mmln
MARKETS.
NEW YORK CITY
Average Price of Cop
per for week enaing
September 12, 25.83.
, WEATHER.
if ARIZONA: Tuesday
& . Ii'.l .1 ...
b uiiu li runouaj ittir,
4 nut much change .in
temperature.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 20. No. 153.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 4, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
HEAVY FIGHTING NEAR CAMBRAI
HUNS USE
MANY It!
BATTLE IS EXTREMELY BLOODY
Germans Nowhere Successful
Massed Troops Used
British Holding Firm.
Most Sanguinary Battle Since
Verdun Artillery Active
On Italian Front Russian
- Situation Acute.
(By Review Leased Wire)
Extremely hard fighting, with thei"""- ...-., (..n.r.un,
Germans using great forced ,of infantry f "" .f. "d at"
in mass formation, is taking place P'rc' BnU.H defense,
along the southwestern and southeast-; the Gonnelieu sector. The British,
ern sections of the Cambrai district, j strongly reinforced, were meeting the
In ihe region of Gonnelieu. La Vac- j onslaught firmly at all points, acccrd
querle and southward of Vendhuilej ing to latest reports at 2 o'clock this
and northward toward Masnieres, bat-; afternoon.
ties raged with great fierceness I The battle was along a considerable'
throuhout Monday, but with the Ger- front from La Vacquerie southward
tr.ans nowhere successful in breaking toward Vendhuile. The Germans sue
the British front. At La Vacquerie ceeded in entering La Vacquerie, but
they again succeeded in penetrating j were Immediately ejected. j
the vUlage from which they were (n the course of the day the attack!
ejected previously, but in a sti'jngigp-jad northward toward Masnieres; j
counter attack, eGneral Byng's forces it wa, one of tremendous fierceness. !
threw out the enemy, inflicting heavy I j
casuauies
. .... .. . .
"r
try, but the Briush forces every -
' where are firmly holding their line.
AUiough the Germans in their 0r -
fensive have been using men reckoned
at twenty divisions, the British have
beenable at several ooints to re-
sain some of the ground they lost I
in the initial attack, which was
livered with a sudueness similar to ;
that of Eyng's big drive toward Cam-
brai. Sunday nikh; they gained the
eastern edge of the village of illers- huile.
Guislain and have driven out the ; The enemy was employing great
Germans from La Vacquerie. They forces of infantry, which were sent
held this latter position until Vjnday i forward under terrific artiljery bom
morning, when they were compelled fcardments from a concentration of
again to cede it to the enemy, only to uns wnich the Germans had perfect
lake it again later in the day. South- P(1 Kino th. sraasbine nf the Hinden-
west of Bourlon village ;o the west of
Cambrai, the British
covered lost terrain.
Battle Was Blocdy 1 1 "e rmsn iiuauiry ana aruuery
The German war 'office asserts that i had met the attack brilliantly and
six thousand British have been made' ere holding their own strongly
prisoner during their drive and that j through the first grim hours of fight
100 guns have been taken from them.: ing. The Germans approached La
A large number of the guns already : Vacquerie from the east and south
have been recaptured. The four days' : tast, and at the outset it appeared
battle is described as the most san- that the attack was comparatively lo
gulnary isince Verduu and th first bat-jcaL In their initial charge the enemy
U of Ypies. j came up against a stone wall and they
Artillery duels are in progress be-1 were forced to fall back. The kept
tween the French and the Germans coming in waves, however, and finally
nortn of the Chemin des Dames andsecute,i footing in the town, but
in the Verdun sector. An attack by I mediately were ejected,
the Germans north of Fliery in the lat-j
ter region was enJrely without re-j u,e u um r -
suit, the Gerniana sutfering heavy Intense fighting at close quarters
casualties and leaving prisoners be- followed and aB this progressed the
bind them. . Germans developed a noffensive oper-
Rueso-eGrm an Front Quiet j ation further down the line. By 11
Likewise on the Italian fi'jnt the i o'clock their artillery was maintain
fighting is mostly by means of big ing a drum fire aginst the whole front
guns, the duels being intense between ; involved. As the day wore- on the
the Brenta and Piave rivers.
No detail3 have been received con
cerning the negotiations between the
eGniians and the Russians for an arm
istice, although the German grand
headquarters announces that an arm-
. , 7 . . , .. I
istice already is m force on sections
i0e nu .n:...u
d.tion to Austr a-Hungary n f "P"f
the proposal of the Russians for a ces-
ni,-io id
to open negotiations with Russia with
the same object in view.
Conference Is Closed
The internal situation in Russia re
mains acute. Infantry and machine
mi ilnla stti m onto hat'O hoan aont
i..Ttte -Wf heaiq"uart; by the Germans. Up to the latest
a-, the front, where refusal met the ! rePort- however, the reinforced Brit
Bolsheviki demand that arrangements j were meeting the onslaughts firm
be made for an armistice. 'X. and a spirit of optimism pervaded
The inter-allied conference in Paris th defending camp, although none de
has ended. Colonel E. M. KVmse. head i nied the seriousness of the hour.
of the American delegation, in the
closing address, declared there had ' his deep conviction "that by this
been co-ordination and unity of pur-1 unity and by consoldlated effort we all
pose reached which promised greater i shall be able to arrive at the goal
results for the future and that it was ! which we have set jut to reach."
Many Buy War
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3. Demand lor war saving stamps exceeded
the available supply in many cities throughout the country today at
the opening of the campaign by which the government expects to
raise $2,000,000,000 before January 1, 1919. Reports to the treasury
told of postoffices besieged by thousands of purchasers who waited
in long lines.
Banks which bad neglected stocking up in advance sent hurry
calls to federal reserve banks for stamps and applications for selling
agencies came in thousands from drug stores, cigar stands, factories
and schools. The applications go first to local or state directors of
the campaign, or to federal reserve backs and are forwarded to Secre
tary McAdoo, who will issue licenses to those authorized to act as
agents.
No estimate of sales on the opening day was available tonight,
but telegraphic reports indicated that hundreds of thousands of dol
lars passed over counters to government credit. Many purchasers
were curious to see the little green engraved stamps which promise
to become such a common household emblem in the next year, and
promoters of the campaign count on the display and circulation of
these stamps by early purchasers to have a marked effect on the
sales later.
Secretary McAdoo early this morning bought the first stamps
sold in Washington and presented one to his two-year-old daughter, El
len Wilson McAdoo.
F
HYMEN
British With
Strong Force
StopHunRush
(By Review Leased Wire)'
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY IN
FRANCE, Dec. 3 (By the Associated
Prees). Employing, oreat forces of!
infantry in succeeding waves under
Germans Make Attack
The Germans today were making
their second great attempt to break
! ""rough the British defenses in he
j Gonnelieu sector and pinch off , the
ls"lient nIch General Byn drove Into
, the enemy territory a little further
j to the north. The German assault
as launched against La Vacquerie
shortly before 9 o'clock in the morn
de-iing and spread rapidly. Within two
hours a heavy battle was in progress
over a considerable front from La
Vscquerte southward towards Vend-
burg line.
British Fighting Brilliantly
German attack also spread northward
toward Masnieres and became even
fiercer. The battle about La. Vac
querie was particularly intense with
the contending forces at close grips.
mere ttuircaieu iu uc iiv uuuui
th( eemy lnteded to break tnrough
There appeared to be no doubt that
,the British front if possible, regard-
j less of cost. The Germans were
, , ,,, ,t , .,,
flinging infantry into the assault in
already been great, as must nece3
sairly ruselt from this method of war
fare. For this counter-offensive a great
number of men are being employed
Saving Stamps
FEMALE WOBBLY
TO SERVE TEN
YEARS IN JAIL
(By Review Leased Wire)
SEATTLK, Wash.. Dec. Miss
Ix?uise Olivereau, self-deelajed an
atchist. convicted last week on six
counts of an indictment charging vio
lation of the espionage laws, was sen
tenced today to 10 years in the state
prison at Canon City. Colo., by Judge
Jeremiah Neterer in the federal court.
She accepted the sentnece without
comment.
Judge Neterer told Miss Olivereau
he cculd have given her a maximum
sentence of 75 years and severely
scored her action in circula'ing litera-
I ture calculated to hamper operation
of the selective draft law. She was
charged with having mailed circulars
to men of military age, advising them
not to register.
Boches Offensive
Has Stopped On
Italian Front
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3. An official
dispatch from Rome foday says Au-
stneGrnian attacks on Jae Italian
front have ceased entirely.
Although the Teutonic Invasion was
launched under rain and snow, the
German press explains the sudden in
activity to unfavorable a:mospberic
conditions. The truth is, according to
the dispatch, that the Italian army, re
organized after the crisis, is d'jw hold
ing the line.
Another offensive by the enemy on
a still larger scale is believed.
HUNS SUFFERED LOSSES
"The enemy has tried to break
through our line at every point," says
the message. ' I: appears clearly now
that Boreovic's divisions hoped to pass
the Italians beyond the Paive by sys
tematic violent attacks, which were
regularly repulsed.
Later General Conrad tried to make
the most of the advantages gained jn
the Asiago plateau, while our :roops
were retreating- Jto or line of wt
sistance but when the Austro-Germans
attempted to break our defensive bar
rier at Meletta and Magnaboschi,
they suffered staggering losses with
out gaining any ground. Numerous
divisions were sent ou:. in vain as
saults upon the positions desperately
defended by our soldiers.
ENEMY ACTIVE
Italian aviators have reported con
tinual transfer of Austrian troops from
the plain to the mountains to fill up
the gaps in their decimated ranks. The
enemy is very- active preparing elab
orate defensive Fystems.
"It is believed that the recommence
ment of the offensive jn a larger
scale is imminent. It is expected Gen
eral Conrad will strike in the direction
of Vicenza, aiming aot an encircling
movement agains: the fourth and first
Italian army corps. Such alternate
blows on the right, left and center re
call the methods against Verdun and
it is trussed it will have the identical
success."
GERMAN EAST AFRICA
CLEARED OF ENEMY
LONDON, Dec. 3. "East Africa has
been completely cleared of the ene
my," This official announcement was
made tonight. -The text of the an
nouncement reads:
"Telegraphing under date of Decem
ber 1st, General Vandeveule( rcom
mander of the military forces in East
Africa.) reported that reconnaisances
hate definitely established that Ger
man Epst Africa Is completely cleared
of the enemq. Thus the whole of
German ovqrseas ; possessions jiavo
passed into our hands and those of
our Belgian allies.
"Only a small German force now re
mains. This has taken refuge in ad
journing Portuguese territory and
measures are being taken to deal
with it."
German East Africa which has a
coast line of about 620 miles and an
estimated area of 3S4.000 square
miles was attacked by the British
forces. Including South African
troop.? under General Jan Christian
Smu's, from the north and by Belgian
and Portuguese troops from the south
t ana easi. ine campaign oegan eariy
j in 1915. ,
i With the loss of Easl Africa all of
j her eclonies have been taken from
Germany. These had an area of more
I than cne million square miles and a
I population of about 14.000,000, includ
ing 25,000 whites.
SUBMARINE CREW
SURRENDERS TO U. S. SHIP
! (By Review Leased Wire)
1 AN ATLANTIC PORT, Dec. 3. A
I story of mutiny on board a German
j submarine, resulting in the killing jf
i all the pfficers and the surrender of
I the crew to an American warship was
j told here today by an enlisted man of
the United States navy just returned
from France. According to the story.
J'the Germans said they had been sent
von two months' service, but had been
ijout three months and that they could
j stand it no longer.
After they had disposed Jf the or
j fleers, a white flag was displayed and
Jthe men waited until the American
- ship ran alongside.
Price Fixing of
Metals Causing
Much Interest
' (Special to the Review)
WA S 1 1 INGTON', Dec. 3. Senator
Ashiirst with a delegation of mining
men frcm Arizona..- Idaho, New Mex
ico and Montana hid a long co.iler-eiuc-
today with tlx director of the
mint with reference to fixing lheprie
of silver.
(I!y Review leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3. Treasury
officials today held the first of a se
ries of conferences with western sil
ver producers looking to the ultimate
fixing of a standard price for silver.
effective for one year, and to govern-;
ment acquisition o foptions on prac
tically the entire output of the United
States. .
Pressing needs of this country- and
the allies for silver for coin under
abnormal war condi'ions is responsl-
ble for the plan.
it contemplates gov-j
ent control of the market for
ernm
American silver at a fixed rfte, prob
ably above the market price of 87 j
cents an ounce. "
Jewelers, manufactures of dentistry
and optical supplies and other silver
users would continue tc receive a sup
ply under the tentative government
plan, probably at the standard price.
Details of the arrangements are yet
to be worked out. however, and offi
cials today emphasized the statement
that for the present, the government
is interested mainly in obtaining suf
ficient silver at a fair irice for its
own and allied coinage needs and
thereby to stabilize .foreign exchange
conditions.
Raymond T. Baker, director of theiish Admiralty per Wireless Press).
mint; Charles Hamlin, member of' the
federal reserve, and Albert Strauss, h
foreign exchange expert and the treas
ury's representative on the war trade
board, represented the government to
day in today's conference. In addition
to the silver producers, most of whom
were from Nevada, there were pres
ent Senators Pittntan, Smoot, Ashurst,
Newlands and Shaffroth and Governor
Boyle of Nevada. Producers from
other western states will come hero
within a week.
WESTERN METAL PRODUCERS
TO OPEN CONFERENCE TODAY
SALT LAKE CITY. Dec. 3. The
vanguard of deleaves to thd confer
ence of western metal producers, to
open in ths city tomorrow' afternoon,
reached Salt Lake Ci"y today A com
mittee meeting today outlined the
program for the conference, which if
to consider production, price and
other problems of the industry. Espe
cial attention is to be given to the
condition of the market for rilvcr.
The conference will be open to all
metal producers, whether or not they
are members of the organizations be
hind the conference movement.
The importance o the meeting, it
was nointed out. wai reflected In the
announcement from Washington tot
the effect that further action on the
proposition to close silver contracts
had been deferred by the government
pending the recommendations of the
Salt Lake City conference.
Besides taking up the silver ques
tion, it is proposed to discuss at tha
meeting the government price fixing
of copper and lead, and to draft rec
ommendations looking to a revision of
the federal income tax law.
Germans Suffer
Severe Losses
From Haig's Men
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON, Dec. Z. "From Gonne
lieu to Marcoing," Field Marshal
Haig's report fi'om France tonigh:
says, "the enemy delivered attacks in
great strength with large forces and
has been repulsed with heavy losses."
"The enemy resumed the ofleusive
on the Cambrai battle front with great
violence," says the staetment. "Figh:
ing of an exceptionally severe nature
has taken place today Our positions
have been maintained everywhere ex
cept at La Vacquerie and east of
Marcoing, where our line has been
slightly withdrawn.
"South of Marcoing the enemy broke
thi'jugh at one point, but the situation
was restored by an immediate counter
attack.
"On the Ypres battle front there was
local fighting southeast of Polygon
wood. As a result we advanced our
line slightly and secured prisoners.
"In a minor operation yesterday
nor.h of Passchcudacle we took l
prh'jners and a few machine guns."
RUMANIA SOUNDS VIENNA.
AMSTERDAM. Dec. 3. The Dus
seldorf General Anzelger's Berlin cor
respondent gives currency to a rumor
in the reichstag that the Rumanian
government has sounded the Berlin
and Vienna governments regarding
conditions for an armistice and peace
pour parlers. The correspondent says
the closing of the reichstag main com
mittee's session gives support to the
rumor.
The Weser 7-eitung, a copy of which
has leen received here, asserts that
Dr. Richard von Kuehlmann. the Ger
man foreign secretary, in the course
of a half hour's silting of the mara
committee of the reichstag made a
confidential statement to the members
whereupon the committee adjourned.
AMERICANS ARE
PAID TRIBUTE
FOR
GALLANTRY
(Py Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. I'e. :!. riigln
tribute to the gallant conduct of the!
American army engineer. in Krancti
ho were caught in llio German en
circling attm-k on the British lines
near Cambrci is paid in an o.'iicial
communication from the French gov
ernment, received here 'tonight by
cable. The communication follows:
"We must remark upon the con
duct of cer.ain American soldiers,
workmen on the military railroad in
the sector of the German attack west
of Cambrai on November ;0. They
exchanged their picks and shove!s for
rifles and cartridges and fought with
the English. Many died thus bravely,
ums in hand, before the invader All
.:eipeu 10 repuise me enemy, mere
is not a single person who saw them
at work who does not render warm
praise to the' coolness, discipline and
courage of these improvised com
batants." Prussians Were
Victorious Near
Cambrai; Claiml
(By Review leased Wire)
BERLIN, via London. Dec. 3 (Brit
Today's official statement says:
Western theatre Front of Crown
Prince Rupprecht: Early yesterday,
after a violent drum fire, the British
attacked our positions north of Pass
(hendaele. Thuringan aud Hessian
troops threw back the enemy in a
sharp counter-attack and took 60
prisoners. The firing increased at
jipes in the evening to considerable
violence.
"The battle field near Cambrai was
the scene of artillery activity in a few
seetons. In the evening the enemy
attacked and there was violent fight
ing during the niqht.
i Canture Minv Gum
"A British local attack at La Vac-'
querie broke down. In a counter
attack nine guns and eighteen ma
chine guns were captured.
"The number of prisoners taken
since Friday has increased to 60'i0
and the guns to 100.
"Eastern front: In many setcors of
the Russian front a local armistice
has been agreed to by several divis-j
ions. The Russian army in the re-!
rion from the Priepit to south of the
Lipa and several Russian general i
commands have decided upon a truce,
Further negotiations are proceeding,
A Russian deputation has arrived at
the comraond of General Field Mar-
shal Prince Leopold of Bavaria with A war time aspect was given today s i ea to oiner zones oi operations.
Ihe object of bringing about a general! sessions by the presence of many uni-, "So that though the season is not
armistice." I formed men among spectators in the ! propitious for engagaing in military
Nothirfg New I crowded galleries and of women bust-i enter.ri.ses on a large scale, yet owing
BERLIN, via Indon, Dec. 3. Thejly plying knitting needles during the ' to the imperative necessity for a con
supplementary renort 'from general opening ceremonies. tinuance of this mobility, further cf
headquarters tonight says: Senate proceedings were unusually ; fensives are to be anticipated.
To the southwest of Cambrai ihere
were local successful engagements.
"From the other fronts nothing has
been received."
RUSSIAN ARMISTICE.
AMSTERDAM. Dec. 3. An armi
stice was agreed to Saturday with the
Russian army, according to a Berlin
dispatch. It was to begin at 10 o'clock
on the evening of Sunday, when hos
tilities were to be Btopped and ar
rangements made concerning inter
course between the lines, troop move
ments in the trenches and work and
air activity. Forty-eight hours' notice
was fixed for denunciation of the
armistice, which course thetefritory
from the south bank of the Priepet
to south of the Lipa.
Mining Congress
Names Committee
To Study Costs
(By Review Leased Wire)
niOENlX, Des. 3. To ascertain
exactly what Arizona copper is cost
ing as output by all producers, large
and i-n.all, the Arizona Chapter Ameri
can Mining congress today named a
committee of mining men represent
ing all producing dlstricfs in state. It
is expected Jhat Investigations of this
committee will reveal t.'iat any cut
below the present government fixed
price ol copper would cut off conser
vati.ely one hundred million pounds
from Arizona's copper output, practi
cally all of that of small producers.
The crapter passed resolutions en-
dorsing Nevada. Utah and Idaho min-!
men's endeavors to avert copper and :
silvar price fixation and embargoes
whici would cripple the Industries. j
linanhitlnns nroDosing amendments :
to the income tax law mining provl-
slons will re passed upon tomorrow,
concluding the annual meeting of the
chapter.
READING PROMOTED.
LONDON, Dec. 3. Viscount Read
flip. Lord Chief Justice, has been
created an Earl, and Lord Northeltffe
a Viscount, according to an official
statement issued this evening.
STATIC WARFARE GIVING WAV
TOACIITY,EGERI'S
MASS Mm, BAKER SAYS
' . i
Congress Will??z?l
Continue to j mate Ila,ian$' Power$-
PrOSeCUte War Entente Wm Not Give Re-
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3. Congress
is ready to take up again its part in :
the prrsecution of the war. (
The second session of the sixty-fifth ;
congress began today at noon with .
brief routine sessions marked by the
receipt of appropriation estimates for t By Review Leased Wire)
next yeir's war and ordinary expend!- j WASHINGTON. Dec. 3. An effort
ture aggregating the vast sum. of j by th Germans to bring on a decisive
$13.50o,000,0u0. ' ; engagement on the western front Ij
Tomorrow the, senate and house i suggested in the department's review
will meet In joint session at 12:30 p. j of military operations for the week
ra. to hear President Wilson deliver, ending December 1st. issued tonight
his annual address. Guidance of the: by Secretary Raker,
president in the work ahead is await-j "The outstanding feature of the gen
ed by tacit agreement. Congressional' eral rnilitary situation today." says
leaders tonight admitted that his rec-i the review, "is to be found in the
ommenations, awaited with profound : ever-increasing mobility of action nf
interest by the world, would outline the ff rces engaged,
the session's program. ; "Static warfare is giving way to
Spirit of Confidence Prevades. activity of movement.
Speculation as to the nature of the! "It seems that a decision is being
I president's Suitress centers .largely
upon the question whether he will ; that he cannot endure for a aiurh
recommend delcarations of war by ; longer period the strain of trench war
the United tSates against Germany's! fare imposed by the allies la the west,
allies. General belief is that he will, Would Crush Italy.
not, at least for the present, and that
1 congress will follow his desires. Sent -
iment for such action is widespread. I forces in order to invade Italy a con
however, and individual members cent rat ion of troops made possible by
probably will Introduce war resolu
tions One or two senators were pre
pared today to offer such resolutions
but were prevailed upon to withhold
them.
A spirit of confidence pervades con
gress. Returning members exchanged j objective in this theater,
views with declarations of increased ! "For a time the military situation
determination to lend every aid in I alcng the Italian front was serious. ,
vigorous conduct of the war. The' But the enemy had under-estimated
leaders predicted that legislation the resisting power of the Italians
would be confined largely to war i and discounted the splendid morale
measures. which their forces would display when
Senator Martin, democrat leader !n j the full magnitude of the impend. n
the senate, said there would be little ; crisis was visualized. "
time tor other than war problems and Germany Moving Forces.
Representative Kitchin, the house "Tae Italians, by a magnificent ef
floor leader, announced that he was fort, reorganized their broken forces,
disposed to favor the plan. The und-, rapi Ily reformed their cadres and
erstanding, however, is that the first j back.'d by the allies were able, singie
few weeks Of the session will be open ; handed, to check the Austro-German
to general legislation. j invasion.
The house- judiciary committee;
meets tomorrow and as consideration,
of national prohibition and woman j
suffrage measures was postponed at j
the last session on the basis of action'
at this session, the disposition of many i
of the committeemen is to vote on
them now, one way or the other.
unri. Aucr uuupiiuii ui ruui:ue rrsu- j pio Ketpite to Be Uiven.
lutious. the senate adjourned out of I "nO the other hand, the allies will
respect to the late Senator Husting of j jrjve the enemy no respite and any of
Wlsconsin. The house remained in fensive undertaken by the Germans
session until the joint committee, ap- will be promptly met by a counter
pointed to notify President Wilson of stroke of great severity,
the return of congress, reported, and "The battle of Cambrai continues,
then passed the resolution for toinor- with sanguinary Intensity. The ene-
rows joint session. The usual crop
of bills, resolutions and petitions was
received in the house, including a res
olution by Representative Martin of
Louisiana, proposing congressional in
vestigation of the sugar shortage.
Representative John K, Fitzgerald
of Brooklyn. N. Y., chairman of the
important house appropriations com-mltt-.
prominent democratic leader
and a member of congress of 18 years
service, announced late today Ms in
tention to resign, effective December
31st to resume the practice of law.
His successor to head the appropria
tions committee probably will be
Representative Swagar Sherly of
Louisville, ranking democratic com
mitteeman. Southwest Wants $50,000,000.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Dec. 3
Representative Blanton of Texas In-
troduted a bill today authorizing an
appropriation of $50.00.000 for relief ,
for farmers In the drought section of .
the southwest. He said that in Texas
alone. 150 counties, comprising an
area half the size of Germany, had
! been so affetted that it was impossi
ble to raise rattle there. The bill
provides that $40,000,000 be expended : rrea ted snd the necessity of bringing
in Texas and $5,000,000 each in New up further reinforcements and mater
Mexico and Colorado, principally for, lal has caused delay in the offensive
purchasing cattle feed. operations."
Those Qualified to Vote Today
All property tax-payers, being qualified electors, are entitled to
vote at the bond election to be held Tuesday. December 4. A qualified
elector is one who. being otherwise qurlified to register as a voter, has
in fact registered as such, and whose name appears upon the Great
Register of the county. A property tax payer is one who. being the
owner of property within the county, is actually assessed therefor up
on the county assessment roll. It is not required that the name of the
owner appear as such on the tax-roll, however. A married woman,
assessed in her own name for her own separate property, and who Is
a registered and qualified elector, may. of course, vote. So may a
married woman, the owner of an interest in community property,
even though such interest be assessed in the name of the husband,
provided she was registered for the Inst general election.
EDW. J. FLANNIGAN. Special Bond Attorney.
spite Battle Cambrai Con-
tinues British Have Situa
tion In Hand
i sought by the enemy, who realizes
I '"This explains the effort of the ren-
1 tral powers In massing considerable
the internal situation in Russia. Thu
offensive was undertaken to crurfh
the Italians and compel them to sue
for petce.
"Five weeks of desperate fightin?
has brought them no nearer their real
"The closing of the Swiss frontier
for two weeks may indicate that the
enemy is transporting large forces.
both men and guns, to the wet.
"The enemy is constantly detaihing
large contingents from the eastern
j theater. All good troops which can
; possibly be spared are being despatch
my, after the first on-rnsh of the Brit
ish, by bringing up fresh forces has
been able to bolster up his weakened
defenses, which for a time, im perilled
the security of the entire Hindenbtirg
line.
"However, when the Germans had
recovered from the first blow and
were able to stand their ground, no
further extensive gains of terrain by
the British were to be anticipated.
Reaction Heavy.
"Hostile reaction has been extreme
ly heavy, and costly counter attacks '
made by the enemy bare enabled li'in
to re-tke a certain area, as well a
occupy terrain southwest of the new
salient. The British have the situa
tion well in hand and announce the
repulse of the enemy who has been
driven from the positions captured.
"On the Italian front allied coop
eration has now been firmly estab-
lishel. In a measure relieving tne itai-
lans.
"In the Palestine theater the rapid
advince of the British on Jerusalem
after the fall of Jaffa, has bevn tem
porarily stayed. The resistance of the
Turkish forces has considerably In- TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 4, 1917.
W083LIES ARE CAUSING
CANADIANS TROUBLE
MAY IMPORT LABOR
Toronto While Canada has already
sent 00,000 men. or 5 of her 8,
000,000 population, to fight for the
mother country, and is planning by
her conscription act, to increase that
number by many thousands more, she
is exerting a strong arm at Jiome
to keep down the incipient revolts
that occur intermittently throughout
her land inspired by German propa
ganda and the I. V. W.
Canada has been denuded of Us
cot-t efficient workers and in every
industrial and commercial activity of
the country there is a deplorable short
age of labor. Slackers and alien la
bor elements, secretly inspired by the
Hun propaganda, have taken advan
tage of this situation to demand wages
little short of blackmail. Swede and
Norwegian fishermen on the Pacific
coast are extorting (10 a day and ra
tions from owners of fishing boats
and these Scandinavian profiteers
won't allow Japs to work in these
boats and won't permit non-union men
to be employed.
At the Drumheller coal mines in
Alberta where 4,000 tons, tie daily ;
output, wages range from $12 to J22
a day. Eighty per cent of the min-1
ers are Swedes, Finns, Slavs, Norwe
gians and Italians, 20( are Canadians ;
or Britishers of socialistic tendencies, j
Taking advantage of the absence of i
400.000 Canadian Rons of the firing i
lines, these labor profiteers are ex- i
torting WRges which fiave worked i
frightful hardships on families of men!
fighting and dying in Europe.
of organized labor and costs of the I
commodities which they buy. Their
rates are fixed as firmly as the ada
mant laws of the Medes and Persians ;
and they are slowly being driven oa !
the shoals of bankruptcy. !
It is felt today in Canada that the
end of the war is far away and that
It will not be won until the total re
sources of the allied nations are mo
bilized and organized for victory. Two
hundred and fifty thousand Chinese !
set to work on the virgin prairie soil '
of Canada aided by Ford tractors
could add 200,000 bushels or wheat
to the food supplies of the all'es nf-xt
year. Far-seeing men in Canada be-'
i.eve tais move win -veniuany De
mt?.e" ... . .S . . ' . !
menis which extort confiscatory
wages do not care a jot whether the
war is won or lost, .provided they get
av.ay with their plunder. They want '
no Japs or Mcngolians to enter their
preserves and cut down their proTits. '
The Huns know that France has been !
saved so far by the Africans and Or
ientals w-ho have been carried half;
way round the world to cultivate the
fields of France and run industries '
in place, of the gallant Frenchmen on j
the firing line. Japs and Chinese are !
in much deeper sympathy with the al
lies than the Swedes. Norwegians and
Austrians opposing the lowering of
the bars to let them into the United
States and Canada.
The Canadian pecple in gener.l are
not antagonistic to conscription, but
tfceir view is "If there is to be con
scription, let there be conscription all
around."
AMERICAN ENGINEERS ARE
SUBJECTS OF MUCH ENVY
(By Review Leased Wire)
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN
FRANCE. Dec. 3. The entire army
was thrilled by today's published re
ports of the heroic action of the Amer- j
ican railway engineers on the British
fi'jnt in the Cambrai eector. It was
the sole topic of conversation, and the :
railroaders here were subject to much j
envy, especially by troops who had re-1
turned from the trenches and who
would have given all they owned for
just such a chance.
Voto for the bond issue today.
Its .sucress means not only better
reads, but better land Values and
better business for the county In
general and the Warren district in
particular. Uisbee Is the natural
ptpuisuon cen'.er oi t ocnise. Per-
manent highways mean permanent '
prosperity.
1
Here Is a Rare Opportunity for
Christmas Shoppers
Right at the beginning of tbe Holiday shopping season we are placing on
imperial Fa,e a large assortment of suitable gift articles from our Art Depart
ment. These are in finished and unfinished designs, on the very best of
materials and tbe patterns will appeal to you as clever and new and you
may have your ctaice from this assortment at exactly one-half the original
price. " -
Conspicuous in the lot are the following:
TOWELS, TABLE RUNNERS, TABLE CLOTHS
LUNCH CLOTHS, LONG KIMONOS, SHORT KIMONOS
DOILIES, BAGS, CENTER PIECES
PILLOW TOPS, LUNCH SETS, PIANO SCARFS
. CHIDREN'S DRESSES, PIN CUSHIONS
CHILDREN'S ROMPERS, TRAY CLOTHS
APRONS, CAPS
Included also are samples in finished, pieces of various designs. It is not
very cften that you can secure articles such as these at this price, so it
will be to your advantage to make selection as soon a? possible. All the
above articles on sale on our first floor at
Waterways May
Be Used to Help
R. R. Congestion
PITTSBURGH, Dec. 3. To enable
the moving of more coal to the New
England states and to relieve the
congestion on eastern railroads, the
general operating committee of the
railroads' war board today asked
through General Black, chief of en
gineers, and Dr. H. A. Garfield, fede
ral fuel administrator, that more sea
going tugs be furnished to move the
boats of shallow draught from the
ports of Baltimore. Philadelphia and
New York to New England points.
The congestion is due, the committee
believes, to the commandeering by the
navy department of 25 per cent of
the sea-going tugs.
Companies operating steamship lines
on the Great Lakes were asked by
the committee to extend the naviga
tion season as long as possible with
a view to relieving the railroads.
An order has been sent to eastern
railroads providing "that all freight;
westbound .from New England, Phila
delphia, Baltimore, Harrisburg and
intermediate points be embargoed and
diverted to northern routes."
The committee at its meeting today
adopted a resolution asking the east-j
ern seaport lines to organize over-'
seas committees, one for each of the
ports of Boston, New York, Philadel
phia, Paltimore and Norfolk. The ob
ject of these committees is "to se
cure close co-operation with the al
lied over-seas executive committee and
with the United States authorities and
thereby obtain the best results in the
rail movement of overseas traffic."
HflllPlI frjl PClPfl
AJlVlslVU,
Head of Green
-m r gy
jMOYiSter LrOttiPanjJ
(Special to The Review.)
PR-ESCOTT, Dec. 3. Neill E. Bailey
was ro-elected president of the Green
Monster at the annual meeting of the
stockholders held here today. Bailey
was represented by half a million
votes and the Clark Leyman interest
had ?46,67S votes.
The new directorate of the com
pany elected at the meeting today
ccmprised Neill E. Bailey, Walter W.
Lawaon, W. S. Humbert, Timothy A.
Riordan and David Morgan. The new
board insured the election of Bailey
a8 president of the company when The
directors will meet in Jerome Mon-
day.
Ten eYars for Army Deserter.
(By Review Leased Wire)
SAN ANTONIO, Texas, Dec. 3.
Private Donald Hundley, found guilty
at Camp Travis of desertion and em: i
bezzlument, was sentenced today to
10 years in the Leavenworth Federal
penitentiary.
UniTISII FORCES
VF.AK JERUSALEM
. Advancing from the south, th
Rritish forces in Palestine under
Ueneral Allenby dive reached the
Wadi Surar. which is on a line With
Jerusalem. Their new positicn im
mediately covert Jaffa, on the coast
(thirty-twe mile in a straight line
from the Holy Cit. ) and the railway
(unction oa the route to Jerusalem.
jjgSX W;
BATTLE,
BATTLE fSrniCH SHERIA'
LINE pf-mmf -." wf.
NOV r .VElLrEH "
FRENCH
r . 3 ? llfHIfeS'; 9't--"': )
lr ,;1 vhln-'V-VM' ; i K l t
1; i tA4Wfcflv'M ' ' ' 1 ?; ti r
This is not an unusual scene in the
streets of the French villages where
our troops are stationed. The little
GERMANS TRYING TO
INFLUENCE CHINA
TOKIO. (By Associated Press Cor
respondence.' Efforts of the Chinese
press to force the conclusion that the
United States' participated in the Chi
nese currency loan was intended to
lessen Japan's influence, was de
nounced by the Japan Times as "like
characteristic German nonsense." The
Times points out that it was Japan
which used its influence to obtain
America's participation in the loan.
The Times also asserts that investi
gations so far made by the Imperial
Government reveal no ground for the
rumors that the American govern
ment is trying to buy from Russia the
peninsula of Kamchatka or for the
reports of American ambitions for do
velopment in Siberia or Saghalien. It
is suggested that these rumors, per
sistently circulated, are of German
origin.
Russians Hold
Armistice; Claim
VIENNA, via London, Dec S.-
The:
was '
following official communication
i3SUci today
During the last few , days an arm
istice has been announced on many)
sectors of. the Russian front, from
division to division and from corps to :
corps. In the Priepet region the Rus-;
sian army concluded on official arm-'
lstice with the opposing command of
the allied (Teutonic) troops." i
"A Russian deputation crossed our
lines yesterday in order to prepare
the wey with the plenipotentiaries of
the ailied (Teutonic) armies for an
armistice on the whole of the Rus -
sian front.
In the Italian theater and In A1-.
bania there is nothing new to report."
RUSSIANS FRATERNIZE
(By Review Leased Wire
LONDON. Dec. 3. Russian egneral-
headquarters, it is officially announc-.
ed, has reported that 91 Friday f rater-1
nization had increased especially on'
the northern and western (Russian) I
rronts in connection with the armistice I
napntinXnm antr Inm vith th Rnl-
shevikl. 1 tion of the Chihuahua-Durango state I
Russian headquarters also an-' Hue, leaving Martin Lope in command i
nounces that the Russian torpedo boat! of a band of 300 ineti in Santa Clara'
Bditelnyl was blown up bv an enemy canyon to interrupt train traffic and ,
mine Thursday. ! harass the small settlmenets near Chi-.
' I huahua city.
Those Sellers Special Kitchen Cabi- j General Francisco Murguia has not
net witi the automatic lowering flour 'yet taken the field against Villa, but
hin advprtlspd rt extensively in the 1 preparing lr his campaign, which i
Dm, advertised eo extensively in me y
Saturday Evening Post and Ladies'
Home Journal, are now on display
price $52.50 at the Standard Furniture
Co., Allen Block, Bisbee. Adv 454
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
CHILDREN FRIENDLY WITH AMERICAN TROOPS
A Now Familiar Village Scene in France
children of France seem to have ac-
quired the Idea that our soldiers will
put the finishing ' toucher, without
much, delay to the Boches, and are
k y: mnuiEs to
A I IT AGAINST
i'roterting the interior of the Church of St. John and Paul In VVnice against
.' - - . German shells. , t
I If Venide suffers the same depredations that befall Louvam and'
Jhc!.T.s the art treasures of the world's most beautiful city will be ruined
JVcvr. To prevent such a cataytro; he the Italians are safeguarding the
most rmpcrfsnt of their brautiful J.uiiHinps. Removable art objects thave J
jeen tukrn to plsces of safety. The .nteriors as well as the exteriors of
the most beautiful churches have l;eer. protected with padded quiltings and,
I'ilcd sandbags.
jl
.. . ......
Til1n T2rl i rnrel
' LCHHtw
I To Have Moved
;His Troops South
(By Review Leased Wire)
JUAREZ, Mex.. Dec. 3. Francisco
Villa, with his personal command, is
believed to have moved south from
the Santa Clara canvon in the direc-
win oiflu awn , icuui is iiuui mj nioic 1
capital tonight said
A passenger train left the border
here today for the' first time in eight
days, all train service having been
suspended because of Villa's activities
along the railroad.
SIX
DEATHS FROM
N ATI) R A LC A USES RE PORTED
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON', Dec. 3. These
dea'hii from natural causes among the
members of the American expedition
ary forces were reported to the war
department today by General Persh
ing: Private Charles B, Peppers, engin
eer, November 23, lobar "pneumonia,
Audtibun.Ia.
Private hdward N. Wright, cngia
eer, November 22, lobar
St. Maries, Ida.
pneumonia, '
Private Martin Herron. machine gun
company. November 26, broncho pneu
monia, Littleton, N. .11.
Private First Class cKnneth B. Hay.
Merc, November 29, appendicitis and
pneumonia. Duboi.se, Pa.
Private Ross Boor, engineer. Nocein-1
ber :'.0, pulmonary "ongestion and peri
carditis, Connotton, O. j
Private Karl C. Monahan, machine ;
gun company, November 23, alcoholic
poisoning. Cincinnati, O. 1
BRITISH CAPTURE MANY I
PRISONERS AND GUNS
(By Review Leased Wire.)
LONDON. Dor. 3. According
o
figures fciven out by the war olfice to-:
night, the Uri ish captured 011 air
fronts in the :iiontli of November, 26,-j
8rt9 prisoners and 121 guns.
Among the captures were ll.D.M1
men ami l.'!K guns taken on the west-!
cm front: Q.Vi men snd 8 guns in !
Palestine, and 4 103 men and three!
guus i uEaut Africa.
quick to make friends with them.
The camp barber seems to have
opened his tonsorial parlor in a door-
way in the street.
puotect iikic
SHELLS OF TIX'TOXS
: 7
s tv - ut -m V asm
t7W
j
t
I
v
'
. . . .. . M
U. S. Soldiers
Kill 12 Mexican
Bandits; Claim
(By Review Leased Wire)
IXDIO, Tex.. Dec. 3, via army tel
ephone to Marfa, Tex. Mexican out
laws opened fire on one of the Amer
ican cavalry patrols, five miles from
here late today, wounding Private
Keist in the thigh and leg. The Amer-
ican troops stationed here immediately
crossed the river itno Mexico, opened
fl on the little setUemen jf shacks
aru' k"led twelve of the bamlit.i. in-
eluding Felipe Romero and Rafael
Venaslado The shacks where the ouc-
!aws sought shelter were burned after
;h or(..lnan,9 hH(1 h driVpn .
x
Keiniorcements consisting of a
battalion of mobile - infantry and a
motorcycle machine gun troops equip
ped with Vickers-Maxim and Lewis
.ype machine guns have reached here
and were preparing for action tonltluj
attempt to rcsuint firing across the
line.
The country over which the troop
are now operating is covered with a (
hick growth of n-.esquite burgh and
-actus thorns with deep ditches andj
heavy sand, making conditions ideal j
for the Mexican bandit style of fight- j
big in open order. Further trouble
was anticipated tonight, as evidenced!
by preparations made along the Mex-1
ican side of the river here and as far j
down the river as Ojinaga, where the '
Villa forces were sending their fam-i
illes to Palom.-is, south of the bor-j
der. . The bandits were 'believed to.
have been a part of the Chico Cano
rand which was driven out of Buena
Vista, Mexico. Saturday, by a cavalry
command, after two Americans and
thirty-five Mexicans had been killed.
MEXICAN LABORS ANXIOUS
TO GET PASSPORTS
(By Review Leased Wire)
NOGALKS, Dec. 3. Several hun
dred Mexican laborers and house serv-j
ants, employed here, practically t-torni-i
ed the quarters of American Consul
Lawton at Nogales, Sonora, today in 1
their eagerness to have him issue
their pasyports, required unuer regu
lations effective to.lay.
A detail of Mexican Soldiers was
furnished to maintain order at the
consul's request after the fence around
the consulate and the tront door had
been smashed by the crowd.
Sovcral hundred were refused per
mission to cress to the American side.
1
REVIEW
BRING
WANT AOS
RESULTS.
v- y
r
contractors in Bisbee buy
from US. They figure it
is WORTH WHILE to do
eo. WHY DONT YOU?
If you need them to
figure your work PHONE
US and we will see that
they get in touch with
you.
If your contractor has
NOT figured with us ask
him to do so ; it will be to
your benefit.
Gibson-Hines
Lumber Co.
J.W.FSmiMgr.ncne88
ARRESTED FOR TRANSPORTING, j
Young Dayton Graham. Roy Haver j
and John Feder were arrested on Sat-
turday night by Deputy Sheriffs Wil-
I liam Brakefield and Red Gannon at
! the Graces school house out of Here-:
i ford on a charge of transporting :
I liquors. For some time past com- j
plaints have been coming in to the '
sheriff's office that every time thatj
'.here was a dance given in that local!-'
j ty, there were a 'number of cases ofi
I drunkeness and evidence that whisky
I was being passed about freely, so on
j Saturday night the officers learned
! that there was to be a dance at the
schocl house, and they went there and
! : after, investigating a little found the i
1 cars in which the whisky had been
: brought there. There were quite a
j number of pints in the Graham car
and a few in the the car occupied by
Haver and Feder. The men were
brought in here yesterday, were re-
leased on bonds furnished by friends,
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
CHICHESTER S PILlS
THE SIAUN HB1NU. A
lnS-lt. A.k'-,ril!- Ift -TF
atl kaovu m Be9I.S3fnC. Al R4ia(W
SOU) Pt PRIGGI5TS FVTBWXEKf
: f catarrh !
: VjVl It D T24. Hours ; !
If E-h Cp- s-.
Sevan cfcounlrrfaitm 1
lll ! K4 a4 i l pru,lVy
TaL M tM liwv f vm V
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber A, Co, Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best oi everythinc at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the weet
Henry Poppen, Manager.
BisbGe Lumber
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL
1
J. B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
J
L
PHONE 29
SUITS
MADE
TO
ORDER
Remember, these suits
are made from genuine
$25 materials.
Every thread guaran
teed Strictly All Wool
with a satisfactory fit or
your money back.
WE WAKE A SPECIALTY OF
LADIES' ALTERATIONS.
D. H. Evans
BREWERY GULCH
Opposite Uncle Jim's
mUCE PERLEY
INSURANCE ?Etiu aT?"
BONDS
Copper Queen Hotel
Fidelity
Liability
Bisbee, Ariz.
HENESSEY
UNDERTAKING PARLORS
Robert Henesey, Prop.
j Opposite Depot Ambulance
EYE NERVE GLASSES
Study and much re
search wont sine
1S92, is the cause of
my successful practice
in Bisbee. Dr. R.
Ulate, Neutrologha.
Bldg.. Phono, OCies
Black 420.
itoom I, Maze
Residence,
j Telephone 446
1 A Phone Call Will Bring Us.
LOS, ANGELES JUNK SHOP
' Highest Cash Prices Paid For '
Metals, Rubber, Rags, Sacks, Bottloa,
Bones, Iron, Hides. Pelts, etc
HOROWITZ BROTHERS, Proprietors
j Lowell, Arizona.
THE.REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
WaTKINS & BERGQULST
Jewelers and Opticians
j The HALLMARK Store
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
GOOD LUMBER IS
BOTTOM
AT THE
of our success. Low prices may
help some, but It's tbe fine qual
ity of our lumber that bring
our customers back time and
again. It pays as to sell good
lumber. It will pay you better
to buy it.- It lasts longer and
Is more satisfactory to work up.
Try us with an order and you'll
come back when you want more.
Company, xinc
CAR STOP.
PHONE 25.
$Wto$20 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 4, 1917.
THREE
PLAN TO REGULATE
BAKERS' SUPPLIES
PHOENIX. Dec. 3. The office of
the Arizona food administration is
working out plans i'jr the enforcement
of the rules and regulations to be
placed In effect December 10, when
every bakery in the state using niorei
than 10 barrels of flour a month will
be placed under government control.
In explaining the scope of the new
regime and its application to the bak
ers of Arizona, Timothy. A. Riordan,
head of the state food administration,
said:
"Standardization of bakers' bread
throughout the nation was the first
aim of the president's proclamation
placing the bakeries under federal
license. And the object of standardi
zation is to reduce the cost of public
baking and distribution, to reduce the;
waste of flour and to limit the use of
sugar and lard in the preparation of
bakery bread. P.y fixing the unit of
weight at one pound and with a sta
bilized price of flour the present dif
ferences in quality will tend to vanish
and for the period of the war compe
tition will, be reduced to a matter of
price and service.
"There is nothing harsh or unjust
in any of these regulations in that all
are placed on the same plane. Some of
the regulations imposed call for the
very things which the bakers have
long desired but were prevented from
adopting because of competition. For
instance, investigations show, that 'a
large portion of returned stale bread
for which the retailer was credited
was actually destroyed, and that the
amount of pood wheat flour lost to the
nation in this one item has amounted
to more than a half million barrels
annually.'
The general rules which will go Into
effect in Arizona with the licensing
of the bakeries summarized are aimed
to prevent:
1. Movement of goods to the con-j
sunier in any but the most direct line I
possible and with minimum delay. j
2. Licenses dealing in fond com-1
IH'(iK FKKXCII GUN AT VEHDi'X IS PHOTOGRAPHED AT THE MOMENT OF FIHIXG
va -
. .
ist&s, V o.v
This lemarkable photograph of a huge French gun at Verdun at the
moment of firing is a rare piece of photography. The men shown in the
photo have their hands to their ears, although the artillerymen always
have their ears "plugged." The great rings of smoke as the shell starts
on its journey can be plainly sten. The dark ring has "spokes" in it, as
though the crash of the bullet as it speeds through the air shattered it.
The smoke is still coming out of the gun. Note the position where the gun
is mounted far down behind the mounds of earth. Shell holes can be seen
everywhere, indicating that the gun is mounted at an advanced post.
First Annual Sale
owell Jewelry Shop
v 5
4 W
4
V
"X
'MANLESS' GROCERSES
PROVE A SUGGESS
Uers the "grocerteria" she takes one
I of the free ' baskets and then goes I
! through a turnstile. She must then ;
i go to the length of the counters on I
; which are placed all the goods found
IT 01 M ID I linirnfl Inricpa nlninlv markP.V I
She helps herself to the things she
needs and thus progresses until she
I comes to the cashier's stfcnd. The
(Ry Review Leased Wire) j cashier notes the articles she has put
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 3. Thej in the basket and collects the price
manless grocery." designed to keep for each. The goods are then given
both ihe we3t front trenches and the ; into the hands of the wrapper. .
modifies for the purpose of creating; American pocketbeok full, has arrived i the "grocerterias" here the fol
a monopoly. I in California and is firmly established i'lowine legends are hung in a con-
spicuous place:
"It pays to carry it home."
"We ask our patrons co-operation
in reducing the man power required
to operate our business so as to in
3. The destruction of bakery prod-; according to the state branch of the
ucts or the commission of other; federal food commission. f
waste. i to "the trade" and the public at
4. The return of stale bread or cre-J-j iarge jt js known as the "grocerteria"
iMr-e the retailer for unsold bakery End about the same plan for running
products. i the establishment obtains in all cities! crease the number of men needed for
5, The manufacture of bread except' wnere, lt js a feature. There are two' war industries."
in 16 or 24-ounce units or multiples of tnese "grocerterias" in San Fran-j The popularity of the "manless gro
thereof. " ciseo. and a number in Los Angeles ; eery" bids fair to keep up with that
In view of an apparent maunder- and other partR of the state. : 0f "Meatless Tuesday,"
BiauuiuR it aa o.i-v;v ixj o w ..o.vivjhd s These esiaDiisniiieiiis auveruse tnuii veuiiesuaj uuu n-tf rcauiicaoi
CHINO VALLEY OIL
FIELD HAS FUTURE
EXPERT BELIEVES
- (By P. R. Milnes.)
PRESCOTT, Arii-'ona, Dec. 3. "In
my experience, covering nearly every
oil field on this continent, I have never
seen any other un.ested location that
presented so many favorable features
as this one."
This is what R. Ronald Sager, a
Standard oil geologist, wrote in sum
marizing his report on the Chino Val
ley field, where a boom is u'jw pre
vailing and where a number of com
panies, phief among which Is the New
York Chino Valley Oil Syndicate, are
making preparations iq drill in the im
mediate future. Two companies al-
whentWH! ready have rigs on the way to me
Creamless! iela and o:hers are engaging in finan
for licenses should be made direct to
the United States food administration,
license division, legal department,
Washington, D. C.
in
f.iey sell from 10 to 12 per cent , Thursda.y imciu wuu .....c u
i t,n duo i j view.
"7" 1 au. al L. 7,r;,"rw -r 1.. Sager, who is known from coast to
'VIZ eI"l 'i Wl"IJJ?"- J coast as a man whse opinions on o.l
liaunca, LimiBT uc... U..11... u ,rMC.ua, v." fieM. . verv mnch worth While.
GOAL SHIPMENTS TO
BE GIVEN PRIORITY
OVER ALL OTHERS
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3. Curtail
ment of non-essential industries to
save fuel and transportation will he
accomplished for the present, at least,
almost wholly by indirection. This
was made clear today in official quart
ers, where it was indicated there proh
ably, TV-ill be no .direct denial of either
fuel or tranfportation to any indus
tries. The best plan. It has been decided,
is to begin at the top cf the list and
assure coal and rail movement to ttv
essentials. Fuel Administrator Gar
field already has sent to'coal produc
ers a preferred list of consumers as
a guide in filling orders and at his
request the railroads are giving pref
erence to coal shipments.
The committee on priority of trans
portation, cf which Robert S. Lovett
REVIEW
BRING
WANT AOS.
RESULTS.
beys and wagon men. : me KocKniu siage ior iomosionejaereea with Etienne Ritter and other h chairman, is Hennaed to eo at the
mecniyi)iU). ua.; MB remain lur sever. , noted geoiogists wno have inSpected ; problem of denying rail movement to
land wrapper. When the housewife en-1 days.
5
o
o
o
a
o
o
o
o
a
a
9
o
a
a
a
o
a
o
a
0
a
B
a
o
o
o
Music for a great city!
phonographs for
66,666 families !
only $1,000,000 !
a
r
581
2Z
9
9
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
s
a
Pleasure for 66,666 fami
lies. Grand opera! Marches!
Dancing!
Which shows the pleasure-power
of $l,OtX),000 in
one way. But to take an
other way
What means more to
thousands of men than the
fragrance, the mellowness
of a cigar like the OWL?
So-to"sureify" OWL fra
grance we spend $1,000,000.
For it takes $1,000,000 to
keep the reserve -leaf for
your OWL constantly mel
lowing, constantly curing.
And sometimes more.
For mind you the Owl
leaf for the Owl of 1918 is now
curing, watched over by ex
perts. Only when these experts
pronounce this leaf "ready"
does it go into your Owl Cigar.
We think you'll like your
Owl Cigar behind which
stands $1,000,000 or more of
flavor-insuraVice. We'd like to
have you try one. We think you
will. So we say Thank you.
THE
MILLION
DOLLAR
CIGAR
Your friends
in the trenches
or the turrets will
find OWLS dependable.
I . 1
Showing exact size of
the fragrant , mellow
11W
your protection.
M. A. GUNST Branch
of Cfneral Cigar Company, Inc.
-. their reports. Excerpts from his re
I port follow :
I '! learn that this district nas been
f under fayorable consideration for the
prospects Vf oil for a period cf about
ten years past, and that reports from
oil geoiogists and reputable practical
oil men have been more or less favor
able to this district. Notable anions
the geologists who have recently re
ported favorably upon the Chino val
ley 'oil stratification is Dr. Etienne A.
Ritter, mining engineer, doctor of sci
ences, member of the American Insti
tute of Mining Engineers and of the
Institute of Mining and Metallurgy.
"In T. 18 N., R. 3 V. there has been
a well drilled, reaching a depth of
practically 1900 feet. I learned from
locai hisxry that this well was started
a number of years ago by local people
and as a result of lack of knowledge of
the formation they would be likely to
encounter, they were compelled to
give up drilling at about 1900 feet. I
am satisfied from the statements and
data available that the well was drill
ed through 100 feet of oil sand, and
that the showing, for paraffin oil of
high gravity was remarkably good.
There is an abundance of evidence
in this field of the cretaceou limes,
with their vanVms contents, to insure
a base from which oil and ?as are
created. There are many indications
of the porous sandstones' and shales
to collect the oil, and convey same,
also the necessary strata or rock to
form an impervious or oil-tight cover
l'jr oil-bearing sandstones and shales.
"Tnis oil structure is located on
an extensive anticline of carboniferous
limestone called the Black Fores:
mesa . Nearly all the geological for
mations found there are exposed in
the Grand Canyon 'of the Colorado to
j the northwest, and again in the Jerome
mining district to the southeast
in making an approximate estimate
of the thickness of the various forma-
J tions, one can only try to strike a gen
eral average or the exposures it the
Grand Canyon and Jerome. 1 would es
timae that it would be more than 2500
feet to the bottom of the sedlmentaries
or possible oil formations included in
this anticline, probably a considerable
less depth.
"The fact that no proven oil well has
as yet been discovered in Arizona is
no indication that there should r'jt be
oil in the state. As I have heretofore
stated, the various attempts made to
drill have n'j bearing from the stand
point of a thorough test."
AGENTS FOR
end
non-esfentialf very deliberately. It
is likely, it was learned today, that
no general priority order giving pref
erential movement to certain commo
dities will be issued, at least for a
time. Members of the committee
think the railroads, through their pool
ing, can Jiandle the situation best
themselves. They are of tie opinion
that further priority orders only will
hamper operation of the roads in the
most efficient manner.
Dr. Garfield has requested an order
of giving the right of way to coal over
general freight The demand drew
from the food administration an im
mediate protest declaring that nothing
should move ahead of foodstuffs. The
railroads, too, objected, and the re
sult : was that an order prepared by
the committee never was put out.
If it should be decided later that it
is necessary to begin at the bottom
and declare some industries non-essential,
the committee on priority
holds that the fuel administration is
in better position to curtail, them
through its control over coal than is
the committee with its supervision
over freight movement.
The chief reason for dealing with
the subject in the manner adopted,
officials admit, is because of the dif
ficulty in determining what are the
non-essentials.
Both the fuel administrator and the
committee on priority have powers
about equal in dealing with non-essen-tiols.
If, however, they do not use the
powers, it will be left largely to the j
railroads to decide what shall be mov
ed and thus the railroads might be
called on to exercise powers of discrimination.
In this store you.
will find only
raercha ndise of
proven superiority
Goods we can
h o n e stly recom-
mend to you.
We carry a full stock of Vatche3, Ladies and Men's
Wrist Watches, Diamonds, Rings, Lavalliers, Brooches,
Watch Chains, Watch Fobs, Silverware, French Ivory,
and we are going to save you from
10 to 50 Per Cent
on all articles of Jewelry in this store
4 tzjzms- l7jt
We would like to have you see for yourself the up-to-date
line we carry.
Remember A small deposit will hold any article we
have. Now is the time to select your holiday presents.
Lowell Jewelry Shop
MAIN STREET
LOWELL
During Sale We Will Keep Open Until 8:00 P. M.
TRAINING CAMPS FOR POLES.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
BOSTON. Dec. 3. Secretary of War
Baker has shown America's apprecia-;
tion of the new army of 200,000 Po-i
lish-American young men. being raised ;
In the United States to fight en the,
3ide of the entente allies by offering .
the use of the camp at Plattsburg for
the training of Polish officers, Ignace ,
Paderewski, the pianist, announced at:
a patriotic cass meeting of Polish
people here today.
The meeting was the concluding
event on the day's program of the cel
bration commemorating the 100th an
niversary of the death of Thaddeus
Kosciusko, the Polish patriot.
Mr. Paderewski urged all Polish
American young men of draft age wb.i
are not called to the colors under the
selective service law to enter the new
Polish army. x
Vote for the bond issue today.
Its success means not only better )
roads, but better land values and t
ueuer Dusinesg ror the county in
general and the Warren district in
particular. Bisbee is the natural
population center of Cochise. Per
manent highways mean permanent
prosperity.
USE ALLEii'S FCG7-EASE.
Th imrptit nu "o be shuktn into thcihoe
and kpiirihlrd n tbe loct-th. if you wtot rest
Bud cMiUfii for tlu-tl, r-..::..y ew-oilt-n. Mt-aiiiif;
feet, it -p '.Ilea " K"i l.e. ! Inataiillf relit vra
orenr-. mil pievfiu hnrrn and culhui. rwt.
J i-l lii i.iinr lor Dan n:tt 1'ir ', IVtri'l Lvh. r
r'tis. ..in! ftn Urer.U'Jiit tn Kiwie '1'rv ft
!-. Xj.d iTCTTwhrn'.te ttrt't tirrrj t nv
.'6.if r For r'KtK McMce. ttidriM
Allen b. UUitcd, U lioj,S, V.
RED CROSS SOCIETY
PLANS ACTIVE WORK
Governor Campbell has been ap
pointed sectional chairman for the
American Red Cross Christmas mem
bership drive for Arizona.
The state is being organized and
when the big drive begius the baby
state will not be found wanting. Red
Cross service flags will play an impor
tant part in the big drive.
Division headquarters at San Fran
cisco have received 169.500 of these
flags, which will be distributed to each
chapter In California. Arizona and Ne
vada. Members of the American
Red Cross may obtain them by calling
at chapter headquarters.
This service flag has a border of
blue, with a Red Cross on the white
field. Sanill red crosses are provided
to be pasted on the white flag, each
cross deno'.ing a Red Cross member
ship. It is planned by the national com
mittee that every house occupied by
members of the Red Cross shall dis
play one of these flaps at the window,
which will denote the number iu the
household enlisted in the war through
the Red Cross.
It is expected to begin a display of
these flags on Saturday next, although
the drive for 10,000.000 new Red
Cit)s members will not begin until De
cember 17.
now used in the Army and Nay. 1
t or years it lias been used by an army
of wusewives -and. that army enlists
thousands of recruits every year.
1 j
-1 VVpJv
mm
T'C'l
MX
wmm.
Housewives use Calumet
because it nroduces best results.
Jhey judge it by results entirely, uov
ernment experts selectetl Calumet for this
same reason and other reasons too. They
looked back of the results. They demanded
purity in Baking Powder, and pur
ity in bakings, as well as surety of
results.
They selected Calumet because they
couM secure these dcsir.il.le qualities
and were ttrtain of getting them. The
strongest puanntee you could ask for
Calumet's thorough geodntss. Try it.
UhjmeT THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 4, 1917.
FOUR
Slip Sfgbcg BalUx Slrufoiu
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company.
.MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use for republication of all news dispatches credited to
it or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Business .Office Phone No. 39.
BRANCH CONNECTING ALL DEPARTMENTS.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered aa Second Class Mall Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
WB MflVTH :
THREE MONTHS
SIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
STJNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter.
75
S.25
4.00
7.50
2.50
.76
No Subscriptlen Taken For Les Than 75 Cent.
Review iubserlbera not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
pecial Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department , No. 39. The Review will con
aider it favor If the Irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department The Messenger Service
applies to Bisbee only.
Tuesday Morning, December 4, 1917.
It is your duty, iMr. Good Citizen, to lay aside for a
short time today every mirth and employment and vote
for the bond issue for good roads for Cochise county.
The man who favors the bond issue and fails to vote ia
a slacker. There ia no doubt but that a large majority
of our citizen favor it, but the danger of its defeat lies
in their indifference. Be sure that those who oppose
the issue will not fail to vote.
Bright sunshine, plenty of turkey and the mines work
ing full blast, made Thanksgiving In the Warren District
yesterday everything that the name Implies.
Boltsbeviki has been translated by a language sharp
to mean, "one who goes the whole hog." If the transla
tion is correct the party now in control in Russia is well
named.
Just when the drunks have all disappeared from the
streets and the jails were torn down, up bobs the I. W.
W. with no place to put it, complains the Leavenworth,
Kansas, Post
The meanest man of the year has been found, this
time at Chandler, Arizona. He robbed the barrel that had
been filled with sweetmeats for the soldiers. Or was it
a man Maybe a girl frisked that barrel.
The New York World declares that murders have in
creased in Arizona one hundred per cent since the pro
hibitory law went into effect Hence, argues the World,
this increase in crinu cannot be laid at the door of liquor,
but rather to the fact Jiat capital punishment has been
abolished in the state.
It was developed In a police court trial that a certain
New York state senator paid twenty dollars a piece for
his shirts. Ye gods! and the legislators and orators
are urging us to conserve our resources during the term
of the war, yet here is a one-horse statesman wearing
shirts that cost as much apiece as a Liberty bond.
"They're coming, brothers, many thousands strong,"
chortles a Topeka, Kansas, editor In announcing the
fact that a drug store in bis home town has a pretty
young woman for soda dispenser and that a shoe store
has installed women clerks and a shoe shining stand
is breaking in girl bootblacks. And when the war is
over what will the men do?
The three Scandinavian nations, Norway, Sweden and
Denmark, met the other day and decided to remain neu
tral during the period of the war. Rumors thsKNorway
was about to enter the war upon the side of the all'es
proved to be unfounded. The fact Is, all three of these
nations are frightened htlf to death of the Hun. He has
sunk their ships and violated their neutrality and threat
ened them times without, number. But there was i time,
long, long ago, when the Dane and the Northman feared
no man, but put forth o sea in high prowed ships and
ravaged nearly every seacoast nation of Kurope and
drove their best warriors like chaff before the ga'e.
An editorial writer on the New York World sits in his
easy chair in a forty-story skyscraper overlooking the
Lordly Hu'h'on and the hives of six million people jammed
together and . reads the Secretary Wilson report on the
Bisbee deportation and then concludes and writes that
local government is a failure. This writer first makes the
most truthful statement that "the sCrike was called upon in
sufficient grievances." But he argues that the strike
was orderly. What doei he know about it, or Secretary
Wilson either, for that matter? A picket line and inti
midation at the hands and mouths of a thousand desper
ate wobblies may be pence In a mining ramp, and it
may not be, just as one looks at it. Viewed from Broad
way, New York, or through the glasses of a commission
traveling through the country in a Pullman train, it may
look peaceful four months after it was over and the
wobblieg tamed. But vl'-wed by Bisbee. who saw loafers
dominate her streets and threaten death to any man who
worked her mines, it was different, already yet. as Abe
Potash was wont to say. And the funny thing Is, the
esteemed World editorially eudorsed and praised the de
portation at the time.
THE LAND OF BROKEN FAITH.
C. M. Morrison, a close student of history and well
known in Missouri as nn editorial writer and political
reporter for many years, has the following strong article
about Russia in the editorial columns of Uie St. Louis
Republic:
The allies may as well face the blunt fact that Russia
Is out of the war as an ally of the free nations. There
is no denying that we hoped much from a Free Russia.
When the news came of tie overthrow of the Romanofra
we visioned Russian armies, freed from intrigue, un
shadowed by the blight of a Germanophile court furling
themselves upon the thin lines of the Germans from
Courland to 'The Beech Woods." We knew that the
Russians had fought like. men, that they had stood up
unblenching, bare-handed against Von Mackensen's vet
erans, and that they had shaken Austria to a blind panic
time after time. We saw the war ending by the autumn
of 1917. We had reason to believe that Germany was
nesperate, that the allied drives on the west and a Rus
sian advance in the east would crumple a bending and
battered Germany. But as Lloyd George has expressed
It, "One jaw of the pincers broke." and Germany, given
a breathing spell, turned upon Italy and broke through
the Alps almost overnight
The dazed Russian has sold his hard-won birthright
for a mess of Prussian pottage cooked in Pottsdam. He
has listened to the breed of agitators that has howled
like wolves in every metropolis of Uie world for a decade
before the war. He listens to the Trotzkys and Lenines,
who have come out of the Greenwich Villages, the East
Sides and the beer halls of the world, and throws the
real leaders of Russia Into prisons. He dances behind a
Red Flag while the mighty soul of a mighty Russia gasps
itself away. He puts one Czar away in Siberia, while the
helmeted "hoching" minion of another Caesar comes to
him in Petrograd and forces his nerveless hand to sign
an armistice while the papers are being drawn for a
separate peace. And forever and always the Russian
talks. He is drunk on speech, intoxicated by the sound
of his own voice. He mouths of world brotherhood and
Internationalism while the iron collars are being forged
on German anvils, the Iron collars that the Ivans of the
future will wear for a thousand years. His sin against
world freedom, bis broken faith with his own dead, car
ries with it its own punishment
If the Bolsheviki, the little tailors from the anarchist
halls, the Red Radicals, the "old women of both sexes,"
the long-haired men and the short-haired women of Rus
sia are to rule from Tsarkoe Selo and the Kremlin, the
millions of Russian dead have died in vain. The phantom
dead of Russland who people the hills of Galicia, the for
gotten men who died in the Maznrian Lakes, the men who
fought with naked hands rgainst bare steel in the Carpa
thian passes, these have no voices to reach the pigmy
Trotzkys and Lenines capering and simpering in the
halls of Holy Russia. The Russian dead in the million
of graves that stretch from the Baltic to the Caspian
have died that embittered fanatics and gold-bought trai
tors might sell the souj of Russia in the market-place.
Belgium faced the steel that the world might live, and
fights on, though she has not seen her blackened roof
trees for three years. Serbia dies, almost to the last man,
and there has been no whining from the gallant Serb
for a separate peace. Rumania fights on, while the weak
kneed giant upon whom she pinned her faith whimpers
of armistices, separate peace and international brother
hood with the brutes whs have set The Mark of the Beast
on the world's forehead. Russia alone is playing the
Craven. It is Russia of all the allies that tears up treat
ies, publishes agreements sacredly and solemnly made
end permits a motley crew of insane radicals to play the
part of monkeys chattering in the mausoleums of the
great dandling in liairy fingers the skulls of dead rulers
and befouling the grave-clothes of the dead.
There have been men In Russia. They have proved it
on a thousand ghastly fields in this war.- Doubtless they
still live. If they cannot sav: Russia from herself, she
will play a shameful part in the vreat day of settlement
Like the German with whom she barters unashamed in
the sight of the whole world, the name of Russian will
become "a byword and a hissing" among the nations.
The Russia that is not with us is against us.
Kansas has asked for five hundred troops to guard
the mills, elevators, packing houses and oil properties
against the depredations of the I. W. W. Secretary Wil
son's industrial peace commission had belter sit in that
state for a little session and thin turn in a report con
demning the action of t.ne state officials as dangerous,
pernicious and illegal, as well as a blow against constitu
tional rights and a blemish upon personal charac ter.
"There are eleven thousand children In Tucson who are
not in school because there is no room for them," so a Tuc
son paper quotes a citizen of that town speaking at a
luncheon recently. Taking It for granted that there is at
least as many children in as out of school in the Pueblo
tewn, that would make twenty-two thousand school chil-
i drcn In that city. Name of a name! How Tucson ha
grown! They must have over fifty thousand people in
that town, according to these vital statistics.
Rippling Rhymes
(By WALT MASON.
THANKSGIVING
There's much, on t-is Thanksgiv
ing, we should be giatelul lor, ai
..nough we now are living beneath thu
,..ade of war. 'though we may push
i'.ie dagger ia toemen, to the hiisj
when from the scrap we scagsei,
there'll be no sense of guilt. We did
uoi start to scatter tne olood around
in showers, no treaties did we shatter.
...e rougu house is not ours. Tne trou
ble we evaded so long the neighbors
ned taat dollar lust had laded our
-! urage and our pride. Not to im
pose our kultur on other nations
-cliool do we ply ca:apult or the
other deadly tools. Not that our
bounds may widen to take in neigh
bors' Jands, do we to war go rld:n',
with pitchforks in our hands. Not that
ur heaitsare turning with hate for
Vilhelm's hordes, do we begin a-turn-ug
cur stovehooks Into swords. When
eace again is relsnins, and seems
as good as new, there'll be no shamed
explaining for Uncle Sam to do. No
vords need then be spoken In Uncle
-atrt'a rtpfpnap- hp ha a no nledees
broken, in spirit or in sense. For this j
we should be grateful, while smiling
;ooks produce tne large ana Dnnimiiig
plateful of turkey, duck or goose.
COUNTY ROAD BOND
ISSUE TO BE VOTED
ON NEXT TUESDAY
$1,000, COO for Good Roads In
Cochise County Polls
Open from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m.
A GOOD CATCH
POLLING PLACES
Bisbee Judge High's office,. Allen
jlock.
Lowell Judge Winter's office, E.
J Mason building.
Warren Cole Ryan building.
Don Luis Town hall.
AH persons who are qualified elec
.crs and whose names appear on the
issessment roll of Cochise county,
.'or either real or personal property
ases--in other words, every one who
lays taxes in add! ton to poll and
chocl taxes is entitled to vote at
ihis election.
If the election results favorably
he money which will be raised as a
result of the Issue will be expended
under the direction of a qualified ani
;ompetent commission, acting in con
unction with the best available en
gineering talent for the purpose oi
properly constructing highways be
tween the following places:
Silver Creek to Douglas: Graded
and drained. .
Douglas to Bisbee: Graded, drained
md paved road. Pavement eighteen
feet wide, three-foot shoulders on
each side, making a 24-foot roadway.
Bisbee to Lowell: Widening the
present pavement six feet, making a
total width of 21 feet of paved road
way between Bisbee and Lowell.
Bisbee to Benson, via Tombstone
in St. David: Graded and drained.
WIllcox to Gleeson, via Cochise.
Pearce and Courtland: Graded and
drained.
The regular county road fund.
which this year amounts to $125,000.
has already been apportioned by the
board of supervsors, which Includes
he following construction, paving the
gap between Denn bridge. Lowell, and
'he Bakerville hotel.
State and County News Briefs
Brief State Notes
Tucson has just completed an ex
tension of its sewer system.
Work has begun on a home in Ajo
for Father Gheidorf. It is expected
Jiat a Catholic church will be bulit
there to cost $10,000.
v
John J. Connor, a railroad switch
man in Tucson, was arrested on a
charge of deserting his family and
taken back to the state of New York.
The farmers of the Gila valley in
Graham county are devoting a g'Jod
deal of their attdn: lo:i to raising hogs
and are supplying the market in
G.'jbe.
Miami citizens are registering vig
orous kicks charging that the Arizona
Eastern railroad gives Globe better
service on Its Apache limited tram
than It does Miami.
Rev. Father
Constructing a! been selected by
County Briefs
Mrs. William Lotley has returned
Tombstone from a several months"
Having received a reappointment!
from national headquarters as depart-
meat commander of the United States
Spanish' War Veterans, Col. James 11. j
McClintock will soon tour the statu
to visit all the camps. ews oi tne re-; yig,t m Franclsco, during which
appointment of the colonel was an-, erlod 8ae T8jted with relatives,
nounced at a meeting of the PlrJenix :
camp. At this meeting Capt J. L. I". j Tb9 ofrice of CountT Recorder Roy
Alexander was re-elected post con;a KreD8 wno ,g ,go clerk of tne
mander. G. W. Stokes and James V, . t Cochlse county Draft Board in Tomb
Parks were elec :ed vice commanders.) gtone u undergoing changes so as
Following the meeting a social hour K accomodate a larger force wtlk.
was spent under the auspices of the wiu be required wnen tne Question
Mary Brodie auxiliary. j alre3 m tne new draft gin to come
One of the oldest mining engineers ,IU
of the southwest passed away, when .,,...
Otto Mechke. 71 years old. died at bis Barton Mitchell was in NUllcox re
home, 257 Meyer street. Sunday after-! ctntly from the Araraipa section,
noon, in Tucson, foljwing a long in-, where he Is working the silver and,
ness. Mr. Metchke was a gradua.e of gold properties recently purchased
Heidelburg university, Germany, and ! from the Qulnns. He says he is tak
up to the beginning of the war recelv-ing out some good ore and the mining
ed remittances from his family, a dis-; activities are unusually promising in
tinguished one, in Germany. During I his section at this time.
his long years of work In connection!
with some of the best-known mines in ; x. M. Park of the Grand Reef
the southwest he accumulated a large mjne 8pent a number of days in Will-
fnrtiina hlph WAX tnKt hV 8UbeUent . !,,,.!... U r -
; , ! ; ba1 investment. 1'jr forty-four vears rt8 that the new mi!I at the niIne
y uiauuy xicu... ..-.. ne nis home in Tuscon. He as!almost ,
jon. of Tucson, to take charge of the, unmarried and had no relatives in the
new latQouc cuurca ai mo iu;i:ra-1 goutnwest
tion townsite in the Globe-Miami dis-t
The men of the First Aruvma make
good wherever they go. This la indi
cated by the fact that first Lieuten
ant Sidney F. Mashbir, of th-2 I'.'nd r
trict.
road from the end of the completed
road at Don Luis to Naco; recrown
inp and surfacing the road from Don
Luis to Hereford. 'Completing a
raded road from the Double Adobes
tn Forest Ranch. James R. Welker, who has actea as
Ti-i.i- A An.Tii. nv tna lit aiinn nr 1 nvrnn v ra in uranafl.
, W I II IC1CICI1I.C U II 11 1.. p, . 1, ' - J '
taxes to meet principal and interest county tor neariy years uuu-,a. mraniry nas jusi puoiuan. a iv.
ready to run now, as it only
lacked the piece of machinery he took
back with him. He expects to be
shipping ore in the near future.
will fall largely on the mining com-'orably released from a position Sun-; book on bayonet fighting. Lieutenant
nanies and other companies, who:aay. -ovemoer ism. nu joscim ... jiasnoir was iurnieny i-ayiam v
will bear 874 per cent of the total, ureenuaiBii s ' ' iouipu,
of, v u v.. ....r-'cessor. Mr. Welker 'or nuny year new text
r.'".- '"I""' fSZL "J5J5Jt T. .,. .r.. ,... Ih. of IU. eta. II
Va - . ;,' ! rH Tnm.l.ii,,,n fif Venezia. was In- arms. It is also announced that Lieu- word comes to Bisbee from Dos
tne IUll auvaiuase oi a uiiiiiuu-uuiini i ------- ----- -------- . , ,
I . 1 t- 1 ....i 1, T-l,.tfl4 .AAflh ' tlUUCU 111 lire ""I. VI
The Southern Pacific railroad at
WIllcox has made considerable re
pairs on their stand pipes and stopped
the overPow of water from them.
They are also arranging to build a
5000-gallon water thank in the near fa
in 'ture. as all trains stop here for water.
making a heavy drain on tne present
storage facilities.
tenant M. A. S. MIngalson, foi nerly : Cabezaa that a large gold and silver
K iitrih thefceconi of "K" company of the Arizona rc.i- ,ed;e has been opened at the Gold
by heir tr" onJ"h f l officers' training camp bel l at th Pre-- ment. has been promoted since nKiv-. RJdse Mintng companys property.
w.o FJ'""' . ;,i; Co r,.nr!,-n T.i..l ir.vnn iva lng niS commission 1U le MSU-iTh nmnanv r tncra 1inr now n-
CPSt
B cost to you personally will be.! '"r'"".
,he first year. 6 2-3 cents on each v '
commissioned a -second lieutenant of 'army. He Is
'jf oilic era were the field artillery
"tretched over a period of 20 years
The
fnr
100 assessed valuation, meaning that!
ir you nay taxes on property assessed (
nosed road bond, principal and inter ; ,
Tl : ; I ' 1 A It I'lirlitlt
In the
now first lieutenant
in,
chinery to handle the ore.
During his visit to California last
,gal amalgamating plant
. . . . .. n.. unuentlemanly,
est. will be ,L33. This dimi.) terrogated on the w aness
isnes '"J'"''tj:'bilKAe at Camp Kearny, later Con-,-" - " ,V Tr'l .iu
A centrlfu-
has been
,, . shipped from Salt Lake City to the
nen county iiorney r.aru, . Jhia machlne said to
KrUl,nOUnt- !ra , .very compact and will not require
made by Miles Burlew of fclgin. as
building to house it.
" lU"--..u..l with
gressman Ilayden delivered a stirring! " " rVr"' v7tornev Han v
address to the one hundred and forty-, ,f's,S- JL . 1? Tn,. YWt
eighth (Arizona) infantry. Congress-; tol . ground "
man Ilayden and Brigadier General , r,h ,. tvnwov fim-d ; the work near Chamiso siding. A
Tuthill formerly served as explains n ' ' " jr.o for ' c'ontemot of roSrt. ; a" sd tent village has sprung up
tne Arizona guard. . - . - lmmHu...iv niw
Dust is flying at Pay Car Curve,
near Benson. Contractor Pacheco has
about 20 teams and double that num
ber nf men grading on the west end of
Wl 91 . I OOohl
inu iai yettr urcms a 73 txiim nu "
$100 assessed valuation. If you have
any Interest, in the upbuilding of the
county, it is" your duty to vote "Yes"
at the elec tion on December 4. 1917.
It is understood that if the bond
issue if voted that all monies appro-
n, ..(.J thA- u flta ffit rilfld wnriC lni r L n, ar .T Ko ar
uuaicii i' - i " diu ' i " . iv. iwj m i' ' ,nv miuij , ( ,i . . u n . I
Ccchise county will be expended ne- masters corps at Douglas and Myrtle Fmmalou Irving of Eliin with , men tre putting in an eight foot arch
tween Tombstone. Santa Cruz and, May Johnson, who has been employed! 0,ulll, hin, r- near the west end and work on the
Pima county lines, thus giving a dt- by the Arizona Irug store for some, d ,h. h,Jic- ,.ot,rt. Accord-! big 25-foot arch, down near town, is
there to accommodate the workmen
.rmv ,,,,-r.er ' taA on the county 'prosecutor nap-, and everything seems to be making
irmy quarter d when Uurlew who was ,.,arged satisfactory progress; The cement
rect connection to Nogales,
This will give us a system of roads
In Cochise county second to no county chaplain Longbrake solemnizing the to Btre her with a club.
time, were married at the home ol ! . t t, complaint made ty Mrs. , still going ahead.
wuiiiBjci, i c ii.inr, .,,..,, Irving, the defendant Burlew maae an
It is estimated that Great Britain will reach the su
preme of her strength next summer, the fourth year of
the war for her. It Is hoped that America will show real
strength on the Flanders front by 1919. If f.'ie does,
argue the experts, a decision may be t-xpei tfxl some time
in 1920. That is a Ion? time distant; over two years.
But It is as soon as the best informed and most determin
ed military men of the three great allied nations
hope to junk the German war machine. Tho hardest
fighting of the entire war may he looked for when the
allies cross the Rhine.
in the state and should within a very
short time stimulate adjoining coun
ties to similar activity.
All work to be done by contract.
The End of a Meatless Day.
1 have eaten a bale
Of tplnach and kale.
And I've never raised a row.
I huve swallowed a can
Of nioit teiied bran
And I feel like a brindic tow.
: I am taking a snark !
From the old haystack
In the evening shadows gray.
And I'm glad, you bet.
At h hl to get
To the end or a meatless day.
Washington Star.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
ceremonv. Mr. Keyes formerly was
employed by the I'helps Dodge Mer-
Traiim that pass in the night, we
know nothinir of. but trains that pass
A vmietv nf "ruts and does." leeal it .r, ..ita nr nur vnlnn-
cantile company's Douglas store, and 8iang for stocks and securities of little tPPr armv KoinK eHKt to be COnsoli
Is widely known and esteemed in , aUy value was 8hown by the inven- dated w,jh froIU otht,r ram,.
Douglas. I lory of the estate of the late Eugene formed lnt0 divisions and given the
S. Ives, filed Monday, which gives a to-, finlsIlinR touches before embarking for
Tuesday and Wednesday will here-.tal value of $36,875 to the estate of ,nc olher Mfj of tne pond They are
after be observed in Arizona as food Mr. Ives, all of which is left to Mrs. fi, looki un- fellows, the cream
conservation days in keeping with the Ives. Of the fjtal value unia prop- of . c youlb ful) of animal
national program. When fool conser- erty is valued at $10(t); Tucson prop- " f ,h rd t -RO
vation was first brought up for Ul' erty 12500: Los Angeles real estate. ""h Zl give 'em helL"
ciissmn here, it was decided that Tues-t $.,00; Adams hotel company sto, k,!,f 1 " "rc dest.ned to fall in
day should be observed as wheatless , $r,000 shares, worth $ir.O0: " "lul ctto o.et
day and Friday as meatless day. This $3000; law library. I10U0: . furniture. , the vo"e e c'Zn
Is not In keeping with the national house ami office. $llt).: automobile. and breast to breast we feel nain
program however, and as a result f .'50; King of Arizona Mining com- that they will maintain the repU,a
Tuesday will hereafter be uu-atittu pany. 15.1.399 shares, possibly $r,.m: , tion of the American soldier as a
day and Wednesday wheatless day. M : Copper Siuritles Investment com-; first class tlghtm man. Jo credit to
T Grier, chairman of the hotel a;id i pany, 17.000 shares. $8.50; contrae'. for their flag, help to democratize theol.l
restaurant lomini'tec, has notil.ed dti ! legal services, $.")"H. In addition, a world and put an everlasting stop to
l.)tels and restaurants iu the state of half Interest in twelve mining claims j the kaiser s bloody work. Bowie En
this cuaugc. i and a mill bite, p'jssibly worth $:000. Herprisc. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 4, 1917.
r
r
EFFECT OF WAR HOT
FELT BY WEST AS
EASTERNERS FEEL IT
ENLiSTED MEN
GIVEN CHANGE
FOR EXEMPTIONS
Chas. R. Howe, chairman of the
6taie tax couiniUsion, has just return
ed from Allan ut, ua., wneie tie auu
ed me tenth annual convention ol tee
National tax congress.
Aside from the educational value
that the trip brought to Mr. howe, as
a tax commissioner, he declares tuat it
was a revelation to him to bee U'jw
the east is going into me business ol
the war.
"Everywhere you go throughout the
east you have visual evidence that we
are at war. There are soiuiers every
where, and you can see heavy move
ments ol muniuons and military sup
plies. I recall oue district tuat 1
passed through where I saw line upon
line ot nat cars 'on me siumg pneu
nigh with sheas lor the big guns.
Tilde s no geiuiig away lioiu it, com
pared to the east, we out ueie uuu't
know tuere is a war on."
Successful Congress
In touching upon cue conierence of
lax commissioners, Mr. iiowe said, "it
was one of Uie njst successful conven
tions that the association has held.
There were 250 delegates present, rep
resenting every state in the union, and
some from Canada and Japan.
"Papers were read and discussions
carried on pertaining to taxes, a. id to
condiJons affecting taxes all over the
country. In reference to the war, ev
ery delegates realizes that we will of
necessity have to adjust ourselves i'j
new conditions that are bound to arise.
For instance, it is quite possible that
many ot the tax sources enjoyed now
exclusively by the state, will be taken
over by the federal government as
sources for war revenue. Such a tax1
as the inheritance tax is, for example."
Put on Important Committee
Mr. Howe was elected a member of
the resolu-lons committee of the asso
ciation, a very Important position in
view of the fact that this committee
has a large share in the planning of the
business of the next convention.
The place of the next convention has
nV: been decided as yet, but it is
known that Salt Lake City is making
strong bids for the honor. Arizona Republican.
RECRUITING OFFICE
HAS BEEN OPENED
FOR BRITISHERS
Enlisted men who feel as tL'jugh
t'.iey were created unfaiily when
they were drafted, and who feei
they did not have, a full, fair and
complete hearing by their local
boards in support of their local
for exemption, will be given another
opportunity to present and prove
their claims. These men also will
ha.e an opportunity to hare their
ca ea reviewed by division head
Quarters.
Lach applica:jn for ' discharge
must originate with the soldier in
camp, who win write a letter to the
division commander, through his
company commander, in which his
claims shall be clearly stated and
substantiated with full and compleu
proof 'of the grounds for exemption
in the form of aitldavits from de
pendents, and Other responsible persons.
The men have until December 15 to
forward such claims to the division
commander, and if they are unable to
secure the proper affidavits within
such time they must forward their let
ter and state additional proof will fol-
.'jw at a later date.
Application for discharge will be
considered from soldiers where the
reason has arisen since their induc
tion into the service. For instaroc.
should a soldier's father die, leaving
his mother absolutely - dependent
npon him for support, his application
for discharge will be looked imVt.
Whenever a case like this comes up,
the men may apply for Jieir discbarge
at any time, and it is within the prov
ince of the division commander to
either keep them in the service or let
them go.
Men who cannot unquestionably
prove their claims, 'or who have had
the opportunity to and did not sub
mit all their proof to the local boards,
need not apply for discharge, because
their claims will be denied. This is
the latest official order regarding the
discharge of drafted men.
Mrs. Sutter Dies
Very Suddenly
Major C. S. Manchester, officer com
manding Pecific coast division, British
and Canadian' recruiting mission, re
cently made a tour of Arizona, and
wag so impressed with the possibilities
of obtaining men for the service la
Arii-Vma that on his return jo head
quarters in San Francisco he organ
ized a party of oificers and men to
proceed to different cities in Arizona
to carry on the good work.
The personnel of the party is as fol
lows, with the names of the cities
where offices will be opened:
Officer in charge, Lieut. J. A. Cro
rier. Phoenix, Sergt. J. E. Mitchell.
Tucson, Serg;. E. Blinman.
Globe, Sergt. Maj. J. H. Smith.
Clifton, Sergt. D. McKenzie.
Private D. Eury will remain tempo
rarily at Phoenix, which will be the
"bub" for the work of the entire
state.
All these men have Feen service at
the front and can teil very interesting
tales of what happened "over there."
The intention is to use the I'nitea
States army recruiting offices as much
as possible, as arrangements have
been made with the federal govern
ment to assist the British and Canadi
an recruiting mission with their ma
chinery. "There is no reason whatsoever,"
Major Manchester states, "to hinder
any man from enlisting, as all ex
penses in connection with Ms going
forward will be paid and any de
pendents that lie may leave properly
cared for during his absence. AH he
has to do is to apply at one of my of
fices, or at any L'nited States re
cruiting office in the state."
Mrs. Fred Sutter died at Albuquer
que, New Mexico. Saturday night
about 12 o'clock, according to a tele
gram just received, as the result of a
relapse which occurred a week ago.
Even to those who knew that Mrs.
Sutter had been In a critical condition
fcr the past week, and that Judge Sut
ter had been called to her bedside, the
news of her death came as a sbbek.
While visiting her parents at Wins-
i low t month ago, Mrs. Sutter was
I takei suddenly ill with peritonitis, and
! had fa be removed to the hospital at
i Albuquerque, where she was under
the care of Dr. Minor, a former Bis
I bee physician. Her condition appear
! ed to be improving until a relapse oc
curred and Judge Sutter immediately
left for Albuquerque, where he remain
ed at the bed side until her death.
Mi. Sutter had been a resident of
Bisbee for 10 years, having come here
with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. John
McGavock. She became the bride of
Judge Sutter in June, 1912; she leaves
two infant sons, Fred junior, three and
a half years old, and Jared, aged two.
Friends met Judge Sutter at Osborne
last eight, as he returned from New
'Mexico w ith the remains. The funeral
is to take place from the Episcopal
church tomorrow afternoon at 2
o'clock, Rev. Brewster officiating.
SITUATION OX THE ITALIAN FRO.VT "
Vtrent YJfSsS
J& .ML v.tto
volt, j . Cjgj
H momtasnana d3HVM HK.-
MANTUA VJ-ry EE
S to is -u is-
ftiue. itlZ ar
For iany days the Austro-Germans have brought ere? M ressure to
'bear against the Italians in the north (1). The latter haw pulsed all
; attacks in this region and the entire Italian line (2), reinforces by British
and French troops, bids fair to hold out indefinitely against the offensive
of the invaders.
AMATEUR VAUDEVILLE
AT ROYAL THEATRE
"Amateur night" at the Royal has
become duite popular among the theatre-goers
of the cUy, and as each suc
ceeding week brings out new and bet
ter talent the public interest in
creases, and it looks like Manager
Norcross will soon have to seek larger
quarters In which to display tbe excel
lent artistic talent which the amateur
nights are bringing to light.
Last Tuesday night many were dis
appointed at the failure of "Mutt and
Jeff" to make their appearance as was
advertised. It being impossible for
them to take their place on the pro
gram on account of the illness of
Mutt " who is still slightly under the
weather. Whether or not this act will
be staged tonight could not be ascer
tained. In any event the Royal manage
ment assured the writer that the acts
scheduled to appear tonight have been
selected with great care and it will
no doubt be a hard matter for the
judges to decide which one of the
different contestants for the honors
of the evening is entitled to the prize
which Is offered every Tuesday even-
ng for tbe best attraction.
Succeeds Lafe General Maude
CCNCRA,. SIR W. R. nRSH-
General Sir W. R. Marshall, who has
- succeeded tbe late General Maude In
: command of the British forces in
I Mesopotamia.
LEFT FOR IOWA.
A. C. McCoduck left yesterday morn
ing for Des Moines. Iowa, where he
was called on important business matters.
THROUGH TO TOMBSTONE.
Deputy Sheriffs Bowden and Patter
son were In the city early yesterday
morning on their way to Tombstone,
where they went as witnesses in three
bootlegging cases that were set for
trial in the superior court today. They
had two other witnesses with them.
FUNERAL SERVICES.
The funeral -of D. J. Kennedy, who
died Wednesday night, will be held at
the Eiks' lodge rooms at 1 p. m. to
morrow. The services will be con
ducted by the Odd Fellows lodge of
which Mr. Kennedy had been a
member for 35 years. He was also a
j member of Uie local Elks' lodge. The
funeral was postponed to Wednesday
in order that a son-in-law might come
from a distance to be present at the
last rites.
Huye Monument
Is Unveiled In
Memory of Warren
The unveiling Sunday of the monu
ment erected in memory of George
Warren, the man who discovered the
copper fields of the Warren district,
was attended by several hundred peo
ple. Mayor Jacob Erlckson made the
opening address at the resting place
of George Warren and at its close,
while the C. & A. band played "Near
er, My God, to Thee," the massive
piece of marble that will withstand
many winters was unveiled to the
world.
Henry C. Siillman of Douglas, an
old settler of the Warren district,
who was personally acquainted with
George Warren, made a short address
after the shaft had been unveiled.
Mr. Stillman paid tribute to the
memory of George Warren, and told
of the generosity of the man. Warren.
Mr. Stillman said, was one of the
men who blazed the trail through this
almost limitless country and help set
tle and make fit for habitation this
wonderful territory that Is now in
cluded In the Warren district.
RETURNS TO POWER
IN NEW YORK JAN. 1
r
AO
lamooo
'The Gift Supreme
771
mm
See Our Blue White Perfect
Specials at $100.00
LIBERTY BONDS ACCEPTED AT PAR
WATKINS & BERGQUIST
The Reliable Jeweler
,J
i n
t J -V -
v i 7
i I - f '
I1 I ST r ' '
! 1 : xx :
Charles Francis Mnrphy.
! Charles Francis Murphy will be
the bifirest political figure in New
i York after January 1. As boss of
I Tamrrtany Hall, which won a great
I victory at the recent election, he will
i have more to say about the running
of the American metropolis than any
other one person. This is Murphy's
most recent photograph. .
IT IS UP TO DRAFT
MEN TO REMAIN IN
TOUCH WITH BOARD
Men of military age who have reg
istered for service in the national
army need not expect the j,jvernmen'.
to hunt tbem up to answer the ques
tions in the questionaire, which doc
ument is to he mailed to all
at their last address on December 15.
It is the duty of the registrants to
keep the government Informed as to
their address and to know what is re
quired of them by the new regulations.
Failure to. do so may bring a penalty
down upon the heads of the delin
quents. The l'jllowing notice is re
gard to this matter was received yes
terday by the local board, which had
been sent by General Crowder to Gov
ernor Campbell and the copy forwarded:
Washington, D. C, Mv. 29, 1917.
Governor of Arizona,
Phoenix, Arizona:
Please cause the broadest and most
extensive and continuous possible pub
licity to be given through the adjutant
general, local and district board, the
newspapers and by all other possible
means of warning to all registrants
wl'j may have changed their plr.ces oi
abode and postoftice address to com
municate immediately with their local
boards where they are registered and
fnrnish their present addresses so tha:
questionaires which will begin to oe
mailed December 15 will reach such
registrants without delay. Registrants
are bound by law to keep themselves,
advised of all proceedings in reupect
of them, and failure to do l'j may re
sult in their losing right to claim ex
emption or discharge. Please request
newspapers to give this warning broad
and continuous publication from this
time until the process of mailing ques
tionaires has been accomplished.
CROWDER.
VT7
dlvice to
TP arents
Teach your children the value of money
by encouraging them to save systemati
cally. Open accounts for them in this Strong
Bank starting them on the saving road
which wjll mean so much to them in
later life.
Bank with us.
Safe Deposit Boxes for Rent
Annual Memorial
Service of Elks
Was Held Sunday
One of the most impressive and
gorgeous ceremonies that has been
held in Bisbee for some 'time was the
annual memorial services of the Be
nevolent Protective Order of Elks
he'd at the Orpbeum theatre Sunday
atfernoon. Tbe occasion was to pay
tribute to members who passed over
tbe great divide during the past year.
Tbe solemn ritual of the Elks lodge
was carried out. The exercises were
started with a musical selection and
then an address by the exalted ruler.
An elaborate program o instrumental
and vocal selections was arranged for
the occasion and carried out.
Nineteen members of the local
todge are now in the army of de
mocracy fighting for America. This
fact was brought out by Henry C.
Stillman of Douglas, formerly a resi
dent of this place and one of the
charter members of the Bisbee lodge.
In former years the annual memo
rial services of this lodge were held
exclusively for members of the lodge,
but an exception was made this year
and tbe general public was invited,
which resulted in the Orpheum thea
tre being crowded to its capacity. The
services were concluded by the entire
audience singing "Auld Lang Syne."
Five members of the local lodge
died during the year. They were:
William C. Rector, I. P. Hickey, J. K.
oe, John Cox and Daniel J. Ken
nedy, the latter dying last Thursday
morning.
. At the close of the services the!
Elks in a body repaired to the ceme
tery, where they attended the unveil
ing of the monument dedicated to the
memory of George Warren.
The memorial services were in i
charge of Sam Frankenburg, and
much of the credit for the success j
of the affair is due him. - j
VOLLEY BALL IS PROVING
INTERESTING AT Y. M. C. A.
MANY WOMEN USED
IN ROUND HOUSES
(By Review Leased Wire)
SEATTLE, Wash., Dec. 3. Approx
imately ,300 women are employed as
engine wipers in various northwest
ern round houses of three transconti
nental railroads, tbe Union Pacific,
Northern Pacific and Chicago, Mil
waukee & St. Paul, according to esti
mates made in railroad circles here.
The women receive the same wages
as the men, 12.50, $2.85 and $2.95 per
day.
mm
OF FIRE BURNING
OR BURGLARS
Stealing your private papers and valuables when you
shut the home for the summer.
There's Absolute Safety for both when protected
by our modern vaults
Private safes rent for $500 and up yearly.
Think this over then see.
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street.
Will E. McKee, President.
Bisbee, Arizona.
C. A. McDonald, Cashier.
Wl&lSSerijat raarvelously awvet and II I Ji f( J lie j
lSgjPQMKAlpenmating fragrance. V Jl fill'' UL
J5lJ On trial will conrmt IK Sjf 1 1 ' J Z? b
CftYTV-r.-TV T"" that Munnello I I 1 1 I 1 1 V - ?
.ZTJr1 'CVvtX Odon ctoI 111 mrif IL 1 f 1 f '
Qcsfi A. Qx aad Uan """ JM v i i ?c?f
You Csn Cet 5.C0O ta 10.CC3 More ftlltes
out of them by using Gates Half-Sole Tires.
We will put them on for you and change your old tires
into new ones at about one-half the price you would
have to pay for new tires. J
Ypur tire comes into our plant, worn and scarred
.from service, and we deliver it back to you the same
tire made oversize and with a brand-new non-skid
tread of fresh rubber. ; Not a. square Inch of your old.
tire will be in sight, and you will notbe able to tell.it,
from a new tire. K "
EATES'TJDELS
Areataciutely guaranteed (or 3.500 miles of waiwHfcoit a
pamctsu- and m.iny uwrs arc awtraglng from 6. COO to 10.000 aiiks.
You cannot set that kind of SrntJi.rvtc Irom any tir on In'
market without paying two or three times the costof a Gates.
Half-Sole Tire. . - -- --f-
LET US SHOW YOUi
Don't throw awav another worn tir until mm kjw. iMuMt.l
th ates Hali Soie. If you are paying the tire bill you will be iaH
terrrfed and we are ready to show you how to keen in your own i
pocKe,! a 1 pan or tnecon ot new trrr and get better tire wrvice
i.ian you nave ever naa oeiorc me guarartw it.
LOVVELL MOTOR CO.
McDonalds Marinello Shop
Phone 305
MOTHER'S FRlEriD
FOR
Expectant Mothers
!AXS TKZ EASIER
Volley ball in creatine great inter
est these dayn at the Y. M. C. A. Thei
Five o'clock olub is in a mighty con
flict to last to January l. C. B. Whit
well and P. H. Whelan are captains
of the forces in the contest. The
Whitwell team consiHts of C. B. Whi-
well (captain). Dr. O. R. Black. B. R.I
Metcalf, Sergeant Kopf. Iter. Death-1
erldce. H. Bwkett and Oor?e Cobbe. j
The Whelan team is composed of the'
following men: P. H. Whelan (cap
tain). A. B. Richardson, J. N. Kendall,'
K. K. . Bennett, Daniel Shirck. J. B.j
Potter and G. A. Graves. The con-
test Ib for points. Five sanies have
riem plHjcd with a to'ul of 175 points. j
The Whelan trtm won S9 points and,
e Whitwell team 86 points. Here'
is a chance for some real clssny plar-i
!nc and some of the players are al-i
ready Hhowin some style. If you can't!
make the Five o'clock club, join the'
Elfcht o ('lo k club. A voPey ball con-i
teat Is also under way in that class. )
If you prefer basket ball. Join the'
senior cIhsh. which mee's Mondays
and Thursdays from J to !::tO p. m..j
or pet busy with your team for the!
City Basket Ball league.
if- f'
f J
urn
I mm M
I n m tea
Pltffi
1
WATi
1NG
BY
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
1
wl r . t 1 . 1 I
L 'Ty ltle Proces neaung water ror aomestic purposes ebs occn rcT
"T.S olutionized in the past few years through the introduction and
Tl nrfirfinn nf ca fired water heaters, until today it is no lonseT
a.
a problem to secure an abundance ot hot water quickly and econo
mically, in any dwelling, large or smalL
Today, in the countless thousands of homes where gas fired water heaters are in
stalled, an abundance of hot water ia available for any purpose- By some types of heat
ers the water is heated instantly at the turn of a faucet, by others, within a few min
utes after lighting the heaters, and all without labor, inconvenience or discomfort, ind
at a reasonable cost for gas.
LET US SHOW YOU
Bisbee Improvement Co.
saaalTarg-ia
A I SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 4, 1917.
I Mining and Financial News
Y hCVIEW
NEW YORK STOCKS
NEW YORK, I)er. 3. In the ab
sence of definite or Kptn ilic develop
ments over the week-end. the extreme
lassitude of today's stock market was
attributed to the reopening of con
gress tomorrow. Indications that war
appropriations by the nation's law
making body are to assume record
breaking proportions sufficed to ilmit
operations to tte meater total of 275.
000 shares.
Trading centered around less than
a score of leaders in the railway and
Industrial groups. The latter wero
irregular with occasional epells of
steadiness, but rails lagged, coalers
and Pacifies yielding 1 to almost 2
points.
New low records were .made by St.
Paul preferred at 72 and Union Pa
cific preferred at 70. Pennsylvania
was freely offered in larse lots down
t-i 45, repeating its recent minimum,
and numerous other rails came within
fractional approach of their lowest
quotations.
Prominent sfeels, coppers and the
more distinctive war issues reacted 1
to almost 3 points. Pullman dropped
4 points and General Motors and
Studebaker l!-4 to 2. Many hitherto
active rails and equipments remained
unquoted throughout the session. -
The irregular strength Marine pre
ferred. Maxwell Motors, Central
Leather and Harvester was traceable
to the operation of pools. United
States Steel registered a net loss of
of a point at 91; Bethlehem Steel
E. forfeited 2 points at 76.
Additional October1 earnings of rail
roads were again adverse. New York
Central showing A net loss of $1,363,
000. and St. Paul $1,222,000.
Ponds were heavy on restricted
dealin.es. Liberty 4's changed hands
at 97.79 to &7.S2 and the 3&'s at 98.90
to 99.
Total sales, par value, aggregated
$3,225,000. United States bor.ds, old
issues, were unchanged on call.
GRAIN STOCKS
CHICAGO, Dec. .Bulls had an ad
vantage today, owing largely to ac
ceptance of opinons that for the pres
ent the likelihood of enlarged receipts
had been discounted more than
enough. Prices closed nervous, to
l4c net higher, with January $1.20
to $1.20 and May $1.18 to $1.19.
Oats gained 1 to 2c.
The finish in provisions ranged
from 10c decline to a rise of 2c.
Notwithstanding that rural advices
tcld of heavier shipments, and despite
the fact that the trade continued to
expect much more liberal arrivals in
the near future, the fact that receipts
of corn today were of only moderate
volume had an evident tendency to
make sellers cautious. Offerings were
scarce throughout the session, and it
was noticeable that predictions' of ex
cellent weather failed to bring about
any change in pit sentiment.
Fresh buying for export interests
put the oats market on the upgrade.
Provisions averaged hieher with
hogs and grain. Realizing sales, how
ever, weakened the market during tne
last half hour.
COTTON MARKET
NEW YORK, Dec. 3. The cotton
market today ciosed easy at a net de
cline of 10 points on October and 41
to 53 pcinti on other months.
METAL MARKET
NEW .YORK. Dec. 3. Lead,
quiet; spot, 6.37'4. Spelter, quiet;
spot East St. Louis delivery, 7.62 to
7.80. Par silver, 85.
OATMAN
(Dy Collins & Bretherton)
Adams '.. .02
Arizona Rex
Arizona-Tom R 02,
Gold Ore .24
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff .. '
Lucky Boy 02
Sunnyside 02
Telluride 07
Tom Reed 89
United Eastern 3.80
United Northern 09
United Western 02
Red Lion
.03
.25
.06
.26
.05
.15
.03
.10
.94
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden 1.S7
Gteen Monster 75
Butte London la
2.00
.81
.17
ARIZONA
Bisbee Copper Co.
PER SHARE
FOR SALE BY
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize in Jerome
and Oatman Stocks.
P. O. BOX 1129 PHONE 26
50c
eefnc
LEASED WIRE
Dundee 62 .75
Venture Hill 10
Pius-Jerome 37 .62
Jerome Verde , 69 .SI
Ark-Arizona 05 .10
Jerome Portland 45
Ins-Needles 06 .12
Hull Copper 34 .38
Magma Chief 37 . 44
Wolverine-Arizona 1.C0 1.60
Miami Mother Lode .50
Verde Com 62 .75
Miami Con 04 .08
Ariz-Bisbee Copper .00
fiutte Arizona v.. .03
Santa Cruz Eisbee 27
Jerome Daisy .50
Nacozari Con I .42
Verde Apex 13 .15
Calumet and Jerome 1.31 1.43
Feather River Gold 25
NEW YORK
Closing Quotations, December 3, 1917
(By L. J. Overlook)
Anaconda 57V4
American Can 34
American Car 66
American Locomotive 52
American Smelter 74Vfe
American Sugar 95
Baldwin 54
Beth B 76
C. and O 46
C. F. and 1 34
Canadian Pacific 132
Central Leather 65'4
Crucible 53
Distillers 34
Erie ." 14
Goodrich 36
General Motors 87
Industrial Alcohol 110
Lackawanna SO
Maxwell 28
Midvale 42
.Mexican Petroleum 78
New York Central 68
Northern Pacific 84
ReeCing 694
Rep Steel 76
Rubber '. 53
Studebaker 44
Steel 91
Steel Pfd 108
St. Paul 37
Southern Pacific 81
Sinclair Oil 31
Texas Oil 142
Union Pacific 111
U. S. M 45
Westinghouse 38
BOSTON
Adventure
Allouez
Allouez Commercial ...
Alaska ,
American Zinc
Butte
C. and A
C. and H
Chief Range
Chino
East Butte
Granby . .
Green Can
Goldneld
Hancock
Indiana
Inspiration .
Kennecott
Keweenaw
Lake
La Salle
Miami
Mayflower ... ..m
Mowhawk
Nevada
East Butte
Nip
1
51
11
2
13
17
64
428
43
41
10
65
37
40
8
- 1
43
31',S
1
6
2
38
2
57
17
13V4
8
39
59
17
63
22
19
5
3
12
75
Old Dominion ..
Osceola . . . ...
Pond Creek ...
Qulney .
Ray Con
Shatturk
Shannon
Superior Boston
Utah Con
Utah Copper ...
CURBS
Arkansas and Arizona 6
Austin
Arizona Silver King
Big Ledge 1
Butte and London 15
Calumet and Jerome lj
Cornelia ... ... 15 !
Con Arizona 1 j
Con Copper Mines 7
Curtiss 29 j
Denn 18
Dundee '
Emma
Gadsden 1
Green Monster
Green Island 11
Hull 34
Howe Sound 3
Hecla 4
Inspiration Needles
Magnate .' ,
Jerome Victor
Jerome Portland 50
Magma Copper 45
Magma Chief
Miami Con 4
Pitts Jerome
Ray Here 3
Santa Rita
Tom Reed 89
United Eastern
Verde Extension . . '.
Verde Combination
West End
Wolverine Arizona
White Caps
3
33
63
1
Wright Martin 7
NEW YORK. Dec. 3. Nothing of
importance 'developed over Sunday
and prices opened practically un
changed, with a very dull market
throughout the entire session.
The doings along legislative lines
are expected to be rather far-reaching
in the sense that they will have much
rT
lye
Works
Additional Oty Briefs
FOR LOS ANGELES
Mrs. H. L. McCoy left last night on
the Golden State Limited for Los An
geles. FOR LOS ANGELES
C. P. Ingram left Sunday evening
for Los Angeles, where he expects to
remain for some time.
FOR LOS ANGELES
O. F. Jeneau and J. McWhorter were
booked out for passage on the Golden
State limited last night.
FOR AJO
G. H. Fitzgerald left Sunday for
Ajo. where he expects to remain for
several days on a business visit.
LEFT FOR FRISCO.
George R. Harris was an outgoing
passenger Sunday night for San Fran
cisco, where he expects to remain for
some time.
FOR CALIFORNIA
Mrs. M. Ward left Sunday evening
for L'js Angeles and other southern
California towns, where she will spend
the winter months.
GONE TO AJO v
J. Tracy was an outgoing passenger
on Sunday night, for Ajo, where he ex
pects to enter the employment of the
New Cornelia company.
SPENT SUNDAY HERE
Miss Viva Villman spent Sunday
here on a visit to her sister. Mrs.
George Kellogg. She returned home
yesterday to Tombstone.
TO WORK FOR FUND
Mrs. C. S. Thompson leaves this
morning for Clirton and Morenci,
where she will speak in behalf of the
Y. W. C. A. war fund drive.
RETURNED HOME.
Mra. Ed Nevin was in the city yes
terday on her way home to Tomb
stone from Douglas, where she has
been visiting friends for the past few
weeks.
THROUGH TO TOMBSTONE
Supervisor Jack Sparks was in the
city Sunday evening on his way from
Douglas to Tombstone to attend the
regular quarterly meeting of the board
of supervisors.
GONE TO CLIFTON
Mrs. F. E. Shine left town Monday
morning for Clifton end M.wncl.
where she will make preliminary ar
rangements for the Y. W. C. A. war
work meeting, at which Mrs. C? S.
Thompson of this city will be one of
the principal speakers.
GONE TO DALLAS
Sam H. Level!, who for the past
year has been employed in the C. &
A. offices at Warren, left yesterday for
Dallas, where he w?ill become night
auditor of the Adolphus hotel. Sam
has been very popular amVmg the
younger set of the Warren district and
his leavetaking will be felt by many.
FROM COURTLAND.
Robert W. Gibson is in the city from
Courtland for a few days on mining
business. He reports that camp as
being quite lively at the present time
and that the leasers are all making
good money, and that quite a number
of care of ore are being shipped every
week from there to fJie Douglas smelt
ers. FUNERAL SERVICES WEDNESDAY
The funeral services over the re
mains of John Edward Wuchta, the
eleven-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs.
Joe Wucbta of Lowell, will be held
on Wednesday mornin- from the Hen
essy undertakine parlors at 10:30.
Rev. Manrtin will officiate. The de
ceased died from kidney trouble.
DRIVE PLANS COMPLFTF
Arraneemnnt" n ro-acticallv cm
nleted for the Y. W. C. A. drive for
Its excess leavening
power stands one in
good stead when mak
ing war breads and
cakes. 25c pound.
Crescent
Double Acting Baking Powder.
to do with shaping sentiment in re
spect to the course of security prices
and things in general. Along with de
velopments in congress, the interna
tional situation must also be consid
ered, and the market tendency is
likely to be somewhat irregular. We
are among those who rather believe
that if new legislation be enacted it
will undoubtedly be conducted along
constructive lines.
LOGAN & BRYAN.
We Clean
and Press
SUITS
iholdixg Germans
' ALONG THE 1MAVE
' Since becoming commander-in-chief
of the Italian armies as suc
cessor to General Cadorna. General
Diaz has firmly held the Austro
Germans in check along- the line of
the Piave. Genera) Diaz is rated as
one of who ablest military leaders
and has been connected with the
Italian general staff for years. !
the war fund which will take place
December 6 to 8. The town has been
divided into districts smiliar to those
uapff in th T.ihprtv loan drive, ami a
captain appointed to each district. The
captains are to meet at luncheon at ;
the cafeteria ach day of the drive and i
report the progress made.
FROM RANCH
Ernest Graf was in the city yester-
day from his ranch in the vicinity W
Huchuca Siding. He reports cattle in
that section as being in good condi.
tion. but thaf the wells and water
holes are drying up and that ranchers i
in that locality have been compelled to j
tnotall no online AnfrinaQ t A nnmn vfltpr
f .hJn tw h.. hm n .haenre
of wind to run the windmills also.
i
General Armando Diaz. !
HOUSES BROKEN INTO I tnat ne has niade against odds that
Sunday night some time the homes j were against him has been most re
of James E. Pyna and J. McAllister, j markable and were it not Tor his
near Lowell, were entered and some , strong physical condition and his men
jewelry and a 45-calibre six-shooter ; tal strength he would have succurab
Btolen. No clothing was taken and it'ed to the assassin's bullet.
was evident from the manner in which :
the bouses were searched, that the : Dr. A. C. Wright, formerly of foug
thieves were looking for money. The lias and Mexico, is acting superintend
officers have a slight clew to the ! ent of the company hospital at Ajo
thieves and hope to make some murth-1 during the absence of Dr. l'tttec, reg
er developments today. j ularly in charge of that institution.
ATTENDING MINING CONGRESS.
Quite a number of the prominent
mining men of the Warren District
are in Phoenix this week to attend the j
meeting of the Arizona Chapter of the I
American Mining congress which be-i
gan its sessions there yesterday. ;
Among those from here in attendance ;
are James P. Hogdson, governor of .
the organization for this state; Joseph,
E. Curry, secretary; G. H. Dowell,
Fred IV Bergonier, L. C. Sliattuck, T.
O. McGrath.
WAS IN TOMBSTONE
Chairman Vance J'jhnson f of the :
hnarfi nf finnprviunre waa In fhp. rrilintv
seat yesterday to attend the regular'
meeting of the board. Besides audit-;
ing the regular bills the board opened
the bids for tne building of a 'new
bridge at Benson across the San Pe-',
dro river; for furnishing two different i
classes of road graders and for the ;
furnishing of plans ixtr the remodeling .
of the branch county jails here and at
Lowell.
ON SHORT FURLOUGH.
Captain Walter Melgreen is spend-
ing a few days in Tombstone on a
visit to his family and his parents.;
He ia at present stationed at Fort!
Leavenworth with the engineers' ;
corps. He is greatly pleased with the :
army life and expects to leave his .
present post of duty soon after his
retu-.n to take a voyage across the i
water. Walter has many friends in
this section of the country who wish
him v eil in his efforts to do his bit for
his country.
HERE ON VISIT.
Dr. R. H. Thigpen, one of the physi
cians of the Cananea Copper company
at Cananea, is in the city for a few
days on a visit to friends and is stop
ping at the Copper Queen hotel. The
doctor is very much interested in the
present movements of one Villa, as
he has no personal life for that "hom
bre," as a few years ago he was cap
tured by his band and barely escaped
with his life. The doctor states that
Sonora Is not big enough to hold he
and Villa at the same time and that
he (Thigpen) is willing that Villa can
have it
SIDNEY OSBORN HERE
Secretary of State Sidney M. Osborn
What Do You Know
About Your Blood Supply?
xr
i our ignorance may siariie you.
Few people know of the many
functions of the blood supply, and
1'ust how important it is tnat it be
;ept absolutely free from all impuri
ties. The health of the entire body
depends upon the condition of the
blood. You are invited to write and
obtain a booklet that gives you some
invaluable information on this inl
fa A
is spending a few days in this city,
lie came up from l.Ouglas !asi night,
where he had been to deliver the Klks'
memorial address. Mr. Os'Kirn has
hosts of friends in thi? ciiy who are ,
alwnys lad to welcome him. He re- j
Inorts the Cnnitnl t'itv as le:r.r. nu!te
lively at the present tim i uml fh.it the I
j winter tourists are coniins In anil that
it is now hard to 'in.l a lion ; or rt-omii
for rent. Mr. 0;-,'icrn e.;iv-;s r le
main here until atfr tomorrow.
CITY IS ENRICHED.
On account of the round up conduct
ed by the city police officent on Sat
urday and Sunday nights, the city
was enriched the sum of $112.50 yes
terday. Red Larkins contributed $50
for leading a dissolute life; Norman.
Daley contributed $50 for the same of
fens. George Miskovich paid $10 for
speeding; G. H. Nichols $7.50 for traf-1
i flc violation. Two Mexicans were ar
! rested for being drunk and John Doe
forfeited $10 for disturbing the peace.
William Davey was given 100 days
i to think over the fact that whisky
was lound In his possession.
: PITIFUL CASE
A woman with four young children.
the oldest not over six years, yester-
tia anemiHiii canit? imu ir nunc ui
Judge High and asked for assistance.
Her husband, Daniel Ziegler. is alleged
j to have deserted her last March and
i left her with the four little ones, the
! youngest alvmt 18 months old, now be
jing sick. The woman was' sent to Col
orado from here a few months ago, but
came back here and is now in a pitiful
condition and will have to be helped
j by the local charities and the county.
; She is not strong and is not able to d'J
' much work. The children are all
; bright looking and it would be a bless
ing if they could be adopted into some
tne nomes in theWarren district
ON WAY TO RECOVERY
Advices were received here last ev-i
ening from EI Paso to the effect that
T. R. Brandt, cashier of the First
i a' """ ttl "u,7'""u ""
Perf ed "P0" "fa'a l
Sundy- th" th bu" hd. J b
moved and that it was discovered that
! hia Pe was intact and not injured
mill mat. "tr wa.i in-vicnur,
from the effects of the operation ard
that hopes were now entertained that
! he would fully recover
This will be
pleasing news to the many friends of
Mr. Brandt in the southwest. The fight
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Vote for the bond issue today.
Its success means not only better
reads, but better land values and
better business for the county in
general and the Warren district in
particular. Bisbee is the natural
population center of Cochise. Per
manent highways mean permanent
prosperity.
City Blacksmith
Shop
Under new management.
Expert horse shoeing.
Wagon work of all kinds.
Truck and wagon beds
made to order. Satisfac
tion guaranteed.
H. P.
FRIEDENRICHSEN,
Prop.
Legal Notices.
NOTICE OF HEARING PETITION
In the Superior Court of Coohise Coun
ty, State of Arizona.
In the Matter of the Estate of
Charles Cunningham Deceased.
Notice is hriby given iliat JJszie
-.",BJ "J r"
' ------ r- -- -- , - i-jun as me ihhi nm bhu i"mcm
last ill and Testament of Charle-s j of gaid Mar MOrria. who. said petit
Cunningham together with her n'i-i ioner alleges, is deceased, and that let
Uon praying that sa'.d -mcunient be ad . testimentarv Issue thereon to
mitted to probate in thiis Court as the
last Will and Testament cf said
Charles Cunningham who. said peti
tioner alleges, is deceased, and that
... .. .
poriam suoject. it tens now to keep,"
ine blood strong and free from the
many impurities to which it is con
stantly subject.
It gives the history of S. S, S, the
world's most successful blood remedy,
which has been sold for more than
fifty years by druggists everywhere.
This book will be sent free to all
who write to Swift Specific Co,
Dept. A Atlanta, Ga.
Shoe Repair
ing at Regu
lar jPrices!
Brawny
-OIL'
A Logical Prediction
The Jerome Verde Copper News, in its issue of November 29th,
under the heading "OUR OIL FIELD," prints the fotlowtng:
"Practically the last doubt that the Chino Valley field is to be
drilled for oil at an early date has been removed. Several of the
companies formed to exploit the field are financed to the point
where thfy are justified in putting up derricks and ordering rigs.
The interest that is being taken in Jerome, Phoenix, and elsewhere
in Arizona will make it easy for these companies to go right ahead
and put down wells without delay.
"Therefore we can took forward to and prepare for one of the
biggest oil booms in history. The new field is right at Jerome's
door and if the peoole of this camp fail to participate in the
enormous fortunes that are almost certain to be made it will be
their own fault.
"Little doubt exists that the companies which drill properly
in the Chino field will get oil in commercial quantities. In fact,
the chances are that they will get oil in greater quantities than it
has ever been found elsewhere, for nowhere else is there such a
bed of oil sand as the original well of the Chino Valley Oil Com
pany penetrated.
"Chino Valley is not in the position of the ordinary unexplored
field. It is pretty nearly proven already. Not one geologist or
practical oil man who has looked over the valley has turned it '
down. On the contrary, every one of them has endorsed it en
thusiastically. "Morevoer, oil has actually been found oil with gas pressure
so strong as to force it up through a 1900-foot column of water.
"The wonder is that Chino Valley has not been exploited before,
that it is not today one of the greatest producing oil fields in the
world. But we here on the ground who are in a position to partici
pate in the profits just ahead are not going to cry about past
neglect."
The Jerome Verde Copper News is, you might say, "on the
ground." They are in a position to know what can be expected
in the new CHINO VALLEY DISTRICT. And they are not given
to making rash predictions.
. The United Chino Oil 4 Refining Company, owning outright
960 acres of chosen ground in the Chino Valley, is offering its Is
sue direct, under permit from the Arizona Corporation Commission
which reads that at least 60 per cent of the money YOU PAY
shall be used in ACTUALLY DEVELOPING THE PROPERTY, and
'shall not be used for advertising or any other expense other than
ACTUALLY SEARCHING FOR OIL.
And Jack Bolin, George MacBean and Frank Brown will see
that your money DOES go into the ground. You know that you
can depend upon these men, who make Arizona THEIR HOME and
who have been prominently identified with public arfairs here for a
long term of years.
Now is the time to come in for a few dollar now is the time
to take a chance and help explore the Chino Valley. It ia the
pioneer who always reaps the rich returns in the Oil industry
and if you come in with the right kind of people, who will use your
money for development in the right way, you stand a good chance
of cleaning up a fortune from an investment of a few dollars.
ONLY $25.00 BUYS ONE THOUSAND SHARES
ONLY $100 BUYS FOUR THOUSAND SHARES
And only Four Thousand Shares might make you a Hundred
Thousand Dollars.
UNITED CHINO OIL & REFINING COMPANY
Office 15 North
PHOENIX,
JACK BOLIN, President FRANK BROWN, Vice-President
State Mine Inspector of Arizona. United States Labor Commissioner
GEORGE MACBEAN, Secretary-Treasurer
City Commissioner, Phoenix, Arizona
ORDER THROUGH YOUR BROKER
L.J.OVERLOCK
OR COMPANY'S AGENT AT
NUMBER 7 MAIN STREET
letters testamentary issue thereon to j office at Phoenix. Arizona. October
said petitioner, and that same will be j 27, 1917.
heard on Saturday, the I'tli day of Notice Is hereby given that . Ira E.
December. A. D., 1917. at 10 n iHock '. Loomis 0f Buena, Arizona, who on Sep
in the forenoon of said day tt the ; tember ,5 1914 made homestead entry
Court room of said Court, in the lour.i . . . na . ,
House, in the City of Tombstone,!
fnuniu nf r'nrhfno Jtalp nf Arizona. '
and all persons interested in caid es -
state are notified then and there to
appear and show cause. If any they
have, why the prayer of said petitioner
should not be granted.
J. E. JAMES.
Clerk.
C. L. ALLEN,
Deputy Clerk.
Dated, November 30, 1917. 610
NOTICE OF HEARING PETITION
In he Knnerior Court Of Cochise Coun -
tv
State of Arizona.
In the Matter of the Estate of Mary.
Morris, Deceased.
Notice Is hereby given that John 5?.
Williams, Jr.. has filed in this Court;
a certain document purporting to be (
the last Will and Ttestment of Mary j
Morris, together with his petition tnat '
' document he admitted in tnis
this.
said petitioner, and that same will be
heard on Saturday, the 15th day of
December. A. D. 1917. at 10 o'clock, in
the forenoVm of said day, at the court
room of said Court, in the Court House,
in the City of Tombstone. County of
Cochise. State of Am.na. and a!l per
sons interested in said estate are no
tified then and there to appear an 1
show cause, if any they have, titiy the
i prayer of said petitioner should not b
granted
J. E. JAMES.
Clerk.
C. L. ALLEN.
Deputy ClerV.
Dated, November 30, 1917. 609
025782 02S878
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. land
Gulcii
Second Avenue
ARIZONA
nwl-4 se 1-4, sec. 27; on October 12.
! 1914. H. E. 025867 for el-2 nel-4. nel-4
! sel-4. sw 1-4 sel-4, sec 27. township 21-s
; range'21-e, meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make three year prtoof. to
establish claim to thel and&bove de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor. U-. S.
commissioner, at Bisbee, Ariaona, on
the 4th day of December, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
m. A. Morris, of Buena. Arizona.
Frank B. Moson of Lewis Springs,
I Arizona.
i Cassius R.
Knbles, of Buena, Aria.
! Paul H. Knoles of Buena. Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN.
Register.
pj. publication, Ooctober 30. 1917.
Advertisement-201
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
, Department of the Interior. U. S. Land
office at Phoenix, Arizona,
Ntvem-
ber 17. 1917.
Notice is hereby given ttrat George
W. Keahey of Bisbee, Arizona, who. on
July 7. 1916. made homestead entry.
No. 030367, for township 22S. range
23 E. G. & S. R. B. & meridian, has Died
notice of intention to make three-year
prbof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor. C. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee.
Arizona, on the 26th day of December.
1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Edward E. Thomas of Bisbee, Aris.
Charles N. Thomas, of Bisbee. Ariz.
August F. Bornego. of Lowell, Ariz.
Keller Hogan, Bisbee. Ariz.
J. I IRVIN.
Register.
First Publication. Ntov. 23. 1917.
Last Publication, Dec. 26, 1817.
Adv-364
NEXT DOOR JO
RACKET STORE
PHONE sac '
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 4, 1917.
SEVEN
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under this bead at the rate of 1 cent per word (or each
lseae, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. AdTertisements must reach Th
Review offloe not later than 8 p. m. for Insertion In the next morning paper
Lodge Notices
1UUTISII FLIERS IN REPRISAL RRIXG MUCH RUIX TO OSTEND
BISBEE LOO IE. NO. 710
WEEK ENDI G, DEC. 8, 1918.
1 . I
: 4
r
- "
ft
4
Malt Help Wanted j
LEARN actual sutc repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C A., Los Angelas. Cat
alog free.
HELP WANTED Applications for
"Review" routes asked lor from
WIDE AWAKE bors between 13 and
16 years old. 1
WANTED Bell boy Copper Queen
Hotel. 48
SALESMEN WANTED Men who are
alive and capable of- putting over a
legitimate oil promotion In an ag
gressive manner. Strong Arizona
directorate and extensive publicity
backing, company selling its own
stock. Address Box 1351, Phoenix,
Arizona. Write or wire. 520
WANTED young man who can run
Ftrd. Inquire M. Levin Tailoring
Co., Lowell. 526
WANTED Dishwasher, at the Stag
Club. 618
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Chambermaid at Miners
Hotel. - 45
WANTED Lady to work and to help
tend store. Inquire HomeIndutry
Furniture Store, Lowell. -557
WANTED Reliable; wash lady, Mon
day mornings. Lowell Jewelry shop.
,. - ' ;. 655
WANTED Woman cook at American
cafe, Lowell. Must be experienced.
- . 583
WANTED Skilled woman stenogra
pher desires position. Tan-yeam
experience. Addrcas. Steporraphe.
Review. ' .S1
Wanted
WANTED To rent, small nicely furn
ished house, or housekeeping rooms.
Room 55, Copper Queen Hotel. . 5S6
WANTED Woman to work in private
boarding house. Mrs. N. Swing, 1
Tank Hill. 375
WANTED Typewriting to do at home
of evenings: Box 1370, Bisbee Ar
izona. 760
WANTED Telegraphers, stenograph
ers, bookkeepers; students earn
board, room tuition. Mackay Bust
, ness College. Los Angeles. 789
. r
WANTED Boarders In private family
Convenient to mines. Mrs. W. D.
Cone, No. 15, Jiggerville. 571
WANTED TO RENT By man and
wife, no children. Four room furn
ished hoase.-nrodern conveniences.
Good neighborhood. No hills to
climb. Address P. O. Box 2197. 585
WANTED Boarders in prtvte board
ing bouse, 183 Teniby Ave. 590
W' ANTED To rent, U oi 4 room un
furnished house on level or 3 un
furnished room apartment by man
and wife. Phone, Smith, La More
HouBe: 587
Positions Wanted
Al SOLICITOR wishes position of any
kind. Any capacity. Hostler. A. J.
C. Keview. . 618
Agents
I'VE A NEW LJNE of soap, extracts,
toilet goods, perfumes, etc.; for
agents. 100 profit. Sample free.
Write quick. Lacassian Co., Dept
92, St Louis, Mo. 547
rorSie
FOR SALE Improved
rancn in Bur-
phur Spriaxs Valley.
tiouse, iMin,
well and wiclaiil!. all fenced, oett
grazing land (n iho valley; uueem" Kt,NT Garase. Place for 2 cars. .
miles from 3Ub.H?. Apply to I. W.i
Wallace..
SSI
FOR SALE Cheap, one 1912 model F0R RENT One garage, light and
Studebaker strip down racer. A-l wter 85 per month. Playfair, 98 Ma
conditi'jn. Can see same after 6 1 8on Hl11- Pbone Blue 647.
o'clock p. m., big yellow house
across from Lore '.to school, ask for
Jack Dean.
S91
FOR SALE Good navine. small
ness. Suitable for t'j ladies. or
man and wife. Address business. I
Box 132, Bisbee. 578
FOR SALE or exchange for property
In Douglas Cabins. V care Review.
568 1
PETEY DINK The Crash
'f I vjowvfie. I 1 fcUK HEAD)
f&Z of a model r Hleff J
For Sale
FOR SALE 160 acres, good farming
. land In Sulphur Spring Valley. E
Sulger, C. & A. Office, Warren, 116
FOR SALE 5 Passenger Dodge tour
ing car, good mechanical condition.
5 good tires. Long Trail Garage,
Johnson Addition. 488
FOR SALE OR TRADE 160 acres 'jf
good land with 300 inches of watei
on it from Colorado river. This land
is located in Palo Verde Valley in Im
perial district in California. Land is
very best for anything. R. P. Kad
Ich. Box 3086, Lowell, Ariz. 48
FOR SALE 6 room house with 2 lot:
30x110, basement under whole
house. Concre:e wall all around both
lots. 45 bearing fruit trees. Ali
fenced with wire fencing. Garage,
barn and chicken houses. For fur
ther information call on tor address.
A. Parker, the Gyp block bouse build
er. P. O. Box 942, Warren. 315
FOR SALE Improved lot. Tombstone
Canyon. Payments, Box 641, city.
464
FOR SALE Kimball piano in good
condition $225. Box 2420, Bisbee.
. 539
FOR SALE SOda fountain and lunch
room- at a reasonable price. Very :ow
rent. Inquire Warren Dairy Lunch
Room, Naco Road, Lowell. 517 j
FOR SALE Comple.ely furnished I
house, 3 rooms, bath and sleeping I
porch, level ground. Phone Black 394
4
FOR SALE 5 rebm bouse and bath.
Apply Wm. Buckett, Mason Hill.
Phone Green 573. 481
FOR SALE A new Oakland 6 touring
car, never used S970 by G. L. Coats,
Meeilla Park. New Mexico. . 466 !
FOR SALE 1 new Ford engine built
especially for truck. Aluminum pis -
tons, latch piston, 3 leak proof rings,
bearings ground in Bosch Ford mag -
netos. Price $220. G. L. Coats, Mes-
ilia Park. New Mexico. 465
VACATION IN FRANCE permits some . "
lucky fellow to own brand new Ford I
roadster: run less than 200 miles. I
r-jiras. inciuaing new ures. and in
surance for one year, free with sale.
ask lor Mr. Meadows. P. D. store. I
Warren, between 1 and 2 Monday or ,
address Box 3113, Lowell. 584 I
FOR SALE Lease anT fu7nltu"re ofl
rooming house clearing $100 per 1
monrn. tor particulars, write Boy
2490.
554
'FOR SALE Tent 12x14, nearly new.
pnone 3&z.
570
FOR SALE Four rcfoms of furniture.
nouse to let Call after 7 p. m.. 23
TomsDne Canyon, across from Cas-J
tie Rock Studio. 605 1
FOR SALE Fresh milch cow. Behind , FOR RENT 2 furnished rooms. In
Brophy Canal, Lowell. Joe Diaz. ! quire Mrs. Byrnes, Postoffice. War-
603 , ren, Ariz. 572
FOR SALE or exchange a beautiful
residence in Los Angeles, for prop- j
erty in the Warren District For full
liaiucuisrs, aaaress f. J. aox 1Z54,
Bisbee.
582
To Exchange
EXCHANGE Stocks or mineraTcabi-l F? RfrNT""Tw ba,i1
net fnr n.m.ti n "1 " " 1 ' Mrs. Downs. :08 Tombstone Can.vi.it
........... xiuuu
lerrea.
State location. Address Box
280, Bisbee. . 559
For Rent
FOR RENT 3 room furnished house,!
237 School Hill. 519
tUKKtM- or sale. 3 room house.
pantry, cnicken house and pen. Rear
01 wsier tank, Miller Hill. 10 ner
uionm. uox 1874. 516
1
?ee Mrs. uanney, near graveyard,
Lowell.
478
! FOR RENT One four room house
Pnr Prch: Mrs ' Byraes-
Postoffice, Warren. Ariz. 573
bimi-lrrrr rtr.
VK "L.vi-loii-rii.n f-i.n-jhed
bouae- 170 Pcr Drit e
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
PAT CLEARY, painter. Member,
Builders' Exchange. Box 1195. 347 i
Came When Petey Saw the Model
ess. I '1 l A fe- AJhRV ,
j a whs v v r. . v - mm a1. . w i j
) .: ff ail' : : -
x v . - aif jt-a 5 i.-d .--w-v -wr-
j German officer inspecting a bomb crater in an Osh'nd strcrt.
The squadron of British fliers recently conducting an air raid over O.stend, the German base in Belgium,
as s reprisal for foe raids over London, brought ruin l.i !n-ny parts of the city. Tha first photograph taken
ince the raid shown a view of an Ostend street when- co:usi3a-:il le d.Tnaa had been done by British bombs.
Br reman of thoraach diittrihutloB
with the dni train in thr I nitrd
tnte mmd lowrr M-lllnc roots, rednced
prices nra now paaalble to
Eckman's
Alterative
FOR THROAT AND LUNGS
Btnhborn Conicha nnd Colda
Ko Alo-bnl. Ntraotio or Hxbit-formitm Drns
o S2 Size Sl .SUe
Now 81.50 Now 80 Cu.
Kckma-n Ijiboratorr. PhlladelDhla.
I '
1 ROCKHILL'S STAGE,
j . Bisbee-Tombsione, Leaves Bisbee
J Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a. m., 1:30 p. ni. 7
p.i8Senger cars. Careful drivers
p;,one. Bisbee 5. A'lv
Furnished Roorns
VOOSS HOTEL FurnisiiHl womf
I to lW w-ek nod up - 405
VOOSu HOTEL FurnUiifd
I? iW jr wek sort up -
j-qr KENT Furnished rooms suitable
i.jr one or two gentlemen. 55 Castle
Hill, or Phone 578. 541 ;
LARGE front t'jom newly furnished.'
ni9ni .-n hnds mnishine. swell. Ov
er Independent Feed Store, Up?"i
Main. 5.1
FOR RENT Housekeenine rooms.
OK street, fnon Red, K0. , i.53
FURNISHED CABIN wi:h
porch. Suitable for batching,
45 Hiuh Road.
screen
Apply
FOR RENT One large front room
with screened porch, suitable lor jne
0r two men, 101 Higsins Hill. 575
FOR RENT Housekeeping room, fur-
; nisned. Cement house. Back El
Paso House, Brewery Ave.
615
FOR
RENT Three furnished roon :s.
inquire Bifibee Furniture Co., O. K.
Street. .;.!
10.00 REWARD will be paid for the
Bisbee belonging to A. G. McGregor,
Warren. GC1
LOST Pair of classes, November 2?..
Please return to Helen Allison, and
receive reward. Box 1206
LOST Gold malchiie stick pin. Gil
man Floodgate car stop. Return to
Review; reward. C96
Miscellaneous
ETCPERT paper hangnr and painter. C.
t r,rant rllftn ,-, n" C7a
Money To Loan.
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building.
166
- vv " 1 k ii ri
1 i
Wm
'j
1
Centra! Duknunin.
' Oeneral Dukhonin.i-whe was re-'
Icertly Eppointed commander-in-chief
of the Kussian armies- by the Bolshe
viki, has been summarily doposed'
for his refusal to ask a preneral!
armistice of three months. - The an
nouncement was made in a procla
mation issued by Lenine and Ensipn
. Krylar.ko, newly appointed com-'i
niEnder-m-chief of tr.e people s com
missaries of war, and conveyed to,
,t!-j cm; nssadors of the uilies in
Pti. uiud.
BRITISH LABORS
DISLIKE AMERICAN
' SCIENTIFIC ECONOMY
LONDO.V.-tCorrespondrnce- of the
Associated Press.) "British workmen
are not going to subiait to scientific
cr elsewhere, declared the Arcnbit!-
op of York in a democratic speech on
the labor question lie delivered the
otl.er day in the house of lords. "They i
retraru it. as i'rusianizing inaustry
and they will resist lt.n said the Arch
bishop. . He declared that it was surprlf.lu?
there had been so little unrest an-.onp
British workmen and declared that
their higher wsecs had' been more or
le.is neutralized by higher prices which
they believed to be du to profiteer
Ing. They also had been harried nd
harr.i.sed, Jie said, by the confusioii
of recruiting and medical examina
tion orders and hy the suspension of
trade union regulutionK. Yet vast
numbers of them from overcrowded
houses in slums had come forward
with the greatest readiness to ti'.e
help of the country.
A
3
1 v
lit :
it. x, A s;
v x
fir n
-r w-ms"' urn
CHINA'S FLOOD DUE
TO CLOGGED CANAL
TECHOW, China (Correspondence
of tie Associated Press.) China's
Grand canal neslcrted and allowed to
silt up. Is largely responsible for the
prolonged flood which has brought
so much rain in north China.
As it now stands, the north section
of the Grand canal Is merely a catch
basin ' for the floodwaters of practi
cally, all of Chihli province and deliv
er the water into the Tientsin area,
where the - Pei river Is too small to
carry the floods to the sea.
The correspondent of the Associat
ed Prt-j who completed a tour of the
northern section of the Grand canal,
foun-1 it broken in many places on
both shores. The thousands of acres
of inundated country between Teh
chow and Tientsin constitute a series
of lakes which are continually feed
ing the Grand canal and delivering
flood water to Tientsin.
Rain is visible everywhere along
the lower reaches of the canal. Noth
ing has escaped disaster. The peo
ple of the cultivators of the rich farm
land which lies under water, have
sougnt charity In some. city.
Legal Notices.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
S. PATENT.
FOR U.
Mineral Survey No. 3374.
Serial No. 036635.
United States Land Office, Phoenix,
; October 31. 1917.
Notice i3 hereby given that R. A.
; Uretherton and C. M. Ilenkel, co-own-,
ers. whose postoffice addres3 is Bisbee.
' Arizona, have made application for
i patent for the following named lode
', mining claims, situated in ihe Warren
, Mining D.strict, Cochise county, Arizo-
na, in Sections 13 and 14, Township 23
' S, Kauge 24-E, unapproved. G. & S. It.
' B. & M., described as follows, to-wit:
I "ROCKLAND" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence the
Wl-4 cor. sec. 18 T. 23-S. R. 25-E, G. &
. 3. R. B. & M. bears S.78" T8' E. 3233.9
feet: thence N. 83 34' W, 1138.70 feet
; to corner No. 2; thence N. 78 20' W..
347.50 feet to corner No. 3; thence N.
2 14 '.W. 571 feet to corner No. 4;
.neuce g g
1' E. 1.500 feet to cor-
ner Xo. f; tlicnce S. 2' o4' E. 606 foet
j -.o corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
i containing a net area of 18.658 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey No. 3158. Rolla lode of
1.8f8 acres.
"BLACK BEN." Beginning at cor
ner No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence the
Vi'l-4 cor. of Sec. IS. T. 23-S. R. 25-E, G.
& S. R. B. & M. bears S. 80 03' E.
1737.2 feet; thence N. 78 20' W. 1150.
50 feet to corner No. 2; thence N. 65
23' W. 377.80 feet t corner No. 3;
thence N. 2 04' W. 530.40 feet to cor
ner No. 4: thence S. 78 20' E. 1500
feet to corner No. 5; thence S. 2 04'
j leu every t iiaj uihi, Mooe Hail.
i.-iuug bruiben. coriiiaily uivited
v R. TONKIN. DitUtor.
, KAX UOoa. becretarj.
jUNIOi OKDCR UNITED AMEftl
CAN MECHANICS.
Mecia in MeUtguxc-t
Hall, secoud and fourti
I ueUaJ eatcA ffluoi
lulling troth!'-
urns
r O. LANE, Councillor.
J L. BENTON. Recording Screix
wOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED 8TATES UR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L- O. L. NO. 2ia
Meets to L a
O. F. Hall firtt
and third
MONDAY
at 7:30 p. m
Visiting broth
era cordial!)
Invited to at
tend.
j ?FO SLEEMAN. W. M. ,
I ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
I P. O. Box 4z6. Bisbee.
; BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICN '
j YEOMAN
j Richard L Homestead 895, meets
second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows' hall. Visiting Archers are
. cordially invited.
MRS. C C. FINLAYSON, Foreman
I P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON, Correspondent
Box 1453.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
FRANK. BKUNING. C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM, K. of R. S.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Blbee Aerie, No. 175. F. O. E meet,
irsi and third MONDAYS. S. p. m
;agles H.J1. Visiters cordially "el
RICHARD DAVIS, President
C. L. EDMONSON. Aerie Physician.
' i 617.60 fee: to corner No. 1, the plac? )
; it beginning, containing a net area of
' :m.113 acres, expressly excluding area
, n conflict with Sunshine lode of this
urvey of 0.208 acres.
! "SUNSHINE". Beginning at corner
Vo. 1, the S. E. corner, whence the W
1-4 cor of Sec. 18. T. 23- ;.. R. 25 EL. G.
, & S. R. B. & M. bears S. 78 51' E. 6.-
J56 feet; thence S. 82 04' W. SC9.30
, 'eet to corner No, 2; thence N. 1 41
1 600 feet to corner No. 3: thence N.
il 48' E. 960.10 feet to corner No. 4;
; hence S. 1 41' W. 604.50 feet to cor
ner No. 1, the place of beginning, con-
sir.'ng a net area of 12.860 acres, ex-
ireasly excluding aera in conflict with .
arvey No. 2412, Apache lode of 0.217
icrej.
The location notices of these claims i
ire recorded in the office of the Coun- -ty
Recorder of Cochise county, Arizo-
:ia, as follows:
Rockland, Book 49, Record of Mines, j
yage 137. j
Black Ben. Book 49, Record of Mines
fage 132.
- Sunshine. Book 49, Record of Mines '
vase 139.
The names bf the adjoining claims to
Lhis survey are; on the north. Survey
No. 2412. Apache lode; Neglected and'
Vnnt. unsurveyed: owned by applicant!
herein; Warren lode, unsurveved; on !
ihe East Survey No. 3158. Rolla lode; i
on the South Survey No. 1794. Grentell i
lode; Survey No. 2176, Carmelita and I
Oorona rodes; Survey No. 2221 Shat-
ick No. 2; and Survey No. 3158, Car
nelita and Corona lodes on the West
Survey No. 1794. Calumet lode.
J. L. IRWIN. Register.
. irst publication. Nov. 7. 1917. j
Last publication, Jan 16, 1918. !
"That moisf.
AOVJTlE.
1
1
i
!
i
I
I
I I I
V I ;J .-rX-i"
I 1. m
I -v f
Wiinesday
f8x?r-
saiuraay aiarx Master.
n r b.i.uiiot w m
B T. W ATKINS. Secy. P a M
A M OLWELL. E. H P
K PHI LB ROOK T I V
I K Fl:v. E C
S DAVFNPURT. becretry fhlm
md (,mman'lry
" H BANKS. Secru.r I'xrancn
r. f. b.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
UUbe Lodge No
62 meets the
and 3rd Monday
of each moDtb a.
7:30 at Msdlgo
vlch Hall. Visit
us uiemir votaially Invited.
flllL. DAVIS. President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTL Treasurer
Box 722, TL , Red.
KATHEBXNE 8ALHOLM. Seers tary.
LODGE NO. 871.
Keen lax meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially Invited to attend.
R E. WARNER. Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY, Secretary.
PYTHIAN 8ISTER8.
Lliy Temple. No. 2 .meet every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows' Hall VishUns
Msters are corlially invited.
NNA HART. M. E. C
JEANET .SWEENEY. It, of R. C
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
- Meets in Medlgovlca Hall 2nd aad
tth Fridays of each month.
H4TTIE A LUKE. Gnardiaa
PAULINE F. BROWN. Clerk
P. O. Box C2L
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF 8ECUR
ITY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115
Meets every Second and Fourth Sat
urdays in the nronth at L O. O. F.
hall, 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited.
RNOLD SCHMID. President. P. C
Rox 3483. Lowell. Aria.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAT.
Secretary.' Ubwell
E. LINDQUIST.
nnancial Secretary. P. O. Box 3248.
Lowell.
BISBEE LODGE. No. 10 I. a O. F.
Meets e v e r v
WEDNESDAY
evening at Oris
Fellows HalL
Uain street at 7:00 p. m. VlslLac
; brothers cordially Invited V atend.
i Hal' pbone list.
GEO. M UNSET. N. G.
C D. KIRJ3Y. Secretarj
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first and third
Thursdays at 7:0 p. m.
in Medlgovich HaO. AU
visiting ad Men Invited
to atteno.
4
t.rK
Wm. DELB RIDGE. Sachem.
W. D. COHEN, Medicme Mas
F. C FENDERSON. C. of R.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Blsbe Camp No. 13416.
Meets first Tuesday sr
-4- n.M rollnwa Hull
R. L- MOTZ. ConrU.
H. F MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Hal
Pearl Chapter, Na C meets
In Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of sac"
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS. W. M.
Pbone 230. P. O. Box J41. Bisbee.
MRS JESSE BEVAN Sec y. P. a Box
"9. Chairman Relief Com. Phone 181
WOODMEN OF THE WOLD.
Lowell Camp Na 4 will
meet every WetKsCar
at 7:30. Bropby EaU.
H. C. LANDAU. C. C.
a a THOMAS. Clark
AU Woodmen Invited.
By C A. VOIGHT
7 rtfr&A
;smmD
I f ' '1 r;T?
x- m
B 'IT
ilr EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 4, 1917.
CAUL
trTi
GREATER STARS GREATER PLAYS CONTINUOUS FROM 12:00 TO 11 :C0
k II ji is '
RAL TREAT
RE!
TONIGHT
Starting at 6: IS
TONIGHT
Dl ik ' Ik -
USiSlS jt SilFOSlJIIiSS
i . IN
The Man. From Painted' Post
TRIANGLE PRESENTS
e&3ie iuove
IN THE HIT OF HER CAREER
The Newest, Latest and Greatest of Artcraft Notable Releases Will Positively Be Shown Today. In This "Doug"
Has Put More Speed to His "Draw." As the Lonely Man From Painted Post Who Goes Gunning for a Cattle
Thief and Gets a Girl And You Can Bet He is Right The re With the "Gun Stuff."
I ADMISSK
ADMISSION 15 AN6 25 CENTS
INCLUDING WAR TAX.
ADMISSION 15 AND 25 CENTS
A Delightful Story of Circus Life,
pany was Traveling With
Actual Realistic Scenes Taken While This Com-
COLE BROS. CIRCU!
ALL-STAR TRIANGLE COMEDY
SWEEPING THE COUNTRY LIKE A PRAIRIE FIRE
METRO'S SENSATIONAL PATRIOTIC SPECTACLE
WITHOUT BATTLE SCENES
DRAFT 358
DIRECTED BY WM. CHRISTY CABANNE, THE MAN WHO MADE -THE SLACKER." .
Starring MABEL TALIAFERRO
SEVEN ASTONISHING ACTS
EAGLE THEATRE Wednesday and Thursday
EAGLES' BA
MUSIC BY ORCHESTRA ADMISSION 1C and 15 Cents WAR TAX 1 and 2 Cents
-at
EAGLE
H A
WEDNESDAY
EVENING,
DECEMBER 5th
ll'iJ
ill
I
TOMORROW
Douglas Fairbanks in the Man From Painted Post
f Orph
1 Ml r" J
City Briefs
eum
Tonight Only Commencing 6 : 1 5 P. M. Tonight Only
1 TRIANGLE KAY-BEE PRESENTS I
1 IN jj'
A Thomas H. Ince Supervised Production. Also f i
J ALL-STAR TRIANGLE COMEDY jj
A L M I 5 5 1 U N 10 AND 15 CLIN 1 5
MiiMiMin ii' ii hi iiiii " ir wjLdTji
. , ,
ITna nnvnnn visited tout Or
have you entertained? If bo. call
I the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor. Phone 39.
'
; FROM HUACHUCAS.
James Lowry was in the city yester
' day trom his ranch in the Huacbuca
i mountains on a short business trip.
He reports cattle in that section as
being in very good shape, but that
there is a scarcity of water and that
rain is badly needed.
MAY ENLIST NOW.
A. Wassmer, In charge of the local
navy recruiting station, has received
word that the provost marshal gener
al has issued instructions that any
registrant, even though he has been
tailed by his local board to report for
physical examination, many enlist
prior to December la upon presenta
Simmons has been confined to his
bed most of the time since then with
the exception of the time he took to
make a trip to Kl Paso for examina
tion. The doctors there announced
that his injuries were permanent after
they had made an Xray, picture. The
preliminary examination has been set
for the 10th.
REAL ESTATE TRANSFERS.
The following warranty deeds have
been recorded in Tombstone affecting
Bisbee property: 1. C. Shattuck and
wife tnd E. B. Bason and wife to Mrs.
Dominick Caretie, portion of lots in
THshpr.. TV P. Harner and wife
tn Harfa p Pp.irnaiiilp lots in Tiishpe. 1 tn to the recruiting olticer of a cer-
$75; H. G. an V. T. Worthington to: tificate from his local board that the
D. P. Parker, lots in Bisbee, $360; Ed-i registrant will not be needed to fill
ward Simmons, Julia V. Hawley and : anv different percentage of quota oi
Edward V. Simmons to G. H. and W. 1 tfle boar(1- Thcse liave been wired t0
T. Worthington, lots in Bisbee, $300; ' a11 severnors.
W. H. Alkire and wife to the Bank of : "
Miami, land, $10. !A GREAT RAIRBANKS PICTURE.
1 "The Man From Painted Post,"
If you need a tinner call Mainland & . showing at the Eagle, is one of Doug-
Business Locals
ben you need a plumber call Main
and & Williams, Phone 302. Shop in
"ear of Orpheum. Adv-135
Williams, Phone 302.
Orpbeum.
j BISBEE TOMBSTONE STAGE
( Will run daily leaving Warren at Cole
building at 6: CO a. m. ar.d 1 p. in. Bus
bee at E. P. & S. W. depot at 7 a. m.
and 1:30 p. m. Tel. 365. Joe Segar.
Adv-580
MADAM CAGNEY
Reads your destiny. Call before
making changes or new investments.
In a tent across from Central Theatre.
Adv-47
It will pay you to nave us check the
electrical system on your car. Loh
man Wright, LowelL Adv.-360
Shop in rear oi ! las Fairbank s great pictures. Swift.
Adv.-ir.-T ' 8no &nd say. the great screen star
twinkles in this mm at his Drigntest
and best. He is called by the Cattle
Owners' association to get a cattle
thief and bad man. He gets the man
all right, and he gets a beautiful young
school ma'am of district 29. The versa
tile Fairbanks also shines as a two
gun fighter in this film. He shoots
' . i NOTICE from the hip, and while not as menac-
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE i ALL TOMBSTONE PEOPLE IN ' '" looking as the great W. S. Hart,
Stage Line. ! BISBEE WISHING TO GO TO TOME-! nor as impressive bclore the draw, he
Ifce ortltial Tombstone stage lean ! STONE TO VOTE WILL BE 'Air-. 18 a "tear" as a gun man.
.i.iy Ht 7 a m. and 1:0 p. m. from RIED FREE TODAY. RuC'KlllLlJ '
iHhlse Motor Co.. Phone 444 leaves! STAGE. Adv. 614, is UNDER ARREST.
punctually on time dally. Night tele- i According to advices received here
nhonA r.rwn ir.8 7 ' WARREN DISTRICT SOLDiERS'. from Bowie. Ben Roten, the Southern
L. L. Gilman sells the New Edison,
"the phonograph with a soul."
ROYAL
THEATRE
Vaudeville Vaudeville
AMATEUR
4 ACTS 4
CASH PRIZE FOR THE
BEST ATTRACTION
PICTURE PROGRAM
The Man Hunt at San Reno
An Adventure of
'THE AMERICAN GIRL"
George Ade Fable.
"THE UPLIFTER AND
HIS LITTLE OPUS"
From the works ot America's Great
est humorist.
WORLD LIBRARY NUMBER 2
Interesting and Educational
"Those Terrible Telegrams"
One-Act Sparkle Comedy.
(Advertisement
COMFORT CLUB
! win give. a dance at. . o. O. F. Hall, lias been placed unuer arrest on a
j Saturday, Dec. 8, at H:.Q. Proceeds to, charge of assault and battery alleged
i eo toward Christmas hoves Kjlii6rs i to have been made on the person of
Paint ' an(j navy boys. Tickets, .fl.OO. Ladies lone W. y. Simmons. The encounter
free. Duty of everyone to turn out.; is said to have taken place in the S.
A'lv. 604 ' P. ireigbt house some weeks ago.
INSANE WOMAN.
A Mexican weman named Rosaria
Con'.rearas was arrested yesterday aft
ernoon by Deputy Sheriffs Red Gan
non and A. W. Howe and placed in
the branch county jail where she was
held until this morning and taken to
Tombstone for examination before the
insanity commission. She holds
imaginary conversations through the
wall with unknown persons and yes-j
terday afiernocn offered violence to j
another Mexican woman with whom t
she had been staying. When the of-!
ficers reached the bottom of Chihua-
hua bill with her and got ready to;
place her in the machine on Naco
road, she got away and started down
the road at a lively ait and the offi
cers tad a run of about 50 yards to.
overtake her.
BADLY INJURED.
Kirk Jacobs, an employe of the Co
chise Lumber company, had a narrow !
escape from loosing his life yesterday :
about 2:30. He was driving a small:
lumber truck for the company and j
was on his way to the yard and hadj
reached the railroad crossing at Co-j
chine, passiug by several freight cars (
siamms on rue siaing. He arove on
to the main line, just as the Douglas
train approached. He had no time to
move and the engine struck the truck,
throwing it quite a distance and throw
ing Jacobs beyond the truck. His
head was badly cut and one of his
hands and it is feared that his back
was injured, but it will be necessary
(o have an Xray picture taken to de
termine the injuries, which will be
done today at the Copper Queen hospi
tal. That he was not instantly killed
is miraculous, as the truck was badly
damaged. Jacobs has been a resident
GET IT
What you pay for. Lowell
Shop. Phone 701, Box 3904
Satisfaction guaranteed.
.1 Jl..i.l. r - i a
ifio officer stationed at that place, vl u,lr" 1 l"r, """'per oi years
i, .or. t,,w arracf a aa nas many irienas wtio sincerely
hope that his Injuries are not serious.
Lowell.
Adv.-202 !
Expert paper naner ana painter t
J. Brandt Phone 456. Box 150. 68-
I Better put that flue in before It get? ;
I cold. Call Mainland & Williams.
i phone 302. Shop rear Orpheum. All !
I kinds tof sheet metal work. Adv-136
When your tooth aches, see a den-
tisL When your battery is ailing, see
battery experts. Wit lard Service Sta
tion, Lowell. Adv.-360
United
States Food
07681.
Administration License
E. A- Tovrea & Co.
Number
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath. 98 Masbn )
Kill. Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647.
dv. 231
Call me when you want a careful
driver. 1 drive a seven passenger
Paige. Harry Lappas, Phone 366.-Adv
A SNAP
Hotel lease and furniture for sa:e,
3V4 years lease; Naco Hotel, brick,'
new furniture; all complete and mod
ern, $2250.00. Cash, $1000. Payable
monthly. $75 per month. If you mean
business, write Box 563 Nogales, Ariz.
Adv. 591
FRESH ARRIVALS THROUGHOUT THE WEEK
DAILY DELIVERIES TO ALL PARTS OF THE WARREN DIST.
ATTENTION, ODD FELLOWS
All Odd Fellows are requested to
assemble at the Odd Fellows' Hall,
Wednesday, Dec. 5th, at 12:30 p. m.,
to attend the funeral of our late
Brother D. J. Kennedy.
. GEO. MUNSEV.
Adv. 595 Nobis Grand
MONEY SAVING PRICES-
Per Lb.
Whole
Salmon .'. - 25
Halibut 17V2
Barracuda 17Vz
Yellowtail 172
Kingfish 17V2
Smelts l7l2
Rock Cod Wz
Per Lb.
Sliced
30
20
20
20
IS IN PHOENIX.
Major F. E. Shine, official In charge
of the organizing of all medical ad
visory boards in Arizona to assist in
the selection of men for the next call
to the collors. is in Phoenix for a few
days making arrangements for the
opening of his headquarters there as
well as to report for duty to Governor
Campbell. Dr. Shine returned here a
few oays ago from Washington where
he was ordered to report and while I
there conferred with the high officials
in regard to his duties in this state.
Active work will begin at once in '
organizing the medical examining
boards in each county of the state.
Much work will be necessary before
the boards are ready to pass upon the
physical qualifications of the regis
trants who will present themselves at
the next call. The doctor stated be
fore be left for Phoenix that he had
received the assurance from the ma
jority of the medical fraternity of the
state tJiat he would be given ample
assistance, the; medical men, being
very willing and anxious to do their
bit with all other patriotic citizens.
-Victor Records
V -
for
Christmas
In every "Victrola home" some new Victor
Records for Christmas will add immeasurably to
the joy of the Holidays.
The variety and completeness of our stock of
Victor music assures our patrons of getting just
what they want.
In addition to the general records we offer a
fine choice of special Christmas music, including
many of the compositions whose lofty and en
nobling beauty has won them immortality. Ve
have a complete list of this music which you may
have for the asking.
Visit us today and hear any records that
appeal to you.
RED CROSS WORK.
Red Cross surgical dressing work
will be conducted every morning this
week at the Red Cross rooms in War
ren. All ladies interested in the suc
cess of this most Important of war
works are urgently requested to come
and do their bit.
r
MRS. ENGLE
wishes to announce to her old
patrons that she has again taken
over the Letson hotel and will it
future, as in past, run it in a first
class and orderly manner. We
solicit your patronage.
DANCE
EAGLE HALL
EVERY
SATURDAY
EVENING
8:30
(F. O. E. 175)
SHAW'S ORCHESTRA
REVIEW WANT .OS FG RESULTS
LYRIC THEATR
2EI
All Elks are requested to attend the
funersl service or Brother D. J.
Kennedy, to be held at Elks' Hall, at
12:30 o'clock, Wednesday noon.
It. E. WARNER.
Adv. Exalted Ruler.
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
Continuous From 1 To 10 P. M.
BISBEE PHONE 14 LOWELL FHONE 51 en
THE NATION'S
PERIL
THE TOPIC OF THE HOUR
Showing Thousands of Sailors and
Marines.
ALBERT SMITH PRESENTS
PLAGUES AND
PULLY LOVE
A BIG VITAGRAPH COMEDY
"BOBBY'S FOUR"
..6c
Lower Floor
10c
Reserved Seats
20c
i
PRIVATE SANITARIUM.
Call Black 573 for terms, etc.
Advertisement 974
Amdiision 10 and 15 Cents