MARKETS
NEW YORK CiTt
Average crice e? -op-per
for week ending
Fb. 8. 32.50.
-Off
WEATHER.
ARIZONA General,
ly fair: not timed
charge in temj eratur
HOT
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOLuME 19. NO. 241.
BIS BEE, ARIZONA.FRIDAY MORNING, MARCH 16, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
FAIL
L
J
GOMFEREMCE
i
9
PRESIDENT 10 APPEAL
TO MEN NOT TO STRIKE
IN
Brotherhoods' Demand For AdamsonLaw
Provisions Countered By Offer to Let
Goethals Settle Issue, Which Is Turned
Down. Will Strike In East First
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK. Mar. 1 5. "A Progressive Strike" of the
400,000 members of the four great railroad brotherhoods, to
begin at six o'clock (Central Time) Saturday on eastern roads,
was ordered here late today.
The walkout will extend to all the railroads in the coun
try within five days. Chiefs of the workmen's organizations
set the strike machinery in motion within a few minutes after
an ultimatum delivered to the conference committee of the
railroad managers had been rejected. A compromise pro
posal offered by the managers was declined without debate.
Only successful intervention by President Wilson, it appeared
tonight can avert a strike.
May Defy Even Wilson.
The brotherhood leaders gave no indication that even an
appeal from the nation's chief executive can change their pur
pose to obtain a basic eight hour day and pro-rata time for
overtime through the use of the "protective feature" of their
organizations.
Refuse to Arbitrate 1
" They refused flatly to submit their ! the men ask another conference it
rase to the eight hour commission will be granted. Preference will be
T.eaded by -Major General C'o ptven to the movement ol train., car-
Uotthals, to await the decision ol the I
supreme court on the constitutionality
of the Adamson law.
To Quit First in East
Freight employes, yard nun, and
eneine hostlers on the New York Cen- Goethals commission, if the JMaroBfn
tral lines,-east ami west, the-Nickel ct were declared unconstitutional,
Plate and the Baltimore & Ohio rail-" vv. q. Leet president of the brother
roads and in the geat yards in Chi- nood 0f railroad trainmen, spokesman
cago and St. Louis will be the first to for the employes, declared:
leave their posts They will be fol-. -That would be only another form
lowed on Sunday by the same classes or arbitration and our men are sick
of workmen on the Southern Railway
the Norfolk and Western, the Virginia
Chesapeake and Ohio and on a group
of northwestern roads.
All Out by Wednesday
No formal outline of the brother-. them only what they would gain un
hoods' program, beyond te rdfns for aer the provisions of the Adamson
these two days.", was nmde either to law. . They have abandoned their orig
the managers or to the public. Itwss.inal deiaand for time and a half lor
said. - however, that te freieht em
ployes on the other roads in the coun
try would be called out in groups at 1
twelve or twenty-four hour intervals brotherhood membership had become
after Sunday. If the paralysis of impatient and would tolerate no air
freight traffic thus caused does not J ther delay in enforcing their demand,
result in surrender by the railroads i Mr. Lee said the supreme court might
before that time, the employes on all , adjourn without handing down a de
Ttasseneer trains will be ordered out
Wednesday
Many to Buck Strike?
The railroad managers said tonight mea wou,d not '
they expected that enough, of their The managers' refusr.l to comply
men would remain loyal to enable ilh the ultimatum of the brother
them to maintain a skeleton service hoods was based upon the contention
on most roads. The managers some-,tnat they must "await and abide" by
time ago caused a census of their em-1 the decision of the supreme court on
ployes to be taken to tell them bow;1" Adamson act. They asserted
many would go on strike. This re- th?" willingness to submit the whole
suited, it is said, in varying percent- controversy to the eight-hour coin
ages, ranging from a few on some ; mission if the law is declared uncon
roads to fifty or sixty percent on oth- stitutional and agreed to accept any
er roads ' decree of the commission.
30,000 to Quit Saturday j Not Unpatriotic
Managers estimate that between Pointing out to the four chiefs the
30.0i0 and 40.000 men are employed grave international crisis which con
on the roads the strike is to begin on fronts the nation, they appealed to
Saturday. I their patriotism to prevent a strike.
The managers' committee will re- j The brotherhood chiefs, in a formal
"main here until after tomorrow. If (Continued on Page three)
RAILROADS MAT VOTE TODAY
IT TO ACCEPT All FREIGHT
By Review Leased Wire.) i
WASHINGTON March 15 Issuance
by the railroads of a general embargo i
on practically all classes of freight :
is believed by officials of the car j
service commission of the American :
Railroad Association to be imminent '
in view of the calling of a strike.
The commission will consider at its
meeting at noon tomorrow the ad
visability of suggesting to all the ,
railroads that such an embargo be is
sued. Commission officials say it is '
imperative that the railroads reduce
to a minimum the amount of perish
able freight on hand in case of a
strike. While individual roads have '
issued embarfces, there, has been no 1
concerted action towards this end. At,
its meeting today the commission con
FACE OF 11
rying food and fuel, i
Oppoiie R. R. Offer
When the managers in their coun
ter proposition ai the final meeting
offered to abide by any decree? of. iie
anj tired of arbitration
The brotherhood chiefs contend
their demand for the basic eight-hour
day for all classes of work, with pro
rata time for overtime, would give
overtime.
Men Won't Wait
Declaring the rank and file of the
cision on the Adamson act. In that
event, he declared there would be no
decision until next winter, and the
sidered the situation briery but de
cided to defer action until tomorrow.
It was indicated that the commission
might simply suggest embargoes rath
er than call upon the roads formally
t impose them. The commission is
vested with plenary powers by virtual
ly every road in the United States
with reference to meeting the situation
caused by the car shortage but there
is some doubt as to whether its pow
ers extend beyond affairs relating to
this situation.
Should a general freight embargo be
deemed advisable, it was said tonight,
that action could be taken by the
roads within a few hours and that pos
sibly before sun-down tomorrow all
roads In the country would refuse to
accept freight of any kind.
Czar Is
Parral Falls To
Marching On Chihuahua City
Two U. S. Mining Men Killed
By Review Leased Wire.)
EL PASO, March 15. FranciacA) Villa captured Parral, Chihuahua,
Saturday, defeating the Carranza forces there, according to a report
received by government agents here late today and forwarded to Wash
ington. After capturing the mountain mining town Villa led bis forces down
the mountain and started toward Chihuahua City with the intention of
attacking the state capital, according t the same source.
A Mexican mining man also arrived here today from Magistral,
Durango, and reported to his employers here that the Villa forces had
entered Magistral l.r days ago, had killed two Americans. Lou Zeigler
and C. A. Winn, and a number of the Mexican mining men who were
employed there. This report has not be-n conformed from titficial
sources. ;
Winn is said tohave a sister somewhere in New York state while
Zeigler has been in 'Mexico many years, according to American mining
men who have operated In that part of the republic. The Magistral
company is owned by a German syndicate. No reports were received
regarding the destruction jf any of the mine property.
PRESIDENT MAKES
ANTI-STRIKE PLANS.
WASHINGTON. March 15.
President Wilson was notified
immediately of the calling of the
strike and he began consideration
jf steps which might be taken to
avert it. The general belief in
official circles is that the Presi-
dent will make an appeal to the
patriotism of the men, urging
them not to tie up transportation
facilities with the country facing
a great international crisis.
There was every indication that
that the President would not call
the representatives of the two
sides to Washington again as he
did last year when the strike
wast threatened. It is a mooted
question what steps the govern-
ment could take to prevent par-
alibis ol liaaiipjt !ati,u ;.i;r!Kii-'
and censequent weakening of the )
nation's resources in the interna- '
tional crisis. The general opin
ion among officials seems to be
: that, the President csould do little
..'beyond appealing 'ta the patriot-
jsni' of both sides.;' .;
A provision to empower him ta
'take over the roads in an emerg-
ency was among the administra-
tion recommending for railway
legislation which failed ' at the
last session of congress.
Federal shipping board is consider
ing measures to meet Great Britain's
action in forcing American ships l'j
carry British supplies.
Allies Already Are
Dickering With New
Russian Government
( I!y Review Leased Wire)
LONDON, March 15. A dispatch to
Reuters dated Wednesday nifeht says
the British and French ambassadors
established official business relations
with the executive committee ot the
Duma. The dispatch adds the Grand
Duke Cyril informed the Duma that
he would place at its disposition the
marines under his trders, and after
ward visited M. Rodzianko in the
Duma and told him that he was entire
ly at Rodzianko's orders.
The correspondent says the people
of Moscow adhered to the revolution
ary movement without bloodshed.
U. S. Awards Contract For World's Biggest Warship
Order, Totaling $112,000,000; Shipyards Loyal
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Mar. 15. Contracts
for what is believed to be the largest
single order for fighting craft ever
given by any nation were placed by
the navy department today. Private
builders undertook to turn out lour
great battle cruisers and five scout
cruisers, costing nearly $1 12.000,000
for hulls and machinery alone, and
pledged themselves to keep 70 percent
of their working forces on navy con
struction. Builders Are Patriots
In response to an appeal to their
patriotism by Secretary Daniels, the
major ship buildeis have agreed to
accept 10 percent net profits on the
battle cruisers, whose cost will rep
resent about $76,000,000 of the total
sum Involved in today's contracts. A
fifth battle cruiser will be built at the
Philadelphia navy yard, so as not to
strain the limit of facilities of private
establishments.
The builders are beseiged with of
fers of merchant work, and are get
ting as hish as 50 percent profit on
these jobs with more work in sight
1 than they can do. They have placed
Overthrown By Russian Revellers
Villa, Now
US REVOLT IS
II Til
IU
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, March 15. The
overthrow of the Russian autocracy
was accepted in all quarters here as
a complete victory for the anti-German
sentiment in the empire, removing
virtually all chance of Russia being
drawn away from her allies into a
separate peace.
The sensation created by the news
of the successful revolution, the turn
ing out of the ministry and the arrest
of the pro-Germans was followed by
another more profound when press
dispatches anittmiuied - the abdication
of Emperor Nitioja.' The revolution
was wholly unexpected, 'and before
noon today the state department re
ceived meagre . official . information
about it from Petrograd. But the
abdication of the emperor was dumb
founding to both official and diplomatic
circles.
According to one unually well in
formed diplomat the Grand Duke
Michael .Alexanderoviteh. proclaimed
regent, has been a bitter personal
antagonist of the emperor since the
latter refused to recognize his mar
riage divorcee some years ago. More
over, the grand duke is said to have
opposed the emperor on every public
occasion that has arisen; -
British Gain Two
Miles In France
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON, March 15 Another im
portant gain has been made by the
British troops between Peronne and
Bapume, according to the official state
ment tonight Trenches on a front of
two and a half miles, running from
south of St. Pierre-Vaast wc'jd to
north of the village of Saillisel have
been occupied.
Southeast of Arras the Germans en
tered British trenches.
London Stock Excnange members
favor removing ban on dvertising.
their facilities at the disposal of the
government, making it unnecessary
for the President to consider employ
ing authority to commandeer plants.
New Type of Ships
Both classes of cruisers ordered to
Hy are new types in naval architec-
and are designed for a speed of
5 knots an hour.
The scouts were awarded on Mds
s'lhmi'ted yesterday, prices ranging
f-oni $.V).-,0,000 to $5.996.O0. and stip
ulated timo or delivery from 30 to 32
n'onts. These figures can be no
guide to the actual cost or time, how
ever as under the emergency clause
of the naval appropriation bill, con
struction will be hastened to the lim
it t government footing the bill for
additional cost.
The battle cruisers, the fixed limit
of cost of which is $19,000,000 per
ship, exclusive of speeding up ex
pense were placed as follows:
Newport News Ship Building and
Dry Dock Company, two ships; Fore
River Ship Building Corporation, one
sio: New York Ship Building Com
pany, one ship.
dip d n
UIU ULUH
1
People's Party Seizes Power
After Murdering Minister and
Flooding Petrograd With Blood
Anti-German Government Is Set Up By Victorious Duma and
,. People, With Czar's Brother As Regent After Regiment On
Regiment Joins Revolters and Czar's Cause Is Lost; Empress
Is Fleeing.
i
PETROGRAD, Mar. 15. The Emporer of Russia has abdicated and Grand Duke
Michael Alexandrovitch, his younger brother, has been named as regent. The Russian
ministry, charged with corruption and incompetence, has been swept out of office. One
minister, Alexander Protopopoff, head of th interior department, is reported to have
been killed, and the other ministers, as well as the president of the imperial council are un
der arrest.
' , ; A new national cabinet is announced, with Prince Lvoff as president of the council
and premier an dthe other offices held by me, close to the Russian people.
For several day3 Petrograd has bee,n the scene of one of the most remarkable risings
in history. Beginning with minor food riots anc labor strikes, the cry for food reached the
hearts of the soldiers, and one by one the reg;ments rebelled, until finally these troops that
had for a time stood loyal to the government, took up their arms and marched into the
ranks of the revolutionists.
HERE'S NEW CABINET
JlF.V wS,AN P,50PJTvE'
PETOGRAD March 16.-The
embers of the' new national
members
cabinet are announced ai fol-
lows: , i
Premier, president of the coun-
c!l &nl mitils-rv? th laf-r'cr,
Prince Georges E. Lvoff.
Foreign minister. Prof. Paul N.
Mllukoff.
Minister of public instruction.
Prof. Manuiloff of Moscow V"ni?er-
sityj i- . :
Minister of war and navy, ad
interim, A. J. Guchkoff, formerly
president of the Duma.
Minister of Agriculture, M. Ich-
lngareff, deputy from Petrograd.
Minister of finance, M. Ter-
eschtenko, deputy from Kiev.
Minister of justice. Deputy
Kerenski of Saratoff.
. Minister of communications,
N. V. Nekrasoff, vice president of
the Duma.
Controlled of state, M. Godneff.
deputy from Kazan.
Pro GermanEmpress
Is Responsible For
Czar's Lost Crown
By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. March 15. According to
information received
here, the Rus-
sian people have been most distrust
ful during the recent events of the
personal influence of Emperss Alex
andra. She was supposed to exercise
the greatest influence over Emperor
Nichols. It Is stated her whereabouts
is not known, but it is believed she
is in seclusion fearing the populace.
The Empress Alexandra before her
marriage to the emperor of Russia In
1894 was the German princes. Alex
of Hesse-Darmstadt.
With the exception of the New York
Company, each private builder will
have to install new ways and machin
ery for the huge craft. The govern
ment will bear its fair share of this
expense. Already an cppropriatlon of
I $6,000,000 has been ordered expended
: to equip the Philadelphia yard for
two capital ships building.
Four of the scout cruisers will be
built on the Pacific coast, two by the
! Seattle Construction Company, and
two by the I'nion Iron Works at San
Francisco. The other two will be
built by Wm. Cramp and Sons of
Philadelphia.
More Bids In April
Of the authorized building program
remaining to be contracted for are.
three dreadnaughts. 3S submarines,
the 15 destroyers, and several auxil
iary vessels. Bids will be opened ear
ly in April on these craft and at the
same time orders will be placed for
more than loo coast patrol boats. A
committee of small boat builders al
ready have approved the plans for
these craft which will be of high
speed and 110 feet in length securing
good seagoing qualities.
of the
London
Jitoo late for the evening papers but it
, aUogelher a 8Urprise ,
,K -,, o...i t,
i Russian revolution reacnea
the public. The sudden closing down
of the Duma and the council of the
LONDON. Mar. 15. News
empire in Petrograd, news of which j Regiments Revolt
reached London on Sunday, together' police were substituted and a bat
wun news of food ;iots in the Ras- i te occurred betw.Vn th:n and the
sian capital, which although, accord-1 tri)0ps itcgimHut aft. r regiment
Ing to telegraphic reports, were not;j.!jnpd thp reVolrers and seiz.'d are
of a Berlous nature, caused considera- . naIs an1 )tner stra(p..j,. point. .
ble speculation here as to how events ,-ntil Sunday nUht there wr.s no
were progressing. . intimation that the atMir would
The proclamation by the military j Erow. to the proportion of a revolu
governor in Petrograd forbidding any , Mon From tm until Tnes-lav morn-
sireet assemoiages ana uecianng mat.
any disorders would be ruthlessly
suppressed made it apparent that af
fairs were graver than the dispatches
allowed by the Russian censorship
would indicate. Then came two days
of absolute silence from Petrograd
which extended even to official war
bulletins and rumors began to circu
late that some kind of f revolution
was happening. These reports were
circulating from Scandinavian capi
tals. The struggle between the Duma and
the reactionary party in Russia has
been known to be proceeding with
great bitterness for a long time and
repeated changes In the ministerial
ranks showed that matters were far
from settled.
Little was permitted to appear in
the English papers. From time to
time news percolated from different
quarters as to how liberal Russia was
struggling against pro-German Influ-
ences jn the persons of Stunner. Pro
topopoff and other high personages.
The assassination of Rnsputin was
another proof as to what lengt s V e
struggle was proceeding but the dis
appearance of this notorious person
age appeared still to leave the Ger
man reactionary influences exceeding
ly strong in the high placps.
' Events leading up to the revolution
tK" a week ago with street demon-
DRUNK? WROTE
(Special Rj the Review)
PHOENIX. March 15. Testimony
to the effect that members of the elec
tion board in Douglas precinct No. 1
were drunk, that ballots were tamper
ed with and that there were many re
marks and other irregularities, were
brought out in the superior court of
Maricopa county here today, when
fourteen witnesses from fauglas were
placed on the stand by attorneys for
Campbell in the governorship contest.
According to the testimony of practi
cally all the witnesses. Art Pearson,
a member of the election board, was
drunk, and that both he and 11 H.
Hart were betting on Hunt. Frequent
recesses were taken in the course t'f
which the ballots were lett unguarded,
it was testitied.
Deputy County Attorney Bruce
Stevenson, of Cochise county, testified
that he had seen Pearson holding a
short stub pencil in his hand con
cealed in his palm snd that several
times he saw Pearson make a motion
as if making a cross on the ballot De-
IS DOUGLAS ELECTION BOARD
strations of working mn who quit
work as a protest against the short
age of bread. Th first two days
mountfd patrols kept the crowds mov
ing without resorting to violence.
When ordered to f.re on the p-.-opie
j thry refused.
in aimost continuous huliting in the
streets nd throughout the r'tr oc
curred, leaving the revolutionist in
full control. The latter are iiroi-od-ing
to reorerni:-e th cnvernnit-nt.
Capital Orderly Again
Today the city emerged from a
week's niehtnipre of revolution anif
figuratively smiled uad'-r a brilliant
food of sunshine after the stri-s of
gray days ending with :'. snowstorm
yesterday mornir Thinks ere
pulled down from windows l.'.ng clos
ed Store, banks and r-'nis-" es
tablishments of every description re
opened their do'vrs fo resumption of
o Mr"ry nr tivities. seeiiilnUy as con
fident rs the new tf-mnoivr.' govern
ment gained force Sledaes ?nd Utile
sMzhs for hire, the most widely ap
r'"ci.:ted conveniences of Russian
'ti" reg-n to ar-near aanin in the
streets that for six days bad been ab
s ?Mtely void of any means of private
nsnrt-tion N " snipers with the
"X'-etti'n f revolutionary p ih'i-a-tins.
wMe1' sr'.in; into Tie with the
suceeyji ()f f.ip re'ol". "a-l f?i'ed to
"nenr Street cir servir at rtivjn
vad not hern resumed. b;!t it was be
'i"'ed that night would see partial
service.
"Hi" m'y visih'e sirns of the desper
ate clash of authority that tinned the
city into a battle ground were the
charred ruins of the jail.- and the re
(Conttnued on Pace :!
III HUNT'S il
lore handing it Pj the member clear
ing off the names.
Stevenson also . testified that Hort
; came to his otiic e March 1- an I con
fessed that Pearson had told h::i: that
', he (Pearson) had changed 47 ballots
from Campbell to Hunt. Hart him
self admitted that he chanced one
ballot from Hunt to Campbell ai'tt-r-
, wards, Stevenson said, because tho
erasure showed Too plainly.
1 Kedlin, another wituess from Doug
las, testitied that he was thrown out
by the election board at 6 o'clock the
morning after election day when he
: was sent to relievo a Republican
watcher. The entire board, it was
brouuht out. was composed of Dtnr
crats and all but one were non-resi-
i dents of the precinct.
Following the testimony the ballots
alleged to have been tampered with
were introduced as eviilen. e before
the close of the day's session. Jilde
Stanford has taken his pitihaMe action
on the precinct trouble under advisement. TWO
THE B1SBEE DAILY. REVIEW, FRIDAY. MORNING,, MARCH 16, 1917.
CONTEST MESS litH AS LAST I
HOIS OF DOUBLE OFFER APPEAR!
Seventeen Loyal Candidates Still Cling to the Wheels of the
Review's Prize Cars. Contest Editor is Questioned by
All Sides as to Likely Winner.
DOUBLE VOTE SCHEDULE.
For new subscriptions ending Saturday nisht. March 17th at Nine
o'clock harp, after which hour a big reduction will be made in this
schedule.
2 years' subscriptions 16.000 SOOO SU.OU
1 vear subscriptions fi.000 ::o'0 7.50
6 'months' subscriptions 2.400 12i'0 4.00
3 months' subscriptions 1.000 ..500 2.25
Note: The largest vote offer from now until the end of the contest.
Xo less than a dozen persons stopp
ed the contest editor and asked him
when the contest was coins to close.
That's a good sign that there are a
good many who are goinc to sub
scribe. They realize the end is corn
ins and they are going to make good
their promises, so look out for your
competitors and get yo'ir share of the
..nindup subscriptions, and do your
best to get them now.
Don't say that the ground has been
thoroughly canvassed until there are
no more subscriptions to get. The
business of the contest department
the first four days of this week was
much better than it was the first four
days of last week, so it goes to show
that energy makes subscriptions. The
answer is that the candidates are a
little more alert this week than they
were last.' They know the consequent
es of delay and they are bending all
their efforts towards a big volley of
votes right now.
And don't forget about bringing in
your subscription books before nine
o'clock tomorrow evening. Thr.t will
S. P. NOT TO ACCEPT
PERISHABLE FREIGHT
SAX FRANCISCO, Mar. 15. G. V.
Luce, freight traffic manager of the
Southern Pacific Company, notified all
company agents today that the South
ern Pacific would not accept perisha
ble freight or live stock for any desti
nation that could not be reached un
der ordinary rrdght train schedule by
noon Saturday.
MASQUE BALL
UNION HALL
BIS BEE
SATURDAY, MARCH V,
PRIZES GIVEN FOR
BEST COSTUMES
DANCING 8:30 -'
WARREN DISTRICT
SOCIAL CLUB.
r
INTRANCE
ON
SUBWAY
STkFET
-fie
SATURDAY SALE
Fresh Carnations
15c Doz
VIOLETS lCc A BUNCH
GREEN CARNATIONS 25c PER DOZ.
On Sale In The "ANNEX Store
Saturday 9:30 A. M. March 1 7th
see the finish of the bonus votes for
the return of the receipt books, so get
in all the subscriptions you can, both
new and old, and you'll be given 400
votes extra for each dollar's worth ov--er
and above the vote schedule.
Make it a point to see those who
promised to nive you a longer sub
scription. Those who have already
subscribed for three and six months
may make it just that much longer if
you tell them how well you are doing.
If such subscriptions were new in the
lit st place, their extensions still count
as new subscript ions also.
You have at least one consolation
there are three fine cars and if you
oon't get the first you have a chance
for the second and !f not the second
there is still a third car to be award
ed. The handsome gold wrist watch
es and the diamond lavalieres are
well worth yo'.ir time and effort and
are by no means to be ignored.
If you are one of the seventeen re
maining candidates, you have lots of
friends who wish you success. See
them and ask their finr.l support be
fore this offer closes.
i ALL GUARDS TO BE GONE
FROM BORDER MARCH 21
KL PASO. Mar. 15. The Third
'. Xoith Carolina Infantry and the Col
iorado Signal Corps, entrained tonight
I for their home stations to be wus
' tered out of the federal service, it
was announced at military headquar
ters that Battery A. New .Mexico Field
' Artillery will be mustered out of the
1 federal :-ei vice before March 21. the
date by which al! guard troops are to
: nc away from the border.
GOOD BLOOD
"Blood will tell." Blotches and
blemishes, like murder, will
out, unless the blood is kept
' pure. Its purity is restored and
' protected by the faithful use of
Laxceat Sale of Any Medietas in tS Work!.
Sold every w!i;re. In be-us. 1 ?c 2 Sc.
RE A1?
OF
MAIN
SUiLDINf
AITEfilPI 10 DISSOLVE 001
PROMPTS CZARS OVERTHROW
direst in Russia and disputes be
tween the government and the Puma
I have occurred repeatedly since the be
, ginning of the Kuropean war and ap
' parently the dissentions came to a
I head when Emperor Nicholas suspend
ed the Duma and the council or the
empire on March 12. The many
changes in governmental places and
the continued growth of liberal feel
ings both in the Duma and council
of the empire led to predictions that
a change in the fundamental g'jvern-
) ment of the Kussian empire would
: come with the end of the war.
! Affairs in Russia, which had led to
, the installation of two premiers up to
March. 1916, when Boris Stunner took
' the head of the government, reached
a crisis in November last year, when
Sturmer. who was accused by liberal
leaders in Russia, with sympathies
with Germany, was removed and his
place taken by M. Trepoff. The re
moval 'jf Sturmer resulted from a
clash between the Duma and the cab
inet, in which the Duma was victori
ous. After the appointment of Premier
Trepoff it was believed the crisis in
Russian governmental affairs had
been passed safely.
Dissentions arose quickly, however,
and the council of the empire threw
its political weight on the side of the
Duma. On December 12, Germany an
nounced its peace offer and three days
later both the Duma and the council
iVf the empire voted in favor of the
rejection of the peace terms. Before
adjournment on December 30 the
Duma adopted a resolution denouncing
"dark forces" in the empire.
In the interim, Gregory Rasputin,
the "mystic monk", vbo was reputed
to have great authority with Tmperor
! Nicholas and the members of the fm
j perial family cardial to Germany, was
murdered dramatically by Russian
I noblemen of liberal inclinations on
'January 1. and his body thrown into
'the Neva. The liberals soon received
Ianotner setback when on January 10
it was announced that Prince Golitzine
had been appointed premier to succeed
! M. Trepoff. On January 15. Emperor
! Nich'jlas in his New Year ukase, an
nounced the appointment of many new
members to the council of the empire.
WOMEN ARE SKILFUL
MUNITIONS MAKERS
X.P 'm
11. v. :
British munitions inspectors passing
on ordnance.
The photojrraph shows women in
specting, after tilling, all parts of
fiO-poundcr, and 12-pounder and 3
inth anti-aircraft pun brcach-mccha-ni.sm
that are not too heavy to
handle.
CLEANSES YOUR HAIR
MAKES IT BEAUTIFUL,
THICK, GLOSSY, WAVY
Try this! All dandruff disap
pears and hair stops
coming out.
Surely try a "Uanderiue lla?r
Cleauie" if ou wish tv immediately
! double the beauty of your hair. Just
moisten a cloth with Danderiue aul
draw it carefully through your hair,
taking one small strand at a time:
! this will cleanse the hair of dust, dirt
j or any excessive oil in a few minute s
I you will be amazed. Your hair will
I "be ay. Unity and abundant and
'possess an incomparable soltmt-.-,
; lubtie and lUMiriancc.
Besides beautifying the h.iir. one ap
plication f Damleriiie ilissolns every
particle of dandruff: invigorates il,o
J scalp, stopping itching and falling hair.
Pund.riJe is to the hair what f re: h
! iiliowrrs of rain .nid .'uinhiue arc to
1 vegetation. It goes right to the root".,
; iu ivoiate.s and strengthens tlicm. Ms
chi!araling, htiiiinlatiug and life-pio-',
iluciim propi rtic ea I: i' tile hair to
araw long, .str ing ;:n.l li--a i ! t : I il.
'l .all surely have n tly.
luslriiiis hair, and lots nf ii. il ;uu v. ill
jU.st get :i '"it Imtlle i l!ie ll.'l' S
Daiid- rine irum anv Jni; store nr
toilet counter and tr it as dii cried.
1 (AdvertiaeiuelH)
aw
This action resulted in the progres
sive majority in the council being
succeeded by men of conservative
leanings opposed to the liberal move
ment in Russian affairs.
Four days later the emperor because
of the changes in the government
which included the appointment ot
Alexander D. Protopoff. whom Berlin
newspapers described as the "power
behind the throne," as minister of the
interior, announced the postponement
of the opening of the sessions of the
Duma and jf the council of the empire.
Meanwhile, the disagreements con
tinued between the liberals in control
of the Duma and the so-called reac
tionaries, who gained control of the
government in the elevation of Prince
Golitzine to the premiership. Presi
dent Rodzianko. of the Duma, one Ml
the foremost liberal leaders, clashed
verbally with Minister Protopopoff
and reports from Petrograd were that
a duel between the two men was in
evitable.
The Petrograd pres3 on January 21
was reported to be pessimistic over
the postponement of the sitting of the
Duma and the council of the empire.
The emperor in a rescript to Premier
Golitzine on January 21 promised a
more benevolent attitude toward the
Duma by the government and urged
the premier to' devote his attention to
the Question of supplies for the Rus
sian armies, which the Duma had sev
erely criticized. The imperial order
was taken in some Russian quarters
to mean that the government throught
that the Duma and the council of the
empire soon would be working to
gether and without contentions.
The session of the Duma was re
opened on January 17. On March i
it was reported that the council .if
the empire had adopted a resolution
calling upon the government to ex
plain what measures it had taken to
check the disorganization of transport
ation service and to guarantee that
the army and country should be sup
plied with food, fuel and raw ma
terials. This was l'jllowed by reports
of unrest in Petrograd over the short
age in food supplies.
On March 12. Emperor Nicholas s;i
spended the sittings of the Duma and
the council of the empire.
REVOLT SPREADS
TO OTHER LARGE
RUSSIAN CITIES
(Uy Ifeview Leased Vi'ire)
PKTROGKAD. March IS. (via Um-.
don) The g.irrison at Kharkov has 1
' formally joined the revolution and i.;
j supj.'jrting the provisional govern
j ment. Strikes in sympathy with thu
movement have been called in fac
! tories and on the street car lines.
i Kharkov is the ctpital of the plo,"
! ince of the same name. Ii is 4i0
miles south of Moscow and had a
population of about I'OO.OuO.
' LONDON. March 13 TeelgraphiiU'
from Petrograd Wednesday, Heuter's
correspondent says Ki'jnstadt, th-j
' fortress and seaport at the head 1
the Gulf of Finland. miles west of
Petrograd, has joined the revolution
ary movement.
Two deputies. Pepclauff and Tas-
kine. on instructions from the Duma !
committee, proceeded to Ki'jnstarit, I
where the troops placed themselves j
at the disposal of the Duma. I
M. Pepelauff was appointed coin- j
mandant of Kronstadt, which is Ru
sia's great naval station. j
ROMANTIC INDIA !S
'1 he Romantic Jouniey" Ar
rears at ' ; Royal Theati e
For One Day Only.
Peter, a social lion, suffering fro i
ennui and wanting thrill, visits a
mysterious antique shop, conducted I y
Katoor. n Kast Indian, who h:is
through hypnotism, enslaved t'viitli:.;.
a beautiful young girl. Peter nolici s
something wrong in the shop keeper;'
conduct and decides to iuvestigat .
lii'.iailhurst. a millionaire, is in lov
with C.Mithiu. through whom Hatoer
plots to get his millions. I'nder covi r
of night. Peter visits the shop ai:l
discovers Cynthia, imprisoned, tries,
unsuccessfully, to liberate her. lt:itoo.
domiuatiug nthi;i. compels lier
actcpt Uroadhui'sl's pi'.iposal and i
wedding day is set. Alter the ccr -mony,
she varus him against Kato r
and beys him to leave tor tils o
safely. Broadhurst refuses and taki i
her to a distant couutrv house to g- I
away from the scoundrels. peti
keeping Katoor. h has diMOven
their alAdle, under survellaiicc. a
i rives too late lo save llroadhurst ai
he. himsell. iiariowly escapes Irom ii
ing thrown into the rucr by Katooi
hem hm. ii. ('.Mil hia. failing lo outw
I her former master, is again in h
I .-liil. In.o l.'-ilnir wlls:li.i. ini tle
Peter is spving on biiu. di-cides S
make an end of Cynthia. wi.. Ii:
liali.ilerred her hu.-baiid s property .'il
'him. He bids his oriental lollowr-;'
bury her alive. In the sepulchre tl -j
scoundrels, frightened in their gliasl" J
task by uili'.'ililiy sounds, (lee ill tel r. : .j
I'eter who Ill's followed, rescues J
thia. The gang are overpowered I
detectives and Katoor. in:prisone l. j
loses his evil influence '.iver t'vnth
iid Pel-r wins Hie Imped f'r place
her lieai t.
This is the i-toi v of "The Kniuanl
.toiiriiey. aiiearing al me uoyai tut -j
tie tjl!iy ytily.
i O f
" roodics th..t just
m-e-I-t in yoi:r mouth
liclit. fl. tender
rakes, biscuits and
doughnut: that jut
keep yon hanging
'round the par!tr all
made with Calur.tet
the safest, purest, most
economical Kal.ing Pow
der. Try it drive away
bake-day failures."
Received Highest Awards
A-s9 Cm Bk Im'
In titf in fnJ Can.
ft? "Vi
SENATE DISCUSSES
COLOMBIAN TREATY
3 HOURS IN SECRET
(fly Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. March l.V Tl ?
senate talked tor three hours today be
hind closed doors auout the t'olombia i
treaty witlvout reaching a vote. Sev
eral senators are expected to spea'i
tomorrow and after they have con
cluded there may be an agreement fi r
action Saturday.
Chairman Stone and Senators M'--Cumber
and Kail of the foreign rela
tions committee, debated the .treaty
today. Scnal'jr Stone said ratification
was essential because of the intcrnn
tional Htnaiion. Senator Mcfunibi r
declared the proposed J2.-i.nnn.UtMi rav
meut was blackmail and if the I'nile l
States bought Colombia's friendshin
in this cate it might have to bny
some other nation's friendship in ti e
future.
Senator Fall argued for an open ses
sion on Hie treaty, but a u.t!nn by
Senator I'.orah to open the doors was
defeated ly a large vote.
DR. GRAYSON CONFIRMED
AS NAVY ADMIRAL
WASHINGTON. Mar. l.V Dr. Cary
T. (irayson. President Wilson's friend
i and naval aide, was eoi,:irnicd by tl.e
senate tniiay as medi al tiirccinr .ni l
rear admiral in Ihe navy alter a lung
j light against him by K'inihlic;in sen
ators.
10CENT"CASCARETS"
BEST LAXATIVE FOR
LIVERAND BOWELS
Don't stay constipated, head
achy, bilious, wilh breath
bad or stomach sour.
No odds how bad your liver, ftomacii
or bowels: how much your head aches,
how miserable and uncomfortable yen
aro from a c'jIJ. constipation, indigc.
ticn. biliousness and sluggish bowel:
ou aiwavs get relief with Cnsiarots
Don't h-t jpur stomach. liver and
jowcls make you miserable. Take Ca.'
,-arets to night: put an end to the head
ache, biliousness, dizziness, nervou.
ness, sick. sour, gassy stoma' h. b; d
cold, oflinsive briat'n and all tli-T
distress.: cleanse your inside organs
of all the bile, gases and constipated
matter w nidi is producing the misery
A Ut-cint bii means health. Iiapt i-ii-r
s and a d ar head fur months. .'
il; ii--gi.js -ell r.i ari ls. I'un't iorg"t
the diildren lln ir litUif itisi.Ies lu ed
a gentle cleansing, too.
(AdvertiseiiicUtl
1
m mm(m ss
. a 4., . l
mwm$M Sale .
j Hopes Woman Will j
J AHnnt Thic. Hnhit I
As Well As Men !
Class of hot water each morn- t
ing helps us look and feel
clean, sweet, fresh. ?
Happy, bright, aien :rous and
vivacious a good clear skin; a nat-
ural, roy . complexion and freedom
from illness are assured only by
clean, healthy blood. If only every
woman and likewise every man could
realize the wonders of tiie morning
inside bath, what a gratifying change
would take place.
Instead of the thousands of sickly,
anaemic-looking men, women and
irls with pasty or muddy complex
ions; instead of the multitudes ot
nerve wrecks." "rundowns," "bralti
tags" and pessimists we should see a
irile, optimistic throng of rosy
jneeked people everywhere.
An inside bath is had by drinking, ;
ach morning bei'jre breakfast, a
rilass of real hot water v ith a tea-1
poonful of limestone phosphate in it
.o wash from the stomach, liver, kid-!
eys and ten yards of bowels the pre-
ious day's indigestible waste, sour
ermentations and poisons, thus
cleansing, sweetening and freshening
ihe entire alimentary canal before
putting more food into the stomach.
Those subject to sick headache, bll-
jusness, nasty breath, rheumatism,
:oius; and particularly those who have
i pal id, sallow complexion and who
re constipated very often, arc urged
.p obtain a quarter pound of liiue
itone phosphate at the drug store
vhich will c.st but a trifle but Is
jullicient to demonstrate the quick
and remarkable change in both health
and appearance awaiting: those who
practice internal sanitation. We must
remember that inside cleanliness ts
nore important than outside, because
the skin does not absorbe impurities
to contaminate the blood, while the
pores in the thirty feet of bowels d'J.
(Advertisement)
Tlie Home Industry Furniture
Store, Home Industry Lodging
House and Harber Shop, will nil be
sold for Cash at a sacrifice. Great
money tv..".!;rr (v.ii to C'vncr'j
ill health, obliged to leave tin
Cam p. W'onld accept a good auti
nioble if reasonable. Inquire
HOME INDUSTRY FURNITURE
STORE, LOWELL.
Opposite Uank of Lowc-il. i
Watkins & Bergquist
Quality Jewelers
The Best Opticians
The HALLTvL !RK" Jjtq
6
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best ot everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 50c luncheon daily. Also $1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month. $t0;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
ill
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL MARKS. Mgr.
J. B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD.
GROCER
-
Phone 29.
EYE NERVE GLASSES
Permanently located
jEVfc in Bisbee. except
Mondays in Douglas.
Room 1. Maze
" Building.
0 R. GLAZE, NeurologisL
Phone 156.
Residence Phone, Black 420.
O. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop,
opposite DepoL Ambulance
si'JEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicit Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
HEINO & KEANE
Cleaning, Pressing and Re
, pairing $1.25 a Suit
Suits from $25 to $55.
All work done on the premises
by -Union Tailors.
Phone 677, Johnson Addition.
QKIOHHSTER S P!LiS
i-V "iS "IIUu U.J a. fc.-u u..J
-X'i l -uJi k.ia It. im V
fT "it-'- A-rnr- tn -cttb n
J( iiuiKivriMinUMt.
r SOLD BY WliiGiSTS DTSYnWRE
PAINT IS A HOUSE
PRESERVER
i f the be.-t kind. And the bvl
e taint the better it pre
serves, llet some of ours if ci
want to do the wis. tinng. Our
laint doe.-n't peel or tji k. thus
li ftins: in the rain and suow.
ur paint doesn't wear out ir.
spot-. It wchts out evenly but
so slowly that one coat will on'
List lo or uiorc of erdaury
p;mit.
Company, inc
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE 25.
:
I THE EISBEEy DAILY REVTILW,FRiDA,Y MGRNiN;, MaJICH IG.,1917.
THPrn
PIONEER AR1ZDNAN
IS mi; MYSTERY
SURROUNDS MURDER
Body of John Knapp is Found
Beside Railroad Seven
Miles East of Doughs;
Sheriff at Once Starts In
vestigation.
(Special to The Review)
DOt'CLAS. Mar. 15. Sheriff Ilnrry
Wheeler Mt here today for r.odeo, X.
M., to start an investigation into the
killing of John Knapp. whose body
was found early this morning at Aca
cia siding, about seven miles east of
Douglas. An inquest will be conduct
ed here tomorrow afternoon by Coro
ner D. T. Dunlap.
Knapp. who had been in the liquor
business in Southern Arizona and j
northern Sonora for the last 15 years,
left Douglas Tuesday night for Rodeo
He started back for the Smelter City
Wednesday night aboard a freight
train. Members of the freight's crew
saw him get off at Acacia. When a
special train bearing officials of the
El Paso & Southwestern passed the
siding this morning, several of the
passengers noticed Knapp's body ly
ing along the north side of the track.
The train was stopped and the: rail
way men took the body in charge un
ti' nffirers amifd.
There was a deep gash in the body.
An autopsy later in" the day brought
out the fact that the wound, in the
breast, had been made by a double
edged weapon, evidently about eight
inches long. The weapon had passed 1
through Knam's luies and heart, and
doatu had cidcntlv been instantane
ous. Xear the body lay Kr.nnp's au
tomatic revolver end a short distance
away were found two cmty shells
fiflii te wp;i-on A cool of blood
several yards away led to the belief
tht Knpn had wounded one of his
8ssfilnts who hart evidently lain on
the ground for a while and then had
crov-ied away.
Bsi'l" te hov- tvtp a binvet roll
ontifiiip 12 r-its of whii-v pnd
pivoral tinnv scs filled with booze4
shou' 144 bottles in all. " Tat rob
berv wns not the motive for the crime
w Trn"n hv the fart tMt Knapp
'""rid'l 9 gold worh, ehMU nd e'npj-ni
! in mnnev nd diamond stud, all
Of wV;cH voro found wit te bodv
"Friends in tHs citv AcXnr today
tv l-'imn hurt renorted Mving been
V1H ill reeont'y hv Mexicans, and
rc th Htoept tPt if b
ever met up with them airain "som
tody would get killed" The charac
ter of t" wound in hi bbody sems
ti ir.i-.oti ,e claying was done
by a Mexican.
Sheriff, Wheeler lft lor Hodeo pri
tvpri'v to find out wetl,er or not
Kut'ir was a Ion" or with eoiinnnlons
when- he -left ihe Sev:: M-xjro clfy.
Kr.aiiD v as na-ive of Wurtembcrg.
OTnanv where his psren's are still
livinu. He was l?tnU;arly known
throughout southern Arizona us '"The
"Kaiser." Before the state went dry
he i. ad Iron eni'Mciyed in many sa
loons in Douglas and Ri.stii-e.
PIRTLEViLLE MAN
BEATEN AND ROBBED
I GZAB OVERTHROWN
BY BUSSiAN REVOLT
Pedestrian Attacked by Man
With Knives; Walks to
Police Station Barefooted
on " Regaining Conscious-
' ness.
' (Special to The Review)
DOUGLAS. Mar. 15. Billy Heinze
of Pirtleville, was assaulted and robb
ed tonight while walking to this city
Heinze claims that two men, both of
whom spoke good English, attacked
liini with knlve-; ,-ut him on the head
and then teat htm insensible. When
he regained consciousness his shoe-
had been taken from his feet and .
removed from bia pockets. He walk
ed to the pollre station here bare
footed nnd .reported tin- hold-up. but
was unable to give n very good d
!rlption of his assailants,.
TWO STREETS TO BE
PAVED IN DOUGLAS
Special to The Review)
DOUGLAS, Mar. 15. The city coun
cil tonight passed resolutions author
izing (he drawing up of contracts for
the paving of Eleventh and Twelfth
streets. The contracts will in all
probability be awarded to the S-C
Company, of Los AngHes. The two
streets will each be paved for a dis
tinct" of twelve blocks. The S-C Com
pany offered to install the paving for
?1.55 a square yard.
Buy Levi Strauss & Co'
Two-Horse Brand
Overalls udh
For Your
?&&t Bov
Made with swing
ing wljite drill
pocket.; (not patch
pockets that o
quickly wear
through). -
A new pair
FREE
if they rip
cost no
more than
ordinary
overalls.
Look for
tins
label
i
Ifi
AWARDED CRAM3 PRIZE AT P. P. I. K.
Made and Guaranteed by
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., Sin H-anast
ICE!
. Having severed all business connections with Mr.
A. M. Shambaugh. Be it known! That said A. At.
Shambaugh is unauthorized to take any further sub
scriptions for stock in the Great Verde Extension Cop
per Company., or transact business of any nature (from
this date) for the Great Verde Extension Syndicate.
Signed by A. C. Anderson,
Representative of
Great Verde Extension Syndicate.
Great Verde
Extension
Syndicate
LAST OFFER
of Stock in the Great Verde Extension Copper
Company at 30 cents per share, expired at
midnight
March 10th
Treasury stock now on the market at
40c a Share
Place your order in a live proposition at the
opportune time with
A. C. ANDERSON
Muhein Bldg.
Phone 207.
Brewery Gulch
BUbee, Ariz.
(t'oiit I Mled From Pane One)
'inins f other police institution :ind
V hollies ot the few individual who
vero regarded :s offender ug.iiusl
the rights ot i'iv people.
In front of other govt riiiiient insti
'ntioris, which appi.rent'.y it was not
-een lit to destroy, .ire piles of rharr
-d etnbers showing where wreckage
'nd documents had been dumped and
"onsumed.
Defense Weak
The defenders of the old regime
ut up a last feeble defense last niuht
n the roofs of the wrecked Astoria
-.ilitary hotel and St. Is;iar"s Cathe
'rul, facinsr on two sides of the same
'luare. They soon were silenced by
'e shiirp.hootrrs of the revolutionary
Tiny.
With the renpenlntr f bread, suar,
'-a a&d meat shops, lines of women
with shoppins bass and baskets, often
tending to the length of n block,
"ere formed to replenish stores ex
'lUrtted by the long sieKe. The most
Mienotnin.il feature of the revolution
s been the swift and orderly tran
ition whereby the control of the city
tnssed from the regime qf the old
government into the bands of Its op
ponents. Until Sunday disorders in
the streets, which never went beyond
iuiet gatherings or mild demonstra
tions could not properly be termed a
-evolution at all.
After 36 hours of continuous street
Ishtins. the whole area of Petroprad
vas in the hands of the revolutionists
n Tuesday noon. Itenimeuts called
out to disperse street crowds that
vere clamoring for bread refused to
ire on the people, but mutinied, kill-
'ne their officers in many cases and
oined the swelling ranks of the in-
ureents.
With the exception of a Finnish
"intent, which took possession of
the admiralty building on the Xeva
nd kept up a desultory nfl" and mn-
'hine gun fire, the last regiment to
em.iin loyal to tho government had
capitulated after a sustained battle on
he Morskaya and mnde no further
resistance to the revolutionists who
"ontrolled the entire city. The police
":ad disappeared from the streets.
Duma Sounds Emperor's Doom
The president of ihe Iluma. Michael
V. Rodzianko, was the leading figure
mong the deputies who unanimously
'ecided to oppose the imperial order
'or a dissolution of the house. They
continued their sessions and M. Rod-
'nko informed the emperor, then at
h front, that the hour had struck
vhen the will of the people must pre
vail. Even the imperial council real-
!7ed the gravity of the situation and
""hied its appeal to that of the Duma
iat the emperor should take steps to
-ive the people a policy and govern-
ent in accordance with their desires
'"d in order that there should be no
'nterefereDce with carrying on the
r to 'l victorious ending
New Government Rises
Ti e eni! eror hastened back from
f invii. only to nnu mat ine revo
't:n:; bud been successful and thai a
mv novo nnient was in control. The
"iiPri s, who, it .is alleged, has beeTi
:rifiv ntial in the councils opposed to
' v isiles of the people, is reported
-) rp'e led or to be in hiding.
Revolt S'arted in Fun
A'ltloueh considerable fighting took
v;n.-. it is not believed the casualties
to large.
""" early neriod of the uprising
Loie the character rather of a moi-V
revolution staged for an immense au
dience. Cossacks charging down the !
s'reet did so in a half hearted fashion
plainly without malice or intent to
harm the crowds that they playfully
dispersed. The troops exchanged
good natured raillery with the work
inemen and women and as they rode
were cheered by the people.
Long lines of soldiers stationed in
dramatic attitudes across Neivsky
Prospect, with the guns pointed at an
imaginary foe. appeared to be taking
part in a realistic tableau. Machine
guns tiring blank cartridges seemed
to add another realistic touch to a
tremendous theatric production which
was using the whole city as a stage.
Troops Battle Troops
Regiments had received an order
from the commandant to Are upon
persons assembled in the street. This
caused a sensation in the troops who
did not understand why they should
be compelled to take violent meas
ures against fellow citizens, whose
chief offense was that they were hun
gry and were asking the government
to supply bread. Several regiments
deserted and a pitched battle began
between troops who stood with the
eovernnient and those who. refusing
to obey orders, had mutinied. A long
night battle occurred between muti
nous regiments and the police imme
diately in front of the historic church
bhilt over the spot where Alexander
II was killed by a bomb. The police
finally fled to roof tops all over the
city and were seen no more in the
streets during the entire term of the
fighting.
Still, on Monday morning, the gov
ernment troops appeared t ocontrol
all the principal squares of the city.
Then came a period when it was im
possible to distinguish one side from
the other. There was no definite line
tetween the factions. The turning
point apneared to come about three
o'clock in the afternoon. For two
houis the opposing regiments passive
ly confronted each other along tho
wide Liteiny Prospect in almost com
plete silence.
From tune to time emniissaries
from the revolutionary side rode to
the opposing ranks and exhorted them
to Join the side of the people. For a I
while the result seemed to hang in I
the balance The troops pppesred Ir
resolute, awaiting the commands of
thei officers. wh themselves were in
doubt as to what they should do. IV
sultory firine continued along the side j
streets between erotms of govern- '
ment troops and revolutionists, but
the regiments upon whose riei i.sioii
the outcome rested still confronted
each other with machine guns and ri
des In reailiiies-s. ,
TfniDE Join f:evoltrs
j Suddenly a lew volUy:', were ft-
i -nangeii; mere w;i hcuhh-i- periou 01
silent suspf-nte iir"l Rovernment
repiment-s finally marched over to
join the revolutionist . A few hour
alter the first . lash the Duma, artill
ery and the other military he.ideart-
; !-; passed into the hands of the re-
I Vnlui miiary leaders and the uarfnre
swept like a tornado to other part
;ef ihe city where the scene was dup
licated. At first it seemed a miracle
! that the revolutionists, without pre
arranged plans, without leadership or
organization could achieve a complete
victory over the government. Rut the
solution lay in the reluctance of the
troops to take sides against the peo
ple. This strange army of people muster
fd on the street corners shouldered
their newly acquired rifles and march
ed out to join the ranks of the desert
ing soldiers. At nightfall one small
district of the city containing the
war office, the admiralty buildings,
St. Isaac's Cathedral and military ho
tel, still resisted the onslaught of the
revolutionary lorces and the battle
for possession of Petrograd came to
a dramatic conclusion. In the admir
alty building the council of ministers
secretly assembled for a conference
and the last regiments loyal to the old
government were drawn up as a guard
Ministers Beseiged
While the council sat in the last
meeting that they were destined to
hold the building was surrounded and
the beseigers poured rifle and ma
chine gun lire upon the defenders.
Vor a few hours the fiercest battle of
the day continued: the streets were
swept by a steady fusilade and the
crowds scattered fur the nearest shel
ter, some of the people being com
pelled to spend the night in court
yards or corridors of office buildings
or wherever they first found refuge.
Toward morning there was a sud
den lull, broken by exultant shouts
which deepened into a roar and was
succeeded by the Russian revolution
ary Marseillaise. The regiments de
fending the admiralty had surrender
ed and gone over to the side of tho
revolutionists.
People's Cause Triumphs
Tho ministers In the admiralty
'.ullding viere then arrested and the
national colors were replaced by the
-ed flag of the revolutionists. Al
though sporadic fighting continued
between small groups until Wednes
day, "the cause of the people had tri
umphed." CONFERENCE FAILS
TO STRIKE SATURDAY
(Continued Fyom Page One)
"tatement, expressed indigna'lon at
"e attitude taken by the railronds in
-eeiaring that a. strike would be un
patriotic. R. R. Thwart Wilson's Aim
"It goeg without sovinT" s"te
ment declared, "that the railroad em
iloyes have been patient and loyal to
i interests of the country and in
the event of war have offered teir
services to the government. It must
not be overlooked that during this
neriod, when the railroads have per
sistently denied their emploves that
which was intended by the President
in his proposition, and that which was
'ntended by the congress by the
Adamson act, the railroads during a
vear's period showed net-earnings of
over a thousand million dollars, while
the employes, with no increase In
wages, have suffered an increase in
the cost of living equal to more than
forty percent.
"If. after more than a year, we have
failed to secure some relief, and train
and enginemen conclude to fold their
'iinds and starve in reality rather
than by degrees, should they be con
sidered as disloyal to their flag?"
jpy ' 1.' VV
but pleasing yo
taste isn 't all
Not by a long ihot ! because lots of cigarettes
may f.loase your iasttf you've never exiHttted a
cigarette to do mors than that.
But Chesterfifli's Io something the besides please
the taste
Chesterfields just ''touch the spot' they da
what ciy,.vr smoker sav a cigarette can't do they
"SJTibFY"!
And yet, they're mildl
It's the lloid that's the idea! That, together
with the extra high-quality of the Imported and
Domestic tobaccos. And the blend can't tie copied.
If vou want good taste in a ciga
rette, and then more than that: a
cigarette that "satisfies" try Chts-
ttrntads, today.
ii
aofirio1?
C I T T B S- - - - -
of IMPORTED aid DOMESTIC iobaccos-Bhncld
-. r .
Await Wilson's Appcit
rectly to the patriotism of the men Wcn we" do hear we will take up
V. G. Ie was informed tonight of themselves, lie was aked wrnt ef- that question. Warren S. Stone de-
the announcement from Washington : fert this would liave.
that President Wilson would do ev- "Why do you ask me that?" he
erything in his power to avert a as'-ed "We have heard not!,ing from
strike and probably would unpen! di- t'-e !resid.t cf tl ("r'iie i States.
dared that if the President made M
rpneal to the men it would be con
sidered, but that there wa no bluff
"(-.Tit the strike.
MEAT WITH
THE LITTLE PORTABLE GAS HEATER ENABLES YOU
TO QUICKLY CONVERT THE COLDEST ROOM IN
YOUR HOUSE TO WARMTH AND CHEER IT GIVES
r
7 .
Comfort
i WHERE YOU WANT IT
WHEN YOU WANT IT
LIGHTS AT THE FLASH OF A MATCH CONNECTS
BY A FLEXIBLE METALLIC PJBE AND CAN V
EASILY MOVED FROM ONE ROOM TO A NOT! E5
QUICK
SAFE CLEAN
Prices $2.75 to $7.00
BbBEE
HUPBOV 1 i GO. FOUR
THE BISBEE, DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY MORNING, MARCH 16, 1917.
has so many angles that the nation is tottering, on the
edge of a chasm, and which is being held aright only by
Published Every Day Except Monday by the . the misht of brains and right of our ,ead,ir8. the four
Otate Consolidated Publishing Company railroad brotherhoods come forth, while the nation is
waiting, patiently, for the worse. They are taKing an
vantage of a time when it is nearly treasonable to take
jtiaieHLiibiaiiei
TKI5 UNFAIR WORLD
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered at Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee. Arlioni.
Under Act of March 3. '879
1 .
Subscription Rates, Payable in Advance:
PER MONTH S 76
THREE MONTHS 2.26
SIX MON fHS 4 00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.60
SUNDAY tOur Weekly I per year a
PNDM (Our Weekly ir iuMr-
" Subscription Taken Po' Le rn,,. -s .. ,
PHONE .MO i!
Rev subscribers not receiving coy o' lht d'stci
)ally rteview before 8am will get one promptly Or
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning
Circulation Department. No 3t The Review -nn ;.
elder it a favor if any Irregularity of delive'y is report
to the Circulation Department The Messenger tprwi
applies to Bisbee only.
Thoueh therp is "honor unions'
such action; they place themselves in a singularly bad thieves" there is little anions boot
position before the American people and they may expect leggers. This was proven in Tucs'jn
this week when three bootleggers,
to find the people of the country, the people who sup- whose supply had run low, held up a
ported their demands last fall, breaking away from them brother in the same fraternity and re
lieved him of a machine load m the
and demanding that they be Americans in the fullest i(iuor. The victim 'roared' so loud
sense of the word and make some sacrifice at a time a,,out outrage' that the Tucson
police heard ol the affair and are m
when such an action is needed. vestigating.
Friday Morning, March 16, 1917.
Massasoit's Posterity.
I Seldon B. Jackson, an Apache In
j dian registered with the government
as C. B. 5, residing near Cutter, on
The Massachusetts legislature proposes to pay a pen- the San Carlos reservation, s'.ot and
vounded an Indian squaw. Jac;.s n
a J indul.-ed in a tiwin pany and
bought his squav was being niorder
.d. lh. a:sailant is in the counl
.ail at Globe aaj tb.. o jeer, are in
es.iga.ing the 'party.
Flon to three old ladies, Mesdames Teeweelema, Went
ne' a-rmske and Zerviah. They are to receive $100 a
year each, not for any service they have rendered the
state but in re'-oTrition of an ancient obligation
They are the last descendants of the famous Indian
... , ,. .i Glon Tho-nas, driver of one of ths
rhicf Massasoit, who as every schoolboy knows was the automobile stages between Globe .and
friend and ally ef the Mayflower pilgrims after their set- P oenix duesn't la.'jw whether he was
.... r, i, j . a ,... mreauned wi.h a hold-up several
1 lenient m Massachusetts. They are well educated, but ni;hls agQ or was mista!.pn for a
'merunious, living by tolerance on lands long since b..otiegger With four pa-senge"! 3 he
j ""as making his way into Globe, hn
SDl11' ' he saa- a machine stopped near the
It's a common saying that democracies are ungrateful, road. He stopped, thinking the oc-
, , ... ...i.- cupants .of the other machine might
Surely it seems ro. when Massasoit s posterity has to wait ne )(, some hpip 0na of the ,t.nfijn
nearly three centuries fcr recognition. The amount of the 'other machine turned a flash light
.i - , . ..,, ,.,, j .ifi win aau u uaiseu on. inon:a&
li:e fir'UMUli, 1171), iu i i iiuuiii LU unui.i u j m. imj ritivc,
Pressing School Funds.
With the school census of the Warren District point
ing to the 4000 mark being reached and passed there j for any rommunity of white men in America to admit
till wonders.
I the chances are that it won't have to be paid for very
i
I mny years. Still, it's something, even this late day,
comes to the attention of the people the needs cf the
basis of all our civilization our schools. Bisbee must
keep up with her school needs. Our roads, our farms and
many of our improvements may be approached with pro
crastination but our schools, when needful of attention,
should be free of this evil.
The schools of this district have been much in the pul
lic eye, during the lat several years. In spite of this,
however, they have not received the conscientious scru
tiny to which they are entitled on the part of the wlioh
people. Of course the school board is the delegated au
thority and its members have devoted a great amount of
time to the work of improving conditions. Several bond
issues have been passed but the need for more improve
ments, which means more money, is at hand and pressing.
On March 24 the people of the school district will b,
asked to approve of a bond issue for $100,000 for school
purposes. The money is absolutely needed and the tax
payers and others, entitled to vote at the election, should
take more than a passing interest in the election.
Unfortunately, heretofore, our people have paid litfi
attention to the needs of the schools. The schools ia this
District are far advanced. They are rated among the
best, not only in Arizona, buf; in the entire country. As
demanded and necessary, the trustees have added new
equipment, new buildings and teachers. With the ever
increasing number of people in the region, new demands
for schoWs are being made. This demand must be met.
Take some interest in the school bond election on
March 24th and provide the trustees with mcney suffi
cient to make every needed improvement and to keep our
schools in the front rank!
War's Derfocrtizinsr Influence.
War. that most terrible of scourges, has its compensat
ing features. Like any great epidemic, it brings surviv
ors together in a manner, impossible in any other way,
and it also eliminates a great amount of drift timber.
This makes for democracy and it would appear that the
greatest influence for good that the present war has
brought forth was recorded yesterday when the Russian
Duma took over the reiens cf government and gave it
into the hands of the people.
It would be hard to forecast, at the present time to j"t
what extent the action of the Russian parliament would
take that great nation. Russia is in the midst of the ere.it
est war in history and around its activity revolves the
fortune of the Allied nations. Since the coroniejeemeiit
of hostilities in July, 1914, Russia has undergone many
changes.
Russian people have come to have a different outlook
on life. The peasants are fighting the war. Before 1911
they did not understand that they were necessary to the
Russian empire. With hardships, with contact with other
arms, with other people, their vision lias broadened and
a realization of their future possibilities has come.
Out of the chaos of war, which is now takiric. annar
ently. the best in the Itussiau empire, ft is, undoubtedly,
bringing together the best elements; the good in the aris
tocracy, the middle class aud the peasant. It will merge
all into one big whole and the result will be another dem
ocratic nation, in spirit. If not wholly in governmental
form.
Again the highest paid class of laboring men in the
luited States is placing the country in a predicament
which may yet twist our destiny into uncharted aud haz
ardous channels. Tho four railroad brotherhood heads
have given the railroad executives until Saturday night
at 6 o'clock to come to their terms. t Meanwhil, the Unit
ed States is facing every other kind of a crisis and its
own people 400.000 of tliem arc adding to its burden.
It has been remarked that in practically every instance
of international trouble, be it v'ar or diplomatic tangle,
the worst enemies a nation tail have are those in the
country, itself. We have alicu enemies in this country, we
have naturalised Americans who are and who will be, ia
case of (rouble, our enemies, and then again we have
those who. like the railroad nun of the country at tin
present time, are taking advantage of the country to ag
grandise their own fortunes aud their wages.
m-i u. I . , T lie Cl.,1,. 1. r..,l,,,. ., illij-llr.n "-lj
Ms oh!'g?tion to any members of the red race.
There have beeu many Indian chiefs in tnany sections
of the country whose friendship for white pioneers was
8 "Itv! and disinterested as Massasoit's. How mar.y
of them have received any substantial reward, or been
remembered witii gratitude by the children of the men
hey befriended, or received honorable mention by our
historians?
Gila county o;fierj are investig.it
ar. i.Hl in .iiauii of a woman
with three children who claims o to
e ne ..i a :e:itaa ..ho r.-sidoj
h. re Ihr .c .-e aation is fccirm
...le upon the fact tiiat the man,
vhose name is Coroiul, rpcentl i'g
.red in a seiisa'.ionai kidnapping care,
. h n he abducted a beautiiul, deaf
and dumb girl from her parents tt
Miami and afterward t'jld her in Los
Angeles. Coronel married the girl in
order to escape the consequences of
prosecution. ,
Superintendent C. F. Thilbrook, of
the Bisbee schools and one of the
leading educators of the state, was a
visitor to the Glondale schools, oiie
day the first part of this week, lie
Kmc n iiun uiui liuerf-siiii" r.-i u- in "Vo.. ... i
ho s-tud.-nta jf tile high school. He! hundred t loasund dollars is planned
p.-. the gu-t of I'rof. McKee. of th- for Fla..t ff uunu? the vear 13i. ai
.lencale seh-'ols. cording u t;..;yre rcc-en.ly .:: i..:e
here. i':-i..ii:u-:ii"a.i.ong the li.uny iin
"Thc Hatrah Hy" intirp:-.te:1 r. nrnv. n i r.i nt i-.t-v. .., .. . ,v.
seems to be expected as a matter of! arge number of people in Douglas on eral ol the cuy s setr t oi.hm-o in
...v. in; um ne t.;iiv.u t.ie wans ci ciauing an l.iks- louge. .Muscuie iem
:.r Oa'lsdcn Hotel frori the ground Ple and Knights of Colaaibu home
o the roof, wiiaout aid of ladder or Several nev business tAnks eotin?
'jje. He -made his way up on t!iefrom $2j,M"j t'j $r0.(M'0 are projected,
".oiidow rills a::d by means of other Los Angt!'-" operators are planning
'U vices where he could secure a hard-i the establishment hero o!" a l:ire
Soldiers and Agriculture.
Most people who are looking ahead to conditions ?ftt r
the war expect a great era of manufacturing activity.
They base that expectation largely on the idea, that many
millions of "war-disciplined men" will be peculiarly fitted
their military experience for a career of induslrial
efficiency. It
course that soldiers will turn from the trenches to the
factors'.
This isn't necessarily true. There is likely to be a
great increase in industrial production, but that increase
may be due to improved machinery and more efficient
m:naeement rather than to the turning of a larger part
cf the r'-pn'r-t'on to industrial production. So far as the
men themselves are concerned, experience and common
sense seem rather to point to a new interest in agricul
ture.
It was so after our own civil war. There was a tre
mendous demand for agricultural lantf. The returning
soldiers, in general, were not eager to work in factories.
They had become accustomed to life in the open, and
found any sort of work that kept them indoors unheclthy
and intolerable. They wanted fresh air, freedom, in
dependence. And to that natural desire was duo the
rapid settlement of vast areas of public land in the West
which otherwise would have taken decades longer for
development.
Will it not be so in this case? Great Britain, in the
midst of her plans for preserving aud extending her
world trade, has recognized the tendency of soldiers to
develop a wanderlust after their home-coming, aud has
arranged to provide land for all who want it in the out
'ying parts of the British Empire. Ancient Rcnu- used
to do the same thing after big wars.
Not all the belligerents liave spacious colonies in which
to provide homes 'for soldier-pioneers. Lacking them,
the belligerent countries must face the prospec. of losing
the more restlsss part cf their young manhood unless
they keep the men at home by force.
If there is no prohibi'ion. the United States may look
forward to a considerable immigration of prospective
farmers, after the war. And we can easily accomolato a
n.i'linn . tu-r. urlfl il iitr. ul farnipru if tllPV I'flHUV Plllllic
laud in the We it is scarcer than it used to be, but there
is plenty ef good and fairly cheap land to b" found in
every section of the country and in almost fery com
munity. The Hast and the Mi'ddie West K.-ei agriciil
frp.l pioneers almost as much as the West and South do.
And every such pioneer is a more valuable g.iir. to the
country than he would be if he went iuti the factory
or opened a little store.
' ( ofl W Vnintf UNOre- T" '
NvFAR AND You E I X Si
hat W tvfRv- )
t fjr s-y w.
mil 'ii Jibll &
ft, -f. - UtiriKzeuctP-
it
ft. ? '-,XVsl
tiC'd.
Albert Rowe, while helping at a fir'
brit k j laut and have been m:ik:n.
tests of various eiays in this section.
Contracts for the paving of from 2"
n a store at Miami, was dangerously to 30 blocks and the installation of
oiJ.;-il t hen a large number of . a n sevvr system are annum the
cartridges exploded. One of th bul
lets struck him in the leg. He dropped
to the floor of the building and it was
only with the greatest difficulty that
the firemen saved him fi'jm burning
to death.
Because Indians of the San Carlos
ford have collected exorbitant sums
from tourists for hauling their ma
chines through the quicksands. Glooe
businessmen have petitioned the su
pervisors of Gila and Graham corn
ties to employ a man with a team to
haul cars across the river. Under'
the present arrangement it is said
'hat tourists travel is beins discour
aged by the outrageous charges of the I
Indians who do not hesitate to relieve
'he travellers of all that they can p'.n
ibly collect. It is estimated that th"
Indians have collected as high as $lu0
a day for this service.
iiiiFi'Jvenients
plated.
immediately content-
The new flotation piant in tne north
unit of the Old Dominion concentrator
will be completed by April 1, it was
announced. The Old Dominion pro
duction l'jr February was 2.6W.0O0
pounds of copper.
ONE OF THE RESULTS
or the good service rendered by the Miners
& Merchants Bank is the steady increase
in deposits.
Your account, subject to check is cor
dially invited.
,cfeafea?-y'bg&i ,s!-'jspjbg ' i n i j i i - n i - - -
fj
1
i
i
An immense body of copper ore has
.een struck in the Pride shaft ne:r
Parker, t'.ie ore si cot being devri'jpi d
i: a depth of about 133 feet. The ere
rns about $12 00 a ton. Copper
a!je are Increasing in .h? Copper
asin hait . hie l ir: now i.: nr;
,iade sjlphiue raiiniug as high a . 2
The UniU'd Kastern mine at Oat
man will produce something liKe
$1,725,000 in the nxt year if the
average for the last thirty days is
maintained. Since the mill was put
into operation in January the United
Eastern has shipped more than 6.0e0
ounces of gold valued at $75,000. The
main three compartment shaft is now
down 665 feet and it is expected that
it will cut the vein at 950 feet. The
drift on the 800. level on the Crescent
is now over 3U feet in quartz and
calcide and the vein is becoming
wid"r. The vein was cut in a cross
cut tunnel on the 800 level, and il
is believed that with 50 feet of drift
ing a good ore shoot will be opened.
Arrangements for the taking over by
t e Union Metals Corporation of a
l i.r.nber of properties in the Cebart
j d.strirt are now being consummated.
The UniVn Metals Corporation is
.....-AAA
TIME AND fi
ItT 'tn r l:-.n v-fkln r i - not.. ,J r .
" jiw in'- H : r -i.nA,.n i
"Soft and Lazy."
Those were true aud fmo words that Theodore Roose
velt wrote in reply to W. J. Bryan's request for a joint
debate on preparedness:
"Assuredly alien foes will make of us a booty and a
spoil unless in time we show that we are not unlit to fce Cached little significance to the telj
the sons of the men who with iron courage faced the iron
uatenal tor installing the nu.i.Din?
plant of the New Paz Gold Mii.i: g
.'J.npany 1 as b'-en delivered at I'.ou..e
and is nov being hauled to the pr p
y at the old Va i'az tounsi-.e ' lire
11 5 1 et in dep. ith : " in '
. ing av j'l-. been co . plet-
e a Pai C.olJ ..lining cm;au. i..
. ad, i. as a !a:i iiuu tu- ol :,ien at
vork on the pipe line which will cai
ry the water lour and a half miles
to a res, rvoir mar Quartsite.
i at tie 1. f.Y V . a l.ir.vel. r.'-pon.ill..-
ior tho 0tr...c .n .'.je U: t
.all ,s t e con. en. u oi V.ii'i.'on it
I'lan imih y, Coped aily afUr'ihe'rca.l
inT . f a night Utter v. hicii ca:ne fro.n
Miami to some I. W. W. prisoners -i
the Tucson jali. The telegram stat d
"We rebelo of Miami, in regular
meeting ol tiie I. W. W. assemble .1,
guarantee you our support in our light
lor lre?doiu. We shall use any tactics
.n our po.er lj open t.:e pri-ou dor .,
..uj,ing that your only crime wu.;
loyalty U your class." Sheriff r.Iiks,
ol i iaia county, declared that he at-
is the Galcomla ConsolidaLed. Most
of tho properties now in the hands of
the company are in northern Mohave
county.
ILLINOISAN'S RISE
AN INSPIRATION TO
AMBITIOUS YOUTHS
The time and energy of the entire force
of this Bank is devoted to caring for the
business you entrust to us and furnish
ing a banking service that is complete and
sattslactory m every detail.
Bank with us.
dayb; uulebs with forethought and resolute endcaver, be
fore it is too late, before our doom is upon us, we act
ourselves to train our vaot, but our boft and lazy
strength."
That's the trouble with this
though vast, is "soft and lazy."
cess has begun, under the stress of relentless necessity,
and it will go ahead in spile of all the well-meaning but
Uii.-tuiieii phcili.its. , ;
Frank L. Doran, a supervisor of Gila
county, who was accused of mi. co;
Met in o.iice, haj been vindicated in
. .e sr.pericr court wheu Judge .-hu.e
i granted tne rcmurrer and dismissed
the indictment against hi.n. Tb '
nation. Its strength, cliarges were preferred against Don n
But the hardening pro- ' -'"elusiun of f.e .-.-and jury.
f
A;ii
id i , '
With Money
- --ii jHinti ever mce the
' " i
-iV t
l
Uui 6avint9 Depart
tik, .K u'Ciie loi you with the tour per cent
I . -11.
. uui MAKE n
(o
! i.il iiiDi.iiii; beard is -i)!i:-i-.lci'iriK measures.
meet Great Britain's action in l'Tein.; Amerie i ship-;
te carry British supplies. It is taid "."resident's io-
eljuiatiou prohibiting transfer of Amcricuu bhipi to for- Judge O. J. Ilaughn aud 11. G. Kichard-
si'U are the organisers of the m-w
w- ii " l" :i'u i-i a -w-'vu. i,..i,
Word has been received from 11 e
comptroller of the curremy that ' l e
has appi.ivrd the appiiVaMon of l ldr
tnee capitalist.! for pi rniission to c.--g.-i:iize
a national bank at Florem
The new hank is io he known as ti e
First National I ": I' k of Flrcm;e an I
will have a capital ol J-.Ti.l'nu. rj, y
P. Woiitton. G. W. (illileV. It. L. lim ns.
tar
'"oliin'.on.
lUl;
Krpnr raili-oad section hand to
F?::i.'s ii:ti!-i ey, at an i.i.inml salary
c .': v!y o 1 is a bi jump, bnt
it s a pn.-t cf t!:: !eeot-. ,if (::r K.
1 n ii..,'.n. 11k- liew iub'ie '-m.f e'Utc-r
c ''or ';. o,ip.:y. I !. IJ ii.insen
v. .id ins Way through liUno.s col
lege :u.d the Lniverit) of C!:ago
law school, from whieii lie leCtUtly
graduated.
Citizens Bank & Trust Company
tam street Blab, ArisnaA
Vili E McKee Presioem C A. McDonald Cahir.
O. W. Wolf. Atsistant Cashier.
THE DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS THE BISBEE DAILY .REVIEW, FRIDAY, MORNING, MARCH 16, 1917.
FIVE
1
Vi
i.
; ?
A
... A
. .1
i
i
t
PHILBROOK SAYS BONDS MUST
BE VOTED TO SOLVE QUESTION
OF OVERCROWDED SCHOOLS HERE
OLD GLORY FLO,
OVER "WOODROV
TS IX SWITZERLAND
OODROW WILSON SOLDIERS' HOME"
MARiHELLO VJfSll
1
be
tue
"A live room builuing si.ouia
constructed at Uaneu. Lotu
ttairen anu Green way scnoois aie
bieato ciow'ueU. e nave abt'U lor
ujore giounu at tae sue ol Uie Ureen
way souooi, anu our request lias uecii
ajiproveu by Captain joun C. ureen
nay, who vk iii leoo.iuneuu mat u ue
t-raiited.
n:e money train tue s,ue 01 ouns
. uteu iei ciiio oi iwe cousn ucliuii 01
u SwuuOi at LAjweii udS ue. a ircei.eu
allu v e kill SOUIl S14JI COllbli UcLlOtl OL
t.it uullulll. 11U lO a KVcU l)Ucd
wou Witicti aiose re&uiuiiie; Lite uuuud,
Me were no., ame 10 stu.i uu us
soon as we iiopeu. howfti, i..e new
uuLuiug win ue reauy lor cnulu..
That the schools of the Warren Dis-1 ty pupils are now enrolled in the two
trict are so overcrowded as to make rooms of the building. If possible.
the voting ot the $100,000 school i we may add two more rooms to me i
bonds at the election March 24 an 1 scuool.
absolute necessity, was the statement
yesterday of C. F. Philbrook, city su
perintendent ol schools, who returned
to thiB city several days ago after
having spent several weeks in Phoe
nix for his health .
One thousand pupils are now en
rolled at the Central school explained
Mr. Philbrook. although there is seat
ing capacity for but 800. Two rooms ;
are now being rented at Lowell owing j
to the crowded condition of tuat '
school. The new school at Warren is j
already overcrowded and it is pointed
out that, with the unusual amount of
building going on and with the large .
number of new families moving into j
Warren addition, the situation will ;
uj me oeUiUcr oi t..e lail t,-r,.i, uieii
iieip rtnre tae coiitiisuou ai
grow more serious unless immediate
action is taken. ! " '"
"In the entire District," said .Mr. j Lowel.
Philbrook yesterday, "There are 12 3 Junior riian Sc.ioois
school rooms with more than 50 pup- e iaieim to luusuuci luiee jun
ils; seven with between 45 and 50 pup- i 'or .igu scnoois, 'oiie eaca in i-jeii,
lis and 12 with between 40 and 45aien ana wsuee. bonus uite ai
- pupils. As it is impossible for a j ieauy been voieu lor t..e scuo. .n
teacher to do good work with more Lweii. luiee jumoi aiga bc.co.s
than 40 pupils to look after, it will!i"i tae taie oi pupiis in u,e set
tle seen that there is a total or 32 . en.u, Cigutn anu nintu grauts, aim
rooms in the district that are far ov-tis wilt pre. em. tue uig scoui Horn
ercrowded. The Lowell, Central, War becoming oiercrowueu in u'.e aer
ren and Lincoln schools are pari.icu- iuture.
larly overcrowded. i ' tsonie dissension aas aiison o.r
Many Schools Planned the aate lor uiiuuaug l..e uun..s
"If the bonds carry, and I am cou- w-icli wnl oe ou-u upoa .vlaica . ..
fident they will, it is -the plan of ti e ! .-. arst oi t..ese botiut, .u m-iaie
school board to build a s.hiol. v ith i"'u i"e reusjn taat noe oi luein
at least four rooms, in Upper Tcmb- will matiire beioie taen is tiecuuse ot
stone caw on, somewhere in tlie vie n- ! tae tact tuat in iti'M tue principal' oi
ity of the Charles Thomas placo. The I p; act it-ally all sci.ool bonus oiea at
addition would greatly relieve ite
congestion in the Lincoln and Central
schools, and many pupils who fire
now walking down the cinyon to
school would be saved a great d al of
time going to and from school.
"A one-room addition is also needed
at the Powell school in Tintown, tie
voted to the education of Mexican
previous elections will nac D u j.uid j
it tile bonus voted at tins next eiec-
' tion started to mature in a lew years
the buiden on tae taxpayers wjuiJ
be a reat deal lieaitT taan it taey
uic aiiowcu to run until jov iua .a;
tr. I believe it is to the Lest nucr
.fcts ot every resident of the Uaircn
district tiiat tiie $iM),oi(i school bonus
. Jk-ll t 5 Lx
' .. .' -v. "
. : .. .
m
i. McDonald s Mari-
pjjjL nello Shop.
lire it to make
your arms, hands,
face or. d neck look really
beaui.ful.
Applied easily and
quietly. One applica
tion makes a good ikin
lock better anj a bad
tin look wcl!. Pcnltwly caa
art be drtrt'H. ii'ief rubi
otf or ejected by peripaalioa.
deaoiwtntion by
txpclt Cotaclician
REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF
Citizens' Bank and Trust Co.
BISBEE, ARIZONA
Bisbce, in the State of Arizona, at the close of business March 5th, 1917.
M.e "H
o.'-i ..1.11 S-.-.t r.; iioiiiir ill ti.v.izeriynd.
boys and girls. One hundred and fi if- i be voted at the election."
"THE SPOILERS" IS
EAGLE FEATURE TODAY
Tho "V'ooJio.v Vwaon
Emories n roloVy in Swlt;:cr!
he froptjer. Tle Ar.ic-; k-iui
:'".v:si ug from the .tit? . .-.
f u house tho (iup'.icatc T
'Ain;iiiam Lirco'n Soldier.-' !
;.t.ii(l ;,fier I'leiiieiit Vv"
eld.
Willi lm rarnum's Famous
Maste
Comes to Eagle Theatre .
"SOBS" SINK MANY
IN MEDITERRANEAN tiiGINE CREW DIES
AS S. P. TRAIN TURNS
GVER NEAR EL PASO
l lij He t lew Leased Wire")
II I "TI T IN U 1 " 1 - ,
Masterpiece Ot the rums Sayville, Delayed) The following of
ficial statement concerning vet-is
sunk by German submarines was ma ie
public today:
"Six steamers and sailing ships,
with a total tonnage of 35,000, havp
been sunk in the Mediterranean
Among them were: February 17. the
The All Star Feature distributor."
will present Selig'8 wonderful visual
ization of Rex Beach's famous novel.
"The SDOilersV This engagement v .11
j (By Review Leased Wire)
EL PASO,- Marrh 15 The west
. bound Southern Pacitic passenger
. train No. 9 crashed through a bridge
Ht ! jioint toily seven miles east of
El Pa:'j tonight, causing the death of
the engineer and fireman. Engine,
baggage car and mail t ars were badly
gales and 1.U0U workers on board. j wrecked, according to the report re
"A French transport steamer of ceived at the local offices of the rail
about 10,i0 tons under convoy and an , way.
armed steamer nf a OOH tons with a A n-mcliiiio fr.iin u ).,. ,nlv ..
--- ???men t0 trt-.1b performance at o raiiroad ttupplies; an Italian i nloyes of the on-pany Were "given
i..uu iiduu uuu coaiiaue uaL-.i a..-v steamer with flour and parcels troni
p. m. Two hours and hlteen minutes Geiioa for Alexandria , and March 12
are required for the exhibition. The &TnwA steamer under convoy nf about
time ot starring ot eacn penorniance v .(.a tons
Horas" hao been pieeai-jj l.y the
s so!dies doin,T patn.l duty aioii'i
om one end of th roof and the
scr.t.'d by the American colony
n nl'ove and is known lis the
es the same purpose as the one
MARIE DORO DOESN'T
APPRECIATE SABOTS
Little Actress Who Appears
Tonight at Central is Parti
cular About Her Shoes.
be for today at the Eagle and in order er Athos U 6U c;n,.Jyed by
that everyone may have an opportun- destroyer and one battalion of Sene-
ity to witness the exhibition Vf these
4narvelou; pictures, it has been con
sidered advisable by the local man-
' will therefore be as follows: ll:4o,
2:30. 5:15 and 8:00 o'clock. If
those who intend to vie this produc
tion will arrange to be in their seats
at the time stated above, they will
be able to retain the continuity of the
, entire story. In New York, Chicago,
Loa Angeles, thousands jf people were
. turned away, unable to view these
v,.a T I - ufinHurfnl nictlirou Tn Sn
Francisco the management found is James E. Ferguson was exonerated of
necessary to open, the doors at 9:30
in the morning, and even with this
extension of time, thousands were un
able to gain admission.
HOUSE EXONERATES
! GOVERNOR OF TEXAS
(By Review Leased Wire)
AUSTIN, Tex., March 15. Governor
charges preferred and investigated by
the investigating committee in a re
port submitted to the house late to
day, the resolution holding the charges
were unworthy of impeachment.
passage, was despatched to tue scene
of the wreck shoitly after receipt of
the news. Reports received so far
stale that no passengers were killed.
The name of the engineer t'j lose his
nis lite was Oeorge walker. No-.in-
'"My sympathy goes to any w'jman
in a country where they have to wear
sabots", grumbleii Marie Doro, who
will be seen at the Central theatre.
Lowell, today, in the Lasky-Paramount
production of "The Lash", as she
hobbled across the stage and dropped
into her waiting chair. "I think they
are horrible things. It is bad etjugh ;
for men to have to wear them two or
three hours here at the studio, but
impagine people having to wear them
week in and -week out. They each
weigh a ton and hurt in the most un
expected places."
"When I was over in' Brittany, I
DALTON AND WARNER
UUNSTITUTE STRONG
TEAM IN THE FILMS
1 r. 'angle 1 . ture Favorlles
Will be Seen Tonight at
'1 he Orpheum. Weber and
Helds tlso in the dame
rrogram.
Althougu foroi.li' Lalton was burn
anu rcareu in chuaw, .-he never uii
leell "sluaiuiiU; ' lu her lue, allul out.
went 10 aau lanct&co, ieeuuj .'j ta
act soaie cCcUcs tor one 01 me lait
piayo. Sue accuuipanieu a. ti. Ut
net- ana a co.apany oi piayera to uit.
Wj City during tue prouuctiou ot "--w
taauoiiu i-ruii'i," wmcu appears a.
cae uiviu.u awiu ioua, Liie iri
uii-iHz-iXj xee ity j. ci. AAttvktko,
iU n ll.ca ViUel la the o.al', bilu
iitc tuciti lue uppui.uu.lj w tec -uit
Vii me s..e nau ne.ei sceu Keloid
pre.eiiieu ilseil.
Uiulyn went to San Francisco osten
Biitt) lur uie purpose 01 plioioBiopaiaB
acen auoaiu uie Uuat., uav, auitiuB
there ae rtaiueu hat ue uau to aiu
auce a nu.uuer 01 actnes xitniu .
"uaraary i oasi ' dance uau. c..
pel suaie nuoa utaiOopt.re and bubvo
t.'jns by going to "tue cuaal,' " hv.
llioughi. anu mentioned the tact to
members ot the company. 'Ihey pruuip.
ty agreed witu the uirector, ana tue
enure company started out to "uo" tat
"coast"
"I have read about people going
'slumming.'" said Miss Dalton to
Giblyn, wliile the party was wending
its way through the maze tf dimly
lighted streets and alleys, "but I hau
no idea that this was what it . was
like. I'm just a trifle 'skeered.'"
The "atmosphere" of the "coast" is
said to have aided materially in the
production of the dance-hall scene.
RESOURCES.
Loans and Discounts, less due from Directors
Due from Directors
Overdrafts
State, County and Municipal Bonds
Other Bonds, Stocks, Securities, etc
Banking House, Furniture and Fixtures
Real Estate
Current Expenses and Taxes Paid
Specie
Legal Tender and National Bank Notes
Exchanges for Clearing
Other Cash Items '.
Due from State and National Banks,
Approved Reserve Agents
Due from State and National Banks,
not Reserve Agents
Assets not included under above heads, viz:
Courtland Lot Bldg. Furn. & Fixtures
Mexican Money (Gold Value)
Total
LIABILITIES
Capital Stock Paid in"
I Undivided Prolits
Individual Deposits subject to check
Savings Deposits J.
Certitied Checks
Cashier's Checks outstanding
Total
. $223.741. 4
7,558. 9
3.367.81
. S7.162.Sl
. 3.24.03
. 34.10J.62
. 2.0S2.17
. 1,921. a.
$13,404.25
37,569.00
3.754.09
906.00
.... 47.743.03
1.7S9.SU 105,266.17
.-. 3,605.01
'. 82.91
$474,147.24
$ 50.0O0. 00
6.025.41
....$268,042.13
.... 148,813.94
100.00
... 1,165.85 413,121.93
...$474,147.34
SPANISH LESSONS
by successful teacher, privately and
in class. , Spanish conversation and
correspondence correctly and rapidly
taught. Individual coaching adapted
to. advanced students. Address Box
2T74, Bisbee. Advertisement. 077
formation relating to the cause of tho used to admire quaint costumes and
wreck or the rate of speed of the imagined that I would like to wear,
train could be obtained at the division one. l a"J enjoy cimiDtng around me
superintendent's otlice here.
W. B. Thompson of Now York pljns
to organize a motor machine company
of 150 men to be independent or any
other unit of New York militia. The
company w ill be supported entirely by
private funds.
t
I
Ask tout
rocks in this quaint skirt and these 1
i funny, boots, but when I can slip into
j a nice, new Parisian evening gown
' for some of the other scenes, I really
feel much better. You know it takes
a lot of time to learn how to wear a
costume as if you had been b'orn in
it. For a- whole week before we got
'ready to photograph "The Lash", I put
j on my St. Ba'tiste costume every
I morning and did all my gardening in
it, until finally I became accustomed
I to it.
j "It was very exciting down at the i
i beach," continued the dainty little
star. "The little hole between the
rocks through which Ell.'Jtt Dexter
and the fisherman had to shoot their
boat on the crest of a wave, was very
dangerous, and several times I
thought they were going to be dashed
against the sharp sides and thrown
againt the jagged rocks. In the story
1 a:n supposed to be a little fish.'rniaid
who sees the two nun capsized, and
'j do an to help them. I didn't need
any acting at all or those scenes, De I
cause I really was terribly frightened.
The waves kept throwing the beat
around so that I feared at any moment
it would strike Mr Dex'.er or the
oth r rv.an, or that they would te
ajsht betv.ecu the boat and .ho
rocks, but they came out all right
outride of a good wetting and a fev.
bruises.
"It is strange ' o .v one beco ues s
intent upon making a picture a suc
cess, that one disregards all danger.
I believe that after that frightened
lisherrran refused to attempt tbr feat
f no one ere hal volunte-red, '
O 'l'i have offer, d o do 1 ysei:
ra h.r than to ravr let t e --onder
' '1 sec ne.
"i" Iter It v.-as all cvir, v e ei a
to exhausted that wo tonk no v:on:
tcencs that day, but sat artmnd on
the beach . and talked about wha
night have been."
SCIENCE IS PERMEATING
U. S. SCHOOLS, REPORTED.
NEW YORK, March 15. School re
sults and methods are being scrutin
ized as never before, and "the scienti
fic attitude is permeating education."
the annual report of the General
Education Board, issued here today,
asserts in connection with its sum
mary of education research work in
the United States.
The report showed that up to June
30 last appropriations amounting to
nS.;;03.,"77 had been made by the
board for universities and colleges,
general and medical education and re
search work. The board was estab
lished by John D. Rockefeller in 1902
to promote education in this country.
It had on hand June 30 funds and un
expended income totalling $15,735,440.
Mate of Arizona, County of Cochise, ss.
1, C. A. McDonald, Cashier of the above named bank, do solemnly swear
ndt ..i.e uaotc .uuii.t..i is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
C. A. McDONALD. Cashier.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 14tn day of March, 1917.
(SEAL) BRUCE PERLEY, Notary Public.
(My Commission Expires Feb. 16, 1920.)
Correct Attest
WILL E. McKEE,
B. A. TAYLOR.
E. A. WATKINS,
W. It. BANKS.
Directors.
MEXICANOS.
Conciudadanos: Habiendo visto en
la prensa de este pais la inminencia
de una huelga general ferrocarrilera,
orLJ opi rtuno recordarles la conven
'.encia de que todoj los mexicanos per
manezcan neutrales, en llegado el
aso, cVm objeto de evitar cualquier
;cnrticto internacional.
Naco, Ariz., Marzo 15 de 1917.
El Consul de Mexico.
A. CASARIN, Jr.
(Advertisement)
-though Lost
to sight-
to memory dear!
If you were "suddenly called
away, would this proverb
hold good? Insure it by see
ing that your friends and
relatives have a life-size at
tractive photorgaph of you
The KIND WE MAKE
a permanent remembrance
of yourself.
DIX STUDIO
Jakob Schmd Bildg.,
Brewery Gulch.
The Photographer in your town.
FOR SALE
Two chair barber shop outfit. Uncle
Jim, Brewery Gulch.
Advertisement. 563
The
Beautiful
iLYRI
P
Continuous from 1 to 10 P. M.
Program Changed Daily.
"THE GAMBLERS"
A Remarkable 5 Reel Drama
Vitagraph Presents
Frank Daniels in
"KERNEL MUTT THE PIANO
TUNER4)'
1 Reel Comedy
ADMISSION
Reserved seats .25c
Lower Floor 10c
Balcony 5c
rocer-Ke mows
cA 1ER SA3AM0FE
IS REPORTED SUNK
(Dy Review Leas-.d Wire)
ro.STON. .V.ir. lO. -Ai.vrti ot the
'Virrn I ine nnrounced todpy that
ey had received inditert word that
the. 'tiritioh steamer Sagamore which
sailed fioni Iloston for Liverpool ou
l'e'n'iary "1. bud been sunk by a sub
marine. The S;ganiorc wan iu command of
Captain P. Ciiiniiiiiu's and had a crew
of lilty. t-'he carried a general carco
im hiding iniinition.s for tv ltritj.;li
S'lverniiieiil and was anned ii.-leni
illi a 1.7 int!) gun. Voi-st anil ciir-
, . ..I... .1 ! -II
MISSES WAGNER AND GOSS
AFTER INDOOR TENNIS. '
NEW YORK. Marcli 15. Miss Marie j
Wagner and Miss Eleanor Goss won
places in the Anal and championship
round of tV.e women's national indoor
tennis championship touma.nent to
night Miss Wagner, five times holder
of the title, iu her semi-final out-drove
Miss Corona Winn. Thv score Mas
6-1. 6-4.
Miss (loss, a Brooklyn girl, playing'
n ";or second pen touma :ient, di
played great brilliancy and pwer in
her net game, defeating Miss Marion
Vanderhoof at 4-6, 13-11, 7-5.
The match for the cha npionsnip
ill be p ay.d Saturday morning.
STAR
Theatre
New Chairs New Music
Today
Big Red Feather Feature
"CHILD OF MYSTERY"
5 Reels.
ADMISSION
CUBS. 4; OAKS, 2.
fllkTlVh r'ul M-, r.h 15 Tl,
Chicago Nationals evened up tveir dr- J
fra' of ye terday by trimi in? today
"a' lan l rosst leaguers i to 2
C'irago 4 10 1
aV!an ' 2 9 0
. Do-.la anj Ui:o:t; Kre-
r, Pruif. and Callan
c
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
JEROME
AND
Oafman
Stocks
! ri't Bri r, O t U: si- 'I S tts.
How to Remove Eisllv.
The women with tender skin dread
M-rch because it is li'rely to cover
tr face with ucly fr-c';'es No mat
ter how thick her veil, the sua and
inf's bai-e a srrong tendency to make
her freckle.
Fortunately for her peace of mind,
r.'u . piescription othine double
strength, makes it post-ible for eveu
those most susceptible to freckles to
keep their tkiu clear aud white. No
matter how stubborn a case of free
kles you have, the double strength
oth'oe should remove them.
let an ounce Iroin your druggist
and liaiiish the freckles. Money hack
if l a A'i' "-''!! :
JACK BUILDING,
IN SI PHONE 26
o : o tt.cr- (.cr New York Stock Exchange
yii Levis
Box 279 COPPER QUEEN HOTEL Tel. 135
BCNbS, STOCKS, GRAIN, COTTON
PHOEMX
CLOBE.
JEROME.
PRESCOTT,
BISBEE
Orders Executed for Cash or on Proper Margin
E. F. Hut ton L Co.'s Private Leased Wire to All Exchanges
Auto Painting
M. CURRAN, OLD MASON BUILDING, LOWELL. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY MORMNC. MARCH ie J$l7
SIX
LETTER CASHIERS
DRIVER!
- , . ,
end other workers who must
3 .,. 1
Slave enaanag suengin, la&e
to build up and keep up their
' health. Surety it will do as much
- for VOU. but insist on SCOTTS. (Date of 2nd publication March 9. 1917.
i . fc m h i ijs iDate or 3rd publication March 1G, 1917.
Scott t a.EmfcU.N.l. IHSje Qf ublkaUoa Mau ,.;
The board of supervisors, of Navajo
. ......... ... ......,..,, t m .iiTtrtTi irr
the incorporation of Holbj-ook and
appointed live men to act a4 the com
.municipal election ran be held next!
mon council until uie nrx repuiar
-Mav. Holbiook is the county seatJVnice is hereby guen by the under
and the second largest town in Navajo signed Administratrix of the Estate
county.
'NCn OF Vt'AM :
i -
-MS?
.X7. .."U
a -- -,i
3
i-.i . : V-'.Vs in uniform.
' ;.c i f W'a'c ;. v.ho was pro
j a cn;,tuiia-y iaut Jcio!cr. U
I.-ivj 'l citi iiiu.o:- lire in tho
,. a:::l ht. twl-j bee- T5n-
':: t,:.-:;-at h-s. Sir r;!m
' nvintlo hi-Ts fo :'.c... a id
l;rys in the performance of
Nic ouia.; lla:r has
il"' more recently ' for
-: -. J dis'-ui.-hod cp(iuct ia
i ?
FINE FORRHEOMATiSM!
Musterole Loosens Up Those Stiff
joints Drives Out Pain
-You'll know why thousands use Mns
loriple once you experience the glad re
lief it gives.
Cit-t a jar nt once from the nearest
druir store. It is a clean, while ointment,
made with the oii of mustard. 1 letter
1 "than a innstard piaster and docs not
ITi.-ter. I'.rincrs care ami comfort while
" it is being ruMud on! '
Musten.le is recommended 1y many
d ct'irs and nurses. Millions of jars are
i ti . . x. - i.-. -. t . ti
'.reck, asthma, ne-iraltiia. pleurisy, rheji
mntism. InmliaRo, pair,? and aciies of the
1;u-k or joir.ts, sprriins. sore muscles,
l.riiies. chilMains, frosted feet: cclds ot
the client (it often prevents pneumoniae.
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE OF CONTEST
Department of the Interior
United States Land OOice
Thoenix, Arizona. February 23, 1917.
To Arthur M. Toole, of Bisbee, Ari
zona. Contestee:
Yiu are hereby notified that Adolph
C. Hinters, who gives Hereford, Ari
zona, as his past-office address, did on
January 31st. 1917, file in this office
bis duly corroborated application to
contest and secure the cancellation of
your homestead Entry ' No. ,
Serinl No. 01K993 made Aueust 14th.
1912. for Southeast quarter of Section
34 Township. 23 S., Bange 21 E., G.
& S. R., Meridian, and 83 grounds for
his contest he alleges that entryman
has not resided upon, improved or
cultivated the iand of said entry for
more than fovr years lats past: that he
hag wholly abandoned said land and
entry: that the absence of said entry
man it not due to his employment in
military service in connpcti'on with
operations in Mexico or alone the bor
der thereof, or in mobilization camps
elsewhere, in the military or naval or-
f '4 1
P ; ."T14 . '.1- '
conization of the United States or
Naticjial Guards of any or the sev
eral states.
I You are, therefore, further notified
ithnt tlje said tile nations will be taken
i as confessed, ami your said entry will
ibe canceled without further right to
'bo ben?', cither before tin? office or
on nnpt-ai. if you f.m to r.ie in thu
'oiliee within tsventv davs nfler the
iKorRTYI r,ut)lioalion f)f ,nis notire. a
j shown l.low. your answer, under oaih.
j specifieaJly responding to these alloga
tions of contest, together with due
proof thst you have served a copy of
your answer on the said contestant
either in person or by registered mail.
! You slwuld state in your answer
Uhe name of the post office tv which
;you desire further notices to be pent
.'to you.
. fc myix.
!nnt of lsr tlUhi;cation March 2. i'i7.
IN THE. SUPERIOR COURT
In the County of Cochise, State of .
Arizona.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
Estate of James H. Kilter, deceased.
i cn James ii. jt.iLn.-r. uti' aru, iu mc
creditors of and all persons bavins
claims against the said deceased, to
exhibit them, with the necessary
vouchers within four months after the
first publication of this notice to tho
said administratrix at the Law Offices
of J. D. Taylor, Bisbee. Arizona, the
same being the place for the transac
tion of the business of paid estate, in
said County of Cochise.
MATILDA RITTER.
Administratrix of the estate of
James H. Ritter, deceased.
Dated Bisbee. Arizona, this 24th day
of February. 1917.
Tirst publication March 2. 1917.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
In the Count of Cochise, State of
Arizona.
NOTICE TO CRntTORS.
Estate of Vatt YVartonbcre. de
ceased. Notice is b"mhv trivon by the
undersicned Administrator of the
Estate of Matt Wartenbers. deceased,
to fe rditors of pd all persons
havine claims aeaint. tho sa;d do
ceased, to evhibit them, with the
receasarv vouchers within ten months
after the first publication of this no
tice to th said nHministmlor r he
T aw Officp if W-ilHamx fir. Flni?on.
Ttiehpo. Arizona. h cic'e h'nr thf
nlaee for te iransatinn of the busi
ness of said Estate, in said County of
Cochise.
L,. V BR 4 VPW.
Arlminiotrstor of the estate of Matt
TVnrtfinhpro'. dpcenspd
natoH Rishop. "ona. this 24th
flav of FpUruarv. 1917.
First mibl'cation Marrh 2. 1917.
im tm BiiocpirvQ rniiRT op thp
RTrt fP ARI7CNA IN AND
FOR tmc rniiNTY OF
COf-HIRF.
Tn thp '"atpr nf th Fstate of Georee
Nn.TlCV. OF OTTiwmAVc; SALE OF
REAL F.ST AT K.
) Nntirp i berehv eivpn. that, in nur
. Fiianw of an ordr of te Snnerior
t Court, of the State of Arizona, in and
i for the roimtv '.if Cochise, made on
'March in. 1917. in the matter of the
I piiqrrlianshin of the estate of Georee
Fdear Hawkins, a minor, the under
l siened enorrtian of said estate will
sell at Drivate sale, in one parcel, to
the Richest bidder, unon the terms
land conditions hereinafter mentioned,
land siihiect to confirmation bv thp
I said C"rt. on '.r after Saturdav. March
1 31st, 1917. all the riaht. title, interest
and estate of said Georee Edear Haw
kins, a minor, in and to thp follow
ing described real estate:
An undivided Thirteen Forty
eichts (13-48) interest in and to
the Little Casino Lode Vintner
Claim, situated in the Warren
Mintne District, in Cochise Coun
ty. State of Arizona, the location
notice 'ot which is of record in the
Office of the Conntv Recorder of
said County and State, in Book 30.
Records of Mines, at naee 146
thereof, and the United States
natent for which is of record in
the Office of the Countv Recorder,
in BV 22. Deeds of Mines, at
Tee 2fi0 thereof.
The terms snd conditions of said
sale are as follows: Cash In lawful
money of the United States of Amer
ica. All bids or offers must he in writine
nnd mav he left at the Office of R. A
Bretherton. Guardian of the aforesrid
estate, in the Jack BuiMine. sit'inted
on Main Street, in thp Citv f Bisbee.
Countv of Cochise. State of Arizona,
or sairt hlitu mav he filed in the Office
or the Clerk of the aforesaid Court,
and all hlds shall he filed after the
first publication of this notice and be
fore the time for maHnflr said sale. '
Dated this 10th. fM March. 1917.
R. A. RRVTHFRTOV.
Guardian of the estate of Georee
Edear Hawkins, a minor.
t fsr tuf siiorpiop roiiPT OF thf.
STA"Tr nr ioirriwa im AND
FOR Tur r.miMTY OF
COCHtSF.
Tn t'-c f-tcr of the nii-rda"'l'!T of
tho To?n and V"tnte THen
P.tnnincr'iiiw irv 1 fitnti Inoliiim.
Florence OnriTitn'-ham. M .T Onn
nlni Tr TVct Pitnniwwhnm,
and Vt1Hm Onttir"h9m. Miners
VOTTCP OF SAT OP TTTAT F5T1TI'
Vn(fio t herehv riven, that in tnr
nancp 'if nn order of the Sunorinr
fMir nf be Qae f Hw In pnA
fr tho Pottntv ef Pcchtop. mflo and
nto-od on forch ia 1017 In the mat.
nf thp iiard'-htt f the pwmin
KTid pftoteQ of Fltrn C.mlnliml.
Ta-v T rnnnin"h-m. Florence Cnn
ninrhnm t .T Piinnini1""m .Tr F"n
cu Cnnnin-ham nnd Wl'f" Cnn-nin"-him.
Tinnrs. the nnderei"ned
imufHUn nf ald ner"on and ette
will sell t private sale in one parcel,
to the highest bidder, upon the terms
anj conditions hereinafter mentioned,'
nnd subject to confirmation by the,
said Court, on or after Saturday. ;
March Tlst. 1917. all the rights, titles,
interests and estates of the said Ellen i
Cur.niiighmn, Mary I. Cunningham,
F'oreuce Curiningtam. M. J. Cunning
ham. Jr.. Francis Curndngliam and !
William Cunningham. Minors, in and j
to the following described real estate
An undivided one-half (liy in
terest in the surface only, with a
depth of 40 feet immediately be
neath the surface, of Lot 601. of
Block 9, in the Townsite tf War
ren, Cochise County, Arizona, ac
cording to the map of said Town
site of record in the office of the
County Recorder of said County
in Book 1 of Maps, at pages 106-110
thereof, together with the tene
ments, hereditaments and appur
tenances thereunto belonging or in
.my wise appeitaining, not Includ
ing however, any of said premises
ai a greater depth than 40 feet
immediately beneath the surface,
nor any right cf lateral or subja
cent support and being subject
also to all those certain conditions
and covenants set forth and con
tained in the deed ol Warren Com
pany tfj M. J. Cunningham bear
ing dale the 15th. day or January,
1907, and duly recorded on the
11th. day or February, 1907, in the
oflice or said County Recorder in
Book 38 or Deeds or Real Estate,
at pages 10-14 thereof;
An undivided one-half VA) in
terest in the surface only, with a
depth of 40 feet immediately be
neath the surface of Lot 603 of
block 9, in the Township of War
ren, Cochise County, Arizona, ac
cording to the map of said Town
site of record in the oflice of the
County Recorder of said County
in Book 1 of Maps, at pages 106
110 thereof, together with the
tenements, hereditaments and ap
purtenances thereunto belonging
or in any wise appertaining, not
including however, any of said
premises at a greater depth than
40 feet immediately beneath the
surface, nor any right of lateral or
subjacent support and being sub
ject also to all those certafn con
ditions and covenants set forth
and contained in the deed of War
ren Company to M. J. Cunning
ham bearing date the ltha. day of
January, 1917. and duly recorded
on the 11th. day of February, 1907,
In the office of said County Rec
order in Book 38 of Deeds of Real
Fstate. at pages 10-14 thereof.
The terms and conditions of said
sale are as follows:
Cash in lawful money of the United
States of America.
All bids mut be in writing and may
be left in the Law Offices of F.nin
wood and Ross, in the City of Bisbee.
Conntv of Cochise. State oj. Arizona.
h arp attornevs for said Guardian,
or said b'ds mav he left with the un-
dersiened Guardian, whose place of
husinese is at the Bank of Bisbee.
State of Arizona, or said bids mav be
filed in the office of the Clerk of the
aforesaid Court, and all bids shall be
filed after the first publication of this
notice, and before the time for making
said sale.
Dated this 10th. dav of March. 1917.
M. J. CUNNINGHAM.
Guardian 'of the persons and estates
of Ellen Cunningham. Marv I. Cun-
niueham. Florence Cnnnineham, M. J.
Cunnineham. Jr., Francis Cunning
ham and William Cunningham, Minors.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona. Feb. 19. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that
Amanda Haverty. of Garces, Ariz.,
who. on April 30. 1910. made Home
stead Entry. No. 09944. for NF.y SEM.
Sec. 3. Tp. 23 S.. R.. 20 East G. and
S. R. Mer.. and on Julv 25. 1916.
made additional H. E. 030725 for S
SVV4 NE'4. N4 NW4 SEVt. Sec
tion 3. Township 23. S.. Range 20
st, G. and S. R. Meridian, has filed
sotice of intention to make final five
veer Proof, to establish claim to the
land above described, before Jared D.
Tavlor. U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Ariz., on the 21st day of April. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James E. Kelly. James W. Haverty.
Richard K. Haverty, O. Peter Haverty,
all of Garces, Ariz.
J. L, IRVIN.
Register
First publication Feb. 21. 1917.
Last publication March 22. 1917.
NOTICE OF SCHOOL BOND ELEC
TION Because. In our ludeempnt. It s
deemed advahle so tn do. we, the
undersized Board of Trustees of
School District No 2 Countv of Co
chise. State of Arizona, do herebv call
an election tn be held on Saturday,
March ?4th. 1917. in a certain build-ins-
situated In the Citv of 'Bisbee,
fondly of Pochise. State of Arizona,
irtfhin Slid School District. Vnown as
(ho ("Antral Sf-h.nn! V'ljldine. for the
piirnose nf snh-'i'tinr to the onnlified
I "rtors at a'd flection whether the
( honds of said School District shall be
1 locnod and sold to raise money for
the following pnrnosea:
1. For the nurnose of construct
ing enulnnlr.fr and furnishjne a school
i buildinp tn he located unon a site to
he selected hv said Trustees within
the town of Warren In said District.
' and Imnrnvlne the eronnds thereof
2 For the nurpnse of ennstmcf ing.
cnnlm-ilre- and fnrnlshniT a school
hn(ldin- tn hp locatpd nnon a sltp to
ho aelected hv said Tnistepa In Upnpr
Tnmhfitonp Canvnn In said District
nd Imnrnrine the gronnda thereof
3. For the purpose of makine oth
er ncessarv repairs or additions to
the school hiii'dln" of said District,
as the Board of Trustees may dee
advisable. 4. For the purpose of purchasing
and improving additional grounds ronG. & 6. R, B. & M., described a fol-j
f" scnools of said District, or any of ', lows, to-wit: j
them, as the Board of Trustees may! "BELLE MONTE" Begining at cor- j
deem advisable. j npr x0. i, tue x E. Corner, whence,
The amount of said bonds shall be , w Corner of Section 19, T. :3-S. ;
nnniU, TboW,in,A Dollars $100. ! R 5.E Q & g R c & M. bears N. ;
000.00) In the neerp!rnte and shall con- I ..." . ..
r T,ri:";
the denomination of One' Thousand
Dollars ($1,000) each and shall betncnce v-' i:..m.c.j icei to
numbered from ' one tn one hundred corner No. 3: thence N. 29 48' E. :
inclusive and shall bear interest from
their date at the rate of Five per cen-
- - - - - i
turn per annum, payable semi-annual
ly In gold coin of the United States
of American, payable and maturing
as follows:
Numbers 1 to 10 Inclusive, payable
and maturing in the year 1930.
Numbers 11 to 30 Inclusive, payable
and maturing In the year 1931.
Numbers 31 to. 50 inclusive, payable
and maturing in the year 1932.
Numbers 51 to 70 Inclusive, payable
and maturing In the year 1933.
Numbers 71 to 90. InclusiTe. payable
and maturing In the year 1934.
Numbers 91 to 100 inclusive. paya-Jto
ble and maturing in the year 1935.
J, o ?i.nlaInS X 3- 1rrI,char?
nat'ednd annolmedhr thp X nnTe'
signed as Judges for the purpose of
conducting said election and the elec
tion polls will be open between the
hours of 10 o'clock a. m. and 6 o'clock
p. m. of the day upon which said elec
tion will be held.
Instructions to voters will be Dost-
ed according to law.
Dated at Bisbee, Arizona, this 23rd
day of February 1917
President
C. H. HUNT,
Member.
c a. Mcdonald,
Secretary.
Comprising the Board of Trustees
of School District No. 2. County of
cocnise, btate or Arizona.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
V. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona, Feb. 19, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Daniel
McGowan. or Hereford. Ariz., who, on
January 6. 1913. made Homestead En
try. No. 020673. for the W& SW,
section 5; and the EM SE, Section
6. Township 24 S., Range 22 East, G.
and S. R. Meridian, has filed notice of
Intention to make final three year
Proor, to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor, CT. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Ariz., on the 12jth day of April, 1917
I Claimant names as witnesses:
William fcyan, of Hereford, Ariz.;
Richard Todd, of Hereford, Ariz.; Day-
,ttn L. Graham, of Hereford, Art: Her
bert E. Cooper, of Bisbee, Ariz.
j J. L. IRTIN.
Register
First publication Feb. 21, 1917
last publication March 22 l5l7
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
11 S Land Office at Phoenix. An
zona. Feb. 19. 11 '7.
NOTICE Is heteby given that Jonn
F. Ashworth. of Garces, Ariz., who, on
December 17. 1913. made Homestead
Entry. No. 023970. for Lots 1. 2, and
Si.4 NE'4. section 6. Tp. 23 S.. R. 21
East G. and S. R. Mer.. and on May
28. 1914. made Additional Hd. Entry.
No. 025191 for the SEVl of Sec -
tion 6. Township 23 S.. Range
21 East, G. and S. R. Meridian,
has filed notice of Intention to make
final three year Proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee, Ariz., on the 19th
day of April. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Carl N. Carlson, of Hereford, Ariz.;
George H. All wood, tf Hereford, Ariz.;
Roy A. Newman, of Garces, Ariz.;
Caleb A. Newman, of Hereford. Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication Feb. 21. 1917.
Last publication March 22, 1917.
j NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona. Feb. 19, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Homer
R. Fike, of Naco, Ariz., who, on May
4. 1912. made II. E. 014449 for W'Y
NE'4. NV4 SEH. and SEH NW,
section 1, Tp. 24 S., R. 22 East G.
and S. R. Mer., and on May 19, 1915,
made additional homestead entry No.
027446 for NH NW and SW NW'.i.
and NW4 SW'.i. Section 1, Township
24 S.. Range 22 East, G. and S. R.
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make final five year Proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bl6bee, Ariz., on the
19th day of April. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
John H. Hughes, Jacob C. Baker,
Joel H. Allen, William A. White, all
tf Hererord. Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication Feb. 21. 1917.
Last publication March 22. 1917.
NOTICE
OF APPLICATION
U. 8. PATENT.
FOR
Mineral Survey No. 3268.
Serial No. 031346.
Feb. 10. 1917.
In the United States Lnnd Office.
Phoenix, Arizona.
Notice is hereby given that Baptist
Caretto, owner of an undivided one
half Interest, Allen D. Fair, owner of
an undivided one-quarter Interest and
Ralph A. Zlesemer, oivner of an un
divided one-quarter Interest whose
postofflce addresses are Bisbee, Ari-1
zona, have made application for patent
for the following named lode mining
claims, situated in the Warren Min
ing District, Cochise County, Arizona,
in Section 19 and 30, Township 23 S.
Panffp nnd unsttrveved Section
24 and 25, Township 23 S Range 21 E.1
r.9- ' e. ises.s reet; tnence s.
' to Corner No. 2:;N. 5' 44' E. 1500 feet to corner No j
'538 40 feet to corner No. 4; thence S
54 19' E, 1500 feet to corner No. 1.1
the place of beginning, containing a
net area of 6.763 acres, expressly ex- ,
eluding area in conflict with Survey!
No. 2390. High Flyer lode, of 3.669;
seres.
"GREEN LEAF NO. 2" Beginning;
at corner No. 1. the N. E. Cbrner. !
whence tho W. Y Corner of Section i
19. T. 23-S. R. 25-E, G. & S. R. B. & M.,
hears N. 30 38' E. 279.4 feet; thence
i South, 603.40 feet to corner No. 2;
thence N. S3 46' W. 1500 feet to cor
tier No. 3: thence North. 603.40 feet
corner No. 4; thence S. 83' 46' E.
ir,00 fePt corner No. 1. the place
br beginning, containing a net area of
1 18 267 -eluding area
;in conflict with Survey No. 2256 Osce
ola lode, of 0.448 acres, and with Sur
vey No. "ISO O OM Paul lode, of 1.272
acres, and with Green Leaf No 3, of
0.668 acres.
"MARCONI" Beginning at Corner
No. 1. the N. E. corner, whence the
w 4 Corner of Section 19, T. 23-S.
r. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears N
9. 35, R 8557 feet thence Southi
555.90 feet to corner No. 2; thence N.
1 72 47' W. 359.80 feet to corner No. 3;
thence N. 65 59' W. 771.50 feet to
j corner No. 4; thence North, 250 feet
I to corner No. 5: thence S. 83 46' E
V1054.70 feet to corner No. 1, the place
of beginning, containing a net area
of 7.701 acres, expressly excluding
area in conflict with Green Leaf No.
3, of 2.022 acres, and Bar Bullion, of
0.353 acres.
"GREEN LEAF NO. 3" Beginning
at corner No. 1, the S. E. Corner,
whence the N. W. Corner of Section
30. T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G. & S R. B. & M
bears S. 41- 02' E. 1118.8 feet; thence
No. 51 20' W. 1279. JO feet to corner
No. 2: thence N. 29 48' E. 600 feet
to corner No. 3: thence S. 51 20' E
1279 00 feet to corner No 4; thence
S. 29 48' W. 600 feet to corner No
1 the place of beginning, containln?
a net area of 12 158 acres. expressl
excluding area in conflict with Sur
vey No. 3173. Morning Star lode, of
0.427 acres, with Bar Bullion, of 0 40'
acres, and with Mineral Farm No 1
of 4 420 acres
"MINERAL FARM NO I " ftetin
ntng at comer No t. the N' E Corner
rhence the V tV Porner of Qectiot
10. T 23-S R 25-E.. O S R B M
bears S 46 16' E 762 2 feet: thence
S 26 26' W. 719 00 feet to corner
No. 2: thence N. 30 Ofi' W 1482 60
feet tt corner No 3: thence N 26
IU' E 719 00 feet to corner No 4
hence S 30 06' t. 1482 60 feet tn
corner No. 1. the place of beginning,
containing a not area of 13 781 acres,
expressly excluding area In conflict
j "itn r Bullion, of 4.634 acres.
i "GREEN LEAF NO. 1." Beginning
i at corner No. 1. the N. W. Corne"
1 wnence tne w- corner of Sp,tion
1 23-S. R. 25-R G. & S. R B & M.
ibea No 30 38' R 279 4 feet: tnence
S. 83 46' E. 603.40 feet to corner
No. 2: thence South. 1454.00 feet to
corner No. 3: thence N. 83 46' W.
603.40 feet to corner No. 4; thence
North 1454 00 feet to corner No. 1. the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 20.022 acres.
"BAR BULLION". Beginning at cor
ner No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence
( tne s- w- Corner tof Section 19. T.
23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. & Y.
bears N. 70 26' E. 584.3 feet: thence
N. 59 01' W. 600 feet to Corner No.
2; thence N. 24 20' E. 1500 feet to
corner No. 3; thence S. 59 01' E.
600 feet to corner No.. 4: thence S.
24 20' W. 1500 feet to corner No 1.
the place of beginning, containing a
net area of 19.472 acres, expressly ex
eluding area in conflict with Green
Leaf No. 1, of 0.970 acres: and with
Survey 0. 3174, William Penn lode,
of 0.080 acres.
"TRILBY". Beginning at corner No.
1. the S. E. Corner, whence the N. W.
Corner of Section 30. T. 23-S. R. 25-E..
G. & S. R. B. & M. bears N. 4 6' E.
505.7 feet: thence N. 59 01' W. 600
feet to corner No. 2; thence N. 24 20'
E. 1500 feet to corner No. 3: thence
S. 59 01' E. 600 feet to corner Nt.
4; thence S. 24 20' W. 1500 feet to
corner No. 1. the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 19.463 acres,
expressly excluding area In conflict
with Green Leaf No. 1. of 1.059 acres.
"MINERAL FARM NO. 2" Begin
ning at corner No. 1. the N. W. Cor
ner, whence the N. TV. corner of Sec
tion 30. T. 23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R P.
& M. bears N. 87 58' E. 827.8 feet:
thence S. 59 01' E. 1500 feet t cor
ner No. 2; thence S. 25" 32' 30" W.
296.00 feet to corner No. 3: thence N.
68 31 W. 1498 50 feet to corner No.
4: thence N. 25 32' 30" E. 446 70
feet to corner No. 5: thence N 26
26' E. 97.70 feet to comer No. 1. the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 14 419 acres.
"MIDWAY NO. 1" Beginning at cor
ner No 1. the N. W. corner, whence
the W. VA corner of Section IS. T.
23-S R 25-E.. G. & S. R. B A M bear
? 29 26' W. 670 9 feet: thence S
59' 01' E. 654.50 feet to corner No
2: thence S. 5 44' W. 1500 feet to
corner No. 3: thence V. 59 1' W.
54 50 feet to corner No 4: thence N.
44' V... 1500 feet to corner
No. 1. the place of bee'nning. con
:tinlne a net aroa of 14 974 acres
expressly excluding area In conflict
with Survey No. 2455. Burro Shoe
lode of 1.405 acres, nnd with Green
T.eaf Nt 1. or 4.005 acres.
MIDWAY NO. 2." Beginning at
corner No. 1, the N. W. corner, whence
the W. U Corner of Section 19. T.
23-S. R. 25-E.. G. S. R. B. & M.
Bears S. 74' 29' W. 924.6 feet: thence
S ZT 01' E. 662 feet to corne- No.
2: thence S. r." 44' W. 1100 feet to
corner No. 3; thence N. C9 01 W.
6C2.00 feet to corner No. 4: thence
1, the place tt beginning, containing
a net area or 20 618 acres.
"CASH ENTRY NO. 2". Bsalnnine
at corner No. 1. the N. V. Corner,
whence the W. '4 Corner or Section
19, T. 23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & 3. R. B. &. M.
bears N. 86 20' W. 11C1.4 reet:
thence S. 59 01' E. 662.00 feet to
corner No. 2: thence S. 5 44' YV. 1500
feet to corner No. 3: thence N. 59
01' W. 662.00 feet tt corner No. 4:
. XT r. Jl' T 1 T Afl f Anraap
' -J-", ,r '7 -"
No. 1. the place of beg.nning. contain-,
ins a net area of 20.618 acres.
"CASH ENTRY NO. 1. Beginning ,
at corner No. 1. the S. W. Corner.
whence the s. . corner 01 section
19. T. 23-S. R. 25-E., G. & S. R. B. &.
M., bears S. 2C 16' W. 1012.3 feet;
thence North 685.10 fec-t to corner j
u. . oT.u
to corner No. 3 thence Stouth MdIO
feet to corner No. 4; thence N. 59
v- o . . o -n o ni i r irrtrt rAni I
01' W. 1500 feet to corner No. 1. the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 20.226 acres.
The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the office of the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
Bar Bullion, Recorded in Book 52,
Record of Mines, page 131.
Belle Monte, Recorded In Botjk 52,
Record of .Mines, page 137.
Cash Entry No. 1, Recorded in Book
52, Record of Mines, page 139.
Cash Entry No. 2.. Recorded In BcAo
54, Record or Mines, page 286.
Green Lear No. 1, Recorded in Book
52, Record or Mines, page 132.
Green Leaf No. 2, Recorded In 3t ik
52. Record of Mines, page 133.
, , , ... .
52. Record of Mines, page 134.
... 1 , . t, t r r.
Trilby. Recorded in Bock 52. Rec-'
.j ,
"i .niie?-, yaf;e Jov.
Mineral Farm No 1. Recorded in
Book 52. Record of Mines, page 128.
Mineral Farm Mo ? Becordod In
Book 52. Rectord of Mines, page 129
Midway No 1. Recorded in Book
''1 ftecord ot Mines, pace 135
MIda 2. Recorded iri l;Mk
52. Record of Mines, page 136 j
Marconi, Recorded In Book 52. Rec
ord tif Mines, page 138. . i
The names or the adjoining claims
if this survey are On 'he 'rth
nrve No mo ( OM Paul lK.
Purvey No 225s Osceola lode. Survey
Vn ?IRR. Tack Rohinson lode nn.l Purrn
Shoe lode unsnrveved clai'ns. clrfl- is
tnd claimants unknown
On the Fat- Unsun'eved claims,
laims and claimant? unknown Lit
tle Dandv and Garibaldi Rides. nnnr
-eyed
On the South- Victor. unsurvey?d
Survey No 3174 William Penn lode
Survey No. 2028. Grover lode Survey
No C173. Morning Star lode Survey
I No 2280 Omega lode.
On the West: Survey No 2390 High
Plyerjode and Pet House lode
J. L IRVIN.
Reeister
First publication Feb 13. 1917
Last publication April 26. 1917
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interim
U. S LAMI Or rlCh. at F'hOenlX.
4-rizona. Feb. 10. 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that W Jac , ip, their ad.verse claims are duly
nb McAllister, of Buena. Arizona, who. filed., according to law and the reeula
on Feb. 4. 1913. made Homestead En-, fjons thereunder, within the time pre
try No. 021106. for SEV,. Section 6, 1 scribed by law. with the Register of
Township 22S. Ranee 21E.. O & S R. j thp TTnifPd states Land Office at
Meridian ha3 filed notice of intention '. Phoenix Marfcona County Arizona,
to make Three Year Final Proof, to they will be barred by virtue of tho
establish claim to the land above de-1 nrovisions of said statute.
secrlbi'd. berore Jared D. Taylor. U.
S. Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona,
on the 29th day or March. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Ed. Bryan. Cassius R. Knoies. Taul
H. Knoies, Oliver Fry, all or Buena.
Arizona.
J. L. IRVTN. Reeister.
First Publication Feb. 13. 1917.
Last Publication March 29. 1917.
IN THE UNITFD STATES LAND : Bye. of Hereford. Arizona, who. on
OFFICE. j April 30. 1912. made Homestead En-
. Phoenix. Arizona. Feb 10. 1917. I try. No. 0175S4. for NE'i. Settion 12,
Notice of Application for Patent Sur-: Township 233.. Range 21E., G. & S.
vey No. 1898. Serial No. 031241. ; R. Meridian has filed notice of inten
Notice is hereby given th.?t Copper j 'ion to make Three Year Final Proof.
Oneen Consolidated Mini"e Company, ; to establish claim to the land above
a corporation organized under the : described, before Jared D. Taylor. U.
'aws of the State of New York, and i S Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona,
'awfully eneaeed in the transaction : n te 29th day of March. 1917.
of Its corporate business In the State Claimant names as witnesses:
of Arizona, by G. H Dowell, Its Gen
eral Manaeer and Attorney In Fact,
yhose post office address Is Douelas.
r'nchse County. Arizona, has made
'npllcatlon for patent for the "TTava-
na" lode, situate In Warren Miring T-ast Publication March 29.1917.
-.strict. Cochlae Conntv. State of Ari- j SoT.CE FOR PUBLICATION
na and is mom fully deaenhe, as Denartment of the lnteri0r.
mefea ni. hinni'a hv the official 1 , , . . , .
. ... , . .. U S I.am Office at Phoenix. Ari
t herewith noatod apd hv the add ' . . . ..
j vena, r el). 1!1. 131,
or anrvnv Terer ne in ne
"Ice of the ndttcr of the United I
I'n l Office, at Phoenix Arizo
na which field nntea of survey de--'-iho
the boundaries and extent of
'"Id claim on the surface, with mae
noflc variation of 12 "0' Fast as fol
'owa: "Havana" Lode
Beglnnlne at Cor. No. 1. whence U
M M No 1 Warren M'nlnr Pis
rt har f? SI 11 P 2373 3 feet:
't-cpep x; 7s j; tv otjj 4 foot to
""r Vn 2- thence S 1ft 33' W
".-I feet m Cor .i 3: thence S 7S
'' V CR1 1 feet to Cor No 4- tnence
V O 56' W. 215 4 feet to Cor No 5:
'ence N 84 34' E 43 8 feet to Cor.
". 1. the pTice of heclnnins exclud-n-r.
however, from said described
area the a-ea of .057 acres In con-
filet with "W ster" lode. Survey
i:s7.
The net area r.f said "Havana" lode,
fnr which patent i. applied, exclusive
of area in c0Rflic Virh "Webster"
We Survey 13S7 is 1313 acres.
The adjoining and conflicting claims
nrp t,p Survpy No.
t-,9 :
Conner Kinc:" lode. Survey No
r7V "Wehster" 'ode. Survey No
13S7: and "Al Hasen" lode. Survey
No 1387.
Anv Rrd all persons claiming ad
versely the mining ground, vein, lode,
premises, or any portion thereof,
n described surveyed, platted and
anplled for. ae hereby notified that
unless their adverse claims are duly
filed, according to law and the resru-
ilations thereunder, within the time
p rcM by , e ne,!stfT
j of tbp rpited ptate9 0ff.rp nt
r,of,nix Maricopa Countv. Arizona,
tev wP, bp parrP(, by virtue or ,be
nrovisions of said statute.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register or the United Staffs
Land Office, riioenix. Arizona.
FIrst Plication Feb. 13. 1917.
,t ast PllblicatIon ApriI 2l
1
IN THE UNITED STATES LAND
OFFICE
Thoenix. Arizona, Feb. 10. 1917
Notice of Apnlication for Patent. Sur
vey No. 1920. Serial No. 031242
Notlce Is hereby given that the Cop
per Queen Consolidated Mining Com
pany, a corporation organized under
the laws of the State of New York,
and Uwfiilly eneaeed In the transact
ion of its corporate business In the
state of Arizona, bv G H Powell, its
General Manaeer nd Attorney In
Fact, whose post office aaddress is
Douelas. Cochise County, Arizona.
as made application for patent for
the "Midget" lode, situcte in Warren
Mining District. Corhise oounty.
cato of Arizona, and 3 - ore fully
. 'escribed as to metes and bound? by
, . . . . . ... . .
tho offfefal plat herewith posted, and
K. ,u P , . . A. .
, " the field notes of survpv thereof.
'ed in fhp o"ico 0f the Register of
' United Sfa'es Land Office at
"oer-ix. Arizona which field notes
i r "r,T "ibe the boundaries and
""7 of r'",Tn on th" urfare.
i.t T-irlpfinn nf 12 30'
'.
Midqet" Lode
'.finn'r.a at Cor No 1. whence TJ.
t vn 4 Warren Minint? Dis-
h -r, ? -o n' F 4162 8 feet;
' 'wi V t ! W 75 feet to "or
' V ?v? feet
1. Vn i thiw . ti' ifi E
. V I 'ihnn.
-" r- ot; fPt ,, rct. nf bA
-i-i ov-rn' ho-ei-er from
?-,, -h.i 0 n? acres in
i!.. ,..lt, Mr,Pn.fl" fvip Survey
- or .!, 041X acrea in ennflict
"Oo'-Ton rjatc lode Survey No
113
nroo nf -M ""Tidet" Tode
r Ich pten1 ta annlfed. exclusive
..f sd areas (n conflict i 0 "" acres
The ailinini-e anr conflicting claims
tye "Hendricks" Survey No 290:
Tnnner Globe." Survev No 1246.
"Golden Gate" Sirvev No S43:
"Vacob." Survey No 1S96:, "Bars
I Bone." Survey Nn 13S7: and Twl
! Mehf ." Snrvev No 13S7
Any and all persons claiming ad-
prsefy the minine er.nmd vein lode,
premises or anv portion thereof so
doacrfhod enrvevod
platted and an-
I plied for are herehv notified that nn.
J. U IRVIN.
Register or the United States
Land Office. Phoenix. Arizona.
First Publication Feh. 13. 1917.
Last Publication April 24. 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
P. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix.
Arlzora. Feb. 10. 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Roy
Floy Sperow. Sherman J. Beals. John
Flndlay. and George W. Longley. all
of Hereford. Arizona.
J. L. IRVTN. Register.
First Publication Feb. 13. 1917.
NOTTCK is herehv clven tKat Ad.Mph
i ('. Hinters. Tf Hereford. Ariz., who.
on .Inly 1. 1912. made Homestesj En
try. No. 01S472. for the SAW. of. ec
tion 20. Township 23 S . Ranee 25
East. G. and S R Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make final three
year Proof, to establish claim to the
land above described, before Jarel D.
Taylor. U. S. Commissioner, at Pis
bee. Ariz, ton the 20th day of April.
1917
Claimant names as witnesses
Samuel C Giles, or Hereford.. Ariz .
William F Cowan, of Bishee. Ariz :
Edward Wilcox, of Hereford. Ariz.:
Frank C. Cobbe. or Hereford. Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN.
Reeister
first publieatlou Feb. 2L 1917
Last publication March 22. 1917. THE. BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY MORNING, MARCH 16, 1917.
SEVEit
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under this iead at the rate of I'ceov per word for
.esue with a minimum charg of 25 cents Advertisements must reucb Tr
jiow office net UUer tban i p. m. tor Insertion it the nett momlne pan-
Wanted
WANTED Bell boy
Hotel.
Copper Queen
312
WANTED Maid for general house
work, 21 Quality Hill. 332
WANTED To rent house close in, un
furnished, bath attached. Address
D. C, care Review. 509
WANTED To buy a lot in Johnson
Addition, terms wanted at once.
Thone 491. 7S3
WANTED Woman to do house work
176 School Hill. Ask for Mrs.
Primes. 720
WANTED Young man wants board
and room in private family. C. T.
Hamilton. Review office. 578
BOY WANTED at
or 14 year old.
clock in evening.
Review office.
Apply alter 7
12
o'-
WANTED Four or five room house
close in, with bath, unfurnished.
Address L. D. C, care Review. 292
WANTED Three lady solicitors, two
to ten dollars a day. Inquire Guar
antee Paint Co., after five evenings.
229
WANTED Woman to do family
washing, come ready for work.
153B Temby Ave., up stairs. 711
WANTED Room and board in pri
vate home by younir man of good
habits. Address W. S. care Review.
7S3
WANTED To borrow $400 for six
months from private party. Will
pay 10 percent interest. Will give
good security. Address O. R. H.,
care Review. 710
WANTED Slock salesmen for the
best mining proposition in Arizona,
backed by big publicity campaign.
Exclusive territory, leads furnished,
liberal commissions. For particu
lars address Room No. 9, Chamber
of Commerce Bldg., Phoenix, Ari
zona. 7i6
Furnished Room
FOR RENT 2 rooms, 234 School Hill
748
FOR RENT Furnished room in W'ct
rcn. Phone 38o. 779
FOR RENT Rooms in the
House, South Bisbee.
Rock i ,
6il I
FOR RENT One furnished
house-'
keeping room, 85 Main Street. Cot
tage home. 23a
FOR RENT Large housekeeping
room suitable for couple. DSC O.
K. St., Phone Red 530. 740
FOR RENT -Furnished room in W'jir-'
ren, for particulars Phone B. 51!.
778
FOR RENT Two housekeepi-.g
rooms, with light and vater, 43 B
O. K. Trail. 719
FOR RENT Seven room house f:r- j
nished for lodgers. Address W. M.. j
care Review. 722 .
FOR RENT Sunny front room suita
ble for two ladies or gentlemen.
Beascnab'. Bailey Hotel, Brev.e-y
Ave. . si 2
FOR RENT Warren four room house
partly furnished, bath, screen port ii
hot and cold water. Good tqrms to
right parties. Phone 411. S' 9
Business Chances.
G'jod property will lease for yetr
Good ore in sight. Good times. t-l-
dress Miss Lea, 26$ Willcox, At
7
1
FOUND
FOUND -Key at rwtofli'-e. Owner
tan have srrue by paying for th s
ad. It( i w. 7 .J
For Sale
FOR SALE .!ason Dining room ai
kiuhen at Lowoll. 7.
FOR SALE 200 shares Great Ra
Need the money. li. B., Review. 7;1
FDR SALIC Soft drink
money maker. A. C.
view.
FOR SALE Corrugated iron pot d
condition. Inquire of Mr. Wright,
at Lyric Theatre. 61 5
PETEY DINK Lots of Them
s r.sd m. m v.i fivL. i c -ii 4. ix u .vt ii .cs. r
For Sap
FOR SALE Three room house, nice
location, near Bropliy's coal yard.
Lowell. 810
FOR SALE Lots on Win wood Add.
An ideal location for families
Terms $10.00 down and $10.00 a
month. Mrs. Winwood." Wlnwood
Add. 184
' R ""LE Highest cash prices puld
'oi econd hand furniture. tover
loiMne and tools. Pn."l Ilm'h
FOR SALE Stripped Cadillac, first
class condition, fully equipped.
Phone 229, car barn. Three hun
dred cash. 772
FOR SALE Oldsmohile roadster, ex
cellent condition, electric light and
starter. Must be sold at once. Cap
tain Mashir. Naco, Arizona. Phone
S01-F13. 696
FOR SALE New five room bungalow
in Warren, located on principal
street. Modern throughout, hard
wood floors, bath, gas, garage. Easy
terms. Sheik, Phone 147, or 207.
7S2
FOR SALE One 1916 Ford roadster,
equipped with K. U. shock absorber
nickel plated bumper and sliding
steering wheel, car in perfect con
dition. Inquire at Hood & Bled
soe's garage, Johnson Add. 754
FOR SALE Moving picture show
building 40xS0, fully equipped with
seats, stage, electric lights and
Powers 6A motor driven machine,
5 year lease on ground, good open-
ins for right party. Wiere & Stone
Johnson, Arizona. C90
Taking orders now. White and Brown
Leghorn chicks, $12.50 per hundred.
Barred Rocks and Rhode Island
Reds, $15.00 per hundred, F. O. B.
Phoenix. Ter-s $2.00 per hundred
deposit with order, balance C. O. D.
Safe arrival guaranteed. Send us
your orders. Phoenix Seed & Feed
Co. 532
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
B WHITNEY, Lawyer. Rooms t-
Allen Block Open evening I'hotv
547 (109)
Dressmaking and ladies tailoring, 37
Laundry Hill, Metz car stop. Mrs.
McDougall. 513
CLAIRVOYANTS
Mrs. Anthony", spiritual medium, now
located at Room 3 Foster Block,
Johnson Addition. Readings daily
circle Thursday 7:30 p. tu. 739
HE MOOSE HOTEL 01d Kinney
House) Furnished rooms $2 per
reek and up. with gas: 'also light
housekeeping rooms 178
p J. McCullough. contractor.- Phone
20 Box 934. Excavating, retain
ing walls, concrete houses, wells
und mining work is my specialty
221
Toothache can be prevented by fol
lowing si pie instructions. Call at
my office for free booklet. J. F.
.Teufert. D. D. S., Maze Bunding,
r92 "6 moou
The first shipment of molybdenite
concentrates made by the Leviath in
mill in Copper Canyon has been s nt
to San Francisco. The mill has a
capacity of CO tons of ore daily and
is turning out a 40 per cent product
It is estimated that the mine now has
I at least $4,000,000 v ortu of molybd n-
. I. ..is-,.
1 11V 4U PllV.
LAXATIVE BKOMO QUININE tablets
remove the cause. There is Only 0:ii
"IiROMO QUININE". Look for the
signature of E. W. GROVE on each bo.
Trice 25 cects.
Look Like Millionaires' Sons
7 . MiTsnnuS
TW Vf V.'
Miscellaneous
Am willing to benr proportion of ex
penses by aulo to Los Angeles.
Anyone that is golns kindly write
A. J. Cooper, care Review. 777
earn actual auto repr.irip.?, book
keeping, snorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A., Los Angeles. Cat
alogs free. SS5
nuoP A CARD to the Guarantee
'aint & Wall Paper Co for a!'
muds of work in our line. P:it Ck-a
ry. mnnager Box H9." r'.one 2n
$50,000 to loan on improved city prop
erty or for building, on easy terms
of payment. T. A. Hughes, ever
Bank of Bisbee. G!7
Burns oxygen gas, 96 percent oxygen,
4 percent coal oil vapor. Demon
strations at Pythian Castle, O. K.
St , with the Bisbee Furniture Co.
J. J. O'Loughlin, sales agent, Fisbce
and Douglas. Phone 341. 511
Cox Credit Co., Jluheim Bldg.. in tail
oring Co. Loans on furniture, pi
anos, etc, no honest wage eainers
men or women permanently era
ployed, refused $5 to $50 without
security. Easiest weekly or month
ly payments; cheapest rates, con
fidential; quick service. See us if
you need money. Fhone 794. 635
RN'TURE KOR SALE The John
-i Addition Furnitun Co want
in pay )ou the highest easl prioet
fr your second hand furniture Al
n wants to trade or xchana' ..
new furniture for vnur old We w
ell you fumiiun- cheaper than
inybody on easy payments CaM
in at the big brick buildlns at V
tohnson Addition and M us show
vou oor large and seleeted stm-l- if
house furnlsnings or i";1' .i
,ui store PhoTif -!vr, oil. !.,. ,.
dIOon
Active development of the Crimson
niine near Camp Creek, north of rime-
nix, is planned by Ernest Crimson, R.
P. Sellers and other Chandler men.
who own the property. Gold and cop-
per ore, running from three tti li per
cent in the red metal have been found
on the property where a shaft ;has
already been sunk by the Crimson
brothers. It is planned to run a tun-.
nel to cross cut all the veins and tap '
the main bodv of ore at a depth or
500 feet.
Thomas Collins, a blacksmith of
Biloxi, Miss., forged 3 -10-pound iron
cross and sent it to Senator ,l:i;nes K.
Var daman wiili inscription "Lest the
Kaiser r'jrget."
CORNS LOOSEN OFF
WITH MAGIC "GETS-IT"
,
I WO Drops Uo the Work
PamWlv
- ,
"I tell' you, before I heard 'Jf
'Gets-It' I used to try one thing after
another for corns. I still had them.
I used bandaees and they made lny
4?:
... re"a
Corn rirlre rm ?la.rf Trj-
it was murder to put on
I tued salver, and oth r
niy shoe
things that ate off more cf Lie toe
than they did the corn. I'd cut .tu!
dig with knives and scissors, but vi w
no uiore fooling for me. Two drops
of 'Gets-It' did all the work. It makes
the corn shrivel and get so loose tl: it
you can just pick it ritht oft wilh
jours fingersl"
There has been nothing new dis
covered for corns eirice "Getti-It" was
born. It's the new way the common
sense, simple, sure way.
"Gets It" is sold every here, 2."."
a bottle, or sc-nt on receipt jf pri
by E. Lawrence & Co.. Chicapo. 1!1
Sold in Bisbee aud recornmcndeiiras
the world's best corn reniedy by
Phelps. Dodge Mercantile Co.
NCW PET EN OeA.-tE UlC.e
iOO KKloJ OO iAlBNOO
XWOOCOM'T KEEP MAfcEL rWDM
KIVJO
fo Kick
.1: MtLLlOKJ
.ovis
cSooD
NK'
m
i) m
Mining and Financial News
BY EVIEW
NEW YORK, Mar. 15. Despite the
handicaps imposed Dy adverse domes-i t opper itange
tic and foreign factors, today's d;ill('hino
market ruled tirui to strong, though
losing considerable ground in the la;
er dealings. Prires were at their best
during the mid-seFsion when a recess
in the railway labor conference was
announced but fell back all around
in the final hour of selling, apparent
ly induced by the reports of the revo
lution in Russia.
Bethlehem Steel newand old shares
the latter selling ex-dividend of 10
percent, made extreme gains of 2r,
and 4V4. United States Steel rose 1
to 1114. but closed at 110'i and gains
in other steel and iron issues suffered
like reductions.
Coppers rose 1 to 2 points. SuU-s
455,000 shares.
Remit. ancts to Russia were not i!is
turbed by the advices affecting that
country. Large blocks of fort-im
bonds changed hands at moderate con
cessions with a lower trend in dom s
tic issues. Total sales, par va'ue,
$3.2:15.000. V. S. bonds were unchang
ed on call. 1
CHICAGO GRAINS
CHICAGO, Mar. 15. Growing con
fidence that the threatened railway
strike would be averted led to higher
prices for wheat today. The market
closed strong at 2 to 3 net ad
vance, with May at 1 SO to l.SO'4 and
July at 1.55 to 1.56. Corn gained "H
to l'(: oats "t to lc and provisions
30 to 75.
Aside from a Utile sinking spell at
the outset and another weak spot just
before mid-day, the whe.it market
showed a con'inuous advance.
Corn rose with wheat. Oats display
ed no independence of oilier cereals
Sharp upturns in provisions result
ed from higher quotations on hogs.
METALS MARKET
NEW YORK, Mar. 15. Lead easy
9i asked; spelter easy, spot East St.
Louis delivery 10 asked,
Cooper quiet, electrolytic spot and
nearby nominal; second quarter 33
m 35, third quarter 31 Vi at 32Vi. Bar
silver 73. i
. " . VBy L.'J. Overlook)
NliVA oi;K,j Mar. 15. While in
.man instances istock's were a shade
better still fluctuations on the whole
were meaningless tnd dealings were
largely professional. The chief n'-ws
w:3 that which had a bearing on t'le
intetnM Russian situation. It woi'd
npp"nr fiat cer'sin things an- tiVnt;
ol.T-p under the surface ai the various
capitals of Furore and that verv in
Krestine developments are likely.
The parley between :ie .brut'Trho'ids
riiiti the- uianneers will nrobiib'.y r 11
K"iiie Koine d;vs V'hi'e i:i a broa 1
-;iv te tft,"nn',fre sem'n",v li 011
tho long sMe f t1'" list sti'l mo"-.n-
nrof"si'int A'.ifpant whi'
j.-'iro'T inl whose n'ier-
itiTi tirpW. n--'in!,tr ; e c'ou of
' n-ic-K. wi'i trr-r'iv n'1e?,or to for'-e
n'oc-erate downturn.
i I.or.iN BRYAN
N Ew YO'K
nnonfTn ;
4n.ri'-Tn '"?l
AmT.(..on Pil- . .
A m"' n t iiwn'nt't'l1 ...
A m j -. n Pmtl". ;
Aniori"T SMP"r
I
lO" . .
more & 0Mo
PnMtjn
fi'MSnni'e X- Oi-f'
fr'r.TJr, Vilnl X- l'ln ....
Ti - ' i n r,.iSn
f rtri I J,rj(tipr .........
rrnfHo Steel
niQfjiirs
frio
f-O'rir h
P m p I nry ..........
1... )ohot
( '1 o
"t-
P',nTiK,-l,fln,'Jl v.........
t-fiin.
KMl-lit' Steel
r?iiKhor
Stii.iebTl-i-r
Stf.-I
o pnl
.nJ ijT ......
I'cifi'-
Unit-H "-'r'nt
Wf 3tinghoiise
BOSTON
A'l"oriiire
flf-'i'j
l riIl
Americin z'li"
Arizoi'.i Co'iriK rciv.l ...
Beitf Sitpenir
Calumet A: Arizona
ir
W
Ai?r-V.
- cr'!
LtS1D WIHc
Calumet & Hecla 555
63'i
58
1414
84
, East Butte
Granny ...
Green Cananea . .. 434
OoHfield ..
Hnn'ort ..
'nclinnn . . .
Inspiration
Kcnnerott
Kwrpnaw
17'i
3 '4
CO'i
45
3
Lake 13
La S.ille
Miami
Mil.nwk
M""fnwer
Nevaita
Vo-T" Bet e
!nintlo' ,
om ivimin'm
r'" Crpk
Quiney
tn- fcso'ilnted
T-nirr:irk
SI-at ruck
Shi'nnn!
Supr-rior Boston
I'taH Conner
Consolidated
Winon-.i
C'PBS
Ar' ns it Arizona ..
Pi" -Tim
Big Leoe
B"tt I ondon
r-iii'rn & Jerome ....
Cornelia
Dt-nn
Dundee ,
Emma
''n't'tmi
Gpdsden
G'en Monster .......
Gold Red
Howe Sound
H"c!i
I In' I Conner
Inspiration Needles ...
Jerome Victor
Jerome Verde
'niii) Conner
Magma Chief
Monster Chief
Pittsburg Jerome
Rav Hercules
Sin t Kits
T"m Iieed ,
I'riieil F:'stern
V.'e-:i-n . .'
V.- Io i'- t elision
Vetd" Ce!:.!..inat!on ...
WV-rcn
Arizona
White Caps
. 3
41
85 '4
2 '
. 24
. 22
9
. 6'-
. 95Vi
?'
ss
. ?f;
. 5S'i
. 2Vi
9
. 5i
. im,
. lsv;
40
1 :
. 5:
22
1 11-16
17U
17 "
1 V.;
1",
17
I"
03
7"s
:;o
3-16
4Si
30
4
4'i
10
r-'s
Ostman
r'lv CoHins fi ti:tT:ertf.nl
Bid
- r .... 5
Ai' US 11
Ask
12
25
Tm, Rn,d
Ti-r Jin
Bo'indrry Cone
'"tr Go'd
Fess-'ndm
.05
1 1'4
.(
04
.01
l."0
05'
.09
Gold Ree3 .10
r5"''' CiirT -15
cv. I'-.-no- 0?. .04
7i4 Li'.cVy Boy 12
miT. M-iv Vi-lo-v .10
il-jiti, "-t "r r'inihiiiM'ion 10
109 "nvside .20
7Sx; "pii.irl'lo .20
T,9t. Tni Rd 2 05
57: United Ur-stei-n 4.50 4 0
7".; "-'trl Northern OS
154 "nit t V' stern 03
' v. I i-n .20
fin! Other Curbs
2"; G-CsHin 2.:.0
fiVi ".r en Mnnster 1.S7 l.'.'l
il! 'v.it Ixiudon 2" .25
j1'!' rtunj-c 1.37 212
T,it'sh';r" 'e-ome 62
"m .pi-. i1" 191 2f
' c " ' " ri7""ni 40 T
""f'H
'- "-""es 19
i r- -1
' i-f 37
ill',. ' '' Arizona 1
7iU, ' ' Mut : ri- i.ode .. "'
S -; " r ' - (' ..'b'-.Kilion 75
ie-.. ' Mi . ni t :.:: .lidated :' -' ?
1 if,' . ' fiahep Co- ner 1.0(1 1 '. t
1 - 7 ' '. A -tAn- 01
'mi". t:'e
re-, .,. ;
. ,, I-.
14"'.
. . r. -nv.-i'i ! it. .1
i-0 -s -.
' i
Cr !i!-:.'t Oil
watel
? on Int
! i . Lowell
Advert ine uni
. To A Nt.KJ J -P!TBM iAVL1 I To VA(.M jTC tt!?
Vy.HO Vrouvii. POR A A coke. -ii ( 1i-iVv;u- ' y 6r J wte
, AWor If (ETS TAME, j' j V t VXS sSS? " I
) i! l '- lVi
j! LO'u'ge
WEEK ENDING MARCH 17
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Com." Regular
-Friday
Saturday
61 '.
t. BuFDSOE. W. M.
B T. WATKINS. Secy. F. & A. M
A. M. COLWELL, E. H. P.
C. F. PHlLLilvOOK, T. L M.
J. K. FRY. E. C.
F S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chapter
and Commandery.
W R. BANKS. Secretary Council.
iih.h1.iij; ml and tUird Frl
1 ea-.i iuoii.li. Vi.-iiiog brothers
uiii uii-u 10 a. lend.
lU.i'.a ij. tiLAK. Lxa.ted Ruler.
li. li. COOVt.lt, Secretary.
ouy
CiL'.
B:SE.i. LOCiuE, No. 1(J, I. O. O. F.
Meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at O'id
Fellows Hall.
Aiiiiti .-treet at 7:00 p. m. Visiting
brottis coruially invited to attenL
. uil phone 119.
CAUL V. NELSON, N. G.
G. A. PLLNKETT. Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. l NO. 21a
Meets in L O.
O. F. Hall sec
ond and fourth
SATURDAY
at 7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to ni-
tend.
GEO. SLEEMAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary.
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee. .
LOCKOUT SUSPENDS ALL
WORK IN CLEVELAND
(By Review Li as d V irt )
CLEVELAND. O.. Mar. 1". Tin
most complete building tie-iip in
Cleveland's history, stopping work' ca
more than 1500 jobs .ad - '.Ooii.iiyi.l
worth of construction worV. -. ent into
elieet late this afternoon wi.en co:-
tia;:rs, members of tie building
t:adi employers' association iock(di
out lO.OoO members of the building
trades council working on fieir jotii. '
t'if,v-)ft t'-.n m.,n hii.i
idle in the building trades due to lock 1
1 out and strike. 1
THIS WOMAN
TOLD TO CHOOSE
Between Operation and
Death. Cured by Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound.
De Moines. Iowa. 'My ausbsnl
says I would have been in my jrrsve to
day nsd it not rieen
for Lydia E. Pink
ham s Vegetabl-t
Compound. I suf
fered from a serious
female trouble an 1
the doctors said I
coulJ rot live on
year withont an
operation. My hus
band objected to th
operation and trot i
III!
i :i
i me to try Lydia E. ,
1 ir.kham s Ve ge-
tal.le Corrpound. I soon commenced tJ I
ret ht tt r a:i'l arn now v:ell and able ti I
do rr,v ovn I work. I can recorr
t.ierA Lydia E. rinkham's Veftetabk
Compou'id to any won-.an as a wonder
ful lualth restorer." Mrs. BLANCHE
JEr t KKSoN, 703 Lyon St., Des Moines.
This famocd remedy, the medicinal
Sr.jrredients rf which are derived from
hipliiy prized roots and herbs, has for
forty years proved its value in euc!i
csst-s. Women everywhere bear wil
lin.er testimony to the wonderful vircuo
cf Lydia E. Pinkham's V establc Com-
:.;d-
NotlCeS.,.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MLN
Meets first and third
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
in Medigovich Hall. All
Tisiting Red Men invited
to attend.
JOHN KELLY, Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Medicine Maa.
F. C. FENDERSON, C. of R.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Hall
5 Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meets
in Masonic Hall second and
TvB) fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS. W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box 841. Bisbee.
MRS JESSE SEVAN. Sec'y. P. O. Box
2299. Chairman Relief Com. Phone 647
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Ratbbone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:39
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
EARL SOBLEY. C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM. K. of R. S.
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
' Meets in Medigovich Hall 2nd and
4th Fridays of each month.
HATTIE A. LUKfi. Guardian.
PAULINE F. BROWN. Clerk.
P. O. Bos 621.
t. f. a.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
r mm
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
i r,r ;--Oi
and 3rd Mondays
01 eacn monrn at
7:30 at Odd Fel
lows' Halt rat
ing members cordially invited.
PHIL.' DAVIS. President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
V Bo 722, -Tel. 236. Red. :
kAtHEr.IXE SALHOLM. Secretary.
... BIS6EE LODGE, NO. 718. !
1
Meets every Friday night. Moose HalL
Vis ting hr -thers cordially invited.
V. FLTTEY, Dictator.
KAY ROSS. Secretary.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Biabve Camp No. U41i.
Meets first Tiiesrijy at
Odd Fellows Hall.
R. L. MOTZ. Consul.
H. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
I
PYTHJAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple. No. 3,meets every 2r.d
ana 4th Thursday evening of each
Qjorth at Odd Fellows' Hail. Visilisg
listers are cordially Invit'.d.
(NNA HART. M. E. C.
JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. C
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30. Brophy Hall.
J. L. WINTERS. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
Ml Woidmen invited.
KNIGHTS & LADIES OF SECURITY.
BISBEE COUNCIL. NO. 2115.
Meets every Thursday- at I'nion
all. 7:30 p. m. Visiting members ar
ordially Invited. C. A. Cleai. 1'res,
25 B shee.
rederick J. Attaway. Sec, Lowell,
in-juist. rmancier. box 23240. Low.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 173. F. O. E., meets
irst and third MONDAYS. 8. p. m,
:agles Hall Visitors cordially wel
ome. ICITARD DAS. PresidenL
M. D. COHEN. Aerie Physician.
UNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets In Mcdi?ovicb
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month.
Visiting brothers wel
come. M. C. BENTON. Councillor.
J. L. BENTON. Recording Secretary.
By C A. VOIGHT
lit?
'W
tiKN ,
m EIGHT
THE BISELT. DAILY REVIEW. FRIDAY MORNING, .MARCH 16. 1$17.
t
I .
I
i
a.
aeatre
TONIGHT QUAUTY FIRST TONIGHT
COMMENCING C:15 P. M.
THE TRIANGLE KAY3EE PRESENTS
H. 3. WARNER WITH DOROTHY DALTON IN
"The Vagabond Prince"
' THE GREATEST SCREEN ATTR CTiGN OF THE YEAR WITH ONE
OF.THE GREATEST ACTORS OF ST Jl LV.D SCREEN IN THE TITLE
ROLE.
A THOMAS H. LNC" FJRODUCTION
THE TRIANGLE KEYSTONE FR "SC-fTS VVEEER AND FIELDS
IN
"The Best of Enemies"
A Mack Sennett Key lore of Course.
ADMISSION - - - 10 and 15 Cents.
GAMBLER IS FINED
AT SECOND TRIAL
Restaurant Man, Released
When Witnesses Testify
They Were Only Flaying
For Candy, is Again Arrested.
WILL
NOT CAUSE 2 BIG
SMELTERS TO STOP
Kami! Iiill.il. of thp International
;'al'e, was lined $if,o by Judge Frank
Thomas in city fourt yesicn'.ay, on a
charge of miming h disorderly house.
Hillal was tried on a similar charge
Wednesday afternoon anil found not
guilty, aHer several Greeks had testi
fied that they had not been gambling
in his place, but bad merely "taken
a stack" for nothing and wore playing
cards to see who paid for Ihc candy
or drinks. The police doubted this,
ho-vovrr, and arrested Ililial a few
l:onvs later, this time "catching him
w ith the goods."
(Special to The Review!
DOl'til.AS. Mar. 1.'. li wru authoi
i.atively reported here today that
should the railway strike prove ef
leilive Satuiduy. hoi ti the Copper
Jiieeu ami ('. K A. smelters here are
prepared to run steadily for at least
"il days without additional shipments
of oie or fuel. Koth plants are .said
to have tremendous fuel supplies and
large quantities of ore in the beds
and bins.
ORIGINAL BlSBEE-TOMBSTONE
STAGE LINE. ,
In-- original Tombstone stsgB leave
I., at 7 a. tn nnd l::'t p. in from
iit.se Motor Co. Phone 444. Leaves
lemctuaHy on time daily. 939
(Advertisement)
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC
The Trades Assembly did not au
fiotize rnc to publish the article tliHt
came out in the Review March tl-17.
J. H. Bujout.
Advertisement. Tl'4
fiUjul
ITS 3 .
The Home of Real Reel Features.
. Continuous from 1 to 10:20.
-:- :- -:- :-
PATHE PRESENTS
! 'The Romantic Journey'
I ' ' A Gold Rooster Flay in Five Parts
Featuring
WILLIAM COURTNEY AND ALICE DOVEY
ADMISSION - - - - 10 and 15 Cents.
ItyBiiefir
fiETURN TO TUCSON.
Mr. and Mrs. Nat Hawks and son
William, who had been visiting with
friends in this city for several days,
lelt yesterday morning in their car
for their home in Tucson. They re
turned by way of Douglas.
Ride on the American Stage Line,
B'abee to Douglas. Phone "CC.
Advertisement.
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
(Allen Block)
Delicious home made butter. It
costs came as any other. Try It.
Advertisement. 310
LEAVE FOR EL PASO.
Mr. and Mrs. II. M. Jacobs ! f i yes
terday morning in their automobile
for El Paso, where they will visit for
several days.
FOR RENT
Three room furnished bungalow in
; Highland Park. I'ncle Jim. Brewery
1 Cj i h. Advertisement. -SI'S
HUMAN FLY HERE.
The best investment on earth! A
piece of the earth. The Globe Sulphur
Co.. of Louisiana, are offering you the
best Don't fail to get a few of these
'ots. They are $40 each, easy terms.
See F. Briggs & Co., Lowell. Phone
701. Box "0u7. Advertisement. C92
EL PASO SOLDIER
FLEES; SUSPECTED
BEING GERMAN SPY
r.U PASO. Mar. 15.--A non-com
missioned ntficer of the I'nlccd States
wartermaxter corps disappeared, from,
here on March 7, anil e ret service
agents are now inak:r:g- an investiga
tion oi any possure conne'iion lie
may have had with tj- Herman gov- J
ernment. Although enlist. d under
an American name. h was said to
have had the appearance of a Ger
man, speaking English with a Ger
man accent.' His uniforms, -vere ft
behind, but every letter, paper rnd
oilier document in his possession
was destroyed. He had vnore than
?500 in the bank here. Officers say
tliey believed he flod to Mexico.
The lnrrtigation of the case of
Alexander Frutcher. a noncommis
sioned Officer Of the Seventeenth I'.
S. Cavalry was continued today while
he held in the Fori fills.? guardhouse.-
A number of additional pap
ers and documents in rod'.? were- said
to have been found amiint his effects
today.
The event of the season will be the
St. Patrick's day dance at the Eagles
Hall Saturday night. Advertisement.
jam.
if
Big dinner at the Eagles Hall from
11 a. m. until after the dance on St.
Patrick's day, Saturday the 17t!i. Din
ner 50c. Advertisement.
FR1TZEN REACHES N. Y.
Quality Backed
Up With Style
You can have both,
guaranteed, a t a
known medium
price.
Styleplusft7
ui
"1 h !imt nrice the wcrkj orcc'
BASE BALL
The Junction Briggs. fotmerly the
Junction All Stars, will play the ISth
Infantry at Warren Park Sunday,
March ISth, 2:00 p ni. Admission
25c. Ladies free. Advertisement. 7S9
TEXAN CLIMBS UP
SIDE OF BUILDING
FORFEITS BOND
Rosano Sanchez forfeited a $15 bond
in police court yesterday morn Ins by
not appearing to answer to a .charge
of drunkenness.
AMARANTH DANCE
Arizona Court No. 1 Order of the
Amaranth will hold a dane at the
Co'intrv Club Friday evening. Mirch
!. it S-.o All Masons and Fastem
Stars invited Advertisement. 745
Smithicum. the "Tesa3 steeple
i-ick." furnished plenty or excitement
Lor several hundred persons yesterday
afternoon by climbing, unaided by
: iij.es or 12-lders, up the front of the
Copper Queen hotel to the roof and
then Numbering to the top of the
flagpole. Smithicuni staved his stunt
in a cool and deliberate manner,
seemingly undaunted by the fact that
lie was often compelled to stretch his
1 and fingers considerably to make
mine of his steps. The Texas man is
working his way to California by
climbing up the sides of the highest
buildings in cities along the route.
4Zo 00 tailor made uncalled for suit.
$20.00. Millard & Bateman, Allen
Block. Advertisement. i
The Optical department of L L. Gil-1
man's is the oldest in the state and
Iso the busiest, e -ploying two regis
tered opticians who devote their, en
Mr time correcting your vision and
-rinding your lenses. You will al
ways find us ready and qualified to '
Kandle the most complicated cases
v.it-out delay. We boast of having
t'-e largest number of prescriptions
'n the west and each one represents
i satisfied customer.
Advertise nent .
NEW YORK. MarMo. Alfred A. luIOTri6S
i- ritzen. a tormer German army cap
tain reached here tonight from Cali
fornia in the custody of department ;
of justice agents and tomorrow will ;
plead in the federal court to an in
dictment charging him with having
engaged in a conspiracy to destroy-
the wetland canal.
.MIE'LL BE WELCOME
IF SHE COMES 11 EKE
All persons attending f'e dnnce giv
en by the Amaranth tonight may take
the 7:30 or 8:00 o'clock car from Bis
tee Advertisement. 818
3 St ,
l I oramouritidilrpJ'
UP FROM CANANEA.
C E. Gab"lson. P. E. Haskevich
n' I B Hamilton, of Canauea, are in
Eisbee for a brief visit.
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath, 98 Mason
Hill, Mason Hill car stop.
Advertisement.
Central Theatre
Highest cash prlc pain" for old goU
and silver I.owe'1 .'ewerrv S-on
' W witch inspector P. & S V.
Railroad. Advertisement 284
A car every notr, Bisbea to Doug
las. Good cars and. careful drivers
Auieriern Stage Line, Phone 36G.
NOTICE OF DIRECTORY CLOSING
The next insertion of the telephone
directory of the Mountain States Tel
ephone & Telegraph Co goes to press
Monday, March 19th. All corrections
i.nd changes should be in by that date.
Advertisement. 811
TONIGHT TONIGHT
Commencing 5:30 P. M.
JESSS L. LASKY, Presents
The Incomparable
MARIE DORO
In a Modern Screen Melodrama
BACK FROM TOMBST6NE.
i O S. French has returned from a
visit in Tombstone.
PRISONER ATTEMPTS
SUICIDE IN JAiL
Do you read music or play an iti
sirument, if not let me tach you. Ad
dress Albert H. Boles, L'isbee.
Advertisement. 7P0
Ilie Lash
A social drama of social contr?ss in
which Miss Doro as a fisher maid of Brit
tany is introduced to modern world soci
ety and its temptations. .
A production that proves the motion
picture is an art.
ADMISSION 10 and 15 Cents.
CHILD OPERATED UPON.
Te three and one-half year old
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. L. Warm
ington was operated on at the Copper
Queen hospital Wednesday morning.
The child's tonsils and adenoids were
removed.
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE
Irwin Studio, Main Street 857
ri"-rtise((ier.t
Cordon Wales, a former member of
the I'tah national euard. attempted to
etui his life in the Lowell jail Wednes
a;t night by :ishin his tlir ial with
a razor blade which he had coucealed
in his clothing. Soou after Wales had
cut his throat. Deputy Sheriff Jack
iiyan found him in the cell weak from
hiss of blood, elr s was taken to
the county hospital near Douglas and
is expected to recover. He is said
to have been drinking heavily during
the last few weeks.
All the good things to eat at the
dinner to he served by the Catholic
Ladies at the Eagles Hall on Saturday
the Seventeenth. Adv ;-t:sement.
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
(Allen Block)
A great big glass fresh buttermilk
It's only 5 cents. Advertisement. 309
v ; -iLV
JUST WRIGHT SHOES
Complete line of these famous
shoes. Just arrived. Mi)'ra Shirt &
Hat Shop. Adv. 309
FOR RENT
Highland Park for picnics, clubs
and parties, good dance floor. Thonc
257 J. A. Finney, Sr., Uncle Jim's,
Brewery Gulch. Advertisement 639
WANTED To buy a four or five
room modern house in Warren. D.
C. B., i are Review.
Don't forget to buy your
Verde Extension stock from
Shanihaugh. Advertisement.
Grei.t
A. ?!.
til. 3
Come and have a good time at St.
Patrick'3 dav ball at Eagles Hall. Sat.
7SS Mar. 17. Admission $1.00.
Advertisement. 751
QuolifyinPhotophys
NEO-BEAUTY SHOP
Xeo-PIastique Massage, mamcurir.?
specialty. Your pntronatre soliHt
d 1.1(1103 and gentlemen Mrs F!
1 M Sniyer. t!o-i n 'fi Jn'-'i ! H
The Catholic Ladies will serve a
dinner at Eailes Hall Sat., March 17, ,
! -winning at 11 a. m. and lasting un
til after the dance. Dinner 50c.
Advertisement. 750
Bring your watches and jewelry to
Lowell Jewelry Shop. Official watch
Inspectors E. P. & S. W. Railroad.
Advertisement 2S4
m i i
.Mis- ..a- I r- ri-a. v -
All wool fabrics and
expert tailoring
make quality that
cannot be denied.
Volume and scienti
fic . manufacturing
make it possible at
the price that still re
mains the same, $17
throughout the nation.
DE FACTOS SLAY 50
SALAZAR BANDITS
WEST OF LAGUNA
(By Review Leased Wire)
EI. PASO. March 15. A report was
received here late today that fifty
rebels of" Jose Ym-t Salazar" rotu
niand were killed at the Lielaros
mine, 12 miles west of Laguua station
on the Mexican Central Railroad, early
today when a Carranza force of Yaqui
Indians pursued and 'jvertook the Sal
azar band that had attacked - a pas
senger train at Laguna station Friday.
According to the report Salazar and
his followers were overtaken by a su
perior force of de facto troops at the
mine. Salazar is said to have had a
narrow escape from capture. The Car
ranza losses were reported to have
been 27 dead and several w'ounded.
The Salazar command escaped toward
Alamos de San Juan Arroyo, west of
the mine, with the de facto troops in
pursuit according to this report
Tr F.i-vntd Col .?n. Chirop-aetor Celebrate the Seventeenth by at-
! usi; o:ut i. rhi u urtisra. nervous- tending te S'. Pr.trirk's day tall at
m; a specialty. Office. Hughes C-e Eagles Hall. Admission $1.00.
" -ff't.- v M C A AC-ertis-m-nt
A fuMibaii ntjlcti i.klrt.- 8
tesnin composeti entirely of z:'.
li.e real are of a recent hi.nt 1
lit Lilnil'Lli ;h fot t'.e !:. -'i; f
.vounded soldiers and -iiiiixs
LAST CHANCE! LAST CHANCE!
Another slnughter on all goods. On
ly a fpw more days to close- out the
remainder of goods at give-away pric
es. Don't wait until they are all gone
and then wish you had coite earlier.
All goods everywhere are on the rise,
nnd at the Racket Store they are on
t'-e cV.'line In fact, on t.ic Bargain
Counter. REMEMBER, ONLY A
i'KW DAYS LEFT. Brewery Oulch
Raiket Store. J. W. Woods. Prop.
Advertisement. 775
Today Only! f3
TT"q
q Today Only!
SELIG PRESENTS, WILUAM FARNUM
IN REX BEACH'S FAMOUS SENSATIONAL STORY OF ALASKAN MINING LiFE.
I -rv'j i " 1 I
' I I LLk Vr.
IN 12,000 FEET OF THRILLS.
IN ORDER THAT THE NIGHT SHIFT CAN SEE IT THROUGH
FOUR SHOWS 11:45 2:30 5:15 8:00
SEE THE GREATEST FIGHT EVER PLACED ON A SCREEN
Children 15c ... . Adults 25c