MARKETS.
WEATHER.
Sunday and Monday
fair; not much change
in temperature.
NEW YORK CITY.
Average Price of Cop
per for week ending
September 12, 25.83.
JJWO WJOJIJ.'M
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 21, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
VOL.20. No. 116.
7
mm
HUNS SCORE
VI
COUNT LOSS
OF
German Raiders Sink Two
British Destroyers and Sev
' eral Merchantment, But
Lose Heavily in Air Fight
ing. (By Review Leased Wire.)
Germany scored on the water in
Saturday's news developments which
recorded the breaking up of merchant
convoys in the North sea. Raiding
cruisers sank two British destroyers
and nine of the twelve convoyed ships.
eGrmany suffered little less than a dis
aster in the air, however, when four
and probably five Zeppelins believed to
be returning from a raid on England,
were brought dtwn in a French terri
tory by airplane and antl-aicratl 'pun
fire. i 4
Many Lives Lost " .
The sea tragedy cost the British the
lives of 135 officers and men on the de
stroyers who were left to their fate by
the German raiders, as were the crews
of the sinking merchantmen. About
one hundred of the merchant sailors,
however, are known to have reached
the shore In fjats or on British patrol
craft. All but three of the trading
ships were of Scandinavian nationali
ty, most of them apparently being
small vessels.
Escape British Vigilance.
Ttie character of the raiding war
s'uips is not apparent. The British ad
miralty" describes them as very fast
and heavily armed while Eerlin in Its
report reiers to them as "light sea
fighting forces." They escaped the vig
ilance of the British guardsfiips under
cover of darkness both on their out
ward and homeward trips.
Air Reverse.
The story oi Germany's reverse in
the air began with the account of a
raid on England last night in which
the bombs the Zeppelins dropped kill
ed twenty-seven persons and injured
fifty-three others. Reports soon be
gan to be received, however, of Zep
pelins being brought down in France.
These were at first supposed to belong
t'j an independent raiding flee'- De
spatches front France late in the day,
however, declared them to be the raid
ers returning from England. They
had appeared over French territory. It
was stated, and were scattered to var
ious parts of the country as the alarm
went out and the French airme'n rose
in swarms to attack them.
Ruse Situation Desperate.
The Russian fleet, which was caught
by the Germans in the waters around
the Gulf of Riga, is apparently in a
desperate situation. The Germans
have swon mines s'juth of Moon Sound
to blocvk an exit to the Russians there
while they are closing the route to the
north by their operations for taking
possession of Dago Island, which Ber
lin reports say are proceeding accord
ing tl) the German plan.
On ibe western fighting front, the
artillery battles are continuing both
in Flander and In the Aisne regions
but no infantry operations of, moment
are reported. In none of the other
war areas have the operations been of
a nature to command especial atten
tion. MOON ISLAND ABANDONED.
PETROGRAD, Oct. 20. Southern
Moon Sound and Moon Island have
been abandoned by the Russians un
der the pressure of . superior hostile
naval forces. It was officially announc
ei today.
The statement says:
. Under Pressure.
"Baltic sea: Under pressure of
superior enemy naval forces we have
been compelled to abandon Southern
i inn no
A I H b 11 1 1" D no ADVANTAGE OF
Moon Sound. Moon Island thus came
under the direct fire of enemy ships
from the Gulf of Riga and from Tvaa"
sar Bay and we are completely de
prive! of the possibility o defending
Moon Island and therefore decided
that no useful purpose would be served
by attempting to hold it.
Difficult Evacuation.
"The evacuation of the island was
begun under very difficult conditions
as it was all the time subjected to a
cross fire from the enemy's ships. Ou
destropers, trawlers and auxiliary
ships engaged them.
"During the day our trawlers dis
covered mine fields sown by enemy
submarines with the obvious intention
of closing to our ships the entrance
(Continued on Page Seven)
No Strike
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK. Oct. 20. Through
submission of all questions to a
committee to be named by the fed
eral government as agreed upon to
day by representatives of ttat own
ers, the threatened shipping tie up
of the port of New York November
1, will be averted. This was an
nounced today by Richmond. B.
Stevens, chairman of the adjust
ment commission of the federal
shipping .board.
MILITARY KIND
GB IN RAID
Associated Press Correspond
ent Finds That Damage to
Property Was Slight and of
No Value to Enemy.
(By Review Leased Wire.
LONDON. Oct. 20. Investigation by
the Associated Press of the London.
area affected by last night's air raid (
showed no serious property damage
had been caused by the attack.
Crowds of the curious flocked to the
scene, which was roped off and guard
ed by policemen.
one remarkaDie reature or tne raia:state authorities. Its chief features
was the fact that many persons liv-!are that every registered man will
ing in other sections of London knewju,ow j,j8 exact position and be able
nothing about the bombing until they
chanced to pass through a street in
the district where the bombs fell and
saw broken windows in a few build-
ings, the sight-seeing crowds and the!
police.
While vain search was for any mili
tary advantage gained by last night's
raid, several interesting stories were
developed. i
Entire Family Killed
Perhaps the most pitiful was the
killing of a widow and her seven chil
dren, in addition to a lodger in the
house. It appears the mother, went ; and district boards. So far has this
to the door and inquired of a neigh- j been accompiished that it Is believed
bor whether the all-clear signal had j lnat under tne ew 8VStem 80 per cent
been given and turned to go back,jof the work wju be eliminated while
when the bomb dropped. A few min- the ,orma t0 De Bsed vm not exceed
utes later the neighbor found the mo.j2n in number as compared with ap
ther unconscious in the street, leri proximately 182 which the present
house wrecked and her children bur-1 system requires,
ied in the debris. The woman re- Each Man classified,
gained consciousness long enough to "Along with the reduction of labor
ask for her children. there will be provided a system which
Remarkable Case j will classify each of the nine million
, Another remarkable case was thatjmgn wno j,ave not yefbeen inducted
if a young woman who was dug outjnto military service and each man
of the wreckage in the basement ofWjn have been given his place in the
a fish market, where several persons j national scheme of life,
with whom she took, shelter were To do this it has been determined
killed. She was pinned there ror,
hours, but escaped serious injury.
Boy Buried
A little boy was found buried un-i
harmed under a table in a wrecked
hense where several persons were
killed or injured.
REPORTER TESTIFIES.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
EAST ST. LOUIS. 111., Oct 20.
Paul Y. Anderson, St. Louis news
poper reporter, testifying today at the
congressional riot inquiry, charged
there was complete collapse of the city
government during the riots. He told
of a personal encounter with Mayor
Mollman which resulted in his being
barred from the East St. Louis police
station. He said he saw 10 or 12
negroes killed during the riots and
that there was no attempt on the part j
of either soldiers or ponce to restore
order.
THE RECORD ESCAPE.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WINSTERSWYK, Netherlands.
The record in escapes from war captl
vitv trnnlri Mwm to be held bv a Run-
slan prisoner of war who has crossed j
the frontier near Wlnsterswyk. Tub !
was his twelfth attempt at escape. I
Three times he fled in the direction
of Luxemburg, twice he made for
Switzerland, on several occasions he
took the road to Poland and again to
Denmark, but in. every case without
success. This was the first time he
had tried his luck in the direction of
the Netherlands frontier, and after be
ing two months and 20 days on the
road success crowned "his presever
ance. JAP FINANCIAL AGENT.
(By Review Leased Wire).
TOKIO. The Japanese government
has decided to station a permanent fi
nancial commissioner at New York
City and has appointed Sho Den to the
! position. Similar posts will be created
I in other leading world centers.
SWEEPING IS
NEW PLAN FOR
RAISING THE
ARMY Of 0. S.
Provost Marshal General
Crowder Indicates That
New System Will Eliminate
Much Work and All Com
plaint
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. A sweeping
change in the machinery of the selec
tive draft, based on division of 9.000,
000 remaining registrants into five
classes in order of their eligibility for
military service, was announced today
by Provost Marshal General Crowder.
Details of the plan, which has been
approved by President Wilson, are
not disclosed. It is calculated, how
ever, to do away with virtually all the
complications of the first draft and to
ke ODeratjons of the local boards
hereafter little more than rubber
stamp proceedings.
Chief Feature.
The plan was worked out at confer
ences with local and district board of
ficials and approved by the various
to arrange his arraifs accordingly and
that no man deemed necessary to in
dustry or needed at home to support
bis family will be called to the colors
uniess the military situation is de3
perate.
Provost Marshal General Crowder
issued this statement:
Crowder Statement.
"With the completion of the draft oi
the first army or 687,000 men, a new
system will.be Installed for the crea
tion of succeeding armies, which will
greatly lessen the labors of the local
to obtain from each man complete in
formation of a character which will
definitely fix his economic worth as
compared with his fellow registrant.
and from the information thus ob
tained to place him in one of five
classes, each to be called in turn as
the need arise.
The "Questionaire."
"The method of obtaining this in
formation is through a 'questionnaire,
a series of questions calculated to pro
duce the information required. This
document will be mailed to every reg
istrant not yet in service, on a day
to be fixeU, seven days being given
to each registrant to complete and re
turn the same. Every opportunity
will be offered to each man to com
plete his questionnaire fully and with
out error.
"The local boards will then examine
each questionnaire and assign each
regIstrant ,0 one of fjve cia98e8
M Condition Judaed.
"These classes will be based upon
j every conceivable condition, from the
family or occupational standpoint,
I that should properly be advanced by
a man desiring to be excused from
military duty. Class one will be the
first called for physical examination
and service and when it is exhausted
if tne nation's needs are such as to
make ,l necessary, class two will fol-
low, and thus each man registered
will ultimately take his place if needed.
"Every opportunity for appeal from
such classification by the local board
has been retained and perfected, but
proceedings have been greatly simpli
fied. Tedious Work Eliminated.
"The tedious work of the local
boards has been practically eliminated
by the production of a form to be
known as No. 1,000, which will be the
foundation stone of the new system.
Through its use. all the laborious work
of making and posting lists has been
eliminated. All of the old docket
sheets and records will be made un
necessary and by the arrangements oi
its columns, the work of the local
board will be reduced to a minimum.
"On this new form the complete
(Continued on Page Seven.)
SURVIVORS OF
GERMAN RAID
IN NORTH SEA
LEFT TO FATE
After Sinking Destroyers and
Neutral Merchantmen Hun
Raiders Leave Without Try
ing to Rescue! Sailors,
t -
(By Reviewi Leased Wire.)
LONDON, Oct i 20. Two German
raiders attacked 'a i convoy in the
North sea Wednesday and sank two
of the British escorting destroyers, it
was announced officially today by the
British war office. The British tor
pedo destroyers sunk were the Mary
Rose and the Strong How.
The official announcement says
three merchant vessels escaped in the
action, but that five Norwegian, one
Danish and three Swedish vessels
were sunk without warning.
Thirty Norwegians were rescued by
patrol craft.
The raiders made no attempt to
rescue the crews of the sunken de-'
rtroyers.
TEN SAVED
(By Review Leased Wire.)
LONDON, Oct. 20. Ten of the
crew of the British destroyer Mary
Rose, probably the only survivors on
that vessel, have reached Bergen, ac
cording to a Reuter dispatch from
Christiania. They will not be interned.
as they were saved by a Norwegian j
lifeboat while clinging to two buoys.'
THIRTY-SEVEN MORE
(By Review Leased Wire.)
CHRISTIANIA, Oct. 20. The ad
miral in command reports the rescue
of37hien from-the stamers sunk by
the German raiders.' vThe following
details are given:
"Rescued from Norwegian steamer
Krlstine, one man; Sorhaug (599
tons), eleven men; Silja, seven; Ha
hil. seven.
"From Swedish steamers, Wikan
der, two men; Wistur, nine.
"A dispatch from Bergen says sev-,
eral survivors arrived there last night
and related harrowing stories of their
two days' sufferings ad privations in
small boats.' The cap'ain of one of
the Norwegian steamers, sole survivor)
of that vessel, said he ordered his
crew into the boats, but Germans be
gan firing immediately. After the
boats were lowered a shell hit one
and killed nine men.
"The crew in despair returned to
the steamer and signaled to the Ger
mans to cease firing, but their appeal
was not heeded. The bridge was hit
and knocked overboard with the cap
tain and rest of the crew. The captain
managed to save himself by swimming
to a raft. He was picked up two
hours later by a boat from one of the
other sunken steamers.
"It is reported from Utvar that 17
men from a British destroyer arrived
there at 3 o'clock Friday morning. It
was at this port that a Norwegian
torpedo boat touched with 37 surviv
ors from sunken steamers."
Available shipping records do not
give the steamers Kristine, Silja, Ha
hil, Wikander or Wistur.
NORWEGIAN REPORT
CHRISTIANIA, Oct. 20. Of 12 ships
sailing in convoy from Norway to
England sunk October 17 by German
cruisers, five were Norwegian, repre
senting a total of 3400 tons; two were
Dnish, two Swedish, one Belgian and
two British.
So far. 71 survivors have arrived
on the west coast.
FROM COPENHAGEN
COPENHAGEN. Oct. 20. The Dan
ish steamer Stella. 836 tons, it is an
nounced, was sunk Wednesday while
bound from Norway to an English
port. Seven of the crew are reported
to have reached a Norwegian port.
The Stella was probably the Danish
steamer reported by the BrtiBh war
office as being attacked in the North
sea on Wednesday, when two destroy
ers and nine other vessels were de
stroyed. CANADIAN CHOSEN.
(Bv Review Lease Wire)
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20. Dr.
Charles J. Hastings, of "Toronto today
was elected president of the American
Public Health association. The ex
ecutive committee will select Uie next
meeting place.
Recall
(By Review Leased Wire)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20. A
writ of mandate to compel Z. H.
Zemansky registarar of voters, to
hold a recall election against Dis
trict Attorney Charles M. Fickert.
of Ran Francisco, was isxued by
the scate supreme court here today.
The movement for Flckert's re
call grew out of his activities in
prosecuting Thomas J. M'joney and
other defendants charged with mur
der In connection with a bomb ex
plosion here In July, 1916.
E INTRIGUt
UNEARTHED FOR
I
Investigation Into Affairs of
Bolo Pasha Throws Light
Upon Other Transactions
of the German Officials.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK, Oct. 20. Perely
Morse, expert accountant, retained by
Morton E. Lewis, state attorney gen
eral, to Investigate the financial trans
actions in this country of Paul Bolo
Pasha. German propagandist and spy,
made public today testimony given by
Adolph Pavenstedt former bead of the
banking house tt G. Amslnck and com
pany to the effect that be loaned S20,
000 to the late Herman Rldder, publish
er of the New Yorker Staats Zeltung.
Pavenstedt has admitted Bolo's nego
tiations with Count von Bernstorff,
then German ambassador to the Unit
ed States, were conducted through
him. Amsinck and company handled
German funds for Bolo.
Ridder's Involved.
Pavenstedt' testimony showed $15,-j
000 of the payment came from Dr. :
Bernhard Dernburg, former German
colonial minister, and director of Ger
man propaganda in this country but
that neither Mr. Ridder nor any mem
ber of his family ever knew Vf Dern
brug's connection with the transaction.
Mr. Ridder came to him about the
time the European war began, Paven
stedt said and asked a loan of $20,000.
Without Mr. Ridder's knowledge Pav
enstedt went to Dernburg and told him
the situation. He said he told Dern
burg the Ridder's "have always follow
ed a very good ctourse for the 'German
interests here.''; . .
"Then I asktid hi mif he would put
up the money." Pavenstedt testified.
Dernburg replied that because he
wanted him (Pavenstedt) ."interested."
he would give $15,000 if Pavenstedt
would give $5,000. .
Advance Money.
"I talked to my partners about it
and the firm of Amsinck and company
first advanced the $5,000 with the $15,
000 of Denburg' but I afterward per
sonally took the money from my ac
count because the partners objected it)
my having it on the books because It
did not belong, they said, t6 the busi
ness, continued Pavenstedt' testi
mony. "Nobody ever knew Dr. Dernburg
was the man who supplied moat of it.
The Ridder's never knew it They
do not know it today."
Other Check Shown.
Mr. Morse, with the consent, he said
of the attorney general, displayed two
other checks bearing Pavenntedt's sig
nature in addition to the one made
payable to the Staats eZitung. Each
was for fifty dollars. One was to the
Deuschea Jornal. dated January 12,
1916. One of the indorsements it
bore was "W. R. Hearst." The other
was to the American Truth Society
dated January 31, 1917. The first en
dorsement was that of Jeremiah
O'Leary president.
Pavenstedt testified he had no recol
lection of these checks and Inquiry
into them was dropped.
The following statement concerning
the Ridden transaction was made to
night by B. H. Ridder:
Ridder Bake Statement
"The fact that part of the money ad
vanced to Mr. Herman Ridder by Mr.
Pavenstedt In 1914 came fitm Dr.
Dernburg was never known to Mr. Her
man Ridder. as far as we know. Mr.
Ridder's eons knew nothing of the
transaction excepting that when Mr.
Ridder's financial difficulties became
acute no'.es of O. Amsinck were pre
sented for payment together with oth
er notes.
"These notes were placed in the
hands of a noteholder's committee."
Did Not Know.
The notes were all liquidated by the
Staats eZitung on or before March 1,
1916. None of Mr. Herman Ridder's
sons, nor any one connected with them
on the Staats knew Pavenstedt had
not advanced his own money it Mr.
Ridder. Mr. Pavenstedt, being a man
(Continued on Page Seven.)
0
MANY DOUR
ERS
LIBERTY LOAN CAMPAIGN IS
ENTERING LAST WEEK WITH
PROSPECTSf FULL QUOTAS
Treasury Department Thinks That the Maximum Figure Set
Will Be Reached $500,000,000 Daily Must Be the
Amount Subscribed. Liberty Holiday is Expected to Pro
duce One Billion. Week-end Figures Good.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. The liberty loan campaign to
day progressed to the threshold of official expectation and
paused. Treasury heads had hoped the $2,000,000,000 line
would be crossed. Apparently the big value stopped ju3t short
of the mark, with an estimated total of $ 1 ,97,000,000.
The result means that $500,000,000 must be subscribed
every day of the remaining week of the campaign ifthe $5,
000,000,000 goal is reached when subscription books close
next Saturday night.
Official Returns.
Official returns 'from the 12 reserve banks, representing
subscriptions upon which the two per cent of the sum applied
for actually has been paid into the reserve banks increased
during the day to within less than $1,000,000 of $1,200,000,
000. As announced by the treasury tonight, the estimated
subscriptions and the quotas of the districts were as follows:
District
Official
Boston $ 141,300,000 $
New York ..
Phil'dTia ...
Cleveland
Richmond ..
Atlanta
Chicago ....
St. Louis ....
Minn'p'lis ..
K. City
Dallas
S Fr'cisco....
540,412,000
33.48l;850
144,850,000
44,307,000
10.642,550
138.999,000
26.746,100
44.000.000
11,902,000
10.048,650
53,051,400
Totals ....$1,199,740,550 $1,973,000,000 $5,000,000,000
Want Full Quota.
The $5,000,000,000 total can be attained next week, of
ficials estimated, if there be no let-up in the campaign and if
districts in the middle west, the southwest and the west are
aroused from an apparent apathy which thus far has caused
great concern.
Liberty day, it is thought, will be the banner day of the
campaign.
A total subscription of $ 1 ,000,000.000 on this day, next
Wednesday, is the goal which hundreds of thousands of work
ers are striving to reach. It is thought likely the final week of
the campaign will show, in its entirety, a response on the part
of the nation greater than during the whole prior three weeks.
There will have to be such a response, it is stated, if the full
$5,000,000,000 is taken.
McAdoo Speaks
" ; ity of the governmen itself behind it
(By Review Leased Wire.) ! In his speech he made little men
AMARILLO. Tex.. Oct 20. Three' tlon of submarine disasters and did
thousand heard Secretary of the not comment upon the loss of the An
Treasury McAdoo speak on the Lib-j ,il,e8- " to a newspaper
erty loan here tonight He arrived! man that the idea the war wou,d
from Colorado Springs on a belated 600,1 be over ws misconception,
train which was held here 30 minutes:"" be over unt.i America
over schedule time in order that he
, . .
the imperative needs for buying bonds.;
He left on the same train for Fort
Worth and Dallas, where he Is sched-j
uled to speak Sunday.
The train, which was two hours
late, was met by a brass band and a;
multitude of people. The distinguish-!
ed speaker was escorted by local'
bankers and business men to a plat-1 (By Review Leased Wire.)
form of a wholesale house facing an! NEWARK," N. J., Oct. 20. Conrln
open lot upon which the thousands: 8jVe evidence that Germany mobilise 1
had gathered. ' her forces long before the date on
The secretary who was Introduced which she admits having done so. has
by Congressman Marvin Jones of this been obtained by the arrest by d--district.
afrer paying tribute to the partment of justice agents of Chris
loyalty of the Panhandle in sending topher Schnurrer, a graduate cf the
hundreds of men voluntarily to the University of Leipsic, it was announc
war and responding liberally to the ed here today.
first issue of Liberty bonds, launched! In Schnurrer's effects was found a
into a aiory of thelntriguee of the card issued by the imperial Germin
kaiser as intercepted 6y the Wash-1 government directing him to report
lngton officials. for military duty July 17, 1917. a for?-
Audience Amused night before Germany started hostili-
He amused the audience after he! ties on the plea that Russia already
had told them the kaiser had con-' was mobiliilng. Germany was obli
splred with Mexico to secure the lat-jed to admit that some of her troops
ter's participation in the war by of-
fering Texas as Mexico's part of the
indemnity of the war.
The conditions leading up to the
war, the great autocratical power of
the kaiser and his sinister efforts at
world conquest were bared by the
speaker.
In Contrast
In contrast he showed how the
American people are the government
and the officials only servants.
Then he drove home to the audi
ence the fact that if they are the
government, every member of the gov
ernment should support the nation by
lending the government money, espe-
Quota
175.000,000
660.000.000
155.000.000
1 50.000.000
95.000.000
25.000.000
375,000.000
100,000,000
55.000.000
65.000.000
18.000.000
100,000,000
$ 500.000.000
1,500.000.000
415.000.000
500.000.000
200,000.000
1 35.000.OCO
700.000.000
200.000.000
175.000.000
200.000.000
125.000.000
350.000.000
; dally for security which 4a always
(negotiable, and which has the autbor-
u" - -
i.Ja million or our men win oe a
the
ron''
ind then will come the crux."
he declared.
More Evidence
Against Huns
were on Belgian son eany in auSum.
but the Germans have insisted thetr
mobilization did not begin until the lat
ter part of July.
ROME STATEMENT.
ROME, October 20. Today's official
statement follows:
"On the whole front there waa patrt!
activity by our forces and the usual
reccprocal artillery fire."
GENERAL BURTON DIES
LOS ANGELES, Oct 20. Brigadier
Genearl Gearge H. Burton, U. S. A-, re
tired, died here today after a long ill
ness. He was 74 years of age.
Estimated TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 21, 1917.
Subscribe for Your. Liberty Bond
THERE IS ONE FOR YOU you know that though it may be only a $50 one.
The Bonds carry 4 per cent, interest bearing coupons, payable semi-annually arid
are arranged in denominations as low as $50. If you have not the money available to
buy a $50 or $100 bond, a way is provided to carry your subscription on the partial
payment plan. "THE FAIR" will be glad to give you Information relating to the Second
Liberty Loan and the convenient means for you to purchase a iberty Bond. Let us
urge YOU to subscribe NOW.
Boys' Corduroy Knickers $1.75
The mother in search of Trousers for her boy that will stand the rough play and hard
wear they are subjected to on the school grounds, will find these Corduroy Knickers all
that she could demand; they meet every requirement for service and durability. In siies
for boys from 7 to 18 years, full cut and well made; priced a pair $1.7?.
Quality Linked With Low Price
SrV ft.
. . -
I XsW iHi ,s kkI
-T-.i- v. 1
-i S -X ell - .
AUg Mil
Astonishing Indeed Is thd Style and Value Contained in These New
FallSuits at $20.00, $22.50 and $25.00 Priced Much More
Moderatelu Than Quality Actually Warrant
If you were to step into the wholesale market today to buy suits for retail selling you'd see instantly that the Suits we'll show you here
Monday, priced at $20, ZLb0 and $25 are worth boasting about. Une must not judge merchandise today by the merchandise of past sea
sons The conditions are entirely different.
SO IN ANNOUNCING THESE SUITS THAT HAVE JUST ARRIVED TO SELL FOR $20, $22.50 AND $25 THE STYLE
AND QUALITY THEY CONTAIN GIVE US A PERFECT RIGHT TO TALK ABOUT THEM. FIRST, FASHION'S VERY
NEWEST IDEAS HAVE BEEN CARRIED OUT, THEN THE MATERIALS AND TRIMMINGS ARE THE BEST OBTAIN
ABLE, THE NEWEST AND BEST COLORS ARE REPRESENTED. SUITS THAT ARE ACTUALLY $5 TO $10 BET
TER VALUE THAN THE PRICE. v
Surely, if you have decided on $20, $22.50 or $25 as the price you wish to pay for ypur new Fall Suit, this news should prove intensely
interesting to you. They are made of Poplin, Gaberdine, Serge and Burella Cloth; tailored styles, belted models and those that show the
military influence; trimmings of braid, fur, buckles and buttons. VERY UNUSUAL.
Silk Petticoats $2.95
IF WE COULD FIND WORDS adequate to express the unusualness
of this Silk Underskirt offer for Monday and make women know, as
we know, the remarkable value and splendid quality they contain for
the low price, the entire lot would be closed out before 6 p. m. to
morrow; They have top made of. pure Silk Jersey and deep flounces of
sofe quality taffeta, in all wanted plain colors and changeable effects;
Underskirts at $2.95 and fully ONE DOLLAR under their real value.
Fashion's Newest Coats for Fall and Winter
Truly Remarka le in Style, Material, Workmanship and Low Prices
Just dollars and dollars below the figures for which they were designed and fashioned to sell; ticketed much below what present
market cost justify us in asking. Coats that are actually worth FIVE to TEN DOLLARS more than the markings you'll see on
Monday's price tags.
Coats at $18.50 and $20
COATS of Wool Velour, Cheviots and Novelty Coatings in stripes, plaids
and mixtures; some large fur collars, others with collars and self-material,
button trimmed, and the majority of them have cuffs, belts and lafge pockets.
The style, the material, the finish and the workmanship of these Coats is
unsurpassed much better than you'd believe possible to offer, in face of present
morket conditions at the low prices of $18.50 to $20.00.
Coats at $25 to $37.50
COATS for street, afternoon, motor and general utility wear. Of velour,
poru pip. cloth, plush, rich mixtures and lustrous broadcloths; many of them
trimmed- with fur, or the new fur fabrics. All the plain colors and the pretty
mixtures of the new season.
Belted styles with large cape collars, those with high neck and fur collars,
but the smartest models are those that show the military influence. Remark
able values at $25 upwards to $37.50.
hm
'" t .',. i
I ? ' 1 '' ' ?
YTT
4
Wonderful New Suits
Priced at $35.00 .
No. indeed, they're not just ordinary $35.00 Suits the very fact that
we feature them as a very important Monday offer tella you that.
But it would take a more forceful headline than we have seen on any
advertisement for many weeks to carry you an idea of the unusual
ness of the Suits we have assembled to sell for $35.
IF YOU HAVE BEEN listening closely to what Fashion has had
to say you know the new lines make for slenderness and you'll
realize why they have been adopted so enthusiastically when you se
them exemplified In these new Suits- that we've marked to sell at $35.
LET YOUR fancy run almost wber it will In regard to style
or coloi- there is small chance but you will find what you want here.
Materials include Sergps, Velours, Gaberdines, Silk Plush, BureUl
Cloth and Shot Cheviots.
Black Satin and P QC
Fancy Silk SkirtsPP 0
A REPRICING OR SEPARATE Skirt s lor, Monday, one day only:
some are of black' shimmerv Satin, others of tancy striped Silks in
gay olors.
They are beautifull ydesigned and represent this season's newest
and best styles; there are high-waisted -models with shirred tops and
separate belts; others that are pleated or. plain nearly all have lar;
pouch or inserted pockets.
There is only a limited numbe rin the assortment, so if you're''
interested, prompt action is suggested regular $S.50 values for $5.95.
Remarkable News of Serge Dresses and
Their Little Prices, $18.50 and $20
OUT-OF-THE-ORDINARY from the fact that they are brand new the very last things that Fashion has
sent us in the way of Dresses for Autumn and Winter and wonderful, too, from the fact that we gave them
these low prices to make them worthy a prominent place in today's announcement.
MADE OF FINE quality French Serge and they're serges worthy of a new name; then there are other.
in pretty combinations of serge with satia that fairly radiate beauty and richness; trimmings consist of fabric
fur, soutache braid and buttons. Military effects, peg top styles and those that are pleated or have tunics.
Plain, practical models suitable for street wear and others that are just as entrancing for more dressy occas
ionsPriced at $18.50 to $20.00.
Remarkable Monday Offer Crepe de Chine
and Georgette
BLOUSES AT $2.95
Not ordinary Blouses. To begin with, they are of heavy instead of common
Crepe de Chine and Georgette; some have the new rolling 'cellars, some the high
nevks for suits. Many have the pin tucks that Fashion has confided to her favor
ites as proper for tailored suits; others are trimmed with Venise Lace or Filet
and some have a touch of hand-embroidery, colors are white, flesh, maize, navy,
black, vine and green. There are Taffeta Waists, too, ad smart stripes and
plaids, bright and subdued colors, convertible collars; $4 and $5. values for $2.95.
Women's Blanket Robes $3.95
Blanket Robes for women at $3.95 that would bring ever so much more in to
day's market, because we made a purchase quite some time ago and reserved
them for this timely announcement, right on the threshold of winter, just when
such garments are in demand, and selling at a premium instead of reduced prices;
new patterns in floral and conventional designs, pretty colorings $5 values
for $3.95. . .
Really It's Surprising the Chic and Smartness
of "THE FAIR" Hats at Reasonable Prices
$10.00 and $12.50
HATS THAT ARE vivid expressions ot styles at t!.;
moderate prices of $10 and $12.50 we are constantly
studying the new trimmings and shapes in order to give
our customers t!ie smartest hats in Bisbee at these
moderate prices.
For Monday there is a newly arrived assortment,
hand-made hats of silk velvet in sailor Bhape, in draped
turbans, in rolling brims, in odd.' distinctive models.
Trimmings are so varied that we wouldn't attempt to
describe them. The hat for you for Autumn clays, in
here.
The Charm and Beauty of
Inexpensive Hats, $4.95-$5.95
WHAT A WORLD OF INTEREST will these new and stunning hats create Monday at their little prices
$4.95 and $5.95. All are different modish and present the latest efefcts for fall and winter wear.
Made of excellent quality Silk Velvet and Panne Vlvet, many jaunty Turbans and smart hand-blocked
shapes; trimmings consist of Ribbon Bows, fancy Ostrich, Pom Poms and velvet flowers in all wanted fall
colors. The equal of these liats would cost $2 to $3 more elsewhere.
Exquisitively Dressed Feet A ttract
$7,50, $8.50 and $10
AND THEY EVEN HELP to open the door to
RO?ial or business opportunity. The Novelty Fall
Boots we show for women are the smartest and
most graceful obtainable; the product of experts
and they are created in styles that will suit
your individuality, your wardrobe, your pursuits
and your purs-1.
They are here In all the favorite leather com
binations, for fall, and all fashionable plain colors
and because of the fore-sinht ou the part of our
shoe buvixja placing orders far In advance, t.hese
Novelty Boots are from $2 to $5 lower in price
than you would have to pay in the exclusive shops I
of the larger cities. To see them will convince
vou of this statement. !
-Ml, Is.
tern
TO.
Mm
lit!'
Ft, iivHij rat
m
7
I
Children's 01.95
Sweaters
Regular $2J50 Values
The first cold spell and mothers
will come rushing for warmer outer
garments for their children, and
glad to pay the regular prices
but if you will take advantage of
this Monday offer, you will be pre
pared for the sudden drop in tem
perature, and will have made a
substantial saving, too. 1
They're in smart little models
for children from 2 to 5 years of
age; knitted of fine all:wool yarns
in colors, gray, cardinal, navy,
brown, rose, Copenhagen and white;
high or low necks, belts and pock
ets, regular $2.50 values for $1.95.
Wool Caps 29c
The mother who responds to the
above Sweater announcement, will
in all probability want to choose
one of these warm caps to go with
it. They are knitted of wool yarns
in plain and fancy stitches, with
pom pom op the side; colors to
match swe?ters on sale Monday
at 29c each.
Flannelette Gowns
75c to $2.50
There's a difference in Flannel
ette Gowns. And if you have as
sociated them withe the heavy,
clumsy unattractive kinds, you
should see these splendid new gar
ments with their pretty braid trim
mings. MADE OF EXCELLENT quality
flannelette in plain white and pret
ty pink and blue stripes; full cut,
extra long and well .made prices
begin at 75c and range upwards to
$2.0U and with flannelette prices
at the top notch, this should be
welcome news.
Women's
Wool Sweaters
$4 up to $8.50
SWEATERS for women are
much in detii:ind this Autumn.
Never before have Hie splendid
wool yarns been so cleverly woven,
curl styles so practical and becom-
Directing Your Attention
To CARTER UNDERWEAR
For Women and Children
We are exculsfve agents for Bisbe? and the
Warren District Examine the perfect workman
ship, the flat lock stitch, the shell crochet edges.
The scalloping around the neck, armholes and
Jown the front-closing garments.
Here you will see and understand why Carter
Underwear has been universally accepted by wo
uen who desire the better grades.
The fineness of materials, the velvet-like tex
ture of the yarn, fs apparent, but most of all,
"Carter" garments are cut true to size. In other
words, if you should wear a 6 you will not have
to buy an eight to get sufficient length ar.d breadth
:n the garment.
Carter garments are here in exquisite cottons,
pure wools or silk, and wool mixtures; medium
and heavy weights, for mother, little brother and
lister.
And last, but not the least in importance. Carter
garments for this winter were ordered nearly a
year ago, before the reecnt large advance in
prices, consequently, you will pay le if you
i-hoose your underwear at "The Fair."
Underwear Prices
Are Reasonable
Cotton Union Suits are $1.50. $1.75. a.:d $2.00.
Cotton and wool mixed Union Suits at $2.00, $2.50 and $3.00.
Silk and wool mixed Union Suits ?t $2.50, $3.00 and $3.50.
Finest all-wool Union Suits of softest yarns at $3.50, $4.00 and $5.00
I', suit.
Other makes of Women's Union Suit at 75c, $1.00 and $1.25.
Single garments for women in the lamous "Carter" quality at 65c,
75c upwards to $2.25.
Girls' and Boys' Union Suits at 75c, $1 00 and $1.50 .
An Unusual Bedding Stock
At Unusually Low Prices
AND NEVER BEFORE WAS THERE SUCH a bedding stock assembl
id in Bisbee and never were values more wonderful a fact all the more
remarkable when we consider tJie market conditions of today.
"The Fair" purchase! its bdding stock months ago orders were
1'laced at the then prevailing pric es, before they had -started their course
i kyward and now the bedding is here .marked to sell, in many instances
ft aDOUl cne wnoiesaie cost couay. ie us sufi'iy juur neuuing ueeus,
...i . .i. i ....... n
pi
mm
Sweaters and Flan
nel Shirts for Men
THE COOLER weather Is sugge
stive of cooler wear suggestive of
.flannel both in outer and under things.
"The. Fair's" Men's department is
particularly ready iUi the new Sweat
ers and Sweater Vests, with or with
out collars, in a, desirable range of
colors. Sweaters are priced at $4 5
and upwards to $10.00 Sweater Vests
at $6.00.
Wool Shirts
$2.50 to $4
AND WHEN IT SOMES to Flannel
ShirU we're very enthusiastic for w
have the variety, the quality, the value
and of intense interest to you at
lower prices, we believe, than you caa
find in a day's travel
The shirts that we are offering you
today were delivered to us last Feb
ruary, so you will undoubtedly know,
and appreciate the fact that we can
make you prices that are much, and
'way below the man who waited until
fall to makea his purchases. We'll
simply ask you to come and see them,
the shirts will tell their own convinc
ing story of qualit yand low prices.
:.$3
whether they be great or small.
Plaid
Blankets
Wool-Nap Blankets have a wool
finish and so closely resemble tJie
renuine all-wool that it almost
takes an expert to detect the dif-i-jrence
in plaid patterns of pink,
1 hie and tan. that are unusually
iretty; size 66xS) inches. They
v ould soil for a third more if
bought on today's market per
pair $.1.00.
Fine Wool
Blankets
'!$85d
"Wool blankets will soou be a
t'ung of the past" say experts.
"er 'iave there been such de
mands and needs for wool -and i:
doesn't look as if there would he
e i Improvement In conditions for j
s mie time to come. Buy Blankets j
p w while you eta get quality j
a-id at "The Fair." where you ca:i
s ire. White Blankets, pink or bluo t
l irders 72x80 indies; Plaid Wool
F-'ankets KSxSO inches priced at
$.'.50 a pair.
Cotton
- Blankets
Cotton Blankets, size 40 x HS
inc hes in gray, tan and white with
colored border, a pair 89c-.
Cotton Blankets, size 43x72 in
white, gray and tan at $1.00.
Cotton Blankets, size 45x72 iu
white, gray and tut at $1.25.
Ccttoit BUniKcts of heavy quality,
si;o 45x74 at $1.50 a pair.
Cotton Blankets at $l.7o. $ZM,
$2 .10 to $3.00; a variation of size
and quality making the ditrcreuce
in pric e. '
5-lb.Army Q'JdO
Blankets
FOR THE sleeping porch, cr for
camping trips one could not select
better blankets they'll be a woud
eriiil protection against all sorts of
roi'th wnather. In Army drab coir,
full weight , five pounds d wonder
ful value at $7.50 each.
And with all the scarcity of wool
and woolens, there's a variety of Flan
nel Shirts here that makes choosing
easy; every good color is represented,
navy, tan, gray, oxford, olive and gray
and brown mixtures, with military or
low collars, bellows, patch, or flap
pockets, priced at $2.50, $3.00, $150
and $4.00.
Men's Blanket
Robes $3.50 to $10
WE HAVE HAD many inquiries
lately for Men's Blanket Robes, and
we're glad to announce that we bare
just received our fall stock; it is un
doubtedly the largest and most com
prehensive line we have ever shown
: lid there's nothing cheap looking or
common-place abotlt any of them, even
the lowest priced at $3.50 is of excel
lent quality. In pretty patterns and
bright colors. The better grades at
$7.50 up to $15 are the handsomest
Blanket Robes we ever saw.
Men's Pajamas
Men's Outing Flannel Pajamas, ot
excellent quality and weight, all sizes.
priced at $1 ."'. $2 and $2.50.
Men's Outing Flannel Night Shirts,
lull cut. extra long and well made at
$1.25 and $150 each.
ii THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 21, 1917.
THREE
xiremes in
t
fl ii n 1 1 til I
uuemiy
1 w
(The Store With a Conscience.)
A correct fit for head, body ?nd feet, that's a specialty
with us.
STARTING AT THE TOP
There's just the right hat for you among our new
stock of felt and stiff hats at
$2.50 to $6.00
A look alone can prove this, so we invite you to have ,
a look.
COMING TO THE MIDDLE
We have a line of clothing, suits and overcoats
ANNUAL REPORT OF
DISTRICT'S RELIEF
WORKJADE PUBLIC
Miss Esther Cummings Makes
Her Annual Report to the
Board of Directors of War
ren District Relief Ass'n.
COULDN'T WALK ABOUT
HOUSE WITHUOT-HELP
Texas Man Took Electric and
Antitoxin Treatment for
Rheumatism Without Re
lief Gains 20 Pounds on
Tanlac
At $16
LA
.in .
No more, no less, that are every bit as good as. any
you ever bought for from $20 to $25.
WHILE IN THIS VICINITY
We will also mention the fact that we have, a very
large stock of light, medium and heavy underwear
in quality and prices that wiU please you.
GETTING TO THE BOTTOM OF THINGS
There's" footwear, and you'll find our Emerson shoes
pretty near the top when it comes to quolity, plus
style. Prices will please you.
$4.50 to $10
JOE DICKSTEIN
Main Street, Next to Bisbee Review.
We are Exclusive Agents In Bisbee for the Royal Tailors.
CAN BE CURED
Free Proof To You
i. c Muti.il, it. p.
MuoeisT
All I want is yonr name and address so I ran srnd Ton a trcr trial treat
ment. I want you just to try tuu treutmeut that's all Just try lu
i Hal my oui jr argument.
I've been in the drur biioinean in Fort Wayne for SO years, nearly everyone knows me and
knows atXfUl my succemlul treatment. Orcr six thousand five hundred popl outride of Fort
Wayne have, according to tlieir own stntenieiits, ueeu cured by tins treatment since I first
made this offer public
If yon have Eczama, Itch, Salt Rhonm, Tettar never mind how had my treatment has
cured tiie worst cases 1 ever saw gtva ma a chanca to preva my claim.
Send me your name and address on the ronpon below and ret the trial treatment I want to
send you KRh. Tbe wonders accomplished in your own case will be proof.
I. C. HUTZELL, Druggist, 2724 West Main St, Fort Wayne, Ind.
: Please send without cost or obligation to me your Free Proof Treatment.
Iame
-Aee
Post oftVe
.State.
Stret aud No.
Atjthe annual meeting of the War
ren TJistrict Relief association, held
' on October 8, the financial statement
and a report of the work for the year
ending September 1 were given by
the general secretary, Miss Ksthcr
Cummings.
The financial statement disclosed
an expenditure of $2111.40 In connec-
tion with tbe regular relief work dur
i ing the year and an expenditure cf
11279.05 for special relief work from
July 12 to September 1, on account of
the labor troubles in the district from
that time, this latter amount having
since been refunded to the association
by the Citizens Protective league.
Under the regular work of the as
sociation 59 families were given nec
essary aid, 28 of which were Mexican,
employment having been secured for
both men and women on more than
79 occasions. Out of the 59 families
mentioned, upwards of 40 had been
left with children to support, either
on account of the husband's illness,
death, or desertion of the family, there
having been 14 cases of desertion. Ap
proximately 900 articles of clothing,
mostly donated clothing, were supplied
to various families and - individuals.
Fifty-five cases of illness were given
more or less aid, there having been 1C
tubercular cases among this number.
', Transportation was supplied in 22
case3, chiefly on -ccount of illness
, when such people were sent back to
their friends or to a more suitable cli
1 mate for them.
About fifty families were given sup
plies at the Christmas season, the
1 Elks' lodge providing for 13 families
. out side of the Mexicans. The Ladies
of Elkdom and Woman's club, as well
as a number of individuals, gave the
'association financial aid for its Christ-
, mas work.
I After July 12 the names of 301 fami
lies were recorded as having received
' special aid through the Warren Dis-
trict Relief association up to and in
1 eluding the month of September on
account of the existing labor troubles
j leaving such families detsitute.
! It was found that these labt.r trou
j bles Increased the expenses of the
' association very ccnsiderably. even
; though a special fund was provided by
the Citizens Protective league to help
ali families who were left wi'hout sup
r.ort. as a number of women who had
formerly been supporting their fami
lies by doing work for .individuals
were tbrown out of employment for
the time being. But such, o.ses were
also given whatever aid- w-as consid
ered necessary. '
Tbe association thanks all who have
helped in the work of relief in any
way during the year. A detailed state
ment and report is being :ent to each
member of the association by the sec
' retary.
7iam1iis ar" -i-"s rsis-( "-r 1 , :- i-'Jjr
You
IS- '
a Farmer
Have been selected by Uncle Sam as one called
upon to take a large share cf the Liberty
Loan.
Where crops and prices are good we cannot let
cur Country call in vain.
Let us send back word from Bisbee to Uncle Sam
that we have "done our bit," by buying our
LIBERTY BOND
Call in and let us have a chat about it
BANK OF BISBEE
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST CO.
MINERS & MERCHANTS BANK
"I had dropped down In weight
from 170 pounds to 127 and had little
hope of ever getting well, but I hav9
gained at least 20 pounds in the past
60 days and my wonderful recovery ,
makes me want to tell everybody what
Tanlac has done for me." This re-j
markahle statement was made by A. J
W. Bruce, 825 Avenue G, Galveston,1
Texas, a few days ago. i
"On the 17th day of last June," h" I
continued. "I was stricken with rhru-j
mat ism is my left foot, I distinctly
remember It was the 17th because
I was fixing to go to a double header
baseball game at Houston the next
day. Well, I was taken down and the
trouble was pronounced a very stub
born case of inflammatory rheuma
tism. "I can't tell you in words how much
I suffered, but my wife can tell you
what I went through and what she
went through nursing me. I tried elec
trical treatment, but it did no good.
I took the antitoxin treatment for
rheumatism and did everything else,
but nothing helped me and finally I
was told there was nothing more that
could be done for me.
"I suffered so day and night that
I couldn't sleep or move myself and
my wife got so worn-out she had to
get her sister and her sister's husband
to come and sit up with me at night.
Then I went to Marlin, Texas, and
had to be carried down and put in an
automobile and on the train, and when
they started with me I never expect
ed to come back alive. I stayed there
three weeks and took the full course
of treatment and baths. I believe I
did get a little relief from this, but
(t was hardly noticeable.
"When I came home I just could
manage to hobble around a little on
crutches. On nice days, with the help
of my wife and the crutches, I could
get from my room to the porch. I had
no appetite at all. what I forced myself
to eat did me harm in place of good
and it was alarming the Ray I was
losing weight.
"Just about this time a friend told
my wife about Tanlac and I had taken
so many different vmds of medicines
that I had no faith in anything and
it Irritated me for anybody to suggest
another. But my wife insisted on me
trying Tanlac, so we telephoned the
drug store and had them send out a
bottle. I took this bottle and another
without feeling any benefit and I tell
you I was absolutely discouraged and
wanted to give it up. But we got a
third bottle and on this one I began
to get better and when I finished it
I was so much better I was able to
walk to the drug store myself and
get the fourth. I have now taken six
bottles and I am a happy man. All
my rheumatic pain is gone, my appe
tite is splendid and I am resting fine
every night. I have already gained
at least 20 pounds and I am building
up in weight and strength right along.
My recovery from my awful suffering
is enough to make me praise Tanlac
and I am glad to tell everybody what
it has done for me."
Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug Co.,
in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in E'owie
by Bowie Drug Store, in San Simon by
J. B. Cooke, and in Wilcox by A. A.
Nicholson, and in Lowell by Lowell
Drug Co. Ad.v
ib
Bonds
KUL1N6 RESORT IS
WINTER PLAGE FOR
GERMAN RESIDENTS
Chinese Government Sends
Germans and Austrians to
Favorite Resort and Refuses
to Let Them Leave.
1
L
What the Banks in Bisbee
Will Do Regarding
ertv
We will purchase a Liberty Bond for you on the following terms:
SAY A $50.00 BOND
$5.00 upon signing application.
$5.00 monthly thereafter.
We will allow you interest on your Savings account up to time
of withdrawal.
Your interest starts upon final payment of the Bond.
Should you desire to sell your bond even before final payment
we agree to dispose of same and pay you your equity in the bond.
Bonds to be dated November 15, 1917, 4 per cent interest payable
semi-annually, due 1942. Government reserves right to pay same
after November 15, 1927.
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST CO.
MINERS & MERCHANTS BANK
BANK OF BISBEE
Coast Results j
At Sali Lake: R H E j
San Francisco 10 13 lj
Salt Lake 7 12 2 1
Johnson and Kaker; Dubuc and By-j
ler. !
At San Francisco: R H E
Portland 5 9 0
Oakland 6 9 2
James and Baldwin; Krause and
Mitze.
BAKING COMPANIES FINED
tBy Review Leased Wire.)
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 19 Nine bak
ing companies and 13 officials of the
corporations were fined today an ag
gregate of $11, "000 upon their convic
tion last Thursday under a state law
for conspiring to fix the price on
bread. The defendants said they
would appeal.
j ZEPPELINS NEAR RIGA
I (By Review Leased Wire)
I PETROGRAD. Oct 19. Zeppelin
; airships appeared in the Gulf of Riea
j an d'-he Gulf Of Finland Thursday
night, according to an official cummu
i nlcation issued today. Twenty bombs
j were dropped on Pernau on the west
i ern shore of the Gulf of Riga, Ten
! persons were killed.
At Los Angeles: R H E
Los Angeles 2 7 0
Vernon ' 0 4 1
i Crandall and Boles; Marion, Slagle,
and Moore.
the
Chamberlain' Cough Remedy
Most Reliable.
; After many years' experience in the
hse of it and other cough medicines,
ihere are many who prefer Chamber
lain's to any other. Mrs. A. C. Kir
tein, Greenville, Ills., writes. "Cham
berlain's Cough Remedy has been used
Jn my mother's home and mine for
I'ears, and we always l'Jund it a quick
Sure for colds and bronchial troubles,
'e find it to be the most reliable
dough medicine we have used." Adv. i
1.
T
W!
oney
to
Loan
ON
WATCHES, DIAMONDS, JEWELRY
OR WHAT HAVE YOUT
United Loan and Jewelry Co,
(BRANCH OF 16 CALIFORNIA STORES)
The New Store In Brewery Gulch
RULING, China, Oct. 20. Foreign
residents of this mountain resort are
indignant over the action of the
Chinf-se government, which has con
verted the resort into a refuge for
Germans and Austrians. The govern
ment issued an order permitting Ger
mans and Austrians to enter here, but
forbidding them to leave. As the liv
iog expenses are low and many cot
tages are available, Germans have
rented these and are converting them
Into winter homes.
In consequence Kuling will be
strictly a German colony at the con
clusion of the summer tourists' sea
son. This Is especially displeasing to
enemies of Germany who live here tbe
year round, and may result in aban
donment of the foreign school, hospi-1
tal and sanitorium maintained here
for missionaries and other foreigners
in the Yangtze valley.
China failed to interne enemy sub
jects at the time of her declaration
of wir upon Germany and Austria be
cause she did not desire to assume
the expense which would have been
Involved in preparing camps for ene-
rf !
Ilil II jO
I
1H
EA TING
1
The process of heating water for domestic purposes has been rev
olutionized in the past few years through the introduction and
perfection of gas fired water heaters, until today it is no longer a
a problem to secure an abundance of hot water quickly and econo
mically, in any dwelling, large or smalL
Today, in the countless thousands of homes where gas fired water healers are in
stalled, an abundance of hot water is available for any purpose. By some types of heat
ers the water is heated instantly at the turn of a faucet, by others, within a few min
utes after lighting the heaters, and all without labor, inconvenience or discomfort, ind
at a reasonable cost for gas.
LET US SHOW YOU
Bisbee Improvement Co.
f
J
my subjects. FOUR
iHE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 21, 1917.
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Member of th Associated Press The Associated
Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication
of all news credited to it or not otherwise credited in
UUs paper and also the local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserred.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Catered as 8sond Class Mall Matter at Blsbee, Arizona
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH .W
THREE MONTHS 2.26
4EC MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7-60
SCNDAV (Our Weekly) per year 150
bTNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter.... 76
Mo Subscription Taken For Leas Than 75 Cent.
PHONE NO. 39.
fleview aubscrlners not receiving a copy of The Bisbre
Dally Review before 8 a. m. will C promptly by
pedal Western Union Messenger by telephoning Hie
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will eon
elder It a favor If the Irregularity of delivery le reported
to the Circulation Department. .The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Sunday Morning, October 21, 1917.
AMONG OTHER OBLIGATIONS.
Nature has made the human being a gregarious ani
mal, loving company and general intercourse with his
fellows. Instincts, evolved through millions of years,
cannot be submerged in a few days or months, and In
the case of the American soldier the desire for company
and for "word" from home is accentuated. Hence the
entire people of America, not participating actively in
the great fight for humanity, must shoulder a small part
of the duty of the nation and "write to a soldier."
Were you ever away from home, longing for some
word from that hallowed of spots? Were you ever in a
strange city with thousands about you and no one who
cared or asked about your welfare? Were you ever In
a foreign country, with mile upon mile ot ocean dividing
your temporary abode from your home? And did you
not wish for companionship? And on the occasion when
you picked up an evelope addressed to you from the good
old U. S. A., Kankakee, Illinois, did not your fingers falter
when you tore it open?
. . The feelings of a soldier in France, or at the canton
ments in the United States, are equal to those of the
stranger and he has several in addition because he may
NEVER COME BACK. A word from home (it is not
necessary that Jt De irom his father or mother) is like
bread on the waters. But a letter!
There are thousands of embryo Majorie Daw's in the
United States. To the man who is near the fighting front
and who may never see the prow of a returning trans
port a letter, or a series of them, will make his day a
full and complete occasion. Acquaintance can be arous
ed between men and men and between women and men
through the medium of a letter. Though the American
prides himself upon his material viewpoint, yet he, covert
ly, enjoys a bit of romance. There is ample opportunity
for the stage setting is perfect.
Do not confine your letters to a gremial friend. There
are many ways of finding out from the American ex
peditionary forces who is in need of a correspondent.
Write to him. Write to him regularly. Make It a weekly
duty and you may be the cause of making a better fight
ing man, a better soldier and a better citizen.
ANOTHER PHASE.
Like a cat with nine, or even more, lives, the guber
natorial contest bobs its head above the skyline of Arizo
na politics once. more. This time the stage is in the
supreme court of the state and the audience consists
of three jurists the final appeal within the common
wealth. With the decision in Judge Standford's court the state
of Arizona settled down to its regular business. That
Thomas E. Campbell was declared the enter executive
of the state meant much to a great many people and
"business as usual" waj the slogan. It was a distinct
pleasure to be able to sit down to a meal without having
your neighbor ask regarding the status quo of Hunt and
Campbell. It has been more than a pleasure, during the
summer months, to be able to forget that partisanship
ran rile and that politics was supreme.
Here again, however, the contest conies to the front.
The court declares that it will be governed by the equity
in the case and not upon technical dibsect;on of the evi
dence. The final decision may rest upon the actual con
ditions In Douglas number one, between the time the bal
lots were cast and when they were finally counted.
It is not the province of The Review to cavil at thti
supreme court or the lower court, whirh rendered the
original decision. That there was fraud practiced in
Douglas is believed by all who investigated the case at
the time. That Hart and Pearson now in other parts
of the country participated in the rape of the ballot box,
there can be little doubt.
The hopeful prayer, however, which is uttered by all
people In Arizona, is that the contest may be terminated.
If t.'iere were no war, where the undivided energies ol'
the state should be applied, the contest might be an In
teresting sideshow; it might serve to entertain the peo
ple of the commonwealth. There are so many other.
more important things to be done; so many other sub
jects which demand the attention of the people, that it
seems a waste of time to thresh through the merits of
and old cause. It is to be hoped that the court will soon
get its full bearings on the case and make a decision and
end for all time a contest which has proved one thing
political crookedness in the most progressive of circles
THE LION AND THE MOUSE.
With Emperor William, the black prince of the twent
ieth Century, and King Ferdinand, one of the greatest op
portunists of the age, bowing and scraping to each other,
felicitating upon the greatest of the great Wilhelm and
Ferdinand the people and leaders of Bulgaria are seek
ing for a road out of the wilderness. The Balkan nation
is beginning to realize that It is in the position of the
mouse with the Hon. If it wins the nation loses.
Bulgaria's object in entering the war on the side of
the Central Powers is very obscure to the world at large.
It may have been force which prompted the little king
dom to throw in its lot with the Huns. It may have been
a desire to "get even" with Serbia. It may have been
a desire to participate in the spoils. In any event the
reason has fallen flat and Bulgaria would like to return
to the international fold of nations a Prodigal Son.
Is the fattened calf to be its portion? Is the Entente
to unbend and grant to Bulgaria the boon of the century?
Will the Balkan question be held in abeyance for another
decade or generation by the Allies?
It is hard to conceive.
But for Bulgaria the great European war would now be
terminated. That seems a strange statemen.t Close
study, however, will be convincing. Bulgaria was the
key to the Balkan situation. Turkey was isolated and
unable to move, effectively. The Dardanelles would have
fallen to the Allies and the terrible Turk would have been
thrown into the Black Sea. Serbia would not have been
over run and Rumania would have been intact. Bul
garia's entry- did provide the military machine of the
German empire a roadway to Greece, to Serbia, to Ru
mania and to Turkey. Bulgaria saved the cause of the
Central empires.
Bulgaria now asked for mercy. It is Christlike to for
give the German emperor poses as hs likeness and it
might end the war a few months sooner than otherwise.
But Bulgaria must pay ior its selfishness; Bulgaria must
be taught that opportunism is a lost art, internationally
speaking, that the lion, in whose shadow :t promised
to ride to victory and peace, has turned out to be a white
elephant wliion has toppled backward and caught every
thing nnder its falling bulk.
A FAMILY AFFAIR.
If your father and your son were in trouble, struggling
fcr their lives, and doing it in defense of your home and
your business, would you supply them with . food and
clothing, or would your refuse them? '"
This is a straight question. Yet it is the one facing
you today. The country which has protected you and
your family, may well claim to be considered as your
father, and as for the boys who are giving their live
for you, surely they have a right to be considered a?
your sons.
This nation is one big family today. This war is a
family affair.'
Be a good father and a good son.
Tour sense of justice and fairness, your patriotism,
is on trial.
When you remember that you are asked to give noth
ing, but only to lend money by Investing' in LIBERTY
BONDS, you have no choice in the matter. Your heart
tells you that you MUST do it.
If you have to go short of some luxury do it.
Save and invest in Liberty Bonds until it pinches you,
and the sacrifice hurts. It is the duty of every real
American.
You will lose nothing.. The bond is always worth
just about what you gave for it. Probably it will be worth
more later. You will have saved just that amount of
money you invest in Liberty Bonds, and be just so much
better off.
A man who will not sacrifice anything for his country,
is not a real man. The man who does Biase a sacrifice,
is a real man, and a true American.
You the man who is reading this, know these state
ments are fair and true ones. This appeal is not written
in vain, because ft is going to influence you. You are go
ing to buy a Liberty Bond.
VOTERS' INTENTIONS
RECEIVES ATTENTION
IN THE ARGUMENT
A discussion of the adinissability of
evidence attempting to determine the
intention of a vot?r who had imper
fectly or incorrectly marked his bal
lot, occupied the greater part of this
morning's session of the supreme
court bearing the appeal of the Hunt
Campbell governorship contest trial.
Both sides of the case have been
anxious to have an intimation from
the court as to its attitude on this
point, inasmuch as it played an impor
tant part in the proceedings in the
lower court. With only 67 votes plu
rality for the winner in the election,
;he disposition of every disputed bal
lot is of vital importance. Not count
ing the votes of Douglas No. 1 pre
cinct, upon which the odium of fraud
has been placed, there are a large
number o" votes that are disputed by
both sides because each side is claim
ing numbers from among this class
of imperfect marking.
It is admitted by both the appellant
and the appellee that the lower court
n rendering its opinion on this class
of ballots was not consistent. What
the final outcome of the decisions by
the lower court has meant to the indi
viduals concerned Is not certain, but
attorneys for Governor Campbell ap
pear to be anxious that the supreme
court admit evidence to determine the
Intention of the voter.
-In argnin? this point. Judge Sloan
for Governor Campbell declared that
the statutes of Arizona covering the
nroper making o fthe ballot by the
voter are not only very general, but
?lso very loose. "Are we. then." he
argued; "to conclude that the statute
State and County News Briefs
County Briefs
I and returned home with lumber for
his new house. Mr. Fink planted 45
! acres in beans, from tvhich be thresh-
Brief State Notes
The boys of the high school at ed 21,000 pounds. With beans at 10'4 A customs smelter may be built at
Douglas who are taking military drill cents a pound his 40-acre crop was
have decided to wear the regulation worth over $2000, which was more
army service uniform of olive drab. j than enough to buy the land.
Patagonia.
J. P. Oilell arrived in Benson Thurs
day with a carload of throughbred
Hereford bulls, mostly yearlings,
which he expects to dispose of In
that section.
The cooks' and waiters'
Tucson is still on.
strike in
Deputy Sheriff Jess W. Moore of
i Willcox captured two veteran boot-! Business conditions in Miami are
; leggers about five miles from town, daily improving.
i near the O. T. ranch a few days ago. j
They gave their names as William Arizona's quota of Liberty bonds
.. . ,, , ' Allen Hill and J. P. Stack and had, will be $S,000,000.
Mr. and Mrs. Sam B. Moad, 737 F .. . . .. . ... .. . .
in
avenue, Douglas, became the parents
of a baby boy a few days ago and Mr.
Moad at once went to the bank and
liquor ever capiurea ai one lime in; Assessment work nn ,;;. iai-
the state, which they were moving In ; has been 8U8pended for two '
. , . ,, . mi Kti auiu ii ULit. iict nuu t u
,7 " " " V u w j i iu ! automobile loads of the liquor have!
his son, who has been named Liberty'
Loan Moad.
Gilbert Love, from Los Angeles,
who bought a small farm near St.
David two or three months ago, was
been taken to Tombstone. The re
niaimfer will be moved later. I
John Schlulo of Glendale received
110,700 for his potato crop from 22
acres.
i
McXeal basin is very fortunate in
getting a splendid set of teachers for
in Renson Thursday ard renort that i the prions schools through Uie val-
he is getting his place in good shape. I1 for tni winter- A tne ooU
H u well nteSen with th farmln ' growing and gradually better
outlook in this part of the country. ! schools are needed. F. Williams, who
Mauser rifles have been ordered for
the arming of the Flagstaff home
guards.
Plans and specifications are twin?
! itrttwii fn. 111. Cnnvflnl. t . : l : i.
tanfrht of MxVo.l lout - Into, t..,h ' It ilglil
T. D. Fulghum and J. P. Cunnings!111 the Webb 8ch001 this winter- with,"- pawr p,an
of Willcox have purchased 1001 ewes! Miss J. E. Rogers. H M. Farr.Il from
sania Ana, uai., is leacning at tnei u . ,,.,, Uw
MeeXal school, with Miss Amy Hansen ! ,ars 01 8tate money has been loaned
of the Salt River valley as assistant. I t0 tenners in Arizona.
Miss Laura Chesney, also from the "
Phoenix country, is teaching at the'' A fall of 110 feet down an ore chuta
I X Bar. Miss Dorothy Bailey is prin-'ln the Miami mine resulted in the in-
from the Pittman Cattle company of
EI Paso. The shipment arrived in
Willcox a few days ago and the sheep
driven out to their range. It Is a fine
bunch and arrived in excellent condition.
Na-.-o has had to add an extra teach
er to its public schools on account of
the crowded condition. Naco, Sonora,
maintains a public school on the other
sideof the line and with the five
teachers on the American 'side, every
cipal of the Whitewater school, ' with stant death of a Mexican miner.
Mrs. T. J. Corbin assistant. Missi
Grumble is teaching in Leslie Canyon.! Work of rebuilding the mills of the
Union Basin Binlng company at Gol-
The Cntral Bank of Willcox has in-iconda' which were destroyed by fire
corporated and is now a local institu-! wlu be6in Immediately,
tlon. The stock has been subscribed
child of school age will be given ex by local parties and it is now essen-j J- - Baskett, organizer of the In-
i. ..-H.tr.' .. .... KoJcellent school advantages. tially a home bank. The career or:0"81" women or tne world for n-
Major Ian Hay Beith, who has arrived at an Atlantic
pert for lecture tour, says there are 110,000 German pris
oners In England now, many of whom are very young;
during September British destroyed more submarines
than In any c'her month of the war.
Commercial cable communication with Holland has
been stopped by British government until The Nether
lands government places an absolute restriction on tran
sit of sand, gravel and scrap metal through Holland from
Germany to Belgium.
not a right to attempt to determine
the intention of the voter?"
Here Justice Cunningham Interpos
ed the comment that usually a man
is supposed to know the law regard
ing the proper marking of the ballot !
and that if the law says so and so, the
court is not granted the liberty to In
'erpolate the intentions of the voter
who through ignorance does not fol
'ow the law.
Another Viewpoint
"That Is another view of the case.
;f your honor pleases.'' returned the
attorney. "But while I am not quar
reling with the court on this point, I
nust say that such Is the extreme
view of the case."
Judge Sloan then citsd casss in
other states where the supreme court
decided that the courts had a risht
to determine the intentions of the
voter.
To illustrate his point, -the attornej
introduced a ballot cast 'in the elec-j
tion with which the contest is con
cerned. The voter had placed a cross!
at the hesd of the democratic col-
"mn, casting a vote, apparently for
what is known as a "straight ticket."
But he had also gone over into the
republican column and placed a cross
rfter the name of Thomas E. Camp
bell for governor.
"Now, then," argued Judge Sloan
can any reasonable man doubt but
that this voter intended to cast a vote
for Campbell?"
So expression of the opinion of the
hish court on its attitude toward such
a baliot was given directly at that
time. Bu' Chief Justice Franklin in
ferred that the intention ,of the voter
would receive consideration from him
at least whfn anc'her type of imper
fectly marked ballot was Introduced.
This ballot under consideration had
the word "es" written after the name
of George W. P. Hunt.
Intent; On Rules
"Now, then," said Judse Sloan, "al
though the statute distinctly pre
scribes that a cross and a cross
alone shall be the method that the
voter use to indicate his choice of
candidates, is the court, then, accept
this bank since its beEinninz has been 1 vaPal county, is held in jail at Jerome
Thursday the employes of the Cop- j unusually successful. That it has beenjfor federal authorities,
per Queen smelter undertook to raise' changed into a home institution Is con-
some money for army and navy field : elusive evidence of the faith that local1 ne Mohe county chapter of the
comfort committee, with headquarters ! people have in its management, its 'Red Cros8 has reived 16u0 as it
in New York. The office force of the ' conservative business methods and Its' 8hare of tho fund of ,620 r!el last
smelter contributed $57. which has future success. It forms a valuable as- 'or me nauonai society.
been forwarded. It will go to provide
tobacco and other articles for the sol
diers at the front in France.
J. W. Dolen, who has been in Naco-
zari for six months assisting in the
installation of the new machinery In
the Nacozarl Consolidated Copper
company's remodeled concentrator, re
turned to Douglas, Thursday. He says
It is the intention to install two more
flotations, a ball mill, one or two
tables and a crude oil engine withii
the next month or two.
Fong Hong Bing. a Chinaman who
set to the home institutions of Will-,
cox and the valley. I Seventeen carloads of machinery ara
j expected in Kingman to be hauled out
. , , . . ; and installed on the property of the
Among the visitors in Tombstone -s.,., , . , f f j
. . T r, , Frisco Gold Mines company.
Friday from Pearce were Charles M. j
Renaud, well known merchant of that! . . , . .
, - . . ,j , Aurelia Morales, consort of Carlos
place, and James Harper, old pioneer .... vm. . . . ... ...
, . , . Z.. r . . GuirribeL killed by Deputy Sheriff Sid
of Cochise county. They spent the c. , . ' ...
. . . ,, , i Simpson, was found guilty of bootleg-
day there on business, Mr. Renaud , v . , .J ,
. . . , . T. , ... , 1 ging by a jury in the superior court
reported that considerable activity Is' ... ' .
. , , . at Tucson,
beginning to take place around Pearte
and that the Commonwealth has a .,. , ... , ,
. , . . . Grandpa" Albert Minnerly. one ol
force of men at work cross-cutting' ,. , .,. . , '
.v u. . . , i . . .1. 'he first white settlers of the Snow
on the 300-foot level to run into the . . , ... ... . ,
. , . i flake secton, died at hi shorn e in Tav
body of ore recently opened up on the. , T, , . . . . '
. t. . u u . i Ior ot c,a 8e- He was In his eighty
surface. If it proves to be what is .
is a native of Sacramento, Cal.. and i expected, work on a laree scale will!
at present proprietor and manager ol . be resumed and the mill will be again
tue Koyai cafe at Willcox, has been placed in operation. At present tail
eanea to military service. He was
granted sixty days in which to dispdse
of his property here and in Sacramen
to, and then respond to his country's
call and will report for duty with the
consignment leaving about Nov. 1.
Globe and Miami mines have added
stAnriilv tn thaiv tnn.a sin.. vAwums-
lng3 IT eldi iamV, bel"K tion of operations and during the prev
worked by A. 1 . Smith and associates. nt monUl wm &u maVe m3iterhjil
gains in output.
S. F. Meguire, member of the state,
fair commission, left Douglas Thurs-j Mrs. Frank Lyman, wife of the judsri
day night for Phoenix, via Tucson, ' of the superior court of Phoenix, tea-
anH hia no ttlo rarifh In tho Hronia iIabiI v. Mh.ia tK a ...
The 24th infantry now occupies the, country 35 mileB west of tne old ment ag n ,mbulalu.e driTr for ;
camp lately vacated by the First Ari- pueD,0 He ha, transacting bust- live ervice in France
zona infantry. Captain Andrews Is in j ne8g on the,way and wiU reach th(,
tm..m..a mu ,s me ranKing omcer '.,, foP ft mpptln of ,h ,.. rnm.
In the progress of routine business
mission next week when the finishing" transacted by the Gila county super-
and by virtue of his rank 'has charge!
r 1, ; ' , i , ,
',"aIZ i, , ,J ,1 ,0-! touches will be put on the program visors, in session at Globe, the money
,rr .V k 7 , """I other arrangements for the an- tn the treasury was counted and it
Ifjl t g , .t31 fair tnis year' Mr' Meulre , toMnd that J918.735.S2 is on lunl.
customs house and the cavalry, will , entnusiatsic over the coming fair and! '.
do patrol duty east and west of Naco.j feelg confident that it w, be the Tapping tne setond ,arpest coa, pro
, . , . ,. ... I exhibition of the state resources andiducing district in Arizona and oDening
The rural telephone line out of opportunities ever seen. This, he J what will be the first producing coal
.-seat now has 10 patrons. These say3 to some extent la attribuUble mines in the state, a railroad is now
Leeson. F. L. Holt, James Brogan. rapid growtn and the produ,.ts are
Bud Kelley. Tom Patterson. Wm. j con8tantiT growing and from the stock
Schultz. R. L. Burton. Ed Martin. Four! .--. ,iTi " ., m ,
Bar ranch and the McNeil Mercantile
store, from where they can be con
nected with the long distance to Bis
bee, Douglas or any part of the county.
grade of cattle, sheep and hogs than
in the past. Also the mineral exhibit
under construction from Holbrook to
Cluffs Cienega in the White mountains.
Notable among recently announced
steps taken toward increased output is
The Trinity Copper company is the
new company of Tennessee people
ing the statute as mandatory to throw w'ho are developing the property for
Washington expects that President Wilson will within
the next few days issue an executive order commandeei
Ing the 80 or more Dutch ships now detained in Ameri
can ports, which would add about 2o0,000 tons to Ameri
can merchant fleet.
The state department Saturday explained that taking
over of Dutch and other neutral vessels would not be
an act of war, for it has been customary for belligerents
to requisition neutral vessels found within their port.s
wheu tmnage was scarce.
out this ballot?'
"Well," replied Justice Franklin, "1
certainly would count this ballot as a
vole for Hunt.
"On what theory?" eaeeily asked
the attorney for Campbell.
"On the grounds of the vo'er's evi
den intention." replied the court.
"Exactly," exclaimed Judge Sloan.
"Then you do rule that a voter's in
tentions arc possible and allowable ol
interpretation by the coiirt?"
"Yes, in this instance."
Various types of Imperfectly marked
ballots were then introduced by at
torneys for Campbell. The court ap
peared to be interested in this phase
of the hearing.
Following the discussion of these
ballots, the fraud in the counting of
the ballots of Douglas precinct No. 1
again came up for a scathing by Judge
Jr'loan. Much will depend upon the
supreme court's disposition of the bal
lots in this precinct, and the attorney
awaited eagerly an intimation from
the bench as to what would be It
probable action on this matter. They
were rewarded with a remark from
Chief Justice Franklin, when he said:
"It Is apparent that the lower court
at first determined that, in view of
evident fraud in this pierinrt. the en
tire vote of the precinct should De
thrown out. Hut later he reversed
l.is derision, and look 12 votes of this
precinct from Hunt and gave them to
Campbell. Now, then, there liiu.st be
di finite proof in so f;i as thee imli
rjlual ballots are concerned, that the
Bierly owned by Mr. Peysert, located
in the Swisshelm mountains, 10 miles
northeast from McNeal. Sixteen men
are at work at the mines and some
good work of development is being
done A new road is being built from
the mines to McNeal, where the com
pany do their trading.
A. L. Fink, who recently came from
California and bought a bean farm in
the Llrht settlement. 211 miU-s north
of McNeal. brought part of his first
crop ot beans to McNeal last week
this year will be the most extensive work begun by United Verde at it
one provided. The .new mineral bullci- Clarkdale smelter which will increase
ing provided by an appropriation of! its capacity from 6,000,000 pounds of
the last legislature will not be com-(copper the month to 12.000.0v0.
plete, but it will be far enough along!
to accommodate the minerals. The! From 41.000 dairy cows In Arizona
state will have a permanent exhibit j at the end of 1913, the number in
of her mineral resources constantly' creased to 81.M00 at the end of 19t.
available for strangers coming to the! and It Is estimated that the number
state who may desire to see It. will be increased to 90,000 by the end
j of 1917, an increase of more than
Tbmbstone has several traitors and : per cent in four years.
it Is the duty of every true American
to turn these hellions in to the proper! Cotton growers of Maricopa county
officials. Men are working here who' dill, during the next few months, re
are cursing tho government by their! ceive about five million dollars for
acts and words yet who have no scru-jtheir long staple Egyptian cotton. The
pies against draw ing money from acreage Is 34,000 acres and it is
leases and work without contributing thcusht this will produce about 17.00
to tho Red Cross or purchasing a Lib-1 bales of cotton, 500 pounds to the
ertv bond: vet able to do both. The bale.
election officials of this precinct Ln..iu r .,.im rnur here h.--i
- , . .... , v. . j r '
(Hanged the mark made by (he voter, ing pro-German, lying to get out of j Mohave county stood sixth among
niving the avor to a candidate other' the draft and marrying also, in the the counties of Arizona in the produc
tion the one intended by the voter." hope that would help to tnat end is tion of base and precious metals la.--t
Will Prove Fraud 'another of the disgusting examples in 'year, according to a report by the I".
"Gladly will we furnish you with this camp. Every German employed C. geological survey. The total value
such proof that desperate fraud ex- j the mines or In the stores or any i of bold, silver, copper, lead and ziuc
isted in this precinct." said Judge place In Tombstone should be fired 'ores mined in Uiat county last year
Sloan. forthwith. We have nothing to gain! was J4.216.9S7. Gila county toppeu
The attorneys then went into a re- ' j,y helping these traitors and if thejthe list, with a total production ot
view of the incidents connected with men and women who have sons and , $55,4S9.5S1.
the voting and the ballot counting at relatives in the army get behind this
the precinct under question, the argu- movement they, with other true pa-' The state loan board met on October
ment being interrupted by the noon triots of the ramp, will run this set of 1 15 and approved a number of loans,
recess. scum out. You cannot afford to send j These include one in Apache county
The attorneys for the appellee will your son to be shot at by the kaiser's' three in Cochise, 10 in Graham and one
undoubtedly close their arguments cohorts and yet have men In the ramp j in Pima count. One these 13 loans a
his afternoon. Tomorrow will be, drawing down good money and giving total of $2Mo0 was advanced. The
taken up by a general review of the aid and comfort to the men who will board met again on October IS and
rase by both sides, each giving its kill your son as soon as they cross ' approved limns, one each in Navajo,
rebuttal. A large number of Inter-! the ocean if they ran shoot tlfeni Apache anil Graham counties to t.'io
s:ed listeners crowded the court and you may depend upon it they will extent of $10,000. Three application-!
roi in again this morning, the case at- try. The enemy is still within our for loans were discovered on the
trai ling stati-wide attention. Ga- gates. The pro-Germiiu Is still here. I grounds of insufficient security, and
ette, October lb. Toiubatouu Projector. fot!.er rea-ioui. FTVT
V
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 21, 1917.
IF GOOD ENOUGH
WOODY, ITS GOOD
ENOUGH FOR YOU!
CONTESTANTS FOR
CIRCULATION PRIZE
ARE WORKING HARD
The President Bangs Out His . Review Circulation Contest
Own Pleasant Little
Thoughts In "Elite Type"
Try It Yourself!
Shorthand and typewriting as a val
uable labor saving medium for the
business and professional man is well
exemplified by an article in one of the
current magazines. 'The President" is
the title of a very interesting and well
written article in this past week's Sat
urday Evening Post by that versatile
and much traveled writer, Samuel G.
Blythe. The manysidedness and mat-
ter-of-factness of ihe "occupant of the
White House are revealed; and withal
a homely pen picture is presented, giv
ing a glimpse of the president at work
and an interesting sidelight on his
methods. Witness the president in
action:
"There is an old and battered type
writer in a corner of the room on the
second floor of the residential part of
tie White House which the president
uses for a study. On many mornings
of each week, from eleven o'clock un
til one o'clock following, che president
sits at that typewriter, and types his
thoughts, instructions, plans, and out
lines his letters and messages. Of
course he uses thfc'jrdinary epistolary
machinery, also, dicta' ing at-length to
his stenographer; but, whenever he
has anything personal to do, or any
real thought to express, he' goes to his
typewriter and hammers our. the words
which give that thought form. It has
a peculiar type, this machine smaller
than the usual typewriter face; and
when any person acquainted with che
president's meth'jds gets a communica
tion which is typed in that small tjpe,
that person knows he has direct word
from the head of the narion, unhlter
ed through any stenographer or other
labor saving medium.
"He writes his speeches there. He
wrote his reply to the pope's peace
proposal there. And if the instruc
tions, orders, suggestions and plans
for the successful and vigorous prose
cution of this war his -subordinates
have received could be printed, it
would be apparent to the world that
Wopdrow Wilson, though he may be
eager for peace, is ever a fighting man
first. He is an idealist, they say; a
rhetorician; a man of theory and an al
truistic liberal. Granting all that for
the purpose of comparison, albeit it is I
well enough known that Mr. Wilson Is
Awakens Much Interest In
the Warren District Added
Figures Show Interest
On Wednesday morning the Review
will publish another tabulation of con
testants in its Carriers' Circulation
Contest, as the one below is incom
plete, so to speak, as there are a con
siderabie number of points which
should have been credited to boys
who have gotten subscribers, but have
delayed handing in the names until
after payday which gives them an
opportunity to collect. ..
Standing of Contestants ' ,
Maurice Rugraff 13,000
Hubert Detloff .. 11.000
TJehard Sharpe 11,000
Frank Lindsey 9,000
Walter Sieele 7,000
Bud Hascal . 7,000
Hubert Terry 7,000
Gordon Wallace 5,750
6,500
4.G0O
2.000
2.000
2.000
2,000
Richard Ojeda
Eugene Gallagher
Abe Milburn
Kenneth Mort
Sergus Ellinoff
Earl Hicks
William Prookings 2.000
William Riley 2,000 .
It will be seen that Maurice Rugrafi
has jumped from fifth place to first,
outstripping his nearest competitor
2000 points. However. Hubert Detloff
is close behind, and says that his
showing next count will be a big in
crease. In fact, all the contestants
are going strong, and inone of them
have withdrawn their eyes from first
money, by any means. The surprise
of the week has been Richard Sharpe,
and we confidently predict that not
only will he get the Review into prac
tically every house in South Bisbee.
but will also do valuable work outside.
BISBEE HIGH RUNS
y FROM
TEAM. KING 33-0
a severely practical politician when he
must be, the point to be made is that j Local Aggregation Swamps
he is no idealist; no Utopian when it .
i conies to fighting this war. He is as
--coid as a wedge about that. Win it!
that is his constan: instruction. Win
it, and speed up in the winning."
The president has been a shorthand
writer also for over forty years. In
fact he is quite expert in the art. Most
of his war messages and notes were
first put down in shorthand form. The
article in the Post should be of inter
est to business and professional men
in Bisbee, for the president Is Only one
of hundreds who have learned and are
using shorthand and typewriting for
their own personal convenience. In
an appeal by the government to the
local chamber of commerce, employers
are asked, as a patriotic duty for the
best office help they have in pcint of
preparation and experience. As the
war progresses, and it becomes more
difficult for the business man to se
cure tried and confidential assistants,
he may find himself going through the
motions depicred of the president, eith
er from necessity or convenience.
Three classes in Rhnrt hanrl the en
rollment of which has been slowly but
gradually increasing, have been receiv
ing instruction lVr several days past in
the night school at the high school.
The membership Is varied, comprising
both young and old. Recently an en
tire family enrolled. As fasc as those
Starting late make sufficient progress
they will be transferred to classes
which began earlier. An effort will
gladly be made at any time to accom
modate persons who are en?ous to
earn the subjects offered at the night
school.
It is a notewor'hy fact in this con
nection that Charles Swem, private
secretary and official reporter to the
president, is a wri'er of the Gregg sys
tem, which is taught at the night
school. Swem learned shorthand in
a night school, and went to the white
bouse before he was twenty years of
age. proof of the fact that with a little
will power, youth and adverse condi
tions are no handicap in learning the
Gregg system. The private secretar
ies of Secretary of the Treasury Me
Ai"o, General Periling, Secretary Tu
multy, and also Secretary Baker's
stenographers, are Gregg writers.
Rivals by Top-Heavy Score,
Outclassing Them In All
Departments.
Outplaying and outgaming their
rivals, the Bisbee high school eleven
yesterday rode roughshod over tbe
Douglas team on the latter's grounds;
the final score being 33 to 0.
When the two teams lined up fol
lowing the first kick-oft, it appeared
as if the Bisbee organization had a
shadow advantage rn weig-ht an ad
vantage offset by the local conditions
favoring the other sire. However, be
fore the game was more than a few
minutes old, the high school lads had
demonstrated their vast superiority
in every department of play over the
Douglas crew. They hit low and hard
ran their formations through with snap
and precision, and speedily broke the
morale of their opponents.
Personal animosities marred the
contest to some extent, although the
actual play was .:ean. Landrum
punted well for Bisbee, and scored one
of Its touchdown's., Thomas carried
the ball over the line on two occasions,
while Hobbs and Visila each added six
points to the high school's score by
the same route.
A small band of hooters went tn
Douglas with the team, and they made
up in quality what they lacked in
quanlty.
FOX FEATURE GOES
BIG AT THE ORPHEUM
MISTAKE IN LIST.
Wra.h of Love," the William Fox
1 production starring Virginia Pearson
which opened at the Orpheum theatre
yesterday has struck a very popular
appeal in its war theme. The opening
night was a record breaker at the Or
pheum and the run piOmises to last un
til the picture closes.
All the complications in 'Wrath of
Love" are caused by Dave Blake being
called to the front. He returns a few
running later with five foreign spies
I on his trail, bearing a secret message
for the head of the secret service.
When Blake left he put his fiancee
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. J. O. Me
Kinney, a second class naval seaman
of Newark. N. J., was among the men in the care of the husband of Roma
lost in the torpedoing of the transport j Wirtet, the role played by Virginia
Antilles Wednesday by a Germany j Pearson. The mysterious meetings
submarine, the navy department was between the husband and the girl
advised today by Vice Admiral Sims.
His name became confused with that
of E. L. Kinzey, a seaman, of Water
Valley, Miss., who was reported among
the missing. Kinzey was saved. No
further details of the sinking of the!
when he takes her see her fiance
who Is in hiding, arouse Roma's jeal
ousy. She is prevented from commit
ting a desperate act by Blake's return
after fullilling his mission.
Irving Cunimings. Iconise Bate. Nel-
Mayor Erickson
October 24 Big
Bisbee Holiday
Mayor Jacob Ericsson, following the
course sei Dy Presiueni v uson anu
Governor Campbell, nas declared Ucto-
oer Zt.a uonuoy. xis pioc.auitmon
covenug it toiiows:
Proclamation.
Pursuant to tue action of our Presi
dent, anu tue governor 01 our siaie
selling apar. me aneiuoou 01 uciouer
24, 1917, as a holiuay, in ihe name anu
tor the cause or liberty:
And believing that our people should
accept and acKnowieage sucn ume as
bentung tue cause ot liberty, anu, by
their ac:ion.s. In uie work 01 co-opeia-
tion, assist in the support of our gov
ernment. Now, therefore, I, Jacob Erickson,
mayor of the city ot Bisbee, unuer the
authority s'j vested, do hereby make,
ordain and proclaim, the af:ernoon of
such day, Liberty Day, a legal holiday,
and suggest the closing of all business
that may be practical, throughout the
city of Bisbee, and that our citizens,
by all means, wirhin their power, as
sist and contribute in the success of
rising our full quota- to our second
liberty loan.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto
set my hand this the 20th day of Oc
tober. 1917.
JACOB ERICKSON.
Mayor.
BISBEE WILL HELP
BLINDED SOLDIERS
PREPARE FOR FUTURE
Mrs. Francis E. Shine Spon
sors .Movement to Aid the
Men of Allied Nations Who
Lose Sight for the Cause.
To aid in the international fund,
fostered and administered by the
Araerican-French-British.Belgium asso
ciation for the relief of men blinded
in the war, a meeting will be held at
the Y. W. C. A. on Wednesday, Octo
ber 24, at 3 o'clock. Mrs. Francis E.
Shine of Warren sponsors the move
ment In the Warren District.
During the first three years of the
war many soldiers of France, Belgium
and Britain, not to speak of the central
countries, and the other allies, were
blinded. Their numbers ran Into the
thousands. Each of the men face a
problem of making a living. It is the
purpose' of the A. B. F. B. fund to
teach these men some vocation in
order that they may not become pub
lic charges.
Sir Arthur Pearson, prominent oil
operator and financier of Great Britain
and known as the English RockefeTler.
has donated his entire fortune to thej
cause. Sir Arthur is gradually goins
blind himself and realizes t'iB need of
the men who are without sight as a j
result of . the war. President ood
row Wilson is honorary president of
the organization.
It is proposed to aid the general
organization in this district. To this
end Mrs. Shine expects to organize a
bran-jh in the community and do a
small part in a big undertaking.
CAMELS AN' GUM
AND MONKEYS AN'
PINKJ.EMONADE!
And You Don't Have to Carry
Water for the Elephants to
Get In, Either!
"Al. G. Barnes' Wild Animal Con
test." Are you In it?
Then get busy and send in a list ot
wild animal names to the Wild Ani
mal Editor of the Review.
Remember, though, that in spelling
the names of wild animals you are to
spell them correctly, and use only
letters to be found in the first sen
tence of this article.
There's going to be a lot of really
worth-while prizes for the boys and
girls that send in the largest lists of
names.
The first prize will be six reserved
seat tickets; the second, four; the
third, three; the fourth, two reserved
seat tickets. Besides there will be a
fifth prize of two general admission
tickets and eighteen sixth prizes of
one general admission ticket each to
the Al. G. Barnes Big Four Ring
Wild Animal Circus, which exhibits in
Bisbee on Friday, October 26, in after
noon and evening performances.
There will be a big two-mile-long,
six-band, open-den, parade at 10:30 in
the morning and a big. free, high dive
act at 1 p. m. The doors will be open
at 1 and 7 o'clock and the circus will
be on at 2 and 8 p. m.
But to win one of the prizes, kids,
you'll have to hurry, for letters are
pouring in. You can get papa or
mamma or teacher to help you.
Children of 7 to 8 years are just asj
npt to win prizes as boys and girls of,
15. And you must be 15 years old or
under. You must live in or near Bis-1
win a prize.
Besides all this you will get to see
and shake hands with Al. G. Barnes
himself, the greatest, most fearless
animal trainer in the world, at the,
Review, and answers must be in not
later than 6 p. m. October 24.
And here's a trip for you:
There are lots of wild animal books
at the public library to be had for the
asking. At school in the libraries
are lots more, and by looking at these
you will find the names of loads of
wild animals. Now get busy.
You can win a ticket to see this
most wonderful circus .with 1000 ani
mals, each" and every one trained to
act, if you will use your brains and
your pencil.
ORPHANED FRENCH
ADOPTION NUMBER
REACHES 33 HERE
F R I.
Four More Children are Being
Taken Care of Privately,
While Dance Proceeds Pro
vide for Sixteen. .
It has been announced that the pro
ceeds Of the dance given in Warren,
Wednesday for the benefit of the
Fatherless Children of France were
sufficient to feed sixteen youngsters
for a year. In addition, four mo'fe
adoptions have been privately made,
so that thirty-three little Frenchmen
and Frenchwomen are being taken
care of in the district this morning by
what shall we say? Adopted-step-GOd
praents?
Four Additions.
Here are the four additions to the
list recently published:
No. 45 Fernande Matrmgliem, 35 rue
du Chateau d'Eau, Calais, Department
du Pas-de-Calais; born October 18.
1907. Adopted by E. A. Tovrea, Bis
bee, Arizona.
No. 53. Victorine Monchiet, 80 rue
Victor Hugo, Calais. Department du
Pas-de-Calais; born January 4, 1907.
Adopted by Mrs. C. W. Cromwell and
Mrs. H. E. McGregor, Bisbee, Arizona.
No. 56. Jules Morival. Huby St. Leu
Department du Pas-de-Calais; born Oc
tober 3. 1910. Adopted by Francis Cun
hingham, Bisbee. Arizona.
No. 59. Eugene Pattinier. Rely. De
partment du Pas-de-Calais; born Octo
ber 19, 1905. Adop:ed by Jack Cun
ningham, Bisbee, Arizona.
.AH of the money received has been
sent to France, and by return boat the
people here will receive photographs
Of their new charges.
Do Your Bit!
Could there be a finer way of doing
one's bit? It isn't every' nian who can
buy fifty thousand dollar Liberty
Bonds, it isn't every woman who can 1
send a husband to the trenches' and :
it isn't every child that can sacrifice
a "big brother" for the great cause; '
but every man and every woman and
yes, every child, can give something '
toward the support of these starving, j
helpless, pitiful little orphans. Pin a
dollar, five dollars, fifty dollars, or a
five hundred dollar check to your let-,
terhead, address the envelope to J. P. 1
Connolly, treasurer. Bank of Bisbee,'
and then carry your head a Utile high
er for having done something tremend-'
Ously worth while. ' 1
OCT
GROUNDS
WARREN
I SHOW
506
PEOPLE
ACHES
OF TEF1TS
2 BIS
SPECIAL
TRAINS
ISO ANIMAL
TRAINERS
Wtrla'f Challtni
Srtupt
530-lions-3o
"V. IN OH ACT WW
Utsi Thrtnini W1U
Aalmal Act CiUat
-1000
EPU CATEP
ANIMALS
ALL ACTORS
INCLUDING .
Uons, Tigers. Bsars
Leopards, Jaguirs,
Elephants, Camels,
Zebras, Sea Lions,
Zubus.Monkeys.Ett.
65
Instructive,
Amusing, Amaxlif
Thrilling Acts
5 5 n wrid'
w w Premium '
Horses and Ponies
All Actors
Rtb.TTckllnt;
Animal Clowns
I C A' LM Bl Bill,' Wrestlinc Grizzly, Tano f
j 98 fiJ W 13 Danclac Horses, Fares Comedy f
I 'AVIATION iLl ON Elephants, Horse. Riding Lions,
I rlrtllwri!UMn, Leopards and Bears. 200 Military I
Causes Thrills f. Ponies." Hih-Diving and J empire I
' Amazement Dogs and Monkeys. B
I Only Real Wild Animal Circus on Earth
I Glittering, Nsw, Mils-Lcng Street Paradsst 1 0:30 I
j Exhibitions Dally, Rain or Shine, 2 sua 8 P. M. Doors Open, 1 and 7
DUTCH FISHERMEN
EXPECT RICH HAUL
THE HAGUE. Dutch fishermen are
looking forward to receiving a good
income for doing nothing this winter.
According to the new agreement
proposed by the British government,
35 per cent of the Vmuiden fisJiin
craft are to be laid up. Provisionally,
the agreement is to last for two
months as a trial period and the con
dition is made that during this period
not more than 2000 barrels of fish
shall be exported-to Germany. The
British government will pay a sub
stantial compensation for the. laying
up of the fishing boats.
The arrangement has not yet beet
accepted by the owners, the chief ob
jection being that the maximum fixed
by the British for export to Germany
Is less than Germany's normal fish
imports.
POOR MARY! EVEN
HER OWN PLAYERS
LAGKJN LOYALTY
Prominent Member of "Pride
of Clan" Cast Deserts Com-1
pany Without Giving
Notice.
Antilles has been received by the de-j'ie Slattery and Frank Glmlou are in
jiartment late today.
Miss Bedmiu's bupp'.ir!ing taint.
The production of Mary Pickford's
new Artcraft picture, "The Pride of
the Clan," now at the Eagle theatre,
was temporarily held up and the Pick
ford studio thrown into a state of ex
citement when one of Uie mem tiers
'of the cast deserted the company in
the midst of activities on an Import
ant becne. Although it is the cus
tom to give two weeks notice in case3
of this kind, the player left the cast
without any warning whatsoever. Just
a few minutes before the time she was
first missed the actress was seen, look
ing out of the studio window but whcii
Director Tourneur called for her to
appear in a scene with Miss Pickford
she was nowhere to be found.
A search through th eentire plant
disclosed the fact that she had left
without notice. While going on an
errand, however, one of the property
boys came upon the player evidently
applying for work with another film
company. Without asking any ques
tions "Props" forced her to return to
Ihe Pickford studios where s-'ie war
compelled to continue her work in
"The Pride of the Clan." Tho player
in question will be recognized in the
Pickford cast by her .long neck.
Around the studio she Is known as
Hulda. one of the most talented ducks
in captivity.
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
a
ii it t mm
III II I! mSm J
.t ii u t-i ia s
k u i mm
' ' '" ' '' ' ' ' ' '"' '''''''' jjj
SGROOVESiiW
FIRESTONE built the first successful truck tire and has .
lead in improvements ever since. This Firestone Giant
Truck Tire is the latest practical contributioa' to the j
world's vital needs of tonnage and transportation. 9 1
It fcives amazing mileage and adequate protection to
the truck. This fcreat bulk of fine rubber in a single tread
supersedes the two treads mounted together. It absorbs
strains and shocks, regardless of irregularities in the road. ,
There is skid prevention in the grooved tread.
It Holds the Road in Mud, Snow and Ice
Its remarkable traction and resiliency saves fuel. These j
and other advantages result in Most Miles per Dollar,
and make it
The Dominant Truck Tire of the Day
Made in 7. 8. 10. 12 and 14 inch widths. )
That motorists find extra Tallies In Firestone Tires Is prwrtd by tfcs
fact that our tales increased 72 per cent this year no to 'Sep"'
1st. Our total business tins year win t" f,...,.... j
FIRESTONE TIRE AND RUBBER COMPANY;
Akron, Ohio - Branch and Veuen cvrywne
! SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 21, 1917.
City Briefs
m
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so. call
the Review after p. m. and tell
the Society Editor. Phone S9.
WILL PICNIC
Several Bisbee motorcyclists will
join the Douelas club when they pass
through the ciy this morning on their
wav to the picnic m-ounds about east
of Renson in the foothills. The Doue -
Ins nd Pisbee contingent will be
Joined at he grounds bv the members
of the Tucson Motorcycle club.
TO JOIN HUSBAND ANR FATHER
Mrs. R. F. Carter and children left
this mornine for Tucson, where thev
will join Mr. Carter and make their
future home In that city. Mr. Carter
left here a few dvs eo to accent a
position with the Fisher imislc store
in that cl!v.
LEFT FOR LOS ANGELES
Mrs. A. F. Maxon left last evening
for Los Angeles, where she expects
to remain for several weeks on a
visit to friends.
WAR TAXES A PUZZLE t
The working out of a plan for the'
collection of war taxes In connection!
with the sale of railroad tickets and,
the payment of freight charges has 1
presented a number of points which'
are puzzling the legal departments of
the carriers. Among the questions
which have arisen is whether a tax
Js collectable in the case of delivery
of merchandise to the consignee he
fore November 1. the date on which
the war tax goes into effect, but which
is paid for a few days after the 1st,
as is customary in making collections.
.Another point raised with reference to
shipments which are made and pre
paid before the first of the month but
which are delivered after the first of
the month. Will consignor be called
upon to pay the 3 per cent war tax.
or will the consignee, or will either?
An opinion from the legal department
was expected on these and similar
points raised by the local office of
the E. P. and S. W.
NEED BEDDING FOR LITTLE ONES
The Arizona Children's Home as-1
sociatioir- is an institution, maintained
by private subscription, for the pur
pose of caring for children who are
homeless and destitute. The home is
situated at Tucson. This home has
been productive' of great good and
the calls upon it are daily increasing.
The Warren branch of the association
is engaged in the work of furnishing
comforters to the home for winter
warmth. . To that end it asks for do
nations of quilt scraps, quilting mate
rial, linings and large rolls of cotton.
These may be left at any of the Red
Cross rooms in the Warren district
or at the Y. W. C. A. A generous
response to this . request will mean
much comfort to these-homeless lit
tle ones. '
IS ONE YOURS?
The following telegrams are unde-
. . . . ... . TT! .
liverea ai me wraiern luiuo uiiico.
E. I. Hesslegler. Minnie Sorkin. Jo -
seph L. Mayer, C. H. Bills, Ira Lang-
ford. J. Ellinberg. Sam Beckett. Mrs.
O. E. Bell. Frank
lace Misseley.
Shoemaker, Wal-
' 'Charles Goombel have been certified , WORK ON ROADS. I
MARRIAGE LICENSES for service. Berry Gardner, denied a ' Good Progress is being made on
The following marriage licenses discharge, filed an appeal fj the presi- tne rebuilding of the Charleston road,
have been issued during the past aenL ' j Work at Government Draw is prog
week in the clerk's office at Tomb- ; resslng and the cut on the Bisbee
stone: Earl Leslie Bennett of Bisbee - TWO "CHINKS" IN NEXT BUNCH ' ena is composed of material that is
to wed Helen Elizabeth' Iwrance of f The next consignment that' leaves! being used to surface the road back to
Omaha, Neb.; William J. Coffey of: for Camp Funston or wherever they where the vehicles turn on to the
Drfuglas to wed Ethel M. Plummer go, will have two native born China-! new highway. This is a money sav-
or Kendrick, Idaho; Theodore Lind or,
: I! is bee to wed Man ha Tamietto of
j this city; Lacey'Trumbo to wed Eliz
; abeth McDermitt, both of Douglas;
I De Soto Wyatt to wed Effie Johnson,
' both of Douglas; Nicholas G. Barti
, nillo to wed Archelida Ariza. both of
i Douglas; John f'etsche to wed Fannie
, Wllkerson. both of Lowell.
'attractive display
One of the display windows of Oie
Phelps Dodge store is filled with hits
'of pood things to eat, including ap-1
i1"- Rrapea. pumpkins, etc.. suitable;
ror lne rau ainnPrB- 1 n iniits, etc..
,rft verv artistically arranged with
Halloween symbols, and at night the
n,won ffert makM 11 a very at,rac-
tive aispiay.
SNOW IN CATALINAS
Parties who have been hunting- in
the Santa Calalina mountains west of
RiiAn atofe that there was a slteM
'fall of snow there a few davs ago oniws a resident of the district a numbers in Chicago but will return here
,n IUEn ppaKS- anu lnal lnere nas
bwn h(kyr fr0Rts in the f4nyo118 anfl
,re on one or wo ocCasln9-
I HAS TELEGRAM
Deputy Sheriff Howe at the sheriffs
office has a telegram sent in his care
addressed to W. S. Nance. The party
is unknpwn to him and he would like
to have any one that knows Nance to
Inform bim of the Tact that the tele
' gram Is here and have him call for It
IS AT FUNSTON
Advices have been received at the
Revew office to the effect that the
name of O. B. Averitt should not be
listed as a slacker. He is at Camp
lainsion ana , -
France. The name was rurmsneo. ne; Robert Todd and wlfe were ,n the
Review by the officials.-and no doubt . cfty yester(Jay from tne,r home ,n Carr
it was on the list by error. .Canyon in the Huachucas where they
jhave been living for the past twenty
FROM TOMBSTONE i years. They have one of the largest
C. L. Cummings. one or the largest fruit orchgrds
in that range of moun-
property owners or the county seat. ta,ns and durinK tne past year clean.
was in the city yesterday on a short ed up quUe a n,ce ,jule sum from the
business trip. He returned to his ,e of fHut ,n the Bisbee market.
home late in the evening.
ON WAY HOME
R. N. French, the Douglas lawyer,
was in me cny wi " " -
way home from Tombstone, where he
has been on business before the 8U-
superior court.
HE "CANDY KID"
Tommy Sutton the genial represen-
tative or Bishop & Co., of Los Angeles
was in the city yesterday and will re-
main over Sunday, lie came over
fmm Tombstone yesterday on tne
stage. He bandies canaies cracnem
and jams, and has been making this
section for over twenty years.
THROUGH TO TOMBSTONE
Merwin Moore tof the Douglas police
rorce was in the city yesterday on a
short visit while on his way to Tomb
stone where he was called as a wit
ness in th superior court.
FROM TOMBSTONE
John "W. Walker the efficient report
er of the superior court at Tombstone
was in the city yesterday tin a short
visit ? He was accompanied by his
wife. They returned home during the
evening.
; pnB KFRVICE
; . Board at TuC80n
on
certlned back to the local board
tha following named for service:
George E. Frazee,
R. A. Dixon,
Leo
Westfield. Dean
C. Roberts,
and
men with them. One of them is Wong
Just Arrived!
We have just received original sample models
from the best houses in the East we get these
to design from and will now let you have them
at reduced prices.
$45.00 to $50.00 Suits For
$30 and $35
Remember that we can fashionably tailor you.
We can give you that smart effect that you
don't get from ready-made goods.
Fruitmans Fashionable
Ladies' Tailors
Phone Black 718. Opp. Y. M. C. A Hughe Block
Fook, of Tombstone, who is a bright
celestial and who has been educated
in American schools and Is a fair me -
chanic and has w'jrked in auto garag -
es. The other is Fong Hing Bing of
Willcox who has been conducting a
restaurant in that city and who also
has property in Sacramento, Oalifor -
ma,
BURIED TOMORROW
The funeral services over
the re
majn, of th- iatp Fzra i Gibson will
he nelj M0nday afternoon from the
Masonic temple at 2p. m. The de-
ceased was an old resident of the
Warren district having been employed
In the local mines here for a number
of years. He was 62 years of age and
died Friday at the Copper Queen hos
pital from a hemorrhage.
FROM SANTA CRUZ COUNTY
Frank Neill and son were in the city
! yesterday on a short visit. Mr. Neill
ber of years ago being employed in
the mines here but for the past few
years had been engaged in the ranch
ing business in Santa Cruz county near
Elgin where he has a number of cat
tle as well a quite a farm.
FROM TOMBSTONE
William Lutley was In the city yes
terday on his way home -to Tombstone
from a visit to his ranch in Leslie
Canyon. Mr. Lutley has recently re
turned from a trip to various Califor
nia points with Mrs. Lutley. The lat
ter is still in San Francisco. Mr. Lut
ley reports cattle in the vicinity of
the "Boot" ranch as being in good
shape.
! FROM HUACHUCAS
! MIGHT MAKE A FEW
i An enterurislne- t runner, mleht clean
, & tf
.TjDDer Tombstone Canvon and the sur-
uniing hnls , trappinK tne numer.
0U8 skunks that are now Infesting that
neighborhood as the hides were quoted
in New York a fewr days ago at $4.50
each. There were 90,000 of them sold
at auctPjn in tnat city At the 8ame
! biack house cat furs which
are t0
be used on n,yiady-s fur hatg brought
; 75 cents eacn
IS IN HOSPITAL
E. A. Folsora, or Nacj Is a patieni. in
the Copper Queen hospital.
He under-
went a minor operation a few days ago
and is reported as doing nicely.
ABLE TO BE OUT
W. R. Banks, who had the misfor
tune to break his leg a few weeks ago
is now able to be about with the aid f
crutches, which is gratifying to his
many friends.
HUNTING PARTIES
Every available shot gun in the dis
trict was prepared for use last evening
judging from the number of hunting
parties that were getting ready to
leave the city last evening and this
j morning and if they all bring back the
limit of quail and doves there will be
j a scarcity in the future. Quite a num-
ucr "BUl ,ul ",c fountains io try ana
DrinK down a buck.
j er when the excavation is used for
fill or surface work as is being don-!
now. The survey gang is now gel-
1 ting the drainage areas between tlie
1 Government Draw so as to determine I
i the size of the various drainage on i
j the last lap. the new location from j
Government Draw will cut ofr at least i
1 l.r.no feet in distance besides eliniinat-;
ing all the hills on this end of the!
I present route. No shifting of gears, I
and one can make it from Tombstone1
to the foot of the grade If the old boat !
Is good for anything. The gang on '
the Douglas road Is making excellent ;
progress and have; already made con-
i siderahle improvement on that high-
way.
I
BACK FROM TRIP
Hoval A. Smith returned yesterday
from a trip fj Phoenix and to the Mi
ami district yesterday where he has
mining interests. He reports that
section as being quite lively. He will
leave In ft few riava fnr Ilia hnailnuni-t.
soon to begin operations on some of
his mining properties In the state.
FROM' TOMBSTONE
Miss Elsie Toles, county school su
perintendent, was In th city yester
day to confer with the members of the
local school board in regard to filling
the vacancy on the board caused by
the resignation of Rev. Fry, who has
left the district. C. A. McDonald o"
the Citizens Bank and Trust company
was chosen to fill the place. He was
a former member of the board, but
his term of office expired last year.
COMMITTED TO ASYLUM
George Evans, who was employed
in the mines here until a few weeks
ago, when he went to Douglas, was
committed to the state hospital for the
insane by the lunacy commission at
Tombstone yesterday. He attempted
to kill Foreman Schnider, the street
paving contractor at Douglas, a few
days ago. At the same session of th"
commission Henry C. Hurgett of
Douglas was also committed. He was
committed to the asylum from this
county in January, 1916, and was re
leased and returned to Douglas, but
became violent again and it was
found necessary to have him placed
under restraint again.
SOMEWHERE IN FRANCE
A postal card has been received by
Dan Hanley in Tombstone from his
s'on, Dan Jr., stating that he was wih
the aviation corps in Fiance and that
! he liked the work and that he w as
pleased with what he has seen of
France so far which was not much. ;
Dan will be remembered here as hav
ing driven the car of John Mason Ross :
j for over R year
for over 11 vear. He is an expert me-
, .cni;nil engines and when
1 he enii3ted in the service passed witn
i nuiiii. w . f,ukv j --n
hIgh honors m the examination. His
i many friends in this district wish him i
well in his efforts l do "his bit for
his country.
DIED AT FLORENCE
William Lee, who at one time was
employed in the local mines here and
later at Tombstone, died in Florence a
few days go from bowel trouble. He
was taken sick while working as a
guard at the penitentiary and was tak
en into the hospi'al and was operated
on, bur the doctors realized that he
was too weak to stand the operation
and he expired on the operating table.
He had farming interests in the vicin
ity of Casa Grande, where he had been
living for the "past few years.
TO RESIDE AT WARREN
Mrs. Ridgeley Hooper, and little
daughter, have arrived in the district,
and will make their future home here.
Mr. Hooper has just finished the erec
tion of a dwelling at Warren where the
family will reside. They have been
the guests of Mrs. C. S. K'joper at
Douglas for tbe past few weeks while
the house was being completed.
IN BOOK FORM
The Bisbee postoffice is in receipt
of a notice from the department that
the new three cent stamps will be is
sued in bc'oks as well as sheet form.
Postmasters are instructed to keep but
a limited supply of one and twvcent
stamps iji books.
MRS. LOCKET BETTER.
Mrs. James Lockett who is at the C.
& A. hospital, having been operated
; on some days ago, is reported as be-
ing much improved. She expects to
! be able to return to her home on
i Voungblood Hill very shortly.
VISITING DAUGHTER.
Jin. Helen A. Conger of Waco, Tex
as, arrived in Warren Friday night
to visit her daughter, Mrs. Edith
Byrnes. Part of her time will be spent
in Warren, and part with her son. S.
C. Conger, of Douglas.
PATRIOTIC FILM.
The Orpheum is showing today, in
addition to its regular bill, a 1,000
foot Pathe reel which is sent out as
a second liberty loan stimulant. The
reel shows almost every prominent
"movie" star singing bonds, and it al
so shows the prtrldent delivering film
speeches.
BACK FROM DALLAS.
C. O. Ellis returned home to Doug
las Thursday night from Dallas,
Texas, where he was called to meet
with bankers and business men of the
Dallas reserve bank district which in
cludes southern Arizona. At this nice;
ing were more than 2i0 bankers, busi
ness and professional men from all
Btates included In the district. The
meeting showed that there was such
eartnestness among those present and
determination to make fliis second
bond sale a greater success than was
the first one. Mr. Kills said that J. W.
Hoopos, of the reserve bank a' Dal
las, has been placed in charge of f lie
sale of bonds and that lie is assisted
by Lawder, who was at one time re
ceiving teller in the Hank of Douglas
in Douglas, leaving tliere five y.-ar?
ago. Mr. Mooiics addressed 'he mee'.
ing and explained many features ol
the work in hand which will be of
great assistance to those bre.-.nt in
the remaining days of the campaign
SLIGHTLY INJURED.
Edward Dickerson. a miner employ
ed at the Holbrook shaft of the Cop
per Queen company, was slightly in
jured last night about 11 o'clock while
working in a raise between the 20V
and 300-foot levpls. A houldpr broke
loose and struck him on tho heal,
cutting a deep gash. He was brought
to the surface and taken to the hospi
tal where the wound was dressed.
FROM CANANEA.
John II. Uecliam was in the city yes
terday from his home at Cananea and
will remain over today. He reports
that camp as being quiet at the pre.-!-,
ent time, but that there are persistent
rumors there that the Cananea com
pany is soon to resume operations.
LEFT FOR PHOENIX.
Miss Mary Sheehy left yesterday for
Phoenix where she will remain for
several weeks on a visit to friends.
HAS RETURNED.
Mrs. Fred Juleff and son have re
turned from' a several weeks visit to
various places of interest in Southern
California. On her return trip she
stopped over several days in Phoenix
on a visit to her brother. Governor
Thomas Campbell.
FROM FORT HUACHUCA.
Ida E. McCarty, postmistress at Ft.
Huachuca. with Mrs. W. T. Stout,
Mrs. L. Armstrong and Mrs. G. Mc
Hride composed a party of ladies from
the Fort who were in the city yester
day on a short shopping tour.
.
FROM ROAD CAMP.
C. W. Douglas and W.O.Elliott were
In the ciiy last evening from the stafe
road camp in Government Draw. They
report work at the camp progressing
nicely and that the grade and surfas
ing has been about completed to the
draw.
WAS IN DOUGLAS.
J. J. Bowan, of the Bisbee Auto
company, was in Douglas yesterday
afternoon to attend a meeting of t!ie
Cochise County Highway commission
which was called for the purpose of
discussing the question of what roads
the improvement would be made on
when the bond election was called.
Food administratoin has fixed sugar,
refiner's margin at 1.30 cents per
pound. This covers cost of refining'
and profit. Profit should be about
1-5 of a cent per pound on this basis. .
it: v'
star.
Myers,
ill 1
I SERVE COLO I
li,jVi tme Beverage
i
fr- -n
Mir a
If iff
For the past month we have done a lot
of business.
We haven't made any money, but our low
prices have been the means of you giving
us your business and we hope you are
satisfied with the service we have per
formed. We have returned to the normal prices
prevailing in the Warren District.
You now know that you can get as high
class work done here as you can get in
any city anywhere as our equipment is
the best money can buy.
Remember we handle the famous
NEOLIN SOLES
GOODYEAR
SHOE SHOP
(While You Wait)
Plione 813. Back of Y.W.G.A. Allen Block
1
I
Review Want Ads Bring Results
CINCE its first
the public, Ambrosia
achieved instant success as
a Beverage of distinctive
qualities.
Try it to-day you'll never
tire of its many delights.
AC hotels, restaurants, cafes, drug
stores, grocery stores, fountains, and at ail
places where beveragea are served.
Order it by the case from your dealer
CENTRAL CONSUMERS COMPANY
INCOKPOffATVO
LOUISVILLE, KENTUCKY
Darling & Hinton Co.
Wholesale Distributors
ea raa
i
8
J
how
' -
f 3 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 21, 1917.
if
SEVEN
Not "As Man to Man", But
The Commonplace Existenc
Of An Unruly Newspaper Cub
The "cub" got a letter from his
mother yesterday, and that lady didn't
seem so awfully pleased with him.
She mentioned many things, among
them that, with Emma McChesney,
she intended taking her son "apart,
and putting him back together again
like a watch." The cub could re
member nothing about Emma Mc
Chesney's son other than that he once
raised a check and then married a
chorus girl. Having done neither, the
cub decided to go to the Phelps Dodge
store, purchase Edna Ferber's book.
look up the male McCbesney's biogra
phy and discover just what there was
about him to remind the experimental
Mamma of her own particular man
child. Hallowe'en
As he entered the P. D. building a
Hallowe'en window of ' pumpkins,
grapes, apples, squashes and good
ness knows what caught his eye. It
was a beautiful window; Hallo w'en
favors of many sorts lying in studied
irregularity supplied a crisp back
ground ;and the whole thing made the
cub hungry. . He walked in the gro
cery department and looked around.
Every one was busy, so . he helped
himself to a pickle out of a great jar
and waited for sen-ice.
... .
It wasn t long coming. A ma. step-l
ped up with a "Well, s.rr
. ,?Ut . LkP ,
thoughtfully. I want oineth.ng I
can keep on my desk while I write, j
he said; -something cheap but fill-
ing-maybe crackers and m cheese" ,
The man grinned. "Filling, all
. . . ., . , . ... '
, ' ' , , , , .
cucap. vo carry do kiuus 01 cueese
i , . - !
nere cneeses imponea irom every (
tuiuyrau vuuutijr cjiicpi nuiwia, nii'j
some of them come rather high."
.. . . , . . " .
"Grve me a 10-cent slab of the good
oia American Kina you use in mouse;
traps," replied the cub. "I ain't high-
Music Hath Charms
Food in one hand and half-consumed
pickle in the other, he started out to
v . ui v x. . , , . . .
htmr rnv h to HsYrtlr A a Y.A il mhaJ V. a
.v. ...
.v i "D '""""s w lu
other part of the store a phonograph,
begam playing a strikingly tuneful se-
..-v'.. .i. . u i j t. . ,
... ' u
I ,T" ",; e. . . . ,
"'Art Old l-ashioned Wife,' from;
'Oh, Boy!" she said. "Isn't it pret-!
v, .
yi.i- .v- j ...
"It is, toe cub agreed. "Is it
fully new?"
"In a way," was her reply. "You
see we get everything just as quickly ;
o lb virur vui ItlUIU LJL 111 VI 11
Broadway, so we keep almost up with
the musical comedy productions them
selves. Would you care to have me
wrap this selection for you?"
Haven't got an Instrument to use,
it on," said the cub
know in Bisbee with
peeved at me; so I guess 111 have to kind we nave gbe rep,jed Then
passV ... ! half-audibly: "It's very reasonable,
Ho8e! . jtoo."
Across the aisle a young woman, w u u orderei cub
was arranging stockings la. showcase.; Tnere was a wa, f c
Keep fire hose here? questioned the: tne package ffie ghow you
oL .. . n i , - ! cunning little Chinese 'good luck'
She smiled. 'Red slock.ngs wereldogs gajd tne ud who at
never very much in vogue but we, tractlveIy. and ln a moment the cub
have something most attractive in the! had added one of the hand-painteJ
new three-inch stripes."
The cub glanced cautiously over his
u , . . .
-- tilings for me," he announced, walk-
happened to be around. The coast , ,s acro88 tQ tf)e rev0,y shelvef
was clear. "Lets have a look at!.her. firtinn waa Mnn,av . c
em," he whispered. -
-t, - , j ,
"Here," said the young woman in
buftinPRHlilr ma nnor wu ret a hanHcmma'
w, --
pair m contrasting navy blue and)
burnt orange; and here, wistaria and
gold form a striking combination.
But the cub heard no more. Around
the corner walked his minister, and.
turning up his coat collar, he ducked
into the men's department.
A Bit Fussed
0,vVU- t j
11 ordinal wSk HnrtJi! IrZ .
an ordinary walk. Horrible predica-
m..ll Vr K,, u. l:r-
l i r r '
could think of no excuse. He
the cub
thought of the man that passes on
his copy, and countered with a "Well-1-1,
yes and no."
Hut the man back of the voice didn't
seem satisfied. "Can't I show you
'something in pajamas?" he persisted.
"You shock me." replied the cub.
"Who am I that I should be interested
seeing any one in pajamas? My room
mate at college, whose name was
Tonimie, wore 'em; and I am sure
that your offer would be no novelty
in my lire." I
"You mistake me." the' man said
with a laugh. "I merely wanted to
cxb'bit some of the new pajama suit-
in s we have in 6tock. Look at this
beauty in 'kelly-green madras with a
green self-stripe.'
"I'm not Interested." Bald the cub.
"I wear the old-fashioned 'nightie,'
and my mother makes 'em for uie."
$25, This
Maternal mention called to the
cub's mind the purpose of his visit to
the store. : MEXICO CITY. ln the Hrst six
"Where do they sell books?" he-months of this year there were e
asked the pajama man: and, receiv-i ported from the Mexican oil fields 22,
ing Instructions, he journeyed up the 1411,-876 barrels of oil, of which 17.
aisle. As he turned to leave the de- 232.254 barrels went to the United
parliueut a gorgeous lounging robe States.
ensnared his attention. It was of
purple and green brocaded silk, silk
tassled; with collar, cuffs and facings
of black grograin. The cub paused,
thought how pleasant If Santa Calus
should drop that paricular robe into
his stocking about two months hence
(St. Louis, Mamaroneck, New York,
and Dallas, Texas, papers please
copy), and started once more for the
book he wanted. But the pajama man
dashed up with a packet in bis hand
and baited him.
The 01' Kit Bag
"Look at this," he cried. "Here's
something for you to send to a friend
in one of the training camps. It's a
heavy kahkl roll which doesn't take
up a bit of room, sells for $5, and
contains a soap box, foot powder, hair
brush, comb, talc, shaving soap,! a
"housewife,' adhesive plaster, dental
cream, tooth brush, safety razor,
darning wool, steel mirror, and lots
of other things."
I'm saving up for a Liberty bond,
cub wUh dignUy ..Md
I sides, I'm expecting to- have some
body send ME one of these Kits be
fore long." Then, after a pause: "1
tell you what, misjer: I'll take on of
'em along with me now, and without
using it, I'll write you a 'peach' of a
testimonial. Great stuff for advertis-
ing. you know."
But the man rem&rkeA cold.
p R wasnt fa the t
medicine business, so the cub went
hu unknitted.
Wome anJ BagkeU
0n a book lace he ran
of examining
. . h , . . 0 ...
what he took to be a bird cage.
"Where's the canary?" he demand-
.
eu.
"hat canary?'
one of the women
gglted
" ,, . ' ,
For the cage, of course,
h
said the
I Simp nf the m'nniAn milHa nnp nf
,n
em laughed. - "There isn't any bird
UU LUIS IBUl U11U VagC, BUB BUILCU.
"It's a work basket of Chinese bam-
hon Ra11v nnw lan't tt a rialntv
T v .u . , . , j
thing? Lok, at the network of colored
bamboo under the flower design
ot
the cover don't you like it?"
Great ,n the mo
cried a cub ..0 ,
'my time 8ewng for the Red Cross?
I1 te styles in sewing baskets!
! Next thing you'll be trying to seU me
one ,.
, .
i n no- sne SSl& sweetly; "but do
i look at 8ome of the ot our bas
aw-,ketg Thpn?, gee
. .
ua,dU oncci (lass, WllU UlQtCS IV
i needles, thread and
look at tnj8 gmal, phillppine basket;
scissors.
And
neat and trim looking. And please,
please enthuse over this little one
covered with Chinese silk!"
"I'll do nothing of the sort," said
thA rllh "htlt B-hot'e that nilft.lnnlrliii.
oasket with.the Japanese taoestrv
and the girl ljcover? Ig tnat for sewing. toor
a machine is ..v. , .u ,.. ,
t pups to his purchases. "Guess I'll get
a book I'm after while you do up these I
'inAi s"m. V u ,
i tucked fc-mma McChesney (in book
frmj Ma .m olJ , . .
' '
went back, ror his basket and his dog
.vvhat ln the world
can I do with
the8e blamed thingsr he asked as
he took the bundle
. - - . luui-ii
care," said the lady who had laughed.
"You half-challenged me to sell you
something, and I nerer take a dare!"
"Darn!" blurted the cub in parting.
, " v - U 1 I K I IMS H II U IUW l HI UUKUUIIL
H Cr88ed the Cntered Uent to the rising generation of Japan
K.-nHin,, drA ni ct.nmH hiJ.w ....... .
"' ' -
,ck,Re to the mother that bati'i
w fn niMMH iti, t-'
been so awfully pleased with him a
late, and dropped itiinto the mails.
Then, book, crackers and cheese in
hand, he deprted for home to satisfy
his digestive system and to give tsS
curious mind a chance of learning
just how much he and Mrs. McCbes
ney's factitious youngster have in
common.
Prosaic afternoon!
NO RUBBER IN SWEDEN.
STOCKHOLM The Swedish rubber
goods maiufacturers have sent a cir
cular to dealers in rubber overshoes,
advising them that the Impossibility of
securing rubber will prevent them
, from furnishing any overshoes next
winter. Supplies on hand are now all
hut exhausted.
MEXICAN OIL EXPORTS.
FOR THE PRINTING
OF WHICH A GOOD
JOB MAY BE LOST
A Reporter Grows Very Edi
torial and Very "Preachy"
Over a Red Cross News
Item.
A very' charming lady entered The
Review office late Saturday afternoon
and placed upon the desk a folded
sheet of paper. "Will you run Cuis in
the locals?" she asked.
A not very busy reporter unfouled
the paper and read:
News Item.
"Anyone wishing to make surgical
dressijg for the Red Cross may meet
at the Red Cross sewing rooms in
Bisbee and Warren on donday."
"Yes," he replied solemnly; and the
charming lady departed.
Why?
Why the last two words of your
"item." lady? Why 'Jon Monday?"
Why not "on Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday, Thursday, Friday and Satur
day?" Or better still, why not word
your "item" In this manner?
"Women who are not mental and
pl.yc'cal slackers will meet at the Red
Cross sewing rooms in Bisbee and
Warren daily. They will come' early
and stay late."
Of course, every woman in the dis
trict has other work wrich requires
attention work which, often, will keep
them from their Red Cross labors for
days at a time. But the point is to
;ct them there In those sewing rooms
whenever there Is a spare houi even
a spare half hour to add their mite
inr the alleviation of universal man
kind suffering. Many women are
faithful in this duty, but a great many
more are not; and they are equal
"slackers" with the drafted men who
dye their whiskers red and. have their
mail forwarded to South America.
SENATOR MARK SMITH
WILL SPEAK AT MEET
HERE ON WEDNESDAY
Liberty Loan Holiday Will Be
Appropriately Celebreted In
the Warren District Other
Plans Formulated.
Senator Mark A. Smith, senior rep
resentative of the state of Arizona in
I the upper branch of congress, will
speak at the Bisbee Liberty Lean Day
celebration on' Wednesday afternoon.
Arrangements were made yesterday
with the senator, who was In Douglas
on his way home to Tucson, to appear
in the Warren District unless illness
interfered. Other plans for the oc-
asiou are fast being put into excel -
lent shape and promise to make of
the occasion a rousing one from start
to finish.
Today the Copper Queen and other
mines of the Warren District will work
in order to allow the employes an op
portunity to participate in the cele
bration. The day has been declared
a holiday by President Wilson, Gover
nor Campbell and Mayor Erickson. It
is being celebrated throughout the
nation.
The speaking will take place at the
I city park on the afternoon of October
24. This time was chosen because lm
evenings are too cold. AH business
houses in the Warren District will to
, . . ,
i closed during the afternoon.
i
AIDS AMERICAN PLAN.
TOKIO. In connection with a
i nuvemvni 10 uiiia japan ana ine
United States in an educational and
! spiritual sense, Katsujiro Kato, a
graduate of an American university,
j as started a series of lectures in
1:10 cullumuilB uuuuilllK ill nuiniKiu
- niversities and generally in the
. ... ,
United Statas. The movement is sup
ported by S. Ebara. a member of the
house of peers, and other prominent
Japanese.
Mr. Kato is a member of I be inter
national committee of the Young
Meu's Christian Association. '
More Intrigue
Unearthed East
(CoiitinucU From Page One)
of wealth, it never occurred to any
one he would secure money other than
his own In a artnsaction involving only
$20,000. Mr. Herman Ridder s obla
tions totalled millions of (f.)liars. The
money borrowed from Amsinck and
company was used in the International
Typesetting machine company and
was not borrowed for the Staats eZil
ung. which never had occasion to bor
row money.
"Before applying for a license , the
details of this transaction were given
to the authorities (the department of
justice and the posoflice) the er
day Pavenstedt' made us acquainted
Sweeping Is Plan
. of Genl. Crowder
(Continued From Page One.)
history of each man's case will appear
at a glance, beginning with his order
number and ending with his induc
tion into camp while at the close o'
each day's work, the local board Is
enabled to complete ln a few minutes
with a rubber stamp what has hither
to taken hours to complete. The sys
tem is such that it will present each
case almost automatically to the local
board.
"The completion of the new system
will solve problems which have con
fronted the provost marshal general
and caused him much concern.
Serious Problems.
"One of the most serious of thes
bas been keeping together the great
organization of the local and district
boards which from numerical view
point is of the strength of an army
division; many of these officials have
been clammoring for relief on ac
count of the drain on their time and
the new system 'will make it easily
possible for them to continue their
duties, for which they have proven
themselves eminently fitted. ,
Question of Expediency.
"Another problem solved was the
question of expediency of contlnuin
the examination of the entire registry
thus fixing each man's status. This
would -have involved a medical exami
natioa of each man, whose physical
condition might change from day to
day, thus making this great undertak
ing valueless.
Old System Cumbersome.
Again, under the old system of
examination and discharge, it would
have been necessay, if the national
need required it, to send for the ex
empted men to return for physical re
examination while in the meantime
his industrial or his family status
might have changed, thus involving
endless appeals and confusion.
New System's Points.
"The new system fixes a man's calss
and calls him in his proper turn when
he is needed. He will be examined
physically only when needed. Thus
the labors of the medical officers will
be called for only when required. If
the nation needs a half million men,
they will respond, each in his turn,
fixed by bis class.
"The man who can be least spareJ
either as the head of a family or the
head of a business necessary to the
defense of the nation, will be the last
to go.
"The new plan is being made ready
fcr the printer and will be submitted
to the local and district boards in
ample time to enable them to famil
iarize themselves with it and thus
approach their next draft with a thoro
ugh knowledge of its requirements.
Huns Score Win
and Record Loss
(Continued From Paee O&e)
to the Gulf of Riga from Moon Sound.
1 These operation, co-ordinated with t'.io
landing of detachments on Dago Is
land, show unmistakably the desir;
of the enemy at all costs to destroy our
naval forces defending this region.
"All yesterday mist and rain veiled
and hampered our patrol and aerial
scouting.
un tne various fronts there were
fusillades and scouting."
FIVE ZEPS BAGCED.
LONDON', Oct. 20. Reuter's corre
spondent at British headquarters in
France telegraphed that four Zeppe
lins brought donw in France were air
ships that had taken part in the raid
on England last night. It is believed,
adds the correspondent, that a fifth
Zeppeland was destroyed at Bour-
bonne les aBines.
The correspondent's dispatch says:
"The fleet of Zeppelins returning
from England was routed by the
French air defenses last night. Tite
approach of 11 Zeppelins was signaled
throughout France late in the eve
ning. At once the air squadron and
batteries all over the country were
warned and the enemy's airships were
attacked and scattered all over Krance
like a flock of frightened birds.
"One Zeppelin was brought down at
St. Clement, near Luneville, by anti
air craft guns. Two others were
broug'it down or forced to land, one
at Vcrgeannes in the department of
Cote dc'Or. and the other at La
niarclie, in Haute Marne. Oue of these
was damanged by French airmen and
the others by guns. A fourth Zep
pelin, after being chased throughout
central France, was brought down at
Gap in the Hautes-Alpes.
"No bombs were dropped in FUrauce
by t!iu Zeppelins which were practical
ly at the mercy of the French air de
fenses." with his transactions with Dr. Deru-
i burg."
Poloacke Explains,
V. II. Poloacke, publisher of
the
Ieutsches Journal, explaining the
check from Pavenstedt received by
that publication said:
"The check for $5(t was paid t'j an
advertising solicitor of the Deufehes
Journal' for space reserved by Mr. Pa
venstedt in the twenty-fifth anniver
sary of the Deutsche Journal.
"The endorsement on 'lie hack of
Mr. l'avenstedt's check is the endorse
ment which appear on all checks bank-
led by Mr. Hearst's newspapers in New
I York."
"STOP, THIEF!" TO
BE A REGULAR BIG :
LEAGUE PRODUCTION
Rehearsals Have All Gone Off
With "Pep" and Local Ac
tors are Eager for the Call,
"Curtain!"
"Stop, Thief!" has come!
Tomorrow night, and the night fol-,
lowing, butchers and bakers and
candle-stick makers will drop their
every day roles and display all sorts
of choked up histroonic ability. Un
der the direction of an actress who
knows all the ropes and all the wires
and all the everything else to "put
over" any old kind of a play in bis
league, style, Melba Palmer, Bisbee
folk will show other Bisbee folk just
how "stop. Thief!" should be produc-.
ed to get the best results.
"Oh, Boy!"
"Is It a 'scream' from start to
finish?" the press agents were asked.
"Even more so!" they shouted in
unison; and Inasmuch as all three
of 'em live here, and inasmuch as none
of 'em have enough money to leave
town after the first performance, for
once the dear public can believe what
press agents have to say. The ticket
sale is reported as "going good."
The Cast.
Here is the cast of characters in
the order of their appearance at th-t
Orpheum Monday evening:
Joan Carr Mra. Bert Hursi
Mrs. Carr Kiss Kate Gtuhrii
Caroline Carr Miss Lucile Detloff
Madge Carr Miss Blanch Detloft
Xell .. Melba Palmer
William Carr P. A. Bertoiani
James Cluney . Lewis L. Le Cuyer
Jamison ' Harry Holmes
Dr. Willoughy ..Julius J. Dugal
Clergyman Roswell Champion
Jack Doogan George E. Kellogg
Jos. Thompson Frank Zumsteg
Sergeant of Police A. BL. tong
Officer L. S. Davenport
Officer.'. : Ray Hicks
-.ii-
a I.
Football Results
(By Review Leased Wire.)
At Waterville Maine-ltowdoin 10;
Colby 7.
Williamstown, Mass. Williams 12;
Hamilton, 0. ,
Haverford, Pa. Irsinus 23; Haver
ford, 0.
Swarthmore, Pa. Swarthmore 17;
Gettysburg 0.
Hoboken Stevens 22; Naval Aviation
0. .
Baltimore Dickinson 14; Johns Hop
kins 0.
Orono, Me. Bates, 6; Maine, 0.
Washington, Pa. W. & J. 7; Penn
State, 0.
Chicago Chicago, 27; Purdue, 0.
Annapolis-Annapolis 61; Carlisle, 0.
Manhattan, Kas. Kansas Aggies, 61;
Washington U., 0.
Ames. Ia. Ames, 15: Missouri, 0.
Salt Lake City Utah 14; Wyoming 0.
Philadelphia Penn 20; Bucknell 6.
Ithaca Colgate 20; Cornell 0:
Detroit Army Officers 7; Jackles O.
Denver Colorado 12; Mines i.'u "
West Point West Point 26: Tufts 3.
Los Angeles University of Southern
California 31: University Arizona 6.
Emporia Haskell 7; Kansas State
Normal 5. - .
Waco, Tex. Baylor University 17; Ok-
r
Price of Sugar Is Reduced
90c Per Hundred Pounds
Our New Selling Prices Are as Fol
lows, Delivered to You Residence:
Granulated Sugar, 100 lb. Sack $9.00
48 lb. Sack $4.3225 lb. Sack $2.25
10 lb. Sack 90c 5 lb. Sack 45c
2 3-4 Pound Sack 25c
All other kinds of sugar reduced proportionately, in
cluding Gallon C, Cube and Powdered Sugar.
Potato Prices Are Reduced
New Prices Are as Follows:
Calif orniaPotatoes, 100 lb. Sack $3.75
California Potatoes, 50" 44 $1.95
California Potatoes, 24 " " $1.00
California Potatoes, 12 " " 50c
Calif ornia Potatoes, 6 " " 25c
White Corn Meal, 9 lb. Sack 65c
Yellow Corn Meal, 9 lb. Sack 65c
' White Corn Meal, 24 lb. Sack $1.60
Yellow Corn Meal, 24 lb. Sack $1.60
lahoma A. & M. 0.
Minneapolis Minnesota 33; Indiana 9.
Pittsburg Pittsburg 28: Syracuse 0.
Cambridge Harvard University 13:
First Heavy Artillery of Maine 0.
Hanover Dartmouth 6; Wet Virginia
2.
Hartford Trinity 20: Camp Devens, 0.
Pittsburg Carnegie 21: Ohio 0.
Buckhannon, W. Va. W. Va. Wesley
an 27: Westminster 3.
New Haven Yale Freshmen 20; Phil
lips Exeter 0.
The Review Wild Animal Prize Contest.
To the Wild Animal Editor:
I hereby certify I am not over 1 5 years of age and I
submit names of wild animals in your prize
contest for free tickets to the Al. G. Barnes Big Four
Ring Wild Animal Circus, exhibiting in Bisbee on Fri
day, October 26.
Name
Add
ress
(Pin one of these
"We Make 'Em Fit".
Here's a Chance
To pick up in uncalled for tailor-made suit, originally
priced $3 5tj $60, for
$20 to $35
....We will alter, if necessary, these suits to fit you
Don't Wait
B. F. MILLARD
Leading Tailor
Phone 140 Allen Block
EEKI
Hanover Dartmouth 6: U. of Va. 2.
Easton. Pa. Rutgers 33; LaFayette 7.
Pearia Mllliken 41; Bradley 0.
New York Wesleyan 7; New York
University 6.
Berea. Ohio Case 9; Baldwin-Wallace
0.
Providence Brown 7; Boston College
New York Fordtam 12: Holycross 0.
New York Columbia 21: Union 0.
Omaha South Dako:a 6: Creighton .
Lawrence Kansas 34; Washburn 2.
coupons on your list)
1
m
'tfaHIM n hi TI Eviri
lUIll
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 21, 1917.
Irs
41
W '1' ' V". ' ' '.,WJ! . IT fl
1
EAGLE
THE HOUSE OF COMFORT
7!o
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
fl
ANNOUNCING ARTCRAFT STELLAR ATTRACTIONS
Each and every Saturday and'Sunday witii Stars of the first magnitude. including Douglas Fairbanks, -Vary Pickford. George M. Colian,
William S. Hart, Geraldine Farrar and Marguerite Clark, under tiie direction of America's most able directors, I). W. Griffith, Thomas
H. lnce, Maurice Tourneur. Cecil B. Demille and John Emerson.
TODAY TODAY TODAY
PICKFORD
IN
Ihc
OF
CLAM
The charmingest, sweetest storv Marv has ever helped to toll. Let your pulse heat with Mary s let your heart leap out to her.
, " SPECIAL MUSIC BY GRIBBLE'S CONCERT ORCHESTRA.
ADMISSION : Matinee 1 5c ;
Night, Children 15 Cei:ts, Adults 25 Cent
0KPHEUM
T1EAIBE
CONTINUOUS From 1 to 11
CONTINUOUS From 1 to 11
Called to the Colors It Is Dave Blake' leaving to do service for his country in the hour of her need that re
sults in the complications of one of the most timely and entertaining photoplays of the year.
' WILLIAM FOX PRESENTS v
VIRGINIA PEARSON
IN
''WRATH OF LOVE'
Also TOM MIX in "TWIN CYLINDER LOVE"
A William Fox Comedy in two reels full of laughter. '
ADMISSION 10c and 15c.
ADMISSION 10cnd 15c
TO
ORDER
To $20
Remember, these suits
are made from genuine
$25 materials.
Every thread guaran
teed Strictly All Wool
with a satisfactory fit or
your money back.
WE WAKE A SPECIALTY OF
LADIES' ALTERATIONS.
D. H. Evans
BREWERY GULCH
Opposite Uncle Jim's
CONSCRIPTIO
is not necessary with. customers who have tried us, as
VOL UNTEER
to have us make their clothes, after finding the service
they have been looking for in the way their clothes are
tailored. You will get individuality when you have your
clothes made by us. We draft you a special pattern,
giving you distinction in style and correctness in fit to
every body measurement. AH or our suits cut, fit tried
on in the bastings, insuring not an approximate fit
but an exact fit.
The concerns that quote lower prices than ours can't
possibly give you the same exacting, dependable service
the same careful workmanship---the same highgrade
all-wool linings.
Drop in and have a look at our. woolens and see for
yourself that Quality counts. '
Quality Tailors
MAIN STREET
N
they 1
1 'w
SUNDAY DINNER I
English Kitchen, consisting of Fresh '
Oyster soup. Chicken Fricasse, Combi
nation Salad. Sugar Corn, Choice of.
Pie. Pudding or Ice' Cream and drink.
All for fifty cents. . Adv-930 ,
TO ALL MASONS.
Funeral of our late Bro. E. L. Gib
son, will be reld from Masonic temple,
Monday, 2 p. m.
N. C. BLEDSOE, W. M.
B. T. WATK1N3. Sec.
Advertisement-923
CENTRAL TIEATlE
Fruitman Fashionable Ladies' Tail
ors specializing in w 'omen's suits. Furs .
of every description relined and" re-1
modeled. Phone Black 798, opposite
Y. M. C. A. Adv-766.
Stock up ith coal while stocking is
fe'Jod. B. T. S. & Coal Co. 1 949
NOTICE.
Mrs. L. A. Armstrong who has here
tofore conducted the C. & A. boarding
house, has sold out .her interest to
Mary K. Barney and Helena K. Smith
who will conduct the business in the
future, assume all responsibility and
accounts against said boarding bouse
from this date on. Da.ed. October 21st.
Royal' Theatre
Special Sunday Features Today With a Selected Concert Bv
"MARTIN'S ROYAL ORCHESTRA"
Continuous Performance, 12 to 11 P. M.
PROGRAM
One of the Famous "O. HENRY" Stories
'THE DEFEAT OF THE CITY"
(In Four Supherb Acts!
Featuring Agnes Eyre and Frank Grendon.
HELEN GIBSON
."A DAUGHTER OF DARING"
A Sensational Railroad Story of Thrilling Adventure.
If the Doctor has told you not to laugh, don't stay to see this comedy
It's a Scream.
Program Changes Daily Continuous Performance. 12 to 11 P. M.
GET THE ROYAL HABIT WEAR THE ROYAL SMILE
Every Program Personally Guaranteed to the Extent of the Price of
Admission. .
PRICES ALWAYS THE SAME 10c AND 15c
PRICES ALWAYS THE SAME 10c AND 15c
1917.
Adv-947
TODAY
CONTINUOUS STARTING' 1 O'CLOCK CONTINUOUS TO 11 O'CLOCK
TODAY
FIRST SHOW STARTS 1 O'CLOCK. OVER AT 2:45, GIVING MEN AMPLE TIME TO SEE ENTIRE SHOW
Rrmpp r.niMr. ov;hipt
Dr. Playfatr, Osteopath. 98 Maston
rilllk Mason car stop. Pbone Blue 647.
dr. 231
Are you planning to take the Re-
view? Subscribe NOW. Read the list
I of boys who are working for the Re
r view cash prizes, given for the great
' est number of new subscriptions.
That Wonderful
Drama of the Day
and Hour the
Play That Will
Thrill the Spine of
America. A Play
That Will Awaken
the Patriotism of
all true Americans
h. ' c-
I.
t i . 4 '
-a
'1
' J
4, ?!
t
ComingTomorow
The first of the Great Art
craft Pictures.
lary Pickford
It will pay you to nave us check the
electrical system on your car. Lob
man Wright, Lowell. Adv.-360
I See your carrier Two dollars for
I three months three months for $2.00
: Review.
Three months for $2.00 Review.
See your carrier.
-IN
I
t- -i
EMILY STEVENS m'THE SLACKER"
e roe
of The Glen
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
Stage Line.
Tbe original Tombstone stage leaves
dally at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
CochI.se Motor Co., Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time dally. Night tele
phone. Green 368. 978
(Advertisement)
Stop
ThicT
BY GEORGE M. COHAN
October 22nd and 23rd
ORPHEUM THEATRE
GIVEN UNDER AUSPICES OF THE
B.P. Q. ELKS
ADMISSION 71k AND $1.00
Tickets can be exchanged at Ball's Drug Store Friday morning,
October 19th, for reserved seats.
RockhiU's stage Bisbee-Tombstone.
Leaves Bisbee Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a,
m., 1:30 p.m. Leaves' Tombstone Ar
lington hotel 10 a. m. S p. m. 7 passen
ger cars. Careful drivers. Phones, Bis
bee 5. Tombstone 88.
I Expert paper hanger and painter. C
I J. Brandt. Pbone 456. Box 150. 680
METRO'S SPECIAiL PRODUCTION DELUXE
' IN 7 ACTS
a
i&L si
THE PLAY THAT MAKES PATRIOTS
ADMISSION 15 AND 25 CENTS
ADMISSION 15 AND 25 CENTS
CUT FLOWERS
For sale, Mark P. John, Lowell.
Advertisement-804
CUT FLOWERS
For sale, Mark P. John, Lowell.
Advertisement-804
When your tooth aches, see a den
tist. When your battery is ailing, see
battery experts. Willard Service Sta
tion, Lowell. Adv.-360
Review being offered to new sub
scribers for $2.00, 3 months. Look this
up.' Help some boy win $50-00.
Two dollars for three months
view. See your carrier.
-Re-
Football.
Eleventh field artillery vs. C. and A.,
Warren Park, Sunday, 2:30 p. m. 853
The LaCorona Corset made to meas
ure, non-rusting steeU, self adjusting
back sheath lace front. If urgtnt can
fill order in 10 days by calling on Mrs.
Gilmore. 81 School Hill, Miss Moore's
apartOMJats.' Agent will call at your
residence. Adv 533
KURT2MANN PIANOS $400
No interest. W. Mulr, Bisbee Music
store. Adv-672
'i " SUNDAY DINNER
English Kitchen, consisting of Fresh
Oyster soup. Chicken Fricasse. Combi-1
1 nation Salad, Sugar Corn. Choice of J
I Pie, Pudding or Ice Cream and drink, j
ALL GERMAN CANALS
TO BE MILITARIZED
All for fifty cents.
Adv-930
I
AMSTERDAM, Oct. 20. Measure
are being taken in Gtrmany fur ths
militarization of all canals arid inland
waterways. Owners of vessels on in
land waterways will be obliged to of
r .
fer transport facilities according to
a flxf'd schedule of rates.
This plan, it is stated, will remain
in force for the duration of the ex
ceptional circumstances of war econo
my. During the transition period afl.T
the declaration of peace, the control
will continue (or the transport of the
returning troops and war material, as
well as the exported vast Increase of
business traffic, will strain to the ut
most all ruran.i of transport.
Business Locals
The regular Tuesday and Friday
night dances at Graves' Dancing Acad
emy. BroDhy Hall, Lowell, will be dis
continued until Warren Park dance I
are closed. Instructions still gWn '
daily. Ad-.'. 604 j
IF YOU CAN'T SLIP YOUR TIE IN
YOUR COLLAR, SEND YOUR LAUN
DRY TO US. STANDARD LAUNDRY
PHONE 57. Adv-638
CUT FLOWERS
For sale. Mark P. John, Lowell.
AdveVtisenient-804
Maternity Home, Mason Hill, con
sult your physician. Call 573 Black
for terms etc. Adv. 559
BEFORE YOU BUY, VISIT TOV
REA'S MARKETS AND COMPARE
PRICES AND QUALITY. Adv-638
SUNDAY DINNER
English Kitchen, consisting of Fresh
Oyster soup. Chicken Fricasse, Combi
nation Sulad. Sunar Com, Choice of
Tie, Pudding or Ice Cream and drink.
All for fifty cents. Adv-930
Fruitmnn Fashionable Tailors spec
ializing in women's suits. Furs of
every description relined and remod
eled. Phone Black 798, opposite V. M.
C. A. Adv-766
R. R. WATCH INSPECTORS
Promjit repairing, careful workman
ship, " courteous treatment. Lowell
Jewelry SlAp. Adv. 886
L. L. Gilman sells the New Edison.
" the phonograph with a soul.
Dr. fed ward Colinan, chiropractor
and osteopath. Rheumatism and ner
vousness a specialty. Office, Cottace
Home, 85 Maine St. 687
Dr. Helene T. Webb, has opened 'of
fices for the practice of chiropody,
scalp treatement and manicuring in
the Letson hf.tol. Especial attention
to women uul chil'Iren. Adv-952
BEFORE YOU BUY, VISIT TOV
REA'S MARKETS AND COMPARE
PRICES AND QUALITY. Adv-638
THE PIE SHOP.
Across the street from the Masonic
temple, upper Main streeL Try our
delicious cooked fcods to take home
with you. Orders taken for cakes
and pies, the kind that melt In your
mouth. Luncheon service from 11:30
to 6. Adv-729
Dr. E. It. Carpenter, Eye, Ear, Nose
8nd Throat. Douglas every Wednes
day. Office, Room No. 19, Megtilre
Building 476
SELECT DANCE
Every Sunday night, Pythian Castle, O.
K. street. Invitations obtained from
Committee or at the door. Adv 674
Review is offering $50.00 to boy se
curing the greatest number of new
subscribers. Subscribe now.
Dance by the C. ft A. band at Wan
ren Park every Wednesday and Sat
urday. Admission fifty cents. Ladles
free. 19J
THIS WILL BE A REAL PLEASURE i
AND BENEFIT. 1
Odd Fellows' hall, Thursday night.
Oct. 25 Is the time, aid the event i
dance for Home Building Fund of Jhe ;
Knights of Pythias, and the certainty!
oneof the m'Jstenjoyable evenings for 1
on of the best purposes that YOU have
ever had anything to do with. Ad-!
mission JJ., ladies free. Good music;
Be there. Adv-928 ,
Croup.
If your children ate subject to crimp j
get a bottle of Chamberlain's Cough
Remedy, and when the attack comes j
on be careful to follow the plain print- :
cd directions You will be surprised
at the quick relief which it affords. !
Mrs. Smith Recommends Chamber
lain's Tablets.
"I have had omre or less stomach
trouble for eight 'or ten-years," writes
Mrs. G. H. Smith. Brewerton. X. V.
"When suffering from attacks of indi
gestion and heaviness after eating, one
or two of Chamberlain's Tablets have
always relieved me. I have also found
them a pleasant laxatiev." These tab
lets tone up the stomach and enable it
to perform Us functions naturally. If
you are troubled with indigestion give
:hem a trial, get well and stny well.
Advertisement.
REVIEW WANT ACS
BRING RESULTS.
Avertisement.
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
LOST Black enamel four leaf clover
pin. set with pearls, with gold baik.
Return to Review office. Mm
WW
I MINING
SECTION
SOCIETY
1
SECTION
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRE88
VOL 20. No. 116.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 21, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
V
i
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
Warren District
Looks Better Than
For Some Months
RUSSIAN DICTATOR IS POPULAR WITH MEN AT FRONT
Optimism Regarding the Possibilities of Denn Development
Not Overdone. Leasers and Small Operators Hurrying
Their Work Ahead. Calumet and Cochise Shaft Work of
Copper Queen Is Interesting Subject
More miners are at work, more ore going out and more development being
picked up every day in the Warren district. The gain in the underground
forces has been particularly satisfactory recenUy, both in point of efficiency
and nember of men. Competent miners among the latter are in highe rper
centage than at any time since June.- The influx from the cold winter states
has set in and will constantly improve conditions. Unskilled men put on in
July are also adding to the strength of the competent division and from
this time on will gain efficiency rapidly.
In development divisions all of the producing companies are coming back
satisfactorily to the handling of work temporarily put aside under the ?ner
gency conditions of July and will soon be doing the normal monthly averae.e
In the developing properties and on leases there are, practically, full shifts
operating. The Wolverine and Higglns are crowding considerable work along
as rapidly as they can, each with the prospect of developing important
things. Each is. In the meantime, continuing shipments, the Wolverine
getting about three cars a week to the smelter and Higgins a car a day.
Higgins'drift, below the big stope, will establish a mine for this property
in Uie event it gets the ore they have been stoping above and to which the
formation the drift is now in is favorable. Wolverine has the opportunity to
make a mine through the Broken Promise shaft in which it is now sinking.
Indeed, it looks very much like a certainty that one of the prime ore bodies
of the district will be opened here.
Much Comment Heard.
Some comment has been heard concerning the optimistic view taken of
Denn in this column last week. That a 5,000,000 pound the month production
should be considered a possibility for the property, in view of the fact that
Shattuck has not in the past reached the 2,060,000 pound mark, appears to be
the basis of most of the criticism. Many and more striking things have hap
pened in the Warren district than production of 5,000,000-pounds the month
from Denn would present. When C. & A. Irish Mag shaft started, the
w iter who might have predicted its subsequent production, which made up
to near 5,000,000 in one month, would have been considered in Btsbee as a
candidate for an insane asylum. In 1912 this paper was looged upon in that
way when it predicted that some time Sacramento hill would be found to
carry metal values warranting Bteam shoveling, and that it would be so
mined. The item was the occasion for a general laugh down in the Gulch,
where people looked to the top of the mountain and asked tew any one
could ever expect somebody else to get up there with a steam shovel or any
of the appurtenances theretoeven should there be ore worth mining in the
hill. Today there are locomotives to ride on up to the top of the hill, and
if the wayfarer prefers to go by other conveyances he will find a perfectly
good automobile path close to the crest. Also there are something more
than 12.000,000 tons r ore located in the hill and it is going to be steam
shoveled out very soon. Denn presents no more refractory front to optimistic
predictions, certainly, than did Sacramento hill. Indeed, there is no com
parison, f
Engineers have been agreed for a long time that Denn Is one of the
most promising copper properties in Arizona and that if it makes good there
will be no half way measures about Its returns to those who give of their
faith. If Verde Extension, it might be further suggested, after 17 years
of heartbreaking prospecting and development, was able within one year of
the time that they at last reached into the rich ore to output at the rate ot
better than 2,000,000 pounds of copper the month and has within three years
slipped up to the neighborhood of 5,000.000 pounds, it is hardly fair to !ay
that Denn, always looked upon as a big property, cannot rightly entertain
the possibility of 5,000,000 pounds the month production regardless of what
Shattuck or any other mine may have done. tA that, Shattuck has not had
to hold to her comparatively small output. Any time they might have been
minded to put down another shaft they could have more than doubled up
on output. ,
That they did not do so was In pursuance of a business policy that has
been very satisfactory to all concerned in its geenral results and with which
there is no room for criticism.
Dividend Country Drying Up. '
Mining &nd development work is again being pushed in the Dividend
country of the Copper Queen. It had been more or less slowed up for the
last few weeks, owing to the heavy rains of August and early September.
During the storms, when millions of gallons of water rushed down the
hillsides, a great amount of water got in to the mines. It poured through
the chutes and into the Dividend country, which is located under the slag
dump and adjacent ground. The result was that the ore was fine mush,
whirh resembled, more than anything else, a flowing mud. It was nearly,
impossible In spots to mine this.
Where slicing was the mining method used the water did not hurt the
stopes, but where square setting was the vogue, the ore had to be allowed
time to dry out
Development and Improvements.
Developments in the Copper Queen mines are entirely satisfactory. New
finds or ore have been made or late, but noth'ng of any great novelty o rsrze.
In the line of general improvement the company Is rushing several build
ings to completion and also adding better facilities in others.
The assay office and laboratory building of the Queen is fast being put
in condition where it can be occupied. Owing to the Impending activities,
du to the mining of Sacramento hill, a much larger assay office was neces-
' Arrow points to Kerunsky among his soldier.
Whatever antagonism there may be to Kerensky's management of the Russian government among the
upper classes, there is little among the proletariat. Kerensky is extremely popular with the peasants and he is
idolized by the soldiers. The photo, taken during Kerensky's latest visit to the front, shows the dictator
laughing and joking with a group of common soldiers, in this way proving to them that he is a real democrat
sary. More samples and much larger'
ones will be the order of the day when ;
the hill starts going through -the mill
and before. To this end the new of-!
fice, located, near the Lowell shaft,
is a fine, big structure. Excavations!
for the drying and crushing plants are !
also completed. ' ,
At the Uncle Sam shaft the com-;
pany is adding to its bathroom facili-j
MANY
COMPANIES
NEW STRIKES ARE ! NET REVENUES OF
REPORTED DAILY COPPER CONCERNS
IN MAYER REGION IS BIG QUESTION
Binghampton Copper Com
pany Rushes Its Work andj
is Producing Regularly. En
tire District is Looking Bet-ter.
Net Revenues of Chino Cop
per Company May be Great
ly Reduced Through Excess
Profits Tax of Government.
i
Just how the operations of the new
i war revenue bill and the government's
MAYER. Ariz,. Oct. 20. New strikes 23 H'cent cPPe' Pe will affect the
. ... net revenues of the copper producers
In the copper mines around Mayer are , ;.. ... . . '
H question serious v aeitatinr th
almost a daily occurrence. The Ari-
zona-Binghampton company Is develop-
minds of copper shareholders.
Until some uniform, sharply
de-
ing several levels In a very promising j fined ruling on or interpretation o:
mine east of Mayer five miles and
the latest news brought to camp this
week is the strike of 40 feet of ore on
the 500-foot level in an uprai.se from
the 600-foot level. This new strike
again proves the depth of the ore bod
ies in the Yavapai schist. Of the 40
feet of ore, 25 feet will average 9 per
cent copper and 15 feet will run 3 per
cent. In new work on the 600 level,
the extension of the new strike is ex
pected to be encountered at any shot.
There is practically no doubt but that !
invested capital" as relating to min
ing concerns is had. It will be diffi
cult to estimate with accuracy ju-t
what exemption will be permitted in
deteminlng the taxable revenues.
Then again mining' companies aro
allowed to make some deductions from
taxable net earnings on account of de
preciation of plant and to compensate
for ore exhaustion. In other word,
some recognition is to be made of th
fact that mining dividends are not
wholly a distribution of profits to an
the big ore body will be found to be 'important degree a return of capital
In place on the 600 level for the vein i issued against a wasting or liquidal
has grown stronger and better grade ling enterprise.
ir
em
HOUSES
at every level. There is ore on every
level from the 100 to the 500. which
will give a much larger tonnage than
is being broken at the present time for
the flotation milL
The next strike of importance in the
How far the government will allow
the mining companies' accounts to g.
in the matter of these various offse's
cannot be determined at this early
stage.
Nevertheless, It is worth while with
FOR THEIR MINERS
tages for Their Comfort. (
ties and also to the number of lock-
era there. j
Sacramento Hill. I
Tracks have almost been com-:
pleted to the top of Sacramento hill!
and will be within a very few days. '
One of the big shovels was taken on 1
Friday to A line, the track leading)
to the upper bench of .the hill, and !
it is expected that a second shovel j
will be taken there the first part ofi
this week. necessary readjustment of plans,
When the two earth eaters get to , caused deIay dur,ng the 8Umnler of be
the top the amount of dirt moved will ;
increase very materially. So far the.glnninB of house construction in dif
Bteam shovel operations have been j ferent mining districts which it has
largely preparatory to the principal i been estimated will make, when car
work in the future that of digging ried out, saving of more than $150,000
down through the capping to the ore.' annually to mine employes living in
. of millions of dollars during the last
: few years by the mining companies In
Arizona to the end of improving work
' ing conditions for their employes un
derground and in mechanical plants on COppers has been announced by Mine; the information at hand to attempt
;top. me aggregate expenditures Superintendent Ferguson at the Cop- some sort of a calculation in order to
: which have been made in the several per Queen mine adjoining the Bing-Jsee where the stockholder gets o:f
j larBe mining districts of the state in hampton In a drift running south ! after the government gets through
; improving mine ventilation through from the shaft gray copper ore was j with him. Such a calculation we hav
the installation of much increased encountered unexpectedly which will i made respecting Chino Copper,
compressor capacity, big fans and n,n about 13 per cent copper. The! This conmanv has S70.0"0 shares, a
; other devices, alone represent an enor- drift is to be continued another 100 I cost of 10 cents per pound, a produc-
f!nrmr Prrvriirr In trie Slat ' m0U8 SUm" Power PlanU ,n several feet, at which point the ore shoot was ! tion of 80,000.000 pounds per annuT.
opper rroaucere in uie oiauTj jastances have been practically rebuilt expected. At this point, a cross-cut ! and an estimated "life' of 2S yer.rs.
of Arizona are Aiding Their anl newly equipped In order to get wiu be run east, which should open j Irs "invested capital" is assumed to
FmnlnvM L r " ' tne desired service in the air division up the best portion of the mine as in- be Its total resources less current n
tmpioyes Dy Erecting Ol- of the mines. . i aicat-d by the surface outcroo. The '. debtedness. or I21.5o0.000.
I Millions of dollars have been ex- copper Queen is developing into one I With this as a starter the following
i natwleri In nthpr HfrApttnna havinf for v, i . n.nnn.tn i . i i i t , . i i .
f - o ui iiiv; uv:t V1 upt-i Lira iu me iiuyeriis ue'iucm.
i their purpose highe sanitations and district. The further development of Estimated 1317 invested
Settlement of working forces and ! generally improved working condt- the lowest levels, where the new strike J capital J21.5OV0OO
tlons. barety devices nave Deen in- has lust been made. Is eiuected to . Estimated 1917 net Inc. of
11.000,000 allowed for ore
exhaustion . . 12.000.0'to
9 per cent deduction, plus
$3000 1.9:13.000
Income subject t o excess
profits tax . u. 10.OW.000
the graduated tax levies
All of the equipment, excepting six: rented houses In Arizona.
locomotives, is now on the ground. ! Much of this work has lately been
Seven locomotives are here as are picked up, as conditions have read-
stalled as fast as they have come out'open D DOdies of higher grade, which
and found approval at the hands, of will again prove the permanency ol
practical men. Thousands of feet of the ore veins In the schist,
work through rock have been done In , At the Butternut mine, owned by
making continuous connections be- the Big Ledge company, drifting is in
tween underground workings; in In- progress at the 425-foot level on th-
pros
stalling teiepnone ana eiectnc ngni rjth vein which was cross-cut 15 feet Applying the graduated tax
service and in protecting light and near the shaft The ore at that ooint we have the followine:
also five large and one small shovel.
Fifty ore cars are also in readiness
for a maximum amount of work.
Mill Forecasts.
The flow sheet has practically been
power lines put la me mines to carry ran between 8 and 10 per cent copper. I 20 per cent on difference between
out betterment plans. Power wires The drift is being run to determine 1 amount of deduction and 15 per cent
have replaced many steam lines, for length of the shoot. How wide it; on invested capital, viz., amount uxet.
instance, thus accomplishing much In is has not been determined with the. J1.2S7.000; amount of tax J257.000.
the abatement of heat underground, cross-cut. On the 300 level, the same! 25 per cent on amount between 15
The total cost of the improvement ' ore body 8 4S feet wjde, so it is ex- j per cent and 20 per cent of invested
work for the benefit of mines and em- pected that when the cross-cut is run j capital, vis., amount taxed, $1,075,000;
ployes, and about which there has;acrosa at the iowest ievel there will j amount of tax. $26S.730.
been practically no publicity and con- revealed one of the biggest orej 35 per cent on amount between 20
sequently small opportunity for public ( bodies in the county. The officers of per cent and 25 per cent of invested
appreciation, comprises an Item that the company are expected to arrive capital, viz.. amount taxed. $1,075.00";
until the heavy advances in federal i trom puuth in a few days, when work amount of tax. $37fi.250.
taxes came along represented increase wiu be r.gUmed at both mines and i 45 per cent on amount between 23
in the cost of producing copper in the;the construction of the smelter. I ner cent and 33 per cent of invested
....... u. J 1- ... .u I ....... - .
nal rentals. These houses will go up 11 s scluuu -"" 'lcuI The Consolidated Arizona company capital, amount taxed. $1,720,000;
in the vicinity of the new concentrator!0' increase made bv tne voluntary ad- ,s not ging aDOUt lts develop- amount ot tax. $774.00. ,
site and will provide housing for such 1 vanL'39 in wKes. beginning early In ' mfDt work at the Bhle BeU mlMw b,lt! 60 per cent on amount in excess of
justed to near normal and the labor
necessary to house construction has
become available. It is now being
carried on as rapidly as possible, but
by reason of other work which fell
hohfnrt dnrlnir tha ct.i'Vo nji.i a
agreed upon by the Copper Queen for craftsmen cannot be t0 Jt R'
liberally as otherwise.
The Copper Queen in the Warren
district had the plans prepared for
construction of a large number of mod
ern cottages for employes at nomi
use in its mm to be erected, in an
probability, on the south side of the
hill, east of Don Luis. Nearly all
other plans are complete and early
work on the big plant may be ex
pected. Calumet and Cochise Shaft.
Copper Queen has two objects in
putting down tne taiumei anu . o- 0f the concentrator workers as desiro ,
chise shaft. This, working, many to takp advantage f the opportunity
years old. is located an the recently At Jerome tne Un,ted Verde ant,
acquired Warren ground, on the north- Verde Extension each had expected
east side of the mountain, south of to have hllit bv thIa ft n-h,r
W arren. cf houses, the Verde near the outlet '
Shaft work has alreacy been start- of ltg big haulage tunnel, to which ;
ed in the old workings. The work the railroad ,s t0 be lifted froml
there at the present time consists of ciarkdale, and .the Extension at its!
a shaft of unknown depth, two and ew smeitpr ite flnd , ,h vi..nitv
1913
Jerome Paying
Miami Scale of
Wages to Miners
locally there is considerable to be. 33 per cent of invested capital, amount
heard of what may be expected in the taxed. $4,905,000; amount of lax.
drift that will soon be started north-' $2,943,000.
ward !rom the 1200-foot level, which Total tax. $4,619,000.
Is 200 feet deeper than the main I The above tax of $4,619,000 (over 3S
workings on the 1000 level. The fact per cent of net profits Is equal to
that bunches of chalcocite copper have $5.30 per share. Assuming net profits
been coming in at the 1000 workings this year of $14 per share, there re-
would indicate a higher grade of ore ' mains a divisable balance of $S.7
JEROME. Oct 20. Notwithstanding , when the ore bodies are opened Into against current dividends at the rate
a hair compartments in wiatn. ine of tne m,ne at Jerome Both pians reports in different parts of the Btatej200 feet deeper The ore bins at the of $10 per share,
compartments are small. wln foiIow more or ie89 that carried '; that Jerome mines are paying miners! Blue Bell siding are being enlarged i On a 23-ent copper market, as-
The, present work constitutes of re- out by the united Verde at Ciarkdale, I $6 the day, and a number of Inquiries for holding a reserve of 1500 to 2000;8uming same production and cots.
timbering the shaft. When the bot- itg pniPjter ctyi where desirable j recently as to the truth of such re-! tons. At the present time both the Chino should earn about $12 per share
torn of the shaft is reached it prom- homes have been provided for more port, the fact remains that Jerome Is; Blue Bell and the DeSoto mines coull j before war taxes and $7 after the gov-
Ises to be the Intention of the com- thfm 1000 peope under very advan-i paying the Miami profit sharing "cop-! furnish a much larger tonnage than , ernment has been settled with,
pany to begin sinking a three co.n-i taEeoua conditions. Nominal rentals peK wage scale for 26 cent copper. can be handled at the company's smel-. .
partmcnt shaft. At the same time, cr I wU1 prevail with an Ule new buid. which means that miners are receiving: ter at Humbodlt.
subsequently, the upper part of the . M Glob and Miaml the COtu- $5.15 the day. Nothing could be of more impor
shaft will be enlarged to conform to panIes bad house construction of con-1 While reports have been circulated tance to this section than the" opening
me lower pan. 1 slderable extent planned along siml
jn aauiuon 10 opening up a pari, oi
lar linen and nrennmtinim had been
Warren country the shaft is expected made for considerable company build
to produce more than enough, water to ,n(f at Morencl and CHfton.
supply tne Dig nun. wmcn win De 10
cated on the other side of the hill
from the shaft.
Ray Copper company more or less
inaugurated the modern company
house building plan several years ago.
depth of 425 feet Is very high across
a big face, which would indicate that
.i ...in v . . . i .!.;.. .1 . . ;..
elsewhere that Jerome was paying the! up of . big body of ore at the 1200-, 1" ' "
. . i-i ; m uit i i. . bodies of this class of ore, tne cnai-
so wage, reports nave Deen curreui "v u uc,
The work at the Calumet and Co-'8,nce when ft bag 8aved hundreds ot
in this district that other csmps were the deepest shaft in this district,
paying $6. It is presumed that these, Should there be developed a large per
reports have their origin in the efforts cenune or copper giance
nf nersmnH desirous of creatine dirt-' chalcopyrite. It would be
satisfaction. Inquiries made by local a most remarkable discovery. The
mining company officials of official, copper mines that are producing in!
that nowt
cnise win do watcneo wun more man thousands of dollars to Its workers
ordinary Interest, for the development , renU Ray rentalg e nomlMl
will be made on a Copper Queen scale f comfortable, neat and attractive
and will tend to go fa,r toward Prov- houaes wUh gewer connection, electric' the 26-cent meUl wage being paid. This in the
ing, one way or anottier. mat part or .. . . watpr connectlon. Miami rate is voluntary,
the Warren district. Copper and Inspiration also
1 iniado good beginning in affording em
copyrite, that will run Into a shipping
grade entirely.
:.. i 1 . . . a ( . n
with tha ' owners nu uave pruiiriuc in
considered Ule vicinity of these producing mines.
and ttey are many, are sitting tignt
knowing that it is only a question of
a little time before big capital will
enter the district. There are many
sources In other raining districts; this district so rar are considered j
i I.-.. .. .i.u ho. ii.f.rmlnmt lareelv low erode Drooosltlons. with an '
uiruuguum iu - ' . .j(!in ki. minea
mere is a scaie nigner man ucia.c i yci inn .yH-. '- - , : , .
Binghampton, Copper Queen
that are just as promising, lacking
only thorough development work to
- tum r,vAvnmAnt nnH StliiA Tm ttA rhararter nf the ore
. . T .. .. . f nlnfA Ihpm In the nrrvurinr class.
British shipyards last week launched ployes with advantages in house rent
more tonnage than Germans sank
dicating speeding up of construction
which has trkei- nlace In oast few accommodations at nominal cost Is a
months. J natural step following the expenditure
h.v: nmtnt nrlro fienre is onlv 25 ceiiU. Is changing, there being eonusu cop-
per glance and gray copper mixed in j
Singer Fewing Machine company j wun tne cnaii-opyrue to indicate mail
Ten German vessels, with an aggre-
IKVJ puiyes Willi HUauifci-3 iu uuimu n-ufc- k ...p. 1 ... :
in- ing opportunity and plan much more. factory at l'odolsk. Russia, near Mos-; greater depth will undoubtedly bring gate tonnage of 4....2 groM. axe la
'tion' Affording of the improved surface! cow, employing 3700 operatives, has in a great deal more of this higher; Peruvian ports and eight others or a
f..l.,.,.mmH,Hnn at nominal rrt Is a been closed, due to workmen's de- grade. Iu the Butternut mine the total f 42,652 tons r In ports or
been closed, due to workmen s
mands and losses caused by war.
grade. Iu the Butternut mine the total or 42,663 tons r in pons oc
grade of chalcopyrite at the shallow : Uruguay. TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 21, 1917.
SHALL OPERATOR
BECOMING MORE
IMPORTANT DAILY
Smelter Records Showing That j
the Importance of the Les-I
ser Mine Owner is Greater
Than Ever Before.
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Oct. 20. Smelter
records provide proof'of the fact that
the lesser and small mine operator is
climbing very rapidly to advanced im
portance in the metal producing in
dustry. Increased energy, incentive for
which has been found in high metal
prices, and greater care in grading
ore for shipment, together with free
dom he has enjoyed in large meas
ure from the hindrance of labor trou
bles, has put the small shipper in dif
ferent light during the last several
months and given him a start that
appears certain of securing him a
permanent way of ascendency. Mu
tual advantages attend to shipper and
smelter.
Smelters and individual ore purchas
ing agencies in this city are at the
present time receiving shipments fiom
more than one hundred . small ship
pers. The metals sent in cover a
wide range. Among those included
are increasing shipments of manga
nese, molybdenum and tungsten. Cop
per, lead and silver, however, make up
the bulk of the values.
With his demonstration of larger
usefulness the leaser is coming into
constantly greater favor with the own
ers of mining properties. Many who
in former years declined to consider
the making of leases are now among
the advocates of the system, finding
that it not only affords means of in
creasing output of wre. but that with
reasonable care in making lease terms
there is fair certainty of mutually ad
vantageous development of the ground
taken over. It is probable that some
of the biggest ore bodies in the state
are now being put in the way of open
ing by the endeavors of leases, who
will profit well bey their operations
and at the same time give the ground
owner a great deal more than bar
gained for.
While the big company smelters in
he state have had their share of cus
tom ore shipment? this year and for
a tiine were unable to handle all that
was tendered them, the plants which
have benefited to lareest extent and
in turn have assisted in the largest
degree with the development of new
areas, are those confining themselves
in most part to custom ore treatment.
The Sasco smelter of the American
Smelting & Refining Co. and the Hum
boldt smelter of the Consolidated Ari
zona Smelting company are the two
most notable Arizona examples. Each
of these plants has extended large
benefits this year in its areas, through
seeking and making market for new
ore production and giving encourage
ment in large measure to small opera
tors. Both smelters have found in
creases in capacity necessary, and
both at the present time have consid
erable construction work underway.
Humboldt increases in equipment will
represent expenditure of more than
two million dollars when completed.
Affording a hint of what Sasco has ac
complished in bringing about develop-
it t&l iy& I ' '--Ir 'Vji 01 zvzg: i ires tftat take your car "over the &Y.Wl?';.t :'va
grew hfm
: & I U
i 1 a v.f- - i - -ft : . . i
Text of Senate
Resolution Over
Claims Is Given
Many residents of Cochise county
who own unpatented mining claims are
interested in the recent action of con
gress exempting them from assess
ment - work for the next two years.
Senator Henry F. Ashurst has sent a
copy of the joint senate resolution
which covers this question.
The resolution in full is as follows.
Unsolved by the senate and house
of representatives of the United States
of America in congress assembled.
That in order that labor may be most
effectively used in raising and produc
ing those things needed in the prose
cution of the present war with Ger
many, that the provision of section
2324 of the revised statutes of the
United States which requires on each
mining claim located, and until a pat
ent has been issued therefor, not less
than. $100 worth of labor to be per
formed or improvements to be made
during each year, be, and the same is
hereby suspended during the years
1017 and 191S. Provided, that every
claimant of any such mining claim in
order to obtain the benefits of this
resolution shall file or cause to be
filed' in the office where the location
notice or certificate is recorded on or
before December 31, of earn of the
years 1917 and 191 S, a notice of his
desire to hold said mining claim un
der this resolution. Provided further,
that this resolution shall not apply to
oil placer locations or claims.
This resolution shall not be deemed
to amend or repeal the public resolu
tion entitled "Joint resolution to re
lieve the owners of mining claims who
have, been mustered into the military
or naval service of the United States
as officers or enlisted men from per
forming assessment work during the
term of such service," approved July
17, 1917.
Approved, October S, 1917.
GOGERNORS AT DEMING.
(I5y Review Leased Wire.)
NEMING, JC. M., Oct. 19. Camp
Cody, the national guflrd cantonment
here, today was visited by Governors
E. E. Lindsey of New Mexico and J.
A. A. Burnquint of Minnesota. The
governors inspected the camp, looked
after the interests of troops from
their respective States, visited the
Carranza border patrol at Columbus,
X. M., and left tonight. Governor P-urn-quist
tor St. Paul and Governor Lind
sey for Santa Fe.
Governor Burnquist said he had
heard no complaints and the troops
from Minnesota had told him they
were satisfied with their treatment
and conditions at the camp.
Sour Stomach. i
East slowly, masticate your fjod ;
thoroughly, abstain from meat for a
few days and in most cases the sour ;
stomach will disappear. If it does not, ;
take one of Chamberlain's Tatyets im-'
uietiiately after supper. Red meats are
most likely to cause sour stomach and
you may Cud it best to cut them out. ,
Avertisenient.
i
ment in its hipping area is the fact
that extension of the railroad from
Silver Bell is to be made at once, ore
opened on a number of properties be
ing sufiicit-nt in quantity and quality
to determine the advisability of ex
tension of transportation service, re-'
gardless of present high cost of all con
snuction materials.
!Si'li . "Over the Top
i " . v -'" ': '. ';. ' '. i-"' ; I Sfrnh viiT nriur;iri-i'th.nrefhina!
REPORT DENIED
OF INFLUENCES
FROM THE ENEMY
Officer of the Minerals Separa
tion Co. Denies Report That
j His Company was Working
for German Interests.
The effort has been made in certain
quarters to spread broadcast the ru
mor that the Mineials Separation com
pany, now in litigation with seVeral
prominent mining companies over the
question of patent infringement, was
backed by German capital or was at
least dominated by German interests.
The rumor seems to have originated
in the Cobalt, Canada, mining district,
where several mining companies are
alleged to be infringing the Minerals
Separation company's patent and wish
to continue their infringement without
molestation.
In response to our Inquiry concern
ing the truth or falsity of these "Ger
man" rumors, President Ballot of the
Minerals Separation company says:
"Rumorg have been circulated to the
effect that Minerals Separation- North
American corporation is dominated 'or
controlled by German influences.
These rumors are absolutely and un
qualifiedly false. There is no alien
enemy ownership, control or influence
in the affairs of this corporation,
whieu are entirely managed and con
trolled by a board of three directors,
viz: John Ballot and Dr. S. 'Gregory,
British subjects residing in New York,
and Frank Aluchul, an American citi
zen .and lieutenant of ordnance in the
American army, who is a partner in
the well known banking firm of La
zard Freres. The certificate holders
of the corporation are all British sub
jects or American citiiens.
"Tiie basis of these rumors appears
to be a connection no longer existing,
arising out of a contract made during
1913 with Beer, Sondheimer & Co.,
of Frankfort, Germany, when Great
Britain and Germany were at peace,
whereby the American branch of that
firm became the sole American agents
for our predecessor. Minerals Sepa
ration American Syndicate (1913) Ltd.,
a British corporation. This agreement
was made for a period of ten years, but
on the outbreak of the war the con
nection with the Frankfort firm. was
immediately discontinued, while that
with the American branch was con
tinued by special license; and consent
of the British government, and re
mained effective till December, 1916,
when, upon the formation of Minerals
Separation North American corpora
tion, it was terminated.
"From early 1914 onwards the com
pany was directly' represented in the
United States of America by its direc
tors and since the .formation of the
Amerhain corporation it has at all
times managed and controlled its own
affairs without any intermediary or
agent." Boston News Bureau.
Claim for exemption from draft ol
Edsel Ford, son of Henry Ford, was
not made by him but by the Ford Mo
tor company, whose attorney states
that young Mr. Ford's presence is vital
to the business of the company, which
is doing considerable government
work.
Strenh, viiT.,endurance-these are thequaJities
of 3f.v2gj To-es that take your car "over the
top" of the cdlTest road.
Eu": on honor from live rubber and highest
gr.-dc fabric; al! siccks kept continually fresh.
R..ad comfort, more rr.-lcr., complete satisfac
tion arc yours if you use Savage Tires and
Crafirite Tubes!
r
SAVAGE nr.E CORPORATION
Stci Diep c, Celifomta
He huvt a dittributor near you
THE WESTERN VULCANIZ
ING SHOP
ohnson Addition Lowell, Ariz.
Lr.-S re, I.' r-A
I S3o YOU Know That IF
This paper cost you 5c
You are reading your neighbor s paper
You plan to take the REVIEW
But haven't got around to it yet
NOW IS THE TIME
To help some boy whose name is given below to earn
$20-$50
Warren, Frank Lindsey; Bakerville. Maurice Rugraff; South Bisbee,
Richard Sharpe; Naco Road, Johnson Addition, City of Lowell.
Eugene Gallagher and Bud Hascal; Higgins Hill, Quality Hill and
Mason Hill, Hubert Perry; School Hill. Opera Drive, Temby avenue
and Highroad, Hubert Detloff; Tombstone Canyon, Abe Millmrn
and Sergus Ellinoff; Don Lais. Kenneth Mort; Laundry Hill, Earl
Hicks; Upper Lowell, C. & A. Hill, Jiggerville, Walter Steele; Brew
ery Oulch, Youngblood Hill, O. K. Ptreet and Chihuahua Hill, Gor
don Wallace and i Richard Ojeda; Business District, Wiiriam
Brookinge; Winwood Addition, William Riley.
. New subscriptions only bring credit in contest.
REVIEW delivered by carrier or mail to new sub
scribers three months for $2.00; or six months for
$4.00; one year $7.50; per month 75c.
BISBEE DAILY REVIEW PHONE 39.
CLIP THIS COUPON
Enclosed is J..
DAILY REVIEW to..
Please credit Sub. to
Scarcity Exists
of Small Coins
(By Review Leased Wire.)
i CHICAGO. Oct. 19. Pennies and
1 subsidiary silver coins are scarce not
only in Chicago but elsewhere accord
ing to Robert I. Hunt, in charge of
i the sub-!reasury here. Increase in
business throughout the country is
given as the reason. The sub-treasury
here has not received any pen-
: nies from the mints since October 1,
' Mr. Hunt said.
Subsidiary coinage in circulation in
: the country has increased from $87,
'982,801 in 1S79 to $202.061,S97 cn Oc
tober 1, 1916.
The output this year has been $16.
. 551 t'i0, an increase of more than 830
per cent over the production to this
date last year. Mr. Hunt said the
! mints are working 24-hours a day in
! an effort to keep op with the demand
for coins.
Stockholm special says that Sweden,
dismayed by embargo, has begun to
realize that her troubles are only be
ginning unless she reaches a friendly
agreement with United States.
U GlififlMTE TUSi
hst loncer nd give greater
service Because they re the " -only
tubes tbat have ?fa
Cuphite vulcanaed into jfe'C
l, tne surface. Prevents de- TV;!
terioratipn.st;cliinS,fric.
tior. ar.d h-.itirj:. Rend- f ?3
ers srar;'one
nccef.ii y
of tube. ,?t;Ari
I
AND MAIL IT TODAY.
19
for which pleaso send the BISBEE
For
contestant
Loose Milk Will
Be Sold Cheaply
(By Revfew Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK, Oct. 19. Sale of loose
milk at 10 cents a quart will begin to
morrow In small stores jn this city,
according to an announcement today
by District Attorney Swann, who help
ed to bring about the arrangement
with the Dairymen's League. It will
be extended as rapidly as delivery ar
rangements can be made and stores
can install refrigerating plants. Mr.
' Swann said. The Dairymen's league
is the distributing agency for most of
! the farmers whose product cames to
this city.
"My investiga'ion into the niiik sit
uation," said the district attorney sat
isfies me that the big distributors have
a very good thing. There is no reason
why grade B milk should be sold for
more than 10 cents a quart to the con
sumer. At present the distributors
buy milk from the dairymen's league
zt less than seven cents a quart and
the handling does not cost more than
3 cents a quart."
COLORADO'S CAR SHORTAGE
(By Review Leaded Wire.)
DENVKR, Oct. 19. Colorado's car
shortage is to brine efforts of officials
of the interstate commerce cuimms
sftm to relieve i"., it was announced
today by the stale public utilities
commission. Word lias been received.
It was said, that following an appeal
made by Ceorjje T. Iiradley of the
state commission, a federal inspector
of the interstate commission would
leave Washington tonight.
Atthe offices of the state commis
sion, it was said shippers in the Mont
"ose and Delta districts cskod todav
for 200 cars and received only 50. This
is said to be one of many instances of
ar shortage.
BENNY LEONARD WINS.
(Ity Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK, Oct. 19. Kenny Leon
ard, world's chanipitm lilitwei.it
puglisl, outfought Jack Uritton of t'hi
caso, former wcllcrwciht champion.
' in six rounds of a 10 round lioiit here
tonight. Hritton hail Hie best of two
. rounds and honors were evcu in two
others. l'onanl weighed l.V-i pounds
and IJritlon lu9. At nearly every btage
Leonard was tho aKgrcssor.
f lu the seventh round alter Referee
M I'artlund had separated tli men
with a pood deal of force, Uritton seem
ingly lost his temper and struck at
the referee who dodged the blow.
MUNICIPAL COAL YARDS
! ST. LOL'IS, Oct. 19 The board of
estimate and appointment of St. Lquis
itiday approved the plan of the direc-
' tor of public welfare that the city
establish 12 coal yards at which fuel
will bo sold to the poor at a low
pi ice.
Tho board approved an appropria
tion of jLTi.tMlll for the put pose.
The uhlenucn will be asked to vote
the money at nce so the yards can
be opened within three weeks. It is
' planned to sell the coul at 1- cents a
bushel, or $3 a ton.
r
I FT
us
help you plan your
house. Make you draw
ings of it and help you
in any way we an. We
. have a regular architect
in connection who will
do this for you.
The best of material
and the best of service.
Gibson-Hines
Lumber Co.
J.W.F.Smith,Mgr. P2ione88
O. K. LIVERY AND
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
EYE NERVE GLASSES i
rC35S&X Study and much re- j
'"-v5 8earcR work since
iy$Hi. 1S92, ,s the cause ot
s'&SZig?- my successful practice
s' in Bisbee. Dr. R.
Glaze, Neutrologist,
Room 1. Maze Bldg, Phone, Oilice
156, Residence, Clack 420. j
We are paving good prices
for hides.
ARIZONA JUNK CO.
Lowell, Arizona.
GUARD YOUR
HEALTH!
Use Pasteurized Cream and Milk
At Your Grocers.
I
The Pure M
ilk Depot, I
, Main St ' J
A Johnson Bldg,
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of" everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A, Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month. $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co, Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN. COPPER STOCK.
-7-
I 1 -aT .
mm
Bisbee Lumber Company, inc
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL
I
'Review Want
". J. B. 1
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
CHICHESTER 8 PII4.S
V the 1;IAMND It RAND. A
u-o.-'.c a.'-c iu- irVn-rn
1AHM I'KA.VU PILL, fa. S
yean kno-r-M BntSitost. Aiwa.. RaW4
SOLO EY DSUG15IS EVFitfiHiERf
To All Deputies
1 wnt to impress upon each dep
uty sheriff the absolute necessity
for extreme self-coi-rol, cool, calm
Judgment and patience. Avoid all
display of weapons. Remember,
you are deputized for protection of
self and property and the lualnten
snce of peace. You ar subject to
my call, a call which -will be made
when necessary
Let no act of yours tend to de
feat the object for whicii yon wve
ieputized. namely the preserrauoa
of peace. I hold each man respon
sible for any illegal act or excess of
Dis authority and this applies to er
;ry man in this district.
HARRY C. WHEELER,
Sheriff.
CATARRH
OF THE '
. BLADDER
'24 Hours
Each Cp-
ol buan tba (MICVI
Bourn onuiJU
Telephone 446
A Phone Call Will Bring Us.
LOS ANGELES JUNK SHOP
Highest Cash Prices Paid For
Metals, Rubber, Rags, Sacks. Bottles,
Bones. Iron, Hides. Pelts, etc
HOROWITZ BROTHERS, Proprietors
Lowell, Arizona.
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
W ATKINS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
j The HALLMARK Store
In Preparing Specifications
it' makes a whole lot of differ
ence wtut kind of lumber you
Use. If the lumber is to come
from us, you can figure on quan
tities, much closer than if you
don't specify us. There is no
waste to our lumber. It can be
used to the last inch. If your
plans are as right as our lum
ber your building will be a
'J.i inly.
CAR STOP.
PHONE 25.
Ads for Results
.-HtJ A Jr UrufflM fot A
hl-.il J-trr t lM-K..JUr.rf
N '-. mini vtiji H UxijUm.
T a h a Tl,.w .r V
. AT THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 21, 1917.
THREE
SocA&
t y N2W$
The Churches
A quiet wedding took place at tht
home of Mrs. MoHenry Mosier of
Quarry Canyon last Monday evening
at 7 o'clock, when her sister. Miss
Helen Lawrance, who has been visit
ing here from Omaha, became the wife
of Dr. Earl L. Bennett of Fresno, Cal
The living room, where the ceremony
was held, was decorated" with the
white and green of cosmos and frag
rant honeysuckle. Pink cosmos
adorned the dining room where the
wedding dinner was enjoyed before
the ceremony. Rev. Frye officated
and only members of the family were
present. Dr. and Mrs. Bennett left
on the Golden State Limited for a tour
of the coast resorts before taking up
their residenec In Fresno.
At the business meeting of the
Twentieth Century club Tuesday, Red
Cross knitting for the coming season
was discussed and a minimum num
ber of the garments pledged. Some
their residence In Fresno.
The Twentieth Century club, with
a membership of about sixty, meets
In the clubroom at the Y. M. C. A. on
the first and third Tuesdays of the
month. The program of the first bi
monthly meeting consists of a business
meeting which lasts about an hour
nd is followed by an hour of Red
Cross work. On the alternate Tues
day, the first hour is devoted to the
study of civics and economics, accord
ing to a program arranged by the va
rious committees. Then a social time
Is enjoyed and refreshments are
served.
The personnel of officers is as fol
lows: Mrs. Plnnigan, president; Mrs.
Allie Wilson, first vice president; Mrs.
Durley, second vice president; Mrs.
SnoJgrass, treasurer; Mrs. Linden,
corresponding secretary; Mrs. Coch
ran, recording secretary. Chairman
of committees are: Mrs. Teufert, edu
cational; Mrs. Parrish, home econom
ics; Mrs. Cochran, literary; and Mrs.
Ppaulding. civics. The parliamentarian
is Mrs. Durley and the custodian Mrs.
Willis Jones.
Mrs. Charles Hicks of Mason Hill
entertained the MetJiodist Ladles' Aid
on Thursday. The usual good attend
ance was increased by two new mem
bers. Mrs. Arthur and Mrs. Wilson.
They discussed working plans for the
coming year, including the usual Reel
Cross work. It is expected that Dr.
Harsbman will offer some valuable
suggestions at the next meeting in
reparl to this work. The Ladies' Aid
extends a welcome to all and any who
have been staying away because of
the erroneous impression that thay
should not bring their little ones to the
meetings are especially urged to at
tend. Mrs. B. F. Norton and daughter
Ruth are expected to return the mid
dle of the week from a four months'
trip to Chicago, Milwauke and Calu
met. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Hume of San
Fernauc'o, Cal., are here Tisiting Mrs.
! Preston Fletcher of Lowell. Mr. Hume
. is one of liisbee's old timers.
The dinner at the Y Friday evening
! was a marked success, especially as
i one of the diners remarked afterwards
! for those who had two plates. The
girls who came over from the Y. W.
! to serve made It even more attractive
to many. Mr. Morley of the ' spoke
on "The Boy" and Miss McCurdy of
the Y. W. on "The Girl."
Mr. Meadows enjoyed his trip to the
coast and has returned much in
proved in health.
Mrs. Pattison, who accompanied her
husband on his recent visit here from
Los Angeles, was for several days the
guest of Mrs. J. C. Cowan at Warren.
Mr. Robert Marquis, a prominent
Phoenix minister, is visiting Rev.
Frye. Mr. Marquis has hosts of
friends all over the state.
i
j Miss Gregorovltch, who has been
i absent from her post as stenographer
at the Y, has recovered and Is ba.'k
at work again.
The dance given at Warren for tin
benefit of the fatherless children o:
France was very successful, viewed
from a social standpoint, and much
credit is due Mrs. Brophy for hec ci
ficient directorship. Delicious refresh
ments were served and the good time
seemed to be universal.
Presbyterian Church.
Sunday school at 9: 20 a. m. Address
es will be made by Dr. K. F. Hall of
San Francisco, Cal., and Rev- F. G.
Mitchell, of ToU'hai'j, Arizona.
Public worship at 11 a. in. The mod
erator. Rev. C. H. Love of Clifton,
presiding. Adress by Rev. E. F.
Hall, D. D., western secretary of the
Presbyterian board of foreign missions
on "Mobolizing the Church for World
Service." The sacrament of the Lord's
supper will be administered.
Union young people's meeting in the
Methodist church at 6:30 p. m.
Public worship at 7:30 p. tu. The
400th anniversary of the Protestant
reformation will be observed with
special music and address on "Luth
er" by Rev. George Logle of Phoenix.
This will be the closing service of the
synod.
Congregational meeting in the
church Monday, the 22d, at 7:30 p. m.
John E. Fry, pastor.
Divine services at Warren on Sun
day, October 21, at 11 a. m. Two of
the ministerial commissioners to the
synod will be at the service. Rev. J.
W. Henderson, a home msisionary and
Rev. Dirk Lay an Indian missionary.
These men will tell us something
about their works. Come and hear
these men, it will dt you good.
St. John's Episcopal Church.
Sunday school at 9:45 a. m. Morn
ing service at 11 a. m. Warren Sun
day school at 9:45 a. rii. Choir prac
tice, Wednesday at 7:30 p. m. H. S.
Brewster, Rector.
-rr J
b ii i in a
Methodist Episcopal
Sunday school at 9:45. Epworth
(league meeting at 6:30. Miss Stinson,
! leader. The pulpit will be filled
morning and evening by members of
the Arizona synod jf the Presbyterian
church now in session in the city.
Rev. F. G. Mitchell of Tolchaco will
preach a'. 11 a. m. and the Rv. C. R.
Brodhead of Phoenix at 7:30. C. IV.
Harshman.
The cool, crisp winds of autumn are plice waist is extremely popular and
driving the linnets and mocking birds the inevitable detachable .collar is cut
outi of our oaks and cottowoosls in long enough to outline the V-shapea
seared of a kindlier climate. We who neck. Picturesque buttons of all
cannot follow them in their pilgrim- shapes and sizes adorn the bodica
age are suddenly reminded that No- front, the long cuffs and oftentimes
vember is upon us and winter not fat the front of the skirt or tunic. Rows
away. Reluctantly we prepare to put of. self-toned silk braid make an ef-
away the sheer voiles and filmy crepes, fective trimming for the bottom of the
whose eav rnlnrs we have flaunted to Russian tunic.
the summer breezes, and face the mo- A loose panel front is a charming j more powerful than the entire Rus - are indeed thankful. Come out Sun
menlniis nuestinn '.if renlenishinir the variation to rtlieve the severity of the i ninn fini.srlrnn ! day and ne'P our very efficient teach
wardrobe against the day when "the frock, especially if the panel effect N ;
north winds do blow." carried out in the waist also, ending
SATISFIED.
i
" (By Review Leased Wire.)
PETROGRAD, Oct. 19. "The Slava
was unable to follow the other Rus
sian ships retiring northward and was
sunk by her own crew in order to
bar the way to the enemy vessels,"
said Minister of Marine Verdervskl,
just before starting today to join the
Baltic fleet.
The minister said he considered the;
action of the Russian forces in going Baptist Church,
out to meet the G-rman fleet, one! Bible school at 9:45 a. m. Mr. Bran
of great valor for each German dread ! aman ""P- ur 8cho1 is lowing
nauzht of the Koenie tvne was much 1 Quite a steady increase for which we
Of course, the first to be considered at the squarely cut neck. A belted
is the oue-Diece dress, for no costume Russian blouse buttoned down one
is more appropriate for ordinary ' side is seen in the laier models,
street and house wear than this charm-! The Separate Collar and Cuffs.
ing garment It is quite invaluable in Georgette crepe, organdie, linen and
bridging the interval of uncertain teni- satin are the materials most favored
perature between early autumn ami . for the large detachable collars. They
winter. J appear in a variety of shapes, square,' T
-- Dointed. round, while some are pleated .
With Fingers!
CornsLift Off
Doesn't hurt a bit to lift any
corn or callus right off. Try it!
Colors and Materials.
at the neck in back. Where the waist J
A search of the shops reveals coun- opens on a little vest, a very pretv ,
ters laden with many beautiful fabrics efrct s realized by making collar at-! I
of silk, wool and cotton mixtures, in , vest of one of the new figured Ellks!
colors and designs of oriental strange- iu Japanese designs. j
ness. We stand spellbound before a j
bewitching array of mandarin crepe, ; The New Blouses. ;
velours, velveteen, roshanara crepe. The charming simplicity of tee lil-:
velvet and the more sedate serges, tie blouses of georgette crepe r.ppeal-.t
and try to decide whether we can particularly to the business wm-i. '
wear the lovely new Chinese blue, oi There appears a slight modification in
If mahogany or taupe would not be sleeve styles, for tJie new sleeve,
more becoming. though still perfectly plain at the
Having selected a suitable color; we shoulder, is puffed a little where it
turn to the fashion magazines to de- Is gathered into the long, straight, but
termine the style of the new frock. toned cuff.
Hfere are two distinct silhouettes, the Some of the blouses display a com
long, slim, close-fitted lines of Rus- bination of colors; others are em
sian origin, and the modified peg-top. - broidered or beaded in little oriental
draped so that its fulness conins be-'designs. Not a few have a graduated
low the hips half concealing, half re-1 ruffle edged with lace or hemstitched
vealing the deep pockets, and tapering j on each side of the front, wide at the
gracefully toward the hem. j collar and tapering to the belt.
soft crushed satin, or in newer models
by belts of solid beadwork, "The sur-
NOTICE TO
SIGKWOMEN
Positive. Proof That Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound Relieves
Suffering.
The Russian Tunic i Pockets.
,. Many costumes show the slim lines j r& Pockets still appear in a va
accentuated by a long, full tunic orriety of shapes on one-piece dresses,
overskirt. gathered or Dleated in'at!8uits RkSrts and coata- They are set
waist, where It is held by a girdle oflon and inserted, round, pointed and acne twL. Adv.
sqiare. :-.cnie are suspended irom tl'C ,
belt, others set Aw on the skirt; they?
: vary from plain severity to being1
I ornamented with soutache braid. In '
j short, there is very little in the way '
i of description that cannot be said of -
jthe autumnal pocket.
j Hats. j
The woman who trims her own hats '
' should be delighted at the fall styles,
while the woman who has never yeti
I experience'd the satisfaction of copv-
ing a Doucet model from a magazine
' cut and of hearing her friends say
I enviously, "My dear! Such a charm-i
I ing little hat! Where did you buy
Bridgeton,N.J. "I cannot speak too ! it?" fhould certainly take advantage
highly of Lydi E. Pinkham's Vegeta- ' of the extreme simplicity of the new-
ible Compound for est creations and learn how to dupli-1
inflammation and cate them i
Other weaknesses. I Verv little trimmine annears nr. tho!
ers make the bible school the success
i it should be.
Morning worship 11 a. m. Sermon
subject, "Mobilization." Rev. Court
ney, state corresponding secretary,
will speak to us. Come out and bear
him.
Junior B. Y. P. U. at 6:45 p. m. in
the church parsonage. Mr. Carver,
i superintendent.
Senior B.'Y. P. U. at 6:30 p. m. will
1 meet with the other societies of the
For a few cents you can !city in a hion meeting at the Meth'
gei a smau Doiue or tne Mm church.
magic drug freezone re-j These monthly union meetings are
cently discovered by a Cin- proving very helpful and we trust as
cinnati man. many of our young people as possible
Just ask at any drug will arrange to at lend this service Sun-
st'ore for a small bottle of : day evening.
lrttzuue. Apply & lew
drops upon a tender, ach
ing corn or callus and in
stantly all soreness disap
pears and shortly you vu
find the corn or callus so
loose that you can lift it
off with the fingers.
Just think! Not tone bit
of pain before applying
freezone or afterwards. It
doesn't even irritate the'mittee.
surrounding skin.
Hard corns, soft corns or-J Christian Science Society,
corns between the toes.j Christian Science Society of Bisbee
also hardened calluses on ' holds services in the Woman's club
bottom of feet, shrivel up building at 11:15 a. m., Wednesday ev-
and fall off without hurting a particle jening at 7:45. The public is welcome
It is almost magical. " jand invited to attend Sunday school
Ladies! Keep a tiny bottle on the i opens at 10:10 'j. m. Subject for Sun
dresser and never let a corn or callus, day, October 21. "Doctrine of Atone
ment."
ft
Evening worship at 7:45 p. m. Ser
mon subject: "Lord Teach Us to
Pray".
Following the sermon the congrega
tion will take action on the matter of
buying Liberty Bonds with the money
now in the building fund.
Come out and have a voice in this
matter, that all may feel satisfied.
F. M. Pittman, pastor.
L. D. Davison. Chairman press com-
The modern
fireside
iiiniiiiiUfviiiimiiii
PI
III
was very irregular
and would have ter
rible pains so that I
could hardly take a
step. Sometimes I
would be so misera
ble that I could not
sweep a room. I
wide brimmed velvet shapes, but that :
little must conform to certain rigid j
requirements. It must be unique, j
simple, unconventional and in most
instances present a contrast in color
to the rest of the hat. For example,
a French model shows a soft, pliable
doctored partof the ;black veIve shape embroidered all
time but felt DO !arou"a u,e cruwu hi .inputiest; mums
or bright colored worsted. The wom
an who attempts to trim one of these
velvet hats has such a wide variety
of trimming designs to choose from
that she will have to be careful to
choose wisely.. On the Other hand
there is a wonderful opportunity for
the exercise of individual taste that
MIL
1 7 -rispyiy
PXL 7Y WITH
Call to Arms J
Th bugle has sounded for you,
Ampriean Housekeeper! Whether youi
live on a farm on in a city apartment.
In a cottage or avenue residence, Tn-'
cle Sam in mobilizing you to do "your:
hit." !
And this "bit" must be done imme
dlately. No three months in tralnin;,
camp before you go to the front. But
now, today, immediately, every house
keeper in America Is
colors.
On her banner are three words: j to every point in the state. He will niy work3 overhauled by experts. I'd
"Serve by Saving. Her ammunition j be assisted in the prosecution of the go to the Y and be looked over by the
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG I
MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION j
OF WARREN EIINIKG DISTRICT
Secretary Richarduon is "some
where" in New Mexico organizing that
state for the Y. M. C. A. work. His
called to the j headquarters are at Albuquerque, but,
the nature of the work will take him
per cent efficiency and fun out of
it. There are other ways of getting
enji;ynient out of a motor than by
putting garbage into the gas tank.
Once or twice a year, also, I'd have
J
H
chpnge. I later took Lydia E. rink,
ham's Yegetable Compound and soon
felt a change for the better. I took it
until I was in good healthy condition.
1 recommend the Pinkham remedies to
all women as I have used them with such
good results." Mrs. Milforo T. Cum
MlNGS, 322 Harmony St., Penn's Grove,
V J.
Such testimony should he acreptpd by win surely appeal to those wott like
fll women as convincing evidence of to look different from other people,
tbe excellence of Lydia S. Pinkham's Draped velvet hats appear in a nuni
VegeUble Compound as a remedy for ; ber of odd shapes and In all sizes. A
dt.tcTmln' 01 the tarn o' .banter
backache, painful periods, nervousness seem3 to be Popular, especially for
and kindred ailments. motor wear.
Ready at the touch
of a match out
just as quickly.
Fuel consumed
only when heat is
needed no waste.
No smoke or odor.
Portable.
STANDARD OIL
COMPANY
(CALIFORNIA)
PERFECTION
OIL HEATER
FOR SALE BY
Phelps-Dodge Mercantile Co., Bisbeo, Ariz. H. .E. Wooten, Bisbee, Ariz.
Standard Furniture Co., Bisbee, Ariz. Bisbee Furniture Co.,. Bisbee, Ariz.
Stuart & Itoundtree, Bisbee, Ariz. Johnson Addition Furniture Co., Lowell.
Ariz. Phelps-Dodge Mercantile Co., Lowell, Ariz. (1. O. Branson Furniture
Co., Lowell, Ariz. Chris Helkkinen, Lowell, Ariz. F. N. Wllcott, Tombstone,
Ariz. V. A. McSparren. Tombstone, Ariz., Machomich Mercantile Co., Tomb
stone, Ariz. Phelps-Dodge Mercantile Co., Warren, Ariz. Phelps-Dodge Mer
cantile Co., Naco, Ariz.
Is food. Her uniform Is a kitchen
apron.
Every intelligent housekeeper Is an
swering the call with the same fine
glow of patriotism and loyalty to her
country that is prompting thousand
fo our young men to don the khaki
For she knows the great t ask that
lies before her that of so modifying
financial campaign by eight district director of the physical department.
secretaries, located at Ijis Cruces, Las Twice a year I'd have some good phy-
Vegas, Raton Roswell, Tucumori, sician test my heart and have my
Albuquerque, Gallup and Silver City, blood pressure ascertained and all the
It is proposed to cover every district rest of the things they are doing to me
and town In the state, wtlch will re- of late I'd have them all done be-
quire' committee organizations aggro- forehand. I don't wait till my aut
gating more than 1200 people. mobile breaks down or hlows up. I
' see that its' in good trim all the time.
We seem to be greatly Interested in It's queer how a man go-s along load-
the food habits of the 100,000,000 peo
ple in this country that the United l copper in this community and inci-1 ing his body, loading it up with waste,
States may not only meet the emer
gency of feeding our own brave boy
on the battlefield, but keep( our allies
from starving.
This great patriotic task can never
be shouldered by one group of women
working alone. Every housekeeper in
America, no matter how large or small
her family or pocket book, must co
operate must mobilize.
Her campaign is not to ask her fam
ily of community to starve themselves,
but rather to teach them to eat less
meat. su?ar. fat and wheat by substi
tuting other foods that are equals
good, but that cannot be sent abroad.
Of course every woman will have
her own difficulties to overcome. Our
supply of food depends so much on
the locality in which we live. What
would be extravagant for one to eat
would be the roost economical food
for another. Then, too and this is the
most perplexing problem of all our
Johns and little Marys and Jacks a-Cjate, October 30, 8 to 11, after dark
no: the same. Eac household offer?
a separate problem.
Your task of feeding your family in
the most economical way will be great
ly lightened, however. If now, in a
momentof leisure, you will map out
your campaign in the following way:
1. Try to discover and stop the
small wastes those little leaks tha;
have formerly seemed too trivial to
bother about.
2. Decide on the things that must be
done immediately; for instance, the
preserving of any perishable fruits
and vegetables that may still be plen
tiful and cheap.
3. Learn how to make delicious
dishes out of leftovers and serve as
dently it is the copper that makes the letting It get rusty and rattly what
community, but let us not forget that If he did that with his jitney or twin-
the greatest asset in any onimunity six What If it he lert it out in the
is the boys. The boys of today wilt rain and let the carburator get dirty
be the soldiers of tomorrow, either in and the cylinders full of carbon and
he trenches or in the business world, paid no attention to ii generally.
What are you doing for the boys of Wouldn't he be a fool? Well, he's
Bisbee? We are urged to keep the - fooler when he does not keep his bodv
home fires burning and if that means in order. For ls body's more than a
anything at all. It means to safeguard two million dollar machine, has more
the life of the youth. to do with his happiness or misery
- than any contraption of steel and
Halloween is coming so are the com- hras Yes, sir; if I were young
mittees looking forward to the biggest again, I'd take as good care of my body
time ever. More than 1300 people at- as I do of my automobile and first
tended the big event last year and of all, I would look up that fellow
every last fellow got his money's , Morley at the gym and ask him to
worth, and then some, but this year ; thoroughly diagnose my case.
the arrangement committee promises ,
to far surpass any previous events.1 Get ready for the fall meetings
That man Kellogg is full of ideas and Sund y afternoon by seeing chairman
Georre Ludwig is not so slow, so this of the religious work committee,
is fair warning that something real Henry Aiker, and announcing the fact
snappy will surely happen. Save the that you are in the game and desire
to render some assistance by serving
him in any manner that he may elect.
Bill "I don't see how that gym man
can expect a feller to do that hard
work in the gym after a day in the
mines." Jack "It isn't hard work, the
exercises are light and we have all
kinds of fun playing games.
Tbe Gym Schsdule.
Business men, games and cales
thenics Monday, Wednesday and Fri
day, 5-6. Senior gymnastics for young
It makes men Monday and Thursday. 8-9:30.
you leel more like working the next Light c clock club for men. games and
day. ; calesthenics Tuesday and Friday, S-
9:30. Boxing, wrestilng and advanced
Horace Reardon, the once popular ' athletics Wednesday, 8-9. Other
leaner nt th hnv' pnntr esnerialiv of '. classes will be organized to meet the
the defunct boys' band crowd, has
located. While waiting at the i
needs.
been
interstate association office in El Paso Direct from the kaiser conies the
last Tuesday, Secretary Richardson report that the Y. M. C. A. "over
was surprised to hear the familiar : there" is rendering an invaluable ser
voice of Reardon and to discover that vice and a direct testimony to the
far as possible food raised in your own he was now employed by the army statement was sustained by a secre
locality. This will save transporta-i y. M. C. A. department as chauffeur, tary right from the trenches at the
tIon- movie operator and all round utility recent association conference held at
All this does not seem much forlman. Horace Is doing his work well Dallas, according to Secretary Ric'.i
Uncle Sam to ask you to do, does it?'ami is spoken of in the most compli-. ardscn.
And jet eve- y woman who does this ' mentarv terms b ythe Y secretaries, i
conscientiously from day to day will f? ! R R
V, . J . ,j; . . . . T V H I .r-T--
on suvu a sumret is uj uKuuiis ujiuev. tne ooys expen oi ine in- MtUKixtsu
man in the trenches.
V. W. CA. Notes
Five delegates from Bisbee were
present at the Sunday school conven-
Time" is a big problem and the boys
of Bisbee are not exempt from the
aftermath. The association, however.
tion at Tucson last week. Of their! promises to get under a program of
n v ii in , ji ion vai tuna .iiuj ci v a o
elected vice president for the coming
ternational committee, made a telling MARINELL0 FACE POWDER
talk at the get-together Monday night 13 different
and made a profound impression on' Forirsrealprotetticji artua'lvclinsstothe
all who heard him. The Eoy in War, for Sfn.itnr,ni,,rrf.,t
miniature w-ia Doxcoorammg inis fomca.
Motor Cream. Tooth Paste and Hard jelly.
year.
A group of business girls were enter
tained at supper Tuesday evening.
They were Misses Esther Lang, Irene
Kennaugh, Lula Maddox, Anna Davis
and Lola Andrews.
The Chautauqua circle commenced
its course of study at the meeting held
Monday night. Several new members
have joined.
Representatives from Thoenlx,
Tucson and Bisbee associations mt
in a conference at Tucson last week
for the purpose of discussing the or
ganization of student clubs in tbe
high schools throughout the state. An
other conference is to be held during
the first two days of university week
Registrations are being received at
the Y. W. for the new evening clas
in nursing that the Red Cross is or
ganizing, under the able instruction
of Mrs. Jason.
.Monday afternoon a group or wom-j
en representing the various clubs and!
church societies met with Mrs. Ross,
who is chairman of the employment
work, and Mrs. Colton, secretary, to
discuss the exigencies of the situation.
All promised to aid in getting the
work started on a proper basis and in
finding women who are in need of
employment.
Cards have been received announc
ing the marriage of Miss Mercie Perk
ins Adams, a former Y. W. C. A. di
rector, to Clinton Leslie Jackson, lieu
tenant of Infantry of U. S. reserve
corps, at Tacoma, Wash., October 10.
Ml-is McCurdy is giving Instruction
in the English language to a bi-weekly
class of young Mexican women.
The Adawana Canipfire club, which
is under the guardianship of Mrs.
Poppen, held a candy sale Saturday
for the benefit of the orphans' home
at Tucson.
The millinery class, which com
menced work Friday night, presents
an exceptional opportunity to the wom
an of the district who wishes to "do
her bit" in the nation-wide movement
for economy by trimming her own
hats. Mrs. C. L. Wilson also met a
class composed of members of the
Twentieth Century club Friday after
noon. The cafeteria owes much of its pre-i
ent success to the able mauagemet't
of Mrs. Herrlck. For two meals a day,
at least, it Is kept filled to overflow-ins.
construction, even before the period
of reconstruction arrives and thus
save many a boy from going to the
devil. Help Is need and the S. O. S. '
call is sounded. What will you do I
about It? See Morley or Waldecker.
With the jitney and twin-six and a
dozen or so other types of automboiles
speeding around our beautiful boule-1
vards we are reminded of the. contrast
between the auto wagon and our hn-1
man mechanism your body. If 1
were 21 (this a man of "0 lookins!
backwards) I'd take just as good care:
of my body as I do of my automobile.
And for the same reason to get a 100
fcr-x ml
A II II I
nrriadUUUU
McDonalds Marinello
Phone 305
Shop
7
r Afssa gfen eP& y
-4
FORD
Dnirerul Auto Co., Spokant
"have bern using ZrnJrnc
lor (everal months A-
quality."
BUICK
J. D. Lauppe, Sacramento
"Te have found Zerolene to ba a snti
factory lubricant for Buick Automcbile."
DODG2
Eaton & Campbell, Seattle
"our experience with
Zeroiene has been en
tirely satiafictory.
MESCEH
Mercer Pacific Coast Agc'y,
Sir FrwicWco ;ZeroU-ne
has proven very satia-factory."
LEmE
Hie Standard Oil for Noior Cars
Endorsed by Leading Car Distributors
i
J
1
jflHi because the records of tJ-.efr service fe- 1'
fT-- "' t partrnent show that etcitfne.cortect- f- j
T " V, J ly refined from California a.p!.al!-bse KT5
iy crude, gives perfect iubrica-
V lr timl lx 1 tion less wear, more pow- s
tT er, least carbon depont. fS?
vJAiJr Dealert everrwhere and at aur J-j'
-711 A. JfrjZir ternce station.
" X $L iTAHDAFB Oil COM? AST i&'
I nn V, h i"!uaA 1) i ill wiriiV 1 t f,mt m Y THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 21, 1917.
PROPOSES FLEET OF CIA N'T .AIKPI.AXES TO
CKOSS ATLANTIC AND BOMB U-BOAT BASES
American Troops Evoke Frenzy
Of Cheers from English When
Reviewed by British Sovereign
FRE ID GAS TO
BE USED Irl WAR
BY UNITED STATES
V V! YB
i
: mi.
v w mm jx-a 7- t ? T 1 I " 'TT
FOUR
IK
(From the London ChiVnicle.) You could not . discover an Ameri
. "Who passeth here?" "We of the new "type." Most of the men were
brigade clean shaven, finely built and straight
Who come in aid to take your place ol limb. But all the races which make
who fell," nP the nation, such a delightful and
"What is the countersign?" 'That we In some ways such a complex race,
have weighed were there. There were men of Irish
The cost you paid yet come!" ancestry and there were men whose
"Pass! All is well." fathers, in the long ago, came from
chmo Todio Germany. Today, of course, they are
It was such a day as might have Americans, and Americans of the ! down and, like school boys, lield out
been in August, 1914, had our troops most undoubted loyalty. But the j their hands, and distributed visiting
been permitted to march the streets faces of the men in the great proces- j cards. They read quaintly to English
In sunlight To their mysterious and sion were very different, and did not eyes "Corporal George R. Barnaske,
appointed end they stole away in the approximate to any given type, and i Company D. U. S. A., with Expedi
lonely darkness of night, and no voice it was deeply interesting to see the j tionary Forces in care of Adjutant
cheered them and no hand held theirs varying' characteristics that have built General." This is the inscription on
in greeting or -farewell. Since then up today's America. one card, and there was a little flag
on the other side of the train, and
then began the most charming friend
liness between the soldiers and ci
vil! ans.
Leaving Their Cards.
It was not at all in order, of course.
but people darted on to the railway
line for the remembered joy of shak
ing hands with an American sol die r
and the men themselves clambereu
1 w
the official mind has learnt to think with precise determined step the
a little differently a little more sym- troops swung along Piccadilly to Hyde
pathetically, perhaps. So it was given Park corner and curled round Gros
to us to greet America as we might venor pardens. And still the men
have greeted the British soldiers, and shouted hoarsely, and still little chil
all our hidden pride and restrained en- dren waved their small flags and still
thusiasm burst forth the other day and women cried, "God bless you" and
were offered freely to the American "Good luck!"
soldiers whom we surely may call At the United States Embassy.
urs." Outside the American embassy in
If they were not ours before,-they Grosvenor Gardens the crowd was
became ours then. We adopted them; enormous. But no halt was made and
they became something more to us there were no speeches. The Amer- velop as the days pass by.
than soldiers. In those hours of great lean ambassador, Mr. Page, took the Before any one of the trains steam
cheering a sense of intimate kinship salute as his countrymen passed, and ed away the massed bands played the
was born that will outlast the agonies standing by him were Mrs. Page, Ad- National Anthem. Not a train moved
of war. miral Sims and members of the em
It was not, in the superficial mean- bassy staff. From the Maple Leaf
ing, a picturesque procession. But it club close by Canadians showed what
was intensely moving, very inspiring; a Canadian cheer can be.
and there could be no greater mes- Then the Americans went onward
In the corner.
How everyone shouted for one of
these .cards! Small boys were dis
patched on to the line and told to
bring some back, and there' was tran
tlc cheering when the men themselves
clambered down and cried: "Write to
us, won't you and we'll answer sure."
So hundreds of these military visit
ing cards were pocketed, and some of
the friendships begun so cheerfully
on a railway line will perhaps de-
The 600 H. P. giant Italian Cap row warplane which carries 2750 pounds of bombs.
Major R, Perfetti, of the Italian flying corps and head of the Italian aeronautic mission to this country has
proposed the use of a fleet of giant airplanes to cross the Atlantic and destroy with bombs the German sub
marine bases. "If the money for the purpose were forthcoming." says Major Perfetti, "the submarine prob
lem would sood be solved " The print Italian Caproni warplane, capable of carrying 2750 pounds of bombs, is
the type of air dreadnought recommenced.
station responded, and so th first ;
train went out, and so the men went '
Thank you, America. Your men, so
on to their business of making war
fine, so friendly, so soldierly they
have given us the encouragement wc
all of us needed, and in the detach
ments you have sent over you have
from the station. All was very, very ! given us not only allies in the niiK-
quiet. Then the Americans them-; tary sense, but friends as dear to us
selves raised three tremendous cheers j as our own brothers. Together we
for England, and the crowds in the ; shall see it through!
HOW NEWS OF THE
GREAT 10 COMES
DAILY TO AFRICA
The war department has issued gen
eral orders creating a group of engi
neer regiments which will specialize
jn the distribution of gas and flame
on those section of the trenches oc
cupied by American troops. One regi
ment of this type will be assigned to
1 every field army which consists of
three corps.
There will be a mining service regi
ice regiment of six special mining
companes, a water supply service reg-
j D.cnt of six companies, a general con
struction service regiaictit, an engi
neer supply service detachment of
three companies, three workshop com
panies and one service battalion; a
battalion of topographical engineers to
J provide a surveying and printing senr-
ice; a road service detachment, with,
three road engineer companies and six
service battalions of four companies
leach; ten motor truck companies of
thirty-one trucks each, and five wag-
Ion companies with sixty-one wagons
each.
I A standard gauge railway service
The extension of the German lines ! 19 to be maintained by five regiments
to Petrograd. or the Austro-Itulgarian j of sPecial railway engineers lin the
lines to Odessa, is by no means a mill- I flrst nnJr of the 11,h- 1Stn- 16,h- 17,a
Imnnasihilitv Rut hnw umii.l , Buu Jlu """" anuj Cllavm,
If It Falls?
The war ha from the first,
brought right home to Africa.
tary
such operations profit the central pow
ers? Neither Petrograd nor Odessa
, is vital to Russia. The retiring Rus- I
been isians would destroy existing stocks of
The
1 with eight supplemental work bat-
I talions.'
For line of communication work
there will be a separate standard
sage of cheer and consolation in time
of war weariness than the message in
the eyes and in the gait of every Amer-
to Buckingham Palace to march by
the king of a people as free as those
of the great republic and to hear the
lean soldier who passed through our i greatest cheer ever raised in London,
city. That message was, "We mean I t field marshal's uniform the king
to see it through." 1 galuted each section as it passed, and
London Makes Holiday. those who were near him saw the
Very early in the m'orning people j prjde in his eyes and the smiles as
selected their viewpoints and waited j he talked, a little later, to Mr. Lloyd
patiently, watching the enormous , George.
crowds that 'joined them. Traffic was
diverted or stopped altogether. Shops
were shut and business was suspend
ed. And later the meeting of the war
cabinet itself was. adjourned so that
the prime minister and bis colleagues
might become as the people of the
streets, making greeting to the men
who "mean to see it through."
Mounted police headed the proces
sion. Following was the band of the
Life Guards and then came the
Americans. Londoners are not very
ready to cheer. Theirs is the way of
silent tribute. But they forgot the
silly traditions of British reserve.
They might have been Irish or Ital-
Present with the king were Viscount
French, Sir Francis Lloyd, Colonel
Lassiter, the An erican military at
tache, and bis aid-de-camp. Captain
Warburton.
In the Green park the troops were
I allowed a brief rest, and after they
i had joined in the general cheers for
his majesty they had some refresh
: ment, and made their way to Water-
loo.
I And here they came to the final
stage in the journey so far as the
public was concerned, and perhaps
that is why there was an emotion
shown such as is rare in England. For j
Waterloo, to so many of us, is a liv-.
Wanderlust
four German colonies, 'over which the
ilwar extended, have an area more than
('four times as great as Gremany, and
lan m meir wno. enuiusiasm. roriing p,are of mystery and paini and
as the first Americans were seeu.!of the most joj.fu, home comillgs. But ;
cheers were raised, such, as have nev-jwe have nad to hide our enlotions,!
er been heard In London. jBnd tUere have been no Dands and :
Aloig the roadway, strewn with the I no great cheer8 t0 help our goM.
petals of roses flung by women, the j p,. all 8tations whence men i
Americans marched. In the distance. have 8et off t0 the warg It ha8 j
they looked a little like Australians. I ,n gjlence and ,n darUnes8. j
They wore the familiar slouch bat, But now it was splendidly different
tied with red cord and canvas gaiteis Tne Dands wm there maklng j
music, with American national airs. :
The station was crammed with peo-
and they carried their rifles with sui
the neatness of the experienced cam
paigner. Stern, grave of face, they were
pie. 'Before the soldiers (entrained
women from the .station canteen
.w&uiS .ukn. uu, u cuiuu., 6howered cigarettes on them, and
01 rue stupendous importance or meir
mission. It seemed, indeed, as if to
them this was as much, the road to
the war as the shell broken, dusiy
highways of France.
Saluting "Old Glory."
hurried along with trays of fruit
Although no one was allowed on
the departure platform, hundreds of
people bought penny tickets
Summer gone, and autumn is old;
The dark grows long and its crisp air cold;
Winter comes with her challenge bold : ,
The Call of the Open Road.
Fortune's veteran, a pawn to die
In a distant land, alone;
Deep in a quiet grave to lie
Unmarked, unsung, unknown
This is the price that must be paid
To go that Road heart unafraid!
Faith within, and a simple prayer
To the God of Men for strength to bear;
Master of soul, J damn the dare
And out on the Open Road.
What of the end that surely comes,
And what of the deathmound heap?
What of the cost that finally sums?
Pay it! 'Tis poor and cheap.
Hope and Cheer in my caravan,
! ' I walk the Open Road a Man.
Dempster O.
fnnH with th rpSH that the central I Sauge railway contingent of six bat-
i powers would have greater territories ,tali of railway engineer troops for
to hold with no corresponding increase mree m-.fe oai.ai-
ln available resources. Either opera- ions and one regiment (19th national
tion would involve a lengthening of I &rnW engineers) and one for supple-
. J m Ant n 1 Anoinoai1 KottiltAti ant
j there has been long and hard fighting j lines of defense requiring an alui-1 . . .. TTl " rT
!in all of them except in Togo. Outside tional half million men. These might , ' J"a, L Jhe
land within these areas of actual war-j be found if a sufficiently favorable ,8na 8upply department.
rare live thousands or wnites wno arai"1""11 'rau'1 o.mv .H " 1
intensely interested in the European) new defeats were certain to increase 1
'struggle. It may surprise many to I the social disorders in Russia, or!
iknow that not a few of these whites, strengthen the separatist rorces in tin-;
(i even in the depths of Africa, are re-I land and the Ukraine. Germany might. That new party organized at Chi
,'ceiving the essence of the news every I be willing to pay the price entailed ; oago ia9t week may not be a thing
day and are well informed as to the mnicting mem. uui u is more to d,8miss w,tn a sneer if it can bring
most vital facts of the day's war his-! probable that a serious German of- to bear in support of such things as
torj- " j fensive in Russia would consolidate j single tax and public ownership and
When Livingstone died on the south i Russian resistance. The Russian sit- j the social democratic program, the
coast of Lake Bangweolo. 44 years ! uation is a striking illus'ration of the 1 fervor, the machinery, the respectable
ago. England did not hear the "news j Impotence of military force to achieve j force and the financial resources of
The New Party
substantial results except as an aux-
t . v . 1 -
is only 135 miles from Elizabethville, ; "iary to political aim mor. iurlr
In the southeast part of the Belgian j "
for 10 months. The place of his death
1 . .1 - : i . t - t : 1 .1 : 1 1
Congo, where two newspapers now
print war dispatches from Europe
every day. This town stands in the
great copper region of Katanga, with
An Optimist
"I'm surprised to find you w
a large white population and 30,000 ; over a gun." commented the gentle
Murphy.
Belgians Smile at Death
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20. To fa?e 1 open in the ruins and they were send-
which 1 privation, torture and death with coin-' lng off their mail in the most ap-
gave them admiss ion to the platform j
the!
Louder and still louder rose
cries as the Stars and Stripes came in 1
view.. Soldiers in the crowd saluted;:
men raised their hats, and (women I
threw their flowers and waved their Lady'
handkerchiefs and some of them sob
bed happy tears of pride as no man
or woman need remember with shame.
At intervals passed the bands of
the Grenadier Guards, the Irish Guards
with their kilted pipers, the Welsh
and the Scots Guards, while flagbear
ers with the Stars and Stripes, and
in one instance with the regimental
colors of the unit to' which most of
the men belonged, headed detachments.
Night Piece
TO HE NEXT LOHt) "
MA VOI? OF LONDON
fig. : y
1
:'V"J
' 'Pi
the world is old, and we are
young.
The world is old tonight and full of
tears ,
And tumbled dreams and all its song3
are sung.
And echoes rise no more from the . Belgium with his family.
tomDeti years. : A price i on his head and if he
Lady, the world is old, but we are 1 were t0 ,.etUrn he would be shot. For
young. j tne ja8t vear j,e j,as been living with
: his family at Richmond, near London,
Once only shines the mellow moon : nd to ,hi COIinfrv a fpw weeks
posure takes courage, but there are proved manner.
many people who have done that and ( "The German method, which is so
"gone under." To face them with a 1 excellent in matters of routine and
smile and a merry word argues the j discipline is, however, what makes
possession of immortal qualities. It ! them so extraordinarily stupid in poll
is the explanation of the unquenchable : tics," he went on. "A German i:
spirit of Belgium and France, accord-1 trained to think in sequence. If one
ing to Gaston de Leval of the Hrur,- i man mys 'A' the next one says 'B,' and
sels bar, the man who defended the so on. Now, in politics, to be suc
English nurse, Edith Cavell, during the . cessful, when one man says 'A' it is
civil proceedings in her "mock" trial. ; often nec essary to answer 'X.' and do
For this he was compelled to leave 1 it quickly.
' Horrors of Invasion Were jMany.
black men in its mines. Nearly 600
miles to the west is the large native
kingdom of Lunda. Some 30 Bel
gians, who direct Its industries, are
eager for war news.and so the dis
patches printed at Elizabethville are
sent on by wireless, which is now
spreading the news to many parts of
Africa.
The cable lines that skirt all the
coasts of Africa are the basis of the
present prompt war news service.
England first connected Africa with
Europe by ocean cables. In the famous
battle of Isandhiwana. South Africa,
fought in 1879 between British and
Zulus, the native warriors killed in a
day, with their javelins, 800 of Uie
untisn regulars, it was important :o
inform the British government of the
great calamity as soon as possible,
but there was no cable, and it was
five weeks before the news reached
Europe. The English then encircled
Africa with cable lines: and theie
have been supplemented by cables o
other nations far into the interior, an'i
wireh'ss extensions of the telegraph
ic service.
Even the Sahara desert is now part
ly belted by a telegraphic line, a
French enterprise, with wireless ex-
stranger at Crimson Gulch.
"Well." replied Broncho Bob, "Three
finger Sam is on a rampage and he has
dropped some hints that he is particu
larly irritated against me."
"But you ought to be an optimist."
"What's an optimist?"
"An optimist is a man who smiles
and believes everything will turn out
for the best."
"Well. I ain't an optimist this min
ute. But I will be as soon as I get
this automatic oiled an' some car
tridges into her." Washington Star.
the prohibititraist organization. Here
tofore prohibitionism has been conser
, vative in its one-ideaedness. The new
! arrangement of alliance will broaden
j its scope, while prohibition will givn
the single taxers, social democrats.
orking ' "ub"c ownership men, proportional
represeiuaiionisi.s anu omers. new anil
sympathetic audiences. The strong
point of the new cave of Adullam is
its loyalty, its repudiation of all for
eign and hostile proposals of action.
This new national party may not elect
many congressman and will surely not
elect a president, but it will make the
framers of the platforms of the old
parties bid for the support of its votes.
Ready's Mirror.
"Can your wife see two sides of a
question?"
"Yes; her gown and her mother's."
Rosary
I know not how, but as I count
The beads of former years.
Old laughter catches at my throat
With the very feel of tears.
so fair.
horrors in Brussels during the Ger
man advance. The'night Louvain was
taken there were, according to his
account, four hundred refugees in thoj
American legation at Brussels. One
old woman came in who had walked 1
. aco to sneak at the meeting of the
One speck of Time is love's Eternity. An)erlran aHSOCiation at Saratoga
once only can tne stars so ngnt youriear,y next month , t)p wnolc way
. Jh!lr' I Tells of Belgium Courage. I "After the German occupation 01
And the night make your eyes my; sn,ethi,1E about ! Brussels I saw a cartload of Jesuit
psaltery.
Lady, the world is old. Let us be
young.
Let us take hand
nicnt end.
' My heart is but a lamp to light your
; way,
j My song your counsellor, my lave your
j friend,
1 Your soul is the shrine whereat I
j kneel and pray,
j Lady, the world grows old. Love still
j is young.
From Today (London.)
1 When asked to tell something about
! his people, M. de Leval said: j Fathers brought in hound to be tried
! "Well, thev are leadinc Hie Germans ' and shot," he said. "I-ater when I
la dance. They can't understand the went to Antwerp after the inhabitants
j Belgians' love of a joke, which he j had left I roamed through deserted
ere the swift mo j Qften in(,u m to hj4 own r(.srrl . trets. where there were only hungry
I
when the strong arm of Schrwklich
keit descends on Jiim.
"The Germans also have never been
able to make our people work. In a
town near Brussels the German com
mander offered eight marks a day and
plenty of good food to the starving.
Mr. Charles Hanson. M. P.
Mr. Charles Hanson, member of
parliament for Bodmin, will be the
new lord mayor of London Mr.
Hanson is chairman of the Cre&ham
lusurnnr company.
If this little world tonight
: Suddenly should fall through space,
In a hissing, headlong flight
' Shrivelling from off its face,,
' As it falls into the sun
; In an instant every trace
'Of the little crawling things
Ants, philosophers, and lice,
Cattle, cockroaches and kings.
1 Beggars, millionaires, and mice,
; Men and maggots all as one
' As it falls into the sun
! Who can say but at the same
Instant from some "planet far
A child may watch us and exclaim:
"See the pretty b hoot ing star!"
penniless men of the village. Not one 1 would run, from 11s. An automobile
was willing to take it exc ept a husk? ' always meant Germans to Lhem. The
fellow, who walked up and said he 1 children would cower and hold up
would take a job. 'That's the right their little hands hands. In spite of
'spirit.' said the officer in charge. 'Now I all reports. I am told that deportation
I what's your trade, my man?" 'Grave is still going on in Belgium and that
j digger,' was the reply, which earned j the conditions among the Belgians in
i him a term in prison. The women are : Germany beggars description."
jjust as wonderful as the men, both in j In spite of his many preoccupations
j France and Belgium." j M. I) IjivcI has had time, to observe
j M. de Leval believes that the won-' and admire American women,
derftil organization of the German j "I find the the most delightful cr
! will enable them to utilize their re- atures in the world," lie said, "keen,
I sources to the very last and he does alert, intelligent, charming. Their on
1 not look for an early peace. "I wis i ly cifect Is that they are a bit t
; particularly struck with one little in-' matter of fact and placid In their af
1 cidont at Lou vain which illustrates ! fee tiotis.
I their methodical ways." he said.! "An English woman is cold by tern
I "Within twelve hours after the cap-1 pera.iient, an American woman by
ture of the town their postoffice was 1 training."
.......I.... TtniKiilrlil Thii. .1.1.. AnA
He gave a graphic desenptou of the. . . , . ,
. ' ... 1 mvstenous citv of the Sudan is now
in touch with the great events of the
day. The Belgian Congo is efficient
ly served by the French cable to Li
breville and the land line to Stanley
Pool, where navigation of the I'pper
Congo begins. The news is then
wired up the Congo to the mouth of
the Kasal river, 370 miles above the
mouth of the Congo, and then by wire
less to Stanley Falls. 870 miles above
the Kabul.
These are "only the min-e conspicu
ous examples of the great progress
tha,t has been made in bringing the
former Park continent into close
touch with the rest of the world. It
seems possible that a condensation of
the leading war news of yesterday j
may be read by many persons in
Africa before it is distributed to the
American public, for the sun Is blaz
ing in the African sky while dark
ness still covers the western world.
cats and furtive, hulf starved dog.
The silence in the residence distri"t
was terrible;.
Feared Own Relief Workers.
"When I went with agents of the
Belgian relief into the country dis
trict to distribute food, the people
EX-PRESIDENT TAFT IS HAPPY OX
HIS SOLDIER-SOX'S WEDDIXG DAY
s.- , -V.', BJV , k. I
r .KV 1:1" .'V-,-- 1;
m .Generosity
MaJ. Charles I. Taft and Miss Eleanor
Kellogg Chase was a happy one for
the ex-president. While the picture
was primarily taken because of the ;
An old fellow on. his deathbed. in!o background nuiires. us presenia-
makinc his will, murmured to his law- ""n on mis pape is uue io ine s.umm
yer: 'And to each of my employes
who has been with me twenty years
or more I bequeath 2000 pounds."
"Holy smoke What generosity!" the has been one of the busiest men in
law yer exclaimed. "No. not Ht all." I America eer since leaving the White
said the sick man. "You see. none llouso. Entering immediately Into the
of Iheni has been with me over a year, satisfactory but iinremuneiative pro
but it will look good in the papers. fession of an educator, he gave hlm
won't it?" Liverpool I'ost. jself wholeheartedly to the task of
I bringing out the best in the young
Rumor is a great liar. ' men under him at Yale. The daubers
lira. Eleanor Kellogg Chat Taft, Sergeant Major CharW P. las t anJ ?x-
I'resident Taft
The recent wedding day of Sergt. 'of a college training are a false idea
of manliness, a talse conception of
good fellowship, and a false Interpre
tation of true sportsmanship. It is.
hen. fortunate for Yale and her stu
dents that they have on their faculty
a man who has all his life kept his
mind and soul and body clean a man
whose word is the word of his alma
mater: "Lux et Veritas"; LUhl aud
Truth.
Since the entry fo the I'nited States
In the wir. Taft has been made u
major general in command of the
American "Re,i Cross. No better man,
no sincerer worker, and no liner gen
tleman could have been selected for
the position.
face of the erstwhile chief executive.
Well Loved
The best-loved man in America"' l i -
"ret.
j; !
J. ih E
THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 21, 1917.
Buy Uo S Government
OF THE
J
:COND LIBERTY h
A Safe Investment A Great Duty!
LIBERTY BONDS the best and safest investment you can make are
America's guarantee to make the World safe for Democracy.
How can you serve yourself and your country better then to respond to
the call of our Great Leader, President Wilson?
"I summon you to a great duty, a great privilpRe, a shining dignity and distinction.
I shall expect every man who is net a slacker to be at my side throughout this
great enterprise. In it no man can win honor who thinks of himself."
i
safe. The dcllar in your
Htis-
nd our t. -'bors
ofC!frie y be
'ai'"ont Z "Pn our -t 'ne
eanh -r ""n jl YL of rZ M
Amid the horrors and ravages of this World- Liberty Bonds are safe. The dcllar in 3
vide catastrophe, with its millions and millions pocket, the land you own is no safer!
ol tragedies one great central fact stands out: How hestiate to buy? Don't
Amer ca s duty menca s rare privilege to make ycurelf "How much can I spars?" Say "i
t i wwww ..-.WW. J .
U. S. Government Liberty Bonds are our
guarantee that our duty will be fulfilled. It is
your personal duty to see that you measure up to
your individual part of that responsibility.
It is no gift that the Government asks of you.
It is a rare opportunity offered you, to invest your
money in the safest way possible, and at the
same time perform your part cf our Nations
Creat Daly!
ask
Liberty JBond Facts
1. Are U.S. Government Bonds.
2. Bear 4 per cent interest.
3. Exempt from normal tax.
4. Sold on installments. $2 down
on each $100 of Bonds pur
chased; $13 Nov. 15, 1917;
,$40 Dec. 15, 1917; $40 Jan.
15, 1918.
5. Convertible if later bonds
bear higher interest rate.
6. Mature Nov. 15, 1942 but
may be redeemed by Govern
ment on and after Nov. 15,
1927.
7. Are transferable and can
readily be converted into cash
at any time.
8. Place your order now through
your Banker, Bond Salesman,
Postmcster or Department
Store and get 10 others to
do the same.
up the "na comn,'"' y whhi
upo0 the An?
"im l.-f. . - na to -VesJs
loSS "en of
" forG " .
jwsee. access.' "
.'"on O0r C1,.
- oeman -icefu, the
th-
la CT
ln'T own-'"? ccord.r"ve and
"P'. 5 to too
m .
tV
uJ,"e ht fo, ror Pe.ce
JU tbe Lht "cb n; !"I
: 1
BUY U.S. GOVERNMENT BONDS
the best and safest investment you
can make. Buy to your utmost limit!
Insure Democracy for yourself, your
family, your Country, your Race!
Buy U. S. Government Bonds Now!.
j C "'
LIBERTY BOND COUPON
T N - 1 . A n4 1 1 t a
lioerry xonas ai tyo are me Desi ana saxesi mvesnnem yuu
can make. Take this coupon to your banker, your postmaster, or
nnn nVUr i-ffiMi1 onH Vio 7il1 that mi tt or tVici-r it-it ion 1Q talrpn
care of.
I also agree to sell ten of my friends U. S. Bonds.
I hereby subscribe for $
of the Second Liberty Loan.
Name . '
Address
I
11 f
f -y 11 owi
1 f Ais today and take it to your banker
THIS SPACE DONATED BY
S IS
DAILY REVIEW
FIVE
t
i
i ;
i
s ' . 1
Alii' '!
Li
1 I I : !
1 :
! 1
ii
I I
1
':
: 'i
, i
iii
i)
1
1
stasis?
, , ,
urn if IWtjj V 1
j p?:; SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOEER 21, 1917.
T
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK FINANCIAL.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20 Professional
Interests and pools dominated to-oay s
brief but active dealings in stocks
again, concentrating largely upon war
Issues.
Shippings responded
to overnight
advices with gains of 1 to Bvi
points, Atlantic, Gulf and West In
dies being tHe strongest feature.
Steels and kindred equipments In
creased recent advances by 2 to 4
points and metals overcame their de
pression. Utah Copper, (or example,
rising 4 points.
The more extreme gain also Includ-
1 T o 1 1 n .T AAAtnAMvA which nd-
vanced 5 points to 61 on reports of!
an approaching "stock" dividend:
Texas Company, 4: Cuban-American
Sugar. 5; American Tobacco, 4,
and Republic Iron. 3.
United States Steel, the Bethle
hems, Lackawanna and Crucible
Steels kept pace. Closing prices were
from fractions to 1 points below the
top. Sales amounted to '440,000 shares.
The bank statement again reflected
local cyiditions incident to the flota
tion of the second Liberty lean. Ac
tual loans expanded by about, $14.
000.000, demand and time deposits
showed a combined contraction of
$34,500,000, and reserves increased by
almost J26.000.000.
Bonds were slightly lower with
many transactions 3 -at 99.70 to
99.72.
Total bond sales, par value,
$2,520,000.
were
LTnited States bonds, old issues,
were unchanged on call Jor the week,
GRAIN MARKET.
CHJCAGO, Oct 20. With husking
at hand in the main section of the
corn belt, and with the outlook prom
ising generous returns, corn prices to
day slid downward and there was a
decided smash in the cost of provis
ions. Corn closed nervous, to lMe
lower at 114 to 11V4 December, and
109 to V)4i May. Oats lost to
c. The setbaclf in provisions
ranged from 50c to $2.30.
A gradual but almost uniform de
scent of prices took place in the corn
market. The general forecast pointed
to continuance of fair weather and
low temperatures, whereas a return
of moisture and warmth had been ex
pected to interfere with best results
in preparing the bulk of the crop.
Optimism increased owing to good re
turns from fields already busked,
notably in central Ohio, where yields
were said to average 50 bushels an
acre.
Weakness of oats resulted from
sympathy with corn. 1
Sensational price breaks which, ac
companied urgent selling of provis
ions came for the most rart after
opinions from experts had been cir
culated that the potential hog supply
had been generally put too low, and
that the receipts of hogs would be on
a broad, scale when the feeding of
the 1917 corn crop had taken effect in
earnest.
CONDITIONS
NEW YORK. Oct. 20. Liquidation
in the stock market came to a sudden
halt this week after prices had suf
fered almost steady depreciation for
two months or more. The recovery
had its origin in well-defined develop
ments, chief among them being the
strides made in the second Liberty
loan campaign and the vastly improv
ed Industrial outlook.
The vigorous rebound in war shares
was the most noteworthy feature, ex
tending from 10 to 20 points.
Steels and allied issues also owed
much of their recovery to a cessation
of the pessimism that attended re
cent offerings of those stocks. Con
ditions in the steel industry, as dis
closed by the recent report of the
Republic Iron and Steel company,
pointed to the continuance of unex
ampled prosperity, despite heavy fed
eral imposts.
Rails made less response than other
stable securities to the favorable news
of the week, but rallied 2 to 5 points
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
Jerome
and
Oatman
Stocks
JACK BUILDING
MAIN ST, PHONE 26
iodpr
LEASED WIRE
, from recent minimum. No definite
j resulis are expected from the hearing
ior nigner raies Deiore tne interstate
commerce commission for several
weeks at least, but the attitude of
state and local commissions toward
J the transportation companies is re-
garded as far more encouraging.
The only clear reflection of events
abroad was seen In the fresh collapse
of Russian exchanee. that movement
accompanying the Russian reversal In
the Baltic.
CLEARING HOUSE BANKS
NEW YORK. Oct. 20.-The actual
cnnHitinn nf cipnriiKr hniiaM
and trust companies for the week
serve in excess of leeal requirements.
This Is a decrease of 325.983:320 from :
last week.
COTTON MARKET (B M Jletherton)
NEW YORK." Oct. 20. The cotton, v ' Bi(,
market closed today steady at an -jAdams .02
vance of 1 point on October, but 8en" Arizona Rex
erally 16 to 25 points net lower. Ariz-Tom R.. .. .1 ...... .03
. . . iGold Ore 23
MtlAL MARKET
NEW
YORK. Oct. 20. Bar silver,
NEW YORK
Closing Quotations October 20, 1917ijom Ree(j
(By L. J. Overlock.) . JUnited Eastern'.'.' ..
Anaconda G4 United Northern .. ..
American Can 424 ! United Western
American Car . 68H I
American Locomotive 59
American Smelter 88!
American Sugar 107
Atchison 94'
Baldwin 60'4
C. F. and I 39
Canadian Pacific
150,
Central Leather .. . .: 77
Crucible .' 69
Distillers 29
Erie ...
19
General Motors 96
Industrial Alcohol 117
Marine 27
Marine Pfd 87
Midvale 47U
Mexican Petroleum 87
New York Central 74
Northern Pacific 97
Reading 76
Rep Steel 80
Studebaker 42
Steel 107 !
Steel Pfd 113!
St. Paul : 49iArIzona Butte
boutnern Facinc s
Sinclair 35
Texas Oil 149
Union Pacific ' 124
U. S. M '. 53
Westinghouse 48
BOSTON
Adventure V,
Allouez '58
Allouez Commercial 8
Alaska 3
Butte .. 19
C. and H 490
C. and A 67
Chief Range 50
Chino 44
East Butte 10
Granby 70
Green Can 38
Goldfield 33
Hancock , 10
Indiana 1
Inspiration 46
Kennecott 34
Keweenaw 1
Lake 7
La Salle 3
Miami 31
Mohawk
Mayflower 2
Nevada 18
North Butte 13
Nip 7
01d Dominion 41
Osceola ... 64
Pond Creek 91
Quiney 68
Ray Con 23
Shattuck 20
Shannon ... 5S4
St. Marys 58
Utah Copper S3
Utah Con 12
Wolverine 36
Winona . . .' 2
CURBS
Arkansas and Arizona
S
1
13
1
Austin
' Arizona Silver King
Big Ledge
Butte and London
Calumet and Jerome
Cornelia 15;
Con. Arizona 1
jCon Copper 8
'Cnrtiss 33
Denn 18
Dundee j
Emma ,
uaasaen
Green Monster ;
G. Island 18 ,
Hull 30 ;
Howe Sound 4
Magma Copper 43 !
Hecla 6
Inspiration Needles
Jerome Verde 1
Jerome Victor I
Jerome Portland 60
Shoe
Shop
Magma Chief
'Miami Con 5
Magnate
i Pitta Jerome .' Si
Ray Here '
i Santa Rita V
Tom Reed 45
tin It ed Eastern 3'4
Verde Ex.
Verde Combn
Wol. Arizona
White Caps I'i
West End 65
Wright Martin 86
NEW YORK. Oct 20. The action
... . . i.ju
or tne copper snares tonay is mu. -
tive of an oversold condition and the
demand for most classes of stocks is
. . ... u
improving, ana tne cnaroiier ui mc
'buying In steel Is rather Impressive.
Rumors are again afloat that the
n.M.i.. Tmiiv enmnanv will de-
clare a rather liberal stock dividend.
! made within the next couple of wepks.
LOCAN j& BRYAN.
lib1
03
.-o
.06
2j
, . D .
.05
.15
UU1U JVTVTU
r,ltr
Lucky Boy 02
.03
.05
Sunnyside 04
. Telluride
.10,
.45
3.50
.04
.02
.4M
3.75 1
.06 i
.03
Red LIon
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden 2.00
Green Monster 56
Butte London 13
Dundee : 50
" 5
13
" - -
Venture Hill " 10
Pitts-Jerome 50
Jerome Verde .. .. : 1.12
Ark-Arizona 05
'jq
n
Jerome Portland 48
Ins-Needles '. . . .06
Hull Copper 30
Magma Chief - .37
Wolv-Arizona 1-50
Miami Mother Lede ....
Verde Com 75.
Miami Con 05
Bisbee Copper
Butte Arizona ?
Santa Cruz Bisbee
,5
50
1 71;
1.10
.7
.08
n
'
,
uai
.27
.50
.50
.10
Jerome Daisy
Nacozari Con..
v-ppde Adpz ..
.17
1.7a
Calumet and Jerome
.1.62
Fitzsimmons In
His Last Battle
CHICAGO, Oct. 19. Robert Fitz
simmons, former champion heavy
weight pugilist, who has been danger
ously iil of lobar pneumonia at a hos
pital here tor several days, was re-
ported tonight as "in the same condi-i
tlon be has been since arrival at this
hospital."
While physicians said he was conscious,-
his chances for recovery were
not improved. The vitality of the
veteran was pronounced remarkable,
lobar pneumonia being pronounced the
ni6st serious form of that disease.
Mrs. Fitzsimmons who has been at
her husbands bedside continually was
ordered to bed today by physicians as
she was on the verse of a collapse.
Tonight it was reported she had re
turned to her vigil at Fitzsimmon's
bedside.
Rrfp ported artnat irrelopmrata.
Know what Campaale are la proves
aonea. thai are ernitl developta
aad proper!? flaaored. Wonderful protit-mukinr epportuaitlea
eKt la iwaar low -priced Wyonjtnjr oil stocks. Make year tn
ei ment InteWrentl.r. Sfoar name and addreea brine three
ftiitiitlin' free MilMTintion ia oar weekly and monthly rewa
l4ttrr, and aleo entitle yoa ta receive free detailed report from
ear tatiMftral department oa any Ctfmpaay In which you may be
talerrfctrd. The InonuaUoa received from week to week zaat
aad make yoa many dollars, aad caUtlla ao obllfatloa.
Addraas
WILSON, LACKEY & COMPANY
Mcmbcn Vtm AmyeiM Stock EzchanKe,
414 I. W. lIcllmaB Dulldlnc, Los Antrim Calirorala.
Warren Basin Gopper Mining Co.
OF DOUGLAS, ARIZONA.
C. H. MELCHER, Pres. G. W. PRATT, Sec
A. Y. WRIGHT, Treas.
Our property is located in the Warren Mining District, five miles
from Bisbee, and a good auto road all the way to the property. Call
and see our Local Agents, In the Allen Block, and examine the ore
that they have in their window. Mr. Millard has thoroughly examined
the property and can explain it in detail.
A small number of shares are offered at 15c per. share
MILLARD & BATEMAN
Local Agents.
Allen Block BISBEE
WeFix'Em
WHILE
COPPERS TAKE Fill
PLACE II THE WEEK
END STOCK TRADING
The slirt hours of Saturday trailing
were more favorable to sentiment In-1
cllnlng to recovery of share prices j
than at any time during the week. This i
. view is based upon the fact that short
lines were apparently covered against i
' Tiaaihlo avd Ciin1vr JAi'alnnmanta nf !
, -
s iffening character Covering of this ;
class is generally based upon more.
than cliance evnortatinn Most of the
- - , " .
PPe notably firmer It is
Perha?8 seeP'nS ln'- he P"bI,c mInd
that the good ones among the coppers
aic inc iMgrhi UHrgaiiiH on nif iiiui-
ket. Greene Cananea was up and
1 ke's? Co"- Boh 'fse ,
should be good Por nice profits during '
. the coming week, Greene on the 1
strength of the $5,000,000 in gold which
Washington has arranged to give Mex-
ico in exchange for Mexican dollars
. . .. , ... .
: uu oy rraB.m oi wnicn arrangement u
1 13 understood that Mexico will lift "s
practical embargo on cOpper and sil -
ver and arrange in other ways so that
I American mining interests can get
j back into production in Mexico. New
; Cornelia stiffening should proceed fur-
( ther under benefit of the excellent re-
port as to conditions at the property
which the directors are able to make
a iull ui uieir visu 10 rtJu lnK the place for the transaction of the
week. Bearing upon the general Bit- busines3 of said estate in said county
uation of the producing coppers is the!f Cochise.
1 fact that through Its Mexican negoti
.25 i ations and in other recent ways the
j government has given it to be plainly
understood that there is a shortage of
2.06 copper nd that It is coming to under
9 ! stand that to raise the 'output to act
ii ual war needs there must be more con-
1 slderation extended the metal, partial-1
larly as affecting the small producers j
jupan the aggregate of whose output!
I uie nit tin uaiaiice mnea. i iieKiiiHii
j producer cannot output copper at 23
cents with profit under existing costs
of labor, steel, fuel, etc. That the
government, may increase me price ev-
en before tne expirmti'on of the present
i fnnr nmnttio trial nriul la a prnwinp
' " " K...- -
:i.:n... rrkA r.. u - i : . .. r
tiusaiuuiLj. im wu iiihi ucu.cij ui
I i - n . . i : i
.yjVVw iim nui ut-t-u pciiiiiLicu i to exhibit them, with the necessary
private consumers by the government j vouchers within four months after the
and that the latter are for the most i ..v.i: .i .i,i ,t
I
' nqrl In a dacnaiHitA atiiioliAn ia nnnlh.
Va. o. -w.-.c '
er factor that is nneninz the eves and
" - - - -
having much bearing on the attitude
of that part of the public paying at-
tention to copper issues. With all this
is growing -understanding that man -
j agement of exceptional character has , Executor of the last will and testament
j put the chopper products in a very- 0f Archie Dozoys.
, strong position, behind which they Dated Bisbee. Arizona, this 13th day
I are able to face most any manner of jf October. 1917.
emergency that the government may j Publication, October 21, 1917.
i finA It n Atoeo.) i-v f anfrtMA nml etttll hml
able to meet the financial obligations
under which they are to their share
holders. Few if any issues enjoy as
solid a situation as that of the cop
pers when brought under close analy
sis. They assure not only safety for
their owners but continued activity
and prosperity for their employees as
Pong as the latter are willing to stand
by their guns, accept high pay and
good working conditions and turn deaf
ears to anti-government propagandists.
AMERICAN STUDENTS HOUSE.
j above described, before J. D. Taylor,
PARIS The municipal council of j U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee," Arizona
Paris has offered a thousand yards j on the 23rd day of November, 1917.
square of ground on the Champ de i Claimant names as witnesses:
Mars, where the exposition of 1900 1 John Horning, John G. Pfeiffer, Ed
was located, to American universities! ward H. Taylor, Mrs. J. F. Parvin, all
for the construction of the "American of McNeal. Arizona,
students' house." It is understood i J. L. IRVIN.
that the work of construction will be-
gin at an early date.
FREE
SUBSCRIPTION
Wat
ARGUMENTS TO JURY
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PELLEVILLE. II!.. Oct. 19. Argil-
' menta were begun this afternoon in
! the circuit c'jurt here in the cases of
, Harry Robinson , John . Dow and
Charles Hanna. on trial charged with
the murder of William Keyser. a tner
' chant, during the East St. Louis riots.
It is expected the cases will go to the
jury tomorrow afternoon.
NEW DISCOUNT RATE
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Oct. 19. The fed-
Prai reserve board approved, effective
a (liarf)unt ra,e of on
arceptancPS and commodity pa-
1
per maturing wit'un 60 days, and a
I ,)f 4 cfint on
; turlne in from fi Oto 90 davs for re-
serve bank of San Francisco.
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
Jn t,,e supPrior court ln Uie county of
j rnt.h,A. nf Ari7ona.
Estate 'of Mary A. Ensasser, deceas-
I '
pd Notice ,g nereby give by the ..
j dersigned, administrator of the estate
, of Mary A EnBasserf deceased, to the
! crp(Utorg of and a person8 having
, ,oimo ..,,.. MiH HPB..H p
j n,b,t them wUh the necegsary VOU(.n.
fou. montns after the first
j publication of thu notice' to the said
n(,ministrator at the law offices of Sam
I H Kyle Bisbee. Arizona, the same be-
PHILLIP ENGASSER.
Administrator of the estate of Mary A.
Engasser, deceased.
Dated Bisbee. Arizona, this 13th day
of October. 1917.
First Publication. October 21, 1917.
Adv-912.
I
NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
In the superior court, in the county of
Cochise, state of Arizona:
Estate of Archie Dozoys, deceased.
Notice is hereby given by the under-
j ginned, execut'or of the last will and
; testament of Archie Dozoys, deceased,
! . . . i 1 -. ,
to Uie creuuurs oi aim an persons uav-
: . ! .
lng cajmg against the said deceased,
!
lllSb !UUULailU UI HUB IIUUIC III HIC
I . . . .... -
saw executor at tne law omces oi j. i.
i t.,i. d:.k.. ,i,nn ,v, i.
i;ivi, xiisucc, ixi itiiiio, me oauii; u c
lnK the place for the transaction of the
j business of said estate, in said county
: 0j Cochise.
1 vimiutT witttm5
012016.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, October
13, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Freder-
' ick J. Murrell of Hereford, Arizona,
; who, on September 1. 1910, made Here-
j ford, Arizona. No. 012016, for NW1-4,
section 28. township 23S., range, 22E..
G. & S. R. B. & Meridian, has filed
j notice of intention to make flv year
proof, to establish claim to the land
Register.
First Publication October 17, 1917.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3167
Serial No. 035911
In Connection With Serial No. 02R5R7
United States Land Office, Phoenix,
Arizona
August 14. 1917
Notice Is hereby given that PIipIds
Podee Corporation, whose postofflce
address Is .BI"be. Arizona, has made
I application for patent for the follow,
jlng named lode mining claim, situate
In the Warren Mining District, Co
: cbise County, Arizona:
"ZEO"
I Beginning at Corner No. 1. the
, Southwest Corner whence United
I States Mineral Monument No. 4( War
ren Mining District bears South B0
32' 30" West 1992 feet: thence North
. 13 fi' Fast 88.60 feet to Corner No. 2.
the Northwest Corner: thence South
S8 42' Fast 192.B0 feet to Corner No.
3. the Northeast Comer: thence South
13 6' West 25.00 feet to Corner No.
4. the Southeast Comer: thence North
.77 59' West 182.90 feet to Comer
No. 1. the place of beeinning; contain
ing a total area of 0.238 acres, express
ly excluding area In conflict with sur
vey No. 3009 "Collins" lode, ci 0.052
acres. The presumed course of the
vein on this claim is from the South
erly end center North 69 4' West
184.6 feet
The location notice of said claim,
upon which this application Is based.
Is recorded ln the office of the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
"ZEO." Block 41, Records of Mines,
paee 393.
BestWorkmanship
Best Material
Lowest" Prices
The names of the adjoining claims Quen No. 2 lode tt 1.403 acres. The
are: On the North and East the "Col-1 presumed course of the vein on this
11ns" Survey No. 2009: on the Westicaim Ia from the North end center
"Arizona No. 4- Survey NU 2J27; andjc:outh 4. 49. East 905.8 feet,
on the South the "Angel" Survey No 1 "Don Miguel No. 4."
J. L. IRWIN.
Register.
First Pub. Aug. 17, 1917.
Last Pub. Oct. 24. 1917. 592
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING.
The annual meeting of the stock
holders of the El Paso & Southwestern
Railroad Company, for the electron of
directors to serve for the ensuing year,
and for the transaction of such other
business as may be properly brought
before the meeting, will be held at the
office of the company In Bisbee, Co
chise county. Arizona, on Monday, No
vember 12. 1917. at 12 o'clock noon.
GEORGE NOTMAN.
Secretary.
Adv 737
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
' UNITED STATES PATENT t
Mineral Survey No. 3277. Serial No.
0361?0. United States Land Office.
Phoenix, Arizona, August 31, 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Alfred
Paul, whose post Office address Is
Pouclas. Arizona, has made annlica
tion for nntent for the followina
named lode mining claims, situate ln
the Warren Mining District, Cochise
County. Arizona:
"Don Miguel"
Beeinntne at Comer N. 1. the
Southeast Comer, whence the tfest
Oimrter Comer of Section 30. Town
shin 23. South. Ranre 25 Fat. O. S.
R. B. ft M. bears South 85 3(5' Fat
4941.1 feet: thence North 69 39' West
1500 feet alone lines 1-5 and 2-3 Pnr
ver No. 2244. South Side and Gold Hill
lodes, respectively, to Comer Nt. 2.
the Southwest Comer: thence North
32 25' Fart 4R7.50 feet to Comer No.
3: thence Sonth 68 46' Fast 664.30
feet alflng line 3-2 and 4-5 Snrvey No.
1781 Cave lode and SnrvPT No. 2244
Hold Hill lode, respectively to Corner
No. : thnce North 43 52' Fast
1 63.20 feet along lines 2-1 and R of
Survpv No. 1781. Cave lode and Sur
vey N o. 2244. Gold Hill lode, respep
Mvelv. to Comer No. F: thence Sonth
69 38' 30" Fast 654.30 feet along
lines 3-2 and 6-1 Survey 1953 Rrven
lode and Survey No. 2244 Gold Hill
lode, respectively, to Comer No. 6. the
Northeast Comer: thence Sonth 4
49' East 236.40 feet to Comer No. 7:
thence Sonth 32 25' West 31.20 feet
to Comer No. 1. the plaee bf the be
e1nn1n:g containing a total area
17.917 acres. The presnmnd course of
the vein on this claim Is from the
West end center Sonth 69 29' East
1500 feet
Don Wen"! No. 1"
Reslnnine at Comer No. 1. the'
Northeast Comer, whence the West'
onarter Tomer of Section 30. Town-j
shin 23 Sonth. Ranee 25 Fast G. S j
R. B. & M. bears, sonth 85 37' Tast
40351 fot iAnr Shnth S S'i
Wst 584 foet to Comer No. 2. the!
Southeast Corner: thence North 69
52' Wet 6 feet to Comer No. 3
Identical with Comer No. 3 Snrvey No
2244 South Side lode: thnce Norh
48 52' Wesf 614 60 tyet alone lines S-4
and 1-5. Snrvey No. 221 1. Phuth Side
and Survey No. 2t88. Worren lodes,
respectively, to Comer No. 4. the
Southwest Comer: thence North 32
25' Fast 364.40 feet to Comer No. 5.
th Northwest Gomer: thence Rnntb
39' Fast 1506.40 feet to rrner
No. 1. the place of heelnnlne: contain
ing a total are of 18.277 acres. Ex
pressly exclndtne area In conflict
with Snrvey No. 1917. Rnneor Lode of
0.123 acres. The presptned course of
the vein on this claim Is from the East
end center North 68 26' West 1499.
fet
Don MIenel No. 2."
Beelnnine at Comer No. 1. the
Northeast Comer, whpnee the West
onarter Comer of Section 30. Town-
hip 23 Sonth. Ranee 25 Fast G. 9. ) tlons 25 and 36. Townhi 23 Sonth.
R. R. AT. heas South ?i 3n(TJanee 24 Fast and Spctions 30 and 31.
Fast 43'5 feet: thence South 32 23'jTownsh'n 23 South. Ranee 25 Fast .
West 974.10 feet to Comer No. 2. the' S. R. R. & M. hears South 77 12
Southeast ronter: thence Nbrth 59' West 443 9 fpet: thence North 76 05
48' West 581 40 fpet to Comer No. 3
the Sonthwet Comer: thppce North
32 25' East 974..10 feet to Comer No
4. the Northwest Tomer: thence
South 59 4S Fat 51 40 fppt to Cor
ner No. 1. the place f hr1nntne: con
taining a totsl area of 12 992 acres
Fvpresoly erclndlpe area In conflict
with Don MIenel No. 1 lode of this sur
vey, of 0.084 acres, and Survey No.
2019 Little Mary lode of 2.527 seres,
and Don MIenel No. 4 lode of this sur
vey of 0.866 acree. The presumed
course of the vein on this claim Is
from the North end center South 32
25' West 974.1 feet
"Don MIeuel No. 3"
Beelnnine at Comer No. 1. the
Southeast Comer, whence tie West
nnarter Comer of Section 30. Town
ship 23 Sonth. Ranee 25 Fast O. 4 8
R. R. & M. bears South 82 16' East
4606.1 feet: thence Mirth 59 48' West
176.80 feet to Comer No. 2. the South
west Comer: thence North 4 49'
West 906.80 feet to Comer No. 3. the
Northwest Comer; thence South 59
48' East 176.80 feet to Comer No. 4.
the Northeast Comer;: thence South
4 49' East 906.80 feet to Comer No.
1, the place of beginning; containing
a total area of 3.014 acres. Expressly
excluding area In conflict with Survey
No. 1953 Rryen lode exclusive of Its
conflict with Survey No. 2244 Blsbe
Allen Block
1. the
Northeast Comer, whence the West
quarter Comer of Section 30, Town
ship 23 South. Range 25 East G. tt S.
R. B. & M. bears North 75 35' East
3334.5 feet: thence South 51 17'
West 631.60 feet to Comer No. 2. the
Southeast Comer: thence North 53
22' West 1018 20 feet alone line 2 3.
Survey No. 2244. Bisbee Qneen lode to
Comer Ntj. 3: thence North 48 56'
West 447 feet to Comer No. 4. the
Southwest Comer: thenee North 51"
17' Fast 5"0 feet to Comer No. 5. the
Northwest Comer: thence Sonth 56
55' Fast 1500 feet to Comer No. 1.
the place of beeinning: rbntainine a
total area of 18.913 acres, expressly e.
cludine area In conflict with Survey
No. 2172 Lena lode of 0.043 acres. The
presumed course of the yln on this
claim Is from the Fat end center
North 56 55' West 1500 feet.
"Don MIemel No. 5 "
Beelnnine at Comer No. 1. the
Stwtheast Comer, whence the West
nnarir Comer of Section 30. Town
shin 23 Sonth .Ranre 25 st G. S.
R. R. M. hears North 23' Fast
SS4t 8 feet: thence Norih 87 11' Wet
148 90 feet to Comr No. 2. the South
west Comer: thence North RO '13'
West 1 50 Wt alone 1Ine 1- and 2 3
Snrvoy No. 2186 Maronette No. 1 de
and Survey No. 244 Rlshee Onen No.
3 lode respectively, to Comer No 3:
thence North 48 56' West 1001.00 feet
slnne 1'ne 6-5 and 3-4. Snrvey No.
2186. Morouette 1 lod and Snrrey No.
2244. Bisbe Oneen No. 3 lode repee
tlvelv. to (timer No. 4. the Northwest
Corppr: thence Sonth 7 11' Fast
127 10 feet to Comer No. 5. the North
east Corner: thence Sonth 48 55
Fast 915.30 feet alone line 5-6 Snrvey
No. 2244 Rlshee neen No. 3 lode to
Comer No. 6; thence stinth 55
Fast 120.10 fpt alone line -l Snrvey
No. 2244 Riqbpe Onen No. 3 lode to
Comer No. 1. the place of heiinnln-;
contalnlne a total area of 1 84 nrr.
expressly evcludine ares In conflict
with TVm MIenel No. 4 f this survey
of 0 827 acres. The presnmed eonrse
of the vein on thl claim 1 from tha
Sonth end center North 48 56 West
1013.1 feet
The locations notices of said claim
are recorded In the office of the ftmn.
tv Recorder of CocMse County. Art
Ton, as follows:
"Don MIenel." Book 54 Record of
Mines, paee 402:
"Don MIenel Nt. 1." Book 54 Rec
ord of Mines, paee 403:
"Don MIenel No 2." Book 54. Record
of Mines, paee 404
-Don MIenel No. 3." Book. 54. Rec
ord of Mines, paee 405;
Don MIenel Nn. 4 - Book 54. Rec
ord of Mines, paee 40:
"Don Vlenel No. 5 Book 54. Rec
ord of Mines, paee 407:
The parne of the d1on1ne clln
are: On the north the "Cave." TW
tie Marv' and "Mascot" lodes: on
the South. "Edith. "Lena." "Mamnette
1." "Cbra." "Baneor." "Buffalo." "rir
ens" and "Warren" lodes: on the East
T.ittle Flsie. Tittle Mary" and
"Ocatea" lodes; on the West 'Tait
Chance" lode.
J. L. IRVIN. Reenter.
First Publication. Sept 23. 1917
Last Publication. November 30. 1917.
NOTICE OP APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Sorvev No. 3279.. Serial No.
036119. United State Land Office.
Phoenix. Arizona, August 31. 1917.
Notice Is hereby elven that Alfred
1 Paul, whose postofflce address Is
Donelas. Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the followine narked
lode mining claim, sltnate In the War
ren Mining District Cochise County,
Arizona:
"Don MIenel No. 7"
Reelnnlne at Corner No. 1 the Sonth
ea.st Corner, whence te Corner ta 8 no
Wpst 07 80 fpet alone line 12 S'trrev
No. 1958 Puzzle lode to Comer Ntx 3
the Southwest Cnrupr: thpnee North
4 43' 30" West 590.30 fwt alone lines
1-6 and 2-3 of survey No. 1958 Pied
mont and Puzzle lodes, respectively
to Comer No. 3: thence North 58 52'
West 385 80 fpet to Comer. No. 4:
thence Sonth 7 41' East 341.20 feci
alone line 4-5. Survey No. 1958 Puzzle
lode to Comer No. 5: thence South 76
05' Fat 403 90 fpet alone fine 5-S Snr
vey Nt. 1958. Puzzle lode to Comer No,
6 the Noheast Comer; thence Snth
28 20' East 926 30 feet to Comer No,
1 the place of beelnnine: containing
a total arear of 10.079 acres. The pre
sumed course of he vein on this claim
Is from the North end center South
28 20' 926.3 feet
The location ptntice of said clslm la
recorded In the office of the Cour.tv
Recorder of Cochise County. Arizona,
as follows:
"Don Mieuel No. 7" Book 54 Record
of Mines paee 409.
The' names of the adjoining claims
are: On the North "Best of All" lode:
on the South, "Bisbee Queen" lode: on
on the East "Arizona" and "Monte
Carlo" lodes; on the West "Piedmont"
lode.
J. L, IRVIN. Register.
First Pub. Sept 2. 1917.
last Pub. Nov. 10. 191T.
'BACK OF
Y.W.G.A. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 21, 1917.
SEVEN
rurr! nw p
1
4
i
'i
tr
1
- j
Review Want Ads
Advertisement under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
Uaue, with a minimum charge of 25 cenU. Advertisements must reach Th
Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion in the next morning paper
Malt Help Wanted
WANTED horse teamster to haul
ore, $1 a day with house, partly furn
ished, for married man. Apply O.
E. Franklin, Don Luis. - 951
LSARlJ actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A, Los Angeles. Cat
alog free. .
HELP WANTED Applications, for
"Review" routes asked for from
WIDE AWAKE boys between 13 and
16 years old. 126
WANTED Bellboy. Copper Queen
HoteL 430
WANTED Experienced platen press
man or feeder at Review Job De
partment dh
AGENT 1125 weekly. Something
new. Saves up to 50 per cent of
gasoline. Nearly every auto owner
will buy. Greatest seller on earth.
Sold on Money back guarantee. Par
ticulars free. Stransky, Pukwana,
South Dakota. 904
Wanted
WANTED Experienced, competent
woman for cooking and general
housework in large family, $50.
Phone 531 943
WANTED Experienced seamstress.
Phone, Black 583. 940
WANTED Good fresh milch cow for
her feed, or will buy if can gel it
for reasonable price. Box 3885. Lo
well. 925
AaTED 2 or 3 room house in War
ren or up canyon, unfurnished or
furnished. P. O. Box 862, Warren.
874
WANTED Three or l'our room furn
Ulied house. P. O. Box 385, Bisbee.
899
WANTED Waitress must be first
class. Copper Queen Hotel. 884
WANTED Position as cook by wo
man, Mrs. Martin, 157 Opera Drive.
856
WANTED Position by j'oung man;
six years experience as office man
and bookkeeper. A No. 1, references.
P. O. Box 965. 849
I wish to exchange Spanish lessons for
English, one hour or two every day.
M. P. F Bisbee. Box 1641. 799
WANTED Girl for house work. Apply
Mrs. E. Marks, 24 Tank Hill. 624
WANTED First class waitress, Cop
per Queen HoteL 323
WANTED Four or five room furnish
ed house on October 24, or will ex
change California property for here.
Address 'H" Review. 515
WANTED Typewriting to do at home
of evenings. Box 1370, Bisbee Ar
izona. 760
WANTED Telegraphers, stenograph
era, bookkeepers; students earn
board, room tuition. Mackay Busi
ness College, Los Angeles. 789
WANTED Sales
worth Cp.
girls .F. W.
Wool
830 WANTED Maid for general house
work. Phone 17. 953
For Sale
FOR SALE Upright piano nearly
new. Part can be paid monthly.
Standard make, beautiful tone, own
er leaving town. Cost $450, will sell
for $225. P. O. Box 211. 933
M. C. HIGH
ALLEN BLOCK
Real Estate and Insurance
Now is the time to buy
See me for Bargains.
Agent for reliable Insur
ance Companies.
List your property with ma.
PETEY DINK He's Going to
THOtt!
I
iwooEi' v f A Thousand douap
ITAT REMINDS 1 M?f7r ( VOK.TM ExERH C6Nt ) . IP fpT,
I mb-i HAveu'T ) ' V ' 'Had Saved op J Xwml
Hbee"w ."Bond. --f Tj ilSS
A
m
i it un in
For Sale.
FOR SALE Chandler. Chubby four-
passenger roadster; model 17;
looks like new and is almost new;
for demonstration and full particu
lars, call at Central Barber, shop,
corner Howell avenue and Brewery
avenue. 867
FOR SALE Four Collie pups. Phone
802 F 1-L 869
FOR SALE 2 pool tables, one cash
register, tables, scales and chairs.
Inquire at O. K. Soft Drink Parlor.
. 848
FOR SALE Old papers at Review
office. 25c bundle 100 papers.
FOR SALE Ford roadster, body, fend
ers and windshield, top nearly new,
cheap. Gibson Hines Lumber Co.
Phone 88. 832
FOR SALE Twelve stool lunch coun
ter. A money maker. Owner must
seek lower altitude. Inquire at
striped tent. Lowell. 701
FOR SALE Cheap 1916 Model Ford
Car, must be sold before November
1. Reason, drafted. Long Trail Ga
rage. 883
FOR SALE Genuine ScotchC ups $5
and $10 each, from Montana pedi
greed, worth $25 each. 41 J. E. T.
street, upstairs, Johnson addition.
Lowell. 871
FRESH. RIPE TOMATOES, for can
ning, 5c per pound, at my ranch neai
Naco. Will deliver If quantity is
ordered. Chase L. Purdy. 30C
FOR SALE Ford roadster in firs;
class condition with extra Rcinc
delivery body. Studebaker, 4 pas
0enger touring car ,new top and seat
covers, gotd tires. Studebaker (
v seven passenger touring car. 5 pas
senger Overlaid, newly painted
good mechanical condition, electrii
lights and starter. Above all taken
in exchange for new Overlands. Will
be sold at low prices for cash oi
terras to responsible parties. Lonf
Trail Garage, Johnson Addition. 72t
FOR SALE) At a bargain, 4-room fur
nished house. Inquire .A. Koszis
Hanson Kill, Johnson Addition. 85.
FOR SALE Piano, $100 cash. One Du
plex chair, $12.50 cash. Phone Blue
834. 881
FOR 'SALE or rent. Gypsum Block
house. Store in it' 16x28, 4 living
rooms and 8x28 screen porch. . Call
and see Black Knob View, Warren.
Geo. N. Kasun, Prop. 90:
FOR SALE Emerson piano, good con
dition, mahogany case, price $150
Address G. M. B. Review office. 931
FOR SALE Six room modern house
In Warren, on Vista. Mrs. J. Butler
944
FOR SALE Seven passenger Cband
- ler touring car in first class con
dition. Cheap. W. R. Box 1364. Bis
bee. 941
FOR SALE At a sacrifice, beautiful
piano. Golden tak used only tbret
months. Will give time on part. P.
O. Box 3396, Lowell. 934
FOR SALE Household furniture, in
eluding dresser, fine leather oak dav
enport, gas stove alru'jst new, dininp
room and kitchen furnishing. In
quire Sunday and Monday, Room 12
Cole Ryan Building, Warren. 92(
Miscellaneou
NOTICE I will not be responsible for
any debts, whatsover, contracted by
my wife, Lu!a Siegle. Such action
is based on an order from the super
ior court of Cocbise county, dated
OcL 5, 1917. Signed, Fred Seigle. 87C
LADIES Bring material, learn to cu
and make your own fall suits anc'
gowns. Thorough instructions giv
en by Miss Grant, room 4 Maze
Building.
EXPERT paper hanger and painter. C
J. Brandt. Thone 456. Box 150. 57!
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
Buy More Than He Thought
furnished Rooms
FOR RENT 2 furnished room for
light housekeeping; light, water and I
gas. 163 Opera Drive. 868 ;
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms;
light and water. 41-B O. K. street.
854 j
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms.'
14 Tate Hill, Johnson Addition. 850
FOR RENT Furnished room, $6 perl
month. Doyle House. 605
FOR RENT 2 furnished rooms for
housekeeping. No children. 218 High
road, School Hill, Anna Murphy.
644
GOLDEN HOTEL Outside window?
and running water in all rooms.
Rates reasonable, by the day, week
tor month.
588!
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished rooms j
$2.00 per week and up. 405 j
FOR RENT Large sunny room, with '
bath, gentlemen preferred. Halfi
'' block from ball park. Warren. Mrs.
H. F. Nyberg, Van Dyke sL 833 !
FOR RENT 3 and 4 room furnished ;
house, apply 207 Highroad. R. M.
Johnston. 831 ;
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms,!
Pritchard House, Brophy car sl'op. !
Tombstone Canyon. 882 '
FOR RENT 4 furnished rooms, good
place for boarders, 56 Upper Lbwell. i
878
i
FOR RENT Furnished rooms with!
lights and water. 56 Upper Lowell.
879
FOR RENT 2 nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping, 143 A, Dubacher
Canyon, second house from street.
875
FOR RENT Room for two gentlemen, j
with board, 58 Castle Hill. 876 i
FOR RENT 2 light housekeeping ;
I'ooms, 85 Main street. Cottage Home
872
FOR RENT Apartment, end rooms;
lights, water, $22.50; gas; no small
children.- Back El Paso House,
"Ludfords", Brewery Ave. 901
FOR RENT Choice front room close
in. One man prefrred. Hinkle
apartments, near high school. 927
FOR RENT 2 housekeeping rooms! 4S
O. K. BtreeL 942
FOR RENT 3 furnished housekeep-!
I ing rooms. 102 Hieeins Hill. 902 !
FOR RENT 2 furnished housekeep
ing rooms $15, water furnished, elec
tric lights. - Also batching rooms, 67
Upper Lowell. 946
FOR RENT 2 housekeeping rooms.
91 Jiggerville, with water. 945
FOR RENT One furnished room for!
rent, in Warren. Phone Mrs. E. B.I
Moore No. 437. 91
FOR RENT 3 furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. School Hill
Grocery. Plrbne 825. 924
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms
furnished. Batching Cabin, 176 Naco
road, Holbrook stop. 92
FOR RENT Apartment of two rooms
and screen porch, furnished. 19 T.
C. one block above Lincoln School.
950
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
VIOLIN and Steel Guitar. If you wish
lessons on the above or any other in
struments leave your name and ad
dress at bjx office Royal theatre.
Raymond Martini, leader Royal Or
chestra. . 706
PAT CLEARY, painter.. Member
Builders' Exchange. Box 1495. 31
Money To Loan.
$50,000 to loan on improved city prop
erty or for building, on easy terms
of payment T. A. Hughes, over
Rank o.' Bisbee. 697
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building. 166
LOST
LOST Near School Hill Grocery,
pocketbook containing 3 ten dollar
bills. Return Review office. 918
MAYOR'S WIFE IN
RED CKOSS 1 A KADIS
v
; f .
Prominent nr...:. marchers in'
the great Red Ooss parade in New
York, in whirli fifteen thousand wom
en participated, was Mrs. John Pur
roy Mitchel, wife of New York's
mayor. Shi carried a large Red
Cross flap and is shown in the photo
praph passing- the reviewing stand
from which her husband witnessed
the great demonstration,
For Rent
FOR RENT Two-room unfurnished
house. Cochise Row, L. B. Cary. 869
FOR RENT Garage. Inquire Mrs.
Gaffney, near graveyard, Lowell.
538
FOR RENT Ten room house furnish
ed complete. Call at Victor ro'jms
Riewt-r.-Gul -h. 900
FOR RENT Bachelor cabin, suitable
for two, 104 Youngblood Hill. 84
FOR RENT New 4 room house, South
Bisbee. Inquire next door. 873
FOR RENT 5 room house furnished,
close in. near Y. M. C. A. Apply to
Caro i- Co., 20 Brewery Gulch. 931
FOR RENT 5 room furnished house,
27 Johnston avenue,' Johnson Addi
tion. 93!
LEliAL NOTICES
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. S. PATENT
MINERAL SURVEY NO. 3354
August 9, 1917
Mineral Application 035913
Receipt No. 2076931
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
W. A. De'l, whose postoffice address if
Bisbee. Arizona, on behalf tf himself
and co-owners, W. A. SchwarU ana
Cbailes W. Rambo, whose postoffice
addrs jes is the same place, has made j
application for a patent for the follow- j
ing lode mining claim, situated in the
Warren Mining District Cochise Coun
ty, State of Arizona, in Section 18. un
app'd. T. 23 S-. R. 24 E ..G. & S. It. B
& M.. which claim is described as foi
lows:
i f "I 1 jt fc
i I i
POINT LOOKOUT: Beginning at
Cor. No. 1. the S. W. Cor., whence the
N. E. Cor. Sec 30, T. 23 S., R. 21 S..
G. & S. R. B. & M., brs. S. 13 23' E.
7545.40 ft.; thence N. 12' 07' W. 680.20
ft. to Cor. No. 2, Identical with N. E.
Cor. and S. E. Cor. of Los Angelus and
Look Out lodes, unsurveyed, respect
ively; thence N. 1 05' E. 600.00 ft. ft;
Cor. No. 3, the N. W. Cor.; thence N.
59 36' E. 556.20 ft. to Cor. No. 4, the
N. E. Cor.; thence S. 5 48' E. 1273.1C
ft to Cor. No. 5, the S. E. Cor.; thence
S. 59 36' W. 553.00 ft. to Cor. No. 1
the place of beginning, containing a
net area of 15.009 acres.
The location nbtice of said POINT
LOOKOUT claim is recorded in tht
County Recorder's office, Cochise
County, Arizona, in Book 23. Records
of Mines, at page 413.
Adjoining claims: North: New Yort
lode, unsurveyed, owned by Fred Sut
ter and W. A. Dell; Montreal lode, un
surveyed, owned by W. A. Dell anc
Cbas. Rambo. East: Mount ShasU
lode, unsurveyed, owned by Chaa. Ram
bo; Bonita lode, Sur. No. 3162. South:
Bon'.ta lode, Sur. No. 3162; Punta lode
unsurveyed, owned by Emit Marks am
W. A. Schwartz. vVest: Punta lode
unsurveyed, owned by Emil Mark:
and W. A. Schwartz; Los Angelu:
i)de, unsurveyed. owned by W. A. Del
and Chas. Rambo; Look Out lode, un
surveyed, owned by Chas. Rambo. '
J. L. IRWIN,
Registrar.
First publication August 11th, 1917
Last puolication October 18th, 1917
471
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey Nr. 3278, Serial Nc
036118, United State Land Office
Phoenix, Arizona, August 31, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Alfret
1'aul, wbose post office addrses It
Douglas, Arizona, has made applies
tion for patent for the following nam
ed lode mining claim, situate in th.
SVarren Mining District, Cochis
County, Arizona:
Don Miguel No. 6"
Beginning at Corner No. 1. th.
Northeast Corner, whence the South
west Corner of Section 30, Townshl
13 South, Range 25 East. G. & S. R. t
& M. bears South 64 04' East 811.
feet: thence South 61 17' West 60
teet to Ctorner No. 2, the Southeas
Corner; thence North 58 56' Wes
1500 feet to Corner No. 3, the Soutb
wes Corner; thnce North 61 17
East 600 feet to Corner No. 4 th
Northwest Corner; thence South 5S
56 East 1500 feet to Corner Nt. 1, th.
place of beginning; containing a tola
a.ea of 19.388 acres. The presume
course of the vein on this claim 1
from the East and center North 58
55' West 1500 feeL
The location notice of said claim 1
recorded In the offiee4of the Count.
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona
as follows:
"Don Miguel No. 6" Book 54, Recor
of Mines, page 408;
The names of the adjoining claim
are: On the Ntorth, the -Gold Hil
Mine" lode; on the South "Razzl.
Dazzle" lode; on the East "Piedmont
lode; on the West "Ocatea" and ' Mat
cot" lodes.
J. L. IRVIN, Register.
First Pub. Sept. 6, 1917.
Last Pub. Nov. 10, 1917.
NOTICE OF SALE.
In the Suerior Court of the State o'
Arizona, In and for the County o
Cochise.
In the matter of the Estate of Fret
Bauer, deceased.
Notice is hereby given, that the nr
dersigned, the administrator with th
will annexed of the estate of th.
above named decedent, will sell al
of the righL title, interest and es
tate cf the above named decedent it
and to the property hereinafter de
scribed, at private sale, for cash, oi
or after the 30th day of October, 1917
The place where offers or bids wil
be received will be at the office o
Williams & Flanigan in the Allei
Block, Bisbee, Arizona. All bids o
offers must be In writing.
Said property is the following, tc
wit:
Lot Thirty (30) in Block Fourteei
(14) of the Townsite of Bisbee, ac
cording to the map and plat of salt
Townsite made by H. W. Jorgense
C. E., now on file and of record 1)
the office of the County Recorder o
Cochise County, Arizona, together wit)
tho improvements thereon, c-onsistini
of a four-room frame house.
M. ARTUNOFF.
There Wjow-' ; XHes i'li. "Take ' '
V VEtEN'srv--- i 110 RCt- he's Sseu
VNAM7 here J ; v-iS50 ' T
rir i I St
Lodge Notices
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
leets every Friday night. Moose Halt
isiting brothers cordially invited.
V. R. TONKIN, Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets In Medigovich
Hall, second and fonrtt
Tuesdays each month
Visiting brothers we)
come.
F. D. LANE, Councillor.
J. L. BENTON. Recording Secretary
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 210.
Meets In L O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
itX BUAUA I
at 7:30 p. m
iy"V VlsiUng broth
ers cordiallj
wviiea 10 si
tend.
1KO. SLEEMAN, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bicbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E meet
Irst and third MONDAYS, 8. p. m.
Ragles Hall. Visiter cordially wel
ome. .
RICHARD DAVIS. President
C. L. EDMONSON, Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
WW?
FRANK BRUNING, C. C. ,
J. C. KR1GBAUM. K. of R, S.
LEGAL NOTICES
021399-026606
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Oepartment of the Interior. U. 5. Land
Office at Phoenix. Arizona, October
6. 1917. .
Notice is hereby given that Casimir
J. Williams of Ft. Huachuca, Arizona,-
A-ho, on February 24. 1913, made home
;tead entry. No. 021399, for Nl-2. NE1-4
Xl-2 NW1-4, Sec. 34 and Add! H. E
126606, for Sl-2 SE1-4, Sl-2 SW1-4, Sec.
11, township 22S, ranse 21E, G. & S. R.
3. & meridian, has filed notice of inten
.ion to make three year protof, to es
ablish claim to the land above de
scribed, before J. D. Taylor. U. S. Com
nissioner. at Bisbee, Arizona, on the
ilst day of November 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Chester A. Nelson, William A. Lytle,
."arl Carlson. Gerrit Whitefoot, all of
Hereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First Publication, October 16, 1917
Last Publication, November 20, 1917.
021529.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
department the Interior, U. S. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, October
6. 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Julius
2." Haase, of Hereford, Arizona, who,
m March 4, 1914, made homestead en
ry. No. 024529 for SE1-4 Section 19,
rownship 2SS, Ran.ee 22E., G. & S. R.
1. & Meridian, has filed notice of ia
ention to make three year proof, IM es
ablish claim to the land above de
scribed, before J. D. Taylor, U. S. Com
uissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, on the
!0th day of November, 1917.
. Claimant names as witnesses:
Herman Haase, Samuel C. Giles,
Leslie Wilcox, Frank C. Cobbe, all of
iereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First Publication. October 16. 1917
Last Publication. November 21. 1917.
rr- v
WEEK ENDING. OCTOBER 27. 1917.
Monday.
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday.
N. C. BLEDSOE. W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. it A. 1L
A M. COLWELL. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T.L1L
J. E. FRY. E. C.
F S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Charter
and CommaAdery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary ConnciL
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medigo
vich HalL Visit
ing members cordially invited.
PHIL. DAVIS, President
MRS. C. E. FLNOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722, TeL 236, Red.
KATHER1NE SALHOLM, Secretary.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brother
cordially invited to attend.
R E. WARNER. Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY, Secretary.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple, No. Soneeta every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows' HalL Vlaitlni
sisters are cordially invited.
ANNA HART, M. E. C
JEANET SWEENEY, M. of B, G
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets In Medigovich Hall 2nd and
; 4th Fridays of each month,
i HATTIE A. LUKE, Guardian.
. PAUUNE F. BROWN, Clerk,
j P. O. Box 62L
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECUR
ITY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115
Meets every Second and Fourth Sat
urdays in the mtnth at L O. O. F.
halL 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited.
j ARNOLD SCHMID. Psident. P. O.
Box 3483. Lowell, Ariz,
j FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
; Secretary, LbwelL
! E. LINDQCIST,
j Financial Secretary, P. O. Box 3246,
LoweU.
! BISBEE LODGE, No. 10, I. O. O. F.
Meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows HalL
Main street at 7:00 p. m. VlaiCag
brothers cordially invited to a'tend.
Hall phone 11.
GEO. MUNSEY. N. G.
C. D. KIRBY, Secretary.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first and tnird
mursaajs i.ou p. ui.
In Medigovich HalL All
visiting SLU Men invite
to attent
Wm. DELB RIDGE, Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Medicine Man.
F. C. FENDERSON. C. of R.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Blsbe Camp No. 13415.
Meeta first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows HalL
R. L. MOTZ. ConnL
H. F- MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
- -- ami
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Ha!
Pearl Chapter. No. 6, meet
In Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of eac
month at 7:30 D. m.
MRS ANNA C. RICHARDS. W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box 841. Bisbee.
MRS JESSE BEVAN. Sec y. P. O. Boi
2299, Chairman Relief Com. Phone 16L
WOODMEN OF THE WOLD.
U)weU Camp No. 46 1U
meet every WrdaT
at 7:30. Brophy HaU.
II. C. LANDAU. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
Br C A. VOIGH7 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 21, 1917.
LIBERTY LOAN SHOULD MEET BIG
RESPONSE FROM THE PEOPLE OF
EIGHT
'Z2r,0f At
1ITED.STATES
GREAT INVESTMENT
wji lilt; Ul.in iiauu, nnai uicAj;ir.iiuii:
benefits you will confer on your coun-1
try if you now help us to resrue tluS
Four per cent, paid twirt j fatherland from the power of our ene
mies.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal. Oct. 20. (gainst the Lord God. what a bloody
The following facts set forth by the load you will impose forever upon
treasury department regarding the yourselves and yor children If you
second issue of the Liberty oan now seek for subterfuge; if you now
show in concise form the advantages prevent us from taking the field with
of these bonds as an investment for' the troops which we have enlisted.
the people. They are as fellows:
Second Liberty oan Facts.
Amount $3,0u0.000.000.
Interest-
each year.
Exemptions From all taxes except
estate taxes, surtaxes and excess
profit taxes.
Redeemable In 25 years, or at gov
ernment's option aften ten years.
Payments Four in number by gov
ernment's plan, lust payment January
15, 1918, or payable over, a period of
one year by savings banks and em
ployers' plan.
Twelfth district allotment $210.
000,0i0 mininnftn; $350,000,000 tie
sired.
California quota Not yet computed.
When to buy Now.
1. - More than 9,9 per cent of the
people of the United States can invent
in the second Liberty Loan 4 per cent
bonds without being in any way affect
ed by their taxble feature.
2. The new 4s are exempt from all
state and local taxes.
3. The income from the new 4 par
cent Liberty bonds is subject only to
surtaxes.
4. Surtaxes are levied only on in
comes in excess of $5,000.
5. Out of a total population of 110,-
000,000 in the United States only 400,
000 persons paid income taxes in 191G.
6. Only 246,000 paid surtaxes.
7. Five thousand dollars face value
of new 4 per cent Liberty bonds arc
exempt from all taxes 'whatsoever,
present and future.
8. An individual may own (provid
ing he has no other capital) $130,000
Liberty Loan 4s and -pay no taxes.
9. The income of an individual from
Liberty Loan bonds (providing hennas
no other income) is exempt up to
$5,200. Of this exemption $5,000 rep
resents the 4 per cent interest on
bonds of a face value of $125,000 (ex
empt from all normal taxes) and $200
represents the interest at 4 per cent
on bonds of a face value of $5,000, ex
empted from all taxes (paragraph 2,
Liberty Loan act).
The new 4 per cent Liberty bonds
are exempt from all state and local
taxes.
The new 4 per cent Liberty bondR
are exempt from the normal federal
income tax.
New 4 per cent Liberty bonds to
a principal amount of $5,000 in the
hands of each-investor, in addition to
the above, are exempt from all federal
taxation except estate and inheritance
taxes, that is, are exempt Trom sur
taxes and excess profit taxes, as well
as nor mal income taxes.
This means that as regards the aver-
age citizen, including those in com
fortable circumstances, the new 4 per
cent bonds are practically tax exempt.
Official statistics show that of the
100,000,000 or more population of the
United Stgtes, only 3.824 have- in
comes above $100,000 per annum, and
in the case of anyone having an in
come less than this figure, the new
per cent bonds are a more desirable
investment than the fully tax exempt
3 per cent bonds of the first loan..
The United States offers you an op
portunity to invest in the safest se
curity in the world and 'will pay you,
4 per cent interest on "your money.
The estimated wealtli of the United
States is about $250,000,000,000. Our
national debt was a little more thai
$1,000,000,000 before the break with
Germany. Adding to this the $2,000,
000.000 borrowed in the first Liberty
loan gives a total national debt of a
little over 1 per cent of the total
wealth of the country.
The yearly incomes in the Unit?i'
States are estimated at about $40.
000,000,000 or 13 times the total na
tional debt (including the first Liberty
Loan) and about 400 times' the an
nual interest charges on our total
debt
If a man should come to you anc?
want you to lend him $1000 and you
knew he owned property worth $G00O;
if you knew that his yearly income
was $13,000 and he gave you his note
would you lend him the $1000?''
Will you lend your money to the
United States on such a basis?
Out of the sixteenth century comes
an appeal for the Liberty Loan:
The speech made by the prince of
Orange in 1565. when the Netherlands--
confederacy was threatened by Philip
II of Spain as the world is perilei
today by Emperor William of Ger
many, is as direct an appeal today to
the nation for funds to carry on the
war as any that can be made in this
twentieth century.
The prince of Orange In 1565 said:
Let not a sum of gold be so dear to
you that for its sake you will sacrifice
your lives, your w"ves, your children
and all your your descendants to the
latest peenrations; that you will bring
sin and shame upon yourselves and
destruction upon us who have sc
heartily striven to assist you. Think
what scorn you will incur from foreign
nations, what a crime you will commit
Vivid Pen Views
of Irish Work In
France Are Given
DUBLIN, Oct. 21. (Correspondence ,
of the Associated Press.) A series of .
vivid pen pictures of the life of Irish
tVldiers in France, written by tbe late ;
Major William Redmond, the disting
uished Irish leader, shortly before his ;
death a; the front, have been collected ;
by Mrs. Redmond, and are to be pub-j
lisbed in the form of a small memorial
volome. Extracts from some of the .
most striking of these letters have -been
put at the disposal of The Associ-.
ated Press. f
One of Major Redmond's letters
deals with the capture of Ginchy byi
the Irish troops. "A notable feature !
of the charge at Ginchy," he says, "was '
that the Irishmen sang Irish patriotic
sor.gs, one batfaliVm to tbe other, as 1
they charged, and the effect created
was most inspiring." The scene after;
:het battle he describes as follows: '
"The Germans surrendered very
freely, and in very few instances wait
ed for the bayonets of the Irish. When ;
able, the enemy made good his retreat, ;
but when that was not possible, he sur-:
rendered and threw, down his arms. In ',
some cases, however, treachery was
attempted.
'I met a Munster Fusilier who in the ,
confusion of the battle had got sepa
rated fi'om his battalion. He was rest
ing by the road waiting to find some
one who could direct him to his head
quarters. He was covered with mud, ,
but fall of genuine enthusiasm.
"I asked if his battalion had made
many prisbners. He replied '1 es,' but
added that once or twice the Germans
had tried treacherous tricks. One par
tv advanced as if to surrender, shout-
ine. 'Kamerad: Kamerad" and when
abdtit twenty yards off opened fire. I
asked the Munster man what then
I'jok place, and he replied, 'We knock
ed them over till further orders.'
"One prisoner said: 'We do not want
war it is the war of the rich ma and
the poor always suffer.' v ;
"Nearly all the Irish possessed some
trophies of the fight, and it was a com- I
mon sight to see even the wounded !
on the s:retchers clutching In their!
hands German helmets and bits of en-
emy equipment.
"Many of ur wounded were just
boys, and it was extraordinary how i
they bore pain which must have been j
intense. Very few murmurings were j
heard. One young man said to the j
chaplain, 'Oh father, it is bard to die ;
so far from home in the wilds of
France.' Certainly the fair land of
France just here aid seem wild the i
trees all torn and riven with shot and 1
the earth on every side ploughed with ,
huge shell holes. j
"The Irishmen, while clearly im- j
mensely pleased with themselves,
showed nv undue exaltation, and their !
demeanor towards their captives was .
$ood humored and even kind. It was
pleasant to see how tenderly they h'iip-
ed the wounded Germans along, and
iown the road from the dressing sta
.ion it was a common sight to see our
men helping along prisoners just as
Undiy as if they were their own com
rades. "The losses in tl-e Irish battalions
were naturally heavy, but by no means
very great in view of the work that
aad been done.
"It is not too much to say that the
whole army has expressed warm admi
ration for the action of the Irish tro'ops
and the capture of Ginchy, coming hot
foot on the taking of Guilleniont, has
put, it is safe to say, an entirely new
complexion on the whole posit.'jn in ;
.his part of the line.
"A captured German officer declared
that his people had believed that, Gin
chy could not be taken. 'Cut', he add--ed,
'you attacked us with devils, not
men no one could withstand them'."
BANDITS ARE SOUGHT.
MATAMOROS. Oct. 19. The report
ed presence of bands of Mexican ban
dits numbering from half a dozen mem
hers to a score or more of the men
in scattering portions of the state of
Tamulipas has caused the sending of
about 1,000 Mexican troops into thnt
section to operate against these out
laws. These troops, it is understood,
will be broken Into small bands In
order that they may Je better able to
deal with the bandits.
Six bandits already have been kill
ed, it is stated here.'
i
r i
mm
f
New Arrivals in Women's and Misses'
Autumn and Winter Suits, Coats,
Dresses, Skirts and Sweaters
Right from the center of Fashion come these beautiful creations which we now offer
to you for inspection and selection. Added to numbers of earlier arrivals, they
make our stocks as complete and as varied as you would care to choose from.
Latest Arrivals in
Smart Suits
For Fall and Winter
While these new arrivals in women's suits are quite simple in line and
trimming, that fact makea them more attractive than ever for business
and general outdoor wear. Coats are longer and help toward giving the
long, youthful sweep to the figure which is so much desired. Buttons
and braids are used freely and their clever : combinations give those
touches of distinction so fashionabl; in the new Fall Suits.
The colors are led by navy blue and fbllowered by the deeper Fall tones
of plum, brown, etc. These new models are mostly in fine serges, sil
vertones, broadcloths, burellia, etc.
Many are trimmed with Hudson Seal, Kitconey and Martin Furs.
All Women Will
Admire the New
Top Coats
f
Great assortments are here in styles and materials to meet every need,
in dressy broadcloths, bolivias, wool velours, pom pom cloths for street
wear; mixtures, tweeds and plaids fpr traveling, beautifully trimmed
with Furs, Karimi and Plushes. Straight lines characterize the Fall and
Winter coat modes; large collars and cuffs.'
No matter what your choice may b;, you are sure to find in this collec
tion jufct the model to please you. Prices ranging upward to $60.00
We are also showing many beautiful models in Women's New Plush
Coats. Prices range from $25.00 to $75.00
The Season's Favorites Are
Serge Dresses
These beautiful serge dresses portray the styles that
have been attracting so much attention in fashion
centers everywhere. Numbers o-f them dis
play the slim, straight line silhouette, while others
are in the late Hickson models that have be'en re
ceived with great favor. White satin, broadcloth
and flannel collars, White Tuxedo Roll, Gold and
Silver and colored embroideries add much to their
beauty. Prices $14.95 to $40.00.
Think Again!
If you are in the habit of having merchandise
sent on approval think again before deciding
to cause the delivery wagon to make possibly
two trips to your home.
It's so easy when shopping to say, "Oh' well,
just send it out on approval and I'll try it on at
home." This habit has been encouraged by the
willingness of the merchant to accommodate
his customer.
But now the Government of the United States
asks you to co-operate with the stores in help
ing to eliminate the waste of time involved In
returning goods and delivering small packages
which could easily be carried.
Why not express your patriotism and co-operate
in this suggestion offered by the United
States Government?
Women Are Delighted With
Our Authmn Suits
It is remarkable the quality, the style, the tailoring,
the fineness of the cloth, in these suits, shown in
all the best Autumn modes, but you cannot appre
ciate the quality until you see the suits. Of wool
poplin, gaberdines, velours, broadcloths, serges, etc.,
the coats in the popular fingertip and varied lengths, '
large velvet and fur trimmed collars and cuffs; all !
the wanted colors are shown. Prices range from
$15.00 to $98.00
ORDERS DISCHARGE. I
MEXICO CITY. The department of.
war has issued stringent brders to dis-.
charge from the army all men ond of-j
fleers not Mexicans by birth.
New Arrivals Prove That
Skirts Are Narrower
Fashion authorities have been predicting this
for some time, and most women will welcome
the change.
There is plenty of room for walking in the new
skirts, but long steps won't be hampered by
excessive fullness. i
Introduced are many interesting novelties and
new effects that every woman will delight in.
The narrow slender silhouette is the noticeable
feature of all and the "cufl" or turned up hem
is used in many variations. Many show large
smart pockets and yokes.
Women's
and
Children's
Blanket
Bath Robes
Our new Fall and Winter line of bath robes is
here and you are invited to come and make
your selection early. The assortment repre
sents a full line of handsome patterns. Pat
terns are floral and figured, also the quaint
Navajo Indian designs and colorings that give
them unique effect approaching the oriental
designs.
Women's blanket bath robes at $2.95 to $16.
Children's blanket bath robes at $2.95, $3.50
and $3.95.
Grass Rug Specials
Saving on These Fine Rugs Will Leave No
Regrets.
Offtimes one repents of a "below value" pur
chase. Savings that are not real are no sav
ings at all. But anyone that has the good
fortune to procure one of these Deltox, Crex
or Imported Grass Rugs will never regret it.
Gx 9$ 6.50 Value, Special $5.25
8x10$ 9.00 Value, Special $7.25
9x12 $12.00 Value, Special $9.50
Green, Tan and Blue are the colors shown.
FOR YOUR
SELECTION
;
J!k IIS
n 'rmsr-frm
'
33
An Impressive
Array of the
Approved Fall Fabrics
Silks, Velvets, Satins, Plushes and Woolens,
for the separate skirt, the top coat or the one
piece frock. Interesting weaves, exquisite
colorings in the gayest Autumn colorings
and variations. Women will want to make
their own dresses this season when they see
our new showing of Fall fabrics.
New Fancy Plaids and Stripe Silks
With taffeta ground and beautiful satin over
stripe plaid effect; 36 inches wide; at the
yard $2.25
New Imperial Satin
A very soft pliable fabric in a complete line
of Fall shades as grape, myrtle, burgundy,
navy, purple, black and white; 36 inches
wide; at the yard $2.25
The New Costume Velvets
Have a heavy, rich erect pile, colors are bur
gundy, marine blue, maduro, brown, bottle
green and black; 36 inches wide, at the
yard , $3.50
Rich Jet Black Plush
A good weight, 56 inches wide, at the
yard $7.50
Fancy Plaid and Stripe Woolens
In many pretty color combinations; 48-inch
width, at the yard $2.50
, Storm and French Serge
In a complete new line in the newest Fall
shades; prices range from $1 to $2.50 yard
Fine Chiffon Broadcloth
In all wanted shades as tan, burgundy, myrt
le, wild rose, smoke, navy, maduro, deeft,
ivory and black; 54-inch width, at the
yard $3.00
Women's Sweaters in a
Bright Gathering
Are all ready to slip into and go away. A riot
of color and many, many styles are to be found
here.
Worth noting are especially pretty sweaters
in fancy knit with large roll collars, pockets
and belts; women's sizes to 46, misses' sizes
to 36; priced at $5.00
Women's fancy knit sweaters in Copenhagen,
blue, cardinal, maize, rose, etc., with large col
lars, cuffs and belts of Angora are priced
at $6.95
Girls' Ruff-Neck Sweaters
Of fancy fibre silk and knit yarn, in all the
high colors and staple shades, priced at $6.50
Children's Sweater Sets
In Angora wool and fancy knit yarn and fibre
silk includes cap and scarf, priced from 95c to
$3.50
Women's and Misses' yarn and fibre caps;
prices range from 75c to $2.C0
We are also showing a most complete line of
infants' colored sweaters.
! Good Taste in Women's
Fine Fall Footwear
The final touch to 3 woman's appearance lies
in the selection of her Fall footwear.
The new modes are a trifle
less fanciful than hereto
fore, invariably displaying '
a new nicety of line and
construction that will
please you.
We have many models for-
your selection. Grey
brown and black uppers
seem to hold first atten
tion. Make your purchases now
and remember "good
taste" will tell.
a i