T
J
MARKETS
WEATHER.
r w m xm if
NEW YORK CITV
Average crlce of ;op
per for week onding
Feb. ?8, 32.50.
Arnoni Nol much
change in t'mperattif e
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
Ja-u(auj PRICE FIVE CENTS
BISBEE, ARIZONA, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 4, 1917.
VOL 19. NO. 231.
late s
lyi iU is
-
i
i
X
Z MHAH ADMITS PLOT
AGAINST U.
FAIR IN LOVE
(By Review Leased Wire.)
" LONDON, March 3. Foreign Secretary Zimmer
mann's instructions to the German minister to Mexico,
as published in the United States are admitted in Berlin
to have been correctly quoted, according to a dispatch to
Reuter's from the German capital by way of Amsterdam.
BERLIN, March 3. (Ky wireless to Sayville) The
following today by the Overseas News Agency (the of
ficial German news bureau) :
Foreign Secretary Zimmermann was asked by a staff
member of the Over Seas News Agency about the Eng
lish report that "a German plot had been revealed to get
Mexico to declare. war against the United States and to
secure Japan's aid against the United States." Secretary
Zimmerman answered:
"You understand that it is impossible for me to dis
cuss the facts of this 'revealed plot', just at this time and
under these circumstances. I therefore may be "allowed
to limit my answer to what is said in the English reports.
I fail to see how such a 'plot' is inspired by unfriendliness
on our part. It would mean nothing but that we would
use means universally admitted in war, in case the United
States declared war.
"The most important part of the-
alleged plot is its condition and form, i
The whole 'plot falls flat to the
ground in case the United States does
not declare war against us. And if
we really, as the report alleges, con
sidered the possibility of hostile acts
of the United States against us. then
we really had reasons to do so.
Says U. S. Plotted ' admission that Germany did seek to
"An Argentine newspaps-r a short j ally Japan and Mexico w ith, her to
while ago really 'revealed a plot' ;war against the I'nited States caused
w hen it told that the United States ! no surprise to American officials,
last year suggested to other American i though it may be said they- did tiot
republics common action against Cer-; expect so full and free an at know
many and her allies. This 'plot' ap- i ledgement of the exposure,
parently was not conditional in the Minister Zimmermann's defense of
least." i Germany's intrigue on the ground
Kaier Consult Zimmermann i that it only was intended to be ear
LONDON. Mar. 3. The German ; ried out in the event the United
foreign secretary. Dr. Zimmermann, j States did not remain neutral is tak
had a long audience with the Gemian en" not to change the situation in the
en;peror yesterday, according to a 'slightest degree. ...
JAPAN
10
OF
(Cy Review Leased Wire)
TOKIO. March 3. An additional
Statement issued by the Japanese for
eign office today refers to frequent
attempts of Germany to sow seeds of
distrust between Japan and Great
' Britain and to cause the estrangement
of Japan and the United States," and
adds:
"The government is confident that
the peoples and governments of the j
entente will continue to have confl-!
dence in Japan's loyalty and its de-j
termination to extend all possible aid
and share the difficulties and hard
ships until the struggle against Ger
many and German cruelties ends."
GUADALAJARA. Mes.. March 3. ,
General Candido Aguilar, the provi
sional minister of foreign relations to
day formally denied that the Mexican
government had been approached by
Germany with the object of forming
an alliance hostile to the-. United
States. '. I
MEXICO CITY, March 3. Luis
Cabrera, provisional - finance minister
and a member of the Mexican delega
tion to the recent Mexican-American
joint commission, today denied ve
hemently that he knew anything of
the proposed alliance between Mexico
and Germany against the United
States, or that he had aided the Ger
man plan.
TOKIO, Friday. March 2. The de
claiation of the Jauanese government
through Foreign Minister Viscount
Motono, that Japan has received no
proposition from Mexico or Germany
to join in a possible war against the
United States was supplemented to
day in a statement made to the Asso
ciated Press on behalf 'of the govern
ment by Jijuro Shidahara, vice for
eign minister.
"We were greatly surprised to hear
of the German proposal," he said,
"we cannot imagine what Germany is
thinking about to conceive that she
could possibly involve us in war with
the United States merely by asking
Mexico. This is too ridiculous for
words. Needless fj say, Japan re
mains faithful to her allies."
ALS
$.; SAYS ITS
HMD
i
r$er;n dispatch received by the Ex-
change Telegraph Company by way
of Amsterdam. It is generally sup
posed that the audience concerned the
Mexican question.
WASHINGTON. Mir. 3. German
foreign minister Zimmermann's frank
T 0. $.
CHINA FEARS NAVAL
WARFARE IN PACIFIC
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Mar. 3. Possible
extension of naval warfare to the Pa
cific was forecast again today in an
inquiry by a Chinese legation official
at the state department as . to what
this country had done on the armed
ship problem. It was stated that the
issue shortly will confront China, and
that the experience of this country In
meeting il would be "f value.
CLARK QUITS BASEBALL
SIOUX CITV. Ia.. Mar. 3. Saying
he had decided to. quit baseball. Har
ry Clark, formerly of the Milwaukee
American. Association club, has refus
ed an offer to manage the Sioux City
club this season.
AMD I
nnu nn
G I S
AMBASSADOR FLETCHER IKES
HIT WITH CARPjiZA AND 110
(By Review
March 3.
I GUADALAJARA, Mex
The newly appointed American am
bassad'jr. Henry P. Fletcher, present
ed his credentials today to General
Carranza, and. after the formal cere
mony, bad a long personal conference
with the first chief. The ambassador
was escorted to the palace by a troop
of cavalry. He was greeted with a
ruffle of drums and a flourish of trum
pets, and the band played "The Star
Spangled Banner."
In presenting his credentials, Mr.
Fletcher said:
"The President has committed to
my charge the interests of the United
States in Mexico. I have accepted
this h'jnor with genuine pleasure. In
the conduct of my mission I will en
deavor ftlthfully to interpret the sin
cere desire of the government and the
Neutrality ,
jPaciSe"atore.Are.,' tame;
Lomress 1
PRESIDENT PUTS
SIGNATURE TO
MANY BILLS
Bv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. March 3 Presi
dent Wilson tonight signed the legis
lative. executive and judicial appro
priation hill, the Danish West Indies
government bill, the pension appro
priation bill, and a bill increasing from
$5,000,000 to $15,000,000 the appropria
tion for the war risk Insurance bureau.
WASHINGTON. March 3. An em
ergency appropriation of $30,000,000 to
continue work on the Alaskan Railway
was rushed through the senate and
house in a few" minutes tonight. It
originally Jiad ' been incorporated in
one of the regular' supply measure
which failed of enactment.
WASHINGTON. March 4. Early
this morning the Senate agreed to p
House resolution postponing the ef
fective date on the Reed "bone dry"
amendment until July.
An effort by Senator Bankhead to
secure consideration of the postpon
ing resolution in the Senate was
blocked late tonight by Senaotr Var
dainan, but he indicated he mis'it
later withdraw his opposition.
SONORA TROOPS GO TO
CASAS GRANDES IN SNOW
DOUGLAS, Mar. 3. Bravms the
deep snows n Pulpito rasa the mam
body of the Sonora expedition cross
ed the Sierra Madre mountains Thurs
day ami, yesterday, under the leader
ship -of Generals Guillermo Chaves
and Manuel Sobarzo, according to a
message from Colonia Morelos, made
public today by Ives G. Lelevier, Mex
ican consul in Douglas. The army
.numbers approximately four thousand
men and w ill march directly to Casas
Grandes to establish headquarters.
Lelevier said.
SIMPSON RUNS 50-YARD
HURDLES IN 6, 3-5 SECONDS
KANSAS CITY, March 3. Robert
Simpson, of the University of Mis
souri, world's champion high hurdler,
tonight ran the fifty yard high hurdles
in 6 3-5 seconds, at the annual indoor
meet here of the Kansas City Athletic
Club. He clipped two fifths of a sec
ond ofT the old mark of seven seconds,
made by M. S. Catlin of the University
$
WASHINGTON SENATE , f
. PLANS DOUBLE CREWS
OF ELECTION OFFICIALS
OLYMPIA. Wash.. March 3.
A bill passed the senate of the
Washington legislature providing
for double crews of election f-
ticials and two ballot boxes in
each precinct was ready today
for presentation on the house.
The proposed law is similar to
that in operation in Kansas and
which resulted in Kansas being
the lirst state to report the Presi-
dential vote in N.ivnmber.
leased Wire.)
people of the United States to culti
vate the closest ard must friendly
relations with the government and the
people of Mexico. The courteous re
ception and the many kind attentions
I have received speak eloquently of
the friendly spirit which has animated
the officials of the Mexican govern
ment and I enter upon my duties with
the most pleasant anticipations.
"The President charged me to con
vey to your excellency his friendly
greetings and best wishes for your
personal happiness and the success of
the government of which you have
the l.jnor to be the head."
General Carranza replied, expres
sing his sincere pleasure at Ambas
sador Fletcher's arrival and comment
ing on tho friendly relations between
the two countries.
I
i
BiU and Others LosjLSON 10 TAKE PRIVATE
o Lnd At Noon 1 odau
IWANIFESfO PUTSIGONGRESS ENDS
FILIBUSTERS
(By Review Le3ed Wire)
! WASHINGTON. War. 4. The house
( recessed at 12:52 o'clock a. m. until
, 10 o'clock a. in.
' WASHINGTON. Mar. 4. By a par
liamentary inadvertance, the neutral
' ity till was displaced temporarily be-
fore the senate early today when, it
I was voted to take up tho conference
report on the agricultural appropria
tion till. Administration leaders
said, however, they anticipated no dif
ficulty in placing the neutrality meas
ure again before the senate at the
proper time.
WASHINGTON. Mar. 3. With
President Wilson's armed neutrality
bill facing failure because of fhe op
position of a small group of Progies
sive Republicans. Democ:ctic and Re
publican senators fnvorini it prepared
totii?!:t ti manifesto to show the coun
try just where the responsibility will
rest if the measure is not passed.
At midnight when the debate had
developed strong indications that the
bill's opponents intended to prevent
a vote before the session expires at
noon tomorrow, the manifesto bad
heen signod hy nmrt J-C-. .!"".'
of the senate and friends of the bill
said that in the end It, would bear the
signatures of 90 percent.
Shows Knifers Up
It was the intention to hold back
the document until it became certain
that no vote would be permitted anJ
then to read it into the senate record
with the names uf those who had
stood behind the President's program
attached. The leaders had not entire
ly abandoned hope of saving the meas
ure end some of them thought circula
tion of the mauifesto for signatures
had increased the possibilities of pas
sage. It was conceded, however, that
the possbility still was remote.
Bill Championed in Vain
At midnight Senator Hitchcock, in
charge of the bill, made another fu
tile effort to obtain unanimous con
sent for limitation of debate and for
a time to vote. He projiosed to begin
final voting at six a. m.
"An overwhelming majority of the
senate is ready for action now," he
said. "The bill passed the House by
one of the most overwhelming major
ities ever recorded there. I urge sen
ators to give the senate an opportuni
ty, to express its opinion."
Senator Clapp said he did not be
lieve it possible to reach an unani
mous agreement, as he knew that sev
eral senators opposed to the bill do
sired to speak. He said he personal
ly did not desire to delay a vote.
Little Band Murders It
Disclaiming any desire to filibuster
Senator Works said that while a sen
ate majority undoubtedly favors the
I ill, a majority of the American peo
ple oppose any step which may lead
to war. Declaring the bill's friends
had consumed more time than its op
ponents, he added:
"If it fails. It may Justly be said
that it was killed by its friends."
Senator Hitchcock then withdrew
his request ami the debate was re
sumed., Ashurst on Right Side
Sixty-eight senators had signed the
manifesto at a late hour tonight and
others who were absent were known
to favor it. Senators who had signed
were:
Democrats: Ashurst. Bankhead,
Peckliam. P.roussard. Bryan, Cham-t-erlaln.
Chilton. Culberscn. Fletcher,
Hardwick. Hitchcock. Hollis. Hughes,
Hunting. James, Johnsou of Maiue,
Kern. Lea. Lee, Lewis, Martin. Myrs.
Newlands, O'Gornian, Overman. Ow
ens. Phelan. Pittman, romerene. Ran
dell. Robinson, Saulsbury. Shafroth.
Sheppard, Shields. Simmons. Smith
of Georgia. Smith of Maryland. S nith
of South Carolina. Swanson, Thomas,
Walsh and Williams 43.
Republicans: Borah, Brady. Bran
depeee. Clark. Colt, Curtis. Dilling
ham, Fall, Fernald, Harding, Ixidgo,
McCumber. McLean. Nelson. Oliver,
Page, Polndexter,' Sherman, Smith of
(Continued on Pace Fivt
i
ON RECORD
6ILLS FAIL
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. March 4. The six
ty fourth congress was. approaching
its close early today with failure of
some of the major administration
measures certain and the fate of oth
ers hanging in the' balance.
Held up by thV determined opposi
tion of a small group of senators who
threatened to prolong debate until the
end of the session at noon, the Presi
dent's armed neutrality ' bill was jiv
ing the leaders most concern.
The naval bill, with its provisions
for continuing the big building pro
gram, was one of the measures caught
in ll e legislative Jain, but it was
saved when the senate shortly after
one o'clock interrupted debate on the
neutrality bill to approve a conference
report already accepted hy the house.
House Shames Senate.
Out-tripping the senate in clearing
away legislative odds and ends, the
house recessed at 12:52 a. m. to 10
a. m. There was no prospect that the
senate would interrupt Ita session un
til expiration at noon.
Democratic and Republican leaders
united in an efrVrt to break down the
opposition in the senate and bring the
armed neutrality measure to a vote.
T!fu,-h .'lie morning hours unusual
pressure, was brought to bear, but
with little promise of success.
Army. Bill Doomed.
The annual army appropriation bill,
and the civil sundry bill were among
the measures of whose pa.-sage the
leaders virtually had despaired.
By recessing as sc'jn as the im
mediate business was disposed of in
stead of waiting in session for the
senate to report itself ready for ad
journment, the house cut short Cic
period t of song and celebration that
usually occupies the closing hours of
the sess.'jn. Although tho galleries
were crowded, there were fei$ drama
tic features in either house or senate.
WASHINGTON, March 3 Congress
was in Its dying hours tonight work-
ing frantically to save the most im-.:
portant legislation from the last tnln-i
ute jam in which it finds itself. I
House and senate worked steadily,
from early in the day and will wortt
(Continued on Page Three i i
COLORADO HOUSE TO
PAY THOSE LOSING
BY LABOR TROUBLE.
DENVER. March 3. Promised
changes in the primary system
said to be so drastic as to mean
even a reversion to the old con-
vention system of nominating
party candidates, were prevented
today when the house killed a
bill amending the primary elec-
tion law.
The house passed bills provid-
ing for compensation of injured
guardsmen and l'or the families
of those killed in the recent labor
troubles of the state and author-
izing towns and cities to ls.-ue
bonds to take up judgments ob-
tained against them.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. March i. Tli
naval appropriation bill was wut to
the President shortly after 1 o'clock
this morning when final congressional
action was taken, the Senate agreeing
to the conference report previously;
accepted by the House.
WASHINGTON. March 3. Confer
ees on the J535.00fl.0iX) naval appro
priation bltl agreed on a report to-
! night reducing the extra number cf
pubmartnes to be built from 60 to 2),
I all to be constructed on the Pacific
I coast. That would make the total
number of submarines provided for lu
the bill 38.
NAVAL BILL AND RIDER SAVED
PASS CONGRESS THIS MORNING
o i
PRESIDENTJJEARS MORE
i By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. March 3. Presi'dent Wilson will take
the oath which makes him President of the United States for
another term tomorrow, probably at noon, privately and'
without ceremony in his office in the Capitol where he ex
pects to be signing bills during the closing hours of congress.
He will take the oath upon the same Bible he used when
sworn in as governor of New Jersey and later when he took
his first oath as President. It is a family heirloom.
Monday the President will take another oath at the open
ciir inaugural ceremonies at the Capitol, just before he de
livers his inaugural address. Vice President Marshall prob
ably will do the same thing and repeat his part of the cere
mony in the Senate chamber Monday.
The Weather Bureau today predicted fair and colder
weather Monday.
The ceremonies promise to be a great demonstration of
Americanism. Coming at a time when the country is faced
with foreign complications of the gravest sort, the note of
patriotism dominates all else.
1000 SUFFRAGETTES TO "REBUKE"
PRESIDENT BT
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Mar. 3. Encirc
ling the White House with a chain of
purple, white and gold, woman suf
lragists will bring to a climax tomor
row In a two hour silent demonslis
tiou their siege of President Wilson
on behjlf of a federal suffrage amend
ment. About a thousand members of the
congressional union for woman suf
frage and the national women's party
have enlisted t: lengthen for the final
watch the line of ph-ki-ts on junrd at
the White House gates for the la'i
six weeks, encompassing the Presi
dent's comings and goings to impress
him with their determination to have
the ballot.
Only in a modified form, however,
will the demonstration follow plans
to reproduce the march of the Israel
ites around Jericho. At first it was
proposed to circle the White House
seven times, with seven prit'stessrs
carrying the suflrage ark and accom
BRITISH ADVANCE
ON FIVE MILE FRONT;
(By Review Lea set! Wir)
LONDON. Mar. 3. Against stub
born German resistance. British
troops today advanced their line north
of the Ancre, in France, an average
of a quarter mile on a front of nearly
five miles, says the official statement
tonight. The British advance was
made north of Puisieux-au-Mont and
east of Gommecourt.
A German bombing attack, the
statement adds, forced the British to
evacuate a trench east of SniHy-Satll-
isel. but all the lost ground was re
gained by a counter attack.
OENVER WILL PLAY CUBS
ENROUTE TAST MARCH 31
DENVER. Mar. P.. Announcement
as made tonight that the Denver
team of the Western league will play
the second team of the Chicago Na
tional leaguo squad here .March 31 or
April 1.
The separate resolution for a bond
Issue of $150,000,000 to provide for
hastening construction of naval ves
sels, was passed by the House tonight
without opposition.
Without a roll call, the House later
agreed to the conference report on the
naval bill itself. Only Senate approval
and the President's signature were
needed then to complete enactment of
the measure, but it was uncertain
when the Senate would act.
The Senate then adopted the Uousk
resolutlon providing for a lond Issue
of $lf0,0u0.0f0 to expedite construc
tion of naval vessels. That completed
approval cf the ndtninistrat ion's novil
program.
SILENCE TODAY
panied by a "long blast of the ram's
horn." the citadel signifying to the
sufi'ragists the stronghold of o;pfsi
tii.n to the cause of surfrage by feder
al aineidiiie.it. Why tf-at nuthod of
attack w;is abamlur.-d has not hern
made mtirely clear.
The worm n aie optimistic l).:it the
walls -f the Jtdiclio thiy have te-si-,d
will crumble soon btnenth the
influence of silent methods. B'll thy
do no; claim to have iit-fiiiLti- basis for
Mu-lr hopes. t
Ou'wurdly. at hast, the President
has sl.owu no si:n .f wrv-rit in his
opposition to a fidera! un:"n'lTu-n'.
and his prfien-nce for s"ffra!ie In
state enactment. Daily he has smil.d
and saliitt'il the pickets always en
countered, rain or shine When hit
ter Jani;iry winds tried fhe rour.-se
of the guards, he invited thorn t-
come insid'. but they refused. Since
ther except for the daily smile and
snlute he tins not shou t'at he was
aware of his s;ate of se!i;p.
PRESIDENT MAY
ARM SHIPS ANYVAY
! (By Review Leased Wire)
! WASHINGTON. Mar. 3. W hether
j President Wilson ill arm American
i merchant iicn if congress fails to pass
1 the bill granting him specific autLori
j ty a subject of much speculation
tonight.
The President declared in his ad
dies asking congressicnal action tha'
"no doubt I already posses that au
thority without special warrant of
law. by th; plain indications of my
constitutional duties and powers." He
added that he preferred not to act up
on "general implications.'
The navy already having made
'preparations for arming merchantmen
some admiuistr ition officials tliou-ht
that the President might carry out
that policy even if congie-s docs not
act. He has given no indication, hr.w
ever of his intentions.
' Mr. Wilson remained up until nr-ar-,
ly midnight and kept in close touch
with the senate situation.
MEMPHIS STORES CLOSE
TO TEST "PICKETING"
MEMPHIS. Mar. Memphis de
partment stores and other retail es
tal lishments which closed today be
cause of tile decision of local traces
union representatives "to picket" one
of the stores as a test in the strike
of a recently organized union of
clerks, announced tonight th.it busi
ness would fc resumed Monday
P.oth sides declared plans had bcn
Ipeiferted to continue the ft;ht.
j Approximately sixty stores kept
j their doors closed during the day. An
i injunction obtained today restrains
laror leaders and union sympathizers
from picketing the stores.
IOWA GUPDS GO HOME.
j BROWNSVILLE. Tex.. Mir. 3
T"ie second Tows Infantry left the b"r
dcr tonight for Fort Pes .foine tn
demobilize. TWO
THE BISBE DAlLt REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 4, 1917.
BATTLE SCARRED
OLD WAR HORSES
NUMBER THOUSANDS
the
Dare Death es Men, But Get
No Gold Braid on Sleeves.
They Also Suffer by Shat
tered Nerves.
WITH THE niUTISH ARMIES IN
FRANCE Coi respondence of the As-:
sociated Press) It would be difficult I
to find a more pampered lot of beings
than the war-horses. In the stress of
battle they suffer with the men. but '
the number of equine "casualties" I
anions the hundreds of thousands of
horses employed is really very small. '
There are veterans among the hors-;
es who hav been three or four times
wounded: there are even those who
suffered nenons breakdowns from;
the shattering shock of the shells. If I
they were men in khaki they would !
have gold stripes of hononupon their i
sleeves, but tne faithful old horses go
back to the front time and 'time, again
asking nothing in the way of distinc
tion. 1
What they get instead is the very
best of faod and plenty of it, the kind-
est of care and the keenest apprecia
tion of the services they render. Vis
itors to the battle zone invariably ex
press amazement at the appearance
and condition of the horses. Just now
they are snug and warm under the
self-protection of their long winter
c:ats. They arc fat and strong mus
cled. They plod and splash content
edly through the mud in twos, threes
and fours or twelves, dragging guns
and heavy wagons behind them with
never the necessity if a harsh word
or a whiplash from heir drivers. The
men come to love the horses. Officers
who hae teen here from the b'gin
iii'i,;. and there ari still a few left,
sh;.- thaf in i.ll thai time they have
never seen an act of cruelty toward
horse or mule.
One reason for the splendid appear
ance of the horses at the front is the
fact that the moment one begins to
show signs of over-fatigue or debili
tation, he is taker, out of service and
rent back to a hospital to recuperate
Occasionally, too, the horses come
down with mud blister upon their
backs, with an injured foot that may
r.ot have been noticed in time, or with
some of tile diseases that equine
flesh is heir to. It is a great tribute 1
to the veterinary services, however, i
tl-.at most of the old contagious dis- '
eases that used to decimate the ranks
of horses in war time, hare been ef- i :
fectuaily stamped out and no longer ".
give concern. Glanders, for instance,
once a dread scourge, is now a thing j
of the past. None of the-horses n
France is injected. Occasionally a
cas-. comes with a new shipment from
abroad, but it is quickly eliminated.
At the end of two years of the
South African war fully SO per cent
of the horses had been affected by
the mange. During two years and a
half of the present war. with the num
ber of horses engaged multiplied by
thousands. less than two per cent
have been affect d. The mules have
been even less involved. As a matter
of fact the mules are so tough and
hardy they seldom enter into the vet
erinary statistics.
The hospitals provided for them by
the army must very nearly approach
the horses' idea of Heaven. It is a
ioy to go into one of the convalescent
"wares" especially at meal times.
Sometimes the convalescents stand al--most
nose to nos, and if the horse
across the wiy gets his hay tirst.
there is i terrible hulliibaloo. A par
ticularly r.- ''nous patient now and
then will only eat his portion of
hay but the rope net that surrounds
it. A few nights aeo one b:xl such a
healthy appetite he tried to e:t
blanket olT his nearest neighbor.
All the horses in hosnital are fed
four times a day. The more debilitat
ed ones ate led five and six times.
When they are particularly run down
and in danger of being mistaken for
sort of bone-yard ha tracks, the pa
tients get nothing but cooked foods,
and they fairly revel in them. They
have tonics, too, and It Is remarkable
to see the improvement in their condi
tion that r. few weeks work. The diet
for "debilities" consists of oatmeal
gruel, linseed gruel, boiled turnips
and scalded oats. Later they get
crushed oats and chopped hay, and
almost before hey know it are in the
convalescent ward.
The operating rooms with their big"
bds spread upon the concrete floors,
are as cheery and immaculate as if
intended for human beings. For all
except the most minor operations an
anaesthetic is administered.
"The horses take the chloroform
remarkably well," said the officer
commanding one of the hospitals to
the correspondent of The Associated '
, .. , . . i . i . .. .. i . . . I
; i ress. i uou I uiiiik w e nave iusi
I but one patient in the last six
months," he added,
i "Patient" seems a most appropriate
I designation for the horses. They are I
' verv pictures of patience until they
reach the stage of convalescence.
Each patient has a little aluminum
tag and a hospital chart which tells
his age. color, where he came from, j
what he shall have to eat and drink
and take, when he shall have a nice j
hot bath and various notations as to
his condition and behavior. There is j
a personal touch about the treatment
of the horses which in itself bespeaks 1
the esteem in which they are held.
Walking about the wards, the "C. O."
had a kind word or two for his pa- j
tients. It seemed a particularly hu- J
man thing to do. And he patted most !
of them and called many by name.
"This old charger." he said of one. !
"is a great favorite in the hospital.
lie has been one of the bravest of the
trave. has lost an eye in baitle, and ;
so we call hiiu Nelson. I am going to j
send to Tr.ris and get bin a Rood
class eye before he goes back to the i
front, so none of the other horses will j
have a chance to 'swank' it over hint.
U won't really be a glass eye. because '
they are tirade of a composition r.ct
so fragile. The horses do not mind ,
the ar'ificial eyes at all and they look :
awfully well in them." j
Ho thorough is the work of the '
etcrinary service that if a pationt de
velops a contagious disease all the
horses in the unit from which he
came are called in for disinfection
ind examination. So successful -is
he work (hat R2 percent of all sick
'.3SrK and "cK-ualties" are returned I
to active service. ,
"If we were dealing with human
is;--." snid flic officer commanding, 1
v. o;i!d run the percentage up to j
the nhieiies.- But unfortunately, :u '
lealing with the horses we have at !
limes to weivh their cases in the j
scales of pounds, shillings and pence. I
in other words, we have to decide j
whether it will pay to save the ani-i
nal. Is he too old to be of much ser-
vice when he is cured, or will the
course of treatment be so long and 1
expensive as, to outweigh the value j
of future usefulness? In striving for !
war efficiency and i'ie highest poten
tiality of horse power all these things
:i'usi be considered. It is the old, old
--tory again of the survival of the fit
test. There- Is no other way."
01110 idea of the number of Ameri
can horses "djing their bit"' in the 1
war c:n be gained from the fact that
40 percent of all admitted to hospital
come from the ITr.it d States.
Expert repairing on fine watches
and jewelry: diamond setting, engrav
ing and general repairing. Minton,
the port office jrjwel'T. Ixiwcll.
Advertisement. "43
CIRL AM) .1I0TIIEK. ACCUSED OF SLAYINC
. HEAD OF HOUSE, ON TUIAL IN LOUISVILLE
M'PtWrtcd " !'? Inchest priced V
""srl ii; r. t v l,, II, A
li-eM, -i.vtv t aid hM d ujt 1 c 4' S lK
Mi- Mi. He M I ix ,v jnulh , Sft-&
ile-l.t. !e, ! ff , ' irK on
th? morn:.- ' ' J v ? Jt
n-: trial in L, 'r 11 um,. , 'VW
fst ;!";.- v-e innocent f the charire i? V
J '!::.',; cvi.k-:,c'- g::ii;-t tnem !S cir- 'S fr
cus:.-tan'ia!. lu-i hl war kiileil in his ': i "
l-f.r.e. 'i'iie wor.en v.i-" present at ji : j
I " ",: ; ' .-7 - rs. I.m-a Ht-cht and licr duughtei
' X : J Ida.
I "1- " r 'nil
T; t V eetl!:,,..!; ,i I-.
S. -r t ' i i-r I-. ire n-' ,
,l-e s:i the crimp v-.
-cii.r. A mnil car
'.:r I'eehiics he was
lhat iii'lit hv shots,
v. -ice if .Mrs. Hccht
Considering Everything--Cost of Material-Quality of
Workmanship-Character of Styles and Designs-This is the Most Noteworthy
Display of Spring Apparel we Have Ever Assembled
Khaki-Kool Silks
OF SFKCIAL, INTEREST are these new Khaki-Kool Silks, whose uniqueness
is unequaled perhaps by any ether fashionable silk loomed today.
THESE SILKS are particularly adapted for the sports styles in vogue,, because
of their ruggedness of quality as weil as for the snap and dash and vigor of their
colorings.
Spring Coats
Dashing New Models
$10 Upward to $35
EVERYTHING THAT Fashion favors in
Spring Coats will he found in this compre
hensive display. There are delightful new
models that will be a revelation to women
who go motoring on sunshiny days Sports
styles that are unusual in design, fabric and
color and for afternoon and dressy wear
tJ.ere are also many ideal styles.
MATERIALS include velour, serge, wool
jersey, cheviots, mixtures and poplins.
Mostly high shades, for this seems to be the
keynote of Smart Coats for spring wear.
r.
V
THE STORE THAT SERVES YOU BEST
J
IN EVERY WOMAN'S wardrobe it is time for new clothes Spring Togs are ever
the most alluring. One delights in the witchery of springtime colors. The new spring
colors, are indeed, charming for fabrics this season repeat the bright hues of birds and
butterflies and velvet-petaled flowers. And modes are designed to ensnare feminine,
fancy as never before so alluringly do they interpret the feminine.
The New Apparel Modes
FASHION-LUXURIOUSNESS in all its gloriously developed splendor greets you
here tomorrow Styles of rare distinction Models new and exclusive A wonder
ful diversity of materials and colors. The most charming of this season's creations are
shown in generous assortments, and are constantly receiving noteworthy augmentations.
Handsome Novelty Suits
$32.50, $35.00 to $50.00
Sl'ITS that will win the approval of matron and miss such stunning
new models. Those wonderfully smart belted models and Norfolk n
a host of varied effects. As late as yesterday we received a delightta.
' assortment of these tor street, sport and dress wear.
Made of the most fashionable of smart fabrics, includms: Silk and
wool jersev. Taffeta Silk, serge, gaberdine ana Foiret Twills, :n the most
beautiful spring colors. Wherever you want to go there's a Suit for tne
occasion among these priced at $32.50 to $50.00.
Suits That Are Unmatchable
$18.50, $22.50 and $25.00
THIS STORE HAS ALWAYS iiad the determined purpose fo hold first
place in the Southwest for Suits o reliable fabrics, smart style, at
moderate prices and this season is to be no exception, wait until you
see the unusual Suits we've assembled to sell at $18.50, $22.50 and $25.00.
If you look at them tomorrow, wc think you'll agree that they r.re about
the best suits at the little prices asked that cculd bt found in a day's
search.
Charming New Dresses
$15.00, $18.50 up to $35.00
Newest Materials and Combinations
WE HAVE THEM COMING IN new and newer every day the fastest
changing stuck to be found anywhere and the most remarkable dresses
for the prices.
Taffetas, Serges. Georgette combinations. Crepe Meteors and Crepe IX
Chine. There are dozens ot new monels all different, in Hague, Delft Blue,
honey gold, mustard, c.'tarlrus?, apple green, gray, rose, tan, navy and black
Any woman who sees them will wain one
THE MATERIALS have beer, carefully chosen. The stitching, the liv
ings, the buttons are all considered as carefully as the cut and design. A
great diversity of lovely stylos, delicate, clinging, beautiful a bit prim,
more tangible, inorr impressive. Dresses tor every type of figure in the
most vivid and daring color -omtnnatii r.s greet you wherever you turn.
Raincoats $3.95 and Up
We have a very comprehensive collection cf Raincoats for Women and
Children, from the least expensive at :,.3.95 and $5 up to those of excellent
liiaiity of silk priced ct $25. 0l. The .ire all the rubberized double-text uro
ccats, thai are rain and spot proof: mat'e of silk and gaberdine in plaids and
plain colors, also fancy tweeds.
'"r
:
7
r
L
W I
2
v
w
There's a Charm and Beauty of Style in Blouses Impossible to
Eclipse of Crepe de Chine, Georgette,
Wash Silks and Lingerie
M - I MM1T VVV!! Vn' ii time
;rvAgd cliu: Miir.g THouses that have just
P;"-.J ' I ...... i i -1- ,v
y-Vo .raJ' !T' -I'll r SA.:t;t una .i.yo ur itu
'V.
excriptiou could accurately
convey tl eir smart myic, cnic
atipearanc..' and excellent mon
ey's v.orli it is only throu?:i
ner-;or.ai inspection tiiat you
can know and understand their
ui!u:-n:ili!c ;s for the little prices:
made of Crepe Do Chine and
Wash Sill:s.
GEORGETTE CREFE Again its exquisite tltlicucy cap
tivates us. for the newest blnuses are of it; others of soft,
clinging Crept; IX1 Chine that rival theni in charm and beauty.
ELABORATELY beaded or embroidered, the new models
are fitting complements to even the mast fashionable two and
three-piece co. tumes; many new collar and cuff effecis. The
new shades include Chartreuse, Kelly green, mustr.rd, tea
rose, maize. a,)pricot, peach. Turquoise Blue, navy, gray,
white and iles:i. I'resent prices range from $0.50 upward.-; to
$15.00.'
THESE. ARE THK !aimif-
cotton Blouses possible to itm.i?
ine. Fashioned of softest am!
sheerest of dainty voiles ami
batiste. TlK'se new models as
suredly set a new hitrh marl; for
simple elegance and unusual
value in Blouses so inexpensive
ly priced.
Some finished wiUi hand-embroidery,
o'hers lace trimmer,
some in tailored effects, unusual
value at $l.4.'.
AW
i
A Corset is the Secret
of Perfect Style and Poise
LOOKING WELL DRESSED is largely a matter of
good health and comfort as well :rs clothes and .no
vvrman can be well crossed with, :n ill-fitting, uncom
fortable cor.vl, because the corsei is the foundation
u;ion which clothes are built.
THE "BON TON" Corset is scientifically correct. It
is comfortable, health-giving, lasting. Materials are Ltel
best workmanship perfect. A "BON TON" properly
tilted by our expert conscticrt will rive you such corset
satisfaction as you have never known before. PRICED
AT 54. $", 50 and upwards to $15.
Royal Worcester Corsets
$1.25, $1.50 to $2.50
BEACTY OF iJNE. perfection of fit and superior
quality of materials place "ROYAL WORCESTER"
f crsets in the tront rank wit'i every corset of co,u:;l
pi ice. ROYAL WORCESTER coisets make possible
qi eater than usuai comfort in moderately priced corse's.
We show these in a. broad range oi spring models,
adapted to every type of figure, at ?1.25 to $2.50.
r.j
Wonderful Millinery Exhibit
Newest Spring Models, Colors and Combinations
$3.95 and $5.00 and Upwards to $22.50
.Sl'R::!.Y NO WOMAN cou'd ask for a broaoor assortment to chooae iroiu. And i.esides the uii'i.-iial
.-.cope of this show'iig there t. much else to cc.iuu.end it to the woman who has a new hat to select.
I'ach a-id e. r ha' in this wonderful asembbce was personally selected by our Mit'ir.ery Cl:if. or it
conies from our own v, ortroi ms, Vv product of expert dcsigiiers and trimmer:-. Lich one embodies
some new stvle idea.
THERE A75E BLACK DFESS HATS OF HORSEHAIR BRAIDS COMBINED WITH MALINE
A VERY FASHIONABLE COWBINATION. THERE APE WING TF.iMMF.D HATS FOR SEMI
DRESS AND TAILORED WEAR. STUNNING SPORT HATS ARE SHOWN IN WONDERFUL
VARIETY OF DESIGNS AND COLORS. THERE'S A SHAPE YCU'LL LIKE WHETHER VOU
F REFER SMALL HATS. MEDIUM SIZE. OR B:G ONES.
List-re. Milan Hemp. Jap S'raw and Tagels arc highly favored, with Gecrgctte at.d ribbon models in
.sailors, high crowns. Trigon es and Russian Turbans fer street and dress wear. You will enthus.
over this assemblage or Spring Millinery, as much Uelihled with the styles and values, as with the
t'ttle mice we've attached to the smartest spring models.
Inexpensive Hats a Notable Feature
$2.95, $3.95 and $4.95
EVEN AT THE LOW PRICES of $2 !5, $ !.S5 and $4.95 there lie unlimited possibilities
."or the fashionable woman, in clever hats for Street or Semi-dress occasions.
DASHING NEW MODELS, absolutely perfect in style and making. Conspicuous
shap :. teatrring the latest evolutions in Turban.-, and Street Hats, stylishly designei
and attractively trimmed, with flowers, ribbon bows, feathers, fancies and ornaments in
OriciH.il colors.
r
Women's Spring Boots in White and Colored Kid
A Triumph of Style and Beauty
$6.50, $7.50, $8.50 and $10.00
NEVER BEFORE have women's shoes been so dainty and so
chic, and never before such a vast variety of combinations in really
beautiful models,
OUR WONDERFUL SHOWING of Spring and Summer Boots
in browns, grays, whi'es and various new and attractive combina
tions is the most distirctive and ths most attractive e er displayed by
this store.
m
THE DAINTIEST concept;
and you'll always Itnd "T
footwear. '
We ale siiouinj; some vi
ll;i'-lMe ;!r' t'le-e with brow
ami Sin new i-e-dh- jusl
Kid. with S inc.'i top cf gray i
ins, the
e I'air"
smartest and most charming styles ever attempted
store tirst with the most dependable in U tuiniue
A Season of
Mnt Footwear
Many Styles Priced at
$5, $6.50 and $8.50
WE ANTICIPATED THAT THIS SPRING wou'tl
l-e a hie season of White Kootwear. particularly
White Lace Boots and "way back in lPlfi. before
must men-harts had placed their order for fall sho-s,
we had bought White Boots for the Spring of 1917.
THERE HAS BEEN many and large advances in
leather ana materials since aau will you believe it
when we t.-l! you. that the shoes bought then, hav
advanced until the wholesale cost is almost as much
per pair as we are asking you to pay. IT'S A CON
SIDERABLE saving to you, don t you think?
y I ic;i 11 1 i I ul cniiil'iiK'iii.ii: of inlnn-d Uid. particularly .-I
i, black or gray i:mii-. with white kid tops, priced at V.'
t en cil. and representing unit, ual value is a : hne ot Patent
oth. hu e style. Ilcxihlc soles, priced at $7.0.
WHITE WASH KID Boots
soles. Ia-e t-tylc. $8.50 White
S im h t'.), pri- cd at . $'-.5'.
Booi. S inch tol for $5.
S 'uchc top, ivory
N"-Bnck La co FH)ts.
Wiiite Canvas Law
4 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 4, 1917.
THREE
! TUBER
i fin
IK
CULOSIS
By DR. R. F. KRENEK
, U. S. Bursau of Animal Industry.
Note The followiug artit liy hr.
Krciiek throws a great ileal of 1 iv ht
on a subject which docs not receive,
at the hands of the public, the con
sideration is deserves. In view of the
approach of warm weather it eanies
an especial warning t'J the people of
the Warren District.
tuberculosis in man as well as tuber-1
l miosis in animals was dcpcndani upon
, the pathogenic action of a m'orpholo-,
Si" a'.ly and culturally charactcristii e j
; bacterium. Thus he theory of inlee
tiousness of tub-ri-iilosis was thereby
placed upon a lirm foundation. Fur-
ither research was thenceforth direct-
in dairv cattle than in href cat-
In the state of New York about
L". per cent '.if the dairy cattle nre
'tubercular: in Missouri about lit per
J j cent. According to the data of the
jil'. S. Bureau of Animal Industry one
'per cent of the beef tattle and two
per cent of swine slaughtered under
inspection ol the l riiteu Mates
tubercular. I Hiring the fiscal
cows the udders themselves are dis
' eased anil in such cases the bacilli
are most certainly to be found in their
milk. Medical authorities state that
IT. per cent of the cases of tuberculosis
in children is caused by the consump
tion of infected' .w's milK. There is
hardly any question that a largo per-
:ire rentage of all cases of tuberculosis in
year 'the human family is due to the samn
;n mm
British
progress i
beginning July 1. 191 .". and ending cause.
June SO. 1'JIO. IO..,Ot;.TT.ri swine were prevention The only saying that
slaughtered under irisDection: of these Ian ounce of prevention is worth a
174.10!! carcasses and 319.'J'j!t parts pound of cure is especially true in the
Tuberculosis is a contagious, iufee-;ed to the establishment of the vnrl-
tious disease of man and domestic
; animals. It is caused by Koch's Bacil
lus of tuberculosis or one of its varie
ties. Anatomically it is characterized,
in its incipient stage at least, by small
non-vascular nodules known as tub
ercles which have a tendancy to un
dergo cheesy defeneration.
ous conditions under which infection
tock place and by means "of which the
discovery .f ellicicnt methods of pre
vention was possible.
In recent years the study of th
etiology of tuberculosis received a
new sttimuhis when Koch, in an ad
(dress before the Tuberculosis on-
were condemned for tuberculosis
alone. During the same period 37.08."
carcasses and r.S.S.a parts of cattle
of the total numttei ol .u.:,iii
slaughtered under inspection were
condemned for the same cause. Por
cine tuberculosis is apparently on the
increase in the I'niled States. Equine
tuberculosis is not common. It is
usually found in those horses and
case of tuberculosis. In order to pre
vent the danger of Contracting tuber
culosis through the medium of milk
it is necessary to strike at the source,
and that is the cow that Is Infected
with this disease. Th only reliable
way to detect tuberculosis, unless tin
symptoms of the disease have become
very pronounced, is by means of
"tuberculin". This Is a bio-chemie
Tuberculosis, and particularly that'gress in 1901. declared that bovine
form known as pulmonary consump-jand human tuberculosis were differ
tion, has from the remotest time beciient diseas'-s. that the tuberculosis -f
recognized as the most prevalent dis- j man was not transmissible to rattle
ease of man. A large percentage of and that it was not necessary to ob
all deaths is due to tuberculosis. The serve special precautions to protect
study of its nature had. therefore, un-jman against bovine tuberculosis. This
til the beginning of the last century, opinion was diametrically opposed to
been confined almost exclusively i'j former views expressed by him or
man. I'ntil recently all investigations held by the medical profession in pen
concerning tuberculosis amounted tojeial, and gave rise to extensile re.
little more than theories or hypo- j search work which proved, conclusive
theses. The question, however. as-'ly, that Koch's statement was not
sinned a new aspect in 1 St5 when j based on facts and that bovine tubr
Yillemln croved bv means of experi-1 culosis was transmissible to man.
mental infection that tuberculosis was
transmissible from man to animal.",
and from animal to man respectively.
Thereafter, different medical authori
ties were led to investigate the dis
ease more thoroughly and as a result
many of them became convinced ot
its infectious nature and that it was
caused by some bacterium. -N'oihiug
now was lacking in the chain of evi
dence but the recognition .f this spe-1
citic virus in order that the infectious
nature of tulierculosis might be recog
nized as a scientifically demonstrated
fact. This was accomplished by Dr.
Robert Koch in 1882 when he proved
bv incontrovertible evid-nce that
As to the extent of tuberculosis.
mules that have been
from tubercular cows,
is very rare in sheep
in g'.iats. Dog and cat tuberculosis is
usually observed in P'ts of tubercular
people, although barn cats, especially
those fed on milk from tubercular
cows, frequently become tubercular.
This disease is more prevalent in
fowls than is ordinarily suspected, al
though the percentage of affected birds
is difficult to determine because there
is at present no official inspection of
fowls.
Source of infection. The bacterium
tuberculosis may be transmitted from
infected to healthy animals directly.
fed on milk I material containing th products and
McKarland states that It per cent of but infection is more frequently ob-
l
Tuberculosis j the disintigrated bodie9 of the Rae
and still less j terium tuberculosis, it is prepared by
growing the Bacterium tuberculosis
in a glycerine bouillon for a certain
length of time. The glycerin bouillon
culture is filtered and the filtrate
sterilized by heat and concentrated to
the desired strength by evaporation
over a water-bath. The active, prin
ciple of tuberculin is probably a nu-cleo-proteid
or its chemic derivative.
Tuberculin is a very reliable diagnostic
agent and in the hands of a qualified
veterinarian is a very effective means
of diagnosing cases of tuberculosis in
cattle. The principal method of ap
plication has been by subcutaneous
tained from infected foodstuffs, barns, injection and noting the temperature
Teed rucks, watering troughs, soil, etc. . changes in the animal tested. The
Tubercular animals are almost con- normal temperature of the animal is
slantly eliminating .the bacterium ascertained previous to the injection,
which infects everything that the Eight hours after the injection tem
tubercular discharges contact. .Some-1 perature is again taken every two
times the carcasses of animals dead of hours until at least three have beep
tuberculosis are thrown into rivers or taken. A rise 'of two to three degrees
! . ...... 1 . .. V.. :.?.....:.,.. ..'nn fliA ITllnnM.it ft AAnol.IaMil a Vf.A..t..n
percentage depending! mu uu i huk nowi. uc- .-....ui ,v iw,.oinTr.r . trmuwu
for control I picuut m Ol hjuuj Milan nidus"' a"u una niKiiiut-a tuui ititr auiuiat l
ter houses are fed to hogs anil this tuberculous.
affords opportunity for them to be- j All those animals that react to the
come infected. The infectiousness of test should at once be separated from
the deaths in the numan family is due
to this disease. It is probable that
25 per cent of all humans have or have
had tuberculosis. In the Old World
it is more prevalent than in the
I'nited States.
The prevalence "of animal tuber
culosis is variable in different com
munities, the
upon methods employed
and eradication .under different sani
tary laws, upon transportation rules
and regulations, and upon the condi
tions under which animals are main
tained. Tiie disease i.-; more preval-
Electric Pocket
FLASHLIGHTS
the largest stock in the district Globes' and Batteries
always on hand Repairs FREE.
Come and see our big stock of
TIRES AND
SUPPLIES
We Will Appreciate Your Business!
MACHINE SHOP AND BATTERY SHOP
Brophy Garage &
Supply Co.
milk containing tubercle bacilli bears
an intimate relation to the occurrence
of tuberculosis in swine which are
fed on skim milk furnished by skim
ming stations. The danger of feeding
milk containing bacilli to calves is
shown by the common eperience(that
tuberculosis occurs much less fre
quently in calves fed on sterilized
milk than in calves that are permitted
to suckle their infected mothers.
Elimination. Tuberculosis affects
Lowell
Arizona.
Special Rates to
am
a
n
return
and 1-3 Fare for Round
Trip
all tisues of the body and the Bacte
rium tuberculosis may not be eliminat
ed from the affected animal or it may
be discharged In one or nfore of the
secretions or excretions. It has been
determined by ' the 17. S. Department
of Agriculture that about 40 per cent
of tubercular cattle eliminate the Bac
terium tuberculosis In their faces. The
s:'n.e investigation also found that
.'bou! 25 j-r cent of tubercular cows,
ciiardiess of the location of the le--i-ms,
eliminate the Bacterium tuber
cu'isis in their milk. These are facts
of prime importance in adopting means
for checking the progress or for sup
pression of the disease. The dis
charges from the respiratory organs
of tubercular animals frequently con
tain the infective organism, especially
if they have pulmonary lesions of tho
disease. There are other chanels of
ii;;...'nati'on besides those mentioned
'but they are of minor importance.
. The two of the principal channel
of elimination in the case of the dairy
cow that are of the 'greaiest import
mice to man are: (1) the digestive
tract, by means of its excreta, and
(2) the udder, through its secretion,
the milk. Granting that the figures
of the L". S. Department of Agricul-
ture are correct, it must be conceded
that the danger to man "of contracting
this dreadful disease from dairy cows
through the medium of milk is very
great.
First, let us consider the importance
of the danger that arises from the
elimination of the micro-organism
through the digestive tract in iU ex
creta. Every man knows that the
the rest of the herd and their milk
should under no consideration be sold
on the market.
BOWLING
The Bankers defeated the Teachers
at bowling on the Y. M. l A. alleys,
by a score of 2027 tt 1999. Evans, of
the Bankers' team, made high score
of the match, 208. and Curtiss, of the
rival five, bowled high average, 157.
The scores follow:
Bankers
Reese 130
Fuches 144
Cowan 133
Demody 119
Evans 13.1
Teacher
Potter 14S
Curtiss 166
Lawernson us
Lehmer 132
Chance 82
139
128
132
112
143
148
116
111
208
troops maintain their dailj
.igainst the ; rman lines on
the Ancre front in France. On Satur
day. Field Marshal Main's forces. l.on
don records, made an average- ad
vance of a quarter mile on a front ol
nearly five inib s despite stubborn r
man resistance
The latest gain was made east oi
I'uisieux au-Mont and north of Commc-
ourt of the Essartes-Ihicqueoy-Bap-aume
line, where it has been reported
the Germans were expected to make
0 stand. Berlin says there have been
violent infantry encounters on both
banks of the Ancre and it is apparent
Crown Prince Ruprerht is offering
greater resistance to the British at
tempts to advance.
Near Sallly-Sailllsel. several .miles
south of the British advance, an 1
northeast of Gueitdecourt. the Ger
mans attacked the British lines. Re
pulsed at Guedecourt. the Germans, by
bombing attack, gained some ground
ast of Sailly-Sailliael. The lost
gionnd is reported to have been re
gained entirely by the British. On the
remainder of the western front raids
and artillery' engagements have oc
curred. Mamadan, in I'ersia, 21') miles nortu
east of Bagdad, the goal of the pre,
ent British advance in Mesopotamia,
has been captured by the Russians,
according to a Teheran dispatch. Tilt
occupation of Mamadau may presage
another attempt by the Russians to
advance into Mesopotamia from the
east lo aid the British forces then.
In a raid on. Russian lines west of
Lutzk, Volhynia. which were penetrat
ed nearly a mile, Berlin says the Ger
mans destroyed the Russian works
and took 122 prisoners. There has
been nt great activity on the eastern
front and heavy snows are reported
in Rumania. Raids and artillery a?,
tions are reported from the Macedo
nian and Austro-Italian fronts.
except, lor me announcement in
London that the Greek steamer Pro-
connissos of 2.7C9 tons, has been sunk
oy a submarine, no report of losse
from German submarine activities has
been issued from the entente capitals.
The French admiralty announces that
it will not issue a daily list of sub
marine losses, but will give out a
weekly summary. Figures vouched
for 'in London show that German sub
marines destroyed 490.000 tons of mer
chant shipping in February. This fig
j uie is less than half the 1,000.000 tons
wim-u rsernn nas claimed would re
sult from unrestricted" submarine war
fare.
W :
T:-0 ''-y "ATTENTION" .
LOOK. THb WAY
t.XV-
1 ! I i
t v? - "M flur Suits ar
V -'- Are the
No More
No Less
V ,'-: ' s that mon-'V can buy.
rt-tS-M'i V;hy pay hie; prices for suits? When
-vO 'we can show and Guarantee vou that
' vX our suits are equal to any sold at
i 1 1 , 0JJ- 1 I lio siaiciiiuiii may auuiiu
JsZ Us easonable to you ! But we can show
rhV''x i ou the goods, that's what we want
come in an
id be
convi
inced.
106
149
109
144
122
130
irfi
ir.3
ir.7
127
ARMY BILL LOST
THIS CONGRESS
(Continued from Page 1)
all night and tomorrow.
If when the clocks ' approach the
hour of noon the time when the six
ty fourth congress dies by law there
is still a chance of doing something
more, the hands of the clocks will be
turned back and congress oHicially
will make itself believe that there is
still more time.
Tonight the house was in better
condition than the senate where the
'opposition to the armed neutrality
bill which President Wilson wants to
deal with the German submarine
situation tied the situation into a
hard knot.
The opposition from the Republican
side was negligible but was pro
nounced from Senator Stone. Denio-
average "cow barn." unless it is un-'rral- lne cuairman or the foreign rela-
On account of the An
nual convention of Pan
handle and Southwestern
Stockmen's Association.
Tickets on sale from
March 4th to March 8th
inclusive.
Final return limit March
12th.
GARNETT KING
G.P.A., El Paso & South
western R. R.
El Peso, Texas.
der rigid official inspection, is a very
filthy place at best. Usually the man
ure is allowed to accumulate in the
barn until it is quite deep. It is a
I'ommon sight to see piles of manure
just outside the barn the year round.
When this manure becomes dry parti
cles of it in the form of dust are con
stantly floating in the air, and a lot
of these particles iaden as they may
be with bacteria find their way into
the open milk bucket at the time of
milking. Nor does the average dairy
man take the sanitary precaution of
washing the cow's udders before he
milks them. The hairy surface of the
udders accumulates dirt and this, un
less the udder Is washed carefully be-
I Core milking, is shaken into the milk
I bucket during the process of milking,
j Consequently, most milk is dirty al-
though we do not usually realize this
fact because of the disseising color
' of the milk. But if we take the trou
1 ble to filter milk through a dense filter
1 we may see whether or not such is
the case. The people of New York
City are said to Consume about two
tons of manure in their milk each
veir. And this is in npife of their
efficient milk and dairy inspection.
What would this amount to if they
had no inspection to protect them
against contaminated milk?
Now. let us consider the other im
portant channel ot elimination, the
mammary gland or udder, which may
discharge the bacilli In the milk in
case the t'ow has tuberculosis. The
experts of the l S. Department of
Agriculture say that 25 per cent of
tubercular rows eliminate the bacilli
in their milk, regardless of the loca
tion of the lcion. Very frequently In
MEXICANS ORDERED
OUT OF PARRAL AND
SANTA ROSALIA
(By Review- Leased Wire.)
KL. I'ASO. Alar. K. General Fran
cisco Murcuia has ordered all Mexi
-an families to leave I'arral and San
ta Kosalia and concentrate in Chihua
hua City, according to an American
refugee from that city who arrived
here today.
General Murguia announced in bot'o
towns that he was unable to give th
residents guarantees and ordered all
non-combatants to go to the state can
ital. The fact that the people of Pai
ral and Santa Rosalia had been friend
ly to Villa and had given the Villa
forces aid at different times was said
by the American to have been tho
real reason for the order. All of the
residents of Gallego, a town on ths
Mexican Central between Juarez and
Chihuahua City have abandoned their
homes and come to the horder be
cause or bandit activities in thnt
cinity.
vi-
FAMOUS MEDIUM NOW IN
tions committee.
Fears were expressed Tonight that
if a vote on the bill were not secured
by 8 o clock tomorrow morning it
probably would fail. Even after the
senate acts it must go back to the
house for agreement.
Bills With Chances.
Maximum which congress seemed
able to accomplish in its remaining
hours is perfection for the following
bills:
The armed neutrality bill
The house resolution for a $150,000,-
000 bond issue for , emergency naval
construction. ; '
Final passage of the regular naval
bill.
Bills Doomed to Tail.
It seemed as if the following meas
ures must fall for lark of time:
The army bill.
Sundry civil bill.
General deficiency bill.
Military academy bill.
Bill to extend powers tf the ship
ping board.
Amendments to the federal reserve
law to increase the gold reserve.
All nlh.r . n ...... 1 I .. J 1 :
i,.: , ... . nianaiug ione in ins .Magrillceni
By leaving its work untinished con ,.owrr of Heading the Future of Ilu
gress leaves also the possibility of an ; mankind.
extra session. While President Wil- i
son had not desired to call one, most ' K,I" 1'1 Occult Mysteries niui
leaders thinir the i.er rMp.'. -m Hindoo Philosophy in KPt anu
Li II III i I fl ILlf MI
Ciam
A. t B
LOWELL.
PROF. JERRILL
CLAIRVOYANT. ASTISOLOGKR.
"KNOW THYSELF"
Located at Lowell Hotel.
assemble probably in June if the
President concludes to call it before
next December.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
India.
Tells your name, why you callen,
whom and when you marry, gives
dates, facts about all you wish to
know. Tells of dea:hs. journeys,
lawsuits, business in vestments, e'c.
Heunites the separated, locate tile
tost. Tells you how you can win the
one you love. If you want n consult
a 'rue medium, usit Jerrill.
Tl Ml
I be ystilwav
HNF PRirF. r.!.OTHES
!AIM;T RISRFF ARIZONA
SOME DAIRIES STILL 'SIR BEERBOHM TREE
SELL FAULTY MiLR FEATURED AT CENTRAL
City Basteriohigisi R B. Durfee an
nounces the following analyses of lo
cal dairy milk, showing the percen
nge of butter fat, the number of bac
teria per cubic centimeter, nd the
nercentage of fluid. His classifica
tions into A, B and C are basd pri
marily upon the percentage of fluid,
the city's ordinance requiring not
ore than 8S percent, fluid, nor less
than 3 percent butter fat. Bacteria
vonId count not more than 130,000,
"ccording to sta'e law.
CLAS:4 A
"""Stwa Cirvin SI
Warren Ranch 4.1
Standard 3.S
111 aose 3.3
l Hiiss-n 3 7
''nre Milk Pe;ol
CLASS B
""ohlschlegel :',.l
Medigovich ami
",r-go-, ieh 1
( LAS-? C
Kirkland 2 9
4il on.)
25,000
30.000
10.000
lfiO.0-0
S3 63
S7.G1
S7S9
87.35
S7 fil
12.000 SS.33
millioa S7.49
IViil.OO
SS.S7
1 Emmlnent English Actor Ap
1 pears at Central Tonight in
, "The Old Folks at Heme.'
! Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree, who is
starring in "The Old Folks at Home."
j which appears at the Central theatre
t'onight. is one of the most distin-
1 guished of contemporary stags per
sonalities. He Is a3 much tne idol of
the theatregoers of. Kn eland as he is
of this country, where he has ap
peared with success in Shakespearian
! repertoire and in many modern plays.
Sir Herbert was knighted by King Kd
ward VII. wbo was of his most ardent
"patrons." In this Triangle produc
tion his portrayal tf the father is s;u
to win its way to the hears of motion
picture fans.
1 To Cure a Cold in One Day
; Take LAXATIVE BROMO CINIXE
tablets. Step the Cough and Headache
.' arul work off the Cold. Iruggists refund
. money if it fails to cure. E. W. Grove'
si'-natuie is on each box. 25 cents.
I
DATLON TO LEAD JCPLINS
JOPLl.V Mo.. M::r. 3 Jack Pulton.
!r"erly of the Ilro.ikijn National
"ague club, was sim-d tnd.iy t irac-
ae tiii Joplin team in the Western
league, it was announced by John
Si'vago, owi'er.
Bisose
Smoke
House
J. C. WHITE, Prop.
DISTRIBUTOR OF
T7
1$
rcLUC
rs
PARCEL POST and OUT WEST 5c
DRY CLIMATE. 3 for 25, 10c. 2 for 25c
TH1ES RIB30N. 3 for 25c. 10c. 2 for 25c
BALTIMORE. 2 for 25c
LITTLE BALTIMORE 5c Straight
WESTORIA. 2 for 25c
SOLLA-CARCABA. 10c. 2 for 25c and 25c
SOLLA-CARCABA, 35c or 3 for $1.00
UPMAN'S BOUQUET, 2 for 25c. 10c. 3 for 25c
UPMAN S EXTRA 5c
UPMAN'S 4's 4 for 25c
Upman's 4's Sold Special Saturday and Sunday
Five Cents Straight.
MAIN STREET.
PHONE 101 V
FOUR
THE BISBEE, DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 4, is 17.
Published Every Day Except Monday by the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered aa Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 3, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable in Advance:
PER MONTH : .75
THREE MONTHS . 2.25
SIX MON THS 4 00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
H v M'ir Weekly per uiinnet 75
iokLnpKo" laken fo ie Than '5 Cet
PHONE NO. 39.
Kev w subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
ail) rteview before 8 a. m. will get 'one promptly by
pecial Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will con
sider It a favor if any irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger service
pplie to Bisbee only.
Sunday Morning, March 4, 1917.
Washington Up To Date.
The more the life and words of George Washington
are studied, the more modern they appear, and the more
clearly they stem to apply to the. nation's present prob
lems. In one thing only the present wisdom of a Washington
policy is called in question the advice given in the Fare
well Address to keep aloof from foreign entanglements.
Inevitable events have dragged us out of our isolation.
It is doubtful whether hereafter we can avoid closer as
sociation, or even alliance, with foreign powers. But in
nearly every other respect the recommendations made
by Washington are surprisingly applicable today.
Take this excerpt from iiis fifth annual message to
congress:
"There is a rank due the United States among nations
which will be withheld, if not absolutely lost, by the repu
tation of weakness. If we desire to avoid insult, we
must be able to repel.it; if we desire to secure peace, on
of the most powerful instruments of our rising prosperity.
It must be known that at all time-3 we are ready for war."
Or take this more specific allusion to national prepared
ness, from his first annual message:
"To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual
means of preserving peace. A free people ought to be
not only armed but disciplined, to which end a uniforrt
ant veil digested plan is rcquisita; ;:nd safety and in
terest require that they should promote such manufactoi
ies as tend to render them independent of others for es
sential, particularly military, supplies."
Our preliminary organization of industrial resources for
national defense seems almost to have been inspired by
those words. And along the line of specific military pre
paredness, how up-to-date is the question he raises, in one
of his messages to congress, "whether the act 'more ef
fectually to provide for the national defense by establish
ing a uniform militia throughout the United States' has
so organized them as to produce their full effect." He
might have been speaking of the National Guard law
enacted by congress last year.
As for peril to shipping, and the need of a strong navy,
.he remarked in his last annual address: "It is our own
experience that the most sincere neutrality is not a suf
ficient guard against the depredations of nations at war.
To secure respect to a neutral flg requires a naval force
organized and ready to vindicate it from insult or ag
gression." AH in all, there was nothing old-fashioned about the
Father of his Country.
1 "Bone Dry."
Prohibition is put up against a severe test by the "bone
dry" bill just passed by congress. This Is the niont
drastic piece of anti-liquor legislation ever enacted in
the United States. If congress takes another step in the
same direction, we may have national prohibition.
Many experts on both sides of the alcohol question
doubt whether the nation is ready for so rigid a measure
as the Reed amendment. It carries to the limit the
principle announced recently by the supreme court, that
a state has the right to prohibit the liquor traffic abso-
' lutely within its boundaries, and no other state may ia
' vade that right.
The new law reinforces the legislation of fhedry
states, and goes much futher than some of them. It pro
vides that neither liquor nor liquor advertising may be
sent into any dry utate. Thus it automatically shuts off
liquor importations in many states which, while they have
forbidden the manufacture and sale of liquor within
their jurisdiction, have permitted its importation by in
dividuals for their private use.
There will now be fourteen states where it will pre
sumably be impossible for any citizen to get a drink.
Wealth and position will not avail. The millionaire will
lose his wine cellar and sideboard, and find himself
stranded alcoholically as high and dry as the humblest
laborer.
This is prohibition with a vengeance. It was meant
so, apparently, by the liquor representatives who put it
forward and who were astonished at the celerity with
j which congress adopted it. Their idea was to make pro
hibition so obnoxious that states now dry would weary
of it and other stales would be deterred by the horrible
drouth and refrain from incurring it themselves. Some
of the prohibition leaders agree with this view, and
frar.ltly fear a swing back to King Alcohol after a brief
trial of the "bone dry" standard.
But all that may safely be said about that phase of the
luestion is, "We shall see." Nothing in the way of pro
hibition surprises anybody any more.
StateHighGrade
Tli LAST MiLLSTO-NrJ
i;? iui.kf.k:iokk.
!
The sewer bond issue of $ 60,000 for j
the extension and opcrat.'.in of the ,
Flasstaff sewer system passed throuxh ,
itia mfo nf ail ul.wtinll t ll i 4 Ulr '
.winning out by a verdict of better J
than two to one. A portion of the ;
funds will be used for the purpose oi ,
purchasing the old system which has
not been owned by the city.
While Working on the main shaft of
i the Jerome Wenden company property I
I near Salome, at a depth slightly over ;
500 feet this week a notable finding of 1
twenty per cent copper was made. The
extent of this discovery cannot be
told at this time, but the streak will
be followed with a cross cut at the
point of contact until the value of it
lean be better determined. The Jerome
Wenden was formerly known as the
Nuevo Mundo. I
Restoring Colombia's Good Will.
Our unsettled Colombian difficulties now come forward
as an added menace in the event of war between the
United States and Germany. It is feared that Colombia
would prove a hotbed of plots and that the Fanama canal
would be in serious danger if our strained relations with
the southern republic were allowed to remain as they
are now.
The original treaty which the president would like to
have the senate ratify provided for tho payment of $25,
000,000, and the expression of regret for the interruption
of cordial relations between our country aud Colombia.
The opponents of the treaty maintained that it would be
undignified, aud a dangerous precedent for the UniUd
States to apologize and pay an indemnity for the Panama
revolution that euablcd us to get the Canal Zone.
Howe.er that may be, it certainly is undignified and a
had precedent for us to do nothing at all about it.
Colombia is indignant and feel.s that she lias been wrong
ed. Simply ignoring her claims and letting the matter
drift only makes things worse.
Quite aside trom dangers that would arise from that
kection in a war crisis, quite aside from consideration of
American commerce and industry that are Ix-ini; injured
by the attitude of Colombia, it is up to us to settle tin:
matter and to do file fair and square tJiing toward Colum
bia Because the United States is hiK and powerful is all
the more reason for being generous as well as fair to
the small sister republic.
County seat removal and county division appear to be
the principal subject of discussion in Tombstone and
oilier point.; in tLal pari of the county, if the I'lospcctor
can ! cited as a ritciioii. in spite of all the opposition,
locvr, it seems certain that t'oc'iisc county will hac a
Both the Pal State and the Hughes j
Arizona properties located within the 1
best section of the Chloride district i
are now under the management of
John B. Hughes and development!
work is being rushed on the Hay State j
to put it into the snipping class. The j
work of unwatering this property is I
rapidly being completed and with that
done, a cross cut will he run on the
Towne vein. Machinery and equip-'
ment have been ordered for the Cop-:
per Hill ciai.u of the Hughes Arizona
property, aud efforts are being pressed
lo ma::e this also a shipping claim be
fore very long.
The Pill on the Pole.
Henry Ford's present enthusiasm for preparedness is
admirable, but certain of his plans are a bit difficult to
grasp. There's his submarine flivver idea, for instance.
He proposes to manufacture tiny submarines at the
rate of 1.000 a day. Each boat would be just large en
ough to carry cne man and one torpedo. Mr. Ford him
self, it appears, has been inventing such a craft. The de
tails, he admits, are still hazy. But there is to be a sort
of submersible "fordcar" with the marine chauffer inside,
and in front of the car there is to be what the inventor
calls "a pill on a pole." The pill is a torpedo, or rather
a bomb. It is to be carried literally on the end of a pole
held, as it were, in the flivver's teeth. Such a craft in
action would presumably look something like a sword
fish v.'it'; a mil'.' tan impaled on its nose.
When the chauffeur sees an enemy ship, he is to run
his craft up alongside, without showing himself, place
Lhe torpedo against the hull, and then back off silently,
leaving the piil to explode and blow up the enemy at its
leisure. He would fill our harbors with these little de
fenders. It sounds fine. We'd linke to see a demonstration be
fore pronouncing judgment. If it works, however, there
will remain only one thing more for Mr. Fcrd to do
build a flock of sky-flivvers to protect us from Zeppelins.
The negotiations that have been I
pending between Ed Block of Pres-;
j cott and a syndicate of New York 1
i capitalist j have been closed according
I to Mr. Block and the group of claims
owned by him, and known as the
Mountain Star group, located in the .
Hassayampa district will be turned
over to a representative of the new
company as soon as he arrives. This
property in the early days was an ac
tive ni'ne producing regularly f,'oM i
values of $7 per ton and better with
enoupli saver as a by product.
liy IiUlNKr.K:i(rT. j
The bridge "o-er the C.ii.i river at
Pima hi's hc;tr completed and will be
I shortly turned over to the rovnty.
however, there is j-tnl an approach to
be constructed on the north end, this
not having been in contract., The last
two spans which were the contracted
by the El Paso Bridge and Iron com-'
pany cost $10,000. The north end ap
proach will be completed in a few days
when tra flic will be allowed over the
bridge. The new spans are expected
to relieve the- bridge of any danger
from bish water.
BAY AT PHOENIX
?
By L. C. ROGERS.
There are friends we 'off ha;e trusted ,
When we thought the world was'
true:
When the g:iu'-e oi our experience
Of the human mind was new. :
And t'joueh some still .claim cur;
friendship.
Vjne have such ;ov. er of will
To make sure of our affections
As the smile of Charlie Bill.
Congressional Expllcitness.
A citizen who tilled out and mailed to his congressman
a postcard supplied by one of the numerous peace so
cieties, expressing the citizen's opinion on the subject of
a "war referendum", received this reply:
"Replying to your postal rard of recent date, be assur
ed that I shH unreservedly and unequivocally conserve
the interests of the United States which I have the honor
to represent in the congress of the United States. When
the time arrives for the rendering of an account of my
stewardship. I am sure it will meet with the approbation
of my constituent y."
Which is interesting, in a way, but neither convincing
nor illuminating. The constituent, as it happens, would
really like to know whether his congressman is for or
against the submission of the war question to the people
in a national referendum, and whether he is for or against
the maintenance of American sea rights at all hazards
So, doubtless, are many other constituents to whose an
iioyjng but defensible letters and postcards the congress
man has presumably sent an identical reply.
It seems to be the way of congressmen. And yet. why
can't a member of congress give a straight, honest an
swer to a straigh. honest communication, as a businefK
man would do? Why do men in public life do sd much
dodging?
PHOENIX. March 3 The house
took favorable action on the bill au
thorizing the appointment of county
highway commissions to have charge
of the expenditure of money for road
improvements and to designate the
improvements. The senate passed the
house bill ordering a levy of ten cents
on each $100 valuation for the state
road fund. That wiil raise about
$500,000 a year.
In the house committee or the whole
the bill abolishing the board of con
trol came up and there was substituted
for it a senate bill creating a com
mission l'o have charge of all institu-;
tions in the state. A question as to ,
the constitutionality of it was raised
and it was laid over for a legal opinion. :
House bill number 2 . providing
that there shall be a state school
fund of $35 per capital, based on tho ,
average daily attendance of the
schools was ia'orably reported by the
senate committee of the whole by a
vote of ten to nine.
When the cares of life oppress us.
And the turmoil of the soul.
Like the surge 'of angry billows.
In fierce conflict, o'er us roll;
Naught will calm the troubled waters,.
A.
V
it
v
t
f- 9 71
is- bi u r-fi mm m m m m am.
With a conscious "Peace be still."
Like the gleam of sweet contentment
In the smile of Charlie Bill.
There is much in life to charm us.
Friendships true, and pleasures
mild:
But the sweetest form of friendship
Is that of a little child.
And of all the friends I cherish.
None can so completely fill
Ail the cravings of my nature
As the smile of Charlie Bill.
EXILED MEXICAN
ONCE GREATEST
i OF STOCK KINS
Charlie Bill: my little cherub.
There's a charm within thy smile.
Which, from all life's cares and tt'ouf
bles
Instantly my thoughts beguile.
i And no other form of pleasure
Can my heart with rapture till,
' With such totid ami sweet content
ment. As the smile of Charlie Bill.
Swimnrng Holes Old and New.
"No Hookey in Gary Schools" reads a headline. Why?
Because the old swimming hole is placed right, in the
building. And there are instructors to show the young
studeuts how to pet the most fun out of it.
That's all very interesting. But we cun't help won
dering whether the modern, w ll-appointed and carefully
supervised swimming tank really takes the place ol tli--"ole
swiiiiiiiin' hele" under the willow tree. If it dues,
then "kids"' have changed home. Whoever heard of an
iii.-iniclor in the old days? And wasn't hull tin- fi.u
slipping away on the first good day. meeting the "Kan?"
at various points back cf the bam, down the lane and
along the in ck?
We give our uimliutcd approval to the modern swim
ming tank. It's a line thing, especially in cities where
there ai" no cmiinc ininiin' holes". Bui e doubt
whether the ( ( f i first w.-um days and the hip- of a
pI'iMge in nature's on swimming, taul.s are lessen. d by
6 :
General Luis Icrrazas.
General l.ui.i
Tcrra.as, whof six
1 Mars a-o a:is the nclet ma" in
I il.Aicu aiicl ll-.e stocl; linn of the
! vo:!il. ha, !!'. re,;-,-f..l ulrne l 'o
j l-mtity ly t!, ifMjlut:ei ,n c:!.'
ic is liv :n , n, an ili
I 111 this coururv.
1 JV... x (! -
HAMAD AN, PERSIA,
! FALLS TO RUSS ON
MARCH TO BAGDAD
(By Review L( :ised Wire)
; LONl'ON. Manli :;. liaaiidan. an
important Persion i it mar the Turk
ish border, has been captured by the
Russian.- , says a Tt In ran dispatch re
ceived in Pelio-iad and transmitted
' by Iteuter's. 'i'he message adds that
. the Russians are ptirsuins the Tirki--h
troops w ho are in retreat.
The reported capture ol llalliatlail
by the Russians ma mean that the
Riis:i:ius again will attempt an ad
vance into Mesopotamia ireni Persia
to aid the I'.ritioh in their advance up
the Tigris toward Hag. lad. Ilaniadan.
which is ;iu miles northea.-t ol I'avl
ilad. has ht.cn the center of niiicb In-lit-iug
between n- Russians and Turks'.
Koli'iw ill'-, ihe capture o! Kui-el-An.ar.i.
by the TerM in Ai'iil. 1'i,;.
the Russians l ie ton-, d l reirc.it
l.:un the l' r-iaii herder and
driven back lii'ouh Kcniian. h i!i to
Hawaiian. !mh .- n uat.-d early
in Auuust. Sinn- then then' has
been 'much tivhliti" iii the Ilaniadan
n-rien and Tuikish tti' i.'l aniuMiiice
ne Mis late in l'o eml.ei and early in
linuiiy said tint the Rir-si.iiis bad
been repulsed in al'a.-Ks near llam.i
iilan. Ilaiii.ul.iii has a population ol
I 1.1 ifi.i
Identify yourself with a Strong Bank-v ; ;
ing Institution by starting an account with
us, subject to check., n - "
Ce give courteous, painstaking atten
tion to EVERY depositor small as well
as large. ; ;
Bank with us.
1
STCQGG
With Money
That's the way wealth has been gained ever since the
world started.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is making money for you with the four per cent
nteiest which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT
CHOW I
Citizens Bank & Trust Company
Main Street Blb, Arlzcna
Wl:l E. McKee, President C. A. McDonald. Cathitr.
O. W. Wolf, Aw!Unt Cashier.
!
mm--m im 1 1 r
0
1 ;
-tip. M
m
A FRIENDLY PERSONAL INTEREST
is exercised by the Miners & Merchants
Bank in the welfare of its depositors, and
it I ikes much pride in serving them well."
You will find our service prompt and
efficient. Accounts subject to check are
cordially invited.
m
t
t
s
1
f
i
4;
i.
I
i
i
i nv:
THE BISBEE, DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 4, 1917.
i
The World's Greatest Motor Car Value
Concentration on one
chassis and immense
quantity production have
enabled us to produce
1st A car of wonderful
mechanical efficiency.
2nd A car of remark
ably low price.
3rd A car equipped
with every modern con
venience that you find on
the most expensive cars.
Tourinj C:r SS3S Cabriolet JSCS
Kws.-c- :c:o Town ct ;s:s
ScsJa.t fJSS
All prices f. o. b. Detroit
$350 Cash balance $50.00 per month.
STEWART GRANT,
LOWELL, ARIZONA.
PHONE 249
11 J
I itw mtm ii mm ni m"itiiiMr n i - wsdW!a"
I
100 BISBEE ELKS GO .
m nniini as m hfi p
INITIATEBIG GLASS
Local Lodge Elects Bert War
ren Exalted Ruler; James
Allison Is Chosen Esteemed
Leading Knight
One hundred members of the local
Elk's' lodge motored to Douglas last
night -. and assisted the smelter" city
lodgemen in Initiating a large class
of candidates. A banquet and all
around good tfhie followed the cere
nitmies, and Bisbee Elks, most of
whom returned by automobile late,
last night, report one of the most en
joyable meetings in the history of the
two lodges.
Rs.te. in ihI Lec turing Knight, and
' James A. Kelly, secretary. The or-
fleers will take their oaths the first
i Friday in April, and a big banquet and
'entertainment will probably be ar
ranged for the occasion.
MANIFESTO SHOWS
UP FILIBUSTERS
j (Continued From Page One)
j Michigan, Smoot. Sterling and Towns
j end, Wadsworth and Watson. 25.
1 Among the senators absent were
! Gallinger. Goff. Gore and Smith of
t Arizona.
At a meeting Friday night, the Lis
bee Elks elected the following ofii'
cers: Bert Warren, Exalted ttuler:
James Ellison, Esteemed Leading
Knigbt; Harry Anderson, Esteemed
Royal Knight; E. B. Matthews,
WASHINGTON, Mar. 4. Later Sen
ators Underwood, Johnson of South
! Dakota and -Sbarfroth, Democrats,
i signed the manifesto.
j Senators present who had not sign
ed were:
I Democrats: Kirby, Lane. Martine.
j Reed, Stone, Thompson. Tillman and
j Vardaman.
Republicans: Clapp, Cummins, Du
j Pont, Gronna. Kenyon. Lafollette. Lip
j pitt. Norris, Penrose, Warren. Weeks
and Works.
Big Smash in Prices on Balance of
LEROY'S STOCK
We intend to Sacrifice These Goods Regardless of Cost.
Come early and avoid the rush.. Your last chance to
get such merchandise at such low prices.
"NOTE OUR PRICES"
$5. Douglas Shoes $3.45 50c Men's Belts 25c
JH2 HJ)TA ;A U$1'65 50c & 75c Neckwear 25c
$1.50 and $2.50Dress eft c i oC
e, . Wc ouspenders 25c
ohirts 75c . . cn .,
75c Work Shirts. . . .45c $K5 W,lson Bros
75c Underwear 50c Union Suits $1.00
10c Men's Handkerchiefs 25 Men's Hose, 2 for 25c
6 for . ,25c $3.50 Trousers . . .$1.95
Men's Suits at less than HALF price.
STANDARD BRAND OVERALLS 75c A PAIR.
CARO & CO.
Brewery Gulch. Near City Park
"GREEN STOCKINGS" ;
TO BE PRESENTED !
TOMORROW EVENING!
' i
Many Popular Young Men!
and Women of Bisbee Will,
Take Part in Rollicking
Play Given by the Alumni.
Green Stockings," a three-act farce
comedy, will be presented in the High
school auditorium at eight o'clock to
morrow night by the Bisbee High
School Alumni. The members of the
cast are being drilled by L. Q. Snider,
principal of the high school, who, be
fore coming to this city, had much
experience. The proceeds from the
play will be. turned Into the alumni
loan fund, to be used in assisting
graduates of the local high school
through college 'or normal schools.
The following popular young men
and women will have parts in the
show: Miss Carmelita Michaels, Lu
cile Detloff, Mrs. C. T. Dunlap. Brad
ford Trenham, Blanche Detloff. Eu-
well Hudson, Howard S. Warren,
Oscar Cook. Ed R. Belton, William R.
Wood, Ruth H. Wade and Harry
Crockett. The staff consists of Clar
ence E. Wittig, business manager;
Mrs. C. E. Wittig. assistant business
manager: Mamie Isaacson, state man
ager: Henry reterson. assistant stage
manager: Thomas Finnety and Ed R.
Belton. property men, and Roswell
Champion, head usher. '
Mining and Financial News
BY KEVIFW LEASED WIRE
BOSTON
"THE BRUISER" THE
FEATURE AT EAGLE
Wonderful Work of Fiction
Appears Today Only at
the Eagle Theatre.
The Mutual Masterpicture, with
William Russel, "The Bruiser," to be
shown at the Eagle today, abounds
in beautiful heart interest and strong
dramatic climaxes.
The story of "The Bruiser" is one
of the most startling and original
'orks of fiction ever staged for pre
sentation in motion pictures. The
leading character, William Russell, is
an interesting study of the type of
manhood found in laboring classes of
the large American cities. Because
he is leader among the men of his
class and has the power to keep them
from declaring a strike, which will
cost a prominent king of industry
many thousands ,jf dollars, he is
tricked into being introduced into
society and is encouraged by a beau
tiful woman to believe that she is iu
love with him. The tragedy of the
big wholesouled man of muscle, gradu
ally being hoodwinked by the men and
women of a strata of society which is
a dazzeling mystery R him. is a new
departure in the annals of fiction. He
discovers the ruse in time to win the
fight for his fellow-workmen, who
have been led to believe that he has
deserted their cause, and "finds him
self" in time to win back the love of
the little sweetheart who things that
she has been deserted for the dazzel
ing society belle.
NEW YORK. Mar. 3. Advices from
Washington appearing to dispose of j Adventure
the prospects of an extra session of Ailouez
congress and a report that the state I Alaska
department held that ships carrying ; Arizona Commercial
munitions had a right to arm. were j American zinc ....
received with undisguised satisfaction Butte Superior
Calumet & Arizona
Calumet & Hecla . .
Copper Range
Chino
East Butte
Granby
Greene Cananea . . .
Gold field
Hancock
Indiana
Lake
La Salle
Inspiration
Kennicott
Keweenaw
Miami
Mohawk
Mayflower
Nevada
North Butte
Nipissing
Old Dominion .....
Osceola
Pond Creek
Quincy
Ray Consolidated .
Shannon
Shattuck
Superior Boston . . .
Tamarack
Utah Copper
I'tah Consolidated
Winona
in the financial district today.
The stock market during the brief
session was stronger and more active
than on any previous day of the week.
United States Steel made an ex
treme gain of 2 points at lOS'i and
3s; for Bethlehem Steel old stock at
ISO?.
I'tah, Anaconda and American
Smelting featured the metals at ad
vances of 1 to 2' points; oils, motors
equipments and shippings rose 1, 2
and even 4 points, and American
Woolen, Industrial Alcohol, General
Electric and American Beet Sugar
trailed along more moderately.
Weakness in Barrett Company is
sues was attributed to the announce
ment of a new stock issue, the com
mon shares making a gross decline of
S2 points. The bank statement
again upset calculations with only a
nominal actual cash gain and an ex
pansion of almost $51,000,000 in the
loan account.
Trading in bonds was unusually
light, and irregular with total sales
par value. $1,860,000.
With the exception of registered
3's which gained 'i percent, virtually
all other government bonds and Pan
ama issues were lower by fractions
to a point on call during the week.
CHICAGO GRAINS
CHICAGO, Mar. 3. Estimates that
only Cft.OOo.OOO of wheat remained for
export rrom the United States during
the next four months had a decidedly
bullish effect today on prices. Large
ly in consequence the market at the
close, although unsettled, was 2U to
4',i net higher, with May at 1.8Si to
1.SSth and July at 1.59 to 1.59U-
Corn gained lri to 2"i, oats l'i to
l'i. and provisions 32 to '85 cents.
Bullish sentiment developed rapid
ly in the wheat trade after the proba
ble smallness of the exportable sur
plus had been announced.
Snowfalls in the southwest retard
ed more or less the advance of new
crop deliveries of wheat. Corn estab
lished a new high price record.
Oats responded in lively fashion to
the strength of other grains.
Urgent export demand for lard was
a factor in hoisting the entire provis
ion market to unprecedented levels.
METALS MARKET
NEW YORK. Mar. 3 Bar silver
"fi'S. Copper electrolytic, spot and
nearby nominal, second quarter 33 at
332. July 32 at 32i.;
Oatman Combination
Sunnyside
Telluride
Tom Reed ..."
United Eastern
I'nited Northern
United Western
Red Lion
.10 I PANAMA SAFE FROM "SUBS."
.20 PANAMA. March 3. There is uu
.20 i substantiation here for the rumor that
; 02 ' there is a German submarine base in
4 95 i the Glf of Darien.
.11
1.9S
4.65
.07
.03
.20
FOX COMPANY STARS
EL PASO IN FILMING
"The Love Thief" Is Excellent
Feature Playing Today at
the Royal Theatre.
For snapping the big border raid
scenes in the William Fox photoplay
"The Love Thief." which appears
again today at the Royal theatre, the
entire company was transported tj El
I 'a so. Texas, where the genuine local
color could be found. Director Rich
ard Stanton headed the group.
This is what the El Paso Herald
had to say of the arrival of the movie
players:
One of the biggest feature pictures
the William Fov Feature Film com
pany has ever made will pi'jbably be
prodtKTd in El Paso shortly.
It is the plan to secure troops from
among those now camped at El Paso.
If this can be done the picture will
be made here. The battle scenes are
to be ptagi-d on the bides of Mount
Franklin. Local employment agencies
will l- engaged to secure tin- men for
"the Mexican army." The picture will
sh'jw a battle between Mexican ban
dits and American troop.
In the course of the making of the
picture it will l.e necessary to do.
btroy an entire Mexican tillage and
this may have to be built, but an
cllot t will b(. made to buy. up a num
ber of adobe houses in some part of
tin- city near the Rio Grande for this
work.
Mr. Ellelt linds that the .selling
here uill lie pel led for the big pic
ture and if lie can complete tin- ar
ninueiiK nts. he says the tympany
t luiiild be here by next Thursday to
Infill the work. It will lake them
alioui ,-ix weeks to make the picture
and if everything is successtul it may
mean the permanent location of a
Fox studio -at El Pa.su.
(By L. J. Overlock)
BOSTON. Mar. 3. The further ad
vance in the copper stocks fails to
bring out any large selling orders
placing the market, in a position for a
still further advance. The metal mar
ket is very strong, copper selling at
top prices. Several of the producers
have recently made sales which prac
tically takes care of the entire 1917
output at prices at least 5 cents a
pound above the average price last
year. All the good coppers are on th
bargain counter as regarding local is-
CURBS
Arizona
Arkansas
Big Jim
Big Idge
Butte k London . . .
Calumet & Jerome .
Cornelia
Denn
Dundee
Emma
Fort una
Gadsden
Green Monster
.Grand Island
Gold Reed
Howe Sound
Hecla
Hull Copper
Inspiration Needles
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Magma Chief
Magma Copper
Miami Consolidated
Monster Chief
Pittsburg Jerome . .
Ray Hercules
Santa Rita
Tom Reed
I'nited Eastern ...
United Western . . .
Verde Extension . .
Verde Combination
Wolverine
Vi
124
36",
48 V,
824
550
64 1;
6u
14',
ST
43
55
174
3
14
'4
59 ?i
461,
3'i
40
S4
2-4
25
221,2
8'i
S5U
91 I
19 j
9
2S i
6'i i
57 V ;
is !
4 :
i
30 I
1.33 :
14 .
17- ;
16V.
l'i
13
2'Si
1--S !
60
03
4
l"s
14
Other Curbs
Gadsden
Green Monster
Butte London
Dundee
Venture Hill
Pottsburg Jerome
Jerome Verde
Arkansas Arizona
Jerome Portland
Inspiration Needles ....
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
Wolverine Arizona
Miami Mother Lode
Verde Combination
Miami Consolidated ....
Bisbee Copper
Butte Arizona
Louisiana Arizona
Santa Cruz Bisbee
Jerome Daisy
Warren
Nacozari Consolidated ..
Verde Apex
Calumet Oil
1.62 1 75 ,
trt 1
1.73 1.S7 :
.11 .16 '
.62 1.00 1
1.50 1.56
.30 .35 '
.53 i
.23 ,.37j
.33 .40 J
.50 .62
1.55 I
.sol
.75 .87 i
.36 .37
loo i.25
.04
.73
.27
.75
9.12 ;
.42
.26
.20
Green
Stockings
3-act farcial comedy given by
the Bisbee High School
Alumni
MONDAY, MARCH 5TII
, 8 P. M.
at HIGH SCHOOL
GYMNASIUM.
ADMISSION 50 CENTS.
Reserved seats now on sale at
Ball's Drug Store.
49
4
V
1.95
44
3S
4
14
Oatman
(By Collins & Bi nherton
Bid
Argo
Ada me
Arizona Rex
Arizona Tom Reed ...
Rig Jim 1.31
ISoundary Cone
Carter Gold
.()-,
.10
.06
sues. Buy New River Pf'd. Pond , Fessenden . . .
Creek and Island Creek common. Gold Reed . .
r.XINE, WEBBER &. CO Gold Cliff ...
NEW YORK IvanUoe
Anaconda S3 Lucky Boy . .
American Can 424 Merry Widow
Ameiican Car 638 I -
American Locomotive 71 ;
American Smelters SO-'j
American Sugar 11" j
Atchison 102"i !
Baltimore & Ohio 751 j
Baldwin 524 '
Chesapeake - Ohio 5SV
Colorado Fuel & Iron 46 j
Canadian Pacific 131
Central Leather SS'i
Crucible '
Distillers 23 j
Erie 23 "'ij
Goodrich 53 )
General Motors 112 j
Industrial Alcohol 123 I
Marine 2Sr'i J
Marine Pfd '. 7i ;
.04
.07
.03
.10
Ask.
.
.10
1.32
.06
.09
.10
.13
.04
.12
.10
Maxwell
Midvale
Mexican. Petroleum
New York Central .
Northern Pacific . . .
Pennsylvania
Reading
Republic Steel
Rubber
Studebaker
Sieel Common
Steel Ufd
St. Paul
Southern Pacific ...
Union Pacific
United Fruit
Weslinghoiise
51
33
874
957
1034
544
934
784
544
994
Hs--
1174
so 4
9::
133
1 10
49-;
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
JEROME
AND
Oatman
Stocks
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
COLORADO U. FICE LOSES.
COLORADO SPRINGS, March 3.
Colorado College defeated the I'niver-s-ity
of Colorado in basket hall here
liitiifchl 26 to 21.
Correspondent E. F. Hutton i Co.. Members New York Stock Exchange
R. Allyn Lewis
Box 279 COPPER QUEEN HOTEL Tel. 135
BONDS, STOCKS, GRAIN, COTTON
PHOENIX, GLOBE, JEROME. PRESCOTT, BISBEE
Orders Executed (or Cash or on Proper Margin
E. F. Hutton & Co.'s Private Leased Wire to All Exchanges
The Man from
jay Days:
"I ve been knocking around mining camps in this coun
try longer than I'd acknowledge to the census man. and
it's been my experience that when a competent mining
engineer places his money in a mining proposition, he
comas pretty near to knowing what he is doing. And
before you pass up this
LAST OFFERING OF
ARIZONA RAY COFPER
By W. L. WILSON & CO.
think twice about the significance of the fact that Fred E. Young.
Mining Engineer, who first reported on the property, has personally
BOUGHT AND PAID FOR FOUR THOUSAND DOLLARS WORTH of
ARIZONA RAY stock."
Can you conceive of a Mining Engineer of Mr. Young's ability and e
perience. buying stock in a property he had examined, unless he was
perfectly satisfied in his own mind that it would develop into a prof.t
producer? Put yourself in his place WOULD YOU?
There is certainly no doubting that 'Mr. Young is fully competent to
judge the worth of a mining property. For a number of years in charge
of the smelting interests of the late Augustus Heinie, Engineer in
charge of the Hayes-Monnette lease which turned the eyes of the world
to Goldfield, Mr. Young's ability is unquestioned HE KNOWS. After
an exhaustive examination of the Ray District, he gave the ARIZONA
RAY property his unqualified approval, and he has backed up that ap
proval by investing $4,000.00 of his own money in the stock and acced
ing the position as Mine Manager in charge of development work. If
you believe in backing the judgment of a celebrated Mining Engineei
who backs his own judgment with his own money, the thing for you to
do is buy , ft
ARIZONA RAY COPPER
BEFORE THIS SPECIAL OFFER IS WITHDRAWN
SPECIAL OFFER
We will accept subscriptions either for tash or on Twelve-Payment
Plan in 1000 share lois for A-izona Ray, REGULAR STOCK (NOT
POOL RIGHTS) at 12c per share providing the holder will sign an
agreement not to dispose of or transfer his stock for sixty days
from date. Thus, stock purchased under this offer, which holds
good only until our present allotment is exhausted, will bt released
on April 23rd. This should not be confused in anyway with Pool
Rights, the stock held under which, is pooled for an indefinite
period.
NOT pool right, but FREE STOCK, listed on the various exchanges
and traded in on the Curbs.
DEVELOPMENT WORK CONTINUES
A large force of men is working sixteen hours daily, driving the dri!s
to prove up the property, and Mr. Young is living up to his reputation
as a forceful, practical mining engineer. During the past week work
has progressed rapidly, the greatest depth being attained on Copper
Zone No. 4. where the drill is down more than 500 feet Mr. Younj
confidently expects to strike the Calumet vein on Copper Zone No. 7.
where the work has been slightly delayed because of necessary repair
work
OUR LAST OFFERING OF
ARIZONA RAY COPPER
with the special proposition that we are making, is bringing orders
in large volume, many of them from stockholders of record, who boug'-it
m a mgner price ana are Taking advantage of this opportunity to ave
age their holdings. Frankly. YOU ft TIME IS LIMITED, and w
strongly advise that you send us your orders NOW, either for imrri
Hl3l r4.liu.ru t r. A mrw. ... . , U . ... A g , C ..... . ... ...
we
e-
svrongiy auv.se mat you sena us your oraers nuw, either for imme
diate delivery at the market, with a minimum of 15 cents, or under our
SPECIAL OFFFRINfi
TWELVE-PAYMENT PLAN
(' jC advance for carrying account)
1.000 Shares for $125: $15 down, $10 per month
2.000 Shares for $250: $30 down." $20 per month
3.000 Shares for $375: $45 down. $30 per month
5.000 Shares for $625j $75 down. $50 per month
10.000 Shares for $1250: $150 down. $100 per month
Thii offer is subject to withdrawal without notice
W. L Wilson & Company
BROKERS
115 North First Avenue: Phoenix, Arizona.
Phone 766.
Bisbee Office - - - Maze Buildincr
Coupon
Piease mail me, without
charge, m.ips. engineer's re
port, prospectus and fuH par
ticulars on Arizona Ray
Copper; also free Arizona
Miner.
Name .
Address
COUPON
Plea;-e i nter It! y order fur
vluins id Ari.ina Kay. I li.nid ..u
In rewith $ as full p.tv-
tiieiit i part pay mi-lit I.
I avee ! pay t!ie hnl.uMe .J
r;it-- if $ per nielith.
iii will mail certi.h a?e to
I'.ank at
when I will n.ake the payutciils.
Nume
Address
I If yu want us to Weep the stm k fur
veil in our safe, cross out the iKe.
P.. IS. ; SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 4, 1917.
Father Time Says:
"Beware of my scythe that cut deep into the vote schedule last week.
At the hour of 9 o'clock Thursday, the Eighth day of March, my
steel will be sharpened to its keenest edge.'
If there is any doubt in your mind as to a heavy reduction on next Thursday night in the big special
vote schedule, that doubt is to your detriment. If you, Mr. Reader, still cling to the theory of greater votes
later on; if you withhold your subscription for a bigger vote value, you are battling against the all powerful
rule of the Review's contest, that of the declining vote schedule. And, therefore, in this hour of strong compe
tition, it behooves you to enhance the opportunity of your favorite candidate by subscribing to The Review, or
renewing your subscription to it before Father Time reveals to you the error of reserving your order.
Miss Caddie Clifford. . . . 214,760
Miss Emmabelle Rolfe. 213,450
Miss Frances Juliff.
Miss Lola Andreas.
212,330
211.820
Mrs." Grace
Milner 210.640
Miss Willa Rob
inson. 209,910
Miss Myrtle
Arbon 208,570
Miss Mildred
Robinson
....207,010
1 The hands that will guide the stear-
ing wheels of the Chandler, the
i j ' Studebaker, the Chevrolet, will ' 1
J most likely be the hands that write I
I I the greatest number of subscript I
1 tion orders from now until Thurs- . 11
day evening, March 8th., 9 P. M.
Mrs. Doris
O'Neal. 206,390
Mrs. Frank
Mosler 205,290
Mrs. Ruth Sar
gent ..204,520
Miss Dot Fin
layson 203.460
Miss Katy Johns.. 202.330
Mrs. Glover Quails 180.020
Miss Gladys Doescher, . . 166,730
Miss Rose Walker 144.150
Miss Coral Gundry 54.660
CONTEST EDITOR SAYS: " '
"At the inauguration of The Review's Greater Automobile and Prize Contest, the rule of decreasing
the vote schedule from time to time established, and n no intervening circumstance can alter this rule. No can
didate can afford to take in exchange the advice of anyone outside of The Review in regard to matter pertain
ing to the established ordinances provided for in this campaign. Therefore if 20.000 votes for two years ;
7,500 votes for one year, 3,000 votes for six months and 1,250 for three months look good to you, come and
take them, for such big values will never come your way again during the remaining days of this contest. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 4, 1917.
SEVEN
7
r
.4
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under thu iead at the rate cf 1 cent per word for each
6ue with a minimum charg of 25 cents. Advertise-ients must reach The
evtew offtc not liter ttan i p. m. for Insertion In the nect morning paper
Wanted
WANTED A dish washer, Stag Club.
323
WANTED Bell boy Copper Queen
Hotel. 312
Wou'd buy malachite and azurite. Box
20S' Bisbee. 649
WANTED Second hand sofa. Care
Review 275. 375
WANTED Maid for general house
work, 21 Quality Hill. 3S2
WANTED-Rooni and board in private
family. 1S1A School Hill. 374
WANTED To rent 3 room furnished
house, no children. E. C, care Re
view. 318
WANTED Ladies and gentlemens
- laundrv. Write G. L.. Box 219 Bis
bee. 372
WANTED Two girls at International
Coffee. Call 8:30 a. ni. 'to 5:30 p.
m.. Brewery Gulch. 326
WANTED Portland-Jerome stock,
state terms you can sell' at. "In
vestor," care Review. 321
WANTED Roomer and boarder in
private family. 71A Brewery" Gulch
in back of the Ozark House. 370
WANTED Four or five room house
close in. with bath, unfurnished.
Address L. D. C. care Review. 292
WANTED Three lady solicitors, two
to ten dollars a day. Inquire Guar
antee Taint Co.. after five evenings.
229
WANTED Second band Ford car in
eood condition, will pay cash. Ad
dress E. D. Williams, Glceson, Ari
zona. 229
WANTED At Brown's boarding
house. South Bisbee, married wom
an to work for own and husband's
board. 379
WANTED Listed stock to 15u0 for
Los Angeles real estate. Quick
action and liberal deal. A. Z., Re
view. 355
WANTED HouFe and lot Warren
District to 1500. Will exchange
1S00 value in Los Angeles well lo- i
cated property. Submit. X. Y., Re-
view. 356 ,
WANTED Small house or apartment i
furnished or unfurnished, would ,
consider buj ing furniture. Give
full particulars to M. A., Review of
fice. 3GC
Po&irion Wanted
WANTED Position by first class
. chef in hotel large mining camp or
hotel A No. 1 on meat block B. B.
C, care Review. C2S
Furnished Roons
FOR RENT 4 rooms back of Eaker
ville Hotel, Bakerrille. 32
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms. 49 O. K. Street. '322
FOR RENT Batching cabin for rent.
Mrs. Lenoy, 104 Youngblood Hill.
380
FOR RENT One furnished house
keeping room, S5 Main Street, Cot
tare home. 233
- - 1
FOR r.ENT 2 rooms light housekeep
ing or ba'ching. 176 Naco Road
Holbrook slop. 32
FOR RENT Nicely furnished room
for 2 genllenien above Independent
Fuel Co., Main St.
FOH RENT Furnished front room
back of Palace Garage. Mrs. A. E.
Cromer, phone 365. 200
FOR RENT Furnished rooas for
liht housekeeping, Terrace Room
ing house. 317
FOR RENT Furnished rooms for
housekeeping, last house on Rob
erts Ave.. Tombstone Canyon. :;63
FOR RENT 2 large, nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms, with large
porch. Rnt reasonable to right
party. 153B Temby Ave. 377
PETEY DINK Petey Shows
iW. U V. iWvvW v
VV VV '
WANTED To hear from owner of
good farm for sale, state cash price
and description. D. F. Bush, Min
neapolis, Minn. 234
LOST j
LOST On street car February 5. a
I ten dollar bill. Return to Review
and receive reward. 313
PROFESSIONAL CARDS ,
Dressmaking and ladies tailoring, 37
Laundry Hill, Metz car stop. Mrs.
McDougall. 172
Plain and fancy sewing, ladles tailor
in? a specialty Miss Althaus and
I Mrs. Keirsey, one block east from
car barn. .Warren. 291
: l. B WHITNEY. Lawyer. Rooms E-6
Alien Block. Open evenings. Phone
547. (109)
i Mrs. Ruby Johnson, piano and organ
instructor. Terms, 60 cents a les
son. 35 Montana Street, Johnson
Addition. 231
l HE MOOSE HOTfeL (Old Kinney
House) Furnishea&ooms $2 per
week and up. with gas; also light
housekeeping roosd. 178
FIRST-CLASS painting or. paper hang
ing by day work or contract. H.
Johnson & Co., phone Blue 764.
Postoffice box 1715. 107
P. J. McCullougir, contractor. Phone
20. Box 934. Excavating, retain
ing walls, concrete houses, wells
and mining work is my specialty.
221
Toothache can be prevented by fol
lowing si iple instructions. Call at
my office for free booklet. J. F.
Teufert, D. D. S., Maze Building,
r9S '6 mooy
For Sale
FOR SALE Oliver
Judge High.
typewriter by
279
FOR SALE One 250 egg Cyphers In
cubator at E. H. Rolfs, 447 Wood
Canyon. 311
FOR SALE Furniture of 18 room
rooming house, rooms all full, lefcse.
cash. S. M., Review. 278
FOR SALE Five lots and three hous
es well, cellar and 2 chicken hous
es. 105 Moon Canyon. 2S8
FOR SALE: Lockie House, School
Hill. Terms. Apply R. T Lockie,
1011 East Boulevard, El Past), Tex.
(434)
FOR SALE Four room furnished
house, chickens and three lots, 245
School Hill. Wants to sell f ton.
FOR SALE New Washburn piano, i
bench and scarf, $250; $10 cash, $6
per month. No interest. W. Muir,
Next Wells Fargo. 358 j
FOR SALE Restaurant and chile '
lunch room and refreshment stand :
for sale cheap. Address Box 1462,
Bisbee. SC4
FOR SALE Hay, 15 tous Soudan '
Sorghum and Milo Maize hay at
Drisco'l's Ranch on road 3 miles
east of Hereford. 708 J
FOR RALE Lots on Winwood Add. i
An IdeaJ location for families J
Terms $10.00 down and $10.00 a !
month. Mrs. Winwood, Winwood
Add. 1S4 :
FOR SALE -Lots in Bakerville, block
I one, surplus mining clai Mr. J.
I H. Ouante will be at the premises
until Monday, opposite Cochise
Lumber Co. Would like to sell be
fore leaving. 259
FOR SALK-Good lease on gold sil
ver property now shipping ore. Full
particulars to parties who have
some cash money to take it over.
C. E. l.ewjs. Box 141 Prescott, Ariz.
2S5
OR 3ALE Highest cash prices pai
for econd baud farnitare. stovt
;Iothlng and tools Cnule Jim'
Hrewerr Culcb ".1
"OR SALE Indestructo trunk, good
as new. cost $32. suitable for lady
or gi ntlfinan. Will sell cheap. Call
3 or 7 p. in., A. Greven. Room 2,
Bailey Hotel, Brewery Gulch. 365
Rare Presence of Mind.
ftt rrilr:-k--- -.'cu HtEP vou?c -
' ' " ' 1 . . . t L . 1 . . , fc i
Miscellaneous
Try the new dining room at the Oz
ark House. Rooms at the same
place, 71 Brevtry Gulch, John Joce
Proprietor. 195
Learn actual auto repairing, book
keeping, short ban 1, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A.. Los Angeles. Cat
alogs free. 955
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paint & Wall Paper Ci. for all
kinds of work in our line. Pat Clea-
ry, manager Bos 1495. Phone 720
TAKE MY ADVICE Answer this
ad. It opens to successful business
or professional career. Stamp for
particulars. Charles Cook, Success
Counselor, 417 Van Nuys Bldg., Los
Angeles, Calif. 362
Cox Credit Co.. Muheim Bldg , in tail
oring Co. Loans on furniture, pi
anos, etc., no honest wage earners,
men or women permanently em
ployed, refused $5 to $50 without
security. Easiest weekly or month
ly payments; cheapest rates, con
fidential; quick service. See us if
you need money. Phone 794. 376
AUTO REPAIRING Do your motors
work properly? We rewind all
types of armatures, do coil work
and general electrical repairing. Ex
press us your shorted or grounded
armatures. Prompt service, full
guarantee. Price list on applica
tion. Dynamo-Electric Works. 2210
S. Main St., Los Angeles. Cal. 359
BEAUTIFUL SEASHORE HOMES
ONLY $20
Snecial sale lots at Alao Beach,
Texas, famous Bayshore resort.
First 100 lots $20. Terms $1 cash,
$1 monthly. Lots 50x140 fert. Srlen
did Investment. Write for free lit
' eratnre and views. Alamo Beach
Company, 41 First National Bark.
Houston, Texas. 3C0
t'RVTTTTlF KOR S.41.F Tfe loV.
on Addition Furniture Co wants
o pav rou the bluest cash prices
for your second hand furniture A1
o wants to fade or exchanze you
new furniture for your oTd We w;ll
ell yon furnitur5 cheaper than
nnybof'y on esjv tm-ments Cn'l j
In at biT hrfeb hn'I'Mni? m the ,
f:hnsop Adi'l'on snd lt 'is show !
"ou cur taree and selected slock of i
house furnlsr.ip.gs. or phone us j
mr sti'p ' P'ion T.-ihfiKO" Ad j
ADVERTISERS Fine chance to use j
Newspaper Advertising to advan- i
tage. "National Classified Week," !
Suuday. March 18th. to Sunday, '
March 25th. Run "Aleuts." Sales
men," "Help Wanted." "Real ' Es-
tate," ''Business Onrortin?ty." or
other ads in this and other leading
Newspapers. Best results row. Bui
letin 135 tells all fbout ClPSified." !
" Write either office for a cooy free.
Arkenberg. Special Agency, 710
World Eldg., New York; or 10
Madison Ave., Toledo. Ohio! Refer-'
ences: Any newspaper anywh'Te. '
Salesmen
i
SALESMAN Capable specialty man ;
for Arizona. Staple line on new '
and exceptional terms. Vacancy
now. Attractive commission con- '
tract $35 weekly for . expenses. !
Miles F. Bixler Co., 79 Carlin Bldg..
Cleveland, Ohio. 3S1
A car ?very hour. Bisbee to Doug
las Good cars and careful drlvets
Aniricrn Stage Line Phone 3C6
IF YOU DO SABE
ASK ART
ANYWAY
Kalisrei li
24 Hours
tach Ctv
Bemn ofcauntrrftiu
fiMti BLADDER
At vets., if-
FOR SALE
7-room modern hout e, large level yaTd.
School Hill. $ir. 0. bill, easy tonus.
7-room house. School Hill. $K50.
terms.
5-room modern house, in good condi
tion, garage. Quality Hill; $1H'0
cash. bal. terms.
9-room modern house. Quarry Canyon
$1,000 cash. bal. easy terms.
5-room new, modern house, Tombston-;
Canyon, on car line; S1.5U0 cas'i,
bal. easy terms.
4-room modern house, completely fur
uished. hot and cold water; in good
condition; $550.00 cash, bal. eay
terms.
3 lots. Wood Canyon. Price $2:15.00
4- room adobe house, good cellar, fruit
trees, 3 lots, well of water; price
$1,650, terms.
5- room house. Mason Addition; no hill
to climb, shade trees. Price, $1,750
$5u0 cash,
room house. Opera Drive. Price
$1.050 $500 00 cash,
t-room new Jiouse. yard fenced, Co
chise. Price $1,150 $500 cash,
t-rotm new house. Warren. Price
$1,350 $400 cash.
4-room house, Cochise. Price $1,200
$400.00 cash.
9-room house. Opera Drive $1,650
Jialf cash, bal. like rent.
building lots, Clawson Hill
$750.00.
3 building lots. Opera Drive, close iti.
Price $500.00.
M. C. HICH,
Real Estate and Fire Insurance.
Cor. Allen Block.
Success does not coe by chance
We owe our years of prosperity and
owth to a service rendered to the
"ost of your dollars and to the as
surance that we will rmnin in busi
" We are th oldest leaders and
mticians in the state, also official
"rtc'i Tnsnctors V. V. & S. W . Were
-FtoWishe'l if 1900 end respectfulb
m'irp the prfonaee of. newcomers
nd the continued support of our old
c"stinrs to wno'ii wo are thankful
-s tuev ave "sde possible the biigei
t'-in-s w'-ich we are now doins; Opp
P. O Bisbee and 927 G. Ave., Doug
!.-s. Ariz.
L. L GILMAN
Wholesale & R-tiil.
Advertisement
Dr Plafnf Ostopath 9S Mn no
Mi'! Mason Hill car stop
V
-'r-Kj
. :
'Vi
. V. ';
'v.
: , . . v.:"" ". .. !
r
; : : '.-? .' .Wi
i 'S, '
I: : :. . .,, .
v.- . ,
-' j - Mm
: V...- r i::,.f.-
-a. itfj .if.ii i'y. i
"We!!, they can't har. s. any
wr.y," w?s the con:.oli:T n ,l-ct'v: !
.1; mes i.!urtiy, tile h')lyni! of !.'.
l:i:i Manrny, who foumi Ci-.0Oi; jr.
jewels lost l.y Baio:iCo-: i. 'i.c
ner-!!ol!wp in f'l iia'.n. The .Mii i.iy.
5crUt?d r.ot to reUtrii 'h '-w
i.iis'.sne.i to Cif.-inruti, v.l.i. '.he
were caught.
Chamberlain's Cough Remedy a Favo
rite for Colds. .
J. I Fasley, Macon, 111., in speaking
of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy, says,
"During the past tiiteen years it has
been my sister's favorite medicine for
colds on the lungs. I myseif have
taken it a numbet of times when sufl
(ring with a cold and it always reliev
ed me piVimptly." Advertisement.
AT
,0, 7
mmvm of
BIG IN MEXICO
(Continued From Page One) ,
of the one-dollar pieces, however, has;
been discontinued since 1N90, and thel
only denominations now minted are
the double eagle, eagle, half eai;le and
ouarter eagle.
It is a practical impossibility to coin
pieces weighing absolutely the amoun-
... k., I..... A Iiiqc( ft wi.iil.l
" ; : k " r'c. f. philbrook. t. i. m.
mints exercise the great care necessa -
ry. The law allows a certain complete
leeway, knowu as limit of tolerance.
so that newly coined double eagles and
l eagies may oe miner Manuaru oi iimi
legal weight by as much as one-half
'grain (almost two cents), while n:ai
i mum deficiency on new half eagle"
' and quarter eagles is one-tjuarter of a
j grain (almost one tent). The table be
llaw gives in grains the standard of full
legal weight of the four denominations
currently coined, tolerance allowed'
when new, and minimum legal weight
of new coins:
Standard Tolerance Minimum
or legal allowed on legal weight
weight each coin of new coins
Double eagle 516.0 0.50 515.50
Eagle 25S.0 0.50 257.50
Half eagle 129.0 0.25 128.75
Quarter eagle 64.5 0.25 64.73
When coins are placed in circulation
they lose weight from wear and tear,
but as Ring as the deficiency does not
exceed limit fixed by law, they will be
accepted by the government in pay
ment of taxes, etc., at face value or
lull legal weight; otherwise they will
be received only at actual weight. The
maximum deficiency on account of
abrasion the law thus recognized is
one-fourth per cent of full legal weight
of the coin for every year of it3 life
up to 20 years. A coin which has been
.n circulation five years can be slAirt
of standard weight by one-eighth per
cent., while one out 10 years can be
.hort by one-fourth per cent. When
a coin is 20 years old, the deficiency al
lowed is one-half per cent., the mal -
mum permitted, no matter how old thel
coin mv h.. :.n,i it fri,-
. ti liiti iwn in
weight must be borne by the holder.
By actual experiment;!; ion the govern
ment has discovered that average loss
f.-oin abrasion amounts to ci.ly 160
per cent, of legal weight per annum.
BUTTE & SUPERIOR.
The :iMfliUITW..iii..nt iltf.f M, !....
. lmHrin- Cn hu,. i :
. supeno. t-o. lias begun work again
at the Eutte-New York pi'opertv has
lea to the behef thai i.te big zinc. pro-
ducer has no intention of reducing it-
oi-tpuL The suit brousht bv- tli Elm
Orlu Miring Co. seeks to ke"awav
tr.iMi T'Mttn a'- vj, . , , . . "
iro.n i.utte t superior -tights to about
,.r.e fifth of the nreif ,v.ii,n,
x--- " ..'.nut. ut c
t-cd:e3 where it ij
miniu.?. If the con -
if;inon -ji ine tiark iorces shniil.i ho
t p'iei.I., it would necessitate the cutt
ing down of production of ore from Go.
;i'0 tons per mouth to 40,000 tons in
the district now operated.
T lie development work done two
years ago at the Dutte-New Yjrk by
t ie Butte & Superior showed that
there was pleuty of hiyh grade zinc j
ores available there.
onKidrrab
:'riftin ,) ...
UWIIf L ILHL TITlir tn flic
o!onel Sellers vein on the 1200-foot
level. This drifting has now been start -
ed again. The Butte & Superior rlans
to push this work rapidly and develop
the zinc ore bodies there without de"-
lay.
Tho Pjnte X- ....
' 1 i" 4 cuuiroib
the Butte- New York ami has a con-.
tract with it that will enable the for-
.-ior to practically utilize the entire
ere output of the Bu'te-New York
ibis will more than make ur for anv
possible reduction in output that
vouH be caused i! the Clark- interests ,
.."j.i iheir ccnitntion. !
O.ie oi the araw tack to the d vcl
P':!eni of the Butte New York has
ej:i the limited hoisting rapacity of
vhe Butte superior. It has had to rie
pei.d on the single Black Rock shaft
.or all its ore hoisting as well as low
ering of materials, ami the wonder
:tas been in butte that the shaft has
toud the strain put up'.in iL
Tan new nufuber 2 shaft of the
Butte A: Superior is now completed
.0 me 600-loot level and will be in
.-01 .mission by April 1. The new bii;
.-;..att 'known as No. 3 will be ready by
.June 1. About 0 feet remains to be
done to complete it down tj the
l00-root level and it will be completed
lo the 2000-foot level.
These new shafts will enable the
company to iucreaso tho output and
.ilsj handle the development work cu
"iTvAT i Alt. N'C'J k'CRD
Ti - f ?t',M7 TlMU
11
DM - OOMC-
TfctNG 7i4H NMTtB.
VftTVlTHE MoTcu.
" Nwc'tt Have To
TUVKJ k'CUK'O AMD
..Lodge
WEEK ENDING MARCH 10
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday 1st Degree.
Thursday
Friday 3rd Degree.
Saturday
N.
B.
A.
C. BLEDSOE, W. M.
T. WATKINS. Secy. F. & A. W
M. COLWELL, E. H. P.
1 F DAVENPORT. Secretary Chapter
1 anj Comnwderv
; w. R. BANKS. Secretary Council.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of eacii month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
CHAKLES S. BEAR. Exalted Ruler.
lt B. COOVER. Secretary-
BISBEE LODGE, No. 10, I. O. O. F.
Meets e v e r
evening at Odd
teiiuMg Halt,
Main street at 7:00 p. m. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend,
nail phone 119.
CARL V. NELSON, N. G.
G. A. PLUNKETT, Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 210.
Meets in I. O.
O. F. Hall sec-1
ond and .fourth
SATURDAY
at 7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend. ' CEO. SLEEMAN, W. M
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary.
I B. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
' the Col. Sellars vein and permit it to
forward without interruption.
The Pneumonia Season,
The cold, damp weather cf March
seems to be the most favorable for the
I . ... .
1 Pne,,nionla Fernl- Now 13 tlle tinle ,0
, ""'7, 1 I
1 ff om- 3 C,1- Th QU,cker a C1J w Rot' :
! ten nl f the 'SS t!'e danCer- As SO" i
j as the first Indication 'of a cold appears i
take Chamberlain's Cough Remedy.As
' . , .... . I
t0 lhl? value of th,s preparation. as ;
1 " " "
-Advertise-!
Ciir.' your wutrhes and jewelry o
inspectors E. P. & S. W. Railroad.
Advertisement 2S4
' OFFICE CF CALUMET & ARIZONA
MINING COMPANY
.
I ion arp cerebv riOtifien that th
t " i
i ncal r Stockholders of,
1 Ca,u'-t Arizona Mining Co ,pa-
1 wiU bt heId at the oflrice of the
i Company- Varren- Arizona. Monday.'
' Apri' 9- l91'. at 10 o'clock a. m. for !
purpose of electing eleven directors 1
! for the ensuinir year and for such oth-
'
"r business as may come before said
' meeting.
n'' stockholders ,f record at the '
close Cf business March 15th. 1517,
will be entitled to vote.
By Order of tl:e Board of Directors.
CORDON R. CAMPBELL.
Secretary.
Prted at Cain et. Michigan,
13, 1917. Advertisement
February
145
amain
2,1 o o
The Home Industry Furniture
Store, Home Industry Lodgiug
House ard Barber Shop, will all be
sold for Cash at a sacrifice. Great
money maker. Owing to Owners
ill health, obliged to leave the
Camp. Would accent a ccod auto
mohle if reasonable. Inquire
I CMt INDUSTRY FURNITURE
STORE. LOWELL.
Opposite Bank of Lowed.
I
Notices...
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Odd K
tows Hall Vii'y
Ing member cordially invited.
IPHIL. DAVIS, President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTL Treasurer
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
KATHERINE SALHOLM, Secretary.
BISSEE LODGE. NO. 718.
Meets very Friday night. Moose Hall
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
J. V. PETTEY, Dictator.
"KAY ROSS. Secretary
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175. F. O. E meets
first and third MONDAYS. 8. p. m..
Eagles Hall. Visitors cordially wel
come.
RICHARD DAVIS. President
M. D. COHEN, Aerie Physician
i JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medigovicl
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month
Visiting brothers wel
come.
M. C. BENTON. Councillor.
J. L. BENTON, Recording Secretary.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 1341m
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows Hail.
R. L. MOTZ. Consul.
H. F. MATHEWSO.V.
Clerk
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple, No. 3.meets every 2nd
ana 4th Thursday evening1 of each
nicnth at Odd Fellows Halt. Visiting
si.-ters are cordially invited.
I ANNA HART. M. E. C.
tcavft a"vi-i.-vrv m f r,
! JEAN ET SWEENEY. M. of P I.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet 1st and 3rd Wed
nesday v 7:i0. BroDhy
Kali.
J. L. WINTERS, r c
O. B. THOMAS. Ci. r
AH Woodmen invited.
IMPROVED ORDER ED VN.
Meets firsi in: t!'d
Thursdays il 7.:.') p pi.
In Medigovich Hall. A.'l
Tisiting Red Men invit-d
to attend.
JOHN KELLY. Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Medicine Man.
F. C. FENDERSON. C. of R.
OF EASTERN STAR
ORDER OF E ASTEBNSTAR.
Pearl Chapter. No. 6. meets
ffj in Masonic Hall second and
Sl?kJ fourth Tuesday of et.eb
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. ANNA L. Rlt HAUUh. ..
Phone 230. P. O. Box 841. Bisbee.
MRS JESSE BEVAN. Sec'y. P O. B"X
! 2299. Chairman Relief Com. Phone S47
KNIGHTS & LADIES OF SECURITY.
BISBEE COUNCIL, NO. 2115.
Meets every Thursday at Union
Hall. 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited. C. A. Clem, Pres..
Box 1P23 Bisbee.
Frederick J. Attaway, Sec. Lowell.
E. Linquist, financier, box 33246, Low
ell; KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge No. 10.
Knights of Pythias
meets . each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brother
cordially invited.
EARL SOBLEY. C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM. K. of B, S.
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets in Medigovich Hall 2nd and
4th Fridays of each month
HATTIE A. LUKii, Guardian.
PAUUNE F. BROWN. Clerk
P. O. Box 621.
My C A. VOIGHT
A. - . EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 4, 1917-
IS 1 H
Continuous I to 10:30
The American Film Company Presents
RICHARD BENNETT IN
"The Valley of Decision"
One of the most pretentious dramatic offerings in which
this powerful emotional actor has ever appeared. In
"The Valby of Decision" Richard Bennett is ably
supported by a large company of well known artists
carefully cast for the many interesting roles de
- mar.ded by this unusual offering. - - - - -
t PATHE WEEKLY, NO. 10. i
Showing Current Events of ths Week.
ADMISSION
Tickets Issued on Coupons Accepted for Any
Performance.
f7 i
uW.m
V
The Home of Real Reel Features.
Continuous from 1 to 10
, LOVE AND WAR
Are the two forces which vie with each other for su
premacy in the William Fox Photoplay
1 h!
Which Features
GRETCIIEN HARTMAN AND ALAN HALE
It is a tale of life on the Mexican border, and the fight
one woman makes for a man's affections.
ADMISSION
Tickets Issued on Coupons Accepted for Any
Performance.
iiiiitPii
TODAY ONLY TODAY ONLY
- Continuous from 3 to 10:30.
The Triangle Fine Arts Presents
SIR BEERBOHM TREE IN
"The Old Folks at Home"
A Fine Arts Production in Five Reels.
And the Triangle Keystone Presents
FRED MACE AND ALL-STAR CAST IN
Ills Last Scent"
A Keystone Comedy in Two Reels.
ADMISSION .... 10 and 15 Cents.
Tickets Issued on Coupons Accepted for Any
Performance.
Originality
Need Not Suggest the "Freakish"
nor the '.'Flashy"
In the portraits we make (ire combined
good taste and Mint effect of the unusual
which make them stand out brishtly
against the dull effect of ordinary work.
PHOTOGRAPHS
THAT IMPKESS THE ONLOOKER
WITH THE PERSONALITY OP THE SITTER
Dix Studio
Jakob Schmid Building. Brewery Gulch
We do Kodak Finishing.
eu i mmm
10 and 15 Cents
t a tra
trr-a h vi c ii
10 and 15 Cents.
R IP L
H
1 BOWLING CLUB MEETING.
The Ladies' Howling Club will meet : (iKirtinent made a remarkably quick'
at 7:30 o'clock Tuesday at the home ru m,t. lortiinat. ly. neighbors had cx
of Mrs. Heath, in Tombstone Canyon, j tiiiguishcil the blaze before but little
damage hail resulted.
For first class business proposition
see Stoddard. Room ::. Harney bids.. I Sp.- i.cl Stiiidav dinner at English!
Johnson Add. Advertisement. ?-".
VERY MUCH IMPROVED.
Miss Edith Hussen. who has been
ill at her home on Mason Hill with j
a severe attack Mf la grippe and ton-1
silitis. Is reported to be recovering
'I
rapidly.
See Stoddard. Room :!. Harney bids
! Johnson Add . for first class invest
nent Advertisement.
, NEW LOWELL RESIDENT.
An eight-pound daughter was born
Friday night to Mr. and Mrs. H. M.
i C'hristiansan, of Lowell. Mother and
daughter are doing well.
MINERS UNION DANCE
Sunday eve.. Mar. 4, Union Hall on
0. K. St. Dancing begins 8:30.
Advertisement. 3-'4
WOMEN'S LEAGUE MEETING.
The Women's League of the First
Presbyterian church, will meet at
2:30 o'clock Wednesday afternoon at
the church.
Morrow Chiropodist removes corns, I
11 VJ I I'lll V. till UIUUI91 I ClllUVt B till U, 1
unions, ingrowing nails without pain. '
nstant relief, office 2 doors from city
ark. Hrewery Gulch.
Advertisement. 2"4
RETURNS TO BISBEE.
I
M. J. P.rown. who bad been so-i
ourniug in Tucson for several weeks j
for his health, has returned to his ,
lome in this city. J
!
3ACK TO WILLCOX.
Tom Fulghum. jf Willcos, who is
one of the active workers on the
novement to divide Cochise county.
has returned to his home town, w hich
he hopes will be the county seat of
Jie new county if the division project !
is put through.
Riue on the American Stage Line, ;
sbee to Douglas. Phone 366 :
Advertisement.
BELLOW PERIL
Deputy Sheriff Percy Bowden, in bis
'yelPow peril" touring car, passed
hrough Bisbee yesterday, beaded in
the general direction of Tombstone.
JUST WRIGHT SHOPS I
Complete lino of these famous :in' 0ste"t'att'- rheumatism, nervous
hoes, ins rrivl niw. n. I ness a "Pclalty. Office. Hughes
lat Shop.
Adv. 309 l
ON WAY TO HUACHUCA. j
aooui twelve army ambulances I
passed through Bisbee yesterday on
ineir way iroin uouglas to Huachuca.
rhey are believed to have been partj
Df the Tershing expedition equipment, j
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
(Allen Block)
Delicious home made butter,
osts san.e as any other. Try it.
Advertisement.
Hi
;
10 ;
;
:
jOES to phoenix.
A. C. Karger. clerk of the board of
supervisors, is in Phoenix, in response
o a subpoena to appear as a witness
n the recount proceedings now under
vay in the supreme court j
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
(Allen Block)
A great hi;? glass fresh butler::; ilk
t's only 3 cents. Advertisement. .50;i
SILL BROTHERS BACK. !
William and George Gill have re-1
urned to Bisbee from Miami, where
hey had been employed for the last1
,ix months. - !
NOTirc I
The Order of Amaranths will not '
ave a meeting on March 6, In order i
Mat the Eastern Star may entertain
. ,. rfK . , ., , j
he Worthy Grand Matron. Mr. Uol-
.ell, R. M. Advertisement. 314
j
has returned to
rO COUNTY SEAT.
Porter McDonald
rombstone after a visit of several
lays in this city. ;
PORTRAiTS THAT PLEASE
Irwin Studio, Main Street. 857
Advertisement
TRIAL JURY DRAWN.
A trial jury was drawn Friday in j
the superior court at Tombstone. The
names of the jurors will not be made
public until all have been subpoenaed.
435.00 tailor made uncalled for siiu,
520.00. Millard & Bateman, Allen
Hock. Advertisement.
RECORDER IS BUSY.
Although February' is the shortest
nonth in the year. County Recorder
Krebs did a record business during
that period. A total of 1015 instru-
nents were tiled and fees totalled
$1422. This was in excess of January,
when 970 instruments were filed and
1388.30 in fees collected.
ORIGINAL BtSBEE-TOM BSTON E
STAGE LINE.
. The original Tombstone stage leaves
laily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
:ochIse Motor Co. Phone 441. Leaves
punctually on time daily. 931
(Advertisement)
ROOF CATCHES FIRE.
Volunteer and regular firemen were
I
Ijiwn an opportunity to show their,
j worth in smoke caters F'ndny tvi.ri-
in::, win n the r.x.f o (lie home of Pal
O'Dimiii ll. Maon Hill, wu ignited l.y
spaiks from the chimney. The fire
Kitchen today, consisting of combina-
!lion salad, chicken coup, turkey, cran-
j berry sauce, suc cotash, sweet pota-
iPS. l,.m()M ,l hoi mince nie. iiud-
lnK ami t,oice of drink, all Tor SO
00,s ..v.lv.rlis.mrnl. 3S1
FOR FAIR ANGELENO.
Mrs. M. I,, liiitlc'r entertained at
her home Friday afternoon in honor
i of Mrs. J. V. Hntdr of I.os Angeles
' I'vho is visiting ber daughter in His
I bee. A dainty three course luncheon
j was served to Mcsdames Ashbey, Har
dy. fierce. Wilson. Hicks. Owens.
Huthr and Mr. M. L. IlutUr.
THAT GREAT VERDE EXTENSION
stock can still be bought for 20 cents
per share. Use your penc il and paper
a minute and see what an investment
of $40 could easily make you. See
A. M. Shambaugh. Call for him.
Phone -07. Advertisement
MINERAL EXHIBIT.
B. Fairchild,
C. F. Weeks and T.
financial representatives of the Louisi-t with many trained animals, has trav-ana-Arizona
Copper .Mining company. 1 ,.iied all over tne country, with vaude-
0Pen- on Monday morning, a bigjvilIe troupt.s tarnival9 anj a greater
1 . . 1
,llsp,ay. 0f "mpl ke? ?rom. ,th:
luls mx. inciuues pieKeu
and rab M'Pl' from several open-;
n the claims and will make a ;
Special Sunday dinner at English
Kitchen today, consisting of combina-
tion salad, chicken soup, turkey, cran-1
terry sauce, succotash, sweet pota-!
toes, lemon and hot vince pie, pud-
ding and choice of drink, all for 50 j
cents. Advert isement.
Ml !
SOCIAL
I by Knights and Ladies of Security,
'March Sih, 8:30 p. m.. at Union Hall
Dancing and refreshments.
Admiss
ion 25c. Meeting starts at 7 sharp.
Advertisement. 273
MINSTREL MEETING.
.Manager jcancourt, or tne now
1 famous "V
minstrels, has called a j
that api?reAinn n thai
I meeting of
i "Y" this aftenrlion at 2 o'clock, to ,'
consider final arrangements for pre- i
, sentation of the show at Douglas on j
,the 16th. !
Dr. Edward CnlniAn Chironrr,r-tnr i
block, opposite Y. M. C. A.
Advertisement.
37S
NOTICE
There will be a snecial meefinir of!
Pearl chapter No. 6 Order Eastern "i
star TnesHav t:,rr.i, r- ii,iati
.,nrt reeention nf n Vnr.h nn m...
tron of Arjz A nielIlbprs alld vIsil.
ing niombers reouested to be present
Richard, Worthy Matron.
Advertisement
ATTORNEY TO SPEAK.
Attorney Flannigan, well known
local law yer, will speak at the men's
mec tin? at the V. M f thio nttr.
oon at 4:30. A short recital will be
..iven by the association quartette, and
Mr. Lewis will sing a solo. All men
;lre cordially invited to these services
CARD OF THANKS
i We wish to extend our thanks for
'he symp.ithy shown us, also for the
beaut yful flowers and to the Copper
(J'.icen Band in our time of trouble.
namely, the dt-alh of Hamilton Wal-
ton, who was killed at the Sacranien-
to shaft.
Mrs. II. Walton.
G. V. Bell,
B. Bell.
Advertisement.
3S3
I,iK'"1st cash price paid for old gold
""l1 'ttve'- ow. Jew,r, Srhop,- ?f;
Ic inl watch inspectors E. P. & S. W.
if,iroad. Advertisement 2S4
Save money on sheet music. I sel'
nbotit 33 1-3 percent below Los Angel
a ,iriPPS, ri h o.i t.-..
rf0rr8 nover co umpr mv
.... , ;
no music till you see my prices. W
Muir, next Wells, Fargo.
Advertisement. 109
THE ANTISEPTIC
IJARBER SHOP
Will open for business in its new
location, opposite The De pot, in
the new Lyric Building, Wednes
day, March 7th.
HARRY HAYES. Trop.
CHARLEE HALL, NOW
"DON CARLOS," WILL
RETURN HOME TODAY
Former Bisbee Resident, Who
became Famous as a Wild
Animal Trainer, Is Coming
Back to Visit Old Friends.
Charlie Hall, known in the theatri
cal and circus world by the more im
pressive name of Don Carlos, will ar
rive in Pisbee. his old home town,
this morning, after an absence of ma-
i ny years.
Hall drifted into llisboe. about IS
years ago. Soon after his arrival he
went into business. In addition to
building up a good trade. Hall made
many friends. among them a wild
l oar, a monkey and a lion. Where he
found the animals no one la able to
toil .!1,iiv but old timers remember
Charlie Hill as the man who used to
w."ik around the streets with any
number of wild animals trailing along
fer him.
After having lived here for several
years. Hall left, accompanied by
Messrs. Lion and Monk. Little was
j heard from him until he blossomed
forth on theatrical programs as "Don
! Carlos and His Educated Animals."
1 Kor the last few years "Don Carlos"
r - - r - -
oart of the time under bis own can
vfls Hut wno ,,e nops ofr tue train
nion!nB it wi DP as piain Char.
.,e UM for n,.irlie does not tll,nk
that D"on Carlos" sounds very good
j among his old friends.
PARENT TEACHERS
TO HOLD MEETING
TUESDAY EVENING
The Parent-Teachers Association of
Lincoln school will now us next meet
nig at the school at :.to o ciock l ue
day evening. The public will be wel -
.corned. A Spanish lunch will be
served during the evening. The fol
. . i i .
,ow'"K program nas oeen arrangeu:
Fon. Mrs. Nelson.
"The
Cobbe.
"The
Duty "jf the Parent," Mrs
Duty of the Teacher,'
Mr
Potter.
"The Origin and Use of the Pres-
sure Cooker." with a practical de
aionstration, Mrs. Parrish,
EVANGELISTS WILL
REACH HERE TUESDAY
Evangelists Hart and McGana. who
recently conducted a series of meet
'ns in Phoenix, will arrive in Bisbee
Tuesday corning and will launch an
"vangelistic movement in this city.
f'e Presbyterian church. Tuesday
night. The church is the. largest
vailable building here and member?
"f the congregations of the various
"hurdles backing the movement, are
"onfident that packed houses will lis
ten to the evan.Ti-lists every night
Messrs. Hart and McG.inn studied
"vangelistic work for more than 23
-ers and are reputed among the bes
!t the world.
?5 AMERICANS ENDANGERED
BY SINKING OF THE LACONIA
WASHINGTON. Mar. 3. All thf
evidence on the Laconia destruction
"ow compiled at the state department
i shews that 23 Americans were put in
'eonardy of their lives by the German
-ubmarine. Three were killed.
Renorts on the torpedoing of the
Norweeian steamer Nyland, which
which bore one American, show the
ship was warned and 1I had oppor
tunity to escape.
TIGERS GO TO TEXAS.
DETROIT. March 3. Five members
j of the Detroit Americans, with club
officials and newspaper men, left here
tonight for the training camp at Waxa
hachie, Texas. Several players will
join the party at St. I-ouis.
Coveleskie. James and Boland. pit
chers, and McKee and Yello, catchers.
composed the local 'squad.
NEW ENGLAND TRACKMEN
BREAK TWO RECORDS
HOSTON. Mar. 3. Two meet rec
ords were made at the New England
amateur indoor track and field cham
pionships here. Henry F. Mahoney of
the lioston Athletic Association, low
ered the time for the one thousand
vnrd run to two minutes, 19 4-5 sec
onds. The second score was made by
another H. A. A. runner when J. W.
Rvan led a fast field over the line in
two mile run in 9 minutes 40 4-5
seconds.
! RESERVE BOARD WARNS
TO HOLD OFF ON WARRANTS
WASHINGTON. March 3. A warn
ing to reserve banks against over in
vestment in warrants was issued by
the reserve board tonight.
A tabulntion showing the movement
of gold to and from the I'nited States j
since the war started gives total im-i
norts of JI.373.4-Nt.ouo, and exports or
$333,3!S,900. leaving t.'ie net amcunt
of gol dbrought Into the country and
remaining here at $951,172,000.
GERMAN PUBLICIST
SAYS FEELING IS
BITTER TOWARD U.S.
month after month, while a continuous
PF.RLIX. Feb. 1'"., (by1 wireless to si ream of American ammunition pour
Ihe Associated Press via Tiickerton. 'd ' F.nyland and Kussia unchecked
N". J.. Mar. l'role.;.-ir Hi'lts Del- '' r submarines.
brueck. In :t.l of the deparliiiem of his- "Now we arn g.miy to iiht out this
lorv in P.erlin I niversitv, and al.o an battle-. The (lerman people had wish
influential publicist with a large fed- pI 'hat it might Im foi?Rht out as other
lowing in his capacity as editor of 'iir!' h."! l"'en-between enemy and
the I'reuschic he Jahrbuec her. discuss- 'n,',fl.v
ed the submarine situation today in
answer to the request of the Associat- CORNELL TRACK ATHLETES
cd Press rtgurding .'lis views on the TAKE COLLEGIATE MEET.
present campaign. PHILADELPHIA. March 2. Cornel!
"For the great body of the German showed her form again tonight when
peoples," he said "the intensified sub- tllo UWava dovs wor fo,,r of Uit. fwK).
marine wartare has never been any- TMlts , ,hp thirJ annUjl mpK ()f tI).
thing but a terrible weapon of defense .,.., ,
p-mnst the enemy's wanton broach of asrocaUun of amateur
the law athletics of America.
"But the test of good raith was no- Th' thr anJ t'f,le lap relay
rlied by America to lioth the German races, shot put and broad jump went
and English claims for acting only in to Cornell men who tied the Tniver
reprisal. The joint note of Februa-y, Sity of Pennsylvania in the pole vault.
191".. asked both parties to forego tie Pennsylvania won the graduate mile
practices. Germany responded to the n..AV Pfl.A .ith To,l v-urn n.
test by declaring her willingness
England refused. Hud Fn gland ac
cepted, there never would .have died
a single nou-combatgiist by starvation
in Germany, nor would any have lost
their lives on the high seas through a
German submarine."
"Do you believe that the intensified
U-boat campaign would cease if Eng
land discontinued these illegalities to
which yon refer?" Herr Delbrueck i
"We know that international com-' officers Ranson Gwattney and Pal
merce will automatically 'resume just rick Riggin were killed and Mayor J.
s soon as the unlawful British block- P. Jechwich was fatally wounded to
ade is raised. The blockade seems jay by W. C. Nelson when the official
ess ingmiui co jom i.mu uie uo-
marine warfare: it is farther away
md less dramatic."
"If there had been any outlook for
peace on the lines suggested in Presi
dent Wilson's address, our decision
would have been different," Prof Del
brueck continued, "but we were- ccn-
with Hishnnnr nn.l Hwlnomlwrmonl "
"The rights of non-combatants tit!
sea can only be respected if they ' SAN BERNARDINO. Calif., Mar. 3.
themselves respect their duties as Two home runs by Catcher Elliott
non-combatants. f.of team No. 2. of the Chicago National
"I now will speak of something iea?ue baseball club, lielped to defeat
which causes us "easiness Many hjJ Sjn martino club by a score
statements have been cabled to Ger-: ,
many about hostile acts committed orj01 lo - ner1 lonai-
Dout to ne commiiieci oy your rov-
, t German subjPf.ts and
I 0erman Fnips. We were glad to learn
.flnally that ,npse wore hasPlj up0n
I falsified news despatches originating
'n entente sources.
"Misstatements repeatedly are
-eacbing you through the same chan- quartcrs. The Anlericans are
"els. I feel I ought to state very 7
frankly how the German people feel b"""l 'or Palestine. Texas, and the
'nwerd America at this moment. National for Hot Wells. Texas, near
"They feel bitterness and believe San Antonio.
hey have been wronged. Hundreds
-f thousands have lost fathers, hus-!
hands and sons throug.n. American NEO-BEAUTY SHOP
ammunition. Hundreds of thousands Neo-Plastique Massage, manicuring
if young men of Germany have been a 8pPCaity. Your patronage solicit
".imd for life with American am- anJ senUeinen- Mrs. EJ.
m"nWewere to receive from you j Sawyer, Room 16, JohDson Ho
bread for our non-combatants. Our tel. Advertisement 196
enemies interfered. You said their
nterference was illegal, but you did;
not make your protest effective.
"Our people are asking with grow
ing bitterness the reason for this dis-
Fhe glasses I prescribe for you
are different to the ones you
get in a jewelry, drug. ; dry
goods or ten cent store or
blacksmith shop. If your eyes
or nerves need attention you
should go to a specialist in that
line who gives their entire at
tention to their work
Opticians have edging plants
and think they do lense grind
ing, they do not know the dif
ference. I have permanent offices in
Maze Building, Bisbee, except
Mondays at Douglas.
Dr. R. Glaze, Neurologist.
Star Theatre
SUNDAY PROGRAM
"Shooting Hi 'Art Out"
2 Reel Lko Corned)'.
A scream from start to
finish.
'Mother's Guiding Hand'
1 Reel Drama.
"The Fascinating Model"
I Reel Comedy.
Admission - - - 5c
c riminal ion. We have been told time
and atain thnt the principle of the
fr--dirn of the seas is deeply rooted
in tour r-.ice. Attain and a-'aln wo
ban- heard repeated your president'.-:
words: -1 will on t.-r I lor the freeilotti
of the seas, trom whatever source it
is menaced. '
Thus our pc'jple patiently looked on.
ning as the Anchor man. Yale car
ried off the fifty yard hurdle in fast
time. The most exciting race was that
for three laps, Crim of Cornell beat-
'ng Scudder of Pennsylvania right at
the tape.
'
CAROLINA MOONSHINER
KILLS TWO POLICEMEN
TARBORO. X. C. Mar. 3. Police
uneanhed a quantity of whisker in
Nelson's home. Police Chief Pulley
and spectators who rushed to the
house when they beard shots over
powered Nelson, against whom feel
ing ran high tonight.
UB ITHW tAimtKb
HOMERS DEFEAT BERDOO
ST. LOUIS BIG LEAGUERS
LEAVE FOR TEXAS,
ST. LOUIS. March 3. The St. Louis
American league team and the SL
Tiula National leaeue sound deoarted
. ,ol .i.i, lnr ti-oin.
The
Beautiful
TODAY
LEW FIELDS
OLD DUTCH
A 5 reel Shubert Feature
MUTT AND JEFF
Comedy Cartoon
"PATHE FASHIONS-
ADMISSION
Reserved seats 25c
Lower Floor 10c
Balcony 5c
MONDAY PROGRAM
Mr. Vampire"
2 Reel Drama
"Jags and Jealousy"
1 Reel Comedy,
it's Great to Be Married'
I Reel Comedy.
LYRIC Mtnttm I
MINING
SECTION
SOCIETY
SECTION
MEMBER A880CIATED PRE88
VOL 19. NO. 231.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 4, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
matt
Resumption of All
Mining In Mexico
Seen In Near Future
American Minim? Enterprises Feel That With the Presence of
an Accredited Ambassador
Much of the Activity in That Country Will Be Resumed
in Near Future Will Mean Much to Silver Production.
Butte Mining Companies Are Contemplating Many Improve
ments and Increased Outputs Will Be the Order of the
Day Butte and Superior Company Again Goes to Work
on the Butte-York Property Forcasting Good Results from
That Direction. i
With the United States again represented in Mexico City by an Ameri
can diplomatic officer in the person of Ambassador Fletcher, tentative prep
arations are being undertaken by American mining Interests to resume ac
tivities in the Mexican Republic.
The American Smelting & Refining Co.. the United States Refining Co.,
the American Metals Co., and smaller independent mines which ship their
output to the plants of the larger companies for treatment and sale were
forced by revolutionary conditions to suspend -operations tsr an extended j
period and as a consequent the silver production of Mexico has been com
paratively negligible but with these mines once more in operation the coun-
try is expected to assume its place as one of the world'sleadlng producers
of the metal.
Inasmuch as the normal Mexican output of silver is well above 25.000.000
028., annually, the country's enforced absence from the producing field has!
been an important factor in the recent rise of the metal to a level unpre-j
cedented In nearly a quarter of a century.
Though many market experts continue optimistic in their predictions oft
dollar silver in view of the worldwide and constantly growing demand for
the metallic commodity, some raise the qucsticn as to whether the advance
can long continue with Mexico again turning out its quota. This latter ac
complishment, however, they hold Is a matter of uncertain date.
Aside from the perplexities accruing to the mining industry in Mexico
from iffditlous uprisings, ttie shortage of cyanide has been an embarrassment
to the native companies in some districts since they were not forced to con
tend with the same amount of revolutionary animosity which confronted the
American companies.
Most of the precious metal mines of Mexico whose ore Is not rich enough'
to Justify the expense of sending it to. the smelting companies employ tin? (
cyanide process in the treatment of their products. Before the war the
cyanide nsed in Mexico always came from Germany, the Imports of this com j
modity approximating 10,000 tons annually.
With the outbreak of hostilities abroad, however, this supply was cut off
and cyanide has risen in some instances from about lGc to $1 per pound.
The American production of cyanide has progressed rapidly in that time so
that by July cr August of the present year it is expected that enough will
have been produced to satisfy the demand in the United States, when a por
tion will be available for export to Mexico. Meanwhile, many Mexican mines
have discontinued operation because ft is virtually impossible to get cyanide
and with the smelting plants idle they were afforded no alternative for the
treatment of their metal.
That the silver output of Mexico has not ceased entirely is due to tho
tact that the attractive prices prevailing In the market for the metal have
materially oJTuet the increased cost of cyanide and 'otber factors of production.
Mines wlrose concentrates assay rich in quality have been able to cyanide
their own metal profitably, and aa a result a' certain amount of silver has
been produced in Mexico in the past year despite unfavorable conditions.
ANACONDA.
The Butte mining district is making extensive preparations for increasing
the output of copper, zinc and silver in order to take advantage of the large
demand and high prices of these metals. The Washoe smelter will make
improvements during the coming summer that will materially add to its
capacity. A new stack 535 feet high, which will be 20 feet higher than the
one at Great Falls and the highest smelter stack in the world, is to be con
structed. It will have a diameter of 50 feet and in its construction 30,000,000
brick will be used. AH of these will be made at the Anaconda plant and to
handle it the size of the brick making plant of the Anaconda company will b
trebled.
The 14 roasters In the leaching plant will be converted into roasters for
the treatment of zinc ores. Additions are also to be made to the Cottrell
plant. The improvements iwben completed will coat approximately $2,000,000.
The sulphuric acid plant, which has been enlarged once since it was con
structed, will also be added to' and the capacity doubled. The plans when
fully carried out will provide a plant with a capacity of 500 tons of sulphuric
acid per day. The great demand for it for the leaching processes for handling
ores and also in the munition manufacture, makes this improvement one of
the most urgent.
" At the Great Falls plant there will be a large number of improvements
and additions. The zinc refinery will be completed and six full sections in
stalled and put into operation there.
The present smelting facilities of the Va6boe and Great Falls smelters
of the Anaconda Co., the Pittsmont smelter of the East Butte Mining Co. and
the East Helena smelter of the American Smelting & Refining Co. are taxed
to the limit to care for the output of the mines of the district.
WEIGHT OF GOLD COIN.
The plan of treasury and federal reserve authorities to propose legislation
for withdrawal from circulation of gold
concentration on bank vaults particularly thoae of federal reserve banks, calls, ea- 1 n,,y nve an abundance of juice
over all needs for co-vpressor and
attention to laws governing weight of various gold coins put out by the three electric pump. The power plant is
United States mints. t equipped with a 2S5 h. p. Deisel en-
. I trine, direct coupled to a 200 Crocker
Weight of standard unit, the gold dollar, is fixed by law at 25.S grains, wheeler generator. There is an ex-
nin-tenthB of which la fine and one-tenth copper and nickel alloy. Colnago citer and a nanel board with this
, A, m equipment The entire works with,
(Continued on Par 7. Main Section.) 1 (Continued on Paga Six)
in Mexico with Carranza That
coins used on pacinc coast and tue:rthis compressor ever being overload-
HU(;E SENTINELS, READY FOR INSTANT ACTION, (iUARD ENTRANCE TO
r.
, .
9
I wt lvf-inch rifle, one of the
EQUIPMENT FOR
CS A PLANT IS
Shaft of Promising Looking
Property Now Down 100
Feet and Fast Progress Is
Object of Management
JEROME. March 3. With their
nnwpr nlnnt nnerntin? snlendidlv. all
connections made, the shaft down 100 '
feet, the force increased from two to
four men on each of the three shifts i
operating in the shaft, and the red j
iron gossan entered, there is reason ;
out at the Calumet and Jerome today 1
for the abundance of enthusiasm that
is entertained alonr with high pride
from the toD to the bottom of the or-
n'm i in I i.in r n t ir rw w i in 1 1 1 1. 1 T- '
equipment nnf the way it is handling
itself. J
Calumet and Jerome power plaut j
was turneu over anu iui 111 regumr
service on Wednesday. This step
marked the beginning of a campaign
of vigorous development which will
be persisted in without easement un
til a mine is either made or a barren
zone determined. On the latter score
it is conceded by everybody in the dis
triet that if there is one of its devrl
oping properties that has rij;ht to ful
ly expect large success it is the Calu
met and Jerome.
On this property there was much
well directed nrnHnwtin?' fhrmiuh
tunnel work prior to the determina- j
tion of such conditions of formation
as satisfied those who are financing ;
the enterprise that thre was a :reati.
deal to warrant the expenditure of ;
money in making such depth as ne
cessary to enter the permanent ore j
body. Location of the shaft was
made pursuant to the findings in the
preliminary prospecting about 200
feet east of the north fault of the dis
trict as it shows on the surface. The
fault is here pitching to the east. Its
trend indicates that the propertv is
on the Verde Extension formation,
and the finding of Htnilar schist,
quartzite and gossan further substan
tiates this belief.
Going down, the shaft was in lava
boulders nearly all the way. Thy
passed out of these on Wednesday in
to clay lying on the west side.
Through a thin layer of this they
have passed into the red sossnn. cor
responding with the tunnel findings
around the depth of '.'('0 feet which
was attained with the bore below the
shaft site. Some quartzite and cop-
pex stain among
me ooumers oi curr-
ed in the shaft, giving
cause for faith from the
standpoint. '
"jr.'J ,
geoiogicaa
The plant installed and now in full
operation at the Calumet Jerome is
considered to be the very best erected ,
to this time in the d.Htnct for a pros-
pectitig campaifin. Indited, when they
get their mine they will not need to
euner increase me pinni or auer ,ne
shaft they are sinking in order to han-
die the business that will be present-
ed. The shaft is of three compart-
ments. timbered with 10x10. The
lows frame above it is an excellent
piece of construction. The hoist is a
aouoie arum i-iagerwooa. gooa ior
depth or 1600 feet. It is direct driven
by a .5 h. p. ttestinghouse motor. Air
is furnished by an Innersoll Rand Im-!
perial type 10 compressor with capa-1
city of 51.1 cubic feet.
driven
Dv 8
75 h. p. Westinghouse
motor.
e-1
lieved of pumping by electric equip-
1 ment. there will be no question about
1
:
....... .... I...
. ....
3
sr-ou ......
nrst line detene at l-nri H.imiiiitn aua
VERDE COMBINATION
CUTS OUTCROP WHILE
SINKINGJTS SHAFT
The Find Is Confirmatory and
Adds to Enthusiasm of the
Management of This Mine
in the Jerome District.
J
JEItOME. March 3. Good news'
from the Verde Combination this
week is carried in the cutting in the
! shaft of a well defined ouartz outcrop,
Thla "tfrP "l confirmatory and
additional to encouraging fend whit
, . . , . ,
UP"1 which the location of the shaft
. -ri... ,,.,.,.ir. ih.
sluift is giving on the top Is very pleas-
nan luuuti. lur ivuui uiavuiu hjv
ing and adds materially to the convic
tion fhnca .1 . .,.. Ti if r'nniKlnattiifl
uevplopmt.nt and tht,re i3 a nnne
awaiti thm jn tne country they
afv Q
Tnt three compartII1ent shaft is now
olng down under band Wjrk. They
are niakins f0Ur feet the day and have
present depth of something better
tnan 35 feet. Combination has elec-
Ra1-;tric power contracted for and will be
: making use of it Just as soon as they
gt.t their equipment in and set up.
Vn pivh.i. t h. hmn.ht
lohe mine at once are the mol.Jr and
rnmnrBsanr for :,, Th hoist
, nni ln .rl.,i, from th manllfa,.
turt,rs installation of the equipment.
which will be among the best In the
HiKtrift. i tn hA made with all the
rapidity possible. It is now hoped that
it .-iii ha flnkimH mH uiniHm- h en.
ing on under power within thlrtv days,
Verde Combination is one of tha
V.-
Mjhnrf i . x-- w
1 1 JL...i.AM)S UXCLE SAM'S BKiKEST FLEET j j
i ' "'
j ' ' ' ' N '
Is - Mi
f: 4 . .'
I I fi i i iTTirrifiini r tt tit Hi r IV n ri frr n innnmniM 11 mnt I I (
i t -He ' !
' Admiral Mayo. - " , I
properties looked forward to with
high expectations on the part of tie
mlning public for the achievement of
Important results during the present
year. They will have to go some to
make a mine ln that time, but behind
Verde Combination is th fro in kJnft.
(Continued en Pan Six i
.
.. .sry:
54 "k.
in iclt tM liruuik(t. acruss the Marrows,
ST. LOUIS FINANCIER
INTERESTED IN MINE
OF YAVAPAI COUNTY
Charles T. Pabst Becomes As
sociated in the Union Group
in Chaparral District of Big
Northern County.
FRESCOTT. March, 3. Important
matters to affect tn future of the
L'nRn group of gold mine in Chap-
arral were sat iefartorily . concluded
when Charles T rabst of St. oui
became octed . w th U M.
.,it,..i vt iioki y
visited the property with hU consult-
inr mrlnwr Kranb Ylrln.-of Mont-
n - - -
ana, both, remaining for a thorousn ex-
amination Of the. holdings and end
ing five days on the property.
luitial steps are now being taken
for incorporating what will bit known
as the Locey-Pubst Mining Co., wltb
stock of $100 a share and with the
: , U
specific understanding between the
two above named principals that the
affairs of the company are -t be close-
ly controlled, with no marketing of
shares. Mr TabuCs association wita
the Union is signiflcant on account of
his prominence In financial circles in
the Eust. and the new team 01 opera t
ctsi, aoa iar now icaiu 11 uprmi-
is practically assured Of capital
ors
uff
cient to place the I'niou on a solid
basis for the future
Already they are planning, exten
sive operations. The payrViH was in
creased during the week to 32 men. 1
Mr. Locey stated that all matters af -
feotlnr this nrocertv are now In
excellent shape, and beginning
at,
once a radical chanre in past methods
of handling this desirable gold proper-!
ty will be inaugurated. i
The ten-Mamp mill on the grround
is to be enlarged to SO stamps, wita
an oil flotation system added. New
hoistlm machinery is to be Installed
snd aadJtidnal buildings are
(Co.'Unui on Pa Two)
NEW YORK HARHOK
car o
a view of Fort W idswortlt.
TRENCHING VERY
SUCCESSFUL
HEAR HERE
Bisbee-Tombstone Copper
Mining Company to Sink
Two Shafts Has Uncover
ed Fine Carbonate Ore.
Disbee-Tombstone , Copper M in ins
cjmpan is preparing to sink two
shafts on its property west and north
of the Warren District. At a meeting
of the directors of the concern, held
this week, it was decided to sink fur
ther in a sbatt which is already down
fifty feet and. on the other side of the
hill, to sink another shaft.
tn addition the company has been
following the recommendat.Ons, in
part, of Y. S. Iionillas. a well known
geologist of the District. He advised
the trenching of a part of the holdings
of the company and This has resulted
In the uncovering of some excellent
carbonate copper ore.
The report of -Mr. Iionillas on the
property follows:
Area and Location.
The property of the liisbee-Tomb-stone
Copper Mining company that
was examined consists of 17 unpat
ented claims situated about eleven
miles northwest of the city of Bibee.
Cochise county. Arizona. The new
I'Jad between Bisbee and Tombstone
goes through tha western ei!;e of the
group, and the nearest railroad point
is Hereford, eight miles away, on the
main line of the K. P. & S. V. Rail
way. There is a vaon road to this
point.
This ground is located on the north
western edge of the Mule mountains.
Where the plains of the San PediO
valley begin.
General Geology.
The group centers about a hill of
Devonian and Carboniferous lime
stone, (in claims '2. 3 aud 4). over
1S00 feet long from eBst to west and
500 to 800 feet wide. Surrounding the
hill, bedrock is covered by gravel and
sands except at the extreme south
western edge where other hills Of
Carboniferous limestone are reached.
The lime beds dip in general to the
north and northwest, from 15 to 30
degrees, and here form a part of the
northern side of the great uplifted
dome that renters aboit the Juniper
fiats granite. The limestones ot the
producing Wanvn Mining district
bear the same relation on the south
east. Uraqlte porphyry is to be; found
outcropping directly west and south
of the group, and as it is quite abund
ant in the hills to f the south, it is
likely to be found on the claims cov
ered by wash. :i ' -
. Special. Features.
At the west'' and east ends of the
bill nientidued the top Devonian beds
are exposed on the surface and al
though unaltered In general appear
ance, on close examination they are
seen to be traversed by very many
thin stringers of malachite, azurite
and calclte. and here the veinlets
are thicker, cbalcocite is found in
place of the copper carbonat-. The
presence of the sulphide, as found.
seems to indicate that the mineraliza
tion in not due to surface cold sol 11
t.Ons. but to deeper (ourres. One of
the chalcoclte stringers found in a lit-
uie cuaicoriie s
iK shaft at the
east of the hiil. shows
a mass of sulphide fully a foot and a
half in diameter.
Devonian limestone mineralized in
this way has had sufficient copper
values in parts of the Warren District
to be mined underground for ore. and
with ore bodies of higher grade.
U'ner features or me limestone on
0
this hill are the slight folds, and
breaks some of which strongly silicl-
lied, while others' show crumpled and
altered limestone, now kaoltnlzed. The
shaft on the east end of the hill was
put down on one of these slight Oids
and breaks, and all tna calclte filled
(Costlnuad on Pag 2)
OfJEREPOBTE!
FOUill
JEROME
VERDE
'Men Underground" Said to
Have Told That Faulted
Ore Shoot Is Located on the
Adjoining Property.
VICTOR EX. SAID
TO HAVE SEEN SOLD
Three Shifts Now Worked by
the Arkansas and Arizona.
Air Line Enables Company
to Develop Property.
PRi:SCOTT. March 3. A p.rrist
nt ru-i'or. that appear ; have frst
'emanated from the ":::e;i who work
j nnilraround." Is) current here to the
t efiVrt that a strike of high grad" cop
per ore has been made in the Jerome
Verde workings. The man igMiient of
the company, however, while not
making a positive denial of the rumor
has issued a statement whirh at le.st
to a tentative deni?l of tie moot. J
stiike. Heduced to concentrate facts,
as mining parlance words it. the de
nial "assays" as follows: That the
diamond diilhng operations for sor;
time in force in the Jerome Verde
workings have not disclosed the pres
ence of pay ore.
When the forr-coing d. nial is eu'Vd
to thf attention of the member of
the Bucket p.rijrade they smile know
ingly and advise you to discount lr by
purchasing a block ol Jtohp Vnli
shares. Th -e men asst-rt lhnt drill
ins op, -rn' ions in I'niieif Verd Ex
tension (Little Daisvt ground have r
locited In Jerome Vctfe territory at
a depth of 1400 fe-t tie ore bix!v
wh'ch fnult"d in the Kxtension orTc
lnts. The ore is said t' run fro v 1"
to 20 percent cepper. This rumor
may or "iav not he true, but the fru-t
remains that the wor.l-of-mouth nt-nrs
bureau etirrwit a eomt mire-s hs i"
the past b-en an authrntir source of
information. Future devplonni'-nts
wiil 'TPrniine vhether tlie rct't
"flash" is as reliable as those pre . d
ingx Sale c Victor Ex. Rurrored
Another nin'or cft-uI'Mins locsilv
asserts that W. A. ''arlc is necotit
ine for the control f the cmoerfy c.f
the Jcrouie Vit;r Extensi(n Topp-r
enm ojt ny et a price i-onsMt-rably in
advance of the M-evniMn? quotations
on the s'ovk. The r,oterm.ins. pad
ot'ier Mihican mininn mpi who are
interested in the Jerome Victor '"
tPnsion. sav thev he n Vncwlodj;e
of such a pending dnl. Ot'ir i-rter-eted
parties iiitimt" that Nw
City holders of Victor Fxtonsijn
shares may. however, hive entered
ino n-fro'is'ions fur transferrin? the
control to Clsrk. Tfc nmrr is gl"n
credence here from the far that a
lnrse and valuable hody of copper or
was encountered recently in Clark"s
I'nited Verde mine at a point r.ear
the line of the Jerome Victor Kxten
sion company's propertv.
The failure of the Clark interest
to secure control of th Ciiifd Verdi
Kxtension company's rirh estate, an
f state, by the way, whii h at one tim
went begging at cents per sh ire h.is
caused the" ti hk voth favorably
than fc.rmerlv upon territory coniinu
ous Vt the Cnited Verde mine.
deinonstnition in iKiut is their recent
K-ijuisitioM of the mining holdings at
Jerome of the lite i. W Huil. for
which they pr.iil $l.("H.0"0 The
ground owne! by the Jero re Victor
Kxtension company wouid aild appre
ciably to the value aii.l -xrent of the
rnitd Verde Company's boHir.es. In
addition it would tive the litter ac
cess by ay of the Victor Exten
sion's 3-Potupartment. K'l'O-foot shaft,
and the long drive therefrom, to the
ore recently en our.t- red in T'nited
Verde i round near the site of the old
Clark sn elter. Repoit has it the dip
of this ore body enrrirs it info Victor
Extension territory, a condition which
would add value to the Extension
pioperty as aa I'nited Verd asset.
Arkansas & Arizcna
The lecent abatement of the smoke
nuisance in the workings of the Ar
kansas L Arizona company at Jcrom
permits the workinc of three shifts of
miners on the lfiNVfoot level, t'ntil
recently only two shifts were employ
ed ther. A l-inrh ir line in ifc
shaft, snd l?-inch lines in all of the
drifts and crosscuts, have periected
ventilation and tai-ilitnied mining op
erations. As a ref'ilt. the east and
west crosscuts on the ISP-foot level
sre being aivanred very np!d!y to
(Continued on Tae Sis) TWO
THE B1SBEE DAILY REViEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 4, 1917.
INSPIRATION POWER
HOUSE TO BE ADDED
TO jN NEAR FUTURE
Big Plant at Miami Will Re
ceive Additional Equipment
to Handle Big Increase of
Work Contemplated.
GLOBE. March 3. At the power
plant, which is jointly owned by the
International Smeiting. and Inspira
tion companies, preparations are un
der way for the installation of addi
tional equipment. The addition is j
made necessary by the increasing
'magnitude of the smelter operations,,
.which are now considerably in excess!
of the originally estimated volume of i
business that governed the design of i
the smelting plant. The present needs ,
at the power plant is for an increase '
in the blowing machinery which sup- j
. plies the pressure air for converting i
operations. The plant is at present !
equipped with three large nordber?;
blowing engines but. these are insuf- ,
ficient to maintain the required de
livery and at the same time .provide a
reserve engine. The three 6('0i'-KV
generators are driven by means of
steam turbines, are ample for supply-,
ing til the electrical power that is at
present required, and this generating;
capacity no doubt leaves plenty of
Wway for future extension of opera-:
tions.
Kxtensions are planned for
j
the ;
coarse ore bins which serve the smel
ter crushing plant, the extension be
ing made on the end of the bins fac
ing the smelter office building. It will
not be long now before the smelter '
will be handling a still further aug-.
mented supply of concentrate by rea-'
son of the operation of the 19th and
20th mill sections which, however.
are not yet in commission
The ne-
cessary material for the equipment of ;
these two sections is all on the i
"Inside" fafarmatieii About Eczema
"Washing the skin, .rubbing salves
and lotions on it, will not cure your
Eczema. You may temporarily relieve
the constant itching, but if you want
to get at the seat of the trouble, you
must purify your blood.
Infected blood is dangerous, and
when the watery sores and pimples
appear, you should lose no time in
procuring a bottle of S. S. S.
This great remedy, which v-as dis
covered over fifty years azo. will wash
YOUR MINING
MACHINERY NEEDS
Put Them
close by. Our service is prompt anfl satisfac
e ar
tory. Our stock of mining equipment is large and the
best there is. Our engineers are trained, experienced
men they can. help you figure and plan your require
ments intelligently. And
OUR PRICES ARE RiGHT
Schweitzer Machine Co.
Telephone 7C5:
135 So. Sixth Ave.
Great Verde
Extension '
Copper Company
TREASURY STOCK NOW
30
Capitalized for $750,000.
I he proposed 200 hollow tile house to be built by the
' United Verd Extension" proper, will be but a very
.short dUlancc from Great Verd Extension property.
Jamrs W. I ublxtrd. just resigned as superintendent of
"Dundee Arizona" is one of tiic directors of the Great
Vcrdc Extension Copper Co.
lliis properly adjoins I he United Verde Extension on
the east and is only a few hundred feet from Dundee
Arizona property. This stock is one of the best buys
in the Jerome District.
For further particulars and map of Jerome District
call on or write
A. C Anderson, Rep. for Southern Arizona
In W. N. foWds Red r.slHlc Oiii.e. Muhcim UIJ??..
Bicwoiy Gulch, Uisbec. I 'hone 207.
ICY FLOODS INVADE RUSSIAN CAMP ON
;' " : ' : ?
" oc
A glimpse of the Russian front line in northern France. '
The rigors of the present winter are unsurpassed in the memories of most of the fighting men in fhe trenches
alonjj the battle fronts in France. To the continual falls of snow has been added the most biting cold, a combi
nation that makes progress along Uie fronts almost impossible. In the trencues and at the various camps floods
have become so common that the men are wearing especially made boots' and often keep watch in a foot of icy
ground ready for installation, but the i
ivorL- nf nutting tht KPrtimiK intn ni
oration is rendered 6low and com-
plex on account of the necessity of I
I cutting them in without causing the
i loss of any running time in the rest
of the plant. It so happens that the
blowing engines, whicii furau-u the
low pressure air for pneumatic agita
tion in the flotation cells, are located
squarely on the site of one of the new
sections, and in the rexoval of this
machinery to i(s new foundations
out and strengthen your blood, and
the annoying and disfiguring erup
tions of the skin will disappear, and
you will soon feel healthy and vig
orous again.
S. S. S. being purely vegetable, is
, , j , I
entirely free from all "dope" and'
drugs; get it at your druggist's and I
insist upon the genuine. For free, !
expert advice, write to our Medical'
t r r. -i?' i- oni 1
Department, Swift Specific Co.,
307 m
Swift Building. Atlanta. Ga.
Up To:Us
Tucson, Arizona.
Share
there must be no break in the contin-,
iiitv nf the air sitnnlv. To meet the;
increased (jemand for ore at the mill, j
mining operations will of course have j
to be speeded up correspondingly.
but this proceedure will not entail j
-"uch difficulty as the mine is in such i
shape that the additional amount or
ore can easily be extracted. Dividing
the increase among the present num
ber of stoping areas will add but r
small percentage to the daily quotr
of each area. Nevertheless when run
ning at increased speed there w-ill not
be the same number of Sunday lay
offs for the mine as there has been
heretofore. During the past severa'
months the mine ha9 been shut dowr
every other Sunday, and sometimes
oftener, on account of an accumula
tion of ore in storaee in the railroad
bins caused by the daily excess of ore
hoisted over ore treated. Today
February 25th. the mine and coarse
crushing plant are closed down ex-
cry I 1UI lilt- ruinujiucoi i - - "
t repair-work that cannot ordinarily
De performed during days of norm?'
operation.
Some double tracking work is be-
ini? netfnrnied at the annToach to the
btti level station m ine main ejis-
J shaft. When this work is completer"
3 trains each, consisting of one 10-tor
loco motive and twenty 5-tcn cars car
easily he simultaneously accommodat
ed in the station without their inter
feri;is with one another's operation at
ilh As soon as this widening has
!been completed the approach to thf
station at the main west shaft will b
similarly treated in mining large ton
I nages as at the Inspiration property
j the factor of underground haulage as
j sunied considerable pioportions in
pciat of importance.
TRENCHING NEAR '
HERE SUCCESSFUL
j Continued From Pace On.)
I veinlets show copper sulphides anc
carbonates in some amount.
The central part of the hill does no
show the amount of niineralizatior
that is found at the ends because th'
beds exposed are higher; the fowe"
beds exposed on the southern slope:
are barren, and apparently separatee
froru the copper showings by smal'
breaks and Mlk'ified zones.
J Conclusions
I The copper showings here seen ar
the only oues, to my knowledge, ir
these formations in this part of the
j M'ilo P'ountains. and their preseaci
; in these very favorable limestone:
i cotipM w ith silicification. which hac
j been found to be a favorable indicj
1 1 ion iu the Warren PitriH. warrant;
jthe conclusion that ore deposes an
i to be expected underneath.
The ore deposits found far aa:
i f.TWi Sacramento Hill, in the Warrer
Tir,t.rict, are found in tiine:.fone.s tha
show very little, of the proximity ol
jre awry from the ore bodies them
selves. Away from the main con
tacts, the favorable limestones are al
so mure apt to be the lower ones. It
is to be expected, then, that on th
ground under consideration, the Cam
trian (Abrigo) formation, under th
Devonian would be just as favorabl
or more so than the Devonian for the
finding of copper ore.
Recommendations
Churn drilling as a method of pros
peeling is recommended here becaus'
it will afford several vertical sectiont
of the formations and as the ores ir
this region arc apt to be of far great
'r horizontal than vertical extent. th
chances of finding either oro or tbr
mineralized horuon arc better than
with a single iluft. ajid dtiftiuc
Churn drilling Is believed to be feasi
ble and not too expensive. If au ore
or mineralised horizon is found, de
vcliipiiietil operations run be pm:e
rut. i with iii toi ma l iii lias in tlj- lcs:
level to work mi. Churn drill holei
should be put down to the north 01
.'he M-st iinil east ends of Hie hill or
llie.-e cliiims. and should llirn'igl
the Devonian and part way into the
Cii'ubriau. admit Tim feet. deep, oinei
Imles should tct-t the formations undel
t'le wusl'. north and south of the hill
TU- second recoinuieiidatimi to b
irade is that the bivJs of Devonian
lime tone with dis.semiuatcd caibou
ates and sulphide of copper be care
fnl'y rumpled, and trenches put in
to see if there is not iome one lied
wi'.isc copp'T content will i)e sulliricir
to jiebl n pnilil is sliipp' il. Th -re i:
utimI prol'.iliiliiy that :-ucli a bed will
ie Iomiuj.
Y. S r.OMU.A.
l;i. bec lb. U. 11'17.
THE FRENCH FRONT
SHANNON COMPANY IS
ACTIVELY WORKING AT
PINAL COUNTY MINES
it. "vi i i
Mia ana UKianoma oroupsi
of Mines, Located in the
Mineral Hill Section, Re
ceiving: "Once Over'.
FLORENCE. March 3. A recent
'rip to the old Alta and Oklahoma
Troups of mining claims located in
the Mineral Hill mining district,
eighteen miles northeast of Florence
Msclosed the fact that, while not
nuch is being said about these prop
erties, it is a very busy camp.- These
iroperties were recently sold to the
Shannon Copper company of Clifton
'or a sum said rf be jbove $400,000,
nd development work is now going
in under the personal superintenden--y
of Mr. T. Leland. a capable mining
'ngineer who has been connected
company
vith the Shannon Copper
'or a number of years.
The mine su-
lerintendeot is M,r. Patrick C. O'Neil,
i mining man of exceptional ability,
if Butte, Montana, who is accredited
vith having made the famous Ar.acon
1a. Both Mr. Lelnnd and Mr. O'Neil
ire very enthusiastic over the im-
... : v : i : : r . .. , . J
lH.B.u..u.cS u. liie a..u
Oklahoma groups of highly mineral-
7ed territory; and well they may be, i
or these certainly bear every indicd-
ion of developing into a nrh procuc
'ng mine.
Eight years ago" G. W. Griffey and
issociates took over the Alta proper
v and during thnt time practically
ill the work that has been done on
his group was performed under Col.
"Sriffey's direction.
Since taking over this property the
Shannon Copper company has made
iany improvements necessary to car
ry on the work conveniently and sys
ematically. Eight r.ew bunk houses
'ave been erected at the Alta caTnp,
ach sufficiently large for four men.
Vn office building has also been put
'P and is connected with the hoist
nd works about a mile distant by
"lephone. An addition has been
lade to the mess house, etc. At the
'loist, where a shaft is down 190 feet
oc-kers, change-room and bath have
een provided for the men, and other
uproveincDis are going s'eaaity oa. i
gooa roan connects the Alta group
'itli the Oklahoma group, and on the
"vo groups about, forty nu n arc work
'ig three shifts.
There are eighty-t wo claims cmbod
?d in the Sliannen property. Forty
ive in the Alta or Arizona State,
wcuty-six iu the Griffey Schwartz,
Vee in the Alta Central. a?d cue
nown as the Red Top.
ThH general character or the locali-
v is schist and t'iahase with distinct j
inoral ledges running parallel north I
nd south across the properties, all
howing rich impregnation of copper j
nd other minerals such as azurite. '
ornite. gVna. chalcopyrite. copper i
lance, gold, silver and lead. Aside j
'oiii the .'haft on the Black Copper. I
''hich is down 190 feet and where the j
"'ain work is now being performed.
nd numerous snaller shafts and cuts
here are two 0o foot tunnels on the ; salts occasiona'.lv, savs a noted au
roperty both of which are in pay ore thority who tells us that meat form? i
or their entire lenv'thr From this I , atid which a;iuost paralyzcs tn.
' '"'" y 6"- ;
rr na ufu ruinprri in lime? paii,
-.i k JJ... -A
he Alta group, the Ute Thomas F.
-Vcedio and associates shipped a
rge quantity of lead and silver ore
f high grad With modern irininp
nethod. there is every reasop to be-
tove that. thi; sroup of claiuis will be
v. v.. ,. ,.11.- ' iiiv UKf-rji iv
'ucers in this part of the state. ;
Oil the Oklahoma troiip. which a:-
"ormerly the property of the Bi-ards.
new machinery has lieen iiistnllcd Plid
he eiui:paiiy i.x aboitt ready to open
in I In- old shaft hjrh is down about
"0 f"i t on a siher vein. One liim
Ired feet distant is a se eniy-foot
1'iaft down on a copper ledue and at
'.he. ." foot level a drift to the north
''as been run about feet from
vhie'i line sample of copper or- are
Virs taken.
- Despondency Due to Constipation.
Women often become nervous and
despondent. When this is due to con
stipation it is easily corrected by I H t:
inr Hll oeciisiou.-il dose of f'luimlier
Iain's Tahl'-ts. These t:illcts are ra.-y
to take and pleasant in, effect. .d-
vcitiscmt ut.
IRON KING GROUP
! MAY CHANGE HANDS
Deal Said to Have Been Closed
Where Old Property Will
Be Developed.
PRESCOTT. March 3. An option
deal which was closed several days
ago made it probable that the Ii'jn
King group of mines owned by the
American Copper and Gold company,
will soon pass into hands that will
'revive this early-day holding.- The
j transaction was closed by S. K. Tren-
i gove, who was formerly superintend
I ent of the Blue Bell of the Consolidat
ed Arizona Smelting Co., and later
general manager of the American at
Iron King.
j Those who are representing Eastern
capital in this important deal are
; James E. Baker and George L. Gros
j venor, both of whom are in the city
What plan of operating is to be car
' ried out was n'ot given publicly, but
it is believed that the main working!
base will be to the south of original '
shafts n-hera InHirntinntt are nrn-I
notinced excellent for solving another
I big proposition. The incoming own
lers have a decidedly attractive out
I look for operating on an economical
basis, all necessary machinery for
large development being on the
ground, and accommodations for a big
force ready. Other advantages are
that the Humboldt smelter is distant
less man one mile, wtiiie uie ratiroac
passes through the heart of the big
group.
Deep development of the Iron King
has every indication of determining
another Blue Bell, is the belief ol
many practical miners who are con-
SAYS WE BECOME
CRANKS ON HOT
WATER DRINKING
Hope3 every man and woman adopts
this splendid morn
ing habit.
Why is man and woman, half th
time, feeling nen'jus, despondent.
worried: some days headachy, dul:
and unstrung; seme days really in
capacitated by illness.
If we all would practice inside-bath
ing, what a gratifying change would
take place. Instead of thousands ot
half-sick, anaemic-locking souls wit!
pasty, muddy complexions we shoulr
! see crowds of happy, healthy, rosy
(cheecked people everywhere. The rea-
json is that the human system d'jes not
! rid itself each dav of all the waste
which it accinnula'.es under the pres
ent mode of living. For every ounce
of food and drink taken into the sys
tem nearly an ounce of waste material
fce carried out e3e it fe
. . , ,,:.,,.. ,.,f.no
rments
ptomain-like p'jisons which
i are absorbed into the bPjod.
Just as necessary i is to clean
the a-hes from the furnace each day.
before the tire will burn bright and
hot, so we must each morning clear
the inside organs of the previous day's
accumulation of indigestible waste and
body toxins. Men and women, whether
sick or well, are advised to drink
each morning, before breakfast, a
glass of real hot water with a tea
spoonful of limestone phosphate ill it.
as a harmless means of washing out
jof the stomach, liver, kidneys and
bowels the indigestible material,
waste; sour bile and toxins; thus
cleansing, sweetening and purifying
the entire alimentary canal before put
ting more food info the stomach.
Millions of people who had their
turn at constipation, bilious attacks,
acid stomach, nervous days and sleep
less nights have become real cranks
about
the morning inside-bath. A
i quarter pound of limestone phosphate
i will n'ot cost much at the drug store,
but is sufficient to demonstrate to
anyone, its cleansing, sweetening and
freshening ePect upon the system.
(Advertisement)
MEAT CAUSE OF
KIDNEY TROUBLE
Take a glass of Salts if your
Back hurts or Bladder
bothers Meat forms '
uric acid.
If you must have your meat ever) i
;day. eat it. but flush your kidneys with
kidneys in their efforts to expel it
expel
- . ,
from the bl'jod
They become sluggitt
and weaken, then you suffer with 4 -
QUU mlsc la lne "luney region, snarp
Pa!ns ,n the back Bilk headache,
dizziness, your stomach sours, tongue
is coated and when the weather is bai1
'ou have rheumatic twinges. The -
UlllIC t.D lliU'l, lllll Ul bi.U lUiUIl i, LUC
channels often pet sore and irritated.
nhlicinir von to seek- relief tu or
three times during tin night.
To neutralize these irritating acids,
to cb-HTise the kiducH and flush of!
the body's urinous waste get four
ounces of Jad Suits from any pharma
cy here; take a tablcspoonful in a
?lass of water before breakfast f.ir
a few days and our kidneys will th U
act line. This famous salts is made
from the acid of grapes and lemcD
juice, combined vy itb lithia. and has
becu used for generations to lltish and
stimulate sluggish kidneys, also to
neutralize the adds in urine, so it no
longer irritates, lints ci'.diug bladder
ni'aVii'..
.fiul S.ilts is ittcpeiiie: annul in
jure, and makes a delightful cileries ,
1 cut litlita VaU-r Ut ink.
vcrsant with mineralogical conditions
prevailing in both, considering the
depth reached on the Iron King when
it suspended many years ago.
ST. LI
INTERESTED i!i AIE
' (Continued From Pa.se One)
to be erected, the contract for which
will be let in a few days. Certain
grades of ore will be milled and that
from zones from which the high grade
has been determined recently will be
shipped. '
Since taking over the Union under
a bond a few months ago, Mr. Locey
has carried out a system of explora
tion that has resulted in the detet
minatron of a surprising character,
and which are substantiated irmarft
test rumj made by the mill. The new
arrangement by which the Union
passes into strong hands, makes the
heirs of John S. Jones particularly
pleased over the satisfactory culmina
tion of the affairs of this property.
TURN HAIR DARK
WITH SAGE TEA
Grandma kept her locks dark,
glossy and youthful with a
simple mixture of Sage
Tea and Sulphur.
The old-time mixture of Sage Tea
and Sulphur for darkening gray,
.treaked and faded hair is grandmoth
er's recipe, and folks are .again using
it to kep their hair a good, even
:olor, which is quite sensible, as we
are living in an age when a youtlfful
appearance is of the greatest advant
age. Nowadays, though, we don't have
-ae troublesome task Vf gathering the
age and the mussy mixing at home.
li drug stores sell the ready-to-use
product, improved by the addition of
jiher ingredients, called "Wyeth's
Sage and Sulphur Comp'ound" for
about 50 cents a buttle. It is very
popular because nobody can discover
.t has been applied. Simply m'jisten
your comb or a soft brush with it and
lrawthis through your hair, taking
one small strand at a time; by morn
ing the gray hair disappears, but
hat delights the ladies with Wyeth's
Sage and Sulphur Compound, is that,
jesides beautifully darkening the hair
after a few applications, it also pro
luces that soft lustre and appearance
jf abundance which is so attractive.
This ready-to-use preparation is a
delightful t'Jilet requisite for those
who desire a more youthful appear
ance. It is not intended for the cure,
mitigation or prevention of disease.
(Advertisement)
Our Want Adds Bring Resulta
Watkins & Bergquist
Quality Jewelers
Tha Best Opticians
- a-iTTT-j.-TT-c-a-:-t
The HALLMv rK"
-
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best ot everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 50c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$ 1 0 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet. ,
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL MARKS. Mgr.
LOWELL
J. B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD -GROCER
Phone 29.
EYE NERVE GLASSES
Permanently locatec
in Bisbee, except
Mondays in Douglas
Room 1. Maze
' Building.
OR. R. GLAZE, Neurologist.
Phone '156.
O. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulanct
KJEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
HEINO&KEANE
Cleaning, Pressing and Re
pairing $1.25 a Suit
Suits from $25 to $55.
All work done on the premises
by Union Tailors.
Phone 677, Johnson Addition.
CHICHESTER S PILtS
"Tv-N I A.- tmur Vra7ctM fa .
JjfCS HI. U. l . l t- M .- (V
t-J Mi i-J j..e . y
VhJ T.ke MkK R f 7Mr V
IL
l'rr- A .l'IIJJ UI .TrH
SOLD PY iiiHriTS ElFRYKNFRf
..x g-r. r-j
ITS PAINT
that we wi.-U t- call your atten
tion to at this writir.3 paint
that is prc,tty in effect, durable
and sun proof. We furnish it iu
any quantity or in standard sue
t ans ready for use in a moment.
Of course we have everything
that koos with paint said
paper, putty. Oil, driers, brushes,
etc. We guarantee all our work
and fharge moderately for our
services.
Company.
CAR STOP.
PHONE 25. THREE
society
SOCIAL CALENDAR Mrs. Holcomb entertained fourteen
Monday, Musical Club. Mar. 5. quests at the Country Club at bridge
Woman's League, Mar. 7. The decorations were pink and white
Round Dozen, Mrs. M. I.. Butler, 'and t-hickoii salad, olives, hot roll.
March 14 f ; ice cream, cake and coffee were serv-
Baptist Sunday School, Mrs. W. H.
Cooper, March 9.
Baptist Aid, Mrs. Hilton, March 8.
Soiree Club, Mrs. It. O. Linden,
March 9. 1 1
Dorcas Club, Mrs. T. E. Houston,
March 17.
Woman's League. Mrs. C. S. Thomp
son, March 7.
ed.
Mrs. Henry Hollis entertained at
bridge In honor of Miss Kathryn Hipp
of Houston.; Texas, at her home in
Warren Saturday afternoon.
The officers of the Arizona Infantry
and their women friends entertaitir-d
. Country Club Cabaret Dinner Dance with an informal party at the pavil
Marcta 7. : len Saturday evening.
St. John's. Guild, Mrs. Rossick. Mar. j
. I Mr. and Mrs. Charles Hear left yes-
V. W. C. A Bible Class, March 5. 'torday for California where they will
Huachuca Club Dance,. Country Club! visit for some time
March 9. i
Y. W. C. A. At Home. March 7. j Miss Lottie McK.ee will leave next
Twentieth Century Club Better Ea- week for California where she will
by Contest, March 15-19. pass the spring and summer.
Woman's Club, March 9. Current J .
Events.
NEW SPRING HATS! HERE'S A CHOICE VOll ANY WOMAN
The Methodist Aid was entertained
hm.- - tv.....,. r.... i.,Kiby Mrs. Leonard Warmington Thurs-
issued invitations for a Cabaret Din- ;
ner Dance to be held the evening of
March 7. During the dinner a num-1
ber of entertainers froni El Paso, j
Tucson and Los Angeles will appear, i
also three entertainers from New
York who will be in the District at
the time. Messrs Burgess and Huck
waiter deserve commendation for this
entertainment, which Is the first of
its kind to be given in the city. Ros
coe Arbuckle was invited but was
compelled to refuse on account of a
number of comedies' which he is stag
ing, that require his presence.
Dancing will be "at random." and
the reservations must be In by Mon
day, to Secretary I. F. Burgess.
Going Through Bishee
Shops I Noticed That-"
r
A chu ki-il .sori ci at or lng motor
coat la smart .
No w-.men V. hive an excuse (
Wearing an unbecoming hat, fi .r ban
are of evciv size and shape; britin
; ftre hirgi-r. iruun-; !ir hig'itr, and
j trimiiiinn-i an- truly surprising.
I To say that many of our afternoon
hats are of the garden variety would I. Paris lias said that Ipng coats and
be misleading, but it is true that large , Separate dresses will be popular this
Barrel outlines und normal waist
linen are always sign ,f spring.
quanti
i in;r.
ties of gard'-n hais are appear-
Four of a kind wouldn't you stack your pile on these? ou may clioose tiie Mack hat cmiToHere.l in
soulaclie and on the wind, or the black fac picture hat bound in satin with straw crown n.l ofi'-i.ho.it i:i th'
way of a feather fantasy, or acuin the gray crepe embroidered in green leads, or still atrain 'he 1-ro.vn str::v
t.at fared in satin liristlinj witli brown quilis all Bluebird hats from Sm'.-lin.
Mm. Charles Bailey was hote99 to
the Round Dozen club at her home
Wednesday afternoon. Th- guests
enjoyed sewing and were soived with '
day, the regular meeting day for the "
A :a Tl, ..r, o -Ith case. 1 in- nuri
niUsicale numbers by Mrs.' Priu-hard
Sandwiches and chocolate were serv
ed to twenty-five members. The Aid
will adjourn after the union services
which will be held next week.
Dr. and Mrs. Guy Fitzgerald enter
tained their friends with a dancing
party at the Country Club Friday
evening. The club was decorated in
red and white flowers and silk flags.
Fruit punch was served to the danc
ers and at midnight chicken a la
king,- shrimp salad, sandwiches,
k olives, coffee and cake were served
to eighty guests.
The Soiree Club will meet with Mrs
R. G. Linden .at Warren instead of
Mrs. Ccas. Bear, March 9.
Mrs. F. E. Bennett entertained the
St. John's Guild at her home Thurs
day afternoon. The guests passed a
pleasant afternoon, and cake, tea and
coffee were served to Mesdames Ros
sick, Bynn. Bowker, John. Vonk,
Fruitf, Treu and Shine.
Mrs. S. P. Appiewaite of Douglas
entertained a party of sixteen at
lunch at the Country Club Wednes
day. Mr. W. J. Graves, a dancing mas
ter who comes to Bisbee well recom
mended from New York, will hold an
afternoon's entertainment for the chil
dren at the Woman's Club Saturday.-
Mrs. Branaman.was hostess to the
Missionary Circle of the Baptist
church Thursday afternoon. The
guests heard reports on the work
done and the results of their mission
aries, and were served with delicious
cake and coffee.
The Churches
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE SOCIETY j
of Bisbee holds services in Odd Fel-1
lows Hal! at 11:00 a. m. The public
is welcome and invited to attend.
Subject for Sunday, March 4. "Christ1
Jesus."
E. Hicks, C. W. Ruth, Jack Harris,
Frank Duval, M. L. Butler, Charles
Bear and C. W. Allen. The next host
ess will be Mrs. L L, Butler March
14.
The Dorcas Club was entertained
by Mrs. C. C. Mitchell at her home on ST, JOHN'S EPISCOPAL CHURCH
Quality Hill Thursday afternoon. Sew Sunday School 9:45 a, in. Holy
ing and conversation were enjoyed Communion 11 a. tn. Thursday choir
and Neapolitan salad, whipped cream. J practice.
devil cake, chocolate cake and fruit
ed or Loct?" 12:lK Communion.
6:45 Jun. & Sen. li. Y. P. V.
preaching, subj. "What do You
Think?" Business meeting following
evening service. Bring your friends
and enjoy the services with us. ,
F. M. PITMAN.
Will Never Be Without
This SimpleLaxativ .
DR. CALDWELL'S SYRUP PEPSIN
RELIEVED HER BABY WHEN j
NOTHING ELSE WOULD.
I
Little Max Pendergrast is now four j
years old. and a fine healthy tjy. j
When but a tiny baby, in fact almost ;
fro.o birth, he suffered a great deal ;
from constipation. His mother, Mrs.
! Carl W. Pendergrast. Red Key. lad.,
heard of Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin,
obtained a bottle of it from the drug
store, and with it was able to quickly
correct this condition.
i Mrs. Pendergrast says Dr. Caldwell's
' Syrup Pepsin has saved them from
calling the d'jetor many times, and
, thiit she will never be without a bot
tle of it in the house to use when j
' needed. She found it equally effective I
as a laxative for herself and other I
members of the family. To avoid imitations and Ineffective
Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is 2 ! tubstitutes be sure to ask for Dr. Cald
combination of simple laxative herbs well's Syrup Pepsin. See that a fac
with pepsin, pleasant to the taste, mild j simile of Dr. Caldwell's signature and
in action and positive in effect It j his portrait appear on the yellow car
does not grip or strain, and contains ' ton in which the bottle is packed. A
,i '',1 '
cake, coffee and tea were served to
Mesdames C. H. Hunt, Frank Butler,
Frank Sinclair, Tlbert Sheetz, Lloyd
A. B. Richardson, Drury, J. P. Hodg
son, Hillman, Marshall, Buck. Mc
Laughlin. A. Sinclair, Frazier and
Miss Hipp.
The monthly vesper services at the
Y. W. C. A. were greatly enjoyed by
the sixty guests who attended. The
afternoon was the closing of the week
of national singing and he following
program, under the leadership of Miss
Sallie McCall was greatly enjoyed:
Piano selection. Mrs. Frank P. But
ler; Duet, Mrs. W. P. Sims and Mrs.
J. P. Williamson; Violin solo, Mr. J.
B. Berlidis; Quartette, Mrs. W. P.
Sims, Mrs. J. P. Williamson, Mr. J.
P. Williamson and Mr. E. L. Blairi
Story, Reverend Dr. Harshman; Solo,
Miss Marguerite Watson; Quartette,
Messrs. Williamson, Blair, Tuell and
Hooper. The Christian Ladies were
hostesses for the afternoon and sand
wiches and coffee were served to the
guests.
The secdnd dance of the Huachuca
Club will be given at the Country
riub the evening of March 9.
Invitations have been issued for .a
dancing party given by the Order of
i Amaranth at the Country Club March
Lenten Services Wednesday, 4:30
p. m. Friday 7:30 p. m.
H. S BREWSTER, Rector.
SPANISH SERVICES
Sunday School 9:30 a. m. at Volun
teers of America Hall O. K. St.
Preaching service Wednesday 7:30
p. m. Preaching at Presbyterian
church Sunday 4:00 p. tn. Christian
Endeavor Sunday 7:30 p. m. Topic
Service Jas. 1:19 27 A cordial wel
come to all.
R. AVILA.
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH
9:45 S. S.. E. M. Howard,
11:00 preaching., subj. "Are You Sav
CHURCH OF ESEM3LES OF GOD
Sunday at 3:00 p. m. and 7:30 p. in.
Wednesday prayer meeting at 8:00 p.
m. We preach the full Gospel. Ev
erybody invited. Hall on Naco Road.
JOHN EITING. Pastor.
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
Sunday School at 9:45 a. m. . Offer
ing for Missions.
Christian Endeavor at 6:45 p. m.
Topic: "Service" James 1:19"".
Consecration meeting. Offering for
Missions and for the local work of
the society. Leader Miss MLntlt r.
Public worship at 11 a. ni. and at
7:45 p. m. with sermons by the pas
tor. Remember the onering for the
work of the boards of the church..
Women's League with Mrs. C. S.
Thompson, Wednesday at 2:30 p. m.
Union prayer meeting Monday at
7:30 p. m.
Union Evangelistic meetings under
j the leadership of Hart and Magann
SUpt ltalu uitJ ni i.av p. in. uuu ..iu i. in.
Dcginning J uesuay tne ttn.
JOHN E. FRY, Pastor.
spring the coats are among us.
Often a child's frock differs only
from the grown-ups in the number of
inches, and the Utile miss early in
life is introduced to the chemise
frock.
. L
There is a continued popularity o?
the rhelline blouse.
The apron of u nVsh-colored Geor
gette cotlcs well betow the kaee and
Ia oriiarm att-d wiili cpraya of white
The Pari .leniir at this moment is 1 beads a piMsnnt's blouse finishes thi
wearing straight lines, yet there Is a , top. and a pretty sasti ties loosely
i The veils are more elaboiate than
lever this season. The lair has a lot
i of beautiful i!h-s, embroidered in
I birds, gold win at. yam li-.vr and I
! Chinese tieur. s.
"Tli.
(lowers thiit Mount in the
spring" are flourishifis oli many of
lhr crowns of spring huts.
protest auainst too iiiUih drapery.
Jewf ied pins for coiffures advance
in popularity.
A gun metal cloth gown was adorn
ed with a red rose, and the wearer
carried a red ostrkhe fan.
Since dresses are wide-sided, hats
may be expec ted to follow their steps.
about Uie waist.
The spring suit may be known both
by the length and fullness of th
coats and the narrowness of the
skirts.
Just as if there was no such thing
as the barrel silhouette, the dresses
of the spring go their way along
straight narrow lines.
A tiny hat of French flowers topped
with a saucy bow. a model for snring,
is made of light and dark blue for-get-me-nots
and a delft blue taffeta bow.
no opiate or narcotic drug. It is th:
ideal family laxative, mild and pleas
ant for baby, yet acting quickly on
the strongest constitution.
. I
trial bottle, free of charge, can be
obtained by writing to Dr. W. B. Cald
well, 455 Washington St., Monticello,
Illinois.
Amazing Power of Bon-Opto
To Make Weak Eyes Strong
Doctor Says It Strengthens
Eyesight 50 per cent in One
Week's Time in Many Instances
A Fre Prescription You Can Have
Filled and Ue t Home
Victims f eve str:i in and ether eye
weiikufssi-s uud those who wear glasses.
Will be glad to know that nccorUing In
Ir. Ijewis there is real liuie mid help fur
theni. Mutiy whew even wen fiiilit'g ku.v
they have bad llirir even re-.-toril by this
remnrk.'ihle itrrw rintiiu mid iiihiiv who
once wore ghiH-e nay they have thrown t
them nwny. ee man nays, after using
it: "I was almost Mind, ('mild not see
to resd at. all. Now I hi read every
thing without my glave. and my eye do
not hurt any more. At itijrht they "would
pain dreadfully. V th.-y feel line all
The time It w.i like it miracle to me."
A lady who used it s-iys: "The atmos
phere seemed hiy with or without
glasse. but after using thif preseription
for fifteen days rveiyiini siias elenr
I can read even line jirint without
glasses." Another who used it says: "I
was bothered with eye strain caused by
overworked, tired eye, whieh induced
fierce headaches. I have worn jrlusses for
several years. tv,th for ciNtani-c ::nd work,
and without th.-m I could nt r-ad my
own name on au crivol.ipe or the type
writing on the machine hrf..;i pi". I
can do both now and h.r d'':trdd my
long distance gin i:!f..get!ir. I ran
count the Unttcrintr icnvs ..n the tre.-;
across the street n- whMi f .r several
rears hnro looked lj! : a iiru gr"eu hh'.r
to me I cannot expr.': my joy at vlint
it has done for me.
It is believed that thousands who wear
glrn-se cn now discard th"m in a reason-
able time and multitudes more will be
able In arronirrhan thai. K '
spared the trouble mid expense of ever Welfare Week will cloBe Tuesday
If..
The Y. W. C. A. has announced Its
intention of extending weekly invita
tions for an '"at home" which will be
held from two until four on Wednes
days. A musical program has been
arranged, and members and strangers
to the District are invited to attend
and become acquainted. Tea will be.
3erved at four o'clock.
.
The program of the literary depart
ment of the Womans Club which wns
held Friday afternoon, was under the
direction of Mrs. S. Frankenberg and
Mrs. Frances Cummings. the subject
being "James Whitcomb Riley." Mrs.
Teufert gave several readings from
the Hoosier Poet and Mrs. S. H. Kyle
read a paper on his life. Miss Lottie
McKee entertained with several vocal
selections and the hostesses, Mes
dames Fred Juliff and Hawley, served
tea and cake to the members.
Twentieth Century Club
The regular-meeting will be held at
the Y. M. C. A. Tuesday. March 6,
following the meeting of the Civic de
partment, which will be held at 1:30
All members are urged to attend as
there Is business of Importance.
The enrollment for the Better Ba-
OOIWOI OOIN&o GONE 111
WHENEVER I see the word
YCLEPT IN print I want to
PULL SOMEBODY'S hair. I
DON'T BELIEVE in using the
DICTIONARY AS a
STUMBLING BLOCK for the
FOLKS AT home or elsewhere.
I HEARD a woman say
"I USE a preparation.
YCLEPT HERPIdDE.-
HER HAIR was really beautiful
BUT, HER language
MADE ME sick.
Tours for beautiful hair.
BISBEE SUBURBS
WARREN S. School 10:U0 a. m.
SO. BISBEE S. School 3:00 p. m
Preaching 7:30 p. m. C. E. Tuesday
7:30 p. m.
LOWELL S. School 10:00 a. m.
DON LUIS S. School 10:3i a. m.
Preaching 11:30 a. ni. Don't forget
the big revival meetings In Bisbee
commencing Tuesday at 7:30 p. ni.
J. RHYS EVANS, Minister.
Plans for the construction of a cot
ton compressor at or near Phoenix-
are being considered by the Salt Riv
er Valley Cotton Growers association.
The compressor, it is stated, will cost
in the neighborhood of $50,000 and will
be paid for by the ranchers them
selves. For some years past the prob
lem of sufficiently compressed cotton
- so as to obtain equitable railroad
rates has been a serious problem af
fecting l'jcal cotton growers, and with.
j the expansion of the industry, which
I is now taking place on a large scale.
I the need for a compressor is being
discussed more generally. Hereto
fore cotton shipments from Arizona
have been shipped to Galveston witn
the privilege of stopping in transit for
1 compression.
The afternoon hat or more or less
picturesque type bids for favor.
The new spring dresses are plaids
and Georgette. The Phelps Dodge
store is showing some of the hand
somest spring taffetas anl satins in
plaids and stripes.
Sport clothes end morning clothes
pride themselves in their severity.
The edif t of spring is that evening
gowns musf be full and many of them
hang straight.
A party hat is of horsehair lace.
nd has a crown of pink roses and
streamers of blue.
A dignified aad formal way to ar
range the hair is hit;h. The less for
mal wjy to arrange it is low; giving
the appearance of youth.
Tight marcel waves are extinct
'hose days, and pretty pins are seen
'n every perfectly groomed bead.
PtrST0N.rv
The best of new3 The Fair has re
ceived its first shipment of Khaki
Kool in solid colors. The oyster white
and cream in figures aad motifs will
be here in a few days.
Simplicity is the keynote in frocks
for morning wear.
The silk boots and the rein-skin
boots are finding favor.
lall Stones, Cancer ana "leer of thp
s'tomncb and Intestines. Auto-Intoxl-'ttMon.
Yellow Jaundice. Appendicitis
ind other fatal ailments result from
Stomach. Trouble. Thousands of
Stomal h Sufferers owe their complete
recovery to Mayr's Wonderful Rem
edy. Unlike any other for Stomach
Vilntents. For sate by Fisbee Pmc
fo.. IDwell Drus Co., Lowell. Arizona.
and all other reliable dru.rgista.
IF YOU DON'T SA3E
i Ask Art
PHOTOGRAPH
? of
TOMMY
m
his
NEW SPRING SUIT
Maybe that wouldn't be a
fine EASTER remembrance
f 05 - -Tommy's ' aunts and
uncles and other relatives.
One framed for father's
desk, too.
Dix Studio
Brewery Gulcn
Kodak finishing a specialty
setting glusses. Eye troubles of ni.-iny
descriptions may lie Wimdf-rfidl? benefited
by the use of this prescription at home.
Go to miy netive cling store mid get a
bottle of Iton-I (pto tablets. Drop one
I'on-Opto tablet iu a fourth of glass of
wiifr mid let it dissolve. With this
liquid blithe the eyes two to four times
daily. Yon should notice your eves elenr
up perceptibly right fn.m the sturt. and
iiifl.'inimntion and rwlness will quickly
dintiH'Hr. If your eyes bother you even
1 little it is your ditty tn take steps to
save them now before it is too late.
Many hoiwirnsly hlind might have saved
their sight if they had cared for their
eyes in time.
Note: Another prominent Phv.ician to whom
the nlKiTe mtH'le wns nuhmitted, mid: "Ye-.
Hi.- llonOpto pre rii.tii.n l truly n wonderful
t ve renmly. Its constituent inim-ilk-nts are well
knonn to eminent eve wfw-ciji listn nod widclv
IHVM-rilH-d liv tliem. 1 hxw tiaed it ery w
cewfiiy jn niy own practice on Mtticnts wIiohc
eves were ptrniiM-d throurh overwork or might
i-lcfi-K-s. I run I irhljr recommend ft In cne of
weak, watery, arhin. smnrtinr. itehinir. burn
i'.jr eve. red lil. blurred vision or for eye in
flnmed from exposure to pmnke, fnn. dnt or
iisl. It i one of the Ten- few prefwi ration I
feel should le ket m hand ft remlnr use in
i I'iMHit everv f.nnily." tlrinOpto, lefenvd to
fii.ove. in Dot a tmtent inelteiiie or 11 secret
rM-dv. It is an etiiHil prvimratiun. the for
n nU beinit printed on the packace. rhe mn
iifucrnreni ruarantee it tn atmurthen eyesight
.vi per cent in one wcek'a time in many UiKtaner
or refund the money. It can be obtained from
i. ny emi drurrist and la oid in this city b)
BISBEE DRUG CO. 1
March 6, and all mothers who care to
enroll their babies will phone Mrs.
Dwight Parrish, Green 350.
The club has planned a masquerade
hall which will be held on the even
ing of March 28. at Kagles Hall.
The musical wo era m and the art
Tints which will be on display at the
Silver Tea of the club at the Y. M. C.
A. on March 9 has been arranged and
the club expects large attendance.
The Better Raby Contest will be
held on March 16-19.
The Encrlish class of Mrs. Teufert's
reports an Instructive and interesting
lesson on Tuesday afternocm, and are
making great progress.
The millinery class tinder the direc
tion of Mrs. C. S. Wilson has a laree
"ttendance and is one of the most pop
ular departments of the club. Ths
meetines are held at the. Y, W. C. A..
on Wednesday afternoons. An Inter
esting meeting tinder the direction of
Mrs. ITamp Cochran was held last
Tuesday afternoon and a number of
papers were read on patriotic chsrac-.
ters and events. I
1 WITI GAS
"
THE LITTLE PORTABLE GAS HEATER ENABLES YOU
TO QUICKLY CONVERT THE COLDEST ROOM IN
YOUR HOUSE TO WARMTH AND CHEER IT GIVES
? l.f
Comfort
WHERE YOU WANT IT
WHEN YOU WANT IT
tlr..:- ..
WAX. '
LIGHTS AT THE FLASH OF A MATCH CONNECTS
BY A FLEXIBLE METALLIC TUBE AND CAN BE
EASILY MOVED FROM ONE ROOM TO ANOTHER.
QUICK SAFE CLEAN
Prices $2.75 to $7.00
EE
Bise
rMT on FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 4, 1917.
SPECIAL EXTRA VOTE SCHEDULE. -
For new subscriptions ending Thursday night, March 8th. at Nine
o'clock sharp, after which hour a big reduction will fre made in this
schedule.
"
2 years' subscriptions
1 year subscriptions
6 months' subscriptions
3 months' subscriptions
Note: .The largest vote offer from
Good for
10
Votes.
Vote Coupon
The Bisbee Daily Review
Greater Automobile
For Mrs. or Miss 4
Address-
Not good If deposited! after March 8th. Clip as many of these coupons
coupons as you can and ask your friends to clip them for you.
Coupons must be deposited in flat packages and not rolled. Clip
neatly on border lines.
.CLIP ON BLACK BORDERS.
SMELTER APPEARS TO
BE CERTAIN IN NORTH
Announcement Is
Fvrvrfl
Within 30 Days That Syn
dicate Will Start Work.
PRESCOTT, March' 3. Those in
close touch with ' G. G. Lemons and
other Englishmen of large means who
are behind the new smelter undertak
ing for Prescott, are optimistic over
this movement. It was learned yes
terday that inside of 30 days announce
ment will be made by which there will
be a full realization of the project
The exigencies of war have prevented
Mr. Lemons and the other English-
GERMAN PRINCE
IS AIR FIGHTER
V
Prince Frederick Kar.
According to German official re
ports, one of the most .successful air
fighters with the arm its ot the
ksiser is Prince Frederick Kai sec-
one! son of Princa Frederick Leopold
of Piustia Prince Kar 13 stationed
on the'Somme front and iu. taken
tiart in numerous raids on the French
mid Hrtish positions.
PIN THIS UPON
WIFE'S DRESSER
Warns women against cutting
corns and says they lift '
right out.
Because style decrees that women
ci'jwd and buckle up their tender toes
In high heel footwear they suffer from
corns, then they cut and trim at these
painful pests which merely makes the
corn grow hard. This suicidal habit
may cause lockjaw and women are
warned to stop it.
A few drops of a drug called freez
one applied directly upon a sore corn
gives quick relief and soon the entire
corn, I'oot and all, lifts out without
pain. Ask tbc drug store man for a
quarter of an ounce of freczone, which
costs very little but is sufficient to re
Diove every hard or soft corn or callus
from one's feet.
This drug is gummy but it dries iti
a moment and simply shrivels up the
corn without inflaming Vir ever irri
tating the surrounding tissue or skin.
(Advertisement"
Vit
olox
"I was raised iti (lie South, subject
to malarial conditions all my life.
During my sixty odd years I hae
probably takeu a turret of medicine.
Some time ago I got u dollar bottle
of Vitolox, aii'l I must say this remedy
setiis Jo lake inor.- poison from tin
tiy?.in Mian atiylliing Lever fooV. I
liave gained sereral pounds ami feel
like a new man."
J. G. CANNON.
McGPFFIN AVE..
EL PASO, TfcX.
i Bottles will cure any case of inus
i-ular or Inflammatory rheumatism
tijltl uu a fciiiliU'.--'. .
New. Renewal.
20,000 8000
7.500 3000
3,000 1200
1.250 500
Sub. Price
$15.00
7.50
4.00
now until the end of the contest.
Good for
10
Vote.
and Prize Contest
!men coming la the United States, but
I this matter it was stated has been ad
justed, and several of the principals
' are expected in a short time.
; Their forthcoming visit practically
: assures the plant will be established.
! and initial construction will be the
first move after their arrival. Many
who hope to become identified with
this proposition have taken options on
outlying mines of all mineral-bearing
I contents and these deals are also to
' be definitely closed and development
' inaugurated.
After the arrival of Mr. Lemons and
party the public will be informed of
what is contemplated, and of the plans
as they are completed.
THE SILVER STATE
The Story of
A gripping history
of the Com stock,
Tonopah,GoId field.
MINING
in
Rochester, and
NEVADA
other districts, re
lating the true story
y of the enormous fortunes made in minim in
Nevada. With this story we will send a
FREE MAP of the Silver State, sbowin?
location of all the rich mining districts, rail-
R roadk,ctc Both mailed FREE on request.
F. G. COX & COMPANY
625 1. W. Ilellraan Bld)U Lm Anfteln. Cat.
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE OF ADMINISTRATOR'S
SALE OF REAL ESTATE.
In the Superior Court of the State cf
Arizona, in and for the Coun
ty of Cochise.
In the matter of the Estate of Enoch
R. Jones and Emma Jones, deceased.
NOTICE OK ADMINISTRATOR'S
SALE OF REAL ESTATE.
Notice is hereby given, that in pur
suance of an order of the Superior
Court of Arizona, inland for the
j County tf Cochise, made on the 23rd
day of February, 11)17, in the matter
of the estate of Enoch R. Jones ami
Emma Jones, deceased, the under
signed ' administrator of said estate,
will sell at pfiva3 sale, in one parcel,
to the highest bidder, upon the terras
and conditions hereinafter mentioned.
!anl subject
to ih' confirmation by
said Court, ton or after Saturday, tht
loth day of March, 1917. all the right,
title, interest, and estate of said Enoch
R. Jone6 and Emma Jones, deceased,
in and to the hereinafter describea
real estate and the hereinafter de
scribed rights and easements, to-wit:
Tho surface only, together with fort
feet below the surface, of tlio undivid
ed one-half interest of said estate h.
Lots 9, 10. 11. 12. 13, 14 and 15 it.
Block No. 3 and Lots 10. 11. 12, 1.
and 14 in BPork No. 2 "of the Johnso'
Lode Mining Claim, the patent U
which is of record in Book 17. Deed
of Mines at pages 378 to 3bl. U.
gethcr with a right-of-way over sail
Johnson Ixde Mining Claim for th
purpose of constructing and maintain
ing a railroad thereover P.ir a perio.
of five years; together with the righ
to dump waste on said mining clan,
so long as the dumping of said wast
shall not interfere with the value o.
improvements placed thereupon.
Terms and conditions of sale: Cash
in lawful money of the United States
The purchaser to assume the paymen
tf. and take the property purchase!
by him subject to, all the state an
county taxes, and all assessments o
whatsoever ntrnie or nature, which ar
now or may become hereafter charge
able to or a lien against the propcrt.
purchased by him.
All bids or offers must be iu writ
inc. and may he l-rt at the nfljee o.
Alexander Murrv, attorney tr sail
administrator, at Bisbee. Arizona, ti
may be delivered to said administrate
in said County of Cochise, or may b
filed in the office of the clerk of thi
court, at any time after the first put
lira! ion of this noli' C and before inak
ins of tlx- sale.
I toted February "7. I!17.
MAUTIN L ARMSTRONG.
Administrator of the Estate
Kikh Ii K. .Jones iiinl Kiiiuia Join s, de
ceased.
ALKXAMiKU MflMiY.
Attorney rr Administrator.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Imd Dflico at l'boenix, Ari
zona, Feb. 1HI7.
NOTICE is hereby given that Adolph
(.'. llinters, .if Hereford, .ru., who.
on .Inly 1. i:ir made Homestead En
try, Nu. for the SW4 or. Sec
I ii m Township S.. I.'aime TJ
iisl, (;. ami S. I;. Meji.li.in. liaj tiled
notice of intiution to make liual lliref
ear Troof. to estaldish i laini to the
land aboxe dosi ribed. before Jarcd V
I'-;: Ivt. L . S. Cn a! Ki.-
ft--V-filWIIill IPIIVKISN9,
P
Ask Art
HE KNOWS
bee, Ariz, tm tUc 20th day of April,
1317.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Samuel C. Giles, of Hereford, Ariz.;
William F. Cowan, of Bisbee, Ariz.;
Edward Wilcox, of Hereford, Ariz.;
Frank C. Cobbe, of Hereford. Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication Feb. 21, 1917
Last publication March 22, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the interior,
V. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
iona, Feb. 19. 1917.
NOTICE Is hereby given that
Amanda Haverty, of- Garces, Ariz.,
who, on April 30, 1910, made Home
itead Entry, No. 09944, for SKM SEVi.
cec. 3, Tp. 23 S., R., 20 East G. and
c. R. Mer., and on July 25, 1916,
made additional H. E. 030725 for S4
rfV NEV. NVs NW SEU. Sec
tion 3, Township 23, S., Range 20
.Ust, G. and S. R. Meridian, has filed
.utlce of intention to make final five
yecr Proof, to establish claim to the
land above described, before Jared D.
Taylor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Ariz., on the 21st day of April, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James E. Kelly, James W. Haverty,
Richard K. Haverty, O. Peter Hserty.
all of Garces, Ariz.
3. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication Feb. 21, 1917.
Last publication MarcU 22. 1917.
NOTICE OF SCHOOL BOND ELEC
TION Because, in our judgement. It fs
deemed advisable so to do, we, the
undersigned Board of .Trustees of
School District No. 2, County of Co
chise, State of Arizona, do hereby call
an election to be held on Saturday,
March 24th, 1917. in a certain build
ing situated in the City of Bisbee,
County of Cochise, State of Arizona,
within said Schsol District, known as
the Central School Building, for the
purpose of submitting to the qualified
voters at said Election, whether the
bonds of said School District shall be
issued and sold to raise money for
the following purposes:
1. For the purpose of construct
ing, equipping and furnishing a school
ouilding to be located upon a site to
ne selected by said Trustees within
the town of Warren in said District,
nd improving the ground thereof.
2. For the purpose of constructing,
'quipping and furnishing a school
:ui!ding to be located upon a site to
be selected by said Trustees in Lpper
'tombstone Canyon in said D!?trtct,
Jid improving the grounds thereof.
3. For the purpose of making oth
r necessary repairs or additions to
'he school buildings of said District,
s the Board of Trustees may deem
idvisable.
4. Fo the purpose of purchasing
ind improving additional grounds for
he schools of said District, or any of
'.hem, as the Board of Trustees may
'eem advisable.
The amount of said bonds shall be
ne Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,
'00.00) in the aggregate and shall con
1st of One Hundred (100) bonds of
he denomination of One Thousand
To'.lars (11.000) each and shall be
lumbered from ono to one hundred
Delusive and shall bear interest from
heir date at the rate of Five per cen
um per annum, payable semi-annual-y
in gold coin of the United States
f American, payable and maturing
is follows:
Numbers 1 to 10 inclusive, payable
nd maturing in the year 1930.
Numbers 11 to 30 inclusive, payable
nd maturing in the year 1931.
Numbers 31 to 50 inclusive, payable
nd maturing in tho year 1932.
Numbers 51 to 70 inclusive, payable
nd maturing in the year 1933.
Numbers 71 to 90 inclusive, payable
nd maturing in the year 19"4.
Numbers 91 to 100 inclusive, paya
1e and maturing in the year 1935.
John S. Williams,. J. G. Pritchard
nd O. R. Johnson are hereby noml-lati-d
and appointed by the underp
inned as Judges for the purpose of
onducting said election and the elec
iou polls will be open between the
ours of 10 o'1ock a. tn. and 6 o'clock
i. m. of the day upon which said elec
ion will be held.
Instructions to voters will be post
d according to law.
Dated at ftisbee, Arizona, this 23rd
'ay of February. 1917.
JOHN M. ROSS.
President.
C. II. HUNT.
Member.
c. a. Mcdonald.
Secretary.
Comprising the Board of Trustees
if School District No. 2, Couuty of
Cochise, State of Arizona.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
V. S. !,ani Office at Phoenix Ari
:ona. Feb. 19. 1917.
NOTIt'lk is hereby given that Dauiel
McGowaii. of Hereford. Ariz., who. on
Military . 1913, made lloinehtead En
ry. No. Coii7". for ,1110 W',i SWV4.
.ection and the E'i SE'i. Section
Township 2 1 S., Range 22 East, G.
mil S. K. Meridian, has lUeil notice of
titciilioii to make final three year
:'ruoi, to establish claim to the land
ibove described, before Jared I. Tay
or, I. S. Commissioner, at Tilsbee,
iri.., 011 lhe 121b day of April. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses,:
William Ran. of Hereford, Ariz.;
diehard Todd, of Hi n ford. Ariz.: Day.
-n L.'tlraliaiu, 01 Hereford. Ari.: Iler
jert L'. Cooper, of Bi.bee, Ariz.
J. L- IRVIN.
tiegi.-ter.
Fiivt puMicatlou Feb. 21. 1917.
Lit' uuL'Uca'i'ju Uarcii I:', m'.
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona, Feb. 19, K'7.
NOTICE is heteby given that Jonn
F. Ashworth, of Garces, Ariz., who, on
December 17. 1913, made Homestead
Entry. No. 023970, for Lots 1, 2, and
SVi NEVi, section 6, 1p. 23 S., R. 21
East G. and S. R. Mer., and on May
28, 1314, made Additional Hd.' "Entry,
No. 025191 tor the SEU of Sec
tion 6, Township 23 S., Range
21 East, G. and S. R- Meridian,
has filed notice of intention to make i
final three year Proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee. Ariz., on the 19th
day of April, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
L,an . Sanson, oi xiereioru. aw..
George H. Allwood.tof Hereford, Ariz.:
Roy A. Newman, of Garces, Ariz.;
Caleb A. Newman, of Hereford, Ariz
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication Feb. 21, 1917.
Last publication March 22, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department cf the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona, Feb. 19. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Homer . survey No. 3174, William Penn lode,
R. Flke, of Naco, Ariz., who, on May 1 0f 0.O8O acres.
4, 1912, -made II. E. 014449 for Wtt j "TRILBY". Beginning at corner No.
NEU. NW4 SEVi, and SEV4 NW4.;1, the S. E. Corner, whence the N. W.
section 1, Tp. 24 S., R. 22 East G. j Corner of Section 30, T. 23-S. R. 25-E.,
and S. R. Mer., and on May 19, 1915, !o. & S. R. B. & M. bears N. V 6' E.
made additional homestead entry No. j 505.7 feet; thence N. 59 01' W. 600
027446 for N NWV4 and SW NAVVi, rfcet to corner No. 2; thence N. 24 20'
and NWV4 SW4. Section 1, Township
24 S., Range 22 East. G. and S. R.
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to "make final five year Proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, V. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Ariz., on the
19th day of April, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
John H. Hughes. Jacob C. Baker.
Joel H. Allen, William A. White, all
tif Hereford, Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication Feb. 21. 1917.
Last publication March 22, 1917.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION, FOR
U. S. PATENT.
Mineral SUrvy No. ?.2o5.
Serial No. 031346.
Feb. 10. Ial7.
In the United States Liud Office,
Phoenix, Arizona.
Notice is hereby given thai Baptist
rrattn mrnw of nn undivided one-
hH interest Allen D. Fair, owner of
an undivided jone-quarter interest and
Ilalph A. Ziesemer. owner of an un-
postofflce addresses are Bisbee, Ari-
v, v m nHo .Tint tent ion for na tent
for the following named lode mining
claims, situated in the Warren Min
ing District, Cochise County, Arizona,
in Section 19 and 30, Townsh'p 23 S,
Range 25-E, and unsurveyed, Sections
24 and 25. Township 23-S., Ranse 2!-E.
G. & S. R. B. & M., described as fol-j
lows, to-wit:
"BELLE MONTE" Begin ing at cor
uer No. 1, the N. E. Corner, whence
the W. Corner of Section 19. T. 23-S.
R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears N.
59" 48' E. 1968.9 feet; thence S. 29s
48' W, 70.70 feet to rUrner No. 2;
thence N. 72 05' W. 1524.80 feet to
corner No. 3; thence N. 29' 48' E.
538.40 feet to corner No. 4; thence S.
54' 19' E, 1500 feet to corner No. 1,1
the place of beginning, containing a
net area of 6.763 acres, expressly ex
cluding area in conflict with Survey
No. 2390. High Flyer lode, of 3.669
acres.
"GREEN LEAF NO. 2" Beginning
at corner No. 1. the N. E. Corner,
whence the W. Vt Corner of Section
19, T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M..
bears N. 30 38' E. 279.4 feet; thence
South, 603.40 feet to corner No. 2;
thence N. 83' 46' W. 1500 feet to cor
ner No. 3: thence North. 603.40 feet
to corner No. 4; thence S. 83 46' E.
1500 feet to corner No. 1. the place
of beginning, containing a net area of
18.267 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Survey No. 2256 Osce
ola lode, of 0.448 acres, and with Sur
vey No. 3180 () OM Paul lode, of 1.272
acres, and with Green Leaf No. 3, of
0.668 acres.
"MARCONI" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. E. corner, whence the
V Corner of Section 19, T. 23-S,
R. 25-E, G. & S. R. B. & U. bears N.
9 35' E. 855.7 feet; thence South.
555.90 feet to corner No. 2; thonce N.
72 47' W. 359.10 feet to corner No. 3:
tbeDce N. fir, r,!) W. 771.50 feet to
comer No. 4: Ihence North. 250 feet
to corner No. 5: thence S. 83 46' E.
1054.70 feet to corner No. 1, the place
of beginning, containing a net area
of 7.701 acres, expressly excluding
area in conrliet with Greeu Leaf No.
3. of 2.02'j acres, and Bar Bullion, of
0.353 acres. ,
"GREEN LEAF NO. 3" Beginning
at corner No. 1, the S. E. Comer,
whence Hie N. W. Corner of Section
JO. T. 23-S. R. 25 E. G. & S. U. B. & M.
bears S. II' i2' 11 1118.8 feet; thence
No. 51 20' W. 1279.00 feet to corner
No. 2: thence N. 29 48' E. 600 feet
to corner No. 3; thence S. 51 20' E.
1279.KO feet to corner No. 4; thence
S. 29 48' W. 600 feet to corner No.
1, the place of beginning, containing
a. net area pf 12-158 acms, expressly
excluding area in conflict with Sur
vey No. 3173. Morning Star lode, of
n.127 acres, with Bar Bullion, of o.jul
acres, aud with Mineral Farm No. t.
o I 42" acres.
MINERAL FARM NO. I ." Begin
ulng at corner No. 1. the N. E. Coiner,
r t:-y it,,, y c ru'r of S"''. 'vi!
30, T. 23 S. R. 25-E., G. & S. R. B. & M.
bears S. 46 16' E. 762.2 feet; thence
'S. 26' 26' W. 719.00 feet to corner
1 No. 2: thence N. 30 06' V. 1482 60
; feet VO corner No. 3; thence N. 26'
i 26' E. 719.00 feet to corner No. 4:
I thence S. 30' 06' E. 1482.60 feet to
I corner No. 1, the place .of beginning,
: containing a net area of 15.781 acres,
'expressly excluding area In conflict
I with Bar Bullion, of 4.634 acrs.
1 "GREEN LEAF NO. 1." Beginning
at corner No. 1, the N. W. Corner,
whence the V. Y corner of Section
19. T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M.
bears No. 30 38' E. 279.4 feet; thence
S. 83 46' E. 603.40 feet to corner
No. 2; thence South, 1454.00 feet to
corner No. 3; thence N. 83 46' W.
603.40 feet to corner No. 4: thence
North 1454.00 feet to corner No. 1. the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 20.022 acres.
"BAR BULLION". Beginning at eor
, ner Nq the g R corner, whence
i lhe g w Corner w Scction 19 T.
' 23-S. R. 25-E., G. & S. R. B. &" M.
bears N. 70' 26' E. 581.3 feet; thence
N. 59 01' W. 6C0 feet to ctorner No.
2; thence N. 24' 20' E. 1500 feet to
corner No. 3; thence S. 59 01' E.
600 feet to corner No. 4; therce S.
24 20' W. 1500 feet to corner No. 1,
the place of beginning, containing a
net area of 19.472 acres, expressly ex
eluding area in conflict with Green
iLeaf No. 1, l 0.970 acres; and with
E. 1500 feet to corner No. 3; thence
S. 59 01' E. 600 feet to corner M.
4; thence S. 24' 20' W. 1500 feet to
corner No. 1. the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 19.463 acres,
expressly excluding area In conflict
with Green Leaf No. 1, of 1.059 acres.
"MINERAL FARM NO. 2" Begin
ning at corner No. l. the N. W. Cor
ner, whence the N. W. corner of Sec
tion 30. T. 23-S. R. 25-E., G. S. R B.
& M. bears N. 87' 58' E. 827.8 feet;
thence S. 59 01' E. 1500 feet t cor
ner No. 2; thence S. 25 32' 30" V.
1296.00 feet to corner No. 3; thence N.
68 31' W. 1438.50 feet to corner No.
4; thence N. 25 32- 30" E. 445.70
feet to corner No. 5; thence N. 26
26' E. 97.70 feet to corner No. 1, the
place of beginning, T-ontaiiiing a net
area of 14.419 acres.
"MIDWAY NO. 1". Beginning at cor
ner NU. 1, the N. W. corner, whence
the W. V corner of Section IV, T.
23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears
r 29" 26' W. 670.9 feet; thence S.
i '' 01' E. 651.50 feet to corner No
2; thence S. 5 44' W. 1500 feet to
corner No. 3; thence N. 59 1' W.
fi4.50 feet to corner No. 4; tht-ice N.
J 1
00 feet to corner
" lne I"il,
ace of beginning, c-
taining a net area of 14.974 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey No. 2!"r, Burro Shoe
lode of 1.405 acres, and with Green
Leaf NU. 1, of 4.005 acres.
"MIDWAY NO. 2." Beginning at
corner No. 1. the N. W. corner, whence
the W. ' Corner of Section 19. T
23-S. R. 5-E.. G. & S. R. B. & M.
Hears S. 74' 29 W. 924.6 feet; thence
59 01' E. 662.0t) feet to corner No.
2; thence S. 5" 41' W. 1500 feet to
corner No. 3; thence N. 59 01' W.
h62.0() feet to corner No. 4; thence
X. 5 44' E. 1500 feet to corner No.
1. the place of beginning, containing
a net area of 20.618 acres. ,
"CASH ENTRY NO. 2". Beginning
at corner No. 1, the N. W. Corner,
whence the W. V Corner of Section
19. T. 23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. & M.
bears, N. 8ti 2'' W. UH1.4 feet:
ihence S. 59' 01' E. 602.00 feet to
corner No. 2; thence S. 0 44' W. 1500
feet to corner No. 3; thence N. 59'
01' W. M2.00 feet to corner . No. 4;
ihenec N. 5' 41' E. 1500 feet to corner
No. 1, the place of beginning, contain
ing a net area of 20.618 acres.
"CASH ENTRY NO. 1." Beginning
at corner No. 1, the S. W. Corner,
whence the S. W. Corner of Section
19. T. 23-S. R. 25-E., G. S. R. B. &
M., bears S. 26 1G' W. 1042.3 feet;
Lhenco North 6S5.10 feet to corner
No. 2; thence. S. 59 01' E. 1500 feet
Id comer No. 3; thence South, K85.10
:eet to corner No. 4; thence N. 59
31 W. 1500 feet to corner No. 1, the
place of beginning, containing a not
area of 20.226 acres.
The location notices of these claims
ire recorded in the office of tho County
Recorder of CochUe County, Arizona,
is follows:
Bar Bullion. Recorded la Book 52.
Itccord of Minos, page 131.
Belle Monte, Recorded in Bithic r.i
j itecord of Mines, page 137.
1 Cash Entry No. 1. Recorded in Book
p2. Record of Miues. page 139.
Cash Entry No. 2., Recorded in Botn
."it. Record of Mines, pago 28.
J Green Leaf No. , Recorded in Book
"2. Record of Mines, pace i:;2.
Green LeaT No. J. Recorded ill Book
52. Record of Mines. pa,;e 13:;.
Green Leaf No. ;;. Recorded in Book
r2. Record of Mines, pate 131.
Trilby. IJecoiJej in Uovk 52, Rec
ord of Mini s, p jge 130.
Mineral Farm No. 1. Recorded ill
Rook 52. Record of Mines. n:re
Mineral Farm No. 2. Recorded
in
Book 52. RetUrd of Mines, page 129
Midway No. 1, Recorded in Book
2. Record of Mine's, page i::5.
Midway, No. f, Recorded i Rook
2. Record or MIiicm. pae 136.
Marconi, Recorded in Book 52. Rec-'
ord of Mines, pa:;,. RIS.
The names or (lie adioiiiin claims
of tins siirey are: On ,,. North:
Survey No. "Mi, i OM Paul lode.
Purvey N,.. ;::,. OsM'tda lode. Survey
No '.''::. la-v !!-:i!a-..,a aj..j Barr,
jShoc lode, unsurveyed claims, cUiui3
and claimants unknown.
On the East: Unsurveyed claims,
claims and claimants unknown. Lit
tle Dundy and Garibaldi lodes, unsur
veyed. On the South: Victor, unsunreyad.
( Survey No. 3174. William Penn lode.
Survey No. 2028, Grover lode. Survey
No. ol73. Morning Star lode. Survey
No. 2280 Omega lode.
On the West: Survey No. 2390, High
Flyer lode and Pet House lode.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication Feb. 13, 1917.
Last publication April 26, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
V. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix,
Arizona,. Feb. 10, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that W. Jac
ob McAllister, of Buena, Arizona, who,
on Feb. 4, 1913, made Homestead En
try No. 021106, for SE!',, Section 6.
Township 22S.. Range 21E., G. & S. R.
Meridian, tins filed nntir nf intontinn
to make Three Year Final Proof, to
establish claim to the land above de-
secribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U.
S. Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona,
on the 29th day of March, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Ed. Bryan. Cassius R. Knoles, Paul
H. Knoles, Oliver Fry, all of Buena,
Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication Feb. 13. 1917.
Last Publication March 29, 1917.
IN THE
UNITED STATES LAND
OFFICE.
Phoenix, Arizona, Feb. JO. 1917.
Notice of Application for Patent Sur
vey No. 1898, Serial No. 031241.
Notice is hereby given that Copper
Queen Consolidated Mining Company,
a corporation 'organized under the
laws of the State of New York, and
lawfully engaged in the transaction
of its corporate business in the State
of Arizona, by G. H. Dowell, Its Gen
eral Manager and Attorney in Fact,
whose post office address Is Douglas,
Cochise County, Arizona, has made
application for patent for the "Hava
na" lode, situate In Warren Mining
District, Cochise County, State of Ari
zona, and is more fully described as
to metes and bounds by the official
plat herewith posted, and by the field
notes of survey thereof, filed in the
office of the Register of the United
States I-and Office, at Phoenix, Arizo
na, wbleh field notes of survey de
scribe the boundaries and extent of
said claim on the surface, with mag
netic variation of 12 30' East as fol
lows :
"Havana" Lode
Beginning at Cor. No. 1, whence U.
S.
. M. M. No. 1, Warren Mining Tis -
trl
oears o. m n r.. .i... fi.
thence N. 7S 12' V. 234.4 feet to
Cor. No. 2; thence S. 10" 33' W.
252.4 feet to Cor. No. 3; thence S. 78
12' E. 261.1 feet to Cor. No. 4; thence
N. O" 56' W. 245.4 feet to Cor. No. 5;
thence N.84 34' E. 43.8 feet: to Cor.
N'o. 1, the place of beginning, exclud
ing, however, from said described
area the area of .057 acres in con
flict with "Webster" lode, Survey
irS7.
The net area of said "Havana" lode,
for which patent is applied, exclusive
of area in conflict with "Webster"
lode. Survey 13S7 is 1.313 acres.
The adjoining and conflicting claims
are the "Molvina" lode. Survey No.
959; "Copper King" lode. Survey No.
375: "Webster" lode. Survey No.
13S7;. and "Al Hassen" lode. Survey
No. 13S7.
Any and all persons claiming ad
versely the mining ground, vein, lode,
premises, or any portion thereof,
so described, surveyed, platted and
applied for, are hereby notified that
uuless their adverse claims are duly
filed, according to law and the regu
lations thereunder, within the tlni"
prescribed by law, with the Register
of the United States !.and Office.' at
Phoenix. Maricopa County, Arizona,
they will be barred by virtue of the
provisions of said statute.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register of the United States 1
Land Office. Phoenix. Arizona. I
First Publication Feb. 13. 1917. J
Last Publication April 21. 1917.
!
IN THE UNITED STATES LAND i
OFFICE
Vhoenlx. Arizona. Feb. 10. 1917
Notice of Application for Patent, Sur
vey No. 1920. Serial No. 031242.
Notice is hereby given that the Cop
per Queen Consolidated Mining Com
pany, a corporation organized under
tbo laws of tho State, of New York,
and lawfully engaged in the transact
ion of its corporate business in the
State of Arizona, by G. H. DoclI. its
General Mauager. and Attorney in
Fact, whose post office address is
PoujMas. Cochise County. Arizona,
has made, application for patent for
the "Midget" lode, situate iu Warren
Miuiug District, Cochise County,
State of Aritona. and is more fully
deseriliej as to iimies and boumls by 1
tin- official plu herewith posted, and
by t lie field notes of suney thereof,
filed ill the office of the R2jster of
the United States lind "Office, at
Phoenix. Arizona, which field notes
of survey describe the boundaries and
exteut of said claim on tht; surface,
with magnetic variation of 12 30'
East as follows:
"Midsef Lode "
IVgiiitiiiii; at Cor. No. 1. wlieuce IT.
S. M M. No. I. Warren Mining Di
triit bears S 7S Hfi' K. 4 iij .8 feet;
theiH B n ;:- ;:i;' w. 7 1 5 f. et to Cor.
No. 2: thence K So" 51' W. 3S7 1 (eel
to Cot. No. 3: Ihence S. 21 36' U.
-f to r r
1: tU-iir. '
78' 57' E. 331.25 feet the place of be
ginning, excluding, however, from
said described area 0.024 acre In
conflict with "Macomb" lode, Surrey
No. 1S96; also 0.404 acres in conflict
with "Golden Gate" lode. Survey No-
843.
I The net area of said "Midget" lode,
for which patent is applied, exclusive
of said areas In conflict is 0.226 acres.
The adjoining and conflicting claim
are the "Hendricks," Survey No. 290;
"Copper Globe," Survey No. 1346;
"Golden Gate," Survey No. 843;
"Macomb" Survey No. 1896; "Back
Bone," Surrey No. 1387; and "Twi
light." Survey No. 1387.
I In. a ml all n ..latmln. m9-
versely the mining ground, vein, lode,
premises, or any portion thereof, so
described, surveyed, platted and ap
plied for, are hereby notified that un
less their adverse claims are duly
tiled, according to law and the regula
tions thereunder, within the time pre
scribed by law, with the Register of
the United States Land Office, at
Pnoeni. Maricopa County. Arizona.
they will be barred by virtue of th
provisions of said statute.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register of the United State
Land Office. Phoenix. Arizona.
First Publication Feb. IX 1917.
Last Publication April 24. 1917.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
In the County of CocKlse,
State of Arizona
In the Matter of the Estate and
Guardianship of Ellen Cunningham.
Mary I. Cunningham. Florence Cun
ningham, M. J. Cunningham. Jr.. Fran
cis Cunningham and William Cun
ningham, Minors. .
Order to Show Cause Why Or
der of Sale of Real Estate Should
Mt be Made.
IT APPEARING TO THIS COURT,
by the peUtion this day presented and
tiled by f. J. Cunningham. Guardian
of , the persons and estates of the
above named minors that It is for the
best interests of the estates of the
above named minora to sell the whole
of the real estate of said minora, in
order that the proceeds thereof may
be invested in some productive stock
or put out at Interest.
IT 13 THEREFORE ORDERED BY
THIS COURT: That all persons in
terested In the estate of said minors
appear before the said Superior Court
on Saturday, the 10th day of March.
A. D. 1917. at the hour of 10 :W o'efce
a. m., of said day. at the court room
of said Court, at the court house in
the city of Tombstone. Cochise Coun
ty, State of Arizona, ro snow cause
why an order should not oe granted
to said petitioner, to sell so much ot
the said real estate as shall be neces
sary and that a copy of this order b
sublished four success! v cti tn th-
1 Bisbee " Daily Review, a newsp.per
DrlnU.d and nutalUlu
printed and published in tins said
Ctmnty of Cochise.
Dated February 3rd. 1917.
ALFRED C. LOCKWOOD.
Judge of the Superior Court.
First publication Feb. 8, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
V. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix.
Arizona. Feb. 10, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Roy
Bye. of Hereford. Arizona, who, on
April 30, 1912. made Homestead En
try, No. 0173S4, for NEVi. Section 12.
Township 23S Range 21E.. G. & S.
R. Meridian has filed notice of inten
tion to make Three Year Final Troof.
to establish claim to the land above
described, before Jared V. Taylor. V.
S. Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona,
on the 29th day of March. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Hoy Sperow, Sherman J. Brtls. John
Findlay. and George W. Longlcy. all
of Hereford, Arizona.
J. U IRVIN. Register.
First Publication Feb. 13, 1917.
Last Publication March 29. 1917.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE
STATE OF ARIZONA. IN
AND FOR THE COUN
TY OF COCHISE.
In flic Matter of the Guardianship
of the Estate of George Edgar Haw
kins, a Minor.
Order to sho
cause why order
of sale of real estate should not
be made.
IT APPEARING TO THIS COURT
by the petition this day presented anf
filed by R. A. Brethertbn. Guardian o-
the Tcrson and Estate of Georg
Edgar Hawkins, a minor, that It I:
necessary to sell the whole of the rea
estate of said minor, for the rrasot
that he has no other property, real a
personal, and that the property yield
no Income whatever and said mint
has no lucotue from any other -ource
Aud that it is necessary o sell th
tald minor's undivided thirteen fort?
eights (13 IS) Interest in and to tfi
"Liftlo Casino" Lode Mlntng Clstir
situated in the Warren Mining pi:
trirt. Coclnsn County. Arizona.
IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED B'
THIS COURT: That all persons 1olv
ested In the estate of said Minor l
J pear before the said Superior Cotji
ou Saturday the l'rth dy of Marrl
A. I. 1?17, at the hour of 10:00 uVloe
A M.. of sain day. at the Court root
of said Court at the Court house 1
the City of Tombstone. Cochise Count
State of Arizona, to show cause wh
in order should not be granted t9 tb
said petitioner to sell so much Of tS
said real estate as shall he ucressat
and that a copy of this Order be pu'
Hshod four successl wreVs io tt
lUsbee Daily Review, a OowspajH
priutcil sod published in the ai
l'oli.ty of tVchise.
lMt.-d Febntsry 5M. 1M7.
ALFRED C. LOCKWOOD.
.tu'lsc of the ScperR'r Cout
v t i'.V!'.a"''T: " " THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 4, 1917.
FIVE
TflE GREAT R0nANCEfPREPAREKHEiS5
S LOUI5 JOSEPH VANCE
4m
Novelization of the Motion Picture Play of tie
Same Name Pnduced for the Internationa!
Film Service, Inc., Under the Direction of
Wharton, Inc. Ori' O-w
THE CAST.
1
MIJS. VERNON CASTLE a
Patria Channing.
MILTON SILLS as Donald Parr.
WARNER OLAND as Baron
Kuroki.
DOROTHY GREEN as Fanny
Adair.
SYNOPSIS.
On the eve of inheritinc sole control of
ChanniriKa. Inc. America's larKest arms
and ammunition industry, 1 'atria Channine
is myateriouEly sumnoned from Newport
to Now York by PbIlt Kiploy. trustee for
her estate. Baron Huroki. chief of the
Japanese secret service, busies himself to
hinder her response to this summons; but
Patria overrides his opposition with the
ait of Capt. Donald Parr, United States
ecret service, who suspects Japan of in
tr'sulnif to embroil the United States with
Mexico.
EPISODE TWO
"Treasure."
' So young wjis the June morning that.
Uiouph cross-town streets already
glowed wish sunlight well nigh, as
bright if not so warm as that of noon-
I3ay. wide areas of shadow lingered
Hhwnrt Fifth avenue's Kilent reaches
jlike still broad biinners of translucent
riolet.
' The thoroughfare was as lifeless as
Main street in any village at church
hour of a Sunday; a few policemen
IMinkcd indifference et llic lexical) fly
ing sotv.hward at S'.ich lawless speed.
' A few blocks sooth of Fourteenth
street the vehicle (driven with a reck-
le-sness arguing the prospect of a sul
. Stan rial tip as reward for lit'sle) took
t corner on two wheels and -nme to
in abrupt panse before a residence of
the vintage caste.
The moment' it stopped, out of the
rah hopied a brisk young man and, on
his heels, an anxious young woin:ih
aha ran impudently up the steps to
irhite front door while her companion
lurried at the curb to settle with the
dhanffeur.
I?y the time he was free to join the
roung woman on the doorstep she was
ringine the boll with a sort of semi
hysieric persistence,.
"I can't understand why no one n
cwers." she faltered with a little shiver
af apprehension. "I've rung ami rung.
, . . Yon don't really th!nk anything
an June hapiiened do you, Captain
rarrT
"I hope not. Miss Channing hut I
mean to find out pretty pronto."
She stepped back, end Parr planted
i firm thumb on the bell-push. lYom
the interior of the house t-imc a re
mote 'buzzing nothing more. At a
renture the young man released the
button and laid hold of the door-knoh.
To the surprise and somewhat to the.
consternation of lioth it yielded read
ily. For a moment neither moved ; only
the eyes of each sought the other's,
mniely eloquent with apprehensive in
quiry. Then, with a quick gesture
which might have been Interpreted as
bidding the girl to wait outside, the
roung man tressed the threshold.
Quietly, the girl followed to be
jreeted by her name, spoken in accents
f wonder. "Miss I'atty fo the lan's
sake!" I
Aa aged negro servant clolhed simply
'o pajamas stood traasfixod in recog
nition half-way down the flight of
stairs to (he upper stories. j
"That you, Martin? Where is Mr.
Ripley?"
"Mist un IJipioy? Ah reckon he mus
into his bed. Miss I'atty; he gin'rly
. 7
" r iV t'ti i
They Gained the Open Air.
A- n inii ': l.iii- " iii 'ii he ti"iii" trk
atc tin- tiiuiit ?.!"
"I ii'l; lie v.iii k l:itf ni;lir, Mar
tin V"
"He .-'lir .'':. Mi - le:i-lvavs
iliiii- -:n i" -Aill'' tll'l v 'i-'li !:;'-elll
lije "11 ( ! '''I' '!' " ' I! ' ' !'"K."
"I- ti.-: the Iii. .-; - ;" V:,rr .l .k-t.
villi n U'll iU'Ji' iil i'-: a 'i'"i lov.aiU
n i
the rear of the hall ; and receiving an
affirmative resjionse motioned the serv-
ant to it with an imperative hand.
"There's a light burning in there still,"
he said; "you can see it beneath the
dtor. Better see if perhaps Mr. Rip
ley hasn't fallen asleep over Ids work,
Martin. . . . No go ahead; I'll an
swer this."
The doorbell hnd just rung. As the
aged negro scuffled off toward the li
brary. Parr turned, opened the front
door, and admitted an urchin wearing
the livery of a well-known telegraph
company. This last delivered an
envelope addressed to Miss Patria
"Channing, poeketed a tip. and returned
to the street. Captain Parr cocked an
attentive ear toward the library while
the girl hastily scanned her telegram.
"What nonsense ! Captain Parr will
you please look at this?"
He took the telegram from her quiy-
, ering hand and knitted annoyed
brows over it
Newport, June 10, 1916.
Miss Patria Channing.
S East Tenth Street. N. T. City.
'Distracted. Why did you run away to
nieht without explanation? Rodney fol
lows by first morning train. Please wire
prompt denial. Rumors current here you
eloped with Captain Parr.
AMELIA WRENN.
A smile, lialf-rneful, hnlf of amuse
ment, replaced Parr's frown. He re
turned he message. The girl impa
tiently tore it up and committed its
offensive fragments to the floor.
She was startled by a cry throaty
with terror. Martin tottered out of the
library door. Ids limbs trembling, his
face ashen beneath its bronze.
"Miss Patty! . . . O Lnwd, my
Lawd !"
Parr's fingers closed imperatively up
on the servant's wrist.
"What is it? What's happened? Stop
that howling and tell us!"
"It's Mistuh Ripley daid In there
"om nit in impulse moved the two
young iieoplc toward the rear of the
hallway, but hflf way to the library
floor Parr checked the girl.
"Spare yourself. Miss Chaiining. lA't
me go first aud have a Itiok around
please !"
It was a Kpucious chamber, solx-rly
if richly furnished in an outaged mode
ami dominated by a massive chimney
piece of marble elalwirately carved.
Purr, however, only subconsciously reg
istered an Impression of its character.
His interest centered upon the body
of a gentleman of advanced years that
occupied an armchair at one end of the
table. And it needed no more than a
glance, to assure him that the man was
dead beyond dispute. j
His head and arms rested upon the
table. One hand still gripjied an auto
matic pistol. Near his head rested an
overturned telephone instrument, the
receiver dislodged. He had been mur
dered shot down while telephoning.
But he had not died so quickly as to let
his assassin escape; he had lived long
enough to discharge his wn weapon .
with deadly effect. I
Half a dozen feet aside the corpse of !
the assassin law a sprawl in the cast
of those dead features Parr read Irre
futable confirmation of his grimmest
suspicions; the assassin was had
leen a Japanese. ,
Turning on the servant fliarply. Parr
stilled his lamentation with a brusque
command.
"Stop that horrible noise. Martin!
Do you wish Miss Channing to hear
ion? . . . Now tell me: where can
we put these bodies out of her sight?"
The negro designated the drawiug
rottni which communicated with the II
hrary by sliding doors; thither they
liore and there left the bodies. Thou
returning. Parr ordered the communi
iiiing doors closed, and fur a moment
hesitated, dubiously examining a fat
scaled envelope which lie had found
in the pocket of the drcssiug-gowii
worn by the ill-starred Mr. Kipley. . j
It was superscribed in the firm, min
He writing of a strong old hand : "For
Miss Patria Channing rrivate & Cou
.idential." 9
lie returned to the hallway. At sight
f his gravely troubled counteuauce.
i'atria rose quickly from a chair and
aioe to him with an imploring ges
ture. "Prepare yourself." he said, "your
guardian bus beu assassinated by a
Tiipanese. He left you this; perhaps It
explain. ..."
PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL. "'
My leor Ward: Tomorrow, your
twenty-first birthday, will fiud you Ilia
Inst f "The 1'ij.ittiug Channing..'' Ou
thai day ju n ill legally becon-.e your
own mistress and I will be relieved of
th" guardianship "f yourself and your
fortune one of the greatest fortunes
in tho luited States if not iu all the
world.
I write, rather than wait t com
municate what I have to ay. be-aue I
live iu the shadow of death. I tuay
not live to see you, personally to ac
count to. you for. my stewardship I
may" not live to see' tomorrow's dawn.
My life i strangely menaced even as
jmir life may be when you have taken
over .-.ie eoutioi of your inheritance,
'Mi" land- and e?tats. Chanuink's. Inc.,
that greatest if anus ami amininii
ti"i! iiiiJu:!iif nutid'j Omiiiiuj aud
tae t 'iiahnlug secret iletcnse futnt.
Yon do not i.:i'ev v.li-.t iii t r last
means. It is to cull: 'hten vnti 1.-st 1
I' lorish v illi my secret undh uiiri'tl -'hat
I alii writing tmiilit. I have in inim'tii
you concerning that sacred trust, that
'Itequest of your patriotic forefathers.
One hundred years ago, almost to a
day, the first .Inliu Cliaiming died. lie
was a Virginian, a friend of Washing
ton's, n soldier, a, patriot, a gentleman
of fortune, character, intelligence anil
of .almost prophetic foresight. He had
served through the War of Independ
ence. When the War of 1S12 broke out.
he resigned his ease mid took the field
as a colonel of militia.
In his military' capacity John Chan
ning the First was an intimate observer
of the lack of organization, military
spirit, trniuing.. ability to fight, that
characterise the American forces.
What he hatl experienced made a
profound impression nyon hitu. He
never ceased to plan to protect his
country against its greatest weakness
and Its greatest enemy itself. In the
fatuous blindness of u iieople who then
as today believed a sacred and lust
cause the equivalent of resistless
weapou of defense, who thought they
had no need to train themselves for
war so long as they warred only for
the right, the first John Chanuing fore-
w an Intrinsic, inbred weakness of
the people, prolific of jierils which he
conceived it to be his duty to combat.
Some time prior to his death, there
fore, he consulted with the first Peter
Kipley, my forebear and the founder
of that line of legal advisers to the
Channing family which must perish
when I iierish. lUtweeu them., the
' two schemed out a scheme for a fund
tor national defense in time of danger
. through what we have lately learned t.
term "unprcpa redness." one half o!
, the, even the n, very considerable t'lian
lung fortune was set uside to be tli
nucleus of the Channing secret defens
fund, to be ili-ywu upon or xenilt
wh.illy only in gravest national emei'
gency.
The secret and the custody of tl
fund
t A ((!- r tv t
(! 4 t
l, I! U f
th in-" S. :
r .".-.
-ua
v"v
4
1
f it
It Was a Richly-Framed
son as loug as the Chauuiugs and the
Kipleys had male children. That time
is now passed My boy died before at
taining maturity; you are your father'
only child.
The fund today ha grown, through
careful inestment ami unremitting
vigilance, to the appreciable total stun
of approximately xkkVHM". Tin
Whole is stored in the secret vault le
rieath this roiu to which the pa.-sword
Is your niinie. Three-fourths of it i
comprchended in gilr-edged securities.
Immediately negotiable; the b:d:i!if" of
S2o.tNi.noit is in gold -i'ms aceiiniii
latetl fur immediate resource in einer
gency.
Wisely employed, this trtasure may
prove the salvation of your eni'iitry in
this, as it seems, its hour of direct
need. Europe is atliime with war;
when peace is declared. Europe's fore
ordained way to recoup will he by
means of preying upon some ureal ::inl
wealthy hnl defenseless emiinry, such
r.s the United States of America. (
the other hand, to the west of i -, wc
have a great nation ;w jihout rootn t-i
grow Japan. Its uritiirul cntue of
growth, following the line of least r
sistanee. must be iu and through on
western states. To th'? south li
lies Mexico, a hotbed of rcvobni.ai. i:i
trigue and racial hatred.
Ewdeuce in Mipiiort of .lap 'ii':
signs a gu I nst our peat-e i.- no' lac
.1.-
i'i
The presence of her armies in Mi ic
the fact that Japanese til!;i -:-s i..;ve
lieeu detailed to drill M- vic:!; ti..oj ..
is known to the adiiiiiii.-tr cion at
Washington if not to the people: iii-:
Japan maintains naval basis. ,':!'
Mexican consent, at Magdal- na 1 .-.
and elsewhere, is a mailer of ioi-;;;o;-
knowiedge. In my personal cper:
it is true that, following my retii-a! a
a loyal anil patriotic ci;i.eu to tuai.e
contracts in the name of t 'i-in :;;g-.
Inc.. tor ihiierj of arm.- am! : itatiiii
tion in Mexico. Japan has ! ti no si,.;..,
unturhed to induce nic to revo; . my
refusal, and coii now threaieii- lav
life because I abide by it.
For mjself. my dtar ward. I do ien
tear; when a nam lia- pa. etl a . t-r-tain
age, death has lew terrors lot
IxipK - YiZ? W
x - t?i,ii f i 1 5r
it
W .1
him; hut for you I do fear, when' .von
shall have set your hand to the task
which mine nm-t vi itl. I know your
breed well enough to know you will
not falter in the ilisiiuitge of this
sacred trust, I know Japan well enoiiL'ii
to know she will stop at nothingo dis-'
courage you.
I charge you above all things in In
ware the man who calls himself
P..'troii Huroki who poses as n cosmo
polite of Japanese birth who is in
reality secret chief of the panose,
secret service in this country.
More than this 1 hope to let; you in
detail if I live to see you again. oth
erwiseI shall die content in the
knowledge that I have, at least, done
my best to warn you against the chief -est
dungers you must apprehend as
executrix of the Chanuing secret de
fense fund.
Your affectionate guardian,
PKTICl' KIPLEY.
GOLD!
When i'arr had finished rending the
last page of Peter Ripley's letter he
looked down to encounter l'atria's di
rect, uncompromising gaze. To her un
utlered inquiry he nodded slightly.
"He was sane," said Parr. "He
feared Japan and a Japanese assas
sinated him. That much contiriii.i'ion
of what he wrote we possess, beioinl
refutation. There remains only to be
determined the actual existence of this
'defense fund' . . In a 'secret
vault beneath this room to which the
password is your name" What do you
make of that?"
Patria shook her head.
"It's all too. strange. . . . I never
had any suspicion of anything of the
sort. . . . I'm afraid I don't quite j
grasp it yet !"
It was Patria who stumbled umiii the
solution haphazard or, as woniatl
would claim, intuitively.
"The password mv name ratlin"
That sounds as though tliete must
t safe door somewhere will; n leiit-i
Tonihinaiion ... or else . . ."' j
"Or else ;"' Parr prompted as she :
lesit:: ieil. ;
i
'V
tss' w". -v
'V" yut
,f v ;m 'v.
Od Portrait of Her Ancestor.
Her cutgung hnud indicated the nias
'b. marble chimney-piece. I'iirr l:nlt
tetl his brows, staring. The thing was
Interesting if only as a relic of the
rurions artistic taste of a bygone day:
none but a mid-Victorian -intclliscuce
could have tolerated thti thought of
suca a monstrous monument to home
liness. Ami yet the carving was tx
piisitely dune. He crossed to it. with
I'atria by his side, for a tio-er inspec
tion. In whatever brain the design had
originated. ' it was a patriot's: the
American eagle soroantetl in sculptured
-tone, the Hag Haunted blatantly its
moveless folds, the anus of Virginia
lliinked tiie arms of the United Slates,
immediately above the fireplace the
I 'ha lining arms w i re emblazoned upon
i shield, oeneath this ji scroll bore the
motto of the house
"PRO PATRIA NOBIS."
"To which the password is my
name!"
Patria put forth fingers which
I touched liglitly'lho initial of the word
j Patria on the scroll. She withdrew
(her hand with an cxckimalion; the let-,
Iter sie had touched had fallen in flush
I itli the surface of the s-croll. I'arr
nodded excitedly. "Try the nest let-
i To Iter pres.-ure tho letter A became
is the letter P: the remaining letters
of iln word followed suit as readily.
And v. hen the hist had been depre. ctl
they li -in i a curious grating noise bo-ic-aih
the mantel ami. looking dowu
saj the app.iveutiy -.'lid -tone backing
I' the fireplace prop' r -wing t lassf.eiy
inward and tli-t !o-e the lmmth tf a
narrow i.a a gov. ;i .
; "Let rue go lir-i !"'
Part's tone was impcratho. Woti-
bTiiig a lii'Ieat t he in -!inctie docility I
iith wliich -he obc.M'il him, pmria I
-t I a-hlo. Ilr dm kcti bcneaih ih- j
in:. nli I aid iii --p!'i ;!' d. . . .
'I'iie pa. s., ,.v. proved -hoti. upon
h;it b'Vii. I'a I t iolvs: If' d 'lir.i paees
l:t i i i : -c tiar1. ti'-s-. "I " ! i " -i ii turned
al a rii'lit i.n.le. At th- foot of
-Hue Iwil-.i- .mi- .c ! him. I atiolit-r- j
c1. :nl a ii c .ii u i a ini ! be
I' ti-er inii.f tti-bh: n.i.tU, and -tiiuibled i
tAbLt
. THEATRE .
"The House of Comfort"
i i v i ir
TODAY ONLY
Continuous
from
1 to 11
P. M.
Willie-m Russell in
v Produced by The
American Film Co., Inc.
"MUTUAL WEEKLY
No. 104"
ADMISSION
10 and 15 Cents.
MONDAY
That Serial Supreme
With Mrs. Vernon Castle
TUESDAY
Big Special Feature
0;4Kt,Ed,mnSu,cE5
A Bij, Smashing Story of
the Western Wastes and of
a Man's Love for a Woman.
TOM SAUTSCHI
is presented in a role that
rivals his "McNamara" in
THE
SPOILERS'
Patria
Country
I orgot
over something soft and yielding that
obstructed the floor. In stumbling he
threw out a hand which encountered
i.n electric light bracket. Steadying
himself by this he felt for and turned
the switch; the brilliance of a single
bulb dazzlingty exorcised darkness.
fie stood in a small, airless, window
hss chamber, furnished simply with a
square mahogany table and four chairs
on a rug. otherwise it was featureless
but for a huge safe-door built Into the
wall close by the foot of the staircase.
This door stood ajar. A black void
was beyond it. At Parr's feet lay the
obstacle which had so nearly proved
his downfall: the body of a little Japa
nese clad in the uniform of a tele
graph messenger iu his dead hund an
automatic pistol.
Turning. Parr culled to Martin to
come down to him.
The negro's answers to his questions
enabled him rapidly to reconstruct the
prelude to a brutal crime.
j It seemed that, shortly before Pat
; rla's guardian had dismissed him for
, the night, Martin had answered the
j ttMr-l.eIl to admit a telegraph messen
I ger boy with a telegram for Peter Ri-
ley. Signing for the message, Martin
hud told the boy to wait for a ossible
rnswer, ami hail taken the envelope to
his employer in the library. Hut when
Mr. Kipley hnd oHncd it. he hail found
nothing within the envelope; and
when he ami Martin had gone back to
the hall to interrogate the messenger
this last had vanished.
I5y this ruse (Parr reckoned) obtain
ing admittance to the house when Mar
tin's back was turned, the pseudo-messenger
had secreted himself and waited
till, finishing his letter to Patria, Hip
ley had found reason to descend to the
treasure vault. Then, following, the
messenger hud tried to shoot Kipley
down, but had met death himself in
the attempt. Meantime a confab-rate
had vntered the hous gaining iiiiinit
tnnce through the front door, left un
locked, as I'arr and Patria had found
it, by the first Japanese. And when
Kipley. emerging from the secret pas
sage no doubt even then fatally
wounded had culled Patria in New
port by long distance the second
Japanese hatl shot to kill ami hail suc
ceeded if at cost of his own life. . . .
Asking Patria to turn aside while he
with Martin's aid carried nn the dead
Japanese and placed him with the oth
ers in the drawing-room. Parr left Mar
tin on guard, ami conducted the girl be
low to the treasure vault.
If any traces of incredulity had thus
far colored his thoughts, they were
promptly dissipated.
The vault was not large perhaps
twice the size of its antechamber and
was so w ell-filled with boxes, bales ami
bundles that it afforded scant spins- iu
which to move aliottt. Aside from the
entrance, three walls were hidden by
packing-cases. The fonrth. the farth-
t est from the entrance, boasted racks
of pigeonholes in which were filed ami
docketed packet Umiii packet of paers.
aud in addition a richly framed oil Mir-
trait of a gentleman in continental uni
form, boasting a brass plate with this
legend :
JOHN CHAXXINi;. Lsq.
(IJ. 17.17 1. 1 Id.)
Patriot, Statesman. Soldier.
Founder of the Channing Secret le
fense Kuml.
Ignoring all else iu the vault, the girl
i'atria lingered for many minutes be
'ore this portrait of tho ancestor w hose
dear foresight ami love of country hail
rented that trust whose burden hatl
now fallen upon her slender, pretty
-boulders.
Kapt beyond utterance, she signified
iter wish to confirm her deceased guar
dian's report as to the treasure.
Parr selected one from the nearest
-tack of wooden boxes, and essayed to
iransfer it to the table. But it proved.
heavier than be hail anticipated, and
slipped through fingers unprepared for
its weight. There was a cra-h; the
bo lay shattered at their feet, its con
tents spilled stuck upon stack of gold
en double-eagles scattered upon tlw
!hor.
There wa a pause. . . .
Patria sank into a chair ami rested
.'orearms iion the table. In her hands
he h"bi Peter l.ipb y's letter.
fter a little, shuffling the sheets,
he brought that one uppermost which
ilnv.'isl lb,- words
"Wi-.'ly et;i. loved, this treasure may
roe the salvation of your country in
his . . . its hour of direct need."
"to"! make tiie wise," she said aud
altered "Cod make me wise to nd
tinisTer thi- sa red trust!"
Wiihoiii wholly a;n-et iiiting whiit he
itl. ti'an.-i.iftt d iievoiid himself. p;ii ,
lo-et! Lis ringers m i r tvrs.
"Amen to tbiil :" sjiiil he. . . .
t n the e it of bis wo; ds a .hill jjru
in-- n.'i-e -oiiudi ! iiliv their hmd
HOLOCAUST.
In ihe twinkling of a:i ey h Im.
ipprecieil w hat had hat. p. ,ted '
.or to the secret par-sag !i d .-
bin : for wliiit'M-r reason. J'.- rtiti p
miiabl;. had - ii itt Pi e!!is. it.
'.Villa. in bis.l: i.'oii I'arr s'V":
belli oil! of the and no the cot,
.ricleil i aii-vv . v .
M ;h" lop ii,- i'.tttti t iity lite s.,it
uriaee the clo-.'il i!oc: lli.i fug -l
nun-: -.i' l.t;. over i' and round if
igi's: it an.' menus there were c
i iaitt.- it troi'i the inside. It was too
iinningl.v concealed for his ingenuity.
I'll! if closed, the door was not :ilt:
.'ih.T light. I.tgliis from the library
lc lit 'd t oilini I hi ee of its edg I'arr
i:i;!d l.o! c ntrivo In get an ee to a
-i !;. Iiiii he
hai be lie.i.
. iidi'-.'piet.
tdiMa from
Kit ! Ting ra
I a
-!!i-se tiTl-
oily to !
ii. : ipj c'v
ict'd iiot avoiii hetiriitg.
ii w,-s. imv. ever, liiiln id:
Several VoVts were
be;.i,iii the barrier all
...tv
III t'to'lg'l I'tiTi
- .vv I. ,!., .f i lo
eked .: vet tie
ill" v e"!i;:i u'iir
After a tlina he crept noiselessly
down the stairs.
There are Japanese several of
them in the house. Martin must har
seen them coming and locked us in to
prevent their discovering ua."
"But Martin? What will they do to
hlmr ...
"I dou't know. . . . Let's not
think about that. . . . Let's hope
for the best. It's all we can do, I
can't budge that door np there, and
even if I could, I've got no wenpons of
any sort. . . .
Kive minutes passed. Throughout
the two could hear faint sounds of
hurried footsteps overhead for all the
world like the scampering of rats iu
wainscoting. Then were heavier, duller
ft ,t
,fr' - V l'l ' I
Stumbled Out Into the Underground
Passage.
noises, to boot as though the intruders
were moving furniture about. Yuen all
sounds ceased. ...
Of a sndd'"t, simultsnetHistr. Prvbi
and Parr turned startled face-, to.vgrtl
the vault door.
Kotind its eilgcs thin veil- stut o
were seeping into the chamber.
"They have fired the house:-
The strained, frightened w iiisper was
l'atria's. Mechanically Parr nodtlol.
Already the atmosphere in the vault
was oppressive so' impregnated will
smoke it was thlhcult to breathe. s.t
warm that perspiration beaded iri.w
ami hir nils. . . .
Another five minute: he heard a lit
tle choking cough, and Turned to pat
ria. She was on her htt, s.vavii.g.
eyes Wank, hands plucking ftVy i
the throat of her wa'st. As she taruetl,
the light died out from her fav and
she s!ipicd slackly forward upon Ihe
table.
niilf-madileued. Parr put a slntd.1er
with his weight, lehind it against the
vault door. It swung out to admi a
stifling cloud of bitter smoke togi-tliei
with a blast of heated air that might
have come from a furnace's maw.
Tugging the door shut again, lie
turned and began rapidly to i-ircle the
walls, hoping against hope to discover
somewhere another exit.
Inhis haste he tripped over the
broken bos of eoiu and fell aguinst th
frumed lMirtrait of the first John Out it
Ding. Its ageil cord parted ami the
rxrtrait fell with a crash. cposiua the
inner face of a stoat d'Xr of stcd.
Plucking frantically at its bars and
Holts, Tarr succeetled in di.-lotjgia;
them. The door swung out. A gust of
lamp, cold air invaded thv vnult. lle
yond the opening little was visible a
iJimy brick flooring between arched
walls if hrick fading iutt blaikness--nothins
tuor.
Steiping back Parr gjiher-d the in
sensible girl np in his arms and stum
bled out into the underground passage,
tmce beyond the threshold lie put his
back against the door and wurg it
into place. Then he blundered blindly
tn.
Twenty paces through inky murk.
. . . H stubbed his too. utrninst a
step, and gently putting dovn his bur
den, found ami truck a match.
The brief -Ii vol flume disco rod n
short flight of stone stew a-cending to
a flat riHif. At the top was no sign of
any doorway or fastening. Yet some
way of esciitt must be there: He ran
up the steps, crunched on the top
most, placed his shoulders against that
tint roof of stone, aud heaved mightily
and heaved and heaved. . . .
Orndgingly.. half-inch by half-inch,
the stone yielded; then more raptdh :
in the eud one tremendous final efert
overturned it. and Parr sprawled cit
of the oicHing iuto fresh a!r and inrti
iiis sunlight.
lie picked himself up to realize a
walled garden in the rear of the resj
deuer w hose every w iodow tjiouted
smoke ami flame. Then he burned
back to Patria. took her once aain In
his nrmsj and hore her to the uppt-r
wor'd. "...
She recovered swiftly. Tv mi t
utes more, tiad they stood tji ; -
mews on the far side of the wall I
garden. Aid there, for a L'tb'. th y
he.-itattd Patria turning ttistincttM ly
to Parr for counsel. Parr struggling
to rcgaitl hi jvoise.
Al length, ctnistiltiug his watch, ho
announcctl :
The first thing to do. of course. Is to
see about safeguarding that treasure.
It's safe enough for the time lieing;
and I know where to And tin right
men to stand g inM over it -ai'ier the
firemen ami polbv have ctKie. 'Latei.
we'll so. all, .iu tr;n -ft I ring ii- 'u:
there .- plenty of ilnic for thi'.r ; n b nk
opens i'- Mitltts before ten o i l' k.
She nodded as-eut. ulld te Ki d !
titji nt arm within his as tln v tutti' J
tttvvard the m ain- u rn. r. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 4, 1917.
IS
u Onyx" Qt Hosiery
NEW assortment of "Onyx" silk hose in fancy stripes,
nlaids and dot effects, in various colors and combinations
New Spring GINGHAMS Now Ready
the yard I2Vc and I5c
GLASGOW, A. F. C. and FOILS DU NORD ginghams in a wide as
sortment of plain colors, stripes, checks and plaid in a big variety of
colors splendid values at the yard 12' ?c and 15c
- Also ANDERSON'S IMPORTED GINGHAMS. .12 inches wide in plain.
stripes, checks and plaids the yard 35c
Si
colors especially
Ws esnecial'v suitable to wear with summer frocks
the pair $1.25 and $1.50.
SPRING FASBIONS-Charming and Authoritative Styles
3
To tell of all the pretty things, now in and coming m that the present year of Fashions approve would take
space and lengthy descriptions and then their prettine ss and practical desirability could only be touched
upon. We want you to see your approval of all thes e is what we desire and we believe will get after an in
spection see if you ever remember a season that intro duced so many "new" and decidedly different things.
The pleasure of your frequent visits to our store for insp ection of the new garments and millinary is anticipated.
8
SIX
n
-
'4
l JEWELRY AND WATCH REPAIRING GUARANTEED
I
i
ii
.1
J
i'1
; j
si
i
...if.;-. , W , I .' 'i
V 4 !' ' !
,'; : r ,
. .ft
f f .. .
We announce the arrival of more new I Fashions very newest in Women's new
- SPRING COATS-- -SPRING SUITS-
Suits for Sport Wear-for street or for dress and each charac
terized by some distinctive feature it may be a unique cuff, an
unusual pocket, buttons, braid stitching, a new shaped collar, an
especially attractive lining or a smartly fashioned skirt or jacket.
Materials include Wool Jerseys, Poiret Twills, Wool and Silk
Poplins, Khaki-Kool, French Serges and Taffeta and Pussy Wil
low Silks.
An interesting collection of the newest shades includ
ing cement, gold, apple green, shadow lawn green, corn,
turquoise, grey, taupe, navy etc. Prices range from $17.95
up to $57.50 especially attractive assortments at the "in
between" prices. Give them your inspection tomorrow.
and what a. decided and agreeable change not that the major
trend of fashion is so radically different but enchanting details
so unique and uncommon its difficult to define the influence th?.t
has wrought the change. Styles designed for all purposes coats
for sport wear, for motoring, for street or dress in e. most interest
ing range of new fabrics.
Sport length, three-fourths and full length garments fashioned
of Velour, Bolivia, Taffeta, Wool Jersey and many plaid and
check materials shades of apple green, rose, gold, corn and
navy Extra values at from $9.50 up to $47.50.
New Conceits in DRESSES Garments
for Sport Wear, Street or
Afternoon-$7.50 to $25
TJ.'e trimming ideas, the styles and the materials r.re exceedingly at
tractive. Oee de chine, pongee, silk poplin, chiton taffeta, striped
taffeta and taffeta and Georgette crepe combinations. Special attention
is directed to the new sport coat dresses rese Jacket with white pleated
skirt, also coat effects in wide novelty stripes.. For real value style
excellence of material and the splendid- manner in which the dresses ere
made they are unexcelled at these prices.
Distinctive New Afternoon DRESSES
at $27.50 up to $75
A detailed description of this magnificent assemblage of Spring dresses
is practically impossible there arc- so many different styles end such a
vast range of colorings and materials that it would require half of the
page to enumerate them all.
It will be necessary lor you to personally examine the garments to ap-'
predate the extraordinary values and styles no matter what you want
to spend you'll find us wonderfully well prepared to meet your every re
quirement. I
"U
inn
w i
NEW MiL-L-I-N-E-R-Y
Correct Spring Styles
MILLINERY OF RARE BEAUTY Possessing all
the charm that a season of bright colors can give New
creations are coming to us daily you must come often
to keep in touch.
--Our millinery department is fairly aglow with color. Bright, bril
liant hues are blended and properly too. with softer tones. Extreme
ideas in shapes and colors are coupled with the most simple. There's
a spirit of during prevalent in the majority of modes. It's a season of
extremes and yet there's an air or refinement about thetn that makes
them appropriate for most all occasions.
Spring promises to please everybody with her generosity in style
the shapes are many, giving a wide latitude for selecting just the type
trost becoming and pleasing to each individual.
Hats at $5 to $25
New Spring SWEATERS in a Profusion of
new models and brilliant colors
Priced at $5 ap to $20
Sweaters will sure be popular this season per.
haps no single garment in the Spring wardrobe will
be in more demand than the sweater. To comfort it
adds a dash of style and richness of color, which
make it the favorite garment of all lover of out
door life. These new arrivals are silk, silk fibre and
Shetland wool in colors corn, rose, copen, Kelly
green, grey, navy and black and white stripes. New
Coat styles and pinch back models.
Mi
mm?
Blouse Special at $3.95
Small shipment of new tailored made Blouses
crepe de chine in colors flesh, maize and shadow
lawn green, sizes to 44 splendid values at $195.
1 r
UrvGUi JL-Jc
TWA
ffc-iJ
r,:J
113
urn
t 1
IK
LAS
A Special.Pnrcnase and
' Sale of Fancy Spring
2 crn carriri-iil
r m
cn the Bargain Booth Tomorrow
Values to $2.50 the
Yard sale price
-A mast extraordinary purchase en
ables ur. to quote this astonishing low
price on good quality silks in this sea
son's colorings and patterns you'll
agree tnat they are great values when
ycu se them.
Wp could say that these slits are the best values we
have ever offered, we could throw bouquets at ourselves
for the manner in which we acquired this special, but
we are going to let you supply the ent.'iusiiism when yci
see them. We'll merely say that you owe it to yourself
to come and see. The rest will take care of itself.
Fancy Shantung Silks. TafTeta Silks and Silk
Moire Poolins 33 and 36 inches wide. Plaid,
stripe ana coin dot designs SEE WINDOW
DISPLAY TODAY.
Oar Fabric Section is in Full Blossom
r
New Silks Wool Goods Cotton Fabrics
A collection of hundreds of yards of newest, choicest and most fasci
nating fabrics one could pottsibly imagine the very same patterns and
materials selected by the greatest designers for development into the sea
son's modes. Chcsen NOW, they can be made up when cooler days keep
you in doors and then,, when Spring's warm sunshiny days call you out
of doors you will be ready with garments in harmony with the season.
A few minutes spent in examining these fabrics will tell you more than
pages of advertising C'cme and see for yourself..
-Here's a fev items selected at random from this section
PLAID WOOL SKIRTINGS a fabric that
is much in demand for sport r.pparel. 5fi In
ches wide in ground colors of Koyal Blue,
Tan and Grey with high colors featured
strongly in the plaids the yard $3.50
WOOL JERSEY We have sufficient evi
dence at hand, to assure our customers that
this material will be one of the most favored
materials of the season especially good for
sport garments 54 inches wide, in colors
green, mustard and gold, tin- yard $4.
32 INCH TUB SILKS for waistings, an
e::tra heavy quality wide selection of
stripes in various color combinations a ma
terial that will laundry nicely the yard
$1.35.
35 INCH OXFORD DE LUXE A mercer
ized sport suiting white grounds with
stripe and plaid effects in blue, pink, grceu
and black the yard 65c
36 INCH SPORT FABRIC White ground
with a combination-stripe and check design
in rose and black and black and emerald,
very fashionable for separate skirts the
yard 65c
NOVELTY STRIPED ORGANDIES 38
inch white grouuds with stripes of blue
and gold, green and pink and blue and black
the yard 45c
PLAIN COLORED LINEN SUITINGS
"G inch in reseda green, old rose, lavender
and blue the yard 75c
Reception Voiles 3G inch in plaid, check
and floral designs both light and dark
grounds in a profusion of colored designs- -a
fabric for summer frocks the yard 35e
EXTRA SPECIAL, 27 inch PRINTED
BATISTE, in w.hite grounds with striped
ard fieured desi'ns in green, black, blue
and pink. An inexpensive material for the
making of summer dressea the yard 12' '2c
PRINTED VOILE SPECIAL 27 inch
daintiest of fabrics for summer wash frocks
iu a wide selection of designs an extra
value at the yard 19c
S-l-L-K-S
CREPE DE CHINE SILKS (40 inches
wide)in black white, cream and siiades of
corn, ciel blue, flesh, pink. Quaker grey,
reseda green, prune, taupe, goblin blue and
brown an extra quality at the yard.. $1.75
F EE WEE TAFFETA (40 inch) in prune,
blue, orchid. Quaker grey, flesh, Russian
green and old rose the yard.'. $2.25
NOVELTY TAFFETAS (36 niches wide)
a sport silk with brilliant stripes and plaids
see this the yard $2.50
GEORGETTE CREPE (40 inch) extreme
ly fasJiionabie for afternoon gowns here in
white, black and all leading shades an ex
tra quality and a splendid value at the
yard $2.
WE RECOMMEND
Renfrew
Devonshire
Cloth for Kids Wash Cloth
es. A yarn-dyed fabric, 32
inches wide that outwears
galatea. It's the "Economy
Cloth" for little tots or for
school wear. Being lighter
weight than galatea it will
wash beautifully. Here in
a wide assortment of colors
in both plaid and stripe de
signs. An excellent value
at the yard 25c
-Unusual Styles in Spring FOOTWEAR for Women-
n n..fij
Women's White Kid Top Beot black kid vamp Louis heel the pair $7.50
-Women's Grey Suede Boot Suede Uppers and grey kid vamp leather Louis heel
the pair
.$8.i
-Women's Grey Boot 8',-i inches high vamp and uppers of grey kid, Louis heels
the pair $8.50
-Women's Brown Boot Two tone of fine kid Louis heel the pair $7.50
-Women's Champagne Boot with brown kid vamp leather Louis heels the pair $7.50
-Women's Tan Calf S inohes hieJi low heel lace style sport last the pair. .$6.50
New shipment of shoes for big girls, sizes 2z to 7. V hite Nubuck,
sport shoe, 8 inches high with "Textan" sole and heel at $5 the pair.
White Nubuck on the sport last, lace style with Textan soles the pair
$4.50. Gun Metal vamp with white kid uppers, lace style with white
kid uppers, lace style with white sole and heel, the pair $3.50. Patent
leather vamp with white uppers, white sole and heel plain toe the
pair $3.50.
ORE REPORTED FOUND j
IN JEROME VERDE
Continued From I'ace One)
ward the zone where pay copper ore
is thoucht to prevail. The cast cut
has just passed through 3f feet of
i,uartz-porpli'ry end en'ered an area
that shows copper indications. In the
west cut, strinzers of chalcopyrite
are frequently encountered. As is
the case in the east cut no ore body of
appreciable size has as yet, however,
been found.
Ccntracts for ore delivery from
thirty-seven mines have been signed
by the tnanajre-'ent of the new camp
ler at V.'kkenhere. The plant is
equipped for cnishiim ami concentra
tion of ores snd is now bfiuc supplied
with an oil -flotation unit, aud a cyan
ide proorss. Most of the ore handled
is from mines in the vicinity of Wick
enburjr and is for th most part a
smelting product. To treat the more
reheliious ores it will therefore be
necessary to install a copper furnace
and a liad stick. It is understood
tl;e Carfoid interests, an Ohio syndi
cate which eoutrols the plant, will in
the near future supply the needed
i quipment.
Open Copper Ore at Depth
A large dyke carrying copper-pyrite
and native copper has been encoun
tered at a depth of 700 feet t ihe
property of the McKinley Mining &
Development company. Veins of un
usually hiuh grade copper occur In
the dike and prevail therein from a
few feet below the surface to the
present point of development. On
the 7n0-foot level they appear to be
merging into a single ore body of val
ue and dimensions.
A syndicate of Ohionns has started
tulnin? opcrnt'on on extensive
scale at the old Gold King property
in the liradslmw lnountj'ms The
mine was first operated in 1!i04 and
1 as outtmttPl nSouf J.'.lO.Onti worth
of gold-silver ore. On the lower lev
els the ore became so base it could
not be treated at profit by the reduc
tion processes then in use. Modern
ore reduction applir.ncvs hav'ng given
commercial vrlue to these ores, de
velopment u oik has been resumed.
I (Continued From Fage One)
They have the steam, the mining abil-'
ity and the money, and m'ost people j
believe they have the ore, it being j
I only a question of getting to It. Of;
! those Interested in the direction of j
! the property it can also be said that
there Is no group more thoroughly '
I alive to conditions as they exist at'
this time in the metal trade, and nJ
pronp that will exert itself more fill-j
' ly to the end of pushing through to .
the earliest possible participation in
j the several years of extra good times .
' which are ahead for copper. 1
EQUIPMENT FOR C. & A,
PLANT IS COMPLETED
(Continued From I'age One)
great smoothness and efficiency.
The expectation is that there will
be no pause in driving until the 1000
level is reached. At that depth it Is
believed that conditions will cali for
the cuttine of a station anil the begin
ning of driltini; and crossciitting of
the country. However. I'resident and
tJeneral Manager George V. Avery,
who Is on the ground directing all
work. Is not Irrevocably committed to
the 1000 depth. If they And things on
the way down tht npnesr to justify
prospecting, it will done. Among the
'I'ining equipment are six lugersoll
jacks. .Mine c;irs and rails are on the
uround and also much timber. They
hae a !'.00 callon oil tank, so situ
ated that loading is by erM ity from
the oil truck and the f"ed to the plant
by gravity from the tank. At Clark-
dale their receiving tanks are located
to similar advantage, tilling from the
track above and loading to the wagon
on the road below. The machine shop
next to the shaft is well equipped. Re
mainlng to come to it is a No. 5 Lay
ner drill sharpener, equipped with oil
furnace. Water is supplied for all of
the property from an ample flow from
the upper tunnel driven In the moun
, tain above the shaft. They have a
10.000 reserve storage capacity and in
' n .1 .1 : . : . .. nn.-k 11 i . . . .. i.
i:uwu mil il l.wi'ir Million 1'ucjiiu lunn
and tower. leaking 17.000 gallons of
wiiter continuously enrried.
The electric lighting system on the
property makes it as light as day dur
ing the night: 400 candle power
lamps are used about the shaft. In
charge of the power plant as chief
electrician Is Henry Robinson, for
several years with the I'nited Verde.
He assisted with installation of the
Jerome Calumet and liked it so well
that he asked to stay.
Discussing Control.
Whether Vr not the Lewisohn inter-
. ests control th Calumet & Jerome
lis the subject of lively discussion just
now in Jerome circles. That the Lew
isonns have an interest of some sort
In the property is conceded. Nothius
is obtainable from that source, how
ever, as to the extent of their hold
ings. On the other hand interests as
sociated with the Avery organization
insist that the reports are not well
founded, but the denial appears to be
of the constructive or technical sort.
C. M. Garrison, vice president of the
company, is sponsor for the denial
that the Lewisohns are in control, but
Mr. Garrison's statement, boiled
down, is that he "doesn't see how"
the Lewisohns have obtain control.
"There is in the treasury 600,000
shares." he says, "which I believe can
be classed as removed from the mar
ket. Mr. Avery and his associates
control 500.000 shares. These are in
escrow until the property is on a pro
ducing basis. There are 450,000 shares
afloat, and much of this sfock is
publicly owned. I cannot see how the
I Lewisohns have obtained control. The
company has on hand a largo cash
surplus that assures development, and
will finance the sinking- of the shaft
' to the point where results can be
shown."
Notwithstanding the Garrison de
nial, the rumor persists that the Lew
ib'ohns have taken over a Mock of the
stock in the public market and have
an option on the stock in the treas
ury, or on a large part of it, sufficient
to eusure them of control whenever
they see fit to exercise the option.
This phase of the matter does not ap
pear to be covered by Mr. Garrison's
somewhat technical denial, which
does not touch on the status of the
treasury stock.
A Bilious Attack.
When you have a bil.'ous attack
your liver fails to perform its funct
ions. You become constipated. The
food you eat ferments in your stomach
instead of digesting. This inflames the
stomach and causes nausea, vomiting
and a terrible headache. Take Cham
berlain's Tablets. They will tone up
your liver, clean out your stomach and
you will soon be as well as ever. They
only cost a Quarter. Advertisement.