MIU mem
WEATHER.
ARIZONA: Saturday
and Sunday fair; Old
er Sunday north por
tion. MARKETS.
Government Price
Copper, 23.50.
of
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
VOL.20. No. 163.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 15, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
SECRETARY BAKER AGAINST
UNIVERSAL MILITARY LAW
FDR THE NAT
Head of War Department De
clares Himself Against Fu
ture Preparedness and Re
views Past Year of His
Work.
(By Review Leased Wire)
Wll ASHINGTON. Dec. 14. Secre-
I tary Baker's annual report for
1 f the war department matle pub
lic today constitutes only a
brief historical review of the year,
and so that it may be devoid of in
formation for the enemy shows no
recommendations, no detailed infor
mation of the transportation of the
army to France or any army plans
for the future.
Secretary Baker does say, however,
that he does not favor universal mili
tary naming as a regular national
policy. ,
"The department has not sought
and does not now seek legislation on
the subject." he says, "chiefly for the
reason that the formation of a per
rnggient military policy will inevitably
be affected by the arrangement con
sequent upon the termination of the'
present war. Civilized men must
hope that the future has in store a
relief from the burden of armament
and the destruction and waste ofi
war.
"However vain that hope may ap
pear in the midst of the mo6t devas
tating and destructive war in the his
tory of the race, it persists perhaps
because we are encouraged by the
analogous substitution of courts for
force in the settlement of private con
troversies; perhaps because all the
perfections of nature teach ns that
tbey are the product of processes
which Juvye eliminated waste aad sub-,
stltuted constructive principles for
destructive principles.
Defensive Pclicy Uired
"When a permanent military policy,
therefore, comes to be adopted, it will
doubtless be conceived in a spirit
which will be adequate to preserve
against any possible attack those vital
principles of liberty upon which dem
ocratic'institutions are based, and yet
be so restrained as in no event to
foster the growth of mere militarist
ambitions or to excite the apprehen
sion of nations with whom it is our
first desire to live in harmonious and
just accord."
As to the expeditionary force in
France, Secretary Baker says It would
be unwise to disclose details, and
therefore contents himself with tell
ing of the sending of General Persh
ing followed by a full division of reg
ular troops and a contingent of ma
rines as the first unite. He describes
also the organization of the rainbow
national guard (the Forty-second),
adding:
"The purpose of this organization
was to distribute the honor of early
particpaticn in the war over a wide
area and thus to satisfy in some part
the eagerness of these state forces to
be permitted to serve In Europe."
High Tribute Paid ,
High tribute is paid to the "splen
did co-operation of the navy, by
means of which these expeditionary
forces have been safely transported
and have been enabled to traverse
without loss the so-called danger zone
Infested by the stealthy and destruc
tive submarine navy of the enemy."
It became necessary, Mr. Baker
said, to build up an elaborate trans
per system for the expeditionary
forces with great terminal facilities
both in this country and in France
and to gather a large surplus of sup
plies on the other side as a safe
guard. "This placed an added burden upon
the supply divisions of the army," he
said; "and explains in part some of
the shortages, notably those of cloth
ing, which have temporarily embar
rassed mobilization of troops at borne.
embarrassments now happily passed."
The arrangements made have re
sulted. Mr. Baker continues, "in the
transporting of an army to France
fully equipped, with adequate re-i
serves of equipment and subsistence,
rM with those large quantities of
transportation appliances, motor ve-j
hides, railroad construction supplies,
and snimals, all of which are neces
sary for the maintenance of effective
operations of the forces."
Review Mexican Situation
Secretary Baker opens his report
with a review of the situation in Mex
ico which led up to the withdrawal qf
General Pershing's column, and pays
a high compliment to the self-restraint
and consideration of the Amer
ican officers and soldiers both on the;
border and in Mexico. !
Taking ud the war with Germsny,1
Secretary Baker describes a flno
spirit of rprvice shown by the Ameri-
can people "without distinction or,
age. sex or occupation." j
"These who believed," he adds,;
(Continued On Pace Six) j
JUST I0W
COAL ICE BOUND
CAUSING GREAT
DISTRESS IN EAST
New York Facing the Worst
Shortage of Fuel In Its His
tory. Thousands of Tons of
Coal Are Tied Up.
(By Review Leased Wire)
NE WLORK, Dec. 14. Homes and
industries in New York were con
fronted tonight with the most seri
ous coal shortage In the city's history
because of inability to get supplies
across the river on barges from New
Jersey tidewater pointes where thou
sands of tons are icebound. The situa
tion .which was already bad, was
greatly aggravated by last night's
storm.
An investigation by the fuej ad
ministration today disclosed that
nearly one-half of the city's coal
yards are empty while others have
only a few tons on hand. Thousands
of families have no coal to heat their
homes and scores of the city's manu
facturing plants are said to be on the
verge ot shutting down. It may be
necessary to close many of the pub
lic schools unless fresh supplies are
received at once.
Poor Hard Hit.
Dealers throughout the city are be
seigned by poor persons seeking coal
In small quantities.
The coal has frozen solid in
dumps and coal cars and it can be
shoveled only with the aid of live
steam. Fuel administrators held out
hope that the shortage would be re
lieved in 24 hoars.
Two blocks from model tenement
houses on the East Side occupied by
nine thousand persons ran out of coal
today. The owners announced that
until sufficient fuel can be obtained
to heat the apartments, tenants will
be allowed 10 cents a day on their
weekly rents for extra gas.
It is said that within a radius of
300 miles more than 200,000 carloads
of fuel, steel, lumber and other merch
andise are at a standstill.
"LICHTLE8S" NIGHTS.
(By Review Leased Wire) .
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14. Two
"ligbtless nights" a week were order
ed today by the fuel administration.
Next Sunday night will be the first
and thereafter Sunday and Thursday
of every week will see the city white
ways and advertising signs darkened,
only necessary street lights used and
only such lights as the law requires
in offices adn stores not open for bus
iness. The new order replaces one which
became effective ovember 9th for
the dimming of electric displays,
which the administration says has
been a failure. It is counted upon
not only to effect a considerable sav
ing in coal, but as the announcement
says, "to provide startling visual evi
dence that the United States is en
gaged in the conduct of the greatest
of world wars."
(Continued on Page lve)
Recruiting Offices Working
Overtime to Enlist Men Into
Fighting Force of the Nation
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14. Recruit
ing machinery of the American army
showed signs of breaking down to
night under the enormous strain put
upon it by the thousands of men who
have offered themselves for enlist
ment within the past few days. In
some cases recruiting officers have
found themselves without means of
accommodating recruits and have
been forced to discharge them and
close their offices until the men al
ready In their charge can be dis
tributed. This means that many men of draft
ape will. fail tn their effort to enlist
before noon tomorrow, after which
time they may join the regulars only
in their status as members of the
national army. Protests against turn
ing the men away have come, one
from New Rochelle, N. Y., but war
department officials said tonight noth
ing could be done about it, as it was
impossible for the recruiting stations
to handle the flood of applications.
Five Years
(By Review Leased Wire)
BISMARCK N n Dec 14
IjjA sentence of five years in the
u penitentiary at Jefferson City was
imposed today by Judge Martin J.
jjjWade of Oes Moines on Mrs. aKte
jS) Richards O'Hara, convicted of mak
jSlng utterances in a speech at Bow
i man, N. D., last summer tending
jji to obstruct the draff law.
!;-' The sentence followed a speech
J': by Mrs. O'Hara in which she rtit
lj erated statements declaring her op
ii position to war and defied Federal
Judge Wade.
GREAT TALENT
Through No Definite Word
. Has Been Given Out, PresL
. dent is Thought to Be Con
sidering Man for Position.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14. Without
any reason for it apparent on the
surface, the impression grew today
that President Wilson, will settle the
question of how the government is to
deal with the railroad problem about
Monday.
The president still is deliberating
over the various proposals that have
been put before him the government
operation or suspension of anti-pooling
laws, alternatives of the interstate
commerce commission, the plan for
naming a federal admnUtrator to di
rect operations by the present rail-!
road management and tne confident
assertion, of the railroad war board
that the lines can handle the situa
tion themselves with certain changes
in government policy.
Looking for Man
In considering the appointment ot
a federal administrator or director, it
is -understood the present Is occupied
chiefly with the question of who the
man shall be. Several names already
have been discussed at the capitol
and in railroad circles, without, bow
ever, any indication that the presi
dent actually ie preparing to select
one of them. First on the list has
been Secretary Lane, whose knowl
edge of railroad questions is wil
known because of his service on the
interstate commerce commission. As
sociate Justice Drandeis of the su
preme court has been mentioned, and
the visit of former Justice Charles E.
Hnghes to the White House a few
days ago added him to the group.
Today the name of Secretary McAdoo
was brought out, and the president
was said to be weighing the question
whether the head of the treasury de
partment could be spared from the
tremendous task of handling the na
tion's financing.
Aid in Future
Senator Newlands, chairman of the
senate interstate commerce commit
tee and of the Joint congressional
transportation committee, referred in
a speech in the senate today to the
possibility of government aid ' in
financing the railroads.
"No one can measure the loss to
this country as the result of inade
quate facilities for transportation
both on water and on land," he add
ed. "The railroad ficilities are ade
quate for normal demands, but they
are not adequate for the extraordi
nary demands of the war, and the re
sult Is that the cars usually applied
to the transportation of coal from fhe
mines to the places of consumption
are used for other purposes.
"That car shortage caused an Is-
It was pointed out that registered
men who do not get into the regular
army through the recruiting stations
may do so after noon tomorrow by
volunteering through their local
hoards. Their applications will be
acted upon immediate, but tbey will
appear on the rolls as membersof the
national army.
The recruiting list made public to
day shows a total of 14,291 men ac
cepted yesterday, which is probably
3000 less than half the number taken
in. as 10 districts failed to report.
Indications came that even a greater
number applied todav. As no quar
ters were available it was decided at
several stations to send many of the
men home.
To care for those accepted during
the rush It has been necessary to
send many to national guard camps
or to national cantonments for tem
porary housing and to make use of
hotels, public halls and all manner
(Continued on Pag Two.)
PRESIDENT IS
LOOKING FOR
NAVY OBJECT
0FPR0BEN0W
CONDUCTED BY I
U.SXOFIGRES!
House Committee Votes
Institute Investigation
Naval Affairs. General
Crozier Still on Stand.
(Fy Review Leased Wire) I
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14. Congress
today extended its investigation of the i
arfmlniatrattnn's war nrtfnantlfma til !
the navy. While the senate military
committee continued its army hearing
the house naval committee unani
mously decided fj begin immediately
a general inquiry into naval affairs, j
and appointed a sub-committee bead
ed by Representative Oliver . cf Ala-.
bama, to conduct it. 1
It was officially "announced thai the
purpose of the naval investigation I
would be to scrutinize past and future :
expenditures and policies and tc se- i
cure greater co-ordination between ;
congress and the executive depar;- j
ments in the t'onduct of the war. Hear- j
iugs probably wUl begin Monday and:ordinate with the naval operations of
most of them are expected n be be-' , ,,., tha ...
hln.l ,-1oKe. doors to nrotect the navv!a"
secrets.
Secretary Daniels heard about the
committee's action as he left a cabinet
meeting. He said he was pleased and
that the more it found out about wnat
the navy had accomplished the better
congress would be satisfied.
Crozier on Stand
Major General Crozier, chief of ord
nance, was before the senate military
committee for the third day of his ex
amination regarding delays in provid
ing weapons for the army, He was on
the stand for four hours, answering
questions which it was deemed inad
visable to discuss publicly, and gave
much detailed information supple
menting testimony as to shortage in
rifles, machine guns and light artil
lery. The general vigorously reiterated
his assertion that existing conditions
will not Interfere with America's ngnv
ing capacity abroad or training at
home. He will be recalled tomorrow
for further examination regarding
heavy artillery.
Machine Gun Question
The machine gun question was given
much attention in today's session. Gen
eral Crozier's part in the told contro
versy over theTiewis machine gun was
touched upon in view of his statement
vesterday placing upon Secretary
Baker personal responsibility for the
machine gun shortage. The committee
decided to summon the inventor of
the Lewis gun later. It was brought
out that only a few hundreds of ma
chine guns have been furnished the
training camps, and that for many
weeks after the national army gpt into
training some of the units were in
structed with charts instead of
weapons.
Policy of Department
In the national army cantonments,
about half of the men have not yet re
ceived rifles. General Crozier said in
training it was not necessary to have
rifles supplies at the maximum.
As a general policy of equipping the
American forces. General Crozier in
formed the committee that the de
partment's efforts were being concen
trated on European operations. While
training camps are being cared for, he
said the department's prime effort
was to insure an adequate supply of
all equipment for the American over
seas forces.
crease in the price of coal in the
markets of the country of from $1.50
to $5 and $7 a ton. It created alarm
and apprehension in the factories of
the country: was the fruitful cause
of rise in the price of commodities
produced by those manufacturers, and
as a result we have a rise in the
price of -coal, iron, steel and other
commodities, amounting to billions of
dollars, a large portion of which we
could have saved, had the transporta
tion system, the very basis of suc
cessful commerce, been adequate to
the requirements of the country."
HALIFAX INQUIRY
(By Review Leased Wire.)
HALIFAX. N. S., Dec. 14. There
were no Germans or Austrian aboard
the Imo when It collided with the
Mont Blanc, Alex. B. BJorssen, second
officer of the Imo, testified at today's
session of the government inquiry into
the explosion. So far as he knew, the
captain and the pilot were both on the
bridge of the ship until after the col
lision. eH had noticed no change in
the Imo's course prior to thecoilision.
BJorssen stated that if the Imo had
not gVme astern, the French ship would
have rammed her near the stren on
the port side. He said tha Mont Blanc
changed her course after three blasts
on the whistle, swinging over to the
Ilaliax side of the channel.
SUB CHASER SUNK
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14. The navy
ripnflrtmRtil fnntirht confirmed unor-
ficlal reports that a small submarine 1 chairman of the international sugar
chaser bad been rammed and sunk off committee, created by the administra
te Atlantic coast last Tuesday. The I !lon.. which fixed the price, to be paid
crew was saved. for raw sugar coming from outside
Abandoned
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON'. Dec. 14 Camp
Albert H. Mills, Ixtng Island, where
tha "Rainbow" division of the na
tional guard was organized, will
not be used again this winter. The
process of abandoning the camp al
ready virtually hus been completed.
Secretary I taker said tonight that
the camp was suitably only for sum
mer use and that he undrr? lood all
troops recently located there had
been withdrawn. i
4LLIED NAVAL
COUNCIL NOW I
Ministers of Marine and Chief
of Various Naval Staffs to
Meet In Europe Regularly
to Further Policy.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14. Creation
of an allied naval council to co -
tral powers was announced tonight
in a cablegram to the navy depart-
ment from Admiral Densen at Paris,
.1 I 1 llartmw o Pacta
Members of the council established
in accordance with the plans of the!
inter allied conference win report to;
AGREED UPON
mir my,, """I premier nuu u as io.ij 10
recommendations for action. aggerate the sitiuation created by the
The council will be composed of the; events in Russia and the possibility
minister of marine and chief naval, of release of hundreds of thousands.
staff of each county; in the case of,of the enemy to attack Creat Britain.!
the United States Secretary Daniels j Prance and Italy, but that if Russia;
and Admiral Benson. As the meet ! had decided to abandon the struggle,
.U6a " "os
fiers designated by their governments
will represent the members from both!
the United States and Japan,
Admiral Benson's mes.sage was
made public torlght by Secretary pended on the efforts of Great Britain i
Daniels. It says: j ,and the United States to increase!
Benson's Mecsage . j their output of ships next year... . ,
"It has been decided to create aj 0x1 th fighting front there has been
naval ajlied council in order to insure 1 evr.nT 7 .1 w ,decrKeafe i"the
the closest touch and complete c0.jactivity of the infantry but artillery '
operation between the allied fleets. tLmT a
The task of the council will be to b6'wf Uril,Mh the
watch over the general conduct of , 15? S,nM,n, n !
the naval war and to insure cordina- tha',a.
tion of effort at sea. as well as the "" front. To the east of
development of all scientific opera- J8 th.e ,t?an" ,Ln, " ,0C"La
ions connected with the conduct of
the war.
The council will make all the nec
iiiv cuuiicii win mane an me ucc-
billty of the chief of staffs, and of thei
-
commHnder In rhipf at t..ar..
their governments as regards opera-,
an'cricaldirSslUon of the l!cl .!
Placed S under Kr
Snchanced ""manl remains
b
Membership J
"It has been decided that the coun-j
ell should consist of the ministers of j
marine of the nations represented!
and of the chiefs of naval staffs. As
the meeting of the council will of
, ., . . , - ; ocnm wnciai communicauons, nave ii,...jPon,.. ill
sary recommendations to enable the .,, . 0,lflol. ... . ,k' , Lio a-ueorge. saiu.
government to make decisions It will ! rePuIsed a British attack in the Cam- ..My adviBers have asked me to
keep Zelf tafoSSS as to the exS br"1. "eCt0r 6891 f Bul,e(ourt' ,auncH make a preci,e statement of our pol
tion of nlanrSed uoon The Z- in an ndeavor to capture lost;U v Tne question of reprisals comes
bersof ?be council vinwolfotoZ'10- The Gern,ans are carry,ng ; B foremost. At the air board
Jespective mIT bombardment in the lat-jwe are wnoleheartedly In favor of
m.. mi injN,M,.i : i ier region- rpnrimals.
necessity be held in Europe the chiefs ' "till obscure, unofficial dispatches WOmen and children, we will not Con
or the general naval staffs of the! reporting successes for each side. .tnt to its one-sided application. The
United States ad Japan will be rep-!
resented by flag officers nominated by j
their respective governments. Thei
1 1 J . .. ... . . -i
amen naval council Will DC provided!
wtn a permanent secretarial staffl
whose business it will be to collect
(Continued on Page Two.)
Company; Hoover Blamed
For Shortage In Sugar By
Witness Before Committee
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14. Blame for
the sugar shortage in the east was
charged to the food administration's
fixed Import price by Claus A. Spreck
els, president of the Federal Sugar
Refining company, testifying today be
fore the senate investigating commit
tee. He asserted that raw sugar from
Cuba was passing through New York
for Canada, where refiners are per
mitted to pay higher prices.
Mr. Spreckels, who said his refinery
was closed because of lack of sup
plies, also charged that Earl A. Babst.
president of the American Sugar Re
fining company, and George M. Rolph.
general manager of the California
Hawaiian Sugar Refining company, ln
their positions as agents of the food
administration had been unduly ac
tive in getting raw supplies for the
American company. Mr. HabBt is
Ei
I
rillUUIILLL
GREATER SACRIFICES UNTIL
I ' M
E,
111 t I VIS llhl I Sal IF I
i mil i ii w in vn i
i Infantry Activity U NegHgable
r . .'li r i e" l
But Artillery Duels Enliven
Matter. Russian Situation
Still Obscure.
"Notwithstanding untoward occur-
Irtnces. the allied forces, in their war-
making steady progress toward vic -
!torv' and peace proposals to Cer-
""" ""-
P"H
would De a oetrayai Ol me trust.
Thus lrt forceful form the British
premier, David Lloyd-Georje, has
' 1
summarized the situation in the
i world war from the viewpoint of him-!
self as head ot the British
govern -
ment and of bis colleagues. i.
, "-""-V7
it up. Germany, he added, was gam -
bling on the failure of the United
10 ner -ruiy .o r.u -
rope, and the future of the
roriu ue-i
h?.ve . captured British
I rr ' nAT"" . ' "7
irencns on a ironi oi ju varus.
wwuwued vu a iiwk VJ uvw v ui
while the Germans, according to tVb'.
n . , .
Big uun working
Tha tf Diina a ilntn tr mnaf tt tho
' -.-"- -
EnVtm are tarring th? way ofi .be K-ll "TlX'
th teutonic allies toward the plains.; . V tr.h-and" Inthts re
Thursday's Ughtlng the enemy in!pect we 8halI 8trlve for a
attack9 between the Brenta an, piave wUltattoll.
rivers again made an insignificant -Von Ludendorff proclaims this a
gain, but as on the previous occa- .ar of the nations, suggesting that
stons only under huge sacrifices of the fivil population equally is a msrk
men. 'for the bombs along with the fighting
The situation ln Russia, where the
: Bolshevlki and counter-revolutionary
i forces are arrayed against each other.
Negotiations for an armistice con-
tinle between the Teutonic allies and
tne Bolshevlki. Unofficial advices
IV... . aw T1T..V- :
"""eu io m v ounuruii lurrinu
nl""8ier mane me announcement tnat
" aa armistice is signed the Russian j
delegates have been empowered to en-
Iter into peace negotiations.
the United States or its territories at
$6.90 per 100 pounds. Mr. Rolph is
head of the food administration's su
gar division and a member of the in
ternational committee.
When his sugar was getting low In
October, Mr. Spreckels testified, he
asked Food Administrator Hoover
that be be allowed to pay more than
19.90 for Cuban sugar. He put in evi
dence a letter in which Mr. Hoover
declined, saying specuia'ors werej
holding the sugar in Cuba for higher
prices and that the American stan
dard prices would be maintained.
Spreckels Questioned
Under questioning by Senator Jones;'
!of New Mexico, the witness said he
understood that about half of the 70.- Landsdowne's letter, the premier said
000 tons available in Cuba when he,he did not fear the extreme pacifists
wrote the letter had been shipped to;but there was an active minority of
other countries and that the remain-1 people busving themselves with the
der either had arrived in the United! xev j,at the letter was supposed to
States or was en route. When asked advocate, and who thought that they
by Senator Jones If he did not con-j bad discovered a leader ln tha actios
(Continued en Pag Six.)
-
y
Premier Calls Upon British to
Work Harder, Pointing to
Defection of Russia and the
Help of America.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
ONDON, Dec. 14. David Lloyd
George, the British prime minis
ter, tonight before the benchers
of the 1 rpv'g Inn nrnnnnnpl hi
L
' latest word in the new phase of the
1 peace discussion which was launched
by the MarquU of L,n9downe-,
no'blefc Uer- former Premier as-
I quith had followed the Marquis of
j Lansdowne with an utterance which
j coupled the policy of the marquis
j with that of President Wilson, and
j found agreement between the two.
lne premiers speecn was pointea.
i a all hiii la aM II A
also iu-
but found .
jno eommon ground in the paths of
president Wi'.scn and the Marquis of
''' lo" in
,Pa"fl Amament
t It was with "painful amazement.
the premier said, -"that he had read
the Marquis of Lansdowne's letter.
He declared that the danger to the
country was not from the venr active
i mjnorjty 0j extreme pac fists, but from
'men woh thinn there is a half-way
house b,tWeen victory anddeleat.-
Jhe premier gave warning against,
makil terms with the -triumphant
outIaw- anJ aKainst -peare overtures
to at the very moment when
the mili,ar y spirit is drunk
wltjj boaetfulness "
Mr Lloyd-George said he saw no
jn rOBIUot f wnrlll .retv ln a lea(EUe
of peace in which the criminal was
t er tnan the ,aw He
saw the
crtttcul stare of the mar at the time
whpn ()fr1uly lg ,trainjnj. to stride
belwewt the withdrawal of the Rus-
ians and the entrance oi the Auieri-
cn democracy. and sald tbe de.tiny
of the world depended on what Great
Britam and Anierica could accomplish
la shipbuilding during the next year.
Tfce premier was silent as regards a
new and ?p,lic 9tatement of ar
which the Marquis of Lawns-
downe ha(1 UTd and for whlch P,.
ciflsts are making demands.
i 1 Repr.sa.s Favored
. n-3 rvn IWnfh TTTl in RV Ml
RaTOn ,Rotbermeke. the
-nini.t., in sneaking after
Premier
m
. - r -
i ..It u oup dut, to avenge the mur
. . . - i i i V r
der Oi innocent women anu meir cun-
men. We detest this doctrine, holding
It to be grossly immoral, but. fighting
for our lives and the lives of our
enemT nas to learn in this, as in the
)argerthings, that outrages on the
at-jcvjuan population of this country do
I
not pay.'
Baron Rothermere's statement was
loudly cheered.
LONDON. Dec. 14. Premier Lloyd
Goorge said today that a call must be
made on the nation tvr great sacrifices
and more fighting men were neetieo.
until the American forces arrive to off
set the burden that bad been cast on
the allies by the defection of Russia
and the reverses tn Italy.
The allies must now defend all
fronts against theenemy and have a
mobile army for any point of emer
gency, the premier said, and he added
that the allies had a superiority in man
power in France on the battle fint
and there were considerable Prltish re
serves at home.
Premier Lloyd-George, who was
speaking at the dinner of the Orey's
Inn Benchers, said:
Looks to America
"If this is the worst moment, it is
because Russia has fctepped out and
America is only preparing to come ln.
Every hour that passes will see the
gap formed by the retirement t)f the
Russians filled by the valient sons of
the great republic. eGrmany knows
It and Austria knows it. hence the des
perate efforts that they are making to
force the issue before America is
.
,he effert of Lord
(CoBtinued a Pago fiva.) THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 15, 1917.
TWO
NO CURTAILMENT
OF ACTIVITIES
mm ifmif
III LMU LLTIUUL
(By Review Leased Wire.)
CHICAGO, Dec. 14. There will be
rio curtailment of the playing season,
no slashing the player limit, nor lim
itation of the training season in the
'major leagues next year. The club
owners of the National and American
leagues decided at their joint meeting
here today that there v.as no cause
for alarm in baseball at present. They
agreed- that if the war forces them
to retrench It will be time enough to
adopt a war policy when they actually
face conditiong next spring.
The two leagues decided to open
the 191S season on Tuesday, April 16,
week later than last year, and to
play a 154-gair.e schedule, which has
been the program for years. The Na
tional league agreed to the American
league plan for the collection of the
federal war tax. It was decided to
collect only what the government im
poses 3 cents on bleacher seats, 5
cents on pavilion seats. 8. cen's on
grandstand and 10 cents on box seats.
The league also decided to collect a
10-cent tax on every free admission.
There is every indication that the
plan for a new, division of the world's
series prize, which previously had
been opposed by President Johnson
UI t.JT3 rtUlCJI it.au O I - j
adopted. President Johnson and Au-j
gust Herrmann, president of the Cin-j
cinr.ati Nationals and chairman of the
national baseball commission, were)
empowered to decide, on the advisa-
tility of adopting the scheme, which;
provides that t::e four first division)
tints In the two leagues shall share
in the purse. I
"I was much impressed with the;
thought," President Johnson said to-i
niphk "It came from Mr. Herrmann,)
end I believe I shall vote for it. We j
propose to pool the world's series
money and also the receipts of city ,
... ... i..u .s.a ;
.series, whlcn win nmne a n vl
ANOTHER BASEBALL DEAL
PHILADELPHIA. Pec. 14. The sale
by the Philadelphia Athletics of
' Strunk. Bush and Schang to the Bob
ron Americans for $60,000 and three
players is the second big baerfcall
; surprise for the Philadelphia fans this
!week. They had hardly gotten over
the surprise caused by the sale of the
Philadelphia National's "star battery."
Alexander and Kiliifer, to the Chicago
Cubs.
This is the third time in the last
few vears that Connie Mack has cut
deepinto his playing staff. The first
was when he let Bender, Plank and
Coombs eo. The second was the let
ting out of Eddie Collins. Jack Barry,
"Home-Run" Baker and Pitcher Shaw
key. The sale of Strunk, Bush and
Schpnir leaves "Stuffy" Mclnnis as
the only veteran of Mack's former j
world's champion team.
Allied Council
For Naval Facts
(Continued From Page One.)
and collate all necessary information,
etc
"The council will meet as often as
may be thought necessary under the
presidency of the minister of marine
of the country in which the meeting
is held. The various admiralties will
furnish the council with the informa
tion which is necessary for the work
to be carried out."
DR. ROLLER THROWN
NEW YORK. Dec. 14. Earl Cad
dock of Iowa threw Dr. B. F. Roller ot
Seattle, in 40 minutes and 59 seconds,
with a head scissors and crotch hold in
the international catch as catch can
wrestling tournament here tonight.
Cadtrock arrived in New York from his
home in Iawo only a few minutes be
fore the match and -surprised the fol
lowers of the sport with his decisive
victory.
FINAL ARGUMENTS
CONCORD. N. C. Dec. 14. There
was so little prospect tonight of the
trial tf Gaston B. Means for the
murder of Mrs. Maude A. King, being
completed tomorrow that counsel
asked the court whether a verdict re
turned by the jury on Sunday would be
legal. Superior Judge Cline ruled
that it would. Three lawyers address
ed the court today and a fourth was In
the midst of his argument when court
adjourned.
GIFTS FOR MEN
If you want to put something in his Christmas stocking that will please him
Buy Something Useful
AT A STORE WHERE HE LIKES TO BUY- ONE IN WHICH HE HAS CONFIDENCE.
chwartzBimGo
THE SAFE FLACE
IS THAT STORE
MAIN STREET
A NEW DEPARTURE for the ooy in service or
about to go. Handy Khaki rolls for the KIT.
JUST THE THING Kit, contoining such asticles
as writing tablst, envelopes, memo book, pencil,
etc., at $1.50 and $2.00.
KIT Of toilet articles, brushes, safety razor, flash
light, metal mirror, etc. etc.. in different assort
ments. $6, $7, $3 and $9.
T.'iese kits must be seen to be appreciated.
ARY BRUSHES The .good. kind, in nice
cases, $3.50, to $9.00 Set. "
COLLAfl BAGS All kinds colors, $2.00
to $3.50.
MONEY EELTS Made of waterproof khaki, $1
and $1.50.
MUFFLERS All kinds, from the 50c Phoenix
Muffler up to the $5.00 silk, reefers, all prices in
between.
SLIPPERS Tho?e comfy kind, $1.75 to $2.75.
GLOVES. CLOVES, GLOVES For dress, driving,
work and warmth. Auto Gauntlets galore. Our
Auto Gauntlets (Hansen &. Raywill make), Moc
casin construction, in black and tan, really a fine
assortment- Lined cr unlined. Priced $2.50. to $6.50.
SWEATERS AND SWEATER VESTS We've a
wonderful line of that class of goods at all-times
JUST NOW We've an assortment of numbers
suitable for the boys in the service.
OLIVE DRAB With military collar, opens part
part way down. Just like regulation, $7.50.
JERSEY WEIGHT Made with V-neck, no but
tons, sleevelesj and with sleeves, $3.50.
REGULAR JERSEYS A very good knit. $3.00
and $3.50. . V ,
Many heavier sweaters $4.00 to $10.00 - -
KNIT VESTS In a complete assortment, $4.50,
' $5.00, $6.00, $6.50.
MACKINAW COATS Made up north (where they '
know how) $10.00 to $15.00.
Be careful when you select a Mackinaw get
a real one.
SHEEPSKIN LINED COATS Those heavy warm
ones. $12.50 and $15.00.
OVERCOATS AND RAIN COATS Of Course.
Goodrich ubber Coats $5X0 to $16.00.
SOCIETY BRAND AND KIRSCHBAUMCOATS.
ryf Dn'ii MiimtM""
J imin. Bar saasf Aassessli-
1 I MBettBocUcs iiaU)iaaaa-
I I (natcSUnr itpam; imt aaalit A
II raUburUweU. HmiB C?hHfl
VI tW ntiaiHK f SffilH uni
BELTS Many styles and prices: one in particu
lar, THE H1CKOK INITIAL. BELT, GOLD OR
SILVER PLEATED; any initial, $1.00.
FINER BELTS Silver Buckles and cheaper ones, .
plain.
FOWNES A.DENTS DRESS GLOVES Cape or suede. Hansen's work
ing gloves and guantlets, knit gloves and warm lined gloves. i
NECKWEAR In endless variety. All the styles at 50c, 75c, $1.00,
$1.25, $1.50 and $2.00. . If you really want to please "HIM" ask to see
'our $2.00 Heavy Silk Cravat. '
MEN'S HANDKERCHIEFS All fine linen, with neat long initial made
. by the famous Jas. R. Keiser Co., 35c, $1.00 for box of three.
Plain, all fine linen, 25c and 35c, Cambric, with nice colored initials,
- 2Cs, 3 for 60c, in box; Cambric, plain, 2 for 25c, $1.25 dozen.
. SILK HANDKERCHIEFS plain, fancy or initial, all prices.
NETTLETON AND REGAL SHOES, SOCIETY BRAND CLOTHES-
HOSIERY AND SOX Leading all it our famous PHOENIX SILK
HOSIERY. Men's 55c and 65c. Ladies, in black and white, 90c. Cot
ton and Lisle sox 20c to 35c Wool and Cashmere, five grades, 50c.
UMBRELLAS,
BAGS AND SUIT CASES,
FUTTEES AND LEGGINGS,
TIE AND SOX SETS,
TIE AND MUFFLER SETS,
SUSPENDERS IN BOXES,
PAJAMAS AND ROBES,
SOME SHIRTS
UNDERWEAR.
MALLORY AND STETSON HATS MEN'S JEWELRY, auch as CUFF
LINKS, SCARF PINS, TIE CLASPS, ETC, ETC, GOLD KNIFE AND
CHAIN FOR VEST.
SCHWARTZ BROS. CO.
THE SAFE PLACE
MAIN STREET
GENERAL'S PEP EARNS HIM TITLE OF
"THE MAN WHO NEVER SITS DOWN'
Major General Eben , Swift leads Camp Gordon men on long hike (top),
stands up addressing men (below) after hike. Insert is photo cf generaL
; The boys at Camp Gordon, near Atlanta, Ga, a cantonment for na
tional army men, have dubbed their commandant. Gen. Eben Swift. "The
Man Who Never Sits Down." He goes on a hike whenever possible, beside3
leading the entire body of recruits on a ten-mile walk across country every
Friday, stands up at all conferences and can seldom be found near a chair
unless he is using its seat for a foot rest.
Tim EtaA
1 tj pool
contractors in Bisbee buy
from US. They figure it
is WORTH WHILE to do
o. WHY DONT YOU?
If you need them to
figure your work PHONE
US and we will see that
they get in touch with
you.
If your contractor has
NOT figured with us ask
him to do so; it will be to
your benefit.
Gibson -Hines
Lumber Co.
J.W.FSmith.Mgr. PhoneSS
J. B. f
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
L.
PHONE 29
Recruiting Men Gl BILL BARDON GETS
Swamped by Big PEEVED BECAUSE HE
Army Enlistment im m gfj m
(Continued From Page One.)
Know of Passport Law. and
Finds Himself Held Over
Night In Mexico.
of Quarters for them in the larger. pomler BUbee Man Does Not
cities.
Navy Alto Swamped !
. The navy has been limiting recruit-j
ing tor many weeks to a fixed daily
average for all stations. Men in ex-!
cess of that number who are accepted I
are sent back to their homes subject
to call. Because of the far larger! pill Bardon; who wa3 in the city
number of applicants for army enlist-! late Wednesday afternoon, was not in
ment it has been deemed impractica l a very good humor and his friends
ble to apply the same system - j were at a loss to understand it. as he
The supplies of clothing and other! is always of a genial nature, but the
necessary equipment for recruits has! cause has been discovered, as will
been exhaustid by the rush and it Islbe seen from the following article
desirable, it is held, that the influx j which appeared in the International
should be distributed over a longer, American of the date of Thursday,
perior 0f time. ' Bardon. the prominent citizen
' ! of Rodeo, left Douglas in bad humor
and ' yesterday- He was sure sore through
buu luruuftu tutu as 11c ijuimcu hid ia
in the direction of Rodeo he breathed
. USE ALLEN'S F00TEASE,
The antlaeptic powder to be shaken Into the boe
and sprinkled in the foot-bath. If yon want rest
and comfort for tired, schiBg, swollen, sweating
feet, nae Allen's Foot-Eue. It Instantly relieve
orenene, and prevent Misters and callous spot.
Jnst the tiling for Dancing Parties, Patent Leather
Shoes, and for Breaking in New Shoes. Try U
to-d&'i. bold everywhere, SSc Dn't accept any
tnbtiihtte. For FKEE trial package, addrta
Alien S. Olmsted, La Koy.N. Y.
SUITS
00
To$20
MADE
TO
ORDER
$15
Remember, these suits
are made from genuine
$25 materials.
Every thread guaran
teed Strictly All Wool
with a satisfactory fit or
your money back.
WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OF
LADIES' ALTERATIONS.
D. H. Evans
BREWERY GULCH
Opposite Uncle Jim's
l f" f sBisBvsaaisw -
MCAROHI
BRUCE PERI EY
INSURANCE putt" oT?.".'
BONDS
Copper Queen Hotel
Fidelity
Liability
Bisbee, Ariz.
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50 '
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
DENVER, Dec. 14. Denver
Fort Logan tonight sheltered recruits;
variously estimated at from 7500 to-
HENESSEY
UNDERTAKING PARLORS
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
EYE NERVE GLASSES
Study and much re
search worK sine)
1S92, la the causa of
my successful practice
tn Bisbee. Dr. fcu
Ulaie, Neutrologtst,
itoom 1, Maze Bldg., Phone, Office
U6. Residence, Black 420.
imniwr, r irnw apaiimt thf lm m ii?rat ion
10,000 in the final rush to enter mili- j officlaU of Doth the united Stales anc
tary service Deiore tne expiration ijMexico. All this was because Uili
noon tomorrow of the period for vol-1 progged the international line into
untary enlistment of men of draft : Mexico on Tuesday evening and wasj
age. several nunarea were accepiea , detained there over night an dtae
today, and the recruiting officers ex-i most ot yesterday because he failed to
pected to .work all night in an effort j comply with, or know anything about
to enroll all those who could be ac-lthe passport requirements of those
cepted. who cross to and from Douglas infj
Every train yesterday, last' night1 Mexico. Bill is a native of Ireland,
and today brought recruits from' lived in Texas for a while, in Bisbee
Wyoming, Colorado, Nebraska. Iowa.lior many years and in Kodeo since
Oklahoma and other states of the! Arizona wet dry. He was formerly
west. Hotel accommodations were; in the saloon business in Bisbee and
taxed to the utmost and the nni's In the same business in Kooeo
slept last night on coats, blanket wnere. ne serves many oi ms om im
and tentage on the floor of the union
! PHONE 58
I
I ArVWVVVVVVVAAAV
I I ySl CATARRH
Telephone 446
A Phone Call Will Bring Us. .
LOS ANGELES JUNK 8HOP
! Highest Cash Prices Paid For
Metals. Rubber, Rags, Sacks, Bottles,
! Bones, Iron, Hides, Pelts, etc
HOROWITZ BROTHERS, Proprietors
Lowell, Arizona.
bee and Arizona customers. He was
'x young to know anything about
passports when he left the Emerald
Isle, no one ever heard of a passport
being required to go out of Texas
when the sheriff was not looking,
passports were unknown in BisDoe un
til the 1. W. W. drive last July, and
n uoaeo tne qucsuon in a passpun
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
VWvWAWWA'
CHICHESTER S PILtS
V THE 2IAJ14M nn.VNU. A
station, the Y. M. C. A., the public
bath house, city hall and other build
ings where there was reasonable shel
ter from the cold.
Rush Starts Early
The rush started two days ago, andi
recruiting officers have been forced.
to work a 14-hour daily schedule. Alu.je8 not enter ,nto mya busit.s8, he
branch recruiting office was opened,, ipUverinc the Eoods" and leaving it
at the union station today and every I , nis CUHtoniers to g-t into ami .
outgoing train to the recruit depot atMnrough Arizona. Hence when Bill!
Port Logan carried men who bad been ! was halted at the American custom!
temporarily passed by the recruitiugi house when lie attempted to return to
officers. At noon today a special train j Douglas, after a business visit to
carried 1200 men to the fort. Severali gua Prieta, he was completely dumb-1
hundred others left on later trains; founded and the longer he was held!
or by street cars to Engle wood, where j there the madder he got He called
army trucks met them for the finarand cussed all the American officials ,
Journey to Fort Logan. who could be readied on the tele-:
800 From Omaha phone, but effecting nothing along that
Approximately 800 men arrived line he put in the latter part of Tucs- j
from Omaha. Five hundred came from i :lay night and the forenoon of ednes-1
Tulsa and Oklahoma City, after find- day morning calling to hs- friends in
In,, ir Imnncdhl. t ho rarprf f..r h ! OIHOBO ana LKJUglus buu niu.iu.uis
r . J
nearby recruiting stations. Scores of
Nebraska and Iowa, towns sent their i
At'
T ..'li-.! A.L your Uri1t ihr . V... . . .
"-1 Bin Ribboa. 2
T? V.-l Tk n. mittrr Bir f(i.r v
k. Jf IHllllllSB l'KM riU .(o.t I
AT
WATKINS & BERGQU1ST
Jewelers and Opticians
The HALLMARK stom
fn knom-3 Itest, Safest. Alwsn-s ReiUJ
SOLD FY DKLCCI5TS flTRVWHERf
rtfcVI&W WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
; L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
l Correspondents: Paine, Weber oV Co Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
C LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
:SPECLfy ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
hem to take him out "jf hock. Among
those who were appealed t'J for help
- rr. , r U .. 1. T
No estimate of the number accepted . ,a.kard of thi8 rit
ny tne local recruiung omces ,or an ..Af,er he finally t .y to the
branches of the service tonight could I ,, . nlg adopted COUntry. Bill fjld
UJ IllttUO, UUl It WHS BttlU 1UC uwuiwci
COPI'ER QUEEN TIOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
ITie best of everything at reasonable a la carte price.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. ra. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
would run well into the hundreds.
Emergency Housing
a rriena mat aunag inc pasi iu
vears he had quenched the thirst of
'his city when throats were parching;
YCU CANT GO WRONG AT THE "SAFE PLACE." QUALITY GOODS, mark- S
cd at a fair profit ALL THE TIME We won t boast of LOWER PRICES. Io
make good we would have to lower the standard of merchandise with the reaction of
DISGUSTED CUSTOMERS.
Tonight ctiuren, public Duuaings hft h.d entertained Douglasites in
and the hotels were again utilized to rjodeo many the time and that he felt
house the men. Those who could be ; that he had not received the fcpeecy
accommodated at Fort Logan werej relief in his Aguu Prieta trouble to
given blanket, e pile of hay or tent-1 which those services entitled him."
age and allowed to sleep on the floorj -'-
unvwhere i l'tor. wre eiven orders! and navy were accept ct here today.
on Denver hotels and restaurants and
transporte-l back to the city for the'
night. The rescue mission cafed for;
?00 and other thousands were cared
for on nmUeshirt bedH wherever room
ou!d be round. I
Of this uoinber 155 were sent to the
army an1 51 to the navy. Another
record day Is expected tomorrow, the
last day for enlistments under the
new draft rule. Men from all parts
of the nouthwesl were arriving .here
tonight to enlist.
i
IN EL PASO
KI, PASO. Tex., tmc. 11 To hun
dred aud bU recruits for the army I
REVIEW
BRING
WANT ADS
RESULTS.
B?5
GOOD LUMBER IS
BOTTOM
AT THE
Bisbee Lumber Company, inc
ot our success. Low prices may
help some, but it's the fine qual
ity of our lumber that brings
our customers back time and
again. It pays us to sell rood
lumber. It will pay you better
to buy it. It lasts longer and
is more satisfactory to work up.
Try us with an order and you'll
come back when you want more.
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE 2S THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 15, 1917.
THREE
r
REGISTRANTS
COUNTY
GETTING
QUES
I
Cochise county's expemtion
mailed out practically all of the first
600 questionaires; men numbered
from 1 to 514. and by December 17 will
have mailed out the same blanks of
men numbered from 515 to 997. All
blanks, properly fined in and attested,
must be returned seven days after the
date of mailing by the exemption
board. The remaining numbers will
be mailed as fast as the local board
can handle the work.
The questionaire Is primarily a num
ber of questions divided into 12 series.
All of the answers that the registrant
! army in which you prefer to serve if
selected: Artillery, aviation, engineer
corps, infantry, medrca? rpariment.
ordnance department or quartermas-
; ter's corps.
I 9. Schooling: ' Grade reached in
! sch'.iol. years in hteh sc hool, vears in
college. Name of college und sub
; jects of specialization. Years in tech
: nieal Bchonl. Name of school and
course pursued. I'nrferline the lan-
on i o vtn unntilr oil Vncrliuh
. Fre.ich, German. State any other lan-
. . guases you speak well,
beard has !.,.. , ,
me lenin ana eievenin questions are
devoted to a list of 87 occupations,
with 57 subheads, and the registrant is
asked to underline the occupation 'or
occupations he has worked at. He is
asked to draw two lines under the oc
cupation he considers himself expert
in. The eleventh question gives a
place for the registrant to set down
any occupation not listed at which he
considers himself an expert.
The remaining three questions af
ford the registrant the opportunity to
give any criminal history that may
have entered into the story of his life.
The questionaire contains blanks to
makes to the questions asked must be
sworn to, as well as supporting affi-jbe used in claiming exemption for the
davits made by persons claiming de
ferred classifications for the regis
trant. Each series t questions, with the
exception of series No. 1, leads off
with a general or "key" question to
the series, and In the majority of cases
the answer to this question determines
whether or not the registrant answers
the remaining questions in the series.
All registrants, however, must an
swer all the questions in the first se
ries. 15 questions in all. This series
of questions answered by all of the
registrants will give the government
registrant under any one of the three
reasons: Dependency, industrial or
agricultural.
Too great emphasis cannot be
placed upon the need for the regis
trant to make sure that he receives,
fills out and returns within the seven
day time limit the questionaire sent to
him. Section 96 of the selective serv
ice regulations has the following to
say on the matter of returning the
questionaire: "The questionaire, an
swered and sworn to in strict Accord
ance with these rules and regulations
must be filed with the local
RAILWZiT STATION IS WRECKED AND HARBOR WHERE
I SHIP BLEW UP SUFFERS MILLIONS OF DAMAGE
r
a comprehensive idea of the training , Doar(i on or before the seventh davr
ana experience or an or us men oi after the date of the mailing of the
mi.Va.,8g& questionaire. It shall be the duty of
ine nrsi io questions as lor tne every registrant to whom a question
name, aKe. occupation, ana aaaress aire na8 Deen mailed, but who, for
or me registrant ; aiso tne name, aa- some reas,on or other has not received
dress and relationship of the regis- ga,i questionaire. to apply to his local
irant s nearest relative; aiso tne name : Doar(1 for a cooy there0f. Failure to
and address of the employer of the receive the notice and the questionaire
re.. . - i will nt excuse the registrant from re-
ine remaining questions o: series gpondinR within th time limit, nor
ivo. x are as ijuowb. . i shall not be gi'Jund for an extension
3. Give below all the occupations at 0f time." i ;
which you .have worked during the ' ''
past 10 years, including your occupa-; '
tion on May 18, 1917. and since that ! There la more Catarrh in this section of
, . ,vi nt tima : he country than all other diseases put
date, and the length of time j ou have , together nd untu he lajt ffiW yea
served in each occupation. waB gupposed to be Incurable. For a
4. How many hours per week have ' (treat many years doctors pronounced it a
you worked in the cupation or occu-: -J d8farnUvr"ra1iil,rlor'cu
pations named during the period Since Wlth local treatment, pronounced It tncur
May 18, 1917? able. Science has proven Catarrh to be
; Tn rliit ocennntinn do von con-: constitutional disease, and therefore re
ft, in WJiat occupation uo you con Qujvs constitution,,, treatment. Hall's
Slderyourself most proficient? I Catarrh Cure, manufactured by jr. J.
6. WOUld you be Willing to take free Cheney & Co.. Toledo. Ohio, is the only
evening school instructions, fn
yourself for some occupation in
arrnv hofnre vou are called to camn?! They offer one hundred U liars for any
' .. . .1 ... I .. 1 ... . . .ImxI.M
fitting' i onsuiiMinnai cure on tne mnricet. it m
tne blood and mucous surfaces of the system.
T mllitsrv aTTHr cnM '"' " cure.
you have had giving organization rank j
and length of service.
8. Underline the himofc r -'
Adilrets: F. J. OHENET ik CO.. Toledo. O.
Bld by Drurelst. ?5c
Take Hs'I'p Famllr Pllla fir copstlpatloa.
Always Have PERUNA
Mrs. L. A. Patterson, 1399 Kentucky p. i fT-l
Bt, Memphis, Tennessee, writes: I I i
T have been a friend of Peruna CoilgllS
for many years. I have used It off i f 1J I
and on for catarrhal complaints and clUCt VOICIS lf -found
It a very excellent remedy. 1 yli RS
I have a small family of children. Ill U16 '
Times are hard with us, but I can IT D on rJ
scarcely afford to do- without Peru- 110111 6 iVCCGIIlillCilU
E&, especially during the season of . A T LL
the year when coughs and colds 11 10 VUI ncIgUDOlb.
are prevalent We always recom- :
mend Peruna to our neighbors, for Those who object to liquid medi
the benefit it has been to us." cines can procure Peruna Tabiets.
,1
13 S.' ' V - U
1
:1 kZ&;
d. j W (--- T'.fc(!.--jfc-'!K-S5
1W
I I I t II ! P 11.1 Mill II ! I I I W f4 .s.m-.
5
ail i
It 1 .. II:
Halifax railway station which was wrecked (top) and vieT of docks in harbor.
Tii9 Intercolonial Rai'.way station, an old building erected in 1876, collapsed when a munitions ship blew
up in the Halifax harbor. Saying waste almost the entire north section of the city. Millions of dollars worth
of damace was done to the piers and docks in the harbor by the styick and the fires which followed. In both
these places many of the dead were founL . " -- .
BREEN REMAINS IN
CHARGE OFTHE DRAFT
Military Aide to Governor Ef
fects Compromise With
Government and Sticks to
the Job.
First Annual Sale
Lowell Jewelry Shop
AGENTS FOR
gouUxBcnd
In this store you
will find only
mercha ndise of
proven superiority
Goods we can
hone stly recom-
f5 mend to you
We carry a full stock of Watches, Ladies and Men's
Wrist Watches, Diamonds, Rings, Lavalliers, Brooches,
Watch Chains, Watch Fobs, Silverware, French Ivory,
and we are going to save you from
10 to 50 Per Cent
on all articles of Jewelry in this store
We would like to have you see for yourself the up-to-date
line we carry.
Remember a small deposit will hold any article we
'"v. Now is the time to select your holiday presents.
Lowell Jewelry Shop
MAIN STREET
LOWELL
r.'c'onel Brten will continue as mili
ary oido'to Governor Campbell "un
i' further orders."
Tilt, irtually means that the colo
.cl'j invaluable assistance to the
tutu in the matter of handling the
:tcf. in the staie will ;e main ainsd
.m i' the work is complete.
In a telegram to Governor Campbell
j Thursday, Provost Marshal General
rowder stated that there would be
no ctjection to Colonel Breen contin
uing his work in his former capacity.
The telegram from the general came
following an exchange of messages
between him and Governor Campbell,
when Colonel Breen tendered his res
ignation to the war department on
account of the density of the popula
tion in the east.
j The colonel would have been
pleased to continue his work for the
! government under the old arrange
; ment where be had n,o military rating.
But when as a reward for his labors
! he was offered a commission as cap
I tain in the reserve corps, while men
1 holding similar positions in other
j states were given higher commissions
I Colonel Breen tendered bis resigna
tion.
"I would have been perfectly satis
fied to have continued under the old
order of things, but the change, to
gether with its high recognition of
service was too much," he said.
The move on the part of the war
REGARDING FILING GF
CERTIFICATES ON
MINING ASSESSMENTS
Attorney General Gives Opin
ion That It is Only Neces
sary to File Notices, Not
Record. V
DR. LA ROSE
THE MASTER EIIKD
CLAIRVOYANT AND PALMIST
"Regarding the filing of certificates
of exemption from annual assessment
work. County Recorder Ray B. Krebs
has received a copy of a letter from
Attorney General Wiley Jones, writ
ten to the recorder of Maricopa coun
ty and which will prove of Increst to
all who have mining claims in this
county:
"Hon. Vernon L. Vaughn, County;
Recorder, . Phoenix, Ariz.:
"Dear Sir: Your letter of the 1st
inst, containing a number of inquiries
in referenec to joint resolutions Nos.
10 and 12 of the present congress
representing the suspension of annual
labor assessments upon mining claims
fcr the years 1917. and 1918 has been
received, and in answer thereto
I would state: ' '
"l. The notice of claim for such ex
emption is to be filed only by the
county recorder, the fee for which is
OA nonta anH ia nnl rpnillrpri in hA
recorder, for the sole purpose of sav-jCTADI I AA?! T fSTFN!
ing that expense to the claimant. The JlVl i 1AUIX. .LU1UU
elimination of the recording expense. ARE YOU IN TROUBLE?
as well as the annual labor, is for thej if o, why not let the great LA ROSE
mirnnu. nf conserving the financial, help you, as he is helping others ev-
and labor resources throughout the
mining fields of the country.
Those coming from out of the city
will find DR. LA ROSE'S parlors
restful and retired. Private reception
I parlors, and so arranged that you
meet no strangers. Absolute privacy
assured.
PRIVATE PARLORS
GOLDEN HOTEL
MAIN STREET, BISBEE
Private Reception Room for Each
Caller.
BEST BEYOND QUESTION"
notice to be sworn to or acknowl-
ery day? In order to demonstrate his
wonderful clairvoyant powers, and
"2. The law does not require such 'at ou may avail yourself of the
and best psychic at the lowest
11, n V. n V.Im.
tu. Aonnrt- - i . cost, r.e wm, lur a uuu uuic, uuus
The depart- Buoh expense also. ,1..,, . v ,v .fah .t
half of the former price. Can
you, in Justice to yourself, miss this
of attaining your
,?AnnAn. nli.nn. n n fl Til Ofl tk Tl Cllt.1 1 I VrAA n rtfflna. thus BtvltlP CSt
:.::r" ...w 7.: " v ..: r, cost, he win. tor a
mnv la satlfifiaH th a nlnnol fa sntis-l rA nlofm n Hnvon rlnima nt !
lieu, anu i iic bluic luuimutq u nv i g large nuuiutr may on omuiowu j
from nls excellent services
m
Hoover says: "It is your patriotic duty to use vege
table oils in place of fats for cooking.
MRS. R. L. DALY
Is Demonstrating
1
azoia ui
In Our Grocery Department
Tocjay and Saturday
Mazola Oil is a wonderful vegetable oil, made from
golden American corn in American refineries.
It is less expensive, better and more healthful than
butter, lard or compounds for frying, shortening and
for salads.
This oil is strongly indorsed by Hoover for house
hold economy. Come in today and hear what Mr3.
Daly has to say about the good results that can be ob
tained by using Mazola Oil. '
Don't Miss This Special Opportunity
Early Christmas Shopping and
Six o'Clock Closing
We close every day at six p. m., therefore, we hope
you will shop early every day from now 'till Christmas.
The War Advisory Committee requests us to co-operate
with them in conserving light and heat the
merchant who closes early fulfills his patriotic duty in
these matters.
Some months ago we agreed with our employes to
close at six o'clock every day in the week. This
early closing is indorsed by the Loyalty League, Citizen's
Protective Association. Women's Loyalty League, Local
Red Cross, Y. M. C. A., Y. W. C A., and Warren Dis
trict Commercial Club. This agreement has not been
deviated from by us.
Fine Silverware
A dozen knives and forks in ary of the standard
designs will be an excellent beginning for that set of
silverware, ard can be matched later in tea poons, table
spoons, salad fork's, butter spreaders and so on.
Our line of silverware is distinguished for its wear
ing qualities and artistic merit, and is guaranteed fGr
years of service. The prices are within range of every
purse.
JEWELRY
GIFTS
As for jewelry so broad are the
varieties of novelties and staple
articles, it seems that nothing can
be desired that our stock does not
include. Jewelry of dependable
quality, and the moderate prices
are sure to please.
United States Food Administration License No. G-13942
IN EL PASO
E Jl. Tovrea, the butcher, 1b spend
ing a few days in El Paso on business
connected with his government beef
contract -
SETTER. THAN MUOBL
ilicusands Have Discovered Dr.
Edwards' Olive Tablets zso
a Harrales3 Substitute
Dr. Edwards CUv2 Td;!ofc Its subsU
.te fcr calomel era a mild tut cure
xative, cr.d thc!r c-Tect ca the Lvcr ii
.nost instantaneous. Thry arc the rcsuli
I Dr. Edwards' dctcrmirr.tica ret to trct
ver end bowel complainta vr.ih calomcL
lis efforts to banish it brousht out these
.ttle olivc-colorcd tablet!
These pleasant little fclet3 co the ood
n one nuu jui . " great opportunity
in me aiiiuii vii fuuui every wish
and just as a mortgage or deed may , what the Mind yejjs You Tn,t
aescnue one aero or icu muunauu
acres without additional expense.
"4. As noted above, the fee for fil
ing such notice is 20 cents in iull
payment for the same.
"I shall give wide publicity by;
copies of this letter sent throughout
the state. WILEY JONES.
You May Well Believe, for His
Unerring Forecast of the Fix
ture Has Been Sought by
Many Thousands of Peo
ple in All Lands.
DR. LA ROSE positively has no
equal in being able to bring about
your every desire. His work has been
commended by more satisfied clients
I than he could enumerate. A PAIL
! t'RE TO DR. LA ROSE IS C.V
! KNOWN.
nnrl Mail $!nnn HE TELLS Y0U wnAT Y0U
UHU ItlUll kjOUlll CALLED FOR OR MAKES NO
j CHARGE: whom and when you will
I marry; if the one you love is true;
Here is a schedule of Christmas j rln8 about happy marriages: gives
.mailing: power to control over any one yon
The following Is the postmasters. )ove or admire, even miles away; ad
schedule for the mailing of Christ-, vises on all kinds of business: locates
Shop Early
, mines, treasures, absent people.
Office Hours 9 a. m. to 8 p.
Dally and Sunday.
etc.
m.
During Sale We Will Keep Open Until 8:00 P. M.
mas packages if they are to arrive
in the various states on time. De-
Jiat calomel doci but havo no bad after I lays through storms, new mail train
effects. They don't injure the teeth like I clerks and other elements are em-
strong liquids or calwr-d. Thsy take hold j baarrasslng the service. Shop early '
of the trouble and quickly correct it Why 6nd mail soon Is the advice of the South Dakota, Washington, West Vlr-
; ?ure the liver Bt the expense oi tne teeuir posta service. States not mentioned ginla Wisconsin, Wyoming.
1 Caiomel sometimes plays havoc with the cannot now be reached In time for December 17 Florida, Georgia.
gums. SodoEtronliquidi It n best not Chrlstnias. 'owa. Kansas. Kentucky, Missouri.
! J?.H? calomel, but to let Lir. lwarda , number 15 Connecticut, Maine, Nebraska. Tennessee, Alabama.
kt bSaflidl-- nd that Massachusetts. New Hampshire. Ver- Ierember 13-19 I-ouisiana. Missis-
i leStelSSfaSpati and jnont. Rhode Uland Delaware Wash- sippl. Oklahoma. Texas, (eastern
a disordered liver. Take Dr. Edwards' Ington (D. C). Idaho. Maryland. Mon- points). Ltah. .
i Olive Tablets when you feel "loggy" and tana. New Jersey. New York. Penn- December 20 Arkansas, Colorado,
"heavy." Nota bow they "clear" clouded sylvanla. Illinois. Indiana. Minnesota, Nevada.
; brain and how tbey "perk up" the spirits. Michigan. North Carolina, North Da-1 December 21 Arliona. California.
10c and 25c a box. All druggists. kota, Ohio, Oregon, South Carolina, New Mexico.
i '
Market
Mason
Saturday Specials
Veal Shoulder 22c Pound
Veal Leg 30c Pound
Veal Loin 30c Pound
Veal Stew ISc Pound
Rump Beef 22c Pound
Round Steak 23c Pound
Rib Boil 12V2c Pound
T - Bones . 35c Pound
New Krout LlOc Pound .
DILL AND SOUR PICKLES.
Majestic Hams 36c Pound
PHONE 324 ACROSS CITY PARK
NOTICE TO REGISTRANTS 1 atically. naming probably some cen-
A meeting of the legal advisory ! tral Place where advisors will be found
,,, . . , , " . . . in attendance at fixed hours,
board will be held at Tombstone to-, EDW J FLAXIGXX
day upon the call of Jude Locrwooc. , chairmaIU
rbamnan. A plan of organizing the ;
lawyers and others willing to cope-: ,-e-
rate with the lawyers in assisting reg- BURIED IN Tucson
1st rants to answer the questionaire ' The remains of the late C. X. Cav!s.
will then be formulated. Xot later the painter, were buried in Tucson n
than Tuesday morning, possibly Thursday, nndcr the auspices of the
earlier, notice will be given through Tainters union tf that city. The ex
the newspapers of the scheme de- pense of the funeral will be born by
vised for handling all cases system- the Bisbee unign. four -riwaror
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company.
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press Is exclusively entitled to the
nu tnr rennhKoatinn of all newt disnatch.es credited Xo
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
BRANCH CONNECTING ALL DEPARTMENTS.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of Maroh 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
urn unvril .76
THREE MONTHS
SIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year.
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter.
2.25
4.00
7.50
2.50
.76
No Subacrlptlon Taken For Lesa Than 75 Cents.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department , No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor If the irregularity of delivery la reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger Service
applies to Bisbee only.
Saturday Morning, December 15, 1917.
Cleary's Mantle On
Hayden?
Congressman Carl Hayden f Arizona sends to The
Review a copy of a bill he has drawn and Introduced in
this session of congress that makes deportation of any
body of men from a community a crime. He seems to
be proud of his measure, as he sent along a letter declar
ing that he would do all he could to get it passed.
If he could hear the surprised and bitter condemnation
of his bill by Bisbee people who have been his friends
and supporters he might lose some of his pride. "Has
Hayden taken Bill Cleary's place in the L W. W. ranks V
Inquired a citizen of Tee Review editor yesterday.. Not
knowing for certain, this editor hesitated to reply.
But one thing is certain, the vast majority of home
owners and home buildeis and patriots of this state will
resent Hayden's direct lap at their citizenship.
The Bisbee deportation was warranted by patriotic
right under the circumstances. This city drove the loaf
ers and intimidators away. It struck In defense of Its
life. -
The fact that a commission of radical union labor
sympathizers came -along months afterwards and con
demned an act of which they knew nothing, does not
change it. Nor does the cheap political play of this con
gressman from this state change it.
If he is fishing for Ue labor vote, all very well, but
be will have to pay for his bait
A WAR OF RESOURCES.
(Kansas City Star.
American officers back from Europe are quoted in
Washington dispatches as saying that Germany probably
will put forth her utmost strength this winter to impress
the German people with the belief in her military invinci
bility, while bidding secretly for peace.
Germany is still capable of delivering strong blows
and a successful, or even partly successful offensive,
might deceive the allies as well as the German people
into believing what the German leaders would like to
have them believe. But war is not a matter of the
strength of a front line s.lone; it is a matter of resources,
and back of the line Germany is hopelessly overmatched
by herenemies. The difference in the resources of belliger
ents doesn't show up in the first years of a war, but it
shows up in the last year sometimes very suddenly.'
Up to the last year of the Civil war there was no
sign that the Confederacy was breaking. In the battles
of Grant's Wilderness campaign Lee's army showed all
Its old fighting qualities, and from a military viewpoint
solely there was nothing to indicate that the south could
n't go on. fighting for three years more.
We now know that at the moment Lee's veterans were
stopping Grant at Cold Harbor, plunging the north into
the deepest depression of spirit, and causing many faint
hearted patriots to say the south never could be con
quered, the Confederacy In reality was broken and reel
ing back to Its final collapse which came only a few
months later. Like all wars the Civil war was one of re
sources, and when the weight of the North's superior re
sources began to tell the end was only a question of
time. It will be so in this war. Looked at from the out
side Germany is still strong, but her weakness Is the
Confederacy' weakness and her collapse when it comes
will be from the same cause.
Vassar, the borne of the feminine highbrow and fancy
chocolates and silks and laces and the ne plus ultra of
girl culture, has stood the test of war like the silk in
an American battle flag. For, be it known, the Vassar
girl can do other things besides dance and chat and
shine at the New York horse show. A Vassar girl in
France. Miss Julia Norton of the class of '16, is teaching
French tots in a shell-scarred school house right behind
the firing lino. Her work is priceless. Kite Is doing it
in the most practical way. No fuss or feathers or fool
ishness; just American womanhood at its best. Great
In Yasser.
MOTHER SHIPTON'S PROPHECY.
A house of glass shall come to pass,
In England, but alas!
War will follow with the work
In the land of the Pagan and Turk;
And state and state in fierce strife
Will seek each other's life.
But when the North shall divide the South
An Eagle shall tuild in the Lion Mouth.
And accidents fill the world with woe,
' Primrose hill in . London shall be,
And in its center a Bishop's See;
Around the world thoughts shall ny.
In the twinkling of an eye.
Water shall yet wonders do.
Now, strange, shall yet be true;
The world upside down shall be.
And gold found at the root of a tree;
Through hills man shall ride,
, And no horse or ass be by his side; ,
Under water men shall walk,
Shall ride, shall sleep, shall talk;
In the air men shall be seen.
In white, in black, in green;
Iron In the water shall float, .
As easy as a wooden boat.
Gold shall be found, and found
In a land that's not now known.
Fire and water shall more wonders do,
England shall at last admit a Jew;
The Jew that was held in scorn
Shall of a Christian be born.
Three tjmes three will lovely France
Be led to dance a bloody dance . v
Before her people shall be free.
Three tyrant rulers shall she see, , j
Three times the people rule alone.
- Three times the people's hope is gone.
Three rulers in succession see.
Each springing from a different dynasty.
Then shall the worser fight be done,
England and France shall be as one.
No mere mortal, outside the major prophets of the
scriptures ever made such true and wonderful forecasts
as did this old English daTie four hundred years ago.
She predicted steam, the iron ship, the automobile, the
airship, the finding of gold in America (then undiscover
ed), and the religious wars of Europe and the union of
France and England, enemies since their settlement by
barbarians, and also the Great war.
DIDN'T GET HIM.
The London Observer finds satisfaction in the fact
that a British ship bearing the name "David Lloyd
George" had reached port safely after being torpedoed.
The satisfaction expressed is more than Justified, de
clares the Los' Angeles Tribune. It does credit to the
London paper. In fact, this incident is a good omen.
Many a torpedo of British origin, not German, has been
launched in the hope of "getting" David Lloyd George.
Sure enough the doughty Welshman is entitled to be list
ed under the head "unsuccessfully attacked." .
It will be remembered that Lloyd George made a
speech in Paris in which he spoke with brutal frankness
of "blunders," and to avoid future fatal blunders advo
cated an intensity supreme strategic council.
Whereupon former Premier Asquith and numerous
others, including certain British newspapers of promin
ence, bitterly assailed him for Impeaching the infallibility
of Britain's strategy and British supremacy when Britons
are fighting. Lloyd George let his critics unload their
expletives and then in a ringing speech, such as a natural
fighter only could deliver, he mataphorically cut the
ground from under them and drove them to cover. There
they have been content to remain ever since. Dayid
Lloyd George isn't so easily torpedoed. His victory is
complete. . '
And now comes Lord Northcliffe in his London Times
and inquires why it was possible for the British army
to win the great Cambrai victory one day and be beaten
by the same foe the next. He intimates pretty strongly
that there must have been a lot of incompetency in the
high command there. In other words, the British ere
caught asleep, and Northcliffe wants an Investigation and
a new deal. If old officers are not efficient, new ones
should be placed in charge. The official reports' of that
trouncing the Huns gave to the victorious British did
not tell the truth. They covered up and dwelt upon the
enormous German losses instead of upon their own. Gen
eral Maurice, military director, admits a grave defeat
before Cambrai. The facts, leaking out by direct infor
mation from officers in the battle, have stirred up a
criticism that will doubtless result in a thorough investi
gation of the plans and conduct of the second Cambrai
battle. It might also be added here that Secretary of War
Baker of the U. S. A. is also under fire for unexplainable
delays In important war work. He has been up to the
minute on rules and regulations for the army, but is far
behind in rifles, machine guns and cannon. - '
The kaiser ought to jet Gd to prevent Mohammed
from laying down so completely on the job In Palestine.
Has the partnership been dissolved by the action of the
junior partner? ' !
We are learning to do without tut many things during
the war that hen pace comes we arc not likely to re
sume the use of many. And that will be a distinct gain
In more ways than one.
Rippling Rhymes
(By WALT MASON.)
TRYING TO SLEEP
There nueht to he some sort of law
forbidding noises rank and raw, at
n'ght, when people would repose, and
it snr.ie si.orinz through t'-ie nose.
At 10 o'clock I soak my head and
straightway toddle oft to bed, and
hope to give my life new rest by hav
ing one eood slice of rest. An old
gray cat prowls round my shack and
splits the welkin up tne Daca. joy
riders arnnt alone- the street and raise
pink thunder and repeat A young
man with a cheap guitar comes sing
in whprn the damsnls are. and their
abode is lust next door how can a
weary mortal snore? The milkman's
wagon jolts along; the milkman
smites hia brazen song, and makes
the night a discord fierce, while sell
ing cowjulce by the tierce. And now
a doe lets out a wail; there's tinware
fastened to his tall, and like a shot
I hear It arorrh heneath mv open
sleeping porch. All through tne nigni
the uproar goes; one must be dead
to find repose, and when at dawn I
Ipuva mv couch. I have a large and
lasting grouch, my head is sore be
neath my tile, and I forget to sing
and smile.
JUDGE SMITH RESIGNS
POSITION TO ENTER
WAR Y.IK, A. WORK
To accept the positton of over-sea's
secretary of the Young Men's Christian
association. Judge Frank O. Smith, one
of the ablest jurists in the state, has
resigned his position as judge of the
superior court of Yavapai county and
will sail before the end of the year for
France.
It was while Judge Smith was a
member of the first Officers' training
camp at the Presidio chat the New
York committee asked him to consider
taking up the big service work abroad
and he was again approached by rep
resentatives of the organization who
urged his acceptance. Eager lo serva
his country In whatever capacity ne
could be of the greatest servic?, Judg
Smith decided to close his affairs and
yesterday made the announcement o?
his plans at a meeting of the bar as
sociation in Prescott. .
He will leave Prescott aily in the
week and although the date of his de
parture for "over there" has noi been
given out It is known to be some time
this month. He will pay his entire ex
penses on thetrip across.
In the recent drive of the Y for war
funds. Judge Smith served as Yavapai
county chairman and it was largely
through his efforts that his county
broke the record by subscribing more
funds per capita than any other coun
ty in tte union.
He has served on the bench in Yav
apai ever since statehood and his name
has been prominently .mentioned for
the supreme court He is recogntzad
by the state bar as one of its leading
members and is looked upon as one of
the most brilliant iudfies who have
ever presided over the courts in Ari
zona. '
After graduating villi high honors
from an eastern university. Judge
Smith came west, goin; to Tucson,
where he became a member of the fac
ulty of the University of Arizona, oc
cupying the chair of history and eco
nomics. Later, he went t- Prescott
where he practiced law. Six years ag
he was elected superior court judge
snd has been re-elected every succeed
ing election. Actively interested in all
betterment work, he has co-operated
with all movements that tended re
ward this end. He Is a staunch patriot
and when war was declared was one
of the first to offer himself for serv
ice. i
CONFISCATED WHISKY MAY
BE TAKEN BY GOVERNMENT
THE VASSAL OF THE GERMAN GOVERNMENT
riitwmt LET THfiT
'worry wu -merr)
T RL WAYS BUN
YOUR FRIEND 1
sini n the date of nrohibitlon in Ari
zona, many thousands of gallons of al
coholic liquors nave oeen aesiroyeu,
taken from illicit sellers, all meaning
waste Of an immense amount of
money, gaged upon the value of the
alcohol lost It now is proposed, as
a war measure that "destroyed." un-
Aar thn lanenaee of the Arizona law.
shall be interpreted as the turning of
the captured booze over to govern
ment officers, for redistillation for
the alcohol, this to be- used by tne
army medical service.
This disposition has ben suggested
by Gov. Campbell, who nas juBt re
rivpl a letter from H. P. McClaln,
adjutant general of the army, approv-
Ing the plan. The letter reciies: - u
nnur unnMi-a that thA larCB OUgntitieS
of alcoholic liquors being confiscated
and destroyed legally in several oi
the states can be redistilled and the
nnro airtihnl in it thus be made avail
able for military uses. The advan
tages of conserving sufch use by me
federal government If it can be done,
are, of course, obvious."
It is understood that the law may be
Interpreted in favor of the proposed
new destination of the captured spirits,
ihnunh tliprp nmv be found dif
ficulty In the way of transportation.
unless delivery is made to tne govern
ment at each separate county seat
T a rtra stnrnB nt smnireled whiskv now
are held at almost every county seat.
especially at uioDe, Tucson, iomo
stone and Phoenix.
THAT ANGORA GOAT
They are going to give away that
angOra goat at the Y. M. C. A. lyceuin
course entertainment of the Alpine
Yodlers Saturday night Not the Y's
goat, but just a Red Cross benefit
goat that goes to some lucky fricuo
of the Red Cross activities for theal
lind and United States soldier in the
great war. A goat and a musical pro
graw on the same menu ought tO be a
double treat.
mtmh
flusTRiR Py
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS.
State and County News Briefs
Brief State Notes
On Monday night in Nogales 125
new members joined the Moose lodge
in that city.
The Globe Catholics held a very suc
cessful bazaar last Saturday. The
money received is for church improvement
Hon. Geo. A. Olney was a Tucson
visitor this week. , Mr. Olney recently
bought cattle ranch 60 miles south
east of Tucson.
Mr. H. L. Cort, at the Office of Roy
& TItcomb, Inc., Nogales, has been
appointed explosive licensing agent
for Santa Cruz county. '
Prof. R. E. Gerher, principal of the
Nogales high school, has gone to Los
Angeles to enter the service of the
government as a chemist.
Frank Guiterez. of Ray. arrived in
Tucson with nine pints of the "cussed
stuff in his valise. The police g'Jt
him and be now languishes In tne
cooler.
Secretary Bristol, of the Nogales
Chamber of Commerce, has made his
annual report showing that the organt
zation accomplished much good dur
ing the past year.
G. T. Bowen, a helper at the South- j
ern Pacific I'jundhouse at Tucson was
arrested on a warrant from Cochise
county, charging non-support He is
wanted in Tombstone.
change of seed between counties of the
state.
WInslow Mail: Mrs. Frederick
Weage, wife of the deputy United
States marshal, and Mrs. AL Williams,
wife of the manager, of the Ford ho
tel, who In this home town of Phoe
nix are popular society ladies, de
mure and sweet passed through Wins
low Monday in charge of four Mexican
women who have been sentenced to
federal prison at Canyon City, Col.
About 115,000 damage has been done
t'j the town of Cottonwood, in the
Verde valley by a fire that started In
the rear of a flimsy frame structure.
The loss included five large business
buildings. An insurance adjuster has
canceled all Insurance that was in
force in the town, save upon a con
crete building, and this embargo will
remain in force until better buildings
are erected or a fire fghting system is
installed.
County Briefs
Officers of the Eleventh field artil
lery at Douglas1 ar new taking in
struction In gas defense. They are
using regulation masks for the pur
pose. A seriea of lectures on the
subject is being given by Captains
Metcalf and Wilkinson, who arrived
at Douglas a few days ago. They took -the
course at Fort Sill and are now
giving lessons to the officers of the
southern department
Articles of Incorporation were filed
in the office Of the state corporation
commission by the following new cor
porations: York Copper company.
Samuel Mortheland, Decatur, Illinois.
Mrs. M. P. Lock wood, state leader
of the county borne demonstration
work tor Arizona, has Just returned
to Tucson from a week's trip with
Mis Elsie Toles. superintendent of
schools for Cochise county, visiting
the schools of Cochise county, where
demonstrations and lectures On school
lunches were given.
Atotrney General Wiley Jones has
promised County Attorney Kirk Moore
at Tucson that he will render an opin
ion on the legality of selling medi
cines with a pronounced alcoholic in
gredient in Order that the practice
regulating such sale may be uniform
in all counties of tne state, air.
Moore will visit Mr. Jones at the cap
ital shortly and take with him for the
attorney general's official inspection
several varieties of tonics that are
and have been Obtainable in the local
drug market
A jury in United States district
court rendered what is believed to be
a far-reaching decision today when it
decided in favor of the Old Dominion
Mining and Smelting company in the
case of Frank Allen, miner, suing for
$23,000 for injuries received while in
the Old Dominion's employ. Allen
alleged he contracted tuberculosis
while employed in the mine and claim
ed the disease was the result of dust
and poisonous gases in the mine: that
the company did not ventilate Its prop
erty properly and that sprinkling de
vices were not provided as the state
law requires.
j In an effort to stamp out prostitn
I tion in Douglas, two mors property
. owners were arrested there Thursday,
; charged with setting up and conduct
ing houses of ill fame. Three men
have been arrested on soch charges
this week. The two men arrested
are Frank Itule and Mike Sadie. The
third was Frank Clark, whose trial
was had Thursday afternoon in Judge
lUeumler's court The complaints were
sworn out against Itule and Sadie in
Tucson and their arrests made in
! Douglas. They were released on 50
bonds to await examination in Judge
Ueumler's court next Monday.
J. W. Williams, superintendent of
tha niohn and Cochise division of the
Arizona Eastern rajlway, is to start;
for the Gila valley. He will spend a ;
short time there and then proceed to
the Cochise division, where he will In-j
spect some construction work that is
now under way. The Cochise division
is being re-laid with 75-pound steel. ;
Globe Record.
Governor Thomas E. Campbell yes-'
terday was the recipient of a hand
some biOwn seal traveling bag. the gift:
of Tucson lodge. No. 385, B. P. O. E.. !
as a mark of esteem to the chief execu- j
tive of the state from that order, with
which he has been closely Identified.
Governor Campbell recently was the!
orator at tbe memorial service of the1
TuckOn lodge of Elks. !
State Entomologist A. W. Morrell
states that the Arizona prohibition on
the importation of cottonseed from
outside the state is absolute and may
be broken only to tne extern mai per
sons who wish to bring in desirable
varieties of cotton for testing may do
ho through the United States depart
ment of agriculture and the state ex
periment station, the testing to be
done by the latter, Mr. Merrill writes.
The order also restricts even the ev
The administration of S. L. Clark,
who has been general secretary of the
Young Men's Christian association at
Tucson for Beveral months has pro
gressed far enough to be judged a pro
nounced success in the opinion of as
sociation members. The basis of such
judgment is both the enhanced pleas
ure to frequenters and the Increased
use. From being a place w hose privi
leges were utilized by a few members,
the building now carries a large vol
ume of social life. Mr. Clark has de
iHorohlo attention to this
phase of the Y. M. C. A., believing'lt
to be one of the institution's most im
portant functions.
An investigation of the fish supply
at Roosevelt lake Is being made by
State Game Warden Joe V. Prorhaska,
who arrived here tonight The work,
according to Prochaska. is being con
ducted at the suggestion of Food Ad
ministrator Riordan. who believes the
lake may furnish a solution to the
problems confionting Arizona as a re
sult of the governments' demand for
meatless days. Prochaska has sta
tioned two men at the lake and they
are fishing at various points. He
warned Arizona that tne herd of elk
in tbe White mountains has become so
large that a shortage of winter feed
is threatened. This, he said, may re
sult in damage to farm lauds at the
foot of mountains w here elk now arc.
J Gas and a light grade of oil has
j been encountered at the depth of 255
feet in drilling carried on by the
Arizona and New Mexico Oil Devel
opment company, eight miles north of
ltowie. according to Mart Q. Hardin,
postmaster of Lordsburg, a director
of the company, who was in El Paso
Tuesday. "There was a considerable
amount of gas, but only a little oil."
Mr. Hardin said, "but the Tesult was
very encouraging to officers of the
company. Drilling was continued to a
depth of 600 feet in shale, but at pres
ent has been stopped so that the
hole can be cased. The casing is al
ready on the ground and is being in
stalled." "Being an aviator beats being a
smelterman." said six young men
working a shift out at the C. & A.
smelter Thursday morning, and a few
minutes later the whole sextette had
slipped off their overalls and were on
a street car on their way to Camp
Harry J. Jones. At ramp, headquar-
!ters they made their formal appuca
' tion for admission to the flying corps,
j The lieutenant In charge said there
was little doubt that their applica
tions would be accepted. If they are.
(they will be sent either to San Fran
' Cisco or San Antonio for instruction.
I The young men who made applica
i tiou are Rupert Barber, Fhilip North,
Charles Holden. Burt Nightever.
Douglas Derrick and jonn raxioo.
A warrant was sworn out Thursday
at Douglas before United States Com
missioner Beumier by federal officers
for the arrest of a chauffeur named
Matting!)', who is charged with aiding
and abetting Sergeant Budd of the
Tenth field artillery to desert Fed
eral officers say that Budd offered
Mattlngly 125 to Uke him to Thocnlx
and Mattingly agreed and that under
such circumstances any chauffeur
with ordinary Intelligence might have
suspected that he was helping a man
to desert from the army. Hearing of
the matter army officers are reported
to have had Mattingly arrested at
Tucson before he could reach Thoe
n IX. and both men will be taken to
Douglas for trial. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 15, 1917.
FIVE
J
1
n
"I
ENGLAND CULLED UPON TO MM
GREATER SAGRIHCES BY LLOYD
GEORGE IN LATEST DECLARATION
DEAL .... DUMB INSTITUTE WAS DAMAGED. NORTH
HALIFAX PRACTICALLY DESTROYED BY EXPLOSION
(Continued From Page One.)
of. forcing the country into prema
ture and a vanquished peace.
"I warn the nation," said the pre
mier, "to watch men who-think there
is a half way house between victory
and deteat. U here is no such half way
house. These are the men who thin it
the war can be ended now by some
sort "of, peace the setting up of a
league of nations with conditions as to
arbitration for disputes and provisions
for disarmament and with a covenant
on tne part of all nations to sign a
treaty along these lines.
The Right Policy
"That is the right policy after vic
tory. WitUmt victory it would be a
farce. Who would sign such a treaty.
I presume, among others, kthe people
who have so far successfully broken
the last. Who would enforce the new
treaty? I presum the nations that
have so far not quite succeeded in en
forcing the last.
"To end the war entered upon and
to enforce a treaty without reparation
for infringement of that treaty mere
ly by entering into a more sweeping
treaty, would indeed be a farce, in the
setting of a tragedy.
"We. are not misled by mere words'
like disarmament, arbitration and
similar terms. You cannot wage war
not lead, as she imagines, to universal
peace, li wai siuipiy pi'jiong tue
wunu s agony and inevitaoly put her
in oonddge to Prussian miliiary dom
inance. ' "it would be folly to underestimate
the danger trom ine release of the en
emy's eastern lorces. it would he
eu.uu loi loy to exaggerate it; but the
gi4ibt toily ot an wouia not be vo
iace H.
The 'American Democracy
' If tne Kussian ueuiocracy' nas de
ciuea to aoanuon tne struggle against
uiiiuaiy autocracy. Hie American ae
tuociacy is. lading it up. 'inia is the
most momentous tact of tne year,
Mincu has transposed the whole situ
ation. There is no more poweriui
country in tne world than the- United
estates, with their gigantic resources
and indomitable pt'opie and if Kussus
is out, America is coming in with
ootn arms.
"It this is the worst moment, it is
because Russia has stepped out and
America is only preparing to come in.
tier army is not yet ready and her ton
nage is unbuilt; but with every hour
mat passes the gap formed by Rus
sia's retirement will be filled by the
valiant sons of the great American re
puolic. Germany knows it and Austria
knows it. Hence the "desperate ef
I'ons to force the issue before Anier-.
ica is ready. .They will - not succeed
or secure peace by mere words. We
ought never to have started unless we Dut we mugt be prepared tor greater
meant, at all nazaras,.to complete aur eHort8 an(j greater sacrifices. It Is no
task. .
Enemies Ready
time to cower or falter.
Great Britain's will is as tempered
"Of course, our enemies are ready steel and will bear right to the end.
to accept a peace leaving them with Tnere must be a tunher drain upon
Home of the richest provinces and the oru man-power in order to sustain the
fairest cities of Vussia in their auuitionai burden until the American
pockets. It is idle to talk of security army arrives.
und'r such conditions. There is no No Panic
protection for life or property in a "There is no ground for panic. Even
state where the criminal is m'jre pow- n'jw, alter we have . sent troops to.j
erful than the law. The law of na- ljuy. the allies have marked superi-.
tions la no exception. We are dealing unty in numoers in France and Man
wit h a criminal state now and there, ders and considerable reserves at
will always be criminal states until home. '
the reward of international' crime be- j "Much greater ' progress has been
comes too precarious to make it prom- made in man-power in tne last icw , g0TernmPnt is in full agreement with
able and thepunishment of interna- months than either our friends or ouritj,at message. Mr. Asbquith also is tn
tional crime . becomes too sure to toes realize, but it is not enough to a'greement wjth it.'
make it attractive. 'enable us to face the new contingen-i ... therefore take it that the inter-
We are confi-ted with the al- cies without anxiety. The problem ot .,. ni-,. imnn the marnuis of
!
-m, - SI
Save a Life for Christmas
Our French comrades have been steadily sweeping back the enemy
by concentrating in one spot more guns and larger guns than the
enemy could gather there. After a furicus bombardment of the enemy
trenches the French infantry sweeps forward, gaining trench after
trench with very little loss of life.
We must provide for our American army guns greater in size and
greater in number than the enemy can oppose to them. It will save
many of the million American boys Just entering the conflict.
Save a life for Christmas by helping to buy one of , these great
guns. Give United States War-Savings Certificates Instead of gold
pieces for Christmas gifts. They cost $4.12 each in December. They
are little five-year United States Government Bonds, bearing 4 com
pound Interest worth 5 at maturity. ,
Have written on them the names of the persons you give them to
and on Christmas morning they will have the evidence that in their
respective names help has been given towards preserving perhaps
some American boy spared for many Christmas Days. And you will
be giving as a Christmas present tha safest, best investment in the
world today something better than gold.
Halifax Institute for Deaf and Dumb (tup) and view cf North Halifax from Si. Matthew's steeple. "
.More than two square miles in North' Halifax vere practically laid waste when a munitions ship loaded
with trinitrotoluol was rammed by a Belpian relief ship m the Halifax harbcr and exploded. The deaf and
dumb irfstitute suffered serious damage and early reports indicated some of the inmates were killed.
ternatives of abasing ourselves la ter- aian-pJwer, however, does not end t Langdoirne's letter here, in America
ror Detore tne lawlessness wnicn witn tne army
means ultimately a world intimida- tion of tonnage. Nothing can deleai
tion by successful bandits, or going us but the shortage of tonnage, and
through with our task to establish a
righteous and lasting peace for our
selves and our children. Surely no
nation with any regard for its self-respect
and any hon'jr can hesitate a
moment in its choice.
- Alternative
"If there was no prospect of things
u n. . v. n 1.. n.A fnnnt, ; . l
be intui.U. lo prolots U,. r. but " "! f''""'!,'"'.'.1."
because I am firmly convinced, de
spite some, untoward -events and dis
couraging appearances, that we are
making steady progress toward the de-,
sired goal. I would regard peace over
tures to Prussia at the very moment
when Prussian militarism is drunk
with boastfulness as a betrayal of the
great trust with which my colleagues
and I have been charged.
"The German victories have been
emblazoned to the world. . but her
troubles did not appear in thebulletins.
However, we know something of them.
The dead grip of the British navy is
having its effect and the valor of the
troops is making an impression which
will tell in the end. ePrsans who in
the Irst fortnight have been organizing
a nervous breakdown in the nation are
the same ones who recently were or
ganizing a hysterical shouting over the
Flanders victories:
- The New World
"We are laying the foundation of the
bridge that will carry us into a new
world. Let us maintain steadiness and
sanity and outlook.
"This is not the most propitious
hour. Russia's threatened retirement
from the war strengthens the Hohen
zollems and weakens the forces of
democracy, but Russia's action will
Victory now Is a . ques-i ftnd ,n both supporter8 ,nd
opponents of the allied cause, and also
in Austria and Germany, was not in
the least the interpretation the mar
quis of Lansdowne desired to give. I
do not desire to force a controversy,
if none exists, but I might be forgiven
for repeating President Wilson and in
saying that it was a great misfortune
that the marquis of Lansdowne did not
I carry out his intention."
The premier also spoke on aerial
warfare, declaring that the nations
(he advent of the United States has
increased the tonnage problem enor
mously. Germany has gambled on
America's failure to transport her
army to Europe. The Prussian claim
is that autocracy alone can do things.
Honor at Stake
"The honor of democracy is at stake
and I do not doubt that the Prussians
and roeat tmiam win nave 10 sira.u ; ibl wold demand that this must
their resources to the utmost to in-' . ,.a , . , .h, ,. ...,,,
American tonnage will be absorbed in
the transport of their own armies
compels us to increase our responsibil
ities in assisting France and Italy
with the transportation of essential
commodities to their shores.
"In Order to obtain the necessary
men for this object, we must interfere
to even a greater extent. than .hereto
fore with- the industries not absolutely
essential to the prosecution of the
war."
Premier Lloyd-Georgo in conclu
sion, emphasized how the country
could aid by further economizing and
in the increase of home production.-
"We must strip even bearer for the
fight-" he declared.
In his reference to tire recent letter
of the - marquis . of Lansdowne, Mr.
Lloyd-George said:
Refers to Lansdowne
"I now understand that all our anx
ieties concerning this . epistle were
groundless; that the marquis of Lans
Lowne did not intend to convey the
meaning which his words might rea
sonably bear, and that all the time he
was in complete agreement with
President Wilson's message. Now the
be the last war in which air weapons
are used, as they bring the perils and
horrors of the battlefields to civilians
at home who previously havedwelt in
security.
INTEREST COUPONS
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14. Interest
coupons representing the initial semi
annual interest payment of the Liberty
loan, due tomorrow, pour in upon fed
eral resereve banks today literally by
the -bushel.
- Coupons may be cashed at banks or
postoffices anywhere in the country
Holders of registered bonds will re
ceive their interest payments by
checks to be mailed from the treasury.
Holders of interim certificates may ob
tain their interest by presenting the
certificates to the banks which ex
ecuted them. The thousands of sub
scribers whe are buying bonds from
banks or employers by weekly pay
ments are not entitled to receive in
terest unless they have actually com
pleted payments.
REVIEW
BRING
WANT AOS
RESULTS. '
veFworfced Women
must learn not to
neglect their health
How Womsn are Restored to Health
Spartanburg, 8.U. "For nine years I tuf.
fered 'rom backache, weakness, and irragu
laritioi so I could hardly do my work. I
tried magy remedies but found do perma
nent rviitL AfWr taking Lydia . pink
huui's Vegetable Compound X felt a groat
change for tbe better and am now well and
strong so I have uo trouble in doing my work.
I hope every user of Lydia E. f mkhain'a
Vegetable Comjwund will get as g-eat relief
as I did irom its use." Mrs. S. I. McAatc,
li! Dewey Ave., Spartanburg, S. C. .
Clxicago, 111. 'Tor about two years I Buf
fered from a female trouble so I wai unable
to walk cr do ny of n?y own work. I read
about Lydia E. I'inkham's Vegetable Com
pound in the newspayiera and determined to
t-y it. It brought almost immediate relief.
l:y wcahacss baa ontirely disappeared sod I
never hi.i better health. I weigh Hi5 pouurij
ar.d am 3 vtrniig as a man. I thick money
well snntThich purchases Lydia E. Pink
ham's Vecetable Componad.'" -Mrm. Jos.
O iU.V-ia, 17. Newport Ave., Chicago, 1U.
YOU TAN RHLY UPON
LYDIA
. i
AMSH
m
mm
mm
comfou:
FASHION HINT
a?rX,
M. if rf
iA y 7
, f h
Using purposes, whether such lights
are maintained by the municipality
or by others.
"These prohibitions and all of them
are effective on Thursday and Sunday
uighu only, of each and every week."
Exceptions.
The only exceptions apply to lights
used tor governmental purposes by
the United States government or the
government of any state and street
lights used by any city or twon.
The state fuel administrators arej
directed and authorized to see that
the provisions of the order are scrup
ulously observed. i
In compliance with the patriotic
spirit of the order the hope was ex-,
pressed that householders would ob-'
serve the "lightless nights" by burn--.-
lng as few lights in homes as possible.
mm
OF FIRE BURNING
OR BURGLARS
Stealing your private papers and valuables when you
shut the home for the summer.
There's Absolute Safety for both when protected
by our modern vaults
Private safes rent for $500 and up yearly.
Think this over then see.
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street.
Will E. McKee, President
Bisbee, Arizona.
C. A. McDonald, Cashier.
COLD AND WARM
(By Review Leased Wire.)
CASPER, Wya., Dec 14. From
Arctic temperatures to summer
weather was Casper's experience to
day. At 6 a. m. the thermometer re
corded four below zero. tA noon it
was thawing and at 4 o'clock the mer
cury again was nearing the zeio
mark. Tonight it is 61 degrees above
zero.
From four below zero at 6 o'clock
this morning the mercury rose to 60
above at non. had dropped back to 33
above at 4:30 this afternoon ana at 7
tonight stood at 61 above. There was
a slight drop after 8 tonight.
MA
CAN BE CURED
Free Proof To You
All I want is yenr name am) addrem to t ran tend yon a free trial treat
ment. I want joujut to try Una treatment Uiat'a all fatat try ftu
loai a my omjr arffumeni.
I've been in the drur bu!ne in Port Wayne for to yrars, nearlr ererrone knowi m and
knows abuut my succefiil treatment. Onr six iWiMina fivm huaihsj p.l. outside of port
Wayne havr. accord ins; to their own statementa, been cured by this treatment since I ttrst
made thir -offer public. ' "
If you have Ecsstma. Itch, Salt Miasm, Tetta r-nerw mind how had my treatment baa
cored Uie worst cases 1 ctci aaw chr sm a csiancs) to aw sue say ciassa.
Send me your name and address on the ronpon below and ret the trial treatment 1 waat t
jend you FRLK. The wonders accomplished in your own case will be sjreaf.
isssssisssssssssssauiuu CUT AND MAIL TODAY" s
J. C. HUTZELL, Druggist, 2724 West Main St Fort Way, lad.
Please send without cost or obligation to ne your Free Proof Treatment.
a, c H.u.i. m. r.
.Ace,
"ostoffl-t:
. State.
Street ami Nuw
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
Review Want Ads Bring Results
Fashion's Camouflage.
It's a suit, you'J ray at a glance.
Wrong. It is a coat , dress. The
moleskin choker collar takes the
form of a cravat in the deftly clasp
ed ends. The costume is amethyst
velvet.
Coal Ice Bound
Causing Great
Distress In East
(Continued From Page One.)
The order follows:
New Order.
"No corporation, association, part-1
nership, or person, engaged wholly or
In part in the business of furnishing!
electricity for illumination or power
purposes and no corporation, associa-
tion. partnership, or person, main j
taining a plant for the purpose of sup-!
plying their own neerlg shall use elec-l
trirl'y for illumination or displaying
advertisements,4' notices, announce-'
nieutg or signi designating the loca
tion of an otlire or plaiw.of business,
or the nature, of any limunchH, for
electric searchlights or for external
Illumination of any building, or lights
In thj Interior-of stores, offices or;
other places of . business when such
stores are not open fur business, ex
cepting such lights as uro necessary
tor the public saffty or us are rem1r-'
ed by law, nor fur excessive street,
lighting intcuded for tlit-play or advor-
rf f
I F L
I i: ',5? i .
mm f
WATER
HEATING
BY
GAS
The process of heating water for domestic purposes has been rev
olutionized in the past few years through the introduction and
perfection of gas fired water heaters; until today it is no longer a
a problem to secure an abundance of hot water quickly and econo
mically, in any dwelling, large or small.
Today, in the countless thousands of homes where gas fired water heaters are in
stalled, an abundance of hot water is available for any purpose. By some types of heat
ers the water is heated instantly at the turn of a faucet, by others, within a few min
utes after lighting tbe heaters, and all without labor, inconvenience or discomfort, ind
at a reasonable cost for gas.
LET US SHOW YOU
Bisbee Improvement Co. SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 15, 1917.
IMfning 'and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK. Dec. 14. The slock
market today registered many sub
fctatni.il recoveries Irom the acute de
pression of the preceding session.
The heaviness of some" high-grade se
curities, including bonds, militated
against a gneeral advance until the
last hour, when trading became very
active, leaders adding 1 to 2 points to
earlier gains of like extent.
There fwere no new developments
to account for the movement. The
strength of coppers and affiliated
shares suggested a satisfactory com
promise between producers and the
war board regarding price regulation.
United States Steel made an ex
treme advance -of 1?4 to 844. most
of which was retained. 1 .
Affiliated steels, equipments, ship
pings, motors and oils participated in
equal or greater measure and utili
ties, : among the early elements of
weakness, also rallied In whole or
large part
O.-iins in rails ranged from 1 to 3
points among standard issues and 1
to 2 in others of less importance,- the
demand being the broadest of th
week. . Sales amounted to 555,000
shares.
The bond market was again ad
versely affected by new low quota
tions for internationals and invest
ment rails, but better tendencies
ruled at the close. Liberty 4's held
steady at 97.30 to 97.38. and the B's
at 98.48 to 98.54. Total sales, par
value. 14.123.000. United States bonds,
old issues, were unchanged on call.
GRAIN MARKET
CHICAGO. Dec. 14. Ideal condi
tions for improving the quality of
corn gave some advantage today to
the bear side of the market. Prices
averaged a little lower and closed
steady at yesterday's finish to fea
down, with January $1.21', and May
$1.19. Oats lost to lc and pro
visions 37c to fl.
Quite heavy cmomission ' house Bell
ing of corn took place. The market
received good support and no radical
setback in prices was effected.
Depression in oats resulted to a
considerable extent from gossip that
the government had asked New Or
leassn exporters to curb their activi
ties until an accumulation of stocks
could be made at interior terminals.
A good deal of selling was done.
Big supplies of hogs at the chief
centers throughout the west broke the
provision market, especially pork.
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14. Lead, firm;
fpot. .55 bid. Spelter, dull; spot
East St. Louis delivery, 7.70 asked.
Bar silver, ,86.
NEW YORK
Closing Quctations December 14, 1917
(By L. J. Overlock) ,
Anaconda . ..: 56
American Can '. .;. 324i
American Car .'. 6314
American lxeomotive jO',4
American Smelter .. ....... 71
American Sugar :i2
Atchison 80
Baldwin .. 531
Beth B :. 70
C. and O... 43
C, F. and 1 31
Canadian Pacific ... 130V2
Central Leather ... ... ....... 60
Crucible .' ,. 49
Distillers ; 29
Erie . 144
Goodrich 34.
General Motors 86
Industrial Alcohol 107
Maxwell 22
Marine ... 78
Marine Pfd : 19
Mid vale ... 41
Mexican Petroleum 70
New York Central 68
Northern Pacific 81
Reading 68
Rubber 47
Rep Steel 72
Studebaker 43
Steel '84
Steel Pfd , 104
St. Paul 39
Southern 'Pacific 79
Sinclair Oil - - . 26
Texas Oil 128
Union Pacific . 1 108
U. S. M . 42
Westinghouse 36
BOSTON
Adventure . 1
Allouez 47
ARIZONA
Bisbee Copper Co.
PER SHARE
FOR SALE BY
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
' We Specialize in Jerome
and Oatman Stocks.
P. O. BOX 1129
PHONE 26
50c
LEASED WIRE
Alaska .
Arizona Commercial
.. 10H
.. -15
.. 59
.. 415
404
.. 39
.. 13V4
8
.. 06 'A
.. V6
Hutte
C. and A
C. and H
Chief Range
Chino ,
Chile
.East Rutte .'
Granby
Coldfield .
Hancock
Indiana :.
1
Inspiration 40
JKennecott 20
Lake 6
La Salle 2
Miami 26
Mohawk 58
Mayflower 2
Nevada 1696
North Butte ' 12H
Nip 8
Pond Creek 17
Old Dominion 36
Osceola ... S3
Quincy - 63
Ray Con 20
Shattuck 17
Shannon 5
Superior Boston 2
St. Mary's , 50
Utah Copper 73
Utah Con 10
Winona 1
Green Can 37
CURBS
Arkansas & Arizona 5
Austin
Arizona Silver King
Big Ledge 1
Butte & London 10
Calumet and Jerome
I Cornelia 14
Con. Arizona 1
I Consolidated Copper 6
iCurtiss 25
Denn Arizona 18
Dundee
Emma
Federal Oil .. .. 2
Gadsden Copper 1
Green Monster
G. Island 13
Hull Copper 36
Howe Sound ' 3
Hecla 4
Inspiration Needles
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Jerome Portland 42
Magma Copper 37
Magma Chief
Miami Con 3
Magnate l.V ..
Pittsburg Jerome
Ray Here 3
Santa Rita
Tom Reed 91
United Eastern 370
Verde Extension 34
Verde Combination -
West End 63
Wolverine Arizona 1
White Caps
Wright Martin , 6
NEW YORK. Dec. 14. We contin
ue to believe that the advantage rests
on the long side of the market, but
under existing conditions it will
doubtless prove to be advisable to ac
cept moderate turns.
LOGAN : BRYAN.
OATMAN
(By Collins & Bretherton)
Argo 02
Adams 02 .03
Arizona Rex 25
Ariz-Tom R 02 .031
Geld Ore 27 .28
Gold Reed ... . 05
Gold Cliff .15
Lucky Boy. 02
Sunnyside ... 03 .04
Telluride .07 .10
Tom Reed 91 .93
United Eastern 3.70 3.80
United Northern 06 ...
United Western 02 . . . 1
Red Lion ... 25
' OTHER CURBS i
Gadsden J 87 2.00
Green Monster 50 .62
Butte London 10 .15
Dundee 62 .75
Venture Hill 10
Pitts Jerome 37 .62
Jerome Verde .. , 56 '.62
Ark-Arizona 0o .10
Jerome Portland 46 -4a
Ins-Needles -06 .12
Hull Copper 36 .38
Magma Chief 25 .37
Wolverine-Arizona 1.50 1.60
Miami Mother Lode .50
Verde Combination 50 .75
Miami Con N .03 .08
Ariz-Bisbee Copper -50
Butte Arizona 02
Santsr Cruz Bisbee .27
Jerome Daisy 50
Nacozari Con N 2
Verde Apex 15
Calumet and Jerome 75 1.00
Feather River Gold -25
REPORT PERSIST
(By Review Leased Wire)
JUAREZ. Mex., Dec. 14. Persistent
reports were received here tonight
that Jiminez was captured by Villa's
column Monday and Parral Wednes
day. Ther was no official confirmation
of these reports here ttonight How
ever, an embargo was declared late
today on frieght shipment south of
Chihuahua city. An American who
arrived from Jiminez tonight sal a tne
Villa forces and federals were fight
ing In Jiminez Monday when his train
left and he heard in Chihuahua city
that that town bad been taken.
German Prisoners Passing Through Ypres
Secretary Now IE?
Against Laws
For Militarism
(Continued From Page One.)
"that the obvious and daily exhibi
tion of power which takes place in an
autocracy is necessary for national
strength discovered 'that a finer and
freer and freater national strength
subsibts in free people, and that the
silent processes of democracy, with
their numal accent on the freedom
of individuals, nevertheless afford
springs of collective action and in
spiration for self-sacrifice as wide and
effective as they are spontaneous."
Making Army Effective
Mr. Baker then turns to the meth
ods by which the army was placed on
a war footing. He shows that under
its full "authorized strength the regu
lar army incfudes 18,000 officers and
470,000 men. and the war strength
contemplated by the national defense
act for the national guard was 13,000
officers and 456.000 men. With the
million additional troops of the selec
tive draft army added, these figures
furnish and army of 2,000,000 men,
upon which all original war estimates
were based.
The secretary describes the draft
ing of the national guard, which he
says responded "with zeal and en
thusiasm" to the call. He describes
also the expansion of the regular
army, and reviews the reasons which
prompted the government to go to
selective conscription for the remain
der of its forces.
The report then .touches briefly
upon the officers' training camps, the
construction of cantonments, with
problems encountered and solved
through the co-operation of the civil
ian agencies created by the council
of national defence, and goes intcj
some details with various phases -of
the cantonment question to show th3
enormous size of the task. The build
ing of national gaurd division camps
is similarly cited, and Mr. Beker dis
cusses at some length the work of the
training camps' activities commission,
organized to create . wholesome sur
roundings for the troops. -
Aviation Program.
The aviation program : is touched
upon briefly and no additional infor
mation is given. The engineer de
partment and the part it played in
rushing technical aid to the allies is
outlined, and Secretary Baker renews
bis recommendation for a more ade
quate engineer school with a sugges
tion that congress plan for both en
gineer and ordnance education in a
broad and generous spirit in order to
create scientific agencies of value in
peace or war, and where graduates of
West Point would specialize. The sug
gestion is presented for future con
sideration .rather than immediate ac-
COLONEL HOUSE AND 'AMERICAS COM MISS in S
ATTEND INTEHALL1E1) COM
i
This photogTaph, the first to reach this country since the American commissioners left to attend the big
interallied conference in Paris, was taken in London hsst before the men went across the channel. Front row,
left to rifrht: Geiu-'Tasker H. Bliss, chief of staff; Col. E. M. House, head of the mission- and Admiral W. S.
Benson. Middle row, between General Bliss and Colonel House, is Vance C McCormick, chairman of the U. S.
war trade board, and at Admiral Benson's left is Gordon' Auchincloss. secretary of the mission.
. . v. Jr. jst vA-fr-STw
CAPTURED THIRTY
GERMANS UNAIDED
V " 4 - .
is I
Wfclle fighting with the Foreign Le-j
gicn at Verdun, Richard Allan Blount,
son of R. E. Blount of North Carolina,
; captured single banded 30 Germans.
He was awarded the Croix de Guerre,
' with palms, for his heroic deed.
i JOINS ARMY
! ( By Review Leased Wire)
DENVER, Dec. 14. John Kelleher.
i shortston of the Denver team of the
! Western league and formerly of the
' Brooklyn Nationals, enlisted here l
day in the army. His home is at
Brookllne, Mass.
tion and no detailed plan is unfolded.
Taking up the quartermaster prob
lem with the outbreak of the war,
Mr. Baker cites a few items of what
it was found necessary to supply.
They include:
Supply Problems
Twenty million pairs of shoes," 17,
000.000 blankets, 33,000.000 yards of
flannel shirting, 50,000,000 yards of
tenting. The work is being done
through the co-operation of civilian
agencies, the secretary says, and
adds:
"The problems of. supply are not
yet solved; but they are in the course
of solution. Sound beginnings have
been made, and as the military effort
of the country grows the arrange
ments perfected and organizations
created will, expand to meet it."
r: '-
it;, v".-
1 I
r
3
fj- i
ST
.T- a
rr
Big Company Is
j BlamedforSugar
Shortage in UnS.
(Continued From Paee One.)
sider it good, business to allow the
35,000 tons to go elsewhere if the
Cuban dealers couIU be convinced that
this country would maintain its posi
tion, Mr. Spreckels replied that the
sugar would have served the public
when the shortage was .acute.
Mr SnrerVels told of Protesting to
Mr. Hoover against the. contract
whereby the American Sugar Refin
ing company was to obtain 100.000
tons of the Louisiana crop. He saw
his company had not considered get
ting nnv of that ctod because the
food administration had fixed no price
and that he was astounded to -learn
of the American company making the
contract after a price or t..i5 tor tne
Louisiana products had been agreed
upon at a conference participated in
by Mr. Rolph and Mr. Baost.
Held in West
When the shortage came into sight
in iha east, the witness asserted,
more than 100.000 tons of raw sugar
haij in tho vest nf which the
California-Hawaiian company held 40.-
000 tons. He said he appeaica to Air.
Rolph to allow some of tnis to come
n.ct n vopn pnntprn refineries eoing.
. li - IV " . f ' "
but was informed it was necessary to
keep the supply in the west until tne
vaw TTnvnifAn rrnn rame in.
In snnnort of his charge that
Messrs. Rolph and Babst favored the
American company, Mr. sprecneis re
i.,td on Incident tbiit brought out
how two companies operating chain
retail stores recently bad sugar nen
none was to be procured at many
atnnxi He said A. H. Lamborn &
Co. of New York, sugar brokers, con
tracted for two cargoes of Cuban su
gar for delivery at New lork and or
tore A tn the international sugar com
mittee in October at $6.90 per 100
pounds, but the committee aectinea
to buy without giving a reason.
Cites Alleged Case
Lamborn came to him soon after
ward, Mr. Spreckels said, for means
to further finance the deal and told
him that within 15 minutes after the
committee had declined the sugar a
buyer for the American had offered
him xfi fis for it.' Buvers for the chain
stores companies heard of the situa
tion, purchased the sugar ror Jf.ia,
ami with th nprmisflinn nf the food
administration had it refined by the
Federal and the Warner Kenning
enmnnnv for 11.30 ner 100.
The witness- said the retail price
of $7.25 for granulated sugar at sea
ports works a hardship Decause bis
company manufactures practically
nnthinr hut rranulated and brown.
whereas the American company spe-
fS
,.. i:ce in etuis
!1
-7 - T V T C
wm
I U ti i C I
it mm
cializps in granulated handled in
shapes for which 'prices are not fixed, j
Several witnesses have been sum-
moned by the committee, including!
A. H. IJimborn. who is expected to
testify after Mr. Spreckels concludes
tomorrow.
HAVE RETURNED
Deputy Sheriff William Brak field.
Judge Winters. Frank Johnson. Tex
Barton and several others have return
ed from Tombstone, where thev were
called in the case of Mrs. Maud Pettl
john. The jury in the case, after being
out over night, reported that they
could not agree and were discharged.
After the jury came in the attorneys
engaged in stme heated arguments,
and the case was finally dismissed.
WAS IN CITY
E. B. Rivers, of Rivers Brqthers.
wholesale dealers in vegetables ana
fruits of Los Anseles. was In the
city yesterday visiting friends and
customers. Mr. Rivers comes to
Bisbee about twice a year and every
time he comes he sees many evidences
of growth and improvement here, ac
cording to a statement that he made
here yesterday. He is president ofthe
Rivers Brothers company, which is the
largest In their line to be found in the
west In their h'ome city they own
sufficient delivery wagons to require
the maintenance of a large garage for
tjie care of their own machines. Be
sides the deliveries in the city they
load a number of cars daily. They
do business all over Arizona and en
joy a big patronage in this part of the
state. ,
Legal Notices.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
In the superior court, in the county of
Cochise, state of Arizona.
Estate of Carl Victor Peterson, de
ceased. Notice is hereby given by the
undersigned, administrator of the es
tate of Carl Victor Peterson, deceased
to the creditors of and all perstms hav
ing claims against the said deceased.
to exhibit them, with the necessary
vouchers within four months after
the first publication of this notice to
the said administrator at the law of
fices of Williams &. Flanignn, Allen
block. Bisbee, Arizona, the same being
the place for the transaction of the
business of said estate, in said county
of Cochise.
NELS OKERSTOM.
Administrator of the estate of Carl
Victor Peterson, deceased.
Dated. Bisbee. Ari7.or;r, this 17th day
of November 1917.
First publication, November 23. 1917.
Adv-90
NOTICE OF MORTGAGE SALE
In Equity. No. E-24, Tucson
In the United States District Court for
the District of Arizona.
S'm Fly. Receiver f Arizona Mu
tual Savings and Loan Association, a
Corporation, and Arizona Mutual Sav
ings and Loan Association, a Corpora
tion. Complainants, vs. The Stone
house Company, incorporated. J. W.
Stonehouse, and Daisy Stonehouse, De
fendants. By virtue of a decree of Foreclosure
and Sale granted by this Court in the
above entitled action, wherein the
above named complainants obtained a
judgment and decree of foreclosure
against said defendants for the sum of
One Thousand One Hundred Eighty-
six and 78-100 ($1186) Dollars, with
interest. coats of suit, attor
ney's fees and fees and expenses
tf sale, which said judgment
and decree was entered on the th day
of December, 1917, in the office of the
Clerk of said Court at Globe. Arizona,
the undersigned. Clifford R. McFa'L
a Special Master in Chancery, duly
appointed in this action for such
purpose, will sell at public auction to
the highest and- best bidder, on the
12th day of January. A D. 1918, at
3:30 o'clock p. m. of that day. at the
frDnt door of .the County Court. House
of Cochise County, at the City of
TombBtone. Arizona, the following de
scribed property, to-wit:
All tlfcse parts of Lots numbered
one (1) two (2) and three (3) in
Block numbered forty-five (45), de
scribed as follows: Beginning at the
Southeast corner of said Block forty
five (45) and running thence North 48
feet: thence West seventy-five (75)
feet: thence South 48 feet, thence
East 75 feet, to the place of beginning.
Town of Douglas, Cocblse County, Ari
zona. CLIFFORD R. McFALL.
Special Master in Chancery.
Dated at Phoenix. Arizona, this ioth
day of December, 1917. 247
NOTICE OF MORTGAGE SALE
In Equity No. E-19. Tucson
In the United States District Court for
the District or Arizbna.
Sims Ely. Receiver of Arizona Mu
tual Savings and Loan Association, a
Corporation, and Arizona Mutual Sav
ings and Loan Association, a Corpora
tion, Complainants, vs. Arthur J. Col
lins, Arthur J. Collins. Executor tf Es
tate of Manrarette E. Collins. John
Doe, Richard Roe, Jane Doe. and Mary
Roe. Defendants.
By virtue of a decree of foreclosure
and sale granted by this Court in the
above entitled action, wherein the
above-named complainants obtained a
judgment and decree of foreclosure
against said defendants for fhe sum
of One Thousand Fifteen and 75-100
(11015.75) Dollars, with interest, costs
of suit, attorney's fees and fees and
expenses of sale, which said Judgment
and decree was entered on the 5th
day of December. 1917. in the office
of the Clerk of said Court at Globe,
Arizona, the undersigned. Clifford R.
McFall. a Special Master In Chancery.
duly appointed in this action for such
purpose, will sell at public auction to
the highest and best bidder, on the
12th day of January. A. D. 1918. at
3:30 o'clock p. m. of that day. at the
front door of the County Court
House of Cochise County, at the City
tf Tombstone, Arizona, the following
deseribed property, to-wit:
Lots twenty-seven (27) twenty-eight
(28) and twenty-nine (29) in Btbck
numbered Seventeen (17) of the Town
of Benson, Cochise County. Arizona
Territory, now State, as per official
map of said town, on record in the of
fice Vf the County Recorder of said
Cochise County. Arizona.
CLIFFORD R. McFALL,
Special Master in Chancery.
Dated at Phoenix. Arizona, this 10th
day of December, 1917. 247
NOTICE OF MORTGAGE SALE
In Equity, No. E-26. Tucson.
In the United States District Court for
the District of Arizona.
Sims Ely. Receiver fcf Arizona Mu
tual Savings and Loan Association, a
Corporation, and Arizona Mutual Sav
ings and Loan Association, a Corpora
tion, Complainants, vs. Ben C. Smith.
Zbra F. Smith. John Doe. Richard Roe.
Jane Doe. and Mary Roe. Defendants.
By virtue or a decre of Foreclosure
and Sale granted bv this Court in the
above entitled action, wherein the
above named complainants obtained a
ludrment and decree of foreclosure
neainct uald defendants for the sura of
One Thousand Two Hundred Twelve
and 56-100 ($1212.561 Dollars, with
interest. costs of suit, attor
ney's fees and fees and expenses
tf sale. which said judgment
and decree was entered on the 5th day
of December. 1917. in the office of th
Clerk of said Court at Globe. Arizona,
the undersiened. Clifford R. McFull.
a Special Master in Chancery, dulv
appointed tn this action for such
purpose, will sell at public auction to
the hlrhest and- best bidder, on the
12th dav of January. A D. 1918, at
x:30 o'clock p. m. of that day. at the
frtmt door of the County Court House
of Cochise County, at the city of
Tombstone. Arizona, the following de
scribed property, to-wit:
Lot Numbered Thirty CO) in Block
One Hundred Fortv-five (145) per the
Howe man dated Jan. 12th. 1901. as
amended and filed in the office of the
County Recorder of Cochise County,
February 23rd. 1901. said property be
ing situate and lvlng in the Town of
Douglas. Cochle Connty. Arizona.
CLIFFORD R. McFALL.
. Special Master In Chancery.
Dated at Phoenix. Arizona, thia 10th
day of December. 1917. 247
NOTICE OF MORTGAGE SALE
In Equity No. E-23, Tucson.
In the United States District Court for
the District of Arizona.
Sims Ely. Receiver ttf Arizona Mu
tual Savings and Loan Association, a
Corporation, and Arizona Mutual Sav
inga and Loan Association, a Corpora
tion. Complainants. vs. Alton D.
Phelps. Lillie B. Phelps, John SchnelL
John Doe. Richard Roe, Jane Doe and
Mary Roe. Defendants.
By virtue of a decree of Foreclosure
and Sale granted bv this Court in the
above entitled action, wherein the
above named complainants obtained s
judgment and decree ot foreclosure
aeainst said defendants for the sum of
Five Hundred Sixty-six and .45-100
($566.45) Dollars, with interest, costs
of suit, attorney's" fees and fees asd
expenses of sale, which said judgment
and decree was entered on the 6th day
of December. 1917. in the office of the
Clerk of said Court at Globe, Arizona,
the undersiened. Clifford R. McFall.
a Special Master in Chancery, duly
appointed in thia action for such
purpose, will sell at public auction to
the highest and- best bidder, on the
12th dav of January. A. D. 1918. at
3:30 o'clock p. m. of that day. at the
frtnt door of the County Court House
of Cochise County, at the City of
Tombstone, Arizona, the following de
scribed property, to-wit:
Lots Numbered Forty-four (4) and
Forty-five (45) in Block Numbered
Nine (9) of -the TownBite of Bisbee, Co
chise County, Territory, now State, of
Arizona.
CLIFFORD R. McFALL,
Special Master tn Chancery.
Dated at Phoenix. Arizona, thia 10th
day of December, 1917. 247
NOTICE OF MORTGAGE SALE
In Equity No.E-22. Tucson. .
In the United States District Court for
the District of Arizona.
Sims Ely. Receiver tf Arizona Mu
tual Savings and Loan Association, a
Corporation, and Arizona Mutual Sav-'
ings and Loan Association, a Corpora
tion. Complainants, vs. Chesley Car
penter and Mattie Carpenter. John
Doe, Richard Roe, Jane Doe and Mary
Roe, Defendants.
By virtue of a decree of Foreclosure
and Sale granted by this Court in the
above entitled action, wherein the
above named complainants obtained a
judrment and decree of foreclosure
aeaint said defendants for the sum of
One Thousand Sixty-nine and 26-100
($1069.26- Dollars, with interest, cbets
of suit, attorney's fees and feee and
expenses of sale, which said judgment
and decree was entered on the 5th ay
of December. 1917. in the office of the
Clerk of said Court at Globe, Arizona,
the undersiened. Clifford R. McFall.
a Special Master in Chancery, duly
appointed In this action for such
mimese. will sell at oublie auction to
the hlehest and- best bidder, on the
12th dav of January. A. D. 191 S. at
3:30 o'clock p. m. of that day. at fhe
fiint door of the County Court House
of Cochise County, at the City of
Tombstone. Arizona, the following de
scribed property, to-wit:
Lost Numbered Twenty-seven (27).
Twenty-eight (28), and Twenty-nine
(29) in Block One Hundred Forty-five
(145) according to map entitled. "Mao
of Douglas Townsite made by E. G.
Howe. C. E.. dated Jan. 12. 1901. aa
amended" and filed in the Office of the
County Recorder of said Cochise Coun
ty, Arizona.
CLIFFORD R. McFALL.
Special Master in Chancery.
Dated at Phoenix. Arlzoaa. this lOtb
day of December. 1917. 247
Electric i
works
We Clean
and Press
SUITS
K Shoe Repair-
ying at Regu
lar Prices!
NEXT DOOR TO
RACKET STORE
PHONE 3M
Irarif
ilcli THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 15, 1917.
SEVEN
-1
v
Review Want Ads
Advertisements nrider this head at the rate of 1 cent per word tor each
Issue, with a mLiimum charge ot 25 cents. advertisements mus; reach Th
Review office not later than 8 p. m. tor insertion in the next n.ornin paper
Male Help Wanted
LEARN actual ante repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A, Los Angeles. Cat
alog tree.
WANTED Man to work on ranch.
Apply early today, Brophy Carriage
Co., Lowell. - 806
WANTED Truck driver, married man
preferred. State experience, where
last employed. Apply to P. O. Box
818 and give address where jou
may be found today or tomorrow.
: - - 253
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Girt for general house
work and cooking. A. W. Engelder.
Phone 614. 720
WANTED Housekeeper Kr widower
with three children. Address L. V.
S., care Review. 798
WANTED Pastry cook. Married wo
man preferred. Raby's BOarding
House. 826
WANTED Experienced short order
cook and waitress. Warner Hotel,
Proprietor, Mrs. L. S. Merrill. 824
WANTED Middle aged lady for light
housekeeper. 41 Laundry Hill.' 248
WANTED Work, by experienced
nurse. Call 200 Tombstone Canyon.
Metz stop. . 823
WANTED Girl for general house
work, at once. Call Green 743. 268
Wanted
WANTED Telegraphers, stenograph
er, bookkeepers; students earn
board, room tuition. Mackay Busi
ness College. Los Angeles. 789
WANTED Few boarders, 105 Jigger
ville. Mrs. Charles Kirk. 700
WANTED Piano pupils by a compe
tent teacher who is a graduate of an
eastern college. Mrs. C. T. Mc
Gowan, Phone Black 847. . 760
WANTED A few boarders and room
ers. Iu5 Jiggerville. 267
WANTED For cash Empty apple
boxes. Bring to Myers, Darling &
Hinton Co.. O. K. Street 253
For bale
FOR SALE Good paying, small busi
ness. Suitable for tw ladies, or
man ami wife. Address business,
Box 132. Bisbee. 578
FOR SALE 6 room house with 2 lots
30x110, basement under whole
house. Concrete wall all around both
lots. 45 bearing fruit trees. All
fenced with wire fencing, f Garage,
barn and chicken house.' ' For fur-
ther information call on tor address,
A. Parker, the Gyp block house build
er. P. O. Box 942. Warren. 315
FOR SALE Fresh milch cow. Behind
Brophy Canal, Lowell. Joe Diaz.
603
FOR SALE 5-room house and bath.
Apply Wm. Buckett, Mason Hill.
Phone Green 573. 694
FOR SALE White sewing machine;
cost S8S. Will sell for $25. In per
fect condition. ' Phone 567, Monday.
, 747
FOR SALE Rooming house, doing
good business, a bargain for cash.
Adress M. L., Review. 802
FOR SALE Cheap, up. to date barber
stop and pool hall. Apply 605 H
Ave., Douglas. Phone 606. 811
FOR SALS: 800 acres grass land, se
'tween Ramsey and Garden Canyon.
Huachuca Mountains, 640 under
fence; lots of good feed. Inquire of
P. F. Whitmore, or. H. B. Barnes
half mile s'outh of water tanks, or ad
dress Frank Blakerlee, Buena, Ari-
' zona. 836
FOR SALE One twin cylinder motor
cycle; first class condition, $65 cash.
F. G-.care P. O. Box 1573. -834
FOR SALE At sacrifice, account sick
ness, the Home Industry Furniture
Company rooming house. Inquire
IPome . Industry Furniture Store,
Lowell. 783
FOR SALE Furniture for 3-room
house, complete, with privilege ot
renting house at $15 per month. Call
at 45 Quality Hill. 255
PEVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
PETEY DINK He Was Mabel's Best Customer, But Petey
' . V BASEL'S DOH ) K
t- -A'.
For Sale
LAND AND WATER Farm of 160
acres in the ar:esian belt of the San
Simon Valley, 2 miles from San
Simon. Good soil, small artesian
well; good house, barn, 20 acres cul
tivated; balance easily put in shape;
all fenced. Bustpess keeps owner
away. For quick sale at $15 per
' acre. Address, Box 470, Willcox,
Arizona. 722
FOR SALE At sacrifice, account sick
ness, the Home Industry Furniture
Company, barber shop and rooming
house. Inquire Home Industry Fur
niture Store, Lowell -783
FOR SALE Cheap, twelve room
house, known as Mascott Upper
Brewery Gulch, suitable for rooming
or boarding house. Terms. J. M.
S.. h'Ji 3231. Lowell, Arizona.
FOR SALE Good saddle horse.
Pemberton, Bekerville.
Ben
254
Flemished Rooms
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished rooms
$2.00 per week and up. 405
FOR RENT Furnished and unfur
nished rooms. Apply Bergquist
Bros., Warren. 784
FOR RENT Nicely furnished room,
close in; one or two gentlemen. Ap
ply C. A. Cain, Fair Store. 823
FOR RENT Furnished itoom. Mrs. G.
Williams, Clawson HI1L
FOR RENT 3 large rooms and house
hold furniture for sale. Room 14,
Muheim building. Phone 126. ' 835
FOR RENT Light housekeeping
rooms; light, water and gas. 163
Opera Drive. 869
FOR RENT Nicely furnished house,
with garage, in Warren. Lawn and
trees, etc. Inquire M. Moore, Phone
437. 800
For Kent
FOR RENT Batching rooms,. 204
Naco Road. , 752
FOR RENT Nicely furnished house,
with garage, in Warren. Lawn and
trees, etc Inquire II. Jioora. Phone
37. . 800
FOR RENT 4 rooms, with batu.
Phone Black 477; with garage. 252
FOR RENT 3 or 6 rooms, with bath;
newly papered. Call 39 O. K. St. 256
FOR RENT 5-room house, in Warren
Nicely furnished. Inouire Phone'
Black 573. 266 !
LOST
LOST Monday night, a gentleman's
, diamond ring, between Johnson Ad
dition and Bakerville, probably in a
jitney. Finder notify Review oi
phone 813; suitable reward. 643
LOST One cuff links, with green set
tino. at Lyric, or on Warren car.
Recurn to Review, $2.50 reward. 799
Money To Loan.
SMALL quick loans on your personal ,
note to salaried men and women, al- j
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Room i
2, Lyric Theatre building. 166 ,
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
PAT CLEART, painter. Member
Builders' Exchange. Box 1195. 347
Miscellaneous
BLACKSMITH, Horseshoeing, Re-j
paring of all kinds, also place for.
automobiles to park: springs welded
a specialty. Mason Blacksmith, Low- j
elL J. L. Strajick. 629 !
EXPERT paper hanger and painter. C. !
J. Brandt, Phono 456. Box 150. 579 '
Mrs. E. F. Kerr of Tombstone left
Thursday on the Golden State Limit-1
ed for ' San Jacinto, Cal., where she '
will be the guests of her mother, '
Mrs. Mary Fowler, and son, Paul F.
Kerr, for several weeks. At Christ
mas she will attend the wedding of a
namesake and niece, who will become
a war bride. Mrs. Fowler has tha
distinction of being the first school
teacher to the Mission Indians ij Cal
ifornia. It was while she was teach
ing that the Century company sent
Helen Hunt Jackson D California to
secure data for several magazine arti
cles. She went to San Jacinto, where
i
i
i
MUNITION
m t
IS?'
. AS:
1 2.,
King George wildly cheered ai munition kni in Bedfordshire
The great popularity Kinjr George enjoys amone the Enjr'ish people is evidenced by the ovations (riven hr
wherever he appears in the kingdom Here is shown a demonstration by workers :n a Bedfordshire munition?
rartory, w.fc2 the king paid visit It is wortny of an American throng paying tribute to a world's series hero
DISCOVERS CHEAP
CURE FOR TETANUS
I.
Dr. Simon P. Flexner. '
Scientists in session at Philadel
phia regard as most important two
discoveries announced by Dr. Simon
P. Flexner of the Rockefeller Insti
tute. One is an American-made sub
stitute for the German "606," called
"A-189." It is an organic arsenical
compound which can he made to sell
at five cents a dose. The other is the
discovery that tetanus or lockjaw
can be cured by injection into the
veins of a four per cent solution of
ordinary epsom salu.
Mrs. Fowler met her. She was her
uest for several weeks, and Mrs.
Fowler was with her during many of
he scenes which are laid in her book,
"Ramona." Mrs. Fowler is also the
mother of Judge W.. A. Fowler and
1'iank Fowler of Tombstone.
REVILERS REBUKED
(By Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO, Dec. 13. Theodore Holts
'vas fined $200 today for reviling
President Wilson and Police Lieuten
nt Patrick Hogan, who had rebuked
ihtniel Ecklund, a private citizen, for
rresting Holtz. Holtz was severely
r riticlsed by Judge L. A. Huy.
i VP
i f
i r -
Bisbee Decorating ;,Co.
General Painting, Paper Hanging, Tinting: and
Signs. Perfect Results. Moderate Prices.
HUGHES BLOCK, OPPOSITE Y. W. C. A.
P.O. Box 1531 Phone 739
Didn't Know It
V' l P'l VVX'WA MAik That S r II7 ii msxawi f. L.
'II 1 C OiKlfe IMT0TME f CTOSM N fC :X
WORKERS CHEER KING GEORGE
: . h aiV fife!
40 CURES BLOOD POISON
Scrofulous eruptions, pimples on the '
face are both annoying and disfiguring. I
Sores, ulcers, mui'jus patches, copper!
colored spots, glandular swellings, in-1
flamed eyelids, wasting of the mus-1
cles, constipation, a form of dyspepsia '
n rl cf Am qVi ttmiVkli a FA all tha rfcuillt "
fof blood poison. Number 40 For Ihe
Blood, an old doctors prescription, is I
the best treatment for all forms of J
blood poison known to medical science.
Made by J. C. Mendenhall, 40 years a
! druggist, Evansville, Ind.
Sold exclusively in Bitbee at Central
i i'harmacy, opposite Orpheum, in Lo-1
1 well hy Ix)wel) Drug Co., Warren Drug j
1 Co., Warren, in Douglas by Owl Drug .
:Co. Adv.J
REVIEW WAN T AOS
BRING RESULTS
Legal Notices.
i NOTICE OF SALE OF REAL ES
TATE
i In the Superior Court..Vf thj Slato
of Arizona in and for :he Coun.y
of Cochise.
: In the Matter of the Fs zus of Alary
: L Cunningham, Decea.-wl.
Notice is hereby givtn, that in pur
suance of an order of the Superior
j Court of tbe State of Arizona in and
! for the County of CocUi.!, made and
i entered on December 1. 1917. the u n
dersigned administrurir of the estate
of Mary I. Cunninghair, deceased, will
sell at private sale, tu tue highest bid
der, upon the terms and condiiiom
hereinafter mentioned, dn3 subject to
confirmation by said court, cn or after
Saturday, December 22. 1317, all
rights, titles, interest un- cstat33 of
said Mary I. Cunningham, deceased,
in and to the following described min
ing claim:
An undivided 'one-twelfth (1-12) in
terest in the "John Daisy" mining
claim, situate in the Warren Mining
District, in the County of Cochise,
State of Arizona. -' -
The terms and conditions of such
sale are as follows: For cash in lawful
money of the United States of Amer
ica. All bids must be in writing and
may be left in the law offices of Ellin
wood & Ross, in the City jf Bisbee,
County of Cochise, State of Arizona,
who are the attorneys for said admin
istrator, or said bids may be left with
the undersigned administrator, whose
. I
tStfvi, oats
place of business is at The Bank of
Uisbee, in the City of Bisbee, State
of Arizona, Dr said bids may be filed
in the office of the clerk of the afore
said cour:. and all bids shall be filed
ifter the first publication of this no
:ice, and before the date for making
said sale.
Dated this 6th day of December,
1917.
M. J. CUNNINGHAM.
Administrator of the Estate of Mary I.
Cunningham, Deceased. , 52
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, 17. S. Land
office at Phoenix, Arizona, Novem
ber 17, 1917. '
Notice is hereby given that George
W. Keahey of Bisbee. Arizona, who. on
July 7. 1916, made homestead entry.
No. 030367. for township 22S. range
23E G. & S. IL B. & meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make three-year
piof. to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 2Gth day of December,
ian.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Edward E Thomas, of Bisbee, Ariz.
Charles N. Thomas, of Bisbee, Ariz.
August F. Bornego, of Lowell, Ariz.
Keller Hogan, Bisbee, Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First Publication, Xtov. 23, 1917.
Last Publication. Dec. 26, 1817.
Adv-364
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3374.
Serial No. 036635.
United States Land Office, Phoenix,
October 31, 1917.
Notice is hereby ' given that R. A.
Brethertoa and C. M. Henkel, co-owners,
whose postoflice address is Bisbee,
Arizona, have made application for
patent for the following named lode
mining claims, situated in ihe Warren
Mining District. Cochise county. Arizo
na, in Sections 13 and 14, Township 23
S, hange 24-E. unapproved, G. & S. R.
B. M.. described as follows, to-wit:
"ROCKLAND" Beginning at ctorner
No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence the
Wl-4 cor. sec. 18 T. 23-S, R. 25-E, G. &
S. R. B. & M. bears S.78 58' E. 3233.9
feet; thence N. 83 34' W, 1158.70 feet
to corner No. 2; thence N. 78 20' W,
347.50 feet to corner No. 3; thence N.
2 14 W. 574 feet to corner No. 4;
thence S. 83" 34' E 1,500 feet to cor
ner No. 5; thence S. 2 o4' E. 606 feet
to corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 18.658 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey No. 3158, Rolla lode of
1.858 acres.
"BLACK BEN." Beginning at cor
ner No. 1. the S. E. corner, whence the
Wl-4 cor. of Sec. 18. T. 23-S. R. 25-E, G.
i
i
I
Lodge
BISBEE LODGE. ft'O. 71S
leets every Friday oilt. Moose Halt
Lsitiiig brothers cordf'J Invited.
V. R. TONKIN. DICUtcr.
KAY ROSS. Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS
Meet m Mdlgoci
Hall, second and fonrtl
Tuesdays each mo&Ui
Visiting hroUws w
ooma.
V. D. LANE. Councillor.
I. L. BENTON, Recording Saerataxy
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA
DREADNOUGHT.
UO.LNO. 210,
Meets It 1 U
O. r. Hall flrtt
and talrtf
MONDAY
at 7:30 p. m
V era cordially
-im SLEEMAN. W. M.
FERGUS. Se?Ur
. P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
. YEOMAN
I Richard L Homestead 895, meets
; second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows halL Visiting Archers are
; cordially invited.
MRS. C C. FINLATSON. Foreman
P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON. Correspondent
Box 1453.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rath bone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
RANK BRUNING. C. C. ,
J. C. KRIG3AUM, K. of R. S.
& S. R, B. & M. bears S. 80 03' E.
4737.2 feet; thence N. 78 20' W. 1150.
50 feet to corner No. 2; thence N. 65
.'3' W. 377.80 feet tn corner No. 3;
hence N. 2 04' W. 530.40 feet to cor
ner No. 4; thence S. 78 20 E. 1500
eet to corner No. 5: thence S. 2 04'
1 617.60 fee: to corner No. 1, the placa
it beginning, containing a net area of
0.112 acres, expressly excluding area
n conn let with Sunshine lod of this
unrey of 0.208 acres.
"SUNSHINE". Beginning at corner
To. 1, the S. E. corner, whence the W
1-4 cor of Sec. 18. T. 23-1.. R. 25-E, G.
1 S. R. B. 4 M. bears S. 78 51 E. .
!56 feet; thence S. 82 04 W. 969.30
eet to corner No. 2; thence N. 1 41'
E. 600 feet to corner No. 3; thence N.
?1 48' E. 960.10 feet to corner No. 4;
hence S. 1 41' W. 604.50 feet to cor
ler No. 1, the place of beginning, con
aining a net area of 12.860 acres, ex
tressly excluding aera in conflict with
Survey No. 2112. Apache lode of 0.217
icrea.
The location notices of these claims
ire recorded in tbe office of tbe Coun
y Recorder of Cochise county, Arizo
la, as follows:
Rockland, Book 49, Record of Mines,
tage 137.
Black Ben. Book 49, Record of Mines
?age 132.
Sunshine. Book 49, Record of Mines
age 139.
The names of the adjoining claims to
'his survey are; on the north. Survey
N'o. 2412, Apache lode; Neglected and
nna, nnsurveyed; owned by applicant
terein; Warren lode, unsurveyed; on
he East Survey No. 3158. Rolls lode;
n the South Survey No. 1794. Grenfell
'ode; Survey No. 2176. Cannelita, and
Corona rodes; Survey No. 2221 Shat
"uck No. 2; and Surrey No. 3158, Csr
uellta and Corona lodes on the West
iuney No. 1794. Calumet lode.
J. L. IRWIN, Register.
Tirst publication, Nov. 7. 1917.
Last publication. Jan 16. 1918.
i
!
Notices
WEEK ENDING DEC. 15. 1917.
Monday, First Deg.
'Nt-wla?
U sdnesday
'QVy Thursday. Chapter Reg.
r nuay
Saturday
N. C. Buhueub, W. H.
a T. W ATKINS. Beer. F. A A at
A. M. COLWELL, E. H. P.
C r. PHILBROOK. T.1H
J. E. PET, E C
P & DAVENPORT, Secretary Cham
and Commandery
W IL BANKS. Secretary Council
t. r. a
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
UUbM Lodgw No
42 meets the 1st
and 3rd Monday
of each month at
7:30 at Msdlgo
vtck HalL Visit
ing members cordially tavltad.
PHIL. DA Via PrealdeaL
. MRS. C E. FLNOTTL Treasvet'
Box 722, Tel. 236, Red.
KATHER1NE SALHOLM, Secretary.
LODGE NO. STL
Rafnlar meeting drat and third m
day of each month Visiting brother
'ordlally invited to attend. .
ft B WARNER. Exalted Ruler
I A RFLLV. Secretary
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Uly Temple. No. Sjneets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening ot wacfe
month st Odd Fellows' Hall VtaiUns
iistera are cordially larHed
ANNA HART. M. E. C
JKANET SWEENET. M. of &
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bibee Aerie. Ma 17C. T. O. E, meets
Bret and third HONDA Ya 8. p m.
Eagles HalL Visiters cordially "
come.
RICHARD DAVIS. President,
a L. EDMONSON. Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF 8ECUR
ITY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115
' Meets every Second and Fourth Sat
urdays in the month at L O. O. F.
faaU. 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially Invited. -ARNOLD
SCHMID. President. P. C
Box 3483. LoweU. Arts. '
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAT.
Secretary, LbweU
E. UNDQUIST.
Financial SecreUry, p. O. Box 32(6
LowsU.
BISBEE LODGE. No. 10, I. O. O. F.
Meets every
WEDNESDAY
j"Lj'i jw evening at Odd
Fallosa HalL
Main street at 7:00 p. m. VlaiCng
brothers cordially invited V attend
Hall phone U9.
GEO. MTJNSET. N. G.
C D. KXRBT, Secretary
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets Drat and tttlrd
Thursdays at 7: JO p. m.
tn Medigovich HaJL All
visiting Red Hon Invited
to attend.
Wm. DELBRIDGE. Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Medicine Ma
r. C FENDERSON, C oi 1
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bis be Camp No. 134 IS.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows HalL
a L- MOTZ. ConmL
U. Y MA THE W SON,
Clerk.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets la Mason la Hal
Pearl Chapter, No. f. meets
la Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. ANNA C RICHARDa W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box 841. Bisbee
MRS JESSE BEVAN. Sec'y. P. Q. Box
2299, Chairman Relief Com. Phone 16L
WOODMEN OF THE WOLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wemfsday
at 7:30. Brophy HalL
H. C. LANDATT, C C.
O. a THOMAa Clerk
Woodmen invited.
By C A. VOIGHT
A
. a-r' m
Am l mm m
AU EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 15, 1917.
EAGLE THEATR
CENTRAL THEAT1E
FIRST SHOW 6:1 S-SECOND 8:30
TONIGHT
ONLY
VAUDEVILLE
TONIGHT
ONLY
VAUDEVILLE
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
GREATER STARS, GREATER PLAYS
IN l
F7 I t
8 3
s.
HART
TME COLD DECK,J
A Special Super-de-Luxa Production in Six Sensational Acts
SEE THE FIGHT IN THE DANCE HALL THE MAN CHASE.
SEE THE DARE-DEVIL RuOING THE STAGE HOLD-UP.
SEE THE GREAT FIGHT IN THE HOLLOW OF A TREE.
SEEr-THE FALL OF A MAN AND A HORSE Over a Steep Embankment
The lost Thrilling Hart Picture Ever Produced
The Story of a Man's Straight Shooting Hard Hitting and Three Women'
ADMISSION. MATINEE 15c
t
NIGHT 15c AND 25c
Orpheum Theatre
Where Bisbee Goes to See Good Shows
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11 '
WM. S. MART
IN
"THE DISCIPLE"
A Drama of the West Done In the Ince Way, With An
All-Star Cast, Including Such Favorites of the Screen as
DOROTHY DALTON ard ROBERT M'KIM.
ALSO
"His Precious Life"
A Two-Reel Laugh Producer With
CHARLES MURRAY
ADxVJSSION 10 AND 15 CENTS PLUS WAR TAX
City Briefs
s
; Has anyone visited yoaT Or
; have you entertained? If so, call
the Review after ft p. m. and tell
: the Society Editor, Phone 39.
1
VISITING PARENTS
Mrs. J. Fred Ryan of El Paso 18
spending a few days here on a visit to
her parents. Mr. and Mrs. P. Williams.
TO EL PASO
Briggs Patterson has resigned his
position in the Phefps Dodge store and
; with his wife has removed to El Paso
to make their future home.
NAIL IN FOOT
Paul Lorenzen of the Bisbee drug
store, is suffering from an injury to his
foot, caused by running a nail in it
He is just able to be around on it.
FROM TOMBSTONE
W. G. Gil more and wife were in the
. city yesterday from their home in
; Tombstone. - They came over to do
some Christmas shopping, and return
. ed in the evening.
DRYEST YET
The weather records are still show
ing the- present drought to be the
"King Bee" since 1904 and if ii keenB
' n n tniirh lnnfrar thia wfll h nnA nf
f " ---r - -
the worst Arizona has ever had.
Business Locals
L. L. Gilman-sells the New Edison
"the phonograph with a soul."
it will pay you to nave us check the
ieciricai system on your car. Lob
L n Wiignt. Lowell Adv.-360
Expert paper naner aua pauitn i
J. Brandt. Phone 456. Box 150. 580
When your tooth aches, see a den
tist. When your battery is ailing, see
battery experts. Willard Service Sta
tion, DbweU. Adv.-360
L. L. -GILMAN
WILL KEEP 81 OKE OPEN DEC. 5TH
TO FIRST OF YEAR. 642
Rtdming house for sale. 17 rooms,
best location on Main street; a money
maker, must sell, $600 will handle; get
busy. See Winters & B'orrego, Low
ell. Adv. 797
DANCE
EAGLE HALL
EVERY
SATURDAY
EVENING
8:30
(F. O. E. 175)
SHAWS ORCHESTRA
PRIVATE SANITARIUM. I
fall. Black 573 for terms, etc. i
Advertisement 97-t
TAKEN TO HOSPITAL
J. N. Kendall, a teacher in the local
schools, was taken to the Copper
Queen hospital yesterday, from his
home ju Quality Hill, to be operated
cn for an attack of appendicitis.
' ) Playfair Osteopath. S Matt,
HilL Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647 !
dv. 231 :
DR. HELENE T. WEBB
Has opened parlors for chiropody and
manicuring at the Boston Apartments.
Adv. 828
FROM TOMBSTONE
County Recorder Ray B. Krebs
and secretary of the local exemption
board, came over from Tombstone last
evening and will remain here today.
Any registrant or other who wishes to
see him in regard to the questionairej
will be able to find him at the Y, M.
C. A.
ROCK HILL'S STAGE. !
Bisbee-Tombstone, Leaves Ei.bee j
Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a. m., 1:30 p. m. 7
passenger . cars. Careful drivers
Phone, Bisbee 5. Adv
NOTICE TO PUBLIC
On account of government demand
ing full 16 ounces in each loaf of
bread, we are compelled to raise price
of break to 15c single loaf or two for
25c, or eight tickets for $1.00.
Wholesale price, 10 rbaves for $1.00.
In effect Dec. 10. California Bakery.
' Adv. 745
i PICTURE FRAMING
! Neatly done, at Standard Furniture
! Co., Allen Block. Adv. 723 j
GONE TO PHOENIX
Charles A. McDonald, cashier of the
Citizens' Bank and Trust company, has
gone to Phoenix for a few days on a
business trip. It is reported that he
will bring back a new flag to take the
place of the very dilapidated one that
Leave orders for Christmas cut
flowers, potted plants,' etc., with Mrs.
J. E. Norris, opp. Elks' Club. Adv.807
MRS. ENGLE
wishes' to announce to her old
patrons that she has again taken
over the Letson hotel and will it
future, as in past, run It In a first
class and orderly manner. We
solicit your patronage.
BISBEE TOMBSTONE STAGE
Will run daily leaving Warren at Cole
building at 6:30 a. m. and 1 p. m. Bis
bee at E. P. & S. W. depot at 7 a. m.
and 1:30 p. m. Tel. 366. Joe Scgar.
Adv-580
Call me when yon want a careful
driver. I drive a seven passenger
Paige. Harry Lappas, Phone 36C.-Adv
FOR SALE
12 room, partly furnished roming
I house in Brewery Gulch; $500 down,
balance $50 a month. See Winters &
' Borrego. Adv.' 250 i
CityOlacksmitti
Shop
Under new management.
Expert horse shoeing.
Wagon work of all kinds.
Truck and wagon beds
made to order. Satisfac
tion guaranteed.
H. P.
FRJEDENRICHSEN,
Prop.
LYRIC THEAT
Balcony
-5c
Lower Floor
10e
Reserved Seats
'Ttrotigfi Fire and Water"
A Further Adventure of
"Stingaree"
1 Featuring True Bordman in his original
character of Stmgaree.
Monroe, Salisbury and Vola Vale
IN
"Zollenstein"
An American's Adventures Amid Royal
Intrigue. '
E. JEAN GIBSON Presents
"America's Greatest Dancers
Evolutidn of Dance, Song and Fashion From 2000, B. G, to 1920, A. D.
GORGEOUS COSTUMES SPECIAL SCENERY
Also a Five-Act Metro Wonderplay, "THE JURY OF FATE"
A COMPELLING DRAMA OF THE NORTHERN WOODS AND WATERS -
ADMISSION 25c AND 35c THIS INCLUDES WAR TAX
MUSIC BY ORCHESTRA.
has disgraced the nag poie on the her eyebrows and forehead. A doctor
bank building for a number of weeks.1" "llled and dressed her wounds.
which are not serious, but painful.
FROM CANANEA . 0N vsn- T0 DSTRCT j
Mrs. Frank Hedges of Cananea is, I)r u D Ricketts. managing direc-i
spending a few days- in this city on a , tor of lne Calumet & Arizona Mining
v liui u iritrnua turn uuiuk uci i.uitoi-
mas shopping. Mrs. Hodges was a
company, arrived in the district yes-
resident 01 aisoee several years ago , Ume He nas bee makin( a trip to in. j
before she married and went to Can- t the property of the company .
anea. and has a number of acquaint- and was at Ajo just prlor t0 comInJ
ances and friends among the old back nere He hag been iu the eaBt
timers,
since he left here, a few weeks ago. j
The doctor is enjoying very good j
health at the present time.
HAS RETURNED
from California, where be spent sev-IAUTO PLATES READY !
eral weeks on a visit to his family and : A number of Bisbee auto owners t
had some ulcerated teeth removed. ; have received a circular letter ana a !
He has resumed his place on the , blank form t'j fill out to return to the :
bench in the superior court at Tom ; secretary of state for their respective i
stone and Judge Frank Lane Kit Green-, licenses for the year 1918. The
lee county lid's returned to his home at license plates have begun to arrive at j
Clifton. ! the office of the secretary of state. The
i blanks are sent out for the purpose '
TO FUNERAL j of allowing the auto owners to have;
J. H. Slaughter and wife were in j the same license number that they
the city yesterday on their way to . had this year if they so desire. The j
Tombstone to attend the funeral of the 1918 license plate is done in battle-'
late T. R. Brandt, who was a personal i Bhip gray background with figures of
friend of Mr. Slaughter's, from their, king blue. There is no emblem of;
home at the San Bernardino ranch. , any kind jn the plates, only the state :
Mrs. H. W. Woods of this city acc'om- name and year being retained. There;
panied them from here. The party , were 19,890 licenses issued during the j
returned late last evening. ' i past year and the total fees collected ;
by the secretary of state from the auto ;
BADLY BURNED and motorcycle business was 1117.543. ,
Mrs. J. C. Holland of Warren was I - I
badly burned yesterday morning j TWENTY-SIX MEN ACCEPTED I
about the face when she went to light ! The local navy recruiting station,
the gas. In some manner there was an ' during the last week shipped out 30
explosion and the burning gasflew in-: men to El Paso ftr enlistment in the ;
to her face, singler her hair, burning navy. Of this number all but four ;
were accepted and are now on their
way to 'some naval station. Some of!
the men enlisted in the aviation corps '
of the navy, others as firemen, some
as machinists and some as apprentice
seamen. From reports received here
there is but little doubt that Bisbee .
will lead the cities in this district for I
the number of men furnished during'
past week. Last nignt M. V. Carney was '
sent to El Pat'j as an apprentice sea
man. No more enlistments can be
made in the navy now of men between
the ages of 21 and 31, unless they have
a certificate from the local exemption
board showing that they are not need
ed to fill any quota from the county in
which they are registered.
BISBEE VISITORS
Court Reporter John W. Walker, of
the superior court in Tombstone, was
In the city yesterday on a short visit.
He was accompanied by his wire and
her mother, who came over tj make
Chrlstmds purchases.
Attention!
WILL BE REPRESENTED .
Bisbee will be represented in the
list Vf students that are to attend the
training camp at Camp Kearney, from 1
the university. The university will be
allowed to furnish 19 graduates and
undergraduates and of that number I.
C. E. Adams. Jr.. and L. R. Jackson;
from this city will go. The camp is;
to open on January 5th, 1918. The 1
other men selected to go are: E. W. i
Zeighler, or Prescott; R. Wight, Tuc-!
son; L. C. Whitehead, Tucson; M. B. I
Wenker, Phoenix; H. E. Roge, Tuc-!
son i T. B. Rice. Douglas; C. L. Re- i
naud, Pearce; Harold Pierce. San '
Francisco; R. E. Meyer, Tucson; W.I
R. McGrowan, Miami; R. H. Lindsley.
Tucson; Carl Hurst, now of company
1, 158th inrantry. Camp Kearny, form
erly of Flagstaff: W. J. Hallmark.!
Tucson; I. N. Gilbert, Tucson; R. V. ,
Downey, Tucson: H. D. Carpenter, I
Sour Lake, Texas.
We want every housewife In
the Warren District before buy
ing her Sunday dinner to call
and see us and get our prices.
We handle all cuts of K. C.
beef. lamb, mutton, veal. pork.
Try our home - made pure
pork sausage for your Sunday
breakfast. All our poultry is
home dressed. Leave order for
your Christmas Turkey, Duck or
Goose.
IiHNERS'
MEAT MARKET
Phone 141
Naco Road
A
0MM Pickard Libbey. f
fr ' "car t . ' cut Gt
, . GIlmaini9s
" "The Gift Store" M
In selecting Christmas gifts for the homefolks nothing could be
more appropriate or more appreciated than a set of silver. We are
showing the largest line of these we have ever had. both in Sterling
and the Celebrated Rogers line, including the 1847 brand, priced at
$10.00, $16.00, $18.00, $20.00, $25.00 and up for the complete sets
of 26 pieces in handsome cases.
For the soldier or sailor we would suggest a wrist watch, cigarette
case, match box, toilet case, gold pocket knife or comb, signet or army
ring, etc., all of which we are showing in fine assortments.
Our watch stock is most complete, featuring for gentlemen new
designs in Howards, Hamiltons, Gruens, Elgins and Walthams. For
the ladies we have a beautiful assortment of gold wrist watches of re
liable American makes starting at $15.00 and ranging upward, step
by step to the diamond set platinum ones at $175.00. A fine mesh
hand soldered silver or green mesh bag makes a desirable present
for her.
If you enjoy seeing beautiful diamonds, step in and look over our
stock. We have some wonderful bargains in perfect stones.
Only eleven more shopping days 'till Christmas. Don't wait
come now a deposit holds anything.
Liberty Bonds Accepted at Par.
RE
20c I
Gilmaim:
s
Bisbee and Douglas
Gorham Silver French Ivory Goods
"A LAUNDRY MIX-UP" C0MEDY