MARKETS.
WEATHER.
NEW YORK CITY
Average price of cop
per for week ending
Feb. 7, 30.5.
Arizona Wednes
day fair, except snow
northeast portion.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service,
VOL. 19. NO. 215.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, WEDNESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 14, 1917.
f xKorr , PRICE FIVE CENTS
n r
.1 Ml
Mmln
AflDWM
in
TS
MUD
Ail CARRY On
s
CARRIED OFF BY BAND
I
RANCHER
AND S
Corner Ranch, 60 Miles Southwest of Hachita, New Mexico,
Is Swept Clean by Mounted Band of Villistas Whp Carry
Off Captives and Live Stock Into Mexico Three Mor
mons Forced to Join Bandits.
Greatest Navy Bill Passes House, Voting
$368,000,000 For Neiv War Ships This Year
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 13.-The
laigcst naval appropriation bill in
the country's history was passed
today by the House and sent to
the Senate where a sub-committee
was immediately appointed to
hasien its consideration. It car
ries more than $368,000,000, pro
vides for the second installment
of the great three year building
program adopted last year and in
cludes administration emergency
amendments aulhoi izing the gov
ernment to commandeer private
shp yards and munitions plants
in time of national peril and to
purchase the basic (patents of air
craft. The vote on the bill was
353 to 23, eighteen Democrats
headed by Majority Leader Kitch
in. four Republicans and one So
cialist voting against It.
During the debate which was
in progress Intermittently for
uhotil a w.k, vuiioiis provisions
projiosi 1 u a result of the sub
marine crisis were added to the
measure. Because of the govern
ment's difficulty in placing con
tracts for warship authorized
last year, an amendment asked
for by Secretary Daniels provid
ing an additional $12,000,000 for
)(iiippiiig navy yaids for con
struction was inserted.
The army bill will be taken up
in the House Thursday.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
HACHITA, N. M., Feb. 1 3. The Corner Ranch, own
ed by the Palomas Land and Cattle Company, has been raid
ed by a band of Mexicans under Prudencio Miranda, and
three Mormons, one of whom was Andrew Peterson Jr.,
have been captured and taken away, accordintTb a'nlessage
received here late today by officials of the company. The
message which came from Alamo Hueco, 45 miles south of
Hachita, stated that all the teams had been seized and that
all of the Mexicans employed on the ranch had left the place
with their clothing and effects.
Is Villa Commander.
Miranda, formerly a follower of Orozco, is one of Villa's
leaders in northern Chihuahua, operating with Ochoa and
Tamez.
Jose Ynez Salazar, commanding the rebels in the region
evacuated by General Pershing, is reported to be 65 miles
south of the line from here.
BLOODY REVOLT r
DS ARE
NED TO PUBLIC.
President Calls for Army To
Fight Gomez Enroute from
1
, TUCSON. Feb. 13. President
1 Wilson has restored to the public
domain 475.000 acres of the Papa-
j go Indian reservation In Pima I
t county by an executive order, ac- '
cording to advices received by j
I.and Commissioner- Moeur. at
Phoenix from Washington today
and t'-legraphed here.
BREAK III AUSI
All POSSIBLY TURKEY
BELIEVED
UIIAODA
Adherance cf Austria to Germany's Lawless Course Appears
to Offer No Other Solution for U. S. Silence From Amer
ican Ambassador in Turkey Causes Fears for His Safety.
Release of United States Seamen Is Big Issue.
SEEKING PEACE
U.S.
with Armenian and Syrian relief
and the detention of more than
1,000 American refugees.
Elkus Unheard From
It develops that no message has
Camaguay-U. S. Sees Ger- A UStHaU DUO IS
Sunk By Steamer
many's Hand in It.
Is Standing Firm for Continu
ation of Ruthless Submar
ine Warfare, Without Fear
of the United States.
(By Review Leased Wire).
HAVANA. Feb. 13. President Men
ocal has just issued a decree author-
Hear Captives Killed.
EL PASO, Feb. 13. A report was received here to-
infill luivuu piivait cuui v. a iiuiii vuiuiiiLua mat. 1 1 1 iiiuA
V icans in their raid killed three Mormons, whose names were
unknown and had made a prisoner of Andrew Peterson, an
other Mormon.
However, a message came late tonight to H. S. Stephen
son, general manager of the Palomas Land and Cattle Com
pany, from his wagon boss at Hachita, who reported that
three Americans and seven Mexicans had been captured and
109 American horses and mules, and $1500 worth of sup
plies taken away without making any reference to anyone
being killed. It is possible to communicate from Alamo
Hueco, near the scene of the raid, direct with Columbus by
telephone without touching Hachita.
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEWPORT NEWS. Va., Feb. 13.
izing a call for volunteers between the Members of the crew or the British
ages of 18 and 45 years to serve for steamer Oxonian, brought into port
i a period of 90 days. It is rumored today a story that the Oxonian sunk
that the former president. General by gunfire an Austrian submarine
Jose Miguel Gomez, has landed at : which attacked her In the Mediterra
Camaguey and that Lieutenant Colonel nean December 28. They said some
Quinones, commander of the Cama!0r the men of the submarine were
guey iorces, nas revouea wun an nis ; saved bv French natrol boat but
men.
that several were believed lost.
British naval gunners aboard
the
EL PASO, Feb. 13. The Mexican i
raiders were believed to have re-j
crossed the border into Chihuahua I
after lo'oting the ranch and taking the j
Americans and Mexicans prisoners.
EL PASO, Feb. 13. Armed Mexicans,
believed to have been Villa followers,
crossed the border sixty miles south
west of Hachita, N. M., today and
took prisoner three Mormons, a num
ber of Mexican ranch bauds and live
stock, according to a telegram receiv
ed here late t'oday from Hacbjta by
an American cattleman.
The message was received from Bob
Morehead. foreman of the Alamo Hue
co ranch saying the "Corner Ranch",
which is on the American side of the
line, was raided by armed and mount
ed Mexicans.
Included among the property taken
was thirty five mules, $1000 in com
missary stores and other ranch stock.
Two Mexican families were also said
to have been forced to accompany the
bandits in addition to the Mexican
ranch hands, according to the tele
gram. The Mormons Living in the section
where the Palomas Land and Cattle
company has its ranch, were said by
a leader of the Mormon church here
(Continued on Page Five)
VILLISTAS RETIRE
ON BEING DETECTED
NEAR COLUMBUS LINE
(By ileview Leased Wire.)
COLVM jlUS, X. M.. Feb. 13. The
Villa cavalry that occupied Palomas
lakes yesterday is believed here to be
working toward Vado Fusiles, 25
miles south of Columbus. The band
retired before daybreak in a southerly
direction from all indications.
Aeroplanes which took exploring
trips along the border this morning
and afternoon failed to discover any
armed parties in Mexico within 15
miles of the boundary.
Army officials here expressed
the belief tonight that the band was
simply an exploring party sent out to
gather information regarding the Ara
eiican troops and to turn back any
refugees proceeding toward the border.
I STEAMER FORELAND SUNK
J LOXDOX, Feb. 13. The sinking of
i the British steamer Foreland is an-
nounced by Lloyd's.
FIVE HUNDRED BAN TROOPS
DASH AFTER BANDIT RAIDERS
(By Review Leased Wire)
JUAREZ, Mex., Feb. 13. General
J'ose Carlos Murguia will leave here
tomorrow morning with five hundred
cavalry on troop trains in pursuit of
the Villa forceR which have been
operating in the vicinity of Palomas,
General Murguia announced at mili
tary headquarters here tonight. His
trains w ill go as far as Guzman, sixty
miles southwest of Juarez, where a
number of bridges have been burned
by Jose Inez Salazar's followers. From
Guzman. General Murguia will pro
cede toward Casas Grandes overland
and will make an effort to locate the
main Villa command reported south
of Palomas.
The telegraph line has been repair
ed to Casas Grandes and military
messages were received from Lieuteu
ant Colonel Lorenzo Quiroga, iim
mander of the Casas Grandes garri
son, telling of the presence of Villa
troops in the Casas Grandes distric t.
The telegraph line was working to
night as far south as Madera, where
General Pedro Favila reported ?ondi-
tions normal. This was the first time
j for more than a week that telegraphic
I communication could he had with
Casas Grandes.
General Murguia also announced the
1 (Continued on Page 2)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 13. The Oxonian, the men JTu opened upon
American government is much dis- the submarine after the torpedo,
turbed over the revolutionary out-1 launched at the steamer without wain '
break in Cuba, but while it stands j ing, had passed close to her stern. Ac- j
ready to take any steps which may cording to the story the second shot j
be necessary to protect its interests from the Oxonian's 7-inch gun, mount-1
there,' no apparent preparations have ed aft, struck the submarine; squarely
been made so far for active interven-, jn ti,e middle and crumpled her np. j
lion of any sort. Tne Krenca patroi boat came up in I
Tonight neither the state depart-! response to SOS calls sent out bv the !
mem. nor me moan legation nas re- Oxonian, it was said, and the steamer
ceived any information to clarify fur-; rontinued on her waT.
ther the situation described in press
dispatches. The department is watch-1
ing developments anxfjusly but offi
cials still hope the Cubans will work
out for themselves a satisfactory solu
tion. The announcement in Havana today
that the I'nited States had offered
the Cuban government five thousand
rifles and a quantity of, ammunition
Great Steamer, Afric
Is Sunk By "Subs"
(By Review Leased Wire)
BERLIN. Feb. 13. (via Lon
don) It is absolutely denied here
that Germany in a note to the
United States or through other
mediums is inviting suggestions
for the avoidance of actual war.
It is reiterated that the imperial
government is not permitting
doubts in any quarter regarding"
the position and activity assumed
in the submarine warfare and that
there can be no talk or thought
of recession from the program al
ready being curried out.
In view of this, it is declared in
autl.'oritative circles that any fur
ther parley or exchange of notes
with the United States may be dis
missed as unwarranted and im
probable. 4
The origin of the report is as
cribed to the recent announcement
through the Swiss government that
Germany was willing to negotiate
respecting the amended treaty of
1799.
U. S. AMBASSADOR GERARD
VISITS SWISS PRESIDENT.
BERNE, Feb. 13. (via Paris. Feb.
11.) James . Gerard, the former
American ambassador to Germany, ac
companied by Pleasant S. Stovell. the
American minister to Switzerland
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. Feb. 13. Lloyd's shiD- (-alien on President Schulthess this
was taken here to mean that the ping agency this afternoon announces afternoon. After a long conversation
i. u Dan government nau mane arrange- lnal tn White Star Line steamer Af- the American diplomats paid a visit
.ileum 10 purciiuse munitions mrougn rie of u,m ,ons grosi)t nHd DCen to Dr. Arthur Hoffmann, chief of the
the war department ' k . Swiss poiti?af .lepartment.
T r . . .1 . . . . . i i l
ii is uuuersiuuu mat. i unuil omciais i
asked the department to assist them
in securing 10.000 rifles like those
The Exchange Telegraph Company j
says that the Afric was sunk by a
OH tmq civm nn.l t . .. t u . t. An .... ' . f tw.i-
used by the United States army and
that about a year ago the department i are nussln
mnspntPil tn dn ulint ft miM with .
, id-.,., . J::' nkw vork
wic itiiHuu ufciuiiiriiL 111 uulllft IIHU
that number. The transaction it is
said here, is entirely a
, TWO BLOWS STRUCK;
Feb. 13. The Afric
belonged to the Oceanic Steam Navi-
pntinn rnnmnnv a nntwwtiaf-v pnm.
cnninwrfinl 0 .......
FLYNN IS VICTOR.
one and has no connection with the pany 01 tne " n"' slar '-'ne- !?,eam:
present political situation. The Cuban 8niD ,,len here " '
army already has large quantities of 8el said 8,le ua1 accommodations for
American rifles purchased in the same 500 passengers, second class
way in past years. only- She was engaged in the Liver
The surprise with which' official re- P00' Capetown and Australian service
ceived the first report of an outbreak At the office of the White Star Line
in Cuba is giving place to speculation 'le"e it was said the ship had been
as to what unrevealed influence ni3y engaged in admiralty service but
be behind the revolution. In some w-hether so engaged when sunk they
(Continued on Paee Three.) did not know.
SALT LAKE CITY, Feb. 13.
Jack Dempsey, of Salt Lake, was
knocked out at Murray, a suburb
of Salt Lake, tonight by Jim
Flynn, of Pueblo, Colo., ten sec-
onds after the men shook hands.
Flynn pushed u'own Dempsey's
guard with his right and swung
his left to the jaw. The Salt
Lake man sank to his knees and
over for the count and it was
twenty second after Flynn had
been declared the winner before
Dempsey regained his feet.
U. S. Treasury Faces
$333,400,000; More
Deficit of
Bonds Sure
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Feb. 13. A treas
ury deficit pf $333,41(0.000 at the end
of the next fiscal year is forecast in
a report submitted today by the sen
ate finance committee, recommending
that the administration revenue bill
be amended to authorize a bond of
$195,25fi.0O0 instead of $100,000,000
and that authorization for certificates
of indebtedness be made $500,000,000
instead of $300,000,000.
The recommendation for increases
is based on revised treasury depart
ment estimates submitted to congress
since the bill passed the house, plac
ing the ff'dt'ial government's expen
ditures for the fiscal year 101S at $1.
4o0.0i0,0o0. The committee estimates
that to meet this total and provide
a working balance the amount which
must be raised by bonds and new rev-
!enue legislation is $433,400,000.
I This the committee proposes to raise
j as follows:
I By bond issues tor expenditure
! on account of Mexican situation to
jjune. 1917, $162,418,000; for construc
itlon of Alaskan railroad to June 30,
j 19IS. $21.S3S,000; for construction of
jaimor plant $11,000,000; making a to
j tal bond issue of $195,256,000.
I By new taxation an excess profits
'tax, $226,000,000; inheritance tax In-
creases. $22,000,000, making a total of
$248,000,000 and a grand total from
1 new taxes and bonds of $443,256,000,
, or $9,856,000 in excess of absolute
needs. In Its report the committee
explained that the proposed authori
jzntion to issue short term certificates
1 of indebtedness up to $500,000,000 is
' for the purpose of tiding the treasury
over until the new taxes come in. A
large portion of the total revenues of
the government now is payable dur
ing the last month of the fiscal year,
and probably more than $."00.0u0,0o0
of revenue would, in the opinion of
the committee he collected during
June, 191S.
"The income tax. the munitions
manufacturers' tax and the excess
profits tax all are due and payable in
June of each year." says the report.
"This is practically as much as will
be collected during the entire preced
ing 11 months. That is. while the dis
bursements for 1918 may be less than
the receipts for that year, still, at cer j
tain periods prior to June the treas
ury may need these certificates of in
debtedness to tide it over."
The bill probably will be brought
up in tho Hentte Friday.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 1::. An inqui
ry concerning the re-detention by
Germany of the seventy-lwo Ameri
can seamen brought in by the prize
shin Varrowdule was dispatched to j bern received at the state iler.nnment
Berlin today by the United Slates, j since the break with Germany from
preliminary to more vigorous action '. either Ambassador Elkus in Constan
if the men are not promptly released, j tinople or from Consul General Mur
Will Demand Release phy in Sofia who cared for American
The plight of these sailors occupied i interests throughout Bulgaria. Cablt-s
much or the time at today's cabinet 1 to and from both points must go thru
meeting, given over to the crisis , Vienna but officials have no intima
growing out of Germany's submarine j tion as to whether they are held up
warfare. It was agreed that their lib- j there or by the local Bulgarian and
erty again should be d marded in 1 Turkish authorities,
most emphatic fashion. Pending com ' u. S. Relief Held Up
plete reports as to the treatment or Meanwhile the naval collier Caesar
German crews on war-bound ships in J loaded with food and clothing con
the Philippines. Hawaii and ele- j tributed by Americans ror the suffer
where, however, the government will ers in Syria and the cruiser Pes
content itself with the inquiry as to j Moines, loaded with medical supplies
why the Americans are held and tin- j are lying at anchor in Alexandria har
der what conditions. , Dor. unable to continue their voyage
Favor Arming U. S. Ships to Beirut because of the uncertainty
The cabinet discussed every phase ) as to what greeting they would meet,
of the international situation. The They are long overdue at Beirut
question of providing navy guns for where they were not only to unload
American ship owners desiring to arm their supplies for the destitute Syrl
their vessels for defense was consid-1 ans but lso to take on board the de
ered. but it was stated officially after- tained Americans,
waid that no decision was reached, it Heretofore appeals to Cermany have
is understood that there was a divis-1 been successful in instances where it
ion of opinion with most of the cabi- was desired to bring pressure on Tur
net officers strongly favoring furnish-, key. but its employment now would
ing the guns both on the grounds that ' be embarrassing if not out of the ques
permitting American ships to remain tion.
idle in port suggests acquiescence In 1 lt was expected after the cabinet
Germany's course, and because the j meeting that full reports on the treat
congestion of ocean bound freight in ; mint of German sailors on warbound
the country's ports is assuming seri- shins was awaited so as to make cer
ous proportions. Two or three mem-! tain ihat no subordinate official ex
bers are said to have contended that ' ceeded his authority in dealing with
the policy would be unwise. The the ships or their crews. The.gov
President will decide the question. ernment's instructions have been th.it
"Sub" War Intensified I legal technicalities should lie avoided.
Xews that an official statement had ; This has been done at all ports of the
been issued at Berlin announcing that ' continent!'! United States and whrre
yesterday was the last "nay of grace : officials in the Philippines and else
allowed neutral shipping before the ! where have undertaken t guard
unrestricted submarine warfare went j against the ships becoming menaced
into full effect, did not appreciably , to navigation, orders have been issu. d
increase tension here. There has been 1 to confine such efforts strictly to sur
full realization ever since the sinking , veillance with action only when es
6f the Anchor liner Calfornia that the sential.
German campaign is being carried on ',
in defiance of the United States audi WASHINGTON. Feb. 13. SUnator
that providence only is to be thanked ' S.nilsbury of Delaware, President pro
that an overt act against American I tempore of the Senate and a majority
life which would precipitate war has, member of the foreign relations cotu-
not been committed.
Break With Austria Near
There were strong indications
during the day that severance of
relations with Germany would
be extended to the other central
powers. Austria's adherence to
Germany's position is regarded as
practically certain to force a
break with that country. Ambas
sador Elkus at Constantinople
was instructed today to ascertain
whether submarines operating un
der the Turkish flag were under
the same instructions as those of
Germany and Austria.
Serious difficulties with Turkey
already exist over interference
mittee. introduced a bill in the senate
! today which would throw down nen
I trality bars to warships of the en
1 tente allies and open all ports, har
; bois and territorial waters of the Un
j ited States to the worships and other
j vessels as freely as in times of peace.
' Designed as a measure short of ac
I tual war termed to "discourage the
violation of international law at sea."
the bill was proposed after a long de
liberation and consultation by Sena
tor Saulsbury with some of his col
leagues and officials of the govern
ment. Whether he had consulted or
had the approval or the President wan
not disclosed. There was no discus
continued on Page Five.)
L
El A
L
SPLIT WITH PLATERS FRATERNITY
(By Review Leased Wire?
NEW VORK. Feb. 13 The Nation
al League and the Baseball Players'
Fraternity came to the parting of the
ways here late today while Manager
John McGraw of the New York Na-
ional League club and President Da
vid I- Fultz of the players' associa-
ion were in secret conference endea
voring to reach a common ground up
on which the so-called strike of the
players could be compromised. The
senior organization passed unani
mously a resolution abrogating the
agreement made with the fraternity
at Cincinnati on January 7, 1914. and
when McGraw returned to the meet
ing it first appeared as if his self-imposed
mission had been in vain.
Later, when President Tener of the
National League read the resolution
to the newspaper representatives he
explained that no discrimination was
to be made against any player who
might have been or who continued to
be a member of the fraternity, but
that the league would no longer rec
ognize the organization and that all
dealings in the future would be with
the players as Individuals.
As this was the principal request
made by Fultz in his conference with
McGraw as a guarantee before taking
(Continued on Tate Turee) V
TWO
THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 14, 1917.
KEEP STEM 1
HHUG THE TRIPLE VOTE PERIOD
Keep It Before You That This Big Vole Schedule Will B
Speedily Reduced After February. 24, and 'That' Your
Subscriptions Now Will Avail You. More Votes Than
Ever Again.
TRIPLE VOTE SCHEDULE
Votes allowed for new and renewal paid-in-advanre subscriptions lo
T.!ie Hisbee Da'ly Review between now and
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 24TH 9 P. M.
2 year subscriptions Sia.OO iM.ot'O S.00O
1 year subscriptions.". 7-"0 9, two o.OUO
6 nios. subscriptions 4.00 3,600 1,200
3 mos. subscriptions 2.25 liOO 50i!
("aneiidate-s Votes '
Miss Loia 'idrews 70,i2S
Mrs. Grace .M Uier 69.400
Miss Emiiiiibeite Rolfe 67,220 '
Miss Myrtle Aiuorn 74,480;
Miss Rose Waiher 57,900 :
Miss Frances JjliiT 73,640;
Miss Dot Fiuiays'jn 63.010 :
Miss Mildred Robinson 64.920,
Mrs. Frank Mosler 62.700
i
Candidates, from the Crst to the ,
last, you are all in it. Vjur totals arej
flying higher and higher and Hearing
the ftoal. All you have to do is stay
w ith it. "l'ue harder you go after tri
ple vote subscriptions, the proa tor ill
be your jraia and Lie more difficult it
will be for your competitors to catch
up with you after this bis vote induce-'
uient is concluded on February 24.
Candidates are on the aiert throiiKh-1
out the W arren district lor suivserip-
tions, and many of them are getting
busy with pen and ink, heralding the
.good news of the Review s contest and
ashing their friends to keep in touch
with the interesting happening ot
Disboe by becoming subscribers to the
Review and they are meeting witn i
results.
Make new yearly subscriptions your
specialty during the Triple Vote Ulicr,
fjr every' new yearly subscription
brought to the contest department bf
iore Saturday, Feb. 24. you v ill be
allowed 9,0kv votes instead oi
votes as is allowed lor an aid one foi
the same term of months. Ii you
can't got it for twelve months, try for
six, and if not six months you still
have the privilege of asking tor three
n:onths.
Bring your subscriptions in cariy
and often and let us get them on t!:e
subscription list right a v. ay. The
earlier your supporters pet their paper
Hie more they will appreciate your
worth and the greater number ol
I'jupons they will be able to save for
r
Women's Smart Dressy Kid Boots
In White, Colored Kid Two-Toned Effects
and Black and White Combinations $5, $3.50 to $10.
GEXriXK ECONOMY is possible only when qitali'y is present. "QUALITY" is present here. Every Shoe
f our New Spring Stocks owes its presence to the qualities it has which will fulfill the especial needs of the
women of Uisbee.
AND WE HAVE MANY STYLES TO SUIT THE NEEDS OF EVERYBODY, AND ADAPTED TO
THEIR POCKETBOOKS. OUR SHOES ARE THE RESULT OF EXPERT SHOE DESIGNERS
AND EMBODY ONLY THE BEST MATERIALS POSSIBLE.
WK SPECIALIZE ON many lines and all prhvs. It is our desire to give you the best in dependable footwear
for the least expenditure of money. LOCK ttOTTOM prices always prevail at "The Fair." And considerably
less than the large met ropolitan city stores will ask f'jr shoes of equal STv'LK, QUALITY and high grade
DEciL.' INC. and MAKING.
m
White
Li
For Spring
Canvas, Kid and Nu-Buck, $5, $5.50 and $3.50
--ALL WHITE IS Fashion's Favorite Footwear f"r Spring and
S'iii!jiicr---N-w. liitTircnt. Grau-tul. Smart. A pretty model at
:.tl is of White a. liable Kid. While l.cry Soles, and S inch t ip.
faultiest; in fit and finish. ANOTHER wry exceptional value is
the Shoe of White Nil l!uc k. inch lop, I..ce style, priced at Jti.r.li.
AND, the shoe that will be accorded much popular:))' is this new
aTival iiat ciinie .Monday; mi'iio of WHITE ANY AS. white soles
and heels, b iuuli top, lace stylo pric ed at O.'Jtc
M
Candidates
Mrs. Doris O'Neal
Miss Katy Johns
Miss Willa Robinson
Mrs. Giover Quails
Mrs. Ruth Sargent
Miss Gladys Doescher ...
Miss Caddie Clifford
Miss Theodora Gregovich
Miss Coral (Sundry
69.840
71.47C
70.520
29.200
?0,480
Do not go after subscriptions half
heartedly. W hen you ask a person to
subscribe, ask him with the conii
dence that you are going to win, then
if he refuses you know that you have
done your host and arc quite certain
that no '.me else will get the votes
you have bid for. It i3 not expected
that everyone w ill be ready to sub
scribe just at the first crnvass. Get
the promise at least, put it down in
.your note book and at the appointed
time b- on the spot to collect it.
If you are keeping busy all jur
spare time, you have the knowledge
of knowing thai no one is getting a
Good for
1 0
Votes.
Vote Coupon
The Bisbee
Greater Automobile
4 T.-V... V
3 Address..
Not pood if deposited after February 20th. Clip as many of these
ciHj'Oiis as you can and ask your IrTenCs to clip them for you.
Coupons niai-t be deposited in fiat packages and not rolled. Clip
neatly on border lines.
.CLIP ON BLACK BORDERS.
Colored Kid Boots
--KNTKEME SIMPLICITY in design and the striking com
biiiHti'.ns of different colors which predominate in Fas.'iion
ai It- Spring Footwear will be hailed with d.dight and pleasure
by i'll women who follow closely the Fashion trend in Slxwc.
XO KFFOKT has been spared, no source has been over
looked to present to the women of the Warren Distric t every
ninde tendency relative to Colored Kid and Novelty Loots
Prices ranee from $t.50 upwards to $10
Stetson Shoes for Men
- STETSON .SHOES AliE GENUINE economy. When you
pay the Stetson price you simply buy more shoe comlort, bet
ter !:: looks, longer sln:e near. And you get more of each
per dolhir you invest.
THE NEW SJ'fflNG MODELS arc ready. ;md comprise all
favrite leathers; blj'k or tan, Button or La-rc; Englis'i or
Con:-crv;itfVe last:; ; priced at $S.oo a pair A little higher
than hi: tcar And.till a big money's worth.
B
00 ts
load ovor you. for it takes time and
energy to build up ; winning vote
.schedule. A day's hustling today
with a lay off of tw o or three days be
tween the next, will avail you i.'oUiin.g.
! Show me the candidate w ho keeps
'steadily at It, smiling at obstacles and
i I'll show you the candidate who looks
! like the winner.
CAPTAIN OF GREEK
STEAMER IS DROWNED
LONDON. Feb. 13. Lloyd's an
nounces that the Greek steamer Aph
iers Spyridion. 768 tons, has been
sunk by a submarine. Five men have
been landed, but the captain a-nd the
remaindor of the crew were drowned.
, 1 nr
Sf
I i I'll IV U- U.i J I
mmn
Witt 1
Votes S V f
Ilk Xv
In every home Sloan's Lini
ment has earned its place in
the medicine chest as a relief
from pJins and aches.
Quickly penetrates without rub
bing and soothes the soreness.
Cleaner and more effective than
mussy plasters or ointments, it does
not stain the 6kin.
- For rheumatism, neuralgia, gout, lum
bago, sprains and strains use Sloan's Lini
ment. At all druggists, 25c. 50c. $1.00.
1
Good for
10
Votes.
Daily Review
tnd Prize Contest
Splendid
Values
In $4 and $5 Black Boots.
IN SPITE OF THE soaring prices of
all kincls and every grade of shoe leath
er, ivi- Iimvc I ii a. ilc- lei maintain our
mm' nal high t landard of quality in SI
and Shoes for Women.
H(H'E of Patent or Dull leather, kid
or cloth tops, several styles from which
to c lioc-se - AND better vnlue than you
get in most stoics at this low pric e.
RESERVE BANKS PUT
BRANCH III MANILA
(By Review Leased Wire) I
WASHINGTON. Feb. 13. The Phil
ippine National Bank was designated
today as correspondent of the reserve
bank of San Francisco in furtherance
of the reserve 1,'oard's policy of estab
lishing correspondents throughout the
i world to aid American trade and make
' secure the dollar as the standard of
international exchange. The Philip
i pine bank is the first outside contin-
ental United States bank to be ap
i pointed correspondent of the reserve
system.
Appointments of a correspondent in
the Orient was deemed advisable be
cause of the rapid growth of trade be- t
tween the I'nited States and the
Philippines, China and Japan. Trade
with the Philippines alone has passed
the $100,000,000 mark and recently has
, established a branch in New York.
With the establishment of the new
connection, officials believe that com
mercial and financial relations be
tween the United States and the
Orient will be fp-atly strengthened.
CHINESE REFUGEES
MAY RETURN TO CHINA.
EL PASO, Feb. 13. Chinese re
fugees from Mexico who are being
held at Columbus. N. ny the I'nited
States immigration Vtlicials, will be
brought to Juarez in bond if they de
sire, or if they do not wish to go to i
Mexico, they will be returned to China
by the government.
This was announced today by Kimp- j
son V. T. Yu. secretary to Chinese
Consul General T. K. Fong f San j
Francisco, who arrived here today.
The consult general will arrive here
Thursday to arrange for the disposi
tion of his countrymen. Fung Ching.
representing the Six Companies of
San Francisco, is also here to care
jr the member of this 'organization.
CONGRESSIONAL "LEAK"
TO END FEBRUARY 27.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 13. Extension
until February 27 of the time limit for
a final report from the Congressional
"leak" inquiry committee was granted
today by the House and immediately
afterward the committeemen left lot
New York where hearings will be re
sumed toniorro-v.
It was exfejained that no new evi
dence which Would make an extension
necessary was found, but it was
thought best-to have sufficient Ume to
warrant the report being drafted
deliberately. In some quarters the ex
tension was interpreted as meaning
that diligent efforts are being made
to induce the committee to .agree on
a unanimous report
THINK AMEBfkAN WAS
SHOT ON SHIP SAXONIAN.
I LONDON, Feb. 14. According to
j stories in the Daily ews and Daily
Chronicle. American survovors of the
steamer Saxonian say that another
American besides James Weigard was
.shot and, they added, mortally wound
ed. The name of the man is not men
tioned. DAY AT PHOENIX
(T!y Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX, Feb. 13. The. nKht ovct
the nominations sent to the senate by
Governor Campbell is on. The select
committee consisting "of Senators De
vine, Whipple and Winsor to which
the nomination were referred ten
days ago, yesterday submitted their
report, recommending that lio action
be taken on the nominations until
alter the disposition of the; governor
ship c'mtest. Under lice rules ac tion
could not be taken on Hie report until
tin.- day following its .submission.
The appointees are Doane 11. Mer
ril to be citizen member of the board
of control; George II. Smalley. statc-c-xamim-r
and three members of tin
livestock board. Until Monday night
it was generally believed that th
nom ination would be reaffirmed by
the votes of tin- five Republican mem
bers of tiie senate and five of the
Democratic members. Cut it was re
ported that oiip of the five Democratic
members had gone over to the other
side leaving the senate 10 to 9 against
confirmation.
That is evidently th,. belief of the
Republican members as to the present
attitude of tin- senate, as the Campbell
men Ibis afternoon withheld the unani
mous consent without which final ac
tion could not be taken on the n pcqt.
Several ucw Bills were brought into
each house today. Among them was
one by the senate CMiiiiiittce on ap
propriations, appropriating 3'.i,hhi for
the construc tion and equipment of
school lor the deaf unci dumb on the
old experimental farm, four miles
not Hi west of Phoenix.
A bill by Hall, of Maricopa, is di
rected against picketing and provides
that city ordinances against pic keting
must lirst be submitted to a referen
dum. There is such all ordinance In
Phoenix but it was held to be iuvaiid
because- of the absence of the provi
sion in the ll.cll measure.
A Jiill in the House- by Wiltbank. of
Apac hi', proposes the- abolition ol Hie
cxpi-rjiui'iilal I inn. The senate- adopt
e-cl a rule that no bills may be- intro
cluc'cd in that L'ldy alter February :.':!
unless preseliled 1 a e iiiiiliiittce.
The 1 louse-, as usual, spent the great
cr p-irt o the day on Hie geiieial ap
piopiia'iou bill.
Have yes
Indigestion?
Your food will continue to dis
agree with you, and cause dis
tress until you strengtfin your
digestive organs, and tone and 1
sweeten the stomach. You can
do this quickly and surely by
promptly taking a few doses of ,
Their natural action relieves
the stomach of undigested food,
stimulates the flow of gastric
juice, renews the activity of
the liver and bowels, and
strengthens the digestive sys
tem. Take them with confi
dence, for 60 years' experience
prove that Beecham's Pills
Are good for
the Stomach
Lart Sale of Any Modieiae in ika World,
bold evarywbera. la boxes, 10c 25c.
MEXICAN TROOPS
DASH AFTER BANDITS
(Continued From rage One)
arrival of addition reinforcements in
Juarez from Chihuahua City. Includ
ed among these was two troops of
the "death brigade", making a com
plete battalion of the cavalry troops
wh'j claim to take no prisoners in bat
tle. Private advices received h e hit's
today said Villa forces now hold Par
ral. Chihuahua. Colonel Jacinto Her
nandez, the defacto commander, hav
ing retired to the Sierras.
GIRLS! HAVE A MASS
OF BEAUTIFUL HAIR,
SOFT, GLOSSY, WAVY
25-cent bottle destroys dand
ruff and doubles beauty of
your hair.
Within ten minutes after an appli
cation of Danderine ycu can not lind
a single trace 'of dandruff or falling
hair and your scalp will not itch, but
what will please you most will be
after a few weeks' use, when you see
new hair, fine and downy at first
yes but really new hair growing all
over the scalp.
A. little Danderine immediately dou
bles the beauty of your hair. No dif
ference how dull, faded, brittle and
scraggy, just moisten a cloth with
Danderine and carefully draw it
through your hair, taking one small
strand at a time. The effect is amaz
ing your hair wiil be light, fluffy and
wavy, and have an appearance ol
abundance r an incomparable lustre,
softness and luxuriance.
Get a 25-cent bottle of Knowlton's
Danderine from any drug store or
toilet counter, and prove that your
hair is as pretty and soft as any,
that it has been neglected or injured
by careless treatment that's all you
surely can have beautiful hair and
lots f it if you will just try a little
Danderine. (Advertisement)
FRED FULTON EASILY
WINS FROM WEINERT.
NEW YORK. Feb. 1.;.- Heavywe ight
Fred Fulton of Rochester. Minn,
scored a techuiial knockout over
Charley We-ineil. of Newark, N. .1., in
the scconel round of their si heiii;le cl
ten round contest at Madison Squar
Garden tonight. The- P iere-e slopped
the contest !'. prewitt a knockout.
USE "CASCARETS" FOR
LIVER AND BOWELS
WHEN CONSTIPATED
When bilious, headachy, sick,
for sour stomach, bad
breath, bad colds.
Cict ii l'l-cent bux. 1
Take a Ciiscaret tn r.UUt to clcan.'-e
your Liver, Stomal li aud Bowels, and
you will surely feel ureal by inorniii.. I
You men and wotm u bo have- bead
aclie-, recited toni.-uc. a b.icl cold, arc '
bilious, nervous, upset, holhon-d with
a sick, passy,-diseirdere-d stVuiai-lt, or
have backache- and l"c l all worn out. '
Are you keeping your bowels clean'
with Cascarets or merely forciiiK a
jeassaev ay every lew d;it Villi salts,
cathartic pills or castor oil?
Cascarets immediately cleanse and
regulate the; stoiimcli, re move the- semr.
undigested anil I'l-rtncnl ing fund and
foul gases: lake tin- excess bib- Iroiu
the liver and curry W the constipated
waste matter mid poi ;oii I mm tin
bowels. Ilcini'iiibi r. a l az are t lei n ii; 111 will
straighten ou out 1-v morning. A
l'i ce nt bo Iroiu ou- druggist mcitis
iiealthy bowel action: a eb a: load and
e-l'ecrlilpi-ss for mouths. Ivn't loigcl
the children. (Advertisement)
bbhqn s
Hot Water for
Sick Headaches
Tells why everyone should drink
hot water with f hesphate
in it before breakfast.
Headache of any kind is caused by
auto-intoxication which means self
poisoning. Liver and bowel poisons
called toxins, sucked into the blood. ;
through the lymph ducts, excite the
heart which pumps the blood so fast
that it congests in the smaller arter- ,
ies and veins of the head producing
violent, throbbing pain and distress,
called headache. You become ner
vous, despondent, sick, feverish and
miserable, your meals sour and almost
nauseate you. Then you resort to
acetanilide, aspirin or the bromides
which temporarily relieve but do not
rid the blood of these irritating toxins.
A glass of hot water with a tea- ,
spoonful of limestone phosphate in it.
drank before breakfast for awhile,,
will not only wash these poisons from :
your system and cure you of head
ache but will cleanse, purify and
freshen the entire alimentary canal. !
Ask your pharmacist for a quarter j
pound of limestone phosphate. It is in
expensive, harmless as sugar, and al- ;
most tasteless, except for a sourish
twinge which is not unpleasant.
If you aren't feeling your best, if
tongue is coated or you wake up with
bad taste, foul breath or have colds,
indigestion, biliousness, constipation
or sour, acid stomach, begin the phos-
phated hot water cure to rid your
system of toxins and poisons.
Results are quick and it is claimed
that those who continue to flush out
the stomach, liver and bowels pvery
morning never have any headache or
"tnow a miserable moment.
Advertisement.
HEINO & KEANE
Cleaning, Pressing and Re
pairing $1.25 a Suit
Suits from $25 to $55.
All work done on the premises
by Union Tailors.
Phone 677, Johnson Addition.
CATARRH
OF THE
LADDER
p&frj Ee:iersd la
vSiSt name - V j
Erware cfdiunterfeit
Our Went Adds Bring Results
Watkins & Bergquist
Quality Jewelers
The Best Opticians
The HALLIvL LlK
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best ot everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 50c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $35;
$9 by the week. '
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan 6c Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
tlim I - r. r
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
LOWELL
BIG
ilvervare
of the famous -
GORHAM PATTERNS
Chantilly Etruscan
Clermont in Single pieces
and beautiful Mahogany
Chests.
Also '
The International Silver
Company's line of beauti-
ful Hollow Ware.
See Window Display
Get My Prices.
L, L. GILMAN.
EYE NERVE GLASSES
Perm?.rentiy located
in Eisbee, except
Mondays in Douglas
Room 1. Maze
Duilding.
DR. R. GLAZE, Neurologist
Phone 156.
O. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop,
pposile Depot Ambulance
Hiin thej
CITY PARK TAILORS
make your next suit 3000 pat
cerns to pick from. Under new
city park, Bisbee.
UEEN LAUNDRY
Reapectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
CHICHESTER S P!LxS
fj Tt ji:. 'jt s.TF.BP
.M 1:.Sicn; t!i:.L: I'lM S l.u
JU yeaeVi.wTMliji.'.MHtf.jklwaTSkeli..
iOLO Ft PSiiuMSIS Iti-fiMHSE
READY FOR WORK
comprises nil that's necessary to
predicate of the many paints ot
the first (trade which are here
for your Felectiou and purchase,
tt's our business to know paints,
to keep on hand a supply of
paints with which to till your
orders, to buy them reasonably
priced and to sell them with
inly a small margin of profit.
I'.irdon us for saying Unit we
know our busincs sated attend
lo it. to our mutual profit.
Company. nc
CAR STOP.
PHONE 25.
splay THREE
BERNSTORFF SAILS
FOR COPENHAGEN
AND HOME TODAY
He Still Hopes War Between
U. S. and Germany May Be
Averted, and Seems Torn
With Grief.
THESE TWO PIKATES ARE CALLED TIIE
MOST CRACE1TIL 1IATTEIIS IX THE GAME
r?
K1
i-i
:; t
)-
I!
i
i
iWAREorrs
4,
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 14, 1917.
n 1 fT. , ,
ILL THE w ,.UolTl
fX &EAL'TlFCU. f iS-Ss. useful. JJ?
VVyp v ' .si L
3
Hill Hinchman (left) and Frank Schulte.
The Tircies may not lead the National Icapue in many respt. iiut
1! - :.l !: ast i,u.y he proud lliat their line-up contains the frame's two most
j i! hr.tiers. Frank Schulte and Bill Hinchman have teen selected as
t . i utters -who surpass all others in ease and grace at the plate,
i . ! ! tie heavy shivers an;i send the liall far away, but they seem
' ' ' ' 't .':!-. o::t anv tiotiocal.le effort- .
GERMAN PLOTTER VON (GEL
PERMITTED TO LEAVE U. S.
NEW YORK, F.b. 13 Wolf von
I gel, former secretary to Captain
Franz von Papen. dismissed German
naval attache, will be permitted to
Fail tomorrow on the Frederick VIII
as a member of Ambassador von Bern
storff's staff, although under federal
indictment charging him with alleged
complicity in a. plot to destroy the
Wellend canal, federal officials admit;
ttl here today. Von Ig l's name ap
pears on the passenger list of the
Frederick VIII.
Assistant U. S, Attorney Knox, who
directed the prosecution of the case
Chamberlain's Tablets.
These Tablets are intended espe
cially for disorders of the stomach,
liver and bowels. If you are troubled
with heartburn, indigestion or consti
pation they will do you good.
(Advertisement)
in which Hans auscher, husband of
Madame Gadski, also a defendant, de
clined to discuss the status of von
Igel other than to say that no steps
would be taken to restrain his depart
ure. Von Igsd after bis arrest was releas
ed on $20,000 bail and his trial from
time to time has been postponed.
An Effective Laxative
For Growing Children
DR. CALDWELL'S SYRUP PEPSIN
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED AS
A FAMILY REMEDY.
In children the slightest irregularity
Of the bowels has a tendency to dis
turb the entire digestive system, and
unless promptly remedied invites seri
ous illiless. The experienced mother i
knows -that by training her children j
to regularity in this . respect, and ;
when occasion arises administering a I
mild laative. she will have little need
for the doctor's services.
Mis. Leo Weigand, CST.l Central
Ave.. N. S. Pittsburg. Fa., whose two
boys, Frank and Joseph
- jjQg..pFranlc Joe'feand)
in the illustration, writes that she has
found Pr. Caldwell's Syrup Tepsin a
most effective laxative, not only l'jr
the children but also for herself, and
that she will always keep it in the
house to use when needed. Dr. Cald
well's Syrup Fepsin Is a combination
of simple laxative herbs with pepsin
that acts easily and naturally, without
griping or other pain or discomfort
It is pleasant ft) the taste so that chil
dren like it, and is equally effective
on the strongest constitution.
Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin can be
obtained at any drug store for fifty
are shown cents, and should have a place in every
home. It will save many times its
cost in lessened doctor bills and main
tain the health of the entire family.
To avoid imitations and ineffective
substitutes be sure and get Dr. Cald
well's Syrup Pepsin. See that a facsi
mile "ol Dr. Caldwell's signature and
his portrait appear on the yellow car
ton in which the bottle is packed. A
trial bottle, free of charge, can be
obtained by writing to Dr. W. B. Cald
well, 455 Washington St. Monticello,
Illinois.
Ask Art
HE'S IN ON IT.
DON'T FORGET TO
Ask Art
(Tiy Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON', Feb. 13 In a fare
well statement before leaving tonight
for New York to sail for V.me, Count
von Dernstorff expressed the hope that
war between the I'nited States ami
Germany might be avoided and that
friendly relations might soon be re
established. The former German am
bassador said to a group of newspaper
correspondents gathered at his house:
"In leaving the I'nited States after
a stav f eight years,, 1 wish to e-
tend to tny many personal friends my
heartfelt thanks for the gr.-at kindness
nd cordial hospitality they have
shown me.
"My heart is full of gratitude to
those whose personal feelings never
wavered during the trying years of the
war. In the last days I have received
so many cordial farewell messages
that it was impossible to send thanks
for them individually.
"Countess von Bemst'jrff joins me
in this expression of our deepest per
sonal gratitude.
"I hope that war may be averted
and that old friendly relations be
tween the I'nited States and Germany
may soon be restored."
The former ambassador, together
with his wife and his suite, left Wash
ington late tonight in a special train
placed at their disposal by the state
department and guarded by IT. S. Se
cret Service men. The train will
carry the party to within a sh'jrt
distance of the berth of the Danish
steamship Frederick VIII, which Is
due to sail for Copenhagen by way of
Halifax at 2 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. Among other things. Mr. Bernstorff
denied emphatically that he had talk
ed to various perh'jns on the subject
of peace since the break between thn
United States and Germany.
"I have not talked politics with any
one since the break came," he said.
"Any statement to the contrary is
pure fiction. I have never lied to a
newspaper correspondent since I have
been in Washington. Some times I
have not told you all that I knew, be
cause in the position I was in that
was impossible, but what I have told
you has been the gospel truth.
"Will I ever come back to Wash
ington?" h continued in response to
another query. "Well, I am not think
in1; about that now. I am thinking
ilto'tt going back to Germany.
"Where am I going when I get to
Tomuiny? That all depends. I am
T-'rg first to Berlin. Then may be 1
ill to my place near Munich. I
'!on'- know just what I shall do. It
is rll uncertain. If I knew I would
ti-H you. The only things I do know
"if, I cannot talk about. I have
t!ir;;ed everything over to the Swiss
"inisier and he will have to talk
at-nit them in the future."
" the correspondents departed
Count von BemsUirff shook hands and
said good bye to each as he passed
out of the door.
After dinner at the embassy last
minute packing was completed and
Count and Countess von Bernstorff
were driven , near midnight, to the
station, where their party had al
ready assembled.
ST. LOUIS PITCHER SHOT
SAN ANTONIO. Feb. 13. Dave
Davenport of the St. Louis Americans
Hitching staff was seriously wounded
at his home in Runge. Texas, today
when his rifle was accidentally dis
charged. Davenport had just return
ed from a hunting trip.
The bullet passed through his chest
and also inflicted a scalp wound.
FINE FGR jMPATISff?! SAVE DAD'S LIFE
GET IT FOR
Musterole Loosens Up Those Stiff
joints Drives Out Pain
You'll know -.-in thousands tf-e Mus
vrnlc once you cxpcriince the gla.l re
lief it gives.
jet a jar at nnre from the nearest
drug store. It is a cle::n. white oint'ivnt,
made with the oil of mustard, ilcuer
than a mustard plaster an I dues not!
About Constipation.
Certain articles 'of diet tend to
check movements of the bowels. The
most common of these are cheese, tea
jand boiled milk. On the other hand
I raw fruits, especially apples and ban
janas, also graham bread and whole
I wheat bread promote a movement of
I the bowels. When the bowels are
badly constipated, however, the sure
way Is to take tne or two of Cham
berlain's Tablets immediately after
supper. (Advertisement)
Says it is suicide to cut corns
and tells how 'they lift
right out
OHRT LEADS BIKE NUTS
n
n
i
i
m 'Y r . -f i V I ilJ i. I 111 I . 1 I I ' V N i 1 i
Ua f.
li':;!rVk'A'
n
u
t
tr'
H
V
u
y
11
its '
1
:
u
I.
7 won't be ready to givs yoa th?j t:r-rTr
for two years, it's for VELVET." -
We Won't Say VELVET is the BestPipeTobacco
We couldn't until we had tried every tobacco made, but.
we know that most American pipe
smokers agree tnat Kentucky Luney is
the world's choicest pipe tobacco.
We know that this tobacco can only be at its bect
cfter two years' natural atinor, and we take the
time arul pay the price to ae VELVET in Nature's
sure, patient v.ay.
ii
i
H
1-1
I.-'
Too ntzny cooks spoil tha
broth. When Tine and
Nature are makin'VELVET,
no us: anybody eke
atirrut' in. 7
You oufjht to know what we know about
VELVET'S mildness, mellowness ana taste. We ll,
it's mighty ca;y to know, and you can n'.-ver Icam
younger than riit i:o-w by trymy VELVET your
self, today i& Sf , .
I Ze Tm i Sc Mctal-liscd Bafl 1 " Clut Hoicidor
3
BLOODY REVOLT IS
THREATENING CUBA
(Continued Prom Pa;e One)
diplomatic quarters there is the be
lief that strong foreign pressure has
been felt in the island republic, and
that Germany, because .f her break
with the I'nited States, -would be most
likely to figure in such a move. If
officials have any evidence that there
is truth in this suspicion, they hav
not revealed it.
PENSION BILL PASSES HOUSE
WASHINGTON. Feb. 13. The an
nual pension appropriation bill carry
ing $160,000,000. was passed by the
House today in fifteen minutes.
NATIONAL LEAGUE AND
FRATERNITY DISAGREE
(Continued From Tage One)
steps looking toward the lifting of
the strike order in so far as it affect
ed the major leagues, it appeared that
his request had received considera
tion. That the magnates realized the seri-
One of the most appr.rcif
evidences or personal d;-
Oj follows the use of n
'S c. - ii Ji-T .
January iiajr wressir.g
HERPiClDE
AipIicat:otu at the bettrr barber sh:p
(inarantmi by Th Hcrpiciio Co.
siold Everywhere
ousness of the situation that faces
baseball both from internal and ex
ternal complications, was shown by
te fart that the bast-ball writers
were called into the meeting of the
league for one of the very few times
in the forty-odd years of it existence
and the follo'ving resolution was read
after whUJi i!ie ipnsnates slated that
they v er' re-nly t'i answer any mes
tions thn' ni':t be aked:
'Whereas, the ball plnyrs' f-atpr-r.ity
bss viV'ed te letter nnd spirit
of pn afreei.i-nt made ht"en na
tional 1-rti!s. cl-ihs and plover, en
t'Trd Into of date of January C, 19U.
therefore be it.
"Resolved by the National League
of professional baseball clubs that in
so far as that league is Concerned,
this agreement be and is h-r-by ab
rogated and all relations between this
!"acue and said fraternity are hereby
severed and terminated."
When the resolution was showa to
Fultz he refused to state what action
the fraternity would take until he had
consulted with other officers of the
organization, ttefore he left fGrw
arrangement s were made to mft
acain tomorrow whenFultz hoped to
go tefiYre "tfie' National La:ue. but
the rtction of that organization virtu
ally barred the way for such a move:
Wliet'er Fultz will decide to call
off the strike upoti the strer. ith of the
National Leas-io resolution ould not
r learned tonight.
The Quinine That Does Noc Affect
The Head
Becanss of its tonic anil laxative efiect.
Laxative Brotno Quinine can be taken
by anyone without causing" nervousness
or ringing in the head. There U only
one "Br onto Quinine." E. W.
Crove's signature i on each box. 25c.
HEAT
THE UTTLE PORTABLE GAS HEATER ENAELES YOU
TO QUICKLY CONVERT THE COLDEST ROOM IN
YOUR HOUSE TO WARMTH AND CHEER IT GIVES
CHICAGO. Feb. 13 At the end or
the 47th hour of the six day bicycle
race tonight. Ernest Ohrt of the Ohrt
Grimm team, was leading the other
.nine teams. Nine of the tennis had
gone 90S miles and one lap with the
br.iUes. chilliiams, frnsud foe, odds of
the chest (it often prevents pneumonia).
VliI uimrilv c- u ir t.. t1.i Irnir ulnrA
blister. Pnnps a e : il l c irifort vh:U I ..,!..' . ,
, . man. Give me a quarter of an ounce
Much-role 'i ' re-omnic-ded l.y many of eezone." This will cost very little remaining team one lap behind.
1 ctors and nurses. Millions of "jars 'art 1 but il is sufficient to remove eveiy
used anmially tor hp ndiilis. croup, stilt: hard or soft corn from one's feet. I When You Have a Cold,
nek. asthma, nc'.tralgia. pWrisy. rheii-j A few drops applied lirectly upon a It i when you have a severe cWd
in.it'sni. lmiilmgii. pains and aches of the tender, aching corn .should relieve the that you appreciate the good qualities
k'ik or joints, sprains, sore nr.iscK-s, ' soreness instantly, and soon the entire of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. Mrs.
corn, root and all. can be lilted out Frank Crocker. Fana. 111., writes:
I with the fingers without pain. ("Our five-year-old son Paul caught a
This new way to rid one's feet of severe cold last winter that settled on
I corns was introduced by a Cincinnati his lungs and he had terrible cough
man, who says that while freezone is ing spells. We were greatly worried
' sticky it dries in a n.'.nnent, and seems about him as the medicines we gave j
to simply shrivel up the corn without him did not help him in the least. A
inflaming or even irritating the sur- neighbor spoke so highly of Chamber-'
rounding tissue or skin. Iain's CjucIi Remedy that I got a hot-,
! Don't let father die of infection or tie of it. The first dose benefited him
lockjaw from whittling at his Ctirne, bo much that I continued giving it to
but cut this out and make him try it. him until he was cured."
I (Advertisement) ' (Advertisement)
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
I
Comfort
-1
1
WHERE YOU WANT IT
WHEN YOU WANT IT
fr -
UGHTS AT THE FLASH OF A MATCH CONNECTS
BY A FLEXIBLE METALLIC TUBE AND CAN I5E
EASILY MOVED FROM ONE ROOM TO ANOTHER.
QUICK
SAFE CLEAN
BISO
Prices $2.75 to $7.00
EE 111
PROVEmENT CO FOUR
THE BISBEE, DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY .MORNING, .FEBRUARY 14, 1U17.
iUisbu Daily SSurutea?
Published Every Day Except Monday by the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 3, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable in Advance:
PER MONTH $ .75
THREE MONTHS 2.26
SIX MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter 75
M Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cent.
PHONE NO. 39.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor if any Irregularity of delivery Is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Wednesday Morning, February 14, 1917.
"THE FINEST ARMY."
An anonymous military attache at Washington who
has seen the present British and German armies in action
is crediied with the remark that General Pershing's ex-
peditionary force, as it marched northward across the
border the other day, was "the finest fighting machine in
the world."
"There is no army of its size," he said, "to compare
with this little army of Americans. They are trained
and equipped to perfection. Not even a buckle on a
mule's harness is lacking. And with it is the spirit of
the American soldier. What it is I cannot say, but it is
there. In the swing of their bodies and the set of their
shoulders I could see it."
We have always regarded our own soldiers as un
equalled in spirit and lighting quality, but it comes a,s a
surprise to be told that our army is in such admirable
shape at this moment. It is reported that the long stay
in Mexico has been used to good purpose. "While the
column remained inactive, stretched across the Mexican
desert, it was busy experimenting and perfecting itself.
The lessons of the war in Europe were taken to heart.
The equipment in every branch of the service was
changed to conform to the advance in military science."
The troops were taught the new style of trench war
fare, the new methods of artillery fire and infantry at
tack, the new devices for Fcreening guns, the new mili
tary aviation. The army was supplied with motor trucks,
wireless and tractor outfits, portable cooking wagons,
road-building machines, tractors for hauling heavy guns,
aeroplanes by the score and all the other paraphernalia
of present day warfare. Their health was well attended
to. and they were kent hard and fit
AH this is good news. It is gratifying to learn that
some positive benefit has been attained by the Mexican
expedition, which so far as its original purpose is con
cerned is regarded by many Americans as a failure.
That "little army" is ready to give a mighty good account
of itself against any foe. And if it becomes necessary
to create a large army. General Pershing's seasoned and
disciplined troops will constitute an excellent nucleus,
which can be expanded according to the need, most of
the present rank and file being available as drillmasters
and officers.
mans in the United States who have had no trouble about
their jobs. Ia fact, it's probable that about 99.99 per
cent of German residents, whether they have their citi
zenship papers or not, have not been molested in any
way, and will not be.
It's safe to say that whenever this man was fired, he
was fired not because of his race, but because he was
working harder at being a German than he was at hid
job. The man who does the work he is paid for without
making any fuss isn't discriminated against. Any man
of German origin who flaunts his Germanism in the face
of non-German employers may expect resentment, as may
any man who flaunts pro-British sympathies in the face
cf a German employer. But the man who attends to his
own business is safe, whatever his sympathies. There is
more racial tolerance here than in any other land under
the sun.
HIS BIGGEST DAY'S WORK
liv BiMNKERHOFF.
WHAT SUBMARINES ARE FOR.
Germany explains that her U-boat campaign is due to
the fact that Great Britain is trying to starve the Ger
man nation.
The Eritish blockade w.'iich is meant to starve the
German people into submission is maintained by the
British war fleet. Why, then, are the German submarines
not sent against those blockading warships instead of
against noncombatant merchantmen that are connected
with the controversy only inva distant and indirect way?
There is the indefensible weakness of the German posi
tion. It is like the familiar plan of the neighborhood
j bully who, when put to rout by a lad of equal or superior
strength, proceeds to lie in wait and thrash that lad's
little brother.
For the German nation in its privation there is sym
pathy wherever there are men and women with hearts in
their bosoms. But for the German policy which shuns
fair and honest combat between warships and tries to
bring the enemy to terms by making war on noncombat
ants there can- be nothing but contempt.
At least, let Germany make one courageous -effort to
crush the British sea power that is throttling her. Let
the German navy stop being "too proud to fight". Iet
the German warships come out of their hiding place ami
give battle. Ixt the German submarines be turned
against the allied battle fleet instead of against innocent
vessels of commerce.
Even if that effort failed, Germany would not be justi
fied in her present policy of ruthlessness. but the policy
would then be view ed a little more charitable.
BLOCKING TRANSPORTATION.
The familiar transportation peril has appeared again
lately, in a new form. It has developed that Chicago
switchmen have it in their power to tie up the freight
traffic of eighteen important railroads. And since Chi
cago holds the key to so much of the country's shipping,
that comparatively small group of switchmen in a single
city could precipitate a food famine and produce traflic
congestion of every sort throughout the country. A lot al
strike might be nearly as serious as a national railroad
strike.
It is absurd that a few men should thus possess so
huge a power for public inconvenience and disaster. The
chaotic system which permits that cannot be permitted
to continue much longer. Some way must be found fof
the adequate protection of the great majority of citizens,
which constitute the public, against the inconsiderate
acts of small minorities, whether those minorities rcprc;
scut capital or labor. vThcrc are safer and better way;;
tliau strikes to settle labor disputes.
It is to Ihj hoped that congress will muster courage to
deal properly with this problem of .safeguarding public
transportation rights, inslcad of dodging it.
GERMANS AND JOBS.
A German sailor who was stranded in this countiy
when his ship was laid up at Baltimore at the beginning
of the war complains that since that time he .has lost !sG
jobs lM.-e-au.se "Americans don't like Germans." He lost
his first job, iie says, two days alter he got. it, and has
been losing jobs steadily ever since. He visited tiie po
lice station in llobokcii, N. J., I lie other day. with his
tale of woe. "It's becoming monotonous," he taiil. "Jlaki
me an American citizen, will you?"
The IloboUon poli'-e force-, having no aiitliorily to make
liim an American eitucn, elireclcil him to a place wlic-r..-that
ceremony might Ik- performed.
If the" sailor's story were taken at its fan- alue it
would be a serious indictment of Americans. But with
all due n.pcit for a sailor's vci.iufy. it must be doubled
whether h- loi-t al! th'j.;t: jobs, or any of tUrm iui-rc!y
The British troops fighting in
France continue their peeking at the
German lines at various points and
j according to the latest British ofTi- ,
cial communication they have met
i with additional success. The greatest j
gain was east of Souchez. north of Ar
ras, where an advance of several bun- !
dred yards placed them in German
positions which were badly damaeed ;
by the invaders, who in addition kill- j
' ed a number of Germans and took 47
prisoners, similar raius were maue :
near Nieuville-St. Vaux. Loos and
Ypres. In the Ancre region near j
Sefre and Pys the Germans were un-
successful in attacks on the newly j
captured positions of the British. On i
the remainder of the front there have j
been bombardments :
With the return of better weather
conditions, the activities of the ar-
mies on the Macedonian front have j
increased. The fighting, however, is ;
being done mainly by surprise detach j
ments and the artillery wings of the ,
belligerents. In the Cerna bend re
gion Berlin reports the capture by the
Teutonic allies of a hill position east
of Paralovo and several camps behind
that front, while Taris records the re
pulse by the Italians of several sur
prise attacks made by the Germans
between the Cerna and Iike Presba.
In this region the bombardment has
grown particularly violent. In the
Irant theatre the British have contin
red their drive against the Turks un
til they now have tho town of Kut-el-
Amara completely hemmed in. The ,
Turkish war office admits the gain of !
ground on the Turkish left wing in !
this region but says the success ob- '
tained was insignificant in compari
son with the losses sustained.
While the invaders still remain vir
tually inactive along the southern I
front of the Rumanian theatre, their
armv on the west Moldavia front has
again been operating and has captur
ed a strong point of support fro-ii the
Rumanians south of the Vale Putna
road. Prisoners to the number of 16S
were taken, together with much war
material.
. Several members of the crew of the
White St&r Line steai.tr Afric are
missing as a resull of the destruction
of the vessel by a submarine. The
KEEPING OUR SHIPS.
T ie proclamation of the president forbidding the trans
fer of any more American ships from American registry
is opportune. It would have been better if such action
had been taken long ago. We have lost to foreign nations
109 ccrgo ships in the last year and a half. Not only will
all available ships be needed if we get into war, but all
the ships we have or can get are urgently needed now
for the carrying of our ocean commerce.
The shipping famine is becoming more acute every
day. It may be, as some of the experts say, that the total
tonnage destroyed during the war is only about 10 per
cent of the world's merchant tonnage, 'but in practical
effect the loss is immensely greater than that. Millions
of tons are not available because they belong to the Teu
tonic allies and dare not venture to sea. Many millions
more are restricted to military purposes because the
Entente campaign depends so largely on the use of the
sea for transporting men and supplies. At a time when
the pressure of transatlantic traffic is greater than ever
before, it is said that there is left only about one-tenth
enough ships to carry it. That tenth, too, is rapidly be
ing depleted by the U-boat depredations.
The proclamation is- in accordance with a law enacted
in the last session of congress, which brings ship trans
fers under the jurisdiction of the new federal shipping
board. It applies only to ships already registered, not to
those now building. It might be well if the board were
empowered, too, to forbid the construction of ships for
foreign registry as long as our present emergency con
tinues. Both our prosperity and our safety are con
cerned. We must have, at all hazards, ships enough for
the needs of our navy and our commerce.
112
fi, , . -i. 4ef
M. - S-m- to
J
Afric was of 11,999 tons. Two other
vessels, the British steamer Foreland
1,160 tons, and the Norwegian motor
vessel West are reported to have
teen sent to the bottom.
BOB VEAL.
Diet squad experiments at Washington are said to have,
upset another prevalent food notion. Government ex
perts undertook to find out whether the prejudice against
"bob veal" was well founded. The common idea is that
the flesh of a new-born calf is unfit for food that veal
isn't lit for human consumption until it is several weeks
eld. There are federal laws and laws in most of the
states prohibiting tile sale of "immature veal."
The experts fed veal to a group of young men without
their knowledge for a week or two first bob veal and
then mature veal. They observed no bad effects on the
digestion or health in either case. There was no per
ccptiliie difference in ease or completeness of digestion
of the two varieties. In both instances 9;! per cent eu'
the prc.tein contained in the meat was utilized. The con
clusion was that veal in either form is wholesome and
easily digested.
But the mere verdict of a dietetic expert will hardly
change Hie opinion of t lie public. Food notions, whct'icr
right- or roiig, have an astonishing persistency. The
average man or woman will not be much better disposed
to bob veal than before. Neither will the person who re
gards all vial as unw luolesome start eating it becam e the
govcruiiietil representative advises him to. ( ,
The prejudice is pardonable.' ' And it might really be
Letter for eve rybody concerned if then- were more of it.
If people bluntly refused to cat veal, especially new veal,
there would be ir more cuhes raised to im.'turily. t'lerc
by ii' ren ins the ripply of the far mop; important pio
ARTHUR L. FLAGG,
Consulting Engineer and General Manager of the
GREAT
COPPER
RAY
CO.
Reports to the Company's Directors on progress of mine development
as follows:
"Within the past sixty days ISO feet of development work has
been done in driving tunnels. Out cf this ISO feet,
ONE HUNDRED AND SIXTY FEET HAS EEEN
IN ORE,
occurring as chalcopyrite associated with pyrite in a light colored
schist. This ore is persistent in all the workings. '
Over a mile of substantial road Jias been constructed, connecting
the property with the county roi'.ds to allow of drilling rigs being
placed on the ground.
Two houses have been const-ueted on the Company's townsite.
An adequate supply of pure v. ate r for domestic purposes has been
developed, which will be piped for gravity flow to the townsite.
The result of development wcrk has been eminently satisfactory,
in that it bears out predictions male for the future of the property by
its engineers.
Drilling tp determine quantity and quality of ore at depth will bo
commenced just as soon as machinery can be placed on the ground.
The Management and Stockholder.'-, of the Great Kay have good reason
for elation over the outlook for the property".
The Company's stoe-k is selling for 30 cents per share.
Leave subscriptions with
L. J. OVERLOOK
Bisbee.
and SMITH & MACGREGOR,
Lowell.
V
t
I
Our organization and facilities for the
management of estates enable us to affect
considerable economy.
We act according to law as Executor,
Trustee, Administrator or Guardian.
Call or write us for particulars.
FOR
Real
Automobil
Service
GQrTO
THE BEST EQUIPPED GARAGE
Our Mechanical Department Open Until 9 Every Night.
We Rebuild, Repair and Charge ALL MAKES OF
STORAGE BATTERIES.
BEST MACHINE SHOP IN THE DISTRICT.
Largest Stock of Tires and Supplies in the County.
BROPHY GARAGE & SUPPLY CO.
Lowell - - - AmcMia.
With Money
That's the way wealth has been gained ever since the
world started.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is making money for you with the four per cent
interest which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT
GROW!
Citizens Bank & Trust Company
Main Street BIbo, Arizona
Will E. McKee, President C. A. McDonald. Cathlor.
O. W. Wolf, Assistant Cashier.
hA r J
m
A BENEFrr TC OUR CUSTOMERS
You will find it to your advantage to have
an account and tranact your banking
business with us.
Wc have connections with the principle
commercial centers and give our custom
ers the benefits of our facilities.
Accounts subject to check are solicited.
t
REVIEW HI H ABE BUSINESS GFKW V
V
THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 14, 1917.
FIVE
VILLA BAND RAIDS
HEW MEXICO RANCH
(Continued from Page 1)
to be J'ohn Pierce. Miles Pierce. An
drew Peterson, Jr., two brothers
named Jensen and a young man named
Adams.
The "Corner Ranch' is so called be
cause it is located in a corner formed
by an off-set in the international
boundary near monument number 53.
The ranch extends for several miles
along the American side of the bound
ary and is located entirely in Ameri
can territory.
Another message received by Ameri
can cattlemen at Columbus today told
of a raid on the Nogales Ranch which
is located on the Mexican side of the
boundary south of Hachita. N. M.. but
is owned by American cattlemen.
Ten dead horses were found on this :
ranch after the Mexicans had raided i
it and a large quantity "of supplies,
ranch stock and other property, were '
taken, the 'message stated. Several
ranch employes were made prisoners.
miles southwest of Palomas. Consul
Bravo said that the movement of this
band would ause his government con
siderable apprehension as to interna
tional consequences until C'urranza
troops are able to garrison the dis
trict recently vacated by General
Pershing.
AUSTRIAN ENVOY ARRIVES IN U. S. ONLY
TO LEARN HE MAY SOON BE RECALLED
MASONS AND EASTERN
in
. jaw
V
COLCMDl'S, Feb. 13. Military au
thorities reported here tonifiht that
armed couriers had been despatched
from Hachita to report on the raid oa
the Corner Ranch.
Andrew Teterson. one of the Mor
mons taken prisoner, was engaged by
Lein Spillsbury several days ago to
join two other Mormon t'jwboys in a
search for stray cattle along the bor
der. Their course brought them to
the scene of the reported raid. Great
fear is felt here that the captured
Americans have been killed.
l
STAR THEATRE HAS
MANY IMPROVEMENTS
COLUMBUS, N. M, Feb. 13. The j
Corner Ranch is owned by the Palo-:
mas Land and Cattle company which
also owns large holdings in the vicin-!
ity of Palomas. C. K. Warren, of
Three Oaks, Mich., is one of the I
principal stockholders in the company, j
EL PASO, Feb. 13. The raid on the j
Nogales Ranch, which is located 40 j
miles from the border in Mexico and j
100 miles from Hachita, N. M., oc
curred on February 10, according to j
the message received here. j
As far as has been learned here, no !
one w as killed during either raid al-j
though only the most meagre details
have been received from "The Corner
Ranch", and the Nogales Ranch be
cause of their isolated position.
EL PASO. Feb. 13. A message re-,
ceived here late today by Eduardo
Soriano Bravo, the Mexican consul.
ironi nis ageni. Luiumuua, ,
that the Villa party reported at Palo-1
mas Lakes last night was heading for j
Janos, a town in the mountains 80 j
S. Bizat, proprietor of the Star thea
tre, formerly the Lyric, on Brewery
Gulch, has made extensive improve
ments in his little picture house, the
entire theatre has been painted inside
and outside, a new gold fire curtain
has been installed and one of the lat
est models Powers 6-A operating ma
chines has been added to the operat
ing room, making the pictures un
usually clear and doing away with all
flickering. Another improvement is a
new thousand d'ollar electric piano
with several hundred rolls of the lat
est music. New opera chairs have
been ordered and will be installed the
latter part of this .week. The Star
will shortly be one of the cosiest thea
tres in the district
The big feature in today's program
will be Charley Chaplin in the "Star
Boarder." one of his funniest com
edies. The other numbers on the pro
gram will be "The Itorder Runner," a
one reel drama, and a late comedy
entitled "Accidents Will Happen."
The Star runs a continuous perform
ance from one to ten.
A"
vw.;tXv - . y. v . . ....
' -A t
1, Vw A v i
SESSIONS IN PHOENIX
. OMAROMA
AR.OMA
Court Tcrnow phoiocrraphed on arrival in New York Thursday.
Count Adnm Tatno.,ki von Tamow, Austria-Hungary's new amliass.n
dor to the United States. L-yn'Ci! on his arrival in New York Thursday of
the new crioi.; v.i.iib l.:.s ari..n i;:volvinjr Ccnnany ar.! the United Stau-s.
If Amiiafsador von r.cnit.to! IT is handed his passports the same fate is
' tlino.-.t suie to !,tf i!! Cour.t Tarrow, as Au.-tria wiil in all likelihood follow
Gtnuatiy'.s cxa:r.ple in (ice'lai itiy a submarine liiockade. . .
(Special to the Kt-view)
PHOENIX. Feb. 13. Every lodge in
the Arizona jurisdiction was repre
sented at the grand lodge session to
day and in the afternoon it was de
cided to hold grand lodge elections
Wednesday at t lie evening session the
i third degree was exemplified by Tem-
pe Lodge No. 13.
Today was the first day of the sev
enteenth annual session of the order
of the Eastern Star.
In fact so litany things were feat
ured for thij branch of .Masonry that
the day took on very much of a serial
aspect. Tonight there was an elabor
ste bampiet which was attended by
some 3oo Masons ai.d about 150 mem
bers of the order of the Eastern Star
while in the afternoon a large party
of the gentler sex ent to Tempe
where a visit was paid to the Normal
School. Following this visit the wom
en visited the Masonic hall and were
entertained there by Tempe members.
G. M. Freeman of Tucson delivered
an address at Tempe in the afternoon
r.nd the grand master of the grand
;odge gave his annual address in the
morning at the grand lod"?e session
in Phoenix'. On Wednesday evening
one of the notable" social features of
the session will he given the grand
' ball. It will take place in the wom
I ans' club house and will be jointly a
J Masonic and Eastern Star event.
KIE-YIE-YIE! GET
ME GETS-IT' QUICK"
2 Drops Make Corn Tall' Off!
"I've joined the Never-Again Club.
Never again will I use anything for
corns but "Gets-It." Put 2 drops of
"Gets-lt" on and from that second th"
3000 TROOPS FROM
SONDRA GO EAST TO
HELP GHASE VILLA
A big part of Omarcmar is aroma.
And the result of Omar's aroma is
just sheer content.
Omar's aroma is a rich and ripe
aroma because it is a blend of rich
Turkish and ripe accentuating leave?.
.Omar the perfect Turkish blend.
Even the words blend.
(By Review Leased Wire)
DOCCLAS, Feb. 1:!. Under com
mand of Generals UuillPPiio Chavez
and Manuel Sobarzu, approximately
three thousand infan'ry and cavalry
left Agua Plieta last r.ifrht and today
lor Colonia Morelos, 56 miles south
east v.here mobilization for the Son
ora expedi'ion into Chihuahua will be
begun.
General Arnuifo Gomez with 2."0
cavalry and 7!j0 infantry, arrived in
Acua Prieta during the day and left j
later for Morelos. It was announced
in official quartcis that the expedi
tion would leave the colony about the
sixteenth lor Chihuahua. At the same
time General Murguia and Dicguez
plan to begin a movement against '.
Villa from the east and south, in Chi- i
huahua. i
General F. K. Serrano, military com I
niunder of Sonora. is expect -d to j
reach Agua Prieta tomorrow and (
make his headquarters theie. lie will i
not accompany the -expedition, it was
stated in Agua Prieta todav.
"ASHES OF EMBERS"
! PLAYS AT THE ROYAL
Pauline Frederick in Famous
Players Picture Today
Perhaps the most difficult tak
which the director can ask of his star
is that she play in a production de
manding the use of double exposure
that she play two roles in the same
picture. This is the task faced by the
beautiful and talented Pauline Frede
rick in "Ashes of Emoers," w hich plays
at the Royal today, her newest Fam
ous Players production on the Paia
mount Program, in which she plays
the sisters Agnes and Laura, the one
a drudge and the other a totally heart
less and selfish w'oman.
There is no reason, however, why
Miss Frederick should shrink from
such a task as she has already scored
a great success on the screen in an
other dual role "The Spider" in
which she scored a great triumph.
This is the sort of work which only
the mo-it talented and most highly
imaginative players cau t.j successiui
iv since it requires a far greater ex-
Stop
Look
Do not be fooled by an old
game. Do not let them get
your money.
A few months ago a West
ern Baking Powder Company
was perpetually enjoined "by
the U. S. Federal Court for the
District of Idaho, from fooling
the people of Idaho with
The Fake (Comparative)
Water Glass Test
Now an Eastern Baking
Powder Company is trying to
fool the people with the same
old fake water glass test. The
object is to get your money.
Are you going to let them
get it?
Be wise ask your grocer
He will tell you how the fake
test is worked. He will advise
you to save your money and
buy an honest baking powder
which contains no albumen,
(sometimes called white of
egg).
K C BAKING POWDER
contains no albumen or any adultera
tion. It i made right and keeps
rght Pure Efficient Legal
No Fake Test.
Ounces for Jc
(More than a pound and a m.Jr
half for a quarter)
Jaques Mfg. Company, Chicago
'OTi. Don't Tonrh It!
I e "Xn-lt and
iltt Sure!
It'n So Sorer
It Will .Never
tor
Cents
Vs. - " LI 11
BiLLiE BURKE WILL
PLAY HERE TONIGHT
"Gloria's Romance", in Serial,
Will Be Feature at the
Eagle Theatre.
More than a score of the wealthiest
patrons of fashionably I'alin I'cach.
Florida, appear in the early clapteM
of "Gloria's Romance." I lie new mo
tion picture noe froi.i ;'.ie pen of
Mr. and .Mrs. Uupi rt Himlies. in which
lUIlie liurke is being featured. The
unusual opportunity .it both appear
ing' in a notion picture production
and acting as a supporting
famous u star as liillii
pealed to I he millionaire colony at
I'alin iJeach as a great lark. The lili.i
is Ik; eytur,- at the Kagle theatre on
Wednesday.
'It's the Omar-Aroma that counts'
GERMAN TROOPS TO
OPEN BIG CAMPAIGN
IN WEST NEXT WEEK
Ouararttfecl by
(liy Review Leased Wire)
j COI'KNII.V.KN. Feb. V. The troop
I uiovciuents in i; ri"any preliminary to
i 1 1 1 ' sprinu caiupai.mi arc now in lull
'swii'g. Ijie iiociui-M.- of the
j train:; and Ihe requireiin nt lor the
I in w coM' elilr iiiolls are n spullihl''
I lor more than the tun I :.horlau,e, lor
there are. a!: o r. .it restriction:, upon
ordinary lra!lic.
iicr'j'ali new : papers say that Iroiu
Fehniary shll luillur restrictions
v ill be ini.,,sed.
These and other suns all indicate
that the litrman leaders expect the
i ercise of the imagination than any
! other form of action before the ca.n-
ra. Without anyone to w hum she
can actually address herself and with
out any actual assistance in the form
of a real situation to curry her a . -lion
through to a climax, the star must
rely entirely up'an her own genius 'or
tin whole action. Anyone who has
stood up and attempted to act before
a blank wall will have some idea ot
tlie dillifuitit"; which Miss Frederick
faced in the taking of those scenes in
which she plays both roles on the
screen at the same time. v
There is no sus-'estion of an attempt
to e.vpi'.iit trick work on the part of
the Famous I'lavers in producing this
picture. There is only one way in
which Die d ial role can be success
fully presented on the screen and that
is by means of the double exposure."
This method of photography is never
cast for so j resorted to. however, except where U
Rurkc, i:p lis absolutely essential to the pi'jgress
of the siory.
The story of "Ashes of lOlnbers" is.
briefly, that of a cry pitilessly sclttsh
- i r I w ho is relentless in her demands
lur money despite the fact tli.it her
own sister, who is the family drudge,
scarcely has enough to keep body and
s id together. Laura liually steals
money li'mi the. cash drawer over
I which her sister. Agnes, presnlea in
the department store .in order to get
a dress with which to d;rV..le a mil
lionaire. Agnes goes to jail, but
I Laura wins the millionaire who soon
'wakes up to the fact that he is being
used merely as a private purse by bis
wile who has promptly transferred her
affections to a voting architect Iroin
wliNitt she had temporarily disentails
led herself in order lo ensnare Ihe
gentleman (.f the money bags. The
rest of the .story d als witli the re
turn of A-nes Iroin the jail and the
diaiiialic complexities which invoho
l.aura, the millionaire, the arhi!et
and the lawyer who is engaged to
corn begins to shrivel, instead of
swelling up like a little white sponge.
Then it loosens from your toe and,
glory hallelujah! the corn comes off
as though you'd take a glove off your
hand'!'
Yes. "Gets-It" is the corn discov
ery of the age. More "(lets It" is sold
by n.any times than any other corn
r.. meilv iii pxistence. Trv it and
'you'll know the reason wliy. It takes
two seconds to apply it. and it dries
at once. That's all. Don't experi
mentfollow the experience of mil
lions and use "Gets-It."
"Gets-It" is sold everywhere. 2"c a
buttle, or sent on receipt of price by
K. Lawrence & Co., Chicago. III.
Sold in Itisbee and recommended
as the world's best corn remedy by
I'helps, Podge Mercantile Co.
Advertisement.
WOMEN OF
MIDDLE AGE
Mrs. Quinn's Experience
Ought to Help You Over
the Critical Period.
(m
AFRIC CREW LANDED.
opening of liie Jl'17 campaign
las call.- j. in the pr -mo is
v ear.
L'M)N. Feb. II.
1 1 1 of tie r - of ih
l.a- . ! ; :. !a.;-!c-d.
The pilot ami
slcaiiUT Alric
Lowell. Maw. "For the last three
years I have been troubled with the
mange oi L.ire ana
the bad feelings
common at that
time. I was in a
very nervous condi
tion, with headaches
and pain a good
deal of the time so I
was unfit to do my
frs4 tasked me to try
vi iLydia E. Pinkham'a
I Vegetable Com-
ytJpound, which I did.
Bnd it has helped me in every way. I
am not nearly so nervous, no headoehfl
or pain. J must say that I.ytiia K.
1'inKham's Vcpetahle Compound is tna
best renieily any sick woman can take. "
Mrs. Mar'Ja'rkt Qi inn Kear !2"3
Worthen St.. Lowell. Mass.
Other wamiiie; symptirns are a Sc,-;ss
of suffocation. ht flashes, heBclacnS;
backaches, ilrcad of imnendinir evil,
timidity, soun !s in the ears, paipitation
tf the heart, pparks before the ryes,
irregularities, constipatinn. vnriHhln
unpetite, weakness, in'i'jiefu'le. and
dizziness.
If von reel r'cial aJ.ic-e. write to
th f.vdia II I'inkham Medicma Ca
fccnfidential). Lynn, Masj.
Ii.uoll,. ln-r husband's dr urce action.
In support ol Miss Frederick there
appear Karl I o. Frank I.Vsce, Maggie
I'.i'lov.i.v l'ii!,r. Herbert .1 Frank
j:i l J.i; " t! u:i
SUBMARINE ATTACKS
WEST COAST OF FRANCE
J'ARIS. Feb. 13. A submarine yes
terday attacked the French coast at
the mouth of Adour river, in the ex
treme southwestern section, but did
not do great damage. An official state
ment on this opt ration, issued tonight
reads:
"An enemy submarine emerged at
3 p. m. yesterday at tiie mouth of the
Adour river and fired six shots at the
coast. The land batteries immediate
ly replied. At the first shot the sub
marine dived quickly.
"Five persons were wounded, one
seriously. The material damage was
insignificant."
FAMILY AVOIDS
SERIOUS SICKNESS
Bj Being Constantly Supplied With
Tkdford'i Black-Draught.
McDuff. Va. "I sufferedr for several
rears," says Mrs. J. B. Whitiaker, ol
(his place, "with sick headache, and
stomach trouble.
Ten years aqo a friend told rr e to trv
Thedford's Biick-Draujht, .which 1 aid,
ind 1 found it to be the best family medi
cine for young and old.
I keen Biack-Draueht on hand a!! the
!time now, and when my children feel a
little bad, they ask me for a dose, and :l
does them more good U:an any medicine
they ever tried.
I We r.ever have a loncj speTI of sick
ness in our family, sir.ee we commenced
usint; Black-Urajght.
Thedford's Black-Draught is ptirrly
regetable, and has been round to regu
late weak stomachs, aid dicstion, re
lieve indigestion, colic, wind, nausea,
headache, sick stomach, ar.d imi'.ai
lymptoms.
It has been in constant use br more
!han 70 years, and has benefited ir.ore
ihan a million people.
Your druggist sells arJ recommends
Clack-Draught. Tiiceo... -. U'-t a
Backasie lu-day. N. C iz
BISBEE TESTIMONY
BREAK EXPECTED
SOON WITH AUSTRIA
(f'ontinucd From Fage One)
sion of the bill in the senate and it
was referred to the foreign relations
committee. Some senators believed
that the passage of the bill would
amount to a violation, of neutrality
and would make the United States a
virtual ally of Germany's enemies
and force Germany into a declara'ion
of war.
General opinion at the capital ap
pears to be that .calling of an extra
session of congress will largely de
pend on the international situation.
i "T" , 7 ? t
man s
I Alterative
EASY TO DARKEN
YOUR GRAY HAIR
iTry this! Brush Sage Tea and
; Sulphur Compound thruogh
i your hair, taking one strand
at a time.
Home Proof, Here. There and
Everywhere.
When you see Poan's Ki-Ittcy Fills
rcc omtneniii d in this paper yu'i most
always tmd the recommcndi r a llisbee
resident. It's the sum ev.ivwlc r
in ::,vn tow us in Mi" I". S. For'y
tMttisand people publicly thenk lHan's.
What other kidney remedy can give
this proof ot merit, honesty and
truth".' Home testimony must be
true or it could not be published lien .
Read this I'.isbeo recomtnendati'jii.
Then insist on having Poan's. You
will know vvha' vmi are getting:
A. 1.. I ra-vloi.l. School lltll.
tH.vs: "I had severe p.itns
back and sharp twinges ntt'-n
mi' beiwei n my shotilip r.!
caused me much li'Mible and made my
work very hard. Poan's Kidney IMIs
had been used in ni fami'y with sin h
;:o."c results that I began taking theai
1 1 ::!!. The-, soon strengthened my
back and 1 U It much better in every
a "
1'rii e "'e. at a'l d alets. lhin't
siiuplv a.-k tor a kidney reined- get
poan's Kidney Fills the : a:ne that
Mi. t raw ford h.nl. Foster Mii'iiini
.. l'rops.. UuOa'.o. N. .
When you darken your aair with
Sage Tea and Sulphur, no one can t !!.
j t;i i a:se it's done so naturally. s:
evenly. Preparing this niixt'.ire.
thotiuh. at hoicie is mus.-y ard trouble
some. For cents you can buy at
any drug store the readv-to-usc jr
paration. tmpi'jvi d bv the addrtion of
other ingredients, called "Wvetirs
Sage atid Sulphur Compound. "ion
just dampen a sponge or sett bru-'i
with it and draw this through votir
hair, taking one small strand at a tim.
' Ity nu.rnln:: all gray hair d.sapp'-ars.
and alter another application or to.
your hair becomes beautifully Uurk
' cued, g.'jssy and ltiMiriant.
i Gray, faded hair, though no disgr'-.',
i is a .-igli ol old age. and as e al! il -
id re a vouthful and attractive appi .ir
ani-e. get busy at once wUri V. ;-lh
Sage iiitd Sulphur Coiiipound aai h ':
yc us younger. This rcad to u.-e e. -para'
ion is a delightful toilet remi.-.te
ami not a medicine. It i not iut n'i -d
for the cire. mitigation .r prevention
of di.-iMi.-e. (Ah cm. cm- n
I
iVitol
ox
P.isbee.
in ln.v
caught
This
This vv.iid lucjiis LIFE ami slungtli.
I se it and vou will ktio v that tin:
' name is jut right.
' VITOLOX purities the Hood. ier
j recta disorders of the t-tomacli. i n-
i
j proves the appetite, tones up the kid
,3c) s ami a sure s-hot for rheumatism
Get a bottle at any drug store, 510'' or
J for 0t.
A THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 14, 1917.
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. S. PATENT.
Minora! Survey No. SiMS.
Serial No.
Feb. 10. I:il7.
In the United Stales I .a nil Office.
Phoenix, Arizona.
N'.rtice is hereby given that Baptist
Oari'tto. owner of an undivided one-
half imprest. Allon D. Fair, owner of
an undivided one-quarter interest and
Ralph A. Ziesemer, owner of an un
divided one-quarter interest, whose
postoffiee addresses are Bisbee. Ari
zona, have made application for patent
for the foK'jwing named lode mining
claims, situated in the Warren Min
ing District. Cochise County. Arizona,
in Section 19 and 20, Townsh'p 23 S.
Range 2.ri-E. and m.surveyed. Sections
.24 an.1-2:.. Township 23 Riimv 21 E.
G. & S. II. H. M . neocrihed as fol
lows, lo-wit:
'T.ELLE MONTR" neginins at cor
ner No. 1, the X. E. Corner, whence
the V. Vi Corner of Section 19. T. 23-S.
n. 2".-e. o. & s. n. n. & m. tears n.
r.9" 4S' F.. 196S.9 feet; thence S. 20
48' W. 70.70 feet to corner No. 2;
thence X. 72 05' W. 132I.S0 feet to
comer Xo. 3; thence X. 29" 48' E,
538.40 feet to corner Xo. 4; thence S.
54 19' K, 1500 feet to corner Xo. 1,
the place of beginning, containing a
net area of 6.763 acres, expressly ex
cluding area in conflict with Survey
Xo. 2"90, Hlsh Fiver lode, of 3.669
acres. j
"GREEN LEAF XO. 2" Beginning
at corner Xo. 1. the X, E. Corner.
whence the W. i Corner of Section
19. T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M.t
bears X. 30 38' E. 279.4 feet; thence
Soulh, 603.40 feet to corner Xo. 2:
thence X. 83 46' W. 1500 feet to cor
ner Xo! 3: thence Xorth. 603.40 feet
to corner .no. ; tnence . bj o
1500 feet to corner No. 1. the place
tof beginning, containing a net area of
18.267 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Survey Xo. 226 Osce
ola lode, of 0.448 acres, and with Sur
vey Xo. 3180 O OM Paul lode, of 1.272
acres, and with Green Leaf Xo. 3, of
0.668 acres.
"MARCOXI" Beginning at Cornel
Xo. 1, the X. E. corner, whence the
W Corner of Section 19, T. 23-S,
R. 25-E, G. & S. R. B. M. bears X.
9 35' E. 855.7 feet: thence South.
555.90 feet to ctorner Xo. 2; thence X.
72 47' W. 359.80 feet to corner Xo. 3;
thence X. 65 59' W. 771.50 feet to
corner Xo. 4: thence Xorth, 250 feet
to corner Xo. 5; thence S. 83 46' E.
1054.70 feet to corner Xo. 1, the place
of beginning, containing a net area
of 7.701 acres, expressly excluding
. area in conflict with Green Leaf Xo.
3. tof 2.022 acres, and Bar Bullion, of
0. 353 acres.
"GREEX LEAF XO. 3" Beginning
at corner Xo. 1, the S. E. Corner,
whence the X. W. Corner of Section
30, T. 23-S, R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M.
bears S. 41 02' E. 1118.8 feet; thence
Xo. 51 20' W. 1279.00 feet to comer
Xo. 2; thence X. 29 48' E. 600 feet
to corner Xo. 3; thence S. 51 20' E.
1279.00 feet to corner Xo. 4; thence
S. 29 48' W. 600 feet to corner Xo.
1, the place 'of beginning, containing
a net area of 12.158 acres, expressly
excluding area in conflict with Sur
vey Xo. 3173. Morning Star lode, of
u.. acres, witn uar lsumon, of 0.401
acres, and with Mineral Farm Xo. 1,
of 4.420 acres.
"MINERAL FARM NO. 1." Begin
ning at corner Xo. 1, the X. E. Corner,
whence the X. W. Corner of Section
20, T. 23-S. R. 25-E., G. & S. R. B. & M.
bears S. 46 16' E. 762.2 feet; thence
S. 26 26' W. 719.00 feet to corner
Xo. 2; thence X. 30 06' W. 1482.60
feet to corner Xo. 3; thence X. 26
26' E. 719.00 feet to corner Xo. 4;
thence S. 30 06' L. 1482.60 feet to
corner Xo. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 15.718 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Bar Bullion, of 4.634 acres.
"GREEX LEAF XO. 1." Beginning
at corner Xo. 1, the X. W. Corner,
whence the W. "i corner of Section
19. T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M.
bears Xo. 30 38' E. 279.4 feet; thence
S. 83 46' E. 603.40 feet to corner
Xo. 2; thence South, 1454.00 feet to
corner Xo. 3: thence X. 83 46' W.
603.40 feet to corner Xo. 4: thence
Xorth 1454.00 feet to corner Xo. 1, the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 20.022 acres.
"BAR BULLION". Beginning at cor
ner No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence
the S. W. Corner of Section 19, ' T.
23-S. R. 25-E., ;. & S. R. B. & y.
bears X. 70 26' E. 584.3 feet; thence
X. 59 01' W. 600 feet to Corner Xo.
2: thence X. 24 20' E. 1500 feet to
corner Xo. 3; thence S. 59 OT E.
600 feet to corner Xo. 4; therce S.
24 20' W. 1500 feet to corner Xo. 1.
the place of beginning, containing a
net area of 19.472 acres, expressly ex
cluding area in conflict with Green
Leaf Xo. 1, tof 0.970 acres; and with
Survey Xo. 3174. William Penn lode,
of 0.080 acres.
"TRILBY". Beginning at corner Xo.
1. the S. E. Corner, whence the X. W.
Corner of Section 30. T. 23-S. K. 2"-E.,
G. & S R. B. & M. bears X. 4 6' e!
505.7 feet; thence X. 59 01' W. 6it0
feet to corner Xo. 2: thence 24 20'
E. 1500 feet to corner Xo. 3: thence
S. 59 01' E. 600 feet to corner .Vo.
4: thence S. 24 20' W. 1500 feet to
corner Xo. 1. the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 19.463 acres,
expressly excluding area In conflict
w ith Green Iaf Xo. 1. of 1.059 acres.
MINERAL FARM XO. 2" Begin
ning at corner Xo. 1. the X. W. Cor
ner, whence the X. W. corner of Sec
tion 30, T. 23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R P.
M. bears X. 87 58' E. 827.8 feet;
thence S. 59 01' E. 1500 feet t Cor
ner Xo. 2: thence S. 25 32' 30" V.
296 00 feet to corner No. 3; thence X.
68 31' W. 1498.50 feet to corner Xo.
Ask Art
ABOUT WHAT?
4; thence X. 2 32' 30" E. 44C.70
feet lo corner Xo. f,; thence X. 26
26' K. 97.70 feet to corner Xo. 1, the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 14.419 acres.
"MIDWAY XO. 1". Beginning at cor
ner XJ. 1. the X. W. corner, whence
the W. corner of Section 19, T.
23-S. R. 2'.-E.. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears
S. 29 26' W. 670.9 feet: thence S.
"9 U' E. r.4.fi0 feet to corner Xo.
2: thence S. '.' 44' W. 1T.h0 feet lo
corner No. 3: I hence X. f.9 1' W.
;r.4..r.n feet to corner Xo. 4: thence N.
.r, 44' E.. 1T.O0 feet to corner
No. 1. the place of beginning, con
taining a net area of 14.974 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey Xo. 4r.n. Burro Shoe
lode of 1.40.r( acres, and Willi Green
Leaf Xj. 1. of 4.00." acres.
"MIDWAY XO. 2." Beginning at
corner Xo. 1, the X. W. corner, whence
the W. 4 Corner of Section 19, T.
23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. & M.
Bears S. 74 ' 29' W. 924.6 feet; thence
S. 59 01' E. 662.00 feet to corner Xo.
2; thence S. 5 44' W. 1500 feet to
corner Xo. 3; thence X. 59 01' W.
662.00 feet to corner Xo. 4: thence
X. 5 44' E. 1500 feet to corner Xo.
1. the place 'of beginning, containing
a net a.a of 20.618 acres,
"CASH ENTRY NO. 2". Beginning
at corm.P No. lt tne N. yv. Corner,
whence the W. U Corner of Section
19, T. 23-S. R. 25-E., G. & S. R. B. & M.
bears X. 86 20' W. 1461.4 feet:
thence fi. 59 01' E. 662.00 feet to
,f.0rner Xo. 2; thence S. 5 44' W. 1500
j feet to con,er Xo. 3: thence X. 59
01' W. 662.00 feet t'o corner Xo. 4;
thence X. 5 44' E. 1500 feet to corner
Xo. 1. the place of beginning, contain
ing a net area of 20.618 acres.
CASH EXTRY XO. 1." Beginning
at corner Xo. 1, the S. W. Corner,
whence the S. W. Corner of Section
19. T. 23-S. R. 25-E., G. S. R. B. &
!., bears S. 2G 16' W. 1042.3 feet;
thence orth 685.10 feet to corner
Xo. 2; thence S. 59 01' E. 1500 feet
to corner Xo. 3: thence Stouth, 685.10
feet to corner Xo. 4; thence X. 59
01' W. 1500 feet to corner Xo. 1, the
place of beginnfng, containing a net
area of 20.226 acres.
The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the office of the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
Bar Bullion, Recorded in Book 52,
Record of Mines, page 131.
Belle Monte, Recorded in Bc'ok 52,
Record of Mines, page 137.
Cash Entry Xo. 1, Recorded In Book
52, Record of Mines, page 139.
Cash Entry Xo. 2., Recorded in Botok
54, Record of Mines, page 286.
Green Leaf Xo. 1, Recorded in Book
52. Record or Mines, page 132.
Green Leaf No. 2, Recorded in Book
52, Record of Mines, page 133.
Green Leaf Xo. i. Recorded in L'ook
52. Record of Mines, page 134.
Trilby, Recorded in Book 52, Rec
ord of Mines, page 130.
Mineral Farm Xo. 1, Recorded in
Rook 52. Record of Mines, page 128.
iir!.i varm Vn nni i
in
Book 52, Record of Mines, page 129
Midway Xo. 1, Recorded in Book
52. Record of Mines, page 135.
Midway Xc. 2, Recorded in Book
52. Record of Mines, page 136.
Marconi, Recorded in Book 52, Rec
ord 'of Mines, page 138.
The names of the adjoining claims
of this survey are: On the Xorth:
Survey Xo. 31S0, O OM Paul lode,
Survey Xo. 2256. Osceola lode. Survey
Xo. 2455, Jack Robinson lode and Burro
Shoe lode, unsurveyed claims, claini3
and claimants unknown.
On the East: Unsurveyed claims,
claims and claimants unknown. Lit
tle Dandy and Garibaldi Fodes, unsur
veyed. On the South: Victor, unsurveyed.
Survey Xo. 3174. William Penn lode.
Survey Xo. 2028. Grover lode. Survey
Xo. 3173, Morning Star lode. Survey
Xo. 2280 Omega lode.
On the West: Survey Xo. 2390, High
Flyer lode and Pet House lode.
J. L. IRVIX,
Register.
First publication Feb. 13, 1917.
Last publication April 24, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
V. S. LAXD OFFICE at Phoenix,
Arizona, Feb. 10. 1917.
Xotice is hereby given that W. Jac
ob McAllister, of Buena, Arizona, who,
on Feb. 4. 1913. made Homestead En
try Xo. 021106. for SE. Section 6.
Township 22S.. Range 21 E., G. & S. K.
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make Three Year Final Proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
secribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U.
S. Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona,
on the 29th day of March, 1917.
Claimant namex as witnesses:
Kd. Bryan. Cassius It. Knoles. Paul
H. Knoles, Oliver Fry, all of Buena.
Arizona.
J. L. I it V IN. Register.
First Publication Feb. 13, 1917.
Last Publication Afarch 29, 1917.
IX THE UNITED STATES LAND
OFFICE.
Phoenix. Arizona, Feb. 10. 1917.
Notice of Application for Patent Sur
vey No. 1898. Serial No. 031241.
N'otice is hereby given that Copper
(iueon Consolidated Mining Company,
a corporation organized under the
laws of the State of Xew York, and
lawfully engaged in the transaction
of its corporate business in the State
of Arizona, by C. If. Powell, its Gen
I era! Manager and Attorney in Fact,
whose post office address is Douglas.
Cochise County. Arizona, has made
application for patent for the "Hava
na" lode, situate in Warren Mining
.District, Cochise County, St.tte of Ari
jzona. :iinl is nuire fully described as
to metes and bounds by the official
plat lu-rettiln posiotl. ami ny me in-iu
notes of survey thereof tiled in the
office of the Register of (he United
States Land Office, at Phoenix. Arizo
na, which field notes of survey de
scribe the boundaries and extent of
said claim on the surface, with mag
netic variation of 12 20' East as fol
lows: "Havana" Lode
Beginning at Cor. Xo. 1. whence V.
S. M. M. Xo. 1. Warren Mining Dis
trict hears S. 89 11' E. 2373.3 feet:
thence X. 7S 12' W. 254.4 feet to
Cor. Xo. 2: thence S. 11 33' W.
252 4 feet to Cor. Xo. 3: thence S. 78
12' E. 2;1.1 feet to Cor. No. 4: thence
X. 0 r.fi' W. 245.4 feet to Cor. Xo. 5:
thence X. 84 34' E. 43.8 Teet to Cor.
No. 1. the place of beginning, exclud
ing, however, from said described
area the area of .057 acres in con
flict with "Webster" lode. Survey
13S7.
The nt area of said "Havana" lode,
for which patent is applied, exclusive
of area in conflict with "Webster"
lode. Survey 13S7 is 1.313 acres.
The adjoining and conflicting claims
are the "Molvina"- lode. Survey Xo.
959; "Copper King" lode. Survey Xo.
375: "Webster" lode. Survey Xo.
13S7; and "Al Hassen" lode. Survey
Xo. 13S7.
Any and all persons claiming ad
versely the mining ground, vein, lode,
premises, or any portion thereof,
so described, surveyed, platted and
applied for, are hereby notified that
unless their adverse claims are duly
filed, according to law and the regu
lations thereunder, within the time
prescribed by law, with the Register
of the United States Land Office, at
Phoenix. Maricopa County. Arizona,
they will be barred by virtue of the
provisions of said statute.
J. L. IRV1X. '
Register of the United States
land Office, Phoenix, Arizona.
First Publication Feb. 13, 1917.
Last Publication April 24. 1917.
IX THE UXITED STATES LAXD
OFFICE
Phoenix, Arizona, Feb. 10, 1917
Notice of Application for Patent, Sur
vey No. 1920, Serial No. 031242.
Xotice is hereby given that the Cop
per Queen Consolidated Mining Com
pany, a corporation organized under
the laws of the State of Xew York,
and lawfully engaged in the transact
ion of its corporate, business in the
State of Arizona, by G. H. Dowell, its
General Manager, and Attorney in
Fact, whose post office address is
Douglas, Cochise County, Arizona,
has made application for patent for
the "Midget" lode, situate in Warren
Mining District, Cochise County,
State of Arizona, and is more fully
described as to metes and bounds by
the official plat herewith posted, and
hy the field notes of survey thereof.
filed in the office of the Register of
the United States Land Office, at
Phoenix, Arizona, which field notes
of survey describe the boundaries and
extent of said claim on the surface.
with magnetic variation of 12 30'
East as follows:
"Midget" Lode
Beginning at Cor. Xo. 1. whence U.
S M. M. Xo. 4. Warren Mining Dis
trict bears S. 78 06' E. 4462.8 feet;
thence N. 34 ?.G' W. 74.5 feet to Cor.
Xo. 2; thence S. 80 51' W. 387.1 feet
to Cor. No. 3:-thence S. 34 36' E.
88.53 feet to Cor. Xo. 4; thence N.
78 57' E. 3S1.23 feet the place of be
ginning, excluding, however, from
said described area 0.024 acres in
conflict with "Macomb" lode. Survey
.Xo. 1896; also 0.404 acres in conflict
with "Golden Gate" lode. Survey Xo.
843.
The net area of said "Midget" lode,
for which patent is applied, exclusive
of said areas in conflict is 0.226 acres.
The adjoining and conflicting claims
are the "Hendricks," Survey Xo. 290:
"Copper Globe," Survey Xo. 1346;
"Golden Gate," Survey Xo. 843;
"Macomb," Survey Xo. 1S96; "Back
Bone," Survey Xo. 1387; and "Twi
light," Survey Xo. 1387.
Any and all persons claiming ad
versely the mining ground, vein, lode,
premises, or any portion thereof, so
described, surveyed, platted and ap
plied for, are hereby notified that un
less their adverse claims are duly
filed, according to law and the regula
tions thereunder, within the time pre
scribed by law, with the Register of
the1 United States Land Office, at
Phoenix. Maricopa County, Arizona,
they will be barred by virtue of the
provisions of said statute.
J. L. IRVIX.
Register of the United States
Land Office. Phoenix. Arizona.
First Publication Feb. 13, 1917.
Last Publication April 24, 1917.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
In the County of Cochise,
State of Arizona
In the Matter of the Estate and
Guardianship of Ellen Cunningham,
Mary I. Cunningham, Florence Cun
ningham, M. J. Cunningham, Jr., Fran
cis Cunningham and William Cun
ningham, Minors.
Order to Show Cause Why Or
der of Sale of Real Estate Should
NM be Made.
IT APPEARIXG TO THIS COURT,
by the petition this day presented and
filed by M. J. Cunningham, Guardian
of the persons and estates of the
above named minors that it is for the
best interests of the estates of the
above named minors to sell the whole
of the real estatp of said minors, in
order that the proceeds thereof may
he invested in some productive stock
or put out at interest.
IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED BY
THIS COURT: That all persons in
terested in the estate of said minors
appear before the said Superior Court
on Saturday, the 10th day of March,
A. D. 1917, at the hour of 10:00 o'clock
a. m., or said day. at the court room
of said Court, at the court house in
the city of Tombstone, Cochis Coun
ty, State of Arizona, rt show cause
why an order should not be granted
to said petitioner, to sell so much of
the said real eftate as shall be neces
sary and that a copy of this order bt
published four successive weeks In the
Bisbee Daily Review, a newspaper
printt d and published in the said
County of Cochise.
Dated February 3rd, 1917.
ALFRED C. LOCKWOOD,
Judge of the Superior Court.
First publication Feb. 8. 1917.
STATE OF ARIZONA
. office of the
Arizona Corporation Commission
United States of America.)
) ss.
State or Arizona )
The Arizona Corporation Commis
sion does hereby certify that the an
nexed is a true and complete tran
script of the
ARTICLES OP IXCORPORATIOX
OP
"UXITED WARREX COPPER MIX
ING COMPAXY"
which were filed in the office of said
Arizona Corporation Commission on
the 24th day of January. A. D. 1917, at
10:00 o'clock a. m., as provided by
law. IX TESTIMOXY WHEREOF. The
Arizona Corporation Commis
sion, by its Chairman, has
hereunto set its hand and af
(Seal) fixed its Official SeaL Done
at the City of rhoenix, the
Capitol, this 24th day of Jan
uary. A. D. 1917
Arizona Corporation Commission
V. A. JONES,
Chairman.
Attest:
W. X. SAXGSTER,
Secretary.
ARTICLES OP IXCORPORATIOX
UXITED WARREX COPPER MIX
ING COMPAXY
KXOW ALL MEX .BY THESE
PRESEXTS:
That we, the undersigned, have vol
untarily associated ourselves together
for the purpose of forming a corpora
tion under the laws of the State of
Arizona:
AXD WE HEREBY CERTIFY AS
FOLLOWS:
The name of the corporation shall
be the "UXITED WARREX COPPER
MIXING COMPANY," and its princi
nal place of business shall be at Bis
bee, Cochise County, Arizona.
Article 1 The names, residences
and post office addresses of the in
corporators are as follows: Paul P.
Ixrenzen. whose residence is Bisbee,
Cochise County, Arizona; Charles II.
McKeen. whose address is Bisbee, Co
chise County, Arizona; W. Grover
Johnson, whose address is Bisbee, Co
chise County, Arizona.
Article 2 The general nature of
the business to be transacted by this
corporation is as follows: (1) To
own, operate, acquire, buy, selL lo
cate, denounce, patent, bond, lease,
mortgage, dispose of and control
mines, mining interests and proper
ties, and all rights, interests, ease
ments, privileges and franchises
thereunto in anyway appertaining.
(2) To "acquire, buy. Bell, Conduct,
carry on. manage, control, rent and
lease mercantile establishments,
stores, depots and warehouses. (3)
To own, construct, build, buy. sell.
rent and lease all structures, build
ings and erections necessary or prop
er for the business of the corporation.
(4) To acquire by purchase or other
wise, own. conduct, lease, rent, ex
change, sell, mortgage, dispose of and
deal in smelters. . mills, reduction
works, shaft and warehouses, store
houses and rooms, magazines, out
buildings, structures and erections of
every sort and character whatsoever,
necessary and proper in carrying on
the business of the corporation. (5)
To purchase, rent. own. buy, sell and
manufacture implements, tools, ma
chinery', supplies, tools and equip
ment, of every sort and character
whatsoever, for the working, develop
ment, exploration and maintenance of
mines, prospects and mining proper
ties, and the carrying on of the busi
ness of the corporation. (6) To ac
quire, hold, buy, sell, rent, lease,
mortgage, control and deal In real
property. (7) To buy, sell, raise, mar
ket, own. butcher and deal in cattle
and live stock and to manufacture and
deal in the products thereof. (8) To
construct, own, operate, and manage
railroads, tramways, turnpikes and
canals, leading from its principal
works and places of business to some
navigable stream, or to some existing
railroad, turnpike or public highway;
to own, acquire, construct, operate
and control irrigation ditches, dams,
flumes, drains and gateways. (9) To
buy, sell, rent, lease, mortgage, ex
change, till, cultivate and manage
farms and farm lands as the same
may become incident and proper to
the business of the corporation.
(10) To construct, own, operate, con
trol and dispose of every character
of power plant, whether operated by
steam, electric, water or other power.
(11) To acquire, bold, own, pledge
and sell stock or shares of other cor
porations. (121 To issue, acquire, take
hold, pledge, sell and deal in promls
ory notes, drafts, bills of exchange
and obligations of every sort and
character, provided that no obliga
tions of any character shall be issued
by this corporation in excess of the
liability of the Company as herein
set foith and as provided by law.
(13) To enter into contracts of all
sorts, to lend or borrow money and
take or give security for the pay
ment thereof. (14) To do any and all
things which a natural person might
and could do in the matter of the
transacting of the business of the cor
poration and in the promotion and
management of its interests.
Article 3 The amount of the capi
tal stock of this corporation shall be
ONE MILLION ($1,000,000.00) DOL
LARS, which shall be divided into
One Million (1.000.000) Shares of the
par value of One Dollar ($1.00) per
share: which shares shall te and
must be fully paid up at the date of
the issuing thereif and shallj be for
ever non-assessable; but such stock
may be paid for In mone, services,
property, rights, easements, priviliges
or anything of value, and the judge
ment of the board of directors shall
be forever conclusive, both as to the
actual value of the said stock, and the
consideration paid therefore, in the
absence of fraud or any collusive,
agreement.
Article 4 The time of the com
mencement of this corporation shall
be when these articles of incorpora
tion shall be file dfor record in the
office of the corporation commission
of the State of Arizona, at Phoenix,
Arizona, a certified copy thereof re
corded in the office of the County Re
corder, of Cochise County, Arizona, at
Tombstone, Arizona, In which County
the principal place of business of the
corporation is to be and a certificate
of incorporation delivered to the cor
poration by the Corporation Commis
sion, of the State of Arizona.
The corporation shall terminate
twenty-five years from the said date,
but it may be renewed from time to
Ime, for periods not exceeding twen-
ty-five years, when the taking of the
steps prescribed by law for such re
newal or renewals.
Article 5 The affairs of this cor
poration shall be conducted by a
board of three directors, but the num
ber constituting the board of directors
may be increased or diminished by
the vote of the stockholders at any
annual meeting or at any special meet
ing called for that purpose,
The board of directors shall be
elected at tho first annual meeting of
the stockholders of the corporation,
vrhich shall be beld at the principal
place of business of the corporation.
Pt Bisbee. Cochise County. Arizona.
January First. 1918. and the members
of such board of directors shall be
elected annually thereafter nt such
annual meetings, to be held January
1 of each year.
The officers of the corporation
shall be a President. Vlce-nresideht.
Secretary and Treasurer, and the lat
ter two offices may be held by the
sa"e person. ;
All vacancies in office mav be filled
bv the board of directors, and those
elected there'o shall hold office tinM'
the next annual meeting.
Those who shall serve as the board
of directors until the first annual
meeting shall be Paul P. Lorenzen.
Charles H. McKeon and W. Grover
Johnson: and the officers to hold and
serve until that time shall be Paul P.
lorenzen. President: Charles II. Mc
Keon. Vice-president: W. Grover
I Johnson
Secretary-Treasurer.
TnP hienPat anlount of indebted
ness or liability, direct or contingent
to which this corporation shall at any
time subject itself, shall, in no case
be more than SIX HUXDRED SIXTY
SIX THOUSAND. SIX HUNDRED
SIXTY-SIX and 66-100 Dollars (1666.
666 66).
Article 7 The private property of
the stockholders of this corporation
is hereby expressly made and declar
ed exempt from all liability for cor
porate debts.
IX WITNESS WHEREOF we have
hereunto set our hands this the 22nd
day of January. 1917 A. D.
PAUL P. LOREXZEN.
President.
CHAS. II. McKEOX.
Vice-rresident.
W. GROVER JOHXSOX.
Secretary-Treasurer.
State of Arizona)
) ss.
County of Cochise)
Before me, Dan B. Seed, a notary
public, in and for Cochise County,
State of Arizona, on this day person
ally appeared Paul P. I-orenzen. Chas.
H. MtKeon and W. Grover Johnson
personally known to me to be the per
sons whose names are subscribed to
the foregoing instrument and ac
knowledged to me that they executed
the same for the purpose aud consid
eration therein expressed.
Given under my hand and seal of
office, this 23rd day of January. 1917.
(Notary Seal) DAN B. SEED.
Notary Fublic.
My commission expires March 20.
1920.
Filed In the office of the Arizona
Corporation Commission this 24th day !
of Jan. A. D. 1917. at 10:00 a. m. at ,
request of W. GROVER JOHXSOX. '
whose postoffice address is Bisbee,
Arizona.
ARIZONA CORPORATION COM
MISSION. By F. A. JONES.
Chairman.
FOR
CARPENTER
CALL TEL. 506.
STATE OF MAINE
Certificate of Organization of a Cor
poration under the General Law.
The undersigned, officers of a cor
poration organized at Portland, Maine,
at a meeting of the signers of the
arti-les of agreement therefore, duly
called and held at Xo. 95 Exchange
Street. In the City tf Portland. State
of Maine, on Tuesday, the twentieth
day of February. 1912. hereby certify
as follows:
The name of said corporation is
UXITED STATES SMELTING. RE
FINING AND MINING EXPLORA
TION COMPAXY.
The purposes of said corporation
are: To examine, rep'jrt upon, nego
tiate for, obtain options on and ac
quire, by purchase, grant, concession,
location, lease or otherwise, in the
United States or in any other country
or nation in any part of the world. !
any mines, quarries, mining rights, I
lands and privileges, including cftal.
oil and gas lands, and any interest I
therein, and to prospect, develop,
operate and turn to account all such
re " -
properties, lands, rights or privileges;:
... r,
quarrying smelting, refining, dress.ng ;
amalgamating, preparing for market
and manufacturing into merchantable
Tn un no rrA tr Yia KiiLin JQ nf mitlinw
forms, materials, articles and things'
copper, gold, silver, lead, zinc, iron,
and ores, metals, mineral substances
aud products i all sorts, and to deal
in, and turn to account, such ores,
metals, mineral substances and pro
ducts; To examine, report upon, nego
tiate for, obtain on and acquire, by
purchase or otherwise, and to build,
own. control and operate, mills and
wjrks for the crushing, sampling and i
treating of mineral substances and
mineral bearing ores, and for the
smelting, reduction, extraction and re
lining of all kinds of minerals and
mineral bearing ores, and to buy, sell,
assay, smelt and treat such ores and
mineral substances, their products
and by-products, on its own account.
.. v. ..i.
compensation, or on
otherwise; and to engage in and carry
on a general smelling aim rviiuui
business, and a general metals buying jE p T;lompn Winchester. Mass. One
and selling business in the various John Laur, R M OM
parts and markets of the world; to ex.jH p Sweetseri i.ortland. Maine. One
plore acquire own and dispose M. ,n the tre unsub.
develop, operate and urn to account. I crJbM g93 gnare9
ioresi ana timDer tanas, iarming,
agricultural, grazing or plantation
lands, or properties; to treat and
manufacture the products of said lands
into merchantable forms, articles and
things, and to buy, sell, and otherwise
deal in. the products and by-products
or an such business; io engage in
una carry oil a. general siuies aim
mercantile auu suinnj uusun-.-., '"'iian, Maiue
dealing in provisions, materials, sup-, T,j; undprsisned Jonn ,urie
plies and equipment of all sorts; To pre,i)jent; ,he im(,ersijjned H p
lay out, develop aud turn to account. , Svrept,er treasurer and the un,,er
any lands that the company may own. j s;enp(, K p Tnompson, P. K (-ov,
for building or other purposes, and toIJo,m anJ n p s.,eetw.r are
erect, construct, own. operate and a niajority of tue direclors of Mia
manage, lease and dispose of dwel-, corporatioll
iius-nouses. ooaruum nouses, biures.
offices, ware-nouses, terminal facili
ties and similar property; To ex
amine, report upon, negotiate Tor and (
acquire, by purchase, lease, conces-
sion, grant or otherwise, and hold,
manage, control, develop, operate, sell
and dispose of. water rights, water
power, privileges and appropriations
for mining, milling, smelting and re
fining purposes, and ftr irrigation,
agricultural, manufacturing and other
uses and purposes: and to construct,
acquire, own and operate, and dis
pose of. plants for utilizing and turn
ing to account said water rights and
water power, and for producing.
erating and distributing, electrical
and other power, and steam, electri
city and gas. for heating, lighting and
"jther purposes; and to construct.
manage, operate and control, and to
aid in the construction or, roads, ways.
railroads, railways or tramways,
steamship or water transportation
lines, bridges, reservoirs, water
courses, aqueducts, wharves, piers and
jetties, and similar works necessary
for, or incidental ro, any of the com
pany's purposes, and to contribute to,
subsidize, or otherwise uid or take
part in, any such works or opera
tions; and to construct, aid in the
construction of. and Operate, telegraph
and telephone lines; PROVIDED that
this company shall not engage in the
construction and operation of rail-
roads or railways, or aid in the
struction thereof, or carry ton the busi
ness of a telegraph or telephone com
pany, or a gas or electric company,
within the state of Maine, but said
business of the construction and oper
ation of railroads, tor aiding in the con
struction thereof, and said telegraph
and telephone, gas and electrical busi
ness, shall be carried on in states and
jurisdictions other than the state of
Maine, but only in states and Jurisdic-1
tions when and where permissible un- j
der the laws thereof. To purchase,
acquire by subscription or otherwise,
and to h'old for investment or other
wise, use. sell, assign, transfer, mort
gage, pledge or otherwise dispose of.
any shares of stock, bonds, securities
or other obligation of any other cor
poration tor association of this or any
other state, territory of country, or
ganized for purposes similar to. or in
any way auxiliary to the purposes, or
any of them, herein contained: to aid
in any manner any such corporation
or association whose shares of stock.
bonds or other obligations are held by
this company, and to do any other i
art or thing permitted by law for the
preservatftin, protection, improvement)
lor enhancement of the 'value of such
'shorts of stock, bonds, securities cr
(Other obligations, and 10 do any acts
,or things permitted bv law designed
I for such purposes; and while the
. owner of such shares of sij k. bonds.
i securities or other obligation.), to ex
ercise al! the rights, power and
privileges of ownership, including the
right lo vote thereon; To acquire,
own and dispose of. ni'ortgae and
convey, any and all property, within
or without the state of Maine, real
or personal, necessary for, or inci
dental to, tne purposes of this com
pany, or any of them, including pat
ents, patent rights, trade marks, copy
rights, trade names, and rights and pro
perty of a similar nature, and to use,
exercise, develop, grant licenses in re
spect of. or otherwise turn t'o account,
any such trade marks, copyrights, pat
ents, patent rights, and rights and pro
perty of a similar nature; To issue from
time to time, when and as mey be con
venient for the accomplishment of the
purtfoses of this company, or aay of
thein, bonds and other securities or
obligations of the corporation, and If
deemed advisable, to secure the sari-
by mortgage or deed of trust of any
or all the property of the corporation,
or otherwise: To acquire ami under
take the whole or any part of ths
business, property, assets and liabili
. . '. ' ,
i tion, or association, carrying on any
business similar to any business whicn
"
this corloration ls authorizell t0 car.
on; To or
)thI or th pr,cIp,u.
ta
. . '
to do any and all things necessary for.
or incidental to, the prosecution of
the purposes herein contained, or any
of them, and not inconsistent with
the laws of the State of Maine.
The amount of the capital stock is
fifty Thousand Dollars ($"0.000 ).
The amount of common stock is
Fifty Thousand Dollars ($GO,000.).
The amount of capital stock already
paid in is Three Hundred Fifty Dol
lars ($2;0).
The par value of the shares is Fifty
Dollars ($S0.) each.
The names and residences of the
owners of said shares are as follows:
No of
Names. Residences. Shares
e. l. carpenter. Erookline. Mass, One
F. W. Batchelder. Weston. Mass.. One
Jj,' A 'msjlt
Rrookline, Mass., One
T F I'nvla T'l-nHinn Mia Cna
Said corporation ls located at Port
land, in the County of Cumberland.
The number of directors is seven
and their rames are E. L. Carpenter.
F. W. Batchelder. C. A. Hight, P. E.
Cbyle, E. P. Thompson, John Laurie
anj n p' Sweets(.r
r.
the clerk is II. P.
i T0 naTne of
sw(,etsert an(j
his residence is Port-
witness our hands
this twentieth
day of February, A. D. 1912.
John Laurie. President.
H. P. Sweetscr. Treasurer.
JOHX LAURIE )
P. E. COYLE )
E. P. THOMPSON' ) Directors
II. P. SWEETSER )
State of Maine, )
) ss.
Cumberland. )
Portland. February 20. 1912.
Then personally appeared P. E.
COYLE. E. P. THOMPSON'. JOHX
LAURIE and H. P. SWEETSER. and
severally made oath to the foregoing
Jten-jcortiicate tut thf game Js true
Before nie,
GEORGE E. FOGG.
Justice of the Teace.
State of Maine
Attorney General's Office.
February 21. 1912.
I hereby certify that I have ex
amined the foregoing certiticate, and
tue same is properly drawn and signed
and is conformable to the constitution
and laws of the State.
W. R. PATTAXGALL.
Attorney General.
State of Maine
Office of Secretary of State.
I hereby certify that the foregoing
is a true copy from the records of this
office.
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF. I have
con-'caused the seal of the State to be
hereunto affixed.
(Seal)
Given under my hand at Augusta, this
nineteenth day of January in the
year of our Lord one thousand nine
hundred and seventeen and in the
ine hundred and forty first year of
the Independence of the United
States of America.
FRANK W. BALL.
Secretary of State.
Endorsed :
UNITED STATES SMELTING. RE
FINING AND MINING EXPLORA
TION COMPANY.
Cutube-land. ss.. Registry of Deeds.
Received February 23. 1912 at 9 h.
30m. A. M.
Recorded in Vol. 46, Tage 67.
Attest:
FRANK L. CLARK.
Register.
State of Maine
Office of Secretary of State
Augusta. Feb. 24. 1912.
Received and tiled this day.
Attest:
J. E. ALEXANDER,
Deputy Secretary of State.
Recorded in VoL 79, Fage 637. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 14, 1917.
SEVEN
i
I
t
i
I
I
i
I :
II
Review. Want Ads
Advertisements under tbU iead at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
ue with a minimum charg of 25 cents. AdTertise-tents must reach Tb
.. . nfrtc not uter than 6 p. m. for Insertion in the nett morninz pap-
Wanted
WANTED Rooms or unfurnished
house. H. H. R., Review. 518
WANTED An able bodied live black
smith. Apply O. E. Franklin. Bak
erville. 563
WANTED Capable, companionable
woman for housework in Don Luis,
small family.
Bisbee.
Inquire Y. W. C. A.
336
WANTED Gentleman desires room
and board with refined private fam
ily in Warren. Address P. O. Box
1952 Bisbee stating terms. 562
WANTED To rent furnished, nice
three to five room house Tombstone
Canyon or that vicinity. Will pay
liberal rent. Address M. C, Re
view or call Room 4. Maze Bids.
557
WANTED BOARDERS Mrs. C. A.
Miller has taken over the Cottage
Boarding house and will run it as
a first-class eating place. Board
11.00 per day. Single meals, 35c.
402
Positions Wanted
WANTED Position by experienced
rancher, first class milker. Phone
50. Bert Knott. 554
Woman would like work in boarding
house. Can do anything. Box 71.
City. 522
Competent stenographer with excel
lent experience would like employ
ment. References furnished. Please
apply P. O. Box 454 Bisbee. 517
WANTED Chauffeur wants to drive
private car. Can give best of ref
erences. M. A. W., Review office.
390
-
WANTED Work, can do anything, i
understand team, car driving, but j
will do any kind of work. Address j
Work, care of Review. 389 j
j
WANTED Position by Spanish girl. J
new arrival here, in private family !
or rooming house. Address Tony '
Blanco, Box 2236, Bisbee. 561 j
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT 1 housekeeping room 85
Main. 302
FOR RENT Room, No. 76 Tomb
stone Canyon, Brophy car stop. 511
FOR RENT One man cabin, 176
Naco road. Holbrook stop. 355
FOR RENT Room,
or two gentlemen.
Naco road.
suitable for one
Holbrook house
398
FOR RENT Furnished rooms for
liplit housekeeping. Terrace Room
ing house. 405
Three room house large pantry, nice
ly furnished, all to itself, no one to
bother. Miller Hill, by big water
tank. 515
FOR RENT Front room private
home, Yidana House, Chihuahua
Hill. 524
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
L. B. WHITNEY, Lawyer, Rooms E-8
Allen Block. Open evenings. Phone
547. (109) !
i
Contractor and builder. W. F. White, j
Phone Green 468.
i t O ft 1 J-V " c
21 O. K. Street, j
27
THE MOOSE HOTEL tOld Kinney
House) Furnished rooms $2 per
week and up, with gas; also light
housekeeping rooms.
178
FIRST-CLASS painting or paper hang
ing by day work or contract. II.
Johnson &. Co.., phone Blue 764.
Postoffice box 1715. 107
P. J. McCulIough, contractor. Phone
20. Box 934. Excavating, retain
ing walls, concrete houses, wells
and mining work is my specialty.
221
Toothache tan be prevented by fol
lowing simple instructions. Call at
my office for free hooklet. J. F.
Teufert. I. D. S., Maze Building,
t'i7, ' 'K "now
FETEY DINK Aren't Women Irritating?
- - n.sO-.--
tT
I t
.
iC
mm
LOST
LOST Gold Croslld Hammers
Reward return to Review.
pin.
555
I
For Sale.
FOR SALE Furniture, Mrs. Williams
Clawson Ave.
278
, FOR SALE Canary birds, Hoi brook
house, Naco road.
397
FOR SALE 4 room modern house in
good condition, bargain. See M,
C. High. 331
FOR SALE Electric Vibrator, almost
new, $10. Mrs. Stidger. Phone 197.
552
FOR SALE Dining room and kitchen
good location, price reasonable. M.
M. R., Review office. 553
FOR SALE One Ford touring car
$200. cash only. Apply at old Mas
on blacksmith shop, Lowell. 516
FOR SAL One used piano, $145.
$10 cash, $6 per month. No inter
est. W. Muir, next Wells Fargo.
360
FOR SALE 320 acres in Sulphur
Springs at $5.50 per acre. House
barn, well, etc. "Mrs. A. Kinsella.
Gen'l Delivery. . 525
FOR SALE New Washburn piano,
bench and scarf. $250; $10 rash, $6
per month. No interest. W. Mulr.
Next Wells Fargo. 358
FOR SALE $650 Player piano. Near
ly new, $450. $25 cash, $10 per
month. No interest. W. Muir, Next
Wells Fargo. 359
FOR SALE 4 room house, sleeping
porch, big yard on the level, for
$800. Box 848 Bisbee. Phone 554
619
FOR SALE House and two lots,
bouse In good condition, price rea
sonable. For particulars inquire at
Geo. MaUell, No. 49 J. E. T. Ave..
Johnson Addition. 242
FOR SALE Lots on Winwood Add.
An ideal location for families
Terms $10.00 down and S10.00 a
month. Mrs.- Winwood, Winwood
Add. 184
FOR SALE 2 lots in Salt Lake City.
Utah, good location close in, will
accept Ford auto as part payment,
balance monthly payments. For
particulars inquire F.'J. Keogh, old
. Mason shop, Lowell. 377
FOR SALE Cheap for cash only,
1915 Stearns Knight five passenger
touring car in first class condition,
fully equipped two extra tires and
rims, four tires practically new.
Inquire R. S. Kelly, Brophy Garage
Supply Co.. Lowell. 277
Miscellaneous
Learn actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A, Los Angeles. Cat
alogs free. 955
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for all
kinds of work in our line. Pat Clea
ry, manager Box 1495. Phone 720.
High grade portraits, up to date
frames. E. Bushong, Bailey Hotel,
Box 2149.
281
! CATTLE AND SHEEP MEN. ATTEN
TION! Cottonseed meal and cake
for sale in any quantity. For fur
ther information write or wire
First National Bank of Yuma, Ariz.
270
FURNITURE FOR SALE The John
son Addition Furniture Co. wants
to pay you the highest cash prices
for your second hand furniture. Al
so wants to trade or exchange you
new furniture for your old. We will
sell you furniture cheaper than
anybody on easy payments. Call
In at the big brick building at the
Johnson Addition and let us show
you our large and selected stock of
house furnlsnings. or phone us at
our store. Phone 385. Johnson Ad-
Htlon
t - bci - t
I it mAm
x zyt
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK. Feb. 13. The con
structive character of much of the
news over the holiday probably ac
counted for the general strength of
today's market. Dealings were broad
but insignificant as to volume, barely
amounting to 415,000 shares. There
were few exceptions to the general
trend, notably in the case of New Ha
ven, which duplicated its recent mini
mum quotation of 38V4 before recov
ering. In general rails were suDsian-
tially better. Union Pacific making a
gross gain of Zls points with 1 to 3
for St. Paul, Atchison, New York Cen
tral, Reading. Lehigh Valley and Rock
Island, Canadian Pacific regained 3
points and Southern and Soutnwest
ern issues were higher on light offer
ings. Shippings were consistently strong.
Coppers and motors kept irregular
pace with other speculative favorites.
The war and semi-war groups were
1 to 2 points better with 3V4 for Indus
trial Alcohol and 4 for Texas Com-
pany.
At no time was the trading, except
in steel and standard rails, more than
tentative, the absence of outside par
ticipation being again a noteworthy
incident.
Assumption of the goid inflow from
London via Canada did not prevent
a temporary shading of sterling ex -
change, with a sharp reaction in lires
ind recurrent heaviness in remittanc
es to Berlin and Vienna.
Total sales, par value, $3,660,000.
V. S. coupon 3's rose percent and
registered 4's declined one percent on
nil. " !
- CHICAGO GRAINS
CHICAGO, Feb. 13. Bearish senti
ment regarding wheat received Im
petus today from Washington reports
'at were taken to indicate a grow
'ag likelihood of extensive forcible
measures to protect American inter
ests on the high seas. Largely in
"onsequence early advances in prices
ere more than offset, and the market
-'osed ?i to 1 net lower, with May
Ht.1.73 to 1.74 and July at 1.4SV4 to
48.. Corn lost to lc. oats to
V and provisions 12 ',4 to 25.
Reports of the departure of nearly
two score merchant ships from the
Virginia Capes bound for Europe and
convoyed by British cruisers did
much' to encourage the bulls.
Downward swings In wheat prices
reached a maximum during the last
half of the session when reports from
Washington were current which
seemed to point to arming cf all mer
chantmen and the mobilization of hun
dreds of submarine chasers. Weak
ness of values especially in the final
hour was also due in part to the ab
sence of any new export buying either
for neutrals or the entente allies.
Corn gave way with wheat and as
a result of mild weather that would
naturally lessen demand for feed.
Oats sagged, owing chiefly to the
heaviness of other grain. There was
some unloading too by holders who
were unable to obtain car for ship
ments from hen
Latest quotations c;i hogs pulled
dowi provisions. The lessening of
exports acted also as a weight on the
market.
METALS MARKET
NEW YORK. Feb. 13. Copper, elec
trolytic. spot and nearby nominal:
second and third quarters 31 'j at 32.
Lead 9 at 9. Spelter quiet spot
East St. Louis delivery 10.
FOR SALE Highest cash prices paid
for second hand furniture, stoves
clothing and tools. Uncle Jim's
Brewery Culch. 21
OFFICES:
Bisbee
Douglas
Glob
Jerome
Prescott
Phoenix
P. O. BOX 279
' i'.' i'PeMS'' - V
YSZ: ( THEN VMVJTED-ro )
I U I "Bet TheVke xoBbv,
LEASED WIKE
(By L. J. Overlockl
BOSTON. Feb. 13. The volume of
trading in the copper shares oontin-
ues small but the tone is improved re-1
fleeting further advance in the price
of metal. Demand for the metal is in
creasing with spot 35 cents and de
liveries June commanding 33 to 34
cents a pound.
Copper Range is steadily adding to
Its already large surplus from sales
i now oeing made at tne present ntgn
i price for the metal. Directors will
meet shortly for quarterly dividend
PAINE. WEBBER & CO.
NEW YORK
Anaconda
American Car
American Locomotive ....
American Smelter
American Sugar
73 i
63
71
97;
H.6
Atchison . 102',
Baltimore & Ohio 76,,i
Baldwin 34
Bethlehem Steel 391
( Chesapeake & Ohio
59 U
Colorado Fuel & Iron 431,2
Canadian Pacific 154
Crucible 6314
Erie 26'i
Goodrich 53
i General Motors
105
, industrial Alcohol 125
. Marine 23
; Marine Pfd
69
Maxwell 53
Mexican Petroleum 89
New York Central 95 V,
Northern Pacific 104
. Pennsylvania 54
Reading 92
Republic Steel
Rubber
"tudebaker
Steel
76
32
i03i
106
Steel Pfd 117's
St. Paul : 82
Southern Pacific 33V
Union Pacific 13S?
United Fruit 13S
Westinghouse 51 U
BOSTON
Adventure 3
Allouez. 61', z
Alnska 7"
Arizona Commercial 12
American zinc 35
Butte Superior , 45
Calumet & Arizona 7SVi
Calumet & Hecla 543
Copper Range
Chino
62
54
East Butte 13
Granty
Green Cananea
80
40
C.oldfield 65
Hancock 13',2
Indiana 1
Inspiration SS1
Kennecott 438
Keweenaw . 3V
Lake 13'i
La Salle 3
Miami .. 37 '4
Mohawk SO
Mayflower 2Vi
Nipissing 7Ts
Old Dominion . 60
Osceola Soi.j
Pond Creek 19'',
Quint-)
Ray Consolidated
Shannon
Shattutk
Superior Boston
Tamarack . :
Utah Copper
Utah Consolidated
Winona
CURBS
Arkansas & Arizona
Big Ledge
Big Jim
Butte Ixjndon
Calumet & Jerome
ss
25
SU
26
6'
56
107
19
4
30
4
H4
19
Direct Wire Connection with
Jerome and All Our Offices.
R. ALLYN LEWIS
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL, BISBEE.
JOHN A. CAMPBELL. Manager.
BONDS, STOCKS, INVESTMENTS
Orders Executed for Cash or on Proper Margin
E. F. button & Co. "a Private
Leased WKe to All Exchanges
Cornelia 17
Uenn 17
Dundee
1". in tiki
1
1
10
2Vi
60
05
l'-j
7
7!i
40
'
12
V.'s
50
'4
27
5-16
islFortuna
! Grand Island
K!o'd Reed
Green Monster
! it i
Hecla
Hull Copper
Inspiration Needles
Jerome Verde
leron.e Victor
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Mki mi Consolidated
Monster Chief
Pittsburg Jerome ..
Ray Hercules
Santa Rita
Tom Reed
United Eastern
United Western
Verde Extension . . .
Verde Combination
Warren
Wolverine Arizona .
,2
1.S5
4
03
9
1
Oatman
(By Collins & Bretherton)
Bid Ask.
.OS
.20 .22
.25
.03
1 24
.19 .25
.05
.11 .14
.10
.15
.04
.10
.10
.IS
.20
1.S9 ;
4.12 4.30 I
.06 .011 j
.03 .05 j
i
2 62 ;
1.50 1.56 j
.20 i
1.62 1.73
.17
.50 1.00
1.50 1.56 !
.30 .::5 ,
.50
.37 ..'0 '
.10 .43 j
.37 .62 ,
1.55 j
Argr
Adams
Arizona Rex
Arizona Tom R
Big Jim
Boundary Cone
Carter Gold
Fessenden . v
Gold Reed ..
Gold Cliff
Ivanhoe
Lucky Boy
Merry Widow
Sunnyside
Telluride
Tom Reed
United Eastern
United Northern s
United Western
Other Curbs
Gadsden . .
Green Monster
Butte London
Dundee
Venture Hill
Pittsburg Jerome
Jero!ie Verde
Arkansas Arizona
Jerome Portland
Inspiration Needles
Hill! Copper
Magma Chief .
Wolverton Arizona
Miami Mother Lode ....
Verde Combination
Miami Consolidated
Bisbee Copper
Butte Arizona
Louisiana Arizona
Santa Cruz Bisbee
Jerome Daisy . . .'
V.'arron
Nacozari Consolidated ..
.o0
1.00
.32
1.00
.10
.27
.75
.42
9.00
BENNY CHAVEZ LOSES IN DENVER
DENVER, Feb. I"- Jack Britton, or
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix.
Arizona, Feb. 10, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Roy
Bye,' of Hereford, Arizona, who, on
April 30, 1912, made Homestead En
try. No. 0173S4, for NIC4, Section 12.
Township 2:JS., Range 21 E., G. & S.
It. Meridian l:as filed notice of inten
tion to make Three Year Final Proof,
to establish claim t the land above I
described, before Jared D. Taylor, U. j
S. Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, j
on the 2t9h day of March, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses: j
Floy Sperow, Sherman J. Beals, John
Findlay, and George W. Longley, all
of Hertford, Arizoua.
J. L. 1UVIN. Register.
First Publication Feb. 13, 1917.
Last Publication March 29, 1917.
CORRESPONDENT
E. F. Hutton & Co.
Members New York
Stock Exchange
TELEPHONE
135
, i.L go 3Xmj- ffJt f Lovev-v Trip xSSftHi v'?.
oTAIUS 4VJD LOOK. jj ( T NASV.' " A lAV'rul N'1 ' :''
UmTHa-ha-VJ l Ci-Z VJiS.'jT-i
vy Of. wt) i
..Lodge
WEEK ENDING FTBRUARY 17.
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Com. Regular.
N. C. BLEDSOE. W. M.
B. T. WATKINS, Secy. F. & A. M.
A. M. COLWELL, E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBKOOK, T. I. M.
J. E. FRY, E. C.
F S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chapter
and t'ommandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of eatii month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
CHARLES S. BEAR, Exalted Ruler.
R. B. COOVER, Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE, No. 10, I. O. O. F.
Meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows Hall,
Main street at 7:00 p. m. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119. '
CARL V. NELSON, N. G.
- "-"
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 210.
Meets in I. O.
O. F. Hall sec
ond and fourth
SATURDAY
0 p. m.
isiting broth-
cordially
ited to at
tend.
GEO. SLEEM N, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary.
I. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets in Mcdigovich Hall 2nd and
4th Fridays of each month.
HATTIE A. LUKE. Guardian.
TAULINE K
Mt?nvv n..rt
P. O. Box 621.
1 Denver, tonight knocked out Benny
' Chavez of Trinidad. Colo., in the first ,
i 45 seconds fighting in a scheduled 15 j
I round bout here. The men are feather I
weights.
A Hint to the Aged. I
If people past sixty years of age I
could be persuaded to go to bed as '
soon as they take cold and remain in j
bed for one or two days, they w'juld i
f rferivpr mnrh mnrp nliioklv. psneriallv !
. . -- ...... - - . i
if they take Chamberlain's
Remedy. There would also be
danger of the cold being followed by j
any of the more serious diseases.
(Advertisement)
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
AND
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
-vfra at ;
A ers
NsVCT " inv
Oatman
Stocks
- l - -V f,f ..- -
Notices...
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
bee Lodge No.
meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
each month at
30 at Odd Fel
lows' Hall. Viii-
ing members cordially invited.
PHIL. DAVIS, President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722, Tel. 236. Red.
KATHERINE SALHOLM, Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 713.
Meets every Friday night. Moose HalL
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
J. V. PETTEY, Dictator.
KAY ROSS. Secretary.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie. No. 175. F. O. E., meets
first and third MONDAYS. 8. p. m..
Eagles Hall. Visitors cordially wel
come. RICHARD DAVIS. President.
M. D. COHEN, Aerie Physician.
JUNIOR ORDER
UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medigovich
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month.
Visiting brothers wel
come. HOMER C. TREES. Councillor.
W. A. CUNNINGHAM, Recording Sec
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows Hall.
R. L. MOTZ. Consul.
H. F. MATHEV. SON.
Clerk.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple, No. S.meets every 2nd
1 . . 1 vwtt 1 . .
" '" niuraiay evening oi eacn
iiiiuiii.ii civ vuu r riiu.o nail. Vlalllii
sisters are cordially invited.
I ANNA HART. M. E. C.
I JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. C.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 4 will
meet lt and 3rd W1-
i nes.iay ar i uodct
Ho. Hall.
X...'-C- J. L. WINTERS. C. C.
' ' O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first and tMrd
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
in Medigovich Hall. All
visiting Red Men invitt d
to attend.
JOHN KELLY. Sachem.
W. I). COHEN. Medicine Man.
F. C. FENDERSON. C. of R.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS. W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box 841. Bisbee.
MRS JESSE BE VAN. Sec'y. P. O. Box
2299, Chairman Relief Com. Phone 647
meets in Masonic Hall
Pearl Chapter, Xo. 6. meets
in T a itnn r IT-i 11 cAs--tn rl ani
month at 7:30 p. m.
KNIGHTS & LADIES OF SECURITY.
BISBEE COUNCIL. NO. 2115.
Tieets every Thursday at Union
Hall. 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited.
Frederick J. Attaway. president;
E. Linguist, financier, box 3:'246. Ixw
cll; Inez McKlnncy, secretary, Low
ell. Advertisement.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathhone Iodge No. l.
Knights of Pvtliiai
meets each Thur.-day
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:::0
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
ARL SOBELEY. C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM,
K. of R. S.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
3Iy C A. VOIGHT
jyr 452
of
.b-' 7:
cough v EiGirr
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY .MORNING, FEBRUARY 14, 1917.
Orpheu
m Iheatre
t4 jA .1
QUALITY FIRST
3
TONIGHT ONLY
TONIGHT ONLY
METRO FICTURES PRESENTS
FRANCIS X. BUSHMAN and BEVERLY BAYNE
In the Five Act Metro Wonderplay
n the Diplomatic Service"
A COLORFUL ROMANCE LAID IN DIPLOMATIC CIRCLES, TEEMING WITH
BIG DRAMATIC MOMENTS.
HEARST-PATHE NEWSNo. 7...
SHOWING THE WORLD'S EVENTS BEFORE YOUR EYES.
ADMISSION '"- 10 AND 15 CENTS.
'CASSIDY ON VACATION.
M. H. Cnssidy, of I'.isl.ee. left 1 1 1
-it yi 'MiTiliix' iniii iuii Kir l"l Pii'i
where lie will remain several dsiys a.; 1
then leave for New Orleans to lik" in
the Manli tiras Mr. t'assiily cpet;
to return in about three weeks.
Jl.'i.mi tailor made iinealleit for
I suit. ?-0.:,il. Millard A.- Italeinan. Al
len l:ln k. Advertisement.
CANANEA VISITORS.
Anion;; the visilois. yesterday, from
Canunea were It. I.. Hawes ami Mrs.
Hawes. who were accompanied by
Miss Baca, ami Mrs. C. E. Huffman
made the trip in her machine. All re
turned to the big Sonora mining camp
ye.sterilay afternoon.
JUST WRIGHT SHOES
, Complete line of these famous
shoes, just arrived. Millers Shilt K
; Hat. Shop. Adv. "H
QualityinHiotoph-
'
HO a A!
THEATRE
House of Real Reel Features.
Continuous 1 to 10.
Daniel Frohman Presents
PAULINE FREDERICK IN
o Embers
In Which the Star Plays the Dual Role of
Twin Sisters.
ADMISSION
10 and 15 Cts.
fltvBnefl
I GOING THE ROUNDS,
j Jack Shea, veteran travelling man.
j left yesterday for Douglas to look
after his trade in the smelter city.
GOES TO DOUGLAS.
! Harrv Hrives. nrnnrietflr of the Anii-
;eptie Harbor shop, was a business
visitor in Douglas yesterday after
noon. Hayes is contemplating mov
ing to the Smelter town, due to the
fact that he will tfon lose his present
locution in the Hennegar block.
Morrow Chiropodist removes corns,
Vjnions, Ingrowing nails without pain.
Instant relief, office 2 doors from city
park. Brewery Gulch. Adv. 254.
GARBAGE' CAN FIRE.
The fire department was railed out
yesterday to extinguish a blaze in a
garbage can in the rear of the resi
dence of M. J. Rrophy, on Mason Hill.
The fire started when live ashes were
; thrown into the can. There was no
damage.
PROFESSOR JAMES TO
SPEAK AT BUSINESS
MEN'S BIG BANQUET
Famous Lecturer Will Return
to Bisbee in Order to At
tend Affair; Reservations
Are Going Fast.
Prof. George Wharton James will be
the guest of honor at the annual ban
quet .if tlie Warren District Business
Men's Association to be given tomor
row ifiglit in the Copper Queen hotel.
Professor James made many warm
friends when he spoke at the Y. M.
('. A. hi re about a week ao. and the
announcement that he would return
to Ilisbee in order to attend the ban-
liiet was received yesterday with !
light. In fill probability Professor
Jatne.s will be the principal speaker
at the affair, and this should prove a
drawing card, an he is recognized a.
one of the most enjoyable formal and
after-dinner speakers in the country.
Reservations for the banquet are go
ing fast, but there are still a few seats
left. Many other features, in addition
to the presence of Professor James,'
have been arranged and the banquet
is expected to prove oue of the best
get-together meetings ever held in the
Warren district.
ADDRESS WANTED
John M. Modi will please telegraph
j at once present address to A'. Mel.,
j Hamilton, at Sasco, Arizona. ,
Advertisement. . MO
- - - i I
RETURNS FROM COAST.
J. J. Hnrlburt, president of the
Great Ray Copper company, returned
to Bisbee from Los Ai.geles yesterday
afternoon.
English Kitchen open to 1 a. m.
Advertisement. 52.1
GOES TO DOUGLAS..
C A. Overlock, of Douglas, returned
to his home in that city after a visit
of several days with his brother, L.,J.
Overlock, local broker.
Expert repairing on fine watches
'nd jewelry; diamond setting, engrav
ing and general repairing. Mintoa,
,v, postoffiee jeweler, Lowell.
Advertisement. 343
TICKETS FOR Y. M. C. A.
MINSTRELS WILL BE
ON SALE THIS WEEK
GANNON IMPROVING.
Leo Cannon was reported last night
to be improving from an attack of ill
ness believed at first to have been
pneumonia. Gannon is at the home of j
his brother, Red Gannon, in Tomb-1
stone Canyon, but physicians say he
is not suffering from pneumonia and
will probably be able to be out again
in a few days.
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE
Irwin Studio. Main Street. 857
Ad verMenic-t
Csiifrs!
TneD
TONIGHT ONLY. TONIGHT ONLY
Commencing 5:20 P. M.
THE TRIANGLE KAYBEE PRESENTS
WILLIAM S. HART .
The Man of a Thousand Facia! Emotions in
awsi Maker
The Triangle Fine Arts Presents
FAY TINCKER AND ALL-STAR CAST IN
The Calico Vamph-e
A Triangle Komedy in Two Acts.
ADMISSION - - - 10 and 15 Cents.
Tickets Issued on Coupons Accepted for Any
Performance.
.VISITORS FROM COAST.
Mrs. Vernon Charleston, accompan
ied by her son, Vernon, Jr., arrived
I Sunday morning for an extended visit
j with her mother, Mrs. G. B. Jackson.
I
; FOR RENT
j 3 room furnished bungalow in High-
land Park, electric lights and water
I Apply Uncle Jim's Brewery Gulch.
, Garage. Advertisement. r,r,t;
NEO-BEAUTY SHOP
Neo-Plastique Massage, manicuring
a specialty. Your patronage solicit
ed. Ladies and gentlemen. Mrs. El
sie M. Sawyer, Room 16, Johnson Ho
tel. Advertisement. 196
BASKETBALL GAME.
The Cole basketball team will play
the C. & A. tonight at the Y. M. C. A.
gymnasium. Admission will he free.
MEARY HERE A DAY.
Dr. Playfair. Osteopath, 9S Mason 1
Mill, Mason Hill car Btop.
(Advertisement)
AUTO MAN IN.
1 Warren Pilcber, representative of
the MacArthur Brothers company in
i Douglas and well known in the War
' ren District, was a business visitor in
Bisbee yesterday for several hours,
j He returned to his home last evening.
COUNCILMAN ILL.
Dan Walsh, councilman from the
first ward, was taken to the C. & A. I
hospital yesteiday to be operated on. ,
... .
His condition is said to De serious.
A car every hour, Bisbee to Doug
las. Good cars and careful drivers.
merican Stage Line. Phone 366.
Advertisement
Ride m the American Stage Line,
Bisbee to Douglas. Phone 363.
MEXICAN COUPLE WED.
! Philomina Acosta and Juan Mada.
I both residents of Bisbee. were niar
! ried yesterday afternoon in the pres
i ence of a few friends. The ceremony
was read by Judge J. L. Winters, oj
Lowell.
;P. O. HOURS TODAY.
j General delivery windows will be
I open at the post office between 9 and
10 only, this morning, according to
f'os master Bailey, as today is Admis
sion Day in Arizona.
Many Musical and Comedy
Features, in Addition to
Minstrel Part, Will Be Pre
sented at Big Jubilee.
Tickets for the Y. M. C. A. minstrel
jubilee, which will be presented on
the evenings of Keliruary 2.1 and 2C.
will be placed on sale this week. Prac
tically every number on both the olio
and winstrel part programs was re
hearsed last night with fine results.
Although the minstrel show is expect
ed to prove the feature of the enter
tainment, there are many first-class
specialties that will undoubtedly
prove most enjoyable. The Ukelele
Club will present an act entitled "Fif
teen Minutes in Honolulu," and every
minute of this will be filled with liv
tiest and most tuneful Hawaiian mus
ic, both instrumental and vocal.
"Lew Dockstader" Kellogg will ap
pear in a monologue that Is a scream
lrorj start to finish. Kellogg, al
though now a resident of this city,
was for many years on the stage and
his act is expected to prove a riot.
One of the cutest little girls in Arizo
na will recite seveial side-splitting
comic readings, and it is enough to
say that when she has completed her
act at the rehearsal last night it took
fifteen minutes to calm down the oth
er thespians. Announcement of other
features will be made later. The first
performance will be given February
23 at the Orpheum theatre. The thea
tre in which the second performance
will be staged had not been decided
upon last night, but one will be en
gaged today.
Knglish Kitchen ' open to 1 a. ni.
Theatre
Formerly Lyric Theatre
TODAY
CHARLEY CHAPLIN
in
"STAR EORDER"
A Roliicking Comedy.
"The Border Runner"
I Reel Drama.
"Accidents Will Happen"
1 Reel Comedy.
ADMISSION
Sc
REPRODUCTION FROM
OLD PHOTOGRAPHS.
In
Sasse's Candy Store on
Main Street, we have on
display a number of re
productions from small
prints which shows what
we can do with your old
photographs. The work
speaks for itselk. Look
up some of the old tin
types of your dear ones
and let us reproduce
them. You will be pleas
ed with the results. W e
require from four to six
weeks' time on this class
of work.
Better see U3 at once.
Dix Studio
Jakob Schmid BIdg.
Brewery Gulch.
Do you know that M. Curran, the
automobile painter, is back on the
job again. First class automobile,
carriage and wagon painting. Old Ma
son Building, Lowell.
j J. N'eary, one of the best known
; of border characters and located tin
; til two years ago in the Gadsden Ho-
tel in Douglas, visited a number of
his "old cronies" in Bisbee yesterday
. afternoon. Neary has since joined the
colony of Verde Extension dividend
BANKS CLOSED TODAY.
All of the banks of the Warren Dis
trict and most of the public offices of
the city will be closed today as they
are observing a state holiday Admis
sion Day. This is also St. Valentine's
birthday, the annual celebration of
loe's y'oung dream. The markets in
the east will remain open, however,
and the Bisbee brokerage establish
ments will also be open to the public.
; drawers and hasn't a worry in
; world.
the
! ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
STAGE LINE.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
daily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co. Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. 939
(Advertisement)
WILLIAMS. HART IS
ATTRACTION TONIGHT
AT CENTRAL THEATRE
V
MARINELL0 fKS
use it to make
your arms, hands,
face ?nd neck look really
beaut:ful.
Applied easily and
quickly. One applica
tion make? a good skin
look better snj a bad
fcin UmA w.!'. PiMittvelT c n
D--I be d--l:c:c.l. Nril.r n:bi
cirf vr crintri l.y prnpiratiuu.
Lipert Cmne::c:aa
McDonald's Mari-
ndlo Shop.
.1 -i,MiXilrA.At,.r.24JiJUa
HELD FOR FORGERY.
Guadalupe Cabera. a 1 1-year-old
Mexican boy. was arrested yesterday
by Deputy Sheriffs Bed Gannon and
Hcrt 1'oliey and is held in the county
jail here on a charge of forgery. Cub
era was arrested on complaint of Mrs.
Francisca Mariseal. who alleges that
the boy had forged her name to
checks totalling $170. The woman
said that when she opened her ac
count at the bank she had taken the
boy with her to act as interpreter, and
he had later started cashing checks
to which hp had signed er name. Mrs.
Mariseal said she was not aware of
this until she went to the bank yes
terday. The boy will probably be sent
to the reform school.
TEXANS KILL BOXING BILL.
Al'STlN. 1-V.. Feb. 13. A bill to
allow ten round boxing bouts in Texas
was killed in the house repeseiita
tives today when the enacting clause
was stricken out. It was defeated
with an overwhelming number of
negative vote?.
Celebrated Western Actor to
Appear at Central, Lowell,
in His Latest Feature Pic
ture, "The Dawn Maker".
Even Indians occasionally are given
reason to utter the meaning of that
oft-repeated expression of awe: "How
small the world is." And Joe God
boy, the Indian actor, who is now ap
peaiing in Thomas H. Ince produc
tions is one who can attest to this
fact.
Goodboy recently went to the vicin
ity of Mount Baldy. Cal.. to enact his
part )( "Chief Troubled Thunder" in
some scenes for "The Dawn Maker,"
which appears today at the Central
theatre, Lowell, the Triangle-Kay Bee
play by C Gardner Sullivan, in which
Wiiliam S. Hart is the star. He is a
great favorite with the Ince players,
is this eighty-two year old redskin,
yet he cannot help but feel, when
mingling with them, that he "does not
tit." Hence, on "location." he usually
finds a secluded spot and occupies his
time by whitting sticks until called
into action before the camera.
One day. at Mount Baldy, GJodboy
sought and found a dry area under a
great tree, which the heavy snows had
not reached. He sat down and was in
dustriously carving a fancy arrow,
when a trapper happened along. The
two engaged in conversation, and the
outgrowth of the acquaintance was
that Hart persuaded Joe's new friend
to work in the picture.
That night Joe and the trapper ex
changed reminiscences. The trapper
happened t'.) mention the I'eace Kiver
country. '
"When you there?" queried Joe.
"Hack in the seenties," returned the
trapper.
Joe thought for a while, then sud
denly his wrinkled face beamed with
a smile. He had recognized in tho
WATCH FOR DETAILS
Annual Furniture Sale
Friday morning's Review will give details of Furni
ture values of unusual interest well worth anticipat
ing and waiting for.
trapper an old trieiul with whom he
had bunted in the Peace IUver wilds.
"What that you pace-face say?" he
queried of Hart later. "Oh. yes! You
say. the world him heap small."
Entire resources of the United
Seventeen bills giving President
power to deal with every phase of dis
order have been drawn up by sub
committee of Senate judiciary committee.
Aero Club of America has offered
States Rubber Company have been of-1 General Wood its entire resources to
fered to the government by President I provide at outset for training of 1000
ColL ' aviators.
A refreshing traveling companion
isp. Lyi
on
For The Teeth
Powder ' ' Cream
Prepared by a Doctor of Dmntal Surgmry
Send 2c stamp for generous sample of either
Dr. Lyon's Perfect Tooth Powder or Dental Cream.
A
L W. Lyon Sl Sons, Inc.,
574
9 1
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE
STATE OF ARIZONA. IN
AND FOR THE COUN
TY OF COCHISE.
In the Matter of the Guardianship
of the Estate of George Edgar Haw
kins, a Minor.
Order to show cause why order
of sale of real estate should not
be made.
IT APPEARING TO THIS COURT,
by the petition this day presented and
filed by K. A. Bretherfon, Guardian of
the Person and Estate of George
Edgar Hawkins, a minor, that it is
necessary to sell the whole of the real
estate of said minor, for the reason
that he has no other property, real or
personal, and that the property yields
no income whatever and said minjr
has no income from any other source:
And that it is necessary to sell the
said minor's undivided thirteen-forty
eights (13-48) interest ir and to the
"Little Casino" Lode Mining Claim,
situated in the Warren Mining Dis
trict, Cochise County. Arizona.
IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED BT
THIS COURT: That all persons inter
ested in the estate of said Minor ap
pear before the said Superior Court
on Saturday the lt)th day of March.
A. D. 1917. at the hour of 10 00 o'clock
A. XL. of saio day. at the Court room
of said Court at the Court house in
I the City of Tombstone, Cochise County
I State of Arizona, to show cause why
in order should not be granted to the
'said petitioner to sell so much of the
said real estate as shall be necessary
' and that a copy of this Order be pub
! lished four successivj weeks in the
Bisbee Daily Review, a newspaper
' printed and published in the said
Coutty of Cochis.
Dated February 3rd. 191.
ALFRED C. LOCKWOOD.
Judge of the Superfor Court.
First publication Feb. 8, 1917. .
e Theatre
THE HOUSE OF COMFORT.
Today Only. ? Matinee and Night
Chapters Numbers Three and Four, Billie Burke in
"Gloria's Romance
"DESTINY'S BOOMERANG."
Centaur Drama.
"Seeing America First"
MATINEE DAILY AT 1 P. M.
ADMISSION : : : 10 AND 15 CENTS.