-on
WEATHER.
MARKETS. ,
f
i
i
!
f
I
. NEW YORK ClYV
Average price of cop
per for week ending
Jan. 31, 30.375.
Mb
mi
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
7
Arizona: Sunday and
Monday, fair, not much
change in Uir.perature.
VOL. 19. NO. 207.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARYS, 1917
PRICE RYE CENTS
a yp
NEXT OVER
lEMSsWITSI GER
T ACT BY TEUT
I
sw
PRESIDENT :DECLaRES;
GERMAN STEAMSHIPS
SEIZED BY II. S.; PLOT
TO
AT
TORPEDOBDAT
BLOCKED
(By Review leased Wire.)
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 3. An attempt was made today
to scuttle the United States torpedo boat destroyer Jacob
Jones, by opening several of her sea cocks at the Philadelphia I
navy yard, according to unofficial but reliable reports. Ufhcials
at the yard refused either to confirm or deny the reports, point
ing out .that upon instructions from Washington a strict cen
sorship had been placed upon all activities at the navy yards
throughout the country.
An officer of the Jacob Jones, it was said, found that the
ship was listing heavily to port as she was being towed from
her anchorage in the Delaware River to a dock and all persons
aboard were detained and questioned. The chief machinist's
mate whose identity was not disclosed was arrested and placed
in irons on one of the battleships. Whether the prisoner is a
German sympathizer or a fanatic is not known.
More than two feet of water was in the hold of the Jones
when it was discovered that her seacocks had been opened.
They were quickly closed and two government tugs assisted in
warping the destroyer in her dock.
The local navy yard virtually was placed upon a war
basis today.
Cruisers Are Seized.
Early tonight the interned German auxiliary cruisers
Kronprin zWilhelm and Prinz Eitel Freiderich were seized by
order of the Navy. Department and their crews imprisoner in
an isolated barracks. The seizure Was followed by the plac
ing of an armed euard at the vard entrance, while marines
were assigned to patrol and landside limits of the government!
preserve. Motor boats and other light craft with machine
guns aboard patrolled the river and prevented vessels from re
maining within prescribed limits. Commandant Russell is
sued orders recalling shore leave of all marines and sailors.
' Visitors to the yard were ttrictly forbidden.
, -v (Concluded on Page Seven)
12 II. S. SHIPS HEAR DEADLINE
LOSS OF ANY 01 MEANS WAD
be conveyed by a warship of the
NEW YORK, Feb. 3. An indication
of the tension felt in shipping circles
here was shown tonight by the an
nouncement that the American Line
hteamship St. LViuis, which had obtain
ed clearance papers to sail tomorrow
for Liverpool, would not leave before
noon Monday at the earliest.
The American Line steamship St
Paul, which left Liverpool last Satur
day and ordinarily would be due here
tomorrow, may be delayed, it was
said, tonight, by the heavy northwest
Kales of the last three days. No wire
less messages have been received
from her.
Reports that the St Louis would
United States or of the entente pow
ers could not be confirmed. Several
persons wli'j booked passage on the
St. Louis cancelled their reservations
today.
Late maritime records show that
there now are at sea near the zone
or upon the trans-Atlantic sea lanes.
twelve American steamships, not In
cluding the liner Philadelphia, which
may be safe at Liverpool. These
ships are:
Almanece, Baltimore. January 26 for
Liverpool.
Alaskan, Gost'jn, January 28, for St
Nazaire. '
Bantu .Baltimore, January 26, for
(Continued on Page Kive)
T. R. and Greenway Offer
Army Division to President
(By Review Leased Wire)
OYSTER BAY (N. Y.). Feb, 3.
Theodore Roosevelt tonight
pledged his support to President
Wilson in upholding the honor of
the United States. He offered to
the country his own services and
those of his four sons in the event
of hostilities.
Volunteer Division.
Plans for a volunteer army division
to be commanded by the colonel,
which his friends have worked on
'since the sinking of the Lusitania,
again have come to the front and he
admitted he had asked the war de
partment for permission to raise swb
a body of troops.
"Of course I shall in every way
support the President In all that be
does to uphold the honor of the
United States and to safeguard the
lives of American citizens." he said.
"Yesterday I wrote to the war de
partment asking permission to raise
a divison if war is declared and there
is a call for volunteers. In such event
1 and my four sous will go."
Mr. Roosevelt would not discuss the
country's foreign situation further,
preferring to wait for developments.
Greenway Active.
Several thousands have at various
times communicated with Rgls Post,
who has acted for Colonel Roosevelt
in this connection, offering their ser
vices under his command and he was
flooded with telegrams today. Anions
the men who have informed hiiii they
would accept comniisisons under him
are John Greenway of Bisbee, Ariz.,
and Rock Chatming of Denver.
President's Act Brings Congress To Feet Cheering
While Gerard Quits Germany and Bernstorff Leaves;
Sinking of Another American Ship Inflames Nation
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3 President Wilson has broken off diplomatic relations with Germany
and warned the Kaiser that ruthless sacrifice of American lives and rights means war.
Similar action is waiting for Austria when she notifies this government that she joins in the
campaign of unrestricted submarine warfare.
The President made formal announcement of his action to the country and to the world today
at a joint session of congress. : '
Passports have been handed to Count von Bernstorff; Ambassador Gerard and all his staff
Passports have been handed to Count von Bernstorff; Ambassador Gerard with all his staff and all American consuls have been ordered out of
Germany. All German consuls in the United States are expected to withdraw, that the severance of relations may be complete.
SPAIN TAKES OVER U. S. INTERESTS.
American diplomatic interests in Berlin have been turned over to Spain; German diplomatic interests in the United States have been taken over
by Switzerland. Foreign diplomatic interests which the United States had in charge in Germany have been turned over to various neutrals.
Two years of diplomatic negotiations marked with frequent crisis and attended with the loss of more than 200 American lives on the high seas
have culminated with an act which in all the history of all the world has already led to war. Every agency of the American government has been set
in motion to protect the country against acts of German sympathizers. These moves of necessity are being kept secret. -
U.S. DEMANDS RELEASE OF CAPTURED AMERICANS.
With the notice of severance of diplomatic relations the United States sent to Berlin a demand for the immediate release of 64 Americans taken
from ships captured by the German raiders in the south Atlantic At the request of the President Congress immediately after hearing his address be
gan work on new laws framed by the Department of Justice to check conspiracies and plots against the United States which cannot now be reached under
existing statutes.
; MAY CONVOY U. S. SHIPS THRU ZONE.
The question of convoying American merchant ships through the submarine blockade has been taken up and is being considered as one of the
next moves by this government. ...
AMERICAN STEAMER SUNK OFF ENGLAND.
The news of die torpedoing of the American steamer Housatonic, coming almost before President Wilson's words in Congress had died away,
created a tremendous sensation, but it does not necessarily constitute such an invasion of American rights as the President said he would meet by ask
ing Congress for additional authority to act
Only the establishment of the exact facts can determine whether the sinking of the ship was a new attack on American rights, or whether the
case comes within the range of other American ships carrying contraband, destroyed in accordance with international law and presenting a case to be
settled under its precepts. .
May Be Act That Will Bring War.
Admittedly if the Hausotanic was sunk without warning or with loss of American
life, it will amount to little less than an act of war and be followed by all the consequences
which the President so clearly pointed out in his address.
Neutrals May Join the U. S.
Neutral governments have been notified of the action of the United States and have
been invited openly to follow its action if the new submarine campaign violates their
rights.
The breaking off of relations came with a crash, despite the fact that it had been dis
counted and practically determined upon last night. The President returned from his
night conference with the senators determined that a break in relations was the only act
"consistent with the dignity and the honor of the United States."
He worked much of the nifht preparing his address to Congress. At 10:30 o'ckk
htis morning it became known that Ambassador Gerard had been ordered home and that
passports had been sent to Count von Bernstorff. Although there was no official confir
mation of the President's decision until he formally announced it himself to Congress, the
knowledge spread rapidly.
Bernstorff Learns Worst
Count von Bernstorff heard it unofficially while talking with an Associated Press cor
respondent. While apparently deeply moved, he was not surprised. His first act was to
locate Dr. Paul, the Swiss minister, and ask him to come to the embassy and prepare to
take over its affairs. Then he informed his wife, an American-born woman, of the de
velopment and likewise told the embassy staff. His passports were not actually delivered
until 2 o'clock in the afternoon. While the President was addressing Congress, one of
Secretary Lansing's confidential assistants called at the embassy and delivered the pass
ports and a note in reply to the German declaration.
(Continued on rage Seven)
GOVERNOR WHITMAN CALLS OUT
TROOPS ONCE
W
6
T
L
POSTS ARE CLOSELY GUARDED
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, Fob. 3. The entire
national guard of New York state and
the naval militia were ordered out
tonight by Governor Whitman after
a conference with Major General John
F. O'Ryan.
General O'Ryan was directed to
have every arsenal, armory and water
shed adequately guarded by the mi
litiamen and Commodore Forshew of
the naval militia was ordered to pro
tect all bridges.
The governor's order was issued
at the direct request of Mayoi John
P. Mitchell of this city soon after
Mr. Whitman arrived tonight from
Albany. Governor Whitman said lie
would remain in New York to keen
in close touch with the situation.
"Of course, all of our people ill
loyally support tiie President," he
declared.
Military Censorship.
A strict military censorship was es
tablished at national guard headquar
ters immediately after the governor's
order was issued. "I think it is the
patriotic duty of newspapers not to
eek or publish any information con
eerning the use of troops at this
time," said General O'Ryan.
Major General Leonard Wood, com
manding the department of the east,
denied himself to all callers and pro
hibited his staff from making public
any information regarding the move
ments of units under his command,
which covers twenty-two of the east
ern states, and the District of Colum
bia. Federal, state and municipal au
thorities perfected plans for the pro
tection of the many strategic points
in and near New York City.
Police Assembled.
Members of the Home Defense i
league, in training for a year to re
lieve the regular police in case of
emergency, were directed to hold
themselves in readiness.
Squads of patrolmen under the su
pervision of federal secret service
agents were assembled to guard the
subways and elevated railroads, main
tain guard over the electric lights,
telegraph and telephone cables.
I bridges over the East river, all fed
eral buddings and the financial dis
trict. (Continued on Page Six)
Blunt Note Tells Bernstorff Why U. S.
Must End All Relations With Germany
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 3. T1'
note handed to Count von Bern
storlf with his passports, convey
ing a formal notification that the
I'nited States had severed diplo
matic relations, conforms close
ly in substance to President Wil
son's address to Congress.
Signed by Secretary Lansing
and addressed to the ambassador,
the communication reviews terse
ly the diplomatic correspondence
between the two governments
since the sinking of the Wussex.
using the same quotations that
were embodied by the President
In his address. It then announces
bluntly that "all diplomatic rela
tions between the I'nited States
and the German empire are sev
ered." that Ambassador Gerard
will come home, and thai Count
von liernstorff's passports have
been made ready. The note be
gins as follows:
"The secretary of state to the
German ambassador:
Department of State, Feb. 3.
1917.
"Excellency. i
"In acknowledging the note with
accompanying memoranda, which
you delivered Into my hands nu
the afternoon of January 3l. and
which announced the purpose of
your government as to the future
conduct of submarine warfare, 1
would direct your attention to the
f!owing statements jappearing
iu the correspondence which has
passed between the government
of the I'nited States and the im
perial government in regard to
submarine warfare."
Thei) follow the quotations used
by the President in addressing
Congress:
That from the Sussex note giv
ing notification of a severance
of diplomatic relations unless
Germany's submarine warfare Is
brought within International law.
that from the German reply giv
ing new pledges but reserving lib
erty of action should the allied
blockade continue iiunodifted;
that from the American rejolner
saying that the I'nited States
could not predicate Germany's
compliance with the International
law upon the conduct of another
belligerent: and last that from
a memorandum accompanying the
German note of January 31, giv
ing notice of unrestricted naval
warfare.
Pledges Broken.
"In view of thie declaration."
concludes the note, "which with
draws suddenly without any prior
intimation the solema assurances
given In. the imperial govern
ment's note of May 4. IMS. this
government has no alternative
(Continued on Page Six) THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW,
SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 4, 1917.
CANDIDATES ID IHE Sl
THIS .WEEK Fi1AYBE RELIED UPON
When a Contestant Tells You She Is Endeavoring to Collect
a Club of Five, Six Months' Subscriptions, Give Her Your
Support You Cannot Make a Mistake This Is the Week
of Weeks in The Review Contest.
We've Made Two Special Groups of Our Entire
Remaining Stock of Dresses and Re-Priced Them Regardless of Cost or Value
CHOICE
CHOICE
TWO
- f r; M c
Never before in the history of c'jn-JEdna Jo1iiis'jii
tests has such an array of pleasing Jess'e Cantrick
candidates been entered to compete ; Crona Michaels
Amy I'attou
for the most liberal lot of prizes verKiarie Kaminski
offered by an Arizona newspaper. jMrs. Dave Foster
The women are from our most repie- Florence lluckett
seutative classes, and the throe grand ! Loraine Cain
capital prizes have been chosen from ! Frances Callahan
an.'jns automobiles known the world . Blanc he Campbell
over as "the best the market affords -Mary Caretfj
for the money" and then some. ! Emmabelle Rolfe
If you want a handsome, luxurious ' Anna Cowan
Chandler Six and will make an effort j Anna Davis '.
to get one vote more than your nearest , Myrtle Lwing
competitor, and your effort pi'jves sue- j Theodora Gregovlch . . .
cessful, then the Chandler Six is 1 Mrs. Bert Hurst
yours absolutely free without any Mrs. Josephine Thomas
strings on it. Mrs. Nellie Butler
The Studebaker seven passenger ; Hat tie Jones
car offered as second prize, is greater 1 Kitty Regan
in value than the majority of capital Esther Lang
prizes heretofore offered by other pub- Florence Maddox
ligations of the state. " i Nellie Ryan
And these are n'jt all. Orline Lantern
Even though you run third, your Mrs. Mabel Moore
prize will be a five passenger Chevro- Eleanor Pace
let, a prize worth twice the effort you . Maud Perry
can possibly put forth in seven weeks. Margaret Shiilian
Make the Start.
True enough, last week was nomina
tion week, the week for everyone to Jennie Warren
enter their names for the start. But; Mrs. Carret Thomas .
if by any chance you have not en-1 Mary Wcaien
tered as yet, ou are not too late I Eeraice Buckley
on the other hand the time was never ; Roberta Sinclair
better. -tlrs. Nellie Hurst ....
Everyone knows about the contest, , Mrs. Ruth Sargent ...
everyone is ready to subscribe for, Gladys Dolscher
some one. By entering your name to- r rant-is Juliif
day you stand an equal chance v. it. j.Mrs. Doris O'Neal ...
all the others entered, and just to Mrs. Grace Miner ....
see who the energetic ones are. the Mrs. E. A. Aiberding .
t'Jntest editor is making a special in-'Myrthle Arborn
ducenient for you to start NOW ana ' Willa L'obiuson
show your worth within the week. Nona Biecher
15,0C0 Votes Extra. I Hose Wasser
In order to find out just who the Anna Hampton
live ones are that she may give at- Alice Bedore
tenlion to those who appreciate the I Carrie Forley
stazt of 5000 or m'jre votes that their, Rose Gcating
friends have already given them by: Mrs. Louise Detioff ..
means of the, nomination blank and Mrs. W. R. Tonkin . .
vote coupons, a special vote is given j "lildred Robinson
consisting of 15,000 votes extra to j Margaret Sullivan
every candidate who brings in five six j Lowell.
months' subscriptions, or the equival-! i'-ose Walker
cut theieof, bei'jre next Saturday i Mrs. E. I Norton
night, Feb. 10th, 9 p. m. 1 -Mary Sullivan
Lorelta McQuillian
;.'.Irs. Mary Pierce .
Selecting Favorites.
: Mrs. Grady McCrae ..
Now, dear readers, just keep your . Katy Johns
eye on the vote standing of the can-1 Lillian McOwen
didatcs. and chose your favorite ' Pauline Schuliz
among those who have 15,000 or mere ; Do; tic Finlaysou
otes to their credit ii.t Saturday, j Mrs. Glover Quails
That is the only safe metlAid to pur-, Mrs. F. E. C'Jllison
sue if you do not want your votes to Warren.
go to someone who may not "stay Liniae Johnson
with iL iMrs. Fred Gardner
First Votes Today.
Nellie Beddow
The first votes cast for the caml: !Mrs. E. Dcclts
dates are published herewith, and at : Ruth Wade
a glance one can perceive fini the; Miss Cowan
many who have at least a few votes j Mrs. Ella Trenham
to their credit, the widespread inter- Douglas,
est that this contest has caused. To j Minnie Seeley, care Kress'Store
advance your numbers into the thou- j Mary -Pressley, Ferguson's Drug-
Store
Gleeson
Miss Eva Eickstrom ..
sands and be a real leader, is a very-
easy matter for those who are ener
getic to seek the support of their
fiiends. Remember that nine out of j.Mrs. Chas. Ross
ten are taking the Review, and all I Mrs. Walter Cummings
you have R do is ask them to pay
you for their subscriptions in advance
instead of the office and you get the
votes, just as many, votes as you
would for a brand new subscription.
Bisbee.
Mrs. Frank V osier 9;,oo
Miss Jean Boyd f.ono
Katy Odn"tto 627'
Cora Gundry C.'SO
Margaret McCusker 5000
Delia Walk--" 5,)00
Edna McOwe"
IL S. 81!
Miss Caddie Clifford
Lizzie Kries
Blanche Eflinger ,
Tombstone.
Mildred Marrs ,
Emma Bishop
Edna Nevin
Etta Sanders ,
Mae Theil
Mrs. Leo Hill
Mrs. A. S. Cook
Cananea
5000
5000
5000
5000
5000
8600
5000
5000
5000
5000
6230
5000
5000
5550
5000
5450
5000 .
5000
5000
5000
5000
5000
5000.
5000
5000 ,
5000 i
5000
5000 ;
5000.
5000 :
Si'oo :
5000 ;
5000
5000
5000
5000
5000 !
6500 ,
6000
62tJ0
8500 i
7200
5000 ;
6860
6100 :
500o '
5000
5000
5000
5000
5000
5110
7310
6070
8140
sruo
5000
5000
6420
5300
50G0
5"00 ,
7210
571U ,
8000
5540
5000
5000
5000
5000
5000
6000
7200 '
5D00
5000
5000
5000
7220
5000
5000
5003
5000
5000
5003
5000
5000
5000
5000 j Mrs. Jennie Holland 9200
I0JW LIQUID
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Ft!). H. The feder
al reserve board, reviewing jis recent
aumonitu.ns to national banks against
investing too heavily in foreign bonds
expressed the opinion today in its an
nual r'-p'.irt to congress that a reduc
tion of American eyports or settle
ment therefore in gold would be pre
ferable whenever the absorbing power
of the investment market shows signs
1 exhaustion.
"The purchase by American inves
tors of desirable foreign loans la
large amounts," reads the report, "and
te ah; '.Hit ion by thoni of a vast vol
lime of American securities previous
ly held abroad may he regarded as a
healthy and normal operation In v icw
of the circumstances which have cx
i. ted :-incc tiie v, ar began, but the
board has defined it necessary, never
theless to emphasize the importance
'f hj'ins the banks of tb'i country
V.-ep 'new: cKcs ia a lii'iid condition."
his name. A hundred and forty years
ago lie fought against a stupid tyran
' ny and defeated it and now the heirs
of the liberties he gave to half a con
tinent have fallen into line with those
who are fighting a tyranny ten thou
sand times more monstrous than any
history ever ias known."
U. S. TROOPS TUF.N BACK
SIXTY MILES INTO MEXICO
(By Review Leased Wire.)
EL PASO, Feb. 3. Troopers belong
ing to Hie Fiftii U. S. Cavalry arriving
at Columbus with refugees report that
a detachment of the Uth 1. S. Cavalry
has been sent from Ascension to Sabi
nal, sixty miles below the border,
where the rebel leader Salazar hud
been reported with four hundred men.
This new s v as brought here tonight
by passengers from Columbus.
GERARD AND KAISER
MAY CONFER MONDAY.
SPIRIT OF WASHINGTON
LIVES AGAIN IN U. S.
LONDON, Feb. 3. The Weekly Dis
patch tomorrow in an editorial will
say:
"The spirit of George Washington f3)
looking down on the capita.! that bears
(By Review Leased Wirt)
LONDON Feb. 3 James W. Gerard,
the American ambassador. sas a Ber
lin message received at Geneva, and
transmitted by the Exchange Tele
graph company, saw Chancellor von
Bethinann Hollweg late last night.
According to a rej.'.wt received in
Geneva from Munich, the ambassador
may have an audience with the Ger
man emperor on Monday.
mm
THE FINAL CLEARANCE of Women's Street, Afaternoon and Evening Dresses offers the greatest opportunity you
have ever had to buy desirable garments at a mere fraction of their real worth.
ALL WINTER DRESSES must go, and with this point In view, we've grouped our remaining stock regardless of value
or former selling prices Into two lots and marked them at prices that will move them and move them quickly. The
woman who responds to this announcement will pay considerably lesR than half their original selling price.
THERE ARE DRESSES of Serge, Crepe De Chine. Taffetas and Messaline; cleverly designed models that will meet
with the decided approval of women wiio are particular in their choice of styles and fabrics. There's only a limited num
ber, so early choosing is important. DRESSES worth to J25 for $10.95. DRESSES worth to $35 for $14.40.
Winter Coats Reduced to HALE-PRICE
THIS IS A RARE OPPORTUNITY, one that the woman who appreciates real style and quality in a COAT will hasten to
embrace. Extremely smart, practical nioaels, in the most fashionable of this season's fabrics and colors.
COATS THAT ARE MEANT to meet the insistent demand for novel, distinctive styles: dressy enough for almost any
occasion, yet not too elegant for a motor trip or street wear; loose-flaring and belted styles, with large collars, some fur
trimmed. Take your choice Monday ana pay HALF-PRICE.
High
;.f K.: ,V
v.
$25.03 Coats Reduced to $12.50
$27.50 Coats Reduced to .$13.75
$29.50 Coats Reduced to. . $14.75
A Big One Day Sale of
Grade Silk Blauses
Georgette and Crepe de Chine
AT HALF PRICE
THIS SALE MEANS much to the woman who contemplates the pur
chase of a high-grade Silk Blouse and wishes 10 economize. Beautifully
and attractive designed, iu the loveliest models you ever saw, far more
charming than you could possibly imagine unless you see them with your
own eyes. Made of excellent quality of Georgette and Crepe De Chine,
in white, gray, navy, green, plum, wine, brown and combination effects;
with large new collar effects, pleated, frilled or embroidered; the blouses
themselves are finished with colored chenille, or bead embroidery; then
there are plain tailored ntodels, and combinations ot Georgette and satin,
all at HALF-PRICE.
i - y I-
ys -- fi - ;
7iS
$5.00 BLOUSES $2.50
$6.50 BLOUSES .,...$3.25
$7.50 BLOUSES $3.75
$10.00 BLOUSES
$12.50 BLOUSES
$15.00 BLOUSES
Two Lots of Lingerie Blouses
(Lot No. l79c) (Lot No. 2-
EVEN A CASUAL LOOK at
these two splendid groups of Lin
gerie Blauses will convince you
.$5.00 l-:zZr3l "J
.$7.50 ': -X-ii .-j
t l t.
7 n
Ut; -t-.:i
$35.00 Coats Reduced to $17.50
$32.50 Coats Reduced to $16.25
$37.50 Coats Reduced to $18.75
i i Clearing Broken Lines of
f ; 1 Women's and Children's
WINTER UNDERWEAR
At One-Half Regular Prices
IN THIS WONDERFUL assortment of Women's and Children's Underwear
that lias been remarked for a quick clearance, there are rare opportunities for
big savings. Not only a chance to supply present needs at big reductions, but
y-:u may auticipate your wants for spring and summer, for in the collection you
viil f:nd summer weights, as well as winter underwear
TO AVOID ANY DISAPPOINTMENT we feel that we should tell you. that
he offer embraces broKen lots only, there is not a full range of sizes in any
one style but as the sale starts, there is plenty of every size taking the col
lection as a whole.
THRIFTY WOMEN will not need a second invitation to help themselves t
the splendid bargains, nor will they have any reason for regret because of
having patronized this sale. '
i , ;
t.:.i
mi k
WOMEN'S UNIONSUITS
Wonen't 75c Unionsuits..
Worien'8 $1.00 Unionsuits
.33: Women's $1.50 Unionsuits .
.50s Women's $2.00 Unionsuits
CHILDREN'S UNIONSUITS
fM:rk 'el-
that it is an out-of-the-usual oppor- . -rt: i jt,55f.T
tunity to anticipate yonr spring and
snmmer needs for
BLOUSES.
AND YOUR GOOD OPINION i
w ill increase with tne closeness of I
ycur inspection. Made of sheer, !
line tjiiality Voiles, Batistes, Lawns
and Dimity; very pleasingly and at
tractively trimmed with dainty
laces and fine embroidery.
Children's 35c Unionsuits.
Chile rer;'s 50c Unionsuits
.18c
.25c
Children's 5c Unionsuits
Children's 75c Unionsuits
75c
...$1.00
..33c
..28c
CHILDREN'S VESTS AND PANTS
Children's 25c Vests and Pants... 13c
Children's 35c Vests and Pants... 18c
Children's 50c Vests and Pants... 2ac
Children's 75c Vests and Pants... 33c
y :it.X&L i
Infants' 25c Shirts ..
INFANTS' SHIRTS
13c Infants' 50e Shirts
.25c
They're in the most popular and iMVTsr' 7 1 Y-Jttlia ) i't! i ': t:h-ds
desirable styles, some have round. 1. i -rwvfc ' -j ! i7&f& t'M'Hj .4 tyA 1
cape collars, others have large i Tfil J A
sailof collars, finished with lace, j t I t irii'"' v '. V r. 3V "viltV-" -S I'M i
pleated and embroidered. This is Zf'X-fJn'"''- -&Af"yi J l
yam chance t olay in a supply of ; tZ'ltiiyrf'-- y7r?Tr , W- f
Blouses at a very substantial sav- V";- ' '. :':V--f"' ' t--; .J
ing. Lot No. 1 79c. Lot No. 2 -' VV'' ;f 'v' ! VJ "V:-'-''. r
Clearing Separate Skirts
WITHOUT REGARDS COST OR PROFIT
WHAT WOMAN CAN RESIST such a sweeping redm (ion on the cleverest
and smartest of this season's Separate Skirts: irresistible styles and values.
Kvt.jr detail of fabric and design denotes the originality and skill cf the best
SkinmaVers; materials include black and navy serges and poplins and novelty
plai Is; tunic styles, yoked effects, flare and pleated models.
$7.50 SKIRTS FOR. . $3.75 $10.00 SKIRTS FOR. .$5.00
$8.50 SKIRTS FOR. . .$4.25 $12.50 SKIRTS FOR. .$6.25
Charming New
SPRING SUITS
$18.50 to $35
SOME OF THiCM have just this minute
come by fast express from the land where
styles are horn. Others of the Suits that
will be included in this initial Monday
showing will not arrive until after this an
nouncement has gone to press that means
that on Monday morning you can see these
Handsome New Spring Suits as they're be
ing taken from their boxes ALL FRESH
AM) NEW.
More than one pair of eyes will open
wide with Surprise and Delight as they view
these New Suits tomorrow. Women will le
surprised at the value contained in these
newly arrived garments at the little prices
and delighted with the chic and liccoin
ingness of the smart modcis.
BEAUTIFULLY tailored and Novelty
models that will make it easy for you t
understand why Fashion authorities predict
the return of SUITS for Spring.
GABERDINE, Poplin and Serge are much
in evidence as well as new sports fabrics.
The colorings include champagne, char
treuse, magenta, olive, Hague, wine and
navy.
Annual February' Sale of Laces and Embroideries
Women Planning Spring Sewing Cannot Afford to Miss This Offer
i
SURELY TH : WOMAN WHO HAS a weakness of dainty Embroideries, will lose her heart when she sew tnis
splendid assortment spread for her inspection. Words in cold type can gie no idea of the beautiful edgings for
summer Frocks and Lingerie.
THE DESIGNS ARE BEAUTIFUL and t.'ie values exceptionally tine. They are of good quality Cambric ani
Swiss. Not an old picked over lot of odds and ends but all new, clean, fresh and crisp. These Embroideries
will move at a very lively pact THERKFOKE, if yoc would take advantage of these uuuusally attractive patterns
and prices, lie t. i hand cnrly Monday morning.
Lot No. l6c Yard
This offer embraces an unusually fine
collection of Cambric Emb'oidery Edges
2!i to 7 indies wide, in beautiful new spring
designs, open and blind patterns, splendidly
finished edges So new, so o.treinely pretty
and so low priced that women will snap
tiicm up in a hurry, per yard Sc.
Lot No. 2 12c Yd.
No. 2, at 12c a yard presents a bar
gain i'.!ite out of the ordinary, embracing
Embroidery Edgings from 3U to 12 inches
wide, on fine quality Cambric, or sheer
Swiss; in admirable patterns for dainty
white frocks and lingerie Positively the
best value you ever bought at 12c a yard.
Lot No. 314c Yd.
We will not attempt a description of the
beauty and loveliness, and the fino quality
of the EMBROIDERIES that go to make up
this offer. In exquisite designs and well
wrought edges on linst Swiss and Cambr'o
Muslin: Edgings varying in width from to
IS inches-, an exceptional value at 14c a
J w
x Sy
I A 4
Smart Spring Boots for Women
Advance Spring Styles Await Your Inspection
COINCIDENT WITH THE showing t.f
Fair'' s'-irc is now exhibiting some of the
be the vogue for Spriug Wear.
THERE'S A HANDSOME collect iou c
combination effects; this early showing
NEVER IN THE eighteen ycais ci our
t iow such a beautiful line ot shoes, sucK
war.
l ltOWN KID. Lice Boot. Eight Inch
Top, Turned Soles, u pair .
1 ilOW'N KID, Lace liuot. S Inch Gray Sir
t very 'landscme model lor street wear ...
ALL WHITE KID Boots, Ijice Style. S i
white Ivory soles, the e:.rij' sprin? shoe.
WOMEN'S WHITE N'J -Bui k B.;!s. I.
Inch too, a very exceptional value, a pat:
he early SPRING BOOTS by New Yolk's fashionable Shoe Palaces. "The
mast fashionable and tniartest boots that, arc decreed by Fifth Avenue to
swagger new Boots, in all favorite leathers, popular eden , as well a.
s replete, with uew arrivals coming in daily.
sci vice to the people of the WARREN DISTRICT have we been able to
' i ast variety, ami o many pleading otnbinatiems in tiylub fcniiuine toot-
ite Kid
J'J.tlO
.le Top,
'. JS.5U
leh top.
'iair... $S
..llc, .s
?
0
SPORT HOOTS for women, of white Canvas,
trimmed with white Nn-Huck, Low neel. S in. top Jl.t'O
ALL GRAY KID Hoots, Lace Style, tlexible soles.
leather Lcliis heel. S inch lop, good value $ti.00
PATENT KID HOOTS, while kid top. button
style, t'ex lle welt soles, leather Louis heels li.l'O
ltl-ONZ!-; KID LOOTS, late style. S inch top
and these wll be more popular lor ; pruig lli.iii
ever, pair ;.H
VAL'. AND
TORCHON LACES
6c Yard
VALUES TO 12! ;c
This inter concerns a very lar?
assortment of the daintiest and
prettiest Val inciennes and Top li
on Laces and Insertions you ever
&aw offered at buth an insigul.
cant price.
ALL READY to trim your ne-v
spriug lingerie, dresses and wai; ts.
All correct styles lor spring and
smuttier and all brand new.' A
giame at these pretty laces wiM
teil you that the cneapcsl of thcui
are wori'u almost double the sultj
price
W'UMKN will buy thcui hurried
ly tomorrow morning at tic a yard,
i.o a ;. uu ale iulcreslcd. K t u. uige
jou to lie tu hand early. THE BISBEE, DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 4, 1917.
THREE
r
."V
INDIVIDUAL SERVICE
What It Means to You for
Spring and Summer 1917.
Our Tailoring means I hat.
you et exactly ' what you
want exactly what you want;
in fabrics, original styles, per-.
fection in fit clothes with a
personality, built just as you
want them.
The advanced styles shown
by us are the exclusive crea
tions of our Designers, and
not shown by any other Tail
oring house.
Vsl
hi I
i
There's a model for everyiary courtesy and tried his best to ap-
pear pleasant, actually he was deeply
5te in our assortment otjanf.ted an,i gravely apprehensive at
taste
styles, novelty fashions which;
not only reflect the present em?aor, " rthis T
j r l l T with the leeling that berore the day
trend ot style changes, but an- wa3 ovc,r diplomatic connection
ticipate next season's ideas so 'with the United states would end.
that you are assured season-1 s,lortl' afTor, ?V Vetted
li i, i . i i 1 !a correspondent of the Associated
able fashions which have beenjPress iP llis stUdy. The ambassador
censored by our Designing: was busy signing checks for personal
gtaff -bills. He swung around in the chair
TT j f hit his desk.
I he ease and grace Ot Our! Well." he said smilingly and of
desigTlS the novelty of finish' ! fering his hand, "what d"j you hear
ed coat backs, and the mdivid-jthis ",('in. Amf 1 5?
.r . li 1- i i -i c r Itumed out? No information? Well,
Uahty m all little details Ot hr.-;I huve ,IOIlC either. I haven't heard
ish cannot be equalled in any a word."
otner line.
This season's fashion ideas
.i i-
show some slight changes : the personal opinion that if relations
overjast season. Narrow la-!were broken off ? cuntfrif3
, ... , might continue in that state, the tele-
pels are the prevailing style, j phone rang. He was quiet a moment.
The lengths of COatS are about! then tbe expression on llis face
the same. The form fitting !ansed.
I -i- -ii ou say relations have been brok-
COat at the waist line IS Still in en and that the President is going to
VOSfUe among the young men. ' congress? Are you sure? Well, may
Other models more conserva-!be tliaLs so- No- 1 l,ave no n,mM,t
.ij to make and n'othing to say. If that
tive tor those that do not care;5s true Y am a private citizen again."
for the close fitting coat. The ambassador turned to the cor-
Vests follow the conserva-lreKDO,,(i'm
.1 ii
lT Q3 WCU 13 L11C 1I1CJI'
advance skeleton athletic j
chnit r ,.VL
variety of new fashion fronts
just a bit different for the
young men.
Trousers fc
irousers tor young men are,,
straight lined, the proper knee! -i j,eVer expected anything else,
widths I8J2 inches, and the There was nothing left for the United
bottom ! 52 inches. siates to d,- 1 (wouder how 1 am K
C ' ' r mS to Bt home :
ror men or more conserva- "i suppose i will get my passports
tive tastes we recommend our any now- Cut 1 certainly am
regular trousers not quite so'?ot 6PriseJ at the cVVh,at hf,,
i r -ii .,, been taken. My people in Berlin will
Close fitting With knee Width jt be surprised eitner. They knew
192 and bottom 16 inches
. wide.
We also can give you the
very popular style, Medium
-i
trtPO- tnn or full (lief at vnn
.
Want them. ,
Step in at your very first op-U
portunity and look over the
J i r i i
many patterns berore they are,
sold out. I
Beau-Brummel Tailoring,
who tailors just for you.
Inch by Inch
All Individual
Our make good policy insures,
satisfaction.
LOWELL HABERDASHER
Lowell Haberdashery.
Main St., Lowell, Ariz.
mm
EXPECTED IT," SAYS COUNT
II BERNSTORFF AS NEWS OF
BREAK IS TELEPHONED TO
(By Review Leased Wire) j
WASHINGTON. Feb. 3. Having re
ceived passports for himself, his
family and hi suit.' together with' a
note explaining wliy President -Wilson
has severed diplomatic relations be
tween the United States and Germany,
fount von Bernstorff tonight wes
I waiting for his departure to he Ar
ranged by the Swiss- minister.
The minister. Dr. Paul Rittc-r, lias
cabled Heme i-Jr formal authority to
take over Germany s
affairs here and
w hen it is received he will cu
will unit
Secretary l-ui-'in and arrange details.
Count TaruowiskU the lit w ambas
sador from Austria-Hungary, who has
not yet presented his credentials lo
President Wilson. Ueiiied himself to
callers today and oflichU continuation
of reports that his government had
taken action similar t'j that of Ger
many was not obtainable at the em
bassy. It is "aken for granted that
when such action is taken relations
will be broken with the Vienna gov
ernment. It is still uncertain what
action will be taken by Turkey.
Deeply Affected.
The German ambassador's last of
ficial day in his embassy was an
eventful one. His friends noticed
lhat, while he retained all his custom-
the prospect of the future.
Receives News Calmly.
As the talk drifted to expressions of
neaee and the ambassador exnressing
and askcd tbat vf,rifl,ation
oi ue repon ne nan
neara De oo-
-! tained.
This was dore and the ai.;-
bassador quickly walked into the ,ie.i
rooia to carry the news to Coi;-ters
von Bernstorff.
When he came back intt) his stuiiv '.
his eyes wcre'iioist and he said:
! "So. it really is true. I'm so sorry.
i However, as vou know. I exoected it.
npvpr PVnected anvthimr else."
iwhal was coming when they declared
unrestricted submarine warfare. How
ever, I have simply been here to car
ry out the orders of my government
and I have done so. I havn't had any
communiction with my government
for the last day oi to and now I sup-
pose j Wju foe unable to communicate
ith them at all, since the use of my
f.robB.Wy wi" not be alloed ,and
1 could n'.it send messages in plain
language."
It was nearly 2 o'clock when As-
sistant Wolsey of the state department
i arrived at the embassy with the am
; bussador's passports and tbe note
j from Secretary Lansing.
The ambassador, as is the custom.
sat down under the portrait of his
Theatre
Formerly Lyric Theatre
TODAY
A VERY GOOD
MIXED PROGRAM
DON'T MISS IT.
ADMISSION - -
STAB
HIM
emperor and opened the conversation
by saying:
"I am very glad to sec you gentle
men. but what interest tan you have
in m. 1 am a private citizen again.
"When am I going home? I don't
know. You will have to ask the
Swiss minister that. I have asked
him to take charge t our affairs and
he will make all the arrangements
i Ul ...
I 1 umuas.sa.iior a iu.u mai ...
- "111' KOIllll u- unrsB.il y
sti-ps to protect American life and
propertyoii the seas, and was asked
-hat would happen.
"What will happen?" lie replied. "I
can't say about that. If American
warships are going to convoy ships
carrying ammunition well, really I
can't say what will happen."
He said he expected to stay in
Washington I'or the present because in
view of the situation on the sea he
did. not see how he was going to re
turn to Germany.
I Tlie interview over. Count von Bern
storff went into an 'adjoining parlor
and there conferred for half an h'Jtir
with William Nye cf the United
states secret service, who had called
to arrange for one of his men to re
main constantly with the ambassador
during the remainder of his stay in
the United States. This step was
taken as a measure of personal pro
tection. Soon after the ambassador called
for his automobile and went for a
drive through the parks. .
All business at the embassy, here
tofore one of the busiest in Washing
ton, ceased abruptly when the word
went around that relations had been
broken off. For the rest tf the day
the embassy was as quiet as a private
home. Clerks and the attaches stood
about asking each other " how are we,
soing to get home?"
BRITISH AWESTRUCK
BY ACTION OF U. S.
. (By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON Feb. 3. The American
rupture with Germany has created
the deepest impression here 'of any J
event since the first war days of
August. 1914. The general feeling
is one of satisfaction mixed with a
onsHierable measure of surprise.
I'.ntisli officials recognize that the
new F.:t nation Dnngs arawDacKS as
well
..... .
as advantages to tneir inter-1""
ssts. Great anxiety is felt for the
welfare of entente prisoners in Ger---!"v.
who now are deprived of the
assistance and measures of guardian
ship which the American consular ser
vice r.nd embassy have been able to
rci-.dT and doubts are felt whether
other neutral establishments will
be able to do as much for the in
terned civilian and military prison
ers. Belgian relief workis faced with the
greatest danger, as the withdrawal of
the American commission may result
in its complete collapse - and bring
hundreds of thousands face to face j
with starvation. i
The universal feeling here is that ;
the United States will inevitably be
forced into war and theA part which .
she will be able to play therein is j
the chief topic of discussion, coupled I
;vith speculation as lo its effect upon dent in every effort to keep this coun
thf Rimnlv of munitions tn Knrone try out Of War. If light we lllUSt, let
The news of the sinking of the
American steamer Rousatonic as well
as the contents of the President's ad-
dress came too late for the evenine-
papers but wherever the sinking of
the American vessel was known, it
was assumed that it would go far to
ward precipitating war.
The new German campaign of unre
stricted warfare is regarded here with
composure.
I). s.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3. Sailings of
American merchant vessels for the
prohibited war zones were stated of-j
ticially at the state department to
have become a military matter. No
interpretation was given to indicate j
whether this means that the ships '
will be armed, convoyed, or held in
port.
No final decision seems yet to
have been made, but the state depart-
. ment is expressing to shippers the in
formal belief that it would be wiser
to postpone sailings for the present.
Whether the government will ami
ships or convoy them is a question
not finally decided. The navy depart
ment says that while all the guns and
material necessary for such armament
' are ready in the various navy yards,
the decision as to the policy of arma
ment rests with the state department.
I A definite announcement is expect
'ed shortly. The state department has
', been besieged by shipping men seek
ing informaton as to the govern-
raent's wishes. Now that the major
decision is out of the way. collateral I
issues are expected to follow rapidly. I
HUNDREDS OF CERMAN
SYMPATHIZERS ARE
r DETAINFD IN N. Y.
NEW YORK. Feb. 2,-Hun-
dreds of persons of known Ger-
man sympathies were placed un-
der surveillance in this city to-
night on orders from Washing-
ton. This step was taken as a
nrecautionnry measure. - The
name of every person on the list
for surveillance was obtained ns
the result W investigation by se-
cret service agents and opera-
tives of the department of jus-
tice.
Twelve Germans employed at
the wireless station at Sayvlllo
were discharged tonight by Lieut.
Lindsay, the American naval of-
fleer in charge of the station.
after he had received instruc-
tions from Washington to dis-
pense with the services of any
persons whose reliability he
Could not vouch for in the pres-
ent unsettled condition.
COUNTY SALARY LAW
UNCONSTITUTIONAL,
IS COURT DECISION
(Special to The Review.)
PHOENIX. Feb. 3 Arizonas coun
ty salary law,-which divides the coun
ties into fourteen classes and puts
one county in each class, was de
clared unconstitutional by the su
preme court in a decision handed
down this afternoon m the case of
Frank U Hunt vs. Mohave County.
Hunt was county assessor and
brought suit to collect his salary un
der Uie laws oC 19014 The ritmrt
holds the 1912 enactment of the leg
islature invalid on the ground that
it was special and local legislation.
County officers who are not satis
fied with their salaries under the
present law and who have been al
lowed assistants and expenses will
have to return! the excess over lhat
allowed by the 1901 law in settling
with the counties, the court declares.
GERMAN PRESS IN
U. S. WITH WILSON;
SO. AMERICANS ALSO
RIO JANEIRO,' Feb. 3. Comment-
ing on the German note published
here today. El Iniparcial says:
"Nothwithstanding the idea in
herent in the American peace league,
under the protection of the United
States, it is a right and also a duty
to organize common action in America
nn .1 f. . .i I. .i .f ,Ka unnai'iiontihla laws
"tlc"oc "' w
jl nations, rne uernian menace can
not be allowed by the American na
tions which look to the attitude of the
Cnited States as a guide of their poli
cy at the present moment."
San Francisco Democrat.
President Wilson in announcing the
beach gives us the hope that it will
not lead tS a declaration of war.
Should it come to this citizens of
German decent will not fail in their
j sacred duty to the country' of their
adoption.
Omaha Daily Tribune (German).
We have duties toward our adopted
country. Our allegiance belongs to
America, first, last and all the time,
These duties we must perlVrm and
will perform above all consideration
and regardless of what the future
may have in store for us.
Los Angeles Germania.
We sand firmly behind the Presi-
U3 fi8ht our own battle. We are all
Sootl American citizens free and
sovereign loyal tt this country. We
owe no other allegiance to any other
nation.
. Seattle German Pres.
' The national honor of the United
States is not at stake. . The prq
British press of this country does not
reflect the sentiment of the country.
We do not want war; we want peace.
. Besides there is no necessity far war.
No nation has the duty to protect
: foolhardy adventurers who insist on
presenting themselves as targets to
the German bullets. And that it what
American citizens are doing who en
ter the barred zone.
U.S.
RE-
LEASE OF PRISONERS
WASHINGTON. Feb. 3. One of the
most serious collateral issues pending
between the United, States and Ger-
many when diplomatic relations were
broken involves the status of sixty
Americans, taken by the German
raider from the British steamer-
Georgic, Mount Temple and Voltaire
and held now in German prison camps.
Among the last diplomatic inter
changes before the break was a de-1
mand from the I'nited States that the
Americans be released. It is supposed
that the Spanish minister at Berlin
when he takes over American inter
ests will continue t.'ie negotiations be
gan by Mr. Gerard. So far Germany
has shown no disposition to yield.
Among Americans on the Goorgic was
Edward Clark, of Dallas, Texas.
The Churches
Bisbee Suburbs.
Hon Luis Sunday school. li:"!i a.
in.: preaching. ll:.'!u a. m.
-'outh liishee Sunday school, p. m.:
preaching and communion. 7:20 p.
in.: Chririian Endeavor. Tuesday,
7:20 p. in.
Ijiwell Sunday school. lo a. in.:
Christian Endeavor. Wednesday.
7:30 p. m.
Warren Sunday school, 10 a. m.:
no preaching toilaj.
The lord's day Mauds lor the lofty
things in life. J. Khys Evans, min- ;
htor. '
Presbyterian Church.
Sunday school at 0 : -1 .". a. m. Offer
ing for Missions.
Young people's meeting at !::! p.
in., topic. "Visions und Tasks." Chris-.
ti:in Endeavor Decision Day. ,lil
L':LS. 29:2. Chronicles 24:1 7.
I'ul.lic worship at 11 a. m. and at
7:2k p. m.. with sermons by the pas
tor. Women's League Wednesday at l':oO
p. in., with Mrs. Hodgson.
Choir practice Thursday , evening.
J. K. Fry, pastor.
First Baptist Church.
9:45 a. m. Sunday school. S. M.
Howard, superintendent.
11 a. m. Preaching, subject,
Cruciried." ;
12 m. Communion.
B:45 p. m. Junior and senior B. Y.
P. U.
7:4". p. m. Preaching, subject.
Confession.
A royal welcome to all. Come nnd
bring a friend. .
Wednesday evening prayer meet
ing. '
Thursday evening choir practice.
F. M. Pitman, pastor.
CHRISTIAN CHURCH.
Bible school at 10 a. m. Something
ot special interest will be told to the
Bible school workers. Re on time and
hear it all. Preaching at 11 a. m. and
at 7:20 p. m. Walter L. Martin, min
ister. Christian Science Society.
Christian Science Society of Bis
bee holds services in Odd Fellows
Hall at 11 a. in. The public is wel
come and invited to attend. Subject
tor Sunday, February 11. "Iive."
NEW COMPANY QUALIFIES.
PHOENIX, Feb. 3. The Cornelia
Ajo Copper company, a Delaware cor
poration, qualified to do business in
ArizVma, by meeting the requirements
of the law before the corporation com
mission here today. Charles Z. Jones
is president and Morris Brooks is the
secretary of the corporation.
TO THE PUBLIC
A
E
I I i t i
SERVICE GASOLINE PARTS
Having purchased the Gibson Garage
JOHNSON ADDITION
We are prepared there, to promptly Take Care of all "Ford" Repairs.
Expert Master Mechanic Honest Work Fair Prices. '
atour old Upper Main Street Salesroom.
Parts and accessories as heretofore.
HOOD & BLEDSOE.
Salesroom Phone 67. -:- Shop Phone 686.
Exceptionally Attractive Values in
MEN'S SHOES at
$4, $4.50, $5 and $5.50
If we had not contracted for these shoes before the great
advances in prices of all materials which enter into tho
manufacture of dress shoes, we could not possibly offer
footwear of this style and quality at these low prices. It
will be a long time before we are able to offer such sterling
values, therefore would suggest that you provide for your
present and future wants liberally. You're savings range
from $ I . to $2. on every pair you buy.
Men's Gun Metal Blucher, Goodyear welt, oak sole solid leather
throughout the pair . $4.50
Men's Kid Blucher, Goodyear welt, oak sole tip and box priced
the pair . $4.50
Men's Gun Metal Blucher Goodyear welt "Neolin' sole priced at
t.'ie pair $4.50
Same only with Goodyear welt. Tex tan sole the pair .. $4.03
Men's Black and Tan Calf English last rubber fibre sole priced
the pair $5.02
Men's Gun Metal Calf blucher Joodyenr welt, oak sole pair $5.50
MATAMORAS MEXICANS
CHEER FOR GERMANY
!
(By Review Leased Wire.) i
BROWNSVILLE. Feb. 3. There'
was a small demonstration by Ger-'
man sympathizers in Matamnras. Mot.
opposite here tonight, when a report
from Mexico City was published that
Germany had declared war against
the United States. A small crowd
paraded the streets sh'Juting "Viva
Second Ford Station in Bisbee.
NOTICE !
For F
orcls
xciiisiveiy
FORD CARS
ON EXHIBITION
Alemania". (Long live Germany).
Unusually heavy guards were
thrown around the United States
arsenal at Harlingen. Texas, tonight
on instructions from the war depart
ment Ask Art
DID YOU
' r FOUR
THE B1SSEE, DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 4, lyiV.
Published Every Day Except Monday by the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered at Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 3, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable in Advance:
PERJdONTH S .75
THREE MONTHS 2.25
SIX MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS . 7.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter 75
M Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
PHONE NO. 39.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Oaily Review before 8 a. m. will' get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor if any irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger serviced
applies to Bisbee only.
Sunday Morning, February 4, 1917.
I
IS IT WAR7 j
War!
Impending is that terrible weapon of destruction; that
nicnanco of the ages, the fiual result of national dis
agreement WAIL The threshold of this condiLicn yawns
wide, inviting the Uuiitd States of America to partici
pate, from every indication it would appear that this
country must go fcrward. -Upon the question as to
whether Germany will make good her threat or retract
her orders depends this country's actions.
In the consideration cf war with the German Empire-
the Drst question which raises its head is the status of
the great population in the United States of German and
Austrian origin. What attitude will these 20,000,000
i
measure was not anions the recommendations of his
message.
"In the simc consecrated spot in the Republican yes
terday, there appeared an account of the appointment !y
Governor Campbell of George II. Smalley of Tucson as
state examiner. That was construed by the "trustee" of
Governor Hunt's contest fund to be an incident of the
conspiracy against democracy. It was such an appoint
ment as might have been expected. Mr. Smalley is a
man of undoubted ability with a record in Arizona of
twenty years for integrity. He is a republican and the
governor is a republican. '
"We do not see anything sinister in the appointment of
a democrat to investigate republican officials or in the
appointment of a republican to investigate democratic
officials. If those officials who are to be investigated are
honest and competent they have nothing to apprehend
from the visits of so fair and competent a man as Mr.
Smalley.
"The publication of these hints which could emanate
only from a partisan of the narrowest view, are intended
to create democratic sympathy with former Go-jrner
Hunt in the decline of his political fortunes. On Novem
ber 7 there was manifestation of a lack of such sym
pathy on the part of half the democrats of Arizona, and
we do not think it can be awakened now. Democrats of
Arizona have come to understand that democracy is one
thing and Huntism is another and quite different thing.
"The Republican regrets the appearance in its pages
of this misinterpretation of the bill of Senator Campbell
and feels that the indignation of the senate, composed
of fifteen democrats and four republicans, against the
"trustee of Governor Hunt's contest fund" is justified and
righteous."
Americans take? Will they remain true to the fias -md 1 TuLHc Library. There may be other enlightened libraries
the country of their adoption or will they attempt to
block any action, on the part of the United States, which
might be taken for the protection of the country and the
upholding of its honor?
On the first page of this morning's Review is a commu
nication from a German-born American citizen. In un
qualified terms he calls upon all people of Teutonic origin
to be loyal to Cue country of their adoption.
His is the proper spirit and it should be extended to
every part of the nation, should eventualities ccme. A
united nation should face the crisis and American citi
zens, of foreign birth, are no whit less integral parts of
the citizenship of The country than are native born.
While there is yet hope that war may be averted, let
this Sunday's prayer include a part of President Wilson's
speech, which he made before Congress yesterday:
"God grant we may not be challenged to defend our
rights by acts of wilful injustice on the part of the Ger
man government."
TWENTY-EIGHT DAY BOOKS.
Most refoims ccme as soon as people are ready for
them. And they thonldn't come any sooner than Uiat.
Cut there's enc littie improvement we can think of that
probably couldn't hurt anybody if it 'came right now.
That is changing the time a library book may be retained
frcm' 14 days to '.S days with the privilege of 28-day
renewal.
That change ha:: already ber-n mr.de in the Omaha
MISPLACED CHARITY.
The United States senate .has acted wisely in forbid
ding government bureaus to receive financial support
from private sources. The amendment offered by Sen
ator Chamberlain, and adopted by the senate was aimed
particularly at the "foundations" established by John IX
Rockefeller and Andrew Carnegie. Thero may be no
harm in those philanthropic institutions as long as they
rae directed by wise and public-spirited men. But they
have latent capacity for harm. And at best, it is hu
miliating that so rich and powerful an institution as the
United Slates government s-'iould rely on charity for
tarrying on any phase of its work.
Senator Chamberlain was moved to present his resolu
tion by the fact that the federal bureau oT education has
been for some years employing experts whose salaries
were paid by the General Education Board. It is that
board which has now announced its intention of trying
to dlter our American system of education, getting away
from the old "culture" ideals and setting up new scien
tiiic uiiiitarian standards.
There is not necessarily any menace to (lie nation in
sudi a program. Neither is there any evidence that L:ie
board has been trying to force its ideals on the govern
ment bureau cf cdu at ion. But it's just as w ell to avoid
all appearance of dictation. Uncle Sam is 1-ompetcut to
formulate his own e lueational program and pay his own
bills.
CUSS BACKS'
iip mar
IN CRISIS
Former Political Opponent of !
Executive Throw All Party,
Prejudice Aside and Pledge .
Faith in Wilson.
RECLAIMED.
where there is su'-ii a system. We wish there were
more.
There are bocks, of course, that outfit to he on hand in
th? lihriry ali the time. Reference books that few people
would nead to read clear through, but that many peopit
would want to use in a day or a week, ought not to be
taken frcm the libr.iry for any length cf time. And there
tre perXips hookr, -hat should not be kept cut n.oie t'mn
two weeks at a time.
B'it every one who has ever tried to get acquainted
with Dickens or Scott or Thackeray on the I4-d-iy basis
konws how hard it is. to get into the spirit of the book
with haste in his mind. And the end is usually spoiled
by the guilty conscience of the reader w.ho keeps the. book
overtime.
When it ccmes to a modern book like Jean-Christophe.
a book that 13 a liberal education in itself, it's pretty
nearly criminal to make the reader dash through ever.
one vol unm in four weeks.
Wouldn't it be a good idea to have the time limit on a
book based on the size of the volume, the number of
UNTRUTH IN ADVERTISING. I pages and the amount of thought necessary in reading it?
r
Under the above title the Arizona Republican com
ments on the advertising which has appeared in its own
columns over Uie name of the "trustee" for Hunt's con
test fund. The comment follows:
"There is a department, or rather a section of llw
Republican which the "trustee" whoever he may be,
of the contest fund of Governor Hunt, purchased and
consecrated as we were assured to truth, wherein was to
be published tfom day to day, an accurate account of the
progress cf the Hunt-Cainpbt II contest proceedings. So
far these accounts until yesterday morning, had boon
fairly- accurate, though lacking in completeness, the ac
counts in the news columns of the Republican.
"But yesterday morning there appeared in that de
voted, dedicated space, matter which would bring the
"trustee" under the displeasure of the loosest, most lib
eral "truth in advertising" law that was ever drawn. The
matter was prepared either with intent to deceive and
prejudice or else in gross ignorance of the facts which it
was pretended to describe.
"The matter related to a bill introduced the day before
by Senator Campbell creating a state welfare board
whose business it shall be to visit all state offices, in
stitutions and prepare a report of their investigations to
be submitted, not to this legislature, but to the nest on.
It was represented la this section, consecrated to "truth",
that this was a measure aimed at democracy and by
democracy the "trustee" of course, meant former Gov
ernor Hunt.
"The introducer of the bill, framed by the senate ap
propriations committee, is & democrat, wo believe a far
better democrat than the former governor or his "trus- j pPe Bonodict says that President Wilson's peace ad
tec," and certainly, a democrat who has a far bettor j tIre!iS "revives tha principle of Christian civilization."
standing within his party, than the late election proved j Eut u lsn't evident that the belligerents are greatly in
to? former governor to Lara. The bill Is a business ! Crested just new in Christian civilization,
measure in which no ulterior purpose is concealed or
could be concealed. It is the first attempt that has ever j ,"Drueiriss Ham 12 Per Cent." Is that all? We didn't
been made to give to n legislature clear ord comprohen- , realizo that druggists' profits had fallen of.
she information regarding hc condition and the needs : '
of ita'c o3k-fv. and institution:.. The fact that the report : According to a Swiss dispatch. Austrian debtors are no
of the proposal welfare board would not made public ! longer paying their Swiss creditors for goods delivered,
un'il the meeting of t lie next legislature, in 1919, would i because "by the Austrian decree of January 1, 1917, pay
preclude any su.picioii that any political, partisan or ments in foreign countries are forbidden." When a pri
factional use was intended to be made of it. j vatc individual slops paying his debts, we know how to
"Governor Campbell moreover, had nn'.V.ng to do with i slzu him up. When his government forbids him to pay
this measure of Senator Campbell's. T'le governor and i hi is debts, is the case any different? Is Austria baukrupt?
the. senator are tot rIa'.cd ai.d thy art iot la syir.i& hv j .
in polities. The goveraor probably knew netUins of taU j Ecry new lnnov3tl02 hae its k3'." M r. 1 1- . Lmvy
ex-:!!' a', till uatil So read c its feitroductlba. Such a Iff'ltd rises n't a bit Jc'yfcil rr the hotl akiru.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3. Leaders in
congress without regard of politics to
day expressed the views of President
Wilson's course and of his address.
Vice President Marshall said.: "If
the President has to deliver the 'other
address he spoke of, you will find the
sentiment of the country has crystal
ized behind him on the address he
made today. The American people is
an easy going people but when it
gets its back to the wall it will fight"
Senator Ston:
"I think there are two things we
should do now as far as it is pos
sible keep jur heads level and our
mouths closed."
Sinator Lodge:
Ranking Republican member of ths
foreien relations committee:
"1 most thoroughly approve and
support the Prtsiient in giving the
German ambassador his passports and
recalling our ambassador from Berlin.
It is the riant thine to C'j and is de
manded both by the, honor and tie
sai'ety of the American people.'"
Speaxer Clark:
"I do not think there is goinj; to
be any war. I do not think the Ger
mans will blow up any of our ships.
I think the President stated the con
ditions exactly."
Republican Leader Mann:
"I do not see I.'jw the President
could do any less. I am very glad
he did not purpose to do any more.''
Senator Kern:
Tile Democratic Senate leader:
"I believe the American people are
beLind the Pri sidetit to u man and
congress certainly is. There is noth
ing more to be done, of i burse, until
joaie tangible program is presented to
congress. The business of congress
now is to await developments."
Senator Galiinc,er:
Republican leader of the Senate:
"Of course if Germany sinks an
American ship or u.kes an American
lire we shall have to fight. But we
sh'juld view the situation calmly, ei
pissiinately and hrpefv.ily. The Fiesi
denl's message was admirable."
Senator Recc, Djrv.oirs::
"There was no alternative for the
President, a great nation cannot per
mit a foreign potentate to mark out
the lanes through the ocean over
which he will graciously permit com
merce to be borne. A natjn which
loses its self respect will soon lose its
independence."
Senator Smoot, Republican:
"I approve of the President's posi:
tion outlined in his address and be
lieve that if the same attitude had
been taken a year and a half ago we
would have saved the country a great
deal of humiliation and Vould have
been better understood by the other
nations of the earth."
Senator Cummins, Republican:
"I entirely approve of the Presi
dent's course. I do not see how he
could have done anything else in
view of the American position. Whe
ther .r not war comes depends, o;
course, on whether Germany carries
out her threat I agree with the
President in tha belief that Germany
will not go that far."
Senator Chamberlain:.
Chairman of the Senate military
committee:
"The President has done all that
could be done. It is now up to Ger
many." Senator Weeks, Republican:
"I think it Is the best address the
President ever made, lie could, not
say more and he could not say less."
Representative Flood:
Chairman of the House foreign af
fairs committee:
"The President's course was isr
and I am sure has the approal of the
country. I have talked with many
members of the House and it. is practi
cally solid in approving his course.
The President could not. have done
less and was wi:e not to do nfjre at
this time."
..-v-r-. ypf-y . Ty?: rttfars.'j:igy T'-'-"J:r7y""
tAm 'f;.tf&sA
A
i.:k .
u. s. mm:
nil
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Prb. ;:.--The etra
ordinarily precautions to he taken to
protect government property the coi'P
try probably will be the most strin
gent ai sub-treasuries, assay olliees,
mints ami oilier ImiMmgs where
money or tmllioii i.-i id "led.
Kxira guards were on tln' at t!u
great t,ea 'irv buildings li"i'0 ntel
other uioiMm! prei'am ions were taken
including a prohihinon aaaiul car
ryin;; any pdekaes into the itniMincf.
While Vithi lals onid no, say vliai
orders luid been ..t ut to otluers of lee
treasury depai Inn nt slaiions el-e-wiicrc.'it
was indicated that tli' cau
ticu to be exercised ft sub-treasuries
and mints would be of an extent tui
cqualied ' peace tlil.ei ill tie (uon
tr's hitloiv.
WilUllCr the 1-l'iHl.l will le
all-'d o'H a d m 'If or), ei i ,
;o.-cramtu' t'li'Mt;, i' hill-' - ill
te left ennrcl.- t;vh state Oicials.
OEPORTERS SHAMED 1
BY"LEArPnGEEB3;
Two Washington Ne'sp?.per
nen Insist Tiiey Got Tip
from Street, and Not From
Cfrciil Sources. ,
(I!y Review Leasr-d Wire)
'.VASHIXOTOX. F.' :VTwo Ws..'h
ir.";ion nwsaper men, J. Fred Ks- j
s:r he 'd of :h'i Pr.lliTer : S-ta I'lireau.
and W. W. Price, White House cor
respondent of the Washington Star, ,
admitted at the leak inquiry today !
that on December last, they sup-'
plied advance forecasts of President
Wilson's peace note of December "1.
which eventually found their way to j
the olficps of E. F. Mutton and Com- j
pany. New York brokers. i
Essay swore that it was solely !
through friendship for Connolly .
Washington broker and partner of 1!.
W. Boliing, brother-in-law tl" I he,
President, and without finaneinl gain, ;
that he prepared the telegram which i
Connolly previously had testified he i
wrote and sent to ti e Mutton house
over his private wire. Such inloriua- j
tion as the message contained, F.sray ;
said, he gained from conversations
vii. "pother newspaper men and dedi c
titiis he made from his knowledge of
the international situation. Me add
ed that he was not one of the grjn;
of correspondents confidentially ad
vised by Secretary Lansing thai the
note was coining.
Price testified he sent two mess
ages to Chicago brokers, i'rederi-k
A. Aldrieh and Finley, Iiarrell Co.,
telling them he understood Secietary
Lansing wfi about to issue a state
ment touching on peace, lie said he
was regularly employed to furnish
such information. Roth wt.nl to liie
same address as that of Clement, Cur
tis & Co., brokers of Chicago, and
le;:.-i thdii an hour late ra message
signed "Clement" and uslti much of
Pii'-es' language was receied by liie
Mutton of I ices in New York. Prit e
insisted his messages were based on
information he had lei cived Iron
other reporters which he did not con
sider confidential a'el his o.va inter
pretation of the situation.
A sioiy Mrs. KuMi Tho.uasou Vis
i onti told Thoma.. V. ltwsoti, al'ei
ing I hut. l'riee was tile -4.) lii Ht'eeil
lor Secretary Tumulty in Wall Strict
deals during the leak period, hrouglit
Price into the Inuring weeks ago.
Willi tears in his eyes. I-Mwin A.
Roper, telegraph operator for Con
nolly to whom K.-.iay handed the fore
cast of the vile, told how Rolling had
i"iided with him to tell !)" truth
and set. htm luht hciore tie country.
Rolling diil rot know tic ..'aire 01
the note, he . tsu'l! w it. a ,t
lla.v s.
For two e. I,..,'- :tid Rom r. ' I'd-
liig j. Hi .ir.. lie ; , i.j i;.c puo-
le. looj;.U at In:,! .e- lo'u:i iiu; so
IT hid i i da 'd lac eoio; (- of the
I'l'Md'iil. 1 lia.e I" 11 waiting to
en tf !i I'e. Imt I d'd not want In .t.t
Kssar in wrong. Se-.er.tl itue 1
; started, but I turmU lack, then R.d
lii'g imploted t.i'- 't agai'i to coeie
liert and tell the truth ami here 1
:!.!. '.Vacii I I, -it liie office today
; Roiling yaitl. "tind td. ss you. "
; I :ie t-viiiitii I'd! ".eii :;:i;c !.; in
i- if a" .'I id-i. . iili fuor
ma'!"li el !" ,! ..-J,f. ri'lf" '.i .li'
,U; III ? f . Jli. srel.I-i' lli'.li-lll.
w
I
With Money
That's the way wealth has been gained ever since the
wrorld started.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is making money for you with the four per cent
interest which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT
GROW!
Citizens Bank & Trust Company
Main Street Bltfe Arizona
Will E. McKee, President C A. McDonald, Caaniar.
O. W. Wolf, Assistant Cashier.
V
9 M
A
liave you made it yet? It's important
to j'our family and to you.
Consult with us to-day before you
forget it, or it is too late.
Remember, we can be of real service
to you in the making of your will.
' .'..'-T-.Tr.: r-n ""l'' " " 'A
1 l
1
' IV-I
let!
m
h d
CONVINCING
EVIDENCE
cf this bank's strength is attested by ita re
sources, management and directorate.
Make it your depositary by opening an ac
count subject to check.
1 in . - . - c . .-. . . j- -a . ... .. ,tji ft mm
wm m ads are wm wn V
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 4, 1917.
hve
1
-f
I
OFFENDERS AGAINST SKIPS,
K. R, OR U. S. INDUSTRIES
iWILL BE SEVERELnNDLED
!. hi
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON'. Feb. 3. Steps to
strengthen the federal statutes under
which prosecutions may be brought
against those committing offense in
the United States to further the in
terests of the foreign government was
hastened in congress today after the
break with Germany was announced. '
Seventeen bills submitted by the de-
partment of justice several months
ago to facilitate prosecution of such foreign government in order to de
offenders were approved by a senate 'fraud any person or obtain from any
sub-committee w hen w ord came that I pet son any "paper, document, or other
President Wilson wanted action on
them hastened, and they probably will
go to the floor 'of the senate early
next week.
The more important of the measures
whose passage is sought by the ad
ministration because the justice de
partment frequently has found itself
handicapped during the past few
months by insufficient authority,
would make the following provisions:
Authorize collectors of customs "at
any time during war between foreign
nations" to inspect any private vessel
within American jurisdiction for evi
dence of attempt to violate the sta
tutes of the United States or the law
of nations.
Regulate the issue of passports and
provide five years imprisonment for
their forgery 'or falsely representing
the facts to obtain one.
Authorize the arrest and return tc
the proper place of any officer or man for willful interference with corn
belonging to the forces of a belliger-! merce by injury or destruction to
ent who has left his place of intern- j place where the instrumentalities of
ment in this country, and make it a i such commerce are stored, produced
crime for anyone to aid or entice any i'or manufactured.
interned persons to leave. I
Makes it a crime punishable with:
five years Imprisonment for any per
son, willfully and knowingly to make
any untrue statement either orally or
in writing under oath before any per-1
son authorized and empowered to ad- j
minister oaths, which "affiant has j
knowledge r reason to believe, will j
or may be used to influence the mea- i
sures, or conduct any foreign govern-1
ment or of any officer or agent of any
foreign government, in relation to
any dispute or controversy with the
United States or with a view or in
tent to defeat any measure of, or ac
tion by, the government of the United
States in relation to such dispute oi
controversy."
Pr scrihe new regulations for the
issue and service of search warrants i
and warrants Kr seizure and deten j
iioni property so as to permit; issue
of such warrants to any authorized :
'
WHY DONTYOU
Ask Art
Mi
Consists of twenty-seven claims. Located ten miles north of Bisbee
in the Warren Mining District.
The formation of these claims is Devonian limestone with show
ings of copper minerals on surface, carbonites as well as sulphides.
Ore in the Bisbee mines occur in the same formation.
Mining engineers acquainted with the district reported on the
property as more than encouraging.
C. J. Winters is president of the company, J. C. Barkwill is vice
president, and C. P. Thomas secretary and treasurer. The capital
stock is $500,000.00, divided into five hundred thousand shares at the
par value of $1.00.
100,000 Shares Will Be
The money derived will be used lor developing the property wi'h
churn drills. The first churn drill is expected to be on the property
within thirty days.
Information concerning the properly and further particulars will
be cheerfully given at 'the had office of the company.
civil, naval or military oflicer of the
United States upon proper application
to a court or the United States com
missioner where the facts sl.'ow
ground for the belief that the rights
or treaty obligations or United States
statutes are violated.
Punish with live years imprison
ment any person who falsely assumes
or pretends to be a
I sular, or Dther official
diplomat, Con
or agent of a
valuable thing."
Make more stringent the prohibi
tions against exports of arms to be
used against a friendly nation and
those against revolutionary conspira
cies against a friendly nation foment
ed in this country.
Empower the President to withhold
clearance from any vessel, domestic
or foreign, or to forbid its departure,
where there is reasonable cause Pj be
lieves such vessel is carrying arms or
supplies to a foreign belligerent in
violation of the obligations of the
United States.
Punish with 10 years imprisonment
any person setting fire to. tampering !
;with the motive power, or placing
bombs on any ship within the United j
J States or Jf American registry with
j intent to injure the vessel or her j
'cargo or of persons on noard. t
i Punish . by 10 years imprisonment I
j Punish . by 10 years
PLAN MEAT CUTTING
DEMONSTRATION AT
Y.M, G.A.WEDNESDAY
The home economics department of
th
Twentieth Century Club has is-
' sued invitations to several hundred
to its mat cutting demonstration at
the l. M. C. A. gymnasium cuaes-.
day afternoon at 2 o'clock.
Al Smith of Tovrea's markets will
denioiK-ttute the ruttingof meat, sam
ples of which will be passed around
among- .the Wuests for perscm! in-
spection. Later Dr. Kraneck, Unit? !
states meat inspector, will address
tne nu eting on government meat in-
Spection. He will answer questions
from the audience.
The club me.ibers Path have In
vited three guests, and all members
of th Woman's Club are invited, to
gether with teachers' of the domestic
science department of the city schools.
As the gymnasium has a capacity of
less than r0i, it was impossible to
invite more.
the Bisbee Fuhli
Y.W.C. A. ANNUAL
MEETING SHOWS YEAR
WAS RECORD BREAKER
Furniture Paid, Balance in
Every Fund, Mrs. Hunt
Reports Cafeteria Highly
Successful.
The ninth annual meeting of the
Young Women's Christian Association,
held Friday evening at the home, was
a decided success. The repoits of
the various heads of departments
were interesting and showed advance
in all the work of the year.
Mrs. E. M. Durley, chairman of the
religious work committee, told of the
monthiv vesoer service and teas, and
the Bible class conducted weekly by
Rev. H. S. Brewster. Mrs. C. S.
Thompson reporting for the girls'
work committee, spoke of gifts re
ceived during the year for the new
floor sin the recreation room, and of
tents and equipment for the girls'
camp, which was first established for
girls last summer. Miss Bartlett,
guardian of the Aloha Camp Fire,
spoke more intimately of the camp
life.
The educational work was preseiit
ed by Mrs. E. A. Crocker, for Mrs. J.
M. Ross, and in this a!.so there was
much advance. Four classes in folk
dancing are held weekly. Dr. Sims
con,u,ted a well attended civics class
in th faij. a f;rst aid class is taught
DJ. jjr. Durfee, an English lass for
foreign Bir!s nn-ts weekly, while the
Chautauqua circle and the Twentieth
Century Club are both outgrowths of
. . ,.,ivities
The tennis and basketball courts
j are much used, both by giris and
I young women. Mrs. T. L. Houston's
j report for the cafeteria showed some
, interesting data. As many men as
women patronize it. More than ?j00
lias been spent for additional e;iuip
nicnt, and from this time on a cer
tain definite sum wiil be paid- month
ly to the gmeral work. Tee interest
centered in the report of Mrs. t . II.
Hunt, chairman of the finance com
mittee, as she said that all indebted
ness for furniture had been paid in
fall, and that at the beginning of the
new year, l-'tbruary 1, there was a
balance
in every fund of the asso-
t-iation.
The prinicpal business was the elec
tion of members to the board of di
rectors. Mrs. C. W. Allen, Mrs. M.
L. Butler, Mrs. Juliff and Mrs. ii
M. D'irley were elected to "succeed
themselves, Mrs. Sims was th new
member elected. During the year
Mrs. Philip Wilson, -4rs. Crocker ana
Mrs. Frances Cummings were elected
to fill vacancies.
A short program was given by J.Irs.
Franken'otirg, Mrs. Ruffner rnd Miss
Jacobs, alter which refreshments
were served. Mi's. Juliff, chairmen
of the social committer was in charge,
and she was assisted by Mesdames
Shine, Notnian, Ferguson and Sher
man. Offered
at
"SOCIAL SECRETARY"
AT CENTRAL TONIGHT
Norma Tslrnadge Is Star in a
Triangle Offering at the
Lowell Theatre.
In 'The Social Secretary," Triangle-Fine
Arts feature to be seen at
the Central theatre today. Norma Tal
madge. is starred in a play entirely
different from any of the others in
which she has appeared and in a
part which is both unique and inter
esting. She is seen as a beautiful youn wo
man who has to earn her living and Is
annoyed by the unwelcome attentions
of every man for whom she works.
After having left half a dozen posi
tions because of this persistent perse
cution ...she answers the advertisement
of a woman of wealth who wants a
social secretary.
Before doing so she disguises her
self in such a way that no one would
suspect her of being beautiful. She
pulls her hair straight back, puts on
heavy rimmed round glasses, paints
some ugly lines ft; to her face and tops
off the general effect with a surpas
singly ugly bonnet and dress. She
gets the job and finds in the house
hold where she is employed a son
and daughter, the former a victim
of Bad habiis, the latter about to sell
herself to a very poor specimen of
foreign nobiiity for his somewhat tar
nished title.
The young man. returning late one
night, catches the secretary without
her disguise and promptly falls in
love with her. Then there are many
complications and adventures, in
which the girl sacrifices her own
reputation to save that of the daugh
ter of the house, but eventuality suc
ceeds in saving both the daughter
and the son from their respective
follies, while clearing her own name
in the bargain. Also, she finds a hus
band in the person or the reclaimed
youtli.
Miss Talmadge has a role which
gives her excellent opportunities, and
she makes the most of then. A spe
cially encaged cast includes Gladden
James, Kate Lester, Helen Weir, Eric
von Stroheim and Heibcrt French.
"SWEETEST PLAY" IS
MATINEE OFFERING
Theod'jre Lurch and his company
last night gave a ghasty presentation
of a i ' lastly play, "tr. .iekyll and Mr.
Hyde," at the Orpheum theatre. A
description of the production would
be useless; everybody knows the story
and anyone who say the play as given
last night will admit this morning
that those who didn't see it probab
ly enjoyed iheir night's rest much bet
ter for btaying away. Mr. Lorch in
the leading role was about a gruesome
a character as ever grovelled on t
local stage, and, although the other
members of the cast were good, it was
Mr. L'orch who made the real impre
sion in the play an impression that
will long haunt the audience.
"The Rosary," known as "the sweet
est play ever written," will be present
ed at a special matinee this afternoon
and "So Much for So Much," a rollick
ing comedy, will be offered for to
night. TWO DAIRIES YET
SELL POOR MILK
it7 j !; '-" ' t- ' "r"5r"' " "iTi
City and County Bacteriologist Lr.
R. B. Durfee, announcing the past
week's analysis of milk sold in the
district, finds again an apparent dis
regard for the city's ordinances by
two local dairies. The products of
the. Pure Milk Depot and the War
ren ranch, according to Dr. Durfee.
are far from what they should be in
quality and purity, and arrests arc
expected this week. The Standard
Dairy also has room for improve
ment in its milk, it is said.
Kccalling that the siale standard is
:'."T, butler fat and l.iii.ni'O bacteria,
the following afford comparison for
milk customers in the district:
Class A.
Mcdigo i-h and Crogo ich, but
ler fat ; :.'0.oOO bacteria.
H. Jliissan, I S and L'O.ono.
Kirkland. 1.5 and Sn.nnn.
Tombstone Canyon. 4.2 and H.','"'0.
San Jose. ::.S and lii.nno.
Wotilsi hlagcr. ".:.' and -W.OfiO.
Class B.
Standard, I. and r.oo.ouo.
; Class C.
I'lire Milk Depot. ::.S and 5.001).
Warren Ranch. -'.7 ami S.otm.
ELTZZARD HITS DAKOTAS
AHLKDEEN. S. P.. I'. b An Si'
mile wind is diiig a Miiitunl worse
Hun lli.il ) east from Mohii'le.
It sini'!; Ii'-re ;jl"'it 1" . m. The
tlici piiMipier It'i'j'l'eij lit ii !-;;icc ;
in! wo li'Mir ..
G'jAnu powutn rLANr.
1i:m t:i'. I- i -The yUx of
V.. I. I'll I'OI't tie .Nemours Powder
' Oiiipany at !.'ui ier-i, Colorado, is be
in mutinied by redoubled forces of
secret service men and watchmen.
loidint to announcement today by C.
W. Thellis. Denver mummer of the
i ..N.;il v. The l;mt );is bud! Wider
'.l..i .l !"1 ouiljr lui'il'. lis.
1
imni
J
LANSING JELLS
hi TflKf-
iu uuu
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON", Feb. To insure
quick construction of naval vessels !
and manufacture of amniunition and i
equipment for which private plants '
r
are under contract. Secretary Daniels Sov. rM-iblunns ,:.p;vs.-d sln.I
today asked Coayresj for authority to ar sentiments, but others on both
commandeer such plants if n.-cessary ' s;d- s entered protests nainsl com-
an.l i.T.ernte them iv the nnl.lie sen-
ice.
A draft of the proposal sent to the ; k invoIw.d tho ;,, v i. !a"-i ! : t y f con
Ilouse by tiie secretary was presented j tracts. Speaker Chirk int.. tr ipled ilie
hv ('l:iiriiin Padgett of the naval
committee s nn :(n:enrimenl to the
annual naval bill ,on which debate
was just closins.
Following closely
upon the Presi
dent's address to congress, submis
sion cf tlf amendment enlivened dis
cussion of the bill and there were
many references to impending de
velopments in connection with the
break with Germany.
"This is an hour of reflection and
serious consideration." said Mr. Pad
gett. "I address" myself to the pa
triotism and wisdom ol the House.
(Iy Review Leased Wire.) ;
Ill'ENOS AIRES. Feb. r.. President !
Wilson's decision to sever diplomatic
relations with Germany
is approved
by all circles in Buenos Aires.
La Kpoca. the organ 'jf the Presi-
dent. says:
"The point in question is that it is
no longer a war for political ends or
dynastic interests. This is a war for
the vindication of the principles in
herent in human conscience. After
twenty centuries -there is an attempt
to torpedo the rights of humanity.
The I'nited Slates stands against a
power which aspired t'o destroy mor
als. The opinion of the world heart
ily approves the step taken by Presi
dent Wilson."
Most 'of the newspapers eulogize
President Wilson's decision.
WASHINGTON, Feb. n. Although
there have been indications that iln.
break between the I'liiled States and
Germany ma be followed by a sever
ane of relations ul.-'j between tho
Berlin government and Pra.il. Argen
tine and perhaps other latui Ameri
ca 11 republics, no evidence caiie to
light today to show that the latin
American diplomats here were doing
uiore than .gathering information to
transmit to llicir government.
TWELVE AMERICAN
SKIPS NEAR ZONE
(i 'oiil iuued I'roiii I'Jgc one)
Liv el pool.
I'oehri. Nr V'
l-el.l-!,
Gent.-.-).
l'nij.."!d. Ne Y"iN,
Ln ci p-"!.
IIe.il, i. . p. pi... I i.p-lj.l
Jl!'! M V
MJ. J:ioi..rv
t.ir lion, rd.iui.
"ne ,i. New Yoik. .tn"iny
!;' I'-platti. -
V ileum i. New York, January
London.
for
PT
d noi c,
Marseilles.
Maeo'.ia.
Havre. '
Mu:-ko",,i
Dalti.norc. .fanuaiy 2t. for
New York. Jaimarv -i!
I'hi';!.eliihi:i. January "1
SOUTH ABA THRILLS AT
U. S. STAND FOR iillTV
The Judgment
of t ie
llajoriiy
usually safe to follow. That our photo
graphs are satisfactory in all respects
seems to be the unanimous opinion of
our customers.
CALL SEE OUR SAMPLES-LEARN OUR PRICES
THEY'LL CONVINCE YOU, TOO!
Dix Studio
Jakob Schmid Building, Brewery Gulch.
(in ship mm a n
. uri.ii ui in iniiuu miu
IlllfliiS PLANTS AT ONCE
There is no partisanship in
nsider-
ins; the navy. Cntler the circum- i
stances, at this time, thai sentiment
finds coruir.I expression from every ;
member,
tate."
I his is not the hour to hosi-
i niandef 1 ill ; tie iid!lt
al this t i.ae.
without dt:e tos.ip- iialioii, ind Repre-
I scuta:! v'p Fit, . or.ild. i'tniocrat. said
discussion :o as
shy w;'ro!.:ps uiiud
d more rapidly and
1 not be COilstlT
to urge the nary
p!:v every means
com.'.titteo t.i em-
io speed u; biiild
inir.
Representaih e llritten announced
he had prepared an amendment to ap
propriate Jiiii.iM'0,000 to hasten com
pletion of 11S warships authorized at
previous sessions of Congress and
now under construction in govern
ment and private ship yards.
Ceiu rrd d tale was concluded today
and "detailed consideration of amend
ments will Lctin Monday.
SANTIAGO. Chile. Feb. ". The
: breaking off
"of relations between the
( I'nited States and Germany, although
, expected, has caused a great sensation
J among all quarters. The action is ap-
j proved. The President and ministers
are absent from the capital but their
' return will be hastened.
i;etwc n tne chancellories ji Argen
tina. Brazil and Chile has been an
active exihange of coinuuinii a'.ions.
Financial circles art much excited.
WASHINGTON. Feb. :: It was r.
ported tonighl in diplomatic circles,
but inn ontirmed in any American of
licial source, that President Wilson it;
advising neutrals of his actum in
severing diplomatic relations with
Germany lias invind other iicinrals to
follow his course.
President Wilson's address to con
cress today said he would epct nu
trals to foifliw Ins course if hi' round
it nei cssary to- take furih- r steps U
protect, American rights.
Ol!:i-i:ils lonigut liil not make ci at
whether the President c peeled the
neutrals to follow his example in the
steps already taken or whether he ex
pected tlieni to follow the steps the
I'nito.i Stales would ta!e in the next
eventuality.
Sun. Pii'Uidclph
F'-bruary 1. for
North German
London.
At tiie piers of tne
LPyd and !hn.;!iur-- Ai
liol iU";i ad. 11' ioual
'l e an liio-s in
cards wen
i pijvd.
I til l!ie
I...C 1
! . ,
La;
tociav
...r lit.'
ii--. I .!n
l'i'i
.1 I,, i...
1 1 war
m.-inv
reportcu
iilr. et
w . rr e j ng
won th- :v
iiriir.-. . i i-.v-
the.v fej.e.l 'he
'1 I'V the ' n;l-d
- made pi"!: "If r v
re 'pa ,n i." I " i '1.
: I !!! re.
j pi J J I'!"'! V .) I'l ."
1 h'p.- mud' I"- :'! ;
, S'. it,.-:, an. I lie- ' lev
'1 lie "I'l ' ! .. Id
. !! xiii'T. ' .-rte.!.
A repoit ti-.it pr, 'pjration lii.l been
I made la M lltli.' (r disable the .'ssc!;
in the vent if actual hostilities ne
tweell Hip I nite I States nli.l C rruatiy
( was v i-.'i -piisly denied by Cotiiuioilore
LHatis Knesei. in coiuiiand ol the
I Vaterlaud. the largest of the German
"JEALOUSY" WILL BE
REPEATED AT ROYAL
i Leading Man in Suratt Photo
play Has Much Trouble
! With 1 1 air suite Adornment
A Big Success.
I
Just beiore Walter I -aw bean work
in ".eal.Misy." which appears asain
ioday at tiie Rcyal. he was cast in
another Wiiiiam Fox picture for
w.uch ne had been forced to raise a
beard. It was the. part of a Scotch
! farmer, and Mr. La- let hi3 whiskers
I srov in a Touch and tumble fuzz all
! iiloas his chin.
I The actor was proud of this beard.
which he had carefully cultivated for
soeral weeks before work in th-
j photoplay. When he first called at the
i Cliffside. N. J.. studios, for work in
j tho Sin ait photoplay, he still wore the
(adornment. He talked for a few min-
utes witn Director
Davis, and then
turned away.
A mail standing by the door stopped
him.
"That's a wonderful beard you've
got." he said. "It's an artistic thing.
It looks just like real."
Waller Law was surprised too
surprised to answer.
So the man continued.
"Yon are an expert at make-up."
he said. "You ought to give lessons
in it. One can scarcely see the spots
of gum."
Still Walter Law didn't answer. He
just stopped and thought. Here wos
a man. an entire stranger, commend
ing him for something he hadn't don.'.
Would it be right to take the credit?
Still, the man was insulting him by
clainiing that the thing of which I-aw
was proudest was unreal. Would it
not be ri--ht to rebuff the man by
leaving him in the notion that he was
right? Besides, it would be much
more interesting.
"Yes." I.aw finally said, dryly, "I
think it's a fine piece of work." And
he swept by the man before any moie
could bf said.
"That's the trouble wi'h life." Iw
phtlosophued afterwards. "We neer
get credit for the good we do. and
we're always accused of being fa!.-.-."
I straighten cross eyes with
glasses. 1 guarantee it. All
cases of weak, watery, inflam
ed eyes, or what is called tra
choma is soon cleared awaj'
with my method. Opticians
and optometrist give glasses
to see through only as they do
not understand how to handle
eyes that are suffering from
muscular troubles. If you
need an artificial e'e, coll and
scp me. Douglas every Mon-
d.iv. Bishce. Mt?r Block mv
pc;m.jiicni olficcs the balams
of tho neck.
PR. K. GLAZt; Neurologist.
m. . -i-i i
note I here is
now tx-idl
ing a bill to prohibit false ad
vertising. hen it passes
opticians and optometrist
w:ll r.ot be allowed to use the
title doctor as they are now
..,:... SIX
' ien which doubtless be eonduct
t.! us it p'viMinn ir mi other rca
r.iin, should insure much industrial nc
livity arid tons )iieiitl better profit.
Tee Reasons
Mining and Financial News
!
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
NEW YORK. Ton. 3 The sto k
market's resiwmse in Ihe breaking off
of relations with Germany was a and-
den unrush of prices, many shares
comprising l'!, vv:,r '"lass recnv ring
from early declines of two to five
points and-finishing at net Euins of
three to ten, while Bethlehem Steel,
lieavv at the outset, closed at a sain
( an nninia t rnitnit ?ntea steel
more than any other speculative fa -
vorile was d'te the buoyant rally of
the latter part of the brief session,
More than irt0.l shares of steel
common changed hands, lis inaxi -
nm?i'. of the day was i4', and its ft -
ial figure 104, a net pain of
Other striking reversals from the
Uncertainty and hesitation of the first
lour im linli d Industrial Alcohol,
which advanced to after d-clin-
in'.: to 1111-.' Central Leather at a
tain of SI',, General Motots S. Reptth -
lie 9, Texas Company 10, Crucible
Steel fi, and Airbrake ,r. Coppers
rose two to three points. Utah show -
ins marked firmness, even when
manifesting irregularity.
Relatively rails were less prominent
5n the buying and covering movements
Reading. New York Central, Athlson
and Northern Pacific finished the day
at substantial advances. Total sales
1.073,000 shares.
I!onds failed to keep pace with Uio
stock list, all international issues ex
ceot American Foreign Securities,
Tallin? to lowest quotations yet re
ported. Total sales, par value, $3
350,000. U. S. Bom's were unchanged on call
dm ins, the week.
Chicago Grains.
CHICAGO. Feb. 3. Wheat prices
went skyward today after a down
plunge of six cents. The rise follow
ing amounted to fourteen cents, the
greatest chance values have shown
in a single day since the beginning
of the European war.
The close was wild in wheat at
J1.67T to $1.683i for May and $1.47i
to $1.48,.for July, with last trading
as a whole 33c to 7c above yester
day's finish. Corn wound up at a
net advance of one cent to l'fcc and
oats with a pain of c to one cent.
In provisions the result varied from
, 7 cents to a rise of 5 cents.
Demand for wheat on the ascent
of- prices largely came from houses
that were said to have sold short
millions of bushels.
Efforts to even up short sales tf
wheat and to get out of the market
before tile week-end were conducted
on a huge scale those caught on the
bear side. Some bullish sentiment
was engendered by assertions, that
with the navies of England. France
and United States patrolling the
ocean, shipping will be facilitated
rather than hampered. Final quota
tions were within one-eighth cent oTj
the highest level of the season.
Corn and oats, like wheat, dis-
pmjeu temporary ai-uie weanness.
Provisions gave v ay as much as r,7 i
cents in some cases. In the end
though, the market averaged exactly
the same as before relations with
Germany were cut.
(By L. J. Overlock.)
NEW YORK.
Anaconda
American Can
American Car
39
60
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
AND
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
OFFICES:
Bisbee
Douglas
Globe
Jerom
Preicott
Phoenix
P. O. BOX 279
Oatnian
Stocks
Ameru an I-nenmotivc OS
- !
American Smeller !!
American Susar 105
i Atrliison 10-"k
I Halt irnore & Ohio
ltaldwin
ncthlchem Steel .
I Chesapeake & Ohio
4(f I I
roi
'rolnV.nln Fuel & Iron 42li
I r-.,r,o.i;., r-iriri- i-.c.s:
1 Crucible ri
J Distillers
j En,.
i Cnodrirh
' General Motors . .
j industrial Alrohol
'M.iiine .
! Marine Pfd
21.
110
'
Maxwell .
i Mexican Petroleum S7
New York Central
i Northern Pacific
, Pennsylvania
: Reading '.
94"-;
Idavi
r4 ta
92
Republic Steel 72
; Rubber "
j Rtudebaker lOO'-fc
Steel 104
j Steel Pfd 120
fit Paul 8.V,6
: Southern Pacific 92
Union Pacific 134
) Cnited Fruit 137
j r. S. Metal ."fi
Westinghouse ,
BOSTON.
Adventure
Allouez
Arizona Commercial . .
American zinc
42
n
j Alaska S'4
Butte 40's
Calumet & Arizona 7."
Calumet & Hecla 530
Copper Range 59
Chino . 50
East Butte 12&
Gran by 77,i
Green Cananea 42
Goldfield 55
Hancock IS
Indiana 2i
Inspiration 55
Kennecott .... 42',i
Keweenaw 4
Lake 13
La Salle 4V
Miami 35
Mohawk . 7S '
Mayllower 2', 4 I
Nevada 22
North Butte 21
Nipissing S'i I
Old Dominion 5SVi
Osceola 791,
Pond Creek . 1$'
Quincy 87
Ray Consolidated 243
Shannon 7Ti
Sliattuck 25
Superior Boston 5'i
Tamarack 49
Utah Copper 106
Utah Consolidated lfi1
Winona
CURBS.
Arkansas & Arizona .
50
4
jij IeJp
iti. i;m "
117
Butte & London 24
Calumet & Jerome
Cornelia
Denn
Dundee
Emma
Fort
Vm
17
17
1I
1'4 ,
11 j
2
Gadsden
Green Monster 1 7-16
Grand Island 05
i Gold Reed 5
Howe Sound 6
IIppIt 7
t Hull 45
Inspiration Needles j
Jerome Verde 1 7-16 j
Jerome Victor 2
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Miami Consolidated
Monster Chief
Pittsburg Jerome
Santa Rita
46
Tom Reed 1.95
United Eastern 4
United Western 3 :
i Verde
34'Aia
Verde Combination
Warren
Wolverine Arizona
"6
9
1-4
NEW YORK, Feb. 3 Absorption
of stocks by investors as well as by
shorts was insufficient volume to call
at least, temporarily, a halt to the
declining tendency. Reports from
Washington signified that a critical
state of affairs is In prospect and
Judging by 11 signs the severence
of diplomatic relations is a stern
reality which has to be contended
with in reckoning with respect to the
future. The discriminating investor
would seem to te confronted with an
unus'.vti nnoituiiitv to m;.ke pur
chase for cash. Mere p'lt'cularly is
ru fi.r lt:e re t.;ori that foreign prices
will be again stimulated, which added
lo the Democratic military pro;to-i-
Direct Wire Connection with.
Jerome and All Our Offices.
R. ALLYN LEWIS
COPPER OUEEN HOTEL, BISBEE.
JOHN A. CAMPBELL. Manager.
BONDS, STOCKS, INVESTMENTS
Order Executed for Cash or on Proper Margin
E. F. Hutton & Co's Private
Leased Wire to All Exchanges
OATMAN STOCKS.
( Ity Collins & Iwelherlon.l
J
' r"0
tid. Ask.
.07
.f'S .14
.25
.n; .mi
1.1C MS
.20 .30
.04 .00
.07 .13
.10
.35
.04 .05
.11 .15
.10
.16
.12 .30
.20
.ISO 1.25
4.35 4.50
.07
.03 .00
2.C2
1.30 1.42
.20 .24
1.C2 1.75
.17
.50 1.00
1.30 1.42
.35 .50
.37 .60
.40 .45
.C2 .75
1.55
.50
.75 . .87
.27 .32
1.00
.05
.75
.27
.75
9.00
.42
Adams . . .
Arizona Rex
Ark-.ri.7otia
rtir Jim
iiounuarv iono
'Carter Gold 04
, Fesenden
Gold Reed
Cold Cliff ..'
Ivanhoe
Lucky Boy
.M rry Widow
Caiman Combination
.Sunnyside
Telluride
Tom Reed
United Eastern
I'nited Northern .
Cnited Western
OTHER CU
Gadsden
Green Monster
Dundee
Venture Hill .
Pit is-Jerome .
Jerome Verde
Ark. Arl zona
Ins.-Needles .
Hull Copper .
Woiv.-Arizona
Miami Mother Lode
Verde Combination ...
Miami Consolidated ..
Hisbee Copper
Butte Arizona
Ixmisiana Arizona ...
Santa Cruz Ilisbee . . .
Jerome Daisy
IW
Ns
Warren
acozari Consolidated
I NOTE TELLS
F
(Continued From Page One) '
consistent with the dignity and
honor of the United States but
to take the course which it ex
plicitly announced in' its note of
April IS, 191C, it would take in
the event that the imperial gov- ,
eminent did not declare and ef
fect an abatement of the methods
of submarine warefare t".:cn em
ployed and to which the imperial
government no' purposes again
to resort.
Sever With Germany.
"The President has, therefore,
directed me to announce to your '
excellency that all diplomatic, re- ;
lations between the United States '
and the German empire are sev
ered, and that the American am
bassador at Berlin will be imme
diately withdrawn and in accord
ance with such announcement to
deliver "your excellency your
passports.
"I have the honor to be,
"Your excellency's obedient ser
vant, "ROBERT LANSING."
.-. V '..
HOUSE BILL CALLS FOR
$500,000,000 FOR .ARMS.
WASHINGTON, Feb. '3. Senator
Thomas today introduced an amend-
nu nl lo lne "ouse revenue bill pfo-
pusiuK u issue 01 oUU,uuu,uuu noit-
interest bearing treasury. notes to put
lllc 'u a. uiic oi uavai aaa
. military preparedness."
CARRANZA TO HOLD
ELECTION IN MARCH
j QUERETARO. Feb. 3. General
' Carranza. it van unnonnrpit Imlav will
2 issue a call immediately for the elec
j tioa of a president, senators and
. deputies to take place the second
1 I Snndiiv in M:ireh
t j ...
GREEK STEAMER SUNK.
DIJON, Spain, Feb. 3. The Greek
IT ,,1," .. 1. , . 1 j l
, oivauin iiciilul nan uixu LUI ucuuru U.
suhniarine. Lifeboats eontainincr
the crew of the vessel arrived here
today.
i
Ask Art
HE KNOWS
DR. BAKER, Optometrist, at Hotel
Victoria, Bisbee, one week, beginning
Saturday, February 3.
The same critical
examination for the
purpose of fitting
glasses, taug'it and
recommended by
the highest ac
knowledged authorities.
F'hone 54.
CORRESPONDENT
E.F. Hutton & Co.
Members New York
8tock Exchange
TELEPHONE
13S
i
Aegletoe O
Company
CALLS0UT TROOPS
(Continued From Page One)
- White House Closed.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 3. Precau
tions to safeguard naval stations, ar
my posts and arsenals, and other ser
vice property constitute the military
measure taken by the government to
night following the severance of re
lations with Germany.
President Wilson conferred briefly
after bis address to congress with
Secretary Baiter and Secretary Dan
iels. The conference, it was stated,
bad to do entirely with precautionary
steps, although the secretaries also
probably gave some general informa
tion as to the nation's preparedness
for war.
It was made clear that the admin
istration had no desire to take war
like measures unless forced to do so
by some act of Germany.
The following specific orders were
sent out during the day:
The White House and the White
House grounds were closed to visit
ors for the first time in many years.
No Order to Fleet
All navy yards and stations were
closed to the public, only employees
and officers and enlisted men of the
navy to be admitted until further
notice.
Officers commanding army posts,
arsenals, magazines, coast batteries
were declared to exercise every pre
caution. The state, war and navy building
was closed to visitors and cards of
identification were Issued to em
ployees and press representatives.
Publication of the daily ship move
ment list,' giving the departures and
arrivals of naval vessels, was sus
pended. Secretary Daniels said there was no
change in the orders of the Atlantic
fleet. "The fleet will continue ma
neuvering in the Gunntanamo region,"
be said.
Arsenal Watched.
DAVENPORT (la.), Feb. 3. Colo
nel George Burr, IT. S. A., command
ant at the Rock Island arsenal in the
Mississippi river, opposite here, to
night called in all passes except
those issued to employees and mem
bers of the garrison. A heavy gaurd
was posted around the buildings and
strangers barred from approaches to
the post.
The Rock Island arsenal Is one of
the largest government small arms
and ordnance stations in the I'nited
States.
There wasa report current that a
battalion of the Third Infantry. Io
wa National Guard, now en route from
Brownsville, Tex., to Des Moines to be
mustered out, would be sent to Daven
port to reinforce the arsenal guard,
but this could not be confirmed. Adju
tant General Guy E. Logan, at Des
Moines, said he had no instructions
from the war department to send
state troops to Davenport
Five million dollars worth of ammu
nition are stored in the arsenal at
the present time.
Why you should buy
Oil Land from the
1 800 Lots in 200 acres.
2 Brazoria County contains the largest wells
3 16 large Oil Companies drilling in this field.
4 Oil experts say Brazoria county will eclipse Tampico,
production of oil.
5 It is the finest Orange land in the State.
6 You pay no taxes or assessments.
7 We give one lot in 42 for a co-operative drilling site.
8- -You get a warranty deed for your land.
9 You get one share "with each lot.
i n Y7 l
:v -we nave no
F.
LOWELL
Ph.
one Ul.
U. S. FIRST GALL
WILL BE FOR THREE
MILLION TROOPS
(By Keview Leased wire)
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3 Without j
additional authority from Congress, :
President Wilson can direct that the
regiila rarmy be increased at once to
its full war strength of 286.000 men,
and the navy to 87.000.
There is in addition the national
guard, now about 150,0000 strong, and j
the full strength of which is 440.00, !
cannot be required unde rexisting law
within four years. The regular army
now numbers about 120,000 and would
not be recruited to full strength ex-
j cept on order of the President In an
'emergency of "threatened war."
The war and navy departments
were full of gossip today as to what !
steps lay beyond the severance of j
relations. So far as the fleet Is con-1
cerned, officials appeared to agree j
that its present situation was most
desirable evenif war is to come im-'
mediately. It Is highly improbable
that any element of the great orga
nized fighting unit of t,he navy would
be employed to convey or other duty 1
that would scatter its elements. j
Presumably navy practice would fol-'
low that of other countries in the
event of war and the fleet be kept
in some secret mobilization point
ready to strike in any direction in
which its fighting strength might be
needed.
It rests with the President what
army policy is to be followed if war i
comes. Tlie uanimous opinion ot ttie
general staff has been that in pros
pect of war wit ha first class power.
3,000,000 or more men would be
trained.
PERSECUTED BISHOP
DIES IN MEXICO CITY.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 3. The Most
Rev. Jose Ranrtm Ibarra y Gonzales,
archbishop of Puebla, died here to
day. LATE WAR BRIEFS
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3. The Presi
dent spent the entire evening alone
in his study examining reports and
reading of precedents applicable to
the present situation.
HONOLULU, Feb. 3. The troops
at Scofield barracks have been or
dered into Honoluluand plans were
completed today for them to camp In
the capital grounds, where, it was
announced, they would be ready for
any emergency. The cruiser St. Louis
Is patroling the harbor entrance.
BREMERTON (Wash.), Feb. 3
Orders were Issued at the Puget
Sound navy yard today putting the
mechanical force at the yard on a 24
hour basis beginning Sunday morning.
Work on ships under repair will be
rushed.
HARTFORD, Conn., Feb. 3. Cover-
.i
II and Gas
Brazoria
-it l . . i . i
sneii roans or town lots to grade. Jur drilling sites
are so arranged that it will not be necessary
one.
For full particulars. See
Brigg
ft
s cz.
E. B. Mason BWg.,
nor Holcomb today received a tele-
phone message from Secretary of
jVAar Baker, it was learned tonight,
! directing him to take necessary steps
to insure the readiness of the Nation-
al Guard of the state for any orders
mai raignc come, i tie governor or
aerea that all armories be guarded.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 3. A cordon of
police was thrown around the First
R'ment armory here early today tol-
"'ng reports at polite headquarters
that an attempt would be made to
blow up the armory.
PORTLAND, Orel Feb. 3. Add! -
tional Oregon militiamen were added
to the usual night guard at the Na
tional Guard armory here tonigM.
SPOKANE. Wash., Feb. 3. Captr.iu
D. A. Maurier and a score of members
"MONTANA'S PRETTIEST" AT PALM BEACH
30C
v
i'-e-. v
4K
V .
to
,V..-i ,; '""v.; "-S.,'a-
Miss Lucille Miller
l:ss Lucille Miller, who is repined Ut he the most beautiful erirl in thi
'ulo staie of Montana, winter.r.t at I 'aim I!a-h. Miss Miller had U
Hake a trip of Un,t :i.0Q0 miles to j
'.iithin i-oi'ld stand in her way. ir'he
Ai the sUlf.
County
iTexas
in the State.
exico in
to drill two wells in
Co.
ARIZONA.
- P. O. Box 3007
of the three local National Guards
companies are guarding the state arm-
ory here tonight.
EL PASO, Feb. 3. The Second
Pennsylvania Artillery left late today
- for Pittsburg
;JOE KINGSTON DIES.
Joe Kingston, the young son of V.".
H. Kingston, paymaster for the Cop-
per Queen, died of pneumonia early
Hits morning at the Copper Queen
hospital, after an illness of less than
ja week. He was a student of Loretto
t Academy.
'
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take LAXATIVE EROJIO QUININE
tablets. Stop the Cough and Headache
and work off the Cold. Druggists refund
money :f it fails to cure. E. W. Grove's
signature is oa each box. 25 cents.
ft
Ml
.. . . .
4
IT
4.
: 1
t
at Palm Beach.
ni t the popular winter resort.
shown h'.rc oniir.ij in after a
hit: THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW7, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 4, 1917.
SEVEN
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under tl&i ied
ssue w!tb a minimum char? of -&
tevipw office not iter than 4 p. m.
T
Wanted
WANTED Chicken
poultry. Box 1397
wire,
furniture.
140
WANTED When wanting help or
wanting employment call up 626.
3S5
WANTED To buy from 3 to 5 room
house on level ground close to car
line. L. E. R.. Review. 859
WANTED Capable dress maker to
teach trade to young lady. Phone
653. 28
WANTED An experienced dishwash
er, no other need apply. Warner
Hotel. 156
WANT to rent one room or small
cabin for batching, furnished or un
furnished. C. H. R., care Review.
125
WANTED Old false teeth, don't mat
ter if broken. I pay $1 to $5 per
set. Mail to L. Mazer, 2007 S.Fifth
st., Philadelphia, Pa. Will send
cash by retusn mail. 139
PROFESSIONAL CABOS
U B. WHITNEY, Lawyer. Rooms E-6
Allen Block. Open evenings. Phone
647. (109)
Contractor and builder. W. F. White,
rhone Green 46S. 21 O. K. Street.
27
High grade portraits, up to date
frames. E. Bushong, Bailey Hotel,
Box 2149. 281
THE MOOSE HOTEL fOId Kinney
House) Furnished rooms (2 per
week and up. with ess: also light
housekeeping rooms 178
FIRST-CLASS painting or paper hang
ing by day work or contract. H.
Johnson & Cc, phone Blue 764.
Fosioffice box 1715. 107
P. J. McCuIIough, contractor. Phone
20. Box 934. Excavating, retain
ing walls, concrete houses, wells
and mining work is my specialty.
221 i
REOPENING of old Mason black
smith shop. Horse shoeing, buggy
work and automobile spring welding j
a specialty. Call and see me, I will
treat you right. J. L. Strayick,
Prop. ' 206
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms. '
26 Montana st., Johnson addition. I
140 i
FOR RENT Six room house in War
ren, vacant February 15. A. J.
Fairclaugh. 99
FOR RENT Good light room for one
or t'o men in good location, Lowell
Inquire P. O. Box 3643 Lowell. 30
FOR RENT One-man cabin, fur-
nished for batching. 176 Naco Road, ;
Holbrook stop. 124 j
FOR RENT A large, -neat, well-furnished
room, suitable for one or
two gentlemen. 10 Garden Hill,
near B. I. Ice riant. 144
FOR RENT Furnished room, pri- j
vate family, close in. 31 Ciawson j
ave., opposite High School. 106 I
Salesmen
AGENTS WANTED for article which
no housewife can resist. Sells at
almost every home. Byron Howe
Sales Co., box 355. Station C, Los
Angeles, Cal 104
MONEY Large profit in new vend
ing machine enterprise, a money
maker. United Mercantile Co., 1
Wall st.. New York City. , 103
SALESMAN Capable specialty man
f-r Arizona; staple line on new and
exceptional terms; vacancy now; at
tractive commission contract: $35
weekly for expenses. Mils F. Bix
ler Co.. 75 Carlin Bids. Cleveland.
Ohio. -108'
FETEY DINK Petey Blurbs
on v,e n
' ,rT3ABtw Meet The.
-jJ i;::'rHi.lERS AI.'O
. o.- I-, AT
( Cot-i To PALVi
"EACH
7 -
'.''
I "
at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
cents. Advertlse-ients must reach Tbt
for Insertion in the next morning paper
FOUND
FOUND Purse containing valuable
jewelry, owner can have by calling
at the city marshal's office and
proving property. 861
For Sale.
FOR SALE Ford, a bargain,
High, Allen Block.
m. a
248
FOR SALE Sis-room bouse; furnish
ed. 123 Quarry Canyon.
895
FOR SALE New dining room
12 Garden Hill, Lowell.
set.
146
FOR SALE One Sterling piano. In
quire Arizona Grocery Store. 52
FOR SALE Piano, $150, $10 cash. $6
per month; no interest. W. Muir
(next Wells Fargo). 109
FOR SALE Lockie House, School
Hill. Terms. Apply R. T. Lockie,
1011 East Boulevard, EI Past), Tex. j
(434)
FOR SALE Singer sewing machine
and cook stove. John Charon,
Tombstone Canyon, opposite Bar
num stop. - 149
CONCRETE block house. Warren;
four rooms, bath, two closets, pan
try, two porches, 20x20 garage,
$700 cash, balance like rent Write
L. E. M., box 1815, Bisbee, Ariz. 79
FOR SALE One six-room frame and
concrete house, 68 Opera drive, suit
able for boarding house. $1,600;
$1,000 cash, balance monthly. ' Mild
Rafaelovich. 131
ru bAi-une 4-room house, large
level; off road; no hill to cli"'b;
small payment down.
Scott, Wood Canyon.
See
Ben
110
FOR SALE 2 lots in Salt Lake City,
Utah, good location close in, will
accept Ford auto as part payment,
balance monthly payments. For
particulars inquire F. J. Keogh, old
Mason shop, Lowell. 377
FOR SALE Two months old Aire
j dale puppies from my winning dog,
big bone and dark eyes and every
inch . terrier. If you want a good
one this is your chance. R.- A.
Gray, 1040 E. McDowell. Phcenix,
Ariz. 109
i BEAUTIFUL seashore homesites only
$20. Special sale lots at Alamo
Beach. Tex., famous bayshore re
sort. First 100 lots $l'0. Ter ns $1
I cash, $1 monthly. Lots 50x140 feet
Splendid investment Write for
free literature and views. Alamo
' Beach Company, 441 First National
Bank, Houston, Tex. 142
FURNITURE FOR SALE The John
son Addition Furniture Co. wants
to pay you the highest-cash prices
for your second hand furniture. Al
so wants to trade or exchange you
new furniture for your old. Wa will
sell yon furniture cheaper than
anybody on easy payments. Call
in at the big brick building at the
Johnson Addition and let us show
you our large and selected stock of
house furnishings, or phone us at
our store. Phone 385, Johnson Ad
dition. Miscellaneous
If the party who took the plaid robe
from the automobile in front of V.
W r A TnnHnv evening will return
same to this office he will receive
$5 and no questions asked. 316
Learn actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer-;
Ing. Y. M.
alogs free.
C. A., Los Angeles. Cat-
955
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for all
kinds of work in our line. Pat Clea
ry, manager Box 1495. Phone 720.
fOR SALE Highest cash prices paid
for second band furniture, stoves,
in'hln and tools nnrle Jim's
Grower? Gulch. 31
as Much as the Women.
Out Vrn f-)irLi-T
To SlTE Tuti Lovflv
r4EVw GOVWrlS 1VE
UROEReO AMD
DST Ir-MWU.
HIS t I MS.
m
i.OST
LOST Diamond sunburst. Re' urn to
Mr. Emit Marks receive liberal re
ward. 108
LOYALTY TO WILSON "
VOICEDjy NATION
NEW YORK. Feb. 3. Pledges of
loyalty to the United States and Pres
ident Wilson by patriotic organiza
tions, representatives of industry and
many individuals followed closely the
news from Washington concerning
the break with Germany today.
William Fellows Morgan, president
of the Merchants' Association of New
York, sent a telegram to the Presi
dent on behalf of the five thousand
New York business and professional
men constituting the membership of
the association assuring him of "our
support in this national crisis."
Louis N. Hammerling, president of
the American Association of Foreign
Language Newspapers, representing
467 publications in many different
languages, sent a telegram pledging
i support of his association.
"Our membership, the messago
stated, "regardless of irigin or sym
pathy for various European belliger
ents, endorses your stand and pledges
its resources and loyalty to support
you in your efforts to maintain Abit-
Jican rights which are those of the
whole neutral world."
The United States Eastern Aero
plane Corporation wired the War Bsj
partment that the company's factory
and aviation school in Brooklyn are at
the disposal of the government, and
that the government "can have any
thing we have or can provide."
Flags were displayed from the win
dows of many of the down Town "skv
Scrapers" tonight ank in the hotels
and restaurants, as well as theatres
and other places of amusement up
town, where crowds congregated, evi
dence of patriotism were vverywhere
shown.
. A plan to mobolize the women of
the home, office, farm and factory, so
that in the event of war they will be
ready to give the utmost service to
the country, was announced toiright
by the League for Women's Service,
formed as a result of the congress of
constructive patriotism recently held
in Washington. Headquarters of the
league were established here today.
Branches, it was said, would at once
be organized throughout the country.
v
TAKE SALTS TO
FLUSH KIDNEYS
Eat less meat if you feel Back
achy or Bladder troubles
you Salts is fine for
Kidneys.
Meat forms uric acid which excites
and overworks the kidneys in their
efforts to filter it front the system.
Regular eaters Yf meat must flush
the kidneys occasionally. You must
relieve them like you relieve your
bowels; removing all the acids, waste
and poison, else you feel a dull misery
In the kidney regfjn, sharp pains in
the back or sick headache, dizziness,
your stomach sours," tongue is coated
and when the weather is bad you have
rheumatic twinges. The urine is
cloudy, full of sediment; the channels
often get irritated, obliging you to get
up two or three times during the night.
To neutralize these irritating acids
and flush off the body's urinous waste
(get about four ounces of Jad Salts
.from any pharmacy; tike a tablespoon-
ful in a glass of water before break
fast for a few days and your kidneys
wiu then act fine and bladder
dis-
orders disaoncar. This famous salts
is niade from the acid of grapes and j
lemon juice, cvruDined witn iitnia, ana -has
been used for generations to clean
and stimulate sluggish kidneys and ,
stop bladder irritation. Jad Salts is j
Inexpensive; harmless and makes at
delightful effervescent lithia-water !
drink which millions ot men and wo
men take now and then, thus avoiding
serious kidney and bladder diseases.
(Advertisement)
VIOMAW 5ToP "BcrciuG-l
People HalfTodeaTm
VITM "TUis Pai Kt
Trip GEE
Vfi-112., n-AT5 Act
.
PRESIDENT ORDERS
BREAK WIT J GERMANY
(Continued From I'age One)
All Washington Present.
President Wilson kept himself in
seclusion during the niornins, except
for a brief conference with Secre
tary Lansing, until he le!t the White
House for the Capitol shortly before
2 o'clock. In preparation for the his
tory making event, the Senate and
House had assembled in the hall ot
the latter body. Justices of the su
preme court ha dseats on the floor,
the cabinet sat in a reserve space.
Ambassador Jusserand of France oc
cupied his leserve seat in the diplo
matic gallery, which a packed,
principally with neutrals, who came to
hear words of far-reachink import
ance affecting their own governments.
Cheers for Wilson.
As usual, a committee of congress
men met the President and escorted
him to the speaker's dais. The whole
body rose and cheered as the Presi
dent, acknowledging their greetings
without his usual smile, but grim
faced and solemn, took his place at
(ha 1orlra Woalr QTtrl hpi'Q n tHj'iHinn' I
,...o.
the document which, is being heard
"round the world."
Not a sound came from floor or
gallery but the cl?ar calm tones of
the President reading slowly and dis
tinctly. The assemblage of senators,
representatives and notables about
him listened with closest attention to
words which may record- one of the
sombre moments of American history,
if not indeed of the world. Briefly
he told how last April the United
States warned Germany after the de- one flying the American flag, laden
struction of the Sussex that unless with munitions and other rich car
the imperial government declared and I goes destined for the war zone, sail
effected an abandonment of that sort j cd from here today. They are the
of submarine warfare the United British ships Moudip Range for L"ith
States would have no choice hut to
sever diplomatic relations altogether.
Then he quoted from the German rc-
ply which gave assurance sthat no
ships would be sunk without warning
and provision for safety of passeng
ers and crew. He recounted the pro
vision the German government at
tached which in effect reserved to it
self the right to recant its promises
if the United States did not secure
relaxation of the British restraint on
commerce, and quoted from the reply
of the United States which refused
to consider a conditional pledge ?nd
gave Germany final warning that it
could not entertain or discuss any
such suggestion.
The President did not. refer to the
long list of suhmprine- oprations
which have been conducted In Vioia
lioui ol '.'.r: s-us.MiA pled b-t wc
ceeded at once to the new war zone
order which became effective Febru
ary 1.
Honor Compels Break.
When he told how the German
proclamation left nothing for the
honor and dignity of the United
States but a break in relations
and that he had ordered passports
sent to von Bernstorff and a re
call of Gerard, the assemblage
broke into a cheer in which Re
publicans and Democrats alike
joined. More applause greeted his
declaration that only an overt
act could convince him that Ger-.
many intended to' violate' Ameri
can lives nd rights, and there
was prolonged applause and
cheering when he concluded by
announcing that should American
ships and lives be sacrificed "in
heedless contravention of the just
and reasonable understanding of
international law and the obvi
ous dictates of humanity," he
would aain appear before Con
gress to ask authority to "use
any means that m;y be neces
sary for the protection of ur sea
men and our people.
Act Pleases All.
As he concluded, there were cheers
of approal from both sides of the v
chamber, and I be President returned
to the White House to discuss meas
ures of precaution with Secretary
Daniels of the navy and Secretary
Haker of the war department. There
were expressions of support and ap
proval of the President's course. As
the joint session dissolved, the houses
went back to their work.
Soon after Count von Bernstorff s
passports arrived. United States se-
J f . Kv 'X -III Vli
rret sen ice men threw a guard about
the ambassador and his suite to maice
CTtaln fnjt the hospitality of the
United Slaies is i.ol violated while
herenmin s on Amcriinn soil. The
status ot fount Tara'i'vski, the Aus
trian aniuassaiior, was uru'ecided al
though he called at the state depart
ment to arrange for presenting his
credentials to President Wilson.
U. S. Wary of Hyphens.
For months since relations with
Germany became acute, there have
been ominous siKns of threatened ac
tivities of German sympathizers and
disloyal Americans if diplomatic re
lations were broken off. The admin
tiation has not been unmindful of
these. Various branches of the gov
ernment have informed them cn the
subject far more completely than
misht be thought
Officials expicts uietiisclvcs as ut
isfied that iii- y will lo able to cope
with the situation. In uie ar;-iy and
navy, and in the citizenship fcinerally,
officials realize that tile co'iitosite
character of Amcri mi rationality
makes it difficult not to find some
persons who will express tytiip:.thy
with the land f their birth. The at
tempt to sink the torpedo Jacob Jones
at Philadelphia today is recognized as
an in:;tani-e i.f 201:12 of th-? things
that may
GERMAN STEAMSEIP3
SEIZED U. S.
! (Continued From Page One)
Disregarding the new sea peril an-
I nounced by Germany, four steamers,
and Snxoleine for Havre: tile Italian
liner ItaHa for Genoa and the Nor
wegian ship Admiialen for Liverpool.
i Among the half dozen steamers that
! cleared for foreign ports was the
American tau'ier Gold Shell for Bor
deaux and Rouen, France.
Steamer Crisiplcd.
BOSTON, Fib. r The North Cr
an Lloyd liner Kronprinzessen Ce
celie, which -vas seized by the United
States Marshal Mitchel on a, civil
process tj:,ight, was found to be
cripi-led beyond possibilty of early
urenuilnss, according to an official
v'..o. u?.-'Ut-"J in the seizure. The
liner's boilers were said to have been
cleared of all water, the fires were
Luiiim..; at tyy ccpacity am! countless
valves in the engine room had been
;.--.tt i'i .tci'. t'T" if; v- ' or rcnovoC
entirely, this official said.
In Canal Zone.
PANA?.:A, Feb. 3. Four Hamburg
American line Fteaers, which have
been in Cristobal harbor, were seized
this afternoon by the canal zone au
thorities. 'Night harbor traffic at
Crh'tobal has been stopped and strict
protective measures have been taken
throughout the canal zone.
The steamers seized are the Savoia
of 2,614 gross tons, the Grunewald
of 4.707 gross tons, the Sachsenwald
of 3,5,"! gross tons, and the I'rinz
Sigisniund of 4.tS!) gross tons.
The vessels have teen in the har
bor since the beginning of the war.
A MILLION DOLLARS FOR SMALL
INVESTORS Would you invest
vih a man whose enterprises have
paid as hij-h as :!(' ; a month to
shur'.olders. Hoffman Compa
nies made a million dollars . profit
for si-all investors. The Hoffman
Oil & Refining Corporation, orga
nized by the saTne man. offers the
opportunity. $10 shares now at
special prices of ."0 each. For
putii-::l;i!s. wiile J. K. Fowler, in
vestment banker, 303 First National
Hank Houston, Tex. . 141
euura cf counterfeits
t AWIWK OF THE
I Sfiyra BLADDER :
I Viva & tw24 Hours j :
C afciS'' nauio .-
C euura cf counterfeits i
- u ,
I ir I ' A 3 Fr-j."vl I Mil I
..Lodge
WEEK ENDING FEBRUARY 10.
Mundcy First degree.
Thursday Chapter regular
Friday
Saturoay
N. C. BLEDSOE, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. & A. M.
A. M. COLWELL. E. II. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. I. M.
j. E. FRY. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secy. Chapter &
Commander)'
W. R. BANKS. Secy. Council.
luuus nu. t.
Regular meeting flrst and third
Friday of each month. Visiting broth
era cordially invited to attend.
CHARLES S BEAR Exalted Ruler
n. B. COOVER Secretary.
B'SBEE LODGE NO. 10, I. O. O. F.
meets every
Wednesday
evening at
Odd Fellows
Hall, Main street at 7:00 p. m. Visit
ing brothers cordially Invited to at
tend. Hall phone 119.
CARL V. NELSON, N. G.
G. A. PLUNKETT. Secretary
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
DREADNO'"5HT.
L. O. L.
10.
.ets In"L O
v. F. Hall sec
ond and fourtl
Saturday a i
7:30 p. m. Vis
ing Brother
cordially in
vited to attend
GEO. SLEE
MAN, W. M
Secy., Box 42
ROB'T FERGUS,
Bisbee.
JiOP ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meet In Medigovtci
tall, second and fount
Tuesdays each month
Visiting r-.roiters we!
come
HOMER C. TREKS
Councilor
W. A. CUNNINliKA.V
Recording Sec'j
KNIGHTS &. LADIES OF SECURITY.
BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every Thursday at Union
Hall, 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited.
Frederick J. Attaway, president;
E. Liiwjuist, financier, box 3246, Low
ell; Inez McKinney, secretary, Low
ell. Advertisement
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
of Cochise County, State of Arizona.
NOTICE OF HEARING PETITION.
In the matter of the Estate of Jo
seph Julyan, Deceased.
Notice is hereby given that James
H. Jones and Mrs. Annie Waters have
Cled in this Court a certain document
purporting to be the last Will and
Testament of Joseph Julyan, together
with their petition praying that said
document be admitted to probate in
this Court as the hist Will and Testa
ment of said Joseph Julyan who, said
petitioners allege, js deceased, and
that letters of administration with the
will annexed be issued to James H.
Jones, and that same will be heard
on Saturday, the 17th day of Febru
ary, A. l. UJ17. at 10:00 o'clock in the
forenoon of said day. at the- court
room of said Court, in the Court
House, in the City of Tombstone,
County of Cochise, State of Arizona,
and all persons interested iu said es
tate are notitied then and there to ap
pear and show cause, if any they
have, why the prayer of said petition
ers should not be granted.
J. E. JAMES. Clerk.
C. L. ALLEN. Deputy Clerk.
Dated January 27th, 1917.
; ;: ,-'ot with "tua-t
.1 . j rz ' 1 . . . 1 -j v
-VINE
4r
I
S ! f v,ih;M!'o; vine I U '-X
' S T7 m
' . 1 ' v. a-iv' , : -i. - " I
I! X 1- -
Notice
m m
KNIGm ;. OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lcde No. )
Knights of PythUt
meet each Thnrsda
(except second) la Od4
Fellows Hall at 7:36
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially Inrlted
EARL SOBLEY. C. C.
J. C. KRIGBATJM. K or a 3
t. f. a
FRATERNAL.
EOTHERHOOl
Bisbee Lodge No
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mori dan
5nv jLf eacn month
7:30 at Odd Fei
& lows HaU V1si
Ing members cordially Invited
H. L. FENNER. President
MRS. a E. FINOTTL Treason
Box 722, Tel. 23 S, Red
ATHERLNE SALHOLM Socrw,,
BISBEE LODGE NO. 71&
Meets every Friday uiku-.. .h
isltin brothers. CLiniiuU) urn
J. V. PETTEY, Plctatn'
KAY ROSS. Secretary
F O. E.
Bisbee Aerie lit
F. O. E. meets firs
and third Monday
8 p. m.. Eagle Hall
Visitors cordially welcome.
RICHARD DAVIS, President
M. D COHEN. Aerie Physician
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SE
CURITY. Meetings will be held every Thurs
day at Union Hall at 7:30 p. nr.. be-
I ginning February 1. Advertisement.
S32
WOODMEN C1RL.
Meets tn Mediucvicb Hal. ii n)
4rb Fridays of each month ili
PAULINE F. BROWN. Clerk,
P. O. Box 621
MObERM WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No
13113. Med Tu
day at Oe"4 Fellow
R. L. MOTZ.
, OjesuI
H V MATHEW SON.
Cb-.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Tenr.ii No. 3 meets every 2rd
and fourth Thursday evening o: e. h
uonth at Odd Feilows' Hall. V.sit.g
sisters are cordially invited.
ANNA HART. M. E. C.
JEANET SWEENEY, M. of R. C.
WOODMEN OF THE WQRLD
meet 1st and 3rd Wed
nesday t 7 --30 Brcphy
V itU.YVV
Hall.
L. WINTERS. C. a
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
Hall. All Woodmen invited.
I. O. R. M.
Meeta first and thlro
Thursdays at 7:30 p. 211
n Medlgovicu Hall All
visiting Red Men Invited
o attend.
JOHN KELLY", Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Milcine Maa
F. C. FENDERSOrt, ?. of R.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
Pearl Chapter No
meets tn Masonic Hal'
second and fourth Tue
day of each month at 7:3
p. m.
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS.
Worthy Matron
Phone 230 P. O. Box S41. Bisbee.
MRS. JESSE BEVAN. Sec'y P. O. Box
2299. Chairman Relief Com Pnn
By C. A. Volght
valm j
. ...
HcLHi EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 4, 1917.
Oroheum
n
Special
M
iieaire
atinee 2:30 P. M.
TODAY TODAY
THE THEODORE LORCH COMPANY PRESENTS
"THE ROSARY"
T"ir trr"T-rir'PT' m 4 V r;rn h'dittcm lnm oi fKrrv rw c r r r
inc. rici uui r ia i cvliv n ii i iui nun j. 111 vj w v ,
CLEAN COMEDY
PNEUMONIA VICTIM.
Harry Knvacich. a & A. minor,
jdleil 11I fii'M o'clock Friday riiflil tiT
pneumonia. Di:ascd viuh 41 wars
i til age arid is Mirwtt'il by u viilnu' a fid
j several children living in Austria.
I Funeral sen ires will he held ;it llie
Catholic church at 1:3 o'clock this
afternoon, tin Rev. Fai her Mamlin of
ficiating. COMING Mowlay our annual 1111
dcrmuslin sale. Phelps Dodge Mer
cantile Co. Adv.-l."'
-TONIGHT-
VV1LLARD J. MACK'S GREAT SUCCESS
"So Much For So Much"
A COMEDY DRAMA OF THE MILD UNDERWORLD
TURKEY DINNER TODAY
at the English Kitchen. 157
Advertisement.
ASSOCIATION MEETING.
The Arizona Children's Home As
sociation will meet at the homo of
Mrs. O. I. F.ngelder. at W; tiren. at
1:.'!0 p. ni. February 7. All Interested
in the work are invited.
Don't forget the Pythian Sifters
diince Thnrsiluy. February S, at S :.'!(
at the Odd Fellow, hall. Admission
$1. Good music. Ail.'.-- lul
The Catholic ladies will give a bas
ket social and dance at the Knights
of Columbus hall. Tuesday evening,
February 6, gentlemen 50c, ladies
free. Ladies please bring baskets.
Advertisement 151
DOORS OPEN AFTERNOON 2 P. M. - - - - - NIGHT 7:30 P. M.
FTERNOON PERFORMANCE 2:30 P. M. NIGHT 8:15 P. M.
SEATS ON SALE ALL DAY. - - ADMISSION 35, 50 AND 75 CENTS.
The Home of Real Reel Features
Continuous from 1 to 10.
WILLIAM FOX PRESENTS
VELASJCA SURATT
IN
Jealousy
Hell Hath No Fury Like a Woman Scorned
A William Fox Production in Five Acts.
ADMISSION
10 and 15 Cents.
Tickets Issued on Coupons Accepted for Any
Performance.
JOHN MERRILL VISITS.
John Merrill, of St. David, was a
visitor in His bee and vicinity yesterday.
1 Don't forget Sunday, February
IS. Advertisement. 154
SUSTAINS SPRAINED ANKLE.
Chris Wardich, a Shattuck miner,
sustained a sprained ankle in a minor
j mishap in the mine Friday.
SUSPECT SENTENCED.
Harvey Kilby, arrested Friday
night on suppicio nof having been im
plicated in several hold-ups , and
burglaries, was yesterday found guilty
on a vagrancy charge 'and sentenced
to 60 days in jail. Roy Kvans, a com
panion, will probably be arraigned
Monday on a charge of having loot
ed the ). P. Hickey store in Lowell
during the early part of last month.
Kvans yesterday admitted having
robbed the store. Kvans is believed
lo be wanted in the east for burglary
and assault.
Indies' Howling Club w ill meet with
Luc-ile Watkins on Monday. Febru
ary 5. Adv. 105
Expert repairing on fine watches
and jewelry; diamond setting, engrav
ing and general repairing. Minton,
the postoffice Jeweler, Lowell.
Advertisement. 343
2 At Brophy Hall, Lowell. 152
Advertisement.
I FROM CAPITAL CITY.
j Joe Strinker, of Phoenix, a former
j resident of Bisbee, was a visitor in
j the city yesterday, looking up old
, friends and absorbing the "war" news.
iMrs. Strinker was with him.
3 Warren District Social Club.
Advertisement 152
BASEBALL PRACTICE.
1 The Conner Oueen. C. &. A. and
Junction baseball teams will practice
at Warren park at 2:30 o'clock this
afternoon. The C. & A. band will
give a concert at Vista park at the
same time.
Centra
Theatre
Today Onl3' Commencing 3:00 P. M. Today Only
THE TRIANGLE FINE ARTS PRESENTS.
NORMA TALMADGE AND ALL-STAR CAST IN
The Social Secretary
A FINE ARTS PRODUCTION IN FIVE ACTS. ;
THE TRI ANGL E- KEYSTONE PRESENTS AN ALL
STAR CAST IN
"The Scoundrel's Toll"
A LAUGH FRODUCER IN TWO REELS.
ADMISSION - - - 10 AND 15 CENTS
Tickets Issued on Coupons Accepted for Any
i Performance.
TURKEY DINNER TODAY
at the Knglish Kitchen. 157
Advert isemert.
MINERS UNION DANCE.
At Union Hall, OK street' Sunday
evening, February 4- Dancing begins
at 8:30 o'clock. 107
Advertisement.
Do you know that M. Curran, the
automobile painter, is back on. the
job again. First cla-s automobile,
"arriage and wagon painting. Old Ma
son Building, Lott'i-11.
All Knights of Columbus, friends
and ladies cordially invited to attend
dance Thursday evening, February S,
at K. of C. hall. There will be card
playing for those not wishing to dance.
Advertisement l.r0
Dance and card party Thursday
night at K. of C. hall 150
Advertisement.
NOTICE.
The B. O. P.Club will bold a
meeting Sunday at 1 p. m. at city
hall. Adv. 130
EIGHT BOOTLEGGERS
PLEAD GUILTY IN
SUPERIOR COURT
Court Is Busy at Tombstone
With Sentencing Parties
Charged With Selling and
Transporting Whiskey.
(Special to the Review) .
TOMBSTONE. Feb. 3. There was
a rush of pleas or guilty in the su
perior court this morning on the part
of a number of parties charged with
selling and Introducing intoxicating
liquors.
Daniel Fiorina, of Bisbee, entered a
plea of guilty and wa sentenced to
serve a term of three months at lianl
labor tin the county roads and to pay
a tine or l.r,o. He was arrested for
selling whiskey in Brewery Gul h.
W. R. Oshea. of Douglas, entered a
plea of guilty and Was sentenced to!
serve a similar term and to pay thej
same amount. , 1
J. W. Wilson, a Douglas youth, was
given three months and required to
pay a line of $2.".
William Kluting, who was arrested
Friday night as he was bringing in a
lot of whiskey, pleaded guilty to in
troducing intoxicating liquors and was
sentenced to serve a term of three
months and to pay a fine of $50. On
the second charge of transporting, he
was given a two years suspended
sentence.
Walter Jones, a colored man from
Douglas, charged with selling whiskey,
was given sixty days and lined $25.
W. A. C.rahek, who was arrested
a few days ago with Mrs. Rosa Soto,
jf Lowell, entered a plea of guilty to
the charge of introducing and was
sentenced to serve a term of three
months and to pay a line of $150 and
on the charge of transporting he was
released on a two year suspended
sentence. The woman. Mrs. Soto, has
been released on a $500 cash bond.
P. J. M N'elis, of Courtland. wh'j
was caught with a shipment in a ma
chine near that place, entered a plea
of not guilty and was ordered released
on a $1000 bond. While be was be
ing brought into Tombstone he suc
ceeded in throwing out a part of the
goods that he had with him and a
search afterward for the missing evi
dence showed that some tne had
found It.
H. S. DeGroot, of Douglas, entered
a plea of guilty and he was released
on a suspended sentence on account
of the serious illness of his wife. He
was charged with selling whiskey.
The three Mexicans who were
caught with a machine load near Sil
ver Creek were brought up from Doug
las and are being held in default Jt
a $1000 bond each. They claim that
they were taking the whiskey through
to Cananea.
Plead Guilty.
Manuel Rivera and Esteban Chavez,
who were arrested in Bisbee a few
days ago on a charge of burglary, en
tered pleas of guilty nd were sent
encead to serve a term of not less
than three years in the state peniten
tiary. They were accused of break
ing into the home of Robert Sassie.
CJ CJ CJ We have an uncalled for suit that will fit
J CJ Cj YOU. Call and try it on, $20.00; also a
Cj iw CJ few tailor-made pants.
Millard
& Bateman
Cj Cj Cj Leading Tailors.
CJ CJ CJ Allen Block.
CJ CJ j Phone 140
INAUGURATION PUT
OFF BYWAR SCARE
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON'. Feb. 3. While no
decision has been reached officially,
there is. a very decided sentiment in
all official quarters to abandon the
public ceremonies of inauguration on
March 5 and simply have the Presi
dent take the oath of office in the
White House on Sunday. March 4.
The-army and navy reception at the
White House probably will be aban
doned. Those officials who favor abandon
ing the public ceremonies feel that
with the President facing such criti
cal international, affairs, the good of
the country demands that he shall
not be called upon to participate in
public functions.
BASKETBALL TONIGHT.
The Phelps Dodge basketball team
will play the Bisbee High School
Monday at 7 p. ni. at the Y. M. C.
A. gymnasium. This is the second
scheduled game of the "Y" basket
ball series.
Lineups.
P. D. Store Captain Fowler ami
Daly, guards: Ruffner, center: Cov
ington and Brunning. guards.
High School Wallace and McCrea.
guards: Campbell, center; Landon
and Wright, forwards.
There is no charge for admission.
Ask Art
ABOUT IT
RETURNS FROM COAST.
J. J. Bowen has returned from Los
Angeles where he visited Mrs. Bow-
en, who has been in California for ;
some some for her health. While in j
Los Angeles Mr. Bowen attended the !
conventions of the Firestone and
Studebaker representatives of Arizona
and California.
XEW spring suitings now in. Mil
lard & Bateman, Leading Tailors.
80
Save from $4 to $6 on tires at the
Hughes block. Adv. 145
Morrow Chiropodist removes corns.
bunions, ingrowing nails without pain.
, Instant relief, office 2 doors from city
t park. Brewery Gulch. Adv. 254.
THE O. K. RESTAURANT
on O. K. street .near the depot, has
been remodeled and will reopen on
Sunday, February 4, as a first-class
place, known as Heller's Restaurant. 1
A special 50-cent chicken dinner will
be served. Adv. U'9
TAKES TO THE TIMBER. ' I
Constable Bert Polley left last
night for the Huaehucas for a few j
days' vacation.
OFF TO GET VILLA.
For nice evening or street dresses
and tailored suits, see Mrs. S. T. Kir
by, 200 Tombstone Canyon, at Metz
car stop. - Adv. 147
CHlHrAHCA CITY. Feb. 3. Gen
eral Francisco, Murgiiia left today for
the south to take command of the
campaign, against Villa.' wh instead
of being in the west as rumored, 'Is
cow said t be south of here in the
vicinity of Santa Rosalia.
Theatre
"The House of Comfort"
TODAY ONLY. TODAY ONLY
Continuous from One to Ten P. M.
MOHAWK FILM CO. PRESENTS RALPH STUART
in James A. Hearn's Famous Drama
"Hearts of Qaii".
MUTUAL WEEKLY.
ADMISSION
10 and 15 Cts.
SHAW FUNERAL TODAY.
Funeral services for James B. Shaw,
who died Wednesday night in his
home in Moon Canyon, will be held
from the Palace Chapel at 3:30 'o'clock
this afternoon. The Rev. Charles W.
Harshman will officiate.
A great salving on tires end tubes:
investigate. Hughes block. 145
Advertisement.
TURKEY DINNER TODAY
at the Englfsh Kitchen. 157
Advertisement.
Our annual undermuslin sale starts
il the morning. Phelps Dodge Mer
cantile Co. Adv. 152
ORIGINAL BISB EE-TOMBSTONE
STAGE LINE. j
The original Tombstone stage leaves
daily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co. Thone 444. Leaves ,
punctually on time daily. 939
(Advertisement)
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath, 98 Mason
ill. Mason Hill car stop.
(Advertisement)
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE
Irwin Studio, Main Street. 857
Advertisement.
UP FROM BORDER.
Judge S. W. White, of Douglas,
passed through Bisbee yesterday
morning on his way to Tombstone,
where he went to attend to legal business.
Bisbee Homing Pigeon Club meets
at City Hall on Sunday. February 4,
nt 1:30 p. ni. All members requested
to attend. R. Williams. G D. 110
Advertisement.
Massage, manicuring, etc. Ladies
and gentlemen. Xeo-plastique mas
sage a specialty. Mrs. Elsie M. Saw
yer, neo-heanty Fhop, room 16, John
son Hotel. Adv 155
Ride on the American Stage Line,
Bisbee to Douglas. Phone 366.
OIL1 OILI OIL!
Buy oil land where the big wells
flow. We give 16 times more square
feet than any other company. One
well produced over 25,000 .barrels;
many 3,000 barrel wells. Low capi
talization. Literature and particulars
cheerfully givt n. F. Brings & Co.,
ageut Angleton Co-operative Oil H
Gas Company, Brazoiia county, Texas.
Thone 701, Lowell. Advertisement.
A REMINDER
How long since you sent a photo
of your self to your folks at home?
Dix Studio, Jakob Schmid Building,
Brewery Gulch. Adv. 309
$30 OVERCOATS FOR $20
Just a few more left. Miller's Shirt
& Hat Shop, Main St.
Advertisement. 309
FOR SALE Kmerson upriuht piano,
mahogany case, good condition,
terms if require, $1C0. Mrs. Reep,
1S3 Naco Road. 100
SEE our ad for details regarding
our undermuslin sale. Phelps Dodge
Mercantile Co. Adv. 152
A ear every hour, Bisbee to Doug
las. Good cars and careful drivers
American Stage Line. Phone 366.
Advertisement
HELLER'S RESTAURANT
On O. K. street, near the depot, for
merly known as the O. K. Restaurnni.
has b-en compl"tely renovated and
will open on Sunday, February 4. as
a first-class restaurant. A special
50-cent chicken dinner will be served.
Advertisement ICS
BOYS HAVE A GOOD TIME SUN
DAY, FEB. 18.
An interesting program is being
staged Sunday afternoon, Feb. IS.
at Brophy Hall. Main street, Lowell,
under auspices of the Warren District
Social Club.
An efficient committee of four Sal
Morgenstein, II. J. McCalmont,
"Dutch" Wilkins and N. J. Beck,,
"charges de affaires." are making ex
tensive efforts in stimulating interest
in the affair. A program for men j
from 4 to 6 p. m . consisting of boxing,
wrestling exhibitions, singing, musical
selections, cl-an jokes, etc., will vary
during the entertainment. The spe
cial feature will be the staging of a
pie-eating contest "blindfolded."
The program for ladies will be
mainly dancing, from 7:3ft to 12. with
god music; waxed floor. Tickets $1.
For sale at nil hading druggists in
Bi.--bee and Lowell. 1TA
Advertisement. '
agle Theatre
MONDAY ONLY
BERTRAND'S GREAT SPECIALTY COMPANY AND
METROPOLITAN ORCHESTRA
Do you like the Harp, Violin, Cornet, Trombone, Saxaphone, Guitar, Xylophone,
Drums, Banjo, Mandolins and Ukulele? If so, don't fail to come and witness this,
The Greatest Traveling Musical
Vaudeville Organization
STAR PERFORMERS FEATURED IN WONDERFUL TOE DANCE, THE
BALLET, SPANISH, EGYPTIAN, CLASSIC, INTERPRETIVE AND
ORIENTAL DANCES.
TWO PERFORMANCES, FIRST AT 6:45, SECOND 8:30.
ADMISSION ::::::: TWENTY-FIVE CENTS. MINING
SECTION
3 SOCIETY
SECTION
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 19. NO. 207.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 4, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
i
i
i
y
:1
1
PERTINENT ARE
s
OFFERED By
El
San Francisco Mining Engi
neer Writes of the Need of
Better Protecting Investing
Public From "Wild Cats."
SUGGESTS CENSORSHIP
OVER THE PROMOTION
Declares the Line of Demarka
tion Between Good and Bad
Propositions, Relating to
Ground, Is Indistinct.
Anent the agitation in favor of more
rigid restrictions over new mining
ventures, Percy Williams, a San
Francisco mining engineer, has made
some pertinent remarks and some
suggestions which would aid the legit
imate industry and yet protect the
investing public.
Williams' letter follows:
I have noticed that during tie pres
ent session of the Arizona State Legis
lature several bills have been, or are
abou to be, introduced whose objects
contemplate either a curtailment or
an enlargement of the powers of the
Arizona State corporation commis
sion. Inasmuch as the bulk of the busi
ness, at the. present time, coming be
fore the commission is concerned
ith the incorporation of new m.oing
companies it wouia seem mat a tnor-
ough analysis of the present scope
and powers of the commission and
the pronosed amendments thereto
should be initiated and fostered by
the mining fraternity of the State who
are Interested in the legitimate de
velopment of Its wonderful mineral
resources.
All mining engineers know that the
most difficult problems of the indus-
trv fnilav or a nni tcwhni.nl Kill Bra
financial problems; and the present I
would seem an appropriate time for
A candid discussion of the effects and
defects of commission control of
mining finance.
The elements involved in a safe and
sane legislative program dealing with
this subject ' are psychological rather
than scientific, i. e. they have more
to do with human frailities than with
the fundamental met its or demerits of
min'r.g as a business or a profession.
Long experience should have taught
us all that no one engineer or asso
ciation of engineers is either infalli
ble or a fitting court of last resort
when it comes to -passing judgment
upon any prospective mining venture:
but the bona fide and experienced
mining engineer and mining operator
is well qualified to pass upon the fi
nancial requirements of either a mine
speculation or a mine investment.
Recent history, not only at Jerome,
but elsewherewarns us that there is
rarely a bard and fast line that may
authoritatively be drawn between a
mining venture that may make good
and one that my not make good, the
only discernible difference between the
two laying in the fact that one ven
ture has more rock to break more
"dead work to accomplish than the
other venture before finding the large
ore body or the worthless "stringer,"
as the case may prove to be. The
geological veil can be lifted by anyone
possessed of nerve and money. It
can be lifted more economically and
quickly by trained experts but the
reward of the disappointment await
ing suctr erforts in the end is the
same.
However, a hard and fast line can
be drawn between classes of mining
ventures; and this line can be au
thoritatively drawn by experienced
men. This differentiation is non
technical and is solely concerned with,
a proper presentation of facts and an
exercising of sound judgment in deal
ing with the financial requirements
of a prospective enterprise, and a wise
supervis'on of the legitimacy of its
expenditures of treasury cash and
shares. In other words, an experi
enced and competent mining engineer
or skilled operator can probably save
his clients from a vast percentage of
failures by his judgment in
making I
EER
recommendations but it is neither fair 1 Under an Order of the court develop
nor safe to characterize as "wild cats" j ment work has been allowed and
uch prospective propositions as are j Trustee C. M. Souden bas almost dug
on recommended by such authority. J the institution completely out of the
(Continued on Page Two.) whole.
BRITISH ARREST
! U. S. CORRESPONDENT
- , V. - y
V: ; y,X
' c top,
Zr. if
W K J !
George V. Bacon. '
; , The Central Press Association has
asked Secretary Lansing- to inquire
into the status of its correspondent,
Georjre V. Bacon, who is reported de
tained under suspicion by British
military authorities in London.
Bacon has recently been traveling in
Ireland and reporting the existence
of a Tebellious spirit, which is be-
misun(,L.rstand. No fearg fop
BBCOn-s personal safety are eiiO
tained.
GREAT WESTERN NOW
OWNS ENTIRE TOWN
OF MAYER, ARIZONA
It
Is Expected in Yavapai
County That Little Town in
Big Bug District May Be
Incorporated This Summer.
PRESCOTT, Feb. 3. Negotiations
which had been going on for the paM
month between the heirs of the estate
of Joseph Mayer, deceased, and the
Great Western Smelters Corporation
for the purchase of the town of Mayer,
came to a final and satisfactory ter
mination Thursday night
Such is the report in circulation,
and that a deal has been consummated
is admitted by sdme of the parties in
terested. Th6 deal is without doubt
one of the largest which has ever
been made In this county, in which
is combined not only many thousands
of dollars in improvements but line
wise a large land area desirable for
its placer possibilities.
' That a favorable termination of the
negotiations was anticipated over two
weeks ago, was indicated by the ac
tion of the Pugh Stores Corporation
of Chicago, in sending two auditors
to Mayer to look over the situation
with a view to establishing a branch
business there. The incorporation of
the Mayer State Bank, the giving of
a lease for a lumber yard business,
the erection of a generat hospital by
the. Big Ledge company, the resuming
of the brick making plant, a new
opera house for motion pictures and
social purposes, and construction "of
over 35 residences, cover some of the
features which are contemplated in
the making of the Big Bug town still
more attractive. It is also staled that
a liberal policy has been decided up
on by the owners to attract business
people and assist the mining industry
'of the Bradshaws and all of Eastern
Yavapai. It is also quite probable
that early this summer Mayer will be
incorporated.
SWANSEA REHABILITATION.
SWANSEA. Ariz., Feb. 3. Indica
tions point. to a complete rehabilita
tion of the famous old Swansea mines
and smelter under the trusteeship
established as the result of tae bank
ruptcy proceedings. In spite of the
bankruptcy the work on the mines
was kept up, ore contracts were made
with the Humboldt smelter and the
Sacso smelter, and ore shipped to
these, two places at regular intervals.
P S A ID I ICTCD CHURN DRILLING SOON
U. U H. ID LIuILU: ON B.8BKJOMB8TON6.
ON NEW YORK
EXCHANGE
Local Producer's Stock Will
Soon Be Traded in on Big
gest Market in the World
Means Much for Issue.
X w
XEW YORK. Feb. 3. The
York Stock Fvrhansp lias liste.l the .
$6,424,620 (par $10) capital stock of
Calumet & Arizona Mining Co. effec
tive "on official notice of issuance of
nermanent engraved interchangeable
certificates in exchange for present
outstanding eertiiienie "
On Oct. 31 Calumet & Arizona CO.
had surplus of $18.748, 6"4 of which
$8,764,971 represented net earnings
from ten months operations. The bal
ance of $9,983,663 was brought for
! ward from previous year.
Income account of ten months com
j pared with full year 191!i fol'.Ows:
Ten months
1916 . Year 1915
Total earnings $16,423,103 $11,647,415
Miscellaneous 83.757 36.309
Total income 16.508.863 11.683.724
Expenditures 7.743,891 .229,84
Net income. 8.764,972 5.453.8S2
Earnings of the first ten months
of 1916 were equal to $13 per share
against $9 for entire 12 months of
1915.
There was an increase of nearly
! $3,000,000 in investment
account in
' the first ten months Of last -Vear due
i chiefly to the acquisition of $2,770,000
j bonds of New Cornelia Copper Co.
; Current assets Increased from $7,162,-
796 at the end of 1915 to $8,500,000 at
the end of last October. Of this in
crease $1,200,000 was due to gain in
cash.
New Cornelia Copper Co. had a pro
fit and loss balance of $58,000 on
Oct. 31.
From 1903 to date Calumet & Ari-are expected in attendance at this af
zona has paid in dividends over $30,- - fair, which will be of the nature of an
000.000 The largest of Its ore bodies j informal smoker, motion picture show.
contains from 500,000 to 1,000,000
tons of ore averaging 5 per cent cop
per which can be directly smelted
with comparatively little flux Of the
2068 acres of land owned in the War
ren district of Arizona more than one
half remains undeveloped. " A new
shaft has just been started on the
Regular Claim, in addition to the six
working shafts now in operation, at a
distance of 2300 feet from the Junc
tion shaft.
I'p to the middle of last year Calu
met & Arizona had produced 634.694,-
594 pounds of copper, and $6,913,072
gold and silver. The Superior & Pitts- j given of the technicolor standard films
burg had produced prior to its con-' which is the projection of moving Dic
solidation with Calumet & Arizona 99.- J tures in natural colors from black and
807,637 pounds of copper and gold and j white films. This Is the first time an
silver worth $657,654. Current rate of exhibition of this process has been
production is about 68,000 dry tons of ' given publicly. (
ore monthly yielding 5,800,000 pounds j Probably the most interesting social
of copper recovered at the Douglas ' feature of the convention will be a
smelter with about $116,000 in gold strip on Washington's birthday to West
and silver.
On October 31. 1916. there was
technically blocked out 1,976.815 tons :
of ore averaging 4.99 per cent copper. ,
This compared with 1,610,264 tons Of
4.92 per cent copper material on Oct.
31. 1915. At the end of October, 1911.
there was 1,356.730 tons of ore which
averaged 6 1-2 per cent copper.
These figures cover smelting ore in
addition to which the company has in
sight 831.000 tons averaging 1 3-4 per i
cent, which could be very greatly in-j
cteased upon further development. In
auauion t-j an mis me property m- ...... uu a.... .ue '---1 the machinery for this unit will be as-
cludes verv large bodies of leaner " of motion picture making, and ft I . , , .... j
iiuucs .r. j i.ur uimiea ui iraiin n i r,, ' sembled and put in place in readiness
ores I visit to the art galleries of Senator . ' .. , .
1 i . . . j for operation early in May.
New construction at the smelter now A- Clark. M Jim ,lm,tM.sromu,
uuaer way ai a cosi oi $tsu,uuu win :
still further enlarge capacity for! PECK MINE SOLD,
handling greater tonnage of the com- PRF..SCOTT. Feb. 3. The great
pany's own ores as well as custom 1'eck mine, one of the early producers
material. The increase will amount of silver in the 70's, located in the
to 1000 tons of Ore daily. At a cost 'ng famous silver Bradshaws, has
of more than $800,000 the company been sold, according to reports reach
also has under construction a sul- inK here from Crown King recently,
phuric plant capable of producing 200 . A Nevada syndicate is said to have
tons of acid daily. " obtained control of the property and
The New Cornelia property has 40.-'work On the old timer will begin in
000,000 tons of developed ore averag-' the near future, it is said. Along
ing 1.51 per cent copper with pOssibili- with this property it is understood that
ties of increasing both carbonates and
sulphides beyond this total.
I
. j
WILLIE ROSE TO SHIP.
BOWIE, Ariz.. Feb. 3. Engineer J. '
W. Sterling is authority for the state
ment that shipments of ore will be
gin from the Willie Rose mine at the
foot of the Chiricahua mountains al-l
most directly south of here. There
Is a fine auto road running to the being hauled from the Navajo COpper
mines and the ore which runs about company 75 miles by automobile
sixty per cent, will be taken to the truck to the Greenhaw logging camp
railroad by truck. The present shaft road where it is shipped to the smelt
is 1S8 feet down, about about fifty er. With th coming of spring the
feet of drift tunnel has been dug to truck service will be extended, and
J date. more put into service.
;
;
Plans for the prospecting of the
property of the Ilisbee-Tomb-
stone Copper Mining company
arc riipiilly being made, the lirst
of which will be to import n
churn drill n nil sink several holes
km iha n.Ost likely looking part
of the claims. This work will he
started within thirty days, the
drill already having been ordered
and expected within that time.
Drilling will De uncer the su-
Dcrvision or J. C . barkwill an
experienced driller, who for the
past four years has been in
charge of the drilling operations
j of the Copper Quern Consolidated
Mining company. ; '
During .the past few ; weeks a l
number of experienced mining
men and geologists have visited
the claims of the company and
j pronounced them as having some
excellent surface indications and
advising the use of churn drills
to prospect at depth. ,
MID WINTER MEETING
OF ENGINEERS OPENS
SOON IN METROPOLIS
,
American Institute of Mining
Engineers to . Convene in
New York on February 19
for Session of Four Days.
NEW YORK. Feb. 3. Elaborate
' plans for the social side of the 114th
meeting of the American Institute Of
Mining Engineers, are being complet
ed here. Each day of the session,
which open on February 19, will have
some special social feature for tOth
the men and women attending the con
vention. On the evening of the opening day
of the meeting, a reunion celebration
will be held in the Engineering Socie
ties' building. Five hundred persons
and entertainment. Mining men have
long been reputed to be good enter
tainers, and at this annual occasion,
it is' the aim of the men to muster to
gether all the minstrel talent of the
Institute.
On the second night of the conven
tion, the annual dinner will be held
at the Hotel Astor at which the re
tiring president, L. D. Ricketts, and
the in-coming president will make ad-
j dresses. There will be dancing dur
ing and after the dinner.
On the evening of the third day of
the convention, au exhibition will be
j Point In the past year, the mining
' engineers have co-operated in the or-1
ganization of the country's industrial
resources for military preparedness
and a strong bond of common interest
has developed between many military
officials of the institute.
The delegates to the convention
will go to West Point by special train.
where there will be riding exhibitions,
an address, by an officer of the post.
and an inspection of the grounds and
buildings.
The ladies' program for the weeS
the syndicate controls nearly all the
old properties in the . district. The
sale of the Great Peck will in no way
interfere with the lease on the dump
that is held , by Braun and Shrade
who have invested quite a large out-
. ,
a reduction works to go over
the old dump, and ar r.Ow treating
the same by a cyabide process.
NAVAJO SHIPS ORE.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz.. Feb. 3. Ore is
UNCLE SAM'S NEWEST BATTLESHIP IS
LAUNCHED WHILE THOUSANDS CHEEP
it- fchjlttlr MiTs?i
On. - M - . -sfH mm
The launching1 of the Mississippi.
The great drea.in.iutfht Mississippi, the largest in the United State?
invy. w..- launched at Newport News Ya.t while 20,000 persons che.-ie.: and
fit" '." ci lift of every description welcomed her with shrill 'Justs.
TOM REED DEVELOPS
BIG ORE RESERVES
NEAR AZTEC SHAFT
. .
Excellent Showings Made in
Development Work Which
Has Been Made in Aztec
Shaft of the Big Froducer.
OATMAN, Ariz., February 3. The
southeasterly end of the Tom Heed
mine adjoining the Big Jim is devel
oping ore carrying splendid values
and the conviction grows that in this
part of its territory the company has
a bononza deposit of gold which may
u. .. u i..
rival that of its Ben Harrison claim", i
, productive of dividends
years.
for many
As the footwall of the big vein was
approached in the Aztec shaft assays
commenced to run up and at limes
average samples from the shaft ran
as high as $60 a ton. On the 40i)-foot
level a raise on the footwall is in ore
which assays as high as $107. Devel-
j opmellt of the vein, which is over thir
ty feet in width, is being crowded as
fast as possible in order to block out
a large tonnage for the new unit, of
the mill. Present indications are that
I is confined to shnft sinking and llie
I 3-compartment shaft is down 560 feet.
At the 600 level a station will be cut
and connection made with the vein.
Thereafter sinking will cease for a
time and work will he directed to the
development of the big ore shoot on
the 600 level, which Horace V. Win
chell says, "will in all probability dou
ble the value of the estimated ore."
There i much speculation in camp
as to the amount of bullion that will
result from th: Prst cleanup at the
United Eastern mill, which probably
will be made about Feb. 3. The mill
then will have been in operation thir
ty days and the cleanup should cive a
pretty good line on what may be ex
pected of this mine in the way of
gross production and net realization.
II. Irving Jones. M. K.. has finished
his examination of the Gold Ore mine
and gone to his ho nc in Oenver. fro-ii )
where he will go in person to deliver
Ms report to directors of the compa
ny, who are officials of the John
Pccre Tlow Company at Moline, Ills.
The purpose of Mr. Jones' examina
tion was to determine what size mill
should be built by the company. The
Gold Ore recently found a cross-vein
250 feet east of the shaft whi h is
seventeen Teet wide and carries oie
if good mill values throughout.
Among the prospects Gold Road
Bonanza and Adams hold their places
in the spot light. The Bonanza, it is
rumored, has good ore in the crosscut
; on the 550-level but the management.
i a nrm of stock-brokers, withholds in
formation of conditions, trie .uams
has penetrated the hanging wall of
the vein sixteen feet. One machine
drill continues in the crosscut and the
other is engaged in drifting.
Sinking is to be resumed Feb. 1st.
ar as soon thereafter at the Nellie
and the Murdock. Both these min.s
are in the Black Range section and
Dn the same vein svstem. The Nellie
has developed considerable mill ore
' ,H,r vu ",r - ,,,ul "
'occasional high assays. The same con
dition exists in the Murdock on the
31M1, some ol ine ore .snowing iree
gold.
The Crescent, which adjoins the
Adams, has cut one vein in its cross-
j cut tunnel and is driving ahead for an
; other vein. The Oatman United sank
76 feet in thirty days with one shift
and passed the 30t) foot level several
days. ago. The l.ucky Boy is cutting
a station at 400 feet preparatory to
crosscutting to the main vein. Work
has been resumed at the Fessenden
when drifts are being driven both
ways on the vein on the 500 K-vel. The
Noith Star has received permission
from the Arizona Commission of Cor
porations to sell 400.''ii shares of
treasury stork and expects to resume
development soon.
LEAD AT NEW TENNESSEE.
CHLOKIOE. Ariz.. Feb. 3. nuiing
development work here on the New
Tennessee an unexpected strike of
lead ore was made near the collar of
the sbul't. which, when assayed, show
ed 71 per cent lead, a short follow Of
the vein soon widened it to two feet.
The shaft will be sunk to 500 feet
before real production work will be
undertaken. In this connection it is
interesting to know that the old ler
rimac will be resumed shortly owing
to an agreement Of the ditliculty that
has been over the property for some
ears. The Merriniac is one of the
producers of the old days. A 100 ton
mill will be erected on the Silver Hill
property also.
KINGMAN. An.. Feb. 3 Extensive
operations have been undertaken on
the Southwestern Copper company's
piOperty at Coppervllle. near here.
The shaft on the property will be
sunk to Soo feet and the company
mill capacity increased to 400 tons
daily.
OPEN WINTER
CONDUCIVE
! TO MUCH
Though Some Snow Has Fal
len in Yavapai It Has Not
Interfered With Extensive
Work This Winter.
VERDE DISTRICT WORK
SENT RAPIDLY AHEAD
Weed's Report on Verde Cen
tral and Verde Apex Look
ed Upon As Good Omen
for Balance of District
By William P. I Wolf.
rRESCOTT, Feb. An open win-
I tor, with but little snow, no rain to
i date, and plenty of sunshine, permits
! continuous mining operations through
l i out Yavapai county at a season of
the year when, as a rule, certain of
the outl ing sections are inaccessible.
.Mot of the trails are open to traf
fic, and communication with the vari
ous camps and with the center of
trade at Prescott continues unbroken
Mine and mill machinery goes for
ward to its destination with but 1 it
the delay, ar.d mining engineers and
investors travel the hills without dif
ficulty. In fact, save for a thin and
threadbare blanket of snow, there is
little evidence of winter in this sec
tion of Arizona.
The favorable climatic conditions
are especially advantageous to the
triniag men of the Verde district,
where a score or more new copper
mining enterprises were financied in
the fall ol 1916. Delay in shipping
mine machinery ordered several
months a;o by a number of these coui-
i panics caused it to be laid down at
Clarkdale at a time when the trails
are genally clogged with snow ami
are more or less in, passable. Winter's
, reversal of farm is. therefore, more
than ordinarily welcome to the miners
and teamsters of that section. The
trails of recent construction are some
what "soft" in spots, but not suffi
ciently so to prevent freighting over
i them.
Plant 3eing Installed.
A rock' slide on the trail leading
to the Pittsburg-Jerome property over
the acreage of the Ventura Hill Com
pany, occasioned some delay in land
ing the plant of machinery purchased
jointly by the Venture Hill and Verde
Apex companies, at the double-compartment
shaft that is being sunk on
the endline of the Soc rates claim of
the first mentioned and the sideline of
the Blackhorse claim of the last men
tioned company. The delay was par
ticularly annoying as it followed on
of much longer duration caused by
a mistake of the shippers in billing'
the machinery to Clarkdale. Arkan
sas, instead of to Clarkdale. Arizona.
However, the plant is now being in
stalled, and will be in operation about
the middle of February. It consists
of a 60-horse power compressor and
a 25 hors power hoist.
Several months ago the manage
ments of the Venture Hill and Verd
Anex companies entered into a work
ing agreement whereby the two prop
erties are to be develop d by mean
of a single shaft. This shaft bus been
sunk bv hand a deptb of fifty feet.
Work therein has been discontinued
until such time as the two-compajiy
plant of machinery is in commission.
In the meantime the Venture Hill tun
nel scene of an encouraging strike of
conner sulphides in the latter part of
1916 will b. driven alom; the Ven
ture Hill ledge to intersection with
a cross ledse on the Verde Apex c
t?te. Thereafter work ill be con
fined to the shaft. A depth of 6eO
feet is the objective, where the shaft
will probably tap the cross ledge on
its din. The Venture Hill tunnel i
now about .10 feet beyond that com
panv's endline and is shout equidis
tant from the ledge intersection. Cop
per sulphides are practically continu
ous therein for the last 60 feet.
Receives Dr. Reed's O. K.
Plans are bein made to list th
share of the Venture Hill. Verd
Apex nd Verde Central Mines. Inc.,
(Continued on Pase Eight) two
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 4, 1917.
Urn
Doctor Tells How To Strengthen
Eyesight 50 per cent In One
Week's Time in Many instances
A Free Prescription Ycu Can Have
Filled and Use at Home
I'Uiludoipl.i.i. Ta. ltayou wear shinses?
Are you a victim of eye strain or ether
eye W'-akuessi'x'? If si, you- V ill Ik cimI
to knew tiiJit according lo lr. Lewis
there is real Lone fur you. M:iuy whilst-
eyes were failing say they hiiv.- li.nl lii"ii j
eyes nsto.-'d Uiroi:gh t!i; pWu.-iplo of
this woud.-i'f'ul ri.v ir'M-ritli.:u. One)
iimn says, ii.tcr living it : i wan uiimu-t
blind ; could uot to rend at n!L ."."iivv
1 can rend ev.-rythiug without any rIus-m-s
and n.y eyes do :iit v:itp any inur-. -U
they fH'l fine nil tlir time. It vvr.B like!
a miracle to mo." A lady who r.s;l it I
says: "The atmosphere seemed hazy wifi
or' without classes, lint aftiT u.:iiie th'..-;
prescriptiou fo: fifteen days everything
swms clcc.r. 1 can even trad fine print
without classes.' It is b"iieved that
thousands who wear plashes can now tlis
card them in H niiwiiiahK' time and mul
titudes more will ba ultla to streiit'tlicn
their eyes so as to be spared the trouble;
MINING ENGINEERS
PLAN BIG MEETING
IN NEWYORK CITY
American Institute of Mining
Engineers Will Celebrate on
Feb. 19 Upon the Occasion
of Midwinter Meeting.
t
NEW YORK, Jan. 24. The pro
gram of the 114lh meeting of the Am
erican Institute of Mining Engineers,
which convenes here February 19th.
was made public today. Sessions will
include the annual business meeting
and presentation of papers on sub
jects of the greatest scientific inU rost
in the mining field. In addition, a
number of special social features are
being planned, including an all-day
excursion by special train to West
Point where the engineers will view
a nun:ber of exhibitions and inspect
the grounds of the military academy.
According to registrations receiv
ed, this year's prosperity of the min
ing canips in the middle and far west
will be teflected iu, the attendance at
t'ae February meetiiig. Individuals
connected with practically all of these
will take some part in the technical
sessions.
The meeting will extend over four
days and wiil open on February lflth
with sessions on geolony, metal lo
firapby, petroleum and gas. and mill
ing and 8- selling. On the following
day, sesf' - v;ll be held on iron
blast fiu . practice and on flota
tion. Tin ncipal sessions of the
third day w'.'l be held on tbe manu
facture ol ii..n ard steel.
Anions' t'i5 leading papers which
will be pifcsun'ied are:
"Recent Geologic Development on
Simple Laxative Remedy
Best for Constipation
DR. CALDWELL'S SYRUP PEPSIN
GAVE SATISFACTION WHEN
NOTHING ELSE WOULD. !
Xearly every one, at 'one time or an-
other, suffers from constipation, or in- j
active bowels, and one of the few con- j
elusions upon which the doctors agree
is that regularity of the bowels is an
essential to good health. j
In the family medicine chest of most
v. ell-ordered households will be found
one or more of the various remedies
recommended for the relief of consti- '
pation. In the majority of homes to-,
day the combination of simple laxa- j
live herbs with pepsin known as Dr.;
Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is recognized
as the standard laxative. Druggists
everywhere report a constantly in
creasing demand for this splendid
remedy which is sold for fifty cents
a bottle.
Mr. James Ash, 102 Green St., Cum
berland, Md., wrote to Dr. Caldwell
that he found ' Dr. Caldwell's Syrup
Pepsin the most effective remedy for
constipation he had ever used and
that he always keeps a bottle of it on
hand for use when necessary.
Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is a
mild laxative, and does not gripe or
An Important
catemen'
regarding the development of the Great Ray Copper
Company's properly, by Arthur L. Flagg, the Com
pany's engineer, will be published shortly. ,
Great Rpy 3'tock is now selling at 50 cenls per share.
Lave subscriptions wilh,
L. J. OVERLOCK, and SMITH MACGREGCR,
Bisbee.
.Hid expense of ever getting gli'.-ses. Eye
troubles of many descriptions may be
wonderfully ' benefited by followin,; th.'
simple rail's. Here is th. prescription:
t'o fo nay iKtive drug store nnd (jet a
lxttle of HoiiOpto taoi"ts. Prop one
l'on tlpto t :il.'t ia a fourth of a class
. f water mill a'.iow to dissolve. With
this litiuM Ivithe ;he eye two to four
tri.es i.iily. Voii should notice your eyes
clear u(i perceptibly right from the start
and iiiii.iiaii.Mn.il wiil (piickiy disappear.
If your eyes ai" bothering you, even a
little, take st.-ps t save them now before
it is t' late. Many hop-lcs!y blind
illici t have ee. n saveil if they bad cared
for their eyes in ti'ae.
Noi: Ar.oMier firoiajnept PliyMeirin tnvhom
t!ic h l:ove a; tielc M.ts ,-i:tiiii:ttel. iwthi: "Bon-)pto
is n very ren-.rtrkn!iie remedy. .ts constituent
i.iu'redieats lite ivell knonn to eminent ce pec
ir. lists it nil wi'lely preseriis-cl Py them. The inan
iifuctureis mmninlee it to streiiL'tuen eyesight
M per ecTit in ore week's time ia in:inv instances
or reltmii the riionev. It can lie Oiunmeil Insn any
irutxl ilrurgi-it and is oieol the verv few pn'para
tii lis 1 I'ecl (.iieuiil lie kept oa'liaiHi for reziil:irus
in MliuoMt even f.tniily." It is bold in this city by
dlSBEE DRUG CO.
the Mcsabi Iron Range, Minn.," by J.
K. Wolff.
"Grain Growth Phenomena in Met
als," by Henry M. Howe and Zay Jef
fries. "Eidence of the Oklahoma Oil
Fields on the Anticlinal Theory," by
Dorsey Hager.
"Magnetic Concentration of Low
Grade Magnetic Iron Ore," by S. Nor
ton. "The Conservation of Phosphate
Rock ia the United States," by W. C.
Phalen.
"Potash as a By-Product from the
Blast Funu-ce," by R. J. Wysor.
"Significance of Manganese in Am
erican Steel Metallurgy," by F. H.
Willcox.
The committee on arrangements
for the convention , includes: David
H. Browne, chairman; Lawrence Ad
dicks, P. E. Barbour, George D. Bar
ron, Karl Filers, Louis D. Huntoon,
II. A. Megraw, Thomas T. Read, Burr
A. Robinson, F. T. Rubidge, E. 'Malt
by Shipp, Bradley Stoughton, Edward
U. Sturgis and Arthur L. Walker.
A Hint ta ths Agsd.
If people pat sixty years of age
could be persuaded to go to bed as
soon as they take cold end remain in
bed for one or two Uays, they w'juld
recover much mor quickly, especially
if they take Chamberlain's Cough
Remedy. There wouid also be less
Janser.of the cold being followed by
any of the more serious diseases.
(Advertisement)
SINKING KINGMAN MINE.
KING MAX. Ariz., Feb. 3. Sinking
of .its shaft to the SOO level has been
determined upon by the Arizona
Southwestern Copper c'impany, w-hich
has exten-ive hotf.iiiss at Copperville.
The eapacity of the company's mill
is to be increased to 585 tons per day.
Boston capitalists have subscribed
fK'O.iiOP lor development work.
):.
! - i. ; - . v .:' . ill
1 ' "'T.-;- I ' , " 'I'
Ja:n
strain, but acts gently and brings re
lief in an easy, natural manner. Its
freedom from opiates cr narcotic drugs
makes it the ideal family laxative.
To avoid imitations and ineffective
substitutes be sure you get Dr. Cald
well's Syrup Pepsin. See that a fac
simile of Dr. Caldwell's signature and
his portrait appear on the yellow car
ton iu which the bottle is packed. A
trial bottle, free of charge, can be ob
tained by writing to Dr. W. B. Cald
well. 455 Washington St., Monticello,
Illinois.
Lowell, Arizona.
.. :.v,.'-,r8' : ,
. . ii. : , i
STRIAN EMPEROR PHOTOGRAPHED ON
J3
Sfv :
Arrow
Emperor Karl Franz Joseph of Austria-Hungary is here shown diessed
crown on his way to Coronation Hall, Budapest, accompanied by a brilliant
crowning- of the new emperor was attended by a festive decorating of the
thi. coronation pageant passed.
iij con
MONTANA MINES ARE
' FIGHTING DRASTIC
TAXES IN BIG STATE
.... ,
Vompanies anu su inicrcsicu
in the Business Unite to
Prevent Big Industry From j
rr, i i
xeing vjver i axtu
El'TTE, Mont., Feb. 3. The mining
industry of Montana is once more
threatened through hostile, short sight-;
?d, and malicious legislation proposed
in the state legislature. One bill pro
poses tj levy a ta.c of 6 per cent on
the value of all metals taken out of ;
the ground in Montana. This and
Dther measures almost as drastic, i
have aroused every mining company ;
and miner as well as thousands eon-'
netted with the industry in the state. ;
It has led to the organization of the
mining companies and mining men of ,
the entire state, and vigorous steps
are now being taken to prevent the '
success of those who plan to burden
the mining companies of Montana '
with additional taxation.
A meeting was held Jan. 15 in i ...
Butte which was attended by r. pre-! . ' !rst' a,1!,'s' aU(lress a,!d tuia
sentatives of 28 mining companies Sii : tl0,:s of a!1 dirt't-iri4- j
the Butt- district and as nianv morel fecund. Name or manager of cou
inrtividuaJ mining operators. The ob-; Ruling expenditures and directing op-
if i-t if tlio nifctiri!' Mai; tot turih liv t ratioIlS.
lion. Cornelius K. Kelly, vice presl- j
dent and managing director of the ;
Anaconda Copper Mining Co. !
"The time has come," said he, "when
every company and every man en- j
gaged In mining in the state of Mont- '
ana must put aside any business riv- i
airy that may have existed in the past !
and work together harmoniously to .
save the industry" from the most iin-j it is proposed to transfer same to new
just legislat'jn that has ever been pro-, company, together with a statement
posed against it. j concerning amount and distribution ol
"Many people in Montana living in j promoters and owners of stock,
the farming communities and far re-1 sixth. Amount of money needed
moved from the mines and mining ac-j (ir anv) for frthrr development of
tiWtu. do not realize what great bur-, how jt is to bo (.xpcn(lo., . together
dens of taxation the mining industry wiUl a KUU(.nient or indebtedness of
is already bearing. They are not con- I pw t.0111.,anv.
versant with the facts. They do not o, ,. ,,, u- . . .
, .... ..... . M. i Seventh. Censorship Id be cst;,b-
know that in addition to the regtllar ; . .
, . ... . . ! lhed by die commission over ai
state, seho'il, county and citv taxes,'
the mining companies pay a large net
proceeds tax and pay a federal tax
on the. output of the mines. Iu addi
tion lo th?se there is the new cornora-
tion stock t:iv levieil hv tlio ferternl
government. "MN oi snares.
"Iu Silver Bow county alone the ! Fighth. All su.-h advertising mat
mining companies and individual mine ; ttr ' UL- fi,st approved by the com
owners last year were assessed on ! H!ision and to contain all data as
;U.10r..27,' and paid in state, county : r'fc"Vt' fo rinforniation of possible pur
i;:id schooi taxes in tnis one county ' chasers of shares,
aioae ui.tJ.,o. This did not include i A" assumption of some such form
ti taxes paid the city of Butte nor 'of financial control by the State cum
iie federal tax. It did not include i mission over a'l newly-formed mining
tlia larger amounts in taxes paid by ! corporations is not only proper but
the mining companies in a do.en othei ! possible: and a judicious and impar
counties in Montana. . j tial exercise of such authority will
"It is a fact that under the present j eliminate. a large part indeed the
system of taxation, metal is the only greater part of the speculative risk
class ol pi'.iperty that is taxca at it I attendant Hin all mining ventures,
full casn vaiuc. Hut were the Arizona Slate cornoia
"When it is considered that one lit-
tie hill here iu Silver Bow county las' .
year paid i.i taxes nearly a
million i
d'dl.ir.s, oii' comiot esrape the comic
noil tiiat Hie miffs in this slate ar.
contributing liberally toUic revenue."
. The attack un the mining interests
ori:Jn;ucd among the represent aiives
lroiii the eastern farming counties 'ji
.Montana. 'I hey have been impregnat
ed Willi the idea that through the
great advance iu Hie price ol such j
metals as copper, zinc, lead and silver. ,
the mining companies of western
.Montana have amassed enormous pro- ',
his lroiu which they hoid the state
should derivc. a much greater bcneiit
than the present taxation laws pro-
idc. They do not take iiii'j iiccouul '
ilic la t that Ihi- wages ol the iiiim.rs:
and l.itn'i'eis have advanced lroiii
p r d;i lo II V.i pi r day and iha
uien t olid it ions bcioiue normal avail)
.lit-:. i- milling etinipaiiii'S "ill bnd'il
d'lbi u't in iiKiny iuslaue:i In make
ITdlJ . enough to uiailit.iill tin: icgiil.U'
UK iih uil tale.
An inl'lil iiuial Un t brought o'H in
Hie committee meeting was that '.mly
live ol Ihe -S operating coiiipanii s in
U.iae ar pa ini, dividends at all.
Hi S :
points to Emperor Karl Franz Joseph
PERTINENT ARE THE
SUGGESTIONS OFFERED
(Continued From Page One)
These disreputable ones might make
good rarely they do u.ake,' good in ,
spite of the hanaicap of protossional ;
disapproval. Thus there is no com-
P'ele'y discernible line of demarcation
between the wild cat and the re-
I spectable meoiber of society that Iws i
found a profitable ore body. I
This being the case it would appear
that no sound legislation is possible
that undertakes to distinguish te h
nically between the various possibili
ties of such aggregations of embryo .
mining syndicates as apply for the
of fit ial seal. But it is possible tor the
State corporation commission to deal
effectively with such enterprises In '
tfieir financial relations with the pub-:
lie by exercising a careful supervision :
of tiie circularizing and newspaper i
advertising campaign of the mining '
promoter. This desirable supervision
can be accomplished by an insistence '
upon some set of regulations, such as '
the following, to be used in all appli- .
cations for mining incorporations:
Third, l'roposed capitalization and
par value of shares.
Fourth. Description of mining prop
ei'.y it is proposed to capitalize this
f!"sc rij-tion to be entered on regula
tion lorms supplied by the commis
sion. Fifth. Title of property and home
acquit ed by present owners and how
v t nil 1 1 ir. 1IM mi til- PTOl'K
sales together with
provisional en-
aorsenient of all circulars distributed
through the mails or otherwise, the
P'"'P'e of
which is to attract pur-
tiou commission to attempt to nass
'with
prci ision upon the technical, i.
c. the niitiitig and mineral possibiii
ti.'S of any of the innumerable appli
cants for inrorpoiati'iii that public
body would not only Im in deep water
but would be assuming a degree of
knowb-dgo impossible of attainment
i even by extraordinary mortals.
I The average mine investor, .safe
guarded to tins degree by I lie State
corporation commission at the initial
and financial end of Ihe game cap
You Kesd M Suffer From Gafarrh
You have probably Lceu in the habit. Specific Co. S. S. S.. which was lis
using1 externnl treatment to relieve I covered over fifty years ago. will
your catarrh. You have applied sprays,! clcan.se jour blood of the catarrhal
washes and i lotions to the mucous sur- poj.ons ali thereby relieve you
races f.f ihe nose and f hro.it have ; of lhc fr.. m your thrvilt, the
SSteisrhSr iixt;: n r$ Lawk-
were troubled vilh another attack fi u,?ir'"' ba'! ,brcatQ- .
catarrh. Ail . druggi.sts carry S. S. S., a:id
You "sliould rcali.c that catarrh js: the physicians of our Medical Depart.;
an infection of the blood. This fad . nient will chccrtully answer any let-
has been agreed upon by specialists i tors which you may write them in j
in catarrh troubles. Mid has been j regard to your case. Swift Specific
pvoven iu the U lciutuiks of tiio Swift ; Cc 205 Swift Uuildiiig, Atlanta, Ca.
WAY TO CORONATION
i
i
y
in gorgeous coronation robes and
escort in picturesque attire. The
avenues and streets througn which
then devote hin.self to personal in-
vesication of the merits of the mine
I and the ability of its licensed officers
and can invest his money or not as
, he pleases.
The function of the Mate corpora-
tion commission is laigely to guard
the minority stockholders from pos -
sible dishonest methods of admini-
stration or unscrupulous manipulations
I ty those in control: but tne investor
I in mining shares or property must
; protect himself as far as possible fro n
the ravages of incompetent manage- i
I ent and the faulty diagnosis of un- :
derground ore bodies.
Yours very truly, ' !
PERCY WILLIAMS,
Mining Engineer.
Kngineers' Club, San Francisco. Cal.
Winters &'
Murph;
LOWELL
Real Estate Insurance
Conveyances m
4-room frame house, Don Luis
$945.00: $500 cash
' ,i ai nrn nn I
worth $ 1 200.00. .
7-r0om house, Warren; rents
for $41.00 per month.!
Cheap, for $2200; term3. j
10-room house, Johnson Ad-j
dition, 6 rooms furnished i
for housekeeping. $ 1 000
cash, full terms.
5-room house, Warren, large
cement cellar, big lot j
well worth $1800. I
Special. j
3-room frame house, with'
screen porch 12x24, new-j
ly papered inside, leno-i
leum in kitchen, coal,
range, oil stove, table and
chairs, one bedroom fur-j
nished complete. Cash
$950.00.
DIX'S SPECIAL OFFER.
Cictirgc C lix, of the i)ix Studio,
is guin alter uusmesi, in a very ex-1
tensive manner uiasiiiucu as he is
uiatong an advertising oiler, ot halt ,
rates on any size or style piiot'.israph
he makes, together with an enlarge
ment which he is giving iree wnn
each doit n ordered. 1 his olu-r only j
applies from me $S style and up, j
wmch is an opportunity not to oe
ovenooKed. lie has engaged sales- j
men to call on tne puDlic to place tne
oiler belote them. lix came here a
year ago and has gradually increased
ins volume ol business io such an c
tent that he lias been torcc! to e n
ploy several other artiMo. lie lei If
that this oiler should iU" rea.;e hi:
volume ol business, one thousand pi t
cent, thereby allowing him a reason
able amount of protit. This is a hurt
ol co-operative plan thai .Mr. Dix h.
woiKed out and the public will m,
doubt be with him in every possibli
way.
y
SAYS HOT WAfER
! EAUH DAT f.ttPS
i iHt UUUlutiAWAY
i
Drink glass ot hot water d
, tore oreaKiast to wan
out tne pcisoni.
L.UI tO
. V--i xw
WtU, lOUli.
no ei easy il w H uii w"1 ouO
auupi tue iiioiuiiig iiiside uatli.
boiKs uu a.e aocusionieU lo leel
duii ana Ueay ucu liity &iie, spin- :
tnur nt:.iii, ne. stuuy lroiu a com, toal i
lougue, hasty orcaiu, acia siXimacu '
j can, niveau, leel as uvsii as a uaisy
oy opemiig me biuictii ot tue system
each inoriiiiig and nusuing out tne ,
luoie ot tue miernat poisonous blag
liaut mailer.
cvtrjoue, whelner ailing, sick or
! v eii, suouiu, eacn moi umg, ociore
i breaK.ia.st, uniK a glass ol real mot
i water wtih a teaspoonlul ot limestone ;
j pliosphate in it to wash from the j
I stomach, liver, kidneys and bowels tiie j
previous day's inUigestiDle waste,,
sour bile and poisonous t'oxins; thus ;
cleansing, sweetening and purifying j
the entire alimentary canal beiore
putting more lood into the stomach.
The action of hot waur and limestone
nhdsntisifu nn pmiltv SLOniach is
, womierIulIy invigorating, it cleans,
out all tne sour lermeiitations. gases.
j wa .te aIul a(.iaity and gives one a i
, splendid appetite tor breakfast. While
J0U are enjoying your breakfast the:
water and phosphate is quietly ex-1
j trading a large volume of water from
tthe bXiod and getting ready for a
: thorough flushing of
all the inside
organs.
The milions of people who are
bothered with constipation, bilious
ipells, stomach trouble, rheumatism:
others wh'j have sallow skins, blood
disoruers and sickly complexions are
urged to get a quarter pound of lime
stone phosphate from the drug store
which will cost very little, but is
sufficient to make anyone a pro
nounced crank on the subject of in
ternal sanitation. (Advertisement)
HEINO & KEANE
High Class Tailors
Ladies Work a Specialty.
All work done on the premises
by Union Tailors.
Phone 677, Johnson Addition.
FOR ,
CARPENTER
CALL TEL. 50S.
Watkins &
Quality
The Best
The HALLMARK Store 1
COPPER QUEEN 1IOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best ot everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 50c luncheon daily. Also-$ 1 .00 dinner from
5 :30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $35;
$9 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boslon, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
PA. js, i .
I w -7-
..Arr, I, -ii IW--
Bisbcc Lumber
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
ummmwo
DIAMONDS
DIAMONDS
DIAMONDS
DIAMONDS
DIAMONDS
ATCHES
WATCHES
W ATCHES
W A T C it E S
WATCHES
WATCHES
L. L. Gilman
EYE NERVE GLASSES
Permanently located
In Bisbee, except
Mondays in Douglas.
' Rooms 10 and 11
' Maze Building.
DR. R. GLAZE, Neurologist.
Phone 156.
O. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot. Ambulance
Have the
CITY PARK TAILORS
make your next suit. 3000 pat
terns to pick from. Under new
city park, Bisbee.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicit Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
inHIRKESTEfSSFILtS
r SOLD ?Y ;?':: -;: S VFiK
Bergquist
Jewelers
Opticians
A LITTLE TALK ON LUMBER
may put Jim In the way of saviri;
a lot ot money, fume and have
it with us. We wa'it to prove to
you how the best lumber is the
cheapest at the start as well as
in the end. We cannot show you
the physical difference between
poor and the liest lumber for we
do ii'd handle any but the latter
inality.
Company.
w
CJ SI-iJI-lrilt.iniiJU-o
s K;'
n
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE. 25. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 4, 1917.
THREE
7
i
i
i
A
ITALY'S ROYAL RED CROSS NURSE
PHOTOGRAPHED WITH SOLDIEii 501 1
h K i M &
:
ft
V4S ? ; . v.. w- f V
4
?a-v
! New photosraph of Duchess of Aosla and her son. Prince Amcdeo.
The Duchess of Aosta is an active worker with the Italian 12.1 Cross
'holdini; the rank of inspwlor Rcncval of that organization. It was an
.'nounretl recently that K.nir Inmaiiuel had awarded her the si'yei mc'iv
t'or bravery for havinj! rur.-:'jd chuiera patisnts and wounded soldiers ur.i ei
J ire, exio.siiig herself to d;:'ii,i.-er. Prince Amc-deo holds a commission in tht
I talian army, a;td h.:. .-;eeii Si.-vna! nio.iths of active service on the froiil
tine, despite the fwt that he is Mill in his teens.
SOCIETY
SOCIAL CALENDAR,
llonday Musieale elub, Y. W. C. A.,
Feb. 5.
Soiree Club. Mrs. C. S. Wilson.
Feb. 8.
Ladies of Elkdom, Feb. 7.
Round Dozen Club. Feb. 14, Mrs.
Charles Bailey.
Women's League, Feb. 7, Mrs. C. II.
Hunt.
Anona Club, Feb. 13.
Valentine Party. Anona Club, Feb.
14.
liaptist Aid. Fi b. 8, Mrs. Russel.
St. John's Guild, Feb. 8, Mrs. Pat
ton. I
Women's Club. Feb. &, Cards.
Womens' Club, Feb. 16, Current
Events. j
Dorcas Club, Feb. 15, i'l. C. K. ;
Hunt. . . . . j
M. K. Aid. Feb. 15. Mrs. C. W. Allen.
P.aptist Sunday School entertain
ment, Feb. 22.
Tut-nti.-ih Century Club. Feb. 16.
The officers of the First Arizona in
fantry, their wives and t'riei.ds, enter
tained their friends with a party at
the pavilion at Naco '-m Friday even
ing. The hall wus decorated in sikus,
emblematic cn the dance halls of old,
and tne hosts were costumed in tre
manner of the "old timers". Ramblers,
road agents, bartenders, cowpur.chers,
prospectors, Chinese and a number of
the famous characters from the town
of Red I'jg, in the Wolfville stories.
The restaurant was at the cud of
the hall, and all sorts of soft drinks,
milk, oyster stew, sandwiches, candy,
nuts, and other refreshments . were
sold, and paid for out of the five hun
dred "Mex", which was given each
guest on arrival, wilii which to enjoy
the refreshments and play the tables.
Mazurkas, Schotticbe, Virginiti reels,
square dances, were danced and the
orchestra, a fiddle, banjo and drum,
played music popular in those days.
The puests came costumed Jind a
number of cowgirls, dancers, tender
feet, hunters, trappers, miners, gam
blers, bandits and other- characters
were in evidence. The chine.se who
were waiters for the the guest6,-true
to history, were shot out of town
alter the hour of "Chow". The guests
Gall Stones. Cancer ana tneers of the
Stomach and Intestines, Auto-Intoxication,
Yellow Jaundice, Appendicitis
and other' fatal allmerts result from
Stomach Trouble. Thousands of
Stomach Sufferers owe ticir complete
recovery to Mayr's Wonderful Rem
edy. Unlike any other for Stomach
Ailments. For sale by Bisbee Drue
Co.. Ixiwe'.I Drus Co., Ixjwell, Arizona,
nnd all other reliable druggists.
Viotlox
This word means LIFE and strength.
Use it and you will know that the j
name i" just riht.
VITOLOX purifies the blood, cor-'
rerts disorders of the Ktormuh, i:n
proes the appetite, tones up tlx; kid
neys and a sure shot for rheumatism I
Get a bottle at any drug store, 5100 or
6 for 3.00. i
from Risbee included Mr. and Mrs.
P. M. Buckwalter, Mr. and Mrs. J. D.
Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. Thorleif Oleson,
Mr. and Mrs. II. M. Gallegher, Mr
and Mrs. F. L. Williams, Mr. and Mrs.
Howard Sterling, Mr. and Mrs. Camp
bell, and Misses Grace Pars'jns and
Helen Flanipan and Messrs O'Donnell,
W. H. McKinney and George O.c.bs.
Mrs. E. E. Ellinwoon and daughter,
Miss Cornelia Ellinwood, returned
last week from the Pacific coast where
they were visitors for a few weeks.
Mrs. F. L. Williams entertained
with a luncheon Wednesday in honor
of Miss Kathrpn Hipp. The table
was decorated in white narcissi and
fern. Gold and white unshaded can
dles carried out the cafcr scheme ol
white and gold. Hand-painted placr
cards marked the cofers laid for Mis
Hipp, Mesdames J. C. Rice, R. B
Couver, Spires, Williams, Misses Lu
cile Campbell, Lois Fisher, of Doug
las. Jane Irving and Louise Williams.
Some of the guests enjoyed cards
with Miss Kathryn Hipp receiving
liigh score, and Mrs. J. C. Rice, win
ning the contest prizes of cut j.'.::
Bud vases and roses were awarded tt
each.
The Monday Musicale club will hold
a meeting at the Y. W. C. A. Monday
afternoon. The program will be un
der the direction of Mrs. Wertz, and
the subject will be "Carmen".
'
The Women's club held its regular
meeting Friday afternoon, the program
terns under the direction of Mrs.
Landis. The subject was "Murillo."
Mrs. Landis gave a talk on the lift
of the painter and 'oil some of his
works. Omar Rhodes gave a review
of the "Louvre," Mrs. H. M. Sterling
of "St. Anthony", Mrs. Morris High of
"St. Elizabeth" and Mrs. W. E. Han
kin' of "Immaculate Conception". After
the program Mrs. E. J. Flanigan gave
gave. a resume of the work done at
the annual Federation of Women's
clubs, held at ' Gtobe last week.
Mesdames L. L. Oilman and Ross
Moon were hostesses and served cake
and coffee. On Friday afternoon, Feb.
9. at two o'clock, Mrs. Frankenberg
will again have the afternoon's enter
tainment in charge. Cards will be
played and there will be sewing. Fri
day, Feb. 16. will be club day again,
and Mrs. Hankin will have the after
noon for current events. The host
esses will be Mesdames James Finney
and Morris High.
Mrs. C. H. Hunt will be the hostess
to the 'jmen's League of the Presby
terian Church February 7.
The Parent-Teachers Association of
th- schools entertained with a dance
at the high school Friday evening.
Last evening, the high school girls
and boys, after te games with Benson,
entertained their guests with a dancing
party. Fruit punch was served
throughout the evening.
Mrs. C. II. Hunt and Mrs. F. L.
Williams entertained at the home of
Mrs. Hunt Monday afternoon in h'jnor
of Mrs. Oleson, of California, who has
been visiting in Bisbee several weeks.
The guests enjoyed sewing, and late
in the afternoon a contest developed
urn! Mrs. E. G. It'iffner received a
dainty hnnkcrchicf as a prize. A hov
of handkerchiefs was the guest prize.
The table was decorated in bonis
of narcissi and ferns. Mesdames W
E. Oxsheer and T. E. .Houston pre
sided. Crab salad, peach pickle, al-
,11101111s. hot biscuits, devil and angel
jcake. tea and coffee were served. Th
guests were Mesdames Oleson, George
! Craig, II. M. Sterling, .1. W. Klien.
iThorlit f. E. G. Uuflner. .S. Franken
jberg. Kliene, James Flanigan and
! mother. Scruggs. Albert Sheetz-I.loyd,
j It. IS. Cuover. 1- 1.. Cllman, Ross Moon,
I J. V. Petty. W. E. Oxsheer, T. L. Hon
' ion and Misses Kathryn Hipp and
I Louise Williams j
'
Mrs.'F. E. Hurst was hostess to the
St. J'.ihn's Guild at her home Thurs
day afternoon. The guests enjoyed
sewing and conversation. Sandwiches,
cake and coffeo were served to
Mesdames C. M. Lynn, F. E. Shine.
Keilog. F. E. Bennett. Will Sutton,
Patton, rM. E. Gibson, F. E. Fruitf.
Roy Benton. J. W. Fisher, Nichols, E.
C. Ruflner. R. B. Coover, Chas. W.
How Iter. Irving. J. M. Leonard, J. L.
Brown. Walter O'Malley, C. S. Heis
lar, Blair. M. P. ' Jhns. Miss Anna
Dugean and Mr. Brewster.
The Altar Society of St. Patrick's
church will give a basket supper and
I dance at the Knights of Columbus hall j
'Tuesday, Feb. 6. Women, young ana
old. are invjtcd to come and bring
baskets. The men are to take chances
with the auctioneer. The committee
composes Mesdames John Conally. Joe
Downs, Joe Lutz and Misses Kam
insky and M. C. Ardle.
The fallowing officers were elected
by the Philathea Class of the M. E.
Sunday School at its annual meeting
at the Y. W. C. A. home Friday night:
Miss Ruth Palmer, president; Miss
France.s Cummings, vice president:
Miss Isabel Stevens, secretary. Miss
Lena Albright, treasurer; Miss Carlota
Mover, teacher and instructor; Miss
Esther Cummings, reporter. It was
decided to have individual pledges of
funds for the education of the class'
ward, a little girl in the Mary J- Piatt
home at Tucson. Refreshments fol
lowed. The class social meetings are
monthly, and all w'omen are invited.
The Dorca? club was entertained
at the home of Mrs. Hillman Thursday
afternoon. The guests were served
sandwiches, cake and coffee. Those
present were Mesdames C. II. Hunt,
J. P. Hodgson, A. Sinclair, Frank Sin
clair, J. Frazier, T. E. Houston, Lloyd,
Albright Sheetz, Thomas, Frank But
ler and Miss Ethel Rundle.
Mrs. C. H. Hunt will be the next
hostess.
I .
Mrs. W. E. Oxsheer entertained the
Baptist Sunday- School ' class at her
honre on Claw&n Hill Friday evening.
The entertainment was contests.
games and music. Coffee'' and cake
were served to twenty. The next
meeting will be held February 22.
The M. II Aid met at the Y.'W. C. A
Thursday afternoon. A social hour
followed the business meeting and
the hostesses, Mesdames Berry and
Ealtlwin and Miss Mover, served cake
in;! cofiee.
Calendar for the Twentieth Century
Hub:
Educational and Literary, Feb. 12. :
Home Economics department Feb. 7.
Club day, Tuesday, Feb. 6.
Millinery department, Miss Angius,
Feb. 5.
O.i Feb. 20 the Mime economics de
partment will give a demonstration
of meat cutting at the Y. M. C. A. gym
nasium from two until four. The Wo
men's club and the domestic science
classes are invited to attend and each
member may invite three guests.
The Millinery class of the club will
meet at the home of Miss Angius Mon
day, Feb. 5. The class is under k the
direction of Mrs. C. S. Wilson.
The Literary department is making
a study of the lives and works of
present day authors. The educational
classes are studying English and dic
tion using the best magazines and
authorities for their work.
The delegates from the state federa
tion will make their report Tuesday
afternoon and all members are urged
to attend.
LAUGHS WHEN SHE
THINKS HOW EASILY.
SHE FOOLED GOTHAM
Going Through Bisbee
Shops 1 Noticed That-"
7 f.i'
SUA
7 r
y g. . - y - '
Miss Louise Sachen.
Misj Louise Sachen, daugher of a
Kansas City laborer and until recent
ly a "bean shooter" in a Chicago
boarding house, went to New York in
search of excitement. There she
;msed as a daughter of Alaska, and
old reporters how she had spent her
life under the arctic circle New
Vo: "fell for it" and for ten days
the papers were fuil of pictures of '
her and interviews with her. Then
the truth came out and Miss Sachen
disappeared.
SENATE DEMOCRATS
DISCUSS REVENUE BILL
WASHINGTON. Feb. 3. Demo
cratic members of the Senate finance
committee conferred tonight on plans
for consideiation of the administra
tion revenue, which passed the House
yesterday. Hearings have been asked
and probably will be granted on the
provision for the bill for a tax of
per cent on net incomes of corpora
tions in excess of an exempted fr,i00
and 8 per cent profit on investments.
About Constipation.
Certain articles 'of diet tend to
check movements of the bowels. The
most common of these are cheese, tea
and boiled milk. On the other hand
raw fruits, especially apples and ban
anas, also graham bread and whole
wheat bread promote a movement of
the bowels. When the bowels are
badly constipated, fyowever, the sure
way is to take jne or two of Cham
berlain's Tablets immediately after
supper. (Advertisement)
Tan and gray lead the color line.
The lead in silks is taken by yarn
dyed Tussarhs.
The new skirts for sports' wear are
made tif soft striped satins.
There are also present in the spring
materials, velvet wools with soft
twills and basket weaves.
Blue spruce is an excellent color,
but it really is a shade, of green.
Cress gteeii is another shade for
spring clothing, and is distinctly a
street shade.
Purple and rose are likely to con
tinue popular for sports and evening
wear.
Among the fabrics of the manufac
turers this season, the tones Vf tan
and gray are almost without number.
They begin with a light shade caUxl
pampas, and include a medium shade
known as clay, and u slightly darker
shade known as burro. Then they
drift off into castor, and two shades
between castor and tan, then into a
light platinum, and a silver bride's
gray.
A pretty coat suit for spring wear
is chartreuse. It is embroidered in
the same color with touches of old
blue. The coat points at the hips.
A taffeta afternoon gown of Bride's
gray is trimmed with rose anil silver
irresdescent beads and Outings of the
same material.
Gold will be a good sports c'jlor,
and a number of the advance dresses
the shops are showing are of gold and
mustard colors chartreuse.
A tendency toward military red is
apparent.
Violet and gray are the best colors
for spring and the most popular ones
of Eut'.ipe.
Periwinkle blue is smart for after
poon or evening wear.
Lingerie blouses are late things in
waists. All are hand embroidered
and sometimes finished with tucks
made of hand hemstitching and touch
es of hand-made lace.
The shops are show ing sonie beauti
ful new silks, which are popular and
tasty for pretty spring gowns.
A petticoat seen in local stores has
a ruffle composed of four frills of
chiffon cloth, edged with net and rib
bon. White has been regarded as a bride's
color, but now the new evening frocks
are mostly while, with touches of
color.
j Small hats and the Mushroom
shapes will be popular for the coining
season. They an- made ".f soft ma
terials and are trimmed with hand
jmade and silk Iftjwers.
I Many of the pretiy trifles in lingerie
'are of lace, joined with ribbons.
; New slippers have larsse buckle s of
ictil steel, aluminum and rliinestone.
Small leiitlu-r hats are in style.
Belts, collars and cuffs i.re smartest
when really wide.
New skir's and dresses have pietty.
odd. gathered pockets.
Periwinkle blue is elomiaaut for the
children. Little dr.-sses in silks,
voils or organdies i'rtr pretty, trimmed
'with embroidery and lace.
When You Have a Cold.
It is whe n you have a severe culei
t!'a( vim appreciate ti e eevMl qua'itie
of 'liamherlain's CoiKh Remedy. M'-.
Frank Crocker. I'aiia. 111.. Vkrit-;
"ur five year old smi Paul e aiigh'
tic vet cold l.'.st winter thai settled on
lii! hums mid he hnd terrible cough
i i? spell. We wvre grciitlv worried
about iiitn as ttie medicines we gnvt
jhim eiiel not heip him in the lejsf. A.
neighbor i-poke so highly of Chamber
lain's ( ".jiigh Remedy that I got i bot
tle of it. The first de.-e beeliieil him
'so much that 1 continued giving it to
I him until he was cured."
j (Advertisement)
; DUNDEE PROGRESS.
JEROME. Fe b. ". The Dundee Ari
. zone mine here is now in shape to
, produce copper and that in great nuan
'. tities. A great blanket of oopper
, has bee n discovered upholding ihe
j expressed opinion of many familiar
: with the t'-rraiu that this will be a
steam shuvel proposition. Already
i thi'te are i.j. wards o' e ton" of or
marketed.
v I
Shop -:- Phon sr. j
4 i ???7ri-H
Newfero's -Herpicide
Aids Nature and Keeps the Scap
Clean From Dandruff
Reasonable care and effort are all
that are reUired te enable almost
any woman to have good hair. When
the hair f a;ls out and is stringy, un
even, dry, brittle and generally un
sightly, thecondition is nearly always
due to dandruff.
Before the hair will grow naturally
and luxuriantly, the scale-like accu
mulation must be
GOING!
removed and the
dancruit eradi
cate! That is
what Newbro's
Herpicide docs.
It is an aid to
nature. Herpi
cide keeps the
scalp clean, adds a softness and lus
ter to the hair which indicates neat in.
It "ot only prevents the hair from
falling out but causes it to become
one of woman's greatest charms.
P.eautiful hair and lots of it may be
the reward of every woman willing
to devote a little personal effort to
the use of the First and Original
Germ-Remedy for Dandruff. Heipi
cidc stops itching of the scalp. It
has an exquisite odor.
You can obtain a trial size bottle
and booklet telling ail about the
hair by sending ten cents in postage
or silver to The Herpicide Co.,
Dept. S, Detroit,
NO I! GONEMI m- , ,
g UUI wrairi
sells Herpicide
in two sizes. &0
cents andil.tX
and guarantees
satisfactory re
sults or money
) refunded. Insist upen having gen
iuine Herpicide and not some "off
(brand "said to be "just as good"
j preparation. The substitute costs
i you just as much as the real article,
j Why take chances?
Heroicide ant.'.ications obtained at
the better barber shops and kair
dressing parlors. y
Cet Acquainted with the
RIAMNEIX
Method oi Caring
for Scalp and Hair
eif.-'-five in r't.in(i hsir U n iuid
j.Ti m-H.'.ir: n::r iieultii and icrotv th.
fire n't-olu'e freedom frro Irif:ttim.
v. 1 1' 'j nui Willi urk.
F-'l. r;i,ic.finn f thm
'r: -a ti t 'h'Hi jnfu VH tJHrl
McDonald's . MartneMo
Special Bargains Tomorrow al
iT5!? f7 A ?J'C
$
Vvindow
ale
$
A FRIEND'S
ADVICE
w oman Saved From a Sen
ou Surgical Operation.
Ijouisville, Ky. "For four years I
suffered from female troubles, head
aches, and nervousness. I could not
sleep, had no appetite and it hurt me te)
walk. If I tried to do any work, I
would have to lie down before it was
finished. The doc
tors said I would
have to be opera
ted on and I simply
broke down. A
friend advised m
to try Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vege
table Compound,
and the result is I
feel like a new wom
an. I am well and
strong, do all my
OWn hollftA wnrlr nl
have an eight pound baby girl. I know
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com
pound saved me from an operation
which every woman dreads. " Mrs.
Nellie Fishback, 1521 Christy Ave.,
Louisville, Ky.
Everyone naturally dreads the sur
geon's knife. Sometimes nothing else
will do. but many times Lydia E. Pink
ham's Vegetable Compound has saved
the patient and made an operation un
necessary. If you have any symptom about which
you would like to know, write to the
Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn,
Mass., for helpful advice given free. -
ATWI
r
THE LITTLE PORTABLE GAS HEATER ENABLES YOU
TO QUICKLY CONVERT THE COLDEST ROOM IN
YOUR HOUSE TO WARMTH AND CHEER IT GIVES
b i .1, 1 '
--...r5 - , -2
P'nkTyifnyf ! WHERE YOU WANT IT
VUUliUlt WHEN YOU WANT IT
LIGHTS AT THE FLASH OF A MATCH CONNECTS
BY A FLEXIBLE METALLIC TUBE AND CAN BE
EASILY MOVED FROM ONE ROOM TO ANOTHER.
i r
Hi ? Reliable" I
I
f
-
i
QUICK
SAFE CLEAN
Prices $2.75 to $7.00
cfa inn
mSm 1 i I ' FOUR
THE BISBfcE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 4, iyi7.
.'-3 t.yA i-yf'-w
. t if ui
Lft
KM
pr?
1
V . ..
m
I? ill A
mw iuiAJ
C
111 AJ n I 1 IL w
"S3
n h a a
Ott MM
Ii
Aw
'
m-
I-,.., S.
.... ?A V. r-.
-v.. - -t.fl t
3 ..V I ' J
J
4
,,i.
I'. ' .i". I .jlk'i D:.:J
CAPITAL STOCK, $2,000,009
PAR VALUE $LC0
One Millioii Shares Have llcen Paid for '.he Properties. v
Present Issue, 250,000 Shares
Will Be Sold for
$1.00 Per Share
Treasury Reserve 750,000 Shares
The Entire Million Shares Issued for Properties Has Been Pooled"
1 until June 1st.
It is Worthy of Note Here that Only 2.5C0 Shares of Stock Were
Given for Each Acre of tills Highly Mineralized Ground.
STATEMENT FROM REPORT OF
Br. Walter Harvey Weed
It is evident from my inspection of the property that the Old
Hat District covers an area of sedimentary rocks overlying a diorite
r.ass, cut by dykes and sheets of the rock. These old limestones are
nighly altered as the result of inteiise contr.ct nietamorphism, and in
places these altcied rocks are heavily mia- rahzed. Tl.e central area
north and east cf Marble Peak is cut by t.v intersecting ciioritc dykes
with ore bearing contacts. This contact is covered by the M-arH-;
Peak group of the Company's clairas and about 1 ,500 fect of ihe iii-:.in
contact is covered by claims near the Can p. 1 he northern group be
longing to the Company covers an easterly extension or contact for
2,300 feet.
Comjaring the Company s holdings v-'ilh those in the sunie dis
trict owned by the Copper Queen Company, I find they conlein ore
bodies of ihe same character, that they contain as high f;rade ore, and
may develop ore bodies of similar grade. Existing openings are not
sufficient to warrant any statement as to tc nnage, but I Kee no reason
why development should not prove ore bocies to be equally extensive.
Inasmuch as the property shows ore bo'Jies needing development, and
as such work can be largely confined to v ork in and along ore beds
already known, I feel the property meriis f.nancing for the purpose of
further development. "
v I recommended immediate energetic rr ining of high grade ore ami
the shipment to Hayden smelters by auto trucks or teams. At the
same time, development should be carried out at each of the four
groups of claims owned by the Company. I consider that developed
tonnage is as yet too small to warrant any estimate of eii'ner cost or
possible profit. Development alone can c'stermine tonnage, and the
cost of this development is warranted by l ie facts observed.
Dr. Weed's complete leport is too le il'iy (0 publish here,, but
anyone desiring to do so may read the complete report at our ofike.
I
The Company
Owns 22 Claims
or About 400 Acres
of Mineral Ground
No Indebtedness and Money Derived from this Issue of
Stock will be Devoted to Actual Development
of Fresent Known Ore Bodies.
The Company has water-power rights of 500 H. P.
for future use, but the present development will be car
ried cn by machinery now being installed and utilizing
wcod for fuel for developing power for hoists, air and
piirps. (There being plenty of wood for development
adjacent to property.)
To the Conservative
investor
the e-ser.tie.l facts in regard to the policy of the Com
pare arc at once apparent.Thcy are confining efforts to
Development of
A.n
own" Ore
and during development are ir. position to ship high
grades and take advantage ot present prices of copper.
An adit leye! which has been driven two hundred
feet through the dioiite on group 3 shows on the contact
twenty-five foot ore body which is widening with a
promise of massive proportions
C.
- DUDSCnpIiOilS '
leceived sy- -s-.
TUCSON, ARIZONA.
II
1
FISCAL AGENTS, 24 NO. STONE AVE.
or L. J. OVERLOCK, Bisbee
BROKERS
PHONE 949
'iJTUl.I.' -.
J For the Review's Biggest and Best Vote Offer
For 5 Six Mont
LI
lis Subscriptions
Before Next Saturday, February 10, 9 P. M.
Via
-x fid n
mMmm Mta hMMfiimmmFi m
If N
No
mination
Blank
Below
AND ENTER YOUR NAME RIGHT NOW. THEN GET A RECEIPT HOOK FROM THE CONTEST EDITOR -AND IN
LESS TIME THAN IT TAKES TO TELL HE .WILL SHOW YOU HOW TO GET 5 SIX MONTHS' SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
RIGHT OFF THE REEL YOU GET 15,000 VOTES EXTRA IN ADDITION TO THE SCHEDULE BELOW JUST 15,000
VOTES MORE THAN THE CANDIDATE WHO FAILS TO CONSULT HIM.
VOTE SCHEDULE.
VOTES ALLOWED AND SUBSCRIPTION PRICE
FOR PAID-IN-ADVANCE SUBSCRIPTIONS TO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW.
3 months subscription $ 2.25 500 -Votes
6 months subscription 4.00 1 200 Votes
1 year's subscription . . 7.50 3000 Votes
2 years' subscription 15.00 8000 Votes
N0te: The same number of votes are allowed for
either NEW cr RENEWAL subscriptions.
(5oo(l for
5000
VOTES.
tarnation Coupon
C'.ood for
5003
VOTES.
BisLee Daily Review Greater Automojbile and Prize
Contest.
Good for
1 0
Votes.
Vote Coupon
Good for
1 0
Votes.
The Bisbee Daily Review
Greater Automobile and Prize Contest.
For Mrs. or Miss
Address '
Nt pood if deposited after February Iltli. Clip as many ot these
coupons as vou ran and ask your trtctnis to clip tlu-ni for you.
Coupons must be deposited in flat packages and not rolled. Clip
neatly on border lines.
m
V. . He
Nominate -Mrs. or Miss
Address (Describe location)
i'lione Number
Ncm'.nated by myself or , -
Address ,
Note: N;int'S of parties nominating candidates will not be divulged
without the consent cf persons so nominating them. Only one nomi
nation coupon 'will count tor each candidate.
EVERYBODY WANTS THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
EVERY FRIEND OF YOURS WILL VOTE FOR YOU
ENTER YOUR NAME AT ONCE. -:- -:
SEE THE CONTEST EDITOR IN THE MORNING
FOLLOW HIS ADVICE TOMORROW. -:
YOUR TOTAL WILL LOOK LIKE A WINNER THE
DAY AFTER. -:- -:- -:- -:- -: SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 4, 1917.
LOSES UNITED VERDE
BUT RETURNS TO OLD
CAMP ON NEW VENTURE
W. S. Cooper, Once Had Op
tion on Famous Property,
Died Recently, But His As
sociates. Continue Work.
The sudden rrlapse and death of the
roll kn'jwn mining engineer and au
thority. Mr. L. Cooper, in the Lost
1'ines IMstrict, Inyo county, California,
last week after an aoiiint at the
Bunker Hill Mine, which he has been
putting on a producing basis, and the
recent active entry of his business as
sociate, Mr. M. Morgan, into two pro
minent Jerome properties, the (ireat
Verde Kxtension and the Mingus
group. h;is brought to light an inter
esting happening of thirty years ago.
Cooper, who has guided many big
operators in their mining operations,
had examined the United Verde prop
erty, decided it was what it turned
out to be." and secured an aption. he
told Mr. Morgan, the price being $50,
(h)0. Going to New Vork Mr. Cooper
arranged for the money, his principal
to come west to complete the details
of the purchase and payment. Now
came the accident that gave Senator
Clark the chance to get the mine, and
the wealth which has followed its de
velopment, said in round figures to be
over forty millions of dollars. The
buyer started on time from New York
City, prepared to make payment and
to close the deal, and ample time had
been allowed for him to visit the mine
before concluding the purchase.
At Denver, the little god of chance,
or fate as it may be, stepped in. A
telegram caught him on the train
telling of his wife being injured in a
street car accident, and calling him
hack at once. He returned by the
next train, the accident resulted fatal
ly, and before the matter of the mine
purchased could be taken up again
the option expired. Senator Clark.
Mr. Cooper said, was on the spot, with
his purchase money in gold, promptly
on the minute, and closed the pur
chase. Tthat was thirty years ago,
but Mr. Cooper never forgot the pos
sibilities of the Jerome district, and
it was this confidence that caused Mr.
Morgan to examine with more than
ordinary interest the possibilities of
the district, with the outcome that he
is now heavily interested in the camp
and with his associates committed to
a program that means a great deal
of activity, in the development cf
mines without delay.
GLORY HOLE MINE.
SALOME (Ariz.), Feb. 3. Copper
sulphides in large (piantities have
bren encountered in the development
""ork on the famous Glory Hole mine.
This was found in the footwall for
mation and cot in the ledge. They
are in general in such shape us to
indicate pernancy and quantity. A
short crosscut will be started at once
to determine the extent of the new
findings. The installation of new ma
chinery and equipment which has
been delayed on account of the re
cent inclement weather is now going
forwr.rd in fine shape.
OIL STRIKE REPORTED
OATMAN. Ariz.. Feb. 3. Renorts of
an oil strike by the Chino Valley Oil '
company between Seligman and Del
Rio on the property where the com
pany has been drilling for some time,
have reached here. Indications of the
presence of 'oil in this section have
been known for years but this is the
first verified report of a real strike.
Several automobile loads of local en
thusiasts left immediately for the
scene anxious to get in on the first
rush to the country.
OLD-TIMERS IN.
Two hale and hearty old-timers from
the San I'edro country, Dan McGowan
and Dick Todd, roamed into Eisbee
yesterday for a brief visit.
TRY IT! SUBSTITUTE
FOR NASTY CALOMEL
Starts Your Liver Without Making
You Sick And Can not
Salivate.
Every druggist in town your drug
gist and everybody's druggist has not
iced a great fa!ling-ofT in the sale of
cp'omel. They n; j-'v- the same rea
fon. Dodson's I.iver Tone is taking its
ri-c
"Calomel is dangerous and people
know it, while Dodson's Liver Tone is
perfectly safe and gives better re
sults." said a prominent local druggist.
Dodson's Liver Tone Js personally
guaranteed by every druggist who sells
it. . A large bottle costs 50 cents, and
if it fails to give easy relief in every
rase of liver sluggishness and consti
pation, you have only to ask for your
money hack.
Dodson's Liver Tone is a pleasant
tasting, purely vegetable remedy, harm
less to both children and adults. Take
a spoonful at night and wake up feel
ing fine; no biliousness, s'ck headache
acid stomach or constipated bowels.
It doesn't gripe or cause inconvenience
all the next day like violent calomel.
Take a dose of calomel today and to
morrow you will feel weak, sick and
nauseated. Don't lose a day's work!
Take Dodson's Liver Tone instead and
feel fine, full of vigor and ambition.
Advertisement.
yr -"-fans; V- -.v?
ir.jiii ii i . 1 . ' W.-J-J.... . - - ini i1H iH H 'II!. I IIMllMTIl-im -. ' . )l
V IS
TT TfS A
VERDE
EXTENSION
CAPITAL STOCK $750,000
PAR VALUE OF SHARES 25 CENTS
JEROME,
ARIZONA
15c
ifiw Tnr 1-n i m i ii warm -"
urn wmmiijM wm hh ai n mvm arm n '
ru
PVy71 4
24- S 1
JLJLS
jt :& df it-Aiacafta wiil
fii flea B
3 5
ftkr-i
r.i rta mCm' Oi-,ir-x ki
-f.W S . -M E . V I , I 1 I II I I H ft r I a a M mmm I V i mmm M a - a 4 lmm -mw -w - A
V-J
2 UNITED Vf UEROME VERDE I Ex fK
1 . aT aW III t aW . aw itV
L A COMPANY S
w
a a" am .
COPPERCOM
.1
V
JEROME-JUMBO
COrrcK CO. '
Great Verde Extension Copper Co. owns Seven Claims as shown above and Two Tunnel Site Claims close to railroad and surrounaed by United Verde Extension
The men who will tell a year from now of petting
GREAT VERDE EXTENSION at FIFTEEN CENTS
are the men who do buying now not next month, or
next week but today. r
COPPER prices are again going up. The future of the
industry is extraordinary. That is why "big" money is
rushing development in the Jerome district.
Either "war" or "Peace" will have to do without some
copper during the last half of this year.
Experts predict THIRTY-FIVE cent copper by July 1st.
There is no limit in sight to the demand for copper for
years.
No one has to be told that even FIFTEEN CENT copper
means enormous profits for Jerome mines, but never
have there been such opportunities as Jerome offers
now.
Beyond any doubt or question this minute is the time to
put aside some money in a coming copper company in
the JEROME district.
Shares bought now for FIFTEEN CENTS mav easily be
selling for FIFTEEN DOLLARS br FIFTY DOLLARS'
before the year is over.
UNITED VERDE EXTENSION shares (adjoining
GREAT VERDE EXTENSION) could be bought for
FORTY CENTS two years ago when it was a prospect.
Now its earnings are rising to a MILLION DOLLARS a
month, and its shares are close to FORTY DOLLARS
each.
TEN THOUSAND PER CENT ADVANCE IN TWO
YEARS. This is not ancient history. It has just hap
pened. It will happen again.
GREAT VERDE EXTENSION offers the same chance.
Every mining man familiar with Jerome knows the ad
vantages of the location of this property ON THE
LINE. ,
Seven of the claims are surrounded by the UNITED
VERDE EXTENSION. DUNDEE-ARIZONA, MITCHELL-CASE,
JEROME-DEL MONTE and MINGUS
GROUP. Seven of the most important Jerome opera- .
tions. including UNITED VERDE and UNITED
VERDE EXTENSION, are in a straight line from the
GREAT VERDE EXTENSION to the JEROME VIC
TOR EXTENSION.
R. V. LeGrand, Geologist and Mining Engineer, in
strongly recommending the development - of GREAT
VERDE EXTENSION, lays special emphasis upon its
being "ON THE LINE".
Walter Harvey Weed, the Great Copper Expert, also
. calls attention to this in reporting upon the adjoining
MINGUS GROUP (also controlled by those comprising
this SYNDICATE) on which he recommends a shaft be
sunk. ,
Further, it was brought but in court testimony that the
UNITED VERDE EXTENSION bought its holdings
adjoining GREAT VERDE EXTENSION BECAUSE
OF THE ASSUMED TREND OF THE ORE IN THAT
DIRECTION. ;
LOOK AT THE MAP. DUNDEE-ARIZONA has
.shipping ore now. GREAT VERDE EXTENSION is
NEXT IN LINE, AND, the property still further to the
EAST and adjoining GREAT VERDE EXTENSION
has just been acquired by important copper people.
These people have the reputation in copper mining of
knowing what they are about.
GREAT VERDE EXTENSION has all these advant
ages, with a splendid natural location for operation, no
roads to build, and a reasonably sure prospect of a rail
road through its property within a short time.
Every condition indicate quick development at a law
cost, and Engineers believe the ore will be found at less
than SEVEN HUNDRED FEET.
We believe it, too. Hence our determination to make a
producing mine with all possible dispatch.
That is why these shares are being sold at FIFTEEN
CENTS. Treasury stock WILL NOT BE OFFERED
AT LESS THAN THIRTY CENTS.
The purpose is to use the money from the sale of these
shares to finance the sale of treasury stock.
.Shares now offered are owned by this Syndicate, and
HAVE BEEN SET ASIDE FOR THIS PURPOSE.
The olan has the approval and commendation of the
ARIZONA CORPORATION COMMISSIONER.
W. P. Geary, who has just retired from the ARIZONA
CORPORATION COMMISSION, is PRESIDENT OF
GREAT VERDE EXTENSION. O. S. X AKELING
is VICE PRESIDENT and GENERAL MANAGER. B.
W. YORICK is SECRETARY and TREASURER.
Mr. Wakeling is General Manager of the Arizona Mine
Supply Co., has a long and successful record, is a Min
ing Engineer, and was nine years General Manager of
the Benicia (California) Iron Works.
Mr. Yorick has had long experience in Canadian metal
concerns, and is recognized as a successful man in the
industrv. , -
GREAT VERDE EXTENSION owns its property
(about 1 70 acres) outright, free and clear of any debt.
This Syndicate paid cash for it, and accepted shares for
their interest. .'
These shares have been put in escrow while capital is
secured to develop the property, and it is some of these
shares that are being sold at FIFTEEN CENTS.
Capital stock of the Company is $750,000, same a?
UNITED VERDE EXTENSION, whose shares now
have a cash market value of about $60,000,000. al
though not over $250,000, it is said, was required to
develop it.
GREAT VERDE EXTENSION has much more to go
on than UNITED VERDE EXTENSION had when it
started. We earnestly believe it will do equally as well.
That is why we are in it.
We believe our shares, when released from escrow un
der the Corporation Commission requirement, will have
a cash market value of several dollars per share, and that
this will be within the year.
It is some of these shares we are offering at FIFTEEN
CENTS and because the amount we are willing to sell
is small, the offer is made subject to prior sale.
MAKE ALL CHECKS PAYABLE TO THE BANK
OF JEROME.
JEROME MAP FREE
MAKE ALL CHECKS TO THE BANK OF JEROME
Great Verde Extension
Syndicate
S. H. WARD, . Secretary
Main Offices,
JEROME, - - ARIZONA
Fill in your name and address and
mail us this coupon if you would
like a handy map of the Jerome
District. It is absolutely Free - no
obligation attached.
Name
Street
Town and State
1C1?
BANK OF JEROME,
Jrrome, Arizona.
Gentlemen: Herewith f:iul for . SVarca
of capital stock of GREAT VERDE EXTENSION COPPER CO., owned br the Great
Verde Extension Syndicate, and deposited in trust with Robt. K. Porter. mean:i
ending me a Trustees' Receipt, which will be exchanged for the baarr wltca Ui
trust is terminate!.
100 Shares are
250
roo
1,000
1,500
10,000
t 15.00
37.50
7"0O
150 00
750 00
1500.C0
USE THIS FORM TELEGRAPH IF AT A DISTANCI-
i ri mm at'ni'ef THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 4, 1917.
SEVEN
i
owell
Jewelry
A
NATHANSON & MARCELLUS
We
Main St
BY GERMAN DEGREE
SHIPS TO ENGLAND
MUST GROSS MINES
LONDON", Feb. 3. The German
danger zones have created a serious
complication concerning shipping be-
. , a viQwt anil I
tween American, oiauuiuo.iau ......
Dutch ports, owing to the British
blockade policy requiring ships bound
eastward or westward to enter Kirk
wall. As Kirkwall is 50 miles inside the
danger zone, American, Dutch and
Scandinavian ships conforming to the
present regulations cannot avail them
selves of the open, mine-free channel
specified in Germany's memorandum
but must run the danger of mine
fields in reaching Kirkwall. This dif-!
ficulty is recognized by the British!
FEW FOLKS HAVE
GRAY HAIR NOW
Well-known local druggist saysj
cvcrybiKly is using old-time
recipe of Sage Tea and
Sulphur.
le examined at sea by the British J
blockade fleet stationed between the
Faroe Island and Iceland.
Another alternative suggested is for
the examination of cargoes by British
agents at American, Scandinavian
unit Dutch Dorts before deuarture of
I vessels. A thiid suggestion is for
I Bn examination to be made at some
Hp B IT J I British colonial port, like Halifax. The
AXLd I later two alternatives are not consid-
A I pred feasible, however, as the A""eri-
can goverr.ment would not yield the
' nint of examination at home or in
I Panada. Under the present system
; te dinlomat'c representatives at
Washington. Copenhagen and else
where issue a certificate of assurance
i when cargoes are shown not to be
; contraband.
! The shippers thereafter accept the
' cargoes backed up by such certificates
: and stop at Kirkwall, where the cer
1 tificate assures them quick examina
! tion and the avoidance of detention at
! sea. But as the system is not com-
pulsory a number of steamers con
tinue to run the risks of not putting
in at Kirkwall. One American ship
j recently got through the British block
ade and now is at a Norwegian port
The number of blockade runners, how
ever, is comparatively small, as most
of the traffic between the United
States, Scandinavia and Holland is
carried on by three large trans-Atlantic
companies handling passengers
and freight and by tramp steamers
which have been consolidated under
one general control for observance of
the blockade restriction.
Now that there Is a German block
ade to the British blockade, neutral
less will be considered by the war ships will be subject to a rtouoie cor
'catinet. tdon, which is expected largely to In-
1 Meantime shipping circles are anxi- ; crease the dangers and also to lead
nnslv canvassing what alternatives to more blockade running, owiug to
We have just received a new assortment of
the latest designs in
diamonds, watches and
jewelry. Expert watch
and jewelry repairing.
All work guaranteed.
strive to please.
LowelL
fit
V
authorities, as well as in American
and Scandinavian shipping circles,
and it doubtless will receive attention
with a view to relieving American
and other ships from being forced to
run serious risks while seeking exam
ination. For the present, howeveY, the for
,. . . pi. eign oi nee is not wiumg iu uibcubs
Complications Arise, AS rai- what course may be pursued, as the
mouth Is Mined, Where All whole range of questions raised by
Shins Must Enter Instead the new German danger zones. doum
cf Kirkwall.
can be provided. One suggestion is j the increased premium
that American and Scandinavian ships risks.
for heavy
BILLY SUNDAY WILL HtT TRAIL THAT
WILL LEAD HIM TO MANY BIG CITIES
Hair that loses its color and lustre, ;
or when it lades, turns gray, dull and j
lift less, is caused by a lack of sulphur :
in the hair. Our grandmother made j
up a mixture of Sage Tea and Sulphur ;
to keep hr locks dark and beautiful,
and thousands of women and men who j
value that even color, that beautiful
dark shade of, hair which is so at-j
tractive, ue 'only this old-time recipe. ;
Ndwadays we get this famous mix-1
ture improved by the addition of other j
ingredients by asking at any d:ugf
store for a 50-cent bottle of "Wyeth's ;
Sage and Sulphur Compound," which j
darkens the hair so naturally, so even- j
ly, that nobody can possibly tell it has j
been applied. You just dampen a
ep'jnge or soft brush with it and draw
this throuch vour hair, taking one
small strand at a time. By morning j
the gray hair disappears: but what lie-
lights the Indies with Wyeth's Sago j
and Sulphur Compound, is that, be- i
sides beautifully darkening the hair i
after a few applications, it also brings '
back the gloss and lustre and gives i
it an appearance of abundance. j
Wyeth's Sage and Sulphur Com-.
pound is a delightful toilet requisite j
to impart color and a youthful appear-!
ance to the hair. It is n'.)t intended I
for the cure,
of disease.
s ' ' &r -4? s. !
i Her J V WfK '
v& jr
"$r f 7 k
h ' li?A ! ?
. &m V - i '
mitigation or prevention
(Advertisement)
, Lilly Sunday on the platform and in his own home.
Billy. Sunday will start a revival in Buffalo soon. From there he will
jro to New York city and hold meeting's for many weeks; then to ?'l'i. -irro;
then to Washini'ton, D. C; then to St. Louis early next year far tluva
months: then to Providence, R. I.; Richmond, Va.; Dallas. Texas; Ro;-lie.,t.T,
N". Y.; Minneapolis, and early in 1919 to Duluth. After Duluth lie will hjlj
meetings in New Orlecns. Portland. Ore., and San Francisco.
rm
The M Economical
impressod Air for lining
Is manufactured by our N-SO Compressors. They were developed
primarily to produce operating economies heretofore thought un
obtainable with reliable, dependable equipment.
Built in over 300 sizes and styles for operation
by steam, belt, short belt with idler, gasoline on
fuel oil engine, or direct motor drive.
Send For Bulletin Now.
Schweitzer Machine Company
Mining Machinery Department.
TUCSOIi -:. -:- -:- " ARIZONA
M
, U i
Opening
OF OUR NEW CLOTHING DEPARTMENT $PECIAUZLNG
"GOLD BOND'' CLOTHES FOR MEN AND YOUNG MEN
AT ONE PRICE ONLY
No. (n) N
MomP- Less
THESE SUITS ARE EQUAL TO THE BEST AT $30.
So why pay more. We absolutely guarantee these Suiti t be all wool and hand tailored. A new
suit FREE if the one you buy does not give you perfect aatisfaction.
7 REASONS WHY "GOLD BOND" CLOTHES RETAIN THEIR SHAPE:
1.
2.
3.
4.
Canvas which has been thoroughly shrunk.
High-pick hair-cloth insures shape retain
ing. Fine quality white felt.
Silicia strips.
5. Linen tape, felled on by hand.
6. All linen stays, used to prevent pockets
from sagging.
7. Patented neck pad, wKch eliminates
wrinkles below the collar.
WE WILL BE PLEAS
ED TO SHOW YOU,
WHETHER YOU
BUY OR NOT.
K?iJi&kWi MAIN STREET, BISBEE.
See Our
Windows
MOLYBDERITE STRIKE MADE.
WIKENBl'Rt;. Ariz.. Feb. A vein
of molybdernite fifty feet in width has
been opened in the Hamlin Wash sec
tion. The great , body of ore carries
wulfenite throuKhmn and is easily
separated at the concentration plant
now working under the same roof as
the sampler here. Thos. Walsh, man
ager of the mine, has recently erected
a hoist and installed machinery. A
t'ontract has been made to deliver "u'J
ums of ore per month. The concentrate.-,
ko to Lavine and company
of Philadelphia. This mine is one of
the Ada C Kroup and is twelve miles
northwest of here.
Numbers of prospectors are now
working in tile White Tank moun
tains in senrek 'jf copper.
BOXER EXONERATED.
ALBANY. N. Y.. Feb. 3. There
was no act of criminality committed
in connection with the boxing bout
here Tuesday nii;ht, in which Stephen
T. McDonald was killed by a blow un
der the heart delivered by William .
(Toddy) Hicks. Coroner Warren S.
Hastings decided atter an inciuest here
today. He discharged IIi(ks and six
other men, including officers of (he
sporting club which staged the bout
and seconds of the principals who
had teen under bail on a charge uf
manslaughter.
HIGH HEELS PUT
CORNS ON TOES
Tells women to dry up a corn
so it lifts out without pain.
Modern hiyh-he'cled footwear buc
kles the toes and produces corns, and
many of the thousands of hospital
cases of. infection .arid lockjaw rre the
result of woman's suicidal habit of
tiying to cut away these painful p sts
For little cost there can be obtain
ed at any pharmacy a iiart'T of an
ounce of a drug called freezone. which
is sufficient to rid one's feet of every
bard or soft corn or callous without
the slightest danger or inconvenience.
A few drops applied directly upon
the tender, aching corn stops the
soreness and shortly the entire corn,
root and all, lifts right out. It is a
sticky substance, which diies the
moment is it applied, and thousanus
of men and women use it because tln
corn shrive!sup and comes out wilh
rut inflaming or even irritating the
surrounding tissue or sjin. Cut this
out and try it if your corns bother
you. Advertisement.
NOTICE OF INTENTION TO SELL
STOCK O LUMBER. ' '
Notice is hefeby given. 01 the in
tention .)f the uihI Tsined to sell unto
Gibson Mines Lumber' Company, a
corporation, all of their stock or lum
ber at No. 1" Main Street. Tomb
stone Canyon, between what is known
as the liiggins and Laundry Stops on
the car line of tin; Warren Company
on said Main Stru t IVr the considera
tion of $i.r..r.u.M, on the'i::th day of
February. l'MT. for cash.
Dated at Uisbce. Arizona. February
1, 1'J17.
1IOWAKD : WnK'ITUNtnoN
W11.LA1!!) T. WOKTIUNC.TON
I'KKUY T. WOKTHINCTON.
Stale of Arizona )
) ss. ;
Coiinlv of Cochise ) 1
'This iiistriiii.cnt was acknowledged
Iclote me this da o Krlniar.
J!tl7. b Howard I. Worl Inn-loll. Wit
laid T. Woitliingttni. and I'erry V.
Woitliiiiyloii.
KDW. J.
(Sea!)
(My commission
11)20.)
1
8
Exciting Times
like the present is when
everyone should keep thor
oughly posted on world
events. The Review leased
wire service will keep you in
formed on all the war news
and now is the time to hand
, in your subscription. Call at
the office and arrange for the
carrier to deliver the Review
to your door every morning.
P
H
O
N
E
PHONE 39
FLAMXIAN.
Notary Public. j
expires Feb. -P. .
SS3
i EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 4, 1917.
3 '
'FOWNES' Kid Gloves for Spring
- J iisi received our first shipment of kill glovetf
for spring. White, novelties Willi self and von
trusting stitching. Also Black. Grey and Tun
Gloves in all sizes. WFAR "FOWNE'S"-Hit y
cost no more than the kind you buy carelessly,
without looking for t lie name.
0STERM00R Mattresses
-$20 Values for . $18.50
Heavy art ticks in floral designs colors pink, blue and .yellow, l'i
of your life is spent in bed so lie Rood to yourself by putting an
"OSTERMOOR" on your bed. A niiantity purchase enables us to offer
these at this price.
We Announce Beginning Monday Morning at Both Our Bister and Lowell Stores Our
There is quantity to last two or three
days, but since the plums are alwavs
picked early, we urge that you be her
promptly tomorrow; first choosing is al
ways most satisfactory.
1
- 2.
I'M foM::v i!l ;,..:-:r
ANNUAL - SALE - OF - UNDERMUSLIRS
i
0
I
To women, with their love of dainty things, it is a treat just to look upon the rows of counters and tables piled high with
fresh, snowy garments for this sale. Everything is so new, so tasteful, so well made. There will be nothing which sug
gests the ordinary sale, except the great crowds and the very attractive prices.
In the Ten Large Lots combined you'll find Combinations, Princess Slips, Petti
coats, Drawers, Corset Covers, Gowns and Envelope Chemises all accurately cut
and made and beautifully trimmed with exquisite embroideries, lace and ribbons.
As to prices-We never before have given better values. Will you come and see
LOT J
$2.95
LOT A LOT B LOT C LOT D LOT E LOT F LOT G LOT H LOT I
25c 35c 50c 75c $1.00 $1.25 $1.50 $1.95 $2.50
One of the annual events of this store which has come to be gener
ally recognized as an occasion of great importance. A fixed event
and one which we plan for far in advance. We aim to offer greater
and better assortments of the new things, better values and all the
features which, year by year, make this sale of greater service and
more bene&t to the hundreds of women who anticipate its coming.
The key-note of this sale is a triple combination of GREAT
ASSORTMENTS, FINE QUALITY and LOW PRICES. If we had
not planned for and bought for this sale months ago, we could not pos
sibly offer such large assortments or such splendid values. Prices have
soared since their purchase and they are still soaring. Pretty good
reasons for your laying in your entire season's supply at this time.
We won't dwell at too great length on the desirability of the garments
offered. It is enough to say that they are equal to our regular standard
lines, because they have been selected with greatest care and special
attention to the quality of fabrics of which the garments are made, the
manner in which they are put together and the fineness of the laces and
embroideries which daintily trim them.
Undermuslins for Children
at Special Sale Prices
In the four lots combined you'll find children's
PETTICOATS, GOWNS, PRINCESS SLIPS,
DRAWERS and UNDERWAISTS.
For mothers who would avail themselves of unusual sav
ings opportunities no better time or placj could be chosen
the following prices will prevail until the present lots !re ex
hausted, but of course the sooner you come the better the
choice will be.
The high character of workmanship is worthy of particular
mention, as this important essential is too frequently neglected
in children's garments selling at these little prices The gar
ments in this sale fill the demands of fit and quality to your
utmost satisfaction.
Special Sale Prices
I0c-l5c-25c-35c-50c
I
WINTER CONDUCIVE
TO MUCH MINING
(Continued From Page One)
companies on the New York Curb in
the near future. The three properties
were examined and favorably passed
upon several months aso by Dr. Wal
ter Harvey, Weed, 'Of Nvw-York City,
a mining geologist .of international.
standing. The Verde Central property
adjoins Ue Verde Apex estate on the
east and presents similar geological
conditions, nenee Dr. Weed's recently
submitted report on the Central ap
plies in general to the Verde Apex,
Venture Hill and other contiguous
propenies. In fact. It applies with
equal force to tlie geological struc
ture of a -generous acreage within and
on both sides of the gran Verde fault.
For that reason the following excerpts
from the Weed report will doubtless
prove of interest to the mining men
who are operating in those locali
ties. -The main facts of ore occurrence,"
(Verde District), writes Dr. Weed,
"are now well known and the posi
tive characteristic features. and indi
cators of ore deposits are recognized.
It is in the application of the geo
logic theory to development work that
geologists and engineers differ. The
more prevalent opinion is that as the
ore bodies occur only in the older
schistose rocks, development work on
the most promising mineralized out
crops found within these, 'areas, is
most likely to result favorably. The
other opinion is that inasmuch as the
limestone covers and conceals the
gossan outcrops in the still buried
schist area, such areasare tbe most
promising for development work, this
rs based upon the success of the
1'nited Verde Extension work. It is
worthy of note that which ever view
may be correc t, the Verde Central
property is well located, inasmuch as
the claims cover a large area cov
ered ly the sedimentary rocks and
a smaller, but still lame acreage in
which the older rocks for n the sur
face. Result of Observations.
"My observations f'.iow that much
of the Verde Central tract Is cov
ered by limestone, but t:at the con
ditions observed in the immediately
adjacent properties indicate tiiat the
older rocks bei,eath tl is li nestonc nre
at least as well r inernlired as the
schist areas exposed, pud tiiat the
dais lie within a very favorable area.
The schist area of the group shows
nuartJ! porphyry of ra'her massively
schistose character with occasional
well defined shear planes. Though
varying much in color and appearance,
this rock is all part of one great
mass, intrusivp int tb o' !"r Yivrpal
srhists, t.r.kii:g and metjunorphosini:
them.
"The Venture vein passes from the
Venture North claim owned by the
United Verde Copper company, into
the Rock Uutte claim, forming the ex-
; tremely northeasterly end of the Ver
1 de Central tract. The vein is devel
loped in Venture ground and shows
in a shaft at the west center of the
! Venture North claim. In Verde Cen
tral ground the vein is opened "on the
I Rock Butte claim by two tunnels. In
the upper tunnel the vein pitches ap
proximately 80 degrees east, is four
feet wide and consists of sheared fis
sile quartz porphyry, darkened by
chlorite. The south, or footwall, Is
smooth and regular and shows two to
four inches it gouge and crushed
rock. A 50-foot shaft at the entrance
to the tunnel shows the vein to be
persistent, but prevented access to the
tunnel. Considerable copper-stained
schists was found on the dump pile
which undoubtedly came from the
mine workings. The lower tunnel is
about 300 feet below the summit of
the ridge. It probably ci'osscuts the
vein, but was not accessible when
visited.
Worthy of Development.
"The Verde Central shaft is located
on the Hanging wall side ot the vein,
about 75 feet vertically " below the
lower tunnel. Judging from the waste
dump this two-compartment shaft
must be about 200 feet deep and sunk
in quite massively schistose' quartz
porphyry of a greenish gray color.
The shaft appears ttj.be In good con
dition, but is filled with water to the
creek level, some 60 to 75 feet below
the collar. It is equipped with a 15
horse power gasoline hoist. I con
sider this Venture vein worthy of de
velopment by drifting, as it Is of the
Fame type as the "leaders" seen in
the United Verde and United Verde
Extension mines."
The "leaders referred to are men
tioned in the Weed report as follows:
"The discovery of the great ore
body on the United Verde Extension
1400 level was the result of following
along one of these .small veins of
(lasky. fissile rock, which Mr. Dave
Morgan very fortunately recognized as
a leader Vir stringer or an ore body."
Favorable Comparison.
In closing his report Dr. Weed says:
"The Verde Central property is well
located, close to the Hull and Cleo
patra properties and within the heart
of the Verde diKtrict. Twelve of the
claims show an area of approximately
160 acres on which ingenous rocks ate
exposed. These rocks are cut by
shear planes and two veins are parti
ally developed. The balance of the
tract is covered by limestone and
sandstone, but the great ore bearing
quartz cropping seen on the Venture
claims of the I'nited Verde Copper
company, northeast of the tract, and
the conditions observed on the Verde
Apex ground east "of the Verde Ceu
tral. all indicate that the schist be
neath the limestone capping has pro
mising possibilities.
"In view of the facts stated, I be
lieve that the Verde Central ground
merits development of the known
veins and pror-pect'ng along shear
planes and betieaih the limestone cap.
The tract has the further advantage
that development by Us neighbors
helps 1o prove up Verde Central
ground."
Favorable Formation.
A favorable change of the formation
in the northwest drift on the 1200
foot level in the Jerome Victor Ex
tension shaft, leads the management
to believe that probabilities favor the
discovery of the rich ore body within
Victor Extension lines which was nv
cently opened at depth in the United
Verde mine near the site of the c d
Clark smelter. A soft schist, carry
ing more or less pyrite and iron su!
phile, has repjaced the quartz diorite
in the northwest drive of the 12u0
level. This is considered a very good
indication jf ore in the immediate
vicinity, and is especially encourag
ing to the Victor Extension manage
ment as the I'nited Verde ore body
before referred to trends toward the
Jerome Victor Extension shaft.
' Surface water, caused by melting
snow, is hampering operations some
what on the lower level and is addintr
I'j the burden of the two pumps which
for some months have been caring for
the underground How. Additional
mine equipment is in transit to the
Jerome Victor Extension shaft. It
consists of three 200-horse power oi!
feed boilers, an engine and generator
complete, an electric h'oist and two
electrically driven pumps. Either of
these pumps will handle successfully
both the underground and surface
water flows.
Several carloads of mine machinery
for the Gadsden Copper company ar
rived at Clarkdale a few days ago,
and the remainder is en route from
Bisbee. The equipment is being
freighted to the property as rapidly
as road conditions permit. The work
f sinking the three-epmpartment
shaft is progressing favorably, but
will necessarily be slow until sue I.
time as the machinery is installed and
the air-drills are on the job. The
property is being worked by the
Calumet & Arizona Copper company.
By Special
Jr.. . -j e n .vivt
S FECIAL"'
Kitcl-ien,
A
.A
'A
Chamberlain's Tablets.
These Tablets are intended espe
cially for disorders of the stomach.
I liver and bowels. If you are troubled
i with heartburn, indigestion or consti
' pation they will do you good.
(Advertisement)
REVENUE OPENS NEW ORE.
PARKER. Ariz., Feb. 3. A new ore
body, running 8 per cent in copper.
. with some samples assaying as high
as 18 per cent, has been 'opened up
cm the Echo group of the Arizona
Revenue mine. The ore is said to be
exactly similar to that on the Swan
sea ledge, 1,000 feet east of the Ari
zona Revenue.
A 14-foot body of high grade ore
has been encountered on Treasure
j Hill, which is being developed by the
i Empire-Arizona Company. Motor
trucks are being used to haul the ore
from this mine to the railroad for
shipment, but owing to the inabilitv
of the company to handle the output
by this method at the present time, it
has been determined to suspend woik
at the Carnation shaft. Additional
I trucks have been ordered to handle
the re. '
No more after our allotment
is gone at this big redaction
Better come in t&e morning
Hoosier Kitchen Cabinets, as nearly every woman
knows, are the finest in the world, both from the stand
point of beauty and convenience. They have places
for 400 articles all within arm's reach! They have 40
labor saving inventions that save you miles of steps and
hours of time. Women buy more Hbosiers than any
other five makes combined That results in enormous
output, low factory costs and low prices. Hoosier prices
are fixed prices fixed at the factory. AND NEVER
BEFORE HAVE WE OR ANY OTHER STORE
IN AMERICA BEEN AIJLE TO MAKE A CUT
LIKE TM1S. But now as an extra February drawing
card we have secured the maker's consent to the un
paralleled reduction of $5 from the standard price of th
"Hoooier Special." We stand part and the maker stands
part.
pnH, ' )
f
NiC 3 fell i ! l I
.1 1
No More After These
These cabinets are fresh from the factory, glistening
new and splendidly equipped. The "HOOSIER SPE
CIAL" Model No. 1751 is positively limited. If all are
taken tomorrow, that ends the price reduction. The next
lot must be sold at the regular price.
We Save You a Dollar a Minute
It won"t take you over five minutes to decide when you see this un
beatable bargain. And in that five minutes you save 55.
We'll accept your order by telephone, but unless an order is given no
cabinets will be reserved.
And please don't forget thai numbers of women who have made up their
minds to have the Hcosier. will see this offer and lose no time.
Only by coming early tomorrow can you be SURE of getting one of
these wonderful cabinets at our unheard-of price.
Lest you forget cut out this notice now and pin it up where youMI see
it the first thing tomorrow morning.
EASY TERMS--$ I DOWN and $1 PER WEEK
A million women are do
ing your hour's work in 50
minutes with this life-time
kitchen helper.
Another cabinet as com
plete as Hoosier does not
exist. Its leading features
are protected by patents.