0
WEATHER-
ML
MARKETS
NEW YORK CITY
Average orice of cop
per for week ending
March SS 31.08.
Arizona Tuesday,
partly cloudy in south,
snow rioitli. Wrdr.f
ljy fair.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL 19. NO. 256.
BIS BEE, ARIZONA, TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 3, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
I v fel M
PflMPRRQ RfPFP
I
'I
.1 -A
YMF
1 PL
uu&JLTd
jjr ir
PiESSIElT TODAY
President Calls On Nation to Bring German Empire to Terms and End War
Asks Congress for 500,000 Men for Starter and Whole Resources of U. S.
WASHINGTON, April 2-President Wilson tonight urged congress, assembled in joint session
to declare a state of war existing between the United States and Germany.
In a dispassionate, but unmeasured denunciation of the course of the Imperial German gov
ernment, which he characterized as a challenge to all mankind and a warfare against all nations, the President declared
that neutrality no longer was feasible or desirable where the peace of the world was involved; that armed neutrality had
become ineffectual enough at best, and was likely to produce what it was meant to prevent, and urged that congress accept
the gauge of battle with all the resources of the nation.
ELKS WILL STAGE
PARADE TONIGHT
The Bisbee Elks" lodge tonight
will stage the first big patriotic
celebration put on in this city
since the German situation
loomed up in its most serious as-
pects. All members of the Iodise
will meet at the home at six
Vclock this evening to participate
in the first part of the celebration
a big patriotic and preparedness
parade through the main streets
of the city. After the parade a
patriotic meeting will be held at
the Elks' home, to which families
of Elks and visiting Elks are cor-
dially invited to attend. Promi-
nent speakers will address the
lodgemen on every subject per-
tainine to the Dresent crisis.
The Elks are anxious that as i fish
many citizens as possible be on
the streets tonight while the par-
ade is passing, to make the dem-
tmstration one that will prove
'that the Warren District will
stand solidly behind the Presi-
dent and congress.
"I advise that the congress declare the recent course of"
the imperial German government to be in fact nothing less Full equipment of the navy, particularly for means of
than war against the government and people of the United i dealing with submarine warfare. '
States." said the President, "that it formally accept the status J Army of 500,000 And More,
of belligerent which has thus been thrust upon it and that itj An army of at least 500,000 based on the principle of
take steps not only to put the country in a more thorough universal liability to service and the authorization of -addi-state
of defense, but also to exert all its power and employ all ! tional increments of 500,000 each as they are needed or can
its resources to bring the government of the German empire ; be handled in training.
to terms and end the war.
Congress To Act Today.
When the President had finished speaking, resolutions to
declare a state of war existing were introduced in both houses
of congress, referred to appropriate committees, and will be
; debated tomorrow. There is no doubt of their passage.
Our Cause.
Raising necessary money for the United States govern
ment so far as possible without borrowing and on the basis of
equitable taxation. .
All preparations, the President urged, should be made in
such way as not to check the flow of war supplies to the na-
! tions already in the field against Germany.
i Measures to accomplish all these ends, the President told
said, "are no common wrongs. They cut to the very root3
of human life."
Disclaiming any quarrel with the German people and
anything but a feeling of friendship and sympathy for them,
the President declared their government had not acted upon
their impulses in entering the war nor with their previous
knowledge or approval.
Plots Show Menace.
It was evident, the President added, that spies were here
even before the war began. That the German government
means to stir enmities at the very doors of the United States
was eloquently proved, he said, by the revelations of the plot
to embroil Japan and Mexico in war with the United States.
Toward Germany's allies, the President said, the United
States was taking no action at this time, because the)- were
not engaged in warfare against Americans on the seas.
Expect Loyalty of AIL
The United States, he said, was moving cnlv against "an
irresponsible government which has thrown aside all consider-
WAR FRONTS QUIET
BERLIN, April 2. "Aside from the
engagements reported in the Somme
Oise district there have been no im
portant events." says tonight's sup
plemental army headquarters report.
The objects of the United States in entering the war, the congress, would be presented with the best thought of the ex
President said, are to vindicate the principles of peace and ecutive departments which would be charged with the conduct
justice against "selfish and autocratic power." Without sel- of war and he besought consideration for them in that iight.
interests, for conquest or dominion, seeking no indem- Greeted With Wild Cheers.
nities, or material compensations for the sacrifices it shall President Wilson s appearance before congress was
make, the United States must enter the war. he said, to make marked by a scene of the greatest enthusiasm ever shown
the world safe for democracy, as only one of the champions! since be began delivering his addresses in person. Crowds onj ations of humanity and of right and is running amuck. Th?
cf the rights of mankind, and would be satisfied when these' the outside of the capitol cheered him frantically as he entered j President expressed his confidence in the loyalty of the nattir-
j rights were as secure as the faith and freedom of nations could and as he left. : alized citizens and declared that if disloyalty did lift its head it
make them. Congress roared cheer after cheer in an outburst or pat- j would be only from a lawless and malignant tew and sternly
The President's address was sent in full to Germany bylriotic enthusiasm. From the galleries, the only members who would be suppressed,
a German official news agency for publication in that country. ' appeared not to be joining in the demonstration were some! With the renewed declaration that the nation must tinsel-
d a summary of its contents senators of the group which the rresident branded as wiltul, hshly act, only tor rreedom, peace and humanity, the rresident
ler nations. men" who by preventing a vote on the armed neutrality bill; left the question with congress.
i"had made the great government of the United States con-. While the rresident was speaking, word of the torpedo-
To carry on an offensive war against the German gov-j temptible." Chief Justice White was among those who, mg without warning of the American steamer Aztec, the first
ernment, which he characterized as a "natural foe to liberty," j cheered loudly and there was no division of spirit between Re- j American armed ship to be attacked in the barred zone, was
the President recommended: publicans and Democrats. J passed from mouth to mouth, but the President did not know
Utmost practical co-operation in counsel and action with! Forced U. S. Into War. J of it until he had finished,
the governments already at war with Germany. Extension; Referring only briefly to the lonj diplomatic correspond-) U. S. On War Footing.
of liberal financial credits to those mvcrnmmt so that tK I ence with Germanv. the President launched into his denuncia- While congress works tomorrow on the war resolution.
resource of America may be added so far as possible to theirs. ! tion of the course of the German government, which he de-
Oreamzation and mobilization of all the material re-' dared had forced the United Mates to become a belligerent.
sources of the countrv. : "The wronars aeainst which we now arm ourselves," he!
j , ,
MR. LONDON WANTS PEACE
Washington. April 2. A resoiu- j The text also went to England an
lion requesting President Wilson to' ag sent arountl the world to Oth
renew nis suggestion 10 me liuruprau I C All
Fbtliffcrunta fr," u rorminafmn nf thu ! VVOrK TOr ll.
war was introduced today by Repre
sentative London of New York, Socialist.
the cabinet will hold a war session to which Major Genera 1
Scott, chief of staff of the army, and Admiral Benson, chief of
operations of the navy, may be invited.
Congress Considers War Resolution Today , S. ARMED STEAMER AZTEG SUNK
WASHINGTON, April 2. Immediately after the
president left the Capitol the senate and house recon
vened, and an identic joint resolution was introduced in
both houses declaring the existence of a state of war, and
directing the President to employ all the resources of the
country to carry on war against the Imperial German
government and bring the conflict to a successful con
clusion. Because of the opposition to the measure of Senator
Stone, chairman of the foreign relations committee, the
resolution was introduced in the senate by Senator Mar
tin of Virginia, the Democratic leader. Representative
Flood, chairman of the foreign affairs committee, intro
duced it in the house.
It said:
"Joint resolution declaring that a state of war exists
between the Imperial German government and the gov
ernment and the people of the United States and making
provision to prosecute the same;
"Whereas, the recent acts of the imperial German
government are acts of war against the government and
people of the United States.
"Resolved, by the senate and house of representa
tives of the United States in congress assembled that the
state of war between the United States and the imperial
German government which has thus been thrust upon
the United States is hereby formally declared ; and,
"That the president be, and is hereby, authorized and
directed to take immediate steps not only to put the
country in a thorough state of defense but also to exert
all of its powers and employ all of its resources to carry
on war against the imperial German government and to
bring the conflict to a successful termination."
The resolution was referred to the foreign affairs
committee by both houses, and adjournment until to
morrow followed soon afterward. Both committees
meet tomorrow morning.
OFF FRANC
H
1
I
-0
NEW YORK, April 2. The
steamship Aztec, first armed Am
erican merchant vessel to sail
from a port on this aide of the At-T
lantic, was sunk last night by a
German submarine off an island
near Brest, France. The cable
message from the American con
sul at Brest to her owners, the
Oriental Navigation Company,
gave no indication as to the fate
of her crew. An Associated Press
dispatch from Pari said, however,
that while some of the men aboard
the Aztec were rescued, a number
of them were missing and prob
ably had perished.
The Aztec, under command of
Captain Walter O'Brien, was man
ned by a crew of seventeen, in
cluding the captain, were Ameri
can citizens.
The Aztec's 'owners believe she
had no chance to fight because she
was sunk at 9:19 p. m. in a heavy
sea. The vepsef, was armed with
two 5-inch guns, one forward and
on aft, manned by naval gunners,
under command of a warrant officer.
I:
US IDG
The Aztec, a slow moving
I freighter of 3277 gross tonnage,
steamed from New York for Havre
j March 13 with a full carga cf food
stuffs and general supplies valued
at more than $500,000. She was
due at Havre tomorrow and prob
ably wm less than 100 mile from
that port when torpedoed.
FAKIS. April French patrol
picked up 19 of the crew of the Az'ee.
Twenty-ipht men are reportM mis
sing. Continued on rage three) TWO
THE BLSBEE DAILY REVILW, TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 3, 1917.
CHIP CLARK IS
WITH 0 IS SUPREME
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. April 2. The Dem
ocrats with the aid of four or five In
dependents, organized the house when
the new consress assemhled today,
re-electing Champ Clark of Missouri
as speaker, and sweeping into office
with him all the other Peiuoerai it
caucus nominees.
Mr. Clark received 17 voles
against L'ba for Representative Mann,
the Republican choice for speaker,
who not only failed to receive an in
dependent vote but lost the support
of five of his party colleague.
All of the Democrats present voted
for Mr. Clark, and were joined by
Schall. Progressive in Minnesota:
Martin. Progressive-Protectionist of
1-ouisiana; Iondon. Socialist of New
York and Randall. Prohibitionist of
California. The five Republicans who
did not support Mr. Mann were Gard
"PACIFISTS" GET
AGED SENATOR
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. April 2 Pacifists
who came to Washington by the thou
sands today under the guidance of the
Emergency Peace Federation to pro
test to tVmgress against w ar had a tur
bulent time. The capital, bedecked
with the national colors and overflow
ing with patriotic enthusiasm, gave
the peace advocates anything but a
cordial reception.
On the streets, the white arm bands
and "we want peace" streamers of the
visitors drew- frequent jeers. At the
capilol "patriotic pilgrims" from va
rious cities went over the same course
as the pacifists, urging members of
Cjngress to uphold the hands of, the
President and the honor of the nation.
There were numerous disorders, the
most sensational incident of the day
taking place at the office of Senator
Lodge. The senator was called to the
door to hear the arguments of the vis
itors. There were harsh w'jrds and
then blows were exchanged between
the senator, aged 6" and Alexander
Bannwart. of Rochester. Mass.. born
in Switzerland of Swiss-German par
ents. Senator Lodge sent his antagonist
to the floor with a blow -to the jaw,
and while the officer force. was cleav
ing away the other pacifists a young
man in the eorriu'Jr pummelled Bann
wart vigorously before turning him
over for a beating at the hands of
David B. Herman a half grown tele
graph messenger. Then the capitol
f
Following Fashions Dictates In
Smart, Stylish Spring Footwear
KEEPING CP TO "dock-tick" with Dame Fashion, and lx-r
astute demands in feminine footwear, is a distinctive faculty
of this popular shoe department. When new styles are de
creed, when smart creations are brought into being, you will
always find them at "The Fair" first.
IF YOl'R NEW SPRING footwear conies from this store you
are sure that it is smartest and most stunning you have ever
worn and you are sure ot paying less than the same quality
can be duplicated for elsewhere.
Prices Are
OF COI KSE. PRICKS ARK HIGHER now than they were
a year ago. but our policy has been to be as moderate as pos
sible in pricing our beautiful New Spring Boots. Our placing
of large early orders before tiie recent heavy advances, and
our close "MARGIN PRICKS" have resulted in a twofold saving
for you. ',
n
Colored Kid Cloth Tops, $7.50
FASHION'S LATEST DEMAND is for Cloth Top P.c ots -and the newest and smartest models of these will '
be featured here tomorrow at ?7.."l a pair. .Wer have such charm and smli grace been wrought into in
expensive footwear as exemplified ill these hit 'st modi-Is.
ISL'T THAT IS THE "( no Thing" this slice section .r.t n. rat nig rpon -stylish foot wear --at medium
prices-and those new boots demonstrate to wh;tt. degree we have micci eiicil. I lie .Vamps .mil nuarters ar
made of excellent quality Brown or Gray Kid slock, wii.'i iloih tops m iicifili, :- inch high. K:allier Luis heel.-,
flexible soles, a pair $7.C".
HEWED SPEAKER OF HOUSE
IN
ner of Massachusetts who voted for
Representative I.enroot of Wisconsin.
Gray of New Jersey, and Ilalliuger of
Massachusetts, who voted for Gillett
of Massachusetts, and Haskell of
New- York, and James of Michigan,
who voted "present."
Representative Fuller. Independent
of Massachusetts, voted for Mr. Len
root. Calling of the roll was replete with
bursts of applause, bat the x lion's
share went to Miss Jeanette Rankin
of Montana, a Republican and the
first woman to be elected to the house
She was given three separate ova
tions, once when she entered the
chamber on the ar mof her colleague.
Representative Evans of Montana,
again when she responded to the call
of members, and a third time when
she voted for Mr. Mann. She was
forced once to rise and bow before
FRIGHI OF LIKES
LODGE WALLOPS
j police appeared and Bannwart, very
; bloody, was locked up charged with
! assault. Later he was released on $1.
jiioo cash bail tor his appearance in
police court tomorrow- m'jrning.
I Bannwart for some time has been a
promoter and secretary of the Wood
row Wilson Independent League of
Massachusetts. He was graduated
from Princeton I'niversity in 1906.
Excitement over the fight in the
Capitol had just subsided when a
thousand 'jf the peace champions,
wearing white arm bail nshsmyeSpa
i w earing white arm bands and banners
bearing such inscriptions as "Keep
I Out of War." and "We Want Peace.?
, began to assemble on the east entrance
steps of the capitol for a demonstra
' tion. It was remarked that foreign
i accents were irequenuy 10 De nearu.
tand sentences in German were spoken
more than once.
The police started to clear the h'road
steps before the demonstration was
fairly begun. They had some difficulty
and. the reserves were sent for in a
hurry. Then the Pacifists were pressed
back to the edge of the plaza, the po
j lice forming lines to keep them there.
About this time "Pilgrims of Patriot
ism" and other anti-Pacifists made
tli-ir appearance.
Heated arguments started imme
diately and at least two fist lights were
i launched. The belligerents were very
I quickly then the anti-Pacifists grouped
i themselves about the crowd and jeered
and ho'jted. They applauded the po-
LSI" Hi
Moderate
White Footwear of Fashion
$4.50, $5.00, 6.50 and $8.50
- IT IS ON WHICH J'ASIIION HAS BESTOWED her pat approval White Footwear
for Tailored Suits, for frilly light dresses for Sports ami athletic wear indeed it seems
th.it for almost any occasion IT IS WHITE FOOTWEAR And. we are ready wit.'i the
season's smartest styles at prices that will surprise and delight you.
While Canvass loots in either lact or lniltoTi style, flexible soles,
leather Ln'iis heels, priced at $1. another model with S inch lace
Inp at J.YIW. White NiiBuck Lace p.oots of smarter style and belter
quality than ymi would think possible ai $.."( it was purchased
mouths ago. While Kid l-a e to ts, inch top, white heels, and sole
at ?S.:.o, actually worth $10 a pair.
ALL E0UITTE5 :
the applause could be checked. She
was on the iloor the greater pait of
the day: dressed plainly in a dark
dress with a white collar, aid carry
ing a bunch of flowers.
An effort by Representative Mann
to prevent adoption of the rules which
governed the last congiess were fu
tile. Representative Pou of North
Carolina, named by the Democrats as
ii. ad of the rules committee, announc
ed however, that the committee would
gladly consider proposed amendments
at any future time.
At the organization of committees
the house followed out the selections
made by Democratic leaders. Al
though half a dozen chairmanships
went to northern Democrats, Repre
sentative Gallivan, Democrat, of Mas
sachusetts, who has persistently pro
tested against southern domination
of chairmanships, voted against the
slate.
AT CAPITOL
ONE FOR COUNT
, lice every time one o the Pacifists
was required to go back of the lines.
After an hour the Pacifists assem
bled at Convention hall for a business
meeting. The convention hall adjoins
a national guard armory, and gnards-
' men booed, hooted, jeered as the Pa
cifists passed. The police arrived in
i time t'o prevent hostilities. The meet
ing in the hajl was interrupted by
' word that President Wilson was to ad
dress the congress shortly but the
crowd made for the Capitol again. This
time they let it be known that they
were not going to demonstrate, so the
police allowed them to stand on the
steps at the house side. There they
' remained until it was announced that
1 the President would not appear until
8 o'clock.
I Arrangements werf made quickly
for holding at once the mass meeting
that had been scheduled for tonight,
so the delegates congregated about
the capitol when the President ar
rived. Speakers at the meeting urged the
'maintenance of peace.
The plans of the Pacifists were so
delayed, that their mass meeting was
not in progress until just bei'.ne the
President went to the Capitol. Sev
eral thousand persons gathered in the
hall. Disorder threatened on several
occcsions, but the police, reinforced
by armed Jiational guardsmen manag-
ed to hold the jeering crowd in check.
The meeting adopted a set of reso
lutions, protesting vigorously against
L WV. i...
.v-rjy-i
ST
rfi W3T7
) hUlm 5:
war and urging the appointment of a
joint high commission to settle the is
sues with Germany.
Free For All
A portion of the crowd discouraged
at Coucention hall by the police
marched to the headquarters of the
mergency Peace Federation later in
the night and adjourned after threat
ening t'o wreck the place if- signs to
banish them were not removed, start
ed a free for all fight. It was stopped
quickly by the polit e.
As soon as the Pacifists began to ar-
rive today they w ere sent to Capitol
li ill by their leaders and told to see
! the senators and representatives from
j their home states. The Capitol and
the house and seiate official buildings
I literally swarmed w ith them flr sev
eral hours. It was during this period
. that Bannwart and several 'associates
! called at the office of Senator Lodge.
Pacifist Struck
Senator Lodge, Senator Weeks and
.others who saw the encounter sav
Bannwart struck first at the conclu-
sun of a volley of remarks in which
he called the senator a "damned tow
ard." and The senator replied:
"You are a liar."
Bannwart tonight denied eniphati
cally he had hit Senator Lodge first.
I saying: "I had no idea he was going
jto strike mo. He just hauled off and
hit me as hard as lie could. Then a
half dozen fellows had a fine time try
: ing to finish me up. That messenger
' bey had an especially good time. I
' hope I don't have tu go tn jail. Why.
j if I had hit Senator Lodge first I
I w ould not have a leg to stand on."
j The Arizona man who at tal ked
; Bannwart after the latter's fight w ith
I Senator Lodge was Ward Davis, an
immigration field agent of the Casa
Grande Chamber of Commerce. He was
at the capitol to see congress convene,
,and happened to be passing Senator
: Lodge's office.
i
j WASHINGTON. April 1'. Some of
; the comment of senators on the Pres-
idenl's address, follow:
Senator Hitchcock. Democrat. Ne
' braska "The President's address pre
' scnts a masterly review of recent
j events which have combined to force
war upon the I'nited States. I have
been opposed to war and have dne
what I could to avert it. War is now
inevitable i:nd the only question is
; whether the country will go into it
stror.t'ly or divided and cr'ppiei'. I'n
der these circumstances ! muft stand
for strength and unity."
Senator Lodge. Republican, Masse.
husetls "I will tell you what 1 olc
the President when he concluded I i
ad(ress. and that is I -bought he wis
fullv in the right of the trreat a'rgu
nient." i Senator Brandegee. Republics,
Connecticut "It was a magnificent
, address. The people will endorse i.
: and I will do everything I can to back
it u,."
Senator Saulsbuty, Democrat. Dela
ware, president pro tempore' of the
senate "The President's address wat
right in line with my own feeling u 1
belief."
Senator Smoot. Republican floor
leader "It was very clearly put a
splendid business. There was no
d-i:ht what the Ptesident had in mono"
It will meet with the approval of the
American people."
Senator Chamberlain. Democrat
Oregon, chairman of the military com
mittee "It was a magnificent ad
dress. It was forceful and to thi
point, a.nd. in my opinion, expresses
the leeling of the great mass of the
American people."
None of the twelve senators who o
posed the armed tiouuaiity bill in tin
last congress had any comment to
make.
Philadelphia Inquirer
Grandly has the President risen to
the occasion.
Pittsburg Distpatch
The indictment olthe imperial gov
eminent framed by the President ol
the United States is the most damn
ing arraignment in history.
Pittsburg Volksblatt
Of all sentiments none must be
cloud our clear duty as American t it
izetis. whatever it includes.
Louisville Anzeiger
Our President contends in bis mes
sage that we have to go to war to frei
the world of autocratic rule. The Gci
man people, says he, were uot askei
if they wanted to go to war or not.
Even if so. let us not make tin
same mistake, and give our peoph
by a referendum vole the oppirtunit
to decide themselves about the inn
ic.enlons question: Peace or War.
Cincinnati Volksblatt
We agree wilh the President that
war exisls between the United Slates
ami Germany, and that all the cili
sens must comply with the dull" arl:
ing out of the stale of war. AH othei
statement in the President's speed
we disapprove and i eject j
Cincinn.iti Fne Presse
VYe stand and fall vvilh lite land il
nir d oice. The el In re of our adopt
ed country is sailed In us and to
-;rd ell- t"te-iiTil ni ii i: tr 'q'v
SE WS
IG 101 WS
WEST IS LOYAL
St. Louis Westliche Post
There ran exist no doubt over the
standing of the American citizens ex
traction. The German-Americans do
not have to give assurances of loyal
ty. They have steadily shown them
selves to be true and dutiful citizens:
with their blood they have helped to
build and uphold the nation.
St. Louis Globe-Democrat
We have moved to this decision
slowly and with great reluctance but i
having reached it there will be no '
turning back.
Montgomery (Ala.) Advertiser
Germany has dragged an enemy in
to th ewar which will cling to her un
til the German people assert them
selves, and until Prussian junkerism
is crushed to the earth.
Oklahoma City Daily Oklahoman
There is but one answer for young
America to give. Go to the recruit
ing station and get your gun.
Fort Worth Record
The President spoke as a states
man and as a patriot. The nation is
behind him.
Nashville Tennesseean and American
The call of the President for half
a million men will be promptly met.
The men. five times as many, in fact,
r.re ready and wailing to meet the
call.
San Francisco Chronicle
The President has resisted war un
til he could resist no longer. The
American people will not lie down
!ike whipped curs and take their lash
ing. Salt Lake Tribune
The President has uttered the '
vords which the people of the United ,
Statin demanded and we have no j -
touut congress will adopt his siig'es
ions. The American spirit throbs in
verv trenchant line and puts to
i
:hame the pacifists.' j
Memphis Commercial Apper.l :
Woodrow Wilson's message to ton- J
:ress aduicating a state of war is
mother declaration of independence.
Knoxvilie Journal and Tribune
The President seems to avoid tak- j
ng any large share of lesponsibility ,
ipon his shoulders. In that respect i
he message is a disappointment. The (
spirit of the message is not at all
iachsoniaii.
Rocky Mountain Nevs (Denver)
President Wilson's message asking i
?ongrss to declare a stale of war ex- !
.sts between the United Stales and
'he German government and to take
til steps to prosecute the war so theie
nay be lasting peace for the world,
v i IT appeal not only to the people of
his nation but to ;tll free peoples.
Baltimore Sun
We hope that congress will not de.
'ay a day in passing the resolution. j
New York Sun
There may be minor divisions of :
lpinion in congress, as in the country ;
lUt any major or obstructive decision i
fter the adoption oMhe Flood reso- ;
ution. will be a division not as be
tween Democrat and Republican, but
is between American and traitor.
New York Herald j
Congress will lose no time in plac- ,
ng the stamps of its approval on tho j
"resident's recommendation.
New York American
We must win this war and ear an
'lonorable peace, and wars are only j
-on and honorable peace is only
arned by intelligent service: by cnor
nous preparations: by the united sac
ilice of Hie whole nation, and by free
v pouring out treasure and blood.
New York Journal of Commerce
America Will fnlilll its obligation i
tid assume its full share in preserv- !
iir the world's political freedom.
Springfield Republican
Never was a war message co-.'.chcd
ill terms revealing a more earnest
nd sincere line of peace.
N. Y. Staats Zeitung
The New Yoik St.iats Zeilung
oinis an ediiotial dispute h from
Vashinyfon signed by Bernard Rid
ler. its editor, in which he says:
"The President need have no con- ,
'em as to the loyalty of Americans
if German ancestry. That question
"ias been answered definitely and ti
tally. I trust, however, that in tlie
lays of trial and bitterness to come
t will be understood in a spirit of
sympathetic appreciation."
New York World
President Wilson has driven
tirnight to Hie heart of the issue, ami
Ollgress must tespond.
New York Tribune
No praise can be loo Iii--.lt lor the
.voids and the purposes of the Presi
lent.
There call be no criticism of the
President's course except from two
-.'."urces - those wln thing he should
'iave assumed the nun -conformity of
Prusslaiiism with the principles of hu
uan liberty earlier, and taken steps
!o combat ii. and the ones who would
he slaves to a militant tyranny than
light to be tree. The nation will fol
low the lead of its chief executive in
the pathway he has blazed toward j'ls
tiee l'or all mankind -with care and a
whole-hearteilness thai will make all
the world wonder. The answer to hi
all tor support will seal the doom
of autocracy and make democracy eve
ry w lu re supreme.
Albpquerque Journal
p.,. !... i.t..rt , i e.e eV r.,! .
PRESS COMMENTS
i maintain the honor of the United
: States. Every member of congress
wh'o fails to stand by him with be
branded a "copper-head."
Phoenix (Ariz.) Republican
Whatever hope there may have been
'that the President would find some
way to avoid actual war with Germany
is abandoned without disappointment
! for the hope was only a wish w hich
I we knew could not be granted. The
I President's voice, today was the voico
lof the nation, and the natiVm now w ill
he more closely knit together -han i(
'has ever been since the close of tie
! American revolution.
Pueblo (Colo.) Chieftan
There can be no doubt what reply
congress will make to the President's
appeal. Tbeer is no doubt as to t:ie
j duty of every patrtic American in
i congress to give to the President the
united support of the representatives
of the people and of the states. Neither
should there be any shortage of unan
imous loyalty in the response of the
people.
WASHINGTON. April 2. Industrial
and labor leaders here today organized
the committee on labor of the national i
defense council advisory committee. :
President G'jmpers of the American
Federation of Labor, chairman of the
committee. Secretary Wilson and How
ard Collin, members of the advisory
committee were among the speakers.
The Greatest Discov
ery Known to Medi
cine.
TUBERCULOSIS
CURED
By Inhalation
Heals While You
Sleep.
Further information
can be had by writ
ing Dr. Glass. Mason
BIdg., 4th and Broadway, Los Angeles.
California. '
H
enrjerson will try and
please you,
T atkins, he
helps too,
Lumber has gone up
a little as
Usual as other
things has,
- r
' X i
1
ighty good
time to buy
efcre things
get so high
j "SCf ach month you put off
; building that home you
un a rkk of
havirjj none
orae let us
talk to you,
Ison may offer some
suggestions too.
PHONE 16
7W
BISBEE-DOUGLAS STAGE
WINTON SIX
Travel in luxury roomy, comfortable cars; careful, courteous drivers.
Leave Copper Queen Hotel. Uisbee and Gadsden Motel Douglas on the
hour commencing eight A. M. daily, via Lowell and Warren. Arrange
ments may be made for private parties and special trips.
MOTOR TRANSIT CO.
"hone. Ilisbce US
Auto Painting
M. CURRAN, OLD MASON BUILDING, LOWELL.
COPPER QUEEN JIOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best ot every thins at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40 ;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Bisbce Lumber Company, inc
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
J. B.
ANGIUS
PURE .
FOOD
GROCER
Phone 29.
EYE NERVE GLASSES
itii. Permanently located
Bisbce. except
Mondays in Douglas.
Room 1. Maze
i Building.
DR. R. GLAZE. Neurologist.
Phons 156.
Residence Phone, Black 420.
i O. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO.
I Robert Henessey, Prop.
, Opposite Depot Ambulance
QUEEN LAUNDRY
' Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
- PHONE 58
! HEINO & KEANE
Cleaning, Pressing and Re
I pairing $1.25 a Suit.
Suits from $25 to $55.
! All work done on the premises
by Union Tailors.
: Phone 677, Johnson Addition.
We are paying the highest
prices for hides at present.
Write
1 ARIZONA JUNK CO.
Lowell, Arizona or Phone 690
Our Want Adds Bring Results
1
Phone.. Douglas 'Mi
i
LET US SEE YOUR PLANS
and we will tell ou accuralclv
How little liinilxT you ean pet
uIoiik wit.'i. We can do this be
cause our hi in Ik-r does uot cut
to waste. t( is full length, fully
seasoned and free from soli
spots. That kind of lumber
saves you time and tuouey Itofa.
Let us see your plans.
LOWCLL CAR STOP.
PHON 2. TriE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 3. 1917.
THREE
PACIFIC COAST
BASEBALL SEASON
TO OPEN TODAY
Concensus of Opinion Leans
Toward Los Angeles Team:
As Possible Winners, With!
Chance At The Helm.
SAX FRANCISCO, April 2. The of-.
fieial opening of the 1917 season for;
the Pacific Coast Baseball league is f
set for tomorrow. In this city, at ,
Los Angeles, and at Salt Lake City. !
where tlie opening contests will be i
held, preparations have been made Par j
parades, and various ceremonials at- j
tending the pitching of the first butt
over the home plate.
The Vernon Tigers will connest the
first gaiie here against the San Fran
cisco Seals while f ortianu win line i
up against the Salt Lakers, and Oak-i
land will take on the Los Angelans.
The Seals and the Tigers will be the I
first teams to play in the new Recrea- j
tion park which has been In course
of construction here during the win-
ter. An up-to-date and commodious J
grand stand has been put up and th (
playing field considerably enlarged.
The managers of the six teams pro
fess to be satisfied with the outlooft
for their respective clubs which have
finished thei rpreliminary training at
various "camps" Without exception.
they say, their organizations are much
stronger than they were last year and ;
a better showing is anticipated im ail
sides
The form displayed by the Pacific
leaguers in the pre-season's practice
games has been more or less erratic
and. as is usually the case, the teams
are not expected to settle down to
form until they become warmed up
to the regular schedule.
The concensus of opinion leans
largely toward the Los Angeles team,
winners of last year's penr"nt. as be
ing the "team to beat" again tnis sea
son for the title. Manager Chance of
the Angels has a well balanced organ
ization which compares favorably with
his 1916 club and. it has shown up well
,in their preliminary workouts.
Manager MeCredie of the Fortlar.d
team believes thmat his club is much j
stronger than it was last year and if
his pitchers are able to hold up htir
end. declares that he has nothing to i
worry about so far as the remainder
of his aggregation is concerned. )
Early season changes and shifts are i
iooKea tor to a greater or less extent
on all the teams as the men are tried
out.
i
BERNE, via Paris, April 2. (9:40 p. ! night, aged 66 years,
ni. German and Austrian newspapers Mr. Bryce is survived by two daugh
reaching Switzerland today and tele-jters and a son, Mrs. Gilford P'nchot,
graphic reports from Hungary are! Mrs. J. Sargeant Cram and Peter
once mOre filled with peace ideas, j CoOper Bryee.
An Opportunity for Every Boy
(Over ten years of age) in the
Warren District to
Learn to Swim
'Come On In,The
FREE!
8 Lessons
FREE!
S Lessons
Covering 30 Days' Time
Expert Instructors
v. m.
COURTESY BOYS'
IMPORTANT Every boy will please fill out the follow
ing information blank, present same at Boys' Building, and
receive card granting 30-day Swimming privileges.
Xame
Street.....
Side of Street Color of
Father's Name
7s lcrr Living A ttend what School
Do you work when not in school? If so, where... ...
iMafress Hacked
To Pieces $300
: '"Jills Sad
A burning mattress in a house
on Yonngblood hill, occupied by
Alec Thomas, yesterday morning
created so much sm'uke that the
lire department shattered all exist
ing speed records in setting to the
tire. The mattress was dragged
outside, soused with water and
torn to pieces. After the firemen
had returned to their stations,
Thomas looked carefully through
the matress and recovered $200 in
bills which he had hid for safe
keeping. He rushed down to the
fire station with a grin several
inches in diameter on is face.
"Yo" so' have got some real hones'
firemen. Mistah Nawton," was the
way be expressed his thanks to
Fire Chief Barney Norton.
, ... m aA
"Pl 1 ATlllN l
Ul I ILILH I lUll 10
. TTf) I ATIOU OLIO DTI V
A I I K All MLHl OlUJllILl
wiiwuifci
Thomas Ince Biz Spectacle
Will Open Three Day En
gagement A t Orpheum
Wednesday.
Bisbeeites will be given a treat be
ginning Wednesday, for "Civilization"
Thomas H. Ince's million dollar photo-
play production will be the offering. It
will play at the Orpheum theatre.
Thomas H. Ince has declared that
"Civilization" is his greatest effort.
Ince has created some of the biggest
feature productions. But his latest
is his crowning effort. More than
one year was taken in making the
film and the cast consisted of over
40.000 people. Everything was done
on an immense scale. Ye in spite
of the fact that the piece is a tre
mendous production. Ince believes
it will attract rather because lf the
message it carries to mankind, the
spectacular features being incidental.
The master film builder has dedicated
the multiple reel creation to the nioth-
t.rs of the dead
u would seem to be the part of
wisdom for those intending to see
"Civilization" to make reservations as
early as possible.
LLOYD STEPHENS BRYCE
nirc in mpw vhrk
NEW YORK, April 2. Lloyd Ste
phens Bryce, former United States
minister to Holland and Luxemburg,
died of pneumonia at his home here to-
Water's Fine"
FREE!
8 Lessons
c. A,
DEPARTMENT
House JVo
House . Mail Box.
Business
PULLMAN ORDER IS
NOW IN PREPARATION
BY THE COMMISSION
A. H. Gardner of Tombstone,
Receives Promise That Un
less Matter Is Taken To
Court, Pullman Will Soon
Be In Effect.
A. H. Cardner of Tombstone, while
in Phoenix on aSturday called on the
corporation commission of the state
of Arizona and received the promise
that an order was in preparation
which would assure the people of Co
chise county a through Pullman, to
and from Phoenix. Mr. Gordner re
ceived the statement from Commis
sioner Cjle that the order would go
into effect very quickly unless it was
taken into court.
The necessity for through Pullman
service between Southern Cochise
county points and Phoenix has been
apparent for months. Many efforts
have been made to secure the order.
Through Mr. Gardner's and other
pi'ominent people's efforts, from this j
region of the state, it would seem that t
the long deferred action is about toj
be taken.
It was learned in Phoenix by the
Tombstone man that the Willcox
Chamber of Commerce had sent in a
petition, signed by a number of resi
dents of that little town, protesting
against the establishment of the ser
vice. It Is understood that the names
ijf fthe signers of this petition will be
made public. ,
Mr. Gardner is elated over his con
ference with the commission and over
the promise that the order will be is
sued. The establishment of through
sqrvice will mean much to the travel
ing public of Tombstone, F.isbee. Doug
las and other towns fouth of Tucson
along the line of the Southwestern.
HAWAIIAN QUINTET
WILL ENTERTAIN Y
MEMBERS TONIGHT
Members of the Y. M. C. A,, their
wives, daughters and feminine friends
will be entertained at the Y tonight
by Kekuku's Hawaiian Quintette in
a repertoire of Hawaiian and classical
numbers. Kekuku's musicians have
an enviable reputation among the en
tertainers of the ' west and will pre
sent e program of real merit tonirht
Kekuku is the originator of the meth
od of guitar playing known us the
ttecl method and his playing is proof
enough of his right to the authorship
n! this beautiful effect in instrumental
niiHic. The program will be given lo
! night' as a number of the association's
I.ycrum course, and only hir.c neces
sary fur admission will be a nember
ship card.
BIS8EE MEN HELD
FOR BOOTLEGGING!
(Special to The Review)
TOMBSTONE. April 2. C. J. Park
er, Ray MvVey. Robert Lowe and R.
L. Kimmell were brought here today
and placed in the county jail awaiting
trial on charges of bootlegging. The
men were arrested Saturday night
near Apache by Deputy Sheriff Percy
Bowden and Constable Rolin Kirby,
of Douglas. They are alleged to have
had four cases of booze in their pos
session. You need
never worry
about results in
baking if you use
KC
BAKING
POWDER
It has been a stand
by for a quarter of
a century. Guaran
teed under all
pure food laws.
O K Ounces for O
fm B (Mnrc rii.n nmr.il .nd IWtA II
W ball far a.ianccl Waf
i. w.
W. WILL STRIKE
IF U. S. DECLARES WAR
VIIICIX1A. Minn.. April 2. Ap
proval of a general industrial
strike in case the Vnited States
declares war on (lermuny was
voted last night by the convention
of Industrial Workers of the
World, according to an announce
ment today. Delegates from
Minnesota. Wisconsin and Mich
igan were in attendance.
SEPTEMBER MORN"
CONTINUOUS RIOT OF
MUSIC AND DANCING
Comedy At Orpheum Is One
of Funniest Ever Staged
Here; Hilarious Perform
ance Will Be Repeated
Tonight.
Prom the opening chorus to the
grand finale, "Star Spangled Banner"
"September Morn." the big fun festi
val with tunes and tangoes kept a big
audience in a roar of laughter at the
Orpheum theatre last night. There
is just enough plot in "September
Morn" to back up its name and pre
vent the show from resembling a cab
aret program. But there are plenty
of good congs, good singers and even
better dancers, and altogether the
show is one of the best that has come
to Bisbee in many moons'.
Ruth Wilkins as "Argentina, the"
World's Greatest Dancer," and Will
iam Moore, as 'Trofessor FInstric."
walked off the stage with most of the
applause, although applause in great
chunks was not lacking for 'any of
the east. Miss Wilkins' dancing was
graceful, rythmical and thoroughly en
joyable. Moore proved to be about
the best "squirrel-food comedian" ev
er seen cavorting behind local foot
lights. Billy Murphy's eccentric
dancing was as clever as It was ridic
ulous and that is saying a good deal,
for his every movement resembled
that or a lunatic suffering from St.
Vitus dance and epileptic fits. The
ballroom dances by Leslie Jones and
Miss Wilkins were also unusually
good.
"September Morn" is. just one long,
joyous riot of fun, music aid dancing.
There is not a weak spot in the cast
and if a better musical snow appears
in Bisbee this season it wiil be a sur
prise to everyone who was at the Or
pheum last night. "September Morn"
will be repeated tonight. And just
a suggestion: It would not seem en
tirely oyt of the way, during this crit
ical time, if the entire audience would
remain standing during the singing
of the "Star Spangled Banner." at the
close of the show, instead of breaking
for the doors in a manner that would
indicate that there is little respect
for the national anthem in Bisbee.
REMOVAL COMMITTEE
MEETS FOR DEFENSE
Being informed that the Douglas
committee, in charge of the work of
securing signatures to call an election
submitting the question of county
seat removal, the Court House Remov
al Committee of the Warren District
held a meeting yesterday afternoon.
Though the committee made no
plans of a definite nature it was deeid
ed to get into the fight for defensive
purposes.
ANONYMOUS WRITER
PESTERS OFFICIALS
AT LOWELL COURT
In spite of the fact that Lowell of
ficers are establishing a record for
that place in their war on bootlegging
and gambling, some citizen has taken
upon himself the task of crticizing
them and warning them that they
"are watched." Yesterday Constable
Joel Hodges received the following
letter, written on stationery from the
correspondence table of the local V.
M. C. A:
"You probably are not aware that
there is bootlegging and gambling go
ing on every night at the Ho
tel, Room and adjoining. I
have known this for some time. 'Get
busy!' We are watching you."
With the same mail delivery Judge
J. I. Winters also received a commH
nication, the writer signing his name
as "Citizen," a nam de plume common
ly adopted by self-appointed sleuths.
The letter read:
"Dear Sir: Beg to advise you that
there is gambling going on constantly
at the Hotel."
Several other letters have been re
ceived from the unidentified "citizen"
demanding that certain houses In
Lowell be raided.
"We believe that we have the boot
legging and gambling situating will
tinder control In Lowell." said JJudge
Winters and Constable Hodge yes
terday. "And we don't intend to raid
and houses or hotels on the advice of
any one who is not willing to sign
lun name to a letter. A raid is a dan
genvm thing for an officer, for if he
Onlv
Pull Infill
si rips 'nun
i
rirli, rip;1,
is
cannot prove his actions as being jus
tified, he has violated the right3 or
some person, for which he alone is re
sponsible. If Mr. 'Citizen" knows of
anv law violations he will himself
avom violating me law 11 lie raws
and tells us of them."
FAIRBANKS HASN'T
A DOUBLE IN WORLD
It has long been an axion of phsi
Mgnomists that every person has his
double somewhere in the world, but
up to date, the-directors of the Triangle-Fine
Arts features in which
; Douglas Fairbanks has been starred
ihave been unable to find an actor look
ing enough like him to impersonate
him successfully.
In "American Aristocracy." which
appears again today at the Eagle thea
tre Douglas is called upon to imper
sonate another man, and the directors
thought that perhaps they would be
more successful this time in locating
a man of Fairbanks' build and facial
appearance. But te task proved far
less easy than they had anticipated.
After sizing up several hundred appli
cants, the directors finally settled upon
Albert Parker as being the only one
who would serve.
In his case, it was the fact that his
figure resembles Fairbanks, rather
than his features, that finally landed
him the engagement. As a result,
whenever Fairbanks is called upon to
pose as Tarker's double, he is obliged
not only t'J dress in exactly the same
manner, but to wear automobile gog;
cles to approximate a resemblance.
SPENDING
MONEY O N
IS INVESTING
DIAMONDS
IT.
It's investing it. too. In a way that is
sure to pay dividends.
Diamond prices have been steadily
advancing for years, and they are
almost sure to continue to do so
I have on hand a most attractive dis
play of Diamonds to show my
customers.
I back up every stone with my per
sonal assurance of its purity.
Also, it will be found that I've priced
them very low
Which is a guarantee that a Diamond
purchase here will prove the very
best sort of an Investment.
WHY my display exivlls.
niond let me point out to you ji:-t
If you are in the market for a Dia-
L. L GH
iwrfcTl leaves mVmVm '
') V-." : 7
',. "t'-- '.,'.'.. . : .
f"Ci:L open a r.z S Pv-r.n Tiitrk anrl
iunitic the iiraws tit' lolKaro. You'll liml
in iraf rich, ripe ::?ul p jrfeet llie br?l
of Is enlLiek) rf iauiuu& while barley
loiiaeeo. '
V
tlic Itost that vcu can luv. Trv a 10c exit tolav
'ITS AS NIELLO W AS A JUAE APPLE AInH AS
SW'EI-rr AS A NUT."
in every way. return it ta any dealer.
He is hereby authorized to refund
he n.'l ircha prwe
t s. m
SUNK OFF FRANCE
(Continue! From Pae One)
j WASHINCTOX. April 2. Krenrli
jaiiliralty dispatches to the French em-
bassy here tor.iiiht announcing the
' sinking without warning of the first
armed American merchant ship, the
freighter Aztec, by a flennan submar
ine, said apparently Lieut. Fuller
Oresham and 12 American bluejackets
f constituting the armed uuard of the
vessel, had been saved, but all 12 fire
men were reported missing.
The guard with the captain and
three other members of the crew In
; the second boat to put eff apparently
i were picked up by the French patrol
boat Sirrius alter three h'Jtirs. Eleven
imen are thought to have been drowned
jwhen the first boat to put off was
smashed. The third boat, i outaiain?
the second ollicer and IS men. is not
: directly accounted for, but the fact
that only 11 are reported missing,
leads to the belief that it must have
been picked up.
I The admiralty report said the Aztec,
bound from New Y'Jrk to Havre was
torpedoed without warning yesterday
ofT Ouessant. The torpedo struck
jsQiiarely amidships, emitting a power
ful gas and putting tlie wireless out
I of commission.
I Officials said the disaster would not
I affect the policy of arming ships,
: which will be continued in the most
efficient manner possible. Secretary
Daniels declined fj make public the
; list of naval officers and gunners who
manned the two five-inch guns placed
, fere ami aft on the Aztec.
1 "I'ntil the survivors are listed and
the department is officially advised
couci nuns those whose lives m.iv ne
LOOK!
LOOK!
LOOK!
All clothes made by M.
LevinTailorinp; Co.,will be
kept in good shape (cleaned
and pressed) for one year
free of charpe. We make all
clothes in our shop. Open
your eyes and look, and pet
your clothrs made by an
experienced tailor.
Lowell, Ariz Phone 63S
L "TV a
lost." he said. "I will not announce
the naval personnel of the Aztec."
BRITISH CONTINUE
ADVANCE IN MESOPOTAMIA
LONDON. Amil 2. Tic British
titxis in .Mesopotamia have udtipied
th. Mn of Dely Abbas, ai undine to
I iin uiiiuTii ia' it !rt issued tonitfcf.
I Tii ci'ptiire of the town tiok pla e
! on March "1. Dely At has lies thir-
tee'i miles to tlie southwest of Kizil
Kotat.
KEEP LOOKING YOUNG
It's Easy If You Know Dr.
Edwards Olive Tablets
The secret of kecpintr young is o
feci voting to do is you, mu.i watch
Vciir I'vcr and Snivels there's no nee 1
(t havi.i'j a sallow complexion l:irlc
ring uriuer your eyes pi;;iules a hil
iotis look in your face dull eye vvi:h
n fparl.lc. S ur ilnor wilt ie'l y u
nine:) per cent i f all sickness comes
rem tractive Ivtt and liver.
Or. Edwards, a well-known physician
in Ohio, perfected a vecctai'le com
pound mixed with olive "il act o-i
the liver and bowels, whlcli be gave t
his patients for venrs.
Dr. Edward-' Olive TaM.ts. tV ub
?t:tu!e fT calomel, arc gentle irt t": ,:r
action, yet always effective. 'I bey V-:v;
about that exuberance o: s;-r:t. ;';?c
natural I uoyancy which -!. chi ' e e-'-joyed
by everyone", by tomtit U" ;,-v i. Mf
iiinl cbur'tig the system oi i:t'-urit'- s.
Yov :!l know" Dr. jr!-' l.ivc
Tablet. ..y tiieir olive cob-r. 10c ani
25c per bote All druggists.
Effect of the
Copper
Famine
Copper Stocks
A comprehensive tabulation of
production, earnings, dividends and
prospects of the leading copper
stocks is contained in our analyti
cal report just issued.
Sent cn request for Report.
HUGHES & DIER
Members Philadelphia S?k Fx
cbanw; t'hicago I'.oard of Trade.
1435 Walnut St. .115 Broadway
PHILADELPHIA
NEW YORK FOUR
THE BISBEE, DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 3, 1917.
Published Every Day Except Monday by the
Stale Consolidated Pubii&hing Company
t Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered a Second Class Mall Matter at Bisbee. Arizona.
Under Act of March 3, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable in Advance:
PER MONTH I .76
THREE MONTHS , 2.26
SIX MONTHS .... 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.60
SUNDAY. (Our Weekly) per year 2.60
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter 76
Ha Subscriptlor akert For Leu Than 75 Cents.
PHONE NO. 39.
"Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
daily rievlew bvfore 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department. No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor If any irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only,
Tuesday Morning, April 3, 1917.
WAR!
The President asks it; the American people plain!)
will it!
Congress, the greatest deliberative body in the world
today, upon being called upon by Wood row Wilson to
declare a "state of war existing between Germany and
the United States, will not waste time. The President is
urged to take every measure possible to see that the
lawlessness of the greatest bandit nation modern times
has known, may be put to the earth and trampled into
history.
Appearing before a joint session of Congress President
Wilson, in a matter-of-fact manner, talked to the repre-
t
sentatives of the American people. With hard, cold logic
he painted the history of the great war. He showed, in
unmistakable manner how our rights had been violated
time after time.
"I am not now thinking of the loss of property in
volved," said the President, "immense and serious
though it is, but only of the wanton and wholesale
destruction of the lives of non-combantants, men,
women and children, engaged in pursuits which have
always, even in the darkest periods of modern his
tory, been deemed innocent and legitimate. Property
can be paid for; the lives of peaceful and innocent
people cannot be.
"The present German submarine warfare against
commerce is a warfare against mankind. It is a war
against all nations. American ships have been sunk,
American lives taken in ways which it has stirred us
very deeply to learn of. But the ships and people of
other neutral and friendly nations have been sunk '
and overwhelmed in the waters in the same way.
There has been no discrimination. The challenge is
to all mankind. Each nation must decide for itself
how it will meet it The choice we make for our
selves must be made with moderation of counsel and
our motives as a nation. We must put excited feel
ing away. Our motive will not be revenge o fthe vic
torious assertion of the physical might of the nation,
but only the vindication of right, of human rght, of
whch we are only a single champion."
"The vindication of right, of human right, of which
which we are only a single champion."
Can. the situation which confronts the United States be
better expressed than by the last part of the quoted para
graph? Germany has wanted trouble with the United
States. Practically, a state of war has existed for sev
eral weeks. Congress will now recognize it and will
authorize President Wilson to do all in his power to
eliminate the cause of the trouble.
Let every American stand by his flag! Let every citi
zen, male or female, feel his or her part of the responsi
bility of the present crisis. Upon everyone in the coun
try, who has the future of these United States at heart,
rests its fjture! Let no man shirk and the curse of the
age will be eliminated and eradicated.
America stands for freedom and for the "vindication
of right"
SENATOR LODGE AMERICAN.
Has a part of the American public a moral and mental
cancer? Have the aspirations of the people of this great
country gone to seed? It would seem so for any one
looking on the scene, at the capital yesterday, when either
a crazy man or a fool attacked one of the Senators of the
I'nited States and called him "coward" because of his
declaration that he would support the 1'rcsident and sup
port everything and anything.
Henry Cabot Lodge.. one of the greatest living public
men in the country, was charged with being a "coward"
by one Alexander Uannwurt. Senator Lodge is sixty years
old. He. didn't mind being called a "coward" but. his
Americanism resented the insinuation that .'lis cum pat
rols were not willing to defend that which is palpably
right.
Ilauiiwart and his kind are the most insidious enemies
.of the I'nited States. We know what Germany and the
people of that empire would do, if they had the oppor
tunity ..We can guard the country from them, to a cer
tain extent. From the machinations of Lianuwart and
his kindred pacifists, 'lowevcr, the ctuutry is helpless.
There is but one thing to do.
Either muzzle or intern Uaunwurt and his kind. It
would be a kindness to the d uicuted and a safeguard
for the people of America. As Senator 1'uiiicrcnc. said
yesterday to some Ohio paciiats. "Vou arc the most
u-.-r'i! aUivs '.I'.'j K'-iiivr !i':s"
It is a well established rule o jurisdiction that a man
It is a wel lestablished rule or jurisdiction that a man
seeking justice must come into court with clean hands.
In view of the criminal work of the election officers in
Douglas precinct in Cochise county, causing Judge Stan
ford to throw out the precinct, it would seem the part
of wise discretion on the part of the attorneys for Mr.
Hunt that the contest alleging fraud on Uie part of Gov.
Campbell's supporters in the election be dismissed.
What has been proven in Cochise county was no doubt
true la other precincts in the mining sections, where
drunken irresponsible men were made officers of the
election by unscrupulous politicians to do the dirty work
they themselves were afraid to do.. To continue the
contest after the court has repudiated Douglas precinct
for fraud robs the contest of any semblance of honest mo
tives, and degenerates into a mere contest to retain con
trol of the offices without any regard to the honest ex
pression of the will of the people, even to the extent of
raping the ballot boxes. Win slow Main.
PREDATORY AGRICULTURE.
The belligerent nations are facing famine. All Europe
is threatened. with hunger. There is a scarcity of food
in the United States and throughout the world. It is
recognized by economists and all humanitarians that the
most vital need of mankind in this year of our Lord is
an increased production of foodstuffs. It is recognized
that every man who makes two potatoes or two cars of
corn grow where one grew before is performing a ser
vice for humanity. And yet, in the face of this great
need, we find the president of the Cook County (111.)
Gardening Association preaching this narrow, selfish and
destructive gospel:
"We recommend to farmers to keep out of the city
with their wagons. The system now is to pack the vege
tables in a fancy way and discard the extra supply: It
means dearer vegetables, but it's the only way the farmer
can exist
"We make efforts to increase the productivity of the
soil. Overproduction results. It is to the farmer's in
terest to throw away from one-half to two-thirds of his
crop if it keeps up the prices."
If there is any more sordid and immoral doctrine than
this preached by any enemy of society, ,we don't know
what it is. The farmer who deliberately curtails pro
duction, destroys food and makes thousands go hungry
and millions pay higher prices is no better than the
pirate or the pillager who destroys for the lust of de
struction. Any intelligent farmer or gardener ought
to know that aside from the moral considerations, the
practice advocated is wrong from the standpoint of ma
terial interest.
No permanent gain can come to any class of society
from destroying wealth. There may seem to be a gain in
isclated cases, but in the long run the producer himself
will lose.
A RUSSIAN TREATY.
"Nothing now stands in the way of a new commercial
treaty between Russia and the United States," says Prof.
Milukoff, the new Russian foreign minister.
Our commercial treaty was abrogated several years
ago because the Russian government refused to grant
our Jewish citizens, when they visited Russia, the right
accorded other American citizens under the treaty. Long
continued efforts to persuade the czar's government to
liberalize its policy failed in their purpose.
Since the war began there has been a growing tend
ency in Russia, manifested alike by the people and the
government to give both native and foreign Hebrews a
square deal. The revolutionary ministry has chosen to
make such a reform a conspicuous part of its program.
There are no obstacles now, says Milukoff. to the re
moval of all the disabilities goveruiug Jews in Kustda.
Thus t! e greatest barrier to Russian-Americau under
standing and friendship no longer stands in the way. The
United States will be glad to renew the "old commercial
relations. Our government and our people are ready to
go farther than ever in friendly advances to Russia aud in
plans for co-operation, not only in commercial fields but
in all forms of intercourse and exchange.
It is an opportune time to make a favorable treaty.
The state department and the senate should lose no time
in acting accordingly and bringing us into better rela
tions with the new Russia.
ONLY LAFOLLETTE
AND STONE FAIL TO
CHEER PRESIDENT
WASHINGTON. April 2. The
President reached the Capitol about
8:40. As his big motor swung around
before the east front of the building
two troops of the Second Regular cav
alry on guard, sabers glittering under
the arc lights, swept the plaza clear
while hundreds of people cheered. He
was taken immediately to the speak
er's room and then into the house
chamber where the senators were
just filing in. Six members of the su
preme court who bad taken seats in
front of the speaker's stand, stood
and faced about.
The President entered amid deafen
ing cheers. It was noticed that sen
ators Lafollette, Stone and Cummins,
who helped defeat the armed neutral
ity bill in the last session, did not
join in the applause. Senator Lafol
lette stood with arms crossed and
head sunk over his chest. Senator
Lane, another of the group applauded
mildly and Senator Kenyon more vig
orously. The President's voice was clear and
grew stronger as he proceeded.
It was a very serious and quiet au
dience. Not until the President de
clared. "We will not choose the path
of submission," did his auditors ap
plaud. Those words drew shouting
and handclapping.
Scarcely had the sounds of this
demonstration died away when the
President declared that the congress
should declare a state of war existed
and a second demonstration began.
Representative Caldwell of New
York rose to ia feet first and yelled;
every one of the supreme court judg
es stood. Chief Justice White smiled
and vigorously clapped his hands as
did Justice Pitney and Clarke.
By far the greatest outburst came
when the President declared for an
army of 500.000 men selected on a un
iversal service basis. Chief Justice
White was one of those who joined
rrost heartily in the hand clapping at
this point, which lasted nearly a min
ute. . i
Mention of the recent overthrow of
the Russian monarchy brought loud
cheers. Wave after wave of applause
met the President's reference to Ger
man spies infesting the country and
his suggestion of a partnership of
democratic nations in the cause of
peace.
Senator Sione, sitting in the second
row, rested his head on his bands and
listened . with grim face.
A particularly vociferous outburst,
greeted the declaration that "if there
should be disloyalty it would be dealt
with with firm hands and stern re
pression." The most noticeable interruption
came near the end when in the midst
of a declaration that it "was a fearful
thing to lead this great peaceful peo
ple into war." Mr. Follette cleared his
throat twice sharply.
As the President finished every per
son on the floor and in the galleries
arose and shouted. Most of the sena
tors unfolded flags they wore in their
upper outside coat pockets and waved
them vigorously.
Senor Riano. the Spanish ambassa
dor. Minister Havenith of Belgium
and several other members of the dip
lomatic corps occupied seats ou the
floor. They were intensely interested
in 'the address and the demonstration,
but gave no evidence of their feeling.
After the President had completea
his address Senator Lodge shook his
hand warmly and said:
"Mr. President, you have expressed
in the loftiest manner possible the
sentiments of the American people."
The President went immediately to
Speaker Clark's room and after n
brief talk with the members of the
committee accompanying him return
ed to the White House with members
of his family and Colonel K. M. House
As he left the Capitol he was cheered
enthusiastically and another crowd
awaited him at the White House gate.
WELCOME iNTO THE FAMILY
liy BiilXKERHOIT.
SMOKE.
The city of Chicago, having started a big campaign
for home-gardening within the city limits, has run up
.rifn. an n a v A AitT, tttt Tti. a 1 1 1 li , O i.io f 1 1 wl
that there is a surprisingly large municipal area where
most garden vegetables will not grow. The soil is all
right, but Mm aud air are lacking. The sunshine and
breezes of the Illinois prairie have uo access to the city
soil. They are lost iu the smoke.
Darkness, soot, riudcrs and poisonous gases from soft
coal combustion kill all but the hardest plauts. And
now Chicago is waking up all at once, to ask:
"If potatoes and onions wou't grow under this smoke
pall, will children grow?"
The answer is, "They won't." The smoke is as bad lor
them as for the vegetables. And uow Chicago feels like
getting busy and grappiing with the smoke problem iu
earnest.
OFFICIALS OF NEW
COMPANY PAY WEEK
END VISIT TO CITY
SNOWFLAKE PRECINCT.
The contest instituted by Joe Woods against Sheriff
Newman to oust the latter' from' the office to which he
was elected by the people, has been dismissed by Judge
Sapp, says the Winslow Mail. There uever was any lopl.
timate excuse Tor ever tiling the contest iu the lirst j
place, except Hie naiunii disappointment of an own n
thusiastic candidate who was sure he was going lo win .
'"J' didn't !
Alter a week-cud visit in" Hisbec.
President James Wood aud Secretary
J. F. Cleveland have left for various
parts of the county in answer to calls
from many sections for stock in
(Jiieen-Caluiuet Copper Kxtensiou. Mr.
Wood went to California and Mr.
Cleveland will visit New York City.
St. Louis, C'hicaito and Philadelphia
before returning to ISisboe.' The cabl
ern trip is being made at the repies'
of eastern capitalists who desire first
hand information on the new proper
ty. Dr. Walter Harvey Weed's repoit
on th: property, completed recently,
only verified the opinion of many -who
have become interested iu Queen Cal
umet. Messis. Woodman aud Gardi
ner, also connected piominclilly with
Hi" new company, will leinain in Ihi'
city inl finitely to look :iller I lie in
terests of residents of the W'arnn
District who are letting in ou the
.'1UJ llo'.T of the l;r t ;! j'T' .Title
'v;? DEj
i!; 0 j ! :,:h - Ml i
v. W M rlf fc
r , ! v,r.r . ; y
-
ARMY AND NAVY
PRECAUTIONS TAKEN
AGAINST ATTACK
j federal troops in addition to trins'.ng strength, the United States army
ithe present regular army and n i'ional would number more than 1.200,000
j guard forces up to their maximum men.
i , . .,..J.J.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, April 2. Army and
navy preparations- were believed by
olficials tonight to have reached a
stage guaranteeing against all imme
diate defense needs and insuring tliac
the more sweeping steps congress is
expected to authorize can be carried
out promptly.
During the day more national
guardsmen were called into the fed
eral service for police duty, making a
total of more than 60,000 state troops
now assigned to guard against inter
nal disorders. The war department
also announced that in order not to
handicap government construction
work, all guardsmen who are govern
ment employes tor employes of private
plants doing government work will be
mustered out The &uard organiza
tions called out today are:
Vermont First Infantry.
Virginia Fourth Infantry, First aud
Second Coast Artillery, Battery B,
Jeld artillery.
West Virginia Second Infantry.
Connecticut Second and Fourth
Companies Coast Artillery
Returns today from recruiting sta
tions showed big gains. During March
the army gained 6723 men, and while
declining to go into details, war de
partment officials said the total
strength was nearing the authorized
peace maximum 120.000. The daily re
turns to the navy department, showed
:hat today had set a new record with
173 applicants accepted.
Another' indication of the govern
ment's precautions for a large army
as evidenced today in the ann'.mnce
ment that the old Fort UinKgold mili
tary reservation in Texas had been
restored to the war department for
military purposes. Since If 11 it has
been under control of the interior de
partment It is assumed the transfer
was made to provide training space.
t
Hums
QJM-
11
firs
3 1
n u 3 m m m M ir o
If you are not a customer of this Bank
this is your invitation to become one.
Vt'e will make you feel at home and
show you why it is to your advantage to
do business here.
Bank with us.
ARMY OF 1,200,000
IS CONGRESS' PLAN
DETAILS COMPLETED
WASHINGTON. April 2. War de
partment plans for the mobilization
of a war time army have been com
pleted for some days and are ready
for submission to the military com
mittees of the house and senate.
The universal service project form
ulated by the army general staff in
troduced iu the form ot a bill in the
house today, provides for the training
of approximately o'M'.'mmi men a year.
The senate niilitaiy committee bill,
for the same purpose, also presented
today, provides for annualclasses of
about eiual size. The staff bill was
based on one year's training however
as against six months training under
the Semite proposal.
Officials of the general st ill are vir
tually iiiiiiniinon ; in believing tli.it
troops should m l be sent to tli" b.et
tle front with less tliiui 12 months in
tensive rainiil"
If !' p'i!i- a l'jv'-O (.'!! fr '""."'
SOME SPECULATIVE SCHEMES
ARE TOO RISKY
for the average person and wise is he who
does not go into any adventurous scheme
until he knows how it stands.
Give your money the opportunity of
earning more money with absolute Safety
by starting an account wilh us.
4' . Interest Faid on Time Deposits
i
With Money
That's the way wealth has been gained ever since the
world Ptarte-rl.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is making money for you with the four per cent
interest which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT
GROW!
Citizens Bank & Trust Company
Main Street
Blab. Arizona
Will E. McKee, President C A. McDonald, Canlr.
O. W. Wolf, Altant Cahlr. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 3, 117.
FIVL
Here's Full
President Wilson spoke as follows:
"I have called the congress into ex
traordinary session because there are
serious, very serious, choices of pol
icy U be made, and made immediately
which it was neither right nor consti- j
tutionally permissable that I should
assume the responsibility of making
on the third of February last. I offic
ially laid before you the extraordinary
announcement of the imperial govern
ment that on and after the first day
of February it was its purpose to put
aside all restraints of law Vr of hu
manity and use its submarines to sink
every vessel that sought to approach
either the ports of Great Britain and
Ireland or the western coasts of Eur-
, ope or any of the ports controlled by
the enemies of Germany within the
Mediterranean.
.. Step Leading to War
"That has seemed to be the object
'of German submarine warfare earlier
in the war, but since April 1 Jast year,
the imperial government had some
what restrained the commanders of
its undersea craft in conformity with
. its promise then given to us that pas
senger boats should not be sunk, and
that due warning would be given to
all other vessels which its submarines
might seek to destroy, when no resist
ance was offered or escape attempted,
and care taken that their crews were
given at least a fair chance to save
their lives in their pen boats. The
precautions taken were meagre and
haphazard enough, as was proved in
distressing instance after instance in
the progress of the cruel and unmanly
business, but a certain degree of re
straint was observed.
Their Merciless Policy
"The new policy has swept every j
restriction aside. Vessels of every
kind, whatever their flag, their char-; niercnant ships will be treated as he
ader, their cargo, their destination. !'ond te Pe ot law subject to be
their errand have been ruthlessly sent i dea,t with as Pirates would be. Armed
to the bottom without warning and j neutrality is ineffectual enough at the
without thought of help r mercv for j best; in such circumstances and In the
those on board, the vessels of friendly I face of such pretensions it is worse
neutrals along with those of belliger-j than ineffectual; it is likely once to
ents. Even hospital ships and ships ; Produce w hatit was meant to prevent;
carrying relief to the sorelv bereaved I il is Iiable to draw us into the war
and stricken of Belgium, though th' itnout either tbe T'hts 01 the effect-
j , -.i. . TivpnpSK TiplliireMnt-
luner were pruviaea wun saie con-
ducts thro ughthe prescribed areas by
the German government itself, and J
were distinguished by unmistakable i
marks of identity have been sunk with j
the same reckless lack of compassion j
or principle. . I
, Rights of Nations
"I was for a little while unable to!
believe that such things would in fact
be done by any government that had
hitherto subscribed to the humane
practices of civilized nations. Inter
national law had its origin in the at-;
tempt to set up sVme law. which would j '
be respected and observed upon tht I
seas, where no nation had right of do-
i
minion and where lay the free high-1
ways of the world. By painful stage !
after stage has that law' been built
up with meagre enough results, in
deed, after all was accomplished that
could be accomplished, but always
with a clear view, at least, of what
the heart and conscience of mankind
demanded.
Last Right Challenged
"This minimum of right the German
government has swept aside under the
plea Vf retaliation and necessity and
because it had no weapons which it
could use at sea except these, which
.it is impossible to employ as it Is
employing them without throwing to
the winds all scruples of humanity or
of respect for the understandings that
were supposed to underlie the inter
course of the world.
"I am n'ot now thinking of th
loss of property involved, im
mense and serious as this is, but
onlv of the wnntnn and ihnlialn
destruction if th livou nr nnn. I
combatants, men, women and chil
dren, engaged in pursuits which
have 'always, even in the darkest
periods of modern history, been
deemed inn'jeent and legitimate.
I'roperty can be paid for: the lives
of peaceful and innocent people
cannot be. - x
Unjust to Mankind
"The present German submarine I
warfare against commerce is a war
fare against mankind. It is a war)
against all nations. American Vliips!
1 1. : . . '
nar tou buiih, .American lives laKeu
in ways which it has stirred us very
deeply to learn of, but the ships and
people of other neutral and friendly
nations have been sunk and over
whelmed in the waters in the same
BABY DAY
EVERY WEDNESDAY
BRING YOUR BABY TOMPRROW
Wednesday our studio belongs to the Babies a
real "Baby Day" when we give our particular atten
tion to making pictures of the youngsters good pic
tures! , 2 Good Pictures for $1.50
This price is good on the one day only. It's a Baby
Day Special pictures you'll be proud to show. Pictures
that will be a permanent record. Get your baby's pic
ture Wednesday.
Dix Studio
The rhotographcr in Your Town
Jakob Schmid BIdg. Brewery Gulch
Text of the President's Message
way. There has been no discrimina
tion. The challenge is to all mankind.
Each natiVm must decide for itself
how it will meet it. The choice we
make for ourselves must be made with
a moderation of counsel and a temper-
edness of judgment befitting our char
acter and our motives as a nation. We
must put excited feeling away. Our
motive will not be revenge or the vic
torious assertion tf the physical might
of the nation, but only the vindication
of right, of human right, of which we
are only a single champion.
Peace Impracticable
"When I addressed the congress on
the 26th of February last. I thought j
it would suffice to assert our neutral
rights with arms, 'jur right to use the
seas against unlawful interference,
our right to keep our people saf
against unlawful violence. Hut armed
neutrality, it now appears, is imprac
ticable. Because submarines are In
effect outlaws when used as fhe Ger
man submarines have been used
against their attacks as the law of
nations has assumed that merchant
men would defend themselves against
privateers or cruisers, visible craft
giving chase upon the open sea. It
is a common prudence in such circum
stances, grim necessity indeed, to en
deavor to destroy them before they
have shown their own intention. They
must be dealt with upon sight, if dealt
with at alL
German Defiance
"The German government denies the
right of neutrals to use arms at all
within the areas of the seas which It
has proscribed, even in t.he defense
of rights which no modern publicist
denies their right to defense. The in
timation is conveyed that te armed
guarus w men we nave piacea on our
"
"We Cannot Submit"
"There is one choice we cannot
make, we are incapable of mak
ing; we will not chAose the path
of submission and suffer the most
sacred rights of our nation and
our people to be ignored or vio
lated. The wrongs against which
we now array ourselves are not
common wrongs; they cut to the
very roots Of human life.
ASKS FOR WAR
"With a profound sense of the
solemn and even tragical char
acter of the step I am taking and
of the grave responsibilities which
it involves, but in unhesitating
obedience to what I deem my con
stitutional duty, I advise that the
congress declare the recent course
of the imperial German govern
ment to be in fact nothing less
than war against the government
and people of the United States;
that it formally arcept the status
of belligerent which has thus
been thrust upon it, and that it
it take immediate steps not only
to put the country in a more thor
ough state of denfense, but also
to exert all it oower and employ
all its resourcs to bring the gov
ernment of the German empire to
terms and end the war.
Ally Wfth Ententei
"What this will involve is clear. It
will involve the utmost practicable co
operation iu counsel and action with
j the governments now at war with Gcr
ituauy. and. as incident to that, the ex
tension to those governments of the
most liberal financial credits, in or
der that our resources may, so far a t
possible, be added to theirs. It will
involve the organization and mobiliza
tion 'of all the material resources of
the country to supply the materials
j of war and serve the incidental needs
of the nation in the most abundant.
; and yet he most economical and effic
! ient way possible.
1 WANT 500,000 MEN NOW
It will involve the immediate
j full equipment of the navy in all
respects, but particularly in sup
plying it with the bast means of
dealing with the enemy's submar
ines. .It will involve the imme
diate addition to the armed forces
of the United States already pro
vided for by law in case of war.
at least 500,000 men, -who should
in my opinion, be chosen upon the
principle of universal liability to
service, and also the authorization
of subsequent additional increases
of equal force so soon as they may
be needed and can be handled in
training.
To Involve High Tax
"It will inlve, of course, the
granting of adequate ' credits to the
government, sustained, I hope, so fat
as they can equitably be sustained, by
the present generation by well con
ceived taxation. I say sustained so far
as may be equitable by taxation be
cause it seems to me that it would be
most unwise to base the credits which
will now be necessary entirely on
money borrowed. It is our duty, I
nnst respectfully urge, to protect our
people so fafr as we may against the
very serious hardships and evils
which will be likely to arise out of
the inflation which would be produced
by vast loans.
In earning out tbe measures by
which these things are to be accom
plished we should keep constantly in
mind the wisdom of Interfering as lit
tle as possible in oar own prepara
tion and in the equipment of our own
military forces with the duty for it
will be a very practical duty of sup
plying the nations already at war with
Germany with the materials which
they can obtain only from us or by
our assistance. They are deficient and
we should help them in every way to
be effective. x
I shall take the liberty Of suggest
ing, through the several executive de
partments of the governments for the
consideration of your committees,
measures for the accomplishment of
the several objects I have mentioned.
I hope that it will be your pleasure
to deal with the mas having been
framed after very careful thought hy
which fh J k f-?VemPn Up0ril
ll)
te war and safeguarding the nation
will most directly fall.
Why U. S. Wages War
While we do these things, .these
deeply momentous things, let us be
very clear and make very clear to all
the world what our motives and eur
objects are. My own thought has not
been driven from its habitual and nor
mal courVe by the unhappy events of
the last two months, and I do not be
lieve that the thought of the nation
has been altered or clouded hy them.
"I have exactly the same things in
mind now that I had in mind when I
addressed the senate on the ?2nd of
January last; the same that I hal in
uiind when I addressed the congress
on the 3rd of February and the l'6th
of February. Our object now. as then
is to vindicate the principles of peace
and justice in the life of the world as
igainst selfish and autocratic power
and to set up amongst the really free
and self-goverited . peoples of the
world such a concert of purpose and
of action as will henceforth insure
ihe observance of these principles.
"Neutrality is no longer feasible or
desirable where the peace of the
world is involved and the freedom of
its peoples, and the menace to that
peace and freedom lies in the exist
ence of autocratic governments back
ed by organized force which is con
trolled wholly by their will. ootby
the will of their people we have seen
the last of neutrality in such circum
stances. "We are at the beginning of an age
in which it will be insisted that the
same standards of conduct and of re
sponsibility for wrong doue shall be
observed among nations and tbe gov
ernments that are observed among
the individual citizens of civilized
states.
German People Blameless
"We have no iiiarrel with the Ger
tuau people. We have no feeling to
ward them but one of sympathy anu
friendship. It was not upon their Im
oulse that their government acted in
entering this war. It was not with
their previous knowledge or approval
It was a war determined upon as wars
used to be determined on in the old.
unhappy days when peoples were no
where consulted by their rulers and
wars were provoked and waged in the
interests of dynasties or of little
groups of ambitious men who wen
accustomed to use their fellow men
as pawns and tools.
The Spy Cases
"Self-governed nations do not fill
their neighbor states with spies or set
tbe course of iutrigue to bring about
some critical posture- of affairs which
will give tbcni an opportunity to
strike and make couquest. Such de
signs can be successfully worked only
u'ider cover and where no oue has th:
right to as-k uuections.
"Cunningly cuutricd plans of de
ception or aggression, carried, it may
be from generation to generation, ran
V worked out and kept from tin- light
only within the privacy of roijrls or
behind the carefully guarded confi
dences of a narrow and privileged
class. They are happily impossible
where public opinion commands and
iusists upon full information concern
ing that nation's affairs.
Hail Democracy!
"A steadfast concert for peace can
ucver be maintained except by a part
nership of dcmdiratic nations. No j honor. The Ansl ro-Hiincarian gov
aiitocratie government could lie trust-: eminent has indeed avowed its mi
cd to ki-ep faith with it or observe Ms
covenants. It must be a league of
houor, ;i. partnership of opinion. In.
triune would eat its vitals away: the
plotting of inner circles who could
plti'i v r:'. the- u ouM h'J'1 ren-V r
count to no one, would if- a corrup
tion seated at its very heart. Only
free peoples can hold their purpose I
and their honor steady to a common
end and prefer the inteiests of man
kind to any narrow interest of their
own.
"Does noe every American feet that
assurance has been added to our hope
for the future peace of the world by
the wouderful and heartening things
that have been happening within the
last few weeks in Russia?
"Russia was known by those who
knew it best to have been always in j
fact democratic at heart, in all the
vital habits of her thought in all the
intimate relations of her people that
spoke their natural instinct, their
habitual attitude towards life.
"The autocracy that crowded the
summit of her political structure, long
as it had stood and terrible as was
the reality of its power, was not in
fact Russian in origin, character or
purpose; and now it lias been shaken
off and the great, generous Russian
people have been added1 in all their
naive majesty and might to the forces
that are fighting for freedom in the
w-orld, for justice and for peace. Here
is a fit partner for a leaeue or honor.
Spies in U. S. Employ
"One of the things that has served
to convince that the Prussian autoc
racy was not and could never be our
friends is that from the very outset
of the present war it has tilled out
unsuspecting communitios and even
)ur offices of government ith spies
and set up criminal intrigues every
where afoot against our nation nienac
onr nntoo u jthin and without, our
industries and our commerce.
G'rman Bomb Plots
"Indeed, this is now evident (hat
its spies were here even before the
matter of conjecture, but a f,ct pro"
in our .courts of Justice. ,hst te
intrigues which have more than once
come perilously near to disturbing
the peace and dislocating the indus
tries of the country, have been car-!
ried on at the instigation, with the
support, and even under the personal
lirection of official agents of the im
perial government accredited to the
loveriiraeut of the United Slates. '
The Mexico Plot
"Even in checking these things and
trying to extirpate them, we have
sought to put the most generous in
terpretations possible upon the n be
cause we knew that their source lay,
not in any hostile feeling or purpose
of the German people toward:;
(who were, no doubt, as ignorant of j
them as we- ourselves were) but only
n the selfish depigns of :i government
that did what it pleaded and told its
neople nothing. But they have play
M their part in serving to convince
"s at last that that government en
"ertains no real friendship for us and
means to act against our peace and
security at its convenience. T!i?t it
means to stir up enemies against us
at our very doors, the intercepted j
note to the German minister at Mexi-;
'o City is eloquent evidence. I
Autocratic Menace j
"We are accepting this challenge i
of hostile purpose because we know
that in such a government, following I
such methods, we can never have a I
friend; and that in the presence of j
its organized power, always lying in '
wait to accomplish we know not w lint i
purpose, there cau be no assured se-1
curity for the democratic govern-!
ments of the world. .
"We are now about to accept Ihe
gauge of battle with this natural foe
to liberty and shall, if necessary. '
speud the whole force of the nalfim'
to check and nullify its pretentions
ind its power. We are glad. no thai
we see the fact with no veil of false
nretense alwut them to liuht thus for
the ultimate peace of the world and
f"r the liberation of its peoples; the '
German peoples included: for the
rights of nations great and small and
the pri ilege of men everywhere to
choose their way of lire and of obed
ience. The world must be made safe
for democracy. Its peace must be
planted upon the trusted foundations
f political liberty.
"We have no selfish ends to
serve. We desire no Conquest,
no dominion. We seek no indem- !
nities for ourselves, no material
compensation for the sacrifices
we shall freely make. We are but
one of the champions of the !
rights of mankind. We shall be i
satisfied when those righ.nts have '
been as secure as the faith and j
the freedom of the nations can !
make them. Just because we .
fight without rancor and without '
selfish objects, seeking nothing j
for ourselves but what we shall !
wish to share as free peoples, we I
shall, I feel confident, conduct our
operations as belligerents without
passion an ourselves observe j
with proud punctilio the princl- j
pies of right and of fair play wc
profess to be fighting for. ;
No War On Austria j
"1 have said nothing of the novel n-,
inenfs allied with the imperial gov-j
eminent, of Germany because they
have not made war uikiii us or cluii- j
leiiuud us to defend our riKhl and our I
'nullified endorsement and ;n ,-et j
tiiicr of the reckless and lawliss sub-I
marine warfare adopted now w 1 1 ' -1 1
disguise by the imperial German gov
ernment, and it has theiefore not
!! po-ible for this i;,'-,''"-tJ,!i"Ul to
IS THIS POSTER IN
g
? --. ' V,: : V"' : i
-
V :
T.
. WE' STAND' DEHIND-TKEM
. . Karl Harding.
Reproduction of "Patriots' 'Wilson Portrait." thousands of copies of whick
li.-ne been distributed throughout the country.
receive Count Taniowski. the ambas
sador recently accredited to this gov
ernment ly the inipuial aud royal
government of Austria Hi.ii;:;iry; but
that government has nut a'-f:ail.'- en
gaged in warfare, against citizens of
the I'nited Stntes on t'le sas, and I
take the liberty, for the present ai
least, of postponing a decision of our
"'niioTis the rtithoi itic; at Vien
na. We ci'ier tuis war o;i!y where
we are clearly forced t because tliei .
are no other means o: dofotniiiig our
rights.
"It will be all the easier for us to
conduct ourselves as belligerents ir,
a high spirit of right anil fairness be
cause we act without primus, not it
enmity towards a people or with the
desire to bring any injury or disad
vantage upon them, but only in army
opposition to an irresponsible govern
ment which has thrown acide all con
sideration of humanity and of right
and is runniiu amuck.
Borne Insults Patiently
"We are, let me say. the sinceie
friends of the German pe;pl-. and
shall desire nothing so much as the
early 're-establishment of intimate n
latiuns of mutual advantage between
us lioweer hard it may ho for ilieiii
to believe th;t this i- spoken fre;i'
nir hearts. We lmve borne v.ith theii'
preseut government thrau:': alt fl-.e.ic
bitter iiiotlhs because of i!'at friend
shin exert ising a p!.iei;:e :nl tore
bearanee which would orhrru i; e hav.
been impos: tble. Wc sLatl. 'ir ou!v
si ill have an opportunity ;i prove tlur
friendship in our daily attuui'.e .'in !
actions towards the millions el' nn I j
and women of German biitl! tun! r.:it
ive sy in pa thy who live umotigsf :
and share our life, and we shall In
proud to prove il towards all who are ,
in fact, loyal to IN ir ne'vhbors and t
the government iu the hour ol t si ;
Thy are. most of tlinn. sts tine am
loyal Americans as if they bad nev i ,
known any other fealty or allegiance. .
They will be prompt to stand with : ;
iu rebuking and aie training tbe few :
people made of a different mind anc (
purpose.
Dcal Sternly With Traitors !
If there should be disloyalty jt wil:
be dealt witb with a firm hand ol
stern repression; but. if it His its,
head at all, it w ill left it only here j
and there and w ithout countenance
except from a lawless and maligueiit
few, ;
"It is a distressing and oppressive l
duty, gentlemen of the congress.;
which I have perfotuied in thus ad-,
dressing vou. There are. it may be!
many mouths of lieiy trial and s.n n- 1
lice ahead of us. Il is a fcaiOil tiling ,
to lead this great peyi eful country in- '.
to war. into the most leriilib- and;
disa; tro'is of all wars. ci iliral ion it
self seeming to lie in the b.il.iio -. Vt'lt
Ihe liht is more piiious thin lite,
and we shall tight lor the things
which we have always carried nearest
our hearts - for d'iiioi racy, for the
lihl of those who subuiii to aulhoii
ty to have a voice in tneir own gov
crinu'iit, lor the richts and liberties
of sinail lU'tiolls. lot a n ! . i t . a 1 lioiu
iuioti of tiuhl by su h a concert of
tree peoples as shall brin eace ami
salely to all uaious anil in. ike the
world itsell at last lice. To such a
l..-k vi- au iedi .He our lives and
our iortuii". e ver.v i b iu tli.it we an
and everything that we have with the
pi j.t. ,.f llj,...,. ... l;J V;.,... l-.,l I... .'... I
I
YOUR WINDOW?
V
- s it. , ,
-A v. tV
t x a, S.
:t.
"has cume when America in privileged
( j spend her bl'jod and her might for
; the principles that gave her binb and
happiness and the peae which she
nas treasured. God helping her. she
cm do no other."
LEAVES FOR TEXAS.
Louis Lorch left yesterday for a
visit to his home in AmariMo, Tex..
jiassi"-; through this city on his way
i'j tae Ijme !.tar state after a visit to
the Feather River mining pioperties
in California. Air. Lorch is expected
to return to liisbee within a few days.
NOTICE
At the meeting of the Warren Pjs
trict F.uilders Exchange held April ,
t-'nd. 1917. the following resolution 1
vas passed by unanimous vote: Re
solved. That affr May 1st. 1917, the
wage scale of the various building
trades of the Warren District shall !
remain as at present.
Signed: J. 1. SttlTes, vice-president;
W. K. Wade, Sec'y. '
The following is a list of members
of the Warren District Builders Ex- .
change: ('has. Clason, J. 1. Chialdo.
J. l tif-fi", .Mainland & Williams,
Fred A. F.vaus. II. K. Wootton. Guar
antee Faiut Co.. Fiul Johuson. F. J.
Vaughan, Wm. Bashorc, E. Dorring
t jn. W. K. Wade. Eugene Stevens. J.
L. "Allison. A. Parker, C. A. Morrow.
C!.as. II. Odam,- T. Holland. M. W.
Wilson, C. Baker, Robert E. Smith.
Advertisement- UC"
THREATENED WILSON'S
LIFE: IS LOCKED UP
CAMDEN. N. J.. April 2 Tech-
nically charged with threatening
the life of President Wilson, Ed-
w-.'rJ W. Simmers, a German
i"T yeai-- old. was held under Jl'C-
il". biil for further hearing on
Wednesday- by I'nited States
Commissioner Joiin here t'oday.
In default of bail. Simmers was
remanded.
According to secret service op- '
eratives. Simmers declared that
"if he had a bomb he would go to
Washington and blow off the
President's head."
i - Jf
Announcem en t
We wish to announce that Daniel H. Evans has
taken over Thomas Quinnan interest in the (French Dry
Cleaners) Cleaning & Dyeing establishment.
Mr. Evans has been with the Bisbee Dye & Clean
ing Works for the past six months and is considered one
of the best cleaners and hatters in the entire southwest.
Expert dry cleaning and spotting is a specialty of his,
which has been amply demonstrated by the class of
work he has given to his former patrons at the old stand.
In taking an interest in the plant of the French Dry
Cleaners he solicits a share of your patronage with the
assurance that you will be entirely satisfied or your "
money refunded. If expert service, courteous treatment
and prompt delivery mean anything to youwe are sure
of getting and holding your patronage.
HERZFIELD & EVANS
Phone 390 Opposite Pythian Castle
MarinelloFace Powder
Is Different
FORMS a real protection
actually clingt to the skin and pre
vents the disastrous effects that other
wise follow exposure. It is delightfully
t! liferent, as a single trial will prove.
If you have never tested it. send Ten
Co;-! srd we wiU'&nd you a mmiature hex
i Pwii-r. seme f-Hor Cfsirn, Txxh Pastr.
lianfl Joilv. Phantom Pnv'.-t snd valuable
McDonald's Marinello Shop Phone 309
MAGNATE COPPER CO.
To the Stockholders of the Mag
nate Copper Company:
Application has been mad to
list the shares of stock of the
iM agnate Copper Company with
the New York Curb Market As
sociation. Trades in the shares of this
company can be made on the
New York Curb on and after
April 5, 1917.
M. BROOKE. Secretary
Philadelphia,, April 2 1917.
Theatre
1 to 10 P. M. Daily
The Best Nickel Show in
Town.
Today
"SOULS UNITED"
3 Reel Gold Seal Feature
"THE HONEYMOON
SURPRISE"
Victor Comedy
ADMISSION
So
The
Beautiful
Continuous From 1 To 10 P. M.
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
LUBIN PRESENTS
ETHEL CLAYTON AND HOUSE
PETERS
IN
"THE GREAT DIVIDE"
Produced in the Grand Canyon of
the Colorado.
FRANK DANIELS In
"KERNEL NUTT IN MEXICO"
1 Reel Vitagraph Comedy
COMING TOMORROW CHARLIE
CHAPLIN IN "POLICE-
ADMISSION
Reserved seats 25c
Lower Floor 10c
Balcony 5c
ST Am
LYE SIX
-1 4 i
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 3, 1017.
ft n
y
;1 HH11P1
The Home of Quality Photoplays
Theatre
Three ieiits-l-Tlir
Matinee Thursday and Friday
Thos. H. Ince $ 1 ,000,000 Spectacle in eleven parts
A Timely Subject That -Should Be Seen By All
eelshts
LOTS OF SEEDS.
Billy Delbrid ge. secretary of the
Commercial club has received a large
FORD THE MODERNIST I
Manager F. F. Mi l.fllin and his cn-
1 tire Iiti i- or sal "men Mini mechanic
supply .if seeds In. in Ihe Dcparnmiif i w,.lo all.d 10 In. nfU-s Monday right
of Agriculture, ilirourli S.nainr A.li- 1 ln a ,i & BUdsne iMiniuet at the
i l.ur-t.. Anyone desiring any of the 1 ;;..d. n Hon I iv.-n in honor of Mr.
i seeds, all of which are for vegetable j w OFl(. , ,1,0 Ford efliii.n.y
'ran obtain IVi l.y calling at the -..I-! PX,.rH who la,r uiXt., the Hood
, fi.-P "f til.- f Int. in the Commercial flub j:1(-.(lsot. MHrai.,, . r,liUt o auA rxr,iaIn.
' U 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 .
i d lo tin- maiiat-'iT and mechanics the
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
I (Allen Block
! A prat bip glass fresll buttermilk
' It's only 5 cents. Advertisement. :!0't
j latest Ford inventions in repair ma
leliineiy and tools; and instructed
(then) in the use thereof. Hood &
llledsoe liave ordered largely in parts.
I tools and machinery, and Ford own-
ets may expect up to date and satis-
factory srvif e in this garage, which
is devoted exclusively lo Fords, ('.as
1 oline, oils. air. tires, tubes, accessor-
Civilization
THE SEASON'S SUPREME SPECTACLE
40,000 People, 10,000 Horses, Submarine, Airship,, Battleships
MATINEE 1:30 I. M. THURSDAY AND FRIDAY NIGHT 8:15
PRICES 75c 50c, 35c and 25c
Reserved Seat Sale at Orpheum Bex Office. Seat Sale Now Open
STAGE SERVICE STARTS
Four, big Winton-Six automobiles,
among the most handsome even seen
in tho sl.ite of Arizona u-cr intivv.
.In,.-.! ti ,.fv;,. v.,i,.-!i,s 'n Viiri. ty. Mood Bledsoe
morning by the Motor Transit Com-;
pany. According tV the schedule, ar
ranged by the company, a car will .
leave the Gadsden at Douglas and the
Copper Queen hotel in iBsbee every BUYS OUT INTEREST.
hour durln- Hie dav. bezinnin. at s i Daniel II .Evans.-formerly w ith the
shop and parage opposite new Khat
tuck mine office, Johnson Addition.
Phone SU. Advertisement. 324
o'clock in the morning
j Bishee Dyn and Cleaning Works, has
j purchased the half interest of Thomas
Bring your watches and jewelry to:,,innan in lh French Dry Cleaners
Lowell Jewelry Shop. Official watch
inspectors E. P. & S. V. Ilailroad.
Advertisenient. 2S4
Rubber stamps, emblem key checks
H. Snodgras:;, Phone Black 647. ll'U
Tombstone Canyon. Advertisement
r.r.s
'rS,
9 1 1
4B U
Commencing 5:30 P. M.
Pallas Pictures Presents
DUSTIN FARNUM
IN
8IF6
"A
A thrilling and amusing photoplay of a young
Irishman's resolute struggle against the political corrup
tion of a big American city.
ADMISSION - - - 10 AND 15 CENTS
Tickets Issued on Coupons Accepted for Any
Performance.
GftyBne!
3"
PEARCE MINER KILLED.
William Payne, employed in the
stamp mill of the Commonwealth Min
ing Company at Pearce was instantly
killed there on Sunday when his body
was caught in the machinery, break
ins his neck. Walter Hubbard of the
Palace Undertaking Company went tc
Pearce and took care of the body.
Payne was single, about thirty years
of age and came to Arizona from Wat
was teaching school at Pearce, accom
panied the body to the old home for
interment.
NOTICE
The Green way School Jf Warren
will be formally opened Thursday
evening;. April 5th. at 7:30 o'clock,
under the auspices of the Warren
Parent Teachers Association. Mem
bers and friends will be made cordial
ly welcome. A program has been ar
ranged. Refreshments will also be
served. Advertisement. 3S4
; LEAVES FOR WASHINGTON.
Dr. Francis E, Shine, head of the
medical tall of the Copper Queen
and the E. P. &. S. W. left Sunday
nifht for Wahington. where he will
remain several days on business.
1 Expert repairing on fine watches
and jewelry, diamond setting, engrav
, ing and general repairing. Minton,
j the postoftice jeweler, Lowell.
Advertisement 343
CATHOLIC LADIES DANCE
At Eagles Hall Monday. April 9th,
McAIeer's Orchestra, dentlemen $1.
Advertisement. 3S."
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath, violet ray
electric treatments, OS Mason Hill.
Mason Hill car stop. Phone Blue 647.
Advertisenient, 231
KNIGHTS TEMPLARS ATTENTION
All members of Uisbee Commande
ry No. 4 K. T. and sojourning Knights
are earnestly requested to be present
at Asylum Wednesday night, April 4
at seven o'clock for conferring of
Temple Degree. Arrangements for
Easter will also be considered. P. S.
Davenport. Rec. J. C. E. Fry. E. C.
Advertisement. .ISa
Dr. Edward Colman. Chiropractor
and Osteopath, rheumatism, nervous
ness a specialty. Office, Hughes
block, 1st floor, opposite Y. M. C. A
; DOCTOR VISITS.
I Dr. W. M. Randolph, of Tombstone,
, and connected in a medical capacity
with the Hunker Hill Mines Company,
was a viistor in the city yesterday
i from his home in the country seat.
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
t (Allen Ulock)
Delicious home made butter,
costs same as any other. Try it.
Advertisement.
sin
P. J. McCullough, contractor and
builder. Phone 20, Box 934. Retain
in; walls and sidewalks are my spe
cialty. AdveniseMcnu 3",9
MRS. WRIGHT BURIED.
Mrs. Harvey Wright, who died here
on March 29, of tuberculosis was bur
ied yesterday in Evergreen cemetery.
Mrs. Wright is survived by a husband,
a resident of Antlers. Oklahoma, and
her father, J. T. Crow of this city and
a brother and sister. Rev Fry officiated
VISITING FAMILY.
Ralph Cadweyy, superintendent of
the Ajo railroad, is visiting his fam
iyl in this city. He will remain for
several days before returning to the
busy copper camp.
FOR SALE
Flower pots for plants cheap. Un
cle Jim's, Brewery Gulch.
Advertisement.
IN COMMISSION SOON.
Tho two new American-La France
motor-driven fire engines, which ar
rived several days ago. will probably
be put in commission tomorrow or
the next day. A representative of the
American-La France company is ex
pected to reach Bisbee today to ac
quaint the members of the fire depart
ment with the new apparatus.
MERGED
The Warren Sulphur Company have
merged with The Globe Sulphur Com
nany and are issuing one share of
Warren with each lot purchased in
the Globe. The Warren have 60 feet
of sulphur already developed, ready
for the plant. See F. Priggs & C,
Lowell. Ariz. Phone 701. Box 3007.
Adverti.-'ement. 339
39 1
CASE CONTINUED.
The case jf Fako Salo, charged with
gambling, was continued in Judge J.
L. Winters court at Lowell yesterda
until Thursday.
' NEO-BEAUTY SHOP
j Xeo-Plastique Massage, manicuring
body massage, etc. Your patronage so
licited. Ladies and gentlemen, Mrs.
Elsie M. Sawyer, Room 1C, Letscn Ho
tel. Advertisement. 19fi
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
Stage Line.
! The original Tombstone stage leaves
daily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p; in. from
Cochise Motor Co., Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. &39
(Advertisement I
ATTENTION YOEMEN
Delegates to the State Conclave
will meet at Odd Feflows Hall April
3rd to organize State Lodge. Dele
gates from all lodges in the state ex
pected. All Yoemen that can are re
quested to be at the hall at ten o'clock
Tuesday morning. There will be a
dance and intertainmer.t in the even
ing to which all Yoemen and their
friends are cordially invited.
Mrs. C. C. Piulayson. Foreman.
Mr. E. D. Stinson. Correspondent.
Advertisement. 2SS
j A car every hour, Bishee to Douc
i l?s. Good cars and careful drivers.
American Stage Line. Phone 3CC.
Highest cash price paid for old gold
and silver. Lowell Jewelry Shop. Of
ficial watch inspectors E. P. & S. W
Railroad. Advertisement. 2S1
Orpheum Theatre
LAST TIME TONIGHT
AT THE, ROYAL.
Robert Warwick and Mollie King,
two feature stars on the World nro-
1 gram appear today at the Royal thea
jtre in "All Men." This picture comes
to Bisbee w ith the highest of recom
; mendations. Warwick, the leading
man, is regarded as 'one of the best
screen actors in the country and the
attendance is certain to be big.
$35.00 tailor made uncalled for suit.
$20.00. Millard & Bateman, Allen
Block. Advertisement.
JUST WRIGHT SHOES
Complete line of these famous
shoes, just arrived. Millers Shirt &
Hat Shop. Adv. 309
FROM TOMBSTONE.
Louglas Grey, Tombstone mining
man, was in Bisbee on business yesterday.
FORFEITS BOND.
H. E. Love, arrested in the Hughes
block Saturday on a charge on disturb
ing the peace, forfeited his bond when
his name was called in city court yes
terday. Love is said to have broker.
into a room in the Hughes block that
was quarantined for measles and to
j have started to beat a woman wht
was in the room.
CARD OF THANKS
We wish to th.ink our niauy friends
for their kindness shown us during
the sickness and death of our beloved
wife, daughter and sister. Mrs. II. E.
Wright, husband H. E. Wright. Mr.
find Mrs. J. T. Crow.
Advertisement. 393
CITY COURT MOVED.
Judge Frank Thomas yesterday con
ducted court in the council chamber
at the city hall which, in the future,
will serve as city court room and po
lice station. In addition to being a
much nrbre roomy and modern court
room, the new location makes it much
easier for the police to transact their
official business, as the new quarters
are only across the hull from those of
City Marshal Jimmie Allison.
FOR RENT
Highland Tark for picnics, clubs
and parties, good dance floor. Phone
257 J. A. Finney. Sr., Uncle Jim's
Brewery Gulch. Advertisement. 639
INTERESTING LECTURE.
Mr. J. B. Tenny delivered an unus
ually interesting lecture on the "Hub
iis and Customs of the Chinese" be
fore 100 boys in the boys' department
of the Y. M. C. A. Sunday afternoon.
The service preceding the lecture was
led bv Messrs. Iewis and Parish.
DANCER SINGER?
j ' ' '''- ,5,,- A SALLE CPltA fftil
d J fill
whan zr 4m$VrjVi YSSk 5m
VIQGIL BENNETT i f ' i TAWENrU
GREAT TANGOESQU5 GWmW
COSTUMES A ROT AJ COLO
c5Cf NIC NVIRONMdS73 3UP8&Ly D'l-" -'
THE WORLD'S GREATEST DANCING FESTIVAL
FRICES 50c, 75c, $1 AND $1.50 ORPHEUM
SEATS NOW SELLING BOX OFFICE
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE
Irwin Stiujio, Main Street. 857
Advertisement.
IS AFTER FUNDS.
Lieutenant L: B. Schell. financial
representative of the Salvation Army
Rescue home, loc ated in El Pas). Tex..
and doing a great work for needs of
girls and women in this region of the
Southwest, is a visitor in the Warren
District. Madam Schell will remain
here until after pay day endeavoring
to secure funds to aid in the work of
enlarging the rescue home in the
Texas towu.
Ride on the American Stare Line.
Bishee to Douglas. Phone 3t;fl. !
Advertisement, i
OSCAR SEDMAN DIES.
Oscar Sedman, a miner in the em
ploy of the Copper Oueen Company,
died at his h'.me in Upper Tombstone
canyon this morning at 4 o'clock.
Pneumonia was the cause. Sedman
was 42 years old. He is survived by
a wife and two daughters, aeed eight
and sven years; by a mother. Mrs.
Mary Beck of Iis Antreles. a brother
who resides In Boston and a sister in
I.os Aneeles. His mother m here
at th t'me of her sin's death. Fnn
eral services, conducted by the Chris
tian Science church will bo held this
afternoon at 2 o'clock fro mthe Chanel
of the Palace Undertakinsr comnnnv.
Interment will be made ln Evergreen
cemetery.
1
THE HOUSE OF COMFORT.
Continuous From 1 to 11
"A
The Triangle Fine Arts Presents
THE IRRESISTABLE DOUGLAS FAIRBANKS
IN
oierican Aristocracy"
A super Fairbanks production of ginger, snap, pep,
romance, and a dash of love.
The Triangle Keystone Presents
MACK SWAIN And All-Star Cast in
"His Aato Ruinate"
ADMISSION
10 and 15 Cents.
New Spring PARASOLS
Ready for Easter
Designers and makers have surely distinguished them
selves with the artistic spell that has been put into shapes
and color combinations in Parasols. They come in aU
the new and happy summer shades, also in stripes, polka
dot, plaid and flowered effects. Worthy of special note
are the new Japanese shapes and the materials of genu
ine Khaki-Kool. Prices range at $3.50 up to $12.50
Children's Parasols at 50c, 75c, $1.00.
Newest Creations
in Veils and
Veilings
Smart and stunning
creations from such fam
ous veiling houses as
"Hy-lass" and "Van
Raahe" Wonderful var
iety to suit every face and
every occasions, and de
light every taste.
NEW VEILINGS the yard 35c to $1.25
NEW MOTOR VEILS priced at.... $1.50 to$7.00
NEW VEILS range from 75c to $3.75
: 'ft. ffl3Z3 I
r
Onyxt Hosiery
m
FANCY NOVELTIES FOR EASTER
AND POLKA DOT DESIGNS. "ONYX"
THE PAIR $1.25 AND $1.50.
IN PLAID. STRIPE
SILK QUALITY AT
' f !
if
EASTER GLOVES-New Spring
Shipments Just Received
KAYSER SILK GLOVES.
They wear better than any silk glove made, yet they cost no more
than the ordinary kind. The assurance of absolute satisfaction is
worth the pains of insisting on "Kayser" silk gloves. Stock complete
in new shades as well as black and white wrisi lengths at 60c to
$1 25 per pair.
FOWNES KID GLOVES.
There is no substitute for Fownes, any more than there is a sub
stitute for good manners or good taste. Our spring rhowing Is ready.
White, black and colors in self and constrasting Pitching wrist
lengths at the pair $2.25 and up.
.IRS. WARMINGTON ILL.
Mrs. Herbert Warniington was last
right reported to be seriously ill at
the C. & A. hospital.
GOES TO DOUGLAS.
State Game Warden G? M. Wyiard
left last night for Douglas after a
brief visit in Bisbee.
I SERIOUSLY ILL.
Mrs. Mary McDonald, mother ojf
; Deputy U. S. Marshal James McDon
iald. is seriously ill at her hDrne in this
'city. Mrs. McDonald was taken ill sev
! eral w eeks ago while her son w as ab
sent on a trip to the Coast, but ral
! lied considerably when he returned.
I Yesterday, however, her condition
j again became worse.
1AUGHTER IS BORN.
A daughter was born March 30 to
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred G. Stevenson at
their home in Dixie Canyon.
RECEIVE SAD NEWS.
John and James Ferrell. of Quality
Hill, have received1 word of the death
of their father. William Ferrell, at
his home in England. Mr. Ferrell
was S7 years of age. He is survived
by his widow, living in England. "his
two sons and several grandchildren
rnd great-grand-children living in Bis
bee. He had lived in his home in
England for half a century.
Tttllo Bobby, what you
got there?
I BEST CORN FLAKES EVER v :
Til
The Home of Real Reel Features.
Continuous From 1 To 10:30
WILLIAM A. BRADY
In Association With The World Film Corporation
Presents
ROBERT WARWICK And MOLLIE KING
IN
"All Man"
A World Masterpiece In Five Acts
ADMISSION - - 10 AND 15 CENTS J
?
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 3, 1917.
SEVEN
A
i -J
-.44
$
i
:'f 5
i
i
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
XFAV YORK, April 2. All eyes in
Wall Street were directed toward
Washington today. Monetary condi
tions remained easy, last Saturday's
adverse bank statement being offset
by the receipt of additional gold im
ports which were placed to the credit
of the entente allies. Closing of the
books of the offering or the Pennsyl
vania Tlailrond Company's issue of
$C0.O00,Oft0 bonds several days in ad
vance of the appointed time because
o fa large over-subscription attested
to the confidence of investors.
The uncertain state of the intertia
tional situation was more strikingly
exemplified in the complete rithdrw
nl of rates or exchange on the Teu
tonic countries presumably in the
abseiee. of any demand.
Stocks wore irregular at the open
ing except for these issues in which
pools have' been active. The entire
list moved forward by noon however,
an4L,a-'at highest levels in the last
hour" -the activity of that period deny
ing much of its momentum from short
covering.
Hails were irreuslar being handi
capped by further poor February'
statements of earnings. Total sales
6S5.000 share's.
Heaviness of high grade rails made
for an - irregular bond market. Total
sales -W value, $2.S75.000. United
States .bonds were unchanged on call.
: CHICAGO GRAINS
CHICAGO. --April 2. It was a day
or record making in the grain trade.
Wheaf. corn and oats all reached new
high prices for the season. Estimates
that the winter crop was at the low
est April condition, in the history of
the country did much to- stimulate
buyers into unusual activity and the
market closed strong 2 to 4S, net
higher, with May at $1.99 to and
July at Sl.67 to . Corn gained
3i to 4c. oats to l'sc and pro
visions 7 to 40c.
Corn was governed by much the
same influences as the wheat market.
Offering were small and values ad
vanced quickly, notwithstanding as
sertions that the output of high wines
at Peoria had been reduced one half
owing to the high price of corn. Ac
tive, general demand for oats was
prompted by the sharp advance of
other grain. Reports of rapid prog
ress in seeding were virtually ignored
Although provisions at the outset
were lower, in line with the hog mar
ket, an upturn toon place later on ac
count of the strength o'f grain.
METALS MARKET
XEW YORK, April 21 Lead quiet
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
AND
Oatman
Stocks
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
9fr asked. Spelter quiet, spot East
St. Louis 10'4 at W. Copper quiet
electrolytic spot and nearby nominal,
second quarter 33 at 25. third quarter
31 at 32. I'.ar silver 741.
(By L. J. Overlook)
BOSTON'. April 2. The local mar
ket was dull and firm in today's ses
sion. Swift continues the center of
interest. Copper situation shows in
creased production has ceased for
present while consumption is at top
notch.
Copper stocks today are selling at
15 cent copper basis and are the
cheapest class or stocks on the list,
war or no war. Prospective big con
tracts by United States government
Tor army and navy provisions supplies
mean big profits and higher prices
for the shares of packing companies.
NEW YORK
Anaconda 84 J
American Can r.OA
American Car 70
American Locomotive 71
American Smelter .-. , 105
American Sugar lllTit
Atchison 10514
Baltimore & Ohio 79'i
I laid win
Chesapeake K- Ohio . . .
CoNir.'iiln Fii l I run .
Canadian Pacific
Central Leather
Distillers
Erie
Goodrich
General Motors
Industrial Alcohol
Marine
Marine Pfd
Maxwell .,;
Mid vale
Mexican Petroleum ....
New York Cetiltal
Noriliern Pa.-ilie
Pennsylvania
(tending
Kepuhlie Sirel
Rubber
Sltldeli.'iker
Slivl
St. el Pfd
St. Paul
Soul hern Pacific
t'nlon Pacific
I'nited Fruit
I Westinghouse
BOSTON
Adventure
Allouez
Arizona Commercial
Alaska
American zinc
Putte Superior
Calumet & Arizona
Calumet & Hecia
Copper Ranee
Chino
East Butte
Granby
Green Cananea
Gold Held
Hancock
Indiana ,
Inspiration
Kcnnecott
Keweenaw
Lake
La Salle
Miami
Mayflower
Mohawk
Nevada
North Putte
Nipissing
Old Dominion
Osceola
Pond Creek
Quincy
Ray Consolidated .-
Shattuck s
Shannon
Superior Boston
Tamarack
L'tah Copper
Utah Consolidated
Winona
"Now Remember1
hurry to your grocer's for a
can of Calumet learn your
final and best lesson in baking
bake everything with Calu
met that proved a failure with
; other Baking Powders.
"This is the test which
proves Calumet the surest,
safest Baking Powder in the
world the most economical
to buy and to use. My
mother has used Calumet for
years and there's never a
bake-day failure at our house."
Received Highest Award
New Cook Bock Free
See Slip in Pound Can
si
BAKING P0Wtf8
ChlCAGOr
CURBS
Arkansas & Arizona ..
Austin Amazon
Big Jim
Calumet -ii Jerome
Cornelia
Crystal
Denn
Dundee
Emma
Fortuna
Gadsden
Green Monster
Gold Reed
Grand Island
Howe Sqund
Hecla.
Hull Copper
Inspiration Needles . . .
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor ,
Magma Copper
Magma Chief ,
Miami Consolidated . . .
Monster Chief
Pittsburg Jerome
Ray Hercules
Santa Rita
Tom Reed
United Eastern
I'nited Western
Verde Combination
Verde Extension
Warren
Wolverine Arizona
Butte & London
fil'.-j
COS,
:.
lr.r.i;
91-.;
19i
29 -i
r.4ft
120
127
?.V4
85
a;
nrt
!;.
nr.''..
f.-'! Ms
!IS'',
U
r.7-,
9n
llC'j
117'i
sl'-,
9t;',
i4i'.;
ni'i
r.L'u-
06
. W
9
30 v
. 4rt "
. so---;
. r..".o
. CJ
r.s'i
. ii'i
sr.
. 42
'.(
K.'i
1 i
ci;
40
2;
14';
2-n
41
2Vi
86
24 K
23
7
.63
85
25'4
88
30 '4
27'',
S',2
6'
59;
1WS
16
40
15
1.02
1
17'i
8S
IS
15
1.1-16
19
24
1
05
25
GVi
30
3-16
2 I
K
56 I
25!
M
4
i
2.07
4.55
1
Ts
39
39
l'
24
hm A
1 .MMr Wa
A T . -- 7 V), - V-K
1:1. -v 1 i-; : -v
! wA'iri jap
3
EXPERTS IN' TOBACCO
11
HEADQUAETEKS
Tin:
SMOOTHEST
SMOIvTXG'IGBArxO
V.
i'J
9
fi
v9
f -
J-
"1
4
Fi t!er Time Ages VELVET.
Moi.Ker Nature Alcllou'j It.
An Unbeatable
Team:
Time and Nature
n
$
II
IS
f.:-A
i;
--I
M
"'-V
-
its
Thar ain't a whole lot of dtf'ir.
mr.ct between a ripe ptTiimrun
an' a nearly ripe one on !.
Cttlside. Some of thc$e near if
matuseJ tooaccot sorter favor
VELVET in tool:
i.e.
When tobacco manufacturers try to substitute hurry-up
curing methods for slow, natural ageing of tobacco, you
smokers pay the price.
There is no better method of bringing
out the mellowness and mildness of "Ken
tucky's best" than two years natural age
ing in wooden hogsheads.
VELVET is Kentucky's best Burley
tobacco aged by Nature's method, ;hc
patient method, the expensive method,
but the best method known to man.
ri
t -.-iiV-. A
V Thinkaboutthatoverapipeof VELVET.
5
I Af -I
Jerome Daisy
Warren
Nacozari Consolidated
Verde Apex
Calumet Oil
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
.75 BRITISH RESTRICTIONS reported to the state department lO-Vof coumil of national def.nse point
K9 ON EXPORTS INCREASE. ! day by Consul Ceneral Skinner at out that in seekin;; reduction in t!i
.421 WASHINGTON. April 2. Exten-' London. Many materials used in ship- price of law materials to be us-d by
2,,.sive chanties in the British export re-! building and leather, boots, shoes and 1 government in manufai lure 'f '
j struttions. caused by the necessity ol , the like, needed for the army are in- i muni'inT. covernment is not se k-
cimieu. in 10 net iii'iusi ri u iumii.-u u:a-
: teriaU'at 'cost, hut is working only
iconservins supplies for shipbuildings
! and army needs and of savins cargo
I space on otitoins British vessels were
Members of advisory commission , for elimination of undue war profits.
if
Ask
Grandfather
He'll
Tefl You
You Want To Be
Strong And Well
Keep your blood1 pure ; that's the only way. Don't
wait until you feel badly, but begin NOW. Im
purities in the blood put unnecessary work upon
all the organs, making weakness and old age come
quicker. Do as Grandfather did; take S. S.
the best of all blood tonics, proven for 50 years.
Take it now; take it often, and you will have
strength, health and happiness. At your druggist's.
SWIFT SPECIFIC CO, ATLANTA, CA.
S.S.S.Vill Strengthen You
Correspondent E. F. Hutton & Co, Members New York Stock Exchange
R. Allyn Lewis
Box 279 COPPER QUEEN HOTEL Tel. 135
BONDS, STOCKS, GRAIN, COTTON
PHOENIX, GLOBE, JEROME. PRESCOTT. BISBEE
Orders Executed for Cath or on Proper Margin
E. F. Hutton A. Co.'s Private Leased Wire to All Exchanges
OATMAN
(By Collins & Bretherton)
Bid
Argo .. .04
Adams 04
Arizona Hex
Ariz-Tom It 05
Big Jim 1.00
Boundary Cone 04
Carter Gold
Fessenden
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff
Ivanhoe 03
Lucky Boy 11
Merry Widow
Oatman Combination ..
Sunnysido 10
Tclluride
Tom Reed 2.00
United Eastern 4.70
United Northern
United Western 03
Red Lion
Other Curbs.
Gadsden 2.25
Green Monster 1.75
Butte London
Dundee
Venture Hill
Pittsburg Jerome
Ask
.05
.11
.25
.10
1.02
.00
02
.08
.10
.15
.04 :
.IS
.10
.10
.11 !
.20
2.05
4.S5
.08
2.37!
1.87
.24
. . 1.62
.50
, i
...
1.S7 ,
.12
.87 !
2.06 i
.45 1
.62!
.31 !
.38 i
.50
1.62 '
.50 :
.87,
."8 1
L251
.05
.27 1
w
n
GAS
THE LITTLE PORTABLE GAS HEATER ENABLES YOU
TO QUICKLY CONVERT THE COLDEST ROOM IN
YOUR HOUSE TO WARMTH AND CHEER IT GIVES
v
mir:.-,r .......
. J :i - 'M J.
i-'tV -
WHERE YOU WANT IT
VOIXllOri. WHEN YOU WANT IT
x.
If
j& -1, rV
UGIITS AT THE FLASH OF A MATCH-CONNECTS
BY A FLEXIBLE METALLIC TUBE AND CAN BE
EASILY MOVED FROM ONE ROOM TO ANOTHER.
QUICK SAFE CLEAN
Prices $2.75 to $7.00
v
Jerome Verde 2.00
Ark-Arizona 40
Jerome Portland
Inspiration Needles 19
Hull Copper 30
Magma Chief 43
Wolv-Arlzona 1.50
Miami Mother Lode ...
Verde Combination 69
Miami Consolidated 25
Bisbee Copper
Butte Arizona
Santa Cruz Eiibee ....
BISBEE OPROVEHT
rw xu vifvw'yvswuia r y-rcraw
CO fHE BISBEE DAiLl REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 3, 1917.
eight
W ATKINS ' & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
The HALLMARK Store
Now is the time to buy a
BEACH LOT
fc350
$1.00 Down
$1.00 Per Week
10'r Off on Excess Payments
No Interest No Taxes.
Seashore Colony Tract, Newport
Beach.
25 choice Rand lots; former price.
500. Gas, water and electricity at
hand. Electric cars through tract;
stations on tract. A bona fide op
portunity to double your money
quickly.
C L. Lancaster, Owner
603 Central Bldg., LOs Angeles
Or Newport Beach, Cal. ,
' BRAVES 4, YANKEES 3
. ' FAYETTEVlLLE. N. C. April 2.
'.The Boston Nationals again took the
.lead today in their series with the Am
ericans winning the hfth Mine.
New YorV'.... 3 11 1
. Boston. . . u 4 9 1
Pierce.' Love and Walters; 'Allen.
Davis, Cruni. Nehf and Gowdy.
SHAKE INTO YOUR SHOES
AU.-u 1 -Eiw, tj(e aiiMM'pitc pori.r t be
Lken in (iie uhi and Mritiklcd in i lie iir
b!h. U relirvt- fa&iitui. vu:l n, Miiartin ftit
nd tte tiit; win;: it of corn m.;l t.u;i. n-.
Nuthiu ivtit bmcIi qui- fc and -rutuntrui tviA-t mr
j-w-rin.;. c"0-j5, ntvil, Mclniii. Uti a Aikii's
Koni Fm, tin TMi.fUnl r-u i1f for S xru.
int'.iX hv 1t-,jlH'' eiyrvnbtn-, 2V. AJw-'i i:s
it Ii l;r-ifc in nir ii-t , -n. -fcj. l-'.A-kn
idrca, .lsn !i. f '.uift-vtl. 1a Km. N. 1.
LEGAL NOTICES
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
In the County of Cochise, State of
Arizona.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
Estate of Sarah A. Kelly, deceased.
Notice is hereby gien by the under
signed., .executor ofthe last Will and
Testament . of Sarah A. Kelly, de
' ceased, to the creditors of and all per
sons having claims, against the said
deceased, to exhibit them, with the
necessary vouchers within four months
after the first publication of this
notice to the said executor at the Law
(J Hires 'jf Williams & Flanigan, Allen
Block, Bisbee, Arizona, the same be-
. in? the nlace for the transaction nf
the business of said estate, in said
County of Cochise.
GEORGE J. MeCARE,
!. Executor of the last Will and Testa
'nient of Sarah A. Kelly, deceased.
Dated JBisbee. Arizona, this 24th day
of March, 1917.
First publication March 27, 1917.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
In the Cpunty of Cochise, State of
- Arizona
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
Estate-,tf " Fred Bauer, deceased.
Notice is hereby given by the undtr
signed. Administrator with tlm'Will
annexed of the estate of Fred Bauer,
deceased, to the creditors of i7nd all
persons having claims against the said
deceased, to exhibit them, with the
necessary vouchers within four months
after the first publication of this notice
to the said Administrator with the
Will annexed, at the Law Offices jrf
Williams & Flanigan, Alfc-n Bjck,
Bisbee. Arizona, the same being the
place for the transaction of the busi
ness ot said estate, in said County of
Cochise.
M. ARTl'NOFF,
Administrator with the Will an
nexed of the estate of Fred Bauer, de
sea sed.
Dated Bisbee, Arizona, vthis 24th day
of March. 1917.
First publication Marrh 27. 1917.
NOTICE OF BULK SALE.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
the undersigned. C. H. Martin intends
to sell all his right, title, and interest
in and to all of the stock, goods, book
aM-oiints, bills receivable, and good
will of that certain store and mercan
tile business situated about one-fourth
of a mile southerly from the Town of
Hereford. Cochise County. State of Ari
zona, on the westerly side of the E. P.
& S. W. R. R. Company's track, which
said business has heretofore been con
ducted under the name of "G. H. Mar
tin Mercantile Store". The said sale
is to be made to Phillip J. Wetzel ol
Hereford. Cochise County. Arizona,
and Thomas P. Glenn of Douglas, Co
chise County, Arizona, and the said
Phillip J. Wetzel and Thomas P.
Glenn are to collect all debts owing
t'.i said mercantile business and are
to pay all debt and accounts owed
and contracted by said C. H. Martin
in the conduct and carrying on of
.said business. Said sale and delivery
are to take place on or after the I-'th
day of April, A. I). 1917.
C. II. MARTIN.
Slate of Ariz'iua, )
) ss.
County of Cochise )
On this day. before me. Waller .1.
Rim-Ik-, a Notary public in and Tor the
County of Cochise. State of Arizona,
personally appeared C. II. Martin,
known to me to bp the person whoso
name Is subscribed to the loregoing
instrument, and acknowledged to me
'hat he executed the same for the pur
jfjscs and consideration therein ex
pressed. Given under my baud and seal of of
fice this Slst day of March. A. D. 1917.
WALTER J. RUCHE.
(Sciil) Notary Public.
My commission expires March I,
192".
STATE OF ARIZONA
nffii,. of the
Arizona Corporation Commission
United States of Aiiii-r:; 5
) ss.
State Of Arizona. )
n... ..... .
sion dops hereby certify that the an
nexed is a true and complete tran
script of the
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
NIGHT HAWK LEASING
COMPANY"
! which were iiled in the ofliee of said
j Arizona Corporation Commission on
ithe 24th day of March A. D. 1917, at
10:00 'o'clock a. in., as provided by
law.
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, The
Arizona Corporation Commis
sion, by its Chairman, has here
unto set its hand and affixed its
(Seal) Official Seal. Done at the City
of Phoenix, the Capital, this
24th day of March. A. D. 1917.
Arizona Corporation Commission,
F. A. JONES,
Attest: Chairman.
W. N. SANGSTER,
Secretary.
I ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
, OF
! NiGHT HAWK LEASING COMPANY.
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRES
ENTS:
That we, the uudersigr.cd. hereby
as-jciated ourselves together for the
purpose of forming- a corporation un
der the laws of the State of Arizona,
and for that purpose do hereby unite
in the following Articles of Incorpora
tfon: I.
The name of this corporation shall
be "NIGHT HAWK LEASING COM
PANY." II.
The principal office and the principal
place in which the business of this
corporation is to be transacted within
the State of Arizona is at the City of
Bisbee. County of Cochise, Arizona,
but. said Corporation may have its
principal office either within or with
out the State of Arizona as its board
of directors may hereafter determine.
III.
The time of the commencement of
this corporation shall be as soon as
these articles of incorporation are
filed for .record in the office of the
Corporation Commission of Arizona, a
certitied copy thereof recorded in the
office of the CVunty Recorder of Co
chise County, Arizona, and a Certifi
cate of Incorporation delivered to it
by the Corporation Commission, and
It shall continue for a period of twenty-five
years thereafter. '
IV.
The auth'oi-ized amount of the cap
ital stock of this corporation shall be
One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,
000.00). divided into one hundred
thousand (lOO.OoO) shares c' the par
value of One Dollar ($1.00) per share.
The said capital stock shall be paid
for at such times and in such amounts
as the directors shall from time tJ
time fix. and may be paid for in cash
or by the sale and tranfer to this cor
poration of real or personal property
or services rendered, for the use and
purpose of this corporation at its ac
tual or fair cash value; and the cap
ital stock so issued shall thereupon
and thereby become full paid and non
assessable. In the absence of any
actual fraud in the sale of any such
property, the judgment of the direc
tors as to the value of such property
purchased shall be deemed final and
conclusive. The directors of this cor
poration may, in their discretion, au
thorize the sale of the capital stock
for less than par when the interests
of the corporation demand such ac
tion. V.
The general nature of the business
proposed to be transacted and the pur
noses for which thi rtinmriitinii fir.
jganized are as follows:
To acquire by purchase, grant, con
cession, lease, location, or any other
lawful means, mines, mining claims,
mining rights, and minerals; water
rights, water ditches, canals, power
plants, and pipe lines; and to buy,
sell, exchange, lease, operate and deal
in the same, and to conduct all busi
ness appurtenant thereto: to carry on
the business of mining, milling:, con
tracting converting, smelting, re
ducing, treating, nreniirin;' for tii:irket
buying, selling, exchanging, and other
wise producing and dealing in, ores,
I metals, and minerals, and in the pro
ducts and by-products thereof, of every
j kind and description, and by whatso
jever process the same can be or may
nereauer lie produced, and generally
and without limit as to amount; to
lease. own, construct, operate and
maintain mines, mills, reduction
plants, and smelter.-, and any and all
kinds of'plants. apparatus, equipment,
and labilities incident to the success
ful transaction and conduit of the
business and operations herein before
mentioned.
To take, own, hold, di al in, sell,
Ichm-. mortgage and h polhcrate rear
and personal property of every kind,
i'hin or w ithout the State or Arizona,
wherever situated.
. In guarantee, purchase, hold, as
sign, transfer, mortgage, pledge, sll
or otherw ise dispose or. the shares ir
the capital slock of, or any bonds, so
ent ities or evidences of indebtedness
I of any coiporation, or corporations.
J state, country, county, or government.
including the stocks, bonds, and se
curities of this corporation.
To enter into, make ami perform
contracts of every kind with any per
son, lirui. association or corporation,
municipality, body politic, state, gov
ernment, or colony or dependency
hereof, and to Issue, execute iiwl
make promissory notes, drafts, bills of
i exchange, warrants, bonds, deben
tures. ;ind other negotiable or tram:
ferrahle instalments and evidence of
indebtedness of ecry kind and ije
. ript inn. and to accept, endorse ami
iMsciiiinl Hie same, so far as may be
! permitted by the laws of the Stale nl
Arizona.
To ic '..- .. 1. ';!-! :.!:' !'
issue the shares of Us. capital stock.
To manufacture, purchase, or ac
quire in any lawful manner, and to
hold, own mortgage, pledge, sell, trans
fer, or iu any manner dispose of, and
to deal and trade in goods, wares,
merchandise and property of every
class and description, and iu any part
of the world.
To do all of the things herein set
forth to the same extent as natural
persons might or could do. and in any
part of the world, either alone or in
company with others.
VI.
The names of the persons uniting to
form this corporation are: L. J. Over
lock. George Haninger, A. T. Soule.
Emil Marks. M. F. Ryan, and H. R.
Haninger, all residing in Cochise Coun
ty, Arizona, and whose post-office ad
dresses are Bisbee. Arizona.
VII.
The highest amount of indebtedness
or liability, direct or contingent, to
which this corporation is at any time
to subject itself is the sum of Sixty
fa ve Thousand Dollars ($6,000.00),
.which said amount does not exceed
two-thirds of the amount of the cap
ital stock.
VIII.
The prudential and business affairs
of this corporation shall be conducted
by a hoard of not less than three and
not more than seven directors, who
shall be elected by the stockholders
at their annual meeting, held on the
second Saturday in March of each
year, beginning with the year 1918.
Directors so elected shall hold office
for one year, and until their suc
cessors are elected and qualified. The
following named persons have been
selected and shall constitute the board
of directors until the first annual elec
tion, to-wit: George Haninger, H. R.
Haninger, L. J. Overlook, Emil Marks,
M. F. Ryan, J. M. McGregor, and A.
T. Soule, all of whose addresses are
Bisbee, Arizona.
The officers of this corporation shall
be a President, a Vice-President, a
Secretary, and a Treasurer. The
President, Vice-President, and Secre
tary shall be elected by the board of
directors from among themselves im
mediately after the election of such
directors each year. The Treasurer
shall be cfiosen by the board of direc
tors and shall be a stockholder of this
corporation, and he shall hold office
during the pleasure of the board of
directors. The offices of Secretary and
Treasurer may, however, be held by
one and the same person.
The dicers of this corporation, who
have been selected and who shall serve
until their successors are elected and
duly qualified, are: Emil Marks. Presi
dent. L. J. Overlook. Vice President,
A. T. Soule. Secretary, P. M. Buck
waiter, Treasurer.
IX.
The private property of the stock
holders and officers of this corpora
tion shall be exempt from all cor
porate debts and liabilities of any kind
whatever.
X.
Of the said capital stock there has
been actually subscribed Thirty Thou
sand DOUars ($30,000.00) by the fol
lowing named persons in the following
named amounts:
Emil Marks of Bisbee, Arizona,
2S.000 shares,
L. J. Overlock of Bisbee, Arizona,
1.000 shares.
George Haninger of Bisbee. Arizona,
1.000 shares,
A. T. Soule of Bisbee, Arizona, 1,0"0
shares.
If. U. Haninger of Bisbee, Arizona,
1.0O0 shares.
M. F. Ryan of Bisbee, Arizona. 1,000
shares,
J. M. McGregor of Bisbee, Arieonu,
1.000 shares,
P. M. Buckwalter of Bisbee, Arizona,
l.ttoo shares.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hands and seals th's
23rd day of March. A. D.. 1917.
EMIL MARKS
H. R. HANINGER
GEORGE HANINGER
A. T. SOCLE
L. J. OVERLOCK
M. F. RYAN.
State of Arizona. )
) ss.
County of Cochise. )
On this day. before me, Walter J.
Roche, a Notary Public in and for the
County Of Cochise, State of Arizona,
personally appeared L. J. Overlook,
George Haninger, A. T. , Soule. Emil
Marks. M. F. Ryan, and II. R. Hanin
ger. known to me to be the persons
whose names are subscribed to the
foregoing instrument, and each of said
persons stated and acknowledged that
he executed the same for the purposes
and consideration therein expressed.
Given under my hand and seal of
office this 2"rd day of March, A. I).,
1917.
WALTER J. ROCHE.
(Seal) Notary Public.
My commission expires March I,
1920.
Filed in the office of the Arizona
Corporation Commission this 21th day
or March A. D. 1917 at 10:00 A. M. at
request of FRED SI TTER. lsn
post office address is Bisbee. Arizona.
Arizona Corporation Commission,
By V. A. .lONES.
Chairman.
Filed and recorded at request of
Fred Sutter, State of Arizona, County
of Cochise.
I. Ray IS. Krebs. County Reorder
in and for the County and State afore
said, do hereby certify that the within
instrument was tiled lor record at I
P. M. this 2;th day or March. 1917.
ami duly recorded in Book No. 7 of
Incorporations records of tn-hiso
County. Arizona, at pages "02-" I -Witness
my hand and official seal the
day iind year tirst above writ ten.
ray !. ki:i:i;s.
' : Cxui'v '' ! r
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION. County, Arlaona, In Book 49. Records
! Department of the Interior, of Mines, at page ?.$2: and the aruer.d-
! IT. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Art- ed location notice of said claim is
jzona, March 19, 1917. recorded in said County Recorder's
' NOTICE is hereby given that Frank I office in Book '.3, Records of Mines,
S. Medaros. of Hereford. Ariz., who, 'at page "21.
ion August 31. 1910. made Homestead j Adjoining claims: North i El Paso
I Entry, No. 01200ti. for the NW'4 of, lode, unsurveyed, owned by I. Jacob
Section 33, Township 23 S.. Range 22 son and Chas. Rambo; East, Madero
I East, G. and S. R. Meridian, has filed
'notice of intention to make final five
!vear Proof, to establish claim to the
'land above described, before Jared D.
; Taylor, C S. Commissioner, at Bis-1
bee. Ariz., on the 14th day of May,
1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William A. White, Jacob C. Baker.
! Charles A. Stevens, Robert Arborn, all
of Hereford. Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN. Register
First publication March 22. 1917.
Last publication April 22. 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior,
V. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zone, March 19. 1917. IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
NOTICE is herebv given that Garrit ; Of Cochise County, State of Arizona.
VVitvoet. of Hereford. Ariz., who. on! the matter of the Estate of H. II.
February 2S. 1913. made II. II 021 152 i Pe'k,"- .
, o,,.,, .,- ., , ci I Notice is hereby given that Mrs.
for SU Si4. sect.on ;,. and S!arv l PerUins na8 flled in this
hE'.i. section 26. and on November i.;roft a rertain document purporting
1914. made Additional Hd. Entry. " , to be the last Will and Testament of
026017. for the SE'4 of. Section 25. h. H. Perkins together with his pett
Township 22 S., Range 21 East. G. tion praying that said document be
.J.
notice
e year
and S. R. Meridian, has tiled
of intention to make final three
Proof, to establish claim to the land!"- - Trkins who. said petitioner,
above described, before Jared 1). Tay-
lor IT S Commissioner at Bisbee
lor. u. s. commissioner, at uisDee,
Ariz.. On the l.-,lh day of May, 1917.
Ciaimant names as witnesses:
Jacob J. Karlan, William A. Lyth.
John L. Parker. Gilbert J. Perry, all. of
Hereford, Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication March 22, 1917.
Last publication April 22, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
1. S. Land Office at Phccnix. Ari
zona. March 19. 1917.
NOTICE Is hereby given that A.
Willard Eddy, of Hereford, Ariz., who.
ion February 20, 1913. made Homestead
Entry, No. 021363. for the NWU of.
Section 10, Township 23 S., Range 21
East, G. and S. R. Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make final three cartfn. owner of an undivided ore
year Proof, to establish claim to the ; nalf interest. Allen D. Fair, owner of
land above described, before Jared D. j nn undivided one-quarter Interest and
Taylor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bis- r..inh a. Ziesemer. owner of an un-
bee. Arizona, on the 15th day of May.
1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
George W. All wood, Clarence D.
Sueur, John E. Nelson, Millard
Osgood, all of
J. L. IRVIN.
Hegisler.
First publication March 22. 1917.
Last publication April 22, 1917.
-p
s
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix. Ari
zona. March 19. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Rich-
jard E. Todd, of Hereford, Ariz., who,
'on July 5, 1912. made Homestead
I year Proof, to establish claim to the
(land above described, before Jared D.
Taylor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bis -
:bee. Ariz., On the 16th day of Mav,
1 1917.
Claimant names at witnesses:
John H. Hughes, of Hereford, Ariz.;
i Jacob C. Baker, of Hereford, Ariz.:
1 William Ryan, of Hereford, Ariz.:
I Angus Gillis, of Bisbee. Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication March 22. 1917.
Last nnh'ication April 22. 917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
, Department of the Interior,
r-111., .no. U190K. ior me & or. 1 thfnrp jyj 7o nt;- y 1524.80 feet toil, the place Of beginning, containing
OTll. 3: thence X 29- 48' r U -H.re,
notice of intention to make final three 40 fpet to f,rner No 4: thnnPe S- . CAbH NTRY NO JJeginn.ng
V. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari i;,,m ,ot ' corner No. 1. tne place
zona, March 19, 1917. beginning, containing a net area of
NOTICE is hereby given that Charles lS-2fi7 acres, expressly excluding arra
A. SI evens, of Hereford. Ariz., who. o:il'' conflict with Survey No. 2256 Osce-
June 11. 9lii. made Homestead Entrv.!"hi lode, of 0.118 acres, and with .Sur -
No. nin'stifi. for the SW'4 or. Section v,.v No. 21x0 O OM Paul lode, of 1.272
'28. Township 23 S.. Range 22 East, ;. acres, and with Green Loaf No 3, of
ininl S. U. Meridian, has filed notii , 0 firs acres.
jor intention to make final live year! "MARCONI" Beginning at Corm r
Proof, to establish claim to the Ian 1 ' '' N- K- eorner. whom e the
.above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor, V. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee.
Ariz., on the 1 1th day of May, 1917.
Claimant names at witnesses:
I Robert Arborn. Edward Wilcox.
jCharles A. Martin, Frank S. Medaros,
all of Hereford. Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First publication March 22, 1917.
Last publication April 22, 1917.
No. 033583
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3195.
March 17. 1917.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN tha
j Robert Henne.sey, whose postoUice ad j-n t, ;;!-S, R. 2R-K, C S. K. B. M
(dross is Bisbee, Arizona, on behalf oIlloars c; 41 ty yt ms.s feet; thonei
inmscii ana co-ow ners, I. jueonsnn si"!
Emil Marks, whose post-office ad
dresses are (lie same place, has mad
application for a patent fOr the follow
illlr litile III if 1 ill el:iiiti situated in til
' Warren Mining District, Cochis
i County. SUte of Arizona. In Section
!7 and IS, unsurveyed. T. 23 S., K. 2
;i;.. G. & S. R. B. M
winch clam.
is described as follows:
UMPIRE No. 1 Begiuning at Cm
No. 1. the S. W. Cor.; whence the V,
;('or. between Sees. 19 and 3'. T. 23 S.
lt. 21 E.. G. & S. i:. P.. A M.. br
S. 3 02' E. t.9 ft.; Iheuce N
36" 57' W. 1II0.K0 ft. to Cor. No. 2
the N. W. Cor.: theme N. 59" 36 '
E. 597.SO ft to Cor. .No. 3. toe N. E
Cor.; . thence S. 37 02' K. 'IIII H
ft. to Cor. No. 4. the S. E. Cor.:
hence S. 59 36' W. 600 00 ft. I
I Cor. No. 1. the place of beginning
j Total ami net ai .-a of m'ul claim !
j I9.6MI acres.
j The original location nollco of sail!
I Umpire No. 1 claim is recorded in tin
'CO'lli'v I'M.'- '.'v;!lk
No. 1 lode, unsurveyed, owned by K.
Hennesey, C.
Rambo, Wed:
II. HOwe and Chas.
e lode, unsurveyed.
; owned by I).
Panama lode.
W. Art: South,
unsurveyed, owned
j by Lee Jovanovich and H. W".
jClarkson, New York lode, unsurveyed.
owned by Chas. Rambo and W. A.
Dell; West, Umpire lode, unsurveyed.
owned by I. Jacobson. Chas. Rambo .
'and E. Johnson. Bull Moose lode, un-
i surveyed, owned by Chas. Rambo and
rse Jovanovich.
J. L. IRtlN.
Register.
First publication March 20, 1917.
Last publication May 30. 1917.
HUM 1 IMS fcTIfc ,.
I admitted to probate in this Cvrt as
i the last Will and Testament of said
. !,s a'.y ""t, ' I nrf
; tstainent;ry issue therein to said pet-
, itj nf,r anu tllat w,n be heard
! n satnrtiay. the 14th day of April.
j A p 1917, at 10:00 o'clock in the
, forenoon of said day, at the court room
i of said Court Hoiise. in the Citv of
i Tombstone, Countv of Cochise. State
jof Arizona, and all persons interested
j in said estate are notified then and
I there to appear and show rause. if
ianv they have, why the prayer of sp.id
petitioner should not be eranted.
J. E. JVMES. ClerV.
Bt C. U ALLEV. Deputy Clerk.
NOTICE
OF APPLICATION FOR
U. S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 32f8.
Serial No. 011316.
Feb. 10. !:VI7
In the T'nited States Lmic! Office.
Phoenix. Arizona.
Notice is herebv civen that Baptist
'divided one-auprter Interest.
postofuee addresses are r.isnee. An-
zona, have made application tor patent
1 for the following named lod- nsinirs
- claims, situated in the Warren Min-
iing District. Cochise County. Arizona,
iin Section 19 and 30. Townsh'n 23S.
Range 25-E. and unsurveyed. Section:
i4 and 25. Tnwn-hin 2" S. Ranee 21
G. & S. R. B. M.. de-cribed a fol
lows, to-wit:
"BELLE MONTE" Brining at ror-
ner No. 1. the N. E. Corner, w hence
the W. li Corner of Section 19. T. 23-.
R. 25-E. G. - S. R. B. & M. bears J.
j nj 4S' E. 1968 9 feet: thence S. 2
' .0, mm feet to corner No. 2:
54 19' E. 3500 feet to .corner No. I
the place of beeinnine, containing a-
! net area of 6.763 acres, epressly ex-
iclndln? area in conflict with Survcv
ixo. 2390. High Flyer lode, of 3.6f 9
acres.
i "GREEN LEAF XO. 2" Beginning -
I at corner No. 1. the N. E. Corner.
! whence the W. V Corner of Section
j 19. T. 23-S, R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M .
'bears N 30 38' E279.4 feet; thence
! South, 603.40 feet to corner No. 2:
, thence X. 83 46' W. 1500 feet to cor-
iner No. 3: thence North. 603.40 fevt
:to corner No. 4: thence S. 83 46' E.
(W Corner of Section 19. T. 23-S.
R. 25-E. G. S. R. B. & M. bears X.
f. 35' E. 855.7 feet: thence South.
355.SrO feet to corner No. 2: thence N.
72 47' W. 359.80 feet to corner No. 3:
thence N. 65 59' W. 771.50 feet to
'corner No. 4: thence North. 250 fee
to corner No. 5; thence S. 83 46' E
1051.70 feet to corner No. 1, the place
of beginning, containing a net area
of 7.701 acres, expressly excluding
larea in conflict with Green Leaf No.
3. Of 2.02 acrcf. and Bar Bullion, of I
1 0 "53 acres. i
j "GREEN LEAF NO 3" Beginning)
at corner No. 1. the S. E. Comer. ;
whence the N. W. Corner of Section
Xo; r,p ;n' W. 1279 ( feet to corner
x. ;: thence N. 29 IX' E. 600 feet
U rruer No. 3: thence S. 51 20' E.
j 1279.00 feet lo corner No. 4: thence
S. 29 IS' W. fiOO feet to corner No.
1. the place tf beginning, containing
a net area of 12.158 acres, expressly '
excluding area in conflict with Sur-1
iv,.v N), Mrning Star lode, of .
acres, wuu j.ar itiiiunn, 01
acres, and with Mineral Farm No. l.iof this survey
!of , ,;.(, j,rr,,
' "MINERAL FARM
NO. 1" Begin 1
ilng at corner No. 1. the N. E. Corner.
whence the N. W. Corner or Section
30. T. 2! S. 1!. 25 G S. K. B & M
Iboars S 16 16' E. 762 2 f t; thence I On the Ea.- I: Unsurvevcd claims,
S. 26 26' W. 719 00 root to corner i claims ami claimants unknow n. Lit
I No. 2: thence N. 30 06' W. 1IS2 6(' lie Dandy aud Garibaldi lOdcs, uu -ur-feet
Ni corner No. 3: thence N. 26"iveycd.
!-'' I': ' coru. r No. 1:! Un (he South: Victor, unsiirv. vr.1
theme s ::ir m;' 1;
corner o I. Ilu pin
eiilriiiing a not area
rreslr -- itl ! 11 a
I IS J 611 feel to
e l'i:iiiiiiii.-,
of 15 7SI acres,
rea In conflict
with It.ir Bullion, of 1 I acrej;.
''-i'iAS Mir M. I bri-lUIiUls-
at corner No. 1, the N. W. Comer,
whence the W. K corner of Section
19, T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. A M.
bears No. 30 38' E. J79.I feet; thence
S. S3 4S' E. G03.40 feet to corner
No. 2; thence South, 1451.00 feet to
corner No. 3; thence N. 83 46' W.
603.40 feet to corner "No. 4; thence
North 1454.00 feet to corner No. 1, the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 20.022 acres.
"BAR BULLION". Beginning at cor
ner No. 1. the S. E. corner, whence
the S. W. Corner M Section 19, T.
23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. & V.
bears N. 70 26' E. 584.3 feet; thence
N. r.9 01' W. 600 feet to corner No.
2; thence N. 24 20' E. 1500 feet to
corner No. 3; thence S. 59 01' E.
600 feet to corner No. 4; thence S
24 20' W. 1500 feet to corner No 1
the place of beginning, contaliing a
net area of 19.472 acres, expressly ex
cluding area in conflict with Green
Le.'f No. 1, Of 0.970 acres: and with
Survey No. 3171, William Tenn lode.
of 0 .080 acres.
"TRILBY". Beginning at corner No.
1, the S. E. Corner, whence the N. V.
Corner of Section 30, T. 23-S. R. 25-E.,
G. & S. R. B. & M. bears N. 4 6' E.
505.7 feet: thence X. 59 01' W. 600
feet to corner No. 2; thence X. 24 20'
E. 1500 feet to corner No. 3; thence
S. 59 01' E. 600 feet to corner N.
4; thence S. 24 20' W. 1300 feet to
corner No. 1, the place of beginning.
containing a net area of 19.463 acres,
i exl""essly excl'jUinS re ln
wilh Green Leaf No j 0, x 059
"MINERAL FARM XO. 2" Begln-
ning at corner No. 1, the N. W. Cor
ner, whence the N. W. corner of Sec
tion 30, T. 23-S. R. 25-E., G. & S. R P.
& M. bears N. 87 58' E. 827.8 feet;
thence S. 59 01' E. 1500 feet t) cor
ner No. 2; thence S. 25 32' 30" W.
296.00 feet to corner No. 3; thence N.
C8 31' W. 1498.50 feet to corner No.
i; thence X. 25 32- 30" E. 448.70
feet to corner No. 5; thence N. 26
26' E. 97.70 feet to corner No. 1, the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 11.419 acres.
"MIDWAY NO. I". Beginning at cor
ner NO. 1, the N. W. corner, whence
the W. V corner of Section IS, T.
23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears
S. 29 26' W. 670.9 feet; thence S.
59' 01' E. 654.50 feet to corner No.
2; thence S. 5 44 W. 1500 feet to
j corner No. 3; thence N. 59 1' W
(654.50 leet to corner No. 4; thence X
who-ejN. lf the 'place of beginning.
5" 44" E., l&oo feet to corner
con
taiiiing a net area of 14.974 acres
expressly excluding area In conflict
with Survey Xo. 2455, Burro Shoe
lode of 1.403 acres, and with Green
i ir j,. i 0f 4 yo5 acres,
'
j "MIDWAY XO. 2." Beginning at
corner No. 1. the X. W. corner, whence
the W. 'i Corner of Sc tion 19, T,
23-S. R. 25-E., G. & S. R. B. & M.
Bears S. 74 29' V. 92.1.6 feet: them-e
jS. 59 01' E. 662.00 feet to corner No.
thence S. 5 41' W. 15"0 feet to
corner No. 3; thence N. 59 01' W.
662.00 feet to 'corner No. 4; thence
N. 5 44' E. 1500 feet to corner No.
g
at corner Xo. 1, the X. W. Corner,
whence the W. M Corner of Section
19, T. 23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. & M.
bears X. 86 20' W. 1461.4 feet;
thence S. 59 01' E. 662.00 feet to
corner Xo. 2; thence S. 5 44' W. 1500
! teet to corner Xo. 3; thence X. 59
01' W. 662.00 feet to corner Xo. 4;
thence X. 5 44' E. 1500 feet to corner
No. 1, the place of beginning, contain
ing a net area of 20.618 acres.
"CASH ENTRY XO. 1." Beginning
at corner No. 1, the S. W". Corner,
whence the S. W. Corner of Section
19, T. 23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. &
M., bears S. 26 Hi' W. 1W42.3 feet;
thcu.ee North 6S5.10 feet to corner
No. 2; theme S. 59 01' E. 1500 feet
to corner No. 3; thence SOuth, 685.10
1 fii t to corner No. 4; thence N. 59
j 01' W. 1500 feet lo corner No. 1, the
place of beginning, containing a Uct
area of 2'.226 acres,
The location notices of these claims
j are recorded In the office of the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows: .
Bar Bullion, Recorded la Book 52,
Record of Mines, page 131.
Belle Monte. Recorded in BoOk 52.
1 Record of Mines, page 137
Cash Entry No. 1, Recorded n Book
i 52, Record or Mines, page 139.
j Cash Entry No. 2., Recorded in BoOk
51, Record of Mines, page 2S6.
Green Leaf No. I, Recorded In Book
52, Record of Mines', page 132.
Green Leaf No. 2, Recorded in Book
52, Record of Mines, page 133. "
Green Leaf Xo. 3, Recorded.in BOok
52. Record of Minos, page 134.
Trilby, Recorded in Book 52. Rec-
ord of Mines, page 130.
Mineral Farm Xo. 1, Recorded in
Book 52. Record of Mines, page 128.
Mineral Farm Xo. 2. Recorded in
Book 62, RecOrd uf Mines, page 129
Midway No. 1, Recorded in Book
52, Record of Mines, page 135.
Midway No. 2. Recorded in Book
52, Record of Mines, page 136.
Marconi. Reconlcil in 1
ord Of Miues, page 138.
1 no names or 1110 adjoining Claims
are: On the North:
.Survey No. 3IS0. O OM Paul lode.
Survey No. 2256. Osc-ola lode. Snrvev
,No. 2 15. Jack Robinson lode and Burro
I SW Imje. unsurveyed claims, claims
1 and claimants unknown
i-omov No. 3171. William l'cun lode.
Surey ,0. ic's, Grovcr lode. Survey
No. 3173. Morning Star I0U0. ssurtey
No 22X0 Omcija lode.
On the V4 v.jr, r . "in i e: -,
Flyer lode and Pet House lode.
J. L. TRVIN.
Register.
First publication Feb. 13, 1917.
Last publication April 26, 1917.
IX THE UNITED STATES LAND
OFFICE.
Phoenix, Arizona, Feb. 10. 1917.
Notice of Application for Patent Sur
vey No. 1898, Serial No. 031241.
Notice Is hereby given that Copper
Queen Consolidated Mining Company,
a corporation organized under the
laws of the State of New York, and
lawfully engaged In the transaction
of its corporate business In the State
of Arizona, by G. H. Dowell, its Gen
eral Manager and Attorney in Fact,
whose post office address ia Douglas,
Cochise County. Arizona, has made
application for patent for the "Hava
na" lode, situate in Warren Mining
District. Cochise County, State of Ari
zona, and is more fully described as
to metes and bounds by the official
plat herewith posted, and by the field
notes of survey thereof, filed in the
effice of the Register of the United
Slates Land Office, at Phoenix, Arizo-,
ca. which field notes of survey de
scribe the boundaries and extent of
said claim on the surface, with mag
netic variation of 12 30' East as fol
lows: "Havana" Lode
Beginning, at Cor. No. 1. whence U.
S. M. M. Xo. 1. Warren Mining Dis
trict bears S. 89 11' E. 2373.S feet;
thence N. 78 12' W. 254.4 feet to
Cor. No. 2: thence S. 10' 33' W.
252.4 feet to Cor. Xo. 3; thene S. 73
'2' E. 261.1 feet to Cor. Xo. 4; thence
X. O' 56' W. 215.4 feet to Cor. No. S:
thence X. 84 34' E. 43.8 feet to Cor.
No. 1. the place of beginning, exclud
ing, however, from said described
area the area of .057 acres in con
flict with "W ater" lode. Survey
1387.
The net area of said "Havana" lode,
for which patent is applied, exclusive
of area in conflict with "Webster
lode. Survey 13S7 is 1.313 acres.
The adjoining and conflicting claims
are the "Molvlna" lode. Survey Xo.
959; "Copper King" lode. Surrey No.
375: "Webster" lode. Survey Xo.
1387: and "Al Hassen" lode, Surrey
No. 13S7.
Any and all persons claiming ad
versely the mining ground, vein, lode,
premises, or . any portion thereof,
so described, surveyed, platted and
applied for. are hereby .notified that
unless their adverse claims are duly
filed, according to law and the regu
lations thereunder, within the time
prescribed by law, with the Register
of the United States Land Office, at
Phoenix. Maricopa County. Arizona,
they will be barred by virtue of the
provisions of said statute.
J. U IRVIN.
Register of the United States
Land Office. Thoenix. Arizona..
First Publication Feb. 13. 1917.
Last Publication April 24. 1917.
IN THE UNITED STATES LAND
OFFICE
Phoenix. Arizona. Feb. 10. 1917
Notice of Application for Patent, Sur
vey No. 1920, Serial No. 031242.
Notice is hereby given that the Cop
per Queen Consolidated Mining Com
pany, a corporation organized under
the laws of the State of New York,
and lawfully engaged in the transact
ion of its corporate business in the
State of Arizona, by G. II. Dowell. its
General Manager, end Attorney in
Fact, whose post office address Is
Douglas. Cochise County, Arizona. ,
has made application for patent for
the "Midget" lode, situate iu Warren
Mining District, Cochise County,
State of Arizona, aud is more fully
described as to metes and bounds by
the official plat herewith posted, and
by. the field notes of survey thereof.
Gl-vl In the office of the Register of
the United Slates I.and Office, at
Phoenix. Arizona, which fild notes
of survey describe the boundaries aud
extent of said claim on the surface,
with magnetic variation ot 12 30'
East as follows: "
"Midget" Lode
Beginning at Cor. Xo. 1. whence II.
S. M. M. No. 4. Warren' Mining Dis
trict bears S. 7S 06' E. 4462.8 feet;
thence X. 34 36' W. 74.5 feet to Cor.
Xo. 2; thence S. 80 51' W. 387.1 feet
to Cor. Xo. 3: thence S. 34 36 E.
88.53 feet to Cor. No 4: thence N.
7S 57' E. 3S1.23 feet the place of be
ginning, excluding, however, from
said described area 0.024 acs in
conflict with "Macomb" lode. Survey
No. 1S96: also 0.401 acres, in conflict
with "Golden Gate" lode. Survey Nix
S43.
The net area of said "Midget" lod,
for which patent is applied, exclusive
of said areas in conflict is 0.226 acres.
The adjoining and conflicting claims
are the "Hendricks." Survey Xo. 29;
"Copper Glohe." Survey No. 1346;
"Goldcu Gate." Survey No. 813;
"Macomb." Survey Xo. 1S96; "Back
Bone." Survey Xo. 13S7; aud "Twi
light." Survey Xo. 13S7.
Any and all persons claiming ad
versely the minini; ground, vein. lode.
premises, or any portion thereof, so
described, surveyed, plaited and ap
plied for. are hereby notified that un
less their adverse claims are duly
tiled, according to law and the regula
tions thereunder, within the time pre
scribed by law. with the Register ot
he United States Land Office, at
I'hocnix. Maricopa County. Arizona. '
they will be barred by virtue of the
protisious of ssid btatutc.
J. I.. IRVIN,
Register of the Uui'cd Sla'o
l-ind Ouico. phoenix. Arizona.
First Publication Feb. 13. 1917.
. ij. .....m r,t; 1 t?l7 THE BL5BEE DAILY RfVIEW TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 3, 1917.
S5T
iReweu; Want AcZs
ACvertibements under tut Uead at the rate of 1 cent per ward (or each
-eaue wtta a minimum charg of 25 cents. Advertisements mnst reach The
..aevlew office not later than 4 p. m. for Insertion in the nett morning paper
Wanted
WANTED Bell boy Copper Queen
' Hotel. 312
WANTED A batching room for one.
Box 535 Bisbee. 346
WANTED Neat bouse maid at The
Fenninston, Douglas, Ariz. 304
. WANTED Lady to assist at store.
Apply Home Industry Furniture Co.
WANTED Three lady solicitors, two
to ten dollars a day. Inquire Guar
antee Taint Co., after five evenings.
229
WANTED Girl for gem-rat house
work. Apply Mrs. E. Marks, 27
Tank Hill. S3C
WANTED Girl to do Reneral house
work. Mrs! J. S. Dymock, Warren
Phone 493. 351
WANTED Married woman without
children to work for her own and
husband's board at Brown's Board
ing house. South Bisbee 347
WANTED A truck gardner, a mar
ried man, to work on shares. Every
thing furnished. Apply Copper
Queen Hospital, Room 10. 393
WANTED A middle ajed woman to
do general liousekeeping for man
and wife, pay good wages to the
right party and good home. G.
MoCarty, P. O. Box 21. Naco, Ariz.
310
For Rent
FOR RENT 2 unfurnished rooms 234
.School Hill. 290
FOR RENT Six room house, furnit
ure for sale. 27 Johnson Ave.,
Johnson Addition. 266
FOR RENT Two barber chairs out
fit," best location, O. K. Street,
ground floor. Philadelphia Hotel.
397
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT One furnished house
keeping room, 85 Main Street, Cot
tage home. 233
FOR RENT' Two housekeeping
nioms 89 Upper Iowell, Nora Cun
ningham. 296
FOR RENT 3 room furnished house
No. 3 Curve St., opposite Convent.
329
FOR RENT 3 room furnished house
inquire 207 High Road, School HiH.
P. J. MrCullough. J28
FOR RENT 2 rooms well furnished
for light house keeping. Phone 645.
8) Moon Canyon. 325
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms, nice location, 117
School Hill, red cottage block north
' High School. 387
LOST
LOST March 31 Eagle watch fob in
Lyric or on street. J. H-, on the
back. Return to J. Hayes. 35 School
Hill and receive reward.
LOST Between 12 and I Mnd a y.
heavy gold bar pin between Phelps
lKdse store aud Miss Riley's school
Return to Miss Riley and " receive
reward. Z'6
Bargain
Sale ,
The Home Industry Furniture
Store, Home Industry Lodging
House and Barber Shop, will all be
sold for Cash at a sacrifice. Gre.it
money maker. Owing to Owner's
ill health, obliged to leave t':e
Camp. Would accept a 'good auto
mohle if rcamnaVjlc. Inquire
HOME INDUSTRY FURNITUr.S
STORE. LOWELL.
Opposite Bank of Lowell.
PETEY DINK Yes, It Looks
CAVi'T I MAVg A; y4r
v I Wnulr Hay
VjVMHO'tL 6IV6 ME
For Sale.
FOR SALE Nice cigar case. Inquire
Tammany Hall. 253
FOR SALE 5 passenger Cole car. In
quire Cochise Motor Co. 741
FOR SALE Two lots , in Withams
Addition O. It. Black. Y. M. C. A
848
FOR SALE 500 shares Stene stock.
Address S. E.. care Review. 327
FOR SALE Typewriter. Address D.
B. G., care Review. 325
FOR SALIC 40 acres of irriaiod
land, gravity water See F. Brigss
& Co., Lowell. 33S
FOR SALE Potted plants. Phone
40S, Mrs. M. D. Hodges, South Bis
bee. 2S4
FOR SALE Five room Burnished
house extra cabin. 103A Upper
Lowell. 392
FOR PALE Highest cash prices paid
for second hand furniture, stoves
clothing and tools. . Uncle Jim's,
Brewery Gnlch. CI
FOR SALE 1915 Studebaker in good
condition cheap for cash if sold at
once. I .W. Motor Co., Naco Road.
396
FOR SALE In South Bisbee. 4 room
furnished house, garage, wood shd
Naco and mine water, house in
good condition, a bargain at $950.
Apply M. C. High, Allen block. 289
FOR SALE Ford 1916 model in good
condition, with $100 extra equip
ment. Can be seen in front of post
office all day Tuesday and Wednes
day. 390
FOR SALE 6 room house on car line
Some cash and payments or trade
for Denver property. Owner. P. O.
Box 3941. Lowell branch. 3S8
FOR SALE Unfurnished sixteen
room house and lot. clear title, c'ose
Central School on road. Three hun
dred cash or Jerome stock or Phoe-
, nix property first payment, balance
fifty a month. Few days only, now
renting fifty dollars month. ' 3S9
FURNITURE FOR SALE The John
son Addition Furniture Co. wants
to pay yon the highest cash prices
for your second hand furniture. Al
so wants to trade or exchange you
new furniture tor your old. We will
sell you furniture cheaper than
anybody on easy payments. Call
in at the big brick building at the
Johneon Addition and let us show
you our large and selected stock of
house furnishings, or phone us :t
our store. Phone 335, Johnson Ad
dition MisceIlaneou
First class table board and nice clean
bed rooms new management Su
perior House, Lowell. 256
Learn actual amo repairing, book
keeping, Biiorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A., Los Angeles. Cat
alogs free. 955
150,'MIO to loan on improved city. prop
erty or for building, on easy terms
of payment. T. A. Hughes, over
Bank of Bisbee. 6!l7
Good property will lease for year.
Good ore in sight. Good times. Ad
dress Miss Lea, 3fiS Willcox, Ariz.
77i:
""I
,
Cox Co. loans $5 to $50 without secur
ity to men or women in permanent
positions. No honest wage earner;
refused, easiest weekly or monthly !
payments, cheapest rates, also loans
on furniture, pianos, etc. Confiden
tial, quick service. See us if you
need money. Muheim Bldg., Phone
794, in with tailoring company. 795
Burns oxygen gas, 96 percent oxygen,
4 percent coal oil vapor. Demon
strations at Pythian Castle, O. K.
St.. with the Bisbee Furniture Co. I
J. J. O'Louiihlin. ."les agent, Bisbee .
and Dcuglas. Phone 341. 511 j
Like the Women Aren't in Peteys
bY
:-ut 1
UCK VlCiTA,'c f
V.ISH I rlAD A.
CrJAWCe To PlAV
zv
AGAtViST
w -i
l V'
S - V ' T . - I II V
f I VK.-H.. r I 111
X V -Ml ill
i J
(Women
Women who bear children and
remain healthy are those who pre
pare their systems in advance of
baby's coming.
The surest coarse is to aid na
ture by using "Mother's Friend."
By its use the muscles expand
easier. The tension is relieved.
The breasts are kept in good con
dition. Much comfort is had f
throughout the period. I
Thousands of mothers have
learned from experience the true
ALL HOLLAND NOW
IS ON ICE SKATES
Old and Young Travel Aboard
Wee Steel Runners From
Hague to Amsterdam and
Clear to Rotterdam.
THE HAGUE, Netherlands, March.
(Correspondence of The Associated
Press) Holland is at the moment one
big skating rink. From sovereign to
humblest peasant, fi'otn aged grand
mother and grandfather to the tiniest
toddlers, the nation is gliding serene-land
ly, merrily along on skates.
In striking contrast with the last I
j
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
U B. WHITNEY, Lawyer, Rooms C-6
Allen Block, Open evenings, Phone
647. (109)
CLAIRVOYANT!
Mrs". Anthony, spiritual medium, now
located at Room 3 Foster Block, t vs, threes and fours, sometimes with
Johnson Addition. Readings daily 'joined hands, sometimes in chain
circle Thursday 7:30 p. rc. 739 j fashion. On the big rink of the lee
rrz jClub nearby may be-occasionally seen
THE MOOSE HOTEL (Old Kmney tl)e QuM.n hersl,,f on ska,es amoni;
House) Furnished rooms $2 per. the throng, for skating is decidedly a
week and up, with gas; also light j democratic sport. Private brushes
178
.housekeeping rooms.
P. J. McCulltugh, contractor, rilone i
20. Box 934. -Excavating, retain-j
ing walls, concrete bouses, wells
and mining work Is my specialty.
221
Miscellaneous
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee!
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for all '
kinds ot work in our line. P.it Clea-.
ry, manager. Box 1495. Phone 720.
Have you an account in Wall Street?
Write for our intereslinir and in
structive trading booklet Just is-
sued. Free on request, nibble &
U..H Cw.u iK.ivr, -.ii r-wei.i t
Xe- Yolk.
Free book, "Money in Oil,"
bow you can make quick
shows I
profits !
steady ciivicienas. Miiau invesi- i
ment. Now producing oil and gas.
Neosho Co.. K. C. Life Bldg, Kan
sas City, Mo. 3t8
Buy -Amalgamated Oil one cent a
share: 100 percent dividends in 90
days possible: production now com-
ingn, ground floor stock one cent
a share, doubles price shortly. $1 I
par value. $10 buys 1000 shares.
Write for full details. Anialgamnt-j
ed Oil Co.. 1270 Colronl Bldg., Ok
Iahoma City, Okla. 307 !
MERGED
The Warren Sulphur Company have
merged with the Globe Sulphur
Company, aud arc issuing one share
of Warren, with each lot purchased
in the Globe. The Warren have 0'i
foet of sulphur already develope d
read-' for the plunt: S"o F. I!rig.us
& Co., Lowell. Ariz. - Box SIMI7.
Phoue 7I1 3'9
BEAUTIFUL SEASHORE
HOME-
SITES ONLY $20
Special sale lots at Alamo Beach,
Texas, famous Bayshore resort.
First UK) lots $20. Terms $1 cash.
$1 monthly. Lots 50x140 feet. Splen
did investment. Write for free l't-lf
erature and views. Alamo Beach
Company, 441 First National Bank
Houston. Texas. 30J
Agents
AGENTS I've a new soap game that
is a dandy. New Muff, ion percent
profits. Sample ;md full layout free
Write quick. Lacassian Co., Doj.
52. St. Louis. Mo 3"6
Class
?OUv.Y AVjcTHES:
t-'VJtVR. T C'Mr
ALCU& r
SOME Sot
.
value of "Mother's Friend" dura?
the period proceeding childbirth.
They advise iU use by all mothers.
Send to the nearest drutr. etore
now and get a bottle of "Mother's
Friend." Apply it externally,
yourself, sight and morning.
A great deal of useful and timelv
information for mothers is con
tained m a book which will be sent
you immediately. Address Bradfield
Regulator Company, Dept. G, 3U4
Atlanta, Ga. The book is free.
Mothers
(
Q
three or four mild winters, a iiiott in
tense and continuous told spell has
set in, and despite brilliant sunshine
from a clear sky every laKe and c anal
ill the land of canals is now frozen
as hard as the tobbied streets. Even
the big North Sea Canal leading li'um
the sea to the port of Amsterdam is
only being kept opeu by icebreakers.
Many of the islands are islands no
luneer. anil travelers nasim' tn stuil
o -
frn lncfmul tf twuiliint tlinii l...k,i,i-
I boat passages, buckle on their skates,
j The mail is even being conveyed to
cue laiuuus lsianu ji .tiarxen. on me
Zuyder Zee, by the same means. One
can go from the Hague to Amster
dam, to Rotterdam, to practically any
part of the country on skates, The
countryside, ordinarily so deserted
quiet, on the sabbath in particular
'is dotted everywhere with fleeting Hol-
landers of all ages; and in the towns
themselves he who will need Vo no
farther than the canal just outside his
aoor 10 inuuige in me pasiime.
The lakes outside the royal house
in the wood at the Hague resembles
nothing so much as a lair, with their
stalls and seats and barrows and end-
! less kaleidoscopic crowd whirling up
alui down
and in and out, in ones.
(shoulder with officer; indeed, a Fri-
sian soldier was horrified a dav or two
A CHILD HATES OIL,
CALOMEL, PILLS FOR
LIVER ANO BOWELS
Give
California Syrup of
Figs" if cress, sick, feverish,
constipated.
Look back at your childhood days.
Hemember the "dose" mother insisted
,on - astop oiI' a'on.cl. cathartics.
' How you hated them, h'jw you foughl
CEP.in-t taking them.
With our children it's different.
Mothers who cling to the old form ni
Physic simply don't realize what they
ao. i ne ciumreii s revolt is weii-iuuiiu-
injured by them.
If your child's stomach, liver and
bowels need cleansing, give only deli
cious "California Syrup f Figs." Its
action is positive, but gentle. Millions
f mothers keep this harmless "fruit
laxative" handy; they know children
,ove to lake iv- ,hat il never faiIs t0
ciean me liver ana Doweis anu sweeten
the stomach, and that a teaspoonfu'
given today saves a sick child tonior
rtiw. Ask your druggist for a 50-cent bot
tle of "California Syrup of Figs,"
which has full directions for babies,
children of all ages and for grown-ups
plainly on each bottle. Beware of
counterfeits sold here. See tfcat it i:;
made by "California Fig Synip Cot 1
pany." Refuse auy tHher kind wiln
contempt. (Advertisement)
catarrh:
OF T1.E
BLADDER
EalisTreJ la
24 Hours;
Each Caiv y v &
aula beam the (M1DY
name r J
Bemrtofcountrrfiiu
CHICHESTER S VlliS
yyij-f tarilMl k your Urr,crlM Im A
Vliidin If.- :..! tii W riil.yW
.'tiJ ri-.r.i. ,cai.j riw ii: c k-u-mi.
n, ,rr:r.. .... .t. l.i-, l g t. K
" lIAll;M :r..fi 1 I i.i..-. i. , uj.
J yt V .Mi-vn a i ot. Sue.- -j..aKcluM
S0LnpY0R!:nr.iSTSFVFcv;KFRr
J
VCai-
.T. ;
w. . - :
i
?
.
v
ago tj recognize a general "In the
skater he had accidentally overturned.
Dow n in the children's corner at the
Ice Club rink is tN lit'.e seven year
cihl i'r:i(t'.-i Juliana. Mounted on
Frisian skates, she glides and shutiles
and slips among the other small
"krabbelaars" ("scratchers" or "scrap
ers") as the beginners are dubbed,
('.lowing with health and laughing
heartily at her own and her compa
nions' comical efforts, the little heir
ess goes up and down the run. Queen
Wllhelmina occasionally coming to
watch her progress. A day or two ago
the Koyal family went up to see and
join in the skating in iie northern
province of Friesland, so famed for
the sport, the little princess helping
to present the prizes awarded at
Lecuwarden and being the recipient
of a bouquet when she went to join
the Frisian c hildren -n the ice.
It is in liie iTieslana that the la
nious eleven towns' lour aua race uao
ji;.-t taken pmce one ot inuumtiauie
rac es and Ugure-sKaiing ana omer com
petitions ot an kuius mat. are laning
piaee in every part ol the country.
I'lie tour dates bacit to antiquity,
'that tile Frisians used to taKe l-'.i-skating
trips in the dim past when
ox-nhs served us sKates, seems a lit
tle improbable .but llie eleven towns'
tour is certainly very, very old, and
nas bet'Jine a f risian institution tuat
is the subject ol innumerable lamily
traditions, one countryman proudly
related tnat he had Uone the tour lour
times twice as a young tellow with
a couple ot triends, then as a young
married man wun his wile, who was
likewise neet on skates, and next in
the company of a grandson. This time
loity-Mx actually te'on part in tne com-
4 petition, whirti started troui Lecuwar
den before five o'clock in the morning.
and lu8 otners participated in tne tour, j
including si women. The winner
proved to be a sturdy fellow named C.
('. J. de Koning, hailing Irom a small
place called Leur, near Breda. The
same man won the last such race in
t&e wint-r of 1912, but in more lav'jr
able conditions he now beat his own
record by nearly two hours, covering
the whole 125 miles in eight hours
tilty-three minutes two-fifths seconds,
and arriving back at the starting point
fresh and tit. His closest rival, Swier-
stra of OUingawier. was nearly half
an hour behind him. Yet another j
well knVwn tour is the fifteen villages' I
i trip of the Alkmaar region, wherein
I ker, who won the Queen's medal on !
points in races ol varying distances.
I lie covered 5,000 meters in ten minutes
forty-four seconds, and lO.Ot'O meters
iu twenty-two minutes, nine one-tifth
i seconds.
I The mobilized troops of Holland
j have been carrying out various exer
cises and competitions on skates, for
j the army authorities consider it in the
country'. interest that the men shall
be thoroughly at home on the ice.
(The problem 'of Holland's defense
normally based, as it is, on the method
I of Hooding a certain protective zone
j known as the new water line would
I he entirely transiormed should inva
j sion occur during such a frost speii
I as the present. The Netherlands have
to his day not forg'Jtten their fore
I fathers' dismay when their water
1 g.ites were in the year 1795 thrown
jopen to the invading French army by :
I just another frost, which enabled the
enemy to easily cross the rivers and
! other water barriers on whic h Holland
' had been counting. Hence t;ie pres-
ent exercises being carried out on the
ice, here and there under the eye of;
'the Queen herself (also on skates),
and for w hic h her Majesty has offered
medals and prizes. In one competi-
tion. for instance four parties cjf fifty ,
I men of the Grenediers and Chasseurs
i brigade started off at lixed intervals.
from a poiut iust outside the Hague. ,
;Thcy had first to f-kate about fifteen
j miles, then proc eed on foot lor four i
I miles, and give evidence m arrival
'at their destination of complete nmrch- i
ing and fighting titness. In another
case riyht patrol parties of lt min -
ca. li led by aa oQicer. bad to cover
.a distance of twenty-seven miles in-
eluding about a mile and a halt on
, foot. The winning patrol did the lat-
Iter trip in three hours six minute.;. :
'The Queen has further provided
medals for public competition in ?tij
separate province. f
SIOO Reward, Slv!
The rrauirs of l!us paptr Will b
TlcaPd to v-arn that '.here Is at fcajt oil
dmultfd illsea? Inai yrience nas rwfi-i
a'jie to cure in o!i it stae!". and tha: :
Calarrii. Hall' Catarrh Cure is tile onl ;
pcsitive enrp new kno'.vn to ?lie nitdit:.:l i
frat-rnity. Catarrh beint: a eontltulonii!
i4.9 a initr..a a fnii 4t i t tttii tnal treat- l
nient. 'Hall's Catarrh Curo is taken ii. ( and is made from the acid tf grapes
ot.XZ- land lemon juice, combined rith llthia
bv dertrovinc th? fonndatie.i or tiip land is used with excellent results by
bn&inp' j thusand5 of folks who are subject to
nature in cloine; ic. work. The proprietor t i rheumatism. Here you have a pleas
liave so mneh faith in its curative pn- 1 r.c lithiu v-ntee drin
er. that n-.ev offer One H-indrcd Doiiai ant. effervescent lithw-water arinK
for any cuse that tt talis to cure. Sen ' .
lor iw ot mumi'main. . . :
Addrru: F I. niKNET a CO, Toieao. c .
fold bv all IniKRla. .fc. .
Tak Hall'a Fmll Pllla for ennstlpatlor
fe' ;
A. X
CI
-;' ovvJui. ' in Forty -cve mat,-, a. ) -
"lM.r a "TD "SI llr WA.h T I -v- -,....,.., J l
V.'u'ir. wad IvirT tAs Tt.jg Foot putt l Jfjj
..Lodge
WELK ENDING APRIL 7
Monday 3rd Degree
Tuesday
Wed. Blue Regular
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
X. C. BLEDSOE. W. M.
B. T. WATKINS. Secy. F. & A. M,
. M. COLWELL, E. H. P.
V F. PHILBROOK. T. I. M.
I K. FRY. E. C.
F S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chapter
and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council.
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
. Meets in Medigovich Hall 2nd and
Ith Tridays of each month.
HATTIE A. LUKE. Guardian.
PAULINE F. BROWN. Clerk
P. O. Box 621.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
rr? t at 7:30, Brophy Hall.
J- u WINTERS. C. C.
'U. O. B. THOMAS. Clerk
AH Woodmen invited.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially Invited.
EARL SOBLEY. C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM, K. Of B, S.
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Odd Fel
lows' Hall. Vilt
ing members cordially invited.
tii 1 1 1 n i etf? ti .
HAS PNEUMONIA.
Alec S. Saplestrom was taken to
the Copper ljueen hospital on Sun
day sintering from pneumonia. He
had been ill several days at his room
in the Sunset rooming house.
KEEPS URIC ACID
OUTOF JOINTS
Tells Rheumatism Sufferers to
tat Less Meat and
Take Salts.
Rheumatism is easier to avoid than
to cure sai(, a welJ,known authority.
w dvIsed , d warmly:
, ,j .
keeP the feet dry: avold P:
le"8 ,utat- but drink Plenty w Kd
water.
Rheumatism is a direct result of
eating too much meat and other rich
foods that produce uric acid which is
aDsorbed into the blood. It is the
Iunction of tne ki,nevs to nlter tnis
.. ,. ,. .. . ' . ., . ,
,rora tn blood nd, cfl U Ut
the urine; the pores of the skin are
al a means il freeing the blood of
this impurity. In damp and chilly
cold weather the skin pores arc closed
thus forcing the kidneys to do double
work, they become weak and sluggish
ajd ,aji "t0 eliminate the uric acid
which kwrs accumulating and circu-
, fc h ,h t eventually
... , ..... ... .,
u,nS in lhe Joints and must,cs ca,Ud;
mg stitfness. soreness and pain called
rheumatism.
At the first twinge of rheuruatisiu
pot from auy pharmacy about four
'ounces of Jad Salts; put a tablespoon-
ful in a glass of water and drink be
fore breakfast each morning for a
i week. This is said to eliminate uric
acid by stimulating the kidneys to nor
'. mal action, thus ridding the blood of
I these impurities.
JoclO'alts is inexpensive, harmless
which helps overcome uric acid and is
v. r...ii .. l.l,l,- ,u
M I
1
U'.iiruuui in juui o
vertisemrnt
'ertisemcuc.
,J:,
' r '
mL zT..i.'.;-- J.!?
Notices...
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
Meets every Friday night. Moose HaQ.
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
J. V. PETTEY. Dictator.
KAY ROSS. Secretary.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
a Meets first and third
in Medigovich HalL All
visiting Bad Men invited
to attend.
JOHN KELLY, Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Medicine Van.
F. C. FENDERSON. C of R.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Hall
Pearl Chapter. No. 6. meets
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday ot eack
month at 7:30 n. m.
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS. W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box 841. Blsbe.
MRS JESSE BEVAX. Sec'y. P. O. Box
2299. Chairman Relief Com. Phone 647
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie. No. 175, F. O. H, meets
first and third MONDAYS. 8. p. m
Eagles Hall. Visitor cordially wel
come. RICHARD DAVIS. President.
M. D. COHEN. Aerie Physician.
LOYAL ORANGE . INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 210.
Meets In L a
O. F. Hall sec
ond and fourth
SATURDAY
at 7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend. GEO. SLEEMAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary.
P. O. Box i26. Bisbee.
BISBEE LODGE, No. 10, I. O. a F.
meets evvry
WEDNESDAY
renins at Odd
Fellows HalL
Main street at 7:00 p. m. Vbitlux
brothers cordially Invited to attend.
HaU phone 119.
CARL V. NELSON. X. G.
G. A. PLUNKETT. Secretary.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
CHARLES S. BEAR. Exalted Ruler.
R. B. COOVER. Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medigorica
HalL second and fourth
Tuesdays each month.
Visiting brothers wel
come. - -
M. C. BENTON. Councillor.
J. L. BENTON. Recording Secretary.
KNIGHTS LADIES OF SECURITY.
BISBEE COUNCIL NO. S11S.
Meets every Thursday at Union
Hall. 7:30 p. m. Visiting members ar
cordially invited- C. Clem, Fres.,
Box 1023 Bisbee.
Frederick J. Attaway. See.. LowelL
E. Linquist. financier, box 2iZi Low
ell;
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 134 IS.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows Hall.
R. L MOTZ. Consul.
H. F. MATIUTV'SOV.
Clerk.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple, No. 3 .meets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows' Hall. Visiting
afarerfl nr wirdfallv inTited
ANNA HART. M. E. C.
JEANET jrv fc'ENn. M of R- C
By C A. YOIGHT V
TEN
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, APRIL 3, 1917.
IF ALL KLSK FAILS
v I Enlist ? I V c-Wfdi t vrtr- I.
f II , -J Ht.lUt 70 hUOTUT
ft- VvH W-.' A . :
firs
v 1 05 r J
L
Yktinl WHtJT MV HftPPf
TO tiOli i'fHHl - 0O
3lSTLt - vO(,-(i
s ! I
eli .WHEM IT COME
wtu. TENO to it
V
TlNC POi? HE TO pp
Wiiu li HL.f?t HDt I
1:00
s X
0 1
7 i I
M
BY CUM H-L MOKE
YOo Enlist ano 09
YOUR SHflRe J
w
MM
T
British efforts to drive a salient in
the German lines between Marcoing
and St. Quentin continue successfully
Seven villages on a front of 10 miles
between and including Vermand and
Huedieourt were occupied Saturday,
according to the' latest official com
munication from British headquart
ers In France.
Marteville, Vermand and goyecourt
six to eight miles northwest of St.
Quentin, were occupied with. little op
position from the Germans but their
artillery drove the defenders from the
village of St. Emelie. east of Villieres
Faucon and the railroad running
south from Marcoing.
Along the Cologne river, a small
stream, the British advanced and cap
tured Jeancourt, Hervilly and Heude
court. Berlin officially admits that
the British advance reached Heude
court and St. Emelie, but declares
that a British attack north of Metz-en-Coutre,
north of Heudecourt, was
repulsed.
Further north in the region south
east of Arras, there has been bitter
fighting. The British report the cap
ture of Heudecourt and the destruc
tion of several posts near Ecoust-St.
Mien and Henin-Sur-Cojeul. Near the
latter place, Berlin says, an engage
ment resulted favorably for the Ger
mans. Northeast of Soissons the French
have made progress and, Paris says,
have repulsed two German counter at
tacks in the region of Vregny. Berlin
reports that the French were defeat
ed in attacks against German posi
tions on the Vregny plateau.
In the Bystntza valley, near the
Hungarian-Rumanian frontier on the
eastern front, German troops have
taken two hundred prisoners. North
of the Pripet marshes near Novo
Grodek,, Berlin says, German enter
prises resulted in the capture of 75
prisoners.
All aboard for die big ride!
40,QOO,000 miles
for $!,OO0$0OO
If you have a globe
trotting friend who has
$1,000,000 in the bargain,
tell him about this. Quite
frankly, the only reason we
told you about it was to
show you how big a
$1,000,000 is.
And the reason that we
are talking about a $1,000,
000 is that we want you to
know ' the reason behind
the mellow fragrance of
your OWL Cigar. Here
it is quick.
WW LD
Every bit of leaf that goes
in every Owl Cigar must be
time-cured to the very turn of
mellow fragrance. And that
takes many long months. To
make sure that there is always
sufficient OWL leaf on hand,
"ready" in Owl fragrance,
requires that we constantly
keep curing a leaf-reserve
worth, at the very least,
$1,000,000.
Just old-fashioned care,
friends, plus a $1,000,000 invest
ment is what makes the Owl
Cigar the fragrant smoke it is.
Demonstrate it ! 5c in the
nearest cigar store.
. THE
MILLION
DOLLAR
CIGAR
Showing exact size of
the fragrant, mellow
it
Branded for
your protection
INt A. GUNST BRANCH, General Cigar Co., Inc.
INDIAN PRINCES TO
SPEND EVERY GENT
TO CRUSH GERMANY
War Has Been Great Uplifter
and Liberator For India's
Millions, Says Maharajah
Sindhia.
:V.I.IOTJ, India, (rorrespnnilenee
of The Asofiated Press.) The Ma
harajah Si.lhia or C.walior. lino of the
wt'allhii'Kl and most pow erful of I In
Indian ininri's. today told a rorro
sjioinifUl of T)i Associated 1'rcss that
f and the other rulers 'f India wore
pii'l'ared U pour all their resonreps
into the c ommon war roller until (!er
n:any ernshed. The Maharajah
said that tin world conflagration. Iy
a common platrorm upon which ull
India could work, had done much ll
eniotiraKi cooperation among the In
dian states and also to emphasize tho
essential unity of aims between them
and the government of India.
Owalior. whose people lie rules, nn
der the Liritisli (.'overnment, is one t
tho central states of India, with a
population of between 2.00O,(iuo and
S.niMJ.Oon.
The Maharajah is a major seneral
in the Ifritish army and saw his per
sonal services with the Ifritish ex
Pfditionary force to China in 1901.
lHiriiiK the present war. affairs of
state have precluded his leaving Cwa
hor, but from the beginning he has
been making great contributions to
the r.ritish army. His trotips have
been in France, are lighting in Kast
Arrica and Kgypt and are helping
guard the Indian frontier from Quetta
and I'.anuu.
How much he has donated he will
not know until the war is over and
the tinal accounts are in, but he has
thus far expended somewhere in the
neighborhood or 300.000 pounds, (1.
non.OHO dollars) outside the upkeep of
the hospital ship "Loyalty". To this
great contribution he modesty calls
himself only a subscriber but, as a
matter of fact, during the two years
and more the ship has been in com
mission, he has financed it himself
and spent on it nearly 300.000 pounds.
He is also expending 1.000 pounds a
month for the upkeep of a convales
cent home Tor officers and soldiers
which he established, at Nairobi,
Africa, at the beginning of the war.
The Mahrajah gives where he thinks
the need is most pressing, depending
on the daily papers and on his agents
in London for information. Thus if
he learns that war material of any
sort is wanted badly he Immediately
cables his donation to supply or help
to supply the deficiency.
Today's interview t'ook place in the,
palace, and during the conversation
His Highness talked freely on many
subjects. Regarding Germany he was
most uncompromising.
"I believe that the war will continue
for 18 months longer," he said, "and I
hope, for my part, tnat it will go on
until Germany has been crushed. I
am sure that all India feels as I do
about this matter; quite the reverse
of the attitude Germany expected from
us at the 'outbreak of hostilities.
"Germany firmly beliered that India
would join the Central Allies. What
led the Teutons into this error I can
not say, but they certainly misjudged
the situation here badly. There never
was a chance that India would turn
against Groat Britain.
"I don't mean to say that there is
no sedition in India. There is just
as there is sedition to some degree
in America or in any other country,
but those wh'o are plotting against the
government are negligible, in number,
and they are no more representative
of India as a whole than were tho
New York bomb-throwers three or four
years ago representative of the Amer
ican public.
"But Germany thought, for some
reason or other, that we were ready
tv severe relations with Great Britain
and banked on xnir support in the
struggle. Long before the war begun,
Germany was busy trying to stir up
sedition in India. I cannot prove this
statement to you at this time but I !
know it to. be true.
"The' attempts failed and today
Hindustan is standing loyally with the
rest of the-British Kmpire and will
continue so to stand until the last
gun is fired."
J of the riatmhe a connection would he
I made with nn existing line extending
from Seniendria, south along the Bul
garian fronlier. and theme to Sofia.
Regarding the ri;innt)o. it is declar
ed that tho development of the water
way was hindered before the war by
Rumania's refusal to ratify agree
ments regarded ns necessary for the
proper utilization of the river for traf
fie. Since the Austro-Gennan victor
ies in Rumania, the demand had been
voiced in the Central Powers that,
whatever be the future status of Ru
mania politically, the pence conditions
must guarantee that all restrictions
upon the free navigation of the Dan-
EAT WITHOUT FEAR
OF INDIGESTION OR
SOUR, ACID STOMACH
Instant relief! 'Tape's Diapep
sin" ends your stomach
distress. Try it!
Wonder what upset your stomach
which portion of the tVod did the dam
age do you? Well, don't bother. If
your stomach is in a revolt; if sick,
gassy and upset, and what you just
ate has fermented and turned sour;
head dizzy and aches; belch gases and
acids and eructate undigested food;
breath foul, tongue coated just take
a little Tape's Diapepsin to help neu
tralize acidity and in five minutes you
wonder what became tr the indiges
tion and distress.
Millions of men and women today
know that it is needless to have dys
pepsia. A little Diapepsin occasion
ally keeps the stomach sweetened and
they eat their favorite foods without
fear.
If youh stomach doesn't take care
of your liberal limit without rebellion:
it your rood is a damage instead of
a help, remember the quickest, surest,
most harmless relief is Pape's Diapep
sin, which costs only fifty cents for a
large case at drug stores. It's truly
wonderful it stons fermentation and
! acidity and sets things straight, so
gently and easily that it is really as
tonishing. Adv.
line he abolished.
It is said also an effort will be
mndo to arrange for further Improve
ment of the mouths of tho river, and
nl'.o to facilitate traffic nt tho Iron
Onto where the stream breaks thru
Hie mountains from Hungary and Ser
bia into Rumania.
Twenty years aco a great scheme of
improving the river nt this point was
carried out. including the blasting of
s side channel through the rapids,
hut this proved inadequate for up
stream traffic and it was not until
last year, after German and Austria
Iluncary had contracted for immense
siinnlirs in Rumania, that unstrenm
business assumed :my considerable
proportions. I'nder the stress of ne
cessity the authorities then listened
to (!. advice of engineers tmd allow
ed them to build a traction laihvay
alon" the side of the rtrenm for the
lugginc of flotillas of hurges throtfli
the Iron Gate. This bnrso traffic is
etnected to bo rennened soon on a
still larger scale in order to bring
awav creat stores of grain and oil
cam tired in Rumania.
But a canal around tho Iron Gate is
declared to be the only thing to make
the stream a wholly dependable wat
erway. The plans for this feature
call for a canal only 14 miles in length
which would cut off the loop now
some 70 miles in length, containing
the dangerous rapids. The canal
would have to be carried through a
tunnel three or four miles long. It
would then emerge into the valley of
a small stream emptying iiUo the
Hanube. This could be dammed at
several places, so that there would
be verv little cutting, besides the tun
nel. Germany is very much interest
ed in this project, in view of the fact
that the I'pper Danube as it seems
now, will, within due time, be con
nected by a large canal with the
Rbine or the Elbe, or probably both
of those German streams.
ASK YOUR FRIEND.
There is hardly a neighborhood in
any city, town or hamlet in the I'nited,
States whoro'womrn cannot b found
who have derived bonelit from Lydia
F.. I'inkham's Vegetable Compound.
For more than forty years this botanic
remedy has been overcoming some of
the nrst cases of female ills. A3 one
woman has found help she has told
another, who has used it with tli
same result: so the use of this p-f-zt
medicine has sprt-ad from shot
shore by the recommendation of
who' have ioutid it good. The'-
ask yViur neighbor, let her tel' ; '
front experience the bonelit wtii. - -ing
women derive from the use ."
. famous medicine. dvertisenie'
So f;ir us reported the new Gerrcae
raider in iu. south Atlantic sunk 11
ships, mostly British anil French rs '
in vessels. One of the reports o r?
ing from South America is tnut tv"
raider, the Seeadler. was formerly !"
American hark Pass of Balmaha. cap
tured by the Germans in 11-1.
The forward movement of the Brit
ish forces in Mesopotamia has
brought them to within SO miles of
the Persian frontier, in contact with
the Turkish army that retreated from
Kut-el-Amara and which now nas
been reinforced by fresh units. Se
vere fighting; has taken place near
Jebel Hamrin and Kizil Robat, near
the Diala river, in Mesopotamia.
KEEP A JAR Of
MUSTEROLE HANDY
It Quickly Loosens Up Coughs an"
Colds in Throat or Chest
Just a little "fustcro!e ruhbed on jr.i.
s.ire. tight chest before you go to ho
will loo-n tip congestion and break v.
most severe colds and coughs.
Mustcrole i a clean w hite oimmer
mailc with oil of mustard. Simply rni
it on. No plaMcr necessary. Better tha:
miKtard plaster and docs not Mvtcr.
Thousands who me Mustcrole win. If',
uhat relief it gives from sore thr.-at
bronchitis, ton-ilitis. croup. stilT nev.1;
athma. neuralgia, headache, congest k "i
pleurisy, rheumatism, lumbago, pains an
aches of the hack or joints, sprains, son
muscles, bruise. chilMains, frosted ice
and colds (it often prevents 'tncumcnia )
GERMANY'S DREAM IS -
OF RAILWAY THROUGH
SOUTHEAST EUROPE
Line Connecting Central Eur
ope and Constantinople and
Development of Danube As
sured In Future. '
F.EKLIX, (Correspondence of
The Associated Press) Ttansporta-.
tion problems in the southeast of Eu
rope will be important matters for
discussion when peace terms are ar
ranged for the Italkans, according to
economic authorities of the Central
Powers. Two things are necessary,
it is declared: A new railway line
connecting Central Europe with Con
stantinople, and the development of
the Danube lor transportation purpos
es. Hitherto the only line of railway
communication between Central Eu
rope and Constantinople has been by
way of lielgrade. .Visit and Sofia. This
was sufficient for traffic before the
war, hut it will not bo so after peace
is restored, and especially after com
pletion of the Itagdad railway. One
new line that has already been dis
cussed would lead through eastern
Serbia. (Ms plan having been drawn
up with the assumption that part of
Serbia will fall to Bulgaria in the gen
oral settlement of problems in the
Balkans. It has been suggested that
this line would cross the Danube at
Marias, where an existing Hungarian
line has its terminus, and that couth
To The People of
Warren District
Did you know there were in the neighborhood of 200 millionaires
made in Arizona Copper in 1916, and hundreds of others made inde
pendently wealthy? Did you get your share? Perhaps you did not
have the opportunity. Do you all own stocks in the big producing'
mines in the Bisbee District? Do you remember when you could have
bought C & A., Shattuck, or Warren Realty Development Stock? Are
you glad you did not buy in on the ground floor? It may be because
you still do not believe that ore exists south of Sacramento hilL yet:
every hole proves that it does. Those who did trust to their judgment
have profited by it.
Another opportunity is being presented to you in the QUEEN
CALUMET COPPER EXTENSION at Don Luis. It is being present
ed to YOU FIRST at the lowest price offered, there will be no more
after this allotment at 50c It is being taken by those who have pur
chased wisely before. Don't pass the good ones up all your life.
The direct management and finances have been placed in the
hands of three men, James Woods, Parker L. Woodman and C A.
McDonald, who have lived among you for years, who have helped in
a big way to make the Bisbee District world famous. If their past re
cord stands for anything to you, you owe it to yourself to secure ,
enough of the QUEEN-CALUMET to make it worth while when the
QUEEN-CALUMET becomes one of the producers of the Bisbee Dis
trict Dr. Weed, says in part: "The Don Luis (Queen-Calumet) prob
ably rests directly upon the light gray limestone of the ore bearing
formations of the district. Within this particular area, the lower part
of the Naco limestone certainly lies immediately beneath the Conglom
erate and in turn rests upon the heavily bedded Escabrosa limestone,
underlain by the Martin limestone all three being ore bearing in the
proven productive part of the Bisbee District. In the developed pro
ducing area of the camp, ore has been found in these limestone forma
tions. "The Don Luis area is underlaid by the limestone formation
which make up the ore bearing horizon in the productive part of the
Bisbee District.
"These limestones dip southeasterly and are probably intruded by
dykes and masses of porphyry, similar in nature and structural rela
tion to those observed in the hills nearby."
"It is my opinion based upon all the available evidence that there
is a possibility of finding ore on the ground owned by the Queen-Calumet
Copper Extension."
Opportunity is rare and a wise man will never let it go by him.
Success holds auction every day. Don't throw the next big chance
away.
Ask Mr. Woodman or Mr. Gardiner for maps and information
before the fifteenth of this month at the Copper Queen Hotel
;l, '
i )..'