5
WEATHER
Ar!iona Thursday
'generally fair, colder
north portions; Fri
day fair with rising
temperature.
MARKETS
NEW YORK CITY
Average price of cop
per for week ending
Dec. 27, 30.25.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 4, 1917
PRICE FIVE CENTS
VOL 19. NO. 180.
1.
i- 1 tu0ll. "
-si
It
.1
i
i
A-
1
5
.3
J
1
I
5
f
SENATOR SMITH FEED
DYING; GOVE
TAKES
Report From Washington Ad
mits Arizona Senator Is
Gravely 111 and May Never
Recover.
WHO WILL APPOINT
POSSIBLE SUCCESSOR?
Courts May Decide Today
Who Is De Facto Governor. ,
Hunt Claims New Lead ini
I
Vote Contest
(Special to The Review)
PHOENIX, Jan,. 3. With two
executive offices c'oing business
in the capital of Arizona, the com
batants awaiting the decision of
the supreme court after tomor
row morning's hearing, and with
practically no developments in
the inspection, the gubernatorial
contest would drop Into the in
nocuous, except for another bomb
shell which fell plump into the
political camps tonight.
Senator Near Death
Senator Mark Sfith is reported to
be at death's door in Washington.
The nev.'s was received in a private
telegram and while it could not be
verified, it is regarded as likely that
the report of the senior senator's
grave illness is not exaggerated. He
has been In poor health for some time
Who May Appoint
If Senator Smith dies, who will ap
point his successor? It seems cruel
to speculate, but there was much
speculation on this very subject to
night The opinion prevails that the
sudden death of the senator would
involve the gubernatorial fight In a
gravity with which the rival claims
of the two FiJes hava not invested it
ti ns far.
Both "Govern"
Ex-governor Hunt occupied the out
er executive office again today and is
not known to have entered the inner
sanctum, which legend says has been
locked and filled with bull dog jawed
gunmen since the night of December
SI.
Wh?t is widely regarded as the real
executive chambers of this state,
were kept open in the library of the
residence of Governor Campbell,
where the family passed the day in
doors, owing to the drizzly rain which
prevailed practically the entire term
or daylight. Many matters of state
were attended to hy the governor,
who is receiving, hundreds of letters
and calls of congratulation.
Mail Held Up
Instructions from Washington were
that the post office should hold the
mail addressed merely to the Gover
nor of Arizona, pending the determi
nation, by the supreme court of the
ownership of the office. This owner
ship, by the way. Is also dependent
upon the decision of the courts in the
contest proceedings, which were for
mally announced and set for January
15. Mail addressed to Governor Hunt
goes to the individual who at least
bears the name. Mail addressed to
Governor Campbell is delivered to
him at his residence.
Court Sits Today
Breathless Interest will be the
emotion of the partisans tomorrow
morning when attorneys for Campbell
present to the supreme court their
petition for an order compelling Hunt
to get out of the suite of rooms he
has occupied in the state house for
the past five years. The attorney?
for the ex-governor will be present to
oppose the Issuance of such an order
and will be prepared to make a stub
torn fight for they were supplied with
copies of the briefs of the plaintiff
forty-eight hours prior to the hearing
This was in accordance with the stip
ulation with ' w hich Campbell bought
an election certification from his ad
ministration.
Next in Interest will be the inspec
tion of the ballots which most of the
officials agree will be finished Satur
day night. The inspectors of Board
No. 2 today finished Pinal and started
on Santa Cruz. Two big Hunt coun
ties were begun by the other boards,
No. 1 getting Cochise, and No. 3 draw
ing Gila.
Conforming to the triple-plated cus
tom the Hunt inspectors claimed
gains of eleven in Pinal, three in San
ta Cruz and twenty-three in Gila: the
Campbell Inspectors stated that their
claims would be accompanied by defl
(Continued on Page 2)
RNORSHIP
T
AMBASSADOR IS
COMING FROM AUSTRIA.
i
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3. Count
Tarnow-Tarnowski, the new A us-
I tro-Hungarian ambassador to the
! rnited States, arrangements for
whose passage through the ent- ;
ente bi'Jckade made after much i
negotiation, will sail from Am- :
sterdam on the liner Nordam on '
Innimrv 13 I
Count Tarnowski was. scheduled j
to sail from Amsterdam on De- '
cember 16, after the British gov-
ernment had issued orders to her
naval commanders not to Inter- ,
fere with him. At the last mo- j
ment; however, it was announced
that he would not sail.
VILLA MARCHES
CITY
Skirmishing Is Reported Thirty
Miles South Juarez Sends
- More Troops To Help In
Defense of Capital.
(By Review Leased Wire)
EL PASO, Jan. 3. Unconfirmed re
ports of skirmishing between a de
tachment of Villa scouts and a part
of Genera Francisco Murguia's . col
umn near Horcasitas, thirty miles
south of Chihuahua City, were given
out here late today by the recently
organized Villa junta. The Villa
scouts were said to have ridden down
from the hills and to have engaged
a reconnoitering party sent out by
General Murguia. Artillery firing
could be heard at Chihuahua City, ac
cording to this report
At Santa Rosalia
Francisco Villa was said by this
same source to have been at Santa
Rosalia yesterday, and to have driven
the defacto troops back to Ortiz, be
tween Santa Rosalia and Chihuahua
City.
Government agents here said to
night "they had information that Villa
was preparing to establish his gov
ernment at some city in northern
Mexico soon. A number of Villa's for
mer advisors were expected to arrive
at the border soon to join Villa, A
close watch is being kept for these
Villa partisans who are supposed to
be on their way here from Los An
geles, San Antonio and New York, it
was added.
Chinese Fleeing
Chinese and Arabs were reported
'o be coming to the border from Chi
huahua City on every train for fear
Villa would retake the capital and
'"ill all subjects of these nations. One
Chinese refugee said he had been ad-
(Continued on Page 2)
RAGIG ANGL
CITY HI COUNTY OFFICERS TO
COOPERATE -QHFUTURE EFFORT
Instant co-operation between the of- j Raffrrty, of Tombstone, to Bisbee to
leers of the county and city and the ! ail the county officers present here
Mlmination of the bootlegging evils ! nw-. Th?' m b,P Kive" m;
Missions, it is understood, and each
if Bisbee will be in force on January (lf rity ofr,CPr3 wi!, be or nave
11, when the ordinance, passed by the j been, given deputy sheriffs' comniis
rlty council Tuesday evening, be- sions.
'onips effective. Both City Marshall ' That the ordinance passed by the
Tames Allison and S-'heriff Wheeler
vill take immediate action to see that
the community is thoroughly cleaned
up.
Bisbee's city 'arshnl has desired
-omething of this character to work
'ipon for months. Sheriff Wheeler!
ias also asked that rity legislation be j
"asscd which enable his officers and ,
'hose of the cities to make some head- !
way. '
IxKiking to close co-operation be-J
tween the officers of the city and
county the Sheriff will detail Harry
BRITISH GRAVES
W i ta . , a. mi mi -i.3T
IJi ?if ill C--.
This i:itiili ctiicial photograph shows a lew of Ui.i .r.-;y n.w, . ..
aionj: the western front. Each cross has the name and address of the sotdie. uuu the aoi Jb
and the date. The crosses bear the letters R. I. P . the abbreviation fov "Iiest iu F-co."
Uarh Fisher Receives Infernal Machine In the M ail
"
r f ft 1 f
rries Utt Lid ot
Postoffice officials, in this and
niac.Mne which, only by the grace of
Christmas dinner guests to pieces.
a former employee of his sent him
On rtinstmas day the postomce
to him and had a return address of
- - -. ' - -
package but took it home. A number of dinner guests "were at the Fisher home, in Tombstone Canyon at
the time.
: Mrs. Fisher took the package and unwrapped it. There was disclosed a wooden box, about five Inches
long, four inches wide and about the same deep. Mrs. Fisher attempted to open the lid, which slid on in a groove.
It was too tight, however, and Mrs. Fisher took a knile and lifted the top off in that manner. This action
' probably saved her life and those of the other people In the house at the time.
Inside the box there was enough dynamite, with four percussion caps, to kill any number in tile vicinity
and wreck the household. ' In one corner there was a battery. Connected to this battery we re several wires and
cne end extended to, or near, the sliding top of the box. On the under side of the .top of the box the wires
were continued to the percussion caps which were, in turn imbedded in the powder. By sliding off the lid of the
box the contact was made. The ends of the wires would have come together under such circumstances and
death would have, undoubtedly, resulted. The lid was too tight and this, alone, saved the househpld. Fisher
saved the box and showed it to the postmaster who took the matter, immediately, up with the postal au
thorities. It is said that special inspectors are now investigating the matter and have sent several men into Wash
ington to try to obtain some clue to the sender. By several people the name inscribed on the return card. Joe
Kovich, is thought to be a blind or to have been put on by the rightful man who was passing through the
Washington town.
Fisher is unable to expluin the receipt of tho infernal machine. He declares that he knows of no on
who should desire to kill him. He adds, however, that he thinks he remembers a man by the name of Joe Kovich
having worked for him several years ago.
FIND STOLEN LEGACY.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 3. Eight thou
sand dollars of a $11,947.46 legacy
fitjm, the estate of the Daniel McFar
lan of Washington, D. C, alleged to
have been paid her six months ago
to John M. Moore, a store clerk, in
stead of to John R. Moore, a bank
teller and nephew of McFarlan, has
been found in Detroit, according tj a
'statement tonight of private detectives
'who are seeking the Moore who re-j
ceived the money and then vanished.
. Just how the money was found was
'not divulged.
council and which will go into effect
on Thursday next will have the effect
of cleaning up any questionable re
sorts in Bisbee and also the inhabi
tants thereof, seed's assure... The
officers asid the county attorney and
city attorney have something solid to
work upon and this will eliminate a
great obstacle which has been in the
way for months pnst.
The Fheiiff and county attorney are
now workinc upon the Douglas city
council to follow the lead set by the
Bisbee aldermen in this respect.
BY THOUSANDS LINE THE WESTERN FRONT
n;
n 1 O T-1 ! .1
Box ana oaves t atrntu r rom Death
J ,
many other cities of the west, are searching for the sender of an infernal
great good luck, failed to blow Mrs. J. W. Fisher, Mr. Fiwher and their
Fisher is a shift boss for the C & A. company, and it is thought possible
the bomb.
was open ana Mf.ier secured a package Irom the mails, it was addressed
Joe Kovich. Auburn. Washineton. on the
THIRTEEN MINERS
FEARED KILLED IN
IDAHO EXPLOSION
Gasoline Touched Off MineiKausas a,ld Oklahoma, excepting the
i i u j j n
uivcj hi iiunureu rvescu
ers Dig Out Three Bodies of
Victims.
( By Review Leased Wire)
Bl'TTE. Mont.. Jan. 3. A special
dispatch tonight to the Butte Miner'
f-ori Dillon. Mont., says: j
"An explosion of gasoline on thq
nn-fnot level of the Pittsburg Idaho
fine at Gilmore. Idaho, at pbout 4
o'clofk this afternoon imnrisoned 13
" Iners who are thought to be dead.
A rrpw of 100 men frpntially dig
cing away the debris in the tunnel,
have found the bodies of three men
Frank Thomas, Jack Thomas and a
wan named Ielster.
"Gasoline used as motive power In
nn engine on the 400-foot level. Is be-
lieved to have caused the explosion
-.-Moh hroi"'t down tons of earth
upon tho thirteen miners.
"The Pltshi:r--Idaho n-ine is a
large silver producer, located about
one quarter of a mile from Gilmore.
Virtually every able-bodied resident
of Cilmore together with all employes
of the mine nnd ranchers residing in
the vicinity are working in a desper
ate effort to uncover the remains of
the other ten victims."
v ...-y Lj aoen all
"Killed in Action"
1
wraDner.
Fischer did not open the
PAY 45 MILLIONS
FOR McM ANN OIL CO
DALLAS, Jan. 3. For a considera
tion of $45,000,000, the Magna Petro
leum company with headquarters In
nalhm I. nnrrhnspH all the ni'jnertv
including the production oil on hand.
I farms, leases and other concessions of
I the Mc.Mann Oil company, located in
i McMann leases in the restricted de-
no-tn.onJ -.tl.ln th o--itnr of tfc
Five Civilized Tribes in Oklahoma. It
was announced today.
FAILS
PRESIDENT MAY
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3. All
the
threads of the tnncled situation be-:
tween the I'nited States and Mexico
MED AT ON
were held by President Wilson today, j ratified by Carranza the protocol pro
The American members of the Mexi- i viding for withdraw al of the Ameri-
rnn-American joint commission made
to him today a personal report of
their negotiations ' which have reach-
ed a deadlock, nnd whether the con-
fererces of the commission shall. con-
tinue Is a question the President has
added to those already un1cr consld-
eration. the determination of which
will shape the administration's policy
towards the defacto government. iJine referred inquirers to tne I rest- j Arizona, brokers, charged at Bisbea
Althontrh an authoritative sdmis-! dent. The President said he did not with misuse of the mails in connection
sion to that effect wa9 lacking, it be j wifb to discuss the question in any with the closing of their offices sev
came known that Secretary Lane, Dr. I of its phases. eral months ago. Counsel for Levy
J. R Mott and Judge Oray. the Amer- At least one more conference with Brothers argued that the indictments
Iran commissioners, considered use-1 the Mexicans will be held. Some day were insufficient to warrant their re-
less further attempts to affect a set-' (Continued on Tag 2) jmoval to Arizona to stand trial
J FUNSTON TO MAKE
' TOUR OF BORDER.
i
SAN ANTONIO, Jan. 3. Major ;
Cc-ni'Ta FunKtnn iTtitnaTifltnt, th I
outhrn department. I. S. A..
! will leave here tomorrow with his
I aide. Captain Fitzhugh Lee, on a
; tour of inspection of the trrxip
on the border. General Funstou
: said tonight there was nothing
I significant in his trip and be
; would not vlbit the punitive ex-
: pedit.Vn in Mexico. His In spec-
camps. I
Mrs. Funston and their chil-
j dren, who are going to California,' I
will accompany General Funston j
I as far as Yuma Arizona. '
Universal Training Again Up
as Issu
Rejection of the'
Lewis Gun Also Will Be
Explained.
B RvIew wir
! WASHINGTON. Jan. 3 While a;
sub-committee or the Senate military !
committee continued today the col-j
ion "Vpra of array i
officers on universal military training
; House committee worked on details f
of the SOO.OOO,000 military budget for i
! 1918 and the Senate public lands com-
' mttee was informed that efforts to
j reach a compromise with the navy de- j
i pnrtn.ent cn legislation affecting na-
I vv oil lands again had failed.
Senator Pittman of Nevada, chair-
man of a sub-committee, appointed to
j - -
j conr n&vy officials, said efforts
inow would be made to pass oil lands
... , ... .
I Kress over the objection of the de -
j partjuTrt. Western senators express -
Jed indignation at the attitude of the
i navy. The controversy is over pro-
I
CONGRESS SEEKS
$800,000,000 '
FOR MILITARY
! IN 1918
i
posed relief for claimants on oil land , instructions, to report on it in 10 days,
included in naval petroleum reserve Insist on Probe. ,
No. 2 in California. The department j Mr. Henry immediately called a
has held that passage of the pending j meeting for tomorrow morning to con
bill Would threaten the navy's oil re- j aider the resolution and tonight botn
serve supply and make it dangerous Democrats and Republicans of the
to build oil-burning battle craft in the I committee were demanding that Mr.
future. ; Lawson. Mr. Wood and others be
. .... 'called to testify.
' To Train Millions i , . .
The military subcommittee heard frIankcdhby -Pntative Gardner
Colonel Stephen Foot of the coast 'ts 1do.1"
.... , . . , , Republicans. Mr. ood Insisted that
i artillery school and Colonel Charles . Representative Henry had no inten
D. Rhodes of the mounted service Uon of his comn,itue tQ co.
school. Both strongly favored uni-: slder ,he original Wood ,,eak- WS,,.
jversal service legislation and agreed . tion introduced on December ZZ Repre
i that the present volunteer -system. sentative Henry denied this, but said
particularly the national guard feat- neither Mr. Lawson xor Renresenu-
ure was a failure. Colonel Foote pre-
rented a plan of his own. providing
three months' summer training for
j each of four years for all available
, youths aged 17 years. A million boys
! could be given this training annually.
he said, at a cost of about $100,000,000
Colonel Rhodes declared the dual
control by federal and state govern-
I ments over the national guard- ren -
oerea u an unworaaoie ssieui. xie
thought every state would come to
the establishment of a constabulary
force for its own use.
Plants Favor Europe
. .. Il -.11,-
j tary committee that European war or- j
i (Continued on Page 2) I
WITR MEXICO
RECALL TROOPS
I tlement of questions at Issue through
the Joint commission.
They submitted to the President aj
written report of their failure to have i
I can troops from Mexico and for a co-
operative control of the border and
BRKea nun lo neciue wnemer nicy
should continue their conferences on
other subjects as suggested by Car
ranza. The President and the three co
mlssloners discussed the report for ,
, about an hour. Afterward Secretary j
Wn I1PSFT
HI PROOF
flF RIR
"LEAK"
Advance Tip From Capitol
Netted Speculators Fortunes
When WiUon Peace Note
Came Out
ONE MAN SOLD 15,000
SHARES STEEL SHORT
Investigation Was Referred to
Rules Committee Several
Congressmen May Be Im
plicated it Is Alleged.
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3. The
""Sessional agitation over
L- . L . L. ..... ul I . M
wiiyc ini iriciv was a ic Ol
advanced information on President
Wilson's peace note on which
somebody made money in the
stock market, culminated today in
the House ordering the rules com
mittee to make a report within 10
days on Representative Woods' re
solution for investigating, and an
open statement on the floor by
Representative Bennet, of New
York that Bernard Bameh, a New
York stock operator, was reported
to have told short 15,000 share
of Steel on the "tip".
Was No -Mirage."
I Over objections of Representative
i Iienrv. fhAiraan of the rnmmittAA
i who . ftp pftnfcrtIu.M Thm
w LaW8on- aniunced that th Bo.
i . Ldnsuii, uuui'ru iub in uo.r
; ton financier's charges were a "mir-
age Representative Wood succeeded
; ,u Uauf iUe nouse noiu pnvnegea
jhis resolution providing for an io
1 quiry into the Lawson allegations by a
j committee of five. The resolution was
J referred tv the' rules committee with
tive Wood bad produced or promised
, to produce, any evidence which would
warrant such conclusions.
May Call President
Mr. Gardner asserted positively that
there had been a "leak" and that he
Would favor calling the President, his
I have been able to furnish information
: regarding the forthcoming message.
ronune on Leak
I Demands by Representative Garrett
; of Tennessee drew this statement from
Representative Bnnet:
"The rumor is that Mr. Barney
Baruch, a member of the Council of
.HUUII-I IWiense,
was the man re
sponsible for U1I9 Information getting
to Wall Street and that 30 minutes
before the President's message was
I made public he sold, on a rising mar
I ket in steel, by the way. 15,000 shares
i of steel common short"
Congress Grafting?
In holding the resolution privil
eged. Speaker Clark disregarded
everything it contained save, two
statements attributed to Lawson.
They were l"j the effect that mem
bers of Congress had been "wal
lowing In Wall Street leak graft
for fortunes" and that inauguration
of a real investigation would see
less than quorum present in the
houses and a speedy shifting of
bank accounts.
LEVys. EXTRADITION TO
ARIZONA IS DELAYED.
i DENVER. Jan. 3. Motions attack
ling the indictments under which they
I are held resulted todar in nostnon.
n,nt until Friday of the case ot Sam
amj vax Levy. Denver and Bisbee, THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 4, 1917.
TWO
N,
"4
i
BRITISH OFFICERS
AHD SOCIETY BELLE
CAUSEBIG SCANDAL
Clever Woman Juggies Big
Army Jobs at Her Own
Sweet Will and Wooes Lit
tle Lieutenant.
HOUSE'S VISIT AT
! CAPITOL SUGGESTS
NEW PEACE MOVE
i i
i - :
Rumors Heard That Germany
Has Sent ' Peace Terms to
! President, Though Shroud
ed in Secrecy.
ILLHESS EFFECTS MILITARY NEEDS
i GOVERNOR'S RAGE 5800,090,000
(Continued From Page One)
ders were crowding Aiiieiioan army
contracts out of private munition
with side care to carrv rifiomen. A
portion of the fund also wi'l :,o to ti:e
maniitai ture of an armorei "land bat
tle craft" similar to t!:e Uriti.h
"tanks" as soon 11s a dti.-n could Lc
worked out.
Secretary Baker and General Cro
zier both will be heard tomonow on
the machine gun problems of the ar-
MEDIATORS FAIL TO
END MEXICAN MUSS
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON, Jan. 3 An army scandal,
involving the exercise of influence over
high officers by a prominent society
woman is described in the report of
a court of inquiry today and Mrs. Corn-
Wallis- West, wite of .Colonel William
controversy over the Lewis pun, that
has raged for many months, will be
gone Into.
(By Review Lcr.sed Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jim. ". Coincident
with the receipt here today of confi
dential advices giving the broad out
lines of the entente reply to President
Wilson's note proposals a discussion
of peace terms. Colonel E. M. li'ause.
Cornwallis West and mother of the ; the President s mend and amioor, ar
Princess oi Mess and of the Duchess : rived at the White House. The
ivet, .f ic nmr taUv vewl v ' enl m. 1's last visit was followed by
censured. the despatch of the President's note, j
The late Sir Arthur Basil Markham.j At the same Ume press dispatches'
lioeral member of the Parliament for ! from London told of a speech by Count f
the Mansfield division of Nottingham-' Juliu3 Andrassi, former iprenner 'of
shire, who died last August, demanded j Hungary, stating that the c ntral pow
ers had given or would give president
Wilson a statement of their peace
terms and tliat the entente allies could
obtain them from him.
Officials at the White House and
the state department would not dis
cuss these developments further than
to say definitely that no further move
on the part of the American g'overn-
(Continued From Page One)
. nite figures showing precinct totals
1 nml would not be made public until
thp muter had been compiled; the plants. There was little eagerness I my. It is expected the history of the
court's inspector, Judge Xealon pre- aniong manufacturers, ne sata. to get
served his usual calm silence and the government business. A vast sum
hoped the inspection might be over! would be required to fit government
tv the end of the week. Inspector arsenals to turn out war time needs
Prochaska wished for the end of the of the army, he said, adding that ne ; SEEK SUPPORT FOR
ardently that he quit favored continuance oi xne practice i
Ul lUStCI lllg (.'lliaiC Jinnfc; mi nil- i
reason. j
Most of the $2,000,000 provided for
armored motor cars last session. Gen
eral Crozier seid, would go into the ;
acquisition of a fleet of t& of these
land craft, 230 motorcycles
with machine guns and 640 cycles ; elected chairman.
inspection so
the board. His place was taken by
Bernie Zachau but Prochaska remain
ed on in an advisory capacity with
out remuneration.
Insurance rates against daylight
bank robberies in Oklahoma will be j
increased 350 per cent. !
(Continued From Page One)
this week, Luis Cabrera and the other
members, Isnacio Bonillas and Alber
to J. Pani, are expooteu to meet the
American commissioners here and re
ceive their reply to Carranza's latest
communication.
It seemed certain tonight that some
radical changes in policy would b
WLSON'S PEACE NOTE. I adopted soon ty the United States.
NEW YORK. Jan. 3 Three methods ! The President continued his conider
of. arousing public sentiment in sup-: ation of the withdrawal of Ceneral
ptort of President Wilson's efforts as I Pershing's force regardless of Car
a peace maker were discussed by mem- ranza's attitude and of the sending of
bers of the American Neutral Confer-i Henry P. Fletcher to Mexico City to
ence at a dinner given here tonight I represent the government as ambas-
armed by George Foster Peabody, the newly I sudor. It is know n that neither of
consistent by the American commis
sioners. In anticipation that orders would
be issued soon for recall of the troops,
the war department has prepared a
tentative plan of withdrawal. General
Scott, chief of staff, and General Bliss
assistant chief of staff, conferred at
length with Secretary Baker late to
dajt and it was said they discussed a
request by the President for & report
on what effect, in the opinion of mili
tary', the withdrawal of the troops
would have.
CAPTAIN COCHRAN DIES.
EL PASO, Jan.. 3. Captain Percy
M. Cochran, of the Quartermaster's
Corps L S. Army, died at the base
hospital late today of pneumonia. He
had been stationed at the quartermas
ter depot here for several months. He
was a native of Florida and was pi
these steps would be regarded as in- j nioted from the rangs in 1SS8.
an inquiry in the House of Commons
into this matter and was seconded. by
Irish, members, who declared that a
young Irish oQcer's honor was involv
ed. It has since developed that the
officer was Lieutenant Patrick Barrett,
of the Welsh Fusiliers.
According to a statement in the
House 'of Commons before recess, he
v.as completely exonerated, his com-1 "-ent would be determined until the
manding officer. Lieutenant Colonel I entente reply was received. It was
Delme-Eadcliffe, was removed from ' said that the President still has his
his command, and General Sir John '"ind open on the question. It was not
Cowans was censured but was re- disclosed whether the administration
turned because of his good w ork. Gen- considers that the unfavorable action
eral Owen Thomas, who also was c'on- of the entente has lert the way open
cerned was vindicated. r tue confidential exchange of terms
Barrett was a sergeant in the Welsh between the opposition groups of na-
Fusiliers. Colonel Delme-Eadcliffe and
other officers recommended him for a
commission late in 1915 and his claims
were supported by Colonel and Mrs.
Cornwallis-West and several promin
ent civilians.
"Probably before this time and cer
tainly later," says the report, "Mrs.
tions. In view of the delicate nature
of the negotiations, extreme secrecy
is being observed by the few officials
in close touch with the situation. 1
Both in Germany and entente circles
pessimism over the outlook was ex
pressed. The President, however, was 1
understood to think that the moves
Cornwallis-West began to take more already made will be helpful ultimate-
than ordinary interest in Mr. Barrett,
to which he consistently failed to re
spond. Evidently he wrote her in
February last a letter of remonstrance
which sue placed in the hands of his
commanding officer."
Barrett was severely censured by
his commander without the opportun
ity of stating his case. Soon after he
was transferred to another baUalicn.
-on the demands cf Mrs. Cornwallis
West. General Cowans, who aided the
Cornwallis-Wests in securing Tiarreli'
transfer, is censured for inierfrrins
with discipline. General W. H. .iac"..- .
innon, who also was connected witV
the correspondency, is criticized lor
interfering with the. affairs of the;
command, but is not disciplined be
cause he has since retire d. ,
"The court Of inquiry rt-ports re-1
g.-.rdins Mrs. Cornwallis-West: ;
"We have no doubt that her injudi-;
cious boasting of the power she v. ield-
ed at the war ofiicc which was con-!
firmed to an appreciable extent bv the 1
wording of some of Sir John Cowans j 1 ;i?nt Wilson it is believed that
1 iters wis called to bring him and Ule' cau!P through Ambassador Ger
tue administration at the war Ofdcej1'nl at B,'llin- The Gentian embassy
into disrepute. We feel obliged to I :-as 1a1 no information on the subject
ly, regardless of the immediate conse
quences.
I Preliminary information received j
here indicates that the entente note I
will pay more attention to the Presi- j
i dent's suggestion that means be found ;
' for preserving peace in the future
than di the reply of the Central Pow- j
ers which suggested postponement of!
iiii.s question until after tile present 1
war.
COloiiel House has kept in close j
'.ouch wiili all developments in the'
. ir.mtion. V'lror-'ii his two vhits v
1 .ur.ipo sin e the w?r tegaii lie is oon
r.i'jTcd ty the administration to have j
c co:i:p! te knowledge of tin many (
cross currents operating for ami
against peace in the several nations
at war.
I It is generally expected that alter
jicceipt of the reply of the entente
'i.llies President Wilson will communi
' t ate again wifh both sides.
n me terms ot tee central powers
ave already been made fcnon to
late tonight
Several days aj.o it was stated
authoritatively that Germany was
leauy to keep Open the road to peace
to make known coinidentially the
terms of the cential powers to the
President. It also was indicated that
Germany further might permit the
terms to be transmitted in confidence
to the entente allies. '
Five cold storage warehouses are to
be erected on site of the old T wharf
for Quincy Market Cold Storage Ware
house CO. Each is to be 11 stories.
record our opinion that this lady's
conduct, as revealed in this case, has
been highly discreditable both in her
behavior towards Second Lieutenant
Larrett before his letter of the four- j
teenth of Frebruary. in her vindicative j
attempts to injure him afterwards and j
in the untruthful evidence she gave i
before us. j
"It appeared in the evidence that this
lady holds positions of some import
ance in the county of Denbigshire in
various associations of a public char-1
ac ter for airistiug in war work. In our
opinion it io be regretted that the !
should hold ..-h positions." j
The court jo investigated reports
that General Owen TLOmas. who took j
a prominent part in recruiting in i
Wales v.as transferrer! finm ln. ,.nn. !
irand of a Welsh brigade to a lesser j
command through Mrs. Cornwall!:,-I
West's influence. This proved to be f
unfounded but "due to an unfortunate
sequence of events and the ambiguous i
voiding of certain official letters." j ' '
The report says that Colonel Wynne j Pipe's Diapepsin" fixes SOUI",
Ldwards reflected on General Thoma, j gassy upset stomachs
v no is a brigade commander, in a let-1 . r
t r to Mrs. Cornwallis-West "with the i ln "ve HiinuteS.
apparent oDject of exalting his own
ACIDS IN STOMACH
CAUSE INDIGESTION
Qualifications tor the post." Mrs. Corn-wullis-West
sent the letter to General
Cowans with a postscript which he
forwarded to Lieutenant General Sir
William Pitcairu Campbell Of the war
oMiee, advising him to keep au eye ei.
I'M wards and expressing a liU'h opinion
of biiu.
The report nib attention to ih
l'H.-t that it s contrary to the repulu
t"ins for a war office official to enter
into private coriebpondcuce On oi&ciaJ
ii utters.
VILLA MARCHES
08 CHIHUAHUA CITY
(Continued from oae one.)
vised 1 y ':: G' rman cons ill, v" o van
l':" ctfr-n of 'V. affi'in. of thti Chi
r govt ni.nr to Irav - f.ir the
l-'irri'T rl niic.
Tr3ors Leac J:s
Troup'-' arc V1 -,jr'
J ttrc, 1 1 ': :- ( "
a''- co: 1 c-.r. obtaiiif' i )
trains. T! is hus ' led to
V:vt Geneial i'urenin li-s
rr in.orc?n.crts to srr.J
fieia 8aitiF.t Villa.
tne runior
r-s'M-d fur
ir.ta the cos1
If what you just ate is souring on
Our stomach or lies like a lump of
lead, refusing to (iigest, or you belch
Kas and eructate sour, uiidiet.sted food,
.r ha-e a feeling of dizziuiss, lieTri,
bu;n, fullnrs-, r.ai:a;;t, bad t:ute in
iiK.uth and stomacli liendai he, you can
surety get relief in lio minui's.
Ask your pharmacist to show you
Uie foii-uula. plainly printej in thes--afly-cent
cases oi Pape's Diapejisin,
.hen Vu rill understand why d; s
p.'P'iic trcucles of sll ::inds ir.ut ;,o.
aii;I why it relieves nour, out-oi order
loinachs or indigestion in live min
arcs, ".''ape's Diapepsin" is hamlets;
tastes li'-te candy, though eacii uo.-t
will digest and prepare for assimila
rioii i:ito the tilvcu all the food jot
oat; besides it. makes you go to the
iabie with a healthy appetite; but
what will please you moat, is that you
viil feel that your sto:iah and intes
tin-js are clean and fn sh, and you will
not need to rt.-ort to lar.atives Or liver
pilis for bUlcusness or censtipatien,
This ciy v.li nave n.any ' Pape'i
i'!,' if psir" crank;:, as soivi- .co!e wi!.
' :i .; " b';'. r- rii viil 1).: cnih .1 .:.
- . - ii ' . i'"' 'nli.,1 f.to'ii.ii'li prtpar.'
!in, ':; V. Ma f (, tf it l'ir :nj
: :',.l. -i-.,':-., I'i'lu tij.l,!l, H
. : -a t r :""' . 'o r" h mist y.
Gei 5t.a'.e now. tiiis ininute, and ri
yo:nM-l! of slc.ua.'h misery and ind'
f.tstion in live minute:;.
(Adveriisemeut)
: ?
ffatojB.
In the' Annex' Store Begins This Morning-Affording Rare and Unusual Savings
THESE ANNUAL JANUARY CLEAN-UP SALES es conducted by the Fairs "ANNEX" store have grown from smaU proportions, untU they
have becoma very broad in their nature and inS'jence and are known far and wide for their unusualness and for the fact that they hold interest for
nearly every one.
IF YOU HAVE IN YOUR HEART the dcrire for quality merchandise e.t very low, economy prices then ccme to the "ANNEX' -store this
morning and share the offeiirgs in this JANUARY CLEAN-UP SALE- This announcement will be sufficient for the many who have learned of the
wonderful savings that result through patronizing these sales. This advertisement is particularly directed to those who do not know, through past ex
perience, what reduced prices mean at the "ANNEX" store. REMEMBER, the sale begins this morning.
Children's Outing Gowns
Fere's a chance to supply the chiMren with plenty cf
warm, comfortable night dresses and make a suhstu.it :il
saving. They are made of good quality Outing Flannel,
in sizes for children from 4 to I'i years, at a reduction,
of ONE-FOURTH or regular prices. 50c Gowns for CSc.
6ac Gowns for 4ftc and 7oc Gowns fi r 57c.
i
r w i .- jay
ENTRANCE
ON
C 1 1 HWAY
XSTREET
OF
MAIN
BUILDiNf
W2LS Flannelette 'Kimonos
Women crin't have too many Dressing Sacques. par
ticularly at this period of the season, and when they ar
the good warm kind such ns these, with prices reduced
O.N'K-THIRD it is an incentive to early buying; they are
made of good quality Flannelette, in light and dark
colors; sizes 32 to 40. lit jular 35c values for 21c and
50c Kinds for 34c.
5
Women's Fine Quality Serge Suits
At An Actual Saving of Exactly
OFF Regular Price ' Ifl m
CHOICE T M.iU
A few A
v m m
IT ISN'T VERY often that you rre tempted
with reduced price: on Women's garments at the.
"ANNEX" store end when we say Suits at a
THIRD less; than reguiar price, we mean exactly
that and nothing less
The off er 'embraces some of the very smartest
styles brought out this season in Suits to sell tor
$12.45 .made ot excellent quality wool Serge,
in navy, brown and green colors; styles and size,; adapted to both misses nd women.
They have been considered exceptional valuu all season at the regular price $12.45
Clean-l'p Price only $8.30.
Women's Separate Wool Skirts
Reduced 1-3 Less Than Regular Prices
tWOMKN'S Separate Skirts that rep
resent good value at th-ir rertihir
prices all go at a reductim of ON!v
d
d
Serse
Uy
A-.
1r v - f5 :
Dresses
Here are Women's Dresses so at
tractively priced that the economy
wise woman will si trcely be able to
ro-" L '.!:. '.e!ii-'.:'t'cn to buy. l:c
materials lticlude good quality Reree
in. navy, jn-een and brown, and "shep
herd checks; Dresses that are smart
in design, well made and prettily'
mnviiec
$4.35 DRESSES FOR $3.60
$S.-;5 DRESSES FOR $4.30
$6.Sb DRESSES FOR $4.64
$7.45 DRESSES FOR ?5.07
Silk Dresses
Silk Poplin and Taffeta Dresses at
price reductions of a radical nature
tliat mean big savings to you; they are
in plain, pleated or tunic styles, with
full flaring skirts; colors navy, Copen
hagen, green and gray.
$7.45 DRESSES FOR $5.07
$7.95 DRESSES FOR $5.30
$9.95 DRESSES FOR $6.64
ar
ll a r r . . 1 - . ' . .. - , . m;
!lvC7tt"-V',i ' : TIJIKD: they are in the la 'est pleate
I rVS v v "'!' - .1 . .' f if ':?. and Hare styles, some have yoke.-t an
f ttSHflV ( ;' '.'-':.. k TTn-.-lA''- 'j large pockets; materials in- lurle
LSl'B'ft l:5-:S-.2?iSv'';J,4''' - .Ivfe-?" in navy, black and brov n. novo
' I i'r'' weaves and mixtures, fa-.cy nlaid
1 l!j9kKi:;'eU''-.?i. ripcs and check,.
' flSiy; Regular $ 1 .95 Skirts . . . $ 1
; iiu i n mmxmm-mm $2.45 skhts . . .
ft 5ti;Skh: ' Regular $2.95 Skirts . . .
A .7
Children's Winter Coats y3 OFF g
New Models, Good Fabrics, Sizes 8 to 14 Years
TI'K MOTHER who h is postponed t.'ie purchase ot a coat for her little sirl
until now, ned wait no longer, she car. choose from our splendid stock and
malif a verv substantial saving, to be accurate, rtgulai prices iiave been re-
duced exactly ONH-TIIIF!). -
lier yen will find th. new Mare and belted Myles, some with yokes an I
pat h-pocket.s, made of v dvet, orduroy, cheviots zibelints, plaids, checks ant j
novelty cuatinss; all size, for girls from X to 14 years
Regular $3.45 Skirts
Regular $4.45 Skirts
Regular $4.95 Skirts .
Regular $5.95 Skirtc.
Women's Velvet
and Plush Coats
Reduced
$4.65 COATS FOR.
$4.95 COATS FOR.
$5.45 COATS FOR.
$5.95 COATS FOR.
$6.45 COATS FOR.
Sale of Children s
1.30
$1.64
.$1.97
.$2.30
.$2.97
.$3.30
.$3.97
.$3.10
..$3.30
.$3.64
.$3.97
.$4.30
$6.35 COATS FOR.
$7.45 COATS FOR.
$7.95 COATS FOR.
$8.65 COATS FOR.
.$4.fX
..$5.07
$5.30
.S5.77
$10.45 COATS FOR. .$3.97
r
One-Third miSm
YES, if we can arouse your intere: t
sufficient to cause you to come and s o
the Coats, no further urging 1 ill In!
necessary, the Cents will sc'U tliei.i
btlves. Some are made of heavy quality
black Plush, with large collar and
culls of the same material; others
have cupe collars, and turn-back cuff
cf astrachnn, a wide band of astraeha i
finishes the bottom.
Then (here are coats of splemU'l
quality Velvet, in Iilack, Hrown aid
Green; flare and belted Flylts. vi'h
large collars and cuffs trminied with
lasliioiiabl" fur; sues fur v. omen from
."1 in -in- iii Sale at a reduction of
ONE-THIRD.
Ke. $1
rrr
P.er.
Rec.
$1 1.93 CohIs for.
,7r) (!o;i'3 for.
.95 Cotl-5 fc.
$16.5J Coats ioz .
tfr 1
' '
97
$9.97
I !.C0
Bath Robes
No for a qui.'k clearaway of Chil
dren's Bath Kobes, made of good qual
ity ;; '1 khI weig.'it ciilerdown. in
liyht : id dark colors, pretty patterns;
sizes or children from 4 to 1 yeai-s.
Regiil. r prices reduced ONE-THIRD,
fil'c. K-i.h Robes 4 .. 79c Values for
5cc. i jc Kinds for 64e.
Sanitary OC?r
Nipkins tJcL
WOMEN'S Sanitary Napkins In
sealed oackages of one dozen each, tli
kinds :hat regularly sell for f0c. spe
cially 'iriced for this sale at 35e a
dozen.
Mai's 35c OCU
BIG REMNANT SALE
The "ANNEX" has had a b'g business this sea.-on in piece goods, and
tli -re ha? naturally been quite an accumulation oi rcuiuants, and stunt
le-'gths, these com.ist of Wool Dress Goods. Ginghams. Percales. Outings.
C; lieoes. Domt sties. Table Damask, Laces and Riblwrns; to close thes? out
quickly they will be oMVrcd at 10 per cent less than regular prices.
J
MILLINERY
Reduced to" Half-Price
f .. "WW a "e Positively refuse to mvi
L "CjOjA5; i linery belonging to this seaso
A fy)' C"" ' '"' applies to Cntrimmed Shapes,
XvS -V 'v V Trimmed Hats. Sailors and Ta
7 j ' There's a splendid assortment
!' (i V- to choose, late stvle models in 1
t ) i-v.A .' suable colors, at HALF-PRICE.
Wool Sax
We positively refuse to invoice any Mil
linery belonging to this season and this
as wc'l as
ilored Styles.
from which
black and dc-
$2.45 HATS REDUCED TO. . . .$1.23
$2.9S HATS REDUCED TO $1.48
$3.95 HATS REDUCED TO.... $1.98
$4.45 HAT& REDUCED TO.... $2.23
niir v off
ME.' 'S heavy gray wool Sot 1, at
2 jo a ; Hr, a lot of you men know tin
socks ,.e mean lor you haw bought
tl'.ciil 1 "i-c before this scum n at "" a
pair, 1 it e inlend to make ilum a
feat ii r of i bo January ( It au-l'p Sate
;u I'.ic pair.
Regular 79c Dolls for. . . .GOc
Rc-r 89c Dolls for. . . .f,7c
Ro-ubr $1.25 Dolis for. .94c
Regular $1.50 Dolls for. $1.13
Prices
Re-ular $2.C0 Dolls for. $1.50
Rc.-u!ar $2. 45 Dolls for. $1.84
Regular $3.45 Dolls for. $2.59
Regular $3.95 Dolls for. $2.97
t
4
t THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 4, 1917.
THREE '
A CHA!
r - ; -w -
:TN V;': J
7A JnS 5
s
;H. B. WARNER STARS iSPEGTAGULAR FILM IS
.J!
s r!Lhl air.i cs it .. ... .
IN GIG WAR PICTURE
Noted Film Actor with Enid
Markey Are the Stars in
"Shell 43".
Lcs Lai i.
American midillewt'iphts ar-; clrcio'-lr.!; f-r c t-h -lar!e
t.i this count y. A;::tnp tl:cs? v.: i l'ic j"Vli
Cf t 1 i .sty, Grwrge Ci:'. .-..i L.ktf CibLcs. it U tr.o -ti:.;.:in
Lii the squared a; .:..
..i recent exposure.
ice r.t Los Dairy, the Australian fighter who rerently
.vc';!o I.l.t fo sjj In a scrap with Oarcy :re Jock Dillon,
,ht ;ik:':ytiiat Dillon will be the first tu inoet the Aus-
P EN N SYLVAN I A REGIMENT
RETURNS TO PITTSBURGH.
EL PASO. Jan. 3. The Sixteenth
Pennsylvania of Pittsburgh, command
ed by Colonel George! C. Richards, and
the headquarters of the Second Penn
sylvania brigade with Brigadier Gen-
FCOT SQUARE PAINTING
SELLS FOR $150,000.
NEW YORK, Jan. 3. A portrait of
Leonel.'j d'Este by the famous Flemish
' painter, Roger Van Der Weyden, which
i has been on view in the Metropolitan
i Museum of Arts was sold today by
BUFFALO BILL STILL
IS DANGEROUSLY
ILL.
eral Albert Logan, left here for Penn-; Sir Edgar Spey, its owner, to an art
sylvania late today in order to bt j dealer here for a price said to have
mustered out of the federal service. ! exceeded $150,000.
The guardsmen travelled in three spe-1 The panel is ten by sixteen inches,
ciul trains. and it was pointed out by experts from
! the point of view of size, this is one
TWO ZEPPELINS BURN. -jf the smallest portraits in existence.
LONDON'. Jan. 3 Two Zeppelins portraits by Roger van der Weyden
have been destroyed at Tondern. j are exceedingly rare, only five of them
Schleswig, by a fire due to defective being known to exist.
electric wiring in a recently construct
ed double shed, says a Renter dis
patch from Copenhagen, quoting the
Ribe. Jutland. Stifts Tidende.
, DENVER, Jan. a. Failure to im
prove after a four weeks' illness at
, the home of a sister today resulted in
: ue removal of Colonel William F.
Cody, (Buffalo Bill) fj Glen wood
: Springs, Colorado, in the hope that
' treatment at that resort might aid
him.
! His sister, a nurse, and a physician
accompanied him. His sister intimat-
ed before leaving that she was wor
ried about her brother's condition but
, said he was not "critically ill."
Colonel Cody's physician said that
Virtually nil the accountrements of
modern warfare are used to a greater
or less extent in "Shell 43!" which ap
pears tonight at the Orpheum. and the
spectacular Triangle war drama by C.
Gardner Sullivan, in which Thomas IT.
Ince presents II. B. Warner and Enid
Markey as co-stars. The story deals
with the spy system, as it is believed
to be employed now on the battlefields
.f Europe: hence It wa3 imperative
that in filming- the play absolute accu
racy of detail be maintained through
out. Among the most important pieces of
equipment shown in operation during
the play is the trench periscope. This
novel and highly valuable appartus is
first seen on the screen when the ac
tion of thn story moves lava the
trenches aud dugouts, where Warner
as William Berner, is fulfilling his du
ties as a spy. The instrument is
shown in use by an officer and then is
more clearly explained by a view of
the results of its us 1. e., the reflec
tor clearly mirrors the activities
of the troops in the territory sur
rounding the trenches pnd dugouts.
This unusual bit 'of photography, it is
I said, was obtained only after many
hours of experimentation by Camera-
;man Charles KaufTman.
Another Interesting phase of modern
war methods is offered in the depiction
of the uses of the heliograph, by which
messages are transmitted by the rays
of the sun. This repeatedly is brought
into play in the many successive scenes
which show Warner at the window of
a chateau exchanging queries and re
plies with an aero scout several miles
away.
WRIGHT'S BGOK "THE
EYES OF THE WORLD"
the condition of the famous pioneer ; Armour & Co. have purchased four
J while better than it had been for some large tanneries near Punxsutawney,
Our Want Adds Bring Results i time, still was serious. I Pa., costing over $4,000,000.
Annual January Clearance Sale
Men's Suits and Overcoats at Worth-While Savings
9$
THERE ISNT ANY BACK DOOR to this store's
method of selling or its service to the public. All the
people have equal opportunities to get our newest and
best goods if they read the newspapers and every
one will pay the same price and share alike in any
mark-down from regular selling prices. We do not
extend any special privileges or inducements to any
individual, singly or collectively.
WHENEVER THIS STORE, for any reason Inaugurates a sale
or makes any deviation from Its regular prices or methods of sel
Ing; whenever we make concessions of any kind, they are announced
in the daily papers and every Resident of the Warren District is
invited to participate in whatever advantage or savine the offer
may afford.
THIS JANUARY CLEARANCE SALE of iMen's and Young Men's
Suits and Overcoats is to be a profit distribution time for us and a sav
ing time for YOU. These unusual price reductions are made with a.
definite idea of clearing out remaining winter styles and giving you the'
goods you want at a time when you need them most at very : SUB
STANTIAL SAVINGS and, incidentally add to our list of friends and
patrons who have helped to place this store high in your estimation.
Blues and Blacks Not Included
$1295
n 62
For Choice
of Men's
$15.00 and
$18.50
SUITS and
OVERCOATS
Men's Sweaters
Off Regular Prices
WITH THHKE months of cold
weather ahead, this Sale of Men's
Sweaters at a reduction of ONE
FOl'RTH less than regular prices,
presents an opportunity for you to
provide yoursell with warmer outer
garments that will protect you from
Winter's cold-si blast, and make a
worth while saving. There are Sweat
err, in a variety of styles, including
Rough Necks, Shawl Collars and V
Necks, in white, cardinal, navy, gray,
niar'vm. oxford and tan.
$3.50 SWEATERS for $2.65
$4.00 SWEATERS for $3.00
$4.50 SWEATERS for $3.35
$5.C0 SWEATERS for $3.75
$6.C0 SWEATERS for $4.50
$7.50 SWEATERS for $5.65
$8.50 SWEATERS for $6.35
$10.00 SWEATERS for$7.50
For Choice
of Men's
$20.00 and
$22.50
SUITS and
OVERCOATS
. ' "
1 s Isiiiiiiiil
Ui'n r'n'il
Noted California Author's
Story Has Been Filmed and
Will Appear in Bisbee, Be
ginning on January 11.
Two or three years ago Ilat'.dd
Bell Wright, the most popular of liv
ing writers, whose ci;;ht romances in
cluding "The Shepherd of the Hills",
"The Winning of Riirhiira Worth",
etc.. have had a total sate of nearly
eight million copies, added to his gal
axy of best sellers ' The Eyes of the
World".
This story of adventure and romance
in the cities and mountains of South
ern California has been put into elabor-
f.te pictorial form for the theatre by
the Clnne Film Producing company,
and the announcement is made that
the production will be shown in this
city at the Orpheum theatre on Jjn.
11. 12 and 13.
For six months past the entire re
sources of the great Clnne Studio in
Los Angeles have been concentrated
on the elaborate filming of Wright's
story. It is promised for this work
that it is the finest translation of a
current popular romance ever prepar
ed for the screen. It i3 in t -n sec
tions and consumes an entire after
noon or evening in its showing. The
scenario for the work was prepared by
the noted author himself, who also
gave his personal assistance to the
day-by-day work of interpreting his
characters for the production.
Wright's novel contains much Jf the
materia! out of which successful mo
tion pictures are made arid it is pro
mised that the photographs which
form the background of the lilui ver
sion compose a magnificent panorama
of the outdoor glories of Southern
California.
Among the well remembered people
of the story are Willard, the convict;
Oakley, the forest ranger; Sybil, the
mountain girl: Mrs. Taine, the fashion
able siren, who attempts to snare the
artist. King; Mr. Taine, the wealthy
roue; Rutlidge, the bull-necked art
critic; Myra Willard, the scarred vic
tim of the vitriol thrower, and Le
grange, the cynical author-friend 'of
the artist.
"The eyes of the World" has an
elaborate musical score.
PUEBLO MAY PURCHASE
TOPEKA LEAGUE TEAM
For Choice
of Men's
$25.00 and
$27.50
SUITS and
OVERCOATS
For Choice
of Men's
Regular
$30.00
SUITS and
OVERCOATS
..pjncU 1916
The liiaue ot Kuppraheimcf
B
Suits
ols, Norfolk
At Reductions -4 OFF ear Prices
THE BOYS' CLOTHES included in this sale embrace those sterling attributes of superior STYLE and
excellent Ql'AMTY and are offered at Ravings that mean real economy. For the buying of stylifh,
wort'iful clothing at a FOURTH OFF regular prices, typifies none other than true economy.
THE ASSORTMENT is much larger than we wisli it at this season of the year, and so the prices are cut
to help find new owners for such good clothes. Bring the boy in today and let us fit him out with a new
suit at a saving of $1.25 to $2.50.
Boys' $5.00 Suits for $3.75
Boys' $6.00 Suits for $4.50
Boys' $6.50 Suits for $4.85
Boys $7.50 Suits for $5.65
Boys' $8.50 Suits for $6.35
Boys' $10.00 Suits for $7.50
RITA JOLIVET LEADS
IN ROYALPHOTOPLAY
Morosco Star Is Brilliant Suc
cess in Latest Release "The
International INlarriage'V
"The International Marriage", fea
turing Rita Jolivet. which appears at
the Royal Coday. is as follows:
Bennington Brent, the laundry king
uses the phrases of the trade to
shrewdly express his observations.
His beautiful daughter, . Florence
Brent, being of another generation, re
flects the finish or as Brent expresses
it, "the satin gloss" of wealth and
elegance.
Congressman John Oglesby, her
chum from childhood, is a handsome
y'oung . statesman and a prominent
member of the National Assembly.
Florence visits her chum, Eleanor
Williamson, who lives In Washington,
and meets Eleanor's fiance. Count
Krinburg.
The Duke of Buritz. a fellow coun
tryman of the Count, endeavors to cor
rupt Oglesby for international political
reasons. But he fails in his estimate
of the man.
The Duke, who is the embassador
from his country at the American cap
ital, is introduced to Florence by the
Count, on whom she has made a great
impression. The attentiveuess of the
Count to Florence leads to the break- j
ing of her engagement by Eleanor !
Williamson, but having inherited an ,
estate, the Count feels independent of
international marriages.
The blase attitude of the Duke Is
changed to deep and sudden interest
by Florence's beauty and charm. Flor-1
ence Brent in turn is dazzled by this ;
foreign nobleman of Royal blood. I
The Duke is so entranced that he
pi'jposes to and is accepted by Flor-;
ence. He departs for his country to ,
arrange for the wedding. He meets ,
with the opposition of his family but ,
prevails upon them to invite Florence
to Buritz.
Because of his love, for Florence. I
John Oglesby accedes to her father's j
request and goes aht'oad with the I
Brents.
The Duke is playing a desperate
game to overcome the obstacles in the
way of his marriage to Florence and
as plan after plan fails be forces
Florence into a tangled situation.
The subtle deception of the Duke
and Count is discovered and shown up
by Oglesby, who solves the seemingly
impossible tangle in a masterly way.
DE FACTOS TAKE CANNON
MEXICO CITY. Jan. 3. The var de
partment announced tonight that the
artillery captured by Francisco Villa
in his occupation of Chihuahua had
been recaptured by General Eduanfb
Hernandez in lighting around La Jun
ta, Chihuahua.
Minister of War Obregon left for
Queretaro today. Charles B. Parker,
charge d'affairs of the American em
bassy, will leave for there tomorrow.
(Special to the Ri-i. w)
LINCOLN', NVi., Jan. John Sav
age, owner of the Topeka iranriiise
in th- Western Li'ii.-ue, conferred
here tonight with I'r -: i lent '. - U
riltis of the league on tin a IvWahilily
of transferring the lull front Ti.pe'.-.T I
to I'm L!o, Colo. S:.i':-!i?c saul action '
Will he taken by i-oimnerr ial bodies
in Piiebli wiilan a week looking to
acquiring a franchise and if favorable
he will probably make the change. If
Toneka wished to retain the club he
was willitig t.o Kfil
Are you nervous? Do yru
have Headache? Are jrou
wearing the right kind of
Glasses?
Dr. R. GLAZE, Neurologist,
10 and II Maze Building.
Phone 1 56.
ELEVEN ARE KILLED IN
SCOTLAND TRAIN WRECK.
j l:r.lNI:ri!0.. Jun. 3.--EI.".n per
sons Were k'lh-d and rUrty injured to
i(ia when a tiuin loaded with persons
'returning to Ed'iiburg afier the new
'year holiday, collided with a switch
'tMgine 10 milt s outside the cilr.
I
HOME, SWEET HOME!
Do You Own Your Own
Home?
Am offering choice building
lots with detail drawings and
plan of an inexpensive house,
having three rooms, but with
the space of four. Many built
in conveniences and large
screen porch, and with all, a;
bed-room undisturbed if you
chance to be on night shift.
We offer cur usual Loan
plan on this house and lot.
.W.Wallace
Main Street.
Pure
Sweet
Cider
85c a
Gallon
J. B. Angius
Pure - Food Grocery
Phone 29
I
WJKj24 Hours ; J
Bnear cftxrmtrrfnU
Have th
Arizona Junk Co.icity park tailors
We buy all kinds of Junk.
Phone 690.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicit Your
Patronage
FHONE 53
make your next suit 3000 pat
tern to pick from. Under new
city park, Bisbee.
lO. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop,
j Opposite Depot Ambulance
Watkins & Bergquist
Quality Jewelers
The Best Opticians
The HALLMARK Store
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 50c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $35;
$9 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co..
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
GOOD MECHANICS
like to wotk with our cement,
lime and other building mater
ials. They take pride in their
work and make a better job of
it. You get a better building la
every way and at a really less
co?t than when inferior ma
terials are employed. Have us
make an estimate on the mater
ials for your r.ext Job.
Bisbee Lumber Company. im
EMIL MARKS. Mgr.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE 25. FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 4, 1917.
-sS'tabsii Daily uustf
Published Every Day Except Monday by the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 3, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable in Advance:
PER MONTH -"5
THREE MONTHS 2.25
SIX MONTHS 00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter 75
N Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
PHONE NO. 39.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor if any irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Thursday Morning, January 4, 1917
BOOTLEGGING IN BISBEE.
The City Council Is entitled to commendation for its
action in providing an ordinance aimed at the overthrow
of the bootlegger and thereby equipping the authorities
with a legal weapon which can be used effectually in en
forcing the prohibition statute. This is, we believe, the
mo3t constructive piece of civic legislation taken by any
municipality in Arizona since the State went "dry." It
surely furnishes Indubitable proof that Mayor Adams and
his colleagues are sincere in their efforts to bring about
law enforcement, and that they are in entire sympathy
with the police powers upon whom devolve the arduoift
task of apprehending law-breakers.
The new ordinance will vitalize the prohibition amend
ment as nothing else has done. In its absence, there
would have been a lophole through which offenders
might crawl, successfully defying the police to follow.
Doubtless criticism will be heard in some quarters that
the City Council by its act has opened the door for the
invasion of personal rights. Such criticism will be voicd
or endorsed solely by those who have not yet come to
their senses; who continue to speak flippantly of The
prohibition amendment and regard offenses against it
lightly.
i The City Council takes the position that the statute
means just what it says. This is the position that shoul.l
be taken by every law-abiding citizen. The City Council
believes it is a duty to uphold a literal interpretation of
the law, and the new ordinance is a generous contribu
tion to such interpretation.
i Phohibition a piore drastic legal brand than has been
adopted in any state in the Union is no more than on
trial in Arizona. We believe that the trial should be so
fair and square that none can assail the verdict. We be
speak success for it; The Bisbee ordinance is squarely
in keeptng with a fair trial.
THE BALLOT INSPECTION.
One of the most demoralizing phases of the ballot in
spection in Phoenix has to do with unwarranted ind
therefore uncorroborated reports of the count. These
Lave the effect of raising false hopes, of breeding or
increasing bitterness among those who are taking a ki-eu
partisan interebt in the gubernatorial contest, and there
fore making it less easy to bring about a much-needed
reconciliation between all voters In Arizona when the
issue is decided.
The fact is lost sight of by too many thoughtless per
sons that the object of the ballot inspection is soiely in
formative; that it will establish nothing more and nothing
less than that a contest is warranted or unwarranted. For
the sake of illustration, let us assume that the inspection
as far as it has progressed, apparently proves that Hun:
lias received a majority of votes. Hunt, nevertheless,
would have to seek redress through a contest because
Campbell, and Campbell alone, has been legally recog
nized and legally installed as the Governor of Arizona.
Patrons of the Review have been impatient for com
plete returns on the inipcction. We therefore gladly
take advantage of the following explanation pnblisiicd
in The Arizona RciublicHU, whose reporters are on the
tsccne of action and qualified to secure all the latest de
velopments at first hand:
"Readers of the newspapers of Phoenix and Arizona
complain that they cannot depend upon the papers fur
news of the results of the inspection of the ballots in the
governor's contest. The complaint is well .grounded, but
the newspapers are not to blame and nobody is to blame
lor the paucity of information. With equally as great
reason the stockholders of a mine might complain at an
early stage of the development, work that it had not
shown the wealUi of the property.
"There is a general uiisuudcrstauding regarding ih-.-inspection
which, as wc have taken occasion to say, is
Uot really a 'part of the contest, Init is ouly preparatory
to it. Nothing accomplished by the inspection hoards is
binding, and nothing the boards accomplish is necessarily
deteruiiuative. The boards pass upon nothing.
'fThcy-check Hie work of the election boards and (lib
'cover whether errors were made by those boards. Many
errors, (hough not .so many as were expected, have been
luund with the inspection about huif completed. LAuy
j-uch discovery means u'g.un or a lose for the contct.iaui
or the cuutc:ilcc. The iifcurtb thus compiled by the clcil.a
of the iu-poctioii Lojrd,. II tUvy asn.u j- to ll.o tallies.
kept by each of the clerks cf any board will probably bo
accepted by the court as final. But nothing else doue by
the inspection boards can be final or, as we have said,
even indicative.
''The inspectors cause certain ballots known as dis
puted ballots, to be laid aside for determination by the
courts. Some of these ballots favor Governor Hunt ar.a
some favor Mr. Campbell. As to how these ballots will
be finally counted every citizen of Arizona knows just
as much as the members of the inspection boards.
"All sorts of rumors are carried out of the inspection
rooms. Some of them are without any foundation and
some of them are based on misunderstood information.
Messrs. Wood and Plunkett, of one of the "boards, parti
sans of the governor, have issued a statement in whidi
they claim that the governor has made a net gain of SS
votes. But they afford no detailed information on the
subject, and no one beside themselves know how -hey
arrived at these figures.
"The republican central committee, on the other hand,
has published a table showing the official vote of Hunt
and Campbell in every county whose ballots have so far
been inspected; the table shows also the votes allowed
the contestee and the contestant in the same counties.
With this information it is easy to determine the gains or
losses of the candidates. It is shown that Hunt has
made a net gain as follows: In Maricopa 1; Graham 14;
Pima 4, and Yavapai 5. Campbell's net gains are as fol
lows: Mohave 11; Coconino 1; Yuma 5, and in Apache,
whose inspection l as not yet been completed, 6. Thus
the total net gains of Hunt so far are 24, and the n?t
gains of Campbell 3.
"NoV, that is as much as anybody knows or can knov.
There is a mass of disputed ballots laid aside at the
suggestion of one set of inspectors or the other, but a
we have observed, any one of our readers is as good a
guesser as either Sir. Wood or Mr. Plunkett, at the ulti
mate fate of these ballots.
"We trust we have made' it clear why the newspapers
have not printed the story of the result of the in?pec
tion."
, , ARREST!
IPLOiT'OF
I CO FO
ZONE RATE FOR 'MAGAZINES.
The post office till before congress contains a clause
providing for the establishment of zone rates for postage
on publications. This is a matter that affects news
papers very little but affects magazines very much. And
as the Engineering News remarks, if it is retained, the
measure might properly be labeled "A Bill to Suppress
Publications of a National Character."
The provision is inspired by the cost of shipping
periodicals long distances. With so many bulky mag
azines circulating throughout the country, no doubt the
expense of the longest shipments is an important fartor.
It is easy to exaggerate, it, however. As the Engineering
News points out, ary estimate of the cost based on mile
age would be fallacious, because with mail matter ever,
more than with freight, "Uie great clement in the cost of
carriage is not the hauling overthe road but the terminal
expense." That is to say, the collecting, sorting, dis
patching and delivering of a piece of .mail matter are
more important expense than the "distance.
The chief consideration, however, is that of public wel
fare, broadly considered. And certainly if a zone rate
would seriously hamper the circulation of national pub
lications, public policy demands that there be no zone
rate.
"The journals that will be seriously affected are those
which know no sectional distinction or boundaries the
very journals whose circulation should be encouraged by
every statesman who understands the great importance
of national unity.
"A great influence has been exerted on the national
development during the past half century by the journals
devoted to literature, to science and the arts, to the pro
fessions and the industries.- Doubtless the congress
men who framed this bill have no conception of wiiat it
will mean to substitute journals of a sectional character
in place of the national journals that have been so im
portant a feature of American public life."
There should be an immediate, universal protest
against any such action.
SMUGGLING
Burns, Mexican Consul Gen
eral, Believed to Be Ship
ping Arms to Mexico for
Months From New York.
SMUGGLED GUNS AS
'BUILDING MATERIAL'
Bursting of Box at Vera Cruz
Exposes Conspiracy Sus
pected Consul Pleads That
He Is Innocent.
GRABBING NIAGARA AGAIN.
Another Niagara Falls power grab seems to be under
way. Congress is considering a resolution for the diver
sion by private manufacturing concerns of all the addi
tional water that our treaty with Canada permits.
It may be that "grab" is too strong a word for it, al
though the psist history of Niagara as a power-source
naturally suggests such a characterization. It is prom
ised that no more power will be given away without a
provision for compensation to L'im l'nitcd States. Com
pensation happens to be a little detail usually ovcrlookul
in such grants. Perhaps it is too much, even now, with
our new public attitude toward national resources, to hope
that the nation will get anywhere near what the gilt Is
worth.
The esthetic consideration, too, should not be over
looked. Every time additional water is diverted there
is an alarm lest the beauty of the falls be ruined. It
should be definitely determined what the rcsuK should
be in this case1.
And while congress is dealing with (lie question, why
not consider a proposal made last year by a celebrated
engineer, to thauge the whole system of handling the
talis, and make it fully adaptable for both utility and
beauty? The idea is to let all the water ruu over the
falls in the daylight hours, and dhcrt it all lor uiaru
fucturing purposes a( night when nubody's looking.
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, Jan. 3 The arrest
here today by federal officers of
Juan T. Burns, consul general at
New York for the de fscto govern
ment in Mexico, disclosed an al
leged conspiracy in which five
Mexicans, including Burns, are
charged in three indictments with
shipping arms into Mexico in vio
lation cf President Wilson's em
bargo proclamation of October,
1915, and with evasion of customs
regulations.
Another "Leak"
According to Assistant 1".. S. Dis
trict Attorney John C. Knox, tederal
agents first became aware of the al
leged plot last November when a pack
age shipped from New York on beard
the Ward Line steamship Erperanza
and manifested as containing "building
material" fell on the docn at Vera
Cruz and broke open, revealing cart
ridges as its contents. Investigations
by federal agent3 disclosed that the
L'jx, shipped presumably by a Pitts
burg; Hardware company, had been
forwarded from this port by a firm
known as the Adic Company, composed
of Louis Gotting and Wenislau Mont.
The manifest in which the box was
entered in customs' records was sigued
by John Gelpi, who, investigation
proved IV be Jose de la Paz, an em
ploye of the firm.
Shipments Numerous.
Further investigation revealed, ac
cording to Mr. Knok. that other ship
ment of cartridges had been made from
New York under the guise of ma
chinery. Some of these shipments, he
said, were sent to Galveston on board
the steamer Neches 'of the Mallory
Line, the Galveston shipments being
marked in care of R. Miere. Three
weeks ago Gotting, Mont and de'la
Paz were arrested here by federal
agents. Reuben Miere was arrested
at Houston, Texas.
Burns Paid Money?
The implication of Consul General
Burns came, Mr. Knox' said, when in
vestigations revealed that the money
to pay for thin ammunition hud come
from him. One Kt the counts in the
indictment mentions in this connec
tion advancing by Burns of $r,'o(t. A
considerable quantity of the ammi'ui
iion found here and at Galveston has
been seized by the federal officers and
is held as evidence against the ac
cused. ;
Consul "Innocent?"
Burns protested his innocenre and
entered a plea of ot guilty. He was
released on a bond Vf $10,000 which
he furnished in cash. Later Burn,
said:
"I am entirely innocent of any wrong
doing. I have not made any attempt
to buy arms here to be shipped to
Mexico and I cannot see how 1 can
j possibly be connected with any such
charge as has been brought."
MEXICAN CONSTITUTION
IS SOFT FOR DEPUTIES.
The Ili'itish lioard of Trade has issued an order limit
ing ceremonious evtuing dinners to three courses, and
ordinary meal: to two courses. Uut it's easy to beat that
game. What's to prevent anybody from puMiug every,
thiug he vauts oil the tabic ul once, in the good old laoh
ioucd America'! stylo?
QrERETAKO. Mcx., Jan. 3. The
constitutional assembly today ratilied
jthe paragraph in the new constitution
1 providing for the direct election of
It he house of deputies and providing
.that there shrill be an alternative for
each senator. It is provided that depu
ties and senators may not be called to
account for opinions expressed in the
discharge of their duties. Deputies
and senators may not hold any other
I federal or state position, except by
permission of congress.
The assembly voted to declare the
islands of Guadalupe, La Pasion and
Kevillagigeiido in the 1'aeilie, terri
torial possessions. This action was
taken in order to avoid future com
plications. It was voted to leave the
srites free to establish their own
penal institutions.
OIL KING DIES.
TITI'SYILLL, Pa , Jan. o. Colonel
John C. Carter, one of the most widely
ktiovn oil men in the l'nitcd plates,
died today at the home of his daughter,
.Mrs. Hugh llerndou. at Pcllum Manor.
N. Y.. aci'.irding to word received at
his ho, ne here. Colonel Carter was
iurineily president ol the Carter Oil
company ol sistersv ille. W. Ya.. and
was a lich gate I10111 IYiius Uauia to
three national tuim-uliuub ol the lie
publKuU parly.
"CALL THE WAGON 1"
PyERlNKE!mOFF.
III 1 1 -gy
i ',',. ,; i, -.vT . v . , :-y"i fijf-j'-r , I I I I
Urv Vw.'' :V'A' ,
-V ' '-. --: -i.V. v '. : .- - .
US".. ; V Vv V:i:-?'
X-iiii'lHi"
h vTfV:
Mil
VSIftT SUM ft? AR V I '
i V
I
I
The period of comparative cairn
which has existed on al! the baiile
iroiits for some time except in Uu
:i;uuia, continues, lu no theatre aside
lroiu Ramania has an iinporiaiii. en
gagement ta;en place, the activity
very where being carried out by means
of the artillery and by small patrol
parties.
iu Kumania the Teui'Jiiic allies have
jnoii.er considerable success ' in the
.apture in northern ivobrudja of tiie
towns of Matchin and Jijila, forcing
the Russians to a point just south ol
the Uauube where the river bends and
separates Dobruuja from Bessarabia.
in Moldavia and northern Wailachia
the invaders are keeping up their
gains both northward and eastward of
the Transylvania Alps reg.'Jn. At sev
?ral points in the center of the lines
.n northern Wailachia, however, tho
itvssians and Rumanians are tenaci
ously fighting to hold them back, and
according to Petrograd, in the region
of Focsani and near the river Rimnik
the Teutonic allies were defeated, the
defenders taking sevej-al villages and
capturing six odicers. H05 men. live
rannon and eight machine guns.
On the western front lively artillery
duels are in progress in Belgium and
du several sectors in the region of
v'erdun. On the Austro-Italian front
bombardments alone have taken place.
There is still no news concerning the
operations in Macedonia.
x5trlin reports that since the begin
ning of the war entente warships of
i total tonnage of 759,4:50 tons, not In
cluding auxiliaries and special type
ships, have been sunk.
With Money
That's the way wealth has been gained ever since the
world started.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is making money for you with the four per cent
interest which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT
GROW!
Citizens Bank & Trust Company
Main Street Blbe Arinna
Will E. McKee, President C A. McDonald, Cashier.
O. W. Wolf, Assistant Cashier.
if-
m
SAN FRANCISCO BOMB
CASES ARE RESUMED
(!y Iteview Lcas-d Wire!
SAN I'KANCISCO. Jan. .".An all
d;iy session in Hie superior court to
day resulted in tin- temporary selec
tion 01 six jurors to sit in the trial
of Thomas J. M'vwy, charged with
murder in connection with a bomb ex
p.Vsion here July T2, during a prepar
edness p;. rude, when ten persons were
killed and forty injured. A complete
jury was not expected before the end
of the week.
W. Cochran, the New York attorney,
is chief counsel for the defense. From
tile character of questions asked of
prospective jury men it was indicated
that be lore- being acceptable to t;-e de
fense they fdiall have a liliewl attitude
and understanding of the meaning jf
anarchism.
LMurd Nolan, a iiu' hiui;t: Krcal
Inciters, a chaulleur. and Mr.-, frcua
Moeticj, also are limb r indictment. lr
minder in the boi,il a.es and will be
a i d lali r. Warnn K. JJilliugb. the
lin t ol the defeudaut;. to be tried, was
convicted recently and sentenced to
life imprisonment.
mihiif EwiMUHirnkHi! nil
YOU PLAN WELL
FOR THE NEW YEAR
Prudent is the person who locks ahead and
plans well for the new year who maps
out the course of safety and pursues it.
Your account is invited.
4'" Interest Paid on
Time Deposits.
V
n
Your attention is especially directed to
the importance of saving and depositing a
portion df each earned dollar in the Dank.
Make the start NOW in our Savings
Department.
Bank with us.
FRENCH DENY BATTLESHIP
I VERIfE IS TORPEDOED.
I 'A K IS. Jan. :'..'! lie ministry of
marine says the report ti at tlie I're'ieh
battleship Write lias been toipedoe.l
by a. t ubmariue uear Malta is absolute
ly ;aUu.
V
v
v
V
V-
c
i THE BiSBEE DAILY REViEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 4, 1917.
FIVE
''I
. 5
' 3
1
5
4
4
3
-j
.2
PEACE NOTE DEBATE
PERMITS LODGE TO
. FLAYBERNSTORFF
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON', Jan. 3. After an
other debate on Senator Hitchcock's
resolution to have the Senate endorse
President Wilson's peace note, dur
ing which Senator Lodge attacked the
German ambassador. Count von Bern
storff, for having made a public state
ment approving it, the Senate today
again deferred action and will take up
the question again tomorrow.
Senator Lodge's open mention of
the German ambassador's name,
which the senator said lie knew was
contrary to unwritten rules of Senate
P9ceedlngs, was the sensation of a
speech in which the senator declared
that although he accepted in full laith
President Wilson's statement that the
note was in no way suggested by nor
associated with the peace proposal ot
the German allies, nevertheless he
believed such statements as the Ger
man ambassador's . had added to the
opinion that the note was timed and
designed to aid Germany in making
the peace terms she desires.
On the ground that the Senate as
the only legislative body in the world
having a voice in international rela
tions should move slowly and not take
any action which might afterward be
.come of account to one set of "bellig
erents. Senator Lodge led the opposi
tion to the resolution in which he was
supported by other Republicans,
among them Senator Gallinger, the
Republican leader, and Senator Bor
ah. Senator Hitchcock led the fight for
his resolution in which he was sup
ported by Senator Smith of Georgia in
the contention that an endorsement
of the President's note was no more
than an act in the interest of humani
ty. When the Senate resumes the de
bate tomorrow that body will have be
fore it a sub-resolution by Senator
Gallinger which merely would say:
"That the Senate of the United
State in the interests of humanity
and civilization expresses the sincere
hope that peace between the warring
nations of Europe may be consuru1
mated at an early date."
The ,Hitchcock resolution would
say:
"That the Senate approves and
strongly endorses the action taken by
the President is sending the. diplomat
ic notes of December IS to the na
tions now engaged in war suggesting
and recommending that those nations
state the terms upon which peace
might fbe discussed." . ,
Senator Lodge insisted tocay that
the Hitchcock resolution called .upon
the Senate to endorse all of the Pres
ident's note, which he contended goes
far beyond any proposition merely to"
trihg the belligerents together. It
would project congress, he declared,
into European politics, overturning a
policy of years standing and by in
volving the United States in Europe
an politics, necessarily would involve
politics in the eastern hemisphere
with those of the western hemisphere
in controversy of the Monroe Doctrine
"If misinterpretation of the note is
general," he 'said, "then we are in
danger, without abatement or modifi
cation of the constitution of stating to
the whole world that the Senate or
congress are ransing themselves on
the side of one belligerent in an -attempt
to bring about peace.
"It will be observed that the Presi
dent found it necessary to state that
he was embarrassed in making the
proposition, as it might appear that
he was influenced by the step taken
by Germany, but a short time previ
ous. "The President said his note was in
r.o way associated with the German
note. Unfortunately a different -interpretation
has been placed upon the
note, both abroad and here at home.
Otherwise, it could hardly be coining
at the moment that it did.
"If Mr. Lansing's statement, made
a Tow hours' after the President's
note was sent, and in wliii-h the dan
gerous position of the United Slates
was pointed out is true, no sounding
out of the belligerents is necessary.
"The next morning, however, a sec
ond explanation of the President's
note was offered by Mr. Lansing. How
far this second explanation went in
explaining the purpose of the Presi
dent's note, I will have to leave to
others more ingenious, than myself to
figure out."
Senator Lodge declared he believed
that the Lansing statement bad some
purpose, and' declared if the purpose
of the note was to inform the world
that the United States had a direct
interest that was bringing this coun
try to the verge of war. then the note
was justified in form and substance.
WILL RUSH LAW TO 'FRISCO BUILDS WAR 'HERE'S ONE KIND
UUiWEL RAILWAY j "SUBS" HJK CANADA OF PEACE GERMANY
MEN TU ARBITRATE1 j WiLL NOT ACCEPT
House to Put It Through Be
fore Senate Vigorous Op
position Due from Brother
hoods of Trainmen.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3. Railroad
legislation desired by President Wil
son to supplement the Adamson law
is to be pressed in the House without
waiting tor action by the Senate. Al
ter a conference with the President
today, and while the Senate commit
tee was continuing its hearings on the
subject. Representative Adamson,
chairman of the House commerce com
mittee, announced that within a few
days he would introduce and seek
the passage of bills designed to pre
vent railroad employes Horn striking
w itbout giving sixty aays notice and
to empower the President to place
tied-up roads in the hands of the mili
tary authorities in case of public ne
cessity. It has been understood that
the President wanted the lailrcad
problem presented as amendments to
Mr. Newlands' bill.
(By Review Leased Wire)
SAN r kaaCisCu, jan.' a. duiia
ing of subiuaiine pans at Uie Union
iron Works in Saa trancisco ana
their subsequent snipmeiit to Canaua
where tney were assemuied for Great
Britain and her allies, was oescnoea
in the United btates uistrict court to
day by John A. McGregor, presiuent
of the Union iron vons, testifying
tor the detense in tne trial ot r rauj
Bopp, German consul general and oth
ers accused of neutrality violations.
McGregor was tailed to sunstan
tiala testimony of Bopp that consu
late detectives weie hired to seek in
formation on submarine construction
and war munition shipments to the
entente iowers, and not tor dynamit
ing journeys, as alleged by tue government.
(By Review Leased Wire)
AMSTERDAM, via London, Jan. 3.
The Frankfurter Zeilung, a copy of
MEAT ALONE DROPS
IN PRICE IN 1916
OTHER FOODS SOAR
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3 Food prices.
j advancing throughout the year took j
ALLIES' REFLY TO
WILSON TO DEFINE
TERMS ACCEPTABLE
i
which has been received here, discus
sing "peace terms which Germany
will not accept," says:
"If peace terms are concluded to-
ing Constantinople, the Balknns, Ga
licia and the parts of Prussia inhabit
ed by Poles. Fiance must renounce
Alsace-Lorraine and Serbia must give
up the idea of taking over the south
eastern Dart of Austrta-Hunearv. The
McGregor said his company, a sub-; entente povrers must aeree to Iurnisn
sidiary of the Bethlehem Steel Cor-1 certam guarantees and make certaln ,
poration, had secured the suomanne j tronti,,r rectification on behaif of
contracts lrom the Electric Boat j G,.rmany and her allies, especially in I
Con-pany. He said the original plau j t . soutneas, r,rpn. retain
a Rur per cent jump from October
15 to Uovember 15, as shown in tables
prepared today by the bureau of labor
statistics. Beef alone, of all the
staple foods, grew cheaper. Hani, ba-
day the entente allies must renounce a'bout the m ' ' .
all their plans for conquest and Rus- j potatoes made the greatest price
sia must give up her idea of conquer-' sain, rising 21 per cent in thirty days:
eggs ana nour went up u per cent;
beans 11 per cent; lard 10 per cent;
(Special to The Review)
LONDON, Jan. 3. Router's TeI--graph
Company tonight publishes the
following concerning t!ie r ply of the
entente allies to President Wilson's
recent note suggesting that the b "Hig
erents state tht ir terms of peace:
"The document is still undergoing
slieht modification of the draft and
will not be published until a day or
two after it is in the hands of the
President.
"The note will be more positive
than the reply to Cermany and is ex
pected to indicate in more precise
fashion the only preliminaries upon
which the allies are prepared to ne
gotiate. In again going over the
ground of the responsibility for the
war it is likely that the allies will
emphasize the only possible terms for
peace, thus contrasting sharply the
German note, which purposely was of
a negligible character."
Munition plant jf S. A. Woods Ma-
chine Co. at South Boston will close
down this week, throwing 400 men out
1 of employment. Work on shell cases
for Russia has been finished.
! Duties collected on &ods imported
: at Boston in 1916 will approximate
' $9,300,000, compared with $9,360,000 in
! 1915 and $11.2S1,2S3 in 1914.
meal 8 per cent. j
A special table devoted to prices in i
New Vork City shows big increases
during the year. Potatoes led with a
price increase of 103 per cent. Two
articles declined in price: pork 20 per
cent and rice one per cent.
GERMANY WILL ANSWER
ALLIES' PEACE CRITICISM.
F" Tl l-,';;"?" .Piiwm.J uii i
to build the submarines in San Fran
cisco was abandoned at the sugges
tion of Wm. J. Bryan, then secretary
of state.
The witness then told of construct
ing fittings and working ' parts of
must, perhaps, even grant freedom of
the seas."
Mr. Adamson also will press his j eiht wr ten gubmarines in San
proposea special ru.e, now in uie j Francisco, and shipping the parts in I f ,bp , ' , ' " .". ,A ",,. " - ' ,
House rules committee for Immediate ' .. 1 - , ror the last l- ears would collapse, from Amsterdam.
uouse runs uiuumin! lur Jiumt-uiuie bQ targ iQ lceTS an(j Company in 1
LONDON, Jan. 3 It is reported
! from Berlin that Germany will short-
The newspaper atuls that after ly issue an explanatory note to the
such a peace or perhaps before its neutral powers in connection with cei
conclusion, the entente will be badiy j tain statements in the entente reply
rent and the whole system on which to the German peace proposals, says
the European policy has been built a dispatch to the Central News Agency
V?-. -.' - - - II.
nnciicraHnn rt hie racnlntinn In u v. I
tend the life of the Newland's rail
road investigation commission for one
year. The life of this commission
w ill expire next Monday .unless it is
extended. Objection by Representa
tive Rayburn of Texas, today blocked
unanimous consent for consideration
of the resolution.
Montreal.
"There was no secret about it,"
said McGregor.
J. S. Tynan, general manager and
vice-president of the San Francisco i
plant, was in charge of the assem- i
biing. I
McGregor said he had ' conferred ;
REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF
The Bank of Bisbee
At Eisbee, in the State of Arizona, at the close of business December 27, 1916.
RESOURCES
Three New York Stock Exchange
wattt were ported fr transfer Thurs
day at $72.0m each, a decline of $1o;pu
from high of the year. Three uAjre
seats were ported for sale.
John Hancock Mutual Life insur
ance Co. has purchased land on Brook
iue avenue, Biton, ami will erect a
new headquarters buildiug to cost
over ? l.uoo.ow).
' with Robert Lansing, then counsellor !
Vigorous opposition to the proposed ; of tne Btate ripnartnien, ln Washing-1
compulsory notice measure from or- j ton ,n 19H and whie Mr j Loans and Discounts, less due from Directors - 1,65S.432.5S
ganized labor generally is expected. , .,,, Mp(rpftr .. tti,hin his Due from Directors None
overdrafts 4,132. S!)
ne auvistuj SMe County and Municipal Bonds 106,119.57
I Other Bonds, StocKS, Securities, etc 131. 771. 63
Brotherhood officials are expected
here within the next few days to tes
tify before the Senate committee and
it is expected that they will start the
fight on Adamson proposals. Action
on the entire bill in conference then
will be prompt it is argued.
John W. Chambers of the federal
board of mediation and arbitration,
testified today before the Senate com
mittee. Judge Chambers without giving his
views of the merits of the proposed
compulsory arbitration suggested that
congress should amend the law to em
power congress to force awards under
it.
i rights in manufacturing submarines
for belligerent powers,
against it.
C. C. Crowley, co-defendant, and
chief detective for the consulate, was
cross-examined today by John Pres
ton, U. S. District Attorney, concern
ing Crowley's previous statement that
he had been offered immunity to tes
tify against Bopp, and others.
"Do you mean to say I offered you
immunity?" asked Preston.
Banking House, Furniture and Fixtures
Real Estate ,
Current -Expenses and Taxes paid
Specie
, Legal Tender and National Bank Notes
i Exchanges for Clearing...
: Other Cash items
; Due from State and National Banks,
' Approved Rerserve Agents 701.2S4
; uue lrom state and .National Banks,
35.306.03
5,2?2.29
1,132.20
S5.94g.00
26.560.00
908.64
83
"You know you did," shouted Crow- j
not Reserve Agents 43,129.47
894,310.79
ley.
MURGUIA IS STILL
PURSUING VILLISTAS
The prosecutor answered:
"Crowley, you know you are lying."
McNAMARA STRIKES AND
GOES TO PRISON DUNGEON.
Assets noi inciuaea unoer a Dove Heads, viz:
Mexican Money Gold Value ' 129,157.14
New Safe Deposit Boxes 477. SS
Total $3,016,113.02
LIABILITIES
SAN QUENTIN, Cal., Jan. 3. James j Capital Stock paid in $
TV VrXamara. Kprvin? a li f conton Surplus
in the state prison here for dynamit-, ,l""?iY,1de? J"0"1?,
I i AnolD. TimM k,i..; in I Individual Deposits subject to check $1,546,621.21.
..... Sav,ngS Deposits
(By Review Leased Wire) ! 1910 in wlllrn twenty lives were iVist. nemand Certificates of Deposit
CHIHUAHUA CITY, Jan. 3. Gen- i Ba! "treu mio me uiscipinmry uun-.
eral Francisco Murzuia is steadily ; Seon for refusing to work in the jute
; mill.
50.000.00
50,000.00
157.S71.1S
pushing south, driving the Villa main
force before him, and has already es
tablished his headquarters at Jiminez,
according'to an official statement giv
en out at the military headquarters
here tonight.
Private reports received here say
that General Murguia sent his tr?ins
tack to Chihuahua City, calling on
According to the prison officials
McNamara has been doing unsatisfac
tory work in the laundry where he
had been- employed for three and a
half years. When McNamara persist
ed in his refusal to go to the jute mill.
Warden J. A. Johnston sent Jflm to the
dungeon for three days.
870.477.20
1.050.00
Time Certificates of Deposit 74.592.70
Certified Checks 2.276.11
Cashier's checks outstanding 3. 148. 86
Due State and National Banks..'. 244.412.45
Reserve For Interest and Taxes
742.57S.
15.663
Total $3,016,113.02
given another apportunity to obey or
lprs u-lipn his elnwf rnti fitiement ev.
his soldiers either to win or die. and j u WM gajd
that his rear guard is fortifying San-; ,
ta Rosalia, lately his base. I
General Dieguez has been entrusted
by General Murguia with the opera
tions against Villa in the Laguna dis
trict. It is officially stated lire that Tor
reon, Laredo, and Gomez Palaclo pre
in tiie hsn!s of Carranza troops.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
State of Arizona, County of Cochise ss.
I. M. J. Cunningham, Cashier of the above named bank do solemnly swear
He will be 1 t!lat the above statement is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
M. J. CUNNINGHAM. Cashier.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd day of January. 1917.
GRACE SMITH, Notary Public.
(SEAL) My Commission Expires January 17, 1920.
Correct Attest:
W II. BROPHY
M. J. CUNNINGHAM
E. E. ELL1NWOOI)
Directors.
Daylight Conditions for NigM Driving
Here at last, is a wonderful new Headlight Lens, the
greatest advance in automobile lighting equipment since
gas and electricity superceded oil! 26cmore light
Positively NO GLARE.
Light-beams never more than 42 inches above the
ground at any distance from car so you get the light
where you want it!
Does everything that dimmer does, except cut of
light.
Dees everything your present lens does, plus 26r
more light and NO GLARE.
Throws a searching light 250 to 500 feet ahead
ON THE GROUND even when going UP HILL!
Endorsed by States and Cities the" country over.
Endorsed by Safety First League of America. Conforms
to EVERY headlight law EVERYWHERE!
Dealers are reaping the benefit of heavy advertising
just a hint of what is to come.
Auto owners are VAITING for you to show them
a REAL headlight lens. Legalite is the ONLY one that
gives 26' i MORE light and at the same time cuts out
ALL GLARE!
Write for the Legalite Booklet or SEND IN YOUR
ORDER NOW for a SAMPLE PAIR of Legalite Lenses!
Retail Prices
Sizes up to bVi inches
Sizes up to 02 inches
Sizes up to 1 1 1 -S inches ....
$2.75
$3.25
.$4.25
Wonderful New Headlight Lens
26 r More Light No Glare All the Light Where the
Light is Needed Daylight Conditions for Night Driving
Cochise Motor Co.
District Distributers.
J
REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF
i
The Bank of Lowell
At Lowell, in the State of Arizona, at the close of business December 27, 1916.
RESOURCES
Loans and Discounts, less due frcm Directors $ 90,i".i.4.'5
Due from Directors ' None
Overdrafts 38.95
United States Bonds None
Stale, County and Municipal Bonds None
Other Bond.s, Stocks, Securities, etc 10.250.00
Hanking House, Furniture and Fixtures 320.00
Itcal Estate None
Ciirnrnt Expenses and Taxes paid ' 29(5.07
Specie
LeKal Tender and National Bauk Nolcs.
Ex'Jianpes for ClcariiiR
Other Ca;jh items
Due from State and National Banks,
Approved Reserve Agents
Due from State and National Banks
not Reserve Agents
.$ K,
. 17,
"7S.75
020.00
225. SO
DiG.U
103.0t;2.19
.. 103. SO 130.70S.93
MEAT WIT
THE LITTLE PORTABLE GAS HEATER ENABLES YOU
TO QUICKLY CONVERT THE COLDEST ROOM IN
YOUR HOUSE TO WARMTH AND CHEER IT GIVES
r-
Total 1232.219.42
LIABILITIES
Capital Stock paid in $ 15,000.00
Surplus 4 1.500.00
I'ndividcd Trofits 7,7tiG.54
Individual Deposits subject to check $207,502.93
Savings m-posits None
Demand Certificates of lK-posit None
Time Crrtilicattg of Deposit None
Certified Checks Non
Cashier's clickM outstanding 309.93 1
Due State and National Banks -. Nolle 207.S72.SS
Due Individuals aud Corporations othiT than Bunks aud Depositors None
Reserve for Taxes 110.00
Total
....$233,219.12
Stale of Arizona, Coniily of Corhist ss.
I. J. M. Lyons, Caidiicr of tlx- above named ;liank. -do' solemnly .Qur that the
;ilimc statement iw true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
J. M. LYONS. Cashier.
Subscribed ami sworn to before nil' this 3rd duy of January. 1917.
- GRACK SMITH, Notary I'ubli':.
SKAL) My Commission L'xpires January 17. 1920.
Correct Attest
w. ii. nuoriiY
M. J. CUNNINGHAM
Directors.
Comfort
WHERE YOU WANT IT
WHEN YOU WANT IT
LIGHTS AT THE FLASH OF A MATCH CONNECTS
BY A FLEXIBLE METALLIC TUBE AND CAN BE
EASILY MOVED FROM ONE ROOM TO ANOTHER.
v
rV HEUABLE Lj
QUICK SAFE CLEAN
Prices $2.75 to $7.00
ISBEE IW'EIOT
CO THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY A, 1917.
Mining and Financial News
BY -TCVIFW
NEW YORK. Jan. 3. The advance
on the stock market which featured
the opening of the new year, was con
tinued today with a rise in shares of
almost all descriptions, especially
those popularly characterized as vp
and se'-i-war issues. Cains in thes
stocks ranged from two to nine poIn'
Trpdins was broader and more dive'
slfied than in the depressed perio''
of the preceding wek. XJ. S. St
established its supremacy at the on
set and led the list throughout, re
cording an extreme pain of 5i no!"
t 11; Dealines in stcel arproxi"""
350.000 shares.
TrVinff toi'ry's" TiRTilmum 8 f T"
is of crpiinarison steel tRs rcovpr
ore then half its December revers-'
while other industrials, made eve'"
better showing. General Motors o'.'
stock made a scr descent of S'
points on, one sale at 700. Hails wen
comnarstively inactive. Total sa'e
1,160,000 shares.
Bonds, including internationals
were irregular. Total sales, par val
ue. $5,160,000.
IT. S. Bonds -were unchanged on call
METALS MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 3. Lead 7.49 at
7.50. Spelter ouiet. stot East St. Lou
is delivery 9 asked. Copper dull,
electrolytic first, second and third
quarters 2S at 32 50. Ear silver 75
CHICAGO GRAINS
CHICAGO. Jan. 3 Urgent demand
from seaboard exporters resulted in a
broad demand for future deliveries of
wheat and caused a steep advance in
prices today. After soaring 676 cents
the market closed strong at 1.86 to
l.S6 for May and 1.52 to 1.52 for
July with the market as a whole 5
to above yesterday's finish. Other
jeading staples scored substantial net
gains corn to 5, oats 2 to 2'A
and provisions 2V6 to 22c
Record breaking premiums were
paid by exporters to obtain wheat for
immediate shipment.
Activity on the part of submarines
gave the wheat market, at one stage,
another sharp setback but the effect
on prices soon wore off.
The day's top quotations touched
just before the close, were up 334
cents as compared with recent low fig
ures that had accompanied an assum
ed likelihood of quick negotiations
for peace.
The corn market rose to the high
est prices of the season, equallin?
the best previous record made last
November. In oats, as in other grains
the leading feature was free buying
for the seaboard. .
Provisions rallied when the. cereal
markets bulged.
fBy L. J. Overlook
BOSTON, Jan. 3. The coppers con
tine to improve, prices advancing on
lieht transactions. Allouez was three
points higher nf 68. Continental a''
vniced two noirts 10 25 and Conner
Rn$ C s'. to 616. Tes" cowers
ar very ohean. there binir n o!iff"r
ene of ov a nniri in "resent rve'
ace price of t'ventv flrti"" coit-t
stocVs compared- with a year aeo
wen metal sold at rents a
pound or about ten certs a pound ui.
der present prices.
PMVF TVT"PRFR p,
NEW YORK
Anaconda S4j
American Car 50
Aerl-r, Cn 69 V4
American I.ooo'otf'-e 82
Aericpn S-eVer 107s',
A -erican Sugar 113
Atchison :. 104
Baltimore & Ohio '.. 84
Baldwin 62
Bethlehem Steel 510
Chesapeake & Ohio 654
Colorado Fuel & Iron 47
Canadian Pacific 163
Crucible 66,
Distillers 30V4
Erie 34
Goodrich 60
Gt Northern Ore 37
Ind. Alcohol 121
Marine 27
Marine Ffd 86.
Maxwell 56
Mexican Petroleum 102
Midvale 64
New York Central 103
Northern Pacific 110
Pennsylvania '. 57
Reading 104
Republic Steel 83 V4
"TIZ" FOR TIRED
AND SORE FEET
Use "Tiz" for puffed-up, burning,
aching, calloused feet
and corns.
Why go limping around with achine.
puffed-up feet feet so tired, chafed,
sore and swollen you can hardly Eet.
your shoes on or off? Why don't you
get a 25-cent box of "Tiz" from the
drug store now and gladden your tor
tured feet?
"Tiz" makes your feet glow with
comfort: takes down swellinjrs and
draws the soreness and misery right
tout of feet that chafe, smart and burn.
"Tiz" instantly stops pain in corns,
callouses and bunions. "Tiz" is glori
ous for tired, aching, sore feet No
more shoe tightness no more foot tor
ture. (Advertisement)
LEASED WIRE
Rubber C4"
Studebaker l9!i
Steel 113
5teel Pfd 120
st Paul 91
Southern Pacific 97"i
it ed Fruit 151
'"ion Pacific 146
""stinehouse 54
, POSTON j
H venture .- !
Mlouez ST""!:
'''zona Commercial .' 14!
erican zinc 32 !
"ska 11 i
"'te Superior 4! ,
"-'"et ft Arjnn- S0
--''T'et & Heela 547
""-ino 55
""inner Range 7,i j
""st Butte 15 !
" nbv 90
" rn Caranea 46
"!-Mfie!d 70
Uncock 18
'sniration 59
'ndiana 3
Kennecott 45
'-ake 16
La Salle 4
Miami 41
Mohawk - 96-
Mayflower 2 ,
Nevada 24
North Butte 23 Vi
Nioissing 8
Old Dominion 64
Osceola 87
"ond Creek : 22
Ouincy 90 j
Ray Consolidated- 27 j
nannon st
hattuck 2T,-,U
"uperior Boston 5
Tan arack 54
rtah Copper . . 105
'Ttah Consolidated 18
Winona 4
CURBS
Arkansas & Arizona
Big Jim 1.37
Big Lege 3
Butte & London 35
Cornelia 16
Denn 17
Dundee 1
Emma : 2
Fortuna 11
Piles Cured in 6 to 14 Days
Your druggist will refund money if
PAZO OINTMENT fails to cure any
case of Itching Blind Bleeding or
Protruding Piles in 6 to 14 days.
Erst application gives Ease & Rest.
The
50c.
fMENOCAL, FRIEND OF U. S., STARTS HI3
i 2ND TERM WITH CONSTRUCTIVE PROGRAM
- 'Jc
s."
President Menocal and government
palace at Havana.
President Mario G. Menocal of
Cuba, friend and admirer of the
United Stales, starts his second term
of office with a vigorous constructive
program for the republic. Among
the important developments planned
by the president and his cabinet are
good roads, the extension of the
school system, the encouragement of
agriculture, and the development of
public works. Menocal sees Cuba to
day more prosperous than at any
time in her history. He lias sur
rounded himself with a cabinet of
jitropg, vigorous, enterprising men
all of whom have been distinguished
ii. U.e annals of he island.
START the New Year RIGHT
Have that long delayed photograph which you
have promised your friends so often, made to
day. Have it made in our studio, too, where you
are certain of the best of service and attention.
RESOLVE TODAY:
To call us up and arrange for a sitting this week
sure
DIX STUDIO
Jacob Schmid Block : : Brewery Gulch.
Unusually Attractive Prices for High Grade Work.
rt
2
...... 05
45
716
1
Jerome Victor IV2
Ma cm a
Mema Cief
Miim Consolidated
PiMsnur"' Jerome
Rav Hircules
R-nt Rita
Ta"i Red
T'pited Fastern
Western
V-rrtp FVfptiQlnn
Vw" Combination
Worrcn
"'iiorjno Arizona ,
40
39
IVi
4
1.85
4.95
2
31
7
1
O'TM N
T
Ho'-
.07
.25
.10
1.36
.27
.07
.12
.15
t
.06
.15
.10
.16
.22
.25
1.S6
5.05
.18
2.25
1.75
.23
1.75
1.56
.62
.55
.56
.50
1.00
1.65
.50
1.12
.41
1.00
.75
.50
S.50
A .................
Adams
ArtTnnt Pox
arir Tom Reed
Pl lj
Ponndorv Cone
Carter Gold
Fessendcn
Gold Reert
Gold Cliff
Ivanhoe
.Terome-Oatman
Lucky Boy
.06
.IS
.05
1 35
.20
.06
.08
.03
.13
j Merry Widow
rWrwn Combination ....
9rfnnyside
Teilnride
Tom Reed 1.85
United Eastern 4.92
United Northern .12
Green Morster 2.12
B-itte London 35
Dundee 1.C2
Venture Hill
Pittsburg Jerome 1 25
Jerome Verde 1.50
Arkansas Arizona 50
Jerome Portland
Inspiration Needles . .
Hull Conner
Magma Chief
.44
.45
.87
Wolverine Arizona 1.50
Miami Mother Lode
Verde Combination 87
Miami Consolidated ..... .39
Bisbee Copper .87
Louisiana Arizona
Jerome Daisy
Warren 7.50
GILLAM, PHILADELPHIA
SPORT WRITER, DIES.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 3 Alexander
M. Gillam, 55, for more than 25 years
, Recorfl and a ng wrUer of M.
tional reputation, died tonight at his
home here.
t f
.vi . star " . --r-... t
'Grand Island
Creen Monster ....
Cold Reed
Hull Copper
, Inspiration Needles
I Jerome Verde
rM
3-.
1
? -iff - &Zjsssz.
HOLM THINKS STRIKE
IN AJO SHOULD GOME
TO END VERY SHORTLY
Prominent Labor Leader of
Bisbee Returns From Pima
County Mining Camp; Says
Conditions There Are Good
That the situation at AJo between
the New Cornelia Copper company and
the strikers Is gradually Improving, is
the opinion of Walter Holm, who re
turned to Bisbee yesterday from the
Pima county raining camp where he
has mining interests. Holm was a vis
itor in Ajo for several days and looked
over the situation from every angle.
"The lead burners and brick masons
are back at work, having been ordered
to return by their international head
quarters. The carpenters, painters,
electricians and steel workers are still
out but I can not see what they ex
pect to obtain," said Holm yesterday.
"While In Ajo I. advised the strikers
to return to work and hasten the time
when the New Cornelia company
should be able to pay wages based on
the sliding scale of the price of cop
per." Holm has been a resident of Bisbee
for years. He is one of the recognized
labor leaders of the District, at one
time having been secretary of the Bis
bee miners' union. He is thot'oughly
cognizant of the Ajo situation and ap
pears to favor a complete resumption
of work. He adds that nearly 600 men
are working for the company and a
like number is still on strike.
Speaking of the mining conditions in
and near Ajj Holm was more than
enthusiastic. Considerable development,-
outside of the New Cornelia's
property, which Is fast being put In
condition to produce, is going on. On
the property of the Bisbee-Ajo and De
velopment company. Holm declares
work is proving an excellent looking
prospect In the shaft which is being
sunk on the September Morn group
OFFICE WORKERS
FACTORY WORKERS
and others who labor indoors
should always take the strength
compelling tonic-food in
SCOTT'S
EMULSION
to keep up their strength,
nourish their nerves and
increase their energy.
SCOTT'S is helping
thousands- why not you ?
Scott & Bowne. Bliwnficfcl. K. J. 16-23
PIMPLY? WELL, DON'T BE!
People Notice It. Drive Them Of
with Dr. Edwards'
Olive Tablets
A pimply face will not embarrass you
much longer if you get a package of Dr.
Edwards' Olive Tablets. The skir
should begin to clear after you have
taken the tablets a few nights.
Cleanse the blood, the bowels and the
liver with Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets,
the successful substitute for calomel
there's never any sickness or pain after
taking them.
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets do that
which calomel does, and just as effec
tively, but their action is gentle and
safe instead of severe and irritating.
No one who takes Olive Tablets is
ever cursed with "a dark brown taste,"
a bad breath, a dull, listless, "no good"
feeling, constipation, torpid liver, bad
disposition or pimply face.
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets are. a
purely vegetable compound mixed with
olive oil : you will know them by tltcir
olive color
Dr. Edw. . Js spent years among pa
tients afflicted with liver and bowel
c-m-ilaints, and Olive Tablets are the
tensely effective result.
':ikc one or two nightly for a weelc.
'low much better you feci and look.
. ti.T.d 25c per box. -il druggists.
EVER SALIVATED BY
CALOMEL? HORRIBLE!
Calomel ia quicksilver and acta
dynamite on your liver.
like
Calomel loses you a day! You know
what calomel is. It's mercury; quick
silver. Calomel is dangerous. It
crashes into your bile lige dynamito
cramping and sickening you. Calomel
attacks the bones and should never be
put into your system.
When you feel bilious, sluggish, con
stipated and all knocked out and be
lieve you need a dose of dangerous
calomel just remember that your drug
gist sells for 50 cents a large bottle of
Dodson's Liver Tone, which is entire
ly vegetable and pleasant to take and
Is a perfect substitute for calomel. It
is guaranteed to start your liver with
out stirring you up inside, and can not ,
salivate. '
Don't take calomel! It makes yon
sick the next day: it loses you a day's
work. Dodson's Liver Tone straight-:
ons you risht up and you feel great.
Give It to the children because it Is
(perfectly harmless and doesn't gripe. ,
Advertisement.
OFFICES:
Bisbee
Douglas
Globe
Jerome
Prescott
Phoenix
P. O. BOX 279
good values are being encountered and
further work is expected to uncover
a rich ore body.
On the claims which lay nearer Ajo,
the company is doing little work at
the present time, prefering to con
centrate its efforts on the September
Morn group and to prove its ground
in that region first Holm heads the
office management of the company In
Bisbee and is very enthusiastic over
the prospects of his organization and
over the entire Ajo region.
SALTS FINE FOR
ACHING KIDNEYS
We eat too much meat, which
Clogs Kidneys, then Back
hurts and Bladder
bothers You.
Most folks forget that the kidneys.
like the bowels, get sluggish and clog
ged and need a flushing occasionally,
else we have backache and dull misery
in the kidney region, severe headaches,
rheumatic twinges, torpid liver, acid
stomach, sleeplessness and all sorts
of bladder disorders.
You simply must keep your kidneys
active and clean, and the moment you
! feel an ache or pain in the kidney
region, get about four ounces of Jad
Salts from any gbod drug store here,
take a tablespoonful in a glass of
water before breakfast for a few days
and your kidneys will then act fine.
This famous salts is made from the
acid of grapes and lemon juice, com
bined with lithia, and Is harmless to
flush clogged kidneys and stimulate
them to normal activity. It also neu
tralizes the acids in the urine so it xA
longer irritates, thus ending bladder
disorders.
Jad Salts is harmless; inexpensive;
makes a delightful effervescent lithia
water drink which everybody should
take now and then to keep their kid
neys clean, thus avoiding serious com
plications. A well-known local druggist says he
sells lots of Jad Salts to folks who be
lieve in Overcoming kidney trouble
while it is only trouble. - -
(Advertisement)
For
Direct Wire Connection with
Jerome and All Our Offices.
R. ALLYN LEWIS
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL, BISBEE.
JOHN A. CAMPBELL. Manager.
BONDS, STOCKS, INVESTMENTS
Orders Executed for Cash or on Proper Margin
E. F. hutton 4. Co.'s Private
Leased Wire to All Exchangee
COST SUTHERLAND JOB.
HINTON, W. Vs.. Jan. 2. Attorney
for U. S. Senator W. E. Chilton, of
West Virginia, who was defented in
! proceedings In circuit court here to
' the recent election by Il'jward Suth
j erland. Republican, today instituted 1
ithe Republican nominee in his primary 1
campaign exceeded the limit of ex-:
penditure by the state corrupt prac-'
loust Sutherland on the grounds that'
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
ANT)
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
CHICHESTER S PIUS
W- TI'K IMAMb.1l BRAND. A
rm
1!A"N1 H'tAMI rlLI.-i. f r
yen known as Best. blte.t- Almyl Ktltal-la
SOLD BY PRLUGIoTS EVFBYHHERf
the
An appropriate present for
the entire family for the New
Year would be a 1917 sub
scription to the Bisbee Daily
Review. This would be a use
ful as well a instructive gift,
a every member of the fami
ly could enjoy and appropri
ate its contents. Our tele
graphic service embrace a
field world-wide, keeping you
In touch with all the current
events of the day, and our lo
cal and home news depart
ment is unsurpassed.
Start the New Year right
by enrolling your name now.
PHONE 39
Oaiman
Stocks
A.k jo.r !-.( (14 frr S.
hl-ktr DlamaJUrM4A
fill, ia K.4 i ticli. ifUi,KW
b-rs. Klt4 With hl:m R:!0.
Take n atber Bnr mt tm V
New Year
CORRESPONDENT
E.F. Hutton & Co.
Member New York
Stock Exchange
TELEPHONE
135
Thre Is more Catarrh In th! section of
the country than all oihrr diseases put
to-Ih-r. and until the Inst few y.-ars
was supposed to be incurable. For a
(Treat many years doctors pronounce'! it a,
local disease and prescribe local reme
dies, and by constantly falline to cure
With local treatment, pronounced it Incur
able. Science h is proven Catarrh to be a
constitutional disease, and therefore re
quires constitutional treatment. Hall's
Catarrh Cure, manufactured by F. J.
Clicnev & Co., Toledo. Ohio, is the ofrly
Constitutional cure on the market. It In
taken internally. It acts directly on th
Wood anil mucous surfaces of the system.
Thy offer one hundred lc liars for any
a.w it fails 10 cure. SenC for circulars
and teatlmonlals.
Address: F. J. CHENET tk CO.. Tol4o. O..
Fold y Pruyrlsts. TSc.
Take I'.all's Family Pills lir constlpatlesb
Walter HarveyWeed
Prominent Mining Engineer and Ge
ologist, Reporting on the property of
GreatRay
Copper
Co.
Says: "I recommend the development
of the Great Ray Copper Company
1 property as a legitimate, speculative
mining venture, and believe it merits
an expenditure sufficient to determine
by drilling whether or not the mlner-
' alization of the area is rich enough to
warrant mining. If it proves to be so.
THE PROPERTY WILL BE
A MINE OF THE FIRST
i MAGNITUDE."
I A limited amount of stock can now
be had, 30 cents per share.
This stock will advance to 50 cents
after January first.
SMITH & MACGREGPOR,
Brokers.
Lowell, Arizona. THE BlbHtE DAILY KHV!i;V, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 4, 1917.
it VEIN
.use x(gSftpim
MMll E lilililR
" """"" ', " "
i i iiiMiiniim'if iivl n ri-n-
Review Want Ads
advertisements under tit iead at the race ot 1 cen- per word for each
-sue witb a minimum chary of 25 cents. Advertise-ients must reach Tht
lev lew office not later than 4 p. in. for Insertion 1e the nett mominn paper
Wanted
WANTED Old raga wanted at
view office.
Re-
WANTED Unfurnished rooms.
B., Review office.
L.
r.i I
WANTED Girl
work, must be competent
Black 631.
Phone
131 j
WAVTFD A ladv housekeeper, one '
who can help tend store. Inquire
Home Industry Furniture store, op-
posite Bank of Lowell, Lowell, Ariz.
106
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
U B. WHITNEY, Lawyer, R001119 5-6
Aiin rwv nnpn nvninn. Phniw
547. (103)
Bisbee Mattress and upholstering
" work, Hughes Block. We make ov-
er old mattresses as good as new.
Free delivery. Phone 734. 484 j
Miscellaneous
For job carpenters call 11.
561
New map of Bisbee-Warren mining
district free on request. Arizona-
. Bisbee Copper Company, . Room 8,
Maze Building, Bisbee, Arizona. C33
Learn actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer-'
Ing. Y. M. C. A., Los Angeles. Cat
alogs free. 955
50.000 to loan on improved city prop
erty or for building. On easy terms
of payment T. A. Hughes, over
Bank of Bisbee. 923
FOR SALE: Highest cash prices paid
for second hand furniture, stoves,
clothing and tools Uncle Jim's.
Brewery Culch 21
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for all
kinds of work In our line. Pat Clea-
ry, manager, Box 1495. Phone 720.
LOST
LOST Diamond sunburst. Return to
Mr. Ernil Marks receive liberal re
ward. 108
LOST Bunch of keys.
Phone 124 or 2S8.
Davenport,
14 4
Furnished Rooms
FOR RL'NT Rooms furnished for
housekeeping, modern, close in, one
block north high school. 189 Tem
by Avenue. 145
FOR RENT Furnished room, Balgay
House, 153 Temby Ave., opposite
Old Opera House. 134
FOR RENT Large boarding house
completely furnished, all ready for
business $:!5 per month,- plenty of
boarders. Call after 4 p. m., Mrs.
Elliott's Boarding House. South Bis
bee, ' 111
PETEY DINKSame to You,
E -
jj. "fwt
' jl
:
V. -i .
mm
Positions Wanted
WANTED Position by experienced
stenographer. B. D., Review. 82 I
u
For Sale
I FOR SALE Ford car cheap. Apply i
! F. M. Lacy, 152 Temby Avenue 78 ,
' 1
FOR SALE: Pool table,
can club, O. K. Street.
Apply Mexi-
107
FOR RENT Two front rooms reason- I
able. Bailey Hotel, Brewery Gulch. ,
E. Bushong, prop.
FOR SALE 15 rooming and boarding
house SO boarders. AH rooms full
Answer 31. J. R Review. , 10
? Jit bAUtj snares sanu cruz-
Bisbee Mining Co., 45c a share. G.
L. Review. 146
FOR SALE A new six room concrete
and frame house. Opera Hill No. 68,
with lot suitable for boarding house
$1700. One thousand cash, balance
$25 monthly. Milo Rafaelovich. P. O.
Box 1695. 80
: 70R SALE Don Luis 5-room house
and 2 lots, 4 choice lots at a bar
gain. Apply M. C. High, Allen
Block, Real Estate. 56 I
j THE MOOSE HOTEL (Old Kinney
House) Furnished rooms $2 per
week and up, with gas; also light
housekeeping rooms. 178
FOR SALE Ford touring car at a
bargain. See Robinson, Brophy
Garage, Lowell. 543
FOR SALE One 94 ton Studebakei I
delivery truck. Good condition, I
' cheap if taken at once. K. R. Win
stead, Lowell Haberdashery. 20
FOR SALE One stripped down rac
ing car, a bargain if taken at once.
K. R. Winstead, Lowell Haberdash
ery. 20
OR SALE One six room house and
four lots, one block from car line,
Tombstone Canyon. Inquire E. J.
Beyer, Miners & Merchants Bank.
532
TOR SALE E. B. Mason property,
Lowell, containing over 1 acre,
known as Mason Corral. Inquire
E. B. Mason 716 Calmar Ave, Oak
land, Calif. 140
URNITURE FOR SALE The John
son Addition Furniture Co. wants'
to pay yon the highest casb prices
for your second hand furniture. Al
so wants to trade or exchange you
new furniture for your old. We will
sell you furniture cheaper than
anybody on easy payments. Call
in at the big brick building at the
Johnson Addition and let us show
you our large and selected stock of
house furnishings, or phone us at
our store. Phone 385, Johnson Ad
dition. ?etey.
LADlE Avi
ER ik
R- EX-
'i-.vy
hi,
mm
mm
' - 1
r
AMERICAN DOCTORS
NEEDED IN ENGLAND
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. Jan. 4. According to the
Daily Telegraph, arrangements are
being made to replace a number of j
young surgeons in British hospitals!
by Americans in order to enable Brit- f
ishers to enter the army. There ?.re
hundreds of doctors of military age
in home hospitals who wish to join
, the army, says the telegraph, but j
' hitherto they have been denied the !
With a view to meeting the diffi
culty the Daily Telegraph continues,
the army authorities some time ago.
inquired of the medical authoiities in
the United States whether they could
send to England detachments of
young American doctors.
Hundreds of young doctors in the
United States, according to the Tele
eraph, have volunteered to serve in
the British army, but could not re
ceive a commission because they are
not British practitioners. There is
no barrier, however, to their practic
ing in Great Britain, says the news
paper, and they are exactly the 'ma
terial required to fill the places of
English doctors who desire to go to
the fronL The newspaper does not
say how many Americans are likely
to come but asserts that they "may
not run into many hundreds."
It adds, however, that those who
do come will be welcomed.
FACES MURDER CHARGE
AUTOIST TRIES SUICIDE.
FRIDAY HARBOR. Wash., Jan. 3. I
Albert W. Blancett, who attempted t'J
end his life here Sunday after being
arrested on a charge of murdering
Clyde D. Armour, of Sioux City, Iowa,
his automobile traveling companion.
near Las Vegas. N. M., last October,
j today told Sheriff George Mead that
he did not kill Armour. Blancett ot-1
fered no excuse fJr shooting himself.
He is fast recovering from the self
inflicted, gunshot wound in his neck.
Amour's body never has been found.
although Armour's brother-in-law, M. j
j L. Sawyer, recently made am extended 1
search for it. The New Mexico author-1
ities alleged that Blancett represented ,
himself as Armour and as such dis-'
posed of Armour's personal effects '
and attempted t'J obtain money from
Armour's relatives at Fresno, Califor- (
nia.
British munition orders amounting
to hundreds of millions of dollars are
being placed with Canadian manufac
turers, according to New York bank
ers, while few are coming to United
SUtes.
DON'T SCOLD, MOTHER!
THE GROSS CHILD IS
BILIOUS, FEVERISH
Look at tongue! If coated,
clean little stomach,
liver, bowels.
Don't scold your fretful, peevish
child. See if tongue is coated; this is
a sure sign its little stomacn, liver
and b'owels are clogged with sour
waste.
When listless, pale, feverish, full of ,
cold, breath bad. throat soreT doesn't
cat, sleep or act naturally, has stom- !
ach-ache, indigestion, diarrhoea, give
ieaspoonful of "California Syrup ol I
Fig8."and in a few hours all the foul I
waste, the sour bile and fermenting
"o'jd passes out of the bowels and you (
have a well and playful child again, j
Children love this harmless ' fruit '
laxative," and mothers can rest easy
after giving it, because it never fail
to make their little "insides" cleau
and sweet.
Keep it handy, Mother! A little given !
today saves a sick child tomorrow, but
r.et the genuine. Ask your druggist
for a 50-cent bottle of "California '
Syrup of Figs," which has directions
for babies, children of all ages and for
rown-ups plainly 011 the bottle. Re-1
member there are counterfeits soli; j
here, s. surely look and see thati
yours is made by the "California Fis j
Syrup Company." Hand back with i
louteinpt any other tig syrup. J
(Advertisement)
VI
am'"- &
f -EC- kj
"BUWALf OP TLig, J
I AMttV "vl A
ALP OP TUB. )
i My,
HER PRETTY ANKLE
BRINGS BLIND MAN
A HEAP OF TROUBLE
4
1 !
gf ' '
5J .
Alius Hazel Daley demonstrating just
how she did it.
Peter Zvla of Chicago was about
to receive $3,300 for iroin;r blind
while at his work. The insurance ,
Hazel ilalev in the Ruiseofa moving .
nktai-L :.. tress to raise her skirts to
r.U:ua; hi
s in uaiey s presence,
. . . 1
lie -us -.: his eves wide and stareit.
Now t!ia rojit is expected to ciccii'e
that 5ic is nor. entitled to the money.
iVOCTRESS
BECOMES BTIIDE
4 yyim
Mai Murray.
MNs Mr.e Murray, movie ;-t:-.i
juii iict-or:ie tne tn'iue or ,1. j;;
pv""3 -t c."' the New York school 1
1 LVfrre :,hc went into the '
fil'i:; Miss Murray stin-red with ns I
Z-.i.Tf.'-i-l Foiiics. and in the height !
f-f ti.e :nnco 'cv.2C she oner.rt' a !
till:;. '. r::',v' on i:rw;d;v!j- k::V.T
tl ? k'a ;3 Se.uci.: O'l'rion is a jnlc
r..a" o. '..cy. a il-ii in,; bettor unI
ccutor cu ilic :na"l..t.
i ' - i i
1
mm:'
MM
NEW WARSHIPS TO COST
MILLION OVER ESTIMAE.
(Uy Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 3. Conpresi
' probauiy will be asked by the navy de
' partment to increase the limit of cost
j for the new 35 knot scout c.uisers
nearly a tiillion dollars. Of the four
j ships authorized by the last appropria-
: tion bill, only one contract has been
awarded under the $3,000,(KiO limi
tion. Re-advertised bids opened today
showed only one offer for two ships,
at a price $lt0O,0i)0 above the limit.
Secretary Daniels and" his counsel
considered the situation without reach-
ing any conclusion. As the appi'opria-
tion act requires that the ships be un-
der construction before March 29, it
is impossible to tit government yards
lor the worn in time. It is hoped,
however, that with the price limit I
raised, all three can be placed iu I
private yards.
Because of drought and locusts, Ar
gentina will have, according to con
sular reports, but 1,000,000 tons of j
j grain lor export, against nortl;a ex
; portable surplus of 2,500,000 tons.
I
j ORDINANCE NO. 211
I An ordinance concerning the selling
or giving away of any arcent spirits,
' ale, beer, wine, or intoxicating liquors
of any kind within the city of Bisbee,
Cochise County, State of Arizona; and
prohibiting the keeping and possess
ion of any such liquors in places of
public resort in said city.
BE IT ORDAINED by the Mayoi
and Common Council of the City of
Biabee, as follows:
Section 1. All persons are hereby
prohibited from selling, exchanging,
bartering, or disposing of any ardent,
spirits, ale, beei, wine, or intoxicating
liquors of any kind, to any person
within the corporate limits of the City
of Bisbee; and all persons are hereby
prohibited from giving away any such
ardo-nt spirits, ale, beer, wine, or in-
I toxicating liquors of any kind to any
person within the corporate linms of
the City of Iti.ib.-e.
Section 2. It shall be unlawful to
ktep or have, or to peimit to be kept
j had or possessed iu any hotel, board
ing house, eating hours', lestaurant.
pool or billiard hall, tobacco store.
soft-drink parlor, store of any kind, I
or nny 11,at( of publ,c roiirt' or ln
an' club, or in any cellar, closet
any club, or in any cellur, closet
r . ... I
rooiii or spnee) connecting wuii any
ui iiic amtvi- u;t!iit;u piaees, lor unj 1
purpuse, ar.v ardent spirits, ale, beer,
v. hie, or intoxicating liquor of any
kind. The finding of such linuors in
my of si'ch places shall te prima fa-
j cie evidence-'of the fact that the pro- j
,; priotor or pr-rsrn in o!n-?o cf s irh '
.'lace at the time ot the iiiniing there- f
of permitted such liquors to be kept
ot such prer.1 ises; and all persons are
rrobibited from having on their per- !
son or in ir.e.r possession, or irom
annKi.-ig any sucn liquor in any pub
lic place described herein or in any
public street, avenue, thoroughfare.
al!ey, or p'lblic p:;rk in the City
Fisbee.
of :
Section tvrry person who shall last Will and Testament of Sarah A.
violate any provision of this ordi-. Kelly together with his petition pray
i?nce shall be guilty of a 'l isdemean- : iag that said document be admitted
or and shall be punished by a fine of ,"to probate in this Court as the last
not lers than twenty-five dollars ' Will and Testament of said Sarah A.
(oL'S.fjM) pih! rot more t'-'an three han-
dred dollars (-:: ''0.00) or by imprison-
ment in the city jail for not less than
'.en days nor more th:tn three months,
or by both such line and ini;rison-
men!; and the liquors possessed in
vijlalion of this ordinance shall bo
by (he court ordered destroyed.
Section 4. All ordinances or p:;rts
cf ordinances iu tor.iiict herewith are
hereby repealed.
Section " WHKREAS, t! imme
Kte operation of this ordinance is ne-1
cesKjiry for the preservation of the
public pi-aee, safety and health, an
1 rergeney is hereby declared to exist
r.nd this ordinance shall be In full
force and effect from and after its 1
t as;:i.i:e by the Common Council, ap- ;
r-roval by the Mayor, and after post-1
I inv; and publication as required by
I 'aw, and is hereby exempted from the
Iteration of the referendum provis-;
i of t!-e ptnt" Constitution. i
I ass-.-d and adopted by the Mayer i
:.d Common Council this 2nd day of!
Jannarj, 1,:H7.
...... .... , ..... . , .. I
;i;'iiitii u i.ii.. ..iu u.i 1,1 f ,1 li liti t ,
1917.
I C. E. ADAMS. Mayor.
M. L. BUTLER, City Clerk.
L up Sur.GEc.
, ; v-'wiz., I've-
-A ;iS'A
m
-. ' v.
..Lodge
WEEK ENDING JANUARY 6
V Monday
m
i uesaay
Wednesday
Thursday Blue Reg.
Friday 2nd Degree.
Saturday
j U. BLKD?OE, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. & A. M.
A. M. COLWELL, E. H. P.
C. K. PHILBROOK, T. I. M.
J. E. FRY, E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secy. Chapter &
j t'ommandery.
W. R. BANKS, Stcy. Council.
wuuufc Nu 67.
Kegulai meeting drst ana tnird
Friday of each month Visiting broth
rs cordially invited to attend
HA it' KS S HKAR.. i'xal'efl Ki:"v
B B rooVER Secretary
B-SSEE LOCGE NO. 10. I. O. 0 F.
jaeetk every
'1"J?'Tck. Wednesday
ji; yi j)Sy evening at
" ' s- Odd Fellows
Hail, Main street at 7 "00 p. m., and
special meetings on Sunday at 1:30
p. m. VUIttng brothers cordially la
Csri to attend. Hall pnone 119
JAMES Is. SULLIVAN, N. G.
G. A. PLUNKETT. Secretary.
C.OYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNiTED STATES OF AMERICA.
0READN0"oHT.
L. O. U
'a
ets ln L O
u. F. Hall sec
ond and fourth
Saturday a t
7:30 p. m. Vis
t'ng Brothers
cordially in
vited to attend.
GEO. . SLU
MAN. W. M.
Secy., Box 42
ROB'T FERGUS,
Bisbee.
, I. O. R. M.
first and thiru
Meets
i Thursdavi at 7-n n
In Medigovlch Hall All
visiting Red Men Invited
to attend.
JOHN KELLY, Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. "dicine Man
F. C. FENDERSO. 7. of R.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
of Cochise County, State of Arizona.
In t!:e UaUer vf tne EsUle o Saralj
A. Kelly, Deceased.
NOTICE OF HEARING PETITION.
Notice is hereby given that Gt'orge
J. McCabe has tiled in thni Court a
I certain document purporting to be the
Kelly who, said petitioner alleges, is
deceased, and that letters testament-j
"ry issue thereon to said petitioner,)
and that same will be heard jn Satur-
day the 2th day
of January, A. D.
19i". a' 10:00 o'clock in the forenoon 1
ot sa'd "ay. a the court room of said
Court, in the Court House, in the City
of Tombstone, County Vf Cochise,
State of Arizona, and all persons inter
ested in said estate are notiued then
::nd there to appear and show cause,
if any they have, why the prayer of '
aid petitioner should not be granted.
J. E. JAMES,
Clerk.
By C. Ll ALLEN,
Deputy Clerk.
Dated December 29ii, 1916.
First publication Dec. 31. 1916.
THE DAILY REVIEW
WANT ADS BRING
RESULTS
t
4MT - .
1 Y
1
ViFlL ANWA MaSEu
awo The Vjfc
VIVJO TTckiT!
Fast neah-
- - '.t
Notices...
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
R&thbone Lodge No. 1
Knights of Pythla,
meet each Thorsda)
(except second) ln OCd
Fellows Hall at 7:30
t'l p. m. Visiting brother
cordially Invited
T. M. ENOCHS. C. C
J. C. KR1GBAUM. Horll t
t. F. a
FRATERNAL,
BOTHERHOOI
Bisbee Lodge Nt
462 meets the la
and 3rd Monday
of each month a
7:30 at Odd Fei
lows' Hall vim-
in iu ambers cordially invite
H. L. FENNER. President
K3 C L KINO'ITl trm
boa VIZ. Tel 236. keo
BISBEE LODGE NO la
Meets every nday nighi, b
visitlng brothers, cordially iavlt
J. V. PETTEY. Dictator
K.VY ROSa Secretary
r o. E.
Bisbee Aerie u
F. O. E. meets firs
and third Monday i
s p. m at Mediao
rich halL Visitors cordially welcom
J. A. LAMBERT, President
M. D. COHEN. Aerie Pbyslclan.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES
OF SECURITY.
Biabee Council No. 2115 meeta la
Medigovlch Hall every second and
Fourth Thursdays at 7:30 p. m
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY, Pre
E. LINDQUIST. Fin. Box 3246, LoweU
lNKZ McKINNEY, Box 3455. Lowll.
WOODMEN CIRC.
l.-ris In MedigovicD Hili -t-0 uid
Fridays of each month. 304
ELLEN POLLEY. Guardian
PAUL1NT3 F BROWN. Clerk,
P. O. Box 1
Advertisement
40L.ERN WOODMEN O
'c'RlC A
13415. Met l tii-si Tut
day at Odd I i llov
HalL
GEORGE E1T1NG.
CbESul
H. F. MATHEWSON,
Clerk
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
Peail Chapter No t
meets ln Masonic Hall
second and fourth Tue
day cf each month at 7
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARD.
Worthy Matron
Phone 2 .0 P. O. Box S41. Uisoee.
MRS. JESSE BEVAN. Sec'y. P. O. Box
22". Chairman Relief Com. Phone M'
PYTHiAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple No. 3. meow every 2no
and 4tb Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fell-ws' Hall Vlsltini
sisters are cordially Invited. . 19
OLIVE BAILEY, M. E C
HON OR A MUNCH. M. of R. C.
WOODMEN OF THE W5RLD
luvci lai kuu iu nvu
nesday at 7 30 Bropby
HalL
K. E. JACOBS. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
1 NiCR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meet ln Medigovlch
ball, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month.
Visiting Brothers wel
come .
HOMER C. TREES
Councilor.
W. A. CUNNINGHAM
Recordina" Se'y.
By C. A. Voight
awdMn2eip.
ON PDChjC TUf 1
akio.njism vou I
A VEfiV
vERj . VA.tTV
Mew Near.
r
I V. .
i
....
C 'mi 1 "5-- SfJ
p? m. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 4, 1917.
EIGHT
"Shell
A Thrilling European War Drama in Five Superb Acts.
THE TRIANGLE FINE ARTS PRESENTS
Puppets
With an All-Star Cast A Fine Arts Sorrow Slammer.
ADMISSION - - - 10 AND 15 CENTS
The Home of Real Reel Features
Continuous From 1 to 10.
OLIVER MOROSCO PRESENTS
RITA JOLIVET IN
An International
Marriage
George Broadhurst's Forceful Drama of
International Social Life full of dramatic
situations that ends with a punch. - - -Produced
by the Oliver Morosco Photo
play Company."
Admission -:- loandiscrs. (fi.
F A
rw rrrr rmv jx&r ,dt rrrn ..rm
T
ntral
Oe
Tonight Only. Tonight Only
Commencing 5.30 P. M.
SWEETEST GIRL IN THE WORLD
VIOLA DANA
IN
The Light of
Happiness
A Five Act Metro-Wonderplay of Beauty, Romance and
Power.
PATIIE WEEKLY, NO. 98
Showing Current Events of the Week.
ADMISSION - - - 10 AND 15 CENTS.
O. K. RESTAURANT
First class service. Regular din
ner 35c. We put up buckets for min
ers Try our special miners lunch.
Satisfaction guaranteed. Everything
new and clean. Open all night. Give
us a trial. Advertisement. -
Application for Grazing
Permits
NOTICE is hereby given that all appli
cations for permits to graze cattle,
horses, hoes, sheep and foats within
the CHTRICAHUA and CORONAPO
NATIONAL FORESTS during the rea
son of 1917 must be filed in my office
at Tucson, Arizona, or on before Feb
ruary 15, 1917.
Full information In regard to the
grazing fees to le charged and blank
forms to be used In making appuca
tions will be furniFhed upon request.
DON P. JOHNSTON, Supervisor.
Quality First
Tonight. Tonight
The Triangle Kaybee Presents
H. B. WARNER AND
ENID MARKEY IN
8:
43"
Theatre
For oorcs. Corns, luntons lugrow
tng nails see Morrow Chiropodist. 2
dotirs from City Park, Brewery Gulch.
(511) (Advertisement)
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE
Irwin Studio. Main Street. 857
Advertisement.
' THE PURE MILK DEPOT
Strictly fresh eggs direct from
poultry ranch, 55 cents per dozen. 115
COMING
, Pr. Schell, the well known Opto
metrist and optician of Tucson, will
be at the Copper Queen Hotel on his
regular visit on Friday and Saturday
of this week. If you need glasses for
weak or failing eyes, headaches, ncr
cousness. etc.. call on him for expert
I service. Special attention to chil
dren's eyes. Advertisement. 105
rffiP
..nil'
1
J
1
Met!
OVER FROM TOMBSTONE.
Pan Pauley, old tinier of Cochise
c'.)iiniy, was a visitor in the city yes
tTiluy from his home in Toinhstoiic.
MORE GOOD MUSIC
The Metropolitan, the greatest qc.ar
tette on lyreum cirenits today. ap
pear tonight only at high school an-diV-riuiii.
Conceit begins nt 8:1$.
Hear them. Advertisement. H7
FROM PHOENIX.
Rod Mcl'herson, a local miner, has
returned from Pli.enjx where' he vis
ited friends for several days.
UP FROM CANANEA.
J. M. Cibbs and J. K. Beckham, both
well known Cananea people, returned
yesterday to the Sonora camp.
The first meeting of the Pirsh Aid
Class will take place at the Y. W. C.
A. on Friday rooming at nine-thirty
All women who are interested are in
vited to join. Advertisement. 13:t
COPPER QUEEN DANCE
J Copper Queen Band will Rive their
1 regular Wednesday r.icht dance at
( Old Opera House beginning 8:30.
I Advertisement. 85
RESERVED SEAT SALE.
The reserved seat sale for "The
Eyes of the World", which will play
in Bisbee three days, January 11, 12
and 13, opens on January 7 at the
Orpheum theatre.
Ride on the American Stage Line
Bisbee to Pouslas. Phone 365.
TEX BARTON ILL.
E. II. "Tex" Barton, of the city
j police force, is confined to his room
1 with a serious attack of the grippe.
I Tex has been ill several times since
the fall with the grippe but this time
appears to be more severe than the
others. 1
MORE GOOD MUSIC
The Metropolitan, the greatest quar
tette on lyeeum circuits today, ap
pears tonight only at high school au
ditorium. Concert begins at 8:15
Hear them. Advertisement. 147
FOOD SALE.
The Twentieth Century Club of Bis
bee will hold a food sale at the Angius
Pure Food Store on Saturday, Janu
ary 6.
REMOVAL NOTICE
Dr. Sara Higdon and John T. Saun
ders now located in the Muheim
Building, Brewery Gulch, Rooms 12 &
14. Advertisement. 52
MARRIED SATURDAY NIGHT.
Miss Eliza Cavanaugh and Jack
Pavis, both of Bisbee. were united in
marriage last Saturday night at St
Patrick's church by the Rev. Father
iMandin. The couple will reside in the
city, the groom being employed by the
Copper Queen company.
SERVICES AT 7 P. M.
The Union Services at the Presby
terian church tonight will be held at
i 7 instead of at 7:30 o'clock, to permit
(those whowish to attend the concert
I of the Metropolitan Grand Quartette
i at the high school auditorium at 8:15.
' MUSICAL TREAT
Hear Warren Pistrict Lyceum's
(number, the Metropolitan Grand
i Quartette of Cleveland at high school
j auditorium at 8:15 tonight.
I Advertisement. 147
RETURNS FROM PHOENIX.
Pr. Richard Glaze and Mrs. Glaze,
who have been visiting friends in
Phoenix for several weeks, have re;
turned to Bisbee and Pr. Glaze is
again to be found in his office regu
larly. FOR' RENT
' 3 room furnished house, electric
; light and water, also unfurnished tent
in Highland Park. 3. A. Finney, Sr..
, Uncle Jim's, Brewery Gulch.
I Advertisement. 133
Need glasses? See Pr. Schell the
' optometrist and optician of Tucson
' at the Copper Queen Hotel on Friday
and Saturday of this week. Special at
tention to children's eyes,
i Advertisement 105
THEY WERE MARRIED.
Albert Phitts and Clara Mank, both
residents of South Bisbee, were united
in marriage Tuesday afternoon at th
office of Judge M. C. High, in th
Allen BKck. The couple will reside in
South Bisbee, the groom being a miner
in the employ of the C. & A. company.
REMOVAL SALE
The New Art & Hat Store is mov
ing back to Main Street and will oc-
. cupy the. store between Collins &
Pretherton's and W. Muir's I'iano
I store as soon as the carpenters are
! through renovating same. ' In order
to clean out as much of the present
! stock as possible before moving into
new quarters they have decided to
hold a big renoval sale commencing
this morning when their entire stock
( of millinery and ait goods will be
marked down below cost. This Is a
bona fide reniov.-.I sale and it w ill pay
!the ladies of the district to look into
' these unheard of bargains. Located
in the Hughes Block, opposite Y. M.
C. A. Advertisement. li0
''
! cunning in the present European va
I Advertisement. 148
I PUSHMOBILE RACE SUNDAY. ,
j The piislmioliilc contest will he held, !
I weather permitting. Sunday aftenioon.
January , at 1 o'clock. This arrange-
meiit has In . n inaili" in tinier to at-'
low all those who have contributed to
the Christmas celebration to witness
the event, and at the same time to
avoid conflict with the Sunday SrhtAri
exercises and church services.
Tailor made suits, satisfaction or
money refunded. Millard & Bateman.
Leading Tailors. Allen Block.
Advertisement.
CASE DISMISSED.
Hugh Kvans. charged with the
burglary or the residence of J. A.
Hayes, on Brewery Gulch several days
ago. was released from custody yester
day morning by Justice of the Peace
M. C. High. There was insufficient
evidence to warrant his being held to
the action of the superior lAnir'.
MUSICAL TREAT
Hear Warren District Lyceum's
tiggest number, the Metropolitan
Grand Quartette of Cleveland at high
school auditorium nt 8:15 tonight.
Advertisement. 147
"Shell 43" is a unique narrative cf
cunning in the present European war.
Advertisement. 143
A car every hour, Bisbee to Doug
'as. Good cars and careful drivers
merican Stage Line. Phone 36(5.
AdvertisemT
EXPECTED HOME.
Frank Vaughan. of Bisbee, who ha
been in attendance at the contest pro
ceedings and inspection in Phoenix, if
expected home this morning from the
state capital. Vaughan is said to have
received the endorsement of local
Democrats for the office of secretary
to the state tax commission. This of
lice was made vacant by the election
of Jesse Boyce as state auditor.
There are no end of remarkable
lighting effects employed in the story
of "Shell 43" and some of the mechan
ical devices employed by the man of
mystery (H. B. Warner) are trul;
marvels of ingenuity.
Advertisement. 14f
HOME FROM AJO.
Walter Holm, one of the directors
of the Bisbee-Ajo Copper and Devel
opment company, operating a group of
claims near the famous New Cornelia
Mining company in Pima county, re
turned yesterday morning from the
mine. He declares that the showing
continue to be excellent in that neigh
borhood and adds that the strike situa
tion seems to be improving materially.
Dr. Playfair. Osteopath, 98 Mason
Hill, Mason Hill car stop.
(AdvertlseinentI
?55 uncalled for tailor-made suits
with extra trousers, $37 50. Miller's
Shirt and Hat Shop, Main St.
Advertisement
NEW TAX COMMISSIONER.
Rudolph Kuckler." of Glendale, the
newly appointed tax commissioner, Is
well known in Southern Arizona, where
he has made many trips in the inter
ests of the State Taxpayers' Associa
tion. Kuckler formerly lived in Utah
and was prominent in the political af
fairs of that state. He is emminently
qualified for the oflice to which he was
appointed by Governor Campbell.
See "Shell 43" tonight at the Or
pheum Theatre. Advertisement. 143
HEAR THEM TONIGHT
The Metropolitan Grand Quartette
appears tonight only at High School
Auditorium. Concert starts at 8:15.
Warren Pistrict Lyceum tickets' hon
ored. Advertisement 147
ORIGINAL BISB EE-TOMBSTONE
STAGE LINE.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
daily at 7 a. ni. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co. Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. 939
(Advertisement)
WHISKEY SHIPMENT CAUGHT.
Two hundred gallons of whiskey
were caught yesterday at Gleeson by
officers of Sheriff Harry C. Wheeler's
force. The shipment consisted of four
barrels and came In over the South
ern racttic. it was consigned to a
man by the name of Musso. It will be
taken to Tombstone and application
made to the court for permission tj
destroy it at once.
PEACE
n( mind and health of bodv can be ob- ,
fnined by visiting the dentist regular- 1
ly. Pr. Tenfert. Ma7.e Bldg.. Sanitary
Dental office. Advertisement. 363
FIRE IN TOMBSTONE.
A fire which started in a Mexican
pool hall on Allen street in Tombstone,
yesterday afternoon, damaged that
establishment to a considerable ex
tent and spread t the motion picture
theatre which is next door. The fire
got into the roof of the building and
was hard to subdue. Little damage,
however, was done any other store in
the neighborhood.
HEAR THEM TONIGHT
The Metropolitan Grand Quartette
appears tonight only at Iliah School
Auditorium. Conceit strats at S : 1 5.
Warren District Lyreum tickets hon
ored. Advertisement. H7
"Shell 43" is a unique narrative o
LONG ACTIVE LIFE,
ENDS WHEN HOLLAND
DIES OF INJURIES
'The Yaqui Scout" One of the
Best Known and Best Liked
Old Time Prospectors in the
Southern Arizona Camps.
To have lived in the Warren Dis
trict since 1879 and to die penniless
was the portion of Dan Holland,
known throughout Cochise county and
over a great portion of Northern Son
ora as "The Yaqui Scout." Holland
died Tuesday night at the C. & A. hos
pital where he was taken following an
accident which befell him on Christ
mas morning.
Holland was a miner all his life. Of
late years he has confined his activi
ties to some ilains close In to the
Wsrren Pistrict. Shortly before
t Christinas he went to work for the
Juniper Flats Gold Mining Company.
He lived in a tent and refused to
come in to the bunk house when the
Christmas storm struck that region
of the county.
When it became apparent that the
camp was in for a good storm, the
foreman on the work proposed to Hol
land that he come in for the night.
The Scout's tent was on the bleak
side of a hill, exposed to the full rigor
of the wind and snow. Holland is re
ported to have said to the proposal:
"I would rather stay in my tent to
"r.ht than have the best bed in Bis
tee." Wind, the like of which is rarely
"en in Bisbee. swept the Juniper
"lata. Holland's tent, with all of his
belongings and the man himself, was
''teially picked up and hurled about
"00 feet into the rocky gulch below.
"ve foreman found the injured man
'Ed brought him into Bisbee. He was
"ound to have a broken collar bone
md internal injuries. He died as a
-insult of them.
Holland came to Bisbee in 1879 and
'as made this camp his headquarters
ince that time. During the palmy
'ays of Tombstone, when that town
vas known from coast to coast, he
was a frequent visitor there and is re
torted to have made several small
fortunes. He was connected with sev
eral trading outfits and at various
ires has made trips into Sonora.
His activities in the Mexican state
'ave rise to the name which he has
arried with him for many years
The Yaqui Scout. He knew Sonora
nd when he had nothing else to do,
"ould go into that state. His pros
pecting tours carried him into the
wildest parts of the country and on
several occasions narrowly - escaped
loath at the hands of the Yaquis. He
!s said to have had as good a know
'edge of the Yaqui country as any
merican of his time.
In the early days of the Warren
district Holland owned various pieces
of property which, if he had held
vem, would have made him and his
rira At one time he owned a group
f claims near -the Shattuck but al
'owed them to go for lack of assess
ment work. He also owned some
iroperty now owned by the C. & A.
Company and allowed it to get away
from him in the same manner.
Though Holland lived in a period
in the state of Arizona when a man's
sun was his best friend, he has never
teen known, according to many old j
timers in the city, to pack a gun. He
was easy tempered and was one of
the few real, old timers who enjoyed
the distinction of being a man with
out fear and at the same time a man
who avoided trouble with anyone. His
many friends throughout the county
will miss the smile and the hopefull
ness of Dan Holland.
Holland is survived by two broth
ers, Tim Holland, of Park City, Utah,
and Jerry Holland, said to be in or
near Patagonia. No funeral arrange
ments have been completed for his
burial as local people are awaiting
advices from his brothers as to the
disposal of the body.
I WANTED To do. plain and fancy
sewing at Room 11, Hughes Block,
opposite Y. M. C. A. 132
ROUGER'S TRIAL BEGINS.
EL PASO. Jan. 3. The trial of W.
B. Sands, the Texas ranger charged
with the murder of Sergeant Owen
Bierne, of the Twenty-third U. S. In
fantry, was set in the district court
here today for January 15. Bierne was
said to be the most popular enlisted '
men in the army. He had served near- (
ly thirty years and was personally
known to most of the older officers of j
the regular service.
See "Shell 43" tonight at the Or
pheum Theatre. Advertisement. 148
FIRST WEDDING OF 1917.
Miss Carmen Newman of Bisbee.
and Mr. John R. Joyce, hoisting engi
neer for the Calumet & Arizona min
ing company, were married at the
bride's home on Tombstone Canyon
New Year's night by Rev. Dr. Pritch
ard. They will be at home on Tomb
stone Canyon after January 15.
There are no end of remarkable
lighting effects employed in the story
of "Shell 43" and some of the mechan
ical devices employed by the man of
mystery (H. B. Warner) are truly
marvels of ingenuity.
Advertisement. 148
rat v Aic
I 1
ROSS COMMENDS CITY
COUNCIL FOR PASSING
LIQUOR REGULATION'S
County Attorney Declares the
Evils Which Now Swarm
Can Only Be Eliminated in
the Manner Adopted.
Bisbee, through the action of its
city council on Tuesday night, has
taken a long step in the right direc
tion, thinks County Attorney John P.
Ross. The county's law officers de
clared yesterday that the councilmen
are deserving of thanks from the law
abiding people of the city Pjr their
work and their determination to rid
the community of bootlegging and its
attendant evils.
"Through the passage of such ordin
ances and in no other way will the
real spirit of the prohibition law be
upheld." declared Ross yesterday.
"Any law is liable tt be full of holes
through which the man or men who
desire to break it can get out. The
Bisbee ordinance is a long step in the
right directiop and will simplyfy the
matter of apprehending bootleggers
and also of securing convictions
against them.
"Douglas is contemplating the pass
age of a similar statute and when this
is d'jne Cochise county will have tak
en a long stride for the rigid enforce
ment of the laws. Such laws will
prove of inestimable value to the sher
iff's office and to my office. I am more
than thankful for the passage of that
ordinance in Bisbee and hopeful that
Pouglas will follow suit in a short
time."
According to the county attorney
the sickness of Judge A. C. Lockwood,
of the superior court, has held up the
trial of a number of cases. Judge
O'Connor, of Santa Cruz county, has
been asked to come to the county seat
and aid in the trial of cases now pend
ing. He is expected t'J open court in
Tombstone on Monday morning.
QUARTETTE IS HERE
FOR TONIGHT ONLY
The Metropolitan Grand Quartette
which appears tonight at 8:15 at the
high school auditorium, under the
auspices of the Warren District Ly
ceum Course association, bears the
reputation of being possibly the great
est quartette on the lyeeum circuits
today. The four men singers are able
individual entertainers as well as col-
YOU CAN BE BEAUTIFUL
The Most Remarkable Little Book Ever Offered to Ladies
Trice, Only Ten Cents
MY "BOOK OF BEAUTY SECRETS" from the
world's most famous beauties and beauty specialists:
Shows how to quickly remove wrinkles and crow's feet; how to hare
and keep your skin beautiful and youthful; how to cure a course skin
and sallow complexion; how to stop falling hair and remove dandruff
and black-heads: how to have ruddy cheeks and rosy lips; how to have
sparkling eyes; how to grow beautiful thick eyebrows and long thick
eye lashes; how to have beautiful pearly white teeth and natural,
wavy, lustrous hair; how to develop bust, arms and shoulders; how to
increase your weight; how to make scrawny hands, smooth and plump;
how to remove double chin; how to reduce your weight to correct
proportions; how to correctly make egg shampoo, hair-lotions, cuctm
ber and strawberry lotions: sunburn and tan lotions; how to have a
beautiful voice and exquisite form; iiow to win and hold those you
love, and many other valuable beauty culture secrets.
This little book is easily worth $5.00. Over 50.POO sold last year at
25c. Everybody is delighted with it. Price now, ouly 10c. Send coin
or stamps." Money back if not satisfied.
Address: MLLE. LUCILE LORRAINE. Suite 419 Security Bldg.,
Dept. Ad. 1. Los Angeles. California.
NOTE: Mile. Lorraine is interested in Jielpine ladies who are
seeking to improve their appearance and therefore oilers ABSOLUTE
LY FREE with each copy of her Beauty Book, a coupon having a cash
value of 25 cents, on condition that you reply within 10 days.
HELLO!
Mr. Young
Fellow
Yes, we have your num
ber have it in
Sfyl8p!usdtj7
Clothes..
" e fca"r!!; Lbt world over.
Most certainly, the very
thing for you!
Yes, same good quality
" and price as heretofore!
How?
Great volume and cost
reducing methods learned
by specializing on a Suit
at one price.
You say you'll be hi
Tomorrow.
We'll look for you,
Goodbye!
lectively, and their young woman ac
companist is reputed an artist.
This is the second of the series of
six entertainments arranged by the
1 local lyeeum committee, all of which
re included in the tickets of admis
sion sold when the season started.
The quartette will be here tonight
j only.
VILLA SLAUGHTERS ALL
CHINESE IN TORREON.
LAREDO, Jan. 3. Every Chinese
I and Syrian in Torreon was killed by
i Villa forces when they evacuated that
' city, according to advices received to,
day from unusually well inKrnied Mex-
lean sources here.
I HEAD STUFFED FROM
CATARRH OR A COLD $
T Says Cream Applied In Nostrils J
. X .Opens Air Passages Right Up.
&
i instant relief no waiting. Vour
j clogged nostrils open right up; the air
passages of your head clear and you
j can breathe freely. No more hawking,
'snuffing, blowing, headache, dryness.
No struggling for breath at night; your
cold or catarrh disappears.
Get a small bottle of Ely's Cream
Balm. from ur druggist now. "Apply
a little of this fragrant, antiseptic,
healing cream in your nostrils. It pen
erates through every air passage of the
head, soothes the inflamed or swollen
mucous membrane and relief comes In
stantly. It's just fine. Don't stay stuffed up
I with a cold or nasty catarrh.
LYRIC
5c
TODAY
"BEYOND THE LAW
Three Reel Drama.
"ALL FOR A GIRL"
A Rollicking Comedy.
5c