MARKETS
WEATHER.
NEW YORK CITY
Average crlce of cop
per for week ending
Feb. 28, 37.50.
Arizona Not much
change in temperature
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
- 1 ,e'J0MJaiRlCE RYE CENTS
VOL. 19. NO. 236.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, SATURDAY MORNING, MARCH 10, 1917.
D
E5
ERS SHIPS
ED GERMANY NOW 1ST BACK D
I
U. S. Troops In Cuba
Fear Rebel Attack
Revolters Check Flight and Return To Guerilla Warfare at
Outskirts of Santiago, Where 40C-Ifuejackets and Marines
Have Been .Landed To Protect Foreigners General
Attack Thought Developing.
'By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Mar. 9- Am
erican marine and bluejackets oc
cupying Santiago, recently the
stronghold of the Cuban revolu
tionists, appear from latest navy
dispatches to be facing the possi
bility of an attack by the rebel
bands waging guerilla warfare in
the city's suburbs.
Big Attack Develops
The dispatch, apparently sever
al hours behind press dispatches,
said the rebels had turned back
after fleeing the city and were do
ing considerable damage around
the outskirts in a movement that
showed some signs of developing
a general attack.
Cuban government troops under
General Betancourt were report
ed hurrying to Santiago to rein
SUIT TO DISOLVE
U. S. STEEL BEGINS
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Mar. 9. The su
preme court today began considera
tion of the federal dissolution suit
against the United States Steel Cor
poration, its subsidiaries and officers.
Argument will continue until next
Wednesday. Only seven of the nine
justices are sitting in the case. Jus
tice' Brandeis, retired, it is under
stood, because of public expressions
before his appointment in writings
and official investigations, regarding
the so-called "steel trust." Justice
McReynolds, while attorney general
participated in the federal prosecu
tion, which was begun in lflll during
President Taft's administration.
In opening the government's case.
Assistant Attorney General Todd pic
tured the corporation as a "colossal
super-combination" of competing un
its, producing approximately one-hall
of the nation's iron and steel output
and controlling assets of more than
f 2,000.000,000. He declared it "was
grossly overcapitalized." Promoters
he said, received "enormous" profits
and prices had "violently risen" after
the corporation was formed 16 years
ago.
Outlining the defense, Richard V.
Lindabury contended that the Sher
man law does not prohibit combina
tions merely for size and power alone.
CARRANZA AT QUERETARO
TO AWAIT ELECTION.
QUERETARO, Mex., March 9. Gen
eral Carranza is expected to reach
Queretaro today or early tomorrow.
He will remain here over Sunday
when the national elections are to be
held.
General Carranza was joined yester
day by the American ambassador,
Henry P. Fletcher, the Chilean min
ister,
Antonio Ajacfo, and the former
ambassador at Washington, Eliseo
Arredondo, Ygnacio Bonillas, the new
ambassador to Washington, and For
eign Secretary Aguilar. Subsequently
these men took a special train for
Mexico City.
DUTCH SHIPS PROMISED
SAFE SAILINGS BY GERMANY
THE HAGUE via London. Mar. 9.
The Dutch, government has been noti-1
fied by Germany that from March 15,
absolute safety can be assured for
shipping through the Norm Sea chan-
nel west of Denmark, through which
trans-Atlantic traffic must pass. '
fRv Review Leased Wire) l
iv!Hir.Tn March 9. Leaders
in nl.r. rreptfJ
with approval President Wilsons call .
for a special session on April 16.
There has been a feeling evident
that congress should be in Washing
ton when the President takes any
step further in the German situation.
The length of the special session, the
legislation it will enact and the
de-
$500,000,000 IS
EXTRA SESSION;
bates that may mark Us progress will ! famous filibuster against the armed I course through proper committees. employing every means at their corn
depend largely on three factors just 1 neutrality bill last Sunday left on its j Unless there are radical changes in nia"J l defeat the measure, just as
what legislation the President ex- calendars many measures besides ap- the measures that the house repasses. the opponents of the 'force bill did
pects what results, the arming Of ; propriatinn bills which the administra- j but little lime need be lost in the some -5 years ago. They are respon
American merchant ships; even the ; tion probably w ill ask again at the I senate, w here legislation already con- sible to their constituents and to them
way the new house of representatives coming session. sidered can be given formal attention alone.
conducts itself with its evenly bal-1 Appropriation bills which failed in-; in short order. The appropriation Tn; I,lost important effect of the fin
anced membership. j eluded the army, sundry civil, general ; bills must be passed by July 1. when buster will be to compel an extra ses
The Democrats control the new sen-: deficiency and military academy bills I the federal fiscal year ends and this s'o" of congress and that can hardly
ate by 12 votes and despite its bitter
force the small government gar
rison, however, and many officials
believed the rebels would stay out
of the city proper and avoid any
clash with the Americans. Al
though the loss of Santiago is re
garded here as marking the col
lapse of the revolution, it was re
alized that a continuation of the
guerilla campaign in outlying sec
tions may make serious the work
of the government commanders.
Much Havoc Wrought
When the rebels fled they left a
notification that they would con
tinue to refuse allegiance to the
tfenocal administration and al
ready they are reported to have
destroyed several bridges and to
have wrought great havoc in the
cane fields of the Santiago district.
Sailors Released By Germany
Take Train For Switzerland
(By Review Leased Wire.)
BERLIN, March 8. (by wireless Tuckerton, March 9.) Fifty
nine Americans taken from vessels sunk by the German raider in the
South Atlantic and brought to Swinemuende on January 1 on board
the captured British steamer Yarrowdale, wer released from quar
antine today and left at 4 p. m. tor the Swiss frontier. The route.,
over which thsy departed was the one chosen for their return by the
United States government. News of the impending release was con
veyed t them in the detention camp at Brandenburg yesterday by
the Associated Press correspondent.
Most of them were seamen and were unaware that the Georgic
and Mount Temple upon which steamers they had shipped were armed
merchantmen and were considered by Germany as fair prizes of war.
The majority of them live in Boston, Brooklyn or Philadelphia. Their
detention for the last 23 days was due to the disosvery of spotted
typhus fever in their camp.
Wheat Valued At
Million Burned By
Detroit Tire Bug'
(By Review Leased Wire)
DETROIT. March 9. Rumors
that an incendiary started the
fire which today destroyed the De
troit Elevator company with the
loss of 700,000 bushels of export
graTn caused the United States
district attorney's office to begin
an investigation to , determine
whether there had been a viola
tion of American neutrality.
Estimates of the loss were
placed at more than' $1,000,000.
SANTIAGO'S PEACE KEPT
BY AMERICAN FORCES
SANTIAGO. Cuba, Mar. 9. Major
Rigobert Fernandez, leader of
the ,
Liberal forces, left Santiago
last '
night with his troops and many civil
ians. Before leaving he liberated all
political prisoners. The city contin-
ues peaceful under the protection of
American sailors.
An engagement is reported in the
vicinity of San Luis and many com
batants are said to have been killed
and wounded. The cane field at Sa
tillo and Santa Ana have been de
stroyed as well as all railroad bridg
es of the Cuba Company and three
locomotives of the same railroad.
RAIN STOPS CUBS, SEALS.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 9.
Chicago Nationals vs. San Francisco
Pacific coast postponed until tomor-lround
row. Wet grounds.
T BE VOTED BY
1
Y VITAL BILLS TO Stiff
debates on international Droblems and t
its failure to pass the armed neutrali-
'y 11 can De "aieiy counted upon
most anything he asks in handling
the uerman situation. The little
group Of pacifists are still there but
their power to defeat legislation
'would be negligible in a session that
might last until December, even with
out the modification cloture rule w hich
the senate adopted yesterday.
The congress that ended with the
carrying more than f 500,000,000. Gen-
PRESIDENT TO BE
OUT OF BED TODAY.
WASHINGTON. March 9.
President Wilson, probably will
be cnniincd in bed at least one
more lav because of the cold
fi'.im which Ik- lias Irt'i'ii suffer-
ins sirup Monday. Dr. Cury T.
. Grayson, his physician, ."aid to-
night that although his fcer had
disappeared he thought it better
that the President rest completely
for at least another day.
$$S:3
U, S. Woman Held
As Spy At Bermuda
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. .March 9. The
Britisn admiralty ordered the
British steamship Vauban, bound
for this city from South Ameri
can ports, to change her course
and stop at Bermuda where wo
men agents of the government
searched Mrs. J. V. Zink, an Amer
ican, passengers asserted when
the vessel arrived here today.
Mrs. Zink was lOrecd to surren
der a packet of papers. She is
the wife of an American drug
salesman now in South America.
School of Aviation
TakenBy L. S. Army
(By Review Leased Wire)
PHILADELPHIA. Mar. 9. The war
department decided today to take over
the Philadelphia School of Aviation,
neear the Philadelphia Navy Yard,
for the organization of an air squad
ron, according to a telegram received
from General George O. Squier, head
of the aviation section of the war de
partment. There are two hangars at
the school which includes IS acres.
The present hangars can accommo
date 12 aeroplanes.
EVERETT I. W. W. TRIAL
FOR MURDER IS OPENED.
SEATTLE. March 9. Prosecuting
county, made the opening address to-
day in the trial of Thomas H
Tracy,
charged with the murder of Deputy
Sheriff" Jeffersou Beard at Everett,
' v v, r i . . ;.. : V, rA
.uvvriiiuc-r v. mm, ill a iiftiii- uiab i ji
lowed the arrival of a "free speech"
expedition sent from Industrial Work
ers of the World in Seattle to Everett
(or the announced purpose Of holding
a street meeting. Black said the state
would show that Tracy was a leader
in the shooting, a bullet from his
pistol being among the first fired.
O'TOOLE OUTBOXES ANDERSON.
EL PASO. March 9. Tommy
O'Toole, of Wilkesbane, Pa., a Penn
sylvania artilleryman, and champion
lightweight boxer of the border forces,
knocked out Freddie Anderson, of
Cani'ouver. Washington, in the 16th
of a scheduled 20 round bout
here today.
CONGRESS IN
eral leeislation urecd bv the Presi
dent included an act to supplement ;
the Adamson railroad law, enlarge-
ment of the interstate commerce com-
mission: conservation laws, including
opnpral .lm i..l water w hills-
thw whh hill to leealizo i.iinf f..rwin ;
sellin
agencies and a land leasing
bill.
Although all the appropriation bills
that failed had cone through the Old
house, they must go through the new
one again and must take the usual
fact will be a spur to action. J
UP,
GERMANY HAS1 s?isi0!iT0f Corefs A!s
LAST
WAR UP TO
"We Are Determined to Carry
Our Submarine War to the.
End," Declares Zimmer-;
; man, Defiant.
i
! SAYS FATE OF U.S. j
RESTS WITH WILSON
Sinkings Meet Germany's
Fondest Hopes, He Says,
Yet Nation Still Holds Out
the Olive Branch.
(By Review Leased Wire)
AMSTERDAM, Mar. 9. (via
London) Dutch newspapers pub
lish the following statement
made by Dr. Alfred Zimmermann,
the German foreign secretary, to
a representative of a Budapest
newspaper:
"As far as the United States
is concerned, we have spoken our
last word and the decision is In
President Wilson's hands.
"We are determined to carry
through the submarine war to the
end. The results of unrestricted
submarine war thus far have been
very satisfactory.
"Still Want Peace!"
"As to peace, I may say that de
spite the refusal of our peace offer
Germany still stands by the words of
the imperial chancellor-ami is prepar-
j ed to place herself at the head of an
j alliance of states for the maintenance
I of the world's peace.
! Other Neutrals O. K.
"As to European neutrals, I believe
there will be no change in their pres
ent relations with us in the course of
the war. Neutral ship owners should
give up their trade with England.
They have made enough money and
can afford to bear the loss of English
trade. They will soon recognize that
it is to their interests to keep their
ships at home so that they may use
them to the best advantage after the
war."
Dr. Zimmermann added that the mil
Itary situation is entirely satisfactory
to Germany.
BRYAN OPPOSES
OF
Also Would Keep Americans
at Home, Defends Filibust
er, and Reasserts Scheme
To Obtain Peace.
NEW YORK, March 9 A resolution
advocating the appointment of a joint
High Commission to endeavor to set
jtle the questions at issue between our
government and Germany, was adopt
ed at a mass meeting here tonighL
under the auspices of the Emergency
Peace Federation. Another resolution
called on President Wilson to sum
mon all the great powers to discuss
plans for organized and continuous
peaceful relations between nations."
A message was read from Wm. J.
Bryan in which he said h'e did not be
lieve the government should arm ves
sels carrying munitions.
"If the question was submitted to
the American people," he said, "an
Overwhelming majority would. In my
judgment
favor keeping Americans
" ueuigerciu
china un,l la-nn1l alin .
exclude arms and ammunition from
American and neutral ships carry-
ing passengers from the United States
to Europe."
Discussing the failure of the armed
neutrality bill to pass the senate, Mr.
Bryan said:
'The bill proposed by the President
aroused deep feeling on both sides
na ulosc opposea to u leu jusiuied in
I be regarded as a great evil.'
SHIPS
Lallea oy Wilson tor April lb;
Warlike Steps Thrills Capital
WASHINGTON, March 9. President Wilson from a sick bed today ordered the arm
ing of American merchant ships against Germany's ruthless submarine warfare, and at the
same time issued a proclamation calling an extra session of congress to meet April 16.
' The President's decision came suddenly late this afternoon following the action of the
Senate yesterday in revising its rules to permit prompt action on important legislation and
the submission of the formal opinions by Secretary Lansing and Attorney General Gergory
that he has the power to arm merchantmen without action of congress,
j Is Last Step Short of War.
35, $
ATTACK MEANS WAR.
Armed neutrality is expected
to remove the practical blockade
of American ports and place the
issue of eventual war squarely
upon Germany. An attack upon
an armed American vessel will
precipitate a fight if the ship
gets sight of the submarine, and
an unwarned attack would be re
garded by the United States as
an act of war.
NEXT CONGRESS
Both Big Parties Are Claiming
Control, But Unbiased See
Bitter Organization Fight
Likely.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, March 9. Optimis
tic forecasts for the control of the
next house came from Democratic and
Republican leaders tonight when they
heard of the President's call for an
extra session of congress April 16.
Many unbiased observations, however,
foresee only a long and bitter organiza
tion light unless a coalition agree
ment prevents.
Both Speaker Clark and Representa
tive Woods of Iowa, chairman of the ;
Republican congressional committee (
predicted victory for their respective
parties. Each said his party was as- j
sured Of at least 218 votes and at this j
probably would be its minimum j
strength. !
Evenly Divided. I
The official standing of the inrom-j
ing house is: Republicans, 215: Denio-j
crats, 214: Prohibitionist, one; Inde-!
pendent, one; vacant, one. The varan- j
cy exists in the fifteenth New York i
district, which is overwhelmingly
Democratic. Under the New York
thi- h fi'nH u..r.sra
the extra session begins if a special
election is called before next Friday.
G. O. P. Worried.
uepuuucan leauers are worrieu over
the illness of three of their members
1 . 1. ....... ........ . . t t ..... 1. !..
uuu me Biaieiiirui. t'l a iuui iu mtii
he does not favor Representative
Mann for speaker. Representative
Hill of Connecticut, Sulloway of New
COMPLEXION
BAFFLES
Hampshire, and Graham of Pennsyl
vania are ill. Though their condition CITY MANAGER PLAN IS
Is not serious there are fears that Hill' ADOPTED BY WICHITA
and SullOway may not be out for some I WICHITA, Kas.. Mar. 9. This city
time. Representative Heintz of Con- j today adopted the manager plan of
cinnati, who succeeds Representative
Allan, a Democrat, recently stated In
a letter In reply to query that he
(Continued on Page Seven)
AS
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. March 9. Lacking
legal authority to establish general
; censor sn.p. lie auiiiimsirauou
appealed to the P tr U.tisi, , of 'thetoun-
. "J ""'pr". v"''"'V-'
t suppress
information about the
' numbers of American merchant craft.
now to be armed against German sub
marines.
"The best news that can be read Is
that the government will protect the
rights of Americans to the freedom of
the seas.
"The publication of details can serve
no good purpose and might jeopardize
human lives." a statement reads.
Navy yard commanders will super
intend the actual installation Of guns
on merchant craft. The rifles, already
stored at the yards, range rrom heavy
six inch to three Inch weapons and
i smaller guns. The number of guns to
SAILINGS
1
1
"""" " The only statement at the white House and the navy
department was that the President was determined to protect
i American rights. The decision coming at the end of a period
nf tpnte waitinor w crenprallv
i , j j i i rj i i 111 it
i step in the policy adopted by the rresident when he broke off
diplomatic relations with Germany and gave warning that the
.. , . . , J , . , .
I J 1J .. ..1
unuea oiaies couia not toieraie auacKS on American snips
and citizens in violation of international law.
Plot Helped Prompt It
Fraught with the grave possibility of war with German-,
the action was taken by President Wilson only after he was
convinced that Germany actually was proceeding with her
campaign of ruthlessness and had made efforts to plot with
Mexico and Japan against the territorial integrity of the
l United States.
! Ships Are Already Arming.
! Long before the order was given from the White House, all
I . r .1 r i ii
necessary preparations ror tne arming or merchantmen had
been completed at the navy department. Secretary Daniels,
however, issued an appeal to the press of the nation to refrain
from discussing these preparations. The President' action
sent a thrill through the senate, meeting in special session, and
through the government departments. Still hoping that war
with Germany will be avoided, officials and senators declared
that the issue rests entirely with Germany.
S. SHIP SINKS IN
STORM OFF SPAIN.
PARIS. March 9. A Havas dis
patch to the Havas Agency from
Madrid says the storm continues
throughout Spain. Nine ships
broke from their anchorages at
Algecieras. One American
schooner, the name of which is
not given, and one British vessel
collided and both sank. Seven
other vessels were driven ashore.
GAMBLING BILL!
ALSO PASSES I
Belated word received early this !
morning from Phoenix, destitute of I
I details, said the appropriation bill.
the county classifications bill, the red
light abatement bill and the anti
gambling bill were passed by both
houses of the legislature. Passage of
tht first two bills, it is thought, mav
n k unnecessary the calling uf the
' I
legislature together again at this
time. The bills were sent to the gov
ernor. city government as authorized by a
state law enacted less than a month
ago. Tl Dorado, Kas.. also adopted
i the city manager plan today.
0. S. PORTS TO
I
f
go on each ship, the personell select
ed from the active list of the navy or
from the reserve to handle the guns,
the time of sailing or the names of
ships that have been armed will not
be disclosed.
Secretary Daniels in his statement
to newspaper men said :
"You have read the statement is
sued from the White House and now
you know that the President has the!
power to arm American merchant
ARMS
ships making trips on the seas on law-i There is no power of censorsuip in
ful errands, and is free to exercise ' our country. The President does not
it at once. I do not think you ought have any authority over the pre?s. In
to ask with what guns they will be I this time of national emergency I feet
armed or bow they will be manned Or! sure tat every newspaper will accede
exactly when the power will be ex- to the request not to give even a hint
ercised. The government should be 'or speculation of the sailing of Ameri
trusted fully to carrv out the policy lean ships. Such publication might re
announced in the best way. I suit in the loss of lite. As the rea
"I do not think you ought to ask 'sons are so obvious for n:ak:n this
when the ships w ill be armed or print (Continued on Page Five.
hallfvl ac th unavnUkL nvt
... 1 1
Call to Congress
Formal announcement of the
government's policy wns given In
the following announcement is
sued by the White House:
"Whereas public interests re
quire that the congress of the
United States should be convened
in extra session at 12 o'clock noon
cn the day of April. 1917, to re
ceive such communications as
may be made by the executive:
" "Now, therefore, I, Woodrow
Wilson, President of the United
Statss of America, do hereby pro
claim and declare an extraordi
nary occasion requires the con
gress of the United States to con
vene in extra session at the Capi
tol in the City of Washington on
the 16th day of April, 1917, at 12
o'clock noon, of which all persons
who shall at that time be entitled
to act as members thereof are
hereby requested to take notice.
"Given under my hand and tne
seal of the United States of Amer
ica, the ninth day of March in the
year of Our Lord, one thousand
nire hundred and seventeen, and
of the independence of the Unit
ed States the one hundred and
forty-fi rst."
Congress' Aid Vital
The following statement was
issued:
"Secretary Tumulty stated in
connection with the President's
call for an extra session of con
gress that the President is con
vinced he has the power to arm
American merchant ships and is
free to exercise it at once. But
so much necessary legislation is
pressing for passage that he is
convinced that it is for the inter
ests of the country to have an
(Concluded on Page Seven)
I
!
BE KEPT SECRET
! when they will sail. Today I request
ed every cable company in America,
not to send out any news alOut sail
ing to or from Europe. The wireless
stations are under the direction of the
navy department and no news of sa'l
ints will go out by radio.
"I am going to request you and every'
newspaper anil every news agency in
the United States not to print news
about the arrival of ships or hen any
of them will sail for European ports.
PRESS COOPERATES TWO
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, MARCH 10, 1917.
DOUBLE VOTES FOR H ORDERS
OFFERED TILL SATURDAY. 1R 17
H SUMMARY
Titter fighting lias taken place in
Champagne, with the French with-
! standing German attacks and taking
: further trenrhes. says the latest
: Flench official conmiiinication. Be-
TK'is Ic Ynnr last Chnr to (lain a Distinctive Lead Before i tween Unite du .Mesnil and Maisons
iml Vole Schedule Takes a Crash to the Minimum If
; de Champagne. French troops, took
You Are Going to Win You Must Be After Subscriptions noith or the road running between
y j T i the two places. The number of Ger-
lOuay. . ! ,nans taken bv the French in the past
davs in this region now totals
an awful crash after March 17.
Don't be afraid to boost the Review
It in recognized as one of the best
papers in Arizona, and has the best
Associated
can buy. Don't think that you
Just two weeks from this day the
Review's Gieater Automobile and
Prize contest will come to an end,
and everyone is anxiously waiting to
see who the owners cf '.he three fine
cars are coins to be. Nothing is suie
except death and taxes, it is said: but . asking something for nothing. It is
it is a sure thing in this contest that lust the other way. Hy subscribing
only those who persevere now will be from you for a period of six months,
the victors. i they save fifty cents, and don't have
One candidate stands ju:U as good j to be bothered with a collector for the
a chance as another. True, there are ' next half of the year,
a few who have fallen behind, but Everything is up to you. The Con-
who knows but that those few will ; test Kdi'or has told you just what has i the
catch up to their competitors miring happened all along, lie told you at
the coming week. i the start of the contest that the votes
The race is too close for co'nfort as would be reduced fiom time to ti'i.e.
it now stands, and there is but little and he h;;s kept faith and will contin
difference in the actual standing of i "e to do so until the end. There are
those who range from firsf to twelfth ' no more coupons. ;!nd there will be
positions. i no more bonus votes allowed for the
The Test ; return of receipt books after March
The test of strength and perserver- j 17. This practically weans :it0o votes
am.e of quick reaction to take ad- less for every $7.50 worth of snhscrip
vantage of the big Double Vote Offer! Hons figuring 4'H votes extra to the
that goes into effect today, is what the dollar for the return of the stub re
ronfpst editor is watching. Those who : c i't rooks.
start today and keep up the pace be- There
fore this Lisr offr is sent crashing to dates w
two
I 170.
Three violent attacks were launch
ed by the Germans in the Maisons de
Champagne sector. The German ef-
Press service that money forts failed, Paris says, and the . at-
are i lackers left many dead on the ground.
The French attack Thursday, it is an
nounced, included the blowing up of
German works on a front of 1500 met
ers to a depth of 60(1 to SOU meters.
German trenches on height 1S3 and
at Maisons de Champagne. Berlin re
ports, were entered hy the French in
r attacks, but the positions later
will be no p'ace for candi
o wait until the last week. I
On another pase of this isi-ue two c!r
cles appear, a large one and a niall ,
me within. Play the large one for ail
you are worth and you'll win.
THORPE TO LOUISVILLE
the bottom '? March 17 should he the
final heavv competitors. They will
gain a distinct advantage over those
who delav until next Monday and
Tuesday to start their Double Vote ,
skirmish in other words they will be j
iust two or three days ahead. Can i
you afford to lose even an hour while r
victory is being weighed in the ba!-j LOl'ISVILLE. Ky.. Mar.' 9. James
ance " ' Thorpe. Indian athlete, has been ob-
You are into it to win. your friends ! taii.eil by the Louisville Ameriin
are with you until the last ballot Is ' Association club in a deal whereby
polled. Show them that you are go- Pitcher Jiiildleton was sold to the
ing to maxe this week your banner j New York Nationals, according to a
period of the contest, and for good-' telegram from Athens. Ga.. where the
ness sake wake yotir friends up to I I;uisvi!Ie tejm is training. Thorpe
the fact that the vote schedule takes J played with Milwaukee last season.
were regained except for a far.n near
height 1S5. Vigorous artillery action
in the Chaninagne region is also an
nounced by Berlin.
Flsewhere on the western front
there have been raids by French.
Biitish and German troops. Nine
rails. London says, were made by the
Germans against the British trenches
north of Wnlverghem. between Ar
nientieres and Ypres. London reports
the capture cf some prisoners from
the German raiders and a successful
Pritish rr.id south of Biaches.
Colder weather again has returned
to the western front, accompanied by
gales and snow, and is interfering
with operations on a large scale.
Sis hundred prisoners were taken
by Austro-Gernian forces in an attack
on Russian positions between the
Trotus and Czul valleys in wesJ-rn
T II... ...... ... A ,..(. tlirt.o
, 11. I rilVpJI CTCI.i- U1IH ,
BAKERVILLE MAN IS
HELD TO ANSWER ON
A FELONY CHARGE
County Attorney Makes a
Strong Argument for Strict
Enforcement of Law Gov
erning Motorists' Actions
After Accidents.
heights were taken by the attackers
and adds that the Russians are mak
ing counter attacks.
There has been no marked ac
in the other fields. Petrograd reports
some Russian activity north of Krzin
gan. in Armenia, and an advance
southwest of Sakkiz, Persia, toward
the Turkish border.
Harry Felsrud, of Bakerville, was
bound over to await the action of the
superior court at the conclusion of his
preliminary hearing before Judge J.
L. Winters, in Lowell justice court,
yesterday afternoon. Felsrud is held
on a charge of having failed to stop
bis automobile after striking anothei
car. This offense is now classed as a
felony. Felsrud was released on $100
bail.
The complaining witness in the
case. George Soniorzirh. testified yes
terday that, while he and four com
panions were riding toward Lowell
on the Douglas road. Felsrud had driv
en his cur into theirs and had then
driven on for a mile without stopping.
Somorzich and his companions all de
clared that the ntf.chine they were
in was on the right side of the road
and was- traveling slowly at the time
Vol the accident, about 11 o'clock Sun
day night. Somorzich said that he
jumped into a passing car and pur
sued Felsrud, who had stopped about I
a mile beyond ti'e scene of the acci-j
dent. The two men became involved i
' in an argument over the accident and
Felsrud drove od again without return
ing to the scene of the collision. j
Admits Accident !
Felsrud. while on the stand in his!
own behalf, admitted colliding with i
the car. but stated that R. 11. Steele,
who was riding with him. had looked
back alter the accident and told him
the oMir car had not stoopi .!. :
I Felsrud said he was so excited he did :
I not think about stopping until he was'
.. i about a awav. He admined that i
.llll t ... t ;,! r I (nn:i"or J;w1rii.ii
iieiiner lie nor eiiner rii rp iui men ..............
Shake Off That Grip
When Spring comes, with its changeable weather
and your exposure, it is best to clear away all the
symptoms left after an attack of grip. That evil
disease leaves you weakened, and when its victim
attempts to "do his bit" he exposes himself to the risk of a second
attack, for which he is less prepared, and which may have graver
consequences.
There's Danger in Delay
April and May are pneumonia months. In this time a weak
ened system is a constant source of danger, for the pneumonia
and grip infections are in the cir, and after a long winter the
body is so clogged with waste it cannot resist them. Fortify
the health, remove the catarrh, and improve the digestion.
For Quick
Relief
PERUNA
This reliable tonic is rpeommer.dcd to remove the waste
from the body, counteract the catarrhal poisons and allay the
inflammation that is catarrh, restore the regular appetite and
tone up the entire system to resist disease. A well man is safe.
As a tonic after grip it has won many commendations, while its effect
iveness in catarrhal conditions is unquestioned. Take no chances Take
Peruna.
Peruna Tablet are always ready to take. Yea may carry a box
ttth yam and ward off cold and chill. The liquid medicine in your
komm it a great safeguard. Protect your family.
The Perura Coirip.-.nr, Colurobux, Ohio
I
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD .
GROCER
i
i
j Phone 29.
(
I
i
don't be content
with taste alone
You had to be up to lately. But not
any more.
Because this new Chesterfield Ci.'ireiic
not only pleases the tasle but, in addition,
gives smokers a ncic kind of cigarette enjoy
ment Chesterfields let you kntrx you av .smoking
they "SATISFY"
And yet, they're vnhl!
The blend is what docs it the nac r:ul
skilful proportioning of the pure, natural
IinjMjrted and .Domestic tobr.e
cos. And the blend can't bt
copied.
Try Chesterfields. Tcdr
20rlCK
St
CIGARETTES
jTlMPOKTED and DOMESTIC fobaccos-BIended
GLADYS HULETTE IS
FEATUREAT CENTRAL
"Her New York" Name of
Play Appearing at Lowell
Theatre Tonight
One cf the best scenes in "Her
New York." the Pat'ne (Jold KooMer
play, produced by Thanhouscr. whicli
will show at the
with hint had udt avored to find out ! Central theatre today, shows Gladys
I if anyone in Sonioi zich's car had been i Hulette as Phoebe, her boy husb:ind
injured and that they had also failed ; :
i to report the accident to either the
DoukI.is or liishee authorities. Fels
rud claimed that he stopped at last to
ascertain the extent of damage to his
I car and to turn around and so back to
I see if the other machine had been
damaged.
i Steele testified that lie had looked- '
back twice after the accident and had BB. ic rrr- i
1 seen the Somorzich car coin?; on down BT BeiBf Constantly Supplied With
ine roan. i ins coniucien witti the
testimony of the five passengers in
Somorzich's machine. wJm testified
j th.it the cur in which they were rid-
ini; had been turned almost complete
ly around by the impact of the coll is-'
ion and. with one wheel torn to pieces
had stopped on one sid- of the road. '
Steele also testified that Kulsrud had
stopped his car on Recount of the fact
that one of the fenders had been cav
ed in until it was scraping on the tire
Ross Upholds Law i
In presenting the state's argument 1
to the court, t'ouuty Attorney John F. '
Res, in charge of the prosecution.
called attention to the fact that Fels-
! rud had not returned to the scene of ,
' the accident for the sole reason that :
. he had not liked the way Somorzich
had addressed him when the latter .
! overtook him on the road. The c-oun- i
I ty attorney declared that
Somorzich used polite langua
and adopted baby eating a pet chicken
wl.'jse generous egg manufacturing
abilities had made possible Phoebe's
trip to "her" New York. Phoebe says
on the screen that she feels as it she's
eating her best friend and doesn't en
joy the drumstick a bit. I
Such an experience was realn ;i::a
by Agnes C. Johnson w ho wrote '" 'Her
New York". "I can never forget when
my pet Plymouth Rock, Myrtle, had t
EYE NERVE GLASSES
Permanently located
in Bisbee, except
Mondays in Douglas
v-'' Koom l. Maze
Building.
DR. R. GLAZE. Neurologist.
Phone 156.
Residence Phone, Black 420.
O. K. LIVERY and
to go to the block in my childhood j UiL.K 1 C-U
nays in -ew urieans, saui .wiss joim-1
FAMILY AVOIDS
SERIOUS SICKNESS
Thedford's Black-DraajLt.
son. "There was a meat and chicken
famine at the time in New Oilcans
and the family decreed that Myrtle
had to go. I wouldn't eat a bite of her
and wept for seven hours."
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot. Ambulance
NEO-BEAUTY SHCP
Xeo-P!astiiue Massage, manicuring
a specialty. Your patronage solicit
ed. Ladies and gentlemen. Mrs. K'.
si" M. Sawyer. I oni 1G, Joiinwn Ho
tel. Advertisement. ISO
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
McDuff. Va. "I suffereci for several
rears," says Mrs. J . B. Whin alter, ol
his place, "with sick headache, and
stomach trouble.
1 en year; aD fl friend '.cio me to try
i;it.
i Felsrud should
Itiediord's lliicfc-UrauL'ht. viiicli I d;
:nd 1 (ound it to bu the best iatniiy medi
cine tor young ana oiu.
I keep Black-Draught on hand al! the
im nnw. and when mv chiirirpn fpl a
little bad, they ask me for a dose, and it
. does them more good than any medicine j
they ever tried.
We never have a lonj spell of sick- !
aess in our family, since we commenced
using Black-Draught"
Thedford's Bir.ck-Draueht is curdy
. . ' irepetable. and has been found to reuu-
whether :a(e weal stomachs, aid dicestion, re-
e Or not in fT.lirn rnlic ttiinH n!tcp9
.k.ta 't 1 1
! How's Ttiis?
j We oer One Hutuhu.l Doha's
' Reward for any ca-e of Catarrh
! that cannot be cureJ by IIali:a
Catarrh Cure.
F. J. CHENEY CO.. Toledo. O.
We. the uiulersiKned. I . kn inn K J.
Cher.oy fvT the Ijst IS years, ami b-H.
' him perfectly htnuraljU i:i :iU bi.iiurts
; transflrtiur.s an! rin:u:ri:tlly r.bu- t- ' in;'
I OUl ltll flOllliltt HITi.H U-;1: IIS IMS ill!-.
. NATIONAL. BANK OK COM.IKK''"K.
I Tol-"1i.
I Ha!l Cat.-rrh Ciire is U'.kn iuteniallv.
actinff directly upon the hle.nl an.l mi
l i-ons nrfacs of the sy:-it -tm. 'liimon'.iW
sent fr. Pi ire 75 c-nts pr bottle, bnld
jj- all Pmccists.
Take Uali'a Farafly pii: for co.v :!uuoa
HEINO & KEANE
Cleaning, Pressing and Re
pairing $1.25 a Suit.
Suits from $25 to $55.
All work done on the premises
j ' by Union Tailors.
! Phone 677, Johnson Addition.
CHICHESTER S PILlS
4 Kl-k v.tr Iiatmotl Hrm4V
TL Mk liny f jmttw '
llru A ('-rnil llfTFH
. WM f'HM PII.L,f-c i
SOLD PY CSfLT-fiSIS EVFfiVHNLtt
i "V
have done everything , nMd.irh sicV stomach, and similar
in his power to assist hint. Felsrnd's jymntoms.
ear by his own and Steel s testimony, i t, k. mr. '
il naa v. I. iii buiisiaui mw vi ii.w. b i
contended Mr. Ross, was in perfect
running order after the accident,
while the Somorzich machine was
wrecked, and yeV Felsrud neglected
to even imiuire whether or not any
one in the other car had been injured.
Mr. Koss declared that, owing to the
danger from reckless driving
1 P.isbee-Douglas road, the law
ing to the case should be rigorously
enforced for the safety of the public.
I Attorney John S. Willia-es, for the
I di fendant. argued that Felsrud had
j stopped and had given Soniorzirh all
'he information the latter had siiii.ht.
Me contended that if Felsrud had vio
I lated the law in any way. it w:is due
j to i'-'iiorauce ;unl not to any wilful in
j tent to commit a crime.
County Attorney Koss was assisted
! in the. examination by Attorney S. W.
j Kyle of this city.
!han 70 years, and has benefited more
than a million people.
Your druggist sells and recommends
Black-Draught I'nce o. . (Jet a
cu.kase to-day. N. c u3
KANSAS CITY. March . Ilarvv
on the i Tl.jrpe. Kansas City lightweight, won
appiy- a referee decision here tonight over
Arlos Fanning of Ilirtlesville, Okla..
i " 1 1
I ( M l
Vatkins & Bergquist
Quality Jewelers
The Best Opticians
The HALLMrRK"
i rore
"THE LIBERTINE" AT
EAGLE THEATRE TODAY !
IS BIG MASTERPIECE
I !
j Today ami tomorrow at the Fugle .
j theatre there will he shown a picture
I without an eipial. It is proclaimed
hy some i tin- greatest critics to lie
the best picture ot its kind cvt made.
( It was reviewed hy the clergy just
i after it was completed and Hie follow !
j ing ;. remarks were made hy Kcv. :
I Thomas 1!. Cregory about "The Lib- j
;ertine":
! "It doesn't hint anybody to he.
! brought tare to face with the truth.
especially when all that ill life is
j worth living for it at stake; and
; would enjoy nothing more that the
I thought that every ,Jung girl in the
I greater city is to see "The Libertine."
It would open their e.cs. It would
j make them sit up and think- in it
j word. 1 would torewaru ami forearm
,lln ni lor the time when they may run
; across just such soulless scramps ss
this same Jim .Mills.
, There is altogether too mm h mock
j modesty in the world. Life itself Is
grimly real, and its laws keep on wiih
the remorsi dessncsrf ,.f Juggernaut,
j There is a law as ri::id as that !r ,
i which the planets :wii'g. and lu re it
i: "lie not deceived, tlod is not
mocked, for whatever a man soweth.
tli:.l -Ul.t '! tls'i rJTi"
It is a winter :: v.hic!i
claims thousands every scasor.
Scott's Emulsion
v.'ill strengthen and fortify y ,u
against Grippe, ar.u if : ,
have had it.Sf oil's wi'.l re- 4 a" !
storeyourstrcncthtastertlwn n I v
any other known medicine.
No Alcohol -Just Blood-Food
Sett Row oe. llUxurd- 1.1. N. I In
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best ot everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 50c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$ 1 0 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
A CLEAR COMPLEXION j
Ruddy Cheeks Sparkling Eyes j
Most Women Can Have I
Says Dr. Edwirds, a Wcll-Known I
Ohio Physician
Dr. F. M. Edwards for 17 years j
treated scores of women for liver and
howcl ailments. During thce vcars he
gave to his patients a prescription nude j
ot a few well-Known vegetable ingrcdi-
cuts mixed vith olive oil. naming them j
Dr. IMwanls' Olive Tablets you will
Know them by their olive color. I
These tablets are wonder-workers oil '
the liver and bowel:, which cause a nor-
mil anion, carrying oil the w.e-te snj
poisonous matter in ine's sjt.'in.
If you have a pale face, sallow look,
lull eyes, pimples, coated longnc. In ail- ;
aches, a listless, no-goo.1 feeling, all out
of sorts, inactive bowels, von take one
of Dr. I'.dwar.ls Olive Tablets nitluly
for a time ami note llic pli-asin-r result'.
Thi.iisand.s of women as well as inell
akc Dr. IMwanls' Olive T.iM Is the
MHvi-ssful sulixtitute fT clonnl now
.mil then just to '.ecu in the :ink of eon-
1
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston. Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
: i ' -s--vv: - J5
THE CARELESS PAINTER
doesn't care what kind i.f paint
be uses. The good painter,
either professional or amateur,
iilwiiis uses the best grade and
generally buys them from u.i.
For he knows tin.t we handle
only the reliab'c kinds of paints,
oils. bads, varnishes, siains.
eli-.. and that these are cheapest
in (he end.
Biobec Lumber Company. in.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE 25 THREE
Ml
j:
. 1
"it
I!
:? ft:. p.-.. ; , y J
MW N L-J
m &n feu
1 f-'
11P 5
1 I '.'-!
I",;
p
ays
Double
Vot
e
Last Chance to Gain a Real Lead Before Final Crash or Vote Schedule
, . fr, , 3.
44 -H -H -H 4 "H -4
ft ft ft ft ft ft ft ft
44 -M -M 44 44 44 44 44
V r V ' "
4444444444-H44 44
V V r V
, . . , . , ,
" 3k V Jk1
js Jl g U f f f I
THIS BIG DOUBLE VOTE CIR
CLE STARTS REVOLVING TO
DAY, AND STOPS SATURDAY,
NIGHT, MARCH 17th AT
9 P. M.
THE CANDIDATE WHO
WAITS FOR THE SMALL CIR
CLE INVITES FAILURE TO
HER FINAL SUCCESS.
ii ii
i
a ft a
ft ft ft
ft
ft
ft
it
ft
f ( f
H- M-
' '
ft ft ft
-
f V f-
v t
ft ft
M-
;
1 "Gee Whizz! What a cinch. If I had the chance you candi-
pSES - b dates have got to get a swell big car, I'd sure be the one to get it. I'd
be on the job selling paid-in-advance subscriptions just as I sell single
m iTCil l copies every morning for a nickle. I grab my papers from the press
g "Kf4 1 r8t n teet, an ave lie oler 's licked before they
H get their eyes open. I'd sure play the big circle for the big votes, and
1 1 be so much on the job that the small circle would stand a fat chance
L- JJ jQ j)eaj me wjien Jt shows itself.
u - '
to TWO YEAR NEW SUBSCRIPTIONS 16,000 VOTES HK
I i X
7 r w r b
: ff .. m w
) ' , This is the final week's circle in . M
, i co 1 which the final week's vote sched- t
5 fd ule will be announced. It will be as ' L'
1 C M small as il looks and will offer thou- ij S .
Oi fl sands of votes less than the sched- pi po
5 ue appearing in the big circle. Be 1 II
V wise, start today with renewed ii S M
i C3 V vigor and double your vote stand- LJ O ?;S
V ' . ;ng on the strength of the big circle. Z J4
k ONE YEAR NEW SUBSCRIPTIONS .6,000 VOTES "
ft
.
H 1
-H i
r v
H
, ,
44 4 4f 4-)
. f .
44 4 44 44
H H' H
V V
4 4
44
ft
44
44
4 4f
44
V
ft ft
AFTER THE CLOSE OF THE
DOUBLE VOTE OFFER, NO
MORE EONUS VOTES WILL BE
ALLOWED FOR THE RETURN
OF RECEIPT EOOKS. THERE
FORE GATHER IN ALL YOUR
PROMISES OF RENEWALS IN
ORDER TO GET THE EXTRA
BONUS VOTES FOR THE RE
TURN OF RECEIPT BOOKS.
i a an i
ft
J
A
i
M-
ft
-
'
ft
ft
ft
ft-
ft
ft
(
ft
4
ft
ft
'4
'4
t--'
ft
ft
'4 '4
V v
'4 '4
ft ft
f
4 4
. .
- t
THE CANDIDATES MAKING THE GREATEST GAINS DURING THE NEXT EIGHT DAYS WILL MORE THAN LIKELY BE THE WINNERS OF THESE THREE PRIZES:
A $1545 CHANDLER SIX. A $1,030 STUDEBAKER. A $650 CHEVROLET.
if
H:
it
u
!i
I!
I!-
!
Ii
ii
ii
ii
i
I
I
i!
i i
i
il
:
:i FOUR
THE BISBEE, DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY M0RKING,MARCH 10, 1917.
Zi.'v lU'iiib tlaxly" 2f. ruiv'iii
Published Every Day Exccpr Monday by the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered at Second Claw Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 3. 1879.
Suoscription iRatet, Payable in Advance:
KB MONTH ...i $ .75
THREE 'ONTHa 2.25
SL MO.N CHS ... 4 00
TWELVE AlONTHS 7.50
il NDA lOur Weekly per year. , 2.50
DM (Our Weekly' per quarter 75
' V-itosr riptior Take. Po' Lpse Thar TS Cnty
which have come to-the. surface in others. LIl;e other
organizations, the men of the First wanted to go home
when they thought their work was completed. They
complained to some degree but, considering the charac
ter of the men and their usual vocations in civil life, it
was less than the average.
What the effects of their stay on Cie border will be
only time will tell. It should make for a better guard In
the state of Arizona, if that branch of the national pro
gram for defense is still maintained. It should disclose
to the officers and enlisted men In the regimnt the real
ills of the organization and, in civil life, they should prove
i a mighty force for the building up of a better, bigger and
more competent second line of defense for the nation.
"HONE NO 49
v.ncriber not icecing a cojy of The 86bee
ie,f lo-- 8 a fle' oe rompt'v by
eoal iVei'ern Union Messenger by telephoning the
t elation Department. No 39 The Review "III co
uer it t favor if any irregularity of delivery Is reported
to the Circulation Department The Messenger service
pplie to Bisbee only.
Saturday Morning, March 10, 1817.
Legislature Adjourns.
The adjournment of the legislature is consistent with
a deliberative performance which in most respects is
highly creditable. If the executive budget bill and one
or two other proposed measures had been passed, praise
of Arizona's lawmakers may well have been bountiful.
Well merited blame clings and will cling to a few mem
bers in bctli houses who for base partizan reasons made
impossible the passage of a budget bill and otherwise
a'ted as obstructionists. Their recalcitrancy was an ex
pression of Hunt ism.
The legislature demonstrated its wisdom oy declining
to eater into a more or less wholesale manufacture of
useless or inimical or radical measure". Beth the s-en-a'e
and the lower house recognized the fac t that Arizona
already has enough laws of their kind and that to make
an increase in the statutes was and is highly undesirable,
except that a. budget bill, revised election laws and one
or two other salutary measures would have been wel-
come.
Yet, judged by their act, both houses surely did ad
mirably in view cf circumstances. It is safe to say that
confidence in fie ability uni integrity of Arizona's legis
lative body has been strengthened if not restored. There
is reason to believe that the death knell has been sound
ed for destructive radicalism in Arizona. Our people
want no m,re cf it. The blessings attaching to serious,
constructive work for the entire commonwealth are too
generally recognized. Class legislation will no longer
be tolerated. Fanciful, sentimental doctrines may no
longer be expected, to find permanency in adopted
"laws".
That the incumbency of Governor Campbell has con
tributed largely to the result cannot be gainsaid. The
hopelessness of presenting to him any unworthy measure
was admitted. His suggestions and his policies were
sound and unselfish.
Unless events of great moment arise, no adequate rea
son can be furnished for calling an extra session. The
legislature now adjourned completed all essential work,
and the people may well say of its labors:
"Well done!"
Arizona Infantry's
Ten Months of "War".
It was one year ago yesterday, when a notorious bandit,
front out the mountains of Western Chihuahua, paid his
. celebrated visit to Columbus, New Mexico. The entire
nation rang with denunciation of the perpetrator of the
crime and demanded his punishment. One of the instru
ments selected, among many others, was the First Ari
zona Infantry. Now, after ten months of border service,
this branch of the federal forces is about to be mustered
out and it is to be wondered whether or not the trial lias
been a complete success.
But few militia contingents have been so fortunate a3
to be sent to guard what might be called their own bord
ers. This good fortune was reserved for the units froifc
Texas, New Mexico, California and Arizona. On the sur
face it would appear that they should be much more in
terested in the job at hand than the men w ho were taken
from civil life in Seattle, Washington, or Pru idence,
Rhode Island and sent to places along the international
boundary line which rpcruMcd in small degree their
homes.
The question naturally arises as to whether or not tl'e
performance of the Southwestern guardsmen and, partic
ularly, the Arizona soldiers, has been aliove. below or
equal to the average standard of all the troops. We are
naturally inclined to the belief that the former is th
case. Considering what is now 4 known fact: that the Ari
zona guard was imperfectly organized and pcoriy recruit
ed at the time'of the call to arms ,the change in the men
who constitute the First Infantry has been remarkable
and has been for the good of all, and of the state.
Blessed with a bettcrtiinn-thc average set of offic-rs
and Iiaving a decidedly greater interest in the Arizona
border .than tmosI cf the Eastern, North.- and .Southern
guards, the First Infantry has been (luing its level be;..
That has W-en good, and the people of the state may fe l
justly proud of the men. from the colonel in command tj
the last private recruited to the regiment.
Like other national puard regiments, the Arizona unit
has been subjected to the same ills ami dissatisfactions
Sanding the Track!
The defeat of the executive budget bill in the lower
h?'.!sp of the legislature after it had been passd by the
s nato is cf such numer.t that responsibility for its de
feat should be publicly placed. It was the most import
ant piece of constructive legislation introduced at the
present session and it had the support, net only of the
majority of the Democrats but of the Republicans as well.
In fact, it was urgently recommended by Governor Camp
bell, in line with his promises looking to the introduc
tion of business methods into the executive branch of the
state department.
There are not two sides to the question of whether
a budget system n akes for efficient, economical adminis
tration whether of a state government or a fruit stand
j and the taxpayers of the state are a unit in favoring this
efcrm. Naturally, a taxpayer would be in favor of it,
but it totk six years of extravagant administration to
unite the taxpayer:; in a demand for it. ,
According to dispatches from the capital, when it was
sous'-it to pass the measure through the house by a sus
pension of the rules such a course being necessary in
vie if the short time remaining of the session these
members of the hcuse who unblushir.gly accept the clas
sification as "the Hunt minority," blocked the measure.
If the measure should prove to have been finally defer.to-1
by this obstructionist group, they should be publicly ad
vertised as the r.iembers who prevented the measure
from becoming a law. It could be shown, too, that
they have banded together for the purpose of defeating
other legislation for which there is a popular demand,
presumably with the intention of forcing an extra ses
sion .in order that they might continue their effcrts to
embarrass tiie executive department. A pittilcss publicity
should be p!;;yed upon their partisan group, just as was
done in the case of tiie "dozen senators who prevented
the senate from expressing the will of the majority.
The attitude of this minority group, bound together
by the bitterest sort of partisansiiip, seems to reflect a
determination that the result of the election shall bo
robbed of its essence, that time stopped when the eount
oviei t'-.eir leader to have been defeated, and it will
not resume until the result shall be righted and the actual
be proven a myth. The legislative session is considered
by them to be vn unreal proceeding, having no actua!
status
A 'TP
Willi lsA5
THE LITTLE PORTABLE GAS HEATER ENABLES YOU
TO QUICKLY CONVERT THE COLDEST ROOM IN
YOUR HOUSE TO WAR3JTH AND CHEER IT GIVES
Comfort
WHERE YOU WANT IT
WHEN YOU WANT IT
i
I
r : .
I .
LIGHTS AT THE FLASH OF A MATCH CONNECTS
BY A FLEXIBLE METALLIC TUBE AND CAN BE
EASILY MOVED FROM ONE ROOM TO ANOTHER.
- v
!
QUICK - SAFE CLEAN
Prices $2.75 to $7.00
ENT CO.
MPROVEM
ARIZONA GUARDSMEN
- MAY MUSTER GUT AT
NAGO HEADQUARTERS
Boys in KHrjki Are hrJ irg
Preparations to Erea!: Carr.p
Within Next Fe Dsys
Glad to Get Back Home.
Preparations arp under way fcy Ari-
.... at Va,., tn hrotV fHlim Inl.. rdtn tr-t:.w1 llli O 't m Will !
GER Gl
TESTIMONY AGAINST
MAYOR OF SEATTLE
(i'y Ktvii' A- I.c as-d V.Mrr)
.FVT'iU'. :.I'nii '.- i.nui Hil
liji;:ilf , clii' : v. inn-ss Tor tit" m,v ru
incni in h.- tr'al o! Ai'iyor Hir.ru V.
Gill, Chief of J'olice I'r'i k ni'! ;i !i und
others for alleged f-onspir: i v to iolato
tcieral statu es hy i'.vpo: i:ng liquor
the First I'r.r.-bytcrian Church, threat- ley testified that he warned Gill that1
ent.-d him wiih indictment by the conn- the clergyman was "double crossing"
ty Kra'ul jury last November if he did him and repeated to Gill the threat
no. -((, me tiirur-h" with a t .mfiSsiou he said Mathews had made.
ih.it he l-ric-d JUvor Gill will, J7.500 att.jrdjns to tUe wltn ,ol(,
iop.TMiim.il 10 sen liquor under hinl not ,
worry about the county
pel., e P..OL-. i :on. jury bt.cause u never lnaicted any of
): :ar.r!.v tesf.'-ed that he went at fenders except little ones. Late to-
on -. M:-.y.-r Gill and asked hi;:i if day direct examination of Billinffslejr
he n :: r.led Or. .M:ih-ws as his tri ml was elided and he was turned over to
an:! '.! r. i.l: -ti tit.. t lu did llilliiis- th defense for cross examination.
v
within a few days as t':e result of t.'e
T is erin.'r out order received Thurs
1'v or'-ini Alt'ou"'- it w.-p rt Tirt-t
anuotinc-u iu uwj j iioui,
mustered out at Douplas, March 15, it
v.-ps reported yesterday that they
would be mustered out at Naco. This
that Dr. Mari; A.
lathe-
chanee is believed to have been caus-
They stop the pendulum and think that time is ' he fa:t that if mustered out at
UouKlas, tne ;uarnsinen wuuiu w
stopped. To embittered, too stunned to realize it, they i forced to break camp at Xaco. pilch
are only sanding the track. It is friction that makes the , it again at Douglas and then break
i
tram move forward. Arizona Dally Star.
New Methods for Old Courses.
To teach children the fundamentals of American citiz
enship better than liasever been done before is the ideal
of Milton ,C. Potter, superintendent of schools in Mil
waukee. To do this, he has arranged a course of study
including civics, history and geography that will give
ca p a secona lime ceiore leaving
for home. By musterinz cut at Naco,
it will be necessary only to break the
present camp.
The guardsmen are all mukinff prep
arations to return at once to their
homes in various parts of the state.
Now that it is certpin that they will
be on their way home inside of a few
weeks, the guards are forgetting any
discontent over the inconveniences
they bore while on the border and art
coming to tiie conclusion that after
children with only a common school education an ade- aH is said their stay was a good out
ing ana Drou.mu many Denen. iai re-
quate foundation in the affairs of city, state and nation.
The old courses of the same name were too often un- I
related to the daily life of embryo citizens. They were
matters of maps and dates and theories quite apart j
from anything actually going on in the world outside of j
the school room.
And as for mental discipline, Mr. Totter says: "This
is a course in judgment training and in reasoning froi'i
known facts obtained through daily observation or delib
erate research that will make a scholar a better citizen."' j
What the child learns in the class room will be linked ,
up with voluntary service at. school, in the neighborhood i
and in the community. At school, Americanization will ;
take the form of clean desks, collection of waste paper,
protection of smaller children, respecting school prop- J
erty. In the neighborhood the same ideals will be work- '
ed out protecting the neighbors' lawns, flowers and i
shrubbery; being kind to dumb animals, etc. Com
munity wcrk will broaden as fast as the children tit -vclop,
from promoting sane Fourth of July celebrations
to an a'-tive interest and participating; in civic affairs.
L'ven grammar M himl youngsters, after sm-li a our:;.',
ill be able to debute such topics as munl' ip;il ownership !
or control cf street car lines, telephone and lighting sys
tems; c.miniis.shiii form of government; cash paymci t
for improvements versus bond issues, etc. At least, that
is the hope ot Mr. Totter.
He admits that many of the ideas the children will
have to offer at first will be crud". Hut he expects to
stimulate their interest in those things, to encourage in
dependent thinking and to successfully lay the founda
tions for intelligent citizenship later on.
I suits.
IF YOU DON'T SAEE
Ask Art
I III llll Ill I III li Ill
BOTH
NECESSARY
pasV-ir oi 1
V
START A SAVINGS ACCOCNT
for baby by all means. That's
for baby s benefit; but HAVK
THK BABY photographed as
soon, as possible
That's for Your
Benefit
We never know what is in
More for us, and a photograph
of baby as lie is today may lie
more precious than rubies later
on.
Dix Studio
Brewery Gulch
SUCCESSFUL BABY
THOTOGRATI1KRS
ami
I
Capital, Resources, and the Ability,
Character and Standing of the men who
conduct its affairs are what go to make up
a strong banking institution.
Possessing all these qualities this
Bank invites your banking business.
Bank with us.
The 'Cross of Service."
It is proposed th;it legislatures of, our fanning states
oiler, tl:i., t.ar, a " rn.-s ,f m rvi " to the f. inner:. whi
gf '. the hirsrrt yield of food i n ps l'n.in (heir land.
It 's an excellent suggest ion. Nu lil. atis of M iimifat in.?
the nation's food prodiution iilioul.1 be overlooked. This
would be an easy way to vitalize competition. And such
: m l il would be far more honorahlr to Hie r. ipi. l.l
than most of the rr.-..cs bestowed on the oilier -! ui
the wad r a-i rewards tor slum-liter and devastation.
Electric Pocket
FLASHLIGHTS
the largest stock in the district Globes and Eatteries
always on hand Repairs FREE.
Come and see our big stock of
TIRES AND
SUPPLIES
We Will Appreciite Your Business.
MACHINE SHOP AND BATTERY SHOP
Brophy Garage '&
LO.
Arizona.
llll
With' Money
That's the way wealth has been gained ever since the
world started.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is making money for you with the four per cent
interest which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT
GROW!
Citizens Bank & Trust Company
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona
Will E. McKee, President C A. McDonald. Cashier.
O. W. Wolf, Assistant Cashier.
f
"Lowell
A FRIENDLY PERSONAL INTEREST
i is exercised by the Miners & Merchants
ijjijjj. Tar.-; in the wlfare of its depositors, and
it t.ikos muc!i pride in serving them well.
'".;:'; Yc,i v..il find our service prompt and
Yffc efficient. Accounts subject to check are
tilth cordially invited. IttE BISBEE, DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, MARCH 10, 1917.
FTVL
Mining and Financial News
I he Man r
rom
BY nEVIEW LEASZD WIRE
Every Woman Should Know
There are three different kinds of
baking powder on the market, as follows:
(1) Cream of Tartar Baking Powders, which add
to food the same healthful qualities that
exist in ripe grapes, from which Cream of
Tartar is derived.
(2) Phosphate Baking Powders, which are made
from a mineral known as Phosphate Rock,
or from animal bones which are burned and
changed by chemical action into white,
. powdered phosphate.
(3) Alum Baking Powders, which add to food
some compound of Aluminum, a heavy metal,
wholly foreign to any natural article of food.
Royal Baking Powder is made from
Cream of Tartar, derived from grapes, a
natural, healthful food.. . No substitute
exists for making biscuits, cake, muffins,
and pastry of equal quality and whole
someness. The names of the ingredients printed on the label
show whether the baking powder you are now using,
or any brand, new or old, that may be offered, is a
genuine Cream of Tartar powder, or merely a phos
phate or alum compound
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK
WHOLE WHEAT CROP
OF CANADA WILL BE
BOUGHT BY BRITISH
(by Review Leased Wire)
OTTAWA, March 9. The British
government is nepotiatine rr the
purchase of the entire 191" wheat
crop of Canada, It was announced here
tonight
PARIS, March 9. France and her
allies and neutral countries this year
nrust eoonomize or replace with other
cereals from 75 to 80 per cent of their
requirements of wheat, according to
estimates made in the chamber of
deputies today by Deputy Victor Bur
et, president of the agricultural com
mittee. In an important debate on
the economic policy of the govern
ment during the war, M. Buret predict
ed estimates from wheat crops of
191" as follows:
For France a yild from IS0.0O0.0t")
to 190,000,000 bushels; requirements,
deductions being made for the invad
ed territory, 317.O00.000 bushels, leav
ing a deficit of 127,000,000.
The requirements of France's al
lies and neutrals are from 5:10,000,000
to 570,000.000. The surplus available
from ovcr,:,?n? cowries is frcm Cc0 -000,000
to 376.000,000 bushels, leaving
a deficit for the entente allies anil
neutrals of from 190,000,000 to 216,
000,000 bushels.
This was the third day of debate
during which Fernand David, who was
minister of agriculture in M. Viviani's
cabinet and Anatole do Mouzie, for
mer under secretary of state of mer
chant marine and other deputies
sharply criticized the government's
action on economic problems during
the war.
Correspondent E. F. Hutton 4. Co., Member New York Stock Exchange
R. Allyn Lewis
Box 279 COPPER QUEEN HOTEL Tel. 135
BONDS, STOCKS, GRAIN, COTTON
PHOENIX, GLOBE, JEROME, PRESCOTT, BISBEE
Orders Executed for Cash or on Proper Margin
E. F. Hutton & Co.'s Private Leased Wire to All Exchanges
SAILINGS FROM U.S.
TO BE KEPT SECRET
(Continued From Page One)
request there is confidence in admin
istration circles that this request will
be complied with by every paper in
the country.
"All patriotic .Americans are ready
to make sacrifices for their country in
times of emergency. The press can
render the highest patriotic service by
refraining from printing at this time
while ordinarily they would freely
print.
Inasmuch as it would be impossible
to reach every paper and news agency
directly, I will ask all papers to carry
this request which is made as an ap
peal to the patriotism to all journal
ists and disseminators in news. The
best news the readers can have is
that the government will protect the
rights of America to the freedom of
the seas. The publication of details
can serve no fe'Jod purpose and might
jeopardize human lives. All readers
surely will applaude the papers in re
sponding to this appeal."
With the departure of the first
armed American ship, the navy de
partment must instruct gun crews
whether the appearance of a subma
rine is sufficient warrant for opening
tire. Officials would not discuss this
aspect of the situation, which involves
a declaration or policy. .It will take
no more than a few days to outfit any
ship, ('jntracts for additional guns
of suitable size are being speeded up.
THE OFFICE
STORE
Will open this morning (Saturday, March 10th) with a
full line of up-to-date Men's Furnishings, Shoes and
Hats, and cordially invites your inspection.
The Office Store
joe; l. dickstein
(the store with a conscience)
XKW YORK. Mar. 9. Various con-1
structive developments contributed to
the strength and activity of today's
market, in which rails shared, though
to a limited extent. Foremost among
the accelerating factors was the state
ment of the federal reserve board
which revealed a more friendly atti
tude regarding American investments
in foreign loans. Of little less Im
portance was the news from PittsburR
and other industrial centers report-,
ing additional advances in prices oft
fabricated steel and iron to highest
quotations ever known in the trade.
News of the President's decision to
arm ships and call an extra session
of congress was not received until af
ter the market's close.
Today's maximum quotations for IT.
S. Steel and some other leaders rep
resented the best prices in more than
a month. Steel was steadily accumu
lated from the outset, making an ex
treme gain of 2 po;nts at 112. Oth
er industrials of the same class were
higher by one to two and a half points
with one to three for the general run
of munitions, and equipments
The motor group was more active
than at any recent period.
Some of the high rriced specialties
made substantial gains.
Trading in rails v as relatively light
but mainly at higher prices, with
gains of 1 to 2'i poirts f ir Pacifies,
Reading. Lehigh Val'".v an-1 Chicago
and Northwestern. Total sales 7S3,
oOo shares.
Gains in interna' Mini 1 honds In a
heavy turnover ranged fiom a frac
tion to lTs points, greatest strength
being shown by I'nittd Kingdom is
sues. Domestic bonis were iritgtilar
on weakness in Erks. To'a. sales,
par value. I4.S5O.O0O. V. S. bonds
were unchanged on call.
CHICAGO GRAINS
CHICAGO, Mar. 9. Halting of ex
port demand today acted as more
than an offset to the bulfrsh eiTcc's of
diminished reserves. The market
closed heavy, "i, to 2'4 net lower.
with May at l.STVs to 1.87 and July
at l.OCli to 1.56rs. Corn gained i
to v'i, oats finished unchanged to 'i
down and provision:! irreeuia; rang
ing from 12 decline to a rise of fie
cents.
Corn advanced to new kinli level.-.,
but reacted to i:-ie evteiit when
wheat turned weak. The bullish nat
ure of the govt iiiirt n' report as to
fp.in- reserves nT e-irn w.is the chief
;icc of streu,.:'i. In oats r in o' ti
er grain, the government farm re
serve report brought about an ad
vance. Later, however, the market
gave way as a result of word that a
number of purchases for the entente
allies were being canrelled and were
being replaced at Winnipeg.
Provisions averaged lower in con
sequence of annouiiceiuii t s that the
British government had taken control
of all the lard and bacon 'n the United
Kingdom and. would hereafter fix pric
es. The market here gave no evi
dence that any shippin; business was
being done.
METALS MARKET
NEW YORK, Mar. 9. Le,ci steady
10.62. spelter quiet. Spot East St.
Iouis delivery 11 asked. Bar silver
73'zi. Copper firm, electrolytic spot
and nearby nominal, second quarter
33 at o5; third quarter ;H!i- at 2',s.
I By L. J. Overlock)
NEW YORK. Mar. 9. The action
of Steel imparted confidence to the
advocates of higher prices and in the
final hour the general market display
ed buoyancy with all issues inclining
upward. There was an tnsalable de
mand for Steel from many sources,
much of this being inspired by the re
ports of further advances in the pric
es of the finished metal. Copper
shares also came in for more atten
tion. The high prices of the red met
al stimulated a broader inquiry and
Copper issues will no doubt do better.
LOGAN & BRYAN.
NEW YORK
Anaconda S.rsi
American Can 4tii
American Car 6!t
American locomotive 7",i
American Smelter 106 'a
American Stmar HI
Atchison 12
Baltimore A: Ohio 73i
Baldwin 54Vi
Chesapeake & Ohio 57"t
Colorado Fuel & Iron IS
Canadian Pacific lot
Central Leather 9.1
IHstillers 21 1 i
Erie 26
Goodrich !.
General Motors 119
Industrial Alcohol 120",
.Marine 2S
Marine Pld 76
Maxwell 5 Mi
Mexican Petroleum 90
Mid vale 07 '
New York Central 96
Northern Pacific In:'."
Pennsylvania 54
Reading 91
iiepuiiiic r-ieel t
It'lhher .VI
Stud, baker , lorr-.
I ' ............. . I
! . I I .! II,'
.iir" I I 1 1 J I i'1
St. Paul si-;
Southern Pacific 9l"i
I'lilim Pacific ' 13.V
I'nited Fruit . . 1
West inghouse ofl'N
Crucible f"7t
BOSTON
Adventure
Allouez
Alaska
Arizona Commercial
American zinc
Butte Superior
Calumet & Arizona
Calumet & Hecla
Copper Range
Chiuo
East Butte
Granby
Green Cananea
Goldfield
Hancock
Indiana . .1
Inspiration
Kennecott
Keweenaw
Lake :
La Salle
Miami
Mohawk
Mayflower
Nevada
North Butte
Nipissing
Old Dominion
Osceola
Pond Creek
Quincy
Ray Consolidated
Superior Boston '
Tamarack
Utah Copper
Utah Consolidated
Winona
CURBS
Arkansas & Arizona
Bis Jim
Big Ledge
Butte & London
Calumet & Jerome
Cornelia
Denn .,
Dundee
Emma
Fort una
Gadsden
Grand Island
Gold Reed
Green Monster
Howe Sound
Hecla
Hull Copper
Inspiration
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Magma Chief
Marina Cupper
Miami Consolidated
Monster Chief
Pittsbure .! rn-ne
Ray Hercules
Santa Rita
Tom Reed
Tarbox
Cnited Eastern
United Western
Verde Extension
Verda Combination
Warren 1
White Caps
Wolverine Arizona
Oatman
(By Collins Bnllierton)
3V2
13'j
38 j
47" !
82 1
561
65 ;
61
14 Vi 1
87 ;
43..i'
59 !
IS
3H;
61 Th
45
4
14!
3;
41 !
86
2 ;
251-2 '
22 1
S
66 '
94
21 1
S8 '
29 Ti
57 ',3 I
114- '
19
4'.
40
1
5's'i
23
1
17'2
l'a
l7s
1'.
19
2
60
05
1
7 :
7
30
1 '
49
30
4',
li
D.l'O
5Vi
4'
2
3S
16' 2 !
1.25
l'i
Argo
Adams
Arizona Rex
Arizona Tom Reed
Boundary Cone
Carter Gold
Fessenden
Gold Reed
Gold Clilt
Ivanlioe
Lucky Boy
Merry Widow
Oatman Combination ...
Sunnyside
Telluride
Tom Reed
United Northern
United Western
Red Lion
Other Curbs
Gadsden
Green Monster
Butte Ixmdon
Dundee
Venture 1 1 ill
Pittsburg Jerome
Arkansas Arizona
Jerome Portland
Inspiration Needles
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
Wolverine Arizona
Miami Mother lode ....
Verde Combination
Miami Consolidated
Bisbce Copper
Butte Arizona
Santa Cruz Bisbce
Jerome Daisy
Nacozari Consolidat. d
Verde A pcx
Calumet Oil
Bid Ask.
.05
.10 .12
.25
.10
1.26 1.30
.06 .09
.04 .05
.07 .09
.10
.15
.03
.OS .09
.10
.10
.20
.IS .23
2.01 2.02
4.50 4.70
.07
.03
.20
2.50
1.62 1.75
.2'. .2
1.S7 2.00
.11 .16
.75 1.00
1.9$ 2.110
.40 .50
.62
.25 .37
.30 .40
.37 .62
1.55
.50
,62 S7
.31 .33
1.00 1.25
.01
.27
.70
9 12
.12
.26
To Prevent The Grip
Colds cause Grip Laxative Bioino
Quiuiue removes the csu.se. kcuieiulii-r
!o call for the full name. LAXATIVE
..KOMO QUININE. Look lor the sig
uature of K. W. GKOVIi. 25c.
j V.CATARRH;:
jQiJRMA BLADDER ;
Ray Says:
(9)
"I've always found it to be a pretty safe bet
in the mining industry, when you follow the
lead of big moneyed interests. WHEN BIG
MEN BID FOR CONTROL, THEY HAVE
A HABIT OF KNOWING WHAT THEY
ARE GOING TO GET IN THE DRAW."
ARIZONA RAY
Is one of the few Junior Coppers in Arizona of which big moneyed in
terests have been anxious to gain control. Recently the representatives
of a large Spokane syndicate were in Phoenix for several days, endeav
oring to swing a deal by which the control of the ARIZONA RAY COP
PER COMPANY would pass into the hands of that syndicate. BUT
THE DEAL DID NOT GO THROUGH, because WE BELIEVE IN THE
PROPERTY, we believe absolutely in the judgment and ability of the
engineer who is in charge of the development work, and we intend to
keep on "pegging away."
Big mines are not made in a few months, but we believe most positively
that a few hundred dollars invested in the SPECIAL OFFER which we
are still makiing on ARIZONA RAY will mean an independence for the
future.
SPECIAL OFFER
We will accept subscriptions eitner for cash or on Twelve-Payment
Plan in 1000 share lots for Arizona Ray, REGULAR STOCK (NOT
POOL RIGHTS) at 12c per share providing the holder will sign an
agreement not to dispose of or transfer his stock for sixty days
from date.
Development work on the property is going forward rapidly are you
going to wait until the Calumet vein is struck, or are you going to agree
with us that
Arizona Ray Copper
is the BEST BUY OF THE JUNIORS, and BUY NOW? Remember
TODAY'S INVESTMENTS bring TOMORROWS PROFITS.
TWELVE-PAYMENT PLAN
(! 2c advance for carrying account)
1.C00 Shares for $125; $15 dewn. $10 per month
2.000 Shares for $250: $30 down, $20 per month
3,000 Shares for $375; $45 down, $30 per month
5,000 Shares for 625; $75 down, $50 per month
10,000 Shares for $1250; $150 down. $100 per month
This offer is subject to withdrawal without notice
W. L Wilson & Company
BROKERS
115 North First Avenue: Phoenix, Arizona.
Phone 766.
$isbee Office - - - Maze Building
Coupon
Please mail me, without
charge, maps, engineer's re
port, prospectus and full par
ticulars on Arizona Ray
Copper; also free Arizona
iMiner.
Name ..
Address
COUPON
l'le;t.-:e enter my urder for
sliares cf Arizona Kay. I hand you
herewith $ as full pay
ment (part payment).
I a?ree to pay the balaii'-e at t he
rate of $ per month.
You will mail certificate to
Bank at
where 1 will make the payments.
Naiue
Addr
(If you want us to keep the sto k for
vou in our safe, cross out the above.)
B. It.
Great Verde
Extension
Syndicate's
LAST OFFER AT
1
30c
Of the Treasury Stock in the Great Verde Exterision
Copper Company. This offer expires midnig ht
MARCH 10th.
Buy now whije the opportunity presents itself, in one
of the best prospects of Jerome District.
Place order with A. C. Anderson, Muheim Building,
Brewery Gulch, Bisbee, Arizona.
Share
The following telegram is self-explanatory:
Received at
114SRN72Blue
Phoenix, Arizona 1 2531 Mar 6, I VI 7.
A. C. Anderson
Care Copper Queen I lotel, Bisbee, Arizona.
Great Sensation over Jerome Verde Orders pouring in
here so fast cannot handle the business we understand
over seventy five thousand shares sold through Jerome
alone thif morning, close all business you have for
Great Verde before the tenth as this will warrant
a big increase in price after that date this sensation
substantiates our heretofore predictions that Great
Verde will be one of the next sensations of the Jerome
Camp.
GREAT VERDE EXTENSION SYNDICATE.
COPY. 240P
THE DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING. RESULTS THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, MARCH 10, 1917.
The pleasure's yours
WE'RE strong enough be
lievers in advertising to
think that you've at least heard
of the OWL Cigar.
Probably you've smoked it.
What? Not yet?
Well, there's no use waiting.
All it needs is a step a match
a nickel and the pleasure's
yours. , Light up I
THE MILLION
DOLLAR CIGAR
i M. A. GUNST & CO. 1
I INCORPORATED ; S
StateHighGrade
L - - - - J .
- - I
Mrs. Nellie F. Rockefeller, wife of
Dr. F. D. Rockefeller, of Tucson, died
at her home in the Old Pueblo Thurs
day morning at 6 o'clock, following a
protracted illness. Mrs. Rockefeller
was a native of New York, aged forty
five years. She had resided, with her
husband, in Tucson for nearly eight
years. Before that time the couple
had lived in Bisbee where they ar
both well known and have many
friends.
Prescott is going to try a 'ford' for
dry washes which has proved its
worth in certain parts of Pinal coun
ty. The Yavapai county seat has sev
eral bad washes within its limits and
will build concrete aprons across the
bottom of the gulches where the fords
are located. In this manner vehicles
of all kinds can get traction to cross
when the washes are filled with waier
and sand.
Globe has another mild sensation.
It is on the border t the 'famous
sell' printed in that city months ago
relative to the brother and sister long
separated, marrying ec'i other and
suddenly awakening to the fact. In
this instance is appears that a Phoe
nix man, William Piyne followed a
woman to the Gila county seat and
found her with another man. Jle
caused the arrest of ttnh and secured
the release of the woman. He then
married her. The justice who married
the couple, a day or two ago, received
a letter from the woman asking that,
inasmuch as he married them, he re
lease them from tne bonds of matri
mony. She declares that she was
railroaded into marrying the Phoe
nix man. True love never did run
sm'ootlily.
Doc. C. Pardee, noted cowpunchrr
and trick rider who has resided in
Prescott for several years, pleaded
not guilty, - in the federal court when
it met in the Yavapai county city this
week, to a charge of conspiracy to
liberate Joe Davis from the 'county
jail. Davis is one of the train rob
bers convicted, recently at Tucson,
for robbing the Golden State limited
at Apache last fall. Pardee's . trial
will be the first on the court's cal
endar. April 10 has been set as the date for
the Baca assessment hearing before
the state tax commission, when own
ers of land in Santa Cruz county will
attempt to secure a reduction in back
taxes. The hearing will be conducted
in Noeales. Owners jf land in the
Baca Float district have raised objec
tions to the assessments of the past
many years, the aggregate of which
is almost $1,000,000. it is stated. The
ownership of these lands has been con
tested for the past several years, the
matter only recently being straighten
ed out by the courts. During the
period that the court battles were tak
ing place no taxes were collected.
Now the persons who have been de
clared the legal owners of the land
are objecting to paying the back taxes.
Judge John Campbell of Tucson is rep
resenting the owners of the north half,
while owners of the south half are be
ing represented by Judge Samuel L.
Kingun, also of Tucson.
Determined to catch the two Mexi
cans who robbed and seriously injured
Chris Rasmussen. a miner of Crown
King the first part of this week, near
Middleton, Yavapai county. Sheriff Joe
Young of that county has followed
their trails into Maricopa county. It
is understood that the Mexicans are
supposed to have come frtmi Phoenix
to Crown King several days before the
crime was committed.
A debt, contracted by the territory
of Arizona at the time the peni'entiary I
was constructed at Florence has at
last been wiped off the books of the
state of Arizona when State Auditor
Jesse Hbyre issued a check to A. W.
Gregg for $17,124.40, the balance, with
interest, due him. At the time the
penitentiary was constructed there
was some changes in the plans. The
contract took this into consideration
but in some manner the extra cost was
never paid. I'nder territorial statutes
Arizona could not be sued but upon
attaining statehood a provision was
made t"J permit the state's being a
defendant in a law suit. Gregg sues
the state and secured judgment. Sev
eral legislatures have had measures
before it for Gregg's relief but not un
til the present one has anything defin
itely been done in the matter.
According to the Prescott Journal
miner a party of Butte. Montana, min
ing men are investigating property in
the Camp Verde field. The party is
said to be headed by W. E. Walloth,
of the Anaconda company. They are
considering taking an option tin some
claims in a group near Squaw Peak.
Water caught in old craters near
Flagstaff in Coconino county, is to be
used to supply several adjacent towns,
and the first water works system in
Ash Fork. Seligman, Kingman and
Grand Canyon is to be installed, to
supply live stock ranches, railroads,
logging camps and lumber roads now
said to be without a water supply. The
corporation commission yesterday
handed down a decision and order giv
ing permission to th Coconino Water
Development and Stock etmipany to
go ahead and build pipe lines from the
old craters to the above towns. There
was considerable opposition to the
commission granting the permission.
Two companies came forward and
claimed if the new company was al-
rowed to go ahead, it would infringe
on franchises granted years ago, but
the commission ruled inasmuch as one
company had never exercised its fran
chise, and another had not complied
I with rules of the commission, there
! was no reason why they should object.
Pending a thorough investigation
into the affairs 'of the Michigan Verde
Copper company, an Arizona corpora
tion, no stock shall be offered for sale
in this state, according to a decision
handed down by the Arizona corpora
tion commissiVm. A permit was is
sued by the commission to the compa
ny December 12, 1916. to sell 600,000
shares of stock at 50 cents per share.
Action was taken, however, suspend
ing the permit until a full investiga
tion can be conducted by the commis
sion. It is the written opinions of the
commission "that the affairs Vif the
company are being conducted in an
unsafe, inequitable and unauthorized
manned." The permit number was
918 and was issued in favor of E. A.
Burns.
Phoenix is again considering the re
moval of the town ditch and the con
struction of paving at that point and
the installation of ornamental lighting
The
Beautiful
TODAY'S PROGRAM
Continuous from 1 to 10 P. M.
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY.
"A FOOL'S PARADISE"
A .society drama in 6 parts.
"NAPOi-EON THE GREAT AND
SALLY"
Educated Chimpanzees in a one
reel comedy. .
ADMISSION
Reserved seats 25c
Lower Floor 10c
Balcony 5c
LYR C
standard throughout the paved dis
trict of the city. These matters will
he decided by the people or tin- city
at a .special election to be held on
April :!. The removal of the town
:litch, which runs in a westerly direc
tion ntTOR3 the city, has been consid
ered time after time.
No merry is being shown the traliic
violators in the i-ity of Tucson as was
shown by tlie city recorder when
twenty lour appeared before him and
only the strangers were let off with
out lines. In that city lines are as
sessed for parking a machine within
thirty feet of a water plug or in front
of a theatre. In other respects the
ordinance, covering the subject. Is
the motorists of theomfwypbgkqjshh
similar to that in effect in the city
of Ilisbee. Sj it may be seen that
the motorists of the Warren District
are not being given the worst of any
deal at the present time in the city
courts.
Work was begun this week in Tuc
son upon clearing a site for the addi
tional wing to the Santa Rila Hotel.
Manager lager is said to be making
arrangements for a foundation which
will permit the support Jf a ten story
hotel building. He is building for the
future, he declares. Southern Arizona
people will rejoice that Tucson is go
ing to add to its hotel accomodations
but ten story affairs are a long way
up in the air and might be a little
frightful at first.
When Manuela Lautero, the erst
while, effectionate spouse jf Juan
Lautero, residents of Twin Buttes,
shot the latter in the groin, Miguel
Manuela, nephew of the lesser half of
this pair, hit the better portion over
the head with a gun. As a conse
quence Miguel Manuela and Manuela
Lautero are in the Pima county jail
at Tucson and Juan Lautero is in the
county hospital. The argument or
iginated with a bottle of some kind
of liquor and was settled as aforesaid.
The next chapter will deal with the
affair in one of the Pima county
courts.
SHAKE INTO YOUR 8H0ES
ah. -ii a i KiEa', tne nuiiwptic powmrto be
tuikcn iuio Hie M.rx-j and t"Dklrd in iliclnnt
tutu. Ic rrlitvc painful, rwoUcn, smnrting f.-et
ltd tkf tbs stin out of corn and bunions.
Not!, inn u'iv.n iicu (juii-k and permanent rtli-f tot
nveaiii.cr. cnon, nrni, aciuns lvt a Allen 'a
1-oot Kaae, ihe D'anuant n'mfdy lor S ycats.
Snid l y Drngcicta vt wbi-rc. av. )vr oec
ir f Brrjik in n.w iuwv 'i rial ;ac tear r'.silk.
Adores, AiUa S. cau ed, U- lioj, K.
PORTO RICAN BATTALION
ORDERED TO PANAMA CANAL
SAN JUAX. Porto Rico, Mar. 9
The Second Pattalion of the Porto
Riean Regiment has been designated
for service in the Panama canal zone..
It is the first time that native troops
have been stationed away from the
island.
Ask for and Get
THE HIGHEST QUALITY
SPAGHETTI
3$ hgf Rrcipe Book free
SKINNER MFG. CO. OMAHA. U.SA
1A "-EST MACARONI FACTORY IN AMERICA
Ask Art
HE KNOWS
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Land OfBce at Phoenix, Ari
zona. Feb. 19, 1917.
XOTICE is hereby given that
Amanda Haverty, of Garces, Ariz.,
who, on April 30, 1910, made Home
stead Entry, Xo. 09944, for NEU SE'4.
Sec. 3, Tp. 23 S., R., 20 East G. and
S. R. Mer., and on July 25, 1916.
made additional H. E. 030725 for S
SW4 NEVt. N4 NV SE'4. Sec
Ion 3. Township 23, 'S., Range 20
"ast, G. and S. R. Meridian, has filed
.otice of intention to make final five
yetr Proof, to establish claim to the
land above described, before Jared D.
Taylor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Ariz., on the 21st day of April. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James E. Kelly. James W. Haverty,
Richard K. Haverty. O. Peter Haverty,
H of Garces, Ariz.
J. L. IRVIX,
Register
First publication Feb. 21. 1917.
Last publication March 22, 1917.
NOTICE OF SCHOOL BOND ELEC
TION Because. In our judgement, it a
deemed advisnbleso to do. we, the
undersigned Board of Trustees of
School District No. 2. County of Co
chise. State of Arizona, do hereby call
n election to be held on Saturday.
March 24th. 1917. in a certain build
ing situated in the City of Bisbee,
rvvinty of Cochise, State of Arizona,
within said School District, known as
the Central School Building, for the
ntirpose of submitting to the qualified
-oters at said Flection, whether the
bonds of said School District shall be
issued and sold to raise money for
the following purposes:
1. For the purpose of construct
ing, equipping and furnishing a school
building to be located upon a site to
be selected by said Trustees within
the town of Warren in said District,
and Improving the grounds thereof.
2. For the purpose of constructing,
equipping and furnishing a . school
building to be located upon a site to
he selected by said Trustees in Upper
Tombstone Canyon In said District,
and Improving the grounds thereof.
3. For the purpose of making oth
er necessary repairs or additions to
the school buildings of said District,
as the P.oard of Trustees may deem
advisable.
4. Fo.- the purpose of purchasing
and improving additional ground for
Ihe school of said District, or an) of
them, as the Hoard of Trustees may
decm advisable.
1 ne amount or sa.n nonets snan ne
One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100
000.00) in the aggregate find shall con-
uil rf Clna TTitti.lriwI 101'tl hnr.ila .f
ihe denomination of One Thousand .
Dollars ($1,000) each and shall be
I. 1 t . ... V. n .1 1
1IU1IIV. IU 11MIII till." lu .fill- lllllllll .vi
inclusive and shall bear interest from j
their date at the rate of Five per cen
tum per annum, payable semi-annually
in gold coin of the United States
of American, payable and maturing
as follows:
Numbers 1 to 10 Inclusive, payable
and maturing in the year 1930.
Numbers 11 to 30 inclusive, payable
and maturing In the year 1921.
Numbers 31 to 50 Inclusive, payable
and maturing in the year 1932.
Numbers 51 to 70 inclusive, payable
and maturing in the year 1923.
Xumbers 71 to 90 Inclusive, payable
and maturing In the year 1934.
Xumbers 91 to 100 Inclusive, paya
ble and maturing In the year 1935.
. n T . ' , . .
and u. H. Johnson are hereby noml-1
nated and appointed by the under
h nnrtor.
signed as Judges for the purpose of
conducting said election and the elec
tion polls will be open between the
hours of 10 o'clock a. m. and 6 o'clock
p. m. of the day upon which stid elec
tion will be held.
Instructions to voters will be post
ed according to law.
Dated at Bisbee, Arizona, this 23rd
day of February, 1917.
JOHX M. ROSS,
President.
C. H. HUXT.
Member.
C. A. McDOXALD,
Secretary.
Comprising the Board of Trustees
of School District Xo. 2. County oflof beginning, containing a net area
Cochise, State of Arizona. of 7.701 acres, expressly excluding
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arl-
zona. Feb. 19, 1917.
XOTICE is hereby given that Daniel
McGowan, of Hereford, Ariz., who, on
January 6, 1913, made Homestead En
try. Xo. 020673, for the W SWVi.
section 5, and the E',6 SE, Section
6, Township 24 Range 22 East, G.
and S. R. Meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make final three year
Proof, to establish claim to the land
hZI. ,:r.7 x r7 , ; r
above described, before Jared D. Tay-
lor. TT. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee.
Ariz., on the 12th day of April. 1917.
Claimant names a3 witnesses
William Ryan, of Hereford, Ariz.;
Richard Todd, of Hereford, Ariz.; Day
ttm L. Graham, of Hereford, Ari.: Her
bert E. Cooper, of Bisbee, Ariz.
J. L. IRTIX,
Register.
First publication Feb. 21, 1917.
Lest publication March 22. 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
, U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona, Feb. 19, 17.
XOTICE is hereby given that John
F. Ashworth, of Garces, Ariz., who, on
December 17. 1913, made Homestead
Entry, No. Q23970, for Lots 1, 2, and
Si XE?4. section 6, Tp. 23 S., R. 21
East G. and S. R. Mer., and on May
28, 1914, made Additional Hd. Entry,
No. 025191 for the SEU of Sec
tion 6, Township 23 S., Range
21 East, G. and S. R. Meridian,
has filed notice of Intention tt) make
final three year Proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee, Ariz., on the 19th
day of ApriL 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Carl N. Carlson, of Hereford, Ariz.;
George H. All wood. W Hereford. Ariz.;
A. Newman,' of Garces,' Ariz!;
A. Newman, of Hereford. Ariz.
Roy
Caleb
L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication Feb. 21. 1917.
Last publication March 22, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari-:ciUding area in conflict with Green
zona. Feb. 19. 1917. J Leaf No. 1. fcf 0.970 acres: and with
NOTICE is hereby given that Homer Survey No. 3174, William Penn lode.
R. Fike. of Naco, Ariz., who. on May Df 0 080 acres.
4. 1912, made H. E. 014449 for WM j "TRILBY". Beginning at corner No.
NE4. NV4 SEV. and SE NW. ; i, the S. E. Corner, whence the N W.
section 1. Tp. 24 S., R. 22 East G. j Corner of Section 30, T. 23-S. R. 25-E..
and S. R. Mer., and on May 19. 1915. jo. & S. R. B. & M. bears N. 4 6' E.
made additional homestead entry No. '505.7 feet; thence N. 59 01' W. 600
027446 for N NW and SW NW, ' feet to corner No. 2; thence X. 24 20'
and NV4 SV4. Sectfon 1, Township e. 1500 feet to corner No. 3: thence
24 S.. Range 22 East, G. and S. R. g. 59' ni' E. 600 feet to corner Nto.
Meridian, has filed notice of intention; thence S. 24 20' W. 1500 feet to
to make final five year Proof. to'corrjer No lt tne piace of beginning,
establish claim to the land above de- j containing a net area of 19.463 acres,
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor. U. S. expressly excluding area in conflict
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Ariz., on the j wjth Green Leaf No. 1. of 1.059 acres.
19th day of April. 1917.
Claimant names a? witnesses:
John H. Hughes. Jacob C. Baker.
Joel H. Allen. William A. White, all
tr Hereford. Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication Feb. 21. 1917.
Last publication March 22, 1917.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
U. S. PATENT.
FOR
Mineral Survey No. 3268.
' Serial No. 031316.
Feb. 10. 1917.
In the United States Land Office,
Phoenix, Arizona.
Nbtice is hereby given that Baptist
Caretto, owner pf an undivided one
half Interest. Allen D. Fair, owner of
an undivided one-quarter interest and
Ralph A. Ziesemer, owner of an un
divided one-quprter interest, whose
nnstoftlce nildresKea are Bisbee. Ari
zona, have made application for patent
for the foimwin named lode mining
claims, situated In the Warren Min
ing District. Cochise County. Arizona,
In Section 19 and 30. Township 23-S,
Range 25-E. and unsurveyed. Sections
24 and 25, Township 23-3,. Range 2 I E,
C.. & S. R. P.. M.. de? ribod as fol-
low, to wit:
-r.FI.LE MONTH" B'gintng at cor-
nor No j lno N Corner, whence
n w Cornfr of Sertirm 19, T. 23-S.
R. 25-E. C. & S. R. B. & M. bears N.
59 48' E. 19t;8.9 feet; thence S. 29,
' W. 70.70 feet to corner No. 2;
thence N. 2
in.n ri," V ft
05' W, 1524.80 feet to
thence X. 29 48' E,
. - " . .. . , ... .
538.40 feet to corner No. 4; thence S. :
54 19' E, 1500 feet to corner No. 1,
the place of beginning, containing a
net area of 6.763 acres, expressly ex
cluding area in conflict with Survey
No. 2390, High Flyer lode, of 3.669
acres.
"GREEX LEAF NO. 2" Beginning
at corner No. 1, the X. E. Cbrner.
whence the W. 'i Corner of Section
19. T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M..
bears X. 30 38' E. 279.4 feet; thence
South, 603.40 feet to corner Xo. 2:
thence N. 83 46' W. 1500 feet to cor
ner Xo. 3: thence Xorth. 603.40 feet
to corner Xo. 4; thence R. 83 46' E
1500 feet to corner No. 1, the place
iSf beginning, containing a net area of
. , . ..
l-Zo acres, expressly exu;uuuiR area
In conflict with Survey No. 2256 Osce
ola lode, of 0.448 acres, and with Sur
vey Xo. 3180 O OM Paul lode, of 1.272
acres, and with Green Leaf Xo. 3, of
0.668 acres.
"MARCONI" Beginning at Corner
Xo. 1, the N. E. corner, whence the
W Corner of Section 19, T. 23-S
R. 25-E. O. & S. R. B. & M. bears N
9 35' E. 855.7 feet: thence South.
555.90 feet to ctorner No. 2; thence N
72' 47' W. 359.80 feet to corner No. 3
thence N. 65' 59' W. 771.50 feet to
(corner Xo. 4; thence Xorth. 250 feet
to corner No. 5: thence S. 83 46' E
.1054.70 feet to corner Xo. 1. the p'.ice
'area in conflict with Green Leaf No.
1 3, t)f 2.022 acres, and Bar Bullion, of
0.353 acres.
"GREEX LEAF XO. 3" Beginning
at corner Xo. 1, the S. E. Corner,
whence the N. W. Corner of Section
30. T. 23-S, R. 25-E. O. & S. R. B. & M.
bears S. 41 02' E. 1118.8 feet; thence
Xo. 51 20' W. 1279.00 feet to corner
Xo. 2; thence N. 29 48' E. 600 feet
to corner Xo. 3; thence S. 51 20' E.
1279.00 feet to corner Xo. 4; thence
S. 29 48' W. 600 feet to corner No.
il. the place of beginning, containing
' . 1 f ' ...,;
a . 111 "1 .1
! K. , , c,. .
0.427 acres, with Bar Bullion, of 0.401
acres, and with Mineral Farm Xo. 1,
of 4.420 acres.
"MIXERAL FARM NO. 1." Begin
ning at corner No. 1, the N. E. Corner,
whence the N W. Corner of Section
30, T. 23-S. R. 25-E., G. & S. R. B. & M.
bears S. 46" 16' E. 762.2 feet; thence
!S. 26 26' W. 719.00 feet to corner
Xo. 2; thence N. 30 06' W. 1482.60
feet to corner Xo. 3; thence X. 26
26' E. 719.00 feet to corner No. 4:
thence S. 30 06' E. 1482.60 feet to
corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of, 15.781 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Bar Bullion, of 4.634 acres.
"GREEX LEAF NO. 1." Beginning
at corner No. 1. the N. W. Corner,
whence the W. corner of Section
19, T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M.
bears No. 30 38' E. 279.4 feet; thence
S. 83 46' E. 603.40 feet to corner
No. 2; thence South, 1454.00 feet to
corner No. 3; thence N. 83 46' W.
603.40 feet to corner No. 4; thence
North 1454.00 feet to corner No. 1, the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 20.022 acres.
"BAR BULLION". Beginning at cor
ner No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence
! the S. W. Corner tf Section 19. T.
! 23-S. R. 25-E., G. & S. R. B. & M.
'bears N. 70 26' E. 584.3 feet: thence
N. 59 01' W, 600 feet to corner No,
2; thence N. 24 20' E. 1500 Teet to
corner No. 3; thence , S. 59 01' E.
600 feet to corner No. 4; thence S.
24 20' W. 1500 feet to corner No 1.
the place of beginning, containing a
net ar.ea of 19.472 acres, expressly ex
"MINERAL FARM NO. 2" Begin
ning at corner No. 1. the N. W. Cor
ner, whence the N. W. corner of Sec
tion 30. T. 23-S. R. 25-E., G. & S. R B.
& M. bears N. 87 58' E. 827.8 feet;
thence S. 59 01' E. 1500 feet ti cor
ner No. 2: thence S. 25 32' 30" W.
296.00 feet to corner No. 3; thence N.
68 31' W. 1498.50 feet to corner No.
4; thence N. 25 32 SO" E. 446.70
feet to corner No. 5; thence N. 26
26' E. 97.70 feet to corner No. 1. the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 14.419 acres.
"MIDWAY NO. 1". Beglnnin at cor
ner Nt. 1. the N. W. corner, whence
the W. Vt corner of Section IS, T.
23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears
3. 29 26' W. 670.9 feet; thence S.
59 01' E. 654.50 feet to corner No.
2; thence S. 5 44' W. 1500 feet to
corner No. 3; thence N. 59 1' W.
654.50 feet to corner No. 4; thence N.
5 44 E.. 1500 feet to corner
No. 1, the place of beginning, con-
Gaining a net area of 14.974 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey No. 2455. Burro Shoe
lode of 1.405 acres, and with Green
Leaf Nt. 1, of 4.005 acres.
"MIDWAY NO. 2." Beginning at
corner Xo. 1, the X. W. corner, whence 1
the W. 'i Corner or Section 10. T.
22 S. R. 25 E.. G. & S. R. B. JC- M.
Bears S. 71" 2M' W. 924.fi feel: th. nee
S. 59 01' E. M2.0o feet to corner No.
2; thence S. 5 41' W. I.'ipO feet to
corner No. 3; thence N. 59 01' W.
662.00 feet to corner No. 4; thence
X. , 41' E. 1500 feet to corner No.1
1. the place tjf beginning, containing
a nn area 01 u.oio acres.
"CASH ENTRY NO. 2". Beginning
at corner No. 1. the N. W. Corner,
whence the W. "4 Corner of Section
19, T. 23-S. R. 25-E., G. & S. R. B. & M.
bears N. 86 20' W. 14..1.4 feet:
mence t. ui o"--"" ieei ia
corner No. 2; thence S. 5 44' W. 1500
feet to comer No. 3: thence N. 59'
p a a r i t .t ft r.At
01' W. 662.00 feet tt corner No. 4;
thence X. 5' 44' E. 1500 feet to corner
Xo. 1, the place of beginning, contain
ing a net area of 20.618 acres.
"CASH EXTRY XO. 1." Beginning
it corner Xo. 1, the S. W. Corner,
vhence the S. W. Corner of Section
19, T. 23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. &
I, bears S. 26 16' W. 1042.3 feet;
"hence Xorth 685.10 feet to corner
Vo. 2: thence S. 59 01' E. 1500 feet
Lu.Ur, o. cu..., ij.i
feet to corner No. 4; thence N. 59
a HAaAa. V. 4. 4aia. CVv., Hw COr 1A i
11' W. 1500 feet to corner No. 1. the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 20.226 acres.
The location notices of these claims
are recorded In the office of the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
49 follows:
Bar Bullion. Recorded in Book 52.
Record of Mines, page 131.
Belle Monte, Recorded In Bctok 52,
Record of Mines, page 137.
Cash Entry No. 1, Recorded In Book
52, Record of Mines, page 139.
Cash Entry No. 2., Recorded in Bobs.
54, Record of Mines, page 286.
Green Leaf No. 1, Recorded in Book
52, Record of Mines, page 122.
Green Leaf No. 2, Recorded in Bcjk
52, Record of Mines, page 133.
Green Leaf No. 3, Recorded in Bbok
52, Record of Mines, page 134.
Trilby, Recorded in Book 52, Rec
ord of Mines, page 130.
Mineral Farm No. 1, Recorded In
Book 52, Record of Mines, page 128.
Mineral Farm No. 2, Recorded in
Book 52. Record of Mine3, page 129
Midway Xo. 1, Recorded in Book
52. Record of Mines, page 135.
Midway No. 2, Recorded In Book
52, Record of Mines, page 136.
Marconi, Recorded in Book 52, Rec
ord t)f Mines, page 138.
The names of the adjoining claims
of this survey are: On the North:
Survey No. 3 ISO. O OM Paul lode,
Survey No. 2256. Osceola lode. Survey
No. 2455. Jack Robinson lode and Burro
Shoe lode, unsurveyed claims, claini3
and claimants unknown.
On the East: Unsurveyed claims,
claims and claimants unknown. Lit -
tie Dandy and Garibaldi lbdes. unsur -
veyed.
On the South: Victor, unsurveyed.
Survey Xo. 3174. William Penn lode!
Survey No. 2028, Grover lode. Survey
No. 3173, Morning Star lode. Survey
No. 2280 Omega lode.
On the West: Survey Xo. 2390. High
Flyer lode and Pet House lode.
J. L. IRVIX.
Register.
First publication Feb. 13. 1917.
Last publication April 26, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
V. S. LAXD OFFICE at Phoenix.
Arizona. Feb. 10. 1917.
Notice is hereby given that W Jac
ob McAllister, of Buena. Arizona, who.
on Feb. 4. 1913. made Homestead En
rv No 021106. for SEV,. Section 6.
ownshin 22S . Rnnre 21F.. O ft S R
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to mnVp Tree Year F'nal Proof, to
cthliph claim to the land ahove de -
socrlbed. before Jared D Tavlor. V.
S Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona,
on the 29th day of March. 1917.
riairnint tiamp as witnesses:
M Brvsn CsssiMs R Knoles. Paul
m hnoies. uiiver rry. all of Buena
'rlmna
.T L trvtx Tteiter
vtrot PuMicption Fnh 13 1917
T st Publication Mar-h 29. 1917
----- --
'V THE UNTTFn STATES LAND
OFFICE.
Phoenix. Arizona. Feb 10 1917.
Nice nf AnHiratln for Patnf Sun.
vev No. IftQrt Srl-l No 031?41
Notfce Is herohv !ivn that Conner
Onoon Consolidated V;ni" Comnnv.
t comoration orgnni7rt under the
'""Uif fclip.Stato nf Vw VnrV and
'.wfntlv n-aod In tip transaction
f H eomnrate hnvinaqa In te Sate
af Arfrnnn. bv O H Powell, its Gen -
'sl Mansger and Attomev In Fact,
"hose post office address is Douglas,
coehlse Conntv. Ari7ona. has made
wnliratinn for patent for the "Ha va-
lode. sUi'ate in Warren Mining
"'strict Cochise Conntv. State of Ari
zona and Is more fnllv described as
o metes and bounds bv the official
t hprowlth twisted, and hv the field
-Ate nf snrrov therenf fltod In the
o. . w .. . . .
cs'ates T ,nd Office, at Phoen.r. Arlwvj
na. which field notes of survey de- !
said claim on the surface, with mag
netic variation of 12 30' East as fol
lows: "Havana" Lode
Beginning at Cor. No. 1. whence U.
M. M. No. 1. Warren Mining Dis
trict bears S. 89 11' E. 2373 3 feet:
thence N. 7S 12' W. 2S4 4 feet to
fur No 2: thence S 1rt 33' W.
"?4 feet to Cor. No. 3: thence S. 7S
1?' F. 21 1 feet to Cor No. 4: thence
X O0 5fi' W. 24.".. 4 feet to Cor. No. 5;
thence X. S4 34' K. 43 8 feet to Cor.
No. 1. the place of beginning, exclud
ing, however, from said described
area the area of .057 acres In con-
diet with "Wrb-ter" lode. Purvey
The net area or aiil "Havana" lode,
for which pater.t is applied, exclusive
of. ore.-f in conflict with "Y.Vbster"
lode. Survey 1387 is 1.313 acres.
The adjoining and conflicting claims
are tne ".Molvina lode, K.irvey r.o.
9-9; r0pper King" lode. Surrey No.
375: "Webster" lode. Survey No.
1387; and A1 Hassen" lode. Survey
No. 13S7.
Any and all persons claiming ad
versely the mining ground, vein, lode.
premises, or any portion thereof.
. rtesPribprt- B,i.-vved, platted and
i anpl;e,, (or are berpby notiBd tnat
,.. a,.TC i.,, . ...,
"
" v"1 ii uun i .- i- icii.iu air ViUlJ
filed, according to law and the regu-
lation!, thereunJ(ir wUtin the tmiP
prescribed by law, with the Register
of the United Stites Land Office, at
Phoenix. Maricopa County. Arizona,
they will be barred by virtue of th
provisions of paid statute.
J. L. IRVTX,
Register or the United State
Land Office, Phoenix. Arizona.
rirst Publication Feb. 13. 1917.
jMt Publication April 21, 1917
: '
IX THE UNITED STATES LAND
OFFICE
Phoenix, Arizona, Feb. 10, 1917
Notice of Application for Patent, Sur
vey No. 1920, Serial No. 031242.
Xotlce Is hereby given that the Cop
per Queen Consolidated Mining Com
pany, a corporation organized tinder
the laws of the State of New York,
and uwfully engaged in the transact
ion of its corporate business in the
State of Arizona, by G. H. Dowell, its
General Manager nd Attorney in
Fact, whose post office address Is
Douglas. Cochise County, Arizona,
has made application for patent for
the "Midget" lode, situate in Warren
Mining District, Cochise County,
State of Arizona, and is ore fully
described as to metes and bounds by
the official plat herewith posted, and
hv the field notes of survey thereof,
filed In the office of the Register of
the United States Land Office, at
hoenix. Arizona, which field notes
of survey describe the boundaries and
extent of said claim on the surface,
with magnetic variation of 12 0'
East as follows:
"Midget" Lode
Beginning at Cor. No. 1. whence V.
S. M. M. No. 4, Warren Mining Dis
trict bears S. 7S 06' E. 4462.8 feet;
thence X. 34 36' W. 74.5 feet to Cor.
No.' 2; thence S. SO 51' W. 3S7.1 feet
to Cor. No. 3; thence S. 34 26' E.
18 53 feet fo Cor No 4: thence N
7S 57' E- 3S1.25 feet the place of be-
j sinning, excluding, however, from
I sa'd described area 0.024 acres in
1 conflict with "Macomb" lode. Survey
Xo. 1S96: also 0.404 acres in conflict
with "Golden Gate" lode. Survey No.
R43.
The net area of said "Midget" lode,
for which patent Is applied, exclusive
of said areas in conflict is 0.226 acres.
The adjoining and conflicting claims
are the "Hendricks," Survey No. 290;
"Copper Globe," Survey Xo. 1346;
"Golden Gate." Survey Xo. 843:
"Macomb," Survey Xo. 1S96; "Back
Bone." Survey Xo. 13S7; and "Twi
light." Survey No. 13S7.
Any and all persons claiming ad
versely the mining ground, vein. lode,
premises, or any portion thereof, so
described, surveyed, platted and ap
plied for. are hereby notified that un
less their adverse claims are duly
filed, according to law and the regula
tions thereunder, within the time pre
scribed by law. with the Register of
ffcp United States Land Office, at
Penix Maricona County. Arizona,
fhev will be barred by virtue of the
1 nrovisions of said statute
J. L. IRVIX.
Register of the United States
Land Office. Thoenix. Arizona.
Fist Publication Feb. 13. 1917.
; Publication April 24. 917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Denrtment o tSe Inferior
IT. S UM1 OFFICE at Phoenix.
Arl7ora. Feb. 10 1917
j Notice is hereby given that Roy
, Bve. of Hereford. Arizona, who. on
April 30. 1912. made Homestead En
j trv No ni7."!4. for NE'J Section 12.
. Tnwnshin 23S . Rnice 21E.. G. & S.
R Meridian has filed notiee of irten-
lon n make T'ee Year F't1 Proof.
o establish clfli-n to te land shore
f'eserihod. before .Tard D Tavlor. U
S Commissioner t Bishee Arirona
n t '",, Hav of Marrn. 1917
: Claimant names na witnesses:
; 'ov Snerow. Sherman J. Reals. John
Findlav. and George W. Loncley. all
of Hereford. Arizona.
J. L. IRVIX. Reeister.
I First Publication Feb. 1.1. 1917.
I T-ast Publication March 29. 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
V. S Land Office at rhocnlx. Ari
T.oia. Feb. 19. 1917.
NOTICE is herebv given that Adntph
C- Hinters. tf Hereford. Ariz., who.
ma(le j Ka.
tfy No p,., for sw,, of ?p..
tion 20, Township 23 S.. Rangt 22
East. G. and S. R. Meridian. hs filed
notice of intention to make final three
year Proof, to establish claim to the
land above described, before Jared D.
Taylor. U. S. Commissioner, at P.w
bee. Ariz, tin the 20th dav of April.
1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Fanmel C. Giles, of Hereford. Ariz :
William F. Cowan, of rishee. Ariz.:
Kdward Wilcox, of Hereford. Ariz.;
Frank C. Cohbe, or Hereford. Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN.
Reeister.
First publication Feb. 21. 1"!7
Last publication March 22, 1917. SEVEN
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, MARCH 10, 1917.
V-
Review Want Ads
..ivertlsenienU under t& ead at the race of 1 con. per word tot each
. itt a minimum char? of 25 cents Advertise-ients mnst read Th
iew office not Inter tVian t p. m. tor Insertion In the next mornir.s paper
Wanted
WANTED Bell boy Copper Queen
Hotel.
311
WANTED Maid for general house
work. 21 Quality Hill. 382 j
WANTED An assistant at McDon
ald's Beauty Shop. . 53
WANTED A girt at Warren, Cole
Building. Phone 424. 504
WANTED Boarders and roomers.
Mrs. Slade, 185 Naco Road. 409
WANTED Girl for chambermaid
work. Copper Queen Hotel. 535
WANTED A maid for general house
work and cooking. Phone Blue 512.
542
WANTED To rent house close in, un
. furnished, hath 'attached. Address
D. C, care Review. 509
WANTED Young man wants board
and room in private family. C. T.
Hamilton, Review office. 57S
WANTED Four or five room house
close in, with bath, unfurnished.
Address L. D. C. care Review. 292 '
WANTED Ten men to take up hides
Report at on' Lowell --arket 7 o'
clock a. m. E. A. Tovrea & Co. 54?
WANTED Three lady solicitors, two
to ten dollars a day. Inquire Guar- i
antee Paint Co., after five evenincs. '
WANTED To rent, one large or 2
small furnished rooms near Brew
ery Gulch blacksmith shop. Phone
391. 567
WANTED By young man with book
keeping and railroad office expert-,
ence, knowledge of time keeping.
Desire position at once. References
U. D. W., Review. 569
WANTED Partner in paying restau
rant Cash a second consideration,
must be honest and able to help
with the business.. Address A. B.,
care Review. 5SI
Furnished Room
FOR RENT 3 furnished rooms for
housekeeping, 56 Upper Lowell. 461
FOR RENT Batching cabin suitable
for two. 104 Youngblood Hill. 57G
FOR RENT 2 room housekeeping or
batching. 176 Naco Road. 072
FOR RENT Furnished housekeeping
room. 9iC O. K. St., Phone Red 530.
476
FOR RENT Two light housekeeping
rooms furnished, 89 Upper Lowell,
Nora Cunningham. 573
FOR RENT One furnished house
keeping room, 85 Main Street, Cot
tage home. 233
FOR RENT 2 housekeeping roo- s,
lights and water, 41B O. K. Trail.
482
FOR RENT Two rooms for house
keeping also sleeping room for two.
49 O. K. St. 565
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms to
parties without children. Inquire O.
K. Cash Store. 533
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
L. B. WHITNEY, Lawyer, Rooms E
Allec Block, Open evenings, Phon
647. (10S;
DRESSMAKERS Mesdames Coth
eru and Butler. Arlington Hotel.
Optra Drive. Phone 459. 412
Dressmaking and ladies tailoring. 37
Laundry Hill, Metz car stop. Mrs.
McDougall. 545
THE MOOSE HOTEL (Old Kinne
House) Furnished rooms J2 pel
week and up, with gas; also light
housekeeping rooms. 178
P. J. McCullough, contractor. Phone
20. Box 934. Excavating, retain
ing walls, concrete houses, wells
and mining work is my specialty
221
Toothache can .be prevented by fol
lowing simple instructions. Call at
my office for free booklet. J. F.
Tcufcrt, D. D. S., Maze Building,
17 ; nioor
PETEY DINK Fortunately
dm
si
Positions Wanted
POSITION WANTED by young lady
of experience as office girl or sales
lady. Address S. D. L., care Review
579
For Sale
FOR SALE Mason Dining room and
kitchen at Lowell. 3S4
FOR SALE Jerome Portland, 150
shares 60. Box 2358. 507
FOR SALE 3 roo- house, a bargain
if taken at once. 196 Miller Hill.
472
FOR SALE Will sell paying business
reasonable, for particulars write
Review A. B. 5S1
FOR SALE Used pianos $175 cash
or cash terms if desired. Phone
106, Box 492, Mr. Heath. 564
FOR SALE Young team & colt See
Room 26 Doyle rooming house.
Tombstone Canyon, 1 p. m. to 3 p.
m. 541
FOR SALE Dodge touring car late
16 Model, first class condition,
cheap, cash only. Address Box J.
C. S., Review. a- 680
FOR SALE Lots on Winwood Add.
An ideal location for families
Term? $10.00 down and $10.00 a
month. Mrs. Winwood. Winwood
Add. ' 184
por Hirnent cash prlpe paM
for -.eond hand furniture to
riothlne and tool Tjmip Jfnj
Pr.wrr Cnlrh !!
FOR SALE One Overland roadster,
40 H. P motor in good condition.
Model 79, $275 cash. Must be sold
at once B. L. Davey, Warren.
Phone 687. 480
FOR SALE Ford touring car nearly
new. $200. extra equipment. Includ
ing Gray & Davis starter and gen
erator, storage battery etc. A bar
gain if sold at once. Call Mr. Schlae
gel. 56S
FOR SALE Two lots beautifully lo
cated. Both lots 100x200. Pataloo
ma Heights, San Diego. Will ex
change this property for anything,
automobile preferred. Address Box
2191. city. 4S1
FOR SALE Five room bouse, bath.
front and back porch, wash house, I
nice yard with grass and several
trees. Cash or terms if desired, 26
Quality Hill. Phone Black 438, or
see L. L. Gilman, jeweler, optician.
534
Miscellaneous
'.earn actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A.. Los Angeles Cat
alogs free. 955
HROP A CARD to the Guarantee
. Paint & Wall Paper Co. for all
kinds of work In our line. Pat Clea
ry, manager. Box 1495. Phone 720.
Burns oxygen gas, 96 percent oxygen,
4 percent coal oil vapor. Demon
strations at Pythian Castle. O. K.
St., with the Bisbee Furniture Co.
J. J. O'Lougblin, sales agent, Bisbee
and Douglas. Phone 341. 511
Taking orders now. White and Brown
Leghorn chicks. $12.50 per hundred,
P.arrcd Rocks and Rhode Island
Reds. $15.00 per hnndred. F. O. B.
Phoenix. Terms $2.00 per hundred
deposit with order, balance C. O. D.
Safe arrival guaranteed. Send us
your orders. Phoenix Seed & Feed :
Co. 5:!2
(JRNITURE FOR SALE The John-;
son Addition Furniture Co. wants !
to pay you the highest cash prices ;
for your second band furniture. Al- i
so wants to trade or exchange you .
new furniture for your old. We will
sell you furniture cheaper than
anybody on easy payments. Call j
In at the big brick building at the!
Johnson Addition and let us show
you our large and selected stock of
bouse 'furnishings, or phone ns at
oar store. Phone 385, Johnson Ad
dition '
Henrietta Isn't Bold Enough.
I
I COOI'tT. ov- i
GREAT VERDE EX.
LAST DAY
AT
THIRTY
IHE ADVANTAGES OF LOCATION
jC?SEVENTH IN A STRAIGHT
I jlNITED V IjERCtfE VERDE I Jl
VERDE C4PPER J M-co-VV -KGREAV d4
5 Zl J COMPANY I KJf VCKCd ,jtjir
THIS IS THE LAST DAY on which we can accept orders for
Treasury shares of GREAT VERDE EFTENSION Copper
Company at THIRTY CENTS.
All orders post marked not later than March 10th will be hon
ored, subject to prior sale.
If at a distance, telegraph us at our expense. We believe this
property is going to make us a good many new friends and
customers, wherever it is placed.
Hence this offer. Take advantage of it GREAT VERDE
EXTENSION at FIFTY CENTS would still be the lowest
priced close-in stock in the Jerome District.
The price is to be advanced rapidly to FIFTY CENTS, which
will be nearer the real value of these shares.
They are full paid non-assessable, transferable, and not pool
ed nor restricted in any manner.
Twenty companies are either actually producing or actively
developing in the immediate vicinity. A strike by any of
them, likely to occur any day, will greatly advance the value
of these shares.
MAKE ALL CHECKS TO THE BANK OF JEROME
BANK OF JEROME, Jerome, Arizona.
Gentlemen: Herewith f.nd $
of treasury stock cf GREAT VEP.DE
30 cente a share, as advertised above.
100 Shaies are $ 30.00
250 Shares are 75.00 .
" 500 Shares are 15G.C0
1,000 Shares are
5,000 Shares are
10,000 Shares are
300.00
15C0.00 '
3000.00
USE THIS FORM TELEGRAPH IF AT A DISTANCE
Great Verde Extension
Syndicate
C ANDERSON, Agent.
in W. N. Edward's
Muheim Building. -
PRESIDENT ORDERS
ARMING OF SHIPS
(Continued From Page One)
early session of the sixty-fifth
congress whose' support he will
also need in all matters collater
al to the defense of our merchant
marine."
Although the bill which failed of
passage in the senate provides for
a bond issue of $100,000,001) to pay the
expense of armed neutrality, the gov
ernment has sufficient money availa
ble for its immediate purposes. Con
gress will be asked to provide more
when the extra session convenes.
LEARN TO
DANCE
Private instruc
tion Daily
8 a. m. 11 a. m
Woman's Club
House.
Phone G2S
Children's Class
Saturday
2 to 4 p. m.
W. J. Graves
Best known In
structor iu
West.
mm? v. ..:
CENTS
LINE- 2 MILES LLMfa.
.1917.
for shares
EXTENSION COFFER CO., at
.......
Real Estate Office)
- - Brewery Gulch
N THE SUPERIOR COURT ,
' In the County of Cochise, I
State of Arizona. '
Bessie Smith. Plaintiff, vs.
I George Smith, Defendant.
; Action brought in the Superior Court
of the State of Arii-'Jna, in and for
the County of Cochise aud the Com
plaint filed in the said County of
j Cochise, in the office of the Clerk
of said Superior Court
The State of Arizona Sends Greeting:
i George Smith.
You are hereby required to appear
in au action bi'jught against you by
the above named Jiintiff in the Su
perior Court of the State of Arizona,
'in and for the County of Cochise, and
, to answer the complaint filed therein
within twenty days (exclusive of the
'day of service) after the service on
you of this summons (if served within
the county; 'otherwise within thirty
'days) or judgment by default will be
taken against you according to the
prayer of said complaint.
Given under my hand and the
Seal of the Superior Court of
the State of Arizona, in and
.(Seal) for the County of Cochise, this
7th day of Marcn in the year
of our Lord, one thousand nine
hundred aud seventeen.
J. E. JAMES.
Clerk.
Py II. P. JOHNSON,
Deputy Clerk.
A
7
COMPLEXION OF NEXT i
CONGRESS BAFFLES
(Continued From Page One)
"did not favor" Mr. Mann. He did not
way, however, that he would not vote
for him.
All or the newly elected Democratic
and Republican members probably
will be summoned here for caucuses
a week or ten days before Congress is
reconvened. Democrats are assured
that all of their members will caucus
but several former Progressives now
not enrolled as Republicans, it Is
said, will decline to be bound by
caucus rules.
' Some members would not be sur
prised to see a coalition agreement
entered into before April IS and the
slate carried tln'ough with a rush be
fore the end of the first day. Neither
side proposes to permit weeks of use
less balloting for speaker to tie up
important government business. De
spite the growing talk of coalition the
five independents insist they will not
acquiesce quietly to wishes of bis
party leaders. By acreetnent none of
the "independents will pledge hi'iiself
I'j any candidate for speaker belore
April 6. Speaker Clark predicted to
night that once congress resumes sit
tings it will not adjourn until August,
1918.
ORPHEUM OFFERS GIG
ATTRACTION IN "THE
HERO OF SUBMARINE"
Charles Richmond, Yiiapraph lead
ing man, had the most thrilling ex
perience of his career recently while
acting in that company's latest re
lease, "The Hero of Submarine D-2."
This feature appears today and Sun
day at the Orpheum. Richmond is the
hero, and in order to justify his claim
to that distinction is shot through a
torped'j tube from a submerged sub-
ar.ne, r.ses to the surface, boards
a merchant ship and explodes mines
prematurely that would have blown
to pieces the entire Atlantic tleet.
An attempt was made to fake that
part of tin script, but believing in
bsolu'e reaiijiu la art, Richmond in-..icted-
in carrying out the scene to
"tie letter.
D-2, v. :i :h U o:ie of tli' smaller submarine-;
of the navy, m.der rommand
of Li. t;t. I'. K. Rohott'en. was sub
merged to a distance of five feet so
as to in ure Ric hmond's coming to
the siirfacc and U. revent any mis
hap through the pressure of the water
; t a crcicr lierh. Uichmond crept
into th' torpedo tube and immediately
the door was closed and the spring
reka-td which sh'.it iiim out into the
waters ol Newport harbor. Although
he is an adept swimmer, he did not
figure on the coldness of the water
and nearly forgot to keep rigid. Any
relaxation on his part might have
sprained his back in some way. but he
held himself tense and shot through
the water at great speed for a distance
of at least 40 feet By slanting his
hands upward. Richman came cb the
surface, being under water but tilt
short space of three sect-ndt
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
AND
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 2f
l'':-x.J:' v
i
n BP fj B D Q L 4 S fl U
utnu ? t
i . . " 1
I M-:vr;.. ',,,
. y ,,r-v.
..Lodge
WEEK ENDING MARCH 10
Monday
Thurs. Chapter Regular.
Wednesday 1st Degree.
Thursday Chap. Regular.
Friday 3rd Degree.
Saturday Mark Master.
N. C. BLEDSOE, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. & A. M.
A. AI. COLWELL. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBKOOK. T. I. M.
J. E. FRY, E. C.
F S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chapter
and Commadery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary CounciL
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of eaeii month. Visiting brothers '
cordially invited to attend.
CHARLES S. BEAR. Exalted Ruler.
R. B. COOVER, Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE, No.
10, I. O. O. F.
Meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows Hall.
Main street at 7
p. m. isiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
; phone 119.
CARL V. NELSON. N. G.
G. A. PLL'NKETT. Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 210.
Meets in I. O.
O. F. Hall sec
ond and fcu.-th
SATl'RDA
at 7:30 p m.
.; .. . n
ers ci.rda y
Invited to !
tend.
GEO. SLEEMAN, W. M.
1 ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary.
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
Thea ire
Continuous from 1 to 10 P. M.
TODAY
"Stronger Than Steel"
2 Reel Drama.
"Perils of a Plumber"
L-Ko Comedy.
"ANIMATED WEEKLY"
ADMISSION
5c
Bargain
The Home Industry Furniture
Store, Home Industry Lodging
House and Barber Shop, will all be
sold for Cash at a sacrifice. Great
money maker. Owing to Owuer'.
ill health, obliged to leae the
Camp. Would accept a good auto
mohle if reasonable. Inquire
HOME INDUSTRY FURNITURE
STORE. LOWELL.
Opposite Bank of Lowell.
IF YOU DO SABE
' ASK ART
ANYWAY
0
HJW CAill-V VOO MEN
At?i - Dt-vthirn
Akjy Wiimaw tool r Lnnv
3oto EmooGH To veAa
,wat 5oct op costume.
:00
Sale
Notices...
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
tmpp t .ria tin. 175. F. O. E.. meet
fhai and iird MONDAYS, 8. p. m..
Eagles Hall. Visitors cordially wel
come. RICHARD DAVIS, President '
M. D. COHEN, Aerie Physician.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets iO ?: v,
T j ill. seoivi ;r r
:V Tuesdays r i ;i .i cm n
Visiting iiri?.
Ap' come.
M. C. BENTON. Councillor.
J. L. BENTON, Recording Ser tury
MODERN WOODMEN OF C
r J Bisbee Crnv V"
Meets firs? Tue
' ' O-'rt e l
R. L MOTZ
H. F. M T?FV s
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temnlij: No. S.meets ery .-,nd
ana 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows' Hall Visiting
sisters are cordially Invited.
ANNA HART, M. E. C.
JEANET SWEENEY. M. f R. C
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
?i Lowell Camp No 4'5 will
meet 1st and 3rd Wed
nesday ' 7 r---t
HalL
J. L. WINTERS. C t
O. B. TI'OMAS C'eru
All Woodmen invited.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN
Meets first and lMri
Thursdays a: 7:30 p m
in Medigovich Hall. All
Tisitlng Red Mn inv't
to attend
' ' sa hem
W. D. COHEN. Medicine
F. C FENDERSON. C. of R
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Hall
Pearl Chapter. No. 6, meets
in HTn.n;A LI .11 J I
ll ii3VJU,u flail BCVUUU 4UU
lourtn luesday of
month at 7:38 p. m.
MRS, ANNA C RICI'ARPS W
Phr.ne 2:;o. P. O. Box 841. Bisbee.
i ss;:- a:-: van, sy p o. b
22119, hiiirman fUUef Com. Phone 647
KNiGHTS LADIES OF SECURITY.
BISBEE COUNCIL. NO. 2115.
Meets every Thursday at Union
Hall, 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially Invited. C. A. Clem, Pres.,
R;ix K:2:l Bisbee.
Frederick J. Attaway, Sec, Lowell
E. Linguist, financier, box 33246. Lo
ell
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge No.
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
V
"ARL SOBLEY. C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM. K. of R. S
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets in Medigovich Hall 2nd and
4th Fridays of each month.
HATTIE A. LUKE. Guardian.
PAULINE F. BROVN. Cl-TlL
P. O. Box 621.
T. P. a.
FRATERNAL
BROTHER HOLD
No
1st
Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Odd Fel
lows HalL Vilt
ing members cordially Invited.
PHIL. DAVIS, President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
.CATHERINE SALHOLM. Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
Meets every Friday night. Moose HaU
Visiting brothers cordially Invited.
. V. PETTEY, Dictator.
KAY ROSS. Secretary
.My C A. VOIGHT
- L.
1 I Bisbee Lodge
ft riVi-BK-. X 452 meets the
l. rjV i k-jlK and 3rd EIGHT
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, MARCH 10, 1917.
irpneum
TONIGHT COMMENCING 6:15 P. M. TONIGHT
J. STUART BLACKTON AND ALBERT E. SMITH PRESENT
"18
Hero
By Cyrus Townsend Brady
Cohort is shot through a torpedo tube, swims to the hostile vessel, explodes the mines
prematurely, that have been placed in the path of the incoming Atlantic Fleet, by agents
of a foreign government who are endeavoring to cripple the navy with the intention of
following it up with an invasion. When Colton accomplished his daring feat he not
only won the esteem of his superior officers, but also the woman of his choice, who had
been kept from him by political powers on account of his refusing to obey their dis
honorable bidding.
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CTS.
The Home of Real Reel Features.
Continuous from 1 to 10
-:- -:- -:- -:
William Fox Presents
, VALES KA SURATT IN
"The Victim"
A Powerful Portrayal of a Woman's Redemption.
ADMISSION - - - - 10 and 15 Cents.
TONIGHT
Commencing 6:15 P. M.
DONT MISS
GLADYS HULETTE
and a Fine Supporting Cast in
Her N
ew
A Human Interest Story that shows the big city's sym
pathetic side es well as its heartless side.
ADMISSION
SPANISH LESSONS
" successful teacher, privateiy and
in class. Spanish conversation and
correspondence correctly and rapidly
taught. Individual coaching adapted
to advanced students. Address Box
2174, Bisbee. Advertisement. 57"
Cut the High Cost
of Living
by buying your meats from us. We will save you
from 1 0 per cent to 25 per cent on your meat bill. Our
prices are the same every day.
COMPARE OUR MEATS AND PRICES WITH
WHAT YOU ARE GETTING AND PAYING
FOR ELSEWHERE.
We will leave it to your judgment and feel confident we
will make you a regular patron of our market.
We handle all cuts of Kansas City Meats, guaran
teed to be the best in the district.
. ALL OUR POULTRY IS HOME DRESSED.
It will pay you to visit our market. A nickel saved
here and there on your meat bill will run into, money in
a month's time.
(Fresh shipment of fish received daily during Lent.)
0 0
Holz Building
Naco
CHARLES RICHMAN
AND OTHER PROMINENT VITAGRAPH PLAYERS IN
of 8
ubmarfne D-2"
TONIGHT
10 and 15 Cents.
ORIGINAL BiSBEE-TOWBSTCNE,
STAGE LINE.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
daily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co. Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. 939
(Advertisement)
Road
Phone 141
York
Met
heatre
WILL OPEN TODAY.
Harry Hay's barber shop, formerly
in the Maze building on Main Street,
will be reopened today in the Lyric
building opposite the depot.
SPECIAL TODAY AT ENGLISH
KITCHEN
Home baked pork and beans, Bos
ton style, hot Boston bread.
Advertisement. 3S2
HOL2.ER A VISITOR.
Charles A. Holzer, district manager
for the Western Union Telegraph Co.
with headquarters in Tucson, is a
business visitor in the Warren Dis
trict. I Hide on the American Stage Line,
! Bisbee to Douglas. Phone 2i6.
i Advertisement.
GLOBE ATTORNEY VISITS.
Samuel H. Morris, of the firm of
Ellinwood and Ross, and stationed at
Globe where he handles the legal end
of the Old Dominion Copper Compa
ny, Is a visitor in Bisbee. He expects
to return to the Gila county seat this
morning.
i SPECIAL TODAY AT ENGLISH
KITCHEN
Home baked pork and beans, Bos
ton style, hot Boston bread.
: : Advertisement. 5S2
LEAVES ON VACATION.
George W. Oeiis, popular manager
of the Western Union Telegraph Coiii
pany, leaves today for a vacation en
the Pacific Coast. It. N. Henderson,
nian.itrer at Oxnard, California, will
relieve Ochs.
FOR SALE
Two chair barber shop outfit. Uncle
Jim, Brewery Gulch.
Advertisement. 5C3
RETURN FROM HONEYMOON.
J. E. Guthrie and Mrs. Guthrie, who
were married in Bisbee on February
19. have returned to the Warren Dis
trict after spending their honeymoon
in the east visiting relatives. Mrs.
Guthrie was formerly Miss Rose Was
ser and the groom is a popular em
ploye of the Copper Queen boiler
shop. They will make their residence
in Bisbee.
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE
Irwin Studio, Main Street. 857
Advertisement '
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
(Allan Block)
Delicious home made butter,
costs same as any other. Try it.
Advertisement.
It
310
GOES TO MINE.
J. O. Tonkin, secretary-treasurer of
the Santa Cruz-Bisbee Mining Com
pany, leaves this morning for the pron
erty of the company, located at Afad
oviile. Santa Cruz county. While in
that region of the state he will also
look over the property of the Two Na
tions Mining Company, in which he is
interested. He will be absent from
his office several days.
SPECIAL TODAY AT ENGLISH
KITCHEN
Hoe baked pork and beans, Bos
ton style, hot Boston bread.
Advertisement. 5S2
NEW STORE OPENS TODAY
Joe L. Dlekstein will open his new
haberdashery. The Office Store, cn
Main St.. next to the Review office,
this n-orning with a full line of up-to-date
men's furnishings, shoes and
hats. The public is cordially invited
to visit the store and inspect the new
goods.
The Optical department of L. L. Oil
man's is the oldest in the state and
also the busiest, employing two regis
tered opticians who devote their en
tire time correcting' your vision ard
grinding your lenses. You will nl
wavs find us ready and qualified to
handle the most complicated cases
without delay. We boast of having
the largest number of prescriptions
in the west and each one represents
a satisfied customer.
Advertisement
GOES TO JEROME.
Charles A. Mitke. ventilating export
:iml mining engineer of the Copper
tjnooii Company is a visitor in Jerome
Hi- h:is been limkin over the needs
r I lie M'Vcml mines ill tin- Clillnti
I list: irt from :i standpoint of ventila
tion anil before ho returned decided
to make n trip to Hie big Verde Dis
trict. NOTICE
Funeral son ices of Lite Brother
Jake Sands, lilo member. Aspen, Col
u ratio l.od.o. will he held lroin the
Klks ('lull inniiis Sunday. March 11th
ill one p. in. Klks ami friends invited.
C. S. BKAK. K. It. Advorti t'liit nt 571
ON THE OCEAN.
Friends of Y. (i. Honillas. formerly
a geologist with the Copper Queen
Company but who is now connected
with :i large copper concern in Chili,
with headquarters in Santiago, have
heard from him since his departure
from Bisbee. He has sailed from
.'ew York ti nil will make his way to
the South American republic by way
of the Panama Canal.
Morrow Chiropodist removes corns,
bunions, ingrowing nails without pain.
Instant relief, office 2 doors from city
park, lirowery Gulch.
Advertisement. 2sYI
UP PROM NACO.
Captain Noble, of the First Arizona
Infantry, was a visitor in this city
yesterday. He stated that the Arizo
na camp was a joyful one since mus
tering out orders were received.
KNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS
AH Knights and visiting brothers
are requested to attend our late Ero.
John Halleron funeral, 2 p. m. Sun
day, 11th. Jos. Downs, K. C.
Advertisement. 5S3
FORFEITS BAIL."
John McKay forfeited $25 in police
court yesterday by failing to appear
on a charge of transporting whiskey.
McKay was arrested by Lo Wright
Thursday night on Brewery Gulch.
TAKEN TO HOSPITAL.
Jesse Story of South Bisbee, was
taken to the C. & A. hospital yester
day morning suffering from an attack
of pneumonia.
EAGLES DANCE
Saturday, March 10, begins S:30.
MclAeer's Orchestra. Gentlemen $1.
Advertisement. 544
BACK FROM PROPERTY.
Carol Thomas returned to Hisbee
yesterday after a trip of inspection
ta the property of the Bisbee-Tombstone
Copper Mining Company, be
tween this city and the county seat.
Dr. Edward Colan, Chiropractor
and Osteopath, rheumatism, nervous
ness a specialty. Office, Hughes
block, opposite Y. M. C. A.
Advertisement. 37S
PRISONERS SAFE.
Word has been received from Depu
ty U. S. Marshal Jimmie McDonald
that he and other officers have reach
ed Tacoma, Wash., and lodged Jeff
Smitloek and Joe Davis, train robbers
in the federal prison on McXeal's Is
'ind. McDonald wrote to Tammany
Hall that he expected to return soon.
x car every hour, Bisbee to Doug
's Good cars and careful driver
niericpn Stage Line. Phone 366.
TO RECORDER'S OFFICE.
Charles McQuay, of this city, has
joined County Recorder Krebs' force
and is now helping file records at the
county seat.
Dr. riayfair. Osteopath, 98 Mason
Hill, Mason Hill car stop.
Advertisement.
IN FROM VALLEY.
Fred Spalding and Jim, Kinney, two
lmpular Sulphur Springs valley ranch
ers, were in the city yesterday.
WILL LEAVE TONIGHT.
Miss Louise llass will leave tonight
for Salt Lake City. Miss Hass was
named ss heir to a part of a large es
tate in Salt Lake City left by an un
cl. SPECIAL TODAY AT ENGLISH
KITCHEN
Hoe baked pork and beans, Bos
ton style, hot Boston bread
Advertisement. 5S2
CHILDREN WELL AGAIN.
The children of Mr. and Mrs. Coe
Let fault have recovered from their at
t?ck of chicken pox, the quarantine
having been removed Thursday.
CASTE-ALMA HANLON BEAUTIFUL GIRLS-LAVISH SETTINGS AN
JOHN MASON IN
THIS PLAY SMASHES INTO THE GOLD BOUGHT SECRECY OF WEALTH'S HIDDEN LIFE
AND BARES ITS VENEMOUS CLAWS, VELVET HIDDEN, AS THEY SNATCH INNOCENT VIC
TIMS FOR THEIR MOST PERSONAL PLEASURE.
Eagle TheatreToctay
CHILDREN 15c, ADULTS 25c.
j RETURNS TO BENSON.
I Judge Willinm Shillmnn, pionorr
j resident of Cochise, has returned Irt
j his home in Benson after having vis
' iti'il foi several ilnys with old friend:
ami relatives in this city.
JUST WRIGHT SHOES
Co eplete. line of these famous
shoos, just nrrivid. Mi!'ra Shirt &
Hat Shop. Adv. 309
GO TO R0SEM0NT. i
tleorge Mornn anil ('harlot Jones of
Lowell, have left, for Rosemniil. where
they uill direct de elotii. iil work on
several good claims which they are
cperatinsr on a lease.
DANCE SATURDAY NIGHT
Prize dance at Union Hall. Bisbee, i
S:.':0 o'clock Saturday night under!
auspices of Warren District Social
Club. I-adirs free, gentlemen $1.00.
Advertisement -167 :
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
(Allen Block)
A great hi;; glass fresh buttermilk
I fa only .7 tents. Advertisement. ::03
TRAFFIC VIOLATOR.
W. II. Holland was lined $7.."irt in
city ourt yesterday for violating the
city traffic ordinance by dtivitig his
machine past a street car. In spite
of the fact that several motorists
have been fined during the last week
for endangering the lives of pedestri
ans by driving past street cars that
are taking on and discharging pass
engers in the business district, local
auto drivers appear to almost entire
ly overlook the section of the ordi
nance which makes this act a viola
tion of the traffic laws.
Expert repairing on fine watches
andewelry; diamond setting, engrav
ing and general repairing. M in ton,
the postoffice jeweler, Lowell.
Advertisement 343
Bring your watches and jewelry to
Lowell Jewelry Shop. Official watch
inspectors E. P. & S. W. Railroad.
Advertisement 2S4
ORDERED TO OBEY LAW.
George F. Girardi was fined $a in
city court Thursday afternoon on con
viction of having violated the city
sanitary ordinance by failing to pro
vide a garbage can on his premises.
Girardi attempted to prove to the
court that he did not have to abide by
the garbage can clause of the ordi
nance, but his arguments fell flat and
he was warned by Judge Frank Thom
as that every day which elapsed until
he purchases a rubbish receptacle,
will constitute a separate violation of
the law.
Highest cash price paid for old gold
and silver. Lowell Jewelry Shop. Of
ficial watch inspectors E. P. & S. W.
Railroad. Advertisement 2S
3-7 0O tailor made uncalled for suit,
$20.00. Millard & Bateman, Allen
Block. Advertisement.
REPORTS ROBBERY.
Pete Morro, a miner, reported to the
police last night that he had been
held up and robbed of $100 on O. K.
street. Morro said that he had been
invited to accompany a man, with
the understanding that said man
would lead him to a bottle. Morro
said be started out with the man and
was held up on the trip. He was able
to give a fairly good description of
his alleged assailmt, but Night Ser
geant Kempton, Red Cannon and Lo
Wrieht searched for several hours
without finding any one that answered
to the description.
FATI.MA MAN HERE.
Fred Mayhugh, reputed to be the
best cigarette expert in the southwest
is in Bisbee looking after the Fatirna
trade.
JACK HALLORAN DIES.
Jack Halloran, for nine years a res
ident or the Warren District, died
from pneumonia yesterday morning
at his room in the Curlcy House, Up
per Lowell. He had been confined to
his bed but a few days. Halloran was
a native of Ireland. Before coming
to this district he lived In Leadville.
Colo. He was a member of the local
Knights of Columbus lodge.
ALLEGED DESERTERS CAUGHT.
Two men. believed to be deserters
from the Twenty-Second Infantry at
Douglas, were nabbed on Brewery
Gulch Thursday night by Officer M.
K. Shelton. The men were dressed
in their "civics," and are said to have
denied that they deserted. Shelton
turned them over to the provost mar
shal yesterday.
THE LIBERTINE
FIVE PERFORMANCES
1:15 3:00 4:45 6:30 8:15
r
Whatever Your Needs in
A-U-T-G S-U-P-P-L-I-E-S
"i".'t )
JL2 -
Wherever you drive tomorrow it will be well to take
along an extra GOODYEAR Casing and a few Heavy
Tourist Tubes. We have on hand the largest stock of
Casings and Tubes in the District. Did you ever see
Ten Thousand Dollars' worth of Casings and Tubes in
one stock? Come in today and see this display and
convince yourself that the above is true. A complete
stock of Jail sizes and kinds for all cars clincher and no
rim cut.
Our stoc.k of supplies consists of Pumps, Jacks. Tire Chains, Vul
can izrs. Tow Ropes, Pull U Outs, Extra Auto Seats, Jitney Seats to
hang on doors. Auto Robes, Spot Lights and extra Legalite and Warner
Lenzes, Brass and. Copper Tubing, Tire Irons, all kinds Spark Plugs
and everything uted in and about an Auto.
Oils and Greases, including all kinds of Zeroline Oils in ligJit, med
ium and heavy as well as different kinds of Zeroline Greases. Artie
and Mohiloils in grades K A B in 4. 1 gal. and 5 gal. cans Try us
first on supplies.
NO EVANGELISTIC
SERVICES TONIGHT
1 From the first cottage prayer meet
I ing in the morning, through the after
noon Bible study, and surging through
the big congregation at night, the in
terest and power of the revival ser
vice is increasing.
Mr. Hart preaches intensely, and
all this week has pounded into the
heads and hearts of Christians that
they were losing out because they
were fearful and would not let the
Holy Spirit work in and through them
He said in part last night:
"These words were uttered by the
tender Christ They are the most im
portant and last prayer for his church.
They were uttered at the close of His
association with His deciplcs. The
deciples were converted men, men of
faith and of success in their ministry.
Yet there was in their work a sad
lack, and for this Christ was burdened
that they might be wholly qualified.
"Peter was fickle and at times filled
with fear. Thomas was a doubter and
James and John were called "Sons of
Thunder," so impulsive and hot-headed
were they. All the disciples need
ed the baptism of the Holy Spirit.
"Christ was praying, not only for
the disciples, but for us, as He said,
Not for three only, but for all who
shall believe on Me through ' their
word.".
No services will be held tonight.
HUACHUCA CLUB DANCE.
The newly organized Huachuca
Club held its first dance last night at
the country club. Members and their
friends who attended pronounced the.
affair one of the most pleasant of the
season.
I
BOWLING
Buxton-Smith and Gus Hit-key Co.
bowled a tie last night on Y. M. C. A.
alleys.
The following scores were rolled,
each team scoring S23 points:
BUXTON-SMITH
19 124 14!?
icaretto 1".7 124
Griffith 6S S 92
Murphree U3 SO 112
Rogers 153 142 147
HICKEY &. CO.
Sugich 132 12 116
Johnson . . . "S S8 79
Voelkcr kA. . .' 105 114 101
Drago . 1S 75115
i- Witlii? ' 12 179 145
-yciTll find them here
The largest
and most
complete stock
of Casings in
Bisbee
HOUSE WARMING AT
DON LUIS SCHOOLS
IS GREAT AFFAIR
Addition to Schools of Don
Luis Commensurately Cele
j brated by People of District
on Big Occasion.
I Attended ty the largest crowd in
the history of Don Luis the house
j warming on the occasion of the addi
tion to that suburb's school bouse.
Visitors from every part of the War
ren District were on hand to attend
the function and no one went away
nnentertaiued and without having
had a delightful time.
On behalf of the Don Luis Commer
cial Club, of which he is the presi
dent. Charles Hixson presented the
school with a monster United Slates
flag. It was accepted on the part of
the school, by John Mason Ross, a
member of the board. After the pre
sentation and to the air of the Star
Spangled Banner, the flag was hoisted
in place attended by a salutation by
the school children of Don Luis.
The Calumet Ai Arizona band, led
by W. H. Martin, played during tne
evening and other features of the pro
gram added to the success of the
evening.
SWALLOWS BICHLORIDE
OF MERCURY TABLETS
IN DESPONDENCY FIT
In a fit of despondency. Alma Mc
Coy, an habitue of a dance hall on
Brewery Gulch, swallowed bichloride
of mercury tablets early yesterday
morning in an attempt to end ber lite.
She is confined to her room, suffering
intense physical pain, and little hope
is entertained for her recovery. The
girl swallowed the tablets in ber room
at about 1:30 a. m. and then told an
other girl of her act. Dr. Harry
Reeves responded to a call for medi
cal aid and endeavored to pump the
j poison from the girl's stomach. She
j had swallowed so many of the tablets.
however, that her throat and mouth
were swollen so badly as to make the
removal of the poison almost impossi
ble. Investigation showed that the
girl had swallowed practically a whole
bottle of the tablets.
AMAZING PLOT.
CHILDREN 15c, ADULTS 25c