WEATHER
MARKETS
NEW YORK CITY
Average price of cop
per for week ending
Dec. 27, 30.25.
Arizona: " "
Wednesday partly clou
dy; not much change in
temperature.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 19. NO. 179.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 3, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
M0H0P0LY OF
WIRELESS If!
(I. S. URGED
Bl DANIELS
As Measure of National Safety
Government Control Is Ab
solutely Vital to the Nation,
He Advocates.
TALKS OF DAMAGE IT
COULD DO IN WAR
If Bill He Advocates, Pesses
Congress, All Coastal Ra
dio Will Be Bought by the
United States.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2 An absolute
government monopoly of radio com
munication as a measure of national
safety was advocated by Secretary
Daniels today in a- letter to the com
merce and marine committee of the
Senate and K'Juse, outlini ne navy
department's view t the ending
radio control bill dra... (i . ' 'iter-
departmentul conference.
Discourage Private
"The bill covers tr v of
coastal stations only, only
those used to community gbjpsj
and by permitting the navy depart
ment to open all of its stations i'o
commercial business, wauld discour
age the extension of any Commercial
systems or the organization or new
eyU-ms!' the secretary wrote. "The
department "tronsly reoomijienda th?t
the committee provide tjr the pur
chase of all stations used for commer
cial purposes. The value of existing
stations is constantly increasing and
decisive action at this time will re
sult in a saving of public funds."
Would Buy All.
The letter urges that existing coast
al and commercial stations in the
United States, Alaska, Hawaii, Porto
Rico and the Ewan Islands be pur
chased within tw'j years and that no
license for private offices hereafter
granted be extended beyond that time.
Reason for Monopoly.
Government monopoly, the secretary
continues, would furnish a means to
prevent mutual Interference between
stations and consequent loss of time
during the night fours when radio
communication is at its best; would
eliminate loss of time In sending or
receiving distress signals; would de
crease the difficulties of maintaining
radio neutrality and would make pos
sible a military censorship in advance
of an outbreak of hostilities.
"Commercial radio stations under
other than government control," the
letter points out, "can give out in
formation of incalculable value during
that twilight period which would pre
cede the opening of any war to which
the country might be a party. Author
ity to take over and operate or to
close commercial stations In time of
war will not suffice. The stations
must be in full government operation
before the first hint of possible hostili
ties." The secretary also urges that re
strictions against alien operators on
American ships be made more drastic.
He declares that "nj American ship
should be allowed to leave a port of
the United States except with opera
tors who are United States citizens."
TELL OF TORREON'S FALL
EL PASO. Jan. 2. Eight foreigners
connected with the mines at Magis
tral, in the Villa infested district be
tween Parral and Torreon, arrived
here tonight after a roundabout jour
ney of more than two weeks and cov
ering 1500 miles.' The refugees were
JoLn Cntchett, Wm. Seeman, Wm.
Kirchner and his son Carl, Nick King
and wife and two men named Kapos
kie and Hauser. They said they left
Magistral on news of Villa's approach
and went to Torreon, which they es
caped from the day before Its capture
SPAIN'S HOT NOTE TO
GERMANY REALLY M.!LD
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2. Spain's re
cent note to Germany on the submar
ine question was authoritatively de
scribed today as not having been as
severe as press despatches from Ma
drid have indicated. Confidential in
formation received here tonight, with
a statement issued by the Spanish
embnssy indicates that the published
version confused the note with an of
ficial statement concerning the situa
tion, given to the Spanish newspapers
at the time the note was dispatched.
Business Section
OfValdez, Alaska
Wiped Out By Fire
(By Review Leased Wire)
SEATTLE. Jan. 2. Fire that
' broke out at 2:45 this morning
in the business district of Valdez,
Prince William Sound, Alaska,
roved nearly all the business dis
trict ol the old mining town, which
in the golden days jf 1SSS. had
a population of 1.800 and was an
outfitting point for the placer
mines in the Interior. Cabled ai-
vires received here today from
Valdez told or the fire.
It is reported that the fire broke
out simultaneously in half a dozen
different buildings and that in
cendiarism is alleged. A steamer
has left Cordova l'Jr Valdez with
supplies and the steamship Spo
kane, which sailed from Seattle
tonight, took groceries and other
supplies for the 650 inhabitants
of Valdez, who have the shelter
of their homes, but who, it is fear
ed, may run short of food, towing;
to the destruction of the stores.
i
Sex! ssion of U- S. to
ret- Through Canal
Fea.- L' Boats May Appear
'n theft id'-'.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2. Japan,
through the embassy here, notified
the state department today of her in
tention to arm her merchantmen de
fensively and requested information
been made by this government for
passage of ships so armed through the
Panama Canal.
This was the first official informa-
tion that Japan intended such action
and was interpreted in some quarters
as indicative of fear tf German sub
marine operations . in a wider scale
than so far attempted. Japan has a
large tonnage passing through the
canal, and has suffered seriously from
German underwater activities, parti
cularly in the Mediterraneans.
. While no submarines have appeared
so far in the Pacific it is quite possible
that they will operate there later.
There are no canal regulations im
posing special restrictions upon ves
sels armed purely for defensive pur
poses as the United States folds that
such armament does not deprive a
ship of her character as a peaceful
merchantman. .
STAMPEDE IS ONAI
TO STAKE OUT UNO
(By Review Leased Wire)
PUEBLO, Colo., Jan. 2. AH records
jin number of land filings were broken
today at the local government land of
fice when two hundred and thirty-two
,tracts of land were filed on by pros
pective homesteaders in the Pueblo
district. The filing called for over
75,000 acres and the receipts of the
office for the day were S5.S85.
The rush is attributed to the recent
ly enacted 640 acre homestead law.
The majority of the filings were for
20 acres, a number, however, being
for the full 640 acres.
It is the largest business done by a
government land office in a single day
(on record, according to figures at the
local office.
REGULARS WIN FOLO FROM
QUAKERS IN MEXICO
AMERICAN FIELD HEADQUART
ERS, Mex., Jan. 2. The punitive ex
pedition polo team defeated the Phila
delphia City Troop team today by a
MERCHANT
score of six and three-fourths to one- ville) The German impression of the general impression created by the sufficiently considered the report
half. The expedition's team was com-' entente's reply to the peace proposals entente reply, he said: made by Baron Greindl, Belgian niin-
posed of Major Julian R. Lindsey and of the central powers was reflected to-1 "If I am to express an opinion in a iBter at Berlin, dated December 23,
Lieutenants William W. West, Richard day 'n a statement made to the semi- few words, it is this: 'Instead of tak-' 1911.
Anderson and Vincent P Erw'ln official Overseas News Agency by Dr. ing place around a peace table, tho "This clear sighted statesmen then
' Hammann, who until the turn of the entente deliberations took place on a 'explained forcibly that already at that
year was director of the intelligence judge's chair. Apparently the enteute time the entente was inspired by noth
ARMY WELTERWEIGHT BELT department or the foreign office. This forgot nothing that c'ould possibly in- ing but the one thought of encircling
GIVEN TO WILLIAMS comment was not based on the official fluence neutrals against us.' Germany from the north. As proof of
COLUMBUS, N. M., Jan. 2. Private text of the entente's note, as thus far ( "The point of the accusation, how- this. Baron Greindl quoted the 'jutcry
Rufus Williams of the Twenty-Fourth only the version supplied by the Havas ever,' to which the largest space is started In Paris and London a short
U. S. Infantry (colored), won tho News Agency from Jaris has been re- allotted in the entente note, is the : time before, when the Dutch plan to
welterweisht championship of tho ceived here. ! martyrdom of Belgium. But if one de-: fortify Flushing had become known,
regular army yesterday at El Valle ' Dr Hammann Ba,(1 that considera-' sires to pass Judgment on the 'martyr-j Baron Greindl then said:
m i a h pi ' tion bjr Germa"y n1 ner allies f 'don of Belgium' one must speak be-1 'The reason why they wished that
Mexico, by defeating Private Whitey ppace offpr dated back ag far ag Octo. forehand regarding 'neutral and toyal . the Scheldt remain without defense
Burns of the Sixteenth U. S. Infantry. ber At tnat time the intention was i Belgium' and this Belgium bad ceased j was not concealed. In this they ad
They fought twenty rounds. entertained of making an h'onest and to exist long before the war. In thlsl (Continued on Pat 2)
Hunt Thwarts New Attempt to
Oust Him; Court Will Decide
OnDeFacto Governor Thursday
RASPUTIN. RUSSIA'S
MYSTIC, IS MURDERED, -t
LONDON, Jan. 3. The morn-
ins newspapers . in their I'etro-
crad diHuatches today feature
stories of the reported death or
Gregory Rasputin, the Russian
monk who, it has been reported, i
exercised great influence over !
Kmperor Nicholas. The reports
of the death of Rasnutin. evident-
ly are making a stir in Russia,
not only on account of his person-
ality, but owing to allegations
that two persons jf exalted rank
and a well known former member
of the Duma, were concerned in
his reported death.
The general assumDtion In the
j stories is that Rasputin was mur-
dered and some of the accounts
say unqualifiedly that he was.
BOOZE TABOOED
PUBLIC HI
BISBEE CITY
r'm. r it r . r .
City Fathers Pass Most Drastic
Urdmance Against the ros-
r r
session of Liquor, of Any
Kind in f ubhc Place,
! POSSESSION IS MADE-
MISDEMEANOR BY ACT
Referendum Waived in Stat
ute Hotels, Restaurants.
Rooming Houses and Other i
Places Under the Ban.
On and after January 11 Bisbee
will be a real dry spot in a real dry
state for on that date the ordinance
passed by the city council last Even
ing goes into effect. It is one of the
most drastic pieces of legislation ever
passed by any city and is aimed at
the bootlegging which has been going
on and also at the frequent disturb
ances of the peace in the city. The
referendum . is waived and after due
publication the statute goes into ef
fect. Some months ago Bisbee's city coun
cil made an attempt to pass an ordi
nance which would eliminate boot
legging. Under the constiTutional
amendment, as it was construed at
that time, the proposal of the council j
was rejected by City Attorney L. B.
Whitney on the ground that it could
not be enforced. In this decision tho
city attorney's opinion was corrobor
ated by many of the lawyers in the
city. TOT
Under the provisions of the ordi
nance, passed last night, it will be un
lawful and will be punishable by a
fine of $25 or up to $300, or imprison-r-ent
of from ten days to three
months, to even carry a bottle. It
will be unlawful for a man to keep
liquor in his hotel room or In any
place of public resort.
Though the ordinance appears to
go far and by many may seem to in
vade the very sacred precincts . of
their homes and businesses it
(Continued on Page Eight)
Germany Views Allies9 Reply As Flat Turn Down and
Shows Up "Martyrdom of Belgium"
(By Review Lease! WIrei
BERLIN, Jan. 2. (Wireless to Say-
In Meantime Campbell Sets
Up "Execute" Offices In
Shadow of the Capitol and j
Actually Governs.
: GOVERNOR'S MAIL IS
j SENT TO CAMPBELL
Both the state and County
Officers Also Recognize
Only Campbell's Authority.
Hunt Meets Campbell.
(Special to The Review.)
PHOENIX. Jan, 2. Gover
nor Campbell's second and for
mal demand upon G, W. P.
Hunt for possesiion of the of
fice of the governor was made
j today and refused.
Hunt's answer was given in
person. He handed to the new
governor a typewritten docu-
i ment. dated lanuarv 2 in the
an anticipated demand , and
signed by himself as "Gover
nor of Arizona".
Compromise Declined
F. S. Ives, chief counsel for Hunt
in superior court, offered another
stipulation, agreeing to go to trial
with the contest, on the basis of the
ballots thus far Inspected. Like all
out OIle oiner c ives stipulations,
thU one w declmed b. Judge SIoan
chief of Can.pbel.'s attorneys.
'
Court t. D ride Thursday
"loincutehi Vi?i. ihe- biking over of
offices by new incUTbents and the re
placing of old appointees to the vari
ous commissions by new ones, T. E.
Campbell set about his second effort
to obtain the tools of his office. Up
on the refusal of Hunt to abdicate,
Campbell's attorneys served again,
the notice of proceedings before the
sUle supreme court, to be heard at
10 'c,oclt Thur8day m0Tnlng-
Campbell Governs
Meanwhile, the Campbell exec
utive offices have been estab
lished at the governor's home, 14
North 18th Avenue, not in -the
Capitol grounds, but sufficiently
near to be handy.
Officialdom Ignores Hunt
Several state officials have announc
ed their intention of remaining neu
tral in the Campbell-Hunt controver
sy. Auditor Boyce and Treasurer
Johnson will transact no official busi
ness requiring the signature of the
executive until after'the result of the
mandamus proceedings is announced.
Still in Deadlock
This, in brief, is the situation at
the close of the first business day of
the year 1917. The opening of the!
new year in the administration of the
executive office finds things again
rleadocked, as they have been twice
before in the contest proceedings.
The state awaits the action of the su
preme court, 'and in the meantime,
probably nothing will develop, unless
Ives presents another stipulation.'
Hunt Meets Campbell .
The meeting between Hunt and
Campbell In the executive offices dur
ing the morning, was significant of
little except the difference in the met
al of the two men. Campbell and his
attorney. Judge Sloan, entered the
office and were met by Hunt and his
secretary. L. A. Ladd. The ex-governor
was palpably nervous, and in-
was Htead of taking much part in the con
I (Concluded oil Page Seven)
sincere attempt to prevent further use-
less bloodshed. Being asked as to the
VILLISTAS DEFEATED;
EVACUATE TORREON.
MEXICO CITY. Jan. 2 The
war department announced to-
ninht thiit Torrt'on had been re-
captured by General Fortunato
Maycotte, after a bitter fight, the
followers sf Villa being defeated
in a four hour battle.
The Villa forces retreated to-
ward Gomez Palacio and Lerdo.
i where lliey made another stand
this afternoon but were beaten
back after a three hours engage-
ment. They are now being cfSse-
ly pursued . by the government
trooDs.
I It Is reported that a large
I amount of arms and ammunition
i was captured by Maycotte.
Republicans Would Refer To
Committee, Holding It Too
Vital to World Welfare for
Hasty Action.
open debXte MAY
PROVE DISASTROUS
Open Antagonism Would Im
pair Weight of Note Abroad
President Wilson Praised
By Peace Bodies.
(By Review Loased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2. The en
tente reply rejecting the peace pro
posal of the central powers was ca-
bled by the state department today
for presentation to Germany and the
other belligerent governments whose
diplomatic interests the United States
represents at allied capitals. To save
time the cabled English translation
was dispatched from here and Ambas
sador Sharp was instructed to for
ward the French text direct from Par
is. Wilson Silent
It was stated authoritatively today
that President Wilson had not decid
ed what, if any, further move on the
subject of peace he might make, but
was keeping an open mind on the sub-
i ject while waiting for the entente's
answer to his pote proposing a dis
cussion of terms by the belligerents.
No official comment was forthcoming
on press reports from Paris, indicat
ing that the reply to the President in
effect would be the same as that giv
en the central powers.
Congress May Buck
Discussion of the advisability of
legislative action approving the
course of the President In sending his
note occupied the Senate for more
than an hour and will be resumed to
morrow. Action was delayed by unan
imous consent because republican
senators insisted that the question
was too Important to be disposed of
hastily and should be considered by
(Continued on Page Four)
As Only False Idol
connection I wish to single out one
point which, up to now has not been
jENDORSEMENTOF
pfjuf limns
I LIIUL. IJUIL IU
uri n iin n
helu ur bi
CONGRESS
El Paso Hears of
Battle 35 Miles
! South of Juarez
By Review Leased Wire)
EL PASO, Jan. 2. Reports were re
ceived here tonight of fighting between
outposts of Villa forces and a detach
ment from the Juarez garrison at Los
Medunos. 25 miles s.uth of Juarez on
the Mexican Central Railway. The
skirmish Is aid to have been for pos
session of a coal train. Carranza of
ficials here and in Juarez deny reports
of fighting.
EL PASO, Jan. 2. Efforts to con
firm reports of fighting near Los Med
anos tonight were unsuccessful. ;
VILLISTAS FALL
BY HUNDREDS
III BATTLE
Two Bloody Clashes Last for
Day in Western Chihua
hua 3500 Bandits Routed;
in Another Skirmish. I
(By Review Leased Wire) '
CHIHUAHUA CITY. Jan. 2. In a 1
battle that lasted three days, govern-1
ment forces have won a decisive vie-1
tory over a rebel command near Guer-;
rero. with the loss to Villa of 25 men '
dead, 140 prisoners and an Immense
amount of loot, while another Import-.
ant success was registered at the '
same time at Bustamente south ot i
Santa Rosalia, where the rebels left .
behind them over sixty dead and a i
ouantlty of supplies In their retreat.
Details of these two engagements, the
first to the west of Chihuahua City
and the second to the south, were re- j n ranure or tee commission to
celved here tonight, according to the , Piv to Mexican-American relations
mUUaxy authorities heje, , ! a brighter aspect was offset some-
Fight For 3 Days what odk-iat InUwaiionit that Hou-
Oeneral Edwardo Hernandez report- j T P. Fletcher, confirmed as ambassa
Ing from the town of Guerrero, said j dor to Mexico, almost a year ago. was
he came into contact last Friday with j a&out to start for his post where Ara
the band led by Omelas and Julio j erican Interests are now represented
Acosta.' The fighting lasted that and ! y a clerk,
the next two days. , j May Com Out Yet
Much Loot Taken Tne report that General Pershing's
Besides tbe casualties inflicted on J expedition soon would be withdrawn
the band. General Hernandez said he regardless of Carranza's attitude also
took 400 rifles, eight field guns', sev- nined fresh impetus and it was said
eral machine guns. 6.0t0 artillery . the administration had this measure
shells. 15.000 rounds of rifle cartridges
3,000 hand grenades, a number of am-1 i-ecretary Baker said no plans for
munition wagons and horses, one car-: immediate withdrawal of the troops
load of flour, three carloads or pro- j had been considered,
visions, one carload of ready-mad' rmY Want Withdrawal
clothing and many cars filled with ! " known, however, that army of
mixed goods. i ncr ar pressing strongly for their
Hold Rebel' Family j recall, contending that in their pres-
General Alanis. according to this ' "nt position they cinnot do effective
report, captured additional cars or: work toward protecting the border;
war materials, which are not listed. I that tDy 8re ,n a bad "trategic posl-
and General Rodriguez, proceeding to
Mlnaca. fouDd another cache, Includ-;
Ing cannon and commissary supplies,
He made prisoners of the family of
the rebel leader Ornelas.
Government forces, whose losses
re reported small, are said to be
still pursuing Acosta and Ornelas;
who have fled into the Sierras with
about a hundred men.
It Is officially stated that the gov
ernment troops were materially as-1
slated by the people on the neighbor
ing ranches who sent an armed force
of 500 men to their assistance.
3500 Bandits Flee
The vovernment forces under Gen-
.i uoiir-. two, .,
olumn of 3500 men last Sunday and j
fought through Monday when Villa's ,
followers drew off toward JVninez. I
Wing over sixty dead. Besides arms
and ammunition, some eighty horses J
were captured. I
General Francisco Murgula left :
Chihuahua City Sunday to take per-!
sonal command of the expedition!
unlnut Villa. Ilia force is romnosed
of 3.000 cavalry and an equal force of !
Infantry well supplied.
CARRANZA ARMY STILL
DOMINATFS CHIHUAHUA !
FL PASO. Jan. 2 Rrfugees arrlv-1
Ing here today from Santa Rosalia,
Iji Boqtiilla. Jlminez and Parral. said I
Carranza troops held tbe railroad line !
nd surrounding country between Chi- i
huahua City and Santa Rosalia with
well established base at Santa Ro-,
salia. This contradicts previous
norts given out by Villa partisans !
here, saying that Villa was between
Santa Rosalia and Chihuahua City )
with his aln column and had driven I signed this twenty-fourth day of Not
the defaeto outposts toward the state j ember, one thousand nine hundred
capital. and sixteen, by Franklin K. Lane,
These refugees left Chihuahua City j
Sunday after arriving there by coarh
from Santa Rosalia. They reported'
seeing two trains of defnrto troops
leaving the railroad station for the
south and said two other trams, one
(Continued on Page Six)
PARLEY WITH
MEXICO UPON
WITHDRAWAL
IS FAILURE
American Commission Admit
Carranza Refused to Sign
Protocal and Prepare to End
Parleys.
! AMBASSADOR MAY BE
SENT TO CARRANZA
In the Meantime U. S. Army
Chiefs Urge Withdrawal as
Military Move, and Wilson
May Order It
WAsmNOTON.Tn.-vbtn the
Amei iean members of the. Mexican-
American joint commission bad fin-
ished consideration today of General
Carranzas reply failing to comply
with their renand that the proctocol
providing for withdrawal of American
troops from Mexico, be ratified, there
'e indications that efforts to enter
'nto an agreement with the de facto
government through the commission
would be abandoned. For the first
time an official admission was made
that Carranza had refused to sign the
proctocoL The commissioners said
they expected to draft their response
to Carranza tomorrow.
Fletcher Goes to Pott
j under very serious consideration.
! tion and should be brought out and
aistnouteu along tne Doraer. witn
j P!ana Perfected for sending them
"cross the line at some more deslra-
ble point if the occasion should arise
in the future.
Arredondo, Goodbye!
Eliseo Arredondo, Mexican ambassador-designate,
announced during
the day that he had been summoned
to Mexico City to confer with General
Carranza regarding tbe relations of
the two nations. This was construed
in o-i;e quarters as indicating a de
termination by Carranza to withdraw
his diplomatic representative. Mr.
Arredondo Btated. however, that he
expected to return within
few
weeh9 to rMume h18 I"11 ad tI,a
,RCl l"Bl lne -nueu BU" WM
tenipiaiing senuing us amDassaaor to
if Mr- Arredondo was not continued In
nU PBi,ion n're onother envoy would
'
ucnt"n " r1
Ramon R f,ro'" nBul
v """'
,n San Francisco, will act as charge
ul tnyvr.ru,.
exx or rrociocoi
The text of the proctocol signed at
Atlantic City, was made public by the
American commissioners today for
the first time.
Following Is the text:
"Proctocol of agreement ad referen-
dum, withdrawal of American troops
from Mexican territory and protec-
tion of the American-Mexican interna-
re-;tional boundary.
Signed at Atlantic City, X. J., Nov-
eTiber 24. 1916.
"Memorandum of an agreement
George Gray, and John R. Mott, spe-
cial commissioners of the President
of the United States of America, and
Luis Cabrera. Ygnaclo Bonlllas, and
Alberto J. Panl, special commission
ers of the Citizen First Chief of th
(Continued on Pact Three) ii
-
.
fWO
THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 3, 1917.
ii THE PURE MILE DEPOT MAS "CLASS A"- MILK
j 1 - , w
I
GERMAN SHOWS UP
BELGIAN MARTYRDOM
ito my mind, it seems to be altogether Tish neutrality were guaranteed, would ! readiness to communicate her peace 'men who gave to the entente note its takes the attitude of the judge of the
i wrong to ic'jk for the real causes of 'enter into an obligation not to aspire I conditions In conference with her ad- particular tone afraid that' these ton- world.
; the war in the events during the last , to territorial
extension at France's
weeks of July. 1914. Then, perhaps, cost, also, if Germany were victorious
the last impulse for war was given, I in the war. At that time also Grey
but the real cause must be found a declared this proposal as most shanie-
J From Page One)
irpose to ne able
to i
(Contiuu
mitted their
transport an
werp without hindrance, thus creating
in Belgium a basts for operations in
ine airecuon 01 me lower nmoe nu
Westphalia.
"Baron Greindl reported that
considerable time before.
"Since the Anglo-French treaty of
,nglish garrison to Ant-1 1904 a complete literature had sprung
. J. Tvarw. in i-Vii..1 itTi.in! - ami
; up in r 1 qu.v, ,u ......
! loudly the conquest of Alsac-Lorraine
was discussed and everything said In
! it suggested to the French the idea
(of Germany's inferiority. The entente's
plan was then changed in such manner, "'lo j""
that the English auxiliary army was ! conference Germany treated the pro
not to be landed rn the Belgian coast position to disarm with distrust. But
but in the adjoining French ports. This j Germany knew then pertinently that
same plan of ait English landing in ' the proposition was mainly directed;
order to threaten Germany as hinted ! amst her existence. j
t qc imminent h iirrt ?;hnr! Hur-! Cra.iy France.
I
ing the last Morroean crisis. In such;
circumstances, it most certainly would
have been an easy thing for Belgium !
after the German question in 1914 1
i f .il and the Viffer of mean (base) traffic
at France's expense."
"And the reproaches that the Ger
man peace offer contained nothing j
tangible, was suggested.
Allies Sop Neutrals.
"The tangible point," said Dr. Ham
mann, "was that Germany declared her
November exports from New York
were $232,283,857, an increase of more
versaries. The entente has declined Iditions of tho central powers are much j "But all that the entente obtains by than 23 porcent over $1S4,d13,592 in
this proposal. To me it seems evident too sensible and moderate for them be- this preceding it that its guilt for the November, 1915.
that the entente, when doing this, felt! fore their nations, who long for peace, continuation of the war unmistakably
seriously concerned and greatly de-' to undertake the responsibility of de- in the eyes of the whole world is not
pressed on account af tho impression ' clining these individual conditions? At demolished, but increased." Stomach Troubles.
this refusal of the German peace of-1 all events our adversaries w'ould j "What will the central powers re- j If you have trouble with your stom-
nlv to this note?" ach you should try inamDenaic s
fer must make on the neutral world. have acted more frankly if they had
"This is clearly indicated by the j Hatly and plainly said 'no, we will not
tone of the entente note. It is ex- wait because we still hope that we
actly as if the entente were in a cer- need not negotiate, but can dictate the
tain sense afraid to listen to the con- terms of peace.' In order to avoid this
ditions of the central powers. Are the , awkward avowal the entente now
i
Dr. Hammann answered: Tablets. So many have been restored
"I am no more in office. I do not , to health by the use of these tablet
know the official peace plan." land their cost is so lit'lu, 25 cents, that
I it is worth while to give them a trial.
OUR WANT ADS BRING RESULTS
(Advertisement)
(whether Belgium would permit the
passage of German troops) & take her
armies back to Antwerp and then let
the Germans, under protest, march
through the country.
"How little such action would have
violated the spirit of existing condi
tions will be clear if one recalls the
secret clauses of the treaties of 1S31.
In them certain agreements from for- j
nier times, were maintained w hich re-
serve as well fj England as to Ge:
niar.y, the right to occupy a Belgian
fortress. In 1887, a great English
newspaper if I am. not mistaken, it j
was the Standard still declared tnat !
employment on the part of Germany !
"Russia after the economical reor
ganization that followed the war with
Japan had worked with increasing
zeal for the prt pared.ness of her army.
! When Germany employed the surplus
j of her 'juth for military service,
i France, in order to surpass us, intro
duced a three year service, thus sap
ping lur capital of vital national
forces. Six months before the begin
ning of the war the French military
specialists published open discussions
regarding the loans of billions and
! billions of French money streaming
into Russia and the condition under
which France hud leaned this money.
France had asked in return for her
loans the construction of strategical
railways in Russia.
Allies War Scheme.
"In this literature it was explained
with all the circumstances that hot
,. f . . , ..... . i arsaw but GrodiiM and Kovno would
could not be taken as inviolation of , , J . ,
Belgian neutrality."
A thio nnlnt intAn-iAwiLf a.,t,l
. I . . ... , ,, , .
t Jiua most quicviy De rouea up ana
thus the road to Berlin could be
ne the base for Russian deployment
i because from there the Prussian army
i opened.
"in August, 1911, the attempt was
made at least to make things go this
i way, and today they want to persuade
i the nations of the worid that Cermany
herself, not for protection
1 against an aggressive coalition but in.
order to annihilate France.
"In addition to this the question
the principle of nationality plays a
large part in the answer of the en
tente. What importance must be at
tributed to this principie in tho pres
ent situation?"
In his reply Director Hanimann cm-
T-li a? to1 nvprv n 1
"No nation," he said, "is better able ' prf parf d
to understand this principle than Ger
many, for no ereat civilized nation has !
suffered so much, has been forced ;'j Can,t Blame Germany. j
struggle so greatly, because of being "The samc P-"ple who promised to
suppressed and dismembered bv neigh- Russia the conquest and possession of ,
boring races. Equally no siugie great I Constantinople.' dare 10 assert that
nation has less to fear from the ap. i Germany has aggressive intentions. Of j
plication of this principle of tational-1 ' ourse the conquest of Constantinople, ,
ity than the German. Germanv would j wi,it h was announced by Trepoff (the '
absolutely consent, if this principle of ""sia premier) in the Duma is rassed I
nationalities were carried out in Eevpt, in silence in the entente note, just as ;
Ind'ia. M-jrroco." Ireland, bv the coi:B --! 'JlH-v- in a discussion of diplomatic i
f3i Vy2P n A n TIT A ETVTi.r I W
fWyr. V.si-tir tvbl iS V.
mm mm
i it y
1
In the 'Annex' Store Begins This Morning-Affording Rare and Unusual Savings
THESE ANNUAL JANUARY CLEAN-UP SALES as conducted by the Fair's "ANNEX" store have grown from small proportions, until they
haye become very broad ia their nature and inliuence and are known far and wide fcr their unusualness and for the fact that they held interest for
nearly every one. p
IF YOU HAVE IN YOUR HEART the desire for qusUty merchandise at ve-y low, economy prices then come to the "ANNEX" store this
morning and share the offerings in this JANUARY CLEAN-UP SALE. This announcement will be sufheient for the many who have learned of the
vonderful savings that result through patronizing these sales. This advertisement is particularly directed to those who do not know, through past ex
perience, what reduced prices mean at the "ANNEX" store. REI'.IEMEER, the sale begins this morning.
Children's Outing Gowns
Here's a chance to supply tho c'liMren with pien-y of
warm, comfortable night dresses and ma;ie a tubsia.itial
saving. Thc-y are made of good qua'.ity Outing Flannel,
in sizes for children from 4 to 12 y.ars, at a reduction
Ct ONE-FOl'KTH off regular prices. 5llc Gowns for :.'8c.
65c Gowns for 49c and 75c Gowns fcr 57c.
THE STORE THAT SERVES YOU EES I .
J
Vomc Flannelette Kimonos
Women nut have too many Dressing Sacques. par
ticularly at this period of the season, and when they are
the good warm kind such as these, with prievs reduced
OXK-THIR1) it is an incentive to early buying; they are
made of good quality Flannelette, in light and dark
colors; sizes 32 to 40. Regular Zlc values for 4c and
50c Kinds for S ic.
! events in July, 1914, elegantly
try in power, not to speak of Russia's 1 l v' "l-s !" 'u,-,
nationalities t. ' : ver the decisive event that brusque
-Germany' has been Lrutallv treated j intervention in all attempts at media-:
for centuries by her neighbors, de- t!on b-v the Russ'an mobilization, which j
fcpite thi3 principle of nationalities.
"Yet in 1S66. exactly fifty years ao.
that is. in the Ximolsbur: Peace fclos-1 ,Jur;'.
ing the war between Prussia and
Austria) a clause was inserted upon
v,as even repeatedly dissuaded bv the
j English anibassailor at St. Peters-
the demand of Napoleon III which left
open for the southern Germau states
the conclusion of a separate confedera
tion. The leading, but tinawed idea,
was then to Snd a new Rhinebund."
Small Nations Pea.
As to t'ie free existence of small
nations, L - Hanimann said:
"This ide. too, has found a very
strange illus tion during the war.
Only a few .'fks have lapsed since
a leading English minister termed the
misfortune of the Rumanians plainly
a 'gross blunder". I5y this 'blunder, a
whole nation has been pushed into
misery. Rumania lias been dragged
into a great war by all sorts of differ
ent iiiai:hirat?jns.
How About Greece?
"And then, look at Greece. Them,
tin entente has occupied the polls,
railroads, cable and postal stations and
whole districts of the country, all
against the law of nations. There, the
entente has simply taken what it need
ed and blockade and hunger has forced
the Greeks to surrender those things
which the entente was unable to take."
Germany Asked Conference.
"What about the reproach that Ger
many in the decisive week of July
(1914) declined the British proposal of
a conference and thus made war un
ovoidable?" To this lr. llammuiiu replied:
"The propysal for a conference- was
made July L'ti by Gcnii.tny. The mean
ir;t of it way that the df h'iintcs of
Franco, lt;:ly aed Great. I'.rii:iii' vlmuld
n cet l'h Ovri.iany in ronfcrvii' e ; u I
try to find a way o it vf a difficult it'ia
ton. The lint condition making th"
hclding of ,vi h a roufererv e po- sii'le
depelidej upon the Kussian (aliinet's
di'clarin consent, but it answere.l
July 27. in au evasive manner, and ac
cording to conversations with the
Anstro-Hungarian ambassador in Pe
trjgrad, after having begun under the
niost fa'jrable auspices. The follow
ing day, Germany agreed to the British
proposal that a direct understanding
between Vienna and I'etrograd would
result in quicker and better action.
Thus Germany, on July 2S. telegraphed
to G".-.ifii (TTitii li amtia: J.i'ior at
UiTiiti).
" "L?nt u:i l"tig :ih tlicv i:: ;i T";.p' rt
of a direct cxchHirre vievs !ete u
"Do ou think that under these
circumstances the moral indignation
in the tone of the entente note is
sincere?" was asked.
"Most certainly I do," replied Direc
tor liammann. "I am of the same
opinion as Bernard Shaw and consider
the sincerity 'of this moral indignation
as a new instance of the providential
harmony between the interests and
moral and political ideas of England.
About Indignity.
"V.'e know this moral indignation
from history. When the Prussians
and Au3trians marched into Schleswig
liolstein. in order- to assist their coun
trymen and light on the side of the
chlcswig-IiViislein irredentists for the
independence of ihu German race, then
lord rl:iiTstoii mid Ini Shatsbury i
in the lower a'id upper houses mani- J
f'-sted Uie same moral indignation.
They also immediately found the same
sincere wonis as 'outrage', 'violence',
most cowardlly", and 'frightful atroci
ties'. "Sincere was Sir Edward Grey's in
dignation when, on July 29, 1914, he
received from the German chancellor
the suggestion that Germany, if Eng-
Women's Fine Quality Serge Suits
At An Actual Saving of Exactly
OFF Regular Price
nk. a
choice m yuu
I 1
J 1
few A-J'
IT ISN'T VERY tften that you arc tempted
with reSuceu pricei on Women's garments at the
"AXXKX" store and vhen we sa Suks at s
THUU) less than regular price, we moan exactly
tljat and nothing less
The nfiVr enihraces some of the very smartest
styles brought out this season in Suits to sell lor
ili45 made of excellent quality wool Serge.
in navy brown and green colors; styles and sizes adapted to both misses nnd women.
They have been considered excepfional value all season at the regular pn.e 1..4o
fm -m fei a w v -
1; n f
Clean l'p Price only $8.30.
Women's Separate Wool Skirts
Reduced 1-3 Less Than Regular. Paces
Dresses
Here are Women's Dresses so at
tractively priced that the economy
wise woman will scarcely be able to :
resitt tue lempUtiioa to . buy. Tlie.
mn"ori;-!s i'l-hidef good Quality Ser?je
in navy, green ajid brown, and shep-
- hwft -Hf-k3;- IK sses that are .smart
in i:e:::i, well mad..- and prettily
trimmed
$4.ti DRESSF.S FOR $3 60
$5.45 DRESSES FOR..' $4.30
$6.55 PRESSES FOR $4.64
$7.45 DRESSES FOR 5.07
S7f Dresses
Silk Poplin and Taffeta Dresses at
price reductions of a radical nature
that mean big savings to you; they are
in plain, pleated or tunic styles, with
full flaring skirts; colors navy, Copen
hagen, green and grav.
$7.45 DRESSES FOR." $5.07
$7.95 DRESSES FOR $5.30
$9.95 DRESSES FOR $6.64
ar
I t!gfcie.7 H .ti'XA L&i! -n.v'Vh V. large pockets: materials tnc
I !LUi?:ft W(f:;H-:' in navy, black and brov.n
I ' IJS?! i TZiX weaves and mixtures, fa"
! ' li"lKSlVtett stripes and checks.
'Mi iMfell Regular $1.95 Skirts:
1 KifWffei Regular $2.45 Skirt,.
A t A
ii 1 1 r-m r .
"71 'Y-.ZLLZi' St.lT.i
WOMKX'3 Separate Skit's that rep
resent good value at tl'-ir regular
prices all go at a redact ii n of ;X!v
TI'.IRT); they are in the l; 'est pleated
and Hare styles, seme hav yokes i.nd
hide Serge
novelty
.cy plaia.
Children's Winter Coats V3 OFF
New Models, Good Fabrics, Sizes 8 to 14 Years
' rliK MOTH bit wno !-as postponed t.'ie purchase ot a coat for her little -;irl
until ni'w.ieid wait no longer, she can choose from our splendid stock and
make a very sulsiantial Navini:. to be accurate, rigulai prices have been rt
duceri exi-' tly ON E THI1 1).
Here you will find ti e new Hare and helled styies ;onp with yokes ami
patch-pockets, made of t-jlvet. corduroy, cheviots zihelines, plaids, checks and
novelty ccatings; all sizes for girls from S to 14 years
GIRLS! GIRLS! TRY IT!
STOP DANDRUFF AND
BEAUTIFY YOUR HAIR
Hair stops falling out and gets
thick, wavy, strong and
beautiful.
Your hair becomes light, wavy, fluffy,
abundant and appears as soft, lu.stt'jus
and beautiful as a young girl's aft"r a
"Danderine hair cleanse." Just try this
moisten a cloth v illi a little Dan
derine and carefully draw it through
your hair, taking one small strand at
a time. This will cleanse the hair of
dust, dirt and excessive oil and In just
a few moments yea have doubled the
teauty of your hair.
Betides beautifying the hair at oiue,
Danderine dissolves every p.irtic'e Vf
danilruf; cleanses, purities and invig
orates the sca'p, forever stopping itch
ing and falling hair.
Put what will p!e;i:e j on ni"r-l will
be al'cr a lew week's mi when you
Austria and Russia, I fliouM supcml l will actually i:-w hair tin and
cverv other suggestion, as I entirely , downy .it first yet l.ut really new
apree that it Is the iiuit honorable , hair growin.r; all over your scalp. If
method of ail.' j -VJU rare 'or Pret,"' B)tt na'r lts
War Long Ccrr.ing. ; of it surely get a 25-cent l.Vtttle of
"! can oulv advise evervone to read i Kno-vlton's Danderine from any drug-
the English blue book if he wants to I gist or toilet counter, and Just try it. j
be informed sbout these matters. But (Advertisement)
Regular $2.95 Skirts
Regular $3.45 Skirts.
Regular $4.45 Skirts.
Regular $4.95 Skirts.
Regular $5.95 Skirts.
.$1.30
.$1.64
.$1.97
.$130
.$2.97
.$3.30
.$3.97
Women's Velvet
and Plush Coats
Reduced
One-Third
Y r"S, if wc can arous-e your in(ero:t
!.u:t! ieiii. to cause you to come and wc
the Goats, no further urging will bo
neie.'sary, the Coats will sell them
selves. Some are made of heavy quality
black Plush, wiih large collar and
cuffs of the same material; others
have cape collars, and turn-nack cu,'is
of astrachan, a wide band of astracha i
finishes tho bottom.
Then there are coats of i.plemiil
liiailty Velvet, in I'dack. Drown ai'd
Green; Hare and belled styles, vi'h
large collars and tuili tritnnied wltu
la- hioiial'le fur: sizes f.r women from
:H to in tin Hale at a reduction i
ONLTHIKD.
$4.65 COATS FOR...$3.!0
$4.95 COATS FOR. . .$3.30
$5.45 COATS FOR. . .$3.64
$5.95 COATS FOR. . .$3.97
$5.45 COATS FOR. . .$4.30
Sale of Children s f
Bath Robes
$5.95 COATS FOR. . .$4.64
$7.45 COATS FOR... $5.07
$7.95 COATS FOR. . $5.30
$3.65 COATS FOR. . .$5.77
$10.45 COATS FOR. .$6.37
T
r' iA
f' .'i"
: 'v' "
Nov. for a quick clearaway of Chil
dren's Math Hobes. made of gcol qual
ity an I good wcig.'it eiderdown, in
light a id dark colors, pretty pattern..;
s izes f ir children from I to 1 t year;;.
Uegul- r prices reduced ONK TlllKl'.
9c V'- 'h Hobes 4'ic. T'Jc Valuco f ir
0:ic. ! c Kinds for tile.
Sanitary QC
BIG REMNANT SALE
The "AXXKX" has had a bi;; hii.-iiiess this season in piece goods, and
llr-re haa naturally been finite an accumulation of remnants and shoit
let Kths. thcs.c enmdst of Wool Dress Goods. Glneliaius. Percales. Outing;.
C; licocs. Domcsiic., Table Damas k. l-ces and Kibbons: to close Uiej? out
uttered at III per cent less than regular prices.
liMckly they will be
J
Napkins
mi
li
Reg. $1 1.95 Coats fur. .$7.9
Reg. $14.75 Coats fcr..$9.4
Rec. $14.95 Coals for. .$9.9
eg. $16.50 Coats for.$l 1.00
WO lUX'S Sanitary .Napkins in
sealed packages of one dozen eactl. th
kinds '.hat regularly sell for SUV. spe
cially ;riced for this sale at 33c a
dozen.
Mens 35c OZ
iffVTAiSLffif . Wo positively refuse to
W-.- linery belonging to this se
A v3 " v' applies to I'ntrimined Shu pes
ff"- '.V Trfmmed Hat.-.. Sailors, ami T
7 v "mLt '.-." r ' There's a ;-pieudid assortment
if r5n V (U-Jt 1 j to choose, late style models in
X ; T ; birahle colors, at HALF PKICt
MILLINERY
Reduced to Half-Price
invoice any Mil-
ason and this
, as we'l as
ilored Styles,
from which
black aud de-
S2.43 HATS REDUCED TO.... $1-23
S?.9b HATS REDUCED TO $1.48
$3.95 HATS REDUCED TO. . . .$1.98
$'.4S HATS REDUCED TO.... $2.23
Wool Sox
h yJT' $l.4i HATS REDUCED TO.... $2.
Dolls
Mi;.'"S hcay gray wool Socks ;t
;.": a i tir, a lot of you men know ti c
pocks .vo ine.in for you have loin;ht
them I :tc before this staseii at r.r.c u
I air, I t we intend to make them a
feature of the January Cleiin-l'p Sale
r.t 2"c pair.
Regular 79c Dolls for..
Regular 89c Dolls for. .'
Regular $1.25 Dolls for
R
.G0c
.67c
.94c
cg uar $i.u uoiis tor.i.u
Reg. Prices
Regular $2.00 Dolls for. $1.50
J
4.
1
A ; r THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 3, 1917.
THREE
I NOW WATCH THE PURE MILK DEPOT CROW
BASEBALL CHIEFS
MAY BAN DRAFTS
FROM GLASS AA
CINCINNATI. Jan. 2. Alter hear
ing the request of the representatives
of the Class AA leagues relative to the
elimination of the draft from their
leagues, the National Baseball Com
mission announced here tonight that
it would give careful consideration to
the request and then adjourned.
The commission also heard a plea
from the smaller leagues that at least
Its moral influence be exerted to help
the minor leagues oat of what was pic
tured to be a most deplorable' condi
tion. '
The minor leagues urged the com
mission to recommend that a re-classl-ficatino
and reorganization of all
minor leagues be made with the Idea
in view o feliminating excess railroad
mileage, re-arrangement of the maxi
mum salary limit and other ideas that
they claimed would go far toward put
ting a large majority of the minor
league clubs on a paying basis.
The commission promised to do
everything in its power to help alon?
these lines.
Perfection Oil Heater
For Sale by
a. n
H. E. Wootea,
Phelps Dodge Merc. Co.,
Standard Furniture Co.,
; Bisbee Furniture Co.,
. G. O. Branson. Ixiwell.,
Johnson Addition Furn. Co., Lowell.
Uncle Jim's
Home Industry Furniture Co., Lowell.
Bisbee Feed and
Fuel
! '
OFFICE PHONE 121.
We wish to advise that all coal in transit for
the Company has been confiscated by the Santa
Fe System and that we will have no Coal for
delivery to the Public for an indefinite period
of time.
We are in a position to furnish Oak and Ju
niper wood at usual prices until further notified.
Bisbee Feed & Fuel Co.
YARD PKONE 151.
ORIGINAL B I SB EE-TOMBSTONE
STAGE LINE.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
daily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co. Phone 444. leaves
punctually on time daily. 939
(Advertisement)
POLITICS ENTERS GOLF.
EOSTON, Jan. 2. The executive'
committee of the United States Golf
Association has not given the officials
of the Woodland Golf Club a written
statement of the charges under which
three of its members have been dis
qualified, according to a statement to
nijrht by Irv'ng F. French, secretary
of the club. ' Mr. French's statement
was issued in answer to one made pub
lie last night by Frank L. Woodward.'
president of the I'nited States Asso-.
ciatinn in which Massachusetts golfers '
and others were charged with tryirg
to prejudice the minds of delegates to
the forthcoming meeting of the asso
ciation at which the cases of Frnacis
Oimet, John H. Sullivan, Jr., and Paul
Tewksbury are expected to come up
for consideration. These three men,
members of tiie Woodland Club, have
been disqualified on the ground that,
their connection with the' sporting
goods business interferes with their
amateur standing.
Chilly, changeable
weather? A good
oil heater will keep
you warm andcosy.
A gallon oi Pearl Oil gives
9 hours of smokeless, odor
less, cheerful heat.
Prices: $3.75 to $7.75
A
Co.
Prr-r!
k A
ill?
FIGURES SHOWING THAT CAMPBELL STILL
HAS LEAD OVHjJP IN VOTE RECOUNT
Friend of George W. P. Hunt Cause to Be Inserted in Phoe
nix Newfpaper Questions. These Are Answered With
Full Tabulation of Count So Far Republicans Invite
Ex-Governor's Friends to Produce Such .a Statement.
In reply to an advertisement published and paid for by the friends of Mr.
Hunt in The Arizona Republican on- Monday morning, the Republican State
Central Committee lias Issued a set of figures showing Campbell to have lost
one vote on undisputed ballots iu eight counties, practically all complete, ar.d
a challenge to the Democrats to name the precinct in which they secured
their self-styled gain of lit!.
Republican workers are not kidding themselves regarding the chances c.T
their candidate of securing the election through a judicial determination of
what ballots may he legally counted for him. Neither are they making ex
travagant claims. To have gained 9ti, as Homer Wood and W. H. l'lunkett
claimed Saturday night. Hunt must have made up Campbell's official majority
of 30 in other words, discrepancies must have been found amounting to 12C
votes. Yet, no precincts are given, nor any tabulation to show where these
discrepancies occur. Neither, it Is said, have any hopeful figures in Camp
bell's favor been taken into consideration by the Hunt inspectors in making
up their sheet.
The Republican dope sheets give "the devil his due" and show all disputed
ballots Wiethe- originally counted for Hunt or for Campbell, and show also
those ballots which can by the greatest possible stretch of the law and the
ancient and honorable custom of counting votes, lie awarded to Hunt.
The Republican dope sheets give lists of disputed ballots and the name of
the man they favor 152 of them for Mr. Hunt and lfi9 for Campbell. If each
is awarded what he claims, here Is a clear gain of 17 for Campbell.
The figures published herewith cover all of Maricopa. Graham, Pima, Yav
epai, Yuma, Coconino and Mohave. In Apache, which is included In the tabu
lation, the precinct of St. Johns alone remains to be inspected. It will be
passed on by Hoard No. 1 tomorrow. Hoard No. 2 finished Coconino and Hoard
No. 3 finished Yavapai counties Saturday evening.
Official Count Inspectors Undisputed Disputed
Hunt Campbell Hunt Campbell Hunt Campbell
Maricopa 5087 8549 6070 8531 45 75
Graham 1013 1212 1019 1204 15 22
Pima 22:13 25C1 2221 2545 14 16
Yavapai 2885 2435 23S2 2427 13 13
Apache 431 390 424 289 8 2
Yuma 1272 841 1263 837 19 12
Coconino 1041 1105 1035 1100 12 19
Mohave 1379 711 1365 708 25 10
14S41 17704 14779 1761 . 152 169
The figures show that accepting the undisputed ballots passed by the in
spectors, the following gains were made:
For Hunt Maricopa. 1; Graham, 14; Pima, 4; Yavapai, 5 Total. 24.
For Campbell t Apache, 6; Yuma. 5; Coconino, 1; Mohave, 11 Total, 23.
Hunt's net gain, 1 vote.
. t Incomplete: St. Johns precinct net yet inspected.
j MARY GARDEN, IN AMERICA AGAIN, .
s IS SO THIN SHE CAN COUNT HER KIBS
" r r N .
Mary Garden, snapped on her arrival in New York with Mr. Alexander
Powell, prominent New York clubman.
' Mary Garden, the famous American prima donna, has just returned
from Paris for a season of opera in CMcago. She says she weighs on!y 11J
pounds and is so thin she can count her ribs.
An Effective Laxative
For Growing Children
i '
DR. CALDWELL'S SYRUP PEPSIN
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED AS
A FAMILY REMEDY.
In children the slightest irregularity
of the bowels has a tendency to dis
turb the entire digestive system, and
unless promptly remedied invites seri
ous illness. The experienced mother
knows that by training her children
to regularity in this respect, and
when occasion arises administering a
mild laxative, she will have little need
for the doctor's services.
Mrs. Leo Weigand, 3251 Central
Ave., N. S.. Pittsburg, Pa., whose two
boys, Frank and Joseph, are shown
In lll.Lt.at ifn u Fit an that shn tiaa
III L 11 17 IHUailBllvu, 11. CJ IU". J " V- uwa
. , w-. r- 1 .1 tit.. T). :
I iouna IT. tuiueu ojrup j eiisin a
most effective laxative, not only i'jr
the children but also for herself, and
that she will always keep it in the
house to use when needed. Dr. Cald
well's Syrup Pepsin Is a combination
of simple laxative herbs with pepsin
that acts easily and naturally, w ithout
griping or other pnln or discomfort.
It Is pleasant rb the taste so that chil
dren like it, and is equally effective
on the strongest constitution.
OF
ii 4 WW
Si HJ- i jot "ciMrw
Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin can be
obtained at any drug store for fifty
cents, and should have a place in every
home. It will save many times its
cost in lessened doctor bills and main
tain the health of the entire family.
To avoid imitations and ineffective
substitutes be sure and get Dr. Cald
well's Syrup Pepsin. See that a facsi
mile V)f Dr. Caldwell's signature and
his portrait appear on the yellow car
ton in which the bottle Is packed. A
trial bottle, free of charge, can be
obtained by writing to Dr. W. B. Cald
well, 455 Washington St., Montlcello,
Illinois.
i i
SALONIKO CAMPAIGN CALLED
BLUNDER BY LONDON TlMES
LONDON, Jan. 3. The Daily Mail in
a long editorial this morning condemr
ing the Saloniki expedition, and, in t
feet, demanding iu recall, declares
that the expedition was notorious)
planned by civilians in defiance of all
military traditions.
''It was too lute and too weak to
save Serbia," the editorial says, 'it
has been unable to assist Rumania
an dcannot harm the invaders there
ltecause no modern army can traverse
the roadless mountains between Sa
loniki and Rumania."
The Daily Mail contends that if the
troops diverted to Saloniki had been
on the western front in l!il6 they
might well have turned the scale there
and that Rumania then never would
hpve been invaded.
"The expedition," continues the
newspaper, "is a continual strain on
resources men, shipping and muni
tions. By keeping the Balkan force
too large for defense and too weak for
attack we sec-m to be playing tiie
enemy's game. A much smaller fore,
would suffice to hold Saloniki, if thai
is desirable.
MEXICAN PARLEY
ENDSIN FAILURE
(Continued From Page One)
Constitutionalist Army entrusted with
the constitutionalist power of the
Mexican nation.
"Article 1 The government of tho
United States agrees to begin the
withdrawal of the American troops
from Mexican soil as soon as practi
cable, such withdrawal, subject to the
further terms of this agreement to be
completed not later than ; that
is to say, forty (40) days after the ap
proval of this agreement by both gov
ernments. Article 2 The American command
er shall determine the manner in
which the withdrawal shall be affect
ed so as to ensure the safety of the
territory affected, by the withdrawal.
Article 3 The territory evacuated
by the American troops shall be occu
pied and adequately protected by the
constitutionalist troops and such evac
uation shall take place when the con
stitutionalist forces have taken posi
tion to south of the American forces
so as to make effective such occupa
tion and protection. The Mexican
commissioners shtill determine the
dan for the occupation and protec
tion of the territory evacuated by the
American forces senarately. or where
ever practicable in friendly coopera
tion, with any obstacles which may
arise tending to delay the withdrawal.
In case there are any further activi
ties of the forces inimical to the con
stitutionalist government which
threatens the border, the withdrawal
of American forces shall not be delay
ed beyond the period strictly neces
sary to overcome such activities.
Article 5 The withdrawal of Amer
ican troops shall be effected by march
inar to Columbus, or by using the Mex
ican Northwestern Railway to El Pa
so, or by both routes, as .may be
deemed most convenient or desirable
to the American commander.
Article 6 Each of the governments
parties to this agreement shall guard
Its side of the international boundary.'
This, however, does not preclude
such cooperation on the part of the
military commanders of both coun
tries as may be practicable.
Article 7 This agreement shall
take effect immediately upon approv
al by both governments. Notification
of approval shall be communicated by
each government to the other.
"In testimony thereof, we have
signed, sealed and interchanged re
ciprocally this proctocol of aereement
ad referendum in the English and
Spanish languages, at Atlantic City.
N. J., this twenty-fourth day of Nov
ember, in the year of Our Lord, one
thousand nine hundred and sixteen.
(Signed)
FRANKLIN K. LANE.
GEORGE GRAY.
JOHN It. MOTT.
LfIS CABRERA.
YGNACIO HONILLAS.
ALBERTO J. PANI."
It also was announced for the first
time that at the time the proctocol
was sent to Mexico it was accompan
ied by a brief statement agreed upon
by the joint commission as follows:
"It shall be understood that if we
meet for the discussion of other than
border questions, the American com
missioners will not ask that any final
agreement shall be reached as to any
such questions while the American
troops are in Mexico."
Cnrrpnza's reply was not made pub
lic. He is understood to have taken
the position that he could not ficti the
proctocol because it would put him
In the position of sanctioning the
presence of American troops on Mex
ican soil.
Three resolutions directing the sec-
rcta"y of w:ir. th- aitorm-y j-rmT'tl (
and the secretary ol th' treasury to
transiiiil to the Hoime infor.ii.Hion re-;
latino to the shipment of arms ami
war material into .Mexii 6 in alleged
violation of tow were introduced to
day by lU-pr.-s illative Kahn of Call-'
foinia.
Soon Over His Cold.
Ever'jne speaks well of (iian.ber
lain's Cough Remedy after having used
it Mrs. Georce I-wis, I'ilUtield,
N. V.. has this to say resardin;; it:
"Last winter my Utile boy. five yer.rj
old. was sick with a cold i-jr two or
three weeks. I doctored him and usel
various cou?h medicine but nothing
did him much good unlil I Wsua uius
Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. He
then improved rapidly and in a ler
days was over his i.ilL"
( VI w rti-eineiit)
HOME, SWEET HOME!
Do You Own Your Own
Home?
Am offering choice building
lots with detail drawings ard
plan of an inexpensive house
having three rooms, but with
the space of four. Many built
in conveniences and large
screen porch, and with all, a
bed-room undisturbed if you
chance to be on night shift.
,Ve offer our usual Loan
plan on this house and lot.
I. W. Wallace
Main Street.
Arizona Junk Co.
We buy all kinds of Junk.
Phone 690.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patro.iaje
PHONE 58
Watkins & Bergquist
Quality Jewelers
The Best Opticians
.V - 2 -
The HALLMARK Store
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 50c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5 :30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $35;
$9 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
LOWELL
Pure
Sweet
Cider
6.5c a
Gallon
J. 8. Angius
Pure Food Grocery
Phone 29
Have th
CITY PARK TAILORS
make your next suit. 3000 pat
terns to pick from. Under new
city park, Bisbee.
O. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
i Opposite Depot Ambulance
ur - . - inrirL a. i 14 U'jm
BRICK OF ALL GRADES AND
KINDS
and In any quantity, delivered as
you w.int it. Builders will find
it to their Interest to pet our
figures before making estimates
and bids, because they will be
sure to get bottom prices; and
when we say bottom prices we
njenn prices that are lower than
you can get anywhere else.
Company. nc
CAR STOP.
PHONE 25.
: yCATARRH:
;l v?Sr I Hdtandlr
I Vi7 9 H Dn24. Hours j I
, J Kach Can- v '
.iart of counterfeit ' FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 3, 1917.
41 to giiBbzz Batnj iLruuo?
Published Every Day Except Monday by the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Eusiness Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 3, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable in Advance:
PER MONTH -'5
THREE MONTHS . ; 2.25
SIX MONTHS 4-00
TWELVE MONTHS 7-50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter 75
N Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
PHONE NO. 39.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor if any irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Wednesday Morning, January 3, 1917.
HUNT ENGULFED.
Although the affairs of state are at a standstill and
regret Is general that Arizona should start off the new
year so inauspiclously, satisfaction is also general that
the guilty obstructed Hunt, is sinking more deeply .each
day in the quicksands of his own creation. The Demo
cratic party is actually gleeful over the accomplishment
of the ex-Governor's political suicide. He lias lost the
respect of every element in the State except the de
structive agitators.
Whatever merits his case possessed are now over
shadowed by his puerile conduct. Discussions Jieard on
the streets of Eisbee yesterday niayTje assumed to serve
as accurate repetitions of sentiment expressed through
out the State. ' The inspection cf gubernatorial ballets
was a subject without interest. The absorbing theme
was Hunt's impudence and his failure to display the es
sential characteristics of real manhood. Reckoned by
Arizona standards, he was proclaimed an outcast.
The disfavor in which Hunt now finds himself affoids
an impressive contrast to the favor in which the de
feated Governor in our neighboring state, Utah, is held
by that commonwealth because of his manly attitude in
the face of political adversity. Goodwin's Weekly com
ments on the attitude of a real man as follows:
"The ovation given Governor Spry was something that
ought to keep the Governor's heart warm as long as that
heart continues to throb. It was most appropriate; too,
and should be most useful. It was an expression of af
fection and admiration for a retiring official which must
have been most gratifying to the retiring official ; it was
a notice to other officeholders that the people are watch
ing and ready to honor those who faithfully serve tlietn.
Moreover, it is not political. It came from all classes
and creeds and straight frcm the hearts of the people.
Politically, Utah is much perturbed just now. Hence th's
spontaneous ovation to Governor Spry was the more sig
nificant for it came straight from the hearts of the pec
ple and was a mute protest against the pclitical wrongs
of last summer. We congratulate Governor Spry. The
ovation was one seldom tendered to a retiring officer, ai-d
was a Christmas wreath that will not fade during all his
life though he may live to the age of Methuselah. !t
shouldsmake the sunlight sweeter to him and the world
around him fairer. It was an expression of sentiment for
the man and his work most beautiful to see and to be re
membered so long as life lasts."
It is Hunt's own fault that he will go to his political
grave unmourned and unpitied. His contribution to Ari
zona's political history will be remembered solely because
of its sordidness. Pride of Slate has been grossly offended
by the antics of this unworthy member. His infamous
conduct cannot be eradicated.
MAIL BLOCKADES.
Chicago during the past week lias had a tremendous
Christmas mail blockade. Thousands of sacks, not mere
ly parcels and papers but of first class mail, were stuck
in the railroad terminals. It was announced on Christ
mas day that the railroads were overw helmed. Ik-liveries
were four or five days behind. Both incoming and out
going mails were tied up. Mailsacks were piled high in
open sheds along the tracks and left there for days.
It wasn't only Chicago that was inconvenienced. The
wiiole country filtered, because Chicago i" a great dis
tributing point. In New York City it was nearly as bad. In
both places the blockade was a natural result of th'j
development of railroad terminals by individual roa:,
according to their own ideas, without any regard for "pub
lic welfare or even, in the long run, for their own wel
fare. A city where transportation lines meet and cross ought
to have facilities for the rapid, easy transfer of freight,
mail and passengers from one line to another. lusU-ad,
goods, letters and people in many of our cities have to brt
carried across town or around it by cumbersome -ind
costly routes, and when the volume of traffic, suddenly
fewcllti there is chaos. WJicn will public authority in tuu
country take tucli matters in baud and work "llicin out
properly?
: The Uerliii-Press liurc-mi explains' that the I.iisitaiii;.
medal which has leeu widely pictured in Entente and
neutral countries was privately struck and circulated only
to the number of 1'jO copies. The explanation is reassur
ing. It would have been well if it had not been so long
HELP AJOl
According to news reports from the Ajo district, a con
dition approaching terrorism exfot 5t Clarkston by rea
rer cf the pretence there of disturbers who are said to
be affiliated with the Industrial Workers of the World, a
name which is synonymous with violence and contempt
of the law the country over. According to reports, as- i
DELAY ENDORSEMENT
OF NOTE ON PEACE
(Continued From I'n?re On?)
the foreign relations committee.
Stone Drives it
saults have been made upon innocent workingmen who Interest attached to statements
have refused to fellow the dictation of the leaders of the durin deba,e b' Senator Stone, chair
man of the rorclgn relations commit-
Western Federation of Miners but have chosen to remain
tec. who had an hour's conference
at work. It is reported that many of these disturbers yesterday with President Wilson. In
ha vp no interest ia the recent disagreement between the this connection administration off!
New Cornelia and its employees, have never been em-
cials took pains to make clear that
the President did not seek action bv
ployed at Ajo or in the state, and are there only for the coneress, though of course he would
purpose of intimidating the employees of the company. ! not like to see a proposal to endorse
This is a condition which Pima county should deal with his VoWy defeated.
. . . , , . ' The discussion began when Senator
summarily. The rights of the striking employes, the few Hhchcock.g re80ution to approve the
who remain idle, should be studiously regarded, but the note, introduced just before the holi-
agitators who have come In from other states, following day recess, automatically came before
. , , ., , . . ., . . , , i the Senate for consideration. Demi)
the scent of strife, should be put on the Toad back to i . . . ....
I cratic leaders, including Senator
Vagabondia and kept going. The employees who are at I gtonP urped that the resolution
work should be given complete protection and full guar- should be passed without delay or pro
antees that they will not be molested in their rights, Ion"ed debate, in order that the Pres
. . .. .. , , , ident's position might be Mven ap-
whatever the cost. This is an obligation which the nr- w thn rnnrHin,to hr,nrh nf
the government, which has authority
in international affair'.
G. O. P. Delay Passage
Senator Lodge, ranking Republican
members of the foreign relations com
mittee, Senator Gallineer. the minori
ty leaders. Senator Brrah, and other
Republican senators vigorously in
sisted that Senator Hitchcock consent
to let the matter go to the foreign re
lations committee for careful consid
eration. They did not oppose the pur
pose cf the resolution but the view
that the proposed resolution was
fraught with so much international
county owes to the employees and to their employers
as well.
By bonding itself for a splendid highway which oJiall
connect the minins camp with the county seat, Pima has
shown its interest in the camp, but in that Tucson is
more largely the beneficiary. The county should now
show its interest iu the welfare of the people of the camp
by removing from it the menace to industrial peace in
the presence of t'.ie wolves that prey and fatten on in
dustry. Sheriff Forbes Ins, with the limited number of deputies
at his command, done well toward keeping down violence
at Aio. but renorts of assaults unon Deaceable workinc- I importance that it should not be acted
' .... , i upon without very careful cons'dera-
men continue to be heard. We hope that the incoming j Um of a phase8 of the war B,luat,on
board of supervisors will stand solidly back of Sheriff- and not until a senate committee has
elect Rye Miles in the work that is cut out for him at Ajo. opportunity to study the exchanges
He is eminently capable to perform the task. Pima couaty cf beIli""e"t and n-atral govern-
meets v.hicn have followed the ongi-
will save itself a lot of trouble in the future if it m na, Teutonic note to tne entente al-
serve notice upon the I. W. W. now that Pima county is lies suggesting discussion of peace.
a field forbidden to its blackjack propaganda. It should Debate Threatens
., There were strong intimations to
be done now, and done thorougUy. Arizona Daily Star. . . ... ponllhIin!ina v, lna!sit
upon thorough debate if Senator
Hitchcock persists tomorrow in his
demand for a vote without reference
to committee. Such n discussion, it
was poii.ted oi't tonight, might lead
to another general debate on the Eu
ropean v.T.r situation, such as charac
terized i ho controversy at the last
session of congress over the right of
American citizens to travel on armed
ships of belligerents.
Delay Hurts Note
Senator Stone declared that the sini
pb; oiiest'on involved in the issue was
whether the Ser,als should encforse
a movement called to Upen the way
for tringins about rraee in Europe.
For the Senate to hesitate now that
the resolution confronted it, he said,
would destroy the moral effect of the
proposed endorsement upon the na
tions at war.
Views of many Republican senators
were epitomized by Senator Lodge,
who declared the resolution opened up
a "very large, grave and important
subject."
"I trust." lie added, "that it will be
realized that this thins cannot be
rushed through, involving as it does,
our relations to all the world."
A resolution similar to that of Sen
ator Hitchcock was introduced in the
TEACHING DIPLOMACY.
It has always been a sort of accepted principle in this
country thaf any American is fit to fill any diplomatic or
consular post. He might not discharge his duties in the
same way the trained European diplomat would, but thnt
was regarded as a virtue rather than a defect. The train
ed diplomat was always suspected. The diplomat in shirt
sleeves was our ideal. He might have no knowledge
w.hatever on international law. He might not know the.
language of the country he was sent to, or even its histo
ry. It made no difference. He was expected to go on the
job and get away with it by native ability.
We've got pretty well over that now. The consular
service has been for several years under civil service
rules which give precedence to the man cf experience and
qualification, and as a result, has been steadily improv
ing in personnel and effectiveness. Our diplomatic ser
vice has improved less notably. Cut the present war hps
created a demand for trained men for the vital and deli
cate business of handing international affairs men know
ing language, law, history and the accepted methods of
international intercourse."
The colleges have begun to recognize this demand. New
York University has inaugurated a course of study devis
ed especially to fit men for consular and diplomatic ca- . House by Representative McKellar of
recrs. Other institutions of learning are sure to follow
its example.
We shall hear less hereafter of shirt sleeve diplomacy,
and accordingly less of tho criticism that has so cfU-n
been visited on American ministers, ambassadors and
attaches for their ignorance and inexperience. We may
even see our
Tennessee and referred without dis
cussion to the foreign affaiis commit-
Ice.
It was stated at the state depart
ment that no more neuti!l countries
had replied to the President's bote
and that, though copies were sent to
tall the South American republics for
whole diplomatic service placed, before I (j,ejr information none of them had
many years, on a basis of experience and merit, as our felt it necessary to reply in any way.
consular service has been. I Congratulatory and optimistic tele-
grams lrom aotoaa were received to
day from the Swedish League for the
Democracy of Justice, the Central
Hoard of the Social Democratic Wom
en's Association of Stockholm, the
Congress" of Rclgian Socialist Work
men in Holland; the Swedish Section
of the International Committee ol
Women for Permanent Peace; the
-j General Hutch Alliance; the Federa
tion of Christian Teachers of Holland
and Colonies; the Swedish Peace
Committee; the I.iheral Dutch Labor
Fedeiation; the Dutch Tlicosophical
GETTING" VILLA.
t
General Pershing is still in northern Mexico with thi
bulk of the United States army. We seem to remember,
mere or less vaguely, that he went there to "get" Villa,
alive or dead, after that picturesque bandit had shot, up
and looted Columbus, N. M.
For a while, there were obvious reasons why the puni
tive expedition failed to punish as per program. At first.
Villa ran too fast. Then ho hid in the mountains where-
even an Indian would have bad trouble Undine him. It ' Association of World Peace and the
Women s Christian 1 emiierance i n
was even itciicvca at one period that he was dead.
Recently the situation has changed. Villa has con:
into the open again. He has taken and looted the capital
city of Chihuahua, and got away wit.h his booty. Within
a few days be has played the same prank in Torrcon, the
railroad center cf northern Mexico. He has pleasantly
intimated that he might drop across the border again ore
of these days, and shoot up another Anicricun town ur
two.
ion of Sweden.
NEBRASKA AND NOTRE DAME
ELEVENS TO MEET 1917.
LINCOLN. Neb., Jan. 2. cliraska
and Notre Dame football games will
be continued this year, the Catholic
school of South lic-nd. lud., coming to
Lincoln lor a game October accord-
to announcement by the uniM-r-
XTn si.. ..tt.;.... i t f t.. I ing
sity athletic board here tolilgbt. Mitre
fJ'iug and his army. Apparently our troops arc standing Dame was originally scheduled lor
pa. Il'it they weren't sent into Mexico to dig treaches ; Thanksgiving Day. but consented lo
j waive that date, iu orde r that rvc urac
il a. miuht Dlay S racu;,c. The schc-
Why don't they do something? Arc they going to wak :(luk, ,or tUc ,ou,ius scasou is the most
until Villa has iO.WMi mcn instead of D.0H)? And until 'ambitious Ni bra. ku haa ever uudcr
he's complete mai tcr of northern Mexico? j taken.
and hold them. They were wnt to get Villa.
Uoumaniii was supposed to have' bad. when sin.-' cu
lt red the war, a maximum military strength of about
fion.OtiO men. According to German reports, she has :1
GOLFER ARMSTRONG WINS.
JUST HAVE TO CATCH ON THIS TLME
Hy BniNkEItllOFF.
9
i
Again the Russian and Rumanian
forces along the Moldavia and Dob
rurija frontiers have been compelled
to give ground before the advance of
the Teutonic allies. At several places
on ttfe Moldavian font. however. Pet
rograd reports the dispersal of bancs
pf invaders under eoui'trr attacks.
The Ohe the Austrian ?nd C.er
nians eastward from ihe Transyiva
nian Alps into Aioldavia has given
them additional points of vantage
while Field Marshal von Mackensen's
a'my, operating northward into Mol
davia, is approaching the Iiridgehea!s
of Fokshany and Fundeni. r.etweeii
the liuzu River and the Danube, bow
ever, the Russians and Rumanians
continue to bold their positions. In
Dobrudja the Russians have been,
brown bac k rm the town of Mv.tc'uin,
opposite IJriiiiia. in the fighting on
all- the fronts, according to Berlin,
more prisoners and much war mater
ial have la!len into th- hands of the
Teutonic allies.
Aside fmin the Rumanian theatre,
comparative quiet continues on all
the fronts, although there have teen
some.vhat spirited engagements on
the French line and in Calicia. Along
the entire front of the Austro-halian
theatre there have been vigorous ar
tillery duels. The situation in Mace
donia remains unchang"d.
The operations on the, front in
France continue to be carried out
vainly by patrol parties and by the
artillery wir.gs of the belligerent ar
mies. Near Vermelles and north cf
Ypres, German patrol parties suc
ceeded in reaching the Ilritish trench
es but later were driven out ith hea
vy casualties, according to the Lon
don war office. On the entire Belgian
front the artillery duels were violent
while in the Verdun sector, Douau
mont and Yaux there has been con
siderable shell in; by both sides. III
Ualicia. in the liroiiy sector, the Aus
troGermans launche.1 attacks agai'ist
the Russians but were repulsed. The
Russians attempted to attack south of
Higa and Manishni but c!id not suc
ceed in making gains.
With Money
f hat 3 the way wealth has been gained ever since the
world started.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is making money for you with the four per cent
interest which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT
GROW!
Citizens Bank & Trust Company
Main Street Bisbee, Ariicna
Will E. McKee, President C. A. McDonald, Cashier.
O. W. Wolf, Assistant Cashier.
PINLlll KST, Jan. 2 --l'wight 1
Armstrong of Pittsburg defeated Pbil
io Carter, ol New York, 3 up anil 1
ready lot,! that many. And yet sht-V lighting on, -villi to play in the dual round of the iniil
;tilTcning resistance. Is it the ghost of slain lUmnu'iiia v; J r i;o!f tournament here today.
i A i uistroiu; s c ard ol i au uio oesi
, turned in hire thiu sea&uu uiid Caiur
'n.j liuAii tt.i tub Wa.
that arc
&!joUt it.
doing the ligJitiug? There's some mystery
DEMOCRATS FAVOR '
BEST FOR SPEAKER
OF COLORADO HOUSE
(l!y Itcxicw Leased Wire)
li;.N lilt. Jan. 2. iJemocratu- mem
bers ol the lower house "I the Colo
rado legislature, prip.irin. lur the
c :cnii:g VI the sctMon tomorrow, in
i audio late tonight named Loom- lVst.
oi Kiowa county, a their candidate
lor the ijii-aker: hip. Democrat.-- have
a majority ol thirteen in ilie House.
'1 he i aliens named A. I. Aulourcl, of
JJouhlcr county, chairman, and W. I;
l',aiiks', of Larimer ruiiiiiy. secretary:
it named the following as a committee
I cm patronage:
I Charles Mayer. Kagle county, c hair-
lliian: A. I). Meyer. Deliver couniy, R.
M. Horn, Alamosa coiiuly.
Representative CK-ui Ciowiej, ol
P- unci, iu selected as caucus caudi-
1
YOU PLAN WELL
FOR THE NEW YEAR
Prudent is the person who locks ahead and
plans well for the new year who maps
out the course of safety and pursues it.
Your account is invited.
4r( Interest Paid on
Time Deposits.
v
I A.
t
V
I"-"
Your attention is especially directed o
the importance of saving and depositing a
portion of each earned dollar in the Bank.
Make the start NOW in our Savings
Department.
Dank with us.
I
t
t
X
X
t
V FIVE
1
SECRETARY TO TOM ARIZONA WOMEN WANT ARE HUSBANDS FROM
DARCV BRIVfiS OWX .
METROPOLITAN GRAND QUARTETTE
MANAGER '' ITji jIM
UAMfHhLL IS WELL lU HEfKESENf SIAlE AKIiUNA BtST. UlfY WITH USUAL FIRST OF ;
KtlitlVtU IHSIAlE AS WllSUN ELEUIUKS MARSHAL NUT SilliE THE TEAR BUSINESS1
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 3, 1917.
GOMES 10 BISBEE THURSDAY N GHT
I
4
4
I
1
41
i
i
s
4
i
4
r
m.i i a c:j di
iu&icuun rrazer, oam iu uc
Governor's Secretary, lviade
jUreat Reputation as fubii
city ivian in I avapai County
In spite of current rumor to the ef
fect tnat '1 nomas fcJ. Campbell's tirst
appointment was a resident 'ot tne
8 tate of Texas, it is said in ttisbee, oy
people wiio are tnorougnly acquainted
wuu tue question, tnat Caicoim A.
Frazer, said to nave been named
private secretary to me goveraor-eiect,
is and has been a voter 01 frescoti,
Yavapai county, tougn be has been
secretary ot toe hi faao chain oer t
commerce for some niontns.
Frazer is one of tue best known
puolicity men in the Southwest. He
came to t rescott about live year 3 ago
from California and took the secretary
ship of the PiesiAHl chamber of com
merce and mines. It was not long bo
fore he was one of the best known
men in tne state of Arizona. His
previous experience lay chietly in tue
newspaper business, having been con
nected with newspapers in every pan
of the country. At one time he was
telegraph editor on the Omana Bee
and at anotner in a line capacity on
the San Francisco Bulletin.
Cnieily thiYmgh Frazer's efforts,
while in Prescott, Sir Gilbert Parker
made a trip to Arizona and remained
in the state for the better part of tee
year. He lived, while here, in Phoenix,
Castle Hot Springs and in i-rescott.
After Sir Gilbert returned to England
tne state of Arizona received a great
amount of favorable publicity from the
pen of the British writer. At a later
date Frazer heard that Parker con
templated another trip to America and
was even on his way to New York.
Losing no time the Prescott man wire
lessed the Englishman to again make
Prescott his headquarters while in
America.
Frazer and Tom Campbell," now the
governor, were chiefly responsible for
the success of the first Fourth of July
celebration held in Prescott in 1913.
They worked together In this instance
and one 'of the largest crowds in the
history of the Mile-High City, was the
result. At all times, during Frazer's
connection with tne Prescott organiza
tion, he received the hearty and earn
est support of Campbell and the latter
learned to appreciate Frazer's execu
tive capacity and also his ability to
meet the public and make it his.
Through Frazer's success at Pres
cott he "was invited to become secre
tary Of the EI Paso chamber Vf com
merce and was chiefly responsible for
the success of the big celebration in
the Texas city last fall, When the
Elephant Butte Dam was dedicated.
In Arizona Frazer's friends are le
gion and all feel that Governor Camp
bell,' in selecting him as his private
secretary, has made the best possible
choice. Frazer takes with hini to his
new work the best wishes of all his
friends and, particularly, those among
the newspaper profession in this and
other states.
FIRST APPOINTMENT.
SANTA FE X. M., Jan. 2. Governor
De Baca t'oday made his first appoint
ment, naming Dennis Chavez, of Al
buquerque, as game and fish warden.
The office was vacated by Trinidad C.
De Baca, who, yesterday, took the of
fice of county clerk of Santa Fe county.
SAVE DAD'S LIFE .
GET IT FOR KIM
j
Says it is Suicide to Cut Corns '
J kow rv lift I
J "" i
right out
You simply say to the drug store
man, "Give me a quarter of an ounce
of freezone." This will cost very little
but it is sufficient to remove every
hard or soft corn from one's feet.
A few drops applied lirectly upon a
tender, aching corn should relieve the
soreness instantly, and soon the entire
corn, root and all, can be lifted out
with the lingers without pain.
This new way to rid one's foot of
corns was introduced by a Cincinnati
man, wheays that while freezone is! takes her under his wing. The town!
sticky it dlies in a iiAmient, and seems 'g.ssips revel in this action on his part
to simple shrivel up the corn without
. . I
inflaming or even irritating the bur-
roundingjissue or skin.
Don't Vt father die of infection or
lockjaw Jroni 'whittling at his tVrns,
but cut this out aud make him try it.
(Advertisement)
Vitolox
This word ui''aiif LIFE and slrcnglh.
Use it and you v ill know that the
tiaiuc is just right
, VITOLOX purities the blood, cor
rects disorders of the stomach, iiu
proves the appetite, tones up the kid
neys and a sure shot for rheumatism.
Get a bottle at any drug store, $l.(m or
. ,.-,r $ :,.W.
Mrs. Frances Munds and Mrs.)
Lamar Cobb Would Like to
Cio to Wasnington narry
.Pickett Does riot ravor it.
Frances Munds, state senator from
Yavapai county in tae second state
legislature and one ot the most pi'j
mineni advocates of woman's sulirage
in lail', is one ot the contenders lor
me Honor 01 escorting me ouiciai re
turns iroin Arizona to U asmngion on
the presiuential race. 11 is aiso said
thai Mrs. Lamar Coob, wile ot one ot
me successiui electors, is aiso an as
pirant. Anu thereby hangs a tale.
nouier uou, senator trom Yavapai
county in me first legislature, close
companion ot Mine Cunnitl, tne czar
of mat oody and one 01 tne brightest
men in me state during his lite, lamar
Coob state engineer, and Harry K.
PicKett, of Douglas, were nominated
and elected as llson presiuential
electors in Arizona.
cooo comes irom Greenlee county
and it has become known in many
quarters that ne is anxious t see Airs.
Cood tane the ouiciai returns to the
electoral college wuen it meets. n oous,
wno is now interested more in tue
Hunt contest tnan he is in the elec
toral college, would liKe to see Airs.
Munds tane me vote east. Mrs. Juunds
was an ardent supporter oi UtVirge V.
f. Hunt and his policies. Sue caui-
1 paigned last tail m various parts ot
; Arizona and on one occasion-spoke oe-
tore an audience m Bisuee at the city
park.
Harry Pickett, the remaining elector
has no choice in the matter. Conse-
quently the lriends of both Mrs. Cobb
and Mrs. Munds are anxi'ously solicit-
ing his vote.
According to reports Pickett is ol
the opinion that one of the three elec
tors should go to Washington. It is
also reported that he is willing to vote
lor either Cobb or Wood, but, in case
neither of them would go, will favor
himself. He does not believe that the
votes should be taken to Washington
by proxy.
Question Who will represent Ari
zona in the electoral college?
Prefers Chamberlain's.
"In the course of a conversation with Cochise County, State of Arizona; end
Chamberlain Medicine Co.'s re pre- , prohibiting the keeping and possess
sentative t'oday, we had occasion to ' ior. of any such liquors in places of
discuss in a general way the merits j public resort in said city.
of their different preparations. At his
suggestion I take pleasure in express-
ing my estimation of Chamberlain's
Cough Remedy. I have a family of
six children and have used this remedy
in my home for years. I consider it
the only cough remedy on the nnarket,
as I have tried nearly all kinds." Earl
C. Ross, Publisher Hamilton County
Republican-News, Syracuse, Kan.
(Advertisement)
METRO OFFERING AT
ORPHEUM IS WONDER
... . !?. ji
Viola. Dana, fascinating and
Girted 5tage Star, Appears I
Tonight in Bisbee.
.
Viola Dana, the fascinating and
ed joung stage and screen star will bt
seen in "Tne Light of Happiness," a
live-part Metro wonder-play at the Or-!
pheum, theatre today. This charming
louiig artist is suriuuuued by an ex- ,
ccptionaliy strong supporting cast,
which includes tdward Larle, Loraine !
Frost, Jack Busby, George Melville, ;
Mona Kiiicsic v. Harrv Linson. Robert :
Walker and other well known artists.
"The Light of Happiness" was writ-1
ten especially for Miss buna by John
II. Collins, who also directed its pro-:
diiction. There is a flavor 'ot the dr.- j
Iightlul writings of Sir James M. Bar-;
rie in the characterization Mr. Collins :
has drawn in tne part of "Tangletop," ;
the role essayed by Miss Dana. Lelt
an orphan, the daughter of a drunken ;
lather, sue in shunned by the com
munity. A young minister who comes
to the town and who understands the
zreat and true nrinc lnlrs nf humanirv.
ami plan his ruin with their vicious '
;
attacks. There are many interesting !
complications in the story and it is j liw B'ld imprisonment: and the liq-unfold'-d
in a masterly aud artistic ! "or!i possessed in violation of this or
liianuer on the screen. joinance shall be by the court ordered
Mr. Collins has succeeded in pro-; iiestroed.
duciug a picture of life in the conn-! Section 4. All ordinances or parts
tryside that rings true and that is a ' of ordinances iu conflict herewith are
departure from the usual run ot stories I hereby repealed.
laid in a small town. One of the novel j Section 5. WIIliKUAS. the iinnie
and intense situations is presented in i .,. or,t.ra.ion of (his ordinance is ne-
I the church where the minister de
'nouuecs the niemliers of his ijiigrega-
lioii lor plotting the downfall of the
mil and brai 1115 faloc witness against
iniu. Many ijuaint characters are in
trodix ed aud altogether it is a retresh-
ing. wliolc:,omt
newer tvpe.
conieiiy drama oi tlie
Are Your Sewers Clogged? '
The boH t Us are the sewerage system 1
of the body. You can well iinaniiic! I'atst-d aud i-dopteil by (lie. Mayor
tiie result when theyare stopped up ; J'lld Common Council this "ml day ot
as Is the cas in i-onsliputiou. As a!janimr. !! 17.
purgatie oii will find Chamberlain's
Tablets excellent. They ure mild and
gentle in tli'dt aeliou. They also ini
ti: ; t'-s.- :l;.-.t V.u. (.'.iIm llwt 1
Los Angeies "Woman Would
LiKe 10 Uet a Uood Hus
band trom Arizona ilie
1 tunics tne xiest men Come
trom 1 his State.
.in.iiiie Allison didn't
know it ae
1 ernaps ue
lore, but lie does now.
had never tnougut 01
it
belore ;
Vvuat'.' On, yes; whetner or not Aii
zona men ma&e excellent nusuanus.
iue city marsual was appiiseu 01 lae
fact yesterday by a Los Augeies wom
an nuo wants one irom tuis state auu
particularly, from bisbee. "
Aiauy states have claimed that its
men are best suited tor various occu-
puiions. But, inasmuch as tne work
01 being a husband is 11101 e a slate ol
mind man an occupation, very lew J
couimonwealtns have iut their com- j
posite or lnuiviuual lesser baives on I
a pedestal as tne best in tne country. I
la this instance Arizona has maue uo
sucii claim but as some outsiuer, ana I
a woman at tnat, has called the turn,
certainly Arizona men will not back 1
down. I
Here's the authority for the state- i
nient:
"Dear Sir: . 1
"I have heard so much about what :
good husbands the men from Arizona
make. I tnougnt I would write and
astc you if you knew some good single .
"I am twenty-five years old. and
, "- muw iui iu jwia. 1
j am an American and would make
j some man a good wife. If you know
j anyone give them my address and
1 ask them to write to me.
"I thank you in advance and a hope
Jyou can find me a good husband be-
1 1 : 1 . . . . . . t
tween the ages of twenty-six and fifty
years.
"Very respectfully yours,
Mrs. Margaret Stripe,
2029 Huron Street, Los Angeles."
There now, you Arizona men, is
your chance! Get busy!
ORDINANCE NO. 211 j
An ordinance concerning te selling j
or giving away of any ardent spirits, j
aie, oeer, wine, or intoxicating liquors
of any kind within the city of Bisbee,
I BE ,T ORDAINED hv the Mavoi
.,.,, r(lni.ii nf ,h ritv nf !
Eisbee, as follows:
Section 1. All persons are hereby
prohibited from selling, exchanging,
bartering, or disposing of any ardent i
spirits, ale, beer, wine, or intoxicating
liquors of any kind, to any person
within the corporate limits of the City I
of Bisbee: and all persons are hereby j
prohibited from giving away any such i
ardrmt spirits, ale, beer, wine, or in-
toxicating liquors of any kind to any j
person within the corporate limits of I
the City of Bisbee. !
Section 2. It shall he unlawful to i
keep or have, or to permit to be kept j
j had or possessed in any hotel, board- j
mg house, eating house, resiaurant. i
pooi or billiard hail, tobacco store.
soft-drink parlor, store of any kind, j
or an' nlace of rublic ""sort, or in
i any club, or in any cellar, closet
gilt-('room or spare) connecting with any
of. ,he above named places, for any
Purpose, any ardent spirits, ale, beer,
wine,' or intoxicating liquor of any
kind. The finding of such liquorr, in
fcny of such places shail be prima fa-
: ie evidence of the fact that the pro-
prietor or i.erson in charge of such
place at the time of the finding there-
i.f nemiittpil mrh limu,r; t,i h tmt
on such premises; and all persons are
prohibited from having on their per
son or in their possession, or from
drinking any such liquor in any pub
lic place described herein or in auy
prtlic street, avenue, thoroughfare,
alley, or public park in the City of
llisbee.
Section Kvery person who shall
violate any provision of this ordi
nance shall be guilty of a n:isdemean-
or and shall be punished by a fine of
I not less than twenty-five (J3.00) and
not ,"0,, ,han u,rt'n ",,n(lrt'l CfoOO).
or b-v 'sonmcnt in the city jail
''-" not 1,KS tlli,n lla's "or Illorc
ll al 1... I.
,1,a" ll,n0 'ntns, or iy tmtu sutii
ecssary for the preservation of the
public peace, safety and health, an
emergency is hereby declared to exist
and this ordinance shall be in full
force and effect Irom and alter its
j passage b.v ihe Common Council, ap-
jproal by 1 !f Mayor, ami afl'-r poM-
n and publication as rciiir'il li
law. and is hereby eMiniiti-d from the
operation of Ihe refen'Mdiim M'om
ions ot llie State ( oust tt til ion.
Approved this 1'nd day of January.
1917
1. (
.1. L
i:. ADAMS.
LL'I L:.U. t
Ma? or.
f LU .
Vance Johnson Chosen Chair
man ot Hoard ot Supervisors
Mebs names Assistant.
Other Ufiicers Remain.
TOMBsTONE. Jan. 2. (Special)
Tomt stone's official circles today
were chiefly busy with first of the
year business and with the induction
of recently-elected county officials
and the appointment of several depu
ties in several of the offices. On the
whole the changes are tew, through
oat the courlhouse.
Vance M. Johnson, hold-over mem
ber of the board of supervisors, a res
ident of Bisbee, and the man who, in
Uie election of two years ago, receiv
ed the largest vote for the office, was
Fleeted as chairman of the board for
me ensuing two jcois. a. v. ivargei j
was retained as ciern. auu c. . 1 or
ter was named assistant clerk.
Ray ii. Krebs, the new county re
corder, named H. L. Hutchinson as
his deputy. Miss Elsie Toles, elected I
county school superintendent, has not !
named hfr assistant as yet. Sheriff ;
Harry C. Wheeler retains all of his
deputies. This is also so in the other
departments of the county government-
J. C- Ryan, of Bisbee, was
again appointed county engineer by
the board of supervisors. The publi
cation of the minutes of the board of !
supervisors was given to the Tomb-'
ptone Prospector for the next year.
Other awards were made by the
supervisors on work for the year and
other routine business transacted.
10 GET SPECIMENS
VOR SMITHS vy A
r
frc.'osir Kebcrt 1 CariKT.
Vroix .' or Robert L. Garner of
r'e-.v Vc:k, who for a quarter of a
cr..t.ny ius chased the grouchy
! '-vilUi and the more amiahie
r!.inn:!;:ee to their laivs in ibo
t'.ip;iO. is iioV on his way to West
Africa, where he e:;pcctj to remain
n v;-a,- or two collecting specimens
!': i ti;o Smithso'iin Institution of
u.h'.r.fitvii, 1 C
1
i
. 1
f:. .-. Pi.
5?.K-,,:' 4?!i
HOP AT
injure
1
V '"i ,U;'tM'
K ' Z" Reliable
.
- v;' -
ti
1
I-
rA
h I. OS-iiunn
AWwiV fijrtif Vii:iratf.'i lac
Iroju'ii to net a H'l .iiiotirir l.es
D.-irrv the A'istrn!'a- rnH '.'vweie' '
v! i :t!ive' ir. (!. ii'in'rv n:iv
:r r .!i-npco;rt"il 'H-'c rirouvh1
v.:Th h'.rr. hi wr. .t:mii i: I
O an. w!;n "V i' .!;t:i ai
t.K lieluerfi iiusiritss :tllairs
BOOTY RECAPTURED
' FROM VILLISTAS IN
CHIHUAHUA BATTLE
Eight Cannon and 6,0C0
ShraDnel Shells Are Recov
1 . r- ii! t
erea at lerreros rrom ma
den Caches.
(By Review Leased Wire)
EL PASO, Jan. 2. An official re
port received here today by Andres
'Garcia, inspector general of Carranza
(consulates, from General Francisco
I Murguia at' Chihuahua City, an
nouncing the capture of a large quan
tity of elements of war in a cache at
Terreros, twenty miles s'outh of the
town of Guerrero in western Chihua
hua was the first admission by tne
Carranza government that Francisco j
Villa had succeeded in obtaining a ! '
large quantity of ammunition and
! A RAW, SORE THROAT
Eases Quickly When You Apply
j a Little IWusterole (
And -Mu5u roIe . r: t Mister like the
old-fashioned mustard plaster. Just
spread it on with your fingers. It pene
trates to the sore spot with a gentle
tingle, loosens the ci'tigesti-ii and Uras
out the srroncss and j ain.
M listen de is a e'ean. w hite ointment
made with oil f mustard. Jt is line for
ir.ick relief for s"re throat, bronchitis.
tonsilitis. croup, stiff neck, asthma, nci-
idigia.- iicauacnc, congestion, plctinsv.
rlicumatisin. jtim!ago, pains and aches of
the hack or joints, sprains, sore muscles,
brrises, chilhl.iins. frosted feet, colds on
the chest fit often prevents pneumonia
Nothing like Musterole for crotipy cliil-,
dren. Keep it liandy for instant use. ;
THE LITTLE PORTABLE GAS HEATER ENABLES YCU
TO QUICKLY CONVERT THE COLDEST ROOM IN
YOUR HOUSE TO WARMTH AND CHEER IT GIVES
fr.Wlfn.vf"! WHERE YOU W
LOIill Oll WHEN YOU WA
LIGHTS AT THE FLASH OF A MATCH CONNECTS
BY A FLEXIBLE METALLIC TUBE AND CAN BE
EASILY MOVED FROM ONE ROOM TO ANOTHER.
QUI
Prices $2.75 to $7.00
BISBEE IffTOVEMENT 00.
The Metropolitan Grand QuarttttJ
which comes t'j the high school audi
torium Thursday nisht, is one 01 the
bixscst numbers in the series sche
duled for Bisbee under the auspices ot
the Warren District Lyceum Course.
Press comment elsewhere has given
the entertainers glowing praise.
The troup while traveling as a quar-
. tette is really a company of soloists,
, having also a young w'oinen accompa -
i nist whose piano interpretations are
arms in Chihuahua City during his oc
Cupation of that place.
J The message stated that 6,000 shrap
I nel shells, 15,000 rounds of rifle cart
j ridges, 400 ritles, eight cannon, a num
l ber of machine guns, hand grenades,
uniforms and army siore3 of various
j !tinds had been recaptured from the
Villa forces under Julio Acosla and
another commander named Orntlas.
This loot v as taken by Villa when he
captured Chihuahua City and was
sent to Terreos on a number of spe-; COMPTROLLER CALLS FOR
cial trains which Villa seized when he j NATIONAL BANKS' REPORTS,
entered the capital. Various estimates WASHINGTON, Jan. 2. The conip
of the amount of this lc,'ot were made ; troiler of the currency today issued a
at the time of th? battle but the ac- j call for the condition of all national
cepted estimate was ir,0 cars of plun-1 banks at the ci'ose of business on Wed
der, including automobiles, wagons, nesday, December 27.
Relieve Your Liver
When ycur liver is out of order, your head, stomach,
bile and bowels suffer with it. That is why a bilious
attack is oiten serious. Ward it off with a few doses of
which gently arouse a sluggish liver, and renew the activities so
necessary to good hedth. They never produce any disagreeable
after-effects. Their prompt use is beneficial to the system, and will
Prevent Bilious Attacks
Direction of Snecia! Value to Votnea are with Every Box
Fl frxs!'ztB th(ousbout the world. In boxes, 10c, 25c
START the New Year RIGHT
Have that long delayed photograph which you
have promised your friends so often, made to
day. Have it made in our studio, too, where you
are certain of the best of service and attention.
RESOLVE TODAY:
To call us up and arrange for a sitting this week
sure
Jacob Schmid Block
Unusually Attractive Prices for High Grade Work.
"ANT IT
WANT IT
SAFE
featured highly. The entertainers give
extracts from Faust, and just enou).h
classical music to vary the popular
selections.
i This is the second number of the
. series of six evenings of entertain
1 meat, the first being by the Scotney
; company a few weeks past. The other
: numbers will be distributed through
; out tiie winter. Tickets are 'on sale
; for the entire series for two dollars.
! The entertainment Thursday night
, will begin at 8:15.
uniforms, blankets, shoes, corn and
other foodstuffs in addition to the
military equipment.
Terreros, where, according to this
telegram, the cache was discovered by
General Hernandez' forces, is on the
Mexico and Oriente Railway. It was
in this vicinity that the running fight
between Villa's followers and United
States cavalry forces occurred last
spring, following theColumbus raid.
.TUDIO
: : Brewery Gulch.
CLEAN
hcC.
1 -i ...
r x .f . - - THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 3, 1917.
Mining and Financial News
BY .. EVIEW
NEW YORK. Jan. 2. Higher quo
tations, some of which were later sub
ject to changes, ushered in the new
year in the stock market. Opening
gains of two to five points, with ir
regular declines' and greater advances
during the forenoon seemed to be
predicated largely on events over the
triple holiday.
Bethlehem Steel was cor.spicuovr
exception in its class, loslrg fifterr
points on a single sale. The usua
specialties, namely sugars, leathers
papers, industrial Alcohol and sue'
utilities as Ohio 0?s and ColuniM
Gas, were variably better but faller"
to enlist any marked interest
Utah Copper led the metals to hig
er levels in the first half of the ses
sion, but that division sagged later
despite an extra dividend on Miami
Copper.
Rails were uneven throughout their
course being in keeping with the ma
ny statements of November earnings.
Total sales of stocks amounted to
950,000 shares. t
Weakness in marks featured the
dealings in foreign remittances, the
rate to Vienna declining sympatheti
cally. International bonds were again ir
regular, with some improvement in
domestic investment issues. Total
sates, par value, $4,7S0,000. U. S.
tonds were unchanged on call.
METALS MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2. Lead 750 at
762. Spelter dull: spot East St. Lou
is delivery 9. Bar silver 75. Cop
per dull; electrolytic first second and
third quarters 28.50 at 29.50. '
CHICAGO GRAINS
CHICAGO, Jan. 2. Soaring prices
In the wheat market today resulted
chiefly from the warlike answer that
the entente allies made on Sunday to
the peace offer from Berlin. After an
extreme ascent of seven cents a bush
el, the market closed unsettled 5 to
5Ti net higher, with May at 1.79 to
1.80, and July at 1.43 to 1.46?;.
Corn gained 1 to 2; and oats 14 to
1. Provisions finished at a range
varying from 22J, decline to a rise of
7 '4 c.
Diminishing supplies in the United
States tended to stimulate sentiment
favoring the bull side of the wheat
market, and so likewise did optimistic
messages from the seaboard referring
to the number of ocean vessels avail
able and to the clearing up of the
railroad freight carrying difficulties.
A disturbing element late in the day
was the circulation of rumors that
Germany soon would attempt to block
ade the British Isles with a fleet of
400 super-submarines.
Corn rose with wheat. Oats readily
follov.-ed the upward course of other
cereals.
Heavy deliveries od January con
torts sef"ed to weiet down the.
price of lard. Pork and rihs. howev
er were In eood reqijos. and cotin
i'ed to hold firn.
MIAMI PAYS 50 CPNTS
EXTRA DIVIDPNH
XW YORK. Jan. 2 An extra divi
dend of 50 cents , sar in additioi
to the Quarterly dividend of $1.50 was
declared here today by th Miami
nnnpr Company.
(Bv T,. J. OrerlocVI
NEW YOPK
Anf-onda i 83V4
American Can 47
American Car '.... 67
American Locomotive 7914
American Smelter i . . . 105
American Sugar 1114
Atchison 104
Baltimore & Ohio 84
Baldwin 59
Chesapeake & Ohio 64
Colorado Fuel & iron 45
Canadian Pacific 163
Crucible 63
Distillers 30
Erie 33
Goodrich 58
Gt Northern Ore 117
Ind Alcohol 116
Marine 25
Marine Tfd .... 84
Maxwell 50
Mexican Petroleum 95
STRAIGHT FORWARD
TESTIMONY
Many Bisbee Citizens Have Profited
By It.
If you have backache, urinary
troubles, days of dizziness, headaches
or nervousness, strike at the seat of
the trouble. These are often the
symptoms of weak kidneys and there
is grave danger in delay. Doan's Kid
ney Pills are especially prepared for
kidney ailment are endorsed by over
40.000 people. Your neighbors recom
mend this remedy have proved its
merit in many tests. Bisbee readers
should take fresh courage in the
straightforward testimony of a Bisbee
citizen.
J. Davies, miner. School Hill, Bisbee,
says: "I used Doan's Kidney Pills sev
eral years ago, when I suffered from
pains In my back. They acted quick
ly and positively. Since then, I have
taken them for annoyances, caused by
weak kidneys and bladder and they
have never failed to help me."
Price 50c, at all dealers. Don't
simply ask for a kidney remedy get
Doan's Kidney Pills the same that
Mr. Davies had. Foster-MIlburn Co..
Props., Buffalo, N. T. (Advertisement)
LEASED WIRE
Midvale. 61
New York Central 103
Vortern Pacific 109
Pennsylvania 56
Reading 102
Republic Steel 79
Rubber 61
"nt'ebaker 103
?teel 109
Vel Pfd 119
t Paul - 91
Southern Pacific 97
nifd Fruit 149
Union Pacific 142
-"-l-?vou9e 54
BOSTON
' '"pTiture . . 3
a Hones 65
Alaska H
Arizona Commercial 14
American zinc 36
"utte Superior 47
Calumet & Arizona 78
lumet & Hecla 540
CMno 54
Copper Range 66
East Butte 15
Granby 89
Green Cananea t 46
Goldfield 70
Hancock 17
Inspiration 58
Indiana 3
Keenecott ,. 46
Keweeuaw 4
Lake '. 16
La Salle 4
Miami 40
Mohawk 97
Mayflower 2
Nevada 23
North Butte 23
Xipissing 8
Old Dominion .' 63
Osceola 87
Pond Creek 21
Quincy 88
Ray Consolidated 26
Shannon 9
Shattuck. '. 25
Tamarack 54
Superior Boston 5
Utah Copper 103
Utah Consolidated :.. 17
Winona 4
CURBS
Arkansas & Arizona 4S
Butte & London 40
Big Jim 1
Big Ledge 3
Cornelia 16
Denn 17
Dundee 1
Emma . 1
Fortuna '. 11
Gold Reed 05
Grand Island 60
Green Monster 2
Hull Copper 45
Inspiration Needles 7-16
Jerome Verde 1
Jerome Victor 1
Magma 3S
"acma Chief
Miami Consolidated 38
'tshiire Jerome 1
Rrv Hercules 4
Pitq
To-, Rood 1.S0
y1trf Astern 4 90
TT"fe-1 Western 05
V-rrfo mansion 3S
'"or" Combination
W-rren 7
oivorine Arizona 1
OATMAN
(By Collins & Breth
erton)
B'd
.06
.18
.05
1.38
.20
.06
.08
Ask
.07
.21
.25
1.40
r-o
. da s
Arizona Rex
Arizona Tom Reed ..
Big Jim
Boundary Cone
Carter Gold
Fessenden
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff
Ivanhoe
.Terome-Oatman
Lucky Boy
Merry Widow
Oatman Combination
Sunnyside
Telluride
Tom Reed ,
United Eastern
United Northern
Green Monster
Butte London
Dundee
Venture Hill
Pittsburg Jeromer . . .
Jerome Verde
Arkansas Arizona . . .
Jerome Portland ....
Inspiration Needles .
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
Wolverine Arizona . .
Miami Mother Lode .
Verde Combination .
Miami Consolidated .
Bisbee Copper
Louisiana Arizona . .
Jerome Daisy
Warren
.12
.15
.06
.15
.10
.16
.22
.25
1.90
5.05
. .18
2.25
1.75
.23
1.62
1.62
.50
.55
.56
.50
1.00
1.65
.50
1.00
.41
1.00
.75
.50
7.50
.08
.13
1.86
4.92
.12
2.12
.41
1.62
1.36
1.37
.48
.44
.45
.87
1.50
.75
.39
.87
7.00
CARRIGAN REFUSES
TO MANAGE RED SOX.
LEWISTOX, Maine. Jan. 2 William
F. Carrigan. manager of the world
Ichampfon Boston American League
baseball team, last year, declined to
. day to continue in that position next
! season, but In response to suggestions
j from Harry H. Frazee, one of the new
j owners of the club, he said he would
j reconsider the matter. His desire to
attend to his banking Interests here
jwas given as the reason t his deter
: mlnation to withdraw from baseball.
so:
SOME INTERESTING
2 t:V
, ' JtiA t
1W
, vyZSZZZV; , .... XDiOXL.
l :.fci q 4i vv. ' ; J
Return of a l-rench airplane after a night trip over tne enemy's lines; -Papa" Jo Ore Bestowing kiss on neroic
soldier; Italian sentry keeping a lonely vigil in the Trentino.
These new photographs furnish interesting sidelights on the great struggle in Europe. The upper pictura
shows how French planes return at night. It is not a simple matter to muke a landing in the dark and thu
searchlisht must be powerful enough to illuminate the surrounding territory and show the way to the air pilot,
beiow is seen an Italian sentry guarding the entrance to an underground dug-out, cut into the snow, "somewhere
in Trentino." General Joffre is aleo seen at his favorite sport of kissing a soldier who has done some deed of
heroism.
MARGUERITE CLARK
IS PARAMOUNT STAR
AT THE ROYAL TODAY
Wonderful Little Actress in
Leadinj? Role of "Little j
Lady Eileen", a Character j
- of the Emerald Isle. i
When lovers meet and wco and wed j
do the silly geese think that they are j
determining their own fates? Do the j
swains believe that they are so hand-
some that the girls cannot resist them ;
and do the lassies think that it is their ,
laughing black eyes and saucy smiles
that lure the men to propose? Then
they ought to pause in their laughter ,
some night and they might catch a '
faint whisper behind them. It is the
fairies discussing whether or not they
are suited to each other! If the fairies
decide that thev are Ill-mated, they !
will ouarrell and part If "they seem
fj the little eaves-droppers to be ideal
ly matched, then they will kiss.
; That, at least. Is what the little Lady
Eileen firmly believes in the Famous
riayers production of that name In
which Mareuerite Clark is starring at
the Royal theatre today. For Eileen
Is Irish, with all the rare charm and
all the imaginative gifts of the Irish
and she believes in the fairies with
all her heart and soul.
And why shouldn't she? If It were
not for them how would she ever have
found her true love and how would she
ever have been rescued from the
drunken brute 'jf an impostor who
married her for her money when she
never knew she bad any herself? Only
the good fairies could have brought
big Stanley Churchill to her when she
never knew that he existed and only
the elfs of the air could have rolled
the giant boulder down upon his flee
ing brother as he galloped away in
cowardly fear after he had nearly ;
killed Stanley for rescuing the cring
ing Eileen. ' j
So It is 'only natural and right that
Eileen should offer prayers of thanks
to the fairies for all her happiness and
for her safe deliverance from misery '
now that she and Stanley are "living
happily ever after." And it Is only
natural and right that the irresistible
The Quinine That Does Not Affect
The Head
Because of its tonic and laxative effect,
Laxative Bromo Quinine can be taken
by anyone without causing nervousness
or ringing in the bead. There is only
one "Bromo Quinine." E. W.
Grove's signature is on each box. 25c.
OFFICES:
Bisbee
Douglas
Globe
Jerome
i Prescott
Phoenix
P. O. BOX 279
SIDELIGHTS ON THE WORLD'S GREATEST WAR
JL. .. . X??--.
little Marguerite Clark should bring
little Lady Eileen into existence on the
screen, as she proves by her equisite
interpretation of the character of this
happy mischievous, charming Irish
girl. It would be manifestly unfair tv
Miss Clark and to the producers to call
"Little Lady Eileen" a second "Molly
Make-Believe," since the story settings
and the character are totally different,
but it is safe to predict that Miss
Clark's latest picture will more than
duplicate the remarkable success
which she scored in the adaptation of
Eleanor Hallowell Abott's celebrated
story.
The creative genius of Director Daw
ley Is given free rein in this piduc
tion, the settings are exquisite and the
story Is so very unusual as to be fasci
nating. As for the star she is Mar
guerite Clark at her best The sup
porting cast Includes Maggie Halloway
Fisher, Vernon Steele, John L. Shine,
Harry Lee, and Russell Bassett
A MOTHER'S TROUBLES
A mother's unending work, and
devotion drains and strains her
physical strength and leaves its mark
in dimmed eyes and careworn ex
pressions she ages before her time.
Any mother who is weary and languid
should start taking Scott's Emulsion of
Norwegian Cod Liver Oil as a strengthen
ing food and bracing tonic to add rich
ness to her blood and build up her
nerves before it is too late. Start Scott's
Emulsion today its fame is world-wide.
It is free from alcohol.
6cott & Bowbc Btoomfidd. U. J.
LYRIC
THEATRE
SPECIAL ESSANAY PROGRAM
A Temperate Town
Three Reel Drama. (
The Rookie
One Reel Comedy.
Admission - - - 5c
NOTE: We have secured the General Film Go's Service
and will show the Essanay feature weekly.
Direct Wire Connection with
Jerome and All Our Offices.
R. ALLYN LEWIS
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL, BISBEE.
JOHN A. CAMPBELL. Manager.
BONDS, STOCKS, INVESTMENTS
Orders Executed for Cash or on Proper Margin
E. F. hutton A Co.'s Private
Leased Wire to All Exchanges
1
If hair's your pride
ide. ft
use
HERPICIDE O
VILLISTAS LOSE
i MANY IN BATTLE
! . (Continued From Pace On
j of which was occupied by General
Murguia and his staff, were under
steam at the station ready to leave
late Saturday night They also re
ported Carranza troops moving south
. from Santa Rosalia when they left
tpre on December 28 for the border:
Villa, they said, was somewhere
stvith of Santa Rosalia as the line was
cut sorth or that station when they
left.
These refueees brought additional
confirmation of the killing of Howard
Gray, or Weeks, Dr. C. H., Fisher and
the disappearance of Alexander Rlc
aud. They also reported that Dr. L.
H. Knopf, a German physician, had
been arrested by Carranza forces at
Jimlnez because of alleged activities
with the Villa army and had been
sent to Mexico City under guard.
Black small pox was reported to be
causing many deaths in Santa Rosa
lia, Camargo and other towns in that
vicinity, and also at Santa Eulalia.
east of Chihuahua City.
CORRESPONDENT
E.F. Hutton & Co.
Members New York
Stock Exchange
TELEPHONE
1S5
COLUNS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
JEBOIE
AND
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
CHICHESTER S PILlS
W THE WIAMOND BKANIK A
m
IMIU la Kr4 and tioM mttailfc
txm. fca:il with B:u RiUioa. 1
Taka ath Rr af nu
Af-T'll. irEt-TFRS
UIA11UMD HSANIt P1LLM. & t
ye knowa m Beat. Satat. a lwys Rciiat M)
SOLO BY CRL'GGISTS EVFKYWHERE
GET THE BENEFIT OF
Oatman
Stocks
1
George Graham Rice
COMMISSION BROKER AND DEALER IN
SECURITIES
27 William Street
Phones. 793, 794.
YOUR ORDERS INVITED FOR
THE PURCHASE AND SALE OF
ALL GRADES OF SECURITIES
Industrial, Oil, Metal Mining, Utility
and Investment Issues bought and
sold in all markets for cash or carried
on conservative margin account.
Special facilities enjoyed for the
transaction of business in Jerome,
Bisbee and other Arizona Mining se
curities dealt in on the New York
and Boston markets
BROKER AND DEALER IN COP
PER, ZINC, LEAD, LEAD-SILVER,
SILVER AND GOLD SE
CURITIES. Daily Market Letter, $1 a month
My Industrial and Mining Age, pub- u 0
lished weekly, $5 a year, and my
analyze industrials, oils, and mine
and market conditions affecting in
dustrials, metal markets, the Arizo
na, Couer d'Alene, Utah and other
copper, lead, silver, lead-silver and
zinc stocks, along with the Gold
fields, Tonopahs, Cobalts and Porcupines.
I solicit a share of your business in
all classes of securities.
YOUR INQUIRIES AS WELL AS
YOUR ACCOUNT SOLICITED
GET THE BENEFIT OF
Walter HarveyWeed
Prominent Mining Engineer and Ge
ologist, Reporting on the property of
GreatRay
Copper
Co.
v- ?
Says: "I recommend the development'
of the Great Ray Copper Company ;
property as a legitimate, speculative '
mining venture, and believe it merits
an expenditure sufficient to determine
by drilling whether or not the miner
alization of the area is rich enough to
warran: mining. If It proves to be so,
THE PROPERTY WILL BE
A MINE OF THE FIRST
MAGNITUDE."
j
I A limited amount of stock can now
, be had, 30 cents per share.
' This stock will advance to 50 cents
after January first.
SMITH & MACGREGGOR,
I D1
UIUSCI9.
Lowell, Arizona.
A PERSONAL SERVICE
New York
836. 4925 Broad
A PERSONAL SERVICE 4
'-'
SEVEN
THE B15BLE DAILY kEVlEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 3, 1917.
)
' )
i
j
-1
.:-4
-; 5
-a
-1
4
1
.
:'l
: - I
' 4
i.
,
.- ,
if V
: I
L. - , f,Wft5" !? :JJ1', StVT it-A1-" . fait
Review Want Ads
Avertl3ments nndeT tfc ead
woe witt & minimum char of 25
ievlew of3ce not Inter than 4 p. m.
Wanted
WANTED Old rags wanted at Re
view office.
L.
WANTED-rUnfurnished rooms.
B., Review officer
51
WANTED A lady housekeeper, one
who can help tend store. Inquire
Home Industry Furniture store, op
posite Bank of Lowell, Lowell, Ariz.
106
Furnished Room$
FOR RENT Furnished batching
' room, 14 Tate Hill, Johnson Addi
tion. 63
For Rent
FOR RENT 2 unfurnished rooms
with clothes closet and pantry. Ap
ply 55 Mason Hill. 109
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
L. B. WHITNEY, Lawyer, Rooms 5-6 '
Allen Block, Open evenings. Phone
547. (103) j
Bisbee Mattress and upholstering
work, Hughes Block. We make ov- j
er old mattresses as good as new. j
Free delivery. Phone 734. 4S4 .
Miscellaneous I
For job carpenters call 11.
561
New map of Bisbee-Warren mining
district free on request. Arizona-!
Bisbee Copper Company, Room 8,
Maze Building, Bisbee, Arizona. 633
Learn actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A., Los Angeles. Cat
alogs free. 955
'50,000 to loan on Improved city prop
erty or for building. On easy terms
of payment T. A. Hughes, over
Bank of Bisbee. 923
FOR SALE Highest cash prices paid
for second band furnitore, Etoves,
clothing and tools. Dncle Jim's.
Brewery Culch. Tl
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for ' all
kinds of work in our line. Pat Clea
ry, manager, Box 1495. Phone 720.
Positions Wanted
WANTED Position by experienced
stenographer. B. D., Review. 82
LOST
LOST Diamond sunburst. Return to
Mr. Emil Marks receive liberal re
ward. 10S
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS.
PETEY DINK Petey Was J
Vqo
Nfac
at the rtiie of 1 cen: per word Cor etch
cents. Advertise-tents must reach Tb
tor Insertion In the nett morning pape
For Sale
FOR SALE Ford car cheap. Apply
F. M. Lacy, 152 Temby Avenue, 78
! FOR SALE Pool table. Apply Mexi-
' can club, O. K. Street. 107
' FOR RENT Two front rooms reason-
i a HI a Pallav Vnf Pmnarv f"! 1 1 1 n Vl
E. Bushong. prop.
FOR SALE 15 rooming and boarding
house 80 boarders. All rooms full
Answer M. J. R., Review. ' 10
FOR SALE 1,000 shares of Venture
Hill Mining stock at 18 cents. J. E.
Clemings, P. O. Box 928, Globe, Ari
zona. S3
FOR SALE 200 shares Santa Cruz
Eisbee Mining 0., 45c a share. G.
L., Review. S4
FOR SALE A new six room concrete
and frame house. Opera Hill No. 68,
with lot suitable for boarding house
. $1700. One thousand cash, balance
$25 monthly. Milo Rafaelovich, P. O.
Box 1695. SO
FOR SALE Don Luis 5-room house
and 2 lots, 4 choice lots at a bar
gain. Apply M. C. High, Allen
Block, Real Estate. 56
THE MOOSE HOTEL 0!d Kinney
House) Furnished rooms $2 per
week and up. with gas; also light
housekeeping rooms. 178
FOR SALE Ford touring car at a
bargain. See Robinson, Brophy
Garage, Lowell. 543
FOR SALE One ton Studebaker
delivery truck. Good condition,
cheap if taken at once. K. R. Win
stead, Lowell Haberdashery. 20
FOR SALE One stripped down rac
ing car, a bargain if taken at once.
K. R. Winstead, Lowell Haberdash
ery. 20
FOR SALH One six room house and
four lots, one block from car line.
Tombstone Canyon. Inquire E. J
Beyer, Miners & Merchants Bank
532
FOR SALE K. B. Mason' property.
Lowell, containing over 1 acre,
known as Mason Corral. Inqnire
E. B. Mason" 716 Calmar Ave, Oak
land,. Calif 140
FURNITURE FOR SALE The John
aoa Addition Furniture Co. wants
to pay you the highest cash prices
for your second hand furniture. Al
so wauts to trade or exchange you
new furniture for your old. We will
sell you furniture cheaper than
anybody on easy payments. Call
in at the big bick building at the
Johnson Addition and let us show
yon our large and selected stock ol
house furnishings, or phone us at
our store. Phone 3S5, Johnson Ad
dition.
ist Jumping at Conclusions
Again.
PcTtri DAC-
wmgvm The
NEW
' r J
! ASout
V-, $ -ft' I
Sg-M :
3 0b
COURT TO DETERMINE
ARIZONA GOVERNOR
(Continued from pace one.)
versation, kept hysterically pattins
Campbell's shoulder and talking about
having a fair and equitable determi
nation of the issue. Laid acted as
the spokesman. The office was jrrac
ed by the presence of several Hunt
supporters, but they took no part in
the parley.
At the court house the contest pro
ceedings were renewed with the in
spection of ballots by three boards.
There were no developments of inter
est here, except the introduction wf
another of his many stipulations by
Senator Ives. This stipulation was
turned down by the contestee's attor
neys on the ground that to be fair to
both sides, the court must take cog-
I nizance of all ballots.
Partisans are claiming for each con
testant a hopeful tone in the ballot
inspection, and although the Demo
crats do not specify the precincts in
which they note changes, and the Re
publicans do, the Democratic claim is
for a gain of 96 votes for Hunt.
Hunt Wins One Vote '
The Republican inspectors concede
Hunt a gain of one vote (undisputed
ballots) in the eight counties finished.
The totals for the eight counties are
as follows:
Official count; Hunt 14.976, Camp
bell 17.8S5; inspectors count. Hunt
14,911, Campbell 17,819; disputed bal
lots. Hunt 163, Campbell 1S1.
As a part of the formal proceedings
of the demand for possession of the
executive chambers the former gover
nor issued the following letter:
As a part of the formal proceedings
of the demand for possession cf the
executive chambers, the governor is
sued the following letter addressed to
Governor Campbell:
"Dear Sir: In view of the gross mis
representation to which I have been
subjected recently by the newspapers
who are championing your cause-1
.have committed to writing my reply
to your anticipated formal demand for
possession of the recrd3 of the gov
ernor's office and hand it to you forth
with. "It is my understanding that after
a conference between my attorney, Mr.
Ives, and your attorneys, Mr. Ives
signed a stipulation whereby he agreed
to answer and argue a mandamus pro
ceeding immediately upon your filing
(the same, providing copies were given
ij him forty eight hours pricr to the
filing. If your attorneys had given him
such papers Saturday he would have
been prepared to argue the mandamus
proceedings this morning after your
attorneys had filed them. He advised
me that your attorneys will not file
the mandamus papery until .TJhprsday.
He personally would have preferred
that the matter of right to possession
should have been judicially determined
today.
"If the supreme court should hold
that you are entitled to the temporary
FAMILY AVOIDS
SERIOUS SICKNESS
By Being Constantly Supplied WiiL
Thedf ord't Bladc-DracgLt.
McDuff, Va. "I suffereif for severs!
rears," says Mrs. J. B. Whiitaker, ol
(his place, "with bide headache, and
stomach trouble.
Ten years ajio a friend told me to try
Thedford's Black-Draught, which I did,
and I found it to be the best family medi
cine for young and old.
I keep Black-Draught on hand all the
ame now, and when my children feel a
iltle bad. they ask mc for a dose, and it
does them more good than any medicine
ihey ever tried.
We never have a lonij spell of sick
jess in our family, since we commenced
ising Black-Draught."
Thedford's Black-Drnupht is purely
.'egetabie, and hes teen found to regu
ale weak stomachs, aid digestion, re
ieve indigestion, colic, wind, nausea,
leadache, sick stomach, and similar
symptoms.
It has been la corstent use for more
han 70 years, and has benefited mere
han a million people.
Your druggist sells and recommends
Jlnck-Drauht. Fuce o. j. Get a
iiackaee to-day. k. c 123
- .
wtvicviuG Avf
Voo.DM r Do
A MlUJOM DouAfi'i
T MP
ERtTAfcLC. ANt
sJa
1 'Z M tit r -
em
Iff.
i! vTa
possession I would immediately I urn'
it over t you tv.A congratulate you
upon you iempoiary occupancy 'jf tlia 1
oliiee. K i.n the o(!ier hand the court
should decide that you are not entitle;,
to the temporary possession then, as
the presL'iu incu.nbcnt. I under1
the law, hold "J.!t until the right ot I
the office be established. I
"My only purpose is to proceed with
all possible despatch to terminate the
dispute and to abide in all respect3
with tiie law. In order that no mis-!
understanding regarding my present
attitude may arise, I shall hand copies j
of this communication to the local
representatives of the press with per- j
mission to publish it at their pleasure. '
"Very respectfully,
"GEORGE W. P. HUNT.
"Governor of Arizona."
During the morning. Secretary Ladd .
issued the following statement:
"Governor Hum's position regarding j
the governorship contest, so far as I .
understand it, is briefly to await a
extermination by the courts, h'jping, '
meanwhile that such determination I
may be speedily ascertained. In view
of the dilatory tactics employed by
Campbell's counsel in resisting an in
spection of the ballots and in the ligtn
also of the fact that the inspection so
far has shown a net gain of ap
proximately 100, offsetting Campbell's
plurality several limes t)ver, Governor
' Hunt seemingly is not disposed to in
vite indeterminate delays by surren
dering possession of the office. I deem
is not improbable, however, that Hunt
would -not regard temporary possession
of the oflice as being so material were
the Campbell attorneys disposed to co
operate in a speedy ascertainment of
the votes actually cast and judicial
findings based thereon. To discover
the Sentiment of the people as ex
pressed by the ballots and to abide by
such sentiment whether favorable or
unfavorable has, in brief, been Mr.
Hunt's attftude since the inception oi
the contest."
PHOENIX, Jan. 2. Doth sides in
the governor's cor.tent are awaiting
the decision of the supreme court on
Thursday on the application of coun
sel for Governor Campbell for a writ
of mandamus to compel Governor
Hunt to turn over his office and pap
ers. Campbell, accompanied by his coun
sel, this morning called upon Hunt
and after a friendly greeting mailt- a
formal demand for possession of the
office. Hunt formally refused to sur
render it until after action by the
court on the writ of mandamus. Camp
bell in the meantime, i:-. awaiting the
decision anil from his residence is
performing such official duties as are
brought to his attention.
Mail to Caiipbefl
All mail .adiretsed to the office of
the governor imiejs aJOresynd to Gov
ernor Hunt in person, is sent to Gov
ernor Car.-.pbcll by the postal auiiicri
ties. Thy county authorities in their
dealings with the governor's office
are recognizing Campbell.
Various appointive officials whose
resignations had been requested by
Governor Hunt, have informed Gov
ernor Campbell that their resienn
tions will be forwarded only on hit
request. Continue Contest
The inspection of the ballots in tiie
contest was resumed today. ThU
was preceded by a proposition by Eu
gene S. Ives, counsel for Governc
Hunt, to stop the inspection at tin
point it had reached.; each nide to
make up its cas? on tiie discoveries
already ninde. Irasmmh as the bai
lots of the count hs of Cochise an
G'la whTe Governor Hunt had re
reived heavy niejoritii'S, had n-.it yet
een inspected, counsel for Cauiphel!
rejected i.ir prom.siiicn. The ballots
of these two counties 'and I'inal were
then taken up by ;h" three inp".tioi
boards. The ballot box from o'ie pre
cinct of Gila coenty. containing 4(f
ballots, is missing though it is mrhu"
ed in the official returns from the
county. The Hunt inspectors claii
to have discovered eleven clerical er
rors in the ballots gone over todsy
C'amplell inspectors "deny that t"1
dsy's work has resulted in any mr
terial change. 1.
Hurt looiIit i:;st"i a .la'encr
saying that he is hutdin the otfic
vv it li:-t;:tlIinu; ( 'ampl ell's i-eriit:
cale of clecli'in liecawse l!:o iiisper
1 tinn so far nhows hiui lo he in tbf
I lead.
it For
ENECTt
FRENCH DKCOu
.-NMEKICA' '
' - ..I'" ' .
f- :vi
V i
i -
3
yjr
f 1 ..
ft. , .v..-.
Neman C Lei.
Nonr.an C. l.vj of New York city
rr.:1 i'.mv with t;ie American anil.u
lar.ee corps in '.-"ir.ico hss re?eivod a
mafia I for tiislinpru:; -'he 'I confitv-t and
eo.ir!!cuo"s hi a-.'?: v Ho f)rov -in
:.ul a:v.''J'a"ce
half r. mil- r'o-
I cll-.-iW, 1.1 j-na-l r.i Y?rii'"i '
v!:.'ii his own n:s;-r:r-' " ' '
w.ii! -.'. cno'.her ";-f :'- t.-
:he ui'.con.ci:'s fi: i 'cr -f
:i 11' iliir.ce. tiir-: r-ri-j-.l 'I
I ft 1 over th : v ' '- v'-' '
!e the h'j. :n :--'"
!re.
FCF:
L'IL'3 MIt.N tt't;ttS AjiO CO!-
Alterative;
sou r.r all leadjxc Dctccrsra
GOVERNORS' SCRAP TIES
U? STATE'S FINANCES.
PHOENIX, Jaa 2. State. Treasurer
Johnson today reiused U issue a war
rant for money I'j the state livestock
commission. This means that pending
a determination of the gubernatorial
contest the finances of the state in
cluding salaries will probably be tied
up.
Diamond Match Co. announces spe
cial dividend to employees varying
iroin 6 percent to It percent on earn
;:igs for year.
TO EXTRADITE ELANCETT.
ALol'QI'LKQ'.'E. Jan. 2. Chief J.
.v. Gaii'.sha. of the Aihuriiei ijue police
.lerartnsent.'left !;il3 toniaht for Olyi:.
pia. Washington, bearing Governor
IcDonuid j ftitieu on the governor
i V.'a.-hingion. for E. W. I.lancctt,
har;;eil with murdering C. D. Ar.nour,
imsing tourist.
YOU'RE BILIOUS! LET
"CASCARETS" LIVEN
LIVER AND BOWELS
Don't stay headachy, consti
pated, sick, with breath
and stomach sour.
Get a I'l-cent box now.
You men and v.oiuen who enn't set
jelinu riht who have headache,
oatei! tonuue, bad taste aad foul
reatii. dr.zini-ss, can't sleep, are bil
'jus, nT 011s aiid up.-et, hotuerod with
: si: K. Ra.sy, di;;erd rcil Mo:i.ach, or
.ave a b.nl cold.
Are ycju ke pins your bowels clean
1 iih Cuscarets, or merely farcins; a
tassaspway every few days with salts,
athartic pills or castor oil?'
Cascarets work while you sleep:
leanse the sv'oniach. remove the sour.
;nd:sested. fermenting food and foul
;ases; take the excess bile from the
.ver and carry out of the system all
he constipated waste matter and
toison in the bowels.
A Caesir.'t tivniut will straighten
oil out by niornim; a lucent box
iVni any di'ii- store will keep your
tomach sweet, liver and howth; regu
ur. and le ;hI clear for fontlis. Don't
on;et tiie children. They lo.ve ('as
arcto because tliey taste uood never
;rir or sleki-n. ( Aderti-eiiient'
W'a rCCKi Aur :
"v
i
'.'."iX
4:
Oc
IT.
:;S'i
v- J
..Lodge
WEEK ENDING JANUARY 6 ..
Monday
Tuesday -
Wednesday
Thursday Blue Reg.
Friday 2nd Degree.
Saturday
N. C. BLEDSOE. W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS. Secy. F. &. A. M.
A. M. COLWELL, E. H. P.
C. F. rHlLBKOOK, T. I. M.
J. E. FRY, E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secy. Chapter &
Comniandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secy. Council.
w
Ktgular meeting Drat and thtro
l-Yiday of each month. Visiting broth
era cordially Invited to attend.
'HARLtiS S BEAR,, Exalted Rule'
"R a COOVER Secretary.
8'SaEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F
meet ever?
sH!??!. Wednesttaj
ir:'5J Odd FeUow
Hail, Main street at 7:00 p. m., and
special meetings on Sunday at 1:30
p. m. Visiting brothers cordially in
tted lo attend. Hall pnono 119
JAMES ii. SULLIVAN, N. G.
G. A. PLUNKETT. Secretarj
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNiTED STATES OF AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L O. L. f 10.
-U In L O
v. F. Hall sec
ond and fourth
Saturday at
7:30 p. m. Via
t'ag Brother
cordially In
vlted to attend
JAS. CAM L' ft
ON, V. M
ROBT FERGUS. Secy.. Box 26
Bisbee.
I. O. B. M.
Meets first and thtro
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
in Medigovica Hall All
visiting Red Men invited
i to attend.
JOHN KELLY. Sachem.
; W. D. COHEN, diciae Man
i F. C. FENDER SO. ?. of R.
NJOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meet in Medlgovicti
bail, tccond and fourth
Tuesdays each month.
Visiting Drotuers wel
come HOMER C. TREES
Councilor
W. A. CUNNINGHAM
Recording Sec'y.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
,01 Cochise County, State of Arizona.
I In tha Matter ot the Estate of Saraa
A. Kelly, Deceased..
I NOTICE OF HEARING PETITION.
I Notice is htnby given that Gi'jrge
J. McCabe has tiiea in this Court a
certain document purporting to be the
last Will ana Testament 01 Sarah A.
Kelly together with uis petition pray
ing mat said document be admitted
' to prolate in tins Court as the last
.Viil and 'i'eM.iinent ot suid Sarah A.
Keil who, taid petitioner alleges, is
deceased, and that letters testament
ary issue thereon to said petitioner,
and that same will be heard on Satur
day ihe 2itn day of January. A. D.
1017. at 10:00 o'clock in the forenoon
ol said day, at tae court room of said
Court, in the Court House. In the City
of Tombstjne, County of Cochise.
State of Arizona, and ail persons inter
ested in said estate are notified theu
and there to appear and show cause,
if any they have, why the prayer of
;aid petitioner should not be granted.
J. E. JAMES,
Clerk.
Hy C L. ALLEN.
I Deputy Clerk. .
Dated Tec-ember 2!th, 1916.
First publu ation Dec. ;il. 191i.
C VASUT
' I J! 7 J": "t-,;-SR. AMD MxTT
To ty? AT
ccausiovt-s-
;!
1
1
ft
1
Notices...
KNtGHTS OF PYTHIA
Rathbone Lodge No i
Kalghta of Prtht
meet each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellow Hall at 7:36
p. m. Visiting brother
cordially Invited
T. M. ENOCHS. C. C
J. C. KRIGBAUM. K. or II b
T. F. B
KRATEHNAL
BOTHERHOtJi
Bisbee Lodge Nt
152 meets the Is
mm
j-p- a n1 3rd Monday
N-L' JjW of each month a
7:30 at Odd Fel
lows' HaU Viol.
'ng tuembers cordially Invited
H. L. FENNER, President
RS C. Vi FINOTTL Tresur .
Box 72, Tel 206. Red
ATI! ERIN' E SALHOLM. awmui
6ISBEE LODGE NO. 71a
Meets every triday nlgnt, Moooj h
siting brothers, cordially invitw
J. V. PETTEY, Dictator
KAY ROSS. Secretar
GOLDEN
RULE ENCAMPMtN1
No. &
L O. O. F. meets
every second and
fourth Friday at
7:30 p. m. Odd Fel
lowsbalL All visit
lag Patriarchs are
welcome.
H P. KING. C. P.
F. C FENT)ERSO!
Scriba
O. E.
Bisbee Aerie i.
F. O. E. meets Mrs
and third Mondays
i p. m., at Med ?o
vtch hall. Visitors cordially welconi
J. A. LAMBERT. President
M. D. COHEN. Aerie F-ic'ia
KNIGHTS AND LAD. 3
OF SECURITY.
BUbee Council No. 2115 me-.ts la
Medigovlch Hall every second end
r'ourth Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAV. Fret
E. L1NDQUIST, Fin. Box 3246, Lowell
;NEZ McKINNEY, Box 34:5. Lowil.
WOODMEN CIRC--P
Meets in Mediicovico Hall 2nd and
.,v Fridays of each month. 304
ELLEN FOLLEY, Guardian
PAULINE F. BROWN. Clerk.
P. O. Box 621
Advertifenient
MODERN VOODMEN Of AMERICA
Eisbse Camp No
13415. Meet first Tues
day at Odd Fellow
HaU.
GEORGE E1TING.
Cfctsul
H. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
- w
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
Pearl Chapter No
meets In Masonic Hal)
second and fourth Tues
day of each month at
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARD.
Worthy Matron.
Phone 20 P. O. Box 81. Bisbee.
MRS. JESSE BEVAN, Sec'y. F. O. Box
2299. Chairman Relief Com. Phone M'
PYThiAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple No. 3. meets every JM
and 4th Thursday evening of cacb
month at Odd Fellows' Hall Visiting
sisters are cordially Invited. IS
OLIVE BAILEY. M. E. C
j HONORA MUNCH. M. of R. C
WOODMEN OF THE WJRLD
meet 1st and 3rd Wcd
B'jsday at 7-30 Brophy
Hail.
I . . K. E JACOBS, C. C.
J -.. is o B THOMAS. Clerk
Sy C. A. Voight
oh Viei.-
Thais 3)fteut1
-WV4V
SA4 So
1
P I
CZ30
mm
l ta
1 AV, :.JVV
I - .-. V ... .i." : . 1
i.i m -mm
."rcri- EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 3, 1917.
PHEUM THEATRE
Tonight Only. Quality First. Tonight Only
SWEETEST GIRL IN THE WORLD
VIOLA DANA
IN
The Light of
appiness
A Five Act Metro-Wonderplay of Beauty, Romance and
Power.'
SPEEDERS FINED.
Maik P. John of I.owell and G. W.
Hanson of Warren, were arrested ves-
! terday for speeding and the latter
i paid u line of $10 before Justice of
Sjtiie I'eace J. L. Winters of Jewell.
si Tlie arrests were made by rjeniity
Sheriff Jack Ryan.
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
Strictly fresh epps direct from
poultry ranch. D5 rents per do2cn. 11.
RETURN FROM MOUNTAINS.
I J I.. Red" r,:iTinon and O. W. Wolf
ilx.ih of luiin hiv intended in borne
i iiiiiiirif; t tii i f ih Die Hiiacliiii a l.ian
i tains have n turned from llie lull r
! looking (till lor llie iiniitial assessment
! work on their property. Both have
j faith in the region and declare that
j there is considerable prospect work
; goins on there at the prrsent lime.
PATHE WEEKLY, NO. 93
Showing Current Events of the Week.
ADMISSION
10 AND 15 CENTS.
S.o- "Ji--1-31 TV.
! I
The Home of Real Reel Features.
Continuous from I to 10.
DANIEL FROHMAN PRESENTS
MARGUERITE CLARK
In a Fanciful Romantic Photoplay
"Lie
Lady Eileen
A PARAMOUNT PICTURE PRODUCED
BY FAMOUS PLAYERS FILM CO.
ADMISSION
10 AND 15CTS.
54f-- r.
4
Central Theatre
Tonight Only. Tonight Only.
Commencing 5:30 P. M.
A REAL WAR PICTURE
Do you like a war picture so vivid that it makes you grip
your seat, so realistic that you think you can hear the
1 shot and shell, so forceful that you feel you were fight
ing. II. B. WARNER
Gives a convincing portrayal of a young man of mystery
in the latest TRIANGLE PLAY tonight
hell 43
Not until the very end are you able to discover his
identity. .
The Triangle Fine Arts Presents
Puppets
A Two Reel Sorrow Slammer.
ADMISSION - - . 10 AND 15 CENTS
COPPER QUEEN DANCE
Copper Queen Hand will give their
regular Wednesday Tiipht dance at
Old Opera House beginning 8:30.
Advertisement. SS
HAS FOOT SMASHED.
Charles O'Neill, a miner at the
Gardner, had his foot badly smashed
j yesterday morning' when a boulder
i fell upon it. He was taken to his
j borne on Brewery Culch. He will b
away from work several werks on ac
count of the injury.
Need glasses? See Dr. Schell the
optometrist and optician of Tucson
at the Copper Queen Hotel on Friday
and Saturday of this week. Special at
tention to children's eyes.
Adveitisement. 105
HERE FROM MIAMI.
William Garrett, formerly connect
ed with the Royal Theatre in Bisbee
in the capacity of operator, is a visit
or, is a visitor in the city. He is rep
resenting a state's risht film feature,
mlled "The Cov.puncher," and hat
booked the play for the Orpheum and
Central theatres. According to Gar
rett both Globe and Miami are very
prosperous.
COMING
Dr. Schell, the well known Opto
metrist and optician of Tucson, will
be at the Copper Queen Hotel on his
regular visit on Friday and Saturday
of this week. If you need glasses for
weak or failing eyes, headaches, ner
cousness, etc., call on him for expert
service. Special attention to chi!
dren's eyes. Advertisement. 105
POLICE COURT WORK.
Police court fines for the month of
December, 1916, represented the sec
ond largest amount ever collected in
Bisbee. The amount was $1167.50
The number of arrests was 123. Or
top of the amount $350 in bond oi
practically fine moneys, is in the
bands of the city on trials which have
not been settled or which have been
appealed.
Ride an the American Stage Line
Bisbee to Douglas. Phone 366.
OUT OF HOSPITAL.
Karl Arborn, of Los Angeles, who
arrived in Bisbee to visit his parents
I just before Christmas and who was
seized with an attack of appendicitis
left the C. &. A. hospital yesterday,
rearly recovered from the operation.
TUCSON MAN IN.
C. S. Scott, an insurance man ol
! Tucson, is -a business visitor in tho
, Warren District and will remain here
several days.
REMOVAL NOTICE
Dr. Sara Higdon and John T. Saun-
i ders now located in the Muheim
; Building, Brewery Gulch, Rooms 12 &
14. Advertisement 52
LEAVES FOR COAST.
W. H. Gadd. of Bisbee. left last
evening for Los Angeles where he
will remain a week or two on business
IN FROM HEREFORD.
Lin Kelly and Dan McGowan, pros
' pectors and ranchers of the San Pe
dro Valley, were visitors in Bisbet
yesterday from their home. Both state
j that the Huachucas have been cov
ered with snow for some days.
Tailor made suits, satisfaction or
; money refunded. Millard & Bat em an
; Leading Tailors. Allen Block.
Advertisement.
BOWLING COMMITTEE MEETS.
! The bowling committee of the V.
M. C. A. Is calling a special meeting
tonight at 7:30 and the committee Is
1 extending an invitation to all bowl
ing fans to be present. Matters of
; considerable importance will be dis
cussed and the advice and council of
. the fans are desired.
SOME RACE FACTS.
According to 1 several people who
followed the motorcycle race closely
on Sunday, good weather would have
enabled the racers to make much bet
ter time than was made in the event.
The road for ten miles out of Tucson
Are you nervous? Do you
have Headache? Are you
wearing the right kind of
Glasses?
Dr. R. GLAZE, Neurologist,
10 and 1 1 Maze Building.
Phone 156.
was a literal mud puddle. Billy Ryan,
the Bisbee boy who won the race, was
delayed for three minutes at Benson
by a freight train being across the
right of way. He was again delayed
a short distance out of Tombstone
when his engine went hot. Between
Forest Station and Douglas he was
stopped live times by the same trou
ble. The road was far from being in
good condition, throughout. Of the
nine men who started but four fin
ished. Five went into the ditch along
the route. One rider had his wrist
hrnken and another sustained several
broken ribs by spills.
A ear every hour, Bisbee to Doug
I las. Good cars and careful drivers.
I American Stage Line. Phone 366.
Advertisement
Dr. Plavfair. Osteopath. 98 Mason
j Hill, Mason Hill car stop.
, (Advertisement)
$;" uiKiilUil for lailor-nuide citits
wiili extra, trousers, $:!7.5o. .Miller's
Shirt and Hat Shop. Main St.
Advertisement.
RETURNS TO COLLEGE.
Miss Ruth Campbell, daughter ol
John A. Campbell, manager of the
I.cwis Brokerage Company, left Inst
night for Tucson where slie is a stu
dent in the University of Arizona. At
Lowell Miss Campbell was joined by
Miss Katherlne McKean who is also
a student at the I, of A. Both young
women have been visiting their par
nits in the Warren Distii'l durinf
'he Christmas holilas.
For sorts. Corns, Uunlor.s li.-gro'
ng nails see Morrow Chiropodist, '.
iotrs frotn City Park, Brewery Gulcl
(511) (Advertisement
IN FROM VALLEY.
Jim Dye, old time Bisbeeite and now
a rancher in the Sulphur Springs val
ley, was a visic.ir in Bisbee yesterday
So, also, was Fred Spaulding.
GOES TO COAST. ..
Mrs. Ruth Sargent, the cashier of
the New Edelweiss- Cafe on Brewery
Gulch, left last evening for San Fran
cisco, where she will visit friends and
relatives for the next two weeks.
TARIFF ON COPPER
W BE IMPOSED 10
KT II. 3. DEFICIT
WAYS AND MEANS COMMITTEE
LOOKS AROUND FOR CHANCE
TO TAX EVERYTHING TO RAISE
$125,000,000.
DOUGLAS VISITOR. ,
W. B. Ford, night clerk nt the Gads
den Hotel in Douglas, was a visitor
in Bisbee yesterday for several hours
Ford and Red Gannon, of Bisbee, were
classmates in school in the state of
Maryland.
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE
Irwin Studio. Main Street. 85'
Advertisement
THROUGH TO PHOENIX.
Charles M. Roberts, one of the state
senators from Cochise county and o
resident of Willcox, passed through
Osborn yesterday morning on his way
o Phoenix for the opening of the state
'egislature which takes place next
Monday morning.
O. K. RESTAURANT
First class service. Regular die
'er 35c. We put up buckets for min
rs. Try our special miners lunch
Satisfaction guaranteed. Everything
new and clean. Open all night. Give
is a t'lal. Advertisement.
FROM BUTTE.
F. C. Lunch and C. O. Driscoll. two
Butte miners, have arrived in Bisber
and will remain here. They report
that the weather in the Montana metro
polis is something frightful, being be
low zero at all times. They both add
that Bisbee is a summer resort, com
aratively.
GREAT FIRE RECORD.
Bisbee's fire department is entitled
to much credit for the record of 1916
In regard to its fire losses. The peo
ple of the city are also entitled to a
share of the credit The Posses for
the year, as compiled by Chief B. V.
Norton, amount to $2,272. The Insur
ance loss for the same period was
$1,252. The total losses for the last
six years, -including 1910, amount to
$40,802.
AFTERNOON FROCK
FOR BALM BF.ACII
"a. S
2 ' ,
PEACE
nf mind and benlfi of body can be ob
tained by visiting the dentist regular
ly. Dr. Teufert, Maze BIdg., Sanitary
Dental office Advertisement 363
DIVIDEND NOTICE
United Verde Extension Mining Co.
Dividend No. 3
At a meeting of the Directors of the
I'nited Verde Extension Mining Com
' pnny. held on December 28th, 1916,
' a dividend of 50 cents per share unon
the outstanding capital stock of this
. company vul declared, payable Feh
' ruary 1st, 1017. to the stoc kholders '.'
i r cord ut close of business January
10th, 1917.
C. P. SANDS, Treasurer,
23.1 Broadway, New York.
Advertisement, 104
1 I
kV f v i i
I
4 & t i
. .
tsn an.
This afternoon IrooK is ideal for
Talm B.ch and other winter resorts.
It is made of novelty satin stripe ma
terial. The collar of the waist and
the cuffs are cf the same material
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2. The prob
lem of raising additional revenue for
the government to avert the threat
ened deficit at the end of the next
fiscal year has assumed such propor
tions that administration leaders in
congress are reviewing the entire
free list to consider the advisability
fif placing tariff duties on other com
modities than coffee, rubber and wool
and increasing the present tariff on
suaar.
Revenues, to be dtiiVtl from these
four sources will fall far below the
-iim needed, unless there is a radical
revision upward of the tariff duties
originally proposed on them. Esti
mates placed before the ways and
means committee by treasury depart
ment experts are said to show that
under a maximum tariff of five per
cent these four commodities would
ield not more than $50,000,000 annu
ally and probably not more than $45.
000,000. Secretary MsAdoo estimates
that approximately $125,000,000 will
have to be raised by taxation in addi
tion to sums to be derived frompro--Hised
bond issues.
The chief remaining articles on the
free list not eliminated by the policy
of non-disturbance of such big Indus
tries as the iron and steel trade, in
clude cocoa, drugs, undressed furs and
skins, meats, oils, potatoes, silk and
tea.
Tariff on Copper?
Other articles on the free list un
derstood to have been virtually elimin
ated from consideration are copper and
iron ores and leather. A host of minor
articles also are on the free list and
on these estimates have been furnish
ed the committee showing the amount
if revenue which small tariff duties
would yield.
Additional sources tf revenue under
consideration by the committee in
clude articles on which the internal
revenue bureau collects an excise tax,
notably tobacco. . Tobacco already is
under heavy excise and tariff taxes, but
some officials feel that considerably
more revenue could be raised by im
posing additional taxes which would
not add appreciably to the cost to the
consumer.
Indications were that President Wil
son will leave the problem to the ways
and means committee. ,
FALSE ALARM.
A bon fire in the rear of James Al
lison's property in Tombstone Canyon,
yesterday afternoon about 6 o'clock,
was the occasion for a fast run by the
fire department The department dis
covered it had been called by mistake
and the tire was put out without the
aid of the firemen.
GOES TO PHOENIX.
Oscar Zapf, of Bisbee, will leave
Bisbee tomorrow for Ph'jenix where
he will, undoubtedly, secure a clerk
ship in the lower house of the state
legislature. Zapf was assistant chief
clerk of the second state legislature
in the house and made a very credit
able showing. It is very possible that
he will be made chief clerk at this
session.
TO TOMBSTONE.
Miss Elsie Toles left Bisbee for
Tombstone yesterday to take fever the
office of county superintendent of
schools to which she was elected in
November. Miss Toles has not ap
pointed an assistant as yet and her
selection will be watched by many in
terested people In the county.
DAN HOLLAND DIES.
Dan Holland, one of the best known
miners of the country and known,
familiarly, at "The Yaqul Scout", died
at the C. & A. hospital last evening
as a direct result of the accident which
befell him early Christmas morning,
when he was blown from his tent, on
the side of a hill On Juniper Flats, to
a gulch. He sustained a broken col
lar bone and internal injuries in the
fall. The body is being held by the
ralace Undertaking company pending
receipt of word from a brother as to
its disposition.
FOLK DANCES RESUME.
Folk dancing classes are assembling
again at the Y. W. C. A. following the
passing of the holidays. The children's
class will meet this afternoon and the
young women's class this evening. Un
der the tutilage of Miss Lillian Wag
ner several scores of young women are
studying the dances.
BOOZE TABOOED BY
BISBEE CITY COUNCIL
(Continued from Page D
passed to eliminate cenain evils with
which the city Is cursed and promises
to co n long way in thnt direction.
After the preamble and Section 1.
which repeats practically the word
ing of the constitutional amendment
on Intoxicating liquors, the ordinance
states:
'it shall be unlawful to keep or
Our CASE-EMPTYING SALE
The twice-a-year occasion that sweeps a low price
wave through our stock of women's and children's wear
ing apparel and features values that afford a saving of
fered at no other time of the year. The wonderful busi
ness done Monday has proved that the opportunity to
buy "the kind of apparel we sell" at generously reduced
prices is greatly appreciated. rSetter come in today
you couldn't come too far for values like these.
Our Women's SUITS
Regular Prices range
at $15 up to $65, Sale
Prices $7.50 to $32.50
All Children's Wool
Dresses HALF PRICE
Evening Gowns
ONE-FOURTH-OFF
Women's Coats
ONE-FOURTH-OFF
Children's and Women's
Furs ONE-THIRD OFF
All Children's Coats
ONE-HALP-OFF
All Furs
ONE-TH1RD-OFF
One lot of Skirts
ONE-HALP-OFF
Special Sale on
BLOUSES
Street and Afternoon DRESSES
Lot i Values to $15, now... $7.95
Lot 2 Values to $20, now.
Lot 3 Values to $30, now
Lot 4 Values to $45, now...
Lot 5 Values to $65, now ...
Lot 6 Values to $90, now ...
...
WOOL DRESS GOODS Exceptionally
Low Priced
l?c
4?c
19c
29c
4?c
36 and 40 "inch Plaid and Brocaded fabrics
regular 50 values, the yard
40-inch Mohair and Brocaded Suitings
regular $1. values, the yard
44-inch diagonal Serges, Novelty Stripe Suitings and
Fancy Serges, regular $1.25 values,
the 5rard
30-inch Wool Challies, floral and stripes.
Regular 50c values, the yard
30-inch Wool Challies, stripes, dots and floral
designs, 75c values, the yard
One lot Novelty Home Spuns, Crepe de Paris, Novelty
Suitings and Vigoureux Serges. Values to OQ
$1.50. yard UW
:
54-inch Cravenette Covert Cloth, Heavy btorm U
Serges, Plaid Suitings and Skirtings, Jersey Cloth
and Check Broadcloths in a good selection of pat
terns and colorings. Values up to $3 the yard,
c :i -i. J,,,r,1 $1.49
I-"--"-" f- 2 J
u
$11.95
$15.00
$22.50
$32.50 I
$45.00
J
have, or to permit to be kept, had or
possessed in any hotel, boarding
house, eatinc house, restaurant, pool
or billiard hall, tobacco store, soft
drink parlor, store of any kind, or any
place of public resort, or in any club,
or In any cellar, closet (room or
space) connected with any of the
nbove named places, for any purpose,
and ardent spirits, ale, beer, wine, or
intoxicating liquor of any kind. The
finding of such liquors in any of such
places shall be prima facie evidence
of the fact that the proprietor or per
son in charge of such place at the
time of the finding thereof permitted
such liquors to be kept on such prem
ises; and all persons are prohibited
from having on their person or in
their possession, or from drinking any
such liquor In any public place de
scribed herein or in any public street,
avenue, thoroughfare, alley, or public
park in the city of Bisbee."
Besides the liquor question and the
ordinance passed on the issue little
was done by the city council except
to get rid of an immense amount of
routine business. The city reports
for the month were read and the vari
ous committees of the council also re
I ported.
V
4