WEATHER.
f MARKETS.
NEW YORK City
Average price of cop
per for week ending
Jan. 24. 29.375.
Arizona: Saturday an.1
Similny fair, not miuh
t iiufi in temperature.
WWW
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 19. NO. 200.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY V, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
d mm
I If IIVN II
mssm m
S HGHTHG BELOW'TUCSOEa
500 Killed
In Dutch
Rich Island of Bali Laid Waste
Wrecking Thousands of
Ot ragan liauves inio ine
Wrath ot 1 heir ureat uod
(By Review Leased Wire.)
LONDON, Jan. 26. Five hundred and fifty persons were killed in
the earthquake on the island of Bali, according to an official report re
ceived at the Hague and transmitted by Reuter's Telegram Company.
A dispatch from London under d ?te of January 25, said that news
had been received in Amsterdam that 400 natives had been killed and
200 injured in an earthquake on the island of Bali, in the Malay archi
peligo. Thousands of houses were destroyed, it was added, and the
governor's palace was seriously da maged.
Bali, which has a population of a bout 700,000, is one of the Dutch
possessions forming the Dutch East Indies. The island has an area of
about 2100 square miles. Many natives, it is said, drowned themselves
in the sea.
vehduhs oieo
CAM
r.a Win rWnorat Hand
V'T. Ti li-ii "j
to Hand Fight Up Hillside.
Also Win at Riga and Raid
British Coast
Spirited fighting has taken place
northwest of Verdun on the front in
France, near Riga on the western
front and southwest of Kut-el-Amara j
in the Mesopotamian theatre. Ger- i
man forces have been successful in ''
operations in the first two regions,
whiie British troops have taken posi
tions from the Turks along the Tig
ris in the latter.
Attacking in force on a front of
1600 meters against Hill 304, north of
Verdun, Teutonic soldiers stormed
French trenches and took 500 prison
ers. French troops, the latest French
commique 'says, have re-captured
most of the trench positions gained
by the Germans. Counter attacks by
the French failed, as did further at
tempts to regain the lost ground, ac
cording to Berlin.
German troops also gained ground
on Jjp; Mort Homme and-.Airocourt.
The' fighting around Hill 304, Paris
states, was in the nature of hand to
hand combats at times.
West of Riga in the Tirul swamp
region and along the river Aa, the j It was said that almost all of the
Germans and Russians continue at surplus equipment of the punitive ex
grips in heavy figfting. German at- pedition is now across the line, and
tacks, Berlin says, were successful ' the concentration at Colonia Dublan
and additional ground and 1500 pri- of troops-from the southern outposts
soners were taken.
Turkish first line trenches on a
front of 1100 yards gained by the
British in their attacks southwest of
Kut-el-Amara.
An attack on the English coast near
Lowestoff, reported by London, was RIVTRS AND HARBORS BILL
carried out by German light sea fore- j PASSED BY SENATE
es. The German ships, Berlin says, I WASHINGTON, Jan. 26 The an
were able to approach the English 1 nua rjvers and harbors appropria
coast and to return to their base with tion bill earning $3S,000,000 Includ
out sighting hostile vessel. One jK more tl)an jin.ooo.OOO for new pro
small vessel. London records official- jPctfli was pa!ised Dy tne House today
ly, nrea snens at tne coasi. uniy a
few shells reached land and there
were no casualties. The damage is
reported as insignificant.
LEAK PROBE SIMPLIFIED
NE WYORK, Jan. 26. Modified de-!
mands on stock brokers for informa-!
tinn as to their customers' dealings
during the period of the alleged "leak"
on the President's peace note were is
sued today by the rules committee of
the house jf representatives relieving,
the brokers from the duty of disclosing
how much money their customers won
or lost or how much margin they had
to put up.
Erokers also are excused from mak
ing accountings of trades W less than
1000 shares, although they will be re-'
quired to supply the committee with
the names of 11 their customers, large '
or small, during the "leak" period. Ad-'
ditional precautions for protecting the
secrecy of such of this information as
does not pertain directly Vo the inves-
ligation also are set forth. Still an
other concession made to the brokers
is that only accountants satisfactory
to the brokerage houses filing the
stataements shall make the several examinations.
In Quake
East Indies
by Mighty Earth Movement,
Houses, and Driving Hundreds j
oea in i error arm rear ui
or the mountain.
Army Sergeant For
30 Years Retired
With Proud Honors
(By Review Leased Wire)
DOUGLAS. Jan. 26. An unusual
hotfjr was conferred on Regimental
Supply Sergeant Otto Bach, when he
reviewed the First Cavalry, U. S. A.,
I Thursday at ihe request of Colonel
Frederick S. Foltz, commanding offi
,cer. The occasion was ti
tue announce
ment of his ciiivmcnt from active
senice at the end of thirty years in
the army, all served with the First
Cavalry. ,
In the order for Sergeant Bach's re
tirement. Colonel Foltz dwelt upon,
I the excellent record he had main
tained, serving since his first enlist-
ment as first sergeant, and equadi'jn
or regimental non-commissioned staff
officer.
The colonel said the regiment- was
justly proud to have had such a man
in it. '
Sergeant Bach participated in an ex
pedition agalust the hostile Apaches in
Mexico in 1896, the Cuban campaign
in 1898 Philippine insurrection,. 1900
to 1903 and again in the Philippine
1908 to 1910.
Sergeant Bach has gone to Monter
ey, California, to live.
S800.C00 IN ARMY PAY
BROUGHT OUT OF MEXICO
DEMING, N. M., Jan. 26. From
members of truck train No. 73, a part
of which arrived here tonight to take
a shipment of 2400 gallons of gaso-
line to Columbus, it was learned that
the army pay station with $800,000 in I
gold has been brought out of Mexico. ,
had been practically completed.
Only the sick, will be brought out
of Mexico on motor trucks, according
to the same source. The rest of the
troops will march out.
by a vote of 221 to 131. It now goes I
to the Senate. j
ESS OF
PREPARED
AS WELL AS MEN URGED BY IT. R.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 26 The full
scope of the national preparedness
Idea abroad in the country reaching
from universal military service to reg
istration of the nation's woman power
against a war emergency was spread
before delegates to the congress of
constructive patriotism by speakers
here today and tonight.
Senator Duncan l Fletcher of
Florida: Walter C. Piper of Detroit;
Hermann Ragedorn, Jr., of Flarfield.
Conn.; Miss Grace Parker of New
York and Charles Nagel of St. Louis,
former secretary of commerce and lab
or, took occsion to declare emphati
cally their allegiance to the use of
universal military training and ser
vice. Letters were read from Theo.
Roosevelt and Governor Edge of New
on) i rir.uTs nnnrc
.' " I
TO LIVE IN MEXICO
Ql'ERETARO. Mex., Jan. L't.
Th! proposal to prohibit in the
constitution the manufacture unci
sale of piiliie'and alcoholic bev-
erases and that to prohibit bull
entires and that to tirohibit bull
and cock tights was defeated to-
a iwl rr.f. L- K n lit d ilufAnrol -v
j day by the constitutional assem
bly. The main argument in op
position was the loss of revenue,
it being stataed that pulque alone
produced $4.50O,0uo revenue a
year.
First Ruling of
Court On Ballots
Favors Campbell
(By Review Leased Wine)
PHOENIX, Jan. 26. In the Hunt
Campbell contest foday. Judge Stan-
i ford of the superior court began nil- J
ins on the disputed ballots. Rules as
to all of them were not laid down,
but the court wiped out most of the ob
jections against so-called distinguish
able marks on ballots. The 'only one
thrown out was one on w hich a name
had been written at the top, presum
ably the name of the voter.
The most Important ruling was one
in favor of Campbell. A ballot bad
been objected to because It had been
objected to because it had been mark
ed in the square in the prohibiten
column, in front of the name of Camp-
! bell instead of the square following it.
It was evident, the court held, that it'
was the intention of the voter to ca.st '
bis vote for Campbell.
ES
WILSON PEACE
(By Review Leased W ire)
PETROGRAD, Jan. 26. (Via London)
The first official expression of Rus
sia's attitude toward the' address of
President Wilson to the- senate was
made to the Associated Pres.j today
in the form of the following s'a-ement
from the foreign office:'
Russia always has been in full
sympathy with the broad hufnunitai La.i
principles expressed by the President
of the United States, and his message
to the senate, therefore has made a
most favorable impression upon th
! Russian government. Russia will wel-
come all suitable measures which will
help prevent a recurrence of the
world war. Accordingly, we can glad
ly endorse President Wilson's commu
nication. Freedom of Seas Hne
"President Wilson's lews on fret
access to the seas find an advocate in
Russia, because she considers it nec
essary to have free access to tne seas.
The President's proposal regarding
limited armament has thr support or
Russia, who made representations of
this nature at The Hague conference.
"Russia already has definitely an
nounced her unalterable determination
regarding the future cf Poland. The
Russian emperor had dictated that one
of the grounds of the war is a free
Poland, consisting now of three sep
arate provinces.
"As to the nature of the peace to
(Continued on Page Two.)
U.S.
Jersey expressing the same views.
Mr. Hagedorn expressed the keynote
of the congress when he declared that
education toward citizenship was the
vital part of any national prepared
ness, the only hope of the abolitron
of war.
Assailing the American education
system as calculated to produce indif
ference to national affairs, Mr. Hage
dorn said: "It is treason to be indif
ferent The stupidity of stand pat
educators makes quite as much for
war as the stupidity of munition
makers."
In his letter Mr. Roosevelt charac
terized the Hay bill, which .'Ought to
federalize the national guard a a
second line of defense, as beii:g
"foolish and unpatriotic, and a bit ol
(Continued on Page 2)
RUSSIA APPROV
ADDRESS
WOMEN
EUROPE MUST
KICK TURK
OUT SAYS
BRYGF
For 500 Years, He Says, These
"Unfit Tribes Have Done
Nothing but Opress Chris
tian Peoples.
FATE OF TURKS WILL
BE BIG PEACE ISSUE
Former Ambassador to U. S.
From England Publishes a
Book on Vileness of Otto-
man Government
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON, Jan. 26. The demand
for the expulsion of the Turk from
Europe included anong the terma in
the entente allied note in reply to
President Wilson, is justified by Lord
Bryce in his views on that phase of
the entente reply, which were given
to the Associated Press today.
This Is the first time the former am
bassador to the United States has ap
peared in connection with the peace
discussion, for while he has carefully
considered President Wilson's moves
and the responses jde to them, he
has refrained irom .any utterances on
the subject. Later the decided con
clusions he has reached may be pub
lished. Fate of Turk Dark
Concerning Turkey, however. Lord
Bryce's views were formulated before
the peace notes were exchanged and
will appear in about a niontb for au
thorized publication in London and
New York under' government auspices
Owing to their direct bearing upon
the terms regarding Turkey laid down
by the allies, he now has made tfiem
available to 'the Associated Press.
(Continuel on Page Two)
In another section of today's is
sue of the Review will be found
a double page advertisement an
nouncing the inauguration of a
Voting Contest in which the la
dies of Bisbee and vicinity are
expected to participate.
During the early spring it is
the rule of newspapers every
where to make a special effort in
the building up of the circulation
of the paper and circulation cam
paigns of various kinds have been
conducted. However, the method
to be used by the Review on this
occasion has its advantages.
Circulation building is by no
means an inexpensive undertak
ing. The Review has decided
that whatever outlay may be ne
cessary, the money spent should
be distributed at home instead of
spending it elsewhere for prem
iums, etc.
All of the prizes to be awarded
the winners have been purchased
from local dealers and in turn
will be distributed among those
who dwell in and about Bisbee.
The prizes have been selected
with the utmost care and no ex
pense has been spared to make
this campaign the most success
ful in the history of Arizona.
These ladies who may decide
to enter the contest have the as
surance of the management of the
Review that this campaign will
be conducted along lines that will
give etch and every candidate
an equal opportunity to win one
of the handsome prizes to be
awarded. Since "anything worth
having is worth working for," and
since any of the prizes announced
in the advertisement are worth
having, it is expected that the
ccming week will find the ballot
box fairly well filled with nomi
nation blanks.
Review Contest
, SEARCH FOR RAIDER
' DISABLES CRUI
!
i RIO JANEIRO. Jan. I'll. lira
zilian scout cruiser R.'- Ornncle
I do Sul, which bus been doing po-
lice duly off the coast, put into
Victoria today with her machin-
cry out of order.
A dispatch from Rio Janeiro
January 17 said the Rio Grande
do Sul, us a resuit of the opera-
t.'Jiu of the German raider in
South Atlantic waters had been
ordered to cruise along the Bra-
zilian coast to prevent violations
of Brazilian neutrality.
Arizona Militia
Reported Soon to
Be Ordered Home
(By Review leased Wire.)
Unofficial but apparently trust
worthy reports reached the Re
view yesterday that the Arizona
militia, stationed at Naco, will be
sent home in the next order from
Washington dealing with national
guard movements. This order is
expected within the next two or
three weeks.
An official denial of the report that
members of the First Arizona Infan
try had mutinied at Naco, Tuesday,
was issued by Colonel A. M. Tuthill
last night. Colonel Tuthill admitted
that a number of soldiers of Com
pany M had paraded the camp singing
"We want to go home" that night, but
that no disobedience had accompan
ied the act. Seven members of Com
pany M are in the guard bouse, how
ever, charged with disobeying orders
Wednesday morning, when they re
fused to turn out for morning forma
tions. ,
Tuesday night the entire company
Was m-laiueU ut ttunp i.i on riUul to
identify the miscreant who. is a spirit
of play. Colonel Tuthill said, had
placed some foreign substance in Cap
atin Clyde E. Pickett's' coffee. The
seven men it is said, became disgrun
tled ai this detention and following
their disobedience next morning they
were locked up.
Detective Burns
Is Found Guilty
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK. Jan. 26. William J.
Burns, head of a private detective
agency, was found guilty here today
of surreptitiously entering the law of
fices of Seymour & Seymour, making
copies of private papers and then pub
lishing them. Bums was employed
by J. P. Morgan & Company to trace
a "leak" of in format ion about con
tracts for war supplies for the en
tente allies from the Morgan offices.
To obtain the ' information sought.
Burns gained access to the Sey
mours' offices.
In finding Burns guilty, the justices
of the court of special sessions who
heard the case, laid down the legal
principle that no private detective
has the-right to enter a man's office
or dwelling and examine his private
correspondence and papers.
A fine of 1100 with an alternative
of 30 days in jail, was imposed upon
Hums, who paid the fine at once un
der protest. Announcement was made
that an immediate appeal would be
taken.
SENATE BILL PUTS POSTMASTERS
II SERAICE IF
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 26. The an
nual legislative, executive and judi
cial bill, the second of the fourteen
big supply measures on the appropri
ation program to be disposed of be-('
fore March 4. was passed late today
by the Senate after provisions had
been written into it placing all post
masters on the civil service list, and
further increasing the pay of govern
ment clerks.
The stipulation that postmaster-j
ships of all classes be made non poli-1
tical and put under civil service rules
was adopted at the last moment as an
amendment to the section providing
for the salaries of certain officials of I
ihe postoffice department. Several I
vfcowboys and Cavalry
Engage Border Band
All Day and Into Night Bloodless Battle Rages at Arivaca
With American Cowboys and Troop E, Utah Cavalry
Own Against Band of Cattle Thieves Eighteen More
American Troopers Go to Comrades' Aid.
(liy Review I .eased Wire.)
TUCSON, Jan. 26. According to telephone advices from Justice of
the Peace Hogan at Arivaca, Arizona, about 40 miles south of Tucson
on the border, fighting has been In progress all day at a place called
Stone House between Mexican troops and American cowboys.
According to the rjport, the trouble started when the cowboys at
tempted to drive their cattle away from the boundary line and the Mex- .
icans opened fire. .The Americans retreated and were reinforced by a
part of Troop E, Utah cavalry who at once returned the fire of the
Mexicans.
No American casualties have been reported up to five p. m. and it
is not known whether the Mexicans suffered any losses in killed or
wounded. .Reinforcements were sent from Arivaca late this afternoon.
TUCSON, Jan. 26. All Americans have assembled at Ned Hogan't
house on the'Arivaca Land and Cattle Company's ranch.
Eighteen American troopsrs, with several thousand rounds of am
munition were dispatched to aid the traops already there at five o'clock
with Lieut. Arm, of Troop E, Utah cavalry in command. .The origi
nal force consisted of 14 troopers, reinforced by cowboys. .At 7 o'clock
it was reported that no Americans had been killed. .The stone house
where the fighting occurred is three miles from the Montana Mine at
Ruby, Arizona.
Villa Leads 1000
Poorly Armed North
Toward El Valle
(By Review Leased Wire)
CHIHUAHUA CITY. Jan. 26 A re
port brought here tonight says that
Villa has passed through La Junta
and Rubio, points west of Chihuahua
City, and about ninety miles south of i
El Valle. on his way north with a
j troop trains have left here for the
northeast for the campaign against
Villa of which General Francisco Mur
guia will take personal charge. The
new troops from the south are expect
ed shortly to occupy Jiminez. Santa
Rosalia and Parral, which will re
lease more men for the pursuit of
Villa.
Villa is said to be again short of
ammunition due to the recapture of
the loot taken from Chihuahua and
other cities early in the season. The
loss of these supplies, according to
reports, has caused disruption be
tween Villa and his chiefs, particu
larly as regards Salazar and Acosta.
WILL STAGE FIGHT AT
MADISON SQUARE GARDEN
NEW YORk. Jan. 25. Announce
ment was made here tonight thnt
Charley Weinert of Newark. N. J. and
Fred Fulton of Rochester. Minn., have
signed to meet here on February 12
in the first of a series of boxing con
tests to be held in Madison Square
Garden in an elimination contest for
the selection of a challenger for the
heavyweight championship of the
world.
SENATE VOTES $25,000
FOR MARCH 4 CEREMONY
WASHINGTON. Jan. 1'6. The sen
ate voted favorably today on the $23.-
000 appropriation to pay for the inaug
uration expenses at the rapil'Jl but not
until there had been some lively talk
about how Washington hotel keepers
"rob visitors" and some observations
that the inaugural ceremonies have
come to resemble a coronation pagent.
senators insisted tonight that it was
not germain to the appropriation
measure and predicted that it would
be eliminated in conference with the
House.
Under the scale of salary increases
for government clerks adopted by the
Senate those receiving less than $4S0
annually would get raises of 15 per
cent, and those receiving between
$4S0 and JlUOo raises of 10 percent, j
As passed by the House the bill pro- '
vided for an increase of 10 percent '
for all those whose salaries are less
than $1200 and of five percent for
those receiving between $1200 and
$1.S00.
AR,i ti Artil lit ik au u.l.la4 Ilia
measure in the Senate, bringing the
total to approximately $40.l't0,0fH.
Mexicans Scattered
TUCSON. Jan. 26. The fight
ing was started by the Mexicans,
according to the Americans' ver
sion of the affair, and was precip
itated by the rounding up of a
bunch of cattle on the American
side near the line., by six Ameri
can cowboys. The cowboys, re
treating, kept up a running fire
as they returned northward and
the I'tnh cavalrymen went to the
aid of the cowboys. A dispatch
' received tonight said that no fur
ther trouble was anticipated and
th-At nmnlA fore. vpr at hnnit
can cavalrymen numbering 20, at
tacked in open formation and
towards the end of the melee hail
been pretty well scattered. The
small mining camps in that part
of the county are protected by
employes. It was not ascertained
whether or not there were any
casualties among the Mexicans.
DE FAGTOS START
FOR PERSHING
Fifteen Hundred Carranza
Leave Chihuahua City for
El Valle Vacated by Ameri
can .Outposts.
(By Review Leased Wire)
;i"AKEZ, Jan. 26. Fifteen hundred
Carranza troops have been ordered
from Chihuahua City to the western
district of Chihuahua to occupy El
Valle. San Buena Ventura) and th
other outposts evacuated by Ameri
can expeditionary forces.
General Jose Santos Murguia ha
ordered a special train for tomorrow
to take him to t'asas Grandes. where
he will make an inspection of the de
facto government's forces there and
arrange for the garrisoning of the dis
trict now occupied by the American
troop. General Pablo Gonzales, who
arrived on a special train from Chi
huahua City today, came tor medical
treatment in El Paso, he announced
tonight. He will not go to Casa
Grandes at present.
May Start North Today
A general movement of Ameri
can troops from Colonia Dublan
toward the border was predicted
for tomorrow or Sunday by offic
ers of General Mursuia's staff late
today.
A passenger train is scheduled to
leave Casas Grandes tomorrow for
Juarez to bring the remaining refu
gees from the El Valle and Colonia
Oublan districts. After the departure
of the refugee train, it is expected
that American troops will begin mov
ing northward from field headquar
ters. '
BRITISH COAST SHELLED
BY GERMAN VESSEL
LONDON. Jan. 26 An unidentified
German vessel shelled the Suffolk
coast of England last night. There
were no casualties.
1
f TWO
THE BEBF.F. DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY 27, 1917.
AMERICAN BLUNDERS
. IN EXP0R1 SHARE
AND NOT THE RULE
THE 'TUSTYLE" SOMETHING" NEW IN IiATS
fTT
ll&
Charge That Americans Do
Not Know How to Pack
Their Gooip Is D?cLired as!
Unfounded by Expeits. j 1
PITTSnrnG, Pa. Jan. 27. Not-'
withstandirg much adverse- oriiViwnj
of Americiui export practice blunders J j
in American exportation arc (lip ex-
ception and not the rule, according to! :,
a report ou "Examples of .mioun ,
Export Enterprise" which the Xaiinnnlj j
Foreign. Trade Council submitted to 1
the fourth National Foreign Trade
i
convention here today.
"Certain American consuls., com
mercial organization and ban!ts Jiave
done a useful service in sharply oalling
attention to specific derelictions on
the part of Americans in export trad?"
says the Council, "but these specific
complaints have become the basis for j
p-pneralizfltion hie-lilv His creditable to H
all American foreign t.rade". The
charge that Americans do not know (
bow to pack their goods for export is
one "unfounded" charge that is so j
widely prevalent as to ne a posime It realy is two in oneone
hindrance and it is the argument large- for dress and the other for outdoor
iv kk! hv foreigners neninst Amer- 1 'wear. The hat caUed the "tustyle"
. . I ' otsunciy new in mat. n nas a : top 01 u: nat proper, inus maKing
proauct . wide brim which can be snapped on two hats in one.
"We hear little about English or ; '
German goods being poorly packed"! i ...v
savs the report, "vet a visit to t.'.e methods. If American manufacturers j DIES IN PHOENIX
steamship docks in normal times willjUave shown better samples than thej Review I eased Wire)
show the extent of damage sometimes goods they intended to deliver such a, pHOpi.,x Jan ' 2fi William II
inflicted, for lack of proper packing.! rse cannot be condemned sufflci-' " " '
upon importations f.-om the elder in- tly. We know, of course, from our.0"1" pon of former Clly Attorney
duRtrtal and exporting nations. Con- own experience in this country that William Craig, of Ran Francisco and
troversies and disappointments as to' black sheep are found all over the brother of City Manager uoDert a.
world and are, unhappily, the exclu- Craig of this city, died today on the
sive possession of no single nation". J operating table in St Joseph's Mispl
T.be report calls particular attention. tai. Ten davs aso an automobile in
to the intelligence, perserverance and which Craig was riding was struck
skill of American export of oil, steel,, by a speeding motorclclist and the
harvesting machinery, machine tools, j speedometer of the motorcycle, break
aericultural and mining machinery. ! '"S from its fastenings, was thrown
sewing machines, locomotives, shoes, ful1 In his face- Four fractures of the
meat and other food products before jaw' two of the "p.per "nd "l1!0
. . . 'jf the nose were sustained. While
tne war, cameras, casn registers, type-
Above, the dress hat, brim attached,
und (below) the Outdoor hat, brim
detached.
whether contracts have been strictly
fulfilled occur wherevor business is
done, and there is no reason to believe
that it is more frequent in American
than in any other export nd import
trade. It would be interesting to learn
to what extent such complaints are
kept alive in foreign markets by our
competitors.
"The simple fact that our export of
manufactures has nearly doubled be
tween 1905 and 1913. reaching in the
latter year a total of nearly $S00,0OO,
000 is in itself evidence That foreign
ers found it practical, convenient and
satisfactory to buy American goods,
while tl-e high percentage of 'repeat
orders' is additional proof.
"Xobody, of course, will defend the
manufacturer who tries to obtain busi
ness by the employment of unfair
writers and other manufactures, as
well as enormous trade in raw mater
ials which is not so competitive.
Emphasis is placed upon the grow-
under an anesthetic ' given , in order
that these fractures might be reduced,
respiration ceased. He was a grad
uate of the University of California,
class of 1899, former prosecuting at-
inc exnort trade in manufactured sDO- torney of Washoe county, Nevada,
cialties, such as safetv razorsi foun-!'itn headquarters in Reno, and later
, . .,l- . associated with Oodkin and Chad-
tain pens, watches, virbrators, etc ,, , , ,
.. . v ' bourne, I nited States Steel Corpora-
Wh.le much of this trade .s done by U(m awyers ,jf Nw Yorh
large companies, it is stated that there; For Uje past year he ha(, ,)een prae.
are a number or examples of w1rflt,ticin in Phoenix. His wife is living
small companies can accomplish. jn New York.
NOTICE!
TO THE PUBLIC
A Second Ford Station in Bisbee.
For Fords
Exclusively
SERVICE GASOLINE PARTS
Having purchased the Gibson Garage
JOHNSON ADDITION
We are prepared there, to promptly Take Care of all "Ford" Repairs.
Expert Master Mechanic Honest Work Fair Prices.
FORD CARS
ON EXHIBITION
at our old Upper Main Street Salesroom.
Parts and accessories as heretofore.
HpOD & BLEDSOE.
Salesroom Phone 67. -:- Shop Phone 686.
BRYCE SAYS TURK
MUST QUIT EUROPE
(Continued from page one.)
Unfit to Rule
"No one who has studied the his
tory of the Near East for the last five
centuries," said Lord Bryoe, "will be
surprised that the allied powers have
declared their purpose to put an end
to the rule of the Turk in Europe and
still less will he dissent from the de
termination to deliver the Christian
population of what is called the Turk
ish empire, whether in Asia or in En
rope, from the government which dur
ing five emturics, has done nothing
hut oppress them.
"These changes are indeed long
over-duo. They ought to have come
more than a century ago, because it
has been already manifest that the
Turk was helpless, sly, unfit to gov
ern with any approach to justice, sub-
i jcet races of different religion.
Good to Fight Only
"The Turk never has been of any
use for any purpose except for fight
ing. He cannot administer, though in
his earlier days he had the sense to
employ intelligent Christian adminis
trators. He cannot secure justice. As
a governing power he has always
shown himself Incapable, corrupt and
cruel. He has always destroyed, he
has never created.
"Those whom we call Turks are not
a nation at all in the proper sense of
the word. The Ottoman Turks were
a small conquering tribe from Central
Asia who were ruled during the first
two centuries of their conquests by a
succession of singularly able and un
scrupulous sultans, who subjugated
the Christion population of Asia Min
or and southeastern Europe, compell
ing part of these peoples to embrace
Mohammedanism and supporting their
own powers by seizing the Christian
of the rest, forcibly converting them
to Islam and making out of them an
efficient standing army of Janizaries,
by whose valor and discipline the
Turkish wars of conquest were car
ried on from the early fifteenth down
into the nineteenth century.
"Are a Robber Band"
"As a famous English historian
wrote, the Turks are nothing but a
robber band encamped in the coun
tries they have desolated. As Ed
mund Burke wrote, the Turks are sav
ages with whom no civilized Christian
nation ought to form any alliance.
Must Kick Turk Out
"Turkish rule must be ended in Eu
rope, because even in that small part
of it which the Sultan still holds, it
is an alien power which has in that
region been and now is oppressing or
massacreing. or driving from their
homes the Christian populations of
Greek or Bulgarian stock. It ought to
be turned out of the western coast
region of Asia Minor for a like reason.
The people there are largely Greek,
speaking Christians. So ought it to
be turn out of Constantinople, a city
of incomparable commercial and po
litical importance, with the guardian
ship of which it is unfit to be trusted,
so ought it to be turned out of Ar
menia and Cilicia and Syria, where
within the last two years, it has been
destroying its Christian subjects, the
most peaceful and industrious and in
telligent part of the population.
"If the Turkish sultanate Is to be
left in being at all it may at the least
injury to the world be suffered to ex
ist in northern and central Asia Minor
There, the people population is main
ly Mussalman and there are compara
tively few Christians and those only
in the cities, to suffer from its mis
government. Even there one would
be sorry for its subjects, Mussalman
as well as Christian."
'BO NOT BE SWINDLED
! IN
A "Fake Test" Exposed
Some Raking Powders contain a
speck and only a spejk of dried albu
men (sometimes called dried white of
cge).
The T". R. Government has declared
this sneck of albumen is no, help Ii
the baking.
PPT. when water is added to a bak
ing powder which contains albumen,
such baking powder, no manor how
noor it may be. will foam up tiiu-h
higher than any good baking powder
which is not doped with albumen.'
Agents for doped albumen powder
come Into your home and add water to
their powder, and to one or two good
baking powders which are not doped.
The albumen powder foams up high
in the glass; the others do not foam
so high.
Then the agent tells you that this
test shows that his powder is much
stronger than the others. U. S. Gov
ernment officials say this test is a
fraud.
K C BAKING POWDER contains
no albumen, and is legal under the
National Pure Food Law and the Pure
Food Law of each and every State.
Ask Your Grocer. He Knows.
JAQUES MANUFACTURING . CO..
CHICAGO.
many. It is Germany who has taken
ihai point of view and who wi.-h : to
du tiiie peat:e as ictor.
Thfrf la more Catnrrn In tills srtton of
tli roumry than ftil othrr iIifimhi-s pl.t
togitlu-r. anil until tin- lust few yours
was supposed In lie inrurabl-. For a
great many ars 4liM-tr pi "iituince 1 t a
looal Unease ami pr.-snilM-l lin-al rem
(lies, nnl ly cinisiantlv fallinK to enre
with lMn! .treatment, proniiun.-fil it tiii-ui-I1.
'ienre lia proven a?arrli to be a
constitutional disease, anil therefore re
quire cnK!ituitnnal treatment. Hall's
Catarrh Cure, nianufai mre.l by K. .1.
Cheney & C.. Titleii'1, i Iiio. is the only
Constitutional eure on the market. It Is
taken Internally. It acts directly on th
blood and mueous airfares "f the system.
They offer one huinlrei! W llnrs for itny
ease It fails to eure. Sen", for cirrulura
nd testimonials.
Addr: F. J. CHRN'ET it CO.. Toledo. O.
Hold by tirurKla's. 75c
Tk Halt's 1-amity Pill fir ronitlpatloa.
j
that other hope that stme day in the
future all crime shall cease." t
As presiding officer of the day ses-1
sion. Senator Fletcher called attention
to the fact that the army and navy
budget now before congress had reach
ed a total of $830,000,000. Taking up
the failure of the national guard and
regular army to recruit up to author
ized strength, he declared the time
had come when the burden of military
service "must be shared by all and
shared alike." . .
FAMILY AVOIDS
SERIOUS SICKNESS
By Being Constantly Supplied Witt
Bedford's Black-DrangLL
McDuff, Va. "I suffered for several
vears, says Mrs. j. ts. Whittaker, ol
(his place, "with sick headache, and
stomach trouble.
Ten years ago a friend told me to fry
Thediord's Bhck-Draueht, which 1 did,
I snd 1 found it to be the best family medi
cine tor young ana oia.
I keep Black-Draught on hand all the
time now, and when my children feel a
little bad, they ask me for a dose, and it
does them more good than any medicine,
they ever tried.
We never have a long spell of sick
ness in our family, since we commenced
using Black-Draught."
Thedford's Black-Draught is purely
regetable, and has been found to regu
late weak stomachs, aid digestion, re
lieve indigestion, colic, wind, nausea.
headache, sick stomach, and similar I
symptoms.
It has been in constant use for more
than 70 years, and has benefited more
than a million people.
Your druggist sells and recommends
Black-DrauehL Price o. - J. Get a
aackage to-day. kg 123
i
We expect a shipment of
JONES
DAIRY
FARM
HAMS AND BACONS
in the next few days.
Leave your order now.
J. B.
Alio
s
Pure Food Grocery,
Phone 29.
moiiGs
In a city the ie of Ri.sbt e. together
Willi its suburbs, there is always
one jewelry store that is gent rally
considered to be the best place to
buy diamonds.
In Bisbee we believe that most
people, if they hau an opportunity
to express a choice, would prefer to
have their diamonds come frciu
Uilinans.
Here you will find reliability and
finality as every diamond is care
fully graded and priced at absolute
value.
It is a good thing tot know that
the reputation aud the responsibil
ity of the olilest jewelry store in
Bisbee is hack of every diamond
yfcn purchase at this establishment.
L.L.Gilman
EYE NERVE CLASSES
Permanently located
in Bisbee, .except
Mondays in Douglas.
Rooms 10 and 11
Maze Building.
DR. R. GLAZE, Neurologist.
' Phone 156.
FOR
CARPENTER
CALL TEL. 506.
O. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
Have th
HEINO & KEANE
High Class Tailors
Ladies' Work a Specialty.
All work done on the premises
by Union Tailors.
Phone 677, Johnson Addition.
CITY PARK TAILORS
make your next suit 3000 pat
terns to pick from. Under newt
city park, Bisbee.
mm
CATARRH
OF THE
BLADDER
EelisTei !d
24- Hours
Each Cd- s v
ale bears the (M0Y1
tntfrf ?Tf WW W
Bewart cf counterfeit
VJEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
i PHONE 58
Arizona Junk Co.
I We buy all kinds of Junk.
Phone 690.
T. R. WANTS WOMEN
IN PREPAREDNESS
(Continued From Page One)
as flintlock legislation as ever was pi't
on the statute books." The former
president said the navy should be sec
ond only to Great Britain's and that
only because Great Britain had great
er need of a navy. For the army he
urged a regular establishment of 250,
000 under the direct control of a gen
eral staff and the adaptation of the
Swiss universal service system to Am
erican needs.
"Be it remembered," he wrote "that
such a force as that for which I ask
while very powerful for defense, woud
be almost worthless for aggression.
National preparedness, the Colonel
'S
be concluded, whether it be a peace
without victory or not, one should re
member that it never has been the
aim of the allies to crush their ene-
j niies and they have never insisted
1 upon victory in that sense over Ger-
Watkins & Bergquist
Quality Jewelers
The Best Opticians
The HALLMARK" Store
A WAY OUT
A Resident of Bisbee Shows the Way.
There's one effective way to relieve
kidney backache.
Liniment and plasters may relieve I
it; j
But they seldom reach the cause. '
Backache is cause to suspect the
kidneys. j
Doan's Kidney Pills are for dis
ordered kidneys. j
Bisbee people back them up.
Read a case of it, ;
V. W. Gristy, Bisbee, says: "I had'
pains in the small of my back and
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 50c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $35;
$9 by the week.
Henry Poppen, 31 ana ger.
suffered from sharp twinges when
pointel tut, meant spiritual, material, : stooping or lifting. At night my
civic, industrial and military prepar- , back ached severely and mornings I
edness and the thorough Amerianiza- ; "as lame and sore. I was tired and
tion of the country. I had no ambition. I often had head-
"Citizenship." said his letter. ! aches and Aizz 8Pella auJ was an"
"means undivided loyalty to America. ' "?ea cy BI'"18 ur,u,e, ,uy T":,
there can be no citizenship on a fifty- j In pas
L J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
fifty basis. We must insist that peo
ple who work here, live here, that they
are not mere birds of passage from
abroad. We must insist on industrial
justice and we cannot get It if we
causing me to get up often during
the night. Two boxes t Doan's Kid
ney Pills cured me."
Price 50c, at all dealers. Don't
simply ask for a kidney remedy get
let Ignorance and needs be prayed i Doan's Kidney Pills the same that
upon by vulpine cunning Vf wolfish
brutality, and it is necessary to train
ignorant and needy up to self reliance
and efficiency."
Mr. Roosevelt paid his respects to
those "who preach the Ignoble cult of
the professional pacifist, the peace at
any price men" and added:
"We hope ultimately the day will
come on this earth when war shall
cease. But at present that hope Beems
as far In future as the realization of
cured Mr. Gristy. Foster-Mllburn Co.,
Trops., Buffalo, N. Y.
(Advertise rutnt)
IF YOU DO SABE
ASK ART
ANYWAY
But we don't carry it very long
at a time because it seems to us
that nearly everybody wants our
brand of Cement and I.ime.
It Makes Us Hustle
to keep a sufficient supply on
hard to meet the great demand
there Is for these necessary ma
terials and it is m,t just because
people like us either. There
ui.ist be another reason.
Bisbee Lumber Company. inc
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE 25. TIIE BISBEE, DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY 27, 1917.
THREE
Published Every Day Except Monday by the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office, Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rj.tes on Application.
Entered as Second Class. Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Art of March 3, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable in Advance:
PER MONTH .. J .75
THREE MONTHS 2.25
SIX MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE XIONTYiS 7X.0
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.G0
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter 75
M Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
PHONE NO. 39.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will con
ider it a favor if any irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Saturday Morning, January 27, 1917.
RFNfiFL FRS SOLONS.
The prinoe of killjoys In the legislative halls of Phoe
nix seems to he Senator Roberts who. we blush to say
comes from our own beloved bailiwick of Cochise. As
father of the proposed anti-gambling bill, he makes him
self ridiculous and bares the legislature to ridicule.
Hopes that the present session would be spared from a
silly season apparently are dashed to the ground.
It Is already established In Cochise county as well as
elsewhere in Arizona that the sentiment against gam
bling is general and this sentiment lifts been c-hrystalizM
into law?; which are effective in practically stamping
out a recognized evil. By the help cf existing laws,
efficient officers in the Warren District have succeeded
in eradicating gambling so that now conditions are
such as to cause no complaint. We believe the same is
true in Douglas and oilier communities in Cochise
county. We have no reason to believe that other cities
and towns in Arizona suffer from violations of existing
laws.
Then why the necessity of proposing a measure which
oversteps the bounds of cominonsense? Since no neces
sity exists, the only reason that can be assigned for
Senator Roberts' silliness is his craving for publicity;
his hunger for applause from the galleries.
Gambling, as the term may be defined in accordance
Vith former conditions in Arizona is abominable. Faro,
rulette,' dice and other forms of chance as were form
erly permitted in this State have been banished effectu
ally. This is also generally true of "privately conduct
ed" poker rooms. Gambling, as an institution has been
stamped out and must never return.
1 Social diversion is wholesome and also a necessity,
specially in many towns in Arizona where entertain
ment for men in their hours of recreation is limited.
Cards as a form of recreation are accepted by broad
m'nded people as being well within the pale of entire
repectibil:ty. When card playing is not abused, it
should be immune from attack. We are reluctant to
believe tiiat its abuse in Arizona is at the present time
so flagrant as to call for tlie drastic measure proposed
by Senator Roberts and endorsed by some of his col
leagues. In the name of consistency. Senator Roberts and his
holier-than-tbou-ers should propose some forms of en
tertainment(to take the place of cards if the latter be
eliminated. Our miners here in the Warren District
doubtless will revert to ringaround-the-rosy, hie-spy or
duck-onthe-rock with enthusiasm if the Roberts' propa
ganda proves convincing. Our women doubtless will
content themselves with bread-making contests and ex
cursions into that captivating pastime of button, button,
who's got the button.
Senator Roberts' vanity may, indeed receive some
tickling through the means he has employed, but we fear
he' has acted at the sacrifice of hundreds of former
friendships in Cochise county and elsewhere in Arizona.
USING OLD NEWSPAPERS.
A Wisconsin man is credited with an invention that
makes it possible to turn old newspapers into new ones.
He takes the discarded papers, soaks them, tears them
to bite, separates the ink from the paper, recovers the
ground wood pulp from which newsprint paper is made,
and turns it into p;.p.-r practically as good as th;
original.
Old newspapers are already used for the manufacture
Of coarser grades, but heretofore it has been Impossible
to use it over again in making newsprint' paper. There
was always trouble with the color. Experiments made
with the new process on a commercial scale are said to
have produced from three tons of old papers, three tons
of new paper whiter than the original and in every way
fit for the printing press.
The cost of the process is less than $5 a ton. By its
adoption, it is said that large quantities of paper could
be produced at about half the present price. And th;
relief thus afforded would do away with the present
scarcity of paper and avoid whatever necessity tJiere is
for the prevalent high prices.
The paper manufacturers, however, refuse to have
anything to do with the invention. Apparently they're
not interested in relieving the scarcity which is largely
artificial and giving publishers the benefit of reasonable
prices.
ANOTHER MCLEMORE RESOLUTION.
Tlu lion. Jen McLemore, congressman from Texas',
incurred much criticism last year because of his fnmnuK
"Mcl.erome resolution" calling upon the president to
v am Americans off all lielligerent merchant ships. Now
he comes forward witli another resolution wJiich, what
ever its real object, looks more meritorious.
He remarks that "reports of alleged atrocities commit
el by the invaders of Itelgium have lecn persistently
spread in the I'nited States," and that "the presidet.t
has been severely and" unjustly criticised because he
made no reference to these alleged atrocities in his re
cent commendable peace note." He therefore calls on
the state department to submit to congress r"ports com
piled by United States consular offices in Belgium.
Mr. McLemore seems to supct that there-have been
in reality no atrocities at all, and that Vie stories telling
of Belgian outrages have lieen mere inventions of a Rri'
ish publicity bureau. Hut the mental operations of
Mr. McLemore or any other individual, in congress or
out of it, ': needn't , interfere with the suggestion being
taken seriously. J
There can lie no question In anybody's mind that what
ever reports our consular representatives In Belgium
have transmitted to our government are authoritative.
And the publication of them would be useful in giviug
the American public and the whole neutral world the
exact truth. There would then be no more room for lies
or evasion about Belgium on the part of either Germany
or England, and no nibre room for misrepresentation in
the United States.
POLITENESS PAYS.
We have dim recollections that in our youth some
body tried to teach U3 a little poem, beginning:
"Politeness is the golden key
That unlocks every door for me."
Politeness has slowly been winning its way around
the world outside of social and diplomatic circles. Busi
ness men, salespeople and many others supposed to
scorn such a gentle habit as that of politeness, have
tried it and proved its value in their own success. And
now politeness has invaded that last stronghold of in
difference an electric railway system.
The line so seriously afTected is the Queens County
Electric Railway, N. Y. The company started a polite
ness school that has cost it $2,500 to date. But the at
torney of the road, who is also on the politeness faculty,
says it pays. So far about 650 employees of the road
have received an average of three lessons each in polite
ness. Special emphasis has been laid on imparting the
gentle art to conductors.
Results? They are numerous. In the first place there
has been a distinct falling off in accidents in the last
few weeks. This one factor is rapidly paying that $2500
initial expense in teaching politeness. Complaints have
fallen off, too.
x
SOUP REPLACES MEAT
IN FRENCH CAFES
THE WICKED DOG.
From Washington County, Pa., once "the banner wool
county of the world," ccincs a drastic indictment of
dogs. The wool industry has b:;en nearly ruined there,
because the dogs kill the siicep. And that is but one
one item in the long category of canine crimes.
There are 20,000 dogs in Washington county. It is
estimated that to feed a c'.og costs the owner, on an av
erage, $34 a year. That makes a food bill or $680,000 a
year for one count of one state.
"And this does not LiV.o into account," writes Robert
M. Canons, "the vast, inestimable loss to the farmer
population which the keeping of these semi-domesticated
wolves makes certain, because of the universal
custom of unrestraint under which dogs live. This
does not take into account the diseases which dogs in
their wanderings pick up and carry from place to place,
from family to family diseases such as hog-cholera and
the fcot-and-mouth disease among animals, which . have
cost the country millions; and diseases such as diph
theria, scarlet fever, measles and the like, which have
taken heavy toll of life among the people." He refers
also to the "filth and contaminating presence" of dogs
in public places, in groceries, meat markets, eta, and
the ever-present risk of rabies.
ARIZONA CLAYS.
The war in Europe is developing many new industries
in the United States, one of which that is important be
ing the development In the manufacture of porcelain.
Previous to the war the .work was confined largely to
Germany.
Tiie United States has made great progress in its clay
working industries In so far as they apply to the manu
facture of brick and tile, sewer pipe, stove linings, and
in common pottery, confined largely to earthen wae,
but little has been done in porcelain and fine china.
There is no reason, however, why we should be depend
ent upon Germany for this material.
Inquiries have come from several sources within the
past few weeks for locations in Arizona where clays
and kaolins may be found, kaolin of a quality that will
allow for use in porcelain, and the State Bureau of
Mines desires to get in touch with the owners of these
deposits.
For use in the fine arts, the clays require peculiar
properties that would be imposible to describe. In
fact the only way to know whether or not they are valu
able for this use is to actually try them out. High grade !
clays bring good prices, but the prices are not suffi
ciently high to allow for the hauling of these clays for
very great distances to the railroads.
It is desired by the State Bureau of Mines that own
ers of deposits of clays of considerable purity corre
spond with Charles F. Willis, Director, Arizona State
Bureau of Mines, and send five pound samples. j
There are many clays in Arizona, and the location of
deposits of pure clays suitable for porcelain mamifac- '
ture may lead to the establishment of a new industry
within the State. '
PARIS. Jan. 26. France is fol-
iTtwiltR the example of England
and Italy in restricting meats in
restamants. Diners in restau-
rants are hereafter restricted to
hors d'oeuvres. or soup, two oth-
i er dishes and cheese or dessert.
' In regard to the two main dishes,
' the bill of fare, instead of the
sixty or seventy items usually
presented, is confined to a maxi-
mum of nine. The nine consist
of one egg dish, three meat and
three vegetable.
The restrictions have been
drawn up in conjunction with
the representatives of the provi-
sion trades, and have, been tak-
en in good part by both the res-
taurant proprietors and the mer-
chants.
MONROE DOCTRINE
WILL BE UNHURT BY
WILSONPEACE PLAN
Democrats Will Show Famous
American Policy Not En
dangered. If Borah Forces
Senate to Vote.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 26. Demo
cratic leaders in the Senate made it
clear today that they would not op
pose Senator Borah's resolution to re
affirm the Monroe Doctrine and the
principle of Washington and Jeffer
son advising against embarrassing
foreign alliances, but that before vot
ing for it they would explain their be
lief that there is nothing in it incon
sistent with the world peace propos
als enunciated last Monday in Presi
dent Wilson's address.
No action was taken on the Borah
resolution today nor upon Senator
Cummins proposal to set aside next
week for discussion of the President's
suggestions. In informal conferences
it practically was agreed that nothing
would be done until the return next
week of Senator Stone, chairman of
the foreign relation committee who
has been called away from Washing
ton on business.
Administration senators hold that
both resolutions would be referred to
the foreign relations committee for
future action, perhaps at an extra ses
sion of the new congress. But if there
is a disposition next week to press
the Borah resolution and a motion to
refer It should not prevail, the Demo
cratic leaders will join in passing it
after undertaking to show to the coun
try that reaffirmation of the old Am
erican principles is not all counter to
President Wilson's ideas.
Today Senator Borah asked Demo
cratic leaders to let his resolution go
to vote without debate but they would
not agree because of the desire to ex
plain their votes.
In the House today, Representative
Temple, Republican, of Pennsylvania,
member of the foreign relations com
mittee, called attention to the new
code of international law intended to
secure to neutrals the freedom of the
seas, prepared at the suggestion of
Secretary Lansing which was submit
ted last Monday to the American in
stitute of International Law at Ha
vana, Cuba "at the moment- when
President Wilson was declaring to
the Senate and the world that such
a code is necessary." He secured per
mission to print the document' tomor
row in the congressional record.
Mr. Temple said the seas already
are free in time of peace and that the
new code provides for freedom of the
seas In time of war.
"It abolishes blockade entirely," he
explained, "forbids interference with
the mails, declares that merchant
ships of the enemy as well as those
of neutrals shall be free from capture
and abolishes the right of visit and
search. Even vessels carrying con
traband may in no case be captured
or confiscated or destroyed by the
captor.
THE EMPTY CAGE.
AM v,?-
PRICE OF SILVER
SOARS T077 CENTS
Metal Back to Highest Price
of War; Disturbed Mexico
Responsible.
NEW YORK. Jan. 26. Bar silver
rose to 77 cents an ounce in this mar
ket today, within one quarter of a cent
of Its highest quotation since the war.
The record was made last May on a
heavy demand from Europe as well as
Oriental sources, after which the price
fell back to nearly 70 cents.
This renewed strength of silver Is
in keeping with general conditions in
the metal trade. Copper and other
base metals are holding close to the
best prices of last year, these in ef
fect establishing records for 20 years
or more.
Another reason for the renewed
strength of silver is the embargo some
time ago declared upon the metal by
Germany and England's prohibition Vf
its use in the arts.
The long suspension of mining op
erations in Mexico for many years is
an important source of silver supply
also has helped to deplete supplies In
this market.
I
T
f
f ft -r--- ?-t tsss II i I
tlT PeKSHiHf-" 111 1 I 11 111 i P fA .
jLVm ilk m
t
f i -.ij 4 1 1
V
PROPOSED ARIZONA
FLAG IS OPPOSED AS
LIKE THAT OF JAPAN
But House Committee of the
Whole Favors It Torrers
Land Bill Introduced Sen
ate Debates Rules of Order.
(By Review Leaded Wire)
PHOENIX, Jan. 26. The house com
mittee on education reported ad
versely to the bill for the adoption
of the state flag because of the de
sign which, in the opinion of the com
mittee, bore too close a resemblance
by radiating stripes of alternate red
and blue with a copper star in the
center. Notwithstanding the adverse
report of the committee, the commit
tee tf whole recommended the pas
sage of the bill.
The whole committee recommended
the. passage of the bill providing for
appropriation in fourth class counties
(Yavapai), annually of $2500 in addi
tion to a sum permitted counties in
general to appropriate for advertising
the resources of the county. The com
mittee had not finished consideration
of the high school bill when it closed.
New bills were introduced in the
house as follows:
By Malloyr of Pima providing for
the introduction Xst the Torrens sys
tem of land legislation.
By MallViry of Pima providing for
the appropriation by the state of $5,
000 for each of the next two years
for the Southern Arizona Fair.
By Eddy of Yuma amending the law
with relation to the levy of stale and
county taxes.
By Faires Of Gila increasing the sal
aries of the supreme court and super
ior court judges.
Vaughn's bill reducing the number
of ballots printed from three for each
voter to ten for each eight registered
voter was given a third reading and
passed.
There was little business in the sen
ate, all of a brief morning session be
ing devoted to the conclusion of the
dispute the day before Over the rule
with reference to the amendment of
amendments and motions.
The house adjourned to 9:30 tomor
row morning and the senate until Mon
day morning.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL
Confidential and careful treatment of all
matters is a part of our policy, and we re
spect the best interests of our depositors
and clients with high regard. Your ac
count subject to check is cordially invited.
BllJ
mm
With Money
That's the way wealth has been gained ever since the
world started.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is making money for you with the four per cent
interest which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE 17
GROW!
Citizens Bank & Trust Company
Main Street Bisbee. Arizona
Will E. McKee, President C A. McDonald Cashier.
O. W. Wolf, Assistant Cashier.
HOUSE DEMOCRATS
APPROVE REVENUE BILL
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26. Demo
cratic menibers of the House in cau
cus tonight approved by a vote of in
to 13 the administration revenue bill
framed to meet the prospective treas
ury deficit next year.
The measure is designed to raise
about I24S.00O.00O to meet extraordi
nary military and naval expenses by
excess profits tax and an increased
inheritance tax and to provide $100,-
000.000 more to cover t lie purchase
of the Danish West Indies, the pro
posed government nitrate plant and
Mer enterprises.
IF NOT HERE
ITS COMING
ASK ART.
t
?
t
t
f
v
V
This Company is authorized by law to
perform all the functions of Administra
tor, Executor, Guardian, Trustee, Re
ceiver, etc.
In any fiduciary capacity we are at
your service.
Correspondence invited or personal
interviews.
1
I REVIEW WHIT ADS ARE BUSINESS GfllW THE BISBEE DAILY REVlhvV. SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY 27, 1917.
I (J pJ
ran rroa
mS ,yvi1,J.,.Myvi
11
,1
THE
AILY REVIEW Will Give
' r .... ". r. - ..-Ti . i
3
5
Cm
Ml
Li;
"J-x ".
r'. A'-.-.'l
- 'r--.?'! ,
vg V '-
I 1 II 7
1
mEEES
OF INTERNATIONA
To the Ladies, Married or Single, o;
U tf .- ' .- -1 v
'M71n gyp WT7T " 1 J " " " mim-jj.Trjarn.CTri-rT.;.-!:CT-3i -rr-BJt"-A.inpwji.-arm J. J
RULES AND REGULATIONS. K
,The Bisbee Daily Review Greater Automobile and Prize Con- B
test is open to all married and single women in Bisbee and surrounding a
country. . , 3
The lrst week of this contest shall be known as nomination
week, during which time those who wish to enlcr the contest can do
so bv dionine: the nomination blank below.
The first week of this contest shall be known as nomination
by their friends or reiatives. .The nomination blank entitles you to
5000 votes to start with.
During the eight weeks of the contest, a vote coupon good for
ten votes will appear in each issue of The Bisbee Daily Review. Save
Ihese coupons, and ask your friends to save them for you.
Votes are also issued for paid in advance subscriptions, three
months to two years, to The Bisbee Daily Review. See the vote
schedule on this page.
No employee, or member of an employee's family, cf The
T-l i r ! T- !! 1 11 1 . . A l 4
ilisbee uauy rveview wiu re anowea 10 enier uic lumcsi.
The Bisbee Dailv Review reserves the rierht to add additional B
prizes and to reject any objectionable name.
Just as many votes as per above schedule are allowed for re
newal subscriptions as for new subscriptions.
A renewal subscription is one already being served with the
paper, prior to the commencement date of this contest.
The winners of this contest shall be decided by a committee
of judges chosen from the business and professional community of
Bisbee.
A ballot box can be found in the office of The Bisbee Daily
Review, for the purpose of depositing votes.
Ballot box will be locked and sealed by the chosen judges, in
the presence of the candidates, one week prior to the lose of the con
test, and all votes secured by the candidates during the final week o!
the contest must be deposited in secret, by the candidates themselves.
This method makes it absolutely impossible for any one connected
with The Bisbee Daily Review to know the final standinig of any can
didate. The Bisbee Daily Review offers its assistance to any willing
candidate, in advising them as to the best method of securing voles
and subscriptions, at the same time assuring all a fair and impartial
deal.
By calling at this office, or 'phoning to The Review, a special
representative will call on you if you so desire, lo explain any details
that vou may wish to know.
Good for
5000
V otes.
Nomination Coupon
Good for
5000
Votes.
Bisbee Dai y Review Greater Automobile and Prize Contest.
Nominate Mrs. or ..liss '
AUdri'So l iK scriUo locsiiion)
.1'Impik' Nimilior ...
1. (). Hi
N'oinii'.iiU'd liy niyt -If or
Ail.
v...... v..,...: r ,.irti. u iiini,iii:,i inir ml il:i I i-k will not Im- ilivulci'il without t'lf coii-i nt
M .- ... .! .i.l. ; ..iium u-1 1 1 .-omit lIP flll'll I . I ! -
oi Jlt'l'-Sons SO HOill IKIt lir: infill. 'n nr iniiriiui'irii iiwI, "...
Good f c r
1 0
Votes.
Vote Coupon
Good for
1 0
Votes.
The Bisbee Daily Review
Greater Automobile and Prize Contest.
For Mrs. or M:ss
A.l.ii .
No! vutxl if tl" io..i rl ii'.iir Vi,jii;iry :'rd. !i' niiiiiy of Hu-m1 toiipons a.-, you ran fl '
S ;iiil ,i; K yiiir frii'ii is to rlip !: in lor ou.
T I oii'oii-; uoisl In- ! -poil ! ill ll.it :o 1. ;iiI not rolled, flip nciilly on lord r
fj I.M.-S.
How To'
Early beginners make sure winnfl" . I
Thiere is nothing at all difficult bout v
being offered by The Bisbee Daily Reviw,provk
friends. Enter your name immediately and
The candidate who enters wit a de:ern
that The Bisbee Daily Review is worth the sub.
views her friends in a businesslike manner, su
plain business propostion, in which The 3isbt
circulation sufficiently to warrant the largs ai
Like any other businest, a certain amount of'
of its different departments, and the hmci isno
its already large circulation list, and The Fevi
rather than expend the money throvgh the ire!
Therefore, The Review has no favorteT
stands ready and willing to pay out over $30;
who co-operate in the annual work of merest
show the greatest interest and the most enerjy,
sive prizes, andwe have reserved ihe right tcac
say that there will be gifts for all.
. f,'
I ( f A
M ' .
Address AM
ommmcations to The Manager.
i nvi
IV
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY 27, 1917.
IhJu u 1 uti D & tkj 1 1 I
V
Way -TEN VALUABLE PRIZ
ncludin:
7
Vi
v y i inures a-? ,c .1
7
IKfl
TEN FRIZES
ir
Win
nnirig such a Handsome prize as is
.'led you have a small circle of
Persevere to the end.
nation to start at once, who knows
ycription price asked, and who inter
rely looks like a winner. . This is a
he Daily Review hopes to increase its
nount of money expended in prizes.
ash is laid aside for the 'promotion
jf at hand for The Review to increase
jew nas decided to let tne laaies ao it,
'portation of outside solicitors.
js to play, and no axe to grind, but
D0.00 in prizes tc our local women
lac our subscriptions. those who
rwill be awarded the more expen-
jd additional prizes, it is needless tc
fess Cl
List of Fr
izes
i IK H
3 1 I
GRAND CAPITAL PRIZE
SEVEN-PASSENGER, SIX CYLINDER, CHANDLER TOUR.
ING CAR OF THE LATEST MODEL PURCHASED FROM
STEWART GRANT, AGENT, VALUED AT $1,545.
SECOND GRAND PRIZE
SEVEN-PASSENGER STUDEBAKER TOURING CAR, LATEST
MODEL PURCHASED FROM THE BISBEE AUTO COM
PNAY, VALUED AT $1,030.
THIRD GRAND PRIZE
FIVE-PASSENGER CHERVOLET TOURING CAR; LATEST
MODEL PURCHASED FROM R. B. KREBBS, AGENT,
TOMBSTONE, ARIZONA, VALUED AT $5S5.
SEVEN OTHER PRIZES OF REAL MERIT TO BE AN
NOUNCED TOMORROW.
HOW PRIZES WILL BE AWARDED.
Tlio candidate liavirg ,tlit largi-st niinthcr of votes to Iht rrcdit ;it t.'if end of Un
contest will be awarded the Chandler Six Touring Car; the candidate having the second
largest vote will he a worded the handsome seven passenger StU'lelmker; the candidate
having the third largest vote will he given the popular Chevrolet; the pold wrist watches
and diamond lavallie res will be awarded to the next seven candid. Hon according to their
standing.
.,
HOW TO VOTE.
The first thing you should do is to clip the nomination coupon
from the lower left hnnd corner of this pa-e, fill in your name, address,
etc., and either bring or send it to The Bisbee Daily Review. This
enters you as a candidate to compete for the prizes, and entitles you
to 5000 votes to start with. In each issue of The Bisbee Daily Re
view from now until the close of the contest, a vote coupon, good for
ten votes, will appear. Clip these coupons and ask your friends to
clip them for you. Just as dimes make dollars, and dollarj make hun
dreds, so will the ten vote coupons run up into the thousands.
You should immediately call al The Bisbee Daily Review
where you will be supplied with receipt blanks, which are necessary
to have when taking subscriptions."
The same number of votes areallowed for paid-in-advance
subscriptions, whether they are new or renewal subscriptions.
After receiving the blanks you should notify your friends that
you wish to compete, and ask them to either subscribe or renew their
subscriptions through ycu to The Bisbee Daily Review.
By securing these subscriptions, you are entitled lo votes as
provided on the vote schedule below.
With each subscription that you turn into the orfice of The
Bisbee Daily Review, a vote certificate will be given to you in exchange
therefor. These votes may be polled immediately, or withheld at
your pleasure from time to time, or even until the last minute of the
contest. :i
The names of the candidates will be published Saturday, Feb
ruary 3, and you are therefore advised to enter the contest as early
as possible, in order that your name may appear with the others, and
that you may have an even start.
v
'if
VOTE SCHEDULE.
VOTES ALLOWED AND SUBSCRIPTION PRICE FOR
PAID-IN-ADVANCE SUBSCRIPTIONS TO THE
BISBEE DAILY REVIEW.
3 months' subscription $ 1.1)
6 months' subscription 4.00
1 year's subscription 7.50
2 years' subscription I 5.00
Note: The same number of votes are allowed for
RENEWAL subscript ions.
500 Votes
1200 Votes
3000 Votes
8000 0te3
cither INLW or
E
E
C
H
E
V
0
L
Km
Th
T
A rr?
JSV1
I p"i
Bisbee Daily
Ei
mam SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY 27, 1917.
Mining and Financial News
BY KEVIEW
NEW YORK, Jan. 26. Efforts of
the professional element to infuse in-
terest in today's market in elevating
equipments end other issues several
points were moderately successful un-
til the final hour, when heaviness in
ir.otots, shippings anH a few of the
more vulnerable specialties caused a
general reversal and an irregular
close.
Features of early strength included
the metals, particularly zinc shares.
Western Union and Mackay compan
ies. I7. S. Steel made a gradual lise of
a point to 115-. all of which and
more was later forfeited. ni R " le
heTi Ptel reii'ained unquoted unt'
almost the end when a hundred
shares chanced hands at a price un
changed from the previous day.
The all-round decline of the last
hour was primarily due to concerted
pressure upon motors and subsidiar
ies. General Motors making an ex
treme loss of six points .
Rails counted for less than usual.
There was some heaviness in minor
f;:ils, I ke benver and Rio Giand aud
Missouri, Kansas Texas preferred.
Total sales of stocks 640,000 shares.
For the first time this year fore
casts of the weekly money movement
suggest a contraction of local bank
reserves, probably by a substantial
amount. Consummation of a large ex
port of gold to South America was an
nounced rnd foreign ex'hanee ras
pgain erratic, lire making some re
covery from their extreme deprecia
tion While marks moved contrariwise.
Bonds were irregular. Total sales
par value. $3,260,000. U. S. Bonds
were unchanged on call.
METAL MARKET
NLW YORK, Jan. I'G.-The "metal
. exchange - tes lead Sf'O bi:i. spelter
firm, spot ': ' St. Louis delivery 10
bid. Copf . nil, electrolytic first,
second and ; quartets 29 at 3214.
V.ar silver 77.
CHICAGO GRAINS
CHICAGO. Jan. 26. Greatly enlarg
ed esfliiiates of the 1S16 yield in Can
ada did a good deal to lower the price
of wheat. The market closed heavy
2 lower with May at l.Sl' to l.Sl'i
find July at '1.51 to'l.oJH.
Co-n
lost at 1 to Hi and oats to7;.
In provisions the outcome w;.s the
same as yesterday's finish to 17 Vi
f own.
Retrs in wheat j'ii kly took a ven
tage of word that revised official fig
ures put the totr! Car.a'lifcn crop of
7916 at 61,000,Oi)0 bushels in excess
of the total which was announced
last October. Weakness which re
sulted from selling on this account
was made much woise by notice of an
embargo on east bound shipments ov
er the Pennsylvania Railway west of
Pittsburg.
Assertions that the British govern
ment was selling at Winnipeg drove
wheat prices sharply downward in
the last hour.
Corn was depressed by the weak
ness of wheat. Oats followed the
downturn of other grain.
Provisions averaged lower
hogs and cereals.
with
OATMAN STOCKS
(Collius BrethTton)
Bid
Argo 0G
Adams 13
Arizona Hex
Arizona Tom Reed
Big Jim 1.32
Boundary Cone 2",
Ask
.16
.23
.10
1.33
Carter Cold
Kessclidcll
Hold Keed
(J'lld ClilT
J. anlioc
.0",
.07
.04
Jerome Oatman
L-icky Boy 13
Jlerry Widow
Oatman ('elimination
Sunn) side
Telluride
Tom Reed 2 00
United Kastern 4 .50
United Northern 07
United Western 04
Other Curbs
Gidsden 22
C:cen .Monster LSI
ltatte London 25
Dundee 2.12
Venture Hill
riltsbtirg Jerome 1 no
Ji route Yenle l.Vt
A: Kansas & Ari.nna .... .:!
Jerome Portland
4.7.",
.10
.06
.17
l.LT.
1..-.0
.rii
.50
RHEUMATISM
usually jv
and greater
s to the purer blood
i-rength which
creates. Its rich oil-food enlivens
the whole system and strengthens
the organs to throw off the injurious
? j j . .i j.
aciatw 'viany aociors inem-
selves take Scott's Emulsion
and yen must stand firm jfti)
Biainst substitutes.
Scott & Buwnc. Uuom&clU, N. J.
ItrU
LEASED WIRE
Inspiration Needles ..
I Hull Copper
.37 .50
.40 .45 1
.62 .75 ;
1.00 1.62 1
.50 I
.87 1.00 ,
.27 .32
1.00 1.12
.05
.75 I
.40
.75
1 Magma Chief 62
I VVolvi line Arizona
j Miami Mother Lode ..
! Verde Combination ...
Butte Ariona
Louisiana Arizona
SMita Cruz Bisbee
Jerome Daisy ....
Warren
925
LOWELL-EISBEE ROAD
TRAFFIC IS HEAVIEST
IN COCHISE COUNTY
Data Compiled Shows That
116 Vehicles Pass Over
Route Every Hour; Doug
las Road Is Second.
Traffic on the Lowell-Bisbee road is
heaiest in Cochise county
according
to statistics compiled throughout the
county last month. On December 9
obstrvers were stationed along every
road in the county from 8 a. m. until
midnight and during that period check
ed K93 motor driven vehicles of eve
ry description u; ing the Lowell-Bisbee
road. The Douglas-C. & A. smelter
road was second, 75 motor vehicles
passing the checkers and the L'jwell
Warren road third with a total of 6?9
machines.
The number of autos, trucks, motor
cycles, carriages and s: Idle horses
I using the Lowell-Biswr road on that
;ay was 1S57, making the traffic den
jsity per hour 116, a little less than
jtwo vehicles every .minute. The
i Douglas smelter road tofalled 1018
j vehicles, with a density of 64 per hour.
!The traffic over the Lowell-Bisbee road
I was round to be what is termed in
j highway circles as medium heavy city
i traffic.
DANCE POSTPONED
The Upper Lowell Tire Department
dance which was to be held. Saturday
January 27th, at Upper Lowell Club
Ht.cn posiponc-u muennue-
1... Advertisement. ao
i FASKETBALL TONICHT.
The girls basketball team of the Bis
ibee high school will play the DViuplas
:;igh school gir! five at the local
' s.-hool's auditorium toaight at 7:45.
The game will be followed by a match
between a picked team of Douglas
high chool boys and Bisbee high
school's second team.
WORLD'S TARIFFS1
WILL EE REVISED
FULLYAFTER WAR
Greatly Increased Duties Will
Be Stepped on to Pay Inter
est on War Debts of Bellig
erent Powers.
P1TTSBULG, Pa. A plea that the
United States tariff system, whatever
its underlying principle, should be
given certain bargaining provisions
whereby American foreign trade may
he encouraged and protected from
discrimination, was made recently by
j Willard Straight, Vice President of the
j,, American International CorKration ia
jlt tin address before the National For
5 cign Trade convention here today.
! The tariff systems of the entire
.UG l world will be revised after the war to
j meet new conditions, he said, with a
.10 I tendency among the many belligerent
17 nations to greatly increase duties in
's order to pay interest on their war
0
-" ( debts. If Kuropean groupings of na-
Itions proposed to utilize bargaining
tariffs, it was essential, said Mr.
Straight, that the United States should
I be in a position to protect itself. He
Isaid:
1.S7 j "'l 'l:,s been stated that every ef
.6 . fort would he made to continue' pat
onimerciil relations with the neutral!
! nations. Will the maintenance of such
relations, however, he made eontin-i
peut upon the williiiKiics o fnriitralsj
to (dis-riminate against German traie?j
j The Im-sI methorl of avoiiling such a di-
h'lnma is to realize that it may arise.
If t.'iis or other equally difficult itua-
'tifiiw urn tw tile k1iui1H i&n iifit urtu.-
'consider iiieasureK which will render
i
'"'Prohahle?
j "The trend of economic policies in
Kunipe is manifest. The need for
! maintaining our export trade is ob-
L, ... t,. ,-, , c...
' contain calomel, luit a healing, Mia-
tidiest market in the world after the jn!r icxctahlc laxative. !
war. Tlie I'nited Stales will lie the No Kripin? is the "keynote" of these
i.,st serious competitor which Kuro'K !''- susar-coau-d, olive-colored tahlcts.
.,, , , . ,'lhcy cause the bowels and liver to act
Call industry V. ill he elillUI d t meet ,'.,l Tl,.. never forre (t.em
r.i its campaign lor reeouping the loss
of the present strueKle. This war
h:is denionsirated f'e fact which some
of us in this country have heretofore
..,. ,ii. jM,M.,i : i,iore- that im.rr-
Pioeui trade. i;ke doui.- M. trad:-, n
vl--ui :aiy :ra .-.. '.au -e t .uuui in-
V i aiinol
Jllllll'le to ii'll
hope
tunc
that i sha'I
;; iiiiii.iiiin.iMMi of
RICHARD BENNETT IN
NEW ROLE FOR MUTUAL
STAR PRODUCTIONS
"And the Law Says" Is Name '
of Feature Picture Which
Will Play Tonight an Sun
day at the Orpheum. i
There Is an inside story concerning
the new American-Mutual drama "Anu
the Law Says" written by Richard
Bennett, one of the best known actors
in American, which appears tonight
and Sunday at the Orpheum.
Just how it all happened is not
known, but this much Bennett admits
that he came within an ace of In
mg made the victim of "circumstance"
and ruined for life when he v. as a
foung fel.Ow in college.
Bennett says he told the story only
once, in all its rttail. That was to
Adrienne Morrison, who is now Mrs.
Burnett. It had to do with the al
leged presence of a certain man at
a certain place at a certain lime, and
af the disappearance of certain exam
ination papers.
All the fellows investigating this
j mysterious robbery were law stu-
f dents," said Bennett. "They all hrd
the same hidebound ideas of what cir
cumstantial evidence was worth. We
have the same sorts of fellows witn
ihe same sorts of ideas sitting in the
courts of this country today, and be
cause of this there are many hundreds
of men In the penitentiaries to whom
the bench and bar owe apologies. If
it hadn't been for an apparently triv
ial thing which proved the contrary'.
I might have been held guilty of
theft, because the circumstances ar
rayed against me were so convincing
that I wondered if I hadn't been walk
ing in my sleep."
So Judge Kirby, the stern jurist.
who believes in "the letter of the law,"
is a central figure in the new Bennett
play "And the Law Says." Judge Kir
by was wild in his youth, having reg
istered as a small town law school
under an assumed name for sheer dev
iltry. In -this gui.se he met and fell
in love with the daughter of a poor
professor in the school, betrayed her.
and ran away under cover of his as
sumed name when she was about to
become a mother.
In the after years, as Judge Kirby,
distinguished purist and authority
on evidence, he is confronted with the
case of a lad hardly out of his teens
charged with murder on evidence tha'
is entirely circumstantial. After that
lad has been' pronounced guilty and
sentenced to death in the electric
chair. Judge Kirby discovert, that he
has ordered his own son to die.
This changes bis point of view. The
stern judge moved heaven and earth
to secure reversal -of 'the verdict but
without avail. The boy is executed
according to form of law, bub restored
ulive to the arms of his mother ana
father, at last united, after a clever
doctor has demonstrated that electro
cution does not electrocute.
To Prevent The Grip
Colds cause Grip Laxative Bromo
Quinine removes the cause. Remember
to call for the full name, LAXATIVE
. ROMO QUININE. Look for the sig
ture of E. W. GROVE. 25c.
dollars more of goods than we buy.
Commercial relationships to be per
manent must be mutually advantage
ous. If we wish to sell our goods
abroad, we must in turn purchase
from foreign producers. Our purchas
ing power, therefore, is our first line
of economic defense. To utilize it as
such we must be able intclliGcnlly (o
regulate the importation into this
country of goods whic.'i other nations
desire to sell us. By so doing, we may
demonstrate the advantages wliicu
tliey may gain by purchasing articles ,
which is. in turn, desire to export. We ,
need a bargaining tariff. A bargain iff;
tariiT to be effective should be flexible.
It should be possible to' apply its pro
visions to meet situations as tlu-y
arise. Our present tariff laws are in
adequate from both points of view.
Whatever the underlying principle of
the American tariff system it should
possess adequate resources for the en
couragement of the foreign trade of
the United States and its protection
from discrimination abroad."
QUICK RELIEF FROM
CONSTIPATION
Get Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets
'ti :r...cM ,,r .i i
since Or. Kdwnrds iirodnecil Olivt 'I :ili
lct,s' tlic suhstiuitc for calomel
Dr. hd wards, a practicing plivici;m 1
for j; yi.ars aM(, cai,)IIK.-s 0ld-ii,c cii-
cmy, discovered the formula for Olive
Tablets while trcatim; patients for.
chronic amstipatioii i ami torpid livers. ;
Dr- "anls Oltvc lal.lets .. net'
Il'I IIIUIITi 1 I" J UVI WV nnill
unnatural action.
If you have a "dark lirown mouth"
now ami then a bad breath a dull,
tired feeling sick headache torpid
liver ami arc constipated, you'll find
iuick, sure att'l tmlv pleasant rcnlts
from one or two little Dr. Kdw.mls'
Olive Tablets at bedtime.
Thousands t,ikc one or tw rvcry
jiiht just to kr'l rinlit. 'lry them.
VJc and -3c per box. All di uisl.
t:K( OF MANILA,
mm
tmml
y Wt -r
-feat."
i
l urtial toiiewc passi:iz down'l'cnnsj hania avenue, capitol in background ; pl.-ring the caskrt on a cr.i--,:n which
headed the great cortege to Arlington cemetery; President and Mrs. Wiisun and nav'al oiiicers at fui.rrjl.
With honors s?lito:'.i eouaieJ
body was taken to the rational ceme'ery at Arlington. Thousands viewed
I'finsyivtnia avenue. Every meiiibtr of ollicial Washington, intluding a
U.CSCIll it t2 ialiCiai sei vices.
Quick
r-Cold Relief
is usually found through the prompk
administration of a mildly laxative,
dispersive tonic one that will scat
ter the inflammation, remove the
waste, and help Nature to build up
resistance.
Peruna is That Tonic.
Its action is prompt, usually very
effective, and its use is without harm
ful effects. Every household should
keep it at hand for this purposp,and
every catarrhal sufferer should reg
ularly use this reliable remedy.
'9 The tablet form will be found very
convenient. A tablet or two at the
very beginning of a cnld will fre
quently prevent its development,
and these tablets may be taken reg
ularly with beneficial results.
Manvrj refer
) .the liquid form
I'l Y hlch for nearly
m . M mui century hi
'l.i .v. .
of tha American
Home.
Both are eoo4.
Your druFct can
supply you.
The)
PERUNA CO.
Columbus,
Ohio
m
4
rr in h
1 iilUl 1
fy Erl
BAY IS LAID AT REST AS
i
.
3f TO"
in the nation's hiotory, the country pai'i
DOG RACING TEAMS PUT
INTO DAKOTA TOWN
AKDOC. N. I.. Jan. 26. Three lead-.
offices:
Bisbee
Douglas
Globe
Jerome
Prescott
Phoenix
P O BOX 279
9 f a:..
1 mmim-n-
'
5
r i -A7t f f MtV' ar s..-v i : Jr : : .'f
HKIKC.- ir.ws
iITH GA
THE LITTLE PORTABLE GAS HEATER ENABLES YOU
TO QUICKLY CONVERT THE COLDEST ROOM IN
YOUR HOUSE TO WARMTH AND CHEER IT GIVES
Con
SJ WHERE YOU WANT IT
WHEN
LIGHTS AT THE FLASH OF A MATCH CONNECTS
ilY A FLEXIBLE METALLIC TUBE AND CAN BE
EASILY MOVED FROM ONE ROOM TO ANOTHER.
QUICK SAFE CLEAN
Prices $2.75 to $7.00
mm
NATION MOURNS
.:.v5-
i j
'I
triliute to Admiral
s h'S
the funeral c! tege Pi it na.-et! f'own
best of foreign repreooiilaliveo, Wi.3
-is teams in the 52 iii'le Uc race
roni .iuiieii K to St. I'aul stopped
ere for the niht at 6:13 p. m. and
Viason Market
Try a Chuck Roast
1 8c pound. t
' Kraut, 2 tbs. for 25c.
Sour, Sweet, Dill Pickles.
Cotton-tails, 25c.
Star Ham, 29c.
Fhone 3 2 4
Direct Wire Connection with
Jerorr.e and All Our Offices.
T n Y
1"- ,
R. ALLYN LEWIS
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL. BISBEE.
JOHN A. CAMPBELL. Manager.
BONDS, STCCKS, INVESTMENTS
Ordcrj Executed for Cash or on Proper Margin
E. F. hutton 4 Co 's Private
Leased Wire to All Exchanges
YOU WANT IT
Iml
9 IF YOU DONT SABE"
Ask Art
an hour and a half later the other five
contestants went Into camp at Minto,
N. D., with only 7.3 miles separating
th.-m with the leaders.
Gunnar Tomasson of Gimli, Man.,
Mike Kelley of iiecla, Man., nd Hyur
tur HaiiL'jn of Stlkirk, Man., continued
tj hold the first positions having cov
ered 46 9 miles today in nine hours
and forty-five minutes
QUITS SHIPPING BOARD
BALTIMORE, Jan. 2. Bernard N.
Baker of Baltimore, recently appoint
. 1 a nie.nber of the shipping board
j.nd conUnned by the senate or.iy a
i.w days ago. is said to have resigned
from that body, according to informa
tion of a reliable character here.
It is understood that the President
has accepted Mr. Baker's resignation
but no statement either from the
white house of Mr. Baker was given
out -
A: far snd Get x3
THE HiGHEfr QUALITY
SPAGHETTI
36 Agf Recipe Book Free
SKINXER MFG.C0. 0MAKA.UJA
f TSTMAjrOMIfanli:iJV(c0:f,
COLLINS
and
BRETKERTON
Specializing in
AND
,ii i
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 2G
CORRESPONDENT
E. F. Hutton & Co.
Members New York
stock Exchange
TELEPHONE
135
1
n
n b n r. . a a
' !'. v- THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY 27, 1917.
SEVEN
t
1
i
1
!
u
i
4
i
i
4
i
i
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under thui iead at the race of 1 cem per word for each
esue with a minimum chary of 25 cents. Advertise-tents must reach The
n(rtr not later than i p. m. for insertion In tbe nett morning paper
Wan
irJ
practical
405
WANTED Nursing by
nurse. Phone 449.
WANTED When wanting help
wnntr
employment call up 526.
3S5
WANTED Work, any kind, by well
educated, healthy young man H.
E.. care Review. 404
WANTED Girl or woman to do gen
eral house work. Apply C. F.
, Knapp, Warren. 403
WANTED Lady housekper also
help tend store, good home and
good . wages. Inquire Home Indus- j
try Furniture Store, opposit Bank
of Lowell. 3tfu
WANTED Lady housekeeper also
help tend store, good home and
good wages. Inquire Home Indus
try Furniture Store, opposite Bank
of Lowell. 318
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
L. B WHITNEY. Lawyer, Rooms -
Allen Block. Open evcuines. Phone
547 . (109)
Contractor and builder. W. F. White,
Phone Green 4GS. 21 O. K. Street.
27
.Hif-h grade portraits, up to date
frames. E. Busaong, Bailey Hotel,
Box 2149. 2S1
TTTF MOOSE HOTEL (Old Kinney
Hnusol F'irnishfd room ? .ei
week and up. with gas; also light
housekeeping rooms 17?;
P. J. McCullough, contractor. Phone
20. Box 934. Excavating, retain
ing walls, concrete houses, wells
and mining work is my specialty.
221
Bisbee Mattress and upholstering
work, Hughes Block. We make ov
er old mattresses as good as new.
Free delivery. Phone 734. 484
REOPENING of old Mason black -
smith, shop. Horse shoeing, buggy
' .,,
a specially, aii ana see me, i in ;
treat you right. J. L. Strayick, :
Prop.
206
Miscellaneous
B. H. 1 Club meets at city hall Sun-
day, Jrn. 2, 11 o'cloci.
406
If the party who took the plaid robe j
fro-a the automobile in front of V.
W. C. A. Monday evening will return
same to this office he will receive
?d ana no questions as.cea. ait ,
Learn actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A., Los Angeles. Cat
alogs free. 955
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for all
kinds of work in our line. Pat Clea
ry, manager. Box 1495. Phone 720.
FOR SALE Highest cash prices paid
for iecond hand furniture, stoves,
clothing and tools Uncle Jim's,
Brewery Cnlch - 31
LOST
LOST Diamond sunburst
Return to
Mr. Eniil Marks receive liberal re
ward. 108
LOST Collie dog 8. months of ase,
answers to name of Roy. Fiuder
notify George Fearon, 100 Warren
Hill. , 378
To Exchange
Hare two watches, .centlemens; will
exchange for phonograph and rec
ords. What have you? Box 2265 Bis
bee. 374
FOUND
FOUND Kur collar on Subway St. I
Owner may have same by identify
ing same and paying for ad.
Our Want Adds Bring Results
f
PETEY DINK He Can't Even
"Ml j
i'i.-v
j Furnished Room
j FOR RENT Rooms, Elliott Flats. j
1 ' 344 1
or . FOR RENT Room close in. 6 Quality !
try Furniture Store, opposite Bank
FOR RENT Newly furnished rooms
next to B. I., 21 O. K. St 2S2
FOR RENT Furnished room for one I
gentleman above Independent Fuel
office, Main St . 370
FOR RENT Room furnished for
batching, has fire-place. Custom
House. 351
FOR RENT I room house furniture
for sale. Van Dyke St., near old
school. Warren. 407
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms, lights and water. 41B O. K.
Trail. 412
FOR RENT Nice, clean batching ap
artment for one or two men. Rent
reasonable to right party. Opera
Drive 153.
For Sale.
POR SALE Ford, a bargain, M. C.j
High, Allen Block. 24S i
FOR SALE 4 room house 129 Upper
Lowell cheap if taken at once. 375
FOR SALE One Sterling piano. In
quire Arizona Grocery Store. 52
'OR SALE Ford touring car at a
bargain See .Robinson Trophy
Garage, Lowell. 543
FOR SALE 2 dozen white Leghorn
pullets, 18 White Rock pullets of 9
months old. Call Black 478. 325
FOR SALE At Mason Addition. No.
11 Lowell, rose bushes and shrub
bery and geraniums. Phone Blue
434. Mrs. John Rainey. 373
FOR SALE Lots on Win wood Add.
An ideal location for families.
Terms $10.00 down and $10.00 a
i monm. Mrs. winwooa, mwooa
1 Ald. 3 47
FOR SALE in Warren. 4 room house.
8x28 sleeping porch 6x22 back
porch. Cellar, garage, level lot.
Iron fence, flower and fruit trees,
one block from car line. Terms.
Address Box 3414 Lowell. 402
F0R SALE 2 lots in Salt Lake CUy.
I Utah, good location close in, will
accept Ford auto as part payment,
balance monthly payments.- For
particulars Inquire F. J. Keogh, old
Mason shop, Lowell. 377
iitrnttttre FOR SALE Th John.
son Addition Furniture Co.
wants
to pay you the highest cash prices
for your second hand furniture. Al
so wants to trade or exchange you
new furniture for your old. We will
sell you furniture cheaper than
anybody on easy payments. Call
In at the big brick building at the
.Tojmson Addition and let us show
yon our large and selected stock of
house furnishings, or phone us at
our store. Phone 3S5. Johnson Ad
dition. DOUGLAS INCOME PROPERTY
$5000 hotel, heart of city, 28 rooms'
fully furnished, new furniture. In-
ie $0 per day. long lease. jow U?r the purpose of forming a corpora-j
t. This is a money maker. MustP0"1 U"der the Iaw" f thC tat f
come
ren
be cash. ,
$5000 4 apartment flat close to center
of business district, netting 20 per
cent on price. Half cash will ban
lie. Douglas property is a good invest-
ment tor big or little money. Ask ;
c , B'l
514 10th St., Douglas. oS6
THE DAILY REVIEW
WANT ADS BRING
RESULTS
Match His Brains Against a
ivi CA-SE: ) ook A V rr
I i'u Take a fJ V 'REfc-JLAc MAi izr. 1 ; i
A -HOLE IVJ '
Er,V t, i.r;7&Z f V i
Tl' sTi.HBII I f-" -i'J lYJ III rTT. IH.rMt
r-sK'J HAIMfrtttt,., 7WJff'mWJV:)S&. " I I III
NEW PICTURE OF
a v'tT i i ; -tft
u -:v-;V 1 i ifmi
I . : 1 . ' i i 1 j : i -VV
y.-" Txg
r
KufcseH
STATE OF ARIZONA
Office of the
Arizona Corporation Commission
L'nlted States of America, )
) ss.
State W Arizona )
The Arizona Corporation Commis
sion does hereby certify that the an
nexed is a true and complete tran
script of the
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION"
OF
"BISBEE-TOMBSTONE COPPER
MINING COMPANY"
which were filed in the off.ee of said
Arizona Corporation Commission on
the 9th day of January A D. 1917, at
2:00 'o'clock p. m., as provided by law.
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, The
Arizona Corporation Commis
sion, by its Chairman, has here
(Seal) unto set its hand and affixed
its Official Seal. Done at the
city of Phoenix, the Capitol,
this 10th day of January A. D.
1917.
Arizona Corporation Commission.
F. A. JONES,
Attest: Chairman.
W. N. SANGSTER,
Secretary.
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF '
BISBEE-TOMESTONE COPPER '
MINING COMPANY
KnAuu All Men Hv Thru -presents:
, .... ...... y
mat we. me unaersigneu, nave vji-jo
untaruy associated ourselves togetner ;
Arizona: .
AND WE HEREBY CERTIFY AS
FOLLOWS: i
The name of the corporation shall
5- - AiRU4
ibe "Bisbee-Torabsfone, Copper Mining i veiopmg, exploring and .maintaining ot
(Company", and its principal place ofimineSf prospects and milling proper
business shall be at tBisbcc. Cochise
county. State of Arizona.
' L I
The narnes, residences and post of- i
,fice addresses of the incorporators are
as roiiows: j. Lu Barnwell, u. u.
Wager, Walter Stanley, C. J. Winters,
C. P. Thomas, F. E. Thomas and E. B.
ind V Tt '
I Wallace, the address of each being
i Bisbee, Cochise County, Arizona.
ThP trrneral nature of the business
'to he transacted bv this comoration !
in as follows- (1) To own operate I
acquire, buy, sell, locate, denounce
patent, bond, lease, mortgage, dispose i
Hole
ak . .
- 1 BETTER MA Alfo
1 .1 I -r s- . . I i V. I I I
xi lie u 3m
HARRY THAWS
Thav.
BOSTON MILITIA RETURNS
EL PASO, Jan. 2ri. The Massachu
setts field ambulance company No. 2
will be the first Vf the nalioni.1 guard
troops to leave the bonier out of thos:
just ordered home by General Funs
ton. They are scheduled to leave here
for Boston tomorrow according to
Brigadier General Ge'orge Bell, Jr. The
Second Kentucky Infantry expects to
":dve , , , IV " , V , c
olina Infantry Thursday and the Sec-
ond Pennsylvania Field Artillery Fri
day. of and control mines, mining inter
ests and pi'jperties and til rights, in
lerests, easements, pr:--ilc;;es and
franchises thereunto in any way ap
pertaining; (2) To acquire, buy, sell.
conduct, carry on, manage, cont.oi.
ntile e-ital Iish-'
an cue e.-iaun n-,
rent and lease inercan
iiients, stores, depots and warehouses;
(:i) To own, construct, build, buy, sell,
rent and lease all structures, build
inns and erecting necessary or proper
tor the business of the corporation;
(4) T) acquire, by purcbatc or other-
wisp, ovin, conduct, operate, lease,
!nut, exchange, sell, mortgase, dispose
G1 ana deal in smelters, mills, reduc-
tion works, shafts and warehouses,
store houses and rooms, magazines,
a ....,....,...-
jU'llL'UUUIIla, rilUViUUS OUU LlLliLUllCi
every sort and character whatso-
eVei, necessary and proper in carry-
u. business of
iUon; (f,) To P'-'. TC
the corpora-
rent, own, buy.
sell, and manufacture iuiDiements.
tools, machinery, supplier, tools and
equipment, of every sort and charac-
tt-r wnatsoevcr, for the working, de-
QU,Pl. hid. Luv. te!l. rent, lease.
mortgage, control and deal in real J
ropeity; (7) To biiv, sell, raise, mar-
jket, own, butcher and deal in cattle!
aua iive stot-k, and to manufacture
!aUlI ti,.al in tne I)loUucts thereof; (8) I
:
MlfPLirt'Tr'! .' J'H v."" I
r,nlllIt.O I h'A U I'lLLd - STv
tlVii1Ai:ui-ii- A i
ZlUrJtK Ztt :5V rer.-O)
r i rr - ;:r. y - -r-- 7V. - . a i
N sr. VI t.T' if.' ,Pi V !
B ,,t-,'- A.kVriiM il-TrBi
ffin Lnwi s Bct. Safest. A I ways Rrlial-I
SOLO BV DRUGGISTS tVf RVWhLRf
i
i To construct, own, operate and man-1
i&e raiirouUs, tramways, turn pikes
' and canals, leading lrom its principal
' work.s and place s of business i'j some
j.oavigable stroaai, or to some existing
railroad, turnpike or public highway;
lo ovwi, acquire, construct, operate
and control irrigation ditches, dams,
.u.in-s, uranis ana gateways; (9) To
uuy, tell, reul, lease, iiiorlijake, ex
cuaiiKe, till, cultivate aud manage
larms and tar:n lands, as the same
.iuiy b coaiu lnciuenl and proper to
.;ie business Di Hie corporation, (10) ;
. u cunjuuet, own, operate, control,
...a dispose ol every character u
ji.it piaiu, wnetner upeiated by
oce.ii, eiectric, liter or otner power,
ill) lu acquire, uolii, own, pledge,
and sell the slock or shares tit other '
corporations; To issue, acquire, I
take, hold, pledge, sell and deal in j
promissory notes, dratts, bills ot ex
cUaue and ouligaiius ol every sort
ana chaiaclei', provided Inat no ouusa
lion, t any character, shall be issued
by tnis corporation in excess of the
liability of the Company as herein
set forth and as provided by law; (13)
To enter into contracts of all sorts,
to lend or borrow money and take Vr
give security for the payment there -
of; (14) To do any and all things
wjiieh a natural person might and
could do in the matter of the transac
t;on of the business of the corpora-
lion uiij in ti:e promotion and r.ian
iae.uem ol i'.s iiueiyst.
3.
The auioiiiit oi the capital stuck tf
this coiv'Mtiun sr.aU oe ($iov,000.0))
: i'ive .lundred thousand Dollars,
I which ;;ha!l be divided into (Ot'U.iiOil)
live hundred thousand shares of the
j par value oi $1.00) One Dollar, per
share; which shares shall be and must
j be iully paid up at tr.e date of the
1 tiurtot, aaU shall be tore.tr
' l.VU-ii.'-'.'o: iLlj, bUt StUU SlOCli .iifa.'
Lit pa.d tor iu money, seric.a, proper
ty, r.liLS, envciisaw, priwiiesea er
.;iit;nu ol value, auu ti.e juuiucni
oi tne iioard oi directors shall Le for
ever conclusive, both m to tbe actual
value of the said stock and the con
sideration paid therelor; in the ab
sence of fraud "Or any collusive agree
ment
4.
The time of the commencement of
this corporation sbail be when these
articles of incorporation hall be filed
! for record iu the oGice of the Corpora i
tiou Coniniissi'jn of the Slate ot Ari
zona, at H.'jt iiix, Arizona, a certilied
copy thereof recorded in the office of
the County Recorder of Cochise Coun-'
ty, Arizona, at Tombstone, Arizona, in
which County the principal place of
business of the corporation is to be,
and a certificate of incorporation de
livered to this corporation by the Cor-
tporation Commission of the State M
. ....
: Arizona.
The life of th!j corporation shall bo J
for twenty-hve years from said date, ;
bat it may be renewed lrom time to
time, ior nerinfi aw hv law inrlirAi-pil
. ... .. .;. :: '
uoi lu e.vceeu iweuiy-iive years, upon
the taking 'ol prouer le;;al steDs lor
such renewal.
I 5. j
I The all airs of this corporation shab j
be con(llIcteJ cy a Board of five Direc-
. nii,hnr m o i
" . ' lZ . k
the stoc kholders at any annual meet-
ing or at any special meeting called '
for that purpose.
The Board of Directors shall be '
elected at the first annual meeting 'oi I
the stockholders of the corporation '
which shall be 'held at the principal j
place of business of the corporation a. :
Bisbee, Cochise County, Arizona, on I
tiie 4th day of January, 19) s, nd the''
members of such board of directors ;
shall be elected annually thereafter
at such annual meetings to be held on I
the first Friday, of each year. I
The oiiioers of the corporation shall
be a President, Vice-President, Secre- j
tary and Treasurer, (the latter two
offices may be filled by the same per- '
son). ' ' j
All vacancies In office may be filled '
.iy the Board of directors, and those
elected thereto shall hold office until ;
next annual meeting. '
Those who shall serve as the Board
jf Directors until the first annual
" V. V. .V V,-'
. , II' 2 "' "
(ami r. r.. i nomas; anu ino omcers 10
u serve uiiiii inut nine snail
De c- J- W inters, President.- Vice-
President. J. C. Barkwell and Secre-
. . n
lar "u ' "'asurer t . i: i nomas.
6-
The highest amount of iiulebtedness -
or liability, direct or contingent, to
which this corporation shall at any j
AKif MMEH .
( HTCW MV BRAUS. j
I agai wcr a mw . (
f y
..Lodge
WEEK ENDING JANUARY 2.1.
.Monday .
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
urasy
N. C. ELEDSOE, W. M.
B. T. WATKINS. Secy. F. &. A. M.
A M COLWELL. E. II. P.
C. F. PH1LI5ROOK, T I M.
.' i: l- RY, K. C.
F S DAVENPORT, Secy. Chapter &
Commander'.
W
R. BANKS, Secy. CouncU.
LUUUC NO. 67i.
Regular meeting first and third
1 Ftida, 0f eacri month. Visiting broth-
era cordially Invited to attend.
CHARLES S BEAR Zxalted Ruler.
R. B. COOVER Secretary.
B'SBEE LODGE NO. 10. I O. O P.
atWl. eei .
y"-tam'm Veducsd.;
' jfjL 3 evening nl
isz' ss? Odd Fellows,
Hail, iiain street at 7:00 p. ni. Visit
ing brothers cordially invited to at
tend. Kali phone 119.
C'AItL V. NELSON. N. G.
'j. A PLUNK err, Sereta-v
.OYAi, CRAN3E INSTITUTION
".TED STATES OF AMERiCA
t I il
-ts In L O
o. F. Hall sec
ond and fourth .
Saturday a 1 1
7:30 p. m. Vis-
t'ng Brothers!
cordially In-
rited to attend. :
GEO. SLEE- !
MAN, W. M
ROB'T FERGUS, Secy., Box 426.
Bisbee.
CNiOR ORDER UNITED i
AMERICAN M.ECHANIC6!
Meet in. Medigovicn!
nail, second and fourth
raw. u-v.
Visiting brothers wel-
roma
HOMER C. TREES !
touucucr.j
W. A CUNNINGHAM j
KecorOiUK aev )
time suhtert itself, shall in n"! rnse
. -. - r
ik more man rive nunureu mousaua
($i0U,ut)0.0U) Dollars.
The private property of the stock-'
holders ot this corporation is hereby '
expressly made and declared exempt
from all liability or corporate debts,
in: viitmxu vi-ui-di'iv
of January, A. D. 1917.
O. G. WAGER K. B. WALIVCE
J. C. BARKWELL J. W. STANLEY
C. P. THOMAS C. J. WINTERS
F. E. THOMAS
State of Ariztma, )
) ss.
County of Cochise )
Before me, G. W. Totnian. a Notary
Public, in and for the County of Co-
chise. Stale of Arizona, personally ap-
peared, J. L. Barkwell, O. G. Wager.
Walter Stanley, C. J. Winters, C. P.
Thomas. F. E. Thomas and E. B. Wal-
lace, known to me to be the perstons
whose names are subscribed to the
foregoing articles of incorporation, and
they and each of them, acknowledged
to me that they signed and executed
the same for the purposes and con
sideration therein set forth.
Witness my hand and "Official seal j
this fth day of January, 1917. i
(Seal)
G. W. TOTMAN,
Notary Public as aforesaid.
My Commission expires Dec. 30,
1918.
Filed in the office of the Arizona Cor-
poraiion t omnussion mis yiu day oi
Jan. A. D. 1917. at 2:t0 P. M. at re -
quest of FRANK E. THOMAS, whose
posi omce auuress is liox liisoee,
. . ... , . ... ... .
Arizona.
Arizona Corporation Commission,
By F. E. JONES.
Chairman.
I
(IP
1 f HELP'?) Ifr H
V ; 47 , v l l'V
I y.--.-.-r1 Mk' ' ViStV-
Notices...
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rath bone Lodge No. II
KnlghU of PythU
meet ach Tburada
'except seconds to Od.'
KfeUowa Hall at 7:3t
p m Visiting brother
o-d:lly larlted
US
rtARL SOBLEY, C. C.
I v' KRIGBAITM. K or Ik r
i f a
i MATERNAL
ROTHERHOO-
Blsbee Lodge n
452 meets The l
and 3rd Moud
of each uontl. .
7:30 at Odd r'e.
lows' Hall Wli
: lag members cordially Invited
H. L. FENNnit, President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI, Treasurer.
I Box 722, Tel. 23. Red.
CATHERINE SALHOLM. Sjcrety
BISBEE LODGE NO. 71
Meets every rn-. a.,. -visiting
bro'.herr., cird!cHj
J. V. PETTEY. DI-j
KAY ROSS. Sccivijr
o t
Bl.-b,r
if'. O fe. ui
and third Mouu..
S p. m.. Eagie IluIL
Visitors cordially welcome.
RICHARD DAVIS, President
M. D. COHEN. Aerie PUyalcUn.
.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES
OF SECURITY.
Bisbee Council No. 2115 meet la
Medigovich Hall every second and
Fourth Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY, Pres.
E. LINDQUIST. Fin. Box 3246, Lowell
INEZ McKlNNEY. Box 3453, Low4L
WOODMEN CIRCLF
Meets In Medigovich Hall Sad aci
4ih Fridays of each month. 304
ELLEN FOLLEY. Guardian
PAULINE F. BROWN. Oerlt.
"
Ad-fertwement.
urvi.ccK viooimcm nr surp.."
Bisbee Camp No
13415. Meet flr3t Tue
day at Odd Fellow
HalL
R. L. MOTZ.
Cbcsul
H. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk
CVr"i5
Soif
jn.
v-sMir
PYThiAN SISTE.HS.
Lily Temple No. 3, meet every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
I month at Odd Fellows' Hall Vlrtttnt
sisters are cordially mmed. 19
OLIVE BAILEY. M. E. C
HONORA MUNCH. M. of B- C
WOODMEN OF THE WQRLD'
nju l.F anJ 1-A X' - A
nesday at 7:30 Brophy
HalL
Ik. ..4 M
L. WINTERS. C. C
B. THOMAS. Clerk,
Hall. All Woodmen invited.
I. O. R. M.
Meets first and thiro
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
In Medigovich Hall All
risltlng Red Men Invited
to attend.
JOHN KELLY. Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. -.dkine Mai..
F. C. FENDERSO.o. ?. ot R.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
Pearl Chapter No.
meets In Masonic Hall
second and fourth Tues
day of each month at 7:30
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS.
rVorthy Matron.
Phone 230 P. O. Box S41. Bisbee.
MRS. JT.'SSE BEV.W. Sec'y. P. O. Box
2299, Chairman Relief Com. Phone 647
By C A. Voiglit
IP
pTin.
6 1,! EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY 27, 1917.
TONIGHT.
TONIGHT
QUALITY FIRST.
THE AMERICAN FILM COMPANY PRESENTS
THE POPULAR BROADWAY STAR
RICHARD BENNETT
IN
liii iiiiJ Law mlo
UP FROM CANANEA.
Harry U McKay, general manager
of the Oi-iiinciiita mine in Cananca, is
h visitor in i Ik- iiy.
NOTED CARTOONIST AND BRIDE ARE OFF
TO TREASURE ISLAND FOR HONEYMOON
Wanted, plain niul fancy dressmak
Ins. room 11. Hughe Hlork. Ail v. 3!2 i
GILMORE OVER.
V. ( Gilmorc. attr.rnoy from Tomb
stone, was a isiior in tin- cily yes
terday from his home -in the county
seat.
A car every hour, Blsbee to Doug
las. Good cars and careful drivers
xmerlcan Stage Line. Phone 366.
Advertisement
A Powerful .Drama of Capital Punishment.
PATHE "NEWS NO. 104
Showing Current Events of the week.
ADMISSION - - - 10 and IS Cents.
Tickets Issued on - Coupons Accepted for Any
Performance.
GOES HOME.
Allan R. English. Tombstone .attor
ney, returned to his home in the coun
fy seat yesterday after spending sev
eral days in the Warren District.
i
'- J
J8
MINERS UNION DANCE
To be held in I'niou hall Sunday
evening, Jan. 1'S. Dancing 8:30.
Advertisement. 357
RETURNS TO POOLE.
A. Herron. fonnerly a Bisbee busi
ness man and now operating a store
at Poole, north of Benson, returned
j to his ho e yesterday after viridng
friends in Bisbee. for several days.
The Home of Real Reel Feature
Continuous from 1 to 10.
WILLING TO FIGHT FOR PEACE
That's Lish Henly, Westerner, who thinks there are too
many lawless people m the world. He gets rid of some
of them by fist-power, and many more with his wits-'
WILLIAM FOX PRESENTS
GEORGE WALSH
In this new photoplay
A Thrilling Picturization of a World Famous Book.
ADMISSION - - - - 10 and 15 Cents
Tickets Issued on Coupons Accepted for Any
Performance.
Morrow Chiropodist removes corns
b"nions, Ingrowing nails without pain.
Instant relief, office 2 doors from city
pork. Brewery Gulch. Adv. 254
YOUNG BCY BURIED,
j riiT MarMnovich. the two and a
I fcplf year old son of Lou's and Mrs
"artinovioh of Johnson Add'tion, who
i "I'ed of rnetiTionia nt the hone of his
, wents Thursday, was buried yester
day afternoon in Evergreen cemetery,
'"r'ther Metro-ich, of the Greek
"hurch. officiated.
ORIGINAL Bl SB EE-TOMBSTONE
STAGE LINE.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
daily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co. Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. 939
(Advertisement)
GOES TO TOMBSTONE.
James Powell, deputy county asses
sor and city assessor, leaves this
morn'ns for Tombstone where he will
confer with the county assessor Ed
Hughes. Powell is making rapid pros
ress in his work in the Warren District.
LYRIC
: TODAY
"THE STAMPEDE"
Three Reel Drama
"THE BATTLE ROYAL"
One Reel Comedy.
HIT BY AUTO.
Paul Franks, a boy residing in
Tomtstone Canyon, while riding his
Nvcle in the neighborhood of the
Warren Laundry yesterday afternoon
mde on the wrong side of the street
and collided with a light delivery
truck, driven by John Williams. AI
houeh hurt to some extent, Frank's
injuries are not thought to be serious.
Eagles Dance Saturday night, Jan
uary 27th. McAIeer's orchestra. Danc
ing 8:30. Advertisement. 3S0
SERVICES FOR GIRLS Y. W. C A.
Oo Sunday afternoon at 5 o'clock.
Rev. John E. Fry will conduct a spe
cial service for girls. A most cordial
invitation is extended to all girls of
the city. Advertisement. 411
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows' Hail. Visiting
sisters aie cordially invited.
AXXA HART. M. E. C.
JEAXET SWEENEY, M. of R. C.
MARRIAGE LICENSE ISSUED.
Harry Waiters and Ella Wilson,
both or Lowell, have taken out a mar
riage license from the clerk of the
superior court in To T.bstone.
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE
trwln Studio. Main Street. 857
Advertisement.
OVER FROM TOMBSTONE.
Will'am Lutley and Mrs. Lutley of
Tombstone motored ver yesterday
froni their home and visited Mr. and
i Mrs. H. M. Woods of -this city. They
returned to Tombstone last evening
Lutley has extensive ranch interests
in the Chiricahuas and declares that
conditions point to a very successful
season for the cattlemen of the coun-
V-
PRINTERS MOVE,
The plant of the Bisbee Printing
' Company, owned formerly by JacV
Rynn. will be moved to the Dabovicr
huildfng the first part of next week
and will become a part of the paper
which is in prospect in the city. The
Pure Milk Depot will occupy the room
j ''ade vacant by the printing comnanv
The milk depot has bcn located in
the Jacks building on Main Street
for months.
Theatre
Tonight Only.
Tonight Only
Commencing 5:30.
Special
Added
. FATHE PRESENTS
LITTLE MARY SUNSHINE
(Baby Marie Osborne)
In the Five Part Gold Rooster Play.
"Joy and the
tan
PRODUCED BY BALBOA UNDER THE
DIRECTION OF HENRY KING
SEE WHAT THE CRITICS SAY:
"The gods have been lavish in their favors to this four
year old girl. She has imagination, intelligence, a win
ning peisonality and magnetism, the power to catch
and hold attention." Edward Weitzel, Moving Picture
World.
ADMISSION
10 and 15 Cents
Attraction
INDIAN JOE AND
HIS "CHEYENNE
FRONTIER DAY
"PICTURES." THE
ONLY REAL PIC
TURE SHOWING
THE COWBOY
SPORTS DURING
THIS YEARLY
EVENT.
; b . Ua(r M
.
II
GEORGE WALSH LEADS
IN THE MEDIATOR
FOX FEATURE PLAY
Prominent Actor Has the Best
Recipe in World for Happi
ness and Applies the Rule
on Every Occasion.
George Walsh's recipe for happiness
is simple: have a home and live in it.
Ceorge has one of hi- own in Holly
jwood. Cal., where are the William Fox
studios at which. The Meiliator
which plays at Hie Royal today anil
Sunday, was made; and George lives
; in it. and is happy,
j Mr. Walsh is a home loving man.
His bungalow is tilled to the eaves
nith all the comforts of home, and lie
i himself is one of the chief dispensers
of these comforts. If it Is a matter of
j cooking. Georue dons his chefs api'on
and goes into the kitchen. In ten
minutes, he will have ready the most
j appetizing waffle, salad, or ice, any
visitor could want.
The kitthen is not the only place
of cbartn tend delight about the prem
ises. There is a truck garden, in
which George likes to pass his morn
ings when he is not acting. There is
a little front porch with vines and aj
hammock, where Gt'orge can read
without fear of interference. There
a den, hung lavishly with trophies of
hard fought baseball and football
games, and mementoes of crew
struggles at Poughkeepsie.
All in all, George Walsh's home is
la most inviting place. He manages to
keep it full or company all the time,
for without tympany George Walsh
Is despondent.
"The more there are the merrier."
says the actor, "and I like to be very
merry."
Price and
economy
become partners
when you wear
STYLEPLUS. The
price is low but the
quality is high. A
great fashion artist
designs the models.
Styleplus
riothne 4?l
are the achieve
ment of one of
the largest
makers who
specialize on
this suit that always sells
for $17. All wool fabrics,
beautifully made guaran
teed to wear.
Come hen and tee
WM Mf'
Ta K Cv. . -VT ft n
I7rl T i -HL
i
Mr. and Mrs. John T. McCutcheon just after their wedding.
John T. McCutcheon, the famous Chicago cartoonist, and his bride,
wlio was Miss Evelyn Shaw, are on their way to the Bahamas, one island
of winch is owned by McCutcheon. Here they will spend their honeymoon,
returning in April. Treasure inland is the name of their new home in thu
tropic stas, and it i said to he verttahle fairyland. '. ,
COPPER QUEEN BAND
WILL PLAY TONIGHT
The following -program will be play
ed on the streets tonight, starting at
seven o'clock, by the Copper Queen
band:
March, "B. and B.55 King
Remick's Popular Hits Lampe
Cornet Solo. "Bride of the Waves"
Elbert Veale, soloist Clarke
Selection, "King Dodo" Luders
Baritone Solo, "Fascination," John
Watson, soloist Barnes
Serenade, "A Night In June". . .King
March, "The Guiding Star." Streberitz
Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath, S8 Mason
-Till. Mason Hill car stop.
(Advertisement)
MAY INVITE SPEAKER.
George Wharton James, noted lec
'urer and writer of the state of Call
'orniit, may visit: Bisbee within the
next few-weeks, if the tentative plans
if the Warren District Commercial
Club materialize. James is n,ow in
Tucson delivering a series of lectures
before the University of Arizona. It
is possible he may come to Bisbee
?nd address two meetings.
BALLARD KNOWN HERE.
Joe Ballard, the young man who
died from burns at Douglas three days
ago. formerly attended the Lowell
school, and was one of the most bril
liant athletesthe schoo 1 ever had.
Eallard was noted in basketball in re
lay races and in the broad jumps as
the peer of the district.
MINING MAN IN.
J. J. Hurlbert. financial agent of the
Great Ray Copper company with prop
erty in the Ray district, arrived in
Bisbee yesterday morning fron Los
Angeles. According to Hurlbert the
financing jf Great Ray will be com
pleted within thirty days ani the work
now mapped out will be vigorously
sent forward. A chm i drill will be
put on the claims and '!.! ground de
veloped in this fashion. Hurlbert will
remain here several uay-t on fousmiss
connected with the organization.
Want to buy at once, 5 room house
Warren, between school house and
Front street Phone J. U Winters.
Lowell. Advertisement. 342
Ride on the American Stage Line,
Bisbee to Douglas. Phone 366.
PEACE
of mind and health of body can be ob
tained by visiting the dentist regular
ly. Dr. Teufert. Maze Bids.. Sanitary
Dental office. Advertisement 3C3
FOR SALE
4 room house Don Luis, two lots
cheap. Phone J. L. Winters, Lowell.
Advertisement 341
WEE MAIDEN ARRIVES.
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur L. Clautner
announce the birth of a daughter at
the Copper Queen hospital yesterday
morning. Mr. Clautner is steward at
the Copper Queen hotel.
BOWLING
The individual bowling tournament
was played at the Y" last night with
the following results:
Martyr 175 128 139
Hawley 146 143
Drury 154 tS
Wm. Brown -15S 167 156
Rogers 167 138 162 14?
Jones 174 179 158 157
C. A. Smith 14S 123 165 122 ISO 12S
Eonadies ...122 155 192 146
Amos 114 1S2 123 169
Hall 128 114
Hudson 17S 161
Coduan 137 162 140 13S 149 160
Expert repairing on fine watches
nd jewelry; diamond setting, engrav
Tr and general repairing. Minton
ve postoffice jeweler Lowell.
Advertisement. 343
".OUNTY 'BULLS' MOVE.
Yesterday was moving day and Con
-able J. Bfrt Policy and Deputy Sher
T J. L. 'Red' Gannon caught the spir
!t of the occasion and trnnsferred
"eir antiquated desk from the city
oiirt to that, of Judge M. C. High, in
he Allen Block. To make matters
"ttpr or worse Bert caused the
lesk to be painted a bright green so
s to harmonize with the wall decora
tions in the Judge's new office.
-SOES TO SAN DIEGO.
Gus Hickey. controlling factor in the
Ous Hickey company, leaves this even
ing for San Diego, after spending
ifjut a week in the city on business.
9ICES HERE.
Joe Rice and Mrs. Rice, the former
representative of the Hercules Powder
"ompany arrived in Bisbee last even
ing and will remain here for some
time.
MINSTRELS REHEARSE.
The Y. M. C. A. minstrels will re
hearse again Sunday afternoon at 2
o'clock in the educational rtiom at the
Y. -M. C. A. building. It is not yet
too late for members to join the
troupe in a demonstration of their his-'
tronic talent satisfies. Musician num-
bers will be selected at this reheersal.
Tailor made shirts, new patterns.
Millard & IJateman, Allen Block.
Advertisement.
(CAPITAL EAGER TO
I HEAR MRS. VISCONTI
DIES OF INJURIES.
W. B. Craig, secretary of the Ari-sona-Ilisbee
Copper company died yes
terday at a Phoenix hospital of in
juries received in an automobile
wreck in Phoenix about ten days ag.
Mr. Craig was a New York lawyer
nid represented eastern capital inter
?sted in the Bisbee enterprise. He was
known in this district and his sudden
death shocked his many friends over
the state.
M
WeG
ui Meats
You can cut the high cost of living by buying your
meats from us.
We do a strictly cash business and are in a position
to offer very liberal discounts.
Try a Kansas City Rump Roast at 17c a pound
for your Sunday dinner.
Our home-dressed poultry is the finest in the dis
trict, and is home raised.
You can't beat this: A nice Kansas City Shoulder
Pot Roast at 1 6c a pound.
We handle all cuts of K. C Beef, Pork, Veal, Mut-!
ton and Spring Lamb.
Our specialty: Home-made sugar cured corn beef
1 5c a pound.
Our home-made pork sausage contains no "cereals.
Absolutely pure pork, 17J2C a pound.
PAY CASH PAY LESS
Miners
larke
t
HOLZ Bldg,
NACO ROAD.
PHONE 141
V' w
A REMINDER
How long since you sent a photo
f your self to your folks at home?
Oix Studio, Jpkob Schmid Building.
Brewery Gukh. . Adv. 309
$30 OVERCOATS FOR $20
Just a few more left. Miller's Shirt
& Hat Shop, Main St.
Advertisement. 309 '
ov Buck
Mrs. Ruth 'horn a son Yisconti
Washington is eager to hear the
story which Mrs. Ruth Thomason
Yisconti will tell the house "leak"
investigating committee when it re
turns to Washington. Thomas W.
l.av.son sail! that Mij. Yisconti had
told Inn) that she had heard that
Joseph P. Tumulty pave out advance
information concerning the presi
dent's peace note.
SABE MOLINE-KNIGHT?
Ask Art
Theatre
"The House of Comfort"
MATINEE AND NIGHT.
TODAY ONLY. MATINEE AND NIGHT
Winnifred Greenwood and Franklin Ritchie in a Mutual
DUST"
A MUTUAL MASTERPICTURE.
ADMISSION .... 10 and 15 Cent.
MATINEE DAILY AT ONE P. M.