WEATHER.
Arizona Sunday gen
' erally fair. Colder in
east portion, ' cold
wave northeast por
tion: Monday fair and
colder.
MARKETS.
new york City
Average price of cop
per for week ending
Jan. 17, 27.83.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL 19. NO. 195.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 21, 1917.
PRICE FTVE CENTS
IS THOUSAND
MILITIAMEN
ORDERED
HOME
With Vacation of Stations by
Guards, Orders Will Be Is
sued for Recalling Persh
ing's Men From Mexico.
ACTUAL WITHDRAWAL
IS YET UNORDERED
Guards to Be Sent Home, but
Not Mustered Out, Fearing
Further Need of Them
Mexican Policy Stiffens.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. Im
mediate withdrawal of "a sub
stantial number" of national
guardsmen from the border has
been ordered by the war depart
ment and General Funston now
is selecting the units to be sent
home. In announcing the order
late today Secretary Baker said
the number to be withdrawn at
this time probably would be 15,
009 or 20,000.
Withdrawal to Ftllow
The announcement generally
was accepted, however, as an in
dication that the withdrawal of
Pershing's forces wculd not oe
long delayed. It had been under
stood that as quickly as the bor
der stations are evacuated by
state troops, regulars wiir move
up to occupy them, but the only
news auth' ritatively is that no
! order to bring the regulars north
) had yet been issued.
! To Keep Guards Intact
It is the policy of the department
not to permit disintegration of the
national guards organizations, and
the intention is to hold every man in
service though not under arms, re
gardless of the fact that his duty on
the border has ended. All applica
tions for discharge except for cause
will be refused and resignations of
officers will be carefully examined
and accepted only when the depart
ment, 'is satisfied with the reasons
given. It was pointed out that ac-
ceptance of ninny of ihe resignations j
already offered was more or less in
the nature of a weeding out process.
U. S. Policy Stern
This policy of maintaining intact
the strength of the national guard is
taken as further indication of what
.will be the administration's future
policy in dealing with Mexico. This
policy, it has been indicated, contem
plates, dealing wih ?the defacto gov-
ernment' on 'a strictly formal basis !
rather than on an altruistic basis,
1Thus it is understood that the activi-
ties of Villa and the question of who
(oecupied the territory Pershing is
about to leave are regarded here as
problems for Carranza, and that the J
United States will look to him for.'
their solution. ,
3 Weeks For Withdrawal !
Army officers here do not believe
it probable that withdrawal of Gener
al Pershing's forces can be aecom- i
fContinuert on Page Five.)
R. It. GARS TO OV,
TO END NATION
(Continued From Page One)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. The in
terstate commerce commission took
drastic steps today to relieve the
shortage of coal, refrigerator, heater,
ventilator and insulated cars. It
served notice upon the railroads that
unless they should appoint a commit
tee within 10 days vested with plen
ary powers lo co-operate in relief
measure the commission would act
Independently.
Holding that the present conditions
are without a parallel in the coun
try's history, that "the wrongs are
flagrant" and that "in the emergen
cy" any doubt as to its authority to
act should be derided in favor of the
general public, the commission also
issued an order requiring the roads
to return to original owners all cars
of the specified types on their lines
as fast as the cars are delivered and
Cold Snap Brings
District Suffering
Thru Lack of Fuel
With the decided cold weather,
which struck the District last night,
the shortage of fuel, both wood and
coal, again threatens to render many
people uncomfortable and others
freezing. Efforts were made yester
day by the Commercial Club lo secure
some relief hut there appears lo be
little hope of any considerable fuel
supply being received short of two
days.
Several days ago Secretary Del
bridge, of the Commercial Club, wired
to an El Paso fuel dealer for a sam
ple of lignite. This was received and
tested. It caught on fire a little more
slowly than the other coal but burn
ed well afterward. Yesterday the
secretary called on the fuel dealers
and one immediately wired for a car
load of the product. In the meantime
many people who are nearly out of
fuel, or entirely so, are making every
effort to keep their homes warm until
some relief can be had.
Leak Probe Moved to N. Y.
Seeking Men Who Profited
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. Sweeping ;
aside all collateral issues, the House .
rules committee, concluding the leak 1
inquiry, will begin public hearings j
Tuesday at New York to determine I
whether anyone profited in Wall St. !
as a result of advance information on
President Wilson's peace note.
To Probe Deep
When this feature of the Inquiry
has been fully disposed of, and not
until then, it is declared, the inquiry
will extend into other phases of the
lean rumors ana every one 01 mem,
regardless of Its vagueness, will be
run down. The committee expects to
confine the hearings at New York
specifically to the subject of advance
information and members say thefe Is j
little possibility that the Inquiry' 'H I
be broadened to embrace a complete '
investigation of the, stock exchange '
asursed bv Thomas W. Law son and i
others.
Whipple Accepts Job
Sherman L. Whipple of Boston was
formally retained by the committee
today as its counsel, and will assume
active charge of the New York hear
ings and those that are to follow. He
was selected for the place Thursday
and when he conferred with the com
mittee today details of his retention
were settled quickly. He accepted.
with the understanding that the com-,
mittee should fix the amount of his
compensation later, and that ho would
be given a free hand in directing the
Inquiry. A suggestion that hearings
be opened in New York in order "to
j get to the heart of the leak first," was
I quickly accented and then the com-
nittee told Mr. Whipple to proceed
with his work along his own Jines
with the assurance of its unqualified
support. ,
After Wall Street
Transfer of the hearings to New
York was arraneed in order to facili-
j tate them. Most of the witnesses and
.records to be examined are there and
! as' new angles develop more witnesses
j from the stock exchange doubtless
will be called in. Every member of
the committee Is anxious to finish the
inquiry as soon as possible but none
of them think it will be completed
much before the exniration of the 27
remaining dpys within which the com
mittee must report to the House.
James R. Rcilly, managing editor
(Continued on Page Four.)
- WIDE SHORTAGE
unloaded at their destinations.
,The order will become effective Feb
ruary 21 and will remain in force till
May 1. By that time, the commission
believes, relief will be general.
In issuing its order, the commission
reviewed at length its investigation
of the situation saying that it had
found that so'iie carriers honestly en
deavored to relieve the situation, but
that as a rule and "with but few ex
ceptions," the roads "have failed to
?fford such relief."
Notwithstanding assurances that
.diversion and misuse of coal cars
would be stopped, the order says, hun
dreds of instances of diversion and
misuse have been noted and it is
"clear the entry of a formal order is
necesary to protect shippers, con
signees and the general public."
Commissioners Clark, Clements and
"Hall dissented from the order.
Thousands Pay Silent Tribute
As Hero of Manila Bay Is Laid
To Rest In National Cemetery
HOT ONE FOR SALEM.
SAhKM, Ore., Jan. 20. Salem
Mass., has refused A) change its
name at the request of Salem,
Ore.
"We have heard of Salem. Ore-
gon," read the answer. "When
vour little rommuuitv reaches the
- -
size nf imir manager's nerve we
will advise you to change your
name for there might be some
confusion. Surely you wouldn't
ask the venerable mother of all
the Sulems to change her name,
even at the request jf an enter-
prising and hustling youngster.
Rumor Also Says the German
Ships Are Flying American
Flag, Four Being Sighted
Off Brazilian Coast
" . -
(By Review Leased Wire)
Reports of the supposed movements
of the unidentified German raider in
the
south Atlantic and details now
coming to light suggesting that she
may have been accompanied by three
small submarines acting as scouts.
continue to be an outstanding naval
feature of the war. Arrival of the
Royal Mail liner Drina at Rio Janeiro
eliminated one of the largest steamers
from the list of supposed victims of
the commerce destroyer. A strange
steamer with four funnels sighted off
Ceara, Brazil, steaming at high speed.
suggested the possibility that the
raider was near the northern coast of
Brazil.
RIO JANEIRO, Jan. 20. The
captain of the Brazilian steamer
Maranhao, says a report from
Pernambuco, encountered off the
coast of the state of Rio Grande do
Norte, two cargo vessels, accomp
anied by two auxiliary ships, all
flying the American flag.
The vessels are supposed to be
German, the report adds.
RIO JANEIRO. Brazil. Jan. 20.
The Royal Mail liner Drina. 11.4S3
tons gross, which had been In the zone
of the operations of the German com
merce raider and which in some quar
ters had been reported sunk, entered
the harbor o fRio Janeiro this morn
ing.
The Drina on her voyage received a
wireless message from Dakar, Africa,
reporting the presence of a German
raider in the Sout.'i Atlantic and there
after kept a strict lookout, which en
abled her to escape..
The Hudson Maru. according to In
formation from Pernambuco carried
no armament.
The newspaper Anticia. Rio Janeiro,
furnishes the following statemtnt:
"We learn that since yesterday the
Caproca and another German versol.
interned at this port, have made great
preparations lo put to sea. It is be
lieved that these vessels are endeavor
ing to make their escape for the pur
pose cf reinforcing the raiders, which
are sufferingfrom a rhortnge of sup
plies and are depending for their
safety on the flight of German ships
from Brazil.
At a lengthy conference today be
tween President Wencesluu Brar. and
Dr. Muller. the foreign minister, it was
decided t osend the coast defense i-l ip
Deodoro to guard the northern coast
of Brazil. This action was taken in
view of the recrudescence of belliger
ent naval activities and the possibility
of violation of Brazilian neutrality.
The Deodoro will sail at once for thc
northern coast.
Impressive Services at Rot tin-
da of Capitol Are Attended
by President and All Official
Washington.
ANNAPOLIS CADETS
HONORED AS ESCORT
i
i
I Services 8 1 Arlington Are Sim -
l Alin. l r u'
n nr t- ,;
I ill 1 1 ii iwrr i it ww in ill
l VVnere warsnips Lie, I
I Gun Salutes Are Fired.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. Ad
miral George Dewey, hero of the
battle of Manila Bay and the
world's ranking naval officer, was
buried at Arlington National Cem
etery today after solomn ceremon
ies, reflecting the nation's final
tribute of honor and affection.
Two services were held, the
nrsi a private iiome ceremony, ana
the second an impressive service
in the rotunda of the Capitol
where the President, the supreme
court, the cabinet, the Senate and
House, the diplomatic corps and
others- prominent iri official and
civil life, went to honor publicly
the dead hero.
Thousands Line Streets.
Afterward through streets lined
with thousands the notable com
pany and a large escort of military
and naval forces followed the
casket to Arlington.
Cadets Are Escorts.
The midshipmen from Annap
olis, avmenibf-'i',, the admiral
while he was on his death bed as
"my friends", were given the sig
nal distinction of honor escort,
and in compliance with his re
quest they alone accompanied the
body from the residence to the
Capitol and later were the only
military unit to enter the ceme
tery in organization formation.
Funeral Is Brief.
Though arranged with care to
express a national tribute, the fu
neral and burial ceremonies were
both simple and brief. There was
no funeral oration at the home or
the Cap:tol. Both services were
conducted according to Episcopal
rites, tlie first being read by Dr.
Roland Cotton Smith, the family
minister and the second by Chap
lain J. B. Frazier, who was the
Olympia's chaplain at Manila Bay.
Chaplain Frazier also conducted
the commitment service when the
body was laid in the mausoleum.
All Work Stops.
During the services the entire
machinery of the federal govern
ment was .halted. Private business
was suspended an hour and all
flags were at half mast
Salutes Over World.
Observances of a similar kind
were held on every American na
val vessel afloat and were em
phasized by the firing at noon by
every senior ship of a salute of
19 guns, two more than the regu
lations prescribe for an admiral.
The imposing procession moved at
half step from the Capitol to Arling
ton, and entered the cemetery grounds
two hours after it had started. As it
wound slowly out of the city, across
the Potomac and began the approach
throur'i the Virginia hills the batter
ies at Fort Myer began at minute in
tervals a 19-gun salute. Later, when
the casket was placed in the vault, the
salute was repeated.
At the head of the procession
through the cemetery marched the
midshipmen and their band. As they
neared the vault they divided into two
columns, between which passed the
flag d railed caisson bearing the casket,
followed by Chaplain Frazier and Dr.
Smith, the President and the cabinet
and ranking officers of the army anil
navy.
Sailorr Bear Casket.
Twelve sailors from the Presidential
Yacht Mayflower and the seamen gun
ners school bore the casket to th
vault and placed it as the midship
men's band played "Nearer, My God,
To T'lee."
. Bugler Sounds "Taps."
The last service was read and then
a squad of midshipmen fired three
(Continued on rage Font) 1
i planning withdrawal.
; A.MU.MO. Jan. 20
Gen-
J eral Frederick
Funston has re-
turned to his headquarters and is
: occupied on plans for withdraw-
Ing General Pershing's command
from Mexico and the sending
i .
, home from the bonier nf n inn.
' siderable. number of the national
guardsmen. 1 !
9
Courtmartial May Fcce Two
! Aviators Saved From Desert
(By Review Leased Wire.)
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 20. In con
nection with rumors that a court
martial may be called to consider the
flight of Lieut. Colonel H. G. Bishop
GOLFERS SCORN
TO SEE
' '
Warren Lountrv Clubmen
Capture Stellar Event From
w rx r
Visiting Devotees roppen
and Zeisemer Scintillate.
, i, , -
Under conditions which would doubt -
less have crushed the sporting spirit
of devotees of anv other oastinie ln
",r u.
western Goir Association fought out
yesterday one cf the most exciting
tourneys in the history of the organi
zation. The fact that the Warren
District Country Club won the stellar
event, the match between six repre
sentative clubs was, of course, of sur
passing local interest but the devo
tion of players to the game of golf
proved that loyalty to this recreation
is indistrurtible.
Few believed when they awoke in
the morning and saw or heard a driv
ing rain, that it would be possible to
conduct a successful tourney. It was
obvious that in addition to physical
.fliurmnfnrta tho furpu-uva gnrf rrapna
WIN
' ..... , . riv.iora for nine days with
U1HJ11 nuit.ll OKI llllllll unit- ailu tfluui
had been spent would be in wretched
condition. Regardless of this, the
players from the country' clubs of
Cobre Valley, El Paso, Phoenix. Tuc
on, Douglas and the Warren District
hied themselves to the scene of con
test with buoyant spirits. The blaz
ing'logs in the fireplace of the club
house failed to lure them away from
the game on which their hearts were
set.
That golf is an uncertain game was
proven by the final results yesterday, ;
ut this comment anticipates events
attending the program. The Warren
i
District players were not conceded a i
chance for first honors. It was ex-!
pected that either El Paso or Douglas I
would carry them off. Ruin attended
by a stiff wind prevailed when the
contestants were sent away in ac-'
i
fordance with a schedule approved by
Henry Poppen who is in chnrge of the ;
local end of the tourney.
A touch of comedy enlivened the
opi ning chapter. Most of the players
were swathed In warm sweaters and
even rain coats, constituting costumes j
which are seldom seen in tourneys of (
the importance of that under way.
These habiliments were not condu
cive to freedom of action but surpris
ing results were accomplished never
theless. In the face of a disconcerting wind,
tho I'lilltptttnnla nr.,tu nl ititl.1 ulitr,t-i.
Ingly good drives off the first tee. The
fareways were
wretched condition ;
on
account of the heavy rainfall and i
oftimes a bull off the course stood a
better chance than one which under
other circumstances would have en
joyed a distinct advantage. But all
the players labored under eipial dis- j
advantages which were accepted In aj
spirit of buoyancy which lent an rle-;
ment of merriment to the tourney. I
As the men turned in their scores
on the first round of nineteen holes, j
it was seen that the Warren District .
player held a slight lead with Doug
las a close contestor. The play was
a team mutch against bogey, and in
(Continued on Page Kive.j
Ajo Strike Ends
Work Is Resumed
Organizers Leave
Word received in Itisbee yester
day, from ' the scat of the recent
strike at Ajo, Pima county, con
firms the reports that the trouble
hud come to an end and on Mon
day all of the various crafts will
be back to work and the construc
tion of the big, new Arizona por
phyry's plant wiil again be in full
swing.
Receiving instructions from
their headquarters in the east, the
structural iron workers announced
their intention of returning to
work.' This broke the strike and
the other trades rapidly followed
suit. The miners all dec lared the
strike off and, it is understood,
the organizers of the Western
Federat.'jn have left the camp.
and Lieut. W. A. Robertson, in an
army aeroplane from San Diego to
Calexico, California, resulting in the
two officers being lost eight days in
the wilds rf Sonora. Lieut. Robert
son said here today he had started
the trip after he had asked and re
ceived permission from his superior.
Robertson, first of the ' two to re
turn to American soil, was on his wav j
to the North Island aviation station
snear San Diego, to report to Colonel
j W. A. Glassford, commandant of the
aviation school.
J "When I ran across the rescuers I
, had just about made up my mind I
had seen my last day on earth." Lieut, i
Robertson said at the railroad station
here. "I was at the point of exhaus-
j tion. If I had not met the men when
1 ,,ld il ls r'"Jt l'keiy i would have!
L'tIT" , , , . r
1 Lleut- Robertson lost twentv five
pounds in weight
i -.... w . n . .
J Flight Not Ordered.
j SAX D!K,;o. Jai. 20. Col. W. A.
; Glassford. commandant of the North
'"'and aviation school, authorized a
I dement today that his original de- j
mat um iieui. loionei iiarrv U.
Bishop and Lieut. W.. A. Roberta
had official authority to make a flight
i to Calexico or to anv place beyond
the confines of Vnnh i-im.i Kt:n '
stands. Colonel Glassford said no or
der authorizing of any kind had been
Issued by him. In army circles it
was believed that Lieut. Robertson's
statement that he had obtained per
mission for the flight was given by
his superior officer meant that he had
obtained permission from some officer
ranking him and without Coi'.inel
Glassford's knowledge.
WELLTON. Ariz.. Jan. 2!). Lieut.
Colonel Harry' G. Bishop, army avia
tor, who was lost in the wilds of Son-
Lieut. W. A.
' . .
Robertson, is expected to reach here
about midnight tonight or early Sun
day morning. M word has been re
ceived from the searchers ho went
to seek Bishop and it is not known
what his condition is.
Many persons started out from Well
ton tonight to join the returning par
ty who are supposed to be with the
I'nited States ambulance sent out for
Bishop yesterday. .
Major Browne, commandin
my searching expedition.
1
: the ar-
was in "
Wilson. :
structed by Colonel H. R
commander of the Yuma district, to
P"sh on as far as possible with the
ambulance and then sent a detail of
fourteen men with a stretcher to
bring the exhausted aviator out of the
desert.
r
i
y
(By Review Leased Wire.)
JCAIIKZ, Jan. 20. Bringing as
prisoners two Villa officers and seven
soldiers with them to piwe their
prowess and good laith. five residents
of the Guerrero district of western
Chihuahua arrived here today to ten-j
der
to General Jose Santos Murguia
the use of the
.000 armed and mount
ed homo guards formed in the Guar
rero district to be employed in oppos
ing Villa's entrance into northwest
ern Chihuahua after General Persh-
ins's troops withdraw,
The two officers who were brought
here as prisoners were Lieut. Colonel
Ysidoro Medina and Major Guadalupe
Galviz
They were brouuht here from
Xamiiiuipn
together with the seven
enlisted men and are
now being held
In the prison under a heavy guard. It
is probable they will be executed as
traitors alter being given a military
trial.
1
SO KILLED III
IS
THAT ROCK
Injured From Chemical Plant's
Explosion Reaches 300
Men Knocked Down by Im
pact Miles Away.
ENTIRE CAPITOL IS
SHAKEN AS BY QUAKE
Large Flour Mills and Indus
trial Plants Far From Scene
Wrecked by Blast, Catch on
Fire and Burn.
(By Review I-eased Wire.)
LONDON, Jan. 20. The death
roll of Friday night's explosion is
now between fifty and sixty, ac
cording to Lloyd's Weekly News.
LONDON. Jan. 20. In ten hos
pitals on Saturday twenty cne
persons died and there were one
hundred and twelve patients re
ceiving treatment, the weekly
adds. In addition. 265 persons
suffering from lighter injuries
were treated.
The area of broken windows
spreads for several miles. Plate
glass was showered into the
streets from shops about St. Paul's
Cathedral and in Kingsway, which
is a mile further toward the
heart of London, while windows
were broken in the Savoy Hotel
and Queen's Mansions.
KILLED FAR FROM SCENE.
Buildings were destroyed and
people killed on the opposite side
of the Thames from the scene of
the explcsion. Men in the streets
more than a mile away were
thrown down by the concussion.
"What was yesterday a busy
i suburban borough," says tne
' Press Association, "looks today as
though it had been bombarded by
a mighty fleet of Zeppelins."
Describing incidents of last night's
explosion the Central Nes Agency
says:
Flour Mills Burn.
"The del'jnation was such that
miles away buildings were rocked,
while over that area there ns a
great destruction of windows. Fires
broke out in larue flour mills and
other industrial concerns, while many
houses also were enveloped in flames.
"Firemen, policemen, soldiers and
ambulance workers responded to the
scene. The authorities requisitioned
moi'jr busses and other vehicles on
the streets.
Flames Spread Far.
"Terrible scenes were witnessed
when the flour mill, which was seven
stories hih. burst into flames. To
: R"t
such a blaze under control was
an impossibility, so reluctantly the
firemen were obliged to devote their
efforts to saving neighboring property.
Despite a!l their efforts, the flames
rapidly spread over a large area.
"Heroic nurses, ambulance men. boy
scouts and girl guides w'jrkcd to al
leviate the sufferings of the wounded.
One boy returned home from work to
(Continued on Tage Fivej
10 RESIST VILLA
The five envoys who represent the
ranchers, small farmers and cattle
men of the Guerrero district, inform
ed General Murguia that they tender
ed him the use of every armed man
enrolled with the home guards. Fran
cisco Antillon. as spokesman of the
party, said the settlers of that part of
the state had become weary of the
raids of the Villa followers and had
determined to aid the government in
every way possible to drive Julio
Acosta and the other Villa leaders
from the district. Their offer was ac
cepted by the commander here and
they will be used as an auxiliary mil
itary force to police the western part
of the state.
At tillon said many of the men who
hail been impressed by Villa had de
serted him and returned to their
ranches in the vicinity of Santa Ana.
Guerrero and Natuuiutpa. He said a
thousand of these men had deserted
Villa during the past two months. THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 21, 1917.
"LAWSONS A LIAR!" SAY FAMOUS MF.N
i . ACCUSED IN LEAK PROBE BY FIN A I WH
1 . j
l a- s r
1 m-to
TWO
3 &
i, fa
JT .: - W VS"'
' .
ass?
.-
V.7. ; v-- "
; : :. i Q fe -
5:
.-.'... ,
f:'
c - j.
v "".- Si i
.-v : ft-
t,
f
5s
'''V"::-.- :
. ") c
TiiTmrs '.V. Ltwmhi .n3 Vill'?:n G. Mc.UIoo. !?;
s:.u.:i iJc.-j'y i'tMLChtaJur nst.; u.
BRITISH AND FRENCH
MEET AT ONE POINT
exchanged salutations, and passed,
j One was "coming out", the other "go
! ing in". Each column must have been
at least seven miles long. And witli
each vas all the paraphernalia, the
fiM Wt-QTPPM PPDT Pa,10'jI-v an1 tne impediments of mod
Ull IlLulLnil rnUill ;ern warfare. There was no studied
; display to the spectacle, no full dress.
E" U Tr J no Rlitterinj; steel, nor burnished
ni m . . 'brass. The day was cc
Poilu Meet in Actual Con
tact at One Point Alliance
Between Two Nations.
old and gray and
wet end everywhere was a grim reali
zation of the business, the machinery
of war war just over the horizon.
When the two columns were fully
abreast the military picture had at
tained its fullest expression. From a
WITH THE DUITISH ARMIES IX
THE FIELD. France, Jan. 10. (Corre
spondence of the Associated Press.) Point of eminence one could look down
. . . . . ,,. 'upon the undulating road and see for
There is r . -':nt on the western battle ... , .
miles the two-colored ribbon formed
line where ...e British Tommy and the ,). the nlLTcMng nlenthe Eriti.sl,
French Poi'.u meet where the alliance khaki on the rijr'it. the French blue to
between Urcit Britain and France be-, the left. The columns were made up
conies a reality infantry n,l fip!d artillery hor-e
, . ... ... artillery the Ilri'.ish call it. There
1 e.ere uey aie uu in, u'e inaii hi
khaki and the man in pale blue. There
were the famous French "TH.'s" or
"Soixantes 'juinze" the extreme of
in the Ions watches cf wintry nis'nts in Fun simplicity and effectiveness. Some
the front trenches they sit abuut a were painted blue -and others had a
charcoal fire and smoke and think to- mottled coat to make them fade all the
gether, and make understandable signs u,ore vaguely into the landscape and
and sounds, though it is seldom thnt tIll,s rlleat Pr-Vln e-ves of llostlIe
either can speak the other's tongue.
airmen. T';eir smoke-stained muzzles
It is not a s.'iow spot, this meet In? a"u n.ua-spiaiierea narreis. were eio
placc of the two great allied armies i,i oueT,t cf fhe fact t,lat t,lese wer no
France, nor is there a Cefinite mark novices at the game of war. They
to show the dividing line. It is just a Vf're out of ,!,e ,ine no' for a ,,rit'f r"
mingling point, not an abrupt juncture. -cP'1e. only to go in again later.
For perliM-s a hundred yards at t'it "Opposite the "TV.s" were the Brit
joininr; sector the Frem h ana British ish 1-arjunders not so slim and sa
soldiers fraternize and vi.-it. graceful iierhaps as thir Frrnch pro-
There is no break in the line any- totypes. buf j'lt about all that a gun
where along the front and from time should be. British gunners are will
to time tne meeting place of the arm- ing to admit that the French gun is
ies is shifted, according to the plans ''rather sr-mc weapon", but they Jiave
and the agreements of the French and
British staffs. Often the Germans a-e
at a loss to knnw who is opposing
them French or British and all sorts
a ror.l affection for their own field
piece which is absolutely unshakable.
I't.'nctuftiiig the blue and khaki rib
bons now a I'd then were little patches
of ruses and subterfuges are resorted of smoke and steam, risine from th
to in the attempt to gain information, field kitchens, for dinner was beins;
It is considered of great importance cockpd "on the go". It 'was a little
on both sides to know just who the after noon that the two columns halt-
frtlcws are in the opposite trench, and ed and there, mingled in a roadway
when there is a rclii f. or change ii: lined with the gaunt remains of sheJl-
the line, the world war resolves itself torn trees. Tommy and Poilu sat down
at least locally into a hazardous game and ate s-ide by side,
of .hide and seek. j it was the rood fortune of the corre-
Tommy and Poilu have the greatest snondent of the Associated Press In
respect for each other and if Tommy the field with the nritish armies lo
has been ovr very long l.e generally motor through the eii'ire length of the
knows a phrase or two of Fre:u-b. blue and brown columns. It was cary
which, coupled -vim war i l.niir that V to see tliat the passing spectacle of
erms'l'.n tn be'h anii'"S, t;ivcs a med
ium of con.n";ni':'t ion mutually en-;
joyed, in the front li'ic ttvm'K '; Ihi-v,
share smd evha'irro their little be-'
long'Pg" b io so runny v hord c'iildri 1
swapping !;) 11 rood'es at n ccss
time. ( 'r';r'-i t's, tit;ic'-o arid ch'-j 1
the tippohite army was of interest pei
s'Hial ami professiopal interest to the
Freiichnia'i and Briton alike. The
l-Y'-ni h never cea r-c to marvel at the
Scotchmen in t'i ir khaki t'ltiics, plaid
kilties atil bare knees. The Scots who
were in the long brown line on this
laic are trad'-d lack and forth mil parti-ular day had a small but vigor-
oftentimes the miilnU-W meal for (,.S pipe band with them and the
Fr-pchri;.n snd Enslisbtnan U heated Highland music cV'.ighted the passing
over the sar.ie little strive arf!il!y '.ilus.
cni( ealed from the enemy !r st a hui'd
should u I 1'ie supper.
grePIGl'
plans.
This stubborn, dogged, foot by foot
warfare, with its mire and mud. it-;
redoubts an ddugouts an Lits lntri-".
geo;;rai,liv jf trench li'ioti trench, s i
(iom lends itself to phiM-vs
S)Ie!llor, but wifho'lt si
rangement f'ere oer lit r'(l i:
ago a spectacle whfch will
fn the memory of the lew
jiriviledged to witness it.
Soon Ovar His Cold. .
Vverv'.iue sieaks well of Chamber
lain'8 l'oti';h Kemedy after having usi-d
It. Mrs. ileorge l'wis, Pittslield.
X. Y., has this to say regarding it:
of martial "Last winter my little boy, live years
obi. was siek with a cold for two or
three weeks. I doctored him ami used
various i-ougli medicines but nothing
did him much ood until I beuan usinu
t'hamberlain's Couch Kemedy. lie
1 then improved rapidly and in a few
11 or cr
fow days .
live
out siders
Two rre:-.t contingents of the Frent h davs wa8 PVer his t'ohl"
In the "Annex Store" Presenting Seasonable Merchandise at Big Savings
AS USUAL, INVENTORY SHEETS show surplus stocks in various
lines, many broken lots and short lines, this is not contrary to our expec
tations, but it reveals a condition that must be corrected and adjusted at
once, so that everything will be in ship shape for spring business But
with low prices we easily mend matters, so that we can lie quickly free
to think of other things. We mention a few of the many lines we are
hustling out NOT THINKING OF THE COST.
AN EVENT THAT MEANS FOR THE "Annex" Store, its biggest
business week and your chance for greatest savings. The crowds that
are always in evidence, the liberal response that is accorded all the "AN
NEX" Store's announcements is a fine example of what can be done when
the intelligent public realizes that the way to learn where the best goods
produced can be bought at the least price is to shop and compare And
there's no disappointment for those vho respond to this advertisement
you will find merchandise of dependable quality at lowest prices.
Boys' Blouses 25c and 35c
Here's an ofTer of, Boys' Blouses not to be despised by
the economical mother, they are splendidly made of good
quality gingham and percale in light, medium and dark
colors, sizes for boys from 6 to 13 years, surely a very
unusual vnlues at tlese two prices, 2oc and Sic each.
iNTRANCF.
ON
5 U o WAT &
STREET
Boys' Knickers 65c and 95c
During this period of advancing prices the mother of
boys is taking advantage of every opportunity to econo
mize, and thereby reduce living costs She will find
these prices of Boys' Knickerbocker Pants very much le-3
tiian their present market value, made of plain and fancy
cassimers and cheviots, sizes 6 to 15 years
Radical Price Reductions on Women's Suits, Coats, Dresses and Skirts
BACK OF THIS AXXOFXCEMEXT there is a good assortment of women's garments and our determination to SKLL THEM
withiithe season for wliic.'i they were made
IT HAS BKFX MAXY months since you have seen such values, and ve doubt if there has been any this season to eiual thee
that we offer Monday. The offer embraces Women's Suits. Coats, Silk and terse Ilrtss-es. Separate SKirts, Petticoats and Llous s,
so Vr-hatever need you may have for winter garments can be supplied during this sale at a most substantial saving.
Women's Suits
Reg. $12.45 Values
THI2 WOMAX who fails to take ad
vantage of this offer, will wait a long
'i:ie for an eipir! opportunity to save;
Handsome Tailored Sui's of Serge and
Poplin in navy, black and brown, at a
reduction or OXK-THIRD less than
their original selling price.
The same suits that we have re
peatedly and truthfully advertised at
$12.4f each, now reduced to only $8.So.
Only a limited number, so come early.
Silk and Serge Dresses Reduced
$9.95 Dresses $6.'64 $7.45 Dresses $4.97
OXE GREAT AOYAXTAGE that can lx? enjoyed by purchasers of these Dresses, be
sides the liberal concession in the price, is that they are all new this season, and are
domn-to-thc-minute in style and design.
THERE ARE those always popular dresses of serge in simple, practical styles, as well
as these of Taffeta Silk and Silk Poplin; colors are black, navy, tan and green, all sizes.
Middies 50c
THE WOMKX who from experience
has learned cf the practicability of th-;
Middy Blouse, v.ill need no urging io
buy t;:ese at the clearance price, they
are in plain and fancy styles, of good
duality material, sizes 34 to 40 Sale
Pries CMc.
Children's Winter Goats
At Economy Prices Ages 8 to 14 Yrs.
TRUE. THERE IS LITTLE or o change in t.'ie styles of Children's
coats from season to season yet we would ratner not carry them over,
so we've put ti.em into this sale with a liberal amount clipped off their
former selling prices to effect a speedy clear-away
THEY'RE made of Corduroy, Cheviots, Mixtures, Tweeds and novelty
plaids and Checks, tn a range o sivies thai makes choosing easy; sizes
tor girls frcm S to 14 years.
t m" iYv3
Taffeta Coats $4.95
CERTAIXLY a matchless opportunity to buy a
Taffeta S:lk ''oat at a very economical price;
loose and beltod models; the splendid styles and
quality of these coat.- are undoubtedly familiar to
you, and yen will hasten to take advantage of this
oppoitunity, $r.50 values for ?4.r.
Velvet Coats $9.84
Velvet Coat - in t!e best of this season's models,
ami early buei.s declared them the best vahi"s
they had rocr. anywhert at their regular price
? 1 4.7ii and a vry exceptional bargaiu at the sale
price $i.S'4: c !ors black, gray, green and brown.
Women's Shirt Waists
Three Special Lot
49c, 59c and y dq
$4.65 Coats for $3.10
$5.95 Coats for $3.97
$6.45 Coals for. . . . .$4.30
$6.95 Coats for $4.64
$7.49 Coats for $4.97
$8.50 Coats for $5.64
"S"r I l nere
IF Yot R wardr.-be needs replea
sliintt w:t!i a f?w inexpensive walsto,
,-;;ii will (ind here Monday just wh-it
mu need for tvo.-yday wear vvirli
joparaie Skirts an ur.d the house -
n J you sa.e a!r.:u.-'. as nnuh as you
CHILDREN
SWEATERS.
68c
TEDDY BEAR
KNIT SUITS. ..
$1.50
This offer consists of a small lot
of Children's White Sweaters that
have become slig''lly mussed and
soiled, in sizes from 2 to fi years,
worth regularly $1.:;0, sale price CSc
each.
Children's Knitted, Teddy Rear
Sweate r Suits in pray only, in sizes
1 to 5 years, surelytlie most practi
cal and comforta!!!'.1 of all garments
for children, worth regular a
suit, special $l.r.n.
mm
arp Blouse.) oi plain White
ii.awn and Corded t'repe at 4fte and
i)9c; other styles o.' pink, blue and
ji-.vor.dor striped liwn and Hiue at
e nvarly all have wuie sailor coi-
Jlars, fuilr len?t.'i and three-truarte
jsleeves; -all sizes.
SALE CN WOMEN'S
SILK UNDERSKIRTS
l An ot.er of Silk I'ridcrskirts at
prices thsil v.ill m;i e an irresistible
Jiinpeal to the economical woman,
made of Soft qualitv Ta!le! in black
i-in' : full ranee of i.laia rulers, deep
Cloiinces that ere plcetert or raffled. iy" I , ,
:9 oq f 'NHF.rcSXJRTS S2.45 I
i$2AS UNDERSKIRTS $1.45 J ' '
r.s
km 'I-1
"i . .
SKIRTS
A separate Skirt is a necessary part
cf every woman's wart'rob", there are
so many times that they can be worn,
and so conveniently, too. And now we
.ive you a chance to get a splendid
Skirt at a price that hardly covers the
manufacturer's cost of production.
$5.95 Skirts for $3.97
$4.95 Skb-ts for - - $3.33
$4.45 Skirts for $2.37
$3.43 SLIris for $1.97
$2.45 Skirts for.. $1.64
INFANTS' CCAT57Q
REDUCED TO. . .h0.0
-Ml. THE BABY iias not been fo.--g-;U-
n dui'u-.g tl 's event, we have pro
vided a su'e o' Infants' Long Coats i i
si es 1 o 6 mcntiis. at a pri-e much
h.lo'.v tluir real value, m-ide of M:k
:i -i wool cashm-re Safr Price
Extra Special
FANCY D'-hSS fl IXC HAM, 12-j tent
(;'..;:lity. in .-!:ipts. ci.ecks, plaids a:id
ph in colors, spet-iaily priced for th -
sale, per yard '.Cc
l: TIVC FLAXXEL. of good oua'.i!;.'
ami wcigiit. a splendid range cf p:r
terns. JS inches wide, SPECIAL 12 yds.
for ?U
TABLE DAMASKS, half and fu'l
bleacheil kinds. OS to t!4 inches in
width, exceptional value per yard 7",
.in. 4o and "'
M'RIV CERTAIN S. for cottage or
bui'.calow, in white and ecru colors,
unusual value at fe foilowin:? pri'c-;
S'.4.". S."c. u."c and 4'.c
TEUKISH PATH TOWELS, extra
large : to a:; 1 h-nvy weight, a vy
r.'niirka'k' vrh:. at the sale priic -EACH
-c
Veru Exceptional Values in Men's and Boys' Suits, Hats, Shirts, Etc.
rr:c ptup UTTl rnTC
MEX IF, YOl' HAVE DELAYED the s lection of your winter suit i nil
now, it will be to your advantage to visit the "AXXEX" store before iiec: '.in:;
and see these Suits for men that we've marked to sell for
$12.95, $13.45. $14.95,. $16.50
THE VALEFS are without a doubt the best you havscen at the modi -ate
prices. The saving are bona fide, ihe assortments satisfying. There are suits
of Blue Serge that will stand the test of wear in both tailoring and color; .Nor
folk suits of Tan serge and a splendid collect ion of p.li wool serges cassil icrs
and worsteds in conservative patterns and nobby mixtures tor men and y..ung
men. You will find these suits a good investment even for next season's veur.
Boys' Norfolk Suits Re-Priced
$2.45 and $3.45, Sizes 6 to 15 Years
IF THE BUYS' SI IT purchased earlier in the sca--p is beginning to :
tirns of vc;ir. w.'iy not buy him anotlur to finish Hie school term, o.;pc
when the cost is so little.
A SI'lT BOl'tniT NOW can be worn at 'east iuree months, in fact, ilm1'
from this large collection, you can sclecl one suitable for wear throughout
spring and summer; they are made of cassimcr and cheviots in nobby gray
brown mixtures, the Coats are Norfolk style, sonic have stitched on Belts
Patch-Pockets good values at 1. and i'i.io.
Men's, Women and Children's Shoes
THE SHOE STOUE HAS TO CARRY hundreds of pairs of Shoes mo,.'
they are the assurance mat no one who conies t.i "The Fair" AXXEX Sh
disappointed in style, l eather, siz' lit and price.
IT'S THESE surplus and reserve stocks of Men's, Women's and Chiidrc l's Shoes that e ar
clearing out during this sale at special prices.
v:
..
v't
MEN'S SWEATER COATS
Sc, $1.75 to $3.45
Th-.; ClaJ v. ho net Us a Sweater Coat ami wants t.i
r.:..!:e a sr. ssnntia! saving sliouM visit the "AXXEX'
stoic: kr.!t'd of good strong yarr.s. in gray, brown
and red. with V-neck or Slia-vl Collar; some prior A
ps w as o5i- and others at fl.Ti and upwards
MEN'S SHIRTS, 50c.
- V;-n's Shirts of good in::'!ily Outing Flannel, cray
v. ,l.! neat stri's. attached collar and culls, si-
IP
t' 11
ti;i values for 5t'c. Another ht
illy j - .: .y- .X'- ,', . i.'- :
' A It-' HI Ml'.?'
aJ;. &k?m
IT
SHIRTS, 95c
than it will sell -department
will be
and British armies met upon the road, j
(Advertisement)
LOT M. "IIT'b, Women's Cuncietal Call
Shoes. Button style. Ilexible soles, Cuban
heels, .dzes 2V lo 7. priced at a pair. . . . $'.'.!ir
LOT XO. 2M. Women's Patent U-aihcr Shoe;.,
witli black craveneUe Cli til tup, iow .heels,
specially pricen at a pair $2.4."
TWO STYLES Women's Shoes, om of Patent
Loatlier. ihith top, meiliiiiit heel, the other
Ciitmielal Calf. Low llcel. per iair SJ.I."
LOT N'. ;.7'iU. omen's (i'liirtielal Calf Shoes,
suitable lor street near, or school wear, nu'd-
lrm heel, all sizes, per pair yz.z.t
LOT XO. ;!fr. Men's Dies;
metal Calf Stock, medium
style, good oak soles, a
LOT XO. 155. Mens ire.s?
black oi!r, a shoe for com!
toe iiad tll heel, a pair. .
TWO STYLES of Mel.':
Patent with Dull Kid T
ether of Black Vici, liutl;
VEX'S HEAVY .WollK :
makes them a most ccom
of heavy grain Calf. hea
soles, special a pair
Shoes of select (lun
weight, bluc'M-r lace
;ir
Shoes el' fine ipiality
Tt and servic e, broad
$1M."i
Dress Siioe. one
'P, hilll'Ui style, t ! ;
i slvle. a p:iir...$-.!l.1
hoes at a price l!ia
'Tiic.il purchase, mud
-. double Oak lanmd
r:Ar,
Odd Coats
FOR MEN
$2.75 and $3.75
ri' MAY BE that your vest and
prints are good, but oil need a li".v
rout to finish out the season, if thi ;
l e the case, this oiler of Men's Sep
arate Coals provides a splendid op
poitunity for von to secure it :iud
at the same time make a wurth
w.'iile sai"g. of Blue Scree and of
Fancy Siiitincs. sizes :'.4 to 4 1.
priced at J.'.T.'i. $:'..7: and H ii"..
UNDERWEAR
50c GARMENT
priced at 4 V eai h.
MEN'S SATEEN SHIRTS, 5Cc
The man who knows how the prices on Black
Sat. 'en Shirts have advanced during the pa.t six
in. mil's wi'l need no tintirisr to lu.y these at the sale
pruc; s'7.e.. H t, to 17 SPECIAL AT 5c each.
MEN'S WOOL SHIRTS, 95c
Men's heavy ool shirts, attached ifiilars and cuff.-.
colors tan, gray, brown, maroon and navy, intisuKr
the val.ie of tiiestj si'.irts en today's market. ih".v
represent a barium extraordinary at the, sute prte
11.1c each
NEGLIGEE
WHEN Shirts of this iharactcr are oflctcd at 91c
is a good time not only to supply prese.il needs.
but buy for the future as well; made of uoed. s.oi
quality Soisctte in plain w hiu and lit at stripes, at
taeiicd collar aad ciufs. all sizes.
- Here's a ciiancc for men to set .new Hat at a re
duced priee, without t ie sacriiice of either style or
Miutlity. they are in Alpine. F dor;-.. Telescope act
novelty s.'i:-.pes. in ligl I ami di.rk colors; wotiderlu!
values at Ifl !'1 and K. II each.
MEN S PANTS, $2.00 TO $3.45.
Perhaps the bigue.-t end best fc.iiure of this s-ile
will lie t'ie sidc!'dti values w t efl'er ill Men's Trous
ers, made ol good (pialny c'ssiiuers. elieio's :'l
witrsietls. in a pleasing assortmcat tl patterns: priced
at Si' upwards to $:!.41.
Doys' $3.25 Mackinaw for $2.1 7
Coys' $5.45 Mackinaws for $3.67 I
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 21, 1917.
THREE
I
Y
4
1
GLADYS EROGKVVELL POWERFUL DRAMA IS DOROTHY GISH PLAYS
PLAYS DOUBLE ROLE RUSSELL'S PICTURE DUTCH GIRL PART IN
IN FOX OFFERING AT ORPHEUM THEATRE' NEW TRIANGLE FILM!
i I
Talented Actress, in Fox Feat- "The Love Hermit", Featur-
ure Which will Be Repeated ing William Russell, Said to
Today at the Royal, Flsya
Two Parts in One.
In lier first starring vehicle for Wil
liam Fox, Gladys Brockwcll plays a
double role. The ph'jtoplay is "Sins'
of Her Parent." whi h plays again to
Be One cf Best Offerings
Made by Mutual People.
In this powerful tlraniaii.aL'.in of
Clarke Irvin's gripping story of love
and high f:n;!Ti',p. "The I'.n'f Hermit."
I which appears ar the Orpheiitn 10
i night, William Russell plays the role
of Tom Weston, in tin employ of
day at the Royal, ami Miss Brock weli !j.imes nolton, a prominent broker,
plays the sinning mother as well as! Through his indidual effort he doubles
the daughter who bears the punish- his employer's wenlth and is invited
' d.)wn to Bolton's country place for the
tiient for her mothers wrongs. i , , ,. . . ,, . ,
; week end. There he meets Marie Bol-
Adrian Courtney (Miss Brockwcll) ton-s daughter, and falls in loe with
falls in love with Richard Carver -her. She leads him to believe his.af
(Carl Von Schiller), but cannot marry ' feet ion is returned, and he takes her
... ... , . .. , . , in his arms and kisses her. just as
hnu because of the objections of Rich-, . , , ... .
! her father and niiliman, a suitor, en
ard's father. Robert Carver (William , ter am, discovers them. Mary ob-
Clifford) objects to an alliance with I serves their entrance in a mirror,
a woman of uncertain birth. The re- frees herself from Tom's embrace and
suit is that Richard starts a quest for f angrily denounces him. Tom is or
Adrian's mother, and he finds her. j dered out of the house by the father
She is Valerie Marchmonl (Miss! and returning to his home with a bit
Brockwell). a frequenter of Alaskan' ter heart toward all w'jmankind, vows
dance halls. Just after he has learned vengeance upon the entire sex, and In
who she is. Richard is injured in a years that follow, plays with the
brawl, with the result that a friend j hearts of women as Marie had trifled
of his cable to Adrian and to Robert with his. Finally, by manipulating the
Carver to come at once ! stock market, he brings Bolton to
When uld Carver arrives he meets verge of ruin and Marie conies to his
Valerie and recognizes her as the hc- ' rooms, not for her father's sake, but
eret wife jf Arthur Hearthrrway. a j to tell him that she has changed her
rormer irginian (George Webb). ideas of life and feels n resentment
Then 'Tie -agrees to his son's marriage, j toward the man who has paid her
Adrrait, meanwhile, has been car- back in her own coin.
Favorite of Fans Appears This
Evening at the Lowell Play
House in "Gretchen the
Greenhorn."
ried away by a saloon owner of the
city (Hersrhel Mayall). The rescuers
In the strong denunciation scene
which follows and the tense love
follow and arrive just in time to fight : scenes w hich bring this unusual drama
off the big man. Valerie is fatally! to a powerful surprise climax, Wil
wounded in the browl but s!:t- reserves I liani Russell does some of the best
just enough strength to kill the saloon 'work of his long and successful career
owner. i as an actor
.iCTRESS WHO QUIT COHAN WEDS AVIATOR
MM
'V.-
''
4'
r -,r v--:fei,;- .-t. 1;-Jl. to ' 1 ' - 1
' " ' ' '
In "Grotchen. the C,re nl.,.irn." the
Triangle-Fine Arts feature to be seen
at the Lowell theatre today. lorolhy
(iish appears as ".r"tehen Van Houck,
a lassie from Holland, who comes to
the I'niled States to join her father,
Jan Van Houck, an engraver, who has
saved enough nuney to send for his
daughter.
Clad in quaint costume, with M)xes,
bundles, baskets nnd a live duck on
the end of a string, Gretchen arrives,
to the joy of lier parent ami all the
dwellers in the humble tenement i
where he lives. A poor widow's brood
of six attach themselves promptly to
the kind-hearted Dutch girl and her
father, and Tietro, a young Italian
musician, falls in love with her.
Also there comes into the happy
household a man who makes his head
quarters on a mysterious ship in the
harbor. He tells the old engraver that
his uncle is superintendent of the
mint, and he can get the old man a j
fine job if he can show a satisfactory I
sample of his work. The credulous !
Van Houck engraves plates for a I'nit-'
ed States Note and counterfeit money-
is made by the gang on the ship from
his plates. Worse, Gretchen is duped
inv'j passing some of the bogus bills
when they are given to her to buy
food and toys for the poor children in
her care.
Van Houck finds Gretchen with one
of the bills, realizes what has been
done, and threatens the counterfeiter
with arrest. He is drugged and car
ried aboard the ship. One of the kid
dies, played by George Stone, sees the
old man carried away in a fake am
bulance, catches on behind and sees
him put on the ship. Returning fj
Gretchen, he brings her to the pier,
with the result that both are in turn
kidnapped. But there are other kid
dies with watchful eyes, and they,
summoning Pietro, are means of bring
ing in the harbor police, who rescue
the captives and arrest the crooks.
Gretchen is supported by Ralph
Lewis as Jan, and Frank Bennett as
Pietro. There are six of the kiddies,
and they play a bis part in the pic
ture. Eugene Pallette is the villain.
TOM LONGBOAT WILL
APPEARON MONDAY
! Indian Athlete Postpones En
tertainment "Until Mon
day Evening.
T.i-.o Iongboat, noted Indian mara- i
! .'ion runner, who was to have appear- !
j '"1 "t the V. M. C. A. last evening.
i ;r,:-,t toned his entertainment and will ,
n-'ei'.r on Monday evening. The time !
li: 1 place will be announced Monday
afternoon. j
This afternoon the Indian will go I
to Xaco and talk to the members of
the First Arizona Infantry. At the
performance Monday the runner will
give his Indian war dance and several
athletic events. Other events; will
fill in the program. I
Clauce Graham-While and his second wife out for a spin.
C!;.ule Graham-White, famous aviator and air warrior for Great
n;i'.i.in, l.as just tuken to himself a second bride. She was formerly the
v., ft. of Georg-c M. Cohan, the American playwright and actor. She appear
a'. 't tlie Air.e' iran stage as Ethel Ivv.
:? -.1,'
No Sir! We have not
RAISED OUR
PRICES!
Furthermore
WE GUARANTEE
Strictly All Wool
300 New Samples of Spring
and Summer Goods to select
from.
Suits made to order at the
SAME OLD PRICE
NO LESS THAN $15.00
NO MORE THAN $20.00.
w r t it
world s
Largest
Tailors.
JAKE
SANDS,
A gt.
Brewery
Gulch.
f 11 PIP
Originators
of $15.00
Idea.
JAKE
SANDS,
Agt.
Brewery
Gulch.
MEXICANS HEAR ONLY
RUMORS OF RAIDER.
MEXICO CITY. Jan. 20. In spite 'Jf
persistent rumors from the coast that
the 'German 'commerce raider now is
in the Gulf of Mexico, no definite news
concerning the vessel has been re
ceived here. None of the belligerents
or neutral diplomats here has received
any confirmation of the reports that
the raider was in the gulf.
BOWLING
Fourth night of team tournament
to decide the first and second teams
for the shield trophy between Bisbee
and Douglas, games played each
month and the winning team keeping
trophy until lost. All players must
bowl the full 21 games by February
3rd. to qualify. Those missing tour
nament nights may make up lost
games by special arrangement with
Mr. Mitchell. Monday the 22nd, C.
Q. Office vs P. IJ. Co. and Bisbee
Bankers vs Teachers. ' '
Scores made were as follows:
K. P. & S. VV.
Tomlinson 128
McKonald 1H7
Black 110
Wiley 99
Crichton 152
BUXTON SMITH.
Rogers ' 157
Murphy 92
Wilson 109
GrifTeth 71
Carretho 123
N. Y. LIFE.
Hall 149
Werthan 115
Chandler 114
Owens 99
i Slack 178
j il. I. CO.
, liroc klehank 115
Otis 110
j Jones 149
Pritchard 121
Sundia Iu9
141
132
112
90
159
19C
143
123
123
120
155
S6
lot?
4S,
91
147
102
136
114
137
163
137
159
104
133
133
94
52
4G
73
151
170
142
131
lfil
ins
125
127
10G
421
Entire Rm Stock Women's Garments
At Prices That Make Them the Biggest Bargains of the Season
THE VAST NUMBER of women who wait for the last
half of January to pick up their requirements in Winter
Apparel at next to nothing prices, will surely find the op
portunity of their lives here Monday. Think of buying
Handsome, Stylish Tailored Suits at $7.65, $10.95 and
$12.95 that are worth more than double the sale prices
You will buy them on sight.
THEN T!IERE IS A WONDERFUL collection of
Dresfes in styles suitable for Street, Afternoon and Even
. ing wear, and your choke of any of these may be pur
chased at reductions of 1 4, 1 3 and some at even 1 2
original selling prices. There's a wonderful sale of Win
ter Coats at vorth-whil savings. Then there are some
of the biggi-st bargains in Silk Underskirts we have ever
offered.
.i
7 ti$! j
; - hi , i
JH; i v
. . "id -i
R :
it
AV V.
Clearing Women's Suits
At Less Than Half Regular Prices
Desirable Stules-Newest, Best Fabrics
$7.65
FOR SUITS
FORMERLY PRICED
AT $15.C0.
$10.95
FOR WOMEN'S
$22.50 AND $25.00
surrs.
$12.95
FOR SUITS
WORTH $27.0
UP TO $35.
rt present the handsomest ef
WE MIGHT SAY THESE STMTS were smart that they
winter styles that they are made of finest niateri:ils and then not tell you half we tcul.l
say of their superior qualities, for they combine p.ll these features, wi-h the most es:,ert a:i(1
finished tailoring we have ever seen in suits that :cll at :1k- higher prie. these were oritrio
ally marked.
OF COl'RSi:, t.'iere is not an unlimiled number to choose lixm, but if yen are planning
the purchase of a suit, and your si.e is in one of thesi three groups It is a HARGAIN you
will be delighted to get.
A Monday Sale of Street,
Afternoon and Evening Dresses
Reductions of Vz and Even lz
The Little Prices Will Tempt All Who See Them
MONDAY SHOULD BE A BANNER day in the Dress Section. WHY? Because, we have never announced a sale backed
by more worthy garments than those that go to make up this oiler. You will be ania::ed and most agreeably surprised at
the extraordinary values. The Dresses are all from our own regular stock and embrace some of this season's choicest styles.
THE ASSORTMENT INCLUDES ' BOTH SIMPLE AND ELABORATE MODELS: THOSE ADAPTED FOR
STREET WEAR OF SERGE, SATIN AND SOFT TAFFETA, WITH TUNIC SKIRTS THAT RIPPLE OR FLARE,
OTHERS THAT ARE SIDE OR BOX-PLEATED. CHARMING LITTLE FROCKS FOR AFTERNOON WEAR OF
CHARMEUSE, MESSALINE. SVTIN AND CrtEPE DE CHINE AND. EXQUISITE EVENING DRESSES OF
GEORGETTE CREPE, CREPE DE CHINE, SATIN, LACE. NET AND BEAUTIFUL COM 31 NATIONS, IN BLACK
. AND THE MOST POPULAR OF THIS SEASON'S COLORS..
ALL cRE NEATLY MADE and show they are the work of t.' e most artistic designers and most skillful garment makers.
They all have that air of distinction and character which is coveted by all lovers of correct clothes
Buy Silk Underskirts and Save ONErFOURTH
THIS IS THE FIRST CUT PRICE sale this season of women's Si!! l.n.ierskirti.. :;rd it provides an rne(ualed oppor
tunity for women to supply their needs in this lir.e at worth-while savings. There are hvt.ii g:oi:;,s iriclujing a full rangt
of this season's colors, as well as black and while, made of soft Tai'e'a, SiU J.Toi y r.nd ?.!es ; with deep, fill :V.;:me
that aVe pleated or ruffled. ,
Regular $4.50 Silk Underskirts $3.35 Regular $7.50 Silk Underskirts..' S5.65
Regular $6.00 Silk Underskirts $4.50 Regular $8.50 Silk UiuersKirU 56.35
Regular $6.50 Silk Underskirts $435 Regular $10X0 Silk U.-idertkirts $'.E0
i w
Winter Coats and Their Reduced Prices
Will Make a Day of
Unusual Activity Monday
THIS OFFER EMBRACES a new shipment of Women's Coats, iuey
came to us at prices much below their intrinsic value, they are in the
smartest models designed for late winter wear, and to these, we hav
added the remainder of our own regular stock at the same proportiomic
reductlons In price.
THEY ARE, INDEED, handsome coats, in styles for street, auto, sports
or dressy wear; materials include rich Velours with large collars end
cuffs with fur trimming; others of Bolivia Cloth, beautiful novelty fabrics
in mixtures, plaids and checks, also broadcloth; hare styles, s.Miii and
full-belted models Note the reductions.
i!
IV.
iff,
$20.00 COATS. . . .$13.35
$22.50 COATS. ...$15.00
$25.00 CO ATS.... $16.65
$27.50 COATS. . . .$18.35
$32.50 COATS. . . $21.65
$35.00 COATS. . . .$23.35
9.95
$4 and $5 Bon Ton Corsets $
Discontinued Numbers Mon.
YOU KNOW, regardless of the maker's efforts, his skill in the art of
designing, his perfection of manufacture, there are always a few models
developed in Corsets that for some reason or anot'ier. do not meet with
popular favor with women, of course, the only logical thing for the maker
to do is discontinue their production, and it is just these kind of Corsets
that are on sale Monday at $2.95, worth $4 and $5; sizes 2U to "0.
SIMM I
St
):.)
,v
SWEATERS
For Women and Chil-iren
HALF-PRICE
MOTHER and DAUGHTER alike
may share in this i-Deiial sale of
Wool Sweaters; cf course, we coi:lii
carry these Sweaters until next inter
and get fuil regular prices, because,
present market conditions indicate
h'her prices next reason on a!l g;-ods
of this character in spite of this
fact, we're determined to close them
out at once her.ee these big savings
for yon
There's a variety of styles from
which to chcose. inclnditig the simple
models with V-Necks or Roll collars
to those wiih large sailor coll-.-.rs.
patch-pockets and belts or sashes, in
all wanted plain colors, as well as
many pretty combination effects.
$2.00 Sweaters for. .. .$1.00
$2.50 Sweaters for.... $1.25
$3.00 Sweaters for $1.50
$1.00 Sweaters for $2.C0
$4.50 Sweaters for... $2.25
$5.00 Sweaters fcr $2.50
$6.00 Sweaters for $3.00
$7.50 Sweaters for. . . .$3.75
Here's Your Chance to Supply theLittleMiss
With a Handsome Winter Coat
And All You Pay is ONE-HALF Reg. Price
NO MOTHER WITH GIRLS TO CLOTHE cm. afford to ignore this HALF-PRICK Sale of Children's and
Girls' Coats. And no mother after seeing the variety of smart styles, the splendid and iit.nsual materials frem
which thev are made, and glances at Ihe price tags attached, will need urging to buy. for lier own good judg
ment will 'tell .ier thai it is an Investment that will yield big dividends, not only la the wear of the coat this
season, but the service it will render next winter, too.
YOU MAY CHOOSE from a variety of styles, in sizes for children from 2 to 14 yeirs. The broad ranee of
fabrics includes everything suitable for making Girls' Coats, in plain colors, fancy mixture-', plaids and i hecks.
Girls' $4.00 Coats for. $2.C0
Girls' $5.00 Coats for $2.50
Girls' $6.00 Coats for $3.00
Girls' $6.50 Coats for $3.25
Girls' $7.50 Coats for. $3.75
Girls' $3.50 Coats for $4.25
Girls' $10.00 Coats for. $5.00
Girls' $12.00 Coats fot $6.00 FOUR
THE BlSBEE, DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 21, 1917.
5lh.Sisti Daily vrun?:ar
Published Every Day Except Monday by the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 3, 1879.
THE END OF WAR PLOTS.
We have almost forgotten now how the war was
lied into America, two years ago. That disagreeable
chapter of our history is recalled by the conviction, i.i
San Francisco, of the German consul-general and four
attaches of his cftice, for violating laws of the I'nited
States in behalf of Germany. The specific charges were
'conspiring to restrain interstate and foreign commerce
by destroying factories, railroads and steamships" and
'conspiring to set on foot and to provide and prepare
, LONDON EXPLOSION !
. CLAIMS HUNDRED
ALL THE FINANCIAL FR03LEMS ARE NOT IN EUROPE
Ey Brinkerhcfi.
Forty Dead Found in Debris
Where Munitions Exploded.
One Hundred Hurt.
(P.y Review Leased Wire) i
An announcement bv tiie ISritish i
Subscription Rates, Payable in Advance:
PER MONTH $ .75
THREE MONTHS .' 2.25
SIX MON THS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year '. 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter 75
Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
PHONE NO. 39.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Oaily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor if any irregularity of delivery Is reported;
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 21, 1917.
"li-ifc kcukll be. urvw j tu.
The above phrase is attributed to a New York street
railway magnate in response tc complaints by the public
against traffic conditions. TJie Arizona public may well
complain of present legislative conditions but, owing to
the political policy of Private Citizen George W. P. Hun'.,
our people can expect no better response than was re
ceived by New Ycrk's street car patrons.
It is all the more lamentable because the character of
the third legislature is undoubtedly higher and therefore
the capacity for doing good work greater than Arizona
has ever before enjoyed. The personnel of this legisla
ture, in fact, represents a revolt against radicalism. Con
servatives are in the majority in PJioenix. Conditions
would be ripe for constructive legislation were it not for
the obstructive methods imrcsed by Hunt.
True, bills are being introduced and tiiere is a sem
blance of activity, but the absence of a recognized Gov
ernor compels the legislators to work half-heartedly. They
may we'll be excused for weakening somewhat under this
demoralizing influence.
Hunt's blight re?ts upon this legislature as vpon the
two preeeeding, only in another form. We refer to the
blight of extravagance. Heretofore, he caud the waste
of taxpayers' money by calling extra sessions in order
to secare the passage, if possible of some of his pet
measures. It mattered not to him that the people of
Arizona were footing the bills. So it is this time. He
is making the people pay for his dog-in-llie-manger tat
ties. The people have nothing to gain and everything
to lose. He has everything to gain and nothing to lose.
This is a nice state cf affairs, is it not?
Arizona's need is great for a Governor. Nc'tr in the
State's history Jias opportunity to make lorward strides
in statehood been so radiant. Rut a commonwealth d?
prived of the presence of a legally acknowledged ChiT.-f
Executive must work at a tremendous disadvaalage. It
will be refreshing to possess a legislature free from the
influence of Citizen Hunt or any other obsessed as he i:;
with a warped notion of his self-importance.
means for a military enterprise to be carried on within government com i riiim; the explosion,
, i j ' which destroved a munitions fa' lory. 1
the United States against the territory and dominion of ' . '"' , '
located t;ie scene of the blast more
the king of Great Britain and Ireland." j definitely ns in East Lomi.ni. and stat-,
Those offenses were part of a general campaign of ed that i0 or 40 bodies already had
terrorization intended apparently to frighten the I'nited
.been recovered from the ruins and
States into unneutral stoppage or war exports ana vir- j Ber3usiy injured. The total number
that 100 persons were reported to oe I
THE APPOINTED TIME. .
Wages in the Warren District as elsewhere in Arizoi.a
are more bountiful at the present time than breadwin
ners probably ever heped for. These big-payrtlls have
prevailed now for nearly two years. . How many of tix
reclpients of this deserved good fortune .'lave tak'.'n
advantage of it. Have YOU?
There is a universal tendency to spend more as on.'
earns more. This is human. Put the fraility can and
should be at least partly ccrrected. Every thoughtful
breadwinner knows that the copper market, for instant?
cannot maintain its present height. The time must come
when receding prices for tiie red metal must be attended
by lesser wages. We speak of wages in connection with
copper because the metal industry dominates business
in Arizona.
Too few wage-earners, we believe give thought to tin;
fact that an unusual condition is present, an unusual
opportunity is at hand if they will seize it. W hile wages
are high, the investments which may be made with
saved-wages are at bargain prices. In other words,
good investments are at low values. Limiting the dis
cussion io mining investments, anyone nay establish
by iniiiir th:it shares in properties which have been
and will continue to pay good dividends are selling at
comparatively little more than before increased wages
made it possible for workers to participate also as stock
holders in the companies enj'.jiiig exceptional pros
perity. The bet students ;f economic conditions agree Ilia!
there will be no material setback when the European
war is concluded. Again using the mHal market as an
illustration, prices will recede ami maes. consequently
must recede. The prices of securities, however, ma
have a temporary recession but soon will advance above
their present levels.
The provident wage-earner should r ' ogniy.c the pn-.
cut as the time to adopt frugality and iipply his saving
to mniscrvat'vc investments. Do it now when your pay
check is fat! llocome a stockholder as Well as a vvanc-earner!
tual alliance with Germany. Munition factories, ware
houses and docks were blown up. Combs were planted
in the holds of ocean steamships. Horses destined for
shipment to the Allies were crippled. Carloads of ex
ports were derailed and burned. Plots were undertaken
to induce strikes of dockworkers, to blow up the Welland
Canal and a bridge crossing the St. Lawrence. Ameri
can passports were forged until genuine passports be
came almost worthless. Huerta was supported in his
attempt to' finance a war against the United States.
False manifests vere used to supply provisions- to Ger
man warships.
All these violent and illegal measures failed, of course,
to accomplish their purpose, just as the frenzied pub
licity campaign failed. The violence, indeed, was the
chief factor in discrediting the more legitimate meas
ures. Their effect was to enrage the nation and land
the perpetrators in jail. Some dozens of conspirators
and dupes have already been convicted. Other3 are still
awaiting trial.
Soon we shall have heard the last of this most un
fortunate chapter in German-American relations. And
then we shall feel more like being friendly with Germany
again provided she has in the meantime done tlv
square thing by way of reparation for the Lusitania and
other U-boat crimes.
of- killed had not been ascertained j
when the first olhcial communication j
was made public, but the minister of j
munitions slated that the disaster j
would make no particular difference ;
in the vutput of war munitions. In
connection with the failure of thej
British authorities to identify the fac-1
tory destroyed, it was recalled that ,
the Great Woolwich arsenal lii s seven !
miles east of London on the River
Thames. About 67.0ii0 perrons are
said to be employed there.
Ten persons were killed and twenty
injured by an explosion in a muni
tions laboratory at Spandau, Prussia. (
i . '
i.
?. r. f..
M'!,VV
i V. I
i iA
v see A A BY
PAVlfl -50 AQe VJE
TvV-S ) S ' " --
-' -
y-Ks.'? -.---
TOWN OF HANESTI
FALLSTO GERMANS
Teutons Take 4C0 Russians in
Hand to Hand Fight on
Moldavia.
LABOR AND CAFITAL.
John D. Rockefeller, Jr., recently delivered an address
:;t Cornell University which, we believe deserves p:.
tial publication as follows:
"Heretofore, the chief executives of important indus
trial corporations have been selected largely because of
their capacity as organizers or financiers. The time is
rapidly coming en the important qualification for such
positions will be a man's ability to deal successfully and
rmicably with kibur.
"I believe the personal relation in industry, will ventu
iliy be retarded as an important part of those college
courses which aim to fit men for business life.
"For after all, is it not tiie personal relations wiih
one's fellows w.!:i h, when rightly entered into, bring joy
nd inspiration into our lives and lead to success, and
which, on the oilier hand, if disregarded or wrongly in
terpreted, bring equally sorrow a-nd discouragement and
lead to failure?
"Labor and capital are naturally partners, not enem-'
ies; and the personal relation' in industry, entered into
in the right spirit, gives the greatest promise of bridg
ing tiie yawning chasm which has opened up between
employer and employe.
"To often capital regards labor merely as a commod
ity to be iKJught and sold, while labor not infrequently
regards capital as money personified in the soulless cor
poration. But labor and capital ar,' men men wiih
muscle and men with money. Both are .human beings
and .the industrial probh m is a great hrman problem.
"The popular impression that from the very nature of
the case labor and capital are two great contending
forces arrayed against each other, each striving to gain
the upper hand through force, each, feeling that it must
arm itself in order to secure from the other its ris'ii
3 -zS A
(By Review Lessed Wire)
The capture of the town of Xanesii.
on the Sereth river, by German troops
on Friday, is 4he latest important
development of the war fronts. The
Russion forces are continuing their
counter attacks in the eastern Car
pathians and north of the Suchitza
valley. On the Moldavian frontier but
the Berlin war office announces that
tiie Russian assaults generally were !
checked in hand to hand lighting and i
that in one of them the Russians lost 'HIV I IQT TRIPMTI-
severa! hundred men killed and 400 ; A I LAO I I 111 wU I L
made prisoners. Two attacks de
livered dv tue Teutonic, forces, m tne : 111 firH
course ot heavy lighting at other
points on tne Moldavian frontier were
iepul.;ed by Russian.'..
There were no important develop
ments on the RusbO-German battle
' - -' i
-" t-- ------V-- rt '.:. . f-iiN-j vjC
(Continued From Pae One)
sharp volleys and Chief Master-at-
Anns Charles Mitchell, who was wi'ii;
n.;e rtii.i pairoi auacKs anu repulses ' Pewey ot Vania I;av .nded 'Taps.
t oiisLuuieu in1 cniti actions in tr.e '
Kranco-Beljluu war theatre. Quiet!
was reported on the Macedonian from.
WANT STATE AID
TO BUILD ROADS
TO RESERVATIONS
(By Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX, Jan. I'O In Liie course
of a twenty minute session today the
Senate iransacted a small volume ol I
business and adjourned till Monday '
morning to which time the 1.0 use had !
taken an adjournment the day beloie. j
Reports from the state historian, t'ie '
adjutant general, the livestock .-ani- j
lary board, the board of health and !
the board of control weid leeched
-.ml referred. j
f
Only one floral decoration, that ofj
Mrs. Dewey, was placed on the casket, j
It was selected by George Dvey, cnly(
son oi' the admir.il. fn in anion? I''-' f
hundreds banked at the vault and car-'
peting the ground around it. One liugej
g:ld crescent holding hundreds o.fj
American Beauty roses was presented j
by fie officers of the Atlantic Fleet. !
Secretary Daniels had invited r.H l''v-i
ine former secretaries of tiie navy and;
their assistants to attend the bur';.'.,
srrvues and among those who car.iej
were Charles J. lionanarte, Herbert L.
Sat t trie', Charles II. Allen and Fra".k
W. Uackett. !
The bodyguard was under ccmmtif.d
of Commander Roberts of the ?iay-
fiower. i
' 1
LEAK PROBE MOVED
OVER TO NEV
till
With Money
That's the way wealth has been gained ever since the
world started.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is making money for you with the four per cent
interest which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT
GROW!
Citizens Bank & Trust Company
Main Street Blbe, Arizona
Will E. McKee, President C A. McDonald. Cashier.
O. W. Wolf, Assistant Cashier.
ator Colter, of Apache, representing
.j the President and Congress that
of the 7.0(i(i,0('ii acres in the state of.
Arizona more than one half is in
cluded in government reserves ot one
kind or another, lu.noo.'jnu acres be
in? in Indian reserves. Ttiese. variox-
reserves are so situated as to prevent! witnesses called. II
the development of the resources and j fore the committee ;i
roads of the state. The government ;
reserves, pointing out that the In
dians themselves would be the chiel
beneficiaries of such an arrangement.
The memorial was adopted.
A bill was ilitroriuce.1 by Senator
Kinney, of Gila, appropriating $4
to co'.er a delicti ol the state law
iiui.w?, cincii.v lor ine pajuniiL ui r d r I i p J
iu ooohs purchased in ine ears
m:;, mi ami i.i.
Senator I'.dter introduced a bill foi
the modification of the educational
test for voters.; The present law re-
wise iiualilieil. can register be n:ll.(
be aid,, to n ad the constitution of the j '"'
I lilted .Slates. The
IMisKia has apparently plunged headlong back to re
action, which is a habit that Itussiu has whenever jmy
P'Tceti! .At: po!i'ic;I pretT'-s'-- ' as !;::! v.
and its just dues, is even more unfortunate than it i.-i
untrue.
"I cannot believe that labor and capital are neces
sarily enemies. I cannot believe that the success of o.:e
must depend upon the failure or lack of success of the
other. Far from being enemies, these two forces must
necessarily be partners. Surely, their interests are
common interests; the permanent well-being of neither
can be secured unless the other also is considered, nor
can either attain the fullest possibilities of development
which lie before bot'i unless they go hand in hand.
"Only when the industrial problem is approached from
the point of view of a firm belief in this doctrine is there
any hope of bringing about closer, more healthful and
mutually advantageous relations between these twj
forces. -
,-lf labor and capital are pnrtn'r:;. then certain thing;
must, follow. They must have contact. This stand'u?
aloof one from the other must end. Partners know eac.i I ic;.ns, who availed themsclve
other, they rub elbows, sit around the same table, come
to understand each other's point of view.
"Bespect grows in the heart of each for the other, con
fidence is developed, and they come to realize that th''V j
are working with a common interest for a common re
sult. But this attitude, this relationship, is the personal
relation in industry. Not.'iing else will take its plai e.
nothing else will bridge the chasm of distrust and
hatred.
"As the officers of our great colourations come to sc.1
more and more that the problem of understanding their
i mployes and being understood by them is a vital prob
lem, one of l he tnot , iieportant ilh which the nutmr-tc- . .
meiit is confronted, they will be conwiiccd not only of CIIKVKXNK, Wyo.. Jan. -II
llnv wisdom of devoting far more time to such contact
but of the desirability and tie' advantage to themsehes,
mid 'to the employes as well as to the company, of sii-:i
closer relation and intimate conference in retard to ma'-
t i s of common !nt"p -t a'.i! covtc"!'."
(Continued From Pa-C One)
of t'" Wal' Strtet Journal and the
Dnv Jones and Coiupa-iv S'c.'S Tick
er, doubtless will be one ol the first
explained be
reek ao that
information that a peace note was ex-
rif2SSSill8
V YORK liKByifilil
li null
is therelore a.jked i'j do-operate with pectgd reached him through one of
Uie slate in road building in tin si ; his reporters.
The committee and Mr. Whipple
want more details as to the id-nHiy
of tiie reporter and the source of h!s
information.
Morgn is Called
Several New Yoi:. iers. in
cluding J. P. Morgan. Fr;-nk A. Vm-
S. Bache. Henry P. Da-. ;. n.
Arttinr I inner and Sol C Werler, ; 'so
jwill be qiiestioiied at fie New York
! bearills. Tbe-y were !.iiii; ,,;M' ' 1
I w"ek and some of tin -;i were here '
I ready to testify when fie heari'i-s
'II'
i
SAVING AND THRIFT
ARE TWIN SISTERS.
They are nisn inseparable companions, for where you
hi ll Saving, there you will find Thrift. Do not wait
i r leere prospi rous times before you know them bet
ter. They will safely guide you to success. The
place cf Absolute Security for money is tiie Miners
Merchants Bunk.
Open an account nojv.
A' Interest Paid on
Time Deposits.
.in i n t I liof.ir.. .i itivi.li t( It, r
wrp1 iiiM i i um' ;i. ii i iiwi i 1 1 1 ( yw
1 (tf-r. Mm iMi'l ifrords from
I, ,..,, . ' IT i I!I'S ! HIT.
iu; iiuiii v i v.x i
x:. x i, ,..i ...l,..,t ..i :,.. ' ( hl at.o ami l.nston were
of the
treaties between Mexico and the I'nit
id States to become citizens of the
latter, pi'ovided they are more than
l;-sl week.
Opening Hearing Delayed
When hearings will be re
here is problematical. They w
salvioen.ied
j!aimliilMUUUJ)
limed
re to
!
it
... t v
till v years of age and have resided mliae m en reopen, u .u a ,
Arizona for live years. j w iih the first w itness. Mrs. Ituth i
A bill was introduced bv Senator Thoinasfiii Viscont i. v. ho 1 awson sa s i
Koberts. ol Coi hi. e. providing tor tm told him S-cretar luiiiulty ami oin-
destruction d' prairie dogs by the . rs profited by a "b ik." She probab-
state authorities. The state is to be ' v will not be ct.lled to (esliiy uttil,
reiinbiiiseil by the owners of the land the committee resumes ottincs nt the
In re such destruction is cltecteil ami caniti'l
in case reimbursement is not mad.' ylT YYhii'idc left late today
lilist ; Vork to ce.lse iirr?liget..eti:
the hearings. The ceinrulti
i low Monday in J.I
l;or a very small annual rental we will
provide a place for your valuables that is
absolutely secure against fire and theft,
and that gives you ONE place for ALL
your valuable papers, jewelry, etc.. instead
of stowing them away in a dozen different
insecure places.
the expense becomes a lieu
the laud.
I
NAMES SALT LAKE.
t. n. jS t
1
CUBAN PLAYS WITH REDS
Sal! HAVANA. Jill. L'll
i n . ritv I "inIi u:is .-Iuiscm for tie-, the Cuban oiitlielder. last year's s'ai
litis meeting place of the American batter and base stealer of the Vir
National Livestock Association late ginia Uamie. today sine to play He
today. The I'tah city won over Kan- I!I7 season with fie Cincinnati N.i
s;is City. Mft. I.siiiic T. Plior of San tionaK The sahuy was not mad
Antotiio. Tea. wa.-. i lei ted prc.i b :.t. kr.ee i,
!
for I
will u.l- i V
M.tMIU'I Cui'tit.1 I
j r
, -..I ...I.I ... 1.. .. l
V lllhlll (Mil IIPHP-I . I.IM ! ..- ......--AAA
i.w-
rrniyrTT-ra .
-?j, .-rL
REVIEW WANT AOS ARE BUSINESS GETTERS
.
t
t
y V
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 21, 1917.
FIVE
i
1
1
f
4
I
1
f
CEMENT SALESMAN
SAYS CONCRETE IS
BEST FORPAVEMENT
Bert Clingan Advocates Use
of Solid Concrete for Streets
and Roads in Arizona Is
With Southwestern Co.
i '
Paving in a great many cities and
jn country roads is being done, to an
ever increasing extent, with solid con
crete without a binder. This is the
surprising information given out here
yesterday by Bert Clingan, Arizona
Portland Cement company of El Paso
and an experienced paving man.
Clingan is in the District, accompa
nied by Mrs. Clingan, for a few days
on business.
Say paving to the average man and
he imagines brick or some binder
coating on a bed of either crushed
rock or concrete. In Arizona the
binder on concrete and crushed rock
has been much in vogue though Bis
bee indulged in the extravagance of
putting brick on its streets and is
now paying the price. Not until lately
has concrete, of itself, been regarded
as a satisfactory pavement.
"Concrete for pavement is getting
more and nftire consideration at the
hands of all municipalities," said the
Cement man yesterday. "We are con
sidering the placing of concrete on
several of Douglas" streets, the speci
fications having called for such a class
of work.
"The two greatest things to be said
in brhalf of concrete are its durabili
ty and Its cost The latter idea can
be emplined when it is known that
one of the standard pavements, with
a binder, costs fi'om $2.35 per yard
up. In Bisbee, for instance, it would
cost $1:75 per yard or less, to put
down concrete pavement In both
instancei the base to be used is six
inches in thickness."
Clingan has been in the paving busi
ness for everal years, having been
with the Barber company, and with
the Warren Brothers company before
being associated with the Southwest
ern Cement company. While in Bis
bee he looked over the Rcal situation.
as far as paving was concerned, and j
declared ne would call again when
the council or the property owners de
cided that they needed the best pav
ing on the market.
BISHOP HUGHES TO
TALK IN BISBEE
THURSDAY NIGHT
Bishop Edwin Holt Hughps is com
ing to the high school auditorium on
Thursday night, January 25, as the
next number of the Warren district
Lyceum Committee's winter course of
entertainment.
Bishop Hughes was formerly bishop
of the Methodist church over three
states, with headquarters at San
Francisco, and has recently been
called to a similar post east. He is
the youngest bishop ever appointed
it is said.
Both he and his brother Mat
Hughes, formerly pastor at Tasadena,
are magnetic talkers.
( Mi t i,v-:;-
SPECIALTIES
Upton's Extra Four Specials for Saturday and Sunday,
5c straight; other days 4 for 25c.
A Full Line of New Pipes and Cigar Holdersvju?t
received: Beautiful Meerchaum and Briar Pipes and
Cigar and Cigarette Holders in a large and varied assort
ment. Distributors for National Chewing Gum Co.'s gums in
all flavors. A new product and going strong.
Flor de Baltimore Upmann's Extra Five
Out West 5c Cigar. Parcel Post 5c Cigar.
Best Values (3 sizes) Club House, Longfellow, M. & O.
(3 sizes) and Londres
Dry Climate, 3 for 25c, 10c straight, 2 for 25c.
. Watt 5c. Lawrence Barrett 2 for 25c
Full line of 5c cigars including Havana Grant, David
Garrick, Best Values, L. B. A. Good Cigar.
A new line of Loose-Wiles and Watkins Candies.
We do a general jobbing business.
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
Bisbee Smoke House
Main Street.
Phone 1
PRACTICAL JOKER
RESPONSIBLE FOR
"HUSBAND WANTED"
Mrs. Margaret Stripe Don't
Want a Husband She Has
One Already She Want3
to Know Who Wrote Letter
Evidently there was a mistake. But
it wasn't the Marshals fault. That,
official cannot read behind the lines
or even in between and anyhow it
must be some practical joker who
sent a letter to James Allison, sever
al weeks ago, asking for a husband.
Mrs. Margnret Stripe, of Los Angeles,
is the righteously aggrieved party and
deserves a rectification of the matter.
It will be remembered, perhaps,
that the Review published a letter
wherein someone, signing the name
of Mrs. Margaret Stripe, and claiming
her address in Los Angeles, wanted a
husband and particularly one from
Arizona "for they make such good
husbands," etc. The story must have
been responsible for several inquiries
on the .part of aspiring Arizona men.
Read Mrs. Stripe's side of the af
fair: Los Angeles. Calif.,
January "5. 191".
Mr. james Allison.
Bisbee, Arizona.
Dear Sir:
I received a .clipping, also a letter
from a niifti,' telling me he had read a
letter I sent to you asking you to got
me'a husband. Now, I am Mrs. Mar
g?ret Stripe, but I never wrote or
sent such a letter to you. Now would
you please do me the favor and send
me the letter that some poor fool took
upon himself or herself to send you.
I sure would like to trace it up for
myself as well as for my husband.
You know a letter like that could
cause great trouble in a family and I
sure want to clear myself of any
thing like that. I think it a dirty
shame in anybody to do such a trick
on anyone. Mr. Allison, would you
please right the mistake in your pap-
A wcmap. never looks
lu-iicr than hev Hair
CCINOI GCtNO!! j-OMEIII
Thsnn.va of woman owe th?"r
yoji:--. L'l si;."iearr.:ii o t. NL.VT.2W.4
rirL-U?IClt!J. No matter vluit rany
n Iit v., t. woman villi v ni :e
hnl of h:.ir thol suft.
pl o -y CP'1 clwayz lacks
:.' 7 she i .
liL.Cf ICl:Jli reaS'eslo huirbeau
tifui v:i?h t..:t shorn a:vj tiii.iir.ier
w!:;ch i? aitiT.ci.iv2 i-i. 1 (.lways
wit :ttc3 a hcali' 7, n-1 rural firovrih.
It fcerjr. tI:- rrl i f- :c f;-:n Cir.il-r-i?
v.-l t'.:? hair 0-. iz. '.:v -jr.
!!-.-.-
:.:o rr:
".lust r.s p -,' o .t 1 xi is
":'e f,-vj:n :v:':.;i! ci.u:J:-!!.' tviia
d,l:-n-.-c;-."
T.'swari.'s I'.: i:i CC;n:- " ; .00
sirs is srl.i ai t.'i-l V.ur-, r.r.'i
toi L ranJi ccinicrs. GjsriAd by
Tr !' Ca.
i'. r.ic.-jO'J and a.jo!?ccii3r
ir.2 .-. by I'-'Z best bu.-bcrs ar.d hair
dressers
JOY SMOKES INDEED
are those contained in a box of
our cigars. They soothe and
quiet the overworked mind, re
lax the lired body. Made" for
men who appreciate the flavor
of fine tobacco and ho also rea
lize good cigar values when they
see them.
Old Nobility, 10c, and 2 for 25c.
91
J. C. White, Prop.
; er so I will not receive any more such
litters?
I would be very much obliged to
you if you would do that for me.- I
have a I .- gouU fiiuida in Bisbee
who I would like to put right. Thank
ing you in advance for any attention
you may give this letter, I am,
Respectfully yours,
Mrs. Margaret Stripe,
:426 Arroyo Seco Ave.
P. S. .My old address was I'Ol'S Huron
Street.
BISBEE GOLFERS
WIN MUDDY MATCH
(Continued From Page Two)
dividual medal scores were kept for
qualification in the individual cham
pionship. The best eight scores qual
ified for this; the second eight for the
second flight and the third eight for
the third.
The Warren District representa
tives held their advantage in the sec-
,' ond round of the course. The final
results were as follows, in the play!
against bogey:
Warren District Country Club minus
Warren District ." minus 99
Douglas .
Tucson
Phoenix
El Taso
Cobre Valley
101
108
112
116
121
Those who qualified for the individ
ual championship which will be de
cided todav. and the matching, are as
Zeisemer vs Kendall.
Corbett vs Vance.
, Both Zeisemer and Poppen, of the
loral -club, qualified in a tie for the
individual championship but in the
play-off the former won although the
honors of the day as far as medal
score is concerned were won by Pop-
pen against the entire field of all-club
contestants. He turned in a medal
score of 97 for the eighteen holes.
Those who qaulified in the tirst
flight for the consolation cup are Pop-1
nen. Gunter, of Globe: Bannister, of I
Phoenix, and Houck. of Douglas. I
Second flight Wilmarth of El Pa- I
so; Douglas, of warren; Kice, oi I
Douglas and Robinson, of Douglas.
Consolation Pcltnn. of Warren; Dun-1
bar. of Phoenix: Steinfeld. of Tucson: I
and Gohring, of Warren. 1
Third flight Shrader. of Tucson : I
McClennon, of Phoenix; Curry, vofto Comma Dublan. It will require
Globe, and French, of Douglas.
Consolation Wakefield, of Tm son; '
Neff. of E! Paso: Edwards, of El Pa- j
o; and Bennett, of Phoenix. i
The social expectations of the oc- !
n idday luncheon at which the players j plus supplies and baggage to be
had a joyous opportunity to discuss brought out by the "motor truck trains
their virtues and shortcomings s dem- which have already left Columbus. N.
onstiated during the morning. Fol- ' M.. for the south, according to relia
lowing the afternoon play which was I tie information received here. Two
held in abundant sunshine but attend- , weeks will be required to move all of
ed by a gale which was disconcerting
to say the least, there was a most en
joyable dinner. Tables were set down
the length of the clubhouse assembly
room. Impromptu entertainment con
tinued until a reasonably late hour
when the players retired to be in con-
dition Tor the tourney which will bn
continued to a hiiDPV conclusion to-
day.
t
TEXAS MILITIA ELEVEN
MOPS UP WITH GOTHAMITES
SAN ANTONIO. Jan. 20 Employing
an interference that opposition could
J not penetrate, the Second Texas In
fantry football team today registered
ten touchdowns and nine goals from
touchdowns against the New York
Cavalry eleven for a total of 09 points
and held the New Yorkers scoreless
before the largest crowd fiat ever
witnessed such an event in the South
west. The victory gives the Texans
the army championship on the border.
They have rolled up a total of 4H5
points since December G.
WHEN BARRY SIGNED UP WITH RED SOX
if - V
?Ji p-ff
' Scene in tlie reudiiuartcrs of ll.e Bii. ten American league clul in Bos
ton, il.ev.in Jack Barry, slur second sarkcr of the team, signing contract
as milliard . Sun c 'din'; Jlanaper Kill t'ari igan. President Harry Krui.ee
of the Kotl i'ox is yl.o'.vn suited on the right of Barry and V. J. Ward, vice
115,000 MILITIAMEN
ARE ORDERED HOME
(Continued From Page One)
plished in much less than three weeks
after the order is issued. Previous
troop movements of the magnitude of
that of the guardsmen ordered today
have taken two weeks.
The Mexico Northwestern railroad
south from Juarez would facilitate the
withdrawal, but it has been Indicated
that no request for its use will be
made by the United States and that
no offer of it by the Mexican govern
ment is expected.
Ambassador Stays Here
Whether the administration intends
to delay sending Ambassador Fletch
er to Mexico City until after the Am
erican troops come out has not been
definitely indicated, but it has been
pointed out that the stationing of an
ambassador at -the Carranza capital
might be construed as sanctioning cer
tain acts of the defacto government
against which this government has
persistently protested. There was a
suggestion today that continued dis
approval of these acts might possibly
serve to delay indefinitely Ambassa
dor Fletcher's departure for Mexico.
Troubles Pile Up
One question brought sharply to the
front within the last week is that pre
sented by the attitude of the defacto
government toward the national bank
and the British Bank of London and
Mexico. They were forced into liqui
dation for not complying with the de
cree that their metallic reserves be
increased dollar 'for dollar with the
note issues. Since then the govern
ment has secured from them a large
loan in metallic currency and bullion
the metal being carted from the
banks to the treasury. French and
British diplomatic agents have pro
tested without avail.
EL VALLE MEN first
EL PASO. Jan. 20. Although no
J official information has been given
out here regarding the expected with-
drawal of troops from Mexico, army
officers of this district say they ex
poet the movement to begin early
nexi. ween. J nese omcers saiu louay
that General Pershing held a final
review yesterday at EI alle, his
southernmost point, preparatory, to
the withdrawal of the troops there,
numbering approximately JoOO men.
four days for them to move from the
El Vall outpost to field tieadquarters
at Dublan.
The actual movement over the bor-
der is not expected to stait until lat-
the troops to Columbus, it was esti
mated. A train load of oats for the cavalry
horses to eat on the march out was
the last shipment to be made over the
Mexico Northwestern Railway yester-
' day. all other shipments having bten
f held up by the district quartermaster
.here. Five cars of merchandise from
the Colonia Dublan army stores have
already been loaded at Casas Crandes
Kfor shipment to the border.
Five regiments of Pennsylvania
troops expect to be included in the
latest order for the return of nation
al guard troops from this part of the
border. These regiments have been
on the border longer than any oflier
units. The Second South . Carolina
Infantry: the Ohio and Kentucky
troop also hope to be included in
la.ior General Funston's orders to re
turn home.
UNDELIVERED MESSAGES
Following messages await call
at
Western I'nion office. Bisbee;
Sam Arneson. Willie Dalmasso. S.
G. Bedlobitz, E. M. Lawrence, Fred
'. Goodwin.
Z&L..- if.
THE
Wh
C
Race Suicide, Topic of New Film Play
A Smashing, Daring subject done in a smashing, daring way best describes "Where
Are My Children?" the new motion picture with Tyrone Power in the leading part.
Admission
EXPLOSION KILLS
FIFTY IN LONDON
(Continued From Page One)
find that his parents' house had van-
! ished in the great upheaval. He found
his way to a hospital and was able to
identify the unconscious form of his
mother. In a mortuary he found the
bodies of his father and sister. There
were hundreds who sought relatives
and friends in vain."
American Witness.
LONDON. Jan. 20. An American
business man who was a witness of
the disaster of last evening, gave the
following account of it to the .Asso
ciated Press:
"I had been on a business visit to
the chemical works anil was leaving
! in the direction of the suburban sta
tion late in the afternoon when a
policeman "on duly outside the gi-te.s
called my attention to a small tire that
had just started inside the huge en
closure. "Soon there was an explosion. The
air was full of debris almost instantly
and the crash of falling limbers, col
lapsing buildings and breaking glass
continued like a roar lor at ieabt sev
en or eight minutes. The atmosphere
immediately became heavy with the
smell of gas and the faces of people
in the buildings turned a dull, sickly
yellow. Pi'.iple whom I discerned
here and there though the haze were
all. as was I, hall dazed.
"I was impressed into a volunteer
ambulance corps ami we were rushed
off into the hear ot the disaster where
the explosion had done its worst dam
age. Fire brigades kept arriving in
a seemingly unending procession from
different parts of London, ami from
these We obtained a few necessities
to assist us in '.uir res lie work. This
was carried out in houses and cot
lages on the Iringe of the wrecked
area. Fragments of factory machin
ery weighing tons were toiind a half
mile, a mile and even a mile and a
quarter from the factory. Three
houses were llaiti iieil into a mass ot
kindling wood and here we took up
.Mir heart rending work.
" There were w'.mmh'il who had le en
dug out from the debris, while otiieio
were found seriously injured ling
uncovered and helpless in streets,
gardens and open places. Flames
Irrtm the - burning building, which
Krew brighter as time went on, gave
us a tair light through the pall of
smoke, log ami dust. Then-, was a
paucity of ambulances facilities for a
tiling but this was remedied before
the night was well advanced, and we
devised a system.
"The ; urw'isiti': tliin- the i.ir.'c
AG L E
HF ATRF
THE HOUSE OF COMFORT
Continuous from 1 to 10 p. m.
Are
,eer
nildi
number of persons whose injuries at:
tirst appeared to be serious, but wl.V)
later sesponded to our tirst aid at- ;
tempts and walked off fairly sound,
with bandased arm or head, to assist
in the relief work. I
"The tire was under control about
midnight, but the work of the relief '
force continued until dawn, when the
volunteers were replaced by the mili
tarv and lied Cross worker."
32 SINK WITH SHIP.
NEWPOIITNKWS. Va.. Jan.
Bio" "YOU" Get a
If not, now is the time to buy them.
Your Just Wrights will laugh at bad weather, and smile
''i', ! , . ', 'I V '
riirr r-'" iii-'Tli t-'-
Try a pair and be convinced. We guarantee them to
Make Good.
MS?
ml if?,
Main St., Bisbee.
i-t" SEE DISPLAY.
My
25c
Captain Mitchell and 31 men of thd
Kiitish steamer Cabot ia. sent down
October S. by a Geni--n submarine,
perished on the night their ship was
torpedoed, according to T. W. Edgar,
who was chief officer on the Caboti:u
Edgar is here on the British steamer
Kelvinhrae.
Edgar said the crew left the Cabotia
in four boats, one of them commanded
by the captain. Two hoats were pi' K
ed up the next morning but nothing
was heard of the others.
'air?
r
up at you when it
shines.
W e are selling more
"Just Wrights" every
day. and every one be
comes a Booster for the
Reliable Just Wright
SHOES I
SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 21, 1917.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK, Jan. 20. Shipping
shares contributed a very considera
ble percentage to the moderate oper
ations of the week end session not
withstanding the fears expressed in
maritime circles of a renewed com-nierce-di
-straying activity in Ameri
can waters.
Mercantile marine common was the
active feature of the linal hour at an
extreme sain of S-'is points, with 2-
for the preferred and three for Atlan
tic Gulf and West Indies, while Unit
ed Fruit rose two points, with one for
Pacific Mail.
Vtilitios such as Ohio Gas, Colum
bus Gas, Montana Power, Twin City
Rapid Transit and North American
were anions the usually inactive is
sues sharing in the movement at
pains of 2 to 5 points. Classified
stocks, notably Sears, Hoebuck. Wool
worth, Diamond Match and Home
stead M in in sr ( hansed hands in deal-
in? at 2 to .- points above. Anions
the usual favorites. V. S. Steel re
corded a slight fractional pain while
liethlehem Steel finished 15 points
above yesterday's closing price, afier
early uncertainty. Coppers, motors,
equipments and some of the more
special stocks made appreciable pains
Total sales amounted to 2S0,O00
shares.
I'ond dealings were negligible, with
pendencies to heaviness to the inter
nationals. Total sales par value, $2.
SOO.OOO. U. S. Bonds were unchanged
on call during the week.
METALS MARKET
NEW YORK, Jan. 20 Electrolytic
nearby and second quarters. 2S'4 at
32Vi- Third quarter around 321A. Bar
silver 7G'6.
CHICAGO GRAINS
CHICAGO, Jan. 20. Fear of Ger
man sea rovers put a virtual stop to
export business in wheat today and
caused a material sag in prices. The
result was an unsettled close to
lv net lower, with May at 1.88 to
1.8fi and July at 1.51 Vs to 1.51.
Corn finished to "H at lc down, and
oats off si to Ms- Provisions showed
losses varying from to 12 cents.
Depression ruled in the wheat pit
right from the outset, and there was
at no time any important rally. Corn
fell with wheat. Rural complaints of
a scarcity of cars tended somewhat to
check the bears.
Oats had' no independence and
merely followed the descent of other
cereals. Weakness of hogs and grain
eased down the provision market.
(By L. J. OverlocV.)
BOSTON, Jan. 20. Interest in lo
cal coppers today centered on Calu-
Announcement
The management of the Great Ray Copper Co.
wish to announce that on January 25th next, the price
of that Company's Stock will advance to 50c per share.
It is the opinion of the Company's Directors that
the development of Ore on this property and further
favorable reports from its Engineers fully warrants this
advance.
L. J. OVERLOCK,
Bisbee.
PIANOS
CJ For four
J Fay
i
DBF" NO
LEASED WIRE
It
met & Atizona which was more active (
and 2'S, joints higher at 82"Si on early;
listing of sun k on New York Ex-;
change and tun. or of important strike '
at it nevor properties. General cop-;
per list neglected with tone steady. I
Dig sales of metal expected any time j
wKi ii should n lt in sharp ad' anc; ,
in onp is Ihroir.hoi:' the list. j
PAINE. WKHP.Eil & CO. I
NEW YORK j
Anaconda ;
American Can 4$T
American Car S i
American Locomotive "9 I
American
3.nelter 1091a
American
Sugar 112
Atchison
Iialtimore Ohio
I0i
82i
Ilaldwin 5S-;
liethlehem Steel 4 'S
Chesapeake K- Ohio 4:5
Colorado Fuel & Iron i'Vi
Canadian Pacific 163
Crucible S3
Distillers 27T
Erie
Goodrich 60
General Motors 122
Ind. Alcohol 126
Marine 34
Marine Pfd S9
Maxwell 59
Mexican Petroleum 104
MMvt 61'i
New York Central 101
Northern Pacific 109
Pennsylvania '. 56
Reading 103
Republic Steel .' SO'i
Rubber
Studebaker
Steel
Steel Pfd
St. Taul
60
108
114
121
97
Union Pacific '. 144
United Fruit 154
Westinghouse 53
BOSTON
Adventure 3
Allouez 66
Alaska
American zinc 58
Arizona Commercial 13
Butte Superior 49
Calumet & Arizona 82
Calumet & Heda 561
Copper Range 66
Chino 55
East Butte 14
Granby 87
Green Cananea 45
Goldfield 75
Hancock 19
Inspiration 58
Indiana 2
Kennecott 46
Keweenaw 4
Lake I6
La Salle 4
Miami 41
SMITH & MACGREGOR
Lowell. Ariz.
days only I will give double receipts.
$25 and get a receipt for $50.
Pay $50 and get a receipt for $100.
Only 17 Pianos left, and 6 are Players.
fj All prices must be raised after five days.
3 Last change to buy at or below
before the war prices.
INTEREST
W. MUIR
84
2
21
8
64
S7
81
8S'4
27
9
26
7
55
107
18
4
50
1
4
25
IS
17
1
1
2
05
60
2
7
40
r
i
51
30
1
4
1.92
4
2
3S
Pond Creek
Quincy
Ray Consolidated
Shannon
Sliattuck
Superior Ikiston ..
Tamarack
Utah
t'fah Consolidated
Winona
CURBS
Arkansas Arizona ..
3im
ni? llm
Ttutte & Iindon
; Cornelia
i Denn ..
Dundee
; Emma .
i Gluen
Gold Reed
j Grand Island
I Green Monster
.Howe Sound
Hull Copper
Inspiration Needles
Jerome Verde
' Jerome Victor
' .Magma Chief
.Magma Copper
i Miami Consolidated
j Pittsburg Jerome ...
Ra.v Hercules
j Santa Rita
Tom Reed
United Eastern ..
United Western . . .
Verde Extension . .
Verde Combination
Warren
Wolverine Arizona .
9
1
Oatman Stocks
(Collins & Bretherton)
Bid
Argo 05
Adams 18
Arizona Rex
Arizona Tom Reed
Big Jim 1.24
Boundary Cone 25
Ask
.08
.20
.25
.10
1.25
.30
.06
.15
.10
.15
Carter Gold
Fessenden
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff
Ivanhoe
.05
.05
.12
.06
.13
' .10
Lucky Boy
Merry Widow . . ; .
Oatman Combination ...
Sunnyside
Telluride
Tom Reed 1.96
United Eastern 4.70
.17
.18
.20
2.00
5.00
.09
United Northern
United Western
.08
.04
.OS
Other Curbs
Gadsden 2 62
Green Monster 1.94
Butte London . . .. 25
Dundee 1.72
Venture Hill
Pittsburg Jerome 1.00
Jerome Verde 1.50
2.00
.26
2.00
.17
1.25
1.56
.53
.62
.44
.50
1.00
.50
1.00
no
.87
.75
.75
Arkansas Arizona ....
.50
Jerome Portland
Inspiration Needles ...
Hull Copper
Verde Combination ....
Miami Mother Lode ...
37
40
j Verde Combination ....
Miami Consolidated ...
j Bisbee Copper
.75
.30
.75
04
Butte Arizona
Louisiana Arizona
Jerome Daisy
Warren 9.25
Cured His RUPTURE
I was badly ruptured while lifting a trunlf
several years ago. Doctors said my only hope ol
ttire was an operation. Trusses did me Do good.
h'inally I cot hold of something- that quickly ani!
completely cured me. Years have passed and the
rupture lias never returned, although lam doing
hard work as a carpenter. There was no opera
uon, no lust time, no trouble. I have nothing to
sell. !ur will give full information about how you
may find a complete cure without operation, if
you write to me. Kugene M. Pullen. Carpenter.
MM : :arcellus Avenue, Manasquan, N. J. Better
cutout this not ice and show it to any others who
are ruptured you may save a life or at least stop
Oie misery of rupture and the worry and (larger
yi un operation.
' Mohawk
i Mayflower . . .
! Nevada
Nipissins; ....
Old Dominion
.' Osceola
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
JEBOH
AND
l
Stocks
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
GERMAN SUBSTITUTES
MEET POWER'S NEEDS
DESPITE BLOCKADE
Germany Substitutes Zinz for
Copper, Potatoes for Wheat
Flour, and Barley for Po
tato Flour.
BERLIN (Correspondence of The
Associated Press) The extent to
which substitutes and imitations are
rampant in Germany today fi'jm one
of the most interesting subjects of the
now seasonable reviews. The "ersatz"
the German word for substitutes
is now common not only in the line
of foodstuffs but in technical Industry,
textiles and metals. Though from
time to time indications of this change
in German life have become known
abroad, there have lately appeared in
teresting summaries which afford a
sharper focus on the situation. Some J
of the items in this development, un-1
der their respective heads, are as fol-1
lows:
Saltpeter: Before the war Germany I
imported annually over $40,000,000 1
worth of saltpeter for agricultural and ,
ammunition purposes, mainly from I
Chile, and all of this regular supply I
was lost at the outset of the war. To
day countless factories in Germany are
manufacturing saltpeter, whereas be-1
fore the war there were only a few
experimental establishments, and Ger
many is now able not only to supply
the increased amount of .saltpeter
necessary for ammunition but also has
been able to furnish all that is neces
sary Tor fertilizers.
Aluminum: Before the w-ar the sup- i
ply of beuxite for the manufacture of
aluminum had been imported from
France, and the cutting off of this
supply led German scientists to dis
cover a process of aluminum manufac
ture by electricity from ordinary clay.
Mineral Oils: Chemical experts in
the German coal fields have discovered
new ways of extracting oils from tfal,
partly relieving the serious condition
resulting from the. cutting off of min
eral oil imports which in 1913 amount
ed to no less than $277,000,000.
Rubber: Germany lost practically
all of her imports of rubber, and to
offset this shortage she has substituted
steel for rubber in innumerable cases i
where rubber had been used purely !
for its elasticity. Further, the per-1
fection of a submarine merchantship
made is possible to bring in enough
new rubber to mix with the old in the
creation of a regenerated or synthetic
rubber. The supply of this has been
developed until now it is said to be
sufficient to last for an'other eight
months.
Graphite: Ceylon was the exclusive
source, of supply of graphite used in
Germany before the war. because the
Ceylon graphite was 99 per cent pure.
Since the beginning of the war Ger
many has been dependent entirely
upon the 'inferior Bavarian graphite,
but German chemists have been able
to find a process by which the Bav
arian article can be purified to a 97
per cent standard.
Rosin: Supplies of this had come
exclusively from America and France,
but German chemists have now be
come able to produce all that is need
ed from the German forests, or are
able to use as a substitute for rosin
the by-products of wood and coal.
Textiles: Paper has been adapted
in innumerable instances to serve for j
cloth. By using protoxide of sodium,
sulphite cellulose and paper, a very :
durable and satisfactory thread has ,
been evolved, which, in turn, lends
itself to the creation of sacks and
baas, girdles, doilies, aprons, work
ing garments, wrapping cloth and
thread and string. The inventors have
discovered a way to give the "paper-
cloth" great resistance to dampness.
Cellulose has been found to lend it
self to the production of gun cotton
when combined with other chemicals,
and nettles have proved themselves
to be the source of cotton matting,
thread, yarn, coloring matter and ev
en feed stuffs. Dresses and other
clothes are being manufactured out .
of artificial cotton and wool, as they j
sonjetimes were in peace times. Even I
Oafmai
MILITARY TRAINING i
TOO SOFT FOR BOYS, !
DECLARES EDUCATOR
Dr. Dudley A. Sargent.
That military training is too soft
and routine' for growing boys was
the paradoxical assertion made by
Dr. Dudley A. Sargent of Harvard
University, in a statement sent by
him to the senate subcommittee
which is holding hearings on the
Chamberlain compulsory military
training bilL "Growing boy need
struggle and effort, said Dr. Sar
gent. "But military drill cuts then
off completely from everything of
that Bart ".
the reeds that grow on the banks of
lakes and ponds are being used to
make artificial cloths.
Copper: Almost the only "unsub
stitutable" substance has been cop
per, but there has been found to be
plenty of that on hand in German
industrial plants and elsewhere. In
place of the copper thus taken by the
government there have been installed
aluminum and zinc, out of which
wires and utensils of various sorts
have been fashioned, with perfect j
success. In addition zinc has been
round to do just as well rs copper
In the manufacture of a score of ar
ticles in everyday use, and is a good
substitute also for brass and bronze.
OFFICES:
B'tbee
Douglas
Globe
Jerome
Prescott
Phoenix
P. O. BOX 279
iliard &
Leading Tailors
Announce the arrival of their Spring and Summer Wool
ens and request the pleasure of your inspection.
ALLEN BLOCK.
Iron and steel also substitute satis
factorily in dozens of other cases, and
are now largely used in installing ap
paratus of all kinds, in place of rub
ber, copper and brass. Zinc and alum
inum and zinced iron find their use
now in switchboards and the like in
place of marble or slate.
Foodstuffs: Imitations have play
ed almost if not quite as large a part
as substitutes for foodstuffs of which
a shortage has been created by the
war.' Many of the imitations are of
doubtful nutritious value, some if
them have proved dangerous, but the
authorities have kept a watchful eye
on the situation and have promptly
put the ban on the bad imitations and
required the proper labelling of the
good ones. The grain supply of the
empire, originally not near enough
for the consumption of seventy mil
lions of people, has been "stretched"
by potato flour. And now that the
Direct Wire Connection with
Jerome and All Our Offices.
R. ALLYN LEWIS
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL, BISBEE.
JOHN A. CAMPBELL. Manager.
BONDS, STOCKS, INVESTMENTS
Orders Executed for Cash or on Proper Margin
E. F. Hutton & Co.'s Private
Leased Wire to All Exchanges
Principles of Progress
That the present state of
civilization of all races is the
result of an evolutionary pro
cess is today beyond question
of doubt. One of the princi
ples of this slow form of pro
gress is the inventions which
have broken the barriers of
isolation and made as one all
the nations of earth. The rail
roads, steamships, telegraph,
etc., are prime factors, but
the public press is univer
sally recognized as one of the
greatest agents of public up
lift. It spreads the desire for
knowledge; it furnishes sub
jects for comment; it creates
an air of independence, and it
keeps the great family of hu
manity 'in touch." No fam
ily circle is quite complete
without a daily visitation of
one or more of the leading
papers. To supply this need
for Bisbee and the Warren
District, the Review has en
stalled the latest telegrapn
system, giving you today's
news today, and keeping you
in touch with the whole world
and in "tune" with your fel
low man. Does the Daily Re
view visit your home regu
larly? PHONE 39
Bateman
. potato crop is almost a failure, pota
: to fli.jr will itself be substituted by
; barley during the first half of l!17.
When the coffee began to run short
! its consumption was reduce";!. ' anif
Germany took recourse to admixture
j of chicory, roasted grain, so-called
j "fig coffee." and coffee extracts. Tea.
! which also is short and expensive.
has been gradually replaced by x
, tracts from home grown berries and
j herbs. Germany has learned to alter
its tastes somewhat and to be content
i with brews that are probably just as
wholesome as tea but not quite the
i same in appearance and contents.
Did you
Ask Art?
CORRESPONDENT
E. F. Hutton & Co.
Member New York
Stock Exchange
TELEPHONE
135 J
1
THE BLSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 21, 1917.
SEVEN
i
1
Review Want Ads
AaverttBeiuenis under tit J iead at the rate of 1 cent per word for eacb
as-je trt a minimum cbarg of 25 cents. Adverttse-tents must reach Thf
ip--lew ofT-ee uot Nter than 4 p. m. for insertion In the next morning paper
Wanted
WANTED A chamber maid at Marx
Hotel.
117
WANTED Girl for general house-
work. Must be competent, phone
359. 2
WANTED When wanting help or
wanting employment call up 526.
3S5
V- WANTED Instructor to teach be- j
sinner on guitar. Address J. G. H.
Review. 0000 '
WANTED Corset agent for Globe,
and Miami. Big chance for hustler.
Ines Guernsey, Room Muirbead
House.
WANTED To buy a good second
hand typewriter. Send name and
sample of its work ar.d price to
postoffice box 816, Warren Ari
zona. 54
WANTED A lady housekeeper, one
who can help tend store, good home
good wages. Inquire Home Indus
try Furniture store, opposite Bank
of Lowell. 168
WANTED By competent woman,
lodging or rooming house on com
mission basis. Phone Black 587.'
162
WANTED Small house or housekeep
ing apartment, must be modern and
close in. Will lease or buy if satis
factory. J. A. M., Review office.
173
Positions Wanted
WANTED Position by practical
nurse. Phone Blue 434. 208
Man wishes position on ranch, not
able to do hard work. A. D. F.,
care Review. , 211.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
L. B. WHITNEY. Lawyer, Rooms -
Allen Block, Open evenings. Phone
547. (109)
THE MOOSE HOTEL (Old Kinney
Mousej urnisnea rooms z per i
- week and up, with gas; also light
housekeeping rooms. 178
P. .1. Mc'-ullough, contractor. Phono
20. Box 934. Excavating, retain
ing walls, concrete houses, wells j
and mining work is my specialty, j
221 I
i
Bisbee Mattress and upholstering
work, Hughes Block. We make ov
er old mattresses as good r.s new.
Free delivery. Phone 734. 4St
RirOPENING of old Mason black
smith shop. Horse shoeing, buggy
work and automobile spring welding
a specialty. Call and see nie, I will
treat you right. '. J. L. Strayick.
Prop. 206
" LOST
LOST Diamond sunburst. Return to
Mr. Emil Marks receive liberal re
ward. 108
LOST On 7 o'clock car to Warren,
January 16th, pocket book contain
ing five dollar bill, check, gold
veddin'ring and one child's gold
ring If finder will return to Re
view office he may keep the five
do!!ars. 106
Miscelianeou
For job carpenters call 11.
561
New map of Bisbee-Warren mining
district "free oa request. Arizona
' Bi.sbee Copper Company, Room 8.
Maze Building, Bisbee, Arizona. 633
Learn actual auto rep.-iiring. book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A., Los Angeles. Cat
alogs free. 95,t
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Point & Wall Paper Co. for all
kinds of work in our line. P:tt Clea
ry, manager, Box 1195. Phone 720.
FOR SALE Hipbfft ensb prices paid
for second hacd furniture, stoves,
clo'hlrg ard tool" Uncle JItd'
PETEY DINK Hardly Any
i
i
!
; .
-V
- - ft ' 'sit.
I II : ,! i I Ij II I ! I' I 'I f,
v - JZ- .
r
V
For Rent
FOR RENT New unfurnished room
I and private bath. Quarry Canyon,
Phone Blue 617. 107
FOR RENT One seven room house
j In Warren, one block from car line,
opposite Phelps, Dodge store. In
j quire Miss Beddow, Cole Building,
i 207
For Sale.
FOR SALE One cabinet with speci
mens complete. Hogan & Seed. 83
FOR -SALE Ford, a bargain, M. C.
High, Allen Block. 248
FOR SALE One Sterling piano. In
quire Arizona Grocery Store. 52
FOR SALE CHEAP Six-lid wood
range. Inquire 120 Opera Drive. 149
FOR SALE 15 rooming and boarding
house 80 boarders. All rooms full
Answer M. J. R., Review. 10
FOR SALE Ford touring- car at a
bargain. See Robinson, Erophy
Garage, Lowell. 543
FOR SALE Singer Sewing machine
opposite Barnum stop. John Char
on, Tombstone Canyon. 210
FOR SALE A few dozen White Leg
horn pullets just starting to lay, 4
miles east of Lowell. Address Box
3414, Lowell. 163
FOR SALE New 40 pound felt mat
tress stamped $10. Take it away
for $5 if sold quick. 87 Roberts
Ave. 213
FOR SALE or trade for a good rifle.
a Victrola and 15 records, all in
good condition. N. P. O., care Re
view. 212
FOR SALE or will trade one reliable
gas range and one Oak Heather for
range. Leaving town. 128 Quarry
Canyon. . 205
FOR SALE $500 buys good cow or
goat ranch location. House, well,
30 acres patented land. Adjoining
country subject to new. 640 acre
homestead entries. P. O. box 324,
Tombstone, Arizona. 44
FOR SALE Lots on Winwood Add.
An ideal location for families.
Terms $10.00 down and $10.00 a
month. Mrs. Winwood, Winwood
j Add. " 147
I FOR SALE Concrete mixer, nine
. cubic feet capacity in first-class con
j dition with steam engine and boiler
; complete. , John P. Steffes. P. O.
I box 1828, phone 667, Bisbee, Ariz
! 429
FOR SALE Very fine Airedale pup
pies from prize stock. Nothing less
! than $35. Address J. C. Netz, 1408
j W. Jefferson St., Los Angeles, Cal.
J 164
I FOR SXLE Lockle House, School
! Hill. Terms. Apply R. T. Lockle.
, 1011 East Boulevard, El Past, Tex
(434)
FURNITURE FOR SALE The John
Ron Addition Furniture Co. wants
to pay you the highest cash prices
for your second hand furniture. Al
so wants to trade or exchange you
new furniture for your old. We will
sell you furniture cheaper than
anybody on easy payments. Call
in at the big brick building at the
Tohnson Addition and let us show
you our large and selected stock of
houso furnishings, or phone us at
our store. Phone 385, Johnson Ad
dition. To Exchange
TRADE Will trade Canion Air
Brake for Jerome Portland or Bis
bee Copper. Add. box 2218, Bisbee.
115
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Regular Nature, Eh, Pete?
"PCAUTlFOtL
X i
. l.i':,
A
Furnished Rooms
HOUSEKEKKIXG ROOM S5 Main.
116 ;
Furnished room for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
F. W. Lang, 78 Quality Hill. 230
FOR RENT Furnished room, suitable
for 0ne or two gentlemen. 11 Claw
son avenue. 26
FOR RENT Batching cabin suitable
for two. Mrs. Lenoy, 104 Young
blood Hill. US
FOR RENT Nicely furnished front
room for two gentlemen above In
dependent Fuel office. Main St. 229
FOR RENT Furnished housekeep
ing rooms. Inquire at "The Broad
way," Brewery Ave. 222
FOR RENT Furnished front roon
suitable for one or two gentlemen,
45A Quality Hill. Phone 718. 225
FOR RENT One nicely furnished
room for one or two gentlemen, 108
School Hill. 224
FOR RENT Rooms for light house
keeping, one block north of high
school. 189 Temby Ave. 228
Salesmen
SALESMAN Capable specialty man
for Arizona. Staple line on new
and exceptional terms. Vacancy
now. Attractive commission con
tract for 1917. $33 weekly for ex
penses. Miles F. Bixler Co., 7-3
Carlin Bldg.. Cleveland, O. 202
BUY AMALGAMATED OIL, one cent
a share; 100 percent dividends in
90 days possible; production now
coming in, ground floor stock, one
cent a share, doubles price shortly.
$1 par value, $10 buys 1000 shares.
Write for full details. Amalgamat
ed Oil Co.. 1175 Colcord Bldg., Ok
lahoma City. Okla. 204
SALESMAN Experienced any line,
for unexcelled new specialty prop
osition to general trade; splendid
commission contract for Arizona.
Vacancy Feb. 1st. $35 weekly for
expenses. Continental Jewelry Co.,
73 Continental Bldg., Cleveland, O.
202
NATIONAL PARKS ARE
SOURCE OF SECRETS
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13 "Dame Na
ture has. a way of hiding wonderful
secrets in out-of-the-way places where
the brawn and brain jf man must
work bard to overcome physical obsta
cles and unravel the hidden r-iyste-
ries," said Dr. Charles D. Walcott.
eminent geologist and paleontologist.
Dr. Walcott sketched the life and
work of Major John W. Powell and
Dr. F. V. Hayden in exploring and
making known through writing and
publication the wonders of the great
West, during the eaily 70's, noting
FALKENBURG SHOULD
BE BACK IN MAJORS
Fred Falkenburg.
Fred Fa'!;enbu:-g. cx-Cleve'1!;)
Indian and a star tvirler. with th- .
Indif.napolis Association te-im V:.-: !
season, is said to have all the st'riT
Mouuy that he had in his iiest .
j league days and to be worthy i f :m
' other chance in fast company Fa.'
keiiburg has a faU-away t! at is a
puzzle to every L-atlsr tliat fac-s it.
' '
: """:
Hi U
"il 'ifllll'tll iff !
CHICAGO STIRRED BY GR. '!'? n!AM,
HE ALKY AND "illXi: -flliS I'lIiT" i
?l - :;V -,-4
U. . :
:..:?,..,- .?
. Mr-'
DOC
Tcp. Chief of Police Healey (left)
and Stnte's Attorney lioyne. Be
low. "J.Iike the Pike" Heitler.
Chief of Po!ice Charles C. Healey
of Chicapo is under arrest on five
charges of conspiracy ami Lribery,
and is enjoying his liberty undor
$100,000 bonds. The city is stirred
I by charges of craft made by State's
Attorney Maclay Iloyne.who has also
! pk.eed under arrest several persons
1 charged with being Healey's agents
in the collection of bribes and black
mail. Ecst known among them is
j "Mike the Pike'' Heitler, levee over
lord, cambler and alleged vice col
lector, who has figured prominently
in Chicago politics for many years.
The men undc." arrest insist they are
innooent and will put up a hard fiEht
for their freeuonk
especially the Grand Canyon explora
tion by Powell and the Yellowstone
Park expjration by Hayden.
No one is better schooled in the
lessons of hide-and-seek w hi.-Ii Danie
Nature plays with. s ientists in her
teachings than Dr. Walcott, wno has
scaled some of thPjhlglie.it peaks and
descended the deepest canyons of the
country in search iif a lost geologic
formation "jr a rare fosoil specimen.
In this connection i'r. Walcott point
ed cut the value ot our NotU:nal
1'arks as a scientific asset, citing some
of his personal experiences, lie sUUeJ
that scientific explorers long fizo be
gan to search fur tjie "v, hys" and
"wherefore;;" in the YeU'Jwstone, the
Yosemite, the Grand Canyon, the
Rockies, the Cascades, and tiie forests
of great trees on our I'acinc Coast.
Even their knowledge of these great
tracts was gained but slowly: eventu
ally, however t!;e people awoke to
what Nature had preserved lor them
and they soon deiiaiid'-d that tt:e
,'jvernment take chajv oi these great
study and recreation areas.
"Within tiiese parks scientific re
searches will be conuueted lor genera
tions to come," remaned Dr. Walcott.
"Men of science and research will he
drawn to these everlasting criminal
source of Nature's slory, and will re
iurn to tiieir work invigorated anu
enthused for deeper study oi the on
deis "jf the earth."
"To interpret thf fo.-sil for".. is of
tiie yeliow stone," I r. ';:!colt c .ii
tiniit'l. "the ::;udents will g- lo tiiose
.:;i::it iiviu ,rees. niillentuuies old, in
.Mariposa Crcvr and St ijuoia I'arK. Tiie
student of the glaciated i.ifs of the
Yosemile will gi iv ;lacier National
I'ark to .study active g!a; ieis and th"ir
work. The tludeiii. of the volcanic
rocks of ( rater IiKe, Rainier, and the
Yellowstone, will g. to Hawaii to
watili the living hres of great volca
noes in operation."
lie also p'jinied, out that i lit- .;iv
ants who specialize on the oldest .'c'.i
nientary rocks and liie of tiip world,
can gather data in the Glacier I'ark
and form the hot springs and gesers
of the Yellowstone, which will t--1 1
them much by way of explanation i;:el
internrctation. Kvcn to the less spe
cialied Americans, the loers of He
wild life of liie continent, the par.
have a siroifg a)peal, for there fir:
Walcott bcliexes, they will, fire more
peaic anil rtiiitciitnieiit than evistcd
,H ;
':;
1 V"S..:'- '
ft-
even before the advent of the white
men. when the native Indian hunters
and the predatory beasts roamed at
will.
"Men and women of ail minds,
weary from the constant turmoil ot
business, will in'.. ale tiie elixir of life
in the Parks," concluded the speaker,
"they will marvel at the rule of Jav
in Nature and r.pply scientific method.
to their d.iily lives and acthities.
whether we will or not, tli" scieiuifi::
tiicthod and di' ine spirit must rule
humanity in the future, and as a great
source of iraiuiim a'id inspiration, the
National Parks will be a mighty asset,
both scionlii.i: and spiriiuhi thioiigh
the centuries."
. :. . ; t
'"'-' t
' 4 . .
t
5RV ,
CEiniA ZIIrPELIN WRECKS BRITISH
ATTACHE'S RESIDENCE IN BUCHAREST
- fry jgi-
l.cli if. nj.:l: .:oni-l I i;o::i son. Su
im Mt'ps of v
Id.- nittiwc :is ir.L n shortly I
tici -, ;,!! ,i; ,! i',c- an i..Va of the I
itt icsiitt net- ot toltiiifl I hiiinpson
,'V.V!..,,;v'-'V ;
1 ,
7
HMUI.U
.A V. '- :;"
'T7' ":,'' i? 4s;- -V'
V
e
A jri
U'ttK ENDING JANCAKi 7.
Monday
Tuesflay
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
N. C. BLEDSOE. W. M.
15. T. WATKINS. Sicy. F. & A. M.
! a. m. colw::ll. e. h. p.
c. v. ph;ij:rook. t. i. m.
J. K. FRY. K. ('.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secy. Chapter &
('ci:nrniiii(loiy.
W. R. BANKS, Sfcy. Council.
-m
LUUiic Mb o7.
Regulur meeting first bad ttitru
Friday of each month. Visiting brotb
&rs cordially invited to attend.
CHAHI.KS S E.M Zxal'ed Ruler
rt B. COOVEft Secretary.
B'SBE LODGE NO. 10, I. O. O. F.
Meets every
Wednesday
evening at
" "sjw 1 rt.l Collnva
Hail, Main street at 7:C0 p. in. Visit
ing brothers' cordially invited to at
tend. Hall phone 119.
CARL, V. NELSON, N. G.
G. A. PLUNKKTT, Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNiTED STATES OF AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. U f "10.
-ets lnL O.
O. F. Hall sec
ond and fourth
Saturday a t
v7:30 p. m. Vis
t'n Brothers
cordially in
vited to attend.
Gi:0. S LEE
MAN. W. M.
ROB'T. FERGUS, Secy.. Box 426.
Bisbee,
IUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN M.ECHANICE
M.t In Medlgcvic
hall, pecond and fount
Tuesdays each month.
Visiting brothers we!
come
HOMER C. TREE?
Councilor.
W. A. CUNNINGHAV
Recording Sec'y
(Jeorirc Barclay and Captain Watford
rccUcd house.
fore the capttire of Huchare-i by the
ivoc wrotifrlit by a Zeppelin tuml. to
British military attache at the Kou-
x ;a -
1
. r t . .-.. . -r V
Notices..
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Ratbbone Lodge No J
Knlghta of Pyihia
meet eacb Thun?di
(except second) In OJ4
Fellows Hall at 7:36
p m Visiting brother
H-d tally lnrtted
M. ENOCHS. C. C
C. KRIGBAUM. K. or It e
T. f. a
fRATEILNAL
EOTHERHOOi
Bisbee Lodge Nt
452 mets the lsi
and 3rd Monday
of eacb month a
7:30 at fMrf
N "iji tr "
""- Irw' Hall
Ing members cordially invited
H. L. FENNER, President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTL TrHu -
Box 722, Tel. 23 i. feed
CATHERINE SALHOL.U. Socrct..-,
BISBEE LODGE NO. 71E
xri cw -Til y
Meets every Friday nlni. m- -visiting
brothers, cordially invfi-r
J. V. PETTEY. Dictator
K.VY ROSS, Secretar
F. O. E.
Bisbee Aerie 1 it
F. O. E. Eieets fir
nd third Mondayn
8 p. m.. Eagle HalL
Visitors cordially welcome.
RICHARD DAVIS, President
M. D. COHEN. Aerie Pnysician.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES
OF SECURITY.
Bisbee Council No. 2115 meets la
Medigovich Hal! every second nd
Fourth Thursdays at 7:30 p. m
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAT, Pres.
E. UNDQUIST. Ftn. Box 3246. LcweU
INEZ McKINNEY, Box 3455. LoU.
WOODMEN CIRCl F
Meets 4a Medigovich Hall 2nd and
4th Fridays cf each month. 304
ELLEN FOLLEY. Guardian
PAULINE F. BROWN. Clerk.
P. O. Box 621
Advertisenent.
MODE RKW OO O M E N OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No
13415. Meet first Tue-.
day at Odd Fellow
Hall.
R. L. MOTZ.
Vbz sul.
H. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
PYTHiAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple No. 3, meet every 2ve
j dad 4th Thursday evening cf eac!)
I month at Odd Fellows' Hall VLltlng
; sisters are cordially Invited. 19
OLIVE BAILEY. M. E. C
HONOILX MUNCH. M. of R. C
WOODMEN OF THE WQRLD
?'.
"ir meet 1st and 3rd Wed
;-" nesday at 7-30 Brcp'uy
- ii '' i Hall.
- j. L. WINTER;.-!. C. C.
O. a. TliOMAS. Clera
Hail. All Woodmen invited.
I. O. R. M.
Meets firbt and thiro
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
In Medigovich Hall All
visiting Red Men invited
:o attend.
JOHN KELLY. Sachem.
W. D. COHEN, "'dtciae Man.
F. C. FENDERSO. ?. ot R.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
Pearl Chapter No.
meets In Masonic Hall
second and fourth Tue
day of each njontb. at 7:3
MRS. ANNA C. I!l( H VKILS.
Worthy Matron
Pl-one 1. O. Box SU. Bisbee.
MRS. jESSK BEVAX. S.-t'y. P. O. Box
229, Chairman Relief Com. Fhr-ne M"
By C. A. Wight
Vv - 'i. vr-i-
w
! W
i T
!
V
0
L"ia. EIGHT
THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY .MORNING, JANUARY 21, 1917.
Orpheum
1 lo 10:30 P. M.
A Powerful Dramatization of CLARK IRVIN'S Gripping Story of Love and Finance
produced by the
AMERICAN FILM COMPANY
ALSO
PATH E W EEKLY NO. 103
ADMISSION: AFTERNOON 10 CENTS. EVENING 10 AND 15 CENTS.
The Home of Real Reel Features.
Continuous from 1 to 10. ,
"WHAT WOULD YOUR DAUGHTER SAY?"
Valerie Marchmont, woman of the dance-hall, feels the
blush of shame when the question is asked. She knows
that her own child is safe in a convent. Then mother
and daughter meet and realization follows.
WILLIAM FOX
Presents
GLADYS BROCKWELL
in a double role, in his new photoplay
Sins of Her Parents
A moral lesson that every mother should see
Written by Directed by
Thomas Forman Frank Lloyd
ADMISSION - - - - 10 and 15 Cents.
3 PM.
TRIANGLE DAY
Fine Arts presents
DOROTHY GISH IN
Grefolisii toe
A Typical Dorothy Gish Role Which She Interprets
with Her Characteristic Charm.
ALSO KEYSTONE KOMEDY
"A LOVER'S MIGHT"
With Fred Mace.
ADMISSION
Tickets Issued on
THEATRE
TODAY
SUNDAY'S
"THE FR1VATE OFFICER'
Two Reel Drama.
"SPIKED SWITCH"
One Reel Drama.
"THE BUCKSHOT FUED"
One Reel Comedy.
MONDAY'S
General Reels cf Comedies and Drama.
Admission - - - 5c
Quality First
SUNDAY ONLY
WILLIAM KUSSELIN
mm
6:15 P.M.
1 B
Greenhorn
10 and 15 Cents
3-: Coupons Accepted for Any '
Performance.
PROGRAM
PROGRAM
I fieatre
1 to 10::30 P. M.
RETURNS TO TOMBSTONE.
Al Godfrey, well known Tombstoner
after visiting friends in Bisbee for
several days, returned to the county
seat yesterday morning.
BIG TURKEY DINNER
Big turkey dinner at Knglish Kitch
en today, fiO tents. Advertisement.
220
! RETURNS TO WORK.
! Engineer A. M. Moore, of the El
Paso and Southwestern has returned
, to his run out of Bisbee after a brief
; absence in the state of Oklahoma,
: where he was called by the death of
one of his parents.
THE FURE MILK DEPOT
Strictly fresh eggs direct from
poultry ranch. Bargains.
Advertisement. 20fi
WAS IN TOMBSTONE.
Louis B. Whitney, city attorney,
was a business isitor in Tombstone
yesterday, returning to his home late
last evening.
, A car every hour, Bisbee to Doug
las. Good cars and careful drivers.
American Stage Line. Phone 306.
Advertisement
We offer 1,000 Gadsden at $2.75. It.
Allyn Lewis, Copper Queen Hotel.
Advertisement. IOC
.NEW WATCH MAKERS.
I A. Z. Megede, of Los Angeles, has
I arrived in the Warren District and is
! located at the Lowell Jewelry Shop.
( Megede is an experienced watchmaker
i and jewelryman and will prove a bif,
addition to the growing 'business ol
j the new Lowell concern.
EAGLE DANCE
Saturday night, January 20, McAleer
orchestra. Gentlemen 11.00, ladies
free. Adv. 1?,S
FOLKS ARE LOCATED.
j. Relatives of William Little have.
certainly, been located. It was a niis
j take that he had parents or oher
j relatives in Aspen, Colorado. It has
! been determined that he has two
j daughters living in New .eland. The
funeral of Little will take place i"
, Tombstone today and interment wi!l
, be made there.
BIG TURKEY DINNER
Big turkey dinner at English Kitch
en today, 50 cents. Advertisement.
226
FIRE ALARM REGISTERED.
Fire, centered in a garbage can, be
hind the Mountain States Telephone
and Telegraph company, last night
about 8 o'clock, bt'jught out the Naco
Road department in short order. Nc
water was necessary and the Maze
j soon put out.
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
Strictly fresh eggs, stamped liar-
gpins. Advertisement
200
I WHALEY MAY DIE.
Smith Wlialcy, proprietor of the St.
Elmo Hotel, is reported to be dying
I at his home on Brewery Gulch as a
i result of an aggravated case of can-
cer of the liver. Whaley is an old
time resident of the city and he has
I been far from well for several years.
O. K. RESTAURANT
First class service. Regular din
ner 05c. We put up buckets for min
ers. Try our special miners lunch.
Satisfaction guaranteed. Everything
1 new and clean. Open all night. Give
. us a trial. Advertisement.
! The O. iv. restaurant on O. K.
' Street lormerly conducted by Mike
Kroim h. Iia l t-n sold to the uniier
sitned. Any claims against the es
tablishment must be pres nted on or
before Jan. 25 at office of M. C. High.
George C. Heller. Advertisement. '."1
CALLED TO MESA.
Captain N'uUe, of the National
Guard, m:i( iutinl ai N;ifii. r hed
word yesterday afternoon his
mother. m resides in Mwa, h:nl died
during the day. Cuptaiit Noble, as a
a-iistMiit-nr-H. ft last niht on the
Golilen Stale limit fit fur the Sail Kiv
T allcv.
MUSICIAN UNION ANNUAL DANCE
Now Kngle Mall Thursday. 1'eb. 1.
piece orchestra. Gem lemon sl.Oti.
'ine and enjoy yourselves.
Advertisement. 2n'j
Hxprrt repairing on fine watches
ind jewelry; diamond selling, cngrav
inK and general repairing. Minion,
the poptnffic-o jeweler. Lowell.
Advertisement. 243
POLLEY RETURNS.
J. Bert Polley, -ontahlo of Bisbee
precinct, returned yesterday from
Yuma where he had none in senrch
of two llisli.'e youngsters. Mark Oaii.
I'ifli 'in.l 1 I'll:. . ...1... . . '
wiiM i.. r.iiiui, w mi uaa ueciueii
that the Warren District's activities
were UAt routined for their efforts.
Polley brought the youngsters home
with him and turned them over to
their parents.
EASTERN STAR DANCE
All Masons and Eastern Stars are
invited to attend a social d-tnee giv-
n by Pearl Chanter No. 6. O. E. S
Saturday evening, Jan. 27, 1917, at
I. O. O. K. Hall. Names for invita
tions to friends may be mrilcd to
l!v 0-na .,.. .
-Mneriisemem. zz
Tailor made suits, satisfaction or
money refunded. Millard & Bateman.
Leading Tailors. Allen Block.
Advert.'setnent.
THAT NEW LID.
Hill Cleary. Bishee attorney, yes
terday branched out in a new sky
piece. It consisted of a daintily
checkered cap. with a long visor.
Some of his friends suggested that he
was wearing the cap because of the
presence in the Warren District of
participants in the Southwestern Glf
Tournament. Bill denies the allega
tion. BIG TURKEY DINNER
Big turkey dinner at English Kitch
en today, .10 cents. Advertisement.
220
Dr. Playfair. Osteopath. 98 Mason
Hill. Mason Hill car stop.
(Advertisement)
KILLICK IN NEW YORK.
C. J. Killick, assistant manager for
R. Allyn Lewis for several months
during the fall and who left Bisbee
shortly berore Christmas, has been
heard from in New York. He has
;pened an ollice at 52 Broadway, rojni
221, and is specializing in unlisted se
curities. Killick, during his short
residence in the District, made many
friends here, all of whom wish him
the best success in his eastern ven
ture. Ride on the American Stage Line,
Bisbee to Douglas. Phone 305.
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE
Irwin Studio, Main Street. 857
Advertisement.
SNOW IN HUACHUCAS.
According to arrivals in Bisbee
from the Huacliuca mountains, snow
to the extent of six hxhes fell in that
region during the last few days and
in some places the fall was even more
severe. All declare the moisture has
been very good for the spring ranges
and the summer crops.
COCHISE MOTOR CO.'S
MESSAGE
..To the Automobile Tire Users of
the Warren District.
WE are the agents in this district
for the famous Racine Horseshoe
tire, we have an agreement whereby
w-e can give the consumer a garage
guarantee of 4000 miles on Ford tires
and 3500 on larger sizes. In other
words, for example if you buy a
Kacine H'jrseshoe tire and it proves
defective in any way you bring it to
us and we give you a new tire and
charge you for the miles you run the
first tire. Say, you got 2.000 miles
out of a Ford tire we will give you
a new one for half price. You get
your tire right away and do not have
to pay express to Phoenix. L'js An
geles or El Paso and back and some
times wait a month and in the mean
time buy another tire to run on. Now.
for example you tnke a tire of most
any other make to the firm you bought
it from ljr replacement, you had a
guarantee of anywhere from 35'H) to
5.000 miles on this tire, you have rtin
this tire say 1200 miles, the pers-jn
who is wailing on you will generally
say: "Well we will send it in and
if we can get you a replacement." you
pay the express, when it gets to where
they send it, some adjuster who is
not famili;ir ilh conditions here will
very likely say. "Well this tire has
been run Hat or been abused in rough
()untry and we will allow the owner
so much." which will hardly pay for
his trouble.
We adjust the Racine Horseshoe
tire right on our floor and right away.
Tires have advanced in price now
an, I every tire user is entitled and
should have ;1 the protection that we
offer. Call ami inspect our tires and
have a talk v ith us on this great sub
ject, v.e assure you it will be a plea
sure to us.
COCHISE MOTOR CO..
Ed. Simmons, Prop.
(Advertisement)
HOPING FOR SUN.
Yesterday afternoon when the sun
peeped out from behind the clouds
and he rain stopped, many llishee
p.'t.ple ueic thankful. When the sun
stayed out and it berame colder the
same people wondered whether they
had not jumped fiom the frying pan
into the lire. And that's some meta
phor, if the truth is known.
BIG TURKEY DINNER
Big turkey dinner at English Kitch
en today, ;.ii ( f ills - Advertisement.
2 21
LOST HIS COAT.
Oore Valentine, manager of the
Itoyal Theatre, had a cravennette
coat of which he thought a great deal.
It protected him both from the rain
ynd the cold. He entered the office
if the Orpheum Thursday night ana
allowed his co;:t tail to get into close
contact with the gas stove. Needless
to say he had some difficulty in shed
ding the garment before it baked him.
Val is going to buy a maekinaw for
general purposes, but particularly be
cause it doesn't hang down.
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
STAGE LINE.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
daily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co. Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. 939
(Advertisement)
BIG DANCE
Sunday evening, January 21, at
I'nion Hall, auspices Bisbee Miners'
t'nion. Adv. 134
CURLEY RUSSELL BACK.
Curley Russell, at one time stage
manager of the Orpheum. and who.
left with the Raymond Teal Company
for Nogales in the same capacity, has
returned to Bisbee, having left the
Tinl aggregation in Deniing. Accord
ing to Russell the Ducklings will op
en in El Paso tonight at the Crawford
theatre for an indefinite stay.
Meeting ((f Poultry Assn.. at city
hall C o'clock prompt. All interested
should make this meeting and hear
Treasurer's report.
Advertisement. 223
GOES, DOUGLAS.
A. J. Detlofl", manager of the Pro
gressive Amusement Company, was a
visitor to Douglas yesterday. He said
he wanted to see "Intolerance," not
being able to see the feature in its
entirety while it was here on account
of business. It's not what the gener
al public thinks it is when the man
ager of a theatre has to go to another
town to see a picture.
Wanted, plain and fancy dressmak
ing, room 11, Hughes Block. Adv. 3D2
Morrow Chiropodist removes corns,
bunions, ingrowing nails without pain.
Instant relief, office 2 doors from city
rark, Brewery Gulch. Adv. 254.
WEEKLY MILK REPORT.
The Weekly milk report, as made
by City Bacteriologist.' follows. Ow
ing to the wish on the part of many
people in the city the amount of but
ter fat in each milk is also given. All
of the daries are in Class A this week.
Tombstone Canyon, 5 per cent: H.
Hussan. 3.5 per cent: Kirkland, 4 per
cent. Warren Ranch. 3.5 per cent, San
Jose, 3.8 per cent: Standard, 4.6 per
cent; Pure Milk Depot, 3.8 per cent;
Medlgovich and Greg'Jvich, 4.1 per
cent; Wohlschlager, 3.4 per cent.
K. OF C. DANCE
AH Knights of Columbus, ladies and
Triends invited to attend dance at K.
of C. Hall Thursday night, Jan. 25th.
Advertisement. 200
PEACE
of mind and health of body can be ob
tained by visiting the dentist regular
ly. Dr. Teufert, Maze Bldg., Sanitary
Dental office. Advertisement. 3K3
W. F. WHITE
Contractor and Builder, phone
Green 46S. 21 O. K. Street. Adv. 27
C2 Iter'
Vv r . :- i.'4 I
ELKS TO GIVE "HOP."
The entertainment committee an
nounces another "open house" at the
I Elks' I 'lull 1'iitiay evening, January
2'!, to whieh only members, their fani-
i
ilies and their fair friends are invited.
( There will be dancing, cards and re
' freshments.
K. OF C DANCE
Dance at K. of C. Hall Thursday
night, Jan. 2.1th. All Knights, ladies
and friends cordially invited.
Advcitisement. I'lirt
ROOMS AT A PREMIUM.
The casual transient who comes in
to the Warren District expecting to
be able to lind rooms with ease in a
much embarassed individual, especial-
, ly if he or she happens to arrive dur
ing the night. During the past week
rooms have been at a premium. All
of the Bisbee hotels have been crowd-
ed and have been turning prospective
j lodgers away. Th Copper Queen has
! more people than it can handle and
1 the hotels in Lowell are in the same
condition.
A REMINDER
How long since you sent a photo
of your self to your folks at home?
Dix Studio, Jakob Schmid Building.
Brewery Gulch. Adv. 309
Y. M. C. A. TODAY.
Mr. W. L. Martin, of Douglas, will
be the speaker before the Men's Sun
day Club, of the Y. M. C. A. this after
noon at 4:30. Just prior to the ad
dress bv Mr. Martin the association
I orchestra w ill give a recital. Regard
less of membership in the "Y", any
man in the District is invited to at
tend the many sessions of the Sun
day Club. Dr. H. S. Brewster, leader
of the Fellowship Bible Study Club,
will hold the sessron of his club as
usual at 5:30. and a light lunch will
be served. The closing of the day's
program will be the Social Song 'Serv
ice at nine o'clock.
MOTORCYCLISTS PLANNING.
At a meeting of the Bisbee-Douglas
Motorcycle Club, held several days
ago in the Smelter City, plans were
advocated for the holding of an en
durance race of four days during the;
first part of July. According to the
tentative plans, the race will start
from Douglas, thence to Globe, to
Phoenix, Tucson, Nogales, Bisbee and
back to the starting point. The club,
it is understood, will make every ef
fort to stage this race. The club also
went on record as thanking the mer
chants of Bisbee and Douglas for
their aid in staging the Tucson to
Douglas race at Christmas time.
ENGLISH KITCHEN
FIFTY-CENT SUNDAY
DINNER TODAY
English kitchen will serve Sunday
dinner consisting of chicken soup,
'salmon salad, turkey, cranberry" sauce
minced lemon pies, pudding and
drinks, all for fifty cents. Remember
English Kitchen for good broils.
j steaks, chops and otiier good eats.
Come to the English Kitchen and
don't forget that it has the best ser
vice in the city and unchallenged cof
fee. Advertisement. 227
the odj iLKRVPTOO
Bifocal Birocal
I furnish you kryptok lenses on
short notice and artificial eyes
j Cross eyes straightened with
glasses. Permanently located
! in Bisbee, except Mondays in
j Douglas. 1 0 and 1 1 Maze
I Building. Phone 156.
DR. R. GLAZE, Neurologist
Styles and Stuffs
Are Here
New fabrics at big value3. These are not
only a delight to the eye. but to the purse.
You will be pleased with the perfect fit of
your suit if tailored by us. You know you are
going to get a perfect fit when you see it cut, fit
and tried on in the bastings, as we do.
Order your Spring Outfit NOW, tor delivery
when the Sun says "WEAR IT!"
Quality
MAIN STREET.
The Churches
Presbyterian Church.
Sunday School ai 9:45 a. in.
Young people meeting ut 6:30 p.
in. Topic: "Seeing the Good in Others"-
I'hillip'ians 2:1-11.
Public W'.irship at 11 a. in. and at
7:30 p. m.
choir practice Thursday evening.
Communion and reception of mem
bers into the Church Sunday morning
January 2S.
JOHN K. FRY, Pastor.
Bisbee Suburbs.
WAUREN: Sunday School 10 a. m.
Preaching,- 11 a. m.
DON LI" IS: Sunday School 10:30 a. m.
Preaching. 3 p. m.
SOCTH BISBEE: Sunday School 3
p. ni. Preaching 7:30 p. iu.
LOWELL: Sunday School. 10 a. iu.
C. E. Thursday. 7:30 p. m.
A cordial invitation t attend these
services is extended to all visitors
and strangers.
J. RHYS EVANS. Minister.
First Baptist Church.
9:45, S. S.-E. M. K'jvard. Supt.
ll:oo, preaching. Subject, "God and
the Devil."
6:45. Junior and Senior B. Y. P. I'.
7:45. preaching. Subject. "Beauty .in
Service."
Wednesday evening, prayer meet
ing. Thursday evening, choir practice.
The Junior B. Y. P. I', will have
full charue on Sunday of the Senior
B. Y. P. t, an excellent program.
All are cordially welcome.
F. M. PITMAN.
St John's Episcopal Church.-"
Sunday School. 9:45 a. m.
Morning Service, Ha. m.
Wednesday, choir practice 7:30 p. ni.
H. S. BREWSTER. Rector.
Christian Science Society.
Christian Science Society of Bisbee
h'olds services in I. O. O. F. Hall at
11 a. m. The public is welcome and
Invited to attend. Subject fos today.
"Life."
HEAR BISHOP HUGHES
In Lyceum number at High School
Auditorium Thursday night.
Advertisement. 231
GADSDEN STOCK -
We offer, subject. I'i0 shares Cads
den at $2.75. R. Allyn Lewis.
Advertisement. 232
HEADS GROWING U. S.
SUBMARINE SERVKT
Rear Admiral A. W. Grant.
Rear Admiral A. W. Grant, head
of Uncle Sam's submarine service, ia
the first officer of hiph rank ever
to be put in charge of the submarine
flotilla. He has been on the job a
year, and at the end of two mire
years will see the completion of a 3
ycar building program which will
produce 12 fleet submarine ami l'JO
coast submersible. Admiral Grant
is an advocate of the C0-ton tvpe
o! suhmisriiie rather than a lartrer
o.-.c of l.'JOO or 1.50O tons favored by
many officers for extensile cruising.
He believes strongly a!so in coast de
fense types.
BREWERY GULCH
Spring
Taiors MINING
SECTION
SOCETV
SECTION
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 19. NO. 195.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 21, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
lfrf lit
State Contributes
Thirty Per Cent of
Copper Production
Forty Per Cent Increase in Copper Production from the World
Is Registered During the Year Just Past United States
Contributes Largest Part to This Wonderful Total South
America Is the Next Largest Producing Contingent
Arizona Leads All States by Big Sum Inspiration Copper
Company Leads List in "New Copper" Brought on the
Market, Adding Over Hundred Million to Its Production
of 1915 Detailed Figures of Production All Over World.
Registering a 40 per cent increase in production over the same in 1915,
last year established a record in copper mining In the I nked States and
throughout the world which may go long before it is eclipsed and yet which
may be beaten this year. Of this grand total Arizona produced about thirty
per cent of the grand total.
Mines and smelters in the United States produced the bulk of the pound
age,' having over one billion, eight hundred million to their credit. South
America was the next most important factor, the two Chilian and onePorn
vian copper properties adding 161,225,000 pounds to the total.
An Arizona company, the Inspiration, takes the lead in the greatest pro
porationate increase This producer added 102,000,000 pounds to its produc
tion of 1915, which was 20,000,000. Anaconda gained 78,000,000 pounds and
rtah Copper raised its output 48,000,000.
The following figures are taken from the Boston News Bureau and were
gathered from the various companies in the United States.
HOUSE RULES COMMITTEE INVESTIGATING PEACE NOTE "LEAK"
A ScV j&r lf: t XJV W v !l
XfOtl- - a -r a.
c W " i 1
RECORD OUTPUT
FOB ARIZONA
MINES IN
i 16
"Leak" investigating committee.
Mere are the members of the houe rules committee investifratinp the alleged pence note" "leak":
Martin D. Foster, Illinois; James C. Cantrill, K iu-l:y; P. Harrison, Mississippi; Robert L. Henry, chai
Irving: L- Lenroot, Wisconsin; William S. Uennat. New Yoik, and Burnet M. Chipertield, Illinois.
Left to rifrht Finis J.
airman. Texas; rhilip P.
Garrett. Tennessee;
Campbell, Kansas;
REVIEW'S COPPER FORECAST
On Sunday, April 30. the Re
view, in its mining section, fore
casted that the state of Arizona
would produce during the year,
just past, 675,000,000 pounds of
copper. These estimates wen
made upon the production of the
Arizona companies during Janu
ary, February and March. Now
comes the United States Geologi
cal survey, and, in round num-
ilOCAL COMPANY BIS8E
i .. . . -
:i UAC LMflDnlfl C UuPM
unu lhuwiiuuu uiiunuiLL 11
: DECEMBER COMPANY
E PEOPLEr
I
W
1916
Ahmeek 24,0G9,3G7
Allcuez 10,222,3:78
Anaconda 312,900,000
Arizona Commercial
4.150,000
Arizona Copper 47,884,S40
Calumet & Arizona
Calumet & Hecla
Centennial
Chino
Con. Arizona
Copper Range 51.000.UOO
East Butte 19,000,000
Franklin
Bingham Mines
Hancock
Houghton
Inspiration
Iron Cap
Isle Royale t
Kennecott
Lake "
La Salle .:. i
Magma '. ,
Mass Consolidated
Miami
Mohawk
Nevada Cons 90.409,606
North Butte ...,24,500.006
Old Dominion '".'.. 32,500,000
Osceola , 19,656,920
Phelps-Dodge 170,000,000
Qulncy 21.000.000
Ray Consolidated 77.818.581
Santa Fe 2.000.000
Shannon 9.723,570
Shattuck-Arizona ' 18,161.765
South Lake 300,000
Superior 3,028,823
Tamarack 6.606,620
Tennessee 10.000,000
C. S. Smelting 30,000,000
United Verde 60,000.000
United Verde Extension 20,000,000
Utah Consolidated 12,000,000
Utah Copper 196,776,098
70,000,000
76,545,031
2.360,965
75.644,436
11,000,000
3,100,000
745.019
. 1,000,000
210,000
121,747,000
1,629,897
12,364.584
111.536.000
1.750.000
1.375.182
9,000.000
4,750.000
53,531,134
13.641.349
Utah Metal and Tunnel.
Victoria
Winona
Wolverine
White Pine
Total
2.500000
1,687.720
.. . 2,175,000
6.213.045
4.215,750
,.1,862,430.6S0
1915
21.S00.492
10.043,459
2.15.076.289
3.592,274
30.304.000
65.268,910
72.613,320
2.347.500
64,S87.7SS
5.762,974
53,000.000
12.542,058
1.314.9G9
1,221.219
871,124
156.766
20,445,670
1,209.767
9.342,106
63.000.000
1,587.071
782,493
6,046.459
4.638.452
41.832.059
15.882.914
62.726.651
19.235,285
25,307,702
19.731,472
140.478.000
22.054.813
60.358,936
1.747.909
6.017.642
11,154.211
61.637
3.866.484
3,888.150
12.750,418
26.923,674
45.127.832
8.836.091
148.397.006
2.S73.81".
1,490.695
1.722.63S
7,194.015
2.S24.14i
Inc.
! bers, gives the state's production j C. & A. Company's Smelter
2"6SS7:-.i . - -1 lurm kjui oeven million
178.919L' 1" J ! Pounds of Red Metal Pro-
77.823.711 !
557,720
17.580.S40
4.731.090
3,931.711
13.465
10.756.C4S
5.237,02(;
2.000.000
6.457,942
1.7S5.031
476.200
12S.S76
53,234
101,301,330
420,130
3.022.47S
48,536,000
.- 162.929
592.6S9
2.953,541
111.548
11,699.075
2.241,565
27.6S2.955
5.264,715
7.192.29S
74.552
29,522,000
1.054.813
17,459,65
252,910
3,705.928
7.007,554
238,363
.837,661
2.718.470
2.750.41 S
3.076.326
14.872,168
20.000.000
3.163,909
48.379.092
373.815
18S.025
452.362
980,970
1.391.605
1.380.347.535 4S2.083.145
MEXICO.
Greene 60.921.000 16,635,081
Decrease.
SOUTH AMERICAN COPPER MINES.
1916
Braden 44.671.000
Chile 45.114,000
Cerro de Pasco 71,440,000
Total 161,225,000
1915
35.444.000
10,922,000
61.680.000
108.046.000
44.285.919
Inc.
9.227.000
34.192.000
9,760,000
CANADIAN COPPER MINES.
1916 1915
Granby 45,484.142 40.670.598
Con. Min. and Smelt 4.446.080 5.306.184
Canadian Copper 28,000,000 20,000,000
53.197.000
Inc.
4.813.544
1.860.104
8.000.000
Total
77,930,222
RECAPITUULATION.
1916
U. S. copper mines .'...1,862.430.680
Mexican copper mines . . . r 60,921.000
South American copper mines... 161.225,000
Canadian copper mines 77,930,222
65,976.782
1915
1,380.347.535
16.635.081
108.046.000
65.976.782
11.953,440
Inc.
482.083.145
44.285.919
53.179.000
11.953.440
.2.162.506.902
1.571.005,398 591,501,501
Grand total
Ceerease.
The above compilation does not include all of the mininr companies oper
ating during the past year although it does take in all in which there Is public
ownership with a production of 10,000,000 pounds or more. Many of the com
panies mentioned above handle custom ores at their smelters of companies
whose individuality does not appear.
(Continued on Page Two.)
HIGH GRADE ORE IS
DEVELOPED IN MINE
OF MASCOT COPPER
Ore Valued at $140 Per Ton
Is Taken from the Mine of
the Mascot Copper Near
' Dos Cabezas, This County.
W1LLCOX, Jan. 20. Ore valued at
$140.00 per ton was broken into on
the property of the Mascot Copper
company in the Dos Cabezas mining
district during the past week.
The ore assayed 2S per cent copper,
which is 5G0 pounds of copper to the
ton. and figuring copper at only 25
ccnls per pound yields values of $140
to the ton.
When 5 per cent ore where you have
plenty of it is considered a mint at
the present price of copper our read
ers can gain some bigniiicance of the
importance of this recent discovery on
the property of the Mascot Copper
company.
When your correspondent talked
with Superintendent Prout over the
phone, it was learned that the streak
of high grade had been exposed for
a distance of 10 feet and was 4 feet
wide, with the face of the drift still
in ore.
The discovery was made on the 150
level in slope E .which was started
recently.
While at first Mr. Prout stated it
was a little early to make any definite
statements concerning the find for
publication, he finally declared that
conditions warranted the belief that
they were going to duplicate what
has already been accomplished in
stopes E and G on the 200 level.
On this level In the mine slopes E
and G developed into one ore zone of
three sections, one 5x50 feet, on
20x20 feet and one 17x25 feet.
If the high grade discovered in
stope E on the 15o level duplicates
the size of the ore .bodies in stopes E
and G on the 200 level and averages
copper values of 5 or 6 per cent it
will be as much as the most sanguine
person would have a right to expect,
but if the tenure of the ore is main
tained at anything like 2S per cent
copper and the size of the ore bodies
in slopes E and O 011 the I'OO level
are duplicated, the properly will have
developed to its credit one of the most
remarkable ore discoveries ever
brought to light in the southwest.
However, the company has sprung
so many sensations in the way of ore
discoveries recently that one has to
admit that this recent find may have
potentialities that will far outstrip
anything yet developed.
gress Reported.
Bisbee-Tornbstone Copper
Mining Company Owns 16
Claims West of City Great
Indications for New Mine.
The December output of copper for
the Calumet & Arizona mines amount
ed to about 7,000,000 pounds, a record
in the history of ti,c company, sny.s
Iron Ore. In addition to the output cf
its own mines the company's smelter ;
at
Bisbee men have just completed the
organization of another ijpper compa
ny and hope to mid, within a reason
able time, a promising prospect to the
list in this region of the state. The
new company is the BisbeeTombstone 1
Copper Mining company.
Ou-ninir stvteen fl:iima the rntnnmiv i
Douglas produced about 3,000.000 ia , ,irthwM, ,, r,hl
pounds for customers of which Shat- Muie mountains, across the newly
tuck-Arizona was the principal one. ! built Tombstone road and ten miles j
Calumet & Arizona ended the year from the center of the city. It was;
with a very handsome' showing of located by C. J. Winters. C. P. Thomas j
pounds produced and dollars earned. 'and Walter Stanley and put in the
4.1. A tl '
and its forthcoming annual report .k k
will be a very Interesting one for its
shareholders. Its Rishee mines mvl
looking well, its ore reserves are high,'
UTTE GEOLOGIST LOOKS
ER GADSDEN PROPERTY.
JEROME, Jan. 20 This weeks'
most distinguished visitor to the
Verde district was Rerrt H. Sales,
geologist for the great Anaconda
- Copper company, at Butte, Mont-
ana.
With Ira C. Joralenion, geolo-
gist of the Calumet & Arizona.
Mr. Sales spent the early part of
the week in Jerome. They spent
most of their time on the proper-
ty of the Gadsden Copper compa-
ny, which is being developed by
the Calumet & Arizona. Both
geologists inspected the Gadsden
holdings very carefully and also
visited the camp's two big pro-
ducers, the United Verde and l
V. Extension. ,
So far as can be learned, the
visit f Mr. Sales has no signifl-
ranee except that he was en-
gaged by the C. & A. people to
check up the reports.
Output of Gold, Silver, Cop
per, Lead and Zinc, in State
of Arizona Reaches Big To
tal During Last Year.
$203,000,000 IS THE
VALUE OF PRODUCT
Copper Leads in Production by
Long Odds, While Gold Is
Second Other Form Con
siderable Amount.
I Bisbee-Tombstone.
The formation, outcropping, are the
jsanie limestones that have proved pro
ductive in the Warren District, with
jnew deposits are found in extensions! porphyry dikes cutting them, as well
of work from the various shafts, and as several faults. The claims are cen-
there is a long and prosperous future j
for the company in its mines in the
Bonanza Circle, Bisbee. The company j
is progressing favorably with its task 1
of equipping the New Cornelia mine, I
at Ajo, Arizona. There has been a j
strike of workmen that has continued ;
for several weeks, but many men are ;
DEVELOPMENT WORK
IN JEROME VICTOR
PROGRESSING FAST
Eastern Representative of the
Jerome Victor Extension
Reports Development Is
All That Can Be Expected.
JEROME. Jan. 20. Development
tered about a hill of Devonion lime- j
stone with abundant showing of cop
per minerals, sulphides as well as car
bonates. There are thin senilis of
these t'jpper ores in the lime beds and j
in the breaks. 1 work at the Jerome Victor Extension
It is the belief of parties interested property has been very gratifying, ac
in the development of this property j cording to a recent report issued by
that in view of the well known lack! I A Minnonr A'- P
at work despite this trouble and fair;Gf showings above most of the ore j in practically all the work carried
progress is being made. The new bodies developed in the outlying parts J out on the 1200-foot level during the
plant will probably be ready in April, of the Warren District, the finding of j past two nIOnths more or less iron
and it is the expectation to make 'sulphides on the Bisbee-Tombstone'1 pyrites was encountered and traces of
about 36.000.000 pounds of refined cop-jcIaims is a more than encouraging in-! galena and chalcopyrite also showed
per here a year. Calumet & Arizona t,kation of wllat may be follml D'1(,w-! up. The formation in the northwest
nu-na 7R ,.J, , u k i Prospective plans of the company : drift recently changed from quartz
..,... '" 1 e0ntemplate churn drilling at some
New Cornelia, and has a very fine in- favorable pot to test the formations
vestment in this property. The pur-, ami A drill will be forking as soon as
chase price was very low based on 27-; jt can be secured.
cent copper, although this price can-j The company expects to interest the
not long maintain. But at shilling general public in its prospect and to
diorite to a soft schist carrying more
or less pyrites and iron sulphide. This
is considered as a very gCJd indica
tion' of an ore body in the vicinity
and there is probability that the. rich
body, recently found at Clark's United
copper New Cornelia can earn good that end may put a limited number of Verde and which runs in the direction
profits on its capital. J shares on the market Nothing defln- of the Jerome Victor property will be
. .i 1 ...! ite, along these lines, has been an-'found.
At the Calumet & Arizona smelterv . . . . , .k, I " . ,
. . . , . nounced, however, and it is possible . Three very promising water courses
important improvements are now Uiat unancial lntere8ts may be Induced ! have been found and ne of these Is
neanng completion. Tliesrt include handle the' nronosition. : hin rnitnVMi t th nent time
The board of directors, as it is now According to mining engineers ac
ijnstituted. is C. P. Thomas, Walter quainted with this vicinity the pres-
The increased gases due to the furnace, Stanley. Oscar (5. Wager, E. B. Wal-jence of water courses are the very
enlargement permits of power in ex- 'ace F- Thomas and J. C. Barkwell. best indications of an ore body.
cess of the needs of the smeltery and T,le "oniPany ls capitalized at $500,000. Additional equipment has been
me par vauie in me suares ueing i. , nougnt at an expense 01 aooui n,m
and is now on the way to the property.
AT CHERRY CREEK ; Thin consists of three 200 h. p. oil
PRKSf'DTT Arir .Inn 20 Pali-' feed boilers, an encine and generator
line, now in course of construction, to fo. OD(,r,,ms . ..., complete, and two electric pumps
the mines at Bisbee to operate pumps: Gollltn ,4,,, Broup of IIlim,8 in . the 'either one of which is capable of
and other machinery. This will effect! cherry Creek district and will at once : handling the entire flow of water. In
addition to this equipment the compa
ny has purchased an electrical h'-iist-
The company is also complet-' miles south of the Copper Chief mine. I ,nS engine and when ail mis equip-
iThe new company will be known as meal 18 e piopcriy
Lav. o f onn ...., f cn the Verde Inspiration Conner rora- i i""S' "- -!"".'. """J
acid a day. This acid will bei Panv-
Extensive development operations
are to be started in the near future
n hA V... L'in. Min.
... ...... np.es8itate( thp insulation of the
VUUII'tlllJ 111
enlargements of its reverberatory fur
naces, ore receiving bins and crushers.
the waste Is to be utilized in operatiii.-j,
a 3..ri00-k.w. turbo generator which will:
transmit current over a transmission I
a nnesaving in cost over that now lie-! organize a company to operate the,
ing secured wherever it will be ap-1 property, which Is less than two.
plied.
ing a sulphuric acid plant that will 'The new company will De known as:
been caused by the electric company
stating that they could not furnish
any more power after plans had been
made for electric equipment. This
ilia iiraiiuniiir iiwtnn.
ing process that is to be applied to the ' 7 ' ..... ' . . company's own power plant. The oil
ores of the New Cornelia mine. sul-',amS T0"1'! K'"R W8S firSt.0pPr-! feed boilers will if.,t only aid work at
nu'u in i;ti'-i ana is now in uip nnnns
if tflliirk ra tii 1 i w t ti
in their beneficintion. The making of , .. , ,,
i l f... ni' r 1 1 n anil n -i Mi.
gree acid a day. This acid will
manufactured from the waste gases
of the smeltery. Much of the acid will
be sent to' Ajo to be used in the leach-
phide acid being an important element
this acid will be very profitable andj
I feed boilers will n.t onlv aid
j saving in coal as the present prices
copper, najj rnr fnpi . miite nrohihitive.
v,,.ii i n 1. ,n a h 11 nn rtlib. n a u IXaai. i ... . .
i ...hniA.j.. f ...ni.,n , 1 . . ... 1 " --- i .Mirny 01 i n 1 larKeeii uiiiiiiik luiri r?i.-i
Following on the heels of this recent ""'i'"" """""" 1 encountered on ne 700 foot level of
discovery it will be interesting news
to our readers to learn that the com
pany is now placing square sets in
5" ore body on the 100 level pre
(Continuel 011 Page Two)
me neeas 01 me piani at ajo are sup-)th), McKinley Mining and Develop
plied will find ready sale in the open mpnt Company mine, near Iron
market. During war times tne acid Springs. Veins of exceedingly high
sells at high price, it being used in grade copper have been found in the
(Continued on Tago Two.) 1 dyke.
in the country are becoming interested
in the Jerome district and all the ter
ritory to the north and west of Je
rome Victor has recently been taken
over bv new companies. The value of I
the district i fast being realized.
The output of gold, silver, copper,
lead, and zinc from mines in Arizona
in 191 had a record total value of
nearly $203,000,000. compared with
$90,006,349 for 1915, according to the
estimate of Victor C. Heikes. of th
United States Geological Survey. De
partment of the Interior. The notable
output of copper and the high prices
of metal both assisted in this increase
of 123 per cent. There were record
productions, also, of gold, silver, cop
per, lead, and zinc.
The production of gold from Ari
zona mines increased from $4.1"?S.023
in 1915 to approximately $4,427,000 in
191B. an increase of over 5 per rent.
The production of gold from copper
ores in most counties was naturally
greater than in 1915. but there was a
marked decrease in the output of
bullion from amalgamation and cya
nide mills, particularly in Mohave and
Maricopa counties. Several new gold
mines were added to the list during
the year, especially in the Oatman
camp, Mohave county, but the pro
duction was not sufficient to offset the
decline in the output of the older
properties. A new 200-ton mill was
being completed for the United East
ern property, and considerable ore
was opened at the P. is Jim and Gold
Ore mines.
The production of silver from the
n ine;-! increased from 5.649.020 ounces
in 1915 to a record output of about
6.S23.O00 in 1916. As the market
price was much higher, the value in
creased from $2.S64.053 to nearly $4.
490.000. an increase of nearly 57 per
cent in- value. There was no great
change in the production from the
! Commonwealth property, which is
j principally a silver producer, so the
increase is to be credited largely to
the remarkable output of copper ore.
The mine output of copper sur
passed all records and estimates, as
it increased from 45S.972 295 pounds
to approximately 693.000.000 pounds
in 1916. The value of the output, on.
account of the unusual market, in
creased from $S0. 495.132 to nearly
$190,000,000. The increase of 135 per
cent in the value of copper alone in
Arizona was therefore more than the
value of the total output of the state
in the previous year. All the smelting
plants of the state were worked at
full rapacity and made much greater
shipments of copper bullion. The
plant at Sasco, in Pima county, was
asain operated and made a large con
tribution. The Inspiration mine was
milling nearly 500.000 tons in August
and was producing ll.000.0o0 pounds
of copper, an output that made it one
of the largest producers in the state.
The Ray Consolidated. Miami. United
Verde, and United Verde Extension
made great Increases. The Swansea
property, in Yuma county, made a
larger output, and a large leachins
plant was being constructed at Ajo.
in Pima Counay.
The mine production of lead increas
ed from 21.73S.969 pounds in 1915 to a
record production of over 26.O00.OOt)
pounds in 1916. The value of this
output increased from $1,021,732 to
$1.76S.000. or 73 per cent. The Cop
per Queen and Shattuck Arizona
mines, in the Warren district, and the
Tennessee mine, in Mohave county,
continue to contribute the largest part
of the lead output
The production of zinc from the
mines increased from 1S.220.S63
pounds valued at $2.259.3$7. In 1915
o about 20.9SO.OOO pounds, valued at
$2.S74.26. in 1916, an increase of
nearly 27 per cent in value. Th
greater part of the zinc ore and con
centrates was shipped from the Gol
conda, and Tennessee properties, la
Mohave county. There were, however.
(Continued on rage 2) TWO
THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 21, 1917.
STATE CONTRIBUTES TH HTY PER 1 ctomrch wwus
pcmt or mdlxd nnnnnoTinM 1 The Nation's Curse
(Continued from Page One.)
The only new producer of importance to eater the ranks last year was
the United Verde Extension Mining Company. This mine ships all its output
to custom smelters fcr treatment, but care has been exercised to avoid dupli
cation in this respect.
Practically all the operating properties showed an increase in production
as a result of their great efforts to take advantage of high copper metal pricen.
Of the few decreases shown above all but three were Lake Superior mines and
their chief difficulty was in securing sufficient men.
BETTER OUTLOOK AHEAD.
There is a better outlook, for the next several months, in the copper
producing industry in the United States. There would seem to be no sign of
abatement of demands from the .European belligerents and this is also aug
mented by the increased demand for the red metal in the United States for
domestic uses.
Prices of shares during the past week have braced considerably and
though no great recovery has been made it is indicated that the market at
least is stable.
IB??
DAVE MORGAN LEAVES jBQWIE MINES LOOK
COMPATOIRECTOIIS; BETTER THAN EEFORE
Manager of the Combination, j Much Activity is Noticed in
at One Time With Verde j Mountains South of South
Extension Off Board. ! em Pacific Point.
JEROME. Jan. 20. Dave Morgan is
no longer connected with the Green
Monster Mining company except as a
stockholder. Last Tuesday he for
warded the following communication
to the head oTce of the company:
"January 9, 1917.
"Green Monster Mining Company, Je
rome, Arizona.
"Gentlemen: Owing to the proper
ties I am connected with requiring my
entire attention, it becomes imperative
that I tender my resignation as direc
tor of your company. It is my desire
that it become effective immediately.
"Yours very truly,
"DAVE MORGAN."
Mr. Morgan declined to comment
upon bis resignation, declaring that
the communication itself sufficiently
stated his reasons for the act. He de
nied that he had ever agreed to direct
the field and geological work of the
Green Monster company.
HOWIE, Jan. 20. The Bowie min
ing district, whic.'i lies immediately
south of this place, is surprisingly pro
lific in large bodies of gold, copper,
silver, lead and zinc ores now being
opened up by shafts mid tunnels in
large quantities in many places on the
north slope of the IHjs CaUazes and
Chirauchi mountains, covering a dis
tance of approximately 20 miles.
This district has been prospected
over for more than twenty-five years
in an indifferent manner, always with
the idea of prospectors in the past,
with only one idea in view looking
for a strike. Fortunately for the min
ing industry that time is past, now
the prospectors are not searching so
much for the rich strikes as the large
bodies of low grade ores, and it is the
large bedies of low grade ores that the
capitalists and mine operators are
after, and this change in condition is
what is opening up immense and rich
mining districts in Arizona and niak-
Woaderfal Remedy
Quickly Restore
There is no ailment causing more
v. oe and misery than Stomach Trouble.
Often Gall Stones, Cancer and Ulcers
of the Stomach and Intestines, Con
stipation, Acute Indigestion, Auto-In-fjxicalion.
Yellow Jaundice, Appendi
citis and other serious and fatal ail
ments result from it. Thousands of
Stomach sufierers owe their complete
recovery to Mayr's Wonderful Remedy.
j It is unlike any ctlicr remedy. It
sweeps tne poisonous one ana catar
rhal accretions from the system.
Soothes and allays Chi'onic Inflamma
tion. Many declare it has saved their
lives, pnd prevented serious surgical
operations. Try one dose today.
H afch its marvelous results. Contains
j no alcohol no habit-forming drugs.
nook on Stomach Ailments FREE. Ad
dress G"eo. H. Mayr, Mfg. Chemist, Chi
cago. ' Better yet obtain a bottle of
Mayr's Wonderful Remedy from 3is
bee Drug Co., Lowell Drug Co., in
ltwell, or any reliable druggist, who
will refund your money if it fails.
ing both the prospectors and mine
operators rich.
Here in the Bowie mining district
are immense bodies of ore that are
now being developed on a more sub
stantial basis than formerly and this
is what is bringing this district in the
limelight. Prominent mining engi
neers and capitalists are attracted
here every week looking over proper
ties and taking options and bonds and
leases and in a few months things will
begin to move in a mining way around
(his place. "
Will Never Be Without
This Simple Laxative
DR. CALDWELL'S SYRUP PEPSIN :
RELIEVED HER BABY WHEN
NOTHING ELSE WOULD.
Little Max Pendergrast is now four
years old, and a fine healthy tjy.
When but a tiny baby, in fact almost
froji birth, he suffered a great deal
from constipation. His mother, 'Mis.
Carl W. Pendergrast, Red Key, Ind.,
heard of Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin,
obtained a bottle of it from the drug
store, and with it was able to quickly
correct this condition.
Mrs. Pendergrast says Dr. Caldwell's
Syrup Pepsin has saved them from
calling the uVictor many times, and
that she will never be without a bot
tle of it in the house to use when
needad. She found it equally effective
as a laxative for herself and other
members of the family.
Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is 2
combination of simple laxative herbs
with pepsin, pleasant to the taste, mild
in action and positive in effect. It
does net grip or strain, and contains
no opiate cr narcotic drug. ID is th.;
ideal family laxative, mild and pleas
ant for baby, yet acting quickly on
the strongest constitution.
fillfeMilfl
Ask Art
LOCAL COMPANY HAS
EN0RM0USDECEM8ER
(Continued From Page One)
munitions manufactures. It is largely
employed in peace times as a ferti
lizer. Calumet & Arizona, as Iron Ore has
before reported, is doing exploring
work in the Jerome, Ariz., district,
having a large number of claims un
der option. The development of the
United Verde and the later wonderful
ore deposits of United Verde Exten
sion, is sufficient reason for a practical
searching of the rocks of that district
in the hope that other ore bodies f
value will be located. The company's
policy of picking up favorably located
properties has borne' excellent results
and the policy is one well worth main
taining. It is the policy of the leading
copper and iron ore producers of this'
country, and is wise. Calumet & Ari-'
zona is in the business to remain Ions,
and it is in the market for any good j
property that can be purchased fori
fair price. The company has made n
fine success of its mining enterprises.'
It has paid in dividends more than!
twenty-eight and a quarter million dol-l
Iars and has much more than this in,
the ground to distribute to its share-j
holders. We know of nothing better j
in the copper list.
Come to Lowell
and Save Money
in buying jewelry; it will pay you to visit our store. We
carry a full line of watches, jewelry and diamonds, and
being out of the high rent district, can offer you bigger
and better bargains than you can get elsewhere.
SPECIAL FOR THE NEXT FIVE DAYS
Hand painted China and Sheffield ware at half of former
prices. These goods were left over from our Christmas
stocK ana rattier than carry them over we are closing
them out at a sacrifice.
Fine watch repairing. All work guaranteed.
Lowell
Jewelry Shop
NATHANSON & MARCELLUS,
Main Street, Lowell
FOR
CARPENTER
CALL TEL. 506.
O. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
Diamonds
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Jan. 20. Silver
ore running approximately $110 a ton
has been struck on the 200 level of
the Arizona National Mining compa
ny property near Humboldt. The
strike is considered one of the most
important in months in this country
and the operators are already plann
ing to install a flotation mill in audi
tion to the concentrating plant now
on the property.
Fire losses in 1916 in I'nited States
and Canada totalled $231,442,995, com
pared with $l$2,8:!6.2aii in 1915. Losm-s
for past 40 years aggregate $6,281,260.-
PIN THIS UPON
WIFE'S DRESSER
In a city the size of Bisbee. together
with its suburbs, there is always
one jewelry store that is generally
considered to be the best place to
buy diamonds.
In Bisbee we believe that most
people. If they had an opportunity
to express a choice, would prefer to
have their diamonds come from
Gilmans.
Here you will find reliability and
quality as every diamond is care
fully graded and priced at absolute
value.
It is a good thing to know that
the reputation and the responsibil
ity of the oldest jewelry store in
I Bisbee is back of every diamond
you purchase at this establishment.
If You Suffer From Catarrh ! w"3tins;
ngnt out.
don't make the fatal mistake of. re
garding it as a trifling matter. Au
thorities agree that Catarrh is an in
fection of the blood. Consequently,
sprays, salves and lotions can af
ford only temporary relief, because
they do not reach the source of the
disease, the blood. When you depend
on these temporary remedies alone
your case is likely to grow steadily
worse until it becomes chronic and
possibly affects the lung3.
But even if the infection does not
go this far, the continuous dripping
ef mucous in the throat, the constant
spitting and hawking and evil odor
of the breath will not only cause
misery to you, but will make your
presence obnoxious to others. S. S. S
which has been the standard blood
medicine for fifty years, will relieve
your catarrh, because it will purify
your blood and relieve it of the ac
cumulated poisons. S. S. S. contains
no mineral or habit-forming drugs.
S. S. S. is on sale at all druggists and
the advice of our medical department
is at your disposal, free of charge.
Swift Specific Co, 302 Swift Building,
Atlanta, Gc.
He knows
ANOTHER FURNACE AT MIAMI
MIAMI, Ariz., Jan. 20. The iVver
teratory furnace, three waste heat
boilers and fpur more driers are to
be installed at the International smel
ter as soon as structural steel now
r-nroute from Kansas City arrives at
the plant. The capacity of the re
ceiving bins will be doubled to take
care of the additional ore shipments
as soon as the new machinery is in
stalled. It is estimated th.it the
plant is now shipping 18.000,000
pounds of copper a month, practically
the entire output going to the Raritan
refineries at Perth Amboy, N. J.
To avoid imitations and ineffective
substitutes be sure to ask for Dr. Cald
well's Syrup Pepsin. See that a fac
'simile of Dr. Caldwell's signature and
his pVirtrait appear on the yellow car
ton in which the bottle is packed. A
trial bottle, free of charge, can be
ybtained by writing to Dr. W. B. Cald
well. 453 Washington St., Monticello,
Illinois.
DENVER CLIPPER DRILLS
MEAN EFFICIENCY AND ECONOMY.
"Clipper" features as described in our bulletin
C-2 tell the story of "Clipper" efficiency and
economy.
f or fast drilling and dependability they are un
cxitlled, and their ease or operation immed
iately appeals to the mining man who demands
the utmost from his equipment.
MODELS 50 AND 55
for shaft and winze sinking, plugging and quarry
ing, or high power drilling, as well as mada
up drill steel, carried in stock.
ASK FOR BULLETIN C-2
Schweitzer Machine Co.
MINING MACHINERY.
135 South Sixth Ave. - - Tucson, Ariz.
New British loan will be offered to
yield 5', percent subject to income
tax, with a 20 to 40 year maturity.
RECORD OUTPUT FOR
ARIZONA MINES IN 1916
(Continued From Page One)
two new and important shippers of
zinc ore the Mama Copper Company
in Pinal county, which opened up zinc
ore and constructed a concentrator
late in the year, and the Puuiiuesne
property, in Santa Cruz county. Ship
ments were also made from the King-
: man Zinc Company, near Kinman, the
' San Xavier mine, in Pima county, and
the Gri.imill Randolph tailings at
Crciwnkiiig. Possibly 2X.m0 tons of
crude zinc ore and concentrates were
shipped fro'n the state during the
year.
Dividends paid to December first
amounted to nearly ::.iM'P,o'l0. The
contributors were the Copper Queen,
Unit'-d Verde, Hay Consolidated, Mia
mi, Shalt m-k-Ari'.ona, United Globe,
United Verde Kxtonsion, and Grand
Gulch.
YOU CAN BE BEAUTIFUL
The Most Remarkable Little Book Ever Offered to Ladies
Price-, Only Ten Cents
. MY '.BOOK OF BEAUTY SECRETS" from the
world's most famous beauties and beauty .specialists:
Shows how to quickly remove wrinkles and crow's feet; how to have
and keep your skin beautiful and y.vathful; how to cure a course skin
and sallow complexion; how to -stop falling hair and remove dandru.T.
and black-heads; how to have ruddy cheeks and rosy lips; how to have
sparkling eyes; how to grow beautiful thick eyebrov.-s apd Io:'g th'ck
eye lashes; how to have beautiful pearly white tccUi and natural,
wavy, lustrous hair; how to develop bust, arms and shoulders; how to
increase your weight; how to make scrawny hands, smooth' and plump;
how to remove double chin; how to reduce your weight to correct
proportions; how to correctly make egg shampoo, hair-loiions, cucum
ber and strawberry lotions; sunburn and tan lotions; how to have a
beautiful voice and exquisite form; Jiow to win and hold those you
love, and mauy other valuable besuty culture secrets.
This little book is easily worth $5.00. Over 50,000 sold last year at
25c. Everybody is delighted with it. Price now, only 10c. Send coin
or stamps. Money back if not satisfied.
Address: MLLE. LUCILE LCKRAINS, Suite 413 Security Bldg.,
Dept. Ad. 1, Los'.Angeles, California.
NOTE: Mile. Lorraine is interested in liclping Iadiear' who are
seeking to improve their appearance and therefore oilers ABSOLUTE
LY FREE with each copy of her Beauty Book, a coupon having a cash
value of 23 cents on condition that you reply within 10 days.
Because style decrees that women
c'j.vd and biirkle. up their tender toes
in high heel footwear they suSer from
corns, then they cut and trim at these
painful pests which merely makes the
-orn grow hard. This suicidal habit
i:;ay cause lockjaw and women are
warned to stop it.
A few drops of a drug called freez
one applied directly upon a sore corn
sives liuick relief and soon the entire
com, iaot and all, lilts out without
pain. Ask the drug store man for a
juarter of an ounce of freezone, which
rosts very little Lilt U sufficient to re
.nove every hard or suit corn or callus
from one's feet.
1 his drug is gummy but it dries in
i moment and simpl shrivels up the
.orn without inflaming .r ever irri
lating the surrounding tissue or skin.
(Advertisement)
VWvWWW
catarrh:
' cr THE
BLADDER
n-::BTEi 1.1
" . :
hiours:
Each Cap- f
If. bears tue(;C)
lame f V J
JStnme c feounlrrfcut
CHICHESTER S PIUS
l.m':l! Antt Jonr Vntcim fn .
blh.-wn Vlsnotj TirjV
Mli. I Br4 in t i K cu.litV
h"c, scal wua i kitten. y
Tl m hr f jaar V
In)I.r. A'-Trill.'irKN.TFBa
ir a
ycanknowav Ut. Safest. A!wt Rciiii.l
S0LDPYniGC!5TSEVFJYHERf
Have th
SCITY PARK TAILORS
maka your next suit. 3300 pat
j terns to pick from. Under new
I city park, Bisbee.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
! Patronage
PHONE 53
Arizona Junk Co.
We buy all kinds of Junk.
Phone 630.
H
E
GR
RAY
EAT
COPPER GO.
Will sell 'a few more shares at 30 cents before applica
tion is made to list on the curb.
Ray Consolidated Copper Co. a $16,00f,0()0.00 corporation, ad
joins Great Kay.i
Dr. Walter
Harvey Weed
and MR. ARTHUR LEONARD FLAGG, eminent geologists, have re
ported on the property and endorse :t in its entirety.
Property joins Ray ConscMdated and Hercules.
L. J. Overlock, Smith & Macgregor,
Bisbee. . Lowell.
Watkins & Bergquisi
Quality Jewelers
The Best Opticians
T
The HALLMARK .nm
I A. 1 -- I
(Continued From Page One)
para lory to stopiiig thnt ground. In
this work a new system which lias
boon iii Yo;;'ie fur several years, and
which has pioven very economical in
extracting the ore, has been adopted.
The sets will be lour wide and will
bo ample, for two or three tracks, ore
chutes and haulage wi'.y.
While Mr. Prout was non-committal
on this point, there Is nevertheless but
one interpretation that can be placed
on (his move, and that is that the
company is getting itself in readiness
lor proline i i"n of an increased ton
;mk1 there is every reason to be
Ih'vc that it will be a' no (?i:taiit
(!;itr.
Tal-'fg everything inl-i considera
tion Mascot today enjoys an enviable
posit inn. She is just entering upon
:tn era of production at a time when
copper is biinging the hishcbt price
in history.
'I
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 50c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5 :30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $35 ;
$9 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
. Investigate and you will buy stock in the
Santa Cruz-
jBisbee
50 Cents Per Share
For information on latest developments sec, or write to
J. O. TONK N, Secretary.
Muhcim liuilding.
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
'Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Bisbee Lumber Company. inc
WHEN YOU SEE OUR SIGN
stating that we furnished the
lumber for the building under
construction, you can make up
your mind the builder knows his
business. For by putting pur
sound seasoned lumber into the
building he is saving t-no at th
stiirt and repair bill later on
Better futJow his example and
get your lumber wicre lie does.
That's here.
EMIL MARKS. Mgr.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE 25.
1 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 21, 1917.
fHRES
SOCIETY
CALENDAR.
Monday Musical Club. V. W. C. A.,
Jan. 22.
Baptist Ladies' Aid. Jan. 2a. Mrs.
Cooper.
Women's League, Feb. 7.
Needle Craft Club. Jan. 2C.
Anona Club, Jan. 23.
Parent-Teachers Association dnnre
lush school, Jan. 26.
Dorcas Club, Mrs. Hillman, Feb. 1
Ladies of Elkdom. Feb. 7.
Women's Club, Feb. 1, Mrs. Landis.
Women's Club. Card Club. Jan. 2G.
Twentieth Century, Jan. 23.
The Lady Maccabees will entertain
its members at a whist party Monday
evening immediately after the busi
ness iiieetiiiR. A committee of Mes
JuiKts Playfair, Tschirart and Olson
is looking after the entertainment part
aud refreshments will be served.
lur tioutde rins ceremony featured
"i , o ilie most charming of the new
;:i v-ddiiiKK Thursday at 8 o'clock.
when Miss Shadbolt became the bride
of Mr. Frank V. Hicks, at the resi
dence of Mr. Henry Pierce on Quality
Hill. Tfev. Dr. Brewster ofliciated.
The bride was costumed in a white
satin sown with veil, and carried
hyacinths. Little Miss Alma Alvin
was flower Kirl. Mr. Henry Pierce i
stood with the bride. Mrs: James T. t
Carey sans "Oh, Promise Me," ac- i
companied by Miss Ruth Wade. '
Following the wedding a dinner was
served l the following: Mrs. Duval,
of Grand Junction, Colo., mother of :
the Bride: Mr. and Mrs. Pierce. Mr. '
and Mrs. James T. Carey. Mr. and '.
Mrs. Alvin, Mr. and Mrs. Silverthorn, i
Mrs. KauJTman, Miss Ruth Wade. Miss
Caroline Wirley, Miss Mary Gaden, '
Mr. M. A. Bateman and Mr. Berrian.
Following the dinner, Mr. and Mrs. i
Hicks left for Douglas and El Paso. !
They will make their home on School I
Hiii! ;
I
The Alcana Club girls entertained j
with a dancing party at the Odd Fel
lows ball Friday evening. The dancing
was enjoyed until late in the evening
and delicious punch served . to the
dancers. j
I
"The club, day of the I-adies of F.lk-j
(loin was greatly enjoyed on Wednes-
! day. The hostesses were Mesdames ,
I Nathan and O'Donnell, who served j
macaroni, chili, sandwiches, cake and .
coffee at noon. The afternoon was
; passed in cards and the high score
and prize, a set of iced tea spoVms,
fell to Mrs. Holt.
Mrs. R. B. Coover entertained with
a beautifully appointed luncheon at
her home on Mason Hill Tuesday. The
guests of honor were Mrs. Winstead,
of Tucson, and Miss Katherine Hipp,
of Houston, Texas. The table was
decorated in cut flowers and ferns. A
delicious seven course luncheon was
served. Covers were laid for Misses
Hipp, Williams and McKee and Mes
dames Mashbir, Winstead, Spiers and
th hostess. Following the luncheon
the guests enjoyed cards until late in
the afternoon. High score was won
by Mrs. Winstead, who was uwarded
a dainty prize.
The Women's Club will entertain
with a card party, the second of a
HERE Your looey Goes
en You Have Pictures Taken
Material and chemicals 27c'c
Labor 40
General Expense 2 2 Vic,c '
profit oy2ct
Our prices are based on these figures. In dealing with us you have
the satisfaction of knowing where your money goes.
Dix Studio
Jakob Schmid Building, Brewery Gulch.
il
series planned for the coming month,
by the chairman, Mrs. Sam Franken
buri;, Friday, January 2fi. The mem
bers of Ihe-cliib Will be hostess t'J
their own tables.
The officers of the First Arizona In
fantry, and their fair friends are plan
ning to entertain their friends with
a costume party at the Pavilion. Satur
day. January 27. The entertainment
will represent Arizona in the old days
and many of the characters will be
taken from the Wolfville stories.
Roulette, faro bank and the games
played in those days will be indulged
in and the guests are requested to
come in the costumes f the period.
The Warren Parent-Teachers' Asso
ciation held an Interesting murting at
the school house January 16.
The Reading club of the Women's
club will meet at the home of Mrs. N.
C. Bledsoe Saturday, January 27.
The Twentieth Century club elected
delegates to the State Federation of
Women's clubs wl.icU will meet in
Globe January 24 to 26. Mesdames
i Burgess, Isevins, Spauldings, Simms,
'Jones and Flannigan were elected to
represent the club there. The club
'entertained with a dance at the Odd
' Fellows hall last evening. Dancing
iwas enjbyed until a late hour,
i
I The Women's club met in regular
session on Friday afternoon, the meet
, ing being in charge of Mrs. Hankin
and the subject "Current Events". The
hostesses, Mrs. Cummings and Miss
I Moyer, served sandwiches, tea and
cofTee to the members. The next
j meeting will be held February 2, the
I subject "Art',, and Mrs. Landis will
have charge. The hostesses for the
; afternoon will be Mesdames Moon and
Oilman.
Mr. and Mrs. T. O. McGrath left
Thursday for New York City. They
expect to be gone for a m'onth, in
which time they will visit other east
ern points.
Mrs. F. E. Shine was hostess to the
St John's Guild at her home in War
ren Thursday afternoon. The after
noon was passed in sewing, and re
freshments were served to twenty-five
guests.
The Baptist Ladies' Aid met with
Mrs. Bryan at her home in Quarry
Canyon Thursday afternoon. The
afternoon was passed in sewing. Sal
ad, cake and coffee were served t'J
Mesdames Fletcta, Nelson, Reed Bran
aman, Knowles, Morgan, Cooper, Gan
non and Oxsheer. Mrs. Cooper will
be hostess to the club at her home
Thursday afternoon.
Mrs. Frazier was hostess to the
Dorcas Sewing club at her home in
Jiggerville Thursday afternoon. The
afterno'.in was pleasantly passed in
sewing. Fruit salad, wafers, tea. cake
and coffee were served to the guests.
The next meeting will be at the home
of Mrs. llillinnn.
Members of the Methodist Indies'
AIU were eiiieriaineii oy airs, hikk- i
Going Through Bisbee
Shops 1 Noticed That-
J9
moleskin trimmed with silver Iarc.
Ralloon skirts and barrel skirts ar
featured in the spring fashions, ia
The frivilcvis fan lias actually gone
off on a u'Hity tantrent. It serves a
ton Thursday atternoon. The after-! double purpose turn it one way and
noon was pdssed in sewing. Cake and I it's a fan: the othpr way you have ; some Instances, hoops are used.
coffee were served to Mesdames Allen, a vanity bag. The bag keeps modestly
Cain, Berry. Liniprecht, Childers, Ker-i in the bnrkeroimd. It is satin with
uiaine. Kirclmer. Graves. Chapman, i a drawstring top. and covered on both
Albright. Hurshman, Clark and Mrs. .sides with uncurled ostriche feathers
Shaw. The aid will meet at the V. ! arrnneed in f.in shape. A tortoise
W. C. A. February 1. ! siu.n bracelet is the finish.
The fashionable coiffure is inrreas-
Mrs. James K. Frastr was hosts , ine , h,-,llt TnP -n style is fav-
to the Durca.-) t hid at ner non.e in t nPfli The dres!in" u
upstanding loon,
JiggervUle Thursday afternoon. A
pleasant afternon was spt-nt with
needle work, after which a luncheon
of fruit salad, cake and coffee were
served the guests.
Summary 1".0 automobile compan
ies: us manufacturing rour-cy under
(cars, 41! 6'a 12 S's and five making 12's
and posed
in a slanting j
of an
with a coil
fashion.
The new flowing sleeve has a double
cuff finish, the wrist cuff att?ched to
th.- linine. the wider cuff partially
Velonr finished cloths will be the
popular thing for the srrinT ri.it. Mo
hair, with a silk of wool vlr.ur finisa
is nnite the thing.
Kaki-kool is the most p.ipu'ar ma
terial for senarate skirt. r.ud there
are sets of hat parasols md ba.ss.
Along with the Bkirt. whirl: natches
In the form t the metal, laces are still worn to a
surrounded j great extent, and will only be equal
led by the bead embroidered lues and
nets.
Colonial slippers will be worn for
t-e late snrlne tbe colored kid and
silks ore favored. The laree rhine-
Htnne b'ickles are set in aluminum.
THOSE AWFUL
CRAMPS
Suggestions that may save
Much Suffering
confining the flowing sleeve.
Solid rrlors in wool jersev, will be ; Flesh colored batiste for lineeri?
I worn for early spring wear, though i is holding the attention of all tbia
j nioftly in suits. The coats ore Nor- ; spring-.
j folk as a rule and trimmed with pret- Pmilins niaVe pretty early pnr.
! ty pearl buttons. Raspberry, gold, I dresses.
delft bli'e. and mulberry are the fav-1 Battleship grav is still holding it's
i orite colors. However, treen in all j own. However, for spring wear.
J shades plays an important part. bride's gray will undoubtedly be th
The latest handkerchief fad is favorp-
A dainty little sown for the youns
woman is of silk net, and has a tri-n-
marK'.ng in
embroiderv.
indelible ink, instead of
lilt- lllliinin HI - ill ,: r th.no ;n.. ,!. 1 ..!
straight line, finely written and are . ;kk Kt i,. r ,,.
( full skirt. A wide gird'e that fits, and
nbinted like the basaue. ia of the sr.TTi
Maryville, ra. - rornweive years , oecoraiing ureses are irriuesceni color as ti1(1 rii,boh that trims the ruf-
1 sunered
! newer than monogram.
The new beads for trimming and
with
terrible cramps. I
would nave to stay
in bed several days
every month. I
tried all kinds of
remedies and was
treated by doctors,
but my trouble con
tinued until one day
I read about Lydia
in on colors, noweverr moiner-oi- fles The flowire sleeves are three
pearl, blue and rose seem to be the j q,wrtcr length and the blouse plainly
favorites. j made. A corsage of artificial flowers
The latest umbrella shows a tiny , finishes the dress. It is not in tho
watch in the strap hand'e. j usual place, at the waist line, but
The pretty mesh hags have stones j above the top of the wide girdle,
set in the frames, and sometimes In- Neither small r.or large hats will
terlaced in the chain. hold the sway this season mediums
P Pinkhnm's Voiro. Straight Deaiiofl celts trim one piece as usual will De tne go-oetween?.
table Compound and ' dresses. An afternoon gown f crie de
what it had done for ( The new blouses are embroid red in j chine is trimmed with points of silk
others. I tried it j beads, or trimmed with filet of Irish '. lace and little French roses.
ana now i am never 1 1
.i l l : . l i r i t i : 1 " 1 '
irouoieu wiui cramps anu leti u&e a i
-and mostly Georgette, nlthongh
differsnt woman. I cannot praise,8"'" v,r r,lly v" a"u"- ! Prefer. Chamberlain's.
T vrlin E. Pinkham'a Vegetable Com- 1 chief linen and silk batiste arc being)
l.yaia i. rmnain a vegemoiB wra - "In the course of a conversation with
pound too highly and I am recommend- brought on. They are mosly hand-'-,. . , . . ...
Sittomyfrieiidswhosufferasldid' ma(le. ana run t0 a UllheT price than "a: ,a'"! ,
-lAn. George R. Naylor, Box 12, th cni!7on and Georette8 sentative t'oday. we had occasion to
Marysville, Pa. , the. cmaon ana i.eorgettes. I discuss in a general way the merits
Young women wno are troubled with j father is continually advancing In ,of thpir different preparations. At hi3
painful or irregular periods, backache, nee, and so are shoes, and r.ow for ; suggestion I take pleasure in express-
Cough Remedy. 1 have a family of
six children and have used this remedy
in my home for years. I consider it
headache, dragging-down sensations, the first time. French canvas and ing iny estimation of Chamberlain's
xainung spens or inuigesuon enuum
take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound. Thousands have been re
stored to health by this root and herb
remedy.
Write for free and nelpful advice to
Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co. (con
fidentiall, Lynn, Mass. Only women
open and read such letters.
satin, also cloth shoes, have their
chance. The stores are showii g some
of the prettiest French canvr.s boots.
the finest weave ever, and polished j the only cough remedy on the market,
so one can hardly see they are not j as I have tried nearly all kinds." Earl
kid. The cuts, and lasts are the same ; C. Ross, Publisher Hamilton County
as the kid. j Republic.va-News, Syracuse, Kan.
A fashionable hat of the hour is i (Advertisement)
9221 -i y T I Ot 95 (With Bastinj Lina f A V V Vl
... ' W 6 . and Added Seam Allow- " X
V U i l ancc) emi-Fitted Coat, m 'A ',
)tr 34 .44 buit. M
1 lM With Bastincr Line AtSl 3i33 $9
n(1 Ad1ed ?ea'" aiiow- oJir V
V Ji 26 to 36 waist. U 1
PRICt. 16 CtNTa. I
Fashions of To-Day - By May Manton
IinillF.R ne is pUiinin; rn.
tunie with s-pii-n to -urpfv
ment the Winter waidrohe or
liv kine ahc.id to the Npnni. it is wall
' rcnienibtT that itin i? tha nmtrrial
mirrnveil bv la.-h.on .ind tht -atin '
f-own in various eitht -nd qiuli
tics. Ju-t now it n'afce an ideal ma
tcriil lor the ooc-pi'.'e garment th.
v have aM learned to 'ilie so well.
1-ater it will be n"d Inr suit", flnd in
deed tnere are nsialtties hea' y cntMih
t r a suit Sitr raUv c .Id W'-pthr. Silk
jcrwy will liavs a crcat .leal o vogue
lor th.' ? pi ing. Fot mid-Winter the
wool crsev is th? m.itt-iiil winch is
liked lioth (oi vowns and trr suitn.
The thiee susgestir.nr that nre m.ide
in the cioup will unplv three quite
different needs, but there is a silk an.l
a wool material thu' an bt used lor
each one.
The lxjx-p!.iitel gown i !iown here
in Shcpheid'" check with trimmiiii;
of velvet. Th.it comhijati"ii is nlw.tvs
a pretty one. and sheinierd's checks i
one uf the standaid m.itcn'ils t!jr
never lails ol its usctulness. But yo'i
ran think of thi gown made ol bma.l
rloth, ol sciue or el woo! gabardine,
rr t something still handsomer
wantei' von can think of it ma le ol
bat in heaw enough to warrant the
tailored finish. In ermmun with a
pood ir.uny designs oi the season, it
will lie .i simple everyday lrcas il vou
make it M tich material a the rhr"l;
shown here and it wi'l be a hand-me
gown il vou make it of sitin.
F.very lorm ol the ca; is lash ion
aide, and there i yome form ol srmll
cape that is becoming to almost every
woman. 1 he aown that siv? 3 tho ca-j
effect here is made of atin with han 1
some banding at tnmming It is a
very simple vown but a very mrt
nne. It faVes extremely beconnn;
lino, and later when the mil.for
Heather rome or ii one i goins Smith
lor the Winter, it can be worn upon the
street. Glancing at the illustration
vou will scarcely icalize that it is a
!ooe garment w it h onl v shoulder a n J
undent! m cams to be sewn up. The
closine it the front that is made over
a little strip of matetial. the girdle
that holds the lullness and the prefty
rippling rape 'rive an e"ect ol eUiN-ra-tion
and martncss while thev do nor
in the leat add to the labrr l maVirn;.
Anv woman who can sew can make the
die?, and it is certain to pive suns
faction whether ou use satin such a
is illustrated, or a ?irr.ple material.
Fcr the useful mid Winter dress wool
jrrov would be pit-ttv with triinm:n?
t.t silk or ot satir. For 'he street gown
cl theSprinR bnxadcloth or licbt-wei?ht
French wree would be desirable. In
fliice o! the bnncbni;, it would be
w-l! to embroider the cape and the
collar and cutis ot tne scrse or the
I ci tc!ih rrt. F."t a vrrv 'titT
riwn white brrodclotli wnH be
t e.iuritul. It is. aJway a hands rr.e
nutmil hnt ir s oerhar1 at :t-.
lest in the ivorv shade. It can Se
trimmed w-'th the ribted sH'i or wit!
Kitin. White wool jersey maks
hamsome gown" ol thi sort too. ani
ifsev i anthtT ni:tcn.al that u
.-p iaily charii;inj in a lute. ?
Tlie ccat suit one o the n-v-f-tu-
of ever- swon. This vear rh -rs
has been somewlu't of a trndrsrvti
tcp-cnots. hut no numler ft vwntj
ccats really takes the r'ace ot the eoa$
suit. This one is quite novrl in the
tir.itrrrnt of the belt which is paicl
over-the Iront and back and under the
ride pcritoni. It U a mart roxfil
and a model that ran be utilized both
lot the pre-ent and tor the tut-ar-?. It
rnr he mide now in hoi i via cloth and
he th.Tonnhlv warm anrl comtoctable
fcrth" Winter wear. A btt'e lar.-rit
ouM te iust as desirable bx the -uit
I I broadiloth 01 of ?etev and even ol
tin. Wc have learned that there ire
many ue to which silks and sa:iJfc
can be put. We no lor.;er reserve
1 hem for occasional service. We
i;tiiize them tot evu-ral needs. Pnt
the manulact liters have inven unsturdy
fcrts a well as delicate sorts, and we
tied u cjuits possible to combine the
teautiful, lustrous urf aae wtth oul.cy
and servtce.
Mid-Winter Fashions Give Evidence H
of Interesting Developments.
)?JI (With Pasting Line and Added
SM"i Allowance) One-Picce (iown
with Uox I'laits, 34 to 44 bust.
PRICE 15 CENTS.
E IM.V ii th' rT-n when the
wonderful silks ami brocades
ami similar fal lif-s were dis
rlavc.l. the writer of this letter ex
rrcsscd an apjirehension that there
wriild le a neat deal of ucly splendor
nrrarent ditrin the season. That
apt rebension has been somewhat veri
fed for the rirh sj;Us and wonderful
I rcradr- ronsi.n.ily a;e 1 cin-; mel
in inappropriate ways. They are
leii'C cut ut and draped and spoiled
ir ope wav or aiK-ther to brin alxut
or.Mliiiv; I ait 1 dcsin-ble resu'.t. They
pre ii'.mv of t Iiimii rcallv too ornate.
rca'!y t rich and handson-e in color
tr I f iiso-l lor ;v.ns b r thev dwarf
tin- wearer- Thev should 1 e reserved
fer opera wraps anl for unrn-.ents ol
ft:ch sort which allow ( entirely iif-fen-nl
cflis-ts and ireatment. l-ut.
while this is true on the one hand and
cne ini-eis with more or less dislresiin;
exhibitions, there is a Kteat deal that
i really beautiful, and, since it should
alwavs le the part of the wise woman
to look lor the best and to find the
1 rautiful. it is a season ol opportunity
tr spite ol these facts. Pressmakers
and flfsmner have been quick to
reabe 111 it ihe simole Moven Ae
cfircls are trticiil 11 ly desirable lor
ill heavy rich lahnrs In the Moven
.; ivriod Unse laiir.es were the onlv
crrrrct onc r the rocrt ro wear
V any "t the best mo-t atrrarti e co-i-tui
it that are :lion made of I rj-
rades and rich sfuTs of the sort are
planned on these simple lines A
novel gown seen toelay shows an all
over desipn of gold on a brown back
ground. It is made with a Moven
Age tunic which consists ol a Ion?
ftraight hancin? piece at the front
and one at the back, it is rut to form
a seiuare neck and is held over the
flirnlders bv straps. Fcneath this i
a skirt which is apparent only at the
tides where it is very full and is several
inches shorter than the tunic which
lans loose at the front and back.
These sides are banded with Kolin';y
I nr. but the tunic is held bv a cirllj
el rich, larce beads in a C'mbiiiaiion.
l cret-n and amtn-r and there arj
traps of the vreen anel amber ar
raiK'ol over the shoulders in conjunc
tion wth those of the material It n
a diKnilie-d i;owu. a heautiliil S'iwn and
the material a pilars at its let II
brocade must lc worn such clTccts
are the desirable ones To the writer
the plainer labrics alwavs aie to be
preferred, but since brocades are
fashionable, brocades will be seen
and such designs are the most at
tractive in which thev appear.
We are u-.ui-.; a creat manv M'n"s
le r powns ihi- season, oen the solr
pliable tur An extremelv attractive
ro-tume that -ueeests much the si m
ii'e.i . !'e one des'riled is made with
II sir-.lir I nine ot Uihv lamb oe er I
tii'l tk'.rt -ol l,ro.idclotb and llicic are
manv evidences ol this Moven Xire
idea beini; developed on simiiar li-ie-t
As a matter ol course, it is not eontiaei
to brocades althouch it had its be;in
r.inc in their exploitation. It appear
in atternoon gowns ot various fabrics
and it really aiTords such exce:;nc
opportunity lor the tashionaMe 'n
l roiilerie-s that it is desiral!c lor p'. na
fairies and tor rich rlotns as wcl. xt
tor the broeaiics and the like
Si:
MiyMlntm Palt.-rrs tcr tv-te De
signs my be ebt&irud bytrndirg pner
in coin cr stjmpj f r rich trrrn
oantrd to the l-ieiuon Deprtrtwnt ot
tnn paper
F ashion CVpL
Gcntieirien:
I enclose for which send mc
tSe l.'lljinj patten
Send Pattern No ... Sue
Send Pattern No Size
To (Name)
Street and No.
C.t,
HC'ty.
, .e ', alb fh
0lR6 fWith Pasting Line and Addeel
beam Allowance) One-Piete Gown,
34 to 44 bust.
P SLICE IS CENTS. THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 21, 1917.
ot Saved
r ortunes Are made-
Share
een
FOUR
N
Buy ' Arizona
Copper Qu
25c
There are only 30,000 shares of Arizona Copper Queen Mining Stock left to sell at this price. If you buy now you have an opportunity
of a life-time. . The property is located 32 miles southeast of Jerome, and the plant is fully equipped to sink a shaft 1000 feet Steam will
be up February, ls ;j After that the price will go up. You can see samples of the ore in Scott's window, opposite Hotel Gadsden.
! MAKE PAYMENTS 20', DOWN, 20', MONTHLY.
S. C Douglas, Pres.; Et S..Herider, Sec; E. J. White, Treas. all Mining Men.
F. C HURST, LOCAL SALES MANAGER.
SALT LAKE CAPITAL
INTERESTED IN NEW !
SUPERIOR VENTURE
. ' !
J. H. McMillan Interests Sam-j
uel Newhouse of Utah Cap-1
ital in the Interloper Group;
Near the Magma Copper.
'
THOE-VIX, Jan. 20. One of the
largest mining deals ever consum
mated in the history of the state was
announced yesterday, when J. Harry
MacMillan, representing Samuel New
house of Salt Lake City, and other
prominent mining operators of both
the west and the east, paid through
the Valley bank a large sum for the
controlling interest in the "Interlop
er" group at Superior.
So positive was MarMillan that the
Superior district is the coming camp
in the state of Arizona, that he has
made five trips between Phoenix and
Salt Lake, and has at last succeeded
in securing what he thinks is about
the best piece of mining property to
be obtained in the state. He refused
to divulge -the price paid last night,
but it was rumored that it was one of
the largest considerations ever paid
for a mine in that district.
V. J. Graham of Phoenix represent
ed the holders of the group, and with
MacMiiUu, conducted the negotia
tions which resulted in the transfer
yesterday.
Incorporation papers were filed for
the Magma Superior Copper company
yesterday afternoon, the name under
which the group will be operated. Ac
cording to MacMillan, who is one of
the best known mining operators in
Utah and Nevada, Arizona is the com
ing mining state of the union. All
through the west, he stated last night,
Arizona is constantly talked among
mining men. The boom which the
state has undergone in the past, is
nothing to what is to come.
So earnestly does Mr. MacMillan
believe in the doctrine he has preach-
WORKING WAY UP IN
STATE DEPARTMENT
- J
William Phillips.
Ey his appointment as assistant
secretary of state, William Phillips,
third assistant secretary of estate,
has pone higher in the diplomatic
service faster than any official other
than Secretary Lansing and Ambas
sador Fletcher. Starting as private
secretary to Ambassador Cboate iu
London in 1903, he ha worked his
way through, posta in various parts
of the world to a position ranked
only by the secretary of Etit6 and
the counsellor of th e-9 drj"rt-
mcnt. '
Marinello Soap
Every family wants a
Pure Soap. Marinello pro
tides one nearly natural in re
action, delicately ecented, produc
ing a thick, rich lather that may be
used with safety on the baby.
Excellent for the bath, un
equalled in its effect on the skin.
Send or bring 10c for trial cake,
MCDONALD'S
MARINELLO SHOP
ed regarding Arizona that he has writ
ten numerous articles regarding con
ditions here, which have appeared in
the leading mining journals of the
country. In an interview last evening
Mr. MacMillan made the following
statement:
"Our property, which, in the main,
is patented, lies immediately south
and adjoining what was known in the
early history of the Superior camp as
the Lake Superior and Arizona hold
ings. These holdings are now con
trolled by the Magma Copper compa
ny, and by settleir.ent of long-standing
litigation become a contiguous
part of the Magma estate in the Su
perior district. Aside from the tre
mendous ore body opened on the
Magma ground at the 1500-foot level,
the company is shipping high-grade
copper ore from this "L. S. and A."
ground, ::nd at no great distance
fiotn the property which we have just
acquired.
"We have been disinclined to go in
to at'W mining ent i prises at a time
when the advanced price of metals is
responsible for innumerable promo
tions and ventures, but the results of
Oiir investigations of the opportuni
ties ofi'ercd the Magma Copper com
panv's holdings wire such that we
could not overlook the chance to de
velop a mine. The reports of Walter
Harvey Weed, well known geologist,
ik! oil ers on the district :id on- prop
eily aside from the great Magma it-
Special Bargains Tomorrow al
OILMAN'S
Dollar
Window
Sale
dp
$
$
St
s lf court careful and earnest inves
tgation of the possibilities in that
C2ld. Our search brought conclusions
Ciat mafte us rather optimistic regard
ing the Superior camp. We have con
f.dence in the future of the Magma
i Superior. Work is to be energetical-
' y prosecuted on the future explora
i tion of the estate and with the devel
! opment already accomplished there,
I cur expectations for earlv satisfacto
! 1 results are strong.
"Mr.. MacMillan said that the price
I paid for the control of the company
reaches into six figures and is large
for a property not already in a pro
ducing stage. The board of directors
cf the company will be changed to
some extent, and announcement is to
be made later as to its personnel.
"The recent rapid rise in the price
r.f Magma shares, which carried the
i ;sue from around $12 to JC0. with re
cessions to $35 and a later advance to
ibout $50 a share, has been responsible
for attracting marked attention to the
Superior district throughout the min
ing world. The sl.'jot of ore opened on
the 1500 level in the Magma, showing
a width of thirty one feet of 11 per
cent copper ore, is declared to be a
rival of the ore body in the United
Verde Extension of Jerome, Arizona,
which proved the sensation of the
mining lields last year.
"The fact that the surface indica
tions IV) the Superior district are so
distinct and easily read appears to be
the magnet which is attracting min
ing operators away front other Art
ioua copper fields, where geological
conditions are more dUncuIt of solu
tion.
"Mr. Newhouse, latest operator IV
Uke holdings in the district, has been
one of the most picturesque figures
1:1 the mining industry during the past
irty years. A number of large min
ing enterprises throughout the western
country have resulted from his ac-
TlWDAl
WITH SAGE TEA
Grandma kept her locks dark,
glossy and youthful with a
simple mixture of Sage
Tea and Sulphur.
The old time mixture of Sage Tea
and Sulphur lor darkening gray,
streaked and faded hair is grandmoth
er's recipe, and folks are again using
ii to keep their hair a good, even
color, which is quite sensible, as we
are living in an age when a youthful
appearance is of the greatest advant
age. Nowadays, though, we don't have
the troublesome task jf gathering the
age and the mussy mixing at home.
All drug stores sell the ready-to-usc
product, improved by the addition of
other ingredients, called "Wyeth's
Sage and Sulphur Compound" for
about 50 cents a bottle. It is very
popular because nobody, can discover
it has been applied. Simply ift'jisten
your comb or a soft brush with it aud
draw this through your hair, taking
one small strand at a time; by morn
ing the gray hair disappears, but
what delights the ladies with Wyeth's
Sage and Sulphur Compound, is that,
besides beautifully darkening the hair
Jlter a lew applications, it also pro
duces that soft lustre and appearance
of abundance which is so attractive.
This ready-to-use preparation is a
lelightful Toilet requisite Tor those
who desire a more youthful appear
ance. It is not intended for the cure,
mitigation or prevention of disease.
(Advertisement)
i Milil IM tm mi
iV&fa p ,4 m Ji ? 1 1
.' -
5
F. O. B. DETROIT
The world's champion endurance car complete in every detail handsome com
fortable easy to drive and sold at a price which undoubtedly means unequalled
value. You cannot afford to overlook this car. Ask us to prove these statements.
The World's
Champion
Endurance Car!
STEWART GRANT
LOWELL, ARIZONA.
r
tivity and well-established ability, llisjrtah, where his far-sightedness and
successes have been heralded through-1 enterprise were in great measure re
i out the United States and across the 1 sponsible for buil.iing Salt Lake front
'Atlantic ocean into I'uropean financial a h'rge town into a beautiful city. The
" districts for many years. Mr. New-'advent of this well-known operator
! i.Vjuse is as well known in I'o:;ton, New Into Superior w ill add another inceu-
York, London and 1'aris as he is in live to that inUrest:i'g held."
Vitoi
ox
This word mean.s LIFE and strength.
I'se it ami you will know that the
iiaiuc i.s ju.'-t right.
VITOLOX purifies the blood, cor
rects disorders of the stomach, im
proves the appetite, tones up the kid
neys and a sure ohol fur rheuui.il i;;in
liet a hoi tic at any di ug slorc, $1-(0 i'r
Why don't you
Ask Art?
Stomach Troubles.
If you have trouble with jour stom
cch you should try Chamberlain's
Tablets. So many have been restored
to health by th? use of these tablets
and their cost is so lit'le, "3 cents, that
it is worth while to give them a trial.
(Advertisement)
BIG JIM SINKING
OATMAX, Ariz., Jan. 20. Sinking
to the 650 level has been begun by
the I!ig Jim Cold mining company,
which has started work on a three
coinpartment shaft at the 4S5 foot
level. A continuous ore body 2S feet
in width, extending from the 4S5 lev
el to within 75 feet of the surface has
already been developed, and the shaft
is to be sunk to depth to prove exis
tence of the vein below present de
velopment operations. The ore will
average $10 a ton.
Cunard Line is said to have two
I shij)s under construction in England
j which will be put in service between
! Vancouver and Orient within year.
I They will cover practically the same
I route in far east now covered by Toy-
en Kisen Kaisha ships and Pacific
I Mail ships operating out of "Frisco.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
, Take LAXATIVE BROMO QUIKINB
! tablets. Stop the Cough and Headache
1 and work off the Cold. Druggists refund
i money if it fails to cure. E. W. Grove'
I signature is on each box. 25 cents.
THE LITTLE PORTABLE GAS HEATER ENABLES YOU
TO QUICKLY CONVERT THE COLDEST ROOM IN
YOUR HOUSE TO WARMTH AND CHEER IT GIVES
fvmfyV WHERE YOU WANT IT
OllirOr V WHEN YOU WANT IT
i -
LIGHTS AT THE FLASH OF A MATCH CONNECTS
BY A FLEXIBLE METALLIC TUBE AND CAN BE
EASILY MOVED FROM ONE ROOM TO ANOTHER.
f rX
n
QUICK
i?0
Did
Price:
mi iiv
SAFE CLEAN
$2.75 to $7.00
ItlLIMI UUi
ti ssoul
t. lor THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 21, 1917.
FIVE
DUNDEE-ARIZONA'S
ENGINE ON GROUND
Eighty Horsepower Engine for
the Big Jerome Company
Ready for Installation.
JEROME, Jan. 20. The new 80
horsepower engine of the Dundee-Ari-eona
company was delivered at the
..mine -Thursday evening. Concrete
foundations had been prepared prior
to the arrival of the engine so the
machine can be put in commission .'a
short order and the sinking of the
shaft renewed. Work was suspended
at the Dundee when a heavy now of
water was encountered at the -iaO-foct
level. This necessitated the installa
tion of a sinking pump and heavier
engine.
This new engine is the latest crea
tion in gasoline power. It is the latest
engine of this capacity to be turned
out of the Fairbanks-Morse factory
with up-to-date improvements.
Great energy is being exerted by
the Dundee-Arizona people to push
work in every direction. A large ton
nage of ore is already on the dump
and the future of the property i'ooks
to be very bright.
Are Your Sewers Clogged 1
The bowels are the sewerage system
of the body. You can well imagine
the result when they are stopped up
as Is the case in constipation. As a
' purgative you will find Chamberlain's
Tablets excellent They are mild and
gentle in their action. They also im
prove the digestion. (Advertisement)
GET THE BENEFIT OF
George
COMMISSION BROKER AND DEALER IN
SECURITIES
27 William Street
Phones, 793, 794,
YOUR ORDERS INVITED FOR
THE PURCHASE AND SALE OF
ALL GRADES OF SECURITIES
Industrial, Oil, Metal Mining, Utility
and Investment Issues bought and
sold in all markets for cash or carried
on conservative margin account,
Special facilities enjoyed for the
transaction of business in Jerome,
Bisbee and other Arizona Mining se
curities dealt in on the New York
and Boston markets
BROKER AND DEALER IN COP
PER, ZINC, LEAD, LEAD-SILVER,
SILVER AND GOLD SE
CURITIES. Daily Market Letter, $ 1 - a month
My Industrial and Mining Age, pub
lished weekly, $5 a year, and my
analyze industrial?, oils, and mine
and market conditions affecting in
dustrials, metal markets, the Arizo
na, Couer d'AIene, Utah and other
copper, lead, silver, lead-silver and
zinc stocks, along with the Gold
fields, Tonopahs, Cobalts and Porcupines.
! solicit a share of your business in
all classes of securities.
YOUR INQUIRIES AS WELL AS
YOUR ACCOUNT SOUCrTED
GET THE BENEFIT OF
CHURN DRILLS FOR
NEEDLES COMPANY AT
COURTLAIID STATION
Copper Company at Cochise
County Point Will Sodn In
vestigate the Ground The
Great Western Working.
COCRTLAND, Jan. 20. Two churn
drill outfits reached Courtland this
week for the Needles company. One
rig arrived Tuesday and anotner on
the next train.
With two diamond drills on the
Great Western ground, one of which
has been working two months, and
the two churn drills on the Leadville
group, knowledge of the mineral situ
ation at greater depths than has been
explored heretofore, should soon be
available to the interested parties.
Though some drilling has been done
in the camp, it was not carried on to
an considerable extent. A diamond
drill was used by the C. and A. com
pany 'on the April Fool claim before
ihe deal for the purchase was com
pleted. The Boston-Qourtland then organiz
ed and brought in a shot drill that
worked a short time on bonded prop
erty, but work was not of a satisfac
tory nature and the company dropped
out of existence. The Copper Queen
company put down a hole a short
depth from one of the underground
levels of one of the properties then
held by them under bond, but this was
another hole that was abandoned early.
The Great Western next used a churn
A PERSONAL SERVICE
rnliam Rice
'-
New York
836, 4925 Broad
A PERSONAL SERVICE
drill on several of their claims, but
did not go below the 800 level, and
in fact many of the holes were for the
purpose of aiding in the ventilation of
! underground level.
Aside from three shafts, the April
Fool, Gerniafia and Cyclone, no work
ings in the camp have gone below
the 400 foot level, and these three are
down but little more than 500 feet
Sinking is now under way at the
Last Chance mine in the Walker dis
trict and will be continued to the 300
foot level. Plans for a reduction
plant for this property are being con
sidered. GLASS OF WATER
BEFORE YOU EAT
ANY BREAKFAST
Wash poison from system each
morning and feel fresh
as a daisy.
Every day you clean the house you
live in to get rid of the dust and dirt
which collected through the previous
day. Your body, the house your soul
lives in, also becomes filled up each
twenty-four hours with all manner of
filth and poison. If only every man
and woman could realize the wonders
of drinking phosphated hot water,
what a gratifying change would take
place.
Instead of the thousands of sickly,
anaemic-looking men, women and
girls with pasty or muddy complex
ions; instead of the multitudes of
"nerve wrecks," "rundowns," '"brain
fags," and pessimists we should see a
virile optimistic throng of rosy
cheeked people everywhere.
Everyone, whether sick or well,
should drink each morning before
breakfast, a glass of real hot water
with a teaspoonful of limestone phos
phate in it to wash from the stomach,
liver, kidneys and ten yards of bowels
the previous day's indigestible waste,
sour fermentations and poisons, thus
cleansing, sweetening and freshening
the entire alimentary canal before
putting more food into the stomach,
Those subject to sick headache, bil
iousness, nasty breath, rheumatism,
colds; and particularly those who
have a pallid, sallow complexion and
who are constipated very often, are
urged to obtain a quarter pound of
limestone phosphate at the drug store
which will cost but a trifle but is suf
ficient to demonstrate the quick and
remarkable change in both health and
appearance awaiting ihose who prac
tice internal sanitation. We must re
member that inside cleanliness is
more important than outside, because
the skin does not absorb impurities to
contaminate the blood, while the pores
in the thirty feet of bowels do.
(Advertisements)
MEAT CAUSE OF
KIDNEY TROUBLE
Take a glass of Salts if your
Back hurts or Bladder
bothers Meat forms
uric acid.
i If you must have your meat everj
day, eat it, but flush your kidneys with
salts occasionally, says a noted au
thority who tells us that meat formt
uric acid which almost paralyzes th-.
kidneys in their efforts to expel it
i from the brood. They become sluggisl
'and weaken, then you suffer with s
,dull misery in the kidney region, sharp
' pains in the back or sick headache,
dizziness, your stomach sours, tongue
is coated and when the weather is bao
you have rheumatic twinges. The
urine gets cloudy, full of sediment the
channels often get sore and irritated,
obliging you to geek relief two 01
three times during the night
, To neutralize these irritating acids,
to cleanse the kidneys and flush oil
the body's urinous waste get four
; ounces of Jad Salts from any pliarma
cy here; take a tablespoonful in a
t glass of water before breakfast lor
a few days and your kidneys will then
act fine. This famous salts is made
, from the acid of grapes and lemuii
juice, combined with lithia, and has
been used for generations to flush ana
I stimulate sluggish kidneys, also to
. neutralize the acids in urine, so it no
!lnn?fr irritatpfl. thus pmlini? bladder
weakness.
Jad Salts is inexpensive; cannot in
jure, and makes a delightful efferves
cent lithia-watcr drink.
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE
UNITED STATES FOR THE DIS
TRICT OF ARIZONA.
In The Matter of A. Dctloff, Hank
'rapt
( . . IX BANKRUPTCY
To the creditors of A. Dctloff, o:
Douglas, in the County of Cochise anc1
District aforesaid, a Bankrupt.
Notice is hereby given that on the
16th day tof January, A. D. J917, the
said A. Detloff was duly adjudicated a
bankrupt; and that the first meeting
of creditors will be held at my office
In Tombstone. Cochise County, Ari
zona, on the first day of February. A
1. 1917. at one o'clock in the atrr
noon, at which 'timc'the said'ercditorf
may attend, prove their claims, ap
point a trustee, examine the bankrupt
and transact such VI her business at
may properly tome belore said meet
lug-
W. G. GILMORE,
Referee in Bankruptcy
Ask Art
about it
35.000 of 60.000 clothing workers ot
New York wlA struck Dec. 13 for in
crease in wages and shorter hours
will return to work in a few days,
having won demands.
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION,
OF
GADSDEN COPPER COMPANY.
FIRSTV-The name of this corpora-
tion is GADSDEN COPPER COM
PANY.
SECOND, Its principal office and
place of business in the State of Dela
ware is to be located in the City of
Wilmington, County of New Castie.
The agent in charge thereof is the
DELAWARE CHARTER GUARAN
TEE & TRUST CO., No. 328 Du Pont
Building, 7 West 10th Street
THIRD, The nature of the business
and the objects and purposes proposed
IV) be transacted, promoted and carried
on, are to do any or all of the things
herein mentioned, as fully and to the
same extent as natural persons might or
could do and in any part l)f the world.
viz: '
To acquire by purchase, grant, con
cession, location, or any other lawful
means, mines, mining- claims, mining
rights and minerals; water rights, wa
.er ditches and canals, power plauts,
and pipe lines; and to buy, sell, ex
change, lease, operate and deal in, the
same, and to conduct all business ap
purlenant thereto; to carry on the
ousines of mining, milling, contract
ing, converting, snicking, reducing,
treating, preparing for market, manu
lecturing, buying, selling, exchanging
and otherwise producing and dealing
in gold, silver, lead, copper, zinc,
Grass, iron, steel, and in ores, metals,
and minerals, and in the products ant.
oy-products thereof, of every kind and
description, and by whatsoever pro
cess the same can be or may hcreailei
je produced, and generally and with
Out limit as to amount; to own, con
struct, operate, and maintain mints,
mills, reduction plants, and smelters,
aud any and all kinds of plant;, sp
paratus, equipment, and facilities in
cident to the successful transaction
and cenuuet of the business and opera
tions hereinbefore mentioned.
To take, own, hold, deal in, mort
gage or otherwise lien, and to lease,
sell, exchange, transfer, 'or in any man
ner whatever dispose oi" real property,
within or without the "State of Dela
ware, wherever situated.
To manufacture, purchase, or ac
quire in any lawful manner, and ti.
hold, own mortgage, pledge, sell,
transfer, or iu any manner dispose ol,
and to deal and trade in goods, wares,
jierchandise and property of any ana
every class and description, and in
any part of the world.
To acquire the good will, rights and
property, and to undertake the whole
or any pan of the assets or liabilities
of any person, firm, association or cor
poration; to pay lor the same in cash,
.ae stock of this company, bonds or
jtherwise; to hold or in any manner
o dispose of the whole or any part
of the property so purchased; to con
duct in any lawful manner the whole
or any part of any business so ac
quired and to exercise all the powers
accessary or convenient in aad about
.he conduct and management ol such
business.
To apply for, purchase, or in an;
oianuer Co acquire, and to hold, own,
jse and operate, or to sell or in any
.nanner dispose of, aud to grant license
jv other rights in respect oi, and in
any manner deal with, any and. all
rights, inventions, improvements, and
processes used iu connection with or
.secured uuder letters patent or copy
rights Of the United States or other
countries, or otherwise; and to work
jperate or develop the same, and to
carr? on any business, manufacturing
jr otherwise, which may be deemed
to directly or indirectly effectuate
-hese objects or any of them.
To guarantee, purcha.se, LOld, sell,
lisign, transfer, mortgage, pledge, or
jtherwise dispose of, the shares ol the
apital stock of, or any bonds, securi -
.ies or evidences of indebtedness is
sued or created by any other corp'ora--iou
"or corporations of this State or
any other State, country, nation or kov-
eminent and while owner of said!
.lock may exercise all the riguU,
oowers and privileges of ownership,
ncluding the right to vote thereon, to
.he same extent as natural persons
night or could do.
To enter into, make ami perforin
oniracts of every kind with any per
son, firm, association, or corporal :cn,
.Municipality, body politic, county, ter
ritory. State, Government, or Colon;.
r dependency thereof, and without
.iuiit as to amount to draw, make, ac
cept, endorse, discount, execute iiml
issue promissory notes, drafts, bills of
exchange, warrants, bondsdebeutures,
and other negotiable or transferable
.nstrumc-nls and evidences of indebt
edness, whether secured by mOrtgie
or otherwise, so far as may be per
mitted by the laws of the Slate of
ceiawure. i
i i
To have offices, conduct its Iiii.m- j County o( New Castle )
acss and pioniole its objects within! BE IT REMEMBERED, that on this
and without the State of Delaware, in j lin t day of December, A D.. 1316, per
other States, the District of Columbia, ' tonally appeared belore me. the sub
ihe territories ami Colonies of the j seriber. a Notary Public in and for
United Stales, and in Ion ian un ithe Slate and (Vunty aforesaid. F. I.
tries,' without restriction as to plaic!Uuck. Geo. U. Dillman and M. L. Hor
Or amount !. parties to the foregoing Certificate
To purchase, hold, cancel, and rc 'f Incorporation, known to me person
issue the bliares of its capital stock, j ally to be such, and 1 having first made
To do ail) or all of the tlnugs herein known to tftcm and to each of them
;ct forth, to the same extent an ua- the contents i said Certificate, they
lira persons might or could do. ami 'did each scvctally acknowledge that
ia any part of the woild, as principals,
agents, contractors, trustees.or other
wise, and either alone or in company
with others.
IN GENERAL to carry on any other
business in connection therewith, whe
ther manufacturing or otherwise, not
contrary to the laws of the State ol
Delaware, and with all the powers con
ferred upon corporations by the laws
of the State of Delaware.
FOURTH, The amount of the total
authorized capital stock of this cor
poration is One Million Dollars
($1,000,000.00) divided into one million
(1,000,000) shares, of the par value of
One Dollar ($1.00) each.
The amount of capital stock with
!...t.t..i. ....... v. . in
."T.,' "
($2,500.00, being two thousand five hun
dred (2,500) shares, Of One Dollar
($1.00) each.
FIFTH, The names and places of
residence of each of the original sub
scribers to the capital stock are as
follows:
Name
F. D. Buck
Geo. W. Dillman
Residence.
Wilmington, Dela.
Wilmington, Dela.
Wilmington, Dela.
M. L. Horty
SIXTH, The existance of this cor
poration is to be perpetual.
SEVENTH, The private property
of the stockholders shall not be sub
ject to the payment of corporate debts
co any exteut whatever.
EIGHTH, The Directors shall have
power to make and to alter or amend
the By-Laws, to fix the amount to be
reserved, and to authorize and cause
to be executed, mortgages and liens,
without limit as to the amount, upon
the property and franchises of this
Torporation.
The Directors may, by resolution
passed by a mamty of the whole
Soard, designate two or more of their
number to constitute an Executive
Committee, who to the extent provided
in said resolution or in the By-Laws
of said Compaiy, shall have and exer
cise f ie I'j-.vers of the Board of Direc
tors in the management of the busi
ness and affairs of the Company, and
.nay have power to authorize the seal
of the Company to be affixed to all
papers which may require it
The Lirectors may, by a vote of the
stockholders, be devided into one, two
or three classes; the term of office of
the first class to expire at the annual
meeting next ensuing; of the second
class one year thereafter; of the third
class, two years thereafter; and at
all annual election held after such
classification and election. Directors
.;hall be chosen for a full term, as the
case may be, to succeed those whose
terms expire.
With the consent in writing, aud
pursuant to an affirmative vote of the
iiuKlers of a majority of the capital
noi-k. issued aud outstanding, the
Directors shall have authority to dis-
uose, in any manner, of the wl.Olc
property of this Corporation.
The By-Lav. s shall determine whe
iher and to what extent the accounts
and books of tlrls Corporation, or any
of them, shall be open to the inspec
tion of the stockholders; and no stock
aolder snail have any right of inspect
ing any account, or book or document
of this Corporation, except as con
ferred by law or the By-Laws, "or by
resolution of the stockholders or Direc
tors.
The stockholders and Directors shall
have power to hold their meetings and
keep the boOks, documents and papers
of the Corporation outside of the
State of Delaware, at such places as
a, ay be from time to time designated
oy the By-Laws, except as otherwise
required by the laws of Delaware.
This corporation reserves the right
to amend, alter, change or repeal any
pro vison coutained in this Certificate
of Incorporation, in the maimer now
or hereafter prescribed by the Statutes
of the Statu of Delaware, and all
rights conferred on officers, Directors
and stockholders herein arc granted
subject to this reservation.
It is the intention that the "objects
purposes and powers specified in the
third paragraph shall, except where
otherwise specitied in said paragraph
be nowise limited or restricted by re
terence to or inference from the terms
of any other clause or paragraph in
this Certificate of Incorporation, but
that the object, purposes and powers
! specitied in the third paragraph and
;a each of tiie clauses or paragraphs
of this charter shall be regarded as in
dependent objects, purposes and pow-
;rs.
THE UNDERSIGNED, bein
I each of the original subscribers to the
! "apital stoc k hereinbefore named, for
the purpose of forming a corporation
fo do business both within and with
out the State of Delaware, and in pur
suance of an Act of the Legislature
of the State of Delaware, entitled "An
Act Providing a General Corporation
Law" (approved March loth, lSv99),
and the acts auiciidalOry thereof and
supplemental thereto, do make an
lilo this Certificate, aud declare that
the facts hen-iii stated are tiue, and
we have accordingly hereunto set oui
respective hands and seals this hist
day of December, A. D. 1916.
F. I). Buck (Seal)
Ceo. W. Dillman (Seal)
M. L. Horty (Seal)
State of Delaware, )
) ss.
they sicued, sealed aud delivered the
same as their several voluntary act'
and deed, and that the facts therein
stated were trully set forth.
GIVEN under my hand and seal of
office the day and year aforesaid.
JAMES H. HUGHES, Jr.,
Notary Public.
James H. Hughes, Jr., Notary
Public, Appointed, September 19th,
1916, for 2 ears for the State ot
Delaware. ,
STATE OF DELAWARE
Office of Secretary of State.
I GEO. 11. HALL, Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware, do hereby
certify that the above and foregoing
is a true and correct copy of Certifi
cate of Incorporation of the "GADS
DEN COPPER COMPANY", as re
ceived and hied in this office the sec
ond day of December, A. D. 1916, at
9 o'clock, A. M.
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have
hereunto set my hand and Official seal
at Dover, this second day of Decem
ber in Lie year of our Lord one thou
sand nine hundred and sixteen.
GEO. H. HALL,
(Seal) Secretary of State.
State of Delaware, )
) ss.
New Castle County )
Recoided in the Office for the Rec
ording of Deeds, &c, at Wilmington,
in and for the County aforesaid, in
Corporation Record 2, Volume 7, page
101, Aic, the 4th day of December,
A. D. 1916.
WITNESS my hand and the Seal of
said Office the day and year last
aforesaid.
A. V. L. GEORGE,
(Seal) Recorder.
STATE OF ARIZONA
Office of the
Arizona Corporation Commission
United States of America, )
) ss.
Stale of Arizona )
The Arizona Corporation Commis
sion does hereby certify that the an
nexed is a true aud complete tran
script of the
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
"BISBEE-TOMBSTONE COPPER
MINING COMPANY"
which were tiled in the office of said
Arizona Corporation Commission on
the Sth day of January A. D. 1917, at
:00 O'clock p. iu., as provided by law.
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, The
Arizona Corporation Commis
sion, by its Chairman, has here
(Seal) unto set its hand and affixed
its Official Seal. Done at the
city of Phoenix, the Capitol,
this 10th day of January A. D.
1917.
Arizona Corporation Commission.
F. A. JONES,
Attest: Chairman.
W. X. SANGSTER.
Secretary.
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF
BISBEE-TOMBSTONE COPPER
MINING COMPANY
Know All Men By These Presents:
That we, the undersigned, have Vol
untarily associated ourselves together
tor the purpose of forming a corpora
tion under the laws of the State of
Arizona:
AND WE HEREBY CERTIFY AS
FOLLOWS:
The name of the corporation shall
oe "Bisbee-Tonibsi'one Copper Mining
Company", and its principal place of
ousiness shall be at Bisbee, Cochise
County, State of Arizona.
1.
The names, residences and post of
.iee addresses of the incorporators are
is .follows: J. L. Bark well, O. G.
iVager, Walter Stanley, C. J. Winters,
0. P. Thomas, F. E. Thomas and E. B.
A'allace, the address of each being
Jisbee, Cochise County, Arizona.
The general nature of the business
to be transacted by this corporation
s as follows: (1) To own. operate,
icquire, buy, ' sell, locate, denounce,
intent, bond, lease, mortgage, dispose
f and control mines, mining inter
sts and properties and all rights, Irt
erests, easements, privileges and
ranchises thereunto in any way ap
pertaining: (2) To acquire, buy, sell,
ouduct, carry on, manage, confol,
ent and lease mercantile establish
nents, stores, depots and warehouses;
,3) To own. construct build, buy, sell,
ent and lease all structures, bulld
ngs and erecting necessary or proper
or the business of the corporation;
4) T'o acquire, by purchase or other
vise, own, conduct, operate, lease,
ent, exchange, sell, mortgage, dispose
f and deal in smelters, mills, rrduc
ion works, shafts and warehouses,
tore houses and rooms, magazines,
mt buildings, structures and erections,
of every sort and character whatso
ever, necessary and proper In carry
ing )ti the business of the corpora
tion; (5) To purchase, rent own, buy.
sell, and manufacture implements,
tools, machinery, supplies, tools and
.equipment, of every sort and charac
ter whatsoever, for the working, de
velopmt;, exploring and maintaining ol
mines, prospects and mining proper
ties and the carrying on of the busi
ness Vf the corporation: (6) To ac
quire, hold, buy, sell, rent lease,
mortgage, control and deal in real
property; (7) To buy. sell, raise, mar
ket, own, butcher and deal in cattle
iml live stock, and to manufacture
Hid deal in the products thereof; (S)
To construct, own, operate and man
age railroads, tramways, turn pikes
and canals, leading from its principal
works ami places of business Pi some
navigable stream, or to some existing
railroad, turnpike or public highway;
to own. acquire, construct, operate
and control irrigation ditches, dams.
Humes, drains and gateways; (9) To
buy. sell, reut. lease, mortgage, ex
change, till, cultivate and manage
tarius and farm lauds, as the same
may become incident and proper to
the business til the corporation; (10)
To construct, own, operate, control,
and dispose of every character of
power plant whether operated by
steam, electric, water or other power;
(11) To acquire, hold, own, pledge
and sell the stock or shares tI other
corporations; (12) To issue, acquire,
take, hold, pledge, sell and deal in
promissory notes, drafts, bills of ex
change and obligations of every sort
and character, provided that no obliga
tion, tf any character, shall be issued
by this corporation in excess of the
liability of the Company as herein
set forth and as provided by law; (io)
To enter into contracts ot all sorts,
to lend or borrow money aud tale 'or
give security lor the payment there
of; (14) To do any and all things
which a natural person might and
could do in the matter of the transac
tion of the business of the corpora
tion and in the promotion and man
agement of its interest
3.
The amount of the capital stock of
this corporation shall be ($500,000.00)
Five hundred thousand Dollars,
which shall be divided into (5O0.O00)
Five hundred thousand shares of the
par value of $1.00) One Dollar, per
-hare; which shares shall be and must
De fully paid up at the date of the
issuing thereof, and shall be forever
n'on-assessable; but such stock may
be paid for in money, services, proper
ty, rights, easements, privileges or
anything of value, and the judgment
ot the Board of directors shall be for
ever conclusive, both as to the actual
value of the said stock and the con
sideration paid therefor; in the ab
sence of fraud tr any collusive agree
ment 4.
The time of the commencement of
this corporation shall be when these
articles of incorporation shall be bled
for record in the office of the Corpora
tion Commission of the State of Art
zona, at Ph'oenix, Arizona, a certified
copy thereof recorded in the office of
the County Recorder of Cochise Coun
ty, Arizona, at Tombstone. Arizona, in
which County the principal place of
business of the corporation is to be,
and a certificate of incorporation de
livered to this corporation by the Cor
poration Commission of the State of
Arizona.
The life of this corporation shall be
for twenty-five years from said date,
but it may be renewed from time to
time, for periods as by law indicated,
not to exceed twenty-five years, upon
the taking tf proper legal steps for
such renewal.
5.
The affairs of this corporation shall
ae conducted by a Board of five Direc
tors, but this number may be in
creased or diminished by the vote of
the stockholders at any annual meet
ing or at any special meeting railed
for that purpose.
The Board of Directors shall be
elected at the first annual meeting of
the stockholders of the corporation
which shall be held at the principal
place of business of the corporation at
Bisbee, Cochise County, Arizona, on
the 4th day of January. 1918. and the
members- of such board of directors
shall be elected annually thereafter
at such annual meetings to be held on
the first Friday, of each year.
The officers of the corporation shall
be a President Vice-President, Secre
tary and Treasurer, (the latter two
offices may be filled by the same per
son). All vacancies In office may be filled
by the Board of directors, and those
elected thereto shall hold office until
next annual meeting.
Those who shall serve as the Board
of Directors until the first ainval
meeting shall be J. W. Stanley. J. r.
Bark well. O. G. Wager. E. B. W allace
and F. E. Thomas: and the officers to
hold and serve until that time shall
be C. J. Winters, President Vice
President J. C. Barkwcll and Secre
tary and Treasurer C. I'. Thomas.
C.
The highest amount of indebtedness
or liability, direct or contingent to
which this corporation shall at ai.y
time subject itself, shall, in no ease,
be more than Five Hundred tbour-acil
($500,000.00) Dollars.
The private property of the stock
holders of this corporation is hereby
expressly made and declared exempt
from all liability or corporate debts.
. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hands this Sth day
of January. A. D. 1917.
O. G. WAGER K. B. WALLACE
J. C. BARKW ELL J. W. STANLEY
C. P. THOMAS C. J. WINTERS
F. E. THOMAS
State of Arizona, )
) ss.
County of Cochise )
Before me. (. W. Totman. a Notary
Public, in mid for the County of Co
chise, State of Arizona, personally ap
peared. J. L. Barkwcll. O. G. Waiter.
Walter Stanley. C. J. Winters. C. P.
Thomas. F. K. Thomas and E. B. Wal
lace, known to me to be the prrstm.1
whose names are subscribed to the
foregoing articles of incorporation, and
they and each of them, acknowledged
to me that they signed and execute !
the same for the purposes and ecu
sideratiou therein set forth.
Witness my hand and tfficial seal
this 5th day of January, 1917.
(Seal) G. W. TOTMAN.
Notary Public as aforesaid.
My Conimissiou expires Pec. 30.
1918.
Filed in the office of the Arizona Cor
poration Commission this 9th, day of
Jan. A. D. 1917. at 2:tM P. M.Nat re
quest of FRANK K. THOMAS, whose
post office address is Box 132S. Bisbee.
AriAnit.
Arizona Corporation Commission,
Bv V. U JONES.
Chairman.
ii'n )raimT r- i-rr- SIX
THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 21, 1917.
)
Onyx" Hosiery
Odd lot CHIF
FONS and fan'-y
DRESS NETS for
evening wear. 42 in
ches wide. Values up
to $1.2.1 the yaid.
Cleaii-lip price -yd.
ALLOVER LACES
in filet and venise
IS inches wide 1 to
Si yard lengths. Val
ues up to $7 the yd.
Clean-up price yd.
98c
Odd lot Chiffon
Edge. 3 to 9 indies
wide, while ground-"
embroidered in col
ors. Values to $1.3."
4 AA
Fancy Hosiery Is the tiling now. A" are showing u
wide assortment of novolly checks .d stripes i;i many
colors 1m luc'.ini; some very recent arrivals. Special values
in ONYX" silk lioso at $1.25 and $1.50 tl.c pair.
yard. Clean-up prue
the yard
25c
J 50c
Action-Getting Prices on all Remaining WINTER APPAREL-You'll Do Well to Come
TO SELL AND DO IT QUICKLY, WE ARE PUTTING A LOW PRICE PRESSURE ON EVERY FALL AND WINTER GARMENT IN STOCK. THERE'S A LOSS BUT, THEN.
THATS A PENALTY TH.S STORE IS WILLING TO PAY TO THOROUGHLY CLEAN UP EACH SEASON, IN SEASON. THE REMARKABLY LOW PRICES ON GOOD FASHION
ABLE APPAREL, WARRANTS US IN REGARDING TOMORROW, AS A RECORD-BREAKING SALE DAY. IF YOU LIVE WITHIN REACH OF THIS STORE, IT WILL PAY YOU
TO COME BECAUSE WE ARE MOVING OUT THE MERCHANDISE AT PRICES YOU'LL BE WIILL1NG TO PAY. COME EARLY IN THE MORNING IF YOU CAN.
8
9
3
d wmji i m w www
a hi. www ,
ms
v
QQ
ft
-vs. ! ;,
I ! . .L -V,
WHff I i W V .
1 i -as
f r
fill
A SUIT SELLING event that from a fashion and value-giving view point stands out
alone-Splendid assortment to select fronl
We'd be putting it in a mild way if we said these suits were wonderful values they are more than that there's something to
them besides just value there's quality, fine workmanship and smart styles. Being sincere in your desire to save money oi
wearing apparel, you'll be richly rewarded by taking advantage of the extraordinary values offered in this sale.
W4 U; ft7
Lot ! consists of 25 suits sizes up
to 44 in materials of Wool Poplins,
Gaberdines, French Serges and Whip
Cords, beautifully trimmed in large
velvet collars and cuffs, silk braids
and nutrea plushes.
Stilts formerly to $18.75
5
One Lot of Serge DRESSES at ONE-HALF PRICE
Lot 2 consists of' 35 fine suits in
sizes up to 46. Materials of French
Serges, Yool Poplins, Gaberdines
and fancy Checked Velours. The
season's most fashionable models in
black, navy blue and brown.
Suits formerly to $25.00
$
One special lot of Suits in materials of Broad
cloths, French Serges, Wool Poplins and Gaber
dines, in black and colors French blue, Russian
green,, brown, navy and burgundy. Smartlv
trimmed in genuine fur bands, fur buttons, vel
vets and braids. These prices should carry them
out in a hurry.
$27.50 SUITS FOR $13.50
$30.00 SUITS FOR $15.00
$35.co surrs for $17.50
$40.00 SUITS FOR $20.00
$50.00 SUITS FOR $25.00
$6o.co surrs for $30.00
We're determined that every dress shall
go priced them: accordingly creating one
of the season's best opportunities to get a
stylish garment at a low price. Sizes from
14 years for Misses up to 47 for women.
Dresses that are splendid values at regular
prices.
$ 7.50 values . .$3.75
$ 8.50 values . .$4.25
$10.00 values ..$5.00
$12.00 values . .$6.00
$12.50 values; ..$6.25
$13.75 values '. .$6.S
$15.00 values . .$7.50
-All Silk Afternoon DRESSES Reduced--
The season's best styles in Satins, Taffetas, Georgette Crepes, fine
French Serges and combinations of Taffeta and Georgeite Crepe. Ex
quisitely embroidered in bead and wool embroidery; also fine laces, large
collars and vestee effects are shown in many models.
Values to $20 for
$11.95
$27.50 VALUES FOR $15.00
$42.50 VALUES FOR $22.50
$50.00 VALUES FOR $32.50
$60.00 VALUES FOR $33.50
$75.00 VALUES FOR $45.00
Liberal Reductions on EVENING GOWNS
Here are garments that in style, quality of fabric and workmanship are
the best values Bisbee women ever had the pleasure of selecting from.
The fact that the social seascn is at its height makes these prices all the
more remarkable. A splendid assortment including gowns of silk nets
over metal cloth, chiffon3 over satins, taffetas, crepe de chines with silk
nets, charmuese and lace combinations, pussy willow silks and man)'
combinations with gold and silver laces. White and delicate evening
shades.
$12.50 VALUES .$9.3S
$15.00 VALUES $11.25
$16.95 VALUES $12.72
$22.50 VALUES ..... .$16.88
$25.00 VALUES $18.75
$30.00 VALUES $22.50
$32.50 VALUES $24.38
$35.00 VALUES $26.25
$40.00 VALUES $30.00
$45.00 VALUES $33.75
4
v
1 n r;lW
WHS
7 ti i
: f - i
ri - l-a
El
Trw mifrmrimt
tllurrnlrl ia
Vku-lXVl iiOO
The undying joy
of the world's greatest music
enters your life with a Victrola
It has been truly said: "A life without music is a life
vithout joy."
In the twentieth century that is the same as saying: "A life
without a Victrola is a life without joy."
The Victrola is the greatest instrument in the world because
it alone can gratify every musical whim and desire. The Victrolj
alone can satisfy every musical taste or mood.
" The Victrola alcne can make your home a musical center
' where the world's greatest artists congregate to entertain yo
with the music you love.
Victrolas at $15 and Up
The Easiest of Terms if You Wish Them
A Real Clearance of Children's COATS
Vol tiers will find it Kroatly to their advantage to attend this event. The opportunity to
purchase pood Ftyle coats at ONE-HALF-REGULAR-VALUE, should make a forceful appeal.
Ages 6 to 14 in fancy checks. Knidisli mixtures, Zibelines, heavy coatings and broadcloths.
$4.95 VALUES .$2.48
$5.95 VALUES $2.98
$10.00 VALUES $5.00
V ...
)r ? f
$12.50 VALUES $6.25
$13.75 VALUES $6.98
-$20.00 VALUES $10.00
Children's and Women's
FURS, ONE-THIRD OFF
Sale Women's COATS
Small lot only so if you'r in line for a Rood
coat, better come ir. the morrlnR. Materials ot
faucy tweeds, velours. plusJies, caraculs and
iiiackinaws both long and sport lengths.
Clearing Out BLOUSES at Low Prices
$16.50 VALUES
$25.00 VALUES
$27.50 VALUES
$35.00 VALUES
$50.00 VALUES
. . . .$12.33
....$18.75
....$20.00
. . . .$26.25
....$37.50
One lot tailored waists
in Jap silks, crepe
chine, gloria silk and em
broidered wool Tellings
sizes up to 46 values to
$3.35.
$1.95
One lot fancy dress
Blouse of Georgette
crepe, crepe de chine
and lace and chitTon
combinations splendid
selection Values up" to
$6.95.
$2.95
One lot Blouses of ra
dium silks, striped silks.
Georgette and lace combi
nations, etc. Trimmed with
fine laces, emb. and vestee
effects. Values to $8.50.
$3,95
Up-to-the-minute Styles in Bracelet
WATCHES
and Iiow fully our Jewelry department Is prepared
to meet every expectation in quality, assortment
and prices ts best demonstrated by a visit. Stand
ard and novel shapes in solid and pold-filled cases
fitted with best 7 and 15 jewel movements.
Worthy of special note are the fashionable "green
gold" effects prices rani;e from $15 up to $60.
Jewelry and Watch Repairing Guaranteed
, New Shipment
"WHITTALL" Rugs
If all the hidden quality in "Whittall"
Rugs could be shown on the surface you
would not accept a substitute at any price.
Their wonderful beauty is but 5 reflection
of the excellence of their materials and the
care in their making. Patterns for every
room in the home. We'd enjoy showing
these new patterns to you.
Advance Spring Showing
SPORT HATS
For immediate wear prettiest huts you've seen for
many seasons. Smart Myles cf faille silks In white,
brass, Copen., rose. Kelly preen ind black and white
combinations On display tomorrow In our Milliiu-rJ
depart ment.
$5, $6, $7.50, $10
BucjLir and Royal Society Package Outfits
' on the Bargain Booth Monday at ONE-THIRD OFF
Dozens ot suggestions for the working of
dainty and practical pieces of art work to fill in
the dull months. Sufficient cotton to embroider
article and instructions with each package. Items
include Corset Covers, Combinations, Fudge
Aprons, Boys' Rompers, Children's Drawers,
Childrens Dresses. Guest Towels, Wash Cloths,
Center Pieces, Pillows, Shirt Cases, Dresser
Scarfs, Infants' Dresses, Slips, Bibs and Booties,
Children's Aprons, Boudoir Caps. Knife, Fork
and Spoon Cases, Card Table Covers," 'Work
Bags, Crib Quilts, Bath Mats and Towels.
New Creations in FOOTWEAR for Spring
For daintiness of styles and excellence of
materials and workmanship, these new arrivals
will appeal to the discriminating shopper.
Havana Brown 8-inch lace
boot with Ivory kid tops leath
er Louis heel, at $7.50
Grey Kid 8-inch lace boot
with white kid top-leather Louis
heel ; priced at $7.50
Patent Leather vamps with
white kid top baby Louis heel ;
the pair $6.50
-White Delhia Calf Cuban
heel 8-inch lace white sole
the pair' - $6.50
Women's Comfort Shoes
black kid turned soles made
seamless lace style pair $4.00
Black Poplin Oxford; leath
er tip hand turned sole a sen
sible house oxford pair. $1.75
'i 1
Fabrics and Trimmings Appropriate for Evening Wear
6
A
The selection is unusually large,
giving you a wide range of choice.
Metallic Cloth in silver, gold, pink
and blue, T.6 inch, at the yard $1.50.
Crepe Chiffons in black, white and
evening shades at the yard $1. and
$1.25. DresNet in rose, maize, Co
pen., pink, black and white 44 inch
yard $1.50. Gold and Silver Lacea
from 1 to 36 inches wide. Pearl, Jet
and irridescent Bandings, Flouncing
and Allovers in large assortment.
40-INCH CREPE DE CHINE in white,
cream, light blue, pink, maize and laven
der the yard $1.75
36-INCH CHIFFON TAFFETAS in
flesh. ' pink, maize, cecil. blue and nile
green the yard $1.75 and $2.
36-INCH SATIN ROYAL in comblna
nations of yellow and pink and green and
silver the yard $
40-INCH SATIN in rose at the
yard
$2.50