V
l MINING
SECTION
SOCIETY
SECTION
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL 20. No. 170.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 23, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
- 1
Mining Costs In the
Counfry Bar Using of
Many Low Grade Camps
Cost of Mining and Treating Ore In the State of Arizona is
Enormous. High Grade Ores Must Be Handled In Order
to Return a Profit to the Operators. Reduction of Price
of Metal Would Be Fatal to Industry In the State.
The cost of mining and treating
rresent time from $9.75 to $55.00.
equipped producers, owning their own reduction service. The small pro
ducers or ore, leasers and operators, range from $15.00 to the top figure, and
some of them would probably go over the tter ir they got in all of their
time and incidentals. In these costs, no tax is figured.
With such cost figures it is readily apparent that high grade ores must
be handled. The $55.00 figure will allow or the treatment of nothing much
short of 25 per cent ore. That is bonanza material and is around only in
hatful quantities as a rule In the best mines. The average small operator
or leaser can gather enough of it as a rule to pull his average shipment to
around 15 per cent, but it is straining a point for most of them to do this,
and with less he cannot get by. The largest producers are requiring an
average of better than 3 per cent with which to get by. notwithstanding their
possession of all the facilities requisite to the making of cheap copper.
With a somewhat higher metal market both the large and small produc
ers cculd and would increase their output of ore and metal. The small pro
ducer would do so because he would be enabled to handle more of the material
he takes out, shipping it instead of putting it on the dump to await the coming
of a metal price that w ill enable him to ship it to smelter. Precisely the same
reason prevails with the large shipper, plus the fact that with a higher
market he would have so much more opered ground in which he could
work an increased number of men. All the big mines in the state have
this opened ground from which they are excluded by the present price of
metal, because the ore it contains is of too low grade to stand mining and
treatment on a 23'4-cent market It Is true that in some mines in the state j
hundreds of thousands of dollar have been expended in the last two years
with openings into their leaner grounds as the market has advanced to;
higher levels, the lean ground being cloeed as the metal price receded. It J
costs a great deal of money to return to ground of this character from, time to j
time, but if the operators were assured
mining of the ore over any given period, they would get into it again wits
all speed and with the increased working forces that would be justified.
Price Reduction Fatal.
Reduction of the market price of
"
"year, attended by the closing down of
, t - . u-..
ties, wn.cn oes.aes at present uu,5
highly valuable service in developing
cent. Some silver, lead and gold properties would be cut out of production
as well as the small copper properties, and possibly a few of the larger
M .
ones, the silver, lead and gold producers referred to comprising a number
who are dependent upon side values In copper to pull them through on their
costs as to sustain development from which U-ey are getting ore.
These thinrs are not so because the operators of the mininc prooerties
would have them that way or can avert
cause mining cannot be carried on at a
ness enterprises. Mining, indeed, can
because when its stock in trade, which
placed and the lost profits picked up
from the manufacturer. Once gone from the mine, the ore is gone forever,
and if sold at a loss that loss is for good and alL
The figures given above were gathered by the Arizona Chapter A. M. C
through the personal efforts of committeemen in the dk'ferent mining dis-
tricts of the state with realization of
neces3ity of gathering the facts relative
the large in order that there might be
wouli make it plain there that while in
might stimulate production among the larger producers, in practice it could velopment work being done throush-
.... . . ,. . . . i out the state on a more extensive
not work that way at alL The exact opposite result must attend for the.and baianoed scale than ever
reason that the big producers can no more make profit, from low grade ores j befoe is of highest importance. The
on a low metal price market Uian can
use the low grade ores they can not
available high grade ores are limited
Costa
Costs attending the mining and
about two cents the pound over the state since the price of copper was
fixed at 23i cents in September. Where ore is concentrated before going
to the smelter, the increase in cost has been still greater. The advance in
fuel has been a main item in the creation of the higher cost of copper pro
duction. Advances have also occurred in other supplies. The higher cost
of fuel, and the prospect that it will advance still more, however, is the main
cause of present concern. In some camps they have turned to cutting wood.
Adding two cents to copper cost on board car at the smelter, and then
adding 2i cents for freight and electrolytic charges before the copper is
put on the market in New York, reduces the price actually being received
for the output of the Arizona smelters at 18 rents. War taxes are yet to
be adied to cost and will range from
panics to 12 cents the pound for others. Acecpting the minimum of three
cents, copper will be put on the market
instead of 234 cents. Because of higher wares and higher cost of all sup
plies. 15 cents the pound for copper ia less than 12 cents represented in 1914.
The approximate figures are based upon returns from all over the state.
a ton of ore in Arizona ranges at the
The lower figure is that of the better
of a price that would justify the ; ,
copper below 23t cents would mean
more than 100 small shipping proper-
.. ... . . : . :
. .u u,.. u,u, .mu.
new mineral areas. Decrease in labor
tate would be more than 25 per
such consequences, but simply be -
los any more than can other busi-
stand lesa than any other business.
is its ore. is gone, it cannot be re-j
on profits from new stocks ordered
the requirement for accuracy and the!
to the small producers as well as
information at Washington which
theory a lower price for th-i metal
the little producers, and If they ran not
get out the quantity of copper, for the
In extent In all mines.
Increase.
smelting of copper ore have increased
three cents the pound for some com-(
in New York for actually 15 cents
FOR
V Yv r - " : STOftE HOUSE
PplK i r v ,
"iiring out ail
They apply equally to copper produc-j
ers throughout the west, those of
some of the other states being indeed I
under more of a burden of costs than S
j Arizona. As applied to the small pro-i
ducer. the leaser and the little opera
tor. their burden is of course much '
greater. The small producers havei
heavy costs in all instances for trans-j
Donation, both of ore and suDDlies. !
which are minimized by the big pro-
ducers with their own railroad facili-;
,ies direct to mine and plants. The :
small nroducer also has chares fonWW iianuaru ne aoan.toiHM tor ut-.
; ore reduction to meet which must be i nietallism has aroused great interest
jsed on allowance or a fair profit for j among ; New MmnitiM -
! the smelter. For electrolytic treat-! cial leaders. WliUe practically all are,
; ment n tne east and freight to theisreed that something must be done
j Ne York market he pays the same to provide ji Jaff tor u'e
'as the larg producer, and ad Is, as the Pending credit needs of the world.
large producer does, the commission ! there is considerable UiiTereure of;
i for marketing his metaL So the I opinion regarding the proper course t;
' small producer as a matter or fact ;
.must naTe a considerably higher!
I . - - . i a i
retura irom nis ore man me large " "T" '
producer or he cannot possibly get Placing silver on a parity with gold.!
y He gets hisrner bvlta ratio to be established later, and
mining high grade. When he is de-! he the Cnited States Great Britain;
'pleted of that, he is through. His ' and France make the change simnlta-,
j gition is in a price for the neously. With these three nations,
metal that will enable him to lower, commuted to D.nietauism. an otner, - ' . """" ,i
the average value or his shipments, 'nations would be practically com- I think all financial authorities would
Hardshns for Mines. 'pelted to accept it. If the double he in favor of it as the lesser of two
A siightlv higher price for copper ! Mrndard Is actually adopted it is evils." he said. ' There is nothing in
metal would enable the conduct not ' thought likely that a value of $1 an , the proposal to scare anybody be
onlv of greaer output but also ot : ounoe will be placed on silver in place , cause such a change would take a
much greater development work. In
Ttne endeavor to open new areas ma .
place greater metal resources in read
iness for the emergency needs of the
government should the war continue
over a much loneer period, the de-
better balance is due to the fact that. i mese loans, are maae payable m goiu.
much or this work is being made to there cannot be sufficient supply of Put is the amount of the bonds ex
pay its own way. or a considerable metal for all of these manufacturers reeds the total gold in the world many
portion of the bill, and is therefore in X-w England and the middle west times over, it is clear that to pay
keeping down extravacance and mak- and eastern states. They have had : them ull in gold would be a physical
Ing the money involved do double ' experience of the fact during the last : Impost ibilily.
jwork. Reduction in the price of cop-,
I w4 v u wiii nv.in, t (t. V Hi:.. .-IUU41 I . l.T" UI Hie J1 1 vT III lien lie
while an increase would make rrom copper they have needed to fill private ran or. a plat torni demanding the free
25 to 50 per cent gain. contracts, and they have had to lay and unlimited coinage of silver on a
More involved and with a great deal off operatives in consequence M.iuy ; basis o." sixteen ounces of silver to one
more at stake than anybody else is of them have figured that the short-j of go'd were aroused by the proposed
the metal operator and the employed ae of copper was entirely due to ; desertion of the gold standard. It was
miner, mill and smelter worker or the strikes in the mining districts anil pointed out that hlle Mr. Bryan's
larger concerns. The small operator that with these now pretty well plan was quite similar to that now
races the necessity or coming to a : cleared up and the eastern refineries i proposed, he wanted to have the Cnit
standstill and perhaps losing his prop- again receiving normal shipments, it j ed States adopt it "without reference
erty, particularly so if he has a lease. , w ill be but a short time before there ' to the other nations or the world."
The workingman confronts the re- is more copper than they can use. I especially Kngland. which was at that
duction ot operating Torres, made nee-. The strikes of course curtailed copper; time opposed to bimetallism because
essary by the minine or higher grade outp-it. but rising rosts have had a j the stock or gold was then adequate
ores in order to hold output or metal part and ill have more, and If ' for the credit structure or the world,
somewhere near normal tisures and roupl.d with reduction in the metal U the plan Is put into effect it will
earn profit that will enable provls- price Instead of advance will neces-: he after agreement has been reached
! .sons against the needs of the future
in the mine and its plants
In the east there Is a division that
' will be about a hard hit as the
people of the mining districts. The
.eastern division comprises the cm-
1 ployers and employes engaged in the
output of copper and brass products. 1
Unless the output of metal from the
west is maintained at top figures,
CHRISTMAS "OVER TIIERIV
c'rc ns. Vc ii rjc era tcti -
7ojji Tn
Practical Says
One Authority
Xews from Washington that Secre-;
tary .McAdoo and uiemN-rs of con-,
re taking up for ,iis,istion the, in tlK- world, it would appear that the
suggestion first put forward by Kug-jnew plan would be a benefit to us.
- monetary autnoruies tnai tne
oring tnis about,
The plan now being discussed at
W o l intrtAn o cii) f n rr- i4k t
or tee 6ent price recently an-,
uruui-m m uu.uisiu.i. -
Albert Kreton. vice pre.nient ot tue
Guaranty Trust company, said recent-'
ly that there is no sound reason
against a metallic standard if the,
leading-nations a!! asree to it.
"New that we are a lending instead
of a borrowing nation.- said Mr. Bre-jtUe
ton, -any sound arrangement that
quarter, in tahich they have tnn J
sarily result in as much and per.'iaps
more corper snortaee tnnn was
brought about by the strikes. Neither
the larrer nor the small producers
can weather less than cost prices, no
matter how courageouslv and success-
fully they may go through strike
periods to a prorit making price period
awaiting them on the other siie of
the trouble.
: -.ur.Vicl'-
U .ft 1
art - r Chririuas. l 17."
! wculd (xjiaud our lending capacity
wou'.d be a good thing. If we could
: base our credit capacity on our huge
I stock ot silver as well as gold we
v.uuM he In a Dosition to finance the
' w , w ffcj raiAnelnirthul tov-i.l aft.
er peace cmes on a mnoh more ex-
I tensive scale than our present restric-
tions rlliiw. As we are, with Mexico,
ty far the largsl proilu.-ers of silver
Ttiina and India are now the only
,.,,, ri,.o a silver basis, but t.'iere
are )0 overwhelming difficulties in
ug the Ussesied vhange. If the
ioadil;e natHn auree that silver shall
rvardlHi equally with gold as a
Man-lard or value, the other questions
yiMo to hinder the effective working
of hp Jll;M woum p, comparatively
,riviaL-
That bimetallism might prove a cure
for the inflation which now threatens
our currencv was suggested to a New
rnmn"ierrii inreentrive hv
j h."",. T rtarner &
-
If bimetallism could be demon-
long ...m- . carry V"1 r
. .
i -i-u.u . ... 9U..j.x.
fr international negotiation" t
Other bankers pointed out Ihat
there is a great deal of popular nils-
t conception axut gold, especially as
i regard the huge external loans of all
great powers. It is true, they
saii. that the bonds which represent
Memories of Itryan's first campaign
hy Kngland. Frame and this country.
issues ot lint money by uermanyiave
re.n hal such a disparitv to the gold
stock on hand that no attention would
have to be pafj to that country in any
arrangement made by the allies and
the I'rited States among themselves,
! Pmt. R. M. Raymond of Columbia
university, a recognized authority in
'the practical mineral sciences, be-
010 DOMINION WINS
CASE FAR REACHING
IN ITS IMPORTANCE!
A dcvfcinn in favor of ihe Old Do-J
minin-.i Mining & Smelter company I
was rcnilt-reil several days ago by thel -jury
in the I'nited States district . ,
court in ihe rase of Fank Alien ' Authority on Metal Says That
against ine company, l lie suit. Das
j ed on the alleged negligence of the
, company, and was for the recovery of
, $25.rt whirh Alien alleged was due
him for injuries received while he
, was n the employ of the company.
, The decision was unanimous.
, This is believed to be one of the
j most important derisions that has
been handed down during this ses
i sion of the court. It establishes that
I in the opinion of the jurymen, the
' mine owrers are observing all the
j laws and statues regulations pro
I vided hy the slate.
In ll.e coin plaint Allen alleged he
! wrnt to work for the company last
I January as a power drill operatic on case here it is u-ed for war pur
the K0O level, ani that whiie so ; pos adj.p.aMl an4 emlurin to
leraploved he contracted tuberculosis! , . ,
(or the lungs and that after March'? m:,rkd therefore Is be-
.14 ne was unable to work because t '"K used for a thousand and one
!of the disease. U was alleged thatjthinrs associat.nl chiefly with muni-the-
disease was the result of thelian4- ,rttlmpkiar telephoning, ship
dust nnd gases ia lhe mine. Allen . ,n(1 mwiw, buiUinK Io,.omotiTts, raiI.
i alleged that the mine was not well rr ..i ,
ventilftted and that sprinkling de-
, vices were not supplied us provided
J by the state law.
The company claimed in their de
j fense that springing devices wvre
... .
had never at'.ked for one. It was
Riirnltl in mpn unit lh.tr lion
also claimed by the company that the
.mine was well ventilated.
John Harper, deputy state mine In
spector, testified at the trial that
hen he inspected the mine he found
the company was complying with his
interpretation of the state laws re
garding ventilation and the use of all
safety devices, which interpretation
the jury"s verdict confirms.
Another Boost
For Prospect In
Globe District
Another boost for the Xew Domin
ion Corper company was made last
week when a large payment was made
on the property through the Gila Val
ley Bank and Trust company. The
amount paid by the company totaled
approximately $50,000. The company
has no further payments due till Au
gust. 191 S. Ti.is is good news to the
stockholders, particularly because it
will pel mil the management to expend
' mou"y, quickly to he available, in
sinking the shaft to the liio level
XgotiatiHis are now under way for
araph funds to place this property
under full development.
A recent strike of a substantial
body of 11 per cent ore on the SiH
level, together with considerable
picked ore running 30 per cent cop
per glance, has caused a stir In finan
cial circles. President R. E. Vandrutf
brings the news of bright financial
prospects to the local board of direc
tors. i tie cvriH.r.uou romiu.iu uas
sued a citatum requiring the original U ,hown a mon,n!r ruirvment f
pool to be completed, and the an-, m.lKM) tons against which there nas
druff interests, with associated par-; been a production for October of
ties, have voluntarily pooled more ,boul s5-000 toBS ,nd N-ovrmN,r rt.
than the amount required of them : ' 0(vk) u.ns witn rraJua, m.-rease In
hence the little flurry over stock prospect and available for market as
s ipped out or the pool has prac- refin-d copper by V.rch or April next
tlcally subsided, and the sky is ap-iof U5.WH) tons monthlv
parently clear of all practical diff I-' Tae worM h4 Kwt a priH,U(.,ion
cultj. Many of the persons who m-; because of strikes and lowering of
advertently purchased private stock ! prw 0f at least l.0o0 tons which
required to be pooled bave. without . ran never be made up. This lot pro
solicf.ation. sent their stock to the ; duction of the nasi ii month, t. in
corporation commission in order that
the pool may be completed. This
lMiii ..i iv-.'iTaiH'n on iiiv Kiri ot
individual stockholders is gratifying
to the company.
Thirty per cent reduction In alco
holic and food content of beer means
an estimated annual saving of $l..7t.
000 by St. Louis breweries alone. Kx
perts assert jw.OOO bushels of barley.
uses under the new order, which is I Wf 'nu pply largely exceeds de
fective Januarv 1. IMS. I "d' "",d ,,hw ,ls not hM '
; j ralii.Hl dnring the war as not only
, have the producers to provide for the
lietes that the switch to a bimetallic j great war demand in all probability
currency is inevitable. i up to the signing of peace, but for the
"If there is a shortage of gold, it is i insistent domestic demand for Indus
a permanent one." he said. "The try w hich is calling for all the copper
world cannot turn out more cold than , it ran get and would take as much
It is producing now. Its mines are more if it were to he had.
working at top-notch. South Africa . .
anl America never mined more gold (
than at present and Mexico is now
produslr.g near her maximum.
"The chances are that Mexican
mines now running at full blast will i down cperations at Its Sparrow Point
last only a few more years. Alaska j pla'nt. One blast furnace and a bat
already has been pretty well picked tery of coke ovens have already been
over. While it is possible that new shut down and by Monday It is ex
fields may be found in that country. I peered employee will be Idle,
up to tre present time there are no ,
Indications of new spots to take the.
place of those now being worked out. The Argentine government paid aft
It is probable that gold production recently a maturing $5,000,000 issues
will be diminished rather than in- of S per cent note sold to a ayndicate
creased. Siberia will mine more as tt ' of New oYrk bankers In Peeember.
U opened, but that is some time In 1?14. The transaction eomple'ea pay
the future and It should be remem-'ment of all money borrowed by Ar
bered that it will need this gold gentine In this country since tha out
Itself. I break of the war.
mm
MM
TALKS ABOUT THE
COPPER STATUS
if Market Had Been Left
Alone That It Would Be
Now Selling at Near Forty
Cents.
t'n irle Hayden of Haydon, Stone
& Co.. says concerning the copper sit
uation: "Copier is a metal that stands in
a cla.w by itseif. it is unluue in that.
generally speaking, there is no suh-
stitutj for it: particularly is this the
"Copper is in a unique position, and
if th- market had been left to take
care ot itself, supply and demand be
ing the controlling factors, the prK
woull today be 4 cents p-r pound
t ...
allu oniainaiJie pven
i filr.
at t-viat
m.- h, ,hat ...ir., ,,
, i,
litue production was at top notch and
the 1" nited States was buying on a
peace basis practically nothing. Com
pare that period mith the present.
Now the I'niteU States is using vast
quantities of the metal and because
Of priority given to execution and
shipment of all its orders the copper
is withdrawn from the market in
stantly. "This country promises to he the
largest consumer of copper for wxr
purples ia tie worll because of tun
fact that so much U needed now and
forthwith in preparation of equip
ment here and abroad M. h repre
sents j fcsolutely new busiuess. This
part of the war business, tttl of pre
paration, has long since been complet
ed by. the allies and now they are
working ror the most part on muni
tions (c which this country is just be
ginning. "A to the statistical position, the
public records show exports averag
ing 4i.iH0 tons monthly for first 10
mon-iis of l!ll compared with 27.SOO
tons tor same period or ISIS, a gain
of 4t per rent. The exports for the
first f?ve months averaged 47.WO
tons; for scnm.i five months the aver
age was :3.i tons; scarcity of
steamship tonnage, was rhietlv re.
I sponsible for the falling off.
"The record of shipments January
, to May is fairly representative of
nai tne exports are likely to be rrom
now on. We will asunie. therefore,
that the allies and rnreigu Industrie
will require approximately per month
50.WM tons, and that "the United
States government and domestic in
dustries will take, if any. when it ih
to be had. Der month ftS f... .K.
jn connection with the entrv of Uie
fnitej States into the market as a
uwjer. nas orougm about an acute
shortage in supply, and notwithstand
ing the producers' committee Is its
trtbuting the output with absolute
impartiality and on the principle of
the greatest good to the greatest num
ber, the selling agencies are said to
be at present time more than a month
behin I In taking rare of their orders.
lilts condition will not correct tt-
The Baltimore dispatch says the
Bethlehem Steel company, because of
coal shortage recently began closing TWO
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 23, 1917.
Decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States in the "Open Shop" Case Rendered
December 10, 1917, in Which the Highest
Court of the Land States the Law Govern
ing Unions in Seeking to Enforce the
Closed Shop.
The Codrt says "The right of ac
tion for persuading an employee
tc leave his employer is univer
sally recogaized and it rests u:.-on
the fundamental priacipks of fun
eral application."
"Defendants st up by way of
justification or excuf e tee right of
working men to form unions and
to enlarge their membership by
inviting other workmen to join.
The neat is freely conceded, pro
vided the objects of the union be
proper aud legitimate. The card
inal error "of defendants' position
lies in the assumption that
rifcht is so absolute that it ntr.y be
txercised under any circum
stances and without any qualnie
ation: whereas in truth, like .-iliei'
rights, they exist in civ.lintd so
ciety it must always be exercised
with reasonable regard f.-r tr.e
conflicting rights of others.
The familiar iu-xim "So ar. your
iwn tights as not to lnjtve tl.al
of anotaer person" applies V con
flicting rizuis of every 'descrip
tion." '"The employer was an' is en
titled to tire good will ct his em
ployees precisely as a rj-?r t'lan
is entitled to the pood will of his
customers, although the arc un
der no obligation to coi.ijue 'o
deal with him. The vr.ltv if tlte
relation lies in the rcajt-iiMde
jrobability that by properly treat
ing its eaiployeas and by paying
tuem fair wages and avoiding
reasonable grounds of complaint,
it will be able to retain thetn in
:s employ. The pecuniary value
ct such reasonable probabilities
is incalculably great and is recog
nized by the iaw. first : Inten
l "anally to do that which is cal
'iulaed in the ordinary course of
events to damage, ard which does
in iact daruase another' in that
other person's property or trade
is actionable if done without just
cause or excuse. And tl.e inten
tional infliction of ssca damage
upon another without justifica
tion -r excu-e is malicious in
Law."
"Another fundamental error in
defendant's position consists in
the assumption that ail measures
that may be resorted to are law
ful ir they are 'peaceable' that
is. if they stop srert of physical
violence, or coercion through fear
01 it. In our 'jpicion. any viola
tion of plaintiff's legal rights,
contrived by def'-r.dants for the
rprpose of inflicting damace, cr
having that as its necessary ef
fect, is as plainly inhibited by the
law as if it involved a breach of
the peace. A combination to pro
cure concerted breach of contract
by plaintiffs employees consti
tutes such a vioiatf.'n."
The derision in lull is as follows:
Hichrr..m Coal & Coke Company.
PfUiicner, vs. Joba Mitchell. Indivi
dually. T. I- Lewis. Individually, V.
i. VVil.-on. Individually, et al.
This was a suit in equity, commenc
ed October 24, 19'j7. in the United
S'ate Circuit fa'-erwaras District)
Court for the Northern Distrtct of
West Virginia, by the Hitchman Cobl
& Coke Company, a corporatrl'n or
ganized nnder the laws of the State
of West Virginia, arainst certain cit
izens of the Stata of Ohio, sued in
dividually and also as officers of the
I'nited Mine Workers of Amerira,
Otier non-i::z(ns of plaintiff's State
vere named as defendants but not
terved with process. Thoe no were
served and who answered ihe bill
were T. L. Ltiris. Vice Irt:sident 'it
the C. M. W. A. and of the Interna
tional I nion 1'. M. W. A.; William
tireen. L). 11. Sii'livan. and ' G orge"
V". Savage, (bis rorrect Christian is
Gwilym- respectively I'rctident. Vic?
l're-riiient. and Secretary-Trea-'uror cf
District No. S. I. M. W. A ; ad A. R.
Walkms, John Zelt-nka. and Lee Ran
kin, respectively President. Vice Tres
irient. an l secretary-Treasurer of Sub
Liistrict No. 5 of District Nc. 6.
I'laintii'f owns about ."f"0 ate- of
cal lands situate at or near Ben wood,
in Marshall County. West Virginia,
and within hat is known as the "Pan
Handle iJistrit" jf tliat ?tale. and
operates a coal min thereon, rmplny
iii3 beimeen 'Z ard TfiO men. and
rart:i!- an snnual cutout, in ard he
fore mn7, of abt.t r.ift.fioi) tons. At
f e time of the fii.r.g of the bi:i. and
f r a -,nsi'1prb:P time before and
ever ?;nT. it orera-d its mine '"nnn
itnio'i."" utniiT an a.trermeut with its
nirn to the effect 'hst the mine shredd
ic run on a noo unrm aSTs. that the
tmpioyees shoiiM n-t bemme connect
ed "i'h the I'nton whtle employed by
plair.iifi. and that if they ji:ned it
their cn.pr j ment with ptatn'iff should
cease. Tne bill set forth these facts,
inter alia, alleged t.iat tr.ey ere
known t def.mda'its and each of them,
and that the sj:i de!-ndints havf
l'LUfi:i;- r.'I iiioiicious'y Krei to
gether. c;.i.'efira'-(l. corttbined and
forn.ei tin ms ! v& .n; a Mispirac) .
the purjiose o ti'i ch tliey ar pro-ct-d
n: to carry on and are n-w atout
to finally arroitipi;sli. namely: to
cause yo'ir orattr's nitrie to f sh'it
donn. its plant to nntain idl". its
contracts to be brakes ana unratrTT'eo.
untii such time as vo'ir traior shall
submit tt the deiuaud of the t'm-n
that it shall utiior.tze its plan', and
having stib.i'ted to pmh frm.'nl
nniotoze its ptint hi eirployi;i2 or,l
union inrn to s:;it! t-.-co-ic snhjft
t the orJers of the I'rion." ct--. Th
general ohiect of tbe hi!! i.- to oV
ta;n an in jonc tiva restrain c!cfenJ
ants from interfering with the relv
; tion existing between plaintiff and i
its tmplovees in order to compel plain-j
; tiff to ' unionize" the mine.
1 A lestraining oroer having beej
granted, followed by a temporary in-!
junction, liie served defendants fileo
, answers, ai:d tliereupon made a mo-,
tion i"j modi.'y tht injunction, which
was lefused. 172 Fed. Kep. S63. An
appeal taiten by defendants from this :
order was dismissed by the Circuit
Court of Appeals. 176 Fed. Rep. 549. ;
Afterwards they applied for and ob
tained leave to withdraw their answers
and file oihers; thS order. hoever.
presczibed that the withdrawn answ
ers were 'not to be removed frcm the
fiie." Tiie new answers cemed .
material avertments cf the bjll. some
of hkh had been admitted in the for-i
mer answers. Plaintiff, having filed
replications, 'jbtained an order that .
the former answers should be treated ,
as evidence on behalf of the plaintiff
: upen the issue joined. I'pon this evi
; der.re ani other evidence the result'
that a final decree was made January
la. IMS. granting a perpetual injnnc-
tion. 20; Fed. Rep. 512. This was '
reversed by the Circuit Court of Af
peals June i. 1914 (ttU Fed. Rep. 6S5),
'bt the mandate as stayed pending
an ippliaticn to this court for a writ
cf certiorari- Afterwards an appeal
; was olio wed. This court dismissed the :
aripeaU but granted the writ of certfjr-;
ari (211 U. S. 644), the record on ap
peal to stand as a return. ;
i The final decree of the District i
Court included an award of injunction '
against John Xlitcleil. W. B. Wilson
and Thomas Hughes, w ho while earned
as defendants in the bill were sot j
served w ith process and entered no ap-.
pearance except to ohject to the juris-:
diction of the court Viver them. Under
. the federal practice t.le appearance to
object did not bind these parties to
sutarit to the jurisdiction on the over
rules f the objection (Harknes3 v..
H . de. 9S U. S. 475. 47S: Southern Pa
cific Co. t. Denton. 146 U. S. 202. 206: .
Mexican Central Railway v. Pinkney, ;
119 V. S. 151, 2"9: Goldey t. Morning
N'jws, Irf V. S. 51?: Davis v. C. C. C.
& St. L. Ry.. 217 1. S. 157. 174). and
since the injunction operates 'only in
prrsor.am. it was erroneous to include
them as iefeudants. It also was er
renjous to include personal relief by
injunction against certain named par
ties who. pending suit, were chosen ;
tv succeed some of the original de-:
. fer.daats as off'cers of the Interna-'
tlonal. district, and sub-district un.'jns. I
but who were not served with process
and did not appear, they being inclod-'
ed upon the ground that they were "be-!
' fore the court by representation
through service having been had upon .
th?tr said rred'exssors in office." This t
is not a representative suit within the ;
meaning of Equity Rule TS: nor i j
' there such privity between the holder i
of an offire in a voluntary association
and his successor as t" bind the latter
by process issued arainst the former, i
Bj these procedural difficulties do!
not affect that part of the decree '
which awarded an injunction against
the answering defendants ILewis,;
Green. Su!livan. Savage. Watkins. Zel
eck. and Rankin) "individually" and
net as officers of the Union or its
' branches except as to Savage, against
w hom the decree goes in both indi-:
vidual and Official capacities, he alone
raving re'ained at the time of the final
decree the same office he held at the
beginning of the suit. If there was ,
error in excluding the "ofiV'.n?" re
sponsibility of the othets. it was not ;
one of which they co'.iM cotnpl.nn. and,
h was not assigre f ir error upon ,
their appeal to the Circuit Court of,
"ppeals. If tlu?y were subject to in-juni-tfjn
at all. they were so in their
individual capacities. Whether the in
junction w ill bind their successors in
officj. or their fel'ow-menibers of ihe
Union, will depend upon questions of
confederacy, aeency. notice, and the
like, which may be determined here-!
after, under due process of law. if and ;
when proceedings are taken to erforoe !
the injunction against parties other i
than the answering defendants. The
clause in the decree enjoining, as con-1
federates, all present and future mem-
bers jf the Union, without naming,
them, is brutuni fulnien in the absence ;
of proof of confederacy submitted;
hereafter aealnst particular members '
sought to be held for violating the sn-
junction; its inclusion is not a mat-'
ter oi which the answering defendants '
may complain, nor was it assign-; a.- ,
error. f
We proceed, therefore, to consider
the rase as it stands apainst the an
swering defendants. '
The District Court based its decis -n :
ut.'in two rrounds: (1) That ttie or-j
ionization known as the United Mtne '
Workers of America, and its branches.'
83 conducted and managed at the time
cf i he suit and for many years before.:
as a common-law conspiracy in un
reasonable restraint of trade, and also
and especially a conspiracy aeamst
te richts of the r.'m-ur.ioTi miners in
West Vifgir:: and (2) That the de
fendants, in an effort to compel the
plaintiff to enter into contractual rela
tions with the Union relating to the
employment of labor and the. produc-'
tion of coiil. altho'.ich having knol-j
edue of express contracts existing be
tween plaintiff and its emp.vyees
which excluded relations w ith the
Union, endeavored by unlawful means
to procure a breach of these contracts
by the employees"
A brief recital of previous transac
tions between the parties b.'comes
material. The UnVn is a voluntary
a:i. imincorporate.l asxiation wh'cli
s orrrn'.-.e;! in 'he ycr iv?n in the
States cf Ohio and Indiana, and after
wards .!. ertemiet i' other ta:e .
It is made up of national or "ititernj.-
tioTial" district, sub-district, and local
unions. District No. 6 comprises the
coal districts of Ohio and the Pan
handle of West Virginia. Sub-distMct
Xo. 5 of that District comprises five
counties and parts of counties in Ohij.
and the Panhandle.
The n. wering defendants were and
are active and influential members
lcaders uf the Union, ts well as Of
ficers. Savage. Lewis, and Sullivan
have been members from its forma
tion in 1890. and have held important
offices in it and attended the national
conventions. The others are long-time
memoe."s, and possessed an influence
indicated by the offices they held, but
not 1 nulled to the duties of those of
fices. From 1S97 to 1906 what were kfjwn
as joiit interstate conferences were
held mnualry or biennially between of
ficials ol the Union and representa
tives c-f the operators in the "CectrU
Competitive Field" (which inc.d?s
Western Pennsylvania, Ohio, Inlirnvj
and Illinois, but not West Vlrg nta).
for to purpose of agreeing upon the
scale ot wages and the conditions of
employment in that field. In addition
there were occasional conferences of
the same character affecting other
States and districts.
Plaintiffs mine is within the ter
ritorial limits of Sub-District No. 5 of
District Xo. 6. Coal-mining operations
were commenced there in the ' early
part of the year 1902. and the mine
was operated "non-unfon until April.
1903, when, nnder threats from the
Union officials, including defendants
Watkins and Sullivan, that a certain
unionized mine in Ohio, owned by the
same proprietors, would be closed
down if the men at the Hitchman were
not allowed to organize, plaintiff con
sented to the unionization Xf the lat
ter mine. This went into effect on the
first of April. 1903, and open the very
next day the men were called out cn
strike because of a disagreement with
the company as to the' basis upon
which mining should be paid for. The
strike continued until May 23. requir
ing plaintiff to cease operations and
preventing it from fulfilling its con
tracts, the nitet important of which
was one for the daily supply of engine
ccal to the Baltimore & Ohio railroad
at a coaling station adjoining the
mine. The financial loss to plaintiff
was serious. The strike was settled
and the men resumed work upon the
basis of modification of the official
mining scale applicable ft the Hitch
man mine.
Again, in the spring of 1904. th'e
was difficulty in renewins the scsle.
A temporary scale, agreed unou be
tween operators and miners for tie
month of April. 1904. was signed in
behalf of the Hitchman company on
the lSth. oi April. Two days later th"
men at the Hitchman struck, aad fie
mine reaiained idle for two months
during which time plaintiff snstainH
seri 3m losses in b isiness and was put
to hea'y expense in obtaining real
from other sources to fill its contract
with i;a Baltimore & Ohio Railroad
compjiv. The strike was settled by
the i lopMon of the Official scale for
the Pa ih.tndle District, with amenda
tory ?o.n. rules for the Hitchman mine.
After this there was little further
trouble until April 1. 1906. when a dis
agreement of operators with which
plaiattif was not connected Uie asso
ciaticn being in fact made up of its
competitors about arranging the
terras ol the scale for the ensuing two
ea. At the same time a similar dis
agreement arose between the oper
ators and the Union officials in tbe
Central Competitive Field. The result
was a termination of the interstate
conferences and a failure to establish
any official stale for the ensul'i i 3
years, followed by widespread .-.irike.
or a number of concurrent strikes, in
volving the most of the bituminou.;
coal-producing districts. There was
absolutely no grievance or ground of
disagreement at the Hitchman mine.
beyond the fact that the mining scale
expired by its own terms n March 31.
and the men had not received author
ity from the Union officials either to
renew it or to agree to a new one if
its place. Plaintiff came to an under
standing with the local union to the
effect that if its men would continue
at work the csmpany would pay them
from April 1st whatever the new scale
mitht be. except that if the new scale
sl.'juld prove to be lower than that
which expired on March 31. thero
shceid be r.o reduction in wages, while
if the sf-ale was ra'sed the eompant
would pv the in.-reased amount, dat
ing it back to April 1st. This was sat
isfactory to the mn: but as the ques
tion cf a new scale was then under dis
cussion at a conlerence between Ibe
oificia's of the Union and the repie-sentat'-ves
of the Operators' Associa
tion, and plaintiffs empyees wished
to get the sanction of their officers,
the manaaer of the Hitchman. mine
goi int3 i onimuniration with those of
ficials, including defendant Green.
President ot District No. 6, and en
deavoied Xj stcure thei assent to the
temporary arrangement, but without
tm rcss. Then a committee -i the
loal union, including lv.iutttierty. its
President, took up llie matter with
Green and received perini-sion to mine
and load engine coal until further not
ice from him. Under this arrange
ment the men remained at work for
aiout two weeks. On April 15th. ds
tendmit ZeYtika. Vice I'r-sidcnt ol : the
Sub IMstrict. visited the mine, called a
nir t'ng of the miners, and H.-;..,!
tin 'it in a fiMeitu tongue, as a re ult
o hi-h they w-nl on strike the
di'y. and Ihe mine was shut iimi r:.'"'
llie 12th of June, when it ri':ii.iiv' : '
'nun union" mine, so far as re!; -'is
with the U. M. W. A. were concerned,
Durtng this strike plaintiff was sub-
Jected to heavy losses and exrraordin- Green took part, tivoiiug tne v.ov o.
ary expenses with respect to its busl- .ur. Lewis uiat strikes should te trva.
ness, of the same kind that had befal- ed nationally iu.uad of 1uiu:.y.
len u curing me previous strides.
About the first or June a self-ap-il u. gen.i.me.i. one reason wa. I 1 lPr part pf October, con.luotina a cam
potnted committee of employees called ; oppcstd ti e policy thai a.- uriu- - ;n f ,,rta:ii tatirn at the i!,it hnian
upon plaintifrs president, stated in;Iast -v,ar was be.-ai:.-e over ;n Vu . : aRj at t!ie net:::. boring Glendale and organising the mine, it has no applica
substance that thev could not remain; we were pccuhaiiy s.taauj. We iia 1 1 cicr'ar.d mine, tion to tnis case. Unionizing the m:n-
rbnger on strike because they were
and asked upon what term they could
return to work. They were told that
they conll come back, but not as mem
bers of the United Mine Workers of
America: that thenceforward the mine
would be run non-union, and the com
pany would deal with each man in
dividually. They assented to this, and
returned to work on a rfbn-union
basis. Mr. Pickett, the mine superin
tendent, had charge of employing the
men. then afterwards, and to each one
who applied for employment he ex
plained the conditions, which were
that while the company paid the waie
demanded by the Union and as much
as anybody else.-the mine was run non
union and would continue so to run:
that the company would not rejcnize
the United Mine Workers of America:
that if anr man wanted to become a
member of that nnion be was at lib
erty to do so: but he could not be a
member of it and remain in the employ
of tbe Hitchman Company: that if he
worked for the company he w'juld bare
to work as a non-union man. To this
each man employed rave hts assrwv
understanding that while he worked
for the company he must keep out of
the Union.
Since January. 190$ (after the com
mencement of the suit), in addition io
having this verbal understanding, each
man has been required to sign an em
ployment card expressing in substance
the same terms. This has neither en
larged njr diminished plaintiffs rights
the agreement not being such as is
required by law to be in writing.
Under this arrangement as to the
terms of employment, plaintiff operat
ed its mine from June 12. 1906. until
the commencement of the suit ia the
fall of the following year. '
During the same period a precisely j
atmllar mthml nf mntormont -htn.l
ed at tne Glendale mine, a property
consisting of about 1200 acres ji coal
land adjoining the Hitchman property
on the south, and operated by a com
pany having the same stockho'ders
and the same management as the
Hitchman: the office of the Glendale
mine being at the Hitchman Ct al &
Coke Company's office. Another mino
ln the Panhandle, known as the Ricn
land. a few miles north nf the Hitch
man, likewise was run "n'jn-uni--n."
In fact, all coal mines in the Pan
handle and elsewhere in West Virgi
nia, except in a small district known
as the Kanawha field, were run "noii-
union." while the entire industry in
uiiio, muuuii ud iiiiuuis was c nrr.u -
ed on the "closed-shop basis, s.i that
no man could hold a job abau:
the
mines unless he was a member of the
United Mine Workers of nterica.
Pennsylvania occupied a i.nddie
ground, "only a part of it being under
the jurisdiction of the Union Oll.et
Sutes need not be particularly nieu -
tioned.
llie unorganizeu
condition of tne
mines in the Panhandle and some oth-
er districts was recognized as a ser
ious interference with the purposes of
the Union in the Central Competitive
Field, particularly as it tended to keep
the cost of pioduction low. and.
through competition with coal produc
ed In the organized field, rendered it
more difficult for the operators there
to maintain prices high enough to in
duce them to grant certain concessions
demanded by the Union. This was the
subject of earnest and protracted dis
cussfon in the annual international
convention of the U. M. W. A. h-dd at
Indianapolis, Indiana, ,in the month of
January, 1907, at which all of the an
swering defendants were present as
delegates and participated in the pro
ceedings. The discussion was based
upon statements contained in ti e an-1
nual reports of John Mitchell, as Pres I
ident of the Union (joined
fendant in the bill but not
process), and of defendant
Vice President, respect in
and consequences of the
and the policy to be adopted b
Union for the future. In these report
it was made to appear that the strike
Vi a .4 k.A. ... ..rl InimAdi.tAlv K ihfl
f.:i I .v L:. r r
.. a .
avui s null ui nit ia ic.ii vt.ti tins - n
- .i.. . r .t.Jwith its emnloxees to
..
year lS'iu. r. cou;e to an agre"meni . . . . . i
V , , . , thev were not to become tnci th -rs ot !
for a renewal of the mining rale: j - : J
that the strike was w idespread. lvolv-j n"n' . t
ing not less than 400,miO mine work-l About the same t tie. a Mr. VcKin-j
ers. was terminated bv "distri. t set- j le? . who was cperafng t'te Ki- :ilan '
tlements." with variant results n dii -mire roa-union. was interview, i h; ,
ferent parts of the territorv inv ilved.jthe Union I-ad rs. n tt!i(-t ot t ,,e r- ;
and had not been followed by a re .solution adpt-d by tie :;h-d -strict i
newal of the former relations he'weou
I the operators and miners in the (Vn -
tral ComDetitive Field. Anoth r re -
! suit of the strike was a larse de rease ' port f hts m-n. ar. 1 thai if he ri d not
! in the membership of the Union. Two re o-nl: e ihe I nvn they wo il ' Mint
measures rf relief were ptoposed first! down his p-.irc. In i r.e of '.e mier
that steps be taken to reestabli h the! views that ensited he was to1 1 thai
i joint interstate conferences; ar l sec was their p'irpose to or r-r.i e the
'ond. the organisation of the hi herto Glendale. the H-tcheman. Ve Ui h
I unoraanized fields, ineliidins t - P-.ci ! land, and seme other riaes: t at at
, handle District of West Virgir.
! der closed shop agreements, w
! men about the mines included
. tltl
h ail
n llie
, membership of the United Mive ".Vork
' ers of America. In the course u' the
j discussion the purpose of Vrsn'drinu
, West Virginia in the interest f the
unionized mine workers in Ihe C r.ral
Competitive Field, and the prohihiliiy
t that it could be organized ot !y by
: means of strikes, were rop'ntei "y -d -
clsrd and were disputed by r i boilv.
"All who spoke advm-ated striki . nif
. ferins only as lo whether these ; 'un;bl
be nation-wide r set-honal. I .i i'. l
ant lwis. in l is report, recotmc nri-d
an abandonment of the policy i f sc
tional scttlemoMs whicli bad be. nut
' sued in the previous year Tl is le--oiemf
n-t.ition. interprete-i as ; ch:
' icism of the policy pursued mtd r the
Hadetship of President Mitchell :n the
settlement of the llct sfike. w. s the
siibj.- of bng and ernest tel. le. in
'e (.n;c. ,-r w t'il h lew Sitit'
' 'VSrn v" untii"" West .;!.
then we o'canire the tut'.'i f nuel
yectiofs if rt":iib jtili. we v '! o"
r in re 1'iero hj a str'.ke moe: "
nd a vain, toward?: t,,- 'os t ??
debate: "No on has made Ihe Ij'.e-
meat that we can organize West Vir-
ginia without, a stride." L'eientiam I
course ot uis remarks n.- uul: : say .
j " Mrg'.nta on ire south and Penu-i
nia on tfe south and Pena-t
tast. an,! aiur fuui
months of a strike is eastern Ohio we
keer.ly ihe c.mipeti'ion from West Vir
ginia, and during ihe suspension Vur
miners in Ohio chafed u.nd r tile ob
ject lesson they had. They saw We t
Virginia coal go by. train-load after
train-load passing their doers, when
they were on strike. This coal sun -I
plied the markets that they should , 8T,d to hff!(1 ,hI c me(.,incs Ia the ln. bent on organizing the mine, the "con
have had. There is no discu.smg thete7P,t ,jf the ,-rkn There ,, rIp(lr sent" of pialntiff O be procured
fact, something must be done to ren: - u1,,.m,rU pvi.tpn.- that he trough such a control of its emplo-
ear after yeirj,,
'j home and stride,
Ohio has had to t.
in some portion of the district to en
force the in'erstnte ae-eerient th it '
was signed up here 1 confrs-
h.Te a:iil no. l.iat ,ivt-.. :,M...:n !
st-niiniciit in ol:io a a .-ei --
uieni bv socticas wo.iia uoi cancel
the conditions ve iaii.u:uoii .;'. No.
sometnmg iiiu.t oe uone; it is aj
soluti'ly nece.-;-ary to ptotoci us
against the competi..on t;;at tomes
lroi the nnorganized fields est ot j The evidence as to the methods he ,a short, at the time the bill was
us." Mr. Mitchell exposed the view , empoved in pprAonaiiv interviewing ; Med. defendants, although having full
of defendant Lews. reiterating antve mjrtcrs. while measre. is sicnific-! notice of the ierms of employmeut es
opinion, reper.tedly eprtssed tt-fort. I ant Myers. A Hitchman miner. test- istlug between plaintiff and its min
that We.st Virsinia and the oihrr uu-lf;ed: "He f'dd me that he was a good er. were engaged in an earnest effort
organized fields, "w'juld not be thor- j friend of Mr. Koch, and that Mr. Koch to subvert those relations without
ouchly organized except as the result v,a,j nothing acainst having the place 'plaintiffs consent, and to alienate a
of a successful strike;" but eli clarinj j 0rcar ilied acain. He said he was a ' sufficient number of the men to abut
that "they will not be organized at all. : friend "of bis. and 1 made the remark down the mine, to the end that tha
strike or no strike, unless -.ve are ab'iejthat I would ask Mr. Koch and see if fear cf losses through stoppage ot
to support the men in those fields from ! .;t was so: aru( he said no. that was operation might coerce plaintiff into
the first Cay they lav don their tools j f no use bei-ause he was tellme me "recognizing the union" at the cost tit
indeed 1 believe it Is probable, that
in the not dtstant future we w il be
able to i-auetirte a movement in j rlissnailed n'en who had accepted em-1 legal consequences remain for dia
West Virginia and the "bthr un .rgan-; r-lovment fiVm going to work. i cussion.
i;ed fields that w ill Involve th-'nt in j highlv sisrnificsnt tlrnc. giving The facts we have recited are eith
a strike, and then we will expect you j character to Hushes entire course of er admitted or else proved by clear
to f".rn!sh the sinews of war. as you conduct, is that whi'e h's solicitation and undisputed evidence and indubit
have don-? in the past, to keep tlie.-e ' 0f t,e men was more or less public. : able inferences therefrom. The pro
men in idleness." j 5 neressnrilv it had to be. ho was ceedtngs of the international and sub-
Tr.n riisr . n.n -..ntiin .-.l ourii.t
lUree davs sr.a a: ll.o cu ot it Hie te-, the names of these who aereei to j.vn. me in'rooactun oi oniciai veroaiim
port of a com.;n: e - i,u-i ep.c.-s.a ' t-.e Union. Myers, heinc s-Ved to al ! reports, properly authenticated. It is
a.-i 'ice-, cnt wit i i. e I t ,.tcn- iw- his name t.v Ne entered Vn a book objected that these proceedings, espe
Le.MS ai.p. siu. i to so. I' r.i set lo-: that Hushes enrried. trie! to see te ctally in so far as they Include the dec
rents and rmmu-.r.i.il a i ,u:i a-: ttsmes alreadv entered. hut he wold laratlons ard conduct of others than
tkn In the f jinre . f tiie same
confer vauvo bi.si.iess like ih'
that had been pursued ty Tre
.Mitchell, was adopted by a v.va
vots.
The plain e;fcct of tt.is a i o:
kO approve a ij1;. y v. ;,l h, a.; a
to the conetcte case, ni.a-u ;.
order to reiicve ts.e union m. a
O'nio, iiivliana and lihnois from
cotcpetit.'jn tf ti e ilr'per pr'..
oce
as .
piie.i !
i. .u ;
-1 Ol ;
:iii'.a
i bo
!o al
the non-union mi.ies of W; i V'
1 ne West Vireinid rmues si
ti
i VircanizeJ" 1 means of
i t0 u'psi "it'ini:i. the strike
1 13 b pai1 ljV as siuer.n u ti. i r.to
Bntoil miners "in th oti.er r-'ta'cs men-
: a.enM.n,d . whi!o tttev ro-na r. 1 a
w-o-k
j UU co;v.ea:io:i a, lo.:,v. v-a :,v a,
annuj; conv,.ti.K w ui-risirw.'i c
1 District t he'd In the r.onta of :.m !'
11907. at which defendants
..IK1I1J
j anJ tjan-Kin Wt
re pfe 'ni as
l're u:o;it
and ?erretary of ;he Su'o-Disti i '.. De-. notice of disrhatee. And. as has been net-ship, each member being cVmstilut
fendant Lewis, as National Vice 1 res- ( stated, the owner of the Richl ind. ed the agent of all. so that the aot
ident. occupied the chair darin sev-inile repeatedly threatened with or declaration of one, in furtherance
eral of the session. lVfcndartt .elen-j unioniiatien. was kept in the dark a of common object, is the act of all.
ka was present as a delegate, and also1 fr -e progress made by the organ- nd is admis'ible as primary and nr
Thomas Hughes, who while rr.n-ed as Tr antonsst his employees until the isinal evidence against them. Fle
a defendant in the present stii. was nvne was artuallv siiut d'.vwn. sants t. Fant. 22 Wall. 116. 119: Con
not served with process. Watkins) The ouestion whether Ilnche-s had neotiout Mutual IJfe Ins. Co. v. Hill
and Rar.kin in their reports econt- 'wr r jMtimriiv" m hi.i How n the man. ISrt U. S. 20S. IIS: Story Part.
! mendod the con.piete unioniTa'.l in of
the mines in tne raniiamite cottnties,
with particular reference f ;lu Mitch-
man. te Glendale. tne Kn rtan-'. ami
two others: and as a result it w as made by Hushes while acting a
resolved "that the Subdisirct of irers. , aont of an orcanized bxly of men
together with the District offi.-e-s. be who indubitably were united in a pur
authorized to take tip the work of er- p.-se to close it unless plaintiff juK1
canizing evcy mote in the S-.h-dis-; ,-orforni to their wishes with respei
trict as quickly as it can he d-vie." ( lo jts management, and who lacked
Kvident'y in pttrsttan, e 'tf ll :. re- the power to carrv out that pur?se
solution. 1efend.t"ts t.reen. Ze enk.t. . onlv becau-.e thev bad not as yet per-
!.,n,4 V,l-in ih.xil l.-lx- t till? . I'tnit i ciia.t.l a cnffii i.n nnih.r nf te 4 . 44.
serveti with I . ,.....' ,'lA 't. ' ',". ;..., ' , .. ;.k 5t0. 56:V Lowe v. Dalrymple. 117 Pa.
1 ... : , ill DUil Uii ur n il ill if i- c n ni'i uuiii ii.uit"-- m jviu u;i nv-iu. -
Ixv ;s as i T . , ., w i . w ... S4. 5 fi S: Main v. AuKam. 4 Anp. P.
llie JU . w. V. A .,,,; ,,ti. rf trt min.v i r n i m' nml in! him tr th Tiling C 11. OO.
strike of lo. ' J..' .' ,,.',. w. :i . ..-' k... ... Unon a kindred principle, the declar-
lilt: l ...... ....... . i , . .
. 1 rnn'iest lanl it refore plaint tf s nourn
of din tors, who rejected the p - onost -
I nf this.
In one of the interviews Koch '
I informed
these d"fendanis or the-
the effec" ths' 1
the nine was ; he run now
1 si !
ctmvenfon. and. haviui: asked f it htv
'mine bo let al r.e. a
' threat that they weal 1
met with the
H ure t! e sui-
' e Vjiemiau-
' had tveti'y fc i men
vim bad jO'!i"d the orcaniia'tor?. 'and!
thvl lhc '.id sixtv men wh.-i l-.i ; sisp- j
ed up or had agreed to ti p t -e o'-i
caniaticn at l' t.-hn an. ai'd t':..v he 1
were ccinc to vl-ut the '?r?-e itc.wn a I
swn as tttev coi a f- moro ter??. ' j
With respect to i'-ot prosrtMs at In i
own mine
be w is -ept m
t:,e t?.t r i-. .
! tobt r. '
;i i ;es of
'!rr,xer''
utttil aboet lhe codile of
Ikv?. whep. thronitb the ar
t' e organ -rer !r:;he. tev
in shu"i'- it d.n and it rer-;?.r
closed until a v-i ' ,ti'i:n; -.- w
a!!cd b I' e cocrt. i nuie:t'., " ,'
er which it rc-t;rtcd n-n ir.t r"
The e ;de?i, e re? ', rs j' e'es? !'
lltig'-es was sent nt-v the IV.ti't.uu
to rrat'ie at! lh mines t tere. ?n .
cor?!.it?re w tilt tiie icmi'mm. n t
Snbd. strut coiienoti. Tif I
lllade . Ml'tr. -Mt of l" a? ti- 3
ai'ere l lhai he w . . tint "n
ran'-er ' ! t-,. I r P
nal an-v -s ri i nin ! .- .-?-
b,?i iji ti-. , ,' , Mi
mis'i us m i'r 'a I'e ea?r.
i !
er
nd b ''''ir-Mv' i::i-'' r;
The out-, ,iei-'"' : t '
?! e m-1i-.
ei p'ow l b; C''i'' ' N
ganirer. but denied that he had power
or authority to shut, down the Hitch-
man mine.
lie arrived at that nin e some tine
in fertember. 13-7. and remained
re or in tsat vicinity ur.'il the lat-
x, ...:,,,.. ..,.. .. k-
t.not and tin-e'v i.rvlce" that T-iemh. r-
! ship
i iih
in the Uci. n v as inconsistent ,a ,er matter or coursa.
the terms of emMavm, at at all t'lamtifr is as much entitled to pre-r.-
ne. and a v;. kifon of the ev- vert lhe steP secml. so
I press provisions of ti e agreement at
the Hitrhmtin and GIrndale.
Having unsuccessfully applied to
I Koch and VcKinley for their coopera-
' - ,J K ..,, v.,K
i;tn:ii lit .. iit ii u vj ivm va it-wv t
not pORfi!,e himself to mere per-
,,asin. out resorted to deception anl
?hne. In h! puhltc sneeches he em
rdnyel abusive lnn?ni"ee resnectirg
' tr. Pickett. Wt'liam In;icherry. and
i Jim Jarrvt:. He prophesied, ia such
' a ist that ipnnrant f oreiirn-hom min
ers, surh as he w:is addressing, na- Piaintirrs manager, and to the oper
tttrn'lv miclit believe him to be speak- 'or of tll Richland, and from all that
ing with knowledge, that the aics said and done by Hughee in his
paid by the Hitchman would be re- effort to oreanize the Hitchman. Glen
rtiice.l nnlesa the mine was unionized, dale, and Richland mines.
: attritions to men w ho already were
; i- niiintiffs emnlov b-it in addition
ra refill to keen secret the mincer ana
is0 not show anvthtne: he tokl me he tl xna answering ueienuauis, arw now a
os "'it. and I ake1 him how ranv rames missible because the existence of
(n- I was on it. and he s-id he had tbout criminal or unlawful conspiracy Is not
enoncrh to 'crack off . To Stewnrt.
snother I'tK-hnmn ti'iner. he ssid i e
as frminc a kind of secret order
smotts the n-.en: he said he had a fe
mn be did not state the number of
them and iie said each man was sap-
r-v.-eJ to give him so much dues to
kept it si'.::?, and li en he satd utter
!'e got tiie ii';';oti;y he would crc.it'ize
the nlice" lukett the mine suoerin -
temleut. had learned of only five n en
at the Glen l. le who were inclined to
jon Hushes' ntotoment; hut when
these were asked to r.:.i!n citsule of
th mine fir a tlk. fifTcen other tne'
waited with them, and upon be'"g
m:n led tn.it i.e t!'e co-vruay m-m
tv-t try to prevent them ti)in Nvoei-
ing members of the Union, they ccuid
not be members and nt the same ttn "
rrrrlr for the nVndaip Comn.mv.
they
aii nrr-entcri th as eriiislen!
to a
) tittchman mine is" beside the mark.
; are not here concernetl wi'h any
question of ultra virs but with an
i -,-tii.il t;-r, ;it of i losine down nla n-
; support ot tne re essary nemoer c.
1 tntners. They succeeded wutt resnect
"A Most
Satisfactory '
Motor Oil
9
SAXON
D .,.v M.iiliv, S;n F.tvVii
"rr--mturown.anJ tneynrnc
of Saxon owiw?rs.we kwiw Zfoirne
tc b-c a nntst Mtvt'sctocv koc ot!.
PACKARD
C-:i-r lr, Sn l"tii. !tvrt
"It Kasprovrnfntirrly -Jitsfaclory.
CI iEYKOLET
I W L-n: .v I".'., I. .nr'n
"ctvirne is our cboo for f nl
Cw-n ti. car?.'
T- t - . .' ; ' C v. Tlt??.tt
"h x r- hc:"t incv in rrvxtmmriMl
itig ;i to i ovl e uon."
77::.. cJ.rci rtv leading
C ir C:-fn.'r.'orv
ro-.'-e tlx- rrconU of their see
. :.. d -p-irt-Tntt tVw lSt 7oco
(,--.-, c it vr.Tea iW-n Cabloc--i.i
: ' ! Kiv cn??w-. gi.e peefinA
' t .-n i. wrar, ttw-rr powtr
1 i.-i ;
-' v'
y - w jl !:'li:'.?i: UiilKi
I
4
J
StcxdsrdQUforNotor Cars
s t 4 r ' "rv
STN"n RI OIL
COMPANY
to one of the mines threatened (tl.e
J Richland), and preparations of like
character were in progress at the
Hitchman ard the Glendale at the time
the restraining order was made in th's
.cause.
If there by any practical distinction
between organizing the miners and
e is Dllt lP In the process of
ut'toniiin the mine, followed by the
:..r as us own employees are concern
ed, and to be protected against ir
reparable injury resulting from either.
Besides, the evidence shows, w ithout
any dispute, that defendants contem
plated no half-way measures, but were
ould render any further in-
dependent operation of the mine outcf
the question. This is evident froru
the discussions and resolutions ot the
international and sub-district conven
tions, fi'jm what was said by defend
ants Green. Zelenka and Watkins to
ine meiaoQa
resorted to by their
organizer" were
such, as have been described. The
uisinci conventions fr auowa oj
ma te to appear oy evnience auunae.
The objection is untenable. In order
that the declarations and conduct of
third parties may be admissible in
such a cafe, it is necessary to show
by independent evidence that there
was a combinstion between tbera and
defendants, but it is not necessary to
show- by independent evidence that the
' combination was criminal or otherwise
unlawful. The element of illegality
nay be shown by the declarations
tltemselv es. iThe rule uf evidence is
cotvmonly applied in criminal cases,
but is of general opera! l-n; indeed, it
o nut". listed m llie ia' partnershli).
! ilepetids upon the princlnle that
when any number ol persona associate
themselves together in the prosecution
of a common plan or enterptise. lawtui
r uniawtnt. trom tne very acr oi au
sociation tnere arises a siua oi pn-
sees. 107. 10$: 1 Greenleaf Et.. sees.
'i- vt. - oiamn? c.
M ) 25. 26: King v. Hardwick. 11 TEast
. a! . .-s: januimiiu v. ." -
Parn. & Aid. 673. 879: Wood v. Brad
dick. 1 Taunt. 104. 105: Van Relms
dvk v. Kane (Story'. J 1.
835: 2t Keii. Cas 1087. 1069; Aldrich
v. Warren. 1 Me. 45. 4i8: Pierce tr.
Wood. 23 N. H. 519. 531: Page v. Park
er. 40 N. H. 47. 82: State t. Thlbeau.
30 Vs. 10. 105; Jenne v. Josln. 41
Ltx-ke v. Stearns, 1 Mete.
i Continued en Page Three )
n r
.i;Mi:.T:vJf'tiju4
?wt.
i i if
i'.?iU. Ml' ; Mi'''
ill! i l
;l;;iipi!i!
V H I TJi THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 23, 1917.
THREE
iW-st V i a . vmthl -spotted aiFm
V?!t-i, U V C V vXii SUBMARINE. - ft
; JOHN I EOPOLUCCl. BOATSWAINS MATE . iS ClA; . v'J : - ?:XVXX I fi f1 I UTV,
JlOST INI THE: SINKING CP THS. 5 5 AZTES ; Jr ;i . V 7 ? ' Jf) fe if f' K
"""N 3 ft CN W.'.TCrt IN CCLC WEATHER COoTUME ""1 V' t i i' ' .fc -V--' V"
' : i -iSrl TTl : N '; 'i-n
frjin the Urge organized membership ; - - " ! . ' ' I
VjSlEPtNG QUARTERS ONOCR GUfT"!!
PLATFORM OF A MgCHANfTM
)reme Court Decision
On Closed Shop Law
(Continued From Page Two.)
at ions and conduct of aa a?ent ithin
the scope and in tbe course cf his
agency, are admissible as original avi
dence against the principal, jjst as
hie own declarations or conduct ouic
be admissible. Barreda v. Silsbce. II
How. 146. 164. 165: Vkksburg & Meri
dian R. R. v. O'Erien. 113 t". S. 99.
' nd to fill vat-ancies occurring from
time to time by the employment "jf
' otner men on the same terms. The
pecuniary value of such reasonable
probabilities is incalculably preat. and
- is recosr.ized by the law in a variety
of relations. Soe Rrcr.nan v. T'nite;!
Hatters, (cited with approval in Tniax
v. Raich, supra.- 75 N. J. L.
Brown v. Honiss 74 N. J. I
104: La Abra Snver Minina Co. v. seq.: Jersey City Pnnnnp Co. v.
United States. 175 I". S. 423. 49S. AnJ ! Cassidy. 63 X. J. Eq. 7r.9. 767: W alker
since the evidence of Hushes aRi-ncy'v. Cronin. 107 Mass. 555. 56r, 566;
is clear and undisputed that as the ; Voran t. Dunpiiy. 177 Mass. 4S5. and
representative of a voluntary associa- j cases there cited: L. D. Willcutt &
Uon Vf which the answering defend ; Pons Co. v. Driscoll. 290 Mass. 110.
ants were active members, and in the; 117, etc.
execution of a purpose to which they j The rigfct of action !'jr persuading
all had given consent, and in r-.r. ' a-1 employee to leave i.is en.p'cner if
some of them were actively coopt rat-i 'jnirersally recocr.ized nowhere more
ins. he was eneaeed in an effort to I clearly than in West Virginia and 't
organize the coal mires of tr:e fan-j rests upon fundamental prtnc'Die-s of
handle District itis equally clear tiat j eeneral application, not upon tiie Eiu
his declarations and concuct wn ie so , i;h statute of laborers. Tharker Coal
doing are evidential against tl.e d j Co. v. Purke. 59 W. Va. 253. 2".": S
fendanU. '' nn. Cas. fcs3, bsC; AVaiker v. Cror.in.
Vhat are the legal consequemts oi lz. JIass. 06.: An?!e v. Chicago,
i. raui. &e. i:auay. ioi l . s. l. l
Noice. Adm'x v. I'.rown. 39 X. J. L.
5h9. 572.
We fjm to the matters set up by
way of j-Jsl.fication or excuse for de
fendant?' interference with the situa
tion existing at plaintiffs mine.
The cj.se invokes no question of t'.c
i. aa c.upiojee la wnico n never was i in any aspect 01 trie matter, it ran-
a j-u. iiiication that defandant wished I at be t-s.il t!:at defenriauts were ni-.r- or the Inion. that defendants sou ah t
t: totain for himself the services of i -:ir. their object by lawiul means. - to exert upon plaintiff, and it renders;
t!-: employee. 1 Klark. Com. 429; ?i f -e question of their int.-niions- ( pertinent what was said hv this court
312. ir bona fUK s-ca'inct he innrei! I in th Cnmwrs ee I!"1 1' ill
assuming defendants ere ex-; '- ,n,a '" quesuon oi r.-auce. ; ). immediately following the re-j
iea. -1. j jusny a.'u. in me i cognition or me rignt rj form labor i
case. 23 Q. B 613.1 ur ions: "But the very fact that it is!
;y had plain notice that n aintifrs' . . """" ,s l--;" " utmies. -hh muuuuues -
n.? was rim "non-union." that nnnei . i. mruiueiN means uiai mey nae
729. 749: e ,i;:ng. through Hushes, the right to' 1,'t"a- u J
5ul. 514. Ii. --re men to join their Union, siiilj ..af .1,"a"1. -Ip
or C:e men had a right to remain at j
y.r': there after joining the Union,,
ard that the observance of this agree
n'?ni was of great importance and
vnlue both to plaintiff and to its men
tiiAfacts tnat have been detailed.'
That the plaintiff was actini; within
its lawful rights in emptying its seen
upon terms of continuing non i
bership in the United Mine Wori;eis
of America is not open to qucstio'r?
Plaintiffs repeated costly experiemts
of strikes and other interferences
while attempting to "run union were riehts of employees. Iefendan.s hive
e-.er.ta to damage, and h ch does, n i hereby atou reil a vsr nnrer in ihei ' ul s :oenj
'srt. damage another in that other , presence of which the individual may j lt 1 but he ould ajt be a num
rt'jn's properiy cr traile. is action-ih. helpless. This power, when unlaw- j i r and remain in plaintiffs employ,
al.le if done without just caue or ex-1 fully used against one. cannot be met, '"sr that agreement plaintiff ran its
ci'se." And the intentional infliction i except by the purchasing peace at the' m'ne for a year and more, and. so fax
"m h! rnitmrarilv tra.l ihp trpt ul &utu oaniage upon anomer. wunounccu or submitting to terms which in-!14- appears, wunoui me sngntest ois-
rc-n- and desired to continue working -1rnifitation or txiuse- ': malir-ions in I volve the sacrifice of rights protected," reernent between it and its men.
n" it Vet rieff.nrtan- f a r" f rrr ' ,a w- Bittermait t. Louisville & Xash-j bv the Constitution: Mr bv standing! without any urievance on their
e eicicing any care to refrain from un-n-.c?sary
injuring plaintiff, deliberate
e'r and advisedly selected that nieti.
o.' (I enlarging t!ieir meirbe-sh'p
w.iih would inflict the greatest in-
j upon plaintiff a::d its loyal em-y'-es.
Ever?- HUchmun miner v.b'J
aid Hughes' "secret order" and per-;.t-d
his name to be entered upon
gries liht wa3 guiHy cf a breaih of
; contract of employment and acted
lie waenever thereaiter he entered
clear: as to the others named is de
fendants, but not served with process,
the decree is erroneuos as already
stated. '
viiie R. R 207 U. S. 205. 223: Bren-tnr. sueh riaits and appealing to the : P- "t- - Thereupon defendtnts. having
n::n v. United Hatters. 73 X. J. L. 723. 1 trvecive powers of a court of eouit v. 1 ft- ' ittire of the working agreement
ien sucli appeal is made it is the i oeiweea plaintitr ana Its aieu,
d:'-y of gover iment to protect the one acting- without any agency for those.
a;vnst the n'anv as well as t'te many nun. but as representatives of an or-ij.
&:ai!i-. me oi.e. j c. .iiuiwj .'i u:i:'e wurKers in uiaeri
a
p V'ii.tiffs mir.e to work.
o :.; connived at this, but must
d'.onied to have caused and procured
it. f ir it was the main feature of de-:
.-:4, et esea.. and cases cited, of
eourse. in a court of equity, when pas
sing upon the right of injunction, dam
age threatcred. irreti.eiiiu'le by ac:"on
at law, is equivalent to damage d'Jue.
And we cannot deem the proffered ex
cuse to be a just cause or excuse."
where it is baed. as in this case, upon
an assertion of conflicting rights that
are sought to be attained by unfair
Hughes rot niellla's. and for the very purpose of
jje n.iener:ng na planum s ngcis. ui
wuicn oeienoanis nave iuu notice.
Another tunaamental error in de-
UN18TEO IN MARRIACC
Last evning at the home of. Mrs.
Minnie ieter.on. on Opera Driye. the
marriage of Mrs. Peterson! daughter.
. .uwo a irr-uiaii, m 11 Attn fJJ w
'l" ' i t . . i . L
sence of about twenty friends of the
amily. The Re. C.W. Harshman of-
a sufficient explanation oi us rpone
to run "non-union." if any were need
ed. But neither explanat.rm nor justi
fication is needed. Whatever may bs
the adTantages of "collective bargain
ing." it is not bargaining at all. in any
just sense, un'ess it is voluntary or.
both sides. The same liberty hi; h
enables men to form unions, atid
through the union to enter into agree
ment with employers willing to acre?,
entitles other men to remain inde
pendent of the imion and other em
pltjyers to agree with the-n to employ
soman who owes any allegiance or
obligation to the union. In the lai'er
no agency for plaintiffs
nor do they assert an? disagreement
'jr grievance in their behalf. !n fact.
t: ere is none; but, if there vers ,:e
fecdants could not. witliou' agency, set
vp any riehts that employees miuhi
have. The riht of the latter to strike
would not give to defendants the rteht :
to institgate a stri;e. The differerfe'
is fundamental. !
It is suzgested as a gro.nil cf iit-:
icism that p!--. "::'.'. iff endeavornl to se-J
cure a ciosed non-union mine tlirputh
ir dividual agreenieiits with its cranio-,
yes. as if this furnished so.-iie sjrt '
of excuse f'ir the emrlovmenf cf
case, as in the former, the rart!e are , ,,-, , KPr.i- , i
U.11WU 311.' I 11 1 V.I II e .iu.i-- 11 1 i
rent wih t?:e Uiim. It a suf:?-
Defendants' acts canno be justified
by gny analogy to competition in trade.
Thty are not competifjrs of plaintiff:
and if they were their conduct exceeds
the bounds of fair trade. Certainly, if
a competing trader should endeavor to
draw custom from his rival, not by of
fering better or cheaper goods, employ
ing more competent salesmen, or dis
playing more attractive advert ise
iii' nts. but by persuading the rival's
cutks to desert nim under circum-
Si.tes. and in order to subject p.a.n- for VT0 4 7,
,0lu,h Participation by the Inionj me.mb(ir h t here.
ir the management of the mine as ne-'T u emploVed t Uie Oliver
r.12LE! JZZ , m Z 0f' shaft of thec.lumet and ArlTOn The
I t1h?mTnt- -,l,,,el, i voPl will reside ia Bisbee.
aent to the mine, wTA. with full not-' .
Uj of. and for the very purpose of, slacker
si Averting:, the status arisir..;: from , WAS "u" ai-Av-Rcn. , .
p'aintiff's working agreement anl su-' Word has been receiedin Pisbee
jecting the mine to the Unioa control,; from J. Wieland. formerly of Btsb.
Pi x-eeded. without physlnl violence.; to the effect that the posting of his
in leed. but by persuasion accompanied ' name as a slacker was erroneous, as
w ih threats of a reduction of wages he was drafted and went to "Camp
am! deceptive statements as to the at- Lewis. American Lake. VahroiNVB.
t:-ale Vf the mine management, to in- He is now serving at that point In the
r . . . . - r I. 11 name nnuinnn i 'mil .- in !.. -
emnlnves cams pian. iue sine qua noi oi - - -
v t--,. .,,..,,-.,,, r,j,ir.tu- it sumntion mat all measures that may
d-ined to be necessary, in order to he resortea to are lawful if tliey are stances rendering it difficult or em
. rsanize the Tanhandle by a strike i-eaceaole" that is. if they stop short barrassing for him to fill their places,
n.-r .mont " that t t n. ij:t-hr-.ati tir Oi piiVsical V ioience. or coercion an court of ennitv would rram an in-
e- anple, man after man should he tx-r- U rJJsn tear of it. Ia cur op.niou, any junetion to restrain this as unfair com-. di . e plaintirrs employees to join the nauonai army.
sviced to join the Union, and having v.oiation of plaintiiTa legal rij.hts co.i- petition. I Union and at the same time o '-rekk ' : -
d ne so to remain at work, keening tr-.ved by defendants r.ir Cae purpose Upon all the facts, we are constrain- tI:Mr P'eni'nt wit "a pUintiff by re- HOME FOR CHRISTMAS.
t:-e employer in ignorance of teir c- inflicting damage, or having that p(1 to hold that the purp0fie entertain- fining in its employ afte' joinin,:: Leo Sanders, accompanied bj Mrs.
r- .Tiber and tdenf.ty. until so many s un-nMri. iatm is a piann P(J hv defendants
to bring about a ' " i this for ,he purpose not of enlarp- Sanders, have arrived in Bisbee from
i mine in order to u tne members-hip of the Union, but phoenix to spend Christinas witlt the
1 joined that by stopping work in a inhibited by the law as if it involved a strike at nlaintffs
Iy they could coerce the employer c.eain of tr.e peace, a combination ,r,n,pei plaintiff, through fear of finan- "oercmg plaintitr. tnrough a strike parents of the former. Leo Sooders
I the remaining miners to "orsiin-; lv proc ure concerted breaches of con- ria. )oss t0 consent u- the unioniza- or ,he thret of on, into recognition was raised in Bisbee and is well known
: th? mine." that is. to make an t act by plaintitt s employees con
reement that none but members cfistitutes such a violation. Flaccus v.
entitled to be protected by the in
the enjoyment of the benefits of ?py
'wful agreement they may make. This
iurt repeatedly has held tat the em
ployer is as free to make rn-meinr cr
ship in a union a condition jf en:,-ii-ment.
as the working man is ireo ic
ioin the union, and that tliis is a ta-t
of the constitutional rights of personal t;ff. no opf;0r, to f,zxe an
liberty and private property, noi u r.e
taken away even by legislation. viiie-;s
through some proper exercise of t!:e
paramount police pover. Adair v.
United States. 20? U. S. 161. 174: Cop
page t. Kansas. 236 U. S. 1. 14. !n the
present case, needless to say. there is
no act of legislation to which defend
ants may resort for justification.
Plaintiff, having in the CAcrri.M.- of
its undoubted rights establi.-hed a
working agreement between it and iti
employees, with the free aistnt cf the
latter, is entitled to be protected in
tbe enjoyment of the resulting status,
as in any other leeal rieh.t. That tne
employment was " at will." and termin
able by either party at any ti:u is
tf no consequent e. In Truax v. R.i.c'i.
239 U. S. 3.t. ?.. this court ruled i'ihmi
the precise question as follows: "H
is said that the bill does r.nt sho
e-uployment for a term, and that trader
an employment at will the con'pi2;n.T.
could be discharged at any t nie f:-r
anv reason or mr no reasin. ne n.o-
Union should be employed, that
n;s of employment should be de
mined by negotiation not wi-h the
employees but with union officers
F-:haps residents of other States and
ployees of rj:npetir.g mines and
t' - t a'l ouestions in controversy be
t t-n the mine cnerator and the rrin-
f -. sl.ould likewise be- settled
o-t-riders.
r-nt answer, in In. to repeat that
TiliTTlTif f tia.- n 1 o o .. T anil i-nns: it ,iin .1 !
riht to C'lui'e nnio; men from its
e-rp!"y. Rvt 't nay be w i- h T-h:.
V) say. in ad'itioTt: fir-sr. tint there
wq no mid'lle rmnnd ooen to plpin-
r,pn shon"
e'nploving union men atid rmi-vninn
ind ffefent'.y: 't was 'he Ui'oi
tiat insiste i upon losed-.-h'-? acree
n t!'s. requiring even earpei'T? cv
cToyed about a mine to be mer..i.er .if
t'ie Union, and making the eu.p!.y
n.cnt oi any non-union men a grojn.!
f r a strike: and secondly, plain it f
cas in the reasonable exercise? of us
rights in excluding all unioa rien f?o:.i
its employ, having learned, from
previous experience, that unless ti is
were dar.e union or.-an'zers n.iii gain
arcess t its mine in the cui-.,' of la
b'trers. Iefeni:ants set up. by way or ju-til
ia'in or excise, the right of v.orking
r:en to fonn unices, and to enlarge
t ieir membership by inviti" e::c'
orkingTiien 10 join. The tight is
freelv conceded
of tbe union be prr per and legit maTe.t purposes, and therefore in the sight of
wh'ch we asnnie to be true. Ii! a ger- j equity, already members of the Union,
eral sense, with renect t tl;e Union ' and it needed no formal ritual vr tak-hi-re
in Tjesti'-n. C.ninpTs v. Rii'-xs ing f an oath to const Itute them s'icli ;
S'ove A- Ranae Co '1 U. S. 4K. f:. I their uniting with tne Union in the
Smith. 1S9 I'a. 12S: 51 L. K. A. 640:
Siuth Wales Miners Federation v.
Glamorgan Coal Co, (1905) A. C. 2:.9.
2 14. 250. 253: Jonas G!as (. v. Class
I'ottle Blowers Association. 77 X. J.
Lq. 2 IS. 223.
The present is not a cae vi mereiy
v ithhorlins from an employer an ticn. decentive statements, and threats
with c -ononin. need as a i-up-ly of labor o; pecuniary loss communicated bv
; until he assents to be governed hv H'lghes to the men were unlawful
tion or the mine as the lesser ev il, was , - ,tle 1 non. here. He is now thecashier of the
an unlawful purpose, and that the I As against the answering defendants New York Life Insurance company at
methods resorted to by Hughes the p' lintiffs right to an injunction is Phoenix,
inducing of employees to unite with ! v 1
the Union in an effort to subvert the
system of employment at the mine by ;
concerted breaches of the tntracts of;
employment known to be in force !
t?orc. not to mention misrepresenta-1
True, it is suggested that under ihe'i'ion regulations, fiefendanis ha?e;atid malicious methods, and not to no
c:-!s:ing contract an employee was
: n-'. ca'led nnon to leave plaintiffs em
f 'ry vn'il he actually joined the I'niop
t 1 that the evidence shows only an
a ennt by Hnahes to induce the men
f a;ree fi join, but no attempt to ir.-
them to violate their contract by
f.ii'.ing to withdraw from plaintiffs
e-i'p'oyment after arlual'v joining.
U t in a court of equity, which looks
f - the sqbs'tnee and essence of things
z-1 disregards ?na'trs cf form and
t hrieal nicety, it is sufficient to say
fit to induce men to acree to j'in
i but a rcjde of inducing them to join,
p-'d that when defendants "had sixty
, ti:en w ho had signed up or agreed to
. join the organisation at llitcnman.
n j supply of labor jf which p!air.;ifl jistified as a fair exercise of the right
srancis in need. l!y the statement of to increase the membership of the
d fe.-i-U.ri I-wis h.niseif. made in'his Urf.m.
f-niidl report to the Indianap.ilis coti
v -ntion oi 19'7. out of more than 370.
(i'i. coal miners ir. tlie States of Penn
sylvania. Maryland. Virginia and Wrt
Virginia, less than So.Oeil (about Si
p t cent) v ere members of the Union.
Considering the Panhandle separate-J-ly.
doulitless tiie pi'.iport ion was even
s nailer. and the supply of non-union
l.ibor ample. There is no reason to
dmibt tiiat if defendants had been ac
tuated by a genuine desire to increase
the ine-ibr-.hip of the Union without
linnece.-sary injury to the known
rights of plaintiff, they would have
There can Ik? no question that plain
tiff was threatened with danger if ,
an immediate strike as a result of the
activities of Huthes. The effect of
his arguments and representations is;
not to be judged from the testimony ,
of those wifnes-.es who rejected his ,
overtures. Naturally, it was not easy
for plaintiff to find men who would;
testify that they had agreed witii
li'ighes to break their contract with
piaintiff. One such did testify. But
the true measure of the extent of his
operations a:.d the probability of his
carry ing them to success are indicai-
fcv i s-4 (I
and were "going to shut the mine permitted their proselytes to w ithdraw . p,j v nis declaration to Mvers that
, down as soon as they got a few more
provided tiie ohei-ts men. tbe sixty were lor practical
tive of the empi"jyer being imn ateria!. x)e cardinal error of defendants- poi-, plan to subvert the system of employ.
7he conclusion, however, that is
jfeiiht to be drawn is too broad. The
fact that tiie employment is at the
w ill of t e parties, retpet tivelv, does
tot make it one at tiie w ii! of oi! ers.
The enip'ove bas manif'-st iateret in
the freedem of tbe emnlover to pm
ere've his judrment w ithit iiiei-al in
terference or compulsi'in. and. by tLe
wei-ht of authority, the uni'iF:tic1 in
terfcrence of third persons i-1 ac'i in-
able a'tiioncb the eninoytrert
will." (Citing raanv caes.li
In short, plaintitf was and i eniiil
ed to the good will of its en ni'""".
precisely as a merchant is em 'led to
the rood will of Lis cii-tuncr-i 1
tfr?iich they are linger no (M::a''n
to con:inue to dc?l wi-h bHv The
value of the re'stion licj in th n'-i
sonaMe probabiliiy that bv p-rwrlv
treatine its e-eplovee-. r d f-!!!--
ben fair wares. ?' a"'J r
i7-k?Me grounds of Tf-Iis. wi'l
be aV to zeU:.i tl-r- ti -r;'..-. .
t'.-n lies in the a.-sutnpiion that t'.e
r:ht is so absolute that it may be ex
trr id under any circimstanres and
without any nualifica: ion : w beets in
tru'-. l.ke other r'shts tba ei.-t in
ci !;i7'-'i sm it-'y. it ni'ist aias (,e c -erc'e;
with reasonable regard for the
conPic tin: ri-'.its of others. Brcnnnn
. I niN Hat'trs. 7'. X. J. 7-S. 74.
The fa"iiliar maxim. Sic utere t'io tit
al-enum nn laechis liTe'ai'.v tran-
' at .v'.a'ed. "So use your own property as
not to iiij-ure that of anothec er--on.
but by more proper mterpretti'n '.-i
as not 'o iniure the rights of anoii'.er."
(Broom's I---. Max.. Si'i ed . 21-!! -aiqilies
to rotifli'-tiiig rhts ?' every
ii.-si r-p'ion for example. ! re t .
r ti'ore p-rfH!. are fnt'tUvf to iie
t' e sre road or pa. s-ige. e:e h one in
I !r a it is und-r a dutv to exercKe
;e not In l-lt'Tfcie w'h ;fs ll--e I v
t'-e ohei--. rr to dn-i'-'re ti'eni v h i
'ey it"- ;. Ar. 1 . r.-"-.-! fi-r.i'
.iT I'i'i'i th-" d". z. .. - f i--
;eent at the Hitchman mine, to which
thev had voluntarilx agreed ard unon
which their employer and their fe'low
employees were relvin?. was suficient.
B-t the facts render it rlain 't at
what the defendnnts were endeavoring
o do at the Hitchman tn'ne and nei--i-br.rirg
mines cannot br treHel a a
l'na fide effort ! cnlrrc t1ie ;tT!i-r.e-l;
of the Union. There is no ev
idence to show. :ior can i be inferred.
hat defendants intended or desired to
have the men at these chines join the
Union, unless he- couM orcn"U.' the
mines. Witiojt this, the pew meiu
ters woeld be added In hr pnrir
of men coT;icf inc or jtibs in 'he c
ca'r e. di-trii is. li. n' i:n,ii .eco
nit-l tn1 c tiieo- n!-n i s in t'i. I':ih
handle mines. U ept as 3 in .'iis to
?:e end of co upcIIniL t'.e out..-.r c1
n'!'-'- to .-'c-.-'t. th'.'r !' tt -'
cf on'-ra!-!1. h? Ic,',::it''v- .
10 ei!ar.e ti n i" v' -r
from p'aintiff's employ when and as
t;;ey bctne affiliated with the Union.
as their contract of employment re-1
quired them to do-and that in this
cent plaintiff would have been able
10 secure an adequate supply of, non-
union men to tak their places. It
was with knowledge of this, and be
cause of it. that defendants, through ,
he had about enough names at the
Hitchman to "crack off." by the state-;
n.ent to McKinley that twenty-foir
men at the (ilendale mine had joined
the organization, and sixty at the
Hitchman. and by the fact that ti.ey
actually succeeded in shutting down
the Richland about the midd'.e Vf Oc
tober. The declaration made roncen
!rt the filendale corroborated by the
at that
Hughes a - their agent, caused the new
members to remain at work in plain-' ev idence ot w hat happened
uii s iiiM.e iini.i a sumciei t nut'ioer mine.
cf men should be persuaded 10 join, xhat the damage resu'ling from a
as to bnt g about a strike and rend . strike would be irremediihl? at law
cr it di'firult if not practically impos- js too p!ajn for dsrnsi.vn.
sMe for plaintiff to continue to ex- Therefore, upon the i.n I -p:ite 1 fans
err ice its undoubted le-al anl consti- rf the rase, and the indubitable l.ifer
tutiotial right to run i's mine "noil- enres from them, plaiati'f is entitled
",lf"n-" tt relief by injunction. Having be
lt -aa.s one thing f.r plainiilf t? find. Come .ninced by three costly stnkcr
from t'mo to time, coiiiparatue'y occurring within a period of as rcnv
Mi
jj
ti' 'j?S-i
.! 1! I kxFA El i
I I r -4 i- 1 1 BH X Bl II I
r4:s Br k
small numbers of nii take vacant
places '' a going mine, another and a
ten. b more difli-ult li'n to fied a
loiiieb'tf ta'iu of new men to start up
:t mine s''iit i.h q liv a strike, wl'cn
fScie ' zlo he a reasonable apprehen
sion of V'oh'ii.e at the ::n.ls of fir
.tril.e'-: neil th, ir sv -nnafh' -ers. The
i!is'.ri irriil :i btioii cf a mining town
'n timt of s'T'i-e s in'ifr f ccir"on
1 iei :e T w;hs tirs fird of
. a- m.-.; ".a: re., d-.ac
yeai. of tne futility 01 aUe i ptin; ti
operate under a closed-shop agreement
wiih the Union, it est.ihlit.hr the
mine on a nn-nti'oii b isi , with to
iinanimoiis approval o" i's en'jiloyoes
- -'11 fact iinm heir su -wstio i xiil
under mutual agrcon.t ir. a-senird
to by every euiprJVi-". thai pla.nli'f
Mould toniinuelo ran Us m'lie n-r
oi-.r arid nonld "t r-coi:n'.e fl:t
1 sued M iie V orders ,.f Ar.erira. tii .t
.. t u wu eU --a-? 4 !.
'Mark Its Subtle Flavor".
You are always glad toknoVofa
delightful beverage to serv your!
guests. A bottle of Ambrosia is
greatly enjoyed with or between
meals.
Order A Case Sent Hotnt ;
Ambrosia is sold at Kesttftmnfs, Hotl. Cru'rs,
Fountain. Drug and Grocery SMres.
1
MYERS, DARLING & HOTOHl
Wholesale Distributors .sVi.
CENTRAL CONSUNlBRS CO., Ihc. lxurJUcvK.:
m .imp t an 1 m ' wt.y ' "" 1 " ' a FOUR
TIIE BISREE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 23, 1917.
iSOOlGtVNGWI
"War has made multifold and insist
ent demands on the time and energy
and money of busy Arizona women,
and it would be a difficult matter to
discriminate among them as to what
oce la the most necessary to the wel
fare or the fighting forces. It i safe
to sat that all the branches of war
work that are busying women of Bis
bee today are equally and absolutely
essential.
Not least by any means is Uie ex
cellent work being done by the surgi
cal dressings class of the Bisbee Wo
man's club, which meets in the club
building every Friday afternoon at 1
o'clock. The club furnishes its own
materials and sends the finished dress
ings to the Rd Cross rooms here from
which they are sent out along with the
regular Red Crow sewing.
The woman's club has laid aside all
literary pursuit in order to give ev
ery moment possible to this very nec
essary work, and all members have
showa the greatest interest and co
operation which should be an encour
agement to all women who are inter
ested in any branch of war work here.
Mrs. Poppen. who has charge of all
auch Tork i district, instructed
the members and saw that the work
was carried on to the best advantage,
aa It must be done under the strictest
sanitary conditions and requires deft
ness and care in handling.
St John's Guild of the Episcopal
church met with Mrs. Ivan Burgess
last Tuesday, and spent a very pleas
- ant afternoon. Among those who en
joyed Mrs. Burgess' hospitality were
Mesdames C. M. Lynn. Gerald Sher
man. M. P. John. Walter O'Malley.
X. S. Bennett, F. E. Bennett, Wilson,
White. P. E. Shine, Rundle, Duggan.
C. E. GoUwitxer and Johnson. The
next meeting of the Guild will take
place at the home of Mrs. Patton on
Mason Hill, the second of January.
A farewell tea in honor of Miss Car
lota Moyer was given by the board
members of the Young Women's
Christian association Monday after
noon. The blue parlor was decorated
with a profusion of beautiful flowers.
Tie board presented Misa Mover with
a radium watch, aa a memento of the
Bisbee association and a token of the
love and esteem in which she will
always be held here. Miss Moyer re
plied with an appropriate speech of
thanks, expressing her regret in leav
ing her friend here, and her glad
ness in looking forward to the new
fieid of work ' to which she is going.
A large number attended the tea. Mrs.
W. P. Sims, Mrs. E. A. Crocker and
lrs. J. P. Williamson poured.
The High School Alumni associa
tion la to give a dance the evening of
December 28, for the benefit of the
members who are back in Bisbee for
the Christmas holidays: The audl
torism will be appropriately decorat
ed with Christmas colors and Parish's
crchestra of four pieces win furnish
the music. The committee in charge
is composed of Mrs. Cl&rence WUtlg.
Miss Maud Braxiel and Miss Kitue
Regan. A great many invitations have
bees issued and a large attendance
is expected.
Mrs. John Stetson, daughter of Mrs.
Cove of Bakerville. left Thursday
morning for Camp Punston, where she
wQI spend the holidays visiting her
husband who is a private in the infan
try. Mr. Stetson went to Camp Pun'
stoo last September.
Miss Mabel Bourne of Los Angeles
has been spending the holidays with
Mtu Jennie Cowan at her home in
Warren.
Mrs. W. H. Swyers left Monday
morning for Las Vegas. New Mexico.
where she hopes to find improved
health. Mrs. Swyers leaves many
friends here who are very sorry to
hear of her 111 health. She expects
to be absent from Bisbee about two
months.
Miss Margaret Kennley is here from
Milwaukee, staying Mr. and Mrs. Hol
comb of Warren, through the Christ
mas holidays. Miss Kennley is Mrs.
Holcomb's aunt.
The Ladies' Bowling club will give
its annual dance at Odd Fellows nail
on New Year's eve.
S?
Friends of Mrs. Seigle will regret
to hear that she is III at the home of
Mrs. Briscoe with an attack of ap
pendicitis. The Woman's league of the Presby
terian church gave a social to the pas
tor and new members Monday evening
in the church, which proved to be an
occasion of much Joy to all who at
tended. Mrs. William Buck of Long Beach.
Cal is visiting her daughter. Mrs. C.
If. McConnell of Warren.
K
The Order of Eagle are giving a
nance inrurtmas ere. and another,
which Is their annual ball. New
Year's eve.
MissYerda Arborn who attends the
Tempe Normal school is home for the
Christmas holidays.
The Warren District Relief Associa
tion will see that all the needy Mexi
can families are provided with a
Christmas dinner, although the Board j
thought advisable not to supply any i
luxuries on account of the likelihood of i
there being greater need than usual j
during the coming winter months. Any
toys that can be donated to the Asso
ciation for the little Mexican children
They've Gotfthe Possum Cornered fand
toa& Hta- Come Through
: would be very much appreciated. As
I usual the. Association is always glad
i to get clothing that Is in fairly good
I well as any other families that are left
without a father to work and support
them.
t The Elks" Lodge will provide Christ-
j mas baskets for all the needy families
' outside of Mexicans whose names have
! been supplied to them by the Associa-
tion.
f
The Sunday school of the Baptist
churcn will give the following Christ-
; mas program at the church December
24. at 7 p. m.:
' Opening Song. Fallow His Star,
' School.
Prayer, Mr. Branaman.
Song. The Nativity, School.
Exercise, Christmas Greeting, Prim
ary Class.
Recitation. A Little Girl's Greeting.
Archie Lee HIgdon.
Recitation, My Hope. Alfie Knowles.
Recitation, The Christmas Horn,
Loyd Hutterman.
Song. Away in a Manger. Primary
Class.
Recitation. Mama's Curly Head. Ef
fie Erving.
Exercise, Little Candles. Primary
Class.
Recitation. The Queer Gift, June Al
lison. Recitation. I'm Going tt Hang up a
Stocking. Mildred Bradley.
. Song, Little Lambs. Juanita Voelker.
' Drill. Little Soldiers. Junior Boys.
Recitation. Our Country's Flag, BUI
Beam.
Recitation. Being Good, James
Knowles.
Song. Happy Time, Dorothy CcSper
and Chorus.
Recitation. The Old Fashioned
Grandma, I mo Beam
Recitation. Christmas Time. Jewel
StodgilL
Exercise, Bethlehem Town. Junior
Girls.
Song. While Shepherds Watched.
Alfie Knowles.
Duet, Bells of Christmas. Beatrice
Trusco and Elisabeth Bradley.
Recitation. Grandma's Stocking.
Janie Hutterman.
Recitation, Stretch It a Little. Mar
tha C&opex.
Song, Our King Is Here, Junior
boys.
Tableaux, Intermediate girls.
!
At a recent meeting of the Red
Cross surgical dressings class at the
Woman's club, the following women
were present: Mesdames M. E. Gage,J
N. C Bledsoe. D. H. Landis. S. H.
Time was when the sweater was
hardly considered a necessary adjunct
to the woman's wardrobe. It was at
Erst con&ned chiefly to the use of
men; then the outdoor firl. envying
the comfort of her brother, began to
appropriate It for her own use. Sweat
ers soon became very popular among
college girls, and their use spread to
aQ classes of women, mainly those
who went in for sports and athletics,
since nothing could be more comfort
able for a long walk in the fall or
spring and for skating and other
sports than a big. warm, woollly
sweat.er.
The first sweaters for women were
made along the same lines as those
for men. and were Intended for use
and not - for ornament ; but a great
change has taken place in the last
two or three years. Finer, softer
yarn ia being used, and the variety
of colors and shades is almost In
finite. All last spring and summer
the little low-necked, sleeveless sweat
ers were worn everywhere, and Im
parted an air of Jauntiness to com
plete the costume, besides affording
sufficient protection " against the
breeze of a cool day.
Warmth and Beauty
With the approach of cold weather,
s-rvaters are being made with an eye
to warmth, as well as beauty. As for
the letter, some of these newer gar
ment can scarcely be adequately de
scribed, and the soft fleeciness of the
yarns, Shetland, angora and brushed
wool, the perfect workmanship and
beautiful colors, which may be pale
or vivid, but always have that soft
finish which makes them desirable to
the most fastidious. Perhaps there is
a scarcity of dyestuffs, as has been
rumored; if so the manufacturers
have proven equal to the occasion and
the public is not allowed to see any
evidence of such a shortage. At any
rate, the plain, heavy, dull-colored
sweaters of a decade ago would never
recognize as their offspring some of
the butterfly affairs of today.
Style Changes
The designs of the sweater of to
day follow the same lines as the coats
and tunics. Some of the new dis
tinctive features are the convertible
collar, trimming with contrasting col-i
ors, and the large, fancy buttons, j
which may be of composition, angora j
wool or crochet. Of the latter a.
fewer number are used. Some of the
garments open a little to one side
of the center front, and nearly all;
open to the throat and have sailor or
high, convertible collars. The sleeves!
are comfortably loose, and turned-'
backed cuffs are used. j
Among the yarns, brushed wool,
aeems to be holding first place, andj
the long hairs give an attractive,!
fluffy appearance. Sash belts are still
'FASHION HINT
frf I
d
2 .-W 'J
This old-fashioned, figured tafTeta
is worked up on bouffant lines. The
fullness, the bodice, with its lovely
drop shoulder line, make it winsome
The hat emphasizes the picturesque
effect.
Kyle. F. G. Beckner. M. C High. C.
H. Moore, Ben Frankenburg. Ivan
Burgess. Howard Barkeli. Frances
Cummings. L. L. Oilman, W. E. Han
kin, C, F. Hawley. Frank Juliff. M. H.
SterUng, W. H. Stratton, Carl Tries
chke and MLss Dorothy Gregs.
Mrs. E. E. Ellinwdbd wishes to an
nounce that Red Cross Christmas anti
tuberculosis seals may still be pur
chased wherever the Christmas seal
wreath is displayed. Red Cross Christ
mas seals are very decorative for the
last of the Christmas gift packages
and letters.
seen occasionally, but the wide,
straight belt is the "dernier crL"
A Recent Display
la a roccct display of a dozen or
more sweater coats, no two had the
same color combination or style. One
was of purple brushed wooL having
the appearance of being flecked with
white, and had collar, cuffs and belt
of the same material in pale yellow.
Another of rose pink wool had trim
mings of white. A sweater of mannish
type was of angora in the autumn col
ors mixture, with collars and cuffs
of the same. A pale-blue Shetland bad
sailor collar, pocket flaps and cuffs
of black angora, and also large, round
buttons of angora.
A mustard-colored Shetland had a
black stripe of angora on the cuffs
and belt, and one of vivid green was
ribbed with, black . stripe and had
self-collar and cuffs striped with
black.
The gem of the whole collection
was a novelty sweater of pale pink
and gray Shetland. It ' was made
plain to the waist, the skirt was fulL
with vertical stripes of pink and gray,
and was laid in box pleats so that
the pink came on the outside and the
gray showed only vhen the wearer
moved. The collar and cuffs were of
gray Shetland and the sash belt of
pink angora. It was buttoned clear
to the throat with six large crocheted
buttons of the gray Shetland.
Scarf to Match
A' great many sweaters are seen
with the scarf and toque to match.
These are warm and practical for
school girls' and for motorine. The
dearest sets are made for children,
and the little fellows look miphty cnto
with their mufflers wound round their
necks, and caps to match pulled down
over their ears.
. . Seen in the Shoos
Very smart sport hats are now
made of crocheted chenille. They
come in almost every color and have
flowers embroidered around the crown
in chenille of harmonizing colors.
Veils of Shetland wool protect one's
eomnlexion from the Iciest of winter
winds, and should prove esnedafly
ponular among the fair motorists.
Scotch socks for children are
knitted of heavy yarn, reach just to
the knee and then turn over, with a
ton strined In contrasting colors.
Knittinr needles of Imitation tor
toise shell mounted In silver and en
graved with the recipient's initial
make a very acceptable Christmas
gift
Among the hand bags is a very pret
ty one of robin's egg blue velour, em
broidered with worsted in harmoniz
ing colors.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
v X.
Knights Templar to Observe
Christmas Appropriately
Ttisliee Commandery wil lccehrate the Christmas Observance In
their Asylum Christmas morning at 9:4.. o'clock. It Is fitting that
all Christian people observe In some manner the natal day of our
Lord and Saviour and this great body of Christian Knighthood cele
brate the occasion in their asylum on Christmas In all parts of the
world where they are located. Tnis service is so timed that it Is
held in all localities at the same hoiir. which ranges from six o'clock
in the morn Ins to five thirty in the afternoon, depending upon the
part of the wor'd in which rh-y ire situated. All sojourning Sir
Knights and their Indies are cordially invited to attend.
The following program has been arranged for the service:
DOXOLOGY Lead by Choir
DEVOTION The Lord's Prayer... Lead by the Prelate
LESSON St. Luke II, V 1-14 inc. Read by Prelate
ANTHEM Christmas Selection Choir
FIRST TOAST To Our Grand Master M. E. Sir Lee S. Smith
THE GRAND MASTER'S RESPONSE
R. E. Sir, Nelson Charles Bledsoe
SOLO Silent NiQht Mr. J. P. Williamson
ORDER OF GRAND COMMANDER Read by Recorder
SECOND TOAST To the Grand Commander, Knights Templar of
Arizona
RESPONSE R. E. Sir, Charles Francis Philbrook. Grand
Commander of Arizona
THIRD TOAST To all Knights Templar who have shed their
blood in defense of Liberty and Christianity, and to
the memory of all ether Sir Knights who have laid
down their knightly armor and passed to the Great
Beyond
RESPONSE Nearer. My God. to Thee Lead by Choir
FOURTH TOAST To the Grand Master of the Grand Lodge
of Arizona M. W. Bro. Charles Curtis Woolf
RESPONSE OF GRAND MASTER E. Sir. Elbert Pinoe Brewster
FIFTH TOAST To the Grand High Priest of the Grand
Chapter of Arizona M. P. Comp. Edward W. Wellington
RESPONSE OF THE GRAND HIGH PRIEST
E. Sir John Thomas Abrams
ANTHEM Christmas Selection .-..v Choir
SIXTH TOAST To the General Grand Master of the General
Grand Council of the United States of America ..,
M. P. Comp. Edward W. Wellington
RESPONSE OF THE GENERAL GRAND MASTER
E. Sir, George Washington Stewart
VIOLIN SOLO "Twilight" Bendix, Mr. J. G. Bertendis
Mr. F. R. Reynolds, Piano
SEVENTH TOAST To the Eminent Commander, Sir James L. Powell
RESPONSE : E. Sir, William Ralph Banks
EIGHTH TOAST To the Worthy Grand Matron of the Grand
Chapter of the Eastern Star of Arizona . W. Sister Delia Frier
RESPONSE OF THE WORTHY MATRON
E. Sir, George Alexander Bridge
NINTH TOAST To Our Ladies.
RESPONSE
HYMN "America"
CHOIR
Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Williamson
Mrs. G. O. Rhodes Mr. E. L. Blair
Mr. F. R. Reynolds, Organist
The Churches
First Christian Church.
Preaching and communion. 11 a. m,
subject. "The Birth of Christ."
Bible school. 10 a. m., L. T. Fraxier.
Supl
Youngpeople's meeting. 6:30 p. m.
A Christmas program will be render
ed at the church Monday evening at
S o'clock.
Rev. R. E. Dunlap. or Phbeuix. will
speak Sunday evening at 7:30. The
Cooper City Quartette will sing some
of their best selections. You are cor-!
dially invited to come
ami worshin!
with us.
W. S. DEATHERAOE.
Presbyterian Church. i
The services at the Presbyterian j
Church on Sunday morning will have
especial reference to the Christmas
Festival, and in connection the follow
ing musical program will be given:
QCARTETTE
"There Were Shepherds Abiding in
the Field, Birch.
Mrs. J. P. Williamson. Mrs. G. O.
Rhodes, Mr. J. P. Williamson, Mr. Lee
Blair.
VOCAL SOLO.
"The New Born King" Chas. L'Es
poir. Miss llelyn Treu.
VOCAL SOLO.
"Star ot the East" C Whitney
Coombs.
Mrs. William Grant.
VOCAL SOLO.
"Let Not Your Heart Be Troubled'
C. Marschal Loepke.
Mr. Ed Evans. Jr.
ORGAN
Prelude,
Novdlo.
Offertory,
DuBois.
Postlude,
March of the Nations" i
"March of the Magi King
"Adeste Fldeles.
First Baptist Church
Sunday school. 9:43 a. m. J. II
Branaman, superintendent.
Morning service, 11 a. m. Sermon
subject. "Christmas and the Cradle."
Junior B Y. P. 6:43-p. in.
Senior B. Y. P. 6:45 p. n. Sub
ject. "CLrisimas Giving. Mr. Mat
thews, leader.
EEvening service. 7:45 p. m Ser-j
mon subject
Perseverance of!,'
Saints."
Christmas program
on Christmas
Eve at 7 c'clock.
All are cordially invited
these services.
I". M. TITM AN
to attend
Pastor.
Presbyterian Church
Sunday school. 9:45 a. m. Harry
Crockett, superintendent.
Morning worship. 11 o'clock. The
entire service will be devoted to the
Christmas Idea and there will be a
special musical program.
Young People's meeting. 6:3i p. m.
Evening worship. 7:30 o'clock. Ser
mon topic, "How to Know Christ."
(Christmas discourse.)
On Monday evening. December 24.
at 7:30 o'clock, the customary Christ
mas entertainment will be given by
the Sunday school.
ALLAN KRICHBAVM. Tastor.
There will be preaching services at
South Bisbee Sunday. December 23. at
11 a. m. Also at Warren on the same!
date at 7:30 p. m. The Sunday
school at Soutn msDee meets at z,
Bisbee meets at
p m. and the Sunday school at War-jha moved to the Hughes Block, cm
ren convenes at 10 a. nt. Exercises. In poslte the Y. M. C. A- Th sale w ill
keeping with the holiday season, will.be continued just as long as the sup
be conducted In the Sunday school, ply of clothing holds out. as the de
rooms on Christmas Eve in Warren, 'mand is very great
E. Sir, Frank Ellis Bennett
I The public is invited to attend the
exercises. The children are especially
invited. A. J. IRWIN. Minister.
Christian Science Society of Bisbee
holds services in the Women's Club
building on Quality Hill on Sunday at
11:15 a. &i.; Wednesday evening at
7:45. The public is welcome and, in
vited to attend. Subject for Sundav,
December 23. "Is the Universe. Includ
ing Man, Evolved by Atomic Forcer
St. John's Episcopal Church
Sunday school. 5:45 a. m.
Morning service, 11 o'clock.
Warren Sunday school 9:43 a. m.
Christmas day: Earlv celebration of
aoi communion, :30 a. m.
.Morning service and holy commun-
Ion.
11 o clock. Special music.
H. S. BREWSTER. Rector.
I
Methodist Episcopal
Sunday school. S:4a.
Public worship. 11. Prelude story.
A New Kind of Christmas 1 Yes rent."
Christmas sermon. "Christ Is King."
Epworth league meeting. :3rt; Har
ry Aiken, leader.
Evening worship. 7:30. Topic; "How
to Vse the World."
The Sunday school Christmas serv
ice will be .Monday evening at 7.
CHARLES W. HARSH. MAN.
Y. W. C. A. Notes
The Young Women's Christian Asso
ciation wishes to report that the recent
! for the war fund was a complete
bucctvs. i ne amount collected in the
Warren District was $2,853.27: and the
amount from outside was $2,750. mak
ing a total of $ 5.643 "7. The airt. from
the people exceeded all expectations.
ine workers wish to express their
hearty appreciation of the cooperation
of those who assisted them so willing
ly, and the captains and members of
the various committees deserve the
j big est commendation for their untiring
zeaL
The Mexican class in English was
agreeably surprised when they came to
the association building Friday evening
to find that instead f study, games
and music were to be the order of the
evening. Refreshments were served
I . 1 . , . .
"," . I , , Juea. nu
" 7m " vluv
Miss Mover leaves Sunday night tor
Hopewell. Va. Mrs. Col ton ia to be
acting secretary in her place, while
Miss Carpenter arrives from Pouglas
the first of the year rt assume the
dutiea of "house mother."
SOUP TO NUTS.
Company L. Thirty Fifth infantry,
encamped at Lowell, will dine and
dine well on Christmas day. judging
from the elaborate menu which has
been prepared for the occasion. If
anything, that goes rj make up a great
Christmas dinner is lacking in the
menu. It would take the eyes ot a
French chef to point it out The boys
nt rnnintnv I will roiAhrstA ,nnNv
priately.
IN AERO SERVICE.
Cortin Hamilton, former circulation
manager of the Revie.v who wento to
San Francisco two weeks a;o to en-
list. Is now
in the aerial branch of
; the service.
RUMMAGE SALE MOVED.
The Red Cross Rumn.ar has
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MIRING DISTRICT
MEN'S DEPARTMENT
weeks; Its aims and its probable
President Arthur N'otman Is still o'ltj lensth. Every one present Introduced
of the district. In California endeav- himself and was given the glad hand,
oring to secure some badly needed j Mr. Perkins was appointed to look, up
rest. The members wUh him a spicily price fixing and give a paper tn It next
recovery. I 'line. All thw interested in hl;h (or
'low) j.rires should tifnd and have
The practical ropper mining course' -heir
jls just the thing for men with puh'
land ambition. Even if you are just
here to "make your stake." it i:i do'
you pood to gel risht where the idea j
laniv nature ot the mining game
; explained by the men wlio run it.
a re
With Secretary Ru hard-on and As
distant County Engineer Wheeiau out
of the game Wednesday exeniuc at the:
5 oclot k Volley Ball duo. the opis
ling side made their getaway and,
! rolled up 10 scores ahead. l'apuii!
Cobbe is confident of final victory, but , bowling team, say that t'tere is mora
Captain WheeJan is just a. cool as a ' enthusiasm shown just : in the
cucumber and says it can't be "did."! bow ling gtme than ever befve. Every
juian In the district, from the mucker
C. F. Philbrook's American Govern-' to the banker, who has ever bowled
ment club is the place to find out ex-'at all is min in this tournament to
isctly what our ZDvernment actually is.
;Do on fail to attend next week.
jber ... at 10 p. m. Last nUht's hish
Henry Aiken Is still a bachelor, but: scores were made by William Frown,
says ISIS will surely see him har- LlttK ;: Martyr. 206; ?er-
fnessd up for the balance of hi short,
career. )
Many inquiries about the basket-ball
tournament, which indicates a prom
ising season. Risht after the holi-lay
the fun w ill surdy begin.
Frank Wakh. the Brewery dutch
cartoonist, ha reproduced a drawing
' for the association, entitled ' Poostiiis
Our Boys Over the Top," typify inp the
work and value of the "Y" in the
army. The drawing is a work of art
and is well worn, the time of any
resident of the district to make a spe
cial visit to the association building
to view it. The association manage
ment wishes to acknowledge the sift
w-ifk tKfktil-a Tlld mVt, ttl tVir.l
! picture Mr. Walsh has donated to
the V.
The City Basket Ball league w ill be
gin its games the first of January.
Five teams are now signed up and
many of the players are practicing
regluarly. If you have a team yoa
wish to enter in the league, or you
wish to arrange for practice hour,
see the physical director.
A. A. Burr has been here several
times and Is much taken wi:h the
Y. M. C. A.
The course in Spanish at the Y Is
live and practical You cannot afford
to miss It. The knowledge of Sapnish
may easily mean another $40 on your
salary.
Arthur Strandberg. who drives th
Higgins motor truck, is going ti take
a vacation with his family on the
coast. Merry Christmas to him.
Mr. Philbrook's American Govern
ment club is the place to find out
exactly what our government actually
Is. Do not rail to attend next week.
Sergeant Blinman. the British re
cruiting officer, may be found at the
Y. most any hour of the day. He re
ports quite a few Britishers giving up
lucrative jobs to go back and assist in
licking the Hutch cxar.
The Spanish club idea is taking root
and is flourishing. The idea ot actu
ally talking Spanish, instead of merely
thinking about it. seems very attrac
tive. The next meeting will be held
at i o'clock next Wednesday.
The series of volley ball games in
the 5 and S o'clock dubs still contin
ues. The winners will be announced
January 1. and the five championship
games will be played between the best
in each club.
C. A. Gregovloh had the misfortune
to loose his balance and fell in the
concrete bath room floor Wednesday,
breaking his arm. He was promptly
attended by lr. Bledsoe and taken to
the hospital.
F. C. Strebe Is taking tutorial les
sons in algebra and French. Vertrees
Montgomery and Mr. Reagan have
tlso expressed themselves as interest
ed and are getting the books.
Sidney Werthen. the oldest roomer
ia the dormitory, ixpects to join the
navy soon.
Any person wh- is dissatisfied with
his English should see M. M. IVmalo
son. educational secretary. Members
of the class are well suited.
Carl Scribner and Percy Yerlan
have just joined the Spanish eonvc-r-
catton cla. They are prvr?ecstn
fast.
To the numerous inquiries as to
why the big Y sign was dark on
Thussday night, the only reply is that
the association is patriotic and obey
ing the Injunction of the "power that
be" all display signs from now on
win pe oousei on inursuay aim juu-
Uav lllllB. V lllie t-nill inuma
coal.
Walter Smoot has just joined the
Spanish conversation class.
The address of Secretary Frasier of
(Douglas last Sunday afternoon was
(greatly enjoyed by the big crowd of
men present
The Current Events club held its
second meeting last Sunday night at,,'.
7 o'clock, with J. B. Tenney tn tne
rhair. The discussion raged ahout the
Htorr of the war fr the last two
Edward Alexis, an old member of
the h-om- iatinn. has jttM rejoined. H-f
intend. to take up Spanish conversa-
it ion in Uie tioar fuuire. He ts Ut Jn-
tfrpstfd In ftncins.
Preparation are now under way for
the i liess tournament with tlie library.
The V t tvwj claim tli-y can put it
v-r once more,
Chatinrey Mitt Kelt. m:!jiai;Pr of the
'make t!ie first or second team. The
I tournament dosed Saturday. Decem-
scant Miller. ;24.
Assoc iure Secre'srv Mnrlev is some
singer, as those who hear him leading
the popular srg service every Sunday
sfu-ruoon wi'I testify, and as he in
quite anxious to form a mele quartet
ie Is asking for volunteer. In case
on can warble and are ir.tfrevc-t.
see hhn quickly.
That lovely teolln that creeps over
a feliow on Sunday, the temptation to
the fdlow sway from home to get a
hit homesick. cn be greatly alleviated
by arten.ng t'.e Men's Sunday club.
A sjre ru- for any case ot th blue.
Try it. The Christinas serruon today
wlii be worth your while.
Ch'istmas day will bo appropriately
celebrated and a good time assured all
who vi.-.'t the b'lililinsr. Something
doing ail day.
BOYS' DEPARTMENT
It is mo1- Important than ever be
fore that the beys of our country
should have snmetMng definite and of
value to occupy their time. Most of
us do not realiie that crir.'e is in
creasing because our boy is not a
crlmiual. When t"n tacts are known,
however, ve find that the rate of irs
crease among boys Is appalling. It is
-;l a iru.i.g lav t tv know that a
very larse per cent of the men e;n
ined for n:ilitary servic were unable
to pass tha examination. As the Y.
M. C. A. is servlnr the men in thi
army and navy, s,i ihe Y. M. C. A. is
serving the toy at home to aid ia
keeping them physically and morally
lit. for they are to become the army
of the near fu?ure. Every boy In the
Warren district shovld be a member
of the great organisation that Is help
ing to win the war. The cost is very
small. Why not clve your boy a
membership for a Christmas rresent?
ile would greatly appreciate such a
present because of the many benefits
and privileges that he would enjoy as
a nemher and because of his oppor
tunity to serve in such a helpful or
ganixation. The lUsbee-Pouglaa relay race la the
btg event for the boys in the near fu
ture. One hundred and ten boys arti
wanted for the race,
luglas won the
race last vear and Bisbee must carry
away the trophy this year. All boys
who are unler 17 years of age. wL'S
can run at all. should sign up for th
relay race at the boys' department
office of the Y. M. C. A. The follow
ing boys have already signed up and
are practicing daily at 4:3t o'clock:
Joseph Cain. Albert Odde:etto. Harold
Fruitman. Howard Cain. Charles Mad
der. Hayden Price. Phil Newlln. Eddi
Sandburg. Frauk Harris. James Mul
len. Arthur Peterson. Huber: Petloff,
Bertram Morse, Thomas Milbura,
Leonard Maddcrn. Lawrence Frasoo.
Albert Sutciift'e. Otis Livingstone. Lyel
Nov!., George Raw-ley. Ernest Rute
man, Fenton McKcnna, Harry Harsh
man. George Grecoich. Arnold Bald
win. Arichie KrvlofT. James iWdonet
to, Jee Carettiv, Karl Raney, Titus
Deberly. William Higsins, Tex Greer.
Cordon Wallace. BuJ Haskel. Melton
Morse, John Berutto. January 1 will
soon be here and every boy should
be in training for the event. If you
wish to enter the race, get your name
cn the iist tir.d put yours-lf in trim
t-v defeu iHuslas.
nit vm' -a
rEk VS Remove the
V JS5r- nd hb,t J
lines, Learn wlut :
lAKINELLO ;
FACIAL MASSAGE
T Call t" -m:l o or T"'J t. rpm
J '! PoVV- "X jr ,t Hi Skin " or aend
1 two csiiuio cover cval ot mUins.
r' - -
McDonalds Marlnello Shop
Phone SOS .
B mm w man :! W T