tin
Fourteen j
Pages j
Two
Sections
Ai!-f H.IOJ.Vt
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service,
, 19i"7.
VOL 20. No. 140.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 18
PRICE FIVE CENTS
X
i
A-
y
Italians Stand Like Granite
And Beat Back Onrushing
Teuton Hosts on Piave Line
But banger of Break Is Not
Yet Fassed Teutons, Still
Press Fierce Attacks
Haig Smashes On In
Flanders
Kerensky Beaten and Is In
Flight Bolesheviki Seem
to Dominate Stricken
Russia More Ameri
ca n s Wounded
Spirited Artillery
Duel
Italy's armies are making a heroic
and tJO far successful stand against the
Austro-Gerroan masses thrown against
them In desperate attacks along the
line of the Piave river and in the
mountainous region from the Piave
westward to the edge of the Trentino
district. The river line has not been
breached at any point, while tne
thrust of; the Austrians fjuthward
from the hills in an attempt to drive a
wedge through to the plains behind
the Piave line is making slow progress.
" It is now more than a week since
the Italians, retreating from the Tag
liamento. crossed to the west bank of
the Piave and took up their defensive
positions behind it. jThe German com
mand lost Vj time in attempting to
force a passage of the stream, and the
enemy efforts were pressed on a scale
of increasing intensity during all last
week.
The Italian resistance however.
seems to be growing stronger rather '
than otherwise., Tne latest Ausiro
German attempts to gain a permanent
held on the westerly side of the Have
were not 'jnly brilliantly frustrated
but the enemy columns were badly cut
up and nearly one thusand Teutons
were taken prisoner.
These attacks on the river line were
delivered just above the Zenson Loup,
where the invaders first effected a
crossing and were hemmed in from the
start. They are steadily being driven
here into an increasingly restricted
zone, the Rome war office now an
nounces. Near the Adriatic the water
barrier to any Austro-German ad
vance toward Venice, raised by the op
ening jf the Rood gates into the
swampy region, is being reinforced by
the wcrk of the army artillery and
the guns of Italian warships on the Ad
riatic. -
The Italian line has yielded slightly
in the hills east of the Brenta where
the capture of Monte Prassolan by
AuBtro-Hungarian troops is announced
by Berlin. No further advances for
the attacking forces in the mountain i
region northeast jf Asiago are claim-,
ed. i
Brtiish Improve Line.
Military operations in Jhe other war
tkantraa r. rA a iininnnratlvpiv
small scale. The most important move
was made in Flanders by the British .
who pushed further north, on the Goe-;
berg spur, northwest of Passchendaele,
capturing a strongly fortified redoubt i
kiAwn as Vocation farm and so im- j
proving their positions in thf sector
as to make the present line across ;
Passchendaele ridge easier to hold.
Turks Still Retreat -
In Palestine the British forces, j
which recently have made no spectac-j
ular an advance up the Mediterranean !
" . ,.!;., . ,
coast to the neighborhood of Jaffa are
still moving forward, but apparently ;
feeling their way with some cautAin. i
The Turks are giving signs of making j
a stand a few miles north of Jaffa,
where they are reported attempting te
prepare an entrenched position.
Big Gun Roar On American Front
In the sector of tlif French front 1
held by the American troops there has
been Increased activity by the artillery
incidental to which there has been ad
ditions to the American casualty list,
some jf which occurred when a Ger
man shell hit an American gun. The
American ba:eries have been energetic
in their reply, giving the Germans bet
ter than they sent, in the opinion of
observers, f
On the naval side of the war there is
an interesting development in the
North Sea. where British light forces
operating In Helgoland Bight encoun
tered and engaged German light cruis
ers on Saturday morning. The British
admiralty reported, in an earry state
ment that the Germans made off at
high speed with the British vessels in
pursuit.
Gets Worse and Worse In Russia.
From Russia the latest dispatches
report Tremier Kerensky in flight, big
whereabouts unkonw n in Petrograd, af
ter having been defeated by Boleshe
viki and deserted by the greater part
of his own officers and men. One re-
port attributes the premier's defeat to!
the intervention 'of Iettisb fores, 30,- j
uuu s.rong, on uie siue ui uie uoieMie
viki. The Bolesheviki are also appar
ently in control of Moscow, where the
provisional government' forces are re
ported io have been penned in the
Kremlin under artillery bombardment
L'nconfirmed reports say the bom-i
bardment was followed by the arrange
ment of a truce between the hostile
factions.
FIGHTING GROWS FIERCER.
HEDQUARTERS OF THE ITALIAN
ARMY IN NORTHERN ITALY, Fri
day, Nov. 16. (By The Associated
i Press, 6 p. m.) After five days of
heavy shell fire, Overing their advance
with storming parties at chosen points
the Austro-Germans have not been
able to pass the Piave river in force
but are held by the desperate resisting
force developed by the re-organlzed
Italian army. This has shown oflicers
and soldiers alike the power of resist
ance they possess, and has given them
tangible evidence that this menacing
rush from beyond the muntains can at
least be check sd if not stopped entire
ly. The chief scenes of action are on
j the lower plave where colonel General
Borovkh's Austrians have their left
i under the fire of UaUans and aiiied
naval guns at the mount of Piave, their
right under bombardment by Italiaa
batteries and their front faced with
fifteen miles of inundated country
Further up on the middle Piave the
Austrians who succeeded in getting a
fc'otbold on the we3t bank near Zenson
are crowded down to the waters edge.
The invaders here have scant food
and munitions and have been unable
thus iar to bring over reinforcements
from the east bank. All their attempts
to float a ponton bridge have failed
under the enfilading fire of the Italian
guns on both their flanks.
Situation Looks Grave.
ITALIAN HEADQUARTERS, Nov
17. (By The Associated Press.) The
Austro-Germans today made furious at
tempts to break the Italian line and
crossed the Piave river at two points
but were annihilated at one point and
driven back at the other. The Italian
lines are holding but the situation is
considered to be grave.
Haig Smashes
Oil in His Drive
For Roulers
BRITISH FRONT IN BELGIUM,'
Nov. 17 (By the Asociated Press).
i Dring last night the British carried 1
out a small, .successful operation :
northwest of Passchendaele, on the
Goeberg spur, by which they advanced
section of their line and forced theiruunas. Jonn wcKay, former sec-
j Germans to give up Vocation farm, a
strongly fortified redoubt which
has
(Continued on Page Seven.)
19 Men Now
Reported Lost
On Rochester
(By Review. Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Not. 17. Nineteen
,
men, Including six members of the
naval armed guard, probably lost their
lives when the American steamship
Rochester was torpedoed in t'ue war
zone November 2.
Early reports to.' the navy depart
ment told only of two members ot
the crew being killed by the explo-
sion, but today Vice Admiral Sims
cabled that four men died of expos
ure in an open boat, that another boat
with the second officer and eleven
other men had been given up as lost
and that one member of the crew
was drowned.
Three Men Injured,' One Fatally,
In Auto Race At State Fair
(By Review Leased Wire.) .
PHOENIX, Nov. 17. Three men
were Injured, me perhaps fatally, in
the free-for-all ten miles professional
race at the state fair grounds this
afternoon. A. M. Pelkey, mechanician
for A. B. Fletcher, is in the Sisters'
hoHf;tal with a fractured skull and
concussion of the brain and with
Blight chances of recovery. Pelkey
was struck in the bead by a broken
timber when his car dashed through
the fence in the wake of the car driv-
ARIZONA BOYS
INSISTED UPON
I
i (By Review Leased Wire.)
PHOENIX. Nov. 17. Threatening to
disrupt the entire racing program at i
the state fair grounds this af ernoon, ,
officials or the International Motor
Contests association and entrants forj
the Arizona races entered into a con
troversy 'relative to the scope of. the
entry fees deposited by the Arizona j
entrants, which was adjusted only aft-j
er an almost complete rearrangement
of the program.
I. M. C. A. officials contended that!
the entry fee entitled the entrants'
only to the right to compete in liiei
25-mile Arizona race. The Arizona!
boys held that they were also en-j
titled to race in "the free-for -all pro-
fessional contest.
W" fi nil the imnnliffit rare nronarari I
. ' . . , "
to com to the scratch, for the pro -
fessional event, the Arizona boys bar -
ncaueu me intcK wim uieir cars
and stood pat until some settlement
of the controversy was made. Appeal
ing to the crowd for support of their
stand, the boys asked: "Howmany of
you are with us?"
The crowd rose to its feet, almost!
to a man. and hundreds swarmed upon i
RIGHTS A
RACES
the track. ' Thome, who gave an exhaustive re-
Not until it was decided that the I view of statistics prepared by tha
scheduled 25-mile professional race shippers, tending to show that rail
wSuld be cut to a 10-mile competition, T9i securities bad not declined rs
and that the Arizona bovs would be I much as some others, and that earn-
allowed to compete, was the crowd in-
duced to clear the course.
Thomas We'll Arizona Race
Glenn Thomas won. the Arizona
race. Jim Th'omas was second and
Bostler third., The first ten miles was
made in 9 minutes 20 seconds; the
first twenty miles in 19 minutes 26
seconds, and the speed for the entire
race was 24 minutes and 50 seconds.
Glenn Thomas led from the start, and
Jim Thomas . held second place
throughout the contest. In the ten
mile free-for-all professional Breed
won, Bndicott second. Lamokia third.
Time, 9 minutes 44 seconds.
TEXAS PERGURY CASES SET
(By Review Leased Wire.)
AUSTIN, Tex.. Nov. 17. The cases
against ex-Governor Ferguson and C.
W. Woodman, former labor commis-
signer, charged with perjury, are set
for November 22nd. The cases charg-
lnB misapplication of public funds
'against Charles L. Stone, former state
superintendent of state buildings and
retary of State Churchill Bilrtlett, for
mer secretary of state, and Charles O.
Austin, commissioner of insurance and
banking are set for November 19.
U. S. SOLDIER EXECUTED
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17. An Amer
ican soldier or General , Pershing's
forces, found guilty by court-martial
of the rape and murder of a French
woman, has been executed by a firing
squad. All details of this, the first
death penalty imposed since the
troops landed in Europe, are being
withheld by the war department.
DEATH VALLEY JIM SCOTT WEDS
(By Review Leased Wire)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 17. James
Scott, former pitcher for the Chicago
American league baseball club, now
enrolled at the United States reserve
officers' training camp at the Pre
sidio here, married Miss Harriet Cook
here today. The bride is a sister ot
Mrs. George Weaver, wife of the
White Sox infielder.
en by Willis Young, the first to leave
the track. I
Fletcher Is at his home, suffering Quest Dr- Garfield, orders shutting
with slight injuries. Young is at a down on shipments to any named in
hospital with a dislocated shoulder, jdustries.
Mrs. Fletcher, wife of the driver of' "
the car in which Pelkey was riding
as mechanician, says that Fletcher .
was -ndeavorti-j to follow the d-ist
trail left by Y oung's car. When J
Young's machine went through the
fence, rays Mrs. Fletcher, Fletcher. I
blinded by the dust, followed.
; Garfield Wins
! (By Review Leased Wire) i
' KANSAS CITY, Nov. 1J. Work- (
- ins contracts embodying the muc-i I
disputed "automatic penalty clause" '
; Insisted upon by Fuel Administrii- .'
j tor Garfield, wero signed here to- '
nigJit by the presidents of the Mis-
souri, ' .Arkansas, ' Oklahoma and '
: Kansas union. mine dLslricts and
; representatives of the Southwest '
't Coal Operators' association.
', The action came after the dele-
j gates from the Missouri and Ar-
; kansaa-Oklahoma delegates to the
J miners convention being held here '
I had withdrawn (rom the conven-
tlo.i and authorized their presidents -I
to agree to the penalty clause. Al- !
exander Howat. president of the
K'.nsas district, then yielded and ,
; signed.
SHIPPERS ATTACK
THE PROPOSED
FREIGHT RAISE
(By Review I -fared Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17. Taking ot
i testimony in the hearin gof the 13
i per cent advance freight rate case be-
' fore the Interstate commerce commis-
!
- sion was completed today with the in
troduction of witnesses by shippers
in an effort to show that the' financial
condition of the railroads is not as
serious as had been contended and
that an increase in freight rates now
is unwarranted. i
The principal witness was Clifford
jings of the thirty-eight eastern roads
i interested, already had exceeded bv
$60,000,000 sint-jjiuary 1 the esti
mates the railroads gave of their earn
ings for 1917 when the case was heard
earlier in the year.
Representatives of southwestern
cattle interests testified that an in
crease in rates even in eastern terri
tory only would work a hardship on
the industry, which they said had
been abnormally bad for the raisers
for two years. Edward C. Lassiter,
who raises cattle on a large scale i i
Texas, stated that the cattlemen who
shipped to the middle western mar
kets would be affected by "the rates
in the east because the packers would
consider the increased transportation
cost in purchasing.
Sam Cowan, representing the Na
tional Livestock Shippers' Protective
association, read telegrams from cat
tlemen saying their situation was seri
ous because of the drought and high
cost of feed. One from Ike T. Pryor,
president of the American Cattie
Raisers' association, stated that the
supply of calves this year would be
40 per cent below normal.
Arguments will be heard Monday.
ONLY AS A
LAST RESORT
SAYS LOVETT
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 17. Arbitrary
elimination of industries regarded as
non-essential to save coal and rail
transportation will be undertaken by
the government only after every busi
ness threatened has been given a fuM
hearing.
This was made clear today by Rob
ert S. Lovett, director of transporta
tion and Fuel Administrator Garfield
in statements replying to the recom
mendation of the railroad war board
that coal and transportation be denied
immediately to more than 500 commo
dities. Mr. Lovett declared that he con
templated no early action designed to
cut off transportation to any Industry.
He added, however, that conditions
might change, and that if the short
age requires that coal be denied some
industries, he will Issue, at the re-
industries, he will
WEATHER,
Sunday fair, warmer east and
extreme northwes: portion; Mon-
day fair.
Villa Again In the Saddle In
Mexico Issues Proclamation
Full of Patriotic Fri lis
A.F.0FLT0 MEET
IN 1UNE STILL
BE
(Liy Review Leced Wire.)
BUFFALO, N. Y.. Nov. 17. After
holding conventions for thirty-five
years In November, the American Fed-!
eralion of Labor hereafter will meet in i
June. 8his was decided upon at to -
j i , .v.. ..... ...;.
UBtt BCMUU Ul UIC lUIIUJ-ncnui'i an
nual convention after a long debate on
the resolut.Vm authorizing the clinnge,
during which remarks as t-i possible
political significance in the move were
made by some of the delegates. The
talk of politics prompted
President
Samuel Gompers, both during the ses
sion aud after adjournment to state
that the federation's policy of non-par
ticipation in partisan politics had not,
and would not be changed by the adop
tion of the resolution.
"We will continue to light for our!
friends and try to defeat our enemies, j
no matter what their politics or creed," !
he said. "
The change In the time of meeting
was made after the committee on laws !
, - v .... T
adoption of a resolution by John B.
Lennon so as to amend the consUtu -
tion. The motion to substitute June
for November was carried by a vote of
255 to 21. A mot.Vm to make the reso-
lution effective In 1919, instead of next
year, was lost.
James Duncan, vice president of the
NONPARTISAN
irucrauuu nuuntu me ui uiC,vu.c " "" ...ovs "c
committee, declaring that on account , ft'on; line trenches near Dtxmude.
of weather conditions in November del- The Americans in danger, were Con -
esates take colds sometimes lose their J g"3,men .Dill of Washington. T.mber -
Jlljtra AUU IU I1UIUU, 11C -TJ
delegates away from homl districts at
election time and "prevented them
from helping to defeat our enemies."
Delegate Fisher, of Montana declar
ed that a political issue had been in
jected into the discussion of the report
snrl resolution
"I fail fj understand," he said, "how
the federation can lav down a Dolitlcal
nlatrorm. unless the membershio . at
large can discuss the matter If the
members in the locals and other labor
organizations cannot discuss politics
how can they discuss them here?'
Delegate Berry declared that if the!
purpose of the resolution was "line-up
for the next congressional election"
that fact st'juld be made known.
It was in response to Fisher and
Barry that President Gompers made
the statement.
"The chair," Mr. Gompers said, "de
sires to make some explanation of a
remark made by a delegate on this
subject. I did not care to manke any
explanation just then while the sub
ject was under discussion for I did not
care to influence the vote of the dele
gates one way or another, even if I
could.
"The remark in regard to the prohi
bition of the discussion of politics in j
local unions, central bodies or state
federations, if that impression is given
forth, is erroneous. What the consti
tution of the American Federation of
Labor declares is that partisan poli
tics not politics shall not have a
place in the labor movement for. as a
matter of fact, there is not any eco
nomic act which we can take or make
but what has its political influence.
"The American labor movement has
influenced the political activities Xt
our government, both national, state
and municipal more than any other
group of people in the United States."
The convention after five days of'
speech making, buckled down to rou-
tine work today and disposed of a num-
ber Mf resolutions. The delegates al-
so asked President Gompers to name
a committee to report on alleged short-
age of labor in some sections of the
country, a claim which the resolution
declared w as not based upon facts, but
Increase for Hard
If Garfield
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 17. Wage in
creases ranging from 15 to 44 per cent
for Pennsylvania anthracite miners
were agreed to by the operators here
today, on condition that the advances
are absorbed in higher coal prices.
As soon as they had signed their
tentative new contract, the miners and
operators called on Fuel Administra
tor Garfield and asked that anthracite
j prices he raised to nieet the Increase.
arose from a desire jf employers lo.p. . tl Ij M I 1
j substitute femalfor male and unskill-; L'eclare Me Ma r 1 ersonal
ed for skilled L)r. The committee! Ambition Wishes Onlv
I hi meted to report to tho present run -
vention
HABEAS CORPUS IS i i
DENIED FELIX JONES
(By Review Leased Wire.) f
I EL PASO, Tex.. Not. 17. In the
'district court Jiere late this afternoon:
a writ of habeas corpus was denied
, Felix Jones, under indictment for the I
murder of Thomas Lyons, wealthy Sil-j
ver City cattleman, whose body was 1
found in a lonely spot near this city
1 e .
i -ay " last
Jones sought release
on bail. !
Mrs. Lyons, widow of the murdered 1
man, identified Jones as the man who
i visited her husband's ranch in New '
Mexico and represented himself as ai
l"1"" . . . !
i -. . . .
Jones is also under indictment in,
Dallas in connection with the murder
of a young woman stenographer. i
Congressmen
Under Fire in
The Trenches
" BRITISH FRONT IN BELGIUM,
! Friday. Nov. 16. (By The Associated
'
'Press.) Five members of the party of
' American congressmen and private cit-
j izens who spent yesterday and part of
today visiting the eBlgian war zone
had a narrow escape from death or in-
j jury this morning when they were
caught in a sudden burst of German
V VV'.H. '.Ul, ... 11... I W I . -7 11 1 .1 f,
! mer Representative Stout of Montana,
' Nobody was hit but it was one f
those peculiar ireaks of fortune which
soldiers call luck, because the shots
came in a shower, so close to them it
seemed almost certain some one must
be wounded, although thev were e.-
1 posed only for a brief time.
I The "other seven members of the nax -
i ty were in another section of the'mcus ia vory. the proof of which
trench and were not distufbed by the
fire. Later, however, when all the,Iurn,nS ovpr io tne carranza consul
Americanse were together the Ger-!'n Presidio.Tex., the Carranza soldiers
mans dropped a big shell some ten i wh were made prisoners In OjUaga.
yards away, seriously endangering ev -
eryone. One member, in describing
incident to the correspondent later,
said he and his companions heard the
shell coming. "It sounded like the
; roar of an airplane," he said. Again for-(
; tune favored them and no ono was in
jured.
Nearly Thirty
Million for the
Y. I.CA.Fund
j
, . . j .. . .
(By Rev.ew Leased .re.) ,
NEW YORK. Nov. 17. A new
gTand total for the United States of the inhumanity of the laws of sus
$29,151,649 in. the drive for the $351.-, pension of guarantees Just decreed by
000.000 Y. M. C. A. war fund was an- carranza. I offer all guarantees that
nounced tonight by William Sloane, the s.lid Carranza government his.
chinnan of the National War Work ; without conscience, declared void. The
council. In many churches through- Mexicans who are honorable and pa
out the country tomorrow special at-j triotic can come. then, to my side
tention will be given to the advance-; without Tear, so that we may all unit
ment of the big war fund, and the and save the republic,
drive will continue with unabated, -The papers of Mexico and the
1sr on n""iuay. "e concluding aay.t'nited States recently published, in
of th0 "impaign. w ith a final effort on sensational form, the notice thai I was
,ne Part of ,he workers. j asking for peace with Carranza. I de-
J""" R- Mott. general secretary ; care emphatically that this notice is
ot the council, asked announcement, false. Furthermore. I will never ask
that all who may not have been ap-!0f Carranza more than before. Patriot-
proached personally by enntassing m an(t justice above all. Because
teams send money or pledge to Cleve- cf this I have striven, and will strive
land II. Dodge, national treasurer, 124 without rest until I obtain it for all.
East Twenty-eighth street. New York' whoever they may be. and above all
City, or to the treasurer of the local niv desire is to see the desert, the
or state campaign committee. plains and mountains rise with men
Coal Miners
Will Stand' for It
Dr. Garfield took their request under
advisement, announcing that he would
make a careful Investigation before
rendering decision.
It is estimated that the wage In-
creases would add about 45 cents a
ton to anthracite prices and give the
miners about $40,000,000 additional
pay annually,
Fuel administration officials would
not eay toqigbt how Garfield views
the demand for higher anthracite
prices.
for
Refers Again to His
U
nan-
swered Challenge to Mux
guia Battle Expected
Refugees Reach
Texas
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PRESIDIO. Tex.. Nov. 17. Francis
co Villa is again in the saddle in
Mexico at the head of a new revolu
tionary movement, which he calls "El
Partido de la Convention." His head
quarters have been in Ojinaga. oppo
site here, since his troops captured
the town from tha federals Tuesday
night.
Villa now wears a black beard, a
relic of his recent trip through Mex
ico to confer with his chieftains and
heads of other movements whom he
claims to have correlated under his
leadership for the first time in more
than a year.
Villa today authorized the follow
ing statement for the Associated
Press:
"Upon taking possession by force of
arms of this town, which I found in
the power of the so-called constitu
tionalists, who criminally defended it
for Venustiano Carranza, the traitor
and despot. I think it my duty to
make the following declarations in or
der that once more my aims and mo-
tives may be shown to the world to
be patriot an(j n0ble
1 of ' personaI
1 ambItjons bul my earneBt A
i S j (.
I have already expressed, is
that my people may obtain unity and
my country peace. To that end I
bring together the principal revola-
i l'0"'sls wno 8ln " s on
j 8trivinf to t,ain 1,141 end- Contrary
i to ver thi3g they have said of me. I
wisti to make it known that I will
j strive witn va!or an"l decision against
! enemy, but 1 will .be magnani-
j was the recent occurrence here of the
nd also the release of prisoners ta-
1 ken. incorporating them In our army
because they decided they were on
the wrong side,
Aooeal to M-xions
i Ws,h now to maKe , solemn call
; to all Mexicans in general and in par-
tlcular to Carranza soldtars to no
. tice how I have conducted mself in
I comparison to the conduct of Fran
', Cisco Murguia. in the state of Chi
huahua, because these chiefs assas
I sinate. rape and torment all those
viion"rs--,n comp1',c" ,o ,ni
offer all guatantee. to friend and foo
alike. I wish here also to make a
nd enersfelic protpit Mon
the Mexican nation ami th wnrl.l .f
! tired of the infamy of Carranza and
1 his ministers, and. repeating history,
i rise up against the traitors and pun
ish them as they deserve.
Challenge to Personal Combat
"Dring last July I made a statement
which appeared in the American pa-
j pers In which I invited Gen, Francisco
' Murguia to personal combat on ground
!0f his own choosing, and to this day
j i have had no answer.
j i think the said general considers
it beneath his dignity to accept th
challenge, but the reason that guided
me in my offer was to give him a
change to put an end to me. as he
had often boasted he would do If he
could get his bands on me. I am still
(Continued on Page Seven.)
' Unity and Peace
His People THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 18, 1917.
r
Choice New Neckwear Js Here
We call your attention to a most complete selection of the newer neck
wear In best styles in stocks, shawl shaped Collars, trimmed with imported
laces, others plain and hemstitched crepe, wash satin, silk poplim, crepe rte
chines and organdies. Dozens of styles to choose from and every one
new. PRICES FROM 35c UP TO $5.
Visit our Art
Dept.; New
Royal Society
package goods
just In.
New Patterns
and December
Delineator
are
here.
Thanksgiving Brings Necessity of Very Definite Needs,
and Which This Store Can Amply Provide For!
two
Btfeiflfflrl.Jfa1lrfLalft.il.
r
r.
Exceptional Values, Stylish Wearing Apparel
f These Classy Suits Are Specially Priced
SECOND
FLOOR
v 'AJM A J
These Suits were surely designed to meet
the exacting demands of fashion and they
have certainly succeeded if style and qual
ity are any criterion to judge by. They are
fashioned from lustrous broadcloth, velour
serge and whipcords. In colors navy, green.
black, beetroot and reindeer in a large va
riety of clever styles, some with belts, some
with double sashes, military and large con
vertible sailor collars. Sizes 16 to 44; very
special values '
$27.50 and $29.50
Serge Dresses
$15 to $18
Yon know how practical Serge Dresses are
and you also know they are always in good .
taste. ' We have just opened a shipment
of these popular Dresses in the very newest
models and embracing the most popular col
ors. The variety of styles is unusually largt.
Fur trimmings are shown on some, others
have fabric trimming In contrasting colon
and some finished with fancy embroidery.
Straight line and belted effects are shown
In a generous assortment of sizes. We call
these very special at
$15.00 and $18.00 '
If you are a judge of values you will get
much benefit by purchasing one of these
Suits, which have just arrived and been
marked considerably under regular price.
Made from finest quality broadcloth, some
in real Burella Cloth. Coats are the new
long style with handsome fur collars, long
shawl styles of real Beaver and Hudson Seal
Fur. Beautiful linings of high grade fancy
striped and check silks. ' A full raugo of
sizes. These are really equal to most suits
shown at $45.00 to $50.00. Specially priced at
i
$35.00 and $37.50
Silk Dresses
Reduced
Every woman always has need of one or
more Silk Dresses, so this announcement of
reduced prices should be welcome news.
These are dresses from our regular stock
and we have reduced them as much as $5."0
less than regular. This also includes a new
shipment which has just arrived, making
a very comprehensive assortment of these
handsome dresses in the most popular
shades and materials and at prices that are
as attractive as the dresses themselves. Soe
these tomorrow.
$25.00, $27.50 and $29.50
Women's Handsome New Coats and Waists
We want you by all means to see the new Coats we have assem
bled fcr this week's showing. Not only because they are new, but be
cause of the many individual touches of style that make them differ from
the ordinarv. A complete showing -for this week of the styles in Mili
tary effects' with convertible collars, in the niosl correct colors for Fall
and Winter wear. All the swagger effects or the season are shown, some
with Fabric Fur Collars, others with large collars or same material Higa
waisted and belted styles in all sizes 16 to 44.
Prices, $20.C0, to $25.00 and $30.00 to $35.00
More New Sweaters
Tins must be a wonderful seascn for Sweaters if we are to Judge from
the amount of Sweater business we do. but or course one of the main
reasons is the great assortment of styles and juahties we show and the
reasonable prices we show them at. This week you can see an ceUent
line ol the newer ideas in Sweaters here in almost every color and com
bination of colors. Some fancy knit with brushed SaUor Collars, others
are fancy all-wool zephyrs with Jacquard trimmings in belted and coat
styles. Prices
$7.50 to $15.00
ALSO A COMPLETE LINE OF SWEATERS FOR CHIL
DREN IN MOST EVERY COLOR AND STYLE
AT PRICES FROM $1.95 TO $5.00.
Clever Bath Robes
We all know what ideal Christmas Gifts handsome Bath Robes always
make, and it is none "too soon to he choosing before choice is limited,
and if there has ever been a time when the assortment was superior to
usual, that time is now. -These beautiful Blanket Robes are shown in
j... , h .: imnifRonu.. Datterns. cut with plenty of fullness, mg
pockets, long sleeves, collars cleverly trimmed with satin,
cords and tassels. Specially priced at
silk waist
$3.95 to $5.00
A handsome line of Children's Bath Robes in all colors and
sizes, 2 to 1 6 years.
7 fr vaq :.uoC
to b years .
6 to 16 years
$2.50 to $3.50
Plenty of Blouses are essential to the well equipped wardrobe, and herf,
is the chance to secure them at a small figure for these are worth $1.50
to $2.00 more than the price we quote this week. Newest colors are o:.s
of the features of the assortment Crepe de Chine and Georgette Crepe
hand embroidered and beaded, others trimmed with Filet and Venice
lace, large collars and sleeves. Stylish tailored models in Taffeta Silk in
fancy stripe and plaid effects, tastily trimmed with pretty buttons. Very
specially priced at
$5.95
Luxurious New Furs
Furs are not a luxury in these days, but quite the, contrary they are
considered very essential to the costume, and rightly so, as there is
nothing more practical or stylish than well selected Furs. Fur stylos
change the same as others and we are particularly proud of our showing
at this time, because it features all the newer ideas for this Fall ard
. Winter Season. Prominent are the new shades In Fox as well as Hudson
Seal, Maline, Beaver, Racoon, etc.
Single Neck Pieces at $10.00 to $65.00.
Sets From $10.00 Up to $135.
We also feature all the newer Furs for children tn the popular colors an 1
kinds at prices from, per oet ; $2.50 to $7X0
Sale Prices on Skirts
To close out at once our line of Black Silk and Satin Skirts, we hae
placed prices on them that will effect an immediate-clearance. Slavic
Satin, Striped Silks and Plaids. .Read these prices and see what yci
can save.
Regular $8.50 Skirts $6.35
Regular $10 Skirts $7.50
Regular $12.50 Skirts $8.35
Regular $15 Skirts $11.75
Regu'r $18.50 Skirts $13.53
Regu'r $32.50 Skirts $16.90
Women's Tafteta Silk Petticoats, some have Jersey Silk tops and dec p
flounces. Assorted colors and very special values 'at .J $35
Necessities for the
Thanksgiving Td b le
Dinner-Ware Sets, consisting of 42 pieces in
handsome designs, such as Gold Band, Conven
tional and Floral Patterns. Considering the mar
ket today, these are very unusual values at the CC QC C7 OK
prices we offer them. Complete Sets of 42 pieces at from pJ3.y O tO p ZO
SEE THESE IN THE ANNEX WINDOW
ALUMINUM ROASTERS
. . FINE CUT GLASS .
Fruit Bowels in oval and round shape from $3.00
to j .-j $6.50
Vinegar Cruets $2.25 and $3.00
Water Decanters at ......... ..$2.00
Bon Bon Dishes $2.50 and i.i $3.00
Fine Chocolate Pots at $3.00
CARVING SETS
White Handled Sets at i....$2.45
Bone Handled Sets at . 1 $1.45
Cheaper Bone Handled Sets..
..95c
Large size Roaster and Steamer combined at $4.96
Other Aluminum Roasters $4.65
Large Size Gray Enamel Roasters at : $3.45
Medium size gray Roasters at
Small size Roasters at
..$2J5
..$1.75
Silver Plated Knives
Fork to match !
..28c
..25c
Silver Plated Table Spoons at, each.
Silver Plated Teaspoons at, each..
..20c
15c
o 9
ENTRANCE
ON
SUBWAY
STREET
RE A?
. OF
MAIN
BULDli'C
Monday Sale of Pattern Hats
SECOND FLOOR
Every one appreciates the beauty of Pattern
Hats. Sometimes they are considered expen
sive, but we have eliminated that feature by
making great reductions on pur finest Pattern
Hats for this week's selling, in some cases to
almost half price, so if you have seen your
favorite Pattern Hat here and thought the price
was prohibitive; come tomorrow and the reductions will surprise you.
All our best Pattern Hats from $1S.50 to $20.00
hare been reduced to one price. This comprises
all the very best models in Dress and Tailored ef
fects In the very choicest designs of the season
and worth up as nign as
$20.00, reduced
to ..- ..
$12.45
Less expensive Pattern Hats have also been re
duced; these are in leading Suit and Street shades,
in a great variety of colors and handsomely Trim
med with Fur, Jets. Grosgrain Ribbons and Fancy
Feathers, etc.; regular $12.50
to $15.00 Pattern Hats re
duced to
$9.95
Better than UstialDress Goods
We want you to see the handsome Chiffon Broad
cloths we will show this week in our busy Dres
Goods Department; Fabrics rich in quality and
showing the most beautiful colors, as Wine, Bro.vn,
Russian Green. Taupe. Gray. Navy,
Black and White. Full 56 inches
wide, priced at, yard '.
$3.50
Wool Serges are always In demand, and there is
nothing more difficult to obtain on the market
today than good Serges, and it has not been an
easy task for us to obtain these tb sell at thess
prices. All wool serges in Storm, French and Di
agonal in a great line of colors,
3 inches to 56 inches wide,
priced from 75c to, per yard
$2.50
Wool Gabardines and Poplins in a host of pretty colors, 36 to 54 inches wide at
$1.00 to $2.00 per yard.
Wool Plaids 40 inches wide in Brown, Grefen, Navy, Red and Plaid Combina
tions; prices at 75c per yd.
Silk Corduroy in Navy, Copen, Gray. Brown, White and Black. Special price
on these of $1.39 per yd.
A Rousing Monday Special
As a MONDAY SPECIAL we offer an excellent lot of Silk Poplins, 36 inches
wide, in a gorgeous line of best colors.This is one of the season's most popular.
Silks and one of the best wearing on the market. ' Special Monday (7 J t Ci
per yard : pJ-J.Z
at.
r-
Health & Protection
Are Combined in the
. - ""' t. ii.j
Kiddie-Koop
Here is something that fills a long
felt want THE KIDDIK-KOOP is
fur superior to anything that has
ever been introduced for I he pur
pose. It is superior to the Bassinet
in many ways; there is no carrying
of any heavy basket; the Koop
trundles so smoothly that the baby sleeps while being moved from room
tc rocra. Then instead of keeping the baby housed up all the time, it
can be on the lawn constantly in the sun or wind.
The KlDDffC-KOOP has received indorsement from appreciative mothers
all over the .country, and has never failed to prove its great value. Comes
with screened sides, canopy top and side curtains. Sides can be droppeci
iown. WfK
WE FEATURE KIDDIErKOCPS IN THREE PRICES,
, $20.00, $22.50 and $25.00
r -j :i i t
SECOND FLOOR
New Blankets
Come tomorrow and replenish your supply of
Blankets at prices that are consistent with depend
able quality.
WOOL NAP BLANkETS $3.00
These have a wool finish and so closely resemble
wool that It almost takes an expert to tell the dif
ference. Plaid patterns of pink, blue and tan 6Gx80.
These are worth a third more on today'B market.
Special value at, pair $3.00
FINE WOOL BLANKETS $8.50
Wool Blankets are very hard to get on the market
today, so you had better buy while you can get qual
ity, .and at THK, FAIR, where you can save. All
wool white blanket with pink or blue bonlsr, extra
large size at........... $8.50
COTTON BLANKETS
Cotton Blankets, size 4x68 inches in grey, tan auti
white with colored border, a pair C?c
Cotton Blankets, size 42x72 inches. In white, gray
and tan; a very exceptional value at. a. pair ........ $1.00
Cotton Blankets, size 45x72 inches. In white, fciay
and tan; Rood value at, a pair $1.25
Cotton Blankets of heavy quality, size 45x74 Inches.
splendid value at, a pair $1.50
Cotton Blankets at $1.75. $2.00, $2.50 and $o.00; a
variation of size and quality making the differenc-;
in price.
Underwear
FOR MEN
Heavy Cotton L'nlon Suits for men. derby ribbed,
rlofsrd crotch, well made, correct weight for Kali
and Winter..- - $150
Men's Heavy Rib I nion Suits of gray wool, closed
crotch, sizes 34 to 44. These are extra good val
ues at 1 $2.50
Silk and Wtol t'nion Suits for men. medium
weight, in colors rrray au1 white. Regular sizes
and stouts, 34 to 4'.. Price $5.50
Men's All Wool Flat Knit Shirts and Drawers. In
tan color, exceller t values in all sizes, per gar
ment $2-50
Heavy Gray Rib I'.hirts and Drawers for men, a
very elastic garnu nt of good quality. In all si-es
at. each f C. ,.$1.75
Mn's Heavy KIpi Knit Shirt and Urnwers. in
gray color and all sizes. A warm, good-wearing
garment for, each ; $1.25
All Wool Jersey Knit Flannel Shirts for men. col
lars attached, blat k ami white mixtures in xii-s
lrom 15 to tO. Regl !ur price $2.50. Reduced to $1.95
No Advance in Men's Shoe
Prices at This Store
Due to the fact that we made enormous purchases of Men's
Shoes before the market advanced to where it is today,
we are in a position to still sell you shoes at the old prices
and will continue to do so as long as these stocks last.
Our prices now actually save you dollars on every pair.
STETSON SHOES AT $8.00.
This Stetson is a (avorite with the men, combining a it
lioeH. style with practical wear. Maie from Russia Call
in Tun or Black, with both KnRli.sh and full toes, shown l:
button lace styles. A keen looker and certainly a great
alue for the money $8.00
WALK-OVER SHOES AT $6.00 AND $6.50:
The most critical people lelt us that Walk-Over Shoes sat
i y them completely. We quote tw popular numbers
here, which come in button and lace styles, in Gun Metal.
Vlcl and Patent, either Tan or BIuk; a nohhy shoe that
assures the best of wear for $6.00 and $6.50
MEN'S RALSTON SHOES $4.00 TO $8.0C
Ralston Shoes for Men ar hard to equal because of their
style and quality nt modest prices, and they are excellent
fitters. Here are two numbers in Black and Tan. with
Knglish and full toes, in Cun Metal. Vici and Patent. If
you want good shoe value try the RALSTON, priced
from .. $4.00 to $6.00
ml
FIRST FLOOR
SHOE DEPT.
0
4 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 18, 1917.
THREE
City Briefs
Eu anyone Tlalted you T Or
have yoa entertained? If bo, call
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, Phone S9.
S IN TOMBSTONE
Mrs. George Kellogg is in Tomb
stone for a few days on a visit to her
sister. Miss Viva Villman. who is the
stenographer in the sheriffs office.
She will return to Hlshee next week.
FOR KANSAS CITY
Miss Rosa Putoff wan a passenger
yesterday morning on the Golden State: both doing nicely.
Limited for Kansas City.
HAVE BABY BOY
The tome of W. J. Hess on School
Hill has been brightened by the ar
rival of an eight-pound boy. The boss
of the household and his mother are
FOR NEW MEXICO
John Fleming and family left yes
terday for Albuquerque, N: M., Where
they will remain for a few weeks.
WAS CALLED EAST
J. II. Jones, engineer at the Shattuck
was called to his old home at Everton,
Missouri, tn account of the serious ill
ness of his mother.
FOR JOPLIN
C. P. Brown left yesterday for Jop
lin, Mo where he will visit for sev
eral weeks. He had been employed
in the mines here for some time.
LEFT FOR MESA
J. K. Jones was an outgoing pas
senger yesterday for Mesa, where he
will visit with his family for a few-weeks.
FOR SAN FRANCISCO
Mre. Elizabeth Kelly left yesterday
for San Francisco, Cal., where she will
locate. 'She had been in the district
for several months.
LEFT FOR PHOENIX
John Daze was an outgoing pas.
senger yesterday morning for Phoe
nix, where he will remain for a short
time.
FOR IMPERIAL
Miss Rena Trevayne left yesterday
morning on the west-bound train for
the Imperial valley, where she will
visit with relatives for several week.
FOR GEORGIA
L. H. Spencer left yesterday morn
Ing on the Golden State Limited for
La Grange, Ga.. where he was called,
on account of the illness of relatives,
OANCE FOR RED CROSS
The Red Cross fund is to be the
recipient of the proceeds of a dance
which the Anona club is going tft give
on Friday e-ening. November 23, in
the Kagle halL
HAD 12 GUESTS AT CARDS
Mrs. I. W. Hogan of Quarry canyon,
entertained 12 guests last Thursday
afternoon, in the series of card par
ties given for the benefit of the per
manent blind relief fund.
j ,
BIBLE CLASS AT Y TODAY
The usual song service. will be held
at the Y. M. C..A. today at 4:30 p. in.
Dr. Brewster P.ible class will be held
in the lounge room of the building at
5:30 p. m. All men of the Warrn
district are invited to be present. Re
freshments will be serfed.
i ,
TEACHERS EXAMINATION
Miss Elsie Toles, county school su
perintendent has issued n'jticej that
there will be a regular quarterly teach
ers' examination held in Tombstone on
Monday and Tuesday, December 3 and
4. Quite a number of applicants for
certificates are expected to be on band
to take the examination.
BACK TO PARADISE
George Coryell, the Paradise goat
man, was in the city yesterday on
his way to his ranch near Paradise.
He had been in Tombstone for a few
days on business in the superior court.
IN FROM RANCH
William Stephenson was in the city
yesterday from his ranch near Dixie
Canyon. He reports that the water
holes in th(mountains are rapidly dry
ing up and that rains are badly needed
to furnish wa.er for the cattle.
REPORTED BETTER
Mrs. Harry Almy of Tombstone, who
is confined in the tapper Queen hos
pital with a severe attack of lagrippe
is reported as being much better and
much improved and will soon be able
to leave for her home in that city.
TRANSFERRED HERE
Henry Neimitz, who has been In
charge of the dry goods department of
the Phelps Dodge store at Douglas for
the past year, has been transferred to
this city and will hold a similar posi
tion in the store here. He comes well
recommended.
HAS RETURNED HOME
Mrs. Russell McFarland has return
ed to her home in Tombstone after vis
iting here for several days with her
husband.
BACK FROM NOCALES
Deputy Sheriff Percy Bowden was in
the city yesterday bn his way back to
Douglas where he was called on busi
ness connected with the sheriff's office.
He states that Jiogales is quite lively
i at the present time. ,
FROM KENTUCKY.
- A. J. Herman of Owensboro, Ken
tucky, is spending a few days in the
Warren District as the guest of his
old friend, C. M. Wheeler. He is
-much impressed with the mining ac
tivity of the district.
Business Locals
HAVE RETURNED
Walter Hubbard and family have re
turned from Ijos Angeles, where they
went to have an operation performed
on their young son. The operation
was successful and the youth is now
much improved and wUfsoon be able
to be about.
FROM BENSON
Elias Summers has disposed of hie
moving picture business in Benson to
John Proffitt and has moved to th's
RETURNING HOME
Quite a number of the Warren Dis
trict contingent that has been taking
in the state fair at Phoenix have re
turned home. A number came in last
evening and others are expected to ar
rive this morning. Those who have re
turned state that the fair was all that
could be expected and that the attend
ance was very good.
IS IMPROVING
Advices received here yesterday
were to the effect that L. A. Brown
who is at present at Murietta Springs,
in California, is rapidly Improving
from his recent illness and has gained
quite a number of pounds in weight
and is now able to be tip and around.
gan of Lowell to wed Lillian McKeown
of the same place.
ISSUED JURY CALL
Judge lK-kW(iol of
the superior
AN ATTACK OF PNEUMONIA
C. H. Keast of Youngblood Hill, is I
confined to his home with an attack
of pneumonia.
court nt Tombstone has Issued a call JOINED THE ENGINEERS j
for the drawing of a trial jury !n' Walter II. Haile, shifter at the Cole:
Tombstone on the morning of Decern-1 shaft, and one of the best liked men,
ber 3 at 9 o'clock. The names of ) on the C. and A. pay roll at the mines, i
the jurors will bedrawn from the jury j has joined the Thirty fifth Engineers',
box on Tuesday morning next. Judge! corps and will leave Monday for Fort;
Lockwood will not be present at the
drawing, but Judge Otis J. Baughn of
Pinal county will be on hand to assist
Sheriff Wheeler and County .Recorder
Kreba in the drawing, as Is required
by law. Yhere are a number of cases
to be tried, several of them being for
murder.
CONDITION MUCH WORSE
According to advices received from
Tombstone last evening, the condi
tion of Cashier T. R. Brandt of the
First National bank is not very en
couraging. He has not been so well
since he was removed from the hos
pital here to his home in Tombstone,
and a part ' of the time for the past
two days he has been unconscious and
not near as strong as he was when
he left here. It may be the effects
of the trip, but the doctors are not
much encouraged.
BOOTLEGGER CAUGHT
When Deputy Sheriffs Ryan and
Phillips arrested Ed Epley on the road
between Douglas and Apache yester
day they took into cusiody an autom
bile load of whisky. The deputies stop
ped Epley on the road and when they
searched the auto they found several
dozen bottles of whiskey stowed away
under the front seat and a suitcase
loaded wit the contraband.
Y. M. C. A. BEAT THE TIGERS
An exhibition game of basket ball
was played at the Y. M. C. A. las',
evening between the Y. M. C. A. Tig
ers and army team of Company I of
the Thirty-fifth. A good sized crow-L
witnessed the game. The score was
40 to 12 in favor o fthe Y. M. C. A.
team. Five teams have now enrolled
for the city basket ball league. Games
will begin about December 1.
Bliss. Halle has worked ten years
in the Warren district mines. His
friends plan a send-off for him in the;
form of a reception and the presenta
tion of a wrist watch.
BACK FROM TOMBSTONE
Captain J. P. Hodgson jf the mine
department of the Phelps Dodge Com
pany has returned from Tyronne,
where he spent several days on busi
ness connected with the company. He
reports that camp as beiru quite pros
perous and that the mines there are
turning ou". their usual quota. Captain
Hodgson will leave today for Nacozart
where he will reniainU'jr s: eral days
inspecting the work being- done there
by the Montezuma Copper Company.
LEFT FOR EAST
Prof. L. D. Richetts, who Is acting
reneral manager of the C. & A. inter
ests during the absence of John C.
mines. He states that Benson isi
quiet at the present time. j
Reservations for seats at the
banquet and entertainment given
in honor of HaYry C. Wneeler
and deputies tin December 5th
at the Country Club can be !ViSITlNG DAUGHTER
made at the office of the Citi- j Mrs. W. D. Huddleston of Tucson U
zens' Protective League a; the ' spending a few days in this city on a
ON BATTLESHIP ARIZONA
Max Ashby, who 13 well known in
the Warren district, left Bisbee a
short time ago in response to an or
der to appear in actual service as
signal man on the battleship Arizona
He. has joined the ship at her moor-.; Batcnelor,
ings in New York harbor. He visited
the Brooklyn navyyard and reports
that they are turning out submarines
fast. He has been over the new ships
Mississippi and New Mexico, and Bays
that they are almost ready to enter
the service. Max? Jlikes the boys on
the battleship and says the Arizona is
a nice, clean ship.
SOCCER BALL AT DOUGLAS
Bisbee's crack soccer ball team will;
journey to Douglas today to do battle j
with the soldiers. It should be an j
Interesting game. The proceeds go:
for the Red Ortoss. The following!
players made the trip: Jack Hawley.
C. Hibble, Joe Eldon, B. Hardinge.j
Jack Gilbert (captain), W. Kirkride.;
L. Liddicote, T. Kelly. A. Freelands,
J. White, J. Maddern. Ashman Smith.
COLE SHAFT FOOTBALL TEAM
The boys of the Cole shaft have
organized a football team that Tom
O'Hara claims can beat Gallagher's
team to death. The following is the
line-up: Ends, Burton and Swenson;
tackles. Cowan and Mallaid; guards.
Walker and Cowair;center, Thomp
son; quarter, Youngman; backs, Mor
ris, Boat and Captain Gait. Substi
tutes. O'Hara. Morris. Boat. Brammit,
Ballas, Jennings' Reeves. Shilp, Sim
mons. Dollarhyde, Putner. Hicer.
Stovie. Wive. Soli.
ON WAY HOME
Judge A. I. McAlister of Graham
county was here yesterday on his way
home to Safford from Tombstone
where he has been for' the past few
days holding court for Judge Lockwood
while the latter was holding court for
him at Safford in several cases in
which he, McAlister. was disqualified.
Judge McAlister will be home in time
to resume court on Monday morning.
Judge Lockwood will 'open court in
Florence on Monday and Judge Bau
ghn of Pinal county will open court in
Tombstone on Monday.
city and accepted a position in theiCrrenway while he is in France, left
vfsterday niornii r for New York,!
here he was called on business of
the company. Dr. Rieketts has re
cently returned from a trip to Ajo,
"ere he inspected the work now be-
Copper Queen Hotel. Only a
limited number will be sold.
Price, a dollar a plate. Adv.312.
Expert paper Hanger ana painter. C
J. Brandt Phone 456. Box 150. 58C
Regular Tuesday night dances will
be resumed at Graves' Dancing Acad
emy, Brophy Hall, Lowell, commenc
ing, November 20. Invitations may be
obtained from committee or at door.
Instructions given daily. Adv-204
m
PRIVATE SANITARIUM.
Call Black 573 for terms, etc.
Advertisement-974
SOLDIERS AND SAILORS
The relatives and friends of all sol
diers and sailors from the Warren Dis
trict are requested to send the names
and addresses to Mrs. R. B. Callison, P.
O. Box 3672 Lowell. Phone Red 522.
We wish vb reach them all on Thanks
giving and Christmas day. WARREN
DISTRICT SOLDIERS' COMFORT AS
SOCIATION. Adv-213
MUST SELL, 10 room fjuse, com
'pletely furnished, on deeded ground,
good location. Naco road. Terms. See
WINTERS BORREGO, Lowell.
Adv-218
visit to her daughter, Mrs. W. J. Hess
of School Hill. Mrs. Huddleston was
a former resident of this district, but
has been residing in Tombstone for
some time.
LEAVE FOR LOS ANGELES
Miss Yada Paff, one of the Bisbee
efliicien; school teachers, and Miss
Clara Kimball Olson, jf the local post
office, will leave this evening for Los
Angeles, where they will remain for a
few weeks on a visit to Miss PaCs
parents.
COLORED TROOPS LEAVING
The first battalion jf the 24th infan
try now stationed at Naco has been
ordered to march to Columbus, N. M.,
for duty. The colored troopers will
march to Douglas and will be joined by
the second battalion and the two out
fits will pi'jceed overland to Columbus
for station.
Hard times party at K. C. Hall, Wed
nesday night, November 21. Refresh
ments; all welcome, by the Catholic
Ladies. Adv-221
Lowell Camp No. 46. W. O. W., will
give a Thanksgiving dance, Thursday,
November 29, at Brophy hail. Good
music, and everybody. invited. Ad v233
NOTICE .
The Parent Teachers' Association
will hold a meeting at the Greenway
school, Wednesday at 4 o'clock.
. Adv-252
THE ECONOMY SHOP
Ladies you are lnvlte4 to call and
get prices on Tailoring, Dressmaking,
and Remodeling. All work guaranteed
to your satisfaction. In Singer Sew-
ARRESTED AGAIN
According to a report received from
Tombstone last evening, Barney Bono,
a Gleeson merchant," had been arrest
ed again on a charge of selling in
toxicating liquors. He has already
served one term on the county roads.
He was arrested while he was In the
county seat to pay his county taxes.
TOMBSTONE CONTRIBUTES.
The ladies of Tombstone have sent
over to local committee of the Ameri
can Fund for the French wounded an
auto load of clothing, shoes, etc. They,
were brought over by County Attorney
John F. ltoss. The children in the
public schools of the county seat rais
ed $20. which was also turned over to
he committee to purchase Christmas
stockings for the French children for
Christmas.
INSPECTOR HERE
Poet office Inspectors Dutton and
McHenry are in Bisbee in connection
with the recent embezzlement of post
office funds by R. A. Clampitt, who was
recently indicted in Tucson. It is re
ported that Clampitt has made state
ments that others beside himself were
in on the deal and that they received
luy done on the New Cornelia, and
also visited the Globe-Miami district.
He will be east for several weeks.
HELD FOR AUTHORITIES
George G. Zack, who is employed
at the Sacramento shaft of the Cop
per Queen company, was placed In
jail yesterday pending the arrival of
Judge Taylor, the United States com
missioner, when a charge will be
placed against him of using disre
spectful language against the United
States government. According to the
other men present at the shaft, Zack
used words against the government
that should meet with punishment.
ACTION FOR DAMAGES
Marie Mariotte and her husband,
Pierre F. Mariotte, of this city have
brought suit in the superior c'ourt at
Tombstone for damages in the sum of
$6,463 against the Warren Street Rail
way Company alleged to be due for in
juries sustained when a car of the com
pany ran in to a machine in which she
was riding and bruised her arm and
caused her to have nervous shocks and
for money paid out for medical and
massage treatment, etc. Alexander
Murray represents the plaintiff. The
company was served with the sum
mons and complaint by a representa
tive of the sheriff's office yesterday.
ON WAY TO TOMBSTONE '
County Attorney John F. RossTand
Assistant Bruce S:ephenson were in
the city yesterday on their way to
Tombstone from Douglas. Jhey stop
ped here for a short while on business
connected with the county attorney's
office. They are preparing criminal
cases that will come up for trial In
Tombstone Boon and also gathering ad
ditional evidence to be used In the
case of E. S. Embree which is to be
tried in Tucson before Judge O'Connor
of Santa Cruz county, who is acting for
Judge Patee, whrf is holding court in
Gila county.
BISBEE HIGH
BESTS TUCSON
SCORE 32 TO 7
By decisively defeating the Tucson
high eleven at Warren park yesterday
afternoon, 32 to 7. Bisbee may lay un
disputed claim to the high school foot
ball championship of Southern Ari
zona. Although the game was not a
walkaway in any sense of the word.
Bisbee showed a marked superiority
from all angles. "Tucson had previous
ly defeated the local boys at Tucson
bv the score of 3 to 0, but Bisbee
more than came back yesterday afternoon.
Tucson's only score was on the
kickoff. when the up-state lads fell
on the ball off 'field of play. From then i
on Tucson was almost continually on
NewEdelweiss
CAFE
JUST OPENED
Everything New and Clean. Good
Meals. Reasonable Prices.
GIVE US A TRIAL
Brewery Gulch
BE
HAS
JUST INSTITUTE OF
ADOPTED 124 ; TEACHERS HERE
26-28
FRENCH
ORPHANS
NOVEMBER
The total of French orphan chil
dren adopted by the Cochise, chapter
now reaches 124, according to the re
port made yesterday, by Mrs. W. H.
Brophy. This is a remarkable show
ing for what Is regarded by many
Two hundred teachers from outside
cf the Warren district are expected
in Bisbee for the county Institute to
be held November 26-27-28, according
to Miss Elsie Toles,- county superin
tendent of schools, who was in Bisbee
yesterday to arrange details for the
people as the noblest work of t'ae i meeting. There are over 100 teach
entire war. The following additions j er ln th Warren district. Miss
have been made to the list of foster To,fts was Particularly anxious that
parents and their children since thea11 Person ' have rooms to rent
last report printed in The Review:
Carpentier, Denise, 5 Rue St, Lau
rent, Beauvais Miss Avery, care Lo
well school, Lowell, Arizona.'
Carpentier, Jeanne, 5 Rue St., Lau
rent, Beauvais Mrs. Pronger and Mr.
Yoakum. Bisbee, Arizona.
Carpentier, Monirjue. 5 Rile St.. Lau
rent Beauvais Mrs. Hartwell Nowell.
Bisbee, Arizona. ' .
Marie, Pierrette, 20 Cites, Mouvelles,
i Grands Sables, Epinal (Vosges) Mr.
S. M. Greenidge, Douglas. Arizona.
for the teachers during the institute
communicate with J. B. Potter of Cen
tral school. Many more rooms are
needed than .have been procured up
to this time. "
Miss Toles declared that the Insti
tute will be one of the most interest
ing and instructive ever held in the
county. Present day issues will e
discussed, especially the teaching and
fostering of patriotism in the schools.
Night sessions will be held, at which
subjects interest'ng to the general pub
lic will be on the program. ConsU-
YftA VmllA A Cltaa Tnv Alloa
the defensive. Bisbee's first score also Grands ' Sableg Epinal vosges)-H.! erbl attention will be given to the
camw in me ursi ijumici. ntru ,A Morgan Willcox, Arizona. jsuDjeci or inrui oy me speakers,
touchdown was made and the goal; "yarie Lucten 20 Cites. Mouvelles. : ut of town instructors will be
kicked. Tucson's line could not bold' . ' . . V . o1 'lEllzabeth McCrickett of the Michigan
L. Cummings. Tombstone, , Arizona. ' stte Normal, and Arthur Cbamber
Dusart. Aime. 8 Rue des Bordieres. ,ain- head of the California Chamber
Tours (Indre et Loire -Dan Seed, , of Education. Misj Crickett will giv
RihPA Ariznna i 80me vtrT interesting demonstrations.
DIES IN TUCSON
W. B. Edwards, who for a number
of years was engaged in the real estate
business in this city, died yesterday in
Tucson after being ill for a number
of months. He came to the Warren
district a number of years ago from
Missouri and had considerable prop
erty at one time. For the past two
years he had been in ill health and
was taken to Tucson for the benefit
of his health. He leaves a wife to I
mourn his loss. The remains will be
brought here for burial and the fu
neral service will be held Monday
afternoon.
Ing Machine Room. Opposite Y. W. C. la part of the m'jney. The inspectors
Adv-254
y. w. c.
Phone 414.
Employment Bureau.
. Adv-249
Vre said to be making a thorough In
vestigation of the matter to determine
whether or not the statements made
by Clampitt are true.
CHALLENGED BOMB THROWERS
. Capt. George. Willcox. formerly of
the Rough Riders and a veteran of
the Spanlsh4Amierican war, has se
lected a team of six men which has
challenged a team from the 35th in
fantry to a contest at the Warren
park today for the benefit of the war
camp community recreation fund. The
sports will start before the football
game, and not afterward.as has been
announced. The sports will start
promptly at 2 o'clock. A large at
tendance will be had no doubt.
MARRIAGE LICENSES ISSUED
The following marriage licenses
were Issued out of the clerk's office in
Tombstone during the past week; Gar
nett W. Caldwell to wed Rhoda Van
Cleave, both of McNeal; Walter Har
per to wed Blanche Arndt. both of
Douglas; Fowler S. Howard to wed
I'na Adams, both of Douglas; Martin
C. Hazeltine to wed Estella Paczesna.
he of Douglas and she of Milwaukee;
Joseph P. Perkins to wed Mabel Hat
field, both of Douglas; John J. Mad!-
PREPARING STOCKINGS
The school children of the Warren
District both in the private and pub
lic schools, are preparing Christmas
stockings for the poor French childreb
and it is believed that each pupil will
give at least one pair of stockings.
Miss Moyer gives the following recipe
for fixing up one of these presents:
Buy a pair of stout cotton stockings
size for child four to 12 years, which
cost from 15 cents to 25 cents a pair,
put a small toy or some kind and a
small sack of 'candy in one stocking
und stuff ln the mate. Send the stock
ings and as many more aa you can
get your friends to give, down to the
Y. W. C. A., where Miss Moyer will
take charge of them. This will prob
ably be the only Christmas present
many poor French children will geL
BOARD HAS NO JURISDICTION
There have been so many Instances
of reopening cases for men who have
been drafted in the army or who are
waiting the call to go into training,
where claimant believes be has ground
for exemption, that the war depart
ment has found it necessary to change
the ruling on reopening cases. The
efTect Vf the ruling, in general, is to
leave it to the discretion of the adjut
ant generals of the states as to wheth
er men about to be called in the ser
vice are entitled to a rehearing. The
boards themselves are to be permitted
no more to reopen cases on their own
initiative. For the man already in the
army, there Is the provision that if he
feels he has n'Jt had a square deal from
the boards at home, he may appeal to
the officer in command of the mobiliza
tion camp. If. In the opinion of this
officer, the case has merit, the officer
may discharge the man under the
army regulations governing discharg
es.
the Bisbee backs or tackles, directed
by the heady quarterback. Louis Visa
lia. and aided by the plunging of Paul
Landrum they went through for the
second touchdown, and the half ended
with the score 16 to 7.
At the beginning of the second half
the cal fjys showed a college
brand of football. They were on their
toes every minute and swept the vis
itors off their feet. Two touchdowns
were made in the third quarter and it
ended in Bisbee's favor, 32 to 7.
The darkness prevented either team
from scoring during the last quarter,
and ' the final result was as given
above. -
While the offensive of Bisbee was
able to do the business to the tune
indicated, the defensive was nothing
lacking. AH hough during the first few
minutes of play the line was some
what weak It stiffened when thsre was
any danger. of a score. Twice during
the game Tucson battered to within
four yards of Bisbee's goal, with four
downs, and the line held hem for a
loss, like the stone wall of football
story.
All of the Bisbee backfield bad
touchdowns to their credit. The Pages
at tackle frequently went through
Tucson's line, getting man with the
ball. The guards held positions and
broke up many attacks, while the cen
ter passed the ball very well at every
stage. After the ends found what
they were up against there wasn't a
play around them.
Tucson made most of their gains
through the line, and by a use of the
forward passes However, it was a
battle royal, and it is admitted and
affirmed "the best team won."
The lineup follows:
Bisbee. Tucson.
L.Frasco L.E. Don
Ted Page L.T Vinson
A. Sweet L.G Barclay
J.Ralph C Brown
E. Hoesch R. G Moreno
A. McGee-P.Fage. . .R.T Dunn
Cunningham R.E. Skinner
Visalia QB Harrison
Thomas L.H.B Codd
Douglas Campbell. R.H.B. . . Davenport
J. McRae F.U Smith
Bisbee substitutes: Paul Landrum.
r.h.b.; John Hobbs, f.b.; Douglas
Campbell replacing Cunningham at r.e
Naillon, Suzanne. 8 Avenue de la
Gare Montargis " (Loiret) M. New
man, Bisbee, Arizona.
News was received in Phoenix Fri
: day of the death In Lot Angeles of
Creuzard, Lucien, aux Millets, Com-jW. S. Nichols, which occurred at the
mune de Monteresson (Loiret) Dr. : California hospital in that city. Judge
Gonzales, Bisbee. Arizona. 1 Nichols, as he was known, was a suc-
Bruneau. Maurice, 44 Rue de Paris, j cessful business man of Willcox. where
Montargis (Loiret) J. J. Bowen, Bi-! he ws associated with H. A. Morgan,
bee, Arizona. 1 "ho is now in Phoenix attending the
Bruneau. Raymond, 44 Rue de Paris, ' meeting of the Shrine, Judge Nichols
Montargis (Loiret) J. H. Calvert, also Laving been a prominent Mason.
Douglas. Arizona. Judge Nichols was for years one of
Lhotelller., Maurice, 2 Chemin desj the prominent men of the state, serv
ViciUes Carrieres,- Angers (Maine at' Ing as state auditor and secretary.
Loire) Ev R. Pirtle, Douglas. Arizona.1 during the administration of Governor
Lhotelie Marie, 2 Chemin des Brodies. Following his retirement
Vielles Carrieres. Angers (Maine et form public life, Judf Nichole r
Loire) Mrs. E. R. Pirtle. Douglas, moved to Los Angeles and had resid
Arizona. j ed most of the time in that city.
Lemoine, Georgette, 56 Rue de Mail,!
Angers (Maine et Loire) Eugenia j-
Bretherton and Mr. Collins, i
LeteuiL Odette. 52 Rue Baisnet
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
Angers Elizabeth and Virginia June' Comnmne de la Courlaudry (Maine et
Polton, Bisbee. Arizona. Loire) Twentieth Century club, Bis-
Grenoulleau. Henri, La Promenade,' bee, Arizona.
Gladstone MacKenzle. exalted ruler
of the Tucson Elks' lodge, stole a
march on his friends Thursday, whn
he applied to the office of the clerk
of the superior court for a license to
marry Bessie R. Mo6re of Tucson, and.
crossing the corridor, was married by
Justice Pease, the witnesses being Mr.
and Mrs. Mathew F. Shaw, otherwise
Constable Shaw and wife, who -are
uncle and aunt of the bride.. Follow
ing the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Mac
Kenzie left for Los Angeles. Mac
Kentie is a popular member of the
Elks and an attache of the state au
ditor's office.
S5 ACheetfilSiatt
lLiyjid fv Breakfast in a warm com
r w4wHCr Ll'kv i fortable room -the best
L, W " Tp ' jy start for a successful day.
isj 'V jf1 vir N smoke or odor Furf
rL'1" iJVj consumed only when
V ff HEAJ heat is needed no waste.
Vi Vf TITT A T 1) STANDARD OIL
IY 4 tCnlPEARL) COMPANY
a
PERFECTION
OIL HEATER
FOR SALE BY
Phelps-Dodge Mercantile Co.. Bisbee, Ariz. II. .E. Wooten, Bisbee, Ariz.
Standard Furniture Co., Bisbee. Ariz. Bisbee Furniture Co.,. Bisbee, Ariz.
Stuart & Roundtree, Bisbee, Ariz. Johnson Addition Furniture Co.. Lowell.
Ariz. Phelps-Dodge Mercantile Co., Lowell. Ariz. G. O. Branson Furniture
Co., Lowell. Ariz. Chris Heikkinen. Lowell. Ariz. F. N. Wtlcott. Tombstone.
Ariz. W. A. McSparren. Tombstone. Ariz.. Machomich Mercantile Co., Tomb
stone, Ariz. Phelps-Dodge Mercantile Co., Warren, Ariz. Phelps-Dodge Mer
cantile Co., Naco, Ariz. Fouk
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 18, 1917.
Puplished Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use for republication of all news dispatches credited to
it or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
- All rights of republication of special dispatches -herein
are also reserved.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch .Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
filtered as Second Class Mall Matter at Blsbea, Arizona
Under Act of March 8. 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH $ .76
THREE MONTHS 2-26
XX MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.60
BUND AT (Our Weekly) per year 158
41WDAT (Oar Weekly) per quarter ..
No Subscription Taken For Leas Than 75 Cents.
.76
PHONE NO. S
Review subscrloers not receiving a copy of The Biabre
ally Review before 8 a. m. will set one promptly by
Special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 89. The Review will con
sider it favor If the irregularity of delivery Is reported
to the Circulation Department. .The Meastnger service
applies to Blsbeeonly.
Sunday Morning, November 18, 1917.
MAKE AN INVENTORY.
Food Administrator Timothy A. Riordan suggests that
every dealer in food stuffs will do well to take an inven
tory at ooce, as be will be required to give details of the
condition of his business on November 1 for submission
to Washington December 1. Proper form will be sent
directly to the applying dealers, though not at present
available. An especially accurate inventory must be
made of stocks that go into and out of cold storage.
It is expected that there will be about 100,000 licenses.
The applications are pouring in at the rate of about 4,000
a day and are being recorded. Each merchant, nianu-
facturer or wholesaled will be sent a booklet, containing
complete rules and regulations. There must be no spec
ulative profits on food and all unreasonable profits will
be checked. There must be no delay in moving any com
modity to the consumer, something that will affect ma
terially past practices of holding stuff in cold storage for
a higher market Also there will be a limit, as far ai
practicable, of contracts for future delivery. It is asked
that all licenses give full and voluntary support without
necessity for resort to compulsion. One additional rule is
that foods held in cold storage for more than thirty days,
shall be so marked when offered for sale. The producer
who ships to commission merchants will be protected
and the sale of damaged products, such as frozen pota
toes, is forbidden.
Over in Prance, somewhere in- the tall houses and
narrow streets of Paris, or in the pleasant valleys of the
Gironde or the Seine, or in the woods of Picardy or the
Normandy marshes, are one hundred and twenty-four
little boys and girls who are being cared for in cottage
and tenement and farm by their mothers solely through
the generosity of Bisbee boys and girls. This move
ment to care for French children whose fathers have
been killed in battle is one of the finest and noblest
manifestations of the better side of mankind brought
out' by the great war. Some day, some time, thousands
of French men and maidens will bless the names of
their kind and generous foster-parents across the sea.
Their mothers will tell them of how their fathers died
for France and how American boys and girls made it
possible for them to be kept at home and the story
will thrill their gallant French hearts and they will
become men and women .who will make these warm
American hearts proud to have served them in their
time of need.
"Tell them at home that I went out game," gasped a
Brooklyn boy who was mortally wounded the other day
while fighting in the Foreign Legion on the Aisne. Ye
gods, how the message thrills! How American it is.
Those boys who went to France when . the Hun first
struck, how fine they were. The cream of the ad
venturous and the brave. They went to pay the debt of
Lafayette. Their narass and memory will be venerated
by the French people even as we hold dear the names
of those they sent to us so long ago. Allan Seeger, the
American poet, was killed last year while serving in the
Foreign Legion. He kept his "Rendezvous with Death."
But the poem he wrote ol that rendezvous will never die.
The Sunday Sermon
"For behold, I create new heavens and a new
earth, and tiie former things 6hall not be remem
bered, nor come to mind." Isaiah 65-17.
The Master's promise to the world, delivered through
the medium of Isaiah, the grand old prophet, is a light
house on the shore of the stormtossed sea of life. It is
a reprieve at the very gates of death. Translated into
the Xsue of today and spoken plainly in the ear of
the modern world, it simply means giving a man another
chance.
And we need it
Every one of us.
Need it in one way or another. The man out of jail
needs it and so does the man who has never been to
jail. Judge and jury do not pass upon all the sins and
shortcomings of the sons of men. Rich man, poor mac,
beggar man, thief, doctor, lawyer, merchant chief, all
need another chance. ,
The poor man needs it so that be may work harder
and save closer and plan better and strive to acquire
more skill or learning in order to win.
The rich man needs it in order that he may be more
gentle and more generous in his dealings with others
and thus meet the test of passing through the needle's
eye. '
The failure needs it to mend his mistakes and cure
his carelessness.
The man in the seats of the mighty needs it to make
him more merciful and thus obtain mercy from One
Mightier than he. ,
Another chance. A new deal. A clean slate. A fresh
start. A new dawn, bright as a bride's smile, to come
after the storm and gloom and .weariness of the night.
We make so many mistakes and stumble so often and
shirk so much. Maybe we had a bad start. Or it might
have been that a friend deserted us or a ; sweetheart
proved unkind or untrue. One slip or one false step or
one heedless r reckless act set our feet forever on the
shadow path. It is so easy to start on this path and so
hard to stop.
Jehovah promised Isaiah be would create a new earth
and that the former things should not Be remembered
nor come to mind. He would start all new again with
His erring children. Yes. and He would do more than
that; He would not only forgive them but He would
forget their transgressions. When a friend forgives us
we still feel badly because we are sure that he thinks
of our sin against him, even as we think of it. That Is
the trouble with a misstep or an act of cruelty or deceit.
We cannot forget it And much less can we expect the
one who suffered by it to forget. Memory of meanness
lashes with a whip of scorpions. But the Lord on High
has promised to create a new earth and sky, and that
the memory of former things shall not even come to
mind. t
But He promised it only to those who repent and
who are h'umble and who give Him their love and service.
Not even the Lord on High can help those who will not
help themselves. If we are to have another chance wf
must do our part We must summon the resources of
our mind and the courage of our heart to help our
broken body restore itself in the sight of man. No man
with a hangdog look and a lacklustre eye ever broke
away from the bread line and the gutter. No quitter
ever made good again. No coward ever won the trench
of life against life's enemies. Pride and laziness lie
between ns and another chance like a barrage of shell
fire, obstructive and implacable.
The new heavens and the new earth of the Lord
are not for the sinner who will not help save himself.
And neither is the respect and love and confidence of
mankind for the fallen pilgrim who will not struggle
and strive to come badc again. Fate deals some of us
some hard blows and upon others she seems to smile.
But she never scorns a brave heart for long and she is
never constant to an undeserving man.
You fortunate ones in the sunshine, be patient and
kind to that worthy pilgrim in the shadows; It means a
new earth to him, and maybe a new heaven, who knows?
If you refuse to help the man who is trying to make
good 'again, how can you ask for another chance when
you go down to the shore of the dead man's sea? Tie
humble, oh, you proud ones, for life is only a vision
between a sleep and a sleep. Be gentle with those who
are weak. Bow your head and pray that when your
frail bark is blown to the edge of the reef by the tempest
that you be given another chance.
The Review would bate to be classed as a common
scold, and The Review editor does not pay taxes on
much of anything but a flivver and a last year's overcoa. ;
but nevertheless it is a lact and is here presented as
duty to the district, that the road between the end of the
paving in Lowell and the beginning of the paving in
Bakerville is a shame and a disgrace. Last summet
this was a good road. But now it is like the roadbed
of a creek that has dried up. It does seem as though
it would be economy to fix a road before It gets so bad,
and especially a thoroughfare that is traveled as much
as this one.
Those apples that srew to a golden glory of perfec
tion right under the frown of the Huachuca mountains,
won first prizes and high awards at the state fair. If
they were as fine as the apples this editor plucked in
Palmerlee's grove, no wonder they swept the ribbons
from the Phoenix fruitstand.
Brief State Notes
Two engines sideswiped in the San
ta Fe yards at Ash Fork on Friday
morning. Fireman G. E. Nundry was
scalded by escaping steam so badly
that he died in a short time.
An order giving the right of way
over ell freight to coal, livestock and
perishable freight in the rotation giv
en was received yesterday by H. C.
Hallmark, assistant freight and pas.
senger agent of the Southern Pacific
of Tucson. ,
County Briefs
Miss Fenrod of Boston arrived in
Tombstone Friday from her eastern
home and will spend the winter in
Tombstone, the guest of her sister.
Mrs. John Davis.
For the purpose of making arrange
ments for the visit in Phoenix on No
vember 22. of Miss Anna Martin, na
tional legislative chairman for the
Woman's party, Miss Marjorie G. Ros3,
national field secretary for the party,
arrived in Phoenix last week.
The Arizona state board of pharma
cy is holding a two-day examination,
which began yesterday and will con
tinue today. All the examiners are
present and doing their part. One
of the largest classes which has ever
come before the board is now taking
the examination.
The Indian exhibits are an interest
ing feature at the fair ground in Phoe
nix. The schools have displays of
needlework and sewing that will com
pare favorably with the work of the
Iiigh t-chools. There are exhibits from
the Pima agency, Sacaton and San
River agencies. Indian baskets, bead
work and artistic silver ornaments
hold the attention of many of the
visitors.
tWar note from a "dry" Texas town: "The Waxa
haehle Light Bays that some of the people of Dallas are
now sighing because, they are not permitted to sink a
lot of German 'schooners.'"
It is probable that beef will take a
drop in the Arizona retail markets.
Food Administrator Riordan has re
ceived a number of reports to the
effect that cattlemen now are unable
to sell for anything like the hign
prices that have been known for some
time ' past and that cattle purchased
lately have been on a veritable coun
ter basis. This drop Is expected to
continue down to the retail butcher's
block.
Almost every Red Cross chapter In
the state of Arizona is represented in
the Red ; Cross exhibit at the fab
grounds. This department is in charge
of Mrs.' W. K. James, of Prescott.
Knitted sets for the men in the
trenches and at the front, surgical
dressings of all kinds, comfort kit?
and other things are contained in the
exhibit
An Arizona desert romance of a
clever New York illustrator and a
government service employe of Tubn
City, culminated in the marriage in
Phoenix yesterday of Miss Lillian Wil
helm to Westbook Robertson. It was
while gathering local color for her
western novels, that Miss Wllhelm
met Mr. Robertson who had only re
cently came from Waco, Texas. ' They
had much In common, including a
great lovd for the Arizona desert.
They were included in parties, mak
ing trips to interesting points in (he
north known to few tourists
Undesirable citizens will be forced
to r.bake the dust of Miami's streets
from their feet In tbo future, accord
lug o the positive declaration of Chief
of Police E. T. Cssher. "Any man who
has i roven himself inirilcal .o the
ptaf-ri .nd prosperity of the comniun
.y ,lJ who is -pv. .-r I menace
io lit amicable ad ju orient of labor
conditions will continue to be an un
desirable citizen in Mimi," asserted
Chief Ussher. "And these men can't
find a resting place here," he added.
However, he explains that men who
have come to the district for the pur
pose of seeking employment and who
are not stamped as enemies to their
flag and to the government will be
allowed to remain despite the fact
that they may be very short of funds
It Is stated at Douglas that 120
barrels of beer will arrive at Agua
Prieta Monday and will be sold for
the bene fit of the public schools of
Sonora at 50 cents gold a bottle.
The district headquarters at Doug
las have decided to move their offices
to the First National Bank building.
The move will be made as soon as au
thority is received from the south
western department
Sheriff H. C. Wheeler, who is chair
man of the Tombstone committee for
the collection of funds for the Y. M.
C. A. war work, went to Gleeson on
Thursday, where he solicited dona
tions for the fund. He reports that
be met with liberal donations in the
little mining camp.
There were two sentences In the
superior court Thursday, besides sev
eral other matters, including two
civil cases. Jack Stoltz pleaded not
guilty to bootlegging and his case will
be set later. George W. Dimmick re
ceived six .months in the county jail
and a fine of $25 for the same offense,
while O. J. Munn received a like sen
tence for the same offense.
An order for $1000 worth of candy
for the men of the Eighteenth In
fantry Sixth field artillery in France
was ordered In New York last Thurs
day night by telegraph as a gift from
the people of Douglas, it being decided
that in view of the large quantities
of tobacco being sent over there can
dy for the men who don't smoke
would be greatly appreciated.. The
fund is not quite $1000, but Alfred
Paul has decided to make up any defi
clency that may remain.
AS MAN TO MAN
NEW IMPRESSIONS " ' P'18rim ould ask for at the Arizona
rC ADI7HNA AMn i state fair. The fat man and the gian
Ur AKLCUiNA ATiU te88 and the dwarf and the snake char
ARIZONA FOLKS mer and the hot dog man were all
: there in their native charm. The trot-
The newspaper man is just . back an8 ce we,e Grand Circuit class
from a little trip to Tucson and the especially the Copper Sweepstake,
state capital, and is fairly bulging out ; wnlcl brought out the fastest eteppera
with new impressions of new places m the southwest
and new people. j
The Old Pueblo town is coming lnto The newspaper. man cannot speak
its own. Of that there is not a doubt, j too highly OJ his brethren of the Gut
It is growing larger every day. More enburg and Faust game in the state
business, more people pass up and!cpitl. "Billy" Spear, a former Bis
down its thorofares and avenues of bee editor, U a fixture on the Repub
trade Being an old town, with one Ucan, and he has many friends there
foot in the grave of a past that goes , he had here in the old days, and
straight back to the vanished tribes of that is saying a great deal. The Re
a matter of a thousand years ago, nat- j publican has just installed a new Hoe
urally Tucson has been hampered by i press, webbed and decked and cogged
the barnacles that cling to an old ship
But young blood will tell. The
Pueblo town is bursting from its shell
and taking giant strides ahead. One
does not have to stay in the town iOng
to feel the Impetus of the new move
ment and sense the feeling of accomp-
up to a speed of thirty thousand an
hour, and the office bunch are as proud
of it as any pair ot newlyweds would
be of a new baby. Hall of the Gazette
is doing brilliant work in the Arizona
field. Col. Breen, the sage of Cocon
ino, who wields both the pen and the
lishment Tucson has made great i sword, and therefore cares nothing
The following articles were shipped
Friday by the Tombstone branch of
the Red Cross:
240 gauze strips.
720 gauze dressings.
180 Laparotomy pads.
60 gauze rolls.
84 half-inch drains.
3 pkgs. 9-inch gauze stacks.
14 night shirts. .
2 surgical aprons.
12 pairs bed shoes.
5 nightingales.
Charged witb falsification of the
payroll of the Little Olive Mining
and Milling company, E. B. Mayo book
keeper on the property was arrestee
on a warrant 'in Tucson and held in
five hundred dollar bail for hearing.
When arraigned before Justice Pease.
The bail was forthcoming from J. B.
Ryland and John F. Myers, secretary
of the chamber of commerce, both of
whom knew Mayo. Specifically Mayo
was charged with padding the payroll
to the extent of $:1W . during the
mouths of March and April of this
year.
' General ("adorna like General Mf-flullun nf (he war
between the north and south, was a good tactician hut
a poor fighter. It took a bulldog of the Grant type to
beat the Confederate armies. DouKlas-Halg. commander
of the British in Francr, is the same type.
What an all year 'rocud picnic Villa would have in
Russia these days. And at that this Mexican bandit j
has shown more perseverance and skill and daKh and j
cunning than any of these Russian revolutionists have 1
yet displayed to a disgusted world.
It is betraying no confidence to say that next year
some of the amateur gardeners will let the farmers do it
Jean Spear, city editor of the Ari
zona Record, one of the best known
and best liked newspaper men in the
state, has left Globe on his way to
Phoenix, where he will visit his pa
rents previous to his departure with
the next contingent of men called in
the selective draft to go to the train
ing camp. Before the date of the call
is announced, he experts to make a
trip to San Francisco with his mother
vja automobile and return.
S;iy4 the Arizona Republican: Con
rjrescman Carl Hayden has added to
his lift of taxable property u this
county. Congressman Hayden who
owns city property as well a valua
ble holdings on the southside yester
day purchased an attractive bungalow
at 14S4 North Second street. In view
of tlie fact that the state's represen
tative muKt be in Washington In a
few weeks, he and Mrs. Hayden will
not take up their residence In the
honi" they will occupy some day, but
for the present will lease the buug-i-low.
Thomas Brandt, son of Mr. and Mrs.
T. R. Brandt, arrived in Tombstone
last Thursday evening from San Fran
cisco, leaving Immediately uDon re
ceipt of the news of the shooting of
'is father in the attempted bank rob
bery. Thomas was at sea between
Honolulu and San Francisco when the
footing occurred, and upon arriving
it San Francisco several days later
received a letter telling of the affair
i.nd he hastened to the bedside. He
btained a furlough of tn days, which
jould not be extended on account of
the war, and in view of the fact that
e will be transferred to eastern war
.era.
J. L. McLaughlin, a pioneer of
Douglas, died at his home, 724 Twelfth
street. Friday morning. He had been
n bad health a long time, but his
illness became acute when he was
seized with a paralytic stroke a week
go Wednesday. He would have been
C9 years of age Christmas. Mr. Mc
Laughlin was a native or China, Me.
He went to Corpus Christi, Tex., in
'lis early youth. Later he went to
Kingston, New Mexico. It was
about fifteen years ago, when there
were only a few . houses here
that he arrived in Douglas. For a
number of years he was with Wamel's
grocery store, one of the pioneer mer
cantile establishments of the city,
having been in the mercantile business
aost of his life.
: John C. McNeill, who has been at
the county hospital for five years as
-eeident superintendent, was relieved
';y his successor, Thomas Robinson,
rormerly of Huachuca Siding. Mr. Mc
Neill will leave with Mrs. McNeill In
a day or two for San Francisco, and
should the opportunity offer he would
ot object to serviceHn the army, or
in some feature of war service. He
'.as many friends here who will wish
'Mm and his wife all success in the
future and wherever their lot may be
ast. Mr. Robinson comes to the hospi
tal highly recommended as a man
thoroughly qualified to discharge the
luties which he assumes.
progress in the past four years, and
her next four years promise still great
er things. Rents are high, houses
scarce, new people are coming in and
the pulse ot business beats stronger.
Handsome residences and Imp'osing
business houses stand up high above
the palms and adobe houses of the
past, Location favors Tucson; her
railroads are the arteries that bring
her wealth from rich fields. She is the
natural metropolis of all that territory
lying between Bisbee and Yuma and
Phoenix and Nogales. Her growth is
steady and her strength is consistent.
Her future looms bright and she sees
It before her and is arising to meet it
and reap that harvest that falls into
the lap of every city, once it has sown
and worked and grown to certain pro
portions that in themselves, by their
natural advantages, make a magnet for
the business of adjacent territory.
It is almost as hard to get IV Phoe
nix from Tucson as it is to go from
Rangoon to Mandalay. At least this
newspaper man found it so. The South
ern Pacific has the habit, since the war,
of hitching a little engine that is a
crosss between a scissors grinder and
about the time worn debate over which
is the mightier, was In the thick of the
fray every night In the hotel lobbies.
The Phoenix newspapers issued thir
ty to forty page editions all through
fair week. They carried more adver
tising than the British army does guns.
Phoenix business men believe in Print
er's Ink. Yea, they worship it They
send it abroad upon white wings to
carry the message of their wares and
their ways. And as a result these
merchants are both busy and prosperous.
The Shriners waked things up in
Phoenix. Thursday night In fact, they
made all the state fair festivities that
had gone before look like a funeral
procession. They are the people, these
Shriners. Full of zip, zim and enthu
siasm. Immensely proud of their or
der. , The pick of the state was there;
fine looking men who had crossed the
desert of Arizona to be present and
were now prepared to lead a caravan
of new members across the sands to
the Shrine. They wore dress suits
and the red fez that is famous the
country over for fun and class where
good fellows meet They made more
a sewing machine on to a blgjnoise than a band of college rooters
vestibuled train and trying to maintain
fast schedules. It cannoti be done.
Then you have to change al Maricopa
to the Arizona and Eastern that reach
es down from Phoenix like the long
arm of an old Phoenician trader for
the business of Southern Arizona.
after a football victory. Their band
took the streets and their rank and
file took the hotels and their combined
efforts took the town.
'. The Elks lodge at Phoenix gave a so
cial session for the visiting brothers
The passenger en route to Phoenix. and every one nad , good time on per.
alighting from the Southern Pacific at, fectly harnlless punch, served with
Maricopa, sees the Utile old AriiOna & j sliced ienl0n, to giv. it a kick. The
Eastern train waiting for him on a pnoenix rjdge j8 unique. The news
track on the other side 'of the depot, j paper man met lnere men ,itn cards
and his eye lights with pleasure of a ( from about every lodgt! ln tne cnited
quick run on to the capital. But this
light soon fails. An overworked Mex
ican and a husky American baggage
smasher spend an hour and a half load
ing seven trucks of merchandise and
baggage into an express car as large
as an ocean liner. Then, and not 'till
then, does your train start to Phoenix.
By the time the conductor raises his
band as a signal to the engineman to
go ahead, you have worn a channel in
the concrete platiOrm where you walk
ed up and down like a caged panther i
In your impatience' to be gone.
' They say, that in the old days of sa
loons the bar across from the depot
used to do a big business. The news
paper man should think it would. Wait
ing for trains either way out of Marico
pa would drive any man to drink.
States. Every large city in the east
and on the Pacific coast was repre
sented. Chicago, Kansas City, St
Louis, Louisville and New Orleans, all
these lodges had members in the
Phoenix Elks home the other night
They had come to live ln Arizona and
were happy in their new home. The
newspaper man was never prouder of
his Elks membership than he was
while a guest of the Phoenix lodge.
Phoenix puts on all the airs of a city,
and many of them become her like a
pearl pin in a beautiful blonde wo
man's hair. Thirty thousand people
does she claim, and it does not seem
.0 be a boast judging from her busi-
- They are proud of their hotels in
Phoenix, and some of this pride is jus
tified, for indeed, they have five or six
hostelries there any of which a city ot
twice the size might also be proud.
One ot these hotels is so arranged that
guest or visitor may step from the
elevator to the roof and then climb a
flight of stairs to a platform and look
down upon Phoenix and all the Salt
River valley for lOrty miles around. If
the newspaper man could only grab
One of ihese supercilious travelers
from the north or east who judge Arito-
ness section and crowded streets. ! na their view of it from a Pullman
There is as much push and go in Phoe
nix as one would expect to find in
some bustling city on the banks of
Lake Michigan. And automobiles!
Name, of a name! This town is the
Detroit of the southwest They park
machines there along the surbs and
car window and take him to Phoenix
blindfolded and remove the bandage
only when be stood on this platform !
Well, the man would always swear he
had been mesmerized or transported
on a marglc carpet or something of
that kind. And he would be justified
then bank them in rows like sardines ' ,n that bel,ef- For 8Urely no one
in the middle of the streets. Phoenix ! h azed cross the endless miles of
can do this, as she has extraordinarily
wide streets. The man that laid out
the town had vision. He knew that
wide streets are both a beauty and a
blessing.
As regards the state fair, the news
paper man did not see very much of it:
he was too busy driving around I
through the fruitful Salt River Valley
and counting the orange trees and esti
mating the acreage of the alfalfa and j Meadows and coiton fields and orange
cotton. But he saw enough to con-1 Sroye "ny 'heir green banners clear
vlnce him that the Arimn deseria can ! to the mountains. Some sight breth-
tlie Arizona desert would expect to
stand upon a high place in the centre
of the state and look out upon row af
ter row ot trees that aliuOst bide the
roofs and turre.s of a beautiful1 city.
If seems like a good dream come true
to look down from this hotel upon the
olive and the orange and the palm.
And through the green, here and there,
flash the red ot the oleander and the
ro.-e. Beyond the city the alfalfa and
send lust as fine and iust as manv
Sheriff Harry Wheeler Is In receipt! farm prodU(.ts to her exhibition hall as
any f tate in the union. The pigs were
so fat they couldn't walk and the cows
gave so much milk that a patent ma
chine milker gave out ou the job while
the milk still flowed free. The jars of
jam and preserves' stood in the came
shining fascinating rows that the news
paper man has seen in Kansas, Missou
ri and Illinois. Melltlower apples from
Cochise won prizes galore; tbey would
have won in any lair iu the world.
Thev were as yellow as gold and as
perfect in design as a Swiss watch.
f a letter from the seven negroes
drafted from this county who were
recently sent to Camp Funstou for
training. They write to thank him
for the drill he gave them before they
left here and to tell him bow well
satisfied they are at the training
ramp. They are in, a colored regi
ment of 2200 men and there are alto
gether 6500 negroes in the camp.
Tbey wish to thank the ladies of the
Loyalty IcHgue fur the fine banquet
and the big send-off given them and
say that.they, as well ai the other
drafted men from this county, will
give a good account ot themselves in
the war. They are all in the ma
chine gun company of their regiment.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
ren; some sight to see. that valley that
the waters of Roosevelt dam have
blessed.
And LOw the newspaper man is
home -again working at his little old
desk iu cleft in the Mule mountains.
The mine chiitineys and the niesquite
join hands to make his landscape. But
he likes Bisbee the best. The swing of
this border camp carries him along:
the grip of the canyon holds him fast.
Only a little ways across the desert
lies a can on In tVie Huachucas that
is fairer by tar than anything the nana
Every species of grain known to man j of mau has grown or painted in the
Salt River Valley. Lar ana o.-joni
and water are there just as the Master
placed them. But the trip west and
north helped a lot. It showed this
were' shown here in abundance and
with excellence. As the barker tor a
sideshow said, and said truly, even
though he spoke with more emphasis
Jian elegance. "Come aud see, and it'll i new paper man more of his rtate and
knock your eye out." its people aud made hiin proudc ot bis
Yes, they had about everything ajuewhome.
4 FIVE
Bisbee The Richest Copper District In the World
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 18, 1917.
I
By H. r. n'H,
SUIT Cerrespoadrul M.irninit Tim-..
The Varrn d.Mr.ct i.f Aii.-na i
naleit In 'Jot'liiM- .wmiI? li : l miies
irom the !i;iria!.i.ii;it Ic-iimI i: M-lwoen
I he Infant tste aiU Mexico, mil hair way
between Ui" irast and west border lines of
I tie count;. Mrsirin-ail.v, Uie Warren
iistiurt is situate! hi (lie Mule iiminaiii
and in the a-.irg named by pioneer of
me district uiiia rauyou. 11 is nuunora
on tlte north bv mountain, ou Uie west
' more mountain., on Uie south by other j
muni, tains, and un the east by hair inonii-1
taias and a kuji Uirourh lu-ti a wiuftiwr !
road leads to the level lands or the bur- I
der district, i row miles '.,
Tombstone Has Rcprnlrd. j
Mules and turm sl:lt exist '.n the old
Mule canyon and It: the Slide iiihuiiI.wis.
But the ftoats hive ioiu: siu. beeu ilriveu
away. In the early ilays a few tiioiinl.iin
(ruats Jumped from cliff ! --SilT. At the
same tinjc tlie prospectors, icording to
tradition, located copper canes iu the
a-ulch. Th y became the foals.' replaced
the mountain var.ety. accrdug tu ilme
woo tlien populale1 Toiulistntie. Any man
who would sl.ike out 01 a itott.
according t" the Tmnlistmeiti. when he
niiglil as well be staking out sllicr snrli
as Tombstone b"led- Tuiidislone lu
sine repented Us Minpinir saiecsui and
tlie a-nats of the WarriNi district h ue -developed
oue of Uie greatest cupper min
ing sections lu tlie Mulhuest.
Haw to Get Into District.
To reach tlie Warren district the traveler
has tlie choice of two methods train or
motor cars. By rail he leaves the ni3in
line of the El Paso k Southwestern and
virus Into tha inijier end of the district
over a burro line. If he be a fount ill
l"ou;l 's and desires rtispMrh, be may trVe
ri rii!o slcre ov-r the Hat border lands
curt into the nruinta us. I.arpe. ensy-riri-I'ljr
and expensive rar. on this stae line
rod a fair ro.-d m-Ke th.-1 tnu a ili-.siiie.
If he runes from tin- other iliie-tion. tlie
traveler may take stafre rroru Wtllrot or
fnun Toniiistune. lie is essurei a ple-s--M
trip from any direction. Tlie artist
8'id th" writer enjoyed :.ri e'.'ei iit mo
tor trij) from Iionirlas into tf uisti let.
cnrivuiR ?t one destination Just as tlio
lii.-l-ts of the Warren district began twin
kling Iioia cenjou and hill.
Tia Town aid Other Suburbs.
The; Warren di.-trirt Is mule up of sev
eral cities and batf doaen suiall cmiiiiiiHii-
ties, risliee Is the lamest of the cites.
Lowell, situated Ml the ranvou directly lie- j several nulls? u:i each ile of Ilie
low Bisbee. is next In sie. ahd Warren.
the end or tlie string of houses r.nd stores,
still below Lowell, is third. Tin Town.
South Bibee. Jipyerviile. Hon I. ills and
several other similar suburbs bouse from
inn to soO ramilies. Earn or tUe cji es and
suburbs, wi'h the exception of Wsrr.'ii.
was built because of its proximity to
mines or plants where the residents wort.
Blttee Picturesque.
Bisbee is the Spider web of the Warren
district. Jlhe oldest settlement or tlie dis
trict, and the most picures-pie. Topper (s
the (treat .spider which has spun the web.
The web extends out several canyons or
K-iilches and the bills between tlieiu. Thou
sands of residents in the web are tlie cap
tives of the spider, copiicr. They bave
been drawn into bis net by h s ni.imc
rail. Tbey hive been i.ufht In the hue
threads or the web. and have remnlued.
And. captives like the fly. tltey toll ror
copper, the spider which hj lured them
to his iMHiie. IHIike the trained fly. tliey
itve. thrive and prosper in ore or the most
prxtrressii e, srtive and well-pa d tiiniin?
camp wills tvlncli V rcd-inetal sjiider
has er .s.iuii.
' Te Ilea-1 or the t cb.
In fhe --::rt or tii shhUt's web. Ilisbee.
is sitiiared the K' uful oliice ImiiIiIior or i
Wv 11-- All ff ;'T- f
if i rfiTj I . I iz-vJ
fife
itirs. Hcic it lert tl'.e railix'.id. ro-c
-'i.j iu aitituuc uier a loliinx lint
country, luial.y cuteiing a pap u. the
todti .. i uiiiii. tis.bic in tue last-wan
,..-- li(-i. ,i iiasoi.fiit mt.ialicd Hut
diner iu ati.o.
a lolil-iii in khaLi.
lCside ttc luwti ooMxi n bioiorcyclc. A
iin'u ui 4iMiki uuiiuiiii and wearing- a
mvm s.-eittiv uiii.aleti Won a iiuli-
;ii i- "L," .-:c,.h;u iu uie sun: ui tue ina
ciime. Ho i allied ins ligui lllio Ine cur.
tihais your uaiuc, mid vvncrv you
;:iu ? i.e iiiginrcu ui a nuclei. .- in oue
o. tiie Jtiiup s.n cis. Ine ansoci' was not
cutiiely Musiactoiy.
-a.i jou wuitiiiv,;" lie iiKUirod fui
il.ci . I m il ho pin u si'Veral outer ques
tions. aiHl tui oeu his attention to the outer
pa.-scHoCi lie i-Jlisiieil luiuseJl ui what
iis paKsi'iters did uot know, but urdetvd
tiie car to procecu. A wouiau iu Ine iiont
s -ut a--keu ii i.e were uoi uitercsten iu
icuialc. ' tie bUiued out did not an
swer. '
A "lium Uillrr.-
"Tliat's a ouiu killer. " explained tin
paciiki r, wiiu knew eveiioiiu and
vi-i.vI,iiii. lie is a special kepiiiy, the
man c .piuiueo. Iiis dmy is tu muul I lie
uis.ri' i acjauut iiua.-loii bi mj.a its and
diiiiiors.
iiic pa-stiiiircrs were tlill di-.usiii?
.'lie ' bi. in killer'' and his luellums tiicii
liKnts oi iiiiniiiK plants on the hills
the Ox.p'r V'icoii Ji aiu h. I'l b's-ltnd:'e jack oi l.ooeli weie Mt'iiled oead aiu-ail.
I'orporatioii. A railr:i3 i slnliuii. a theater j iic.i pUvcd. huudicii oi' tlieiu. uvaiUst
and a street car and jib s.at on aie also I i bl-ck outline or tue inouutain. i rom
lealure- of tin- wch' rente,-. M"ie tlieiu di-fwni iiiex u pcared as ilickeriiiK
s.mlei ha sl ,.-.,l li s work hi ;hi.vlnx ' iin.iles. n;uM b.o.in liu! si .riiul. In Hie
out tlie tralld. id Ins tiel. 1 he sn-1-" ! lujiieiiiate iute,:ioiiiid a bniiit (ilre roe
run east, uoriu aim e-t. n ine s nun oni a laniuii.
is i wall anaui-t whiih tlie ' rh lias, AciI I he I'aKUurr ar K.crihlna.
bc.-n woven. II itie.il sir.iif if 1110.111-' Hello, a lire.' s-id ki e uui ll
tu VilUck cuuniu1 Ui-Ww tt '- . - -' r i-il ..lt.t.lL.X "illii uUl
r tve raaiat.iiir slra uis rmiii the su4t "i ts luiiii:' p i h o-e i u.uuiai? uuwu.
for tho network, lie mci . n.- !mi ; i.u . tl.ey Wont . In save it."
atranrls. TotnUstone cai on. is laid tonaid ' ' he ' .i, pa.--na li,e li.imes on the rixhl
the wst Truni tiie eb" i enler. ror more ' sc. erai Li.;uic,l ie;-i aiiii wa tast ura -than
a mil" jt winds turoiiuli a Imulsuiue j U'l-' mlo li.e o,ii-i,l, ur l.oell u lien a
Im-ili. ss Mvti'H) an, 1 rei-ideucc diftm I. i k'"uiii tkqil t o driver tu inqiiiir
eu it to the Dni iu aidiiff.- railutniK ''' ai.il unat ti.e lire wa. Tlu- is
.slrand. Howell avenue, b-iiils prst tiie jp-' : ''"'"'t lold her II v. s the ji:-t house,
per yueea olllees. the Co.ei .me;-ii lintel. " -"he to d lulu i was s;ieei s ranch lioii,e.
a rlturt-li a'd m -bo.il, Ine V. M. :. A. and ; Aa arauueiu .- aici .eu by t.ie til iver
several other uist iui.ci;s. to auotner rc-I a ill.-reniiiij luau, raced for
ueuce district Inau u;i on t.ie Uui-. ' '-"en 9 ni.is.
1
to the riisririntr down of Sacr iihmIo lull,
mid later the excavation of the ground
beneath the hill.
Ever Widrnlnn Mine Held.
A?ahi. if the visitor be arrpialiiled with
the mininp area nr itisbcc and the Warren
distri.-t, be will note now llici Hie dis-
Irict is exlcn.lii (r. tlrt the romparalively !
- -II .'ica in xvhich activity foiiiH-iIyj
was conrined, has been extended, and IP-I ,
mopoites and ore bodies aie lieinir 1
4dened up south of tlie Mule mountains
and soiitneast or tlie present proiiueinit
properties. He will bear the prediction
th i in five years the Warren district '
mmtiifr area will have grown pil-'autirallv
and that activities at . Die end or ten
years will surprise the most optimistic.
He will hear (riowina- accounts or proni
Isintr prosMM-U in tin- district, of new
I mils iu sections comparalivcly unproved,
and or fast developing- bonanzas. While
utile Ins been sold outside tiie district
ol lis prospects, while promoters have
Tailed to capitalize the producing mines
of the district in placing their prospects
befoie the public as other ranip- or the
state have been capitalized, and while
the number of speculative nrosnects in
the district is leu compared to nlherl
sections, the warren district pas been
making long strides toward a .develop
ment whirl! in the Inline years will make
it. according to evperl testimony, a pro
ducer 01" more than double the ore now
turned out cacti nay, week, month or
year.
MucH or tlie old-time atmosphere of
Bisbee is retained though the women, the
yaiiitiliug and tlie bad liquor have been
driven Coin 1 lie saloons, on the historical
aim pictuieMpi: Ihewery gulch, formerly
c nler of more or s sinlul ceutei of
aetiviiies, the sahMins have beeu turned 1
into son drink paia- es. . J
' lloflus "Suds" seryrjl ' ' .!
The bar.-. iuidlahles, the bras? rail, and
inn. -or-, the white aproned atteudatil. .
and soft stuff which foams Ilka real stniT.
take a visitor back to a time w ht-n there .
xx as a real kick 111 the sturr they ei ve.t. .
Hiiiher up in the gtileli the tin-pan din or
a piano and the bright lights of a daiu-e
hall recall to the minds of the old, wide- '
oien days an ever present finger point- 1
ing to the past the- monuments to pio- '
w" Hishee reinaiii, tlK- loalinir and '
lounging places 'of the same grizzled .
uio-rs vmm 1 nauuied lieni years ano
Jtrrueri llnli.li r..t.,,.,l i 1 ' i .1 1 v.:i- ll-. ili oliv i.l.l I'll Tiir. 1
To Hie north, u.c'cru a tt.id j.-a:i d '. I'l'J V xvi e." ss.,1 i. e . r-senger "who ' lounge, in their chairs alN.ul ,
the web is kuowu as Iuw..v i.U i. u- in'- everyone mil evciMiiine. decrepid green-clothed tables Just as they
luous for it, pioti.oi day c.-.'labli.-.i.iu'li - 1 r Heeis. wilier than those or bis- '','m,'(j loafj.1 and .M .-a-ioiially
and one or tlie , ,-t v.id.-.v ku,- . .d . ?" e.,'-o;ileied at Ih. ,-o ..r 'i'L'fl'' J '' k'r ' was Uke" tn" I
Arizona's sporlu.g diMr rt, hi t,.e .-u..i ! rll lid tin- c-r nasl swiltiv and thZ. I,g"".r Mr ty"- . '
Lalinv dais bef..c- i,.-,di,.. ' sileniiv up looiosiune raiiv..ii b. mm- i:oi.-i ' "een '""ring places or ;
. - . . , .... ... - . ' I nilIlKP Sltli-aa 1 1 ia Mliih liao-iii fit irlou .
IIIl UldliUli . vii .em,.. ...I ..l.i . - 'i I I'il tltUlM i ll ;irfl.t illwl I 111. ' ... ' mm u n ,
rSif?-o-i!V
.!V,:-'' !"'!! i """per ,e ,H-s.e.,. "At V.
rooiinuuiou "l loiiiDstoiie canton and a
connecting I'nk with Lowell, varrvu and
Uie outside wiuld.
H.inara Uomrslrad Sites.
Across Uitse sti anils arc x.ote;i the
tin tads of tiie. i-t. i hey are iitc uuic
and rough. Aaluie did not t-n low Lie
MUder with a salira.'lory buiidniz plot,
liatuer she threw up iu oim oi :,cr con
vulsions, a lll)--gcii. i-uugh, teep li.i.ce
Site. WiiidiD-. small and snort roads,
leading rioni tin- canyons Vi lue tops oi
Jioghaiks or up st.-ep iilside,. uttn
wixMlen or roci-racved stauwavs. an-:
dizzy, mo ii ale traits wliici lea l ine vis
itor from the main Miauds lorin a uuue
nf connecting netwoik winch coiiiiilec?
the w .-b. The main si rands ai e iiimied.
occasionally the visitor discovers one oi
the smaller strands winch has been
rJirLstened. Generally the strands are un
named, which, by tue way. is responsihlc
for the taut ti.l iu -pne of Us K.pi.li...;i
and busuiea, bisbee lias no Iree po-tal
delivery.
borne Nii-i'l Viury
It w ii. ii. lu.i tiu.- i.a.i vi...- w"io ue as iri sob.s.
riiineil their ii,,e;i;.-.- iiiciiscjvcs on the' 1
iii.-t roiirse. ihen Uie wsiliess was bur-1 fuliManllnllv Hiilll.
ririeii b""oc lliev ii'insed the dessert I T," J'ears of growth of the city are
"Mv. xvh.-t little jrit-etues ,e saj, . marked in the ge and appearance of the
as she raix-d her iimnU palms out nfl bomes and the buildings, structures in
curse, tic mnicrs would have takcui"" business district which have beeu
iles-eil. . reared ;M or HO years ago stand lie-ide
, . ,., Blt,. buildings which have been ere.ted in the
Hi-mi imt im. Vv m?.... .ii .h i i'""-" r'w 'a,s- " ,s remarkable, how.
r..J ' ii eTr ! .... f,' ,lltri'1 '-Peiid.Ver. to note, that as In fiouirlas. the
.J . r.. V.. ,i.. .1... -r . . i,. . , ., buildings of the business district are of a
.' in, i- . 5'"' ,, "N "r """Ip'-rnHiiient and substantial character and
Vuepi'lare generally either of brick or concrete.
,-!"'t"(' 'l,a"ll'l!i '" l".Mjmy of them are aiiHing the mo.t hand-
. .. IA,'l,,.':ll'r"l"'r"'. '"' tlie)s,.me and sincion in tlie slife. Incliirting
i c.ist little iiiiiH-. the sliattuck. He- ( this list the orric-s or the copper
sides several mints now iu the making- i.nieeit. the r..niianv store biiildiinr. the
or Just prosiK-cts ;re rrrorrting employ- nosti.rrice and l.nbllc llhrarv. Hie build-
M
iiieni lo siwne lew men and women. In
all the three Isrge mines or the district
several tl send persons are employed.
They in turn s.ipix.rt busy, progressive
o.l up. to uale stores, restaurants and
icircsiiiiieiil parlors.
Hiie l Iwduslrx.
Tic mines of the district lie in a long
Ti- -!,. i ..... t.. .......... .. ..... i - ui
lug through Ihe oiax f Mairuav , and r1'5"'.. l '"'i'" "' Um sb"'ei 's wei,.
slilll'ttill.i a.nl
nans wncil lliev Ulsl-ovcrcil one or tilt
liirrermciilly liauied pal is. The sign an
nounced " urve street. "
".Now, what do ou know about Hut.'"
Inquired tlie ailisl. --i,uive strict. I'll
be banged ir it lsh'L"
Soino day tlie eiune city Will I.e named
in streets, some day it will txuist oi un
delivery or mails, carinas will climb Its
stairs and dizzy trails. Ami when lor
dly dads begin naming (he highways auil
bjways, Uk tradwats and stairways it
would be practical lor tlieiu to select
their names as appropriately as ciiixe
Street" was selected. Then letters will
read, "Angle boulevard." "Circle Alloc, "
-Hent street," -Crooked Lane," -Arrii,"
"Arc," -row. "steep." "Hill." and uiauv
otlier similarly Minor streets. Hesideiits
will be able to determine rroui ihe name
of the street ir they wish to go rallmg wu
JMrs. Jones, on .-summit street, or Mis.
MpiUi on Canyon street. It will be a
tatter or determining altitudes. The
una beni ticui results will acciue Pi lue
grocery man io making ileliveries. to tlie
collector iu nuking culleetious and lo the
sparrow in searching a place ror iter not.
besides, the plan is simple and practical.
Mrerls Are All faxed.
All of tiie main streets or bisbee arc
paved. Because the grades are sleep and
because there is much tt an ic by horse
and wagon brick has been laid in most
instance.. Tliey are in direct rouirast
xx ilh the wide, streets of Ixiuglas. ihej
are narrow, and crooked. The sidewalks
on eitiier hand are correspondingly Nar
row, permitbng easily the passing- of two
people but not of two couples. Conse
quently a 1 1 coucn t si Khl Is pecle-tnans in
tue strecLs and a maxtiilied idea or the
numbers of peron,s on the i-trccu re
sults Hon i their rrowd.il conditions.
The artist and the writer caiiM- into the
Warren disi'ni in one of the auto sidles
from IxillgliK. Hie Mde was clrcllciit,
alM, milling in ..icnery ami vaileil couuirx
and made les- i resdiie by iulcrrsting in
cnlenls and even... I eaviug iH.uglas their
ar fand l. the e,i .iiauiini iMtween
then and tlte seltn v sun the rof cr-col-ueel
smoke clouds ol the Ixxo Itoiilec city i
smellers. The car tin icd aero-., a rial,
level eoi.nlry. rollouinv Ilie railroad lo
ioicsl slali-.ii, hair way jetwecu tlie two I
r.irm.ur a )a-e line ror the construction
or the w.-b. i .real gallows rraii.es. simp',
mechanical and electrical plaids, railroad
tracks on winch many engine, pv Willi
ctrs loaded, or to m- loaded, with ore.
lowering -moke stacks, tier iiihiu tier of
activity infested roadway, make Ihe area
in winch the mines are located a district
of xisibl. . energetic labor and toil. The
properties or one company edge on tho-e
of anotlvr and be triangleipg into other
prop, i ties, iso intricate is the network
of slh.ps. planls. tracks, roads and rail
way that Hie visitor cannot determine
where each company's mines are located,
where the central sharts are dug, whose
ore bins or plants he is looking on he
knows only that lie is viewing the mines
whi. ti produce ahuo-t one-third of the
copper extracted in Arizona.
lugs of the fraternal organization. Inchid
ilia the Klks. the MasOns and oilier orders,
the i -upper O'lceo iK.tel. various aiiart
nient lious--s and tlie V. M. C. A., schools
and churches.
In tlie rcideuce district the type of
construction is generally nf board III one.
two. three or four rooms. There are.
iHinever. many itostly residences, built ot
brick ami concrete. The outstanding rea
tnres or the resilience districts are the
maimer In which liomcs are built clinging
to the InlKiiles. the front d.M.rs of one
tier opening onto the roofs at tlie barks
of the Her below, and the number of
houses and homes which must he ap
proached through a lone and tedious
climb up stairways and trails from the
business distrirt of tlie rlty.
Kxrry Hume Has Tines.
Fvery home has its vines, and trees.
Totlonwoods are the most numerous of
the trees. Iterance tliey flourish with less
rare In this district than do other vali
nes. Rut many homes bine In their back
yards or their front yards small orchards
of various fruits. To plant and grow
lliese trees their proud nxxners have haul
ed dirt several miles, dug out of the rock
and decomposed stone In the Yard, and
fraductloa oa Normal Basis. I filled up with rich loam. A green laxvn.
In October, according to a renort i. i few- shaile trees, and rliinblng vines for
sued while the artist anil the writer werel'"' n" ll,r,'hes are tnus made pos-
In Bisl.ee. the smellers t mii.l.. nrn.l nrt '"' ."' T"T ,.lrt
diiced more than one-third the total Ut- I',,v'L,?'''1?n;' T rarerully nursed, m
put of the stale, about si mmoon tvnimds d,'rfct wliere the bare iwks have ar-
approximatcl the m n .. l outpm ?or the LT"1 "T p"!T,"nJf'1 '.'l' I',"" ,,h ,h0,n"f
nlants a rreater nri nr ti... ' where nature has dictated the location or
Jan'iVm. o're "mlneH, the W arre'n'Ts fomierty tiothii.g but
ti ict ann sliiniM-d in wrlJt , J, ... "'e lo scrub oak and a few- similar
is ra'l as it J aken m m C i ""s,''i, "TPW- In'" ",'tlf"1
snlte of tli- r.ci tit i "1L .Y,,h.ln hr ' Industrious atlentlon to the
strike in the .iimn ir n,.". T. V'" T'H . ""ery for w hich residents have bad H
"trttix x of"r;.rd.re "
tert their Industrie, through energetic inctr yards. ......
and dra-tie anion, tlie lire of ihe citv Tallina 1 nder IMftiriillles.
the pro.lu. tiou of the mines, and busiiie,- " hl" ,,lr ,-, '" r,'r.
Interests have returnfyl to an almost nor- nFV'' admiruir one e-pecl.illv lieantinil
mal state, and tlie Warren district i. VKr.i end li.e nigh up .i one nr m-iiee s
enjoying now a period or aetivliv which "'"".r "" Toinli-hMie
riials the most productive davs or Ihe !v"n -f1"" ,'"v """ "'"king
.,t,i 1 j calls. he was dress'd for Ihe occasion.
In. . r.m ... .,. f..,i ..... i, ...... 1,-jt .,,,1
. siwin n.l.Hia. i
line or the i t -inking simile a'--!
IHIIies which the vlitor ees In his tliorc I
or les lasiial visit to the nunc., is the'
xxorg now laKllig place on the sai l aineul,.
mil. .mi tin- very ai ex or the iii.lv. re.l
SS Wvih.A Vs.
IK.ssible toward the house rrom xxhuti
trunks and furniture were being i.-.Uc... '
An inclined elevator XM.uld lu-xo siiupil- !
fled matters considerably and Would ii.-ve ,
necessitated oim- hall lilt men use I. tour ,
men took the corners of nn ordinary :
trunk, struggle to keep on their feel. i'iiiI I
gradually slid and rraxvicd down the
small windiiig Iran to in.- molor truck. j
Primitive lransiiirlatiH.
On the lull back or toe city mul al,i.- I
tlie railroad tracks winch run alon. the i
south side or the ciiy, a puck train of
burros atlalneil lieiglils wni' li inoioi :
trucks and xxagous imuiIiI nd leach, l.t-ch
burro, loaded with two bov s or ore, u- 1
gered along tlie trail, xx hiding down P.- :
v.ard the center or the city, where they I
were unloaded and their biirdeii x as j
tian-fcried to a molor vehicle.
Beautiful MrllKiiiiiril Sckuuls.
II is hardly itecesn-y t. say tnai Hid-cr
has l.vaiittfii I .scIkmjIs" iu huge uiiunjo. .
and lhal the syslem extends Ingu liie up
ht end of tomli-loiie canyon down
iii-iiee. Ihrouzh I ow.TI. and to Wane,i.
The buildings Include a huh school, some
l." iriaded s.-Imh..-., a tinman i alholic .
chool and convent. Tliey are. a- were ,
Iho.e or Lunulas and ollwr Au. ,m towns, I
well built structures or modern arrange- j
nienl and equipment, xio.l id llicin are .
Inilll away troiu the tuaiii tlM.iniiatitarcs.
In appearance and In Uie xxoik lliev are
accompii-inug they are m-tiiiiments to the
public spirit of the district and credits I
Jllf-4:ii
I I., tlie e.iiii.f.- hi,. I -Int.i
goves. lie carried a small silver rard '
a-e. She picked her xvav over tlie trails i l.ourll It ia-.ll In tl IJIIIr Illy.
and stalrwavs rrotn one to another resl- lowed in the lni-nic-s district Irs one
ileinr. Her slus were not hi barmonv niinii street several bundled feet long and
", Willi the lemaniilcr or her co-tuiin. Iiow- j muciv wider than Ihe mala streets or His
d lexer. Tbey xxere beavv. tun w alkuisr ' A btaiuTi ..r the Copper i..n.eii -lore
mountain located between ii,bee and shoe'., ncarlv walking liools . Press si si's one id Hie lai t-c4 Institutions or the
I ..uell lu m ..In, i,i II ill... . I .. .. . . p : . . J ...... ii. .i ., , .
..wen, i a ciiiirn unit. Below it on ; or the in.s stiinlv coulructioii wo ild
Ihe south side or the hill Is a series of t bate withstood will t linn the trails I
i. its ".. sw i.c'ii.4) ks. ai tue loo n and nal is w i cl. slu. r..ree.l r.il ow.
tint luy an r.iiiiuicrrhifi leaf.
thce line-, a great steam shovel delve
Inlo the rock of Hie loll. Ilie opera
lion marks me rust -team -lion! mtninp
in the xxarrcii di-H U t and is picliiuuiai
rnrtlM-!- iii the canton tie watched the
process or moving. n auloiiiobile truck
liad ben backed up the canyon as far as
city. . Hotels. re-ljuiaiit-., stoics ol
various chaiilel.c, several t'-ealets. one
of llieiu the l-irve.t In the di-tiu t. make
i't the reuiaindei or the block. Much
-mailer thin In-liee lu its ceiilrnl make
up, loxxcll i- one or the hti-icsf -h.s
"I the di-trul. I lioii-.inils ol lowi -r-.
V .1
Wi
rx
my
who toil in Hie -pi. nt- or the several
c.aupaiiies. im.kc then hemes about tue
town mid on It- onl-kiii-. I'efu-cu bis.
hi"- mid Lowell II Is lllipos-II.Ic lo t. il.
v urn Iravclpng i long the p.ite.i lui. n -wax.
where liie one ends and lhcolhu-
l.lgllls.
l oved i- I'- of the iiiggM hilly city
r .1 in l isbee. lien the silc lor Ihe
town wn- choscii a tin-In on tlw Tomb
stone cauyidi wis sel.-H'd .s ine luo.t
axaihiblc -m. for rnii-trnettou About
iWe
Mov
el
Two months ago we started business here. We had no
customers. We were unknown in the Warren district.
NOW
We have to move to much larger quarters, enabling1
us to fill the orders with more rapidity.
SUCCESS
Is the reflection of things well done the reward of
merit and labor. Success depends not so much on
inspiration as itoes upon perfection.
Let us show you how garments should be made;
No garment leaves our place that is not satisfactory.
For 15 Days
We Will Make a Special Re
duction on All Orders
We will also make garments from your own ma
terial. We do refitting and re-modeling.
Fruitman's Fashionable
Fadies'Tailors&Furriers
HUGHES BLOCK
OPPOSITE Y. M. C A.
LAST CHANCE
Ar
FOR YOU TO BUY
izoea
Oil
For 2 Cents Down and 2 Cent When Oil Is Struck.
Work It to Be Started Next Week and Price of
Stock Will Be Raised to 6 Cents Per Share,
Monday, November 19th, 1917.
(Subject to OversubaiJription)
Do You Know That Oil Has Actually Been Discovered
In the Chino Valley of Arizona?
Do you know that in the well where this discovery was made, the drill
PENETRATED ONE HUNDRED AND TEN FEET OF OIL BEARING
SAND, and that In the Oklahoma oil fields, wells are producing 500 to
1.000 barrels of oil daily, from LESS THAN FIFTY FEET of oil sand?
Do you know that PARAFFIN BASE OIL, such as discovered in the
CHINO VALLEY, is worth more than $3.00 per barrel, and do you rea
lize tlmt a thousand barrel oil well Is worth at least ONE MILLION
DOLLARS?
Do you know that the property of the ARIZONA OIL A REFINING
COMPANY has been faxorably reported on by MR. E. A. EDWARDS,
an expert oil man who comes to the CHINO VALLEY recommended
by such people as E. U Doheny. bis; operator of Los Anrteles; Mr.
Spellacy. of the Mascot 0:1 Company, and by the Union Oil Company
of California?
Do you know that from the indications found in the CHINO VALLEY,
there is every logical reason to believe that the ARIZONA OIL A RE
FINING COMPANY may eaoily brin? in ONE HUNDRED OIL WELLS,
worth ONE iMILLION DOLLARS EACH?
Do you know t.hat in the oil industry, the first cost ta the last cost, and
that when a well is brought in it practically operates itself that no
bit? money is then needed for continuous production as is the case in
mining?
What do you suppose the purchase of $100.00 worth of stock has
meant to those who wer ORIGINAL BUYERS, in some of the oil com
panies? In COCHISE OIL, that ORIGINAL $100.00 INVESTMENT is
now worth $17.0li.00; in QUAKER OIL, it is worth $-0,000.00; in
HOME OIL it is worth $40.tu)0.00 and there are others too numerous
to mention.
A contract is no ht-inc negotiated for drilling the ground of the
ARIZONA OIL & REFINING COMPANY, located IN THE CREAM
OF THE CHINO VALLEY, where oil HAS BEEN DISCOVERED.
Are you going to BUY NOW, at the very LOW PRICE, which ill
mean several thousand p. r cent profit when a well Is brought in?
THIS IS THE TIME FOR ACTION ON YOUR PART. On SATUR
DAY. NOVEMBER 17th. the PRICE OF THIS STOCK WILL BE
RAISED TO 6 nts per share, provided THERE IS ANY STOCK
LEFT OF THE PRESENT ALLOTMENT.
DON'T WAIT. I'ay your TWO CENTS PER SHARE NOW. and two
cents more WHEN AN OIL WELL IS BROUGHT !N BY THE ARI
ZONA OIL S. REFINING COMPANY.
Remember! THE RICHEST MAN IN THE WORLD IS AN OIL KING!
GENERAL SECURITIES CORPORATION
Room 2, 3 and 4. Second Floor, Chamber of Commerce Bldg.
PHOENIX, ARIZONA.
Office Open Evenings.
BISBEE OFFICE SASSE'S, MAIN ST.
COUPON
For Monday Only, this coupon is worth 2c at the
) Bisbee office when purchasing Arizona Oil & Re- !
( fining Company s stock.
M
i
s
(Continued on Page Six) SIX
THE BISBEE IjA.lY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 18, 1917.
Kasl Unite
10
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
:(JrHnlv 6"i
i Green Can
34
Goldfield 40
bor' troubles nn-l the hearings Tor in
creased rales before the interstate
commerce commission.
Ti e opinions of eminent financiers
regarding the requirements of the rail
roads provoked lively discussion, es
pecially the suggestion that they be
subject to control on the plan now
governing- financial institutions.
The Russian and Italian reversals
served to keep international ex
changes in an uncertain state, rubles,
however, rallying, from lowest levels
of the previous week, while lires ap
proached their greatest depreciation.
Activity of the local money pool
served as a check against undue ad
vnnces in call loans during the pay
ment of the IS per cent installment
on the second Liberty loan. The wide
gap in the market quotations for the
S'i's and 4"s, so decidedly favoring
the former, seemed inexplicable on its
face, but was generally attributed to
the exemption clause attaching to the
first Issue. -
NEW YORK FINANCIAL
XEW YORK. Nov. iT.The week
end session of the stock market was
devoid of interest, dealings dwindling
to the insignificant total of 160.no0
shares, almost the. smallest for more
than a year .
Price movements were narrow, rails
again evincing heaviness, while indus
trials, notably eauipments, were firm
to strong with shippings and motors.
Canadian Pacific made a fractional
decline to the new low of 130, but
more than retrieved its loss. Dela
ware & Hudson dropped 2 to the
absolute minimum of 91. and People's
Cas was heaviest of the utilities, ap
proximating lis lowest decline to
27S. I
Marine preferred, Atlantic & Gulf
and American International rose 1 to
2 points. P8ldwin and American. Ix
comotives IVi to 3. and General Flec
tric and the active motors 1 to 2
points. ,
Coppers and steel were little altered
at the outset, but became firmer just CLEARINJ& HOUSE
tand arisTng from the second NEW YORK. Nov. JjJ
Libertv loan installment accounted for 'condition of clearing house banks and
the more important changes in the trust cotnpan.es for the week, shows
bank statement, actual loans expand- that they hold $109,260,310 reserve ,
ing by almost $223.0OO.ono. with nomi- cw. f reAq,u"ements: s
Jl loss of reserves. of 3!!
Interest in bonds centered around rVvr-rnai uibkct
the Liberty issues, the 4's declining YORK o 17 The cotton
to a new low at 98.10. while the 3V' NF) L- . net
strengthened on the rally from 99 t0;rk today closed firm at a net
99.58. . Sales of bonds, par value, ag ot 2a to. 41 point8-
greaated $2,055,000. j urTiTTuRK ct
Vs-ited States bonds old Issues.! r silver,
were unchanged on call. :-,,
. GRAIN MARKETS I NEW YORK
CHICAGO, Xov. 17. Chances of en-'cios'ng Quotations November 17, 1917
larged reecipts next week eased the; (By U I. Overlook)
corn market today after a slight ad- Anaconda 55
vance. The close was steady. Janu-: American Car 63V4
ary $1.17Mi to SM7U and May $1.15.: American Can 3314
with the market as a whole half off American Locomotive 52
to a quarter advance, compared with American Smelter 72V6
yesterday's finish. The outcome in American 92
oats ranged from c decline to Atchison 84U
to V4c gain. Provisions lost 7 to 20c. j tir.ldwin 56
At first an absence of any pro-, Beth B 7&i
nounced selling pressure gave an up-'c. and O 47
ward slant to the corn market. TJn- c. and F 32
seasonable warm weather and predie- Canadian Pacific 131'
tions of showers tended to handicap' Central leather 61
the bears, as such condition formed! Crucible . : 53
an evident hindrance to improving the . Distillers 3214
quality of the new crop. Talk of ver-(prie ; 14
sistent war scarcity operated as a fac-' Goodrich 3S
tor in hardening values. Toward the General Motors S7
end of the session more cheerful opin- industrial Alcohol 101
ions seemed to take a ground on Marine 25
traders. Gossip was current that fre-j Marine Pfd 92
ceiving bouses had noted an increase: jjid vale 43
of advance consignments. Mexican Petroleum ... 74
Oats trading appeared to be almost : Maxwell ..: 234
entirely local. The bulk of transac-! XeW Y'ork Central .: 68
tions consisted of changing holdings Northern Pacific 84
from December to May. ! Reading . 67
Provisions lacked support. 'Rubber- 4914
j Rep Steel 70
ENCOURAGEMENT IN j Studebaker 39
, A DULL MARKET! Steel 91
Jv'EW YORK. Xov. 17. Indications i Steel Pfd 107
that the protracted period of appro-! St. Paul 37
hension has run its course offered ' Southern Pacific 81
ground for much encouragement in ' Sinclair Oil 29Vi
this week's dull and hesitant stock Texas Qil 137
market. ; Union Pacific 112
Trading was often so narrow as to U. S. M , 42
become negligible, but this condition Westinghouse 37
as obviously the direct result of the '
additional barriers expected by the ex- j BOSTON
change against reckless or vicious j Adventure 1
speculation. - iAllouez 51
Home developments were no less Allouez Commercial 8
important as market factors than the J Alaska 2
swiftly moving current of even's i C. and A 64
across the water. The status of thejC. and H 440
transportation companies came in for, Chief Range 47
greater consideration by reason of la-Chinp 38
Hancock 8
j Indiana l'i
I Inspiration 40
jKennccott 30"
Keweenaw 1
Lake.. 6
La Sclle 3-1;
Miami 27
I Mohawk 60
I Mayflower 2
(North Butte 12
!nip
!oid Dominion
PROGRESS" IS WORD AT GREAT LAKES TRAIXTXG STATION"
I
" trxr
1 ' -U
Osceola
Pond Creek . . . .
Qi'.incy
Ray Con
Shattuck ... ...
(Shannon
j Superior Boston
'St. Mary's
I'tah Copper
Utah Con
Winona
7
36
59
17
64
21
19
5
2
no
74
n v;
l
CURBS
Arkansas and Arizona 5
Austin
Arizona Silver King
Butte and London 11
Big Ledge 1
Calumet and Jerome 1
Cornelia v 14
Con. Arizona 1
Con. Copper Mines 7
Curtiss 24
Denn '. 18
Dundee
Emma
Federal Oil 2
Gadsden 1
Green Monster
Creen Island 16
Hull 28
Howe Sound 3
Hecla
Inspiration Needles
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Jerome Portland
Magma Copper 33
Magma Chief
Miami Con 4
Magma Chief :
Pitts Jerome
Ray Here 3
Santa Rita
Tom Reed 48
United Eastern .: 3
Verde Extension 32
Verde Com
West End 65
Wolverine Arizona .- 1
White Caps
WrigTit Martin '. 7
si - it: I ! i m
t 4 f
V." .-.. 1 .... . ...
Bisbeethe Rich
Copper District
(Continued From Page Five.)
Mi'
mm
5f jM s
6 V i o
r. I.
'V KX?f.
r
mi
Practice at the rifle range (above),
visiting French army officers with
American officers and wives (be- i
low, left), and teaching the land
lubber rookie how to hold his
course at sea through the use of a
"deck" so arranged as- to give the
sensation of pitching and tossing!
on the waves.
Teaching the arts of the sea on dry ,
land appears to be a difficult under-1
taking, but it is proceeding rapidly
and with excellent results at the .
Great Lakes naval training crr.p in '
Illinois. More than 1,000 blue
jackets and commissioned officers are
becoming expert marksmen as a re- I
suit of th formation ot the navyj
rifle club,a recent addition to the with a regulation steering wheel, is and tossing of rough wave. The
training station, holding weekly; used to drill the boys in holding a I camp was recently visited by a group
drills and competitions at the rifle 'course on the se- :id it s so con-' of French army officers who reviewed
range. A large deck or platform, i strutted as to give them the pitching i the jackies at their training.
3-f j.'. jtWfcor -l--. w..Tr?T?. .vtixrw-'-'
a marked impression is being madej
on the decision body In Washington j
which will probably be followed byi
disclosures rendering material relief
to the carriers. Such development
would naturally have a stabilizing ef
fect on the Investment situation, and
as a natural consequence be reflected j
by Improvement in security values.
LOGAN & BRYAN.
IMPROVED PLAN
FOR TRAINING
IS MAPPED OUT
NEW YORK. Nov. 17. Scattered
liquidation was in evidence in a few
of the railroad issues, but aside from
the weakness in a few of these issues
the tone of the general market was
somewhat improved and prices in most
departments exhibited hardening ten
dencies. The Russian situation is still
en enigma, but as regards develop
ments on the Italian front more cheer
was naturally fostered over the re
ports, that the British have apparently
rendered aid that has checked the
Austro-German Invasion. Mucn inter
est, of course, centers in the Inter
state commerce commission hearings
at Washnigton, and along with the ex
pected increase in freight rates there
is also the opinion that the govern
ment may take np the proposition of
government credits to railroads. The
late announcement credited to Judge
Chambers, chairman of the mediation
and conciliation board, that all wage
differences whlci have arisen between
the railroads of the country and their
men will be settled by arbitration im
parted a better feeling.
Testimony rendered by two leading
bankers before the Interstate com
merce commission yesterday and the
drift of sentiment seems to suggest
-jaw. '."..
Contestants in Review Carriers' Circulation Contest Are This Week Making
the Biggest Drive in the Course of the Event for New Subscribers. They Are
Authorized to Take Orders to Have the Paper Delivered to Your Home for
foif
AND THEY ARE WORKING FOR SIX MAIN PRIZES
$5p-r-$50 $ 1 0 $ 1 0 $7.50 $7.50
and smaller one3. Do not disappoint them Do not discourage them Do not
refuse to lend them your aid But
obscribe Today
Orders will be taken over the phone (39) You can come into the office and
subscribe Let us know your address and we will send your favorite contestant
They are as follows:
i
SCHOOL HILL -.HUBERT DETLOFF
WARREN FRANK LINDSEV
BAKERVILLE MAURICE RUGRAFF
TOMBSTONE CANYON ABE MILBURN
SOUTH BISBEE. RICHARD SHARPE
LAUNDRY HILL EARL HICKS
DON LUIS KENNETH MORT
LOWER SCHOOL HILL HERBERT PERRY
BREWERY GULCH GORDON WALLACE
NACO ROAD & JOHNSON ADD ... BUD HASCAL
JOHNSON ADD. & CITY OF LOWELI
EUGENE GALLAGHER
O. K. ST. & CHIHUAHUA HILI
RICHARD OJEDA
QUALITY HILL MAURICE KELLY
UPPER LOWELL & JIGGERVILLE
WALTER STEELE
BUSINESS DISTRICT WM. BROOKINGS
Arizona Song
Making a Hit
One of the most attractive Arizona'
state songs yet produced is that just,
published by Mrs.. H. F.' Homer, who
is the composer of both the words and j
music of "Arizona, My Land," which i
is Che title of the. song. The number!
Is now on sale at all music stores!
and the words are as follows:
Arizona though so youthful.
Yet few lands with you compare;
Your desert fast is springing
Into fields and gardens fair,
Bringing forth a bount'ous harvest
Many products choice and rare.
Grown from your fertile soil.
Mines of silver, gold and copper.
Which are "mong the world's foremost.
Flocks of sheep and herds of cattle,
Fine as any land can boast.
With these and other riches.
Greatly blest you give the most
For the least amount of toil.
Refrain: . j
O my Arizona Land.
Where's there a . day that's dreary; j
Weather always bright and cheery;
L'nsurpassed your balmy clime; j
O my Arizona Land,
Air so pure on our reposes. J
Fraught with scents of pines and
roses
In perpetual summertime.
You have scenes of rarest beauty, '
Where the giant cactus reigns j
While 'mong your extensive forests j
One of yore as stone remains.
Luring are your wondrous canyons, !
Mountains cool, and sunny plalns.j
Beneath azure skies so clear, i
You are always bathed in bright-)
siess, j
Giving landscapes brilliant hues, j
And the colors of such splendor, j
Blended in your sunset views; '
So very rlear your stars shine, j
So much mellow light diffuse ;
That heaven seems more near.
r
(By Review Leased Wire.)
CAMP FUNSTON, Kas.. Nov. 17.'
Pecause of the unusual intelligence of
the men comprising the 89th national;
army division at Camp Funston, the;
commanding staff was required to map
out some plan of training which ap
pealed to the men more than drilling
with wooden guns. Lack of equipment
made It necessary to put aside the 16 :
weeks' schedule of training which hadj
been mapped out by the war depart-1
ment. It was explained by Lieut. Col.j
Charles E. Kilbourne. chief of staff.
and to draw up an entirely new sched-j
ule.
"At first we had the men make:
wooden guns and these were used for
instruction in the manual of arms."
said Colonel Kilbourne. "The men,
however, were not satisfied withj
wooden guns. So Vhe staff was faced
with the problem of mapping out a
course of training which would appeal
to the men until equipment, arrived.
! "Since the first men came to the
crntonment several weeks ago the
training has consisted in instruction
In ttie manual of arms and squad train
ing under open warfare conditions, but
not under trench warfare. General
Pershing has laid stress on open war
fare training. Now the men are con-
musketry will be worked out. There
also will be a machine-gun school.
At night a school Is held for off!
cers and non-commissioned officers of
the various units of the division. In
addition, selected privates attend
these night schools.
Work is to begin at once. Colonel
Kilbourne said, on the construction of
a complete system of modern trenches.
These will be bomb-proof, connecting
trenches and a network of communi
cating trenches. The survey for the
trench area, which, is to cover 800
PQuare vards, already has been made
by the engineers, four miles north
west of Caiup Funston. Several small
trench sections already are in use as
obstacle courses.
Rifle practice on the range will be
gin as soon as enough rifles arrive
Five thousand five hundred old type
rifles have been received, and these
have been used in instructing the men
in r the manual of arms. Colonel Kil
bourne said it was expected that be
tween 6000 and 8000 of the new type
of rifles would arrive soon. -
HUN PROPAGANDA IS
RESPONSIBLE IN THE
ARGENTINE FOR PEACE
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina, Nov. 17.
(By Associated Press Correspondence)
The propaganda in favor of neutral
ity which Jia3 been conducted with
the approval of the national govern
ment during the last week and the ab
solute silence during the last few days
of those factions which have been so
versant with the difficulties and thij stronRiy i favor of a break with Ger
necessities for technique of training. many appear to portend a radical re-
Two weeks ago each brigade comman-, adjustment in the internal politics of
der was told that he would be ex- tj,e Argentine republic.
pected to work out a tactical problem! TIie present attitude of the govern-
for his brigade involving an assumea
situation as if in actual war opera
tions. This step was taken not be
cause the men are far enough ad
vanced In their training to accomplish
the maneuvers with precision and ex
actness, but In order to bring to in
telligent men an idea of the problems
ment has caused perplexity in view ot
President Irigoyen's statement las:
week that he would break off rela
tions with Germany if the two houses
of congress voted in favor of such
action. Both the senate and the cham
ber of deputies voted in favor of such
a break with Germany, but. instead
MODESTY DOMINATES
INTRENCH GENERAL
and enormous amount of work before0f the promised, diplomatic action, the
them." (government appears to have decided
Colonel Kllbourpe then told of a to remain neutral. In fact, the friends
"tactical problem" which had beenjof the Dresident have stated positively
(carritd out the day before. Four thou- that the president will not break off
I sand national army troops were en- relations as a result of the Luxburg
! gaged Jn the movement, which con- incident because the government ccn
;sisted in taking an enemy position, siders this incident satisfactorily
He enthusiastically praised the work closed.
of the men. declaring that they carried! "Within two ddys of the vote of the
lout the movement so quietly and in chamber of deputies, there were evl-
such perfect order that not until he
nad'eome directly upon the men-did
AND ANY BOY CAN TAKE SUBSCRIPTIONS ANYWHERE AND CON
TEST ENDS 9 O'CLOCK WEDNESDAY NIGHT.
I
J
PARIS. Modesty is one of the char
acteristics of General Petain, com
mander In chief of the French armies
operating in France. It is reported
that, after one of his brilliant mili
tary successes on the western front,
which led to his appointment to su
preme active command, he w-as asked
by a military writer to furnish him
with a few autobiographic notes. The
general courteously replied with this
laconic message: i
"Potain, general of division. Born
April 24, 1856. Died "
dences of a great revival of the neu
trality propaganda which had been
he know of their location. He praised; absolutely crushed after Washington's
the manner in which they advanced j revelations of Luxbur's conduct while
upon the position. A number of thesej acting as German minister here. This
tactical problems are to be carried ; propaganda appears to be fostered by
out during the coming weeks, somej close friends of the president. A great
of them involving many thousands of; deal of surprise has been caused by
men and all branches of the service.
Colonel Kilbourne outlined the
plans for November training. The
mornings are to be devoted to prob
lems in minor tactics, to patrol work
hy squads, platoons and companies;
to combat problems with units opposed
the placing of the national cent of
arms over the entrance to the down
town office of the neutrality organiza
tion, thus giving the office the appear
ance of a government bureau.
There are now many evidences of a
radical alignment of political parties
Genius begins great works, labor
alone finishes them. Joubeit.
and to a study of terrain, with a view (Into two groups, one pro-government
to selection of position. The after-! und the anti-government, regardless of
rons will be taken up by school work 1 other political sympathies.
in modern warfare. A school of arms:
will bo held and the men will be The spies might well be given free
given instruction in handling the use of our telegraph system to tell-j
bayonet, in bomb tnrowmg ana in poi- me Kaiser an aooui tne results 01
sonous gases. Special problems in the Liberty bond campaign.
tl:l haln on rh ld ire hlll. and onf
tlifw lull lav len freled tlie horrwii
i.r IMe ininer tint w lker in tde dis-j
trie!. But th hill l- lss twp and)
'rickv. !- rurmldabli'l aiul linrasiible.;
'ami Hi iHmiM trti msii ti reach. !
V wrrn a shin place. i
, Krom I owell to Warrn is aimlher short,
' (trrlrh of a few nnl over a well paveil.
liifftiwav. Warren is tne anc.w a-rounu.
or the "Wirren district, the hna of Hi
alimiet k Arlxona general ofrioes. tha
inspiration of Captain Jai-k flreenway,
now a major In me I' lilted Stales army,
!t)ut formerly general manager of ttie coro-
'l.auv. ami lu assistants, and the real
residence and h-niie suburb of Blsbee and
ll.onell. II is laid out ill regular blocks.
with wide sireets riinnlnr east and west.
t:ortli and south. Its streets are named,
and alllmuirh some or them have steep
grades, thev are straight and regular.
in the hrart of ttie city Is the reneral
nfrire buiUllnr or the Calumet Arizona
.1 ii.ier Minihir company, a larre stone
struriure. Meirbv Is a similar biilklinr
erected bv the companv In which are
'housed the stores of the city, offices of
'a few professional men, and tne post
loffli-e. Hack of this bulldlnir and ex
:tenrtinr to the south Is the eitv park, a
9.reeu, irras!.y square, scene or pleasant
eveiiinirs throughout the spring, tumincr
.and fall month-.
The Ball Park.
Because Warren Is the only level spot
"Within ten miles of BIsbee and Lowell
lit has been selected u the sit for the
ibasebal! and football arruunds. m the
;siith of the city a permanent diamond
for summer and gridiron for winter has
been laid out equipped with trrandstands
faml bleachers and completely fenced.
iTeams from tne Vnited States array, from
tfce Warren district mines ami from the
'si,,eiier t fionrlx rofnoete In some form
lor sport on this arena nearly every Sun-I
;day ot the year and frequently during lue;
'Week. I
ivithin th nat few months the ball'
(park has become famous for one ctherj
epiooe. v lien more uwi tiMiupauu;
strikers and their sympathliers were sent.
out or the Warren district iney were;
concentrated before departure, at thej
nark, and were placed on the fun at.
the park.
Uoir I. inks ana t.euairy hub.
Further south from the baseball park;
:ls the Warren District country club, Inej
irhier center of social activity of the dis-.
rtrirt. The bmldlnr is one of the nmt
jhandsnme rluhnuunes of the state, fully,
leiiuipped for all character of entertalnlnr.j
Hie grounds artord a full goir course. I
ami ' the players from tine club have;
!taken more than one cup In their rim-;
.tests with i l:e clubs from Douglas, Tucson
and Phoenix.
tiany New Bies.
The a-tisi .n.l the writer counted four-i
teen houses In the course of construction'
while riding through toe illy. Because
tl'ev din not leave the mam streets it is:
probable that several others mere over-'
li oked. More than thirty homes, which.
hr.ve been occupied inside the past few
nionths, were seen In the same casual'
'survey. The new ones were easily;
picked out. In the yards were the be-'
Winnings of lawns and struggling, small1
itrees. while, the new had not yet Woral
Trorn the finish op the buildings. I
A characteristic type of construction;
thas been adopted In the little resldencei
district. Out of the five or six hundredi
homes In the city, at the least, eighty'
ner cent are of the bungalow type. Most!
or tnem are on me mission .ie. ie
:are beautifully finished, permanent and
cosiiy.
' On the peak or the bin In the nortkv
iem end of the city is reared the beauti
ful home of one of the officers of the
il helps-uodge company, now serving uie
P.ed Cross in France, Waller Douglas.
Nearby are several more pretentious
residences, all the home of ufriciais m
lone or another of toe mines. Eecb. ts
'surrounded with greea lawns, tree and
nines, and. reared on the highest hill
iin tlie city, tliey offer one of tne mosM
nulling sights or lb enur aiatrick,
1 far to the west and north or the bnsl
ness center of Warren on another high
i -hill is now being reared one or lb most
I 'beautiful and permanent buildings, of the
' disirict the Calumet k. Aruooa general
' t....nit.i Th. r'.,iiiatina tnri a liart Of
tinji'itoju "v '"u"u" ' -
lb walls hava been completed.
I Returning from Warren on th electric
iline the only manganese properties n
tha entire ilistrirt are passed. These are
keen at the ton of a bare hill, near War-J
Iren. where gangs ot men are engaged ln
pot hole" mining tor uns i'ra.nu
ImetaL Stations along the electric line
mark the working mafia of the various
properties and one or iwo smaller and
iless important suburbs,
t Conductor a Ceaflrae Celleeter.
I The only soldiers In the district are
'stationed In camp hair-way between
jl.owell and Warren. Thia ts On eom
Irany or lnrantry. housed la barracks
lerected several inontha ago by member
'at the Arizona national guard.
The conductor collected Tares at War
ren. Again at Lowell he look up Dickies,
kin the return trip he eiemsed Hie same
privileges. The artist had th bank roll
land did the digging
I "Preliv soft.' lie said, arter ne nai
dug ror'the rourth time. "This guy Just
collects whenever lie takes a notion."
inning the Maa lining.
The old slag dump of the i:iiper Queen
smelter on the outskirts or Bisbe ls
.placed lit rl,in "rw " ",e return trlp
front Lowell. Tiie smelter hi been mov
rd for s-vo.al years, since the fouuda
lioa or li e new plant m Douglas W year
iigu. illicit of the slaj Iroin me old duun
! been tinned and shipped to Douglas
lor UK eliction of copper passed up
by tlii; mile processes of early days,
l iil a pari of the dump stands Intact,
seamed here and- lucre with great cracks,
and on the top of tins great black mas
is located one or the largest feed, lively.
oal and wood jards In Ihe entir War
ren disti li t. ,
financially ne Warren district Is on
or the soundest In the entire southwest.
When Cochise cotinly was called on for
his subscription to the second liberty loan
;and the allotment was announced the
Warren district alone subscribed for mora
.tl an enough bond to cover tne nunumim
Miiotmcnt lor the cuuly. With tne atd or
the remainder of th county the district
Iraised this county quota or In second
tsu bonds to mora man three millions
lof dollars, wt aud oue-ball Ume lue
alloumni.
I The district U taking lb same Interest
in lh war as Is ahown tn all part of
line aouthwest. Hotel and restaurants
hav proclaimed their mealies day. and
tiercised a strict censorship ot what din
r shall eat. Club and organuation
for the benefit ot th Hed Cross, the
fatherless children of France, tlie Bel
Grian orphan and aimllar purposes are
Cctivelv engaged In their work. The t.
Hi. C A. and lb 1. W. C. A. ar taking
an active interest Ui all patriotic move
ments. From the lop r the highest hilt
iu the district, -whera everyone can see
II throughout th day, greal Americau
Jlatr I flvlng and Irotn buildings, resi
dences, stores and lb head-frames over
sliarts th stars and irues are flung.
: Krom the day or this discovery the v
rvn district has struggled al various times
under dimcultie. Urst II wa practical
Iv overlooked by Hie pioneer miners he
'cius copper wet less sought man sil
ver Later It was viewed s a pomi-Hii
prospect and was work-d by various part
les iu partial development, tot-asionatly.
as In other mining districts. II has been
beset with labor Iroiihj and strikes.
11 has striven ahead against all odds
which hav been placed against It.
It has grown from tha mere prospect
tn one or Ihe greatest copper districts of
the entire southwest.
II has become a district vt many clues
and inanv activities.
It Is virile with progrcjsivenes. Inspir
ed wilh possiinht e or the lui'tre and
endowed .in fat'h In ti e .trvcl.-ipmcnl
of Ihe !:st.
spine-, l oipcr. has woven nla web
Intrii ati'ly irid ruefully and drai '
tie di-tnct nieii and women of high
tvp? and iif p'rss've ..rtrd.
And the goals hae been exterminated
Iu the Mule mountains. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 13, 1917.
SEVEN
i
Jf
t
i
I
X
ANOTHER SUCCESS
:FOR GEORGE COHAN
"Here goes, with the best there Is In
me," said George M. Cohan as he be
gan his initial activities before the
motion picture camera for Artcraft
Pictures some months ago. It was a
typical George M. Cohan expression
and displayed the sincere energy with
which he took up the new field of the
silent drama. His first photoplay,
"Broadway Jones." showing at the Ea
gle theatre today and tonight, an
adaptation of his greatest stage hit.
is about to be released by Artcraft,
and, judging from early reports, will
result in a duplication of his stage
success among screen patrons.
"THE FLAME OF THE YUKON"
TO STAR DOROTHY DALTON
Dorothy Dalton'a new starring ve
hicle, 'The Flame of the Yukon," a
Triangle play by Mont M. Katterjohn,
produced -under the supervision of
Thomas H. Inee, will be shown at the
Central theatre today.
It is during the period of 98, when
the gold-mad crowds pack the little
tow of Hope City, Alaska. Dorothy
Dalton - appears as the "Flame," a
harpy of the dance hall. Many thrill
ing: episodes are -enacted In the hall,
wbfcre gamblers, miners and all types
of men meet to try their luck with
the roulette wheel.
An exact reproduction of the streets
of Nome in the days of the gold rush
Is seen. Here a realistic fight takes
place between Kenneth Harlan, as
The Stranger, and Melbourne McDow
ell, as Black Jack Hovey. A company
of nearly 300 people, including thirty
Eskimos and their dog teams, enact
their parts in this scene.
Villa Is Again
In the Saddle
(Continued From Pane One)
O. HENRY FEATURE
ROYAL THEATRE TODAY
"The Indian Summer of Dry Valley
Johnson." another of the famous O.
Henry stories, heads the bill today at
the Royal j
O. Henry j William Sidney Porter)
has been for many years the delight
of America's short story lovers, and
the picturized versions of these fa
mous tales are equally .as Interesting
as the stories in book form. Human,
over the heads of no one, filled with
heart Interest and sentiment, a genial
Intensity of style, refreshing always.
were all his works.
In "The Indian Summer 'of Dry
Valley Johnson" every one of the be
loved characters . are brought to life
In a form 'that approaches the abso
lute climax of motion picture art.
Helen Gibson, ."The Daughter of
Daring," in "The Lone Point Feud,"
a story of the rails, and a delightful
Ham anV.Bud comedy complete the
bill. ..."
waiting for the acceptance of my
challenge, because he will be con
vinced that the outcome of this
meeting will be on the side of right
and justice, which are my guides. He
has said many times that I am fighting
for fortune only, but I wish to make
it public on this occasion that I have
never fought for fortune's sake, and
it is absurd and ridiculous to accuse
me of it
"I repeat that my strongest desires
are and will be to make happy and
to unite the people of my country"
Look for Fight
Between Villa
And Murguia
PESIDIO, Tex., Nov. 17. Francisco
Villa end his personal command are
spending tonight under the stars in
the hills 4o the south of Juarez, while
Ojinaga is guarded by the troops of
Porfirio Ornelas and Edelfonso San
chez. No attempt to cross the border was
made today and none has occurred
since Villa took Ojinaga. No fight
ing In the field has been reported.
Mexican government officials here to
night were predicting an early engage
ment between government and Villa
troops in (he field ' southwest ot
automobile caravan
without accident.
and was made
VILLA TRYING TO SELL SILVER
PESIDIO, Nov. 17. A Mexican ref
ugee named Sanches, crossed from
Ojinaga tonight and said that lie had
seen seven mules there with packs
on their backs. These packs were
believed to have contained part of
the silver shipment, estimated to be
worth $500,000, which Villa is believ
ed to have with him and which he U
trying to get across the American
border to exchange for money, sup
plies and ammunition.
Another Villa soldier died at the
Villa emergency hospital here tonight.
He had been shot in the neck.
NO ORDERS
CONCERNING REFUGEES
EL PASO, Nov. 17. At district
headquarters here it was said no or
ders had been received concerning the
disposition of the 400 Mexican federal
soldiers and camp followers who fled
from Ojinaga, Mexico, Wednesday
night following the attack on the town
by Francisco Villa. At the request of
Colonel Langhorne, in command at
Marfa, another company of infantry
was sent there today.
RECEIVES LETTER FROM
BROTHER IN FRANCE
WITH U. S. ARMY
Italians Stand
Like Granite
. (Continued From Page One)
been the scene of bitter fighting re
gently.
The attack was delivered on a very
narrow front for the purpose of im
proving the British positions so as to
rnnlrA the nrpsent Hn nrnrsa Parr.
Ojinaga, as they appeared to have , chendaele ridge more easily held.
Vocation farm, which was heavily
equipped with machine guns, had been
riving the British much trouble in the
pest few days.
A number of prisoners were cap-
WONDERFUL ANN PENNING
TON IN THE MOVIES
Mexico with all the. background of
cactus, poncho-ed peons, sleepy ped
dlers and all its quaint scenic acces
sories is the background for the first
part of Ann Pennington's latest Fa
mous Players-Paramount picture which
is showing at the Orpheum theatre.!
today. Later the scenes shift to a
prim New England town by way of
contrast, but little Miss Pennington
is equally attractive in either environ
ment and has imparted to the picture
a charm quite out of proportion to
the length of the production, so that
as the last scenes flash across the
screen one feels like seeing it all over
or, better still, continuing the story.
This Is a picture of great current in
terest that you can't afford to miss.
information regarding the mysterious
movements of General Francisco Mur
guia, who left Chihuahua City two
weeks ago and has not been located.
This is causing the Villa command
ers much uneasiness and they are
eager to obtain any information pos
sible about the federal commander's
movements. They admitted that Mur
gula's troops would fight bravely, es
pecially the "death head" troops.
General Jose Murguia, commander
at Juarez, was notified today tha the
present Villa movement had Juarez
or Chihuahua City for its object, i
REFUGEES ENTER TEXAS
WITH THE MEXICAN FEDERAL
REFUGEE CARAVAN, EN ROUTE
TO MARFA, Tex, Nov. 17. Like a
camel caravan crossing the desert, the
column of Mexican soldiers, their
wives and camp followers lumbered
along the dusty road t the Big Bend merous casualties to the defenders
tured in the operation.
Hunnish Hate
Turned to the
U. S. Soldiers
(By Review Leased Wire.)
LONDON. Nov. 17. Further details
of the Germans' special effort to trap
American soldiers in the front line
trenches on the American front No
vember 3, on tha occasion of the In
vaders' first raid on the American
'renches and which resulted in nu-
Bisbee Leads
Arizona in Y.
M. C. A. Fuhd
The boys of Bisbee have completed
their campaign for the Y. M. C. A.i
war fund, to be used for. the enlisted
mn or for the prisoners.. The total
amount subscribed was $686. Accord
ing to the latest report no other town
In Arizona or New Mexico has done
better in - the boys' campaign. The
following telegram was received from
El Paso, southwestern headquarters
for the boys war work campaign:
Arizona. $2,150; New Mexico. $1,000;
El Paso," $1,160; Prescott. $105; Mi
ami, $130; Clifton, $50; Tucson, $680;
Albuquerque, $560; Tucumcari, $120;
Hope, $100. Bisbee leads Arizona.'
Congratulations.
district tonight on its plodding way
from Presidio to Marfa, Tex., where
the vanquished federal defenders ot
Ojinaga, Mex., will be interned pend
ing their release by the war depart
ment. ' " ,
This was the second trek of a de
feated Mexican federal army from
Ojinaga to Marfa, the other being in
January, 1913," when Villa first took
Ojinaga.
All day the soldiers had been pack
ing their scant belongings which they
salvaged when the town capitulated
to Villa Wednesday night.' Women
gathered their pots and pans and bun
dles together, preparatory to break
ing tamp, and an extra ration of bread,
and meat was issued to all. At 3
o'clock this afternoon General Juan
Espinosa y Cordova thanked Colonel
George T. Langhorne, U. S. A., for
the consideration shown his men by
the American army, and said "Adios"
to his friends here and gave the or
der to march. -
Flanked by American ' cavalrymen,
with high hatted Mexican cavalrymen
pointing the trail, the caravan, con
sisting of fifteen big motor trucks
and three automobiles moved away
from the border in a cloud of dust.
The column swung across Federal
Flat and on to the Sierras above the
valley on the way to Marfa, sixty
eight miles distant. An American
trooper carried a little boy In front
of him on his saddle. A Mexican
camp follower rode beside a blonde
boy from Boston who drove a "gis
hog," or three ton truck. Federal
colonels rode outpost on their com
mands as if in the field in Mexico,
and deserted dogs, which had faith-1
tinve been brought to London by the
party of American congressmen, now
risiting France and England. Con
gressman Taylor of Colorado, said:
"Our men were detailed to a posi
tion on the front line for observation
at 3 o'clock in the morning. There
had teen a lull during the night, but
Igns of activity of the enemy during
'.he early hours of the morning had
"een followed by this .stationing of
our men in advantageous positions for
jbservation. '
"The German attack followed the
enemy's sweeping of the position, as
usual with illuminating rockets, by
-neans of which it is presumed the
.Germans located the American force.
Their artillery fire appeared to be
concentrated on that point and they
accomplished their hurriedly conceiv
ed object in smashing our little squad
if observers who were out there to
lain experience.
DETLOFF STILL LEADS IN
CARRIERS' CONTEST
The third count from the finish sees
Hubert Detloff in the lead still in The
Tteview Carriers' "Circulation Contest,
with Frank Lindsey and Maurice Rug
aff nearly tied for second.
There remains little to be said
"3very one knows that the boys whose
lames are given below are trying and
have been trying hard for six weeks,
o get the best ones possible of the
;ash prizes being offered $50.00
t9n Art tinnn tin no 7 r.n t7 r.n n.i
fully followed their masters through smal E' one' VnQ tne
CHICAGO, Nov. 17. Total Y. M. C.
A. subscriptions from the fifteen
states In the central department to
night were $14,184,683. a gain of $1.
883,701 in twenty-four hours. Illinois,
with $3,700,168. was in the lead, with
Ohio at $3,275,490, a closesecond.
DENIES REPORT
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NELSON, B. C Nov. 16. The
chairman of the exemption tribunal
at Trail denied today that 1.500 smel
ter workers there bad struck, as re
ported from Victoria yesterday, as a
protest against the military service
act. He said that 450 men. working
nine hours a day, were striking foi
the eight-hour day and that other
smelter employes were not la sympa
thy with the Strike.
REVIEW WANT .D6 FO?C RESULTS
the battle, trailed behind the trucks.
Four hundred eighty-five men, thirty-five
women and ten children made
up the column. One hundred ninety-
three horses were ridden by the Mexi
can cavalrymen, all other persons
among the refugees being carried on
motors.
The march continued steadily into
the night, short stops being made at
Sliafter, twpnty-two miles from Pre
sidio, and at Popalopes, to get water
for the refugees, the horses and the
trucks. Captain I. N. Carswell was
ti command of the caravan. The
Mexhan federal general and his staff
rode in a big touring car, driven by
David Fassett of Lansing, Mich.
I
REFUGEES IN A DUST STORM
MARFA, Tex., Nov. 17. In the
teeth of a duHt storm which made the
trip disagreeable, the Mexican army
refugee automobile caravan ploddci
into Marfa tonight with muffler cut
outs roaring and the thinly clad Mexi
cans, women and children, shivering
under the canvas tarpaulins. The
mounted caravan, consisting of the
Mexican federal cavalrymen who are
to be interned here. Is expected to
arrive Monday. The journey from
Presidio required seven hours fur the
contest ends next Wednesday! night at
o'clock.
What The Review DOESN'T know,
and hat we are Inclined to think no
one else knows, is just how much
these contestants have for the "trump
card" whether they arc trying' for
first or sixth. It should be repeated
NO ONE Is sure of his place, and
will not be until the final count. Of
course, there is a possibility that wr
may be wrong, but we are decidedly
under the impression that there will
be Mine big changes shown in the
counts published Tuesday and Wed
nesday. I
Standings to Date
Hubert Detlorf 146 50'i
Maurice Rugraff 70.750
Frank Lindsey 75,0n
Richard Sharpe 49,000
Kenneth Mort . 43.623
Herbert Perry 28.500
Bud Hascal 27.000
Abe Milburn 26.U75
Earl Hicks ,.; 22.15
Gordon Wallace 20.00-1
Eugene Gallagher 18.15
Maurice Kelly 12.00
Richard Ojeda H.7.n
Walter Steele S.OiKi
Wm. Riley 8.750
Win. Brookinte 2.0'K.'
Robert Rae, of Douglas, Re
ceives Letter From His
Brother Who Is With U. S.
Army Surgeons
' F '
Robert Rae, of the auditing depart
ment of the Phelps Dodge Company at
Douglas has received the following let
ter from his brother, Di. John B. Rae,
who is a surgeon with the expedition
ary forces "Somewhere in France."
"After a somewhat eventful start, of
which you have doubtless heard, we
finally got away and landed .'Some
where in France', after quite an excit
ing finish. , ;
"Our unit was immediately sent to
the building (of course we cannot men
tion names), which we are to occupy
finally as a thousand-bed hospital. You
can guess the kind of work we have
been up against; building new build
ings, looking after plumbing, water
supply, drainage, and a hundred and
one other things that must be done
before the place will be fit l'or its ul
timate purpose.
"The situation is beautiful, and if
things shape out as we Intend, we pro
pose to have the bfst hospital in
France before we get through.
"Meantime, however, I am not there.
Two of us were, by the kindness of the
British government, permitted to make
a t weeks' visit to a British front.
A week ago today we got wi'.hin sound
of the guns, and landed at & Field
ambulance. - ,
"From this Field ambulance we
made a visit to the trertehesj and saw
the regimental aid stations right in
the lines. Most of the soldiers wore
kilts, or talked with a burr tha could
be cut with a knife, so that you can
guess there was a particularly strong
odor 'j! home In the air.
"The line we are In had formerly
been in the hands of the Boche. and
we had the pleasure of visiting and be
ing shown -through (by, an R. E. offic
er by the way) one ot ' their famous
dug-outs. V. was about 40 feet under
ground, and could accommodate 60
men and two 'officers. Coming out of
the trenches our Colonel Conductor
took us a short cut backwards, and we
had our real first experience of dodg
Ing shells on our way home.
"The following dy'we came to an
advanced dressing station, where we
earive the ca;es as they are carried
'out-of the lines, do what is to be done
for them and pass them back. Of
course we are right uuder fire, and
sleep in the cellar. It is by no means
luxurious, but we have nothing to com
plain of and we are quite happy.
"The weather, which has been extra
fine up to date, has broken badly and
Is now rainy, with very high wind. I
was up the line a bit in the rain, and
it is impossible to describe what a dif
ference it makes. However, the men
are cheery and comparatively dry in
heir dug-outs, and don't complain.
They all have the inalienable right t'J
grouch, and Individually are 'fed up'
with the war how, could they be oth
erwise. But collectively they plug
ilong as you and I would expect them
to do, and are cheery, and helpful to
each other whenever the opportunity
offers. It has been a great time of in
struction for us, and J .'only hope that
the untried American troops will give
is good account of themselves when
their chance comes.
"We passed over one of the great
battlefields on the way here, and it is
npossible to give you any idea of
what it lo'oks like. Villages are com
pletely wiped out. and fairly large
towns are so damaged by shell fire
that It is hard to hod a single house
that is not damaged. Even where the
shell of the house stands it is only a
shell, and the inside is completely gut
ted. Where the British are in posses
sion, even although still under fire, the
streets tre tidied up and policed in
great shape.
"We have seen lots of 'sausages', as j
the stationary observation ballc'jns are
called; heaps of planes from both sides
jf the line, and ate becoming able to
discriminate between shells, coming
and shells going, not forgetting the
Archies' which pop shrapncll at the
Boche planus.
"We are looking forward to a busy
night tonight, beginning, m'jst prob
ably, inlhe early hours of the morning.
as wo are quite aware that something
is brewing.
"Tomorrow we leave here and go to
a casualty clearing station. This is the
hospital, situated well behind the lines,
where the wounded are sent from the
immediate front and where the real op
erative work Is done. ' We shall stay
there until about Saturday, when we
must depart forour own station. We
will go through Paris on the way back,
as we did on the wiy up. and Iroin
there by rail south to our new 'home',
as we have already letrned to call our
permanent station. '
"We are studying French, and, al
though the lust two weeks are an al
sclu e blank' in thai line, wo expect
pretty soon to be able to parley vous,
at least a little.
"Everybody has been real good to us
at the British front, and our host here
Is a young Irishman, who is a very
nice boy indeed."
COULDN'T GET OUT
OF BED BY HERSELF
r
Mrs. Williams Was So Crip
pled Up With Rheumatism
She Could Hardly Move
"Tanlac helped me right up out of j
bed after everything else failed and i
if I hadn't taken it when I did I be-1
lieve I would be lying there yet," said '
Mrs. G. Williams, of 716 South May-
belle street. Tulsa. Okla.
"I was in a terrible rundown condi
tion for the last six months," she ex
plained, "and my sufferings from in
digestion and rheumatism were some
thing awful. I had to be particular
about what I ate for nearly everythins
disagreed with me and gas would form
fi'om sour undigested food and bloat
ed me so I was miserable for hours.
I got thin and weak and fell off to
less than a hundred pounds and rheu-1
matism gave me so much, pain !
I couldn't get out of my bed without
help and then I could hardly stand on
my feet My arms and lower limbs
hurt all the 'time and many a night
I couldn't get an hour's sleep. My
nerves were all unstrung and I was ;
so worn out I had to take to my bed j
and at times I was so weak I couldn't
move without somebody helping me,
"One of my neighbors told me about i
Tanlac and I decided to try It. I havej
now taken seven bottles and it sure
chased away that rheumatism in a
hurry. I have been feeling splendid i
for several weeks now and haven't
bad a pain to speak of. My appetite .
Is good and I can eat most anything 1 1
want without It hurting me. My nerves j
are in good shape,I sleep like a child
and get up in the morning feeling fine. !
I am. picking up now every day and ij
know from what it has done for mn
that Tanlas is the best medicine on j
earth." j
Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. M. j
Ball, In Douglas by Douglas Drug Co,
In Paradise by G. A. Walker, in Bowie j
by Bowie Drug Store, In San Simon by j
J. B. Cooke, in WIllcox by A. A. Nich-!
olson, in Lowell by Lowell Drag Co.,
and hi Benson by C. F. Moss Phar-I
macy. Adv. I
Trying to Get
Willardto Fight
(By Review Leased Wire.)
MINNEAPOLIS. Minn.. Nov. 17. ;
Joe Hinton and Eddie Reddy, St. Paul ,
fight promoters, announced here to-,
night that they would offer $45,000 for :
a fight between Fred Fulton and Jess 1
u iimtu uu me tuuuuiuu iuhi r uiiuu
wins over "Gunboat" Smith here next!
Tuesday night. !
T
R IN G
m in
We have established a branch office
for the Electric Dye Works and you can
leave your suit with us to be cleaned and
pressed.
i
Remember that we do high-class shoe
repairing and that we guarantee satisfac
tion. High-class equipment and work
men.
We Handle the
Famous
Neolin Soles
If it's shoes that need repairing or
clothes that need cleaning and pressing
GOODYEAR
SHOE SHOP
PHONE 818
ALLEN BLOCK
Roanoke, Va. Georgetown t'niversity.
20; Washington and Lee. 12.
19.
27.
-We want to stage the fight In St. ! ,
Paul on New Year's day if the offer
let o P.-ontoH " Qolt RorlHo In malrlnv Iha
announcement. Pittsburg-Unlverslty of Pittsburg. 27;
TnZlT pr0Ti Stillwater. Okla.-Henry Kendall. 2;
has offered $40,000 for the same fight. 0k,ah.Jma & M 41
! Bloomington, Ind. Indiana,
SOCIALISTS CONTROL. FINLAND r pauw 0.
( uy iteview ieasea ire.)
COPENHAGEN, Nov. 17. Advices
35: De-
Hoboken. Stevens. 0; New York Uni
versity, 6. .
La Fayette. Purdue, 28; Wabash. 0.
Syracuse Syracuse 17; Colgate. 7.
Atlanta. Georgia Tech. 98; Carlisle, 0.
Omaha. Creigh&n. 19; HaskelL 0.
West Point, N. Y. Army. 50; Lebanon
Valley. 0.
Providence. R. I. Brown. 19; Colby. 7.
Dallas, Tex. Southern Methodist Uni- Salt Lake University of Southern Cal-
versitv. 0: Bavlor Universitvi 0. ifornia. 51: Utah. 0.
received here from Finland say that i Manchester. N. H. Tufts, 27; Dart- Williamstown, Mass. Amherst. 0:
the entire country is in control ot j mouth, 0. Williams, 20.
the socialists, who are supported byXew York Columbia. 0; Wesleyan, 6. Logan, Utah. Utah Agricultural Col
armed workers and Russian Bolshe-j airmounL Washington and Jefferson lege, 23; University of Colorado. 0.
viki soldiers. Only the trains that! 0; University of West Virginia. 7. South Eend Notre Dame. 23; Mlchl-
carry provisions are permitted to op-, Boston Camp Devens. 0; Camp Dix. gan Aggies, 0.
srate. The revolutionists have in
stituted a strict conseorship over the
telegraph lines.
STATE OF SIEGE IN BRAZIL
(By Revievfr eLased Wire) )
RIO JANEIRO. Nov. 17. The gov-;
ernment has proclaimed a state ofi
siege in the federal district and in
the states of Rio Janeiro,' Saopaulo. !
Parana, Santa Catherina and Rio-
Grande Do Sole. 1
Football Results
Developed Primarily to Produce Op
erating Economies Heretofore
Considered Unobtainable
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
At Minneapolis, Minn. University of
Chiacgo, 0; Minnesota. 33. j
Chicago Northwestern, 25; Iowa, 14. j
Ithaca. N. Y. Fordham, 27; Cornell. 6.'
Cambridge Mass. Yale Freshmen, 14; i
Harvard Freshmen,- 0.
Colorado Springs, Colo. Colorado As-:
gies, 0; Colorado. College, 7.
Springfield, Mo. Drury. 26; Rollal
School of Mines, 0. .
Fort Smith. Ark. University of Ar- j
kansas, 0; University of Oklahoma 0
Delaware, O. Dennison, 14; Wesleyan i
0.-
Detroit. Mich. University Mf Detroit. I
35; Kalamazoo Normal, 6. '
Nashville, Tenn. Auburn, 31; Vander-i
bilt, 7. . !
Norfolk, Va. North Carolina A. &. E., !
7: Virginia Poly, 7. j
Kalamazoo, Mich. Alma College, 25; I
Kalamazoo College, 14. !
Newark, Del. Delaware, 0; Swarth-j
more, 27.
llaverford. Pa. Haver.'jrd, 0; Johns
Hopkins. 0. i
Seattle. Wash. University of Wasli-
iugton, 0: Oregon Aggies, 0. ,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 16; Mich
igan, 0.
Denver, Colo. Colorado School of
M'ne.H. 0: Denver University. 51.
Spokane, Wash. Washington State
College, 28; University of Montana 0
At Annapolis, Md. Navy. 80; Villa
Nova, 3.
At Columbus. O. Illinois, 0; Ohio
State. 13.
Class N-SO
Fuel Oil Engine Driven
Compressors
The range of fuel to which Class N-SO Com
pressors are adapted and on which they 'will
operate successfully, embrace practically all low
grade distillates.
Using lowest grade oils at a known cost per gallon, we
can guarantee any N-SO Compressor to compress air to
100 pounds pressure at a cost that will strike you as being
extremely low.
Ask for Bulletin 34 K.
Schweitzer Machine Company
135 So'. 6th Ave.
Tucson, Arizona
J . !
EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 18, 1917.
K5
Orplieiini Theatre
THE HOUSE OF COMFORT
LAST TIME TODAY
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
TODAY
Continuons 1 to U - TODAY
FAMOUS PLAYERS PRESENTS
rE-AGLE- THEATRE!
i
.
i i .
Geo
M,
IN
ohair
-1.3 "li
V;
.An Instantaneous Hit!:
Were you lucky enough to see this Idol of the American Stage yesterday? If not, attend today and see Uncle Sam's favorite comedian
in his initial photoplay, a picturization of his greatest stage "success. Betsy Ross designed the(' American Flag. George M. Cohan made
it famous. A notable Artcraf t contribution to the screen. 1 ,
COMING TOMORROW
Dorothy
DaEton,
0
mem d si n fj b im y h . anntsra 1
r o o u o I
uEcofi
which surpasses 'THE SPOILERS" in its own field and in point of quality equals "THE BIRTH OF A NATION'
.Owen Moore and Ann Pennington
TheLiftle BoyScout
. Ann Pennington, the diminutive star of
the Ziegfield Follies., appears in a romance
of the border and New England. Miss
Pennington will delight the audience with
her charm and acting.
Triangle Keystone Presents
MACK SWAIN in "LOST, A COOK"
A Laugh Producer up to the Famous
Keystone Standard ;
9
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
i
ADMISSION 15 AND 25 CENTS
"ADMISSION 1 5 AND 25 CENTS
i
CENTRAL THEATRE
TODAY Matinee Starting at 1 6' Clock. ' Continuous tall o'clock TODAY
THOS. H. INCE'S GREAT ALASKAN DRAMA, IN SEVEN WONDERFUL ACTS GREATER THAN "THE SPOILERS"
h
FIUAME
of
i a
I
Royal Theatre
' TODAY SPECIAL SUNDAY PROGRAM
i O. HENRY'S MASTERPIECE
The Indian Summer of Dry Valley Johnson
Featuring
CARLTON KING and JEAN PAIGE
HELEN GIBSON, A DAUGHTER OF DARING, IN
"THE LONE POINT FEUD"
i Sensational Story of the Rails
HAM AND BUD (Comedy) EFFICIENCY EXPERTS
CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE 12 TO 10, P. M.
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS ALWAYS 10 AND 1S CENTS
1
Business Locals
Better put that flue In before It gets
cold. Call Mainland & Williams,
phone 302. Shop rear Orpheum. All
kinds W sheet metal work. Adv-13S
Fruitman Fashionable Ladies Tailors
specializing In women's suits. Furs of
every description relined and remod
eled. Phone Black 798, opposite V. M.
C. A. Aiv-761
The
3N
It will pay you to nave us cneck the
electrical system on your car. Lob
aian Wilght. LowelL Adr.-S60
MADAM CAGNEY
Reads, your destiny. Call before
making changes or new investments.
In a tent across from Central Theatre.
AO.v-47
WITH
DOROTHY
" f ifiS"1
THE PIE SHOP.
(Opposite Masonic Temple.)
On Wednesdays (wheat less days)
try our corn bread and Fridays' (meat
less days) oyster patties. At any and
all times, see us for home made cooked
pastries. Adv-S3
R. R. WATCH INSPECTORS
Prompt repairing, careful workman,
ship, courteous treatment. Lowell
Jewelry SWp. Adv. 886
When, your tooth aches, tee a den
tist. When your battery is ailing, see
battery experts. Willard Service Sta
tion, LbwelL Adr.-360
L. L. Gil man sells the New Edison,
"the phonograph with a soul
ROCKHILL'S STAGE.
Bisbee-Tombstone, Leaves Bisbee
Bisbee Auto Co.. 7 a. in.. 1:30 p. ni. 7
passenger cars. Careful drivers.
Phone. Bisbee 5. Adr
Dr. Play fair, Osteopath. 98 Maston
Hill. Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647j
4v. 231
as the Flame, a woman without a conscience, daring enough to do as she chooses She is the triumphant Queen of the Alaskan Dance
Halls A Vampire A Woman of Fire Then comes the Stranger and she falls for the man she tries to trim.
DO YOU WANT TO SELL your ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONB
house? Do you want to buy a home or i Stage Line. ,
insure the one you have? SEE US and j The original Tombstone stage leave
be sure of quick action, prompt and re-j dailT at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
liable service. ' WINTERS & BORRE-: Cochise Motor Co.. Phone 444. Leaves
GO, Lowell. Phone 491. Adv-219 i punctually on time daily. Night tele-
phone. Green 368. 178
- (Advertisement)
See
The Great Fight between The Stranger and the King of the Alaskan Dance Hall The reproduction of Nome, Alaska, in the
days of the gold rush 300 people Scores of Eskimos and their dog teams enact their part in this great scene. Many
thrilling episodes enacted in the hall by miners, gamblers and all types of men who try their luck over the roulette wheel.
AND MOST OF ALL, SEE THE GREATEST THRIIJLING ADVENTURE DRAMA EVER MADE
(t
ITS GREAT," WE SAY, "ITS GREAT!"
MUSIC BY ORCHESTRA
ADMISSION CHILDREN, 15c ADULTS, 25c
COMING TOMORROW
HIS GREAT AMERICAN PLAY, "BROADWAY JONES"
GEO. M. G
OHAN
j
The
LYRIC
Beautiful
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
Continuous From 1 To 10 P. M.
Alexander Carlisle
r
IN
"TIDES OF FATE"
Chumps and Chances
(Comedy)
Reserved Seats
Lower Floor
Balcony
20c
10c
6c
If you need a tinner call Mainland &
Williams. Phone 302. Shop in rear of
Orpheum. Adv.-134
When you need a plumiber call Main
land & Williams. Phone 302. Shop in
rear of Orpheum. Adv-133
GET IT
What you pay for. Lowell Paint
Shop. Phone 701. Box 3994, Lowell.
Satisfaction guaranteed. Adv.-202
MADAM J. REA KEYS
At the St Regit Hotel,
Room 10. Lowell. Arizona.
PHRENOLOGIST A ASTROLOGlST
The greatest living spiritually or
dained medium and crystal reader.
Without asking questions I will read
your entire life. If you dobut my abl
lty. call and I will give you positive
evidence in your own life. I am not to
he compared with fortune tellers and
'such like, impostors M prey upon
the public with their unprincipled
methods. Engagement hours daily
and Sunday, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Advertisement-20S
"1 l I I i i illlilllllMnfc I II Ml I I mi I atWKrVM
MINING
SECTION
SOCIETY
SECTION
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 20. No. 140.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEWSUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 18, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
K
Cornelia Promises
Maximum Output in
Next Two Months
WORST TYPHOON' IX 50 YEARS MAKES 400,000 JAPS HOMELESS
Seven Million Pounds of Copper Are Expected to Be the Out
put of Arizona's Younger Producer. Shattuck's Mill Plans
Are Being Rushed and Next Summer Is Expected to See
Actual Operation of Lead-Silver Plant. Entire State Is
Looking Up.
New Cornelia Copper company, the Infant, in point of length of life it has
had among the big copper producers of Arizona, made 3,628,800 pounds of
&pp-r in October. This was its largest month by more than a million pounds
and probably assures that it will account for the balance of the year with at
least 7,000,000 pounds total for November and December. Shattuck-Arizona.
hardest hit of the Bisbee mines during the strike and slowest to regain forces
by reason of its distance up in the hills, made a little over 800.000 pounds of
copper last montfi and will be above 1,000,000 pounds this month, possibly up
to Its normal output. C. & A. and Copper Queen are holding around the high
figures of last month, while at Globe. Old Dominion is picking up sharply,
along with Miami Copper and Inspiration at Miami. With their own gains
and the unexpected lift they are getting from New Cornelia in production well
above advance estimates figured for tire new mine, it is possible that at the
end of this month they may be able to show that they have Arizona back
very close to normal figures of copper output.
New Cernelia's performance since entering production in June, a month
ahead or the time originally forecast for its beginning of output, have been
remarkably encouraging. In the five months a total of 11,003,961 pounds of
copper have been made. Operating a new plant. Involving much that was new development a car of ore is now being
FF ! shipped to smelter every other day.
in metals separation practice ana mat naa to De nanaieo. aurmB me u.. , comSng from the 1300 and Mu0 ievei3
period without the advantage of previous experience to be drawn upon, those in the main, but picked up at several
in charge of New Cornelia have scored a record of very high kind, probably Points of work.
...... ' Copper Metal Output.
never before approached in point of general efficiency. Announcement of Jhe copppr meU1 output Qf lhe
last month's high output figure was a surprise to those who had been watch- smelters In Arizona during the first
ing the property from a distance, and particularly in the East, where it was nine months of the jrear equaled a lit-
.... . ... j tie more than two-thirds of the total
not believed that Cornelia would ttns year gei across me j.uuu.uuu pounu
figure, at which it was rated for constant operation in the beginning. It Is
now clear that Cornelia will be able to work to 4.000,000 pounds or better,
and it is equally clear that there is no time to be wasted about it. Profits
being earned on present production mus't be somewhat better than half a
million the month, at which rate
m fi mt iWf nnTrTlfMr y
HANK
! PRODUCING IN
LARGEVGLUME
ALL ll 0
POWDER Is
1ST
ACCOUN
FOR
I
DURING YEAR! EVERY POUND
i j
Tom Reed and United Eastern New Regulations Governing
I Mine, For the First Ten! the handling of ExdIosivm
Months, Over Two Million
Dollars.
Camp.
Is Record for the
Go Into Effect November
15. All Mine Operators Interested.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Nov. lS.-.n
per-
Cleaning up one of Tokio's main streets so that street traffic may be resumed.
Japan's worst typhoon in fifty years wrought terrible havoc in Tokio, the capital, and Yokahama, the prin
cipal port, on the morning of October 1, exacting a toll of more than 1,000 dead and rendering more than 400,
000 people homeless. More than 300 ships of all kind. were sunk in the waters of Tokio bay and along- the
coast of the island empire. The bcccmpunyiriK picture, showing aw of the damage done in Tokio, h4 just
been received.
a fine or or
Oiie year's imprisonment.
Tnder the law. the director of mines
ID AND WIRE MINING COST
MILL IN WEST GROWS LARGE
i
exports of copper from the United ;
Engineers of the Anaconda Copper; Omit :ine all consideration of higher
States during the first eight months. Mining Co., expect fj have the copper ' waRes for ,abor thi. nif.hest in the his
These exports totaled 5S3.722.000 rod and wire manufacturing plant, un-' . , . . 0 , .
pounds, according to figures just Is-'der construction at the Boston & Mon-j tory f M bUpen0r CPper mlnlng
sued by the government. Due to the tana works at Great Fells. Mont., in op-1 other faf tors that enter into tapper
strikes within the period, the Araeri- eration by May 1. 1918. W. A. Wood ; production have advanced at such
it will not be long until the company pays tan output of copper from smelters of New York, consulting engineer who I startling rates that mining costs dur-
a . a-.-.aa i., f,.n 'as little more than 300 000.000 pounds designed the mill, is at Great Falls, and : inlr 1f- u in h hihpr here than anv
out iU total Investment and settles down to accrue dividend and surplus funds Af h tho. ,.,...' ing lJl' lU be hifriler herc tllan any
n tv.o loar- nn ia oatlmntoH mnre than 30 vears of nrofitable nroducing life. n ... j.nMiu i murhinorr r!n i i 1 lime wi.nin Si) years.
" " -. "J LUC piC3rLl uuic ail i I uiruiiiira i uiuihihvij nvfuiv, ui.iij ifaiiuai;.
New men emp
Coal is costing the average
per cent
turing.
The Chicago,
I Htr Is un tOO ner cent and there are no
Milwaukee &. St. Taul j contracts, powder companies naturally
j, .v. , ... .v ,, i,ii kj .,it,o t,v,io la this country are direct to consum-i This will be the brst road and wire
r J Til . 1 I 1 ..t . .... ' rlont n Ka K h i I tn -Via n.mtt n .1 n.i11 i narxlant rirl iinAP Oil i.unt m Ara
and replaced disaffected labor with forces drawn in the main from the agrl- momh and next TOonth cannot more mark the entrance of the Anaconda ! than it did last year wher. it was high
cultural divisions, are responsible for the sham pickup in output over the than fractionally relieve the shortaee Co. into a new field, that of manufac- j er than it bad been for 25 years. low
state generally this month. The new men are no longer new in point of com-' which is now certain of existing dur-
..... ing the first months of next year.
petency. They are, on the other nana, delivering tne emciency oi oia timers - smelters are goln(f at ful, ca. I system will require large quantities of giving the government first call on its
underground. The experience had with them has demonstrated that under com- pacity and w ill make something more j wire and rt,ls in connection with fu-1 ouvput. . Present price is not likely in
, . . . . ... , .i tlmn a third of the total Arizona con- ture electrification plans, as will other drop while war lasts.
netent handling a good miner can be made of average intelligence, frequently iiwa a uiira oi me oiai atihiuo. tup-. .. . . ,,. , ,, .
peiem jdiraniis w um c 6 fc per output this month. Hayden, ! northwes em railroads, and to meet Steel rails are up 110'f over prices
totally inexperienced in mining, in from three to four months. Those condl- Ciark8daIe Humboldt and Sasco smel- j tnis demand was one jr the reasons of a year ago. The worst feature
tions which came to ahead the middle of the year, called for quick ers are also going full capacity, as is j Promoting the construction of the j about steel rails is that even at pres-
. . j .ii i .i ...-1 h pnratinn niant at a in nf 'pw!Great Ma plant, the, manufacture of lent prices delivery cannot be had in-
remedy because of the Nation's need of copper metal, larger Incentive there- the separation plant at Ajo of New v nhvin,in!. I side of three or four ninths. Ordinar-
to $115 a ton and impossi-
O ATM AN, Ariz.. Nov. 17. For the;
first ten months of the year 1917, thej
two producing mines of the Oatman j son found with explosives in his po-
uixmci nave proaucea mor man j session after November 13 without a
OOO.OoO in gold, which is more than : ii( ense Issued by the federal girt era
was produced in the district in any ment" showing the purpose for'wlmli
whnle year, even during the bonanza the explosives are to be usd will M
i"c nabie to arrest and
ii pruuuciion is maintained ai me
present ra:e for the remaining two!
n.'jnths of 1917. the vear's outout will)
reach $2,500,000 which U practically is enipoweied to utilize the service
live times the camp's production for j of all I'nited States- officers and alt
191S. This will place Oatman well upPoIk.e ofncers of the gtates ,ncUidill
among the leading gold mining camps, j . .. .
of the I'nited States, excluding Alaska. c,ty pollce fortes- coun,y shriff'-
In fact there will not be more than one I dePuties constables and all officers in
r two mining district whose gold pro- j any way charged with police duties,
ductlon will exceed that of Oatman fori The police of the cities have already
the current year. !. .
Development work was commenced eea oran!ze1 r work, h.a-ied
on the 200 foot level of the Gray Eagle by a "t of chief. The poUce
shaft at the Tom Reed this week. Here;are not ,"iy to ,ook after tn
a vein carrying good values was open-j"111 of the Iaw'.but ar to make
ed up la.st year. Drifting along this ; thoroush investigations of all dyua
vein was commenced Wednesdav. Tfiei e Ktrases and fires in factories
drillers struck a -mii-sed hole" near.""'1' rehouse8. and to make thir
the cross cu: and Theoo'jre Olson reports to lhe d'tor of the bureau
was instantly killed by the explosion, 1 of nilnes-
his partner John Nondiai being slight-' Persons arprehended in plots tc
ly injured. The coroner's Jury found ! 0,o,,r UP factories and bridses will be
that the company was not at fault, the ' turned over to the authorties for pros
accident being one of the unavoidable ecution under federal or state laws,
accidents connected with mining. ,Most states have specially severe pun
The main shaft of the L'ni;ed East-1 ishments for these crimes. New York
ern has nearly reached its objective. ! nas an extreme penalty of 25 year-
200 feet helnw the fifir. f.it level ami ' imprisonment " for the the Dlzcinz ot
inde-j 1090 feet j,elow tlie couar of tne shaft. ' dyna mi' e with intent to blow up prop-
but a sump 80 feet deep will have to.erty. The penalty protUfd in the
be sunk below the cross cut level, a j federal war measure Is merely to cov
great station cut ou:, capable of hous-:er the illegal possession of explosive-,
ing a plant of machinery aid handling ' The. law provides that every one
ore, and a pocket for the loading of i who handles explosives must hav a
.Cornelia. Miami and Globe smelters ",,ri1 r1"3 uuv,al'"s , 'uc ul
fore prevailing than had bearing during any previous trouble in the state to jmportant galns toward nor. the expense incident to shipping refin-fily carbide can
Ret back to normal activities. There developed special instruction endeavor ! mai output this month, while Clifton ! ed C0PPer products from eastern j Now it is up to
nrfrcrmnnd inlned in hv evervhodv in snirit of oatriotism. with the result and Morenci smelters will be back in i
. , it . . . . : the production column witli some out
n MnM maVitiv tf minora Viv far than hflfl rviipn rnnalnpren nnssihle.
VI uivic aa.u ... i. ..... " ... . .. . j . - - - -- , i
Taxpayers Suffer Little.
Although the year witnessed more
plants to northwestern points.
! ble I'j secure even at these high prices.
Shattuck Mill Plana.'
Shattuck-Arizona is at the moment centering immediate attention among j
With the proposed 2595- increase in j Miners may have to go back to the old
the capacity of the zinc reduction ' fashioned tallow candle. Some mines
plant at Great Falls, which n'jw is cap-i have purchased carbide from Duiuth
able of producing around 7.000.000 jobbers. Last carload they had in Du-
Arizona producers with plans underway for expansion of activities. Under
i swi.iuuKU iub tear nuursscu uiuiiri . , ... , . , A . . . , ...
!.,ii. .iIB iio.i ,on ! Puls of spelter monthly, the proposi-1 luth got here a week ago. Jobbers
strikes with more men involved tnan ,. ... i . , . ...
tlnn Af kir9nlinintr lirau. u-itrt. at t trfprl to nnv f-arhina In Plipnna anil
I onv npovlnna voai In (ha hialnrv tT I
the latter Shattuck expects to have started by May 1, the milling of a million j Arizona, the cost to the taxpayers for j ed by Anaconda as freight charg
tons of low grade lead oxides that it is estimated will yield 4 the ton net iwi;ik naa ucC u.,....... "es east would cost
is true, notwunsianaing me iaci mat
profit on a normal metal market with attendant normal period costs. j 2Q 000 men mfm lnvoIved ln 8trike8
The process worked out for the profitble mining and treatment of the lead at on time in five different commun!-1 zinc
oxide by Shattuck management will take rank In efficiency and Ingenuity with 8' , """j. ZZ '
; time in two communities, with 2,000 af ;
attaipments of C. & A., Ray Consolidated. Inspiration, New Cornelia, Copper j anotner time in one community. It , Qf-mnl nf ri n
Queen, Miami and United Verde in the metalurglcal division during the last , Is also true notwithstanding the fact; Otf CCIK OT KjOllyC
l V1 & I 1 A 4
I ........ ..Jaa.n. t, n,.,!mn, .ftMan Raalna handling tho ' l"al eBLn Hlr,R laia"ie pro-uei-
1 i man influences, pledged, and
oxides, it is hoped that experimental runs through the new mill will estab- jnstance of the real leaders
tried to buy carbide in Europe and
found it is selling for 400 a ton in that
market. Under the circumstances any
the Anaconda no ' mine manager who keeps his mining
more than a brass product, which is j costs djwn to within 2591- above last
i maae up ui an alloy or copper and i years costs win pe considered a won-
J der for economical management.
I
Good Indication
Tax Needs Hard
to Figure Out
in the
j.... i
iiiaiautr; ui wig t cat icauri s uuuur :
lish that it will be able to handle a couple hundred thousand tons of silicious : less paid, to work destruction of prop- A streak of gouge eighteen inches; That the treasury department will
;erty and violent intimidation, as sub-1 wide has been opened in the east ; find it necessary to make a rutin as
: to what may be included in "deple
tion" item before mininc companies
sequently shown in I. W. W. records drift on the 700-foot level of the-Verde'
seized by the government, predomin-1 Combination at Jerome, and is now
ated in the direction of the strikes., being followed to the northeast.
rrhi.n.iin. f ii,. ,iio nf .1,1 o. Ti.Q .. Ar-irt , .n uritMuiiue uie amounts xney owe
Gra' pavers from extra burdens in handling Uauce on a lcdee of white auartz. When ' tl,e federal government under the ex-
. . t'MH nninitt i it t uu; nnnoniM a v i i on r
tne now of watet " ......
gold-silver ore opened In the mine and from which it is hoped to ultimately!
also win $4 the ton net profit. .
Contract have been let and orders placed for the bulk of the equipment
of the mill. Delivery of equipment will be under way by February 1.
Ing of the mill site on Denn ground is now in progress, along with the con- the several situations is found
c rant Inn nt i-nncrot foundations Th latter will ha finished parlv In Jan- fact that no militia was
uary. Grading will all be disposed of within 30 days. An excellent median!
cal organization is ready to crowd the work along to its conclusion.
head of this organization is A. I Engels, long master mechanic
company, but recently advanced to a
machinery and construction, his iformer position being filled by appointment . mining companies In assuming the ex-1 that the gouge could easily lead to eaPe
f nnor Rrnu-n pense of protecting their interests Is! an ore body and has given orders that, Manv of the copper companies have
Capacity of Plant.
in the I the gouge was hit
called out ' was so strong that it was necessary
and that the mining companies assum- to plug the holes and install a punm
ed the expense in most part of pro-! Work was resumed yesterday.
: from conversations with copper mln
; ing company officials.
. Some such rulings have been made
At Ul! tecfine their nrnnortlp relieving the' On the eaja side of the iron" which ln individual cases in connection with
vlth the sheriffs and city officials from calling' cuts from northeast to southeast, is the Income tax. but as to whether
, . . . for extra appropriations for their of-ia blue quartz, highly silicious. lne' noiu gooo in tne present in-
stance copper officials have no knowl-
particularly notable ln view of the ; it be followed. : op lneir ov " intorniation had attor-
fact that tinder thl vpar'a valuation! There has been no chance of anv np'9 t work preparing statements
The mill will have initial capacity of 400 tons of ore the day, and will tney wlIi pay. more than of an 1 importance in the north or south cross- showing probable excess profits tax.
Of the lead oxide, engineers estimate 1.- of the taxes of the state. j cuts. Uoth- are ln soft schist highly but these figures can only be approxi-
An Enviable Record. mineralized. at Desl-
The Ray district, in addition to be-j j Among New York corporation law-
ing first In Arizona In each of the ployes at Oatman probably alonevers the belief exists that the law as
Liberty loan bond subscriptions, with scored higher than those of Ray mine It stands cannot be maintained and
hlr nartlHnnHnn ih. hnif mfiHnn Hoi. : emnloves. 52"r of the United Eastern th't modifications will have to bei
output 100 tons of concentrates.
000.000 tons now available. Further research may Increase the tonnage ma
terially. Of the silicious gold-silver ore there is also increase in tonnage
possible. Both these classes of ore represent nice side gains to the com
pany's chief business, copper mining. Shattuck production of copper in Oc
tober was 808,000 pounds, giving it a total production for the year to Novem
the ore ini'j the skip, must be com- j license issued by the bureau c' mines
pleted. It will probably be January 1. in Washington. The seller of exp!o
or later before the vein is reached bylsives and the purchaser of explosive.)
the cross cut. j must have licenses, issued generally
The November dividend of the Unit-j by county clerks, or other local of fl
ed Eastern has been declared, being leers authorised to administer oath,
the fifth monthly distribution of sur-, There will be at least one licensing
plus made by the company. Like the , officer in each county, and more
others, it consists of five cents per agents will be designated if the coua
share. amounting to J6S.0O0, making a ty u sufficiently large to warrant it.
total of $340,000 paid to s;ockholders If a state has laws providing for a
since july. system of licensing persons manu'a--
Sinking of the shaft at the Gold Ore ,urlnKi storing, selling or using ex
from the 5.0 to the 730 foot level is plosives the state ofncials alIthorizea
the next order of progress at that ac-it) surh ,uns,es shaU desir-
tive property. Within sixty days. a,nated ag federa, licensinK aKents: also
complete new plant has been Installed. c, offit.ia,8 oualined to lsslM. rity .
electric Pr,wer brought in and a new ; ,VM ren8e9 wi ,wn au.hop.
aT .P,?m ?niP e,teU l0,he ,0ldiity to Issue federal license,. A federal
.anat f ,1 '9 ' ?, QU1CkeSt Hcense will not relieve any penon
,ni ,, h mC Propo,rUon8 ever ac-!from securing licenses required under
complished in the district 1 . , . , . . ,. ,-.,,.
stale laws cnu io.i ur'iiiiu-.-.. ....
Development work continues at the
Oatman Southern, where the shaft is;
i citizens of the United Sta'es or of
countries friendly to the United State
and the allies may obtain license.
Contractors, mining companies, quar-
1 .mnlnv'H-a miv issue explosives to
LI J . . . . J . - - - - J
thos
call d
tfcrvugh
license.
in ob-
being sunk to a depth jf 200 feet, at'
the United Oatman, where cross cuts ;
arff hplnv oilvflnail ,x . V. nn An.l '
west from the tunnel, at the United ' rn"'n a,,d ,0,,her U8'"RS ,arg Vm
Northern where tho mt. !. Ucs of explosives, which are handWi
well under wav on the ",r.il f,mt luvol
and at the Second Lode where two ,De,r npioees on.,
shifts are ainbin. ih. .haft o. .hn employees holding a
of six feet daily, being now well past i foreman's license.
the 250 foot level if i. th nr.m in. ! The purchaser of dynamite.
tention to cross cut the vein from the taining a license, must state definitely
hanging wall at a depth of 350 feeL , hat the explosive is to be used fir.
Further development work will open and m be ne,d accountable for its
up soon at the Oatman United, the ! " as stated and the return of any
Gold Road Bonanza, the Arizona Moss explosives that may be left.
Hack and at the Mohawk Central! Wi'h the strict enforcement of this
where diamond drilling will be used to law. the federal authorities hope ta
cross cut the property on the 400 foot ; prevent explosives falling into the
level. , hands of evilly disposed persons and
1 to put a stop to all further dynamite
plots.
FIRE IN DETROIT
I
TURK LOSSES
(By Review Leased Wire.)
DETROIT. Nov. 17. Four German:
were overcome and a number of girl ly Keview Leaea i".
employees thrown into a panic had; COPENHAGEN. Not. 17. An article
narrow escapes ln a fire early tonight by Captain von Salzmann printed In
that swept through the fifth floor of a the Rerlin Vossische Zeitung directs
motion picture exchange building in attention to the great Importance of
the British uccesses In Palestine.
lar subscriptions of Rar Consolidated men subscribing. Ray has attained made In many directions.
to both the first and second issues, j further distinction this year by kee-
the downtown section.
The building, a seven story struc- The writer saya the capture of Jeru.
I ture, was occupied excltislve'y by fllni salem would threaten German's en-
concerns. Tne offices and store rooms tire poncy m me oneni. mere is on
ber 1 of around 10.500,000 pounds. It is now expected to make 13,000.000 is able to lav claim to probably" first ing free from labor trouble and scor-j Americans haven't had much time; of the General Film company and the indication that Germany and Austria.
pounds for the year. Denn-Arizona, much coupled In
Shattuck, is going ahead with its development campaign satisfactorily. From lt9 pubiC
. . ... t ..i... if noMat n. arrii- onpf i T.r nraiwii in miininna ai.r-iinna v larninn rniniiHnv r rn apiuuvra. vn rn H I n ubiue luiaiou wuwa. iwu-
nnhlir intret with Place in ui state in point ot per cen-1 nig i-uiuiauu; c..w-v..., . 1 . --- - -- -- - - - - -.-
punuc interest wnn .rtirir..tto in th. (.,... hv each month in mining and milling re-1 since Uncle Sam was elected to whip; The loss is estimated at between template helping: Turkey regain her
r i" ! . . i t 1 inn tK. - rtv aa ' I. A.UAiUa
United Eastern mine em-i suits. ;'ne Kaiser. j..,, mm .-..v.. ..u ..
' 't-' ..." TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 18, 1917. '
FASHION HINT
Thou, too. sail on O Ship of State,'
Sail on O Union, strong aud great!
Humanity, with all its fears,
With all the hopes of future years
Is banging breathless on thy fate.
.
Sail on, nor fear to brave the sea!
Our hearts, our hopes are all with
thee;
Our hearts, our hopes our prayers,
our tears,
Are all with thee are all with the.
No words could express more ap-
propriutely the stutimsnt of the en-:is secretary of the committee, will be
tire nation at the present hour than glad to answer any questions in re
this passape from "The Huilding of pard to the work,
the Snip," written 60 years ago by .
Heury- W-aasworUi . Longfellow. The yiisa Gertrude Sherman entertained
eyes of Orient and Occident are in neu or ner mother, who left for
turned " to" our Ship or State, now LoS Angeles Wednesday morning for
launched on her most perilous voy- a short visit, and made a charming
ase. Now she must show how stanch- hostess. The guests, consisting of Mrs.
ly she has been built, of what niate-E. Ellinwood, Mrs. Robert McCart
rtel she has been hewn. Now the pilot ney, Mrs. Day of Los Angeles, Mrs.
must guide .Ms ship through an al- Barton, who is here from Santa Mon-n-ost
uncharted sea into the teeth of jca. Mrs. Rossett and Mrs. Maud W.
the gale. The crew must perform ' Makemson. enjoyed cards. Mrs. El-and accompanist; John Eichenberger,
each his appointed task with cheer-1 iinwcod presided at the tea table. 'tenor and manager. The program in
fulness and all diligence; there' can j eludes miscellaneous solos, duets,
be no mutiny here. Truly, humacKJ Mrs. E. H. Wicker and Mrs. Ross ' quartets, etc.; a reading from Maeter
woarr of the struggle against inhu-; Griffith entertained about sixteen la-1 linck's "Bluebird": a Japanese ro-
manity, is "hanging breathless" on the
outcome of this voyage. . .
.Six months ago the United Stales
entered the arena. During that period
steady progress has been made toward!
meeting the unparalleled exigencies of ;
the situafon. in the face of siubbbrn'
opposition from the pacifists and their! expectedly and brought a delicious spices of the .Red Cross netted an av-pro-German
propaganda. Every prop-1 lunch. The evening was spent im'erage of about $14 a day while it ran
aratlon is being made, every precau-j dancing and in playing cards. The
tion taken, to bring the war to a guests were: ; Miss Clara Nichols,
speedy and happy ending. Movements! Miss O'Neil, Mr. and Mrs. Don Hess,
are now ;foot-that may bring benfi-i Mrs. Walter Hess, Mr. and Mrs. King,
cent results ow undreamed of. I Mr and Mrs. Wicker, Mrs. Reynolds,
No one can doubt for a moment that, Mr. end" Mrs. Albert Bergquist, Mr.
the immediate outcome of the war' and Mrs. Smith. Mrs. Huddleston, Mr.
roust be the triumph of . democracy. and Mrs. Ross Griffith, Dorothy Grif
History records a slow, continuous, fith.
evolution onward and upward. Since'
the days of the Phoenicians and the The Methodist Ladies' aid, which
Pharaohs, civilization has been ex-j met at Mrs. Livingston's on Thursday
panding and broadening. The nation ; afternoon, held an election of officers,
that has been thrown Mo the dis- with the result, that the officers for
card has been the nation that has the ensuing year consist of Mrs. Wat
fallen into weakness and effeminacy,! sen. president: Mrs. Naglun. vice
and that is the last thing that can be president; Mrs. Cochran, secretary,
said of the United States. For mental and Mrs. C. W. Allen, treasurer. There
virility, as well as physical vlgor, 13 to be a special meeting with Miss
America, including Canada and the j Mover pt the Y. W. C. A. next Friday
United States, is second to none. To at 2 o'clock to do Red Cross sewing,
those two qualities, add purity of ideal, j
and there results a combination of ,Mrs. E. H. Wichern of Tombstone
forces that cannot fail in any good Canyon entertained the St. John's
purpose it sets out to accomplish. J sruild on Tuesday last. The members
Any man or woman who cannot say are very busy with Red Cross knit
at this time, with Longfellow, "Ourj jng. ."Hooverized" refreshments were
hearts, our hopes, our prayers, jour; served and the guild adjourned to hold
tears, our faith triumphant o'er or.r! its next meeting with Mrs. Erne
fears, are all with thee are all with j Crocker in Warren.
thee!" needs to undergo a rigid seif-i
examination to find out and correct
whatever is wrong with his thinking.
The Twentieth Century club held Its
Tegular bi-monthly meeting Tuesday I
afternoon at the club room in the
Y. After the business of the meeting I
u n ttincar fo1 an Tioni- u-ac ripvnfpri I
to a general talk about the state of 'Thursday afternoon the guests werej " this paper under theabov cap
... -.f-.-it 1 c 11 r. t r 1 tion are snnnlied ly the L. S. r-toa
.Maine. mr. .uiieuau gue ut-i (
rerainiscences of summers spent in the;
Maine pine forests and on the coast; j
Mrs. Cochran furnished statistics in.Taul Stevens and H. M. Woods.
regard to that state, and Mrs. Parish
cave a very acceptable reading of- Through a mistake on the part of
Longfellow's "The Building of the
Ship.'
jthe dance at Vista park a week ago
. Miss Opal Core of the Central Wednesday. The committee, of which'
school entertained a party of friends! Mrs. Hurst is chairman, managed thej
at tne v. v. .:. a. last v eanesaay
even in".
man of the American fund for French !
wounded, will be in charire of the ta-jby
It is surely worth while to be the owner of a
Ford Car representing, as it does, the most
direct and likewise the widest variety in serv
ice to users. Because of the profitable work
Ford cars are doing for your neighbors does it
not appeal to you. that a Ford car is your
necessity? The prices are so reasonable and
the cost to operate and maintain so small
think it over. Runabout. $345; Touring Car,
$3fi0; Coupelet, $505; Town Car. $595; Sedan.
$645; One-Ton Truck
prices f. o. b. Detroit.
HOCD &
Phone 686, Bisbee
day operations, Tuesday, November
' L'O. The tag-Jay girls and their
;chaperones will meet at 8:30 a. m. at
the Dank of Blsbee. They will wear
j the French cap, decorated In front
v.ith an American flag or shield, and
white arm bands with a bit of red.
white and blue ribbon or a French
i flag attached. Mrs. Frantzen will im
' mediately turn over all flag day money
i to D. C. Griffin, who Is treasurer of
. the local committee of the American
I fund for French wounded. Miss Car-
lota Mover of the Y. W. C. A., who
dies at the home of Mrs. Ross Griffith
with a chain card party. Light lunch
was served,
Mrs. Chain of Tombstone Canyon
was -agreeably surprised the other ev-i
enins, when sixteen ladies called un-i
Mrs. M. J. Ryan received eight
guests at a card party in her home at
Warren on Thursday afternoon for the
benefit of the permanent blind relief
fund. Mrs. Tony Down won the prize.
a very lovely "giddy-gadding bag."
At Mrs Ralmforth'a card nartv on
lucsuauirs r. n. r cici wu, u. -1
lor. A. D. McGregor. A. D. McGregor,:
H. A. Hahn, Joseph Irving, Robert Sox.
the Review, the Soldiers' Comforti
club did not receive the credit for
aance aoiy ana raisea aoout 3uu. Mrs.
Callison has received to date about j
, , . . j
I 70 names of boys in cantonments and
necessary that alV names should be In j
next Tuesday, as on that date the
Chassis, $600. These
BLEDSOE
Phone 171, Douglas
committee is planning to meet at the
"Y" and fill the boxes for immediate
shipment.
The second number of the Warren
Lyceum course, which is held at the
high school, occurs next Thursday,
November 22. Perhaps the best way
to describe the Montague Light Op
era Singers Is to quote what some
of the newspapers have been saying
about them. Tbe Wheeling (W. Va.)
Intelligencer says: "The Montague
company of light opera singers gave a
most dellgntrui recuai iai mguu
Tuneful selections from some of Jthe
most popular operas were given by
this company of experienced artists
A variety of fetching costumes were
used. The large audience demonstrat
ed its appreciation or the beautiful
renditions by encores, and several
numbers were repeated." The person
nel of the company consists of the fol
lowing: Miss Altha Montague, con
tralto and reader; Miss Edna Rey
nolds, soprano; Haydn Thomas, bass,
ma nee, with selection from 'Mme.
Butterfly" and 'The Mikado," and
scenes from tbe operas, as "Robin
Hood" and Victor Hertert'a "Sejf
nade."
Tbe rummage sale under the au
last week.
' The Christian Endeavor of the Chris
tian church gave a well attended box
supper Friday evening at the church.
A program was given consisting of two
piano solos by Miss Catherine Win-
stead, and readings by Mrs. Deathcr
ldge and Mr. Hitchcock, and songs by
the Copper City quartette. Miss Ma
netta Hunter's box brought the high
est bid. of about $3.50. In all $14.50
was made, and will go toward the
new piano.
Mrs. J. F. Warren is In Phoenix at
tending to her little son, EarL who is
ill with smallpox.
The Central School Parent-Teachers'
association held Its first meeting Oc
tober 23, at which time the officers
for the ensuing year were elected.
Mrs. J. F. Steward was re-elected pres
ident. The meeting was the best at
tended since the organization of the
association. It is hoped that there
will be more eo-operatlpn. ietween the
parents and teachers. All parents are
urged to attend the meeting to be held
at the Central school Tuesday, No
vember 20, at 7:30 p. ra. Interesting
program and refreshments will be pre
pared. "SERVE BY SAVING."
The American woman's slogan.
Editor's Note The articles appear-
y-
At'mln.stratlon as a r
the American woman
c'icfll help to
in doing her
Your Life Preserver.
t- the corn ne'-. frr a life pro-
"Ta
ii" r' '"
1 Ti f ar Unc 3 Sam s words today
And what do they mean?
Tre mean 'h' al' through the
:u.-bfast and mid : west runs a great
u' corn-gr.-.v.cr region that
on - main iciw. of
,tr meal supply today. br.t isnt.
We are using the greater part ot
t"1'8 "op to feed our livestock and
poultry wniits cumuie uui vmu w
real diet chiefly to wheat.
Does this seem fair when the de
mands for wheat by our allies is so
tremendous?
We could easily use some of this
corn for ourselves and thus spare more
of the wheat for those who will starve
unless they have it next winter. In
doing this we will lose nothing in
nourishment. Pound for pound corn
is fully as nutritious as .wheat.
The South Atlantic states have
known the value of corn in cooking
for a long time. For this reason we
can turn to them now for many deli
clous recipes. The following, for in
stance, is a favorite breakfast or lunch
eon dish with them:
Cornmeal Waffle
One cup milk, three-fourths cup of
flour, one-fourth cup cornmeal, two
teaspoons baking powder, one-half tea
spoon salt and one egg
Add beaten egg to milk and add to
dry materials, well mixed.
Doesn't that sound good?
And here is another delicious recipe
for mufrins. Make them once for
breakfast and then see how many
mornings go by before your family be
gin to ask "When are you going to
have those cornmeal muffins again?"
Cornmeal Muffins
One cup milk or water, one and a
third cups flour, two-thirds cup corn
meal, one to two tablespoons fat, one
to two tablespoons sugar, one egg,
four teaspoons baking powder, one
half teaspoon salt.
, Method 1. Mix milg, egg'aud melt
ed fat. and add dry ingredients, well
mixed.
Method 2. Scald cornmeal with the
hot milk; add egg, melted fat and dry
ingredients.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
7 i
1
u.
' '
The new seal brown velvet tur
ban is an interesting: fall model that
is quite likely to be admired. The
soft crown mouny higher on on
cide than the othe and it has an 1 at
tractive trimming with a bond of
feather breast and a tall wing.
Y. W. OA. Notes
The gathering at the Y. W. C. A.
Thursday evening was largely attend
ed and full of Interest. The work
among the 1 nines and Japanese
young women was briefly presented.
Mrs. M. E. Gage telling of the homes.
gymnasiums, educational classes and
Bible classes conducted by the asso
ciation in those two countries, where
women are only just beginning to en
ter upon their rightful, heritage. Mrs.
C. W. Harshman told of their work
among the immigrants as they arrive
in the western cities and the efforts
to make them Americans. The chief
interest of the evening was the talk
by Mrs. C. S. Thompson as to what
the war work of the Y. W. C. A.
really is. and why we are engaged in
It. She said in part:
"When the United States really en
tered the war the Fosdick commis-j
sion was appointed to care for and
strengthen the morale of tbe army
and as the most efficient existing or
ganization for that purpose, the Y. M.
C. A. was asked to take that work
for the boys not only as they went
to war, but Inside the camps here,
and. as we know, the red triangle has
become the symbol of helpful Chris
tian influence.
"Immediately following the mobili
zation of the army many industrial
changes came. In the large munition
factories thousands of girls are em
ployed, and there Is no adequate hous
ing. The government or the company
should care for this, but they are over
whelmed with their work and cannot, j
"An army of stenographers, teie-;
phone operators, seamstresses anai
laundresses are employed in each can-;
tonment. which often, is located farl
from the city, making transportation
to and from work a serious problem.!
The wives,, mot hers, sisters andsweet-j
hearts must needs seettheir men. andi
so this same Fosdick commission
which asked the Y. M, C. A. to come
to their aid for the men inside the'
camp turned to the Yj W. C. A": -to
the same reason that 'it was already.
a large, efficient .wonjan s organiza-;
Hon to ccne to the ait of the women.
"In tbe coast cantonments there are;
two hostess' houses, which have a rec-,
ord or numerous weddings eleven!
licenses a day is the average In Se-j
attle two courtmartials' for women
who should never have been near a
camp, and one funeral. The latter;
was of a young woman. who had come
to the cantonment to make an effort'
to secure her brother's exemption in(
crder that he might take care of her,
since she was in poor health. 1
"Into the war zone our best young.
women are being called. Near each
base hospital a Y. W. C. A. hut is to.
be erected, where the nurses, who.
work untold hours under the most!
trving conditions, may at least fiud a,
comfortable bed for their short rest.'
In Russia, where there is so much;
chaos and confusion, our secretaries:
are called to steady and strengthen
the women, and there, too, to keep,
purer the camp morale.' I
"The first call in August for $1.0'U.-
noo seemed a great deal, but now the;
need has grown so that the quota
asked of the American people through ;
the Y. W. C. A. is $4,000,000, and it is
considered that this amount will onlyi
be sufficient until June."
The following new members have
been received into the local associa
tion during the past month: Mesdames
A. Jewell. Albert Wittig. G. E. Orr.
H. Walls. W. A. Douglas. W. M.
Terry, I. W. Howlott. Maud 'W. Mak-
enisoa. (J. M. Porter. David It Allen.;
E- Hardwellr Misses With Ixwe,l
largaret McConanghy. Ruth H. Wade,'
la Foru. Kllen Dolnrty, Harriet Bart-
(.. pernice Mi-Curdv. M. Dorothy
uat. Gertrude Sherman, Gladys Jones!
Marsarette A. Dcrniont. In tho;
rls' department new members are I
Catherine Duulap mid Alberta Houle.
The subject of one-piece dresses is,
at present, almost inexhaustible. They
are seen in every form and on every
occasion. They are certainly a boon
to the woman who spends the after
noon downtown shopping and then
goes tt dinner and the theatre after
wards. Very elaborate dresses may
be worn under the long coat and still
only be visible when the coat ia re
moved. When the dress matches the
coat in color, the appearance is that ot
a two-piece suit.
Silks and soft satins are very ap
propriate for afternoon dresses and
may be made as plain or elaborate as
One may wish. These are nearly al
ways combined with chiffon or Georg
ette crepe some way. Sleeves and
vest of the crepe or chiffon give a
very dainty touch as dark colors are
given preference.
Where crepe or satin is combined
with velvet or serge. In many cases,
the material of which the bodice is
made is carried down on the skirt
forming a yoke r tunic.
The shallow hip yoke is coming to
the front and make an attractive fin
ish at the top of a skirt: These yokes
are not necessarily close fitting and in
some Instances are a continuation of
the lines of the skirt Itself with less
fullness.
The surplice bodice with sash ends
tying in back Is more popular than ev
er. It adapts itself well t'o the new,
soft, clinging materials and is usual
ly becoming. Girdles or belts of some
sort are seen on all gowns but seldom
are any two made alike. They are
wide or narrow, crushed or plain
closely fitted or in sash effect accord
ing to the type of gown. The woman
who designs and makes her own
clothes has a chance to show her orig
inality and good taste. The woman
who is short waisted can use the waist
coat effect on sash ends with good re
sults. Panels are among the new features.
Sometimes they are a continuation of
the bodice and hang loose from the
waist and at other times the waist line
is distinctly defined. They may be
simulated by plaits at either side of
the front and ending the girdle under
a plait at each side.
Rows of buttons with corresponding
button holes of braid are used a great
deal in trimming. They are used up
and down tbe side front to give a panel
effect and many tightfitting sleeves
have a row of buttons from cuff to el
bow. The side-draped skirt continues in
popularity while the tunics caught up
at the back are beginning to cast their
shadows ahead in an adpotion of the
old-fashioned bustle. Fortunately the
resemblance is not marked.
From all indications this bids fair to
be a season of furs. More of them
are making an appearance every day.
Beaver has come back again after a
long absence and Is used for small
neck pieces to wear with tailored suits.
Hudson seal is very smart combined
with broadcloth and velvet and the re
sult is luxurious in the extreme.
Large shoulder capes of moleskin
are being worn with street dresses in
place of coats. ' Nearly all furs are left
in the natural colors and the bizarre
looking furs of past season are gone.
The melon shaped muff seems to be
At the vesper service this afternoon
members of the girls' club will give
a pageant in costume, representing
five fields of foreign work. It will
be followed by a sketch, picturing an
episode of Y. W. C. A. work, which
takes place in Shanghai.
Wednesday noon the social service
committee entertained the Woolworth
employees with a luncheon. In the
evening the girls returned and organ
ized a club.
. The business girls' basket ball team
is showing an increase in membership.
It meets Monday evenings.
. Mrs. E. A. Crocker will give a talk
next Wednesday afternoon at the Y.
W. C. A., choosing for her subject:
"The Wheatless Menu." There will
he a discussion open to all and wo-j
men are requested to bring their fa-;
vorite wheatless recipes to talk over'
and exchange. i
Wednesday evening. November 21, i
the membership committee will enter-i
tain the September and October mem-1
bers. I
Thursday afternoon the social conv
mittee of the girls' High school league
which organized a bhort time ago.
gave a party which waa greatly en-j
joyed. One of the chief features wasj
that the girls rut out magazine pic
tures and then wrote appropriate seen-
arios to fit, which were read aloud I
and proved to be very amusing.
Several new Camp Fire and Rain
bow clubs are being organized among
the girls in the grade schools of the
district.
Tha new class in home nursing,
taught by Mrs. Jason, is still open
to new members. Any who wish to
join are asked to register it h Miss
Moyef.
The Employment Department
This department, while not working
upon a theoretical basis, perhaps, his
heen endeavoring to accomplish some
thing along practical tines; and while
the situation be ms deplorable at
quite the thing and adds a quaint
touch to a costume.
Fitch is much used for sets and nu
tria for trimming and both are compar
atively low in price. Combinations of
different furs are seen as well as in
different materials. Ermine and seal
and ermine and moleskin are partic
ularly beautiful. Of course a great
deal ot the so-called ermine is an im
itation, rabbit fur being generally sub
stituted but this does not detract any
thing from its beauty.
The hats accompanying the sets us
ually have some touch of the fur about
them. Sometimes the brim is of fur
with a soft crown of velvet or the
crown has a band Of fur around it.
The Russian cap or turban of the
soft, short-haired furs are very becom
ing to nearly any woman. These are
almost always left untrimmed.
One beautiful wrap of gray squirrel
was made in one straight oblong piece,
long enough to reach the waist line in
the back. The wrap was brought
around the shoulders like a shawl leav
ing One end very much longer than the
other. Then the corner of the short
end was caught at the neck leaving the
long end to cover the entire front of
the gown and reach almost to the op
posite hip line. This was held in at
the waist line by a narrow belt of the
fur fastened with an old jade buckle
set in silver. The short end hung
loose meeting the other end at the hip
line and the wrap had tbe appearance
of a short fur coat. The lining was of
old blue crepe de chine. An untrim
med toque of taupe velvet was worn
with this wrap.
One long, straight, taupe velvet
gown had a wide band of natural Aus
tralian opossum at the hem and neck.
A chimney muff wa scarried with this
gown and a tam-o'-shanter Of dark
taupe velvet with a pon-pon of the fur
completed the costume. -
Christmas Suggetsions. I
A slender glass bowl for mayonnaise j
with a plate and glass ladle. Tbe ,
shape is very graceful and has a floral
design etched tor it- 1
A bag of pearl gray faille beaded in i
& . 1 , rr.1 l m
cui sieei oeaus. 1 ue uuing uiuy uv ui
satin in gray, rose, old blue or velvet.
Draw strings Of gray faille ribbon.
Knitting bags of every size and hue.
One ot natural colored crash had sec
tions of different colored linen applied
to the side to form a design of conven
tionalized flowers and leaves. The
center of each flower was of beads in
a color to harmonize. Gold braid trim
med the sides and top and gold cord
was used for the handles.
Another knitting bag was fashioned
of rose colored brocaded satin, beauti
fully embroidered in raised satin and
outline stitches.
Embroidered neckwear is an especi
ally satisfactory gift and always grate-!
fully received. !
Table decorations are always use
ful and styles change so Often that
one cannot have too many. One glass
bowl has a black band around it and
is decorated ' with colored flowers.
When this is filled with fruit it makes
a very attractive center piece.
times, the chairman and secretary are
trying to solve the many daily prob
lems In a satisfactory manner, both to
employer and employee.
So, far we have not had a regular
committee, but the chairman and sec
retary have talked over matters of
importance when necessary. In or
der to notify the public that the Y.
W. C. A. was trying to serve the com
munity in this capacity, two ads were
inserted in the Review tor eight days,
which brought results In the way of
many applications.
It was decided that a call meeting
of representative members of Women's
organizations of the city would prove
helpful In getting the sentiment of
the public in regard to certain mat
ters in connection with this depart
ment. Such a meeting was called Oc
tober 15th. and the different phases
of the work discussed. The following
organizations were rep'esented: Epis
copal Ladies' Aid, Mrs. Bryan; Pres
byterian League, Mrs. Ellinwood;
Twentieth Century Club, Mrs. Cobb;
Women's Club. Mrs. Uledsoe; Mrs. J.
M. Rose, chairman; Mrs. Colton, sec
retary. The committee discussed the
necessity of advertising and decided
to announce to their various organi
zations the need of registrations by
both employers and employees. Th
chairman also telephoned the Liberty
bond workers to inform people while
upon their house to house canvass of
the city. Mrs. Cressey was given the
sample employment cards and blottei
In order to ascertain prices of print
ing same. The committee decided
that it would be best to only make
charges to noti-nicmbers of the asso
ciation of a small 'fee of 10', of first
week'3 wages from tho.-e receiving
regular work.
A fciuall fee is asked of employers
for services rendered. These fees on
ly cover necessary expenses of car
rying on the work. A bulletin boarj
was thought to be very useful and it
whs suggested that cost of .same be
estimated and submitted to the board
for their decision at the next meeting
Friday afternoon. November 9th. the
rommittee. consisting of Miss Moyer.
the chairman. Mrs. Itoss and the em
ployment secretary, held a a hort meet
ing. At this time Mis Cuiumings and
J.B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
r
Have You
Noticed
That There Are More
of Our Signs on New
Houses All the Time?
WHY!
Because they figured
with US. Insist that
your contractor figure
with US before you let
your job.
You can buy no better
material or for less
money anywhere.
Gibson-Hines
Lumber Co.
T.W.FSmitli.Bxr. PfionelS
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO,
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50."
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice '
Telephone 446
A Phone Call Will Bring Us.
LOS ANGELES JUNK SHOP
t Highest Cash Prices Paid For
'Metals. Rubber, Rags, Sacks, Bottles, '
Bones. Iron, Hides, Pelts, etc.
HOROWITZ BROTHERS, Proprietors
Lowell, Arizona.
GUARD YOUR
HEALTH!
Use Pasteurized Cream and Milk
i
I
At Your Grocers.
The Pure Milk Depot,
Johnson Bldg, Main St
WATXINS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
! The tLM LMi3K Store
Mrs. Oi-Icr were appointed to act as
members in this department. It was
also decided to hold the regular meet
ing if the committee during the week
previous to time of the regular board
meeting. The cost and the number
of cards and advertising blotters nec
essary and bulletin board were dis
cussed and such matters to ho suV
niittej to the board by the rhairraau of
the department.
Ifrfi THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 18, 1917.
THREE
)
PICTURESQUE COUNTRY IS THAT
0E MACEDONIA IN
OF ALLIES AND
ARMY HEADQUARTERS. ISVOR.
Macedonia, Noember 17 (Staff Cor
respondence of the Associated Press.)
Tht3 little Turkish town marks the
farthest point north of the army of
the Orient, 'where General Jerome,
commander-in-chief of the French
Greek divisions, has established his
general headquarters. The double line
of trenches are near by, and one hears
the low rumble of puns and gets an
occasional whiff of gas. To the right
" the Vardar river winds between high
mountains. It Is the junction of the
British-French forces with General
Milne's British divisions running east
of the Vardar, 150 miles to the sea, and
- General Jerome's French and alliel
divisions stretching west of the Var
dar toward Monastir.
With Captain Petain, of General Je
rome's staff and Captain Langenhagen
from general headquarters, we had
come to one of the highest points, to
get a panoramic view of the opposing
lines, with the batteries at work. It
was in an old Turkish cemetery and
we looked out from among these
strange Turkish gravestones. For
same reason it had been christened
"Socrates Observatory." The scene
ahead was singularly beautiful on this
clear October day, with the Vardar on
the right, three bomb-swept and de
serted villages in front, and succes
sive ranges of mountains from which
little cotton-balls of smoke marked
the batteries in action.
Directly in front we looked down on
the Bulgar city of Gueveli, an import
ant place of 40,000 population, now
deserted, because of the havoc of the
French guns. It has large silk facto
ries and the tall chimneys and what
is known as the Dzepvo tower, stood
out plainly above the silent city. To
the west were three Turkish villages
also deserted. East Aleak, West Al
eak, and Hadzi Bari. The lines ol
trenches were plainly visible, zig-zag-ging
across the plain, but there was
movement of infantry visible and only
the blotches of smoke and rumbJe of
O. K. LIVERY AND
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
ARIZONA
Biske Copper Co.
PER SHARE
FOR SALE BY
COLLINS '&
BRETHERTON
We Specialize in Jerome
and Oatman Stocks.
P. O. BOX 1129 PHONE 26
50c
A quarter here, fifty cents there, a dollar
somewhere else do you keep tab on your
expenses?
And do you realize that many of these
quarters, half dollars and dollars you could
save?
Bank With Us.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber 4. Co., Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Elecinc
WHICH
ARMIES
HUNS IN BATTLE
guns to mar the calm of these fertile
foothills and valleys.
Coming north from Salonlkl the ra'l
way stops at Kilometre 67 and here
begins the gigantic work which French
; engineers are accomplishing in bulld
I inc bridges and mountain roads. A
net-work of 500 miles of this road has
j been built, keeping the whole Mace
donian front In touch with long lines
of supply trucks moving the muni
tions and stores to the front, ft Is
all stone road, such as the old Rom
ans built, and besides this 500 miles
for auto trucks there are 400 miles
more for pack mules.
At one point a sandy plain spread
out, with a colossal structure in the
distance which looked like one of the
pyramids of Egypt It was mounted
on a hewn stone terrace half a mile
long, and then above rose the mon
strous dome with the apex rounded.
This is the reputed tomb of Alexan
der the Great, that noted hero of old
Macedon who exclaimed: "Give me
more worlds to conquer." Captain Lan
genhasen said it was not clear wheth
er the tomb was a tradition or a re
ality, but excavations were being made
to seo if the interior of the vast pile
would disclose some authentic clues.
General Jerome is known as the
"fig'iting general," by virtue of the
steady hammering he is doing on this
front. He is of the Phil Sheridan
type, fhrt and thick, with a ruddy
face and then gray hair. His staff
Includes some of the best known men
in France, including the head men of
the Paris Figaro. The general's re
ports on the day's operations had just
come in.
"It is comparatively calm," he said.
"Most of the attacks are at night just
now, as the darkness gives cover, and
there is no hot sun to wear the men
down." ,
General Jerome was greatly inter
ested in the arrival of American troops
In France. He wanted to see Major
Davis, the United States military at
tache in these parts, to talk with him
of the desirability of having Ameri
can vigor added to what is already
here. Something may come of this
later on.
At Magaday we saw General Colin,
French brigade commander. His head
quarters are at one of the most ex
posed points of this front. One side
of the town has been blown to pieces
and the houses are masses of debris
and Jagged walls. Gas attacks ere
also frequent The general's hend
quarters are on the side of a high
cliff, reached by winding walks. He
has a garden on a ledge of the cliff,
and everything is bright and sunny in
his cliff-house.
A glimpse of what the Creeks are
doing on this front was obtained et
the Greek headquarters, where Colonrl
Spiliades is in command of the di
vision of Crete, those heroic islanders
who arsembled at Venezelos call when
King Constantine was keeping the roy
alist army immobile. Reports have
reached the United States that this
Venezelos army was a thing on paper.
But it is a reality. Pack mules were
just bringing in a stock of refriger
ated quarters of meat, the covers
showing it came from America. A file
of wounded men also passed, each
man lashed to a large panier on the
side of a donkey.
"This is ground formerly held by
the Bui gars," said Colonel Spiliades,
Bye
land Captain I-angenhagon added: "Yes.
the Greeks found the Bulgars here and
swept them back ten miles. It was
one of the hottest fights in this sec
tion, and showed the splendid fight
ing qualities" of the Greeks."
Some of the young troops, recently
mobilized by Venezelos, are begin
ning to arrive. They are a fine look
ing lot of young fellows, like the new
American army.
At the Greek Red Cross hospital
near by, Mme. Arglropoulis, wife of a
Greek cabinet minister, came forward
to greet us. At Athens she Is a leader
of society, but here at the front she
wore the white cap and uniform of a
nurse, and with her daughter is doimt
heroic nursing work for the sick and
wounded. It is a hospital or tents,
with long, double lines of wounded in
each tent
"There is an opportunity for Ameri
can women on this front," said Mme.
Arglropoulis. "We greatly need more
help and would welcome American
women."
The camp of Chinese Annamites was
passed next to the Greeks. It showed
the strange mixture of races fighting
here. These Chinese are from the
French colony of Annam in Indo China,
they are diminitive men, with sharp,
black eyes. But they are good fight
ers and good workers.
At the airplane station, six huge
aerodromes were filled with machines
and on the plain the flyers were soar
ing about as they arrived and de
parted on their recognizances. .
Altogether, this day along the Var
dar front had shown tle thorough
ness of equipment of the French-allied
forces, the enormous construction
of roads, bridges and camp quarters,
the firm grip General Jerome's forces
have on the present lines and the
steady push they are exerting on the
enemy. There was no evidence that
the army of the Orient is going to
withdraw, but every evidence that it
is going to stay.
Development on
Verde Squaw is
Now Encouraging
JEROME. Nov. 17. Conditions in
the Barter tunnel at the Verde Squaw
property, where development work is
now being concentrated, indicate that
an ore body is not far distant. Im
portant news may come from this tun
nel any day.
The diorite footwall has almost en
tirely disappeared and the face of the
tunnel is in white quartz and feld
spar, a perfect matrix of o4A A
little diorite still appears in the floor
:of the tunnel, but it is rapidly play
1 ing out and is being replaced by the
! quartz and feldspar. Even the dio-
:rite, however, is shot through with
iron sulphides and chalcopyrite.
j Green stains and some chalcopyrite
appear in the seams between the
:f;iartz and feldspar.
; Two shifts are being worked in the
'tunnel and from four to five feet of
j progress is made each day.
, This tunnel is being driven to
: crosscut at a depth of approximately
J 400 feet a ledge 150 feet wide which
averages 2 per cent copper on the
surface. The face of the tunnel can
not be more than 70 feet from the
ledge, and it may be much nearer.
For this reason the present develop
ment at the Verde Squaw is being
r.atched with the keenest interest
Experience has proved that . the
plant installed at the mouth of the
Farter tunnel is ideal for this char-l
acter of work. It includes a 30-horse-power
Western engine, 9x8 Ingersoll-
Rand compressor, small blower, and
the necessary blacksmitbing outfit
The work is done with a No. 18 Ley
ner drill and an ordinary jackham-
mer.
Experts who have recently visited
the Verde Squaw have agreed that it
is not only possible but is probable
that the Barter tunnel will opm a
jbig and rich ore body. They are of
the opinion, however, that the Verde
Squaw's biggest and most important
ore body will be developed on the
Boulder claim, about 200 yards to the
north of where development is now
going on.
Seventy feet of 4 per cent ore has
bfen proved on the Boulder claim at
a depth of 30 feet practically n the
surface. The values occur as chal-
cocite and chalcopyrite in schist. Ge
ologists are of the opinion that this
ore will be solid chalcocite at a depth
of not more than 250 feet.
Had the Barter tunnel not been so
close to its goal when the present
company was organized, arrange
ments would have been made to sink
on the Boulder ledge at once. Un
der the circumstances it was deemed
wisest to take the least expensive
course and enlarge the tunnel, then
continue it on into the ledge.
While extending the tunnel with all
possible speed, the management
Is
making plans to sink the proposed I
Boulder shaft. It is possible that
long before next spring another plant
will have been Installed and the shaft
started.
There is nothing of which we are
so liberal as advice. La Rouche-I
foucauld. I
Works
New A rrangemen t
Must Be Made By
the Jerome Verde
Shipments will be discontinued by
the Jerome Verde on December 23,
when the present hoisting contract
with the U. V. Extension expires, un
less a new hoisting arrangement can
be made or ore richer than anything
yet found in the. Maintop claim is en
counter . 1.
Arthur P. Henderson, consulting en
gineer of the Jerome Verde company,
who has been on the ground several
days, is authority for the statement
that It would not pay to tram the
Maintop ore, which averages between
seven and eight per cent copper,
through Extension territory to the
Columbia shaft, hoist it (there and
then haul it to the bins on the Verde
Tunnel & Smelter railroad, more than
a mile away. This extensive hand
ling would eat up the profits.
While the Extension directors were
in Jerome they approved an agree
ment giving the Jerome Verde com
pany permission to lay tracks across
Extension territory, on the . 1400
foot level, from the north drift run
from the Columbia shaft, to the Main
top claim of the J. V. The distance
from the Maintop to the Columbia,
by this route, is approximately 2500
feet
The cost of laying this track would
be considerable, but not as much as
the cost of constructing a road from
the Columbia to the ore bins. For
the present, according to Engineer
Henderson, the Jerome Verde will
not go to this expense.
"We cannot see any way to make
a profit by tramming the Maintop ore
down to the Columbia so we would
rather let it remain where it is than
extract it at a loss," stated the en
gineer today.
"Of course, a great many things
may happen between now and De
cember 23. We may find high-grade
ore in the Maintop claim or it may
be that some arrangement can be
made to continue hoisting through the
Edith shaft"
I The raise made on the Malntou
ore body was discontinued when it
was up 100 feet. At that point the
ore seemed to be growing much leaner
and in the north end of the raise it
bad narrowed to almost nothing. The
Maintop stope has, been carried up on
the raise some thirteen feet and ore
extraction is going forward steadily.
Engineer Henderson says that it is
entirely reasonable to suppose that
part of the Maintop ore is in Exten
sion ground. The south end of the
stope is almost' to- the line. At that
end, however, the' ore is much nar
rower than it is in the middle.
The engineer is hopeful that bodies
similar to the Maintop will be found
farther to the north. "It Is hard to
tell whether this is an independent
body or has merely faulted away," he
explained.
Splendid indications are being found
in the northeast and south drifts from
the 1050-foot level of the Columbia
shaft Both faces are in broken por
phyry and schist with much from sul
phide and an occasional fleck of cop
per. Several days ago the northeast
drift passed throngh a zone very high
ly mineralized with iron sulphide.
Plans are now being made to intersect
this showing about 300 feet below the
floor from which this can be done very
easily, and there are several other
spots in the Workings fro ml which
the ledge can be drifted.
CHAIN LETTERS TO
PEOPLE ARE FROWNED
UPON BY RED GROSS
Chain letters, much In favor for
many purposes in the United States
are not favored by the Red Cross or
other organizations which they are
supposed to benefit In several in
stances they have been misused, and
the Red Cross has appealed to its
various branches to condemn them.
The following letter to the local
branch is self-explanatory:
"To All Chapters in the Pacific Di
vision: "Last February there was a chain
letter started by the French consul at
Seattle appealing to the people for
help in building an American hospital
In Paris for treating wounds of the
face and jaw, and stating that the
Red Cross would give $2,000,000 for
every $18,000 raised.
"The matter never received the
sanction of the Red Cross, and the
above statements were made without
authority.
'The Red Cross does not approve of
chain letters, and we request all chap
ters to give publicity to the fact that
e request no one to respond to such
letters.
MARSHAL, HALE,
"Manager, Pacific Division."
Considering food conditions this
year, it is suggested that on Thanks
giving day every one eat only twice
as much as he ought to, instead of
three or four times as much as!
usual. '
tt
5M
y
The Churches
First Baptist Church.
Sunday school 9:45 a. in.
Morning service 11 a. in. Sermon
cilhiunl "TV, n tf T o ,w,K rtu Da !
uge."
Junior B. Y. P. U. at 6:45 p. m. In
church auditorium.
The young people's monthly union
meeting will be held at Die Presbyte
rian church at 6:30 p. ra.
Evening services 7:45 p. m. Ser
mon subject: "Our Blessed Hope."
Following the evening services the
ordinance of baptism will he admin
istered. All are cordially invited to
attend these services.
F. M. PITTMAX, Pastor.
Presbyterian Church.
Rev. Allan Krichbaum, Acting Pastor.
Sunday school. 9:45 a. m.
Morning worship, 11 a. ni. Sermon
topic: "The Need of Abounding Life."
Young people's meeting 6:::0 p. in.
Evening worship 7:30 p. m. Ser
mon topic: "Standards of Conduct."
Everybody welcome.
Thre will be preaching services at
Warren Sunday morning, November
18th. at 11 o'clock; also at Don Luis
at 7 p. m. The Sunday school meets
at Warren at 10 a. m. and at Don Luis
at 10:30 a. m. All the above services
are in the interest of the"home base."
While we are intensely interested in
the work of the Red Cross and the
Y. M. C. A. for our soldier boys, let
us not lose interest in the fundamen
tal work at home, if democracy is to
be made safe for itself.
A. J. IRWIX, Minister.
The union Thanksgiving services
this year will be held at the Presby
terian church on Thursday, Novem
ber 29th. at 10:30 a. m. and the ser
mon of the occasion will be delivered
by the Rev. C. W. Harshmaq, of the
M. E. church. The proceeds of the
offering will go to the cause of Ar
menian relief.
Christian Science Society.
Christian Science Society of Bisbee,
services every Sunday morning at
11:15 a. m. in the Woman's club build
ing on Quality Hill. Wednesday eveu
Ing at 7:45. The public Is welcome
and invited to attend. Subject for
Sunday, November ISth, "Mortals and
Immortals."
COMMISSIONED IN FRANCE
AMERICAN TRAINING CAMP IN
FRANCE. Nov. 16. (By the Associat
ed Press) Two Americans, after
graduating at. the Fontainbleu artil
lery school, have received commis
sions in French artillery regiments.
They are Alden Brooks, a writer, ami
John Monroe, son of Henry Monroe,
a New York banker.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3374.
Serial No. 036635.
United States Land Office, Phoenix.
October 31, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that R. A.
Bretberton and C. M. Henkel, co-own
ers, whose postoffice address Is Bisbee,
Arizona, have made application for
patent for the following named lode
raining claims, situated in the Warren
Mining District. Cochise county, Arizo
na, in Sections 13 and 14. Township 23
S, Range 24 E, unapproved, G. & S. R.
B. & M.. described as follows, to-wit:
"ROCKLAND" Beginning at corner i
No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence the
Wl-4 cor. sec. 18 T. 23-S. R. 25-E, G. &
S. R. B. & M. bears S.78 58' E. 3233.9
feet; thence N. 83 34' W, 1158.70 feet
to corner No. 2: thence N. 78 20' W,
347.50 feet to corner No. 3; thence N.
2 14' W. 574 feet to corner No. 4:
thence S. 83 34' E. 1.500 feet to cor
ner No. 5: thence S. 2 o4 E. 606 feet
to ctorner No. 1, the place of beginning, '
containing a net area of 18.658 acres, I
expressly excluding area in conflict !
with Survey No. 3158, Rolla lode of j
1.858 acres.
VBLACK BEN." Beginning at cor
ner No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence the
Wl-4 cor. of Sec. 18. T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G.
fJ BLADDER
HuN24 Hours J
! XMJLJ1! v i ct-
yVAVvVWvVvVvVvV ' J
When the Skin Seems Ablaze
With Itching and Burning
There's just one thins: to do.
If your skin seems ablaze with the
fiery burning and itching: of Eczema,
real and lasting relief can only
come from treatment that goes below
the surface that reaches down to
the verr source of the trouble. So
called skin-d iseates come from a dis
ordered condition of the blood, and
the proper treatment is through the
blood.
Search far and near, and you can
Shoe Repair
ing at Regu
lar Prices!
Irerienf
Money
2 Per Cent
$100 TO $2,500 ON
Watches, Diamonds, Automobiles
OR WHAT HAVE YOU ?
BARGAINS IN UNCLAIMED DIAMONDS
BARGAINS IN SECOND-HAND WATCHES
A RELIABLE LOAN DEPT.
UNITED LOAN JEWELRY COMPANY
BREWERY
Before the Rush
AGENTS FOR Now Is the time to make your Holiday pur
chases. You now have the pick of a full, new
s&S line of Watches. Men's Wrist Watches. Dia-
sS, monds. Silverware, French Ivory. Vlctrolaa.
flt 7
Sv Pianos and all Musical Instruments.
AGENTS PARKER'S LUCKY CURVE FOUNTAIN PENS
MAIN STREET, LOWELL
& S. R. B. & M. bears S. 80 03' E. 1 Corona rodes; Survey No. 2221 Shat
4737.2 feet: thence N. 78 20' W. 1150.-1 tuck No. 2; and Survey No. 315S. Car
50 feet to corner No. 2: thence N. 65 ! melita and Corona lodes on the West
23' W. 377.80 feet to corner No. 3; ; Survey No. 1794. Calumet lode,
thence N. 2 04' W. 530.40 feet to cor-, J. L, IRWIN. Register,
ner No. 4; thence S. 78 20' E. 1500 ; First publication, Nov. 7. 1917.
feet to corner No. 5; thence S. 2 04' i Last publication, Jan 16, 1918.
E. 617.60 feet to corner No. 1. the place i .
of beginning, containing a net area of i NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.,
20 112 acres, expressly excluding area Department of the Interior. U. S. Land
in conflict with Sunshine lode of this I Office at Phoenix, Arizona, October
survey of 0.208 acres. I 13. 1917.
"SUNSHINE". Beginning at corner j Notice is hereby given that Freder
No 1. the S. E. corner, whence the W ! ick J. Murrell of Herefbrd, Arizona.
1-4 cor of Sec. 18, T. 23-S., R. 25-E.. G. ! who. on September 1. 1910. made Here
& S. R. B. & M. bears S. 78 51' E. 6.-i ford. Arizona, No. 012016, for NW1-4.
2Kfi feet- thence S. 82 04 W. 959.30 section 28. township 23S., range. 22E,
feet to corner No. 2; thence N. 1 41'
E. 600 feet to corner No. 3; thence N.
81 48' E. 960.10 feet to corner No. 4:
thence S. 1 41' W. 604.50 feet to cor-
ner No. 1. the place of beginning, coa-
......... -
tainins a net area or iz.8tu acres, ex -
pressly excluding aera in conflict with
Survey No. 2412, Apache lode of 0.21.
acres.
The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the office of the Coun
ty Recorder of Coch!se county, Arizo
na, as follows:
Rockland, Book 49, Record of Mines,
page 137.
Biack Ben. Book 49. Record of Mines
page 132.
Sunshine. Book 49. Record of Mines
page 139.
The names Ijf the adjoining claims to
this survey are; on the north. Survey
No. 2412. Apache lflde; Neglected and
Anna, unsurveyed: owned by applicant No. 025782, for wl-2 ne 1-4, sel-4 nwl-4.
herein: Warren lode, un surveyed: on,nwl-4 se 1-4. sec 27; on October IX
the East Survey No. 3158. Rolla lode;
on the South Survey No. 1794, Grenfell
lode; Survey No. 2176, Carmelita and
MAKES
A POOR
COMPLEXION
LOOK BEAUTIFUL
N DA COOL
ONEL00KI
BETTER
Marinello
Phantom Powder
AneeMiitvforFrcninvDma. ItmakrS
fc, Mck. mrm ud kaul look tmUt buuAil.
Ataolataly karalm Tt lmenuiMii ki
Wvnta Mm-burm. PoMtivlrMlMCbd.eta4.
liUwraboa acr to tmu4 ar panpmtlo.
Pfm dtrcnMntfea oa wpHcttfaa m ami tw
! (or ixunpi. mad booUrt."Cno( tba Skis."
McDonalds Marinello 8hop
Phone 305
tv v ' 3
K, i,.....ri.iymttli,w
not find a blood remedy that ap
proaches S. S. S. for real efficiency.
It has been on the market for fifty
years, during which time it has been
giving uniform satisfaction for all
manner of blood disorders. If you
want prompt and lasting relief, you
can rely upon S. S. S. For expeit
advice as to the treatment of yoor
own individual. case, write to-day to
Chief Medical Adviser, Swift Specific
Co, Dept. C Atlanta, Ga.
7m
1 vj
e
lid)
to Loan)
GULCH.
A Small Deposit Will Hold
Any Article in Our Store
Jewelry Shop
G. & S. R. B. & Meridian, has filed
notice of Intention to make five year
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before J. D. Taylor,
C. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona
! . V. J A V.nK 101?
iun i" j
Claimant names as witnesses:
Edward Wilcox, John C. Calhoun.
William A. White. Chas. A. Martin.
All of McNeaL Arizona. .
- J. L. IRVTN.
. , Register.
First Publication October 17. 1117.
025782 C258T
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. 8. land
office at Phoenix. Arizona, October
27. 1917. '
Notice Is hereby given that Ira E.
Loomis of Buena, Arizona, who on Sep
tember 25, 1914, made homestead entry
1914, xl. s Vim I ior 9 i i uei-. um-m
sel-4, sw 1-4 sel-4. sec 27. township 21-S
range 21-e. meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make three year proof, to
establish claim to thel andabove de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor. U. S.
commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, oa
the 4th day of December, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Wm. A. Morris, of Buena. Arizona.
Frank B. Mosoa of Lewis Springs.
Arizona.
Cassius R. Ktrbles. of Buena. Aria.
Paul H. Knoles of Buena. Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN.
Register.
First Publication. Ooctober 30. 1917.
Advert isement-201
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
Of Cochise county. State of Arizona.
Notice tf Hearing Petition In the
matter of the estate of Ellen Maston,
deceased.
Ntoice is hereby given that Elwyn
A. Watkins has filed In this court a
certain document purporting to be the
last will and testament of Ellen Mas
ton, together with his petition praylnx
that said document be admitted to pro-
! bte ta 01,1 """ tt ut riU
i testament of said Ellen Maston. who.
said petitioners alleges, la deceased,
and that letters testamentary tasue
therein to said petitioner, and that
same will be heard on Saturday the
24th day of November. A. D-. 1917. at
10 o'clock In the forenoon of said day.
at the court room of said court, in the
court house, In the city of Tombstone,
County of Cochise. State of Arizona,
and all persons Interested In said es
tate are notified then and there to ap
pear and show cause, if any they have,
why the prayer of said petitioner
should not be granted.
J. E. JAMES. Clerk.
C. 1 Allen. Deputy Clerk.
Dated November 6th. 1917. Adv.-13
NEXT DOOR TO
RACKET STORE FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 18, 1917.
COPPER CAMP IN
NORTH HAS GREA
I
MODERN GROWTH
the strangers within its gates. The
Clarkdale Is Modern In Every
Particular and a Credit to
Any County Town of
Verde Is Next Permanent
Addition
(Special to The Bis bee Review.1
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Nov. 17. The
magic of mining has been well ex
emplified in the Jerome district the
last two years. When Senator Clark
decided to build a new smelter for his
United Verde mine output, he deter
mined at the same time upon the
founding of a model mining town and
practically with the ways of the magic
wajnd of money, Claxlfsdale sprang
Into existence. Today Clarksdale is a
thriving city, but unlike camps of
mushroom growth, it is built to stay
and as long as the big smelter is sup
plied with ore from the mine which
has made Clark many times a million
aire, Clarksdale will grow and pros
per. Many predicted the . death of
Jerome when the other town was pro
jected, but it, too, has prospered be
yond the wildest dreams of its most
ardent boosters, its only handicap now
being lack of space in which to ex
pand. With the copper boom, follow.
ing the graduation, over night of the
United Verde Extension from the pros
pect class into one of the richest red
metal mines in the world, Jerome
found itself, despite a frenzied build
ing program, unable to accommodate
T
ANNOYING
SYMPTOMS
How Heat Flashes, Dizzy
Spells and other Bad Feel
ings at Change cf Life
may ba Relieved.
richmond, Va. "Aflat talcing
seven bottles of Lydia E. Finkhafi's
Vegetable Com
pound I feel like a
new woman. I al
ways bad a headache
during the Change
of Life and was also
troubled with other
bad feelings com
mon at that time
dizzy spells, nervous
feelings and heat
flashes. Now I am
in better health
than I ever was and recommend your
remedies to all my friends. "Mrs. Lena
YYNN, 2812 E. O.Street, Richmond, Va.
While Change cf Life is a most crit
ical period of a woman's existence, the
annoying symptoms which accompany
it may be controlled, and normal health
restored by the timely use of Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
Such warning symptoms are a sense
of suffocation, hot flashes, headaches,
backaches, dread of impending evil,
timidity, sounds in the ears, palpitation
of the heart, sparks before the eyes,
irregularities, constipation, variable &p
nSr . weakness and dizziness.
r..,i J
1 iiWlilll
il'tellll
Thirsii?
then you'll appreciate
the subtle flavor of
FEHR'S
kJ a
A Distinctive Beverage
Delightfully good as
well as remarkably
beneficial.
At hotels, restaurants, drug
ttorrs, crocery Stores foun
tains, and wherever bever-
ays are sold.
Order h by the case from
your dealer
Central Consumers Co.
LOETSVILLE, KLNTUCKT
LT I
hotel and housing problem .became
acute, but despite all private enter
prise cculd or would d j, the "standing
room only" sign was out day and
night.
Before the completion of the United
Verde Extension's smelter, in the early
part of next year, the town of Verde,
near the plant in the valley, will be
under construction. Work will not
begin on the company's second pro
posed town. Walnut Park, on the pro-
back, at the east edge of Jerome be
fore summer, and possibly not then.
Verde is not to be a moving picture
city, built for a day and a night, but
will be constructed of brick. A plant
with a capacity of 20,000 brick a day
ts practically completed and the act
ual burning of brick will soon be un
der way. An architect is now en
gaged drawing plans for the town and
one of the feaures of community life
will be the recreational facilities, in
cluding tennis courts and a baseball
diamond.
And in the meantime the town of
Cottonwood, which had been slumber
ing placidly for many years, awoke
with a start when work commenced on
the U. V. Extension smelter, rubbed
its eyes and begin to take not'ee.
People began to flock in and before
some of the village inhabitants were
aware of the fact, they were part and
parcel of a thriving little city This
in part is what mining has dune for
the Jerome section in but a brief pe
riod, not to mention the great power
plant of th Arizona Power company.
and the town cf Tapco in its wnke,
made recesrt.iy by the demand for
current from ihe numerous properties
't the prospect class which are favor
ably pushing work in the hope of bring
ing in the fourth great producer in
the district.
In the Jerome Verde, the latest mine
broughf. in, in the district, the north'
east or.ft on the 1050 level, from tiie
Columbia is looking better than ever,
ft being run on a qua" porphyry ltMge
that carries consider Able iron, the !r.m
content seemingly &riwinK heav.'c" a..
the time. Tlie company has not been
able to carry out its plan of shipping a
carload a day to the Humboldt smel
ter, because of the congestion around
the Edith shaft of the U. V. Extension
through which the ore is raised, but
already 16 carloads have been dis
patched.
Underground development at the
Verde Combination during the month
of October totaled 557 feet, according
to the report of Superintendent Dave
Morgan. At Calumet and Jerome the
air hoist is now in place at the collar
of the winze, being sunk from the 600
level about 100 feet south of the shaft.
The winze Is now down about 50 feet.
There is no noticeable change in the
formation, which is schist shot through
with chalco-pyrite and white iron. The
southeast crosscut is in a formation
mainly quartz, which carries iron sul
phide and some copper.
MAYER REGION
LOOKSUPWITH
DDAlflKIP iW
N.Ui.llU UIIL
SHOOT IN MINE
Arizona-Binghampton Proves
31 Feet of Excellent Ore on
600 Level All Mines in the
Region Rejoice.
Anaconda Buying
More Stock From
the Inspiration
The report recently that the Ana
conda Copper company had added tc
its holdings of Inspiration is verified
by a high authority of the Anaconda,
according to eastern advices. The
amount of stock purchased is not defi
nitely stated but it was acquired in
the open market. At the end of last
year the Anaconda owned 200,000
shares of Inspiration on which it has
received dividends of $1,600,000.
The expectation is that the Inspira
tion will continue the regular $2 quar
terly dividend at the December meet
ing and as this will swell the income
of Anaconda it is expected that the
latter company will continue to pay
its regular $2 disbursement. Selling
at 56 the yield on the investment, on
an $8 dividend basis, is nearly 14 Vj'7-.
The settling of the oil difficulty for
the Inspiration and the Tooele Smelter"
will benefit both the Anaconda and
the Inspiration as the smelter is owned
by the Anaconda. This will enable
the Inspiration to go ahead with Its
production at capacity and with the
strong cash position of the company
it will have little difficulty in main
taining the regular dividends.
The same conditions are true of
Anaconda, the management of which
has conserved its cash resources or
lias used them to retire the $16,000,000
notes. With the development of the
company's zinc resources and the
building of the copper wire mill, the
Anaconda is becoming more and more
an investment issue. Even if the di
vidend were reduced to a $6 per an
num baRis the return on the Inves-i-uient
at current prices is above XZ'.'r.
Besides the buying of Inspiration by
Anaconda it is understood that the
individual buying has been of the best
and it is said that large blocks of
the stock have been taken out of the
market as a permanent investment.
MYERS, DARLING & HILTON CO.
Wholesale Distributors.
at- It 1
The RKR Mining company is ar
ranging to enlarge the capacity of the
reduction plant at Patagonia and ca
pacity for production from 100 tous
of ore daily to 200 tons. To that end
there will be installed at once an air
coiiiprensor and machine drills, a
number of new com-eiitraMng table;),
etc. That wifl Increase Ihe power
service given the company by the Ari
zona Gag & JJlectric company at No-gales.
RE EW WANT ADa
BRING QUICK RESULTS
MAYER, Ariz., Nov. 17. Thirty-one
feet is the width of the new sho t of
ore on the 600-foot level of the Ari
zona Dinghampton mine, ea.-t of this
camp, and the average value is g'ing
to be high enough to warrant ship
ping a large part of it to the smelter.
The company has not yet decided
whether to start the shipments of high
gruta aain to ll'irrboMt or u tKe
vph gr-.:ie with rhe lower emtio io
bring up the heads in the flotation
mill. The crosscut on the 6M level
has cut through one of the strongest
veins of ore to be found in the s'ate.
It is a continuation of the same vein
that has been cut through on all of
the upper levels. It settles for good
the permanency of the ore bodies in
this mine and in fact in the whole
copper mountain district. It has iut
new life into the newer companies
which are developing properties in
this whole Mayer section. Mine Su
perintnedent Chaney, who has been
in charge of the Binghampton mine
only six months, is the man who stu
died out the formation of the mine
and found the ore. Now that the fo:
mation of the mine under ground ha3
been "read" it will be an easier mat
ter, according to Superintendent Cha
ney, to follow down the several ore
bodies in the mine and the knowledge
he has learned will be of great heir
to other developing companies in the
same district.
Tie Rio Tonto Mining company has
been organized to take over the Paf
ton copper mine which is located a
short distance south of the Binghamp
ton and Copper Queen mines. It was
owned by John Patton and Warren
Davis of Mayer. W. D. Mahoney and
P. J. Mclntyr of Jerome are the
principals in the new deal. Extensive
work is to begin within 60 days. The
property is well developed and consid
erable high grade and milling ore has
been exposed. The company will be
sufficiently financed to carry out ex
tensive development work. The prop
erty shows the extension of some of
the ore veins that have been founa
on the 'big mines north. The officers
of the company are: President. P. J
Mclntyre; vice president, J. W. clones
of Kingman, and secretary treasurer,'
W. D. Mahoney.
The Copper Mountain Mines compa
ny is working a force of a dozen men
at the old Stoddard mine on the north
end of Copper mountain. A gas hoist
has been installed and one of tha old
shafts is being retimbered. This com
pany is a reorganization of the old
S1oddard Copper company, which op
erated extensively a quarter of acen
tury ago. The new company is capi
talized for 5,000,000 shares, par value
$1.00. The old mine is one of the
best developed on Copper mountain,
with many shoots of high grade and
milling ore exposed which were de
veloped when only rich ore could be
handled. The close affiliation of this
company with the Arizona Iiinsaanip
ton, a mile north, in the management
will mean that the experience ot de
veloping the lower workings of the
Binghampton will be used in the ex
tensive development of the Stod
dard mine. Celora Stoddard is
president and general manager of the
new company. Senator Reynolds, ot
New York, is vice president, and M.
A. Pickett, of Phoenix, is secretary and
treasurer. !
There are increasing indications ol
ore in the tunnel that is being run on
South Copper Mountain by the- Monle
de Cobra Copper company. This is
the mine that was taken over taut
summer by W. A. Tucker, John Ross
and James Smith, of IIikIm o. The tun
nel is being run to tap a strong vein
of copper that was followed dowa in
a shaft 60 feet. The formation has
changed and some chah-opyri'e has
appeared in the last drillings.
The announcement made by the
Black Canyon Mining company that
a flotation niiil is to be erec ted a, the
mine five miles below Turkey niens
a great deal to this high grade silver
lead camp. The mine was originally
located by J. D.. Thompson, of I'res
cott, eight years ano shortly after he
had reported favorably on the El Ti-
gre gold mine in Mexico. It as
Thompson's report that induced the
Kansas City and liisbee people to buy
the property which lias since develop
ed into a big dividend payer Thomp
son partly developed this Black Can
yon mine himself and then sold it to
the present Kansas t'ily owners. They
have run a drift about S'0 tee) oil Hie
main ore body which has opened into
a strong vein from 8 to lt feet with
with a milling grade, of ore .100 feet
long and the face of (lie drift is "'ill
in ore. The ImjkI outi rop is pliout 100
feet ahead of the present drift lace
There is about 300 feet of good ston
ing ore above the drift. The ore
makes an excellent flotation proposi
tion. The officers of tie company!
are: President, W. A. Moses; vice
president, A. L. Marroun, an J secre-j
tary. Edna Harroun, of Kansas City.:
Claude Baker is general manager. .
There are several excellent partly de-1
veloped silver-lead properties In this '
same district.
Kennecott Mines
Increase Output
But Stock Falls
Most copper stocks have suffered
considerable declines marketwise dur
ing the past several weeks, Kennecott
being no exception to the general rule,
declining fi'om above 50 earlier in the
year to around 26. There was some
talk that the Kennecott might find it
necessary to reduce its $6 per share
dividend now being paid 'on its out
standing stock because of the large
amount of money that must necessar
ily be paid to the government in taxes
From authoritative sources, however,
It Is learned that the conmanv has a
sufficient amount of cash on hand, ev
en after making a liberal allowance for
the government outlay, fo considerably
more than meet its 'dividend obliga
tion without in any way altering tne
current rate.
It was succested that Derhans the
action of the government as regards
prices for copper at the first of the
year when the present schedules out
lined by the covernment expire may
have an important bearing on this
nhasft of the situation. There exists
a diversity of opinfjn as to the price
that the government win regard as es
sential at that time although some
careful observers strongly maintain
that it will be higher. .
It was argued that this would be
the most logical s:ep to be expected
because of the higher wages now be
ing paid and also any increase in earn
ings will mean a larger income return
.'jr the government in the form of tax
es. The Kennecott has always been
recognized as a low cost producing
property but because of the increased
cost of all classes of materials, higher
wages, etc., its production outlay have
been swollen materially.
The direcors of the Kennecott do
not meet to take action on the divi
dend for about four weeks and it was
pointed out today that so much can
happen in the meantime, either of a
beneficial or adverse character as to
render any kind of a prediction as to
.be action of the board out "ot the ques
tion. The general belief in well in
formed circles is that no change will
be made in the rate. . ,
Both the Alaska and South Ameri
can mines of the Kennecott Copper
Corporation in October showed an in
crease in output over .the previous
months as far back as May tor Alas
Kan mines and July for the Braden. It
as learned today that from this time
on, there will be a substantial Increase
in the output by the Braden mine as
the company's facilities for handling
the raw product are about to be in
creased from 4,500 tons a day to 6,000.
Later on this capacity will also be in
creased fi'Jiu time to time by a liberal
amount.
Oilicials of the company estimate
that the Btaden's output will be from
25 to 30rc greater beginning witu the
current month than it has been thus
far this year. This would indicate a I
monthly output of. something like 7,-j
000,000 pounds monthly. 4t is not ex-
pected that there will be any material j
change in the output figures by the!
Kennecott mines proper in Alaska, the
current product.'jn being about on a
parity with the average monthly out
put thus far in the current calendar
year, save the strike period June,
July when there 'as a considerable
falling off.
During ihe first ten months of the
present year the Tvennecitt Copper j
Corporation produced 116,694,0000 lbs. :
of copper fiom its mines in Alaska and
South America. Of this total 66,326,- j
0O0 lbs. were produced in the Alaska i
mine and 5O,368.0"0 lbs. fi'jm the Bra- '
den mines in South America.
jl!
fi tL..i
J
1
WATER
HE A TING
EY
GAS
ill m.
The process of heating water for domestic purposes has been rev
olutionized in the past few years through the introduction and
perfection of gas fired water heaters, until today it is no longer a
a problem to secure an abundance of hot water quickly and econo
mically, in any dwelling, large or smalL
Today, in the countless thousands of homes where gas fired water heaters are in
stalled, an abundance of hot water is available for any purpose. By some types of heat
ers the water is heated instantly at the turn of a faucet, by others, within a few min
utes after lighting the heaters, and all without labor, inconvenience or discomfort, ind
at a reasonable cost for gas.
LET US SHOW YOU
Btsbee Improvement Co.
MONEY SET ASIDE TO
FIGHT TUBERCULOSIS
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico,. The sura
of $100,000 will be set aside by the'
government to fight tuberculosis and
to build two hospitals for the treat
ment of that disease, if the joint res
olution introduced by Messrs. Susoni
and Sein is enacted. In the preamble
to the resolution it is stated that tu
berculosis is spreading to an alarm
ing extent throughout the island. The
resolution proposes that the superior
board of health should adopt iron-clad
regulations dealing with the segrega
tion and care of all tubercular pa
tients, rich and poor alike, along the '
lines of the regulations for smallpox
patients, lepers and others, suffer
ing from infectious or contagious diseases.
ALL ABOARD!
for good boards, beams, timbers
and lumber of any kind. This
is the place where such thing
are bought by builders who
know their business. Give m
your next order and you'll
know why. The difference In
the quantity of lumber needed
and the time and money thus
saved will amaze you.
Bishee Lumber Company, in
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL CAR 8TOP.
PHONE 25.
Some people won't sign the food
pledge card because they think they
lave displayed their patriotism suffi
ciently by showing the American flag.
Tell Your Wife
CornsLift Off
Doesn't hurt a 4it to lift corns
or calluses off with finger
SUITS
Mivtoszo
MADE
TO
ORDER
Remember, these suits
are made from genuine
$25 materials.
Every thread guaran
teed Strictly All Wool
with a satisfactory fit or
your money back.
WE WAKE A SPECIALTY OF
LADIES' ALTERATIONS.
D. H. Evans
BREWERY GULCH
Opposite Uncle Jim's
mm
OF FIRE BURNING
OR BURGLARS
Stealing your private papers and valuables when you
shut the home for the summer.
There's Absolute Safety for both when protected
by our modern vaults
Private safes rent for $500 and up 'early.
Think this over then see.
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street.
Will E. McKee, President.
Bisbee, Arizona.
C. A. McDonald, Cashier.
Not a twiugo of pain or j
soreness before applying, j
or afterwards. : This may
sound like a , dream to
corn-pestered men and wo
men who have been cut
ting, tiling and wearing
torturous planters. Yes!
t'orne lift out and calluses
peel on as if by magic.
A small bottle of frecz-
one costs but a few cents
at any drug store. Apply
a few drops directly upon
your tender corn or cal
lus, and instantly the sore
ness disappears; then
shortly the c.irn or callus
will be m loose that it
lifts off.
Freezone dries instant
ly. It doesn't cat out the
or n or calliiK. but jut
vels it up so it lifts
away without even Irritating the sur
rounding hkin. Women should keep
a tiny bottle handy on the dresser and
never let a corn or callux ache twice.
ft
Closing Out Odds and Ends
IN
Men's Suits
$12 to $15 Values Now
$6.95
GARO&GO. 20 Brewery Gulch
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best ol everythina at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
EVE NERVE GLASSES
Study and much re
search work sine
t 1892, is the cause ot
my successful practice
In Bisbee. Dr. K.
Gluze, Neutrologtst,
Room 1, Maze Bldg., Thone, Office
156, Residence, Black 420.
CHICHESTER S PILtS
frJJJC- Villa la Ur4 ml U mmllKW
Vv T.J3 !-.., l ith HI Kil4. y
T: VyI T . rf j v
r' - ijr rvr A.'-triii.'ifVvjra
v Jy l t MSI rAM j-ii i.s
IT' F3 w'wiiIp,Sf-.AIvtfrtti m
r SOLD BV PJJIGGR TS EVfRWiHLRf
WIS
Yea Can Get 5,000 to 10,000 More Miles
out of them by using Gates Half Sole Tires.
V will put them on tor you and change your old tires
into new ones at about one-half the price you would
have to pay for new tire. '
Your tire comes Into our plant, worn and scarred
from service, and we deliver it back to you the Mine
tint made oversize and with a brand-new non-skid
tread of fresh rubber. Not a, square inch of. your old.
tire will be in sight, am! you will not be. able to tell It
from a new tire. v
GATE STJ RES
Ar ahtrlutrlv tatmntord lot XSno mile M wrar wrftbmrt a
rliactwrai arvl mmv user arc averaging from a.&O to 10.0IW milrt.
m canrv art Ihn kind ol guaranteed &ervtcc tmm any tire on th
market without paying two or thm tiicn the cott.ot a Cain
Half-Sot Tir. . -
LET US SHOW YOU .
Don't throw away another worn tinp until von have Invettigaifd
the ' .itc Halt Sol.-. II vouar paving Ihe lire tMib you will b r
ten.t?d and we are reafv to ihow you how Io keep m vnur own
rorket a pat of the cost ol new lire and get better tir tervke
run vou havt ever had bvlor. W guarar M.
LOWELL MOTOR CO.
T r THE BLSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVtMBER 18, 1917.
FTVF
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
lame, with a Biinimnm charge of S5 centa. Advertisements must reach Th
Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion in the next morning paper
Wanted
WANTED To rent a three or four
room furnished house In Warren.
Address P. O. Box 1275. Bisbee. 230
WANTED Five bright capable ladles
to travel, demonstrate and sell deal
ers. $25 to $50 per week. Railroad
fare paid. Goodrich Drug Company.
Department 131, Omaha, Neb. 345
WANTED TO excnange a washing
machine for a wood and coal range.
Address M. B. Review. 217
WANTED To buy six black minorca
pullets or year old hens. C. J. B. Re
view. 268
WANTED To buy modern home, 7
rooms, good location. Box 321 city.
211
WANTED To rent 5 or 6-room un
furnished house in Warren. Phone
H. H. Riley, care Central Pharmacy.
209
WANTED Typewriting to do at home
of evenings. Box 1370, Bisbee Ar
izona. 760
WANTED Telegraphers, stenograph
era, bookkeepers; students earn
board, room tuition. Msckay Busi
ness College. Los Angeles. 789
For Sale
FOR SALE Three 4 beds, springs,
mattress, one 2 burner oil stove, one
3 burner with oven. Back EL Paso
House, Brewery avenue. 258
FOR SALE A bargain. One 5 passen
ger touring car and 1 1917 Ford, if
taken at once. Bropby Garage A
Supply Co.. Lowell. - 297
FOR SALE Twelve stool lunch coun
ter. A money maker. Owner must
seek lower altitude. Inquire at
striped tent Lowell. 701
FOR SALE Some real values in low
priced furniture. Call 55 Roberts
ave. after 5 p. ta. 158
FOR SALE 4 room furnished house,
57A O. K. street Phone Black 685.
261
FOR SALE 6 I'Jom bouse, close in,
$1,000 cash, balance easy. Apply to
M. C. High. 236
FOR SALE 3 -room house, pantry,
chicken house and pen, rear of wa
ter tank, Miller HilL Call Tom
Bank, Bisbee. 128
FOR SALE 6 room house and furni
ture, $500 cash, balance like rent
Opera Drive. Apply to M. C. High.
236
FOR SALE Lunch room and soda
water fountain, very low rent. Have
good reason for selling. Will stand
investigation. Address Box 3074.
Lowell, Ariz. 248
FOR SALE Shoe shop in prominent
mining camp up-to-date machinery,
in perfect condition, good chance for
a good shoemaker. For information
call at Review Office. F. N. 249
FOR SALE 160 acres, good farming
land. E. Sulger, C. ft A. Office, War
ren. 116
FRESH. RIPE TOMATOES, for can
ning, 5c per pound, at my ranch near
Naco. Will deliver if quantity is
ordered. Chase L. Purdy. 300
FOR SALE Two houses. 40 fruit
trees, chickens, running water, both
houses and orchard, eighteen acres
land. Upper Tombstone Canyon.
Cheap for quick sale. Box 567.
288
FOR SALE or Exchange, 9 acres at
Perris, Calif., 4 acres in olives, bal
ance under cultivation, 6 room
house, barns and chicken houses.
Fine well with windmill. Price
$5,000. H. R. Y., care Review 293
FOR SALE Cheap, excellent express
or Farm horse, wagon and harness.
Will consider best offer. Inquire T.
G. Mort, Don Luis. 223
FOR SALE 1916 Oakland six, cheap.
Al condition. Apply G. J. Ellis, flor
ist . 224
PETEY DINK Oh, She's Working in a Boiler Factory!
Ml5S BcovjdV.
For Sale.
FOR SALE 20 tons of native hay in
O. K. condition at Driscoll ranch on
county road, 3 miles east of Here
ford. ( 234
FOR SALE Seven passenger Paige
automobile. Been run 6,000 miles.
For sale cheap. Cash or terms. Sam
Musser, Auto Stand Phone 366. 282
FOR SALE or trade," 160 acres alfalfa
or cattle land with 300 inches water
from river. Bargain for quick sale
or trade. R. P. Radich, Box 3086,
Lowell, Ariz. - 266
FOR SALE CHEAP Good coal and
wood range with water back, cost
new $65. Thirty-five dollar gas stove
practically new. Address Box 792,
Warren Arizona. 236
FOR SALE 6 rooms and bath in !
Quarry canyon, near convent, v in
take auto in trade. M. S. care Review
220
FOR SALE: Piano in good condition.
$100 if taken at once. G. T. Garcia.
182 Naco Road. 214
For Rent
FOR RENT Garage, Quarry Canyon.
Close in, large enough for- two cars.
Phone 608. -225
FOR RENT Furnished four room
house, quiet family of adulU
preferred: 123 Quarry Canyon. 259
FOR RENT Four room furnished
house. Mrs. Hanley. 170 Opera
Drive. 215
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
PAT CLE ART, painter. Membei
Builders' Exchange. Box 1495. 347
Miscellaneous
EXPERT paper hanger and painter. C.
J. Brandt Phone 456, Box 150. 579
WE do general house cleaning, solder
ing, plumbing, repairing furniture,
stoves and painting. Phone 742, Gim
enes. Reasonable pr'ces. 52
Money To Loan.
$50,000 to loan on improved city prop J
ertv or for buildine. on easv term?
of payment T. A. Hughes, ovei j
Bank of Bisbee 697
i
SMALL quick loans on your oersonal
note to salaried men and, women, al
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building. 16
Agents
AGENTS $125 weekly Something!
new. Saves up to 50 of gasoline j
Nearlv everv auto owner will buv
Greatest seller on earth. Sold on'
mnnn hurV imirantoo Partlr-nlarR
money back guarantee. Particulars
free. Stransky Mfg. Co., Pukwana,
South Dakota. 231
AGENTS $125 weekly. Something
new. Saves up to 50 of gasoline
Nearly every auto owner will buy.
Greatest seller on earth. Sold or
money back guarantee. Particular
free. Strantsky Mfg. Co., Pukwana
South Dakota. 229
Salesmen
SIDE LINE MEN Do jou want a real
one that one order a day will pay I
you $9 No sarnies to carry. Some- j
thing new. 'Write today. CAN-i
FIELD MFG.. CO.. 208 Sigel St., Chi !
cag'j. III. 227 i
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Boy for shop work. Applj I
Brophy Oarage ft Supply Co. 29 ,
LEARN actual autc repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A, Los Angeles Cat uernlan Papers, me list includes:; B g. M Dears Soutn gl. 2r 30
alog free. L,leut ernw Moss of Crefeld. East 4r5 feet; thence South 32 23'
.ith 47 machines to his credit; Cap j west 974.10 feet to Corner No. 2, the
HELP WANTED Applications fot ( tain Rnolke, with 4; Lieutenant. Southeast Corner; thence Nbrth 59"
"Review" routes asked for from . Wolf. 33; Lieutenant Schafor. 30; j 48' West 581.40 feet to Corner No. 3.
WIDE AWAKE boys between 13 and j Lieutenant Almenroeder, 30; Lieuten- the Southwest Corner; thence North
JSyearaold. 126 ant Puchthofen. 24; Lieutenants Wint-j 32 25 East 974..10 feet to Corner No.
- 1 -gens aud Baldamus. 18 each; Lieu-'4. the Northwest Corner; thence
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS ' tenant Frankel, 17; Lieutenant Im South 69 48' East 581.40 feet to Cor-
1 i -.NoJ Kkiow MatfX i'i. TMERE.
y VLt WWsa FAvna.CTlTuAt S TRMt J Witt Vot KJowTTLiFff r y S TT 0"OKK VlTH Mf . I Wf TS -I
Female Help Wanted
WANTED First class white cook. Ap
ply Mrs. E. E. EHinwood. 231
WANTED Middleaged woman to do
cooking and general housework for
family of two. Would like refer
enres as to reputation. Price paid
vcill be in accordance to ability at
this kind of work. Address Box 1.
Naco. Ariz. 228
WANTED Chambermaid.
Hotel.
Victoria
157
WANTED Maid for
work. Phone 17.
general hOuse
77 WANTED First class cook, a white
woman, also laundress, Monday and
Tuesday preferred. " Phone 77. 76
Positions Wanted
WANTED Position by experienced
girl in store Vr chamber work in ho
tel. M. K. D., Review. 251
WANTED Positions for experienced
office girl and stenographer. Y. W.
C. A. 250
WANTED Position in office, 6 years
experience as bookkeeper. Best of
references. G. E. Williams, Gen. Del.
Lowell, Ariz. 267
WANTED Position by practical
nurse. Phone Red 478. Mrs. Heath.
270
i .
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Large furnished house
keeping or batching rooms, no hills.
Custom HVmse. Phone Green 696
253
FOR RENT 2 furnished rooms for man
and wife. Metz Car Stop. J. E.
Cain. 257
FOR RENT Few rooms newly finish
ed; Ozark Rooming and Boarding
bouse, for $5.00 per month; ten more
boarders wanted. 71 Brewery Gulch.
Bert Clement proprietor. 256
FOR RENT Nice Sunny front room
suitable for one or two gentlemen.
93C Youngblood Hill. 251
FOR RENT 2 housekeeping l'joms, 49
O. K. street. 220
M00S3 HOTELi Furnished rooms
$2.00 per week and up. 405
FOR RENT 3 furnished rooms inquire
Bisbee Furniture Co.. O. K.' st 265
j FOR RENT Furnished rooms, Mrs.
I Williflmn fil Wnlqh nvp - hack OT
Brewery Gulch Lumber yard. 283
FOR RENT Two nicely furrished
housekeeping rooms. Apply 283 1
School Hill or Thone Black 587 231 j
:
i TrfT ti tt t m n i . ; . i A '
FOR RENT 2 nicely furnished house- (
keeping rooms. 12 Jiggerville. 295 i
j FOR RENT 2 rooms, nicely furnished j
I for housekeeping, Balgay House, 153 !
Temby avenue. 294
FOR RENT 2 housekeeping rooms
with bath, 105 School Hill. 298
pttj bpvt mnrii fm-niahori wtnmu
Table board if desired. Gas heat i
nJ .-!,. !!,. f K., To - r..l. !
st. Warren. Mrs. Russell. 299 !
FOR RENT Furnished rooms; house
keeping or batching, 176 Naco Road.
Holbrook stop. 216
LEADING GERMAN
AVIATORS NABBED
BY ALLIES AIRMEN
"
(B Revjew w,
., x.
PARIS- Nov- (Correspondence of
'-lie Associated I'ress). Thirty Ger
i man military aviators, each of whom
I brought down four or more of theirj
I adversaries, according to the German I
count, have been destroyed by the en-'
tente allies' airmen during the past '
year, as established by information;
c"llet:U,d from tne mortuary column'
melmann and Lieutenant Dassenbach
14 each; Second Lieutenant Nathaniel
14; Second Lieutenants Festner and 1 ner No. 1, the place tf h-ginning; coa
Pfeiffer and Lieutenants Manschott.1 tainlng a total area ot 12.992 acre
Hohndorf. Arigi and Tutschaat, I2'l2xpres.jly excluding area In conflict
each; Lieutenants Von Kendall. Kir- with Don Miguel No. 1 lode of this sut
mier, Theiller and Serfert, H each; vey. of 0.084 acres, and Survey No.
Lieutenant Thulzer and Captain Behr,
19 ech; Lieutenants Leffers and'and Don Miguel No. 4 lode of this sur-
Schulte, 9 each; Ueutenant Parschen
and Second Lieutenant Schilling, 8
each; Second Lieutenant Inimelmann,
6; Lieutenant RieBinger, i.
The records of the airplanes shot
down by these men are contested
here since the Germans are held to
have counted every adversary ma
chine that left the air during a fight
without assuring themselves that it
had been destroyed.
ANOTHER FOOTBALL VICTIM
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WILSONV1LLE, Neb. Nov. 15. Roy
Groues, a seventeen year old Wllson
ville high school boy, died here today
of injuries received recently in a high
school football game.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3277. Serial No.
036120. United States Land Office,
Phoenix, Arizona, August 31, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Alfred
Paul, whose post Office address is
Douglas, Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the following
named lode mining claims, situate lb
the Warren Mining District Cochise
County, Arizona:
"Don Mlgnel"
Beginning at Corner NO. 1, tht
Southeast Corner, whence the Wesi
quarter Corner of Section 30, Town
ship 23, South, Range 25 East G. ft S
R. B. ft M. bears South 85 36' Easi
4941.1 feet: thence North 69 39' Wesi
1500 feet along lines 1-5 and Z-3 Sur
vey No. 2244, South Side and Gold Ha
lodes, respectively, to Corner NO. 2
the Southwest Corner; thence NorU
32 25' East 467.50 feet .to Corner No
3; thence South 68 46' East 664.31
feet along line 8-2 and 4-5 Survey No
17S1 Cave lode and Survey No. 224'
Gold Hill lode, respectively to Cornet
No. 4; thence North 43 52' Eas.
163.20 feel along lines 2-1 and C6 o'
Survey No. 1781. Cave lode and Sui
vey N o. 2244. Gold Hill lode, respec
Uvely, to Corner No. 5; thence Souti
69 38' 30 Ea.si 654.30 feet a lorn
i lines 3-2 and 6-1 Survey Nt). 1953 Bryei
j lode and Survey No. 2244 Gold Hil
. . " " '
east torner: wence South 4
J tas' 26.40 feet to Corner No. 7,
,,lenre Soucn s2' 25' w'est ?91- fot
10 Corner No. 1, the plaec Of the bv
gtnmn;g containing a total arr-a ' .
17.917 acres. The presumed course o.
I the vein on . this claim Is from tht
West end center South 69. 39. jg,
t enn feet
"Don Miguel No. 1"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the
Northeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30, Town
nipD2' Su' Range 2U5 f.Bt.?; S
R- B. & M. Dears BOUth 86 37 taSl
?.98" h?n l " Vl
west 08 xeei to corner r.o. i, mi
Southeast Corner; thence North 69'
52' West 886 feet to Corner No. 3
identical with Corner No. 3 Survey No
2244 South Side lode; thence North
I 48 52' West 614.60 reet along lines 3-4
and 1-5, Survey No. 2244, South Side
ana survey iso. ziss. worren loaes
respectively, to Corner No. 4, the
I Southwest Corner; thence North 32
i 25 East 364 40 feet to Corner No. 5
the Northwest Corner; thence South
i 69 39' East 1506 40 feet to Corner
1 No. 1, the place ot beginning; contain
ing a total area of 18.277 acres. Ex
pressly excluding area In conflict
with Survey No. 1917, Bangor Lode ot
0.123 acres. The presumed course oi
the vein on this claim Is from the East
end center North 68 26' West 1499.1
fet
"Don Miguel Nt). 2."
tlTTl". "Tl .v.- "
quarter Corner of Section 30, Town-
shlp 23 South. Range 25 East G. & S
LEGAL NOTICES.
2019 Little Mary lode of 2.527 acres.
vey ot 0.866 acree. The presumed
course ot the vein on this claim Is
from the North end center South 32
25' West 974.1 Teet
"Don Miguel No. 3"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the
Southeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30, Town
ship 23 South, Range 25 East O. A 8.
R. B. ft M. bears South 82 16' East
4606.1 feet; thence NJrth 59 48' West
176.80 feet to Corner No. 2. the South
west Corner; thence North 4 49'
West 906.80 feet to Comer No. 3. the
Northwest Corner; thence South 69'
48' East 176.80 feet to Corner No. 4
the Northeast Corner;; thence Snutn
4 49' East 906.80 feet to Corner No,
1. the place of beginning; containing
a total area of 3.014 acres. Expreasi
excluding area In conflict with Survej
No. 1953 Bryen lode exclusive of lb
conflict with Survey No. 2244 Bisb
Quen No. 2 lode t)f 1.403 acres. Tht
presumed course of the vein on thl
claim Is from the North end centei
South 4 49' East 906.8 feet.
"Don Miguel No. 4."
Beginning at Corner No. 1, tht
Northeast Corner, whence the Wes.
quarter Corner of Section 30, Ttiwn
ship 23 South, Range 25 East G. ft S
R. B. ft M. bears North 75 35' Eas
3334.5 feet; thence South 51 17
West 631 60 feet to Corner No. 2, thi
Southeast Corner; thence North 63
.'2' West 1018.20 feet along line 2-3
Survey No. 2244. Bisbee Queen lode t
Corner Nta. 3; thence North 48 56
West 447 feet to Corner No. 4,. th
Southwest Corner; thence North 51
17' East 500 feet to Corner No. 5, thi
Northwest Corner; thence South 56
55' East 1500 feet to Corner No. 1
the place of beginning; containing t
total area of 18.913 acres, expressly ei
dudlng area In conflict with Survc
No. 2172 Lena lode of 0.043 acres. Th.
presumed course of the vein on thi;
claim Is from the East end centei
North 66 55' West 1500 feet
"Don Miguel No. 6."
Beginning at Corner No. 1, th.
southeast Corner, whence the Wes-
quarter Corner of Section 30, Town
bip 23 South .Range 25 East G. ft t
H. B. ft M. bears North 70 23' Ea
1844.8 feet; thence North 87 11' Wes
148 90 feet to Comer No. 2, the South
west Corner; thence North 60 13
West 16.50 feet along lines 1-6 and 2 :
Survey No. 2186 Marquette No. 1 hbd
and Survey No. 2244 Bisbee Queen No
i lode respectively, to Corner No. 3
rhence North 48 56' West 1001.00 fee
dlong Hues 6 5 and 3-4, Survey No
.5186, Marquette 1 lode and Survey No
J244, Bisbee Queen No. 3 lode respec
tively, to Corner No. 4, the Northwea
Corner; thence South 87 11' Eas
127.10 feet to Corner No. 5, the Norn,
cast Corner; thence South 48 6t
East 915.30 feet along line 5-6 Surve.
No. 2244 Bisbee Queen No. 3 lodo t
Corner No. 6; thence SOuth 56 55
East 120.10 fet along line 6-1 Surve:
No. 2244 Bisbee Quen No. 3 lode t.
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning
containing a total area of 1.849 acres
expressly excluding area In confllc
with Don Miguel No. 4 of this survc.
jf 0.827 acres. The presumed cour.
jf the vein on this claim Is from th.
South end center North 48 56' We
1013.1 feet
The locations notices of said claim
are recorded in the office of the COul
y Recorder of Cochise County. An
tona, as follows:
"Don Miguel." Book 54 Record o
Mines, paso 402;
"Don Mifuel Nt). 1," Book 54 Re.
ord of Mines, page 403;
"Don Miguel No 2," Book 54, Recor.
of Mines, oaae 404
ord of Mines, page C5;
"Don Miguel NO. 4 Book 54, Rei
ord of Mines, page 406;
"Don Miguel No. 5." Book 54. Re.
ord ot Mines, page 407;
The names ot the adjoining claim
are: On the north the "Cave," "Be.
tie Mary" and "Mascot" lodes; 01
the South, "Edith "Lena," "Marquett'
1," "COra." "Bangor." "Buffalo." "Cli
cus" and "Warren" lodes; on the Eas
Little Elsie.' "Little Mary" an.
"Ocatea" lodes; 00 the West "Las
Chance" lode.
J. L. IRVIN, Register.
First Publication, Sept 23. 1917
Last Publication. November 30. 1917
Lodge
BISBEE LODGE. NO. 718.
leets every Friday night. Moose HaU.
laltlug brother! cordially Invited.
V. R. TONKIN. Dictator.
KAY ROSS. Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANIC.
Meets In Medlgovicn
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month
Visiting brothers wel
come.
F. D. LANE. Councillor.
f. L. BENTON. Recording Secretary
LOYAL. ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
U O. L. NO. 21(1
Meet In L a
O. r. Hall first
and third
MONDAY
st 7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to it
tend.
1EO SLEEMAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, f. O. E, meets
irst and third MONDAYS. 8. p. tn
Cagles Holt Visitors cordially wel
ome.
tICHARD DAVIS, President
a L. EDMONSON. Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rath bone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall st 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially Invited.
'RANK BRUNING, C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM. K. of R. S.
LEGAL NOTICES
021399-026606
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
department of the Interfcr, U. 3. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, October
6, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Casimir
i. Williams of Ft Huachuca, Arizona,
vho, on February 24, 1913, made home
tead entry. No. 021399. for Nl-2. NE1-4
U-2 NW1-4. Sec. 34 and Addl H. E
26606, for Sl-2 SE1-4. Sl-2 SW1-4, Sec.
it. township 22S. range 21E. G. ft S , R. j
j. a uienuiuu, naa uicu uuuee ui uiwu- -
ion to make tnree year proot. 10 es
abllsh claim to the land above de-j
scribed, before J. D. Taylor, U. S. Com-1
nissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the
list day of November 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Chester A. Nelson, William A. Lytle, '
'arl Carlson, Gerrit Whitefoot, all of
lereford, Arizona. I
; J. Ii IRVIN.
Register,
'irst Publication, October 16. 1917
ast Publication. November 20, 1917.
024329.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
)epartment Of the Interior, Z. S. Land ,
Office at Phoenix. Arizona, October;
6. 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Julius
Z. Haase, of Hereford. Arizona, who.
n March 4, 1914, made homestead en-'
ry. No. 0Z4DZ9 tor sei-4 section is,
fownship 23S. Range 22E.. G. ft S. R.
1. ft Meridian, has filed notice of in-j
ention to make three year proof, to es-1
ablisli claim to ths land above de-
icribed, before J. D. Taylor, U. S. Com-t
uissioner. at Bisbee, Arizona, on the
.'0th day of November, 1917. .
Claimant names as witnesses:
Herman Haase, Samuel C. Giles. !
Leslie Wilcox, Frank C. Cobbe, all of :
Hereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First Publication. October 16. 1917
Ijr Pnhliratinn Vovpmhor ?1. 1917-
t
if Mil
Notices
WEEK ENDING NOV. 24. 1917.
Monday.
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
'Friday
, Saturday.
N. C. BLEDSOE. W. M.
R T. WATKINS, Secy. F. ft A. SL
A. M. COLWELL, JE. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. L ML
J. E. FRY. E. C.
F a DAVENPORT. Secretary Charter
and Commaadery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary CormcfL
r.r.m.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medigo
vlch HaU. Visit-
Ing members cordially invited.
PHIL. DAVIS. President.
MRS. C. E. F1N OTTI, Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, Red.
KATHER1NE SALHOLM. Secretary.
LODGE NO. 671.
Resular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
R E. WARNER. Exalted Rnler.
J. A. KELLY, Secretary.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple. No. 3,mets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening ot eacn
month at Odd Fellows' HalL Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
ANNA HART. M. E. C
JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. C
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets In Medlgovlch Hall 2nd ana
4th Fridays of each month.
HATTIE A. LUKE. Guardian.
PAULINE F. BROWN, Clerk.
P. O. Box 62L
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF 8ECUR
ITY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115
Meets every Second and Fourth Sat
urdays in the month at L O. O. F.
hall. 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially Invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID. President, P. O.
Box 3483. Lowell. Arts.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary. Lowell.
E. LINDQUIST.
Financial Secretary. P. O. Box 3240.
LowcU.
BISBEE LODGE. No. 10, L O. O. F.
Meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows HalL
Trovers rdTally Z&T
Hall phone 119.
GEO. MUNSET. N. G.
C. D. KIRBY. Secretary.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first and third
Thursdays at 7: .10 p. m.
In Medlgovlch HalL All
visiting &! Ken Invited
to attend.
Wn DELBRIDGE. Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Medicine Man.
F. C. FENDERSON. C of R.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbe Camr No. 134 IS.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows HulL
R. L. MOTZ. ConenL
H. F- MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Hal
Pearl Chapter. No. 6. meets
m Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday ot eacH
month st 7:30 p. m.
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS, W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box 841. Bisbee.
MDQ TFSQIT! RRVAV. SmY P. O. BOS
J299 CnairmM Relief Com. Phons 16L
WOODMEN OF THE WOLD.
Lowell Camp No- 46 will
meet every Werfiwsdsr
at 7:30. Brophy HaU.
,H. C. LANDAU. C C.
O. a THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen Invited
BrCA. voichi WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG .
HEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
Following is a list of new and old
members who have renewed their
membership from November 1st to
15th: Charles Strain, Adolph Ander
son, T. W. Kegan, j. a. f reeman, a.
both halls. In the latter, they have
preaching and Bible classes on Sun
day (which they say are well attend
ed), lectures, movtes, vaudeville, mu
sic, hoxine. etc.. week niphfs F!nrh
C. Cioll. William Jameson, Andrew M. i Y also has a study room, where French
Hayes, Earnest E. Garcia. F. E. Ben-j classs are conducted. To give an
nett, Sidney Werthen, James Segdin, : idea of where the war fund money
Joe Starr, Don Rickett Rogers Poole, goes, they give out $125 worth of sta
Joe Joid, Robert McGoughhy, T. E. tionery daily in Camp Funston alone
Hadsell. Frank Deering, Geo. Bron- Everything is free except stamps.
son, Lloyd Lepp. A. L. Waller, C. R. ,When we remember there are 16 can
Black, P. A. Yerian, M. G. Wallington, tonments in the United States and 90
Maston Uzar, James Toman, D. H. Y men are being sent to France month-
Stumbo. Enoch G. Schwartz, Pete Sa- ly, as buildings are constructed, we
ban, Matt Sunich, V. A. Swanston, get an idea of what an enormous un
Negip Rekip. R. A. Norton, Lester R. dertakingitis The men in the United
Moyer, G. H. Logan, I. B. Long, Tho- States army today lead cleaner lives
mas Leset. Lorence Hurley, R. T. morally than they did hi civil life.
Edmunds, Arnold Corrin, W. M. Casey, which can be said of no other army,
Louis Caritua. Albert Crawford, Floyd and the Y has done more to .bring
Cody, William Borgaro. H. H. Ames, this about than ail other factors com
J. A. Oallego, James Scott. Harry M. bined. All this is probably nothing
Yates, R. J. Maloney, E. A. Gross, H. new to you, although it may add some
C Henrie, T. A. Hefner, George E. thing new to what information you
Perry, E. T. McCoy, Willis Bushby,
Mevvin Rudolph, E. W. Christenson,
H. T. Johnson. Gust" E. Parris, Theo.
Marks, Alexander Kulak, Tufil Kissel,
JA. Silverthorn, William Beardsley, A.
F. Craig, F. S. Maauel, Macullah Smith,
Hulon Rhodes. J. E. Perry, L. A. Pim
Bius, John Broklin, William B. Saw
telle. William J. Crews, A. F. Corri-
now have. Most of the last allotment
as you know, was sent to Camp Kear
ney. Olin Wolfe, Ed Hicks, Tom Mc
Neil, Chas. McKay, Bill Geise and
Mick Betto and one or two others
were left, as they were acting non
coms, and General Wood couldn't fig
ure how he could run Camp Fuifston
without them. The work gets more
are now in operation, Monday, Wed
na?day and Friday at 5:15 and 6:15.
Monday and Thursday. 8:00 to 9:00.
and Tuesday and Friday, 8:00 to 9:?.0 j
A noon class will bo started In an !
other week. Here is a chance for ynu
to put your blood in good circulation
and have some fun, while you are do
ing it. Here is a chance to get back
the old "pep."
J. R. Rose, of Los Angeles, dropped
in at Die Y the other day, to write
some letters. He is a steamfitter and
likes the looks of the district. He
thought we were too generous, giving
a free ten-day membership to a new
comer, but we find that it pays.
Special Pricing of New Silks
BELDING GUARANTEED SILKS
Last week was national campaign i
week for the Y. M. C. A. $35,000,000'
war fund. Bisbee. as usual, made a
fine showing. The quota for the!
Men's campaign was $5,000, which was '
over subscribed more than 15'!. The!
boys' quota was $400 and up to Thurs
day evening, they had reached ?K41. !
Hurray for the boyy. The toto' fori
the southwest bos' campaign ?s re
ported Thursday night were: Arizona. I
$1,960; New Mexico. $700; and El;
Paso, $1,000. Grand total, $3,660.
Ban, William Bedwell, W. S. Kemp, ' Interesting all the time. We have fig
Geo. Harotti, W. S. Green, Charles L.
Jeep, Harman Adams, J. H. Bowen,
Harvey E. Best. Tony Ruheich, O. D.
Coleman, Joe Hoffman, George L. Bur
gess, George Caffey, William B. Cope
land, Percy Rawlins, Louis G. Weeks,
Herbert Duncan, Albert Sheets, Wm.
H. Atkinson, Rich Maurusich, K. James
Harp, George Moore, Oman Hartford,
JT. M. Johnston, Selo Ali, Joe Borelle,
J. P. Counts, J. H. Covington, J. A.
Castleberry, W. H. Dixon. Francis
Flynn, Sam Grace, Paul M. Garciade
Alva, C. P. Hussey, Arthur Jones, Anto
t'mek, George Stoltz, William H. Bei
seker, Floyd D. Deblois, Carl L. Schil
ler. E. J. Rose, J. D. Lynch, Geo. Daze.
T. L. Houston, Marin Pialivili, David
Arnold Pressly, Chas. P. Tye, R. B.
Efulcher, Harry C. Selvlg, E. M. Mc
Donald. James Kay, James Branch,
Dell VanOrman, S. A. Kostean, Chas.
A. Conner and Wm. Kiston.
ured firing data, and theoretically kill
ed all the "dough boys" and destroyed
every tree, and building within miles
of here. It is hard to visualize every
thing as our Instruction so far has
been without equipment of any kind,
and it is hard to tell when we shall
get any. I learned at the remount
station that they ar& preparing for
1.500 horses and mules weekly till all
Camp F. Is supplied, so that sounds
good. I am curious to know how I
shall perform on a horse, as it is ten
years since I rode any. I can see the
whole battery eating their meals,
standing for a while after they come.
We have a good place to sleep, plenty
to eat, lots of hard work, besides good
candy and eats from home and peo
ple sending us knitted sweaters, wrist
lets, scarfs, sleeping caps, socks, etc.
Gee! but its great to be a soldier.
I must close this, and do some studying
Adolf Hill and his brother, Arthur,
from Seabury, Gains county. Texas,
had a thrilling experience on the way.
A man in the same car went cray and
ran around with hi? pi'o. 1h fir-t
shot killed a man, the second hit Ar
'ur HlTs watch an", tore the work.
all to pieces, but did not damage Mr.
Hill. His brother fell so quick that he
dodged the third bullet Mr. Hill and
his brother came around to the Y and
were made welcome. Wo need bullet-proof
men these days.
A meeting for boys will be held In
the boys' department of ill 3 Y. M. C.
A. Sunday, November 18, 3:00 p. m
All boys in Bisbee are invKed to have
their voices in tune for tje song ser
vice. i
A big social time is being planned
for the boys to be held Saturday, No
vemlier 24, in the noys dcpar.ijeiit.
T'lls social will he for members and
none will want to miss it.
! as we have a contest tomorrow on sig-
Following is a letter received byinalinS and wigwagging the Morse
Secretary A. B. Richardson from J. d.! code- wishes t0 Jourwir "- the
Hall, a former member of the Y, who!BIsbee Y 1 dont exPect 7
Is now stationed at Camp Funston, !to Publish these letters, as they don't
Battery D 340 F A. N A. I sound very Interesting to me when I
,"Mr. A.B. Richardson, Bisbee. Ari-Iread tiem- Ir T0U wade through this
zona. Dear Mr. Richardson: I re-, one, you have my permission to put it
ceived your letter dated October 19th. iin the waste basket, "iours truly. J. O.
and written in El Paso. It was incor-j Hal1- Bat D- 240th F. A. X. A.. Camp
rectly addressed, which caused the de-j Funston' Kansas "
lay. I didn't get the other communi-!
cation referred to. I get the Review! Many men suffer because of poor
Up to date only two teams have
signed up for the City Basket Ball
league. Games will be started in an
other two weeks and the teams should
be getting into shane. Com Dan v I. i
j of the Thirty-fifth infantry, has a team i
that has been practicing for the last!
two weeks. One of the recruits of the 1
faculty team was out for practice 1
Thursday night. We ought to have
eight teams. Get busy and line your I
team up" for the big contest to begin
soon. ;
daily, and know you had been in New ; circulation, caused by lack of exercise.
Mexico for the Y war fund. You cer- j Others suffer from constipation and
tainly have done your "bit' many times ; are constantly using pills of some sort
over since the war started, and I am j to get relief. Proper exercise will
In a position to observe part of what j keep the system in fine condition and
the Y is accomplishing, and be bene- j there will be no trouble from lack of
fited by it. No soldier can say too circulation. Most business and pro
much for the Y and thousands are j fesslonal men need more exercise,
better in every way, mentally, moral-1 Many do not take any exercise be
ly and physically, because of it. We cause they fall to take the time. Ail
have a Y headquarters in Camp F, an men have time for three things eat.
auditorium seating 4.000, which has! sleep and die. Not every community
an opening tonight General Leonard ' has the opportunity of the Y. M. C. A.
Wood and Governor Capper making j gym such as we have in Bisbee. Not
talks. Besides these there are 12 oth- j only can you get the needed exercise,
er buildings placed in the most con- but recreative games can be enjoyed,
venlent parts of the camp. Each build- that take the mind off your business
lag seating several hundred soldiers j cares. Volley ball, hand ball, indocr
and Is TJ shaped, one ball having pa- i baseball, calesthenics and many other
per and magazine racks, chess, check-1 forms of exercise are yours. All that
ers, a Victrola. al library and a large is necessary is to get into the Kjmriett- Dy B Richardson.
Mr. Mansell of Everett, Washing
ton, passed through Btsbee a fev j
days ago, on his way to Miami, where1
he takes up the work as boys' secre- j
tary for the Y. M. C. A. there. Mr. j
Mansell spent one day in Bisbee with 1
his old friend W. H. Morrison, who
was here promoting the war workj
campaign. Mr. Morrison was formerly i
general secretary at Everett, Wash., :
and is now general secretary at Mi-j
ami
Following is a program held at San- j
ta Fe, N. M.. for the Y. M. C. A. war
wort, after which $2,500 was raised -in
twenty minutes: .
"For Our Boys, Army Y. M. C. A." j
program; Colonel R. E. Twitchell, pre-
siding:
"New Mexico and the War," by Cov i
ernor W. G. Lindsey.
"Y. M. C. A. War Work." by James !
O. McNary. j
"Obligations of the Civilians," by.
Hon. Richard H. Hanna.
Y. M. C. A. War Work Secreta i
open fire place. The other hall Is
filled with benches with a stage, and
a piano at one end. There is a writ
ing table running along the sides of
and make use of the privileges. The
physical director is ready to give spe
cial attention to individual exercise
on request Three classes for men
"Minimum Carbonization"
ten
STUDEBAKER
Harmon Motor Co., Phoenix
"have had amount of
carbonization, and can heartily
cacommend Zerolene."
VELIE
Roetch Motor Car Co., Seattle
Sr gladly recommend Zerolene
for Velie can and truck."
FORD
W. H. Wallingford, Portland
Mwe know that "Zerolene will give
efficient and satisfactory lubrica
tion." HUDSON
H. O, Harrison Co.,San Francisco
"many owners of Hudson cars use
Zerolene. W hear nothing but
praise for h."
ZEROLENE
The Standard Oil for Motor Cars
Endorsed by Leading Car Distributors
because the records of their service department! show that
Zerolene, correctly refined from California asphalt -base
crude, gives perfect lubrication less wear,
more power, least cartxjn de
posit. Dealers Ereryvhrrt and at Omr
Service Stations
Standard Oil Company
(California)
4
Of- (Ok-
2
"Spanish-Americans in This War." j
General James Baca.
"Mobollzed Money Wins Wars," by
P. Wight Giddings.
"The American Boy," by Rev. R. G.
Farley.
VIRGIN ISLAND IS
PLACE OF HONESTY
(By Review Leased Wire).
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Nov. 17. A
tribute to the honesty of the import
ers and merchants of Charlotte Ame
lie, St. Thomas, Virgin Islands, was
paid by Thomas G. Gorman, special
agent of the treasury department, who
left the Virgin Islands this week af
ter studying for several months the
customs service there. Under Dan-1
ish rule the merchants of St. Thomas
were permitted to bring In their im
portations and pay the duty thereon
often after the goods had been sold.
They were not required to produce In
voices showing the value of their im
ports. "A strange thing about this custom."
said Mr. Gorman, "was the fact that
I do not believe the Danish officials
lost one penny due the government
from customs duty and I do not be
lieve that since the purchase of the
islands by the United States the cm
torn officials have lost one cent ei
ther. The merchants of St Thomas
are honest. I do not know of any
place in the world where there was
such latitude Bhown the importers as
there was In St. Thomas, and certain
! am that a similar policy, if adopted,
in the United States would be disas
trous. But It has not been in St.
Thomas."
36-inch Belding Satin, $1.50 yard In
grey, gold, emerald, rose, delph pink,
light blue, black and white.
36-inch Belding Wash Satin, $2.50 yard
In ivory and flesh only.
36-inch Belding Charmeuse, $2.25 yard
In navy, burgundy, rose, grape, pearl
grey, maduro. ivory and black.
36-inch Belding Duchess Satin, $2.50
yard Shown in navy, grape, taupe,
black and ivory.
36-inch Belding Chiffon Taffeta, $2.50
yard Burgundy, wisteria, maduro,
Russian green, pearl grey, reseda. Army
blue, Marine blue, ivory and black.
36-inch Belding Fancy Lining Satin, at
$2.C0 the yard In combinations of
gold and blue, grey and lilac, in pretty
figured and scroll effects.
Heavy Weight Crepe de Chine, Spe
cial, $1.53 Showing a beautiful col
lection of Crepe de Chine in the best
shades 40 inches wide, a regular
$1.75 value. In this showing are
maize, rose, peacock, goblin, sky blue,
prune, taupe, tan, lilac, navy, brown,
nile, garnet, babrador blue, midnight
blue and black. Sale price at the
yard, special $1.58
Georgette Crepe, Heavy Weight,
Special, $1.89 Regular $2.25 40
inch Georgette in a complete line of
street and evening shades as shell
pink, reseda, dark brown, sky blue,
peacock, chartreuse, rose, burgundy,
grey, purple, maduro brown, maize,
flesh, delph, taupe, steel grey, myrtle,
navy, olive, nile, Copenhagen, ma
rine, golden brown, black and ivory
at the yard, special $1.89
Messaline Silks, Special, 83c yard
A 26-inch width that would sell reg
ular at $1.00 per yard, in a complete
show of the best shades,- Myrtle,
navy, steel grey, dark brown, Alice,
rose, wine, olive, pearl grey, Copen
hagen, Kelly green, lilac, light blue,
pink, maize, nile, ivory and black,
special at, the yard 83c
Fancy Plaid and Striped Taffeta,
$1.89 yard 6-inch regular $2.25
value, in combinations of blue and
green plaids, grey and blue, green
and grey and many of the pretty com
binations, on sale at, the yard.. ..$1.89
Fancy Striped Messaline, Special,
$1.29 yard 36-inch ; Fancy Stripe
Messaline Silks that sell regularly at
$1.75 yard, in black and lavender,
blue and green on pretty light ground
with fancy Romand stripe effects.
Sale price at, the yard.. $1.29
Silk Poplin, Special, $1.19 yard A
good quality Silk Poplin that sells
regularly at $1.50 per yard, in shades
of brown, grey Myrtle, reseda, silver
grey, wisteria and Copenhagen. On
sale Monday at, the yard $1.19
Beautiful Millinery
In Shapes and
Styles to
Please Every
Taste
The assortments of them are so greatly diversified that
no woman or miss will have any difficulty in choosing
a shape in a style to adorn becomingly and fashionably
her particular type of figure. Small hats, large hats,
hats with tall crowns, softly draped hats, picturesque,
wide-brimmed hats, youthful-line hats, hats for matrons
all are included. Marked at prices that will make no
pocketbook feel out of sorts.
Serge and Silk Dress Special
We have assembled for special selling a beautiful line of
Silk Dresses at $12.50. All very exquisitely adorned
with fancy embroideries End braids; fancy pockets and
large collars and tunic, taffeta and Georgette combina
tions, satin.and Georgette and also Crepe de Chine.
J
Special at $12.50
Silk Petticoats at $5.00
Lovely soft taffeta Petticoats especially priced at.. ..$5.00
Extra large sizes to 60-inche hip at $5.95
There Is Much Style and
Beauty to Be Found
In Our
Women's Modish
Suits
Here we present an unending variety
of the most favored styles that wo
men in every walk of life will want.
Severely plain styles for every day
business wear, as well as the more
dressy models for informal social oc
casions. The most innocent shopper
will feel the pleasant lure to buy these
irresistibly distinctive new suits when
she sees them. Among the materi
als shown are Silverton, Burella, Wool
Poplin, Manish Serges, etc ; elaborate
ly trimmed with large fur collars and
cuffs of Raccoon and Kit Coney Furs.
We feature these Suits at
$35.00 and $37.50
The Right Coats for Juniors
Small women and misses who want winter coats can't
afford to overlook this elegant showing in all the wanted
materials, Mixtures, Velours, Burellas, etc., trimmed
with large, fancy collars of fur and Karini Cloth. Prices
range from
$12.50 to $30.00
OUTING FLANNEL KIMONAS
In beautiful floral designs with elastic belts. Prices
from $1.25 to ....$2.50
TO
THE NEW HOUSE DRESSES
Made of fancy Ginghams in Belle
Burke styles in large plaids and stripes
moderately priced.
SOME NEW ARRIVALS in
BUNGALOW APRONS
Of Ginghams and Percales daintily
trimmed with contrasting colors. See
this exceptional assortment.
Great assortment of APRONS of all
descriptions are here; White Band
Aprons, Band Aprons of Percales and
Ginghams. Bib Aprons, Nurses Ap
rons, Waitresses Aprons, etc.
r
We are showing a wonderfully com
plete line of the newest Outing Flan
nel Gowns and Pajamas for Women
and children.
Our Turkeys for Thanksgiving will be the same grade of Kansas corn-fed, fresh killed Turkeys that we have sold
to our customers for the past tweney years. You remember our Holiday Poultry from one year until the next.
t .
Millions Wasted
ZlnWilltyg OreZ
vlFromRichMines
j
;j Copper Exports
Are Very Large
iron carbonates were lost in water, of lead which should have been re-
concentratlon, whereas were these! covered by direct smelting, Bunker'
ores treated by direct smelting aslHlll sot paid for only 450.000 tons.
came from the mine, only 7 per About 230.000 tons were lost through!
cent of the lead and 4 per cent of water concentration and the smelling,
silver would have been lost in! company deducted 50.000 tons fori Xot until the current year have et-
o)oo- Wu. m .1.0
,', ' " . .k t .ports of copper in a single montli
Litigation recently begun between On an output of 1000 tons of ore a " ''""mated that through failure of Kwinn.mnn nn..nH m t.n
American Smelting and Refining oom-jday. 242.000 pounds of lead and 6720 tn HHI management to build run aboe 100-00tf 000 Pound8- In Jan-
pany and Bunker Hill and Sullivan ounces of silver would have been re- an "P-toate smelting and refining "ry clearances were 114,960.000
Mining and Concentrating company in covered by direct smelting. Taking 5. plant at ,he start of operations 34 pounds. August figures. Just at hand.
the t'oeur d'Alene district of Idaho1 cents as the average price of lead and
brings to light losses of millions in 65 cents the average for silver during
metal values through false treatment, the past 31 years tljat Bunker Hill
years ago, imperfect recoveries ; show
through water concentration have cost;
the stockholders between $30 000,000
that In the period there was
shipped abroad from this country 101.-
1 Q Ortrt nnltnrid nf pnnnor niuVintr thn
of Bunker Hill and Sullivan ores over, has been operating, and figuring out-lan 4.w.w. . fiflh month of 1917 In which the 100
a period of 34 years. : put of mine at 6.000.000 tons, property P8 have figured that the great-' rainion mark hag been exceeded.
It is alleged that when Bunker Hill should have produced 720.000 tons ofer part of 2S0.000 tons of lead and Up t( tne m of September there
ores were milled and concentrated by lead and 40 000.000 ounces of silver 1 15.000.000 ounces of silver have been had be?n ghilped 77s.3s9.56l pounds
water a colossal blunder was made, since it began operations, or a gross ,0Bt in tn Coeur d'Alene river and a cf copper aiim 521 976.630 pounds
These ores contain about eight output of J9S.000.000. Estimating cost! """P8" has now ben formed to re- ,n lhe KXme niontn jast yejir an(1
ounces of silver per ton with 14 per of production at $6 per ton of ore,!cover tn,s metal. l433.205.S04 pounds two years ago. In
rent lead and 2o per cent carbonates.: cost would be :i6.ooo.000. This leaves! ; addition to these large copper
Mguring lead at 13 percent and silver J62.000. UO0 for dividends, whereas ao
contents at -seven ounces, each ton of tual dividends disbursed have been
ore contains 260 pounds of lead and i but 25 per cent of this sum.
7 ounces of silver. Fully 35 per centj But the actual results were far dlf-
of lead and silver and nearly all of the, ferent
to these large copper ton.
Rumored in steamship circles Tuev nages the shipments of brass two
day that new British steamship Mar-, parts copper to one part spelKer
conl. 7,402 tons gross, bound from a have broken previous records.
French port for Tortland. had been'
Instead of the 720.000 tons, sunk by a German submarine. 1 REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS