MARKETS
NEW VORK CITY
Average prlve of cop
per for week ending
June 20, 30.083.
WEATHER.
Arizona. Sunday and
Monday fair; not much
clunge in temperature.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 20. NO. 14.
BISBEE DAfLY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 24, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
E
b
3 u
STPiOi
PACIFIC FLEET
iitv cpni id w mid nr
II I I 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II li 1 1 1 1 1 1 H 1 1 I All
W I I UUUUIIIIIU WWIIU I Wl !
SOUTH AMERICA E
. "" '.
Rear Admiral Caperton And Staff Welcomed At Rio Janiero;
American Destroyer, Responding To Call For Help,
'Abandons One Merchant Ship, Speeds Thirty Miles UB
English Coast And Arrives
Beneath Waves, Victim
(By Review
RIO JANIERO, Brizal, June 23. Rear Admiral William B.
Caperton, commander in chief of the Pacific fleet of the
United States navy, and the members of his staff have been
rprpivwl with honors here. The
, , . . c . ' j
ea me minister ui marine uiiuci
. .
battalion. Ihe exercises accompany the reception included ;
the playing of the national hymns of the two nations. ;
T p C.-L.
W A CUIm5 T HTtT , p -v !
WASHINGTON, June 23. the arrival m Brazilian,
waters of an American Pacific
A J : o 1 r '
..... c , 1 r i r
over reSDOnsiblllty tor the patrol OF that region against Ler -
man raiders.
While navy officials would not disclose the identity or
, . . i j . i p j . .
number ot vessels in Admiral Uaperton s squadron, it is
SUmed that they include the cruisers of the Pacific fleet, giving
the American officer a swift and nowerful force for whatever
r j
operations ne roaynna necessary. i
i
BASE OF THE AMERICAN FLOT-
Tr T .xt TjnfltPTI nTITPDO T..M
nir mftn ipCrtm,TLTt Trrco
The spectacle of Vice Admiral Sims.i
fileet home waters, serving hot coffee j
to surrlvors of a submarined ship was'
wtnnaof.1 hff nannli. ff thla villa (TO I
last night when a British destroyer j
reached her doclt with Efty-five mem
bers of the crew of a torpedoed British
merchantman. Admiral Sim'
appeared 1
among the crowd of townspeople on
the quay and greeted many of the
enrvivnrtf with a hnnrtKhake and lielnedi
to make comfortable four injured mem-!
bers of the crew who were taken j
away in ambulances.
Charles Dalton of New York and!
peveral Americirs negroes wer araonj
the survivors. Palton said the ship
bad been torpedoed without warning
and sank within a few nMnutee. But
as the wireless was able to 6,?nd out .1
"S O.- S." the destroyer arrived with
'n an hour and rescued three men
.i:ro.;n tn vroKhcn an p il ,if thA r.. I
,.,..inj., '..V. in ht, 1
Magazine of Big
Explodes; Entire City Shaken
Several Ships Reported Dam
epedBy Csttsroohe; Two
Men Blinded By Flash;
Bomb Cause of Explosion.
wi.VAX.-i in 9? a nMnn
........ ' l
In the magazine of Cabana fortress,
protecting the entrance to this city, oc
curred late tonight which shook the
entire city. One person is known to
be dead and many were injured.
Among the Injured were two persons i
whose sight was
destroyed by the
flash. It is said that a bomb had
been placed aeainst the magazine. Sev
eral ships in the hartr were damaged
by the blowing up of the magazine.
Magazine No. 4, In which were
stored explosives used in firing sa
lutes, exploded, opening a wide breach
in tve fortress wall on the side fae-
ing the city. A sentinel pacing his ; Jects any idea of a separate peace,
beat on the wall wa3 not Inlured. but What Russia is aiming at is the estab
his rifle was blown out of his bands, lishment of a firm and lasting peace
Stones fell in the city, Injifring three between democratic nations. The trt
Boldiers, two of them seriously, and : umph of German autocracy makes
six laborers. Only tine person Is , such a peace impossible. Russia will
known to be dead. not fail to be a worthy partner in the
The damage to shipping apparently ; league of honor."
was confined to a few sailing vessels. No previous incident of the war has
No evidence has been found pointing stirred the senate and house to such
to an attempt to release the political enthusiasm. Senators and represent-
prisoners confined in the fortress.
The fortification of Cabana rccupies
an elevated site on the hill across the
harbor from Havana. The land rises
100 feet abruptly from the water's
edge, where there is a mooring place
for shipping. The building of the
fortress consumed 11 years, from 1763
to 1774. and the cost was $14,000,000.
The ramparts command the" city of
Havana, the sea and encircling hills.
ON ACTIVE
OR SUBS:
In Time To See Another Slip
of German 1 orpedo.
Leased Wire.)
American officers todav visit-'
i . r rj ! 1
wic csiuu ui a iiiaz.nian uavai
...it.
fleet squadron commanded by
tV A;o !,, f ,Vt,
I
mcp rn Ttsv a vf ttd Tr a m pi nT.
TT T A TXT DDTTTCU WATFDQ Titna
n fDV TUP iOOAPliTrn DOrCQil
---To see a merchant ship torpedoed
ing to her rescue was the exasperate
ing experience reported by the com-j
TnnnriPF Cf thp HpRtmVr linOTI hlS TO-
turn here bday. Fortunately the de-
ctrnvt-r oirlvoH in timA in Tsir iin nil
of the crew, many of whom were swim-1
ming about.
The destroyer was convoying a food
ship when she received an
one"
merchantman which was he-!
from a
ing attacked by a submarine thirty
miles awy. Leaving the food ship at
the risk of losing her, the destroyer!
speeded to the assistance of tho other
vessels, only to be greeted wi'en ui-
most within haiUngr distance by a
terrific explosion and the spectacle of.
a great column of water enveloping 1
the ship but not the slightest sign of,
the enemy. Quickly picking up the I
crew the destroyer put back at iuu
Kneed tn the food shin in order to save :
her from a similar fate. i
Havana Fort
CONGRESSMEN CHEER
Ql AVTIHlillUIKQIflMFR
OLK I UUitllflluulUltLn ('
1
U J C D..-.: Jf:.,: 1.
llCdU Wl .IWB91UU ITllOolUlI M9
i
Greeted With Enthusiasm
i e ; r c i
-vi joint session ui jenaic
And House; Pledges Faith.
WASHINGTON. June 23. The new
Russians' devotion to the cause of de-;
mocracy against autocracy was re- i
pledged in ringing phrases today by j
Special Ambassador Boris Bakhme-;
tieff, head of the Russian war mission,
speaking to a wildly applauding joint j
session of the senate and house. j
"With all emphasis," said the Am-;
bassador, "may I state that Russia re-
atives who had restrained their ap
plause at the appearance of Marshal
Jtiffre and Foreign Secretary Balfour,
threw away all reserve and cheered
the Russian envoy to the echo.
Speaking tn English, the ambassa
dor recounted first Russia's wrongs un
der the autocracy and then the story
of her political regeneration. The de
mocracy and its policy of continuing
the war relentlessly, be declared, has
won the support of the Russians.
President Asks
70,000 Men to
Join the Army
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, June 23. Recruit
ing Vjrk for the regular army, fixed
by presidential proclamation, opened
today throughout the country with tiie
, army recruiting service ready for a !
: great drive for war volunteers.
; tJllZ dnX
the week for war service. Already a
, division of regulars has been designat
ed for service in France under Gen
j.eral Pershing and the men wl.'j re
! spond to the president's call may feci
' assured, officials point out, that there
' will be little delay in reaching the
western front when the movement of
troops overseas begins.
Returns for the first day of the re-
cruiting week will not be available un
i til Monday, when the war department
will announce figures for today and
tomon'jw. Unless the department is
to fail in its efforts to fill up to war
strength during the week, an average
of nearly 10.000 men a day must be
obtained, or nearly ten times as many
as have been accepted each day for the !
last several weeks. Yesterday only ;
! 771 men were accepted,
; An appeai t0 the newspapers to aid ,
' in securing recruits was made by Sec-1
' retarr Baker tday. who said that with-;
lout the co-operation of tiie press the
as-;recruiting campaign niust fail. Tne
', secretary issued this statement ad-
; dressed fj the editors of all newspa-,
pers: 1
.-president Wilson has by proclama-!
. tion fixed the week beginning today
- r "
mJl
The army needs and expects
to obtain during the week 70,000 men ,
to fill every regiment to war strength. ;
T? nnl b.! obta!ned' however
w'tnout ,the hearty Hperation of
"I am relying confidently upon the j
patriotism jf the press ia this emer-;
ncy, and know that the newspapers ;
!"" ""we""" recruu-
,u rviue iurouBiioui. me ween 10 ;
maKe ivecruiung v eeK anoiner spien-
did demonstration of the spirit of the
coumr-
' rr 1 r 1 1
lPYirnnt n( hlPPn
QL Qpll'q CnmmnnA
- " --tt O VUIlIf llUUUd
iHy Review Leased Wire.)
rA6u' lex- June ii
-Followin:
Brigadier General George
Bell, Jr's
demand that he be released within an
I hour, Francisco Soils was given his
iiDeny late toaay. sons was Kianap-
j ped on the American end of the in-
j ternational bridge yesterday by three
Mexican soldiers. He was saiu by the
officials in Juarez to have been solicit-
, iub me soiuiers who guara tne nriago at headquarters tonight were: Cincin
Uo quit and go to Colorado to -ork for nati, $1,400,00; Detroit, $2,161,000;
! a oeet sugar company as laborers.
; They claimed he was in Mexican ter-
ritory when ordered to halt and thai
he ran across the line with the soldiers
in pursuit and was captured in Amor
ican territory. General Bell ordered
u'c niuciiLuu jmLruis iu lire un nuy
Mexican soldiers crossing the line.
ANSWERS LAST-
After an illness of many months, j
prani.
Xt Mnrnhv nintiApr Ariznnan '
.... , " '
a iea in Frescott last nignt, accoraing
to word received in this city.
Mr. Murphy, president of the Santa
Fe, Prescott & Phoneix railroad, was
born in Maine, reared and educated in
Wisconsin and had been a resident of
Arizona since 1S77. Though he wield
ed a strong influence in the develop
ment of many of Arizona's important
resources, he was'best known through
his association with the railroad, the
succes sof which was due, in a large
measure, to his wise judgment and
business energy. The success obtain
ed by the famous Congress gold mine
can also be attributed, in a great de
- ... ,, I
gree, to his foresight; as he placed .
the affairs of the company on a profit-;
able basis, and under his management
JS.OOO.OOO worth of gold was taken out
of it. With his particular friend. R. j
N. Fredericks, Mr. Murphy founded!
the Prescott National bank of which
he was president from 1S93 to 1910,
rnini ei rnnnniit; inn i inniim ini-inm mniirrn
YMM V if Mnrfll I'm I -ftmll'JiJ UK I Nu r f rrn
I I II 111 1 1 llii IIIUIII HULL. IllBUIill IIIIIL.UIIII I IUIIUL.Ui
III K 18
i mm r sw w -vw 17
! LACKS CUT ,
ZU iniLLIUISi
Big War Fund Campaign!
Nears Close, But Workers'
Are. Urged To Spare Noj
. Effort In Securing Sub scrip-;
tions.
(By Review Leasee Wire!
WASHINGTON, June 23. Twenty
million dollars must be collected to
morrow and Monday by the Red Cross
volunteer campaigners to make the
week's canvass for a $100,000,000 fund
an entire success. Despite the spec
tacular spurts of a number of cities,
total new pledges reported to national
headquarters today were only $3,000,
000, making the aggregate collections
for six days about $80,000,000.
Campaign managers directed local
workers to make strenuous efforts in
the next two days to ferret 'out individ
uals or corporations who have not con
tnbuted and impress on thein the tre-
mendous importance of the success of
the Red Cross fund.
Every Dollar Needed.
The neeo of every humanity dohar
ti,it can be collected was emphasized
today by Lord Northcliffe, British war
commissioner now in the United
States, in a letter to Henry B. F. Mc- t
Farland, chairman of the District of
Columbia Red Cross finance
comuut-
tee.
"In wishing success and prosperity
to our efforts," wroie Lord Northcliffe,
"I would, as an expe;-bi!';ed Reu Ci'jss
worker, urge caution and conservation
of effort. You v.'iil need every cent
you can collect, and every pair of hu-
man hands you can employ. The war,
in my personal opinion, gathered by
much experience at the front, is but
0.-5
iu.i-Uoi ueir iuiiiri.i lu.icum-
imiitrtfn 111 it iiu,uuer ji cities win re-
fuse to quit work Monday night when
the campaign formally close3. This
, prolongation of the canvass will be
I sought in two classes of communities
those like Cleveland, on fire with
enthusiasm and piling up over-sub-;
scriptions, and cities where ,for vari
: ous local reasons, the campaign did
1 not start until late this week. Atlan
1 ta, suffering from the recent disas
trous fire, is one of the cities of the
latter class.
Cleveland la Star.
. Cleveland, which promises to be tne
star of the week's performance, by
noon today made its total $4,182,000,
and passed Chicago, whose report at
that hour sljwed 4,160,00O. New
York City's total was known to be ap-
proaching $35,000,000.
Among the other big totals recorded
Buffalo, $1,735,000; Pittsburg, $2,596.
000; Boston, $2,038,000; St Louis. $1.
465.000, and Philadelphia ,$1,232,000.
Ohio still leads the states (except
for New York) with $7,092,000. Next
was Pennsylvania, with $4,461,000. 11-
(Continued on Page Six.)
CALL AT HIS HOME ID PRESCOTT
when he was succeeded by Mr. Fred- j
. .
Mr Mrr.r.v w tho t-.h.id-!
n. nba
I nai
er oi me lavapai hud ana one oi in
ffrst presidents.
He was reputed to have brought
more money into Arizona for Invest-1 EDould not. and would not have failed!
ment than any other single Individual j naj tliey rPCCived the little additional
in the state. The ability he display- j K,iPport necessary. One of Mr. Mur-
cd In the successful management of.hy's highest ambitions was to build
nis rraa during tne panic oi isj pi-i
t .. A ..IJA .1 M,An1A n-nm.A '
him a position among the recognized
financial giants of the country.
As president of the Development
Company of America., a holding com
pany with many large undeveloped In-
I tercsts, a position he was prevailed
upon to take In addition to his many
other duties, ho fell heir ro a lot of
trouble, as the company, due to a com-1
binntion of unavoidable circumstances
fa;led, forcing upon him the presi
dency and management of many sub
sidiary companies whose properties
were in process of development and
UIIElt !ES iE
se mm NEXT
UTTE, Mont., June 23. The
n ines of the Butte district
are expected to be closed
early next week because of
strides called by the Metal Mine
Workers' union and the electric
ians union and the endorsement
of the strikes that are being given
by other trades unions, according
to an official of a mining company
today. Both strikes were called
to obtain higher wages and better
working conditions.
The mines at present are pro
ducing about ten per cent of their
normal copper output but no lead
and the working force is placed at
about ten per cent of what the
mines employed two weeks ago.
An additional 100 men reported
for work today. The smelters at
Anaconda and Great Falls at pres
ent are not receiving enougji ore
to warrant their operation, it was
said.
The strikes have resulted in at
lpast 2,500 men leaving Butte to
seek work in other places and rail
road offices report that many in
quiries have been made about
conditions at other mining camps.
The miners union held an open
air meeting here today which was
attended by between 4,000 and 5.
000 persons. At the meeting a
telegram from Miss Jeannette
Rankin, congresswoman from.
ROOT WELCOMED BY
RUSSIAN DELEGATES
W W.U Not Lay Down01'"80 ffif F"ce,,To
a iin-T - a - Draw Revolvers To Keep
nrms vvuue uerman nuio-,
cracy Threatens Freedom,";
Declare All Factions.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
MOSCOW, June 22 (Friday). The
American commiss.'jn headed by Elihu
Root today for the first time since
their arrival in Russia met represent
atives of the workmen and soldiers'
committee in conference held with the
Moscow leaders of ail the political and
Industrial factions, commonly grouped
under the term proletariat. Within a
few hours jf the arrival of the com
mission, Mr. Root had delivered two
stirring addresses, the first to the as
sociated committees of Moscow and
the second to the, municipal duma,
which gathered in special session to
greet the Americans.
In both meetings, Mr. Root was
warmly received and bis repeated dec
larations that America had faith in
Russia's ability and determination t'j
wage to the end the war of democracy
against German militarism, brought an
immediate response from all the fac
tions represented, to the effect that
Russia would not lay down her arms
while German autocracy or any other
obstacle imperilled the continued ex
istence and safety of the newly gained
freedom of the Russian pt'ople.
most of which were financially embar-
rassed. He never shirked the respon-
I i lKl
ity and, if his life had been
spared, would undoubtedly have prov
ed to the satisfaction of all concern
ed that the subsidiary companies
what is known as the Arizona. Mexico
& Gulf of California railroad, which, return to those ceremonies and ad
with the Panama Canal completed, dresses which prevailed In other days."
would probably have proven a most
important Influence in the up-building
cf Arizona
Mr. Murhpy had been failing In
health rapidly and several days ago
physicians announced that he could
not live. News of his death will be
received by all who knew him with-unl-
versa' sorrow, as he was one of the yards and 220-yard dash swimming
most prominent and most popular of events here today. His time was 2.01
the pioneers to whose efforts Arizona and 2.19 seconds for the respective
can give much cf the credit for Its '. disances. The records were formerly
present development. j 2.0S 4 5 and 2.21 3 5.
EXPEGIEO 10
Montana, was read. In it she ask-
ed that she be appealed to if min
ers needed her aid.
A resolution asking the federal
government to make a complete
investigation of the local situation
was adopted.
The machinists' union announc
ed tonight that authority had been
granted hy the international offic
ers to call out the machinists in
the Leonard and High Ore mines
of the Anaconda Mining Copper
company and the Elm Orlu and
North Butte Mining companies,
properties of former United States
Senator W. A. Clark. It was re
ported the machinists at these
three mines and mills, would be
called out Monday in sympathy
with the miners strike.
This action was taken at a
meeting of the different trades
councils when the miners asked
endorsement of their strike be
came known tonight The Build
ing Trades Councils' committee
advised the miners to organize so1
that they would be recognized by
the American Federation of Labor
The metal miners replied, it was
said, that they would not recog
nize under any plan that would
bring them under the leadership
of the International Mine, Mill and
Smeltermens' Union, of which C.
H. Moyer is president.
DETECTIVES ATTACKED
: BY HUMANITY LEAGUE
eep
Back Crowd Wehn Speaker
At Meeting Is Arrested.
(By Review Leased Wl'
CHICAGO. June 23. Detectives
: who attended a meeting of the League
of Humanity here tonight were forced
to draw their pistols to hold back a
threatening ct'jwd which surrounded
the officers after they bad taken a
man into custody. Twelve arrests were
made and reserves were called to fore
stall serious trouble.
The meeting was held without dis
order, despite utterances which some
of the officers considered Incndiary In
character. As the meeting adjourned,
one of the speakers was seized by de
tectives, wl'j immediately were rur
rounded by a protesting crowd, the ma
jority of whom were women. The of
ficers proceeded to the street with
their prisoner, the crowd becoming
more threatening until it was neces
sary to drive them back- by a flourish
of weapons.
The presence of the detectives at
the meeting caused a verbal attack on
'jiie of them by a speaker, who singled
the officer out by name and declared
he bad joined the Industrial Workers
of the World to learn their, Secrets
and that he had come to the meeting
for the same purpose. The detective's
official reply was vigorous applause,
which closed the incident.
The League of Humanity was organ
ized to protest against war and to up
hold free speech, according to the
j speaker.
Solemn Celebration I
July Fourth Asked
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. June ,23. A plea
lhat Independence Pay be observed ',
this year with a solemnity reflecting
the sober determination "of a democ
racy at war for Its ideals and its ex
istence." was made in a statement is
sued tonight by the public information
committee.
"Noise and useless illumination and
tyithinking celebrations liave no
proper place in times such as these,"
said the statement. "Let there be a
ANOTHER ACQUATIC RECORD
MADE IN SAN FRANCISCO.
, (By Review Leasod Wire).
P-EL MONTE, Calif.. June 23 Nor
man Ross of San Franclco estahlish-
ed new American records for the 200-
PROHIBIT!
PHIS
WRITTEN II
Hot Debate Over Dry Fea
tures of Measure Almost
Results In Fistic Encounter
Between Opposition And
Defense.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
ASHINGTON, J une 23.
The administration
ood control bul civinc:
the president broad authority
Lto control the distribution of
food, fuel and food and appro
priating $152,500,000 for its
enforcement and administra
tion was passed by the house
late tonight after far-reach;n?
prohibition provisions had
been written into it.
The vote was 365 to 5. Re
presentatives McLemore. Slay
den and Young of Texas,
Democrats, and Meeker. Mis
souri, and Ward, New York,
Republicans, voting in the
nesrarive.
After several hours of parliamentary
sparring, during which the prohibitory
proposals were thrown out repeatedly
on points of order, the prohibition flu
merit got the upper hand and forced
adoption of amendments -which would
forbid the use of any foodstuffs duties
the war for making intoxicants and
would give the president authority to
take over tn his discretion all stocks
of distilled liquors.
Then the house settled down to a
long night session with the leaders
determined that a final vote be taken
before adjournment.
Fight Looked For.
Action on the prohibition amend
ment will be taken tn committee of
the whole and opponents of the pro
pc?als immediately began to muster
their forces for a re-consideration
when the bill comes up for discussion
lu the house proper. Should ths pro-
(Continued on Pase Five)
JOSTSALAZAR READY
TO SURRENDER; WANTS
TO GO BACK ON FARM
Rt" WTiW l,p)KW
JUAREZ, Mex.. June 23. Jose Ynt
Salazsr appeared in Pearson. Chihua
hua, south of Cases Grande today
and offered to surrender to the ror
ernment commander there. Sa'arir
recently sent a letter to Andrew Gar
cia. inspector-ceneral of Mexican con
sulates, arking for amnesty for him
self. Rodrteo Quevedo. the Arand-i
brothers and other former Villa offi
cers together with their seventy fol
lowers. Salazar announced In this let
ter that he wished to quit, reioln bin
j fnmily and return to his ranch. The
i request was forwarded to President
Cnrranra with the recommendation
that It be granted. Snlazar was Villa'
chief of staff at the last batt'e of Chi-
.Niahua but later broke with him.
After Villa was defeated at Artix
station last Sunday, government
forces aaln defeated his
commsirl
west of Ortls and forced the bard to
rerroit the railroad and P pi the
Conchos river, according to a rcvem
ment army officer who arrived Vr
from the south today.
Getiprnl Francisco Chaver. wo ar
rived hee yesterday on a .snccHl
train with the announced pnrro of
going to Cananea. Sonora. to set as
special commissioner in the rrvsent
trouble between the Cananea Consoli
dated Copper Comnanr and the rov
ernment. returned to Chihuahua Cltr
late todpy without crossing the or
der. H'k nnrnose in returning to Chi
huahua City was rot stated H '"-a
escorted by ?00 soldiers. The sifua
tion tn Cananea was reported to be
qu'et today.
Reports from Torreon sav hundreds
of Mexlcon families who recently re
turned from the United States are
camping In the streets of that city and
are starving. TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 24, 1917.
Get In Line With The Season
The Cost of Style and Summer Comfort Is Within Reach of All
HARTMANN
Wardrobe Trunks
$35.00 up to $175
, At f .A
'4 IV-,..
'A
trlC C if--
DON'T STAND BACK and watch everybody else fall in
line with Summer with their new, crisp, spick-and-span new
clothes. Resolve to be smartly ahead of the style procession
you can do it at a very.
Moderate Cost
..OLO rHC HAFT CLOTHES.
'J
If you choose one of these light weight Palm Beach, or Crash-O Suits. Young
men will find here many new fashion touches of note an attractive collection of
befied suits; some with belts all around others haU-belted, and the favorite pinch
back styles excellent for sport as well as general wear THE PRICES BEGIN
AS LOW AS
$8.50, $10 and Range Upwards to $15
OTHER VIGOROUS STYLES IN body-tracing lines for young men showing advance ideas in lapels, pockets
and general designing. For older men or those who want cu rrent style, tempered with conservativeness, we are equally
prepared to serve. Refined styles in a wide assortment of Summer Materials to pick from; Flannels, Palm Beach Cloth,
Crash-O, Air-O-Waeve, Tropical Worsteds and other fabrics Prices range from $8.50, $10 upwards to $15.
A Wonder Value In Shirts for Men at $1.50
You Know What
You Want
and whatever it is in
clothes, should your
preference be tailoring,
we'll be delighted to
measure you for an
ED.V. PRICE 6? CO.
Summer
Suit
FRESH, CLEAN STOCK, mind you, full cut and correctly proportioned, of
excellent quality fabrics and superior workmanship.
Made of finest grades of madras, percales and poplin; snappy new patterns
In stripes, cross-stripes, figures and dots, colors that go clear through the kind
that will wash without fading; sizes 14V4 to 17 SHIRTS that will compare favor
ably wyh $2 grades sold elsewhere.
Soft Collar Shirts $1.50
YOU KNOW THE Fair store reputation for suppling the best in Negligee
or Soft Collar Shirts for $1.50 Well, we're living up to that reputation this season
desDite advancing cost of material and labor, and we've been ablu to maintain
our usual high standard of quality in Shirts to sell for $1.50. In plain white, tan,
gray and champagne, also white grounds with neat stripes m black, lavender and
blue, of soisette, percale and poplin.
Boys' Washable Suits $1 up to $3
YOU CAN MAKE YOUR SELECTION AT HOME by picturing in your mind what you want in Boys' Washable
Suits and come here with the assurance of finding it, for it will surely be an "OLIVER TWIST" or a "BILLY BOY"
these quaint little 6uits have the call this season, there are few of any other kind being shown.
We have prepared with a splendid stock of these favorite styles, made of all kinds of good washable materials
in sizes from 2i to 8 years; price3 range from 75c upwards to $3.00.
Summer Weight Knit Underwear
That Will Delight Discriminating Women ,
YOU CAN SECURE HERE in Summer Weight Knitted Underwear the same perfect, fit, perfect confonua-
ation to body lines, that you'd demand in your tailor-fitted outer garments.
THE PERFECTLY PROPORTIONED GARMENTS offered lor sale at this store does away with buying
underwear by guess-work TAKING THE FIT FORGRANTED AND USUALLY BEING DISAPPOINTED.
THE SELECTION OF YOUR SUMMER VESTS, OR UNIONSUITS HERE ASSURES YOU AS PER
FECT A FIT IN UNDERWEAR AS YOU GET IN GLOVES OR SHOES AND WITH EVEN GREATER
EASE.
The system of manufacture assures a fit without a try-on and Underwear that is cut not only to your bust
size, but shaped to conform to every line, every curve of your figure, adjusted to every movement of your body
with just enough "give" for comfort, but no permanent stretching out of shape
Men's Wash
NECKWEAR
25c, 35c and 50c
THE NECKWEAR CASES are
the point where almost everyone
stops, whether he means to buy
anything or noL
THESE PRETTY WASHABLE
Four-in-Hands priced at 25c and 35:
are made of highly mercerized fab
rics that laundry and retain' their
luster, and there's a wide range of
patterns from which to choose in
cluding stripes, dots and embroider
ed figures.
AND THOSE PRICED AT 50c
are quite the best values we
have ever offered in quality of
material, beauty of design and
daintiness of coloring they are
as fine as anything we have
heretofore seen.
Sclect your
own style
and pattern
and we'll
do the rest.
Suits From
$25 to $45
AND WHEN IT COMES lo select
ing your pattern, there are 500
swatches and you'll experienced little
trouble in choosing something exactly
hutted to your requirements.
THE SUPERIOR QUALITY and convenient fea
tures of the HARTMANN 'Wardrobe Trunk will immed
iately appeal to you. It represents very unusual value an4
will give the
Right Service
Because It Is Built of
The RIGHT MATERIAL
THE HARTMANN Wardrobe Trunks are 40-inches
high and will hold as many garments as any 45-inch Trunk.
Therefore, you will find a great saving in your excess
charges, which is from 10 to 15 pounds less than any
trunk of a like quality manufactured.
THE PATENTED CUSHION TOP WHICH IS FOUND ONLY IN
"HARTMANN" TRUNKS, LOCKS YOUR GARMENTS PER
FECTLY AT THE END OF THE TRUNK AND A SIMPLE RE
TAINING BAR LOCKS THEM AT THE CENTER.
The Shoe Box at the bottom is superior to pockets, as It U so placed
as to be out of the way and makes it very convenient to get your shoes
without disturbing your garments. THE HARTMANN TRUNKS have
many exclusive features not found in other makes of U-unks which makes
them a pleasure to use, and you'll not find a wrinkle in your garments
at the end of the trip The cost is no more than you will have to pay for
any ordinary Wardrobe Trunk.
Summer Vests
15c, 25c to $1.00
THE WOMAN SEEKING comfort and
economy in Summer Vests can come to
"THE FAIR" store with a feeling of assur
ance that she will find something exactly
suited to her requirements and a price
range that includes the inexpensive as well
as the very finest grades that are higher in
their cost.
SWISS AND JERSEY RIBBER VESTS
as low proced as 15c, 25c and all prices be
tween up to $1.00 each. Some have taped
shoulders and yoke; others lace trimmed,
and those that have the popular French
tops. You can have choice of the sleeveless
kind as well as those with short sleeves.
Women's Union Suits
50c, 75c to $1.50
OUR LINE OF WOMEN'S SUMMER
WEIGHT Unionsuits is very comprehensive
embracing many styles and a price range
that assures a selection adapted to one's
individual needs and at a cost within the
limits of her purse From 50c per suit the
prices advance is by slow degrees up to
$1.50.
UNIONSUITS OF FINE mercerized cot
ton yarns and Fine Lisles; some made low
neck without sleeves; others have Dqjch
neck and short sleeves; tight ribbed knee,
or loose bottom lace trimmed; all sized
from 34 to 44. Kayser's gauze Lisle Union
suits, with French top of Italian Silk
Women's Silk Vests $2 and $2.50
THE WOMAN THAT apppreciatcs the absolute comfort and luxurious feel that
comes with wearing pure Silk Undergarments, will be first to recognize this special
value in Silk Vests. And Kayser's Silk Vests, Unionsuits and Teddies are the accepted
standard by which all other garments are measured.
EVERY WOMAN IS FAMILIAR WITH their superior excellence both in style and
quality; they are here in plain white, blue and flesh colora. VEST AT $2 and $2.50.
KAYSER'S SiU Lnionsuits at $5; And Silk Teddies priced at $4.00 each.
JMff
Think What These Lowered Prices On
SUITS AND DRESSES
Mean To Your Vacation Pockethook
THE INTEREST OF MANY women will be centered on these Smart Cloth Suits that are aellins t
ONE-THIRD less than regular prices. Others will be enthusiastic over the charming Silk Frocks at like re
ductions. BE THAT AS IT MAY every woman who contem plates the purchase of & Suit or a Dress should plan
to be at "THE FAIR" tomorrow morning to see the VALUES THAT ARE HERE. Of course, there la not aa
unlimited number of garments in this sale but enough to make choosing easy And they are all styles that
you will be glad to own. and delighted to wear. 1
INFANTS '
Ruben Shirts
WE HAVE BEEN JUST as
thoughtful of "bauy" in our prepara
tions for summer comfort as we have
of the grown-ups and our stock is re
plete with the best in Infants' under
garments And despite present mar
ket conditions, you will find values up
to their usual high standard; and
prices as low as consistent with qual
ity. RUBEN SHIRTS of fine combed cot
ton yarn, sizes 1 to 6 years at 35c,
Cotton and Wool Mixed kinds at 50c;
The All-Wool and the Silk and Wool
Grades are priced at 75c, upwards to
$1.50.
INFANTS' TAB BANDS in cream
white, priced at 3.r.; for those of cot
ton and 50c and 75c for the all-wool
qualities
U 9
Children's Nazareth Union Suits 50c
CHILDREN'S NAZARETH WA.'ST UNIONSUITS in sizes from 2
to 14 years, with low neck, no sleeves, knee length, drop seat, button
front; button attachment for bloomers and hose supporters; surely the
most practical summer undergarments for girls and boys Priced at 50c
each. NAZARETH WAISTS in sizes 2 to 14 years at 25c each.
Boys' Balbriggan Underwear 25c
INEXPENSIVE SUMMER undergarments for beys; genuine Bal
briggan Shirts and Drawers, ecru color, in sizes 24 to 34. Drawers have
sateen trimmnd fronts with pearl buttons; shirts arc made with short
sleeves. . very exceptional value at 25c a gar ui net.
I '
Boys' Summer Union Suits 50c
JUST THE KIND OF UNIONSUITS to make a boy comfortable on
a hot summer's day; of fine Balbriggan in ecru color; .sizes 24 to 24;
Athletic style, which means low neck, no sleeves and ankle length, elec
tic knit waistband, per suit 50c.
Women's Silk Stockings $1
A Full Range of Summer Shades
--DAME FASHION, when she turns to Hosiery, decrees the bright, brilliant
shades lor the summertime. And there's no Hosiery stock ill the entire Southwest
that Is better prepared to serve you. or that offers you the broad range of colors in
inexpensive blockings that is represented in our gathering of $1.25 S'lk Hose.
WOMEN ARE REALIZING more and more, the chic appearance, as wpII as the
comfort which go with wearing the light or bright shades in stockings. Here you
will find every fashionable shade women will want at $1.25 a pair.
Colorful New
Sunshades
$2 Upwards to $10
THIS SEASON THE PARASOL
is positively essential; no good dres
ser will think of going without on is.
Nor were styles ever before so varied
or charmingly new as now.
SHAPES, COLORS, MATER
IALS ARE ALL DIFFERENT.
PLAIN STRIPES,' AND COM
BINATION EFFECTS OF
STRIPES OR CHECKS WITH
FLORAL OR PERSIAN BOR
DERS. ..THEN THERE ARE THOSE beau
tiful new Sports Parasols, in all the
popular shdaeis of the summertime,
made vivid with their splashes of bar
baric color.'. And with all their pretti
nets, there's a moderation, of price
that will prove most welcome.
Meadowbrook
Madras 65c Yd.
..THE WOMAN, whose, husband
needs shirts, and who reserves the
privilege of making them herself will
be glad to select from thu splendid
assortment of Meadowbrook Madrases,
white grounds with black or varied
colored stripes, of very fine quality
and a high lustrous finish; 32-inchet
wide, per yard 65c.
Women's Fiber
Stockings 35c
..THERE ISN'T ANYTHING UN
USUAL about this price for Fiber Silk
Stockings, 35c a pair But we feel
when you see the value represented
by the price, you will utter an ex
clamation of delight, for these Stock
ing! are a bargain even if conditions
were normal, they come in black and
white only, sizes 8' 2 to 10 inclusive,
a pair 35c.
Shantungs 98c
In Sports Designs
SHANTUNGS IS THE favorite
material for smart summer Dresses
and suits; ground colors include Alto;
Blue, Jade. Navy National Blue. Rose,
Gold and Oyster White, with sports
dots, figures and ring designs in the
brilliant, daring shades so popular this
season, 3 G Inches wide, per yard 9Sc.
Suits and
Dresses for
Suits and
Dresses for
Suits and
Dresses for
Suits and
Dresses for
Suits and
Dresses for
.35 Reduced
From $18.50
$1C
.00 ; Reduced
From $22.50
$18
.35 Reduced ;
" From $27.50
61 Q
.70 Reduced
From $29.50
$23
.35 Reduced
From $35.00
Women's Sweaters
At Reduced Prices
1 -4 OFF MaMngs
WOMEN'S LIGHT WEIGHT Wool Sweaters
have been humbled in price, they're in a variety of
attractive styles and are the ideai summer outer gar
ment for autoiiiK. for wear on a trip to the mount
ains, or cool evenings at the beach.
They have large collars, belts, cuffs, or sash
long in body and very well made; colors include rose,
maize. Kelly, purple, and Copenhagen as well as
pretty combination effects. Choose Monday and
SAVE ONE-FOURTH.
$6:53 SWEATERS FOR $4.85
$7.50 SWEATERS FOR $5.65
$10X0 SWEATERS FOR $7.50
Porch Dresses $1.98
THE LOW FKH'K is not the only attractive
fealure of these smart Porch Dresses that are to sell
tomorrow at $1.9S But their unusual style and
splendid quality of material and making is of eqiMil
importance. Made of Galatea. Gingham. Percale and
Madras; larpe collars and cuffs, belts that are lixise,
ur stitehed-on, big roomy pockets SPECIAL $1.9S.
Lingerie Blouses
Chic Style and (ftlJ
Unusual Value Vr
IN DIRECTING YOUR PARTICULAR attention
to this Monday offer of dainty Summer Blouses, we wish
to impress upon you very forcibly that it doe ot con
sist of a lot of Waists carried over from other seasons
But. BLOUSES that are absolutely NEW, CLEAN and
CRISP, down-to-the-minute in style not a last season's
model among them EVERY LATE DESIGN IS
SHOWN.
MADE OF SOFT, SHEER. Lingerie 'Materials In
cluding Voile, Organdy, Marquisette and BatUte in
white, or white combined with dainty summer shades,
daintily and attractively trimmed with the fine laces,
tucks and hand-embroidery all sites in the assorment;
values up to $2.50 for $1.98.
Children's Dresses
IN A DIVERSITY OF NEW- MODELS that com
bine beauty with utility. There are low-belted ad
Russian styles with pleated or flarim skirt, also Qne
Piece and Middy effects with collars and cuffa In con
tracting colors; others trimmed with embroidery, braid
or piping Ages 2 to 8 years at 65c to $2.50 AGES from
S to 14 years for $1.25 to $3.50. r.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 24, 1917.
THREE
J
v
l
-1
.a
4
1
"4
f
J
-V
.
?
i
Garry Herrrnan Urges Baseball
As Means of Relaxing During
Continual Strain of the War
S
PORT pessimists will do well to I vestment of millions of dollars and
read Garry Herrmann's crisp, log-j siring employment directly and indi
leal statement on the immediate reVtly to mt'.ny thousands of men. As
future of the game In the July Is-1 a mere Industry it is entitled to at the
Bue of the Baseball Magazine. The! same consideration as other industries
fflfi mm
chief executive of baseball's supreme
court does not fear to meet the outlook
with' a confident, front
Predicting a gloomy future for base
ball seems to be a popular pastime.
Several extremists have not hesitated1
: of like dimensions, for the revenue de
I rived solely from business is a vital
i concern of any nation in time of war.
But, unlike most other industries.
baseball is peculiarly dear to the Am-
to propheslze that the sport would, nP,.fTV, ri ' Pm,in , 'ir
avocations in time of war even more
than in normal times, the mental re
laxation which baseball furnishes. An
industrial cannot perform his day's
work wf.en laboring under a continu
al mental depression. Some relaxa
tion, amusement if you will, is a neo-
I essity for all of ns. Baseball. I be
; lieve, furnirhes such relaxation in the
i highest possible form.
I For there is nothing frivolous, no'h
I ing discondant, nothing out of har
I mony with the serious public situa-
i tion. in a game like baseball. It tends
cease entirely next season. Others
less pessimistic have forseen all sorts
of calamities which are about to as
sail the grand old game, varying from
a destructive draft of players to a
ruinous loss of patronage.
It. is obviously no part of my official
1 duty as charman of the national com
mission to cry "Peace where there is
no peace" or to minimize the actual
difficulties which doeonfront baseball
But. frankly, I can see no justification
for f.he views of the alarmers who see
breakers ahead, nor do I, for a mo
ment haltevA flint ftnKPhnlf will rr
should cease to be a permanent fen-' to deve,P a,hfetic a,llty and en"
tun, of American life. (courage Une for athletic prowess
When a nation declares war. it B!whlth are tlle fundamental of strong
nat.ral for many people to give way! military organization,
to hysteria. It is also natural to class ! I" the big concentration camps
most industries other than the manu-: wl1- to e established, the gov
facMiring of shrapnel and the growing' eminent rightly realizes that some
of grain and potatoes as unnecessary : thing is needed to occupy the minds
activities and. to that extent, luxuries.! cf the soldiers when they are not
It is true that in time of war all in- bnsy at drill, and plans to encourage
dustires must be subordinated to;ne;t''e playing of asehall games, and
supreme industry of successful war-:11" organization of baseball teams,
farq. But it should be obvious to J The English government has also
sober second sight that the safest way acknowledged the usefulness of base
to conduct war successfully in these i,,a11 under such conditions and has
daj-s of huge armaments and tremend-i established and is maintaining bese
ous appropriations, is to maintain all; ball on sfa!e larger than ever as a
legitimate business upon a plane as ; mere adjunct to soldier life,
nearly normal as possible. i In short, baseball is essentially n
Organized baseball, it must be re-' war game and its activities, far from
membered, is not only a sport, it is being, curtailed, jiiould rather be
a gigantic industry involving the in-, stimulated by the present war.
f
NEW YORK GIANTS MIGHT SHOW GREATER -
BRAIN WORK AND JAWN MIGHT START IT
f'S GtAMTS A UTTLF V':'
i STRAIN IF HE StTVi': :'- -
WYE DOAl"
I . r.-r -
Like T 7
i ' -if A'' " 7,'- '--v1 -"
AX M?a
V:.- : Lt
-'.-4'
Little activity of a major sort is vis-1;
ible in any of the war t.'ieatres except iK
along the front in the Aisne region ' '.
of northern France. Here the Ger-:
man crown prince is engaged in a
series of attacks on the French lines. j:
along and near the western end of J
i the Chemin des Dames whpre the.:
curving front protects the German j I
fortress of Laon, which a further
French advance would menace. j
These attacks at one or two places.;
met with some success, notably near
Froidmont farm where on Friday a
considerable salient in the French
line fell into Cerman hands.
Friday night serious attempts were
made by the Germans to debauch from
this salient. The French fire was too
much for them, however, and no fur
ther progress was made. The artil
lery continued all day Saturday with
some violence in this and other sec
tors of the French front.
In the eastern war theatre there
are indications that important fighting
may again soon be under way.
While conditions in interior Russia
continue uncertain and mixed, the na
tion's armed forces seem to be rs
gaining their morale and to be nearly
ready to attacks once more.
Everywhere there are signs that the
general demand that the army move
without further delay cannot much
longer be resisted.
While the Kalians have let up In
their attacks in the Trentino, the suc
cess of their recent assault, which re
sulted in t.'ie capture of the important
height of Monte Ortiogara, is empha
sized today in the announcement that
the Austrians lost some of their heavy
artillery as well as suffering other
losses of magnitude in the operaTTon.
Four guns were taken by General
Cadorna's troops.
?V.LL. SCOTT AND BENZ. WHITE SO?
V El ICE AN S. KEEP FORM BY HARD ,Cl
I
J
i The New York Gia:;ts. have a front tarohM mrcliine, but they hava '
I displayed more thtn o:ici a want ci r.ii:i.r,o;. IT Jawn McGraw has'
' noticed the fl.iw he mifct r:- e his 1-cys an ir.-r iration by setting them a '
I better example. Son? fei r! ;? V. ji-.-.y's bsl avior on th diamond r.t
, times shows a lark' of Crip V ; -' ' .'or c;;;s;;p!? v hn J.e fiies a4.
y umpire in Ji fury ;:u t.voaita .;-s - c- sumclin. ti :'ie .--c.t.
IS IN THE CITY.
JOINS WIFE.
Tommy Sutton, the genial represen-' Jesse Yoakum Of Warren has gone
tative of Bishop and Co., of Los An- to California where be will enjoy him
gelei is In the city Interviewing the self at the beaches for a few weeks,
merchants as to their wants in the He will join Mrs. Yoakum there, as
cracker, candy and jelly lines. she left here several weeks ago.
AN INVITATION TO YOU!
TO sPFNn vmitt iAPATin-j at
and ?M
OCEAN PARK
CALIFORNIA -
Wondrrful brcrrcs to enjoy wonrWf.il ?cer.c
ralitarirs tronting inc
to view ! The iamuu-i
Pacific (Vran; cmi - tropical ocean - fron
nark: brnntiful Panta Monica Canyon: Pc
tiresque Topareo Canyon; the novel Camera
Obscuta; Japanese fishing village; masmrieent
beach r5, attractive amiiscmrnts ; goot schools
nd churches. Fine family hotels, rcasonauJe
rates, every courtesy and attention.
For information address the Secretary,
Santa Monica-Ocean Park Chamber
of Commerce. Santa Monica, CaL
v r. 7-, ' - .-
"VvliERE THE MSUifSUHS KEET IfiESEA"
cool mcifTs wa::h KrARTS
NO PLACE LIKC IT" IN ALL' AMeICA
The following item was received
fi'jm E. F. A. Larrieu, of the Two
Peaks Mining company, at Turner, who
a,ked that it be published in hopes
that the owner of the homing pigeon
described therein might be located.
Knowing that there were a number of
pigeon owners in the Wairen District
he might find some one that knew of
the bird.
"TURNER. June 22. Last Thurs
day, the 14th at 12 o'colck noon, a
homing pigeon arrived on a visit to
The Two Peaks mines, evidently com
ing a long v.ay, and immediately made
Hmse't" at hon;e. He was first seen
ty John AKard, the vice president of
.lie company. The pigi'aa flew into
..UarJ'rt tent and lit on 4is water
jacket and began drinking. Noticing
j .hat there was a band on his foot,
i AkarJ called to Lee Trowbridge to
lo;-c the flaps of the tent while he
! aught the bird. On the right hand
: irtot was an aluminum band with the
.oliowlng inscription stamped thereon:
iw O. C. 1917; 92.' It was evident
'.at '2 was probably the number of
, Mrd.
The little traveler was fed and a
pan of water placed in a tree l'jr his
convenience. While resting up several
days, he would soar high in the sky
above the Peake, bjt would return.
Finally on the evening of the 17th he
disappeared as suddenly as he arrived.
Parties owning the bird are requested
to write Two Peaks Mining company.
Turner, Arizona, should this Item be
called to their attention, as the boys
at camp would be interested in know
ing something of the birds history."
J
( ,- '-V'
BASEBALL RESULTS
NATIONALS
. f..
l '. lis "
1
f
'jfels fetf '
L'-:
(By ppview Leuscd V. irc )
r.ROOKLYN. June 23. Brooklyn re
turned from a disastrous trip and won
a double-header from T.oston. Both
games was -featured by brilliant field
ing, "one-handed catches by Stengel
and Wheat stopping Poston rallies.
Score First game: R. H. E.
i Boston 000 000 00 0 A 0
Brooklyn 300 000 On 3 9 0
Batteries: Barnes and Rowdy: Ca-
dore and Miller.
Scores Second game: R. H. E.
Boston 000 401 o0 5 10 2
Brooklyn 022 021 00(1 7 13 2
Batteries: Ragan. Allen and Gow-
dy; Smith, Coombs and Snydrr, Miller.
i
Philadelphia 8; New York 2.
PHILADELPHIA, June 23. r
Schupp's winning streak was borken
when he was knocked off the rubber
by Philadelphia in one inning, and
i New York was defeated. This was the
first game he lias lost since early last
September.
Score R. H. E.
New York 200 000 0"0 2 7 1
Philadelphia . ...610 100 00 8 10. 0
Batteries: Smith, Schupp, Middle
ton and Rariden. Kruegpr; Lavender
and Killifer.
Left: Jim Scott (above) and Lefty RusselL lUght: Joe Benz.
In Russell, Bcnz and Scott the Chicago White Sox have a trio of vet
eran twirling stars that can hardly be matched by any other team for hM-'f
work and long service. All of them are FnPT well th3 season &:ul vitii-'
Ed Cicotte, the te: m's brightest star, are winning lots of gams. ''-equans
working js. the lit I'-i.s. the .pitchers. in..toi shape.
ALL ATHLETES IS DISTRICT
INVITED TO ENTER TRACK AID
FIELD MEETHERE JULY FOURTH
Preparations for the Fourth of July Bronk Millard, J. B. Potter and Mr.
fiield and track meet to be held at
Warren Park on the morning of Inde
pendence Day were completed Friday
night. The meet will be staged un
der the A. A. U. ri'les and all entries
for the various events will be opened
up to and including" July 1. The meet
Shotwell, members, of general com
mittee. Official referee: W. B. Gohring.
Official Starter: J. B. Potter.
Official Announcer. Mr. Childs.
Clerk of Course: Sid Wertherm.
Field Judges: Arthur Notinan, Ed.
will be started at 10:30 o'clock in the Erwing and L. J. Hall.
MOTHER INQUIRES FOR SON
Deputy Sheriff Red Cannon has re
ceived a letter from Jerome asking
him to ry and locate L. Chester Hat
field, who was in this city a few
months ago. His mother id ill and his
brother is trying to locate Chester so
they can get in communication with
bim. He sometimes goes by the name
ht L. Chester. If anyone in the district
should know of his present where
abouts they will confer a favor by j
calling up Mr. Cannon and giving him-j
what information that they nave.
morning and should be over by 12:30
o'clock.
The events on the track program in
clude the 100-yard dash; mile run;
220-yard dash; 440-yard dash; SSO-yard
Finish Judges: George H. Cobbe, H.
C. Heurie and Gerald Sherman.
Timers: George Cobbe. Sam Briscoe,
Roy Benton and Major Whitney.
Scorers: Robert Wilbert and F. A.
dash; two mile race and half-mile re- McKinney.
lay race, with four ..men to each team . Medal Committee: Brown, Shotwell,
in the latter event. The shot-put, ' Millard and Potter. '
broad jump; hop-step-and-Jifmp and For the benefit of those who do not
high jump will make up the field pro-'. care for field and track sports, push
gram. ' . j mobile and burro races will be stag-
These events are open to all men ed. Wilson Marting. boys' secretary
in the Warren District and entries can of the Y. M. C. A., will be in charge
be made at any time from now on at cf these events, assisted . by Alfred
the Y. M. C. A. Building and with Truscott, C. A. Childs. Captain J. P.
members of the field committee up to Hodgson, D. A. Parrlsh and Harry
July 1. Crockett. All entries for the push-
The officials who will have charge ; mobile and burro races should be
of the events follow: made to the boys department any time
G. O. McConnell, Oliver Brown, i before July 1.
St. Louis 5; Cincinnati 1.
ST. LOL IS. June 23. Meadows was
in great form today and St. Louis beat
Cincinnati. Meadows gave but four
hits and did not pass a batter. Not a
Cincinnati player i,'ot beyond first un
til the ninth.
Score R. H. E.
Cincinnati 000 000 0011 4 1
St. Louis 2'H 011 01 5 9 1
Batteries: Ragan and Wingo; Mea
dows and Gonzales.
(By Review Leased Wire).
BOSTON, June 23.-r no-hit, no-run.
no man reached first base perform
ance by Ernest Shore; Boston twirler.
an assault upon Umpire Owens by
"Babe" Ruth, in which the umpire
was struck behind the ear, snd the
defeat of Walter Johnson by "Dutch"
Leonard, were incidents of the Vjrld's
champions' double victory over Wash
ington today.
Shore's entry into the elect list of
pitchers woo hnve shown perfect p-r-tonnancs
was made pofsible by
Ruth's banishment from the firyt
game. Ruth had pitched only to Ray
Morgan and Umpire Owens had given,
the latter his base ou balls. Ruth ar
gued the deciis.tm, the umpire orderea
him off the field, and the Bostou pitcii
er then struck at Owens. Other play
ers intervened and Ruth left the field.
Thereafter Shore and his fielders
turned back every Washington bats
man. Score First game: R. H. E.
Washington . ...0"0 0"0 0t( 0 o 3
Boston 010 0'0 30 4 9 0
Batteries: Avers and Henry; Ruth,
Shore and Thomas. Agnew.
Score Second game: R. H. E.
Washington . ...OMO 000 0000 4 2
Boston 002 OiiO 21" 5 9 0
Latteries: Johnson and Ainsuiith;
Leonard and Th'omas .
E.
4
Chicago 2-2; Pittsburg 0-0.
PITTSBCRG. June 23. Chicago
won both games from Pittsburg. The
second game went 10 innings. It was
a see-saw affair, Chicago scoring main
ly on misplays of Pittsburg players.
Score First game: R. H E.
Chicago 100 1"0 OOi) 2 .8 1
Pittsburg 000 000 0?0 0 4 0
Batteries: Dougias and Wilson; Ja
cobs, Carlson and FVher.
Score Second game: R. II. E.
Chicago 020 000 200 26 6 0
Pittsburg '. ...100 000 3u0 0 1 12 6
Batteries: Reuther, Hendrix, Sea
ton and Elliott; Steele .Miller and W.
Wagner.
New York 10-2; Philadelphia 4-t.
NEW YORK. Juno 23. New York
beat Philadelphia two sanies. Caldwetl
won both games for New York. John
son gave Caldwell a hard contest in
the second game. 1
Score First game: R. H.
Philadelphia . ..000 000 001 4 10
New York 321 120 10 10 10 2
Batteries: Noyes, Faikenberg and
Schang, Haley, Caldwell. Monroe and
Walters, Alexander.
Score Second game: R H. E.
Philadelphia . ...000 OdO 10 1 6 0
New York 000 000 0022 6 1
Batteries: j'jhnson and Schang:
Caldwell and Walters.
Coast Results
At Salt Lake R. H..E.
San Francisco 5 9 0
Salt Lake 2 7 0
Batteries: Smith and Baker; Lev
erenz and Hannah.
At San Francisco
Portland
Oakland
Batteries: Houck
Krause and Rbche.
R. H. E.
.... 1 8 0
3 9 0
and Baldwin;
At Los Angeles R. H. E.
Vernon .' 1 7 ,1
Los Angeles 2 7 0
Batteries: Quinn and Mitze; Hogg
and Bassler.
American Association
Sour Sto.macn.
This is a mild form of indigestion.
It is usually brought on by eat'ng too
rapidly or too much, 'or of iood not
suited to your digestive organs. If you
will eat slowly, masticate your food
thoroughly, eat but little meat and
none at all for supper,! you will more
than likely avoid the sour stomach
without taking any medicine whatever.
When you have sour stomach take one
of Chamberlain's Tablets to aid diges
tion. Advertisement.
L
BUILDINGS SOLD AT
PUBLIC AUCTION
Buildings And Ground Bid In
By Trustees of Benson Dis
trict Who Have Been Using
Building As Union High
School.
ments since they have been occupy
ing it.
Attorney Wile E. Jones was to have
been present at the sale but for some
unaccountable reason he failed to
show up although he had wired from
Phoenix that-he would be there to at
tend the sale.
There are 4.CG2.000 enemy aliens In
United States, of whom 2,349.000 are
Germans, according to Census bureau.
At Minneapolis. 2; Indianapolis, 3.
At St. Paul. 5; Toledo. 2.
At Kansas City, 9; Louisville, 6.
At Milwaukee-Columbus, rain.
Southern Association
Mobile, 7-1: Chattanoopa. 4-11.
Atlanta. 12-7; Little Rock, 4-1.
Birmingham, 1; Memphis, 5.
New Orleans, 1; Nashville, 2.
Chicago 2; Cleveland 1.
CHICAGO, Jane 23. Chicago and
Cleveland battled 15 icnir.es. Chicago
winning when Chapman allowed Mc
Muliin's grounder to go through him.
The locaTs had used most of their re
serve strength in the pinches and
were forced to put Pitcfler Russell
in left field, where he made two sen
sational catches.
Score R. H. E.
Clevel'd .000 100 000 000 000 1 7 3
Chica.ao .000 001 000 000 0012 11 1
Batteries: Morton. Ceumbe. Bagby.
CVveleskie and O'Neill; Eeuz. Dan
forth, Cicotte. Williams and Schalk.
At St. Louis-Detroit, wet grounds.
Western League
At Lincoln
Des Moines
Lincoln
Batteries: ODoul.
R.H. E.
0 9 3
5 10 2
Dcofn and
Breen; Gregory and Rohrer.
At Wichita R. H. E.
Joplin .6 6 1
Wichita 1 12 5
Batteries:. Mapel and Collins; de
mons and Yaryan.
At Omaha
Omaha
Sioux City
Batteries: Thompson.
R. H. E.
....1 4 0
....3 10 1
Merz and
Erottem; Gibver and Crosby.
At Denver R. H. E.
St. Joseph . 5 10 0
Denver .3 6 !
Batteries: Hovlik and Moore;
Smithson and Shestak.
Andrew Bonar Law. chancellor oft
British exchequer, announced that! New York American says that on
since beginning of war Great Britain! Monday next, unless all signs fail, the
has borrowed from United States $2,- actual drafting for the new army will
000,000.000. I begin.
SUMMERING AT REDONDO BEACH i
WILL DELIGHT THE WHOLE FAM
ILY. Plenty of good hotels, cottages
and apartments. The Famous Tent
City "by the sea" is now open. Com
pletely equipped tents for housekeep
ing, close to stores, amusements and
Famous Endless Pleasure Pier. You
can live as cheaply at Redondo as at
home. Mammoth dancing pavilion,
finest on coast. Largest salt water
plunge in western America. Play
ground for the tots with swings and
numerous healthful diversions. Picnic
The old Industrial school building at !
Benscn was sold at public auction in
front of the Court House in Tomb
stone on Friday and was bid in by the
Benson school trustees represented j
by G. W. Etz. The buildings and
ground brought $500.
This property was abandoned by the i
state several years ago when the in
dustrial school was moved from Ben
son to the present site at Fort Grant.
Since that time the building and
grounds have been used by the Ben
son school district as a union high
school.
The removal of the industrial school
from Benson to Fort Grant is regard
ed by the citizens of Benson as a
fortunate thing for their town as it
enables them to secure high school
facilities complete in every depart
ment that they otherwise might have
had much difficulty in finding and
which has been ably managed by Pro
fessor J. F. Robertson, for many years
Hf 1 ure- Nearly neutral.
. ' Sweetly scented. It produces a
t :ick, soft, creamy lather, rc-i.iov-?s
impurities, Ic-avinit the flcrh
fl is so.'t C3 velvet ana without that
c'rawn foelins always f'llo-.vin.j;
A tiiu uz& of an a'kaline conn.
f Oik c use it and you will be
Sac invert for life. '
cs.tH tu live;- ci;l ct iniilinif and I L-r
.. - " .rs r' - --..n.' j t
j McDonalds Manneiio shop '
I Fhone 305
grounds under shady trees. Redondo, superintendent of the schools at Mesa.
I'.oacb Is famous the world over for
its deep sea and pier fishing, Its surf
bathing and invigorating summer cli
mate. Tell your agent that you de
sire to check your baggage and pur
chase tickets direct to Redondo Beach
Had there been another bidder be
side the Benson school board, and he
had raised their bid and secured the
property he would have been . com
pelled to have paid bark to the school
For folder write. Chamber of Com-1 district about $10,000 which has been
merce, Redondo Beach, Call. (expended by the district for improve-
DR. W. . KINGSLEY (Oculist)
Specialist v
YD. K.VIt. NOSE and THROAT.
Several years' experience in Lon
uio, LerUn, Paris. Vienna. Deco
;it '! !:' ,n; of Koutnanla In 1913.
Office, 122 N. Stone Avenue.
Nigl't Plinn 507-J.
Eyes Fitted For Glasses
Tucson, ... Arizona.
VL
Our Uncle Sam has decided that by 'Selective Draft
we will raise the most efficient army The right man for
the right place
It is up to you to "Select" a garage that can attend
to any trouble with your machine.
We will admit that 'that garage is ours.
We handle a large assortment of accessories, Vee
dol lubricants, etc
LONG TRAIL GARAGE
Phone 831
Johnson Addition
Remember our Motto: "Courtesy and Efficiency rouR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 24, 1917.
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertisine Rates on Application.
ntred as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona.
- Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH I .75
THREE MONTHS 25
SIX MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.60
SUNDAY (Car Weekly) per year.. 2.50
SUNDAY Onr Weekly) per Quarter .75
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 78 Cent.
PHONE NO. 39.
rteview subscribers not receiving a copy of The BIsbfe
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will cet one) promptly fry
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 39. ' The Review will con
sider it a favor If the Irregularity of delivery la reported,
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger service
applies-to Bisbee only.
Sunday Morning, June 24, 1917.
LAST PULL FOR $100,000,000.
Yesterday, at noon, the people of the Warren Dis
trict had subscribed $17,928.70 to the Red Cross War
Fund. The week, given over to the campaign,
throughout the country, in which to raise $100,000,
000 will be over Monday night and Bisbee expects
her quota to be at least $25,000.
Let it not be said that this community is a "tight
wad."
The most stupendous and appealing call in the
history of the world to aid suffering humanity con
fronts our Red Cross," said Henry P. Davidson some
days ago. "Millions of men who have been fighting
for liberty lie dead or wounded; millions of women
and children are homeless; hundreds of towns and
villages have been destroyed; disease and distress
are rampant.
"Up to now our people have not suffered. While
Europe has been pouring out her lifeblood, America
ha experienced a prosperity she had never known
before.
"But now we ourselves are- in this gigantic war.
We now see that the struggle against autocracy and
tyranny which our allies have been making is and
has from the first been, in reality, no less our strug
gle than theirs. We ourselves must now share the
suffering which they have endured; we, too, must
bear the burdens and we must do our part in a real
way."
Mr. Davidson speaks of the needs of the Red Cross
and our part in the war from an international, a hu
manity, standpoint. But look at it purely from a
selfish one!
Our soldiers, our sons, our boys, relatives and
friends, our very lifeblood, will soon be on the battle
front, mingling with the men who have stood staunch
and firm in Western Europe that democratic prin
ciples might be saved to the world. They will be
three thousand miles away from American soil and
many of them will be six thousand miles away from
friends, relatives and those whom they hold near
and dear.
It is up to some agency In the United States to
afford a connecting link; to provide them with ome
of the things that an army organization does not
give. It is the Red Cross which will fill the breach.
And in order to do so the American people must give
and give liberally to its support.
As an accident insurance a donation to the Red
Cross is unbeatable. It will mean some kind of com
fort to some soldier of this or some other country.
It will mean aid, mental and physical to those men
who are fighting for the retention of American prin
ciples. It is a little thing to give, with such a large
measure of return to those who do the giving.
Then, too, the countries of Europe are war ridden.
By that is meant they have been ravaged. Homes
have been been destroyed; whole provinces turned
into slaughtering pens and their populations moved
into adjoining countries. The women and children
are floating derelicts; homeless and without rudder
to their craft.
It is up to us the richest, the most prosperous and
tne happiest nation on earth to give them what
surcease from their sorrows and their troubles, we
can. The least ws, can do is to pour old gold into
some coffer which will dispense with those aids in the
best manner possible.
The best manner possible is the American Red
Cross. That organization is international in its
scope and humanitarium in its work. Its flag is the
symbol of humility; of service, of good, of charity;
in short, of Christianity.
Bisbee is asked to give $25,000.
What a little sum for a community of this size.
Surely we can not fail to do our part.
The Arizona Republican Is crying for more houses iu
rhoenix. Experience in the Salt River Valley, in the
summer, would lead the casual observer to the conclusion
that It is not houses but sleeping porches and electric
fans that are needed.
Conserve your food and the larder will take care of
itself.
TAXING NEWSPAPERS.
The newspaper business, like any other, should pay its
just proportion of the costs of government, correctly says
The New York Times. It always has. Newspapers pay
taxes upon their real estate, they pay corporation taxes,
they are subject to the Federal corporation income tax.
The money they pay out for print paper, ink, and other
materials goes to pay the taxes of the producers thereof.
Newspapers have never been favored with exemption
from taxes. They have no desire to be so favored.
What has put into the heads of some Senators and Re
presentatives the notion that newspapers should be
singled out as a subject of special taxation, put in
class apart from all other corporations and property own
ers, and made to pay taxes not levied upon other similar
industries? The House Committee proposed an increase
in second-class postage rates that would have been- not
merely burdensome but practically prohibitory upon news
paper circulation in parts of the country remote from
the seal of publication. There was an attempt to justify
this proposed, increase by the assertion that the present
second-class rate does not pay the cost of transportation
that the newspapers are for this reason actually in debt
to the Government or under obligations to 1L Apart from
questions of fact involved as to which there is room for
much dispute, the obligation is quite the other way. The
newspapers of the country perform services for the Gov
ernment that cannot be measured in money terms. They
disseminate information, they make the Government's
policies known to the people, they make daily contribu
tions to- the stock of public knowledge, they raise the
level of public .intelligence. They directly and powerfully
assist the Government In its appeals to the spirit of pat
riotism of the people as in the great part they played
in the recent campaign for the Liberty Loan. Neverthe
less, no newspaper wants to be in debt to the Govern
ment. If the second-class postal rates of newspapers are
not remunerative, let the Government determine the
actual costs of newspaper transportation, apart from the
cost of transporting magazine and other periodicals,
which is an entirely different matter, and fix the charge
accordingly. The newspapers will not complain of that
The proposed 2 per cent tax upon advertising receipts
was another venture in special taxation upon newspapers.
It was without any basis in justice or sound theory, it
singled out the newspapers as if for punishment It was
not proposed that any like tax should be laid upon any
other business. Now the Senate Committee has under
consideration an excess profits tax upon newspapers, pro
gressive in a degree which would make it burdensome in
the extreme. This tax seems to have been based upon
the theory that newspapers are a war industry. That
theory has no- foundation whatever. The business re
ceipts of many newspapers may nave been increased dur
ing the war, but so have their expenses. The increase
was due more to industry and courage and enterprise
than in war. It is probably true that the war itself has
not directly increased the property value of newspapers.
Unlike munition plants, they make nothing that it direct
ly used for war purposes. If any industry is to be taxed on
war profits, it must be shown that the profits have ac
crued from war sales. There is no shadow of justififlca
tion for putting newspapers in a class with factories
turning out rifles, powder, shells, and cannon.
The newspapers of the country are loyal, they have
always been willing to support the Government. They
are entirely willing to support it now, they will give free
ly of their profits and their substance to enable the Gov
ernment to pay the costs of war, but they see no justice
in the attempt, to single them out for special burdens,
heavier by far than those Imposed upon the majority of
other industries. The corporation income tax has been
willingly paid, it is easily collected. That is an indica
tion of the direction in which the Government should pro
ceed In its efforts to obtain new revenue. The news
papers will make no objection to taxes upon corporate
or individual incomes justly and equitably assessed upon
ail business interests in the country. In any system of
taxation that may be adopted, the precept that it is not
wise to destroy the source from which revenue is derived
should be kept steadily in view.
ALBANY'S DILEMMA.
The New York State military census takers in Albany
are puzzled as to just how they will tabulate an unmar
ried, nineteen-year-old Albany girl, who gave these an
swers on her census blank:
"What is your business?"
"Colporteur" (One who sells or distributes religious
tracts.)
"Are you in business for yourself?"
"No."
"If not, what is the name of your employer?"
"The Lord."
"What is your employer's business?"
"Forgiving sins."
"What is your employer's address?"
"The heavenly sanctuary?"
By way of diversion it might be Interesting to know
if the Kaiser couldn't throw some interesting light on
Albany's dilemma.
Punchy Paragraphs
And Painful Poetry
REVOLTS NOW FACE BOTH TIIE IIOHENZOLLERNS AND THE
HOENRAKES
The Last Straw.
I never whimper, wife, when yVu insist
On being there to help me buy a hat,
Or hand me every day a shopping list.
I don't object to that
I never kick, though all your kin may
make
A visit for a month and in a bunch;
I never murmur though you let me
take
But fifteen cents for lunch.
I'm meek, submissive, mild and very
nice,
I never smoke, I never, never, swear.
And, wife, I'll let, (now mat
they've raised the price!)
I'll let you cut my hair!
But, woman, know that in a rage and
heat
I'll drag and beat you, and I'll bruise
your eye, '
If you sbtmld ever stop me on the
street
To rearrange my tie!
Today's Sneer.
Man is as prone to Beef as is its
price to fly upward.
Of Course.
When clumsy Hopley Butting
Tred her tootsies in the dance.
Her look was very cutting.
There were daggers in the glance!
Maxims of a Mother.
A slipper in the hand is worth two
in the future.
One clean ear deserves another.
A thing of duty is a boy forever!
Life is one case of measles after an
other.
Never give up your daughters until
they're matched.
Hell hath no fury like a boy un
adorned.
Never.
Oh, Life's a play that some may hiss
and roast it all the way to Dover, and
yet we're very sure of this we never
leave before it's over!
Dovajn vajiTh -The .... j
HOE -N-RAKE jiff
-S- vife6 Cot -To ma 6 ' )
53 Tm v""1lC I -T- t T
sort when they contrive to get your
goat. Oh, many love to dote and fuss
'o'er children at their pretty play, and
yet, at times it seems to us, they're
really somewhat in the way. He is in
deed a cross old beast who views them
Strange Case.
'You have just graduated from col
lege," said the older man humorously
to the younger one, "and I suppose i'ou
are now prepared to set the world
right"
'Not at all," said the youth quietly.
'What! Do you mean to tell me
that you are a newly graduated college
youth and do not plan to rid the world
of its problems? Didn't you write a
graduation essay outlining uneiiy a
scheme for the reformation of the uni
"Nothing of the sort," said the grad
uate and turned away. The older man
was amazed. A parent of the youth
approached.
"Overstudy, we think it is," he said.
We are very anxious about him. With
rest and quiet he may be ready to re
form the world next fall."
all with frowning lace, who never sees
in them the least of simple charm or
pretty grace; yet he, upon the other
hand, who says he loves to have them
near, we wonder if he means it and
we wonder if he's quite sincere.
Though often cute as they can be and
nice to pat up'on the head, at times
we're rather glad to see them packed
away and sent to bed!
The Missing Link.
The race has missed a "missing link,"
At least so Darwin seemed to think;
This link that somehow made escape
Would link the human with the ape.
Let Darwin's ilk, in ones and twos.
Be linked with apes, then, if they
clAJose,
But we who have a little pride
Would call that QUITE undignified.
And, anyway, we han;;y timir..
However "missing" is the Link,
(Or strayed or lost or something
such).
That WE are missing very much!
DO YOUR DUTY. SUBSCRIBE TO THE
Med Cross
War Fund
PROTECT THE AMERICAN SOLDIER
AND SAILOR.
THIS SPACE DONATED BY THE CITIZENS
BANK AND TRUST CO.
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbss, Arizona.
Will E. McKee, President C. A, McDonald, Cashier
Apropos of nothing but thinking of epitaphs, the county
seat removal petition should be soon saying to its Douglas
sponsors, in the words of Antonio:
"You cannot better be. employed, Douglas.
"Than to live still, and write mine epitaph."
John J. Pershing's forefathers came from Alsace. The
New York World suggests a triumphal arch in the city
of Mulhausen in his honor. Not yet, but we hope, soon.
Chicago now boasts of women highwaymen, who liolj
up and ron men. which Is precisely the sort oi tnin
we'd expect Chicago to boast of.
Turkish Towels.
Turkey exports more towels than
any other country, which' is largely be
cause the average Turk has no use for
a towel himself. When the first Turk
made a towel he couldn't , imagine
what to do with it so he sold it to a
tourist and in this way the Turkish
towel industry arose. A Turk has nc
patience with a towel. As soon as he
makes one he wants ft) have It out oi
his sight. He doesn't mind Turkish
4
rugs and he will even smoke a Turkish
cigaret, but a Turkish towel guts him
going. The leading feature of a Turk- r
ish towel is that you can dry yoursell
on both sides, which makes it of pe
tial value. Operating a Turkish towel
is quite a knack and most people de
velop their own styles of play. A man
can get more vigorous exercise aftei
a morning bath in drying his bark
witli a Turkish towel than in hurtling
trunks. The only objection to Turkish
towels as an exercise is that it doesn't
get you out in the open air.
Usually.
The young husband came home ft)
find his pretty bride busy about the
kitchen. She haj on a cute little
apron and was humming happily as
she stirred in a bowl. It was clear
that she was going to cook something.
"What are you going to do?" he
asked tactlessly, "Cook up some bis
cuits as tough and soggy as th'e last
ones?"
He reachcu lo get a drum oi water.
"They were terrible!''
The brute. He didn't see that she
had cuddled her lovely head in a
chubby arm and vas weeping softly.
"I ain't hardly got over 'ein yet."
And then ne turned to sue how his
words had pained her.
"Aw, I'm sorry, honey. But any man
that gets a cute wife expects to get
acute indigestion!"
tpMiii mute)
'ft fk Subscribe To The ' wL
Pfi RED CROSS tUljf
m WAR FUND
t NOW !
4HJ This Space Donated by I
ffl MINERS & MERCHANS BANK - Wf
nM l-TT-T-TTTir-nrTi-- ni nfT ilV?2 ' " I
lm kill 4-1 i t ul l M hi: mitix : m i ' ru '
fty?1 t ' l 1 1m' "V 51' ' P11 . -f .
i
i .
The Little Ones.
Yhoever goes along the way and
iews with cold, unfeeling eye the lit
tle children at their play, is called
a pretty sour old guy! and lie is hated
by their maws and made the butt of
knocks and sneers ho seldom has the
mood to pause end pat the darling lit
tle dears. We Rve the babe, we love
the tot, our tender heart tliey oft en
mesh, yet of them all. alas, a lot are
very flip and very f:esh! It is a treat
to see them sport and ail their little
fancies note and yet it's uotuiug of the
F'xperiments said to have been suc
cessful, liave recently been carried out
at Weslinghouse munition plants .at
Springfield in changing Russian rides
so that they will use American armv
ammunition.
This Bank is managed by Officers and
Directors chosen for their integrity, high
standing and experience in financial mat
ters. We invite your consideration of this
Bank and welcome YOUR account.
Bank with us.
Winchester In first town in Greater
Boston to pass its quota. $100,1100, of
subscriptions for Liberty bonds.
Review Want Ads for Results THE BI5BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 24, 1917. "
nvE
DOUGLAS LADY FOUND
DEAD HAS BEEN
FULLY IDENTIFIED
Through The Efforts of De
puty Sheriff Chas. Cross,
Murder Mystery of Smelter
HOUSE ADOPTS FOOD
ILL WITH STRONG
PROHIBITION CLAUSE
(Continued Fron Fas;e One)
posals finally pass In the house, a
fight will be made in the senate, al-
City Has Been Solved. Body ! though much prohibition sntiment has
of Mexican Woman Named ZdZ;
Cuca Sosa. On the amendment authorizing gov
ernment use of distilled spirits there
PEOPLE NOT AWAKE
TO SERIOUSNESS OF
THE EUROPEAN WAR
General John J. Pershing, Now
In France, Tells of Efficient
And Great Work Done By
The American Red Cross.
(By John J. Pershing.)
I was requested, by some of the
officers of the organization to say a
SCARBOROUGH. fflUL SUET LINES
GEO. SCi
MURDERER,
IN NEW
I
n
OF E. P.JML W. R. R.
Was Going Under Assumed New nef uallds Southern
Nrv, ,, W. P,vi,.j n Pacific West From Tucson
r r a Cm at.j
oy onenir Alter umcer
From Bisbee Appeared On
The Scene.
Crnm Hill T3fP Un -
. 5 , - . r " - UUl ll.M UU.. uv iciui ucu J 11
Advices received from Douglas are, was no roll call and only a few scat-j word as to tlfe part the Red Cross1 Friday from a trip to the Elephant
to the effect that the so-called murder ( tered names were heard on the viva ' played in our little expedition into
mystery or me uuiaenunea woman : voce vote. I Mexico
has been solved through the actions j Originally proposed by Representa
of Deputy Sheriff Chas. Cross. A few tive of North Carolina, it was acconip
days ago he found- a man who lives In i lished by Chairman Lever of the agrl-
Pirtleville who gave him the erst in
formation and told him that the woman
was a Mexican named Cuca Soca and
that he knew It was her from the fact
that he bad bought her the parasol
that was found by the body and also
other articles that were found there.
He also informed the deputy of a
culture committee and was adopted on Mexico.
his motion.
Near Fight Results,
There was a hot debate over the
prohibition features. Wets and drys
accused each other of unfairness and
Representative Meeker, of Missouri,
Republican, and Representative Kelly,
Just before Christmas. Miss Board
man wrote me a note and asked me
what you could do for the men in
I telegraphed her a list of
woman who lived on 13th street who j of Pennsylvania, Democrat, got Into
was well acquainted with the woman such a row that their friends sur-
. I . ,1 1 . 1. n.,f I J . .1 .1 " .
ana wno Knew an oi ciowe aim
described the buttons on some of the
garments as well as the ear screws.
The woman has been partially in
sance for some time, in fact for nearly
two years and a few weeks prior to
her disappearance an application was
made to have her taken to the county
hospital but this was denied. Accord
ing to the woman, Cuca disappeared
and she thought that Cusa had been
taken to some institution so that she
gave the matter no further thought
It is her opinion and also that of the
officer that Cusa had an insane at
tack and crawled up under the porch,
where her body was found, and died.
Deputy Cross is confident that there
was no crime committed and that the
woman died a natural death.
NEW YORK GHARTERS
PROSCRIBE GIFTS TO
RED CROSS BRANCHES
rounded them to prevent a physical
encounter and then had the words
they exchanged stricken from the re
coid. When the house, returned to con
sideration of other sections of the bill,
an amendment by Representative
Keating, of Colorado, providing that
nothing in the bill shall be construed
as repealing or affecting the labor ex
emption provisions of the Sherman
Anti-Trust Law, quickly was rejected,
450 to 162. Mr. Keating read a letter
written by Herbert C. Hoover, to
Chairman Lever, endorsing the amend
ment, but Mr. Lever insisted that a
combination of men in time of na
tional distress might attempt to limit
things that I thought might be accept
able as Christmas presents, thinking
that she would select from these some
one thing to give to each man. But
she sent word around to the various
chapters throughout the country, and
prepared not only a comfort bag, but
a comfort bag containing each and
everyone of those articles for each
man in the division.
Making the Soldier Feel Someone
Cares.
The point I wish to make is that
those things bring the soldier to re
member that the people at home are
behind him. Yon do not know how
Butie dam, the Review learns that
George Edwin Scarborough was caught
near Engle, N. M., a few days ago.
Ruff was approached by the deputy
sheriff tnere who asked him if he
knew Scarborough and he replied that
he did. The next day the ofti.cer told
him that they had captured him and
Uiat he was being held for the sheriff
of Hillsboro. The sheriff from that
place arrived during' that afternoon
and took him to HillsboiV). At the time
that Scarborough was arrested the or
ficer told him that they also captured
a man named Smith, who had escaped
with the former from the Arizona pen
itentiary. There must he some mis
take about the latter statement, as
there was no one by the name of
Smith that escaped with Scarborough.
He had tV others with him, one by
the name of George Townsley and the
.,, . v j i- j . I other by the name of Pitts. It may be
who are going abroad., ou do not .. . . .
know how much that means to any
soldier who is over there carrying the
flag for his country. That is the
point, I want to say, that should be
uppermost in the minds of those who
are working for the soldier.
The great work, however, for this
Red Cross, if you do not mind my
going a little further, is to help our
the manufacture of food necessaries j allies. The people of France are in
if such an exemption were made.
Senate Marks Time.
sore straits. The drain that comes
upon the French people reduces their
In the senate virtually no progress ; ower to fight, and we must meet
was made on the bill during the day.
The leaders were unable to hold a
quorum and consented to an adjourn
ment after a a short session devoted
mostly to routine.
Senator Gallinger tpld the senate to
day that press reports were erroneous relieve the French nation from the
in saying he opposed thje administra- drain uDon it which will in turn be
Many New York Corporations j t"011 bil1- He said he opposed only a
drain upon its military resources.
Advised Bv Attornevs of-i"certaln objectionabIe" features and 0ur people Still To Wake Up.
. ..... ?J . ., 3 n , denied that he was among those lead;- Tne feeling among our people Is
Inability 1 0 OUDSCTlDe. rcea . ing the opposition as representative Of very ia3L our people have not begun
their deficiencies. Therefore, it is our
first duty to help them rehabilitate
themselves. We must help their or
phans and their widows. We must
help put them in a position to produce.
We must help them in every way to
Cross, Dividends Substituted
Owing to the fact that attorneys
have advised numerous corpora
tions, which operate under New
York charters, that It will be im
possible for them to contribute,
directly, to the Red Cross in its
various branches, the Phelps
Dodge Corporation, of which the
Copper Queen is the local branch,
has been similarly effected. . , ,
When the Red Cross week was
brought forward, some time ago,
many corporations in New York,
through their legal advisers, look
ed into the question and found
that they would be unable to con
tribute. ' In order to get around
the technical side, in many cases,
they have declared Red Crocs
dividends and have advised those
receiving them to apply them to
the Red Cross. This has been
done in a large number of in
stances and the totals, so far sub
scribed to the $100,000,000 fund,
give mute testimony of the effec
tiveness of the scheme.
the Republican side.
Baseball for Boys
In Trenches, Plan
(By Review Leased Wire).
NEW YORK, June 23 Baseball will
occupy a prominent place in the ac
tivities of .the United States troops iu
France, it was announced here to
night by the national war work coun
cil of the Y. M. C. A. international
committee. Preparations are being
swiftly made for the Y. M. C. A.
buildings which will be placed at ports
of debarkation and at the American
concentration camps in France. The
articles to be included in the first car
go range from 5,010 baseballs to 100
miving picture machines.
John D. Rockefeller, 7S years and
11 months old. beat Billy Sunday, aged
54, 2 up in a nine-hole golf match, at
Pocatico Hillo, Monday. Score was
4S to 50.
TO THE EAST
Daily to September 30th.
ber 31st
TO CALIFORNIA
Daily to September 30th.
vember 3Cth.
Final return limit Octob-
Final return limit No-
"THE LODGE" CLOUDCROFT
Open Now. Special round trip fares on sale daily
to September 15th. Final return limit Sept 30th.
Low round trip fares will be in effect providing
liberal stopovers Diverse Routes.
Ask your agent for full particlars. He will glad
ly help you plan your trip and make your Pullman
reservations.
Or Address.
GARNETT KING,
General Pass. Agent, El Paso, Texts.
to realize that we are in this great
war. It is all very well to write news
paper editorials about it and to talk
about it on the platform; but it has
not yet been impressed upon the peo
ple out west. I have just come from
Texas, where they talk to you and
say, "Oh, well, we haven't lost any
body; none of our vessels have been
destroyed, and we do not really feel
that we are at war."
I put the question to all such men,
"Now that we are in this war, do you
realize that we must take the place of
every man that is killed among the
allies, that we must support the wid
ows and orphans? If we do not, who
will do it?
So I say that you men who are here
are the representatives of business in
terests are the men to start this en
terprise among our people and bring
them to a full realization of the very
grave seriousness of this war, to make
them feel that we are in this war to
win, and the probability is that our
entering this war is going to be the
deciding factor, and that the burder
of the success is going to rest upon
the United States.
that either one of them had assumed
another name, as had Scarborough.
Scarborough, with the above named,
made a sensational escape from the
Arizona penitentiary about a month
ago by crawling over the back wall. He
was in the penitentiary i'jr life on ac
count of the killing of John Clinton in
this county about two years ago. It
will be graitfying news to many in the ; that through trains wiU De run over
county to learn that he had been taken the ganta Feg Parker cutofr to tlie
into custody again, as he had made ! cogsU making one 0f the greatest
threats to kill a number of people if ,transcontinenta, raiiroad iines in
he ever got out, among whjm was his j America
former wife, now Mrs. O. T. Ash, of ;
Douglas,
To Near Casa Grande And
Then North To Phoenix.
i
It is reported that work is soon to ;
be started on the Tucson, Phoenix & '
Tidewater railroad extension of the 1
El Paso & Southwestern railroad. Sur-
J veyors have been at work on a new :
i route for the liHe, which parallels tne
Southern Pacific almost to Casa
Grande. !
The survey that is now being com-
pleted into Phoenix is what is known 1
as the final survey. As to the exact !
ownership of the railroad there has J
been some speculation, but it is cer-1
tain, say those interested, that it is
one or the other or all three of the
Rock Island, 1 Paso & Southwestern
and the Tucson, Phoenix & Tidewater.
The survey that is now being com- j
pleted was started at Tucson. It leaves
the Southern Pacific tracks there, par
alleling that line for about 40 miles to
the west of Picacho, where it turns in
a northwesterly direction, leaving Casa
Grande seven or eight miles to the
southwest From there it goes north
west and crosses the Gila river at Sa
caton, 25 miles down the river west
from Florence. After crossing the
river the survey goes in almost a di
rect line to Chandler, Mesa, Tenipe
and Phoenix.
From the turning ptoint the line of
survey parallels the Southern Pacific
tracks to 'Phoenix. It is the supposi-.
tion that at Phoenix the line will con
nect with the Santa Fe railroad and
Qmimuqus I
Chain of
DaJir&?ointS
2?t
j . L L?l 0.
acceleration
ff
lowlkmAVcitis
' T:yry'..-,
JLqsv
Low boiling points do it the first links in a
continuous ch..in cf belong points. Low boiling
points for easy a::-riir. ? , medium boiling points
for quick anil smert i acceleration, and hig!j
boiling points for po cr and mi'ecge.
Rr2 Crown is a str.-.iyht -diitifed gasoline.
Ktnce there's a cci.unuous chain of boiling
pcir.ts, gradually i Li.'r.g from lav to high.
Mixtures cannct have a continuous chain of
boiiing points. That's why mixtures cannot be
as gocd motcr fuel pure straight-run gaso
line. And t'n.-t's also why the gravity test for
gasoline is worthless gravity tells nothing at
all about boiling pfciiits, the only real test of
gasoline quality.
To make certain of getting real gasoline, and
not a mixture, nil with
RED CROWN
iie Gasoline of Qualify
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
in
hi
! J. J. FITZGIBBON DIES.
Has a Good Opln.on of Chamberlain's m Yesterday morning at his home in
Tablets ! Tomostone Canyon, John J. Fitzgib-
. , , , . ,' . ' bon. for the past five year3 connect-
, , ,j !.' i. . w . ed with the Copper Queen Dispensary
der. I never sold anything that beat , " ' ' ,
them," writes F. B. Tressy, Richmond,
Ky. When troubled with indigestion
or constipation, give them a triaL
Advertisement,
Red Cross to Work
On Russian Front
(By Review Leaaed Wire.)
WASHINGTON, June 23. The Red
Cross will send an American com
mission to Russia to work along and
behind the battle front, in the same
way a similar commander is to oper
ate in France and Belgium. Ambu
lances and other relief for the Russian
army will be supplied.
WATER DAMAGES TRACK.
The railroad track or the E. P. &
S. W. railroad between Contention
and Benson was badly damaged on
Friday afternoon by a rush of water
caused bv :a cloud burst. The water
ran over the tracks to a depth of some
six inches and the Tombstone train
coming back from Benson had difficul
ty in reaching Fairbank. The fall of
water was so great that the San Pedro
river overflowed its banks and dam
aged a number of crops between Con
tention and Benson. This is the first
heavy rain that has been reported in
the county and may be the forerunner
of others.
died after suffering for several months
with tuberculosis of the bowels. Fitz
gibbon recently returned from Murri
etta Hot Springs, California, where he
: sought relief in vain. He was born in
New York City, forty-nine years ago.
and is survived by two sisters and two
nephsws. He was a member of the
lecal lodge of Knights of Columbus.
The body will be taken from the home
today at 2 o'clock, p. m., to the Cath
olic church where Father Mandin will
officiate. Interment will be made in
Evergreen Cemtery v
Whooping Cough.
In this disease it is important that
the cough be kept loose and expeptora-; Sam's men of war.
Gold Mines Co.
INCORPORATED
The Limited Amount of this
Stock Now Being Offered
At 25c per share
Is Selling Rapidly. - Better Bet Yours Now
SEE exhibit of gold from Feather River in Sasse's store
window, on Main Street. For full particulars either call
at Sasse's store or call, write or phone Room 14, Phil
adelphia Hotel. O. FC. Street. Phone 329.
tion easy, which can be done by giving
Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. Mrs.
P. H. Martin, Peru, Ind., writes: "My
two daughters had whooping couch. I
gave them Chamberlain's Cough Rem
edy and it worked like a charm." Advertisement
TOLD TO REPORT. I
Hoyt Ash, Lawrence Land and will
Engle, three Tombstone boys, who ;
passed the examination to enter the
navy about a month ago, yesterday re-:
ceived orders from recruiting head-.
quarters at EI Paso to report not later
than the 24th for immediate transpor
tation to San Francisco, where they
will enter the navy training station,
preparatory to going aboard Uncle
When they passed
the examination last month, they were
returned home under furlough and full
pay to await orders to report, on ac
count of lack of space to accommodate
the new recruits. Another Tombstone
boy. Earl Hartman is at present at the
training station at San Francisco.
Ask
Grandfather
Hell
Ten Yen
Stop Slheuraat ism
Bcloro !t Takes Hold
You can do it by keeping your blood clean. The
kidneys filter about 500 grains of uric acid and
other salts from the blood every 24 hours. When
there is more than the kidneys can remove, it is
deposited in muscles and joints, and painful rheu
matism follows. S. S. S-, for 50 years the most
efficient of all blood tonics, will keep the blood
pure ar? rtrevent disease. At yotr druprfrists.
SWIFT SPECIFIC CO. ATLANTA. CA.
3.S.S. Wiil Stop Disease
lilt UAill HEVIEW WAN I AIMHiNii KESiiLIS
SAM REYNOLDS WINS !
MISSISSIPPI GOLF TITLE
Thousands oi Kitchens
Will Be COO
(By Review Leased Wire) 1
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. June 23. Sara :
W. Reynolds of the Omaha Field Club,
today took away the tran-Mississippi
golf championship from Harry Lepg,
of the Minikahda Club of Minneapolis, i
the title holder and five times winner
of the honor. Reynolds' victory was
two up and one to play. The new '
champion having established a course
record with 72 came into the after
noon play two up on his older oppon ,
ent. Lcgg took the nineteen and
twenty first holes, but Reynolds broke
the tie on the next and went around'
the turf at 76. He annexed two more
from the former champion but his lead,
was reduced to two before the thirty
fourth and last hole was played.
This Summer
Will Yours?
fP .. i m li
? ill fL "T
1
CAS RANGES
THE CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY
121 So. Central Ave. Phoenix, Arizona.
We specialize in Incorporating, Organizing and
Corporate Auditing and Supervise Meetings of Stock
holders and Directors of Corporations.
Write for Booklet "System and the Corporation."
P. O. Box 277R, Phoenix, Arizona.
BELGIAN WAR MISSION IS
ENTERTAINED BY LANSING
(By Review Leased Wire). i
WASHINGTON. June 2P,. The H-1-
1 pian war mission was entertained by
'Secretary Lansing at a lawn fete to-:
;lay at the Pan-American grounds. The
guests included the President and -Mrs. ;
i Wilson. !
Equip your kitchen with a GAS RANGE and a GAS FIRED WATER HEATER and free your kitchen
tasks from all disagreeable feature.
CLEAN, practically without effort on your part, because dust and ashes are eliminated. EFFICIENT, be-
.I,
cause a gas range and water neater win do your coo Ring and DaKing
and provide abundant hot water at the lowest possible expenditure of
time and fuel.
COMFORTABLE not only in a physical sense, but because of
relief from the many worries that beset the particular housekeeper who
must depend upon an uncertain coal range.
We have a complete assortment of gas ranges on display, as well
as the different types of water heater. An investigation will place you
under no obligation. Call at our store or ask us to send a representa
tive.
if rill" 1
V -iim HI I HIi HwlfT il
rRlUABLE V-l&i
CAS RANGES
Kawahki Dockyard Co., of Kobe.,
Japan, has received an order from t
Great Ilritain to build H freight steani-i
ers, ranging from 9000 to 12,000 tons,
each, to cost $25,000,000. I
isbee improveBien
i Co. SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 24. 1917.
Mining and Financial News
BY MCVIEW
WEEKLY FINANCIAL fiEVIEW.
NEW YORK. June 23. Highest
money rates this year1 and record
breaking gold imports were the salient
features of an otherwise unimportant
week in the stock market. Dealings
contracted sharply and the undertone
was often irregular.
Call loans remained around 6 per
cent which rate was exceeded when
Industrial securities formed the great
bulk of the collateral, further discrim
ination being shown against issues of
a speculative character.
Well informed financial circles ex
pected no marked readjustment of
these conditions pending1 payment , of
the first Liberty Loan installment,
which calls for 3G0,fli0.000. Almost
coincident with this ar-tihe July in
terest and dividend disbursements,
. which will surpas sail previous de
mands. The treasury department has in
formed bankers that steps soon will be
taken to relieve the pressure on the
money market resulting from the re
quirements of the Liberty Loan. It is
expected fully half of the money now
virtually idle will be made available
mmediately after the mid-year.
Wall street expressed, disappoint
ment over the falure of the Washing
ton authorities to fix upon a definite
schedule of rates for the more import
ant staples to be purchased by th"
government in connection with im
pending contracts.
The proposed war tax measures -so
pave rise to further anxiety, al
though amendments now contemplated
by congress are for the most pprt
less onerous than those under consid
eration a few weeks ago.
CLEARING HOUSE.
NEW YORK. June 23. The actual
condition of clearing house banks and
truft companies for the week shows
that they hold $41,827,230 reserve in
ececs of legal requirements. This is
a d'eerease of $12,223,320 from last
week. '
NEW YORK. June 23. Opening at
irregular prices on relatively small
operations, today's short session de
veloped trenglh in all directions un
der the guidance of equipments and
similar war issues. The only notable
exceptions were shippings and Saxon
Motor, the latter recording an extreme
decline of 8 to 15 points and rallying
little more than half way.
Ealdwin Locomotive was the
strongest feature at a gross gain of
C5 to 72rs. virtually all of wlych was
retained. American Locomotive rose
almost 3 points and U. S. Steel rushed
forward in the latter dealings to 130
a "gain of over two points. Bethlehem
Steel new share. Crucible, Gulf
States. Mldvale Steels, Great Northern
Ore and Colorado Fuel finished at ad
vances of 1 to 2'J. Rails were unusu
ally quiet. Total sales 320.000 shares.
Unusually heavy dealings in Liberty
'bonds at par to 100 2-50 helped create
more favorable sentiment.
As a result of the extraordinary
movements during the week actual ex
cess bank reserves again contracted
by over $12,000,000 the total excess
declining to S41.S27.230 or w'thiu a
nvlMon dollars of the minimum estab
lished in December, 1916. The general
bond list was heavy. Total sales, par
value. $3,200,000. Liberty ?onds con
tributing over half.
The various old United States bonds
were lower by 1 to 3 per cpnt on call
during the week.
CHICAGO GRAINS
CHICAGO. June 23. Improved con
ditions as to the amount of vessel
room available for shipments to Eu
rope helped lift wheat prices today.
The market closed firm 3 to 4 rents
net hieher, with July at 214 and Sep
tember at 184. Com finished off
to Kk up. oas down to , and pro
visions rancing from 10 decline to a
rise of 20 cents. .
It took but little buying to bring
about advances !n the wheat market.
The fart that offerings from the new
crop were for the most part onio
what above the current level of prices
gave an advnntaee to Jhe bulls. It
was s? id also that Canadian holders
were firm. In addition to reports of
an easier outlook for a sufficiency of
ocean tonnage the chief encourage
ment to purchase rnme from official
predictions of an unexpectedly small
cron In Kansas.
Week end realizing of profits for
holders wiped out nearly all of an ad
vance which the corn market scored
as a result of unfavorable weather.
Export demand was good and offerings
to strive from the country were llsht.
Oats paralleled the action of corn, ex
cellent crop reports proved rather
more than an offset for signs of an
active call from the seaboard. s
b y Mm
dfc- LOS ANGELES
Hotel
city, near
natronage
on request,
FREE
LEASED WIRE
I Increased cash demand lifted por':
' above even yesterday's new high price
record. Lard and ribs, however, were
inclined to sag.
METAL MARKET.
j NEW YORK, June 23 Copper nom-
inal ; electrolytic, spot and nearby 33
34; third quarter and later deliver
. ies 29.5032.
Bar silver, 784.
NEW YORK, June 23. Without
rhera being anything of particular
importance in the ovenight happenings
of a kind to force short covering,
prices generally were substantially
higher. Washington advices denote
that ere long the problem of adjust
ing, prices on steel and other products
to a basis satisfactory to all parties
concerned will be accomplished with
in a relatively short time as well per
haps taxation problems. Later on this
of course, should cause improvement
as monetary conditions in the incrim
are expected to ease. Howerver, and
while short covering may at this junc
ture force prices further upward, still
we doubt that a broad movement in
industrials can be conducted very long
until lenders of funds displaying a
greater disposition than at the mo
ment to offer accommodations for fix
ed prices at reasonable rates.
Closing Quotations June 23. 1917.
(By L. J. Overlock.)
NEW YORK.
Anaconda 83 Mi
American Car 77
American Can 50
American Locomotive 73
American Smelter 19ST
American Sugar 120
Atchison 101
b. & o ?a
Baldwin 7234
C. & O .61
C. R and I 53
Canadian Pacific 161
Central Leather 97
Cruicble Steel 8494
Distillers 23
Erie 26
Goodrich Rubber
General Motors 119
Industrial Alcohol 166
Mercantile Marine 27
Mercantile Marine Pfd 84
Maxwell 50
i Mexican Petroleum 97
j Midvale Steel 63V
New York Central 92
Northern Pacific 104
Pennsylvania 53
Reading 97
United States Rubber 61
Rep. Steel 92
Studebaker 84
United States Steel 130
United States Steel Pfd 117
St Paul 75
Southern Pacific 84
Union Pacific 137
United States Metals
Union Fruit 134
Westinghouse 52
BOSTON.
Adventure 2
Allouez 61
Arizona Commercial 14
Alaska 6
American Zinc 31
Butte 42
Calumet and Arizona 80
Calumet and Hecla 530
Chief Range 61
Chino 56
East Butte 12
Granby 85
G. Cananea 41
Goldfield 52
Hancock 14
Indiana .- 2
Inspiration .' 64
Kennecott 45
Keweenaw 1
Lake v 12
LaSalle 3
Miami 41
Mohawk 94
Mayflower 2
Nevada ... 23
North Butte 16
Nipissing 7
Old Dominion ..; 59
Osceola 91
Pond Creek 26
Quincy 85
Ray Con 28
Shattcuk 26
Shannon 8
Superior Boston 4
Utah Copper 111
j Utah Consolidated 16
, vwnnna oi
St. Marys 81
CURBS.
Arkansas and Arizona 18
Austin Amazon
Big Jim 73
Big Ledge 2
Butte and London 15
Calumet and Jerome 1
Convenieni io all Places of Merest
iMttm m new
Clark is situated in the heart or
beautiful Central raric. i ars io
Beaches, Mountains, etc., ironi nm du
Station directly opp. hotel. European
plan. Tariff from ;1.50 per day. Bisbee
solicited, musiraiea iwucr up-
r. m. uK.uiv-rv, wtobw.
AUTO BUS FROM DEPOT
Cornelia 18
Con. Copper 5
Con. Ariz V
Crystal IV
Denn 18
Dundee ... IV
Emma 1
Federal Oil 4
Fortuna 8
Gadsden 2
Green monster 1
Grand Island 20
Howe Sound '.
Hecla 8
Inspiration Needles
Jerome Verde 1
Jerome Victor
Magma Copper 42
Magma Chief
Miami Con Ik
Monster Chier
Magnate 7a
Pitts-Jerome
Ray Here 3
Santa Rita
Tom Reed , 118
Tono Bell : 4
United Eastern ... 423
United Western 2
Verde Extension 38
Wolvarine Arizona 1"!
Verde Combination
White Caps 1
OATMAN
(By Collins & Brctherton.)
Bid
Adams -. .06
Ask
.08
.25
.08
.78
.05
.15
.05
.09
.20
1.20
4.40
.03
.20
Arizona Rex
Ariz-Tom R 03
Big Jim 73
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy .03
Sunnyside 05
Telluride
Tom Reed 1.18 '
United Eastern 4.20
United Western 02
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 2.00
Green Monster 1.00
Butte London 15
Dundee 1.12
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome 50
Jerome Verde ... .. ...1.50
Ark-Arizona IS
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles 06
Hull' Copper 32
Magma Chief 25
Wolv-Arizona 1.75
Miami Mother Lode
Verde Combination 50
Miami Consolidated 13
Bisbee Copper
Butte Arizona . v
Santa Cruz Bisbee
Jerome Daisy
Nacozarl Consolidated ...
Verde Apex
CaJumet Oil
2.06
1.06
.17
1.25
.10
.75
1.62
.20
.40
. -12
.37
.37
2.00
.5"
.75
.15
.50
.05
.27
.50
.42
.20
.32
GOVERNMENT AGENT
CAUSES EXCITEMENT
IN SMELTER CITY
There was a rather exciting investi
gation held in Douglas yesterday aft
ernoon which, according to reports.
promises to bring some Interesting
facts to light and as a consequence the
next meeting of the Douglas Council
there promises to be a lively time.
A few days ago there arrived in
Douglas a man named Johnson, it is
said, was sent to Douglas by Secre
tary of War Baker to make an invest!
gation there as to the moral condition
of the town. He went to a number of
places and with the use of two sold
iers had them buy whiskey, it is said.
He asked the officers about different
places and was told by them that cer
tain places were selling booze. He
made a report to General Greene,
which Is said, to be verybitter in its
criticism of the Douglas police force.
the county attorney's office and he
sheriff's office. When the investiga
tion was called to order there were
present a number of the members of
the city council. Chief of Police KIrby,
Secret Agent Johnson, the two sold
iers who had purchased the whiskey
and a soldier named Cox, who is said
to have been used by the sheriff's
office as a stool pigeon; and Deputy
Sheriff Charlie Cross.
General Green accused the officers
of standing in with the bootleggers or
that they were afraid to do their duty.
He stated that there were women all
over town as well as road houses and
that it was the duty of the officers to
drive them out. Deputy Sheriff Cross
interrupted General Green and claim
ed that it was not the duty of the
sheriffs office to put a Btop to the
restricted district in the city as that
was regulated by the City Council.
As far as the road houses were con
cerned, said Cross, county officers had
been trying to catch the parties sell
ing whiskey. Only a few nights pre
vious, charged Cross, his attempt to
catch the woman selling whiskey was
foiled by an army officer who was
there at the time and drove away the
soldiers that Cross had followed there
for the purpose of watching them buy
whiskey.
County Attorney Ross was criticized
because he refused to prosecute the
parties that sold the whiskey to the
two soldiers. He, did so, he said, be
cause the two soldiers had purchased
the whiskey, two bottles, and then had j
carried It around all night without!
marking It and had turned" It over to!
others so that when it was presented .
to Mr. Ross as evidence it had been
through several hands and no one :
could positively tell that it was thej
same whiskey.
IIDEJLOF Gl
Wholesale Discharge of New
York Policement Follows
Word of Confession Made
In Rome, Italy.
(By Review Leased Wire).
NEW YORK. June 23. Simultan
eously with the news from Rome that
Alfredo Cocchi had confessed the mur
der of Ruth Cruger, it was reported on
high authority that at least a dozen
more mtorcycle policemen would be
suspended as an outgrowth of the
case.
The investigation begun by Inspec
tor Faurot at the direction of Police
Commissioner Woods, it was said to
night, already had disclosed certain
alleged irregular practices by motor
cycle policemen, which substantiated a
bPlief that motorists have been vic
tims of petty graft through falsified
records of summonses and arrests for
speeding and other traffic violations.
Cocchi is believed to have been a go
between for the patrolmen in many of
these transactions.
Mrs. Cocchi Quizzed.
Cocchi had many friends among the
police, it has been brought out, and
his confession, it is believed, may be
followed by other disclosures such as
the naming of the accomplice or those
who helped him to flee to Italy. Po
lice Commissioner Woods said he is
particularly eager to find if Cocchi
bad accomplices and if he had about
his dealings with policemen.
After Mrs. Cocchi had been question
ed in the district attorney's office for
more than two hours, it was announc
ed she had given "material help" to
the authorities. She told the district
attorney, it was stated that twice
since her husband's disappearance,
the street door leading to the cellar
had been found open after she had
locked it.
"Remarkable Story."
Henry D. Cruger, father of the mur
dered girl, and Mrs. Grace Humiston,
who found the body, will be witnesses
Monday when the public hearing is
resumed. .
After a five minute conference to
night at the bedside of Miss Consuelo
La Rue, who is in a hospital suffering
from injuries she said she suffered
in leaping out of a window to escape
men she said had threatened because
of information she gave out in the
Curger case. Assistant District At
torney Rorke declared her revelations
of the white slave traffic in this city
and elsewhere was "one of the most
remarkable storied ever told by a
girl in New York." He said much she
had revealed already had been con
firmed. RED CROSS LACKS
BUT 20 MILLIONS
(Continued From Page One)
linois came third with $4,119,000; New
Vork (outside New Y ore City) has $1,
591.000. In percentage of their apportion
ment actually raised, Delaware headed
the list with 320 per cent Utah was
second, with 135 per cent, and Ohio
third, with 118.
Tomorrow is Red Cross Day in
thousands of Sunday schools and
churches. Campaign directors expect
the harvest from rural districts where
intensive solicitation has not been
done this week, to be large in church
reports.
Tomorrow "Pershing Day."
In a statement tonight on the des
ignation of Monday as "Pershing Day,
Secretary Baker said:
"It Is eminently fitting that the final
day of the Red Cross Week a week
devoted to collecting $100,000,000 for
the purposes of humanity should be
called 'Pershing Day.' I am sure that
the leader first to carry the banner of
our country to the western front will
appreciate the honor and that his
name, on the other band, wffl act as
a stimulus and will urge patriotic
Americans to more than complete the
sum required by the Red Cross before
the close of 'Pershing Day.' "
FORMER HARVARD GRIDIRON
STAR IS NOW A MARINE
BOSTON. June 23. Edward W. Ma
han, of Natick. captain of Harvard's
victorious 1915 football team, was ac
cepted today for enlistment In the ma
rlne corps.
American Linseed Co., has taken
over plants of the Nucoa Butter Co.
at Bayonne and Soho Park. N. J.. and
will operate them in connection with
its rapidly growing business in copra
products.
Chief of Police KIrby and his force
were severely roasted by the General
about the selling of whiskey and al
lowing the women to infect the re
stricted district and other parts cf
town.
The citizens of Douglas are worked
up over the matter and are afraid that
the report will cause them to lose
their present consignment of soldiers
as well as all chance of a cantonment.
The next meeting of the city council
there will be looked forward to with
interest as some of the councilmen
have already expressed themselves
about the matter.
SYMPTOMS OF BATTERY
TROUBLES DESCRIBED
Mr. Rogers of the Willard service
station says, "When you go out to
your garage In the morning and find
that for some reason or other your
starter won't work, it gives you a lot
of satisfaction to know exactly what
the trouble is, although you may not
be able yourself to remedy it.
"If the trouble is in the battery, cer
tain definite symptoms will denote" It.
"If you find that your battery has
nof energy enough to turn over the
starting motor, the first thing you do
naturally is to test it with your hydro
meter. Nine times out of ten you will
find that the trouble is starving. Tho
hydrometer will Infallibly uncover this
condition for- instead of registering
1280 to 1300. as it would if the bat-!
tery were fully charged, it will regis
ter below 1200.
"Alright. You've discovered that
your battery is starved. But going
back a step farther, "What causes it
to be starved?- How did it come about'
that the battery which is to supply1
you with energy and to spare for'
starting and lighting gets into a con-j
dltion that it has not power enough
for either one of these things?" I
"How are you running your car?;
If you are running it In the city, short
distances, stopping frequently, you
are using a large amount of current!
for cranking the engine without giv-!
ing the generator a chance to restore!
to the battery -power enough to offset;
this drain. ;
"Starving of the battery may point;
to a short circuit especially if in !
checking up you find that you are run-1
ning the machine sufficiently to allow j
a good proportion of energy to be re-'
turned to the battery.
"Short circuits are usually found in :
the wiring outside of the battery and
if a casual test does not reveal the I
trouble it is always best to have the
system carefully gone over by an ex
pert "A short circuit, will drain a bat-!
tery of all its power in a very few
hours.
"Some days perhaps, in testing your:
battery, you find one cell or two clls:
show the normal reading, but the third
shows a very low reading. This can
only be intercepted in one way, the
entire battery is in poor condition, j
The fact that two cells show a higher
reading than the third is merely ac
cidental. The fact at the bottom of;
the whole thing is this. The measure
of energy in the discharged cell is
very probably the measure of energy
of the whole battery. In such a case'
the battery should be recharged at
once at the batter Service Station."
- I
Put Your -Battery
nn the Hands
of its Friends
It is too vital a part cf your car to be
handled by anybody. It gives you pow
er to crank your engine, the spark that
keeps it going, and light at night.
Upon it depends the successful opera
tion cf your car.
Bring it in twice a month, and well
test it for expert testing is the first
rule in battery care.
If vou haven't distilled water at hand,
we'll fill it.
5' Central
Or
ABOUT MINING DRILLS
51 and
Our Models 50 and 55 Denver Clipper Drills are
decidedly in advance of all others in design, utility
and efficiency.
The Model 50 Clipper is arranged for delivering
water as well as air under-pressure through hollow
drill steel to expel the cuttings, and is preferable
when drilling, stoping or sinking is done in confined
places where dust would be a nuisance.
On the Model 55, instead of the water attach
ment a blow valve is utilized, enabling the operator
at will to deliver a large volume of air at initial pres
sure through the steel, expelling all cuttings effect
ually, allowing the machine to drill holes of extreme
depth.
Both are good drills and you should know more
about them. Ask us for bulletin.
Schweitzer
MINING, IRRIGATION
135 So. Sixth Avenue.
Santa Catalina Islands
Enjoy your summer outing at this beautiful isle of the Pacific,
where the air is delightful and where the Bathing, Boating and Fishing
cannot be surpassed.
BAND CONCERTS and DANCING, beginning June 30th. free only
to the patrons of the Wilmington Transportation Company (Banning
Line), operating steamers "Cabrl.lo" and "Hermosa."
The ideal resort at which to spend your vacation.
ISLAND VILLA and CANVAS CITY are special features. Good
accomodations at moderate rates,
BANNING COMPANY, Agents.
104 Pacific Electric Building. Los Angeles, California.
If it needs repaLs or recharging well
do the work as you'd expect factory
trained experts to do it. And you won't
lose the use of your machine the while,"
for we have a rental battery for your
use while we're working on yours.
We're your battery's friend. Our job
is to keep it on the job to your satis
faction. For v. e're the Willard Service
ttatioa
LOHMAN M WRIGHT
Theatre'.Bldg.
Lowell, Ariz.
Machine Co.
AND POWER MACHINERY
TUCSON, ARIZONA.
"pjpjij SEVEN
3
U U
1H
r i )
GOLD MINE
COMPANY
INCORPORATED
COPPER
IS GOOD
Authored Capital One Million Shares of Stock
Par Value $1.00 -.Fully Paid, Non Assessable
G
S
OLD I
ETTER
A Prominent Mining Engineer and Geologist
makes the following comments on the Mining situation, which strike
the nail on the head:
' "A modern mine may be aptly likened to a great manufacturing
concern, with its costs and markets firmly established and orders placed
for its entire output Ore blocked out and in reserve may be as closely
computed as so many automobiles in a warehouse ready for shipment
-to dealers.
J- "The gold mine has this advantage: 'Gold is always worth $20.67
an ounce; its market is always made; its demand always exceeds its
supply; it doesn't need to advertise its quality; it has no 'good will' to
charge back against its cost of production. It stands on its own feet
and sells on its merits.
"Get into the good gold stocks, be they dividend payers or pros
pects but get in NOW. Re careful in the selection of your broker or
investment adviser. Demand the important facts in connection with
the company's personnel, property rights, assets, etc Be chary of
lurid literature and exaggerated claims. Be as careful in making your
mining investments as ycu are in buying industrials and you'll soon
be on the road to wealth. But be an opportunist don't wait too long
and make the fatal mistake of buying at the top and again selling at
the bottom."
Tib
TP3 n
reati
M
imfe
C
ier raver
omp
Gold
my,
Are Offering 200,000 Shares of Stock
At
Ct
o
P
ejf
haife
This Limited Amount of Stock Is Selling Rapidly Better Get Yours Now. Wfiat You Are Buying
An interest in three Rich Hydraultic and Placer Gold Mines,
which mines have an acreage of 480 acres.
An interest in a Drift Mine which has proven Gold in sight suffi
cient to pay for all the properties, equip all the properties, and return
every invester every dollar has subscribe!.
An interest in an 160 acre Ranch one of the best on the Fetther
River. '
An interest in most yaluable timber and water rights and ditches,
of which there are thirteen miles bringing water to the mines and ranch.
And an interest in all houses, barns and shops, together with ma
chinery, tools and general equipment to work the mines.
These mines are now producing Gold and in the near future will
be paying GREAT BIG DIVIDENDS, and the stock at an early date
will be saleable for dollars instead of cents.
The business is controlled by practical mining men who know
their business, and who will make every Dollar count.
See Exhibit of Gold From FEATHER RIVER In Sasse's Window, On Main Street.
For Euil Particulars Either Call At Sasse's Store Or Call, Write Or Phone Room 13, PbiladelpMa Hotel, 0. K. Street
I THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 24, 1917.
Quality Not Quantity-Continuons from 1 to 1 1
Frank Powell Presents
MARJORIE RAMBEAU
In
"THE MIRROR"
A Mutual Star Production In Five Acts
Pathe Presents LONESOME LUKE
lonesome Me's Honeymoon!
A Two Reel
Admission - -
EAGLE
THEATRE
The House of Comfort
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
William Fox Presents
GLADYS BROCKWELL
"Her Great
Temptation "
A Fox Masterpiece In Five
Great Acts
Triangle Presents
'A Male Governess''
A One Reel Comedy
ADMISSION 10 & 15c
Central
THEATRE
Continuous 3 to 11
' Triangle Fine Arts
Presents
WILFRED LUCAS
' -In-
The Triangle Keystone
Presents
BALDY BELMONT And
ORA CAREW
"Her Gircas Knlgtrt"
A Two Reel Special
Release
ADMISSION 10 And 15c
Beautiful
The Coolest Theatre In
The State.
Continuous From 1 To 10 P. M.
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
ROBERT WARWICK AND
JUNE ELVIDGE
"THE FAMILY HONOR!'
NAPOLEON THE GREAT
IN
"DISCOVERED"'
SELIG NEWS
(EDUCATIONAL)
ADMISSION
Reserved Seats 20c
Lower Floor 10c
Balcony 5c
iim Biudso
The
THEATRE
-In-
ft
Rolin Comedy.
- 10 and 15c
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
the Review after 6 p. in. and tell
' the Society Editor, Thone 39.
OVER EROM TOMBSTONE.
C. J. W'ynn is in the city from
Tombstone and will remain for a few
days.
ON THE COAST.
Mr. and Mrs. Ike Humphries and
son are spending two weeks' vacation
at Ramsey Canyon.
OFF FOR COAST.
Tommy Blair left last evening for
California where he will spend a few
weeks on a visit to friends and rela
tives. LEFT FOR CHICAGO.
.Mrs. Ellen Batch left this morning
for Chicago, where she will remain
for several months cn a visit to her
old home.
TO THE COAST.
Mrs. D. F. Lehmer will leave this
evening for California, where she will
spend the summer months on a visitJ
to friends and relatives.
FROM PROSPECTING TRIP.
John S. Williams has returned from
c prospecting trip on the lower San
Tedro river where he and Bert Macia
cf Tombstone are interested. -
HAS RETURNED.
Den Landis of the gent's furnishing
department of the Phelps Dodge Store
has returned from a trip to New York
where he went on a purchasing trip.
WERE IN TOMBSTONE.
Attorneys Alexander Murray and
Wm. Cleary were in Tombstone yes
terday on business before the superior
court. They returned home last ev
ening. .
I'LL IN NEW ORLEANS'.
Assistant Postmaster, R. M. Clam
pitt yesterday received word that his
wife was seriously III in New Or
leans where she has been on a visit
for several weeks.
ACCEPTED POSITION.
Miss Lela M. Smith has accepted a
position in the Bisbee postoffice, to
Till ud a vacancy and additional helo
! was needed. The appointment will
j only be temporary.
! AMONG REFUGEES.
Charles Wright and wife are among
i the Cananea refugees that are in the
! city. While here they are the guests
I of Mrs. Wright's parents, Mr. and Mrs.
Angus Ar'upckje of Lowell.
JOIN CANANEA CONTINGENT.
Mrs. D. E. Curry. Miss M. Riley and
Mrs. J. W. Tays, arrived yesterday
from Cananea and are making this
city their headquarters during the
: present trouble across the border.
ARE IN DOUGLAS
Fred T. Coulter and Oscar Irwin,
; who were in this city for a few days
! are now in Douglas . where they are
furthering the campaign of Mr. Coul
! ter for the nomination for Governor.
TO THE HILLS.
Mrs. W. J. Webster of Upper Tomb
stone Canyon, has left for the Hua
chuca Mountains where she will re
main for the next twe weeks, vaca
tioning at Center's in Ramsey canyon.
BACK FROM TRIP.
Patrick McGuire has returned from
an extended trip to California and j
Northern Arizona. He states that he
is glad to return to the Warren Dis
trict and expects to remain here again.
BACK FROM LOS ANGELES.
Cleon T. Knapp has returned from a
short visit to Southern California
po:nts. He reports that section as
being exceedingly warm and that the
'IMsbee weather is much to be prefer
red. FUNERAL TODAY
Funeral services for Mrs. Bernard
Rourke will be held from the Cathl
Hc church at 3:30 o'clock this after-
noon. The funeral cortege will leave
! (he family home In Warren at 2:30
I o'clock.
JOINED CANANEA CONTINGENT.
T, J. Evans. J. W. Mitchell W. J.
MsLaughlin and C. C. Jackson are tire
lutest arrivals from Oananea and have
joined that contingent now in this
city, awaiting results from the Sor.ora
Copper camp.
LEAVES FOR COAST.
Tom Evans, acting general manager
oi the Cananea Copper Company, lefi
last evening for California where ho
will remain for a few weeks, taking a
much needed rest while the "trouble
i on in Cananea.
LOOSES PURSE
H. S. Robinson of the Bisbee Im
rrovement company is mourning the
loss of his pocket book which cotain
ed $23 as well as several valuable pa
pers. He lost it while out hunting in
the hills Friday evening.
THE WRONG NAME.
Owing to an oversight the $5 Bub
periled to the Red Cross war fund by
Tom Butler, engineer at the Cole shaft
was credited, in yesterday morning's
Review to Mrs. J. F. Sinclair, who se
cured the subscription.
HAS RETURNED HERE.
Larry Finley has returned to the
District after an absence of several
month.8 in the Patagonia mining dis
trict, where he has an interest in sev
eral properties. He reports that sec
tion as being quite lively.
ON QUEEN MEDICAL STAFF
Dr. H. A. Nichols; formerly of
Pearce. is in the city and for a short
time will be connected with the Cop
per Queen Medical Staff. The doctor
has many friends here who are glad to
welcome him to the city.
REPORTED BETTER.
Advices received from Tombstone
yesterday were to the effect that W.
G. Gilmore who has been seriously ill
for the past few days, was reported
much better arid that he would soon
be able td be about again.
LEAVE FOR COAST
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Fisher, Albert
Graham. Isaac Milburn, Bryden-Mil-burn
and Robert Holmes left on the
Golden State Limited last night for
Long Beach, California., where they
will remain for several weeks.
HAS RETURNED HOME.
David Jones o Phoenix, who came
here a few days ago to submit a bid
for the paving of Naco Road, has re
turned to his home in that city. He
left last evening after the bids had
all pe rejected by the city council.
UP FROM DOUGLAS.
Jack O'Connor was in the city yes
terday on a short visit to his many
friends. Jack at one time was located
in this city and he has to come "back
once in a while to renew his old ac
quaintances and to make new ones.
ON VACATION
Miss Mamie Henderson, one of the
pleasant operators of the telephone
cchipany is enjoying her annual two
weeks vaction and will leave today for
Ramsey Canyon in the Huachucas
where she will remain for a week or
ten days.
RECEIVED FRACTURED SKULL.
On account of being hit by a rock
thrown by her younger brother. Miss
Gertude Warden, is conofined in the
Copper Queen Hospital suffering from
a fractured skull. An operation was
performed and the young lady is now
doing nicely.
BEEN TRANSFERRED.
A telegram has been received from
H. D'Autremont stating that he had
been transferred from his former
company to that of the 1st Battery at
the Presidio and that he was doing
fine and expected to be able to get cn
appointment soon.
TO LEAVE FOR FRANCE.
Miss Gertrude Roach, a nurse at
present at the Copper Queen hotpital.
will leave soon to join the Albany unit
for service in France. Miss Roach has
already seen service in the European
war and is anxious to get back into
the work in France.
RED CROSS NURSING.
A class in nursing will be started
at 7:45 o'clock tomorrow evening at
the Y. W. C. A. in connection with the
Red Cross courses that are being con
ducted In the district. Mrs. F. Ja
son, an enrolled Red Cross nurse, will
be In charge of the work.
TUCSON'S MAYOR VISITS.
O. C. Parker, mayor of the city of
Tucson, was a visitor in Bisbee yester
day afternoon for several hours meet
ing several friends. He had been in
Douglas on business and came to Bis
bee to get some relief from the heat
and dust of the desert
ti FROM RANCH.
William Cowan and William Davis
were in the city yesterday from their
respective ranches on the otheryside of
the Mule Mountains. They report that
n good showpr of rain fell in that sec-
Hnn nn Priilav n ft iirti r ri r o- li w hn
of material benefit to the ranges.
THROUGH TO TOMBSTONE.
Harry Bradt was in the city yes'er
day on his way from Cananea to
j Tombstone to join his family. Mr.
, Bradt hag been located at Cananea for
a number of months but his family
has been staying in Tombstone. Mr. !
Brad: was formerly in the employ of
the Bunker HM1 Company at Tomb-'
stone.
WILL RETURN TOMORROW. J
Miss Hermia Abies, superintendents
cf the Iyowell rostorTice who has been ,
in El Paso for the past week is ex-;
pecied to return home tomorrow. She
was called there on account of the
death of her. uncle. During her ab
sence her position has been filled by j
Miss Anna Hampsten of the Bisbee
office. ' i
MARRIES FOUR COPULES.
Judge High, the local justice of the
peace besides attending to his other
duties during the past two days found
time to join in the holy bonds of wed
lock four couples, two of whom were
Aneelo Bavs to Ermina Gould and
Uoy B. Hersey to lolita B. Storey.
The other couples were Mexicans and
were married in the City Hall.
HELD FOR PETTY LARCENY.
Zarney Hunick is in the county jail
having been arrested on a charge' of
petty larceny. It is alleged that he
appropriated a safety razor from the
Hardware dpartment of the Phelps
Dodge store. When taken before
Judge High he acted as though he was
under the. influence of some drug and
lie will be held in the county jail until
Monday before being tried.
INJURY CASE DISMISSED.
The personal injnry case of Chas. H.
Richards against the copper Queen
mining company has been ordered dis
missed in the United States court at
Tucson. The order was made on the
motion of the attorneys for the plain
tiff. Richards brought suit for dam
ages in the sum of 520,000 for injuries
that he claimed to have received while
in the employ of the company.
BURGLAR FRiGHTENED.
While Governor Tom Campbell was
in this locality during the past few
days, a burglar entered his hom in
Phoenix.' Mrs. Campbell was awak
ened by the burglar flashing his light
'n her face, she screamed and called
her son who was ,in an adjoining
room and the burglar dove out a win
dow and made his escape. Mrs. Camp
Sell is a sister of Mrs. Fred Juliff ,o
this city.
sw;mmers ARE BUSY.
The Killifish Club ot the V. M. C. A.
is busily preparing for the open house
celebration to be staged at the Y soon.
Many unique stunts will be staged,
including a demonstration of a sub
riarine . attacking a . merchant ship,
imitations of frolicsome fishes in
their native habitat, the H20, and
other demonstrations that will prove
hat the members of the Killifish Club
' re perfectly at home in the water.
MARRIED LAST NIGHT.
P. R.e WhaJen and Miss Anni
Laurie Bell, of St. Louis, Mo., were
married last night at the parish of St.
Patrick's church. Mrs.i Whalen and
her mother arrived in the Warren dis
trict, Tuesday from their home in St.
Louis. Mr. Whalen is a member of
the county engineer's force and has
many friends here who wish both he
and his bride the best of happiness.
Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Plumb attended the
couple.
MARRIAGE LICENSE ISSUED.
The following marriage licenses
have been issued in Tombstone during
the past few days: Grover S. Smith
to Wed Helen Gould Francis both of
Lowell: R. M. McKinney to wed Ida
M. Amalong, both of Courtland;
George V. Eauwain to wed Jennie Ni
eto both of Bisbee; J. Patrick Mee-
nan to wed Lenora Callaghan, both of
Bisbee. It is understood that the lat
ter couple are to be married on Mon
day next.
CAUGHT AT LAST.
Ramon Granada, of Tombstone has
pt last become entangled in the mesh
es of the law. He has been watched
for several months by the officers who
had information that he was engaged
in the traffic of whiskey and beer but
has always been successful in dodging
trem until yesterday morning when he
was caught unloading seventeen sacks
of whiskey at his house from his auto.
He was caught by Deputy Sheriff
Harry Rafferty.
HAVE ARRIVED IN France.
F. E. Ellinwood yesterday received a
cablegram from his son, Ralph an
nouncing his safe arrival at Bordeaux,
France, on Friday evening. Ralph is
one of the members of the Amherst
College units that have enlisted for
service in the ambulance corps. The
cablegram further stated that, they
would be In camp for two weeks and
then would go to the front. Mrs. El
linwood was in New York at the time
of the departure of her son.
TROOPS FIGHTING FIRES.
A detachment of 125 soldiers has
teen sent out from Douglas to assit
the forest rcnyerts to fight the fires
that are burning in the Chiricahua
mountains. The eoldiers were taken
out in trucks and distributed in differ
ent sections. Besides the soldiers all
of the forest rangers in Southern Ari
zona are on the ground being called
from their respective districts to help
subdue the flames. They are in charge
of Chief Forester J. Titchlynn.
ISSUING LICENSES
Local deputy game wardens have
begun the issuing of hunting licenses
for the present year on the strength of
the coming of the dove and whltewing
season which takes effect on the 15th
BERRIES FOR CANNING
We will receive the last car of Berries this
season on next Friday. Leave your order NOV!
Strawberries, Per Tray - - $1.15
Blackberries, Per Tray - - $1.25
Loganberries, Per Tray ' - - $1.25
Raspberries, Per fray - - - $1.50
FOR FRIDAY, JUNE 29th.
With every tray of berries purchased we
pound sack of Granulated Sugar for
On account of the extremely hot weather we are very fortunate to secure this ship
ment of berries and it will be positively the last car this season. You can't afford to let
this opportunity pass without taking advantage of these low prices.
Bisbee, Lowell, Warren and Naco.
of next month and closes on December
31st, under the new game law. The
bag limit for either doves or white
wings Is not to exceed 25 birds at any
one time, or in one day, counting both
varieties. Hunting licenses this year
cost $1.25 each, as against 50 cents
last year.
HAS INTERESTING PAMPHLET.
J. W. Powell, deputy county asses
sor, yesterday received a booklet
from Belgium that is very interesting.
The namDhlet contains 132 pages and
Is filled with texts, fasclmtles and pho
tographs of such a nature as to give
an accurate picture of the heroic but
deplorable situation of Belgium in the
present war. The publication is en
titled "Belgium and Germany". Mr.
Powell Drises his booklet very highly
but is at a loss as to .who could have-
sent it to him.
INVESTIGATING CONDITIONS.
M. T. Weyant, Connected with' the
corporation at Phoenix was in the city
yesterday investigating the traffic of
the auto stages out of Bisbee and call
ing attention of the auto dealers to
the laws regarding the use of their
license numbers by parties to whom
they had sold machines. He also ad
vised the local officers as to what the
traffic laws were. He returned last
evening to Douglas and from there will
go to Globe on business connected
with the commission.
Y CUBS WINNERS
The Y Cubs yesterday afternoon de
feated the Gardner team in one of the
fastest games played so far in the
Twilight Playground Baseball League.
The pitching of Hunt, new heaver for
the Gardner, was the feature of the
game. The result of the contest was
not decided until the ninth inning,
when the Cubs walked away with the
long end of a 10 to 8 score. The Cubs
will clash with the Holbrook High
landers on the Czar field at 6:30
o'clock tomorrow afternoon.
THROUGH WITH PRISONERS.
Deputy Sheriff Charles Cross of
Douglas was in the city yesterday on
Ms way to Tombstone having in
charge two prisoners from Douglas,
who had been ordered held to await
the action of the superior court. One
of them was a colored man named, Ed
F. Morton, who forged the name of the
Kress Store to several checkp in order
to get rich quick. Th other was a
cook named Chas. W. Hinton who also
passed several bad checks. Hinton at
one time was employed in this city.
WAS BADLY INJURED.
The many friends o.f A. Wentworth
of Tombstone in the Warren District,
will regret to learn that he was bad
ly Injured on Thursday In that city by
aecidently falling Into an old cess
pool. He was walking along unaware
that there wes a hole underneath him.
when suddenly the boards that had be
come rotten gave way, causing him to
fall some ten or fifteen feet. He was
badlv bruised but advices received
over the phone last evening stated
that he would be able to be about
soon.
SITUATION IMPROVING.
Dr. C. H. Hunt returned last even
ing from Douglas where he went to
examine into the smallpox situation.
He reports that the number of cases
is diminishing and the situation looks
much better. So far there have been
41 cases, resulting in seven deaths.
Two of these were white folks and
the balance Mexicans. There have
I been a few new cases In the past week
' but these were people that had been
SPECIAL OFFER
90c
held in quarantine as they had been
exposed. There are but a few now in i
the detention camp and no new cases
re pot red about the city.
BOOTLEGGERS SENTENCED.
Advices received from Tombstone
yesterday afternoon were to the effect
that several bootleggers entered pleas
of guilty and were sentenced. .Among
the number was Robert Stone of
G lea son who was sentenced to serve
a term of two months and to pay a
fine of $150; S. N. Craig of Bisbee bet
ter known as "Heavy", three months
and to pay a fine of $150; M. H. Miller
sentenced to serve a term of four
months and to pay a fine of $150. H.
Miller entered a plea of guilty but wa3
not sentenced pending an investigation
as to bis record In the. army.
MAY REGISTER YET.
According to late advices received
by the County Registration Board
parties who were out of the country on
June 5. and did not have a chance to
register may do so yet by applying to
a member of the County Registration
Board, which is composed of Sheriff
Harry C. Wheeler, County Recorder
Ray B. Krebs, both of Tombstone and
Dr. C. H. Hunt, county physician ot
Bisbee. Parties who were in the
county and did not register will have
to give a very good reason why they
did not before they will be registered.
The chance to. register will not be op-1
en long as it is expected that word
will be received soon to make the ,
drawing and all of the names will
have to be in at that time.
Business Locals
C. A A. BAND DANCE. j
Saturday, June 23. Gentlemen 50c' i
Adv. 83 '
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE j
Stage Line. j
The original Tombstone stage leaves
daily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co., Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. 939 ,
(Advertisement)
LEATHER SUITCASES "
and Hand Bags, $12.50 values, $7.95.:
Miller's Shirt and Hat Shop. I
Adv. 925 i
Watch window for weekly special
sale. B. F. Millard. Allen Blk. Adv. 863 !
SCHIDELER'S AUTO SERVICE, i
Ford cars, equipped with shock ab-!
sorbers. Local and country trips solic
ited. Union prices. Single trips, four
people tb Cananea and return. $22.00;
four peoplpe to Ramsey -Canyon, stay ;
all day, $15.00. Phone 366. Ask for I
Schidcler's cars and Central Pharmacy
450. Adv.
SALE OF 17 PIANOS.
These pianos were rented or sold.
They are nearly new. Closing them
out at $200 to $275. Flayers ,$100 to
! $450. I will sell any piano at $5 per
month. Any player at $8 per month;
no Interest W. Mulr, Main street.
Adv. 67
will sell one 10
Mrs. Actrs, Beauty Specialist and
Demonstrator. Lockie Hotel, Opera
Drive. Adv. 60
Seven passenger touring car leaves
Tombstone daily, upon arrival or Bis
bee stages, for Nogales, fare $5.50, 25
pound baggage limit. Adv. 317
A car every hour, Bisbee to Doug
las. Good cars and careful drivers.
American Stage Line. Phone 366.
WE HAVE THE LATEST.
In sheet music the New Patriotic
Songs. Also full line of records and
talking machines. Lowell Jewelry
Shop. Adv. 84Z
Expert repairing on fine watches
and jewelry, diamond setting, engrav
ing and general repairing. Mintou,
the postoffice jeweler, LowelL
Advertisement 343
Make your trip to Douglas a pleas
ure. Travel the Winton way. Phone
98. . Adv. 332
I
LEARN TO DANCE.
Private lessons daily, 1 to M to 10.
W. J. Graves Academy, Lowell (Ero
phy Hall). Phone 628. Adv. 60S
Ride on the American Stage LIna
Bisbee to Douglas. Phone 366.
Advertisement.
Somewhere in Allen Block B. F. Mil
lard is selling wool suits from $12.50
and up. Adv. 639
!
j Travel to Douglas the Winton wiy
on the new stage. Cars leave Copper
Queen Hotel on the hour. Fare $1.25.
J Advertisement. 333
' Dr. riayfalr. 'Osteopath, 98 Maston
I Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue 617.
dv. 231
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
(Allen Block)
A great big glass fresh buttermilk
It's only S cents. Advertisement 309
CARD OF THANKS.
We wish to extend, thi'jugh the Re
view, our thanks to Rev. Fry. Miss
Keith, the choir, all friends and neigh
bors and the men of the Lowell mine,
whose sympathy and kidness meant so
much in our hour of sorrow.
- J. G. SUTHERLAND.
NEIL SUTHERLAND.
STEWART ARCH1BOLD.
Adv. 187
NOTICE.
All members and visiting bi'Jthers of
Knights of Columbus are requested to
meet at the Knights of Columbus Hall
today from 1 to 2 o'clock, to attend the
funeral of our late brother. John J. ,
Fitz Gibbons. Jos. P. Downs. G. K.
Adv. 1S2
NOTICE, W. O. W.
Lowell Camp No. 46 and visiting
members are requested to meet at the
Palace undertaking par.'jrs. Monday.
June 25, at 1:30 p. m., to attend the
funeral of the wife of our brother. J.
L. Jones. O. B. Thomas. Clerk.
Adv. 184
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY.
WANTED A housekeeper to care for
18 rooms. St. Elmo. 186
LOST Bunch of keys. Finder please
return to Review office. 1S5
FOR RENT Modern four-room house,
nicely furnished; for three months.
Apply 100 Higgins Hill. 1S3 Wkt 1
mtuitw 1 I
MINING
SECTION
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 20. NO. 14.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 24, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
.3
i
i
i
7
i
t
w
I
Large Expenditures
Are Being Made By
Producers of State
Ray Hercules Appropriates $200,000 For Construction of
Short Line Railroad And Is Also Spending Million Dol
lars On Mine Development And Mill Construction Work ;
Increased Pay For Mine, Mill And Smelter Employes In
' July Seems To Be Assured.
Appropriation of $200,000 by the Ray Hercules Copper Co. this week
for the construction of another short line railroad devoted solely to the cop
per industry was a part of the week's contribution to the state's development
by the metal industry. Ray Hercules is at the same time spending near a
million dollars on mine development and mill construction which was started
on April 30 and is now well ahead of
as to progress that would be possible. Its railroad will connect its mine with
the railroad of Ray Consolidated and give Hercules direct connection with
Hayden smelter. 1
SOME BIGGER ITEMS.
Other recent appropriations of large sums of money for improvements
and new work which are now in tiie course of expenditure in the state include
upwards of six million dollars set aside by Copper Queen for the opening of
its steam shovel pit on Sacramento Hill and the building of a concentrator to
handle these ores. The steam shovels are now going in the pit and the
ground being prepared for the mining campaign as rapidly as possible. Mill
construction will be underway very soon. At Jerome United Verde has made
appropriation . of several million dollars for the opening of steam shovel
ground, which will represent entire gain in activities in that district over
'and above all previous endeavors. This work will be started in earnest as
soon as the efficiency of present work, interferred with by the strike In May,
is restored. In the Globe-Miami district a large appropriation by Miami Cop
per for mill betterments is In course of expenditure, while Old Dominion
Arizona Commercial and Iron Cap are making important expenditures in
eauiDment and development betterments apart from the routine. At Ray
the Hay Concolidated is spending a big
higher efficiency. The results of which
Important in bringing up metal recoveries and earnings of this company and
will highly justify the time the management has taken in order to be thorough
ly sure of Its steps. At Superior the
portance from appropriations for mill betterments and extended research on
lower levels in the mine which gives promise of the attendance of large re
sults for the district. At Jerome the Verde Extension is spending upwards
of $3,000,000 for smelter and railroad construction.
TO EXPAND ITS OPERATIONS.
In the Clifton ?Morenci district Uiere'are plans nearlng consOmation for
large appropriations for mill and smelter betterments in addition to those
which are now being carried out at
dollars. The filing at Globe this week or a $30,000,000 first mort'agage by
the American Smelting & Refining Co. is said to be preliminary to the ex
pansion of its operations In Arizona, through new plant construction and
also increased capacity for its present Hayden smelter. The whole of this
big piece of new financing Is not, pf course, for the conddct of enterprise in
Arizona, but a good part of its will come here. At Douglas there are new
appropriations coming up for smelter work. Calumet & Arizona is understood
to have important appropriations coming
ities in the Warren district Humboldt
for further increases and betterments.
ide distircts there are material appropriations being expended and much more
planned by producers who have further equipment to add. In the Ajo district
there is the outlook that Ajo (Consolidated, with something more than 20,000,
000 tons of ore developed by drill, will soon finance for the expenditure of
probably a couple of million dollars for equipment.
ENORMOUS TOTAL OF EXPENDITURES. 4
There is represented in this glance at appropriations being expended and
appropriations coming up, a total of more than $15,000,000, as a more or less
casual midsummer performance of the metal producers of the state by way
of increasing efficiency. Add to this the expenditures being made by com
panies with properties yet in the development stage in the state, and a total
for above $20,000,000 Is represented. Every dollar of this carries with it not
only wages for workmen but new employment for labor after the construction
forces have finished their job. It must be remembered, too, that a good part
of the $20,000,000 will find its way to the pockets of Industrial workers in
every part of the country and In a wide variety of lines of endeavor which
must be called upon for the steel, the machinery and the range of general
supplies necessary to the Installation work. There is no meanness about the
mining industry In Arizona in the sharing of its earnings broadcast. Of new
enterprises planned by the state which will give direct assistance to the de
telopment of its resources by operators of small means, prospectors and
leasers, there needs be mentioned a sampling plant which is proposed at
Globe. George Bethune, a mining engineer of wide acquaintance in the
state and much familiarity with the resources of country tributary to Globe,
Is furthering this project. He has received a large quantity of samples from
various properties which desire the aid of the manner of custom treatment
of ores proposed and has reached a point in the preliminary investigatory
work which he expects to shortly warrant him In enlisting available capital
for the enterprise.
DIVIDENDS TO MINERS.
The advance In metal price this month to a point where it seems certain
that the average price paid for copper in June will exceed 30 cents, assures
an increase to mine, mill and smelter employes in the state in dividends re
sulting for their work in July. The profit rharlng plan voluntarily Insugurated
by the copper producers In Arizona when the metal market turned upward in
the first half of 1915 Is responsible for these advances in wages which occur
automatically with advance in the copper price average, totaling more than
(Continued oa
expectations entertained at that time
appropriation in bringing Its mill to
there la now assurance will be very
Magma is making expenditures of Im
cost of some hundreds of thousands of
up for extension of its mining facil
and Mayer have appropriations ahead
In the Oatman, Gold Roads and Chlor
Page Two)
I
. ... .- - .1
F
lAbove; Matin armament for super
RICH GOLD DEPOSITS
ARE FOUND ALONG THE
BANKS OF COLORADO
Ranid Develonment In NoriU
n r w it r
em Part of MoHave County
Is Planned Bv Newlv Or-'
ganized Mining Company.
KINGMAN, June
23. Systematic,
effort will now be made to recover
the rich gold values known to exist in
the bars along the Colorado river, a
short distance below the mouth of the
ti
famous Grand Canyon of Arizona
the northern part of Mohave county.
For many years it has been an ac
cepted fact that the gold content In
these bars would make enormous re- 1
turns, if operated on a scale commen-i The winze beintr sunk in the inter-;
surate with their importance. ' j mediate tunnel at Pinal Development ,
And sometime since, when Prof. A.j Is now ,n ore 311 the way a0POSS- Tne :
A. Hassan spent eleven weeks in aiP,er- is growing wirier with depth.,
very exhaustive examination of the! The winze was started down at a
property of the Grand Canyon Gold'P0'11 250 feet from the mouth of the
company be reported that there was'tunne'- at a Po!nt 175 feet un,er
about 200,000.000 cubic yard's of gold ' ground. It is now down about 30 feet
bearing gravel which carries a net ! nd ,he entire face of the winze, four
value of 40 cents per yard. Prof Has-1 fppt in width, is all fn rich black ore,
sans report is very full and covers1 Bht f"" f native copper.
60 typewritten pages. ' Striking ore three feot wide in the.
Experts Give Good Report. upner wnrkinirs at Pinal was announc-
P. McCardell, a United States m!n- erd In the Cppper Camp two weeks
eral surveyor and very favorably asn. Since that time the winze rms j
known mining engineers of Kingman, been started down and the results j
i. i.nB ..T...- .nn .nn, havfl hppn mnat pn Ti rn i' i ti i to John C.
n iau n biiat ux: lias infti H luauj B&tiii-
pitra iiuiu una kiuuiiu aiiu mat nc ut:-
lieves that Hassan's estimate of 40
cents net per cubic yard is extremely
ennservntivp Rnhprt C Janohson.
also of Kingman, and. well known as a
vorir ftAtnm.tant m nini, oticinoor
...rv..w.v u......n
states that he has taken several hun- me rami at a aeprn unaergrouna oi -- , r
dred . samples from this ground and "bout 650 feet. "pc on(the ' min to
his values run from 45 cents to about Ore countered In the intermedi-; 'ment of the dump ores and
$1 to the yard. ' ; ?te tunnel was followed for some dis- v'hlrt may be xtracted from tno
From time to time samples have tince last year. Ist summer a i ,rn'V ncs
been taken by business men of King- winze was started, but it apparently i Prescntt buslnnss and professional
man, all of whom report general aver-
age gold values of $1 to the yard,
Frank Culbertson. of Oil City. Penn.,
oeueves me values are exiremi.'iy iiiu
In gold, and he has spent several years
In examining these bars.
. Juitof Muinrove Hre. i
For several years Judge M. W. Mu3-
grove has given these bars his un-
divided attention and he is the active
spirit In the affairs of the Grand Can-
yon Gold company, being the controM-
Ing stockholder and general mnnager.
It Is only a few weeks since that
a reorganization of tne company was
'made and W. A. Cole, a prominent
banker, of Pittsburg, was elected
president and W. P. Johnson, treasur-
er. John Johnson, a well known bus!-,
ness man of Pittsburgh, is also a di-
rector. j
: -v"
- dreadnought in Bethlehem Steel work. ' Befevt TO Canada f ahranrl -
Jud?e Musgrove arrived here yester
day from Pittsburg to look over the
property with the view of inaugurate
ing extensive operations at an early
date. First thet ground will be care
fully drilled and then the question of,
a large dredge will at once be taken
! up. J
I On this visit Judge Musgrove is ac-,
f nied r .Jo'in. J rT- wh.
nas Deen an oncer 01 me rcusDurgn
police force for 16 years and who
stands very high as an efficient pains-
taking official.
These gentlemen will visit the rich ;
holdings of the Grand Canyon Go!d
company as soon as the present high:
water will permit.
PINAL DEVELOPMENT
WINZE NOW 111 ORE
- " - :
- v...... K.i 1 j -i
Is in eharpe of operations. As a rosult
of lhe excellent showing made, the j
winze will not only be continued, but
an upraise will be driven from the;
inwpr Tiinnpi u'nicn km nil Hi in erseci
.
too far to the richt and ran out of the
ore. Noth'nir more was done in this i
particular direction for months. A
lew wppks aeo in-vm us mimnni
over the tunnel and came to the con- j
elusion that the winze hid borne tool
far to thn rlirht. . He nut a man t i
work breaking out a shoot to the left
and the first sot pirked ur the ore.
Rinrp then It has been doing down
strone. and with the present showing
almost any sot mav open up an ore
hotly of surprising extent.
nureaii or Railway tconomlcs says
March net operating Income of Amor-,
lan railroads per mile was 118 ner.
cent less In 1917 than In 1916. 30.5
per cent greater than in 1915. 32.7 per!
cent greater than in 1914 and 35.7 per
cent greater than in 1913. j
FAMOUS OLD TIP TOP
MINE TO BE WORKED
BY LOS ANGELES MEN
Rich Sdver-Tungsten Prop-
ertv Idle For Manv Years
erty, icie ror many iears,
Expected To Disclose Val-
uable Ore Content.
PSKOV Aril. Jnnp 2S f?. n
Hol
have linger & Co.. of Los Aneeles,
taken-ovrr a controlling interest in the
Tip Top Consolidated Mining com
pany and aro immediately to under
take the development of the famous
old Tip Top silver-tungsten mine.
They have agreed toadvance $15,000
to liquidate the debts of the Tip Top
company and to expend $3,600 a month
for development until their total ex
penditures are $100,000.
First of all the 800-foot shaft will be
unwntered. It Is expected that
this
will disclose quantities of rich ore left
unbroken in the stopes because the
high tungsten content made the treat
ment of them unprofitable at that time.
When the Tip Top was operated by
Ilcgen,' Heed & HearRt syndicate, of
Fan Francisco, tungsten had no value
and was regarded as a nuisance.
Hawn, Hod & Hearst gave up the
Tin Ton in 1SS8. after the slump in the
price of silver. The ore that they took
from th mine was freighted to Yuma,
then the nearest railroad point, by ox
. . , - .
there it was shipped bv water to the
.. .. F ' '
-'r. al nnn ram in.
S!o",e of lt was even 8pnt to a smelter
" 8 j
ii ruiiir I 11 1IJ uiiiii, la ii.u ill
tiinesten. Holllnirpr To. t1an to
" r ' ,""T, 1 lu,u ""sw
' " " " f
iciiiia in nit- nfw urn i iney rfiinqiiiHu
1 control to the Is Anpeles concern.
Report of French minister of agri-
culture on crop situation in Francs
to June 1 shows great Improvement lishment of a new camp, on the Elk j Mine and Mill Equipment,
over report of April 1. Fine weather f gold mines by the Arizona A 0-stamp mill and other m"l and
seems to . have repaired much of rav- and California Mining Co.. and the In- mine PquiplI1ent have been ordered br
ages of severe winter on wheat, while filiation of an air compressor to the aiercorate of the McKmier Min
acreage of potatoes is greater than drve three drills, marks the beginning nr fi,0wlng the di-rovery
last year, and they are growing under of wlder exploration for this under- of B very promising body of hl-x wade
tA. t ut hi. luiiuiuuiio.
Swedish pulp and paper Industry en-
Joyed preat prosperity last year and
dividend payments ranged from 15 per
cent to 50 per cent. One large con-
cern showed profits 54 times as large
as those of 1915.
ACTIVE DEVELOPMENT
IS BEING CONTINUED
AT NAVAJO PROPERTY
Upraise Will Be Run And
Stoping Started As Soon As
Drift Has Been Advanced
Below Open Out
SELOME. June 23. Active develop
ment is being continued at the Navajo
mine north of Vicksburg. work during
the week having been continued both
in the drifts at the end of the tunnel
and In the open'cuts on the face of the
vein where it has been exposed on
the hillside.
As soon as the drift has been ad
vanced to a point immediately beloTj
the open cut, an upraise will be run
and the ground will be ready for stop-i
ing. As soon as this work is in shape!
to be begun, ore bins, etc., will be
built and preparations made for
tensive shipments.
An Interesting bit of Navajo history
was learned during the week in the
course of an interview with Bill Bear,
or Harrisburg, the oldest surviving
procpector and miner of the district.
Discovery of Mines.
According to Bear, several Mexicans
were dry washing. In 1S71. in the gulch geological conditions continue io pre
to the north of the hill on which the vail in the main working shaft which
mine is located. They came to the is being sunk jointly by the Venture
store at Desert Wells for supplies. Hill and Verde Apex Copper con ran
this being a euphemism for whiskeju ies near the end line of the first men
and suggested to Bill that there might tioned and the side line of the last
be values la the hill to the south of mentioned estate. At a depth a trifle
them. They said they knew nothing n excess of 200 feet the shaft Is jiass
of hard rock mining and invited him jng through a soft schist wall L. .;ieg
to come.out and look over the ground, nated with cholcopyrite. Assay uis
In thisconnection. it may not be out ci0se a 5 per cent copper contenr.
of place to say that the traces oi nnrinir the rereat but briof r :..rs'
former dry washing operations may ptrite at JeVme these properties, like
still be seen In the gulch and that the ma jonty of properties there, ucre
some of the ground there shoys pay. closed down. The ecforecd su.pes:on
dirt In good quantity. ot operations permitted water to rai;s
Bear accordingly 1orted'th mine the shaft and delayei for se eral
In the year mentioned, 1S71. . When jays tne resumption of sinking a.ter
it came time to do the assessment embargo had beea rem ed-
work. Bill delayed until the very last The jerlia cam at a most inopior
; day and. when he reached the ground. tune tlme for managements t the
j he found Jack and Barney Qiiinn were two companies, a. mining engineers
. waiting until tlie time expired in were y, enroute to make an exa:nin
order that they might relocate the ation of tbe propertles for eastern cap
claim. Bill was accomponied by Capt., itaiist3- u is reported, however, that
Strong of Nevada, and on his advice, the deiaved iC9peCUon wUl be niada
took Jack Quinn into partnership in .rIv in Juiv
I order to avoid trouble. The law. at,
that time, was not well settled as to
,T Th T t I " ,uu" Z """company, located aWut threemi.es
pleted on the ta8t day or if ,t .as northeast of HuniboMt. another ,cflve
sufficient that it should have been be- Dro8WCt has been added to the many
gun uUr lu p..uuu i w
Mine It Sold.
Quinn and Bear sold the mine later!
to Weightman. who built the old mill
which was burned down before drop
ping a stamp. It was during the
Weightman regime that most of the
work on the property was done, in
cluding the tunnel which so nearly
reached the vein of high grade de
veloped by Manager DePay.
Weightman traded the property to
an attorney named Rumor for stock
in the Weaver mine and Rumor sold
lu U,"R. . ,
erty for some years during which time
William Cavell was in charge as
watchman. Cavell has been on tho
ground constantly for more than twen
ty years and is developing some prop
erty of his own to the east of the
Navajo, where he has, single handed
shaft
and without machinery, sunk
to a depth of 200 feet.
From Winchester, the property
passed Into the hands of the present
owners, the Navajo Mines Corpora-
tion. of which' C L. DeLay is presl-
dent and general manager.
It is of Interest to know that while
t v.u .u a . ,...iA.i .
u .... -
ouantitv of ore to the arrastra at
Harrisb 8ecUring reqoveries of
u is evdent
that the Nevajo la'
going to repeat the history of so and the best meant or offsetting them,
many of the older mines of the dis- W. A.' Richelson. the recently ap
trict and to begin a life of real pros- rointed superintendent brings to the
perity and production after many development of the properrv a wealth
years of idleness and absence of of practical mining knowle Ie-- ruined
scientific development. In the copper mines of the T.ak ?i?pe-
rior country. Under bis d'r-tion
Large Operations On
The Elk Gold Claims
PRESCOTT. June 23. The estab-
taking. nevetoptneni worn during
the past week has proven satisfactory
to
Manager Wilhelm. and a line- of
work to last for several months is to
be eneeetically rushed. Mr. Wilhelm
also announced that he would revive
the Ruth In a short time, since lead
and silver quotations were attractive, j
ALL YAVAPA
PROPERTIES
MAKE 6000
SHOWINGS
Promising Egological Con
tinue To Prevail In Main
Working Shaft of Verde
Apex And Venture HilL
REMOVING THE WATER
FROM JEROME VICTOR
I
United Verde Consolidated Is
Being Reorganized; Gads
den Shaft Now Down 420
Feet, Work Continues.
(By William P. De Wolf.)
PRESCOTT. June 23. PronTiins
Bv lhe resumDtion of oDerations at
t, property of the Baumann Mine
quiokened of ,ate aIonK the south eX.
tinn th- verd mineral he't. Dur-
few days three carloa.U of
machinery and other mine ciaterials
have been delivered at the company's
Baby shaft, the point selected for fu
ture exploratXn. Thi3 shaft is bein
retlnibered and placed in miner-like
condition. A treasury fund has been
secured ample to meet the expense en
tailed in developing the property at
depth. It would appear as though the
development campaign was certain of
success as the mineral showing at sur-
face and nominal depth is very en-
cou raging.
Unwatering Jerome Victor.
The task of unwatering the shaft
on the estate of the Jerome Victor Ex
tension Copper company, at Jerome,
was resumed upon settlement of the
recent strike, and is being farthered
ith all possible dispatcn. 1 cis prop-
n? ' tbf. favorably located
m lne ' erue .. r,,
a ssprl"s of handicaps of a men dis-
erasing nature during the past year,
8Ucn "s wa,er trouble- SiTi tro,:b!e-
transportation trouble, punipin; trou-
ble and mine manaeement trouble. It
iwever the financial backip of
na8- t'owever. ioe unanciai oariun, m
experienced Michigan mining ren who
are familiar with the Irritating delays
which at times attach to mining worjt
progress Is more rapid thsn TT-nerly
and is attended by fewer rr.ishnn. The
objective is a depth of 1.200 feet, where
a long drive that shows pronounced
copper Indications has been extended
well toward the line of the famous
rnitot Vonla mire n.llointnir
gold-copner ore at a depth of feet
The strike wss made In a crosscut 500
feet out from the shaft station and
was attended by the tapping of a
workings freed from water. It Is the
purpose to reduce the ores directly at
(Continued ton Page Two) TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 24, 1917.
LONGEST TUNNEL IN
ARIZONA WILL BE IN
U, V. EXTENSION
JEROME. Ariz, June 23. (Special
to The Review.) Construction of the
largest mine tunnel In Arizona, and
one of the largest in the world, is now
under way here. , Tfie Potter Con
struction company, of New York and
St. Louis, has contracted to complete
within a year a 12,500-foot tunnel thut
will tap the 1400 foot level of the
United Verde Extension mine. It is
understood that the total cost of the
tunnel is to be over $1,000,000.
Originally the Extension company
planned to have a tunnel driven
through the lower end of the Jerome
Hogback, about three miles east of
this camp, northward to the Extension
ore bins on the Verdi Tunnel & Smel
ter railroad, and thepce west to the
mine. That tunnel would have been
only a little over 10,000 feet In length.
Within the last few days this plan has
been entirely changed.
Sinking New Shaft.
The tunnel has been started within
a short distance of the point originally
selected for the portal but is is point
ed west instead of north. It will be
driven to point under the hogback
some 1S00 feet east of the Dundee
Arizona property and from there will
bend northwest toward the big Ex
tension ore body.
Sinking of a 500-foot shaft 50 feet
from the place where the bend is to
be made is already under way. A
crosscut will be run over from the
shaft to the line of the tunnel and
crews will then be started driving
both ways. Within a day or two an
other crew will be started driving the
tunnel from the 1400-foot level of the
mine. Three shifts are to be kept at
work constantly In the four headings.
The dimensions of the tunnel will
be 9 x 94 feet It will be used
principally for haulage. Construction
of a railroad from the site of the
U. V. Extension smelter, five miles
from the mouth of the tunnel, will be
undertaken within a month. This
railroad is to run from the smelter
right through the tunnel and into the
mine.
Rush Work On Smelter.
It is expected that the smelter and
tunnel will be finished next June or
July. Until that time the Extension
must continue to ship its ores to the
Douglas Globe and Humboldt smelters.
The ore is hoisted through the Edith
shaft and transported by aerial tram
to the railroad, a mile away.
A four-mile railroad from Clarkdale
south to the site of the smelter will
the smelter will be on the sidetrack at
the smelter will on' the sidetrack at
Clarkdale by that time and -construction
of the smelter, an 800-ton plant,
will then be rushed with all possible
speed. Most of the necessary grading
has already been done.
Since the recent labor strike the
Extension ore shipments have averag
ed 350 tons a day. This ore averages
around 25 per cent copper. All ore
running lower than 12 per cent is left
in the stopes for treatment when the
company has its own smelter.
Little Water Trouble
Diamond drilling operations are now
WESTERN UNION
TELEGRAM
San Francisco, 7:20 p. m., Jun 20th, 1917.
WESTERN COPPER SYNDICATE,
Phoenix, Arizona.
In my opinion Michigan Verde presents one of the most attractive
investment in the Jerome District today. Geological and structural
conditions are distinctly favorable for deep seated ore deposition as
cropping underlying the lime capping show the alteration products of
associated minerals which are known to have accomplished superficial
alteration. It is well known that copper is easily leached from the
surface and precipitated into valuable ore bodies at depth. In this
instance we have evidence of leaching in acidic rocks leaving a fer
ruginous outcrop or iron stained rock which invariably passes down
ward into commercial copper ores. My inference is justifiable since
the above characteristics are almost universally associated with ex
tensive copper ore deposits at depth. Adjoining the famous United
Verde which has been in operation since the early Eighties and in
close proximity to the great glory hole is an important fact which must
not be overlooked and should In itself commend Michigan Verde as a
meritorious investment Deep development has demonstrated many
theories made by eminent geologists all of which have worked out suc
cessfully In the Jerome district From an engineering standpoint I
can conscientiously recommend the exploitation and development of
the Michigan Verde and the results I am confident will amply repay
the investor.
- , (Signed) ALEXANDER HAMILTON,
331 Rialto Bldg-, San Francisco, 9:13 p. m.
NOTE This brief endorsement was wired in by Mr. Hamilton upon
his return to San Francisco after an exhaustive examination of the
Michigan Verde property. He is one of the most noted geologists of the
day, being highly rated by the Guggenheim and for many yeai on
the advisory staff of the late Cecil Rhodes in his Immense South
African mining enterprises. W. C. Syndicate.
under way at the Arkansas & Arizona
under the direction of N. Bertrand,
who has long been associated with the
Calumet & Arizona in the Warren and
Ajo districts. The drill is set up on
the 1640-foot level in the face of a
drift 1275 feet south of the shaft. The
first hole is horizontal and pointed
eastward through schist that is shot
full of iron sulphide.
With the coming of warm weather,
the nynes in the Verde district are
having much less trouble with water
than they experienced after the heavy
spring storms. At the Jerome Daisy,
north of the A. & A., one No. 7 Cam
eron pump is handling all the watei
that makes in the shaft, which is
down about 250 feet. Two other pumps
that were installed when the Jerome
Daisy seemed 'in the way of becom
ing one of the wettest mines in the
district are standing idle.
The Jerome Daisy is working three
shifts since its machinery was in
stalled and the power house complet
ed, and rapid progress is being made
in sinking to depth. It is probable
that at 500 or 600 feet a crosscut will
be run northwest to the intersection
of the Verde north fault and a cross
fault, where conditions for the deposi
tion of copper are unusually favorable.
Workings Flooded.
Operations have been suspended in
definitely at the Jerome Victor Exten
sion, which adjoins the United Verde
on the west. Following the installa
tion of one of the best steam plants in
Arizona and electric pumps adequate
to handle the heavy flow of water,
orders came from the cempany's New
York office to dismiss the force and let
the workings flood. No explanation
of this action has been made by the
company, which is known to be well
financed.
The Calumet & Arizona shaft has
reached a depth of 520 feet and a sta
tion is being cut at the 500. This
shaft is bottomed in soft Yavapai
schist shot through with iron sulphide
and flecks of chacopyrite. Everything
is favorable for the opening of an
other big ore body and -the C. & J.
seems to have an even chance of
bringing in the next mine of the dis
trict Indications no less favorable, how
ever, are being opened at the Verde
Combination, where the shaft is down
350 feet and bottomed in schist The
Verde Combination schist also carries
iron and chalcopyrite and it is be
lieved that ore will be opened when
a point of deposition is reached.
Canadians Interested.
Air drills began working in the
Combination shaft last week, the com
pressor having finally been placed in
commission. Work is being continued
by hand in cjpe raise and several
crosscuts from the Mescal tunnel, and
all give splendid promsie of copper
ore.
Providing an eastern geologist who
made an examination of the Verde
Apex last week makes a favorable re
port, $100,000 will be available for the
development of that property. The
geologist was sent to check up the re
port of Walter Harvey Wood, who
looked over the Apex about three
months ago and recommended its de
velopment It is understood that Can
adian capitalists are largely interested
in the syndicate negotiating for a con
trolling interest in the Verde Apex
company.
NEW MILL WILL BE'
BUILT AT CANANEA
FOR LEAD AND ZINC
Carnegie Company Will In
stall Plant Capable of Hand
lino; 500 Tons of Ore paily,
Is Announcement
Carnegie Lead & Zinc Company will
immediately construct a new mill for
the treatment of its mine product at
Cananea, Mexico, says Skilling's Min
ing Review. Other needed improve
ments will be made, including the con
struction of a spur railroad track to
serve the mine, to replace teams, and
this will be accomplished also by the
time the mill Is ready to go in com
mission. The company plans to spend
around $400,000 altogether on its new
improvements, and will not, according
to present expectations, have to sell
any of the treasury stock.
This news was announced Thurs
day evening, after an all day session
of the new board of directors that was
elected at the annual meeting of stock
holders last Tuesday. The Mining R3
view takes much satisfaction in mak
ing this announcement It is a step
that is fully warranted by the Car
negie property. The ores are complex
but of high average grade.
The new mill will have a capacity
for treating 600 tons, of ore per day.
It will be modern in every particular,
a concentrator of the first class. Oil
flotation will be used to recover from
the slimes and tailings. The Carnegie
ore breaks well enough to get good
results from the use of jigs and tables.
Recovery by the present mill is 80 per
cent but it is expected that the new
mill will exceed that very materially.
The stockholders of Carnegie Lead &
Zinc have every reason to feel greatly
encouraged. The construction of the
new mill is fully warranted by ore
reserves, and by the assurance that
they have much rich territory not yet
developed.
The annual meeting turned out to be
a comparatively tame affair. Presi
dent R. P. Burgan is a very large
stockholder. He came here with plans
for the benefit of all the stockholders
rather than a desire to obtain control.
He was cheerfully met half way by
the Duluth stockholders. The result
was the election of three so-called
Burgan directors and three Duluth
directors, and then a compromise di
rector, who is also a Duluth man.
The new board is composed of D.
T. Helm. Jesse Norton. W. W. Weljs
and C. W. Stilson of Duluth. The
other three directors are R. P. Bur
gan and J. F. Edmunds of Pittsburgh,
and J. H. Santord, Jr.. of Cananea and
El Paso.
The new officers are: President .and
general manager, R. P. Burgan; vice
president Jesse Norton; treasurer, VV.
W. wells; secretary, F. S. Snyder,
Pittsburgh, and assistant secretary
Caroline Peterson. The Carnegie
Lead & Zinc company has a strong
organization, and one that will act in
harmony. It may confidently be ex
pected that the company will quickly
attain prestige and a basis from which
good earnings may be depended upon
in what we have come to know as nor
mal times.
The headquarters of the company
will continue in Duluth as. usual. The
mine operating office will it is now
planned, be located in El Paso. J. H.
Sanford, Jr., is in. charge of mine
operations. '
PRESCOTT-JEROME
ROAD BUILDING TO
BE STARTED SOON
Yavapai County Plans To Sur
vey Several Routes For
Highway Between Milo
High City And Big Copper
Camp.
i
JEROME. June 23. Definite steps
will shortly be taken by the board of
supervisors to build a direct road be
tween Prescott and Jerome, according
to County Treasurer P. J. Keohane,
who was in this camp yesterday.
The supervisors are planning, stat
ed Treasurer Keohane, to put a sur
vey crew in the field to go over the
several routes that have been sug
gested. C. C. Stucky, chairman of
the board, is to be in Jerome shortly
to discuss the road propositions wth
Verde citizens. He will get their
ideas regarding the route of the pro
posed highway and also in regard to
raising money to defray the cost. The
formation of a special road district
for the purpose of issuing bonds h&s
been suggested.
"Mr. Stucky and Supervisor JacK
Yeager are both strongly in favor of
a direct road from Prescott to Jer
ome," said the treasurer. "Stuky says
that as the people of both Jerome and
Prescott want it they ought to have it."
In Jerome the route most favored
is a continuation of the Pittsburg
Jerome road over the mountains and
through Yaeger canyon to Dewey.
That route, however, will involve
heavy and expensive construct 'on for
several miles.
"nited States Navy since April 1,
.'ias armed 365 ships, other than fight
ing craft, for protection against submarines.
LARGE EXPENDITURES
ARE BEING MADE BY
PRODUCERS OF STATE
(Continued from page one.)
ten million dollars the month, com
pairng with total wages of less than
$5,000,000 the month in 19815. More
men are of course at work now than
In 1915, but this Increase in number
does not near account for the doubl
ing up of the total pay roll. As
much is evident from the fact that
men who will next month receive
$5.70 for their 8 hour day's work were
receiving in 1915 but $3,25 to $3.50.
Work at these wages was then eaberly
sought The war panic, during which
employment was cut in half, was not
yet ended and there were thousands
of idle men in Arizona as compared
with the scarcity of competent labor
which now prevails.
Patriotism A Safeguard.
Interference with the great strides
the state is making in the creation of
additional permanent employment and
in theoutputting of record quantities
of copper, a work that is stimulated
in every department by the realization
of the needs of the government and
its allies, is unlikely. This view is be
coming more and more accepted as
the seriousness of the war breaks in
upon the public and patriotism
broadens. Another factor is the pres
ence of so many men of foreign birth
in the working population of the state.
These realize what government direc
tion of the mines, or Federal rule in
the districts would mean and want
none of such restrictions. Dividends
to the workers from the surplus prof
its would not stand under government
direction, for the government itself
needs the dividends. It is already get
ting a large share of these from in
come tax levied upon the owners of
dividend earning copper shares and
from excess profit tax levied upon the
producers. But the worker is so far
free from these taxes,, receiving the
pay that top metal market prices dic
tate, and this notwithstanding the fact
that the producers are all sold far
ahead and are themselves not receiv
ing within several cents of the quoted
market price for the metal which they
are hurrying with all speed from their
mines on existing contracts. Stand
ard wage for miners corresponding
with eastern pay for such work, which
i sa couple of dollars, lower under un
ion organization contracts, it is con
sidered would be adopted as fair by
the government in the event that it
should be forced to take hold, particu
larly in view of National needs.
Great Activity Ahead.
If matters continue smoothly ahead
in Arizona, there is' no question but
that fall and winter will witness the
most extensive and stable broadening
of activiities in its mineral districts
that has ever been enjoyed in any
mining division of the country. The
enormous amounts of money which
are being expended by established,
dividend earning concerns in the Ari
zona districts and the totals of which
are being steadily expanding on the
legitimate lines which public senti
ment is enforcing, leaves no room for
question but that Activity transcend
ing anything before entertained is
I ahead and that it will have benefits j
j for everybody in the state. I
High Price of Lead j
Stimulating Mining
PRESCOTT, June 23. John Harlan.'
who has been operating the Crook
gold mine for its gold values mainly.'
stated yesterday the lead content of
its ores will hereafter be made an ob-'
ject of recovery, owing to the hish!
price of this metal, which has reached
to over IV cents a pound. The mill
on the ground will be started up in:
a short time, and the lead zone in old
workings will be developed energetl-!
cally. Mr. Harlan is quite optimistic
over the outlook and the black super-1
ceding the yellow metal may be one
of the surprise's to face an old-time;
gold -rated property. !
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
AND
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
JEROME
Oatman
Stocks
YAVAPAI PROPERTIES
SHOWING UP GOOD
(Continued l rora Page One)
the mine by meami of stamps and the
oil-flotation process. The mill equip
water flow that drove the miners from
the workings, with the loss of jack
hammers and steel and the inundating
Of the pump. Pannings of the forma
tion carried by the flow revealed ex
ceptionally high mineral contents.
The drift south on the 400-foot level
was carrying ore that sampled better
than $100 gold-copper to the ton when
a cave-in forced suspension of opera
tions at that point. Both re bodies
are now to be explored as soon as
pumps have been installed and the
ment will probably be in operation by
September 1.
U. V. Con. Reorganized.
Owners of United Verde Consolidate
ed Copper company shares will doubt
less be interested to learn that reor
ganization has been perfected and
plans made to resume operations on
the acreages the company controls in
the Verde district and in C'jpper can
yon. The latter consists of 20 claims, I
which present a good copper showing
at surface and nominal depth. The J
United Verde Junior group, located in ;
the Verde district, is held under op-,
tion by the company price $70,000. Of ,
this amount $10,000 has been paid by ;
the company. j
Since January 1 ,1917, the o,u'u
monthly payments called for in the
agreement have not been made by the
corporation. A third party has, how
ever, entered into an agreement with
the company to make the defaulted
payments and to meet the other pay
ments as they fall due, in considera
tion of the assignment to him of the
option to .purchase. He further agrees
to return the property to the company
within a give ntime when all of the
Eaiil navnients made by him shall be
refunded. The management is jiow
arranging Vj secure funds to meet
these requirements and to prosecute
1 development
work. The results are
reported to be satisfactory. The prop
' erty is of unquestioned value and well
I worth the efforts the management is
i making to retain it.
Operations at Gadsden.
! The Gadsden shaft at Jerome has a
: death somewhat in excess of 42.0 feet J
at this writing. A considerable area
j 'jf bad ground was encountered and
I caught up at a depth of 370 feet, where
' the shaft passed from the sedimentar-"
! les into the schist. But little water
i has. however, thus far been encoun
i tered. The flow is. in fact, so meager
I it dqes not in any way hamper work.
' During May the shaft was sunk a total
; of 202 feet under the bonus system,
i Over $5,000 in bonuses' were earned
! by the miners in addition to their regu
; lar daily wage. No time was lost by
the men during May by reason of the
j strike, as a Concession was granted by
the union permitting thera to work un
' til June 1, in order to earn the bonus
j allowed for extra footage. On June 2,
the strike was settled by vote of the
1 union, so no time was lost at the Garis
I ileu by reason thereof.
FORMER GOVERNOR OF
NEBRASKA INVESTS IN
PROPERTY AT SALOME
TRESCOTT, June 23. Former Gov- j
ernor of Nebraska George D. Meikle- j
john, has recently taken over the Law
rence Ryan group of gold mines at
Salome, and is arranging his affairs to
begin large operations at onc
The sale was made on an option
basis, and it is stated the considera
tion will be heavy, the group bavins
been extensively exploited and mill
runs giving excellent 'results.
Mr. Ryan arrived in the city yester
day from his camp, after turning over
the property to Mr. Meiklcjohn. and
will remain here during: the summer.
He states a vast amount of mining
capital is going to that field, and over
a score o' mines are now active.
REVIVING OLD MINE
IN EUREKA DISTRICT
PRESCOTT. June 23. Arrivals
from Copper creek stated yesterday
that very much interest was being
manifested in mining circles over a
new movement under headway by '
Messrs. Gillespie and Buell. who had
taken over the Copper King group,
owned by the estate of John Lawler.l
and were preparing to begin large!
operations. I
Over 100 head of mules have been
shipped in from Salt River Valley and
the rebuilding of the old wagon road
out of Hillside is going on. 'It is aUo
reported that the above livestock is'
to be used in freighting out ores That
carry a high percentage of zinc, with,
other metals as a by-product. The
road has a length of about 30 miles
and the camp is near the Hagilad hoM-j
ings. hut in a mineral zone distinctive
from that coppt r. The Law lor hold
ings have enjoyed an excellent rutin?
In zinc since early days, and in recent
years have been examined and report
ed on favorably by engineers.
Halifax Shipbuilding Co.. has been
Incorporated at Ottawa with a capi'alj
of 13,000.000.
H
W
L
U
M
B
E
R
C
o
enderson will try and
please you,
atkins, he
helps too, '
umber has gone up
a little as
sual as other
things has,
ighty good
time to buy
efore things
get so high
ach month you put off
building that home you
un a risk of
having none
ome let us
talk to you,
lson may offer some
suggestions too.
PHONE 16
ML KEANE
High Class Tailor,
Airdome Theatre
Lowell, - Arizona
. K- UVERYand
UNDERTAKING CO
Robert Henessey, Prop.
pcsi;e Depot. Ambulance.
EYE NERVE-lGLASSES
Study and much re
search work: since
1892. is the cause of
my successful practice
in Bisbee.- . Dr. R.
Glaze, Neutrologist,
Bldg.. Phone, Office
Black 420.
Room 1. Maze
156, Residence,
We are paying good prices
for hides.
ARIZONA JUNK CO.
Lowell, Arizona.
WATKINS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
L
The HALLMARK Store
J.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
CHICHESTER S PILtS
TI'K DIAMOND HKAND. A
Lftdlrsit Ak fmmr UrvmrimA far
r1Ula Kerf ami Uolrf nm,!
I 9 UNf' HtiT sr T
lMAMO IfttA.MIft PILL, far C&
years known M Best, safest. Always Relta44a
SOLD PY MtGGSIS FVfRYWKERf
AW
BISBEE-DOUGLAS STAGE
. WINTON SIX
Travel in luxury roomy, comfortable cars; careful, courteous drivers.
Leave Copper Qusen Hotel, Bisbe and Gadsden Hotel Douglas on the
hour commencing eight A. M. dally, via Lowell and Warren. Arrange
ments may be made for private parties and special trips.
MOTOR TRANSIT CO.
Phone, Bisbee 93
immmmmwrnammmM
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best ol everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month. $40 ;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York, and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
LUMESR-
5HIMGLLWILATM5
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL MARKS. Mgr. LOWELL
mm
J.B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
Now is the time to boy
BEACH LOT
$350
. $1.00 Down
$1.00 Per Week
10 OS On Excess Payments
No Interest No Taxes,
Seashore Colony Tract, Newport
Beach.
25 choice sand lots; former price.
$500. Gas, water and electricity at
hand. Electric cars through tract;
stat'-us on tract A bona fide op-poi.-.Jty
to double your money
jaiwiy.
C L Lancaster, Owner
603 Central Bldg Los Angeles
Qr Newport Beach, Cat. '
The Hotel Paisley
432 Geary St, San Francisco, Cat
One Block From St. Francis
Opposite Columbia Theatre
100 Outside Rooms With Batb.
Rate $1.00 a Day And Up
Under The Management of
Ed. Anderson Win. Robinson
All Geary Street Cars Direct From
Ferry To Hotel.
Phone.. Douglas 342
HE WHO RUNS MAY READ
the character of the lumber that
has been used in a building. A
glance will show the big ugly
knots, the split boards in one
and the smooth unspllt surface
of those in another. We sell the
latter kind of lumber exclusive
ly. Cse our boards, shingles,
laths, etc.. and you'll more than
make the cost wien yon come to
sell the building. See the point;
Company. nc
CAR STOP. PHOKS. 2a.
1
: CATARRH
: Vivl II DrV24. Hours ;
W "Smi3. br. lh fay , . . . . II I . .
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 24, 1917.
THREE
Celebrate Anniversary,
Mr. and Mrs. George Young, of Can'
anea, entertained with a very delight-
lul celebration Saturday evening at I
their beautiful noma in the old copper j
camp in commemoration of their 25th j
wedding anniversary: Their three J
daughters, Mrs. Mildred Young Eobin- i
son, of Lowell, Mass.; Miss Marpary '
and Millieent, both of Cananea, and j 5
about 125 friends were present at thei!
dinner in the early evening, and!'
stayed to enjoy the dance later on. J
The patio of the Young home was j '
beautiful with Its myriad colored lights '
where the guests sauntered and en- . (
joyed the cotl fragrance of tfle grow-1 J
ing things, while others danced in the J
spacious dining and living rooms. Sup-
per served at midnight concluded the I
festivities, which were perhaps the ' .
gayest that the old mining town had
witnessed in many years. As this was
the silver anniversary many beautiful
presents were given the celebrants,
particularly elaborate ones being given
by Four C company and the Democra
ta company officials and employes.
Mr. Young is the secretary of the
Cananea Copper Company, and he and
hi family have resided in Cananea for
the past fifteen years, and tuey are
beloved by the Mexican natives as well
as their many American friends. Many
Bisbee people were present.
i
Leaves For Miller's Canyon.
pn Wednesday evening the Ashantl
Camp Fire girls left for the Y. W. C.
A. Camp at Miller's Canyon, where
they will stay ten days. The girls
have been anxiously waiting their turn
for the outing. Those going were:
Beth Hoffman, Montana Mclntyre,
Magnolia Mclntyre, Marie Buckett,
Ethel Warner, Margorite Brereton,
Clara MarieUe and the Misses Blanche
Powell, Elma Hill, Ella Redd, Helma
Junttola, Effie Anderson, Olive Sul
ci iff e, Millie Rowe, Florence Scott and
Louise Enochs; accompanied the girls
and will stay until they return. . Miss
Ellen Avery will assist Miss Bartlett,
who" is in chargef o the camp, while
the girls are there.
Birthday Party.
A very pleasant little party was
given on Monday afternoon at the
home of Mr. and Mrs. S. K. Hammer,
in ( Quarry canyon, the 'occasion being
the anniversary birthday of Master
Robert Hammer. .
IGames were played, and at 4 o'clock
( refreshments were served. Robert
was the recipient of several very nice
presnts. Thos present were Wilemena
and Louise Rast, Ethel and Frank
Demond, Harry Furgeson, Edith, Sid
ney and Robert Hammer.
, '
Y. W. C. A. Camp.
On Wednesday the Silver Link Club
returned from the camp at Miller's
Canyon. The club consisted of seven
girls: Marie Smith, Nora Bendjron,
Elizabeth Herrick, Margorite Camp-j
bell, Elsie Thompson. Lula Baldwin,
Vivian Robinson, Edna Cain. Alice
Erkkson," Laurine Kearns, Bene Ny-1
man, and Mildred Buckett. The girls!
report a dandy fine time and are ready
to go again when it comes their turn
Dance At Vista Park
There will be a danc at Vista Park
July 3, given by the Eastern Star for
the benefit of the Red Cross. The Cop
per1 Queen band has generously offered
music free. On July 4, the Eastern
Star will serve dinner in the Moose
hall, the local order pfferlng the hall.
The proceeds will also go to the Red
Cross.
Married in Tucson.
Percy L. Walton .of this city, was
niBrried in Tucson Tuesday to Miss
Emma C. Erickson. The marriage was
a .complete surprise to Bisbee people.
After a short stay in Tucson Mr. and
Mrs. Walton will return to Bisbee,
where they will make their L'ome.
Married In Dallas.
ft. C. Laney, popular Bisbee resident
who has been visiting relatives and
friends, seemingly very dear friends,
in Dallas, Tex., returned Wednesday.
While in Dallas, Mr. Laney was mar
ried to an old sweetheart. The Laney s
will make Bisbee their home.
Birthday Dinner.
A very delightful afternoon was
This 19 Jewel Watch
Now Only $28.75
It is no longer necessary to pay
$40, $50 or more to secure a thin
model 19 jewel watch adjusted to
temperature and four positions.
4
The new South Bend 19 Jewel
Special has all these features and
many more formerly to be had only
in high priced watches.
The most remarkable value we
have seen in all our years of watch
experience. Easy terms. Come in
and see this wonderful watch today.
LOWELL JEWELRY SHOP
FACTORY AGENTS MAIN STREET, LOWELL
ATTACH HOME "OP
MRS. SPRECKELS;
UNPAID ALIMONY
Or fr
St
r.
l,rs. John D. Sprocket, J.
After hiding for a couple of yean,
in the comparative obscurity ' 'l.e
Spreckels millions, the form: 0 di
Wirti Kansas prirl of a pictUK le
ly romantic career, is aain in 'ha
public eye, her beautiful home in Sr.n
Francisco havin? been attached by
the divorced wife of John" D.
Spreckels, Jr for unpaid alimom.',
Wedded by the flip of a coin, ':
vorced, famed as a stage beauty asvi :
dancer," the bewitchinf Sicli reac! ;
he p'inacle of her ambition wher. 1; '
191i),he became the wife of th' '" -;dfic
coast multiraiHionaire.
spent at the home of Mr. and Mrs. M.
E. Shelton, in Tombstone canyon, on
(Tuesday, in honor of Mr. Shelton's
birthday. The table was laid for eight
and a lovely four-course dinner was
served.
Surprise For Miss Callahan.
At the home of Miss Lee Callahan
on Tuesday evening a delightful af
fair took; plpce when Miss Callahan's
friends surprised her with a miscel
laneous shower, which included many
beautiful gifts tu Miss Callahan. Music
and dancing were enjoyed by all and :
dainty refreshments were served to j
the Misses Anna Hampston, Edith ;
Parch. Venita Lewis, Bess Holman,
Catherine Dupen. Clara Olson. Mabel !
Martin, Lillian Vickers, Beulah Bar-!
nard, Mary Turner, Rose Walker, Mar- j
garet McCall, Ella Itzeveire, Ella Cal- i
lahan, Francis Callahan, Geneviev;
Callahan, Lee Callahan. Madeline Han-
kins and Mesdames Whalen. Nankins
and Callahan.
The Douglas International of last '
Tuesday hod the following announce-!
ment of a former Bisbee girl:
"Vmberto R. Vietti and Miss Anna
Negri were united in marriage at the
home of the bride's parents in the C.
& A. addition last evening by Justice
Dunlap. A number of friends of the
contracting parties were present, in
cluding several from Bisbee. Follow
ing the wedding ceremony a wedding
supper was served, after which the
1 1
t . V. .; Hi .
I, ' " " S
ft -' r
i
r , -i j
L .. !i
3cn - , !
v-K i-' i?3 " lm
couple boarded the Golden State Lim
ited for California. They will return
to Douglas where they will make their
future home."
Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Gohring, of War
ren, is spending a few days in Ph'oenix.
Mrs. Grace Kingsbury, of Tomb
stone, is in the city for a few days.
visiting her mother, Mrs. Hicks.
Mrs. Viola Dennison and Mi;:s Etta
Saunders motored from Tombstone
last evfiiing. They will be in the city
for a few days visiting friends.
Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Kempton, Miss
Kay Kempton and Miss Flora Swan
per, of Safford, who are visiting with
the Ken:ptons, spent last Sunday at
Ramsey Canyon.
Miss Mercedes Hosmer left the first
of the week for Flagstaff, where she
will attend the summer term of the
Nornial school.
M:fs Doi'jthy Jacobs is spending a
few weeks at Bernard's Resort, Ram
sey Canyon.
Mrs. J. E. Fry left M'onday for an
extended visit on the coast.
Miss May Hill, 01 the Phelps Dodge
store, returned last week from South
Pasadena, where she has been visiting
ner aunt, Mrs. M. A. Johnston.
Mrs. I. W. Wallace and children left
Monday evening for an extended trip
to Long Beach, Cal.
'
Misses Anna and Sophia Metz re
turned this week from Santa Fe. N. M.,
where they have been attending the
Loretta academy. Miss Anna graduat
ed this year and expects to make her
home here with her parents, Mr.and
Mrs. 1 neouore .Metz.
Mrs. F. L. Williams returned Tues
day evening after a pleasant visit with
friends in Tuct'on.
t
Mrs. C. W. Hicks, who has been vis
iting her daughter, Mrs. J. T. Kings
bury, at Tombstone, returned home
this week. Master James Kingsbury
accompanied his grandmother and will
spend a short time in Bisbee.
Mrs. Eunice Eldridge is spending
'ho week-end in Douglas.
Mrny Bisbee people received invita-
iiens to the wedding of Miss Mary Ed-
"? N'evin and Mr. Evert Springer both
Tombstone, on the twentieth of this
month.
The Ladies' Aid will mt at the
home of Mrs. Oscar Gillman in Lowell.
Thursday.
Mrs. C. W. Kane and son, Willard
Whitt, are entertaining friends on
little picnic party at Ramsey Canyon
today, among whom are. Mr. and Mrs.
Howard Epley of Douglas. Mrs. A. E.
Diggen and F. O. Frost of Bisbee.
The members of the choir of the
Baptist church were entertained at the
home of Mrs. Manross, Thursday ev
ening. A very delightful evening was
spent after which refreshments were
served.
Freight handlers ana grain shovel
era at Boston & Albany docks, East
Boston, struck Iflonday, tying up three
British steamers being loaded. They
demand $3 a day.
BOTH MOTHER
AND DAUGHTER
Relieved From Pain and
Suffering by Lydia E.
PirJcharn's Vegetable
Compound. '
Troolilyn. N.Y. "For three or fotn
year? I sutfered s great deal of pair
i'eriodically, so I would have to lio down.
My bad; would cche and I would feel
very wea& ana mis
erable. I remem
bered how my moth
er hod founa relief
from pain by using
Lydia E. Pinkham'f
Vegetable Com
pound and I decidec
to try it, and thank;
to the Compound il
helped me lust as it
did my mother, am,
1 am free from pain,
backache and that
general weakness that was so hard tc
cear. I am able to do my work during
such times and am recommending Lydis
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound U
my friends who suffer as I did." Mist
Meta Tiedemann, 1C22 Jefferson Ave,
Brooklyn, N. Y.
To know whether Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
will help yon, just try it. Foi
rdviee write to Lydia 1. IMnkham
Medicine Co. (confidential) Lynn
Maw, Your letter will be opened,
read and answered by a woman,
and held tu strict coniidence.
What the Red Cross
Will Do In the War
(By John B. Miller, who was ap-jback to America, and the Red Cross
pointed by President Wilson to take , receiving station here will care for
charge of the American Red Cross I him, send him home and on top of
War Fund in the territory west of the; that look after his family after he is
Mississippi.) . wounded just as it will have looked
If you are a real American you 'after his family all the time he has
must contribute to the War Fund of been away.
the Red Cross during the week ofj Do you know what this means? In
June 18 to 25, whether you believe j the old days before the Red Cross
yourself able or not. If you are a came, GOO soldiers died out of every
real American it is not a question of 1000 wounded. Today under proper
giving from your surplus you must conditions the percentage is not over
give no more, and. even after that, 6 per cent.
you must keep on. If your boy was wounded every dol-
We are at war, but we do not le- lar you have in the world would go
alize what war is, and, ir the Red willingly to put him in Red Cross
Cross is able to do its duty, we will hands.
never know what war can be. j The Red Cross is not a hit or miss
Do you know what the Red Cross ' organization, grabbing a dollar here
does? Some day, "Somewhere inland a dollar there and wasting th
France" when our soldiers are in the money. It is one of the five offensive
trenches, a line of American boys will and defensive arms of every civilized
leap over the top of their trenches, ! government on the. face of the earth,
slip through the barbed wire, and Iti j Every dollar that comes in is spent
face of high explosive shells, gas. li-! by the best business men in America
quid fire, shrapnel, genades, machine for supplies and materials designated
gun and rifle fire, face the barbed! by the medical department of the
wire in front of enemy trenches for1 Lnited States army the department
the bare chance of meeting bayonet j thta has stamped out yellow fever a
with bayonet, other boys on more to! well as other great national scourges,
blame for this war than they are. j Ex-President Taft is the chairman
You know what the loss will be. ! of the Red Cross. A partner in the
You know that after Ypres the Prin-i house of Morgan is its financial chief,
cess Pats had only 127 men alive out! Its accounts are audited by the war
of the 689 that saw the sun come up department. Its existence and opera
that day. ; tions are directed under special acts
What of the fallen? If the Red ; of congress, and President Wilson
Cross is ready, the Ambulance Corps ; himself, by executive order, establish
of the fighting regiments will carry! ed the executive committee under
the wounded back through the com-! which the Red Cross is now being
municating trenches to the "dressing ' managed.
station. Here Tied Cross surgeons,! The Red Cross is therefore a part
under the direct control of the United of the fighting forces of the govern
States medical department will give ment and must be supported as such
first aid. The wounded will be turned ! This support will be easy enough to
over to Red Cross ambulances, and get when that support is too iat.
carried back to the Red Cross field Let the toil of one battle mount as it
hospital the Red Cross field hospital, ! often does to 25,000 men or more!
Red Cross ambulances. Red Cross! With the hospitals overcrowded and
trains and, in France, even Red Cross oor own men dying for want of at
canal boats, will carry the men back
to the Red Cross base hospitals. If
the wound is not fatal a Red Cross
convalescing station will take care of
the soldier till he is ready to go back back until that time, uon t De a
to the front. If the man is diabled slacker. You inevitably will contri
a Red Cross steamer will bring himlbute. Why not now?
Brilliant Colors Vie
For Supremacy In JVeio Garments
Even if you don't love sports, you
nust have a sport dress this season,
It belongs to the rocking chair brigade
is well as the tennis and golf loving.
If you can't wear the severe, cut-in-two
type, you can adapt the suggestion
n a one-piece frock.
There are two p'jpular develop
aients, one with the waist and skirt
sewed tocether in a graceful Moyen
ige effect and the other a voguish
Russian blouse and separate skirt. The
dresses are shown best in sports silks
ind satins, also in other silk and cot-
:on fabircs woven in plain colors with
.he exact shades duplicated in grounds
jf striped, circled and cubed elfects.
Any inexpensive parasol in white or ;
acru may be made really dressy affair
ay decorating it with a hand embroid
ered border in colors to harmonize
ith summer frocks, pale green, pale
rose, and light blue chiffon handker
chiefs with dainty hand-painted bor
ders are also very good.
For garden work, and 'other summer
occaptions, there' is nothing better
than a loose blouse. An oyster white
;olor with smocking in variegated col
jrs makes a charming garment
The Churches
First Christian Church.
Preaching and communion services,
11 a. m. Mrs. Ru lig will sing a solo.
Bible school ,10 o'clock. L. T. Fra
iier, Superintendent.
Un.'on Endeavor services, 6:30 p. m.
Preaching services, 7:45 p. m.
Come and worship with us. W. S.
Deatherage, Minister.
First Baptist Church.
Sunday school, 9:45. J. H. Brana-
man, superintendent.
Preaching. 11 a. m. Subject, "What
Shall End Be?"
Junior and Senior B. Y. P. U.. 6:00.
Children's Day, 6:45. Special pro
gram by children. , '
Wednesday evening prayer meeting.
Thursday evening, choir practice.
Bring a friend. Large crowd and a
fine program is expected. F. M. Pit
man. On Sunday, June 24. Rev. A. J. Irwin
will preach at Don Luis at 3 p. m. At
Warren, 8 p. m.
Presbyterian Church.
Sunday school, 9:45 a. m.
Preaching by the pastor at 11 a. m..
with special music.
Union young people's meeting in the
Christian church, 6:30 p. m.
No evening service in the church as
this church unites in the special serv
ice in the Y. M. C. A. gymnasium.
During the pastor's vacation the
regular morning services will be held
in the church and at night there will
! tention. the response to the Red Cross.
call will roll in fast enough but then,
it will be too late. 1
Don't you be one of those to hold
With Each Other
There is every reason why.a party
frock made of dainty lace and silk
J should go int'j flie vacation wardrobe.
A smart design for this is shown in
an all-lace waist with satin bands to
form the trimmings, the skirt made
with lace yoke and the new puffed hem
and deep band.
When looking for a new sport dress
j don't fail to look at the wool jersey
which makes up beautifully as sport
coats, suits and skirts,
I The local stores, are displaying an
1 exceedingly fine line of kid gloves in
j ivory white, champagne, tans, and
j browns just the thing to match your
summer suit
Verlaine sport voiles for summer
waists and wash dresses in plain
grounds with large figures makes up
beautifully for afternoon wear.
i What can add more to the suit or
dress than hose to match, the shadow
effect is the best.
Sport shantung is very popular this
season and can be secured at the
local stores in any color, in plain or
figured which are both good.
be the union services in the Y. M. C.
A. gymnasium. John E. Fry, Pastor.
St John's Episcopal Church.
- Sunday school, 9:45 a. in.
Morning service, 11 a. m. Special
offering for Red Cross war fund. '
During absence of rect'or, the serv
ices will be conducted by Mr. Thomas
Muat. H. S. Brewster, Rector.
Christian Science Society of Bisbee
holds services in Odd Fellows hail at
11 a. m. The public is welcome and
Invited to attend. Subject for Sunday,
June 24th, "Is the Universe, including
Man, Evolved by Atomic Force?"
Edward R. Stettinius, partner in firm
of J. P. Morgan & Co.. has purchased
upper Park avenue (New York) home
of Amos R. E. Pinchot. assessed for
$210,000.
Vit
olox
"I was. raised in the South, subject
to malarial conditions all my life.
During my sixty odd years I have
probably taken a oarrel of medicine.
Some time ago I got a dollar bottle
of Vltolox, and I must say this remedy
seems to take more poison from the
system than anything I ever took. 1
have gained several pounds and fee)
like a new man."
J. G. CANNON,
McGOFFIN AVE..
EL PASO. TEX.
6 Bottles will cure any case of mus
cular or inflammatory rheumatism.
Sold on a guarantee.
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MIQNG DISTRICT
Miss Isabelle Stevens, chambermaid ber, has just returned from the coast
at the "X" for the past year, has ten-! where he applied for entrance to th
dored her resignation, and reports aviation corps but was refused, beir.s
that she 13 taking a Ions needed rest, j a little over the ag limit. We are
i glad to see Mr. Horaan's bright smile
Xoll Robothan, oocupant of room around the lobby again and hope hj
No. 11, left yesterday for his home in, will remain.
Los Angples. Noll has been a member;
of the -Y- for several yoars and aj Fred Schweizer, a new arrival and
very enthusiastic booster. His many,aI.s0 a DPW niember of the T " from
friends will mis him and the Copper Long Beach. California, is coiivalesc
Queen carpenter department loses ains afounJ the lobhy 8f,er a g.,.
valued employe. fu, operation .tor appendicitis at Uie
C. & A. hospital. Schweizer was re-
Laiesi nuur-nns iroiu i:. i:. .Mncneu.i
chronicle his continued improvement'
at Murietta Hot Springs. A card ad
dressed to mm might cheer him up
Tom Nelson,
from the Douglas
was an appre -
ciated caller on Monday. He reports'
that the Douslas association is practi
cally closed on account of the health
conditions
Candy Kid Wilson of the Buxton i!jy; He is Wing the baths and big
Smith company, has been on the sick1 Iobby dunng the tirue he is off
list for several days, and during his I
illness made the cool lobhy his hea'd-j Claude Smith, a new arrival n the
quarters ' district and an enthusiastic "Y" mem
Scotty Banks, known as the human J
fish, is a daily visitor at the plunge.! Duck Pin Tournament will start
Scotty has taught more hoys to swim: soon; all those wishing to take part
than any other man in the district, j will please leave their names at the
! office. Series of 3 will be played witfi
Invitations are now being mailed ; Douglas for a silver loving cup. a:i J
announcing the monthly membership j this cup must stay In Bisbee. so every
banquet tor next Wednesday night, at tone get busy,
the hour of six. Any fellow who is!
entitled to this get-together, should
notify the office early, as the weather
is hot and the capacity of the ban
quet is limited.
Two deaths anions the secretarial
ranks have jivt been reported to the!
jocai -association, one at New York!
and the other at Chicago. This means
13 deaths this year among the em-
ployed force.
! getting something that will last a lit
Hundreds of secretaries now being cie longer than two months. Charts
enlisted in the Army Y. M. C. A. and is niakinK daily trips to Warren to
many have already gone to the front, inspect his new residence which he
as well as to the American training will soon occupy with his new bride,
camps. Major General Bell, com- .ot only that, bin he coes almost
; mandin
the Estern Department of
the army said he hoped "that every
I divisional training camp to be created
j in the United States, as well as every
nave us lull quoia ul wur&ui& 1. m.
C. A. units."
"I regard the Young Mens Christ -
fan Association." said General Bell,
"to be as neressory to the army as
u,e u .i !,.ru, vvi.u ,
to tne improvement oi me morais
the troops and is or great assistance
in the maintenance of discipline."
Among the first American units to
reach England for duty in connection
with the war work of the Y. M. C. A.
were sixty students from Yale, Har
vard Princeton and Northwestern
University. Tliey were headed by
Sherwood Eddy and were received by
King George, at Buckingham Palace.
The last reports received by the local
association indicated that the three
million dollar Y. M. C. A. Army Work
Fund had been raised and one hun
dred thousand more, and that the
committee was hopeful of the forr
million mark being reached by the
time all reports were in. The appor
tionment to the Warren District was
$1,500, but the amount raised was
over $2,200. .
The Association orchestra, under
the direction of Mr. Hallstrom. is do
ing some vigorous practising one
night each week.
It is rumored that Mr. H. G. Henrie
is reducing the H. C. L along with C. lace. Lee Barks, t alvm I'oIUman
his waist line. IMhe Arizona donkeys ! J- A. Reynolds. Harry Si hall. Leon
do not get there 'first, he ll be able to'S. huhl. Clarence G. Stetson. Tor.y
provide tender home grown lettuce! Band and W. R. Williams.
and green peas for the next director's1
dinner.
George Byron Thomas, who left. here
several months ago to join the mech
anical department of the U. S. navy
is advancing rapidly. He is on a bat
tleship on the ractfic ocean and is in
chargeOf two motor boats. The jack-
ies box evenings while on board ship,
Byron has proven up to his old form
as he holds the record among the men
i the ship
j
nr 11 th a. ri.ients orrurine at th
association, one of the most alarming
transpired Thursday. As the facts go.
John Nelson, one of the patrons of
the easy lobby chairs, concluded hi;
needed a shower bath, and so wended
his way to the locker room where he
disrobed and placed all of his nunie--
ous garments in his locker excepting
his trousers and on his return, he
discovered the loss and very fractical
ly chased up and down the locker room
in search of the missing articles. Fin
ally, after several hours of sleuth
work on the part of the house detec-
tive, the 'britches" were found in the
private locker of Bert Whalen. the,
famous ex-Red Sox catcher, now with'
the Copper Queen team. Up to the(
present, Whalen has not come through '
with satisfactory explanations, and the
prospects for a good live prosecution !
seems to be Inevitable.
'
Frank L I Ionian, a former "Y" mem-!
i
cently emplovrd at t'i
"
Briggs shaft.
Fred Orig. ,of IMpi-r M.i!i. is .
new arrival in the district. A soon
i as Mr. Orwi got a glimpsr of the
swimming pool he had his membership
He is
, ,,, . . . ... .
."
A. Weyeneth. an employe of the
j Gardner S-'iaft. and a champion high
j diver had lii3 left hand injured recert-
ber, decided to join the navy.
Hand ball tournament will start to
morrow at the "Y". sign up with your
partners at the dek.
Found A bunch of keys, inquire at
i the office.
C. E. Randolph has decided not to
i join the Talru Beach squad. Instead.
, he has bought himself a gray suit.
, but then there is a reason. He is
every morning to water the flowers for
his future mother-in-law. Ieave it tj
Charles, he knows what he is doing.
R. E. Bradford, has renewed his
, membership again, aud can be found
fit t!i 'V pverv pvpnfnir writing -
, ,etter t(J hi8 wjfe who hag on
vacation to ,,ie coast Rut ,1? dlH?s
not st that-flve pound boxes of
chocoiates special made, are also
oiigenj
R. W. Wilson is making quite a
"rep" for himself as a Photographer
and when he gets tired of his flivver
he may start iu business for himself.
Following are these who h.ive taken
out or renewed their membership dur
ing the past week:
C. E. Kellogg A. D. Robertson. Frank
Fox. John Schologa. J. W. Moles. Fred
OrwiK. Wm. Ryan, Henry Aiken. R. K.
Bradford. J. F. Bark. Richard And
rews, Chas. F. Brown. A. Bathclier.
Phil Davis. Ed Grinrod. H. S. Crave.
Geo. Huffman. Ueho Hontaki. Hunt
ley Sinclair. Ernest R. Hegi. Abe
Junettoll. C. F. Latham. D. F. IVhmer.
Robt. McCartney. Robert F. MoMey.
Albert R. May. Andrew Moore. John
ODonnell. Carrick Oldham. L R.
Spencer, V. H. Winstead. W. F. B.
Wilson. C. L. Wilson. Elmer E. Boh an.
John T. Radacovich. James MiCul
lock. J. B. Leedy. Eclmana Feta.
Chester Johnson. I. C. E. Adams, Jr .
John Davis. F. L. Doepke. Chas. T.
Flask. A. W. Eddy. Frank Honian. P.
Boys' Department.
The "Patriotic Camp Farm" farmers
are iu town for two weeks, waiting for
the rainy season to start so they can
start in earnest on their bean crop.
Nearly all the boys have manifested
their Intention of going on the next
trip. A good time is assured to all
who will go and help Uncle Sam slip
it over on the Kaiser.
:
Fne new nienitH'rs nave wen se-
cured since last Thursday. They are.
Leslie Carter. Herlert Peary. Robert
Pettijohn. John Sheils,
son. Charles Maddern
Maddern.
George Simn
and Leonard
The bell invention is getting more
popular than ever. There has been a
marked decrease in the unV of the
telephone by Visnlia. and Campbel'.
but that is wiped out by Roescliy s
ever increasing vocabulary.
On the Fourth of July a big pnvh
mobile race will be held. Mr. Martin
has been appointed chairman of tri-'
affair, with several assistants. No
boys over fourteen years of age will
he admitted. The race will be front
Lincoln school to the postoffice.
The Sig event will be a burro race,
All boys who have the pesky beasts
are warned not to feed them sou
drinks, candy and other ron fee ions.
especially Root Beer. FOUR
THE BI5BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 24, 1917.
&OW STOUT WOMAN
1 MAY LOOK St.BNDER
THOSE VIOLENT DOVES
Ellis Parker Butler of the Vigilante.
'If "frf JMHJ5S1
The editor handed me a couple of
pieces of printed matter and said in
his off-hand way, "Something light and
humorous about these folks, please."
and deserted me. I looked through the
material and gave up all hope. The
things were a printed letter and a
printed circular' sent out by the Em
ergency Peace Federation and con'
tained about as much food for humor
as can be found in the Book of
Psalms. Or in a Salvation Army
Christmas donation appeal. The mat-
ter seemed made up of about equal
parts of mighty serious peace talk and
urgent request for one dollar.
There were some things in the Jet
ter that made me feel warm and scrap
py "Wire the president at once and
ask him to state his terms! Tell him
also that you are opposed to sacrific
ing American men in the trenches of
Europe." And this P,erhaps you
will soon be called upon to defend
the liberties of yourself and others,
Do so at any cost." This did not mean
defend the liberty of America against
Germany tyranny. It meant, as the
letter said "The . Emergency Peace
Federation 'has organized a legal de
fense bureau to take care of persons
who are not given fair play." I took
K to mean something a patriot citizen
might think unpatriotic. But you
never can know what a Peace Pro
pagandist means until afterward.
"Our organization has about ten
thousand members, said the letter.
A giant organization. Well, then there
did come a smile, after all. "This
great membership has been built up
in mushroom fashion, and there are
doubtless people among the number
who do not hold our views." I may
be wrong, but to my mind an emer
gency peace federation, built like a
mushroom and composed of people op
posed to its views, might be worth a
laugh, even if it did have a somwbat
law opposing tone. I went to the
offices of the organization at 70 Fifth
Avenue, New York, to learn all about
it and discover where the laugh was.
I found that the Secretary was at a 'ton, D. C.
opening envelopes and taking out dol
lars. It reminded me of a patent med
icine concern that sold pills in the
loft over a printer's place when I was
a publisher, but I have a notion the
man who sent a dollar for twelve box
es of pills got more for his money.
Up to this time I had thought of the
Emergency Peace Federation as being
a tigar-clawed menace to America.
imagined its trade mark to be a wolf
cast in iron, showing its teeth. If so,
never were skids so suddenly put un
der an iron wolf and a cotton dove
shoved into its place. In the new cir
cular asking for a dollar the second
clause of the Federation's "Immediate
Program" was dropped entirely. It no
longer desired "To oppose the enact
ment of measures for compulsory mili
tary service."
A little later I learned why. The
Emergency Peace Federation did not
mean to actively oppose registration
for the draft There was a reason. The
chances were that those who actively
opposed registration would be, a few
minutes later, snugly and safely in jail
to stay there for ain indefinite period.
It was suggested to me that it would
be bad to ball all the "peace prop
gandists in jail at one time and for a
long time. The Emergency Peace
Federation, I was told, had decided not
to go to jail so it could be on hand
when a crisis arose calling for its ac
tivities. If registration was to be op
posed it could be opposed by the
American Union Against Militarism.
It looked to me as If the Emergency
Peace Federation had met the emer
gency and had side-stepped it. It
seemed to be saying "Let George do
it." Only two of those on the Execu
tive Committee, of the Emergency
Peace Federation are also on the Ex
ecutive Committees of the American
Union Against Militarism. This, I am
sure, does not constitute an interlock
ing directorate. Neither is there any
significance in the fact that both have
offices at 70 Fifth avenue. New York,
and in the Munsey Building, Washing-
cure, getting well, after her trying
duties (trying to get more dollar mem
bers, possibly) and the nice young
lady in charge sent me to their press
agent. It reminded me of the old
jingle:
"The Eel and the Owl and the Fry
ing pan
Went to call on the Soap Fat Man;
The Soap Fat Man was not within
He had gone to call on the Rolling
Pin."
The press agent was not within; he
had gone to press-agent and First
American Conference for Peace and
Democracy at Madison Square Garden
Theatre. I found him there, genial
and frank, as a press agent should be.
but up to his collar in work and he
made an appointment with me for an
other day and introduced me to two
of the Democracy and Terms of Peace
ladies. One was an efficient perosn
with good manners, who only scolded
me for wearing a Liberty Bond but-
. If the Emergency Peace Federation
ever meant to be a sharp toothed wolf
it is not one at the moment. It is a
dove. Its only object, so it states, is
"To defend American ideals of liberty
and democracy in war time and to
work for an early and lasting peace."
Of course we all want to defend Amer
ican ideals of liberty and democracy,
and we all want to work for an early
and lasting peace. Only the Emer
gency Peace Federation doesn't mean
what I mean. It is not for me to say
what the Emergency Peace Federation
wants, but in my hazy way I should
guess that it would say, right now,
"Hands up!" ony it would say it to
America and not to Germany. And I
can imagine what Germany would do
when we put our bands up!
The danger of all these peace organ
izations is not in their desire to pre
serve democracy and to long for
peace; it is in their ability to shout
for peace when such shouting will en-
ton; tne ouer-i toia ner i iiKea ner courage our enemies to strike. It is
style, she talked as if she meant whatj m their abUity to shout anything that
she said told me a large part of her ; gaTor8 protecting our national
A
m-.
3
if
r tun far y T
-..?, r i- r .- " - --'-.
"i;-. J Of Wvl .- 3
sv v ? 4- s v , 5
TheS
x !
The woman of large figure who
sighs to be slim need sigh no more.
The new sveltiine method of scien
tific designing pive3 her the appear-:
ance of slenderness and fashion so:
long associated with smaller women.-.
This tailored suit is one of the neat-,
est to make its appearance for early,
fa" styles. The r- eirkable method
oiiiminishing the size of the large,
woman is not freakish, but the re--suit
is marvelous.
'tudebaker Car .
A Real Economy
DENVER CITY OFFICIAL I
HELD FOR EMBEZ LEMENTl
A MOTOR car is a time saver, a health tfivcr,
a business builder.
IJy saving time, by adding health, a motor ear
will increase your vigor, your energy, your busi
ness efficiency.
A motor car is an economy anything that
makes better health, greater happiness, bigger
achievements is a real economy.
But 3Tou must choose the right car for your own
particular needs.
Studebaker cars are "Owner's" cars.
They are very accessible, every part is easy to
get at whether it be valves, gears, clutch, differ
ential or electric system. The complete instruc
tion books that go with Studebaker Cars make
them easy to understand and take care of.
Studebaker Cars are dependable their splendid"
quality insures continuous service.
In ratio to weight and carrying capacity, Stude
baker Cars are probably the moit powerful c:iis
on the market.
In ratio to power Studebaker Cars are very eco
nomical in their consumption ot gasolinp, and
their light weight and perfect balance makes
them unusually economical on tires Studebaker
owners frequently get from 3,000 to 10,000 miles
on a single set ot tires.
Mechanical perfection and studied accessibility
reduce adjustment and repair costs to a minimum.
Studebaker Cars arc very easy riding and com
fortable. The front seats are form fitting and adjustable
forward and back to all leg lengths.
The cushion work is ot the best long curled
hair mounted on resilient, spiral springs.
Studebaker Cars embody thusr? essentials of
quality that goto make motoring satisfaction.
Studebaker Cars offer 'his r;ua!?ty r.t prices. from
$200 to $100 lev than the price ol cars in
li;t same class. ;
Tl:::t is why you owe ii to yo;eif to lnesti-:U-
Studebaker Lcfoie you hiy a ca.
life in a few minutes and in a most
energetic manner, using the word
"hell" now and then, probably to show
she was a peace advocate I will say
frankly that I came, away feeling that
on Draft Registration day there would
be murder and riot. I admit that on
the morning after the draft registra
tion I looked through the papers and
was greatly disappointed to see that
the young lady had not even bitten a
policeman. She had not promised me
in words that she would bite a police
man but she had promised me in man
ner, and I came away from my' placa
in the lobby of the theatre to the noise
of cheers and hand-clapping inside the
auditorium, and feared that patriotism, I
as you and I know it, was about toi
have its throat cut to the tune of riot
and insurrection. I was wrong in I
thinking the printed matter of the
Emergency Peace Federation suggest
ed anything of the sort.
On the day of my appointment with
the press agent I went to 70 Fifth ave
nue (which houses any number of
rights is undemocratic. When a man
is fighting for his life the wife who
clings to his knees and cries "Don't
fight! Don't fight!" handicaps him and
may be his murderer. When a nation
is fighting for its rights, and for its
life, the dove that flies in its face and
beats its wings into the eyes of the
fighter is a menace and may bring de
feat and slavery even while it coos for
democracy and liberty.
These dollar-begging peace organi
zations would be a danger and a threat
if they could be taken seriously. But
who can take them seriously They
can hardly take themselves seriously;
they admit they are mushrooms, "built
up in mushroom fashion." But one
thing they will take seriously; they
will take a dollar anybody's dollar
even if it is gotten by slyly worded ap
peals to "defend American ideals of
liberty and democracy" when those!
ideals are not in the least ideals of
the great majority of Americans. i
Better, a hundred times over, keep
your dollar in your pocket; better, a!
(By Review Leased Wirai. j
DENVER. June 23. John F. Murray,
chief cashier in the office of the city j
treasurer, was arrested today by the I
local police, charged with embezzle
ment Chief of Police Armstrong said
Murray had admitted he was $1,100
short in his accounts. An audit of
his books will be commenced Mon-;
day. the chief said. ,
Four-Cylinder ilodcht
FOUR Roadster . . $ 985
FOUR Touring Giu . . 985
TOUR Landau Roadster . 1150
FOUR F.vcry-Weather Car 1185
Alt print f. ol i. Detroit
B1SBEE AUTO COMPANY
(The Pioneer Garage)
PHONE 5.
VX iMi?.ttr . . .
S-t li.u.i.-.( Car . . 1 2 SO
LM'.'Cmj ft.vi.r . l3."iCi
7n,:iui';t Jua . 1 7 CO
On-ol . . . .iV
MC I i.o .jxlne . . .'vOO
km . e 1 mi
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING QUICK RESULTS
Review Want Ads Bring Results
r
peace orRanizauons-anyooay wno can thousand times over, give it to the Red
pay a printer can set up in the busi-1 cro8S
ness and ask for a dollar a head) and . .
found a great many pretty girls fold-J
ing and addressing appeals and one
CUP THIS OUT
MAY GOME HANDY
Tells how to take soreness'
from a corn and lift it !
right out.
Hospital records show that every
time you cut a corn you invite lock
jaw or blood poison, which is needless,
says a Cincinnati authority, who tells
you that a quarter ounce of a drug
called freexone can be obtained at lit
tle ctost from the drug store but is
sufficient to rid one's feet of every
hard or soft corn or callus.
You simply apply a few drops of
this on a tender, a hing corn and the
soreness is instantly relieved. Short
ly the entire corn can be lifted out,
root and all, without pain.
This drug is sticky but dries at "ance
and is claimed to just shrivel up any
corn without inflaming or even irri
tating the surrounding tissue or skin.
If your wife wears high heels she
will be glad to know of this.
(Advertisement )
1 -x
MISS BJURSTEDT IS AGAIN
WINNER OF CHAMPIONSHIP
PHILADELPHIA. June 23. Miss
Molla Bjurstedt of New York, national
women's tennis champion, figured iu
j two additional' victories today in the
'concluding matches of the women's j
i national tennis tournament at the
! Philadelphia Cricket Club. Miss Bjur-I
I stedt, who with Miss Elcanora Sears I
! of Boston yesterday won the doubles!
match by defeating Miss Phyllis'
! Walsh of Philadelphia, 'and Mrs.
i Robert Lee Roy of New York, took
! her third straight nationla tourna-
ment singles victory by defeating Mis'
'Marion Vanderlioef of New York. 4S.'
6-0. 6 2.
I Miss Bjurstedt and Irviug Wright of.
; BoHton won the mixed doubles by de
feating Miss Florence Ballin of Newi
York and W. T. Tilden II, of Phlla
(IfclyUia. 10-12. 6-1. C-3. I
MW !l CL PASO, -r&v . -$
feS-;' VTJ - i i v -. .3i7 v-i. i.-if'"-i H ,i?.ri-i'i-t-f-;' .!vt; ,'''vJV;:: :s- - .V'i-'"-- -' I
At Soda Fountains and By the Dozen From Your Grocer
DISTRIBUTED BY
, DARLING & HINT0N CO.
MYERS
THONE 110
I
J THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 24, 1917.
FIVE
Munition Plants All Busy;
Wages Now at Highest Mark;
Production Shows Big Gain
WASHINGTON', June 23. Reports
coming in from munitions factories
in all sections of the United States in
dicate that tbis country is soon to be
come, if it not already is, tiie muni
tions center of the world. Every plant
is working to capacity and the produc
tion has increased enormously over
that of last year.
At the Bethlehem Steel works, un
der the direction of Charles Schwab,
the Krupps themselves are being out
done. Here armor plate for Uncle
Sam's dreadnaughts, shrapnel shell
and other munitions for the fighting
forces on land and sea are being turn
ed out in almost incredible quantities.
The Remington. Arms & Ammuni
tion company at Bridgeport, Conn.,
has practically doubled its capacity
during the last year. Between
elevent and twelve thousand are em
ployed now as compared with half
that number a year ago. There has
been an increase in wages of from 20
to 30 per cent during the last year.
The Bridgeport Projectile com
pany works three eight-hour shifts
and is turning out 50 per cent more
munitions than was the case a year
ago. Wages have Increased here 25
per cent.
The three munitions plans oX the
Westinghouse company at Springfield, I
Mass., and the nearby town of Chico
pee employ 10,000 men and work day
and night.
The Springfield armory, which until
recently had been operated on a peace
basis, will soon have more than 3,000
workmen. Only skilled operatives are
accepted and, while the government
wage scale is somewhat less than the
private munitions concerns are paying,
there are offsetting considerations,
among which may be mentioned an an
nual vacation of nearly a month with
full pay and the probability of steady
employment for years.
One hundred million dollars' worth
of rails, plates, structural steel and
iron products of all kinds, glass and
numerous other manufactured prod
ucts are being turned out monthly in
Pittsburgh. Experts estimate that 35
per cent of this production Is for for
eign consumption and the remainder
- is equally partitioned between raw ma
terial and finished products for ship
ment abroad and home consumption.
Although no detailed figures are at
hand, it is stated that the monthly
pay roll of the Pittsburgh district
amounts to approximately $100,000,000
and that more than 1,000,000 persons
are employed. The United States
Steel Corporation employs the greater
majority of these in its immense
plants tit Braddock, Homestead, Mc
Keesport and the city proper. Many
thousands are also employed by the
Jones and Laugblin company, the Phil
lips Sheet & Tinplate company, the
Cruicble Steel company, the Pitts
burgh Steel company and various
glass plants and other industrial con
cerns. 20,000 Busy At New Haven.
The munitions factories of New Ha
ven, Conn., have a working strength
of more than 20,000. The largest fac
ry the Winchester Repeating Arms
company, employs 17,000 now, after
the slight reduction made in the forces
by the elimination of Germans. Rough
estimates place the output of Winches
ter at 1,500 rifles a day. The Marling
Anns company has a working capacity
of 2,500 and the Avis company of
about 500.
Within six months the output of mu
nitions plants in the big munitions
How a Conscientious Objector
Was Converted By the Germans
The two stretcher-bearers placed
their burden on the ground 'outside the
dressing station. The leading bearer,
a red-haired and hsuvily-wrinkied man,
straightened his shoulders and wiped
the sweat from his forehead.
'Well, thank the Lord tuat we're
here, anyway," ne muttered in a weary
voice, "it's hard work luggln' them
down from the tiring line on a day as
hot as tliis'n."
He looked at the limp figure which
lay on the stretchei. The lace of the
wounded man was white and drawn,
the eyes were closed, tne Hands lay
slack and lueless across the DAxju
stained tunic.
The M. O. came to the door of the
dressing station, a cigarette in his
mouth, a white apron around his waist.
Up ull now the hour was noon tne
day had been a quiet one and cases
had been few.
"Bring him in, my men,'' said the
M. O. to the stretcher bearers.
They brought the wounded soldier
in and placed him on the tlo'jr. - Tne
doctor bent down and with his scissors
ready been applied to' the chest.
was there that the man was wounded.
center of Hartford, Conn will be ! tuk " lu"
flhont dnnhi that nf a vMr neo. Wae-i tunlc- A tlr3- ilel& dressing had
es have increased ten per cent.
As an exaniDle of the conditions in
and around Hartford, data from one Ue groaned slightly as the doctor
of the largest munitions establish- touched him.
ments in the world may be cited,1 "The first sound he's made since he
similar statistics applying to most of copped it," said the red-haired man.
the other factories in Connecticut. "Tue P00' devil got his packet in the
"the arsenal of the nation." In this trench and he flopped without a w'ord.
factory, 4,450 men are employed now,. He's a good man, one of the best"
as compared with 3,000 a year ago, "A mate of yours?" asked toe doc-
and by fall this number will be about
fllngin' over us. I wa3 keepin' well
under cover at the same time. If a
man is to be Judged by bis behavior,
there was notuing wrong with that fel
low as he 8iXod there as cool as a cu
cumber and the bullets whizzing round
1 his head.
" 'Keep down,' I says to him, 'or
you'll get your napper knocked off.'
I " Do you think that it's because I'm
I afraid of death that I object to war?'
' he says, leaning bis elbow on the par
apet and luOkin' at me.
"Well, I couldn't find, an answer to
1 make to him at that moment, and aft
erward I was certain that, though be
objected to war, he was not afraid of
death.
"But he was a bit tryln', all the
1 same, for the time. He never took
much Interest in the work of a bayonet
; or the action of a rifle. I tried to
help him as much as I Could, but It
wasn't much use.
" 'I'm not made for this kind of
work,' he often said to me. 'I'll never
be a soldier.'
" 'And I came to believe him after a
the while, for he had nothin' that a soldier
al-! should have except courage.
It i made a mistake.
But I
5,500. Other factories here have
shown in increase almost as great.
Reports from Wilmington, Del., in
dicate that activities in that great
munitions section will this summer be
greatly increased. Dne year ago, the
plants of the Du Pouts at Wilmington
were turning out 30,000,000 pounds of
smokeless powder a month. This was
increased to 33,000,000 pounds a
month, and beginning with May the
capacity was extended to provide for
an additional 93,000 pounds daily.
With its unlimited facilities the com
pany on very short notice could make
further increases in its output with
no great effort.
tor.
"Yes," said the stretcher-bearer.
"I've been friendly with him for some
time. He's a C. O., sir."
"What?"
Didn't Believe in War.
"A Conscientious Objector, sir.
Doesn't believe in war; at least he
didn't believe in it when he came out
His Conversion.
" 'Twas when we were chasin' the
Huns, and ' them retreatin' across
France and destityin' churches and
villages and cuttin' down orchards,
that I noticed a change corain' over
the C. O. 'Twas one night and we
of old men, old women and young
children were left behind by the Huns.
; And these poor people had more than
enough to tell us about what the JVoche
had done tlure. Twas ft to drive us
half mad with anger. This C. O., know
j in' a lot of French, got their story
' from the "people, and one evening he
comes up to me and, in a shame-faced
way, he says: 'Could you show me a
few of your tips with the ba'onet?'
The consciousness of havimf the hair"
and scaJp sweet and sanitary.
brings a feeling of comforting . '
self fcr..-urance ,
fHERPICIDE
ApolicatioM at the better barber abopa
Guaranteed by The Herpiada Om.
Sold Erarrwfean
here first. I was not a stretcher-bear- j ""What's come over you?" I asked
er then; I've just taken on this job Tor him.
a spell because 1 know a lot about "'Nothin',' he says; 'only these peo
first aid. But when thjs man came pie have been telliu' me what they've
out I was doin' my bit with the rifle J suffered and I've been Iookin' at their
ana oayonei. w en, wnen ne came to uumes ana meir orciiaras, an inai is
France three months ago he told me
that he was a C. O. 'Reduced V I
asked him. 'No, no; I'm a Conscien
tious Objector," he says. 'I don't be
lieve in war.'
" 'Neither do I,' I says. 'That's why
I'm out here tryln' to put an end to it.
" 'That's what ye've read in the pa
pers, says he. 'It's not your own
thoughts. You never think.'
"He was standing on the firestep
when he was speaking', with his head
well up and payin' no heed whatsoever
to the dirt that the Germans were
ffiMlMriy Prices WjP6
fair Treatrngsit Sg
j
If -Ml Is 3 . -)llfe?2r 'Vienx
SrfvV .-VM" ii--ji r iteCVv V-v:?-- -tvVWs'SOvA 11 IK
g ZZJ K.J KTJ f:ZZ&. H & B U I .
left of them.'
' 'So you've come round to my way
of tninkin,?" I says, and he answers:
'I have, matey.'
"So I set I'o teach him as much as I
knew, and it wasn't long till he was as
good as myself with every trick o' cold i
steel. And from then' on he was one
of the best. Bombin' or bayonet work,
and he hadn't an equal. See him
clearin' a dugout ' of Germans and
you'd go far enough and not see a
finer sight.
"S'o you'll patch him up as well as
you can, sir, won't you?" said the red
haired man, fixing his eyes on the doc
tor. "An army of C. O.'s like him
would do a lot to finish the war and
the Boche Army forever."
DISCUSSION OF PUBLISHERS'
TAX TO BE POSTPONED
WASHINGTON. June 22. Intrica-
I cies of the excess profits tax occupied
iiih seuuie nuance cuuiumiee ait vi to
day in its revisions of the war revenue
bill and further discussion 'of publish
ers' tax probably will be postponed un
til next week.
i
I
I
I
i
I
BLACK SAFETY TEEM TIRES
HE strength and durability of Goodrich Elack Safety
Tread Tires are ground into the reads of cur nation
from Mains to California. .
Six Fleets of Goodrich TcstCars, heavy cars and light
cars, daily write the truth about Goodrich Tires on the worst
roads in six widely different regions of our country.
Sand, rock an3 gravel, and every
freak of climate are testing out
Goodrich Tires through millions of
miles of roughinj it.
t2i
i --res
P
I
II OLD, UZTDROirEN CUEE,
Goodrich chaxnpioned alone
cmon-ct tire .aicrc.
The answer of. this nation-wide
test of the Test Car Fleets an
answer told ia 300,000 tire mils3
weekly is:
The ONE foundation of lasting
resilient fabric tires is the UNIT
ThU iz t!- TZ3T2D TRUTH
cf Gor::'! riaci Safety Treads,
the TZ3TZD 11112
of Acicric?.. BUY
THEIJ. They nu:t
give you lsitins fUl
value service.
PHONE 5-
TIIE B. F. GOODRICH CO., Akron, Ohio
Unker of the fuimxis Silvertown Cord Tirrt
vhiiit won the 1916 llacing Cbaniiiunaiup
WE SELL GOODRICH TIRES
BISBEE AUTO CO.
(Thet Pioneer Garage)
Wjcm Xm Sea TM Z
CauCrkfaTifrj re Stocked j
Cholera Morbus.
This is a very painful and dangerous
disease. Ia almost every neighbor-!
hood someone has died from it before
medicine could be obtained or a physi
cian summoned. The right way is to
have a bottle of Chamberlain's Colic
and Diarrhoea Remedy In the house
s'o as to be prepared for it Mrs.
Charles Enyeart, Huntington, Ind.,
writes: "During the summer of 1911
two of my children were taken sick
with cholera morbus. I used. Chamber
lain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy and
it gave them immediate relief." Adv.
Registrations in 31 states and Dis
trict or Columbia totaled 6,465.605, or
87.5 per cent of census estimates. j
MAIN STREEr
GIL MAN
We have just received a
rare I in: of '
Perfect
Wesselton
DIAMONDS
in all sizes, which will make
beautiful engagement rings.
Remember these stones are
absolutely perfect and the
prices right. I Come in and
talk it over with us.
L L G mail
HARMON MOTOR CQ J
v plMMd ta (drlM Wat
urlt tfc put and lulf w
fcm km astc iwr bnlM la
brlotlLog Oil loluslnlj lM
ka4 u tNt t rMtUU.
hmr Iu4 UnlM tnouat
mt trtubl trom eu-bonlutloa. tat
V Ma btartlly raeoawand tb
C lanlan oil for 9w4oktr Ml),
6
19&
- - -
Endorsed by leaiMiig w Distributors
because the records of their service departments show that Zero
lene, correctly refined from asphalt-base crude, gives perfect lubri
cation with least carbon deposit
Less wear and mora power because Zerolcn keeps its lubricating body al
cylinder heat. Less carbon because, being made from aspbah-baae crude, it
bums clean and goes out on exhaust
Zntoo fci th oil lor ymi car whatavat th inaka tha oil for all rjpaa of taaaaiooila trinaa
Fot corract graoa.gat oof tobneaoon charvcovannc yomr car
f daaAara mhmn aaa StatWara' Sarriaa Stattaaa
LIEll
J&e Spatulas J Oil aSrlfofar Cars
EE
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
(CALIFORNIA)
WHY S A I
Are you a tightwad? A tightwad is all to
the good. Let them laugh at you and call
you a nickel squeezer. You have the money
when the big demand comes. "And it's here
now. Shake loose, man, for your country's
sake, for humanity, for your own soul's sake
and give a little for the American Red Cross.
Give one dollar, two, five, ten, one hundred
any amount you can, but give NOW!
RED CROSS
is raising $100,000,000 this week
The Bisbee Daily Review
Poih Gorman and Austrian news
papers are predicting Russian offensive
is imminent. Vienna Rek-hpost,
Prague Tageblatt and Cologne Ga
rotte all print considorable news of
Russian activity behind linos and
prophesy advance by Brusiloff's armies
in near future.
Representatives of organized labor
headed by I'res. Gonipers of American
Federation of Labor, told President
Wilson Monday there was dangor 'of
sorious unrest among workingmen un
less Congress without further delay
adopted food administration legislation.
Prohibition of rum imports by Ent
irh government has caused British
Guiana sugar factories to us their by
products In making industrial alcohol.
Annual production of the colony ia
estimated at 4.000.000 to $o.OOO.OOO gal
lons and the government will tak the
entire output. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 24, 1917.
SIX
HEAD OF U. S. COMMISSION FOR, RELIEF OF RECONQUERED
vif.i.AGES EXCHANGES SALUTES WITH A TINY FRENCHMAN
v
" ft.
RED CROSS WAR FUND CAMPAIGN
WILL fflfl) UP TOMORROW WHO
WHIRLWIND FINISH IN BISBEE
At local Red Cross headquarters in John Gregovirh .
the Y. M. C. A. last night It wai an- j0hn Vukovich .
nounced that subscriptions up to yea- Wm Doyie .
terday noo ntotaled $17,920.50. Al- j De Ree ..'.
thouah the district's allotment was
only $15,000, the local chapter
continue its work in an effort to raise
$25,000 before Monday night Mem
bers of the various campaign teams
will make their final reports on sub
scriptions at 6:30 o'clock Monday ev
ening at a banquet given at the Y. M.
C. A.
Red Cross Campaign Week will end
tomorrow with a whirlwind campaign
in the Warren District to bring the to
tal subscriptions to the national war
fund from this part of the country
close to the $20,000 mark. The $15,000
mark was passed yesterday and It is
hoped that several thousand dollars
m'ore, at least, will be subscribed to
morrow. The fund was swelled yes
terday by the receipt of subscriptions
amounting to $686 50 from the Tomb
stone auxiliary of the local Red Cross
chapter. Naco also did its share, too,
sending in $158.50.
Following are the names of
scribers and amounts subscribed
terday:
Denn Employes.
Joe Serapin .' '
Mike Coughlin
O. E. Anderson
Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Heisler.
usb-yes-
N. M. O'Neil
J. B. O'Neil .
Dan Garrity .
A. F. Sutton . . .
Richard Gustafson ...... .
Sam Benson
Sidney Harris
A. J. Burkhardt
Otto Johnt'on
W. J. Sasper
Hugh McCleod
Wm. Officer
B. Martin
George Forrester
T. Murphy
John F. Pound
H. W. Messeneau
F. J. Rogh
Joe McKenna . . .'.
Ernest Lattey
W. Wilson .
J. G. Brown
J. H. Brew . . .
Roy E. Willitts
R. A. Nicholson ;
E. Morris t
Fred Lagoa
Dan Gains
Harry Farragh
Ed Chicion
Iva Hollis '..
D. O. Cobbe
Wm. Whitehead
J. T. Bunch
G. W. Anderson . . . .
Erick StrDm
Chris Peterson
E. W. Lewis
Frank Zimsteg
R. C. Champion
A. G. Eichrem
L. J. Hamilton
W. B. Alien
C. A. Wilson
Jno. Minkln
H. II. Vanhorn
Joe Spear
Andrew Strom
Jack Armstrong
R. L. Parker
Max Burnheim
P. H. Lang .
E. E. Slack .
A. Woheatz
C. E. White
G. C. Garrick
Chas. F. Ungernach
Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Sole
A. J. Fairclough ,
Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Clark
A. C. Tuttle
Warren Company Empoles.
J. Royal
P. A. Sissey r.
Wm.-Jones .
Eddy Hauff ..
L. F. Webb
John Hampston . . ,
W. R. Johnson
A. Batcher
C. J. MeGraw
H. F. Beach
D. E. Bushnell
J. Lawrence Hogan
Deldrio La Cruse :..
Fellciano Lopez
Fred Oateg
A. P. Carter
C. K. Skilllneton .
f. W. Anderson
E. A. Wiln
O. M. Carlisle
P. D. McDonald
C. A. Gilbert
R. E. Salholm .
R. C. Helms
Wm. Jatroe
J. M. Patrick
E. W. Pierce
Modesto Bustamente
J. C. Kirk
Robert Bromberg
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Paul
Glare Mr. Ja. R. Wester
Fdith C. Byrns
Cash '
L. H. Rsrh
Mr. and Mrs. Jno. Beven
Mr. nd Mrs. P. Wilson
Jan. Rvrns
Eva Wallace
John McMenamin
'Chas. Bishop
J. D. Blair
C. L. Jaco
E. T. Baldwin
C. C. Odora
S. Friedlund
F. W. Jones
Wm. Harris .
Fred Attaway . ...
E. H. Murray . ...
Geo. Wilkinson . ..
Ernest Smith . (. . . .
Lyle Herrick . ....
O. P. Lane
Glenn McGlaughlin ,
Stanley Wohler . . .
John E. Nelson . ..
Ernest Wetenkamp
Carl Brown . ......
Post Hawkins . ...
A. D. Fair . .
G. H. McConnel . . .
H. D. Casey
W. E. Gilmer
Dan Allen :
Henry Jones
Wm. Rhodes
G. K. Veazey
S. L. Fay
Sam Gurosovich . .
Tony Stukel
Ed Kimner
Chas. Daume
John Breslin
Chas. Allen
Mrs. Henry Waters .
W. J. White
M. E. Stolt
Tom Peters
John Anderson . . . .
George Scolfield . .
Al Riddle
James Costellb . ..
John Bolin
Ray Dalgleish
Carl Nelson . ......
Jacob Jackson . ...
G. W. MeGraw
Will Lewis . ......
Pat Dalton
James Gore .
Chris Luvicn
M. E. Beymark . . .
S. J. Olson
A. D. Firestone . . . .
Julian Moreno
John Blair
J. W. Phillips , ...
100, a. E.N Hirst
100 j Vernon Ward
100 Dan Grady
1.00 J Burrows
I-00 ' H. L. Bigelow
1.00 I Abe Junttilla
Murphy
Graham . ....
1.00 vm. Murray
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
2.00
2.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
5.00
2.00
2.00
2.00
2.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
.50
1.00
2.00
.50
1.60
1.00
1.00
.50
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
2.00
100 ,c p.
1.00 p e
Theo. Dalgleish . . . .
L. Johnson .
F. Erocklebank . ...
Jbe Mitchell :
J M Hicks
J. E. Davenport . . v
F. L- Michaels
W. R. Slaughter . ..
E. J. Shelp . '.
Robt Moore
LeRoy Davis
Jas. Trulove
Robert Worthington
Co.
o.uo I Louis Wilson . . .
200 j Frank Anderson .
2 50 I J. S. Bishop .'
2 00 j E. v. Shelp
20.00 j Eron English . . .
4 00 R. B. Slaughter .
10.00 e. D. Scott
25.00 Bat Leary
5 00 Harry Walters . .
5 00 J. W. Earhart . .
5 0 A. W. Larson . . .
W. H. Russell . .
5.00 F. F. Underwood
2.00 Lee Provisa
2.00 Henry Mente
1.00 Srttt Cartwell . .
1.00 Chas. E. Coles . .
2.00 Wm. Roberts . ..
1.00 Jno. Conerty . . . .
1.00 Wm. Lernin, Sr. .
1.00 Wm. Dean
5.00 Moses Wren . . . .
1.00' Joe Schwartz . ..
1.00 Glbson-Hines Lbr.
1.00 Katbervn Guthrie
1.00 T. B. Read ,
1.00 J. W. Van Horn '
1.00 M. E. Morgan
2.00 Cora B. Johnson
l.OO F. M. Enoch
1.00 Mrs. Flbridada Hallstrom . . .
1.00 C. A. Novls
1.00 Mrs. T. E. Williams
2.00 Miss Maud Perry
1.00 Fred Madden ,
1.00 W. Harrington
1.00 Eastern Star entertainment..
1.00 Ethel N. Boner
1.00 Leon II. Rice
1.00 J. W. F. Smith
1.00 R. E. Rbatwrlght
1.00 H. L. Chandler
W. J. Black
5.00 I. M. Talt
5.00 Robert Sasse
1.00 Cash
10.00 Mrs. A. C. Richards
2 00 Frank Arana
25.00 Fred Mackin
10.00 Jas. Barretto
5.00 M. Lillian McSorley
5.00 Mrs. E. Wellman
5.00 Mrs. J. S. Williams
1.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
6.00
1.00
5.00
5.00
1.50
1.00
2.50
5.00
1.00
1.00
2.50
5.00
2.00
1.00
2.50
5.00
5.00
3.00
2.50
2.00
5.00
5.00
5.00
2.00
5.00
5.00
5.00
5.00
3.00
1.00
1.00
1.00
5.00
3.00
5.00
1.00
5.00
5.00
2.50
2,50
1.00
2.00
5.00
5.00 I
1.00 j
2.00
1.00
1.00 I
5.00
3.00
5.00
5.00
2.50
5.00
3.00
5.00
1.00
5.00
10.00
. 5.00
5.00
5.00
1.00
5.00
5.00
2.00
5.00
5.00
2.00
5.00
2.00
500
2.00
5.00
10.00
3.00
5.00
5.00
3.00
2.00
2.50
5.00
5.00
5.00
2.50
3.00
3.00
5.00
5.00
. 5.00
1.00
2.00
5.00
2.50
5.00
5.00
5.00
4.00
5.00
5.00
' 5.00
5.00
5.00
2.50
15.00
5.00
5.00
5.00
3.00
1.00
2.00
1.00
20.00
5.00
4.00
1.00
1.00
100.00
5.00
5.00
5.00
5.00
2.50
2.10
1.00
5 00
5.00
5.00
3.00
1.00
1.00
5 00
1.00
.50
s Yt -v 'Mkc 35 -vkV I
tA-i r4 rMi tlkc y y s. U
Mr. Oscar Ceatty exchanging miiKary saiiitc itii I rcncii in reconquered village.
Osctr ueatty, president of the American cc.mmiis.,.n -'ar l! e ie!ief of re: onquered villages, is now on a toui
of the reclaimed towns in northern France. Thi. i,c.v ;.-oto fh-j.vs a tiny F:sch lad rrecting him on his arnva.
in a ruined town. Everybody present, including Fren'i..ro'u:.rj a.iii the rcjv.ilace, appears to be happy.
M. A. Bohman 1.00
T. F. Metz 20.00
Lydia M. Sloan 5.00
Mrs. Geo. Eoff 1.00
Robert Bess .50
Mrs. W. W. Ashty 1.00
J. L. Larre'u .' 2.50
J. B. Chatwick 5.00
Geo. Warner 5.00
J. B. Reynolds 5.00
R. L. White 5.00
J. McMillian 5.00
V. K. Wiessner 5.00
C. H. Wiles 2.50
A. C. Cole 50
W. L. Shotwell 1 2.50
T. G. Greeley 2.50
C. C. Klopfenstein . 2.00
Ilya L. Gobovich . 25.00
K. of P. Lodge 25.00
J. W. Berry 2.00
Mildred Greene 5.00
M. L. Misbaugh , 5.00
Emily C. Wilson 1.00
Minnie Duffy 5.00
G. A. Bridge 50.00
R. Kimmer 2.50
W. O. Elliott . 5.00
Frank Brady . ' 10.00
E. P. Brbwn 5.00
S. Ferrell 5.00
E. G. Barnett 2.50
Bisbee Daily Review 25.00
J. M. Connolly 2.00
J. J. Sparks rn.00
E. C. T. Pelham 5.00
Joseph P. Downs . 5.00
James E. McKenna 5.00
John Gerdes 10.00
Tombstone Auxiliary Bisbee Chapter.
Bunker Hill Mining Co 10.00
H. M. Eckerman . 25.00
E. W. Crozier . 10.00
Guy C. Welch 5.00
Rella Grier 2.00
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Macia 5.00
Nellie Dalgleis 10.00
J. T. Kingsbury 10.00
Yee Lee . . .' 2.50
Mrs. A. Adamson 2.00
H. W. Smith 2.50
Maud Davis 10.00
J. N. Gaines 50.00
John H. Davis . ... 10 00
Z. S. Wong 5.00
F. C. McShay . 5.00
Wing Lung 5.00
J. A. Perry 1.00
E. H. Reeves 5.00
Dr. N. S. Hughart 10.00
M. P. Cosby . 5.00
L. T. Coons . 2.00
W. A. Fowler 5.00
Harry J. Evans J . . . . 6.50
Elsie Toles 10.00
Helen S. Benedict 5.00
Ah Sing 1.00
A. T. Yanles 5.00
Lee O. Woolery 5.00
W. A. Sherril 5.00
F. N. WolcTitt . ; 25 00
R. B. Krebbs 20.00
A. C. Karger 20.00
Fred Bennett 10.00
Fttn Sanders 2.50
F. Grebe K on
.Tame Marrs 5.0ft
Jim Wale 2.50
O. Gibson 5.0ft
E. J. Westerfelt 5.00
W. A. McSnarron 10.00
B. V. Saunders 10 Oft
C. D. McOiiav 2 50
M. F. F.uchenbeker A Son 5.00
Oune Yee Kee 2.50
Arthur Henev 25.00
J. P. McDonald 5.00
W. M. Randolf lft.ftft
H. S. Ros 20 00
C. M. Bosh ?.00
H. C. Wheeler . ..." 25 Oft
H. W. Ftz 5.0ft
R. A. Woodruff 2 .ftft
Paul A. Smith 2
Antonio Cristln 3.00
C. L. Allen 5.00
II. P. Johnson 1.00
Fra Vinn Camner .50
Douglas Gray 5.00
II. L. Hutcherson . 2.00
Ivey Brothers . .'. ' 5.00
Olive V. Hammers . 1 1.00
A. H. Gardner 25.00
Ah Luni 5.00
A. C. LockwCjd 10.00
iE. James '.. 25.00
. A. Hughes . 25.00
John W. Walker 10.00
Walter Thomas 10.00
W. J. Stewart . 5.00
E. C. Porter '. 5.00
V. A. Wood . 1 4.00
X. Abell 5.00
J. II. McPherson 5.00
M. D. Whelan 10.00
First National Bank 25.00
May Thlel 5.00
Harry Rafferty .. .. 10.00
Dovie P. Thomas j 10.00
Tessie Poe . 5.00
Mrs. John Rock . 5.00
! Tombstone Auxiliary Total. ..$ 686.50
I W. F. Cowan 5.00
' J. FJ Fitzpatrick 10.00
! Pure Milk Depot . 5.00
jM. J. Cunningham 100.00
Thos. Watkins 50.00
F. L. Dbephe . . . .. 2.00
Ind. Fuel. & Feed Co... 5.00
Margaret Irving 5.00
Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Vail 20.00
Kay Ross N 5.00
Grady Dean . .5 1.00
Mrs: C. H. Knott 50
Miss Georgie Mieyr . ........ 1.00
I Mrs. J. F. Enrlsht. . 1.00
Mr. and Mrs. E.J. Botsford.. 5.00
Miss Dorothy Jackson 1.00
Tom J. Evans . 15.00
Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Mltchelle. . 5.00
Miss Florence Maddock 1.00
D. A. Kehoe : 1.00
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Hartman.. 5.00
B. H. MacClean 2.00
Mrs. Hannah Nelson 1.00
Mrs. Glenn McLaughlin 1.00
Miss Madeline Mievr 1.00
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Kraigbaum. 5 00
Mr. and Mrs. T. A. Hedgecock. 5.00
Tom Butler 5.00
Miss Fthel Rundall 1.00
L. A. Richardson 1.00
C. B. Whitwell " 5.00
Frankenberg Bros. & Newman 200.00
V'siting Traveling Sales : . . . . 24 00
John Loutty' 50.00
M'cbael Keane Airdome 5.00
Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Griffith. . . 15 Oft
R. H. Roeers 5.P0
Burton ft Smith Co lftft.OO
C. W. Whitnev 5.00
F. C. Campbell . 20.00
Sam Kvle 25 Oft
T. IT. Wilosn 10.0ft
O. L. Mnrnbee K.ftft
Wm. Trnar - Son 2ft ftft
Mrs. Jennie Brodey 5 00'
Mrs. TIn 250
A D. Hail 2.50
Mr. nd Mrs. E. B. Wallace... 25.0ft
TT. Mabv 2.5ft
G. nawmnn 2 Oft
T F. Asbbv 1.0ft
FrnV Thaver lft.ftft
,T n. MrRae 5.0ft
H. Wrieht 2 5ft
! T. C Gotf 2.00
)r.. W. Ruttebaugh 1.0ft
: T. Maon K
n. NItch 2.ft0
' J. Jewell 1 00
j A. O. Jones . 5.0ft
' Al RIdieway 3 ft
Fred Rvlanc 5. ftft
C. J. Ranlett 5 0ft
Brewster Watkins lft.ftft
T. J. ITs ins 5 ftft
J. Bork 1.0ft
F. I.tnnnlst 1.00
O. McRae 2.5ft
F. E. Tnvlor 10.0ft
.T. R. Joyce 100
Jas. Bell lft.Oft
' A. W. rhillips 6.00
Paul Lorenzen
Progressive Amusement Co...
A Friend
Mr. and Mrs. M. L. Butler
David Foster . .t
C. W. Ramble .- T...
i
John W'jhlsChegel
Bowen & Hubbard . . . .
Jack Dempsey
B. P. O. E.
P. J. Meenan
Cochise Motor Co
Daniel Garcia
J. A. Kempton
Old Dad Taylor Root Beer
Jas. L. Brooks
F. K. Patterson ,
Said Tabet
Miss Boston
Bessie Lee Holman
J. B. Hodges ,
Emmett Turnan
A. E. Wright
Robert Hamilton .
F. E. Tovrea
E. H. J'Jnes
J. H. King
Jno. Colvasin t
Joseph Baker
Purity Drug Co
J. Hart ,.
W. S. Sorrells
Dr. R. F. Krenk .
A. F. DeBorra
Jas. W. Troxall
Chas. Cole
W. S. Brakefield
B. C. Guff ,
A. V. Lowry
Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Totman.
Steve Picelich
W. H. Bailey
Thos. Fitzsimmons . t
J. B. Henderson
A. M. Survik
(f coor
Jj If WITH, ' I
' pp A TV! I
OIL J
COMTOKT
Cook in a cool, comfortable kitchen this sum
mer. An oil cook stove is comparatively inex
pensive to buy and it will soon pay for itself
in comfort and lower fuel expense. Meals in
jiffy, and a cool kitchen in summer.
Bakes, broils, roasts, toasts. Better cooking be
cause of the steady, evenly-distributed heat.
More convenient than a wood or coal stove for
all the year 'round cooking, and more econom
ical. The long blue chimneys prevent all smoke and
Smell. In 1, 2. 3 md 4 bnrar tizei. with
or without ovens. Also cabinet
model!. Ask your dealer today.
'MEW PERFECTION
OIL CO&MTOVE
FOR SALE BY2
Naco List
Naco Hotel
W. Williams
C. II. Newton
Newton Drivers
Cash
R. M. Consar
J. W. Wlean
Jack Small
II. H. Talieferro
Srttt Wallar..
T. E. Paschall
II. T. Tulley
W. D. Hubbard
C. W. Sanders
B. Becham
F. C. Freeman
R. E. Bel ton
G. McCarthy
Cass & Bororamb
E. Caon
Lee Hall
Sarkis Jose Dominguez.
R. A. Grocey
J. G. Lug
John Newall
Frank HUlman
10.00
15.00
3.00
10.00
1.00
5.00
5.00
100.00
5.00
100.00
10.00
6.00
5.00
5.00
2.50
5.00
2.00
5.00
25.00
1.00
5.10
2.00
2.00
2.00
10.00
2.00
2.00
2.00
2.50
25.00
5.00
2.00
2.50
2.00
2.00
. 2.00
6.00
2.00
1.00
20.00
2.50
2.50
10.00
2.00
5.00
2.00
2.00!
2.00 1
2.50
1.00 ;
5.00
2.00 J
2.00 '
2.00
2.00
2.00
2.00
2.00!
2.00 i
l.oo ;
l.oo ;
1.00 !
5.00
26 00 1
1.00
25.00
30.00 '
i.oo;
2.00,
25.00
10.00 i
Phelps Dodge Mercantile Co, Johnson Addition
Furniture Co, Standard Furniture Co., Bisbe Furni
ture Co, Stewart A Roundtree, G. O. Branson.
Lowell; Chris Heikkinen, Lowell; Southern Arizona
Furniture Co, Lowell.
- W... r. C AAA - .1A AAA Mam i
I
I
GOOk n
You Can Get 5.CS0 to 10,CC0 More Cts
out of them by using Gates'Half-Sole Tires.
W will put them on for you and change your old tires
into new ones at about one-half. the priceyouwoukl
have to pay for new tires., , -, "
v Your tire comes into our plant, worn and scarred
.from service, and we deliver it back to you the same
tire made oversize and with a brand-new' non-skid
tread' of fresh rubber, i Not asquare inch of your old
tire will be in sight,. and youwill jioteableto,tell It;
from a. new tire. ' .
GATESSTDC1ES
Art absolutely fuiranterd for 1.500 mile of war wltfcovt a
iln mil many users arc averaging from 6. C0 to 10.000 miim.
You cannot get this kind of guaranteed service from any tire on the
market without paying two or three time the tott of a Gate
Half-Sole Tire. - -. --r" .
w rr r to cnnur vnn .
LET US SHOW YOU i
Don't throw away another worn tire until you have Investigated
the Gates Half Sole. U you are paying the tire bill you will be in
terested and we are ready to show you now to Keep la your own
pocket a big part of the cost of new tires) and get better ttre service
tnan you nave ever naa or lore, me guarantee h.
LOWELL MOTOR CO.
Naco Total $ J58.50
. . i
SHANLEY IS RELEASED
BY DENVER MANAGERS.
. I
(Ry Review Leased Wire.)
DENVER. June 23. Tom Shanley.1
spcond baseman for the Denver club
of the Western league this season,'
today was given Are days' notice of
his unconditional release. Shanley
came to the Western League from
Chicago semi-professional circles. j
libber Co.
THE LARGEST CUT RATE TIRE CONCERN IN
THE SOUTHWEST OFFERS YOU
TIRES '
IN NEW, CLEAN, FRESH STOCK COMPOSED OF
FACTORY SPECIAL LOTS AT
CUT PRICES
WE HANDLE ONLY
Standard Makes
COMPOSED OF THE HIGHEST GRADES OF TIRES
MANUFACTURED IN THE UNITED STATES" "
IT WILL PAY YOU WELL TO INVESTIGATE
THESE TIRES AND GETTING OUR PRICES
THEREBY SAVING AND ECONOMIZING.
COOK RUBBER CO.
HOME OFFICE EL PASO, TEXAS
LOCAL BRANCH
Johnson Addition
FOSTER BUILDING
PHONE 132 PHONE 132 1'
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 24, 1917.
SEVEN
Review Want Ads
Advertisement under this Vead at the rate of 1 cent pr word for each
4an with a minimum chart of 25 cents. Advertisements mnst reach The
levlew office not later tfcan a p. m. for Insertion in the next morn Inn paper.
Wanted
WANTED Married man to work on
shares; everything furnished. Ap
ply Martin's ranch, Taylor bridge,
Sulphur Springs valley. , 194
SIDE LINE MEN Do you want a real
one that one order a day will pay
you J9.00? No samples to carry;
something new. Write today. Can
field Mfg. Co, 208 Sigel street, Chi
cago, I1L 1S1
SALESMEN Do you want a real, live,
up-to-date side line? Especially good
for small towns; commissions paid
same day merchant ackonwledgea
receipt of goods. P.Oneer Novelty
Co., 1306 Wells street. Chicago.
SALESMAN For general mercantile
trade in Arizona, to sell a new prop
osition of merit; vacancy now; at
tractive commission contract; $35.00
weekly for expenses. Miles F. Bix
ler Co, Wholesale Jewelers, 725
Carlin Bldg, Cleveland. O. 179
WANTED Track
Lumber Co.
driver.
Bisbee
186
DRESSMAKER Up-to-date dressma
ker. Room 1L Hughes House. 189
WANTED WOman to care for small
child few hours daily. Call Room
45, Moose hotel, in afternoons. 181
WANTED Housekeeper tor family of
two; must be competent or need not
apply. Mrs. E. Burdick, 41 J. E. T.
street, Johnston Addition. 154
WANTED Position as
four years' experience.
Review.
bookkeeper;
W. R, care
102
WANTED Chambermaid.
. Stag Club.
63
WANTED A dishwasher. Warner
HoteL 825
WANTED Bellboy wanted at Copper
Queen hotel ill
WANTED Painting and paper hang
ing. Ed Bennett, P. O. Box W, Low
ell.' 423
For Rent
FOR RENT Our-room house in War
ren. Apply Boyle House .Upper
Lowell. 178
FOR RENT Unfurnished, three
room; no children. These are clean,
modern rooms. Apply at new house
near yp of Spanlding's stairs. School
HilL ... .... - 182
--
FOR." RENTmQne . four-room., unfur
nished house. Mrs., R. P. Conley,
rear soda works. 193
FOR SALE Ford roadster. Hood &
Bledsoe. - 93
FOR SALE Fine Jersey bull at Ben
son; eight-room brick building at
Phoenix; for sale or exchange tor
patented or relinquishment near
Spnoita or Elgin, Ariz. Frank The
rQux,' Box 1 Benson, Ariz. ' 117
FOR SALE Fryers, hens and eggs by
the case direct from the ranch, for
betel and restaurant; also laying
hens and pullets for sale. Arizona
Poultry Yards, R, 2, Phoenix, Ariz.
' 116
FOR RENT Three-room furnished
house, chicken yard. Apply Bell's
barber shop. Brewery Gulch. 826
For Sale
FOR SALE OR RENT Five-room ce
ment block house ,one block from
car line; peach trees, chicken house,
wood house and wasn house. J. rf.
Wickware. 188
FOR SALE Board and rooming house,
65 boarders. John Wohchelegel,
Box 982. . 192
FOR SALE Or exchange for Warren
District property, 160-acre moun
tain ranch; good soil and water; a
fine location for a stock, fruit or
chicken ranch. Address B. M. A,
care Review. 18b
.
FOR SALE Singer sewing machine
aad ice box. Mrs. Cbllders, Castle
Hill, Gibson HOuse. 142
PETEY DINK They'll Need a
: . l CAu't tAKe. i
For Sale.
FOR SALE Four-room bouse, fur
nished, $1,500. Small amount down,
rest like rent E. C. Byrns, Real
Estate, Warren. 197
4
FOR SALE! Close to Bisbee, a weli-
im proved ranch; good well, dairy
and poultry buildings. C. E. Drul
lard, Naco, Arizona. 155
FOR SALE Cheap camp house and
lot; also fitxures; suitable for man
and wife. Upper Tombstone canyon,
near car line. Must sell quickly ac
count of leaving town. See L W.
Wallace. 149
FOR SALE Four-room house, com
pletely furnished at a bargain. In
quire 207 Blackknob View. Warren.
137
FOR SALE Several good carpets,
cheap. Inquire G. L. A, Review. 141
FOR SALE Team of mares, wagon
and harness. Ben Pemberton, Ba
kerville. 143
FOR SALE One milch cow. Behind
Brophy Corra, Lowell. Joe Diaz. 146
FOR SALE Lot Tank Hill, below
city tank. R. E. Minor. 144
FOR SALE Cheap, timbling.
110.
Phone
150
FOR SALE Nine rooms; good furni
ture; reasonable. L. B, Review. 152
FOR SALE Seventeen head of cat-
tie, including one good milk cow and
hoifor ouif Writs r T. Bwiew ml
FOR SALE Restaurant; good paying
proposition for a small amount of
cash. Box 2377, city, - 91
FOR SALE Ford touring car, 1916
model; cash, $250.00. Call at Bis
bee Naco Water barn. Tombstone
canyon, between 8 a.m. and 5 p. m.
80
FOR SALE Four-room house with
furniture ,bath and screen porch. Ap
ply 234 Scho'Jl HilL 822
FOR SALE Four-room house in War
ren. Inquire of W. R. Johnson, street
car conductor. 810
FOR SALE Rooming house, cheap.
Call Phone 816.
FURNITURE FOR SALE The John
son Addition Furniture Co. wants
to pay you the highest cash prices
for your second Lnd furniture. Al
so wants to trade or exchange yon
new furniture for your old. We will
" sell "you furniture cheaper" than
anybody on easy payments. Call
In at the big brick building at the
Johnson Addition and let na show
you oar large and selected stock of
house furnishings, or phone as at
our store. Phone 386, Johnson Ad
dition LOST
LOST Small black and gold pin with
Greek letters On it. Finder return
to S. Werthan, Y. M. C. A. Re
ward. 183
LOST Bunch of keys.
Finder please
153
return to Review.
Douglas Investments.
$3,000 Two modern houses on close-
in coiner fots; now rented for $60.00
per month; $1,500 cash will handle.
$1,600 Two adobe houses on corner
lot in good section of city; one is a
five-room, the Other is a four-room;
good property, but need some slight
overhauling; now renting tor $40;
should bring $60 if little money
spent on them; $500 cash will han
dle. $2,500 First-class rooming house in
central location, 20 rooms, doing
good business; $1,300 will handle.
$10,000 Choice business corner near
center of city; reasonable terms.
$8,000 One of the oldest established
businesses in the city, now netting
$500 per month. This will stand in
vestigation. Part cash, part time or
good securities.
F. D. HUBBELL.
. 514 Tenth Street, Douglas.
103
Rope on Some
President Childs of the Barrett Co.,
says his company has signed a tenta
tive $3,000,000 contract with United
States government, providing a flat
10 per cent profit, for building of roads
through army cantonments to.be erected.
More than a ton of synthetic indigo
has been shipped by Dow Chemical
Co., Midland, Mich. Process is now
on a commercial basis and it is un
derstood that 1000 pounds of 20 per
cent paste is average daily output.
Chicago special says that as a re
sult of speculative activities the pub
lic Is paying for canned goods prices
twice their cost.
V4
ACROSS
Furnished Room
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms
for light housekeeping. 89 Upper
Lowell. Phone Blue 771. 180
FOR RENT Partly
WinwcVKl Addition.
furnished room.
John Baker. 190
FOR RENT Room with board in pri
vate family for two gentlemen. 47
Moon canyon, stone house back V1
Fire House No. 2. 195
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
light housekeeping; no children. A.
D. Fair. Bakerville. 184
FOR RENT Two light housekeeping
rooms. Quality Hill, back Doyie
House. Mrs. Argyle. 179
I FOR RENT Two furnished rooms, 27
Johnson Ave, Johnson Addition. 196
ROOM and board, one or two gentle
I men; private family. Warren N. X..
Review. 191
FOR RENT Furnished room for gen
tlemen .above Independent Fuel of
fice, Main street 151
FOR RENT Light housekeeping
rooms or batching; no children. P.
L. Lutz, South Bisbee. 145
FOR RENT Nicely furnished sleep
ing room in private family, for one
or two gentlemen. 70 Clawson
Hill, j 148
FOR RENT Clean, cool sleeping
rooms. GasSOn House, 35 School
HilL 120
FOR RENT Furnished rooms. Balgaj
House, 153 Temby Ave. 12t
FOR RENT Three light housekeep
ing rooms, furnished. Hayes House
Tombstone canyon. 127
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished room
$2.00 per week and up. 405
Miscellaneous
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for al
kinds of work in our line. Pat Clea
ry, manager. Box 1495. Phone 72U
COX CO. loans $5 to $50 without se
cuiity to men or women in perma
nent positions. NO honest wagt
earner refused, easiest weekly oi
monthly payments, cheapest rates
also loans on furniture, pianos, etc
Confidential, quick service. See uf
if you need money. New Lyric
Theatre Uldg, Room 2, Phone 794
821
THE Blackburn System is the quickest
and most thorough taught anywhere
Including Dress-cutting, Designing
Pattern-making and Dressmaking
The full course will make you pro
ficient and equip you to teach thesr
branches. Room 4, Maze Bldg, Mist
Grant 926
1ISBEE Mattress Upholstering Works
Johnson Addition. We make new
mattresses; old ones made over a
good as new; old mattress called foi
and delivered same day. We alsc
make the roll feather mattress. Wf
do upholstering and furniture repair
ing; free delivery. Phone 734. 7
$50,000 to loan on Improved city prop
erty or for building, on easy terms
of payment T. A Hughes, evei
Bank o? Bisbee. 697
rviiLiC: Li STAV OKI
Perfectcv we.i-
VtTMOUT IT Vlt j
Pow'T HAVE E.M ON
OOU OTHETC UATS
... Lodge
WEEK ENDING JUNE 30. 1917.
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Saturdav
S. C. BLEDSOE, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. & A. M.
A. M. COLWELL. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. L M.
J. E. FRY, E. C.
F S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chapter
and Coromandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge No. 10.
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) -In Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
-ordlally Invited.
EARL SOBL C. C.
J. C. K-GBAUM, K. of R, S.
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
1 m&& S Bisbee Lodge No
9 tWWj Mi 452 meets the 1st
vi y?t tin j o i j.
of each month at
7:30 at Odd Fel
lows' HalL Vilt
ing members cordially invited.
PHIL. DAVIS, President
MRS. C. E. FlNOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722, Tel. 236. Red.
KATHERINE SALHOLM, Secretary.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brother
cordially invited to attend.
R E. WARNER. Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY, Secretary.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple, No. 3,meets every 2nd
ino 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows' Hall. Visitini
dsters are cordially invited.
VNNA HART. M. E. C.
JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. C
ALL BRITOXS iiZ "
OF MILITARY AGE :
CALLED TO COLORS
2
Brig. Gen. W
Brig. Gen. W. A. White of the i
) British army has come to the United
States to take charge of the recruit-
ing of British subjects in this coun-
try. It is said that there are five
hurdred thousand men of military j
ape here who owe allegiance to King
George. General White is being aiJ- i
tI in his recruitincr dri'-e by Amer-
icun amiy effirer.
" ' " '
: ; TZ Zi !
Russia is prepared to place another
contract In United States for 500 loca -
moti.es and 10.000 cars it transporta-
tion facilities can be arranged. Loco
motives and cars are needed for
vfc
v w
4 '1
. A. White.
Tranu.Sckrhitin rnilrnnn Kvstpm and fori... ' . :
:
carrying supplies to Russian armies
on eastern battle front. i
SAf
I AfH0Tt i H,E.
v i pea of twe.
STriucs ou oujz.
hats keep
I The. Vjiwo trom
ElOVjIu'
Notices ...
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
mm
leets every Friday night. Moose Hall,
isiting brothers cordially invited.
V. R. TONKIN. Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary,
Junior order united ameri
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medigov.cb
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month
Visiting brothers we!
come.
M. C. BriNTON, Councillor.
J. L. BENTON. Recording Secretary
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 210.
Meets in I. O.i
O. t: Hall sec-;
GEO. SLEEMAN, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretar
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
m'17 er""
Odd Fellows HalL
R. L MOTZ. Consul.
H. F. MJTHEWSON.
Clerk-
BISBEE LODGE, No. 10. I O. O. F.
WFnNF?nAV
evening at Odd
Fellow? Hall
Main street at 7:00 p. m. Visiting
I brothers cordially invited to attend
HaU Phone lis,
CARL V. NELSON, N. G.
G A. PLUNKETT, Secretary.
1
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
Pearl Chapter" Nb 6. meeU
meets in Masonic Hal
in Masonic Hall second anc
fourth . Tuebday of eacl
month at 7:30 p. m.
i MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS, W. M.
.Phone 230. P. O. Box 841. Bisbet
U,
2299, Chairman Relief Com. Phone 161. !
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30. Brophy HalL
J. L. WINTERS, C. C. I
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk
All Vtuodmen invited.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first and thirc
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m i
in Medizovich Hall Ali
visiting Red Mn invitee ,
to attend. :
Wm. DELBRIDGE, Sachem.
f. TkhWFtir!"
'
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E, meeu
firsi and third MONDAYS, 8. p. m.
Eagles HalL Visitors cordially wel
come.
I.UIC1LARD DAVIS, President. I
M. D. COHEN. Aerie Physician !
BISBEE CO. NO. 5, U. R. K. OF P. ;
D""M Practice every Thursday at
'6;30 p. m. at I. O. O. F. Hall, side
lanns, uniforms optional.
, H. G. APPLIN, Captain,
WILLIAM DELBRIDGE, RicOrdie.
KNIGHTS 4 LADIES OF SECURITY
BISBEE COUNCIL, NO. 2115.
Meets every Thursday at Uuiot
iall 8 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited. C. A. Clem, Pres..
Box 1023 Bisbee.
Frederick J. Attaway, Sec, Lowell.
E .inauis, flIian.iPr' h. aa-4 i n.
:crj;
xr . Y?tD!SEN.C,.,RhL,F-. , , '
ES.'JL .M,ed!g.?.V.. Ial1 2nd
hai lit. A. urns, uuardian.
PAULINE F BROWN. Clerk
P. O. Box 621. i
MAJOR- ,
'ENt OFF?
. TT-1l -I '
. y - i k r" ? r
OffeStK vt A sv'W:
Secretary Wheeler of Massachuse
tts Board of Agriculture says crops in
New England are threatened by wet
weather and hope of bumper harvest
depends on a late, mild fall.
As result of proposed cut in pas
senger train service June 24,25 there
will be 551 fewer trains in operation
on New England railroads.
LEUAL NOTICES
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona, May 21, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Pey
ton C. Andrews, of Hereford. Arizona.
'who, on November 18, 1912, made
l""d fH? No-hi15sJ,3,cfor1N-E
j Sectlon 32, Township 23 S, Range
-i u. s. a. l c Meridian, has
'rUed notice r intention to make three
Tear proof ,to establish claim to the
and atrove described, before Jared D.
j Taylor, U. S. Cn:ni3sfoner, Bisbee,
j rizoua, on the 30tii day of June, 1917.
Claimant names is witnesses:
Adolph C. Hinters, Charles A Mar
in, Frederick J. Murrell, all of Here
ord, Arizona; Gus Haigler, of Bisbee,
Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
! Fh-st Dublication. Mav 29. 1917.
Last publication. June 30, 1917.
ond and fourth ,-
SATURDAY I NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION,
at 7:30 p. m. Department of the Interior.
Visiting broth j P- S. Land Office at Phoenix, Art
ers cordially 'zona. May 21, 1917.
invited to at NOTICE is hereby given that Minnie
tend- iir. Mulligan, widow of Thomas Mulli-
san- 01 "iiena, Arizona, who, on June
1914- male Homestead Entry No.
'025278. for N. E. SecUon 13. Town-
If l'f f A' H & t
Ac Meridian, n fiipn nnMpA nf in ton.
tion to "ree year proof, to estat.
lish claim to the Iand above Ascribed
before Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, on the 29U
day of June, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Oliver Frv. 1f Ft Hnarhura Art.
!zona; Samuel x. of BueM Arf.
.ona; Fred W Patterson, of Buena,
Arizona; Fred C. Cook, of Bisbee, Ari-
na
J. L. IRVIN
Register.
First publication. May 29, 1917.
Last publication, June 30, 1917.
NOTICE.
; To the Qualified Electors of Cochise
vuuuiy, oiaie oi Arizona
i Notice is hereby given that a peti-
; tion is on file in my office purporting
' to be signed by tha qualified -electors
. of saS(j county to the number of Four
Five Hundred Six (4.506),
being not less than thirty-three and
one-third per cent of the qualified
electors of the county computed ac
. . ,, . , . .. . ..
frdInf t0 law', prayins thkat the cou":
seat of said county be removed
; from the place where it is now fixed.
and that an election be held to deter
mine the question of such removal.
and to what place the same shall be
removed (or that the question of such
j removal and the place to which the
i same shall be removed be submitted
to the qualified electors Of said county
at the next general election of the
county officers), and that said petition
will be considered by the board of su-
i pervisors of said county at the meet-
: In v i ho hptd t TnniliRtnno In fiaifl
!u7ty;taVrond vsly-
1917, at 10 O clock a. iu at which time
land place any qualified elector of said
! county may appear In person or by
I counsel and be heard.
: r; KARGER,
! .. . .t .
" ln 1OBro ?l BUPervlBO '
v-uumy.
Dated June 11. 1917.
First publication June 14. 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
I May 21. 1917.
j NOTICE is hereby given that Floy
Wesley Sperow, of Hereford. Arizona.
! who, on August 26. 1912. May 9, 1914.
imade Homestead Entries, No. 019030,
I No. 023072, for SE. 1-4. NE. 1-4. SW.
S 1-4, Lots 3 and 4. SE. 1-4. NV. 1-4. Sec-!
tion 1. Township 23 S, Range 21 -E., G.
! S. R. B. & Meridian, has filed no
: t!ri of intention rl make three-year
Proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before W. A Fowler.
it c rnmm .,nnA, at Tnmtiutnro
-''-"""""-. .-- ,
Arizona, on the 12'a day of July. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses: ROb-
O I I - " u jr- . - i
n Js If wmevjNoo Co imTo
C- r Ol"BATTtE AND CET I
ert Reay, of Hereford. Arizona; G. J.
McCabe, of Hereford, Arizona: C. V.
Boardman, of Garces, Arizona; C. D.
Lesuer, of Hereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication June 9, 1917.
Last publication July 12, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department'of ih4 Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
May 21, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby givea that Rob
ert Reay. Jr, of Hereford. Arizona,
who. On November 5. 1S13, August 12.
1914, made Homestead Entries No.
(023692, No. 025586, for NW. 1-4 and
NE. 1-4. Sections 11 and 10, Township
23 S, Rang 21 E, G. it S. R. a &
Meridian, haa filed notice of intention
to make three-year proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore W. A Fowler, V. S. Commission
er, at Tombstone, Arizona, on the 12th
day of July, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses: Floy
Wesley Sperow, of Hereford, Arizona;
G. J. McCabe, of Hereford, Arizona;
C. B. Boardman. of Garces, Arizona; C.
D. Leaueur, Of Hereford. Arizona.
J. L, UtVLN,
Register.
First publication June , 1917.
Last publication July 12. 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix. Ari
zona, May 21. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Ed
ward J. Mitchell, of Don Luis, Arizona.
ho, on October 9, 1912. made Home
tead Entry NO. 019463, for S. W.
Section 30. Township 23 S, Range 24
, G. 4 S. R. B. a Meridian, has filed
otice of intention to make three year
roof, to establish claim to the land
bove described, before Jared Di Tay
or, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee, Art
on a, on the 29th day of June. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James B. Smith, of Warren, Arizona;
Joseph H. Branch, of Don Luis, Art
ona; Richard Brandon, of Don Luis,
Arizona; William Eberling. of Naco,
rizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication. May 29, 1917.
Last publication, June 30. 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona.
May 2S. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Annie
McGowan. formerly Annie Clinton, of
Hereford. Arizona, who, on October 24.
1914. made Hd Entry 025894. for N. E.
1-4, and April 22. 1915. made AddL En
try 027283, for N. W. 1-4. Section 13,
Township 24 S, Range 22 E, G. 4 S.
R. & Meridian, has filed notice of In
tention to make three years proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor. U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 5th day of July. 1917.
Claimant names as- witnesses: Mich
ael Foudy, Michael McDonald.' William
F. Cowan, all (3) of "Bisbee, Arizona;
Frank C. Cobbe, of Hereford. Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication. June 2. 1917.
NOTICE OF HEARING PETITION.
In the Superior Court of Cochise Coun
ty. State of Arizona.
In the Matter of the Estate of Mary A.
Engasser, Deceased:
Notice is hereby given that Philip
Engasser has filed in this court a cer
tain document purporting to be tha
last Will and Testament of Mary A.
Engasser, together with bis petition
praying that said document be admit
ted to probate in this court as the last
Will and Testament of said Mary A
Engasser. who, said petitioner alleges,
is deceased, and that letters of admin
istration with the will annexed Issue
theroen to said petitioner, and that
same will be heard on Saturday, the
30th day of June, A. D. 1917. at 10:00
o'clock in the forenoon of said day. at
the court room of said court, in the
court house, in the City Of Tombstone.
County of Cochise. State of Arizona,
and all persons interested in said es
tate are notified then and there to ap
pear and show cause, if any they have,
why the prayer of said petitioner
should not be granted.
J. E. JAMES.
Clerk.
By J. L. ALLEN.
Deputy Clerk.
Dated June 11. 1917.
First publication June 14. 1917.
ByCA. VOIGHT EIGHT
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 24, 1917.
m JUNE
jTOiHli - : '
' BISBEE AND ,
Vj$' LOWELL STORES . J
1 . I
On Women's Wool
Suits-New Fashions
Women wishing to economize will find these suits irresisti
ble in styles and price. In this lot of over 1 00 suits, you wiH find
the best models that have been coming out this season. Included
are Wool Pcplin, Wool Jersey, Poiret Twill, Men's Wear Serge,
Wool Gaberdine, English Mixtures and fancy striped woolen fab
rics, adorned with braids, buttons and touches of embroidery with
large cape collars of silk, belted as well as plain and straight line
tailored models, many are copies of imported models in all staple
shades, sport colors and black and white.
$17.50 Values at $13.25 " $30.00 Values at .
$20.00 Values at $15.00
$21.00 Values at $15.75
$22.50 Values at $17.00
$25.00 Values at $18.75
$27.50 Values at $21.00
$29.75 Values at $22.50
$22.50
$24.50
$26.25
$32.50 Values at .
$35.00 Values at .
37.50 Values at $28.50
$39.50 Values at $30.00
$45.00 Values at $33.75
$50.00 Values at $37.50
PARASOLS REDUCED
Ml
A limited num- WT N
1
Smartunshades in conservative styles
which will oppeal to the fastidious woman
in colors that are pleasing
ber of parasols ; all that remains of our stock,
reduced for a quick clean-up.
$3.50 Parasols, Reduced to .... $2.45
$5.95 and $7.50 Values, Reduced to. .$4.95
$9, $9.95 and $10 Vaules, Reduced to $7.95
$12.50 Values, Reduced to $9.95
Summer Tub Skirting, Special 47c Yard
Basket weave in blue and pink, checks and stripe3, also
sport patterns in emerald, gold and coral, a regular 65c value at
47c per yard.
Reception Voiles, Special ... 27c Yard
Fine Reception Voiles, in a good assortment of the newest
patterns and colors, 38 inches wide, a material that sells regularly
at 35c a yard, priced at the yard 27c
Women's Cotton Crepe
Wasn Suits, Priced at . .
Wash Suits cf Cotton Crepe in shades of Blue, Rose, Yel
low and Lavender. Colored and White Combinations of Colored
Jackets and White Skirts in all sizes up to 42 at $5.95.
$5.95
j fi'"""
j ' i
-
Women's Cotton Crepe
KIMONOS At $.1.75 to $4.00
Wonderfully lovely Crepe Kimonos in
floral and Japanese designs with large col
lars and elastic belts in colors of grey, blue,
pink, lavender and black, in sizes 36 to 42.
These are exceptional values.
Summer Wash Frocks
ur1 , Priced From $7.50 to $30.00
Many lovely Wash Dresses in Voiles, Organdies, Lawn,
French Gingham and Cotton Crepe in Plaids, Stripes and Em
broidered Voiles, trimmed with large collars, fancy buttons, Lace
Net and Sashes.
New Lingerie Blouses
A very interesting collection of Blouses, all fresh, crisp and
new, recent models that will see their best season of wear through
the summer. Included are Embroidered Voiles, and Organdies.
Trimmed with filet and fine Val Laces, hand embroidered, fine
tucks and cluster tucks, exceptional values, from $1.25 to $7.50.
-Wrap Wfh mk
ftp m0d$Mwn ' Isfew
SPECIAL SALE OF SILKS
36-INCH NATURAL PONGEE, the quality we have r f
been selling throughout the season for 75c the yard, reduced j y I
to the yard
35 and 36 INCH TAFFETA
The new plaids
and stripes, nifty pat
terns for
skirts and
Our regul
$2.00 quality, reduced
to the yard
separate f" ft
36 and 40 INCH FANCY SILKS
Sport Poplins,
Figured Tussahs, and
Shantungs that sell reg
ularly for $2.50 and
$2.75 a yard. Wonder
ful values at the yard
1.95
36-INCH KHAKI-KOOL AND TUSSAH SILKS
Plain shades and a few figures. Our $4.00 ana
$4.50 regular sellers. Reduced to sell at the yard
. Printed Indestructable Silk Voiles
Georgette Crepe and Cnitfons
The season's popular materials for waists, trimming and many
good patterns for motor veils. f 40-inches wide, regular prices are
$2.50, $3.00 and $3.50 a yard. Reduced to the yard
$1.89 - $2.95 - $2.85 '
Special Sale of Filet and Cltray.
Lace Trimmed Centers at . $1.89
Twelve dozen lace trimmed center pieces a lot that was
bought as a final clean-up from the makers. If bought in a regular
way we would have to ask from $3.50 to $5.00 for them. . They
come in white only, at the unusual price of $1.89.
PALM BEACH MOTOR COATS
Auto Coats of Palm Beach in Natural and White with large col
lars, belts and pearl buttons, also Silk Coats of Taffeta, Heavy Shant
ung and Twill in natural color Shantung and black and white. Prices
ranging from $11.00 to $17.50.
Women's Fashionable
Wash Skirts at $150 to $7.50
Fashionable summer Wash Skirts of Cotton Gaberdine, Cotton
Corduroy, Pique, Rammey Linen, Cotton Repp and a number of other
fancy white cotton materials, with colored sun dots and wide stripes,
checks and figures.
Special Sale of Silver Tableware
IN OUR FURNITURE DEPARTMENT.
A remarkablv large collection of plate silver ware from some of
America's best makers; included in the lot are Roeers Bros. 1847,
World Brand made by the American Silver Co., 1 832, and Hamilton
Silver Co. In the assortment are Tea Sooons, Table Spoons, Soup
Spoons, Boullion Spoons, Knives and Forks, Berry Servers, Cake
Servers, Butter Knives, etc.
We wish to call your attention to our vast selection of Furniture,
there is nothing we cannot supply.
Women's Summer Dresses 0 1 Q J
To $20 Values at. . . . 01"
An unusual lot of Dresses in Crepe de Chine,
Shantung, Georgette Crepe and combination of Taffeta
and Georgette Crepe in colors of Navy, White, Green,
Black and White and Natural Shantung and Khaki-Kool
Prints. Exceptional values at $13.75.
Voineii's New Sport
Suits At . . : . . .
Women who come here tomorrow will get a new idea of
what constitutes good values, and we believe if you will examine
these suits you will agree with us that there is more snap and
style as well as greater intrinsic worth, than is to be found in Suits
at similar prices elsewhere. There are Wool and Sport Silk Suits
only in this lot, in pastel and sport shades in printed dots and
stripes. Faille Silk, Khaki-Kool Silk Jersey and Taffeta in sport
colors. Wonderful values and the newest styles.
$27.50 Values at ..... $21.00 $47.50 Values at $36.00
$30.00 Values at $22.50
$32.50 Values at . . . .$24.50
$35.00 Values at $26.25
$37.50 Values at $28.50
$39.50 Values at $30.00
$42.50 Values at $32.00
$50.00 Values at . . . .$37.50
$55.00 Values at . . . .$41.25
$57.50 Values at $43.50
$60.00 Values af 45.00
$62.50 Values at . . . .$47.00
$65.00 Values at . . . .$48.75
Millinery Specials
Trimmed Hats at Very
Special Prices In 3 Lets
A splendid collection, all trimmed,
ready and waiting, there are hats of alT de
scriptions that are wonderful values.
LOT1
Includes hats that
sold originally for as
high as $7.00. Special
at
$3.95
LOT 2
in this lot are
many of the best
spring styles. Values
to $ 1 0. Special at
S5.00
LOT 3
You will find in
this lot hats that are
priced as high
$15.00. Special at
as
$6.00
Stunning Gage Sailors Reduced
Here you will find sailors of all kinds for summer wear.
Excellent quality and workmanship, at greatly reduced prices.
$10. and $12. Gage
Sailors. Special at..
$7.50
$7.50 Values i n
Gage Sailors, Spe
cial at x.
$5.00
$3.75 Values in Gage
Sailors. Special at....
$2.00
50
c
A Large Assortment of
Untrimmed Shapes at . .
Children's Lingerie Hats
And Caps 75c to - $1.95
Children's Lingerie Hats an
Caps for little girls made of Fane;
Organdies.
All-over Embroidery and was
Chiffon trimmed with Dainty Ribbo
Flowers.
Cotton Wasn Dresses
At $6 to $10
Attractive new models of Cotton Crepe, Printed Rammey
Linen, and Merecrized Tussah in stripes, checks and sun dots.
Biflie Burke Wash Dresses
AT $2.75 AND $2.95
Beautiful white Galatea and gingham dresses in misses
sizes from 14 to 18 years, Galatea trimmed with blazer stripes
in red, blue, pink, etc. Gingham trimmed in solid colors.
5f WJsJF 1