MARKETS.
WEATHER.
Tuesday and Wednes
day rair; not much
hane in le. literature.
NEW YORK CITY.
Average Price of Cop
per for week ending
September 12, 25.83.
le.uo,,.,,
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
ii r r
VOL. 20. No. 147.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 271917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
FRENCH AND BRITISH TROOPS
ARRIVE ON PIAVE RIVER LINE
ITALIAN PRESSURE RELIEVED
After Eight Days Marching
Allied Armies Arrive at Ital
ian Front Teuton Masses
Accomplish Nothing 2000
Prisoners Taken.
(By Review Leased Wire)
Apparently ;he peril of the Italian j
. troops guarding the Piave line and the j
hill country in northern Italy against
the Teutonic? allies is at an end. iarge j
numbers of British ana iTencn rem-
uu-.a vi . ,r" "
lorcements lniantry ana arui:ery ai
last have arrived up'-m the scene after j
days of axnious waiting in which the
Xllans have borne the brunt of terrif-
fice fighting on both fronts solely on
their own shoulders and kept back the
enemy from a further invasion of the
Venetian Dlain
Although faced everywhere' by su-1
perior numbers of men and guns, the 1 informed that they must keep the
Italians have valiantly defended every J medals in their possession, but must
foot of gi'juud in the hills and along ; not wear them until congress gives
the Piave and in the former region in, its authorization.
recent days actually have taken :he of- j The ceremony was an impressive
Tensive against the invaders and push-' one. An American major general pre
ed them back from strategic points of ! sented the decorations and citations,
vantage they had gained under terrific
sacritices in lives.
For eight days the allied reinforce
ment.1; man lied to the rescue, bringing
along with them large numbers of guns
and huge s.upply trains. All ithe troops j
are declared to De in nne teuie anu ea- 5
ger to test their strength against the
enemy. I
Just where the British and French
forces will be thrown inj the fray had
not been made known, but doubJets
large numbers of them will be used to
strengthen the Italian front on the
north front Lake Garda eastward to
the Piave, wliere the Austro-Germans
have been making their strongest ef-
fnrt i-rt niprrp tin Italian line.
Artillery Is Active. and Thomas F. Enright. "who died
ROME. Nov. 25. Today5's official j bravely in hand-to-baSd righting with
announcement follows: j tn enemy who had penetrated the
"Yesterday eneuiv masses, osupport-: first line."
ed by heavy artillery again attempted i Tbe others cite were Lieutenant
to attack our positions between the j William H. McLaughlin, Lieutenant R.
Brenta and Piave rivers. On our left O. Patterson. Lieutenant E. F. Erick
wing the enemy's efforts were directed ' con. Sergeant John Arrowwood. Cor
agaiast the Monte Pcrtica area. T'ney.porals David M. Knowles and Homer
were crushed promptly, and a deadly Givens and Privates Charles Massa,
and well executed counter attack jn William D. Thomas, George Hurd.
our part was made in answer to every j Boyce Wade, Robert Winkler and
fresh attempt by the enemy. At Tas-,john J. Jarvis.
son, the Monte Rosa battalion of Al- j recent offer by the British ad
pini annihilated its assailants. j miralty to decorate certain officers
"At our center wbere the enemy's j and nlPn of two American destroyers
pressure was strongest, the nP:y-sixth J for tfceir 8erv ices In combatting Ger
divtsion lived up to its enviable rep- man Bubmarlnes was declined, accum
ulation. Enemy columns which with ( , to ,he announcement of Secre
5stubbom fuiy attacked from the : n,, . h.11l(, ,h . fh.
nortliwest, and north, in the direction
of Monte Casonet. Col. Del L'Orso,
Monte San Laroia and Mom.e Spinecci
were uoked down by our fire, repteat-
edly met by furious counter attacks:
and definitely repulsed, leaving m'jre '
than 200 prisoners in our hands.
"On our rieht thf enemv attacked
from the easter slopes of Monte Mon -
fenera. The assaulting waves were i
fir: checked by our artillery and af
terward counter attacked, several
times and repulsed by our gallant Al
pint A few score of prisoners were
taken."
DOQTM PK1 Wll I SCI t
WAR SAVING STAMPS
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 26. Every
city and rural mail carriers in the Uni
ted States will be a salesman for war
savings stamps in the campaign which
opens next Monday, under orders is
sued today by the postoffice depart
ment. Carriers will be supplied with
saving stamps and urged to solicit
along their routes. Favorable nota
tions will be made on the records of
carriers who make pales.
Harry R. Trittle of Phoenix, has
been appointed state director of the
war savings campaign for Arizona by
Secretary McAdoo.
EXPLOSIVE INSPECTORS ARE
APPOINTED BY PRESIDENT
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 26. Inspec
tors for forty-one states and Alaska to
enforce iJie federal explosive law un
der supervision of the bureau jf mines
were appointed today by President
Wilson. Those for the other states
will be named in a few days. Today's
appointments include:
Arizona Edward L. Shaw, Phoenix.
Colorado Thomas S. Price, Long
moat. Texas Charles B. Watters, San Antonio.
Meatless-WheatlessDays Changed
PHOENIX, Ariz., Not 26. In Arizona, Tuesday was established
as a wheatless day and Friday as a treaties day, possibly the latter
with consideration of the fact that as a fast day, therefore meatless,
to a large proportion of the population. From Washington, however,
has come intimation that this local -system fails to agree with the
one nationally established. Consequently hereafter and including this
week, meatiess day w'll be Tuesday and Wednesday will be wheatless,
thus running together the week's food conservation days. Chairman
M, T. Grier, of the Hotel and .Restaurant committee, has sent this
notification to all the hotels and restaurants of the state and hopes
there will be the fullest observance of this national regulation.
.AMERICANS ARE
I DECORATED WITH
FRENCH MEDAL
(By Review Leased Wire)
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IX
FRANCE. Nov. 26. The French war
- - , . . fV,-
css has been conferred on the U
American officers and men who were
cited witb tne company ny me rrencn
(general commanding, the sector in
which the Americans were stationed
j at the time of the first German raid
i n the night of November 2-3. The
men were decorated tcday and were
giving the regimental coionel those
for the men who were killed. They
will be sent to their next of kin.
The French general, in referring to
the action of this American company.
gajj
..0n the nUnt of November 2-3 this
companyf whjch was in tne ,ine for the
iine met an extremelv violent
1 bombardment, despite which it seized
arms and offered such stubborn re--
! sistance that the enemy, though nu
! merically superior, was obliged to re
' tire."
i The general specially -cited in the
j order of the day Corporal James D.
' Cresham and Privates Merle D. Hay
coimt prevet so,diers and sailors
- Hnin. f,.l
from receiving decorations from for
eign governments.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 26. No mem
ber of the military or naval forces
ot tne United States is permitted to
100601 a foreign decoration and there
kas DCen " indication that the ad-
ministration will ask congress for a
change in the law forbidding'it Sec
tetary Daniels recently declined an
offer of the British government to
present medals to certain officers and
men of the American navy for dis
tinguished service in the anti-subma-
,rine patro1
French Advance
Shatters Hun
Defensive Line
(By Review Leased Wire)
WITH THE FRENCH ARMIES IN
FRANCE, Nov. 26. The French
troops yesterday in one large bite to
the north of Verdun annulled ail the
j numerous nibbles which the Germans
, bave made in the French lne since
j the crown prince's defeat at the end
I of August. Along a front stretching
I from Samogneux eastward to the
southern portion of Caures wood, the
French, artillery opened (heavy gun
preparation early on Sunday, which
the Germa- evidently regarded mere
ly as ah intensification of the artil
lery JIre daily proceeding in this sec
tor. Four honrs later the French in-
fantry went over the top end in one
dash reached the first sections of the
I German line. Following the first
: waves came other waves, which over
! whelmed and captured more than 800
j Germans who bad held strongly forti
1 fied positions in two ravines leading
i eastward and northward into Caur
' wood.
Cavalrymen Have
Many Thrilling
Escapes, Report
(By Review Leased ire) Review Leased Wlrel
BRITISH HEADQUARTERS IN Hy Ue.ew leased W Ire)
FRANCE. Nov. 26. The British caval- CHICAGO. Nov. 28. Plans for non
ry has had mauy thrilling experiences partisan campaigns wherever neees
Since the battle began in the Cuuibrai sarv , ,. ant;.vsar noliiii nl ui.
sector last Tuesday and opened a way
for them into the great territory over
which they have roamed almost at will
like cavaliers of old seeking combats
with those who would accept their
game.
Series of uheir gallant charger, with
drawn sabers against enemy bakeries
and strong infantry 'positions have
been innumerable. Bui perhaps no.ie
of them had more exit-ting time than
a squadron of Canadian horsemen wao , y danger of an ami American and
took tiiei: wav in a northeasterly d.- socialist combination that miglit re
rection from Masnieres after the event- 9U't " the defeat of the administra
ful smashing of the Hindenburg line., "on it3 var PfHties in 191S.
Thev swep,; proudly out of Masnier- ( Wisconsin, with its immediate situa
es on their chargers with their sabers ion caused by the death of Senator
making merry music against their , Husting and the activity of Senator
trappings. Thev returned at'jot and LaFollette, was the center of the dis
thereby hangs a narrative of bravery : cussion. but those in the conference
and strategy which is worth recording, were concerned about other states.
Horsemen Save Tank. ! Illinois -has some counties that have
For a considerable distance the 'failed to get behind the war. it was
horsemen cantered along over the roii-' charged, and in Minnesota and the Da
lng grasslands without encountering ' kotas the so-called farmers' move'
any enemy East of Rumilly, howev-; ment" has made an impression politi
er, cheycame upon several British ' cally.
tanks which had run almost into a' By a new strategy the campaigns
German battery position and were be- i will be conducted twider a zone sys
ing fired at jAMnt blank by great guns. tem. Fred V. Lynch, national commit
The monitors were in a tight place; teem?n from Minnesota, expressed the
and needed assistance badly. They got j persona! opinion that owin? to the
it. The cavalry came pounding up in I war it might be well to battle out the
columns of four and their leader, slz-1 campaign on non-partisan lines Up
ing up the situation sent them swerv- j to date, however, it was said that pre
ing in on ei ber side of the battery, i liminary work had been along partisan
Then they charged'in -straight among, lines and it was understood the republi
the gun crews, their sabers flashing. ; cans were preparing for party contests
It was over in a moment and the last J next year,
enemy lay trampled upon. i
Seek Other Prey,
This Incident finished, the cavalry j
otted off in search of other adven-,
trotted
tures. Not far away was a sunken :
road which concealed considerable en- j
emy forces armed with machine guns.
Cavalry scouts discovered .this trap and
dasiiing back, gave the word to the I
commander. The latter snapped out
a command and the squadron, most of :
whom were still unaware of the pres
ence of the sunken road, divided into !
two bodies, jne of which deployed to James Brown, United States deputy
the right toward a break in the wall j marsha, tonight announced that 14
of the road, while the other drew .:heir , persons had been arrested and were
sabers and charged straight ahead. being held cn suspicion of having in
The Germans, not knowing that Brit-1 formation about the train wreck here
ish cavalry was in operation in that;iast ni?ht. L?r developments were
region remained in the big ditch and 1 expected to place he ersponsibiiity
the Canadians reached the edge of the j f0 rit pon the 14. Brown added,
miniature precipice without seeing the j He indicated the 14 belong to the
enemy. They saw i:hem then, in num-: r V w
bers and realized for the first time
that they were beaded for a drop of
several feet to the level of the i'jad.
Z!3?? ?efef- The' t00li i
the fiving leap straight down amongst 1
the surprised Germans and began their
work of dea Ji Hall a hundred of the I
enemy lay dead when the remainder j
took to their heels and tied toward
Rumilly.
Commander Works Ruse.
The cavalry commander was then
out 'of touch with the remainder of
the advancing I'ritish forces and de
cided to remain in the sunken road for
a time until he could get orders. Ac
cordingly he sent back a courier to car
ry Information as -to the location of the
squad. It developed quickly that an
other force jf German machine gun
ners was stationed in a commanding
position nearby. These opened a gril
ling fire on the cavalry and succeded
in killing several hcrses within a short
time.
It became apparent that the men
and the rest of the horses must suffer
the same fate if they remained w here
they were. The commander knew it
would be suicide to run out into the
open and he 'seized upon an ingenious
pian to outwit the Germans. The
horses were gathered together and
ampeded with their empty saddles in
the direction of Cambrai. The ruse
worked for the Germans, peering
through the mist, thought the horse-
men escaped.
Turn Gun On Hroses.
The machine guns came into action
against the galloping horses and the
trcApers meantime made good their es-
British Continue Gains Along
Western Front Toward' Cambrai
(By Review leased Wire.)
BRITISH HEADQUARTERS IN
FRANCE, Nov. 26. The British today
were in possession of still more enemy
trench defenses in the region of Bulle
court, the Germans having been forced
to withdraw somewhat at several
points to re-arrange their positions.
A considerable number of German com
munication trenches had become un
tenable as a result of the British
drive into the enemy front lines last
week and the Germans abandoned
these for more favorable ground.
Elsewhere along the new battle
front no change in the situation has
been reported. Hard fighting Mill
continues for the possession of Bour
lon village with the British holding
the upper hand.
There was considerable artillery ac
tivity during the night, but generally
speaking, things were quiet. Not witch
standing the heavy rainfall of last
week, the ground is firm and favorable
for operations.
At last Accounts General Dyng's
British troops before Cambrai were
holding in their entirety the Bourlon
Democrats Plan
A Non-Partisan
Campaign for 1918
risings were discussed to;lay by demo-
eratio national committeemen and
state chairmen Irom 12 mid-western
states. Fred It. Lynch, national com
mitteeman from Minnesota, was elect
ed chaiiman of the conference. He
declared a non-partisan campaign was
an immediate necessity in congression
al districts and states where there was
TJ Q JlTril'cJl nl
U j If J. Ill Oillll
Holds 14 For
Investigation
(By Review Leased Wire)
HENRIETTA. Okla., Nov. 26.
Secret service men arrived at the
scene of the wreck shortly after it
occurred. Bloodhounds immediately
took them to a spot in the road where
d tadlcattong that me
" , . .-w mnln, ., Tho
ad been tak.enn. ' "ii the men
t m"Jl??i. J,n VZs
been befoiV United States courts in
this vicinity on slacker and agitator
charges.
cape from the road. They started 1
back bix: losing their way at one time i
were actually in the outskirts of Rum- j
illy. This may have given rise to a :
report which became current that the j
British had occupied the village.
The Canadians continued their jour-'
ney toward what they thought were
the Brt.ish lines. As they were pro- j
ceeding they were challenged by aj
German officer with nine men. It hap-1
pened that among the trc'opers was a !
little chan who spoke German fluently. '
He was sent forward with orders to 1
engage the officer in conversation uu-;
til the rest of che troopers cculd close i
in with their sabers. I
The little emissary fulfilled his mis-
sion by engrossing tbe atention 'of the
officer with a cock and buW story to
which the German listened because ne
did not know the British cavalry was
in his zone. He liH.ened a moment
too long, however, for the Canadians
rushed in and killed the men accom-
panying the enemy officer. The latter
was taken prisoner and compelled to
conduct the, horsemen back to their
rwn lines.
I positions west of Cambrai. Since their
repulse of Sunday the Germans had
1 failed to renew their counter attacks.
, Only minor operations have taken
place on any sector cf the front where
Byng's men last week carried out their
.swift and spectacular operation which
' resulted in the smashing of the famous
Hindenburg line.
VIOLENT ARTILLERY FIGHTING.
Along the Chemin des Dames and
In the Verdun region violent artillery
duels are in progress between the
French and the Germans, nl the lat
ter sector the Germans several times
essayed attacks with the purpose of rea
capturing pround taken from them
Sunday but met with repulse. This
ground, which is situated to the north
of the tamous hill 344, for the posses
sion of which so many sanguinary bat
tles have been fought, is in the process
of consolidation of General I'ctain's
men.
Daily the operations of the British
having for their purpose the invest
ment of Jerusalem are being pushed
forward. Southwest and west of the
city British cavalry have taken respec
tively Blttir station and Ain Karl, six
Mexicans From
j Ojinaga to Go
After F. Villa
(By Review Leased Wire)
JUAREZ, ..lf-x.. Nov. 2 ll. A troop
train left here late today currying the
Bun troop-; from the Ojinaga garrison
;who will ha irorporateii imo General
Kdtmnlo Hernandez's forces as ".-hock
; troons" in the cjimpaign against Villa
in the northeastern zone of Chihuahua
state. These troops were brought
1 lu re Saturday from Marga. Texas, hav
ing been interned there after escaping,
across the Uiu Giande Irom Ojinaga
, when Villa captured the town Novem
ber Ht.'i. They were equipped with
new uniforms and shoes and were re
issued their rifles, ammunition and
firtd equipment whir;h were taken from
them by American soldiers when they
were interned and sent here in bond.
General Juan Espinosa y Cordova,
who was in command of the troops
at the battle of Ojinaga. did not ac
company his command hut remained
here. An investigation was started
of his evacuation cf Ojinaga upon his
arrival here, and it was announced he
was remaining here pending the out-
come of this investigation.
General Pablo Favela. who was
. scheduled to leave late Saturday night
1 with Ms 1,000 troops for the northeast
ern :.one and who was ordered to re
main here over Sunday, again entrain
i ed tonight and announced he would
; leave at once for Viila Ahuma la.
No reports were received here today
regarding the present wherealiouts of
Villa"s main column and this is caus
ing the local military authorities much
uneasiness.
ALIEN RESIDENTS MAY
BE DRAFTED IN U. S. ARMY
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 26. Negotia
tions between the United States and
the allies on the alien slacker problem
bave progressed to such a stage that
when congress reconvenes next Mon
day Secretary Lansing will be pre
pared to submit a number of treaties
authorizing the reciprocal drafting for
military service of the citizen or sub
ject of one country resident within the
other country.
Approval of such treaties by the
senate has been foreshadowed by a
general demand on congress for action
to reach aliens in this country of draft
age. Several measure had been lauuch
cd in the senate and house requiring
the drafting of rfuch persons but at
the suggestion of the state department
and upon its promise to accomplish
tiie purpose by regular method of
treaty stipulation that legislation was
postponed.
Bomb Outrage
Causes Arrest
Of 50 Italians
(By Review Leased Wire)
MILWAUKEE. Nov. 26. Fifty Ital
ians were arrested tonight and are
held tor investigation in connection
with tJie bomb outrage Saturday in
which nine members of the police
force were killed and two injured. It
is understood tbe action followed a
confession by a man arrested earlier
in the day. Six suspecu were arrested
early today.
"We have a part confession, which
if it develops, may lead to the arrest
of the persons who were instrumental
in the bomb plot." said Captain of
Detectives John T. Sullivan today.
The department of justice at Wash
ington is co-operating with the state
authorities! in an investigation to de
termine if there is any federal juris
diction in tJie matter.
"It is time that a certain gang ot
assassins dwel.'ing In this city be
brought to justice," said Mayor Daniel
A. Hoan in a statement today. "No
expense or energy should be spared
in dealing with those who attempt to
terrorize the people and violate the
law."
' miles and three and a half miles from
1 the cl.y's gates. Just outside the city
jto the west and to the norili strong
I contingents of Turks are assembled
I to oppose a further advance.
To the northeast on the Mediterran
I enn coast, advanced patrols of the
British four miles north of Jaff have
been forced to give ground before a
Turkish attack.
EGYPT TROOPS ACTIVE.
LONDON. Nov. 26. A British state
ment concerning operations In Pales
tine says:
"O.ir mounted troops have captured
Bittir station and Ain Karim. three
and a half miles west of Jerusalem.
Strong bodies of Turks are holding the
high ground west of Jerusalem and
covering the Jerusalcm-Shechni road
! to the north."
I Another official statement dealing
'with the fighting in Palestine says:
I "General Allenby reports that his
'advanced partols, which had crossed
to the north bank of the Na.hr-el Aujel,
four miles north of Jaffa, have been
! pressed back by hostile infantry and
now rre holding the soutiiern bank Oi
the river and covering the crossings."
GOV
RHT OPERATION OE
RAILROADS GIVEN BY
EASTERN TIE UP OF TRAFFIC
RUSS CONGRESS
MEASURES DiTOTO1
I
(By Review Leased Wire)
COPENHAGEN, Nov. 26. If Russia
enters into separate peace negotiations
the ministers of the allied powers at
Petrograd will demand their passports,
according to a dispatch from Haparan
da. FETROURAD, Saturday. NVv. 24. A
congress of the second army, with one
dissenting vote, has adopted a resolu
tion approving all the measures pro
mulgated by the council of nationa:
commissioners, including the decree
for an immediate armistice and peace
and favoring the government cf the
workmen's and soldiers' delegates
Tne resolution appeals to all soldiers
not to support Premier Kerensky and
the provisional 'government generals
"against the people."
The most striking passage in the
resolution follows:
"The second army, with arms in its
hands, will defend the authority of
the w'jrkmens' and soldiers' delegates
and the national committee. At tne
first order of the military revolution
ary committee of the second army,
which is clothed with full power we
will advance as one man against coun
ter revolutionists in ;he rear as well as
at the front. 1 .
"On our part we are taking all meas
ures for the removal f counter-revolur
tionary movements from the command
ing personnel of the army, for the im
mediate democratization of the army
and in particular for the transfer of
the authority in the army to thje na
tive bodies."
SOLDIERS ARE HUNGRY.
LONDON. ..ov. 26. A belated dis
patch to Reuters Limited, from Petro
gard. dated November 21. says:
"Tha commanders at the front con
tinue to send in most ominous dis
patches concerning the exhaustion of
supplies and reports of forthcoming
hungry hordes of soldiers invading the
centers of population."
A dispatch to the Exchange Tele
graph from Copenhagen gives similar
reports. It says advices received from
Russia described the situation as more
desperate than ever, and assert that
the country is on the verge of a bloody
civil war.
According to this dispatch the Rus
sian newspaper. Volka Narodna, as
serts that the Russian armies on the
northern front .have for several days
been without food and that soldiers
daily are leaving the front in hundreds
or are dying in the trenches from cold
and hunger. The newspaper adds that
mutinies due to .hunger bave brcken
out on several parts of the line.
MINISTER RESIGNS.
PETROGRAD, Saturday. Nov. 24.
Rear Admiral Verderverskl, in an
nouncing his resignation as minister
of marines, gives as his reason lack
of sympathy witlr the course of the
government of the workmens' and sol
diers' delegates relative to an armis
tice. He however, exhorts his subord
inates to continue to carry on the
work of the department.
SIBERIA OBJECTS TO DECREE.
PETROGRAD. Nov. 26. The peasant
congress of the Tomsk government
(West Siberia) has sent a message
to the all-Rusfian confeernce of the
peasant council at Petrograd express-,
ing disapproval of Premiers Lenine's
land decree. The congress declares
that supervision of land affairs must
1 be lei t in the hands cf the peasant
congress until the constituent assem
bly meets.
EMPEROR'S BROTHER ARRESTED
LONIKN. Nov. 26.-rand l)uke
Michel Alexanderovitch. brother of the I
former emperor, according to a Petro-j
grad dispatch to the Times, has been '
arrested and imprisoned in Smolny '
institute, tbe headquarters of the 1
Bolshevik!. '
ADOPTS COUNCIL
A Patriotic Pledge
The following pledse submitted by the Executive Committee State
Teachers' association is being signed today by all the teachers attend
ing the institute here:
In this hour of national trial, realizing the great crisis in interna
tional affairs and all that it means to the present and future, cherished
ideals of liberty and democracy, and further feeling the high sense of
patriotic duties which I. as a director of the educational thought and
convictions of state and country, do freely indorse and support to the
full limit of my ability, and if need be. with my property and life,
the president and the congress of the United States in their efforts
to maintain the prestige of my country amongst the nations of the
world. Further realizing that ihe destiny of our nation rests with the
school teacher In the school rooms of America. I hereby solemnly
pledge that I will do all in my power and will take an active part, to
make a success of all Liberty Loan. Food Conservation. Y. M. C. A
Y. W. C. A. and Red Cross Campaigns, etc.. and to teach more efficient
ly than ever before, the true principles of democracy and patriotism.
Special Committee Appointed
to Sit at Pittsburg to Relieve
Traffic Conditions Special
Congressional Action May
Be Asked.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 26. Govern
ment operation of the railroads dur
ing tbe war loomed as an increasing
uossitility today in the minds of of
ficials who, with the railroad heads,
are trying to work out a plan for
relief of the eastern traffic situation.
Vice presidents of tbe eastern lines
met here today with members of the
railroad board and w'jrked on details
for a general pooling in the east of
as much of the entire trackage and
equipment as considered practicable.
They named a committee to be put
in full charge of the iool with A. W.
Thompson, vice president of tbe Bal
timore and Ohio, as chairman. Other
members are C. R. Gray, president of
the Western Maryland: A. T. Dice,
president of the Philadelphia and
Reading! P. E. Crowley, vice presi
dent of the New York Central Elisha
Lee, acting vice president of the Penn
sylvania Lines (east): G. L. Peck,
vice president of the Pennsylvania:
A. J. Stone, vice president of the Erie.
The committee will establish head
quarters in Pittsburgh and will sit
continuously until the present conges
tion is cleared. Its first meeting will
be held 'there -Wednesday. The pool
ing plan calls for a joint use of tracks,
locomotives, cars and employes in the
congested centers.
It will not be permitted to go so
far. even the railroad heads admit, a 4
to threaten the revenues of any lines
and this is tbe point advocates of
government operation emphasize as il
lustrating the need of government op
eration. Under government siioervi.s:
ion the roads could pool their profits
which, under the present circum
stances, would constitute a violatkvi
of the anti-trust act.
A pooling of profits would permit
of an actual operation of all linen as
one system and it would make little
difference whether one particular
property paid if the' roads as a wfco!
were making money.
Government operation along the
lines contemplated hy officials in fa
vor of it would net take the actual
operation from the bands cf those
now in charge of the roads. A Tail
road administrator, if named by the
president would be a leading railroad
man and no chanices would be made
in the management of individual lines.
Hut the railroad administrator, cloth
ed with the powers of the govern
ment, could take measures which the
rai'road war board fears to take be
cause of the nature of the anti-trust
laws, such as the eliminating of eo
ncnie weste due to parallel lines.
If government operation appears
wfse specill legislation may be asked
of congress, although some officials
think the president has ample powers
now under the defense act.
SOLDIERS' PRESENTS EXEMPT
(F.y Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. Nov. 26. The care com
mittee fur American soldiers and sail
ors, o' which Mrs. Robert P. Sinner.
wif of the American consul general
in London, is cheirman. announced to
day that the British government hai
relaxed the collection of customs on
dutyable articles, such as tobacro.
confectionery and similar articles and
on all parcels sent through the com
mittee to Americans in British hos
pitals or in Brtiish or Canadian re!-
ments.
STOCKMAN KILLED AND TWO
INJURED IN RAILROAD ACCIDENT
tBy Review Leased Wire
AMARILLO. Tex.. NJv. 2.-Elmer
Mason a stockman of Winslow. Ariz
was killed when an Atchison. Topeka
and Santa Fe local freight tratn
crashed into a stoc k .:rain at St. Fran
cis, four miles northeast of here ttvray.
John Woods, another stockman, lose
a leg and is In a serious condition and
A. D. Curtis, fireman, sustained a frac
ture of the ankle. TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 27, 1917.
NTRANCE
ON
SUBWAY
STREET
& S&s&f ATM
WEDNESDAY SALE
Fresh Carnations
10c
On Sale in The "ANNEX" Store
Wednesday, 9:30 A.M.,November28
PLEASE NOTICE! -
This week we will have our sale of fresh Carnations on
Wednesday morning instead of Saturday as i3 our usual
cutsora. We do this in order to give every one an op
portunity to secure fresh flpwers for Thanksgiving Day.
By reason of this there will be no sale of Carnations on
Saturday.
COME WEDNESDAY MORNING AT 9:30
Now Is a Good Time
To Treat Your Catarrh
Mild weather aid treatment.
Don't be misled into thinking that
your Catarrh is gone. The first touch
cf winter weather will bring it back
with all its discomforts.
But this is an excellent time to
thoroughly cleanse the blood of the
perms of , Catarrh, and be forever
rid of the troublesome sprays and
douches that can never cure you.
S. S. S., the great blood purifier,
searches out the nerms of Catarrh
WE liAilY ilEViav WA
r
Only 22 More Shopping Days
Between Now and Christmas.
Early Buying is Best.
r
PAY ME
1 i
This Store Welcomes the Cochise County Teachers
We most heartily welcome every one of you to Bisbee and to THE FAIR STORE in particular, and we invite
you as personally as we can to be at home with us and make this Store serve as a convenience to you while in the
city. Meet your friends here, use our telephones, look through the store, let the salespeople show you the new
merchandise, investigate the special prices we have for this week. Make yourself thoroughly at home and we
hope your time may be spent most pleasantly and profitably.
r
Ready
Fashioned from lustrous and beautiful fabrics and exclusive in style, these dresses will find instant favor
with all who appreciate the beautiful for party or evening wear. All the most wanted styles are shown in
profusion in this assortment. All the very be3t colors are represented and are calculated to meet the de
mands of the most exacting.
All the fashionable materials that make up dainty, fluffy gowns are prominent, such as Satin Duchess in
pastel shades, Malinette in rainbow effects', Shot Taffeta, Pompadour and Plain Satins, with Fish Net
trimmings in varigated colors.
Colors in Maize, Heliotrope, Tea Rose, Apricot, Flame, Watermelon, Pink and Pretty Shades of Blue.
Regular $25 Dresses .... . $19.75
Regular $29.50 and $27.50
Dresses at $22.35
Women's Afternoon and Street Dresses Specially Priced
These Dresses feature all the newer materials in both fancy colors and stripes. Georgette Crepes,
Stripe Taffetas, Crepe Meteor and Velvets. Notice the very unusual reductions:
$22.50 Dresses $16.90
$25.00 Dresses $18.75
$29.50 Dresses ......S22.15
Very Special Values In Serge Dresses
We want you to see these Serge Dresses, as we believe they will exactly fit into your ideas of pretty and
serviceable dresses for this season of the year. These were bought at a special reduction, and will lie
soM at a third less than their real wcrth. They are in excellent quality serge, and serge and satin com
binations, in mostly navy blue color. Some have high waist lines, colors of self material and satin com
binations. Worth regular up "to $22.50, special price $12.45
M
-r
REAR
OF
MAIN
B'JitDIMC
Per
Doz.
which infest your blood, and chases
them entirely out of your svstem. It
is by far the most satisfactory treat
ment for the disease, because it
reaches down to its very roots and
pets at the cause. Write to-day for
full information, and expert medical
advice regarding the treatment of
your own case. Take advantage of
this chance to-day. Address Swift
Specific Co, Dept. G Atlanta,
Ga.
HI Auiriiiiino RESULT
or
: :
-to-Wear Specials for InstituteWeek
Special Prices on Evening Dresses
Regular $32.50 Dresses . ..$24.65
Regular $35.00 Dresses ..$26.25
Regular $39.50 Dresses $29.65
$35.00 Dresses $26.25
$3730 Dresse $28.15
$40.00 Dresses $30.00
Millinery Specials- for
This Week "
Te have arranged for this week a most flattering
isplay of handsome Millinery, and attached sharply
educed prices to every lot. Included are all our fine
ureet and dress bats, in large, medium and small
lodelK, small, close lifting styles for Suit wear, in
eautiful all silk velvets, panne velvets, velours and
plutshes. These arc in all the best colors, handsomely
rimmed In many clever ways. Specially reduced for
his week as follows:
$15 to $18 30 Model and Pattern Hats $9.95
"10 and $12.50 hats at $7.95
$7.50 to $8.50 Hats at $4.95
AMERICAN SAILORS
RESCUE WOUNDED
SEAMEN FROM SUB
(By Review Leased Wire)
BASE OF THE AMERICAN FI
T1LLA IN BRITISH WATERS, Nov.
26. It now fa permissible to give the
details of the capture by Americans
of the entire crew of a U-boat that
was sunk by depth charges. The ex
plosives had disabled the U-boat and
forced it down, bumping along the
bottom of the -sea and striking terror
to the hearts of tbe crew. Then the
comm..ider, 1 norder to lighten her,
emptied tbe tanks.
To the great relief of the crew, the
U-boat responded and arose to the
surface with such a rush that some
of tbe Germans were thrown about
and injured. The U-boat appeared on
'he surface within several hundred
feet of an American destroyer. The
submarine batch flew open and the
Germans scrambled out of the con
ning tower, ready to swim for it. They
lined up along the narrow deck with
bands in the air shouting:' "Karup
erad!" The U-boat remained stationery and
the destroyer moved close up and
heaved a line which the Germans
made fast. This was no sooner done
than it became apparent that the
crew bad succeeded in opening the
sea cocks, for the submarine began
to settle, at first slowly, then more
rapidly. As she did so the Germans
leaped into the water and swam to
ward the iestroyer. Some of the
American sailors jumped into theea
to rescu e the injured.
As the last German was aboard
the destroyer, the hawser attached to
the U-boat parted under the strain
and the U-boat disappeared.
All the Germans were given steam
tnsr hot coffee and dry clothing and
were otherwise made comfortable for
the run to the base. But one of their
number,, a machinist, had suffered
"roat'y from shock and exposure and
died on the wa. He was buried with
'ull military honors from the deck of j
the destroyer, the American com-
mander ornciatlng at wnai was mo
first funeral' service so far held in
this war on an American destroyen
When the destroyer reached her
baes. the prisoners were almost whol
ly clad in American naval outfits.
They appeared specially fond of the
American shoes, which were the first
they had ever worn.
BELGIANS CREDIT EXTENDED
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 26. Secretary
McAdcV today announced another
credit to Belgium of J7.500.00O making
the total credits t'J Belgium -$65,900,-000
and the total to all the allies, $3,
883,900,000. Regular $42.50 Dresses ..... $31.90
Regular $45.00 Dresses $34.75
$42.50 Dresses
$45.00 Dresses
$5000 Dresses ...
$3J.95
,. $34.75
$37.50
Here Are Special Waist Values
For Institute Week
You cannot judge the beauty and quality of these Waists hy ,
this price we quote, for quite contrary to the smallness of
price, they are of excellent quality, handsomely made in new
est styles. Fashioned from Crepe de Chine, tieorgelte Crepe
and Tarfeta Silks in plain colors and fancies, plaids and
stripes. Some- are strictly Tailored, others have hand 'Em-
broidery and Beads combined With pretty Filet and Venisc
Laces. Large sailor collars, good range oi colors in Flesh,
Maize, Navy, White and handsome combinations
of stripes and plaids. All are our regular
$7.50 Waists
ALIEN INSURANCE
COMPANIES WILL BE
FORCED OUT OF U. S.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 26. Secre
tary McAdoo decided today under the
trading with the enemy law the busi
ness of all insurance companies in
corporated in Germany or ''ally of en
emy countries" is to be liquidated
with the exception of life insurance
companies which are. allowed to con
tinue existing contracts.
The insurance companies are ex
pected to wind op their affairs imme
diately, either by transferring rinks
to other concerns or cancelling out
standing policies by refunding part
of the premium. Their aggregate busi
ness is estimated at less than 1 pet
cent of the total insurance business
in the United States, however, and
the liquidation probably will not ma
terially disturb the insurance situa
tion. The principal direct writing enemv
companies doing business in the
United States and their risks are the
Aachen and Munich Fire Insurance
company, $264,000,000; Hamburg-Bremen
Fire insurance company. $207,
000,000; Norddutche Insurance com
pany. $129,000,000, and the Prussian
National Insurance company $225,
000,000. , The leading re-insurance companies,
enemy and ally of enemy are:
Balkan National Insurance com
pany, Bulearian. with risks of $261,
000,000; Bulgaria First National In
surance company, $233,000,000; Co
logne Re-insurance company, German
$204,000,000; Frankona Re-Insurance
company, German. $138,000,000; In'er
nstlonal Re-assurance company. Aus
trian, $110,000,000; Munich Re-insurance
company, German, $964,000,006;
South German Re-Insurance company
German, $111,000,000.
The total assets of these companies
Is $28,000,000 and their risks $2,853,
000 000. ' .
In a recent hearing before Secre
tary McAdoo, Insurance men oppos
ing the enemy companies argued mm.
they have facilities for obtaining in
formation on the construction of many
industrial plants of value to enemy
agents.
Officers of the companies scouted
the suggestion that they were dan
gerous to the nation's safety and cited
the records of their leaders to show
they were patriotic American citizens.
Lowell Camp No. 46, W. O. W. will
give a Thanksgiving dance, Thursday.
November 29. at Brophy hall. Good
music, and everybody Invited. 359
Adv-359
Approximately 360 drafted Arizonans
in the 340th Field Artillery were trans
ferred to fill vacancies at Camp Pike,
Ark.
Christmas Stocks are Rapidly
Getting Ready. Many are
Ready Now for Early Selection
$5.45
AMERICAN INDUSTRY
MUST BE QUICKENED
TO FULL STRENGTH
NEW YORK, Nov. 26. American
Industries must be stimulated to high !
production and America's foreign
trade must develop to enable ( hi
country to use its full strength in win-;
ning the war, declares the national
foreign trade council In a report sub- i
mitted today to President Wilson. j
"Practically all the money in the,
allied portions of the world and most
of that held by neutrals, in time, can
be made available for our war emeng- j
encies if our production constantly j
provides a proper basis for foreign j
rade," says the council. j
The report was prepared by Lewis j
E. Pierson, chairman of the board of :
directors of the Irving National bank)!
of New York. It will be submitted ;
to the ways and means committee of j
the bouse of representative and to!
the finance committee of the senate. I
It was drawn up in an effort by the j
council to aid the government in the I
fixing of commodity prices and in the J
taxation of business profits. These)
problems are described by the coun
cil as perhaps the most serious and
difficult the government has ever en
countered in Its relation to business
interests.
Asserting that In an ideal plan for
price fixing and profit taxing, hgh
production and not low prices should
be tbe controlling consideration the
report says:
"If the final determination of the
war is to be measured to any 'consid
erable extent by the relative economic
power of the belligerents and, of
course,' It will be os measured the
existence of the things which money
can buy will be of far greater im
portance than the possession of money
itself."
Tbat leads up to the statement that
most of the money in the allied and
neutral world can be made available
for our emergencies by proper main
tenance of foreign trade. For it is
foreign trade, says the report, that
"is the source from which the greater
portion of our gold must come. an1
from which our national gold reserve
will flerive its greatest security. For
eign trade also provides the possi
bility of keeping the entire national
energy at all times employed in profit
able production by creating a foreign
demand for predicts for which there
would be no demand at home.
Effectiveness of American partici
pation in the war. says the national
foreign trade counrji demands the
maintenance of production in prac
tically all lines at the maximum ca
pacity, and the maintenance of for
eign trade during the war is a most
efficient means of preventing dsturb
ance of credit, insuring funds with
which to meet the needs of govern
ment in taxation or loans; stablizing
conditions of industry and maintain
ing the economic structure of the na-
tion.
For these reasons the council
' recommends to the administraton and
j congress the co-ordination of its ef-
forts at price fixing and taxation upon
principles that will stimulate produc
I tion. insure tbe fullest maintenance
; of foreign trade and so provide a
' steady source of funds for the vigor
ous prosecution of the war. The "only
really big thing in the world today."
eontlnues the report, "is to win the
; war." In winning the war, the big
; 'hings apart from securing the fight-
ing men, are "to produce and con
serve." In .such a situation we should
not "become so obsessed with the
' idea of the value of money as to be
blind to the value of other things."
The part which money plays is not
-if the greatest importance.
"It is easy to imagine condition
'n which no amount of money would
secure the men and materials neces
sary in an emergency it is hardly
possible to imasvne a condition in
the securing ol the men and materials
required would depend entirely upon
'.he povession of money. We firmly
believe that it is only by careful and
faithful application of sound economic
principles that we ran carry through
successfully the enoriuous'burden laid
tpon us."
Newsprint Trust
Is Dissolved By
Court Decision
(By Review Leased Wire)
..NEW YORK, Nov. 26. With the as
sent of the government the Newsprint
Manufacturers association, which rep
resent about 85 per cent of the print
paper production of the United States
and Canada, was dissolved here today !
as an unlawful combination in re j
straint f trade in violation of the
Sherman anti-trust act. I'niler this!
decree, signed by United States Judj;e:
Mayer, and which the defendants'
counsel said was accepted hy the ac
cused men because of patriotic mo
tives, evidence will be adduced before
the federal trade commission with a
view to flxing paper prices by the
commission.
Pending the commission's decision
(ho price of paper is fixed at three
cents a pound. This contract, of
which the United States attorney gen
eral is the trustee, is understood to be
satisfactory to the American newspa
per publishers' association, the mem
bers of which are included in the con
sumers of paper.
REVIEW WANT .OS
BRING RESUL rt
ALLEN'S FOOT-EASE DOES IT.
When your ihoc pinch or your rorni and ban.
Ions sehe o that yon arc tired all over, set A Urn a
Foot -Eae. the antiwptte powder to he ahnkrn
iototheaaoi-aandapritiklediDthefopuNitb. It will
take (he etioe out of coroa and buoiona and rive
Invtant relief to Tirrd, Arbtoc, Nwollro, Tru.f
Wl. Over 10o.ini parkai-faere hnnir & nr On
tier man and AIM troop at tile fmtit. bed
vervo hare, gSc. lAw t antpf v$ tiiti.u.
r
Have you
Noticed
That There Are More
of Our Signs on New
Houses All 'the Time?
WHY!
Because they figured
with US. Insist that
your contractor figure
with US before you let
your job. .
You can buy no better
material or for less
money anywhere.
Gibson-Hides
Lumber Co.
J.W.F Smitli.ltlgr. PioncSS
GUARD YOUR
HEALTH!
Use Pasteurized Cream and Milk
At Your Grocers.
The Pure Milk Depo
Johnson Bldg, Main St
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
CATARRH
OF THE
BLADDER
Ealieied In
24 Hours
Each Caiv N
sola btrs tiie Minvl
tumor cr ornnmiu
VtVvWtVVWVVtVWtWvV
CHICHESTER S PILlS
yearknowai Best, S-f-t. Always fcetiattt
C-4 llktcfllm.4llr.4A
iKjirA VIII. I Kr4 I lcU inlllicV
7; s Wl T.ka MKkn 31-, ,f,, V
.V " ht
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspendents: Paine, Weber A Co, Boston, Duluth, Calumet.'
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO. ,
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best oi everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$ 1 0 by the week
Henry Poppen, Manager.
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL MARKS. MGR.
LOWELL
l
J. B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
SUITS
MADE
TO
ORDER
Remember, these suits
are made from genuine
$25 materials.
Every thread guaran
teed Strictly All Wool
with a satisfactory fit or
your money back.
WE MAKE A SPECIALTY Of
LADIES' ALTERATIONS.
D. H. Evans
BREWERY GULCH
Opposite Uncle Jim's
Closing Out Odds and Ends
IN
Men's Suits
$12 to $15 Values Now
$6.95
CARD & CO. 20 Brewery Brick
EYE NERVE GLASSES
3tndy and much re-
m' search work since
1892, la the cause of
my successful practice
I In Bisbee. Dr. R.
! Glaze. Neutrologlst.
Room 1. Maze Bldg., Phone, Office
! 156. Residence. Black 420.
:
I Telephone 446
A Phone Call Will Bring Us.
LOS ANGELES JUNK SHOP
Highest Cash Prices Paid For
Metals. Rubber, Rags, Sacks, Bottles,
Bones. Iron, Hides, Pelts, etc
HOROWITZ BROTHERS, Proprietors
Lowell, Arizona.
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
VYaTXINS & BERGQU1ST
Jewelers and Opticians
I Th, HALLMARK Store
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
GOOD LUMBER IS AT THE
BOTTOM
of our success. Low prices may
help some, but it's the fine qual
ity of our lumber -that brings
our customers back time and
aain. It pays us to sell good
lumber. It will pay you better
to buy it. It lasts longer and
Is more satisfactory to work np.
Try us with an order and youll
come back when you want more.
Company. inc
CAR STOP.
PHONE 25.
A-jcgo
WlllToS20 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 27, 1917.
THREE
-Victor Records-
for
fV Christmas
Tb lnittumer.c
illnMratrd i
Victrom IX. $ 0
In every "Victrola home" some new Victor
Records for Christmas will add immeasurably to
the joy of the Holidays.
The variety and completeness of our stock of
Victor music assures our patrons of getting just
what they want.
In addition to the general records we offer a
fine choice of special Christmas music, including
many of the compositions whose lofty and en
nobling beauty has won them immortality. We
Lave a complete list of this music which you may f
Mve for the asking.
Visit us today and hear any records that
appeal to you.
Victors and Victrplas $10 to $400.
SOUTHERN ARIZONA
HAS THEM ALL BEAT
L. D. CLARK SAYS
SUFFERED WITH
RHEUMATISM, CATARRH
AND STOMACH TROUBLE
Y.W.C.A. PLANS TO
RAISE $4,000,000
FOR WOMEN WORKERS
"I think Number 40 For The Blood
as a blood purifier has no equal. When
I began to take Number 40 I was in
very poor health as I had Rheumatism,
Calarrh, Stomach Trouble. Lead Pois
oning and an Itch that I had tried al-
In a drive for $1,000,000 .'.he Y. W.
C. A. enters the home stretch. The
V. M. C. A. raised $35,000,000 for the
war fund for workers and soldiers, and
the Y. W. C. A. would raise one-ninth
of that sum for the women workers
enlisted in a hundred forms of endea
most every known remedy to no avail. vor behind the battle lines.
1 have taken six fjule.s and am on a ! Secretary Julia T. Lee of the nation
fast road to recovery. I owe my life j al council, w ill be here today to tell
to Number 40 as I used to weigh 127 Bisbee men and women of this
pounds and now weish 148, my usual , great work. th need of it, ih wcp
weight I could write more but this is j of it, the value of it to the cor. s try
enough to convince the mont skeptical j at large,
and you are at liberty to use this let- Girls' Work
ter anyway you desire," Gt'j. Klinker, ; Forty-six centers of work lor j,.r!s
Lima, Ohio. j in communities adjacent to armv an.i
The ingredients in N&mber 40 For : navy camps have been furnished with i
The 'Blood are set down In the l S. 65 specially chosen workers. These
Dispnsa:ory and other reliable med- have formed numerous clubs and cir
icalVbooks as follows: "Employed in cles of younger girls who are tallied
diseases of the glandular system, in to patriotic service through channels
blood poison, constipation, st'Jinach and of expression sui ed to their youth and
iiver troubles, chronic rheumatism, ca-: enthusiasm. Red CYjss activities, care
tarrh, sores, ulcers, fkin eruptions, for orphans of Belgium and France,
mercurial and lead poisoning, ruder physical exercise carefully supervi.--.ej
its use nodes, tumors, scrolulous swell- and directed, and a high code of div
ings that have with stAd all other nity and honor are proving safeguards
treatment disappear as if by magic." - to the dangers incident to the depar
Soid exclusively in Bisbee at Central ture from our usual social restraints,
Tharmacy, opposite Orpheum. In Lo-. a condition due to war times.
well by Lowell Drug Co., in Douglas by :
Owl Drug Co. Adv. ,
Hostes Houses
There are in the United States near-
Lawrence D. Clark, city editor of
The Review, is visiting his home folks
In Las Vegas, New Mexico, and writes
back to a member of The Review s aff
something Of the way every wanderer
from the old borne feels after a long
absence, but which few can place in
words. In part, Mr. Clark says:
"This is surely a busy place. The
streets are wide and sometime in the
middle of the day one meets a pedes
trian. He is sauntering along in an
easy going manner with some destina
tion in mind, undoubtedly. I went into
a barber shop :his afternoon and all
of the three gentlemen of the rav.ir
were pitching pennies at a crack. If
it were not for my father's automo
bile and several of my friends I think
I would expire. I l ave been used to
Bisbee and its activity and this yeis
on my nerves.
"The country, according to informa
tion 1 receive, is burning up. It loDks
like : always did to me, brown at this
season .f the year and green in the
summer time. The stock, in the sur
rounding country is greatly in need of
range grass. If there are any farms
in the neighborhood I haven't had
them pointed out to me so far.
"On the other hand, the scenes ot
my boyhood are again brought to no
mind. 1 see places that are mos: fa
miliar. They bring to memory cer
tain 'little' things w h i-c h such
men as Eugene Field have immortal
ized. We have our 'Buena' park,
where youngsters' feet trod, years ago,
and still do. I can recall the old home
place, now changed and sold by my
father, and imagine myself back in its
great barn, playing with one of the
several of my 'bench legged Fyces' that
I cherished and buried wh great
mock, pomp and ceremony upon their
departure from this vale of tears.
"One 'jf the pleasant features of my
trip was the reunion of the family. 1
find that I have a fine, big nephew
two years old who speaks with, no
impediment in his voice and declares
that his uncle is a pretty good indi
vidual. I realize 'that he may change
his mind, but he purchases my good
will, much candy and anything else he
wants by his present opinion. It does
seem good to be back with my pe'jplc,
even for so short a time. I saw ray
brother one day and then he left foi
San Francisco, his home and head
quarters. We had a good visit, con
sidering the time at hand.
"Tomorrow I am going to make aa
auton.'jbiie trip into i:he eastern part
of the state with several friends. 1
will so 3 the sheep ranch on which I
passed many sunny moments when a
boy. I shall also see some real good
ccun r and hope to kill some quail.
"Arizona has its handicaps. Ei.sbee
has its troubles and many other com
plaints can be legitimately registered
again.;: the state and community. All
.n ail, however, give me Southern Ari
.Vna to this or any other part of the
country that I know anything about."
ty one hundred military camps and
i:Uoninents. During the five njiuhs.
i hostess houses for women have been
I constructed, or authorized for con
struction, in or near 34 of the cuu.ps.
These hostess h'juses serve as the
meeting place for the families and
friends of the soldiers who are wait
lng Co take the place on the battle-
fields of France. Already they fcave
served as places of joy and of sorrow, I
as refuges from distress and aa bu
; reas of information when women
, come, as some do, with no knowledge
'of their soldier man save his name!
Each house is provided with a hostess,
a director, a cafeteria director and
with an emergency worker.
XMAS BOXES MUST POPULAR DOCTOR TO
EE SHiPPED AT ONCE! VISIT HERE TWICE
Christmas boxes intended for mem-1
EACH WEEK; STATED
bers of the expeditionary forces in Ku-!
rope must be at liob-oken, N. J., forj The Copper Queen hospital and its
overseas shipment not later than De-patients will not lose the SPrvirPS of
cember 5. There will be no charge ithat eminent sun-eon. Dr.-or rather
for tran.sp'jrta(-ion from that point to !,,. . ...
their destination. : Wells Fargo & Co. I Major R E' Shinfi' entire'y- at Ieast
have just issued a circular detailing 1 for a whlle' M4jor Shine expecU to
an agreement by the Company, the war spend Saturday and Sunday of every
department and the postoffice depart i week in BtsbeG anl at the hospital
ment for the forwarding, re-routing ' on d"1? 88 lon as nR !s at tne hea4
and shipment of all mail and express jof "", Kovernment's advisory board,
matter for ultimate delivery to mem-ifor Arizona. After the entire draft
bers of the expeditionary army. This!"88 oecn PaRSpd upon in a medical
arrangement does not apply to ship- 'y. Major Shine does not know
ments for the Red Cross, the Y. M. C. hp, he w" be calied or what line
A., the Knights of Columbus and of.er "f duty he will be assigned to per
organizations "juuside the army. i form.
Boxes are limited to a weight of .20 I'pon his appointment to the office
pounds; they must not measure more of major in the V. S. medical corps,
than two cubic feet, must be of wood ; I Dr. Shine was called to Washington
should have a hinged or screw top to ; along with one medical officer from
facilitate opening for inspection. The i each state, to confer in regard to
smaller packages will receive first at-1 a more efficient organization and con
tention, jduct of examinations of drafted men.
The t'Jxes mua: bear the legend, 'lie returned Saturday. A medical ad
"Christmas Box;" must have the nam I visory board for each state was the
and address of the sender in the. u-r-j result. All appeals from county
per left hand, corner. In the lower, boards go direct to this board. Major
left hand corner must be designed the j shine has not left the Queen but has
character of the contents. Then the! secured a leave or absence for the
address of the person to whom sent, term of his war services. Dr. George
the number of his regiment uid , A Bridge, will have charge of the
-American EpedUonary Forces." ThejQueen hospital work during the ma
package is to be sent in care "Com-1 jor.g abspnce. Dr. V. L. Brown of El
manding General, Hoboken, N. J." The Pago wi take charpe of Major
Contents will be inspected. ! shine's El Taso and Southwestern
There are certain messages that!niedj(al WOfk
may be written or printed on the box.! It ,s expected that an advisory
McNeal Notes
M'N'EAL. Nov. l!6. A new pumping
plant is being installed on the ranch
of George Hansen, four miles west A
McNeal.
Garnett Caldwell, who works for the
MtNVul Mercantile company, wa mar
ried last week to Miss Rhoda Van
Cleave of Bisbee.
The Ladies' Aid society of McNeal
are doing much work for the Red
Cross. They meet every week now
and gather the work they have been
doinr.
I The children of the McNeal school
held very interesting Thanksgiving
I exercises at the school house Friday
evening. Principal llarrell U now ar
I ranging to have a play staged ahout
I Christmas time.
McNeal-is '.he bean center of the
valley. Over two carloads of bacs
have been marketed through this point
this season. There are about 10 car
loads of beans in the valley irom 'nU
year's crop. Many of them have not
yet been threshed, aa the farmers are
waiting for the late market.
medical board will sit in several of
the state's centers of population dur
ing the period of calling the draft.
Railroad facilities, population and loca-
such as "Merry Christmas," "Happy
New Year." " With Eest Wishes," "Do
Not Open Until Christmas," etc. All ;
boxes must be way billed to Hoboken. '
. , . , . , tion will determine these places,
be sent are intoxicants, poisons, fric-i
tion matches or composition which j
may injure another jr damage other' j "V
goods. The shipment of Christmas j (OCtllSC KOUJliy
boxes may be made now at any time. rn l t j.
! Teachers Meet
Here This Week
Bisbee Man Is
Given Commission
Carl Cock of this city, who went to
the officers' training camp at Leon
Backache of Wo:
How this Woman Suffered
and Wa3 Relieved.
Fort Fairfield, Maine. ! For many
months I suffered from bacbich3 caused
ly female troubles so I v.-as uur.llc to do
my house worl I took trcatcr.?ntj for it
but received no help v.! ;;t?v-r. Thc:i
come of Eiy friends asked vrl.yl ul.l not
try Lydia E. Pinkharr.; Yc gota'lo Com
pound. I did so and my l.p.el.aeho soon
disappeared and I feit a c ilTcrent
woman, and now Lave a healthy LiLtia
baby girl and do all my house work. I
will always prai.se Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetabk Compound to women who suf
fer as I di.L Mrs. Ai.ru: D. Oakes,
Fort Fairfield, Maine.
,
The Best Remedy is
LIMA E. PI
.Ml I.Miiilft
MKHAM S
VEGETABLE COMPOUND
wijm
LYDIA E.PINKHAM MEDICINE CO. LYMM. MAS. 1
T im II i ml
Oer three hundred teichers from
Cochise county are here for the an
nual teachers' institute, which opened
yesterday morning at 9 o'clock at the
SDrincs. has been rnmmlRcinnprt aalhigh school. It is doubtful If there
a first class lieutenant with a number! 's a teacher in the county not includ
of others at the close of the cammed in the attendance.
last week. Among the other Cochise Ml.3 Elizabeth McCrickett and H.
county boys to be honored are G. T.jQ- Robertson, the latter president of
Rives and A. R. Spikes of Douglas. (the State Teachers' association, had
Two of the seven captains of Infantry j "charge" of the program yesterday,
to be commissioned today are from : The program published in yesterday
Arizona. Edwin M. LeRaron of Mesa : morning's paper was carried out.
and Frank C. Blodgett of Kineman. i The afternoon was taken up by Miss
The following from all over the state : McCrickett, Dr. F. T. Wright, Mr.
will be ranked as first lieutenants: I Robertson and-Arthur Chamberlain.
G. C. Bassell, Winslow; S. Z. Ken-' Chamberlain, who is the pub-
neth and B. Brown, Tucson; C. H. Stud- lisher of the Sierra Educational News,
ley, Hcyden; A. I. Winsett. Tucson; i of San Francisco, will be here through
Gerald Jones, Tucson; J. W. Hughes, the meetings. Yesterday afternoon
Tucson; L. M. McKinley, Phoenix; Ljhe delivered a lecture on "How to
H. Moore, Edward T. Gushee and Lyle Teach Partiotism Effectively." present
Abbott, Prescott; S. B. Brasellon, C. S.; 'us and explaining the pledge, printed
Stephens, G. T. Rives, Douglas; M. B. In another part of this paper, which
Blome, Flagstaff; John L. Sullivan,! the institute has indorsed. Mr.
Jerome; M. S. Braneen, Phoenix; W.1 Chamberlain will deliver two addresses
M. Balfour, Duncan; Harry S. Wilson,' daily during the remaining period of
Williams. j the session. He will also lecture to-
C. A. Borden of Jerome, W. A. Cum-' morrow night at the high school audi
mer of Phoenix, A. T. Laprade, Flag-1 toriutn. The public is Invited to be
staff, A. R. Spikes, Douglas, and O. H. 1 present at this session.
Wilson of Prescott, were made second Last night a dinner, and afterward,
lieutenants. at ths high school, a reception and
Among the men commissioned In the dance, were given to the visitors by the
rield artillery are H. B. Linney, Pres- Bisbee teachers and the board of trus
cott; Ed. Carson, Tempe; "Pitcher" tees.
Dent, Hayden; Claude Dectur Jones,
Phoenix, and Carl Cock, Bisbee.
The honor of ranking captain in the
field artillery was won by another
Arizona man, Ralph, of Nogales.
THE PIE SHOP.
(Opposite Masonic Temple.)
On Wednesdays (wheatless days)
try our corn bread and Fridays' (meat
less days) oyster patties. At any and
L. L. Gilman, sells the New Edison, all times, see us for home made cooked
"the phonograph with a soul." pastries. Adv-83
; The many valley farmers, who eu
to the state fair at Phoenix laa: week,
Jiave returned and are pitching fn wita
renewed vigor, more pleased than ever
with their McNeal farms.
Frank L. Holt has sold bis farm to
Charles M. Jones. Mr. Holt will leave
with his family for the east in a short
time. Mrs. Holt and the children are
in California at the present time.
More farmers are buying autM and
trucks. Ed. Martin, Artie Bitlow,
John Mortenson and George H. Kelly
are driving new machines. The Mc
Neal farmer with a pumping plant and
an auto are sure in the money class
this season.
Expert paper nanger ana painter. C
J. Brandt Phone 456. Box 150. 6 SO
PRIVATE SANITARIUM.
Call Black 573 for terms, etc.
Advertisement-974
' Deafness Cannot Be Cured
y lord applications, aa they caanol rcfe
ha diavaa-d portion of tb mr. Thr i
only n way to cura demfaraa. an4 that m
by onarituttonal r.nc41 Dcafneaa la
canard ?.jr an mftamrd coitdittoa af lfcc ra
coua llnins of tho Kuatachlma Tuba. Wars
Itaia tuba la Inflamed you bav a rambling
sound or tmprrfect hearing, and wsn It la
atireljr closrd. Drafnras la taa raault. and
ttn Iraa th InflammaticA taa bo taken oat
and thla tubo reatorrd lo Ita normal condi
tion, hearing- will bo deatroyed forover: dim
caaea out of tea tit caused by Catarrh,
which la aothlnc but aa Inflamed coadiUoa
af tho macoua aurfacc'
Wo will le. One Hundred Dollar for any
raao ot Deafneoa fcauaed by catarrh that
cannot be cured by Haifa Catarrh Cura.
Send fcr rlrrulara. Tree.
F. J. CHESTY CO.. Toledo. Oh la.
"old by Drucaiata. "ic.
Take Hall a family Fills foi couatipatioa.
Fish Headquarters!
FRESH ARRIVALS THROUGHOUT THE WEEK
DAILY DELIVERIES TO ALL PARTS OF THE WARREN DIST.
v MONEY SAVING PRICES
Per. Lb.
Whole
Salmon 30
Halibut 172
Barracuda 17Vas
Yellowtail 17!2
Mackerel 17j2
Rock Bass.... 17J2
Per Lb.
Sliced
25
20
20
20
TOYREA'S
BISBEE PHONE 14
LOWELL PHONE 51
Made in October
DECEMBER
srffljwNjTUE jwaj-nwirai SAT
J4 5 J
25i2427i28'2$Vl
The taste they owe
to Father Time.
(Fruit Cake and Meflow.Cigaw)
The Xmas fruit cake tastes so
much better when made about
October 1st. For time alone can
blend the delicate flavor of those
subtle spices, those varied rich in
gredients. And the OWL Cigar you will
smoke today began its journey to
mellow fragrance some 18 months
or so ago. For Time alone can mel
low tobacco to the OWL fragrance
point. Yes, friends, time -curing is the
secret of OWL fragrance. Time
curing of at least $1,000,000 worth
of selected leaf. For to insure that
every OWL Cigar is made only
from leaf "ready" in mellow fra
grance requires that we keep on hand
always $1,000,000 worth of selected
leaf, and often more. And OWL fra
grance requires that expert judges
of curing watch over this great leaf
store with keen eyes born of long
experience.
OWL time-curing is the OWL
fragrance-pledge. Buy an OWL
Cigar and see how well it keeps its
pledge for you.
THE MILLION DOLLAR CIGAR
Your friends in
the trenches or the
turrets will find
Owls dependable.
Showing exact size
fthe fragrant. J
mellow OWL .M
Branded :
for
your protection
M. GUNST, Branch
LOCAL DISTRIBUTOR
-- -
v FOUR
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 27, 1917.
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company.
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
nse for republication of all news dispatches credited to
it or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
BRANCH CONNECTING ALL DEPARTMENTS.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1S79.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH I -75
THREE MONTHS 2.25
SIX MONTHS 00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year : 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter .75
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department , No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor if the irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger Service
applies to Bisbee only.
Tuesday Morning, November 27, 1917.
sura of the management of the allied offensive. He was
somewhat scornful of America's long-continued neutrality,
but was enthusiastic in his welcome wheu the United
States entered the war.
"Unremitting, redoubled and supreme energy in war"
is the platform upon which Clemenceau, the new French
premier, assumes his office.
Some radical holding forth in the sessions of the
American Federation of Labor convention, recently de
clared that unless the lumber workers were recognized
by the federation and given the eight-hour day they would
go to the 1. W. W. to get it They will also go to jail
and get a twenty-four-hour day.
Still the British figh: on. They have taken Bourlon
Wood and village, the keys to CambraL First they beat
the Germans in a surprise attack and then they out
gamed them in a five-day continuous battle for vital
positions. If General Byng will only keep on "binging"
them we will have a glorious Thanksgiving Day in the'
IT. S. A.
Clemenceau
For the second time in his sensational career, Georges
Clemenceau is Premier of France. But this is the first
time, in all his record as a "destroyer" of other men's
power, that he has himsell replaced the Premier whom he
overthrew. The New York Times has the following
article about this remarkable man:
Some time before Clemenceau was first made Prime
Minister of France he was 65 years old when, in 1906.
that honor came to him a friend asked him how many
Ministries he had destroyed. He replied pleasantly that
he was quite unable to remember. -
Many men have risen and fallen from power since
then, and Clcmenceau's hand has lost none of its cun
ning. The "torabeaur des Ministeres," they have called
him for years in Paris the overthrower of Ministries.
And now, after a period of comparative quiet, at the age
of 76, he has emerged from something that must have
seemed to him almost obscurity, and wrecked a Cabinet
again. It was Clemenceau who began the Parliamentary
attack against "Boioisin," and it was on that issue that
M. Painleve fell.
A master of epigram, Clemenceau has made his phrases
as much feared as his arguments. In his adventurous
political career he has e'.?o won a number of sobriquets
for himself. "The Overthrower of Ministries" has been
the most persistent of his nicknames. "The Tiger" is
another title that has been bestowed upon Clemen
ceau. "The Kingmaker" has been a phrase frequently
used in reference to his career, but that one is not exactly
descriptive, for he has unmade rulers more often than
he has advanced them. Other nicknames are "The Stormy
Petrel of French Politics" and the "Red Indian." And
there was a time years ago in France when his political
enemies cast at him the epithet, "Yankee Schoolmaster,"
in allusion to his residence and activities in the United
States.
Clemenceau's father was imprisoned by Napoleon III,
at the time cf the coup d'etat that destroyed the Second
Republic, and the son has been a true child of the Rev
olution. It is characteristic of him that he supported Gen
eral Boulanger as long ac he believed him to be working
in the interests of the republic, and that when the "Man
on Horseback" was seen to be scheming for the return
of the Bourbons, (Jlemenceau rose up and drove him from
power. - i
Before he was 20 Georges was thrown into prison for
shouting "Vive la Repuhlique!" on the streets of Paris,
in the midst of the celebration of one of the imperial an
niversaries. He served his term in jail, and then, practi
cally an exile, be came to America.
Between 1865 and 1S69 he lived in this country, chief
ly in New York and in Stamford, Conn.
While he was in office the most important thing that
happened was the great miners' strike, which the Social
ists organized. Knowing his revolutionary tendencies,
the miners expected his sympathy, especially when he
went personally to investigate their complaints. Bui
with the first outbreak of violence 'lemenceau became
a ruler of iron. The soldiers were cal.ed out and thj
riots were put down. Clemenceau found himself attacked
by the Socialists am involved in a personal controversy
with Juares. But h n lie asked the latter whether he. in
a position of authority, would have acted differently, the
Socialist leader was unable to reply.
In 1912 be overthrew .Caillaux's Ministry. In 1913 be
wrecked Brand's Cabiuet on the issue of proportional
representation. He started a new paper. L'Homme Libre.
When the present war began he entered the Vivianl
Ministry. For some timo he was Chairman of the Parlia
nientary Committee on the Army.
His patriotism is well known, but he has never hesitat
ed in the midst of the sirens of war to argue, criticise, and
actually attack where he believed that a need for opposi
tion existed. In September, 1914. he published in his
paper which he had moved to Toulouse a plea for
preferential treatment for German prisoners from Alsace.
For this his journal was ordered suspended for eight
days. Clemenceau did iot stop publication. He changed
the" name of bis paper L'Homme Libre. (The Free Man.)
to L'Homme Knchaine. ITbe Man in Chains.) And its
editor continued to criticise. The paper has ben tempo
rarily suppressed several time?.
In April of this year be wag outspoken iu his ceo- j
Now comes a poet and makes a bid to call the Ameri
can soldiers in France "Jonnyrebs," this term being a con
traction of "Jbonny-Rebg," and including the sons of
sires who fought on both sides of the Civil war. "Jhonny
Yank" and "Reb" were common terms for northern and
southern soldiers fifty years ago. To combine them now
and apply to Uncle Sam's united and solid war front
abroad will at least meet with the approval of the veterans
of sixty-one.
Here is a sample of 8 German peace offer, the first
definite terms yet advanced by the kaiser: The Russian
traitors now in power asked for terms of an armistice
and the Germans replied that if they would withdraw
their troops sixty miles back of the present lines, the
German troops to remain where they are, the kaiser
would further consider an armistice. And this may bt
labeled as a fair sample of any Prussian peace terms pos
sible to the allies until the German war machine Is
broken and sent to the jnnk heap. t
. The editor of the San Diego Union firmly believes
that the Bisbee deportation was one of the prime causes
of the overthrow of the Kerensky government in Russia
by German agents and Russia radicals. And he prints
a column editorial to prove his wild and weird conten
tions. Far be it from The Review to lessen or cheapen
the scope and importance) of the great Bisbee drive. It
was a death blow to the arrogant and headlong career
of the I. W. W. in this western country, and it saved our
mines for the uses of the country at war and saved
our community from going back down the hill of pro
gress it has climbed so bravely and so far. But as to
its effects upon Russia, one way or the other, this paper
has serious doubts. Only shrapnel or machine gun bullets
at close range could possibly have any effect upon tlio
wild eyed disrupters and German dupes who now control
the government of that unhappy nation.
Secretary Wilson's report on the Bisbee deportation
to President Wilson was adverse. This was to be ex
pected. The secretary told the president that Bisbee
had deported some twelve hundred copper workers and
miners. The secretary assumed they were workers and
miners because they had at one time and another engaged
in this work. But he did not tell the president that less
than -half of them were workers of recent record and
that half of these were Germans, Austrians and Mexicans
and that all were out on a strike organized and led by
the I. W. -W., thousands oi whom are being arrested these
days by order of the government. The secretary and the
American Federation may muddy the water regarding the
character of some of the deportees, but they can never
deny that their cause vas being guided and directed by
the worst and most dangerous I. W. W. leaders in the
country. The government has arsoused at last to he
menace of this organization and is making war on it in
earnest. So we should worry about a radical ex-!abor
leader's prejudiced report against the Bisiiee smash that
led the way to the present nation-wide drive against
the I. W. W.
Slowly, but surely, the old glamor and romance r,f
war are coming hack into their own. Science almost
eliminated them for awhile with the concrete dugout, the
machine gun, the long range artillery, the barbed wire
entanglement and pas fumes, but their return seems to
be inevitable. Hand-to-band encounters with the bayonet
are becoming more and more frequent, and now cavalry
Is playing its part again. This Is the best news of all.
The dash of the dragoous and hussars have long been
the brightest and most thrilling theme of English and
French speaking poets and writers for a thousand years.
The man on horseback with sabre and pennon has always
been the most heroic figure in war. Welch horsemen won
the battle of Crecyj Jdurat's cavalry charge used to decide
Napoleon's early battle-: the Scots Greys turned the
tide at Waterloo; Stuart ami Forrest for (he Confederates
and Sheridai and Custer for the Federals were the most
brilliant heroes of the Civil war. In the last smash
against the Prussians Uie British commanders used
cavalry regiments behind the first line trenches with
splendid results. The mounted man came back into his
own and rode in the same dashiug and successful fashion
that his father rode before him. right up to the guns
and "sab'-red the gunners thye." British dragoons at
Caofaing rut the German infantry to pieces and actually
cftpnired that Important village. This word of I lie return
of tli ravalry to the fighting line is glorious news
Rippling Rhymes
(By WALT MASON.)
'SCHOOL DAYS, SCHOOL DAYS. DEAR OLD GOLDEN RULE DAYS
THE CHAMPION G3IEF
You talk of mournful things, my
friend, you sav your woe's the one
best bet; I'll tell, if you an ear will
lend, the saddest thing that's hap
pened yet. It is to meet your lost
Lenore, or female of some other name.
the peach you loved in days ot yore,
when love was quite a fevered game.
Somehow she drifted from your life.
for youthful dreams go galley west;
in time you gathered in a wife, but
always loved the old girl best. In
memory she kept her place, the lost
lnnrA with Blnrrv avm with rurlv
hair and angel face; the lovely Image
never dies. And now that you are
waxing old, you go back to your na
tive town, where once, with footsteps
quick and bold, you ran the fleet jack
rabbit down. And there you meet an
ancient dame, who'd scare a burglar
with her face; she hag a large and
bonv frame, she talks a deep and
rumbiing bass. Ah, then you shed the
bitter brine, and lean against the Blue
Front store, for you feel saggy in the
spine this beldame is your lost Le
ncre! To find your girl of love and
mirth become so punk and fierce a
bluff! This is the saddest thing on
earth; there's nothing else so dad
blamed tough!
QUESTIONERS ARE IN
HANDS OF LOCAL
DRAFT BOARD
Every Man of Draft Age Not
Actually In Service Must
Make Out One. Only Seven
Days Allowed.
According to advices received from
Tombstone all of the literature, includ
ing the questionaires, have bceu re
ceived at the oftice of the local board.
The instructions have also been re
ceived and the stage is ready for the
setting "of the new draft machinery in
uiu.ion.
The wheels will start to turn on
December 15. At this time the local
board wilr take up the lists of all reg
istered men in this county. Every
man who has not gone into the army
will be sent one of the questionaries.
1: makes no difference whether or not
he has been granted a discharge, eith
er temporary or permanent, he will
be required Vo fill out the quesiionaire.
The men have seven days in which
to fill out and return their question
aries. The government has allowed
the local board 15 days m which to
have all of the questionaries back in
their office. They are then given an
addi.ional 45 days in which to classify
the men. The government has figured
that a total of 60 days will see the
remaining nine and one-half million
men classified.
The next draft then will be expect
ed shortly after February 15, 1918. In
connection with the new methods all
men, particularly those who are living
or visiting in districts outside of the
place of original registration, are
warned that they must procure one
of these questionaries and have it in
the hands of their local board. The
government has been lenient with
those who have neglected to perorm
their duty in 'die past But in the fu
ture no excuses will be accepted. The
man will be sent his questionaire and
he will be required to have it back
within the stated seven days.
The usual excuse that "I was away
from home in another part of the
coun'-ry" will not be accepted. Every
man who has registered is held re
sponsible for the knowledge that he
must fill 'out these questionaries. The
only safe way for the "away from
home" man to do is to grab off one
of these questionaries from the near
est local board, fill it out immediately
and send it to his local board a: home.
That will settle any possible slip-up
on the part of the mail, the hotel clerk
or the lady at the rooming house.
9 COOING SCHOOL. fr TSfe?
I -i,-V--' rriwM "t!!!! irr -.---.--.-.-- -
State and County News Briefs
... ..nnrmvuLvu-jy T.rjuw.--u--n , ,
County Briefs
Crw5 Nrktc ti-Tuberculosis society has fixed as its
MJliei Olillii IVUlCOIgoal the sale of 1,000.00 seals at one
I cent each, or $10,000. Of course the
From Pasadena. Cal.. has been re- society is perfectly willing that all ofj Col. Brooke Paine, formerly station
ceived word of the death there of John the 2,500.000 seals which it has on . ed at Douglas with the Sixth field ar-
hand can be sold, but to fall below tue tiliery. is in command at camp fc-tan-
Adren Reaves, founder of the Arizona
magazine at Phoenix and sold by him
iix years ago to C. S. Scott.
Mr. Kuchler, member 'of the state tax
commission, who has been seriously
ill at Phoenix is reported better. His
1.000,000 mark will be regarded as a
state failure Preliminary plans for
the campaign are now going forward
at the state headquarters in the Good
rich building. County organizations
are being lined up to t:ake charge of
! tho wvtrlr in the resneetive districts.
condition has been such as to cause ! w tha w.ok riMM .h eau
I www. w - "
some uneasiness among his friends.
will be in the hands of the vario'is
county chairmen. The seals will be
put on sale the first week tii Decem
ber. That will leave approximately
ley at San Antonio. The colonel is
well known here, having been married
while stationed in Douglas.
In his annual report to Governor
Campbell, just submitted, D. F. John
son, state treasurer, calls attention 0 ' twenty-one days In which to sell the
die fact that the amount of interest col- j 1,000,000 seals,
lected by him on active and inactive
accounts on deposit with the several ;
banks of the state, totals 116.976.25 ' A new hih market -utln fr ,n"
for the fiscal year. . toxicating liquors for even a bon.
j dry"' state in this time of war was es-
' ' tablished in Phoenix last evening when
Tempe Normal students have shown . plnl 0( whisky sold for $100.
what they are made of in their sun-j & m . galo proyed ,
tk , , , 7 I , ..'greater burden than the purchasers
The faculty pledged over $250 which ? .... .... -.. ., ... .
was , included I in the a-Amnu The stu- en wh ed tne
dent s subscription so far has totaleu takeQ cust(Ml
Uo8. and It is probable that enough! ' . f yuMler,,B
jmore will be subscrined to make the j According l0 tne 8lory"toid Con-
Word was received in Tombstone
Saturday of the death of Pat Byrns.
former resident of Tombstone up until
several years ago when he removed
to Kel.'on. where he has resided ever
since In the capacity of foreman on the
A. E. railroad. The news of his death
was the first intimation of his illness
received here and no details were received.
I stable Burch of the East Phoeaix dis-
The Cowboy Sports and Thanksgiv
ing Celebration at Benson next Thurs
day afternoon promises to be a big af
fair by the interest taken in it by the
local cowt'oys. At least twelve cow
boys have announced their inten.ion
to enter the calf-roping contest. Among
the special features ill be Prairie Lil
lie Allen, the world's champion lady
broncho rider, who will ride the worst
outlaw horse that can be secured
The marriage of Mr. Wm. Goetz and
formation of the. law partnership of The man of whom they pure l-cd
Judge A. C. Baker and Earl F. Drake. the intoxicant appeared at a s:icil.. d
BOOKS DONATED FOR SOLDIERS'
LIBRARIES HAVE BEEN SHIPPED
A silly story has been recently cir
culated to the effect that the books
collected in this district some weeks
ago for the soldiers had never beeu
sent to them. The Review is in pos
session of definite and authorative In
formation that the ho'oks were shipped
from here to Ikiuglas promptly upon
the completion of the task of gathering
them to Mesdames Balmforth, Lynn
and Hughes, in charge of itbe work,
and receipts are held for their ship
ment. They are by now in soldiers'
readlug rooms 'or on their way.
CAPPS RESIGNS AS HEAD
OF SHIPPING BOARD.
WASHINGTON. Nov l!finear Ad
miral Frederick K. Harris, chief of the
navy's bureau of yards and do ks was
named today to succeed Rear Admiral
Capps as general liun?ir i.f the Khin-
ping board s Emergency Fleet corpora-
nun, rtu ai capps asked to be re
lieved because of ill health.
Admiral Harris was assigned to the
place by Secretary Daniels after the
Mluppina; board had anked the navy de
partment to detail another naval oflic
er for the work. lie is a civil engi
neer and as chief of llio bureau of
yards and docks has ii reduced many
modern business methods iuto the service.
j trio:, two negroes residing in the south Miss Doi'othy Cull, both of Benson.
Of wide iuterest throughout the ! section of the city agreed to purchase look place in Tucson last Friday week.
state will be the announcement of the is ten-gallon keg of whiskey for $100. land so skillfully did the young people
keep their friends in the dark that it
was some days before the news became
known. The bridegroom has recently
accepted a position in the roadmaster's
office in Tucson, where they will make
their home. Both are popular young
people. The bride is a daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Cull, fung-time res
idents of Benson.
The new firm of Baker and Drake will
succeed t'o the business of Baker and
Baker and will occupy the same of
fices in the Fleming building. Phoenix.
Mr. Drake has been associated with
Judge Baker for Uk past month since
the son and former partner of the
judge, Alexander Baker, was called to
the colors.
locaton at s given time. The pur
chasers demanded that they be pei
niitted to sample the ' boo" before
purchasing. This was -greed :o and
a "wee nippy" was poured out into
glass. The sample was a most ex
cellent brand, it was decided, and
the $100 was paid to the man.
After his departure, the purchasers
decided to enjoy the frutU of their j
H. T. Wallin and wif,e arrived Ui
Benson this week. Mr. Wallin to take
the keg. The glasses were filled and ! exlchanKe ""d Mrs' WLlin 88 r,ltoJ
From all over the state, commercial of the of the place as manager of the telephone
the proposed stoppage of work on Ari
zona highways during the term of the
war. The state engineer has made
announcement that all work contem
plated now will b carried on to com
pletion. Most of the work will be
done by convict labor and a carload i one of tie nleu as lic pOJnded ! fice requiring two operators to handle
or men irom tne penitentiary nas
been dispatched to the road work
near Clifton.
emptied, and it was decided tlmt tny
should be refilled, but the liquid be
gan to pour iu a disgustingly slow
volume, especially to men who were
thirsty,
The gentleman and wife are from the
Panhandle country of Texas, but havu
been in the company's service at. Sil
ver City. N. M.. for some time. Miss
Barrincer will not be replaced as op-
Eu,: that could soon bo reuieditC I erator. the business of the Benson of-
It is reported that three auto loads
of bo'otleggcr booze were received in
Nogales Sunday night ' It is reported
further that the vigilance of Cochise
county officers has beeu so effective
a large hole iuto the keg. From out
this h'ole flowed a small river of P r
fectly clear water so clear, in fact,
that it is suspected that it was dis
tilled before being placed in the keg
Examination disclosed the fact tha:
the keg contained a false compartment
in which the whiskey had been stcred.
The remainder of the keg had been
it properly.
Saturday last the people of Bowie
were regaled when an east bound train,
carrying 350 blue jackets bound (or
some Atlantic port, stopped here. They
were the jolllest lot vf jolly tars, iu
their blue uniforms and bell-bottom
Uiat the Hues of travel followed by
bootleggers in tho past have been lu-jmCnt contained just one p. it. it was
terrupieu; auu uuw won.u ! , tounu upuu aiiui.iuii.
iauts. one could imagine, and ni in sled
filled with water. Tho false compait-1 fret.jv witn tne p0ople and ratroniied
the stores. On being asked "Where
t'o Lordsburg for their supplies the
dealers have opened a new and longer
The negroes immediately procctded
o the police station, where they ;o:!
route, with the terminus and depots oil jlr st'ory to olfliers.
sunnlies at Albuquerque. From that Constable Burch, who was at the
point those engaged in booze running
make Flagstaff, In northern Arizona,
station at tiie time, accompuuied by
Officer Strathy and the two negroes,
ihen turning south cross the state to , Jet out to capture the alleged boot-
their destinations Iu the southern part, legger. Frank Pablo, the man vh it will go d it hard with a I'-boaL
even all tho way lo tlie interiiatioi'ai ts said to have delivered the whiskey. e have the guns and the boys behind
to?" one of them replied: "Just ast to
be assigned to ships, that's all we
know." Another, when asked it they
expected to meet any I -boats, replied:
"Well be locking for them night and
day. They are our game, and if e
are fortunate to catch siht of a peri
scope at a range jf four or five miles
border.
The campaign for the sale of lied
Cross Christmas seals will soon bo un
der way in Arizona, aud the ta'e Au-jas recovered
was first taken into custody an.l later them know how to shoot. If we are
Hrutio Rivero and John Skinner were lucky anil put to sea quickly when we
also apprehended. . Ninety-five d'ollars. ! reach tho Allan'ie. we may bate oue
said to be a part of the $100 piueut.. for Thanksuiving
TUey were a
smart Nuking ht. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 27, 1917.
FTVr
City Briefs
Has anyone visited youT Or
have you entertained? If so, ea'l
the Hevfew efter s p. m. and tell
the Society Editor. Phone .
'
ILL WITH PNEUMONIA
J. W. Smith was taken to the Calu
met & Arizona hospital yesterday suf
fering from an attack of pneumonia.
Phelps Dodge store and has accepted
one in the local postoffice.
ON VACATION
Cc.therine Dupen, of the lvcal post
offke, is enjoying a short vacation
fror; her duties and will spend tie
time at her home In Warren.
ARE IN DOUGLAS.
Masters Dennis and Paul Slieehan
JOINED HUSBAND
Mrs. Paul Licktenberger and little
son have arrived in Lowell from San
Simon to join Mr. Licktenberger, who
Is employed In the local mines.
POPULATION INCREASED
P. A. Ramsower and wife are happy
of Opera Drive are spending a week's j over the arrival of a nine-pound boy.
vacation in Douglas on a visit to relatives.
which arrived on Sunday afternoon.
Mother and son b'Jth doing nicely.
HAVE SON
The home of E. B. Plumb and wife
has been blessed with the arrival of:
a son. Mother and son are doing j
nicely. !
ILL WITH GRIPPE.
Harry Hellon, Copper Queen miner,
is confined to his home with severe
attack of la grippe and will not be
able to resume his labors for several
days. '
MEN TO MEET.
The Y. W. C. A. is giving a runch-,
eon to the business men at the Y. M. j
C. A. this noon Miss Julia T. Leej
will be the chief speaker. J
IN POSTOFFICE
Miss Lorreta McQuillan has resign
ed her position in tlie office of the
DANGEROUSLY ILL.
Mrs. Fred Sutter, wife of the Bis-
bee attorney. Is dangerously ill at
Albuerque, New Mexico, where she
went a few weeks ago on a visit. Mr.
Sutter was called to her bedside Sat
urday night. Her condition is consid
ered serious.
1
oi frurc ifflflf
Li UOslId ly VU
UNITED CHINO OIL
& REFININC COMPANY
Officers and Directors:
MR. JACK BOLIN, President, Inspector of Mines for
Arizona.
MR. FRANK BROWN, Vice President, Former U. S.
Immigration Commissioner.
MR. GEORGE MacBEAN, Secretary-Treasurer,
City Commissioner, Fhoenix, Arizona.
THE DISCOVERY OF OIL IN ARIZONA IS AN
ESTABLISHED FACT
The United Chino Oil & Refining Company owns
by deed, 960 acres of land in the Chino Valley, where
oil has already been discovered, and where experts be
lieve the. next great oil fields of this country will be
developed.
The officers of this Company have acquired land
that was located by an expert oil man many months
ago, before the great oil excitement in connection
with the Chino Valley was in full swing, and when
the choice sections of the valley were there to pick
from.
Backed by the opinions of some of the greatest
of our oil experts and geologists, the men of affairs
behind this company men whom you know believe
that the development of thi3 company's property will
return enormous dividends to those who come in now
and help them in the development.
Practically every mining man in the state knows
Jack Bolin, President of this Company. Jack says :
"Oil is a speculation we cannot guarantee to
bring in an oil well, but we do propose this if there
is oil under our ground, we'll find it"
In other words you'll gel a square run for your
money and if we win, you win big.
This stock is being offered for sale by the com
pany or its direct representatives, and your money,
les3 the commissions authorized by the Arizona
Corporation Commission, will be expended by men
you know, old timers in this state, in developing the
property of the United Chino Oil & Refining Com
pany. . '
Will you back up Jack Bolin, Frank Brown and
George MacBean in their efforts to bring in oil in the
Chino Valley will you come in with these men of
Arizona, on the new industry which looks so promis
ing for the future? $25.00 now gives you a thousand
, shares $ 1 00.00 gives you 4,000 shares. You can't
lose much, and if we win, you'll never have to worry
any more about the high cost of living.
If the oil is there, we'll find it Use the coupon
today. v
United Chino Oil and Refining Company
No. 15 North Second Avenue,
PHOENIX, ARIZONA
. COUPON
UNITED CHINO OIL & REFINING COMPANY,
15 North Second Avenue,
PHOENIX, ARIZONA.
The enclosed remittance of $ , is to cover cash payment of
2' 2 cents per share on shares of the TREASURY STOCK
of the United Chino Oil & Refining Company. It is agreed that
when oil in commercial quantities is being produced by your Con1
pany, I am to pay an additional 2 certs.
Name
Address
Town and State
B.R.
LEAVE FOR CAN AN E A.
Is A number of the employes of the
Canaoea Consolidated Copper company
went into Cananea this morning to
take inventory of supplies on hand,
and to look into the condition of the
; company's property there. No plans
; for the resumption of wor khave yet
j been announced.
LEFT FOR EL PASO
E. H. Wickern and wife left yester
day for El Pa-so. where they go on
account of Mrs. Wickern's health. She
will be left there and he will return
here.
FROM TOMBSTONE.
Miss Elise Toles, county school sup
erintendent, and her assistant. Miss
Helen Benedict, came over Sunday
from the county seat to be here to as
sist to receive the many teachers com.
ing to the institute.
HAVE RETURNED.
George Mieyr, master mechanic of
the Copper Queen company, and his
family, have returned from a month's
trip through the state. They visited
Prescott and other sections of Yavapai
county as well as the state fair at
Phoenix.
late and 1000 cakes of soap. Mr. Mar
tin also speaks in his letter of the fact
that CalilOrnia ladies have provided
infirmary equipment for the 145th
field artillery and hopes that Arizona
(ladies will provide the same for the
158th, of which the Arizona boys form
MUSTERQLE-GUICK
II
RELIEF!
in
PUBLIC INVITED.
Tha public is cordially invited to at
tend all of the meetings of the Teach
ers' Institute and especially the lecture
to be given this evening by Professor
Chamberlain, at the high school audi
torium. His subject will be 'Thrift,
a National Necessity."
LEFT FOR TUCSON.
Among those who left for Tucson,
having been summoned to appear as
witnesses in the case of the State vs.
Embree, were the following: Mayor
Erlckson, Bassett Watkins, Tom Har-
gis, Frank Johnson, John Bowen,
Sherifl Harry Wheeler, Cass Benton.
a part.
AS A DESERTER
Natibodo Zabola, an alleged desert
er, has been arrested In Tucson ani
delivered over to the army authorities
at Nogales. It is alleged that he reg
istered in this city and failed to re
port? for examination. He was listed
as an alien. He was taken to No
gales by Policeman Tony Crosetta,
who hopes to secure the $50 reward
cn him. If he does he will be much
more lucky than the local officers
here, who have delivered them both
at Naco and to Douglas and have not
received any 'reward and are out the
expense of going to the respective
places.
lit Soothes erd Ii-'.Ievea Like a
Mustard Plaster Witfccut
the BurnorStir.g
Musterole is a clean, white ointment, 1
made with the oil of mustard. It does alt 1
the work of the old-fashioned mustard
plaster does it better and docs not blis
ter. You do not have to bother with a
cloth. You simply rub it on and usually
the pain is gone!
Many doctors and nurses use Muster
ole and recommend it to their patients.
They will gladly tell you what relief it
gives from sore throat, bronchitis, croup,
stiff neck, asthma, neuralgia, congestion,
pleurisy, rheumatism, lumbago, pains
and aches of the back or joints, sprains,
sore muscles, bruises, chilblains, frosted
feet, colds of the chest (it often pre
vents pneumonia). '
30c and 60c jars; hospital size $250. ,
IS IN WILLCOX
James Brophy, of the Lowell sta
bles, is in Willcox for a few days,
where he was called on business mat
ters., He used to ship cattle from
Uiat point 25 years ago, when he had
a ranch in the Sulpuu- Springs vallsy
and that was the nearest shipping
point.
HAS RETURNED
Dr. F. E. Shine has returneil from
Washington, where he was called to
report. He will leave this evening for
Phoenix, where he will report to Gen
eral Breen and begin the work of or
ganizing physicians of the state
i'jr their work in the coming new draft
examination.
DEFEATED SOLDIERS
The Junction-Cole Stars again
showed their form on Sunday after
noon when they defeated the Eleventh
field artillery team from Battery A
by a score of 19 to 7. The feature
cf the game was the flying leap over
the line made by Roy Benton, which
gained for the team six or eight yards.
The game was a good one from start
to finish and one of the most inter
esting that has been played on the
local gridiron. Next Sunday the Stars
will play a picked team of officers
from the Tenth and Eleventh artil
lery. The game will" be played at
Warren at 2:30 p. m.
3 ; LEFT FOR TOMSSTCNE
i Captain J. P. Hodgson, of the min-i
ing department of Phelps Dodgo!
company, left this morniag for Tomb-!
i stone, where he go33 to remain for a;
few days on business connected with '
the Bunker Hill company, which is
jone of the subsidiary companies of
the P. L). company.
APPOINTED MEMBER. '
Superintendent C. F. Philbrook, of !
the Bisbee schools, has received a let-;
ter from Governor Campbell notifying :
him of his being appointed as one lot j
the committee of three for Arizona for '
the purpose of the stimulation of pa
triotism and Red Cross activities
among school children.
JURORS SUMMONED
The following jurors of Bisbee have
; been summoned to appear in Tomb-
stone on December 3: W. A. Duree,
j Jas. P. Connolly, Tlfts. Young, Josiah
Hoffman, J. F. Humphries. J. L. Sil
; verthorn, C. S. Wilson, John Harvey,
R. B. Coover, J. Andy Miller, W. -E.
Spaulding, Joe Ca White, O. A. Rhoads.
FUNERAL TODAY
The funeral services over the re
: mains of the late Mrs. Alice Davis,
! wife of Thomas W. Davis of McNeal,
j will be held this afternoon at 2:30
from the Palace undertaking chapel
and burial will be had at the Ever-
green cemetery. Mrs. Davis died at
her home in the valley on Saturday
i evening.
i
I
j MRS. MORRIS DIES
J Mrs. Mary Morris died Sunday and
the funeral services were held yester
day from the Catholic church. Father
Mandin officating and burial was had
at the Evergreen cemetery. It was
announced in Sunday's paper that she
was not expected to live throughout
the day and she died on Sunday eve
ning. She was one of the pioneer
women of the county and leaves sev
eral sous and daughters to mourn her
demise.
UNIVERSAL SERVICE
REQUIRED J.R, SAYS
(By Review Leased Wire)
TORONTO, Ont., Nov. 26. Univer
sal military training was asked by
Theodore Ko'jsevelt here tonight as the
best means of maintaining a perma
nent peace. v
"As regards certain nations," he
said, "I am sure tha: it will prove en
tirely possible both to provide for per
manent peace among them and also to
provide for common and disinterested
acti'on within definite limits, to secure
a betterment of general international
conditions to diminish the likelihood
of future wars, and to resist their lim
its if they break out. As regards Can
ada and the United States, I think the
time has come when we shall declare
that no possible question can arise
w nich cannot be dtermined subarantial
ly as questions between the various
stales or provinces are determined, at
Washington or Ottawa.
"As regards some nations I quest
whether as yet we can trust the fu
ture solely 'io even the most carefully
devised treaties lest in any real emer
gency we suddenly discover that they
regarded merely as scraps of paper.
Therefore on the general matter of
securing lasting international peace, l
feel that probably our action 'ought to
be twofold. We oughc, with entire
sincerity, to take every step which
makes it likely that thereby the
chances of future war will be minimiz
ed. But we should-treat this action as
an addition to, and not as a substitute
for, preparing in advance 'our sefty by
our trained strength. Inasmuch as
the first duty of a nation is self de
fense, let us insist that, in our democ
racies universal suffrage 6hall go
hand in hand w ith universal service."
Colonel Roosevelt declared that
what had been accomplished by the
Canadians and by their sister colonies
was without a parallel in history. He
added :
"I did not accept any invitation to
speak formally in Canada until the en
try of my own beloved country into the
war gave me the right to come here
with pride; for now,' friends; your
countrymen and mine have a common
duty, to fight theis far through to a
finish, until we win the peace of over
whelming victory.
"Our common purpose is to break
the offensive strength of the Prussian
ized Germany of the Hohenzollerns, so
as to redeem Belgium and secure am
ple atonement for her wrongs, so as to
resl'ore to France what Germany took
from her, so as to free every people,
great, or small, who live justly under
the governments of their choice, then,
and not until then, our purpose in this
war will have been achieved."
Kahn Favors Plan.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 26. Pass
age of a universal military service law
would solve the miliiary difficulties of
the United States for all time in the
opinion of Representative Julius Kahn,
4
rmrvmmtm iw m ifii i 1 mr,-' ngtl" Ji. i lllk m
THANKS BISBEE WOMEN
Mrs. Dr. F. E. Shine is in receipt
of a letter from E. W. Martin, field
director of the American Red Cro.-i;,
stationed 'at Camp Kearney, Cal.. in
which thanks are extended in behalf
of the organization for the donatiou of
113 pots of jam. 1000 cakes of choce-
SAYS
TKere's no
better food
on a winter
day than
oocLwarm, crisp
PQSTTOflSTIES
r
aym;
E
SILVER MONEY IS
TABOOED BY ITALY
ROME, Nov. 24. A scramble to get
rid of silver coin has resulted from
the recent decree to the effect that
it shall not be accepted as legal ten
der after January 1, and that per
sons possessing it may be fined or
imprisoned. As the decree stated that
beginning with November 21. not only
banks but postoffices and other public
places should issue the new paper
bills of one and two francs for silver,
many persons interpreted the decree
to mean that after November 21 sil
ver coins could not circulate, and
therefore the hurry to unload small
coins. Travelers, who are generally
provided with 10. 50 or 100 frauc bills,
are, in getting them changed, sudden
ly finding themselves in possession
of a vound or so of silver coins
adroitly passed by shopkeepers.
Heretofore the government has
found difficulty in stamping enough
new silver coins to accommodate cir
culation demands. Finally the treas
ury became tired of working overtime
for this, purpose. Hence the decree,
which stated that paper bills of small
denomination would be printed as a
substitute, and that silver coins would
no longer be eccepted in view of the
tendency of the population to hoard
silver. It also appears that much of
Italy's silver money was disappearing
over the frontiers, particularly Into
Austria.
.5 EL
.! 1 )
A quarter here, fifty cents there, a dollar
somewhere else do you keep tab on your
expenses?
And do you realize that many of these
quarters, half dollars and dollars you could
save?
Bank With Us.
OF FIRE BURNING
OR BURGLARS
Stealing your private papers and valuables when you
shut the home for the summer.
There's Absolute Safety for both when protected
by our modern vaults
Private safes rent for $500 and up yearly.
Think this over then see.
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street. Bisbee, Arizona.
Will E. McKee, President C. A. McDonald, Cashier.
SOLDIERS PLAY SOCCER.
PARIS. Nov. 26. All French regi
ments will have in their official equip
ment hereafter a football. This an
nouncement, made by the war office,
shows the popularity in the French
army of the game of soccer. While
twenty years ago football was hardly
known in France, there is hardly a
town today which does not possess or,
or more elevens, and the game is play
ed all over the front
ranking republican member of the
house military affairs committee.
In a statement today. Representative
Kahn said all his energies during the
coming session of congress would be
directed toward passage of the univer
sal service bill. He said he expected
the session to be Vne of the longest in
history. Military matters he said,
would be given first consideration.
ill
m
Iff
You. Can. Get 5.000 to .10.000 More Kies
out of them by using Gates'Half-Sole Tires.
W will put them on for you and change your old tare
into new ones at about onejja 1 it he rx iceyouwo u 14
hav to pay for new tires. .. " ' , ' 1
v Your tire comes intoour plantT" twornand scarred
.from service, and we deliver it back to you the same
tire made oversize and with a brand-new ' non-skid
tread of fresh rubber. Not a, square inch of your old
tire will be in sight, and you will notbe ble to tell it.
from a new tire. V " '
Are ibsctuMy guaranteed (or 3.500 milet of wear witbotrt
panctar ard many user are averaa.K from ti.&M to IC.vOti mile.
You cannot get thi kind oi guarantied M.-vlce from any tire on the
market without paying two or three tiroes the cott of a Gate
HaU-Sole Tire. , '
' LET US SHOW YOU . .
Don't throw away another worn ti-e until you have Investigated
the '.ates Hali-Sole. II you are paying the tire hills you will be tn
termed and wc are ready to ihow vcu how to keep m your own
pocket a bn pan ol the ct of new tirt an4 get brtUr Hretcvkc
t ' " vou ttive evf r bar. fc-fore. V e rft?arari 'L
LOWELL MOTOR CO.
Tm
Hi r
Hi
r ':
WATER
HE A TING
mm m
.. a
'h
'ii
in
The process of heating water for domestic purposes has been rev
olutionized in the past few years through the introduction and
perfection of gas fired water heaters, until today it is no longer a
a problem to secure an abundance of hot water quickly and econo
mically, in any dwelling, large or small-
Today, in the countless thousands of homes where gas fired water heaters are in
stalled, an abundance of hot water b available for any purpose. By some types of heat
ers the water is heated instantly at the turn of a faucet, by others, within a few min
utes after lighting the heaters, arid all without labor, inconvenience or discomfort, wd
at a reasonable cost for gas.
LET US SHOW YOU
Bisbee Improvement Co. j
P.
T SIX
THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 27, 1917.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK STOCKS
NEW YORK, Nov. 26. The stock
market was in receptive mood today on
moderate volume cf operations. Events
over the week-end were of such varied
character as to fur her confuse specu
lative sentiment during the forenoon,
but the list hardened preceptiuly later
war Issues manifesting marked
strength.
Rails were the hesitant and uncer
tain features, the proposed pooling of
the eastern roads as a war measure
evidently giving rise to uneasiness.
Western issues ind Pacifies were no
less influenced than coalers and trunk
lines.
A sharp rally in lires accompanied
news that the Italian forces were con
tinuing their stout tesistance.
Keactions of the n.orn'ng raimed
from 2V to 3',i points. Oiher equip
ment and specialties lost one to two
points but rallied smartly with oils,
tobaccos and sundry war shares. Unit
ed States Stesl featured the more ac
tive dealings of the afternoon, advanc
ing from 97i to D9H. Steel closed at
a net gain of 1" points. T.oial sales
4.n,000 shares.
Bonds were decidedly firmei al
though internationals showed some ir
regularity. Liberty issues were active
the 4's at 97.S8 to 9S.02 and 3'i's at
9S.90 to S9.02.
Total sales, par. value, aggregated
$3,330,000. -United S'ates bonds old is
sues were unchanged on cnlll.
GRAIN MARKETS.
CHICAGO. Nov. 26. Increasing
' supplies had a bearish effect today on
corn but talk of big export sales of
oats formed something cf a counter
pose. Corn finished unsettled $1.21
"SsJanury and $1.19 May. the close
ranging from ic decline to c ad
vance compared with Saturday. Oats
g.-iined lc to l'.-c net. Irovision8 var
ied froia a setback of 12c to 8 rise of
27c.
Notices of heavier shipments from
rural sources gave the corn market f.
decided downward slant at the outset
and there was evidence that cars were
beginning to be more readily available
than has been the rule for some time.
Jt was said that Omaha was turning
consignments to Chicago. Weather
conditions showed improvement. The
ARIZONA
Bistee Copper Co.
PER SHARE
FOR SALE BY
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
Ve Specialize in Jerome
and Oatman Stocks.
P. O. EOX1129 PHONE 26
:stocoow
JEBOIE-ST LOUIS
COPPER MINING CO.
30c Per Share
Offering the small as well as the large investor the
opportunity of a lifetime.
This property, consisting of 8 claims, is sit
uated on the famous Lower Contact, 3Yl miles
from the United Verde and United Verde Exten
sion, and is surrounded by the Copper Chief the
Equator (which is owned by ex-Senator Clark),
the Jerome Portland and the Green Monster.
A
r. Tom
' Our Representative is located at
HOGAN & SEED'S OFFICE
Mr. Esmond of Jerome, Always Picks the Winners.
II r "m'l lift mitiMkit Attf T1
LEAVED WIRE
visible supply was only 41.000 bushels
less than last years total. During the
last half of the day rallies took place
after oats had climbed to the highest
prices yet this season.
Persistent buying forced the ad
vance in oats. Receipts continued
light and the visible supply total
sharply depressed.
Liberal receipts of hogs made pro
visions easier until offset by grain
strength. i. n-
. .A
METAL MARKET
NEW YORK, Nov. 26. Lead, quiet;
spot, $6.37?. Spelter, quiet, spot.
East St. Louis delivery, $7.75 iff 8.00.
Bar silver. 84V4c.
COTTON PRICES
NEW YORK. Nov. 26. The cotton
market today closed steady at a net
advance of 46 to 65 points.
NEW YORK
Closing Quotations November 26,
Anaconda .
American Can
American Car
American Locomotive
American Smelter '.
American Sugar
Baldwin
Beth B
C. & O
C .F. ft I ,
Can Pac
Central Leather
Crucible
Distillers
Erie
Goodrich ;
General Motors
Industrial Alcohol
Lackawanna
Marine .
Marine Pfd
Midvale
Mexican Petroleum
N. Y. Central
Northern Pacific
Reading
Rubber
Rep. Steel
Studebaker
Steel
Steel Pfd
Southern Pacific '.
Sinclair
Texas
Union Pacific
U. S. Marine
Westinghouse
, 1917
59
3714
66'
55
77',i
99
554
82
47
36
135
67
56
36
15
36
91
113
81
25 ?4
97
44
81
70
86
71',
51
79
40
98'
109
83
31
144
116
45
39
BOSTON
'Adventure 14
jAllouez 51
Arizona Commercial 10
Alaska 2
Butte 17
C. & A. 67
C. ft H. 435
C. Range 46
Chino 42
E. Butte 10
Granby 70
Green Can 38
Goldfield 45
Hancock 10
Indiana 1
Inspiration . . 44
Kennecott 33
i Keweenaw 1
!Lake, 6
LaSalle 3
Miami 28,
Mohawk 62
Mayflower 2
Nevada 17
selling at:
P. Esmond
Works
N. P.utie l.TV
Nil, 8
Old Dominion 40 j
Osceola CI I
Pond Creek 19
Ray Con 22:
Shattuc k 19
Shannon r
Sup. Boston 3 J
Utah Copper 78 j
Utah Con 12 J
Winona 1i
CURBS
Arkansas & Arizona
Austin Amazon
Arizona Sliver King
Big Lodge
Rutte & Ixindon
Cnlumet ft Jerome
Cornelia
Con. Arizona
Con. Copper Mines
Curtiss
Donn
Dundee
Emma
Gadsden
Grand Island .'
Hecla .'
Hull
Howe Sound
Green Monster
Inspiration Needles
10
13
1
13',
1
8
29
1S14
'
2
15
5
38
4
j Jerome Verde
j Jerome Victor 1
Jerome Portland
Magma Copper 47
Magma Chief
Miami Con
Magnate
Pittsburgh Jerome
Ray Merc
Santa Rita
8
8
3
Tom Reed 109
U. Eastern t.
Verde Extension
Verde Combination
West End
White Caps
Wal. Arizona
380
35
66
1
Wright Martin 7
NEW YORK. Nov. 26. Except in a
few spots, prices as a rule were higher
today with the steel shares exhibiting
most resiliency. Demands were mbd
erate, but there seems to be a scarcity
of stocks for sale, especially around
the forenoon low levels. The appear
ance of a scattering demand for
United States Steel imparted greater
strength to the general market, much
of the buying in this particular Issue
being credited to the shorts, who ap
parently are more disposed to reduce
commitments in this issue before it
sell ex-dividend on Friday of this
week. Rumors of importsnt British
successes on the western front, al
though lacking confirmation, apeol-
erated the demand for stocks in the
! fourth hour and in conjunction with
I the sharp rally in Italian exchange,
giving strength to the belief that the
Italian military situation has improv
ed, created a more cheerful feeling.
The market is very sensitive to the
news touching on international do
ings ,and the price tendency in great
part will be distated by the overseas
advices. The strong technical state!
of the market will undoubtedly, as
has been the case in the recent past,
make it very responsive to favorable i
disclosures.
OATMAN
(By Collins & Bretherton)
Bid Asked
Adams 02 .03
Arizona Rex .25
Arizona-Tom R 02
Gold Ore 24 .25
Gold Reed 05
Gold Cliff 15
Lucky Boy 02
Sunnyside 02 .03
Telluride 07 .10
Tom Reed 1.07 1.09
United Eastern 3.72 3.80
United Northern 06
United Western 02
Red Lion .25
OOTHER CURBS
Bid
Gadsden .'. 1.87
Green Monster 81
Butte London 11
Dundee 62
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome 37
Jerome Verde 81
Ark-Arizona 05
Jerome Portland 45
Ins-Needles 06
Hull Copper 34
Magma Chief 37
Wolv-Arizona 1.50
Miami Mother Lode
Verde Combination 75
Miami Consolidated 03
Ariz-Bisbee Copper
Butte Arizona 03
Santa Cruz Bisbee
Jerome Daisy
Nacozarl Consolidated ... ...
Verde Apex 13
Calumet & Jerome 1.37
Feather River Gold
Asked
2.00 '
.87,
.13
.87 i
.10,
.62 1
.94!
.10:
i
.. 1
.12!
.3Si
.50
1.75 j
.501
.81
.OS i
.50 !
.27
.50
.42
.15
1.50
.25
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
MOTHER'S FRIEND
FOR
Expectant f.lofhers
APPLY REGULARLY
We Clean
and Press
SUITS
BOLSKEViKI WILL
NOT STAND B1SBEE
RUSSIANS DECLARE
Tht the Bolshevik! government will
not endure in Russia is the opinion
of several of the local Russians who
are making a study of the conditions
that exist in their native country at
this time. The reason for the govern
ment not enduring, these men say. is
that the men at the head of the Bolshe
vik! are not big men as the name Im
plies, but rather are "rough necks"
and have come from the lowest possi
ble political strata of Russia.
"The name Bolsheviki." these men
say, "means big, not in the sense of
large quantity, but rather big as to
ability to accomplish things. And the
present heads of the Bolsheviki are
not in any sense big men politcially.
The majority of the men who form the
Bolsheviki movement are discontents
who were left out of erensky's govern
ment, and started a party of their own
with the hopes of getting In power.
"Open declarations that the party
has made lead all Russians, familiar
with conditions In Europe, to believe
that the present Balsheviki is being
linanced with German money with the
hope that the people or Russia will be
come so disgusted with' democratic
parties they will welcome the return
of autocracy.
"Separate peace terms with Cer
many Is declared impossible. The peo
ple of Russia, the masses, despise
Germans and everything that pertains
to or descends from Germany. As an
illustration of this. Uie changing of
the names of several Russian towns.
"German hatred, or dislike, caused
the people of Russia to change the
name of their capital city from St.
Petersburg to Pretrograd. The origin
al name meant the city of St. Peter.
Burg is German for town, or city and
in Russian the equivalent is "grad."
hence as far as the people of Rus
sia are concerned the name of their
capital city has not changed, simply
the German pronounciation has given
placeto a Russian pronounciation.
"Petrograd is not the only city of
Russia which dropped the (German
name. A large number of towns of
Russia have changed 'Burg' to 'Grad.'
Likewise in the naming of the streets,
practically every street in Russia,
which had a German name, has been
changed for a Russian or French
name.
"A large number of Germans live in
Russia, and though these people have
lived there for years, many of them
for several generations, they have not
ceased to be Germans and prefer ev
erything German to Russian. Their
inherent love for the kaiser and his
divine right is also felt. Whenever
it is a question of Russia or German,
Russia looses with her German inhabi
tants. 'The talk of making divisions of
money, land. etc.. this to be divided
among the poor people of the country,
by the nw government of Russia will
do a great deal to cause the overthrow
of the present Russian pretenders.
"The reason for this is because the
people of Russia think they have been
dividing enough already. Too many
div isions of their small earnings have
already been made and the people
want to get on a plane where they
have no dividing to dor
"But," the local Russian adds' "the
entente allies need never fear a sep
arate peace between the people of
Russia and the kaiser of Germany. It
is impossibl, inconceivable and ridicu
lous to a Russian."
FARMER RAISES $1,00.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
LONDON, Nov. 26. A farmer in a
village in southeast England raised Jl,
000 for the Red Cress, through, the
agency of a Zeppelin bomb which fell
in one of his fields. Thousands of peo
ple came from nearby towns to see the
cra'.er, which is described as "big
enough to puX a h'Juse in." The far
mer charged each visitor a small ad
mission fee, and turned the proceeds
over to the local Red Cross.
REVIEW WANT ASS FOR RESULTS
TURKEYS
Home dressed, lb 36c
Alive, lb ...33c
Home Dressed Turkeys
will be scarce but we
will guarantee delivery if
you put your order in
early.
TOVREA'S
Phone
Bisbee 14 - Lowell 51
(fa ifl
e
vjj)
TIENTSIN BECOMES
ANOTHER VENICE BY
MUCH FLOOD WATER
TIENTSIN, Sept. 30 (Corresponi-
ence.). nenisin hns suddenly been',
converted into a Venice by the flood !
waters from the Chihli plain. House-
holders are moving ti.roueh the t
of the best residential sections in
sampans and on raf's. The homes of; page 137. ship 23 South, Range 25 East O. ft S.
at least one-half of the l.OOO.OOit per-i Black Ben. Book 49, Record of Mines , R. B. & M. bears South 84 21 30"
sons living in the city are surrounded pase 132- ! East 4235 feet: thence Scutn 32" 23'
, . , i Sunshine. Book 49, Record of Mines ! West 974.10 feet to Corner Na t. th
by water and many of the houses in page 139 j Southeast Corner. thence 59.
the humbler sections have been wash-. The names bf the adjoining claims to ' 48' West 51.40 feet to Corner No. S,
ed away by the flood. , this survey are; on the north. Survey the Southwest Corner; thence Nona
The more important shops and mar- N'o. 2412. Apache lode; Neglected and 32 25' East 974..10 feet to Corner No.
kets are on slightly higher ground than Anna, unsurveyed; owned by applicant ; 4, the Northwest Comer; thence
most of. the residences and are slil herein; Warren lode, unsurveyed; on , South 59 48' East 581.40 feet to Cor
untouchrd by the water. oiks of the East Survey No. 3158. Rolla lode; ; ner No. 1, the place tf beginning; con
sandbags have been thrown up to keep. on thB South Survey No. 1794, Grenrelt talning a total area of 12.992 acres,
the water out of the main business ,ode: Survey No. 2176, Carmelita and ! Expressly excluding area In conflict
section. Dry and night thousands of i Corona rjdes; Survey No. 2221 Shat- j with Don Miguel No. 1 lode of this sur-
hnatu niv hetweon ih.u ,i,iro .
aniV
the homes of the flood sufferers Th
water supply, gas and electric iig!lt
have been cut off in the greater part
of the city. Water boats suppiy wa
ter for the beleaguered homes.
The quarters occupied by the 15th
Infantry of the United States army
nave oeen proea py temporary
dikes and are still dry.
Rafts or boats of any character rent
at fabulous prices. Sampans filled
with furniture are moving constantly
toward the dry sections. Chinese refu -
". in-inT , tensions ana additions to the presentwest Corner; thence North 4 49'
their way to the concentration camps county branch Jails as will be suitable; West 906.80 feet to Comer No. S. the
on all sorts of queer craft. The Asso-ifor the purpose herinafter designated' Northwest Corner; thence South 69
ciated Press cortespondent saw many; The new buildings or the said exten- 48' East 176.80 feet to Corner No. 4.
Chinese women and children floating gions and additions to the present the Northeast Corner;; thence Stouth
along comfortably in zinc bathtubs, county branch Jails are designated to i 4 49 East 906.80 feet to Corner No.
which were mounted on rafts con-1 take care for and be occupied by the j 1, the place of beginning; containing
structed of doors and shutters. Farm-, Justice courts and suitable accommo-'a total area of S.014 acres. Expressly
ers brought their families to the cityjdatlons for Jurors engaged in the trial ' excluding area la conflict with Surrey
on great bundles of cornstalks buoyed or cases Also the safe keeping of
up by barrels and kegs. Bedsprings,! prisoners confined therein. '
cupboards, packing cases, ice chests I The maximum amount of mfeney au
and all sorts of furniture were tied thorized to be expended for the erec
!nto masses which kept ramilies afloat tion of the new building or additions
and landed them safely in the camps, and extensions to the present county
where food was available. Coolies i branch Jail at Lowell is Five Thousand
are also carrying many persons on I ($5,000.00) Dollars, and to the one lo
their backs. cated at Bisbee, Ten Thousand ($10.-
The food supply is limited in Tient- 000.00) Dollars. A premimum M 2
sin as a result of the severance or I Per cent of the amount to be expended
communication with the surrounding will be paid to the architect whose
country and Peking is drawn on heav-1 Plans are accepted, and the sura or 2
ily Prices have soared on all sorts Per cent or the amount to be expended
or commodities. ' for supervision, to the architect whose
In the higher parts or the Chinese P1118 are adopted. For further infor
city the police have thrown up tent nation of architects reference is here
colonies and have put refugees at I bv maJe to the Provisions or Title XL
work constructing matting sheds fori ot the Revtaed Statutes or Arizona,
rm ,
flood districts. Orders for bread have' T Board reserves the right to re
been placed in Peking and carloads I or all plans submitted. Plans
-Q vt tnilv ThU re-
lief is only temporary and the future
is black.
General plans for the protection of
the Tientsin basin rrom floods have
been under consideration ior a long
time. They involve changes in the
course or several streams and heavy
expenditures which the central gov
ernment has been reluctant to under
take. Such improvements would also
require several years, and it is likely
that the city will be diked as a tem
porary measure as 6oon as the pres
ent high water subsides.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING QUICK RESULTS
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3374.
Serial No. 036635.
United States Land Office, Phoenix.
October 31. 1917.
Notice is hereby given that R. A.
Bretherton and C. M. Henkel, co-owners,
whose postoffice address is Bisbee,
Arizona, have made application for
patent for the following named lode
mining claims, situated in the Warren
Mining District. Cochise county. Arizo
na, in Sections 13 and 14. Township 23
S. Range 24-E. unapproved. G. & S. R.
B. & M.. described as follows, to-wit:
"ROCKLAND" Beginning at crncr
No. 1. the S. E. corner, whence the
Wl-4 cor. sec. 18 T. 23-S. R. 25-E. O. &
S. R. B. & M. bears S.78 58' E. 3233.9
feet: thence N. 83 34' W. 1158.70 feet
to corner No. 2; thence N. 78 20' W
347.50 feet to corner No. 3: thence N.
2 14' W. 574 feet to corner No. 4;
thence S. 83 34' E. 1.500 feet to cor
ner No. 5: thence S. 2 o4' E. 606 feet
to corner No. 1. the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 18.658 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey No. 3158. Rolla lode of
1.8:S acres.
"BLACK BEN." Beginning at cor
ner No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence the
Wl-4 cor. or Sec. 18. T. 23-S. R. 25-E. O.
ft S. R. B. & M. bears S. 803' E.
4737.2 feet: thence N. 78 20' W. 1150.
50 feet to corner No. 2; thence N. 65
23' Wr. 377.80 feet to corner No. 3:
thence N. 2 04' W 530.40 feet to eor -
ner No. 4: thence S. 78 20' E. 1500
feet to corner No. 5: thence S. 2 04'
E. 617.60 feet to corner No. 1. the place
of beginning, containing a net area of
20.112 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Sunshine lode of this
survey of 0.208 acres.
"SU.NSHIN'E". Beginning at comer: and 1-5, Surrey Na 2244. SOuth Side
No. l.'the S. E. corner, whence the wland Surrey No. 2188, Worren lodes.
Shoe Repair
ing at Regu
lar Prices!
Brora
R. 25-E., G.
: & S. R. B. & M. bears S. 78 51 E. 6,-
256 feet: thence S. 82' 04' W. 9f,9.20
I feet to corner No. 2; thence N. 1 41' !
i E. 600 feet to corner No. 3 : thence X.
81 48' E. 900.10 feet to corner No. 4;
thence S. 1 41' W. 604 ',0 feet to cor
ner No. 1. the place of beginning, con
taining a net area of 12.8G0 acres, ex-
pressly excluding aera in contlict with
Survey No. 2112. Apache lode of 0.217
acre3.
The location notices of these claims
i a recorded in the office of the Coun-;
Recorder of Cochise county. Arizo-
na, as follows:
tucK so. 2 : ana survey o. Jias. Lar-
melita and Corona lodes on the West
, survey no. 1791. Laiumet lode.
T T ItlTI'TV
J. L. IRWIX, Register.
First publication. Nov. 7, 1917.
Last publication, Jan 16, 1918.
NOTICE TO ARCHITECTS
A i A to K acaKu aIwah ihn fVi A
Board of g upePvtao of Cochise coun.
ty gtate of Arlzona lnvitM architect9
m gubmit pans and speclflcatlons in
j detail for the erecUon and compietion
; in Lowell and Bisbee. Cochise county,
l Arizona, of new buildines or such ex-
uu. inu V.WC.
uv vu " o cioca a. m..
! December 3. 1917.
j Address all communications to A. C.
'
" . MA. gUil.lOU..
A. C. KARGER, Chairman.
Clerk. Adv-303
First Publication, November 21, 1917.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3277. 'Serial No.i
1-4 cor of Sec. 18. T.
C36120. United States Land Office,! ship 23 South .Range 25 East G. S.
Phoenix, Arizona, August 31. 1917. ) R. B. ft M. bears North 70 23 East
Notice is hereby grven that Alfred j 3S44.8 feet; thence North 87 11 West
Paul, whose post Office address Is 148.90 feet to Corner No. 2. the South
Douglas, Arizona, has made applica-! west Corner; thence North 60 13
tion for patent for the following ; West 16.50 feet along lines 1-6 and 2 3
named lode mining claims, situate In j Surrey No. 2186 Marquette No. 1 lode
the Warren Mining District, Cochise ; and Survey No. 2244 Bisbee Queen No.
County, Arizona: 3 lode respectively, to Corner No. 3;
"Don Miguel-
Beginning at Corner NO. 1, the
Southeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30. Town- j 2244, Bisbee Queen No. 3 lode res pec
ship 23. South, Range 25 East. G. ft S. , tively. to corner No. 4, the Northwest
R. B. ft M. bears South 85 36' East j Corner; thence South 87 11 East
4941.1 feet; thence North 69 39' West i 127.10 feet to Corner No. 5. the North
1500 feet along lines 1-6 and 2-3 Sur-!east Corner: thence South 48 55
rey No. 2244, South Side and Gold HUV East 915.30 feet along line 5- Surrey
lodes, respectively, to Corner NO. 2, i No. 2244 Bisbee ffiueen No. 3 lode tn
the Southwest Corner; thence North j Corner No. 6; thence SOuth 56 55'
32 25' East 467.50 feet to Corner No.' East 120.10 fet along line 6-1 Surrey
3; thence South 68 46' East 664.30 No. 2244 Bisbee Qnen No. 3 lode to
feet along line 3-2 and 4-5 Survey No. Corner No. 1. the place of beginning;
1781 Cave lode and Survey No. 2244 containing a total area of 1.849 acres.
Gold Hill lode, respectively to COrner expressly excluding area In conflict
No. 4; thence North 43 52' East with Don Miguel No. 4 Of this survey
163.20 feet along lines 2-1 and 6 6 of of 0.827 acres. The presumed coarse
Surrey No. 1781, Cave lode and Sur-' of the rein on this claim Is from the
rey N o. 2244, Gold Hill lode, re spec- Sonth end center North 48 56 West
i tively. to Corner No. 5: thence South!
69 38' 30 East 654.30 feet along. The locations notices of said clalma
llaes 3-2 and 6-1 Survey NO. 1953 Bryen ' are recorded In the office of the COnn
lode and Surrey No. 2244 Gold Hill ty Recorder of Cochise County. Art
lode, respectlrely, to Corner No. , the tona, as follows:
Northeast Corner; thence South 4j "Don Miguel." Boo 54 Record ot
49' East 236.40 feet to Corner No. 7: Mines, page 402;
thence South 32 25' West 391.20 feetj "Don Miguel NO. 1." Book 54 Rec
to Corner No. 1. the plaec Of the be- ord ot Mines, page 403;
glnnln;g containing a total area of. "Don Miguel No 2." Booh 54, Record
1 17.917 acres.
The presumed course of:
the rein on
this claim Is from the
West end center South '69 39' East
1500 feet.
"Don Miguel No. 1"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the
Northeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30, Town
ship 23 South, Range 25 East G. S.
i R. B. ft M. bears south 85 37
J 4935.1 feet: thence SOuth 32
East
2f.'
West 584 feet to Corner No. ;2. the
Southeast Corner; thence North 69
52' West 886 fet to Corner No. S.
Identical with Corner No. S Surrey No.
2244 South Side lode; thence North
48 52' West 614.60 jest along lines 3-4
' respectively, to Corner No. 4. the
, Southwest Corner: thence North 32
25' East 36140 feet to Corner No. 5.
1 the Northwest Corner; thencs South
69 39' East 150640 feet to Corner
: No. 1, the place of beginning; contain
ing a total area of 18.277 acres. Ex
i pressly excluding area In conflict
with Survey No. 1917. Bangor Lode of
j 0.123 acres. The presumed coarse ot
tne vein on tms claim is rrom tne East
ena coir iuru oo io nesi iijj w
ret
Beginning at Corner No. 1. th
(Northeast Corner, whence the West
vey, or u.us acres, ana survey no.
2019 Little Mary lode of 2.527 acres,
and Don Miguel Na 4 lode of this sur
vey of 0.866 scree. The presumed
ctourse of the vein on this claim is
from the North end center South 32
25' West 974.1 feet
-Don Miguel Na 3"
Beginning at Corner Na 1. the
Southeast Corner, wher&e the West
quarter Corner of Section 30. Town
ship 23 South. Range 25 East G. S.
R. B. & M. bears South 82 16' East
4606.1 feet; thence Ntrth 59 48' West
176.80 feet to Corner No. 2, the South-
No. 1953 Bryen lode exclusive of lis
conflict with Surrey No. 2244 Bisbe
Qnen No. 2 lode tf 1.403 acres. The
presumed course of the rein on this
claim Is from the North end center
South 4 49' East 906.8 feet
"Don Miguel No. 4.
Beginnlng at Corner No. L the
Northeast Corner, whence the West,
quarter Corner of Section 30, Town
ship 23 South, Range 25 East G. A S.
R. B. tt M. bears North 75 35' East
3334.5 feet; thence South 51 17
West 631 60 feet to Corner No. 3. the
Southeast Corner; thence North 53
22' West 1018.20 feet along lir 2-3.
Surrey No. 2244. Bisbee Queen lode to
Corner M. 3; thence North 48 56
West 447 feet to Corner No. 4,
the
51
the
56
Southwest Corner; thence North
17' East 500 feet ttt Corner No. 5.
Northwest Corner; thence South
55' East 1500 feet to Corner No. 1.
the place of beginning; containing a
total area of 18.913 acres, expressly ex
cluding area In conflict with Survey
No. Z172 Lena lode of 0.043 acres. The
presumed course of the rein on this
claim Is from the East end center
North 56 55' West 1500 feet.
"Don Miguel No. 4."
Beginning at Corner No. L the
Southeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30, Town
i thence North 48 56 West 1001.00 feet
along lines 6 5 and 3-4. Surrey No.
186, Marquette 1 lode and Surrey No.
1013.1 feet.
of Mines, page 404;
"Don Mtgnel No, 3." Book 54. Rec
ord of Mines, page 405;
"Don Miguel NO. 4." Book 64. Rec
ord of Mines, page 406;
"Don Miguel No. 5." Book 54. Rec
ord of Mines, page 407;
The names ot the adjoining clalma
are: On the newth the "Care," "Bel
tie Mary" and "Mascot" lodes; on
tie South, -Edith,' -Lena," "Marquette
1," "COra." "Bangor." "Buffalo," "Cir
cus" and "Warren" lodes: on the East
Little Elsie "Little Mary" and
"Ocatea" lodes: on the West "Last
Chance" lode.
3. L. ntVlN. Register.
First Publication, Sept 23, 1917
Last Publication. Norember 30. 1917.
fffii.Sftk NEXT DOOR TO
nil I;. RACKET STORE
VThUIvII PHONE 386
V THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 27, 1917.
FIVE
f
1
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word (or each
Issue, with minimum charge ot 2fi cents. Advertisements must reach Th
Review office not later than 8 p.m. for Insertion In the next mcrning paper
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Boy for shop work. Apply
Brophy Garage & Supply Co. 296
LEARN actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, redid, engineer
ing. T. M. C. A, Loa Angeles. Cat
alog free.
HELP WANTED Applications for
"Review" routes asked for from
WIDE AWAKE boys between IS and
16 years old. 126
WANTED Bell boy Copper Queen
Hotel. 448
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Chambermaid at Miners'
Hotel 456
Wanted
PRACTICAL nurse, house. No. 30
Tombstone canyon. 410
ADVERTISING SOLICITOR wanted at
' once. Write Box 1314, Bisbee. 424
ANYONE WISHING to join the Wooa
men circle at Lowell may do t'o by
calling at Mrs. Clement, across from
Brophy Blacksmith, Lowell, or Mrs.
Kindred, Naco Road. ?79
WANTED Woman to work in private
boarding house. Mrs. N. Swing, 1
Tank HiU. .... ' - 375
WANTED Piano pupils by an exper
ienced lady teacher who is a gradu
ate of the Cincinnati, Ohio, College
of Music. . One dollar a lesson. Call
at No. 4 Laundry Hill, or address
Georgia L. McGuire, General Deliv
ery. , 374
WANTED Typewriting to do at home
of evenings. Box 1370, Bisbee Ar
izona. 760
WANTED Telegraphers, stenograph
ers, bookkeepers; students earn
board, room tuition. Mackay Busi
ness College. Los Angeles. ' 789
WANTED To rent, two nicely furn
ished housekeeping rooms. Address
X. L. T, care Review. 457
WANTED 2 housekeeping rooms, Bis
bee oi Lowell or place for batching.
X V. Review. 444
Positions Wanted
WANTED Position, good hotel lady.
cook, waitress or chamber maid, j
Phone 330. give your address. 419
WANTED Position by experienced
nurse. Phone 661. ...'.. 411
WANTED Position by experienced
nurse, nursing. Call Red 478. 399
MAN AND WIFE (no children) want
permanent place on stock ranch, ex
perienced. Box 1279, Bisbee. 399
WANTED Yonng man wishes posi
tion as stenographer; experienced.
Address L D. W. care Review. 346 :
WANTED Position as practical nurse
or day work. Phone Blue 805 or 4?
Laundry HilL 442
For Sale
FOR SALE-Oakland six cheaD. self
trtr .i nnriiHMi Stmiv Plnr.!
1st at Phelps Dodge store. 369 j
FOR SALE 160 acres, good farming
land in Sulphur Spring Valley. E.
Sulger, C. & A. Office, Warren, 116
FOR SALE A bargain. One I passen
ger touring car and 1 1917 Ford, if
taken at once. Brophy Garage &.
Supply Co., Lowell. 297
FOR SALE Twelve stool lunch counter.-
A tntmey maker. Owner must
seek lower altitude. Inquire at
striped tent. Lowell. 701
FOR SALE Shoe shop in prominent
mining camp up-to-date machinery,
in perfect condition, good chance for
a good shoemaker. For information
call at Review Office. F. N. 249
FOR SALE: Lunch room and soda
water fountain, very low rent. Have
good reason for selling. Will stand
investigation. Address, Box 3074.
Lowell, Ariz. 335
PETEY DINK A Little Too True to Life.
- ' Maee-i. -oh DrAn-uwcce" C T s That vmhaXDoX os rf- T mk SHsr'sj -r"
VfUAYsTV-e ) I ten' Sans TMat I I A Gooo ipea-HEI T Voo THIN- J HOMCLV A-iTAT' Jf
For Sale
FOR SALE New house with sleeping
porch, all modern. Tombstone Can
yton, half cash, balance monthly
payments. Inquire John J. Eddy.
Fair store. 283
FOR SALE 6 room house with 2 lots
30x110, basement under whole
house. Concrete wall all around both
lots. 45 bearing fruit trees. All
fenced with wire fencing. Garage,
barn and chicken houses. -For fur
ther Information call on or address,
A, Parker, the Gyp block house build
er. P. O. Box 942, Warren. 315
FOR SALE or Trade, for property in
Warren District, 160 'acres with 300
inches of water from Imperial Val
ley, California river. Land is good
for alfalfa, cotton or hog ranch, or
can raise most every thing. See R. P.
Radich, Box 3088, Lowell, Ariz. 261
FOR SALE Series 17, six cylinder,
passenger Studebaker touring car. II
M. Gallagher, Phone 20. - 331
FOR SALE Ford touring body gotoc
Condition, cheap. City Blacksmith
Shop. 31
FOR SALE Two 3 room h'ouses, ont
4 room house, garage, on street cai
line: level lots, no hill to climb: 8
very good location; rents for $70:
houses in good condition. Tomb
stone canyon. $1,500 cash, balance
easy payments: party leaving town
Apply to M. C. H'-gh, Allen Block.
423
FOR SALE Fine lot, directly acrost
from Lincoln school, cheap, ready
for building. Call at Rooms 5 ant'
6, Allen Block. 418
FOR SALE Funiture for three rooms
complete, clean and good condition.
Cheap if taken at once, 105 Masot
Hill. 42t
FOR SALE Studebaker 7 passenge;
6 cylinder touring car In good con
ditfrn. Price $400. Apply at once
Long Trail Garage, Johnson Additioi
30!
FOR SALE Furniture of three rooms.
Nearly new, 37 Laundry Hill. 455
FOR SALE Folding bed cheap. Mrs
Higgins, Subway road facing Lincoli
Sch'JoL 452
FOR SALE Cheap, piano in good con
dilion. R. E. C, care Review. 438
FOR SALE New Victor Victrola
fumed oak with $25 worth records,
will sell for $100. C. W. Moon
Tombstone Canyon across from Lin
coin schctol. 43S
FOR SALE Complexly furnished
house, 3 rooms, bath and sleeping
porch, level ground. Phone Black 394
447
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Tn'o rooms for light
housekeeping, 69 School Hill, oppo
site Episcopal church. 39'
FOR RENT Housekeeping roomf
and cabin for batching, furnished
176 Naco road. 39?
FOR KENT Front room, furnished
Locklin car stop. Yellow house o
Jeft.
37C
FOR RENT Furnished .rooms fo
light housekeeping, water and lights
56 Upper L'Jwell, across from Low
ell depot 373
FOR RENT 2 partly furnished rooms
Price $-10. 123 Upper L'owell 36(
FOR RENT 2 rooms for light house
keeping. E. Sheldon, Winwood Ad
ditlon. 318
FOR RENT Furnished front room foi
one tf two gentlemen. A. B. Mc
Keen, Houston avenue, Warren. Bo
1350. 317
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished room
$2.00 pier wek and np. 40f
FOR RENT Light housekeeping
. rooms, 189 Temby avenue. 458
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
LABOR COMPANIES BEHIND LINE
LARGER THAN FIGHTING ELEMENT
BEHIND THE BRITISH LINES IN
FRANCE, Nov. 24. The "Labor Com
panies" form the greater part of that
"Army Behind the Lines," which is
now so essential a part of army or
ganization. The first British expedi
tionary force was almost exclusively
combatant, but today it is said that
one and a half men are required to
maintain one man in trenches, and the
army of labor has grown until it is
stronger numerically than the fight
ing army itself.
A labor company is a unit consist
ing of 500 men, commanded by a cap
tain and his staff. In April, 1917, one
year after the first formally designated
labor companies were authorized there
had been formed in England 34 labor
battalions and 119 labor companies for
service abroad and seven battalions
and 113 companies for home service.
All Trades Needed.
Under the new conditions of war
fare, every labor requirement of civil
life may be said to be paralleled in the
organization of the army. The per
sonnel of the lubor companies is ex
tremely various and interesting. It
consists in essence of those classes
of men who are not fit for the front
line, such as volunteers who are over
ase or soldiers who have served and
Incurred physical disability.
They build and repair roads, dig
trenches, erect defenses and redoubts,
construct and man light railways, and
handle heavy stores and transport.
The light railways behind the
irenches are under the constant care
Df the labor companies. When an al
lied advance is carried out and the
'Jermans driven back over a substan
i For Rent
TWO rc'jrn furnished house with
screen porch. Mrs. Winwood, . Win
wood addition. 349 ;
?OR RENT or sale, 3 room house j
pantry, chicken houe, and pen. Rear
of water tank. Miller Kill, $10, per'
month. Box 1874. 2901
FOR RENT Three room house; no'
children, 163 Art Hill, Tombstone
Canyon. 453 j
.OST
-OST Bunch of six keys between Shat-j
tuck and postoflice. $1 reward for re-:
turn to Review. . . 372
jOST Gold bracelet between Mvlzj
car step and upper Brewery Gulch. I
Reward. Return Golden Rule store.
443;
Money To Loan.
TiO.OOO to loan on improved city prop
erty or for building, on easy terms
of payment T. A. Hughes, overl
Rank o. Bisbee. 697 j
SMALL quick loans on your personal
node to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Room
2. Lyric Theatre building. 166:
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
AT CLEARY, painter. Member
Builders' Exchange. Box 1195. 347
Miscellaneous
IARVEY BLOCK. Johnson addition.
Dining room re-opened for boarders,
with room Vir without. Center of
mines. . 4-19
.
NES WAR BURTON, GOSSARD
CORESTIERE, has moved from Let
son hotel to Upper Main over Inde
pendent Feed store. Telephone ItiO
37G
I
OCrERT paper hanger and painter. C.
J. Brandt. Phono 456, Box 150. 579 ,
VE do general house cleaning, solder
ing, plumbing, repairing furniture,
stoves and painting. Phone 742, Gim
enes. Reasonable pr'ces. 52
PAY
tial depth of front, one of the first
tasks of the labor companies R to con
tinue the lines over the lacerated strip
of No Man's Land and the crater field
which as the enemy position, and
connect it up with wliat is left of the!
German light railway in the captured!
area. In the same way, shell-wrecked
and mine-destroyed roads near the
front line3 have to he repaired and
made possible for traffic. New or
improved switch roads have to bo built
to avoid dangerous and heavily shelled
points, and each step of an advance
is succeeded by an energetic period oi
construction in which labor companies
take a leading part.
Often Under Fire.
Often their work is -carried out un
der persistent artillery fire, for the
enemy fpeciaHzes in bombarding the
"back areas" in an effort to imped-:
the work of renewing communications
knowing the spots most likely to be
full of troops and workers. The fight
ing troops have only to pass through
these rear area bombardments, but
the labor companies have to carry on
their work amid shelling, and their
casualties are often numerous. Be
hind the British Hne3 are to be found
Zulu and Kaffir units from South Af
rica, Tonkinese and Arnamese from
French Indo-China, coolies from all
parts of China and natives of varied
type from India.
In a war which is now primarily a
war of organization and attrition, the
Importance of the labor orpinizat'on
cannot be overrated. : The work is not
showy or romantic, but it is frequent
1 Iy the foundation of victory. In the
army of the future, labor units will
play a large part.
SCULPTORS TO AID
LIMBLESS SOLDERS
LONDON. Several prominent Brit
ish sculptors are among the voluntary
workers at a naw war factory just
opened in London to provide special
splints and similar devices for injured
soldiers.
The 'splints are made chiefly of wa
terproofed papier mache from plaster
casts t&ken from the patients them
selves, and are light as air and per-fect-JUing
as compared with the olt
wood and leather splints.
In the surgical hoot department,
voluntary women workers, under! the
guidance of professional boot-makers,
will turn out leather and metal-reinforced
boots for convalescents.
BETTER THAN CALOIL
Thousands Have Discovered Dr.
Edwards' Olive Tablets are
a Harmless Substitute.
Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets tha substi
tute for calomel are a rrald but sara
laxative, and their effect on the liver i3
almost instantaneous. They are the result
of Dr. Edwards' determination not to treat
liver and bowel complaints with calomel.
Hi3 efforts to banish it brought out these
little olive-colored tablets.
These pleasant little tablets do the good
that calomel does, but have no bad after
effects. They don't injure the teeth like
stiong liquids or calomel. They take hold
of the trouble and quickly correct it. Why
cure the liver at the expense of the teeth?
Calomel sometimes plays havoc with the
gums. So do strong liquids. It is best not
to take calomel, but to let Dr. Edwards'
Olive Tablets take its place.
Most headaches, "dullness and that
lazy feeling come from constipation and
a disordered liver. Take Dr. Edwards
Olive Tablets when you feel "loggy" and
"heavy." Note how they "clear" clouded
brain and how they "perk up" the spirits.
10c and 23c a box. Ail druggists.
O. K. LIVERY AND
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Kenessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot." Ambulance
Red Cross Wants
Standard Goods,
Conditions which make it of the ut
most importance for chapter wcrk-
rooms to lollow exactly all instructi jus .
Irom tl.e woman's bureau regarding I
the making of hospital and refugee j
garments are the subjects of the fjl-l
lowing statement from Miss Florence!
Marshall, director of the woman's bu-1
reau, to all Red Cross workers:
The woman's bureau recently sent
two representatives to France to study I
the question of standardizing hospl.alj
and refugee garments. It was exceed
ingly important to have detailed ana.
authentic informaton so that patterns'
could be Issued for these garments.
to meet the esscn :ial requirements of
the various relief organizations
abroad. While a delay was inevit
able before full information concern
ing these garment- could be issued to 1
the workers, it was warranted by in
suring that only the most useful ar-j
titles would be shipped abroad. Tre-(
mendous pressure in transportation
makes ihis absolutely essential. j
Models Soon to be Issued. j
The representatives have now re-j
turned, and a full set of models is soon j
to be issued to the chapters. A pre-i
uminary bulletin, ARC 405, has already ,
oern issued on hospital garments and,'
supplies, and others are l follow. Al-
though the standardized garments may
not cover all the wants of all organiza-i
tions, the woman's bureau has assur-j
ance that they will fill all the most im-j
portant needs. Specialties will bej
made or supplied by the Red Cross,
commission to France.
Charges or new models recommend- j
ea nave not oeen ai unniruj ueuiueu
upon, but are founded on established
customs and conditions which can not
be ignored.
The representatives of the woman's
bureau visited many refugee work and
hospital locations, and noted carefully
the suggestions of those in charge.
Their notes were collated, and the op
.ion of both hospital and refugee gar
consulted was made the deciding fac
tor. The reports on the standardiza
tion o fboth hospital and refugee gar
ments were approved and adopted by
the persons in charge of the distribu-1
tion in France.
Urged to Fotlcw Directions. '
The woman's bureau strongly urges '
all workers to follow explicitly direc-.
tions as issued from time to time. Con-
ditions are constantly changing abroad f
and all organizations and individuals
must be ready and willing to change!
their methods. One wlj is unable or I
unwilling to follow ijirections will be,"
i hindrance instead of a help. j
Issuing new directions or changes,
ioes not mean that the old ones were'
useless, but that improvement have
been worked out. ' When workers are .
asked to stop making a certain articie ;
and to make another, it means thai :
the supply 'of the first article ha?, for !
the moment, filled the demand. I
Deep appreciation wa3 everywhere ,
expressed of the supplies heretofore !
sent from America. I
Under new management.
Expert horse shoeing.
Wagon work of all kinds.
Truck and wagon beds
made to order. Satisfac
tion guaranteed.
H. P.
FRIEDENRICHSEN,
Prop.
LEGAL NOTICES.
025782 0:r,S76
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior. U. S. land
office at Phoenix. Arizona, October
27. 1317. .
Notice is hereby given that Ira E. ;
Loomis of Buena. Arizona, who on Sep-',
tomber 25, 1914, made homestead entry ;
No. 025782, for wl-2 ne 1-4, sel-4 nwl-4, !
nwl-4 se 1-4. sec. 27; on October 12,'
i
City Blacksmith
Shop
Lodge
1.33EE. LODGE. NO. 71.
leets every Friday night. Moose Hall.
Isiting brothers cordially invited,
f. R. TONKIN. Dictator.
KAY ROSS. Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medlgovich
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month
Visiting brothers we!
come.
F. D. LANE, Councillor.
J. L. BENTON, Recording Secretary
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L- O. L. NO. 210.
Meets In L O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY
st 7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
era cordially
Invited to at
tend.
'3FO SLEEMAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 17C. F. O. E meett
lrst and third MONDAYS. 8. p. tn.
Cagles Hull. Visiters cordially "el
oine.
RICHARD DAVIS, President.
C. L EDMONSON. Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rath bone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
FRANK BRUNING. C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM, K, of R. S.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICN
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead S95, meets
second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows' hall. Visiting Archers are
iordially invited.
F. L. KROXSCHILD. Foreman.
P. O. Box 152.
E. D. STINSON. Correspondent
Box 1453.
1914. H. E. 025867 for el-2 nel-4, nel-4
iel-4, sw 1-4 sel-4. sec 27, township 21-s
ange 21-e, meridian, has filed notice of
Intention to make three year proof, to
establish claim to the! andabove de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor. U. S.
o .umissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, on
h? 4th day of December, 1917.
Claimant nnries as witnesses:
Wm. A. Morris, of Buena, Arizona.
Frank B. Moson of Lewis Springs,
rizona.
Cassias R. Ktrbles, of Buena, Ariz.
Paul H. Knoles of Buena, Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIX.
Register.
irst Publication, Ooctober 30, 1917.
Advertisement-201
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior. 1". S. Land
office at Phoenix, Arizona, Novem
ber 17. 1917.
Notice is hereby given that George
W. Keahey of Bisbee, Arizona, who, on
July 7. 1916, made homestead entry,
Xo. 030367. for Ownshfp 22S. range
23E. G. & S. R. B. & meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make three-year
pi'jof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor. U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 26th day of December.
1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Edward E. Thomas of Bisbee, Artz.
Charles N. Thomss, ot Bisbee, Aril.
August F. Bornego. of Lowell. Ariz.
Keller Hogan, Bisbee, Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First Publication. Nbv. 23. 1917.
Last Publication, Dec. 26, 1817.
Adv-361
!
Notices
WEEK ENDING DEC. 1, 1917.
Monday.
""uesdaj
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday Mark Master.
N. C. BLEDSOE, V. tt.
B. T. W ATKINS, Socy. F. A. L
A. M. COLWELL. E. II P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T.LK.
J. E. FRY, E. C.
F S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chapter
and Commandery.
W. R, BANKS. Secretary Council.
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Blsbe Lodge No
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medigo
vlch Hall. Visit
ing members cordially Invited.
PHIL. DAVIS. President.
MRS. C. K. FLNOTTI, Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, Red.
CATHERINE SALHOLM. Secretary.
I ' LODGE NO. 671.
I Regular meeting first and third FrV
: day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
R E. WARNER. Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY. Secretary.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple. No. 3.meets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of eacn
month at Odd Fellows Halt. Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
I ANNA HART, M. E. C.
JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. C
! WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets In Medlgovich Hall 2nd and
4th Fridays of each month.
HATTIE A. LUKE. Guardian.
PAULINE F. BROWN. Clerk
P. O. Box 62L
KNIGHT8 AND LADIES OF 8ECUR
ITY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115
Meets every Second and Fourth Sat
urdays in the nfrnth at L O. O. F.
hall, 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID. President. P. C
Box 34S3. Lowell. Ariz.
FREDFJUCK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary, IJbweli
E. LINDQUIST.
Financial Secretary. P. O. Box 324C.
LowtU.
BISBEE LODGE. No. 10, I. O. O. F.
Meets ever
I s7y s. evening at Odd
-" Fellows HaJL
Main street at 7:00 p. m. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to a'teno.
Hall phor e 111.
, GEO. MUNSET. N. G.
C D. KIR BY. Secretary.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets erst and third
Thursdays at T:40 p. m.
in Medlgovich HalL All
ridiUng R4 Men invite
to attend.
Wm. DELBRIDGE. Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Medicine Mas
F. C. VENDER SON, C of K
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbe Camr No. 134 IS.
Meets first Tuesday af
Odd Fetlows Hall.
R. L. MOTZ. Ccnenl.
H. F MATHEWSON.
Clerx.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
mpit in Masonic Hal'
Pearl Chapter, No. . meets
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of ec
month at 7:30 n. m.
MRS AWA C. RICHARDS. W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box 641. Bisbee.
MRS JESSE BEVAN, Sec'y. P. O. Box
2299, Chairman Relief Com. Phone 16L
WOODMEN OF THE WOLD.
t Lowell Camp No. 4 win
.
at 7:30. Brophy HslL
II. C. LANDAU, C. C.
All vvooaroen uvueu.
By a A. voir.wr
1SF
LB EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 27, 1917.
hi ir i mm ii n"fciiii i h i i r ii in 1 1 im inn 1 1 1 ir
The Home of Greater
Stars & Greater Plays
AGI
CONTINUOUS
FROM 1 toll
BLUE BIRD EXTRAORDINARY
Blue Bird Presents Its Special de Luxe' Feature
BLUE BIRD EXTRAORDINARY
"HELb MO
Admission! Matinee 15c, Nights 15c and 25c
G AN
G
. 99
A Wonderful and Spectacular Story of the Barbary Coast
Admission; Matinee 15c, Nights 15c and 25c
rn 1 1 ii i inui urn imwKi nrmmTii mi
Tonight Commenc
ing 6:15 P.
THFATRF
Tonight Commenc
ing 6:15 P. M.
"UNDER THE STARS AND STRIPES IN FRANCE"
The first complete and authentic motion picture record of the life of our army in France. Brimful of human interest, timely to the minute. You will be thrilled to the core. Also
LOUISE GLAUM in "THE STRANGE TRANSGRESSOR"
An Ince-Kay-Bee Production in Five Intense Acts
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
Business Locals
Dr. Playlalr. Osteopath, 98 Mastm
Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647.
ir. 231
MADAM CAGNEY
Reads your destiny. Call before
making changes or new investments.
In a tent across from Central Theatre.
Adv-47
It will pay you to nave us cneck the
electrical system on your car. Loh
man Wright, LowelL Adv360
When you need a plumber call Main
land & Williams, Phone 302. Shop in
rear of Orpheum. Adv-135
Better put that flue in before it gets
cold. Call Mainland & Williams,
phone 302. Shop rear Orpheum. All
kinds t)f sheet metal work. Adv-136
When your tooth aches, see a den
tist. When your battery is ailing, see
battery experts. Willard Service Sta
tion, LowelL Adv.-360
Call me when you want a careful
driver. I drive a seven passenger
Paige. Harry Lappas, Phone 366.-Adv
If you need a tinner call Mainland &
Williams, Phone 302. Shop in rear oi
Orpheum. Adv.-134
ORIGINAL- BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
Stags Line. !
i The original Tombstone stage leave ,
daily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co.," Phone 444. Leaves .
punctually on time daily. Night tele
phone, Green 368. 97?j
(Advertisement r ;
BALL
at
EAGLE HALL
WEDNESDAY
EVENING,
NOVEMBER .23
ATTENTION ELKS.
All members of Dishee Lod.ee No.
671 and visiting brothers, are requested
to meet at the Elks' hall, Sunday, De
cember 2nd., at 12:30 p. m. to attend
Memorial Services at Orpheum thea
tre a: 1:30 p. m. . R. E. Warner, Exalt
ed Ruler. Adv-451
CENTRAL THEATRE!
TONIGHT
COMMENCING 6:15 P. M.
TONIGHT
Eugene Stevens, electrical contrac
tor has just received a shipment of
table lamps, floor lamps, and a nice
line of chandeliers. He has them
on display in his place in the Cole
building. Warren, and on L'pper Main
street, where he is moving his busi
ness do the place next do'jr. Adv-454
GET IT
What you pay for. Lowell Paint
Shop. Phone 701,' Box 3994, Lowell.
Satisfaction guaranteed. Adv.-202
Kathlyn Williams and Wallace Reid in
Q TIMBE
R. R. WATCH INSPECTORS
Prompt repairing, careful workman
ship, courteous treatment. Lowell
Jewelry Shtip. Adv. 886
ROCKHILL'S STAGE.
Bisbee-Tombstone, Leaves Eisbee
Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a. m., 1:30 p. m. 7
passenger cars. Careful drivers.
Phone. Bisbee 5. Adv
MADAM J. REA KEYS
At the St Regis Hotel,
Room 10, LowelL Arizona.
PHRENOLOGIST 4. ASTROLOGiST j
The greatest livins: spiritually or-j
dained medium and crystal reader. I
Without asking questions I will read
your entire life. If you dobut my abi
lty, call and I will give you positive
evidence in your own life. 1 am not to
be compared with fortune tellers and
such like, impostors, whto prey uprn
the public with their unprincipled
methods. Engagement hours daily
and Sunday, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Advertiseajent-2"8
DOCTOR HELENE T. WEBB.
Has opened parlors for chiropody and
manicuring at the Boston Apartment.
Adv-246
A special meeting of the Warren Dis
. trict Soldiers' Comfort Association call
ed for Wednesday evening at 7:30 Y.
V. C. A. All interested in this move
ment are requested to be present.
Adv-441
A THRILLING DRAMA OF THE LUMBER CAMPS
MUSIC BY ORCHESTRA
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CTS. ?
i
Roval Th
mJ
7i
eatre
PIANO TUNING $3.50
Work guaranteed. Highest refer
ences. Phone orders till the 27th to
No. Red 815. G. W. Smith. Adv-428
The Elks will give a dance to their
friends by invitation. Thanksgiving
night Their friends can secure invi
tations from any one of the Elks.
FORDS FOR SALE
A 1917 second hand touring car.
good condition.
A 1915 roadster. Hood & Bledsoe,
Phone 686. 377
iCON O'KEEFE DEAD
i Advices were leceived here yester-
: day from Nogales that Con O'Keefe
Mad died in that city a few duys ago.
'Ie was one of the leading ckizens of
hat city. He formerly lived in Je
rome and when the Cansnea camp was
'irst started he was o!e of the orig
nal investors. He was well known
here and has hundreds of friends In
TochiBe county who will regret to
er:r of his death. He was 64 years
rt Pge at the time of his death. He
Swerved two terms as collector of cus-
!oms at Nogr.les under the republican
administration. He leaves a wife, two
sens and a daughter.
The House of Quality, Showing Clean, Wholesome
Photo-Plays. Catering to People of Refinement
WHO DEMAND QUALITY.
CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE 12 TO 10 P. M.
The Only Playhouse In Bisbee Where An Orchestra is
Employed Concert Starts at 6:30 Nightly.
Special Tonight
VAUDEVILLE Amateur VAUDEVILLE
4 FEATURE ACTS-4
The HeacTine "MUTT AND JEFF' ATTRACTION
WILL POSTIVELY APPEAR TONIGHT
Quality Picture Program
"THE VANISHED LINERIDER"
, American Girl Adventure.
"THE FILM FED FAMILY," George Ade Fable
'THE WORLD LIBRARY NO. 22"
Always Interesting
"HER PEIGNOR"
Sparkle Comedy
COMING TOMORROW
RAMONA
In Ten Massive Sections
Special Thanksgiving sale on all Mil
linery and hair goods. Black Silk Hat
ters Plu6h Sailors from $4 o $8. Sale
will continue throughout the week.
Mrs. J. E. Norris, Main street, 'opposite
Elks Club.
MISS LEE WILL TALK.
4
Miss Julia T. Lee, national secretary
!of the Y.. W. C. A., will address a
moQting of business women Tuesday
evening at 7:30. Her subject being,
; "Why the Y. W. C. A. is In War Work,
.and What It is Doing." Everyone in
terested in this work is invited to
jcome and a large attendance is desired.
WAS IN CITY.
William Hattich, former editor edi-J
tor of the Tombstone Prospector, but !
at present a resident of Los Angeles. !
was in the city Sunday evening on a'
short visit. He was accompanied by i
Carmen Giragi; one of the present
proprietors of that paper. They left
here and went to Douglas to be there
in time to take in the cabaret per-,
formanee8. Bill wanted to give tbem
the once over to see if they came up
to the Loi Angeles attractions. He
will return to his home in Los AngIe
in a ftw days. His mother, who was
quite Hi while living in Tucson, has
been much improved by the change to
the lower altitude.
REVIEW WANT AOS FOR RESULTS
MRS. ENGLE
wishes to announce to her old
patrons that she hus again taken
over the Letson hotel and will is.
future, as in past, run it in a first
class and orderly niannt-r. We
solicit your patronage.
NOTICE
I All barber shops will close at noon
I Thanksgiving.
DANCE
EAGLE HALL
EVERY
SATURDAY
EVENING
8:30
(F. O. E. 175)
SHAW'S ORCHESTRA
ji
ii
I
"A Story More Appealing Than 'HIAWATHA " ,fi
3
1
The
LYRIC
Beautiful
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
Continuous From 1 To 10 P. M.
'ANTONIO MORENO
"KENNEDY SQUARE"
A 5-Act Blue Ribbon Feautre
"BOBBY MAYOR OF KID CITY"
With Little Alda Horton in
BOBBY CONNOLLY
"BOASTS AND BOLDNESS"
A Big Vitagraph Comedy
ROYAL
! i -TgEBCti S !- m e tl M 1 11
COMING TOMORROW, WEDNESDAY, NOV. 28
CLUNES Massive Production of
le&en
acKson s
Historical and Romantic Story of California and the Mission Indians
ill w
I
U zs Li
v
THE SWEETEST LOVE STORY EVER TOLD
Faithfully Reproduced in Ten Sections Combined with a Prologue and Two Acts 1 000 Scenes, 5000 People, Seven
Months Making Carefully Cued to a Perfect Instrumental Musical Score.
A CINEMA THEATRIC ENTERTAINMENT
THE REASON WHY
8.000,000 Readers Have ENJOYED Every Moment of RAMONA Because 8,000.000 Readers Have DREAMED Every
Moment of RAMON A Because 8.000.RQO Readers Have LIVED Over and Over Again, RAMONA Because 8,000,00
Readers Will NCW SEE Their Beloved RAMONA Beca use
IT IS THE LOVE STORY OF THE AGES
MUSIC DY ORCHESTRA ADMISSION CHILDREN, 15c ADULTS, 25c
-1
n I Balcony
j I Lower Floor
..5c
10c
20c
Reserved Scats