WEATHER-
MARKETS.
NEW YORK CITY
Average price of cop
per for week ending
Jan. 31, 30.375.
mm
Arizona: Friday and
probably Saturday far".
Not so cold north.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 19. NO. 205.
B1SBEE, ARIZONA, FRIDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 2, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
Immigration Bill Again Passes
House Over Veto of President
Congressman Hay den of Ari-!
zona Joins in Supporting,
Literacy Test Against Wil-j
son's Wishes. t
PARTY LINES IGNORED
RTLL GOES TO SENATE
" " "i1
Measure Four Times Vetoed
by Presidents Is Believed'
Almost Certain to Become
Law in U. S. This Time.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Feb. 1. Presi
dent Wilson's veto of the Immi
gration bill because of its liter
acy test feature was overruled in
the House tonight by a vote of
286 to 106. Party lines were ig
nored in the fight. Republicans
and Democrats being almost
equally divided on either side.
Senate Favors It.
Tomorrow the action by the .
House will be reported to the Sen
ate where the bill passed orig
inally by 64 to 7. An effort to
override the veto will be made
there without delay, and advo
cates of the measure say it is cer
tain to be successful.
Fought for 20 Years.
For twenty years there has been,
a fight to establish a literacy test as
a restriction upon immigration. Four
times such a provision has run the
gauntlet of congress and been vetoed
by presidents. ' :
Tonight the House had 25 votes
more than the necessary two-thirds
majority. Republican Leader Mann
and Democratic Leader Kitchin voted
together against the President. , ,
The Vote Follows.
Democrats voting to override veto:
Abercrombie, Adair, Adamson.
Alexander, Aiken, Allen, Almon, Ash
brook. Aswell Barkley Bell. Black.
Blaeki.on
Ri,c hanin of Illinois. Bur- '
nett, Byrne, Byrns, Callan, Callander.
CantriU. Caraway, Carlin, Carter of
Oklahoma Curchill. Connelly, Cox.
Crisp. Davis of Texas. Decker, De
walt, Dickinson. Dies, Dill, Dixon, Doo
litt'.e, Doughton, Eagle, Edwards,
Evans. Ferris. Fields. Flood Candy,
Gard, Garner of Texas, Godwin. Good
win, Gray of Alabama. Gregg. Hamlin.
Harrison of Mississippi, Harrison of
Virginia, Hastings, Hayden,' Heflin.
Helm, Helvering, Hensley. Hilliard,
Holland. Hood. Houston, Howard,
Huddleston, Hughes, Hull of Tennes:
see. Humphreys of Mississippi. Ja
coway.' Johnson of Kentucky, Jones,
Keating, Kettner. Key. Kincheloe,
Kitchin Lazaro, Lee, Lesher, Lewis,
Linthicuni. Littlepcge, Lloyd. McClin
tick, McKellar. McLemore, Morgan of
Louisiana, Morrison, Moss. Murray.
Nelly, Nichols of South Carolina. Old
field, Oliver, Olney, Padgett. Page of
North Carolina, Park, Price, Quin,
Ragsdale. Rainey, Raker. Rayburn.
Rouse. Rubey, Rucker of Georgia,
Rucker of Missouri, Russell of Mis
souri, Saunders, Sears, Shackleton,
Shalk-nberger, Sims, Sisson. Slayden.
Small. Smith of Texas. Sparkman,
Stotgall, Stedman. Steele of Pennsyl
vania, Steele of Iowa, Stephens of
Mississippi. Stephens of Nebraska,
Stephens of Texas. Siout, Sumners.
Tulbott, Tavenner. Taylor of Arkan
sas, Taylor of Colorado. Thomas.
Thompson, Tillman. Vandyke, Yen
able, Vinson, Walker, Watkins, Wat
son of Virginia, Webb, Wilson of
Florida. Wilson of Louisiana, Wingo,
Wsse, Young of Texas.
Republicans to override veto:
Anderson, Antony. Austin. Beals,
Benedict. Bowers. Britt, Browne.
Browning Buttler. Capstirk, Coleman,
Cooper of Ohio, Cooper of West Vir
ginia, Cooper of Wisconsin, Costello,
Crago, Curry, Dale of Vermont. Dan
fortb, Darrow. Davis of Minnesota,
'Dempsey. Denison, Dillon, Dowell,
Drukker, Dunn, Dyer. Ellsworth, Emer
son. Esch, Farr, Fess, Foscht, Foss,
Fuller, Gardner of Massachusetts,
Garland, Gillette, Good. Gray of New
Jersey, Green of la.. Green of Veront,
Grist. Guernsey, Hadley, Hamilton of
Michigan. Hamilton of New York,
Haigen, Hawley, Hays, Heaton, Hel
gesen. Hernandez. Hicks, Hopwood,
Hull of Iowa, Hutchinson. Johnson
of Washington, Kearns, Krister. Kel
ley, Kennedy of Iowa. Kiess. King,
Kinkaid, Kreider. Lafean, Lafollette,
Langley. Lehlbach. Lindbergh. Long-
worth, McArthiT, MrCulloch. McFad- i
den, McKenzie. McKinley, MicLaugh
lin. Mann, Mapes, Matthews, Meeker,
Miller of Minnesota. Miller of Penn
sylvania. Mondell, Morgan of Okla
homa, Mott, Mudd, Nelson. North,
Parker of New Jersey, Parker of New
York, Peteis, Porter. Powers, Prett,
Ramseyer. Reaves, Rickett. Roberts of
(Continued on Page Four)
CALL FOR NATION
MED IN PRESENT PERILOUS
HOUR SOUNDED BY KITGHIN
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 1. Congress
worked today to clear the congested
legislative calendar undisturbed by
the situation brought about by Ger-
many's "Wlaration of ruthless sub
marine "arfare.
In the House, the only public refer
ence to the situation fell from th
lips or Majority Leader Kitchin, who
j pleaded for a reconsecration of patriot-
ism to the Union.
"It is incumbent In this grave time
upon every American citizen who
: loves his Country," he said, "and la
' doubly incumbent upon every Ameri
can representative in this house to do
everything that will promote in this
hour national unity
national fraternity."
r n i 1 1il-qHp
Senators Lodge and MeCumber, Re -
nublieans. delivered prepared speeches
on President Wilson's world peace ad'
REVENUE BILL
E
BT CLOSE VOTE
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Feb. 1. The ad
ministration revenue bill, framed to
meet the prospective treasury deficit
next year was passed by the House
late today by a vte of 211 to 196. It
now goes to the Senate
Republicans whose attacks on the
bill and Democrats whose pleas for a
return to high tariff rates had featured j 1,), chancellor von Bethmann-Holl-the.
debate, voted solidly against the and other ministers atlndPd an
measure and were loined hv the Pro
gressives. Representative London. 0f l
New York, the Socialist and four
Democrats. Caldwell. New York: Call-'
away. Texas, and Doughton and Page i
of North Carolina. Voting with the
Democratic majority were Representa-1
tives Kent, California, Independent,'
and Randall, California. Prohibitionist. :
Thp hill ta AfmtfrnnA In raiso flhut I
4io nnn njiii A .ii,-
military and naval expenses through
increased inheritance taxes and a tax
or eight per cent on net incomes MfitllinK and we pna11 b Victorious."
partnerships and corporations In ex- Tne chancellor explained why in
cess of an exempted $5,000 and eight, Mart" and Mav last 'ar he had P
per cent profit on investment. It also ! poxei unrestricted submarine war
authorizes bond issues aggregating j nd hy again in September, "accord
1100,000,000 to cover the purchase of ' tn to the unanimous judgment of the
the Danish West Indies, Alaskan rail
road and other permanent invest
ments. AMERICAN STEAMER
REPORTED DAMAGED
BY GERMAN "SUB"
PENSACOLA (Fla.), Feb. 1. A let
te rsaying the American steamer Win.
Jones had been fired on and damaged
by a German submarine some weeks
ago in the Bay of Biscay was received
here today from Captain Charles
Shrader of the vessel. It did not say
whether the Jones tried to escape
after being hailed, and gave no other
details except that she made poit at
Lisbon in distress and that one sailor,
frightened by the attack, jumped over
board and was drowned.
Trade Ships Vainly Seek
Orders From U. S. to Sail
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. Feb. 1. Collector of
A T, ..... ll.l j ti . . .
the Port Malone decided tonight to
niodiry his order under which ships
were forbidden ttj leave port after
nightfall and several vessels were per
mitted to pass quarantine. Every
ship was stopped, hjwever, by the
torpedo boat destroyer assigned to en
force neutrality and subjected to a
thorough examination.
NEW YORK. Feb. 1. A definite
ruling and instruction from official
sources as to future movements of
American ships was asked of Secre
tary Lansing at the state department
10 STAND
t dress presaging them with words ot ,
j caution. Senator Lodge declared that f
! the German note had heaped upon the i
I President a great responsibility and
added, "no word shall fall from my !
lips which might in any way possible
embarrass him at such a time."
May Address Congress.
Reports were current during the
I day that the President was preparing ;
to address congress tomorrow or'
I Saturday, but no word had been sent
from the White House regarding
plans for a joint session, nor had the
President tonight called the foreign
relations committee in conference.,
Senator Hitchcock, acting chairman of!
the committee, said after a brief call ;
.at tha U'hitn UAnaa thftt ttla citltattnn !
was indeed grave. He did not see the
1 President but thought a conference
i might he held after the arrival from
St. Lc
Louis of Chairman Stone.
GERMANY STAKES
"EVERYTHING"
TO
j
Chancellor Hollweg Says It!
Will Bring Swift Victory, !
i j c J J
that tnglands hood and j
Metals Will Disappear. i
i
(By Review Leased Wire.) I
BERLIN, Jan. 31 (via London, Feb. I
imnortant n,PetinS ot the ways and
means committee of the reischstag to-
a .i.:k .. .,.s
. ,
: was gone over and new steps planned
by the central powers were consid
ered. The chancellor opened the Fit
ting with a speech of which the key-
note words
were: "We have been
challenged to fight to the end. We
accept the challenge, we stake every-
political and military authorities, the
Question was not considered ripe for
decision."
The chancellor repeated his previ
ous utterances that as soon as he, in
agreement with the supreme army
command, reached the conviction that
ruthless submarine war would bring
Germany near a victorious peace, then
the U-boat war would be started.
"By this development of the situa
tion the decision concerning subma
rine warfare has been forced into the
last acute stage," said the chancellor.
"The question or L'-boat war. as mem
bers or the reichstag will remember,
has occurred three times in this com
mittee, mainly within March. May and
September or last year. On each oc
casion in an exhaustive statement. I
expounded the points for and against
in this question.
"I have always proceeded from the
standpoint whether IT-boat war would
(Continued on Page Two)
president
(today by P. A. S. Franklin
of International Mercantile Marine
.
Mr. Franklin said unless instructed
to the contrary by Washington, the
liner St. Louis would sail Saturday
for Liverpool, the regular port
ofi:
destination.
President Franklin officially advised
the state department that the St
Ijuis Is an American ship, owned by i
American citizens. Insured by I. 3. j
war risk bureau, carries as passengers
American citizens and as cargo such
merchandise as in compliance with
the government war risk bureau regu
lation with reference to contraband.
(Continued on Page Five)
W
FY PFfl I Tl (1 NCiaZZene
LMI LU I I I U II:
STARTS ON
LAST UP
TO U, S.
Picturesque Caravansary of ;
Thousands of Mexicans '
Coming With Them Colors
Trip Brightly. ,
, ARE DUE TO CROSS
j INTO 119 FFR '
HUU U. J. TLD. J(
,
Three Thousand Mexican and
500 Chinese Stragglers Will
Be Interned in the United.
States for Safety. ;
(By Review Leased Wire.)
TEMPORARY . KIEL!) HEAD
QUARTERS (American .Punitive
Expedition) Ojo Federico. Chih.,
Feb 1 (by aeroplane to Colum
bus) The punitive expedition to
day entered on the last, lap of its
withdrawal from Mexico. When ,
it recrosses the border line on
February 5, there will have passed
327 days since the first troops
left the United Slates in pursuit
of Francisco Villa.
Cclorful Journey.
! Surpassing in interest the secrecy
'that has cloaked the troop movements
has been the exodus of Mexicans
j along the American line of communi
I cation. On foot, in rickety wagons,
on burros and scrawny ponies they
are proceeding and flanking the long
columns or inarching troops. Figures)
?pl.le blore ,he, -vfuJon f i
oIoma Dublan, unul recently the i
pprmaneilt tMi headquarters of the'
expedition, show that nearly 2,000 j
Mexicans and 500 Chinese, most of
tne '"er having been employed by ,
tU troops, had packed their scanty j
! oeiongings ana taken advantage or
the American offer of protection to
j migrate to the border.
Refugees by Thousands.
When the last stragglers arrive at
the border and are taken in charge
"V the American authorities, it is est!
mated by the army intelligence de
partment that there will be 3,000 Mex
icans and 500 Chinese to be cared
for by the L'nited States. This com
pilation does not include the hundreds
who have fled to Juarez by rail over
the Mexican Northwestern.
Mexico Disillusioned.
"It Is an exceedingly sad comment-1
nry on conditions in Mexico." said '
Major General J. J. Pershing today, i
"when 3,0i0 natives will leave their !
homes to follow to an alien Jnpd an
invading army they had been taught
to hate and fear. Before we came,
they believed we would burn their
homes, ravish their women and exe
cute those who protested. But after
ten months' experience with American
aruiy methods, they are heartbroken
over being forced to face former liv
ing conditions, and those who can
are accompanying the troops."
The refugee problem, which was
unexpected, complicated but did not
delay the w ithdrawal. This was car
j ried out with a speed and precision
that spoke volumes for the Intensive
training the expedition has received
I In the lust ten mouths.
GERMAN FREIGHTER
SINKS IN CHARLESTON
(By Review Leased Wire.)
CHARLESTON. S. C, Feb. 1. Fed
eral officers had been unable tonight
to ascertain the cause of the sinking
of the German freighter Llebenfels,
which settled to the bottom in the
harbor here today under circumstances
that led marine men to believe she ;
had been scuttled.
When the Liebenfels was first
noticed I'j be sinking, the tub Cecilia
offered assistance, but it was decline'1.
The ship gradually settled until sh-?
touched the bottom in about "0 feet
of water.
OTHER NEUTRALS GET
GERMANY'S WARNING.
LONDON, Feb. 1. A Vienna
dispatch to Reuters via Amster-
dam says Count Cherln, the
Austro-Hungarian minister or
foreign affairs, has sent a note
to the neutral countries respect-
ing intensified naval warfare. It
is along the lines as the German
note to the l'nited States.
r . .
certain;
Capital
r
Whether President Wilson al
ready has sent Germany a note,
or what action he has taken is
not known, but a decision has
been reached.
Apparently Germany's action
has forced the American govern
ment to break off relations with
Germany.
It will mean the withdrawal of
Ambassador Gerard and the whole
embassy from Berlin and the clos
ing of the embassy at Wnshlng:on.
Austria is unofficially reported
to have made a similar war zone
declaration, and Turkey is expect
ed to hourly.
Wilson's cabinet meets today.
It is rumored President Wilson
will go before Congress. He pre
viously promised he would inform
that body before breaking rela
tions with any country.
Other neutral powers have re
ceived s?me note from Germany.
.Holland has forbidden sailing
of all vessels,
. Wild sessions reign in stocks,
grains and cotton markets.
Arizona legislature assures
President it is behind him loyally.
BILL III HURRY
Votes Fifty-One Millions and
Asks If It Is Enough, in
View with Threatened Crisis
with Germany.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Feb. 1. Tne
annual fortifications bill, carrying
$51,000,000 passed by the House
Monday, passed the Senate today
unamended. Usual objections were
lacking, the only senators who
sugg:sted changes expressing con
cern as to whether the amount
would be Sufficient in. view of the
situation with Germany.
Chaos Reigns In
Chicago Wheat Pit
May Wheat Plunges Down 15
and a Quarter Cents, and
Then Jumps Half
Back in a Hurry.
By Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO. Feb. l.-The shock of
the German note demoralized prices
on the board of trade I'oday. particular
ly at the opening when May wheat at
the bottom was 15 1-4 cents under the
previous close and May pork showed
a decline of J2.85.
Roughly calculated the close of the
markets was with about half of the
initial loss recovered.
One important local h'-mse on the
selling side of the market for weeks,
was said to have cornered heavy pro-
Hughes Rouses
Cheers For
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, Feb. 1 Charles Evans
Hughes, who was guest of honor at
the annual dinner of the New Vjrk
Alumni of Brown I'niversity here to-
I night, declared every loyal American
ntfuiu niaiiu i iiiii.i i hi.- auiuiiiiiiiiuiiifii
I "in this solemn hour" without a par
tisan thought. His declaration brought
the diners to their feet singing "The
Star Spangled Banner".
"We are all Americans tonight
standing behind our President, on
whom this great responsibility rests,"
said Mr. Hughes. "It is n)t a time
to embarrass In any degree with priv
ate utterances those charged with this
responsibility. They have the facts;
Sllill
'senate passes
! FORTIFICATIONS
w p awisi i w w
to Germany
I ensesix
As Bitter Note Drafted
Final Decision Believed Already Struck, Which Will Preserve
the Nation in Peace or Plunge it Headlong Into World's
Greatest War Only the President and Iinsing Know
Which Shall Be America's Fate.
SOME THINK PRESIDENT ALREADY HAS
I DESPATCHED HIS REPLY TO GERMANY
But the Only Men Who Know
f resident Is hencing for Time, in Order to Assemble Navy,
Army and Get American Ports Ready for Eventualities,
Following Diplomatic Break.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 1. Whatever course of action
President Wilson has chosen to meet Germany's declaration
of unrestricted submarine warfare is known only to three or
four members of his official family. Neither the cabinet as a
whole, nor the foreign affairs committees of congress have
been taken into his confidence.
Bernstorff Expects Break.
I One high official close to the President declared tonight
! that no communication had been sent to Berlin or to Count
j von Bernstorff, who outwardly was expecting a severance of
diplomatic relations.
Note Promptly Drafted.
There was every indication in official quarters that a note
had been determined upon, but the indications as to whether
! it actually had been dispatched were about evenly divided.
with a few high officials as authority that it had not and som5
others who gave intimations of a belief that it had.
From under the curtain of official silence, drawn closely
over every move today, came various indications taken every
where as index fingers pointing toward the probable course of
the United States.
Challenge Is Sure.
It was undisputed that the government would not per
mit Germany's announcement to stand without challenge.
But whether President Wilson's answer will be a solemn
warning of a break in diplomatic relations if Germany's cam
paign of ruthlessness is carried into execution, or actual sever
ance of relations without further waiting remained undisclosed.
Cotton Drops $25
Per Bale On Alarm
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. Feb. 1. The most
sensational break in the history or
cotton future markets followed the
German submarine announcement at
the opening of the exchange here i'
day. Before the iirst call was
com-
pleted. May contracts had sold at
12.50, making a decline of $25.81 a
bale from the closing price of yester
day and a new low record for the sea -
son. An almost equally rapid recovery
followed to 1T.25, but increased ofler
ings aided in a second break to 14. SO
for the May position.
Disturbing rumors of unfavorable
shipping or diplomatic developments
kept the market in a turmoil during
the entire day, with May closing at
, . i . i j : . . . i. . l.
... i 19.11, ur Huuiu points amne i:it;
"yilow level of the morning. The gen
eral list was feverish at the close
with prices showing net i'oss of 211
to 254 points as compared with Wed
nesday's closing figure.
fits for its customers by buying on the
break
Gossip on the board estimated
this house was short fifteen to thirty
million bushels before the sensational
news of yesterday became public.
Net declines for the day were 5-8
'j 8 3-8 cents in wheat: 2 3 8 to 2 3-4
1 in com; 1 1-2 to 2 3-4 in oats, and in
provisions rrom 52 12 cents in July
lard to $1.67 1-2 for July pork.
Audience To
Wilson In Crisis
they have the duty to perform. They
have the sincere, loyal co-operation of
every true American. The exigency
of no nation can fix the limits of
American rights.
jy friends, in this sober hour we
stand loyal sons ot RiViwn, realizing
the privileges of our American citizen
ship. It is an hour oi test that will
show what America is made of. We
are desirous that whatever is done
shall be done cooly and deliberately
and in a manner that will giv to
every American of seuse a profound
satisfaction by reason of the wisdom
with which the honor and rights ol
our country shall be maintained."
- Believed
Are Silent Capitol Believes
Secrecy Is Tense.
Public officials and Seeietary Lan
sing followed the same course they
' have adopted on previous occasions
when a communication had been dis
j patched to Berlin and they were wait
: ing its receipt in the German capital
' before making any announcement In
this country. It was a course of ab
solute silence, of flat refusal to d's
close any information whatever to dis
. cuss the subject in any way. or to
"''--
I And.. ..
any inquiries upon it.
All the day's developments followed,
this same rouise which has become
familiar to close observers or the
! procedure of the administration when
, it is dealing with a foreign crisis.
Lansing Evades Callers.
Secretary Lansing began by deny
ing himself to all callers. Notwith
standing it was the regular day for
receiving representatives of foreign
governments at the state department,
he declined to receive such persons
as the British and Japanese ambassa
dors and they were turned over to
sul ordinate officials.
Meets President.
It became known th.-n that Mr. Lao
sing was engaged at work "on some
thingafor tin I'resident."
Shortly before noon the secretary
went to the White House taking with
him so!ne j.uments. and instead of
going to the executive offices, went
to the mansion itseir. where be and
the President conferred undisturbed
for more than an hour.
When he left the President. Mr.
1-ansini: refused absolutely to discuss
the situation or answer any inquiries.
Then later in the day. when he met
newspaper correspondents, he said:
"I have nothing to tell you: neither
will I answer any questions." "
He modified his latter statement
only to say that lie had no communi
cation throughout the day with th
German ambassador, adding that there)
was no prospect of any announcement
during the night. Among those cap
able of knowing the probable course
of the President, the point of debate
seemed to be whether a communica
tion to Germany would carry only a,
warning, or whether it would consider
Germany's declaration sufficient In it
self Tor action. All seemed to tak
it for granted that a decision had
been determined upon quickly.
U. S. Fleet Mobilising.
It was pointed out that one reason
Tor withholding knowledge of th
President's course Is the necessity of
completing certain arrangements,
many or a physical character, to pns
pare the country for eventualities
(Continued on Piy 2) TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 2, 1917.
lien cms mm 15,000
VOIES OFFERED FOR TEN DAYS
XC'II
Yesterday was certainly a busy .day In .the list 01 candidates published
for the Contest Editor. Willi the au- j yesterday, the name of Mrs. Frank
nouncement 'of names of candidates, ; .Hosier was omitted. The mistake
came a score of inquiries from those! was an oversight on the part of the
who did not know their names had ! contest editor.
been sent to the Keview as possible! ln yesterday's rush of business,
candidates. We naturally expected a ; I'ananea was left out entirely so that
number of requests to have names ' today we must add to the list the
withdrawn, but this was not the case. ' name of as
Of course there were a tew, but a representing that little city in the bat
very few, w hose time was to lakea up j tie for votes. Otherwise everything is
with other business of greater iin- j lovely. -'
portance that they felt they could u'jt A.- was announced some days ago,
give the proper time and attention to the contest department will be kept
the contest just now. How ever, all ' open till further notice, till 8 p. m.
i 1
prizes of-: unable to drop in during the day.
So. .Mr. Reader, now that the game
is fairly started, look over the list of
should not overlook the tact that names of candidates, pick your favVr-
and magnificence of the
fered.
The yourg women and their friends
HINGIS, DIRECT FROM TRENCHES. IN U. S. ON FURLOUGH
as a
caiidiJ.-ie in this Arizona's big-; thing possible to make her campaign
i;est and guaiest contest. Just thiiikj "one grand success."
CANDIDATES SHOULD NOT
OVFiiLOOK. THE OPPORTUNITY
OFFERED THEM DURING THE
NEXT TEN DAYS. 15.000 ' EXTRA
VOTES FOR EACH CU B OF FIVE
ISI LSCRH'TIONS OF SIX MONTHS
cf it. A $1535 Chandler Six, seven
passenger touring car for a few weeks'
effort. The seven passenger S;ude
baker is everything to be desired in
automobiles, and toe Chevrolet has a
reputation among Chevrolet users that
sr..aks worn!"!- for this d;iss of p.i:lo-
mobils. Any of these prices are wp!I L U:H oii K KQl'IVALENT.
wrth the effort of any voung wjruaii ! It is not necessary that all five sub-J
for the short time in which the coa- ! scriptici.s should be lor six months'
test is to run. deration each, but any five subscrip-
It may be v.eli to remind the candt- lions whose aggregate length of time
dates that the automobiles to be giv-. equals that of five subscriptions lr
en as prizes in the Review content are i months each, or any five subscrip- j
at the Cisbee Auto company's garage tions amounting in ail to thirty months
where they may be inspected. Do not w ill entitle the candidate to an extra
forget that there are seven other ballot of ir..000 votes.
valuable prizes to be awarded, making : Positively the Best
ten prices in all. The above is positivelv the best of-
T " -
- ; V
r- ;Wjr. ' : .
f3 11 I V
- 'im"? 4 i V -1
Start Tomorrow
and Keep It Up
Every Morning
Get In the habit of drinking a
glass of hot water before
breakfast
0 AiONDS
French soldiers snapped cn steamer before disembarking- at New York.
jl: .ler of F;e:uli soldiers, ci'.v
.hi t:-cr.;
e::t x:.
Th.
of Fiance, a;-rived in New' Yo: k a f . v.- '.
!.. !:.'.'t.. 't'h-jy are he e or. a slio.T. f-j
.. slight wuuiids.
cut ion. For that the Ger.nan people
The names of the candidates will ap-; fer of votes cj be made during the I aie grateiul to iis emperor and iuni-
pear again in the Review in t'.ie issue entire contest. The candidate will re-d tary authorities."
or Sunday, Feb. 4. The publishing of ' reive more votes for her efforts dur- i "What Germany does, it does from
the number of v'jles polled by candt-'jng the next ten days than at any now on in the interest of neutrals,"
BELIEVE CHALLENGE .
: Ill UtHMANI UERTA1N
dates will begin with this issue.
RATHER FIGHT U. S.
THAN RECALL "SUSS"
that before breaking relations with
!:; country he inlor;:i tVeni. Sen
K?or HiU'hcock. ranking Dv-tuoi riuie
liemhir. v. as at the White House
Juiing the day, but was given no in-
j formation.
(Continued From Page One) J The usual cabinet meeting- wiii be
bor or the wish Hint the doubts which ; Great Britain and her ariies, the news- : which would be expected to io!iov a held tomorrow afternoon. Colonel E.
have tetn expressed may prove false paper continues, irom mis me con- u.pioiuaue. oreah.
elusion may be drawn that Ger.aU
n;ay in justice expect that its con-
other time during this campaign.
says Die Poast, alter recapiiuiiiUi
what the new measure will win foi
BERLIN" (via London). Feb. 1 Dr.
Theodore Wolff, who iu bis writings
in' the Tageblatt lrtherto has beer
p. consistent opponent of unrestricted
submarine warfare, today expresses
neither ajipijval n-.r dis?pnrovaI of
the; newly-announced measure, con
tenting himself with devoting- more,
than thn e-fourths of his long er!itor:a!
to p colorless reoun.e of the chancel
lors' speech and the note to the United
States.
"The .i'ililary aut-tori'Vs nre one
w'lh the chancellor, who cannot ar.v
mc:c fce accused of 'ti-eaknesx' by his
opponent sowing to l is view that un
restricted submatine warfare may anil
must b" undertaken ?s a means of vi'
toty." spjs Dr. Wolff.
"As in the summer and fall of last
year the opinion of tiie military au
thorities had to be taken as dec isive,
it must for those who have UiVr
this or that viewpoint to be decisive
now. Standing before the accom
plished fact, everyone can only bar-
and ihat the hopes linked with this
greatest of all our undertakings iwtty
' re realized. Nothing caa be more
urgently desired than the realization
of the wisn that England may be
brought to peace by this weapon."
The Vorwearts, the socialist organ.
; duct will be sanctioned by neutrals.
! or at least be borne iu silence. Shouio
; ft be otherw ise, should certain neu
j trals, as often has been the case, at
i tempt in unfair partisanship to put
I he saleguaroing
ol American "ports, satety ol Ameri
i sans iu Germany, the present e. of
; Ger.i.J.n ships in American harbors
, and maiiv other consioerations are
among them.
'i lie last correspondence with Ger-
M. House spent the ;iay here but left
tonight for New York. In ac-Ji.ion
to a long talk with the President, he
saw Sect eat y Lansing, Counsellor
Polk, Secretary McAdoo and Post
master General Burleson.
It was stated that the Preciuent
l
e re not here long, so let s make
our stay agreeable. Let us live well,
eat well, digest well, work well; sleep
well, and ICok well. "What a glorious
condition to attain, and yet, how very
easy it is if one will only adopt the
morning inside bath.
Folks who are accustomed to feel
dull and heavy when they arise, split
ting headache, stuffy from a cold, foul
tongue, nasty breath, acid si'jinach,
can, instead, feel as fresh as a daisy
by opening the sluices of the system
each morning and bushing out the
whole of the internal' poisonous stag
nant matter.
Everyone, whether ailing, sick or
well, should, each morning, before
breakfast, drink a glass of real hot
water with a teaspooiuul of limestone
phosphate in.it to wash fro.n the
stomach, liter and bowels Jhe previous
day's indigestible waste, sour bile
and poisonous toxins: thus cleansing,
sweetening and purifying the entire
alimentary canal beAire putting more
food into the stomach. The cciion of
hot water and limestone phosphate on
an empty stomarh is wonderfully in
vigorating. It cleans out all the sour
fermentations, gases, waste and
acidity and gives "jne a splendid ap
petite for breakfast. While you aie
enjoying your breakfast Cie water end
phocphate i.i quietly extracting a large
voiitme of water from the blood and
getting ready for a thorough Hashing
of all the inside orsans.
The millions Vf people who are
bothered with constipation, bilious
s.peils, stomach trouble; others who
have sallow skins, blood disorders and
sickly complexions are urged to get a
Quarter p'jund of limestone phosphate
from the drug store. This will co-t
very little, but is suitxie.it to uia.te
anyone a pronounced crank on the
subject of iuside-bathing bi tot;e break
fast. - (Advertisement)
DIAMONDS
DIAMONDS
DIAMONDS
DIAMONDS
DIAMONDS
WATCHES
WATCHES
WATCHES
WATCHES
WATCHES
WATCHES
Gilmaii
EYE NERVE CLASSES
Permanently located
In Bisbee. except
Mondays in Doug!a3.
Rooms 10 and 11
Maze Building.
DR. R. GLAZE, Neurologist
Phone 156.
sill
after pointing out the advantage of j diliiculties in Germany s path, then
the parliamentary system which di- i they must remember that the Ger.nan
vitles responsibility, declares this di- nation, 'as much as it is inclined to resume,
vision in the present case, does not j take neutrals into consideration, in
prevent a common goal and that the ' the future will not allow the scope oi
"entire Gennan people are agreed up- I activity of its warships to be depend
on the use (if the proper means for ' -it on auy other powets not partici
reachiug that gonl. j paiing in the war.
many, which demanded the total oan- j h;,d n.ude no arrangements for going
aounient of such sumnarine warfare ; before Congress.
as the central powers are about to I pi:hi;c opinion in this otusn'rv is
declared that the United being caiefully considered not so
Stales would sever diplomatic tela- r-ivch as a decisis for o. L it ta in
tious "altogether"; this is interpreted i uk-aung the ih.at of t';e i;i.-,t step
as leaving no opportunity for half jt, n. The ok"; i t!s -erik:,
way measures; it means the with- j that a severe nentai wiench mu.U be
druwal of Ambassador Gerard and the . c::poiie.i( ( d to turn public kouuh;
to the evei.t'li li-
iiie ur-siioii of what means are Hie mviuciDil.iy ol the Ucrman whole eii.bassy stall trom Uerini and ! front hopes of pence
proper," says 1'ie newsjiaper. "is not j decision is certain this time." tne closing of the German embassy J tiHS 0t Gennauy's action,
to te solved by discussion in meet- j here. ;
inss or hv ii, wsTHimrs" . AMERICAN GOLD BUYS
wspapers.
Oo;n! von Hever.tlow in the Tag"S
Zeitun? eoateuds hir :se!f with reprint- !
ing e-drats from earlier editorials
SOUTH AMERICAN WOOL
"I told you so" at-
DALTIMOHH. Fi
j the first oi tiie
-b. 1. The Ausable.
three ttesi.-'.siiipf;
in as iiuK'h as any action by the
United States vould be d. reeled
iicainst Germany as a naUon pud not ,
agaiust her anibasador as an inuivid- j
ual, it was ti;ought unliKely that a :
severai-.ee would be announced by th i
1 ueliveiyot passoits to ( omit von
y formal notilication to Berlin of
GERMANY STAKES
:? ines. Tiie erctny's uifli; ultii-s are i
rendered still more acute by the in- l
creasing lack of enemy cargo space. .
In this respect ti:su and U-boi-.t and
cruiser warfare have prepaied the
group for the decisive blow. j
"The entente suffers owing to li.ck
of cargo space. The lack makes itself
i"e!t in Italy and Fr.ii.ce i;o less t'tau
in England. If we n:ay tov. vt attire
to estimate the posiiive advantages of
unrestiicted U-boat war at a vt ry
much higher value than List sprk.g
the dangers which arise for us from
l'-toat war have cot re ;p(ii;!iu..ly de
creased since t'nut time."
O. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite DepcL Ambulance
Have th
CITY PARK TAILORS
make your next (ult. 3000 pat
terns to pick from. C'nder new
city park, Bisbee.
iUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicit Your
Patronage
PHONE' 58
I , .,..,-, --
CKIGHESTsl S FILiS
X :o Uru ' 1 brk nftnitcW
V-'l Tl. V; ilt'j if T!P v
V rt-ts L". . S-tn.t Jliwi kehi. !
SOLD K P'.2!T?ST5 E-f Ci'tthLRt
and assuming an
titude. j v'hich left here at intervals during
ns-gard'ni: t!:e effect of liie new'or- j the ,aHt two "'onths with consi
ders o:i the United States, savs: I '-"ents, of gold for South America, ar-
"ITow the United States will act rived at Duenos Aires yesterday, at- the Ameiican government's decision.
toward ?e note remains to be seen, i fording to a dispatch received here.
"For Americans the question now i u is learned on unimpeachable a il
ls acuie. The decision now tke:i j t!,orit' that the gold on the Ausable,
bv the Getmun empire and the em- j as wt'" as tll:!t on t'le "tht"r ships
pire is irrevocable, and will not be , the Mauniec and WinneLago is in
altered in the slightest in its prose- I tded to pay for the large part of
. i the wool crop of Argentina.
r
INTRANCE
ON
SU9WAY
S'.REET
RlTA
SATURDAY SALE
Fres h Ca rn a lion s
Per
Doz
The
w hich has
I been bought by American and Drit-
ish interests. It was inadvertently
, stated in a ptevious dispatch from
i Daltimore that the gohV was intended
j for the German raiders operating off
. the, coast of South Americ a.
! GOVERNOR PAR!
BIRTH C
CNS
NTROL WOMAN.
I N'CW YOKK Feb. 1. Mrs. F.thel
Byrne, who has b'-en s.-rvins a thirty
;!ay scitenre iii the penitentiary cn
i'.hi'kw til's Island lor spreading birth
control propaganda, v. a.; pardoned to
j night by Govern- Whitiiian.
GIRLS! DRAW A fylOiST
On Sale In The "ANNEX Store
Saturday 9:30 A. M February 3rd
J
DOUBLEITS BEAUTY
Try ihis! Hair gets thick,
glossy, wavy and beauti
ful at once.
iii-mediate?--Yes: CVrt.iin? that's
iiie joy ol it. Your hair becomes light,
wavy. Huffy, abuiidam and appears a
sV.it, luiitrous and beautiful as a young
g.ri's alter a iJanueriue. hair cleanse
Ju--t try this moisten a cloth w ith a
little Pandcritie and carefully draw it
through your hair, taking cue small
strand at a time. This will cleanse
tiie hair of dust, dirt or everss oil.
and in just a few moments vou have
doubled the beauty of your hair. A
iteiigtiUut surprise aails those v. ho; t
iu.;- ha.-, b'-en iieciected or is sclat-y
iua-.id. ti.y, brittle or thin. Beside:
bc.tuiilyi.ig the hair. DandcritiC dis
aj"r.'e every parti'le .( dandrulf:
cleanses, pariiies and invigorates the
sra'p, forever stepping ttcbinj at: l
killing h;iir. but what will pi. use you
tiio: t will be after a fcw wrcka' u- ,
when you see new hair line and dow
ny at lirst yes but really new hair
growing all over the sc::lp. If you
care for pretty, soft hair, and lots ol
it surely get a 3-ccnt bottle of Knewl
tVm'.s Dandcriue from any drug store
or toilet counter at.d just try it.
( Advertisement )
The delivery of passports to the am
bassador would be left as a formality
of the future.
Austria and Turkey are expected to
make similar war zone declarations.
The fitft notification tht Austria haii
joined Germany was in news dis
patches Irom I'aris. No official an
nouncement has reached here toiiigir..
Tiie oaiy aiiauuuccmeiil the Ger
man ambassador made today was to
deny a pub!. shed report that he. told
!i flielid he expected to u ceive hi;'
passports within li njt;rs. There was
j no dMi ing, however, that Count von
Ilernstortf fully expected the actio!:
of the trailed Stutt-s to be swift nil
u-'cisivr-. It bet me' know n that se-. -
Iciiil ikres iluiing the, last week he
; had attempted to iiiseoi.i age Air.eri
cms Irom sailing for Kurooe. Ik' ha.
Ci ckned to write h-ti-is of idet.iki
cation for frit nds 4ml on other pit
texts, without disclosing what w;':
about to happen.
Thcie i'ppareiipy is no differenci
of opinion that Germany's action na
fi.rced I he A. in rican government o
break olf reialious with Germany.
I'lcNious cases merely have in
voiced isiilati'd instances lor wnlri.
i-l'oiogy or reparation couhl be oln.rec.
or a new annoiiuccmi lit which conle
be modified without admission of de
ll
(Continued From l'agu Onej
bring us nearer victorious peace or
not. Every means, I said iu March,
that was calculated to shorten the
war constituted the most humane pol
icy to folio. When the most ruth
less methods are considered best cal
culated to lead us to swift victory, I
said, then they must be employed."
"This moment has now arrived." In
continued. "Last autumn the time
was uot yet ripe but today the mo
ment has come when with tiie great
est prospect of success we can un
dertake the enterprise. We must
therefore not wait any Ion cor.
"Win re has there t.-e'-n any change
iu the situation '."' the ciuinccllor
asked. "In the first place, the most
important fact of all is that th" num
ber of our submarines has be n vc r
considerably increased as compared
wiih hist sprang, and theicby a firr..
bash; for success has been established
The se'-ond d cisive n ason is the
bad cereal harvest of the world. This
fact already confronts F.n.lar.ri.
France find Italy with serious d'lficu!
li- s. . !'ich l y nr-ans of uiirc -strictvd
I'-hi.iit war, wiil be l.roi'gl.; to a point
ol uni eanibteness.
" i he ccal ipiesi I'll. tin,. Is a v i t
vui:;ii;ui in war. .!ie;;(-y it is c;i'i
cal as vou know, in Kr;i:i'-e stiici li;d.
ur subm'ai he's v ill make it s'.ill more
ci itical.
"To this must be added, esptciall
as regards Knglani!, the supply of ore
Watkiss & Bergqtiist
Quality Jewelers
The Best Opticians
. I The HALLMAKiy tore
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE .
The best ot everythinz at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 50c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .CO dinner from
I0 to 7 : 30 p. m. Kegniar board by the month, 5
$9 by the wek.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
'I he present is regarded as rep I for th,' production of iiu:iit or.s. in the
Ic:
i eventing a mature policy made in
fuil consideration ihat it will cost th
fr.ei.ushiii if not tut neutrality ol th
I'nited State sand probably o'her i.ei;
trals.
l'reparalions arc now known to huv
ben tinder way iu German for mouth,
ti ml lb" information allowed to pas.;
the censorship to have been cntircl;
misleading. I'.ethimmn - Hollwcg':
Fpei-ch l'id:iy is interpreted as di:
piovjng statenints a!lo"cd to come le
this country that the chanccIJoi war
oipi)s (i to uur sti icicd siilunariM' oj.
i.-iiioiis. The fail strjd :out that o
f.ciallv CicrniJtiv h;is ucld off lien-sii-
H a policy, not because ol inter
tiHtioual law or coti.-idetaiion loi b
Fnited Sta'cs. u' hecau:-" t-he del
r.ot feel it t xpcilieiit at ail arl!c:
li...e.
t'liairjiian St'im-, ol II e Senate tot
i iciations coililil.ttee. tclegl'dpheii
li;e While Mouse that he would airiv -from
Sjt. l.i.ui.s at l p. m. tomorrow .
lie pi oh: :ly will ses- the i'residelll dill
in.'- the cif'enu.o'i.
"'ia previous ociHsion the I'resi
den' i, in. ii ).. i, i th.- oomniitti',
w'uest sens;'
ind of ti.iibtr for coat
A RAW, SORE" THROAT
Eases Quickly When You Apply
a Little I.iustero'e
ti
I
' Ai.d MuMiu.lc v v. t ,;;t, r hki
ol l-l.iliii,i:i (l m;!.-ur.l i ;,it, r. Ji: :
.pn.nl it ml with v i :r :.mi.ii;. I; 1 1 n.
Iriiis t.i the s- fc spft ill: ,i g. ui t
t'i"i!. i -ci:- li'-c n-.-i n .'u , .
out the it!:,'; , !! jtm.
.,ji:-.:. ri V- j-. .1 v!e.-;i. wh l.. t.irtT.ct .
i" nie wi.ii o.l ..I nuiit.ipl. It :-, : t..
'i":. k r. li. i t' .r s i, ;'.r... I. I - ,i:.'i,., .
t'-.i .-tltt:.., cro;i;i, ttist r.t'.k. i.;linn. icr.
rih'i.i, I:ead.iche, coiict -tii?, jv tin
r'iciiiii.!ti:Pi, Jiunljjsf, p.un., ar. J a. !u. ..
lite back or joint, s-rjir. -..-re nvir:!'
I'ruist j, tlii!jl.iin, Irc-.-t-.1 Jr.-t. o'-'.'l:.
the elicit fit often prevents put unii mi i
Nothing like Mi!-.tcru!c f..r croiipy chi'
dlc kn-p it huuly foi- iciant n-c
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Bostcn. Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Eryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
I nfe-
i t;xc. .
L.
A LITTLE TALK ON LUMBER
ni.iy put you in the way of suving
a lot of money. Come and hae
it with us. W'c want to prove to
ytu how the best lumber is the
t hea pes t at the start us well as
in the end We cannot thow you
the physical difference between
poor and the best lumber for we
do not handle any but the latter
quality.
Bishcz Lumber Company, inc
EMIL MARKS. Mgr.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE 25. V
(
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 2, 1917.
THREE
PREPARE FOR TRADE
WAR NOW, MERCHANTS
URGE UPON AMERICA
KANSAS CITY,- Feb. 1 Kansas
Oily and vicinity faced a temperature
tmiiL'lit vvtiwli thA "iivernmenl Wenth-
WASIIINCTON. Feb. 1. Immediate I " ,. . .....
measures to safeeuard American buss- , . , .. . i ..
int a. in ' ps ln ,i0;n,s below zero before day-
ness in the economic struggle cxi ect- , , ., , . , .. ,, .
, I break. J lie thermometer registered
eu to iohow me sl.ui uyvuu war fti'rr
urged today by the Chamber of Com
merce' of the Fnited States in the
...in ni Til (inn O d (IT-it I in rt '1 i T .1-1 f r . ,m
its foreign relations committer. The j between here and the Gulf of
15 BELOW FREEZING LORGH SCORES AGAIN
SLATED FOR KANSAS' BEFORE AUDIENCE AT
. ORPHEUM THEATRE
'two decrees below zero at 7 o'clock
tonight.
Clearing weather covered thp terri-
'Today" Exceptionally Good.
Tonight Company Offers a
Rollicking Comedy "Baby
Mine A Strong Bill.
affairs and how far to a miscarriage of,..nfi I IMP OTftMCC"
plana for canning trouble in India amll flULLl II U 0 I UliUU
among Indians outshle India during'
the war. My own Impression is th:.f
Germany thought India would need
very little extraneous prompting and
assistance to rise against the ItrilUh
if (he latter were in serious embarrass
ment owing to a bit? continental war. Edgar Selwyn's Famous Stage
and that therefore not very much a'
tention was paid by the German gov
IS SCREEN VERSION
OF LEGITIMATE PLAY
report declared for "most favored na
tion" clauses in all trade treaties be
tween the United States and foreign
countriefc.
"We strongly deprecate the long
continued failure of our government,
while negotiating commercial treaties,
to sPek and employ the advice of our
business men engaced in foreign
trade." the report continued. "At no
time in our history has this question
been more important than now, con
fronted as we are by the difficult and
novel problems arising out of the un
precedented European conflict.
"Foreign newspapers Indicate that
the nations of Europe, divided into
two great warring factions, are all
planning to adopt special arrange
ments to favor their allies and to re
strict their enemies' trade after the
Again Theodore Lorch and his very
.Mexico. lira(lfreiur in mnunciu , .... .
, . , , ! 1.1, .audience at the Orpheum theatre when
Kansas. Ok ahojr.a. lexas and Ark-I , , ,
ansas ranged from 8 to 2- degrees
above zero, the latter reading being
reported both from Amarillo and Lit
tle Rock.
ANOTHER PITCHER
FORSAKES FRATERNITY
NEW YOItK, Feb. 1. The New
York American league club an
nounced today that it had received
the signed contract of Jack Enrigbt. !
"Today" was ofiered. Though in a
much more serious vein and culminat
ing in a terrible climax this play
bi'jughl out the abilities of the vari
ous characters as the previous night's
performance did not d-j.
Modern times, today, might he the
theme of last night's offering. The
story told was rather sordid but thi
feature was minimized by the excel
lence of the production throughout
and the cleverness of the Hues of the
pluy. To say that the company di'i
the vehicle credit would only be giv
ing the members of the organization
due credit.
Mr. Lorch led. He is possessed o!
one of. the best speaking voices evei
V. . . .1 An . . ,. : II ; . V..,,, An
. , , . - . - , . . it a i u wii iur puikc ill Dinvrc. Jw
with the Newark Internationals last; , . .. . . , , . ,
.,-1 i ..kii i. i other feature w hich is marked he is
war. Therefore, it especially behooves . .. 'not "stagy." In the final scene tin
. , . , iter from he player to President L)a-i , ,. .. .. .
us as a neutral nation most carefully rim v -t leading man gave his audience heaviei
to studv how these many European ! vid u,,2 of ,lie 1 laors fraternity, materia, in beltPr fasnion thiU1 lt na.
agreements will elect ur trade." i in w,li n he asks ,h ,atter ,0 acrep been in the custom of receiving . Al
The committee proposed that ithei1 resignation from the fraternity. . bm staDeU as Hernian Wagner, wab
chamber submit to a referendum Enrlght wrote: j fully as good in his characterization
whether is should urge the state de- 11 1 mour.ni me piayers were riui of the 0i,j German as he was the previ-
partment to conclude nationalization pt"K D lnPm. DUl in lma
treaties with all the other nations. I rase I have viewed it from every an
gle and cannot see it as they do."
BLIZZARDS RAGE IN
CALIFORNIA; TRAINS DELAYED
ous night in bis delineation of the
part of the fop. His characters are
well drawn and (the best that can be
said of an actor) not a bit overdrawn
On this occasion it might be well
DUTCH FORBIDS SAILINGS. to apologize to the Women of the
LONDON, Feb. 1. The Dutch gov- Lorch company. Perhaps their part?
;-rmient has provisionally foi bidden : were better, perhaps they had more
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 1. Five the sailings of.ali vessel, according ; opportunity to display their abilities.
overland trains on the Southern Pa-1 to a Renter dispatch from The Hague. Miss Fay, in the leading role was ex
cific railroad arrived last night and i This includes neutrals. The govern-, cellent and she was not ahead ol
today, after delays ranging from 24 ,
hours ui; occassioned by blizzards, j the routes to be followed i nthe future
By tomorrow night, normal schedules after a conference with the ship own
will be maintained. ' eis and naval authorities..
nent intend sto finish indications of i either Miss Fisher, in the character
I part of the old German mother, or Miss
McWilliaras, as Mrs. Garland. Prai ti
-n Omar ornar
g
OMAli
! CttC:
OMAR
cally speaking, a new face appeared
last night (though she did, upon sec
ond thought, take a two minute entry
Wednesday evening) in Miss Elsie
Wnger. She was excellent ;n tht
nn.l .1 . I V . . .. . . J ...
I iiiamiiri oiiu uiu uui iiair auuu. il
hair.
Tonight the Lorch company will
come back to earth and give Disbee
a real treat a wholesome, rollicking
I and, it might be interpolated, a side
splitting comedy "Daby Mine." Sure
j Iy a company which is so capable as
to be able to handle "Under Cover"
and "Today'' with satisfaction to all
will be able tj make themselves
doubl) welcome here with a string
,of laughs. "Raby Mlne is from the
i pen of Rox Beach and was the scream
of Uiciulway a season ago. If a
laugh is wanted, don't fail to see
"L'aby Mine.
, Last evening it was announced that
the Lorch company would remain in
:risbee to anj including Sunday night
and w ill also play a matinee here
.Sunday afternoon. On Sunday after-
ji.';on the company offers "The Ros
ary"; Saturday night, Stevenson's im
mortal story, "Dr. Jerkell and Mr.
-- - . ifiiri iiii.
will be exceptionally good but it has
not been announced by the management.
Take txvo Omars and write them
Oniaromar you get the word
aroma. Take o?ie Omar Cigarette
and smoke it you get the real aroma.
Omar aroma is a soothing and con
tenting balance of rich Turkish and
ripe accentuating leaves. It is smooth
and yet edged in its aroma-tones.
Omar the perfect Turkish blend,
liven the words blend.
CIGARETTES
It's the Omar-Aroma that counts'
Guaranterd by
jrpj Cents
r
GERMAN INTRIGUE
IN INDIA FAILS
THRUCLUMSINESS
Sanity of Great Indian Public
in Withholding Its Support
from Consniracies Said to
Have Saved State.
SIMLA, India. (Correspondence of
it? Associaiea i-ressj hrom a time
early in the war right up to the pres
ent moment Germany has never ceased
j attempts to stir the Indian Empire to
I revolt, according to Sir Charles Clevo
j land. Director of Criminal Intelligence
in this country, who made this state
ment to a correspondent of The Asso
ciated Press. Sir Charles characteriz
ed the plots as "clumsy, belated, too
theoretical, and based on a misunder
standing of Indian character", and de
clared that the scheme failed chieflv
because of "the sanity of the great
Indian public which has withheld its
support."
Sir Charles is reputed to know more
about those in whom the Secret Ser
vice naturally would be Interested
than any other man in India. For
i years he has made a study of that
class which favors the darkness ot
night for Its comings and its goings,
and now as head of the Secret Service,
the government relies upon him to
clu'Ck untoward occurrences in any
section before they have grown into a
serious menace.
"There has been some trouble In
India",' said Sir Charles, "but it has
fallen very far short both of the pic
ture drawn in enemy publications and
of the enemy's desire. The state of
India all through the war seems to
have exposed a very big miscalcula
tion on t.'ie part of the Germans.
"lt would be Interesting to examln
how far this miscalculation wis dua to
a misunderstanding of normal Indiau
eminent to instigation in India bciore
the war. Where and how did the Ger
man government get that idea? Was
it conveyed to them by secret and un-
V-nown agents or by their consular of
ficers in India or by some over con
fident Indian Extremist or by British
oanic mongers? It is difficult to say
for certain hut I remember that some
vears ago an Indian Extremist leader
nsed the following words to me:
" ' shall certainly try to pnibnr
rass you actively in India if you have
a war with a Continental power or
with Afghanistan. Our feelings are
Inn on that point unlehg, indeed, self
'nterest or some special reason dic
'ates a passive attitude to some or all
it us. But never again will you -find
uch positive assistance as we gave
vou at the time of the Boer War."
"My Extremist friend went on to
'ell me that we were foolish to think
we could count on the Indian army.
t the time I thought my friend's atti
tude was pathetic in its self-delusion
ind time has shown that I was right.
"After the war broke out the Ger
man government showed a willingness
to spend money lavishly on Indian
crouble, but there was no sign of
'financing' of troublesome schemes of
Individuals before the war. In lll't
ind 1914 a German viewing the situa
'ion in India wath patriotic anti-Brit-'sh
eyes would have observed the fol
lowing phenomena: A rapprochement
between a section of Indian Mohame
dans and the Yung Turk party in
Europe; an anarchical revolutionary
movement in Bengal with some ramifi
cations in the north of India; a latent
movement of Extreme nationalism In
the Bombay Presidency and some oth
er places; an unrestrained 'Ghadr'
movement among Indians in the I'nil-
ed States and Canada, and a certain
amount of Moslem dissatisfaction in
he north of India and along the North
West Frontier. I think it was beyond
the power of any German to decide
whether these phenomena were the
signs of a deep and widespread unrest
of merely local surface disturbances
and I feel sure that in order to inter-
oret them the Germans consulted ex
iled and partisan Indians who were
out of touch with India as a whole and
wh) therefore magnified their own
views and feelings and those of their
friends and associates out of all reas
onable proportion.
"For the first few months of the war
the Germans waited for the Indian
storm to come of itself as they had
been led to believe that it would come.
To begin with our enemies based ex
travagant hopes on Turkey's interven
tion, but the Indian Mohamedans as a
whole took this with extraordinary
alra and resignation. Then came the
'Ghadr' invasion from the fnited
States, Canada and the Far East, but
that broke itself hopelessly on the
good sense and feeling of the Punjab
tmblic and on the resourceful admin
istration of that province.
Disappointed by these failures of
he Indian trouble lo arrive automati
cally, the Germans realized that they
must attempt direct assistance and
turned their attention to the Bengal
revolutionary party. After six months
nr so of the war the Germans had es
tablished a regular bureau of disaffect
ed Indians in Germany itself, among
whom were included some leading
members of most of the disturbing
movements already mentioned. I'nder
4 their advice grandiose schemes were
evolved for the supply of arms, ammu
nition, money and even German sol
diers and sailors to the revolutionaries
'n Bengal and to the disaffected Mos
lem fanatics in the north of India.
"The schemes all miscarried hope
lessly; remittances had a way of get
ting intercepted by the wrong people;
ships on secret German errands kept
knocking up against the Allied war
ships, aud last, but perhaps not least,
most of the moves In the plots were
promt ply reported to us all along by
our own agents. These plots are still i
continuing but there is little sting in j
them and I am afraid the Germans
themselves do not believe in them very
strongly.
"I should like to b eable to say that
the frustration of the plots has been
due to the Indian Police and to the
Vehicle .Made Over for the ;!
Screen With Owen Mooie S
and Miss Courtot.
lt is probably true that tiie rolling
stone gstliers no moss but. as Buck
Ryder so s:ig-ly rt-maiked to I)avei
Fulton "Who wants ix citther moss? t
And they are the boys who ought to
know all about the subject lor they
are the "Rolling Si'jnes" in the Fa
mous Players Film company's adapta
tion of F.ilgar Solwvn's celebrated J
play of that n:mie in w hii h the two ! j
sp-iit cre.-ii fnvoriies. Owen More j 3
aim .uar.iii rue i'ir:oi. iii' co star
ring. fltt-un li.r.rr. Tl-nu ,f ,1... t..a
.1, i',,.,-, ui mi- iiiiiiiiiA
stone variety and Marguerite Courtot' J
is me wen. not ir.o moss, 01:1 tnej 5
instrument of the su Iden redemption i
from the rolling. Mie at least stops i
that particular swne Irom rolling any
further down hill. Of course he is
only a rolling stone in the sense thati
tie has not yet lounu hiniseir, tor the
boy is n t in the least vicious at heart
and when he sees this delightful lit
tle girl Norma sliP at once arouses all
that is be.t in him.
"Kolling Stones," by the way.
marks the first appearance of pretty
little Marguerite Courtot In a Fan.'JU"
Players production as she was one c!
the first stars enaaged after the an
nouneement of the formation of the
Famous Players-Lasky Corporation
She is unquestionably one of the most
p'jpular ingenues on the screen and
has been a shining sircor. light for
the last four years. The play marks
Owen Moore's second stellar role for
the Famous Players since rejoining
that company, as he recently co
starred with Hazel Dawn in an adapta
tion of Roi Cooper Megrue's celebrat
ed stage success, "Fnder Cover."
"Rolling Stones" was selected as
an especially adaptable play because
there is so much action in the story
and because the many compilations
of the plot are so readily evolved on
the screen. Nor is it by any means
devoid of thrills in its adaptation. In
one of the early scenes Mr. Moore is
found dangling by one hand from the
top Vf a bridge, threatening to "end
it all" by letting go; then there are
near hold-ups, bank robberies, and
numerous adventures with , a trunk
that is weirdly stocked with feminine
and male attire.
When the play was produced on the
stage it was declared by the metro
politan critics to be one of the most
delightful combinations of lauchs and
thrills which had been seen for many
a seasou. Iu its moti'jn picture form,
produced under the clever direction of
Del Henderson, the play, which is the
Paramount attraction at the Central
theatre, Ixiwell, today, is even more
amusing and thrilling. j
Among those who appear in support
of the stars are: Denman Maley, j
Alan Hale, and Ma Fitzhugh.
CORNS LOOSEN OFF
WITH MAGIC "GETS-IT"
Two
Drops Do the Workj
Painlessly. i
"I tell you. before I heard f j 3
'Gets-Il' I used to try one thini; after i J
another for corns. I still had them, it!
I used bandages and they made my
1 IIC
0
r
Corn Trie ou Meat Try -U.--It
nod 'l aoy U i'e-l Iltit
toe so big it was murder to put on
my shoe. I used salves and other
things that ate olf more of the toe
than they did the com. I'd cut and
dig with knives and scissors, but now
nv more fooling for me. Two drops
of 'Gets-It' did all the work, lt makes
the corn shrivel and set so loose that
you can just pick it right off with
yours fingers!"
There has been nothing new dis
covered for corns since "Gets-It" was
I
115 LADIES OF BISBEE AND VICINITY ENTER
IN RACE FOR VALUABLE PRIZES
horn. It's the new wav the common-
branch of that service under me, but j st.nse. simple, sure way.
I gladly admit that it has been chiefly "Gets It" is sold everywhere, 2Tc
due to the sanity of the great Indian ' a bottle, or sent on receipt if price
public which has withheld its support.
We had hoped to learn a great deal
from their system and methods but
they seem to us to have been clumsy.
belated, too theoretical and based on
a misunderstanding or Indian char
acter."
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
by E. Lawrence & Co., Chicago, 111.
Sold in llisbee and recommended as
the world's best corn remedy by
Phelps, Ilodge Mercantile Co.
ALMOST HERE
5
Ask Art
!
vo
MA
IH3
"THE ONE BEST BEST
of the Entire Contest is Now On 'Till Saturday Evening,
February 10, at 8 P. M.
-a
,000 M
Extra
Votes
For each club of five subscriptions of six months each
or the equivalent.
Read the contest news on page 2 for full explanation
of this offer.
VOTE SCHEDULE.
VOTES ALLOWED AND SUBSCRIPTION PRICE
FOR PAID-IN-ADVANCE SUBSCRIPTIONS TO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW.
3 months subscription $ 2.25 500 Votes
6 months' subscription 4.00 1 200 Votes
1 year's subscrpticn 7.50 3C00 Votes
2 years' subscription ! 5.00 8000 Votej
Ncte: The same number of votes are allowed for
either NEW or RENEWAL subscriptions.
Good for
5C00
VOTES.
Nomination Coupon
Good for
5013
VOTES.
Bisbce Daily Review Greater Automobile and Prize
Contest
Nominate Mrs. or Miss .."
Address (Describe location) .'
Phene Number P. O. Box
Nominated by myself or -
Address
Note: Names cf parties nominating candidates will not be divulged
without the consent of persons so nominating them. Only one nomi
nation coupcu will count for each candidate.
c" Vote CoopOB i"
The Bisbee Daily Review
Greater Automobile and Prize Contest.
For Mrs. or Miss
Address
Not good if !cpi Mted at't.r February Sth. Clip as many of these
coupons as joii ran and uk your (.-.onus to dip them for you.
Coupons inn t be deposited in flat packages and not rolled. C!i;
neatly n border lints.
ft FOUR
THE BISBEE, DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY MORNlNGj' FEBRUARY 2, 1917.
fike iiltsUie Daily &?ui?:iV
Published Every Day Except Monday by the
Slate Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39. -Branch
Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 3, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable in Advance:
PER MONTH .75
THREE MONTHS 2.25
SIX MONTHS '. 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.60
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter 75
m Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
PHONE NO. 39.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Oaily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will con-
-1 j .. t is .. i .1 i : ! i
to xne uircuiation Department me messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Friday Morning, February 2, 1917.
Ccient areas back from the rim to permit the construction
cf roads bhall be included within the National Park. In
order to be sure that the boundaries of the proposed
National Park will be entirely satisfactory to all con
cerned Congressman Hayden has forwarded maps show
GRAVE TURN
IN "LEAK" PROBE
inu its limits to the Arizona State Land Commission and Mysterious Private W ire Flay
ed Part In Spreading Pre
mature News of Wilson s
Peace Note.
to the Board of Supervisors of Coconino county for their j
approval before the bill is considered by Congress.
Section 2 of the bill provides that the Grand Canyon
National Park shall be administered by the Secretary
of the Interior in accordance with the National Park
Service Act which became a law last year. This law au
thorizes grazing permits to be issued but such a com-
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, Feb. 1. Contradictory
testimony regarded by the congres
sional committee as of grave import
ance was ulven in the lead that it re-
paraiively small area of grazing land is included within j suited in the abandonment of a plan
the park that only a few permits will be necessary. to discontinue the hearings in New
The Hayden bill fully protects the interests of those York ,becal,Jtl,e International situa-
, tion demanded the representatives to
who have heretofore acquired property rights within the rejurn to Washington,
proposed park. Provision is made for the development Formal announcement was made to
ot water power under existing laws and the Secretary of nisht that tne in1uiry ,n be ?
tinued here tomorrow at least. The
the Interior is authorized to permit mining whenever point upon wnich testimony differs i.i
consistent with the primary purposes of the park. The .whether F. A. Connolly, the Washing
United States Reclamation Service is also granted the on brok'n a"(1 Partncr of,R- W'. ,Co1"
I ling, a brother in law of President
right to construct reservoirs whenever necessary. j Wilson, sent his forecast of the Presi-
It is believed that by the establishment of a National dent's recent peace note over his
private wire to E. F. Hution and com-
WHICH WAV?
Again the pit's mouth of war is threateningly yawning
to receive the United States. Never before has this
country been so close to actual, be it theoretical or other
wise, participation in the greatest war in history. Even
during the' negotiations following the'Lusitania incident,
when the people of America made their voice iieard in
protest to the Central Powers, there was ever the light of
possibility of agreement between Germany and the
United States.
Now, the greatest Neutral has three paths to travel.
Each is beset with the gravest of possibilities and in spite
of every and all optimistic visions it would seem that the
end must mean passive, if not active, participation. -
Germany has reached a terrible conclusion, forecasted
by many people months ago. TJie Central Powers have
played trump after trump. They have reaped the tricks
from the: board of International play; they have de
vastated three kingdoms and laid waste parts of the two
richest countries in Europe, France and Poland. Yet
the boastfufolaims of Teutonic prowess have come to a
point where its pledges mean nothing, where it must re
sort to the last card in its hand.
America must submit to indignities or take up arms.
When the Lusitania incident was being discussed ' Ger
many had a "way out". S.ie could make reparation and
disclaim her deeds. This was done and the Central Pow
ers rose in the estimation of the American people. Now.
however, Germany takes the position of a boy on one
side of the road who is throwing rocks at his arch-enemv
on the other side. The non-combatant must walk alona:
the well beaten track, must wear certain colored clothes
and can walk, but once a week. (
Three ways are open; a break with the Imperial Ger-
man Government by handing passports to Ambassador
von Eernstorff; a further solemn warning to Wilhelm
against acts which his government, admittedly, intends
to perpetrate; or to await an overt act and call the great
Teutonic leader to account.
But one explanation of Germany's conduct and her
threat can be made. She is forced to go to any length,
to commit international murder and be the arch-crimiual
of the age, by internal adversity or by the success attain
ed by the economic brockade policies of the Entente
Allies. Germany is in a last hole and must force t!i
issue; the rights of neutrals to the contrary, notwith
standing. Concession after concession has been made to Ger
many. Tiiat nation has sent our people and our mov
chantnien to the bottom and we have been content with i
"We're sorry". The Allies have given us cause for anger
but have never been participants in any action to de-v
stroy our people, bent on peaceful missions in various
parts of the world. It is an accumulation of affronts
which must mean a "show down". Patience must surely
be rewarded, but if such a virtue, is golden, surely L'le
United States would be the acme of perfection.
In this time of suspense, when tension, internally and
internationally, is at an aggravated pitch, it behooves
the people of this country to take a clear vision of the
Park at the Grand Canyon the way will be paved for se
curing appropriations by Congress for the construction
of roads and trails which will make the Canyon much
more accessible to visitors. Over 100,000 tourists visited
the Grand Canyon in 1915, but an even larger number
are certain to come each year, particularly if good reads
are constructed so that automobilists can drive along
j the rim and view the greatest natural wonder in the
world.
GOVERNMENT SHELLS.
We can get no navy shells, after all, from England.
The British government baa notified the firm to which
American, contracts were recently awarded that it cannot
permit the delivery of shells to foreign countries until
the war is over. That may not prevent or delay delivery.
The war may end in a few months, and then no doubt
England will have plenty of shells to spare. But nobody
knows. And s itls necessary to find other means of In
suring a shell supply.
The British bids were welcomed because they provided
competition and :;aved the government money. They of
fered hope of forcing down future American bids to a
reasonable level. They revealed in a startling manner
the evil result of private monopoly in an industry so vital
to our public welfare. Now the hope of competition van
ishes again, and ence more the army and navy are at the
mercy of the munition trust unless the government itself
provides the necessary competition.
It is such experiences as this that justify the nation in
taking more and more enterprises-into its own hands.
We already have government explosive plants. The
Secretary of the Navy has announced that they were
never expected to turn out more than one-third of the
explosives needed for public purposes, leaving the rest
to private enterprise, but that when contemplated im
provements are finished they could, by working in three
shffts, produce the entire supply needed. That fact is
enough to make the powder-makers reasonable. It has
been judged necessary to build a government armor plat':
plant, to obtain armor for the new navy at a fair price.
There may soon be a strong demand for the government
itself to provide competition in that field. It is actually
undertaking to do so, with an available appropriation ct
Jl.oOO.OnO. But that will not go far.
STATE POWERS.
Another state sovereignty right has been vindicated by
the supreme court of the United States. After announe
ing that a state may constitutionally bar alcoholic liquor
and even liquor advertisements from crossing itsbounu
aries, the court hands down a similar decision reardin
"blue sky" laws. Ohio, South Dakota and Michigan aro
vindicated in their right to prohibit the sale of fraudu
lent stocks. All other states are thereby encouraged tj
rid themselves likewise of this plague which preys on
thrift and hurts the legitimate securities market. The
whole country should soon be made unhealthful for th-.-criminal
operators who have so long prospered at the -v
pense of too-easily-persuaded investors.
Such verdicts arouse new confidence in state govern
ment. The authority of the statvs has waned. They have
surrendered many functions to the federal govenini"Pt.
It seemed a few years ago that "the new nationalism"
was bound to swallow up nearly all that remained of the
powers of once powerful commonwealths. But that ten
dency is less noticeable now. While certain broad func-
entire affair. Hyphenism, that incubus of growth during j lions such as the regulation of commerce must be assumed
tbi war, should wane in the formation and centralization y the national government, to avoid conflicts and create
pany. New Vjrk broker, or over some
other route.
Jos. W. Becker, Hutton's operator
on the Washington wire, swore today
that no such message as Connolly de
scribed ever came to him.
The latter statement stirred the
committee to great activity. Im
pressed, as several committeemen
said, with Becker's apparent sincerity
and keen recollection of events VI
December 20, they insisted in follow
ing up his declaration without delay.
Sherman L. Whipple, counsel to the
committee, declared every telegraph
operator of the Iiutton firm should be
called at once. Bpcker suggested thai
ihere was another wire, the "south
em" circuit, over which the message
might have come, despite Mr. Con
nolly's declaration that he used tho
private wire, but he hardly thought
such was the case.
Chairman Henry then announced
that the unusual evidence of the test:
mony should not be overestimated and
he therefore called the committee into
executive session to consider prolong
ing the local hearing.
Mr. Connolly again submitted tt
grilling examination for almost three
hours, today without deviating from
his original declaration that he could
not recall the exact source of the
"gossip" on which he based his fore
cast of the note. '
Like Connolly, W. G. Toomcy, chid
operator Tor the Hutton (inn. who on
December 20 sent a "flash" on hi:;
own responsibility forecasting the
President's note eleven hours before
it was released and before he had
the Connolly resume, could name
positively no one fiom whom he had
obtained the information on which he
acted.
KINNEY BILL IS
KILLED IN SENATE
ARMED
By BftlNKERHOFF.
-
'! .
M V
L Z7--.' fa.? APr.,.4 vb.A
i
-Tr-l t:-: f.?.w A2. . f , t
(Special to the Review)
PHOENIX. Feb. 1 The Kinney
bill, providing for employment in
hazardous occupations of only English
speaking workmen, was killed in com
mittee of whole, of the Senate rbday,
Mahoney, of Mohave, leading the tight
against it on the grounu that it would
throw out of employment thousands
of brother members of the Western
Federation of Miners. Mahoney de
clared 'over six thousand Mexicans
now paying dues to unions in Arizona
would be thrown out of employment
tjy the bill, and a substitute bill offered
by Clay pool to make the law not ai--
ply to any workmen now in the statt
also was defeated
The House, after adopting a resolu
tion assuring President Wilson of its
support, passed seven bills, anion';
them one proiding for the use c!
school houses as social centers, tho
reading of the Bible in public schools,
teachers' pension, direct sale of com
modities by producers, free transporta
tion of pupils living more than ono
mile from school.
PASS IMMIGRATION
BILL DESPITE VETO
of strict and non-partisan Americanism. The three ways
for America to pcrsue look black. Let, the hope rise that
one road may pierce light and in that hope found a bel
ter, bigger and more profound appreciation of the United
States in the minds of other nations and in the minds of
American citizens'.
ARIZONA'S NATIONAL FAKK.
In rci.puu.se to a giucral demand (lint a National Park
be treated at the 'Jrand Canyou ill Arkoua. '-'rl Hiydvii
1ms introduced iu the Hou-e. carefully prepared til!.
llic tuactmeut of v. Lull will a vouipllth M:i.; p'irpn.c. Tl
bill provider that certain lauds now iuiiuded within t!i':
Grand Cauyou Natioujl Jlonumcut ;lia!l be set atidc and
uniformity, the progressive states are beginning to recog
nize that they have many important powers hitherto lit
tle used. Their police powers are exceedingly broad a:,
these supreme court decisions show. There is room tn
ough in the realms of education, penology, agriculture,
public health, industrial regulation, business reform, fuod
distribution, etc, for any enterprising state to keep itscif
ppdilably o cupied.
SHOPPING AND MARKETING.
"Why is it." iuqmres the BuKalo Lu'j'Jirt r, "that. Piueti
cat'-r to f;o t!i.ppmg an unw illiug to go marketing?"
fhuMk.? would like lj kuow. The a-ragc male, with
all Iiit; ilisiui liuatinn to putter around buying things, ran
(Continued From. Page One).
Nevada, Rodenberg, Hoger, Itowlanu,
Russell of Ohio. Scott of MR-hiaaii.
Scott of Pennsylvania, Sells, SinnoU,
Slemp. Sloan, Smith of Indiana. Smitii
of Michigan, Smith of Miunesol:-,
Snyder. Steenersou. Sterling. Suljo
way, Sweet, Switzer. Temple, Timber
lake, Volstead, Wasoll, Watson ef
I Pennsylvania. Wheeler, Wilson of !'-
linols, Woodyard, Young of North Dakota.
Proxies. i es o( in;:
(:
Copley. Llsitui, Nolan.
ProiiihiMonisih voting;
veto:
IiaudHlI
Indepoudellt.. X rjtl!!
veto:
Kent
.see more genuine interest iu negotiating for bacon. cgL't,
dedicated as a public park for t!ie beuclit and enjoyuu ut potatoes and cabbage than in fussing over riMxms and
of the people under the name of the Grand Cauyon Na- things in the stitliug atmosphere of a drygoods store.
tional Park.
The area of the prcseut mom
In oven id
S hall.
I( OVeri jtl !
to ovcrrid-1
COLORADO HOUSE PLEDGES
LOYALTY TO PRESIDENT
PKNVKH. l ib. 1. The Col.trad i
And yet women seem to-take to thy latter branch or ac- -Jloite tl Represejilaint i Into tiui".l I
lumeiit is 1.2ii0 square tivity as naturally as they take: to matinees. nmaiiiuioiisly pass.nl without dise.e -
miles, but the promised park will contain only 9:h; squar.; !
are inw withdrawn
available or graz
Is it a real preference, or merely a mutter of termin-
skm a lesoliiliiin endorsing President
l Wilson and the national iiil'uinis'r:'-
uiiles so that (4 sections of land that are inw withdrawn I olosy? Maybe the cost-of-living r formers would aet oiioi- hn.i m the present int i nal ional crisir .
from all tonus of entry will be made available or graz- ' M-h more if, instead of urging women to cut the cost of t A M'tiibr r- -oiiii. in iln enai.-
tood by 'uoiug ibt marhet.ug tl cmscives." they adM.eJ 1 "" r U"U
an a---r cni nt to . oie 1 1 l nothing lull
ing and oilier uses.
H is the iuteutiuu ol the
bill that
. . .,C.
HUNT'S STRENGTH !
'SHOWN IN LINEUP
IN STATE SENATE
Senate Adjourns Over Arbor
Day, and House Until Mon
day Military Training Bill
Offered.
SB
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PHOENIX, Feb. 1. The senate was
suddenly and accidentally lined up this
morning on the gubernatorial contest.
A resolution for a denial or a state
ment made in one of the local papers
by private secretary of Governor Hunt
was adopted after a vigorous fight
against it and the failure of a motion
to table it by a vote of 9 to 10.
Tbe general appropriation bill was
brought into the house late in the I
day. The house adopted a concur
rent resolution of confidence in F'resi-
dent Wilson's aiiity to handle the dip- j
lomatic situation. Several new bills ,
of minor importance were brought in.
Bills were pasesd permitting the use ,
of school houses as social centers:
providing for the transportation of
school children living more than a
mile from a school house; amending
tho law with relation to the creation j
of high school districts: amending the j
law for the pensioning of teachers: i J
defining the r'ght of farmer and gar-,
ileners to sell their produce. i
A niw bill in the senate would en- !
aie a high school commission for the! J
purpose of providing for military train
ing in the schools. The senate ad
journed irhtil Saturday on account of
Arbor Day and the bouse until next
Monday.
With Money
That's the way wealth has been gained ever since the
world started. , :
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is making money for you with the four per cent
interest which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT
GROW!
Citizens Bank & Trust Company
Main Street Blbe Arizona
Will E. WcKee, President C A. McDonald, Caahier.
O. W. Wolf, Assistant Cashier.
V
on
LlU II
r,.u
III
fltnv
fln
Kxccpt lor
announcement of
con
.1 a
i ;
iuuat ion of the :
feeling of unrest caused by Gt rmuny's
campaign of unre-
stricted submarine activity, tin re is ; J
little of int'-rest in the war news of ;
tho day. While Lloyd's report th
sinking of eight vessel: , s'lpposedly j
by submaiiii''. il is iiresumed that they j
all were sent to the bottom before
the new submarine order went into
effect. Of the vessels sunk, one was
Dutch.
tin- the lighting fronts there h is
I. ei-ll liltlo eiiiy ;e.-ide I li mi the j
operations of small re onnoit'-ring i
parlies and aitil!oi. duels. P.-in-i;rail
report - a Ku .bi.iu a lvinie lo-ar
Kllfel.u. MMIt!:e;l of Tfi;;fl. I'ld I'je
r l"i! -e of tim e rjtt-n t;: h the Au."-'ro-Cieniiaiis
a iiiK l the p.i. t iatis e:t;d .
o J.i' uliKi in ar the ItunMui in iron-
tier. Sieall cngH.-eun ni;- !im oc-
currrd in the Narayvuk.i ro r regloti
li Galieia
In nort'uest l' rsia the l urks an,
credited with gains over the Hessians j
l y j Itcrliu. 1!pi iiiuoiicriug eiiuarc-!
menls cjuitiiiiie around Knt-el Aniara j
and a heavy bombardment ;:!.-o I
progless tllele.
In Hie A list Hali.i'i Ho-me I In
AuHri.i'is me onibariliir; with sl-al
iuleu.-t'.v tho r. g un near Lake liarda,
and posit ti.t: l:i 'lie (ieruhf it'iii' and
i.Jl tie t :il'.; id'.iV. a'J.
Have you made it yet? It's important
to your family and to you.
Consult with us to-day before you
forget it, or it is too late.
Remember, we can be of real service
to j ou in the making of your will.
r'P
CONVINCING
EVIDENCE
cf this bank's strength is attested by its re
sources, management and directorate.
Make it your depositary by opening an ac
count subject to check.
rj WIMU-l;f.MIMl'KgJ'lfcl.MiMM
mi o
REVIEW M AOS ARE 6U1ES3 GFIFPS.
1 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 2, 1917.
FIVE
5
PRUSSIANS GONE
MAD AVER BRITISH
OF NEWEST WARFARE
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. Feb. 2. "Prussianism
gone mad", "Bethniann becomes con
Tert to Clausewitz."
These are the themes of the London
leader writers this morning which,
however, generally express the great
est sympathy with President Wilson,
"la his patient struggle to keep his
country out of war."
Under the caption: "What would
Lint'jln do?" the Morning Post says:
"President Wilson has been praying
for peace with a fervor and eloquence
we cannot sufficiently admire. Now
his players are answered by the most
truculent declaration ever issued by a
war lord since the days of Genghis
Khan. It is flat defiance if not pro
vocation. The President, at all events,
cannot blame himself for any lack of
patience or conciliation. It is a ter
rible position for a human, well-meaning
man to be driven towards war by
the relentless brutality of a savage
belligerent
"Lincoln on the bloody field of Get
tysburg, expressed the national high
resolve to be content with no com
promise which would render their
sacrifices in vain. That is the true
spirit of the American people and
their patience under an affront should
not deceive us. Let us rest assured
that in the long run Amerilan honor
is safe in American hands."
BASKET BALL TONIGHT.
The Holbrook Highbinders will play
the Holbrook Invincibles tonight at 7
o'clock at the Y. M. C. A. gymnasium.
This is the initial game of a seven
weeks' series between seven different
teams. Captain Millard, of the High
binders, claims that Captain Potter's
Invincibles will not have a look Ai but
the Invincibles line-up is just as con
fident of victory. Admission is free.
Line-Up.
Highbinders Millard, g; Lawren
son, f; Holden, f; Sheek, g: Randolph,
g; Hughes, c; Rapier, g.
Invincibles Potter, g: Brooks, g:
Willitts, c; Barton, f; Grimes, f; How
land, g; Byers, f.
RESCUED AVIATOR GOES
TO S. F. FOR TREATMENT
SAX FRANCISCO. Feb. 1. Lieut.
Colonel Harry G. Bishop, one of two
army aviators lost for nine days in
the desert of northern Mexico, arrived
at the Letterman General Hospital jn
the Presidio here today for treatment.
He was accompaniod from Yuma by
Major Oroviile G. JX Brown of .th.e.
Medical Corps.
The patient's condition was report
ed 'good,J,--nd it was said tee was
in no danger. His feet were in bad
condition and he was suffering from
the effectsof exposure.
Clerk of House figures 213 demo
crats,' 215 republicans, two progress
ives, one prohibitionist, one socialist
and one independent. Republicans
claim-another seat in Pennsylvania.
vffirtrT" f
mini I I ft I i'
Coffee does disagree with many. And in thesedays
knowledge there's no virtue in appearing astonished when
Caffeine (the drug in coffee, and in tea also) leaves the system in an over
. worked and debilitated state, and is responsible for various serious ills and dis
comforts. Thousands who desire an appetizing hot table beverage with none of coflee s
drawbacks, find a most delightful cup one containing no deleterious substance
whatever in
Nourishing, economical and wonderfully delicious.
-TniCIiTS LURE
DIVINE S DAUCHTER
',
5
v
Miss Blanche Parks.
The lure of the footlights was toe
strong for this preacher's daughta
to resist She ran away from home
ard jrot a job in Jie chorus of a bin
Nei,York musical comedy ?"ress.
Returning in the off seasoi she
earned the parental blessing. Then
fcer tv-o sisters. Marion and Evelyn,
run away and also joined the chorus.
Thev likewise wjre eventually lor
xSSix??-V.i-s -:-v
THE DREWS, PREMIER VAUDEVILLE TEAM,
APPEAR TWO DAYS AT CENTRAL THEATRE
ami)
MISS FRAN
"The Drews", wh'j open
Lowell, tonight
With
Theatre,
POSTUM
MOST DRASTIC DRY
LAW PASSED IN UTAH!
dly Review Leased Wire)
SALT LAKE, Feb. 1 The Young
prohibition bill, believed to be the
most drastic dry .measure ever en
dorsed by a state legislature, passed
Lbth houses of the I' tab legislature
today and probably will go to Gover
nor. Bamberger for his signature Mon
day. Intoxicating liquors of no kind ex
crpt alcohol for medical and scientific
purposes and wine for sacramental
uses will be permitted in the slate.
The speaker of the house instruct
ed that the bill be carefully guarded
by h'ouse employes until it bears the
official signature of the governor, and
is receonted for by the secretary of
state.
The bill will become effective Aug.
1, 1917.
DANISH SAILINGS '
PASS UP ENGLAND
(By Review Leased Wire.)
. COPENHAGEN. Yia London. Feb
1. Danish export steamers carrying
agricultural products and mails to
England, will discontinue their sail
ings, as will the ships of various other
companies.
KIE DREW
two nights' performance at the Central
of accurate scientific
this truth is faced.
the pure cereal food-drink.
"THERE'S A RF.ASON"
LOWELL WOMAN FACES
BOOTLEGGING CHARGE
AS A RESULT OF TRIP
Mrs. Sato, Arrested in Silver
Creek Tiile Riding in a
Booze-Laden Machine, and
Blames Poverty for Actions
DOUGLAS. Feb. 1 "Please, Mr.
Policeman. 1ft us go borne and feed
our little baby brother- he hasn't had
anything to eat since yesterday morn-1
ing at o'clock.' sobbed littie Mary
Sato, aged 7. in police Motion this
morning to Officer G. M.jrvyn Moore.
Mary's mamma had been arrested on
the charge of introducing liquor Into
Arizona and little Mary seemed even
more concerned about it than her
mother, though the woman wept si
lently. Edna, aged 5, was too small
to realize the seriousness or the sit
uation, though sue knew something
was wrong. Her big brown eyes
looked very troubled ud she begged
her mamma not to cry so hard.
A few minutes later Mrs. Sato and
her two little girls dried iheir tears
when Deputy Sherilf C. E. Cruss took
them to a local caf for breikfast.
Then they were turned oor eo bc-puty
Sheiiff Percy Powden to be taken to
the county jail. The woman and a
male companion wen arrested at 4
o'clock this morning in Silver Creek
by Constable J. S Kcrby and Deputy
Sheriff Frank Homan. They were
riding in an automobile that contained
12 cases of whiskey, one case of gin
and a barrel and a half of bottled
brer. The auto had a flat tire and
fell an easy victim to tbe officers.
Lives in Lowell.
If the story told by Mrs. Sato, who
is an Austrian, is true, it shows to
what extent some bootleggers will go
to get liquor anil yet avoid the risk
of being arrested themselves, sne
lives in Lowell and her husband was
formerly a miner hut tor the psu-t two
years has been unable to work. Dur
ing this time she ha.; made a pre
carious living by washing and tluin
any other work she could obtain, but
lately has been unable to get enough
work to make a living.
The other day two el her country
men offered her $10 if she would go
to Rodeo in company with a chauf
feur, also an Austrian, who vas pjiid
$50, and bring back some liquor.
Needing the money badly she accept
ed the offer, not realizing the serious
ness 'of the crime, so she says. The
three months' old baby boy was left
at home with the sick father, and the
two little girls accompanied their
mother. They left I.bwell y sterday
an the expedition which ended so dis
astrously this mornh;.
Lowell Delegation.
It is possible the woman may be
I let off easy if she will tell who hired
her. -ine man is trying to avoid re
sponsibility on the ground that he
was merely a hired chauffeur. The
car, which is a new Studebaker Six,
is in a local garage and the whiskey
is stored here.
A delegation of a dozen or more
Austrians, residents of Lowell, ariived
in Douglas at 11:30 this morning to
I come to the aid of their countrymen
1 who are in trouble. When they
learned the two prisoners had been
taken to Tombstone they immediately
; left for there.
! Hiding in two 5-pasenger autos,
each loaded with booze, Jose Salceda,
I Manuel Real and Rafael Aragon. res
! idents of Cananea, were arrested last
night at 9 o'clock at Apache by Dep:
I uty Sheriff O. E. Paterson. In all
there were 22 cas-s of whiskey, most
I of it Atherton, some in cases and
I some loose. The men claim they were
'taking the whiskey to Cananea.
ORMI HAWLEY MAKES
! APPEARANCE TODAY
"Her American Prince" Is the
: Name of Mutual Picture at
i the Eagle Theatre.
I As th- beautiful princess, niece of
I King Thor. in Carl Herbert's popular
novel and successful stage play, "Her
American Prince," which appears at
j the Eagle today, the talented star
Ormi Hawley has added another tri
iumph to her long list of brilliant
j screen successes. Everybody loves the
, story of this rlinrming romance: How
the kind's nephew. Prime Felix, plots
to ;-teal hi.s uncle's throne how tiie
; handsome American, who is the double
'of tint prince, f;ills in love the
Princess Dor d for her sakn pluup's
' tii'ij a sorie;. of fbnllii'i; adventures
1 to s;ivr. tlio if' of the king and Imw
in the end. a prisoner (u lljo ca;-ilr
witt.ioiit 4 fri'-nd a i. bi;- side, lie begins
a hopeless b:ifH" against, the con-:
I spiraiors. liHeiniincd to sell his lite
dearly for the sake of the woman he
loves! The fisbt in the castle, tbo ar
rivaf of the king who has 'at last
learned the truth about the brave
American, and the beautiful love in
teiest developed dill ing Hie building
i;p of the cxriliim climax alt in'ii
tiiee to make "Her American Prince"
one of the season's most dHfuhTnl
!
FOLSOM "LIFER" HIDES:
is SMOKED FROM CAVE
FOLSOM (Cal.h Feb. 1. Earl Fitz
gerald, a life-termer at Folsom prison
who was misid last Monday night
when the prisoners were lucked up.
was recaptured today when the burn
ing of some rabbit pens on the prison
grounds smoked him out of a cave he
had dug under the pens. He had
food enough to last several days more.
Fitzgerald was convicted of killing
a Middleton merchant while robbing
his store, with several other crimi
nals He was on parole at the time
he committed the crime.
MarinelloFace Powder
Is Different
FORMS a real protection
actually clings to the skin and pre
vents the disastrous effects that other
wise follow exposure. It is delightfully
different, as a single trial will prove.
If you have never tested it, send Ten
Cents and we will send you a miniatun? box
of Powler. sortie Mtor Creair, T.KXti Pate.
Hand Jciiy. Phantom Fo-vrter and valuable
Ceauty Guide. Free dcwi "'"rticn at
MCDONALD'S MARINELLO SHOP
Rear Angius Store, Phone 305
U.S. TRADE SHIPS
IMPATIENT TO SAIL
(Continued From Page Oue) j
The telegram also advised that tho ;
liner Philadelphia, operated under th '
same conditions, now was about 1.2uo
miles from Liverpool on her way from
New York: that the Finland was due
to leave Liverpool for New York j
February S or 4. and the Krooniand J
I h:il sailed vesterclav from Livernool
for New York. All carry passengers. ,
Customs oflicials declined to state;
whether the port would continue to.
be closed after dark as it was ia.-.t
night. It was learned unofficially, j
however, that the' rules put into of- j
feet last night would be continued. A j
torpedo boat destroyer near the Nar- j
rows and another at the entrance d ;
Long Sound, displayed unusual aetiv- j
ity as soon as darkness fell tonight. ,
Searchlights on both war vessels con- j
stantly swept the waters over which J
a ship, could pass. j
Objection to the designation by
Germany of Falmouth as the Britih
nort of destination of the American
ships also was registered by Mr. j
Franklin. He stated that Falmouth !
was without adequato terminal faeil!
ties or means of obtaining coal.
"All ships of the American line are j
now plainly marked as to nationality !
and name in large letters on both ,
sides of the hull." Mr. Franklin said, j
"Iu addition an American flag is
painted on both the port and star
board sids and at nirht the ships j
carry a special li;:ht to display thej
American flag living aslein.
"No answer ha. yet been received
to niv tclcvram to Mr. Lant-ing.'" Mr.
l'rai'kliu couttnu' cl "No im-trm turns
liave been sent by irees to ship.
at sea."
Hcpret-cutatives of allied shipp"'
Onus sjid no deliuite instructions hid
been received as to luiure movements
of their vessels.
The action ot tcandiuav iati-Aiueri-cau
line representatives in holding up
the scheduled sailings or thf llellig
Olav, was approved from Copenhagen.
Duly a few ships left port today,
mainly coasting steamers and vessels
for South ami Central America. An
exception was the Atlantic Transport
iiner Philadelphia, which sailed for
Kti'c?i)''j'! pot':- l:!'--
You mayN.
be famous for yv
I your cooking, or
just a "beginner" V
In Either Case 1 1
EG Baking
Powder
will help you.
Its goodness
recommends
it.
RAIDER RUMORED SUNK
BY BRITISHWARSHIPS!
(i!y Review Leased Wire) i
KIO JANEIRO, Feb. 1. Persistent I
reports have been received here that j
the German raider has been sunk in
an engagement with a British squad-1
Ton. The British cruiser Amethyst is j
said to have been in an engagement
with a German submarine. ,
U. S. PASSPORTS STRICTER.
WASHINGTON'. Feb. 1 New re
struclions upon the granting of Ameri
can passports were issued by the
J state department today as the result
of the alleged German captain. Hans
Boehm, at Falmouth, England, carry
ing a passport made out in j the name
of J. L. Thrasher, of Georgia. Offi
cials made it clear that the tightening
of the regulations had no relations
I whatever to the present situat.'jn with
j Germany, and were intended merely
to require unmistakable identification
of all applicants for passports.
SPAN ELL ACQUITTED.
SAN ANGELO. Feb. 1. A verdict
j of not guilty was returned after less
I than two hVmrs deliberation today bv
j the jury in the case of Harry J- Span
ell. of Alpine, Texas, tried on a charge
of killing his wife. Crystal Holland
Spanell. last July.
Tovrea's
U. S. Inspected Meats.
Try our EAT Breakfast Bacon
Bisbee Lowell . . Douglas,
Nogales.
ifif
f
ARIVACA AGAIN IS
SCENE OF SHOTS
KOGALES (Ariz.). Feb. 1. I'tah
cavalry.nen visiting Stone House near
Arivaca were fired upon late today by
two Mexicans who were in the house,
according to a message received her
tonight by Major B. H. Wells, chief
of staf of Eri?adir General K. H.
Plummer. Major Wells said the rav-
alrynien charged the house.
entered
and captured one Mexican, but the
other escaped. The Mexican was
escorted to the boundary line and
ordered not to return to American
soil. Two shots were tired by the
Mexicans, both going wild. The
Americans did not return the fire
Pure Blood
You can keep your blood in
rood condition have a clear
skin, and bright eyes, by taking
Im iatkaWatM.
Sold rywb. "
25c
PIUS THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 2, T9I f -v
SIX
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
NHW YORK. Fen. 1 -The Mok
market was put to another supreme
lest of its enduianre . today., lier
ivauy's inexpert. d announcement of
her intention to rem-w ?ub:iinr:ne op
orations on a hio:ider and more un
restricted scale causing an a! laround
phrinkase of (inoteU values.
Selline was at its heisht In the
first hour when the trading was of
frenzied character and lowest priors
were made. Rallies of one to five
point, with as miu-h as t- n for Flan
Copper, were registered before mid
day, hiit n'euireiit liquidation took
plce after - o'clock driving prices
r.aek to or near initial miniimrrs.
The movement lacked the enorm
ous individual offerings of last De
cember's feverish markets. Except
fur Fritted States Steel and some of
the metals, declines while extensive
in the anitregate were on an otderly
basis after the early outburst which
probably represented involuntary un
loading of niaipined or speculative
accounts.
The further selling of the final hour
derived impetus from rumors that sev
erance of diplomatic relations with
Germany would be announced later
in the day. With few exceptions, ev
ery stock in the active list declined
measurably under the low prices of
last month, including U. S. Steel,
which fell to 99 and closed at V2
a net loss of S'i points in sales ap
proximating fiiMi.tiOii shares, or about
"0 per cent of the total operations
of 2.100.010 shares.
Bethlehem Steel broke 26 points
and rallied 10, shippings lost 10 to
IS. making only feeble rallies and
rails at gross concessions of three
to seven points, closed mostly at low
est levels. ,
Little attention was paid to the
weakness of foreign exchange with
marked concessions in rates on Mer
lin and Vienna and a new record for
lire, or Italian remittances.
Virtually every international bond
of th isues resulting from the war
sold at lowest prices since their flo
tation in this market, Paris Gs break
ing 2i points, with American-foreign
security as down Is. Domestic bonds
were heavy' to weak, speculative rails
falling abruptly. Total sales, par
value, $(..r,nn,ortii. F. S. Honda were
unchanged on call.
.r viiinutes. hut then presure began to
slacken a little and the market,
thoush fluctuating violently for the
next ouarter of an hour, was less
onesided.
Further stability resulted also from
whnlesa-i' profit taking by traders who
of late bad been plunging heavily on
the bear side of the market. Another
influence toward the return of com
parative confidence was the announce
ment that after having been tied up
over night' the tmffic in and out of
New York harbor had been resumed.
Some idea of the magnitude of the
interests affected by today's violent
setback in prices may be gained from
estimates which were current tonight
flia' a sinrle firm here has sold short
within the last few weeks nearly
30.0W.00O bushels of wheat. Another
concern was Mid to have purchased
alone 2.000.0i0 bushels today. Corn
ant' oats gave way and rallied in line
with wheat. The fact that neither
of the coarse grains is expected to
nearly as great a degree as bread
stuffs prevented such sensational ac
tion as was shown by the more ex
pensive cereals.
Provisions shared in the general
weakness.
Metals Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 1. Copper firm;
electrolytic first, second and third
quarters. 29 32';!.
Rarsilver. 7t:ltc.
(I)y L. J. Overlook.)
Chicago Grains.
CHICAGO, Feb. 1. P.reaks that
were foreseen to be inevitable today
in the price of wheat turned out to
be much worse than had been gen
erally looked for. but the downward
piurge of the market was. euded far
quicker than most traders were ex
pecting. Solely as the result of Ger
many's notice of sea war without lim
it. wheat values made an instanta
neous sheer descent o! 15I4 cents.
Within 20 minutes, .uever, the mar
ket had rebounded nine cents, selling
of a panic sort was on and trade
kept on the inside of a five-cent range,
closing unsettled, 4: to S; net lower,
with May at li?.K. to li3'., and July
at 141'i to...lil'.H.
Extreme declines in corn, or.ts and
provisions were respectively 4 i. 3-".
nid but the final figures showed
l.s:;es ns.coripaivd with yesterday's
finish to have oca na-owed to the
following: Corn. 2?rt to Z'i: oats,
l' to 2:5i. and provisions, 5215TiS to
I.67'2.
Tension at the outset in the wheat
pit appeared to be of a nerve rackin?
character seldom if ever equaled in
'':,':?e in Chieai-.e. Ktrr foot of
standing room from the ton step down
to the center cf the closely packed
crowd was occupied, tud scores of
biok'rs were literally standing on tip
t.s eager to iVi at the first clang
of the gong. The strain of the wait
for the signal proved too great to be
altogether withstood, and just before
the bell sounded one perspiring trad
er shrieked "sell May at fio."
Selling on a tremendous scale con
tinued unabated in wheat for about
1
ft
Rheumatism attacks the
"outside" man. Fains and
aches stiffen his joints and
muscles and reduces his efficiency.
At the first twinge get Sloan's
Liniment, easy to apply, it pene
trates without rubbing and soothes
ihe soreness.
After that long drive or tedious
wait in the cold rain apply Sloan's
Liniment to those stiif fingers,
aching wrists and arms.
For gout, neuralgia, toothache, hruiact,
tpraim, cold feet, it ia promptly effective.
At all druggists, 23c. 50c- and $1.00.
NEW YORK.
Anaconda ,
American Can ,
American Car ,
American Locomotive
American Smelter
American Sugar
Atchison
j Raltimore & Ohio ,
Baldwin ,
T!ethleiiem Steel
Chesapeake fc Ohio
Colorado Fuel & Iron
Canadian Pacific
Crucible
Distillers
Krie .-
Goodrich
General Motors
Industrial Alcohol
Marine
Marine Pfd
Maxwell
Mexican Petroleum
New York Central
Northern Pacific
Pennsylvania
Reading
Republic Steel
Rubber
Studebaker ,
Steel
Steel Pfd
St. Paul
Southern Pacific
Union Pacific
Fnited Fruit
Fnited States Metal
WestinKliousc
BOSTON.
Adventure
Allotiez
Alaska .
Arizona Commercial
American zinc
Butte
Calumet & Arizona
Calumet &. Hecla
Chino
Copper Range
East Butte
Granby
Green Cananea
Goldfield
Hancock
Indiana
Inspiration ,..
Kennerott
Keweenaw
Lake
La Salle
Miami
Mohawk
Mayflower
Nevada
North Butte
Nipissing
Old Dominion
Osceola
Pond Creek
Quinoy
Ray Consolidated
Shannon
Shattuck
Superior Boston
Tamarack
Ftah Copper
Ftah Consolidated
Winona
CURBS.
Arkansas & Arizona
Big Ledge
Pig Jim
Butte & Iondon
Cornelia
7?.i4
3S
62',',
67
9 'n
lOS'-i
102S.
7j,,
ro'
370
60
41;
ir.si4
am
24
27U
55
lOW
113
21
69
50
88 u.
96,
105
55".
92-i,
66.
99
1025
118V
S6i
93-i
136 V.
142
r6
49
C2
S
HVi
00 7
40
77
.43
49
60
13
85
43
65
16
2
50
40
4
11
4
36
SO
Calumet A; Jerome
Denn
Kmnia
Fortuna
Gadsden '
Green Monster ....
Grand Island
Gold Reed
Howe Sound
Ilecla
Hull Copper
Inspiration Needles
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Magma Copper
Magna Chief
Miami Coisolidate-1
Monsiei- v"lii' f
..1
-4
21 M
21
S'.i
60
S0
19
S6
24
8
26
5
47
102 "i
17
4U
5o
5 V,
l'i
25
17
15 16
17
l'-H
11
2'S,
1 9 16
65
r,
7'i
77
45
1
I1
41
31
Pittsburg Irro'lie 1
Ray I fere ulr-s 1
Santa . '
;,,in !!ee;
Fnited Fasten
FuiU'd Western
Verde Fxtensi ei
: Ctmil ill.-! toll
Waitvii
Wolverine Arizona
D.indee ,
NEW YORK. Feb. 1 The German
note made public yesterday afternoon
caused a panic among the bull ele
ment and prices openeii from to
10 points lower an 1 market contin
ued nervous through t'nespsslon. Cau
tion is still i:i order a any action
on the part 01' Germany 1:1 the sink
ing of vessels with Americans on
board mnv bring about hostilities.
20)
OATMAN STOCKS.
(By Ct.llins lireiheiton.)
Bid.
A rgo
Adams . 08
Uizona Rex
Ariz.-Tom R
Big Jim 1.22
Boundary Cone 20
Carter Gold .05
Fessenden 07
Gold Reed
fJo!d Clitf
Ivanhoe 05
Lucky toy 11
Merry Widow
Oatman Combination ....
Sunnyside
Telluride
Tom Reed 1.94
United Eastern . . . 4.50
Fnited Northern 07
Fnited Western
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden
Green Monster
Butte London
Dundee
Venture Hill
itts-Jero'iie
Terome Verde
Ark-Arizona
'ns-Needles
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
Wolv-Arizona
Miami Mother Lode ..
'erome Portland
Verde Combination
Miami Combination ..
Bishee Copper
Butte Arizona
Louisiana Arizona . . .
Santa Cruz Bisbee . . .
Jerome Daisy
Warren
Naeozari Consolidated
Ask.
.08
.14
.25
.10
.30
.06
.12
.10
.15
.15
.10
.16
.18
.20
4.62
.05
2.62
1.50 1.62
.23 .24 1
1.75 1.S7
.17
.50 1.00
1.42 1.50
.2,5 .50
.37 .50
.40 .45
.62 .S7
1.55
.50
.48
.75 1.00
.29 .31
1.00
.05
.75
.27
.75
9.00
.42
WHAT IS COMING?
GERMANY DISCOUNTS
AMERICA AT WAR
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 1. That un
restricted submarine warfare is al
most certain to bring the FniUd
States into the war, has been the talk
in Germany for months. It was said
this would never be adopted by Ger
many except as a last act of despera
ti'in. German papers have said Ger
many would not dare oppose neutral
opinion unless she were willing to
have the rest of the neutral world
added to her. enemies.
Two opposing views of American
hostilities have been allowed to pass
the German censor. The first was that
the harm the Fnited States could do
Germany as an active enemy was h'j
greater than as a neutral supplying
munitions and loons to the allies and
that the crippling of allied shipping
would be the turning point of the war.
This apparently is the view now
adoptetl. ThP other view, known to
have been held by some high officials
here, was that Germany might in
desperation seek to involve the Fnited
States as an actual enemy on the
ground that her influence at the peac e
conference Would be a generous one.
What May Be Coming.
Officials here, stunned at the sud
denness of the German action, do not
hesitate to reveal their disquietude
over the mental unpreparedness of
the American public for what may be
coming.
Revulsion is expected to take place
in the entente nations with the re
sult that the world war will enter a
period of f rightfulness un imagined
heretofore. With the massing of the
huge offensives by land and the an
nouncement of ruthlessness by sea, of
ficials look forward to at least a
spring and summer of unprecedented
daughter.
417 GERMAN PLANES
DOWNED BY FRANCE.
PARIS. Feb. 1. A semi-olticial
statement was issued today con-
ceruing a German assertion that
the Germans lost only 122 aern-
planes last year. The statement
suys the French military records
slr.)w that 417 German machines
were shot down by aviators, that
195 other machines were brought
down, having been badly injured
if not destroyed and that 29 cap-
live baloons were blown up.
$j;p;ifcl
OFFICE WORKERS
FACTORY WORKERS
and others who labor indoors
should always take the strength
compelling tonic-food in
SCOTT'S
EMULSION
to keep up their strength,
nourish their nerves and
increase their energy.
SCOTTS is helping
thousands- why not you ?
Scott & Bowse. BloostficU. N. J. 16-23
:
5.."jou.oco destitute
IN WE n:X EL'ROPi
ASK ART
ABOUT
MOLINE-KNIGHT
V
A -
i'
FOR
CARPENTER
CALL TEL. 506.
J.
,
Vi
UOIOX
I
HERE ARE BOONOARIES
OF FORBIDDEN ZONE
BACKACHE SOON
DISAPPEARED
Could Not Do Housework
Till Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound
Removed Cause.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON", Feb. 1. The for
bidden area for neutral vessels under
Germany's warning is bounded by a
line running from practically the cen
ter of The Netherlands coast north
ward, blockading all Denmark and the
entrance to the Baltic, to the outside
point of Norway, thence due west
skirting the southern part of the
Faroe Islands: then west and then
south in a grand square 300 to" 400
miles to sea on" the British Isles, to
the junction of Spain and Portugal,
apparently leaving the latter country
'open and affording a 20 mile safety
zone along the northern Spanish coast
to the French border.
Practically the whole Mediterranean
is declared dangerous except a nar
row strip almost paralleling the Afri
can coast to a point directly south of
Greece from which a 40 mile path to
Greek territorial waters is declared
open.
Germany's solicitude for Greece was
interpreted in some Quarters here as
indicating that despite the Greek ac
ceptance of the allied demands Ger
many still hopes for a change in the
situation in that country. At present,
however, this access to Greece is of
little value, that country still is
blockaded by the allies.
Fort Fairfield, Maine. "For many
months I suffered from backache caused
by female troubles
so I was unable to
do my house work.
I took treatments '
for it but received
no help whatever.
Then some of my
friends asked why
I did not try Lydia
E. Pinkham Vege
table Compound. I
did so and my back
ache soon disap
peared and I felt
like a different woman, and now have
a healthy little baby pirl and do all my
house work. I will always praise Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound to
women who suffer as I did. Mrs.
Alton D. Oakes. Fort Fairfield, Maine.
When a remedy has lived for forty
year3, steadily growing in popularity
and influence, and thousands upon
thousands of women declare they owe
their health to it, is it not reasonable
to believe that it is an article of merit ?
If you want special advice write to
Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co. (confi
dential), Lynn, Mass. Your letter will
be opened and read by women only.
fV V.fv - v i
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
JEB0I1
AND
Oatman
Stocks
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
Herbert C noover. 1
Herbert C noover, chairman of
the American Commission for Relief
in P.elg-iutn, has just returned to this
country to spend four weeks in dc
visinir relief plans for another year,
lie says there are 5,50,000 destitute
persons in Belgium and northern
France, and that it will take between
j f'l.V ,000,000 and ?200,t)00,000 to
ctrry on the work ot tne commission
another year.
This word means LIFE and strength.
Fse it and you will know that the
name is just right.
VITOLOX purifies the blood, cor
rects disorders of the stomach. Im
proves the appetite, tones up the kid
neys and a sure shot for rheumatism
Get a bottle at acy drug store, 51.00 or
J for $3.00.
" THE DAILY REVIEW
WANT ADS BRING
RESULTS
An Important
Statement
regarding the development of the Great Ray Copper
Company's property, by Arthur L. Flagg, the Com
pany's engineer, will be published shortly.
Great Ray stock is now selling at 50 cents per share.
Leave subscriptions with,
L. J. OVERLOOCand SMITH & MACGREGOR,
Bisbee. LowelL Arizona.
offices:
Bisbee
Douglas
Globe
Jerome
Prescott
Phoenix
P. O. BOX 279
Direct Wire Connection with
Jerome and All Our Offices.
R. ALLYN LEWIS
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL. BIS3EE.
JOHN A. CAMPBELL. Manager.
BONDS, STOCKS, INVESTMENTS
Orders Executed for Cash or on Proper Margin
E. F. button & Co's Private
Leased Wire to All Exchanges
- CORRESPONDENT
E.F.Hutton&Co.
Members New York
otock Exchange
TELEPHONE
135
COLORADO LEGISLATURE
IS SWAMPED BY BILLS
DENVER. Feb. 1-Hills, literally
by the hundreds, were poured -into
the legislative hopper today and to
night by meirbers of both houses of
the Colorado assembly, to pet them
into the record before the expiration
of the time for introduction of meas
ures expired at midnight. Both houses
were in session until late fonicht.
Colds Cause Headache and Grip
LAXATIVE BROMO QUININE tablets
remove the cause. There is Only One
"rDnmn nfivivrn T i . 1.
signature of E. V. GROVE on each box
Frice 25 cents.
MEAT WITI (GA
irjrxjm rvg
J SCATARRH;;
bladder:;
WW
vVvWWvWVWVW
HEINO & KEANE
High Class Tailors
Ladies' Work a Specialty.
All work done on the premises
by Union Tailors.
Phone 677, Johnson Addition.
1 jli
THE LITTLE PORTABLE GAS HEATER ENABLES YOU
TO QUICKLY CONVERT THE COLDEST ROOM IN
YOUR HOUSE TO WARMTH AND CHEER IT GIVES
Comfort
r
I
f WHERE YOU WANT IT
WHEN YOU WANT IT
LIGHTS AT THE FLASH OF A MATCH CONNECTS
BY A FLEXIBLE METALLIC TUBE AND CAN BE
EASILY MOVED FROM ONE ROOM TO ANOTHER.
QUICK SAFE CLEAN
Prices $2.75 to $7.00
WlESff
BISBEE
iPBO
CO i
J
f
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 2, 1917.
SEVEN
I.
I
.1
.t
i
I
i
1
Reuieu; Wanf Ads
tdvertlseiuentB under ttmiead at the rate of 1 cen: per word (or eacb
-ue witt a minimum charg of 26 cents. Advertisements must reach The
.tt nMr not iter than S p,m. for Insertion in the next morning paper.
Wanted
WANTED Experienced chamber
maid. Golden Hotel. 64
1
WANTED When wanting help or
wanting employment call up 526.
3S5
WANTED Married woman to wait
table. Cottage Boarding House,
School Hill. 73
WANTED To buy from 3 to 5 room
bouse on level ground close to car
line. L. E. R., Review. 859
WANTED A few boarders. Apply
Mrs. J. J. Brooks, 64 Jiggerville.
WANTED Capable dress maker to
teach trade to young lady. Phone
653. 28
WANTED TO, RENT A 3 to 5 room
modern house or rooms for light
housekeeping. Call Gibson Hines
Lumber Co., or Mr. J. W. F. Smith
at Copper Queen Hotel 32
WANTED 2 young men to travel in
Ariz, and Calif., good appearing men
who are capable of making $40 to
$60 weekly; expenses daily. Call
ThursUay or Friday evenings, room
20, Moose Hotel. 63
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
L. B. WHITNEY. Lawyer, Rooms E-
Allen Block. Open evenings. Phom
647 (109)
Contractor and builder. W. F. White,
Phone Green 468. 21 O. K. Street.
27
High grade portraits, up to date
frames. E. Bushong, Bailey Hotel,
Box 2149. 281
THE MOOSE HOTEL (Old Kinney
House) Furnished rooms $2 per
week and up. with gas: also light
housekeeping rooms 17S
P. J. McCulIough, contractor. Phone
20 Box 934. Excavating, retain
ing walls, concrete houses, wells
and mining work ,is my specialty.
' ' 221
REOPENING of old Mason black
smith shop. Horse shoeing, buggy
work and automobile spring welding
a specialty. Call and see, me, I will
treat you right. J. L. Strayick,
Prop. 206
Miscellaneous
If the party who took the plaid robe
fro"n the automobile in front of Y.
W. C. A. Monday evening will return
same to this office he will receive
to and no questions asked. 316
Learn actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A.. Lcs Angeles. Cat
alogs free. 955
DROP A, CARD to the Guarantee
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for all
kinds of work in our line. Pat Clea
ry, manager. Box 1495. Phone 720.
FOR SALE Highest cash prices paid
for second hand furniture, stoves,
clothing and tools. Uncle Jim's.
Brewer Ctilcb 71
FOUND
FOUND Purse containing valuable
jewelry, owner can have by calling
at the. city marshal's office and
proving property. SCI
For Rent
FOR KENT Three-room unfurnished
house.- 237 School Hill. OS
MOLINE-KNIGHT
Ask Art
Our Want Adds Brinjy Result
PETEY DINK Petey'. Life Is
) I -i 'i.hliit.Jr-t:r - 1
u 1 ii'-.rtti-iir 1 11 s
W f T a IT
Pa In -t csssss-o
1 1 m 1 1 ' 11 1 1 1 1 1 ' 1 11 1 - - sr, -n. v
' - ' Ai ;;
LOST
LOST Diamond sunburst. Return to
Mr. Emit Marks receive liberal re
ward. 108
LOST One Masonic ring set with
small diamond. Return to L L
Gilman. Reward. 39
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Nicely furnished front
room for one or two gentlemen. 108
School Hill. 72
FOR RENT Nicely furnished room
in private family, 31 Clawson Aven
ue, opposite high school. 31
FOR RENT Good light room for one
or two men in good location, Lowell
Inquire P. O. Box 3643 Lowell. 30
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms,
all improvements; new house, foot
of laundry, hill behind Metz Soda
Works. McDugall. 62 1
For Sale.
FOR SALE Piano, $125, cash. W.
Muir. 29
FOR SALE Ford, a bargain, M. a
Hiini Allan ItlivV 91
FOR SALE Six-room house; furnish
ed. 123 Quarry Canyon. 895
FOR SALE One Sterling piano. In
quire Arizona Grocery Store. 52
$1,000 CASH Seven rooms, rents for
$50 a month. S. H., care Review.
. 106
FOR SALE 250 shares Bisbee-Ajo
stock at 40c. Need the money.
Phone 462. 40
NEW spring suitings now in. Mil
lard II Batcman, Leading Tailors.
80
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms, light and water. 41B
OK street. . 76
$150 takes dandy roadster in fin.? con
dition, can be made into truck if de
sired. Addressi D. M. R. . 108
FOR SALE Second hand Ford car, a
snap. See it at once. Brophy Gar
age & Supply Co. 41
FOR SALE Four room house; large
lot, in Cochise. See W. T. Wells.
Cochise, box 2387, Bisbee. 59
FOR SALE 2 dozen white Leghorn
pullets, 18 White Rock pullets of 9
months old. Call Black 478. 325
FOR SALE Emerson upright piano,
mahogany case, good condition,
terms if required, $160. Mrs. Reep.
183 Naco Road. 100
FOR SALE Upright piano and play
er, 50 rolls music, $190, terms.
Mrs. Norris Art Store, opp. John
son's Meat Market. 101
FOR SALE Lots on Winwood Add
An laeai location for families.
Terms $10.00 down and $10.00 a
month. Mrs. Winwood, Winwood
Add. j 17
.......
CONCRETE block house. Warren;
four rooms, bath, two closets, pan
try, two porches; 20x20 garage,
$700 cash, balance like rent Write
L. E. M, box 1815, Bisbee, Ariz. 79
FOR SALE 2 lots in Salt Lake Citv
Utah, good location close In, will
accept Ford auto as part payment
balance monthly payments. For
particulars inquire F. J. Keogh, old
Mason shop, Lowell. 371
FURNITURE FOR SALE The John
eon Addition, Furniture Co. wants
to pay you the highest cash prices
for your second hand furniture. Al
so wants to trade or exchange you
new furniture for your old. We will
sell you furniture cheaner than
anybody on easy payments. Call
In at the big brick building at the
Johnson Addition and let us show
you our large and selected stock of
bouse furnishings, or phone us at
oui store. Phone 385. Johnson Ad
dition.
Just One Expense After Another,
ATLANTIC FLEET
v
: C t ,
mm
The fighting top of the Wyoming, and
- .. . - i j
i&MwM fo&JJr1 ly
maneuvers; nrmg a oroaasiae ai manm era; ine vKiuiiuiita, grcuLLai ui un uunuiig u,iuivmui, ii .
The Atlantic fleet is now in Cuban waters for what will probably prove the most elaborate r.r.:n or
undertaken by the American navy. More ihan seventy war vessels, mcludinjr battleships, cruisers i. eJo
ioat destroyers, cqlliers, tenders and submarine are on the scene, prepared to take part in target praauv '.vjr
jramcs, maneuvers and diills. The ammunition to be consumed in the target practice will be more than .w:ce
She amount-used last year.
' LM ,
KcST AfTER
ZQ'S- ""J 'O Till
-
p
smm,
IN BJG WAR GAME IN
V IRw . ' I 1! m
.'lib
x , i III ' .-fr 3
K ... r
4 "its-'.:.
a glimpse of her t nrivc-inch turret riiles; Admiral Mayo, in i.
: . .t - .m.!.. i r :i I : I... .1.: ,
WE'RE ALL IN A DIET
( t .1.. . i V; -
-
5S
; JL f
CUBAN WATERS
he
SQUAD'
- OH OMCLE
Here's a
tT b ans.
US TO 60 XOV.'M y
mm
..Lodge
WEEK ENDING FEBRUARY 3
Monday
Thursday Blue Regular
Friday
Saturday
N. C.
B. T.
A. M.
C. F.
BLEDSOE. W. M.
WATKINS. Secy. F. & A. M.
COLWELL. E. H. P.
PHILBROOK. T. I. M.
J. E. FRY. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secy. Chapter &.
Commandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secy. Council.
LUUUt 7.
KtKuUi mtreung am ana tnlm
F riday of each month. Visiting brotb
era cordially invited to attend
URi Ks? S BEAR Exalted Ruler
R B COOVER Secretary. '
S'SBEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. a F.
Meetb ever;
Wednesda)
eTeninc at
I Odd Fellow
Hall. Main street at 7:00 p. m. Malt
ing brothers cordially invited to at
tend. Hall phone 111.
CARL V. NELSON. N. G.
G. A. PLUNKETT. Secretary
I LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
I UNiTED STATES OF AMERICA
OREADNO'"HT.
L. O. L. ' a
eta lnL O
j. F. Hall sec
ond and fourtli
Saturday a t
7:30 p. m. Vis
t'ng Brothers
cordially In
vited to attend
GEO. SLEE
MAN. W. M
ROB'T FERGUS. Secy, Box 426.
Bisbee.
LNiOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN V.ECHANICt
Meet In Medlgovlcl
ball, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month
Visiting Drotiiers we!
come
HOMER a TREEi
Councilor W. A. CUNNINGHA5
Recording Sec'3
BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every Thursday at Union
Hail. 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited.
Frederick J. Attaway, president;
E. Linguist, financier, box 3246, Low
ell; Inez McKiniiey, secretary. Low
ell. Advertisement.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
of Cochise County, State of Arizona.
NOTICE OF HEARING PETITION.
In the matter of the Estate of Jo
seph Julyan. Deceased.
Notice is hereby given that Jaiue;
H. Jones and Mrs. Annie Waters have
filed in this Court a certain document
purporting to be the last Will and
Testament of Joseph Julyan, together
with their petition praying that saiii
document be admitted to probate It:
this Court as the last Will and Testa
nient of said Joseph Julyan ho, saie
petitioners allege, is deceased, and
that letters of administration with the
will annexed be issued to James H
Jones, and that same will be hearc
on Saturday, the 17th day of Febru
ary, A. D. 1917. at 10:00 o'clock in the
forenoon of said day, at the court
room of said Court, in the Court
House, in the City of Tombstoue.
County of Cochise, State of Arizona,
and all persons interested in said es
tate are notitied then and there to ap
pear and show cause, if any the:
have, why the prayer of said petition
ers should not be granted.
J. E. JAMES. Clerk.
C. L. ALLEN, Deputy Clerl
Dated January 27th. 1917.
X
PdTtVA
kc -
o;c t i
' .'.
1.
I
1
v. .--..ires,
Notice
A.MGMT3 OF PYTHIAS.
K&tnoone Loage no t
Knights of Pythi
meet each Thors4ai
(except second) In Odi
FeUowi Hall at 7:3
p. m. Visiting brotber
o-dlally lnvt?xJ
EARL SOBLEY. C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM. K ot a. t-
f. b
f HATER SAL
HOTHERHi'
blst Loagt is.
(52 meets in i
and 3rd Moud
of eacb month
7:30 at Odd t
lows Hall ' '
a members Lordlaily Idmh-"
H L. FENNER, President
4R3 C E FINUlTl l
Box 722. Tel. 23(. Rd
rHKKIfc bALHIM V
BI88EC LODGE NO. 1
Meets every Fna uiri-.
'lilting brut hen. eurdu'i
J. V. PETTEY. Plctaf
KAY ROSS, Secretar
F O. E.
Bisbee Aen- .
V- V fl E mit Mr
"tfijfcP and third Monday
8 p. m.. Eagle HalL
Visitors cordially welcome.
RICHARD DAVIS, President
M. D. COHEN. Aerie Puysiclaa
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SE
CURITY. Meetings will be held every Thurs
lay at Union Hall at 7:30 p. m.. be
ginning February 1. Advertisement.
852
WOODMEN CIRCtF
Meets In Meiigovlcb Hal) ind and
ttb Frtdsys of each month. 304
PAULINE F. BROWN. Clerk.
P. O. Box 621
MCUERN WOODMEN Of AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No
13413. Meet first Tues
day at Odd Fellow
HalL
R. L. MOTZ.
Ctocsul
H. F. MATHEWSON.
CI rk
PYTHIAN S.'STERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows' HalL Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
ANNA HART, M. E. C.
JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. C
WOODMEN OF THE WQRLO
meet 1st and 3rd Wed
nesday at 7 3a Brooby
Hall.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk
Hall. AU Woodmen invited.
I. O. R. M.
Meets first and third
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
tn Medlgovich Hall All
risitlng Red Men invited
o attend.
JOHN KELLY. Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. ''diclne Man,
F. C. FENDERSO. ?. of R.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
Pearl Chapter No.
meets in Masonic Hall
second and fourth Tuea
day ot each month at 7:39
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS.
Worthy Matron
""one 230 P. O- Box S41. Bisbee.
TS. JESSE BEVAN. Sef y. P. O. Box
99. Chairman Relief Com. Phone M
By C A. Voight
-9 EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 2, 1917
8
I
8
lo
"Baby
THE LATEST AND GREATEST LAUGH SUCCESS OF THE AMERICAN
STAGE. A SMILE CGINING COMEDY
PRICES - .... 35c, 50c, 75c
TOMORROW NIGHT DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE.
The Home of Red Reel Features
TODAY ONLY. TODAY ONLY.
Continuous from 1 to 10. '
mum
SEE FLORENCE
ivQFGe andfheDau&hfer
An Appealing Human Story of a Young Girl and Today
ADMISSION - - - - 10 and 15 Cents.
Tickets Issued on Coupons Accepted for Any
. Performance.
t FRIDAY, FEB. 3 and
Jj COMMENCING
PRICES -
BE
HELEN GREY & CO. VISIONS DE ART
THt ACT BEAUTIFUL
A STUDY IN ELECTRICS ORIGINAL AND UNIQUE
OLDFIELD & DREW
THE BIG BASSO AND THE BASE BALL GIRL
SONGS, FATTER. IMPRESSIONS AND NIFTY NONSENSE
THEY HAVE MADE THOUSANDS LAUGH FROM COAST TO COAST
ADDED ATTRACTION
IN CONJUNCTION WITH A GREAT PARAMOUNT FEATURE
STARRING OWEN MOORE
A GUARANTEED SHOW A HIGH CLASS FNTERTAINMENT
THAT YOU WILL BE GLAD YOU SPENT YOUR MONEY FOR.
A REMINDER
How long since you sent a photo
of your self to your folks at home?
Dix Studio, Jakob Schmid Building,
Brewery Gulch. Adv. 309
ITS COMING
Ask Art
S3
TONIGHT
THETHEADORE LORCH COMPANY PRESENTS
THE FUNNIEST OF FUN PLAYS
M
Failure
a
LABADIE IN
SATURDAY, FEB. 4.
5:30 P. M
15 AND 25 CENTS.
DEVILLE
LUXE
SPECIAL ORCHESTRA
AND MARGARET COURTOT.
OIL! OIL! OIL!
Buy oil land Mh.-re the big wells
flow. We give 16 times more square
feet than any other company. One
well produced over 25,000 barrels;
many 3.000 barrel wells. Ixw capi
talization. Literature and particulars
cheerfully given. F. Brings & Co.,
agent Anulcton Co-operative Oil &
fjas Company, Brazoria county, Texas.
1'lione 701, Ifiwell. Advertisi incut.
Mtl
H;de on the American Stage Line,
Cisbec to Douglas. Dione 366.
Stone
A
?Ti052 TTVta
me'
UP FROM BORDER.
H. L. Christensen, well known bor
der rancher, was a visitor In Lowell
yesterday.
BACK FROM GLEESON.
Jim Herron. local cattleman, lias re
turned from Gleeson, where he had
been visiting for several days.
THE PURE MILK DEPOT.
Fresh home-ninde butter. Try it.
Advertisement 75
HOME IN ST. LOUIS.
Walter Home, of the Bisbee-Aj'J
company, is in St. Louis, according to
letters received by friends in this city.
OVERLOOK TO RETURN.
L. J. Overloi k, local broker, is ex
pected to return to his home here
within the next few days from Califor
nia. Dance Saturday night, Eagles' Hall.
j Dancing starts at 8:30 o'clock. 105
Advertisement.
ON WAY TO DOUGLAS.
A. C. Karger. clerk tf the board of
supervisors, passed through Bisbee
yesterday on his way to Douglas, re-
! turning to Tombstone last night.
CASE DISMISSED.
City Attorney L. B. Whitney yes
terday dismissed the complaint against
Tony Palombo, charging the lattet
with transporting liquor. Palombo
was represented by Attorney S. H.
Kyle."1
MINERS UNION DANCE.
At Union Hall, OK street Sunday
evening. February 4. Dancing begins
at 8:30 o'clock. 107
Advertisement.
MINER IS SUMMONED.
James V. Shaw an employe of the
Copper Queen, died of pneumonia
Wednesday night in his home in Moon
Canyon. He is survived by a widow,
two sons ' and daughter. Announce
ment of funeral services will be made
later.
FROM SMELTER CITY.
Harry Clark, superintendent of the
C. & A. smelter at Douglas, motored
up to Bisbee and Lowell yesterday
for a brief visit. His twelve-cylinder
smile helped a great deal to olT.-et
the gloom caused by the sudden drop
on the stock market.
N"OTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
Owing ta the increase of all ma
terials we have discontinued shoe re
pairing. Thanking our patrons for
their past business. Waters & Son,
Brewery avenue. Adv. 61
CHARGE DISMISSED.
The charge of maintaining a public
nuisance filed against the management
of the Imperial pool hall several days
ago, was dismissed yesterday morn
ing. It was shown that the hall had
changed hands recently and that the
new owners had not been warned that
the rubbish accumulated 'on the prop
erty must be removed. The owner
promised yesterday that he would im
mediately order the rubbish removed.
Do you know that M. Curran, the
automobile painter, is back on- the
job again. First class automobile,
carriage and wagon painting. Old Ma
son Building, Lowell.
THE NEW STAR.
The Star Tneatre, formerly the Ly
ric, on Brewery Gulch, is being paint
ed and renovated and is a very at
tractive little theatre. The program
today will be a four-reel melodrama
feature, entitled the "Adventures of
Kitty Cobb."
BOUND OVER.
Cosmo and Desiderio Solorzano,
Jesus Garcia and Juan Valenzuela.
charged with smuegling five sacks of
tungsten ore from Sonora into the
I'nitcd States at Douglas, were bound
over to await the action of the Fed
eral grand jury at the conclusion of
their preliminary hearing before 1".
S. Commissioner H. C. Beuller, at i
Douglas, Wednesday afternoon.
W. P. DAVEY ILL.
W. P. Dmey, a member of l ho i orii
f.r skills: km. m force nt (tie Oliver
shall, is t iKiliiii i lo his home on
Youugblood Hill wiili an ullark of
pneumonia. Havey a talcon ill
Sunday. His romlilion last nii'ht Was
leported lo )(. satisfactory.
NOTICE.
All l'.Mhian sisieis ;im) isiting sin
ters are ri (iies(. il lo meet itl 1. ().
O. F. tonight at 7 : :tit.
Hy onler AXXA HAltT. M. K. C.
Advertisement. 81
BIBLE CLASS TO MEET.
The Y. W. ( A. Bible class will
meet to hear Rev. Dr. Iirewster at the
Y. Y. ( A. building this morning at
10:3l o'clock.
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath. SS Masnn
4111, Mason Hill car stop.
(Advertisement)
IPOSTOFFICE CLOSED.
Observing the Arbor Day prorlama-'
ti'.in of Coventor Canipheil, Hie post-I
office will be closed today, except be-,'
tween the hours of ten and eleven j
o'clock this morning. i
PNEUMONIA VICTIM
Archie Allen, need ' 24 years died
Wednesday night of pneumonia in the
Copper Queen hospital. The youth's
father. A. R. Allen, of Creede rl
as tintitt,.,i ,.r . '
.. . ... ihtn fun o iiT-oLii aim is
expected t'o take charge of the body.
Expert repairing on fine watches
and jewelry; diamond setting, engrav
ing and general repairing. Minton,
the postoffice jeweler, Lowell.
Advertisement 343
FIRST AID TO MEET.
Members of the First Aid class will
assemble at the Y. W. C. A. building
at 9:30 this morning to hear Dr. U. B.
flurfee, city and county bacteriologist.
The First Aid class is growing rapid
ly, and now has upwards of a score
or young women attending. All are
invited.
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE
Irwin Studio, Main Street.
857!
Advertisement
FAIR BOWLERS TO MEET.
The meeting of the Young Women's
Bowling club, set for the early part
of the week at Miss Lucile Watkins'
home, has been postponed until Feb.
S, it was learned yesterday.
HERE FROM COLORADO.
Mrs. Texana Nelson, of La Junto,
Colorado, arrived yesterday to visit
her brother, W. D. Wood, and her
daughter, both 'of the Warren district.
Mrs.' Nelson will remain several
weeks.
ORIGINAL Bl SB EE-TOMBSTONE
STAGE LINE.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
Jaily at 7 al ni. and 1:30 p. m: from
Cochise Motor Co, Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. 939
(Advertisement)
A car every hour, Bisbee to Doug
'as. Good cais and careful drivers,
xmerican Stage Line. Phone 366.
Advertisement
BIRTH CONTROL
ADVOCATE WILL
"DIE FOR CAUSE"
it ?
J t .v. .1
Sirs. Ethel Byrne (.top) and .Mrs
Sanger.
Mrs. Ethel Byrne, sentenced in
New York to thirty days in prism
for distributing birth control iitcia
ture, has pone on a hunjrer strike
am) declares slip vvili "die for the
caue." Mrs. Byrne is a Mster of
Mrs. Marjraret Santrer. tl.e best
kuovvn advocate cf birth co'iliol.
4 I
$ I
MEREDITH RELEASED
WHEN PROSECUTION
POSTPONES HIS CASE
George Meredilh. arrested Weilnes-
day on a felony charge growing out
of the injury of the liiile won of Mr. I
and Mrs. Charles Kirs Tuesday after-,
noon, was released yesterday and the '
case against him was postponed by '
Judge M. C. High at the request of
County Attorney John F. Ross. The
Kins boy sustained a broken leg when
struck by an automobile on Xaco
road. The car failed to stop after
the accident and the following day
Meredith was placed under arrest on
.i "John Doe" warrant.
Meredith declared that be did not
know that his car had struck the child.
Several friends, who were in the car
at the time, said lhat they had seen j
the little fellow run towards the ma-1
chine but did not think at the time ,'
that he had been struck. The case
was thoroughly investigated by coun
ty authorities and Meredith was tern-
porarily cleared of blame. Kins had
I 0n Tues,Ia' expressed a desire tc
: against Mere-
I dith- after 1,,arinK the latter's side
r u,e affair- but Meredith could not
be released, until County
be released, until County Attorney
j Ross sanctioned postponement of the
lease yesterday. The King boy is do
I ing well and his Injuries will not
yivr: mid!. j
I ne account ol .Meredith s arrest
was published in the Review yester
day m'jrning under headlines that
j should have, been over another story.
This mistake was caused by the fact
that the wording of the two headings
was slightly similar and. during the
rush caused by the receipt of several
thousand words of telegraph news re-
.; garding the German note, the two
heads became mixed.
FLORENCE LABADIE
LEADS IN EXCELLENT
FEATURE ATTRACTION
! .
"Divorce and the Daughter" Is
i Latest Pathe Release to Be
; Shown at the Royal With
i Famous Actress.
The feature at the Royal theatre to
day is the Pathe Gold Rooster play
"Divorce and the Daughter", produced
by Thanhouser with Florence LaBadie
as the star. It is a splendid drama of
today built on a fine basic idea of
human and timely interest
Everyone is interested in the theme.
You are. Everybody you kirow in
Here briefly is the story-
A middle-aged father who has been
prevented by necessity from realizing
his ambition to become an artist sud
denly inherits a moderate fortune and
a home in the country. His oldest
daughter Is just growing to woman
hood. A beautiful adventuress learns
of the father's inheritance and als'j
of his reputation as a model husband.
She cynically wagers that before the j
summer is over she will have him at
her feet.
The daughter is loved by two men;
one, a doctor, is honest in his inten
tions; the other, a scoundrel, preaches
to her the doctrine of free love. In
answer to his persuasive arguments,
she tells him that the rove of her
father and mother proves to her that
marriage is a success. You can
imagine the power of the situation
when she learns that her father is
carrying on an 'afTair with another
woman.
The Suggestion of divorce sends the
young girl to the villain, who has been
waiting for her. How will it end?
TAKE "CASCARETS" IF
HEADACHY, BILIOUS
AND CONSTIPATED
Best for liver and bowels, bad
health, bad colds, sour
stomach.
Get a 10-cent box.
Sick headache, bilious, coated
tongue, head and nose clogged up with
a cold nlways trace this to torpid
liver; delayed, fermenting food in the
bowels or sour, gasy stomach.
Poisonous matter clogged in the in
testines, instead of being cast out of
the system is re-absorbed into the
blood. When this poi-ton reaches the
delicate brain tissue it causes conges
tion and that dull, throbbing, sicken
ing headache.
Cascarets immediately cleanse the
stomach, remove the sour, undigested
food and foul gases, take the excess
bile from the liver and carry out all
the constipated waste matter and pois
.ins in the bowels.
A Casi-aret tonight will surely
straighten you out by morning. They
work while you sleep a 10-cent bo
from your. druggist means your head
clar. stomach sweet and your liver
and bowels regular for months.
(Advertisement)
x; f I TO 1
I R
-'fr1-- 'lr s
ft --v.- m S at t: i M.-r. I
If men knew the clothing situation, this year, as well
as we do, every one would likely have a new suit at the
reduced prices in our -
February Mark Down of
MENS SUITS
Every indication points to higher prices next season
for the same quality of All-Wool Clothing which we are
offering now at reduced prices for Season-end Clearance,
in accordance with our policy of many years. The
preposition, therefore, should have your immediate at
tention. Here's what you save on such clothes as HART,
SCHAFFNER & MARX, MICHAELS STERN and
HIRSH WICKWIRE.
Values
Value
DOUGLAS PRISONERS
GO ONF00D STRIKE
Three Negroes Will Live on
Bread and Water for Thirty
Days Rather Than Work
on Street Gang.
The- rule of "no work, no eats." or
words to that effect, adopted in the
early days by Captain John Smith, is
teing followed in Douglas by Chitjf
of Police Bill Kirby, of that city. As
a result three negro prisoners, Clar
ence Mays. Earl Kimball and Lonnis
Davis, are trying to figure out how
they can live on bread and water for
a month and have appetites for chick
en and watermelon when they get out.
The colored gentlemen were nabbed
in a raid on Johnny Farrels place in
Douglas a week ago. They were
found g-uilty on vagrancy charges and
ordered to spend thirty days working
on the streets. They refused to
budge, however, when the regular
street gang left the jail, so Chief
Kirby ordered them put on a bread
and water diet until they changed
their minds. The three dusky prison
ers are said to be losing weight rap
idly but declare they will not go to
work.
Morrow Chiropodist removes corns,
bunions, ingrowing nails without pain.
Instant relief, office 2 doors from city
park. Brewery Gulch. Adv. 254.
'The House
TODAY ONLY.
to $20.
$141
SQJ5
ORMI HAWLEY IN
"Her American Prince"
From the Great Stage Success based upon the Celebrated
Novel of the same name.
ADMISSION
MATINEE DAILY AT 1 P. M.
s to $25.
VaL to $32.50.
TO
We are authorized to accept sub
scriptions at 50c per share until Feb
ruary 10th. for the few thousand
shares of Gila Canon Consolidated
Copper Co. subscription stock remain
ing unsold. All arrangements are per
fected to start trading, io this stock
on the New York curb February loth.
R. Allyn Lewis. Advertisement 34
$30 OVERCOATS FOR $20
Just a few more left. Miller's Shirt
& Hat Shop, Main St.
Advertisement 309
AR
Theatre
Formerly Lyric Theatre
TODAY
"ADVENTURES OF
; KITTY COBB
A James Montgomery Flag
Masterpiece in 4 Acts Feat
uring Jack Hopkins.
ADMISSION
of Comfort1
MATINEE AND NIGHT
10 AND 15 CENTS.
Theatre