MARKETS.
NEW YORK ClTV
Average orlce of cop
per for week ending
April 1827.96.
WEATHER.
Arizona Sunday anil
Monday generally fair
nol much change in
tempTstiire.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 19. NO. 273.
BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 22, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
A
IRIS
HELP JHELWA
D
full of mm I
I
GRADY
WOULD STATESMAN AND
STAFF RUSH TO GONFE
Mfll
u. s.
Britisher Says Throwing of Freedom-Loving America Whole
heartedly Into War Will Astound World; Hopes We'll
Escape Mistakes Britain Made, and Praises Hoover and
Gerard's Great: Neutral , Work. Conferences To Last
Week.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON', April 21. Foreign
Minister Balfour and the other mem
bers of the commission sent to Amer
ica by the government of Great Brit
ain, are expected to arrive in Wash
ington at 3 o'clock tomorrow after
noon on a special train.
There will be little ceremonial in
the greeting of the visitors at the rail
road station tomorrow;.';- Secuptary
Lansing will be on the platform to
receive Mr. Balfour. Two troops of!
the Second Cavalry will escort Mr.
Balfour and his immediate party, ac
companied by Mr. Lansing, to the
residence prepared for them.
WITH THE BALFOUR PARTY,
April 21. Great Britain's high
commissioners to the Internation
al War Council to begin in Wash
ington next week, set foot on
Amerian soil today and now are
on their way to the capital.
Arthur James Balfour, secre
tary of state for foreign affairs of
the mepire, formerly premier and
often called the dean of the
world's, elder statesmen, was the
central figure of a party -that in
cluded 'tome of Great Britain's
most prominent men.
U. S. WILL ASTOUND WORLD.
With a genial smile playing over
his features, he consented to a
brief interview, warmly express
ing his appreciation of all the
United States has done as a neu
tral in charitable and relief work
in Belgium and in German prison
camps, his gratification that Eng
land and the United States now
were allied for a common pur
pose and his conviction that this
country in its war efforts would
astound the world, particularly
Germany.
Object Is Germany's Doom.
The object of the commission. Mr.
Balfour said, was "to make co-operation
easy and effective between those
who are striving with all their power
to .bring about a lasting peace by the
only means that can secure it, namely,
a successful war."
Highly Honored.
England's leading statesman, having
evaded the German submarines and
mines which sent Lord Kitchener to
his death, were received with th?
highest honors as guests of the Amer
ican people when they 'arrived at a!
place in America which cannot be!
named. A delegation of state,
war
and navy department officials wel
comed the commission in the name
of the government and set out with
them to the capital for what is ad
mittedly the most vital conference in
American history.
The formal welcome was extended
by Third Assistant Secretary of State
Breckinridge Long, through the pres
entation to Mr. Balfour cf ; a letter of
greeting from Secretary Lansing,
which the British' statesman acknow
ledged with equal simplicity which
British and American officials ming
le dtogether.
A special train got under way for
the capital, guarded as almost no
other train ever has been guarded in
this country.
Flunge Into Conference.
Almost immediately, when the train
started, the large party broke up into
groups of army, navy, and state de
partment officials to begin at once
the informal conversations which are
exptrcted to sketch out America's part
in the world fight against German
autocracy. Mr. Balfour and Secre
tary Long. Lieut. General Bridges,
who drew the first blood for England
in August. 1914, and Major General!
Leonard Wood, and Rear Admiral de
Chair and Rear Admiral F. F. Fletch
er soon were in deep conversation on
the various phases of American parti
cipation. Here In Spirit of Help.
Oa a llsides It was reiterated that
the British commissioners had come
in a spirit of appreciation and that
it was their hope the lessons they had
learned is the war at such cost mlglit
be of service to this country In avoid
ing similar mistakes.
Balfour States Hopes.
While unable to grant an extended
interview before presenting himself to
President Wilson, Mr. Balfour con
sented to say a few words as to his i
general hopes for the conference and
the fundamental purposes behind it.
"There are two things which 1 mai
permit myself to say: j
"One, on my own behalf, the otherj
on behalf of my countrymen in gen-j
eral. 1
"On my own behalf, let me express !
the deep gratifiations I feel at being
connected in any capacity whatever
with events which associate our coun
tries in a common effort for a great
ideal.
Praises Hoover's Work.
"On behalf of my countrymen. K-t
me express our gratitude for all that
the citizens of the United States ol
America have done to mitigate the lot
of those, who in the allied countries,
have suffered from the cruelties of the
most deliberately cruel of all wars.
To name no others, the efforts of Mr.
Gerard to alleviate the condition of
British and other prisoners of war in
Germany and the administrative gen
ius which Mr. Hoover has ungrudgin-j
ly devoted to the relief of the unhappy
Belgians and French in the territories
i. r ill tn nn n in nuAiinQlinnc ticv,i1' will
, , ' .... ., '.' , ,,-,-!
be forgotten. While an inexhaustible
stream of charitable effort has sup
plied medical and nursing skill to the
service of the wounded and the sick.
Is Admirer of Wilson.
"These' are the memorable doings
of a beneficient neutrality. But the
days of neutrality are, I rejoice to
think, at an end. and the first pa;e
is being turned in a new chapter it;
the history of mankind. Your I'resi
dent, in a most apt and vivid phra.se.
has proclaimed that the world must
be made sale for democracy. Demo
cracies wherever they are to be found,
and not least the democracies of the
British empire, will hail the pro
nouncement as 'a happy augury. That
self governing communities are not
to be treated as negligible simply be
cause they are small; that the ruth
less domination of one unscrupulous
power imperils the future of civiliza
tion and the liberties of mankind are
truths of political ethics which the
bitter experience of war is burning In
to the souls of all freedom-loving peo
ples. U. S. Entrance Momentous.
That this great people should have
thrown themselves whole-heartedly 'n
to this mighty struggle, prepared for
all the efforts and sacrifices that may
be required to win success for this
most righteous cause, is an event at
once so happy and so. momentous that
only the historian of the future will
lie able, as I believe, to measure its
true proportions.
By Review Leased Wire)
While the artillery of. fie French
and British armies continue to hurl
thousands of projectiles into the Ger
man lines from Lens to East of Au
berive, in Champagne, the entente
forces have repulsed counter attacks
and made progress at some points.
The artillery activity is reported
heavy around Arras, south of St. Quen
tin and on the Aisne and Champagne
fronts in the regions of Siossons and
Rheinis, German guns are replying to
the entente fire at some points.
33,000 Prisoners.
During the two weeks of the Anglo
French offensive the Germans lost
more than 3.1.000 prisoners and 3r
guns larger than machine guns. Mon
day of each of the last two weeks has
been the beginning of a new offensive
by one of the entente armies and the
heavy artillery duels of the last two
days may be the forerunner of a new
thrust against the battered German
lines.
Friday afternoon strong artillery
BRITISH AND FRENCH BLAZING
WAY FOR ONE GIGANTIC STROKE
Patriotic American Bankers Far
Nation's First War Offering
(Ry Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. . April 21. The
first American offering of war se
curities in any form, $200,030,000
in treasury certificates, has been
heavily over-subscribed.
How great the over-subscription
' is, officials were unable to say to
night, as many of the banku before
which the offer had been placed
informally through the federal
board, had not been heard from.
The certificates were offered
ARIZONA THEORISTS
WOULD BAR TOBACCO
THROUGHOUT WAR
TUCSON. April 21. At to
day's session of the agricul
tural mobilization conference,
composed of prominent citi
zens of the state and food ex
perts of the University of Ari
zona, resolutions were adopted
urging that the department of
agriculture take steps to de
crease the acreage devoted to
tobacco culture, a million and
a quarter acres last year, and
that corn be planted instead.
The conference had previous
ly adopted resolutions calling
upon the government to pro
hibit the use of grain in the
manufacture of liquor during
the period of the war. -
,
;
German Destroyers
Sunk Off England
(By Review Leased Wire).
Two, possibly three, of five German
destioyers, that attempted a raid up
on , Dover. England, and upon British
shipping there, were sunk by two ves
sels of' the British patrol on Friday
night, the engagement lasting only
" . " "
five minutes. The British los-v?s
were slight.
Two British relief steamers, the
Norwegian steamer Kongsli and the
Ringhorn. have been sunk. The Kong
sli carried 6.000 tons of wheat.
Naco Suspect Tried j
To Inflame India
DOUGLAS, April 21. Singh Bhag- j
wan, a Hindu, arrested Thursday aft-i
ernoon in Naco while attempting to i
cross the international boundary into i
Mexica. is wanted fen two charges of J
conspiracy in connection with plots to !
incite a revolution in India, accord-
ing to a telegram received by federal
officers today. The warrants are on
the way to United States Marshal Joe j
Dillon at Tucson, the message said. I
Bhagwan who admits that he had '
been working for a revolt Tor several
years in San Francisco is in the guatt;
house at Camp Harry J. Jones here
SAN FRANCISCO. April 21. Bhag
wan is one of a group of Hindoos head-
ed by Ram Chandra editor of a rcvol- :
utionary Hindu paper here. Chai.dia
and his assocites were arrested her? i
April 7. charged with planning to ship
arms tu India in the Anni Darsen and
Mavarick, vessels which left Pa-itic
portg in April. 1915. The shipments
were later confiscated.
firing was begun along the whole river
Aisne front and also in the Cham- j emment palace, the note sent to Ger
pagne. said the Berlin communication. manv jn protes, against the sinking
From this the assumption seems war- j of tm? Mcn(e protegido contains
ranted that the French guns are blaz-1 terms whj,.h wil, (.alsp a rlllture be
ing a way for the infantry with tween the two countries,
bombardment of drum fire intensity.
The whole front of the French offen
sive movement is included within thls200 PROMINENT CHILEANS
field and the inftnry attack seems not
unlikely to he resumed along the en
tire line. Should a break be effecetd
by General Nivelle at any one of the
numerous da'iger points for the Ger
mans on this front something ap
proaching a disaster for them would
result. The first effect of which
would be a further enforced retreat.
As for the British Berlin also chon
icled that they seem about to renew
their drive. The northern end of the
Hindenburg line, it may be judged, is
about to suffer another hammering.
British and French indeed, may be
ready to make a combined attack at
each end of the line tdmultaneouly in
a determined effort to roll it up.
only to financial institutions. The
response, officials believe, pres
ages a patriotic outpouring of
funds to an extent unparalleled ih
the history of any nation when the
$5,000,000,000 bond issue is placed
before the general public.
Offering of the certificates wa?
made informalfy because the $7,
000.000,000 finance measure is not
yet a law. .As soon as it is dis
possd of by congress, probably by
Wednesday of next week, the for
Relations
j with v. s;
Broken By
Turkey
LONDON, April 21.
The Turkish government on
Friday evening officialy in
formed the American em
bassy that diplomatic rela
tions with the United States
had been broken off, accord
ing to a Berlin dispatch for
warded by Reuter's corres
pondent at Amsterdam.
American Ambassador
Elkus, who is suffering from
typhus fever, the report
adds, will have to remain
' . ..
some time in ionstantin-
ople. The ambassador's
condition has shown some
improvement,
ARGENTINA TO
BREAK WITH
(By Review Leaseu Wire)
BUKNOS AIRES. April 21.A demon
stration organized by the peoples pat-
rictic committee in support of the in-
ternational policy of President Irigo-
yen against the Herman submarine j
, campaign was held tonight. Various !
public men
made speeches after a ,
procession hart marched to the gov-1
eminent palace, declaring that Argen-j
tina's traditional policy would be j
made to shine anew by the govern- i
. ment. which recognized the justice of ;
'the cause of the nations fighting !
j against imperialism and despotism,
May Break Today j
El Diario says the government prob
j ably will break off relations with the
; Gorman minister tomorrow as there
is no hope of obtaining satisfactory
explanations of indemnification for
the sinking of the Monte Protegido
and adds that Argentina' then will
join with the nations fighting for lib
erty, civilization and democracy.
The newspaper says that according
to the version given out at the gov-
APPLAUD WILSON WAR NOTE
(By Review Leased Wire)
SANTIAGO. Chile. April 21. A
message signed by two hundrel of
the most prominent Chileans has
been sent to President Wilson. The
message reads:
"The Spanish'Amcrican nations,
born of liberty and established on
democratic basis cannot do less than
adhere to the fundamental espies?
ions of your messare to the North
American parliament confident thai
th exercise of justice and liberty uu
der the protection of democracy will
be concentrated to the triumph of hu
manitarian ideals."
GERMANY
TODAY
Oversubscribe
of $200,000,000
mal offer will be made and pro
ceeds of the subscription called
for at once.
The informal offering of thexer
tificates has been before the banks
of the country only three days.
The certificates wfll bear three
per cent interest and will mature
June 30, the end of the fiscal year.
The date of their maturity indi
cates belief on the part of ths offi
cials that the $5,000,000,000 ooni
issue will be floated by that tim.
BRITAIN TAKES OVER
ALL FLOUR MILLS
i
:
t
j
;
i
LONDON April 21. Baron
Devonport. the- food controller,
today' issued an order for the
taking over of all flour mills
in the United Kingdom April
30. by his department. It Is
presumed the mills will con
tinue tq be operated by their
present owners under super
vision of the food controller.
...
Villa Is Now Shot j
Through Both Legs
(By Review Leased Wire) :
EL PASO. April 21. The assertion ,
that Villa wax wounded in- the iece.il j
battle between his own band and goi'- t
eminent forces under General Mur
guia at San Miguel de Babicora. is
made in today's issue jf El Heraldo
del Norte of Chihuahua City, copies
o( which arrived at the border this
evening. Private reports have been
received, the paper says, that Villa
was shot through both l.'gs and was
! onl?. "aved !rora. ,apl,Te "bv fa xn,ira: !
i cle. as a flanking column of aqui ;
Indians under General Fabela had al
j most formed a circle around Villa s
J peisonal escort.
...!.. .,i l-.. ,i.
The Herald'i still continues its anti-American
props-gi'tida.
Save World From
Starving, U. 5. Task
(By Review Leased Wire).
CHICAGO. April 21 The question
!of saving the worid from starvation
'rests on the shoulders of America,
1 Present indications are that b next
i winter there will not be enough food
the United Stales to feed the na -
; tion's own people, let alone send sup-
( plies to the suffering multitudes of i
j Europe. The only salvation lies in
I tlm nltintinir nf millirtnu nf ndilitinnsll i
1 .
acres to fcod stuffs anil the cutting on
This was the message borne to Chi-
(cago today by George K. Ferill, of the
U nited States department of agricul-
ture.
..jt (loesll't niatter what it costs to
nrodnce. Mnnev is nnlv exchange, and
i it snouid t.ost . to produce Jl
w.Jrtn nt fo(Mj Btuffs it must be done.
people can eat food, but not money
cost should not be counted now. The
world must be kept from starving.'
0. S. 1ST STOP
OR ALLIES
(By Review Leased Wire.) ,
LONIHLN, April 21. The first .Hid j
most important duty of the American;
leople to their allies is to economize'
,.n L.lnffj Tliit la thta annitul nf 1
Ilobert C. Hoover, chairman cf the !
American commission for relief in llei-j
..a.-... a mi n oi.i.in. .in i.,..ki '
r " . , , , 7
that America will fail in this and our:
allies will need to gve n. America can i
upset these calculations." j
Mr. Hoover's observations were I
made after three weeks ,f consult a-1
ion with members of the
British.
French and Ililian cabinets, lie also
investigated the food and shipping sit
uation and plans for Ameri'-an coop
oration. The ne r'.-'ult be reached
vs that boiwoon now aui t.'ie nevt
kan peop' needed.
"I feci it my duty to emphasize,"
Mr. Hoover continued, "that the food
f.lU'11, mm iririuij aiif i lit . u it. .... t i-- -
of the American food hoard. , of consumption.
"If we do not do it." he declared to-' "The only hope or providing the do
day to the Associated Tress, "we stand! ticiency is by the elimination of wasto
a grave chance of losing the war, br-j and actual and rigorously self-sacritic -cause
our nl'o's cannot tig!'! without on the part of t.'ie American people.
tnn.l r. ..n..,u ur. .il.iilutinff . "Thp liurevt finvinf iuN the :lHHie-i
SENATE A D HOUSE CLEAR
DECKS FOR
ARMY DRAFT BILL MONDAY
President's Bill Is Introduced In Senate, and Parliamentary
Tangles Removed Assuring Show Down Early In Week.
House Will Counter With Volunteer Bill Monday, Au-
thorizing Draft If Their Scheme Fails.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. April 21. Pres
dent Wilson's fight t0 organize
a war time army in accordance
with the advice of the war de
partment and the army general
staff will begin in earnest Mon
day in both houses of congress.
In the senate today the admin
istration bill, supported by Sena
tor Chamberlain, chairman of the
military committee, and a major
ity of his committee associates
was started on its way to a vote.
There was some debate, parlia
mentary tangles were disposed of
and the way cleared for uninter
rupted consideration of the meas
ure. Dent Leads Opposition
In the house both the majority
and minority reports were pre
sented from the military commit
tee and the bill will come up on
Monday with Representative
Kahn, ranking Republican, lead
ing the committee's minority fight
for the administration plan un
amended, while Chairman Dent,
heading the majority of the com
mittee, directing the opposition,
will urge the trial of he volun
teer system before resorting to
the selective draft of the war de
partment plan.
Minority For Draft
The minority report, signed by
eight members oL the committee.
rests for authority on a letter from of 25 who may be move I to
I Secretary Baker to Chairman Dent tie- volunteer, and by equalizing the terms
j daring the opinion that any compro- and con.litiop of service in the reu
.'niise on the denartments nlan "would army, national guard, and addition-
be attended by unfortunate results."
Volunteer Argument
The majority reported, signed by
Chairman Dent and 11 otheis. says
in part:
"The bill authorizes but does not
j direct the President to issue a call
j for a volunteer army of 500.000 in the
flrs, pla,.e an,i of 8I1 additional force
of soo.Ooo if necessary, under the law
I now jn exjSIence.
3 Months to Register
"The bill further authorizes
the
i President tn nrneeed at onre with the .
. . . ..
registration of all male citizens be-.
tween the ages of 21 and 40 as pro-
j vjjed in the plan of the war depart-
j m,,nt fr a draft. So that all of the
, marhinerv authorizing the draft of
r,00.i00 for the first force and of the
additiona SniLOnO will be put in oper-
at ion at once.
Draft as Final Resort
"It will require, according to the
testimony of the secretary of war be-
' fi.re the military committee at least
three months and probably longer to
food wT
STARVE BT FALL
situation is one or the utmost gravity
which unless solved may result in tho
collapse of everything we hold dear in
civilization.
"The totul stuck nf ffHHl tlMlaV
available in the allied world is simply
not sufficient to last until September '
... . ,. . .
11 iiii,ni"j ,nn r I ii lien ii ureteiii r:ii.
must have. are. primarily wheat and
pork products. Secondarily meat,
corn and beans. They need a mini-
mum of 90.000.000 bushels of wheat
from North America, more
than
twice today's apparent surplus on a
normal export basis. There is no
time to reorganize the dietary of
Europe. oT carry the allies over un
til the next harvest we must redu-'o
our wheat consumption thirty per
woman and child must forego at le,t ;
one loaf cf wheat bread per week and
eat something else.
BATTLE DUE
i complete this registration. In the
j meantime, if the President sees tit. he)
i is authorized to call for volunteers,
'and upon the completion of the regis-
tration he has absolute power to de
J cide whether he m ill take an army of
j volunteers or organize one by draft.
Units By States
"The bill provides that organiza
tions of all fores. other than the reg
ular army, shall be composed of men
from, and of officers, appointed from.
' the same state or locality as far as
' piacticable.
"Both the volunteer and the draft
features of the bill authorize the
; President to refus- to accept either
by nlis;nient or draft the services of
persons needed in the industrial pur
t suits of the Vountry."
Baker Champions Dfart
I Secretary Baker's letter, included in
the minority report, was written as a
j final plea from the military branch of
i the government in behalf of the adn in
, ist ration hill.
"I have a deep conviction that any
conipromise of the priie:ples ov rn
. ing the bill, submitted bv the (icpart
; ment for the raising of a :iew amy
i would tie attended by unfortunate re
. sulis." he wrote.
"The bill as drawn preser-es s
; much of the volunteer spirit at ran be
preserved without embarking on tlie
! experiment of a mixed system of dratt
unil volunteering. It makes place for
' several hundred thousand men above
al forces, gives such volunteers n
".ire eipiality with all otheis ih t'i
national forces.
The Only Jut; Svs'em
"The draftini: provision star'., at Hie
jutset a process by which the i.n '1
of the country ca.i he called as 'hoy
shall be needed, according to un er.i:il
and just system. .inl it Vi i triobe
merits:
"1 It spreads the burden of military
preparation equaily throughout tli
United States.
"2 It is short in its operation .-o
that after the registration is u::nle
every man in the country will know
! whether he is to be called
ul when
' Se is to be called upon, allov nu hoe
' '- are not to he call "I. or whoso
'all is positioned, to contir.u.' I.icir
normal pursuits undisturh .1 by uncir-
lainty as to their duty a i l iinaitatc.I
by noibhborlKMxl pressure or misun
derstanding. "H It starts at the besri:iiiiiu (I the
accumulation of these ne.v f.in t s. :ui.l
has none of the character of a penalty
which attaches to the drlt.t when it
is used alter voliii'toermc i:j boon
tried and failed.
Don't Repeat Mistakes!
"! have studied every repVrl I can
secure of the use of the v.il'inloer sys
tem abroad and in our own counttv.
and I believe it to he true ti.al in
every place where i! h.is boon tried,
whatever success it has h;id nas b-eii
due to a system of compulsions mure
harassing and almost as drastic as
the provisions of a law itself. !n the
countries of Europe whor" the v'd.m
tecr system has obtaine.l tho.-e respon
sible for it were excused because they
could not have foreseen .it the hei'i-
.'" results, but no i.ave the.r
experience to guide us and I believe
that those responsible 1.1 fills country
for repeating the costly errors ahich
have been made ahroail ul not !
able to make that ex plana f.m.
"With the greatest dof run o to tho
rights ami independence l judu'iH'ut
of vour committee and 'ho :iou-o. I
obliged as secretaty of war.
.... . . t, . . ,
and therefore your resn-msiMe ati
sor on this subject, to ure tho pas
sage of the bill as drawn Tins is the
greatest war in the history of tho
world. Our participation in it ti a'
yet undetermined in many ",f its mode
. anil wholly as to its duration am' ex-
tent, but we are called upon t inauc-
urate a system which, in any ecnt nr
contingency, will place our country n
9 situation where it ran contribute
th. Inin.H m An anri th TneAll.4 H fS-
' fft bijns t,)js wsr , , ,.,,.
(Continued on fane Two TWO
THE BISliEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 22, 1917.
t:
Springtime Charm in New Suits,. Coats, Dresses, Skirts, Blouses, Millinery
Garment Values No Season Has Equaled Styles and Fabrics That Are Novel Beyond Description
' V i c.'VT'V i i ' o-
0) I V
TO be charmingly, effectively and correct- f
i i i . . i ; . I
iy ciaa u is not necessary 10 pay exorbitant
prices; iio store in ine ooumwesi is snowing i
belter price-reasons tor business activity than
you will find here Monday at our Second Floor
.Women's Garment Department.
N
We have been "SPECIALISTS" in Worn
en's Garments for many years and each lea
son we try to improve our service to the publie,
our constant increasing number of patron it
evidence that our efforts have not been in vain;
which is indeed, very gratifying to us.
COME HERE FOR NO OTHER REASON, except
and summer
AND THIS LARGE AND INCREASING NUMBER OF BISBEE'S DISCRIMINATING WOMEN
that the service is better, and that they can get correct styles at moderate prices. So NEW. so DIFFERENT, are these charming spring
models that they will revivify the Fashion world. There's a dash of smartness to the SUITS. An allurement to the FROCKS that's impossible to de
scribe and not the least important of all AT PR iCES YOU CAN AFFORD TO PAY.
71
Picturesque, Quaint, Bewitching
New Silk Dresses $25
Of Taffeta, Crepe de Chine, Crepe Meteor
BEACTIFI'L STREET AM) A FT Kit NOON" Dresses of Soft Tatieta. Cre; -
de Chine. Crepe Meteor ami Georgette Crept, an- .here, ready for your choosing
Mondav at $25 A price much below their real tnie value.
THESE BEWITCHING new Presses are Spring's ravoriie- models, most (f
them in Mock hut a week, some only a few days old. Charming effects on lon j
lines, short waists, jacket effects, tunics and those that are pleated: many of thei.i
made the prettier by their Georgette Crepe slcc.es. while lUhers show novel com
binations that are equally as attractive, tiiey ate in black, while, navy and all tlu
bright new shades for summer.
Daring Novelties in Spring Suits
$29.50, $32.50, $35.00 to $50.00
A COLLECTION INTRODUCING TO Milady such exquisite fas.'iu liable styles that it niizht 1
said. "Surelv these have passed the censor strui', l,t from the heart of Paris herself "
The belted effects seem to predominate in fact, you'll haidly get through the season without n
belt of some kind. There'll be sashes, pockets and yokes, too for the day of the "NOVKLTV SlTT" in
its mat: variations is surely in ascendency Hut. no less attractive and beautiitti are t.'te new "Siv.ri
Styies" with sashes, in bright brilliant shades of the springtime; tiiose of Wool Jersey and Sili. J.-r.-w "
lead in popularity the all silk suit is much favored, as well as thosia. smart combinations of sil-t at. 1
cloth, they're all "here In a wonderful variety at $29.50 upwards to $50.
Wash Skirts
SMART, DASHING Washable Skirts
and how quickly they will go. lor they ar
the popular "Sports Styles" t.he most demand
ed of all.
MADE OF EXCELLENT quality materials
including gaberdiuc, poplin, piqiu J.cd linen
-r
in white, sports stripes and figures in bright,
vivid colors and conibinatoiis too many to
try to describe them ail you must come to
select the one you like best; Trices begin at
$3.00 and range upwards to SS.50.
Exquisite New Wash Goods
In Great Abundance at Reasonable Prices
THERE IS rXDOUJTEDLY A SHORTACE CF HigJit Class Wash Goods, but not at this store.
The dve stuff situation and labor troubles buve sent prices up and shonened the production, but we
have a'n ample supi.lv of dainty WASH FABRICS, as well as SILKS, ready for your choosing Monday.
OCR WASH GOODS were contracted for early, before the latest and biggest advance, we got a!,
we wanted, we paid much less than.tiuiwovlU'twfit riida'. consequently you make a saving on whatever
vou purchase at "The Fair." ' : '
!F YOl" CO'.LD SEE these tie- arrivals in tub goods, the texture, the designs, the colorings, you
would to some extent, appreciate Jie utter impossibility tif describing them.
SFORTS
VOILES
39c
15c
Snorts Voiles a very charm
ing new tub dress material, ground
colorings ot every nwe, spring
shade, with Sports figures, stripes
and dots in beauliiui new colors
and combinations, genuine round
thread voile, highly mercerized and
will retain its luster, nothing more
attractive for summer dresses; 4'
inches wide, per yard ".in:
CAMBRAI
RATISTE
WHAT A WONDERFUL var
iety of pretty stripes, figures ami
dots in these new Cambria Batiste,
and such a beautiful quality. to
And, its a price so many women
like to pay. it makes Summer
Frocks so inexpensive 27 inches
wide, per yard. Inc.
ORGANDY
VOILES
This is surely an ideal fabric
for dainty Summer Blouses and
Dresses we haven't yet seen the
equal oi these pretty Organdy
Voiles at the price; ground colors
in newest shades with stripes and
floral patterns in pretty combimi
tions, 2? inches wide, per yard.
20c.
Strong lg Favored Are
Sports Suitings at 50c Yd.
ANY PREDICTION that "Sport:; Suitings" will not lie the lead
ing fashion in Spring Wash Fabrics, will not be received as eman
ating frcui a very authoritative source.
THERE IS AN acknowledged scarcity of t. :ese beatuiful m-i-terials
many of the largest and best stoics tiirongliout the country,
vho were late in buying are without them, can't get them but
there's aplenty at The Fair store.
t .
And. "Fashion" T.s very positive in ner demand and will not
permit of a substitute. It is a season of "Sports Wear" and thfr
isn't anything better adapted for "Sports Togs" than these smart
suitings; :t inches wide, per yard 5i'c
Wool Jerseys $3.50 Yard
20c Bright, Daring New Colors
THE VOGl'E lor these ultra lashii liable "WOOL JERSEYS"
is a sensation. It seems as though every woman must have a Sui'.
a Dress, or a Skirt of this rich, beartil'ul tw-.v material.
AND THEN, Wool Jerseys are so scarce, too they are indeed,
verv hard to procure- But. you'll find them here in their richest
beauty, their prettiest colorings, their finest qualities. Most favored
of the new shades is Rose. Jade Green and Gold; 54 inches wide,
per yard $2 50.
t
Conqoleum Rugs
SIZE 9 x 12 FT. $11.00
IF WE COl'LD PLACE these New Con
goU'iim Rugs betore women who are collier.
pbting the purchase of new Holt ocverings
explain their points of excellence and stipe r
ortv lew women would choose any other kim'..
"THEY ARE ESPECIALLY adapted f.
use in the kitlien or dining-room and equal!.
as desirable for porch rues tliera isn't a:i
thing that will . compare with them for Ion;
or hard wear, they come in .1 wide ra;ge t"
conventional pat-rns in bright colors, si:..
II x 12 feet for fll.00.
CONGOLEUM RUGS $5.00
The basic features of -this ru-; are 11 '
sane as the one described the two preced
ing paragraphs; ' it :s waterproof, sanitar; .
easily cleaned and will, lie flat on the tloi
without nailing or glueing; pasterns and colo; -aie
bright; the kind that mse home checri'iu;
si.e fixd' feet for $5.00.
ARMSTRONG'S INLAID
LINOLEUM, $1.75 Sq. Yd.
FOR THE PORCH. Sun Parler. Conser
vatory. Kitchen, Dining Room or Bed Root
tliera isn't anything that equals Armstrong
Linoleums; not affected by the sun or rai i
if laid properly. Linoleum at $1.75 per squar
yard.
Bright colorings in a varied assortment '
patterns to match any si heme of decora' i:r- .
ji is germ-prorf, water-proof and almost wea -proof.
Nec.t tile effects, g'-ometrical desist: ;
and other pleasing patterns.
:: j si vv.i-'vs j
jh T? "-;
Lovely New Spring Parasols
-THIS ITE.M WILL Jl'ST ABOl'T P.E IN TYPE when a
reaches this department win-re they will be displays! tomorrow,
the that each will have t. hurry gel tirsf choice.
THESE PARASOLS sliow ever? iicm- kink of lashioi. - stun
ningly smart in design, material and coloring. Tin y are not
only "DIFFERENT"' trom tl.ost ot seasons past, but are t:ciil-
edlv prettier than any we have seen before
" THEY COMPRISE THE NEW JAPANESE
ami
Chinese
shapes. Millinery shapes. "The Little Corporal." Sword. Parasol:!
and Sports Parasols they are shown in all the new shades for
spring. Sporty figures and stripes, f'oral patterns ami bordered
effects Prices range from $2.00 upwards to $12. 5u.
New Veils and Veiling
-IT IS THE WEARING of really "DIFFERENT" lace veils,
distinctive styles tiiat are out of the ordinary that gies tii'
finishing touch to a woman's appearance. The touch that makes
one glance at her Hie secend tun. t, note her li iinness and hi'-.
We have just received r n'-w shipment of Van Raalte Veils and
Veiling, in all new styles, weaves and colorings, every new shade
for spring is represented. Veiling prt ed ai ".5c to $l.no a yard.
Vels at 50c to $4.00 each.
Buttons For Trimming
15c, 25c to $3.50 a Doz.
- FASHION DEMANDS ornamental Buttons for trimming
we have ass uibled a very (i.inpiele assortment im bidii.g cei;
thing that's new and fashionable. In mm li ; variety of cob I
and design that it is almost imposi-ibie i ilcsi ribc litem: there
are round, square, diamond, rectangular hl.u.rf and novelf
shapes, in gold, silver, black, white, two-color effects and I'eese
of many colors Prices range from l.tc to ." per dozen.
large new shipment f PARASOLS
And so many are the women a'vaitiug
Charming New
NECKWEAR
For Summer
Monday at $2.45
DISCONTINUED LUMBERS
33.50 TO $6.50 VALUES
CORSETS MAM'FACTURERS make mi
takes, too-every season ''they get out mode'
P'at for some reason or other don't take wit
Hie public and ot course, these numbers ar
soon discontinued by the m.ikir- and this hap
pens u be the reason of this Monday Corsi
Offer; they nr in several styles, either fron"
hire ot buck lace -of coarse, there are not a:!
sizes in each style but tliete is n complcl
range ot every si.e in the assortment from 1
to o2; values Irom $:!.; to $ii.5it for $2.45.
HAVE YOU SEEN THE NEW
"MERRY MAID'
House Dresses
35c to $3.00 At $2.50, $3, $3.50
-THERE IS extraordinary vain
newnesr ot charm and beauty in these
smart s immer Nei K Fixings at mod
erate p:nes. It seems as if styles
were never quite so pretty and dainty
in all tlcir modish c.'iuini ami loveli
ness. COLLARS, in every fashionable and
desiraM" style and shape, made of
materia'. - you have never before seen
in Nei kvvar. including Khaki Koul
Silk, Cicpe. de Chine and Georgette
Crepe in plain colors. while and
Sports hgures in liiilnant new colors
and combinations. Then there are
oihers of vt. ih's. Organdies ami Cn p
in white pretty colors. m liril t 'I or
lace trimmed. You 11 want tiiem lor
wear with Mimnier frocks; Priced at
:;."c. ",(ic iinvnnls lo
t )l course you never did. It" they h.t-.
never been shown here betore -and you won
;ind ".MERRY M.MIl" lioiise ilre.ises in an
ol.ier slort' in Bislxe. because we are the c
elusive selli'itt Hgents lor tills locality.
NO YOl- CAN'T imagine now pretty ihe
are. they are "DIFFERENT" not like an
other House Dresses you ever saw, so yo
haven t seel: anything with which you can con
pare tiiem. and liol having seen them, it :
iaipi s.-ilne lor you to imagine their preltiue: : .
They ait; smartly . designed and shown i'
many stylos, made of excellent quality madia
and percale in .-tripos, maids and checks, wit
hi'Ve sailor collar, t alis ai"l pockets t I pl.ii
colo-od chanihn.y l niatt'i; 'he pock-Is it
large .nl 1.1 Ntveral slvles. I'ellows Poikol'
loiitli pockets. Clothe -.-I'm Poc'.ets. Paloi
Pocket.- it 111 S.lildle-lklg l'ott.o. Soe tllol
InC.orlto.v.
7Tx 1
time aim novelp.es:
prices range
$i:o0
$25 SUITS
That Will Tempt All
Who See Them
IT HAS LONG BEEN OCR PRrDE. that liny vomtn
wishing to pay $25 lor a Smart Suit, could find here, at
that price, a stock more widely varied; FABRICS nwr,
STYLES more advanced. WORKMANSHIP of a higher
excellence, than she could find at that price in any other
store.
THIS SEASON we believe our supremacy baa been
more firmly established, and we ask you in justice t your
self, to see this wonderful collection of $25 SUITS before
making a selection. It includes the smartest Novelties
and Sports Styles, in the r.ewest materials and brijht.
daring colorings. 1
New Sports Coats
$8.50, $10 to $35 ,
"SPORTS COATS" that are ultra fashionably aa
well as practical AND WHEN" YOU SEE them tbey wt'J
fairly take your breath away, such daring novelty of style.
FOR ALL THE little affairs of the aprine and sum
mertime they are the very coats yon will need.' Here in
all the beautiful colors and beautiful colors does not mean
tiie "OFF" shades with which the market la flooded
there are plenty of that kind but not here. Materials it
e lude wool jersey, hruella cloth, Toirei Twills, Serge, faber
upwards to$:!5. ,
A Remarkable Millinery Bargain
Hals From Regular Stock
Re-Priced For Quick Disposal
$995
Ml YOl'R Pitl: E LIMIT IS $9.35-- i'ou'11 want the hat yon choose to be a smart as ran
iy lind it. auit.iii tuis wonderful group that we've remarked to sell at J9.93 on Mondar.
- EVEN TiiO
he And vtm'll s-i
Ala!, to e!i 1 1 on" -siil be ilillu iili. fcr there'll be man y, many hats that you'll admire
MERE YOl". WILL lind Small : I its in all colors and black.
Tailored Stylos ind Diessy .Models, styles that are suitable for
.Motoring. Traveling or Street Wear, then there are those Iart,.
hats (if Milan Straw, Li sere and Horse Hair Broad in sailor, tri
corne and ;dil-(-urv?d brims; artis ically ami becomingly trim
med, regular S!2.5' ii;.ts lor $!.!I5.
Beautifully Designed $15 Hats
Reduced to $12.50
-Dress Hits. S'reot Hats. Tai ored Styles and those large
Broad-Brimmed affairs that are sm; rtly designed and attractive
ly trimniett - and offered at a fractn n of their former price.
THE VERY HAT you'll want for mid-summer wear, for
vacation, for traveling; in fact, you can choose a .hat suitable for
almost any occasion a variety of s.yles and few duplicates.
WE ARE SATISFIED that iv: saving of the season can
compare with this one that fcatun -i the latest millinery styles
for Monday. One or two of a kind, all new. all becoming, and
remarked t'or a quick clearaway Choice for $12.30.
IP''
New Veils
""ASMION" says Veils ami it's no wonder
they have her approval for the stun i.ertime. for they
lend such a smart, chic appearaii' e to tile wearer
when draped over Sports Hats. Saii irs or the simple
models t ; ! t ar;' sii'table tor traveling. We haw
just received a new shipment in ail the new shades
for syrinx :-.utl summer. Couie at.tl see them, try
them with your hut. vou'll like the effect Priced at
75c up to $4.
Children's Hats
This is a very comprehensive selection, em
bracing all styles and qualities, from those that an
inexpensive of White Pique, beautifully embroidered
at $1.23 to the pretty Lingerie Hats that are fluffy
with lace and embroidery trimming at prices ranging
from $1.50 upwards to $6.50. Then there are those
of straw and hair braids, and combinations, daintily
trimmed at $2.30 to $5.
New Blouse Fashions for Spring
Such Exquisite Lovely Styles of
Georgette and Crepe de Chine
Bead Trimmed or Embroidered
$8.50, $10 up to $15
- IF ONLN THE writer could conjure up a way to make cold. Mack
type and white paper convey to you the beauty and charm of these new
spring and summer blouses!
IF ONLY THERE was a way that these waists themselves could b?
sent to you. so that you could see them this morning. Such really beauti
ful Blouses especially when they are in such a diversity of styles and
designs, really defy any w riter to describe them and to do them justice.
SO WE'LL NOT ATTEMIT to describe these lov;Iy Blouses, we'll
give the briefest information concerning, them and then urjo you to coma
tomorrow to see them with your own eyes. They're of Ueorgette Crepe
and Crepe de Chine in all the new and delicate y'tades of the springtime,
not a single popular color missing, some bm beautifully bead trimmed,
others finished with chenille embroidery Prices range from $S.50 up
wards to $15.00. '
Lingerie Blouses $1.49
The Prettiest Styles Imaginable
-THIS IS INDEED. A VERY O.TSCAL offer of Lingerie Blouses
at $1. lit -we believe the best value we have ever had to offer at tbe price.
We have seen Blouses not one whit smarter or better selling at $1.75.
YES and for as much as $2.00.
THEY ARE NEATLY made of Voiles. Organdy. Crepes and Fancy
Weaves in a variety of late models including Sports effects, trimmed with
lace, insertion, hemstitching, or prettily embroidered: long sleeves, new
style collars that are frilled, lace trimmed or embroidered Priced at
$!.! . Other good values at $2.50. $3.50 and $5.
Springtime, Middy Blouse Time
Many New and Smart Styles at $1.50 and $125 . ,
S;i.in -:.ino is Mid.iy Blouse 'l ime and how we tio enjoy a few hours n the outdoors and sunsh'ino with
our tea rs ta' t.-i. i. 01 golf t lu!s ami the genuine comfort of a Middy Blouse. ....
TiliiY At;1: Mi.KI. Al.l.ot white material this season, but there's a broad range of siuart ' styles and.
: mil a iliCoifioo in tin way they are trimmed. The pbiin middy style will always he a favorite "but the
u v.-tiy aiiii snot-is. a:oti is are ill C'o leatl this season, then there are coat styles, belted models 'with large
poc'iis acd ntlie:-. with i.u.g sashes the smart new pockets give them a decided chic and jaunty air Priced
at i.25 .1 nil ;.it . . THE BISIiEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 22, 1917.
THREE
; j
i i .
1 : .. i
THOUSAND DISTRICT
CHPAIGN FOR
Hi 10
BETTER FOOD
Better Milk and More Wholesome and Economical Foods Wi!I
Be Slogan of Gigantic Civics League In Which All Wom
en In District Are Expected To Join And Boost For Bet
ter Health.
Say, thai Snakes us think,
riht off the bat that it's
time to get busy on our
Spring clothes.
i ...
Thirst ihing you know all
your friends will be blos
soming out in new clothes.
Now don't let them put any
thing over on you just go
them one better set in on
?
the ground floor come in
and we'll settle the Spring
clothes question for you
right now.
If y&fiie undecided as to
juirt what y'ou want--thai'p
wnere we come in we re
great little helpers in mak
ing decisions.
I
I
t
M
en's
Oxfords
The New Spring Styles.
Tan with white Ivory sole.
Tan Yici.
Black Vici.
Gun MetaL
The Latest Thing in Leather
Tony Red.
A thousand Warn n District women, .Tuesday afternoon at 2 o'clock to
and all enlisted .tpon a mis; ion of; which all women in the district are
good purer milk, better food, and a urged to attend, to hear Pr. R. B. Hurt-leaner
city. fee. city bacteriologist lecture upon
Already over three hundred r pre-! milk,
sentative Women of ih. district l;a e i Alter the lecture a discussion' writ
joined themselves into wha: i; kn.-evn ' follow when questions relative fj the
as the Warren I'Utik-t Civics I.ai-ue subject will be answered by Hr. Dur
and are seeking io triple their nur- fee.
ber just a biii working committee of' Better Households, Aim
, citizens to aid the uentih anthorilies This meeting w ill be the openins
of the city and co i iry in inaki:i;r I of a series of peppery meetings by the
things more he.sltul.il r.v ad in the Warren District Civics League iu Ihe
diKtri..t near future, when "pi vpa redness
Great Force For (.00: i plans" will be studied. Th p!ans will
It will be a mighty powe.- when it! lake up the domestic side of propared
sets going, and all women in tat- dis- ness.
trict are urged t join imined'ateiy. j Women's Pirt In War
Any one of the membership oo.iimit-1 The government has sai l the wom
tee whose names foil l. v. will ;!adiy en will contribute fully fifty per cent
record new members. U inip ises no i towards victory In tne war uy Con
obligations on anv jne. The one i tea servation of fo'od stuffs. Thi will be
being to help the nathoniie j in any a grand opportunity for th? local woni
way possible, in snowing some of the 'n. and one based on sound patriotic
dairies the need 'of !ett r milk, and principles.
other institutions '.h bench: of wh::le- Questions to be tackled by the
some eats. j League, include those on how to have
Champions of tii- Baby economical and balanced meals, how
I has nothing to do wit:i the army, i to buy economically in the truest
nor the like. It aims tirst to in 10 : sense, how to meet the amusements'
the babies. There is an element of j call for nickels, how to solve the
preparedness in thu. the kind of pre- 'clothing question locally, during th,
paredness everyone believes m. For w-ar.
in order to have best preparedness, j Officers of League
there must be the men. In order to j Here are t.h oflicers of the League,
have capable men, there must bo and three hundred members: Mrs.
healthy toys, and healthy hoys niusv ! Arthur Xotman. president: Mrs. J. F.
first have been he?lthy babies jSwAan, first-vice-president; Mrs. Oer
Firrt Meetinj Tuesday all Sherman, second vice president:
Furtnering- this id?a. the Warron Mrs- Cleon T. Knapp, third vire-pres-District
Civics League and the ci is ; lt?nt; Mrs. John Matron Ross, fourth
department of the Twentieth Centuty! vice-president: Mrs. Frances Cum-!
club hold a joint meeting at the lat-imings. fifth vice-president; Mrs. E. A.
tors' club rooms in the Y. M. C. A. j Crocker, secretary and treasurer.
; i Membership committee: Mesdames
C. F. Thilbrook, W. P. Sims, Finity.
-V. C. Bledsoe, W H. Bryphy, Coles,
Berham. Smith, .George Perry. Arthur
Iloule, Williamson, John Jeffrey, J. J.
Jones, C. H. Hunt, O. N. Alvin, John
Kinsella, P. M. Buckwalter, William
Gorhing, C. M. Gibson, L. L. Gilman,
Burgess, Gollwitzer, J. F. Teufert, C.
F. Hawley, J. R. Andeson, M. C. Higi:,
j Henry Holcomb, T. G. .TocksOn, Fred
I .luliff, Morgan Kyle, D. H. Landis,
j Lymn. John McGregor, Robert McCart
'ney. McKean. Ross Moon, Fred SutK r,
Alexander Murrey, Olsen, Parrish, Pet
I ty. Wilson. G. Omar Rhodes, Rider,
j William Fabin, 11. Seeley. Sheetz. Shel
jly, F. K. Shine, Sterling, Treu, Triseh
! :.a. 1. W. Wallace, Bryant, Frank Ju
lia. Coover. Vance J'jhnson, J. Han
in. J. E Flanigan, Duvall, La Mar, En
lielder, Foster. B. Frankenburg, F.
i- iunl:entirg, James Gannon, B. T.
. Ca:k:ns, F. L. Williams and Mrs.
Mayr's Wonderful Remedy Is unlike witty,
any other. It sweeps the Bile end ' Here Are Members
Poisor.Mus Catarrahl Accretions fr r.: Members Mesdames Anna Duggan,
the System. Soothes and allay:; in- McHenry Mosier. Walter OMailey. I.
(lamination in the Intestinal Tt:.' . Ho ok. C. F. Gollwitzer. Opie Bur-
the cause of serious and ratal ail- -, w. VV. Watkins, P. A. Cressey, i
ments, su ti as i.ail Mones. Appendi-, a. W. Hudson, Ella Dupen. F. C. Hurst,
ciis, Acute Indigestion, Cancer andjR. r Warner. Sam Frankenburg. w!
l lcc-rs of the Stomac h and intestines, K Connolly. R. B. Hoover. E. G. Ruff
Yellow Jaundice, Constipation. Gas-jner, A. Lillian Regan, Hattie New
tritis. Auto. Intoxication, etc. In every man, F. G. Beckner. N." C. Bledsoe. S.
Enochs. W. D. Carl Keller. .lured D.
Taylor, F. E. Shine. Miss Carlotta
Moyer. John E. Fry. E. M. Dunli y. W.
II. Bryphy. Winnie llogan. A. Uali. r
son, W. G. Bryan, F. 1' Williams. II.
Akard. Opie Burgess. Ethelrod Thomp
son. Fred Sutter. 11. S. ll-jllis. T. A.
Hughes, C. O. Wolf. Bessie T. Bank
erd. Margaret "S.' Evans. W. Schwartz.
Theresa Goodbody, Bess M. Irving,
Olaf Olso;! Thos. O. McGrath. J. M .
McGregor. H. Newell. D. M. McAllis
ter, Harriet B. Billingsloy, Florence
Whitwell. R. E. Salholm, Maiy Mit
chell, W. B. LivinRstoiiy II. J. WilJon.
B. L. Davey. W. J. Leverett, Emma Sal
holm. Vance Johnson. Konrad Sthiuid,
E. E. Neyland. Saraii Hall. C. 11. Hunt.
J. Butler. Emclie J. Yoakum. W. 11.
Hughes. N. A. Rhodes. Kate S. Hughes.
Philip Wilson. James Baker. V. S.
Heislar. C. L. Riley. W. Richards. John
B. Rawlings. J. RJal, Cathrina Mun
son. Myrtle C. Hopkins. A. A. Hop
kins. D. A. Griffin. W. C. Andrews, Joe
Rumney. Harry Wren, E. E.-'Thomas.
Will Jogre, E. A. Stogdill. H. A. Hili
man. John Kinsella. C. F. Butler. J.
' E. Fraser. A. S. Sinclair. William
U'rewes. Millicent Ahern. O. N. Alvift.
J. F. Sinclair. Joe King. H. F. Beauh.
j. R. Cornet. Robert M. Fox. Marv D.
Rust. Elizabeth E. Abrams. W. E. Holt.
A. E. Cotte3. Edith C. Byrne, C. M.
Lynn. Y. S. Bonillas. W. V. Shelby,
C. W. Cromwell. Walter H. GrfVe. M.
D. Van Huleu, Clifton Mathews. M. J.
Cosgrove. George Jay. J. Rhys Evans,
J. H. Wickware. W. W. Bi'jstrom. C.
I'. Knapp, Marie von Schrenk, Mar
garet Cable Brewster,' Wm. Bnckett,
STOMACH AGONIES
DUE TO POISON
One Dose of Remedy Sweeps Pain
Away Hundreds of Thousands
Restored
V C . -s I
All styles, . thapes and
prices.- For good shoes look
at ours first.
Our ''Make-Good" Poli
cy Insures Satisfaction.
LOWELL
locality there are grateful people who
owe their complete recovery to Mayr's
Wonderful Remedy. Thousands say
it has saved them from the knife. The
most thorough system-cleanser known.
Contains no alcohol or habit-forming
drugs. FREE ttioklet on Stomach Ail
ments. Address Geo. H. Mayr, Mfg.
II. Kyle, J. P. Hodgson. Emma Wat
son, T. X. Jewell, C. F. Doerscher. C.
Marshall. James Kelly, John Bevan,
E. E. Drury. Isabel Steven, A. M. Col
well. A. E. Robertson. H. I. Thomas,
H. C. Beauchamp. C. F. Hawley, Harri
son, Geo. M. Buckley, Cecelia Shuek-
ler. Lorena M. Stapp, Emma L. Stew-
Chemist, Chicago. Better yet. obtain ! art. Doris O'Neal. Violet Van Horn
a bottle of Mayr's Wonderful Remedy
from Bisbee Drug. Co., Lowell Drug
Co., in Lowell, or any reliable drug
gist, who will refund your money if
it fails.
AUTOMOBILES
I represent an Eastern Factory
who are looking to get a party to
handle their Automobile accessory
used by automohilists all over the
world. This is not a new article,
hut has a big reputation in ths
Auto world. Samples can be car
ried in small hand bag. I want a
representative in every county n
Southern California and Arizona.
Requires no automobile salesman
experience, as it is already well
known. iKin't wait but write and
get busy at once if you want the
biggest money maker in the world.
HARRY LICHTENSTEIIM
Division Manager.
1043 W. 16th St. Los Angeles. Cal.
Broadway 7825 Home10825
Haberdashery
Main Street, Lowell.
Copper
Minei
Wanted
Want to buy a good cop
per prospect; must be in the
United States and have
some development work
showing good ore. Address
C. F.. Kroh, 1 026 Scarritt
Bldg.
KANSAS CITY, MO.
Bert Collier. J. L. Hilton. J. Tamy. C.
A. McDonald, L. J. Porter. G. II. Fitz
gerald, W. E. Hankin, Delia Fletcher.
A. Houle, F. E. Bennett, Martha S.
Bennett. Frances E. Cummings. W. II.
Stratton, Emma E. Muir, W. L. Tovote.
Sallie J. McCall, E. J. Flanigan. Han
nah Xelson. Lucile X. McGregor. E.
A. Folsom, J. E. Curry, J. W. Scott,
M. F. Ryan, J. C. Ryan. 11. Munch.
Ed King, Sullivan, G. J. Williams, W.
M. Saben, F. Duval, K. C. Phillips, J.
Ferrell, X. E. CoVper. R. A. Pnillips,
R. L. Cadwell. E. A. Tovrea, C. L.
Chapman, Jessie May Toland, Gerald
Sherman, R. H. Cunningham. D. M.
Rait, Eugene E. Whiteley, Ethel M.
Compton. D. A. Kehoe. W. II. Hol
combe, E. W. Wallace, E. C. Camp
bell. J. S. Dymock, H. M. Gallagher,
E. H. Broughton, Ella Trenham, John
O. Wilson. J. Irving. Miss Irving. C.
H. Bowker. J. B. Tenney, V. C. John
ison. O. D. Walker. Alma Peterson, A.
jW. Engelder. E. B. Machems. O. P.
Engelder. Oscar M. Saclid. L. E. Mont
gomery. Ross F. M-jon, Arthur Xot
man. W. Scharnitzky, P. M. Buckwal
ter. G. O. Rhodes, Jenness McDonald,
T. .L Houston, D. II. Landis, Richard
Thomas, C. C. Mitchell. Laura J. G.
Hoyd, Ethel M. Kendall, Mattie V.
Richardson, Albert Sheetz. H. S. Stud
ley, Ray Holcombe. J. R. Henderson,
Joe Mitchell. A. D. Brown. Robert Fer
gus. J. S. Stewart, Ed Wilson. S. A.
Butler, Fox. Chase. Deborah, Ida Glaze,
II. H. Stevenson. George E. Perry, L.
B. Livingston. E. L. Albright. W. M.
Burl. J. H. Mulcahy. O. A. KiAiads, J.
R. Enyart. C. T. Cobbe. L. E. Hawes.
Nellie Hanscom. J. F. Teufert. B. Tus
tin. C. E. Hicks, J. E. Clark. C. W.
Allen. Mag-nus Mainland. C. A. Moyer,
Edith B. Anderson. L. H. Stranahan,
Maud Cobb. Mcrcie P. Adams. C. S.
Wilson. I). X. Angius, John Foster, D.
A. Parish, R. W. Kerns, Henry Pop-
pen. J. L. Merrick, A. J. Balmforth
Ernest Crocker, C. A. Bailey, Alf Kel
ly, L. Boecher, L. M. Oliver, T. M
GREAT FEATURE IS
LATEST PICTURE OF
CLARA K. YOUNG
i
"The Foolish Virgin" Latest1
and Best of Famous Act
ress Efforts Will Show
Three Days At The Or
pheum Theatre.
The disillusionment of a romantic
girl whe comes lace to face with the
realities of an unromantic world is
the basis of the story ot "The Foolish ,
Virgin." the Thomas Dixon novel that ;
has been serened for Miss Clara Kim
ball Young's second Seiznh k-I'icture
and which will be the attraction at
the Orpheum theatre Monday. Tues
nav and Wednesdav.
Mr. Dixon has international repute I
as the author of wimo tf the most stir
ring noels in modern literature and I
is particularly will known to motion :
picture patrons as the author of "The J
R. E. Herendeen. M. H. Sterling. M. J. :
Brophy, John X. O.-ler, C. TrisehUa. C. i
H. Vail, Clara A. Finney. F. E. Coles.
W. B. Gohring. J. S. Williams, Ralph ,
Motz. Edward A. Growey, Roter. T.
I'elton, S. Feuchere, J. G. Sutherland, i
E. J. Gannon. Mary A. Darison, M. j
Wennen. J. X. Cain. M. W. Ellinwood. ;
Clansman." from which "The Birth of
a X:it:on" was made.
The -iiory. "The Fnoli-'h Virgin."
b a m" -f-':i?- ns one of 1,!:. tiesl
and is )i.n I ii ,i!ai ly w-l! al;iil d to
Miss Young's rei'i:rrni-nis. The cen
tral role is an xtreinely sympathetic
one and the siTu i'ions as they devel
on in the narrative, are full of action
and dran.niic in the extreme.
"The Fooii h Virfin" wa dnet 1
I j Albert I 'ji f" linn', tin fainiiu.s pn
ihi' iT wl.'t M-n t-iifd Miss Yi.uiis's
first immen-f ly ui-cessful production
as a Selnick Picture star. "The Com
mon Law." Conway Tearle and Paul
Capcllnni. who played the most im
pcrtant male roles in "The Common
Law." also head the cast of the new
production, ami among other wvll
known playeis who figure prominent
ly m the photodrania are-Catherine
f'nxtor. Sheri-.lan Tansey. the remark
ably aH" boy actor. William Welsh.
Marie Lines. Anes Mapcs. Edward
Elkas and little Jacipieiine Morhange.
CHARGE DISMISSED.
The charge ot vagrancy filed against
Nit k Plosi several days ago. was dis
missed yesterday in city ctiiirt by
Judge M. c. Hi';h. Tracy Chino, a
colored woman, was fined 1 10 for using
obscene language. C. A. Tracy paid
$T for driving on the left side of the
traffic post in the plaza. "Tom Cole
man." arrested Friday night by Offi
cer Bob Siiflton on a charge of con
ducting a gambling game in the Moose
hotel failed t'j appear and forfeited
VW bond.
PIANOS AT
FACTORY PRICES
! One of the Largest Piano Fac
i tories In The United States
Offering Pianos From Fac
tory To Home.
I There never has been a better op
poituiiity to purchase a high prade
standard Piano or Player Piaivj than
'at the Special Factory Sale of Story
; Clark Pianos, now held by The Zell
ner Piano Co., temporary salesrooms
in th ! Haehes Bldg.. opposite Y
. M. '. A. Prices reduced on regular
Pianos from :12" to iuoo. and terms
as low as $ per month. Why rent a
Piano if you can purchase one at such
: low terms and at wholesale prices.
: Among the carload of Pianos on exhi
bition are about ten Player Pianos
j of the latest models and styles, price
I reduced from $.0 to 1200 a beautiiul
j bench and 12 rolls of music free. iV
' sides the large shipment of Story i
' Clark Pianos The Zellner Pi-in. Co.
'are offering some slightly used Pianc
of their own make at prices ranging
; from $175 and up also an Emeron
, Piano for $1?5 oa easy terms. Any
lone considering the' purchase of a
Piano should not lose this opportunity
t and should rail at once and inspect
.this stock of magnificent instruments
and get prices and terms. Salesroom -.
in upper store of Hughes Bid?., oppo-
site Y. M. C. A. Adv.
Hit te5fO-'
The
Some Points of Studebaker Value
11 ,7
GOXFIDENCE in Studebaker and
Quality that lived up to Reputation
month after month, year after year have
made Studebakers the most popular,
largest selling: fine cars in the western
motoring Held. , .
Many Studebakers have given 100,000
miles of service on stage routes, and
these are cars of the 10 and 17 series.
The Series 1 8 Studebakers are even better.
They embody ninety distinct improve
ments in mechanical construction, con
venience and comfort.
The Chrome-Nickel, Vanadium and high
grade special analysis steels used in
Studebakers are equal to those used in
cars costing from $2,000 up. There are
no better steels made.
Studebaker uses thirteen sets of Timkcn
bearings.
In the connecting rods, in order to gain
extra factors of safety and wear. Stude
baker uses four bolts instead of two.
The Studebaker - Wagner electric system
is simple, reliable, never failing.
In ratio to weight the Studebaker i; the
most powerful car on the market.
In ratio to power it is the most econom
ical in its consumption of gasoline.
Studebaker owners frequently get from
8,000 to 10.000 miles per sec of tires.
The Studebaker holly is har.d finished.
Nothing could be clone io give it a liner,
more lasting or lustrous ritiini..
Studebaker uses gv-nuino hither ' its
u i h o : si e r y leat i or n t ort I y go iu: inl u I
high grade.
In the cushions Studebaker uses genuine
long curled' hair, exactly the same as
that used in cars costing hundrtls t:f
dollars more.
Repair parts are always obtainable at
convenient western branches at prizes
much lower than those of other ears of
the same quality and value.
These are some of the points cf Studc
baker value that make Studek-kcrs the
most pope);"- J'ne cars in the entire west
ern tv.v !; '". A:L
Four-Cylinder Mottlx
FOUR Roadster ....
FOUR TouririK Car . .
TOUR Lanuau Ro.id.tcr
FOUR Every-Weather CV
All fr,.:l f. c. . ).,.
BISBEE AUTO
(The Pioneer
Main Street.
COMPANY
Garage)
Phone 5
5r-tlr': ler Models
StY Roadster ....
M Tonrinir Car
MXLinilau R(!;v''!i- .
M l ouring ;v.I
. ' ' ''tii'-
SI 251 FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 22, 1917.
Publlmed Every Day Excep' Monday by th
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second Claea Mall Matter at Bisbee no
Under Act of March 3. 1879
Subscription Rates. Payable in Advance.
PER MONTH "
THREE MONTHS J.2S
SIX MONTHS tOO
TWELVE MONTHS 7 6"
SUNDAV (Our Weekly) per year 8.60
SHNDAY tOur Weekly per .iiianc r
dubscriptior """aken For Leu Tha Ti Cent
PHONE NO. 39
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Oally rteview before 8am win get on promptly
apeclal Western Union Meugr' by - telephonic -Circulation
Department. No J r Review
alder It a favor If any irregularity of delivery is repor.
to the Circulation Department The Messenger servicr
applies to Bisbee only
Sunday Morning, April 22, 1917.
THE BISBEE CHAUTAUQUA.
The Chautauqua season is drawing near for this Dis
trict. It will begin on Sunday, April 29. and continue
for one week. The Warren District Chautauqua1 associa
tion has arranged with the Ellison-White Chautauqua
company for an unusually high class program for Bisbec
this year. Some of the very best chautauqua attractions
hare been included. Among them are the Boston Light
Opera company, with a big cast in "The Chimes of Nor
mandy;" James Goddard, prominent among the Inter
national celebrities on the concert and operatic stage,
and Chauncey Hawkins with his popular and great illus
trated nature lecture. Other attractions that will ap
pear in the Arthur Walwyn Evans, the Welsh orator.
Evans lias lived in six countries; he is a nephew of David
Lloyd-George, t'ie English statesman. The subject of this
lecture is "What America Means to Me;" which should
be especially interesting at this time. Dr. Frank Bohn.
European correspondent of the New York Times, has re
turned from his newspaper work to make a lecture tour
of this country and will be in Bisbae. "Guarding the
Golden Gate" is a lecture by Montaville Flowers, one o!
the ablest lectures on the American platform today. An
Another lecture will le by Dr. Henry Smith Williams,
scientist. Besides, there are many other interesting nt
tractions on the platform.
The chautauqua will not only he entertaining to the
staid citizen and beneficial to him by attracting his mind
to new lines cf thought, but it will be interesting also to
those who enjoy music and operatic sineine Th uro
gram will be worth much to the student, whether-young
or old. It is a most worthy entertainment
DRAFTING FOUR ARMIES.
The principle of "selective draft," proposed by the.
army board and endorsed by the administration, is meet
ing with considerable opposition, in congress and through
out the country. It is regarded as almost certain, how
ever, that it will be accepted.
There are two incontrovertible arguments in its favor,
as against the volunteer principle.
It is the only democratic method of raising an army
the only method that puts all citizens on the same equal
basis regardless of social status, and therefore the only
method fit for a free people.
It is the only efficient method. On this point the ex
perience of Great Britain during the present war is con
vincing. Britain, traditionally opposed as it was to mili
tary conscription, started with a volunteer system ar.a
nearly ended in disaster. It wasn't that men wouldn't
volunteer. They volunteered only too readily as they
would do in this country and too unwisely. Men were
allowed to go to the front w.'io were needed at home. The
nation's war activity was turned to chaos, from which it
took more than a year of hard work to bring order.
Trainde artisans, farmers, etc., had to be brought back
from the front.
As the New York World explains, "This is a war in
w.hich the army itself is only one of the units. Agri
culture must be carried on without interference. The
essential industries must be safeguarded in their man
power. Transportation must not be interfered with."
The selective draft enables the government to use its re
cruits intelligently, distributing its man power according
to those several needs and making the whole nation an
effective organism for waging war.
All eligible men will be registered. The government
can then assign skilled farmers to the army of agricul
ture, skilled mechanics to the army of industry, skilled
transportation men to the army required to move com
modities and troops, and such men to the military army
as are fitted for fighting and are not needed in any of the
other three divisions.
This argument tor organized ellieiency lias received too
little attention. Its common sense is self-evident. Wo
must not let men volunteer as they choose. We must
pick and place the nation's available manhood according
to a rational system. There is no other way to fight a
modern war. And viewed in this light, the term "con
MTiption"; loses nearly all of its objectionable quality.
Mexican i ilizalion is advancing, slier ai II. They had
an NUlninobili! race in Mexico Ok en : Sunday lately,
which came up to the best Yankee pr;; edeut. Nii.v well
er killed. The eld hull light'., you kmiw, wire so
barbijrim.-!
WHAT GERMAN-AMERICANS CAN DO.
Since war became inevitable, German-Americans have
been almost unanimous in assurances of loyalty to their j
adopted country. It is reognized by the nation that tbey
will play their part as good citizens, upholding the gov
ernment and shedding their blood, if need be, to safeguard
America life and honor.
It will be a bitter thing, however, for our citizens of
German origin to bear arms against their own race and
their own kin. Few Americans will expect them to do
so, unless the need become great. There are enoueh
' m ricar.s of ether ancestry to answer the first call, at
any rate. It would be unjust to insist that German
Americans rush to join the colors in the same proportion
aa other citizens. Many of them will do so, but those who
hesitate must not be branded with disloyalty.
a natural hesitation.
IHDUSTRIES OF AMZMU
Will Tffijp PART
(Continued From Page 1. Mining Sec.)
James Goddard
r
hautauqua
total Arizona tonnage. Manganese, of
which there is mucu in the Warren
District of high grade, will also get
more attention. A manganese stack,
and also a lead s ack at the Douglas
smellers are more likely of early real
ization at this time than ever before
in the years of consideiation they have
uad as possibilities
Molybdenum Deposits Are Worked
By way of doing some very import
ant pioneering and possibly of build-
It will bejing up an extensive concern, is a-Cjiii-
It will be encugh, for the present paratively small reduction plr.i't a,.
., . ... .. . - . , lucson- wnicii is doing a very sue-
rf they acqmesce in the verdict of the nation and mani-cessfu, worfc jn the recovery of mo.y
fest their Americanism in other ways. J bdenum from ores which are beinm ex-
There are plenty of things to be done . And one ser-j traded from the old Mammoth mine,
, , . . . . , . . . . . now in the hands of the Col I-.pes
vice in particular might be rendered by Americans of jRamlolph interest3 Thl. Mammoth
German origin, more valuable perhaps than any service -jres run to lead, with molybdenum
they might renrer bearing arms.
natural function hitherto much neglected of interpret
ers between America and Germany.
Our Teutonic citizens have labored much in the last
three years to explain Germany to the United States. It.
They might assume content The Randolph process ot suc
cessful extraction at I ucson Is some
thing new. First the ores ar-j smelt
ed, and the lead content removed. Tne
remaining slag is retreated and finally
leaching, by which means the molybde-
Inum content is wholly recovered. Tail-
is time now to explain the United States to Germany, j inss 0f the ld Mammoth, acquired by
the Hereford interests of Tucson, are
being successfully treated l'Jr the re
covery of molybdenum values under
the same process. Tne consequences
of the Mammoth's development of
values' in this very much desired me
tal may be far reaching in opening up
other apparently pre-dominant values,
or considered of no value because of
difficulties attending recovery.
Chino Valley Oil Field Developing
The metal districts proper may not
And who can do that so well as men who know and love
both countries, if they once realize their opportunity?
The Germans at home do not understand American
democracy. They do not "get" us. They do not know
the spirit of freedom, of tolerane, of humanity, of en
thusiasm for human rights, of hatred of autocratic author
ity, that is the political soul of the American people.
They do not know that our quarrel is with the German
government rather than the German nation. They have
not been Dermitted to learn the truth. Even Pre3ident ! be alone in adding greatly to th min
, . ... ,. , . leral resources of Arizona at early
vwison s war message to congress, wim lis appeal iu
what we regard as the true German spirit, and its honest
expressions of friendship for the German people, has not
reached them except in a form clipped, garbled and per
verted to suit the purposes of the military autocracy that
governs them.
Our German citizens have better means of getting the
- ?w
11.' . . :V .
: . '....;'':. :.!. . i" , ' ' t :. ' ' .' ' 1i
lv - ' 'vn ? I li
Kr I . vw Ds
Iff I.' ' . ' V" -
I v . V j!
V i ' , v - - .1 . !
ML h': :'---' r " :Mf l '-::-?' iWk
m
Iu James Godilard, bass-baritone of the Chicago Grand 0xra Company, formerly of the Royal Grand Op
era, London, and the linix'i inl i .ruinl Opera. Vienna, makes his premier Chsiitnuqila appearance under the
exclusive m:n:ieiiieiit of the Ellismi-White System for the season of 1!M7. '
In tho whole history f the Cliantauima moveiiifiit 110 single eveut has aroused such enthusiasm in
Chniuaiiqiia musical circ les as this aiiiomi''t';e;it. Tliisis not s'irrisii! when every one's ears are still rinciue
w ith the news of Cmlilai'd's ti iuinplis w ill. .up l'hi":v-o" JmihI Opera season 11lt-i7 just closed, which witnessed
the gieai singer's join appearances with Cenijline Farrar. Oiive Kremstad. Julia Claimsen aud Mary Gardeu.
date. In the Chino Valley, ten miles
north of Jerome Junction, there is at
tendance of constantly more encouras
ing conditions in connection w?;h de
velopment having the opening of a
commercial oil field as its object.
Cleaning out or the Meslet well, whit 11
is down 1980 feet, is resuU.inr' In
The Churches
more and more confidence on the part
truth into the Fatherland than has the president of thej0f those interested. Last week t:i"ie
United States. Let them act as missionaries, spreading 1 was undoubted oil and pas bi'jught
.... ..r ,t... I....T,.
throughout Germany the propaganda of Americanism.
! up from near the bottom of Jhe hole,
and as thev lower the gas brought evl-
Let them persuade the Germans at home that we seek fences grow steadily stronger that tne
peace with them. Let them open German eyes to the' more than 100 feet of, oil sand cm just
before tne nrescnt bottom of !lf well
Spanish Services i
Sunday school 9::.0 a. m. at Collin-:
; leers of America hall. O K St. Preach-
ling Sunday 4:(n p. 111. Prayer ser ice
' Vediiesday 7:30 p. m. Christian En-:
.leavor 7:30 p. in., topic. "Lying l'n
derniines Character. Lev. 19: 11-12. ,
cordial welcome to all. K. Avila. j
monstrous wrongs committed against Germany by the
men who hold the reins of government. Thera wculd be
true patriotism in sun a mission.
NEARLY UNANIMOUS.
was reached is very mucn anve. mey
ill belore long have the water ce
mented off. it is hoped, at iis point ot
I entry to the well around 1 lO" feet. A
Inewtiole has been put down outside
!the old casing to enable it-acliin.; anu
! closing off tne water strata. M;!il-
v There is no reason why Americans should be chagrin-, lime there has been highly t'avorabtt
. , i report rendered on the lieid by
ned by the failurs of congress to act unanimously in re- Elnne A Kitu.ri a oXyJ tf ver,
cognition of the present state of war with Germany, high reputation in the Wyoming Colo-
Students of American history declare that congress hasjrado and Oklahoma fields.
In consequence ot nis report, iuruiei
Presbyterian Cnurcn
Union Youns Peoj le's meei ina; at
:30 p. m. at the Bjptisl church, topic'
'How Lying Undermines Character."
Lev. 19: 11-12; Proverbs 6: 1U-19.
Public Worship at a. ni.. and 7:4.",
p. 111., with seinions by the pastur.
Mid-week meeting Wednesday at 7:.';"
p. in., topic. "Tne Kehjti'jnsaip be
tween human and divine forgiveness."
Choir practice Thursday evening. J. j
E. Fry. Factor. t
WHEN YOU NEED MONEY QUICKLY
then it is very comforting to know that
j ou have funds at the bank awaiting your
call.
Now it the time to start such a fund
with us.
4 Per Cent Paid on Time Deposits.
really been more nearly unanimous in this case than it
ever was before.
There was considerable opposition to the war with
Spain. Everybody knows how tragially congress was
divided on the civil war. A powerful minority in con
gress opposed the Mexican war. The war of 1812. the
struggle "whih in its broad phases most resembles the
present war. was sanctioned by a vote of only 19 to 13
in the Senate, and 79 to 49 in the house. There was far
more division in the continental congress over the war
of independence than there is in congress today over the
war for vindication of American rights and human freo
dom against German militarism.
The same may be said of public opinion. It appears
to be the literal truth that this is the most popular war
on which the United States ever entered. Never before
was the nation so united for the accomplishment of ar.y
grat purpose. And that fact is a certain guarantee of
success.
Elihu Root before Republican Club of New York said
Monday night: "We need no coalition government to
make us loyal. Men in control of the government nc
are our President, our Congress, our executives. We
will make coalition ourselves, a coalition of all the peo
ple cf the United States to uphold the men who make u:
the government no matter from what party they came."
canital has been enlisted in thf sola
and a new rig is now Vim; brought
there by the Del Rio Oil Company,
headed by W. W. Hayi, P. L. Muilia
and several other p-omhient minim,'
and business men of the norther 1 pait
'jf the state, upon Ihe land holdings
of whom Mr. Ritter has parsed recom
mendation. In hi.s report ;ie .-iaies
that the Chino Vailvy formation ii u'n
similar to the' east, A paiatliii i base
prevails and the prjiluct oi the 'ieii'i.
if it develops commercial content ot
oil, will be of except imaiiy hih value.
Just at tnis time U .f. u.'jre rciiiz. u
than ever before ill it an Arizona o:l
Held would be a tremendous gain to
industry in the statae. Probably
twenty thousand mine and smelter em
ployes, and railroad aiid other work
ers in large number depended boiely
upon the successful conduct of the
.nines for their employment, drawing
upwards f six million dollars the
month, would be much easier in iniiul
as regards uninterrupted employment
it they were drawing the necessary
daily fuel supplies for the mines, mills
and smelters from the Arizona held
instead of being dependent upon the
fields of other states.
Silver King Is Coming Back Strong
Beside the uses of oil in Arizona
for fuel purposes, another important
requirement has cotne about in tin
last few years through its emplovment
in ore floli'tion processes. To tne
number of these now operating in the
! state there is ait'iiher just beum added
a r.O-ton plant at the old Silver Run
in the Superior district. The .Sihcr
King, incidentally, is giving excellent
promiee of coming back. It may be
that it will yet stand up alongside its
old time rival, M.ignui. i'-"" th- l.is
lory of which it is la-liuiv inier
woven. Silver Kiti.4 .mil Magim. i-aine
into silver pioductio-i 111 r.- than lotiy
years ai;o at practically the same tunc
Their rich period ran Hi-' same .Kua
ti'Jii. with development, conditions
practically identical. .Mil tiny went
into the leach ore. wit 1 copper com
ing into predoiiiina.KV. at the same
time. Ucause of the .ppcr ati.l .li-d'M-line
in silver c. intent, both p:'
erties shut down ca-:, ao. Magma's
resurrection as a opp'-r proper'.y a..d
the phencinilial t:l''u.;s wnirli it h;.s
since done. ,ire o;' (euni-:i knowledge.
Lately the Silver King lias bei.eti.it. I
Irom a reorganization. The property is
now considered to be in good bands.
Ilur trove rnment'K iiroi.i to start the war with a'l ' renrexenleil liv New York interests in
appropriation of $3.400.000,000 almost as much as the j' he main, and a campaign of develop-
I mi-tit and equipment has belli mapped
wnote cost 01 me civil wjir nnisi ne- an cye-openci in
There's no need to be alarmed by the huge sains the
government propose to appropriate for the war. Five
billion dollars is a grcd deal. It's more than the United
States 'orrowed for the whole civil war. Put billio-"
new m-.T.s :- than t.iey did then. Our national weoltn
t- 11 't-l; twenty times as groat.
Nearly all wars ncciu to start in April. Hut there's
nothing mysterious about it. That's the time of year
when winter's over, when the spring mud has dried,
when the weather In-gins to be tolerable for assembling
and maneuv ering troops.
"The Union cannot remain half slave and half free."
Abraham Lincoln.
"The world cannot remain half free and half Prussian.
Democracies cannot live alongside of autocracies."
Elihu Root.
1 The Assembly of Cod
1 There will be no service Sunday aft
ernoon on account of baptising in the
j river near Hereford. Preaching Sun
Iday at 7:30- p. 111. Tuesday bible
' study at 7:30 p. m. Friday prayer
, meecing at 7:3o p. 111. Everybody cor
iaially invited td attend these ser
1 .ices. Mission on Naco Road, '.me
I olock below depot. Joan Eiting. Pas
; tor.
1
I St. John's Episcopal Church 1
1 Sunday school 9: -15 a. 111. Morning
j oervic-e, 11 a. m. 'i liur.uay, choir prac
tice, 7:30 p. in. 11. S. l!rew.t r. Kec
; tor.
j Bisbee Suburbs
! Warren Sunuav scnool 10:00 a. m.
t'reacning. 11:00 a. in.
1 Lowell Sunday si-hAl. Id: no a. m.
1 Preaching 7::.0 p. m. Wednesday
'prayer nieetiii",, 7:".n p. m.
I South PioOi e -Sin iay school 3:00
p. :n. Preacaiug 7: I'M. p 111. Tuesday
j Prayer meeiin :, 7:':" p. 111.
j Don Luis--S iud:iy s-.-hooi. lo::''.!! a.
,in. Thursday Piryor meeting 7:"' 1.
;tn. J. Rhys Lvans, iniiiisttr.
I First Eaplist Church
1 9:4." Sunday si lu.ol. U. .'.i. lloward.
: superintendent. 11:"0 pri achit g. sub
ject, "The Two Covenants. i: 7i. .Inn
; ior and Senior P. V. P. 1'. 1 : 1.".. preac h-
ing. Subjei t. Pi i eiv uig of Plcssings.
j Wednesday evening pruvcr meet ing.
! Thursday evening, choir practice. Tin
young people ot a!! the churches wil!
held their iin.m nu i ting in the i'.ap
1 tist church Siidiiay vinii;g at ; : I r. .
; All are cordially ii.vi'ed to attend the
i various services .! tue day. li.iptisnis
at evening service. F. .M. Kitman.
I Christian Science
Cliristiau Si-iein e Society ot pid'Oe
holds serviics in Odd Fellows liail at
11:00 a. tn. The public is welcome and
'invited to attend. Subject for today
j"'Ioetlilie of Al'.'lieniellt."
mm
2&
The start and development of business
enterprise requires a banking connection
of Safety and Good Service.
A Bank that can be depended upon for
these essentials is this Bank which cordial
ly invites your business.
Bank with us.
THIRD EPISODE OF
! SERIAL TOMORROW
foreigners who thought Uncle' Saiu would never light.
They're urging the Prim e of Wales to take an Lnglish
bride. Really, it's not a bud idea to introduce a little back."
English blood into England's royal family which is al-!
'.nit which is estiinllng encourage
ment to Hie belief thai another bi-:
one will be made lor the Superi"!
dislricl-;s well is another one add
ed lo the list of the mines that "can e
I"
ire rriy
REVIEW WANT ADS
EHIMG nCCULTj
I Not since the publication of "Tin;
Murders of the Rue Morgue" has
tin-re been a series of crimes lotniing
a mvsteiv so battling as that which
: forms the central tin me of the m-w
I uiiivc-sal serial " The Vc.ice on the
Wire." Murderers, both in lai t ami
In tiction. have before new succeeded
in committing tiieir ciiims without
leaving a tiaee tor the authorities of
jiidhe to wink upon. Put ill this se
rial pl'oioplv-. l.ii h is a si ret u
ad.vplion l.v .1. litul'b Alexander, ot
le iiov e, e. J he 1 -if M jl(me by Klls
ace Hale' P:-1l : f ie 'i- li It each
' t mi I hi' a v i- '!'n is s. iil le h's donid
a triple clue, which n.-'. er wires, but
vhnh serves i n'v Mill IrMier to com
pliw.le the llllpi le tl'.lblc luvslerv sur
I . . 11 : 1 1 : h fa1' d i .n. u w ' ill:.
ffiN
With Money
That's the way wealth has been gained ever since the
wcrld started.
Eveiy dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is making money for you with the four per cent,
interest which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT
GROW!
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona.
Will E. McKe!, President C. A. McDonald, Cathie-
O. W. Wolf, Assistant Cashier.
BASEBALL
TODAY 2:30 P. M.
COPPER QUEEN vs. COLE TIGERS
Tile GAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS THE BISltEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 21. 1917.
FIVE
Copper Queen Sno wed
nnmii so
uruL
n q s
Hi l U. U l. Ml
CM
nELTER EHPLOTE FATALLY
UnderBijC.&A.Boys STJUffiED IH GUTTING AFFRAY AT DOUGLAS
LAST HI KN1FE-W1ELDER IS CAPTURED
Playing au errorless game and prov
ing that they justly claim to be the
future big leaguers of the district, the
C. & A. baseball team yesterday af
walked away from the Copper Queen
nine at Warren Park, 6 to 0. Some
thlnsappeared to be the matter with
the C, Q. boys, just what, it was im
possible to determine. The famous
big leaguTs failed to oiler anything
out of the ordinary, but each put up
a good game at that.
Jawn Gait, in the center garden for
the C. & A. .v took fourteen chances
and copped off every one with ease.
U-Boat. jt right field, also showed up
to goT advantage. Cochran, heaving
for": the 'aiumet crowd, stayed thru-oiA-jBe-ganie
and the absence of scor-inijru.V-illio-
Queen players is silent tes
timony -that Urother Cochran did his
duf'iiii'd did it we!'.. Cox was in un
usually jood form yesterday and. out
of six tilings at the plate, secured five
hits and a free walk.
Williams started heaving for the
Copper Queen but. after live innings,
was replaced by Goodwin. I!oth boys
had plenty of smoke but weie some
how unable to slip 'em over where
the C. & A. hitters couldn't find them.
Van Arsdale. left fielder for the C. Q.
team, did good work on his claim but
was unable to do much at the bat.
1 The Cole Tigers are going to try to
duplicate the performance of the C.
j & A. team this afternoon. The Tigers
i believe- they will be able to beat the
! Copper Queen aggregation by a bet
I ter margin than did the C. & A. but
I the Queen crowd last night promised
ju come back with a wallop in today's
I game. The clash w ill be called at
I Warren l'irk at 2::W o'clock this af
1 ternoon and street car service will
'. he arranged to accommodate a large
' crowd.
RAILROADS ORDERED TO
OPERATE SLEEPING CAR
- FROM ODUGLfiS-PROEl
The state corpVration commission,
in session at Phoenix Friday, issued
an 'order directing the Arizona East
ern,', El Faso & Southwestern and
Southern Pacific railroads to put into
operation a sleeping car. to be run
between Phoenix and Douglas.. The
order will become effective May 15.
Tfie opinion and order of the com
mission in the matter was of consid
erable length and covered every phase
of the case. It was written by Com
missioner Ames A. Betts, with Chair
man F. A. Jones and Commissioner
A. w'. Cole concurring. These men
believe they have built up a case
which the carriers will not be able to
successfully attack in the courts, if
such action is started.
For the last year prominent busi
ness oien of the Warren District and
Douglas have attempted to influence
Christopher Rhodes, foreman of the
revt -rberatory depart in-nt of the C. tc
A. smelter, was almost instantly kill
ed and Ado?ph Sommers. a chauffeur,
seriously wounded in a stabbing af
fray in the heart of the business dis
trict of Douglas last night. Ilalph
Kiikpatriek. an electrician at the C.
.'i A. plant on the border, is held in
the city jail at Douglas, having ad
mitted doing the cutting.
Tiie trouble started early last night
when, it is said. Sommcrs accused
Kirkpatrick of having made remarks
about Sommers' wife. The two men
were standing in front of the Douglas
Cigar stand and barber siiop, on G
avenue, between Ninth and Tenth
str els. Rhodes was just walking be
tween the two on his way into the
barber slicp when Sommers attempt
id to strike Kirkpatrick with his fist.
Rhodes is said to have attempted to
stop the light. Sommers again drew
hack his list and Kirkpatrick drew a
knife in his left hand and struck at
him accoiuing to witnesses. The blade
of the knife struck Rhodes in the
groin, and several one of the main arteries.
1 Sommers is Stabbed
I As Rhodes staggered back Kirkpat
j ric k is said to have struck three
j times more w ith the knife at Som
' mcrs. The latter ran into the middle
i of the street, with Kirkpatrick follow
ing him. Kirkpatrick stabbed Som
' nn is in the back, inflicting a deep
1 gash. Me then walked back to the
: sidewalk, informed the crowd that he
was going to give himself up. and left
. the scene w ithout being molested.
' Rhodes bled to death on the sidewalk
within ten minutes, before doctors ar
1 rived. Sommers was taken to the of
; lice of a doctor across the street from
' the cigar stand and later removed to
the Vanneman hospital. His wounds
! are serious but w ill probably not
i prove fatal according to advices from
; Dough's late last night.
. Instead of giving himself up, Kirk
patrick went to his room, near the C.
& A. smelter, where he was arrested
about an hour later. He did not deny
' that he had wielded the knife, and
took the officers to an- alley in back
of the First National bank building.
1 Tenth and G avenue, and showed
them where he had hid the knife af
ter the cutting.
Rhodes Very Popular
Rhodes had been wilh tiie C. - A.
for many years and was one of the
most popular and highly respected
smelter employes in Douglas. He was
unmarried and about 33 years of age.
Harry Clark, superintendent of the C.
A; A. smelter, was heart broken when
he arrived on the scene of the scab
bing a few minutes after it took place
and found that Rhodes, one of his
most valued employes and friends,
had died before he could be given
medical attention.
Kirkpatrick is about .",0 years of age
and also a single inau. He is being
close ly guarded at the Douglas jail to
prevent him from attempting to take
his own life in a tit of remorse. Wit
nesses of the affair stated that they
believed Kirkpatrick had not intend
ed to stab Rhodes, as the two had not
had any disagreement and as the
quarrel seemed to be entirely between
Sommers and Kirkpatrick.
The stabbing, occurring within a
few feet of the busiest corner in
Douglas, created a panic in the busi
ness district and until Kirkpatrick
was found in his room, scores of citi
zens scoured the city in search of him.
EIGHT ESCAE JAIL
COLORADO SPRINGS. April 21.
i Eight prisoners ecped from the coun
I ty jail here tonight, snorlly before S
' o'clock, and are still at large. The
delivery, acc ording to G. I. Howard.
! turnkey, was engineered by John Hunt
i w ith the assistance of two others. Ac
! cording tVi Howard's story he ui'l.w-k-;
ed the door of the bull pen in order
I to permit Hum to use the teiepuone
; Hunt and the others overpowers I In;...
j took his keys, drew a piece ot gj;
. den base around his neck and I'm a'-'I
I him in a cell. The tnree men l.tc
j ated five others on their way ihi'mgii
j the jail.
RED CROSS MEETING.
A local chapter of the Anieric-jn Red
Cross will be formed Monday nigh! at
a public meeting which will be called
to "order at cignt o'clock Mondav even
ing. The local body will be affiliated
with the national Red Cross and every
ii. an and woman in Bisbee is extended
an invitation to become a member of
th new organization.
CHARGED WITH SPEEDING.
James R. Reed v. as arrested on Na o
I Road ye.-tcrday on a c harge of r.peed-
ing. preferred by Deputy Sheriff Jack
Ryan. H deposited $10 for his appear
i ance before Judge C. High I'Jinor
! row morning.
Natjre Cures. Doctor Takes the Fee.
There is an old saying that "Nat
ure cures, the doctor takes the lee."
but as everyone knows you can help
Nature very much and thereby en
able it fo effect a cure in much less
time than is usually requireci. This is
rartirularly true of colds. Chamber
lain's Cough Remedy relieves the
lungs, liquifies the tough mucus and
aids in its expectoration, allays the
cough and aids Nature in restoring
the system to a healthy condition.
Advert isement.
i .he lailways to put cm a through sleep
r. in order that travelers from Doug
h's and Bisbee would not have to
wait until reaching Tucson to proem e
sleeping accommodations. Many Bis
tee men have made both written and
personal appeals to the commission
and word that the service had been
: oriel' d vas receive;! yesterday w ith
'much satisfaction. The sleeping car
now btciighi to Tuc son every night
from Phoenix has iccently been han
; tiled by t'ie Golden State Limited,
i When, the new order becomes effec
tive th:s sleeper will be taken on to
1 Douglas instead of being side-tracked
at Tucson.
CALLED TO SERVICE
SANTA FE. N. M.. April 21. Cox
! enior W. F. Lindsley tonight received
, insir.it lions from the war department
to cull t'ie First New 'Mexico Infantry
and Battery A of the field artillery in
to service. These organizations were
recently lietsleretl out of federal ser
vice, alter they had served nearly a
ve:'r on ti e Mexican frontier. becaus
tilt ranks had fallen below the re
i quired strength.
Chautauqua Ticket :
Selling Campaign
To Sell Tomorrow
Big Auto Parade Staged In
Bisbee and Lowell Last
Night To Advertise Coming
Week of Entertainment
Ellsworth Coo!:, of the Mo'tuiaii
States Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany, went t'j Naco yesterday in th"
interests of the company.
j AGGIES WIN IN 16 INNINGS
, GOLDEN. Colo.. April 21. The Col
orado Agricultural College defeated:
the Colorado Schcool of Mines 9 to 8
in a sixteen inning game marked by ;
a hatting splurge by both teams in trie ;
final inning.
CSCC Fair List Pr? ?s
V:
11 ... :
BLACK SAFETY TREAD TIRES
"A Tire's A Tire For Af That"
m
T 7H ATEVER the size of a
Vv Goodrich fabric tire it stands
high in the eyes of Goodrich as
iq largest tire. Goodrich knows
no caste in its tires.
Goodrich is careful that the
best standard cf material and
workmanship goes into its
small tire as it goes into the
iggest tire.
Goodrich Fair Treatment, too,
backs up the small tire and the
big tire to the same utmost
limit Buy Goodrich tires in
the size you need, confident
you are getting the best
Goodrich can give, which is
the best fabric tire made.
'SlW. f -G 5f E Till MCTI v
4
Determined to sell 700 season
tickets to the Chautauqua within
a few hours. Chairman George E.
Kellogg and members of the ticket
committee w ill start out tomorrow
morning on a campaign that will
touc h every section of tue Warren
District. The ticket sellers, ail
prominent men and women, are
confident that it will not take
long to exhaust their supply of
season tickets at fi.'ii) each. Ky
Purchasing a season ticket, one
will have the privilege of attend
ing every feature of tiie cntir-i
Chautauqua at an expense tuat
would be a mere fraction of the
cost if tickets for each program
were purchased separately.
To call the attention o: every
one to the Chautauqua, which will
start a- week from today, a big
auto parade was held last night.
With the ('. & A. and Copper
Queen bands playing lively airs,
the long line of autos wound in
and out through the streets of Bis
bee and then aViwn Naco Road
to Lowell. The showing was a
good one. and undoubtedly im
pressed many people with the be
lief that if the district was so
eager to advertise the Chautauqua
it must be worthy of support. t
the conclusion of the parade
Meade Powell, chairman of the
parade committee, stataed that he
wished i'o express his sincere
thanks to the band boys, motor
ists, fire department and citizens
who turned out so willingly an-1
made the event such a big suc
cess. Don't forget Tiie Chautauqua
starts one week from today and
you will be doing the Chautauqua
Assoc iation and yourself a grea:
favor if you get j'our season tick 't
from the first member of the
ticket committee you see tomorrow.
BOTH HOUSES TACKLE
ARMYBILL MONDAY
(Continued From Page One)
hion which will mean a vindication of
the principles upon which we emered
into it.
1 1 1 n conclusion. I beg to assure you
tuat I have no alarm on t'.ie subject
Of militarism in America. .Militarism
is a philosopiiy; it is the losignati.ni
given to a selfish or ambition political
system which uses arms as a means
of acc omplishing its objects. Tiie mob
ilization and arming of a democracy iu
defense of the principles upon which
it is founded and invasion of common
rights of luen in the world is an en
tirely dierent thing."
Minority Report Sizzles
Supplementing Secretary Raker's
letter, the minority report says the
members of the committee are laymen
and that in "this great crisis it is our
patriotic duty in this matter of in
creasing temporarily the military es
tablishment of the I'nited States to
follow the counsel of the coiimander-in-cnief
of "our army and his expert
advisors."
Of the place for volunteers in the
administration plan, the minority
says:
"Some of those who favor the vol
unteer system point with pride to the
fact that 1000 volunteers are enlisting
every day at the present time. Accord
ing to a letter from the secretary of
war to the chairman of the commit
tee, 724.71S volunteers will be required
for our regular and national guard. It
would therefore take 724 days includ
ing Sundays, or about two years, to
get the volunteer forces required for
these two branches alone of our mili
tary establishment. Does that lo'ok
-ery hopeful?"
In conclusion the report savs:
"Of the eight members of th- Mili
tary committee affairs committe"
signing tnis minority report, foi.r a
actual service in the volunteer arciy
dining the Spanish-American war and
one of these saw additional service
durin gthe Mexican border trouble.
They have knowledge at first hand of
the inefficiency 'of the volunteer s; s
tem and they all join in this loport
protesting against the evils of that
system and in favor of a systei.i has -d
on universal obligation to servi.-e."
i- I
-V'-ilw .
CJ
Ask Yom Dralcr lor Tbcra
m
V 1
The B. F. Goodrich Rubber Co.
Akron, Ohio
TF.XTAN h a fiSri soic
NOT rubber. It i vvntc-r-proof,
stub-rroof, flexible,
matches vi:r shoes p-r-fcctly
end f.rlv.csrs any
leather s'.ic you ever
wore, i-i-i you ucuitr.
Xvz
.M3iiii-ictt-rc!
The B. I7.
Good rich
Rubber Co.
Akron, Ohio
' -r?'T ITS
PHONE 5-
WE SLlL GOODRICH TH1ES
BISBEE AUTO CO.
(The Pioneer Garage)
MAIN STREET
Warren Women To
Answer In Court
To Serious Charge
Mrs. Joseph Gregan Charged
With Having Torn Down
American Flag and Ripped
It In Two; Complaint Is
sued. A complaint charging Mrs. Joseph
(Slogan, of Warren, with desecrating
the- Ametican flag, was sworn out iu
Lowell justice court yesterday after
noon by Deputy Sh'-riff A. A. Hopkins.
Mrs. Ciik:iii. it is charged, tore the
l!ag from tier home and ripped it in
two. Ilciikiiis was notified of the af
fair and investigated. Mrs. C'.rogan
is said to have told him that she tore
. ilowp the American Hag because she
had leario-d that a i'niou JJ.uk had
been torn down in this city several
(lavs ;r'o. The statutes of Arizona
pro ide a line of not less than live nor
, mole than one hundred dollars, and
Iimprisi ninciit fi r not more than six
inonihs. or both fine and imptison
m nl for any person convicted of
' show ing disrespect, to the American
Mill-. Mrs. Crogan will be tried before
.lud-'' ,1. I.. Winters tomorrow'.
The net dunce given liy the l-'lks
v ill take place at the club next Fri
'l.iy ( veiling. The affair promises to
h" an imiiMi.illv enjoyable one. Invita-
c ill -ri. iiiiw tii-'ll'j int (iM
"THE COWARDLY WAY"
AT LYRIC TOMORROW
"The Cowardly Way" with I-'loienc-e
. Kecti as the star, will be the next le
Icase on the Kquitable program at the
Lyric theatre, being scheduled for pto
, duction on Monday. This five-act pho
' toplay deals with a ciiestiou which
has vexed mankind e.er since any
1 consideration has been given to the
i problems of life and death, and com
bines the psychological imagination
i of the author. Marc Kdnioml .l'ics.
umiIi the powerful dramatic ability of
the star, in such a way that the ap
! peal to the minds ami hearts of those
'who witness its development on the
screen is irristiblo.
The newest development cf the piio
; tographic art. as applied to the film
ing of "The Cowardly Way" sets a
standard which it will be hard to
eipial if not impossible to surp;'s An
ilitirely new set of thiills will be dc-
veloped by the niairier in which the
great plav is brought to its climax,
and the spectators will have some
thing new to talk abort when I'm y
leave the theatre.
FINED FOR FIGHTING.
Mike Yiigovich was found guilty be
fore Judge J. I.. Winters vestelilav on
a c harge of lighting, lie was tilled :.'"
but the line was suspended alter he
promised to be orderly in the future.
Clarence Stetson entered a plea of not
guilty to a chaige el speeding and his
e-(ii' ' .,- Co r';'l Tnc''l ( y
sifrFS
r f
t. ' k it
WW
ml
Worth
More
W'e have a complete line of
Fine Men's Serges in many col
ors, we give you a Blue Serge for
$20. that will equal any you can
buy at any place, at $30.
We also have some Fine Grey
Serges, Brown Serges, also a
fine line of Cashmeres, in pinch
backs and other late models. If
you are thinking of buying a
suit, come in and let us show you
that we save you at least $ 1 0 or.
every suit.
Coi j-ri.-ht. i'.lt r f-hs .1 Cu.
WE ARE SOLE
AGENTS FOR JUST WRIGHT
SHOES.
-Just In a Complete Line of-
OXFORDS Black, Tan and White.
I I r I fit
M i V2ZX J-iivravr.
ONE PRICE CLOTHES
v3&m MAIN STREET, BISBEE
Kemeoi
ber
Ken L'nited 'erde Extension was sell
ing at 25c? Remember others right here you
could have bought but didn't how you wish
you had.
Don't regret not buying
V
erde bquaw
but buy as much as you can now while its 25c.
War or no war, the demand for copper will be
greater than any possible output. hy not
share in the profits?
WE HAVE THE ORE
machinery to be installed shortly and then
nothing but a freak of nature can keep us out
of high grade in a matter of weeks, not years.
I led you rather lot your money earn you 4
per cent or take better than an even chance of
making thousands of per cent? 50.000 shares
of erde Squaw stock sold in Jerome and
Camp Verde and we couldn't have done it with
promises. WE 1 1AYE THE GOODS and can
show, ORE. development, a clean state and
273 acres of highly mineralized land.
References :
Camp Verde State Bank, Camp Verde, Ariz.
B?nk of Jerome, Jerome, Ariz. t
Grt nrosnects from, or place orders through
FRED O'. GRAIN. Copper Queen Hotel. Bis
bee, Arizona, or Miul or wire orders to
Til OS. H. CRAY VERDE SQUAW
COPPER MINING CO.,
Box 6S2 Jerome, Arizona. SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 22, 1917.
p, ltm i,
Mining and Financial News
BY
"EVIEW LEASED WIRE
imniii
NEW YORK. April 21.- Heaviness ' c iiy and rural offerings of rorn for
bordering on acute weakness marked ; in to l."i days shipments were said to
the fit st lii'.lf of the da's brief ses- bo larger.
sion, witii trresrur rallies on short Oats showed relative steadiness as
uMr
r-se
rcveri:rg at the cifse. Dealings were
virtually meaninrlfrss. the turnover
amounting to baroflv 2"ii non shares.
Rails were irregular tc heavy. The
day's hnricrer of general financial de
velopments bore more on prevailing dropped off.
market uncertainties, partirularly the !
likelihood of war taxation. In mer-j (RV L. J. Overlock)
rantile tines a widening of operations rtOSTON. .April 21. The proposed
influenced by war conditions and im- . ,ax , js ti,(. controlling factor in
proved crop prospects was reported. ', n,,. market at present, I'ncertaiuty
(ivcn Cananea
GoWfield ..
'Hancock
I Indiana
Inspiration ...
Kennecott ....
Keweenaw ....
Lake
La Salle
Miami
Mohawk
Mayflower ....
Nevada
North Hut to ..
a result of the purchase of i.OOO.OOO
fcushels said to be by the British gov- i ',
einnient.
Provislnnsi weakened with corn. It
was said inn. that ciii demand had ! 'P'ss'nR
! Old nonunion . . . ,
' Osceola
j Pond Creek
I Quincy
Rnv Consolidated
40
CO
ir
-Vj
54
42Vi
2'i
11
41
S4
14
22'4
21
21
S4
29
Tiie weekly bank Mateiocnt upset ;
all calculations, tlie actu:l cash loss '
of less than ? 12.11011. (MM being far be- '
lew the expected retains Contraction
of $7,470,000 in reserves reduces the
total excess to about J121.ooo.oon. a j
loss of more than $4O.uOt,OO0 since
the early pRrt of the month
Today's nominal operations in bonds '
were of the usual irregular character i
with total sales, par value, of $1,575.- ,
Oml. Moderate increase of ac tivity in
preiails and prolonged upward swing"
seems vry unlikely. Would advise
lading prolts and lightening accounts
on all strong spots.
PA ink. wtubku & CO.
NEW YORK
Anaconda
American Can
American Car
American Smelter
American Sugar
X tnhinn
t'nited States government bonds dur- ' jlajjwjn
Iialtimore &
ing the week was almost wholly at
concessions, those issues, together
with Panamas, losing from 1 to 3l
percent on call.
METALS MARKET
XKYV YORK. April 21.-Bar silver
74 54. Copper quiet, electrolytic spot
and second quarter 29 at 31; third
quarter 25 at HO.
CHICAGO GRAINS
CHICAGO piil 21. Wheat prices
underwent !..irp setbacks today in
fluenced to ;i considerable extent by
news of serio.is disturbances in Ger
many and by unconfirmed rumors of . New York Central
revolutionary outbreaks in Hungary" j Northern Pacific
and Bulgaria. After fluctuations which 1 Pennsylvania ...
Ohio
Chesapeake & Ohio .'.
Colorado Fuel & Iron
Canadian Pacific
Central Leather
Crucible
Distillers 12'i
Krie 27 U
Goodrich 477x
General Motors 101
76
44
4'i
98 4
111
102
52
76', j
60 I
46 i
161
82
60
Shut tuck
Shannon ,
Superior Boston
St. Marys
I'tah Copper
T'tah Consolidated
Winona
CURBS
Arkansas & Arizona ..
Austin Amazon
Big Jim
Big Ledge
j Butte & London
I Crystal
7S
UOU,
15'i
Calumet & Jerome
Industrial Alcohol .
Marine
Marine Tfd
Maxwell
Mexican Petroleum
103
26
78
covered a range of 10 cents.
market closed unsettled 1 to
the i Reading
5 Republic Steel
Rubber ."
Studebaker
Steel
St. Paul 1
Southern Pacific
Union Pacific
Westinghouse
BOSTON
Adventure
Allouez 60
Alaska 7
American zinc 30
lower, with May at ti:21 and July at
196'i to 1967i. Corn lost 2'i to 3i
and oats half to l'.-i, provisions fin
ished unchanged to 7 down.
Indications of .great unrest in Ger
many gave evident emphasis to bear
ish sentiment at the outset in the
wheat trade and inclined dealers to
attach more credence than otherwise
would be the case to rumors regard
ing Hungary and Bulgaria.
Weakness was most acute in the
May delivery. Week end adjustment , Calumet & Arizona 76'4
of trades rallied the wheat market I Calumet & Hecla 5:10
somewhat at the last. ; Copper Range 60
Corn was governed chiefly by the ; Chino 53
bearish action of wheat. There were ! Kast Butte 12?
Cornelia
Denn
Dundee
Km ma
Fortuna
Federal Oil
Gadsden
Grand Island
Green Monster
Howe Sound ,
Hecla
Hull Copper
434 ' Inspiration Needles
I T.. V 1
S6 j "rlulllc 17 1 vie . . . .
94 Jerome Victor
103 1 Magma Copper
53 i Magma Chief
951 .Miami Consolidated
791 j Pittsburg Jerome ...
t;g I Ray Hercules
5,4 1 1 Santa Rita
1 1 1 '4 ' Tom Reed
Si) " ' United Kastern
94 j I'nited Western .. . .
Verde Extension
40
l'i
81
3H
25
90
ls
16
18
l'i
l'i
12
5i
I'essendeti '.
Gold Reed
Gold ClilT
Luc ky Boy 05
Merry Widow
Oatman Combination ...
Sunnyside 09
Telluride
Tom Reed 1.93
I'nited Kastern 4.60
I'nited Northern .04
I'nited Western ...... .02
Red Lion .'
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 2.00
Green Monster 1.44
Butte London 23
Dundee 1.12
Venture Hill
Pittsburg Jerome 50
Jerome Verde 2.31
Arkansas & Arizona 30
Jerome Portland
Inspiration Nedles . 19
Hull Copper ,30
Magma Chief 37
Wolverine Arizona 1.50
Miami Mother I.ode ....
Verde Combination 50
Miami Consolidated 20
Bisbee Copper
Butte Arizona
Santa Cruz Bisbee .....
Jerome Daisy
Nacozari Consolidated ..
Verde Apex
Calumet Oil
.04
.05
.15
.i't;
. .10
.06
.10
.20
1.95
4.63
.07
.04
.20
2.12
1.56
.25
1.25
.10
.62
2 37
.35
.52
.!!
.3
.50
1.62
.50
.62
25
.87
.05
. - t
.50
.42
.26
.40
v-'w. VV'W.? WV?!f WvwJf vi'.yvw vv WVf WWVVv"V
ffeW, M H?' a- 7 v .: ..' '
A?
If you could dissect a SAVAGE you'd rea'ie that "Hecp
big mileage" is built into it during every minute of its
manufacture.
Highest grade rubber end fabric, perfectly bi'ar.ced de
sign, moct cartful workmanship, fll sue.
A tough road-gripping trcd nci'.htr so Sa vy as to produce st;:T
r.v., nor 10 hj,ht at to givt ir.suf!icier.t protection to the car.i-i.
Cushion of h.fh-j.icte ie-..'.;e::t r-bber aUrbi the roi-J il :'..
Sidcwall tpeiially chaped to distribute f-exir. will no: crok.
Anu the carcass finest S;a Island cotron.long liLre.to-eh. .;
te:t..l. buih up layer by layer into the srror.;;st calces; .!.. .a.i
be made.
High m.!eae. low cost per mile. SoM from fa.-.tory to -01
tnrough our own distributors. Witch for t.ne r:d Savar .-i jn
4S'i
Verde Combination
Warren
Wolverine Arizona
By Collins & Bretberton.
OATMAN
Adams
Arizona Rex . . .
Ariz. Tom Reed
Big Jim
Boundary Cone
some signs of a lessening of the scar-.Granby 80 Carter Gold
Bid
.04
.04
.SI
.04
.02
1 7-16
6
, 7?i
30
4
2
1U
47
20
3-16
1.93
02
3GTi
'.!
39 "
1
Ask
.09
.25
. .83
NATIONALS
NEW YORK April 21. Anderson's
pitching enabled New York to defeat
Boston. Boston's players wrangled
continually with Umpire Quigley.
R. H. K.
Boston 000 000 00 00 2 0
New York 10000100 x 2 6 4
Tyler and Gowdy; Anderson and Rar
iden. ...
CARDS 3; REDS 2
ST. LOUIS. April . 21. Long's sin
gle, followed by Miller's home run in
the fifth, gave St. Louis its third
straight victory over Cincinnati.
R. H. K.
Cincinnati 110 000 00 02 5 2
St. Louis 010 0 2 0 0 0 x 3 6 0
Mitchell and Wingo; Meadows and
Snyder. ;
CUBS 2; PIRATES 1
PITTSBURG April 21. Vaughn's
effectiveness in pitching enabled Chi
cago to defeat Pittsburg. The win
ning run was scored in the sixth on
Williams' double and Reuter's single.
j " R.H.E.
I Chicago 001 001 0002 8 2
I Pittsburg 000 100 00 01 2 2
i Vaughn and Wilson; Miller and W.
t
'in W .. 1
He up big milBsgn!
THE WESTERN VULCANIZ
ING SHOP
Johnson Addition Lowell, Ariz.
1 ,
.1 v
IfA
04 1 Wagner.
GRGFINITE TUBES
The only tibes thai he frs.ph
itc vulcanized tnio ne mnicc.
Prevents deterioration, sticking
friction and heatip. j. Mikes soap-
stone unnecessary. Uength-
iit . fi lift til fuLf
-I - ' ' --
1 -vV,
1 ; A,
1:1 .
",- s ' 1
.' ' r
-.
'' V A
7 N. r VM ' 'Vt
-i ' V' , t . 1
KY'V'v-f
3,'
we
1 V
TTT-w
y-r-'U
u p
1 1 1 e 1 1 r
ti i II l I A
V fl U U R I N (
Stock is now
selling at
si. 00
NOW
is the time to
buy Oil Stocks
Present con
sumption of oil
is in excess of
the production
BUY NOW
Don't Wait Until the Price Advances
PER SHARE
On or before Wed
nesday, April 25th
the price will ad
vance to
Arizons
Okahom
a Oil and
SEE EXHIBIT AT
H0GAN & SEED
Upper Main Street
At Transfer Track
SUPERBAS 4; PHILLIES 1
PHILADELPHIA. April 21. Pfcf
fer's ability to fool batsmen with the
bases occupied and the timely hitting
of Urocklyn gave the visitors victory
over Philadelphia. PfefTer three times
disposed of Cravath with men on bas
es. Wheat got three hits, one being
a three bagger.
R. H. E.
Brooklyn 110 001 01 04 4 2
Philadelphia 0 0 0 0 0 0 10 01 10 2
Pfeffer and Meyers; Rixey, Fittery
and Killifer.
At Denver R. H. E.
Des Moines 0 02 1 24 0 0 110 14 1
Denver 0 0 u 0 0 11 it 0 0 o 6 1
Kallia and Spanr: Smitlisnn, Irion.
Andrew and Shest.-ik.
CHICAGO. April 21. Chicago made
it two straight over St. Louis today.
Chicago fielded sharply behind Faber
who kept the St. Louis hits scattered.
R. H. E.
St. Louis 000 000 00 00 6 4
Chicago 0 00 110 0 0 x 2 5 0
Faber and Schalk; Koob. Clroom. Dav
enport and Hale.
RED SOX 8: YANKEES 4
IiOSTON. April 21. Boston opened
its home season here today by defeat
ing New .York. Ruth made two dou
bles and a triple, driving in two runs
and scoring another.
R. H. E.
New York 000 002 20 04 9 1
Boston 120 0 20 O1X 8 12 0
Shawkey and Walters; Ruth and Tho
mas. TIGERS 5; NAPS 4
CLEVELAND. April 21. Detroit de
feated Cleveland as a result of Cleve
land's poor work in the field in the
first inning, when Roth turned
Veache's pop fly into a three base hit
and Bagbay's lack of effectiveness in
the seventh when, after two were out
three hits produced two runs.
R. II. E.
Detroit 300 000 200 5 9 1
Cleveland 3 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 04 6 3
Ragby. Gould, Smith and O'Neill;
Jones. Cunningham and Spencer, Stan
age.
SENATORS 11; ATHLETICS 6
WASHINGTON. April 21. Four
Philadelphia pitchers were pounded
for 15 hits. Washington winning and
breaking a losing streak that went to
five straight. Milan made five hits
in as many times at bnt.
R. H. E.
Philadelphia 100 100 03 16 9 3
Washington 612 001 01 x 11 IT. 4
Johnson Hill. Keefe. Sicbold and Hal
ey, Schang: Johnson, Craft and Aain
smith. Henry.
COAST RESULTS
At Los Angeles Vernon 2; Los An
geles 4. Fromme and Mitze; Simon.
Sullivan. Ryan and BassW.
At San Francisco Portland 7; Oak
land 4. Fincher and Fisher; Burns
and Murray.
At Salt Lake Jfi CI
At Salt Lake San Francisco 3; Salt
I Lake f. Iiaum, Oldham, E:ickson and
iMcKee; Evans. Schinkel ami Hannah.
I There was no ti:ue in which to so
' back to the studio, so a bar of soap
; was borrowed from one of the nearb
mountain cabins. In that part of Cal
ifornia they dnn't beiieve in dt!icate:
!y m iiie-l toilet articles, biit in vel-
low laundry soap the kind thai
! smarts and burns and laundry soap.
I was all the property man could get.
j The scrubbing before the camera
! duly took place, and the kiddies
I "squirmed natural" to surpass byfar
I all their former feats of acting, and
! they are all pood little actors and ac-
tresses too.
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION
At Toledo 2; Ixniisvilb 7.
At St. Paul 1; Kansas City 3.
At Columbus 0; Indianapolis 2.
SOUTHERN ASSOCIATION
At Memphis 0; Nashville 1.
At Little Rock 3: Chattanooga 2.
At New Orleans 11; Atlanta 12.
At Mobile 4: Birmingham 3.
LOSS OF SOAP STOPS
SCENE OFPHOTOFLAY
Dorothy Gish Plays "Children
of the Fued" At Central
Theatre This Evening.
When Director Henabery came to
I stage scene in the new Dorothy Gish
J play, "Children of the Feud." appear
ing at the Central theatre today, on
location back in the Santa Monica
mountains, he concluded that a joke
: had been played on the property man
That officer had forgotten to bring a
bar of soap with which Dorothy Gish
was to give tlie" Triangle Fine Arts
kiddies a scrubbing.
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
AND
Oatman
Stocks
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
THE CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY
121 So. Central Ave. Phoenix, Arizona.
We specialize in Incorporating, Organizing and
Corporate Auditing and Supervise Meetings of Stock
holders and Directors of Corporations.
Write for Booklet "System and the Corporation."
P. O. Box 277R, Phoenix, Arizona.
E.
1
WESTERN LEAGUE
At St. Joseph R. H.
Lincoln 0 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 25 4
St. Joseph 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 01 S 3
East and Rohrer; Hoxlik. Meyers and
I Fusner.
i At Sioux City R. H. E.
Sioux City 0 0 1 0 0 2 0 0 03 S 2
iJoplin- 100 31 3 04x 12 16 1
Gaspar, Keely and Crosby; Smith,
Mapel and Collins
At Wichita R. H. E.
Omaha 0 2 0 1 3 1 0 0 07 8 3
Wichita o 0 0 00 0 2 4 u- 12 1
Barsatn. Currie, C. Thompson and
Brottem. Clem; Lyons. Norman and
Tarrayan.
Correspondent E. F. Hutton S. Co., Members New Ycrk Stock Exchange
R. Allyn Lewis
Box 279 COPPER QUEEN HOTEL Tel. 135
BONDS, STOCKS, GRAIN, COTTON
PHOENIX, GLOBE, JEROME. PRESCOTT, BISBEE
Orders Executed for Cash or en Proper Margin
E. F. Hutton & Co.'s Private Leased Wire to All Exchanges THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 22, 1917.
SEVEN
i i
A
i
i
-. t
.
- -t
: " i
' i
'J
J
I
Review Want Ads
Advertisements utder thtt iead at the rat of 1 cent per word for each
an with a minimum charge of 25 cent. Adrertlsenenu mnst reach The
Eerie w office not later taan p. m. for Insertion in the next morning paper.
Wanted
WANTED Furnished roMra by gen
tleman In private family. Pleasant
location. A. T.. care Review-. SG
WANTED Young lady to work in
cafe. International Cafe. Brewery
Gulch. 28
WANTED Ranch hand, must be good
all round man. Ranch. Review. 42
WANTED Mr. Campbell call at Re
view Job Department today. dh.
WANTED Partner in restaurant,
have more than one can handle, care
of R. S, Review. 961
WANTED A dishwasher. Warner
dining room, Warner hotel. 948
WANTED Al dry goods salesman de
sires position, several years experi
ence, capable of buying. In splendid
health, married, age 30. Gilt edge
references furnished. Address F. B.
315 Normandie court, Los Angeles.
California. 929
WANTED Stenographer wants posi
tion. Address J. S.. care Review.
919
WANTED Competent stock salesmen
l'jr meritorious Arizona copper prop
osition backed by big advertising
campaign. Liberal commissions ex-
elusive territory, a rare opportunity,
for producers. Quick action neces
aary. . Write or wire P. O. box 325,
Fhoenix, Arizona. Adv. 873
WANTED Will the party who got a
bunch of keys from the Review of
fice Saturday night leave the reward
offered at this office and save em
barrassmenL 901
WANTED Young Lady pianist. F. W.
Woolwdrth Co. . 898
WANTED Best price paid for clean
cotton rags at Review office.
WANTED Wlllsgive 30 cents an hour
to woman to do washing, must come
Mondays. L. A. B.. Review. 868
WANTED Several good salesmen,
can show you where you can make
1300-a month or more. Address B.
II., care Review. - 863
WANTED Experienced, practical
nurse wants confinement cases. Mrs.
M. A. Pope, box 3231 Lowell. 862
WANTED Bell boy Copper Queen
Hotel. " 312
WANTED Chambermaid at Marx
Hotel. Lowell. 686
WANTED Dish Washer at Stag
Club. 723
WANT TO RENT 3. 4 or 5 room
house, furnished; near Lincoln or
Central school. Address S. K. Ham
mer. Review office, or call even
ings. 782
For Sale.
FOR SALE Five passenger Buick.j
$251. Inquire Slag Dump Garage.
964:
FOR SALE Four room house with
screen porch, in front of Brophy Fuel
Yard, Lowell. 967
FOR SALE 7 passenger Hudson Six J
model 51 in good condition, good
tires, cheap for cash. 187 Naco
Road, near Holbrook stop or P. O.
box 1603. 817
FOR SALE 5 passenger Cole car. In-!
quire Cochise Motor Co. 741
FURNITURE FOR SALE The John
on Addition Furniture Co. wants
to pay you the highest cash prices j
for your second hand furniture. Al
so wants to trade or exchange you
new furniture for your old. We will
ell you furniture cheaper than
anybody on easy payments. Call !
In at the big brick building at the
Johnson Addition and let us ahow
you our large and selected stock of
boase furnishings, or phone us at
our store. Phone 385, Johnson Ad'
dition
FOR RENT Furnished room for g"n-
tletnan. Mrs. Sheldon. Winwood
addition. 2?
PETEY DINK It Takes Lots
rElEf I M So
PlSCOUKAcrp
To iki The. Novif
: ' I
For Sale
FOR SALE Brand new four room
modern house. Fine location in
Warren. Owner must leave. Ciieap.
Box 1367, Bisbce. 17
'FOR SALE Why Pay Rent? Tt-ntJ
j 12x14 and 7x7 for sale, floors, o'jois.
I windows, furnished for housekecp
' ing. E care Review. li
FOR SALE Second hand piano, ma
hogany case. Call 51 J. E. T. St.,
Johnson addition. 1)
FOR SALE! One three room house
Large pantry, completely furnished.
Fruit trees, chicken yard. Tarty leav
ing Monday. Will sell for $650 cash
or $700, terms. Buy, call Sunday.
Miller Hill, back of Water Tank. 11
FOR SALE) Two hundred shares Je
rome Portland stock. Address V. M.
Review office. 983
FOR SALE Team of mules and
j horses, also Ford roadster body, mud
I guards and wind shields. See Gi'o
I son Hines Lumber Co. 35
FOR SALE Saxon-Six. 1017 m'odcl.
Run less than 2000 miles. Mechani
cally perfect. This is a real car and
a bargain. For particulars call at
Long Trail Garage. 32
FOR SALE Furniture of four iom
apartment with garage. Price $225
cash, hou.se for rent. P. O. box 419.
41
FOR SALE Indian Runner ducks,
chickens, rabbits and furniture. Ap
ply at house on top of hill to left
B. Hollingswortb.
40 ,
FOR SALE OR RENT Best ranch in
valley. 80 acres with pumping plant,
residence, barns, etc. Apply J. Pr
phy, Lowell. 45
FOR SALE Four room house fur
nished. 56 Jiggerville. 965
1 FOR SALE Manilla embroidery at
Naco. Mrs. A. L. Wilson. 969
FOR SALE Four room bouse and
furniture. Phone Black 394. 721
FOR SALE For the best bargain in
an auto, call at the Lowell garage.
- 946
FOR SALE The only Exclusive Hat
Shop in Douglas, doing good busi
ness. New block and tools, good fix
tures. Flicker, steamer, good furni
ture will be sold cheap enough to
move if y'ou wish. Address 306 J'Jth
SL. Douglas, Ariz.
928
I
FOR SALE 800 shares Santa Arizona
Bisbee. 15c. G. R., box 386, LDwell. :
Arizona. 931 j
FOR SALE Lunch wagon at Lowell.
Best maney maker in the district
cash only. 894
FOR SALE Furniture of kitchen and
bed room. Thomas Johnson, Nj. 3
Tate Hill, Johnson Addition. 893
FOR SALE Piano, quarter sawed
green oak. Price & Teeples. 91 tap
per Lowell, Mrs. Anna Rogers. 386
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
L, B. WHITNEY. Lawyer. Rooms t-6
Allen Block. Open evenings, Phone
647. (109)
CLAIRVOYANT
Mrs. Anthony, spiritual medium, now
located at RVom 3, Foster Block,
Johnson Addition. Readings daily
circle Thursday 7:30 p. m. 818
FOUND
FOUND Ladies wedding ring tn front
of ire plant. Owner can have same
by identifying initials and paying
for ad. L'jwrll Jewelry Shop. 39
FOUND A check has been four. 4
made out to Carl Anderson. W. J.
Spaulding, Lowell. 27
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Nicely furnished front
i room for gentleman. 200 Tombstone
I Canyon. Metz car stop. 34
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished
for lijirit housekeeping or batching,
No children. 28 Montana St 29
of Brains or Perseverance or
. - - - J - 'WISH
.To cet owe ricwt
' KIOTJOOV CVCH
Vuel. Molv 5n.7 . " "T -SyX-' i-:llf i I Cnii'-r i . I
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Sleeping i'joui for 2 men
Union house. 49 O K St 12
FOR RENT Two rooms for batching.
36 Bower Hill. 24
FOR RENT Furnished front room
for gentleman. Vista street. War
ren., ph'jne Red 565. 962
FOR RENT Furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. Terrace Room
ing house. 966
FOR RENT Small furnished sleeping
"pvrch bed room $8.00 per month, 117
School Hill, red cottage block north
high school. 968
FOR RENT Front room suitable for
2 men. 59 B O K St. 970
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms,
234 School Hill. 980
FOR RENT One 3-roomed. furnished
apt. No children. Hayes House.
Tombstone Canyon. 945
FOR RENT Two 2-room apartments
furnished for light housekeeping.
YoungbIoVd Hill. Apply Hogan &
Seed, phone 10. 942
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
for single men, pleasant place, 218
High Road. Anna Murphy. 907
FOR RENT Furnished housekeeping
rooms, 56 Upper Lowell. 813
MOOSE HOTEL- Furnished rooms
$2.00 per week and up. 405
Salesmen
SALESMAN Experienced any line
for unexcelled new specialty propo
sition to general trade. Splendid
commission contract for Arizona.
Vacancy May 1st. $55.00 weekly for
expenses. Continental Jewelry Co.,
716 Continental Bldg., Cleveland O.
18
Positions Wanted
WANTED Position as trained nurse
Phone Green 477. 643
Miscellaneous
COX CO. loans $5 to $50 without se
curity to men or women in perma
nent positions. M honest wape
earner refused, easiest weekly or
monthly payments, cheapest rates,
also loans on furniture, pianos, etc.
Confidential, quick service. See us
if you need money. New Lyric
Theatre Bldg., Room 2, Phone 794.
821
The Blackburn Studio of dress cut
ting, designing and making is now
located Room 4, Maze Bldg., where
. everything concerning the art of
good dressing is taught by Miss
Grant. 669
Learn actual auto repairing, book
keeping, enorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A., Los Angeles. Cat
alogs free. 935
, $50,000 to loan on improved city prop
erty or for building, on easy terms
of payment. T. A. Hughes, over
Bank of Bisbee. 697
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for all
kinds of work in our line. Pat Clea
ry, manager. Box 1495. Phone 720.
Vitolox
"I was raised in the South, subject
to malarial conditions all my life.
During my sixty odd years I have
probably taken a carrel of medicine.
Some time ago I got a dollar bottle
of Vitolox, and I must say this remedy
seems to take more poison from the
system than anything I ever took. 1
have gained several pounds and feel
like a new man."
J. G. CANNON,
McGOFFIN AVE.,
EL PASO, TEX.
6 Bottles will cure any case of mus
cular or inflammatory rheumatism.
Sold on a guarantee.
CATARRH
BLADDER
Billeted !a
24 Hours
Benin
Fat
I
I
I
I
w
OF TilE
cftxMntfrrfeil
i - A S -UM- :i
r-- 'c !.!;: T V A-
LEADING PLAYER HAS
, NUMBER PROPOSALS
Harry Hilliard, Playing With
Valeska Suratt Is Matinee
Idol of Sorts.
If Harry Hilliard who is playing
opposite Valeska Suratt in William
Fox's "The New York Peacock"
which plays again today at the Eagle
married every girl who proposes to
him by mail he would have wives
enough to make old King Solomon
look like a poor police court binaniist.
Harry spends almost two hours ev
ery night reading the day's harvest
of love notes. It takes another two
to fill the requests for photos.
A few figures will show how much
loved this Fox screen favorite is. He
keeps all these letters in a compart
ment in his dresser. The compart
ment is five feet long two feet wide
and fourteen Inches deep It is now
almost filled. Harry once tried to
USED CARS
McArthur Brothers
Dependable
Used Cars
of All Makes
And Very Reasonable
Just a Few Left
Jeffery "Six" 7 Fassenger.
Hudson "Six" 7 Passenger
Buick'"BigSix"7Pass.
Willys-Knight 5 Pass.
Case Raceabout, Very
Classy
Dodge Touring in Ferfect
Condition
Chambers "Master Six"
7 Passenger
Overland Truck, a Real
Bargain
Ford Touring
Before Buying a Used
Car See These Bargains.
Every Car Guaranteed
In Perfect Condition.
Terms To Suit
Open All Day Sunday
McArthur Brothers
Dependable
Used Cars
1320 C Avenue
Douglas, Ariz.
count these letters. Alter passing
1500 without making much of an Im
pression on the pile he quit.
Harry does not lake the expression
of love from these thoiwands of young
women frivolously. He finds them af
fecting and never shows them to
those who are apt to scon". When this
fame us actor does read a particularly
interesting letter it is with deep re
spect for the writer. He reads until
the name is reached. Then he stops
and reverently puts the letter with
the rest in the dresser and locks the
door.
WHERE LOVE IS
AT ORPHEUM TODAY
Anna Murdock Plays This'
j Evening At The Orpheurn j
I In Famous Locke Novel of
i Same Name. i
I William Z. Locke, the author of
' "Where Love Is" at the Orpheurn to- ;
night, a highly successful novel, pro
duced by the Mutual Film Corpora-
I tion in six reels, starring Ann Mur
dock is one of the be,st known of the
present day English authors. He has
to his credit many famous novels chief
amongst these are "The Morals of
Marcus Ordeyne," "The Beloved Vag
abond," which has also been pictured
ami was one of the greatest produc
tions ever screened, "Simon the Jes
ter" and "The Usurper."
"Where Love Is" is one of Mr.
Locke's most popular and at the same
time one of the most unusual writings
He has put into it many striking
characterizations.
THEDA BARA APPEARS
AT EAGLE ON MONDAY
"The Tiger Woman" Is Offer
ing Extraordinary At Main
Street House For Two
Days.
Miss Thi'di Bara. who appears in
the Super Ue Luxe William Fox pro
duction of "The Tiger Woman." at
the Eas!e il eal re .Monday and Tues
day, receives on sn average of one
hundred pounds of randy a month.
.Admirers from all parts of the United
States send to this famous William
Fox Sfre-n star by parcel pest and
by express, candies of all sorts ami
descriptions.
Accomptnyiug boxes of exquisite
design are notes and letters telling
this divine artiste that tiie candies are
sent with the senders' good wishes;
that the sweets are synouomous with
her sweet and loving nature, notwith
standing the fact that they have seen
her as a "vampire."
Of course, it is impossible for Miss
Bara to eat all the candy that is sent
to her.'so a great deal cf It finds its
way to hospitals and Orphan, Asylums
where it is distributed to the "kiddies."
You Need Hci Suffer From Catarrh
You have probably ltcen in the habit
of using- external treatments to relieve
your catarrh. You have applied sprays,
washes and lotions to the mucous sur
faces of the nose and throat, have
been temporarily relieved, and then
wondered a short time after, why you
were troubled vith another attack of
catarrh.
You should realize that catarrh If
an infection of the blood. This fact
has been agreed upon by ppecialist?
in catarrh troubles, and has been
proven in the labois.tGj.ics of the Swill
Baggage and Tracsfer
Bisbee to Douglas
I am on the road hao' ig anytMnc; there is to be hauled.
Leave Douglas, Arizona, at i o clock in the morning and leave
- Bisbee at 2 o'clock in the .'terroon. Leave orders at Victoria
Hotel, Phone 54.
NO TRIPS SUNDAY.
..ho eg e
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
- C BLEDSOE W M
:t T WAT KINS. See v. F
M COLWELL F. H P
'. F PHILRROOK T I V
J K FRY. K C
F S. DA VENTDKT Se retr rhaiir
and Coromandery
W R. BANKS. Secretary Council
WOODMEN CIRCLE. .
Meets in Medisrovich Call 2nd hM
i i h Fi'dnys of e:n h ninth
H TTIK A LUKiC. Guardian
PAULINE F. BROWN. Cl. ri.
P. O. Box 621
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
I-owell Camp No 4G will
i-. niet-t every Wednesday
r ' t 7:30. Brophy Hall
-- i. L WINTERS. C t
' - O. B. THOMAS. Clem
Vll Woodmen invited.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Kathbuue Lodge No. n
Knights of Pythias-
SG
VSJVy-r meets each Thursday
. -V. I iv. ...... t.;w...wl l In rt-A
. 1 J ' -
y j v
Fellows' irlall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
m:i Voiu.ky. t c.
I C KRIGi'.AI'M
K or R S
T. F. B.
yiy FRATERNAL
' BROTH ERHOOl'
J"--' ; Blst'ee Lndie i
;' ,y 451! meets the l"
: and 3rd Monday
i: eH' h month
7:30 at Odd Fel
lows' Kail Vilt
ins u embers cordia'ly invited.
PHIL. DAVIS. President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer
Box 722. Tel. 2::6. Red.
Kl iiERINK SALHOLM. Secretary
NOTICE, FORD OWNERS
Have you eter noticed the jar. the
vibration, and the rattle of your Ford
when you start or stop, you probably
uave. and thought that this was one
'jf the things tEat comes with a Ford
and could not be helped: but not so.
This is caused by the fabric tn the
brake Lands becoming glazed, am!
hard that is only natural. It makes
your rear ale jamp up. and down, and
the whole car shakes, and clatters
every time you press on the foot ped
als. This feature can be remedied, by
having The Brophy Garage put. in a
set of cork insert brake linings. We
guarantee to eliminate this condition
besides giving Vu about 50 per cent
longer wear. In some cases a set of
these Cork Insert Bands have been
known to last 40 to 50 tnousand miles,
they will save you repair bills. Let
the Brophy Garage put in a set for
you. Adv. 20
, Specific Co. S. S. which was dis
I covered over fifty years ago, wilt
I cleanse your blood of the catarrhal
poisons and will thereby relieve yon
:of the diipping in your throat, tho
sores in your nostrils, spitting, hawk
lir.g and bad breath.
All druggists carry S. S. S, and
i the physicians of our Medical Depart
iment will cheerfully answer any Iet
I ters which you may write them in
regard to your cae. Swift Specific
Co, S05 Swift EuiUins, Atlanta, Ga.
PRICES REASONABLE
8. T. McGINNISS.
No tices...
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
Meets every Friday ni&ht. Moose Halt
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
J V PETTEY. Dictator.
KAY ROSS. Secretary
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first and third
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
in Medigovich Hall. AU
visiting Red Men invited
to attend.
Wm. DE LB RIDGE. Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Medicine Man
F V FENDER SON. C of R.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic HaQ
i-earl Chapter, No. 6. meet
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m.
: MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS. W. M.
I'hone 230. P. O. Box S41. Bisbee.
MRS JESSE BEVAN, Sec'y. P. O. Box
: 22'j9. Chairman Relief Com. Phone 647
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
' Bisbee Aerie. No. 175, F. O. E, meeta
Crst and third MONDAYS. 8. p. m
Eagles Hall Visitors cordially wel
ome.
RICHARD DAVIS. President.
M. D. COHEN. Aerie Physician.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 210.
Meets in L O.
O. i. Hall sec
ond and fourth
SATURDAY
at 7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
era cordially
Invited to at
tend. CEO SLEKMAX. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary.
I'. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
BISBEE LODGE. No. 10, I. O. O. F.
-. Meets every
& Ny WEDNESDAY
, '" ' ""'"v. J evening at Odd
Fellows Hall.
.Muia street at 7:00 p. m. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Mall phone 11.
CARL V. NELSON. N. G.
G. A. PLUXKETT. Secretary.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting Crst and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
R. E. WARXER. Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY. Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets In Medigovich
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays ear h month
Visiting brothers wel
rome.
.1 c. a&NTON. Councillor.
J L. BEXTOX, Recording Secretary
NIGHTS & LADIES OF SECURITY.
BISBEE COUNCIL. NO. 2115.
..eets every Thursday at Union
tall. 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited. C. A. Clem. Prea,
.ix 1023 Bisbee.
Frederick J. Attaway. Sec.. LowelL
E. Linguist, financier, box 33246. Low
elL MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 1341i.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows HalL
R. L. MOTZ. Consul.
H. F. MATHEWSOX.
Clerk.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple, Xo. 3,meeta every 2nd
ano 4th Thursday evening of each
mcnth at Odd Fellows' HalL Visiting
i-ier are cordially Invited.
X . HART, M. E. C.
IKA.NET SWEEXEY. M. of R. C
BvCA. VOIGHT EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 22, 1917.
Novo Hoists and
Mining Supplies
3
B
flllti&fiiGi
Continuous From 1 To 10:30
BUILT UP TO STANDARD NOT DOWN TO FRICE
Ccmmencing 6:15 P. M
THE MUTUAL FILM CORPORATION
Presents
ANNA MURDOCK
"Where Love Is"
H
7T
o
I
F'ATHE NEWS NUMBER 25.
THE WORLD BEFORE YOUR EYES.
ADMISSION
10 and 15 Cents.
9 trip
THE HOUSE OF COMFORT.
Continuous From 1 To 11
YOUNG MEN THERE IS A WARNING FOR YOU TO AVOID
THE PITFALLS. OF THE GAY LIFE IN
WILLIAM FOX PHOTODRAMA
'The New York Peacock'
Starring
VALESKA SURATT
THE ACTRESS OF A THOUSAND GOWNS
ADMISSION
10 AND 15 CENTS.
Centra
COMMENCING 3 P. M. TODAY
THE TRIANGLE FINE ARTS
PRESENTS
DOROTHY GISH AND ALL-STAR CAST
The (Mdren of Tk Fued'
A Fine Arts Production In Five Acts
AND METRO PRESENTS
FRANCIS X. BUSHMAN AND BEVERLY BAYNE
The Seventh Chapter of
"THE GREAT SECRET"
ADMISSION
10 AND 15 CENTS
The... .
Beautiful iL-a
Continuous 1 to 1 0 P. M
Program Changed Daily.
TODAY
SHubert Film Co.
Presents
Edwin Austin in
"THE SOCIAL HIGH
WAYMAN" A drama of the social
world and the
Katzemjarrimer Kids
In
"The Chinese Cook"
KdNDAY
Equitable Motion Picture
Company, Presents
Florence Reed
In
"THE COWARDLY
WAY"
A picture that you will
talk about.
Admission: Reserved Seats 25c; Lower Floor 10c;
Balcony 5c.
Star Theatre
Better Pictures Than Ever.
Continuous From 1 to 10 P. M.
-TODAY-
"WIIEN THIEVES. FALL OUT'
2 Reels.
"OUT FOR THE DOUGH"
1 Reel
"AVARICE"
1 Reel ...
MONDAY
WOICE ON THE WIRE"
Third Episode
Admission -
5
ORPHEUM THEATRE
MONDAY, TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY
LEWIS J. SELZNICK, PRESENTS
CLARA KIMBALL YOUNG
IN
"The Foolish Virgin"
Ey Thomas Dixon, Author cf "The Birth of a Nation."
A TREMENDOUSLY DRAMATIC STORY OF MONEY MADNESS. THE
ONLY CLARA KIMBALL YOUNG PRODUCTION SINCE
"THE COMMON LAW"
A Wonderful Production In Eight Acts
ADMISSION 15 AND 25 CENTS ADMISSION 15 AND 25 CENTS
o
mite
QtyBneO:
MUSIC IN THE AIR Xeo Plastioue facial treatment.
Pianos, talking machines, records. ' scalp massage. Xeo Beauty Shop,
piano rolls, musical instruments and Room 16. Let son Hotel.
Has anyone visited you? Or
I have you entertained? If so, call
I the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, rhone 39.
sheet music at the music department
of the Lowell Jewelry Shop. Reason
able prices and easy terms.
Advertisement. 431 '
Advertisement. 42
BODY MASSAGE
Neo Ileauty Shop, Room 16. Itson
Hotel. Advertisement. 42?.
Rubber stamps, emblem key checks
H. Pnodgrass, Phone Black 647. 120
Tombstone Canyon. Advertisement
; 35S
Dr. Edward Colman, Chiropractor i
and Osteopath, rheumatism, nervous-CALLAHAN COMMITTED.
ness a specialty. Office, Hughes R. O. Callahan. Sulphur Springs val- j Mr. and Mrs. j. R. Combs of this
block, 1st floor, opposite Y. M. C. A. iPy ranched. was committed to to state !city, have returned from a trip to No-
asylum for the insane yesterday at the 'Kales, where they visited for several
conclusion of his hearing in superior days with their son. J. A. Combs, in-
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE
; Irwin Studio, Main Street. 857;
i Advertisement.
i
BRO COMBS BACK.
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
(Allen Block)
A great big glass fresh buttermilk
It's only 5 cents. Advertisement. 309
court before Judge Ixukwood.
GO TO TOMBSTONE.
Dr. C. H. Hunt, county health offi
cer, and Deputy Sheriff Red Gannon
motored to Tombstone yesterday ta at
tend superior court.
telligen.se officer at the army camp.
: .Mr. Combs. Sr., was, until recently,
SPECIAL PIANO SALE .foreman of The Review composing
Thirty Pianos and Player-Pianos of- room, but resigned in order to be free
fered at greatly reduced prices and to dash for the metropolis of Los An-.
easy payments. The Zellncr Piano peles when war news begins to break
Co. Hughes Bids., opposite Y. M. C. i In big chunks
A. Adv.
$35.00 tailor made uncalled for suit.
$20.00. Millard & Bateman, Allen
SAFE INVESTMENT
After May 6th the Sulphur lots will
be $r.O each. See F. Briggs & Co..
Lowell. 23
I The place to buy diamonds, watch
! es, jewelry, is at the Lowell Jewelry j Block. Advertisement.
'Shop. The reason is obvious: thej
; Ere out of the high rent district.
Advertisement.
Ride on the American Stage Line.
Bisbee to Douglas. Phone 366.
Advertisement
DOG MISTREATED.
A small dog was yesterday shot
through the shoulder by an unidenti
fied resident of O K street, and ran
down the street in agony until finally
taken care of. Owners of doza on O
K street report that last week several
animals were caught by the miscreant
and covered with turpentine. A third
was shot and killed.
NEO-BEAUTY SHOP
Neo-Plastique Massage, manicuring
body massage, etc. Your patronage so
licited. Ladies and gentlemen, Mrs.
Elsie M. Sawyer, Room 1G, Letson Ho
tel. Advertisement 196
We have plenty of Novo Moists on hand
again and can make instant delivery from
stock, the demand for these Hoists has been so
great that our stock has been broken several
times.
We have also received a car of fuse and a
car of pipe fittings and valves making our stock
very complete at present on all kinds of min
ing machinery and supplies, which consists of
. picks, shovels, powder, fuse, caps, steel, both
drill and soft, as well as shapes angles,
etc.
A complete line of mining and assaying
supplies.
ATTENTION ODDFELLOWS
AND REBEKAHS
ALL ODDFELLOWS, REBEKAHS.
AND FAMILIES, .are cordially in
vited to attend the 9Sth anniversary
of the Independent Order of Odd Fel
lows, on Wednesday, April 25th at,
8 o'clock p. m. in t. O. O. F. hall.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
CARL V. NELSON. X. G.
Adv.33.
BACK FROM PHOENIX.
City Marshal James Allison and Of-'
ticers Lo Wright and Tom Mcfmey re
turned to this city yeterilay from
Phoenix, where they appeared as wit
nesses in the recount proceedings. All
reported that a three-day rainstorm
this week prevented the weather in
the capital city from being as warm
as they had expected.
SPECIAL FACTORY SALE
Two carloads of Pianos r.r ! Plsjcr
Pianos offered at prices reduced fri.iii
$125 to $250. Call at once at The Z-I1-
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
(Allen Block)
Delicious home made butter,
costs same as any. other. Try it.
Advertisement
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
Stage Line.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
I daily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from!
! Cochise Motor Co., Phone 444. Leaves !
. punctually on time daily. 939
j (Advertisement)
MINING MEN HERE. j
Doane Merrill of Benson. D. F. Mc-;
Gary and Ned Creighton. of Phoenix,
and James Lt-Ubn, Sr., all interested j
in local mining properties .are visitors I
in Bisbee. . i
OUR $20 SUITS
are as good as any at $30. Miller's
Shirt and Hat Shop. Main, St. . Adv.
It
310
Make your trip to Douglas a pleas
ure. Travel the Winton way.
Advertisement. 332
LADIES
! SHIEDELER'S AUTO SERVICE
Ford cars euuinned with Shock Ab-!
Bring your material and make your , a.,rhprs Thv ri,,e asv ion trios.!
ner riano i.o.. in iuikih-s uiu.., up,iu- aWn gowns unr.er competent mstruc-, cu.-itoH on rent nor mil mito sue-
site Y. M. C. A. Ad. tors. The fitting is jdone by expert ((.ial trips lb c'ananea. Bisbee phone.
fitters and help is furnished, where, central Pharmacy, 450. Lowell phone
.vhen you need it. If you have never ; central Drug. 222. Adv. 930
undo ycur gowns, suits and coats. ! '
vou c?n do so now. Room 4. Maze 1 MARRIED IN TUCSON.
PLAYER PIANOS REDUCED
Why not get a Player Piano? Any-!
one can play it. Wonderful new im
plovements giving operator complete
control of expression. Prices reduced
from $200 to $300 at the Special Sale
f The Zellner Piano Co., in Huuhes
Iildg., opposite Y. M. C. A. Adv.
The Lowell Jewelry Shop does ex
pert watch and jewelry repairing. All
work guaranteed. Try them.
Advertisement
WATKINS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
The HALLMARK Store
P. J. McCuliough. contractor and
builder, phlme 820, Box i3 i. Retainin.
walls and sidewalks are my specialty.
Adv. :;.Vj
Travel to Douglas the Winton way
m the new stage. Cars leave Copper
Jueen Hotel on the hour. Fare $1.25.
Advertisement 332
A car every hour, Bisbee to Doug
las'. Good cars and careful driver?.
American Stage Line. Phone 3CC.
!1 It Advertisement. 667 chariPS 0tey. for many years
wholesale gi'jcery solicitor for the
PIANOS CHEAP i Phelps-Dodge store here, was married
A few bargains in second hand and last night in Tucson to Miss Susan
slightly used Pianos. $100 and tip.'i Stark, of that city. Mr. Otey will
Terms as low as $6 per month, pt The make Tucson his home. He is now
Zellner Piano Co. Special sale, Hughes i connected with Steinfeld & Company
Bids., opposite Y. M. C. A. Adv. ! of the "Old Pueblo."
IVISITING WITH FAMILY.
Jack Kaincy, superintendent oi the
Jerome-Portland property at Jerome,
arrived in Bi.sbee last night lo visit
wilh his family. Mr. Raim y v.as for
merly superintendent of the Lowell
, mine.
THANKS SINGERS
The trustees of the Presbyterian
church of South Bisbee wish to thank
all Bisbee singers who jntributed
, their services at the musical concert
i enjoyed by so many Friday niht.
Adv. 44 THE COMMITTEE.
DINNY WALSH LEAVES.
Dennis Walsh, alias "Dinny" Walsh,
champion time-keeper at the Ixiwell
mine, left last night for Jerome. After
spending a few days in the northern
topper camp, Dinny will hop on the
Santa Fe and head for the Coast. He
expects to remain in California, look
ing over real estate and picking or
anges, for several weeks. Dinny's
brother. F. Angelo Walsh. Brewery
Gulch cartoonist, had intended accom
panying him but decided at the last
minute that he could not bear to be
away from his motor at the Lowell,
and so postponed his vacation.
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath, violet ray
electric treatments, 98 Mason Hill,
Mason Hill car stop. Phone Blue 647.
Advertisement 231
Expert repairing on fine watches
and jewelry, diamond setting, engrav
ing and general repairing. Mintop,
the postoffice jeweler, Lowell.
Advertisement 341
Sheriff wants enlistments of all mal
citizens of Cochise county owning
horse, saddles and rifle, please send
name to Sheriff Wheeler, at Tomb
stone. Object I'J form possee for pos
sible servhe within Cochise county.
Auto owners are particularly refjnest
ied to volunteer services.
I tt i Tim r inirrT T'T)
SPECIAL
-FOR-
Saturday and Sunday
APRIL 21 AND 22.
McWhorfer's
Pure Ice Cream
In Following Flavors:
FRESH STRAWBERRY FRUIT
VANILLA
FRESH BANANA FRUIT
CARMEL NUT
CHOCOLATE
Kindly send in your orders early, Telephone 532.
We have this week placed in service another auto truck,
making our delivery system the best in the district.
n n n n i n
man
wrier s
"THE FOUNTAIN BEAUTIFUL"
oil
L
$795
HERE
start
ing and
Lighting
YOU OUGHT
TO SEE THIS
CAR TODAY
Ride in it drive
it today.
You are consid
ering buying a
new car you owe
it tr yourself to
get the best value for your money.
Tomorrow the Dort price will be raised thirty dol
lars The increasing cost of materials of the last few
months has brought the Dort factory face-to-face with
the problem other manufacturers have been forced to
meet. The same high standard of workmanship and
material will be maintained. Tomorrow the Dort will
be $875.00 here.
SEE US TODAY LET US DEMONSTRATE
Norton
Saxby
Lowell.
(Just Above Treu's Market)
Review Want Ads for Result
'Adv 38 Sheriff. "J
1
X - S:
MINING
SECTION
SOCIETY
SECTION
MEMEER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 19. NO. 273.
THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 22, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
Industries of Arizona
rr ill I UKcnuivci wit
In War With Germany
PRO-GERMANS AND PACIFISTS STORM U. S. CAPITOL; ARE .
DRIVEN FROM STEPS BY POLICE AMID HOOTS AND JEERS
Sty y ..wa-.-.;.--
- SSt mCiife- m&Z :P-v ...
, Police driving pacifists f rem steps, nf I". S. rapid.
4 '
Aboui 1,000 pro-German and "peaee-at-a-.y-piic-r " e.-uMfis'.s from liiiVerent parts of the country assmMeii
n the 6ieps of the main entrance at the cepiu.I ;;.!..'-'.! opening cay of congress. They were sj active
U.'it . uads of police drove them off and on.o t! I read jeza, while small delegations of pro-war ."pilgrims'
ku. ttd and jeered. The pacifists shouted rep.! ' - ' ou1 wj..-, :iu mi.-takin;? foreign accent in the wonls of
une of the shouters.
La Paz Mining District Has Old-Time
History In the State As a Placer Camp
Men Who Rank Foremost In The Development of State's Re
sources Gather At Phoenix In Response lo Call I-rom
Governor Campbell and Prepare To Help Nation By
Combining Forces For Greater Efficiency.
Overshadowing all else in association with Arizona Industry during the
last week, and promising the largest ultimate benefits that have ever come
about in its aid, was the assembling upon the call of Governor Thomas E.
Campbell of the Arizona State Council of Defense. Composed of those fore
most in all lines of industry in Arizona, ihe members of this council as
sembled solely in the interests of patriotism as coupled with higher efficiency
and the protection from interference of any sort of the activities of the stat?
Partisanship, labor views, religion, class in every phase all were put aside.
and.Snost important, are in a fairer way of being kept henceforth in the back
ground as a deterrent factor on the constructive aide than ever before in
Arizona history. TJie council combined in its working committe organization
every element of influence in the state, political, industrial, labor and church
leaders being welde'd in a harmonious body with the single object of support
of the nation in tire fullest..- The addresses of Governor Campbell, Captain
John C. Greenway, President Donnelly, of the State Federation of Labor.,
President Kimball, of the State Board of Trade, and of many others of large
prominence in Arizona affairs, all wrought effectively to this outcome, in
which the highest compliment was paid to the integrity of the state under
emergency call and to the judgment of Governor Campbell in applying the
test of loyalty which his call for the assemblage put forth. j
; ENTHUSIASM SPREADS OVER STATE. j
The outstanding feature of the gathering in point of immediate effect has
been the enhusiasm which it has spread over the state and which gives as
surance that there is to be no interference cf moment tolerated with its . in
, , ...J The La Paz mining district, so
dutries The public is in the collar, in other words, for the promotion of the
.. . t . , I prominently identified with the erly
. i. .tioinoM. n nffinionrv Overnipht nil else has been out in the
,huiiM1...-.v-. - history of Arizona on account of the i
discard for the period of National stress. Realizat.on nas spread mat mere; f .
is no hour left for m.sunderstandmgs. for pulling apart, nor for the exercise of j duced. but wnictt ha8 ,ain durnlant for . great deal of go(, ehrounterP(I lnit tnp gink, of soaft; vitlonl,
kalf-way measures. Foes are recognized an possible upon the border. eitheria ,,en0(l f neariy a nair c-eruury, I daily, anj dust was panned in abuml-! use of timber. The wash is readi'v
with or without the consent of Mexico, and as possible within the borders ot : promises, according to recent develop-! ance. The supply seemed inexhausti-; worked in dry-washer machines, the
the state bent upon disturbance and the disruption of industrial efficiency. "ents- to n e front; ble and the people became wild with only requirement being that the
' F i and rival its former record in the pr& j excitement. There was probably iiv ground mutt be dry. .The. 8'd. is
and there is unanimous report from all sections that alertness, and the re- j duetion of the yeuow metal. I the neighborhood of $8.00n.t)00 in gold rough and angular,, and. particles of
fusal of longer tolerance of half way measures of protective character, is the' Of the early history of this section. ' taken out. iron cling to some of the nuggets. Mag-
order of the day Much of this has come about through the better realization I Is said that gVld was discovered a! The method of extracting the metal, netite l found in the eoncen-
early as 1849 by fortune seekers to i however, was extremely crude. The trates, and bowlders of magnetite, the
on the part ot tne general pudiic mat Arizona is pruuuiiiis muic man iuh
third of the entire 1917 estimated copper output of the continent. 2.000,009
000 pounds, and that there is no American prize that would probably as greatly
encourage Germany and dishearten the allies as would a part or the whole
of the Arizona copper tonnage in Germany's hands, either by successful j who was trapping along the Colorado manner as the ordinary gold pan. With tion. and according to the lines placed
river and would wander out into th ithe apparent exhaustion of the placers ,l,lem back ln La Pax Arroyo. This
mountains on pi'ospecting trips, was land the discovery of new diggings, permitted mining to once more be re-
many people left the district. From-,umed ,n that eetion, and the oppor
this time the population steadily de-jtunity ha du,y been taken advantage
creased, until, with the creation of of-
the addition to the Colorado River In-! One of the principal mining com
dian reservation in 1873. 1S74 and 1876 panies now operating in that section
which included much or the placer is the New La Paz Gold Mining corn-
ground and greatly ressncted mining, pany, which is the largest individua
pread like wide-fire, others went i La Paz was virtually deserted, and the holder of placer ground in th dis
This company owns 1546 acres
many of the old forty-nine miners who now marked by only disintegrating of placer ground, lying in the western
had gone W California during the great j adobe buildings. (border of the Dome Rock mounta'ns
goia excitement there, beard or tne in the La Paz district the principal about seven miles northeast of Ehren
fabulous wealth of the La Pax placer j arroyos in which the gold-bearing berg and twelve miles from Blythe. ..
mines and were drawn hither by vis-1 wash occurs or to which the richest ..The formation in the locality of the
ions of untold riches that lay in this gulches are tributary are G'jodman New La Paz Gold Mining company's
ARIZONA COMPANIES
NUMEROUS ON HONOR
ROLL OF COUNTRY
Nearly Every Big Producer In
The State of Arizona In
cluded In The List of Those
; Who Sold Copper To U. S.
At Loss.
prove to be similar to the outwash on
the east slope of the Dome Rock
mountains and in the Plomosa plac
cers. where the material is firmly ce
mented with calcium carbonate and
requires crushing in order IV) free the
and one-half pounds; a nt:r.roer of oth- ' Sl.
e'rs were discovered weighing as much j In Goodman Wash, below the Cood
as three pounds, while still others of ;m:m tank, a deposit of calcareous tufa
smaller size, ranging from J5 tv t'.O several feet thick is to be seen. The
were uncovered in large numbers. A ' ground stands sufficiently well to per
that part of the country, but it was! miners did not even have the dry larflt weighing several pounds are
not until 1860 or 1862 that f.old in j washer machines, and the recovery of frequently found on the "Surface
large quantities was fodnd Hnd uiiniig i gold was effected solely by means of;--ln March, 1910, the government re
prosecuted on a large scale. It was 'ihe Mexican "bataes," a large wooden established the south boundary lire
then that Captain Pauline Weaver, I bowl, which was used in the same f the Colorado River Indian reserva-
The roll of honor comprising the
, American copper companies who have
gratuitously sold 4'.110,00u pounds of
copper metal t'J the I'nited Slates
' army and naval departments at the
I ten-year average price of 16.67"9c per
pound, or about $6,990,000 under the
. actual market value, and who in con
j cert have agreed to supply about 11,
OOrt.OOO pounds of practically spot cop
i per that could not otherwise be sup
plied at any price have been added
to by the addition of the evada Con
solidated. East Rutte. Calumet & Ari-
wna. l nited enie Extensron. Old Do
minion and Magma companies in ad
dition to the list originally reported.
The delay in announcing the above
mentioned additions was sue to the
differences in dates in directors' meet
ings required to authorize such action.
The complete' list now embraces:
Anaconda Copper Mining Company.
Braden Copper Company.
Calumet & Arizona MiniNg Company
Cerro de Pasco Copper Corporation.
Chile Copper Company.
Chino Copper Company.
East Butte Mining Company.
Gr-'ene-Cananea Copper Company.
Hancock Consolidated Mining Com
pany. Inspiration Consolidated Copper
Company.
Kennecott Copper Corporation.
Magma Copper Company.
Miami Copper Company.
Mohawk Mining Company.
Nevada Consolidated Copper Com
pany. North Butte Mining company.
Old Dominion company.
Phelps. Dodge c Company.
Quincy Mining company.
Ray Consolidated Copper company.
I'nited Verde Copper company.
I'nited Verde Extension Mining
company.
1'tah Consolidated Mining company.
I'tah Copper company.
Wolverine Copper Mining company
given some nuggets by Indians, with
whom he was on friendly Terms, and
shown the place where they had been
found.
Weaver organized a party, went
to the spot and picked up $8000 in
intrigue to the end of curtailment of output, or by seizure.
MINERAL SURVEY TO BE CONDUCTED.
One of the immediate outcomes of the State Defense Council activities as
relating to mining wil", be the conduct of a survey of the mineral resources of
the state by the Mines Bureau of the State University. It will bring about
compilation of 'a great deal of valuable Information. It is also very likely to
. . ..'I J !I . 1 Mliinhln mAlale ultls1l (UUggCtS III 8 Short tllllC NeWS Of
unnE imo prominence auu aiiuui mtr uuuiub vi ott . tti muu ... .-
this spread li
nave neretoiore sunerea negiecu mere are vaimuium urput,i, mnu6... , , tnere and niade rk.h discoveries and site of the once flourishing town is trict
dinnabar, molybdenum, chrome and some other of the rarer ores which there
has been lack of information about in the State, and also lack or encourage
ment and incentive to mine, which will speedily come into different light.
The resources committee of the Defense Council needs all ot these metals that
l inH . rwl will Viavo iho H nt v nf nrnviriinsr nossihlr for a wav of making
.... , . Ivirgin field and awaited only the hand Arrovo and Arrovo La Paz. an arrovo ' property is in general made. up. of
use of their values at home. It Is very imeiy mat mere v. ,u oe some macn.ue lf)f man tQ gatner an(, paf.e them ,n j at tm sollthorn Doundary of thp re3. micacious granite and schist and n-any
shops, some furnaces, some foundries in Arizona turned to the output of steel jthe channels of commerce, and so pea-' ervat ion. Ferra gulch tributary to Ar- beds and plugs of quartzite, also some
and of war munitions before the needs of the war period in which the country
is launched are ended. Automobiles and auto trucks, cannon, shot and shell
may be common output of Arizona industrial plants before the end come.
and once established, these will go on. There is of course also the possibility
jple flocked in fro mevery section. ' rovo La Paz. contained the richest and volcanic lime on the extreme of the
As a result of the influx Vf g"ld most productive placers of the dis- mountains. .The schist is interwoven
seekers, three towns sprang into ex- trict. Evidences of former work are with many stringers, of. gold-bearing
istence. La Paz, Ehrenberg and Mill- t be seen, in the old excavation and quartz, which by erosion and disinte-
leral. The town of La Paz was estab- piles of bowlders and angular rock gration, furnished the gold which is
iliuhort at tho huufl nf Iho honrh lmiHs ?.. I.. Athnciiraa .f Ki. .1 Ir naw fnunrf in th nnlrl.harinn nnuat
, , .u- J A l.,o .l,!.l, lo, '" " .,..hu.,ru..,, 11. o.... .i n --
oi copper .re yiams l ui.r u.0 ..c... u.vUu. ...... ., - npar the (;olorado river ,he nouses be-, where the wash was shnt.ow. and In beds.
certainty of the future but which may be brought years sooner by war than ing constructed of adobe brbicks. It: the deeper deposits by old shafts from! There are seventy-four shafts sunk
the most optimistic may have hoped for under peace conditions. Big brains.'sn became the supply point of the! which small drifts were driven in the on the property into the gravel to a
isurrounuing country ana mainiaineu. nope ot undine ru-n pockets. Hie acpm or irom nve 10 rorty-nve reet
; a population of about 15.000. 'thickness of the gold bearing wash , None, save in one instance, was put
La Paz, by reason of its importance. ! is variable, ranging from a few" feet .down to bedrock. .The average depth
I was made the first official scat of ' on the mountain slopes to an unknVtwn o bedrock is estimated at about 50
Vrroyo and in the feet On the higher ground, which the
the Quartzite- company proposes to wsrk by the hy-
is call for every exertion upon the part of everybody, and called to the test,Bn act of the legislative assembly of Ehrenberg road. Shafts have been draulic process, the bedrock comes
as they are there are many in Arizona who will develop new things. Arizona, which convened in Tucson sunk in the wash to depths of :!0 feet j much closer to the surface.
during tne winter or Iti3. tne county without reaching bedrock and it is re-1 r i w receni sampling snows
seat was removed to a pint down the . ported that in places the wash is at, an average value of $2.16 per cubic
river then known as Arizona Cttq. n least 60 feet deep. Bv far the greater! yard in free gold which amounts to
velopment encouraged or enforced by war needs, there are several, ln the' name that was later discarded for that part of the auriferous material is tin- ll.448.ono and the total including the
.. .' t , j i. , .k i , a i . . I of Yuma. I worked, especially that in the lower black sand would be 11.800.448.
flay district, it may be mentioned, there is the promise of development of a ,. ... . ,1 ' , , . , Th hiu-.u unrt -hi.., i f....i i
' i The population was made up of sv-( courses of the arroyos, where the wash ; ' nf niai k sana v nich Is found in
great vanadium deposit of high grade. The IT. S. Vanadium Development I ery nationality to be found in America, is deep. N estimate could be made ' all portions of the property has a
Co., of which Dr. E. Payne Palmer of Phoenix, is president and with whom! The Mexicans, however, greatly pre-! of the probable gold content because value of Jl'K.f.O in g'jld and $1.40 in
'dominated. There was, of course, the or the lack of detailed data and or un- tr io me ion. ny aciuaa test maue
a world of ingenuity and of science are behind the Arizona preparedness and ;
I
efficiency movement now under the guidance of the Defense Board, and no I
limit mar hp nlaced nnnn the lastine benefits, the large expansion in home I
. . . . . . , . . . , , . . . . . ,,.- Yuma county, and continued so to be ' measure in 1 41 Paz Ar
enterprise which may quickly be brought about. It (s a period in.wh.eh the'oj., of Jhe yw -0 bt bv BuI(. tnvortufi by .
LEAD GAINS PROMINENCE HERE.
Of minerals in which Arizona may pick up a vast deal through new de-
are associated a number of very high standing people, has advanced with de-!
usual percentage of adventurers, gam- certainty as to the limits of the wash ' from ninety-one samples it was found
yelopment to a point where it appears reasonably assured that a big property j biers and confidence men. always to but in one area the deposit said to that every live hundred cubic yards of
is to be opened. It is said that one of the strong metallurgical concerns oper , be found in large numbers in rtmnui-' contain valu-.s of r.O to 75 cents per ' gravel contains one ton of black sand.
,. ,., , 1 a i. 1 . . . . ... nities or this kind. It was an era of yard and much of it "0 feet or more ' In the S.HOO.OttO cubic yards of gravel
ating in the west is so far convinced of the value of the discovery and its , , , ,. 1 - 1 1 . . .. in ih.wo iiri.iinu thr on,. 1.1 k in
wonderful prosperity. Men were lavish deep, occupies at least 64(1 acres. Into,"1 inese homings, tnere would be 10.-
commerrial extent that it is eager to place a considerable reduction plant on in their expenditures and monev flow- the smaller gulches. ' h0" tons " black sand worth $31
In the "d as freely as water, for each audi The ;old bearinn .material consists ; mis Diack sana will be saved
'every individui.1 of this nondescript of sand and clay inclosing angular without one cent additional st to the
company.
There are little or 110 indications of
cemented gravel or sticky clav In
the ground, a fact that carries a very high degree of endorsement.
nAADav.ll ilam rru r , tka.A la a .Avli.nl .....1 ......... .. Af .ala...!. fi.m ... I
population was .lioved by that same lock fragments of greatly variable
deposits of cinnabar, encouraged recently by the opening of a stronger forma-1 spirit of reckless extravagance and size. The tests indicate that about 20
tion than previously encountered. At Rishee lead is rnminir intn more nrom-'feverish excitement that invariably per cent of the wash will pass through
. . 'nervades the adventurous throngs who a quarter-inch screen. The material Placer mining and especially wh
inence, evej, atartung.y so. ine attuc Arizona is learned to have a large mw s of rjrh dlfK. near Ihc surIilf. js 11Uilii8ortod and js;the process of working ., by the
tonntgf) of lo-w grada available which it will b able to handle profitably. That the placer Selds of Lh Par were unconsolidated, being readily worked Jdraulir system.
The Coppen Quwn has also a great tonnage of the same character of ore decidedly rich was shown by the fact with pick and shovel. That at depths! Toe company proposes to prosecute
that nuggets of gold were taken ou' u la or ;n feet is consolidated, out !.. ni.un or me nvnruuc oicmou,
in great quantities. The latpest of the cemeoiiae substanre readily dis- and tv thin end reservoir bas been
these, which was iound in what in inteerates on exposure to air. Dcpo- j constructed on the top of an adjacent
known as Ferra tiulch, weighed thre- s'ts h-iow tic dcnlhs el t"st nits w-tr hill. This reservoir is of a sfticiont
HIT WHITES
OF THE TYRONE
DISTRICT
i Michigan Editor Tells of
' Transformation Wrought
In Burro Mountains Dur
ing Few Short Years.
The Burro mountain district, in the
vicinity of Tyronne. the latter a town
representing a wonderful transforma
tion from conditions of only a lew
brief years ago. is attractive to the
prospector from a mineral point of
view, there being numerous "mineral
blossoms" that lend hope of copper
and the more precious metals, says
George A. Xewett in Iron Ore. Silver
City, located twenty miles away from
Tyrone, was om-e throbbing with in
dustrial life at hUh pressure draw
ins its inspiration and business from
numerous silver mines locates in this
district. As in many other western
towns, the silver ceased to prove pro
fitable following a brief working nf
thf veins, the latter giving out wi;h
depth, and throughoi tt that region
there was great activity on the part
of prospectors and miners.
Lake Superior Was Interested
Lous after (he silver mines in the
Purio mountain country had ceased
work attention was given to the cop
per showings. There is a wonderful
exhibit of gossan in portion of tlie
mountains, this being particularly
prominent in the Tyrone distrirt. We
visited that section a doz-n years ago
wnen the Merrils were exploring the
Chemung claims for Caumet & Arizo
na interests, the Merrills having bten
j prominent in the early development
i of Calumet & Arizona. While the
! iron gossan was plentiful on surface
jthe ground beneath did not yield ruin
! eral in such richness as was then de-
sired, that bein? before the dnys of
i oil flotation and other processes now
applied successfully to low-erade ro k
I and ores. The several shafts sunk
! found ore but the grade was too low
. to warrant expenditures at that time
! in mine equipment.
The Old Comanche
! At the time to which we rtfer there
j was a Comanche company, headed by
. Hon. S. S. Currv. of lronwood. Mich..
S. Case, superintendent of the'-,,., in wni,.h nlanv ,,k(, SlinA.rir
SafTord group of the Superior SarTord ; people were concerned as sharehold
Copper company, located in the lxme j ers t),p ompany erected a smelter.
Star district of Graham county, says built a railway and did much to make
that work on the property of the com- ( its enterprise win. but copper went
pany is progressing satisfactorily and ; away down in priee. work could only
ore in the new shaft is improving be .done at excessive cost, tiie smelt
with depth. i er was no just w hat was needed in
I the treatment of the ores, being mere-
and of ample elevation 'to afford a i '' experimental plant, and finally,
strong pressure. It is situated four after much effort and tlte expedfture
miles from the town of La Paz. where "f considerable money, the company
three wells have been cunk and wen "nt of business with the result
equipped with pumping machinery to 1hnt those who had purchased its
pump the water through a 12 inch pipe I shares were financially hurt. This was
lV the reservoir. Machinery is nowJn new experience, however, and was
arriving at the property for extensive J si"'IIv "'e misfortune that so fre
hvdraulic operations. :quntly attends this mining game. Af-
It is the opinion of prominent min-j tPr'"r,ls ,n, Uln1 f he Cotnanrh
ing engineers, based entirely upon the ; w' re I"in hased by interests that
10.000.000 cubic yards surveyed and i cn" 'he name of the old concern
tested, that it will take nine and two-.'0 ,he "vanna." and still later they
thirds Tears to work the mine out. ' V the Phelps IHUe
I inti.ruuta a Ik ... : I a l uk
hanrtlin "IIOO -iihi.- var.U tier ,IHV " tnin.. u ine lilirro
which the plant could easily do and
on an average of 3 per cubic yard.
C.
Mountain Copper comoanv.
Also Bought a Gold Mine
At tl. tin... .
allowing $M per dav for running ex-!,,' " '."r ""r""r TIS,r
. there was m operation elos t. tho
penses. the net earnings per year . . ... ,, , .
would an.tn.nt to 04.000. makin, "JST'
more than 300 per cent dividends r-r j ftnir ... ''T L.
year on the par value of the stock. n h. , ., , lpr'""'''"
. . .. . , . owners, who were of the old boat firm
A. J. Condee. a well known m.n.n- , . f ,Mlt)IH ., ... "
engineer of Los Angeles, after an ex-1 T , , ....'"
. . .. . . '"is mine was opened mi .t un Hit.
baustive examination of the -Now l-a , , j , .
Pax company's property, in his report . mjn ot.at , ,)ls1 bv w '
recently, concludes as follows: t tolil th.it tho mi.,u . ".i
"Many years as a mine op-ra.or and ; we at fj . -
io consider tne old Arcadian
an engineer have taught me that both
--- - -- - -- . . .,....,,.-, ,e oMi .Arc.iiii;m copix-r
iu- uxiivi oiiu Illllle. at Hamni k M 1 .l,:. i- .. .
be careiul not to deceive himself by same people were con. eri....t
lettuig his desires form his com hi- ! j; was boomed, lie mav take the sf ite
sions without facts to support them, i ment ot g,Md fortune as lie peaes
and while it is natural to want sue-; it is an interesting fact however n, it
cess, his hopes must be tempere I by since the oid Leopold property was
judgment. In this particular cns. i i purchased bv the Purro ni,t.in
am not an owner but an engineer. no j Copper company it has developed
started out to make this examination good values in copper, and from it
witii itie nrm conviction mai mu te- lanns me recent purchasers nr.- ,.,
ports which 1 had read on this mmejing about hair the ore they are rod iv
had been giVssIy exaggerated both .; feeding to a mil! that is treating about
to value and yardage. I thing I so j I.-'H tons every twenty four h.vti'rs
expressed myself to some of you.-com-, Could They Have Held On
pany before leaving Los Angeles. .My
pinion had been based upon h ar.-ay
t ould the old ( omanehe .
ers have taken a it ;h'.. f,;fr
.... !.!..... ...i t r....nV.l.. r.ici . anil nriri..!....,.. ... .
1 i lurm r, mill 1 iifn 11 unni.i " i(''f' IJlf lC Veil llle II t ill
that I was mistaken. j ore treatment they might now h.. ..m
"For the past fourteen yea's 1 have "ell their holdings at a big advance
made a specialty of hydraulic and;,M,'r the pun base prire. The pronin-
dredge mining, during which time I , "r f the ' . I ciimpa!lv took a lone
v....- .n....i ..i in i..vA . look alipuH it.. . .
uae i'n'iiru grawi i in -nu, i-iiiy nii't a nromiM-
available. Outpms from these bodies are very likely to soon be added to the
tContinued on Page 4, Main Section )
era j California. Mexico and Sut!i America , 'ns 'nf of lands despite all the rriii
Dy. land I want to say to you that alter nr ! ri"mi1 ' which they have hen suh-
exauunation of the La Paz nnue. I do
not know of another body of gravel Others in That District
of th- same size as that which I saw- " is on,' a short distance. a (.
at La Taz. which conUiin j as tiiri "rt """ancen em. from Ty-nn. io Ssn-
an aversge per rnhic yard in gold ani
is as favorahlv located Cor wtt king." (Continued on Pase :) TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 22, 1917.
NEWETT WRITES OF
THE TYRONE DISTRICT
(Continued From Pane One)
ta Rita, where the bin rhino copper
mine is located aud to Kierro. where
there are important operaiions in
both copper and iron ore. so the early
explorers who came from 1-ake Su
peiior really picked out a very good
locality in which to seek for mineral
treasures.
Operations of the Burro Mountain Co.
The Burro Mountain Copper com
pany is developing mining claims ly
ing up the mountain side from the
town of Tyrone, employing several
churn drills and opening already
found deposits with tunnels and
shafts. Mr. Sawyer, the local manag
er, informed us that development
work the last two years (this period
representing the exploring activities
of this organization) had been very
satisfactory. The 'main operation had
been in the driving of a tunnel into
the mountain side for a distance of
5.000 feet, this to get under ore bod
ies that had been located previously
with drills and shafts. I'p to the
present time .the tunnel has been ex
tended into the hillside so that it gets
under four separate ore bodies, to
which it is connected by raises from
the back. The ore is secured from
these deposits by the top-slicing sys
tem, it being then milled down the
raises to the tunnel where ore bins of
400 tons capacity' receive it ahd from
which it is run to 30-ton cars that are
sent out through the tunnel directly
to the mill. The plan Is an excellent
one and low mining costs should be
achieved.
Two Shafts Being Operated
At a point considerably farther
down the same hillside two shafts
have been sunk to the Sth level. 300
and 400 feet, respectively, and here
the oreis won on the stope shrinkage
(backstoping) plan. As yet the open
ings in the shafts are not large as suf
ficient time has not been had to ex
tend them. There are good steel head
frames at the shafu and hoists are
modern and efficient.
Character pf the Ores
The ores here are held in a nron-zonite-porphyry
much like that of
Xew Cornelia, at Ajo. and similar to
the copper-holding formations at Ely.
Nevada, where Nevada Consolidated
and Coppermine Consolidated are op
erating. The ores at Tyrone are gen
erally In lenticular form the long di
mension having a northeast by south
west trend and an easterly pitch. Mr.
Fawyer informed us thatthe average
of the ore would yield 24 percent
copper. One deposit in which three
fourths or a million tons had been de
veloped would give 2.77 per cent: an
other in which a million tons had
been pioved would yield 2.6S per cent
copper, and it was estimated that 214
per cent was a fair basis on which to
figure all the ore of the deposits thus
far located. Ore deposits are of vary
ing widths. 20 fett in places and
swelling out according to the changes
in the wall rock.
Holdings Are Extensive
The company owns in all the Ty
. f(ne camp about 9,000 acres, of which
approximately 5.000 are considered
mineral lands, the balance being farm
or ranch ands. A very small portion
of the mineral lands have been explor
"THREE OUT
THE ADVANTAGES OF LOCATION
,.rJ5EVENTH IN A STRAIGHT
IXlNITED V JEROME VERDC uT7T
$ VERDE ' COPPER J " YjpGntAt
2AroppFn A COMPANY P Kn VERDEl
o-S COPPER Y J--1 PAxrtMwt
Vf tt-rZ
I jim 't.0 ,py X C0PI" co
Three out of the four producing mines in Jerome are on this
"EAST" line. These are United Verde, United Verde Exten
sion, and Dundee-Arizona, which has just made its first ship
ment. The Jerome Verde "strike" indicates that it will be the next
producer, making every "EAST" property under development
on this line a mine.
Great Verde Extension is next. If you have not already put
some money into this property, do so today.
Superintendent Hubbard believes the ore will be found within
200 feet of the surface..
Why wait until the price is $1.00? Forty cents is too low a
price to last long. See our local agent or mail this coupon,
today.
Make All Checks To The National Bank of Arizona.
The National Bank of Arizona.
Phoenix, Arizona. Great Verde Extension Syndicate
Gentlemen: Herewith find...... PHOENIX. ARIZONA.
for shares of . . .
Stock of GREAT VERDE EXTEN- M." - "Ef'. yur ,hand" mai;
SION COFPER CO.. at forty cents Jcrom ,r' and 3 Py
.hare. "Copper Dollars"
Name Nae
Street Street
Town '. Town
Great Verde Extension Syndicate
General Offices, Second Floor Chamber of Commerce
Building, Phoenix, Arizona.
A. G ANDERSON, Local Agent.
Muheim Building Brewery Gulch
ed and it will necessitate many years
to make thorough examination of
them all.
The Company's Mill
The company is operating a concen
trator close to the mines, the work
' beimi in charge of Mr. James Hall.
i who had live years' experience at
Morenci and several at the Leopold
mill. The mtliing process is simple.
Consisting of crushing to 4-niesh. re
grinding to 4i-niesh. tables and van
tiers beicg employed iu the ordinary
1 way. The crushing is soon to be
changed to S-mesh.
Iron Rods Employed Instead of
Pebbles
In the tr.be mills at this plant in
stead of using flint pebbles or steel
balls in the fine grinding, carbon-iron
rods are employed. These rods are
eielit fe-'t long by an inch and a quar
ter diameter, and they are run until
they wear down to three-eighths of
an inclfc Mr. Hall informed us that
this plan was altogether more effi
ci"iit than the balls or pebbles. A
trial was just about to commence us
ing manganese iron instead of the
high carbon.
Oil Flotation For the Slimes
Oil flotation is being used on the
sli-nes the mixture being made up of
coal tar oil. with IS per cent creosote
and 2 per cent pine oil. The mill,
while largely experimental up to this
time, has been effecting a saving of
abfTut "6 per cent of the copper and it
is hoped to bring this up to 82 per
cent shortly The crushing plant is
operated on'y one shift. Water for
the mill is secured from mine wells
and ponds. The company is also mak
ip.g experiments in leaching ores and
finds this works very satisfactorily,
the ores responding readily to the
simpler forms, and it is probable that
all ores may be so treated, as it is
thought a considerably better extrac
tion can thus be secured.
Now Hear About the New Town
Where two years ago there was on
ly a handful of little shacks stuck
haphazard in the beautifully wooded
valley there are things that now chal
lenge your admiration and you might
be pardoned for imagining that some
constituting fairy hand touched this
spot with a magic wand changing
rocks to castles and old dobies to pal
aces. You look about and the first
thing that gets into your mind is that
surely there must be much under
ground to warrant all that has been
done, and that is still to be perform
ed, on top. When you think of the
general conservative minds controll
ing the destinies of this Phelps Dodge
organization you must conclude that
the mineral values figure out well in
the company's calculations. At that
there probably is considerable of
philanthropy in the treatment of this
pew town of Tyrone, else there has
been a great slipping of brakes in the
company's usual methods.
The Company Mine Office
This is a fine two-story structure of
splendid architectural design. The
first-floor ceiling is about 20 feet in
the clear, th" lobby is finished in Ten
npssee marble. t'-rraza floors, fitting
and furnishing. the very best. The
cost was pbout $50,000 and could not
be put up now for two-thirds more. It
is a very fine office. It would be a
fine one anywhere.
Some Company Store
The company store is two stories in
height, is 100x150 feet. It has a base-
OF FOUR"
LINE-2)4 MILES LONG.
ft
went uuder all. All its shelving is
?lass eovered. everything bPing un
der glass. It has six refrigerating
rooms. While we were there they
had just finished putting a car load of
beef into the beef storage room. It
was run in on overhead trackage and
was as complete as any storage plant
you ever saw. Five other storaae
rooms were for various kinds of per
ishable thiirus. There is a five-ton ice
plant in operation and this will profi
tably soon be doubled in capacity. The
if iiiiifis are 20 feet. They have their
own bake ovens and were selling a
H-ounce loaf of bread for lo cents and
were arranging to bake a 2i-ounce
loaf for the same price. In the base
ment, where all the flour, feed, pota
toes and heavy stuff is stored, they
have an automatic scales with a four
foot dial.
The Ladies Not Forgotten
On the second floor and projecting
over the main entrance, they have a
rest room for the ladies, a beaut if i J
roomy room finished in oak, with
plate glass windows, with handsome
tittinss and furniture that Marshall
Field presents no better, a wonderful
room that would be wonderful iu Bos
ton or New York, and it looks splen
did in Tyrone.
Goes After Business
The store has three solicitors who
iare out after trade constantly. It has
j four bis motor trucks, and a lightning
I change carrying system, the very lat-
est and most efficient. It has a dem
onstrating room closed off from the
I rest of the floor by heavy plate glass
I in which the ladies may see how rook-
ing is done, taste jellies, or hear
j phonograph records, etc. This store
' is completely stocked with every
I thing and with goods of the best
! brands. Mr. J. K. Kvans is the man-
ager and he made a great reputation
' in his vocation before coming here.
i
j Hear About the Punch
I It is said to be good to have the
! punch.. When this store was opened
j the management gave two parties,
j one to the Americans and the other
i to the Mexicans. " People came from
i all over thata section. Many from
i Arizona, because Arizona is dry! At
the American" party there were S.ri6
! people on the floor at one time. There
, were 130 gallons of punch served.
I barrels of it. More than 3.00ti sand-
withes were also served, to say noth-
ing of many other things good to eat
land to drink. The Mexican party was
! about as large as the American, and
; later in this prticle we will tell you
i why. This store building cost when
: labor and material were low. $170,000
; And this in Tyrone, where two years
i ago about the greatest noise industri
: ally was the braying of a few lone
br.rros. That would be a pretty good
store in any man's town. Automatic
sprinkler system in this store, too.
Where Ishpeming Can Take Notice
Tyrone has a new hospital, hollow
ti'e construction, enforced by con
crete, of Spanish type of architecture
It is presided over by Or. Lucien L.
Miner, who kindly showed us through '
; 'he building. A good hospital is im-
lortant in Tyrone. It is equally ini
' portant in Ishpeming. or in any other ! '
1 mining town. It is of modern design. !
equipped thoroughly with particular S
, -mention paid to sanitary' and antisep- j
'ic features. It has private rooms.'
rooms for men and women and babies ;
It has wards for general purposes, op-1
' "-ating rooms, dressing rooms, x-ray
rooms, sterilizing rooms, laundry. :
kitchen, everything needed for giving ;
the best care to the patients. It cost ;
$75.'00 and is worth it to that com- j
' muiiity.
Many Houses for Employes
The company has constructed ISO
hollow- tile and concrete houses for
employes, these being of modest di- ,
, mensions. and lias nnisneu nrieen
i houses of much better design for its
1 Americans. Another lot of sixteen :
Imuses of the lattr class is well on
: towards completion, these being (if
Spanish type, very pretty ami very
comfortable and particularly well
adapted to this climati-. The Ameri
can houses, so-called, cost approxi
mately $100,000. They are electric
lighted, have baths, running water,
and everything convenient.
Son?e Other New Buildings
There's n depot going up that will
cost $2.".0(I0. a postoffice started that
will cost more, and there's a splendid
school building just completed p.t a
cost of $0.iioo. A bank building is
to be constructed at a cost of $40,000.
and a club house will be built osting
$i;0.0ihi. With the latter the entire
cost of buildings, including the mine
office, will very closely aproach $1.
himi.ocO. For the information concern
ing tin- buildings we are tinder many
obligations to Mr. John Wood, engi
neer tncharge . and under still more
for his bed and room, which he kind
ly turned over to us during our stay.
Mr. tVood is locally known as "ljrd
;oorge." be having figured prominent
ly in engineering enterprises for Kng
IimuI and was for many years asso
ciated wi'n army work in India and
other places. He is a scholarly gen
tleman and wll up in his profession.
He has about t n thousand things to
look alter and he appears to he direct
ng everything in a most business-like
manner.
Have Good Roads
Tyrone has built about live miles of
new toad in and about the town in
th: last two years.. There is plenty
nf material lor it in the v ashes, a
el iv well filled with gravel that packs
urickly .and wears well. The town
has its H'liial Teatuies ami a movie
I'i 'Mlie liimse.
Mineral Further I'p the Mountain
About elrhl miles from 'Ijr'uie and
iip tl'i- ii'niil tin. ;t ;iii .i.' l u.'i "1
about 7000 feet, there are several
I mineral prospects one oi which has
commanded some attention. Tnis :
known as the Austin-Amazon where
la few leasers took out fHO.ouo worth
j'jf copper last December, a very good
I month's work. The mine is a small
jone and the company has given it a
rather bouutilul supply or snares in
the retwnt capitalization. Just what
tile property will develop at greater
depth remains to be seen. Some very
rich copper, including some native, has
been taken from the property.
New One Organized
The Tyrone New Mexico Copper
fields is the title jf a company lormeil
during the time of our visit. Tts of
ficers are 11. E. Hodgson, president:
John Wood, vice president; S. H.
Casey, secretary; the bank of Tyrone,
treasurer. The company has a block
of twenty claims next adjoining the
Austin-Amazon, and will commerce
i at once to d exploring work. There
'is, a tunnel SO feet long on one of the
claims and this may be extended.
There is a chance for finding copper
land the company is taking it.
Something Doing In Walnuts
j While at Tyrone we met a distin
i guished looking gentleman from the
far east whose mission was to C
soinething in improving the walnut
crop of the Tyrone district. Wal
nuts grow wild in the valleys, or
j washes here, and the nuts are rathet
! insignificant. It is the plan to graft
' perfectly tine walnut stock onto the
j wild, so that instead of the w ild nuts
the cultivated, better kini: will result.
1 tne w ild stock being particularly -w ell
! adapted l'.ir bearing the better wood.
! This is true of cherries in the Lake
i Superior country, the wild young trees
'. being the very best for grafting, us
ing shoots from cultivated, or "tame."
; trees. So, in a year there will be fine
walnuts to be picked in this Tyrone
district, as the grafting is to go on
forthwith. Walnuts grow wild in many
places in New Mexic'J an .-.i;zona.
. "Nogales" means 'walnuts." they
growing along the border near that
town.
Went Home In Good Time
On our homeward trip to liishee
from Tyrone the big car was sent over
the distance in six hours and fifty-five
minutes and it is ottr bpin.'Jn that this
will stand for some time. There ap
peared to be no motor cops along the
, way. Tyrone is a model camp, the re
sult of great faith, much money and
considerable philanthropy. I'ndoubt
edly the expenditure is wise in that
1 latfjr can easily be secured and held,
important in these times and in such
out-of-the-way locations.
.i
Rheumatic Pains Relieved
"I have used Chamberlain's Lini
ment for pains. in the chest and lame
ness of the shoulders due to rh''iiia
tism, iUiU am pleased to say that. it
i has never failed te give m; prompt
1 relief." writes Mrs. S.. X. Finch, Ea
tav ia, X. Y. AdverttBument - ' ' I
REVIEW WANT ADS
'. BRING RESULTS
f otXZl T,iL"5Wr'.Vi7i-7-"
y x.- -' w
l
frs -a- 5
heci.uao oi :'e i creased cost or the
hi5"i-ruce v.joitrit-.; i useo in the manu
fciccui'd or lviaxweli .Tlotor Car3
aid oecacwi the r iicy or the Maxvell
Company win not permit of cheapening
its product
JWe-r3 tne 7,r ce of. the Maxwell
win be slihiiy increased as follows:
Touring Car, frf
Roadster -
il l.l.tos. I
Luy YOUk Mwoi
$350 Cash bal
STEWA
LOWELL, ARIZOf
Motor
ifir
Big Jerome Property Is Send-i
ing Its Development Work
Ahead Very Rapidly.
JKItOMF. April I'l. Conditions j
show little chang" at the Calumet & j
Jerome. The shaft is dow n about 3i0 j
feet and is still in the lava. Steady j
.irouress is being made in sinking. ;
following his last inspection of the
0. - J.. made about two weeks ago. j
ftenjaiiiin Gillies, engineer for the ;
Lew issohns. made the most favorable
report that he has yet written on that
property. He said in part:
"The shaft is now being sunk in
the lava rock. Inasmuch as the
plane of the great fault (litis to the
cast, of rather northeast, at an aver
age angle of 65 degrees from the hor i
izontal. it is certain that sooner or .
lated the shaft will pass through the I
lava and into the fault plane. In fact, j
the broken and brecciated condition ;
of the'lava in the bottom of the shaft .
indicates that the fault will soon be ;
reached. Having passed through the
fanlt. it is certain that the shaft will
be in the Yavapai schist, which for
mation carries the known ore bodies :
of the Verde district. Without doubt
the Calumet A.- Jerome Copper com
pany is sufficiently well equipped to
carry on the rather extensive pros
pecting campaign which they have in
mind."
ROME BUYS LUXURIES
MORE THAN DURING PEACE
KOMK. April ...Neither the high
prices of war time nor itie pairloiic
appeals to limit expenses have mater
ially affected the total food consump
tion of the city's population, accord
ing to figures compiled by Alberto
Mancini. chief of the bureau jf statis
tics of the city of Rome.
In his investigation he found i hat.
while less emat bad been eaten, there
had been a decided increase 'n the
purchase of luxuries, particularly can
dies, cakes, perfumes and also in cof
fee tea, cocoa and milk. He stated
that the excess of female population
is supposed to be responsible tor the
unusual use of tnose articles.
K'jmo's wine bill has jumped from
$4.0u0.00u, to OK.fjiiO.Ooo.Oon a year, ac
cording to Signor Macini. all hough the
consumption for the past year was 5.
iioo.OOO gallons less than in 1911 when
it was 17.0uii.000 gallons.
The consumption of beer has. despite
an Increase in price, increased by 70:!.
"10 gullons yearly ovi r i'JU. when it
was but l.iJ.SKtt sailor..-.
The consumption of meat l.as de
creased by two-thirds.
"Fi'jiii these figures it will be seen."
onciuded Signor Mancini. "that fru
gality is a lost virtue or else practiced
without enthousiasm in war time."
rrr " nrz : v5ri
- :.-., .
It v !
j -T V
i Si?
m $535 to $66i
rn 620 to 650
. Ij IKlfilH
bsfor- MA V FIRST
nee $50.00 per month.
RT GRANT,
A. PHONE 249
Cars
THE
"IONIC"
j HOWARD
We have a limited stock
of the Ionic Howard, and
you should act quickly iCyou
would purchase this distin
guished Howard model at
its remarkably low price.
l2-ize Extra.thin. Open Face,
Plain Polished 1 7 jewel only, cued
L L GILMAN
TT enderson will try and
11
please you,
Watkins, he
helns too.
j
umber has gone up
a little as
Usual as other
things has,
Tlf ighty good
ighty good
time to buy
B
E
R
C
O
efore things
get so high
ach month you put off
building that home you
un a risk of
having; none
ome let us
talk to you,
Ison may offer some
suggestions too.
PHONE 16
In Peace or War Your Teeth Need
Attention!
dr. teufert
Sanitary Dental Office
Maze Building
I BISBEE-DOUGLAS STAGE
WINTON SIX
Travel irj luxury roomy, comfortable cars; careful, courteous drivers.
Leave Copper Queen Hotel, Bisbee and Gadsden Hotel Douglas on Ui
hour commencing eight A. M. daily, via Lovell and Warren. Arrange
ments may be made for private parties and special trips.
MOTOR TRANSIT CO.
lione, Uisbee 9!
Auto Painting
M. CURRAN, OLD MASON BUILDING, LOWELL.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everythine at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Alo $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month. $40;
$10 by the week. -
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber 6t Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
llilii
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL MARKS. Mjr. LOWELL
DEMONSTRATION
. OF
leech
.Hi
Products
AT OUR STORE ALL
THIS WEEK
J. B. Angius
PURE FOOD GROCERY
PHONE 29
EY E N ERVE GLASSES
Permanently located
lo Blebee, excepi
Mondays in fionctea.
Room 1. TUaz
Building.
OR. R. GLAZE, Neurolofllat
Phn 13.
Raaidtnc Phone, Stack 420.
O. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING Ca
Robert Heneucy, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Reapcctfully Solicit Vaur
PatronafO
PHONE 58 ,
HEINO&KEANE
Cleaning, Pressing and Re
pairing $1.25 a Suit
Suits from $25 to $55.
All work done on the premises
by Union Tailors.
' Phone 677, Johnson Addition.
We are paying the highest
f prices for hides at present.
Write
! ARIZONA JUNK CO.
Lowell, Arizona or Phone 690
; Our Want Adds Bring Results
Thone? Douglas Hi
EVEN FOR SCAFFOLDING
you treed good iHiunj lumber, tt
has got to be afe or you tuny
have a damage iuit on yoar
hands. Our gpruce and horn- .
loek scaffolding ts as carefully
Hflertrd our Bnlshrd Iiinilwr.
If it is put up ru;'it. it ill stay
up. And no weight you ran put
on it lll break it do. ." - y
Company, inc
CAR STOP. PHOKt C. THE BISREE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 22, 1917.
THREE
! J'tincess 1 ijis to
igerie drosses are
wear under lin
imide of pink or-
gnndie.
(
Every woman knows how much
peace of mind and enjoyment comes
with the knowledge that her lint is
becoming and appropriate. In choos
ing a white hat one can always he
sure of its being appropriate if the
style is suited to one's particular
type.
in:2 fherese tttvault Will Give ChzvxrAivj Interpretation
SOCIAL CALENDAR
Y. W. 0. A. Bible riass. Monday
1:30 p. m.
Twentieth Century Club, Tuesday,
April 24, Y.: M. C. A.
Educational and Literary depart
ment. Twentieth Century Club, Tues
day. April 24, Y.'W. C. A.
Twentieth Century Club Musicale
Tuesday evening, April -24. Y. M. C.
A. gymnasium.
An enjoyable eveninsr was passed at
the home of Mr. and Mrs. Rrvan of
Warren, when a few friends gathered
to honsr MrHobbs of Hay. who la
here jiitfnr M'r; sis'. ,rs- K-
Holt. ,va!ie ,'wus enjoyefl alter wiucn
daintv refiesbjiien'ts ' w'ere
j
'I U . ;
Mrs. Nelson and Mrs. Fruell carried
awav favors for high score.
Mrs. Jesse Allen left today for the
Coast for a visit.
-'-
Miss Julia Wartenberg, sister of
the rate Matt Wartenberg, KlU Tues
day for her horn? in Los Angelen af
ter a visit with Miss Myrtle Arhorn.
Members of the Civics Department !
of the Twentieth Century Club enter
tained their friends Tuesday after
noon with the following program:
Ptar Singled Banner, by dub.,
n-ading. by Rex Anderson: Piano bo-
lo by Emma Spaulding: Address by ;
n n t . y .2 :
Mrs. J. F. 1
nr. c. r. na., ru.... ...
Teufert: oca! boio. Juamta Mmpson
Read;ne. Silvia Carro. A play enti-j
tied "Visiting" by Silvia Carro. Kdith -
Cobb and James Parrish was much
enjoyed. Punch and cake were served
to about fifty members and guests.
Mrs. William Appleyard and family
have gone to Grace Harbor. Washing
ton, to make their home.
-
At The Bergquist Home.
Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Bergquist. Qual
ity Hill, enwrtained last Monday
evening in honor of tlveir son's birth
day. Ice cream' and cake were serv
ed to a number of guests.
S ' .
Mr. and Mrs. William Graham of
Toml-joue canyon left last Monday
for Los Angeles and the coast.
Professor PhilbroOk. superintendent
of schools.-has gone to Murietta Hot
Springs for bis health.'
T)..HrnA n-iil o-ifa o lsttira sin.-!
,,v ..... - . ---
demonstration of the quality of milk I
Tuesday afternoon at two o clock at
the .-;M. C. A. banquet room, to the
Twentieth Century Club. The War-
,ru .wi. vr..
invitjjd to this meeting and all others j
who're- interested in this subject.
Mfc. Billy Brakefield and Mrs. Har-
The Crown of
Womanhood
Uncared for hair cannot be beau
tiful There is no part of the human
makeup so revengeful as the hair.
It qries out: Look at me, care for
me, or I will disgrace you! Treat
me 'with consideration and I will be
a glory to you. " -
VUrT the"?hove words, Lillian
Rursell, an unquestioned authority
on femir.ine attractiveness, places no
uncertain value on nice hair as a
beauty asset. Unkempt, uncared for
haiS" not only cannot be attractive
but is actually a disgrace.
But why have ill-kept, untidy hair?
Ey devoting a few moments regular
ly to brushing and intelligent appli
cation of NEWiSRO S I1ERPICIDE,
the hair may be made to yield won
derful returns in increased personal
charm.
Dandruff is the direct cause of
more hair trouble than an ytliin elie.
The hair becomes thin, hars.li, un
even and falls out in quantities. It
looks dead and lifele-u; there is no
luster . The scalp itches.
rtERPICiUE will remove thed.-.n-dni'f
which i.-i causinpall the trouble,
clean the scalp, spve the hair life,
sr.ap and luxuriance. The hair stops,
cotpin out, the itching ceases al
Post at once anJ withal there is a
nst gratifying scne of cleanlinesti.
To the woman who wishes to
m:il:e the must of nature's gifts by
having tliiil'v, liep-itiful hair, NEVV
DRO S iiEIU'lCIDE is a toilet
necessity. It is exouisitely tier
fumed and is a delightful hair
dressing.
la 50c and St. 00 sizes. At drug;
tores and toilet fcjads counters
everywhere -m Guaranteed by I he
fterpif idc C .
Applications at the belter td--bcr
Shops ftd hair-Drcssins Parlors.
Send 1 0 cents (or sample botiic and
boo.: t to The llcrpicidc Co., Dept. S,
Detroit, Mich.
it si f
New Spring Styles,
For one to dress in harmony with
the seasons does not necessarily mean
j to spend a great lot of money. Not
i at all. It means the wise expenditure
I of one's allowance, exercise of good
i judgment, and an understanding
I one's good and bad points.
Of
The Chinese Mouse is
newest thing in blouses.
quite the
At first
glance it looks like a bov-coat. Till
with a plain skirt makes a -omilet
costume for the street. It lias all Vif
the good points of the comfortable
sports type of dress. If one does not
like the loose blouse one etin use a
, . i. 11. .,u : . T-1- l
imiuik ?usn or hih wiiii ii. 1 1 1 Scts'i
gives it the look of the peplum blouse
and is good style, hut the loose Chin
ese blouse is even newer. It slips on
over the head and the new bell sleeves
will be very popular for their comfort
this summer.
j ry Sealey and daughters, Margaret
and Charlotte have taken a bungalow
'at Venice. California. They left last
i Thursday for the coast to pass the
summer.
Bishop J. S. Merrill of St. David
was in Bisbee visiting his sons.
irs. O. P. McBae and Mrs. Leonard
Vam.p W evening to
,, ctn.inna tnr fhar
brotnpr nave Suillsbury who
was
; kmed ,n E, pasQ TuMdav
iRyan Re(jnion
; Mp and Mfs j c Ryan
( their thirty.flftn weauin, an.
niversary with a family reunion on
Thursday night at Warren at ithe of
i Mr. and Mrs. Jas. P. Tracy,, j Mrs.
Tracy is a sister of Mrs. Kyan. Thir
' ty guests were present, among them
' six sons, seven grand children, and a
number of relatives and friends.
Country Club Dance.
I The members of the Warren Dis-
trict Country Club gave an informal
j dance in the club house Saturday
evening. v
i
A marriage license was issued last
Thursday to Miss Dorothy Goldswor
i thy and Leo Grooms. The bride-to-be
I is a daughter of Mrs. Finlayson of
Lowell and was a successful candi
i date in the Review's contest recently
I Mr. Grooms is connected with the
c QuPen hospital staff
"
Born to Air. and Mrs. William C:;r
rett of Tombstone Canyon, a da-j.i;h-ter,
Monday, April 16. Mr. Garrett it.
employed by the C. and A
1 Luncheon.
Mrs. Charles P. Lloyd and Mrs.
bert Sheetz entertained with a
cheon Friday at the home of thi
1::
( r-
, mer on Quality hilL The lall.j was
j decorated with scarlet carnations the
jcolor scheme being red and" white
j Place cards had tiny flags held with
' gold pins. A six course luncheon was
' served, covers being laid for Mes
t dames C. C. Mitchell, L. L. Houston,
jj. P. Hodgson, Miss Katherine Hipp
i and the hostess.
! Birthday Party. i
I Mr. and Mrs. R.- L. Livingston gave
a party for their son, Rupert at their
j home in I'pper Tombstone canyon
I on Tuesday evening this being his
twenty-fifth birthday. The evening
was enjoyed at old-fashioned games
and music.
The Iierean Bible class of the Bap-
1 tist churc hheld a social at the home
of M. E. Morgan. A large number re
sponded to invitations and all passed ;
a pleasant evening.
!
Baptist Aid Meets.
Mrs. O. W. Harshaw f ntertained the
1 P.aplibt Aid last Thursday afternoon.
1 Conversation and sewing pleasantly
j passed the time. Refreshments of
brick ice cream, cake and after dinner
: mints were served to a number of
guests.
Mr. A. Winwood has been visiting
his siFters, Mrs. Shedan and Mrs. Win
wood of Winwood addition. He left
Friday evening for Butte City, Mon
tana.
I A charming patriotic tea was given
Wednesday afternoon by Mrs. Ridgely
j H'ooper and Mrs. Menry Landes at the
Home of the former. Decorations
were small red. white and blue para
! sols suspended from the chanweliers
;and filled with flowers which alr.o car
ried out the color scheme, the flowers
being white Sweet Peas, Calla Lilies,
Blue Iris and Red Carnations, with
festoons of Smilax.
A cut glass basket filled with flow
ers and tied with red, white and blue
tulle made a pretty centerpiece for the
table. Refreshments of sandwiches,
brick ice cream, cliffee and after din
ner mints were served, the patriotic
colors predominating. Mrs. Houston
and Mrs. Barkell presided at the tea
table. Assisting in the dining room
were Mrs. Chas. McKean. Mrs. E. C,.
Rufl'ner, Mrs. -P. Jones, and Mrs. Harry
Lavender.
In the receiving line with j
tbe hostess were Miss Wilms Pond,
Mrs. Carl Weyard and Mrs. C. S. Hopper.
Fabrics and Colors
Wool embroidery is the only trim
ming of some of the organdie frocks.
There are sport sets which include
the hat. sport coat, and stick with a
j bag. A smart set includes a harm
ing mil;' hat made 01 ratlin, tnmmel
with a sort nf embroidery made with
-''anus and medallions of sued.-. The
I sport coat is . made of rough KhuVi
material trimmed around the pockets
with the same embroidery. A stick
and a bag are of the same trimming.
The stick is a full length walking
cane with a draw string bag midway.
The stick goes through the . bag,
which is closed by drawing it up to
the stick with a string.
The little woman once added to her
height by the selection of tall trim
mings on her hats. Now the hats
themselves know no height limita
tions, and lucky indeed is the woman
to whom a tall close fitting hat is
becoming. But then there is a hat
for every woman this season.
4 i r .ut,
crepe smocked, finished with pointed
pockets and a black silk tie.
The new house dresses are named
"Billie Burke" and are as pretty and
dainty as the popular actress herself.
There dresses are of gingham and
crepe, in both plain and contrasting
colors.
I The new spring and summer coats
: for little folks come in prettv bright
cuiors in mik popuns. cuecKs, wool
flannels and basket weaves.
Many of the coats for young people
have white organdy or georpcttn
crepe collars and cuffs.
Biscuit color tacfeases in favor.
Charming afternoon frocks are shown
in this color, made of sheer materials,
braided, somo' simply, others more
elaborately in the self tone.
Braclet handbags are quite the new
est and smartest bags imaginable,
they are made of silk poplin shirred
on a silver frame with a braclet to
slip on over the hand.
New fibre sweaters silk looking, in
Copenhagen, rose green, yellow and
two-toned effects are much in evi
dence, and promise to be very popular
this season.
T!ie wool velours are beautiful soft
fabrics of the correct weight for sum
mer suits and coasts. The most de
sirable shades are tan, green, sage,
wild, rose, blue spruce and raspberry.
The -last word in fashions circles
is military, not only in motor coats,
hcts. gloves and even shoes is this
touch evident but even the little toilet
accessories display just a touch.
Why not wear gingham for after
noon and calling? It seems as if the
: r;w ginghams are to be a rival of the
silks this season. They arw coming
into a prominence never attained be
fore. '
Avoid Oily Skin
and Shiny Nose
A new and effective treatment
for riilv anrl fl-.Mvi 1
cently been perfected.
The use of astringent cream at night
and astringent lotion during the day will
remove the oily appearance and improve
: T' r'ccuemonstra-
tion and explanation of treatment at
McDonald's Marinello Shop Phone 309
SEEMS EVERYONE
HEARD ABOUT IT
All want to try new drug that
dries up corns so they
lift out
Good news spreads rapidly and drug
gists here are kept busy dispensing
freezone, the recently discovery )f a :
Cincinnati man, which is said to loosen
any corn so it lifts with the fingers. ;
A quarter of an ounce costs very lit
tle at any pharmacy, but is said to be
sufficient to rid one's feet of every
hard or soft corn or callus.
Vju apply just a few drops on the '
tender, achins corn and instantly the
soreness is relieved, and soon the corn
Is so shriveled that it lifts out with- j
out pain. It is a sticky substance j
which dries when applied and never
inflames or even irritates the adjoin- .
Ing tissue. i
This discovery will prevent thou !
sands of deaths annually from lockjaw 1
and infection heretofore resulting frbru
the suicidal hahit of cutting corns.
(Advertisement)
A sleeveless blazier sweater of silk
is quite the thing for wear on the
tennis court.
The "fair one's" summer wardrobe
will be incomplete without a few pret
ty gingham dresses. These, simply
made, with white collar and cuffs are
quaintly demute.
Transparent crowns are pretty and
summery for afternoon wear. .
The spring.- coats, wraps and cape
are particularly appealing this season,
every model having an individuality of
its own. The materia! and colors
are fascinating and the embroidery
which appears on many of the gar
ments Is not only newer but more dis
tinctive. AJO CORNELIA !
COPPER COMPANY!
Is located three quarters of a mile
southeast or the big new Cornelia
mine at Ajo, and joins the Ajo Con-
solidated which have developed by:
'diamond drills some 30.000.000 tons
i of commercial ore. This ore hod v
:can easily be seen, on the surface, to i
extend over the Ajo Cornelia property perience in mining. E. B. Schockly,
which consists of 13 full mining claims ' Contractor and builder. I. L. tirenin
and a fraction. ' ger. superintendent Inspiration mines;
The surface showing -on this prop-j-J. B. Johnson, ex-superintendent Naeo
erty is by far one of the best in theizari Copper Company, Mexico, and J.
district, and the ore body is now be-; IX Elirott, professor of schools. Stock
ing blocked out by the same diamord j for sale at nor. If you know a rood
drill concern that developed the ore
uouy on me ajo onsouuuieu ; ;n re-
FOUR WEEKS
IN HOSPITAL
No Relief Mrs. Brown Fin
ally Cured by Lydia E. :
Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound.
Cleveland, Ohio. "For years I suf
fered so sometimes it seemed as though
1 could not stand
it any longer. I ft
was all in my lower
orjjans. At times I
cou!J hcrtily walk,
for ix I stepped on a
Jjttlc stone I would
clraost faint. Onj
day I did faint and
my husband was
sent for and the doc
tor came. I was ta
ken to the hospital
'.nd stayed four v?ee!-.s but when I came
ome I would faint just the same said
:ad the san-.o pains.
A iiicr.d v.ho iJ c aurc nd:ed rr.e to
'.rj Lyi'ia E. Pi.V.-.hnm's Vcj-c tabic Ccm
'lou'ad. I .'-tTan ii:ir. it that very day
for I was suiTorin rrozt deal. It hat
tiready done r.vi nxro rjood than the
hosoital. To cr.ycne who is suffering
s? I v.-as rr-7 j.c'.vLe is t3 stop in the first
(Imp-sure a.I f.ta bottle cf Lydia E.
IMiikh&i.-.'s V. c' tble Compound before
r ro horre." Mrs. V. C. BitO'a'N,
2844 W. lfth lit., Cleveland, Ohio.
HI
An Invitation To losoe
" ANGLIRON5' '!
1 H MMaattaaB-mwMw
V
'reliable t."Jiwi; y
A5 RANOf
! the ni-iH-aran-e of Af Tl.er
t int.-ii.ni,!. this -niiiiecr. !::....
n.tf...- . ' entire .!,..
'''""',' "f "" '"''' :'
blt' j.Ia.v Mi. s I ;it ;i 1 1 1 1 i- I .el i:':.i
suits horn diamond drilling will i.e
made known here ft'om time to live.
Ajo Cornelia Copper Company is
capitalized for $1,500,000. par ?l-' and
! was organized at .Miami. Arizona, D
Ed J. Giant who has had years of tx-
City Eye Specialists Tell How To
Strengthen Eyesight 50 In a
. Week's Time In Many .Instances
A Frit Vrcxfiption Ton Can Have
J. illcu and lc it Home.
Boston. M::ss. Victims of eye strain
and other cje wt;tknessc.-. and Iho.'e
who tti-ur ptiu-ses. will l.e lad to xn.v
thut i.ctors and h.ye Siiei-i.ilists nw
afrree there is real hope and help f..r
them. Many whose t-y.-s were failing
Fay they have had their ey.s reftorert
and many who once wore glasses say
they have thrown them away. One
man says, after usimr it: 'I was al
most blind. Could not see to read at
all. Now I can read everything with
out my elassyu, and my eyes do net
hurt any more. At night they would
pain dreadfully. Knw they feel fine ail
the tnj'o. It was like a miracle to me."
A l:Jy who uned it says: "The atino?.
(there seemed b.izy with t.r Without
iMa.s.-es, hut after usintr this piescrio-
tmn for tifteen days everythinir s.-erna
I'lear. 1 can reatl even tine prmc witn
out feh.sst." Anther who used it
Bays: "I was bothered with eye stT.i'1
caused hy oerworkel. tired eyes whiLU
iniiueed fierce headaches. I have wo;
rh'-sses for sevt ral years, both for i'ih-Taii'-e
and work, and without them X
Lo'.ild noL re;.ti my own n:4rne a r. i
envelope tr the typewriting on t :
naehine before rr.e. i can do both now,
and have discarded my long" distance
irlasHen altopt-th.-r. 1 can count the
hutterinrr h-aves on the trees across Ihe
Ftreet new. which f.r several yea--,
have looked like :i dire -r.-t 11 hl;;r :.
iue. 1 cannot exTc-.'.-.s iny j-.y at '.. lu.t
ii has done l'..r n e.'
It ih believed t':-it thous::ro'H who
Wear jrlas: ea c.:n 11. .v .1 isi-.ml them n
r. reasonable lime, ami multitudes mo:-
Wiil be ai.ie lo St reril; I lie'l their ev- s
so as to be spared the troubhj and iu
pense of ever tetlint; Kia.-st-M.
lr. Heck, an eye specialist of pearly
twenty years practice. s:iys: ". paui:t
i-anie to me who was .sunYriri fror.i
Blepharitis J!arKin:ilid with ;.U !:
concomitant vtr.iiloms, as imuT'e.r
agglutination vl llie liv's. chronic
a.
Line of Reliable
GAS RANGES
We will be particularly pleased to have you call rl our store and
look over the handsome gas ranges just received.
Our stock of gas ranges embraces those embodying the latest labor
saving conveniences.
From the standpoint of convenience and economy, the Reliable line
is of superiative merit. Most of the cabinets are provided with auto
matic self lighters, porcelain splasher backs and trays, making clean
ing easy. All have rust proof oven linings.
If you are not at present enjoying the convenience of gas for cooking,
by all means see these appliances, and ask us to estimate the cost of
piping to connect your home with our mains.
v A 'T.
I . it. ; , , '., . : . -;; ,i- ..
: .it ' : n . ; ... :l- ' T
; !:,; .:. , .. . .,.,.;.,.
C;- ; i s. t.-.-,, .:-. , a
- ...
tiling when you Pee it here is your
chance.
Suhscribtions fcr stofk will be tak
en by W. K. Holm at Bisbee A'o Cop
per Company, nlfii e phone 71". Be-j
member drilling i.; now in progress, if i
ore is struck this stock will be at a j
premium at J.'.ii". "I'h'.me voit or-ler j
now. Ad, i
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING QUICK RESULTS
I
junctivitis nnrl ephiphr.ra. Kcr eyes
when not contested had the dull, suf
fused expression common to such cases.
Having run out 'f her medicine a
friend siikfiestcd lion-Cpto. Sue used
this treatment and not only overcame
her distressing- condition, but strange
and amazing ns It may seni, so
strength! ned her eyesiclit that she was
aoie to m.-iM-nse witi hr distance
glasses and Her headache and neuralKia
iett her. In tins instance 1 sl.ouid say
ner eyesiirni was improved iiki-:.. -I
have 8iiic-o vorilied the ctlieaey of this
treatment in a number ct cases ami
have seen the cye.niflit improve f;em
'5 to 7j per c. nt in a remarkably short
time. I caa s:i- it works more iiuiekiy
than any 0M1
:ieoy 1 nave pre.
scribed lor tao ev
Pr. S?v::h, .iti ::
er.ee. - i : ,
msi'ihi "
: :.".i'..r-t cf w ido eTpori
' .VI- treated 111 private
.' "' Si r "ii.; no: 11:. 'm .0
. .to ami am able to
t-ry 111 both acute
. . ..ii'. 11. c:.;i e to 11 y
.an ir:i'.-i.-il e
w. . so Serious til.lt 1-11
ti'.tcK ..tieti s-ennd 1 1 : .
r i sorting tf the
oeli :. J pre t i ihed F.:i-hu-s
t o- secrete-n hd
disci':-
repo.-:
a:id c.
.;era: .ve
plo : 1. i
less.; lieu.
in.:r.t.rv si i iiittnis be
Kan to sub.. I
an. t in seven il.ivs t-e
was cured
vision. .m
I ti-l t i-tl .
- d t::e su
: . i. v c t
etl. l ,v., r'
III I
ret. I ill
It:; lio.
extren.c t;- i-;v:)
hy ' i
JTI.lt
1.
t
:i-t'i
:i i.i.-i
.K"
:ipiiy .t !i
;.rrt . i.ots .
.or :'s tie.
ia- V.-j 1:.:
.1 ic:i::-
'.Sioll MS I .
the nun.Lo
! r. 1 '..rdie
bad cei.Ji'
Our
improve
- - . . ir.
6?
' - ...... r -v-:0. :j!
,:.-.r.v..ti, urt. e-, t' EltW-n WVf.
Ml--. !.uvu.''i'h .v,.,
. I :- , i..n,,",
, ... ,- -,,,!.,.,;., : f ,i.i. r...-
Some Good Advice
"Don't think too much of your own
methods. Watch other people's ways
and learn from them." This is good
advice, especially when bilious or con
st'pated. You will find many people
who use Chamberlain's Tablets for
these ailments with the best results,
and wi'l do well to follow their exam
ple. Advertisement.
strain aririnir from protracted micro
scopical res-arch work. l:on-opto usel
acc-rduir to directioni rendered a sur
priinir servic. 1 found my eyea re-'
tnarkahly strengthened, so roueh so I
have put aside m- k lasses without dis
comfort. Several of uiy celleaiciies have
also used it and we are aitreJ an to)
its results. In a few das, under my
observation, the eyes of an a tinman,:
case weie so improved that g.a.-se
have been discarded by the pat eni."
Kye troubles of many .descriptions
may be wonderfully benefited hr the
use of Bon-opto and if you want t.
strengthen your eyes, go to any drui;
store and Ket a le.ltle of Hon-c'pio
tablets. Drop one '.n-Opto tablet in
a fiiir th of a kUss of water and let n
dissi.i' e. With thL liquid b.itlio "1,
ey-s two to f..ir timefl daily. T n
should notice your eyes clear up per
ptil.lv ri'tht from the Etarf. and in
flammation and redness will quick!?
uisapiitar. li your eyes bother you
even a littl" it is your duty to tike
steps to s:iv thtm now before it w
too late. M.iny hopelessly blind miphl
have saved tueir fight If they had care-4,
for their eyes in tone.
N"te: A cur piiyHii-!un to vbora th abow
rti.- e wa ul'mllteil. -tit: "TeKofi-'H'l"
a ri TTi irlu.hie rri remedy. It- ':tm-Bt ia
!:ri (Ji.-ntM vrv e(l kiM.ira .... nt ry ie-e..;'i-t
nn.l wi.Vr priirtN-il h.- tlM-m. I tTe
iiti! it v.tt sii-resfuJ:x in mT .twn prnrtlee as
ti.-e rti-t Here Rl-aihxl tl-niira itit-.-.i-l:
er ri::-.t z.u-s. I run hi a:y remrm-Bt
1 in f." v! u-Mii. lvatiry. ai 1 iryf. ni.irTlnr.
I 1 .-1- rj. rl U.N. L ;.rr-! Tivioa or
..r e... r,t: 1 i . ! f-.tn etr.!r lo ymok ml.
lil '' :-i "ito i . i ... . r -r .. it.. I. l' enr of the ley fw prp"
11 i- l.nt f- ami j n .,. 1 f. .1 .iui. k. pt on t..nH t.r rwifar
rr.:. r.s. tiic;-r'. , H ,. in ;Ij.n.,t e.ery f ua.1y. Ic-o .to is awe a
1(. ,,n ! ' 't er -t t T-Bitr. It is an
1 lean.-- 1 ,!(,,, :, ;iri-;Mi.Tt.1.in, th .'eraiult h tar prints o
-'t 'l- X I r:1(- ...k:i -. ."he RianQrat-.ur.-r-s imaraotr U ta.
J. .t.-.l . 'Cj j s: ;.t (. ..ji-H! (..r ,-,-nt 111 en.- arek's time
aclll -. Hen e . , ., , r n in,l t'h. .n. y It a dio-
l'1 .'searocd I j Ui a.i UrJii-iiaU t Uiseit, aaeliMbac
e., Wer,. in I e Bisoee Drug Co. and other
. V... ...wt-jl
i
REL5ABLE
GAS RANGES
Go,
iiieei FOUR
THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 22, 1917.
HAULAGE TUNNEL WILL
FACILITATE MOVING
ORE TO EX-SMELTERY
United Verde Extension, Big
Ore Body Will Not Be Tap
ped, At Depth, By Tunnel.
Ore Bins Will Be Objective
JEROME, April 21. For the present
at least, no tunnel will be driven to
tap the United Verde Extension's ore
body at depth. Instead. haulage
tunnel will be driven from the Exten
sion ore bins about a mile southeast,
passing entirely under the lower end
of the Hogback. I
A rail mart will cnrnH from -the Ex
tension smelter, through the tunnel
to a terminus 400 feet directly under
the bins. - '.
The present aerial tramway from
the mine to the ore bins, on the Verde
Tunnel & Smelter railroad about a
mile northeast of the Edith shaft, will
not be disontinued.
Ore will be hoisted through the
Edith shaft and through the new
hoisting shaft which iias already been
started. It will be transporte d"jw-a
to the bins by aerial tram, exactly the
same as at present. From the bins
it will be dropped through the 400
foct shaft directly into the cars and
hauled to the smelter, some four miles
distant.
A start has been made on the shaft
and as soon as it is down 400 feet, the
haulage tunnel will be started. Un
doubtedly it will be driven from both
ends simultaneously. Its lower end
will be a s'.iort distane below the John
M. Sullivan residence, near the Jer-bme-Clarkdale
auto road. Arrange
ments have already been made for
the railrcad right-of-way , from the
tunnel's mouth to the smelter.
Only last week an eWctric trans
mission line was run over from the
transformer house at the Gadsden to
the shaft site. At the time it was
reported that Uie Extension was
IF KIDNEYS AND
6LADUER BOTHER
Take a glass of Salts to flush
out your kidneys and neu
tralize irritating acids.
Kidney and Bladder weakness result
from uric acid, says a noted authority.
The kidneys tilter this acid from the
blood and pass it on to the bladder,
where it often remains to irritate and
inflame, causing a burining. scalding
sensation, or setting up an irritation at
the neck of the Madder, obliging you
to seek relief two or three times dur
ing the night. The sufferer is in con
stant dread, the water passes some
times with a scalding sensation ana
is very profuse; again, there is did
culty in avoiding it.
Bladder weakness, most folks call it,
because they can't control urination.
While it is extremely annoying and
sometimes very painful, this is really
one of the most simple ailments to
overcome. Get about four ounces o
Jad Salts from j'our pharmacist and
take a tablespoonful in a glass or
water before breakfast, continue this
for two -or three days. This will
neutralize the acids in the urine so.
it no longer is a source of irritation
to the bladder and urinary organs
winch then act normally again.
Jad Salts is inexpensive, harmless,
and is made from the acid of grape:-,
and lemon juice, combined with lithia.
and is used by thousands of folks who
are subject to urinary disorders caused
by uric acid irritation. Jad Salts is
splendid for kidneys and causes no bad
effects whatever.
Here you have a pleasant, efferves
cent lithia-water drink, which quickly
relieves bladder trouble.
(Advertisement)
FREE TO
ASTHMA SUFFERERS
A Uew Home Cure That Anyone Can
Use Without Discomfort or Loss
of Time.
We have a new method that cures
Asthma, and we want you to try it at
our expense. No matter whether your
case is of. long standing or recent de
velopment, whether it is present as
occasional or chronic asthma, you
should send for a free trial of Vur
method. No matter in what climate
you live, no matter what your age or
occupation, if you arc troubled with
asthma, our method should relieve you
promptly.
We especially want 10 .send it to
those apparently hopeless cases,
where all forms of inhalers, douches,
opium preparations, fumes, "patent
smokes," etc., have failed. We want
to show everyone at our own-iexpense,
that this new method is designed to
end all diilicult breathing, all wheez
ing", and all those terrible paroxysms
at once for all time.
This free offer is loo important to
neglect a single clay." Write now and
then begin the method at once. Send
no money. Simply mail coupon below.
Do It Today.
FREE ASTHMA COUPON
FRONTIER ASTHMA CO..
Room 17S. Niagara mid Iltidstm
tfts..' Buffalo. N: Y.
Send free trial of your method
to:
Most Effective Remedy
Mother Had Ever Used
DR. CALDWELL'S SYRUP PEPSIN
RELIEVES BABY WHEN OTHER
MEDICINES FAILED.
There is nothing so necessary to a
child's health gnd comfort as regular
ity of the bowels. All children are
especially susceptible to stomach trou-
lle and any overstrain of the Sensitive
organs has a tendency to obstruct eli
mination. This condition is responsi
ble for much of the illness of child
hood.
To relieve constipation a mild laxa
tive should be employed. Cathartics
and purgatives are violent in their ac
tion and should be avoided. Mrs. Al
fred Du Bois, ML Holly, N. J., says
Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is without
doubt the most effective remedy for
constipation she lias ever used and
that it is the only remedy she could
find for her baby. Little Earl was
badly constipated during his first year
and nothing she tried seemed to help
him until she got a bottle of Pr.'Cald
well's Syrup Pepsin. Now he is a
fine, strong, healthy boy, and she
thanks Dr. Caldwell for iL
Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is a
combination of simple laxative herbs
with pepsin, free from opiates or nar
cotic drugs; it acts gently without
about to start on the tunnel proposed
to tap the mine at the 1400-ftt level.
The fact that tie Extension is to
have a haulage tunnel in an entirely
different direction and is continuing
wcrk on its new hoisting shaft, indi
diates that th3 deep tunnel is far in
th future.
CONSTIPATION AND INDIGESTION
These arc twin evils. Persons suf
fering from indigestion are often trou
bled with constipation. Mrs. Robert
Allison, Mattoon, M.. writes that when
she first moved to Mattoon she was
a great sufferer from indigestion and
constipation. F'jod distressed her and
there was a feeling like a heavy
weight pressing on her stomach and
chest. She did not rest well at night,
and felt worn out a good part of the
time. One bottle of Chamberlain's
Tablets corrected this trouble so that
she has since felt like a different per
son. Adv.
!
HE SI L.V E R
STATE
The Story of
MINING
A gripping hutory
of the Cora nock,
Tonopah, Gold field,
Rochester, and
other districts, re-
lating the true story
la
NEVADA
y of the enormous fortunes made in mining in y
Nevada. With this story we witl send a
FREE MAP of the Silver State, showing
location of all the rich mfnjng districts, rail-
R roads, etc Both mailed FREE on request. R
F. G. COX & COMPANY
62S I. W. Heilman Bld. Los Angeles, CaL
Now is the time to buy a
BEACH LOT
$350
$1.00 Down
$1.00 Per Week
10 Off on Excess Payments
No Interest No Taxes.
Seashore Colony Tract, Newport
Beach.
25 choice sand lots; former price,
$500. Gas, water and electricity at
han't. Electric cars through tract;
stf -s on tract. A bona fide op
pc ity to doublo your money
C L. Lancaster, Owner
603 Central Bldg., Los Angeles
Or Newport Beach, Cal.
LOOK!
LOOK!
LOOK!
All clothes made by M.
LevinTailoring Co.,will be
kept in good shape (cleaned
and pressed) for one year
free of charge. We make all
clothe's in our shop. Open
your eyes and look, and get
your clothes made by an
experienced tailor.
Lowell, Ariz Phone 688
NACO, BISBEE, DOUGLAS,
RODEO STAGE
Leaves Naco .... 8:30 a.m.
Leaves Bisbee ... 9:00 a.m..
Leaves Douglas ..10:15 a.m. j
Arr. in Rodeo .... 1 2 : 30 p.m. j
Leaves Rodeo .. 5:00 p.m.
tRuns Same Schedule Back) !
Fare. Nac-o to Kodeo. one j
way, $."; round trip $9.00
Kare Itisbee to Kocleo one
way, $4.50. round trip $.8.00
Fare Ihiuglas to Itoclco, one
way, $3.75, round (rip $U)'r
leaves from Hie Douglas Slate'
Stand on Tuesdays. Thursdays, Sat
urdays and Sundays. Reserve your
scats ahead of time.
I. R. HOGAN
Chalmers Six, TIiouu 132 .
rip ' '
-Of
Earl Du Bois
griping or other discomfort, and ap
peals to children because of its pleas
ant taste. Druggists every where sell
It for fifty cents a bottle, and every
mother should have it in the house
for use whenever toccasion arises.
To avoid imitations and ineffective
substitutes always be sure to ask for
Ir. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin. See that
a facsimile of Dr. Caldwell's signature
and his portrait appear on the yellow
carton in which the bottle is packed.
A trial bottle, free of charge, can be
obtained by writing to Dr. W. B. Cald
vell, 455 Washington St., M'onticello,
Illinois.
CHICHESTER S PIUS
TI'K iIAMMI BRAND. A
-nV A-.lif-fl llMi'KR.Tt'P m
im.'iwum i"a f rn.i.. w ic&
LDPYri?iCC!Sf.sr.f;r,'AMRi:
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE OF SALE OF
SCHOOL
BONDS
! NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN by the
j undersigned Board of Trustees of
School District No. 2. County of C-
ciise. State of Arizona, that sealed
bids will be received by it, on or bc
j fore the fourteenth clay of May. 1317,
at twelve o'clock noon of said day,
; for the purchase of schrAd bonds of
i said district, the h-suance of whim
I was authorized at a School Election
held within said S-hoo! District, on
March 24, 1917.
' The said bonds herein provided to
be sold aggregate One Hundred Thou
sand Dollars ($100.o00.0i). of the de
nomination of One Thousand Dollars
($1,000.00) each, numbered consecu
tively from one (1) to one hundred
I (100). both inclusive, and bearing in
i terest from the date of their issuance
I until maturity'at the rate of five per
centum (5'.J). per annum, payable
semi-annually, in gold coin of the
I'nited States of America, and paya
ble and maturing as follows:
Bonds numbered 1 to 10, inclusive,
payable and maturing in the year 1930.
L'jnds numbered 11 to 30, inclusive,
payable and maturing in the year 1931.
Bonds numbered 31 to 5i, inclusive,
payable and maturing in the year 1932.
Bonds numbered 51 to 70, inclusive,
payable and maturing in the year 1933.
Bonds numbered 71 to 90. inclusive,
payable and maturing in the year 1934.
Bonds numbered 91 to 100. inclusive,
payable and maturing in the year 1935.
Said bonds shall be sold to tha high
est and best responsible bidder for not
less than par. with accrued interest.
All bids for the purchase of raid
bonds shall be accompanied by a cer
tified check for a sum not less than
five, per centum (5'i) 'Jf the total
amount of such bid, for the purpose
of Insuring the? fullfilment of the obli
gation thereof. And if, without legal
excuse, the successful bidder shall lail
to complete the purchase of said bonds
within thirty (30) days after the
award is made, said Board or Trus
tees, at its option, may vacate said
award and readvertise said bonds for
sale, holding such successful bidder
responsible for the costs of resale and
of any loss arising thereon, and the
amount of said certified -heck shall
be available for the costs of said re
sale or any loss arising thereon. Said
certified check shall be returned to
ach unsuccessful bidder. The under
signed Board of School Trustees re
serves the right to reject any and all
bids or parts thereof.
All bids made hereunder shall' be
addressed to John Mason Boss. Pres
ident of the t Board of Trustees or
School Distric t No. 2. Ilishce. Arizona,
in a. 'scaled envelope whic h shall have
marked thereon: "Proposals for Pur
chase of Scli'ml Bonds."
Hy Order of the Hoard of Suporw
sors or Coehise County, State of Ari
zona. JOHN' MASON BOSS.
President.
C. II. HI' NT,
Member.
JOIIX C. E. Kit Y.
Secretary
BOARD OK TRFSTKES. SCHOOL
DISTKKT NO. 2. COCHISE COCN
TY, ARIZONA.
First publication April 21. 1917.
I.ast publication May 12. 1917. '.O
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3335.
Serial No. 033684.
I'lliteil States 1 .a 11(1 Office, Phoc ni,
Ariiiia, April 3. 1917.
Notice is hereby git-en: That
Chrlc Clason, whose postofliee ad
Jre. t, 13 Ui .bce, Arizona, ha iutle cp-
r
fvJl M-hjMrrIl.nid Brml.A
'rf4fci'aJ4 -"' ' l i"l ;iiAV7
v -4 l1". wa.e1 with rti.i Ril-hon. V
! plication for patent for the following
'named lod'j mining claim, situated in
jthe Warren Mining District, Cochise
i County, Arizona, in Section 8. Town
ship 23 South, Range 24 East. G. &
S. R. B. & M., described as follows,
to-wit:
"Morning Star No. 4."
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the S. E.
Corner, whence the '4 cor. between
Sees. 8 and 17. T. 23 S. R. 24 E.. G. &
S. R. B. & M. bears S. 53 06' W. 1536.9
feet: thence N. 66 30' W.. 1500 feet
to corner No. 2; thence N. 24 11' E.,
537.40 feet to Corner No. 3; thence S.
66' 30' E., 1500 feet to Corner No. 4;
thence S. 24' 11' W., 537.40 feet to
corner No. 1, the place or beginning,
containing a net area of 6.438 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey No. 1387. Al Hassan, of
1.784 acres, with , Survey No. 1670.
Contention lode, of 2.073 acres, and
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
17. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona. March 19, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Frank
S. Medaros. of Hereford, Ariz., who,
on Aueust 31. 1910. made Homestead
Entry, No. 012006. for the NW'4 of.
Section 33, Township 23 S., Range 22
East, G. and S. R. Meridian, has filed
notice of intention Po make final five
year rrooi, vo esutonsn ciaim 10 v"namb0i Wedge lode
lanu apove aescriucu. Deiore juxea u.
Taylor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bis
uee, Ariz., 6n the 14th day of Slay,
1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William A. White, Jac ob C. Baker.
Charles A. Stevens, Robert Arboru, all
if Hereford, Ariz.
J. L. 1RVIN. Register
First publication March 22, 1917.
Last publication April 22, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior,
LT. o. Lard Oflic e at Thoenix, Ari
ione, March 19, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Carrlt
Wltvoet, of Hereford, Ariz., who, on
February 28. 1913, made H. E. 021452
for SU SW'4. section 25, and S!i
SE'i, section 26, and on November 7,
1914. made Additional Hd. Entry, Nb.
'J26017. for the SF.'t or, Section 25,
Township 22 S., Ranpe 21 East, O.
and S. R. Meridian, has filed notice
of intention to make final three yeer
Proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tay.
lor. C. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Ariz., tn the 15th clay of May, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Jacob J. Karlan, William A. Lyth,
luhn L. Parker, Gilbert J. Perry, all of
flereford, Ariz.
J. L, IRVIN.
Register.
First publication March 22. 1917.
Last publication April 22, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Lund Office at. Phoenix, Arl-'
rtna. March 19, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby. ' given that A.
Willard Eddy, of Hereford, Ariz., who,
on February 20, 1913, made Homestead"
Entry. No. 021363, for the NW',4 cf,j
Section 10, Township 23 S., Range 21
East, G. and S. R. Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make final three
year Proof, to establish claim tt the
land above described, before Jared D.-.
Taylor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bis--bee,
Arizona, on the 15th day of May.
1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
George -,W. All wood, Clarence D. Le
Sueur, John E. Nelson, Millard S
Osgood, all of
J..L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication March 22, 1917.
Last publication April 22. 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
V. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona. March 19, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Rich
ard E. Todd, of Hereford, Ariz , who,
on Julv T, 1912. made Homestead
Entry. No. 01S517, for the SW',4 rf.
Section 32, Township 23 S.. Range 22
East, G. and S. R. Meridian, has filed
notice of ir.tention to make final three
year Proof, to establish claim to tin;
land above described, before Jared D.
Talor, C S. Commissioner, at Bis
bee, Ariz., tin the 16th day of May,
1917.
Claimant names at witnesses:
John H. Huuhes, or Hereford. Ariz.;
Jacob C. Baker, of Hereford, Ariz.;
William Ryan, of llerelord, Ariz.;
Angus Gillis, of Bisbee. Ariz.
J. L. IRVI.V.
Register.
First publication March 22. 1917.
Last publication April 22, 917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
IT. S. Land OmVc at I'lioeiiix, Aii
zona. March 19, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Charles
A. Stevens, of llerelord, Ariz., wM, on
June 11. 1910, made Homestead Entry,
No. 010M..;. for the SW'i of. Section
28, Township 23 S.. Banco 22 East. G.
and S. R. Meridian, has filed notice
of intention to make final five year
Proof, to establish claim to the land
above describ"d. before Jared D. Tay
lor, IT. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Ariz., cm the llth day or May, 1917.
Claimant names at witnesses:
Robert Arborn, Edward Wilc ox. 1
Charles A. Martin. Frank S. Medaros,
all of Hereford, Ariz.
J. I,. lltVIX. It. gister.
Kirst publication March 22, 1917.
Last publication April 22, 1917.
No. o:::;r,s::
NOTICE OF, APPLICATION FOR
U. S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3195.
March 17. 1917.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
Robert llennesey, wIhim' postofliee ad
dress is F.islice, Arizona, 011 behalf of
himself and co-owners. I. Jacobscin and
Emll Marks, whose post-ofnee iid
or l. ai e the f.,i:ii- pi 11 c. ha - made
ap lication for a patent fbr the follow
ing lode mining claim, situated in the
Warren Mining District, Cochise
Citunty. State of Arizona, in Sections
7 and 18, unsurveyed, T. 23 S., R. 24
E., G. & S. R. B. & M., which claim
is described as follows:
UMPIRE No. 1 Beginning at Cor.
N'o. 1, the S. W. Cor.; whence the Vt
Cor. between Sees. 19 andjTt, T. 23 S ,
R. 24 E.. G. & S. R. B.-& M., brs.
S. 3 02 E. 904.9 ft.; thence N.
3C 57' W. 1440.80 ft. to Cor. No. 2,
tl.e N. W. Cor.; thence N. 59 36'
E. 597.80 ft to Cor. No. 3, the N. E.
CoK; thence S. 37 02' E. 1441.10
ft. to Cor. No. 4, the S. E. Cor.;
thence S. 59 36' W. 600.00 ft. to
Cor. No. 1, the place of beginning.
Total and net area of said claim is
19.680 acres.
The original location notice of said
Umpire No. 1 claim is recorded In the
bounty Recorder's office. Cochise
County, Arizona, tr Book 49, Records
of Mines, at page 382: and the amend
ed location notice of said claim is
recorded In said County Recorder's
office in Book 53, Records of Mines,
at page 621.
Adjoining claims: North El Paso
lode, unsurveyed, owned by I. Jacob
son and Chas. Rambo: East. Madero
No. 1 lode, unsurveyed. owned by R
TTennesey, C. II. Iftowe and Cbas
unsurveyed.
owned by D. W. Art; South.
Panama lode, unsurveyed. owned
bv Lee JovaBovIch and II. W.
Clarkson. New York lode, unsurveyed.
owned by Chas. Rambo and W. A
Dell: West. Cmpire lode, unsurveyed.
owned by I. Jacobson. Chas. Rambo
ind E. Johnson. Bull Moose ftde, un
r.irveyed. owned by Chas. Rambo and
e Jovanovlch.
J. lu IRVIN.
Register.
First publication March 20. 1917.
Last publication May 30. 1917.
NOTICE
CF APPHCATION
U. S. PATENT.
FOP
Mineral Snr-.v No. 32BS.
Serial No 0-1346.
Feb. T. J917
In the Tnited States Tnd Office
fjoeniv, Arizona.
Notice la hereby plvn that Baptist
'"aretto. owner of nn undivided one
Snlf Interest. AUpn D. Fair, owner of
1 undivided one-nuartet interest and
''i!nh A ZiofcPTner. owner of an un
divided one-oiifrtPr intereFt. whoee
nosfntflce ac' dresses are Bisbee. Ari
zona, have ma-le application for patent
the fol!t)wins named led minlns
''aims, situated in the Warren Min
ir.g District. Cochise County, Arizona,
m Section 19 and 30. Township 2? P.
anse 25-E. and unsurveyed. Sections
" and 25. Tnwnshin 23 .5. Ttansre 21 E.
O. & S. V. Ti. & M.. decr'he, a- fol-
'iws. to-wit: i
"BFLT.E MONTE" ReKinine at ror
"r Vo. 1. the M. K Corner, whence
ho W. 4 Corner of Section 19, T. 23-S
t?. 25-E. O. S. R. B. M." bears If
r-f 48' F 19689 feet: ther.ee S. 29
W. 70.70 feet to corner No. 2:
ft,rnce N. 72 05' W. 1524.80 feet to
corner No. 3: thence N. 29 48' E.
8 40'fppt to corner No. 4: thence S.
M 19' E. 1500 feet to corner No. 1.
te place of beginning, containing a
pet area of 6.763 acres. epressly ex
cludes area in conflict with Survey
No. 2390. High Flyer lode, of 3.669
-.cres.
"GREEN LEAF NO. 2" Beginning
rt corner No. 1. the N. E. Corner,
whence the Wi U Corner of Section
19, T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M..
.boars N. 30 38' E. 279.4 feet: thence
South, 603.40 feet to corner No. 2;
1 hence N. 83 46' W. 1500 feet to cor
)ir No. 3: thence North, 603.40 feet
to corner No. 4: thence S. 83 48' E.
1500 feet to corner No. 1. the place 1
if beginning, containing a net area of
18.267 acres, expressly excluding ara
! conflict with Survey No. 2256 Osce-
,a j0(lc of 0 44s arres, and with Sur
ey No. 31S0 O OM Paul lode, of 1.272
acres, and with Green Leaf No 3, of
0 668 acres.
"MARCONI" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. E. corner, whence the
W 14 Corner of Section ID. T. 23-S.
R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M. besr3 N.
?. 35' E. 855.7 feet; thence South.
r.55.J0 feet to corner No. 2; thence N
72 47' W. 359.80 feet to corner No. 3:
thence N. 65 59' W. 771.50 feet to
i-orner No: 4; thence North. 250 feet
to corner No. 5; thence S. 83' 46' E
1054.70 feet to corner No. 1. the place
of beginning, rontainins a net area
f 7.701 acres, expressly excluding
prea in conflict with Green Leaf No.
.f 2.022 acres, antj Bar Bullion, of
11 353 acres.
"GREEN LEAF NO. 3" Beginning
nt corner No. 1. the S. E. Corner,
hence the N. W. Corner of Section !
"0. T. 23 S, R 25 F. G. S. R B. & M.
'ears S. 41' 02' E. llis.s f?ct: thon.-c
o. 51s 2' W. 1279 "0 feet to corner
No. 2: thence N. -s' K- " fwt
to corner No. 3; thence S. 51 20' E.
1279.00 feet, to, corner No. 4: thence
S. 29 48' W. 600 feet to corner No.
1, the place of beginning, containing
a net area of 12.158 acres, expressly
excluding area in conflict with Sur
vey No. 3173, Morning Star lode, of
0.427 acres, with Tar Bullion, or 0 4')1
icres, and with Mineral Farm No. 1,
of 4.420 acres.
"MINERAL FARM NO. I" Begin
ning at corner No. 1. the N. E. Corner.
bc-nce the N W. Corner of Section
: . T. 23 S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. M i
tears S. 4i 16' E. 762.2 feet; thence
S. 2C 26' W. 719 00 feet to corner
No. 2: thence N. 30 06' W. 1482.6V
feet Ni comer No. 3: thence N. 2 1
.6" E. 71'tOO feet to corner No. 4;
111, S ::H Oil' l.. IIS-M'.O fret to
1 inner No. 1. the place of beginning,1
ccintpiniiig a net area of 15.71 acres.;
expressly excluding area in conflict,
with Bar Bullion, or 1.63 1 acres. i
"GULLS LY.W NO. I." LifiiuuIliK
at corner No. 1, the N. W. Corner,
whence the W. ',i corner of Section
19, T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M.
nears No. 30 38' E. 279 4 feet; thence
83 43' E. 603.40 feet to corner
No. 2; thence South. 1454.00 feet to
corner No. 3; thence N. 83 46' W.
603.40 feet to corner No. 4; thence
North 1454.00 feet to corner No. 1. the
place of beginning, containing a net
area ot 20.022 acres.
"BAR BULLION". Beginning at cor
ner No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence
'.he S. W. Corner nt Section 19, T.
23-S. R. 25-E., G. &. S. R. B. & K.
bears N. 70 26' E. 584.3 feet; thence
X. 59 01 W. 600 feet to ctorner No.
2; thence N. 24 20' E. 1500 feet to
corner No. 3; thence S. 59 01' E.
i')0 feet to corner No. 4; thence S.
'A' 20' W. 1500 feet to comer No. 1.
the place of beginning, containing a
let area of 19.472 acres, expressly ex
cluding area in conflict with Green
Leaf No. 1, tf 0.970 acres; and with
Survey No. 3174, William Penn lode,
jf 0.C80 acres.
"TRILBY". Beginning at corner No.
t, the S. E. Corner, whence the N. W.
Corner of Section 30. T. 23-S. R. 25-E..
G. S. R. B. & M. bears N. 4 6' E.
505.7 feet; thence N. 59 01' W. 600
feet to corner No. 2; thence N. 24 20
E. 1500 feet to corner No. 3; thence
5. 59e 01' E. 600 feet to corner Ml.
1; thence S. 24 20' W. 1500 feet to
corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 19.463 acres.
expressly excluding area in conflict
iti Green Leaf No. 1. of 1.059 acres.
"MINERAL FARM NO. 2" Begin-
nng at corner No. 1, the N. W. Cor-
'ier, whence the N. W. corner of Sec
tion 20. T. 23-S. R. 23-E., G. & S. R B.
& M. bears N. 87' 58' E. 827 8 feet;
trence S. 59 01' E. 1500 feet t cor
ner No. 2: thence S. 25' 32' 30" W.
296.nO feet to corner No. 3; thence N.
48 31' W. 1498.50 feet to corner No.
t; thence N. 25 32- 30" E. 446.70
ftet to corner No. 5; thence N. 26
26' E. 97.70 feet to corner No. 1, the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 14.419 acres.
"MIDWAY NO. 1". Beginning at cor
ner Nt). 1, the N. W. corner, whence
the W. VI corner of Section IS, T.
23-S. R. 25-E., G. & S. R. B. & M. bears
3. 29 26' W. 670.9 feet; thence S.
59' 01' E. 654.50 feet to corner No.
2; thence S: 5 44' W. 1500 feet to
.:orner No. '3;' thence N. 59 1' W.
d51.50 feet to corner No. 4; thence N.'
5 44' E., 1500 feet to corner
No. 1, the place of beginning, con
taining a not area of 14.974 acres.
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey No. 2455, Burro Shoe
lode of 1.405 arres, and with Green
Leaf M. 1, of 4.005 acres.
"MIDWAY NO. 2 - Beginning at
corner No. 1. the N. W. corner, whence
the W. 4 Corner of Section 19, T.
23-S. P. 25-E., G. & S. R. B. & M.
Bears S. 74 29' W. 924.6 feet: thence
S. 59' 01' E. 662.00 feet to corner No.
2; thence S. 5" 44' W. 1500 feet to
corner No. 3; thence N. 59 01' W.
S62.00 feet to corner No. 4: thence
X. 5 44' E. 1500 feet to corner No.
1, the place tf beginning, containing
a net area of 20.618 aores.
"CASH ENTRY NO. 2". Beginning
at corner No. 1, the N. W. Corner,
whence the W. Corner of Section
19, T. 23-S. R. 25-E., G. & S. r'. B. & M.
bears N. K6 20' W. 1461.4 feet;
thence S. 59 01' E. 662.00 feet to
corner No. 2: thence S. 5 44' W. 1500
feet to corner No. 3; thence N. 59
01' XV. 662.00 feet to earner No. 4.
thence N. 5 44 E. 1500 feet to corner
No. 1. the ptifee of beginning, contain
ing a net area of 20.618 acres.
"CASH ENTRY NO. 1." Beginning
at corner No. 1, the S. W. Corner,
whence the S. W. Corner of Section
19, T. 23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B.- &
M., bears S. 26" 16' W. X042.3 feet;
thence North 6S5.10 feet to corner
No. 2; thence S. 59 01' E. 1500 feet
to corner No. 3; thence Sbuth, 685.10
feet to corner No. 4; thence N. 59
01' W. 1500 fect to corner No. 1. the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 20.226 acres.
The location notices of these claims
are recorded In the office of the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
Bar Bullion, Recorded In Book 62.
Record of Mines, page 131.
Belle Monte, Recorded in Bot)i 52,
Record of Mines, page 137.
Cash Entry No. 1, Recorded '1 Book
52, Record of Mines, page 139.
Cash Entry No. 2., Recorded in Bot
54. Record of Mines, page 2S6.
Grceu Leaf No. 1, Recorded in Book
52. Record of Mines, page 132.
Green Leaf No. 2. Recorded In Book
52. Record of Mines, page 133.
Green Leaf No. 3. Recorded In Book
52. Record of Mines, page 131.
Trilby. Recorded in Book 52, Reo
01 d of Mines, page 130.
Mineral Farm No. 1, Recorded In
Book 52. Record of Mines, page 128.
Mineral Farm No. 2, Recorded In
Book 52, Record of Mines, page 129
Midway No. 1, Recorded in Book
52. Record or Mines, page 135.
Midway No. 2. Recorded in Book
52. Record of Mines, page 136. !
Marconi, Recorted In Book 52, Rec
ord tif M'ties, page 138. i
The names of thff adjoining claims I
of this survey are: On the North:
Survey No. 31S0, O OM Paul lode.
Survey No. "2256. Osceola lode. Survey
No. 2io5. Jack Robinson lode and Burro I
Shoe Icicle, unsurveyed claims, claims
and claii'iants unknown.
On the East: Unsurveyed claims,
vlaims ami claimants unknown. Lit
tle Dandy and Garibaldi Rdc3. unsur
veyed. On tlie South: Victor, unsurveyed.
Survey No. 3171. William Penn lode.
Survey No. 2t'2S, Grovcr lode. Survey
No. ",173. Morning Star lode, survey
No. 22sil Omcca lode.
On th, Wet. Surtc-j N i. 23:10, High
Flyer lode a&d Pet House lode.
3. L. TRVLV.
Register.
First publication Feb. 13, 191T.
Last publication April 28, 1917.
IN THE UNITED STATES LAND
OFFICE. "
Phoenix. Arizona, Feb. 10. MIT.
Notice of Application for Patent Sur
vey No. 1898, Serial No, 031241.
Notice fa hereby given that CoppeY
Queen Consolidated Mining Company,
a corporation organized under the
laws of the State of New York. nd
lawfully engaged D the tramactioB
of Its corporate business In the State
of Arizona, by G. H. Dowel, Its Gen
eral Manager and Attorney In Fact,
whose post office address la Douglaa,
Cochise County, Arizona, hae made
application for patent for the "Hava
na" lode, situate In Warren Mining
District. Cochise County, State of Ari
zona, and Is more fully described aa
to metes and bounds ay the official
Wat herewith posted, and by the Held
notes of survey thereof, filed In the
office of the Register of the United
Sthtes Land Office, at Phoenix, Ariio
which field notea ef survey de
scribe the boundaries and extent of
said claim on the surface, wit, mag
netic variation of 13 20' East aa fol
lows: "Havana" Led
Beginning at Cor. No. 1, whence TJ.
S. M. M. No. 1. Warren Mining Dis
trict bears S. 89 It' E. 2ST3.3 feet:
thence N. 78 12 W. 25 feet to
Cor.' No. 2; thenr S. 1 33' W.
252 4 feet to Cor. No. 5: thence 78
1 2' E. 261.1 feet to Cor. Ntj. 4; thence
N. O' 56' W. 245.4 feet t Cor. No. S
thence N. 84 34' E. 43.8 feet to Or.
"o. 1, the place of beginning, exclud
ing, however, from said described
the a-e of 057 scree frt con
flict with "Wf ster" lode. Survey
1S7.
The net area of said "Havana" lode,
for which patent h applied, exclusive
of area In conflict with "Webster
lode. Survey 1387 Is 1313 aerea.
The adjoining and conflicting claim t
sre the "Molvina" lode. Survey Xo.
959; "Copper King" Tode. Survey No.
375: "Webster" lode. Survey No.
1387: nnd "AI Hassen" Tode, Survey
No. 1387.
Any and air persona clilmln ad
versely the mining ground, vein. lode,
premises, or any portion thereof,
so described, anrveyeff. platted an
applied for, are hereby notified that
tnlesB their advene claims are duly
filed, according to law and fbei regu
lations thereunder, within tb am
prescribed by lsw. wttb the Register
-f the United States Land Office, at
Phoenix. Maricopa Poonty. Arizona,
they will b barred by virtue of tbe .
nrovisions of aafd etatute.
J. L. IRVIN.
Reeisfer of the United State,
Land Office. Phoenix. Arizona.
First Publication Feb. 13. 1917.
Last Publication April 24. 1917.
IN THE UNITED STATES LAND
OFFICE
Phoenix. Arizona. Feb. 10. 1917
Notice of Application for Patent, Sur
vey No. 1920. Serial No. 031242.
Notice Is hereby riven that the Cop
per Queen Consolidated Mining Com
pany, a corporation organized tinder
the laws of the State of New Torfc,
and lawfully engaged la the transact
ion of its corporate business in the
State of Arizona, by G. H. Dowell, its
General Manager, and Attorney in
Fact, whose post office addresa is
Douglas. Cochise County, Arizona,
has made application for patent for
the "Midget" lode, situate in Warren
Mining District, Cochise County.
State of Arizona, and is more fully
described as to metes and bounds by
the official plat herewith posted, and
bv the field notes of survey thereof.
filed In the office of the Register of
the United States Land Office, at
Phoenix. Arizona, which field notes
of survey describe the boundaries and
extent of said claim on the surface,
with magnetic variation of 12 30
East as follows:
"Midget" Lods
Beginning at Cor. No. 1. whence V.
3. M. M. No. 4. Warren Mining Dis
trict bears S. 78 06' E. 44618 feet;
thence N. 34 36' W. 74.5 feet to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 80 61' W. 387.1 feet
to Cor. No. 3: thencs S. 34 36' E.
R8.5.1 feet to Cor. N 4: thence N.
78 57' E. 881.25 feet the place of be
ginning, excluding, however, from
said described area 6.024 ici In
conflict with "Macomb" lode. Survey
No. 1896; also 0.404 seres In conflict
with "Golden Gate" lode. Survey No.
843.
The net area of said "Midget" lode,
for which patent Is applied, exclusive
of said areas In conflict is 0.228 acres.
The adjoining and conflicting claims
are the "Hendricks." Survey No. 280;
"Copper Globe," Survey No. 1348;
"Golden Gate." Survey No. 843:
"Mscomb." Survey No. 1S96; "Pact
Bone." Survey No. 13S7; and "Twi
light." Survey No. 1387.
Any and sit persons claiming ad
versely the mining ground, vein, lode,
premises, or any portion thereof, so
described, surveyed, platted and ap
plied for. are hereby notified that un
less their adverse claims are duly
filed, according to law and the regula
tions thereunder, within tbo time pre
scribed by law. with the Register of
the United States Land Office, at
rhcH-fix. Maricopa CouBty. 'Arlfnn,
thry will be barred by virtue of tba
provisions of said statute.
J. U IRVIN.
Register or the United States
I-and Office. PSoenix. Arizona.
First Publication Feb. 13. 1817.
La-t Publkatic.n April 21. 1817. i.hM 'li'iiclvl
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNlJAftiy
1917.
FIVE
11 mini w mi
Li JLI
loubJo5cph)&ncc
NOYELIZATION OF THE MOTION
NAME. PRODUCED fOR THE INTERNATIONAL FILM SERVICE. INC,
UtiDLR THE DIRECTION OF WHAKTON, JNC . coevmcHr. ta corww. v
" 1
THE CAST.
MRS. VERNON CASTLC aa
Patria Channing.
MILTON SILLS at Donald Parr.
WARNER OLANO as Baron
Hurokt.
DOROTHY GREEN a Fanny
Adair. ,
SYNOPSIS.
Baroa Huroki. chief of the Japan
cret ervic in America, conspiring to
embroil the United States with Mi-jlco.
desire control of the great Channing mu
nition plant owned by Patria last of
"The Fighting Channings" and sole
cutrts of the $100,000,000 trust secretly
created by patriotic progenitors to com
bat the national peril inherent in un
preparadnesa." His schemes failing
through the opposition of Patria and her
fiance. Capt. Donald Parr. Huroki ir re
venge cause the destruction by fir of
vast store of munitions in the Channing
freight yards near Bayonne a holocaust
in which Patria and Donald escape anni
hilation by the narrowest of chances.
NINTH EPISODE
Cat's Paw and Scapegoat.
- THE CONVENTIONAL THING.
That night had been sultry, a night
of heat rendered the more oppressive
by humidity, a true Manhattan night
of August. But the day that followed
broke upon the uneasy city In dawn
light so pitilessly clear that at least
one belated wayfarer, half dulled
sense .suddenly stirrinir to appre
ciate that the friendly cloak of dark
ness was no more for him. was seized
with a little fit of shivering, as if
chilled.
His trembling fingers strove to draw
together the front of his rout, a fruit
less effort. Looking down angrily, he
discovered a wine-spattered expanse of
white gaping between the edge or his
dress coat something, of course, not
built to be buttoned.
Mumbling pettishly an inane oath,
the belated one glanced furtively
round to see whether, by mischance,
anybody else were abroad to be a wit- ;
ness to the witle'ssness : then, reas- i
sured to find himself the lonely tenant
of an empty side street, pulled hitn
aelf together after a fashion and re
sumed a desultory course toward his
lodgings. 1
Thla was the figure, fn the role of
rejected suitor for the hand of Patria
Channing. cut by Mr. Rodney Wrenn
In his sober senses not inaptly to be
termed a gentleman. !
As bis struggling feet wove their
uncertain way upon the sidewalk, a
motor car of the touring type overtook
him. rounded the next comer, and dis
appeared. Mr. Wrenn was aware of
Its transit, but was likewise sufficient
ly aware of his condition to wish hot
to be wen, even by strangers. He held
bis . face averted till the car had
passed. ' Had he looked up he would
have recognized the face of the wom
an he loved, or thought he loved, but
the recognition would have been one- ,
tided.
She lay. with eyes closed, as if she
slept, 1u the arms of Capt. Ponald
Parr, her head pillowed on his shoul-
ft. -
1 Mre
0 r
Donald Wrested the Instrument From
Her.
jers, her body ciivchim in h coarse,
jamp blanket. Iter fuiir in n disorderly
tangle framing a face whose pallor
was the shade of pifrclinH-itt.
Captain Purr was scarcely less pale,
though his eyes were open wide and
his face set in a cast of grave solici
lud" for the woniHii in bis arms.
Witbm in the louring car were
two operatives of Miss Chnnning's re
ctly organized secret intrltlnco bu
reau MrJ Ryley anil h Milwirdiuute,
boU hhowiug the effects of an experl
ruce scarcely less trying lliau that
which Missl'lninning and ' ptaiii I'arr
bad iutcutly undergone.
1 V 7.
9
V ' 1 j-
TheGreat Romance
ojp Preparedness
PICTURE? PLAY OF THE" 5AME
If uny of these identified the mac In
tht: street as Mr. Wrenn, he kept It to
himself.
After an indeterminate duration In
his befuddled consciousness, he foun-i
himself unexpectedly at home, the door
to hi' sitting room shutting out it.e
wakening world.
He shivered again, bethought him of
a certain decanter whose contents
ought to provide temporary relief for
jangled nerves, and In search for It
came abruptly upon a framed photo
graph which decorated his study table.
The face that was pictured therein
was the face of Patria, smiling, ex
quisite, provokingly coquettish.
A phase of mock sobriety possessed
the mind of Rodney Wrenn as be
picked up the photograph and stood
staring hungrily at it
He recalled a day that was scarcely
six weeks old. when Patria, the self
same girl whose counterfeit present
ment was smiling into his eyes, had
seemed to be wholly his, pledged to
become his bride by an understanding
ro less complete If tacit.
They bad been light-hearted lovers
on that day, and on many a day that
had gone before. .
Then, in a twinkling. Donald Put
had stepped between them.
In the opinion of Rodney his subse
quent sufferings had aged him swiftly
to full manhood. But he was herein
self-deluded ; he remained a boy, of
man's stature but of youthful mental
ity. As he was presently to prove.
His look grew still more morose as
he reviewed the events which had fol
lowed the coming of Captain Pnrr.
There had been a brief time when
Donald had seemed to be high in the
favor of the girl. So constantly were
the two together that the gossip of
Newport hfld excusably bruited their
engagement. And that was something j
which Rodney, for all his resentment.
had been able to understand. The boy
ish hero-worship which he had always
accorded Ponald Parr still maintained
its sway upon his thoughts. Tt was
quite conceivable that the girl should
lieeome perhaps only temporarily in
fatuated with such a man.
I But all the time she was chnnplnF.
her very nature was changing incom
prehensibly. Hardly had society set
tled itself to accept Captain Parr as
,ne rorrunnte suitor wnen. following
'ine of Patrin's business trips to New
Ynrk. nt nf- Ponald was in
dP disfavor and Baron Huroki. that
iave Japanese, and his constant
associate, Senor Jnan de Lima, the
lanky, crude Mexican millionaire, were
constantly at Patria's elbows, with
Fanny Adair forming a triumvirate of
her intimates.
Coincident had been the mtnishment
of Rodney and his mother, who since
Patria's childhood had stood in loco
parentis to the girl, managing her sev
eral households in town and county,
supervising her education, chaperatning
her social life.
And now. but a few weeks later
weeks unmarked by any token of con-
trition from Piltria or even of remem
brance of their existence the papers
were publishing formal announcement
, of ber betrothal to Junn de Lima !
1 It was all incredible to Rodney.
I Such heartlessness. such inconstancy,
j inssed comprehension.
Rage clouded his wits and senses.
j ".lade!" he muttered sullenly.
Heedless of risk to his hands, he
shattered the glass in the frame with
a blow of his fist, ripped out the photo
sraph. and tore it across and again.
Then, as the fragments fell to the
floor, he sank Into a chair, dropped bis
'lead on a forearm on the table, and
sobbed gustily.
Almost immediately he fell asleep.
At precisely the same time Ponald
was carrying the semi-conscious girl
, into the sitting room of his own lodg
ings, his assistant Ryley hovering in
:it tendance, ready to lend assistance If
ueedetl or permitted.
The door was opened by a half-fran-lic
woman of middle age-Patria's
maid who took the girl to her mnter-
1 nal bosom as soon as Parr relinquished
Iter.
"Oh. my dearie!" she cried. "Where
have yon came from in such a state?"
"Out of the jaws of death, out of
the mouth of hrll." Pnrr answered for
Patria. "If yon had olvtrcd orders;
Anne, and stayed awake till she was
asleep, ibis would never have hap
pened. She followed me to the
IJaynnne docks last night; there was
a fire caused by those accursed .Taps
and we were caught in it. How we
escaped ask Ryley. I don't know.
. . . . But don't stand there, star
ing. Get Miss Channing to lied Imme
diately get her out of those wet
clothes and wrap her up warmly.
IVn't talk! Po as I bid you!"
The girl had revived sufficiently to
walk. As. stiMirtcd by the maid, she
'l-liSil
appeared Jo the direction of the bod-
hamber. Parr turned to Ryley.
"it's six." be announced, taking out
his watch., "tn't sleep till you, get
hold of a- magistrate and swear'i out
warrants for the arrest of Iliirnkl rind
IV l.iinn on charges of criminal con
spiracy, and causing the Bayonne ex
plosions. Bring the warrants here to
me at u; o'clock. I'll execute tbrin
rT.-"nn!ly nn'l with bitter vengeance.
"At what time?"
"One o'clock I nust get
"To your hotel?"
ere ft feint
"No here. I'll call here
Ivrelve-thirty to fnke Miss Channing. to
breakfast. If we're not in, Anne will
trll yon where to Ami us."
"Very good. Captain Parr."
The door closed behind Ityley. Too
tired to think, unconscious even of the
fact that he still held his watch be
tween thumb and forefinger, Ponald
dropped Into a chair to await Anne's
return. Naturally, it was impossible
for him to leave before he received
first-hand assurance that Patria was
resting comfortably. His eyes closed.
He was Instantly asleep. . . .
It was high noon when he awoke.
Profoundly fatigued as he had been,
a constitution Inured to nil msnncr of
hardship and fatigue had profited tre
raendouslyj by those scanty hours of
repose. If his muscles ached a trifle
from resting In an unaccustomed pose,
his head wns clear and all his facul
ties alert almost with bis first blink.
He started to his feet with an ex
clamation of dismay ; by the watch that
remained in h!s grasp the hour was
twelve. 0 yj.
"The deuce !" he grumbled anxiously.
It was too bad; to have turned -hliif-?clf
out of his lodgings to provide Pa
tria with a safe hiding place: froth
flurokl, to have moved ostentatiously
to n hotel in order to forestall Vii
minded gossip if it ever should IVy nilij
chance transpire that tue. giri ftiiA
used his rooms, and then to naVe Hi's
happen! Nothing, not even: the 'In
most liberality in the matter bf 'lij
ning, would prevail to stop the tontjijyr5
ft the hall attendants from clacking,!
Ami it couldn't be remedied. ' "nt
"Why didn't you awake me?" he de
manded angrily of Anne wheji that fine
qpieared from the direction of the bed
chamber. .
"You were so tired, poor dear! she
told him, with a beaming affection that
: rxr rr.... -:r --
II 'r11 0 HIS Sil
v. ; !
In the Wreckage of the House Lay the Body of De Lima.
disarmed his temper,
bear to disturb jou,
been tiirough."
"Well." ... he
comfortably. ...
"I just c uU'-.'t
after ul!
grumbled
"How is
Channing?"
"Still aslc-p the lamb!"
"I'll run over to the hotel,
Or, wait a minute."
A hapt-hance glance at liimei
pier-glass had shown him a li
clothed in garments shiM.-kitiii-worse
for close contact with t'
prolonged immersion lu salt v. -;
was iu no shape to be sm-p :
streets.
"You'll find a change of rlo'!
me in that hall closet." he said. I .'
fetch it instantly. I want to tc. -
of this with the least possib!" '
The woman bustled off. broiir'
t ...
11 he desired, made herself s-
He effected the change with nil ic - -Me
expedition, but was still i-t ,;-:
shirtsle-vcs. knotting his tic. wbc "
knock souuded on the hall door.
PonaM hesitated only an in Ar
fore ocning the dior. This would 'in
doubtedty prove to be Kyley, a bit
ahead of time. And Ryley was bet'
Intelligent and trustworthy.
But it was Rodney Wrenn who
stepped in over the threshold as Don
ald opened the door.
Kor a moment embarrassment bliini
ed Ionald to Ihidney's condition. 1-ut
as sotin as the latter spoke, ii was un
tiiisfaknbly munifest.
"Ijiok here. Don; I'm sum to ti.ni
ble you. but . . . Wei!, tin ibis
way. niollier's all broken up about this
,-nw with Patria ami . . . Anilsn'm
I. It's driving me mad,. !'' aiways
n-cn foolish about her and '-J.I S'l!
that and it seemed pretty lotti-n
ciil out 4-cti by ymi. But you were a
least white. And row the i:i!''r r;..v
she's going to marry that ih.ii.n r
njeiiscr!" ' . ;i
rThe bey (in used.
hl::i ciieasilv. 'I'licre
lug the evbli-m-e "f Ii
tie.r his jibiionmiM.
Donald f'
wns no tc
s fnn i"l e
llisl-.
TtllSiea'lv ees
uud driiihing
: h- '-;i.
licu ii;-'.
iiell l!:
a i;.
;';. "... .. W'lti.'i'pif 'tj of--Ktiitf -all
! iSis- IJirw. buru''Jeffc HiiV : I
MiMight. yon mifiit VnvrpeyI-eoold
f;nd b;w,V.: :'
"I'm "sorry I can't WP you out." '
There was a little pause. . Rod ney'a
gaze wandered past Donald and be
came fixed. , His face erln more deep
ly Htmgt'SieU." '.. . ' . "-
Von jia H" he said quickly.
With a groan of dismay PonaM
rounded on his heel, to see. poised
j lightly on the threshold of the adjoin
ing bedchamber, Patria a charming
vision of Innocent loveliness in the
negligee which she had donned over
her nightdress when roused by the
aound of voices in the sitting room,
but a vision of disastrous omen in
Donald's sight.
"3o this!" Rodney began furi
ously. If he fniled to complete what he
would hove said, It was thanks only to
the hand with, which Donald forcibly
sealed his lips. " ' J
"Be quiet, you yonng Idiot !" j
With an oath the boy broke PTay,
aimed an uncertain blow at Pn!'
and ran from the apartment i
Wlthont daring to 1-iok 't fV.f :;ry,
Hon of the tpr, , ua'd 'i - -p
his coat poJ, phr.'-,-jVu? VV'i ;L ''r
sued. Oversaving 't-cnugcT ,', t?1 th
steps 3"'?i:le r.- '-.a . .'i--
hntM!t. !-. u'-l 1 -o . :
held
me
t
(!::-
' ii-i -in
f
r ;:lar .)
el! v-
Th.-'
Th- .!
wlt r!if
Pop fn!
rob. 1
to ? y
Tl'.ic:
t J'lii-
I; s.
i- i.
i J".
I;; .i
i tt
1? i '
J. ... -
re!uctautly relinquished further pur
snit for the time being. i
"I'll tintl him at his rooms," he re- :
fleeted moodily as he turned back into ;
the house. "I'll make him listen. It
mightn't to be ditlicitlt; Rod's sensible i
cuoujj'h . . . sober!" I
AN EXIT.
It was neaj-er two o'clock tiian one ,
when Mr. Ryley found Donald a:id I'.i- :
tria breakfasting in the name of li::n-;i- j
con in the grill mom of a quiet h.itcl.
"I'm sorry I'm late," he apologized.
"I'd have oecn on the dot oniy f.r Mr. '
Huroki. Looks as if lie's got wind of i
these warrants already, somehow or j
else he suspects it's high iime we were
taking some drastic action -a ijj
ear;e." . j
"How so?" asked Donald. :
"lie's been flying around prelty live- i
ly r.l! morning ever since nine oVloc': '
cnliing on the Japanese cortsul, visit- '
irif his bank and a couple of lawyer's j
oilieev, and thlnsrs like that. We had a j
n;an after iiim nil the time, of course. :
Here's his report." !
The detective offered lonahl a letf
from a pocket notebook blackened ;
with memoranda iu a minute hrtnd:
the 'Majority of 'which v. as ti simple,
incise record of an active man's 1 'tsy
leorning. nil going to indicate harried ,
urepiiratioim toward a change of ad
dress, the final item alone excited un
coinMiou interest on the part of Don- !
aV'' j
"iopjM'd at V::l!.ui," be reaiKo lu:r.- i
- !f --''ninc-licd iu g:i w-itb ncman bo
I v.' t tin in lobby. H.-iidvaiicr ravs j
vot!.;in is Iris Maine, common to t!r
iwn. (.: Is ti.is the Ra.-;cr
'.i'ieen? Joined at lunch by bey v iih
b.mg-over whom Mayne -iiII-d from
ill- or!i4-r sirle ,,f room. CouMn't
(i.id ;mi;,Iio'1v who knew bo v. Mavtie
i"l 'iov imrrii'd a vry bcf iie lluroki!
dslieil. II. (?i"n letcniel to reji-i
o-e." !
"!- he till III. !." I -!.! II Ill(j:il-td. '
IIIIIK-I lb" IIK-l: llr;in I.I.
'Tl'a''s I v. :is u-,i;inu' for lo j- t '
M !.-t'!i'il no. Wt'vc co-.- :!''.!
at loi' i-n-I-: oT :J.,t '. j
i' I'i:i to our uv it ;..( ti. lie w, :i -t
THFATRf
B BiS-fi l tat
'The House of Comfort"
y .ifcy y -y 'f'y
Continuous from 1 to 11
P.M.
TOMORROW
PATHE PRESENTS
MRS. VERNON CASTllE
IN
Catsoaw and
THE NINTH EPISODE
THE FOX FILM CORP.
AND
Presents
THE SUPER-DE-LUXE
PRODUCTION
nmi
WITH
THE WORLD'S MOST
CELEBRATED ACTRESS
In Six Massive Acts
AD.VnSSION
10 AND 15 CENTS
Scapegoat
in.? nm
W-U
Thoda
Bara
1 - i
i
i
i
i
i
-. -i' . . ' .O'Vl ill l.f
I'oiei , . :, M.ing an evn-
i":i, lie ckid-'Uily means to leave De
Lima to shift for himself. . . .
j ilere are the warrants." Ryley pur-
lied, delivering the papers, "and here's
I a note that came for you ju-t as I
. to;, ied at the house to ask Anne
where to find you. Thought perhaps
j I'd better bring it along."
j "Thank yon."
i With a word of apology to Patria. j
I Donald opened the note. Written In I
I !;o')ney's unsteady hand, it read as fol
lows: j "Viir Don:
. I'm frightfully sorry I was ruch an ass
I ou.:t to have known better. But I'm
I !-o broken ep r.lut I'atrla and everything I
I oulrin't foe straight. As soon as I (ret over
! tii's kau'.njammer, I'm goins to aak her
i fnrtr1- e rtic. For the present. I musi
1 '.sk yni: riot oniy to overlook my baorish
I r-ss bui to btjlp me out of a bad scrape
I'm in.
i It's r tv -man. and It isn't my fault. I'm
; T:i wr-v.:; th.v.'s al!. Only it'll Ret me in
' ' lit a1: nir.i if anything gets into V-'-e
' i :ipor.;. ru-ae don't say anyttiin to
.mytjody just come- secretly to this ad
dress a3 sonn as you can.
j Kcsj'ectfully yours.
I Rodney.
The addres was written below the
j nature: "Hotel Paltiinore. Ask for
; me l y niy'nati'e."
I TiieUL'lai'u!!;.-, Ihuiald refolded and !
; ocketed the note. He was fond of
I Kodncy, and could not refuse the boy'.; I
j request. At the same time, its urgency
I ot:ii.;icatod mutter a trille.
I Summoning tlie waiter, he settled his
I account.
"Please take Miss Channing back to !
, uy rooms." he requested Ityley. "Then I
j V" on to Huroki'. I'll join you there J
in the course of halt an hour or so.
! lon't do anything iH-iidin my ar
I rival. ...
I The Baltimore Mas well-known to
I Doi.ald by unsavory reptt'e.
j A sardonic clerk delivered Captain
I'arr to the guidance of a cynic belt
I 'ioy. who left him at the door of a
I room on the fifth floor. His knock was
I answered by n handsome creature of
some thirty animated years, a woman
who-jc ei tnplete se!f-posscsion and al
luring negligee assorted ell with the
implications latent in Rodney's note.
'Captain Parr?"
Her tones were as professionally
dulcet as her smile was worldlywiaet
l'onald l owed coolly.
"I am looking for Mr. Vrenn."
"He Is expecting you. Won't you
j .leave come in i"
i Ponald entered. The woman closed
he door and pan.-etl momTnt.irlly with
! iijiek to it. He swung around sharply, J
j -usp-'ctiiig tl;:it she had turned the key
j r.-i ui-hi'rawn it for the tirst time j
j sB-qieet.n.g that Kodaey s note might
l:8V- been a rorery.
"Where is lur. Wrciin?" he do
tauii'ied. "lie was called uwuy unexjiectedly,
hut will be back at any moment.
Plecse sit dowc"
" l l.ai k y.m no."
Dou.ild moved quickly to th door.
The woim'n vmight to interpose herself
between hi: utid it. but he was too
qui'-!;. A twist of the handle confirmed,
his surmise; he was locked in with this
da-wrous animai.
"lie good enough." he said brnsq"e!y.
"to open without deluy."
"Hut surely you can wait "
"I have no tit:'-' to waste. Do as
( s.iy I"
"Am I so re;:!lsive. th"t?"
He shriigg.'d in pittiently. "I'm la
.to mood for nonsense. Open that
ioor!"
"I'.itt !iien to n-.e . . ."
She came closer, with a sudden liths
movement threw herself upon hitn,
arms clasping his n--c!i.
"You're riiriit. it is a plant, dearie.
Mr. Wrenn isn't here won't be. I
ent you that note because I'm mad
about you wanted to gei you here "
"Oh n tr lon;iid e.!nc::iuld I-i il'v
Tt'.st ; and brehkin-r h- r !:!!. threw her
n:M him. "1 11 g;--v vo,i ndnute to
iinloik that l or;"
i-'nr an answer he rec. ived a mock
tig laugh.
"Do y.iu h ar?" he iil.ed.
S!:i !;1':l-!ii')i :::':ii:i. Ijtn:itM'iit!i- he
it't'.ed t'roui tier ::inl l.xiUel round tho
oom for something to aid hi:u ;nbrer?:
pen the door. A star-.! of fire-irons
ttr the c.ii:r.r:.'.v-p.i' Ce t.JTered a suiv.
t:it:tia! brass p-.k'-r. Seizing tl-is. he
nail-? for the door. Ilel.iini his buck,
he woman .seized the telephone ai4
creamed into the transmitter.
"Help! Heln! A strange n...ti ban
tie locked in here:"
Uy the lime she ha 1 s; id that mm-h.
o;iald hud wrested the instrument
rum her.
She relir.'i'ti. hed it without mt'- h :v
I .islunee. then darting beyond his "epeh,
j pan -ied und ::ciin lau-ghed in his fire
! ,vliile hurriedly iliserdering her hair
and attire in such maimer as to in-n-
?ale a struggle.
This tine T'onahl answered her
inugU with a quiet smile.
"Well," he said, dropping the poker,
"you've got nie Mrs. Mayne.'"
Thrt wns a shot f random, suggest
'd by Mi.hlen Misnicion ; lmt it told.
The woman's hands fell limp; she
l c.areo: ami gasped.
"Mow did you know?"
' Hp P:lvi ;j ces-ltrro ir-nilvinLr Iti-if
ier question was immaterial. At the
! 'a me !nsta:if h thunder of heavy blows
otmiled on the .-Ioor. and it yielded to
1 4 passkey, admitting three sturdy and
tiling porters.
Jh. y made f.-r P.maid iu a concert-
d rush, leu .mlv to Icing up i;h lifi-
, :"d haud.sfal the ,t t,!!t d'f liis .pto', , .
j "is",'-1iii( i'rraYeti ; Sl-jiry! 'itio
' that roi'in- '.tf-'rvV-aM yf'Mi. i Steu"
' !hely..uid iltat crowd! '. Yotl too.
' Mrs. M:iyne !"
j llerdinc ih onarteite inlo jh(.
ioiiii'i. bedchaniner, be locked its inmr,
j and tossed the key out of the or.ep
wtndow ua instant before three police
men entered. At sight of these Don
ald quietly showed the badge of a,
special officer of the New York pollc
department.
"Toull find the people you want in
there," he said. Jerking his thumb to
ward the bedchamber door. "Take th
g.3-f ...
IT:. ijJ'T ? .J - f r ?T 1
m)
W&jt Oi- --t
'' s'Av -J.1;UywCS3
"Be Quiet, You Young Idiot."
four of them to the station-house and
don't let them go till you've put the
fe-ir of the law into their hearts."
He walked out, summoned the ele
vator, ami paused on his way through
the lobby long enough to communicate
confidentially with the sardonic clerk.
"Just one more break like that, ray
friend," he said, smiling sweetly, "and
you'll lose vour licuse. Remtmber I
hake warned you.'r
Without waiting for response, Don
ald left the hotel.
As he did so, a taxicab drew op at
the carriage block and Kodney Wrenn
jumped our und turned to help Patria,
v ho uttered a little cry of pleasure at
sight of her betrothed a cry that,
drawing Rodney's uttt-ntim to Donald,
-truck the former limp with surprise
and dismay.
"Why. Ion: I didn't espe- t to Und
jou here; Itodney iicrstniuX lne t'
come with him to see Moth." Wiec
and "
".lust wait!" Doonld internipteo.
-iigmiling the taxi-man. To Kcdrey
he said quietly :
"Iit I understand yon toM Putria
your mother was stopring .at this
hotel? Or is the truth of the matter
linit Huroki pui you up to this rn k.
ami you brought Patria here to s-' tuo
led nwny umler nrr-sf tlisgraettl?"
The !m.v could at itlier find words ro
ir.s'ver him wi:h or cnti;ire his eyes.
iut : t.MnI with bend inwed In sham:-.
Sti'l m answer: but Itonald ktn'W
that he had guessed shrewdly at tli-j
truth.
"Come, dear." Ionald said to Patria.
and assisfil her to re-enter the cai.
Wi.iiin ton niini::es they Joiri.st
Ityley at the corner of th:it i.uiet s;re t
in the Murray lli'u quar'cr.
"You're just in time." he Informed
them: "the trip is ready to sj ri ig.
Volmdy has come out since Il'irnki n-turni-d
over an hour ago ; but I V I.ik..i
has just gone in."
"Did he see you, or susiirct T
"I tliir.k not. Only one tl-.lng wor
ios rue ; be u-ed u passl.cy o
'if ."r..nt d.Mij- niter ringing the beli
vet:,l t:iv( S ntnl getting no ans.vcr."
".'et your wen together. We'll waste
t:iore time."
ylcy's v. hisile brought np ha'f a
il tivn. pi.iiu-clolhes detectives
"tilii.iditiates of i'atri.-.'s private
Vogclher llley moved toward
:t lit;!." residence in the
f the M.K.-k.
y npi'r a.'hed. DennM, search-
ii !o a s with suspicious eyes.
a r.:e- al one a f;,ee fh;;t
: f::rtSeiy. i'n i disspp' a .'!.
he got of ir remi'id
' 'e I. '.in a a badly frighti-uivl
;, d Do Lima.
; y v.ero the d"r. one
e-i ;i:-u In. -e.i a stout jini-ny
i-vd U apply i: lo the lock.
. :u.u.-Iy 'i fright fut ,!i". I.'.:
. .1 :nl ithin tiie building.
ipoii its foimdatiou-. 'r';.
:icls of th? (!kmp broke at :'':!
s. .-huticred by the force of .I:.?
. ii.
Pot:a!d's prirty wns able tj en
:h- i nt;re interior if the hoi:,
f M'tid to be in ruins, co:iii:etc
..Ui.-iitsl by jiyijiitnite.
. ir the f-"i.i, door the body of IV
..: I:i. pililieil In Iwi'i ti iv, j.r-.
.i'. r--. his ba.-k brok-'n; the :.?..-r
. r tt !:.! be: mercifully itutau t
;S.
'i s her investigation established
..(.( that ll'ii-oki and his vreuti.c
t-nkiiii; their rscatte by way of a v
'isstige to !imse tin the iov;i
-ie nf the block, bad planted :ii
i run' machine at the mouth of
assage. so wired that the- nr;: r"
. Mini to lollow v. euld briiiK atxcif it
.plosion.
I'e l.ieia. arriving ttnt bite to at-- ,
'iv the fngilhe. and sinking -i s
if" the police, had thil bit ii I. .
.i.g .- 1 ( I h:s own :'li;..!iii I
tl.NU Of NINTH KI'lM.-!": . I
?
THE BISP.EE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 22, 1917.
SIX
1
f Ne
New Arrivals in Wool Jersey
Many New SILK SUITS
Priced From $30.00 to $69.50
These elaborate Silk Suits are made of Yo San. Khaki-Konl. Pussy
Willow Taffeta. Printed Shauntung. Silk. Jersey and Combinations of
Silk and Wool Jersey in Oyster White. Beige, Hclgium Blue. Taupe.
Navy. Ivory, Rose. Turquoise, Cold and Weiateria. at $30.00 to $69.50
11
J.
t
SPORT SUITS
A deliplitful new collodion of suits for dress and sport wear; sold,
turquoise, apple green, maize, ruby, prey and white. Trimmed in
harmonizing colors, collar and ruff combinations and some with white
skirts at. $25 00 to )50.00
Women'sfNew Wool Suits CS
i' Price Range at $!3.95 to $60
AVhen you come to cx:im:ne the fabrics you will find thorn
to be of the lcst Poirct Twill. Men's Wear Serge, Wool Popli i.
Trieotine. Fancy stripe Worsteds, Bin re!i;i doth, Cuberdines
and Mixtures, in copen blue, grey, l.avy, m::i"e. black, rose, ta i,
gold and honey shades. Straight l:i.e ..t iVc-t. large fancy si:k
collars, lars" i0"kcts with fancy .ito!.!Ui', tr.ud ajid Mittoti
trimmed. ' 1
Women's Evening Dresses
Fancy stripe silks, georgette crepe, n.eteor and
georgette combination, taffeta and combination of
bead and chenille embroidery, crepe de chine, print
ed georgette crepe, and printed taille silk, in gold,
maize, Copenhagen blue, black, navy and grey.
Blossoming of Dresses
Prices Are $25 to $90
Plenty of choice for every taste silk net made
over metallic cloth, embroidered chifTons, georgette
crepe, and jetted lace. Prices are $ 1 8.75 to $50.00.
Spring House Cleaning
Vacuum Cleaner
Special Bee Electric Cleaner
Regular $30.00 Values
for $20.00
We wish to call your attention
to the FRANTZ PREMIER
CLEANER. To continue mod
ern housekeeping without the
aid of electric cleaning is at ob
solete as to illuminate your
home wothout eletric lights. Its
helpfulness is -worth many times
the cost.
Carpet Sweepers J
We have a complete stock of
carpet sweepers for electric and
hand use. Also many articles
that will be needed in spring
house cleaning, such as Liquirl
Veneer, Calol, Tava Spray, etc.
Mendel Drccker
$23 to $75
You will find that one of these wardrobe
trunks will add much to the pleasure of your
coming vacation.
These trunks
are awaiting
your inspec
tion m
furniture
partment on
the second
floor.
i
nnr
de- & $
L
" j
Oil Stove Ranges
See our new shipment of Perfection oil
cook stoves. We have a complete stock of
these stoves in all sizes and prices, the ideal
e for summer use.
C&arming New Blouses
V admit that their delicacy and daintiness are suggestive of
fraility. but we know there is service in every one. We speak with
authority ami liuality when we say that they are autiientic sprin;;
fashions.
IMous.-s of !;efr''ctt crepe, rrept t!e chin, in all new pastel
shades ami ' i-Mliiuulior.s - also slaplt blojses. tub silk and babutai
from $3.95 to $20.00.
(kr Showins of Summer WASH
FROCKS Is Ready For Selection
Lovely new creations for the Jiot month:; to conic. Its a distinctive
l it ti at ve dir. el r.ltcnt ion to Monday. Crispy, fresh, new dresses
dir'tiy In. m the lasi ion ict.ters and thoroughly embuded with the
high fashion ideas of foremost designers. Of special note are the many
sport filed s included in this showing. Fashioned from tine colored
lawns in. Gripes, limned dots and plaids, embroidered voiles, seed
voiles, printed linen and many stitching combinations. A wide as
sortment to select from and splendid values at
$3.95 up to $25.00
HEW' LOT SAMPLE DRESSES AT $18.75.
In all the leading shades of the season. With beautifully embroidered fancy pockets and
collars, straight line effect coat dresses, charming frocks for street wear made of crepe de chine,
georgette crepe, plain and printed shauntung taffeta, combinations of georgette crepe and crepe
de chine, at $18.75.
Vmi4
k Vl ii
I Ml ;
m
Remarkable Yariety of New
SPORT COATS
Solid colors, checks and plaids, gold, apple green, navy, tan
and black. Fancy wool. Bolivia and Wool Velum. Tim handsom
est Coats this season are made of wool velour and Bolivia, tl Lli.
both beautiful materials, and at the height of style.
From$9.50 to $59.00
Silk Taffeta Coats
Fancy light printed Silk. Moderate price Is a strong point
. in their favor. Coats that are just as they look which means
that they will give satisfactory service.
$17.50 to $25
New Arrivals In
Smartly Styled Suits
Those suits which are so elaborate and varied that they
offer a larger field of selection than any that have been shown
this season.
One of the prevailing combinations is white and gold jersey,
same have colored collars, others are trimmed with large em
broidered dots in the laiest pastel shades Materials are white
jersev, khaki-kool. tussah silk, white pongee and white rajah.
$25.00 to $69.00.
BEAUTIFUL SHOWING OF IpLACK SILKS
BLACK SILK The silk depatrment is well prepared on the good
staple black silks Dependable qualities and a wide range of prices
Few large city stores can show a better range of prices and quality in
black silks.
PEE WEE TAFFETA A soft lustrous crepe taffeta that will not
muss or wrinkle 40 inches wide the yard $2.50.
BLACK CREPE DE CHINE 40 inches wide. The serviceable silk
washable and drapes beautifully the yard $1.75, $2.09 and $2.25.
BLACK SATINS 40 inches wide. Favored style silk the yard
$2.00 and $3.00.
BLACK SILK POPLIN 40 inches wide. Popular price and qual
ity the yard $1.50.
SATIN MESS ALINE 27 inches wide. The reliable staple in all
silk departments the yard $1.00.
26 mches wide the j'ard $1.25, $1.50 and $1.75.
BLACK PEAU DE SOIE 36 Inches Wide A tather heavy good
wearing silk, popular for coats, separate skirts, waists or any service
where good wearing qualities are essential the yard $2.00.
Rew White Summer Footwear
For ThosejWho Appreciate Something Different
Everything in white footwear for men, women and children.
White buck, white canvas, white nile cloth, white nubuck, white sea
islcnd duck and white reignskin. Dress shoes, sport shoes, pumps
and oxfords, leather fibre, and rubber soles. A large range of styles
in white kid of all kinds with heels and no heel styles Pries range
Ch ldren's 85 to $2.25 Women's. $1.25 to $10.00 Boy's 90c to
$3.50 Men's $1.25 to $7.00.
See our al! white window display.
. Gage Steiiiig Sailors '
The saiior slips are rather li-.ie, very trim and neat,
made of fine Milan Slra'.v, Excellent quality and work
manship. All the new colors, at a very small price.
Priced From $6 to $15
id-Summer Hats
White hemp with flowered trimming. Every one
individual and clever. Also Tricorni in white and brunt,
trimmed Leghorns with horse hr.ir braid.
SPECIAL ODD LOTS OF WALL PAPER-15c TO $1,00 PER BUNDLE
TWO TO SEVEN ROLLS OF WALL PAPER TO THE BUNDLE SPECIAL 15c TO $1.00 PER BUNDLE.
SPORT POPLINS 36 and 40 inches
wide in gold, chartreuse, blue and white
ground. Big range of new patterns per yard
$1.75 to $2.50.
-SPORT SHANTUNGS 36 inches wide in
stripes with overprint in gold, blue and purple.
The yard $2.75.
WOOL JERSEY SPECIAL 54 inches
wide Wool Jersey, one of the best qualities to
be had colors, emerald, shadow lawn, mus
tard, Chinese blue, gold and new rose. A fa
vored material for suits and skirts used in
many ways for trimming.
$4.00 Values Special the yard $3.35
BLACK PEAU de SOIE 36 Inches wide
A rather heavy good wearing silk, popular for
coats, separate skirts, waists or any service
where good wearing qualities are essential
the yard $2.00.
SPORT SILKS 36 Inches Wide New ar
rivals of the Sport Silk.s very latest colors and
patterns. Some very striking numbers
Khaki-Kool, the season's most favored silk.
Blue and Gold, Emerald and Gold and Tan,
Blue and Gold the yard $4.00.
35 INCH BLACK TAFFETA A medium
heavy quality splendid for servie and beauti
ful in appearance the yard $2.50.
SWISS TAFFETA 36 INCHES WIDE
A beautiful soft taffeta with unusual lustre, a
real quality number the yard $2.50.
BLACK CHIFFON TAFFETA 40 Inches
Wide Regular skirt width. An excellent
value the yard $2.00.
BLACK CHIFFON TAFFETA 25 Inches
Wide Medium weight good lustre and finish.
the yard $1.75.
BLACK CHIFFON TAFFETA 35 Inches
wide Medium weight very special value the
yard $1.25.
TUSSAH SILK Chinese Pattern and Pai
sley dots on white ground the yard $2.50.
JEROME VERDE WOULD
INCREASE ITS CAPITAL
inrrcase the directorate from five to
sven or nine, the Btockholders of
ti'at eorporation will hold a Bpecial
meeting at Phoenix May 17. This
specinl meeting Is railed by the di
rectors. The transfer books of the
company hnve been closed until after
the session. The directors are to fix
the price at which the additional
In Order To Carry On Exten
sive Development Work
ComDanv PrODOSeS tO rloat riOO OOO shares shall be sold if issued.
500,000 More Shares On!
The Big Markets.
For the purpose cf considering res
olutions to raise the capitalization of ,
the Jerome Verde Copper company j
from fo.OoO.fifio to $Ti.f,no.nno, and to j
The reasons for the desired In
creas" In capitrlizatlon were set
forth hy H. V. Henderson, engineer
for the Jerome Verde, under the date
of March 14. His statement follows:
What Henderson Says
"On resuming operations aho''t
May 1. 191C, we planned to enlarge
"nd deepen your Columbian shaft to
1,04.'! feet, a depth corresponding to
the 1, 400-foot level of the adjoining
Vnitod Verde Extension property,
which is their most hiphly developed
level, and to enrry out a very consid
erable plan of development work and
diamond drilling in the nearer parts
of your property on this level. This
development work was to be done
from the Columhi.-i slvift and also
the north of Hie I'uited Verde Exten
sion worVimrs under en agreement
for a limited ano int of woik that you
iu.'ide with the latter company.
"Since Ma 1. mi'!. w have equip
ped the Columbia slir.ft suitably for
,'eep deve!ojiini nt wotk and have en
larged and Mink it to 1.0H5 feet depth.
TlurinK the coming week we expect
to commence cutting the shaft station
;and sump at the 1.043 level, prepara
tory to drifting and crosscuttiiiK oper
, ations. We have also driven over
1 1.800 feet of dtifts and over 2..100 feet
I of diamond drill holes north of the
United Verde Extension workings.
"In both the portion of the Colum
' bia shalt below tlie limestone and
sandstone raj.pini' and ou rworklncs
northwest of the I'niled Verde Exten
sion niiue, th.' rocks and the evidenc
es of mineralization are very similar
to those in the immediate Wcinity of
the developed ore bodies of the dis
trict, but the amount of work so far
accomplished is entirely inadequate
for the discovery of ore, and this
work with that possible during the re
mainder of this year will be sufficient
to yield information on the possibili
ties of but a small part of the 4S5
acres of your property.
"Since our operations were planned
we have b"en convinced both by the
magnitude of the developments on
the immediately adjacent property
md by study of the conditions expos
I'd underground on your property that
our plans of development should be
enlarged to include a systematic ex
ploration of the whole area of your
property at a depth planned, and we
believe also that some additional
work may prove desirable at other
levels.
"You still have funds available for
the preliminary exploration of a mod
erate area of the more readily acces
sible portions of your property and
for detailed exploration of a smaller
area tinder operation on a somewhat
restricted scale lasting through the
present year. Although we have rea
son for st rone hope that t he areas
which can thus b made accessible
may contain ore bodies, the capped
condition of the ore-bearins formation
! prevents any definite conclusion in
; advance of preliminary underground
I exploration work as to whUh parts of
the property are actually the most faT
j orable for detailed exploration. The
j possibility that some more remote
i portions of the property may be more
; hichly mineralized than the portions
1 nearer the United Verde Extension
ore body is evident from the fact that
the latter ore body is about 3.000 feet
distant from the main United Verde
ore body, and appears to be on rn
! of shearing entirely distinct from the
' main United Verde shear zones.