X '
Batkf
MARKETS.
WEATHER.
Wednesday anil Thurs
day fair: not mix h
change in temperature.
NEW YORK CITY
Average Price of Cop
per for week ending
September 12, 25.83.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
" V
VOL. 20. No. 148.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 28, 19 17.
PRICE nVE CENTS
Miff
v
(
WEEK HAS BEEN
ENTENTE
British Hammering at Gates
of Cambrai Huns Renew
Attack on Fiave River.
Many Prisoners Taken By
H a i g French Forces
Achieve Successes Lively
Artillery Duels in Verdun.
By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Nov. .27. "The
week just closed has been one very
favorable to the allied armies," says
the war department's official com
munique issued today reviewing the
military operations for the week end
ing Saturday.
"The success or the British offen
sive in the region of Cambrai and the
steady resistance of tbe Italians in
the face of the repeated attacks of
the Austro-Cerman forces are two fac
tors which may be considered as cor
relative elements of one and the same
movement.
"It is evident that the enemy took
the offensive in Italy, hoping thereby
to extricate himself from the increas
ingly difficult position in which his
forces find themselves in the west.
The German higher command were
OFFCAL
apparently confident tht, in order to! French capital. They are led respec
save Italy from invasion, such impor-i t1? by Colonel E. M H-ouse David
tant contingents of French and Brit-i Loyd -George, the British premier and
ish troops would be detached from I Victono Orlando, the Italian prime
the western
front as to render any-
thing further in the way of offensives
In this theatre impossible.
Laroe Detailmenta to Italy
"Though
have both
iuo, rreutu auu Drinou ;
dispatched large contin-;
gems w uai, mis nas in no way .
namperea me coniinuance o. tneir oi-j
fensive operations. It is the wastage
of the enemy forces, the slow yet re-,
lentless sapping of his man power by
continued and sudden offensive;
thrusts, whioji must eventually result I the situation as it now stands does
in the softening of his line in the not place the Bolsheviki government
west. This is the ultimate objectives j and its followers in the category of al
of the series of intensive offensives I lies of the central powers.
so successfully pursued by the allies
during tbe past six months.
"The military situation is dominated
lv the spectacular success gained by j
the British forces in their thrust to- j
word ramhmi. Tv ..inntinr npw tap-1
tical methods the British forces have ! Pe'roggid being unable to get in touch
been able to record a greater success, wit O&essa and other points to the
when measured by captured terrain, ! 8utb- Vm,al dvIce8 I t0 016
than any hitherto achieved by either) ff1 .at Rus,a " he arlm J
belligerent in the same space of time dire t raits for ft od,-having had
, . , . ; no bread for several davs.
along the western front Around the village of Bourlon and
,Tfc B,t'h,,We, EC" T..L ru J Bourlon and out Fontaine No-
Throuch the elements ol ' Wb H tra Dame in the region of Cambrai. the
the British numerical superiority ln;Briti8h t s ,reeepinK hard after
men and mobile material, an unusual i th p.Pr,,!,na In m.-w noi
number of tanks and the deployment
of cavalry, the British were able to
record a decided success with very
preat economy ofmunltions and slight
casualties. The German lines of de
fense on a frontage of six miles j French positions in Chaume wood. In
8?tride the Cambrai-Bapaume. road , the eector where our troopg are train
were captured and the Scheldt canal ( ing increased artillery activity is
in front of Cambrai was crossed. j noted. Small detachments while on
"Cambrai. the center of very impor-i patrol duty have gained gome useful
tant railroad and canal lines of com- experience.
tnunicatlon, now comes under the ini-i Italian Hold Positions
mediate fire of British field guns.; "The Italian armies have repulsed
which can easily render the continued; the assaults of the numerically su
tenure of the city by the enemy diffi-'perlor Austro-German forces and have
cult. prevented any further invasion of the
Over 10,000 Prisoner .Iialian plain. Strategic reserves,
"The number of prisoners enumer-! strengthened by allied contingents,
ated hitherto is over 10,000, which ex-! have bjeen constituted. The morale of
ceeds the total British casualties. 'the Ilian forces is improving dally,
"Along the front held by the French j and while the situation is not wholly
forces, the latter have achieved a free from critical aspects the defen
successful coup de main south of sive measures appear adequate to
Juvincourt. in Champagne, resulting meet the situation,
in the capture of some elements of i "In Palestine the British forces un
enemy trenches and the taking of nil-' der General Allenby are advancing
meroiis prisoners. Lively artillery du- rapidly on Jerusalem. Thy have now
els took place north of the Chemin reached a point on the KShialeh road
des names and in the Verdun sector, approximately seven miles west of the
where, as for several weeks past, the 'city, while another force, is bearing
enemy continued to bombard the down from tbe north."
Allies Will Not Halt
West Front Offensive
(By Review leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 27. The Brit- these officers it is expected that of
ish drive on Cambrai will be followsd ficialt, will get graphic reports of the
up relentlessly by similar offen?ves ; preparations being made for the con
along th,e western front, in the opin- tlnuous winter offensive.
ion of olficers familiar with what i3 Meager official reports of the prog
In prospect in France. Authoritative ress of the drive on Cambria indicate
announcement already has been mad.- clearly that General Byng's forces are
abroad that this winter would see no aiming at a great encircling movement,
halt in operations and with the return ; With a wide wedge driven into the
of American, divisional commanders
from observation tours in France it
has become certain that the French
and British armies will prosecute mid
winter campaigns such as never before
attempted.
Secretary Raker said today that the
returnine officers would proceed to,
thir HivlKinnal rnmns and resume
the oersonal tifrection of the training ;
of their men. So far there will be no effort there Is expected as a part of tibition Initiative ordinance. A vij.'-1 authorized at a meeting of stockhold G"ore. the British premier, accom
general conference of the of'ire.rs here. . the pian of forcing tbe Germans backjorous campaign was waged for and era of the Yak tunnel company here pained by Foreign Secretary Balfour
hut It ia likely that they will call on ; from . long section of the coast, where ' against the measure. Approximately i yesterday, it became known today, i and Premier Venixelos of Greece, sr-
Mr. Baker and fcineral staff officers
FAVORABLE TO
ALLIES WAR OFFICE
COMMUNIQUE
SAYS
Bar Aliens
By Review Leased Wire
NEW YORK, Nov. 27. Twelve
of the most important military
piers on Manhattan's water front
were placed under military guard
tonight when detachments of sol-
diers from the coast artillery
went on duty to enforce Presi-
dent Wilson's proclamation bar-
ring aliens from water fronts.
Barbed wire fences have been
stretched in front of some of the
piers and only persons bearing
proper credentials will be per-
mined to pass.
War Chiefs Will
Discuss Plan at
Paris Conclave
(By Review Leased Wire.)
The representatives of the chief na
tions at war with the Teutonic allies
are assembling in Paris for the inter
allied conference at which are to be
discussed momentous questions for
more unified action in tha prosecution
of the war.
. The American, British and Italian
missions already have reached the
,"":..
1U OUUUluu w uciw unmuft
a basis
for stronger joint action against the
enemy countries, the conferees doubt-
acta nt.A m-i 1 1 Hlcnn.o of lanv'h trio on.
nma.mlH .;., in Ruaoia where the
RoiB.hpvifc fartinns In control and
where German staff officers are repor:-
to be acting as military advisers to
the Lenine government. Possibly a
most pertinent point in the discussion
will be the future attitude of the allied
countries towards Itttssia whethert
Russia Growing. Serious.
Inside Russia the unsettled condi
tion of affairs seems to be growing
more serious. All communication has
heen severed between north and south
Russia, allied foreign embassies in
Byng8 forces again have made con
siderable progress, especially a: Fon-
(Contlnued on Page Five)
while enrouts to their posts From
Cambrai front, the British commander
apparently is working bis way behind
I the German lines on his left flank.
' If he surceeds In penetrating deeply
1 in that direction, many officers here
1 believe be will force a retirement by
the Germans on a wide front.
Meanwhile the British and Frenchl
pressure farther toward the Beleian I
roast Is unceasing. A new offensive '
submarine bases are located.,
WHERE BRITISH FIGHTING MEN SMASHED
&':stau?e
ciip on
I.VJ L-
ft 7
I ,
An
frier PaiUrT,
ArtKA
2 &
Rile c.
O l 0 .41
SCALE OA f-tCGS
O 5
tar 5rrr-
rr-'
I MCLUN ,
mm LiNE OF GERMANS' FARTHEST ADVANCB . acassn PRBSBNT BATTLE LINZ
SHADED A2ACAPTUIt!EO IN TUB NEWEST OFFENSIVE
Between the Scarpe river (1) and
the city of St. Quentin (21 the British
forces under General Kyng have shat
tered the vaunted Hindenburg line.
They are now at the gates of Cam
brai (3), a railroad center whose pos
session ia of vital importance to the
VILLA ATTACKS
T
(By Review Leased Wire)
i
T I K V V Mnvlcrt V V 7 Tli:ft
MEXICAN
ROOPS
NEAR
GALLItGO
nhtinr haa orrnrreH htween Ijisnna ,
an! Gflltgoron S S.f tta !"' ' serie9 of M conducted ,
Mexican Central 175 miles south of by federaI agents working under the ;
here, was admitted tonight. What the direction of Immigration Inspector!
extent of the fighting and the size of1"' whle- f Italians, alleged to
the Villa attacking force are is noti be international anarchists, are to-
known, as both the railroad and fel-,ht 'e " cel' he Seattle ;
eral telegraph lines have been cut nd
out of commission all day. For this'
reason only the most meager reports
bave reached here. The passenger
train whic- was scheduled to reachi nose urr-siea are Deiievea Dy ieu-i'" ....
here 'today" from Chihuahua Cltrdidl ofnt'er8 to be member, of the force here. On the right and the cen
nere tooay irom i.ninuauua .ny uiu. ...,, ...,,. . . n.r th Rtmrro ncprt from Monte
t.nt f-oaxh t ho k,ir,lur nn, I lh KOllth-
not reach tne bonier, anu me souiu-i
rin itK -,.,.m anH ' soeieiy siu 10 nave a luemoer -
bound train, with troop escorts flnd ,., - .,(M;000 ln ,he o,,ea
an armored r. was held n the 8taTh are said to have nlo ed the as
tion yards late today await.ng news 7 'a J ',a. j"0,.te.d he
. , i, ,.,,,v ;
from the south. 1
Mexican officials here admitted the
possibility of an engagement near
Chihuahua City, as the Villa and fed-!
r,i i,.v hon in th.nl
vicinity 'ong enough to engage each!
ether. However, the reported fighting
between Laguna and Galliego was not
thought to be a general engagement,,
but probably a raid by Villa cavalry 1
to cut tbe railroad and telegraph lines
between the border and Chihuahua
City. An attack upon Chihuahua City
by Villa was considered highly prob
able, as that is known to have been
one of his objectives.
Following a nnn ber of alarms ate
last night the Juarez garrison troops country and Europe, have been pht-((f ?ray. blue and khaki will combine
were held under arms tonight. A cir-'tins to ruin the morale of the Italian , to form tne barrier that Italy lias sus
cus tent has been erected overlooking armies and injure the c.luse of theitalne(i aione UIltji ow.
the pass to house the heavy guard allies by the circulation of literature j Mar.y British officers were at head
which ia on duty there both day and .branding the war as one waged for.quarter8 today and the streets showed
night. A rush order w rs given here ' capitalistic profit. almost as much khaki as gray. The
late today for two military trains to Prince of Wales renewed his early
h n.nri ,n at nnre and loaded with LEADVILE MINE SOLD. I visit, going along the streets and
troops to be sent south.
SAN DIEGO STAYS WET
sv niwin Cal.. Nov. 27. Bv a .
mnin r 111 vn San Dieco todav
voted down a Dronosed ' bone dry" pro-
21,000 t)tes were cast.
S'NTcol.
JJvarovt jekrt
CANO
Jrxmude
AueJiarde iW
Mr' '
, f erq&
33
to fc
50
Germans.
The French are continuing their op
erations between Craonne (4) and
P.ttry au-Kac (5), but have advanced
very little. The French offensive is
aimed at the fortified city of Laon
(6). which has long been a German
55
ARE ARRESTED BY
L
By Review Leased Wire)
SEATTLE. Wash. Nov. 27.-
o c A fT I ,1-.. .1. v- o .
siaii..... nne a numoer
other, are under arrest at Spokane
aim i auuuid. it is oeueven inai in
I all nearly 80 men were taken.
rr 1 . . ... . . . .
t-1,t-u, DlUlll.BOCiaie, BeiTBl anal Cll-
:;Miiaimii ui iiic King 01 limy uiiu
., ,; w ,s '
"'' T"..!,, u"lIi
-
iuW.iiC ,u-u.r- in me war.
Many or those arrested here wcroi
emP!pp'1 in ai'lV rds. working 0.1
Eovemment contracts; others . were
XJf Lourtr
A1RHISTS
FEDERA
AGENTS
. ., . . J holding solid against repeated attacks
Officers making rrets here met . tMf defemlers reai,y even to take
w th armed resistance in one Instance ag!re!Mllve asaill8t heavy odds, the
when deputies in the water front dis-r..n ,lf .Pnvttv that thn nrevailed
rict were nred upon but none
i.i.mreu. nounii were ni""wnlch pprTaaes all ranks of the army
without trouble. j nnd civlian life.
According to federal officers the. T.u,re u also the feeling that friend-
1 suspects, in co-operation with other.
anarcmruc societies iiirougiioiu uib
; ;
t (Ry Review Leafed Wire.) j
' DENVER. Nov. 27. Sale of one-half j
interest in the Yak tunnel mine at
Leadville. Colo., to the American1
Smelting and Refining company was1,
The consideration was not announced,
HINDENBURG LINE
7
Louvain
ELS
es
Vrtufippnre
oSwppei
L,JiAIUNb-S
base.
The American forces did not par
ticipate in the present offensive. Last
reports from American headquarters
showed the Sammies located north of
Luneville, which is southwest of Ver-
I dun (7).
E5
ON ITALIAN LINE
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
ITALIAN ARMY HEADQUARTERS
IN NOKTHKKN 11A1-1, .Monuay, ov.
26.Flve d(ermine(1 tt ks by Au8
tnGerman forces on the left wing of
the Italian fourth army near Monte
Pertlca. between the BrenU and t.Me
Piave. were delivered today. The
enemy rushes .were beate back mith
V, 1,7, -.n.
j No only the lef but theright tag
i m.v .... ..v.u...n
t'lis lector was subjected to attack.
ttiA 11 . mi f . i nnw allaintnir lid T11I1
I - r-..-- -
. lu,.nn, u..oat..Br,i u. th thn Italians
'
holding their lines at all points.
i The fluctuations of the great battle
haV4 develoned to a stace where the
' . .... V- ,
, resisting Dower of the Italian army has
been demonstrated to be sufficient to
i retard, if not to prevent any sudden
1 rush through the passes leading to the
I Venetian plains. This was regarded
: as a serious measure six days ago, but
1 as each day has shown the Italian lines
ls chanping with a spirit of bouyancy
allied SUDDOrt Is near at a timely
raomnt and tnat the nijngled ranks
mingling un uiw umi-rro at puuui
restaurants in the most democratic
fashion.
BRITISH MISSION ARRIVES.
PARIS. Nov. 27. David Lloyd
rived hers tonight.
as wjuotc
NAM
oitetA yh,
AUSTRO
GERMANS
AK
ATTACKS
HAG
W
NUES DRIVE
CAMBRAI: GERMANS HUE
STRONG DEFENSE OF JUNCTION
RllSSiailS Meet
I'.y Review Leased Wire
London. Nov. 27. a confer-
ence of Russian political leaders
lias assembled at army head-
quarters for the purpose of rep-
resenting all parties, according
a Petrogiad dispatch to the
Times. The leaders have been
joined by, M. Tchernoff. M.
Avksentieff, Professor Miluknff
and Generals Verkbovskv. Ivan-
off and others.
Bolsheviki Will
Be Classed As
A II j Dame and Bourlon led to severe fight
KermaniJ Jllln9- The enemy contested our advance
with great stubborness and the fight
(By Review Leased Wire) j ayd'd backward nd during
WASHINGTON. Nov. 27.-Offl lal ; 2w'y'have advanced our line and
confirmation of the news from Lo.idon. uken more thar 500 pri,oners.
that German staff officers are In j -During the afternoon the enemy at
Pctrograd acting us military advisers) tempted to attack the position we hold
of the Lenine faction probably will beiin the Hindenburg line on the spur
followed promptly by action on the y,e8t 0f Moeuvres, but was driven off
part of the United States and the al- by our fire."
lies definitely to place the Bolsheviki j
regime in the list of Germany's allies.! RRITI?H HFAnor artfr? tv
If the Germans are there, all doubt 1 rAvv- HJ;AD?1 ARTERS IN
, aa , D . hj,llF, , FRANCE. Not. 27. A new assault was
S.TmY'' y the 'British at Fontaine at
I o ; " .dhH d,,pIomat3f ,U f ' dawn afrer a comparatively quiet nisht
obliged to withdraw to . neutral cap!-. fighting developed immediate-
tal. Such a development undoubted-!. r.".!!- v
, , , . . ,, . . ,. . ly. The Germans poured a heavy tna-
ly would be followed by immediate hin. firo ,inot tha rh,,.
cancellation of all orders for supplies
of Russia both in the United States
and Japan. Several cargoes from the
United States are now on the way to soutneast of Fontaine, also was
Vladivostok, but these can be diverted broul!nt int0 at.tlon against the at
by wireless orders, and it has been tacking troops.
understood that their delivery would: Thls ma..hine ,. fire oresented th
be contingent upon evidence that they
wouia noi lau mio unxneiiuiy :ius the Germans in the hamlet were work
Situation May Be Serious I ing from behind walls and other
With Germans oDenlv advisine Le-! cover, while it was necessary for the
nine and his foil ers. It is assumed
that efforts wilf be "made to " carrv
Russia infn tho nnsition nf an active.
ally of the central rowers. This might
produce a most serious situation by
makinz available to Gernianv the vast'
stores of food, oil and cotton of Rus -
sia, and even though the Teutons
found it imDossible to convert the dis
organized country into an active mili -
tary ally, the million or more German. point ana Dring nam a pariv 01 tng
Austrian and Turkish prisoners held . 'sh troops that had been holding out
in Russia would be freed for service! i" the southern part of the hamlet
h. Toittnnie urniips
Ever since the overturning of the! awmipi maa 10 remain in
Kerensky government military strat-.the village after th.s bodv of m.n
c gists here have been r.ntkipating had been rescued and gotten hack
such conditions as exist today in Rus- through the gap in the Cerman line,
sia. This is one of the principal prob-l U.,wa3po"en . k morn,n th "T
lems with which the inter-allied war!ot,r dr ot Bnth ,roof9 wa" nI,,,,
council in Paris is expected to deal.!1"" tion in 'hf. aJ ?lim.rZ r
Without being bound bv any special f the tb G'rma.D9 b"ut
. . , , ' ,. 3 , them. But this is uncertain,
instructions. Colonel House and his .. a.i, t.-i-
military adviser. General Bliss, villi Lull'l, !
. . . ... Tha .enemy delivered . counter at-
co-operate with the represen atives 0f!,ack apainst7the northea,t corner r
the entent powers ,n framing ielBorlon wood abcut w oVlock ,asf
policy to meet the situation. j niRht but wag repulsed The British
Russians May Revolt , hng this morning is holding firm along
Strong hope is felt that an attempt the northern fringe of the wood aad
by Lenine to turn Russia over to Ger-( Up to the edge of Bourlon village,
many will meet with powerful resist- Outside of the operations about
ance at home. Any action decided Fontaine and Bourlon there was lit
upon by the allies will be directel at! tie infantry action on the rest of the
the Petrograd extremists and not at front iast night. The British artillery
the people of Russia. I has heen hammering the Germans
Reports that tome from the Cos-I heavily at rarious points and during
sack country that the hetman, Gen-lthe r.i?ht projected a considerable
eral Kaledines, may be the master of amount of gas into Queant.
tbe situation through his control of I The weather moderated soraewh.it
the food which is necessary to main-! late yesterday and heavy ftorms set
tain any military force in the north in. It rained torrents most of the
of Russia, have encouraged military 1 night and for a time this turned to
experts here to believe that In spite! snow, small patches of which are still
of the aid of his German advisers' to be seen about the countryside. The
LeniHe and his faction may be brought -
to terms.
Americans and Teutons
Engage In Fist Fight
(By Review leased Wire.)
BERLIN. Nov. 2". via London.
A report received from. the western
front desciibing the American troops
in action says:
"Independent American units have
been thrown into the trench line. The
felt hat has given away to the English
fashioned steel helmet and the whist
ling and bursting of shells have be
come familiar sounds to American
eara.
"For the first time since they have
been participating as independent con
tingents the Americans have tasted
the real hand scuffle. But this time
the shells did not merely fly over their
heads, but into the very trenches tbey
had relected. and presently, with an
infenal noise, these things which the
young soldiers believed to be . firm
protection, began to quake and burst.
"And hard on tl.e heels of Uils. .
firm attack by our onrushing Bavar
ian reserves forced the way into the
American trenches and musket shots
and bursting hand grenades relieved
the artillery fire.
"Our new opponents made . most
determined defence and desperate
ON
Field Marshal R e p o r t s 500
Prisoners Taken Fight
c . .
oways loandrro.
j German Machine G u n Fire
Makes Advance Difficult
British Troops Make Ad
vance at Fontaine.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
LONDON. Nov. 27. The report
from Field Marshal Haig's headquart
ers tonight says:
"At dawn today our local attacks
in the neighborhood of Fontaine Notre
,rm ,h wln1na.. ,rf rr. f h,,ii,i.
, nrt . Inr. ,,.,, nf
enemv niarhin -un. . t. FoIie wood
1 mailI cjiffioulty to the advance, for
Brih to charge acnws more or less
i open atretcbes. giving the enemy a
. good chance to sweep their rank
! ith an intense fire.
British Rescue Companions.
Th? battle on the southern edge of
j Bourlon village continued last night.
As a result of a determined drive
! against the German line fie British
ere enabled to break through at one
-and hau been isolated lor some time.
(Continued on Page Five
j hand to-hand fighting set in. Butts of
j guns, fists and hand grenades were
j freely brought into play and many men
'fell to the ground before the rest gave
jup resistance an l surrendered. AftT
j a bare hour the German storming
troof'S were back ln their own trenches
I with booty and prisoners.
I "There they stood before us. the-e
I young men from the land of liberty,
i They were sturdy and sportsmanlike
in build. Good natured smiles radiat
ed from their blue eyes and they were
quite surprised that we did not pro
pose to shoot them down as they bad
been led in the French training camp
to believe we would do.
"They know no reply to our query.
Why aoes the United States carry on
war against Germany? The sinking
!of American sJiips by U-boats, which
j was the favorite pretext, sounds a
; trifle stale. One prisoner expressed
! the ( pinion that we had treated Bel
: gium rather badly. Another asserted
' that it was Lafayette who brought
I America French aid in the war of in
I dependence and because of this the
- United States would now stand by-France." TWO
THE BLSBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 28, 1917.
CABINET WOULD
CONTROL 1 1 IF
POOLING FAILS
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 27. The rail-
road problem was discussed at length j
at today's cabinet 'meeting. After-1
ward it was said that government op-j
oration of railroads during the wari
will be attempted only if it becomes
certain the roads themselves are un
able to deal with yi.'ficulttes that
confront them.
The general belief among the admin
istration officials is that the pooling :
plan about to be inaugurated by the I
roads should be given a thorough try- j
out and that if it fails the government:
then should take a hand. There is
some doubt, however, that any pooling!
plan will work as well as it might so
long as each road is compelled to con-j
cern itself with its individual prdfits. !
Since congestion and coal distribu-1
tion are linked so closely, officials are j
watching a movement towards the pool-
ing cf coal shipments in the middle i
west. If the plan works well it will !
be extended with government encour-
agement to other districts. ' Govern- j
merit requisitioning of coal and a gen-!
eral government coal pool are consid-!
ered likely next year. At the present j
there is a disposition, to let contracts!
run cfit before a government pool is'
formed.
The committee of railroad hea"ds :
named cere yesterday by the railroad
war board to direct operation of the '
railroad pool will hold Its first meet-;
ing tcmorrow in Pittsburg". Fairfax
Harrison, chairman of tbe war board, ;
today blamed much of the freight con-;
gesrtfon In the east to routine priority!
orders issued by government depart-;
ments. . I
In the country as a whole, Mr. Har-'
rison said congestion is not so severe.
"Reports from the west," he added. 1
"show no serious congestion and that!
tbe railroads are handling the traffic 1
in as satisfactory a manner as could
be expected in view of the large vol-
ume. They are unable to furnish all ,
the cars asked for. but this is largely '
due to the detention of cars in eastern j
territory. In the southeast the roads ;
could handle a still larger business." j
BOYS WRECK TRAIN.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
W1CLEETKA, Okla.; Nov. 27. The
playful throwing of a piece of scrap
iron, to which a rope had been at
tached, by three boys on the tracks
of the T. Louis and San Francisco rail
road rear here. 'caused the wreck Sun
day rooming of the fast train known
as 'thjj. Meteor end the- subsequent
de&th of two members cf the train
crew, according to a confession made
by the boys to their pareuts today,
-According to .authorities here, noac;
tion -has been taken against the boys.
"I SHOULD WORRY
: NOW ABOUT CORNS"
They Peel Off With "Gets-It"
Two corns are no worse than one,
and one U nothing at all when you
use "Gets-It", the one real corn
shrinker, corn ltAjscr.er, peel-it-right-ofl
corn-remover. Thats because two
OM Cora Pins "frtu-it" Eqaala
Ou I mI, Cora Free.
drops of "Gets-It" eases your' corn
pains at once, and you know that that
old crop has been "nipped In the bud."
"Gets-It" makes cutting and digging at
a torn and fussing with bandages,
t-alves or anything else entirely un
necessary. Remember "Gcts-lt" is
cafe.
YouH not have to take off yur shoe
or pumps under the table at the cafe
to ease your squirming soul. See that
you get "Gets-I.". Don't be Insulted by
imitations. 25c is all you need pay at
any drug store for "Gets-It," or it will
be sent direct by E. Lawrence & Co.,
Chicago, I1L
Sold in Bisbee and recommended as
the world's best corn remedy by the
f'Uelp3 Dodge Mercantile Co. Adv.
&i-& III
' ' v,
Store Closed Tomorrow
Tomorrow being Thanksgiv
ing, end in observance of the
occasion, this store will remain
closed all day.
....Do your shopping today.....
NEWS
OF GERMAN
IS
U.S.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 27. Informa
tion revealing the extent of misrepre
sentation employed by Germany in an
effort to inflame public opinion
nga:nst the United S'.ates In neutral
as well as hostile countries in reach
ing Washington. The propagandists
have been especially busy in Switzer
land and Sweden.
One of the principal reports relied
en to stir feeling in Switzerland is
t!:at an American army will pass
ttrotigh that country in the spring of
1918. Other misrepresentations in
clude reports of mistreatment of
Swiss subjects in the United States
and antagonism in this country
against the Swiss.
An entirely different plan appar
ently is used in Sweden. There Ger
man agents give the widest publicity
to letters purporting to have been
written by persons in the United
States. These represent the Ameri
can people as indifferent to the war
with the government sternly sup
pressing "uncomplimentary newspa
pers and peace orators.
Vienna apparently has become a
fertile field for the propagandists
There the newspapers are open to
them without question and published
reports tell of the "artificial cultiva
'ion" of war: of mistreatment of Ger
man subjects; of a panic seizing
An.eHcan government officials when
the results of German's submarine
campaign became known and other
such statements.
GOVERNMENT'S STAR -WITNESS
IN HINDOO
TRIAL WONT TESTIFY
(By Review Leased Wire)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 27. The
trial here of 34 persons charged with
having conspired to foment an up
rising against British rule in inaia
was marked today by the refusal to
testify of one of the government's
star witnesses and completion ot the
cross-examination of another witness,
who, the prosecution contends, was a
go-between for the principals in the
alleged plot. The witness who re
fused to testify was Jodh Singh, who
appeared for the prosecution in Hin
du plot trials in British Indian and
Chicago.
When Jodh Singh declined to testi
fy, thereby changing his status from
witness to a defendant on trial, and
was arraigned on and pleaded guilty
to a charge of conspiracy, Hindu de
fendants in court created a commo
tion with their cries of elation and
encouragement.
Jodh later attempted to change his
plea to not guilty on the ground that
in the emotional stress of the moment
and while under a misapprehension
bo had entered the opposite plea The
ciwrt continued his case until Satur
day, when he will fce given an oppor
tunity to show that "he was not aware
of his legal rights when he entered
bis plea.
Kumud Nath Moekerjee, an attor
ney of Bangkok, Siam. testified be
had been paid to convey a mes
sage from Bangkok to unidentified
persons in Calcutta on a certain date,
and that the recipients of the mes
sages were ready to receive the ship's
cargo of arms and ammunition.
The witness also declared he had
been told that five ships similarly
loaded were to land simultaneously at
different points on the coast of India,
and that he had pointed out these
places on a map to a German consular
officer.
GLOBE MAN SUICIDES
(By Review Leased Wire)
GLOBE. Nov. 27. Claude Looney,
propiietor of a small restaurant here,
committed suicide last night by slash
ing his throat upon returning from a
visit, to a doctor. Despondency over
his health is ascribed as the cause.
Before using the knife be had begged
his sister for poison and when ghe
went for help he cut his throat.
GUNBOAT SMITH QUITS.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. 27. Fred Ful
ton, Minnesota heavyweight, won a
technical knockout over Gunboat
Smith in the seventh round of their
scheduled 10 round fight here tonight
when Smith's seconds tossed in a
i sponge to save him from further pun
ishment
PROPAGANDA
REACHING
Sinking of Ship
Is Graphically
Toldby Witness
LONDON, Nov. 27. The full story
of tbe sinking of the two British de
stroyers Strongbow and Mary Rose by
German cruisers on October 16 was
first told by Sir Eric Geddes, the
first lord of the admiralty, In a speech
to the house of commons. As he said
these destroyers upheld, the highest
traditions of the navy by attacking
ships of far greater strength, and fight
ing to the last Sir Eric said:
"On October 16 the. two destroyers,
Strongbow and Mary Rose, with three
small but armed vessels, only one of
wnicu was fitted with a wireless, es-
corted a convoy of 12 ships bound for
the Shetland Islands from Norway. Juonant in me Dener ma: wey naa suc
During the night .one of the threelceeded in demonstrating that the jail
smaller armed vessels the one which ! was not big enough for both them and
was fitted with wirelessdropped back their keepers. ' ,
to screen a ship of the convoy which Nn tner militants still are 1m
bad to stop owing to her cargo having prisoned. They have not been hunger
shifted. I striking and the authorises were not
"The convoy was then accompanied in 8ucn a hurrv 10 be rid jf tnem
by the destroyers Strongbow and i There were Intimations tonight. how-
Mary Rose, both of which had
less installation, as well as by two
other small craft which were not fit
ted. About 6 a. m. on the 17th, just
as day was breaking, the Strongbow
sighted two ships to the southward
whicn were closing fast. Visibility was
about two miles, and Strongbow, hav-
in hal1onra1 an, raxolvoM an
isfactory answer, at once gave order
for action.
The enemy's first shot wrecked her
wireless room and did other damage.
Sfl X jLmrSZ
' . I '
uiiitcn ouu irew, cue was buuk.
The other destroyer,
Mary Rose,
was immediately attacked by the two
r, , - . - , enjoy me aeuciicies ana ui luigei uui
German jessels and blown up by ! afre and feeding tubes,
shot in her magazine, i Speculation as to why the prisoners
, . Th5 enemy r88el8-which! were released covers a wide field,
later detailed reports show were of ajMostof the women Deueve that Police
very fast cruiser class then Droceed-1 j..a ..n...- .v. ... a .i
ed
..A i w . ders tTOm 'higher ups". In some quar-
Owing to the fact ttat the escort ter8 however, it is suggested ;bat the
vessel which was fitted with wireless i authorities may be playing the English
had been detached, and owing to j cat ami mouse" game, intending to
Mary Rose being sunk Immediately j joe up the militants as often as they
and Strongbow's wireless being pOtlappear with their bannners a; the
out of action by the first shot, no mes-l white House and turn them loose as
sage reached the admiral command-1 Boon as they hunger strike t'J the
iur iue urKneys. ana me commanaer-1
in-chief of the grand fleet, or the ad
miralty, that the convoy had been at
tacked until the surviving ships ar-
rived at Lerwick. The admiralty did I
not receive the information until 7 j livery bis annual address to congress
p.m. Having regard to the disposition j next week. The militant hope the
of our forces on the 17th,. we are en- j president will include a recommenda
tltled to say that we received wireless ! tion for a federal suffrage amendment
information, and with three vessels j In the message,
suitably fitted it is reasonable to ex- j Was A Surrender,
pect that we should have received that j ALBUQUERQUE, N M , Nov 27
information the British navy would 1 Miss Annie Martin, national vice'ehair
have asked no better chance than It ' man of the National Woman's party,
then had to Intercept the raiders on ! tonight characterized the release of
their return journey. In this case the the twenty-two White House pickets
opportunity was denied us. from jail as "the surrender of an un-
"The Scandinavian convoy system tenable position."
was started in April of this year, and I "The solution of the picketing prob
more than 4,500 vessels have been con-1 lem lies not in the sentencing of wo
voyed by the British navy. This is the men to seven months In jail when they
first occasion upon which a single ship ! cannot be kept there four weeks,
has been lost by surface attack in i Treating them as criminals for exercis
the Scandinavian convoy. I mention ing their constitutional right of peti
this convoy particularly; but there are I tion is only strenethenine the aeita-
other convoys continually passing up tion. The only solution is the immedl
and down and across the North Sea, ate passage of the nation wide suffrage
and our losses in them have been pro-' amendment as a war measure. 1 be-
pornonateiy less." ;
I
LAURIER'S ELECTION DEPLORED'
(By Review Leased Wire.) I
LONDON, Nov. 27. The Daily Mail. :
in an editorial on tbe Caadian elec-;
tions. calls it a "great misfortune"!
It declares that Laurier's supporters!
have undertaken to wreck the Cana- ers, three of them women and 11 fed
dian army at the most moment of the ' eral soldiers, were wounded when a
war, and condemns Laurier's conten-1
tion that voluntary service will give
til the men required. It says this; cho, about 50 miles south of Guaymas,
has already been tried and has failed,! Sonora, Sunday night, according to in
as it failed in Great Britain, adding: j formation reaching here tonight The
Victory for Laurier would mean
that Canada would have to drop out
of the war." '
Drawing the Line
On Coffee
has started a happier existence for thousands
of people, who, having a thought for nerves,
stomach and heart, have switched to
POSTUM
as their usual table
This delicious
wheat roasted wun a mue wnoiesome mo
lasses, contains no caffeine nor other injurious
drug, yet it has a snappy, coffee-like taste.
Postum makes for health, comfoit and
efficiency
22 PICKETS ARE
RELEASED FROM
WASHINGTON JAIL
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 27. Twenty
two hunger striking militants 'of the
woman's party were turned out of the
District of Columbia jail today with
the explanation that their sentences of
from fifteen days to seven months bad
been commuted tt expire at once.
No official statement as to the cause
j to 1B had. but the women were
wire-jever' lnal e reieaseu un
morrow. Among those freed were
Miss Alice Paul, national chairman of
the woman's party, sentenced five
weeks ago to seven months' imprison
ment for so called picketing of the
White House and Miss Lucy Burns,
vice chairman, who began serving a
six months' sentence two weeks ago.
' th of LJl
panlons had been forcibly fed from
time to time and they had harrowing
stories to tell of their treatment.
hearsas the ocn for cef-
eDration and feasting. Some of the
party had to be put to bed but even
those who were weakest managed to
... . -.
danger point,
At the womans' party headquarters
it was said tonight no further demon
strations at the White House will be
staeed until after President Wilson de
lieve congress will do that If the pres-
ident recommends it In 'his message."
YAQUIS WOUND MANY.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NOGALES, Nov. 27. Four passeng-
band of Yaqui Indians fired on a South-
ern Pacific de Mexico train near Len
railroad company, as a result of the
'attack, lias temporarily suspended
traffic south from Guaymas.
beverage.
cereal drink, made from 1
"There's a Reason'
Sold by
CONSTIPATION
And Sour Stomach Caused This
Lady Much Suffering. Black
Draught Relieved.
Meadorsville, Ky. Mrs. Pearl Pat
rick, of this 'place, writes: "I was
very constipated. I bad sour stomach
and was so uncomfortable. I went to
the doctor. He gave me some pills.
They weakened me and seemed to
tear Tin mr riffTMtlnn Thv wmitri
grip me and afterwards It seemed
I was more constipated than before.
I aeard of Black-Draught and de
cided to try it. I found it Just what I
needed. It was an easy laxative, and
not bad to swallow. My digestion soon
Improved. I got well of the sour stom
ach, my bowels soon seemed normal,
no mors griping, and I would take a
dose now and then, and waa In good
nape.
I cannot say too much for Black.
Draught for it is the finest laxative
one can use."
Thedford's Black-Draught has for
many years been found of great value
in the treatment of stomach, liver and
bowel troubles. Easy to take, gentle
and reliable in Its action, leaving no
bad after-effects. It has won the praise
of thousands ot people who have used
it. NC-135
NEGRO FUGITIVE SURRENDERS
TO GOVERNMENT OFFICERS.
! (Py Review Leased Wire.)
BOSTON. Nov. 27. John Johnson,
j the West Virginia negro whom Gover
j nor McCall last week declined to sur
render to the authorities of that state
on extradition papers, gave himself
: up to the federal authorities today and
was held for a bearing December 5th
: on a complaint charging him with be
I Ing a fugitive from justice. His coun
sel, William H. Lewis, formerly Unl
; ted States assistant attorney general,
announced that the case would be
fought to a finish. Bail of $2,000 was
furnished by the pastor and treasurer
i of a Cambridge church.
The indictment against Johnson, re
j turned by a federal grand jury in West
! Virginia, charges violation of the
j Mann white slave act through the
i transportation of Edith Godbey. a
1 white girl, from Charleston, W. Va.,
; to Cattlesburg, Ky., in November, 1916,
'. for alleged Immoral purposes. In the
extradition proceedings on which the
; governor acted last week, Johnson
. was charged with assault on a child.
SHERIFF SHOOTS INSANE 'MAN.
(By "Review Leased Wire.)
PUEBLO. Colo., Nov. 27. William
Dobb ,a negro who escaped from the
stafc asylum here this morning, was
shot and probably fatally wounded by
' S. P. Woods.a deputy sheriff at Swal
lows, 15 miles west f Pueblo this eve
ning. The sheriff's office was notified
and officials have left for Swallows
to bring the wounded man to the hospi
tal. Dobb was a desperate character,
according to Information, received by
.the police and when Woods attempted
to arrest him. put up such a hard fight
that Woods was forced to shoot -him
three times to protect his own life.
MUST SUPPORT LENINE.
LONDON, Nov. 27. All government
' officials who declined to recognize the
Lenine government, according to a
Petrograd dispatch to the Timed, will
be dismissed from office as were the
employes of the ministry of finance,
who declined to work for the Bolshe
vik!. The central committee of work
men's and soldiers' delegates announc
ed its firm intention to crush the op
position in the ministry of finance and
among bank officials, and to undertake
to control the state expenses itself.
Ik' ,
71 is . k
m m
f P
i
Grocers every
r
contractors in Bisbee buy
from US. They figure it
is WORTH WHILE to do
o. WHY DON'T YOU?
If you need them to
figure your work PHONE
US and we will see that
they get in touch with
you.
If your contractor has
NOT figured with us ask,
him to do so ; it will be to
your benefit.
Gibson-llines
Lumber Co.
J.W.FSmith.Wgr.Fh
Phone 82
GUAftD YOUR
HEALTH!
Use Pasteurized Cream and Milk
At Your Grocers.
J
The Pure Milk Depot,
Johnson Bldg, Main St
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Resptctfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
CATARRH
BLADDER
EaUsTBd la
24 Hours
sol ben tue MM)
Bewar ofeomtrrftum
CHICHESTER S PILlS
troaclM. A.k f-, I'll M llVn-TE
mr vai
ItlAMON KHAI FILL.
yean kaoM as Best, Sitart. Al van Ralt
SOLD BY DRl'GGFK FVf RYWHERf
am
fifiiHnrvt j
ill JBIIMI AT
m. rii i
ldiI Am ar Inl4 It S.
( kMklrr, lUm4 Brma4V
Villa la Rr4 ad 4icM aituilaWV
b.,, ith HI a R.a, V
TaLa h a4hr- Rnt mf tm V
if a
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co., Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A. BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO. .
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. ra. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$ 1 0 by the week.
. Henry Poppen. Manager.
Bisbee Lumber
J. B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
SUITS
MADE
TO
ORDER
Remember, these suits
are made from genuine
$25 materials.
Every thread guaran
teed Strictly All Wool
with a satisfactory fit or
vour money back.
WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OF
LADIES' ALTERATIONS.
D. H, Evans
BREWERY GULCH
Opposite Uncle Jim's
Closing Out Odds and Ends
IN
Men's Suits
$12 to $15 Values Now
$6.95
CARO&CO, 20 Brewery Gulch
. EYE NERV GLASSES
- Tffv'fev Study and much r
Sj search work sines
' 1892. is the cause of
my successful practice
in Bisbee. Dr. R.
Olaxa, Neutrologlst,
Room 1. Maze Bldg., Phone, OSica
lS, Residence, Black 420.
Telephone 446
A Phone Call Will Bring Us.
LOS ANGELES JUNK SHOP
Highest Cash Prices Paid For
Metals. Rubber, Rags, Sicks, Bottles,
Bones. Iron, Hides. Pelts, etc
HOROWITZ BROTHERS. Proprietors
Lowell, Arizona.
THE REVIEW
Job Department
. will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
WaTKLNS & BERGQU1ST
Jewelers and Opticians'
The HALLMARK W.
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRINQ. HE8ULT8
GOOD LUMBER IS AT THE
BOTTOM
of our success. Low prices may
help some, but it's the fine qual
ity of our lumber that brings
our customers back time and
again. It pay us to sell good
lumbtr. It will pay you. better
to buy it. It lasts longer and
is more satisfactory to work up.
Try us with an order and you'll
come back when you want more.
Company. nc
I
WO
$IWT0$20
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE 26. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 28, 1917.
THREE
r
3iArs snow WHAT GERMANY expects to get out of the
WAR AXD HOW ALLIES PROPOSE TO THWART HKR PLAXS
eowrisM Krt SchaOner Met
You Arc NOT Hard to Fit in
Hart Schaffner & Marx Ciotnes
Perhaps you think you're hard to fit in clothes.
Ycu may be a little broader, more solid than most
men, or you may be taller than the average, with
your head a little forward.
It isn't necessary to go to a tailor for your
do-'hes. We can fit any figure in
HART SCHAFFNER & MARX CLOTHES
It isn't speculative, either; it's guaranteed.
One visit is enough no try-ons. Save time and
money. All-wool fabrics in the finest styles, silk
lfced, perfectl'. tailored.
Wheeler Must HORRORS OF INJECTIONS
Not Quit Board j FOR BLOOD POISON
Campbell Says
i
Harry Vheelcr, sheriff of Cochise'
county .resigned his position as draft!
ofticer for t.'ie county, hut Coventor!
Campbell refused to accept the resi?-l
nation and sent It on to Washington I
for action. Sheriff Wheeler has so;
much to do In connection with his;
regular official duties that he felt tie
could not do justice to both offices.
On the other hand Governor Camp
bell arjrued that the great little sheriff!
wa irdispensible as a draft official.
His care and training and talks to the I
drafted men have helped them morei
than can be told. A great many of!
them have sent In letters from canton- j
ments bearing witness to the sheriffs j
aid and counsel while they were mobi-1
lized and waiting to go to camp. Co-j
chise men made a better showing up-
on arrival at Camp Dentins than any !
other contingent.
So the governor declined to accept
Contain Wheeler's resignation and in
sists that he serve until the. end of!
the draft. .
GET IT
What you pay ft)r. Lowell Paint
Shop. Phone 701. Box 3994, Lowell.
Satisfaction guaranted. Adv.-202
Number 40 Is Safe.
Dr. Fritz Lesser tf Berlin. Germany,
reports the deaib of 16 patients out of
18 who received injections of a nos
trum known as salversan or 605. Pos
mortem revealed arsenic poisoning. If
you value your life do not submit to in
jections jf arsenic and mercury when
you can secure a safe remedy like
Number 40 For The Blood, the ingredi
ents of which are set down in the I.
S. Dispensatory and other medical
works as follows: "Employed in dis
eases of the glandular system, in
blood poison, mercurial and lead pois
oning, scrofula, chronic rheumatism
and catarrh, constipation, stomach and
liver troubles. Under its -use nodes,
tumors, glandular swellings, sores, ulc
ers and skin eruptions that have with
stood all other treatment disappear as
if by magic." Made by J. C. Mendep
hall, Evansville. Ind., 40 years a drug
gist. S)ld exclusively in Bisbee at Central
Pharmacy, opposite Orpbeum. in Ijo
well by Lowell Drug Co., in Douglas by
Owl Drug Co. Adv.
COWBOY ORGANIST
Frank Frazier, known as the cow-j
boy musician, has been enmployed toi
play the pipe organ at the Lyric thea-j
Ire. Frazier is well known through-!
"out the southwest and has press notic
es showing him to be good. !
' rip
f SERVE COLO I
iff I ifcfe
hfjJ LJh jzk
TRAINED NURSE
ENDORSES TANLAC
Graduate of London, England,
Says She Improved Rapid
ly After Taking It.
On of the maps shows the Pan-German scheme a Teutonic, imperialistic wedge driven straight through
the center of the Europeancontinent, cutunj it into three sharply separated sections, providing purely Ger
man trade route from the North sea to the Persian gulf, nad constantly suggesting niid favoring further en
croachments on the non-Teutonic neighbors to the east and west. The other shows the anti-German scheme
a solution which would end Pan-Germanism once for all. It would free the non-Teul.jr.ic peoples from Ger
many and Austria. It would mean, by a railway link from Trieste through Pressburg and Lohemia to Petro
grad, free and unobstructed intercourse Letv.-een the eastern and western ron-Geiraans.
WORK OF Y.V.G.A.
EXPLAINED TO MEN
AND WOMEN HERE
""StincfivtBeverafe
t. in r r n h n
il CENTRAL CONSUMER
vVhen you feel the need
for an exhilarating bever
agedrink Ambrosia.
You'll like the subtle flavor
So when you are thirsty or
dred simply say -
FEHR'S
c3
Mrs: Lena Blobmfield, a trained
nurse residing at 3900 San Jac.nto
street, Dallas, Texas, is but one oraoi; j
many in her profession who, after to-: :
ing the merits of Tanlac, have come
forward with unqualified endorsements
of the "Master Medicine." Mrs. Bloom
field graduated in London, England,
and for several years followed her pt
fession in New York, Denver and Dal
las. Her statement, soming as it; does
from one of such wide experience in
relieving suffering, will be of interest
to hundreds of this section who are
seeking relief. In telling of the ben
efits she has derived from the use of
Tanlac, Mr3. Blc'jmfield said:
"Some time ago I had a severe shock
that brought on nervous prostration
and I suffered from awful headaches
all the time. My s.omaob was out of
order and most everything I Vould eat
disagreed with me I usually have a
sunny disposition end try to be cheer
ful under all circumstances, but I had
bec'jme so weak and rundown and my
trouble weighed on me so much I had
gotten to the point where I felt de
pressed and despondent and had no de
sire to live or do anyihing else.
"A friend of mine recommended Tan
lac to me and as I was anxious to find
something that would relieve me, I got
a fJttle. My improvement was par
ticularly noticeable when I was on my
third bottle, when my appetite picked
up and my flesh became much firmer.
Those headaches are leaving me and I
don't feel so tired as I used to be all
the time. My sleep is refreshing, my
stomach and nerves are stronger and I
feel I owe much to Tanlac for what
it has done for me, and will continue
to use it for some time because jf the
good it is doing me."
Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug Co.,
in Paradise 'by G. A. Walker, in Bowie,
by Bowie Drug Store, in San Simon by
J. B. Cooke, in Willcox by A. A. Nlcli
olt'jn, in Lowell by Iowell Drug Co.,
and in Benson by C. F. Moss Phar
macy. Adv.
jx Distincfive.BevRrafy
At betels, restaurants, drag store,
grocery stores, foanteiae end
wherever beverages are sold
Order it by the case from your dealer
CENTRAL CONSUMERS COMPANY
LOUISVILLE KENTUCKY
MYERS, DARLING & HILTON CO.,
Wholesale Distributors.
,HICH SCHOOL TO BE DEDICATED
The dedication ceremony of the Lo
well High school will be held at the
building at eight o'clock tonight. An
elaborate program has been arranged
for the occasion. Mrs. C. C. Finlay
son will jfliciate. Following is the pro
gram: "I Love You Arizona" Jr. High School
Chorus.
Introductory Remarks Supt. C. F.
I'hilbrook.
Address H'.in. C. O. Case. State Super
intendent of Public Instruction.
"The Storm King" Jr. High School
ChoruR.
Reading Mrs. English
Vocal Solo "Life's Mirror." Miss
Olive Horton.
Star Spangled Banner Audience.
Miss Julia T. Lee, national secretary
of the Y. W. C. A. sp'jke to the busi
ness men and association members
who attended the luncheon given by
the Y. W. C. A. at the Y' yesterday. A
large number of prominent Bisbee men
and women enjoyed Miss Lee's expla
nation of the great need of the work
which :he association is doing both in
thi 3 country and France.
A budget of $4,000,000 is to be raised
by the association by December 10. Of
l is sum, $500,000 is to be devoted to
providing emergency housing for the
women and girls employed in munition
factories and similiar industries where
the war has compelled women to take
the place of men. The number of
these employees is increasing daily,
and it has been impossible l'jr the
government and the factories to keep
up with them. The Fosdick commis
sion has turned to the Y. W. C. A. to
take care, of this work as a logical con
clusion. The war has brought forth situations
that have never been known before.
One of them is the enlistment 'of girls
in the navy department y whom the
name of "yoemanette" has been given.
It was Mrs. Coontz, wife of the Captain
who asked the association to pro
vide a place where these girls could
have recreation and at the Bremerton
navy yard, a building has been fi.ted
into a gymnasium and club rooms
where the girls can enter'-ain their
friends and rest when their day's work
is "over. This means an improvement
of the morals of the community.
The women of the nation constitute
the second line of defense. It is they
who make the clothing which the sol
diers wear, who prepare the food, and
who even manufacture he ammunition
which they handle. It is easy to see
that their work then is just as import
ant in its way in contributing to the
success of thV waf as is the work of
men in the trenches. In many places
:hey work twelve hours a day and then
go to their rooms and sleep in beds
that have been occupied during the day
by girls employed at night. It is evi
dent that to be able to do their work
in the best way, these women must
have a place to rest and &'jme recre
ation while off duty.
The Patriotic League, composed of
girls from every walk of life now num
bers 200,000. Its purpose is to teach
girls how they can best serve their
country, and its members take an oath
to do their Work better than ever be
fore and to live up t'J the highest stand
ards of l.'juor and patriotism. The
girls wear a button which enables
thera to recognize, each other and the
feeling of comradship which exists be
tween them enables girls from society
and from factories to meet on a com
mon gi'jund. and to live up to the same
high standards.
The hostess house is an outgrowth
of the request ' of Colonel Paul Wolf
of the I'lattsburg training ramp that
the Y. W. C. A. provide a place where
the men might meet their mothers, sis
ters, wives and friends in a rloan,
homelike atmosphere. Af'-or the es
tablishment of the first hostess house
in I'lattsburg, requests came from oth
er commanders of other camps, with
the result that now there are seven
hostess houses completed, twenty-five
under construction, and eleven more
asked for. The hostess house, is a
place where men can go at any time;
where women coming to the canton
ment to see their men, can stay; where
foreign speaking women may find
kindness from, women who can speak
their language and assistance in locat
ing the man whoni they wish to see.
The needs of the French women can
not be estimated. Thousands of :hem
have gone into the cities from country
villages and are entering a field of
work entirely new Jo them and under
conditions that are strange and diffi
cult 01 the budget. $1,000,000 is des
tined to be used in helping them. Of
the first contingent of Red Cross nurs
es who went to Europe from our coun
try, many of them have returned, brok
en under the s:rain. One of tnese,
in speaking to a member of the Com
mittee of a Hundred, Of which Mrs.
Baker, Mrs. Daniels, and other promi
nent women of Washington are mem
bers, said that if there was any place
for the nurses to rest, when they had a
little time away from their work, or
where they could Talk to some Ameri
can woman on something that would
take their minds from the horrors of
the life of. which they are so vital a
part, they would 6e able to stand the
strain much longer; and the difference
it would make iu the buoyancy of their
spiriis. would be 6f inestimable bene
fit to the wounded men in their care.
The war work has been literally forc
ed upon the Y. W. C.A. bv these un
precedented conditions. There is no !
Other organization able to cope with J
the situation: and it is a work which
every woman in the United States can I
fur.her simply by doing her part. i
The Rockefeller.. Foundation showed
its appreciation and approval of the
work being done by the association
that its directors added $100,000 to
their original subscription of $200.0iM
and have pledged another $200,000
contingent on the raising of the $4,000,
000 which the government has asked
the Y. W. C. A. to raise, and which is
the goal of the present drive.
Embree Trial Is
Halted By Ross
Jury Locked Up
A jury was selected yesterday for
the Embree trial in Tucson but County
Attorney John Masion Ross was taken
suddenly ill at noon with an attack
of stomach trouble and the trial was
postponed to tomforrow morning. The
jury was locked up last night.
Embree will be tried on a riot and
disorder charge in connection with the
mine strike in Bisbee last June and
July. He was an I. W. Wi leader. W.
C. Gilmore and J. T. ingsbury of Tomb-
stone and J. A. Worsley of Tucson are -defending
him. Mr. Ross in the prose
cution is assisted b Lon Stevenson
of Tombstone and irke Moore, county .
attorney of Pima county. ,
About 25 Cochit-e county citizens are
in attendance at the trial.
DRIVER NOT GUILTY
(By Review Leased Wire) i
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 27. Israel
Weinberg, a jitney bus driver, was ac- -
vu...vu i ...... . J J
charge which grew out of the pre
paredness parade bomb explosion,
which killed 10 persons here last
year. The trial began October 9. The
Jury was out 22 minutes.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
Flavor
Parity
Economy
i ARIZONA TO BE REPRESENTED
j AT SILVER PRICE HEARING
Arizona Chapter American Mining
congress today received notice taht sil
ver price fixation hearings will be held
in Washington. Friday and Saturday.
The chapter has arranged for repre
sen.ation of Arizona silver producers
in the hearings. Governor Campbell
and the governors Of Nevada and Mon
tana have also joined in representa
tions which will be presented. West
ern mining attitude looks with disfavor
upon regulation of the price of the
me:al to far eastern consumers or the
placing of embargoes, although wholly
willing to cO-opera'.e to any possible
extent with the Washington govern
ment on price fixation for home con
sumption or that of the government's
direct allies so far as governmental
use is made, but contemplates the
needs of private trade consumers dif-'
ferently.
FOOTBALL GAME CANCELED.
The football game scheduled to be
held here tomorrow between Douglas
high school and Bisbee high school
has been canceled by Douglas. No rea- i
son is given for canceling the game, j
All who have purchased tickets for
this game may have their money re-'
funded by applying to the person they ;
bought the ticket from. ' i
It is understood that a foo'ball game !
will be played tomorrow between the I
C. A. team and the Douglas Hospital !
! corps team. ;
You will want to try whole
some Cottolene for ' deep-frying,"
as well as for cakes, pastry and bis
cuit. For Cottolene instantly browns
and crisps the outer surface, and
thus ualt in the tempting" flavors
of the food itself.
That's why things "deep-fried"
in Cottolene come out deliciously
wholesome and easily digestible.
RECIPE
Meat Croquettes
1 cupful finely chopped meat (any kind)
1 cupful soft bread crumbs
3, cupful soup stock or white sauce
1 egg beaten.
Season with salt and pepper and onion
juice if desired. When very cold shape
the mixture into cylinders; roll in siftej
bread crumbs, tlien beaten eg, then
crumbs again. Fry one minute in deep
Cottolene, hot enough to bruwn a bit
of bread while you count 40.
Cottolene
'J7m Natural Swrtmng"
At gTOcers in tins
of convenient sixes
11
21 CEii 1W
PHOENIX,
No. 15 North Second Avenue,
ARIZONA
COUPON
UNITED CHINO OIL & REFINING COMPANY,
15 North Second Avenue,
PHOENIX, ARIZONA.
The enclosed remittance of -, Is to cover cash payment of
21 2 cents per share on shares of the TREASURY STOCK
of the United Chino Oil A Refining Company. It is agreed that
when oil in commercial quantities is being produced by your Com
pany, I am to pay an additional 2 certs.
Name
Address - -
Town and State ,
B.R.
UNITED CHINO OIL
& REFININC COMPANY
Officers and Directors:
MR. JACK BOLIN, President, Inspector of Mines for
Arizona.
MR. FRANK BROWN, Vice President, Former U. S.
Immigration Commissioner.
MR. GEORGE MacBEAN, Secretary-Treasurer,
City Commissioner, Fhoenix, Arizona.
THE DISCOVERY OF OIL IN ARIZONA ISAN
ESTABLISHED FACT
The United Chino Oil & Refining Company owns
by deed, 960 acres of land in the Chino Valley, where
oil has already been discovered, and where experts be
lieve the next great oil fields of this country will be
developed.
The officers of this Company have acquired land
that was located by an expert oil man many months
ago, before the great oil excitement in connection
with the Chino Valley was in full swing, and when
the choice sections of the valley were there to pick
from.
Backed by the opinions of some of the greatest
of our oil experts and geologists, the men of affairs
behind this company men whom you know believe
that the development of this company's property will
return enormous dividends to those who come in now
and help them in the development. '
Practically every mining man in the state knows
Jack Bolin, President of this Company. Jack says :
"Oil is a speculation we cannot guarantee to
bring in an oil well, but we do propose this if there
is oil under our ground, well find it."
In other words you'll get a square run for your
money and if we win, you win big.
This stock is being offered for sale by the com
pany or its direct representatives, and your money,
less the commissions authorized by the Arizona
Corporation Commission, will be expended by men
you know, old timers in this state, in developing the
property of the United Chino Oil & Refining Com
pany. Will you bick up Jack Bolin, Frank Brown and
George MacBean in their efforts to bring in oil in the
Chino Valley will you come in with these men of
Arizona, on the new industry which looks so promis
ing for the future? $25.00 now gives you a thousand
shares $100.00 gives you 4,000 shares. You can't
lose much, and if we win, j ou'll never have to worry
any more about the high cost of living.
If the oil is there, we'll find it Use the coupon
today.
United Chino Oil and Refining Company FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 28, 1917.
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company.
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use for republication of all news dispatches credited to
it or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
AH rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
BRANCH CONNECTING ALL DEPARTMENTS.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered a Second Class Mall Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH I .75
THREE MONTHS 2.25
SIX MONTHS 0
TWELVE MONTHS . 7-50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year . 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter . .75
No Subscription Taken For Let Than 75 Cent.
Review subscriber not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department , No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor if the irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger Service
applies to Bisbee only.
Wednesday Mornirg, November 28, 1917.
Our Guests j
We have with us at this time the school ma'am, some
three hundred of her, assembled in conclave and con
vention from all parts of the county, and we are very
proud of our guests. She ist the flower of the world's
forces, is the school teacher. Her patiencn and tact and
learning and force of character have a great deal to do
with the development of the boys and girls of the land.
Upon the personality of the teacher as much as her
rules and books depends the progress of the pupil. And
more important than learning is the impression and hauits
of the youngster gained from his teacher. She most
know when to persuade and when to punish. She most
know what to teach as well as how to teach.
Modern progress has gone far in reducing the gentle
art of teaching to an exact science. Institutes and nor
mals and special training schools and lecture courses
and charts and rules and equipment all go to form the
machinery through which the teacher must pass before
the man with the diplomas pronounces her a finished
product
Pupils pass through school now upon wings and
wheels. Thy go from grade to grade like a bird from
limb to limb They are trained and drilled and polished
and deckled at the edge and go upon the shelves of tho
world as the real Russia leather gold-stamped product.
But have these wonderful and modern schools done
any mor for them than the old red school house and
its wooden benches and wonderful teacher of the-ol"!
days did for, their fathers and mothers? With all due
respect to our fair guests and their splendid training and
equipment, this editor is inclined to doubt it.
There are doubtless MORE good teachers today under
new methods of training and developing them, but no
better teachers than some of those who taught and toiled
in days gone by. When the Lord fits a man or woman
by special talents of heart and mind for teaching schorl.
He does a better job than any normal school can do.
After all, the degree of success that a school teacher
attains, depends more upon herself than upon the one
who teaches her to teach. Her knowledge of young
human nature is her greatest asset; her patience comes
next, and then her firmness. When to chide and when
to praise is a greater problem for the teacher in any
school than was ever propounded to her by the gray
beard'of a college.
This editor looks back over the track of the years
and sees before him the image of a certain school teacher
who, in one brief term, had more to do with moulding
his life work and character than any other person except
his mother. Faith at just the right time and sternness
at just the right time changed this writer from a shirker
to a worker. And to this day. when laziness and folly
beckon with alluring hands, he thinks of that pedagogue
and his faith and his bitter chiding, and it makes him bet
ter than he really Is in the game of life.
Great is the school ma'am! She has both untamed
hyenas and little angeta to handle In her school room,
and generally she handles both of them with skill and
success.
The school ma'am is always beautiful, because wheth
er her features are Grecian or not, her study of the print
ed page, her trials and triumphs in the school room and
the development of her mind ail shine through her eye?
and give her a beauty thai will wear long after the
transient loveliness of youlb has fled forever.
THE ALLIES IN ITALY.
Dispatches tell nowad.'.ys about the English ana
r" rench troops in large numbers on the battle line in
T.ily. It has been many a long year since ib; fighting
men of these nations have crossed the Alps to Italy, but
this is not their first visit by any manner of me-ns.
Soldiers of France won undying glory under Napoleon In
their Italian campaigns, the greatest perhaps, in the
career of this greatest soldier the world has ever knowli.
Tnal was more than a hundred years ago.
English soldiers have fought often and well in Italy.
Sir ' John Hawkwood led a body of English bowmen and
Uilmen through these same mountain parses and across
the Venetian plains five hundred years ago and took a
glorious part In the civil wars between the kalian princes
of that time. To this day the tradition of fje exploits
of the bowmen and swordsmen of Britain are told by the
peasants of the Italian provinces.
What has been will be again. The cycles of the nvs
are pretty much the same. Men carrying th. banner
of England and France have fonght over most of Europe
and every hundred years or so they go over the 3ame
ground again.
One thing is sure, the coming of these plcke-1 tnops
who have beaten the Prussian so often on the 'western
front, makes the Italian line as safe as anything in this
world can be. It means that the kaiser's great thrust
and costly effort to put Italy out of the war was ail in
vain. It means another futile effort upon the part of fast
waning power of the Prussian war machine. It means
a stronger Italian army than ever before to face next
spring.' It means that at last a smaller nation has been
saved from the Prussian in spite of all he could do.
British troops are now within five miles of Jerusalem
and German papers are preparing their readers for the
evacuation of the Holy City. General Allenby's cavalry
is operating in the hills of Hebron on the ground made
immortal, by David the psalmist and warrior king.
David killed Goliath in trip valley where the British are
bivouacked today. He li id from Saul in the caves near
Hebron. He beat the Philistines and returned in triumph
along the same route tho British are pursuiug the Turks
today. It may well be possible that ere the next an
niversary of the birth of, Christ is observed by the
Christian world that the heathen will be driven froi.i
Christ's city and Christmas ceremonies held for the
first time in Jerusalem by followers of the Nazarcne
Flnce Godfrey do Rou'Mon planted (be banner of the
cross on the wall of the city during the first crusade
nearly a thousand years ago.
COCHISE COUNTY ROAD BOND ELECTION
(Douglas International.)
One week from tomorrow an election will be held in
Cochise county, called fnr the purpose of voting on the
proposition to issue bonds In the sum of one million dol
lars for the improvement of our public roads, so neces
sary for the progress of all our industries and especially
needed by the agricultural industry, that those who pro
duce grain, hay, vegetables, fruit, poultry, etc., may have
a good road on which to travel to market
More and more every year is the traffic Increasing
on the roads of the county. In certain sections of the
county this traffic is now so great as to require almost
constant work and. expenditure. This condition now re
quires a sum every year almost equal to the annual road
tax levy to keep the maia traveled roads In repair. It is
estimated that $30,000 annually is required for the re
pair of the road between Douglas and Bisbee alone and
other heavy expenditures are constantly demanded by bad
roads in other sections of the county, so that there is
scarcely anything left of the annual road tax levy to
keep up or build aeighborhod roads which tap the trunk
routes north and south and east and west through the
county.
With the large assessment value of Cochise county
the bond issue proposed would not be a heavy burden on
anyone. It has been figured out that on the basis of
the present total assessment. of the county, now $130,
000,000.00, the extra tax required the first year on all
taxable property would not exceed 65 cent per thousand
dollar valuation to meet bond interest and sinking funds.
Acctording to the assessment roll nearly ninety per cent
of th Cochise county tax payers pay on an assessed
valuation of not over two thousand dollars. A property
owner assessed for two thousand dollars would thus pay
$1.30 the first year and this payment would grow less ev
ery year during the life time of the bonds.
If. the small settlements In the county and the people
living on the roads not to be cared for by the proposed
bonds are wise they will vote unanimously for the bonds
and for the reason that rith the proposed trunk-line roads
improved permanently by the bond money tnen the an
nual county road tax available for extending the neigh
borhood or small settlement roads and keeping them in
a better state of repair than the present condition of all
the county allows now. We believe the bond issue will
be carried If the votes can be polled.' Of course It Is hard
to get a full rote at any special election, regardless of
its importance, but In our opinion there should be a full
turnout of the voters ntxt week to support the road
bond proposition. Those who are opposing the Issue are,
to our mind, standing In the way of greater and easier
progress in every section of the county.
At the road bond, election only those who pay a prop
erty tax and whose names are on the county tax roil
will be entitled to cast a ballot
Rippling Rhymes
(By WALT MASON.
UNCLE SAM "BOTH MY SOLDIER BOYS'
WINTER GRIEF.
I hate the winter; then my aunts fill
all the house wiu potted plants, which
lately grew outdoors; i:here are begon
ias, palms and ferns whichever way a
."eilow turns, on windowsills and floors.
It makes me sad , plant my feet in
boxes of nasturtiums sweet, when
hunting for a book; it makes a weary
toller hot to bump his head against a
pot suspended from a hook. I have to
pack big pets of flowers from place to
place, a: divers L'jtirs. so they will get
the sun; I pack them all around the
ooop, and now I set them on the stoop
tje work Is never done. Oh,there
are pots upon the shelf, where stood
the works of Richard Realf, and pots
upon the stairs: and there are pots jf
silly greens where I would keep my
magazines, and pots upon the chairs.
I have to drop my clanginglyre and go
and tend the furnace fire, so some
blamed plants won't freeze; I have tc
eave my downy cot to see that some
bid swinging pot escapes the winter
oreeze. I have I'j water foolish plants
and keep them free from bugs and
ants and worms and grubs and bots.
and till the long, long wiri er goes, I'll
bump my brow and bust my nose
against the hanging pots.
"Germans losing their morale," reads a recent head
line. Not so a close obseiver could notice it. From the
way they rallied last week and fought bark against
General Byng's awful smash it would not seem (hey had
lost any great amount of morale. They retook La Fontaine
and were holding it still at last reports. They lost ten
thousand prisoners and were hammered by the tanks
and superior artillery and harassed by wavalry and
slaughtered in their counter attacks, but they still have
enough morale left to check the fiercest British drive of
the war and hold .'ambrai. They still bold Lens. They
still hold Roulers They are still hammering the Italian
line. Even to a prejudiced observer, they appear to have
enough morale left to require another year of pounding
and of slaughter l-efore they break and run.
'COCHISE COUNTY MAKES
GOOD SHOWING OF
FARM EXHIBITS
Fair Commissioner B. O. Payne who
had charge of the Cochise county ag
ricultural exhibits at the state fair,
is much encouraged over the results
of his exhibits even if he did w'jrk at
a disadvantage. He speni over a
month collecting the exhibits and then
nad to go there and arrange them and
some of the exhibits failed to arrive in
time so that they could not be entered.
He was also handicapped by being
alone in Phoenix while all the other
counties had two or three lj assist.
However, Cochise county took thirty
two ribbons, twenty-twt blues and ten
reds. The judges of the State Fair de
clared that Cochise county had made
the geatest progress in their exhibits
this year over the past of any county
In the state. The prize winners were
as follows:
San Simon-r-Peter Jensen, a second
prize on potatoes. H. Deitchers, first
prize on federita.
Cochise Stronghold Neal Ericks'jn,
second prize on apples. C. H. Wilson,
second prize 'on squashes, first prize
on kaffir corn seed, first prize on
broom corn seed, first prize en silage
both seeds and corn, first prize on dry
farming exhibits, first prize on grass
and. first prize tn pie melons. D. A.
Venn ioh. first prize on kaffir corn
heads. . .
Paradise George Walker, second
prize on apples, first prize on peaches.
Hereford Robert Todd, ' first prize
on apples, second prize on apples
McNeil W. A. Prultt, first prize on
cabbages.
Garcies John Fenley, first prize on
hubbard squashes, second prize on
rummer squashes.
O. K. Ranch, Douglas First prize on
apples.
Chiricahua F. W. Heyne, first prize
on apples, sec'ond prize on apples.
Pomerene Walter Scott first prize
on Bliss Triumph potatoes, P. P. Sabin,
first prize on stock beets.
St David Bert Goodman, first prize
on apples.
Willcox Lulu Rasmussen, second
prize on stock beets, G. A. Dove, sec
onl prize on potatoes.
McAlister W. C. Gordon, first prize
on Yellow Dent corn.
Credit is due to the excellent work
done by Mr. Payne and also to the oly
al support which the board of supervis
ors of Cochise county have given him
ail throughout. The board of super
visors are fully awake to the possibili
ties of this county and are giving every
encouragement to it possible.
The thirty-two ribbons will first be
displayed at the office of the board of
supervisors at Tombstone and then
sent on to L'juglas to be displayed at
the chamber of commerce at that
point
Mr. Payne is enthusiastic over the
outlook, of this county and said that
by more careful selection of exhibits
and a greater variety and early ship
ments, so that everything would ar
rive on time to be properly entered.
Cochise county mould have practically
doubled her prizes. It is to be hoped
that that can be done within another
year.
State and County News Briefs
Brief State Notes
County Briefs
Brown, by telegraph yesterday. Hej
will arrive fa Tucson next Thursday
morning, to await orders. Accorams .
A special train departed from No- to a teiegtam receive- vy james uua- Tne team8 and grading outfit of Na-
I gales tor Phoenix conveying nearly 300 seam yesieroay. a. i. iui BIIU I bor Pachero. of Tucson, contractor for
(laborers Eolne to ;he Salt River Val- Gerald Jones, young Tucson attorneys, ; the nilIoai work at Pay Car Curve
ley to pick cotton a few days ago. The!' v received first lieutenancies.- near Ben.-jn. have arrived and work
train consisted of a baggage car and
five coaches, altogether veil filled.
James Campiro and F. Garcia, charg
ed with violating die Reed amendment
in transporting liquor into Arizona,
were found guilty yesterday in the fed
eral court at Tucson, after half an
hour's deliberation. It was their sec
ond trlaL In the previous trial the
jury disagreed.
Winsett. Jones and Brown were in
training together and according to re
ports the regimen at Camp Stanley was I
unusually strict Word has been re-1
ceived by his sister. Mrs. W. D, t'p- j
shaw, that Horace H. Hield, who has;
been in training at Fort Sheridan, near
Chicago, has received a commission as
second lieutenant of infantry. Hield
Is a University of Arizona graduate.
has been begun.
Beechcr and Rader snipped a car of
ten per cent copper ore from their
lease on the Centurion Mine near Dra
goon, this week. They expect to ship
a car a week in the future.
The Boquillas Land and Cat.le
Company shipped thirty-six cars ot cat-
S. J. Carter, local representative ofit'e to Bakersueld. Cal.. Tuesday from
an eastern coiton-buying firm, makes j Benson. F. S. Treat, Jesse Walker
the prediction that next season cotton j -id Nye Et. accompanied the ship
will be grown on one hundred thous- nient.
and acres of Salt River Valley land.I
Owing to a senou3 breakdown on
Mr. Th'Js. B. Dillon, justice of the
peace in the Montana precinct (Oro
Blanco) was taken to the Arizona In
sane asyium, at rnoemx. ine anuci- d win be pima ,on stap!e
ed man nad become quite aangerous, ..,, w tha h., vllMev, v-M, hnisst -h. Rmimlarv shaft of the
imagining all sort of dire happenings ; tQ lhe gea Isian(1 variety, of the Dragoon Copper Lease was forced to
and threatening the lives of others ; amount wjh always be very limited, close down last Monday. It will take
also theatenlng suicide
the Pima Long Staple is the best cot-j abou: thirty days to get a new casting
ton giwn, and for this reason Mr. Car- from the factory to replace the broken
On complaint of Supervisor Pitch- L u of 'he oplniont,lat there' will 'pans,
lyn of the Coronado torest and ot C. K h anv n-nrii.A rntllln in ,he!
... . i. . . - - f i
vi luuuij anw '"- j saU River Valley, which seems to be
.in Tti.-in Tnr'.twn Murlllo. ijinterlo .. , .. . ... ,
Ochoa and ignaclto - Lanares were
brought tn late last night: by County
Ranger Burts. The men were charg
ed with violating the slate law in
shooting deer.
Labor Adjuster
III at Portland
(By Review Leased Wire!
PORTLAND. Ore.. Nov. 27. Wil
liam It. Wilson, secretary of labor,
head of President Wilson's mediation
commission which has been hearinir
Industrial disputes in the west, was
removed from his private car today
to a hotel suffering from a breakdown
and a severe cold. The commission
came here from San Francisco.
Felix Frankfurter, secretary of the
commission, said today the other
members would take up the Investi
gation of the labor troubles In Ore
gon, pending Secretary Wilson's recovery.
British casualty listr were over thirty thousand last
week. They were over twenty thousand the week before.
Pretty stiff fighting on that western front. What the
German losses were, outgunned and outclassed a they
are in every branch of the fighting game by tiie Brltis-ii.
it Is frightful to consider
ESTABLISH RECEIVING HOSPITAL.
I l!y Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 87. Surgeon
'icneral Gorgas tonight announced the
selection of Fox Hills, t Sal en Island.
New York, as the site of a military
receiving hospital from wlmh wound
ed Amurican soldiers will be distribut
ed to the reconstruction and rehablla
t ion hospitals soon to be established.
T!i- institution will Imve a capacity
of from l.Soo to 2.5U0 beds.
The employes of the Tucson ex
change of the Mountain States Tele
phone and Telegraph Co., at Tucson,
have made up a Christmas Ljx of fruit
cakes and dispatched it to France for
soldiers who will have no special
friend -to remember them. There are
47 persons over at the phone exchanee
who contributed everyone about the
place from the boss down to the of- (
fice toy. Each cake was done up in I
an individual package.
able 1:0 produce cotton of the highest
grade of perfection. Salt River Valley
cotton has already won a reputation
for itself and the future of the indus
try is assured. Land values in the
next few years will reach a point scar
cely dreamed of now, and the Salt;
River Valley will be one, of the rich-
est sections in the world.
Wien and Rader have nearly one car
of twenty-five per cent copper on the
dump, of their lease on the Black
Prince at J'Jhnson. This is a very de
sirable property for leasers, as the ore
Is of a very high per cent and lays
near the surface in pockets, making it
a "poor man's friend."
Villa Denounces
Former Friends
Mr. and Mrs. Joe Rupert, nee M:.s
Alice Bradford, were in Benson. Sun
day. They were married in Phoenix
last week. .Mrs. Ruper: is the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Peter Jensen ot
San Simon, formerly of Benson. Mr.
and Mrs. Rupert were en route to Pat-
j agonia. where the latter is a teacher
By Review Leased Wire.) ! in the public scI.'joIs. The younn
PRESIDIO. Texas. Nov. 27.-Dated ! couple -will make their home la Phoe-
at Cuchillo Parado. 60 miles south of : "er? r-
is connected
with the Arizona Eastern.
Yuma Sun: L. L. Pates, superin-j here, November 20th, and brought to
tendent of the State dry farm near i Ojinaga by courier, a statement was . , ,K, .
.r .t hr. . !. 1. Lest there should be some
Kj I all 1 IC, aiairu j coin ua; mat 1 ,-; iu iticr nnam laicu ( uri
tho hi lift
the oil boom is dead in this locality.
i-a.t ha. I Atirfarl a ri .-1 all ui loi U'tTa 1 ilT.- i In to tnlsv alcrrxnA Kv ltniiun V ilia
ninK over with winter food for feeding denouncing the two Murga brotiiers j L
livestock. The season has been the 'and their brothers-in law for joining: le. tL i m 21 !
best known in the history of the under-; the federal troops at Chihuahua City "?' ' rtl'V..n Jh V it "
taking, and one agreeable feature was j after they had been affiliated with Vil - '.'"nstaUa lion Mxpensive drU -"
the high Jy'J i - "V machtner?.lTa.Wh. SJji
rigation. and not a failure was made in , ture of which has been authenticated 1 .". k ' - .. "Z .. "LT" I
any article cultivated. here. Villa confirmed reports that he the
m- , r. V -riu. ....... HKisi.... i fHit 1' "r 1 Z nnt ow approximating five thous-
V ...r .T . VL:.' HJrf! V. 6 -".. -yu.... ...,and Htrcs.t;eSon Press.
engineer in the state highway depart
ment, is doing good work on the sta. c
highway connecting Tucson and N
gales. He has two road building
gangs at work one in Santa Cruz, the
other in Pima county, and they are
working toward each other. It is
hoped that the road will be completed
entirely before work has to be sus
Mexico in the interest of his new 1
movement which he calls the Conven- Mr anJ Mrs rorler McDonald have
tionist party. received word from their son. Grant
After denouncing the Murga broth- u-arnpr h,. in lh nvv tnit. hl.
ers for their desertion of bis cause j hasJ been ,transferPe1 to Washington.
after they had made this tour of the
republic with him. Villa cited instances
where the Murgas were alleged to
have killed 12 civilians at Maria de
pended. Mr. Fraizer Is the man who . xorre Zacatecas. usine knives in
can do It. . stead of bullets. He also charged
. jtlie Murga brother with killing a
Andrew Wank, plaintiff in a suit for, vjIla coIonei wno attempted to arrest
foreclosure against the Gibraltar Ml- icn, npon villa's orders. Following
ver L.caa pniiing couipa.. r.,. alt,eed crime. Villa stated that
Walton, was permitted by the superior ; they ed tQ le ,eIeraI rank8 f(,
court In Tucson yesterday to take pos-
session of Ihe Gibraltar Silver-Lead
.Mining l ompany property, near me 1
olive Camp, it being proved to the sat-1
isfac'ion of the court that certain mine1
shafts needed prelection, us Well as'
certain buildings on the property. The
plaintiff was instructed tj retain pos-1
session until court action has been:
taken upon the claims set forth. I
Is a thing which did not dis
turb me in the least as it is of no mo
ment, neither did it surprise me be
cause among the Carrnncistas tlierr
are men of the worst character. Vil
la concluded his statement.
D. C. where he has been "entered in
the Naval Medical school. Grant was
immediately placed in the hospital de
partment at Mare Island at San Frau
cisco, upon enlistment. He is a regis
tered pharmacist and has made rapid
strides while In the service. His pro
motion to the naval medical school at
Washinw on is good news lo the many
friends of Grant here, and is another
J example that the Tombstone boys are
making goodvwitn I mie sani.
SWISS FRONTIER CLOSED
( Ity Review Leased iret
r.KXt'VA. Nov. "7. The Austrian
land German frontiers were dosed last
27. J.! nijiht. Both the French and Italian
Louis. I frontiers already had been closed for
train : an indefinite perhwl. Thus Sifer-
FORT WORTH. Tex.. Nov
t". Methews. aged 21. of St.
Kenneth Itrown. who has been t the : member of the aiator se tlon.
ramin: camu at Camp Stanley. Texas. , g at Taliaferro field, was instantly; land's four frontiers now are sealed
I.as earned a first lieu'eiiant's couimis-. killed vesterday when his airplane fell i for the Prst time since the imtbreaM
REVIEW WANT AOS POS RESULTS ; s!i. he advises bis lather. F. . from a height of 2".t'' feet. 'of the war. r"
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 28, 1917.
r
r
r
Hgw Big Is a" Bit f" Saving Food Does,
Not Seem Difficult Compared To This
SCANDMAVU FEARS
GERMAN
MENACE
IF
0. Si
l1
!0 HI
NORWAY JOINS WAR
t iff
V
't
v1
V
.French Patriott Uiier Handicap
I
1
D Their "Bit" at HarTesting
As Seen as the Germans Hare
QuH tlee Town kni Tbey Have
Only Hand Scythes!
Fooii Conservation In Bisbee
By Cortis Hamilton '
Bistee, in commcn wit!i
con.munfties f.brcuehout the c-pimtry.
is racias tiie problem of
conforming
How biir is a ' bit ?
Harvesting ursin with a hand cyth
Ja harder than savins scraps and foi-lon-ine
the instructions of the Food
Administrator on the conservation of
fats. milk, rutrar and wheat,
t Hut both occupations are termed bm
l,bits". the one the first duty of all
good French patriots and the other
one of the little demands made upon
fcmencan women.
M.-nifertlv the women of America
t-nve the easier lob of the two. French
r omen even manage to overcome the
i rwitlicap of a fiit heavy baby by de-
ni'iiin the liitlo one on the new
tvtx hn- where she plays happily.
The French wounded are well pleas-
i if it ir."onlv a leu'' for that does
t prevent one from harvesting.
Fvidentlv a bit" la whatever there
IS in do, uimr V.ll.
Atiil n ii hnndirflTift'
5 1 Thes two photnsrraphs show the
; llrtrieta recaptured from the oermans
;nlong the Somme. The woman
hurried home an soon she heard en'
the refto--t, and Immediately set to
i work on"c harvesting of the grain.
Thp soldier is still in the service of
! his rnuntrv desnite the loss of a leg.
all o;her:Mrs. Rijrsdaic of tha Spokane hou x I :nt row htf cits down grain Instead
state ;hat she has net yet taken 7, -r-'- i'k ny nm
, ... r"", hTi.v to be ali"p and tj have
any steps of t:-.e kind, and will contm- h:m and hPP home ,eft
ne Yfr t'oiirv of keenmg her house
itfe'.f to t'ne moie careful distribu:ioii;open at the"pre3ent price of board,
and consum ng of food necessities or j when asked whether she " inteneded
rather, precipitated by the nation s to establish a meatless or wheatiess
entry in'o the world war. (day at any time she repeated:
As the national food administration! ..j inten(1 to keep this boarding
las advanced no positive ruies and j.l0llse open Et the price that, I have
regulations for gaining the desired re-set for meals, and shall do my best
u!t, and has not as yet taken any 1 with that in vitw. I have rye and
legislative steps, it naturally has to'giaham bread on my table all the
outline a general plan and denpend , time, and am doing my best to save
on individual co-cpera!on through-, food-"
out the countrv. This be:n? the case,! That is a condition found not only
there are very naturallv, practically I i" nc boardim? houses but in the
1 fViino-e thoniH 1 restaurants mentioned. There is a
as many opinions cn ho things Lhould en to . t lt t0. tlie con.
be run as there are -ndmauals. , gimtr ,f fce individna want8 to
Tfce restauranta in Msoee we-e the.3bseive lhe earnest ruest of the
first, ou.side of private families, to eminent .he can order bsh on Fri-
take up the plan o certain ' moitless day and fcat rve breaa on Tuesday.
and wheatiess" days, and now thosfi' in the autocracy wliich we are ftpiit-
who are positively oboervir.s nieiil- jner the people are given a ticket and
less day and wheatiess day art it entitles them to so much, and no
the Copper v Queen hole!', the Eng-jmore, food each week. Our way, as
lish Ki chen and the Busv' Kee a democracy, is to leave matters to
cafe The New Eidelweiss cafe. wl'ch't! conSl'ierce or pride of the indi-
has 'just been opened, had not been! T'dIu",Tir 'l wor- Is sPlrlt
uas ju.-i "n , ... . hich impels men to refuse to patron-
approBcneu -u.s .cSa.w. uuu ize a re: taurai when it attempts to
the statement that beginning with this Cl,t down on the ponsuniption of cer
veek they will attempt to put similar rm frm)K vital to our allies the same
regulations into effect ailhnugh they; spirit t'.'.nt causes the food riots in
would feel a soo-3 deal more favorably ! German
if they could be assured of t::e co- Rtt certain foods?
4 wac. 1 11 M r. f a A I". I .11? Wit h O flltl O fT ' OTf'OIV. ,
""c'al,uu U1 " - " ; 7 "o ' sens that such a measure would be the
boarding houses. ti'-r.s. the res grants and boarding , ica, u f Russia.s sistent ef.
Thf nerwery fluid restaurant has houses are willing to do their part to j fwt8 1Jr an armisUce aml peace. Re.
been observing Friday as a meatless' tbp tV!1' extent, provided that an I viewing the press statements about
day to a considerable extent, although ..'"J n
not ubsoluicly. The White House cafe 1 mine,j
has not yet commuted useii to any
an establishment which refuses to
comply with the regulation.
Checking up of those who are not
following the ruling of the commis
sion is to be made, it is reported, in
a few days, and after they check, the
reople who are not following tha
meatless and wheatiess days, will be
placed under surveillanceland may be
interned for the period of hostilities.
RUSSIA
ANXIOUS
ABOUT
I!
EMBARGO
FOODSTUFFS
j (I?y Review Leased Wire.)
PETROGRAD. Nov. 27. Lieutenant
! Colonel William V. Judson, chief Vif
j the American military mission to Kus
I sia, has addressed to the chief of the
I general staff at l'e.rocrad a declara-
end Ausrtia when they can't tion concerning the alleged embargo
ion shipments to Kiissia. He disclaims
knowledge of such embargo, tut as-
ori-anizat on can be ejected which j ,har,.o iuo tv-
mass any arrangement deter- 1 ' -i, co,a ,d,- i,. . i.,f.. ...r
upon unfair to no one. Whose j excellency that neither I r.'jr the Anier-
business is it to make such an ar- ii.- hi.cn,i,. v,.. t. . -i. .i f
such policy, ai.d will probably be un-; ru, ment who i-hould take the ! America instruction, or infomtions
regarding the alleged facts given
willing to until t.;cy feel that oth- lead? Practically all who were seen
ers will follow suit. The American asked this question. It would appear
cafe in Ixwell has no meatless day. that it would he'. the province of the
i.nt hut voluntarily set Wednesday as ; orpin-zanon ut whom the state food
(By Review Leased Wire.)
COPENHAGEN, Nov. 27. Behinti
the meeting of the Scandinavian nion
archs and ministers at Christiana this
week lies the fear, "unfounded though
It may be. of Norway's entry into the
war and of the German menace that in
this case she should feel called upon
i to occupy Denmark as a counter-measure.
The Associated Press learns from a
responsible source that the conference,
which was arranged in consequence of
an Intimation from Germany that the
growth of an.I-Geiman sentiment in
N'jrway, particularly after the sinking
of the convoy in the North Sea by
I German cruisers, is being followed
with concern by Germany and that it
is feared that Norway might be impell
ed, either by excited public opinion or
pressure from the allied side, to enter
the s:ruggle at least to the point of
granting a naval base'to England, and
the United States, in which event Ger
amny would feel called up'jn to seize
a corresponding base in Denmark.
Representative Sent To Berlin.
Upon the receipt of this information
at Copenhagen, word was hurriedly
sent to King Gustav of Sweden, and
Denmark's nios; preeminent citizen.
President Anderson tf.: the Danish
East .Asiatic company, iho is high in
the confidence of Berlin, as well as
London, was dispatched to Berlin to
verify the report and if possible to
change the German attitude. - Mr. An-
j . lit. rt. T i -. . . 1. 1 !
uciauu cuiuoiicu iv 1111 ui. uu nucur
mann, secrejiry for foreign affairs, at
Berlin, and he confirmed the report,
adding that in consequence "jf the Ital
ian and Russian developments the mil
itary and pan-German elements were
again in the saddle In Germany and
exerting Influence against which the
foreign office, with its more moderate
views, found it most difficult to con
tend. Two Kings Confer.
King Gustav came to Copenhagen
and spent a day in conference with
King Christian, President Anderson
and the Danish ministers, the subject
matter of the conferences being cov
ered by a display of gala perform
ances, an opera ballet, ceremonial ban
quet and the conveniional interchange
of speeches. Asta result of the con
ference a decision was reached to
make every possible effort to moderate
the excited Norwegian sentiment and
continue the three Scandinavian king
doms in the path of joint neutrality.
. King Gustav returned to Stockholm
and launched the suggestion of a con
ference of the three kings, accompani
ed by the premiers and foreign minis
ters, at Christiana, which was accept
ed, the Norwegians being flattered
with the thought of the first visit from
a Swedish monarch in the Norwegian
capital since the separation of the two
countries.
Germany Not Understood.
It is difficult to judge how far Ger
many was actuated in its step by gen
uine fear of Norwegian action, how far
by a desire to force Norway into ton
ing down its strongly anti-German
sentiment and wave the "big stick"
over the three countries during the
pending negotiations with the United
States and the entente regarding the
embargo. On the one hand, Danes in
high position in the Becret, with whom
the correspondent discussed the sub
ject considered lt utterly out of the
question that Norway t her own ac
cord would abandon neutrality and one
of them said he attached no import
ance to the sporadic reports of Ameri
can and British intention to seize a
base in Norway the better to combat
the German submarines. Prominent
Norwegians declare that war sentiment
in their country is negligible. The
same view has been expressed in state
ments in the Norwegian parliament,
probably inspired by the German warn
ing. Danish Minister Visits Berlin.
On the other band, Germany evident
ly perturbed by the state of Norwegian
public opinion. The German minis
ter to Norway, Admiral von Hintze,
who is reported had been visiting Ber
lin to report on the situation. A Dan
ish member 'of the German reichstag
has just visted Norway on what can
undoubtedly be described as a pacify
ing mission and a mass of inspired ed
itorial matter is being telegraphed
from the German press and by the cor
respondents in Berlin in an endeavor
to convince Norwegians of the unwis
dom of extreme anti-German feellns
and of the benevolence of German in
tentions as respects them.
above. Nevertheless, justice demands
that I shonld Inform your excellency
hat the declarations of the press cor-
Iniinistrator is the represenative. ! rectly express the point of view of the
a wheatiess day. Neither of the o'lier
rcsaurants in Lowell tl'e Forum and
unit, suiiic .ai. .. c..ii..aii(j hoard;,, houses of a community jwitli these facts. Before sending this
In fart, the proprietor of the Forum , tj.e b!7 of lhe warrent district for I submitted ii t'j the amnussador, whe
cafe !:a teen told pointblank, by a 1 the concerted saving of food, it would ' fully agrees."
considerable number of hi customers be of extreme value at this time.
that if any meatless day we-e put in! That the s'ate organization which jeOLSHEVIKI WANTS RUSSIAN
they wo:lrt transfer tLPir patronage. :"wx.ik me 100a situation plans can- 1 POLITICAL PRISONERS RELEASED
entered into between the restaurants expect to receive instructions in line
War Chiefs Will
Discuss Plans
(Continued From Page. One.)
taine, where, having been evicted by
the Germans after the initial drive of
last week they again have obtained a
footing in the town and have advanced
almost to lhe main street. The south
ern portion of Fourlon village also was
entered by the British after a L'jt fight
but after having rescued some of their
troops who had been isolated there for
some time the British withdrew to
their original positions.
Central Powers Crowd Italians.
Possibly in a supreme endeavor to
break the Italian line before the Brit
ish and French reinforcements enter
the fray, the Austro-Germans compris
ing an entire division, have attacked
the Italians in the Brenta valley, on
the northern sector of the Italian front
The offensive was stopped by the Ital
ian artillery and infantry and the en
emy suffered heavy losses. Four ad
ditional attacks between the Brenta
and Piave rivers also were put down
with severs casualties and everywhere
the Italians held their original line.
American Ship Sunk.
Another American steamer, the Ac
taeon, a former German vessel has
been sank by a Germans submarine
Boats containing twenty-one survivors
have landed in Spain but three other
boa'ts with additional members of the 1
crew are missing.
Notwithstanding the violence of the
fighting in the Cambral region last
week the British casualties were sev
eral thousand less than the week .prev
ious, totaling $30,314.
Italian Report Is Favorable.
ITALIAN ARMY HEADQUARTERS
IN NORTHERN ITALY. Nov. 27. 9 a.
m. The reports from the Italian line
on the northern front were favorable
today. The heavy fighting is continu
ing with the Italians holding in the
main.
Berlin's Report Terse.
BERLIN, via. London, Nov. 27. The
supplementary report from, general
headquarters tonight says:
"On the battlefields near Cambra
strong British attacks between Bour
lon and Fontaine have failed. Bitter
local engagements are still progress
ing. "In the east and on the Italian front
nothing of importance has occurred."
British Casualties Light.
LONDON, Nov. 27. Eritish casual
ties officially reported for the week
ending today aggregated 30,314. They
were divided as follows:
. Killed or died of wounds, officers, j
269; men 5,947.
Wounded or missing: Officers 869;
men 23,202.
to
rPa,reits
Teach your children the value of money
by encouraging them to save systemati
cally. Open accounts for them in this Strong
Bank starting them on the saving road
which mean 50 much to them in
later life.
Bank with us. .
Safe Deocsit Boxes for Rent.
ZiTnGjQ IiIkxDGG
mm
OF FIRE BURNING
OR BURGLARS
Stealing your private paper3 and valuable- when you
shut "ihe home for the summer.
There's Absolute Safety for both when protected
by our modern vaults
Private safes rent for $ 500 an up yearly.
Think this over then see.
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street.
Will E. McKee, President.
C. A.
Binbee, Arizona.
McDonald, Cashier.
Notwithstanding the heavy fighting
during the last week in the Cambrai
district the British casualties are less
than in the preceding week when they
totaled 32,227. Twe weeks back they
were 25,065.
I Italian Ministers Arrive.
PARIS, Nov..27. Baron Sonnino, the
Italian foreign minister arrived at
Paris this morning. The Italian pre
mier, Vlf.orio Orlando, Minister of the
Treasury Francisco Nittl, Minister of
Mnnitions General Alfredo Dal.'olio,
Minister of Transport Bianchi and Avi
ation Commissioner Chiosa left Rome
tnf Darla lac nlaht ThaaA nffiflila 1
will represent Italy at the inter-allied
conference.
Haig Continues
Drive on Cambrai
(Continued From Page One)
rain continued today making the posi
tion of the troops operating in the new!
territory most uncomfortable. I
The air services was active yeater-1
day. One party of British planes ,
crashed one enemy and brought down I
two others out of control in a fight. i
If
You, Can Get 5,000 to .10,000 More I'Jm
out of them by using Gates'Half-Sole Tires.
.Wa will put them on for you and change your old tires
into new ones at about onehalf.thejriceyou.woukl.
have to pay for new hw ' "w Mi ,
VYpur tire comes into our plant, worn , and .scarred
.from service, and we deliver it bi.ck to you the. same
tire made . oversize and with a v brand-newl non-skid)
tread' of fresh rubber. Not a square, inch of your old;
tire will be in sight,. and youjwillnot eabjejo JfHjt.
from a new tire. X . ""
Ar absrkitcly fluariwd tor 3,500 milci of war wlh a
puncture and many ueri arc averaging from 6.0U0 to 10.0UO mile.
You cannot get In kind of guaranteed srvic from any tin on lh
market without. paying two or three lima the cost . ot a Gate
Half. Sol T.re. - -f- "
LET US SHOW YOU
Don't throw away another worn tire until yo havehrest4ate4
the ''.)! Hall-Sole. If ynaare paying the tire Wlb you mill be twi
termed and we are ready to snow you now to keeo mi your n
pocket a bit part of the cost Of new tire aft-1 get bettor Mrewvifig
i'.'n you have evet had before. We guarartn IL
LOWELL MOTOR CO.
Felix MarioUe of the French Kitch-I in-'on tha restaurants and boardmj ;
, makes the statement that he 1-j for..t!le
en m
willing to observe any regulations for
f.,d savins whi:-h will he observed
by all ot!ic:s, but does not fer that
he could. a;Tord to be "patriotic:" prac
tically by himself, and let others who
do not see ii Lis wiv reap the profits.
Ke fur:hiT Kaid: "My place is rrrilly
not a restaurant, h'rt a boarding noue.
their Ehsistance in the food conserva- LONDON, Nov. 27. A Renter dis
"',n. 15 ,he tnent of the district ; paU.n frcm retrocrad says that Leon
. hairiMrn of f. od conservation. Meat- ; TroUky. Bolshevik! foreign minister,
less rtas and wheatiess days must j uas written to Sir George W. Bueh
I.e observed, says the commission. anah. the British ambassador, demand
It Is contended by the food admin- I inB tnc release of two Russian citizens,
.station that the meatless and wheat- 'hlc!ilrin and Petroff by name, under,
les day, to be effec tive, must of j arrest in Kngland. c hara. terizing them j
ne.essitv lie seneral. All restaurants i Mtainl.?sn and si-lf-Kairiliiinir men
AMERICAN SOLDIERS ILLED.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 27. - Two1
American soldiers were killed and five
were severly wounded in an artillery
combat with the Germans. November
20, General Pershing reported today.
MAKES KT
A POOR L
COMPLEXOtnf &
LOUI BtAUlItUi.-
AUDACOODM
OJVELOOALk xT A I
2
It U
fen si '
4hp i
WATE1
H.
TING
vv- r.-itrr. l.Tri woikin- mi nei ' ""'M ob!iprve "p meatless day and jr,f Iii-h ideals." He demands also lhe!
My nation are ...rd -.k , " :a ,,,, observe the wheatiess day. (release of others under arrevt. I
and need their three square meats
day. I belie e tliat
v mild tn somewhere el.-e il they found
tbfjm.it lvr-H deprived of meat ou any
day. '
That brings us to the boardiiu
houses. We uiid none of these ob
serina either meatless nor wheat
less days. Two of the principal ones
! 'I l ls applies equal! v as well to hoard-
a majority of thi-ra ine houses.
I'Ihiih fur compelling the keepers
' boarriiiiK houses and itstauranis
t' observe these days are bcinc rorm
i. luted by the department of justice.
What the men in charge of this work
Van donig has not been made public,
though it is understood the authority
of the I'oniniissoln in charge of thi
would jnaKe such rcgulatjiiis. if they ;( ,lfrvai ion ,.f the food suppl.v is so
could depend on- the. third to do so. . t, weeping that it will be able .to close
Trotzky alleges that many Knelish
nien liviiiK in llu-sia are openly en
gaged in political activities with the
counter revi lulionary Russian hour
geoise and declares:
"The revolutionary democracy can
not accept the position that worthy
heroes of the Russian revolution lang
uish in concentration camps in Kng
land while counter revolutionary Brit
ish citizens suffer no restraint in Rus
sian revolutionary terrifry."
BETTER
Marinello
Phantom Powder
far, ttvrk. mrna and handknkrIlf;t(auiifuL
Atwototri? ttarmlrMi yrt trnfanfiinrrja in flr.
rr.'VMitFmi-tijrn. PMitiv,yraniot fi t'-trti.
Neither rubcofl rwt m affet?d by perspiration.
Fr? HtmonirfmtKn rm appMftion or wr1 two
5nt flir bampla and bookrtt"Caraot th6kin.'
McDonalds Marirullo Shop
Phone 305
LbsUau3
The process of heating water for domestic purposes has been rev
olutionized in the past few years through the inhoduction and
perfection of gas fired water heaters, until today it ;s no longer a
a problem to secure an abundance of hot water quickly and econo
mically, in any dwelling, large or small. v
Today, in the countless thousands of homes where gas fired water heaters are in
stalled, an abundance of hot water is available for any pi rpose. By some types cf heat
ers the water is heated instantly at the turn of a faucet, by others, within a few min
utes after lighting the heaters, and all without labor, incorverience or discomfort, ind
at a reasonable cost for gas.
LET US SHOW YOU ,
Bisbee Improvement Co.
v
0
i SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 2S, 1917.
i
--1
Mining and Financial News
Y ACVIEW
RAILROAD QUESTIONS been ordered to put all cereals on the
INTEREST BROKERS1 identical basis of precedence .aecord-
NEW YORK, Nov. 21. The unce.r- ec! to wheat. As such a method ol
'tain status of the t,.insportat!on situ-j handling grain is expected to arouse
ation resulting from the prospective a material increase of arrivals, heavy
pooling cf the eastern railroads to selling ensued and support was with
niect v.ar erne reach's aain consti-; drawn. Unseasonably warm, moist
tuted the chief deterrent iu today's : weather had previously tended to
stock maiket. High-grade rails were make corn sympathize with advances
offered at extreme concessions of 1 1 in the oats market,
to almost 3 points, their heaviness New high-price records for the 3ea
gradually provoking 1 to 2 point re- son were reached by oats before the
acti)tis in prominent Industrials. government notice was received that
General news of the day was rather oats, like wheat, would be rushed for
favorable, railroad earnings taking a ' ward by the railroads. Declines from
moderate turn for the better, mojey j top quotations of the day, however,
evincing further ease and liies ot were in rapid progress when the ses
Italian exchange making additional slons closed. '
recovery from its recent acute depres-, In provisions the main factor was
Bion. a lack of offerings.
Trading was restricted, however.!
and majfily of professional origin.
Equipments and the war groups we,r
later inclined to throw off the inenia
of rails, but rallies were little more
than tentative on indifferent support.
I'nited States Steel stf-ered an ex
tremely narrow course between 99
and 97. rallying on. a small fraction.
and finishing at a net loss of V
points.-Related stocks moved in the
same irregular manner. ;
Some of the motor shares proved '
an exception to the general rule, and'
shippings and tobaccos also hardened;
at times with coppers and leather and ,
paper issues, but only a few- of these
gams were retamea in more wan
Flight measure. Sales amounted to
525.000 shares.
With the exception of Mercantile'
Marine 6's the bond market moved in j
sympathy with stocks, irregular
changes being mainly downward. Lib-,
erty issues were moderately active.;
the 4S Between ..o anu so.u-.
the 3',2's between 99 and 9914. Sales,
par value, approximated $4,375,000.
Tnited States bonds, old issues, were
unchanged on call.
GRAINS ARE SET BACK Krie . 15
CHICAGO. Nov. 27. Announce- Goodrich 37
ments that hereafter corn and oats General Motors 90
would have tP.e same preference as industrial Alcohol 112
wheat in the movement of railway ; Lackawanna 81
freight led today, to a sharp setback Maxwell 25
of grain values. Corn finished heavy., Marine .. . 24
l'ic net lower to "ic advance, with Marine Pfd 96
January 81.204 to $1.20. and Mayijjidvale 44
$1.18 to $l.lS5s. Oats held a net:Mexlcan Petroleum 79
gain of to N.c. The outcome for New york Centrai 69
provisions ranged from. 30c decline 1 Northern Pacific 84
a raise of 72c. I Reading ..: 70'4
Breaks in the price of corn took j Rubber 52
place chiefly in the last 15 minutes Rep gtee, 78sj
of trading and seemed the direct re-1 gtuuebaker '. 42
suit of w ord that the railroads had j g(eel 97
- ' ' Steel Pf.l 109
ARIZONA
Bisbee Copper Co.
PER SHARE
FOR SALE BY
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize in Jerome
and Oatman Stocks.
P. O. BOX 1129 PHONE 26
ffOME -
"STOCK NOW
JE
30c Per Share
Offering the small as well as the large investor the
opportunity of a lifetime.
This property, consisting of 8 claims, is sit
uated on the famous Lower Contact, 3 Yl miles
from the United Verde and United Verde Exten
sion, and is surrounded by the Copper Chief the
Equator (which is owned by ex-Senator Clark),
the Jerome Portland and the Green Monster.
Mr. Tom P. Esmond
Our Representative is located at
HOGAN & SEED'S OFFICE
Mr. Esmond cf Jerome, Always Picks the Winners.
Eloof rlc
LEA (CO WIRE
COTTON STOCKS
NEW YORK. Nov. 27. The cotton
market was barely steady at a net
decline of 3 to 23 points; January,
, 29.39.
METAL MARKETS
NEW YORK, Nov. 27.-Lead. quiet;
fipot. 6.37. Spelter, easier; spot
East gt del, ? 26,. t0
71- Bar gver g4,.
vn0ir
NEW YORK
Closing Quotations November 27, 1917
(By U J. Overlock)
; Anaconda Sg.v
American Car
66
American Can 36
American Locomotive 54
American Snieltet 7$
American Sugar 98
Baldwin !!!!.! 55
jetn g slj.
and o
c p an(1
;Canadian pECific '
crucible
Central Leather .,
48
36
134
-55
67
! Distillers -. 35
St. Paul 37
Sinclair Oil 3114
Texas Oil 144
Union Pacific 114
U. S M 7
Westinghouse ..- 39
BOSTON
Adventure 1
Allouez 51
Alaska , . 2'
American Zinc 1
Allouez Commercial 11
Butte
C. and A 66
C. and H 430
Chief Range 45
Chino
East Butte 1
Granby 67
Green Can 38
Goldfield 40
Hancock 9
Indif.na 1
Inspiration '44
Kennecott 33
Lake 6
La Salle 2
Miami 2S
Mohawk 61
ST LOUIS
NIG CO.
SELLING AT
9 Works ?S-
Mayflower ; j
Nevada IT'-l.
North Butie V
Nip 7-U
Old Dominion , 39 ,
Osceola C6 i
Pond Creek , lx
Quincy 66;
Ray Con 228 j
Shattuck ,19
Shannon ........, 54 :
Superior Boston 3i I
?t. Mary's 55
I'tah Copper 784 .
Utah Con 12V4
Winona
CURBS
Arkansas and Arizona
Austin
Arizona Silver King
Big Ledge . ..
Butte and London 15
Calumet and Jerome
Cornelia 15
Con. Arizona
Con. Copper Mines
Curtiss
Denn
Dundee .. ..
Emma
Emma
Gadsden
Green Monster
Green Island 11
Hull
Howe Sound
Hecla-
'nspiration Needles
Jerome Verde
'erome Victor .' . .
Jerome Portland
Magma Copper 47
Magma Chief
Miami Con
Magnate
Pitts Jerome
Ray Here
Santa Rita -
Tom Reed
United Eastern 375
Verde Extension '. 33
Verde Com
West End 65
White Caps
Wolverine Arizona 1
Wright Martin 7
NEW YORK, Nov. 27. There were
many cross currents in today's mar-j
ket, the copper shares and a fewi
specialties displaying resiliency,
while the railroad issues and a few
of the so-called standard industrials'
depreciated moderately. Proposed
pooling arrangements of the railroads
not being clearly defined naturally
created some nervousness over the
carriers' future status and was re
flected in the selling by timid holders.
Pressure in this department was also
induced by the unfavorable October
earnings of the Atchison and the
Union Pacific, also a few of the minor
rail companies and the New York
Central's last quarter. War news was
not of any great significance', and the
recent victory of the British on the
western front seems to have ' spent
itself as a market factor. The Rus
sian status of affairs is still a live
topic and has something to do with
curtailing the outside inquiry for
stocks.
The market has in the recent past
enjoyed a rather substantial rally,
and a moderate setback would seem
to be but a natural sequence. How
ever, the international news contin
ues to be the dominating influence,
and the price tendency will in great
part be guided by the day-to-day po-'
litical developments.
LOGAN & BRYAN
OATMAN
(By Collins & Uretherton)
Adams 03
Arizona Rex
Arizona-Tom R 02
Gold Ore .24
Gold Reed ...
Gold Cliff ,
Lucky Boy 02
Sunnyside 02
Telluride 07
Tom Reed 1.17
United Eastern 3.75
United Northern 06
United Western 02
Red Lion
.25
.05
.15
.03
.10
1.20
3.80
.25
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden : 1.87
Green Monster 81
Butte London 15
Dundee 50
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome 37
Jerome Verde .- 81
Ark-Arizona 05
Jerome Portland 45
Ins-Needles 06
Hull Copper 34
Magma Chief 37
Wolv.-Arizona 1.50
Miami Mother Lode
Verde Com 62
Miami Con 03
Arlz-Bisbee Copper
Butte Arizona 03
Santa Cruz Bisbee
Jerome Daisy
Nacozari Con
Verde Apex 13
Calumet and Jerome 1.37
Feather River Gold
2.00
.87
.17
.75
.101
.62;
.87
.10,
.12,
.38,
.50'
r.75 1
.r.o ;
.75:
.08'
.50:
'.27!
.50,
.421
.15
1.50
JURY IS COMPLETE
(By Review Leased Wire)
CONCORD. N. C. Nov. 27. The
jury which Is to determine whether
Gaston B. Means shot and killed Mrs.
Maud A. King, wealthy Chicago wid
ow, at Blackwelder springs near here
on August 29 was. completed tonight
in Cabarrus county court.
O. K. LIVERY AND
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Heneey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
i
! " '
8 L
117 " i 1 1
1 I VI
Of I
I Holloa X. I
"At the Lyric Theatre Today
THE FIGHTING TRAIL"
BRITISH CAPTURE
CITY MADE FAMOUS
BY BIBLE HISTORY
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. Nov.27. Becrsheba. re
cently captured by the British army
in Palestine, derives its main interest
in
from its connection with the biblical would, it is anticipated, bring great
patriarchs, and served as a residence j prosperity to southern Bavaria, whose
successively to Abraham. Isaac and i unfavorable geographical situation has
Jacob. The low plateaus around the ! so far prevented its adequate develop
tow n are very fertile, but cultivation j ment. The two chambers of the Bavar
Is neglected by the neighboring fel- ian Landtag have passed a bill for the
iaheen. The district was very thickly ! construction of a large canal joining
populated in the Roman -and Arab
times.
On the western bank of the river
are situated the two wells famous!
among the Arabs for the good quality
of their water and for their size, the
largest measuring 12 feet in diameter.
The desert of Peersheba is very
spring and early summer, but in this
season of the year offers to "Tommy"
nothing but a dry and parched sur
face wirh not a single tree to break
the monotony of the landscape. The
arable land of Palestine comes prac
tically to an end at Beersheba. which
is distant 2S miles from Hebron and
53 miles from Jerusalem.
In the first years of the Moslem
era the famous Arab General Omar
retired there to lead an ascetic life.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
TURKEYS
Home dressed, lb ?..36c
Alive, lb 33c
Home Dressed Turkeys
will be scarce. but we
will guarantee delivery if
you put your order in
early. '
TOVREA'S
Phone
Bisbee 14 - - - Lowell 51
SI
INLAND WATERWAY
ACROSS CENTRAL
EUROPE IS PLANNED
-
...f , v.
r Jrl 7n i.. Vonte, ,nu e he rnn
Cierniiin plans contemplate tne con-
struction or organization of a naviga-
ble inland waterway for large boats
acrcss Europe from the Blafk Sea to,
the Rhine and the French river sys-
tern, on one hand, and to the Elbe and
the northern German waterway sys-'
tern or. the other. This would enor -
mously enlarge the facilities for com
mercial intercourse between Germany
and Austria-Hungary and between Ger
many and the Balkan countries and
Turkey. The war has given ri.se to Pse ) southeast corner; toence mo os
the desire for closer links between the The names tjf the adjoining claims to 48' West 581.40 feet to Comer No. 3.
countries of the present central Euro- this survey are; on the north. Survey ! the Southwest Corner; thence North
pean alliance, seems to have given ; No. 2412. Apache lode; Neglected and j 32 25' East 974..10 feet to Corner No.
an impetus to these schemes and cana! Anna, unsurveyed; owned by applicant; 4. the Northwest Corner, thence
projects are just now well to the fore herein; Warren lode, unsurveyed; on; South 59 48' East 581.40 feet to Cor
in Germany, according to advices re- the Ea9t Survey No 3158i Rona loie. , er No t the p,ace bf b.gjnninr: con
ceived here. , on the South Survey No. 1794, Grenfell I taining a total area of 12.992 acres.
JStS tlX Z- S-ey No. tlf. in conflict
peninsulas, consists of two entirely Corona rodes; Survey No. 222.1 Shat-; with Don Miguel No. 1 lode of thta stir
separate systems. The separating line tuck No. 2: and Survey No. 3158. Car- rey, of 0.084 acres, and Surrey No.
.... I n 1 . n .1 ri - 1 .1 ... . ttA.A . . . . a mm - .
runs across Europe, from tne Nortn
Sea, between Hamburg and Bremen.
parallel with the Elbe, to Bohemia.
From Hamburg it is possible to go to
Riga, and even to Odessa, the Knssian
port on tne HiacK tea, ny a connectea
series of waterways, but it is impossi
ble to journey from Hamburg to Han
over in like manner. From Bremen a I
motor boat can take you to the Medi
terranean or to the foot of the Pyrenesl tv' state of Arizona, invites architects
but there is no navigable waterway I submit plans and specifications in
from Prague to Vienna. detail for the erection and completion
In recent years wide interest has i in Lowell and Bisbee, Cochise county,
been taken in plans fcr joining the j Arizona, of new buildings or such ex
Danube northwards with the Elbe and tensions and additions to the present
the Vistula and westward with the j C0Unty branch jails as will be suitable
Rhine and so with the entire west j
war political considerations have em- The new buildings or the said exten
phaslzed the importance of such plans !8ions a"d addltlon! t0 the present
from the central powers' point of view, j un:y branch jails are designated to
The strength of the Quadruple, alliance. take re for and be occupied by the
as conceived for the future by the? Justice courts and suitable accommo
statesmen of the countries concerned.; dations for jurors engaged in the trial
lies in the economic solidarity that i
might be reached if the wares of the
four states could be easily and cheaply
exchanged. Germany, it is pointed
out. might attain to a more vigorous
ln.l ,t,inl vWnnt anrf th. .n,fr.
complex of countries, from the North
Sea to the Persian Gulf, would form
an economic block.
One essential factor for the realiza
tion of such plans is a cheap means
of communication, a waterway joining
the various countries of the Quadruple
alliance. There are various plans afoot
for securing a Rhine-Danube waterway
navigable by good sized boats. Per
haDs the most favored is that of a
j canal running from Wertheim, on the
Main, past Nuremberg to Stepperg on
the Danube. It provides for barges
of 6110 tons to 1,000 tons. The canal
would be prolonged south of the Da
nube to Augsburg and Munich, and ;
the Rhine, Main and Danube on cer
tain conditions.
Relatively, the waterways of Europe
today carry a greater quantity of goods
man its raiiroaus, ana tne proportion
still tends to move in favor of the
cheaper water borne traffic.
THE FORD AGENCY
Still growing. Extending from street
to street. Johnson addition. The
most experienced and expert mechan
ics obtainable. Considerate attention.
Prompt service. Satisfactory results.
Legal Notices.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
FOR U.
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3374.
Serial No. 036635.
United States Land Office, Phoenix.
October 31. 1917.
Notice is hereby given that R. A.
Bretherton and C. M. Henkel, co-owners,
whose postoffice address is Bisbee,
' Arizona, have made application for
! patent for the following named lode
mining claims, situated in the Warren
Mining District. Cochise county. Arizo
i na. in Sections 13 and 14. Township 23-
S. Range 24-E, unapproved. G. & S. R.
B. & M.. described as follows, to-wit:
kocklam) ueginmne at corner
i No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence the
i Wl-4 cor. sec. 18 T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G. &
S. R. B. & M. bears S.78 58 E. 3233.9
i feet: thence N. 83 34' W. 11S8.70 feet
j to comer No. 2: thence N. 78 20' W
j347.ro feet to corner No. 3: thence N.
!2 14' W. 574 feet to corner No. 4:
j thence S. 83 34' E. 1.500 feet to cor
ner No. 5: thence S. 2 o4' E. 606 feet
i to corner No. 1. the place of beginning.
.containing a net area of 18.658 acre,
i expressly excluding area in conflict
i with Survey No. 3158, Rolla lode of , 17.917 acres. The presumed course of '
,1.858 acres. '.the rein on this claim Is from the!
! "BLACK BEN." Beginning at cor -
i ner No. 1. the S. E. comer, whence the
Wl-4 cor. of Sec. 18. T. 23-S. R. 25-E. O.
: & S. R. B. & M. bears S. 80 03' E.
4737.2 feet: thence N. 78 20' W. 1150.-;
50 feet to corner No. 2; thence N. 65 j
23' W. 377.80 feet to corner No. 3:';
thence N. 2 04' W. 530.40 feet to cor-!
ner No. 4; thence S. 78 20' E. 1500;
feet to corner No. 5: thence S. 2 04' j
E. 617.60 feet to corner No. 1. the place
, nt hacrlnnlnv rnntnlnlnor not ira nf
zii.112 acres, expressly excluding area:
In conflict with Sunshine lode of this ,
survey of 0 208 acres. ;
"SUNSHINE". Beginning at comer;
No. 1. the R. F. corner, whence the W !
Shoe Repair
ing at Regu
lar Prices!
1 1-4 cor of Sec. 18. T. 23-1.. R. 2j E., G.
' & S. R. B. & M. bears S. 78 51' E. 6,-
.r.6 feet; thence S. 82 04' W. 9.'3.30
j feet to corner No. 2: thence N. 1 41'
E. fif0 feet to corner No 3; thence N.
81" 48' E. 960.10 feet to corner No. 4; . No. 1, the place of beginning; contala
thence S. 1 11' W. 604.50 feet to cor- ing a totil area of 18.277 acres. Ex
ner No. 1. the place of beginning, cou-! pressly excluding area In conflict
taining a net area of 12.860 acres, ex -
pressly excluding aera in conflict with
Survey No. 2412. Apache lode of 0.217
1
acres. .
The location notices or these claims
are recorded in the office of the Coun-
ty Recorder of Coch.se county, Arizo -
na, as follows:
Rockland, Book 49. Record of Mines,
1 paRe
Black Ben. Book 49, Record of Mines
page 132.
Sunshine. Book 49, Record of Mines
U"!I,U BI1U o'ona luues on uie esi
Survey No. 1794. Calumet lode,
J. L. IRWIN, Register.
First publication, Nov. 7. 1917.
j Last publication, Jan 16, 1918.
NOTICE TO ARCHITECTS
Notice is hereby given that the
Board of Supervisors of Cochise coun-
for the purpose herinafter designated.
of cases Also the safe keeping of
prisoners confined therein.
The maximum amount of nitonev au-
: ! J VT I " '
ti0n f the "eW building Or additions
I and extensions to the present county
uruncu jau at ujweu w rive Thousand
($5,000.00) Dollars, and to the one Io -
cated at Bisbee, Ten Thousand (JlO. -
000.00) Dollars. A premimum tf 2
per cent of the amount to be expended
wm ne paid to the architect whose
plans are accepted, and the sum of 2
per cent of the amount to be expended
for supervision, to the architect whose
plans are adopted. For further infor-
mation of architects reference is here -
by made to the Provisions of Title XL
of the Revised Statutes of Arizona.
1913. Civil Code.
The Board reserves the right to re
ject any or all plans submitted. Plans
will be passed upon at 11 o'clock a. m.,
December 3, 1917.
Address all communications to A. C.
Karger. clerk, Tombstone, Arizona.
Attest: X. M. JOHNSON.
A. C. KARGER, Chairman.
Clerk. Adv-303
First Publication, November 21, 1917.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3277. Serial No.
036120. United States Land Office,
Phoenix, Arizona. August 31. 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Alfred ! 3844.8 feet; thence North 87 11 West
Paul, whose post tofflce address Is ! 148.90 feet to . Corner No. 2. the South
Douglas, Arizona, has made appllca-lwest Corner; thence North 60 13'
tion for patent for the following j West 16.50 feet along lines l- and 2 3
named lode mining claims, situate In Survey No. 2136 Marquette No. 1 lode
the Warren Mining District Cochise ! and Survey No. 2244 Bisbee Queen Na
County, Arizona: . 13 lode respectively, to Corner No. 3:
"Don Miguel- thence North 48 56 West 1001.00 feet
Beginning at Corner Nfc. 1, the along lines 6 5 and 3-4. Surrey Na
Southeast Corner, whence the West 2186, Marquette 1 lode and Surrey Na
quarter Corner of Section 30, Town-! 2244, Bisbee Queen No. 3 lode respeo
ship 23, South, Range 25 East. G. ft S. tirely, to Ctorner Na 4, the Northwest
R. B. ft M. bears South 85 36' East! Corner; thence South 87 11' East
4941.1 feet; thence North 69 39' West 1 127.10 feet to Corner No. 5, the North
1500 feet along lines 1-5 and 2-3 Sur- east Corner: thence South 48 55
rey No. 2244, South Side and Gold Hill East 915.30 feet along line 5-6 Surrey
lodes, respectively, to Corner Nto. 2. : No. 2244 Bisbee Jueen No. 3 lode tt
the. Southwest Corner; thence North Corner No. 6; thence Stouth 56 55'
32 25' East 467.50 feet to Corner No. East 120.10 fet along line 6-1 Surrey
3; thence South 68 46' East 664.7.0: No. 2244 Bisbee Quen Na 3 lode to
feet along line 3-2 and 4-5 Survey No. . Corner No. 1. the place of beginning;
1781 Cave lode and Surrey No. 2244 ' containing a total area of 1.849 acres.
Gold Hill lode, respectivelv to Corner expressly excluding area In conflict
n0. 4; thence North 43 52' East
j 63.20 feet along lines 2-1 and E6 of
Survey No. 1781. Cave lode and Sur -
rey N o. 2244, Gold Hill lode, respec-
; tively. to Corner No. 6: thence South
69 38' 30" East 654.30 feet along' The locations notices of sa'.d claims
lines 3-2 and 6-1 Surrey Ntj. 1953 Bryen are recorded In the office of the Cfcun
lode and Surrey No. 2244 Gold Hill ty Recorder or Cochise County. Art
lode, respectively, to Corner No. S, the zona, as follows:
Northeast Corner; thence Sooth 4 "Don Miguel." Book 54 Record of
49' East 236.40 feet to Corner No. 7: : Mines, pas 402;
! thence South 22 25' West 391.20 feet
to Corner No. 1, the plaec of the be-
glnnln;g containing a total area ot
; West end center South 69 39' East
1 1500 feet
' "Don Miguel No. 1"
Beginning at Corner No. 1. the
Northeast Corner, whence the West!
quarter Corner of Section 30. Town
ship 23 South. Range 25 East G. A S.
R. B. & M. bears sooth. 85 37' East;
4935.1 feet: thence Swath 3? 2'
West 584 feet to Corner No. 2. the
! Southeast Corner: thence North 69
52' West HSrt fpAt ta Corner No. 3.
menticai witn corner imo. a survey ro.
2244 South Side lode; thence North
48 62' West 614.60 rest along lines 3-4
and 1-5. Survey No. 2244. Sbuth Side
and Surrey No. 2188. Worren lodes.
Brewery Oulc
respectively, to Corner No. 4, the
j Sonthwe5t Corner: thence North 32
; 25' East 314 40 feet to Corner No. 5.
i the Northwest Corner; thene South
' 69 39' East 3506 40 feet to Cfcrtier
! with Survey No. 1917. Bangor Lode of
' 0.123 acres. The presnmed coarse of
! the Teln on this claim Is from the East
unr.
end center North 68 26' U est 1499.
! fet
"Don Miguel Nt. J."
, Beginning at Corner Na 1, the
Northeast Corner, whence the West
1 quarter Corner of Section 30, Town-
! ship 23 South, Range 25 East O. A S.
, R. B. & M. bears South 84l 21' 30
East 4235 feet; thence Scuth 32 23'
; West 9T4.10 feet to Corner No. 2. the
:ui uuie aiary ioa ot -.on acrva.
j and Don Miguel No. 4 lode of this sur
vey of 0.866 acree. The presumed
cburse of the vein on this claim Is
from the North end center South 32
25' West 974.1 feet
"Don Miguel Na 3"
Beginning at Corner Na 1, the
Southeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30, Town
ship 23 South. Range 25 East O. A 3.
R. B. & M. bears South 82 16' East
4606.1 feet; thence Nrth 59 48' West
176.80 feet to Corner No. 2. the South
west Corner; thence North 4 49'
West 906.80 feet to Corner No. S. the
Northwest Corner; thence South 59
48' East 176.80 feet to Corner No. 4.
the Northeast Corner;; thence South
4 49' East 906.80 feet to Corner Na
1,' the place of beginning; containing
a total area of 3.014 acres. Expressly
excluding area In conflict with Survey
No. 1953 Bryen lode exclusive of Its
conflict with Surrey Na 2244 Blsbe
Quen No. 2 lode tot 1.403 acres. The
presumed course of the vein on this
claim Is from the North end center
South 4' 49' East 906.8 feet
j "Don Miguel No. 4.
j Beginning at Corner No. 1. the
i Northeast Corner, whence the West
'quarter Corner of Section 30. Tbwn.
ship 23 South, Range 25 East G. A S.
! R. B. ft M. bears North 75 35' East
3334.5 feet; thence South 61" 17
West 631 60 feet to Corner No. 2. the
Southeast Corner; thence North 53
22' West 1018.20 feet along llrve 2-3.
! Survey No. 2244, Bisbee Queen lode to
j Corner Nt. 3; thence North 48 56
West 447 feet to Corner No. 4. the
Southwest Corner; thence North 51
17' East 500 feet to Corner No. 5. the
Northwest Corner; thence South 56'
55 East 1500 feet to Corner Na L
the place of beginning; containing a
total area of 18.913 acres, expressly ex-
1 eluding area In conflict with Survey
No. 2172 Lena lode of 0.043 acres. The
presumed course of the vein on this
claim is from the East end center
North 56 55' West 1500 feet
"Don Miguel Na 0."
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the
Southeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30. Town
ship 23 South .Range 25 East O. ft S.
R. 8. ft M. bears North 70 23' EaM
- with Don Miguel No. 4 tf this survty
of 0.827 acres. The presumed course
! of the rein on this claim Is from the
South end center North 48 66 Wert
1013.1 feet
I "Don Miguel NT). V Book 64 Reo-
ord of Mines, page 403;
: "Don Miguel No 2," Book 54, Record
of Mines, page 404;
Don Miguel No. 3." Book 64. Rec
ord of Mines, page 405;
"Don Miguel M. 4. Book 64. Rec
ord of Mines, page 406;
"Don Miguel No. 5." Book 54. Rec
ord of Mines, page 407;
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the north the "Care, -Bel-tie
Mary" and "Mascot" lodes f on
the South, "Edith, "Lena," "Marquette
V "Cora," "Bangor." ."Buffalo," "Cir
cus" and "Warren" lodes; onthe East
"Little Elsie.' "Little Mary" and
"Ocatea" lodes; on the West 'Xasl
Chance" lode.
J. L. IRVTN. Register.
First Publication. Sept 23, 1917
Last Publication. Norember 30. 1917.
NEXT DOOR TO
RACKET STORE
PHONE 386 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 28, 1917.
SEVEN
i
1
3
V
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under this bead at the rata of 1 cent per word for each
1mu, wita a minimum charge tof 25 cent. Advertisements must reach Th
Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion in the nest morning paper
Malt Help Wanted
WANTED Boy for shop work. Apply
Brophy Garage & Supply Co. 29S
LEARN actual ante repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A, Lob Angeles, Cat
alog tree.
HELP WANTED Application! tor
"Review" . routes asked' tor from
WIDE AWAKE boys between 13 and
16 years old. 126
WANTED Bell boy Copper . Queen
Hotel.
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Chambermaid at Miners'
HoteL 56
WANTED Woman to care tor 2 chil
dren for her i)om and board while
mother is out working, during the
day... Give full parUculars. Moon
Canyon, second house from High
road, call between 1 and 3 p. m.
. 467
Wanted
PRACTICAL nurse.
Tombstone canyon.
house,
No. 30
410
ADVERTISING SOLICITOR wanted at
-once. Write Box 1314, Bisbee- 424
WANTED Wbman to work in private
boarding house. Mrs. N. Swing. 1
Tank HUL 375
WANTED Piano pupils by an exper
ienced lady teacher who is a gradu
ate of the Cincinnati. Ohio, College
of Music One dollar a lesson. Call
at No. 4 Laundry Hill, or address
Georgia L. McGuire, General Deliv
ery. ' 374
WANTED Typewriting to do at home
of evenings.- Box 1370. Bisbee Ar
izona. 760
WANTED Telegraphers, stenograph
ers, . bookkeepers; students earn
board, room tuition. Mackay Busi
ness College. Los Angeles. 789
WANTED To rent, two nicely furn
ished housekeeping rooms. Address
X. L. T, care Review. 457
WANTED 2 housekeeping robins. Bis
bee 01 Lowell or place for batching.
X. V. Review. 444
WANTED -r- Three furnished house
keeping rooms in Bisbee. Call Phone
Black 512. dh
WANTED To trade Chevrolet touring
-car for Ford- roadster. Inquire at
Waters &. Son, Brewery Ave. 461
Position Wanted
WANTED Position
nurse. Phone 661.
by
experienced
411
WANTED Position by experienced
nurse, nursing. Call Red 478. 399
MAN AND WIFE (no children) want
permanent place on stock ranch, ex
perienced. Box 1279, Bisbee. 399
WANTED Young man wishes posi
tion as stenographer; experienced.
Address I. D. W. care Review. 346
WANTED Position as practical nurse
or day work. Phone Blue 805 or 4?
Laundry HilL , . 442
For Sale
FOR SALE 160 acrea, good farming
land in Sulphur Spring Valley. E.
Sulger, C. & A, Office, Warren, 116
FOR SALE A bargain. One S passen
ger touring car and 1 1917 Ford, If
. taken at once. Brophy Garage &
Supply Co., Lowell. 297
FOR SALE Twelve stool lunch coun
ter. . A mtmey maker. Owner must
seek lower altitude.. Inquire at
striped tent Lowell. ' 701
FQR SALE Shoe shop in prominent
mining camp up-to-date1 machinery,
in perfect condition, good chance for
a good shoemaker. For information
call at Review Office. F. N. 249
FOR SALE Lunch room 4nd soda
water fountain, very low rent Have
good reason for selling. Will stand
investigation. Address, Box 3074,
Lowell. Ariz. 335
PETEY DINK Can You Beat Itf
. STfotfT oMoufc A J)
For Sale
FOR SALE 6 room house with 2 lots
0x110, basement under whole
house. Concrete wall all around both
lots. 45 bearing fruit trees. All!
fenced with wire fencing. Garage,
barn find chicken houses. For fur
ther information call on Vr address,
A. Parker, the Gyp block bouse build
er. P. O. Box 942, Warren. 315
FOR SALE or Trade, for property in
Warren District, 160 acres with 300 j
laches of water from Imperial Val-j
ley, California river. Land is goodj
for alfalfa, cotton or hog ranch, or;
can raise most everything. See R. P. j
Radich, Box 3088, Lowell. Ariz. 261 i
FOR SAT.IT Series 17. six cylinder. 7!
t passenger Studebaker touring car. H.
M. Gallagher, Phone 20. 332 1
FOR SALES Ford touring body go)d'
condition, cheap. City Blacksmith;
Shop. 317 j
FOR SALE Two 3 room houses, one'
4 room house, garage, on street carl
line: level lots, no hill to climb: a)
very good location; rents for 370; 1
houses in good condition. Tomb-i
stone canyon. $1,500 cash, balance;
easy payments; party leaving town. ;
Apply to-M. C. High, Alien Block. j
423'
FOR SALE Fine lot, directly across!
from Lincoln school, cheap, ready j
for building. Call at Rooms 5 and!
6, Allen Block. 418
FOR SALE Funiture l'jr three rooms j
complete, clean and good condition.!
Cheap if taken at once, 105 Mason'
HilL ' 425 '
FOR SALE Furniture of three rooms. ;
Nearly new, 37 Laundry HilL 455 j
FOR SALE Folding bed cheap. Mrs. 1
Higgins, Subway road facing Lincoln '
School 452 ;
FOR SALE Cheap, piano in good con- j
dition. R. E. C, care Review. 438 j
I
FOR SALE New Victor Victrola,
fumed oak with $25 worth records, j
will sell for 3100. C. W. Moon,
Tombstone Canyon across from Lin- j
coin school. 439 t
j
FOR SALE Completely furnished j
house, 3 rooms, bath and sleeping i
porch, level ground. Phone Black 394 j
44V i
FOR SALE 5 rc'om house and bath, j
Apply Win. Buckett Mason Hill.!
Phone Green 573. 481
FOR SALE 6 room house on Youiir-
blood Hill.
Apply o J. W. Phillips
next to S6.
477!
FOR SALE 4 room house and lot. op-1
posite Dan Seed in Wo'jd Canyon. !
479:
FOR SALE A new Oakland 6 touring j
car, never used $970 by G. L. Coats. 1
Mesiila Park, New Mexico. 466 !
FOR SALE 1 new Ford engine built
especially for truck. Aluminum pis-j
tons, latch piston. 3 leak proof rings.
bearings ground in Bosch Ford mag-!
netos. Price 1220. G. L. Coats, Mes ;
ilia Park, New Mexico. 465 j
FOR SALE Overland delivery truck,!
good condition, or will trade fot ;
touring car. Call stone house. South
Bisbee. " 463
FOR SALE Improved lot Tombstone 1
Canyon. Payments, Box 641, city. ;
464 '
For Rent
FOR RENT Three room house; no 1
children, 163 Art Hill, Tombstone
Canyon. 453
FOR RENT Garase. Place for 2 cars.
See Mrs.
Gaffney, near graveyard,
478
Lowell.
Money To Loan.
350,000 to loan on improved city prop j
erty or for building, on easy terms
of payment T. A. Hughes, ovei !
Bank o Bisbee.
697
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building. 166
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
(i
Vou
Awi
ou
GEHMAX PRISONERS BUILD AMERICAN
I
Mmim vvw iff j
Types of German prisoners who are Jpuilding American camps in France.
These German captives, some r.f them sullen and others jovial, are building barracks and making ths Amer
ican camp sites ready for troops already in France and for' others who are coming. The Am '.can officer shown
is one of the men saporviiinfr the:" vork. Note the contrast between the clean-cut American, roidier and the
tolid. sloppy ind;vitiua!s who fairly represent the German army as a whole.
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT TJ rooms for light
housekeeping, 69 School Hill, oppo
site Episcopal church. C93
FOR RENT Furnished rooms foi
light housekeeping, wator and lights,
56 Upper L'jwell, across from Low
ell depot. 3"!
FOR RENT 2 rooms for light house
keeping. E. Sheldoa, Winwood Ad
dition. 318
FOR RENT Furnished front mom for !
one jf two gentlemen. A. 15. Mt j
Keen, Houston avenue, Warren. Box j
13o0- - "l I
- 1
r.'JOSZ HOTEL Furnished
J2.00 per woek and up.
405!
FOR RENT Light Lousekeepins !
rooms, 189 Temby avenue.
458 !
LOST
LOST Bunch of six keys between Shat- wanted t'old.
tuck and postoffice. f 1 reward for r j The display advertisements that ap
turn to Review. , S72jpeared daily in every important Ger-
I man journal from the middle of Scp-
LOST-Gold bracelet between Metzj temDcr llnli! October 14 contained two
car stop and upper Brewery Gulch, j outstanding features. Almost invari
Reward. Return Gulden Rule store. ; al)iy they contained more or ,esa pa8.
! sionate and tinly thinly eiled assiir-rTic-r
r'hiiH'u l..,,!,.., .,, i -tnM ! auce.i that investment in the loan was
between Anderson's store and War
ren hill stop. Return to Anderson's
store. Reward. 480
PROFESSIONAL LARDS
PAT CLEARY, painter. Member
Builders' Exchange. Box 1495. 347
Miscellaneous
HARVEY BLOCK, Johnson additi n.
Dining room re-opened for boarders,
with room 'jr wjihout. Center cf
mines. 449
iNES WARBl'RTON. GOSSARD
C0RESTIE:RE, has moved from Let-
son hotel to Upper Main over Inde-
pendent Feed store. Telephone 841.
370
3XPERT paper hanger and painter. C.
J. Brandt. PhoncUaS. Box 150. 579
WE do general house cleaning, solder
ing, plumbing, repairing furniture,
stoves aud painting. Phone 742, Gim
enes. Reasonable prces. 52
koW.IM HO"
6IVC UP HlRlNCr
MoDeLS AT FlFTv CEW
Hook, and tcsiw
Some stilc lifc
4 flea. j
2 ,
ADVERTISING USED '
BY GERMANS WHILE
RAISING 7TH LOAN"
BERNE (Correspondence of The
Associated Tress) Germany recogniz
ed fully in its seventh war loan, the
value of adverLijing. It availed itseli
to the lull of r.iethuds tiia might be
called American in.taeir spectacular
quaHlie8 anJ tllat probably c-outribu :ed
materially to sucn success as the last
! loan just clcsed. achieved.
1 i .
j Yet these adver.isements, spectacu-
i lar and clever as they were and "Amer-
ican' 'as they seemed to be, revealed.
perhaps unconsciously, the weakness
of the loan.. For. despite their spec
I :acular effectiveness, they told a story
! that it is doubtful whether Gernrany
safa which surely would not have
been inserted had not there been, ser
ious u'jubt in the minds of the German
people who were asked to subscribe.
And, again and asain,- the public wa3
implored to subscribe wi:hout thinking
without consideration, and was more or
less deliberately asked to abandon iis
customary caution in choosing its in
vestments and subscribe merely as a
patriotic duty, reparoless of what the
value 'jf the investment might be.
The adver.i.sinu for the seventh loan,
like the fifth and sixth, was operated
from a central bureau that prepared
the "copy" striking -two and three
column display advertisements and
seut it to every important paper. Pro-
vtticiai papers, in addition, were en
couraged to vary the program wi.h ad
vertisements of their own that pre
sented a particular appeal to their
own readers. Papers in cities bombed
by the French interlarded the st'ock ad
vertisnieu with appeals to their read
ers to subscribe to tbe seventh war
loan as an answer to the acts of the
, . J
SW.
CAMPS IN FRANCE
.r
entente in bombarding unfortified cit
ies. The Stuttgart papers furnish a good
example of the way In which, the pro
vincial Geman press has taken ad
vantage of local happenings to vary the
routine advertisins sent out from head
quarters in Berlin. Immediately fol
lowing the latest French raid they
came out with the following blank
forms for .subscribers to sign:
"In consequence qf the aerial at
tacks on my home i:y of Stuttgart I
have decided to double the amount I
originally subscribed to the seventh
war loan."
ATTENTION ELKS.
All men.bers of Bisbee Lode No.
671 and visiting brothers, are requested
to meet at tiie Elks' hall, Sunday, De
cember 2nd., at 12:30 p. ni. to attend
Memorial Services at Orpheum thea-
tre a: 1:30 p.
ed Ruler.
m. R. E. Warner, Exalt-Adv-451
Under new management.
Expert horse shoeing.
Wagon work of all kinds.
Truck and wagon beds
made to order. Satisfac
tion guaranteed.
H. P.
FRIEDENRICHSEN,
Prop.
Legal Notices.
025782025876
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. land
olfice at Phoenix. Arizona, October
27. 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Ira E
Loomis of Buena, Arizona, who on Sep
tember 25, 1914, made homestead entry
No. 025782, for wl-2 ne 1-4, sel-4 nwl-4.
nwl-4 se 1-4. sec. 27; on October 12.
Gou- i'm glad h
CUTT(si6 DOWN EV?CH ,
SUGAR UASGokl OP 5a
okilv T f auv cacrie rr
Vt-amo Potatoes 31 ugces!
CityBlacksmith
Shop
Lodge
3ISSE l LODGE. NO. 718
leets every Friaj uight. Moose Hall.
,'l.siliug brothers cordially invited.
V. R. TONKIN. Dictator.
KAY ROS3. Secretary
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERi
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medigovich
Hall, second and fouri
Tuesdays each moo
Vial tin hrothr
some
LANE, Councillor.
BENTON, Recording Secrelar)
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA
DREADNOUGHT.
U Q. L. NO- 21(1
Meets In 1 O-
-F-H,al fir8t
and third
fh,' '' MONDAY
i V
Visiting broth
era cordially
invited o i
tend
1FO SLEKMAN. W. M
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretr
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie. No. 17G. f. O. E mee.
lra. and third MONDAYS. 8pm
Ragles H-U Visiter cordially -l
nme
HCHABD DAVIS, President
C. L. EDMONSON. Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 10.!
Knights of Pythias'
meets each Thursday!
(except second) in Oddj
Fellows' Hall at 7:30;
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
FRANK BRUNING, C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM, K. of R. S.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICN 1
YEOMAN I
Richard I, Homestead S95, meets I
second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows' hall. Visiting Archers ar
aordially invited.
F. L. KRON3CHILD. Foreman, ;
P. O. Box 1526. i
E. D. STIN'SON, Correspondent. 1
Box 1453. f
1914, H. E. 025867 for el-2 nel-4. nel-4
iel-4. sw 1-4 sel-4, sec 27, township 21-s
-ange 21-e, meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make three year prtof, to
establish claim to thel andabove de
-r.bed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
commissioner, at B'.sbee, Arizona, on
he 4th day of December. 19T7.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Wm. A. Morris, of Bjena, Arizona,
Frank B. Moson of Lewis Springs.
rizona.
Cassias R. Kntiles. of Buena. Ariz.
Paul H. Knolcs of Buena, Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN,
Register.
7irst Publication, Ooctober 30, 1917.
Advertisement-201
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. Land
office at Phoenix, Arizona, Novem
ber 17. 1917.
Notice is hereby given that George
W. Keahey of Bisbee, Arizona, who, on
July 7. 1916, made homestead entry.
No. 030367. for fjwitship 22S. range
23E. G. & S. R. B. & meridian, has filed
notice of Intention to make three-year
pt'jof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor. L S. Commissioner, at Bisbee.
Arizona, on the 26th day of December.
1917. '
Claimant names as witnesses: ,
Edward E. Thomas of Bisbee, Ariz.
Charles N. Thomas, of Bisbee, Ariz.
August F. Bornego, of Lowell, Ariz.
Keller Hogan, Bisbee, Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN.
. ' Register.
First Publication, Mv. 23. 1917.
Last Publication. Dec. 26. 1817.
Adv-364
OM UKICUE
nwEt?E3
HlS2E VlTH
FoR Jomg
M
D.
I
I
I
1
1
r
5 1
Aio POTATO 4
To PAlwiT
mess:
7
I I
Notices
A'EFK ENDING JEl 1, 19.7.
Monday.
I uti lay
Wednesday Thursday
Mark Master.
- . oMJSOE. W. ai.
V T. W ATKINS, Secy. V. A. M.
v M. COLWELL. E. H. P.
F. PH1LBRO0K. T. L M.
E KRY E C
DAVENPORT. Secretary Charu
and Commandery
R. BANKS. Secretary Council
T. F. BL
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
ttlabe Lodge N.
452 meets the
and 3rd Monday
of each month ai
7:30 at Medlgo
rich HalL Viait-
ug membors cordially tnrtted.
HIL DaVIS. President
MRS. C B. F1NOTTL Treasure!
Box 722. Tel. J3, Red.
CATHERINE SALHOLM. Secretary
LODGE NO. 71.
Regular meeting- drat and third rrt
day of each month Visiting brotbpn
cordially invited to attend
1 r WARNER. Exalted Ruler
1 A KELLY. Secretary
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Uly Temple. No. 3jneeta every 2nd
ana 4tb Thursday evening of eacl
month at Odd Fellows Hall Vlirittnf
lister are so-llally Invited
NNA HART. M. E C
fENET SWEENEY. M of R 1
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meet la Medigovich Hs.ll 2nd aal
th Fridayi of each month.'
HATTIE a. LUKE. Guardian
PAULINE F. BROWN, Clerk
P. O. Box I2L
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECUR
ITY. BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115
Meets every Second and Fourth Sat
urdays In the mtmth at L O. O. F.
hall, 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMTD, President. P. C
Box 24S3. Lowell. Ariz.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY,
Secretary, Lowell
E. LINDQUIST,
Financial Secretary. P..O. Box 3246.
Lowdl.
BISBEEZ LODGE, No. 1CL I. O. O. F.
Meets every
t ilsv WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fallova Hill
Mala street at 7:00 p. m. VisiLjig
brotiieri cordially invited .o a'teol.
Hall pbone lis.
GEO. MUNSET. N. O
C D. KIRBY. Secretary.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets ftrst and tnlra
Thnrsdays at 7: JO p. m.
In Medigovich Hs.IL a.11
visiting Ue4 Men invited
to attena.
Wm. DELBRIDGE. Sachem.
W. D. COHEN, Medicine Man
F. a FENDERSON. C of H.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERIC
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fetlows HalL
R. L. MOTZ. Conenl.
U. F MATHKWSON.
Clerk.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Ha?
Pearl Chapter. No. meets
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of ear
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS. W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box 841. Bisbee.
MRS JESSE- BEVAN. Sec'y. P. O. Box
2299, Chairman Belief Com. Phone 16L
WQODMEN OF THE WOLD.
Lowell Camp No. 4 wM
at 7:30. BropM HaU.
, H. C. LANDAn. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Oerfc.
All Woodmen Invited.
By C A, VOir.MT
PETtV.
a Boy
AtSlLt.
mmmm
Sucap
- X
1? " 1 mm
1 Nr-
f mm ' r EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 28, 1917.
City Briefs
AGLE THEA
CENT
iAL T
it
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
the Review after p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, i'bone 3a.
COMING
THE HOME OF GREATER STARS AND GREATER PHOTOPLAYS
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
Wm. Fox Presents George Walsh
SUNDAY SCHOOL
Miss Harriet McCrirkett of the
Ypsilanti normal school will address
a meeting of Sunday sc hool teachers,
at the Y. ". C. A. at five' o'clock .'jday.
CLASS POSTPONED
Mr. Xotmaa's Thursday class in eop
per mining will nci meet this week on
account of Thanksgiving. Mr. Whit
weirs class in geology wiil be hold
IN
'Wednesday as usual.
m w if mp 'mi mmt i ,
lEATREi
Wav
Kf.
11 flic
T-H-E S-M-L-E AM-IN-U-T-EM-A-N
That's George Walsh, the breeziest, most gonial and effervescent who ever made an audience roar with
laughter at new, clean and refreshing humor. He's the best antidote in the world for anything resembling
the blues
; TEA TODAY
i At a tea wiucn is iv te given at the
Y. W. C. A. this afternoon at four
o'clock Miss Julia T. Lee 'will explain
the work of the national war work .
' council. All are invited.
i
T-H-E P-I-C-T-U-R-E O F A T-H-O-U-S-A N-D C-H-U-C-CL-E-S
i not an exaggerated description of this light comeoy drama of snap and dash and vim and vigor.,
laugh in every inch of the film and a hundred or so thrills thrown in.
"A
There's
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
Orpheum Theatre
r
TONIGHT
Starting 6:15 TONIGHT
Under the Stars and
Stripes in France
ATWO REEL OFFICIAL WAR PICTURE SHOW
ING OUR BOYS AT WORK AND AT PLAY. v
DANCE
EAGLE HALL
EVERY
SATURDAY
EVENING
8:30
(F. O. E. 175)
SHAW'S ORCHESTRA
MARRIED
Milo McXairy and Miss Ruth Kerr
were united in marriage Monday nigl
a the home of Mr. and Mrs. V. E.
Raugu in Tpper Tombstone Canyon, i
T?pv Pilaris V. !lflrshn;nn nftiiiatini '
n in n.oto t),i r.,t, .hr, i' ' Gannon and Joel llodfjes were the
'.lnhnKin' QH.Kt.MTi Tl.o ..rnni ,..; prosecuting witnesses. Red dec
here from Texas to work in thp minps. ! tnat McNeill burned up the Xaeo road;
The bride arrived cnlv a !av cr two I to the tune of fif,y miles an nour hen
ag0 ' " ; the law calls for fifteen as the limit on
.: this highway. Thirty-five miles ex
cess was too much and ".he judge plas
tered a fine that would be remembered
for Quite a considerable spell.
Equal to The Flame of the Yukon with Dorothy Phillips,
the star who appeared in Hell Morgan's Girl.
YES! AND S-O-M-E FIGHT! I
J
A FILM FAVORITE TODAY
George Walsh is coming to the Eagle
today in "The Yankee Way." This
Irishman is up to LOuglas Fairbanks, A ,
as an athlete and a miracle man in THRILLING PICTURE
scaling impossible heights and doing ! . The, nian ' wofn ho see the
daring things. He has a smile, too, ; American fcoldier !n t ranee pictures
that is as fascinating as that of t.e at the (-rl)heum without a thrill is dead
treat Fairbanks Thpro i n nh. in 10 verv ' lnP lnKS mat maue
this picture that is a hummer. Any
one who likes Fairbanks is sure to like
Walsh just as well.
lared Alien Clergymen
Deported From
Mexican Capital
INDIAN LANDS WILL EfE
TRHOWN OPEN TO CATTLEMEN
(By Review Leased Wire.)
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 27. The arrest
and expulsion of a number of foreign
clergymen was announced in a state
ment issued today by the governorof
the federal district. The statement
savs the clergymen already have hppn
this country great. Every pnase 01 sent out of the country, together with
American soldier life is shown in these ther nersons rlasspd as imrlpaimhlpo
Speed costly
Edward McNeill of Naeo pushed too
' hard on the accetlerator and the judge I
said, "twenty-five dollars." McNeill had:
; pleaded not guilty and was brought to '
! trial in Justice Highs' t'Jur;. Red
R. R. WAtCH INSPECTORS
Prompt repairing, careful workman
ship, courteous treatment. Lowell
Jewelry Sbtop. Adv. 1 886 i
films in a most fascinating and inter
esting fashion. Washing, working,
i ciAking, drilling, playing, learning
I French, playing ball, fishing, inarching.
pitching camp, not a single post.'itie
thing thai the Sammie does is missed
by the camera. He is shown learning
to throw bombs and work machine
guns by his French instructors. The
Telegrams received today from the
food administration at Washington in
dicate that recommendations made
that Indian lands in Arizona be thrown
open for grazing and wa.er purposes
to stockmen whose ranges are deplet
ed and cattle perishing have met with
favor and that the reclamation de
partment will give this matter ImniedH
ate attention.
Hundreds of head of rattle have died
jn open range lands in the last few
weeks, and thousands are imperiled. In
dian resrvations, carrying a minimum
of cattle and abounding with feed, will
Thn ovnilclr, nf ko I..
said to have resulted from their failure iSaVe the bulk of the periled beef.
to comply witi the provisions of the
new constitution, which permits only
Mexican born priests to exercise re
ligious functions.
There were 14 of them in the party.
of Italian, French and Spanish nation-!
ality. The time limit set by the gov-:
GETTING BETTER
Henrietta Muat. who was operated
on at the Copper Queen hospital on
Monday, is progressing favorably.
t
TRIANGLE KAYBEE PRESENTS
William Desmon
AND ALL-STAR CAST IN
Time-Locks & Diamonds
AN ABSORBING PLAY OF THE PRESENT DAY
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
awn is50rtKtgs,s?iJWh,ljuaaetgtMasi
ROCKHILL'S STAGE.,
Bisbee-Tombstone, Leaves BIsbee
I Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a. m.. 1:30 p. m. 7
1 passenger cars. Careful drivers,
' Phone, Bisbee 5. Adv
THE PIE SHOP.
(Opposite Masonic Temple.)
On Wednesdays (wheatless days)
' try our corn bread and Fridays' (meat-
i less days) oyster patties. At any and
' all times, see us for home made cooked
; pastries. Adv-83
- MADAM J. REA KEYS ! ? u , u . , rKr,"nK . ernor after which foreign clergymen
At the St Regi, Hotel. j LVSorth Vhlte r pJtur Pathe iCOti,ied t0 C6ase e'Wtisin6 their
Room 10. Lowell. Arizona. tn, and PaThe III ' funttions had Mired'
uprNni nr.ieT jt actpai nnicT .
, . . i .,vi-vs,ia i , wouuenui pictures. i
I ine greatest living spiritually or-
dained medium and crystal reader,
i Without asking questions I will read
'your .en tire life. If you dobut my abi-
lty. call and I will give you po.-itive :
I evidence in your own life. I am not to
ibe compared with fortune tellers and
; such like, impostors whto prey upen;
the public with, their unprincipled
methods. Engagement hours daily '
and Sunday, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Advertisement-2i8
BRITAIN SAVES MUCH
BY RIGID ECONOMIES
NAVAL OFFICER IS
I NEW CHIEF OF POLICE
(By Review Leased Wire)
SEATTLE. Wash., Nov. 27. A
United States naval officer is to be,
chief of police of Seattle and will'
assume absolute control of the police;
department in a campaign that will be'
LONDON. Nearly five million dol- j launched not only against vice, but
against pro-Germanism as well. More-
L. L. Gilman sells the New Edison,
"the phonograph with a soul."
The Elks will give a dance to their;
J friends by invitation. Thanksgiving J
j night. Their friends can secure invi-1
kations from any one of the Elks.
Business Locals
Ueiter put that flue in before it gets j
cold. Call 'Mainland & Williams.;
phone 302. , Shop rear Orpheum. All j
kinds V)f sheet metal work. Adv-136
Expert paper Danger ana painter.
J. Brandt. Phone 45G. Box 150
SDecial'Thankseivin? sale nn all Mil-
580 1 linery and hair goods. Black Silk Hat-!
MADAM CAGNEY
Reads your destiny. ' Call before
making changes or new investments.
In a tent across from Central Theatre.
Adv-47
It will pay yon to nave us cneck the
electrical system on your car. Lob
man Wiight, Lowell. Adv.-360
PRIVATE SANITARIUM.
Call Black 573 for terms, etc.
Advertisement-974
ters Plush Sailors from $4 to f 8. Sale
j will continue throughout the week.
Mrs. J..E. Norris, Main street, "opposite
Elks Club.
lars have been saved by the British
war cflice in tea months by a new
method of salvage of soldiers clothing
and equipment.
Clothing is collected at various do
pots, sorted out and sent to a central
dep'Jt where i: is cleaned, patched and
made up or rewoven into new khaki.
Some three hundred to four hundred
women are engaged on the v. ork of
sorting and 45,tO0.0io articles have fo
far passed through tneir hands.
THANKSGIVING EVE
BALL
at
EAGLE HALL
WEDNESDAY
EVENING, .
NOVEMBER 28
over, he will wear the uniform of his
rank and his word will be the word
of the federal government.
It is stated that this plan was
agreed upon by Mayor Hiram Gill and
a civil organization known as the Se
attle minutemen, for the elimination
of conditions responsible for an order
1 y Ma j. Gen. H. A. Greene, forbidding ,
Camp Lewis soldiers to visit this city.
General Green declared the opera-;
'ions of a vice syndicate made Seat-'
t'e r.n unsafe place for soldier?. j
DANCE
THANKSGIVING EVE
NOVEMBER 28
PYTHIAN CASTLE. O. K. STREET
BEST FLOOR, BEST MUSIC,
BEST DANCE.
When your tooth aches, see a den
tist When your battery is ailing, see
battery experts. Willard Service Sta
tion, LOwell. Adv.-360
When you need a plumber call Main-
land & Williams, Phone 302. Shop in i
rear of Orpheum. Adv-125 i
NOTICE
All brothers of the Jr. O. IT. A. M.
are requested to meet in Medigovich
Hall at 10:15 Sunday, December 2,
1917, to atnd Thanksgiving services
at the Christian church.
F. D. LANE,' Councilor.
J. L. BENTON, R. S.
I AUV-4S3
Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath, 98 Mastt j
Hill. Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647. ,
4 4v. 21
NOTICE
All barbed shops will close at noon
I Thanksgiving.
, ,, n . ... n ... i Capt. It. E. Cocntz. commandant ofi
Lowell Camp No. 46, . O . "1 j the Pueet Sound is 9ai t0
give a Thanksgiving dance. Thursday, j nave teleKraph.d the navy del,art.)
November 29, a'. Brophy hall. GoDd J mcnt of Seattle's plans and rccom-!
music, and everybody invited. mending a naval officer for the office :
Adv 176 cf chief of police. 1
MRS. ENGLE
wishes to announce to her oM
patrons that she haa agar taken
over the Letson Jiotel and will In
future, as in past, run it in a first
class and orderly manner. We
solicit your patronage.
Call me when you want a careful j
driver. I drive a teven passenger
Paige. Harry Lappas, Phone 366.-Adv
If you need a tinner call Mainland & j
Williams, Phone 302. Shop in rear of t
Orpheum. - Adv.-I34
MINERS' MEAT MARKET I
For your Thanksgiving Dinner. Home A ia, meeting of the Warren Dis-
dressed poultry, turkeys, ducks, &eese, , . . 0, , . . ...
ham and spring chicken. All cuts of trct, So'd.leJ8 Cmfor Assocmtion call
It C. beef. Genuine suckling veal. . e(? for Wednesday evening at 7:30 Y.
Our prices are the lowest in this dis-! w c- A- A11 interested in this move
trict. Come and see our market early, i ment are requested to be present
CaU 141. Adv-482 i Adv-441
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOfMBSTONS
Stage Line.
The original Tombstone stage leavs
daily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. froin '
Cochise Motor Co., Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. Night tele
phone. Green 368. S7V
(Advertisement;
I LYRIC THEATRE
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
Continuous From 1 To 10 P. M.
William Duncan and Carol Holloway
IN
The Fk
films Trail
The Marvelous Adventure Serial of the Great Outdoors. Being Episode No. 1 of f
" IHfc PRICELESS INGREDIENT
Charlie Chaplin in The Cure
HELEN HOLMES in 'THE RAILROAD RAIDERS,'' Episode Number Eleven.
MUTUAL WEEKLY NEWS OF THE WORLD
MUSIC BY FRANK FRAZIER, 44 THE COWBOY MUSICIAN "
The House of Quality, Showing Clean, Wholesome
Photo-Plays. Catering to People of Refinement
WHO DEMAND QUALITY.
CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE 12 TO 10 P. M.
EXTRA SPECIAL TODAY
CLUNES Massive Production of
Helen Hoot Jackson's'
Historical and Romantic Story of California and the Mission Indians v
iff
.- '
U LMJ
I THE SWEETEST LOVE STORY EVER TOLD
Faithfully Reproduced In Ten Sections Combined witl? a Prologue and Two Acta 1C00 Scenes, 5000 People, Seven
Months Making Carefully Cued to a Perfect Instrumental Musical Score.
. IT IS THE LOVE STORY OF THE AGES
MUSIC BY ORCHESTRA .
, B
jjBalcony 5C Lower Floor 10c Reserved Seats 20c j
ADMISSION CHILDREN, 15c ADULTS, 25c
SUITS
HATS
PRESSED
BLOCKED
$c1 f3
CALLS DFOR-AND.
DELIVERED
0
mm
m Opposite Y.W.C.A.
id
PHONE 739