f
MARKETS
NEW YORK CITY
Average crlce of cop
per for week ending
Feb. 21, 12.46.
WEATHER.
Arizona: Saturday and
Sunday fair south; un
titled in north.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL 19. NO. 224.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, SATURDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 24, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
XjtajqjT iruojtjjjj. .
FEAR OF STARVING SEIZES ENGLAND: L
GEORGE PUIS ILL PEOPLE 01 DIE!
Mmln
Thirteen Killed By Tornadoes In Southern States
ADMITS FOOD
inn in innrn
IN ALABAMA, !
MISS. AND i
GEORGIA i
POTATOES ARE LEGAL
TENDER IN CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Feb. 23. A news
pa pt-r reporter using a basket us
a pnrse and p'olatoes as money
had little difficulty today in pet
ting about and making purchases.
The potatoes were from Idaho
and valued at retail at 2 1-2 cents
each.
. The cashier of a moving pic-
ture show accepted three of them
for a ticket. A street car con-
ductor declined them as fare, but
the conversation attracted the J
attention of a passenger who of
fered tj buy the whole supply at
the- rate of two for a nickel.
A taxicab chauffeur accepted
six for a ride of two blocks. "If
the company won't accept them
I'll pay the fare and take them
Series of Raging Winds ! home myself." he
Swt Down on Middle At five and ten cent store
aweep uown on , iuiaaie . , the . bought two -dia-
Alabama, Laying Waste nionds" and a picture frame
Home and Cron. with his tubers:
ps i m f '
will mm
FUNSTQN ii
in p r I:
in o. r.
Tnrm
iuuat
SONORA TROOPS ON
TRAIL Of. SALA2AR.
COLCMIsrS. N. M; Feb.
A detarhment of Curranzu ciival
ry, four hundred strobe, reached
a point near the bounary .-.'oulh
of Lyng's ranch, bel6w llachita
today, according to information
received at military headquarters
here from Colonel C. Water
man, commander of 'the llachita
di.trict. The report said that an-
other force of 600 men was ex-
pet ted there tomorrow. These
forces are believed here to be a
part of the expedition sent from
' ? Suuora to campaign ugalnsl the
i rebrl bands under Salazar.
! BAKER TOUESIF
DOWN ARMY ;I
BILL 10 ;
! nru r"
Thousands Brave Rain to Pay
Tribute to Famous Fighting
Man Who Saved City From
"The Fire".
S
!
25.0CK) TONS SHIPS
WERE SUNK FRIDAY.
German 'submarine continue
to sink entente ships. Tlie total
tonnage sunk Friday reported
was 25.4r.fi. This includes the
French steamer Athos. of 12.0t0
tons, which was gent to the bot
tom in the Mediterranean while
carrying ti'.iops to France and
under guard of warships. One
American, Robert A. Haden. a
missionary in China, lost his life
in the torpedoing of the Athos,
I from which 1.4. "iO persons, were
saved. Thirteen vessels report-
ed sunk were of entente register.
one Norwegian and several of
unestablist.ed identity.
SIX CHILDREN HURT
IN MISSISSIPPI
Whole Village in Georgia Is
Wiped Out, and Colored In
mates Are Buried in Debris
of Homes.
VILLA TROOPS
JUAREZ
CONDOLENCES COME
FROM ALL U. S.
CLAIMS IE
0
WILSON
C
From City Hall Where Body.
Lies in State, Military Es-i
cort will March to Presidio . All Government Agencies Are
Cemetery.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
(By Review Leased Wire) t 1 1 I il h I SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 23 The
ATLANTA, Ga.. Feb. 23.! U (Jill ILL body of Major General Frederick
-pi . I Funston is lying in state (Tonight
1 hirteen persons are known in the rotunda of the city Hail.
to have lost their lives and Chihuahua City Also Enden- The flag he loved so well draped
more "than a hundred have I gered, as Bandits Command the casket, which rested on a
. o - J J Kl L r1-- ' catafalke covered with jonquils.
Deen reported injured in a ser- ivauroaa ana tsettrujr wij. Thousands of citizens of San Fran-
ies of tornadoes that swept I cisco which claimed the brilliant
portions of Alabama, Georgia! Ey Review Leased Wire) I soldier as its own, passed in re-
, ... ..... -rn j KL PASO, Feb. 23. Villa troops' view through the afternoon and
and Mississippi today. Ine1 , , night.
T e ;.f are reported to be concentrating in
most seriOUS loss OI lite Was . , , , , ... . ' Own Soldiers Guard Him.
in middle Alabama Seven ' ,n y A death wat h thirty por.
m middle uaDama. oeven and Iexirn SorthyiefWm rail- ate, nian- of whoni had served wlth
persons were killed in the Hol-iroads BOUth of Juarez in the Guerrero Funston, guarded the body. They
Hns-Midway-Stewartsville sec-!',,.,, , i h. c-an .nj, ,i;a. jwere relieved at intervals of twenty
Avoids Saying Anything En-,
lightening About It, Except
That He Doubts If It Will
Pass This Session.
Ill
i MOST
GRAVE
Calls on All to Raise More
Food, and Limit Flats to
Necessities, and Build More
Ships.
BILL WOULD GIVE 4
MILLION TRAINED MEN
Striving to Bring Relief
From Vaulting Prices of;
"Grub"
Five Hundred Thousand To!
d t i v i j
uc i taincu t eariy, ana aii
Cost of Little More Than!
F resent Army.
AMFnlCAN WAR
lllllklll Willi IIIIW
nil rnnninnni
un runoiuuLii
TniiinnnnT I
ENGLAND HAS LESS
FOOD THAN EVER HAD
j Premier Says Unless Drastic
Measures Taken at Once,
the Empire Faces Direst
Disaster.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 23. The soar-
I ing cost of foodstuffs thi'jughout the
country today engaged the attention
j of virtually every jrovunuient apency
I w ith even a remote relation to the
problem.
' President Wilson and the cabinet
, discussed ' the situation from many
angles, its cause and possible renin
'dies. Views held by tome of the con
ferees were that the ret'jrd prices
I were interwined with the general car
i shortage and congestion on transporta
car congestion
in tha ban Andres u:s- . - . j ,... j .irtoj v
r i i j ti.' 1 7 minutes i uu v '
tion Ot Alabama and at Wrut-ltrict west of Chihuahua City. The, Tne caskpt wa8 nQt openpd b the the German submarine warfare which
sett. Ala., four neOTOeS Were state capital is again being threaten- nvMOD ., , ,.. ...,. ,, . has resulted in vast accumulations of
killed in the destruction of j ed with at,ark and JuiireI 18 espeet" opened for a few moments tomorrow
tL ' l; ed to be beseiged by the ViIIa troops morning at the First Presbyterian
t L rt-'l ! operating in the north. Following the church where the funeral services
Much timber was: blOWn warnings issued to all foreign pas- wju oe uel( in rjer tnat near rtia.
down and many residences jsengers not to travel on trains leaving tives may lo'ok upon the face of Uen-
Amaop twn noorrvj I fr CaRas Crandes or Chihua- eral Funston for the last time,
damaged. i wo negroes vn,a troopH huve threatened to.. Natjon Loyed Him
Messages of condolence from all sec-
were
Were klliea at Lltnonia, Ca., wreck these two roads as a prelimi
where at least sixy small 'nary move toward attacking the capi
dwellings were demolished, j the bor,,er iM)rt ri"it El
Six children were injured in aj Vllla.s maln oommand wa9 reported
Storm ' at Goretown, Miss. ! late today to have reached San An-
Small tornadoes also struck! dres. Chihuahua, from Satevo. after assistant. General Tasker H. Bliss,
moving northward irom furrai. a mu uuui u umins ui me hwuiu
tions of the country were deceived to
day by Mrs. Funston. They came
from army and navy officers of high
rank, including Major General Hugh
Scott, chief "jf staff of the army, his
j i
Q"u ' r.. .ok.. I,..... tno,. uiih o denartment. of which Funston was
iriurc ivircu iiic -
pass signed by Villa and dated" at commander when fatally stricken at
Cusihuiriaehic, Chihuahua, on Febru- oan An,onl.. as- -,asl aionuay
He brought words of raids or.n'Knt- Organizations of war veterans
other iue governors oi Arizona anu
Kansas sent condolence.
Mrs. E. H. Funsi'jn, the mother of
, I the general, and brother, John, ar-
I rived tonight from lola, Kansas.
1 U i I if . u.nnM
and there i. no communication with I executed immediately and the eighth The funera, . procPssioni rolp0sed
that thickly settled section. It is j given a trial and later shot, according ' twQ reRinlent!i ot CMM arti,iery
learea tne loss ox nte may oe greaier mis remK. -r.c .BU headed by MaJor General J. Franklin
I ported in various parts of the interior romnlnnHi,, th wpstprn rWrt-
! ment, his aides and members of his
near Wetumpka, Ala
Hustboro, Ala., causing minor
property damage.
The tornado was about a mile wide
and was moving east. Practically
every house in Hollins was damaged
and In some cases residences were
completely demolished.
All wires east of Hollins are down
than now reported.
A number of the killed and wound
ed were school children, from Hollins,
Stewartsville and Midway.
ary 11
Julio Acosta on Madera, and
towns in the interior of the state.
Eight Villa followers were caught at
I Concheno. Chihuahua, by a number
j of home guards. Seven of them were
Villa activities have also been re-1
on the border east of here.
soldiers from the Carranza
i staff, together with a Contingent of
Wounded 'hln inkpt friiM. Yerhu Hnonn Ulunit
" - " j - - - - .
force j representatives of military and veter-
LONOON, Feb. 23. Reuter's Ams- were brought across the border today an8' organizations, will leave the City
terdam correspondent quoting a Ber- j following the fight at Ruidosa, yester ; Hall tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock
lin dispatch says the German Reich I day. The Carranza garrison from j for the church. Interment w ill be
bUs has voted in all its stages a war ; Ojinaga was defeated and driven back j made at the national cemetery In the.
credit of 15.000.000,000 marks. (Continued oo Page 2) I . (Continued on Page 8)
GUSHES
W
L
VETOES TAX BILL AS UNCONSTITUTIONAL
(By Review Leased Wire) 'holding the former bill to be unconsti
PHOEMX, Ariz., Feb. 23. Governor tutional. The legislature took no ac
Campbell reached his first disagree-; t.jn on the veto today,
ment with the legislature today when ; After considering the general ap
he returned with his disapproval a propriation bill in executive session
bill exempting from inheritance tax i from which all visitors from the gal-
half the estate of the late Dr. Percival lery, the attaches and finally, the four dropped or greatly modified.
Lowell. That part of his estate con-; Republican members of the house The senate committee of the whole
sisted of the Lowell Ovservatory at . were excluded, the Democratic mem- recommended the passage of the
. nuuse ieu iiiii uuttii'iiieui uui vy
state school fund. One having passed
the bouse and now in the senate pro
vides $35 per capita based on the
average daily attendance. If the
senate passes that bill the item in the
general appropriation bill will be
freight and resultant
at eastern seaports.
Department of justice agents re
sumed with new energy their investi
gation of prices to determine if there
is an actual shortage of foodstuffs at
large cities, where rioting has recent
ly 'occurred. Attorney General Gre
gory announced that measures which
may be of "considerable avail" toward
bettering that situation probably
would be enacted shortly. The inter
state commerce commission through
its field force of investigators and of
ficials here kept close watch on the
railroads' efforts to untangle the cars
at congested points, and announced
the transportation west of many trains
composed .chiefly of empties.
The car service commission of the
American Railway Association, the
railroad's supreme court In all sub
jects affecting shortage and conges
tion disclaimed all responsibility on
behalf of the roads for contributing
to the rise through failure to furnish
transportation facilities, and announc
ed that at no time had any complaint
been received which would indicate
that there was a shortage of food any
where in the country.
The newly created shipping board
submitted to the President a plan for
relief by placing American vessels In
the coast-to-coast trade, thus releasing
freight cars required for tranacon
tinental traffic. A Urge merchant
marine, which could be used for this
duty sailing by way of the Panama
Canal would be available on the pass
age by congress of amendments to the
shipping bill now pending.
Senator Lewis of Illinois today in
troduced as an amendment ft the rev
enue bill a provision to authorize the
President to seize foodstuffs deemed
to be nionoplized in violation of law.
Foodstuffs so seized would be dis
posed f at public sale under govern
ment supervision.
GREECE AND GERMANY
CUT OFF BY ALLIES
Flagstaff and a fund set aside for its j bers of the house reached a compro
malntenance. Another bill exempting ! mse on the bill and sent It to the
the same part of the estate from gen-1 enrolling and engrossing committee,
eral taxation was sent back without ;xne Controversy rased about an item
the governor's signature but not with ' containing an annual appropriation of
his distinct disapproval. j$1.000,n00 for the common schools.
The action of the governor Is said j The sum of $750,000 was Anally
to have been taken because of the spread upon.
construction of the tax commission There are two bills providing a
a vote of 11 to 8
cigarette bill making It a misdemeanor
to sell tobacco in any form to youths
under the age W 21. The senate fur
ther amended the bill making it a
misdemeanor for a youth under that
age to purchase or receive tobacco.
iContinued on Fse Tro.)
(Dy Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. Feb. 23. A Reuter dis
patch from Saloniki says that the en-
tnnta nltloa rait nnulttt rrtm mnnim t inn
u.ii i J - -- i - - -
It passes the antl- Between Athens and mo t entrai row-
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 23. The ar
j my general staff universal service bill
was transmitted to the senate milita
ry committee today by Secretary Bak
er without a definite expression by
the- administration either on; the geu
erul stail bill or the specific proposal.
Th secretary suul il a out thought
that colore could give so intricate
a problem consideration in the clos
ing days of this session, but susifest
id that wide publicity bo given the
staff plan, "to the end that both con
gress and the war department can in
any subsequent consideration given to
the subject, have the benefit of an en
lightened, thoughtful public opinion
upon the needs and wishes of the
country."
He Doesn't Know Yet
"As yet," the letter of transmittal
continues, "I am not prepared to say
officially for the war department that
the net'd of the country can reason
ably be said to be for so great an es
tablishment nor can we yet without
j Death of Haden by Sinking of '.
Athcs Is Clearly No Issue. !
Lansing Takes Three Days' !
vacation.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 23. Robert !
Allen Haden. an American -Presbyter- I
ian missionary stationed at Foo Chow i
China, perished when the French lin
er Athos was destroyed by a subrcar-1
ine 210 miles east of Malta uu F rnt j
ary 17.
Consul Keblinger at Mali a. cabled I
a report of Haden's death to tbe state j
department today and said that the '
missionary's address was given as in .
care of the Presbyterian mission J
board at Nashville, Tenn. He said j
the Athos was destroyed without
warning.
PARIS, Feb. 23. The French steam
er Athos carrying Senegalese troops
and colonial laborers, has been torpe
doed in the Mediterranean.
The; torpedoing occurred notwith
standing the fact that the Athos was j
further study and deliberation De con- ! pstt'l hy the French torpedo boat
fident that the means suggested are
the most appropriate to the need
which it shall be determined wise to
foresee."
Drill 500,000 Yearly
In round numbers the staff plan
would supply a trained force of
4,000,000 men with one year of in
tensive military instruction. It is
estimated by the war college that
approximately 500,000 boys in
their nineteenth year would be
available for training annually.
They would, under the plan, be
liable to call to the colors until
thirty two years of age, passing
after the first eleven months of
their training to the first reserve
(Continued on Page 2)
destroyers Mameluk and Knseigne
Henry, which, aided by a gunbo.it,
saved 1.4.")0 persons from the steamer.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 23.-The de
parture of Secretary Lansing tonight
for a three days stay at White Sul
phur Springs. W. Va.. was variously
interpreted in connection with possi
ble developments in the. German cris
is. At first there was a general ten
dency to believe that it meant the
government did not contemplate tak- j home should not be prepared to sur
render limits wiitru art- m.i
(I5y Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. Feb. 23. Premier
Llcyd-Gecrge tcld the House of
Commons today that the food sit
uation must be brought under
control in order to cope with the
submarine menace, which he ad
mitted was grave. The country
is facing s serious condition aris
ing from the shortage of shipping
space, he asserted, with the con
sequent depletion of foodstuffs.
The premier urged increase of
home food production and curtail
ment of articles of a non-victual
nature. He suggested a plan for
increasing agricultural products
Cy gardening various articles and
increasing the wages of farm lab
orers. Curtailment of imports except
essentials would bring about a
material increase in shipping fa
cilities, the premier said.
Food and Shells. Vital
As essentials, the premier
enumerated loai, clothing, main
tenance and equipment of the civ
il and military population at
home and abroad and raw materi
al fcr munitions, for war equip
ment and for industries which are
essential to the national life.
Sacrifice all Else
"These are essential." declared tbe
premier. "Anything b--yond is a non
essential :?nd unnecessary article,
which the nation can dispense with.
If we canui.i. tbeu we ought not to
wage war. and ask sacrifices of those
fine fellows who represent us abroad.
It is Idle to sii-is-'est that while mill
ions of our best citizens are factnr
the conflict abroad for a great cause,
that we who remain comfortably at
Ing any new steps before lhe middle
of next week, that if decisions had
been reached and plans were; worked
out, the head of the state department
could be spared for a few days rest
(Continued on Page Tbreel
SPECIAL SESSION OF SENATE
IS CALLED FOR INAUGURATION
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 23. Details
of the inaugural plans which have
been indefinite because March 4 falls
on Sunday begau clearing up today
with the official announcement that
i-resuieni uson nao caned tne cus-: te country would be w ithout a I'res-
tomary special session of the new , id-nt and published an opinion given
senate on March ft. A plan to aban- i by Chief Justice Marshall in 1S17 to
a neces
sary part of our eisten--."
Reduce Paper Supply
After r-ferring to the government
committee who examined these ques
tions the premier turned to the ques
tion of paper and said:
"I had no idea that such quantities
of paper were utilized for newspapers
and wrappings. They both consume
an enormous tonnaee. 1 cannot sar
whether I ouulit to treat newspapers
as a luxury, a comfort, a sti uulus. a
necessity or a nuisance in lite. They
have been an enormous help to c in
the effective waging of the war.
There is no better proof of this than
oath in the formal way at the special the brilliant success achieved by t!ie
senate session Monday. March 5. I chancellor of the exchequer in his re-
Tbe state department ruled today cent war loan speeci
that if the President decided not to I "Still, when we have a chance Ut
take the oath until Monday there J choose between them and very stern
would be no interim period in which I need I am airaid we shall have to
deprive ourselves oi a cenain nuirimr
crs when they established contact
yesterday between the French and
Italian troops and cleared the enemy
forces from the road between Gorizia.
in southern Albania and I.enkovie.
t The central powers are now reetrlct-
rd to wireless and aeroplanes communication.
don it had been under consideration.
The special senate session will in
clude the usual ceremonies of inaug
urating the vice president, which
compose about one half the formali
ties of the day. It seems to have
been decided that President Wilson
will take an oath of office privately
in the White House Sunday. Marrh)
4, but it has not been announced
whether he will take it again at tbe
public ceremony In open air at the
front of the Capitol Msrch 5.
It Is being S'ipgested that the Presi
dent make the public ceremony mere
ly the occasion for delivering bis in
augural address. It is certs in that
J Vice President Marshall will take his
cover a srnilar situation which con
fronted President Monroe. The con
troversy over what part women shall
take in the ceremonies shows signs
of quieting down. Mrs. James P.
Koggs of the Woman's Wilson I'nlon,
who announced last night, "tho with
drawal of all women" from the inaug
ural parade because of a difficulty
with Chairman Harper of the Inaug
ural committee over a state float dem
onstration, said today that she had
no further statement o moke, and
Mr. Harper Indicated that he consid
ered the incident closed. The rhair
nisn said be had assurances that n-a-ny
w-omen's organizations would be in
line.
of their pages and substantially U
reduce the imports of paper and ma
terial. We have to halve the present
suprlv of 1.20O.0m tons and reduca
the annual imports to 640.HG0 tons,
j the reduction to be distributed equal
ly beten the printing and packing
trades. We rerosnue. that it is a se
rious hardship, but feel that it is Im
perative." The importation of printed posters,
paper bantings and rertaln kinds of
foreign rrintcd matter, books and p--riodicals.
Treniier Lloyd-George sdd
ed. would have to be prohibited. Oth
erwise it would be unfair to the trade
in Great Britain. Also, he said. ther
wouid have to be rrstrictiors In th
use of paper for posters, for cata-
j (Continued on Pare Three) TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 24, 1917.
ill!
V? Is if
1
Tn&uic
i a tt ri II KM
OVjbJsj rl &
GUAM M UU Mtts
YOUR BEST CHANCE FOR VICTORY
DEPENDS OH YOUR EFFORT TODAY!
Candidates Must Be Inside the Office of The Review With'
Their Subscriptions Before Nine O'Clock Tonight in Or-;
der to Receive Tripe Votes Don't Wait Until the Last:
Minute Come Early and Often During the Day. j
TRIPLE VOTE SCHEDULE
Votes allowed for new and rem wal paid-in-advance subscriptions to
T-'ie Bisboe lai!y Review l)etwe'n now and
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 24TH 9 P. M.
2 year subscriptions $15.00 iM.Oi'O 8,000
1 year subscriptions M 9.000 o.OOO
C uios. subscriptions 4.00 o.tiOO 1,200
3 tuot. subscriptions 2.25 1.500 500
The banner season of the Review's
bis three auiv mobile contest iunes to
an end tunigiit at 9 o'clock, ami ill
candidates are warned to be on time
with their subscriptions to participate
in the last, crack for the BIG TRIPLE
VOTE POWER of their orders.
Make this season of the bis vote
days have a telling effect and in
crease your speed every hour today,
so as t'j enlarge your totals 10 hand
some proportions. Get the promises
today that have been promised you
later. Put up a convincing argument
to those who would lessen your
chances by holding off. Show them
that a subscription todav cists just
as much as it will a month from now.
but that the voting power today is
TRIPLE.
Gather your army of fric nds together
for a final skirmish that spells vic
tory, for victory today will mre than
likely be victory just otie month hence.
It is the candidate wh. uses her head,
who takes advantage of the best vote
MISS DOT FINLAYSOil
jrif V,--"'!
4..-
' 4 Mi
4
i r a
:4 a-iteV-f- ,.y
(Photo Py Dix Studio)
The eview's contest is abiy n pre
sented in the Johnson Addition by
popular Miss Dot Kinlaysen and lit r
many loyal vote gatherers. Since the
inauguration of the merry battle for
ballots this - go.)d natured candidate
lias kept steadily at it with surprising
results. She has a host of friends
who are becoming subscribers to the
Review and find it a pleasure to lis-t
their names in her receipt took.
Good for
1 0
Votes.
Vote Coupon
The Bisbee
heater Automobile
l-'or .Mrs. ..r Miss.
Addreb
No! pood if deposited after March
coupons as yo:i can and a.-k your i
Coupons must lie deposited in
neatly cm iKirdcr lines.
CLIP ON BLACK BORDERS.
SENATE COMMITTEE
WOULD GIVE WILSON
POWER OVER SHIPS
I I'j IN vii-w 1 ; s 'i
WASHINGTON. i" !..
week's ccm.sidi'ratioi) tnc
nicrce rmiiuiiltee t')da
iidmiui.-'tnitioii lull givir;
Vir-.
2-1. - ftc r a
seliiitt cojii
ipprovcd the
: the P'csi-
den' pc.K : r ' ..iii'tKiei-r A::i'-t'h an
ir.i ii h.i'it s'upping iti em"!'"' ni-ies.
and ( i, air-' .in l'li tle r r-,'( rtc : r lw
measure ,w itli a rt' i i'. sl llir.l :l be
passi-d thM session.
The bill is simiHr l'i c:'.p fi'tTon il
recently by the house merchant ma
rine c.oivr-.eee. giving " I're'-ii'i-n'
pow
ower to eon'tiia'ii'.' er .Vni":-'c;in
wn-d shit- in ti'rc of vr t.'vt e--
on
iiowrMTiR the sl'.ipp'iig hi :rd In n'li'-
chase 111 any natioiiel e.nei 111 y am
ship btiildins in imv American ynrd 1
whether for an American or an alien. '
schedule that pets the best lead, and .
you must if you are going to own the
Chandler; if you make the big effort
and you i'a:l by a lew points you've
got something of real merit in the
second prize the Studebaker, and 1
sliil a third handsome award ia the '
Chevrolet. 1
So if ju try and try real hard you
simply have sot to be one of the three I
.mil just as likely as not you'll be the!
i leader of them.
Itut the candidate who does not see
the bis advantage of the Triple Vote
Offer who puts off until tomorrow,
and lets her friends tell her that there
. are- better offers to Vme, take what
is left.
And you've got blanks to use for
promises. Gut them signed today
bring them in tonight and you'll gel
Triple Votes for them.
Po your best toda;.' and you'll have
so much to fret about after the lid
goes d'jwn on the Triple Vote Offei
at nine tonight.
MISS LOLA ANDREAS
1 "5
: 'i
(Photo My Dix Studio)
' If the contest were to end foday
' Miss Lola Andreas is a candidate
whose totals would stand .)Ut in good
round numbers. She is deserving ol
' the greatest encouragement, and that
she is receiving it is evidenced by her
freuuent visits to contest headquar
. lers with subscriptions. Although
! Miss Andreas was the last candidate
. to enter the rac e, the thoroughness
iwith which site has planned her cam
I paign. places her in the foreground.
Good for
1 0
Votes.
Daily Review
and Prize Contest.
1st. Clip as many f l!use coupons
fiends to clip them for you.
Hat packages and not rolled. Clip
Sabe Moline-Knight?
Ask Art
HEINO KEANE
Cleaning, Pressing and
Re
pairing $1.25 a Suit.
Suits from $25 to $55.
AH v.ork done on the premises
by Union Tailors.
F!ione 677, Johnson Addition.
CHinHEsra? s pius
n Hi: ii ,n. i, II ham. .
(.'. 4 i.i i-i. ...i.riiiii.m-d itr.V
f V " T. W
T" " '- ft' v f imr V
I y i; . 1 ! ! .sii rn , a.-
A,r If A'"'' '' -'-i.ivai-....
-r SOlC FY C"LGu!iIS ElfRYHHL Rt
EPUBLIGANS
FILIBMSTEH
FOR EXTRA
SESSION
Penrose and Like Ilk Invoke
Privilege of Much Talk to
Defeat Important Bills
the Senate.
in
REVENUE BILL IS
LIKELY TO SUFFER
Conspiracy Also Aims to De
ny Wilson Powers to Meet
Crisis, Making Extra Ses
sion Imperative.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23. Re
publicans of the senate began a
filibuster today that threw into
the air all plans for the remain
ing eight working days of the ses
sion, threatening essential pend
ing legislation arid foreshadowing
opposition to any request Presi
dent Wilson may make for author
ity to deal with the international
crisis after congress adjourns.
They did not challenge charges
on the floor that they were delib
erately seeking to force the Presi
dent to call an extra session.
Blow Aimed at Wilson ,
Although the Democrats believ
ed the fight is aimed chiefly at
the administration emergency
revenue bill, it drew prompt and
hearty support from those oppos
ing any grant of additional power
to the executive which might re
sult in aggressive action to pro
tect American rights in the war
zone.
Is "O'd Guard" Trick
The trouble began wlin the major
ity rejected an amendment modifying
the excess profit tax provisions of
the revenue measure. There was a
conference presided over by Penntor
Lodge and participated in by leader?
of both wings of the Renublican par
ty, including senators Penrose, Smoot
Weeks and Brandege of the regulars,
and Lafollette. Poindexter and Norris
of the Progressive group.
Kill Valuable Time
Returning to the floor the Republi
cans began taking up time, speaking
one after another for hours on per
functory amendments while the exas
perated Democrats in charge of the
revenue bill listened helplessly. No
Progress was made during the day or
at a session lasting far into the night.
May Force Extra Sessicn
Democratic leaders are considering
forcing all-night sessions in an ef
fort to tire out the filibusters and they
may begin tomorrow. It is realized
that the Republicans by persistent
obstructive tactics can prevent the
enactment of the revenue bill and the
necessary' appropriation measures and
thus make an cxlta session impera
tive. Today's gathering of the minority
'naders was one of the few Senator
Lafollette has a1 1 "tided for sotc time.
It was learned later that some of
those present insisted that the Presi
dent sought too much power in hand
'ing the strained international situa
tion, that he should be compelled to
'all an extra session through enforc
ed failure of legislation and that any
request for special authority should
he fought to the end of the present
session.
Wilson's Action Ignored
President Wilson's proclamation to
day for the usual special session of
lli scnto beginning March 5 appar
ently had no effect in weakening the
Republican attack but some adminis
tration senators tonight were inclin
ed to t li ink it might serve to placate
the Republicans and clear the way
for legislative action fn a day or two.
If the Democrats start their contin
uous session program tomorrow it
would break up a farewell dinner par
ly planned by the Republicans to
lie ir colleagues to retire to private
lile 011 Match 5.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 2:;. Filibus
tering con! 'lined ur.fil 11 o'clock to
night wlien leaders of both sides
ccieed upon a recess until tomorrow.
With reference to the .nit it tide of
the Republicans toward the leeislu
five proeram some of them said to
visht that the revenue bill might be
allowed to pass S'ltne lime next week
' nt that "the public may be very sine
that there will be an extra session of
congress."
BAKER TONES DOWN
STAFF ARMY BILL
(Continued From Page One)
for the next four years and one
month, then into the second re
serve and finally into the unor
ganized reserve until they reach
ed the age of 45.
1,500,000 Always Ready
The purpose of the bill is to con
stitute the first reserve as a fully or
ganized and equipped fighting force
with a strength of 1.500,0i ready to
respond instantly to a tall to arms.
The second reserve of equal size but
only partially equipped would require
some time to take the field. Eventu
ally there would be'a million addition
al trained men ready to fill in gaps at
the front.
Small Regular Army
In addition to these forces there
would be a regular army, com posed
of men choosing military life as a
profession of 24.000 officers and 2S5,
SSfi enlisted men. Of these. 97,000
would form the oversea forces and
29,000 the frontier forces, the remain
der composing the permanent train
ing personnel which could take care
of the instruction of from 492,:iS6 to
654.292 reserve recruits annually. If
the proportion of available men 'for
training was greater than the figure
given, the permanent training force
would have to be proportionately In
creased. Would Cost Little More
In estimating the cost of mainten
ance of the proposed army, the war
college figured that an annual "'ilita
ry budget of $ 172.25S.00O would be re
quired to keep up the proposed force
tt a strength of 3,296,023 men, includ-
I ing the regulars. The total reaches
I an annual cost per man of $143.2S and
includes the cost of training 47o,oou
recruits, although it does not enum
erate them as available soldiers.
In, comparison with this the staff
says eventunl military budgets under
the present national defense act will
be $339,54S.O00 to maintain a partially
trained force of ' S26.72S national
guardsmen in addition to the regular
army or a total of 1.137.200 men at a
per capita cost of J29S.5S.
Baker Continues
After discussing various military
plans considered and the federaliza
tion of the national guard. Secretary
Baker's letter continues:
"This plan is regarded by the mili
tary experts of the general staff as
ideal. They recognize, however, that
it involves not only a radical depart
ure from the military traditions of
the country but thr.t it presents a
vast scheme of organization, far larg
er both in cost and results than any
thing yet seriously considered by the
, people of the United States.
"The general staff believes the plan
however, to have this merit: That it
can be used, in part, for the training
of a less number of men and at a less
cost in proportion, so that, should the
opinion of the country, when thor
oughly informed, come to favor the
principles upon (which this measure
is based, its application could bo as
rapid or as gradual as congress may
determine wise under the circum
stances. The bill here transmitted looks to
thn annual training of about 500,000
iien who, when trained, pass into the
'reserve until ultimately there will be
available an aggregate force in the
active and reserve force of the coun
Eleven busy Owl
factories prove what
smokers think of me.
M. A. GUNST CO., INCORPORATED
sCZ
try of about 3,000,0110 men. The war
college will place itself at your dis
posal, either to study any other sug
gested plan, or to advise upon modi
fications of the draft herewith trans
mitted, should your committee desire
such modifications in any of the de
tails. "The questions at issue in any such
project as this are to measure, first
the prospective need of the country,
and then to determine the measures
appropriate to meet it. The plan is
therefore, to be examined from both
points of view, and its discussion
thioughout the country will throw
light on both questions."
PRINCETON SWIMMERS LOSE.
PRINCETON. X. J.. Feb. 23. Col-
j umbia 1'niversity defeated Princeton
1 in an intercollegiate league swimming
match here today by the score of 39
to 11. Princeton won the water polo
match, 26 to 16.
VILLA TROOPS ME
THREATENING JUAREZ
(Continued From Page One)
into the border town opposite Tresi
dio, Texas. The Villa forces went to
San Antonio, Chihuahua, opposite
Caudelaria, Texas.
Conditions along the New Mexiio
Chihuahua border were reported to
have been quiet during the past 24
hours. A fight was reported to have
occurred southwest of Columbus near
the Boca Grande mountains, but this
was later denied by the military of
ficers at Columbus and Palomas, Chi
huahua, opposite Colli: .bus. Howev
er additional troons have been sent
to the "Jog" district to reinforce the
border patrol.
THE HIGHEST QUALITY
EGG NOODLES
36 Pjgr Recipe Book Fret
5XIHNER MFG. CO.. OMAHA. U.SA
UWOtST MACA.10NI FACTCHY III AMERICA
CAMPBELL VETOES "
,. TAXEXEHPTION BILL
(Continued From Page One)
so that the possession of a cigar or
cigarette would be regarded as prima
facie evidence of guilt. The house
passed the anti-bootlegging biil mak
ing the sale or disposition of liqr.or a
felony punishable by from two to
five years in the penitentiary.
The following bills were passed in
the senate:
To admit persons other than indig
ents to county hospitals on payment
or part payment for medical or surgi
cal attendance: a referendum measure
to substitute the contract system for
the "force account" system in work
for the state: appropriating $ri0.000
constructing the approach to the Gila
River bridge near Wellton.
Winsor, of Yuma, introduced a me
morial to the department of war and
the interior ;o prohibit the damming
of the Colorado river below Yuma
which, it alleges, constitutes a peril
to the reclaimed lands under the
Yuma project and was chiefly respon
sible for the destructive flood at Yuma
a year ago.
The memorial was adopted.
mm dii .ft mtk . tttmisn
V.- Vk
!
J. B.
ANGIUS '
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
i Phone 29.
; I
1 53;
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA T yN
t T!v CATARRH X VQt
llfOTl Holland !a I
:V7!PbW24 HoursJ
I 3nMJlf5-'Vr tach Cap- t
, -siai name - V ,
t Bewan of eaunterfria ?
! :
NEW
EDELWEISS
CAFE
Under new management
now prepared to serve their
patrons with the best meals in
the district.
Quick Service,
Prompt Attention
Brewery Gulch.
Watkins & Bergqmst
Quality Jewelers
The Btst Opticians
The HALLMiRK Store
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 50c luncheon daily. Also $1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the wA-k.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan 6c Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
LOWELL
Silverware
Display
of the famous ,
GORHA.M PATTERNS
Chantilly Etruscan
Clermont in Single pieces
and beautiful Mahogany
Chests.
Also
The International Silver
Company's line of beauti
ful Hollow Ware.
See Window Display
Get My Prices.
L, L. GILMAN.
EYE NERVE GLASSES
Permanently located
in Bisbee. except
T an.. In 1 .. -
t - " Ti . , .
Building.
DR. R. GLAZE, Neurologist.
Phone 155.
O. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO
.Robert Henessey, Piop.
Opposite Depot. Arab: hue
Ha th
CITY PARK TAILORS
make your next suit 3000 pat
terns to pick from. Under new
city park, Bisbee.
TJEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
FHONE 53
A LITTLE TALK ON LUMBER
may put you in the way of sav
ing a lot of money. Come ar.d
have it with es. Wo want to
prove to you how the best lum
ber Is the cheapest at ti;e start
as well us in the end. We can
net show you the physical dif
ference between poor and the
best lumber for we do nut
handle any but -the latter qua!,
itv.
Company. nt
CAR STOP.
PHONE 25.
i
' ' i THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 21, 1917.
THREE
Springers!
Sp
ringers!
FOR YOUR SUNDAY DINNER!
Nothing could make a more enjoyable meal than one
of our home-raised springers. All our poultry comes
from Sulphur Springs Valley and are home dressed. We
do not handle cold storage chickens.
handle all cuts of Kansas City Beef, Veal, Pork,
Mutton and Lamb.
All our meats bear the U. S. Government Stamp of
inspection. We cordially invite you to visit our sani
tary market, inspect our meats and compare our prices
with what you are now paying. We assure you it will
result in you being a regular customer of ours.
Because when you pay cash to us you are saving
money.
mm
Mm,
Market
Holz Building
Naco Road
Phone 141
FRENCH TRANSF
ffontinucd from Fa?re 1)
now better than l.itiT.
There was a t,wo hour 'atiii.'-t fleet
ing this afternoon followed by the
snnmineement ihnt the i:it rnr tio'.i
situation had undergone no change. cf tho reluctance of both governments
American Ar.ibasf ador Penfield con
cerning Austria's reply to the request
' for a statement as to whether the Vi
enna government adheres fully to
Germany's submarine policy and
whether the pledges given in the An
cona and Persia eases are repudiated.
fJeriiBt'jy is understood to be exert
ing strung pressuie on Austria for a
complete defiance of this country and
officials here don't conceal their be
lief that a break is inevitable in spite
FRANK MILLS STARS
!N MUTUAL AT EAGLE
"The House of Mirrors" Is the
Latest Offering at the j
Eagle Theatre. j
Frank Mills, the star In the Mutual j
Master-picture. "The li'.iuse of Mir-;
rots", to be shown at the Kagle thea-.
tre today only, is one of the few
Americans who have established them-1
selves internationally on the dramatic :
stage. His successes include notable :
appearances with Mrs. Patrick t'amp
bell. Olga N'elhersole, .Mary Manner-,
ins. Kleanor Itubson. Sir Herbert'
Tree and Sir Johnson Forbes Robert- j
s'.in. j
"The House of Minors" is an io-!
tensely dramatic treatment of one of'
the most interesting problems of mod-!
ern limes. Misjudged by her husband
because she allowed herself to be
placed in a compromising position, a
beautiful woman is devorced. thus be-1
ing separated fiorn her infant iAn, ,
and forced to send the little daughter.!
placed in her care by the court, to a .
convent. To earn the money for her j
Utile daughter's education, she con-i
ducts the House of Mirrors as a gain-,
hling resort for wealthy patrons. Her
grown daughter's return from the i'.in-1
vent: 'her son's appearance on the
scene without being recognized by his
mother and the return of the man re
sponsible for her sorrows; when nisi
son became infatuated with her
daughter, is the foundation upon which
is built a fascinating plot which gives
Frank Mills and his splendid support
ing company the 'opportunities for
powerful action so necessary to suc
cess of pretentious dramas.
GRAM
T.iie
CdUUi u.
1
13
Tonight at 7 P. M.-
THE MOST MAGNIFICENT THEATRE IN THE STATE
:- PROGRAM
- Tonight at 7 O'Clock -
"THE ORDEAL"
A Five Reel Feature
"NAPOLEON AND SALLY'
Two almost human apes in
'PERILS OF THE BEACH'
A Rollicking Comedy.
:- SUNDAY'S PROGRAM -:
GEORGE BEBAN IN
"THE PAWN OF FATE"
Five Reel World Film Corp. Feature
"MUTT AND JEFF"
Comedy
ADMISSION
Continuous Performance from 1 to 10:30 p.m.
RESERVED SEATS 25c, MAIN FLOOR 10c. BALCONY Sc.
Members wue more t'.i.'.n usually reti
cent i-i discussion afterward. althMigh
thoy indicated that President Wilson
to permit it.
Pfiron Zwiedinck, charge of the
Austrian embassy, railed r.t the state
Fti:' 1'ftd irade no plans for l is ex-! department today and is said to have
ported isif to congress to set k an-j learned that no time would be set for
tljo-ity to protect Americans and : the presentation of credentials to the
! President by fount Taniowski, the
their : h!ps from sutnsarines.
Ad mirist ration officials would not
comment on the republican filibuster
staiLtu in the Semitte with the appar
ent iri"n'ion of for ing nn extra ses
sion and the threats of some Tlcpul'li
tun leader? to oppos gr.ititi'ig any
additional power to he used by the
executh'J? after adjcunini-nt.
A flurry cam" late in t!i day o-. er
a oifTOtch announcing the torpedoing
v i'hout warning of t!io French liner
Atlios r.nd the drownir.g of an Ameri
can missionary on 1 orrd cs a passen
ger. Any idea, however, inat this
ivi'iM be the ox erf ar t which would
tiieciuitate war was ctesroa awar fat
new ambassador until the issue with
his government was decided.
The intention of Secretary' Lansing
to leave Washington for a short va
egtion, the first he has had since ear
ly last fall, bet a;:ip known shortly af
ter the cabinet meeting.
The secretary will take with him a
confidential secretary faxiliar with
all the government's rode as a matter
of precaution in case a new crisis
should develop but will endeavor to
keep his mind as free as possible
from perplexing details. Only the im
portant dispatches will be sert to
hiai. He is said to have been work-
LYRiC THEATRE OPENS
DOORS TO THE PUBLIC
Tonight at 7 O'Clock Wi!l
Witness First Show in
Beautiful Playhouse.
Opening with an excellent program
"The Ordeal" and with a one act
comedy, the Lyric th- lire, which liai
rieen under c'jn.VV' "o-i for rvveriil
months on the O. K. block site, is
ready for the public. The doors will
be thrown open this evening at 7
o'clock anil alterward the theatre will
be open every afternoon and evening
to its patrons.
The Lyric theatre is one of the best
appointed establishments "jf its kind
in the Southwest. It was built and
will be operated by the Diamos. Bro
thers. John Diamos is the local man
ager. The seating; capacity of the
house is 1100 and is modern through
out. It has a good ventilating system
and in summer the roof will be thrown
jpen lor betier aid. Reinbotirs orches
tra will fjrnish the music for the
house. '
ore which now amounts to 8.000.000
tons annually and in lumber which an
present is 4.000,ee(i ions.
Food Scarce
The stocks of food in Great Britain
at the present time are lower than
they ever have been before, the prem
ier said. It was essential for the vc-
FAMILY AVOIDS
SERIOUS SICKNESS
Bj Being Constantly Supplied With
Thedford't Black-Draught.
(r ly rers dispatches "i!inR leiw t!-e . ing recently on an iuiportalit doeu-lm'-r
was br;.!g used as a transport 1 merit f:r ll;e Pres ident which now is
i:ni"er convoy cf two destroyers. believed to be completed.
No word has been received from The uestion of arming ATtiertor.ii
ships has been further complied 1
I by a rqu?st from P. A. S. Franklin,
i;i llie i'.liu'l li.tn iinir, mil uiii. t-'I
Wi& li ByS'HJl'S 1 eminent has sanctioned the carry ni3
;of guns no oiiical tcinks Uie ve;;i- l
who are delicately conctlhiied. iIUfI ' aKu w provide gunners at : . 1
v.-ho have thin blood or paid A?M rfro'". otr
, . c j i the placing of national Runners on a
GIRLS BJ SC1500L
IS ARMY WELTERWEIGHT. .
', LL PASO, Fob. 3 Johnny Newton, I
iMii fthio lnf:AitO'. retained his title;
las v.t lierweisht champion of the army
! bv deie.uinsr Jimmy Vandewaker, 20th:
j P. S. Infantry, here today. Vande-,
j v. s'.er's seconds threw up the sponge!
f in the seventh l'Jund of a scheduled
i i" round bout- I
3tG BRITISH STEAMER
BELGIER SENT DOWN
SCOTT'S
priva'e ship would make her status
1 ouestionable.
M
Vug
SALT LAKE CITY TO GET
SUMMER TRAININK CAMP.
, , - j . T , SALT LAKK CITY. Feb. 2.1. Salt
a true tonic and a rich food to lJlke rily b0 dHSiRna,ed as one
Overcome tiredness, nourish of the 1917 trainitif? camps, accordins
Western De-
i tbAir tiArufa a-rt fear I to tentative plans of the
f-S'h ihT KlonrJ SNr v. ?h , Fitment of the l mtea btates army
crA-rT. J i announced in a telegram today from
Y'TT JJJ iO tO-day alia tho . ni.e .r General J. Franklin Bell
SJL
Say "?IO" to EubstiulteS, ' at San Francisco. An encampment of
Scott &Eo?rae.moom'!.N.J. 2.000 IS expected.
Saturday
specials
Phoenix and Kansas City Beef.
Fresh Shipment of K. C. Mutton.
Extra Legs of K. C. Mutton.
1 lome Dressed Hens.
Johnson
Meat
Company
Upper Main Street.
McDuff, Va. "I surfereu for several
rears," says Mrs. J. B. Whittaker, ot
his place, "with sick headache, end
stomach trouble.
Ten years ago a friend told me to try
Thedford's Black-Drauclit, which 1 did,
and I found it to be the best family medi
cine fcr young and oid.
I keep Black-Draught on hand a!l tlie
time now, and when my children feel a
little bad, they ask me for a dose, ar.d it
does them more good than any medicine
they ever tried.
We never have a long spelt of sick
ness in our bimly, since we commenced
using Biack-Liraugnt.
Thedford's Black-Draught is purely
vegetable, and has been found to regu
late weak stomachs, aid digestion, re
lieve indigestion, colic, wind, nausea,
headache, sick stomach, and similar
symptoms.
It has been in constant use for more
ihan 70 years, and tas benefited more
than a million people.
Your drupgist sells and recommends
Black-Draught rtice c . J. Gt a
esckage to-day. H. C 123
LONDON'. Feb. 23. Lloyds an-'
announced tonight that the British
steamer Bcljrier of 4.5S8 tons had
been sunk.
The Beigior loft New York Feb. 1
for Norfolk, whence she sailed Feb.
5 for La I'allice. France. I
If You Don't Sabe
Ask Art
INVERCAULD CREW SAVED
LONDON. Feb. 23. The British
bark Invercauld. the Central New.
says, has been torpedoed. The crew
was landed.
The lnvereauld, of 1.41S tons, sailed
from Culfport, Miss.. Deceniher 31 for
Fleetwood, Knfjand.
ry life of the nation, he said, that ev-f-ry
possible effort be made to in
crease home production.
Disaster Threatens
"If we take drastic measures." h
continued, "we can cope with the sub
maiine menace, but if the nation is
not prepar d to accept drastic meas
ures for dealing with the si.hmuri.ie
menace, disaster is before us.
"The government is hopeful of find
ing means of d -riiini; with the submar
ine but. we should be guilty officially
if we rested tranquilly on the expec
tation of the realization of that hope.
We have to dial ruthlessly and
promptly with the tonnage problem
by measures v. hi- h impose creaf sac
rifices upon the fountry-
"There are three sets of measures;
first, by the navy as described by Sir
Edward Carson (first lord of the ad
miralty), second, the bui'.:li;io- of mer
chant ships: third, dispensing with
unnecessary commodities from
abroad and production of cs much
food as possible at homo."
After discussion of various articles
of import, the premier continue,!:
"Now I come to the reduction in
food and feeding stuffs. First, fruit
and vegetables are essential articles
of diet End will come on the free l:'st
but thev are certain articles, largely
reported. vhih are pot essential to
the national life although they are
very desirable, and which I thir": it
necessary to diminish or prohibit al
together. Even Tea Prohibited '
"Apples, tomatoes, and certain r:iw
fruits, we have reluctantly come to
the conclusion we shall have to pro
hibit altogether and depend on Euro
pean supplies. Oranges, banana?,
grapes .almonds and nuts are restrict
ed to 23 percent of the 1915 imports.
Imported aerated mineral and table
waters are prohibited and canned sal
mon is reduced to percent. As to
tea, we shall have tr prohibit forei- n
teas altogether. They come from con
siderable distance and to a certain ex
tent even Indian teas will have to bo
reduced."
Brs Coffee Also
Then stating tlire were large slocks
of coffee and cocoa in tiie country,
Mr. Lloyd-Georae S!:id the govern
ment must, for the tti.ie being, prohib
it both these aiticUs.
"For meat and feeding sn:if ;." the.
premier i or.ti:.i:.' i, "we neisi to
large xi'tit ib-pemi on h!n grown
: uppiit s. We h.iw, lortuu.itely. lar-er
stocks of HH-itt than ev r before. Tak
ing all these c:Uc,;ories loue'.her v.i'Ii
out food arid feeding Huffs. w- hope
to be I't le to ;,t' ii'.iT '.leO.miii t(,:.;:
of car-n space per annum which
shows i he erat i.t wo have had tl n!y
on foreign cnuntii- s lor coiiini'.dities
; of that ki:-.d.
Black French Foods
I "These ure manufactured articles
of hiM'iry. I did not realize untfT I
1 studied the (jitest'ion how larg,e the
amount was. I regret it deeply ia
some cases, because a good n any of
! leai emanate from France. 1'n.loubt
( 'iy it will he a blow to ctilain
I r:ei. h industries, but. unfortunate! .-
I .e are drisen to it tor the sake of
saving toii.'iage. lot iiicrei lor our
: e!t s but for France and Italy also,
and I am sure if liiey hi;.! t : choose
L tween the I'ao they wouid infinitely
prefer having ships for other pi.rpu'-
es."
j Cold Sores and tf&tig?S
i' ever
iers
. -rift
are only cutv.-ar-J manifestations of the
ianainmation cf tie mutou'? surfac
that lines the Iuns, tlie stoir.nch and
rill the digestive tract, but they give
yon pvi'Jer.ce cf hew sore a membrane
may become cs a result of inflamma
tion, which is stagnation of the blood.
rightfully called acute catarrh.
If you suffer from such condition don't let them become
chronic, don't run the risk of systemic catarrh.
Clear it Up With PERUNA
When your system is cleared of all ks poisons, the membranes sooihed
and heilt d. the ccU gone end your digestion restored, you wdl er.jey life, feei
c:ev.i to ail its task, and be at peace with the world. Let Peruna do lor you
what u c.d lor iti:3 sufferer:
Mrs. L. A. Patierscn, 233 Utah Avenue, Memphis. Tenn. says:
" i nnve lxn a friond of Pcuoa for many ytarj. I have nd it cf nnd m (t cal.nrri!
cnrr-'a'Pts and fuunJ i; a vtry errileDt remwr. i hav a snail family of ctni-lrr'V iKr
arc t.-ini v'utt us. b.it I can scarcely afTcrd to do wihout Pen;na. tswriilly uina ih?
fe.i: o t e vcar wh-'D amCV avri col:ln are prevalent. We u;wajs rcccouimeou Prruaa
touur D.i:ibjri, for beat-tit it ha Ocro to u."
You needn't stiller Lmder with such a rem?dv at hand.
MS winmw ...3J ...
0iHtrr;DiS - -
Parana cmn be obtaanad in tab ! form.
You can carry it with yon and taka it J
tematically and regularly for a remedy, or
at needed for a preventive. Get a box today.
The Peruna Company, Columhua, Ohio
FEAR OF STARVING
SEIZES ENGLAND
fCnntintiPfl Krom Paee One !
losues and for poveriiinent depart
ments. Remember Soldiers
..In his peroriation the premier said:
"I know of no body of honorable
men who would take for one hour the
responsibility for the conduct of this
terrible war unless the nation was
prepared to take its share of the sac
rifices. I say It would be a crime
would be a black crime for any gov
ernment to auk tlie gallant men at tho
front to risk their brave lives in the
comitiR conflict if they knew the ef
fort of the nation was faint hearted,
was selfish and that their sacrifices
were I brown away.
"We have" no riht to ask it. For
that reason I have come here, after
Ions deliberation and thought and on
behalf of the government to submit
proposals which I hope the commons
will approve and the nation will car
ry out with unflinching and unKrudft
inir hearts."
Save Vast Tonnage
Py curtailment of imports, Mr.
Lloyd -Georce said he expected to re
duce the demands on cargo space by
several million tons. Foodstuffs o("
which 16,000.000 were imported last
year will be rut nearly a million tons
by lopplnc off certain luxuries. Tap
er users who already have been con
siderably curtailed, must henceforth
get along with onlv half the supply 1
they are now receiving, thus saving
f40,noo tons. Certain savings also
will be affected in the importation of
iea:
W1 HYiYT.
aV
THE LITTLE PORTABLE GAS HEATER ENAELES YOU
TO QUICKLY CONVERT THE COLDEST ROOM IN
YOUR HOUSE TO WARMTH AND CHEER IT GIVES
gTaVaVjMV
lafc...H. mm
Comfort
' WHERE YOU WANT IT
WHEN YOU WANT IT
i : -
L-v.-.'
aV;i ...-;' 'fy
LIGHTS AT THE FLASH OF A MATCH CONNECTS
BY A FLEXIBLE METALLIC TUBE AND CAN BE
EASILY MOVED FROM ONE ROOM TO ANOTHER.
QUICK
SAFE CLEAN
Prices $2.75 to $7.00
Bar
NT GO. FOUR
THE BISBEE, DAILY REVIEW, SaTURDAi .MORNING, KtliKUAKt tt, iiv.
STirc i&isbss Daily &ruuUf
Published Every Day Except Monday by the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee. Arizona.
Under Act of March 3, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable in Advance:
PER MONTH I .75
THREE MONTHS 2.25
SIX MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter 75
Ha Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
PHONE NO. 39.
Revlw subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
)aily rieview before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor if any irregularity of delivery Is reported
to the Circulation Department The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Saturday Morning, February 24, 1917.
STRADDLING.
"One of the principal indoor sports in Phoenix at the
present time is that of straddling. This game is one
played ly some politicians, or men who claim to be poli
ticians, and is meant, primarily, fcr exercise, but is better
suited to dissembling. The scene of the promotion of
this interesting novelty is the state house in the capital
city third floor north and south wings.
Legislators are a funny lot. When some people get to
be constable they imagine they are on the way to the
Vnited States senate. This, happily, doesn't apply to
many in Cochise county. It does, however, apply to some
of our worthy representatives in the lower house. It is a
peculiar commentary, upon the game of straddling, that
it is played by those who are looking into the future for
some fat berth where the 'dear people' may pay them a
salary.
It is an unfortunate fact that Arizona, like every other
state, has its quota of aspirants for the public trough.
These men, and afew women, have no desire to work, and
should they get the desire, in the most part, they couldn't
muster the ability nor the stick-to-itiveness to make good
with a job. Naturally, they gravitate to the political cen
ters and prey upon an unsuspecting public. They become
public mendicants.
Such men and women encumber the legislature. They
always delay legislative business until the full time of
the session is completed, whether there is any business
to be completed or not. They want $7 per day for a full
period. Moreover, they wish extra sessions. Their taste
does not lie in the direction of work, and most any old
expedient will do for them to make a cause, actual or
imaginary, for some extra days pay.
It is these men and women who, wishing to be counted
in on the game when it is next played, form the principal
participants in the game of straddling. They do not care
to offend either side to any controversy. They are 'on the
fence' and great difficulty is encountered in bringing
them down for tiie record's sake. Their principal object
in going to the legislature is to draw a per diem; and
fiey succeed at the business and fool their constituents
and form the fifth wheel on the State's governmental
wagon.
At the present time they are watching for the 'cat' to
jump in the gubernatorial contest. If Campbell is retained
in office, they desire to be solid with the wing of tiie
Democratic party which succeeded in electing the Yava
pai county men. On the other hand, they are sitting '.high
and' dry and entering no debates and offering few sug
gestions where their attitude may be construed as bein?
against the little czar from Yuma county excuse us, we
meant George W. P. Hunt. , They are in the middle of
the road and getting in the way of those w ho are honest
enough to get on one side of the other.
No personal enmity, spleen or criticism can be offered
against the man or woman who comes squarely out on a
question. If that man or woman disagrees with you it
may be for one reason or another. It is their reason, any
way, and they have a right to it. Hut to countenance
those barnacles on the legislative ship of the ,tae of
Arizona is hard work. It is tough on the ship, and lik'j
their sea-going cousins, they delay things greatly.
IjpI us get into dry dock and brush some of them oiT.
TJicy are very expensive and unsatisfactory encumbrances.
RECORDING A FEAT.
It takes big people and big industries to adopt expedi
ents which will save time, expense and trouble. Witness
the feat of yesterday morning when the Copper Quci-ii
Consolidated .Mining Company accomplished the almost
unheard-of feat of welding a fourteen and three-quarter
inch drive 'shaft without taking it down or in any other
postiou.
Outside of a few instances, which are not on record,
the only wilding on a similar scale to yesterday's feu l.
the drive shafts on steamships, at sea. constitute praeti- I
rally t.'ic only examples of such work, heretofore. I
tv. I...... ..I f.... II... f... Iii.,t. int. ..f iiiii.ltii-r ilrivi- j
1 IJ Itflfcl- V.IHU l'l lit' .i,'iinFiiiuh wi
shaft, to replace tiie broken one, would have necessitated
a delay of some days. The company did not enjoy tin
idea of stieli a delay and secure the services of an ex
perl in his line. The rl'tull alone i.-. roliilUf ndahlc and
the people of the W'.itlcu VI 111' t ran take pride 111 the
fart th:L it vas a local company and local people who
OUR MEXICAN PLANK.
The Providence Journal recently printed a disquieting
story to U'le effect that if we get into war with Germany,
the first blow against us will be struck through our "ex
posed flank", which is Mexico.
Hundreds of German army officers are represented a3
having been in this country for some time awaiting such
an emergency. Within the last three weeKs, according to
the Journal's account, 300 of them were rounded up un
der the direction of Ambassador von Bernstorff, supplied
with funds through the German consulate and started for
Mexico, accompanied by 200 reservist officers. Subse
quently, it is said, the consulates destroyed all confiden
tial papers relating to Mexican affairs.
Many German officers are said to have been with botn
Carranza and Villa for some time. Others have remain
ed in Mexico City. All are now supposed to be joining
one or the other of the two chiefs.
U is suggested that if we become involved with Ger
many, we shall lie attacked promptly on our Mexican
flank. And it is admitted that a Mexican army, whether
Carranza's or Villa's or both together, if led by German
officers, could make a lot of trouble for us. It could at
least hold our army on the border, absorb a large part of
our recruited forces and military supplies and thus pre
vent our entire resources from being used against Ger
many. It doesn't sound at all improbable. Villa hates us and
wants vengeance for his imagined wrongs, and Carranza
has never given us reason to trust him. Both might re
joice in an alliance with Germany to help them humble
cur pride. And recent history shows no lack of disposi
tion on Germany's part to play such a game. One of the
things that led us to demand the recall of Roy-Ed and
Von Papen, the German military and naval attaches, was
their attempt to s'ir up Mexico against us. It would be
regarded, too, as a legitimate war measure to Ji it at us
through Mexico.
It's well, at any rate, to take no chances. And our gov
ernment seems to be on its guard. It isn't for nothing
that Pershing's army and many National Guard regi
ments are being hold at the frontier.
U -
StateHiE&Graije
i
VACAl AM) I)7iY
i, !:::ir.:orF.
Farmers and others resident in and
near Tucson expect to receive the
proper papers this week for the forma
tion of a Farm Loan Association from
the branch bank, located at Berkeley,
California. The Pima County Farm
Improvement Association is back of
the project.
According to the latest city direc
tory of Tucson the population of the
Pima County is 23.373. The direc
tory estimate is made from a basis of
S500 names of residents over the ate
of eighteen years which appear in the
new book.
Safe crackers and yeggmen are act
ive in Tucson again, the latest depre
dation being the blowing of the safe
of the Citizen Transfer Company of
that city. The robbers took $90 from
the safe and then attacked another
safe in the same office, but gave up
the job and left it unharmed. .
Elaborate preparations are being
made by the people of Globe for thn
entertainment of the cattlemen of the
state who are expected to attend the
Ftate Cattle Growers' Association
when it meets there on March 1, 2
and 3. The Gila County Cattle Grow
ers' Association has charge of the
plans. Governor Tom Campbell and
President Von Kleinsmid. of the Uni
versity of Arizona, are among the
nun selected to address the convention.
THE NEEDLE AND THE HAYSTACK.
Bisbee. literally and figuratively, is comparable to the
old similie, the Haystack, of which the needle is the miss
ing link. I. C. E. Adams, on the eve of his retirement
from the position of Mayor of the city, said that the city
should be mapped and numbered. Nothing, at the pres- j
ent time, deserves closer attention than this need. J
Bisbee is built up hill and down dale. It is iiere and j
there and everywhere. Its streets are, sometimes, mis- j
nomers. but these facts give little excuse for the jumble
of numbers that are now found on them. j
John Brown, a stranger, comes to Bisbee. He is scar-jh-
ing for John Smith, a distant cousin of his. He may have j
an address 37 School Hill. After searching over all of i
School Hill and it is exceedingly difficult to determine
where School Hill begins and ends Jie may be able to
locate John Smith. Number 37 may be on top or it may
be at the bottom. Number 37 is probably the result of
the activity of some man who merely desired to label
Lis house, not for informative or direction purposes.
We have seen the city council appropriate money for a
handsome park, for streets, which have not made good,
and for numerous other things. On the other hand we
bear the constant complaint of business people and, in
fact everyone else, to the effect that the streets should
be named and the houses numbered. Let us see, when
the next budget is made up, if a really needed reform
can not receive some attention from our aldermen?
Owing to the demands of the traf
fic on the Arizona Kastern between
the main line connection at Bowie, on
the Southern Pacific, the former road
is now running a cafe-observation car
on the train's daylight run between
Bowie and the terminal.
R. C. Hughes, snid to be a rancher
in the state of Chihuahua an.l now a
visitor in Phoenix recovering fro
wounds received while in Mexico, is
reported in one of the Phoenix popers
to have said that Villa is not as bad
as he is painted. Hughes said that
Carranzistas were far worse than Vil
la. Lots of people don't think there
is much' choice in the mutter.
TRAINING FOR HOUSEWORK.
A bill has recently been introduced into the Indiana
legislature providing for the establishment of a house
maids' training school for negro women. From other
sections come rumors and signs that something is really
going to be done about the "servant problem." Investiga
tions are being made, standardization of work and hours
is suggested, training and wages are being discussed
with a view to-improving existing conditions..
There seems, too, to be a spirit of fairness spreading
throughout the movement to sift housework troubles to
the bottom. The difficulties of the houseworker are rec
ognized as never before, and sincere attempts are being j
made to get fie viewpoint of worker as well as em- !
plover. ,
It seems obvious that standardization and training I
will be great factors in solving the problem. The d"- I
niand for housemaids has so outgrown the supply that, j
wages have risen while the grade of work done has not
I
improved proportionately in quality. Housewives are
finding out that it is better to pay a high price in the first
place for a competent trained worker than to pay the
high price for tiie incompetent .helper who has to be su
l rvised and assisted at every step in the day's work.
With traiitinir. sclf-resiiect and nride in her "job" will
rome to the girl in domestic service. Housework is a
business that requires skill of hand and brain. It needs
more efficiency and business methods. The sooner it is
put on a business basis the sooner the problem it has
caused in the past will disappear.
A utomO'
HP
1 ires
'vi w w tfr U4 v.' &il wit Mtm
i try zw$imml$mm
. , :.M:"wmB mm wmmim 1
lie pmmM
m y
rij I J-i SMALL AS WELL AS lM ,
W- LARGE ACCOUNTS INVITED fX-
si;
THE BIGGEST S TUCK
OF
THE BEST
MAKES
TO Si
1LEC1
FROM
Let us do ycur Repair Wcrk and you wili ba satisfied.
WE GUARANTEE IT
THE BIG SUPPLY STORE
Brophy Garage
Supply Co.
&
Lowell
Arizona.
t
-i
I t L. 1
closet
SMALL AS WELL AS
LARGE ACCOUNTS INVITED
The Miners & Merchants Bank solicits
small accounts, as well as large ones.
It encourages the people to save. Come
in now and start an account with us.
Interest Paid on Time Deposits.
i 4"
Charles Kvans Hughes thus frames (he platform of a
united American parly: "We are all Americans, stand
ing Invally behind President Wilson, on whom this great
lesponsibility rests. The exigencies of no nation cau lis
(In- liiml of American rights." Isn't that loyal, to its
every piU'i and liber'.'
The slate senate has passed a bill w.'iich makes a boy
t'lider eighteen equally responsible with (lie seller, il he
is caught willi cigarettes in his possession. That should
i.ut make- so nun h difference for. in ye obleii das. li-e
ouiig:t rs never tarried the 'mal.in.,' around with H"'u:.
'I In y hid litem somewhere by the- old barn cr in the com
Great Verde
Extension Syndicate
Is offering a small block in the Great Verde Extension
Copper Company at
Capital $750,000 "
ISca Share
Par value 25c
The treasury stock of this company goes on the market.
March 1st at 30c per share. Pooled stock advanced to
20 cents.
This property adjoins tlx- United Vcrrlc Extension on
the east and is only a few luirdrrd fret from Dundee
Arizona property. This s otk is ono of the best buys
in the Jerome District.
For further particulars and map of Jerome District
call on or write
A. C. Anderson, Rep. for Southern Arizona
In V. N. Edwards Real Estate OiFn c. Muhcim PM-..
Uicwery Gulih, BiJt-r. I 'hour J07.
X
Have you established your credit in
this community?
A bank account is one of the best build
ers of credit.
It is to your financial advantage to have
a Checking Account with this institution.
Bank with us.
CDGG ,
v.
With Money
That's the way wealth has been gained ever since the
world started.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is making money for you with the four per cent
interest which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT
CROW!
Citizens Bank & Trust Company
Main Street
Will E. McKee,
Blab. Arizona
President C A. McDonald. Caihier.
O. W. Wolf, Assttant Cahlr.
REVIEW WANT ADS ARE BUSINESS GETIW i
THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 24, 1917.
FIVL
Y MINSTRELS ARE
COMPLETE SUCCESS
AT THE ORPHEUM
performer. Charles Jewell ably as-''
listed McLaughlin.
Little Miss Syiva faro, eight years j
old. and an elocutionist of ability, of-1
find two selections. That she willj
become excellent in her line appears
reasonable from the success she mailt j
of her effort last night. I
The minstrel jubilee, of course,
Surprise En joyed by a Record- j was the feature of the evening and!
Breaking Audience; Every should have been. From the opening!
A F...l mrA Froo ' number, ' Tome Pack to Arizona." to1
X&V bUWVIVU U1IU m IVW 11 VIII
FISTS CLASH AGAIN F000 SCARCITY IN
IN PHILADELPHIA AT
STREET FOOD CARTS
ininnr nnr!
EAST EXAGGERATED "
sayrailroadheads Financial News
all Amateurishness.
Bisbee's Y. M. C. A. celebrated last
evening and offered to a big audience
j the finale, "How's every Little Thins
in Dixie." it was a roar of continuous
laughter.
George Kellogg and J. A. Kancoiut
handled the extreme ends, aided by
the best amateur minstrel and vaude-i Y S. Cooley. E. Scott. It. YV. Wilson.
E. A. M. Howard. J. Nelson and Chet
Johnson. The other members of the
circle were F A. Hedgecock, interloc-
ville show ever seen in this part of l
the country- From the first to the
last there was entertainment of the
real kind and, unlike many of such
efforts, the audience did not find it
necessary to bold its breath for some
(Dy Review Leased Wire)
1'IIILADELPHIA. Feb. 23. Fre
quent scrimmages between police and '
women protesting against the present
cost of food continued today in the
southeastern section of the city. There
was less violence than yesterday, rain
late in the afternoon driving many
women from the streets.
At every store, stand or pushcart
where chickens, fish, potatoes or
onions were on sale, groups of women
gathered and warned away would-be
buyers. Disorders resulted when the
police tried to break up these groups.
Twj plain clothes men who at
tempted to protect a woman who en
tered one of the boycotted stores were
attacked by an 'untruly crowd. They
were knocked down and trampled by
the crowd which so greatly outnum
bered the police. Two women were
seized as ringleaders of the disturb
ance by "other policemen but the ex
cited crowd quickly released them.
A free for all fight ensued and an
emergency call for reserves was sent
to city hall. Before order was re-
uter. S. Iicwis, Ed Ev;:ns, Tom Evans,
I C. C. Allen. ('. F. Jackson, YV R.
' Hanks, H. A. Leissirer. J. H. Janes.
E. O. Gosnell, C. YV. Graves. E. Cooke.
D. B. Williamson. M. 13. Sheeks. G.
performer who was losing his head or j Bar(on T T Brayfield. S. O. Lowe
his lines. 1 and S. YV. Border.
Replete with novelties and turns' , Rancouit and Kellogg and Johnson
the affair was a complete surprise and 1 drew the best applause of the mins
merits another packed house on ' 're' jUD''pe- The former offered "You
, i May be the 'World to a YY'orld of
Tuesday night when the members ap-1 Frjends yiQye Than ,he
pear again at the Orpheum theatre, j -Prid to Me." and ' What do You
First on the program was the Cku-' Want to Make Those Eyes at me For"
lele Club of the Y. M. C. A. and Y. Kellogg offered "It's Not Your Na-; stored many of the rioters and police
W. C. A. It was rather a gentile af-1 tionality," and "Mammy's J.ittle Coal j men were bruised and bleeding. One
fair but, taken altogether, very pleas-; Black Rose." diet Johnson, our own j man was arrested charged with in
ing. The dancing of Mr.' Morgan and i "Chet." after securing a boquet of j citing to riot. He was later released
Miss Detloff was excellent and se-! flowers (?t from "the boys of Tain-I upon payment of a fine, explaining
cured the preferred hand of the act. many Hall 'somewhere on Brewery
There is no doubt but that Mr. Mor-' Gulch'," sang ' IJring 'Em Along."
gan would dance better if he left his j The quartette numbers were excell-horn-fimmed
glasses in his diessing i ent and pleased on each occasion,
room. i The membership of the quartette con-
George E. Kellogg starred during j sisted of Evans, Rancoui t, Jackson j
the entire evening. Kellogg is a per-, and Cooley. I
frvv-TYiA. ftf Mai oKilitv in Vila BOVflral I "k'ifln Vimr lv .1)1 l-it-1 A" 1 1 1 1 I
.Ml ill I J V I I a v. . uiiii iiiu - v v .... . . . . u . -" . . , 1 1 1 1 1 V villi 1 I'll
offerings were the best individual ef-1 Love," by Mr. Scott, "Coaling up in
forts of the minstrel. He first offer-j Colon Town" and "When You Dreavi
ed a monologue, entitled "A Little Bit of the Girl You Love" by Mr. Cooks,
of Everything" and was royally en- "Who's Pretty Baby are you Now,"
cored. by Mr. Jackson, "Perfect Day," by
Harry A. McLaughlin, physical di-Mr. Lewis and quartette, "Walking
rector Of the Y. M. C. A., offered a ; the Dog," by Mr. Scott and "Welcome
novelty tumbling and acrobatic act i to Your Old Plantation Home."
which was, in itself, a feature and I Go to see the V. M
that he had mistaken the two plain
clothes men for rowdies beating his
neighbors.
WILLARD AND GERARD
CONFER AT MADRID.
NEW YORK. Feb. 2:5. YVhile state
and city authorities were seeking
means to delieve the suffering caused
by the high cost of food. President E.
B. Thomas of the Lehigh Valley Rail
road Company declared tonight that
"the gravity of the situation is great
ly exaggerated" and President F. D.
I'nderwood of the Erie asserted that
there was no real danger of "riot or
anarchy."
Mr. Thomas' announcement was
contained in a telegram sent to the
Milwaukee chamber of commerce in
response to a message appealing to
eastern railroads "to take immediate
steps to relieve a condition amount
ing almost to positive famine in some
sections of the east, by permitting
(By Review Leased YVire)
NEW YORK. Feb. :'.. Suggestions
of increased tension in the foreign
situation as affecting this country,
and the utterances of the British pre
mier prompted renewed selling in
moderate volume today.
There were other adverse factors,
such as the further depreciation in
Italian exchange.
All divisions of the stock list shar
ed in the general decline, though in
variable degree.
Among distinctly favorable Inci
dents was the Southern Pacific state
ment for January, showing a net in
crease of $2.616,000 and the 1916 re
port of the Loose-YY'iles Biscuit Com
pany, whose net profits over 1915 in-
. creased some thirty percent. The
the movement only of those com modi-. Illore morp noteworthy movements in
l LONDON, Feb 23. Iteuter'8 Madrid
correspondent says Count de Roman
ones, the Spanish premier, and Amalio
Gimento. the foreign minister, had a
long conference Thursday with Joseph
E. Y"illard, the American ambassador,
and James W. Gerard, former Ameri
can ambassador to Germany. loiter
Senor Gimento hail Conversations
C. A. Minstrels with the French and German ambas-
would be a credit to any professional ' on Tuesday. It's well worth v.hile.
sadors.
i ttiS5vsr'"T.rrri:'.v.':
""""""y- i
Iff 'iO1
JJ , :-( .2.- r.v.-;f:..V : ' " V'-7S-'.VyV"5 .
F JT'A ). ; ; . V' i t n . i ;...V t 'A xyi-jufcaii rs nt jiw i n mm m
V
. bitty besides
pleasing your taste
Here is a cigarette that, in addition to
pleasing the taste, does a new thing, the
one tiling you've always wished a ciga
rette would do
Chesterfields just "touch the spot," they lei you
know you are siaukinj they 6' 4 TLSFY" !
And still, they're mild!
The costly Imported and Domestic tobaccos are
bhndrd in a nria tcay that's wbit does it. And the
blend can't be copied.
If vou don't believe there can be more
to a cigarette than Rood tastf: buy
a pierage of Chesterfields todcy.
"1
ties necessary to sustain human and
naimal life."
Mr. Underwood made public a se
ries of telegrams sent by him to Pres
ident Griffin of the Chicago board of
trade, who sent a message to the in
terstate commerce commission that
"riot and anarchy" would result from
lack of cars in Chicago to handle
grain.
George YY. Perkins, chairman of
Mayor Mitchell's food supply commit
tee, announced tonight that the may
or had received from Texas, Louisia
na. California, Oregon and other
states telegrams inquiring about the
food shortage here and offering sug
gestions.
. "The trouble is," said Mr. Perkins,
'there is no one in official position to
follow up the suggestions coming
from these different communities. YVe
are absolutely unequipped and pow
erless as a community In the all-important
question of promoting and de
veloping outside markets. This is
simply another instance showing the
necessity for a centralized market in
the city of New York."
NEW MEXICO ROAD
ENTHUSIASTS MEET
(By Review Leased YY'ire).
SANTA FE. X. M., Feb. 23. The an
nual convention of the Xew Mexico
Association 'of Highway Officials open
ed here today with twenty of the
twenty six counties in the state repre
sented. The convention is consider
ing legislation relating to highways
now before the house and senate.
The speakers today included O. II.
Sweetser, an engineer from the I'nited
States ollice of public roads; Judge
Adrian Pc'jI, of El 1'aso, Texas: Gov
ernor YV. E. Lindsey, Wm. C. McDon
ald, of Carrizozo, former governor;
Holm O. Bursum, of Socorro, and
Francis E. Lester, of Mesilla Park,
president of the association.
Membership in the association is
limited to those holding places on the
state highway commission, boards ot
county roads and county commissioners.
stocks included I'. Steel. Bethle
hem Steel issues, and other industri
als, in which extreme recessions
ranged from two to ten points, cop
pers and motors one to three, sugars,
equipments and oils two to six. and
numerous unclassified specialties one
to four points.
YY'ith the exception of leading coal
ers, all the important rails were low
er. Total sales of stocks 54o.OoO
shares.
Irregularity in international bonds
was offset by improvement tn domes
tic jails and the utilities. Total saies
par value, $4.ir.0.000. V. S. Coupon
3's advanced '4 percent on call.
METALS MARKET
XEYV YORK. Feb. 2:'.. Lead' firm
10.62. spelter firm, spot East St. Lou
is delivery 10M at H7h. Copper firm
electrolytic spot and neadby nominal
second quarter .13 at 35. Third quar
ter 31 at 31". Bar silver it 's. Winona ...
CHICAGO GRAINS
CHICAGO, Feb. 23. Lloyd-George's ' Arkansas &
speech emphasizing the gravity of the I jjjg jim li
Mason Market
Saturday Specials
K. C. Veal (shoulder) 22c
K. C. Round Steak, 25c
Cotton Tail Rabbits. 25c
Premium Ham 30c
Star Ham 30c
Sauerkraut, 2 tbs for 25c
Phoenix Eggs, doz. 40c
Brewery Ave., Across from City Park. Phone 374.
v
Calumet & Arizona S2U
Calumet & Hecla 5S7
Copper Range Kl '3
Chino 55
East Butte "
Granby S3
Greene Cananea 4"'2
Goldfield
Hancock I1''
Indiana 2
Inspiration 56
Kennecott 44
Keweenaw 3 '2
Lake 13 Va
La Salle "
Miami "s
Mohawk SI 'j
Mavflower 2"i
Nevada 24
.North Butte 21 "1
Nipissing S
Old Dominion 61 'j
Osceola
Pond Creek 1'
Quincy S3
Ray Consolidated Id7
Shannon S'2
Shatturk 27 '4
Supeiior Boston 6't
Tamarack 56'a
I'tall t opper
Ctah Consolidated lS'a
CURBS
Arizona
30
1 Big Ledge
, Calumet & Jerome
: Cornelia
, Butte & London . .
, Fort una
' Gadsden
Grand Island
shortage of vessels needed to carry
food stuffs to Great Rritain had a dis
tinctly bearish effect on the wheat
market here today. Depression,
which became manifest as soon as
trading opened, was at no lime over
come and the close was unsettled. Ts
to 2' net lower, with May. at 176'.4 to:(;r,.Pn .Monst
1.76 and July at 1.4'J- to 149. ' Gold Reed
Corn lost ',i to to "i and oats x Howe Sound
to . I nprovisions the outcome Hecla
ranged from 32 decline to a rise of 7 Hull Copper
cents. I Inspiration Net dlt s
Adverse crop reports from the 1 Jerome Verde
southwest failed to act as a lasting or I Jerome Victor
by any mears complete offset in tav- j Magma Copper
or of the bulls. The revival of em-1 jjasma Chief
bargo talk at YY'ashington appeared to i Miami Consolidated
especially check attempts at upturns. I Monster Chief
Corn was affected, though to a less I Pittsburg Jerome
degree, by the same conditions which j Ray Hercules
ruled tne wneat market. .;iui wcatnrr Sitnta Rita
counted also on the hear side. Oats I Tom Reed
declined with other cereals. I United Eastern
Lack of support was evident in the j i'nited Western
provision market except for lard. Y'erde Extension
I Y'erde Combination
(By I J. Overlock) Warren
XEW YORK. Feb. 23 The speech YVolverine Arizona
of the British premier, the outline of; Oatman
such restrictions as the allies now (By Collins & Brtherton)
1
17 ii
15
6')
1'4
05
6;i
7 ;i
Gold Reed .10
Gold Cliff .15
Ivanhoe 03
Lucky lUiy 10 .13
Merry Widow .10
Oatman Combination .V)
Sunnysidf .20
Telluride .20
Tom Reed 2.04 2.05
United Eastern 4.55
United Xorthern 05
I'nited YVestern 03
Other Curbs
Gadsden 2.37 2 62
Green Monster 1.42 1.5
Butte London 22 .25
Dundee 1.50 1.62
Venture Hill 11 .1
Pittsburg Jerome 50 .S7
Jerome Verde 1.42 1.50
Arkansas Arizona .30 .35
Jerome Portland .' 52
Inspiration Needles 31 .37
Hull Copper 35 .45
Magma Chief 37 .62
YY'olverton Arizona 1.55
Miami Mother I.ode .50
Y'erde Combination 62 .S7
Miami Consolidated 25 .30
Bisbee Copper l.nO 1.25
Hutte Arizona 05
' Louisiana Arizona .75
Santa Cruz Bisbee .27
Jerome Daisy .75
YY'arren 9.12
Nacozari Consolidated .. .42
Calumet Oil 25 .40
1 To Prevent The drip
Colds cause Crip Laxative Br onto
Quinine removes the cause. Remember
to call for the full name, LAXATIVE
- KOMO CUIXIXE. Look for the sig
nature of IS. W. GROVE. 25c.
1 7-16
1
40
t FALL 80 FEET TO DEATH
OFF KANSAS WATER TOWER
1 OSBORNE. Kas.. Feb. 23. Win.
; Mi'.ler, Seattle. YY'ashington. and Ivan
Berry ot Denver, were killed today
-16
when they fell from the top of a steel
4
- 1 water tower being erected her&
1
20riQ
f he
eld
si" em
CIGARETTES
of IMPOPxIED and DOMESTIC tobaccos-Blended
1
HOUSE TO VOTE ON
D. OF C. DRY BILL
(By Review Leased YVire)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 23 The h'ouse
rules committee late today agreed to
a snecial rule expected to insure a
vote in the house at this session on
the District of Columbia prohibition
bill.
Prohibition advocates hailed the
committee's action as another 1m
portant victory, fur tliey believe the
)ill certain of passage once it Is
brought to a vote. For more than a
month it has been before the house
District of Columbia committee with
out actfrn. and recent developments
there had given the prohibition sympa
thizers little hope of a report to the
house in thin for passage by March
llh.
The rules committee stood seven to
four for the removal, which would
take the hill out of the hands of the
District ".f Columbia committee and
put it up for passage.
The rule would make in order all
proposed .amendments, including one
pending for a referendum vote by resi
dents of the district. Efforts to at
tach a referendum amendment in the
senate failed on a tie vote.
deem essential in order to further
their cause served to exert a depress- j .rgo
ing influence on the stock market and ' .dams
induced much speculative selling. In nzonil
the last hour however, shorts were
Rex
I Ari- T.ii.i I?. ..1.1
inclined to cover inasmuch as the vol- -j jjm
ume of long stocks tendered for sale !
on the decline did not assume large! ;
proportions. Taken as a whole, we j , arter y"M --
nn fwiraeiiin tt nltpr flirt vioi i h:i t I ' nUCIl
buying side of the stock market pre
sents greater attraefion than the sell
ing side at this level.
LOGAN & BRYAN.
NEW YORK
Bid
.14
.06
1 25
.16
01
2.04
Vs
03
37 'i
9
l'i
Ask.
.08
.16
.05
.10
Jim
ALLEN'S FOOT-EASE DOES IT.
Anaconda "S
American Can 43 '
American Car 62 ,
American Locomotive 70 .
American Smelter T 9S'i
American Sugar 112
Atchison 101 -4 !
Baltimore Ohio 76' j I
Baldwin T 52' ,
Distillets 23':.
Erie 26r,n !
Goodrich 5 4"f ;
General Motors Ill'7,,
Industrial Alcohol 13n
Marine 2I
Marine Pfd I'.'i',
Maxwell 55 !
Mexican Petroleum vi
Midvale 55';
New York Centra! .",',
Northern Paiifie lot
i Pennsylvania 54"'
I Reading f5
I Republic Steel 77
Rubber 5 2 "St
Studebaker 10ii"-H
Steel in?' , !
Si eel Pt d 11 :
St. Paul SO':;
Southern Pacific !i::7, j
I'nin Pacide I37"t
1'iiited Fruit 1 10 !
YY'i-stinghouse tft',
Chesapeake & Ohio r.O'i
Colorado Fuel Iron 16',
Canadian Pacific 154 i
Crm-ihle 65 i
BOSTON
Adventure
When yourghH- piuch or your rinid and bun
ions ache k thit ;iu are tirrd all over, S'-l A'.'.eu
F(Kt Ea!V, tho aiilijM-pric powder to he ahaira
into the shtiesaml pnnkled in t:ie fnoi-h.mh. 1 1 w U
take the sling uiu of corns anl bunions and ?ue
instant relu-f to Tired, Achins, swi-M:en. Tenler
leet. ver nM.un ;ackajes are beir.r iied by tli"
lerman and Allied tnjopa at the front, buid
tnerrwnere, S5c. Don't accept ang tabttituU,
It's Easy If You Know Dr.
Edwards' Olive Tablets
Tlie secret of keeping your. is to
feci young to d tins you must watch
your liver and 'nowels flu-re's no neel
of having; U Sallow complexion il.'.rk
rings under your eyes pimples a hil-
j ions look in your lace dull eyes witii
no sparine, lour tloctor win tea ou
ninety per cent of all sickncjs comes
from tractive ixwe! anil liver.
Dr. Kdwards. a well-known thys;c:.in
in Oiiio. perfected a vegeta''.e cotn
potinil mixed wilh t liee oil t. net on
the liver and bowels, which he g.ive to
I'.is patiems for veirs.
Dr. 1-Mwar.Is Olive TaMets. t!-.c i;"
stittitc fnr calomel. ae g.:;ile in t''e:r
action, yet always cttcctive. I l'-e ir:;i
a'tont th.it cxu!cr::nce i f .spirit, t-iit
raturrl Imoyancy wliielt ihv.l ' ! f
joyed by everyone, by t -n:r ;r tee liver
an 1 c'eari-ig tiie ?y;e:;i . f im .--i:i'-!.
Y'o'.i 'v !! know" Or. l.'l vire!-' Olive
TaYit: i'V their olive Color. E.r.J
25c per box. All tlrujjyiati.
ARE YOUR KIDNEYS
WELL?
Many Bisbee People Knew the Im
portance of Healthy Kidneys.
The kidneys filter tiie blood.
They work night anil day.
YY'ell kidnes reimne impurities. 1
YY'eak kidney .-j ailow impurities to
multiply. j
No kidney ill sh'mld be neglected.!
ThiTe is possible danger in delay.
It you have backache or tiri:iury
troubles.
ou are nervous,, du.v or v.orn
VIOLENCE REIGNS WITH
PHILADELPHIA STRIKERS.
PIIIL.YDKLPIII.Y. Feb. r.. Minor
disturbances by strikers and their
sympathizers, with numerous arrests,
occurred today in the neighborhood of
the Franklin Sugar Uetinery. alter it
large, force of police established a
"dead line" several blocks distant from
the plant The most serious clash rrl"""1"'
suited when strikers ai tacked a motor -Yluska
truck loaded with negro strike break- Arizona Coinm. ri ial
crs. The police guards retaliated with 1 American zinc ::
several .shots, wounding Ilomaii YVacb-' l;u"e Superior 4
asi ichky. who was ai rested. j """" "
More than Ion stevedores engaged
t,) load sugar on lio vessels tied up
here joined the longshoremen's strike
todav.
f.l'...
12'..
If
out.
liegin treating your kidneys atlmce:
1st? a prcnen kidney ieiiitil.
None endorsed like I loan's Kidney
Pills.
Kocommended by thousands.
Proved bv Pisliee testimonv.
.lames Pay. School Hill. :ishcc.
says: "I suffered r,nu backache)
headaclies and bladder trouble. My i
ankles were swollen and I was in bad,
shape, when I began taking I loan's)
Kidney Pills. Alter using several
boxes, the backache loft, the swelling!
went down and I felt better all over."
Price M'c. at all dealers. iHm't
simply ask for a kidney remedy gei
1 loan's Kidney Pills the same thot
; Mr. Pay had. Foster-Milburn Co..
i PiAii., r.ullalo. X. Y.
I (.Ydw rtiM-mi tit.)
COLLINS
and
IJRETHERTON
Specializing in
JEhOkIE
AND
Oatman
Stocks
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
HOGS $13 PER HUNDRED
uif.;. F-h. -'. Hogs M.id . i 1 1 1
HI llC trill el l:l a bundled polllKl.:
it Hie I'nioii Sloik Yards yesterday.,
the highesl price paid in I he hiMory
o the Chicago market.
Slock yards cominissioii men csli
iM.ilcd that lliero is a shortage ol
I.iiiiii.fMin , ig.. at II. e e'l'ifii principal
OFFICES:
Bi&bee
Douglaa
( Cloba .
Jerome
Prescott
Phoenix
P. O. BOX 279
Direct Wire Connection with
Jerome and All Our Offices.
R. ALLYN LEWIS
. . COPPER QUEEN HOTEL. BISBEE.
JOHN A. CAMPBELL. Manager.
BONDS, STOCKS, INVESTMENTS
Orders Executed for Cash or on Proper Margin
E. F. hLtton 4. Co "s Prlvata
leased Wl-e to All Exchanges
CORRESPONDENT
E. F. Hutton & Co,
MemLers New York
Stock Exchang
TELEPHONE
135 4
SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 24, 1917.
I
i
3
n
-4
1
1
r :5
tr-t
3
r;
FJ
21
K.3
t
The M
an From Ray Says:
Some of you -readers are making a mistake in not taking advantage of the
opportunities offered by the THREE RAYS I refer to the Ray Consolidated;
the Ray Hercules and the Arizona Ray some of you have taken advantage of the
opportunity have some of the shares.
Fn a last week's issue of this paper, we said buy Ray Consolidated selling
around $25.00, now selling at $27.00. paying $4.00 a share dividend practically
a 1 5 per cent investment. Ray Hercules sold on our last advice at $4.00, now
$4 1 8 bid, at $4 1 4. Arizona Ray has shown a strong market.
We quote the following from the Los Angeles Sunday Times under the
financial column, written by their able financial writer:
' Development work on ARIZONA RAY claims at Ray is being
pushed and sincere endeavor is being made to turn the property into a
real mine. ARIZONA RAY advances half a point, and many brokers
are expecting an upward movement on this copper stock shortly."
The 'whole Arizona copper market has now taken a turn for the better.
Magma is now $50'2 at $51, which shows practically $1 advance in a week.
Tiiis stock is a buy at $60.
Arizona's metal output In 1916 was $203,000,000, and over 95 per cent
was copper. This tremendous gain in production is shown by these facts:
Production in 1911 . . . .$ 44,000,000 Production in 1914 $ 59,000,000
Production in 1912 67,000,000 Production in 1915 90,000,000
Production in 1913 70,000,000 Production in 1916 203,000,000
What the production will be in 1 91 7 is hard to estimate, rjut it is safe to say
it will be at least 25 per cent to 50 per cent greater than 1916.
FEBRUARY PRICE OF COPPER 1916, 27c
FEBRUARY PRICE OF COPPER 1917, 37c
A 40c copper is predicted at once, because the output is practically over
sold for the next six months.
Arizona offers opportunities in new properties, which will .come into a pro
ducing stage, far surpassing any other state in the Union.
The total dividends of record paid by Arizona copper producers to date
amount to $225,000,000.
The State of Arizona has a total of male inhabitants of 75,000 of which 40,
000 are employed in mining and ore reduction. The wages paid are estimated at
$40,000,000. The producing properties allow their employes a bonus on the ad
vance of copper. Arizona people appreciate the possibilities in Arizona copper
stocks and invest their savings in well located well financed and well managed
junior coppers.
xrizona Ray at 11 '2C k lne Opportunity in Arizona of the Junior Coppers
rf7
:..::. I V
. :.. V-:
I :.. ' (V .fit. i. CV" li-iwmr.
a cay com mo.
WHY?
Pecause it is due for a sensational advance. On the strength it the Ray coppers and others ad
vances. H if' od for an advance to 17c to 29c: on tlie strength of a new strike on Copper Zone No. 7.
whore the drill is already in the schist according to a telephone message from Supt. Macdonald yester
day, should put the stock above its former price of 31c.
The company owns 170 acres has no debts is operating three churn drills lias spent $35,0111) in
development has had the proven ore bodies reported on by four reliable engineers--managed ,v Kngi
r.eer Frederick K. Young, who spends ten days on the property per month.
We will deliver
100 shares for $11.50, plus 1 per cent commission
500 shares for 57.50, plus 1 per cent commission
1000 shares for 115.00, plus 1 per cent commission
These shares are listed on the San Francisco Stock Exchange: on the Lcs Angeles Stock F.x
change and r.re traded in on all Curb markets. Yesterday's market showed the stock at lOc to 11c bid.
at ll'.c and 12c. There is less than 25.000 shares, we esliinuie, that can be bought oil the market
under irc. except the slock we have on hand, which we have bought.
Twelve Payment Plan
In order to discourage margin accounts and buyer 30-day contracts on this stock, we will sell,
guaranteeing ihe delivery, to any one ordering from this advertisement and cutting out the coupon.
Arizona Kay on a basis of half a cent almve the market, giving the subscriber twelve months in which
to complete his payments. If the investors require it we will place the stock in any bank subject to 1m
ing delivered on completion of the payments.
On this basis we will sell
500 shares for $
1,000 shares for
2,000 shares for
3,000 shares for
5.000 shares for
10,000 shares for
120, $ 10 down,
60, $ 5 down, $ 5 per month
10 per month
20 per month
30 per month
60 per month
100 per month
240, $ 20 down,
360, $ 30 down,
600, $ 60 down,
1200, $100 down,
This offer is subject to withdrawal without notice is subject to advance and is only good for a
limited amount of slock. No conditions or strings tied to the otter. You are at liberty lo sell it on an
ad-.encin market, if yr.u desire, and we agree not to call you for margin, as it is not a margin trans
ition it is simply a contract whereby you agree to purchase, making your payments in twelve months,
and for tarrying the account we get half a cent abve the market.
W. L. Wilson & Co.
BROKERS
115 North First Avenue
Phoenix, Arizona
COITON:
l'lease mail me. without charge, maps, engi
neers' report, prospectus and full particulars on
Arizona Kay Copper: also free Arizona Miner.
Name
1!. R.
COl'I'ON:
l'lease enter my order for
shares of Arizona Kay. I band you herewith
$ as full payment (part payment).
1 agree to pay the balance at the rate of
$ per month. You mail certificate
to Bank at
where I wiil
make the payments.
Name
Address
Cf you want us to keep the stock for you in our
safe cross cut the above.)
B. R
LEGAL NOTICCS
. n.. c. s. s. n. n. & m.
1;' F,. 7fil'.2 feet: thence
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
l S. l-niil Oflie at Phoenix, Ari
zona. Feb. 1!. 1!tl7.
NOTICF. is hereby given that John
F. Ashworlh. of Oarces, Ariz., who, on
December 17, l&l", made Homestead
Kntry. No. 023970. for Lots 1. 2, and
S!. NK4. section . Tp. 23 S.. It. 21
Kast O. and S. It. Mer.. and on May
2S, 1914, made Additional II J. Entry,
No. !2.'191 f.)r the SEV; of Sec
tion C, Township 2?. S., Range
21 East, G. and S. R. Meridian,
has filed 'notice ot Intention tt make
final three year Proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor, I. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee, Ariz., on the 19lh
day of April. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Carl N. Carlson, of Hereford. Ariz.;
Cieorge II. Allwood.tif Hereford. Ariz.:
Roy A. Newman, of Carces, Ariz.;
Caleb A. Newman, of Hereford. Ariz.
J. u inviN,
Register,
i First publication Feb. 21, 1917.
j Last publication March 22, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
j V. S. Laud Office at Phoenix. Ari
I zona, Feb. 19, 1911
NOTICE is hereby given that Homer
i R. Fike, of Naco, Ariz., ho, on May
j 4. 1912, made H. E. 014449 for Vl,4
NEU. NV SE',4. and SE XV4.
j section 1. Tp. 24 S., R. 22 East vi.
and S. R. Mer., and on May 19, 1915,
.made additional homestead entry No.
027446 for X NV and SW NWU.
and XV4 SWVi. Section 1, Township
24 S Range 22 East. C. and S. R.
! Meridian, has filed notice of intention
'to make final live year Proof, to
'establish claim to the land above de
' scribed, before Jared T). Taylor, V. S.
' Commissioner, at Bisbee, Ariz., on the
j 19th day of April, 1917.
j Claimant names C" witnesses:
I John H. Hughes. Jacob C. Baker,
i Joel H. Allen, William A. White, all
Kt Hereford. Ariz.
J. L. 1RVIX.
Register.
First publication Feb. 21. 1917.
j- Last publication March 22. 1917.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
U. S. PATENT.
FOR
V
Mineral Survey Xo. ?208.
Serial Xo. 031H 6.
Feb. 10. 1917.
In the United States Land Office,
Phoenix, Arizona.
X'otiee is hereby given that Baptist
Caretto, owner of an undivided one
half interest. Allen D. Fair, owner ot
an undivided one-quarter interest and
Ralph A. Ziesenier. owner of an un
divided one-quarter interest, whose
postoffice addresses are Bisbee, Ari
zona, have made application for patent
for the foltowins named lode mining
claims, situated in the Warren Min
ing District, Cochise County, Arizona,
in Section 19 and 30, Township 23-S,
Rnnge 25-E. and unsurveyed. Sections
24 and 2f.. Township 23-.S., Range 21 E.
G. & S. R. B. & M., described as fol
lows, to-wit:
"BELLE MONTE" Begining at cor
ner No. 1. the N. E. Corner, whence
the W. Corner of Section 19. T. 23-S.
R. 25-E. Cm. & S. R. B. & M. bears W.
r.9" 48' E. 1968.9 feet: thence S. 29"
48' W,. 70.70 feet to corner No. 2:
thence N. 72 05' W, 1524.80 feet to
corner Xo. 3: thence N. 29 48' E,
538.40 feet to corner Xo. 4; thence S.
54 19' E. 1500 feet to corner Xo. 1,
the place of beginning, containing a
net area of 6.763 acres, expressly ex
cluding area in conflict with Survev
Xo. 2390, High Flyer lode, of 3.669
acres.
"GREEX LEAF XO. 2" Beginning
at corner Xo. 1. the X. E. Corner,
whence the W. V Corner of Section
19. T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M..
bears X. 30 38' E. 279.4 feet; thence
South. 603.40 feet to corner Xo. 2:
thenc X. 83 46' W. 1500 feet to cor
ner Xo. 3: thence Xorth. 603.40 feet
to corner Xo. 4: thence S. 83' 46' E.
1500 feet to corner Xo. 1, the place
tf beginning, containing a net area of
18.267 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Survey Xo. 2256 Osce
ola lode, of 0.448 acres, and with Sur
vey No. 3180 O OM Paul lode, of 1.272
acres, and with Green Leaf Xo. 3, of
0.668 acres.
"MARCONI" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the X. E. corner, whence the
W U Corner of Section 19. T. 23-S.
R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears N.
9 35' E. 855.7 feet: thence South.
555.90 feet to corner Xo. 2; thence N.
72 47' W. 359.80 feet to corner Xo. 3:
thence X. 65 59' W. 771.50 feet to
corner Xo. 4; thence Xorth. 250 feet
to corner Xo. 5: thence S. 83 46' K.
1054.70 feet to corner Xo. 1, the place
of beginning, containing a net area
of 7.701 acres, expressly excluding
area in conflict with Green Leaf No.
3. tf 2.022 acres, and Bar Bullion, of
0. 353 acres.
"GREEX LEAF XO. 3" Beginning
at corner Xo. 1. the S. E. Corner,
whence the X. W. Corner of Section
30. T. 23-S. R. 25-E. C. At S. R. B. & M.
bears S. 41 02' E. 1118.8 feet: thence
Xo. 51 20' W. 127900 feet to corner
Xo. 2: thence X- 29 4S' E. 600 feet
to corner No. 3; thence S. 51 20' E.
1279.00 feet to corner Xo. 4: thence
S. 29" 48' W. 600 leet to corner No.
1. the place Of beginning, containing
a net area of 12.158 acres, expressly
excluding area in conflict with Sur
vey Xo. 3173, Morning Star lode, of
0.427 acres, with Bar Bullion, of 0.401
acres, and with Mineral Farm Xo. 1,
of 4.420 acres.
"MINERAL- FARM NO. 1." Begin
ning at corner Xo. 1, the X. E. Corner,
whence the N. W. Corner of Section
h) T nT It
bears S. 46)
S. 26' 26' V. 71900 feet in corner
No. 2: thence X. 3 06' W. 1482.60
feet I'.) corner No. 3; thence N. 26
26' K. 719 00 feel, to corner No. 4;
thence S. HO' tit; ' K. 14S2.60 feet t..
corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 15.7S1 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Bar Bullion, of 4.63 acres.
"GREEN LEAF NO. 1." Beginning;
at corner No. 1. Ihe X. W. Corner,
whence the W. V corner of Section ;
19. T. 22-S. R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M.
bears Xo. 30 38' E. 279.4 feet; thence
jS. S3 46' E. 603.40 feet to corner i
jXo. 2: thence South. 1454.00 feet to1
corner Xo. 2: thence X. 83" 46' W. !
603.40 feet to corner No. 4; thence I
I North 1454.00 feet to corner No. 1, the
: place of beginning, containing a net
area of 20.022 acres.
I "BAR BULLION". Beginning at ror
ner Xo. 1. the S. E. corner, whence
the S. W. Corner tf Section 19. T.
j 23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. fc V.
'bears X. 70" 26 E. 584.3 feet; thence
IN. 59' 01' W. 600 feet to cMrner Xo.
2; thence X. 24 20' E. 1500 feet to
comer Xo. 3; thence S. 59 01' E.
1 600 feet to corner Xo. 4: therce S.
1 24 20' W. 1500 feet to corner Xo. 1.
i Ihe place of beginning, containing a
ini t area of 19.472 acres, expressly ex
cluding area in conflict with Green
'Leaf No. 1, tf 0.970 acres; and with
Survey Xo. 3174, William Penn lode,
of 0.080 acres.
, "TRILBY". Beginning at corner Xo.
1, the S. E. Corner, whence the X. W.
, Corner of Section 30, T. 23-S. R. 25-E.,
G. & S. R. B. & M. bears X. 4' 6' E.
r 505.7 feet; thence X. 59 01' W. 600
feet to corner Xo. 2; thence X. 24 20'
: E. 1500 feet to corner Xo. 3; thence
S. 59 01' E. 600 feet to corner NU
4; thence S. 24' 20 W. 1500 feet to
corner No. 1. the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 19.463 acres,
.expressly excluding area in conflict
with Green Leaf No. 1, of 1.059 acres.
' "MINERAL FARM XO. 2" Begin
ning at corner Xo. 1, the X. W. Cor
ner, whence the X. W. corner of Sec
: tion 30. T. 23-S. R. 25-E., G. & S. R P.
'& M. bears X. 87 58' E. 827.8 feet:
j thence S. 59 01' E. 1500 feet ti tur
ner Xo. 2; thence S. 25 32' 30" W.
1 296.00 feet to corner Xo. 3; thence N.
i68 31' W. 1498.50 feet to corner Xo.
A; thence X. 25 32' 20" E. 446.70
jfeet to corner Xo. 5; thence X. 26
I 26' E. 97.70 feet to corner No. 1, the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 14.419 acres,
t ' MIDWAY XO. 1". Beginning at cor
ner Xt. 1, the X. W. corner, whence
'the W. V corner of Section IS, T.
23-S. R. 25-E., G. & S. R. B. & M. bears
3. 29 26' W. 670.9 feet; thence S.
59 01' E. 654.50 feet to corner Xo.
2; thence S. 5 44' W. 1500 feet to
corner Xo. 3; thence X. 59 1' W.
654.50 feet to corner Xo. 4 ; thence X.
a 44' E... 1500 feet to corner
l Xo. 1, the place of beginning, con
taining a net area of 14.974 acres.
' expressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey Xo. 2455, Burro Shoe
I lode of 1.405 acres, and with Green
j Leaf Xj. 1, of 4.005 acres,
j "MIDWAY XO. 2." Beginning at
i corner Xo. 1. the N. W. corner, whence
Uhe W. 4 Corner of Section 19, T.
i 23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. & M.
Bears S. 74 29' W. 924.6 feet; theuce
jS. 59 01' E. 662.00 feet to corner No.
!2: thence S. 5 44' W. 1500 feet to
corner Xo. 3; thence X. 59 01' W.
662.00 feet to corner Xo. 4; thence
X. 5 44' E. 1500 feet to corner Xo.
j 1, the place of beginning, containing
ja net area of 20.618 acres.
! "CASH ENTRY XO. 2". Beginning
j at corner Xo. 1, the N. W. Corner,
! whence the W. li Corner of Section
j 19, T. 23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. & M.
I bears X. 86 20' W. 1461.4 feet;
thence S. 59 01' E. 662.00 feet to
corner Xo. 2: thence S. 5 44' W. 1500
feet to corner Xo. 3; thence X. 59
01' W. 662.00 feet CO corner Xo. 4:
thence X. 5 44' E. 1500 feet to corner
Xo. 1, the place of beginning, contain
ing a net area of 20.618 acres.
"CASH ENTRY NO. 1." Beginning
at corner Xo. 1, the S. W. Corner,
whence the S. W. Corner of Section
19. T. 23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. &
M.. bears S. 26 16' W. 1042.3 feet:
thence Xorth 685.10 feet to corner
Xo. 2; thence S. 59 01' E. 1500 feet
to corner Xo. 3; thence StMith. 6S5.10
feet to corner Xo. 4; thence X. 59
01' W. 1500 feet to corner Xo. 1, the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 20.22B acres.
The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the office of the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
Bar Bullion, Recorded In Book 52,
Record of Mines, page 131.
Belle Monte, Recorded in Botk 52.
Record of Mines, page 137.
Cash Entry Xo. 1, Recorded in Book
52, Record of Mines, page 139.
Cash Entry Xo. 2., Recorded in Boiik
54. Record of Mines, page 286.
I Green Leaf No. 1, Recorded in Book
52, Record of Mines, page 132.
Green Leaf Xo. 2, Recorded in Book
52, Record of Mines, page 133.
j Green Leaf Xo. 3, Recorded in Blok
152, Record of Mines, page 134.
j Trilby. Recorded in Book 52, Rec
lord of Mines, page 130.
Mineral Farm No. 1. Recorded in
Book 52, Record of Mines, page 128.
Mineral Farm No. 2. Recorded in
Book 52. Record of Mines, page 129
Midway No. 1. Recorded in Book
52. Record of Mines, page 135.
Midway Xo. 2. Recorded in Book
52. Record of Mines, page 136.
Marconi. Recorded in Book 52. Rec
ord "of Mines, pagP 138.
The names of the adjoining claims
of this survey are: On the North:
Survey Xo. 31S0. O OM Paul lode.
Survey Xo. 2256, Osceola lode. Survey
Xo. 2455, Jack Robinson lode and Burro
Shoo lode, unsurveyed claims, claims 7S" 57' E. 3S1.25 feet the pl-ce of be
am! claimant' mil noun. 'tinning, excluding, however, from
On the Fa t: ("nsnrveved claim.i. 1 cuirt described area ft.rtiM aires in
churns and claimant.; uiikno.vn. Lit- j f onfli. I w ith "Macomb" lod-. Survey
tie Dandy arl Garibaldi IMes. nn.- ur- j -tl IS'K; al ;o .- acres in conflict
ver'' wilh "Golden Gale" lode. Snrve No.
On the South: Victor, unsurveyed. j "
Survey No. 1.1. William Penn lode..
Survey Xo. 2'CS. Grover lode. Survey
No. 3173. Morning Star lode. Survey :
No. 22SO Omega lode.
On th,. West: Survev No. 2300. High
Flyer lode an. I ivt House lode.
J. L. IRVIN".
Register.
First publication Feb. 13, 1917.
Last publication April 26. 1917.
The net area of said "Midcet" lode,
for wbirb patent is)p'ied. exclusive
of said areas in conflict is 0 26 acres.
The adjoining an? conflicting claims
are the "Hendricks." Sirrvey No. 2'o;
I Tr-.... " 0...-..,.. 1'.
. I . .no. j--t,
"Golden Gate," Survey Xo. S43;
"Macomb." Survey Xo. lSf6; "Back
Pone." Survey No. 13S7; and "Twh
J light." Survey No. 13S7.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. LAND OFF.CE at Thornix.
Arizona, Feb. 10. 1917.
Any and nil persons claiming in
versely the mining ground, vein. lode,
premises, or any portion tVreof. so
desrribrd, surveyed, plnttcil and ap-
Notice is hereby given that W. Jar-1 Plied for. are hereby notified that un
nb McAllister, of Burna. Arizona, who. ; ,pss teir adverse claims are d'lly
on Feb. 4. 1913. made Homestead En-; fiW. according to lnw and the resrula
rv No. 021106. for SE' Section 6. ,tions thereunder, within the time pre
Township 22S.. Range 21E.. G. & S. R. : scribed by law. with the Register of
Met idian. has filed not ii e of intention ! 'he United States Iind Oftieo. at
to make Three Year Final Proof, to , Phoenix. Maricopa County. Arizona,
establish claim to the land above de-i 'iev will be barred by virtue of th
sectibed. before Jared P. Taylor. U. Provisions of said statute.
s. Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona.! J- L. IRVIN.
on the 29th day of March. 1917. 1 Register of the ''niieil Statei
Claimant names as witnesses: : Land Oft'ice. Phoenix. Arizona.
First Publication Feb. V 1917.
Last Publication -nril 24. 1917.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
In th County o Cochise,
State of Arizona
In the Matter of the Estate and
Guardianship of Ellen Cunningham.
Marv I. Cunningham. Florence Cun
ningham. M. J. Cunningham. Jr.. Fran
cis Cunningham and William Cun
ningham. Minors.
Order to Show Cause Whv Or
dT of Sale of Real Estat" Should
NM be Made. t
IT APPEARING TO THIS COrRT.
hv the petition this dav presented and
Ed. Bryan. Cassius R. Knoles. Paul
II. Knoles. Oliver Fry, all of Buena.
Arizona.
J. L. IRVIX. Register.
First Publication Feb. 13. 1!17.
Last Publication March 29. 1917. I
TX IHE UNITED STATES LAND '
OFFICE.
Thoenix. Arizona. Feb. 10. 1917. '
Notice of Aonlication fcr Patent Sur- i
vev No. 1898. Serial No. 031241. j
Xotice is hereby given that Conner j
Oueen Consolidated Mining Company, i
a cornorntion organized under the
i w,.- .-..., . .or. .i..ijfiw by M. j Cunningham. Guardian
Ipwfully engaged in the transaction th nprs()n, flni tnt9 nf ,n
of its corporate business in the State ahovp nan)p(, tjiat ,t Jg fw fhft
or Arizona, by G. II. Doweil. its Gen-. ut interests or the estate, of the
eral Manaeer and Attorney ii Fact, 'above named minors to sell the whole
whose post office address is Douclas. ' 0f the rr-al estate of said minors, in
CocHse County, Atizonrr. has made 1 order ttiat the proceeds tcrff nay
annlieation for patent for the "Hava-. be invested in some productive stock
na" lode, situate in Warren Mining j or put out at interest
District. Cochise Countv, State of Ari- ; IT IS THFRFFOP.E ORDERFD P.Y
ona. and is more fmlv described as' THIS COURT: That all person in
to metes ami bounds by the official ! terested in the estate of sai.I minor
nlat herewith posted, and bv the field appear before the said Superior Owf
notes of survey thereor. fi'ed in the on Saturday, the loth day cf March.
office of the Register of the United
States Land Office, at Phoenix. Arizo
na, which field notes or survey de
serjhe the boundaries and extent of
said claim on the surface, with mag
netic variation of 12' 30' Eat as follows:
A. D. 1!17. at the hour of 10:00 o'clock
a. m.. of said day. a the court room
of said Court, at the court house In
the city of Tombstone. Cochise Coun
ty. State of Arizona, to show cause
why an order should not be granted
to said petitioner, to sell so much of
"Havana" Lode ' 1 ecvie as snail ne nece.
Beginning at Cor. Xo. 1. whence U. ' sarv En'1 that a c0 of this on!pr b"
S. M. M. Xo. 1. Warren Mining pis. I "'Wished four successive weeks in the
msoee i'a:iy ueview. a newspaper
trict bears S. S' 11' E. 2173.3 feet:
thence X. 7S 12' W. 254.4 feet to
Cor. No. 2: thence S 10 33' W.
252.4 feet to Cor. No. 3: thence S. 7S
12' K 21.1 feet to Cor. Xo. 4: thence
X. 0 56' W. 215.4 feet to Cor. Xo. 5:
thence X. S4 34' E. 43.8 feet to Cor.
Xo. 1. the place of beginning, excl'id- j
ing. however, from said described
area the area of .057 acres in con-1
flirt with "Webster" lode.
1?!7.
nrinttd and published in the said
County of Cochise.
Dated February 3rd. l'tlT.
ALFRED C. LOCKAVOOD.
Judge of the Superior Court.
First publication Feb. 8. 1D17
NOTICE FO? PUBLICATION
Department nf the Inferior
r. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix.
Survey j Arizona. Feb. 10. 1917.
Notie is berSv ci'cn tnaf Rov
The not area of said "HavnnV lode, nve. of Hc-nri-d. Arizona, who. on
for which patent is inp!ied. exclusive ' Anril 30 101?. Trn1e Tf.vresoa 1 En
of area in conPict with "Webster" Irv No. 0'?"S. f.r XE':. Section 12.
lode. Survev 13S7 i? 1.313 acres. i Townshin CSS.. Ranee 21E.. G. Jt S.
The adioining and conflicting claims ! R Meridian bas tiW noti"o of inten
are the "Molvina" lode. Purvey Xo. 1 tion to rnnke Three Year Final Proof.
950; "Conner King" lode. Survey Xo. j to establish claim to th land above
375: "Webster" lode. Survev Xo. ! ('esnhod. befc.re ,Tnrd D Tavlor. U.
13S7
No.
: and
12S7.
Al Hassen" lode. Survey i 5 Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona.
I r, tv,o ?nh dnv of March. 1917.
Any and all persons c'aiminsr ad- i CHi"nt npmos as witnesses;
verselv the mining ground, vein. lode. Vnv Snerow. Slmmsn ,T. Beals. John
premises, or any portion thereof. ! ""tn-'ifv. and George W. Longley. all
so described, surveyed, platted and j f Hereford. Arizona,
annlied for. are herebv notified thaf J. L. TRV'V. Fe-Mter.
inless their adverse claims-are duly j "i'ct Tuhtirt;0n eb. 13 1917.
filed, according to law and the regu- j Last Publication March 29 1917
'ations thereunder, within the lime IN THF SUdFRIOR COURT OF THE
STATE OF ARIZONA. IN
AND FOR THF COUN
TY OF COCHISE.
nresorihed bv law. with the Register
of the Urited States Land Office, at j
Phoenix. Maricopa Countv, Arizona, !
fhpy will be barred by virtue of the
provisions of said statute. In the Matter of the Guardianship
J. L. IKVTV. j of the Estate of George Edgar Haw-
Register of the United State ! kins, a Minor.
Land Office. Phoenix. Arizona.; Order to show cause why order
First Publication Feb. 13. 1917. j of "l" of real estate should cot
Last Publication April 24. PM7. ; made.
! IT APPFXRIVG TO THIS COURT.
IN THE UNITED STATES LAND bv the petition this dav presented and
OFFICE ; filed hv R. A Hretherron. Guardian or
Phoenix. Arizona. Feb. 10. 1017 the Person and Estate of George
Notice of Aonlication for Patent. Pir j Fdgar Hawkins, a minor, that it is
vey No. 1920. Serial No. 03124.?. necessary to sell the whole of the real
Xotice is hereby given that the Cop-1 estate of said minor, for the reaaon
per Queen Consolidated Mining Com-j that he has no other rropertv. real or
pany. a corporation organized under personal, and that the property y'elds
the laws of the State of New York.'"0 Income whatever and said miliar
and InWfully engaged in the transact- income from anv other source:
ion of Its corporate business In the j An'' 'at necessary o sell the
State of Arizona, bv G. H. Doweil. its r1 mi0's undivided thirteen-fort
General Manager, ami Attorney in . ich,s tcr,t in and to the
Fact, whose post office address is!"Ii,,1, Casino" lode Mining Claim.
Douglas. Cochise Countv. Arizona. ! " tnP b arren Mining Pi,
has made application for patent for i ri t. C, lrse Countv. Arizona.
I I l I 'I r lip M ilir IM IK HI HY
THIS COI RT: That all persons inter
ested in the estate of said Minor ap
pear before the said SuperP.ir Court
the "Midget' lode, situate in W'nrren i
Mining District. Cochise County, j
State of Arizona, and is more fully
described as to metes and bounds by
the official plat herewith posted, ami I
bv the field notes of survey thereof.
filed In the office of the Register of
the United States Land Office, at ',
'hoenix. Arizona, which field notes
of survey describe the boundaries and
extent of said claim on the surface.
on Saturday the 10th dav of March.
A. D. 1017. at the honr of 10 00 o'clock
A. M.. of satrt day. at the Court room
of said Court at the Court house in
the City or Tombstone. Cochise County
5'ate of Arizona, to show cause why
in order should not be granted to the
said petitioner to sell so much of the
with magnetic variation of 12 30' ; rpnl M),,. h.M h
East as follows:
"Midget" Lode
Reginning at Cor. No. 1. whence U.
S. M. M No. 4. Warren Mining Dis
trict bears S. 78 OK' E. 4I62S feet;
thence N. 34 36' W. 74 5 feet to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 80 51' W. 3S7.1 feet
to Cor. No. 3: thence S. 34 36' E
SS.53 feet to Cor. Xo. 4; thence N.
and that a ropy of this Order be pub
lished four success! weeks in the
riishee paily Review, a newspaper
printed anil published in the said
Cnur.ty of Cochise.
Dated February 3rd. 1917.
ALFRED C. I.OCKWOOD.
Judge of the Superior Court
First publication Feb. 8, 1917. THE BISBEE DAILY- REVIEW, SATURDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 24, 1917.
SEVEH
i
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under ttoJ iead at the rate of 1 cent per word for eacb
8cs wltb a minimum chary of 25 cent. Advertisements mnst reach Tht
1evt..w offic not lter than 6 p. m. for Insertion In the nett morning paper
Wanted
WANTED A dishwasher at Stag
Club.
32
Would buy malachite and azurite. Box
208 Bisbee.
WANTED Chambermaid at Stag
Club. 750 j
WANTED Gentleman to take room
for rent. 1A Brewery Avenue. 8S
WANTED Finlander to do general
work. Inquire Harney Building.
655
WANTED A maid for general house
work and cooking. Phone 6S3. 30
WANTED A woman for genera!
' housework. Apply Mrs. Rodger P.
Pelton. 21 Quality Hill. "1
WANTED By young man, room and
board at private house. No bad
habits. Address H. B. P., Review.
64
WANTED Girl for housework in pri
vate home. Apply at Mrs. Fred
McQueen, two blocks east of C. &
A. office. Warren. 90
WANTED Two girls over 12 years
old for ushers every evening from
6 o'clock to 9:45. $3.50 per week.
Apply at New Lyric Bldg. 74
WANTTD A competent middle agea
woman to take charge of house,
must be able to read. Apply Mrs.
E. Burdick, 41 J. E. T. St., Johnson
Addition. S9
Furnished Room
FOR RENT One furnished house
keeping room, S5 Main Street. 54
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms, 49 O. K. Street. 69 j
FOR RENT Rooms furnished forj
batching. Custom House. 73 j
FOR RENT Cabin suitable for two
104 Youngblood Hill. Mrs. Lanoy.
61
FOR RENT Furnished room for one
or two gentlemen. 97C Vounpblood
Hill. Phone Red 530. 65 !
FOR RENT Two room cement house
furniture for sale. Inquire at 39 O.
K. St. Saturday and Sunday from j
10 to 4. 9"
FOR RENT Three rooms furnished
for housekeeping. Johnson Addition
Montana Street, No. 35, next street
above Naco road in front of soda
works. ' 68 ;
PROFESSIONAL CARDS j
I
L. B WHITNEY, Lawyer. Rooms E- i
Allen Block. Open evenings. Phone
547 (109)
JUST OPENED ANTLERS HOTEL
over Gilman's jewelry store. Every
thing new throughout. Rooms by
day or week. 53
THE MOOSE HOTEL (Old Kinney
House) Furnished rooms $2 per
week and up. with gas: also light
housekeeping rooms 178
FIRST-CLASS painting or paper hang
ing by day work or contract. H.
Johnson & Co., phone Blue 764.
Postoffice box 1715. 107
P. J. McCuIlough, contractor. Phone i
20. Box 934. Excavating, retain-1
ing walls, concrete houses, wells j
and mining work is my specialty !
221 ;
Toothache can be prevented by fol- i
lowing simple instructions. Call at
my office for free booklet, J. F. j
Teufert, D. D. S., Maze Building. ;
92 '6 tuooy !
Miscellaneous
Will tailor from Butte call Ileino &
Kean Johnson Addition, Satur
day? 100
Learn actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A., Los Angeles. Cat
alogs free. 95J
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for all
kinds of work in our line. Pat Clea
rv mnnfleor Rnx 1495 Phone 720
High grade portraits, up to date
frames. E. Bushong, Bailey Hotel.
Box 2149. 281
PETEY DINK One Would
T?y golcV. Theses a gvpl
VFTerZ My OWM MEftT
SHE'S WOT ALC Do (.LEO
OP LIKE TWE RFT eves
: )sJjtmAL :
Positions Wanted
WANTED Position. Young married
man wants position as salesman In
furnishings or shoe store, 74 years
experience. Good references. Can
' write signs and trim windows. A.
L. K., Review. 75
LOST
'LOST California gold gentleman's
ring in front of Dispensary. Return
to Martin Stevens. 109A Castle
Rock. 52
For Sale.
FOR SALE Grocery store at Metz
stop. Address C. Reiffel, proprietor
27
FOR SALE Ford touring car with
extras cheap for cash. Mason black
smith shop, Lowell. 998
FOR SALE Ford touring car. See
H. Jourdon, Hood & Bledsoe gar
age, Johnson Addition. 22
FOR SALE A stripped Cadillac, per
fect condition, fully equipped, three
hundred dollars caBh. Call Phone
229. 62
FOR SALE Snap, Overland four-cylinder
touring car. Model 75. Bro
phy Garage & Supply Co. 72
pOR pLE Highest cash prices paid
for second hand furniture, stoves
"Inthlnr and tool TTncle Jlro'
Rrewerr Gnlch 31
FOR SALE New Washburn piano,
bench and scarf, $250; $10 cash. $6
per month. No interest W. Mulr,
Next Wells Fargo. 368
FOR SALE $500 cash buys a nice
farm in St. Johns Co., Florida, 3
crops a year. Call No. 82 Jigger
ville. 17
FOR SALE Lots on Win wood Add.
An ideal location for families
Terms $10.00 down and $10.00 a
month. Mrs. Winwood, Winwood
Add. 1S4
FOR SALE Three room house and
bath, gas, electricity, water connec
tion. Jot 40x60. Price $1300, one
half cash, balance to suit purchas
er. Apply R. A. Clampitt. '' 23
FOR SALE cheap, big paying board
ing bouse, 80 boarders, kitchen,
pantry, dining and living room, sell
ing on account of ill health. Box
206 or D. F., care Review. 773
FOR SALE 2 lots in Salt Lake City.
Utah, good location close in, will
accent Ford auto as part payment,
balance monthly payments. For
particulars inquire F. J. Keogh, old
Mason shop, Lowell. 377
FOR SALF. One of the best homes
in the city. On West Boulevard,
upper Tombstone Canyon. For sale
large 5 roorrs hallway, bath and
back sleeping porch, home beauti
fully furnished inside, stone garage
18x24 feet, can stall 3 autos in same
Large lot, 15 fruit trees set out.
Call afternoons or Phone 483. B.
T. Watkins. 718
FURNITURE FOR SALE The John
son Addition Furniture Co. want!
to pay you the highest cash prices
for your second hand furniture. Al
so wants to trade or exchange you
new furniture for your old. We will
ell you furniture cheaper than
anybody on easy payments. Call
In at the big brick building at the
Tohnson Addition and let lis show
vou cur large and selected stock of
house furnishings, or phone us at
our store. Phone 385, Johnson Ad
dition Catarrh Cannot Be Cured
with LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as th-y
i annot reach the seat of the 'JlBeane. Ca
tarrh ia a blood or cunititutional diaease,
and in order to cure It you must lake in
ternal remedies. Hall's Catarrh Cure Is
taken internally, and acts directly upon
the Mood and mucou surface. Hall'
Catarrh Cure is not a quark medicine. It
was nresrribed by one of the best phy-
sii ians In this country for years and It (
a regular prescription. It Is composed of
the best tonics known, combined with the
bent blood purihers. n-tln? directly cn the
mu-ous surfaces. The perfect combina
tion of the two Inirredleiits Is what pro
duces such wonderful results In curing
cntnrrh. 8end for testimonials, free.
F. J. niENKV & CO.. Props.. Toledo. O.
"ld by lruRCisls. prV-f 7Br.
Take Hall's Family rills for constipation.
Never Have Thought It Was a
CARRANZA AND VILLA
FORCES FIGHTING TO
SOUTH OF BIG BEND
(By Review Leased Wire)
SAN ANTONI. Feb. 23. A report
on a fight between Carranza and Villa
troops south of Ruidosa was contained
in a dispatch today from Col. Joseph
Gaston at Marfa, commander of the
Big Bend patrol district, to southern
department headquarters. At the time
this message was filed fighting still
was in progress.
According to a report today from
Colonel H. G. Sickel, commanding the
Columbus district, the Carranza com
mander in the territory south of Col
umbus is attempting to place patrols
to protect the border against bands
operating against Salazar. American
patrol forces in this section were in
creased following the raid on the Cor
ner ranch.
Ride on the American Stage Line,
Bisbee to Douglas. Phone 366.
NOTICE OF SCHOOL BOND ELEC
TION Because, in our judgement, it is
deemed advisable so to do, we, the
undersigned Board of Trustees of
School District No. 2, County of Co
chise, State of Arizona, do hereby call
an election to be held on Saturday,
March 24th, 1917, in a certain build
ing situated in the City of Bisbee,
County of Cochise, State of Arizona,
within said School District, known as
the Central School Building, for the
purpose of submitting to the qualified
voters at said Election, whether the
bonds of said School District shall be
issued and sold to raise money for
the following purposes:
1. For the purpose of construct
ing, equipping and furnishing a school
building to be located upon a site to
be selected by said Trustees within
the town of Warren in said District,
and Improving the grounds thereof.
2. For the purpose of constructing,
"quipping and furnishing a school
building to be located upon a site to
be selected by said Trustees In Upper
Tomb&tone Canyon in said District,
and Improving the grounds thereof.
3. For the purpose of making oth
er necessary repairs or additions to
the school buildings of said District,
is the Board of Trustees may deer.;
advisable.
4. For the purpose of purchasing
tnd improving additional grounds for
t-e schools of said District, or any of
them, as the Board of Tru?tees may
e'eem advisable.
Th! amount of said bonds shall be
One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100.
000.00) in the aggregate and shall con
sist of One Hundred (V) bonds of
the denomination of One Thousand
Dollars ($1,000) each and shall be
numbered from one to one hundred
inclusive and shall bear interest from
their date at the rate of Five per cen
tum per aunnm, payable semi-annually
in gold coin of the United States
of American, payable and maturing
as follows:
Numbers 1 to 10 inclusive, payable
and maturing in the year 1930.
Numbers 11 to 30 inclusive, payable
and maturing in the year 1931.
Numbers 31 to 50 inclusive, payable,
and maturing in the year 1932.
Numbers 51 to 70 inclusive, payable
and maturing in the year 1933.
Numbers 71 to 90 inclusive, payable
and maturing in the year 1934.
Numbers 91 to 100 inclusive, paya
ble and maturing in the year 1935.
John S. Williams, J. G. Pritchard
and O. R. Johnson are hereby nomi
nated and appointed by the under
signed as Judges for the purpose of
conducting said election and the elec
tion polls will be open between the
hours of 10 o'clock a. m. and 6 o'clock
p. m. of the day upon which said elec
tion will be held.
Instructions to voters will be post
ed according to law.
Dated at Bisbee. Arizona, this 23rd
day of February. 1917.
JOHN M. ROSS.
President.
C. H. HUNT.
Member.
c. a. Mcdonald.
Secretary.
Comprising the Board of Trustees
of School District No. 2. County of
Cochise. Stale of Arizona.
Ordinance No. 213.
AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE
INSTALLATION OF GAS IN
THE CITY OF
BISBEE.
SECTION 1. It shall be unlawful
for any person, firm or corporation to
install any gas pipe or gas fittings, or
to repair or t'j make any alterations
in. or addition to any gas pipe or gas
fitting installed in any building, or
to do any gas fitting work without
Grandmother
AijjT That vnce
SlTTlrJG Tmeke Amu
teu l tTTCE. BRoTM
first obtaining a permit trout the gas
inspector.
btiCTlON 2. For the purpose ol
this ordinance the Common c'.iuucii
may require the Ciiy i-lectrii iaii lu
perioral llie duties oi tias inspector,
ia which case no extra compensation
shall be allowed or paid said Citv
Electrician lor any inspection or serv
ice he may perloriu under the terms
thereof.
SECTION 3. RULES AND REGU
LATIONS. The lollowing rules and
regulations are liereoy preset ibed iVr
the construction, installation, repair
and alteration oi gas numg worn m
the City of iiisbce and all such work
shall be done in contorniity there
with before the tas inspector shall
grant a certificate of inspection tnere
tore as herein provided; and it shall
be unlaw Jul for any person, firm Ui
corporation to do any gas ntting work
in such a manner that the same snali
not conform to all of said rules am.
regulations and to all the provisions
of this ordinance.
Size of Gas Pipe.
(A). The sue 'of the as pipe used
shall vary with the length ot the pipe
and the required appliance or appli
ances served thereby in conformity
with the following table:
Estimated Service Capacities of Gas
Pipes of Different Lengths
and Diameters:
(Figures indicate cubic feet per hour).
Diam. of Length in feet
Pipe 3 6 9 12 l'
2ll 20 20 20 20
14 40 40 40 40 40
100 100 100 100 95
1 200 200 200 195 190
1 400 400 2S0 370 3ij0
li 500 490 485 4S0 475
Ft, 18
24
15
20
85
180
30
18
SO
175
300
450
80
130
220
:;20
40 50
75 70
165 160
2S0 260
440 4J0
100 125
100
2o0 175
300 250
"a
18
30
90
1 1S5
114 350 320
12 470 460
Ft 60
65
1 150
14 240
lVa 400
70
60
140
230
360
The above table represents estimat-l
ed capacities for gas pipes of different
lenghts and diameters. Not less than
pipe shall be used to supply out
lets rbr kitchen oven ranges, or for
other fuel appliances requiring more
than 48 cubic feet o j?aa per hour. In
no case shall the pipe supplying an
outlet be smaller than the connection
of the appliance.
(B). Drops, Drips and Outlets.
In all concealed work, drops and
drips shall either be bent or securely
fastened by a strap soldered to the pipe
No center light or drop shall be used
of smaller diameter than Where
drips are necessary, the end jf the
drip must be exposed and easy of ac
cess. Grate outlets and fireplace out
lets must not be less toan two inches
from bottom of fire-place. Drop pipes
and bracket outlets shall not project
through the ceiling or wall lines more
than one inch.
(C). Grades. Leaks, Etc.
All pipe shall be well secured and
grade toward meter where p'ossitile,
otherwise drip pipes .snail De used.
All risers more than six feet long
must have "TEES" on the bottom.
There must be no traps or aepies
sions in tne pipes where condensation
would remain. Pipes' must not be
filled with water to determine leaks.
Gas fitters cement, sealing wax or
other similar material shall not be
used to stop leaks. Union joiuts
shall not be used in conncealcd work,
but running thread connections 01
right and lett threads may be used. I
(D). Meter and Pilot Tags. I
In all buildings having more than
one (1) meter, the pipes must oe
tagged or numbered to designate the
room or apartment tor which they are
intended. All p'pes supplying gas to
appliances having a pilot burner must
be tagged at the shut-oil cfcck with
the word "PILOT".
(E). Gas Pipe Exposed.
Gas pipe for any purpose must not
be run beneath the iloor joist, except
where same is exposed. All gas pipe
laid in cement must be tar coated. A
stop-cock easy of access must be pro
vided at each meter.
(F). Extensions.
In all cases whore extensions art
to be made, each such extension shall
be taken from a Aint in the old line,
where the rule of sizes can be main
tained. and in no case shall the cv
tensiou be made from a pipe smaller
than such extension.
SECTION 4. GAS PIPE TEST. All
gas pipe and fittings must be tested
under an air pressure of not less than
ten (10) pounds to the square inch,
and all pipings and fittings thai! hold
said pressure not less than fifteen
(15) minutes without leaking: gas
fixtures must not he hung before test
is made. The test must he made
after all the piping authorized in the
permit has been installed, and before
such piiiing has b'n rovercd or com
cealcd. On all ("jncealed yas piping
the gas inspector shall make a final
test after the pipes have been con
cealed or covered.
Ail inspections shall be made by the
Kas inspector wnlnn iwenty-lour
hours alter notice is given. All tools,
labor ami assistance necessary ioi
makiny limpet l.i.u and test, must be
luinisheU by me peisjii. iuai o. cor
puation liamiri control 'ol such worK
to be tested.
SECTION 5. ORDERING REPAIRS.
When upon examination by the gas
inspector it appears that any gas
fitting work is detective, either in con
struction or material, the same snail
be altered or repaired to conform with
the regulations set lorth in this
ordinance.
SECTION 6. FINAL CERTIFICATE.
When any gas fittings or gas piping
for the installation or alteration 01
which a permit has been issued, shall
be found oil inspection to conform
with the provisions of this ordinance,
the gas inspector shall issue a certi
ficate o inspection, certifying Ua!
such piping has been inspected ana
found to conform to the provisions
hereof.
SECTION 7. UNLAWFUL USE. It
shall be unlawful for any person, firm
or corporation to use gas through any
pipe in any building, r to furnish or
supply gas through any piping that
has not been inspected ana appi'oved
by the gas inspector.
SECTION S. CONDEMNATION.
The gas inspector shall cause the sup;
ply ot gas to be shut on, when any
part of the gas pipe or fittings in or
about any building in the City of
bisbee is found to be in a condition
dangerous to life or property. The
gas inspector shall notify the 'owner,
tenant or occupant of such buiidmS
in which gas pipes are located to nave
the detects repaired, aud to refrain
from using such defective pipes until
same has Doea repaired and rendered
safe. ;
SECTION 9. FEES OF GAS INj
Sl'ECTOK. A fee ot one ($1) dollai)
shall be paid the city of Bisbee I01J
all gas tests up to lour (4) opening.--!
and twenty-five (25c) cents lor every
additional opening up to ten (10). and
fifteen (15c) cents lor each aud ever
opening until the said lee has reacheu
a maximum of five (5.0O) dollars.
Should any gas piping lean or not
conform to this ordinance, and tne
gas inspector be required to return, an
additional tee of tiny (50c) cents may
be ciiarged tor each time he is re
quired to return.
SECTION 10. PENALTY. Any
person, firm or corporation tailing,
neglecting, omitting or refusing to
comply with any of the terms, condi
tions or provisions of this ordinance
shall be deemed guilty ot a mis
demeanor, and upon conviction shah
oe lined in any sum not Uss Uian
five ($.'U'b) dollars and not more than
one hundred ($100.00) dollars, or shall
be imprisoner in the City Jail lor not
less than five (.) nays nor more than
tnirty (::o) days, or shall be punishec
oy bom such fine and imprisonment,
and each and every day that sucn
lailure, neglect, omission or refusal to
comply with the terms ot this ordin
ance shall continue snail be deemed
a separate offense aud subject the
party so offending to a like punish
meat.
It shall be deemed an offense tc
maintain on one's premises any gat
piping or gas fixtures that is not ii
compliance w ith the provisions of this
ordinance, and any person maintain
ing any such defective piping or fix
tures on his premises shall be line,
as herein provided.
SECTION 11. Nothing herein con
tained shall be construed 10 repea
any plumbing ordinance 0 the city
of Bisbee, but all ordinances or part
of ordinances in direct conflict here
with are hereby repealed.
Passed and adopted by the Mayoi
and Common Council this 20th day Oi
February. 1917.
Approved this 20th day of February
1917.
I. C. E. ADAMS,
Attest: Mavor.
M. L. BUTLER.
l iiy Clerk.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the interior,
U. S. I-ind office at Phoenix, An
zona, Feb. 19. 1317.
NOTICE is hereby given that Danie
McGowan. ol Hereford. Ariz., who. 01
January ti. i:il3, made Homestead Eh
try. No. OL't'i;::'.. tor the W',.. SW'4
section 5, and the E'-j SE'i. Seetiol
, lwtis!iip 21 S., Range 2-' East, (.
and S. i!. Meridian, has tiled notiie o
intention to make final three yea
Proof, to establish claim to the lan.
above described, before Jared I. Ta
lor. U. S. Commissioner, at Itisbei
Ariz., on the 12th day of April, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William Ryan, of Hereford, Ariz.
RMiard Todd, of Hereford. Ariz.: Day
P.m L. Cr;.h:im, of Hereford. Ari.; Hei
belt E. Cooper, of ISisbee, Ariz.
J. L. IUVIN.
Regi-ttT.
First publii at ion Feb. 21. 117.
Last publication March 22, 1917. ;
Hetlio Sohm,
is MTe 5ucvjtui-
C0J Trlu PKK-tTV
FicTUrir ?r
If-
- -.4-. T '1 VS, "-7
,1 ; -
i- 1 c K 1
-
..Lodge
WEEK ENDiNG FEBRUARY 24.
Monday
Tuesday
Friday
Saturday 3rd Degree
N. C. P.LEDSOE. W. M.
B. T. WATKINS, Secy. F. & A. M.
A. M. COLWELL. E. H. P.
C. F. PH1LBROOK, T. I. M.
J b VH.Y
F S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chapter
and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
CHARLES S. BEAR, Exalted Ruler.
R. B. COOVER. Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE, No. 10, I. O. O. F.
.Meets every
Fellows Hall.
Muin street at 7:00 p. ru. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
CARL V. NELSON, N. G.
G. A. PLUNKETT, Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 2ia
Meets in I. O.
O. F. Hall sec
ond and fourth
SATURDAY
at 7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend. GEO. Sf.EE.vlAN, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary.
P. O. Box 42ti, Bisbee.
NOTICE FOS PUBLICATION.
Department or the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at i'boeuix, Ari
zona, Feb. in, lbij.
Nol'lLE is iiereoy given that Adolph
C. Hinlers, Vl utreioru, Ariz., who,
on July 1, l'J12, made iiomesiead En
try, No. 1'1M.2, lor the SW t Of, Sec
lion 20. -ToAiiship 23 S., Range 2i
East, G. and S. R. Meridian, has tiled 1
notice of Intention to matte final three
ear i roof, to establish claim to the
land above described, before Jared L.
lay lor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bis
oee, Ariz, 'on the 20th day ot April,
1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Samuel C. Giles, of Hereford, Ariz.;
William F. Cowan, of Bisbee, Ariz.;
Edward Wilcox, of Hereford, Ariz.;
r'rank C. t'obbe, of Hereford, Ariz.
J. L. IKV1N,
Register.
First publication Feb. 21, It 17.
Lest publication March 22, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the interior,
U. S. Land Office at Phocaix, Ari
ona. Feb. 19. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that
Amanda Haverty, of Garces, Ariz..
a ho, on April 30. 1910. made Houie
tead Entry. No. Uit9l4. for NEV SEli.
oec. 3. Tp. 23 S.. R.. 20 East G. and
j. R. Mer.. aud on July 25, 1916,
nade additAmal H. E. O::o725 for S'
iW'U NE"t. N'.s NWV SE'i. Set
;on 3. Township 23. S.. Range 20
ast, G. and S. R. Meridian, has filed
lOtice of intention to make final rive
ear Proof, to establish claim to the
and above described, before Jared D.
Taylor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
vriz.. on the 21st day of April. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James E. Kelly, .lames W. Haverty,
.tit-hard K. Haverty,' O. Peter Haverty,
.11 of Garces, Ariz.
J. L. IUVIN,
Register.
First publication Feb. 21. H'17.
Last publication March 22. 1?17.
IF YOU DO SABE
ASK ART
ANYWAY
t Vj-?
J Ol
-.In '-y
1 t
I
Notices...
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No.
4bi nuet ts the 1st
and ;:rd Mondays
of ea :a montj at
7:30 at Odd Fel
lows' Hall. Vu
In? members cordially invited.
PHIL. DAVIS, President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
KATHERINE SALHOLM, Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
ft-
Meets every Friday night. Moose HalL
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
J. V. PETTEY, Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie. No. 175. F. O. E., meets
first and third MONDAYS. 8. p. m..
Eagles HalL Visitors cordially wel
come. RICHARD DAVIS. President.
M. D. COHEN. Aerie Physician,
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medigovicb
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month.
Visiting brothers wel
come. HOMER C. TREES. Councillor.
W. A. CUNNINGHAM. Recording Sec
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows Hall.
R. L. MOTZ. Consul.
H. F. MATHEV. SON.
Clerk.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple, No. 3. meets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows' Halt. Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
ANNA HA RT. M. E. C.
JEANET SWEENEY, M. of R. C.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
x'iL, Lowell Camp No. 45 wiU
meet 1st and 3rd Wed
r7 nesday at 7:io. Bronhy
. it U.V HalL
. J. L. WINTERS. C. C.
v' cv-V- O. B. THOMAS. Cler.
All Woodmen invited.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first and third
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
in Medigovich Hall. All
Tilting Red Men invited
to attend.
JOHN KELLY. Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Medic ne Man.
F. C. FENPERSON. C. of R.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in .v..-s. n !!..il
?"JN. Pp-1 Chapter. No. 6. nie;
n JS&L 'r' -asoni(' H-t" sceor.i a :J
fourth Tuesday of ea h
- month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS. W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box Sl. Bishee.
MRS JESSE BEVAN. Secy. P. O. BX
2299, Chairman Relief Com. Phone 647
KNIGHTS & LADIES OF SECURITY.
BISBEE COUNCIL. NO. 2115.
Meets every Thursday at Union
Hall. 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited. C. A. Clem. Pres.,
Box 1023 Pisbee.
Frederick J. Att iway. Sec I-cwci:.
E. Linquist, financier, box 3o24-, Low
ell; KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Ruthbone Lodge No. lf.
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
EARL SOU.LEY. C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM. K. ot R. S.
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets in Medigovich Hall 2nd and
4th Fridays of each month.
HATTIE A. LUKE. Guardian.
PAULINE F. BROWN. ClerU..
. r. O. Box 621.
My C A. VOIGHT
G vAM MA ,
OOKT
FOK'UV
MAiNS
v4
x-UT
f. , 5 IJ I -J
AT".' w ' - - it
1.1
S3
vr -
1 V -i V THE BISBEE DAILY REVILW, SATURDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 24, 1917X
EIGTTT
First Big Road Show of the Season COHAN
CYCLONE OF LAUGHTER AN AVALANCHE OF FUN YOU'LL HOWL! YOU'LL SCREAM ! !
YOU'LL COLLAPSE ! ! !
NOTE: This is COHAN & HARRIS' big City Show, enroute from the Mason Opera House, Los Angeles,
to Broadway Theatre, Denver, playing only a few one-night stands. Let everybody boost. A capacity house
will mean more first-class attractions for Bisbee.
r YOU CAN'T GO WRONG ON THIS SHOW !
Seats on Sale Saturday, February 24th at . ORPHEUM BOX OFFICE
PRICES
Oron
TONIGHT ONLY
PRODUCED
As Jackie Holbrook, the beautiful daughter of Nouvean rich parents in Alfred Sol
man's fascinating story "Miss Jackie of the Navy", the versatile star,
Margarita Fischer, gives a splendid performance of one of the most
unusual characters she has ever been called upon to create.
HEARST-PATHE NEWS No. 8 SHOWING CURRENT EVENTS of THE WEEK
ADMISSION - - - 10 and 15 Cents.
Howl ihPSurP
THE HOME GF REAL REEL FEATURES
Continuous from 1 to 10
-.-
WILLIAM FOX
Presents
GLADYS COBURN
in
"The Battle 0! Lite
A Realistic Patronage of
Written by James R. Carey.
ADMISSION
Tickets Issued on
Expert repairing on fine watches
and jewelry; diamond setting, engrav
ing and general repairing. Minton,
the postofficc jeweler, Lowell.
Advertisement. 343,
Theatre
TODAY
TODAY
"JUST HER LUCK"
2 Reel Drama.
'TATTLE-TALE ALICE"
1 Reel Comedy
"THE EYES OF LOVE"
1 Reel Comedy.
ADMISSION
STAR
Of olieiim ' i neat
Thursday, March 1
-NOT A MOTION PICTURE-
To
Theatre
eum
THE MUTUAL STAR PRODUCTIONS
MARGARITA FISCHER ND ALL-STAR
tiussui
i3
BY HARRY
POLLARD
a Woman's Temptations
Directed by James Vincent
10 and 15 Cents.
Coupons Accepted fo:
Performance.
Any
NEO-BEAUTY SHOP
Neo-Plastique Massage, manicuring
a specialty. Your patronage solicited.-
Lr.dies and gentlemen. Mrs. El
sie M. Sawver. Room 16, Johnson Ho-
i tel. Advertisement. 196
Something
New!
We planned for months to make
our new Spring Mountings an ex
hibition of I lie latest and most
artistic styles.
May We Show
You How Well We
Have Succeeded?
VISITORS
ALWAYS
WELCOME!
Dix Studio
Brewery Gulch
Kodak finishing a specialty
& HARRIS Record-Breaking
Advertise
50c
TONIGHT ONLY
PRESENTS
CAST IN
GOES TO EL PASO. -,
1). C. Cook will leave this ui'jrning
for El Paso where an afllictioa of his
eyes w ill be treated by a specialist.
For good K. C. steaks and chops on
the broiler go to the English Kitchen.
Open till 1 a. m. Advertisement.
IN FROM HUACHUCAS.
J. R. Parntalee, mining man, was a
visil'jr in Uisbee yesterday lrom his :
properties in the lluachuca mountains.!
For good K. C. steaks and hops on
the broiler go to the English Kitchen.
Open till 1 a. m. Advertisement.
BACK TO DOUGLAS.
Deputy Sheriff Percy Bowden passed
through Bisbee yesterday ou his way
back to Douglas from Tombstone,
where he took several county prisoners
Thursday.
English Kitchen open to 1 a.
Advertisement.
JIMMIE CANTRY DIES.
James Cantry, a resident of the War
ren District for fifteen years, died cf
pneumonia this morning after a short
illness. Mr. Cantry was known as a
first class mining man throughout the
southwest, and during his career had
visited or lived in every mining camp
of note in the stale. His relatives;
live in Missouri, where the body will
probably b( shipped lor burial.
For good K. C. steaks and chops on
the broiler go to the English Kitchen.
Open till 1 a. m. Ad ei lisement.
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
(ALLEN BLOCK)
Fresh home made butter daily. Salt
ed or unsalted. It's delicious.
Advertisement. 794
NUISANCE CHARGE.
A warrant charging William Glais
ter with maintaining a nuisance was
sworn out yesterday before Judge
Frank Thomas. Glaister is alleged to
have allowed the body of a dead do
to remain unburied on his premise!,
for the lat two days. Joe Perry,
charged with being drunk, was lined
til?. Joe Egan and Eddie llrt.Viks eac'.
put up bonds for the appearance on
charges of lighting. R. D. Ureja put
up a $r0 bond for his appearance In
court on a charge of carrying booze.
ORIGINAL Bl SB EE-TOMBSTONE
STAGE LINE.
The original Tombstone stage leave
daily at 7 a. r.i. and 1:30 p. in. from
Cochise Motor Co. Phone 444. Leave
punctually on time daily. S3'
(Advertisement'
!) you know that M. Cun:in. the
Rutonicbile painter, is back on the
job again. First class automobile,
carriage and wagon painting. Old Ma
son I'.uilding, Loaell.
re
st
Comedy Success
to $2.00
CONDITION BETTER.
According t'j word received yester
day the condition of Tom Dockerty,
Jr., who is confined to his home in
Tombstone Canyon with a severe at
tack of pneumonia, is much improved.
Thursday it was reported that the
young man was not expected fj live.
Yesterday, however, his condition took
a turn for the better and it is now
thought that he is out of danger.
BIG TURKEY DINNER
at English Kitchen Sunday. Hours,
open till 1 a. m. every night.
Advertisement.
AT THE ROYAL.
Gladys Coburn, the star in today's
'jffering at ih Uoyal theatre, is one
of the best liked actresses who has
appeared for the Fox Film Corpora
lion. In this photoplay she takes the
part of a thief and, alter many via
cisituiies, finally wins over her en
vironment. The pictuie is replete
with interesting situations and is ex
cellently photographed. It will be at
the Royal tod:iy and Sunday.
JUST WRIGHT SHOES
Complete line of these famous
shoes, just arrived. MiJ'rs Shirt &.
Hat Shop. Adv. 30U
English Kitchen open to 1 a.
Advertisement.
m.
523
WAIVES HEARING.
C. 1. (Shorty) Parks, arrested
Thursday night by John D. Mills, Jr.,
of tne I. S. department or justice,
waived his preliminary t examination
hel'.ue 1. S. Commissioner Taylor
yesterday on a charge of violating the
Harrison act. regarding the sale ol
drugs. About $1"0 worth of morphine
and cocaine was found in Park's pos
session, it is charged. Parks is ex-
I perted to plead guilty to tne charging
; neu luneii uciore me leuerai coun in
Tucson.
MINERS' UNION DANCE
Sunday evening, Feb. -5, Union
Hail, O. K. St. lanciiifi begins 8 : HO.
Advertisement. Hit
OLD TIMER IN.
i Jess Milton, of the immigration
' ;rvirt in lh eitv vptnhiv troni
Fairbanks. Milton gained Cjnsider-
able fame about tilteen years ago 'sharp. (Advertisement) (710)
w;ien he shot and killed "Three-Finger f
Jack." a lamous bandit, while the lat-; Don't worry any more about coal
ter was attempting to rob a train at ; woo,j and Kas bills but buy a KERO
rairbank. In the revolver duel that GAS i;i;rNER. Fits in anv stove or
preceded the death of the robber. hpater i,urn!J Coal oil, sold bv me for
Milton was shot in the arm and, al- 20c a gallon. More economical than
though that member was almost dis- roa, or wood and pprfoCt!y safe. Price
abled has continued ever since to . ?- 0Q onv nenonst rated daily and
Aiauu uy ill's f;uu anu lane, cattr ui me
government s
Fairbank.
immigrat.Vin work at
I'M, DYING FOR A HOUSE
I want a small house. What have
you? Address L. If. J., care Review.
Advertisement. 9S
DENNIS HICKEY DIES.
Dennis P. Hickey, a resident of Co
chise county for the past eighteen,
years, died at his room iu Lowell yes-!
terday .f pneumonia which he con
tracted only a couple of days ago.
Hickey was a native of Ireland and
came to Bisbee from the state of Cal
ifornia. Lately he had been engaged
in the mercantile business in Lowell,
ile was a member of the Bisbee lodge
of Elks. No permanent arrangements
for the interment have been made as
yet.
BIG TURKEY DINNER
at English Kitchen Sunday. Hours,
pen till 1 a. m. every night.
Advertisement.
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
(ALLEN BLOCK)
A great big glass fresh buttermilk,
it's only live cents.
EAGLE DANCE
Saturday. Feb. 24. Dancing 8:30.
McAleer Orchestra. Advertisement.
07
$3500 tai'or made uncalled
suit. J3).0(t. Millard Hateman,
I n Biock. -Advertisement.
for
AI-
Morrow Chiropodist removes coins. '.
unions. Ingrowing nails without pain,
instant relief, office 2 doors from city
park, Brewery Uulch. Adv. 254.
CORNER RANCH RAID
DISCLAIMED BY VILLA
(I'.y Review Leased Wire.)
CO I. I'M MS. Feb. 2:i. Iteconnais
sance Mights by aeroplanes along the
border today failed to reveal either
tin' Carrauza or Villa troops In th
places they Were said to bo yesterday,
when a light hear Boca (.iruTirio. about
lL' miles I run the border was thought
likely to occur at any time.
American cattlemen arriving lroin
Mexico today report having seen and
talked with Manuel 0 hoa. Die Villa
leader, last Tuesday near Guzman,
when he said he intended to attack
the garrison at Palomus. about four
miles south of the border from here.
Ochoa was reported o have atAiut 4U0
men with him. He was also .said to
have denied that any of Villa's com
mand perpetrated the Corner ranch
raid below Haehila. N. M., and to
have asserted that Villa was Guaran
teeing the safety of all American in
his territory. The Americaus respon
sible for this statement are member
of the southwestern cattlemen's asso-
1 elation.
GUARD FOOD DEPOTS T
TIHY. '. Y.. Feb. ;;t. A special
detail or police is guarding two cold
storage plants in South Troy owing
to persistent rumors that the places
were lo be blown up by an agent of a
secret organization pledged to reduce
the price cf foodstuffs. All premises
where foodstuffs are stored will be
watched during the present food cris
is. "IDLE WIVES" IS THE
ATTRACTION TONIGHT
Famous Universal Attraction
on Sociological Theme
Tonight at Lowell.
"Idle Wives" the I'niwrsal sociolo
gical drama which comes to the Cen
tral theatre today U built v.p about
the sacredness of the home. James
Oppenheim wrote the novel which
was produced at Universal City by
Lois Weber and Phillip Smalley.
It was Judge Swann who said in
me of his prticles before he became
Xew York district attorney, that dis
content wrecks more lives tTian whis
key or the devil. He drew his lesson
from the pathetic grist constantly
injuring through the busy hoppers of j
the divorce mill and the sa-ne lesson
is taught in the powerful film play, j
"Idle Wives."
Or Playfair. Osteopath. 98 Mason
mil. Mason Hill car stop.
'(Advertisement)
A car every hour. Bisb" to rwmr
a Good cars and careful drlverB.
American Stage Line. Phone 366.
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE
rwin Studio, Main Street. 857
Advertisement
REMOVAL NOTICE
Antiseptic barber shop will open in
its new location in the new Lyric
Theatre building between March 1st
lnd 10th.
Harry Hayes, prop. 742
Advertisement.
GRAND BALL.
The Orangemen will give a Grand
Ball on Saturday evening. Feb. 24th,
I. O. O. F. Hall. Music by Veils Or
chestra. Gents, $1.00. Ladies free.
All menus invueu. unncing ai o.u
i for sale by ('has. Reiffel. Store at
Metz stop. Tombstone Canyon, also
agent for Kerogas lamps and lan
terns. Advertisement. 26
Central Theatre
Tonight Only Tonight Only
The play that astonished New York. A drama of life from every angle. A
big subject lavishly produced by The Smalleys, producers of "Where Are My Chil
dren?" the most gripping drama in years, and other notable successes.
6C
me
From the Novel by James Oppeheim.
Is a marvelous play within a play, with all Humanity in the case. Showed to
crowded houses during its New York run. The play that every man and woman in
the world should see. A remarkable production. Far greater than the average
feature film. The play that lifts the curtain of Society's glass houses the most
gripping drama in years. The play that shows the evils of discontent, picturing
life among the rich and poor; audacious, absorbing, realistic, dramatic Do not
fail to see this wonderful photo drama. Opening performance Sunday. Come
and tell all your friends.
Ad
mission
AUTO
Much of the pleasure of that trip tomorrow depends
upon being properly equipped for the occasion be sure
those worn casings and tubes are replaced also be sure
that they are "GOODYEAR". Our stock of "GOOD
YEAR" casings and tubes is complete and fresh. Pumps
at 25c up to $15. Jacks at $1.25 to $7.50.
A very complete stock of Auto Robes, Shawls.
Patches, Chains, Searchlights, Flashlights, Zeroline Oil
and Greases, Dixon's Graphite Grease, ' Vulcanizers.
Fire Extinguishers, Horns, Tow Lines, Goggles and
everything else in supplies.
Will BUOY FUNSTON
SUN FBANCiSGO TODAY
(Continued from page one.)
Presidio reservation with fiflT military j
honors. i
The body arrived here at 1 o'clock I
today. Escorted by four companies of !
coast artillery in full dresM uniform!
and under arms, it was borne to the
City Hall, where it was received by ;
Mayor James Rolph in the name of i
San Francisco. Many army and navy
officers of high rank marched by the I
bier with uncovered heads. A drizzling
rain was braved by thousands jf
THE HOUSE
THE RIALTO FILM CORP. PRESENTS
FRANK MILLS, IN
The House of Mirrors
Dramatized by Thomas Ormont from the Sensational
Story of Divorce, by Frederick Chapin
"SOME LIARS"
Vogue Comedy. Featuring
RUBE MILLER AND BEN TURPIN
AND REMEMBER THAT MONDAY. FEB. 26. IS
THE STARTING DATE OF
MRS. VERNON CASTLE AS PATRIA.
Continuous From
ADMISSION : :
Wives
SUPPLIES
civilians who blocked entrances ami
exits in their desire to express rever
ence. the
SILVER
STATE
The Story of
A gripping hitfory
of the Comttuck,
Toaopah, GoMtkiJ.
MINING
in
Roc he iter, and
l NEVADA
other district , re
lating the true story
y of the enormous fortunes made in mining in
Nevada. With this story we will send a
E FREE MAP of the Silver State, showing
location of all the rich minin? dltricts, rait-
R rcaJ,etc. Bvth mailej FRF.F. on request.
F. G. COX & COMPANY
625 .'. V. llellman BUl. In AngHc. CaL
T!
OF COMFORT.
One to Eleven P. M.
: 10 AND 15 CENTS.
1
15c and 25c