& ft
tlu
MARKETS.
WW
WEATHER.
Wednesday and prob
ably Thursday, fair;
NEW YORK CITY.
Average Price of Cop
per for week ending
September 12, 25.83.
ot much change in
emperature.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 20. No. lia
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 24, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
L BERTY DAY
TO RAISE BOND
TOM; tilt N
Only Half of
Full Quto Is
NowReportedBigLoanDrive
(Bv Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON, Oct. 23. Tomor
row, Liberty day by proclamation of
President Wilson, the nation faces the
test of determining whether the sec
ond Liberty loan of 1917 shall roil
up an overwhelming success.
It faces the greatest day of the cim-
paign with not more than half of thejwork al, day and tnere s goln? to be
$5,000,000,000 hoped for actually sub- I Dand concert ana 80los, and 'speech-
scribed, according to careful estimates
compiled by trea-sury officials tonight.
Two and one-half billion dollars,
they estimate, must be obtained in sub
scriptions in the four days that re
main. The field forces of two million work
ers will be reinforced tomorrow by
speakers, including members of the
cabinet, former President Taft, -W. Jr
Bryan, Speaker Claris and other na
tionally known orators.
Secretary McAdoo, telegraphing
from Nashville, sounded the keynote
of the day in a Liberty day statement
issued here tonight.
McAdoo's tSatement.
"AH that Is needed now to make the
Liberty loan an overwhelming suc
cess, he said, "is that the people gen
erally in all parts of the nation real
ize the personal application of the loan
appeal. There is still too much or a
tendency to believe that the loan will
be subscribed easily and without the
assistance of the average, man and
woman.
The Liberty loan will succeed only
if members of each family realize their J
direct responsibility and loan their
money to the government through the
purchase of Liberty bonds.
"By this means only can a victory
be won quickly and peace restored to
agonized humanity.
"Let neither apathy nor Indifference
nor over-confidenec lull us into a false
security.
"Militant America can whip the
kaiser; the kaiser can wJiip apathetic
America.
Business at Standstill.
Business will be well nigh at a
standstill throughout the nation ex-
cept for the sale of Liberty bonds.
Designated a national holiday byi. . , , A. . . . .
,, . .. . v -1 destruction of the homeward bound
President W ilson the day has also
been made a holiday by governors ofrmy transport Antilles by a German
the' various states. Business houses j submarine last Wednesday. He gave
and schools will be closed; thousands ;D0 additional details of the disaster,
of speakers will deliver addresses and sixtv.8evell me mcludine sixteen
hundreds of thousands of new workers
will join for the day the army of twoother ,g unaccounte(1 for and 170 were
million solicitcrs already in the field. , rescued by tne nava, c0nV0y. Many
T.lese workers will carry the alllf 0.Jse kiHed were foreigners of the
of the nation with special emphasis to , transpori.8 enKine and boiier room
the farmer. The larmcrs have beeniorceg and gome of the nlis8,ng soId.
invited by the hundred thousands tolurg aIgo were of foreign birth.
come to town and attend Liberty loan q,. Pershing did not explain
rallies and workers also are going Into , wny tne 8oldiers vere being 8ent
the country to solicit subscriptions. :onje
"Pi-rtifiilor cffrxrl o am tn h nut I
forth," says the treasury department's
statement tonight, "to obtain further!
subscriptions from farmers in the
. south and parts of the middle west.
As was the case a week ago, the rural
communities in whose sections are
making the weakest showings of any
In the country.
Official Reports.
"Returns from all federal reserve
districts show that at the beginning
of business today subscriptions of
$1,501,392,150 had been officially re
ported to them. This represents sub
scriptions upon which 'the first pay
ment of 2 per cent has been deposited
in banks reporting to the reserve
banks. Unofficial figures Indicate that
an eRtlmate of $2,500,000,000 for all
sales appears to be conservative.
"Briefly stated then, the situation
tonight is that the $3,000,000,000 mini
mum set for the loan at the outest of
the campaign on October 1, will be
passed tomorrow If Liberty day sub
scriptions come up to conservative ex
pectations. They may carry the total
beyond that point. The maximum to
tal of $5,000,000,000 is far distant, how
ever. To attain It by the close of the
Bale Saturday will be a feat worthy of
the best mettle.
"Official to-ls of the various dis
tricts follow:
The Totals.
New York $809,630,000; Boston $184.
200.000; Cleveland $183,750,000; Min
neapolis, $63,250,000;' Richmond, $63,
189.650; Chicago $185,203,000; St. Louis
$15,522,000; San Francisrtj, $67,234,-
(Continued On Page Two.)
5L00KEDU
SALES TD BIG
ATI ALIVE
Senator Smith
TalksTodayin
"Good nforning! Have you a little
Liberty Loan in your homer Bv Review Leased Wire.)
If you haven't then you will have! NEW YORK. Oct. 23. Liam Mel
hefnre niht- for the salesmen's zo- lowe8- one of tne recognized leaders
, . .
ingtogetyou wlether you watch out
or not! Of course, he's going to make
it pleasant l'or you; you won't have to
es. and everything; but the real cause i
of the excitement is that money of,
yours the government is after . j
The Parade !
Forming at the Doyle House in
Tombstone Canyon, the parade will
march down Main street at 2 o'efock
in the following order.
, C. & A. Band.
Thirty-fifth Infantry.
Civil War eVterans.
Spanish American War Veterans.
Camp Fire Girls.
Boy Scouts,
Woman's Loyalty League-(Food Con- j
servation.)
High School Cadets
Grammar School,
General Public.
Program.
An excellent program will be 'offered
at the City Park, where the parade ter
minates. First will come a seceltion
by the C. & A. band; next, "Keep the
Home Fires Burning", by the High
School girls, glee club, and then follow
ing in order, a solo by Lewis Le Cuy
er, a ttolo by J. L. Rancourt, "Send Me
Away With a Smile." by the High
School boys glee club, an address by
Senator Mark Smith, and the choral
singing 'of the national anthem. Solici
tors will be at the park to take care of
everyone's Liberty Loan needs.
Sixty-Seven the
Number Drowned
iBv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Oct, 23.-3eneral ,
Pershing today cabled the war depart-
t ,he comDiete casualty list in the
i soldiers, went down with the ship, an-
' '
PrPQlflPllf Wllfmtl
Globe-Miami
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Oct. 23. President
Wilson's special labor investigating
commission reported today a settle
ment of the strike of more than 5000
copper miners In the Globe-Miami dis
trict of Arizona, on a basis which
promises to set a precedent for com
posing labor disputes elsewhere.
By providing for resumption of work
immedlatel, the commission paved the
way for arbitrating other Arizona cop
per mine strikes, which have caused
loss of many million pounds of war
material in the last four months and
resulted in deportations of strikers
and other disorders.
Will Press Settlement.
The commission, headed by Secre
tary Wilson, is expected to press for
settlement of many other indsutrial
controversies during its western tour,
of which the Arizona agreement is the
first fruit.
Acting on the principle that the
prime necessity was to resume active
production for war purposes, the com
mixslon induced managers of the Old
Dominion, Miami, Inspiration and
other smelter and mines and union
leaders to agree to formation of griev
ance committees of workers for each
mine. Since union organizations are
to be represented on these committees
PON IN FEB
ARE ARRESTED
CHARGED VITH
TREASON h'ERE
Liam Mellowes, Irish Revolt
tionist, and German Aid1
Are Taken in New York.
Plots Are Revealed by Ar
rests. In the Sinn Fein rebellion In Ireland
. n ra . Mrrw,n 101(. .
on Easter Monday. 1916. and an as-
, 8oCatef Baron Dr. Max von Reekling-
bausen. a German subject, are under
arrest in this city, it was announcea
j today by William J. Flynn. chief of
the United States secret service,
The arrests were made on the eve
of an announcement by" Premier
Lloyd George in the house of corn-
mons that the British government
bad knowledge of another plot to land
arms in Ireland.
MeUowes is charged with obtain
ing faUe papers to enable hint to
leave the United States as an Ameri
can seaman.
A "Patent Engineer"
Recklinghausen, styled
Von
by
Went engineer of no lit-
: 1,1c nuiuiji tiaa w&-ia vwtsiu v v w
I federal authorities for internment!
j during the war. He, Is declared to
have been an intimate ' associate of
Sinn Feiners. A statement issued by
Flvnn Papers found" in Vcn Reck
Iinghausen's rooms and on his person
show definitely that large sums of
money had gone forward to France
fcr ultimate German purposes.
Mellowes was arrested - Monday In
the garb of a seaman. He had a pass
port made out to Patrick Donnelly
which he intended to use on his re
turn to Ireland. On the failure of the
Irish revolt Mellowes made his way
to the Unked States by shipping as a
coal heaver, according to Fl;fnn,'3
statement. Secret service agents had
him under surveillance after his ar
rival and learned of hia association
with Dr. Patrick McCarton, known to
his Sinn Fein associates In this coun
try as "the first ambassodar to thel
United States of the Irish republic,"
the statement said. They plotted to
return to Ireland, and McCarton ship-
nn an American .teamshiD leaving
t -
New York last Wednesday
McCarton Arrested
On advices from New York secret
service men McCaron was arrested at
Halifax, and is held there pending
prosecution for his complicity in the
Dublin riots and his activities in this
country since eary last year, accord
ing to Flynn.
"Considerable literature and papers
of interest to this government were
taken in the raid of the room of Mel
lowes nad Von Recklinghausen, and
it will be some time before the various
ramifications of this plot can be thor-j
ougniy detailed, saia njuu iu uu
(Continued oa Pose Two)
m f
AnnmiRpd OT
Strike Settlement
the agreement was Interprted here as
virtually amounting to union recogni
tion by the employers, one of the prin
cipal Issues Involved in the strike.
Another important principle put
Into effect Is the co-operation of em
ployers in distributing the insufficient
labor supply to the mines most need
ing men.
Labor Shortage.
"Re-employment is to be secured
through a central employment bureau
for the district," said Secretary Wil
son's report to the president. "This
provision is made because the labor
shortage of the district, as well as the
growing labor shortage throughout the
country, requires the full utilization
of all available man power and the
employment of the men on strike."
Labor officials here said this ar
rangement was in line with the gov
ernment's tentative plan to Induce em
ployers to form associations to deal
colletcively with labor questions and
eliminate economically wasteful move
ment of workmen between industries
or localities.
Mine or local wage questions for
each mine will be settled Independ
ently nnder a sliding wage scale al
ready In effect.
Th commission plans" to visit the
Clifton-Morencl-Medeal eopper district
of Arizona next.
Increases
Taking the country at large and
grouping i he 12 leading staple
lines, the following advances have
been recorded since August. 1916.
according to Bradstreet's: ,:
' Per cent.
Breadstuff .. j 68
Livestock 06
Provisions i '. 33 1-3
Fruits 33 1-3
Hides and leathers 38
Textiles '.. 60
Metals CO
Coal and coke .. . .' 16
Oils 90
Building niater.al ; 33
Ctemlcals and drags 15
URGE ALL SIDES
TO GEFTOGLTHLR
Ask Elimination of Labor Agi
tators, Cessation of Sale of
Booze and Co-operation
With the Government.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PITTSBURG, Oct. 23 Eliminate the
labor agita'.ors from the coal fields,
prohibit by presidential decree the
selling of liquor within five miles of
any coal mine, give Coal shipments
preference on the railroads over all
other kinds of freight with the excep
tion of food and government supplies
and let every operator co-operate with
Federal Food Administrator H. A.
Garfield and the shortage 'of coal will
be ended declare! more than 1,000 coal
operators representing practically ev
ery field of consequence in the country
in addresses and in resolutions adopt
ed at A meeting here today under the
auspices of the National Fuel Associa
tion. Fuel Administrator Garfield in
an address before the operat'ors, plead
ed for leaders of the industry to lay
aside all differences and get behind
President Wilson in the fight against
eGrmany. He made no reference to
any possible increases in coal prices
by the government or to the demands
of the miners in the Pennsylvania,
Ohio and Illinois fields for increased
wages.
Unless the coal problem is solved
and solved speedily, the operators
agreed, the United States will be
greatly hampered In the war.
While no action was taken on the
labor question, It was considered by
the meeting and treated in a number
of addresses. Conscription of labor
is the emergency demands It was urg
ed by John P. Reese, of Gillespie, Ills.,
general manager of the ctal properties
of the Chicago and Northwestern rail
way who declared :
"If the government has the right to
set a price on coal and food, and raise
money to equip an army, it Is able to
say to the American laborer, 'you must
work'."
A resolution, offered by F. H. Knight
of South Bethlehem, Pa., asking that
the association forward to President
Wilson a protest against the sale of in
toxicating liquor within a radius of five
miles of a coal mine was adopted unan-
jmousiy
Germans Plan to
Swallow Danes
Exposed in Full
(By Review Leased Wire.)
LONDON. Oct. 23. Details have
reached London of a German plan to
obtain ascendancy after the war in
Denmark by ceding to Denmark a
small strip of Danish territory in
North Schleswlg, in return for a "large
sum of money" and presumably also,
certain economic and commercial con
cessions. It is suggested by the Danish liberal
Hovenstaden that the sum of money
involved is that which Denmark re
ceived from the United States as pay
ment for the Danish West Indies.
This newspaper strongly denounces
the German proposal declaring that
Germany expects to get not only mon
ey, but a h'old on Denmark which
would make Denmark economically
and nationally a dependency of Ger
many. The Hovendstaden'8 editorially
says:
"An arrangement of this kind, name
ly the cession of North Schleswlg, on
German Initiative, just now, at the
most critical period of the war, entails
the greatest possible danger for the
Danish pt-liple. A sum of money the
West Indian millions? Is mentioned.
Germany probably wants not only that
sum of money but something even
more valuable namely, our friendship
and good will. For what?
(Continued ton Paa irwo)
cot mm
DIFFERENCES
SNOOTHEDOUT
!M PAfil MIMPO
Of I weI" to depth of a mile
CVi rir mi rl Tin o It ' A llw nrl H-wrxrk-rkc
New Wage Contractu Entered
Into Between 35,000 Coal
Miners and Operators, I nus
saving complete Tie-Up.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Oct. 23. Ai
new wage scale t
miners ot Arkansas. Oklahoma, Mia-
souri and Kansas was signed here to
nigui uy 1115 ui rc utoiiivik iivomruii
y the
Jnifed
of the United Mine Workers of Amer-
ica for the four states involved and a
committee presenting the South-
western Intersta'e Coal Operators'!
IT L- u f ..1. i
association .ccuruuiB . - - - "'-"- crown prince, which was besiegln?
Ins, president of the operators' or-, Into the hands of the French, accord-; yerdun
ganizatlon. The penalty clause In the : ing to the war olfice announcement to-, Jhe ma(Je oyer Qf
new contract, a disagreement over, night. i about six miles from the east of Vaus-
whlch resulted in a recent strike or-j Off.c.al Text. ,
der, was adopted In a form that va- The text reads: , v ullUvor.
ries somewhat from that in the Wash- rt rni ! ble -thr ndito.s the French
Ington agreement. The new wage which we launched this morning JH forward all along the line
ri a-rLment c-ntinsent however veloped under extremely brilliant con-1 P,u, ,orwarf au a,on6 tne ne
scale agreement, ccn-ingeni, cuevor, ..,.,.,,- . . aided by audacious aviators who fle-r
upon the government granting the op-1 "on .W,J"B . 0r.r the German positions at an al-
erators an Increase In their scale price Z!im f about 150 feet, using their
rtCr rTnifd i 5 Si -c"-. - P-trated the Ge.
thick-vein mining and 16 2-3 cents a: tuped I Numerous important positions fe'l
ton for th'n veln work. It also would by quarrle8 of ; into the hands of General Petain's mea
grant an advance of approximately 15lFruty ftnd Dohery A little ,ater Mal.i and In addition more than 7500 Ger
per cent for yardage and dead wr maUon forti in the cpnter, fell lnio our i mans- " enormous amount of war
and $1.40 a dny for labor. I hand3 ! material and 25 heavy and field guns
It is provided that the contract shall, -pushing their alvance still further, j were captured,
be in force "during the contluuancej our troops, after a desperate engage- The greatest depth of the drive was
of the war, or not to exceed two; ment in which they gave proof of the!.- in -e center of the line, where the
years from next July." j Irresistible snap, drove the enemy village of Chavjgnon was captured
The agreement contains a provis-'out of the quarries of Montparnesse, fter a violent struggle, which resulted,
ion for readjustment of wages when!
peace has been declared.
John Wilkinson, president of dl
trict 21, United Mine Workers ot
America, declared he was greatly sat
isfied with the new scale.
Mr. Wilkinson, whose .district in
cludes the states of Oklahoma, Ar
kansas and northern: Texas, announc
ed tonight for McAlester, Okla., where
be will take ? up negotiations for a
new wage contract with the Oklahoma
operators' associations. There are
9000 miner, employed In the mine, of
this association in Oklahoma not cov
ered by tonight's agreement.' There
are also several thousand miners In
Arkansas and northern Texas em
ployed by the- so-called independent
operators fof whont a hew wage scale
will have to be arranged, Mr. Wilkin
son said. ' '
Pershing Leaves
On Inspection
AMERICAN TRAINING CAMP IN
FRANCE. Oct. 22. (By Associated
Press.) General Pershing has gone
on a tour of Inspection of the lines FRANCE, Oct. 23. (By the Associated the battleship Slava and a large tor
ot communicaUon which is expected to press.) The French troops this dolwat destroyer, the German were
occupy him several days. morning fought one of the most vlev-; tne heaviest losers. Two of their
The French government has placed , erly conceived and most brilliantly ex- dreadnaughts. one cruiser. 12 torpedo
at the general's disposal for the pur- ecutel actions of the war. 1 one transport and numerous
pose a private railroad car so con- More than 1000 prisoners belonging mine sweepers were put out of action
etructed that an automobile may be t0 the famous Fifth Prussian guards by tbe Russian fleet. While the exact
carried In it. When the general were ,aken and the French still con-' fate of these vessels has not been a
reachesthe nearest point on the rail- Unue tneIr progres8. Pertained by the Petrograd govern-
road to the place he Is going the auto- The nte opened before dawn ' raent. it is announced that at least six
mobile is rolled out and the journey aIong a nne ki,ometer front from the of the German destroyers were sunk,
finished in the motor car. The private northeast of Laffaux, about the vicln- Further German attempts to land
car Is equipped with every convenl- i ' ..,. ,v . .
, .. .. i 71 " JT . forces from the Esthonia coast to the
ence for the trip. 1 (Continued on Paee. Two) , ... . , . tj
north of erder have been repulsed
Government Supervision of Food
Prices is Inaugurated In Chicago
(By Review Leased Wire. tor at 43 to 46 cents a peck, while the
CHICAGO, Oct. 23. Government grocers were Belling them at 40 to 43
supervision of food prices went Into cents.
effect in Chicago today when the first: Sugar prices were fixed at 1 to;
of. the dally prices which Harry A.'8Vi cents a pound, while dealers were
Wheeler, food administrator for 1111-; asking 9H and 10 cents. The scarcity
nols, considered fair, were announced.1 of sugar, bowever, has compelled re-
Prices as they change will be pub-'
it. .i .iti mA r. . . ,i A
Hulled daily, and from time to time
as the price committee can agree on
prices o:ber staples will be added to
the list. The price the retailer, should
pay the wholesaler also will be pub-'
liuhed. so consumers may know what
the committee considers a fair profit sugar. It was reported that a sbip
for the retailer. ; ment of 300 cars of beet sugar was
The prices given out today include1 on the way from the west This ship-
Dour, suear and potatoes. The prices
fixed today as fair'averages are about,
i '
what are being asked by representa--
tive grocers in Chicago. The price Mr. Wheeler points out that not all in the meantime, the Harvard Ain
fixed for flour In quarter-barrel sacks; retail grocers have agreed to abide' letic association announced tonight,
is from $2.95 to $3.10, tor which re-j by these prices. The remedy sug ! Freshman baseball will be continued
tailers have been asking $3.15. Pota-geted Is for customers to refuse tojas usual. In place of class baseball
toes Jumped In price overnight and buy from all grocers who charge! there will be games between the bat
wera quoted by the food admiaistra-j higher price... 'talion of the Hardvard regiment.
FREN
MOOPlILLiT
ACTION PENETRATE LINES OF
UHWffWHWXUOU IWlOl I
CaTVy Pq Consolidating
c'
fa Obj e ctiv e sPreviousGains
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PARIS. Oct. 23. In one Df the
swiftest and most dashing blows of the
w, the French troops today smashed
- threngh the German lines north of the
jane xo a, afpia 01 mure iuuh iwu ,
miles
at one point inflicted
'losses on the enemy and captured
more than 7,500 prisoner and 25
heavy guns and field guns.
C3AASH,I iMnnMan. vltlaitaa .l.n 1 1
which had been partly crushed by our
big shells. ' tDP "Wt troops in tne army ot tna
"On the left our progress- w.is con- j German crown prince were encased
tinued with thes same success, the in endeavoring to hold back 'be on
villages of Allemant and Vaudesbon slauslit. but their efforts were un
remaining In our power, while on the availing under .the enthusiasm of the
right onur troops carried their Hue on French to win positions which would
to the heights dominating Pargny- place them more advantageously to
Filain. i press on later toward Laon.
"Finally in the center, our troops; For about a week the French artll
drove fresh enemy reserves helter , lery bad been hurling tons of steel
skelter and captured, in a violent : into the German line in front of them
"niggle, the village or Chavingnon. At
this pointer advance reached a depth
of three and a half kilometers (about!
two and a fifth miles). , tion to the prisoners taken by the
Enemy Losses. j French, the Germans also suffered
"The enemy losses in the course of heavy casualties,
the day were large, in additio nto those In Flanders,
inflicted on him by our artillery, prep-! in Flanders both the British and
aralion. The number of prisoners French troops are holding all the
counted up t the present exceeds 7.1 gains made in Monday's drive north
500. In the enormous amount of ma-' east of Ypres. except at once place on
terlal captured we have counted twen-' the southern fringe of Houtholst forty-five
heavy and -fleld cannon. ' est. where the Germans in a fierce
"Notwithstanding the unfavorable ! counter-attack forced a slight retire
weather, our av'iators carried out with ' ment by the British,
audacity the missions imposed upon Qn Rj p,,,,
them, their machines flying flfty met-j The ,ate3t advices conoerninK
ers above the lines. . . nara, activlty in ,he Gulf o; Riga
WITH THE FRENCH ARMIES IN
tailers to pay fancy premiums in or-;
. . i. k:i
der to get enough to supply their!
trade. Sales in nearly all cases to-
day were limited to two pounds to a
customer. I
Reports from railroad officials;
promised relief from the shortage of:
ment Is said to be the first of tha
new fall crop and is expected to be
followed quickly by others,
(By Review jged Wire.)
wsn .m .
, engal?(?i In consolidating positions wu
Monday n.nilers ,ne French forc
of Genera, Pe,ain 8truck , ht 4
unexpected blow against the German
' line rortheast of Soissons Tuesdav
morning and made some of the most
important gains of terraine since they
threw buck the army of the German
'n-the enemy fleeing pell-melL Some
; in preparing for the drive and when It
was started sad havoc already had
been wrought by the guns. In ailji-
; tween the Germans and the Russians
show that althou the Russians lost
by Russian detachments.
On Other Fronts.
! On the other fronts no important en-
ZZ7Z::i:xZZ
Julian front of the Austro-I'.nlian thea
ter the artillery activity again bas be
come Intense. An Austrian atta-.-tc
with infantry in the Cadore region
was repulsed by the Italians with,
heavy losses.
British Ship Sunk.
The British merchant cruiser Ora
ma, a vessel of 12.227 tons, has been
' .
"una vy
a submarine and a British,
destroyer has been lost in a collision.
There wa8 no ,OHa of Ufe on tie Oran.a
officers and 21 men are
' . K frnm ,h-
destroyer.
NO HARVARD BASEBALL
(By Review Leased Wire.)
CAMBRIDGE. Mass.. Oct. 23.
There will be no 'varsity baseball
next spring unless the war is over TWO
.F.W.W
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 24, LIBERTY" BOND DAY, HAS BEEN DECLARED
A LEGAL HOLIDAY. I
In accordance with the request that the merchants of the Warren district close their
stores in the afternoon, we will close Wednesday at 1 o'clock. All special sales sched
uled for Wednesday afternoon will be included in the Wednesday morning sales.
P.
w.
I.
A NERVOUS WRECK
i
From Three Tears' Suffering. Says
Cardni hade Her Wed.
Texas City, Tex. In aa interesting ,
- M n H Qr-hitt nf Miicfnuii. i
says: "For three years I suffered untold
agony with my head. I was unable to
4 )m nr trvr! I
a t it a- - r - r i
i hict wanrpa to siecn aii ine nine, rar
was uic um, c i iuu,u gci, ,
I was asleep. I became a nervous wreck .
just from the awful suffering with my
head.
1 was so nervous that the least noise
would make me jump out of my bed. I
had no energy, and was unable to do
anything.
My son, a young boy, had to ;
j n t i i j j.. i
uo du my noubenum uuues. t
I was not able to do anything until I
took CarduL I took three bottles in all, j
and it surely cured me of those awful i
headaches. That has been three years
ago, and I know the cure is permanent, j
for I have never bad any headache since
taking CarduL ..
Nothing relieved me until I took Cardui.
It did wonders for me."
Try Cardui for your troubles made
from medicinal ingredients recommended
In medical books as being of benefit in
female troubles, and 40 years of use has
proven that the books are right Begin
taking Cardui today. NC-134
YOUNG GIRL MARRIES
A 14-year-old school girl became a
soldiers wife in RrooVlvn recentlv
thus following the example of her
mother, who became the bride bf one
of Uncle Sam's men in khaki fifteen
months ago. Mattie Lee Hudspeth of
L'juglas, Arizona, was the latest bride.
The soldier boy who became her hus
band is David Eugene Henry of
Spring, Texas. The bridegroom is
only 22, and is a member of the Twen-
tv-ornn1 infantn.- nnur ctatinnpil at
Fort Hamilton. The girl's step-father
.
went abroad "somewhere in France.
His wife planned to join him and came
east. While awaiting passports here
her daughter met Henry, with whom
she became acquainted in Arizona two
years ago. While the bride's mother
Is absent in France her daughter will
remain here and will attend school.
Brooklyn Eagle.
WEINBERG JURY COMPLETED.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct 23. A jury
to try Israel Weinberg, a jitney" bus
driver, for murder growing out of a
preparedness day bomb explosion
here in July, 1916, when ten persons
were killed, was completed today.
We Close at 1
Today
Liberty Bond Day
This store will close at 1 o'clock p. m. to
day with all other stores of the Warren
district, in order that we may lend our full
support and co-operation with other red- .
blocded Americans who are giving their
time and attention to the selling of Uncle
Sammie'8 Liberty Bonds. If you haven't
bought yours, SUBSCRIBE TODAY.
0.01V
Sale A
t-g?raga.n.niMiKBjiijiniiu ii'.gia
Sinn Feiners Are
Taken inNew York
(Continued From Page One.)
HOUncmg
the arrests. He declared
Von Recklinghausen "has been men
tioned as an envoy left here by Count'lTrL .... , , " .
von Bernptorff." and that re main- When blllOUS, headachy, SICK,
iaiiIu
two residences in New York,
snn rT viriitoh in near nn I- iiiir rivpr
... commanding a view of the
" . w...
,-. w ......
Von Pecklingftausen was also asso-i
. cited with a group of Turks at one
, cfe the Fevrral houses occupied by, You nien and women wno have bead
it ho nrF!Tira OrR. R!1VS Flynn's State- aha moIuI H.nfi.ia n VioH .1H ora
mpnt h:th added that a short time
1
ag0 four tnese Turks attempted tOa sick gassy, disordered stomach, or
!eave on a neutral vessel, on a mis- j have backache and feel all worn out
Sjon the nature or which finally pre-j Are you keeping your bowels clean
vented their sailing. j with Cascarets or merely forcing a
Premier Exposes Plct
LONDON Oct. 23. Iu the course of '
;a speech iu the house of commons to-;
Jav Premier Lloyd-George declared the i
government was aware that arrange- sour, unaigesiea ana iermenung moa
ments were again being made partly ' and foul gases; take the excess bile
by von Bernstorff, to laud arms in Ire-j from the liver and carry off the tpnsti
,an(i. pated waste matter and poison from
The premier said that the govern-1 the bowels. .
ment could not p'Jssibly forget whatj Remember, a Cascaret tonight will
had happened only eighteen months ' straighten you out by morning. A 10
ago. These speeches could not be cent box from j'Jur druggist means
treated as excited speeches delivered healthy bowel action: a clar head and
by persons of no consequence which , cheerfulness for months. Don't for
would end in nothing. get the children.
'In order to save those poor people, "
vpd thfiv were dome-' sion. There was a demand for the
'their best for their country from
ine nersuadcu bv oiuers conuuueu
;he premier, "I though it essential that
the government should take action, not
provocation action, but firm action.
"There are three things the govern
ment ought to make clear in the in
terests of Ireland: First incitement i'J
1 rebellion cannot be permitted. The
1 Germans nearly landed arms lor that
I "'onths .
'that arranupmpnls are hei
We know
that arrangements are being made for j
arms to be landed again and we know
that it is partly done by von Bern-
storff. Second, a thing no govern-
men; can permit is organization rVr re-j
bellion. t
After referring to the drilling and j
marching going on in Ireland and the
exhortations of De Valera, the pre-j
mier declared that what was going on ,
in Irelandwas a delibeiate attempt toj
enroll and drill thousands of young
men who in England would have ;
been compiuV.rily enlisted in prepa-,
ra'icn for rebellion.
The third point was that there was I
a deal of talk in Ireland among the
t!im rem leauers num. saiu hib pic- ,
tnier, did not mean home rule or self-
government, but separattion of seces-
1
o'Clock, P. M.
Olio LO.
nnouncemenf
worth Co.
USE "GA3CARETS" FOR
LIVER AND BOILS
WHEN
for sour stomach, bad
breath, bad colds.
Get a 10-cent box.
Take a Oasearet tonight to cleanse
your ljver gtoluaclj and bowels, and
vou sureiv feei Ereat bv moraine.
hiHon nrrvnmi 7mt hntw.i itn
t
I passageway every few days with salts,
cathartic pills or castor oil?
Cascarets immediately cleanse and
regulate the stomach, remove the
wini t ni ni
- v
"We had better say at once that un-
: der no Conditions will Great Britain
permit anything of that kind."
'iibertyrreF
are lighted all
OVER THE NATION
Were Three Brilliant
There
Flames in the District and a
Band Concert
Last njgRt proflxptiy at 7 o'clock
three "Liberty Fires" were lighted in
tne di8.ri(.t and that numDcr mu!ti.
ped Dy thousands were lieht-
a all over th muntrv
LocalIv the Hghtingof these fires
b tfle B gcout8 Rn impresslve
afair v.n. u-arron -IlH ,.. ,..
other points all three fires were
cUariy visible. A beautiful idea was
beautifully carried out. The Naiional
l oan committee and the local com
mittee are deserving of compliments.
The C. and A. concert was given
i before the Phelps Dodge store. The
I night was cool and still, and their mu
sic, could be heard at great distances,
f everal excellent selections were
: played. The occasion'in the district
was impressive.
Germans Plan to j
Swallow Danes
(Continued From Page One.) '
i
i "Well, now that South America has j
broken with eGrniany, the good will Vf i
a neighbor like Denmark is of price-1
less value to "Germany after the war. '
Denmark is, by reason of her geo-j
graphical position, a natural sally port !
for the isolated German empire. A 1
flood of German traders and of Ger-j
man rnVmey and German capitalists
will inundate our country and through
it find vent for Germany's industry and
trade. We shall become eventually a'i
German dependency.
i "Can we afford to link our fate with 1
that of a country which alte rthe war j
. is ruined and looked upon by all the
world with prolund distrust? Is il not'
i generally recognized that economic
connection with and dependence upon
t Germany wonld gradually lead to na-
i tionul dependence T" -
Snap and Dash is
Winner for French
I Continued From Page One.)
ity af Vauxaillon, to La Royere farm
Amid inky darkness, the French troops
left their trenches and with a terrific
barrage fire from the most powerful
concentration of French guns ever
gathered on such a short front preced
ing them, they made their way for
ward into and over the first German
positions, sweeping all resistance
aside.
Altogether, six German infantry di
visions were aligned facing the
French attacking forces, but none of
them were able to withstand the on
slauglit. The advance continued like
clockwork.
The correspondent Observed the bat
tle from a point whence he could see
the entire line and was able to watch
I the precision with which the artillery
prepared the ground for the advance
of the Infantry and the methodical
manner of the infantry's progress.
No where on the French front has
the fighting been more obdurate and
more fierce than in that small section
of the line extending north of the
Aisne from Laffaux to La Royere
farm, southeast of the old Fort De
Malmaison. where since the battle of
the Maine in 1914 French and German
forces have been in the closest grips.
For months since the French offensive
in April, the Germans have attempted
to retake in morsels that vitally im
portant strip of territory which the
French then captured in one day. The
position was an unstable one for both
armies. Each occupied a posiiion
which might be regarded as that which
at the end of a battle one side must
give way to the other sooner or later.
The army which possessed the su
periority in artillery and the most use
ful observation points on the final
stage of the fight began was sure to
have the upper hand.
TWO ASSOCIATIONS
TO 5TAGE A GREAT
HALLOWE'EN PARTY
Y. M. C A. Building Will Be
Scene on 30th of a Regular
Old-Fashioned "Blow-Out."
On the night o the 30th a big Hal
lowe'en party is going to be held at
the Y. M. C. A., in which the T. W.
C. A. will pprticipa:e jointly. All of
the old Hallowe'en "stunts" and a
world of new ones are scheduled to
make their appearance, and the whole
Warren district is inviied to be on
hand and take part in the fun. "A
sood time will be enjoyed by all."
and then some. However, til male
youngsters under. 16 have got to bring
their parents along at least one of
'em for an admission card; the "Y"
working on the basis of "Safety First."
ftiange impulses move youths to
strange things on Hallowe'en, and.
knowing boys, the association refuses
to take any chances. But those who
Bhow up are going to be treated roy
ally, and it's a fine occasion for frol
'eking wi'h your neighbor and barrels
full of pleasure.
"I'LL SHOW YOU HOW
CORNS PEEL OFF!"
Ever Peel a Banana Skin?
That's It!
"I should worry about those corns
I just put some 'Gets-It' on." Corns
used t'j pester the world into a frenzy,
enduring pain, digging, slicing toes,
tinkering yith plasters and tape, trying
Ge-If Pol Your Ft-- In Clover
It bad Carna iulrk!r.
"Get It" Puts Your Feet in Clover
it Enrim rra. rt,,iWlu
to fix a corn so it wouldn't hurt. But!
now no oi.e in the world "should j
w'jrry", because the moment you put
"Gets-ll" on. it means the end of a I
corn. There is nothing in the world
like "Gets-It" no'hing as sure and
certain nothing that you can count on
to take off a corn or callus every time
and without dagger. The corn' never
grew that "Gets-It" will not get U
never irritates the flesh, never makes
your toe sore. Just two drops of
""Gets-It" and presto! the corn-pain
vanishes. Sh'jrily .you can peel the
corn right off with your finger and
there j")u are corn-free and happy
with the toe as s:iiooth and coin-free
as your palm. Neer happened before
did it? Guess no!.
Get a bottle of "Gets-lt" today from
any drug store, you need pay no more
tli;;ii 2.rc, or sent on receipt jr price
by E. Lawrence &. Co.. Chicago, III.
Sold in ilisbee and recommended as
the world's best corn remedy by Phelps
Dodjje Mercantile Co. Adv.
SHARP, STABBING PAINS!
i
Often Tell of Weak Kidneys. A Bis
bee Resident Shows You !
What To Do.
The sharp twinge in the small Vif
the back that strikes you after any
sudden twist or awkward motion, may
tell of weak kidneys. And there are
often signs of bladder trouble.
Doan's Kidney Tills are prepared
especially for weakened kidneys, kid
ney backache and bladder disorders ;
have proven their merit in thousands j
of cases. Doan's are endorsed through
out the civilized w'jrld are recom- j
mended by Bisbee residents.
Mrs. Joe Critchlow, 70 B, O. K.
Trail, Bisbee, says: "Doan's Kidney
Pills are the: finest kidney remedy 1
know of and I am -only too glad to
recommend them. Several years ago .
I was feeling miserable with kidney i
trouble. I suffered with awful back-,
aches and when I tried to pick up j
anything sharp pains would catch me '
in my back. Often black spots seemed
to eat before my eyes and my sight
was blurred. I felt all run down when
I began using Doan's Kidney Pills,
but they relieved me immediately,
two boxes of Doan's completely and
permanently cured me of all kidney
trouble." '
Price 60c at all dealers. Don't
simply ask for a kidney remedy get
Doan's Kidney Pills the same that
cured Mrs. Critchlow. Foster-Milburn
Co., Props., Buffalo, X. Y.
ONLY HALF IS NOW
SUBSCRIBED IN BIG
LIBERTYLOAN DRIVE
(Continues From Page One)
000; Philadelphia $44,079,400: Kansas
City. S76.151.n00r Dallas, Tex., $18,130,
600; Atlanta $12,962,100.
. "Reports of maximum quotas having
been passed tonight vary in different
par:s of the country. Des Moines is
$700,000 over its maximum; Kansas
City thinks it is well past its city quo
ta. Omaha long past its maximum,
continues to drive; Cincinnati will ex
ceed its quota by thirty per cent; Cle
veland hopes for a maximum record
and Pittsburg is past $50,000,000 and
going up all the time.
"Denver reports eight thousand sub
scriptions for a total of more than $8,
('00,000. Xebraska and Kansas are
righting out their old duel as to which
will make the better showing. Ore
gon sends the percentages of nine cit
ies over their minimum marks and
asks the east to shoot at their records:
Western Records.
They are: lone 127 per cen:; N'jrth
Bend 122 per cent; Carlton 120 per
cent; Paisley 114 per cent; Helix 117
percent; Lakeview 107 percent: Moro;
103 per cent and Jacksonville 102 per
cent.
'"Boston reports that New England
is moving along gradually. Chicago is
urning In many small but few large
subscriptions and reports conditions in !
rural districts to be improving. Kans-:
is City will turn "out forty thousand '
narchers in its Liberty day parade. !
"New York wires that its sales will
pass the billion dollar mark tomorrow, i
Leading citizens of San Francisco will
start an extensive campaign to
ichieve the city's maximum. San Di-;
ego has sold more than $3,000,000 and ;
5t. Louis reported that it must treble ;
;ts subscription list if it will reach its,
3Uota.
"About the daily average movement I
')t bonds, with high hopes of big sales
omorrow is reported from Minneapo
lis, Philadelphia, Dallas, Atlanta and
Richmond." i
Boy Scouts Roused.
St. Paul, through Louis W. Hill, has
Issued a challenge to the Boy Scouts of
ill other American communities. Si. i
Paul sc'juts have obtained subscrip-;
'.ions totalling $711,000. Mr. Hill re
ported, while the standing of the
?couts in St. Louis is reported as $302.
100; New York $119,000 and San Fran
cisco $103,000. with other large cities
said to be trailing.
At Mr. .Hill's suggestion Secretary
McAdoo will present to the boy scout
Drganizat.'.in making the largest sales
n the campaign a fittingly inscribed
mield or medal, to be fnriii.hed by the
St. Paul Liberty Loan committee.
In his statement made public by the
department tonight, Secretary McAdoo
tells of his experience in the south
west as follows:
"The spirit in which the young men
of the southwest have responded to the
selective draft law and In which the
t.tple generally are now subscribing
'o the Liberty Loan is inspiring and
heartening. I have seen many of the
soldiers in tneir camps and canton
ments and have talked with farmers,
bankers, cattlemen, professional men
iiul patriotic women. All realize that
the I'nited States is engaged in a
righteous war and are determined to
uphold their government in prosecut
ing it courageously Until a glorious vlc
.'jry is achieved."
VETERANS TO MEET
All Spanlsh-Americah War Veter
ans of the Warren District are request
ed to meet this evening at the Young
Men's Christian Association at 7
o'clock. Plans will he discussed and
niade for participation in the hig Lib
erty Day parade on Wednesday.
BRENNAN WINS.
'Hv Knvlew Trfaser1 V'rp
BOSTON. Oct. 2:1.-Hill Ureiman of
Chicago was awarded the decision overj
Battling Levinsky of New York atler,
12 rounds of fighting here touigiit.
r
l FT
us
help you plan your
house. Make you draw
ings of it and help you
in any way we can. We
have a regular architect
in connection who will
do this for you.
The best of material
and the best of service.
Gibgon-Hin.es
lumber Co.
J.W.F.Smitli,Hgr. timll
O. K. LIVERY AND
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
EYE NftRVE GLASSES
Study and much re-!
search work .since
1S92, is the cause of
my successful pracUce,
in Bisbee. Dr. R.
Glaze, Neutroloslst, ;
Room 1, Maze Bid;, Phone, Office.
156, Residence. Black 420.
We are paying good prices
for hides.
ARIZONA JUNK CO.
Lowell, Arizona.
GUARD YOUR
HEALTH!
Use Pasteurized Cream and Milk
At Your Grocers.
J
' The Pure Milk Depot,
Johnson Bldg, Main St.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
!f-f
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co., Boston, Duluth. Cat (.met.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL
Review Want Ads for Results
J. B.
i ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
CHICHE$TR 8 PILtS
ty-, THK DIAMOND BRANS. j.
lrvf-M. Ax-Tl'IIM IfEH-TraS
rw V ow bs Best. Slfait. AI-oti IMttW
S0LDFYB8tGG!5.ISnfStMRE
To All Deputies
1 want to Impress upon each dep
uty sheriff the absolute necessity
for extreme self-conjrol, cooL calm
judgment and patience. Avoid all
display of weapons. Remember,
you are deputized for protection of
self and property and the mainten
ance of peace. You are subject to
my call, a call which will be made
when necessary.
Let no act of yours lend to de
feat the object for which you wore
ieputized, namely the preservation
9f peace. I hold each man respon
sible for any illegal act or excess of
his authority and this applies to er
jry man in this district.
HARRY a WHEELER.
Sheriff.
i Himmt vfetnmtmrftim
Telephone 446
A Phone Call Will Bring Us.
LOS ANGELES JUNK SHOP
Highest Cash Prices Paid For "
Metals. Rubber, Rags, Sacks, Bottles,
Bones. Iron, Hides. Pelts, etc.
HOROWITZ BROTHERS, Proprietors
Lowell, Arizona. t
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
WATKINS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
rr-H.
The HALLMARK Store I
In Preparing Specifications
It makes a whole lot of differ
ence what kind of lumber you
use. If the lumber is to come
from us, you can figure on quan
tities much closer than if you
don't specify us. There i nt
waste to our lumber. It can be
used to the last inch. If your
plans are as right as our lum
ber your building will be a
tiiinly.
Company. im
CAR STOP.
PHONE 25.
: catarrh: THE RISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 24, 1917.
THREE
J
3
i
4
I
A'TIPO !
I JlMSTANT POSTUMlpP UCoff !
m t f Disagree 1
8! '.rr-rr' ;1 Use , i
l bmtojFa POSTUMj,
Si? - WiTlfai
PotumralCo ' " 5 t,j
I popular because it is popular
I to be healthy. I
MRS. BRYAN GAINER
EIGHTEEN POUNDS
Suffered Fifteen Years and No
One Believed She Would
Ever Get Out of Bed
Again.
The Review Wild Animal Prize Contest.
To the Wild Animal Editor:
I hereby certify I am not over 1 5 years of age and I
submit.. .7.. .names of wild animals in your prize
contest for free tickets to the Al. G. Barnes Big Four
Ring Wild Animal Circus, exhibiting in Bisbee on Fri
day, October 26.
Name -
Address
(Pin one of these1 coupons on your list)
When Tired and Nervous
If the end of the day finds you weary or irri
table, with aching headand frayed nerves,you need
something to tone and strengthen the system.
mam9 soot
are a remedy which quickly helps in restoring normal
conditions. They act on the stomach, liver and bowels.
r-A . . . 1, i A 1- 1 . 1 . 1
emu xciicw me sLiengui, anu sieaay ine rerves.
A few doses of these, world -famed family pills will
Direction of Special Value to Women are with Every Box
Sold by dnvsbts tbrouboct the world. Ia boxes, 10c 25c
BfIri
Relic
THE DAILY BEVIEW n tU AS im RESiiLU
"They said tliat an operation was the
only thins that would save me and
none of my people thought I would
ever Ret up again," said Mrs. Addie
Bryan, who resides at 2113 Crockett
street. Houston, when the Tanlac rep
resentative called at her home a few
days ago. ,
"That is just the condit?jn I was in.
after suffering agony for fifteen long
years," she continued. "I was told
that I had gallstones and there were
times when I had such an awful pain
in my side that I couldn't even bear
to touch the place with my hand. I
Just dreaded to see bedtime come, for
it only meant another night of rest
less misery to me because my terrible
pains would set in and keep me from
sleeping.
"I suffered all the time with Indiges
tion and my appetite left me entirely
because there was nothing I could eat
that wouldn't torture mv stomach and
bring on another of those dreadful
spells. I lost weight until I was so
thin and rundown and weak that I
.could hardly keep going and long ago
' I had to quit trying to do any w'ork
around the bouse.
t "The last spell I had kept me In bed
for two whole weeks and that was
when they said I would have to be op
: erated on or there was no hope for me.
; I tell you I thought that my time had
surely come then, for everything else
had been done for me, and every med
icine that we could find had failed to
i help me. I had read so much about
I Tanlac in the papers I thought I would
try it, for I couldn't bear to think of
j going to the hospital.
"Well, sir, it's the most wonderful
I thing I er saw, the way that Tanlac
took hold of my troubles and restored
me to good health. I have gone from
! one hundred and thirty pounds to one
i hundred and forty-eight, which is a
I gain of eighteen pounds, since I start
j ed taking the first bottle. Every sign
of the pain in my side left me long ago
I and for the last twe'o weeks, I have
been doing all my washing besides the
i rest of my housework, something 1
j couldn't even think of trying before. I
can now sit down and eat as hearty a
. meal as anybody and enjoy every bite
j 1 take. I sleep like a child and my
' rest strengthens me and I am gaining
every day I live. All my nervousness
has disappeared and I'm just simply
' happy to think of what Tanlac has
done for me. I feel like it is my duty
tell of the benefit that I have ob
tained from Tanlac so that everybody
who suffers like I did, can.know it and
if there is anybody who wants to know
more about it, let them come to me."
Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug Co.,
in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in E'owie
hy Bowie Drug Store, in San Simon by
J B. Cooke, and in Wilcox by A. A.
Nicholson, and in Lowel by Lowell
'Drue Co. Ad.V
JAMES S, DOUGLAS i
WRITES ABOUT HIS '
TRIPTO FRANCE1
Mrs. Douglas Gives Press Ex- j
tracts From the Letters That
She Has Received FromN
Him.
Mrs. James S. Douglas, who was in
Bisbee on Sunday to bid her friends
good-bye, left Monday evening for Los
Angeles. After spending one day in
Mhe coast city she will proceed to;
! American Lake to vait her son, Lieut, i
Lewis Douglas, who is training there:
in an artillery regiment, expecting
soon to leave for the front. Sineflj
her husband left for France Mrs. I
Douglas has remained in New York.
where she has been in close touch I
wih her youngest son. James, who
Is in school at Mount Clair, New
Jersey. She will remain at American
Lake until Lieutenant Douglas is re
moved from that training camp when
she will return to New York. Before
leaving Doug'as she gave the Douglas
International for publication some ex
tracts from the letters that she had
received from her husband, James S.
Douglas, which she has received from
him since his departure from France
to engage in Red Cross work. These
extracts will be read with interest by
many of the friends of Mr. Douglas
in Bisbee and throughout the state of
Arizona. They follow:
On Crowded Boat
"OnS. S. Rochambeau, Sept. 12. 1917,
2600 miles from New' York. j
"We are out eight full days today.
Are very heavily loaded, have made(
slow time and may not be in France
until Friday evening if we have good
luck. Great caution is being exer
cised today and we are following a
zigzag course, or rather jumping ab
ruptly to port every hour or so.
"Seven French torpedo boat de
stroyers came over the horizon this
afternoon and quite close to us. Per
haps they are not far oft tonight.
"Excepting a heavy laden tram
freighter which crossed our course
quite close to us this morning wd
have not seen any shipping since we
left."
r
w
e
M
ust Save
h
or reris
Do you realize that the war calls for nearly half of the money that the
people of this country will earn this year?
The money must be found, too.
Argument is useless. . We must fight and win, or become slaves, as
ihz poor people of France and Belgium have become.
We must work, save, and lend money to the Government.
Common sense and duty demand it.
Buy a Liberty
Bond
Ij Call in, let us answer your questions and fix up an application for you.
BANK OF BISBEE
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST CO.
MINERS & MERCHANTS BANK
uusuoBguuHt
France Is Wonderful
"Paris, France, Sept. 19, 1917.
"La Belle, France, is wonderful,
wonderful more beautiful than my
dreams.
"Spent two days at Bordeaux and
only got here Monday night. Had a
most interesting time at Bordeaux,
where cur government is constructing
supply depots and new wharves. I
had a chance to see how the work is
being handled.
"I saw Major Murphy yesterday and
will go to see him again today.
"The Red Cross have a tremendous
job on their hands. They fear a fuel
famine this winter.
"I have seen nothing of Paris as
yet. Was very busy yesterday, but
went with Major Murphy last night
to see two of the best actors in
France."
"Paris, Sept. 29.
"I have been busy on the coal situ
ation for Major Murphy; so far have
gotten poor results, but hope to see
some signs of getting what we are
after soon. The coal mines of France
are two-thirds in the captured terri
tory, and coal this winter will be
scarce. The use of coal is restricted
by the government, and we at this:
hotel only have hot water for bath
two days a week, and I am told no
hotel in Paris is allowed greater privi
leges than this .(Continental). A
small jug of hot water can be had for
shaving in the morning, but no bath
water. Lights and the use of power
is reduced to a minimum, and in
every way possible the use of coal is
reduced. It costs about $45 gold a
ton, and the poor buy It at a higher
cost in very small quantities.
"They look for a mild winter, as
last winter was very severe, and it is
to be hoped that they will not be dis
appointed, as the supply of coal Is
very low.
"For this reason the Red Cross is
trying to get a large stock on hand
for emergency.
"There are so many things to write
about that it is difficult to know
where to start. -
Red Cross Work Is Great
"The Red Cross is .doing great
work. A brainy bunch of Americans,
beaded by Major Murphy and Major
Perkins, are running it and getting
wonderful results already. Everybody
in our country should - work their
heads off for it, and I am sure they
will. Cheer for us when you get to
Douglas or Los Angeles.
"Some of the Red Cross work even
ings to pick up the unfinished busi
ness with which they are swamped.
"I visited the Menllly hospital, but
excepting Mr. Mayo, who came over
with me, met nobody that I knew.
In fact, the opportunity to see people
has not come yet. Have been too
busy so far.
"Went K Notre Dame on Saturday
with Mayo. It is wonderful. The
I-ouvre is closed and soare the mu
seums, as the attendants have gone
to the front.
"The women are running the street
cars and subways, and are waiting in
most of the restaurants. Even the por-
What the Banks in Bisbee
Will Do Regarding
L
loercy oonoi
We will purchase a Liberty Bond for you on the following terms:
SAY A $50.00 BOND
$5.00 upon signing application.
$5.00 monthly thereafter.
We will allow you interest on your Savings account up to time
of withdrawal.
Your interest starts upon final payment of the. Bond.
Should you desire to sell your bono! even before final payment
we agree to dispose of same and pay you your equity in the bond.
Bonds to be dated November 15, 1917, 4 per cent interest payable
semi-annually, due 1942. Government reserves right to pay same
after November 15, 1927.
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST CO.
MINERS & MERCHANTS BANK
BANK OF BISBEE
ters at railroad stations are women.
"France is very much in, earnest
about the war; but we must hurry up
and come to her help, as she is losing
lots of men. A hospital train arrives
every little while and the wounded on
the streets are thick I mean without
arms or legs. Women wear mourning
f.nd men with crape on their arms are
thick, and on the whole it is very de
pressing. But, on the other hand, the
streets are full of gay people and the
cafes are crowded at luuvh and din
ner time."
REVIEW CARRIERS
MAY GOLLECT THE
PAPERVAGCOUNTS
Warning Published in Septem
ber Had Reference to Mailed
Bill Forms Only.
tthat they telephone in to the offn-e
and make inquiry. Both the Review
ard the carriers will welcome it.
I Mr. George Lyman, who is develop
I ing a ranch five miles south of Mc
: Neal, has returned from Los Angeles
where he has been for some weeks vis
j Iting his daughter and looking after
realty interests he has there.
British shipping controller has de
cided to establish standard wage for
seamen, which is practically double
the old rate. Preliminary decision
'fixes $55 a month for seamen of foreign-going
;vessels and $57.50 for fir3-inen.
Br raaoa of thorough distribution
with the drur trrnlo in the I nited
h tales and lower Brtllnx roata. reduced
prise are bow poulble tot
Eckman's
Alterative
FOR THROAT AND LUNGS
Stnbkwn roughs mud Colda
Ho AlenbnU Narcotic ur Haim-forminc Drue
$2 Size SI Size
Now SI -50 Now 80 Ct.
E-kmmn Ijiboratorr. PhUadelohta.
Review carrier beys are starting out
today with bills for customers who
have been unable to pay their ac
counts by mail. Last month many
subscribers had the impression that
the carriers were, not authorized to
collect on recounts, and to correct
this idea the Review wishes to state
that boys are allowed to collect the
biils which they bring around with
them in their regular books the
warning that the paper published dur
ing the first part' of September was
in regard to the bill forms that were
mailed out.
However, if any subscribers have
doubts in the matter, it is suggested
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING QUICK RESULTS
Tegal notices
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING
Notice is hereby given that the annu
al meeting t the sto-kh6lders of the
Wolverine & Arizona Mining Company
will be held ac the office of the com
pany, Bisbee. Arizona. Wednesday.
November 14th. 1917. at 12 o'clock in
fer the election of nine directors for
the ensuing year, and for the transac
tion of such business as may lawfully
come before the meeting.
Transfer bttoks will close Monday,
October 29. 1917, and will open again
Thursday. November 15th. 1917.
Dated Calumet, Michigan, October
17th, 1917.
CHARLES CHYNOWETH.
Secretary.
it WA TER
1 HE A TING
Ills
j
The process of heating water for domestic purposes has been rev
olutionized in the past few years through the introduction and
perfection of gas fired water heaters, until today it is no longer a
a problem to secure an abundance of hot water quickly and econo
mically, in any dwelling, large or small.
Today, in the countless thousands of homes where gas fired water healers are in
stalled, an abundance of hot water is available for any purpose. By some types of heat
ers the water is heated instantly at the turn of a faucet, by others, within a few min
utes after lighting the heaters, and all without labor, inconvenience or discomfort, ind
at a reasonable cost for gas.
LET US SHOW YOU
I Bisbee Improvement Co. FOUR
iTiE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 24, 1917.
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Member of the Associated Press The Associated
Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication
of all news credited to it or not otherwise credited in
this paper and also the local news published herein.
All lights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Adrertising Rates on Application.
ntarod as Second Class Mall Matter at Blibea, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH $ .76
THREE MONTHS i25
m MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.50
8UNDAV (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
VTNCAT (Our Weekly) per Quarter 76
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cent.
PHONE NO. S&
Review aubscrloera not receiving a copy of The Biabre
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will set one promptly by
special Western Union Meesenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor if the irregularity of delivery Is reported
to the Circulation Department. .The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Wednesday Morning, October 24, 1917.
' ' ROBERT FITZSIMMONS.
The telegraph yesterday carried the news of the
passing of Robert Pitzsimmons, former heavyweight
champion of the world. He is worthy of more than pass
ing notice. Weighing only 158 pounds in his ring cos
tume, he won both the middleweight and heavyweight
championships against the greatest fighters of the past
decade. Jack Dempsey and James J. CorbetL Fitzsim
mons was a Cornishman, raised in Australia, and he came
to this country some twenty-five or thirty years ago to
win the world's premier honors as a fighting man. He
was the hardest hitter that ever donned a glove. "The
bigger they are, the harder they fall," was a maxim cf
this middleweight, who felled the big ones in a round
or two with consummate ease. But It is of his gameness
that his friends and admirers love to bear witness. This
baldheaded, freckled, thin-wafsted, broad-shouldered glad
iator was game to his heart's core. He fought on after
he was beaten and won the crown from Corbett Beaten
by Jeffries, he came back and won two grand fights
when far past his price, and then cut Jeffries to ribbons
in a second battle and would have regained the title but
for his broken hands. Old and broken, the vigor of youth
gone forever, Ftiz was indomitable to the end of his ring
career. The champions of today are cheap four-riushers.
who talk but do not fight They are financiers.- But
FiU was a fighting man par excellence. Always on the
square, a good sportsman, observing all the best tradi
tions of the ring, he was a gallant foe and a fine friend.
That old conquerer. Death, has counted ten over the
champion of champions. Well, so be it, but this editor
man cannot watch that fatal count without shedding a
tear and paying some small tribute to the gamest, great
est fighting man that ever crawled through the ropes of
a ring. So long, Fitz, old scout, let your calling have
been, and be now, what it may, you were a man!
A member of the German general staff is 'quoted as
declaring that America will just about class with Rou
manta in the part she will play In the European war;
that she will be able to place about as many men in
the field and they will fight about as well as the Rou
manians did. How silly and incomprehensible is such
a statement from such a high quarter. Here is egotism
at its apex. Rou mania had about a half million men, all
told, and they were badly beaten and driven like chatf
before the gale because they had no artillery, ammuni
tion or aircraft. America will be able to place about
a million men in the field next year and a couple ot
million more the year after, if the war should last that
long. And a couple of million more the next year. And
mere than this, she can equip these men with all the
guns and artillery and ammunition and aircraft they
need. As for the fighting ability of the American sol
dier, he is of the same stock as the English, Irish. Scotch
and Canadian regiments that are beating the best the
Prussian has today in Flanders. Americans by the thou
sands are fighting in the Canadian regiments. American
fliers are beating the Germans in the air every day. Why
this German staff officer should emit such piffle is a
mystery. It Is doubtless taken an the gospel in Germany
Well, they will wake up next summer. And the summer
after. they will have a terrible nightmare with the khaki
boys playing the part of Banquo's ghost.
It is figured out in Germany that they have enoug'i
potatoes there to last until the next crop if they eat
nothing but cabbage in the meantime. That mean? a
boost 1n the kraut Industry.
When the neutral nations are no longer allowed to
transmit food and supplies tp Germany, they may get out
of the neutral class. This applies to Norway, Sweden
and Holland.
Quite a number of our leading citizens are beginning
to blow political soap bubbles for the fall of 1918. Ami
the results will be almoin as permanent.
THE ANNUAL TOLL.
In the untimely death of "Frank N. Wolcott, pioneer
resident of Tombstone and Cochise county, the necessity
of carefulness with hunters and the prevalence among
them of carelessness, are again sadly contrasted. The
hunter was shot through the breast. So far, investigation
has failed to locate the man Mjho sent the. fatal bullet
home.
Last year Konrad Scbmid of Lowell was badly wound
ed and only saved Xrom death by prompt action. In the
fall of 1915 the Chiricahuas witnessed a fatality among
hunters. Other parts of the state report similar acci
dents and the total, throughout the nation, is appalling.
Though the story is an old one, "Safety First" can
well be applied by people who are in search of game.
The life of one human being is worth hundreds of deer.
When hunters draw a sight on an indistinct movement
in the brush, they should be made to realize that hu
mans, as well as animals, can make noises and can
agitate leaves and branches.
Of Frank Wolcott personally, too much cannot be
said. The county has lost an invaluable citizen. He
came to Tombstone in 1881, when that camp was the
wonder of the country and when Its silver treasure
trickled out into the byways of commerce to aid in
making of the nation what it now is. From the outset,
Wolcott engaged in the mercantile business. He was
operating one. of the largest stores in the county seat
at the time of his death.
Wolcott's friends were legion. A glance through his
old ledgers will disclose his faith in the hardy old pros
pector and miner. The number ot old accounts, "grub
stakes" and advances are without number. Yet Wolcott
continued to believe in human nature and to his last days
was a friend to all 'and an enemy to none.
AMERICAN-MADE DYESTUFFS WIN FAVOR ABROAD.
The American dye industry has not only grown big
enough to supply practically all domestic needs, but Is
now exporting important quantities to other nations. In
July nearly $500,000 worth of aniline dyes were shipped
abroad, according to figures published by the bureau ot
foreign and domestic commerce of the department of
commerce. This is the first time that separate statistics
for aniline exports have ever been issued, the innovation
resulting from the recent striking growth of the trade.
Of all the industries created or developed as a direct
result of war conditions, none has shown more rapid
progress than American dyestuffs. From only seven es
tablishments In which 528 people were engaged in pro
ducing 6,619,729 pounds of coal-tar colors, valued at
11,126,699, in 1914, the industry has developed until nw
it not only supplies the domestic demand for colors, but
has even Invaded the foreign market In European neutra'
and allied countries, Canada, Mexico, Argentina, Brazil.
British India and Japan.
No other article of commerce more vitally affects a
greater number of industries than do coal-tar dyes, and
very few articles rival t'jem in complexity of manufacture
At the outbreak of the war the difficulties in the way of
soon, providing adequate domestic supplies seemed in
surmountable; yet In the short space of three years scores
of plants covering many acres of ground have beet
erected; numerous by-product coke ovens have been
equipped to furnish the necessary raw materials; thou
sands of workmen have teen trained; special machinery
has been designed, built and Installed; hundreds of chem
ists and chemical engineers have given their entire t'roe
to the unfamiliar work connected with color product'on;
experimental research has been inaugurated for perf ect
ing processes and machinery and the possible discovery
of new colors; organization, consolidations and alliances
have been effected within the industry to further increase
output at decreased cost; and it is understood in the
trade that plans are under w-ay for entering foreign mar
kets on a large scale.
Rippling Rhymes
(By WALT MASON.)
BLESSING IN DISGUISE.
The cost of living still is high, and
men of modest means must cut out
porterhouse and pie, and live on whole
some greens. I used to freely blow
my coin for viands rare and rich, ex
pensive cuts of tenderloin and terra
pin and sich. But in such grub I have
no share, now, when the noon hour
strikes; a horse might view my bill of
fare, and find the things it likes. A
cow might scan the daily spread In
this, my humble cot, and sigh, "Right
here I would be fed such victuals hit
the spot!" I gnaw the lueious ear of
corn, Of squash I eat my fill, and wash
both down with a horn of cider from
the mill. To furnish me the food I
need no creature spills its blood; I've
eaten so much cattle feed that now I
chew my cud. I'm eating horse feed
day by day, clean herbs and grain and
chaff, and when I'd talk I often neigh,
and whinny when I'd laugh. But, oh,
I'm feeling fit and fine! I've shaken off
disease; no rheumatism now is mine,
no cramps are in my knees. We eat
too much, our grub's too rich, when
we have coin to spare; and it's a good
ly thing to ditch the costly bill of fare.
Steadily forward, inch by Inch, foot by foot, and mile
by mile, the inexorable British machine makes it way
into the heart of the German lines In Flanders. Haig
battered his way a mile deeper Monday morning and
the signs point to another smash before this week comes
to an end. The signs point plainly to the fact that only
the weather can save Von Hindenburg in the wist this
fall. An early winter will enable him to hang on and
then make another strategic retreat like that of thV
Somme in the early spring. He will have to give up
Lille and most of northern France and about a thousand
miles of Belgium and the Zebrugge submarine base, the
most troublesome of the lot. Another Cerman retreat
means a plain admission of defeat, so the Prussians may
be depended upon to bang on to tne last gasp. But, sure
as fate, they must give way. The 'British machine has
arrived at last, and it has proven all summer long that
It is superior to the beat that the Germans can ma"ke,
move or muster.
Three-cent postage will bear heavily upon the treasur
ies of the various German and pacifist societies which J
depend upon the mails to "influence" congress.
When the American rookies get on the firing line
and begin to sing there will be additional excuse for tha
falling back of the German battalions.
As we understand he situation. Austria-Hungary Is
willing to worry along without "a place in the sun."
Bolo Pasha is again in trouble. What a comic opera
name? Harry B. Smith must have discovered him.
It is now possible for a man to save the money he
usually Invested in hum aud eggs and buy a bond.
MINING NOTES FROM
VARIOUS PARTS
OF THE COUNTRY
George Henshaw. represen'ing the
Norton-Morgan Commercial company,
made a trip to Cochise, Dragoon and
Johnson last week and reports un
usual mining activities at Dragoon and
Johnson. Around Dragoon the Wolf
ram properties are again being opened
and much .activity is manifested in
bat section. At Johnson he states a
regular boom is due. During the draft
period a large quo:a of men wert
"filed from there and shortage of la
bor thereafter experienced. The places
of the absent ones have been supplant
ed and the work is beginning again
In earnest. Puildines . and iniDrove-
ments are going on rapidly, and John
son wi'I this winter have a year of
rosperity unprecedented in Its his
tory. New properties will be opened
up and the old reliable ones will in
crease their forces.
H. A. Morgan reports that the min
ing activity in the Aravaipa sectioD
is also taking a new start. A number
of properties are being worked and
some very high-grade ore taken out
by burros to the wr.gon road, where
it Is bein? freighted to railroad.
At Dos Cabezas the Mascot is ship
ping more than twice the amount of
ore than ever before and constantly
expanding its production.
The Casey Gold, operated by Mr.
Welty, is driving a tunnel to conned
with the large ore tody. The tunne i
Is now so far advanced that they ex
pect to cut this ore body next Sat
urday. Mr. Welty s'ated that this
tunnel a!so cut a seven-foot ledge not
appearing on the surface.
The LeRoy Consolidated Mining
company, in charge of Mr. Peterson,
is . rushing along improvements and
operations are being made to make
regular shipments.
The Bean properties are now bein?
operated by California pertics who
ire now doing considerable work
with very gratifying results. A
lurger force or men win soon be put
'o work on this property.
.. Never before in the' history of this
ec.icn has the mining ac'ivities been
sreater and the future for this branch
of industry more promising. Willcox
Range News.
OLD TAILING BED TO i
BE WORKED OVER
J. H. Hurt & Co. have acquired the
old tailings dump of the Grand Cen
tral mine,- one of the b!g producers1
of the early mining days, one mi!f i
v.-tst of Fairfcank. p.nd will work it I
over Tor the mineral it contains. The
firm, wl)ih has established headquar
ters in Fairbank, will build a spur
tra'-k lO'iO feet h.ng connecting with
the Menson-Nogaies branch o" the
Southern Pacific, utilizing the road
bed of a former track tikon up several
yenrs ago. This loadbi d is still in
pretty good condition and only light
grading will be required to make it
ready to receive the rat's. The leasing
firm will do this wcrk with their own
workmen but have an agreement with
the Southern Parific upon tha! com
pnny's usual basis for installing in
dustrial trackage. This spur track is
expected to be completed in about 10
days and machinery ordered placed
in position as soon thereafter as can
be done. The concentrates .of which
the dump is composed, will be shipped
to Deming or El Paso for smelting.
BRINGING A NEW PILOT
State and County News Briefs
Brief State Notes
fine not exceeding $100 for the first
ofen.se or thirty days in jail.
County Briefs
After J. E. Beets ot Kansas Cityi ion cant keep a good thing down,
goes back and squares things up witb Beans will grow in the McXeal basin
his wife and child, he may be allowed I n pite of the owner of the land. Clyde
Corn patches throughout the Gila
valley resemble miniature forests. Sat
urday B. W. McLaughlin brought into
Saft'jrd a corn stalk that stood 12 feet
high in the field. The corn was plant-j to come back to the sunshine state of i Samson, six miles east from McXeal.
ed July 6. It was not the length of hirizona. This was intimated at a! raised a cr0D of maize on a fleld where
the corn stalk that was ol interest to conference between Governor Camp- ne Dad Deans Panted last year. ! Be
Mr. McLaughlin, but the fact that it j bell, assistant State's Attorney Wbit-isldes maturing a good crop of maiae.
bore two big ears of corn that indicate I ney, Beets himself, and his attorney, I Mr- Samson picked $105.00 worth of
a yield of 75 bushels to the acre. p. h. Haynes, yesterday afternoon. I volunteer beans.
I The conference was held to decide up-
Accordin? to the crop report issued ! on the extradition of Beets asked by A Liberty Loan raily will be held on
by the U. S. government, Arizona is j the Kansas officials. At the conclu-Jthe High school lawn at Benson, next
short 73,000 tons of hay this year, but) 8i0n of the hearing yesterday the gov
;he crop this year is worth nearly $4,-: ernor signed the extradition papers
000,000 more than the crop last year.j turning Beets tver to Kansas. Some
Arizona also produced 340,000 bushels : time ago Beets cleaned up a pile of
money and came west with it, leaving
his wife and child back in the home
town. Entreaties on her part to re
turn to her and their child met with
a cold reception it Is said. He was
simply crazy about the sunshine here.
less wheat but received over $400,000
more for the short crop. Potato pro
duction was Increased 208,000 bushels,
worth ?0 cents per bushel more than
the crop last year.
Jesus Gatierrez. a well known jitney
driver, was brutally murdered on the
Tucsou-Nogales road after midnight
The place Is several miles from town.
Gutierrez is Relieved to have been driv
ing his car for bootleggers. The Jor
dan car which he drove was found hid
den in the brush. The man's skull
was crushed with a sune. Officers
have gone to the scene of the m'urder
and 'are investigating.
ROYAL BEGINS TWO
SERIAL PICTURES
Friday afternoon. Good speaking. Ft.
Huachuca band. Dance at night at
the auditorium under the auspices of
the Liberty Loan cOmmiUee. The net
proceeds will be donated to the Red
Cross.
Mrs. E. Keller reported to the sher
iffs office Monday that sue was hav
ing considerable trouble with some
one near ber ranch who seemed
either anxious to have her move or
else desired to destroy her ranch. Mrs.
; Keller lives on a homestead a few
miles from Douglas. On two occa
sions, she says, her place has been
set afire and robbers often visit her
"I consider 'The Seven Pearls' as en-1 granary.
tertaining and as well produced as any i
of our best serials," said Manager Nor- j Without Informing any but their inti-
Thursday last the Relief Society and 'cross of the Royal theatre in discuss- nate friends. D. B. White and Mrs.
the Young Ladies' Mutual Improve- lng lhe Pathe production he will pre-. Maud Camming, of Benson le ift on the
sent touay.
ment Association of Pima comman
deered several teams, hayracks and
pitchforks, including a strawstack, and
industrially labored through the cay
putting s:raw on the sandy roads lead
ing to the Pima bridge on both sides
of the river. 'Rah for the Puna ladies.
Miss Moiiy King, wno am p wnere th were marrled. A
such excellent work in 'Mystery of the ; message from Mr. Whi.e to Mr. Wm.
Double Cross,' plays the leading role .Zeek at Benson gives this information,
in this serial. Creighton Hale, who I AltA that they would leave for the
became popular with serial fans by bis; coast by way of Santa Fe route visit
work as the "Laughing Mask, in The,.ng Los Angeles and San Diego. after-
Leon i wards going to Richmond, across the
bay from -San Francisco, where Mr.
when they drive
roads.
LOOK FOR CHAUFFEUR.
fUy Review Leased W!r'
EL PAPO, Oct. 2n. All soldiers in
this district have been enlisted In a
search for John Iuglilin, a young a;'
tomohile driver, who disappeared
seven days aso. lie was last seen in
his automobile with two deserters, who
left their uniforms at Fcrt Hliss and
wore civilian clothes. It is feared by
the boy's father that lie was taken to
.Mexico and murdered by the deserters.
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING HESL'LTS
... i, .n ovamnln that should ln Claw is the leading man. 1
-., . k 0a .liJliary. well known on the French and
a lit le volunteer work on the roads j American stage as the leading man White has proper? Interests, to make
.K.n .n,ir continual bumningi r Sarah Bernhardt who made a sue- their home.
their cars over tne . j
! Shadow' and as tiie hero in .My.-teiy ; Rev. a:d Mrs. J. E. Ferris left Ben-
of the Double Ci'jss,' again enacU the; s))n Monday for Glentlale, the new ap-
Redmond Toohey & Son, road build-! role Of the villain. i Mntment for Mr. Ferris by the Meth-
ing contrac tors are in Ray this week "The story by Clias. W. Goddard. a;0dist -tate Conterence just closed. His
"Oing over the piMposed wagon road ' well known dramatist who wrote 'The i congregation and the people generally
to be built from the Broken Hill mine 1 1'erils of Pauline' and collaborated very much regret bis transfer to an
to the Ray and Gila Vallev railroad. I with Mr. Reeve in The Exploits ol other flld. Mr. and Mrs. Ferris have
Thev will submit their bid the first of Klaiue,' is one thai will interest Amer-' done a good work there and will be
the week. Engineer Gordon ot tnei"-" auuiti".-o. " ....-....v h-uij ,,r '-
inrilling, 11 nas oeen wen pruuui eu uj new p reamer, itev. uaviu Konens. id
the Astra Film Corporation under the expected to arrive in time to preach
personal supervision of Mr. Louis J. Sunday nishL In case he does not,
Gasnier and has theatmosphere that however. Rev. Dr. Caddis of Phoenix,
we put in our five-reel features, plus will occupy the pulpit.
the snappy serial action."
The Fatal Ring. i William F. Fairall. 649 Thirteenth
In "The Fatal Ring," which opens 8treet for many years a resident of
at the Royal today AUss pearl nue-' Douglas, and well known, died at his
plays the role of Pearl Standisli, a home Monday morning. Mr. Fairall
Broken 1 1 ill mine is endeavoring to
have this road completed by the time
the hoists and other machinery' arrive.
There are many tons of good milling
gold bearing ore on the dump at pres
ent that can be loaded and shipped as
soon as the road is completed.
Warning acainst the transfer of lic
ense tags from one automobile to an
other has again been issued by Secre
tary of State Sidney P. Osborn. "Num
erous cases have come to the attention
of this office of the changing of num
ber plates from one car to another,"
said the secretary. "This practice is
expressly forbidden by the Arizona
Rtatu'.e, and persons' who remove the
license tags from a car and put them
on another machine are liable to
prosecution on a misdemeanor charge."
The penalty tor transferrins number
I'iates from one car to another 's a !
twentieth century heiress whose love wa8 Dorn julv 21 1SHN ta Indiana. He
for excitement leads her Into a path ol a survived by a. widow. Mrs. Cora Lee
lOmance and adventure. Her millions Fairant father and mother. Mr. and
of admirers w ho have followed her ad- jrs j0hn Fairall. two brothers. Harry
ventures In "The Perils of Pauline." anj Charles Fairall. and a sister. Mrs.
"The Exploits of Elaino" and "The,nnne Ost. livink at Danville. III. He
Iron Claw" will welcome her return to was a member of the Fraternal Order
the screen in this picture, which gives f 0f Kaeles and of the local painters and
her the greatest opportunity of her ca-' molders unions, having at one time
reer. worked a' the C. & A. smelter.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 24, 1917.
1fiiLES
In every letter to your
boy with the land forces
or the fleet send btm a
few bars or a package of
The times when It's hard
to et are the times they
prize it.
They want the lasting re
freshment, the cool, sweet
comfort of this handy
confection.
1
'After
every
meat
.1
tth
IMo
ney to Loan
ON
WATCHES, DIAMONDS, JEWELRY
OR WHAT HAVE YOU?
Special Sale Unredeemed Watches and Diamonds.
$9.75
17 Jewel Elgin or Waltham Watches, 20 year gold cases.
$20.00 and $:S0.0O -values
30 days free trial and if not a good timekeeper your money' refunded.
United Loan and Jewelry Co.
I
1 Brewei
(BRANCH OF 16 CALIFORNIA STORES)
Brewery Gulch, across from Union theater.
Do YOU wiliat II-
This paper cost you 5c
You are reading 'our neighbor's paper
You plan to take the REVIEW
But haven't got around to it yet
NOW IS THE TIME
To help seme boy whose name is given below to earn
$50-$ 15
Warren, Frank Limlsey; Bakervillc. Maurice Uuraff ; South Bisbee.
Richard Sharpe; Naco Road, Johnson Addition, City of Lowell.
Eugene Oallach'-r and Bud Pasr-Ei; Higgins Hill, Quality Hill and
Mascn Hill, Hubert I erry; School Hill. Opera Drive, Temby avenue
and Highroad. Hubert b;-iloff; Tombstone Canyon. Abe Milburn
and Semis Ellitioff; Von Lais. Kenneth Mort; laundry Hill, Earl
Hickf; Lnper Lowell, C. fc A. Kill, Jiggerville, Walter Steele; Brew-
'. rry Gulch. Younghlood Hill. O. K. Ff-eet and Chihuahua Hill. Oor
t don Wallace and Richard Ojeria; Business District, William
Krookinge; Winwood Addition, William Kiley.
New subscriptions only bring credit in contest.
REVIEW delivered by carrier or mail to new sub
scribers three months for $2.00; or six months for
$4.00; one year $7.50; per month 75c.
BISBEE DAILY REVIEW PHONE 39.
CLIP THIS COUPON AND MAIL IT TODAY.
: 19
Enclosed Is $ for which please send Uie WSliEE
DAILY REVIEW to '.
f
...
Please credit Sub. to -
For
, contestant
THE REVIEW'S WILD
ANIMAL CONTEST IS
DRAWING NEAR CLOSE
Answers Pour in Daily Con
taining Names of Every
thing That Walks, Crawls,
or Flies!
Goodness!
GIRLS! 1CKEN AND
BEAUTIFY YOUR HI
JUD SIJPMhlF
Try this ! Your hair gets Wavy,
glossy and abundant
at once.
r
To be possessed of a head of heavy,
We never expected there : beautiful hair; soft, lustrous, fluffy.
would be so much fun and Interest in I wavy and free from dandruff Is merely
The Review Wild Animal Contest.
Lists are puring in and the Wild An
imal Editor has already asked for help
to check up the lists.
Every boy and girl in
wants to see the Al. G,
a matter of using a little Danderine.
It is easy and inexpensive to have
nice, soft hair and lots of it. Just get
a 25-cent bottle of Knowlton's Dander-
all Bisbee j ine now all drug stores recommend
Barnes Big ! it apply a little as directed and with-
Four Ring Wild Animal Circus, which , in ten minutes then, will be an ap
is coming to show at this city October j pearance of abundance, freshness,
26 in afternoon and evening perform- fluffiness and an Incomparable gloss
ances, and many of these boys and ' and lustre, and try as you will you
girls are going to win free tickets to j can not find a trace of dandruff or fall
this most marvelous collecUon of 1,000 Ing hair; but your real surprise will
wild performing animals, which do I be after about two weeks use, when
acts that make you thrill, or split your ! ou will see new hair fine and downy
sides laughing. !at first ves but really new hair
You want to see the big, new, spec-! sprouting out all over ybur scalp
tacular "The Conquest of Nyanza." If ! Danderine is, we believe, the only sure
you look in your geography you will ! hai" grower, destroyer of dandruff and
cure ior ucny scaip uuu u never iaus
to stop falling hair at once.
If you want to prove how pretty and
soft your hair really la moisten a elbth
with a little Danderine and carefully
draw it through your hair taking one
small strand at a time. Your hair will
be soft, glossy and beautiful in just a
few moments a delightful surprise
awaits everyone who tries this.
(Advertisement)
f v u ' - - -
7-; . -,v
i?
4
if
mm
v . . jv . rf ,
j WILD ANIMAL CIRCUS PRIZE CON
TEST" are 18 different letters of the
alphabet, enough to spell several hun
dred names of different wild animals.
Each letter may be used as often as
necessary in spelling the name.
Only names of wild animals may
be used, domestic animals, such as
horse, cat, dog, being barred.
Names must be spelled correctly and
used not more than once in the same
must be addressed to "The
Wild Animal Editor, The Review," and
must be written on one side of paper
only and numbered. Coupon clipped
from The Review and properly filled
out must be pinned to lists.
1st Prize Six Reserved seat tickets
to the circus
2nd Prize Four Reserved scat tickets
to the circus
3rd Prize Three Reserved seat tickets
to the circus
4th Prize Two Reserved seat tickets
to the circus.
5th Prize Two General admission
tickets to the circus.
Next Eighteen Prizes One General
admission ticket each to the circus.
So now get your list in at once and
Tatch The Review for the hour of dis
tributing the prizes by the celebrated
animal trainer and scientist, Al. G.
Barnes, at The Review office. If for
J
Something a Lot of Youngsters Are
Going to See Free.
see Lake Xyanza in Germanic Africa.
It is around this great lake thai the
rarest and most monstrous animals are
found.
Mr Rarnes has ronnuered the beast
of the jungles, and presents this great ! reason Mr- Barnes cannot get up
pageant showing in circus splendor I lhe newspaper office to give y ou the
how animals are brought out of thetthe Prizes- there wiU be a real show,
wil(js man who will, and Mr. Barnes will
a .,v,, ., meet you at-the circus grounds. Con't
day. Your list must be in by tomor
row, 6 p. m., at The Review office. Re
member, now, get your list to the Wild
Animal Editor, The Review, not later
ian 6 o'clock tomorrow evening, and
watch tomorrow's paper for announce
ment of distribution of prizes.
In order that every boy and girl 15
years of age or under in Bisbee, Octo
ber 26, and vicinity may understand
the contest and have a chance at it, we
are going to reprint the conditions
now.
In the sentence, "AL. G. BARNES
miss an issue of The Review from now
on. !
Croup.
If your children are subject to croup
get a bottle of Chamberlain's Cough
Remedy, and when the attack comes
on be careful to follow the plain print
ed directions You will be surprised
at the quick relief which it affords.
Avertisement.
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
r - -
Now's the Time to Buy Your Supply of
l' 1JL T JCJL
laiikets an
O LOfflfO
This is the opportune time to buy blankets and comforts. It is advisable to see to your
future wants and buy now if you wish to save money. Blankets and comforts are go
ing way up in prices. All mills are making these goods for the soldiers and mercantile
institutions are NOT getting more new supplies, therefore, as present stocks diminish
prices will inadvertently and automatically rise.
Our assortments were bought many months ago and we are in a splendid position
to sell you the best blankets and comforts at practically lastyear's low prices. Note these:
Plaid Blankets
Price range from $5.95
to $15.00.
Nashua Blankets
A long nap wool finish
Blanket very wram
has washing qualities far
superior to wool.
60x76 Plaids $3.00
66x80 Greys $3.50
66x80 Plaids $4.00
72x84 Plaids $4.50
60x76 Grey Blankets with
pink and blue borders,
at $1.75
1W5
We Bough! These Blankets
Right and Ycu Get the Benefit
64x80 grey and tan cotton
blankets at $2.00, $2.50
72x84 satine covered cotton
filled comforters at....$4.50
72x84 substantial satine
cover and good carded cot
ton filled, priced at....$5.00
72x84 comforters covered
wtih substantial printt filled
with grey corded cotton
at ... $3.00
Silkoline covered in dainty
colors, best quality cotton
filled $5.50
72x84 carded cotton filled
comforters with silkoline
cover and plain color satine
border at $4.00
50x70 comforters for cot or
camp use, filled with shred
ded satinet, each $1.50
Down filled comforter for
the most warmth and the
least weight, price range
from $7.50 to $10.
39x68 grey cotton blank
ets, priced at $1.00
54x74 grey and tan blank
ets, with pink and blue
borders, at $1.50
Heavy California Vicuna
and Mottled Blankets in
all sizes. Price range from
$7.50 to $15.00.
72x84 tan cotton blank
ets, with colored borders,
at $3.25
72x78 silkoline. covered cot
ton filled comforters in light ,
colors; priced at $2.95
72x78 silkoline covered
i
comfortforers with plain col
ored satin borders, priced
at $3.00
Satin covered comforters
with plaid color contrasting
border, priced at $6.00
tiMli
The Newest Corsets
Don't overlook the fact that your corset has much to do
with the effect your new fall apparel will give. If the
lines and the fitting qualities are good it will improve
the appearance of your fall suit, dress or coat to a re
markable degree. To help you attain the appearance
most desired, we are displaying a very large assortment
of corsets in many styles, and the experts in our corset
department will see to it that you are properly fitted
with your individual model. Mediums, slenders and
stouts in a popular range of prices.,
SHOWING OF FLANNEL MIDDY BLOUSES in navy
blue and red serge, moderately priced.
This store will close at 1 p. m. today on account of Buy a Liberty Bond Day.
Returned goods mean
waste in men, money and
materials. It is YOUR pa
triotic duty to return as
little as possible.
MAYOR ERIGKSON TO
HEAD COMMITTEE ON
BISBEE JUEL SUPPLY
Bassett Watkins and William
Delbridge Will Serve With
City Executive in Important
Work.
The state chairman of the commit
tee on fuel administration has ap-' yesterday were to the effect that the;
pointel Mayer Jacob Erickson local body of W'ott was brought in j
chairman of a similar committee. Bas-, "'re rly yesterday morning and will j
U'.rVln. .nH William I)plhrldi?e l"tre lyr iuc jiicuufc
; made by a Bteel covered bullet, as the
j wound of exit was no larger than the
wound of entrance. A careful search
I was made of the ground in the vicinity
from which the bullet was fired but no
i trace could be found of any foot prints,
' and vfy one could be found who had
: been in that locality that morning al
j though there were a number of hunt
ers in that section. Mr. Wolcott at
the time of his death had set down to
ing Smoking His Pipe. Evi- rest on a point of rock and was smok
, I , r r V inK lli9 Pipe anJ 3ud8'n8 from the
dently taken tor Lieer. ru- course of the wouni and the position
neral Probably Sunday. ta h'rn the boy lay death was in
stantaneous. The inquest was held
' ' at the Shaw ranch by Judge Winters
Advices received from Tombstone and the body then taken to Tombstone.
DETAILS OF DEATH
OF F. N. WOLCOTT
. ARE RECEIVED:
Was Shot While He was Rest-
Coast Results
At Los Angeles:
. --. t . : . i.. nMkk!a t'nriifinn ... ... ...
will serve as committeemen. They noro iri.inre.-me. u . . "" j - - " -
luat tne lunerai win noi oe ueiu uniui"- -n -
OI ... . u.,,.b onH IlutHia. in -
Sunday. Mrs. Lucy ivild oue 01 ine
rlnni,ltAid i . in P.liin arid nth Of f-pllt- and Boles.
Ing the coming winter, and the. h , , . , , . .
. . . . . . . 'tives are in the east and no arrange- At San Francisco:
amount of coal needed to meet any , . . . ,K M .
UieillS will uv uiauu unm I it - onil r iam,ioi w
sett
will at once ascerta'n the amount
coal in Bisbee available for use dur
R II E
, 7 10 0
3 8 1
Brown, Hall
OLD BARBARY COAST
SHOWN IN CENTRAL'S
WEDNESDAY OFFERING
j both the Atlantic and Pacific coasts.
"Hell Morgan's Girl- deals with life in
i San Francisco's famous and infamous :
deficiency in the snnnly.
Their Duty
It will be the duty of the commit
tee to ascertain and report to tlm
fuel administration the reasonable re-
I ui1 muff in iviT tHo pfiKt rtf lm-al
distribution and a reasonable dealers'
profit to be allowed). This margin.
R H E
. ..4 8 1
l heard from. j Oakland ' ui
Krom his son Newton, who was with! Baum and Tarker; Goodbred and'
hiri father at the time t his death the : Mitre. 1 i
particulars were learned. They went' Al Sat ijte: R H E
up into the head of Shaw canyon early j Vernon 6 15
in the day to try and land a deer. They gait Lake 7 11 2
separated, uis fa. her going one wayj - Ten innings.
around the peak and he going another.) Hovolik and Casey; Pubuc, Evans
...L .1 ..1.. A J k.. . . 1 . nnk,. ..... i
'rtaibary Coast" during the days lm-i" ' """ T U ' one from his latner aooui d Haanah.
mediately preceding the great earth-rith ,he COHt fat th mlne nanlei ,br thirty minutes hen he heard a hot
quake of 1906. The story is possible. lhe Preaident. the transportation ,nd ,lurried back to ee if l- father;
and the scenes are rertainlv a faithful I w " J"""" """'. naa Kinea a aotr, not seems mm
rnrnH,,...i,,n f nn-ners hi'lHlnlrs and t 'hen sold through a jobber, will con-' jelled a number of times but received
j "interiors" familiar in that empire of i.8tUu,e the price t0 the ron!,umer. Thc'no answer and then he started to UAk
5Frnr;rn'Vir Kingdom ' vice before the city's destruction. j fupI administration iH make Tnblic. for him and accidentally came upon
3an rranciSCO S Vice rwinguom iji B,i.J, from its local committees In each his bodv. while life was extinct as it
the
! I "
GirL" a 6-Reel Production.
The Central theatre is showing a pic
ture today that is perhaps as well
known as any lilm production ever re
leased. This is "Hell Morgan's Girl."
All over the country it has proved of
Hell Morgan's views of this nature, the picture shows 'community sufficient data to enable had takeu him about thirty minutes to
burning San Francisco. It is a cost-1'"6 individual consumer to ascertain reacn tne place wnere me tmny
ly production, and in the end every-1 for himself the established price. found. He Immediately left and went
thing turns out happily. Above the I These figures will be compiled In down the canyon a distance of about
HvernL' "fpatiire" "Hell Morean's ' relation to local needs in order that seven miles and secured help and went
fii.i- i. ..rfi,.ii.. iw.t a u,.rt rt ihp fuel (l minis' rat Ion may. if neces-. back after the -body. It was discover-
r.i... .i u.ith o ..inon ! Knrvunt.orli.in the sunulv of coal with ed that the wound that, caused
pleasant taste. Withal, it is a film! careful regard to the greatest exist-' death was tired from below as the bul
n rmn fri?niien. Emnhaticallv. it ! In neds. There are many communl- let entered the right breast and came
Cough Remedy
Most Reliable.
After many years' experience In the
use of it and other cough medicines,
there are many who prefer Chamber
lain's to any other. Mrs. A. C. Kir
stein. Greenville, 111c. writes. "Cham
berlain's Coush Remedy has been used
In my mother's home anil mine for
years, and we always fjund it a quick
.tcure for colds and bronchial troubles.
his ' vt e una it to oe me most ivubdiu
cough medicine we have used. Ad.
. . ' .... .it. . ,.. inn K..1..- tlm Thi
tremendous drawing power, and it is I is n'jt the picture for a young boy or a ties today in wnicn mere is no auppiy "i " " ' "
still playing In the larger cities W; girl to see. 'of coal available at retail prices. i wouud looked as though it had been
REVIEW
BRING
WANT ADS
RESULTS. SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, .WEDNESDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 24, 1917.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK FINANCIAL.
NEW YORK. Oct 23. Professional
interests again dominated the stovk
market. Conflicting and shifting de
velopments bearing upon intrinsic val
ues found further reflection in the
lower trend of prices.
Sentiment .was perceptibly encour
aged at the outBet by the news that
the Interstate commerce commission
had decided to reopen the hearing of
the eastern railroads for higher
freight rates. Shares of that partic
ular division made early gains of 1 to
2 points, but shaded upon renewal of
pressure elsewhere.
Utilities developed weakness at ex
treme recessions of 2 to 4 points. This
invited selling of more stable issues.
equipments and the general group of i
wai. looitoa fnrfeitlncr 1 tn 3 nnlnt
vanoes.
Tn the last half of the session, when
the list evidenced some disposition to
rally, prices received another sharp
reversal. Union Pacific made a de
cline of 2 points to 120.
United States Steel fluctuated be
tween 106 and 104. finishing at 105.
a net loss of the smallest fraction.
Most of the other steels moved in the
same narrow groove.
Metals were held back by the!
heaviness in Utah copper, which lost
all Its recent recovery.. Sales, 750,
000 shares.
Liberty 3's featured their bond
market on their steady absorption be
tween 99.72 and 99.78. Total bond
sales, $7,150,000. United States cou
pon 2's declined per cent on calL
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Oct. 23. Expected new
restraints upon any ballooning of
prices had a decidedly unsettling ef
fect today in the corn market. Prices
tumbled, then rebounded and later fell
again. The close was nervous at
115 to 115 December, and 110
to 110 May 1 off to up com
pared with yesterday's finish. Oats
lost to" . In provisions the
outcome varied from unchanged fig
ures to $1.20 decline.
Belief that owing to temporary
scarcity in eevators the board of
trade directors would formally pro
hibit ail new business in corn con
tracts that implied December delivery
at Chicago led to much general sell
ing of corn. Many of the shorts over
reached themselves, as attempts to
even up trades caused a swift upward
swing that for the most part, how
ever, was not maintained.
Smallness of rural offerings kept
oats relatively steady.
Provisions gave way under scat
tered' selling when the market, was
bare of support. Pork suffered the
sharpest break. Later, a rally devel
oped as a result of stock yard buying.
FUTURE TRADING STOPPED
CHICAGO, Oct. 23. Trading In
November and December corn has
been stopped by decision of the direc
tors of the board of trade, it was an
nounced tonight, and members of the
board were instructed to cease trad
ing in the two futures except to ful
fill such contracts as are in existence.
Public notice of the action of the
directors was confined to -the follow
ing resolution:
"Resolved, that until further notice
members of this board shall confine
all trades in contract grades of grain
for future delivery in regular eleva
tors to transactions for the month of
October to May delivery, inclusive.
November shall make any purchases
of November or December corn ex
cept in liquidation of existing con
tracts. Members may enter Into con
tracts of sale of corn for November or
December deliveries without limita
tion, except as to the maximum price
bow effective.
"Resolved, that any member trad
ing in violation of the foregoing shall
be deemed to have committed a grave
offense against the good name of the
association."
METAL MARKET
NEW YORK. Oct. 23. Lead, dull;
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
Jerome
and
Oatman
Stocks
JACK BUILDING
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
iodpr
LEASED WIRE
I spot. 637: nominal. Spelter, dull;
spot East St. Louis delivery, 7.87
R.17. Bar silver, 82.
COTTON MARKET
NEW YORK. Oct. 23. The cotton
market today closed steady at a net
advance of 16 to 95 points. v
NEW YORK
Closing Quotation October 23. 1917
(By L. J. Overlock.)
Anaconda 63
American Car 67
American Can 41
American Locomotive,
American Sugar ... .
American Smelter ...
Atchison
Baldwin
Ad-ieta li
C. and O -
C. F. and I
Canadian Pacific ...
Central Leather ...
Crucible
Distillers
Erie l9iHecla
Goodrich 43 (Inspiration Needles
General Motors 95
Industrial Alcohol 118
Marine 27
marine ria
Maxwell 32
Midvale ... - 45
Mexican Petroleum 86
New York Central 12
Northern Pacific 96
Reading ' 74
Studcbaker 40
Steel 105
Steel Pfd 114
St. Paul 46
Southern Pacific 88
Sinclair 35
Texas Oil 114
Union Pacific 120
XT S. IT 51 4
Westingbouse 41
BOSTON
Adventure . 1
Allouez 55
Alaska 3
Allouez Commercial 9
American Zinc 14
Butte 19
C. and A ' 66
C. and H 480
Chief Range ... 49
Chino .' ' 44
East Butte 10
Granby 70
Goldfield 33
Hancock 9
Indiana 1
Inspiration .- 44
Kennecott ' . . 33
Keweenaw 1
Lake 6
La Salle 3
Miami 31
Mohawk 71
Mayflower 2
Second
Liberty Lo&n
A Safe
Liberty Bonds ARE
safe. The dollar in your
pocket, the land you
own is no safer !
How can you hesitate
to buy? Don't ask your
self "How much can I
p..
Say
spare
much
I
can
raise r
BUY
U. S. GOVERNMENT
BONDS
the best and safest Invest
ment yon can make. Buy to
your utmost limit! Insure
democracy for yourself, your
family, your country, your
race.
BUY
U. 5. GOVERNMENT
BONDS NOW!
This space contributed by Standard Oil Company (California).
Shoe
Shop
'Nevada Is
North Butte H
Nip.... 8
Old Dominion 40
Oscf ola ,
Pond Creek IS
Quinry 89
j Ray Con '. 22
Shattuck 20
Shannon 5
Superior Boston 2
! St. Marys
57
Utah Copper 70
Utah Con 12
CURBS
Arkansas and Arizona .
Austin
Arizona Silver King
Big Ledge 1
j Butte and London 12
. . ... 59 Calumet and Jerome ......... , i
104 Con. Arizona 1
87Curtiss . 32
93 Denn
61 Dundee
841 Emma
51 14 Federal Oil ...
38 ;Gad8den
149 ;G. Island
75 j Green Monster
66l Hull
39 I Howe Sound ..
IS
3
2
IS
30
4
6
1
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Jerome Portland
Magma Copper 42
Magma Chief
Miami Con 5
Magnate
Pitts Jerome . . .
Ray Here
Santa Rita . . . .
Tom Reed ... .
United Eastern
Verde, Ex ,
Verde Com... .
White Caps ...
Wol. Arizona ...
West End ....
3
44
3
32
1
1
72
Wright-Martin 8
f
NEW YORK, Oct 23. The bulk of
the operations today were representa
tive of the efforts of the floor element,
although In the local traction stocks
and a few of the rails liquidation was
in evidence.
A feature of the weakness was In
Union Pacific, where liquidation was
conducted In a liberal way, promoted
in great part by the unfavorable ex
hibit of September earnings where net
showed a decrease of $801,000. Of late
the earnings of the western carriers
with few exceptions are making unfa
vorable comparisons with laBt year.
high operating costs cutting deeply in
to net revenue, now that interstate
commerce commission seems anxious
to reopen the 15 per cent rate case
the status of affairs In eastern locall-
ties presages are the belief that other
railroads of the country will in the
dear future make an appeal for ap
arent much-needed relief.
Earning statements published by
InvestmenU - A Great Duty!
Liberty Loan Facts
1. Are Uk S. Government Bonds.
2. Bear 4 per cent interest.
3. Exempt from normal tax.
4. Sold on installments, $2 down
on each $100 of Bonds pur
chased; $18 Nov. 15, 1917; $40
Dec. 15. 1917; $40 Jan. 15,
1918.
5. Convertible if later bonds bear
higher interest rate.
6. Mature Nov. 1 5, 1942, but may
be redeemed by government on
and after Nov. 15. 1927.
7. Are transferable and can read
ily be converted into cash at any
time.
8. Place your order now through
your banker, bond salesman,
postmaster or department store
and get 10 others to do the
same.
H 9 w
WbFu'Eii
WHILE
MsMl!tinc.t'sy2B8vcrafeeji
So subtle in flavor so
delightfully good and re
markably beneficial that
you will always drink it.
Try Ambrosia to day!
At hotels, restaurants, drug stores,
grocery stores, fountain and
wherever beverages are sold
Order it by the case from your dealer
CENTRAL CONSUMERS COMPANY
locorporatd
LOU1SV1LU
KENTUCKY
Myers, Darling SHinton Co.
Wholesale Distributors
10OK FOR THIS CKOWM gggptfirtplg???
several of the leading industrial enter -
prises made an excellent showing.
notaDiy mat or me superior steei
company, American Malting company.
American Ice company and American
Hide and Leather company, but did
not create much enthusiasm, as it
seems to be the disposition in conser
vative quarters to pursue a trading
position at least until the situation in
respect to present government financ
ing is completed.
LOGAN & BRYAN.
OATMAN
(By Collins & Bretherton)
Bid Ask
.02 .03
.25
.03 .06
.23 .25
.05
.15)
.02 .031
.04 .05
.10
.44 .46
3.50 3.75
" .04 .06
.02
.25
Arizona Rex
Ariz-Tom R-.
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff .
Lucky Boy
j Telluride . .
j Tom lfeed . .
, United Eastern
United Western i.
Red Lion
Bonds
m
j
I ' Wait
1
3$
FXHR'S
"rev
pi'
'JUncfivtBcvera
3) r, riru'C
I CENTRAL CONSUMERS f
I I-' a1 ..... ..'! a
"KOKI GENUINE WITHOUT
) OTHER CURBS
j Gadsden 2.00
2.08
Green Monster .. .56
.69
.14
.81
Butte London 13
Dundee 56
Venture Hill 10
Pitts-Jerome 50
Jerome Verde 1.06
Ark-Arizona 05
Jerome Portland 50 .
Ins-Needles 06
Hull Copper 30
Magma Chief 37
Wol v-Arizona 1.50
Miami Mother Lode .. ..
Verde Com 75
Miami Con 05
Bisbee Copper
Butte Arizona
Santa Cruz Bisbee
Jerome Daisy
Nacozarl Con
Verde Apex
Calumet and Jerome 1.56
.13
.75
1.19
.10
.62
.18
.34
.50
1.75
.50
.87
.07
.25
.05
.27
.50
.50
.10
1.69
LEGAL NOTICES
012016.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, TJ. S. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, October
13, 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Freder-
j Ick J. Murrell of Hereford, Arizona,
: who, on September 1, 1910, made Here
i ford, Arizona, No. 012016. for NW1-4,
section 28. township 23S range, 22E.,
S G. & S. R. B. & Meridian, has filed
; notice of Intention to make five year
' prdof, to establish claim to the land
j above described, before J. D. Taylor,
, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona
on the 23rd day of November, 1917.
j Claimant names as witnesses:
i Edward Wilcox, John C. Calhoun,
j William A. White, Chas. A. Martin,
i All of McNe.il, Arizona,
j J. L. IRVIN,
I Register,
j First Publfcation October 17, 1917.
I
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
j UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Surrey No. 3167
Serial No. 035911
In Connection With Serial No. 028557
United States Land Office, Phoenix,
Arizona
I August 14. 1917
j Notice is hereby given that Phelps
I Dodge Corporation, whose postofflce
i address Is Bisbee, Arizona, has made
I application for patent for the follow-
j Ing named lode mining claim, situate
in the Warren Mining District, Co-
Ichlse County, Arizona:
I "ZEO"
Beginning at Corner No. 1. the
Southwest Corner whence United
States Mineral Monument No. 4( War
ren Mining District bears South 50
32' 30" West 1992 feet; thence North
13 6' East 88.60 feet to Corner No. 2.
the Northwest Corner; thence South
58 42' East192.50 feet to Corner No.
3, the Northeast Corner; thence South
,13 6' West 25.00 feet to Corner No.
4. the Southeast Corner; thence North
77' 59' West 182.90 feet to Corner
! No. 1, the place of beginning; contain
ing a total area of 0.238 acres, express
' ly excluding area in conflict with sur
vey No. 3009 "Collins" lode, oJ 0.052
acres. The presumed course of the
rein on this claim Is from the South
erly end center North 69 4' West
184 feet
The location notice of said claim,
upon which this application is based.
Is recorded In the office of the County
Recorder of COchlse County, Arizona,
as follows:
"ZEO." Block 41. Records of Mines,
pare 393.
BestWorkmanship
Best Material
Lowest Prices
'3
. it
I Ft
I i
wmmm
- - r
The names of the adjoining claims
are:
lins'
On the North and East the "Col-
ourvry iw. iuvj, uu mo ni
-Arizona No 4" Survey No 2127; andj
on the South the "Angel- Survey No
H19. t I
J. L. IRWIN.
Register.
Hrst Pub. Aug. 17. 1917.
Last Pub. Oct 24. 1917. 592
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING.
The annual meeting of the stock
holders of the El Paso Southwestern
Railroad Company, for the election of
directors to serve for the ensuing year,
and for" the transaction of such other
business as may be properly brought
before the meeting, will be held at the
office of the company in Bisbee, Co
chise county, Arizona, on Mtmday, No
vember 12, 1917. at 12 o'clock noon.
CEORGE NOTMAN.
Secretary.
' Adv 737
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3277. Serial No.
036120. United States Land Office.
Phoenix, Arizona. August 31, 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Alfred
Paul, whose post Office address Is
Douglas. Ari7ona, has' made anpltra-
tlon for patent for the following
named lode mlnine claims, situate in
the Warren Tlninr Tlfstrfrt CnrTiIaa
County, Arizor a:
"Don Mtenel"
Beginning at Comer NO. 1. the
Southeast Corner, whence the West
onarter Comer of Section 30.. Town
shin 23. South. Ranee 25 Fast G. S.
R. B. & M. bears Sonth R5 36' Fast
4941. J feet: thence North B9l 39' WeRt
1500 feet along lines 1-5 and 2-3 Sur
vey No. 2244. South Side and Gol1 Hill
lodes, respectively, to Corner NO. 2.
the Southwest Corner; thence North
32 25' Ea."t 467 50 feet to Corner No.
3; thence South 68 46' Fast 664.30
feet along line 3 2 and 4-5 Snrvey No.
1781 Cave lode and Survey No. 2244
Gold Hill lode, respectively to Corner
No. 4; thence North 43 E2' Fast
163.20 feet along lines 2-1 and 5-S of
Survey No. 1781. Cave lode and Sur
vey N o. 2244. Gold Hill lode, respec
tively., to Comer No. 5: thence South
69 38' 30 Fast 654.30 feet along
lines 3-2 and 6-1 Survey NO. 1953 Brven
lode and Survey No. 2244 Gold Hill
lode, respectively, to Corner No. 6. the
NorthAsst C.nrnttr' thonna SnnMi A
49' Fast 236.40 feet to Comer No. 7:1
thence Sonth 32l 25' West 391.20 feet
to Comer No. 1. the Tlaec of the be
er1nnln:g containing a total area o
17.917 acres.' The presumed conrse of
the vein on this claim is from the
West end center South 69 39' Fast
1500 feet
"Don MIenpl No. 1
Beginning at Comer No. 1, the
Northeast Comer, whence the West
anarter Comer of Section 30. Town-i
shin 23 South. Range 25 Fast G. A S
R. B. & M. bears sonfh 85 37' East
4935.1 ': thence SOnth ? ?'
Wst 584 feet to Comer No. 2. the I
Southeast Comer; thence North 69
52' West 8S6 feet to Comer No. 3
identical with Comer No. 3 Snrvev No
2244 South Side lode: theiyce North
48' 52' West 614.60 Teet along lines S-4
and 1-5, Survey No. 2244. SOuth Side
and Survey No. 2188, Worren lodes,
respectively, to Comer No. 4. the
Southwest Comer; thence North 32
25' Fast 364 40 feet to Comer No. 5.
the Northwest Comer: thence South
69 39' East 1506.40 feet to COraer
No. 1. the place of beginning; contain
ing a total area of 18.277 acres. Ex
pressly excluding area In conflict
with Survey No. 1917. Bangor Lode of
0.123 acres. The presumed course of
the vein on this claim Is from the Fast
end center North 68 26' West 1499 f
fet
"Don Miguel NO. 2."
Beginning at Comer No. 1, the
Northeast Comer, whence the West
quarter Comer of Section 30. Town
ship 23 South, Range 25 Fast G. ft S.
R. B. ft M. bears South 84 ,21' SO
Fast 4235 feet: thence South 32 23
West 974.10 feet to Comer No. 2. the
Southeast Comer: thence NOrth 59
48' West 581.40 feet to Comer No. S.
the Southwest Comer; thence North
32 25' Fast 974..10 feet to Comer No.
4. the Northwest Comer; thenee
South 59 48' Fast 581.40 feet to Cor
ner No. 1, the place Of beginning: con
taining a total area of 12.992 acres.
Expressly excluding area In conflict
with Don Mlgnel No. 1 lode of this sur
vey, of 0.084 acres, and Survey No.
2019 Little Mary lode of 2.527 acres,
and Don Miguel No. 4 lode of this sur
rey of 0.866 acree. The presumed
course of the vein on this claim Is
from the North end center South 32
25' West 974.1 feet
"Don Miguel No. 3"
Beginning at Comer No. 1, the
Southeast Comer, whence tne West
quarter Comer of Section 30. Town
ship 23 South. Range 25 Fast O. ft 3
R. B. ft M. hears South 82 16' Fast
4606.1 feet; thence NOrth 59 48 West
176.80 feet to Comer No. 2. the South
west Comer: thence North 4 49'
West 906.80 feet to Comer No. 3, the
Northwest Comer; thence South 59'
48' East 176.80 feet to Comer No. 4.
the Northeast Comer; : thence SOuth
4 49' East 906.80 feet to Comer No.
1, the place of beginning; containing
a total area of 3.014 acres. Expressly
excluding area In conflict with Survey
No. 1953 Bryen lode exclusive of lta
conflict with Survey No. 2214 Blsbe
Men
lock
Quen No. 2 lode tf 1.403 acres. The
presumed course. of the vein on this
,lllm , .v,. v.i,
MIgne N( 4 .
1Hn4n.HM -. ... . .V
x7VKiiiiii vui iir i, iiiv
Northeast Corner. whnce the West
quarter Corner of Section 30, Town
ship 23 South. Range 25 Fcst G. it S.
R. B. & M. bears North 75 35 East
3334.5 feet: thence South 51 17'
West 631.60 feet to Corner No. 2. the
Southeast Corner: thence North 53
22' West 1018.20 feet along line 2-3,
Survey No. 2244. Bisbee Queen lode to
Corner NO. S; thence North 48" 56'
West 447 feet to Corner No. 4. th
Southwest Comer: thenee North 51
17' Fast 500 feet to Comer No. 5. the
Northwest Comer: thence South 56
55' Fast 1500 feet to Corner No. L
the place of beginning; containing a
total rea of 18.913 acres, expressly er
rludln area In conflict with Survey
No. 2172 Lena lode of 0.043 acres. The
presumed course of the vein on this
claim Is from the Fast end center
North 56 S5' West 1500 foet
"Don Mlznel No. S."
Beelnnlng at Corner No. 1. the
Southeast Comer, whence the Wpst
nnartor Comer of "5 Action SO. Town
ship 23 South .Rane 25 Fast O. S.
R. B. M. hears North tn 23' Fast
3S44 it fppt: thence North 87 11' Wet
14.90 feet to Comer No. 2. th Sonth
west Comer: thepre North n 13
West is 50 fet alnpg lines 1-J! and 2 3
Snrvor No. 21 Marnnett Vo. 1 Bide
I snd Snrvev No. 2544 Blshee Cm eon No.
3 lode reirtivelT. to Comer No. 3;
thence North 48 s West inoi.no fet
slong lines (!-5 and ?-4. Snrvey 'No.
?18fi. Mnronette 1 lorfe and Surrey No.
2?44. Bisbee Oueen No. 3 lode respoe
Mvelv. to rsomer No. 4. the Northwest
Comer: thnee Sonth 7 11 Fast
127 in feet to Comer No. 5. the North-
iesst Comer: thence South 4' M
Fast 915.an ft along line 5- Surrey
Vo. 2244 Bishee ueen No. 3 lode to
Comer No. : thence Wnth R6 55'
Fast 120.10 fPt alnn? line M Sirvey
No. 2244 Bisbee Oien No. 3 lode to
Comer No. 1. the place of herlnntng;
containing a total area of 1.84f acres,
erpressly excluding area In conflict
with Don. Miguel No. 4 Of this mrvy
of 0.827 acres. The presumed course
of the vein on this claim Is from the
Sonth end center North 48 56' West
1013.1 feet.
The locations notices of said clslrat
are recorded In the office of the COnn
ty Recorder of Cochise County. Art
ton a. as follows:
wt"Dm "'fL" Book 54 norOTi ot
Mines, page 402:
Don Mlruel NO. 1." Book 54 Rec
ord o' Mines, pare 403:
"Don Mime! No 2." Book 54. Record
of Mines. age 404
-Don Mienel No. 3." Book 54. Rec
ord of Mines, paee 405;
"Don Mienel NO. 4." Book 54. Rec
ord of Mines, pare 406;
"Don Mienel No. K." Book 54. Rec
ord of Mines, page 407: ' "
The name of the adjoining claims
are: On the north the "Cave." "Bel
tie Mary" and "Mascot" lodes: on
the Sonth. "Edith. "Lena." "Marquette
1." "COra." "Bangor." "Buffalo." "Cir
cus" and "Warren" lodes: on the Fast
"Little Elsie. "Little Mary" anl
"Ocatea" lodes; on the West "Last
Chance" lode.
J. L. niVIN. Register.
First Publication, Sept 23. 1917 -Last
Publication. November 30. 1917.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED 8TATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. S279.. Serial No.
06119. United State Land Office,
Phoenix. Arizona, August 31. 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Alfred
Paul, whose postofflce address Is
Douglas. Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the following named
lode mining claim, situate In the War
ren Mining District Cochise County.
Arizona:
"Don Miguel No. 7" "
Beginning at Corner No. 1 the Sonth
east Corner, whence (he Corner to 8e0
tlons 25 and 36. Township 23 South.
Range 24 Fast and Sections 30 and 31.
Township 23 Sonth. Ranee 25 Fast -
S. R. B. ft M. hears South 77 12'
'West 443 9 feet: theoce North 76 05'
West 807 80 feet along line 1-J Survey
No. 1958 Puzzle lode to Comer NO. 3
the Southwest Comer: thence North
4 43' 30" West 5930 feet along lines
1-6 and 2-3 of smrey No. 1958 Pied
mont and Puizle lodes, respectively
to Comer No. 3: thence North 58 52
West 38.5.80 feet to Comer Nol 4:
thence South 76 41' Fast 341.20 feet
along line 4-5. Purvey No. 1958 Puzzle
lode to Comer No. 5: thence South 76"
05' Fast 403.90 feet along fine 5-S Pur
vey NO. 1958. Puzzle lode to Corner No.
6 the Northeast Comer; thence SOuth
28 20' East 926.30 feet to Comer No.
1 the place of beginning; containing
a total arear of 10 079 acres. The pre
sumed course of the vein on this rlafm
Is from the North end center South
28" 20' 926.3 feet
The location notice of said claim Is
recorded In the office of the County
Recorder of Cochise County. Arizona,
as follows:
"Don Miguel No. 7" Book 54 RecOrd
of Mines page 409.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the North "Best of All" lode;
on the South. "Bisbee Queen" lode; on
on the East "Arizona" and "Monte
Carlb" lodes; on the West "Piedmont"
lode.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Pub. Sept. 2. 1917.
Tjst Pun. Nor. 10. 1917.
BACK OF
Y.W.O.A. i
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 24, 1917.
SEVEN
v.
a
a
4
3
i
i
if
1
i
f
i
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under this bead at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
tune, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. Advertisements must reach Th
Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion in the next morning paper
Mafo Help Wanted
LEARN actual autc repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. AV Los Angelea. Cat
alog free.
HELP WANTED Applications for
"Review routes asked for from
WIDE AWAKE boys between 13 and
16 years old. 126
WANTED Experienced platen press
man or feeder at Review Job De
partment, dh
WANTED Boy for stock room work.
Apply P. W. Woolworth Co. 984
Wanted
WANTED Experienced seamstress.
Rhone, Black 583. . 940
WANTED Three or four room furn
ished house. P. O. Box 385, Bisbee.
899
WANTED Waitress must be Srst
class. Copper Queen Hotel. 884
WANTED Girl for house work. Apply
' Mrs. E. Marks. 24 Tank IlilL 624
WANTED First class waitress, Cop
per Queen Hotel. 323
WANTED Four or five room furnish
ed house on October 24, or will ex
change California property for here.
Address "H" Review. 515
WANTED Typewriting to do at home
of evenings. Box 1370, Bisbee Ar
izona. 760
WANTED Telegraphers, stenograph
ers, bookkeepers; students earn
board, room tuition. .Mack ay Busi
ness College. Los Angeles. 789
WANTED Sales girls F. W. Wool
worth Co. 830
WANTED Maid for general house
. work. Phone 17. 953
I have an unusually attractive propo
sition for a lady or gentleman in
each locality. Turn your spare mO-
ments into dollars. For full partic
ulars address Mr. Roll, Box 69, Bis
bee. 969
WANTED Second hand safe, cash
register, desks and show cases. Give
complete description, naming lowest
cash prices. Evans Mercantile Com
pany, Patagonia, Arizona. 11
WANTED Work driving Ford truck,
call Park Hotel. Wm. Dawson. 990
For Sale
FOR SALE Upright piano nearly
new. . Part can be paid monthly.
Standard make, beautiful tone, own
er leaving town. Cost $450, will sell
for $225. P. O. Box 211. 933
FOR SADE Cheap, 3 room house and
lot, with bath and all modern con
veniences for $1,00. Half cash, bal
ance $12 per month. Apply R. A.
Clumpit Phone 48. 985
FOR SALE Chandler, Chubby four
passenger roadster; model '17;
looks like new and is almost new;
for demonstration and full particu
lars, call at Central Barber shop,
corner Howell avenue and Brewery
avenue. 867
FOR SALE 2 pool tables, one cash
register, tables, scales and chairs.
Inquire at O. K. Soft Drink Parlor.
848
FOR SALE Old papers at Review
office. 25c bundle 100 papers.
FOR SALE 3V4 ton dump car. Box
3012 LOwell. 989
M. C. HIGH
ALLEN BLOCK
Real Estate and Insurance
Now is the time to buy
See me for Bargains.
Agent for reliable Insur
ance Companies.
List vour aranertv with ma
PETEY DINK Anyway Petey
For Sale.
FOR SALE FOrd roadster In first
class condition with extra Rcine
delivery, body. Studebaker, 4 pas
senger touring car ,new top and seat
covers, good tires. Studebaker 6
seven passenger touring car. 5 pas
senger Overland, newly painted,
good mechanical condition, electric
lights and starter. Above all taken
in exchange for new Overlands. Will
be sold at low prices for cash' or
terms to responsible parties. Long
Trail Garage, Johnson Addition. 726
FOR SALE At a bargain, 4-room fur
nished house. Inquire .A. Koszis,
Hanson Kill, Johnson Addition. S5
FOR SALE or rent. Gypsum Block
house. Store in it 16x28, 4 living
rooms and 8x28 screen porch. Call
and sea Black Knot View, Warren,
Geo. N. Kasun, Prop. 903
FOR SALE Emerson piano, good con
dition, mahogany case, price $150.
Address G. M. B. Review office. 93E
FOR SALE Six room modern house,
v in Warren, on Vista. Mrs. J. Butler.
944
FOR SALE Seven passenger Chand
ler touring car in first class con
dition. Cheap. W. R. Box 1364. Bis
bee. 941
FOR SALE At a sacrifice, beautiful
piano, Golden Oak used only three
months. Will give time on part. P.
O. Box 3396, Lowell. 934
FOR SALE Cheap 1916 Model Ford j
Car, must be sold before November !
1. Reason, drafted. Long Trail Ca-j
rage. 883 i
FRESH. RIPE TOMATOES, for can-j
ning, 6c per pound, at my ranch near ;
Naco. Will deliver if quantity is;
ordered. Chase L. Purdy. 300 ;
FOR SALE Dodge car. 1917 model, j
can be seen at Slag Dump Garage. '
Good mechanical condition.
987
FOR SALE Twelve stool lunch coun
ter. A money maker. Owner must
seek lower altitude. Inquire at ''
striped tent Lowell. 701
FOR SALE--6 room modern house
furnished or unfurnished, large level
lot, 123 Quarry Canyon. 991 ,
For Rent
FOR RENT Garage. Inquire Mrs.
Gaffney, near graveyard, Lowell.
638
FOR RENT New 4 room house. South t
Bfsbee. Inquire next door. ' 873 j
FOR RENT 5 room furnished house j
27 Johns'on avenue, Johnson Addl i
tion. 932
FOR RENT 4 room modern house j
partly furnished. Mrs. JOhn Woh
scrlegel, Opera Drive. 970
FOR RENT 4 room unfurnished
house. Inquire 89 Brewery Gulch.
97C
FOR RENT Ten roOm house furnish
ed complete. Call at Victor rooms
Brewery Gulch. 980
FOR RENT 5 room house, furnished.
Close in near Y. M. C. A. Apply tc
Caro & Co., 20 Brewery Gulch 993
FOR RENT Nicely furnished 3 and
5 room houses with yards. 48 Califor
nia St., Johnson Addition. 994
Miscellaneous
LADIES Bring material, learn to cu
and make your own fan suits and
gowns. Thorough instructions giv
en by Miss Grant, room 4 Maze
Building.
EXPERT paper hanger and painter. C.
j. uranau rnone o6, IJox 150. 57:
FOR TRADE Good lot. worth $800,
for automobile. No Ford. T. M. S.
Review. u
FOUND
FOUND Ladies gold watch in War
ren. Owner may have same by
identifying and paying for ad. H. H.
rahmfa'k. Warren. 10
Didn't Give Him HU Hat
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT 2 furnished room for
light housekeeping; light, water and
gas. 163 Opera Drive. 868
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms.
14 Tate Hill, Johnson Addition. 850
FOR RENT Furnisned room, 5 pel
month. Doyle House. 601
GOLDEN HOTEL Outside windows
' and running water in all rooms.
Rates reasonable, by the day, week
tor month. 688
MOOSS HOTEL Furnished rooms
$2.00 per week and up. 405
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms,
Pritchard House, Brophy car stop.
Tombstone Canyon. 882
FOR RENT 4 furnished rooms, good
place for boarders. 56 Upper Lowell.
878
FOR RENT Furnished rooms with
ligats and water. 56 Upper Lowell.
879
FOR RENT Room for two gentlemen,
with board, 58 Castle Hill. 876
FOR RENT Choice front room close
in. One man prefrred. Hinkle
apartments, near high school. 927
FOR RENT 2 housekeeping rooms, 49
O. K. street 942
FOR RENT 2 furnished housekeep
ing rooms $15. water famished, elec
tric lights. Also batching rooms, 67
Upper Lowell. 946
FOR RENT 2 housekeeping rooms
91 Jiggerville, with water. 945
FOR RENT One furnished room for
rent, in Warren.
Moore No. 437.
Phone Mrs. E B.
922
FOR RENT 2 housekeeping rooms, 1
sleeping room with 2 beds. Gasson
House. 35 School HilL 976
FOR RENT Nice sunny room for 2
gentlemen, apply 139 School Kill 97E
FOR RENT 3 furnished rooms, yel
low house above Metz stop. J. E.
Cain, $20 per month. 14
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms
Pritchard KOuse, Brophy car stop.
Tombstone Canyon. 12
TO RENT Two clean housekeeping
rooms, 57 J. E. T. St, Johnson Addi
tion. 988
FOR RENT Sleeping room, suitable
for one or twv men, 49 O. K. street.
992
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
i
i VIOLIN and Steel Guitar. If you wish
j lessons on the above or any other in
I struments leave your name and ad
j dress at bOx office Royal theatre.
, Raymond Martini, leader Royal Or
chestra. 706
PAT CLEARY, painter. Member
Builders' Exchange. Box 1495. Zi.
LOST
i LOST Bunch of keys, with tag mark
i ed M. Hobsan. Return to Review.
I 9'-
; LOST Black enamel four leaf clover
! pin, set with pearls, with gold back.
; Return to F. C. Clpman, Warren,
j Reward. 986
Money To Loan.
$50,000 to loan on improved city prop
erty or for buildine. on easv terms
I of payment. T. A. Hughes, ove;
Bank o? Bisbee. 691
, SMALL quick loans on your personal
! note to salaried men and women, al
! so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Room
! 2, Lyric Theatre building. 166
Mrs.
Smith Recommends Chamber
lain's Tablets.
"I have had omre or less stomac!
. trouble for eight Vr ten years," writer
i Mrs. G. H. Smith. Brewerton. N. Y.
"When suffering from attacks of indi
ges.ion and heaviness after eatine. one
; or two of Chamberlain's Tablets havr
always relieved me. I have also found
them a pleasant laxatiev." These tab
leu tone up the stomach and enable ii
; to perform its functions naturally. II
: you are troubled with indigestion give
; Jiem a trial, get well and stay well.
Advertisement
REVIEW
BRING
WANT ADS
RESULTS.
Trunk Roads 1
Decided Upon
, The Bisbee members of the County '
Highway Commission, Cap;. J. p.
Hodgson. J. J. Bowen and County En
gineer Ryan, report that the meeting !
at Douglas on Saturday, was attended
by all the members of the commission
and that the meeting decided on the
terminals for the trunk roads to be
built under the proposed $1,000,000
bond issue.
One trunk line will begin at the Pima-Cochise
county line west of Benson
running through Benson, Tombstone, I
Bisbee and Douglas to the New Mexico !
line at Rodeo.
The other will run through Willcox
and Cochise to COurtland. there con
necting with three present roads lead
ing to Bisbee, Tombstone and Douglas.
This will give access to these three
cities for the people in the northern
end of the county.
The road between Bisbee and Doug
las will be paved, but with what nia-J
terial was not decided. While the t
commissioners seemed to lean toward
solid concrete, it was decided to pro
vide for other forms so that there
will be plenty of competitive bidding.
All other roads will be graded and
provided with proper bridges and cul
verts.' The pians also include a steel bridge
across Silver Creek and takes the pres
ent road entirely out of the Sliver
Creek wash.
Details of the entire road scheme
were not discussed. County Engineer
Ryan, who was present .at another
meeting of the commission to be held
November 6, will submit a plan of all
lateral as well as trunk roads together
with suggestions for the na:ure of the
construction to be used. These de
tails will then be decided upon, and a
comprehensive and complete road plan
formulated for the approval ot the
voters.
The county board of supervisors will
mee October 29. to call the election
for authorizing the bonds, which, it is
planned now, to hold December 4.
The members of the commission are
John J. Bowen, chairman; A. II. Card
ner, secretary; Capt. J. P. Hodgson.
Harry A. Clark and W. M. Adamson.
CREAKS
Acm Crt IW BbekW ami rwpl
Motor Crn tor Prater rim
WkitCKag Crtu for filcacbiMf
Tbnw Cmi for Softening
Astrvwntf Crc&M for OUtaesa
Ltttacc Cms for Ckastiag
&Oc and 91 Aixm
If too hare amr trtl
those Cream, ftv-nd two
mti Id eow r coot of auui-
wr the orv yn: ucwr
tKj nur U onUot
on "Care d
U.O bkio"
DEFECTS
AND CREATE
COMPLEXION BEAUTY
McDonald's Marinello Shop
Phone 305.
At Akron, Ohio, where the city
waterworks wore threatened wtih a tie
up tor lack of fuel, four cars of coa!
were confiscated from Pennsylvania
railroad yardb. ' Although the railroad
posted armed guards, three more cars
were seized later. ' ,
LEliAL NOTICES
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. S. PATENT
MINERAL SURVEY NO. 3354
August 9, 1917
Mineral Applicctlon 035913
Receipt No. 2076931
NOTICE IS HEki3Y GIVEN thai
W. A. DeU.. w hose postofflce address if
Bisbee, Aitsona, on behalf Of himself
and co-owners, W. A. Schwarti ana
Chai'.es W. Ramho, whoso postoiBce
addrsjes ia the same place, has made
application for a patent for the follow
ing lode mining claim, situated .in the
Wan en Minin; District, Cochir.e Coun
ty. State of Arizona, in Section IS. un
app'd. T. 23 S-. R. 24 E ..G. & S. R. B.
& M.. which claim is described as follows-
HELLO
f r
lexf
am,
V3
POINT LOOKOUT: Beginning at
Cor. No. 1, the S. W. Cor., whence the
N. E. Cor. Sec 30, T. 23 S., R. 24
O. & S. II. B. & M.. brs. S. 13" 23' E.
75i5.t0 ft.; thence N. 12 07' W. 680.20
ft. to Cor. No. 2. identical with N. E.
Cor. and S. E. Cor. of Los Angelus and
Look Out lodes, uasurveyed, respect
ively; thence N. 1 05' E. 600.00 fL 10
Cor. No. 3. the N. W. Cor.; thence N.
59 -6' E. 556.20 ft to Cor. No. 4, the
N. E. Cor.; thence S. 5 48' E. 1273.10
ft. to Cor. No. 5, the S. E. Cor.; thence
S. 59 36' W. 553.00 ft to Cor. No. 1,
the place of beginning, containing a
net area of 15.009 acres.
The location notice of said POINT
LOOKOUT claim is recorded in the
County Recorder's office. Cochise
County, Arizona, in Book 23, Records
of Mines, at page 443.
Adjoining claims: North: New York
lode, unsurveyed, owned by Fred Sut
ter and W. A. Dell ; Montreal lOde, un:
surveyed, owned by W. A. Dell and
Chas. Rambo. East: Mount Shasta
lode, unsurveyed, owned by Chas. Ram
bo; Bonita lode, Sur. No. 3162. South:
Bonita lode, Sur. No. 3162; Punta lode,
unsurveyed, owned by Einil Marks and
W. A. Schwartz. West: Punta lode
unsurveyed, owned by Emil Markt
and W. A. Schwartz; Los Angelut
.Ode. unsurveyed, owned by W. A. Dell
and Chas. Rambo; Look Out lode, un
surveyed, owned by Chas. Rambo.
J. L. IRWIN,
Registrar.
First publication August 11th, 1317
Last puolication October I8th, 1317
471
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATE8 PATENT
Mineral Survey Nc. 3278, Serial No
036118, United States Land Office
Phoenix, Arizona, August 31, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that A If ret
i'aul, whose post office addrses it
Douglas, Arizona, has made appllca
.ion lor patent for the following nan.
ii lode mining claim, situate In th.
Warren Mining District, COchis.
County, Arizona:
"Don Miguel No. 6
Beginning at Corner No. 1. th
Northeast Corner, whence the South
.vest Corner of Section 30, Townshii
J3 South, Range 25 East, G. & S. R. B
& M. bears South 54 04' East 841.:
reel; thence South 51 17' West 60
.eet to Corner No. 2, the Southeas
Jorner; thence North 68 56 Wes
1500 feet to Corner No. 3, the South
.vest Corner, thence North 51 17
East 600 feet to Corner No. 4 th
Northwest Corner; thence South 58
56' East 1500 feet to Corner NO. 1, th
place of beginning; containing a lota
a.ea of 19.388 acres. The presume!
course of the vein on this claim I
from the East and center North 58.
56' West 1500 feet.
The location notice of said claim i
recorded iu the olfice bf the Count.
Recorder of Cochlne County. Arizona
as follows:
"Don Miguel No; 6" Book 54, Recon
at-Mines, page 408;
The names of the adjoining claim
ire: On the NOrth, the "Gold HU
Mine" lode; on the South "RazzL
Dazzle" lode; on the East "Piedmont
lode; on the West "Ocatea" and ' Ma.
cot" lodes.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Pub. Sept. 6. 1917.
Last Pub. Nov. 10, 1917.
NOTICE OF SALE.
In the Suerior Court of the State a
Arizona, in and for the County o'
Cochise.
In the matter of the Estate of Fret
Bauer, deceased.
Notice is hereby given, that th uc
dersigned, the administrator with th
will annexed of the estate of th
above named decedent, will sell at
of the right, title, interest and a?
tate ot the above named decedent it
and to the property hereinafter de
scribed, at private sale, for cash, ot
or after the 30th day of October, 1917
The place where offers or bids wil
be received will be at the office o
Williams & Flanigan in the Alle:
-Block, Bisbee, Arizona. All bids o
offers must be in writing.
Said property is the following, tc
wit:
Lot Thirty (30) in Block Fourteei
(14) of the Townsite of Bisbee, at
cording to the map and plat of sal.
Townsite made by H. W. Jorgense
C. E., now on file and of record i)
the office of the County Recorder o
Cochise County. Arizona, together witl
the improvements thereon, consislim
of a four-room frame house.
M. ARTUNOFF.
Lodge
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
feets every Friday night. Moose Hall.
Is i ting brothers cordially invited.
V. R. TONKIN, Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medlgovict
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month
Visiting brothers wei
come.
F. D. LANE, Councillor.
X. Ik BENTON. Recording Secretary
LOVAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L a L NO. 210.
Meets In L O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY
at 7:30 p. m j
Visiting broth I
era cordially j
invited .to at
tend j
1EO.
SLEEMAN, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175. F. O. E meet!
Irs, and third MONDAYS. 8. p. m.
Oaglea Hall. Visiters cordially wel
ome.
tICHARD DAVIS. President
C. L. EDMONSON, Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday i
(except cond)inOdd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30,
p. m. Visiting brothers ;
cordially Invited.
.""RANK BRUNING, C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM. K. of R. S.
LEGAL NOTICES
021399-026606
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interfor, U. 5. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, October
6. 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Caslmir
Williams of Ft. Huachuca. Arizona, !
vho, on February 24, 1913. made home-!
tead entry. No. 021399. for Nl-2. NE1-4
'l-2 NW1-4, Sec. 34 and Addl H. E
-oouo, ior isi-i aci-4, si z s n, ec,
.7. township 223, range 21E, G. & S. Rj
i. oc iiieriuiau, Oao uiuu nonce 01 luteu-.
.ion to make three year proof, to es-
ablish claim to the land above de-1
crlbed. before J. D. Taylor, U. S. Com
uissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the
.'1st day of November 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Chester A. Nelson, William A. Lytle,
'arl Carlson, Gerrit Whltefoot, all of
lereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register,
rst Publication, October 16, 1917
Uist Publication, November 20, 1917.
024529.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department Of the Interior, U. S. Land .
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, October;
6, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Julius
1 Haase, of Hereford, Arizona, who,
n March 4, 1914. made homestead en
ry. No. 024529 for SE1-4 Section 19.
t'ownship 23S, Range 22E., G. & 3. R.
t. & Meridian. ha3 filed notice of in-1
ention to make three year proof, to es-
.blish claim to the .and above de-;
cnbed. before J. D. Taylor, L. S. Com-'
aissioner. at Bisbee. Arizona, on the
0th day of November, 1917. '
Claimant names as witnesses:
Herman Haase, Samuel C. Giles,
'eslie Wilcox. Frank C. Cobbe, all of
lereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register,
"irst Publication, October IS, 1917
Last Publication. November 21. 1917.
Notices
WEEK ENDING, OCTOBER 27, 1917.
Monday.
Thursday
BLEDSOE. W. M.
WATKINS. Secy. f.Ui
M. COLWELL, E. H. P.
F. PHILBROOK, T. L M.
E. FRY. E. C.
F S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chapter
and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medlgo
Tich Hall. Vis
ing members cordially invited.
PHIL. DAVIS, President
MRS. C. E. F1NOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722, TeL 236. Red.
KATHERLNE SALHOLM, Secretary.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third "rt
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
R E WARNER, Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY, Secretary.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple. No. 3jneets every 2nd
ana 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows' Halt Visiting
sisters are cordially Invited.
ANNA HART, M. E. C.
JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. G
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets In Medigovich Hall 2nd and
,tn Fridays of each month,
TTIE KE. Guian.
. p q sf, If
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECUR
ITY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. .2115
Meets every Second and Fourth Sat
urdays In the month at I. O. O. F.
ball, 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID. Pitsaident. P. O.
Box 3483. Lowell, Ariz.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary, LOwtlL
E. LINDQUIST.
Financial Secretary, P. O. Box 3246.
Lowtll.
BISBEE LODGE, No,
10, i. o. o. r.
Meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellow Hall.
v.j- .rret at 1-01
p. m VialLag
brother cordially invited to attend.
nail poone 119.
GEO. MUNSEY. N. G.
C D. K1RBY. Secretary.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets drat and tnird
Thursdays at 7:40 p. m.
In Medigovich H&u. All
visiting Red Men Invited
to attend.
DELB RIDGE. Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Medicine Man.
j F. C. FENDERSON. C of R.
i MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets first T use day at
Odd Fellows Hall
R. L- MOTZ. ConenL
H. F MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Hal'
Pearl Chapter, No. 6. meen
In Masonic Hall second ard
fourth Tuesday of ec
T. "A rTchaudsTw M
g2.A fffaSt Bisbee.
MRg JKS3E BEVAN. Sec y. P. a Box
2299, Chairman Relief Com. Phone 16L
i WOODMEN Of THE W07LD.
1 5 Lowell Camp No. 46 will
I 'ti meet every WeresCar
1 f? . at 7:30. Broj HtlL
: iOw
5fcittf-H-c-LANDAr' c- C
' .iiiS O. a THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen Invited
BvCA. VOIGK7
a. T.
I Wm.
iff
V7V EIGMY
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 24, 1917.
The House
of Comfort
HAUL
ii 4 HUM
AT
Continuous
From 1 to 11
TAYLOR HO
BIG DOUBLE ATTRACTION
IMS in FOOLS FO
From the story "Talisman" in the Saturday Evening Tost. A laugh In every foot with the musical comedy star at his bes
II BIG DOUBLE ATTRACTION
also h biiu bsiiui ii t?iiiirriiniTi nmnnu ki iu
-rrUliai ICOIIUfl OIVICI I lOdl OUIIIGUVH,.
in
Featuring William Fables. James Harris and Amy Dennis, with ales of laughter.
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS-
I
TiiTi iwt i ii i ! linn itt in im-Mrnnmnn-r i n in i ttw iwi s in ri -wrm r I ii I I ri'TTTmn i rm-n i
m i r: t i
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
CENTRAL THEA1
TODAY 2 DAYS COMENCING TODAY TOMORROW
Extraordinary Special Attraction The Great Sis-Act Drama of the Underworld:
A gripping story of the notorious Barbary Coast of San Francisco during the devastating fire and earth
quake. A play that will hold you in rapt attention with its thrilling story, gripping passions and
mighty emotions. t ,
A PLAY THAT WILL MAKE THE RED BLOOD TINGLE DONT FAIL TO SEE
"HELL MORGAN'S GIRL."
Admission Children 15 Cents, Adults 25 Cents
SI
iou hate her.
You will pity her.
You will condemn her.
You will doubt her.
You will love her.
She is wonderful.
Music by Central Orchestra.
2
MUCH BETTER.
Advices from the sick room of ('has.
: Cunningham of the Philadelphia hotel
are to the effect that he is much bet
ter and is now on the read to recov-
i ery and that he will soon be able to
I be about. This is gratifying news to
his many friends.
I
I HAVE BABY GIRL.
! The home of Stanley Trditt and wife
of Warren has. been brightened by thy
arrival of an eight-pound baby girl.
Mother and daughter are both doing
nicely, but the father is still somewhat
excited.
TO SERVE SENTENCE.
J. P. Chase, who has a 90-day sen
tence pending over him for a breao:i
of the peace, was arrested last even
ing and wijl be sent out to the road
camp to serve it out. Chase agreed
to leave town If the sentence was sus-
' pended and to remain away. He re
turned yesterday and will now have
the pleasure of serving it out on the
county road.
su
woe m
ITS
00
To $20
Remember, these suits
are made from genuine
$25 materials.
Every thread guaran
teed Strictly All Wool
with a satisfactory fit or
your money back.
WE WAKE A SPECIALTY OF
LADIES' ALTERATIONS,
D. H. Evans
BREWERY GULCH
Opposite Uncle Jim's
J
Maccabees Buy Bond!.
At the meeting Monday night of thei
; Ladies of the Maccabees they passed) Mr. Fry tendered his resignation to the
a resolution to buy some Liberty' church here, which the congregation
bonds and help back the government, did not accept, but gave him leave of
also to do something substantially for absence Indefinitely, during bis time
the Red Cross work. They are plan- f service with the army "Y."
ning to entertain the members an;l
irtenas witn a Halloween masque
party on Monday evening, October 29,
Business Locals
The regular Tuesday and Friday
night dances at Graves' Dancing Acad
emy, Erophy Hall, Lowell, will be dis
continued until Warren Park dance
are closed. Instructions still given
daily. Adv. 604
CUT FLOWERS
For sale, Mark P. John, LowelL
Advertisement-SO
R. R. WATCH INSPECTORS
Prompt repairing, careful workman
ship, courteous treatment.' Lowell
Jewelry Sbtop. Adv. 886
Dance by the C. & A, band at Wax
ren Park eveir Wednesday and Sat
urday. Admission fifty cents. Ladies
tree. lj
It will pay you to nave us check the
electrical system on your car. Loh
man Wright, LowelL Adv.-360
Fruitnian Fashionable Tailors spec
ializing in women's suits. Furs of
every description reiined and remod
eled. Phone Black 798, opposite Y. M.
C. A. Adv-766
L. L. Gilman sells the New Edison,
'the phonograph with a soul."
I See your carrier Two dollars' for
' three months three months for $2.03
Review.
City Briefs
,
Has anyone visited you 7 Or
have you entertained? If so, call
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, Phone 33.
HAS RETURNED. I
Judge Winters of Lowell has re- j
turned from a ten days' hunting trip in I
the Chiricahua mountains. He reports !
GIVEN RECEPTION.
A reception was given last evening
in Douglas by the Women's club to
Mrs. S. W. French, the retiring presi
dent. The reception was well atten1!-!
that he secured a good sized buck and
lUB m.er io snow as prooi. ed to show the appreciation or the!
nui & uuuc uj .ii 13. rtcuiu UUWU& mir;
past year and also to bid welcome to I
f: n - .i 1 . l . J t
tary of the club. Quite
THROUGH TO TOMBSTONE.
Judge S. W. McCall of Douglas was
In the city yesterday on his way to
Tombstone, where he had some legal
business to transact, after which ha
was to continue to Santa Cruz county,
where he will ship a trainload ol cai-
tie that he purchased there recently.
HAS RETURNED. ,, . , RAILROAD PAYDAY.
Mrs. Frank Salmon and sons have.jujS8 Rowe, the newly elected seers-1 Asnt Williams, or the El Paso &
returned from Cisco. Texas, where !orw f fh.'ri.ih " nHo nmhi. 1 Southwestern, was at the depot this
ilS IN EL PASO. Mrs- SaInlon was failed on account of Bisbee ladies went down to attend thejmornSnS and'nR out pay checks to
! Sam Titus left Tnesdav fnr Pn I the deatn f her father.' 1 recention. employes of the company. These
IF YOU CANT SLIP YOUR TIE IN
YOUR COLLAR, SEND YOUR LAUN
DRY TO US. STANDARD LAUNDRY
PHONE 57. Adv-638
Dr. Edward Colman, chiropractor
and osteopath. Rheumatism and ner-1
vtfusness a specialty. Office, Cottage
Home, 85 Maine SL 687 ;
Three months for
See your carrier.
52.00 Review. wnere he will retyain for a few days
; on a short vacation trip.
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
! Stage Line,
Rockfliil's stage Bisbee Tombstone. I The original Tombstone stage leaves
Leave3 Bisbee Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a. daily at 7 a, m. and 1:30 p. m. frocj
I m., 1:30 p. m. Leaves Tombstone Ar- ; Cochise Motor Co., Phone 444. Leaved ;
The
LYRIC
Beautiful
Coolest Theatre In the SUte.
Continuous From 1 To 10 P. M.
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
HELEN HOLMES
IN
-THE RAILROAD RAIDER."
HARLffiOLLSr
IN
"THE CHAMPION."
MUTUAL WEEKLY.
ADMISSION
Reserved Seats 20c
Lower Floor 10c
Balcony 5c
lington hotel 10 a. m. 5 p. m. 7 passen
ger cars. Careful drivers. Phones, Bis
bee 5. Tombstone SS.
TO THE HOSPITAL.
I- Mrs. W. H. Baird of Upper Tomb
WENT TO TOMBSTONE stone cany" was taken to the Copper
Allen R. English left yesterday for! Queen hospital Monday evening.
Tombstone, after several days' staywhere she wl" underSO an operation.
in this city. I
ON HUNTING TRIP.
F.
TO DOS CABEZAS.
Constable Bert Polley and Night
Serjeant KemDton. of the city Dolice
force, went to Dos Cabezas yesterday !eniployes
to arrest William Thompson, alias C.
A. Canfield, a brother of Dan Thomp
son, who is Jointly charged with him!
checks represent a substantial In
crease over previous ones received.
The pay car on the Southwestern hza
; been discontinued and all checks due
are now sent direct to
agents at the several stations uU'i.g
the line.
Night tele-, HAS RETURNED.
phone. Green 368. 97S ! Mrs. F. M. Pittman has returned 8tore accompanied by his family, will
i.rfio,.,.'frnin- fn,.r mnnthc' viH hor f.!leaye lOQay lor mexico. wnere
E. Coles of the Phelps-Dodge of the crlme of burgiary. Dan Thomp-! HAS RETURNED.
son was released last evening on a . Captain John C. Walker, jr.. of 4 lie
$200 cash bond, pending a hearing ; 3ath Infantry, has returned from ait
mer home in Los Angeles.
j he expects to remain for a week on a I before judge High on Thursda y after-! inspection trip to his detachments in
Dr. E. R. Carpenter, Eye, Ear, Nose ! Expert paper hanger and painter. C J
and Throat Douglas every Wednes-1 J. Brandt. Phone 456. Box 150. 58o i IN THE ARMY
day. Office, Room No. 19, Meguire ; ' C. C. Rcginer, formerly constable in
hunting and pleasure trip.
Building.
476
SELECT DANCE
Every Sunday night, Pythian Castle, O.
K. street. Invitations obtained from
Committee or at the door. Adv 674
CUT FLOWERS
For sale, Mark P. John, LowelL
Adverti8ement-804
FOR NEW MEXICO.
I Pirtleviile, is now in the regular army!, '" louy
jand is stationed at Camp Funston. Mexic. here he goes on a short trip
j to inspect some promising mining
He will be gone for a few
FROM NEW MEXICO.
When your tooth aches, see a den-j Captain J. P. Hodgson has returned
tlst. When your battery is ailing, see ! from a trip to the Oregon mountains
battery experts. Wlllard Service Sta-i In New Mexico, where he went to
Stock up with coal while stocking is : tlonf Ltowell. Adv.-360 ! inspect the work being done there by
property,
days.
g'Jod. B. T. S. & Coal Co.
949
I
Notice
Mrs. L. A. Armstrong who has here- o'clock Wednesday.
the Phelps Dodge corporation.
NOTICE.
All
tofore conducted the C. & A. boarding
house, has sold out her interest to:
Mary K. Barney and Helena K. Smith
who will conduct the business in the
future, assume all responsibility and ;
accounts against said boarding house!
from this date on. Dated, October 21st. j
1917. I Adv-947
ON FLEASURE TRIP.
Geor?e Meiyr, superintendent of the ;
mechanical department of the Copper!
Are you planning to take the Re
view? Subscribe NOW. Read the list
of boys who are working for the Re
view cash prizes, given for the great
est number of new subscriptions.
Orph
Tonight
eum Theatre
Commencing 6: 1 5 p. m. Tonight.
TRIANGLE PRESENTS BESSIE BARRISCALE
' IN
Bawbs of the Blue Ridge
ALSO
Perils of a Bakery
A TRIANGLE COMEDY.
Music by Cribble's Concert Orchestra.
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
J. R. DE REE, President
Fred Page, Rec. Sec. i 'Queen company accompanied by hjs
Adv 9S3 family, will leave today for a pleasure
trip to various points of interest In
PRIVATE SANITARIUM. the state. He expects to remain un-
Call Black 573 for terms, etc. til after the state fair in Phoenix.
Advertisement-974 i which they will visit.
TO VISIT HOME
Charles Wareham, the pioneer car
penter left yesterday for Calumet,
Michigan, where he will visit with
his parents whom he has not seen for
a number tf years. He will return
here in a few months.
noon.
WILL DO Y. M. C A. WORK
Rev. John E. Fry, of the Presbyter
ian church, left this morning for El
Paso, from which place he will be as
signed to a station to work in the Y.
M. C. A. department for the army boys.
the various parts of the state. The
I captain will leave here within the
! next day or so for Fort Sill, Oklaho
; ma. where he will be stationed. The
1 order sending him to Nocales to be
come regimental quartermaster was
rescinded while he was away and he
will now report at Fort Sill.
I TO MEET THURSDAY.
I The parent-teachers of the Lowell
j school district will meet at the Lowell
school on next Thursday evening at
j 7 o'clock. A request is made that as
; many as possible of the parents be
; present.
WOMEN'S LOYALTY LEAGUE.
All members of Women's Loyalty
Kindred Grove, Woodman Circle. ! Two dollars for three months Re
will entertain Douglas Grove, Friday view. .See your carrier.
evening, October 26th, at 7:30. All
members and visiting members re- .. The LaCorona Corset made to meas-
quested to be present. Refreshments. ! ure, non-rusting steels, self adjusting j Ieasue are requested to meet at Doyle
PAULINE F. BROWN, Clerk. back sheath lace front, if urgent can , 6tou-- Tombstone canyon, at 2 p. m.
HATTIE A. LUKE, Guardian. j fill order in 10 days by calling on Mrs. Wednesday to take part in the patri-
Adv-971 ! Gilmore. 81 School Hill. Miss Moore's clic Parade at that hour.
apartments. Agent will call at your , .
residence. Adv 533 ; T0 BUILD SOON.
The local lodge of Odd Fellows are
For sale,
CUT FLOWERS
Mark P. John, Lowell.
Advertisemeut-804
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath, 98 Masbn
Hill. Mson car stop. Phone Blue 647.
lv. 231
KURT2MANN PIANOS $400
No interest.. W. Muir, Bisbee Music
store. Adv-672
i
THE PlE SHOP. soon to commence work on their new
Across the street from the Masonic ! hall that is to be erected on the lot
temple, upper Main street Try our adjoining the Boston Flaits on the
delicious cooked fcods to take home J subway. The plans call for the erec
with you. Orders taken for cakes !tioI ot a $25,000 hall. ,
and pies, the kind that melt in your -
mouth. Luncheon service from 11:30! WENT TO DOUGLAS.
to 6. Adv-729; Deputy Sheriff William Brakfield
: went to Douglas yesterday, taking two
Review is offering $50.00 to boy se- deserters who were turned over to
THIS WILL BE A REAL PLEASURE i curing the 6reat number of new 1 the military authorities. They failed
AND BENEFIT.
Odd Fellows' hall, Thursday night.
OcL 25 is the time, and the event
' dance for Home Building Fund of the
Knights of Pythias, and the certainty
! oneof the m'jstenjoyable evenings for
on of the best purposes that YOU have
subscribers. Subscribe now.
I to report to the local board for duty
j when called.
Review being offered to new sub-;.
scribers for $2.00, 3 months. Look this ! BARBERS DONATE.
up. Help some boy win $50.00. j The barbers In the employ of Joe
Downs' shop on Main street will do-
THERE WILL BE A SPECIAL I nate their entire receiDts this mora-
eer naa anytuing to do with. Ad- Meeting of the Parents' Association, lng to the French orphanage fund
mission $1., ladies free. Good music. I Greenway school. Warren, Wednesday This is a very patriotic move, on the
; Be there. Adv-92S 1 at 4 p. m. Adv-13 part of the barbers.
Roya! Theatre
EXTRA "SPE CI AL TODAY
BIG DOUBLE ATTRACTION
PEARL WHITE
The world s most daring actress in
Girls, what would you give for a violet diamond?
Don't miss the most fascinating serial story ever un
folded on the picture screen.
MOLLIEEING
The Fat
ling
IN
The Seven Pearls
Episode No. 1 1 "THE SULTAN'S NECKLACE."
"LONESOME LUKE'S LIVELY LIFE."
Pathe Comedy Special.
Continuous Performance 12 to 11 p. m. Admission 10c and 15c
Positively the most expensive double attraction ever o.'fered the
patrons of the Royal at the regular price of admission.
NORCROSS SAYS SO.
CALLFD FOR AND P
DELIVERED j
Opposite Y.V.G.A.
PHONE 739
4