5
WEATHER
Izona r- Sunday
Mmlm
MARKETS
WEW YORK CITY
Average price of cop- .
per for week ending
Jan. 3, 28.90.
VOL. 19. NO. 183.
Congressional Investigation
Will Get Thoroughly Under
Way- Tomorrow Morning.
Will Take Broader Range.
PROMINENT MEN TO
APPEAR IN COMMITTEE
Seven Newspaper Men Are
Subpoeaned Lansing and
Tumulty Court the Greatest
Investigation of Actions.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5. Congress
ional Investigation of allegations of
a "leak" of advance information to
Wall Street on President Wilson's
peace note, took a broader range to
day and the best investigators ex
pect to lay a more definite founda
tion for their work Monday when a
score ot men mentioned in connection
with the inquiry appear before the
House rules committee.
Secretary Lansing, whose depart
ment has been drawn indirectly into
the investigation by suggestions that
it might have been the source of the
"leak" regarding dispatch of the note
and Jos. P. Tumulty, secretary to the
President, whose name was mention
ed yesterday by Representative Wood,
instigator of the investigator, notified
the rules committee today that they
wished to appear and make state
ments. Subpoenaes were issued for
seven newspaper men representing in
Washington the Wall Street Journal,
Financial America, Central News of
America, and the New York Evening
Sun, and they were ordered to bring
their records with them.
Also under subpoena to appear
Monday are Thomas W. Lawson, the
Boston financier; Bernard Baruch of
New York, Charles H. Sabin, presi
dent of the Cuaranty Trust Company,
and managers of the two telegraph
companies who will be asked about
messages passing over their wires on
the day the peace note was given in
confidence to newspaper correspond
ents. Mr. Lawson, who has made sen
sational charges of a "leak" was de
clared today by Representative Chip
perfield of Illinois, a Republican
member of the rules committee, to
have been the principal beneficiary
of the falling market that followed
publication of the note. He said Law
son's transactions aggregated $300,
000 on that market. Representative
Gardner of Massachusetts told the
committee he had no information In
volving anybody but was convinced
that there had been a "leak." He
produced a copy of a dispatch sent
out over the Dow Jones ticker in New
York on December 20, forecasting a
peace note 10 hours before the note
was published. Mr. Gardner will be
represented again before the commit
tee by council which will submit an
analysis of the effect of the note on
the market. Subpoenaes were Issued
for the seven newspaper correspond
ents after Representative Harrison, a
Democrat, declared he believed ad-"r-nce
information on the note was
sent to Wall Street papers in breach
of confidence. He also criticised
Representative Wood for giving out
a memorandum from A. Curtis, who
gave no address and who has not yet
teen located without having madd
an effort to inquire into the genuiness
of his information. Secretary Tu
multy's statement denying that he
and Mr. Baruch conferred in New
York prior to the note was put into
the record and a motion was adopted
calling upon the New York and Chi
cago stock exchanges to preserve all
their brokerage slips from December
10 to 23.
PASTOR RUSSELL SUCCEEDED
NEW YORK. Jan. 6 Joseph F.
Rutherford of this city was elected
president of the Watch Tower Tract
Society succeeding Rev. Chan.- Russell.
DECKS CLEA
ACTUAL WORK
WILL START
ON iH
MORNING
THREATENED BY FIRE.
MARQUETTE, Mich.. Jan. C
Fire which threatened the en-
tire business section of this city
tonight, was checked by' the com-
bined efforts tt the fire depart-
tuent of Marquette, ishpcming
and Nagaunee after six stores
and two business - blocks had
burned with an estimated loss of
$lir.0U0.
George Chamberlain, Chair
man Senate Military Com
mittee, Warns U. S. of Need
of Military Training.
THREE YEARS WILL BE
NECESSARY FOR ARMY
Henry Ford Opposes Any
Military Preparedness He
Thinks It Awful to "Raise a
Boy to Be a Soldier."
, (By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. Jan. 6. If the United
States does not want to be relegated
to the position of China among the
nations, training must begin at once
of the young men between the ages
of- IS and 21 uader a compulsory mil
itary service law, United States Sen
ator Geo. E. Chamberlain of the com
mittee on military affairs of the Sen
ate said in an address before the
Republican club here today.
No man can tell what may hap
pen in the international situation in
the next 24 hours. Senator Chamber
lain asserted.' He criticised the mo
bilization of the national guard at the
Mexican border as "wholly ineffec
tive," adding that there was no doubt
in his mind "what would have hap
pened had the United States declared
war in Mexico."
Even if his plan of compulsory mil
itary training of young men were ef
fective the senator declared, it would
take three years to obtain an army
adequate to defend the country in the
event of a crisis.
Henry Ford, who had been invited
to address the club, Was unable to
attend, but sent a telegram saying he
was "strenuously opposed to any kind
of military service."
"We should lay the foundation,"
Mr. Ford wired, "for all countries to
lay down their arms and abandon
warfare."
"An army or navy is a tool for the
protection of misguided, inefficient,
destructive Wall Street, and everyone
of those who gamble, speculate and
manipulate with the wealth provided
by honest industry. Militarism is a
menace to industrialism and in one
year- will destroy more than can be
produced in twenty."
Jap Merchantmen
Soon to Be Armed
(By Review Leased Wire)
TOKIO, Jan. 6. Owing to the ac
tivity of submarines, it is understood
that the navy will arm Japanese mer
chantmen bound for the Atlantic
Ocean and the Mediterranean with
six inch guns. The arming or mer
chantmen will begin with the steamer
Suwa Maru, which sails for London
on January 20.
Steamships bound for the Atlantic
Ocean by way of the Panama canal
it is understood, also will carry guns.
Japan notified the American state
department, according to a dispatch
from Washington last Tuesday, of her
Intention to arm lier merchantmen de
fensively. The Japanese embassy at
Washington requested information as
to whether any special rules had been
made by the United States for-the
passage of ships armed through the
Panama Canal. There are no canal
regulations Imposing special restrlc-j
tions upon vessels armed defensively.
OREGON SENATOR
COMPARES U.S.
AND CHINA
IN TALK
BISBEE, ARIZONA, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 7, 1917.
TwoPosseeMembers
Killed By Outlaws
Nowata, Oklahoma, Citizens
Attempt to Disperse Ban
dits Two Killed.
(By Review Leased Wirei
NOWATA. Okla.. Jan. G. Two
members of a posse were killed
ar.d one probably fatally wound
ed In a fight late today with a
band of robbers 18 miles north
east of here. John Garretson
and Marshall Bullock of Deleware
were shot and killed and a son
of Garretson was wounded.
There were about 15 in the band
which lias been blamed for recent
bank robberies at Vinita, Skla
took, Nowata and Alluwe, in
which many thousands of dollars
have lieen stolen.
After Garretson and Bullock
were killed, two men were sent
to Nowata and Delaware for re
.' inforcements. The man who
came here said a general fight
was in progress when he left.
Efforts to trace the gangs in
volved in the recent robberies,
were futile. until today when of
ficers here and at Delaware were
notified of the camp of the out
. laws.- Seventeen men volunteer
ed to hunt the robbers, the men
from Delaware scouting up one
side of the ravine, in which the
band was located, while the depu
ties from Nowata took the other
side.
A sentinel of the outlaws dis
covered the Delaware men ad
vancing and gave the alarm. The
robbers opened fire and were an
swered by shots from both sides
cf the ravine, which, forced them
to positions behind the automo
biles of the Delaware po:sse.
ALLIES' PEACE
REPLY IS DUE
Washington Expects Answer
to Its Note to the Entente
Nations Its Terms Are
Anxiously Awaited.-
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 6. Indications
increased in allied diplomatic circles
here today that the allied reply to
President Wilsonn's peace note, while
following in the main the reply to the
central powers, will have some addi
tional features calculated to make it
more clear whether a continuance of
the negotiations is desired. If the
allied governments are determined to
press the war to a military solution, if
is expected that they will leave no
doubt that further exchanges at this
time will not be welcomed, if not, the
reply is expected ti) leave the dooi
open for additional correspondence.
The meeting of the nllied pre-niers
in Rome today wa regarded hero as
of great importance because the en
tente governments were expected to
take the opportunity to discuss their
whole fundamental attitude toward
peace and particularly America's part
in securing peace. The decision reach
ed is expected fj be final so long as
the military situation remains un
changed.
Whether the entente reply to the
American note will be forwarded to
the central powers is an open question.
It is said such action would be en
tirely permissible diplomatically. The
reply Is expected by the end of next
week, reports to both the state de
partment and the allied embassies be
ing indefinite as to the exact time,
but indicating its imminence.
There lias been no announcement
whether Spain's unfavorable reply to
the President's note saying the pres
ent moment Is deemed inopportune for
peace efforts would be made public
by the state department. It was re
ceived here shortly after its publica
tion In Madrid. Officials say the text
is substantially the same as that con
tained iu cabled press reports.
ELECTRIC ASS'N FORMED.
LOS ANGELES Jan. 6. The Pacific'
coast section of the National Electr'c !
Light Association was formed here to
day. A capital Investment of J200.000.-
000 Is represented by the tympanies
taking membership.
WEEK
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
Urges That Grand
Canyon Be Made a
Big National Park i
National Parks Conference
Meets and Advocates Im
mediate Action on the Part
of Congress.
(By Review Lease?-Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6. Con
version of the Crand Canyon of
Colorado into a national park was
urged at today's session of the
national park conference by
speakers who declared tho' sar-V
of tourists last year left t"
great national wonder disgust j ' .
with conditions which rob visitorv.
of enjoying its beauties. Guides
and livery solicitors continually
harrass the tourist and fight
among these men place visitor in
danger, according to L. C. Way, of
the fcrest service. He declared
the forest service, which, has juris
diction over the Grand Canyon, is
not permitted by law to regulate
personal conduct.
Representative Foss of Ohio,
said it wa an outrage that the
national government had not taken
steps to make the Grand Canyon
more easily accessible to the peo
ple and declared he would urge im
provements. It was pointed out
that 106,000 people visited the
Grand Canyon in 1915. That was
64,000 more than visited the three
largest national parks.
T
BATTLE PLACE
IN MEXICO
Villa Said Concentrating in'
Chihuahua Town - While
Murguia Is Reported to Be
Following Him Closely. ' I
: (By Review Leased Wire)
EL PASO. Jan. 6. Parral is expect- i
ed to be the scene of the general en-1
gagement between the forces of Fran- j
Cisco Villa and the Carranza troops of j
the north under the command of Gen-'
erat Francisco Murguia. Villa has fled
to that place where he had sent eight
trains of loot from Torreon and Gen
eral Murguia Is in pursuit, according
to the latest reports received here by
Carranza Consul Soriano Bravo. .
General Murguia, on board a loco
motive which had been captured form
Villa at Jimenez, reported making a
reconnoitering expedition for 9 miles
up the branch railroad to Parral. He
announced he would lead his main
army there over this railroad, since
Villa forces, retreating by way of the
El Valle-Parral wagon road, did not
have opportunity to destroy the rail
way track.
Villa partisans here claimed that the
official report of the Jimenez battle
was exaggerated but the fact of the
victory was substantiated today by
private telegrams received by Ameri
can mining men from Jimenez. That
the telegraph line is open from Jimen
ez north to the border is shown as
proof here that General Murguia con
trols the lower district.
EXPECTED AT PARRAL.
CHIHUAHUA CITY. Jan. 6 Al
though General Murguia is expected
to reach Parral tonight, military au
thorities here say they doubt whether
Villa will make a stand there to pro
tect his stores of loot, owing to the
dispersal of his forces.
It was learned tonight that the un
identiled Villa general found among
the dead after the Jimenez light was
Jose R'odrig uez. The loss of Rodriguez
and Martin Lopez will seriously weak
en Villa's organization, it is said, as
they were among his most trusted
chiefs.
General Hernandez, who recovered
most of Villa's Chihuahua City Joot in
the fight near Guerrero last week. Is
at Satevo, ready to head off Villa's re
treat In that direction, according i'j
private reports received here.
VILLA AT BORDER SOON?
EL PASO, Jan. 6. The Villa leader.
Manuel Ochoa. In a personal letter to
a Sympathizer In El Paso received by
courier, foreshadows an attack on
Juarez by saying that he expects to
meet the Carranclstus in arms on the
frontier. In the letter which was sent
from Samalayuca. about 30 miles be
low Juarez, Ochoa says that the Ameri
can authorities sh'ould not con true
such an attack as a menace to them
selves "as every effort will be made
to protect the inhabitants on both
sides of the international line."
"Any man who -.makes trouble on
(Continued on Page Three)
II
"Buffalo BiW9 h
Taking Last Trip
Frontier Hero and Principal of
Many Stories not Expect
ed to Live.
(By Review Leased Wire)
-VJKWOOD SPRINGS. Colo.,
VColonel W. F. Cody.
Villi left here tonight for
, "Mis physician said the
."'ndition was critical.
him on hi9 return
tO V-s
b he left two days
ter, his physician,
" 73 years old.
's through the
'est Show, he
aso, u: '
and a ni.
Colonel '.
Reduced iti-y'
loss of his
had been planiv
since his lllnes .
ago to organize "
with a large niiu ,
Indians, and cowb"
the triumphs of hi
"fveral times
n a month
! exhibition
: of horses,
'-to repeat
'ier life.
Colonel Cody's p. -n an
nounced today, following v" . 'ere
treak down last night, that the
frontier hero could not live. Glen
wood Springs and the treatment
he might receive here, represent
ed his last hope, it was declared
by a relative.
Through Leadville
LEADVILLE. Colo., Jan. 6.
Colonel Cody passed through
Leadville at 8:30 p. m. He was
sitting up at the time and feelin?
much better. He recalled that nine
years ago he had been in Lead
ville and dedicated a monument
which he erected at his own ex
pense to his old scouting partner,
John Omahundro, ("Texas Jack")
who is buried dere.
MYSTERY AGAIN
Bernard W. Lewis, Who Sui
cided in Atlantic City, Con
templated Killing Himself
Last December.
(By Review Leased Wire)
PITTSBURG. Jan. 6. Friends of
Bernard W. Lewis, the Pittsburger,
who killed himself in Atlantic City
as the police were about to arrest
him in connection with the murder
in Philadelphia of Maizie Colbert, to
day learned that Lewis contemplated
suicide on December 17, when h
wrote to one of his closest friends
here asking that he take care of Mrs.
Lewis and his daughter, Betty.
The letter, which was received by
James S. McFadyan follows in part:
"Before you get this letter I will
have paid for my mistakes. You one
real friend upon whom I could rely.
This is my last request of you.
Please so long as you live, see that
no harm comes to Laura and Betty,
and tell Betty about all the pitfalls
ahead of her so she may miss them.
I'd do this for you if the tables were
reversed and I ask you in God's name
to look out for Laura and Betty. I ,
am only a wreck now but they must
have some peace and happiness. Laura
is a wonderful woman, and I am pay
ing tonight for wrecking her life."
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 6. Bernard
W. Lewis, who committed suicide
Thursday night in Atlantic City,
killed Maizie Colbert, advertising art
model, in a quarrel over money, ac
cording to the belief expressed by
District Attorney Samuel P. Rotnn.
who tonight made known the result
of a conference with two new wit
nesses summoned to establish a mis
sing link in the acquaintance of Lewis
and Miss Colbert. There is. however,
no direct evidence that Lewis killed
Miss Colbert.
Miss Colbert's body was found a
week ago tonight in her apartment,
a silk stocking having beeu tied about
her neck to insure strangulation.
T-ewis ended his life with a rifle shot
Thursday night when th- Atlantic
City police were about to arrest him
in following out a clue supplied by
a taxicah driver.
The two wilnesess summoned to
Mr. Ritan's office late today, Mr. and
Mrs. W. C. Chambers, were person
ally acquainted with the girl, accord- .
(Continued on Page Three.) 1
MURDER
I 11 II f I and Mondav g
iS OAS- falrL co,dr
- yr northeast porti
i DOUGLAS PREClT
NO SALARY REDUCTIONS
NEW YORK. Jan. 6 The New
York American league club
which sent out Its 1917 contracts
f.jilay announced that there hud
been no reduction in the salary
of any player and that four of
the men had been granted in-
creases. Nine of the leading play-
ers have contracts which cover j
the 1917 season. '
)
IN HOUSE
Chairman of Commerce Com
mittee Introduces Bill to
Meet President Wilson's
Latest Recommendations.
! ARBITRATION OF
STRIKES INCLUDED
Meanwhile Government and
Railroads' Attorneys Pre
pare for Legal Battle Before
Supreme Court.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON", Jan. 6. A bill de
signed to meet President Wilson's re
commendations for supplementing the
Adan.son law was introduced in the
House today by Representative Adam
son, who ' is chairman of the com
merce committee, with the announce
ment that he will press It fo really
consideration without waiting for
completion of the President's railroad
program by the Senate. There has
ibeen no indication, however, whether
It will have the endorsement of the
administration in all of lis details.
An eight hour day is provided for
but railroad employes could work ov
ertime upon approval by the inter
state commerce commission which
could in specific cases "authorize ex
ceptions or allowances" from the eight
hour requirements. The eight hours
need not be consecutive.
After all efforts at mediation of dif
ferences had failed, the President up
on notification, would create a spe
cial board of inquiry, under the meas
ure, comprised of three members who
would investigate and report to the
President or the mediation board as
the' President may direct, as speedily
as possible. In any event a report
would be required to make its recom
mendations in its report, and pend
ing the report a strike or lockout
would be prohibited. No person could
serve on such a board if he were pe
cuniarly interested In settlement of
the differences.
The bill backs up the requirements
with a provision that the President
shall have authority to take posses
sion of any common carrier's lines in
emergencies, which term Mr. Adam
son said, he construed to mean mili
tary necessity or the blocking of
commerce. '
Law to Be Defended
WASHINGTON. Jan. 6 Plans for
defense of the Adamson act before
the supreme coun were completed to
lay by the department of justice and
the government's . brief was made
ready for presentation Monday morn
ing. In arguments which begin Mon
day afternoon and probably will be
concluded Tuesday, Solicitor General
.Oavis will be in charge of the de
fense. Counsel for railroad brother
hoods, it was announced after a con
ference today, will not appear.
The court will be asked to grant
extra time for hearing the Missouri
Oklahoma and Gulf case, choseu by
the railroads and government to test
the law's constitutionality.
The government's brief Is under
stood to have railroad schedules of
many trunk lines and contracts be
tween railroads and brotherhood eni
playes. Special reliance is understood
to be placed upon the "hours of serv
ice" law as a precedent. It prohibits
railroads from working employees
more than 16 consecutive hours.
Counsel for railroads attacking the
law will arrive here headed by Walker
D. Hincs, chairman of the railroads'
committee of attorney
SUPPLEMENTARY
ADAMSON LAW
INTRODUCED i
Monday generally
colder Sunday
portion.
slEfilSLnTHE
CAUCUSES
Hi
CAPITAL
Fifty-Three Ballots in Douglas
1 Found to Have Idenical
Erasures All in Favor of the
Candidacy of Hunt
CHANGES EFFECTED
BY THE SAME HAND
Claridge Best Bet for President
of Senate and A. A. Johns
for Speaker of House
Both Are Conservative.
(By Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX. Jan. 6. Erasures
on 53 ballots, which have been
changed from Campbell to Hunt
in Douglas precinct No. 1, In
volving, according to the inspec
tors a. possible fraud, constituted
the sensation of the last full day
of the ballot survey here today,
and the disclosure of a possible
".oss of the entire precinct by
Hunt, caused a deep gloom to set
tle over the canip of the former
governor. Advance information
as to possible irregularities in
this precinct, caused Inspector C.
W. Hartman to ask that it be in
spected before some other pre
cincts in Cochise county.
Certain similarities in the mark
ings of the crosses on these bal
lots indicate that all may have
been worked over by the same
hand.
Forty one of the ballots, have
teen changed from straight Re
put lican to straight democratic,
or from Campbell to Hunt. The
balance were shifted from Social
ist or Prohibitionist to Hunt.
The last table Issued here by
the Republican committee showed
. a net gain for Hunt of, 17 votes
k in ten counties based on undis
puted ballots.
Ke gained an additional five In
Navajo, complete today, but lost
27 in Gila. 92 in Cochise and 13
in Greenlee, making a total net
rain on the undisputed ballots ot
110 for Campbell to date, with
1.800 Cochise and 350 Greenlee
ballots yet to be inspected.
The inspection will be finished
Monday noon.
One precinct. Globe No. 9. can
not be found. The official re
turns on this precinct gave Hunt
12. Campbell 2.
Numerous ballots have also
been found marked straight Dem
ocratic and for Wilson. Anions
the Douglas ballots inspected to
day every one which had been evi
dently til st marked for Wilson
exclusively had then been crossed
in the straight Democratic square.
Campbell attorneys will not say
whether they intend to attege
fraud or not. but point to the fact
that it will not be necessary to
amend their complaint, which al
leges that many ballots were
"voted"' for Campbell and "count
ed" for Hunt.
"Dear Old Cochise"
When the ballot inspection neared
the bottom of the Cochise ballot bags
today, a remarkable condition of af
fairs was disclosed. A series of bal
lots, the markings of which were so
peculiar as to lead the inspectors for
Campbell to gloat gleefully and those
for Hunt to settle down into the
depths of gloom.
The Republican inspector asged the.
inspection of Douglas No. 1 out of
it 8 turn. '
This request followed that of Mr.
i.add. secretary to Hunt, one day pre
vious, that the inspection of Cochise
county be delayed 24 hours.
' The disclosures in Douglas No. 1
'ay be summarized as follows:
Fifty-three ballots, originally voted
for Campbell. Dunlap and Robertson,
i bote erasures, and had been remark
ed for Hunt. Forty-one of these wera
Campbell "ballots, changed to Hunt,
(Continued on Page Four) I'l II III ll H Tl
V
s
TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 7, 1917.
r
as i . : ;' -' 1 T1
AN NUA!
V1 1 JAasgEk
i U : ..-rrrn "inVrL
r r, - ... n .-
3f vk
ill 1.1 feW(P)P -f4i4 L$L,
if vU lU Isi 7 fls laTf fe.y,i icSP -7;
IIITE SALE v,-e ever held perhaps the greatest
in the Southwest will begin here tomorrow. Its
THE GREATEST WU
i r .1 1 1 J
sale or me son ever neia in me ooaiXiwe&i wm kc:ui nnc iuihuhuyv. i
preparation has tested our energy and experience and market prestige to e CSliF
large stores need for a whole seuMm. The pri. os ure .traurdiriary niiiny cases iiardly more r fif ii' h " V ' l,TJtt-- ?f -?'iAt'' I
than the worth of the materials, if we should buy them on today's market, so great has been Hie I
advance on this character of merchandise. -
" YET IN ALL THIS VAST STOCK you will search in vain for garments
. ' of poor workmanship or bad stvle. Even the least criced might well be
worn Dy any daytty gentlewoman. UUAL1II is the kevnote ot this sale.
QUAUTY is the keynote of th is stoie. These garments are the regular
3w Pr,!t'1"'t of ,lle ,''st iuam;t;ictiirers. carefully madr in sihctous sizes ano trimmed witu good
I laces and embroideries. The only thing special about them is the PUK'H We are sure our
patrons will appreciate these splendid, (aultl-ssiy made I ndermuslins, and their little prices.
January Sale of Muslin Wear Presenting Most Extraordinary Bargains
$19
LOT NO. 3
CHOICE . .
$119
x sn.-.XDin COU.LVTIOX OF gowns.' petti
coats, coiisirr covkks. co.mhi.vatiox simts. kx-
VELOi'ii CHEMISK. TRlNfKSS SLIPS AXJ) DliAWEIlS,
in a variety of styles of soft finished Cambric, Muslin or
Nainsook; daintily trimmed with Lace, H.S tucks, or em
broidery .and insertion in handsome openwork patterns.
The most exteusive assortment of beautitul Undermuslins
we have ever offered at a moderate price. You couid
scarcely buy the materials for tht price we ask for the
completed garment CHOICE $1.19.
LOT NO. 4 0 7 Zq
CHOICE . P
CHOICE OF GOWN'S, CORSET COVERS, DRAWERS.
COMPIXATIOX SCITS. ENVELOPE CHLWilSE AND
PETTICOATS of extreme high quality, and good taste is
evident in ihe garments and their elaboration. They ar;
not skimpy or indifferently made. Every garment is clean
and fresh,, full and generously proportioned! every stitcii
is tr.ie. every button is firm; the iaces, ribbons and em
broideries with which they ere trimmed are exquisite
CHOICE $1.59.
DAINTY CORSET COVERS
AND DRAWERS FOR
CORSET COVERS are trimmed with Lace Ir.sertit.-r.
and beanin? run with wah ribbon. DRAWERS of good
quality muslin, ard ficunce f.r.ished with cluster of H.S.
tucks; all clean, fresh and new. Rarely, ir ever nave you
seen such gooci garments at such a low price CHOICE 29c
r?'S-x
29c
CHIDREN'S MUSLTN DRAWERS.
IT S-KX'LD PROVK; gratifying, indeed, to mothers of
limited means to be able to buy Chil Iren's .Murlin Drawers
of such splendid quality at such a ridiculously low price.
T!ie drawers are in sizes'for cliib'.nn from 2 to 14 years,
made with ample fullness 'and well made, bottom trimmed
With cluster of three H.fe. tucks SALE PRICE 9c a pair.
h;,y
LOT NO. 1
CHOICE . .
49c
THIS ASSORTMENT INCLUDES GOWN'S. PETTICOATS. ENVE
LOPE CHEMISE, COP.SET COVERS AND DRAWERS, cut gcod and fu!!.
well made an dr.icely trimmed. They are the plain aiid neat styles ir,
quality equal to any ever offered in Bisbce at a THIRD more Uian tbe
sale price. Exam-ne the material, making and f'liisli of these low priced
garments compare them with those offered elsewhere; you vill quickly
see the difference.
LOT NO. 2
CHOICE . .
79c
THIS ASSORTMENT INCLUDES COMBINATION SUITS. PETTI
COATS. ENVELOPE CHEMISE, GOWNS, CORSET COVERS AND
DRAWERS, with trimmings of emDroidery, insertion and !ine laces.
When you see the quality of Muslin and Cambric that have been used in
their making, and non- the excellence- of worknianshm you'll wcudev
how they can be mack to sell such a little price CHOK E 79e.
5 f .? ; - ', ,,,.- .- -. ,
'--- v-.-- '. . A
. &
LOT NO. 5
CHOICE . .
A TRULY REM ARKAIsLE VALUE IN PETTICOATS.
GOWNS AND ENVELOPE CHEMISE, at a pricemuch low
er t.'ian such beautiful garments ever sold for before. The
lovely I-aces. Insertions, Hmbroideries and Ribbons with
winch these charming garments are trimmed will appeal
irresistibly to women of refined and critical tastes. A
MATCHLESS GATHERING. Values positively without
CmU:i1 at the sale price CHOICE $1.S9.
LOT NO. 6 PO Q
CHOICE . .
ENVELOPE CHEMISE. GOWNS AND PETTICOATS
THAT RISE HIGH AUOVE THE COMMONPLACE
clever, artistic garments of soft, sheer white stuffs, and
shown in almost a bewildering variety. Delightful, shapely
f.inuent-i builded on most graceful lines; decorated witii
fharmir.g. crisp embroideries and filmy, foamy laces. Per
fect Uudermuslins. absolutely certain to bring Juy to their
luture possessors. Every garment an unmatchable valae
r.t 2.5H.
CHILDREN'S PETTICOATS,
DRAWERS AND GOWNS
WHEN YOU SEE THESE splendid Gowns. Petticoat 3
and Drawers for Children, you'll agree -that the material
clone i: woitli tiie price, to say noting of the worry and
work of making. Made of good quality bleached muslin,
in si-;i'S lor children from 2 to 14 years. A saving of OXK
IIALU is represented in the purchase of any one of these
garments CHOICE 29c.
CHILDREN'S PETTICOATS,
DRAWERS AND GOWNS. .
29c
39c .
IF YOU WILL EXAMINE a critically the Children's
Gowns, Petticoats and Drawers embraced in this offer, you
will find a rigid s!:u:dard of g;xiness that ill make them
.-(1! r:ini(!!y made of good quality bleached muslin, daint
ily anu attractively trimmed with Lace and Uiuiroid'ry
Pr.. cil !..ut'.i u!.( i'valuc ut .
Sale of White Goods in the Most Desirable Qualities
A t Prices That Will be Impossible to Duplicate Later
A LARGE AND VARIES ASSORTMENT CF DAINTY WHITE FABRICS. IN ALL THE MOST DESIRABLE WEAVES AND FINISHES CONSISTING OF
SHEER FINE INDIA LIN0N3. EN-3LISH LON-GCLOTK, NAINSOOKS. MERCERIZED BATISTES, CHECKED DIMITIES AND PLAIN AND FANCY FLAXONS.
'THE WOMAN WHO PATRONIZES THIS SALE WILL SECURE JUST THE RIGHT MATERIALS FOR DAINTY UNDERMUSLIN3 AND NEXT SUMMER'S
DRESSES AND PAY LOWER PRICES THAN IF SHE DELAYS HER PURCHASES. THE SAVINGS ARE SUCH THAT SHCULD COMMAND YOUR IMMEDIATE
ATTENTION YOU MAY COME 0"JLY TO LOOK, EUT VE BELIEVE YOU WILL BUYSOME OF THE VALUES ARE TOO TEMPTING TO RESIST.
r .
Children's Muslin. Wear 79c and $1.19
NEVER HAS LITT! E money goi.e so far in
grace and goodness. Never have we been able
to offer such pretty, d; inty styles for Children
in Gowns, Princess t-lips and 1'vtticoats for
such a little price. Made of Nainsook, care
fully finished, trimmed with lace or embroiderv
CHOICE 79c.
CHILDREN CAN NEVER .have too many
UNDERMUSLINS and here is an opportun
ity to secure real pretty styles, wcrthy gar
ments at a very moderate price; including
Gowns, Princess Slips and Petticoats for chil
dren from 2 to Id years Sale Price $1.19.
Sheer India Linon
rort THE WOMAN who v.-i.shc, to anticipate her season's nw-ds, this sale of
India Linon" presents an opportwiiij ' to buy and have liberally. A perfect appre
ciation of the wonderful bavings will ccme only through a personal examination.
1 5c India Linons, 27-Inches Wide, Sale Price a Yard. ....... 1 2c
20c India Linons, 27-Inches Wide, Sale Price a Yard 1 5c
25c India Linons, 30-Inches Wide, Sale Price a Yard 20c
35c India Linons, 30-Inches "Wide, Sale Price a Yard 27Jic
English Long cloth
THIS SALE OF GENUINE English Longrlolit ilosvrvi s your nniiie.ii.ite attention.
The materials display wonderful skiil in spinning, weaving, bleaching and fini-ii-inc.
Come fpr your t-hure of the bargains. Si.le Prices art as follows
15c English Longcloth, 36-lnches Wide, per yard lie
20c English Longcloth, 36-lnches V ide, per yard 15c
25c English Longcloth, 36-lnches Wide, per yard 19c
35c English Longcloth, 3bc-Inches Wide, per yard TJYiz
English Nainsook
NO V'HTE FABRIC ever devis-d -r.es more eertein sttisfaction for 1 a i i y
Undei iins tifaa the line, K.'m-r. ivtnly v. oven NaMiscoks. They are crisp and
fre.--!i . jui.dcr pericctly, as yo.i ::i;ow Note there price reductions:
20c Si :.r Nainsooks, 36-InJi25 Wide, Sale Price Yd 16c
25c ohjr.a Nainsooks, 40-Inches Wide, Sale Price Yd 21c
35c Odaka Nainsooks, 40-lnche3 vide, Sale Frice Yd 29c
Mercerized White Batiste
.MERCERIZED BATISTES have always been the aristocrats of t'ie fine ma
terials suitable for Undermusiins, and they are equally as desirable for dainty
frocks; beautifully -sheer a:;d the most serviceable of all fabrics. Supply yovr
present and future needs at these sale prices."
20c Mercerized Batiste, 27-Inches Wide, per yard 16c
25c Mercerized Batiste, 27-Inches Wide, per yard 1 9c
30c Mercerized Batiste, 27-lnches Wide, per yard 25c
Dainty Checked Dimities
PRETTY DIMITIES in even and broken checks, especially suitable for charm
ing little frocks for girls and chiliircii. ana equally a sdesirable for tine uiiilci
garments Every v.ciwn will welcome tht chain t to buy it so much i.-.iow reguUr
cost.
I5c Checked Dimities, 27-!nches Wide, Sale Price Yd lie
20c Checked Dimities, 27-inches Wide, Sale Price Yd 16c
25c Checked Dimities, 27-Inches Wide, Sale Price Yd 19c
Plain and Fancy Flaxons
PEAUTIFUL WHITE FLAXONS in raiseu seli-.tripes, checks, ligur s and cross
bar effeits, also plr.ii. weaves, particularly -adapted for the iiiakir? of lovly
Dresses, and when worked up after t.;iis season's styles make the prettiest crea
tions imaginable.
25c Plain Flaxor.s, 36-lnches Wide, Sde Price Yard. . . .
3Cc Plain Flaxons, 36-lnches Wide, Sale Frice Yard . .
35c Fancy Flaxons, 40-Inches Vide,5a!e Pnce Yard
40c Fancy Flaxons, 40-Inches Wide, Sale Price Yard
2!c
.2;:C
.29c
,35c
Fruit-of-lhe-Loom
Bleached Muslin
12c Yd.
I'll..;-. I DELING iir-vti.t market nii
diHoiis aim lb so.iring prices on all
kinds of lotnii. goous, tins price f'.r
Fn;it-Ol-T!ie Ixoni lileacbi i! Muslin
coiihiitules an offer out of the ornm
arj ; lull oS-im-bes wi.le. We arc furr
ed to place a limit of l'." yards on the
cjuantity to be sold to any one custom
er. BATH TOWELS 97I n
Reg. 33c values . 2L
AN OFFER of Extra Large liieac I d
Lath To-.vi is that afforus a savin; of
exactly 7'jc on cadi towel, or tl.L'O if
y .1 buy err- ipuen; t '".: i:;.(t in-feguia;-
kind!-, Kale at
h:lIi, or $.;.b'l per dozen.
BATH TGVELS
Res'clar 15c Vfluts.
LLLACIIED Ca!i Towels. fI.o 1x
"4 inches tt lie each or $1.25 a d'.cii,
the"e will be a liberal buying of these
ilurins f'is sale fir they are aituailv
worth l.rc each; see wbai a- splcn.Iid
nu you make.
Dainty Lingerie Blouses
2 Lots at Two Specially Reduced .Prices
79c and $UQ
of Sheer Voiles and Fancy Batiste
Long Sleeves and New Collar Effects
AN ONE of these 'leautilul Lingerie i-lises could con mand the full
regular price ai whie'i l was maiie to scil - Lut i m.ike them a feature
extraordinary for the Ja itiary While Saic. v.c !.a segregated ihtiii ii to two
lots and priced llicni at .igurfs that represent about HALF their true value.
79c and SI. 19
EVERY woman who ':as a present or pro.-pei t ive need lor a lovely Lin
gerie Mouse will buy on of these en silit. M.uit of slit er white Yoile una
Crepe, also Fancy iUitl tes, i:i sut ii a variety o.' graceful, tasteful and at
tractive styles :hat you' I find choosing easy.
S.aue u" la;-ge M. or Collar . thai are prelt: y embrt.Mi i eii, frilled or
'.riiiiined vith ia"-f, inn'trtible collars am! t'ln-i.w r styles; some are en:
broidered in colors, otius trimmed with cviuisite lace or embroidery. New
style, long sleeve;;; size :!4 to 44.
11
Clean-Up Sale
Madame Marrietta
CORSETS
THIS OFl i'U embni'es a number
oi fiiscontui'i-d moflels of the famous
"tiadaniL Marietta" Corsets laki a
irom regular stock, and re-marked at
almost 'ialf lueir regular value far a
liiick Clean Up belore inventory.
Ma:laine Marietta (V.rsets are de
signed to m .1 every reiiuirement of
li t fashionable woman. In style, lit,
i i-iii l'.. r t and crrviee they excel.
Thev.! are a number of ISisbee wom
en who wear this Corset exc lusively,
a.;;! will accept no other kind. To
tlic.sc women wl.o are familiar with
t'ie superlori'ies of tl-.is Ctirsct. it
lon't rt'iuip" any ii'-yiin; to get them
e:-v at tee sale prices --And il
v o.iid bo :ri on time for you to eel
i :;c. iiist to i.'.'C bow tutic.'i butter it is
tli. i'l Use best Corset you eer wore.
CORSETS
CORSETS
CCKSETS
CORSETS
Women's Winter Suits Continue to Sell at Amazing Rapidity
HALF-PRICES Prevail Monday and Until Remaining Stocks are Sold
ft'
hm
C-SV v .
for. .$2.S5
for. .C3.25
for. .$3.95
for. .$4.95
$10.03 CORSETS for. $3.35
$'.
i
x -
V
i
THE OFI' EK embraces uiis inn i our n giihir sto
lieu arly ood value. Tney were oiigmally priced at
wlio saw them - to be eecll( nt money's worth al r
ONE I' A LI- tii.-ir lottiier prii es, ve are presenting a
i.iiss it.
$25.00 SUITS REDUCED TO. . .$12.50
$27.50 SUITS REDUCED TO. . $13.75
$32.50 SUITS REDUCED TO. . .$16.25
$35.00 SUITS REDUCED TO. . .$17.50
k. Lac h one if lii-m was especially selected as a pir
f; "tires we op.-idt r. i c lose, and they were voted by all
eguiar prices -In ei'icntg thete Suns to you Monday at
disum i baying opportunity to HUlive wouieu. Don't
$39.50 SUITS REDUCED TO. . .$19.75
$42.50 SUITS REDUCED TO. . $21.25
$45.00 SUITS REDUCED TO. . $22.50
$50.00 SUITS REDUCED TO. . .$25.00
Dresses at ONE-FOURTH OFF Reg. Prices
Styles Suitable for Street, Afternoon and Evening Wear
- DIIESSFS THAT ate s'lnpiy wonderful in slyle. desiun. male rial and making. Clever, well-tailored Street
Dicsscn of Serge - so.nc smartly nraiclcd in contra-ting inlors; ctliers linisiu d with wool tm broidery, wi'ii
novel pocKct ami sash ideas; Kus.-'.an li ouse and baipie styles in green, brown, navy and black. Then there
are charming clresst s Ur sireeu alii moon oi evening w ear of Channcuse, Soft Taffeta. Net and Crvpe Do
C.v,ine, in lashicnal le culi.r.c
$.15.00 Dresses Reduced to $9!95
$18.50 Dresses Reduced tc $13.85
$20.00 Dresses Reduced to $15.00
22.30 Dr d to. . .
$25.00 Dresses Reduced to $18.75
$29.50 Dresses Reduced to $22.15
$35.00 Dresses Reduced to $26.25
V
cr rn rv.
Reduced to $?9.65 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 7, 1917.
fHREE
BISBEE YOUTH TAKEN
GLOBE TO ANSWER
TO SERIOUS CHARGE
Is Accused of Having Accept
ed Money, and Is Charged,
With Pandering by a Woni-!
an in That City. j
Frank Whitt. a Eisbee and Douglas j
youth, has been arrested and taken to ,
, Clobe on a serious charge. The Clobe '
Record of the Issue of the 4th has the i
following to say regarding the arro't: :
Charged with pandering, Frank
Whitt. a Eisbee youth, arrived in the
city on the evening train last night (
in custody of Deputy Sheriff C. E.
Oilmcr. who vas pent to the southern
Arizona metropolis to secure the prK-1
oner. Whitt was arrested on a wnr- j
rant issued here, on the complaint of ;
a woman who is now a resident of ;
Globe. I
According to the story- the complain-.
ins witness is alleged to have told the !
officers, she came here and secured a
room in the restricted district, later j
sending a sum of money to the pris-1
oner, who was supposed to join her
here. The reason for the sudden alien-'
atipn V)f her affections is not given. I
Whitt is but a youth, the son of
prominent liisbee people, and is ac
companied by his mother, who intends
to lead the fight to be made in his de- -t
fense. In the city of his nativity, the !
defendant enjoys the esteem of the
leading citizens and confidence is ex
pressed that he will be cleared of the
charge against him.
It is contended that the woman who
was responsible i'.r the issuance of
the warrant was at no time an inmate
or a local house of ill-fame, but has ,
been employed since her arrival at aj
local restaurant. The defense will be
based largely upon this allegation and
scores of public officials and -others of!
Iiisuce will be brought here to testify
in connection with the impending trial. :
! AMERICAN SWIMMERS LEAD WORLD; STARS
WILL MAKE NEW ASSAULT ON RECORDS'
-A . A.
-. ;;.-:ff:i U :: - - :
'&rj& - ;
- ' : if a vvy
: : -Y.' i" , . i , t
i J f " 4
i : ' I : ? , : . 'v
Tu?o Ki7ecJ By Gas
Explosion On Train
(Ry Heview Leased Wire)
niRMINCHAM. Ala., Jan. 6. Two
men were killed and four badly in
jured tonight by a" explosion in the
smoking compart nienl of the Southern
Railway's P,irniinghm Special, just
as the irain was entering liirmiughaiii
from New York.
Whili train officials were -unable
lo establish definitely the cause,
there were Indications that a f"an
tity of some powerful explosive had
been set off by Lewis D. Walton, n
Dirmingham business man as a means
of committing suicide. He was in the
lavatory of the car, whose steel wall
next to the' lounging compartment
was blown completely away, and bis
body was dismembered by the ex
plosion. The other man killed was
VV. J. Oliver of Itlrminghaiii.
Walton was arrested nearly, two
years ago charged with killing bis
business partner, and after a mistrial,
was released on bond. After the ex
plosion tonight, a paper tablet' was
found outside the smoking room door
saying "see my suit case for impor
tant papers, Lewis D. Walton." Offi
cials who searched the suit case said
it contained nothing important.
Left to right: II. J. Hebner. Herbert
Vollmer and Ludy Langer.
COCHISE MEMBERS
LEAVE FOR PHOENIX
TO ATTEND SESSION
marks during the indoor swimming
season, which has just opened. Most
At. present there are more preat famous among- the American swim--turners
living in the United States mers are Herbert Vollmer of Colum
tf an in all the rest of the world, bia University; Ludy Lanper of Los
They hold practically all the records Angeles and II. J. Hebner of the
a.-.U are now preparing to make new , Illinois Athletic club.
Delegation Is Split and Lively
Times Are Eocpected When
the Organization Is Under
Way.
time at the opening of the session at
any rate, the Republicans, conserva
I tive Democrats and the radicals all
I promise to have a slate that they wish
to put through and what the outcome
will be only time will tell.
point between Lared'j and Minerva,
forty miles west' of here, K Troop,
Fourteenth U. S. Cavalry, was sent
hurriedly to that section tonight.
Military authorities declined to dis
cuss the matter.
PARRAL NEXT BATTLE ;
SCENE IN OLD MEXICO
Senator Fred Sutter and Represen- j
tfitive Tom Hughes and Tom Foster
have gone to Phoenix to be on hand
at the opening of the session of the
legislature which convenes on Mon-
dr,v r.ext. The balance of the Co-j
cmse county r-?reEPmauvHS are hi- . K fit , nlinilih him
.ready in Phoenix. Mrs. McKay left 1 0(.hJa decares.
early last week while the lxmglas -n,,, nnlv nnmosp " he said in c ;i
Two Cent Decision
of Court Not Final
(Continued From Page One)
the American side will fail In any pt
tempt to shield himself under our flag.
members including. -H- Jar ks. ; cUls?bn ..is to fisht against the Car
Charles Francis, Dave O Nt ill. and j . .:, ni, we ran accomplifh
its annihilation and we earnestly wish
to avoid getting our country Into eny
William Cook left during the week.
Just what the members intend to
do nt the organization of that body
remains to be seen. It is the opin
ion of several of them that they
' should adjourn until the Governor
s'dp question has been settled while
-others are inclined to give their sup
port to the Hunt faction
more difficulties,
had plenty."
of which we have
rtv Review L.-ased Wire)
! CHICAGO, Jan. 6 Decision of three
ud:es of the United States district
Tiiir'.. sitting en banc here in the
Hiii'ois two cent fare case today, does
lit settle the litigation, but clears the
, 'egpl decks for the real controversy
"cording to a statement issued by
Crnsel for the railroads tonight.
Twenty-eight railroads operating in
Illinois sued for an injunction against
t'-e nublic utilities commission to re-
in it from enforcing the Illinois
I iaw, which it said to conflict with
' a rate of 4 cents granted by the in-
FILIBUSTERS REPORTED.
LAREDO. Jan. 6. Acting on re
ports that a filibustering party of j terstate commerce commission,
smugglers were
attempting to cross
There, promises to be a very lively the Rio Grande into Mexico at some
04 Ai
XT V
JUST ONE PUFF
from an Upton Extra Four cigar
will tell you that at last you
have found real smoke joy. The
smooth, mild, mellow flavor, the
pleasant fragrance, the entire
absence of "bite" all proclaim
the Upton's Extra Foui a cigar
that is thoroughly satisfying. A
trial will cost you no more than
you now pay for your smokes.
Saturday and Sunday 5c straight
other days 4 for 25c.
SPECIALTIES
Upton's Extra Four Specials for Saturday and Sunday,
5c straight; other days 4 for 25c.
A Pull Line of New Pipes ancj Cigar Holders just
received: Beautiful Meerchaum arid Briar Pipes and
Cigar and Cigarette Holders in a large and varied assort
ment. Distributors for National Chewing Gum Co.'s gums in
all flavors. A new product and going strong.
Flor de Baltimore Upmann's Extra Five
Out West 5c Cigar. Parcel Post 5c Cigar.
Best Values (3 sizes) Club House, Longfellow, M. & O.
(3 sizes) and Londres
Dry Climate, 3 for 25c, 10c straight, 2 for 25c.
Watt 5c. Lawrence Barrett 2 for 25c
Full line of 5c cigars including Havana Grant, David
Garrick, Best Values, L. B. A. Good Cigar.
A new line of Loose-Wiles and Watkins Candies.
We do a general jobbing business.
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
Bisuee S
moke House
Main Street.
Phone 191
J. C. White, Prop.
Today the judges denied the peti
tion, "without prejudice" and Indicat
ed that the burden of the problem
rests with utilities t-ommission.
The immediate effect of today's
proceedings was to pave the way for
i a decision by Judge Landis on an
application for a permanent Injunc
tion. In this way decision on the mer-
' its of the case is expected to be at
tained with a decision by the supreme
i court in ultimate view.
I Cases of a similar nature have been
brought to the upper court before but
the present one Is said to represent
the clearest issue . between state's
rights and those of the federal government.
SAYS WE BECOME
CRANKS ON HOT
WATER DRINKING
Hopes every man and woman adopt
this splendid morn
ing habit,
Why is man and woman, half the
time, feeling.. neryJUs, despondent,
worried; soroet days headachy, dull
and unstrung; some days really in
capacitated by illness.
If wp all would practice inside-bathing,
what a gratifying change would
take place. Instead of thousands of
half-sick, anaemic-looking souls with
pasty, muddy complexions we should
see crowds of happy, healthy, rosy
cheecked people everywhere. The rea
son is that the human system (foes not
rid itself each day of all the waste
which It accumulates under the pres
ent mode of living. For every ounce
of food and drink taken into the sys
tem nearly an ounce of waste material
must be carried out, else it ferments
and forms ptomain-like prisons which
are absorbed into the bl'ood.
Just as necessary as it is to clean
the ashes from the furnace each day,
before the fire will burn bright and
hot, so we must each morning clear
the inside organs of the previous day's
accumulation of indigestible waste and
body toxins. Men and women, whether
sick or well, are advised to drink
each morning, before breakfast, a
glass of real hot ' water with a tea
spoonful of limestone- phosphate in it.
as a harmless means of" washing out
of the Btomach. liver, kidneys and
bowels the indigestible material,
waste, sour bile and . toxins; thus
cleansing, sweetening and purifying
the entire alimentary canal before put
ting more food Into the stomach.
Millions of people who had their
turn at constipation, bilious attacks,
acid stomach, nervous days and sleep
less nights have become real cranks
about the .morning inside-bath. A
quarter pound of limestone phosphate
will n'ot cost much at the drug store,
but is sufficient to demonstrate to
anyone, its cleansing, sweetening and
freshening effect upon the system.
(Advertisement)
NOTIC
The price of tires is going up.
Get your tires now at the old
price, from
Brophy Garage &. Supply Co.
Lowell
FIFTY CARS ENTER
PUSHMOBILE RACE;
STARTS ATI TODAY
i
will be the guests of the committee at ; Harriman it Co. will give employees
a bainiiiet to be staged at the Y. M. ; a f.O per cent boims of year's salary.
C A. j
A silver cup will be given to each ; .-
of the winners in every class. Thre
are four classes and eight cups, as a
consequence, will be distributed. Eacli
winning team will also be given $Tt
I worth of merchandise. In addition
Large Number of Entries for each division will be given three add!
Big Event Youngsters of Pnzes
District in the Limelight
With Their Race.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take LAXATIVE BROMO QUININE
tablets. Stop the Cough and Headache
and work off the Cold. Druggists refund
money if it fails to cure. E. W. Grove's
signature is on each box. 25 cents.
Over fifty cars will start in the an
nual holiday pushmobile race, held un
der the auspices of the Miners' Christ-
i mas committee, today at the top of
, the divide. All of the machines were
parked last evening and placed under
guard by the committee.
Owing to past weather conditions
and conflicts with other events the
race was not staged as first arranged.
Unless the weather becomes markedly
worse this morning the race will start
promptly at 1 o'clock and the finish
will be made at the postoffice on Main
street
The number of entries is much larg
er than was anticipated at first. Each
car has two bys a driver and a
mechanic the boy who furnishes the
motive power when this is necessary,
on the top of the divide and far into
the city the road is in good condition.
Only on Main street is it at all bad.
Officials, chosen some time ago, for
the event will be in charge. They are
asked fj meet at the Y. M. C. A. at
noon today.
On Monday evening the boys who
finish in the race, regardless of place.
THEATRE
SUNDAY'S PROGRAM. MONDAY'S PROGRAM
"The Dixie Winner"
Two Reel Drama
'One Chance in a Hundred'
One Reel Drama.
''More Money Than Man
ners" One Reel Comedy.
."The Primal Instinct'
Three Reel Drama.'
"Williams & Violins
One Reel Comedy.
Admission - - - 5c
IE AT WITI G A
MYSTERY SURROUNDS
SUICIDE OF LEWIS
(Continued From Page One)
ing to the district attorney. They
were In the model's apartment about
a year ago when Lewis entered and
was introduced to Miss Colbert who
remarked that "he is my friend from
New York."
Mrs. Chambers informed the dis
trict attorney that Miss Colbert had
confided to her on the day Lewis ar
rived in this city from New York,
which was the day before the mur
der is supposed to have occurred, that
she had "only $ 10 to her name." When
the murder was discovered only ?9
in cash was found among the slain
girl's effects.
After the conference with the new
witness the district attorney an
nounced: ;
"I believe Lewis and Maizie Col-
bert fought over money and that each
discovered the other 'broke.' Ik)th
needed money. There is no confirma-:
tion of the report that the girl had
$1000 in a bank. Miss Colbert appar
ently said something which engered
Lewis and possibly slapped him and
he struck hnr in the face. She either
fell, her bead striking a radiator,
causing the wounds on the back, of
the head, or she was struck with some
weapon. I do not think the man in
tended to kill. It is certain there
were only two persons in the apart-'
ment." I
" X"- "
THE LITTLE PORTABLE GAS HEATER ENABLES YOU
TO QUICKLY CONVERT THE COLDEST ROOM IN
YOUR HOUSE TO WARMTH AND CHEER IT GIVES
Comfort
WHERE YOU WANT IT
WHEN YOU WANT IT
- fcV. 'H
7
LIGHTS AT THE FLASH OF A MATCH CONNECTS
BY A FLEXIBLE METALLIC TUBE AND CAN BE
EASILY MOVED FROM ONE ROOM TO ANOTHER.
1 "tinsLe5
QUICK SAFE CLEAN
Prices $2.75 to $7.00
BISBEE iPROWHT CO. THE BISBEE, DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 7, 1917.
Published Every Day Except Monday by the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 3, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable in Advance:
PER MONTH .75
THREE MONTHS 2.25
SIX MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7-50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter 75
Ne Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
PHONE NO. 39.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor If any irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Sunday Morning, January 7, 1917.
BALLOT INSPECTION AS
VIEWED BY LAWYERS
It being impossible for a layman to fathom the legal
technicalities of the present gubernatorial situation in
this state, we have consulted with various lawyers in an
effort to get whatever light they could shed upon the
situation and pass it on to our readers. As these gentle
men describe it, the situation is about as follows:
Arizona has no law which provides a method of can;
vassing the vote for state officers. The first legislature
did pass a law creating a state canvassing board con
sisting of the Governor, Secretary of State and Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court, but that law was held in
valid by the Supreme Court because it violated the i-on-stitution
of the state. That was the same decision which
Jield that all officials elected at the first general election
held over for an extra term without re-election.
Nothing has been done since to provide a legal method
of canvassing the vote, but as a matter of practice the
Secretary of State has examined the returns from tho
county boards of supervisors, ascertained the results and
issued certificates of election to the winners. These cer
tificates have always been recognized. The constitution
provides that the Secretary shall issue them. Doubtloss
ex-governor Hunt received such a certificate when he
was elected in 1914, as did every otiier successful can
didate. Following the last election, Secretary Osborn, examined
the returns and found that Campbell appeared to have a
majority of the votes. He then issued a certificate of
election to Campbell just as he did to every other suc
cessful candidate.
Eefore the certificate was issued Hunt filed ah election
contest in the Superior Court of Maricopa County. Under
the law such a contest may be filed within a certain
number of days after the result of the election is officially
declared. Campbell objected to this contest because it
was started before Osborn had issued any certificate of
election and the court ordered tiie contest dismissed.
Hunt appealed to the Supreme Court and finally the
lawyers made an agreement in writing, which in legal
parlance is a stipulation. As a part of this stipulation
Hunt allowed Osborn to issue the certificate to Camplieil.
Hunt dismissed another suit he had filed to prevent
Osborn from doing this. Osborn then issued the cer
tificate, and the contest was allowed -to proceed "Just us
if it had been filed after the certificate had issued.
The law allows either party to an election contest to
secure an inspection of the ballots in order to prepare for
the trial cf the case. Hunt asked for such an inspection,
and it was given to him. It is now in progress. Sever::!
sets of inspectors have worked at top speed for some
weeks ar.d are not through yet. As the inspection pro
ceeds each party objects to anyYallots that do not suit
him, and those ballots are made note of to be passed upon
by the court when the trial comes on. Lots of ballots
counted for Hunt have been objected to by Campbell and
many that are counted for Campbell have been objected
to by Hunt. When the trial takes place, some time in the
future, the court will say how these ballots will be
counted. After the court has ruled, there will be an ap
peal and Hie fight will go on until a liiial decision is had.
Meanwhile the official returns remain the ofliciul re
turns. The preliminary inspection docs not affect the re
turns. When the case is finally decided, these returns
may be changed by the courts according to the way the
ballots should be counted, but until then ( iinipbell will
be elected according to the ollicial returns, and his cer
tificate of election will remain perfectly good. Of course,
each party claims that he will show that he is elected
when the trial is had, but their claims do not change any
thing until the court says so.
Now it frequently happens that litigation lasts a long
time. So it becomes a matter of interest as to who shall
hold down t.'ie job or governor while the fight is going on.
Hunt thinks he should be flic man to do this because he
is already on the job and has Imcii for live years, and
because he is sure that whenever his contest is tried he
will show that the official returns are wrong and that lit:
is. elected.
' ' t
So Hunt is holding Hie furl, and at the same time Is
contesting Campbell's election. In his contest he says
that Campbell has been officially declared elected. When
Campbell tries to oust him from the comfortable olliecs in
the capital building, he says th.it while CauiplM.il h c;
been ufikiaHy tkclired e'.c-jtej, Le i.cU'L to .-.o--
ever his contest is tried, that this official declaration is
wrong. He even claims that the discoveries he has made
in the course of the inspection above mentioned have
changed the ollicial returns already.
Thus it appears that this legal hocus pocus simply
means that Hunt claims Campbell has been officially
declared elected, and at the same time claims the re
turns are wrong. It would seem that, since Campbell
las the official returns with him, he should be entitled 10
take the office and lujld It until the courts decide whether
or not Hunt can make good his claim that the official
returns are wrong. Otherwise, wy have any official re
turns? If no election is to be final until decided by tho
courts there should be an end to the time honored custom
of vacating office when the official returns are against
the incumbent. Every man' in office should stay ttiere
until the courts put him out and should be permitted to
contest the other fellow's election and hold the office at
the same time.
It is probable that the Supreme Court will not view
the matter in this way, but will require Hunt to yield to
Campbell for the present, and leave it to the pending con
test proceedings to determine whether the official count
is wrong as claimed by Hunt. At any rate this seems the
reasonable view to take of it.
LEGISLATIVE WORK
MINING LAWS.
One of the most important plans of the Arizona State
Bureau of Mines is to conduct a legislative research
bureau for laws relating to mining, both state and federal,
in conjunction with the department of legislative research
of the University of Arizona.
Probably one of the greatest burdens under which th3
mining industry rests today is that of confusing arid ill
advised laws. This is particularly well illustrated in our
federal mining laws which have been under fire now for
several years, and which should be investigated by both
state and government bureaus with a view to obtaining
more equitable legislation.
Another desirable point to be considered in connection
with a legislative research bureau is the securing of uni
form mining legislation through the various mining
states of the West.
While it is not within the province of the State Uurcaii
of Mines to recommend laws, it can conduct research s
on proposed legislation for both the state legislature and
Congress.
' USING THE MISSISSIPPI.
An organization of St. Paul business men has entered
upon a project which may lead to a revival of our great
inland water way:;. A barge traffic system is planned
for the Mississippi and Ohio rivers. Heavy freight of all
sorts will be hauled in steel barges, drawn by towboa'.s
of SCO to 2,000 horsepower. The promoters are trying
to organize a co-operative association of cities for the
whole length of the Mississippi and its navigable tribu
taries. St. Paul and Minneapolis have already started
work on their terminals. The government is expected to
provide and maintain a six-foot channel north of St. Louis
and a deeper channel below.
It is expected that the Mississippi will thus furnish a
iiew outlet for the iron ore of the Mesaba range. It is to
be shipped to St. Paul by rail, thence down the Missis
sippi to St. Louis and New Orleans, or to the north of
the Ohio and then up that stream to Pittsburg and other
eastern cities. In the latter traffic, the barges would
carry coal on the return trip. Thus the rivers would as
sume much of the transportation business that now goes
by way of the Great Lakes.
It's part of a plan by which cities of the mid-continent
hope to obtain for themselves the advantages that the
eastern and western coasts have gained from the Pana
ma Canal. The whole county will wish them success in
the undertaking. Scores of millions of dollars of the
nation's money have been spent in dredging these inland
rivers, hitherto to little purpose. In late years the river
traffic .has sadly fallen off. Now- the inadequacy of rail
read facilities emphasizes the folly of neglecting such
valuable transportation routes. Additional millions for
their development will not be grudged, if the communities
that lias access tb the rivers set about in earnest to proht
from the expenditure.
BLUE FOR FLIES.
French scientists have been investigating the eyesight
cf flies. It might be supposed that French scientists
would have something more important to' do just now;
1 ut that needn't keep us from profiting by an odd dis
covery they've made.
It appears that flies can't see anything very clearly un
less it's white. Therefore they love white light and while
surfaces. They like yellow nearly as well. Hut for some
mysterious reason, they hate blue. And hence the useful
hint -if you want to keep Hies out of a roem without
bothering about screens or flytraps or sticky My paper,
just make the walls blue.
The Arabs knew this long ago. For centuries they
have kept flies out of their houses by giving the interior
a prevailing light blue tint. The Japanese seem to have
the same idea, in the custom of hanging curtains of blue
beads and painted bamboo at the entrance to pastry shops
and other places that naturally attract flies. The insecis
inside go out through the narrow blits where the whitv
light shows from t'ie outside, and don't go in because
the blue color turns tin In away.
It's worth thinking about when you paper the house hi
the spring.. If you dun'! like blue, the M'ieiilists say green
will do nearly as well.
The paper manufacturers, when their turn came in the
investigation being conducted by the federal trade com
mission, refused to testify regarding the prices charged
newspapers for print paper. Perhaps the department of
jut-lice would have mole success in extracting informa
!:u!i fr.-u: fhciii.
(Continued From Page One)
some of them having been shifted
from straight Republican to straight
Democratic. Similarities in the pen
cil markings led to the belief that
the work had all been done by a sin
gle hand.
The other Cochise precinct is being
awaited with keen interest by Re
publican inspectors, w ho had inlojnia
tion that can sod them to be eager o
delve into the mysteries of Douglas
No. 1.
Gila county, the other big Hun
stronghold, returned a gain of 27 for
Campbell with Globe precinct No. 9,
issing entirely. The bag containing
these ballots, had not been located at
the court house this evening.
A compilation by the Republican
inspectors, following today's inspec
tion disclosed a gain in the state Jo
date of 110 for Campbell. Adding
these to the official 30 for Campbell,
shoving in the Wilgus total of S and
sutstracting the 91. which represents
the majority Hunt has over Campbell
among the disputed ballots, and it
leaves the Republican contestee with
a clear majority of 37.
According to Judge T. W. Nealon.
the court's inspector, the inspection
will end about noon Monday he in
timated that the work might go on
during the rest of that day, but that
the final ballot box would be opened
and its contents sorted out by the
time the noon hour arrived.
Up to quitting time tonight, there
had been inspected all ballots, except
tetween 300 and 350 in Greenlee
county and about 1,800 in Cochise.
The three boards will combine Mon
day on these 2,100 or so and ought
to have them out of the way early.
' Hunt's lead on disputed ballots is
91. Campbell workers believe, how
ever, that on a trial of these ballots,
they will gain more tlran Hunt.
Homer R. Wood stated .tonight that
the total net gain of ''Governor" Hunt
up to closing time today, was 165
He explained that this was not above
the Campbell official majority of 30,
but me.it that Hunt was now, in
to the good. The tabulated returns
from the Hunt angle, are in posses
sion of W. H. Plunkett, who could
not be reached tonig!;t.
PHOENIX, Jan. C For pres
ident cf the senate, D. H. Clar-
idge, Graham.
For floor leader Fred Sutter,
Cochise.
For speaker of the house, A. A.
Johns, Yavapai.
That is the way the caucuses of
the Democratic members of the two
houses of legislature, will see things
alter tomorrow night's caucus. In
the heat of the fights over the lead
erships neither house, at informal two
by two meetings today decided any
thing else looking to the organization
of what may be a puzzled legisla
ture Monday noon.
On the matter of adjournment the
majority of the solons seemed to pre
fer a clay by day proposition, to an
adjournment, for the t,enn of the war
between Campbell and Hunt.
So, when the third state legisla
ture convenes Monday the chief ques
tion will remain undecided. The law
makers did not have the inclination
to choose themselves a governor.
Possibly because the "politicking"
was delayed one week by the uncer
tainty of the governorship, it proved
exceeinely fervent tonight. The ses
sions took place ut the Hotel Adams,
which swarmed with notables and
hangers on from morning until late
at night. Members of the Hunt fac
tion did not admit the possibility of
the defeat of Loren F. Vaughn for
speaker, up to press time, although
the conservatives openly admitted
that Tony Johns, w ith some Republi
can support back of him, was a dead
mortal cinch. Vaughn was optimistic
however.
In the same manner, opposition to
Mulford Winsor. candidate for presi
dent of the senate,' coagulated bac k
of Claridge and Sutter, and for 8
time il looked as though the two
might break up the camp. P.ut tonight
it was announced in those mysterious
ways in which the news of caucuses
reach the political onlooger. that Clar
idge would get ihe name and the
right to sit ii at the big desk, and
that Judge Sutter would pace about
on the lloor and direct the forces ol
Hen, oi racy ; t the probb in ol saving
the state.
Most of the outside comities have
sent in their well looking young
ladit, who intend to pass papers
around among the solons mid draw
their five a day. In fact some coun
ties, including Maricopa, have more
applicants for attache jobs than con
be filled even by the Arizona legisla
ture, and it is hinted that this ses
sion intends to create a new indoor
record for whacking off the heads of
superfluous hired hands. Possibly
the third legislature hopes to gr t out
of Phoenix without the obloi thai
followed the second. wlcil it made
war talk on extravagance and then
hired double the help list of the
first.
In spite or the fact Hint th city
is seething with legislators and leg
islative agents, nobody could pry any
thing out of O'eir several or combined
minds about hills. For a legislature
that is alioiil to be. Ibis one is siM'u
laily bill less. II is gn ing a plumb
good initiation o! i at op l l lit c. ' u
l buuUu-i4 h; buil V"l,:. i
TLEASE GO 'WAY AND LET ME SLEEP"
I'.y BRINK F.RHOI'F.
Yyyyyyyy
.'y:yy-yCy,- .ym vV
Li - L . I .
i
v 1
' ' ;"!" '..',",' ' '. . : " .. '" .''- i'-y '...
KMk-"'yyy r ; v ' tytfzh ,
M m.-y yymmyx
ff4 -d- ' V . J f-, U )V : .
l'V'-.,W.- v. . .1 '.X -
H:v:' y '-r ' '(: yy-- '
mmm .myyrmyyf,
fry. y w-y yy -yyy y y -y y-' ,- -.
i : :?: :'1l :. "'. --.'v.", i -.t ' ' " .s!" :,.
Bym:yyy: y:" " mkfytm
:yy?ytyyyyy Ayy- 1 .ym ' y
waitit g to see which bail pup is go
ing to get tired of jumping first.
The opinion among the best in
formed this evening was that until
the supreme court decides the Campbell-Hunt
mandamus case, there will
oe no formal action save that neces
sary to organizing. So, on the hour
of twelve Monday, the two houses
..ill convene, get the usual pow-wow
:iver and then organize. The adjourn
ment will be taken until Tuesday, by
vhich time the supreme court will de
cic the fir.it issue in tl:e mandamus
case. If there is. nothing indicative
of the manner in which the contest
is going to be decided, the second
adjournment will be taken. In this
nanner, the lawmakers will avoid
:iaving to choose between Campbell
snd Hunt, will escape the necessity
f ignoring both messages, or of ac
epting both all of whichare within
ts option.
SUMMARY
With Money
That's the way wealth has been gained ever since the
world started.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is making money for you with the four per cent
interest which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT
GROW!
Citizens Bank & Trust Company
Main Street Bisbee. Arizona
Will E. McKee, President C A. McDonald, Cashier,
O. W. Wolf, Assistant Cashier.
The Scrcth has been reached by
the tioops.of von Miickeiisen at two
Miinls between Fokshany and Galalz,
the last Itumnnii'ii Jiort on the Pan
ihe and which is reported under iho
'ire of German guns.
From the I'zul valley to Galatz. the
Ausiro 'Germans haw been successful
it several points and have compelled !
'.he Russians and Rumanians to re-
tire before tl.-ir' attacks. At one
oint in the I'zmI valley the Ku"si:!ns
veic victorious in a b-itile for the
xissessioti of a height. Ileaiy fight
ing is repotted in the region of Sn ia
:n the Suchitzti valley, about li miles
inis'Ie the Moldavian Poniier. South
if the Trot us villey the Austro Ger
iians in t'leir latest advance have
tnkeli prisoners.
In scut hern Mo!da:a Field Mar
ihal Mack"ns. n follo'ved up his at
t.ure of Rralia villi the oer-upat'on
if five towns south of the Sereth and
between Fokshany and ;;ila!z Noiih
if I'.ralia. Pi tro rail admits that the
lussiaiis anil Uuinrii iaiis have retired
MTos.5 I lie Serelli.
Russian atlae'hs I 1 1 her south along
i tie- pvina river failed. Itu si.m
loops. s:is I'etiegrad. were success
nil ill coinhat.i wes ol Riga, taking
'T5 prisoneis ai d one battery. There
has been little :ciiilv ;h.iig tin
west of the eastern front except in
.lie Carpathians whcie a Russian at
'ink in the region of K'.r'.ibabn was
ri pulsed.
Nor'h of liver nrre. :n r.ort'icrn
fiance. P.tiiish inn-p-i in a night at
ta'k entiled a German aJ'-nnced
trench. North. -ait of V r.'.un a Ger
v.ai: raid was 'iiade int'i the l";ei" !i
'ires. Artillery eiigageinetii s rre t.ik
ir.g pl.'ce a iithi r points in this
front.
An a'tai K ! a : I rung l'.rit'--'i bce
igaimt Tuikh.li pnsit tons mar Inam
Vnliinied on Hie Tirri:. Iio'il was
repulsed with heavy losses, onstan
liftople reMiits and the Hritiv'i re
ft red to their lunches. Last of
Hamailan. in Persia, the Turks re
pulsed a Russian attack. Near Sak
ki. Hie If'issi in attack was also
In eked h Ho' Turks.
veie lighting has I i'mii placl
ti'iiiu! T';.. i ut t''i i!'irnni mil ot
s
YOU PLAN WELL
FOR THE NEW YEAR
Prudent is the person who locks ahead and
plans well for the new year who maps
out the course of safety and pursues it.
Your account is invited.
4'r Interest Paid on
Time Deposits.
LakMaC3nfssWA WvafttJipAtAUfjeWaKAeUBaiBlBaBK
' j o . .... . j a . u - .. v. . v - - o - i ' i r
Your attention is especially directed to
the importance of saving and depositing a
portion of each earned dollar in the Bank.
Make the start NOW in our Savings
Department.
Dank with us.
ry.
V
lis r tab is . M THE BlSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 7, 1917.
FIVE
LOCAL
LEAVES FOR COAST.
Mrs. C. C. Finlayson, of Johnson
Addition, left last evening for San
Francisco, being called there by tue
death of her brother, Thompson King.
Mr. King and his wife visited the War
ren District several years ago and are
remembered by many local people.
MEET TUESDAY.
The Parent-Teachers Association of
Loucoln School will" hold a meeting
Tuesday evening at 7:30 o'clock at the
school in Tpper Tombstone Canyon.
Miss Gregg, primary supervisor, will
speak on the subject, "The School as
a Community Center."
COPPER QUEEN BAND 'MINERS' CHRISTMAS
CLOSES BIGGEST YEAR
IN ITS HISTORY
Capable Leader, Eibert Veale,
Re-Elected Other Officers,
Chosen Anew 1917 Prom
ises Much for Organization.
FOND COMMITTEE IN
REPORT OF ITS WORK
The Churches
HOLLA?.' L'L JMYiY I UuV:,L Wiiii .MODERN APPLIANCES
OfAT-
HAS BLOOD POISONING.
George Middleton, better known as
"Silver Tip", an old time miner of the j
Warren District and, at the present
1916 was the most successful year
in the history of Bisbee's leading
musical organization the Copper
Queen band and the annual meeting,
at which was elected 'officers for the
ensuing year, took notice of the fact.
I'nder the capable leadership of El
bert Veale, who is one of the best
I band leadeis in the Southwest, the or
ganization has come to be recognized
as in every part of the state.
having a slinter in his hand.
"THE TRAFFICKERS"
AT ORPHEUM MONDAY
Interesting Picture of. Widely
n Subject at Orp
for Two Days.
time, employed at the Shattuck, is suf-, ThrouBn the courtesy of tue copper
fering from blood poisoning, due toifWpn ,.., thp hani, aimpaiVli at
' 1 - I r
I the slate fair and played many con-
certs at the fair grounds and down
town during that w eek. It was uni
i versaily declared to be the best band
; in the state of Arizona, not excepting
i the many military bauds which are
! now on duty along the border.
The following officers of the band
iwere selected for the year 1917:
President, G. II. Dowell.
. - : i .. . . , -. . . .... i :i. .
- . g ( v ice presiuem:, xiiiiucrLt. r iumi(i ,
rvnown OUDjeci ai wrpneum ' Frank Sinclair, George Meiers.
Ii'onorary members, Tom Jewell,
'Andy Cromer, F. Harris, John Hughes,
The human interest is so marked in John Kadcliff, Wni. Toland, J. Teniby
the photo-play "The TraScers," which p. Alvin, Cert Fenner and J. Hartman.
comes to the Orpheum theatre for two i jiusical director, Elbert Veale.
days' engagement, commencing i'.ou- J Assistant director and manager
day, that it is claimed patrons have i John T. Watson,
in many instances where shown, re-! Secretary. William Pellow.
turned the second and third time to Treasurer, Tat -McCusker.
review the production. This cannot j Business committee, C. Frazee, L.
be due to public desire for something j pascoe, Percy Meyers, W. Argus. Pat
sensational as the subject is handled j McCusker, W. Pellow, and J. T. Wat
in too chaste a manner. The life and ! son
"hiethods of the Tratficers (wh'ose busi-i property man, M. Courtney.
ness is to entice young girls into im-
moral life, then sell them into White' rimi Airrn
Slavery) is illustrated without any at- I fnl rmrLQYLLS
tempt at exaggeration or dramatic LUUfiU Ullll UU I LLw
beauty. It is bare facts and informa
tion that every self-respecting citizen
should know about and use his influ
ence to eradicate; and produced by
probably the best informed men on
this subject in the world, viz: Mr.
Samuel H. London, who circled the
globe in his investigation work and his
report, including statistics and recom
mendations is on file with the depart
ment of justice at Washington, D. C.
It is stated of the picture that it will
certainly thrill its audiences but not
amuse.
The manager ofthe Orpheum sug-1
gests that every parent see this pro
duction and further states every son
and daughter old enough to understtnd .
will gain a great moral lesson from its
portrayal. I
j Excellent Showing Is Made by
Miners Christmas Fund
Committee Treasurer's Re
port Is Complete.
Th Miners' Christmas Fund Com
mittee desires to respectfully submit
to the public, the following statement
of receipts and expenditures- for the
current year:
Financial Statement Children's Christ
mas Fund, 1916
Receipts
H. I). Benton, treasurer, IWIj
balance $ :19.S5
Copper Queen Mines
Division 1
GIVEN PRESENT BY
RAILROAD COMPANY
s
All Employees in the Warren
District Not Under Contract
Given 10 Percent Bonus
Who Have Worked a Year.
HEARINGS CONTINUE.
(Dy Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON', Jan. 6. Hearings
Employes of the local division ot
the El Paso &. Southwestern railroad
not under contract were surprised yes
terday on the regular semi-monthly ar
liv:.; of the pav'car when ti! y re
ceived a substantial bonus irom the
j company.
! All employes of this kind v.ln had
i been working for '.he railroad a year
'or longer received a bonus of ten per
cent of their year's wages. Employes
I who had been at work less than a
(year but more than six months were
' given a bonus of five per cent. The
..rm.on inj,rii its eola:iH"!Cll !1'
before the Senate commerce commit-; printed 'cards dated December 22 in
tee on the Webb bill to permit estah- Xew York which read as follows:
lishruent by American concerns ot. ju view of the existing abnormal
joint foreign selling agencies conclud- conditions which have increased many
ed today with an argument by Gilbert personal' aand household expeditures
H. Montague of New York on legal and in recognition of the loyalty and
eflieiencv with which you have re-
aspects of the measure. alunUig .
The committee will resume hear- j)f unusual proSipi.rUy an,i busi
ings Monday on President ilso s n ss a( tivjtVt a special , appropriation
recommended railroad legislation sup- i. ...a,,, from which we have
nlementine the dA aor tn sactiona. i ,.i,..j,ir. in handing you the enclosed
plementing the Adamson act.
j pleasure in handing
! check.
Division 2
Division 3
Division 5 . . . .
Division 6
("Division 7
White Tailed Deer
Mechanical Dep?rtment
Surface
General Offices
r,i.no
150.25
S.5.50
156.00
8:!45
12!) 50
19.50
10S 50
10
22.0C
Calumet and Arizona Mines
Junction 13.1
Briggs 12!) 00
Cole 109.
Oliver 104.00
Miscellaneous .. . . .' 36.50
Shvttuck Arizona Mine 1S0.25
Wolvertine & Arizona ........ 19.00
Higgins Mint 15.50
Brewery Gulch Business Men. 55.00
.Main street niismess .vi"n .. iuu.u
Lowell Business Men 2S.10
Total $176.1.90
Expenditures
Securing and hauling tree ...$ 10.00
Watchman for tree 7.85
Decorating tree 35.00
Presents for 3.0C0 children.. 719.21
Printing 11.50
Watchman for Pushmobiles . . 4.00
Prizes for Pushmobile race . . N9.00
Banquet for boys after race . . 50.00
Incidentals ' 1.00
Total $95
Palance on hand $ S06.01
In addition to the above financial
statement, the commi'tee desires to
express their hearty thanks and ap
preciation to all those who have con
tributed so generously, either time,
money or both, to make the children's
celebration a success, and extend to
them their very best wishes for a
Happy New Year.
It will be impossible to mention all
personally who so contributed, but tho
ommittee feels that they cannot re
frain from commenting on the gen
erous assistance from the Domestic
science
class of the
the three
high school in
thousand hags
DesertMining&DeveiopmentGo.
A CHANCE TO GET IN ON A REAL MINE WHICH
HAS BEEN WORKING TWO SHIFTS WITHOUT
A STOP FOR A YEAR, WITH MODERN MACHIN
ERY. THIS COMPANY KEEPS ON WORKING WHILE
OTHERS ADVERTISE.
Make inquiries at the Jerome Banks as to the personnel
of the officers of the DESERT.
Capitalization 500,000 Shares. Small offering of stock
at 75c per Share.
- This company is working 16 claims in the Cunning
ham Pass, just 9 miles North of Wenden, and own in
the Wenden District 27 claims, or 540 acres of highly
mineralized ground.
On Copper Hill claim, shaft No. 1 is down 200 feet,
and considerable showing of ore was encountered all
along, and at the bottom drifts have been run showing
a large body of disseminated ore. Shaft No. 2 is down
325 feet, double compartment, and a crosscut run to
the right passes through 1 2 feet of mineralized matter
to the foot wall, where a drift is being run i.-i now 100
feet, all in low grade ore. Crosscutting to the south has
proven 30 feet in width of the mineralized area.
Robert W, Hoilis, mining engineer, formerly with lh
Ray Consolidated Copper Co., has examined the prop
erty, and endorses it. 1 lis endorsement, is based en
tirely upon the showing oft the propcily iisdt, not upon
adjoining properties, or what others in lire same di iti::t
show.
The Desert has equipment to sink lo I he 1000 foot
level and work the drifts at the same time. 1 lie man
agement believes that those investing in the Desert tan
figure on getting big returns in the near future.
Write, telephone or telegraph j our stock reservations to
BUNTMAN & KELLOGG,
Telephone 657. 37 North Fir.l Av. Ph'r.ix , A'ir.
preparing
. - . i . .. I i ,1 . . ... ... . i,
1 nnr uiiuiru g MT-rr-ui ni I lie lire.
Inasmuch as there has been con
siderable criticism from various
sources, of the many changes in the
omrrlittee's plan, made necessary by
the weather and the desire to avoid
conflict with previously arranged cel
ebrations, Uie committee wishes to
ake this opportunity to explain that
it was impossible to prevent conflicts
and at the same time suit the con
venience of those who made the cel-
'b rat ion possible. Consequently, the
community Christmas tree, originally
planned for Saturday night, Decem
ber 23d, was postponed until Sunday
night. December 24th, thus purtially
conflicting with the previously ar
tanged church and Sunday school
:elebrations, but permitting the min
?rs from both shifts to attend.
The Pushmobile contest, originally
scheduled for Christmas morning.
as postponed, owing to the weather,
0 Sunday, December 31st, but again,
owing to condition of the road mid
to .protest entered by the Warren
District Ministerial Association ta the
."ontiict with the Sunday school and
church service hours, the contest was
again postponed, and will he held,
this afternoon. January 7, at 1 p. in.
This arrangement wiil enable both
shilts to witness the even'., and'will
not interfere with church services or
Sunday school exercises.
In view of the unexpectedly lare
balance vhiih wiil be h it alter all
obligations haw been nut, the com
mittee desires to obtain from those
who have contributed, any suggestion
;is to how the money should be dis
posed of. ami do hereby call upon
those vvho collected the subscriptions
to caiivriss the subscribers, and be
ready to report to the cii'iimitfe at
a. meeting to lie held at 7:30 p. m.. ',
1 riday evening, January 12. at the V.
('. A. The committee takes the
liberty of suggesting that at least hall J
the amount be set aside for next year, j
in . if v of the probability that the i
ci'tnp will not be as prosperous, aral i
that tlie remainder be turned over t
tile U'airen District Relief Associa
tion, lor I lie lienclit lit till' pour l llil-
dri n ot the district. '
Tin: com .mi itki:. ;
PRCMiNENT FJAILROADER DEAD.
NKW ()l!l.i;..S. Jan Il-nry'
I'.aMwin. iied t;.:. one ot I lit
knoo n railroa dun n in the south. lni
and killed himself at his home heie
today. II chad lic-.n in poor heal'h.
Mr i'.alihvirr for the ufi lew years had
been customs agent here for the Illin
ois Central and Yazoo and .Mississippi
Presbyterian Church.
Suudaj SviKol at U:tj a. m.
Ling for .Missions."
Young people's meeting at :"0 p
'iu. Topic: "Are you evading moral
issues?" Matthew 12:22-r,0. Consecra
tion meeting. Offering for the i'jeal I
work for "Missions."
Public Worship at 11 a. m. and at
7:30 p. m., with sermaus by the pastor.
Choir practice Thursday evening.
The next Communion service will he
held the last Sunday of the month,
when members will be received into
the church.
JOHN K. FRY, Pastor.
Bisbee Suburbs.
WARREN: Sunday School 10 a. m.
Preaching, 11 a. in.
SOUTH B1SRKK: Sunday School 3 p
m. Preaching, 7 p. ni. C. E. Tues
day, 7 p. in.
DON LI IS: Sunday School 10:30
a. ni.
LOWELL: Sunday Sehooi, 10 a. ni.
C. E. Thursday, 7:30 p. m.
This is the first Lord's Day in the
New Y'ear. Let us resolve to use It
well, to the glory of God and spiritual
uplife of the peopie. I
J. RHYS EVANS, Minister.
First Baptist Church. !
9:43, Sunday School, K. M. Howard.!
superintendent. A Sunday School pin :
given to every one present. j
11 o'clock, preaching.
Subject: "The Lord's Supper."
1'2 o'clock. Communion.
6:45, Junior and Senior 11. Y. 1
7:45, preaching.
Subject: "The All Conquering
Name."
Wednesday evening, prayer meeting.
Thursday evening. Choir practice.
miU ... '
' .... . .. . : :; .- : 7&-TA$y.''.
1 i u : e h : o';i.
This is the DuUh sc,!.!ier as he
actual i.rfii, tl.f y ii Mi.;:iv-d ;
POULTRY SHOW BEST
EVER HELD IN THE
WARREN DISTRICT
For pigeons !!. Mahry, W.. Kirkhuul.
Martin tic Johnson. I . Telford. There
were also a number ot evhibiu ot
dugs, rabbit-i and caged birds. Mrs.
Peter Cokl.il! r
for the Lest dog entered. 11. . Fen
wick secured the second prize, v hile
the third went lo V'. J. Kirkland.
Many Excellent Birds Were
; Placed on Exhibition and
I Prizes Are Awarded to
i Many. i
The Iiishee Poultry and Pet Stock
Association exhibit that has been open
You will receive a royal welcome at . for the past few days closed last
all the services.
F. M. PITMAN.
Christian Science Society.
Christian Science Society of Risbee
holds services in I. O. O. F. Hall at
11 a. m. The public is welcome and
invited to attend. Subject r.ir today:
"God".
evening. The exhibit was well attend
ed and the most successful that has
been had in Iiishee. The list of prize
winners includes Sam Whalley, Geo.
Fearon. Harry Mahry. W. W. Carney,
George Moore, H. lieiloii. II. Costly,
D. S. Ketchel. Tom Romson, J. Patter
son and Fowler & llibble t'.ir poultry.
cellent cast of Fox players. Walter
Law and Gien White have leading
roles, and Mi.-s Pearson herself ha
the only girl's part in the film. The
eived the first prize ! photoplay was made iftider the direc
tion Vf Keneau Uuel. This is the
story:
Jen MacDougal is a Scotch peasant
girl, whom two men love. She marries
j me secretly, just as he is about to
! leave for the front. Then, when skij
J hears he has been killed, her father's
I insistence compels her to marry th l
other, Robin Gray. Robin thinks that
t ie chilil, who is born later, is his
own.
VIRGINIA PEARSON
AS THE WAR SEISE
Fox Star Makes More Than
Good in Fhotoplav Which
Appears at the Royal.
Virginia Pear: on is
star of the new photep'.
Main Fox prest in, "Tilt
Secret," and which will
the beautiful
,iv w hich ' Wii-
War Pride's
appear lor the
last time today
Supporting Mi
at the Koval.
s Pear.-on is an ex-
The first husband, who had been
only wounded, returns to the village,
and goes to the girl's home. Robin,
returning, realizes the truth. He de
cides to leave the house, and allows
the girl to go back to her rightful husband.
Orpheum
1
THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY, JAN. 11, 12, 13
MATINEE 25 AND SO CENTS.
Clune's Lavish Production
SEATS NOW ON SALE
HAROLD BELL WRIGHT'S
NIGHT 25, 50 AND 75 CTS.
Famous Story of Adventure
the EYES the WORLD
MAGNIFICENT CINEMA ACHIEVEMENT
(IN TEX REELS)
Positively the finest photodramatic work since "Ramona" (by the same producer)
10,000 FEET
OF GRIPPING
PHOTODRAMA
1000 SCENES
OF BRILLIANT
PHOTOGRAPHY
STAGED ON
ACTUAL SCENES
OF THE STORY
5 Av , . r , -
" .fo.' s ' rh.: A-1 -V
'"V
- .tJ ' ,-
1
STORY AMPLIFIED
FOR PRODUCTION
BY THE AUTHOR
ACCOMPANIED BY
ELABORATE
MUSIC SCORE
MADE AT VAST
EXPENSE AND SIX
MONTHS' LABOR
Over l.'JOO.'KAJ renders h.ivc
bet tlicir st.nnp of .ipprov.il on
THE EYES OF THE WORLD
In lccl form. It is one of the most
ii'n.tiic aed cxcitmy romantic stones
in all literature. 4
Sv-t r-jp? V TT1 Thril'ing escape of ihe convirt Willas J; Kiu'nr.ppins of Sybil, the mountain girl;
S" 2! k4 Wi!ci rifle of lhe ""B lorcst "'S; Tragic tatc of lha fashionable rake Taine;
-ft & ii ' Rival lovers' f.ght to the death on (he cKfi ai d many, other exciting episodes of
the celhrited story that have made "The Eyes of the Wo r!d" the rrcst successful lale cf modern times. SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 7, 1917.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, Jan. 0 Except for its
.relatively strong undertone, today's
dull and narrow maikct presented not
a feature of special interest. Recov
eries of 1 to 3 points from yesterday's
lowest levels, some of which were
later forfeited, resulted almost wholly
from the closing of traders' contracts.
The attendance of members ou the
floor wris characteristic of the past
holiday period and public interest was
aeain lacking. United States Steel
and the usual specialties contribute
more than half to the insignificant
total. Metals also were substantially
better, but rails were apathetic. Total
sals of stocVfe 3S5.O00 shares.
Foreien affairs evoked little Inter
est sile from the announcement of
another large cold Importation for
account of the British government.
Exchange on London was firm, but
rates on Paris. Berlin and Roe
shaded sliehtly.
Domestic trade reports indicated a
sliest halt in mercintile lines. The
sortae-e continues to work to the
trirent of steel mills and allied in
dustries. Actual reserves of local clepring
bouse banks for the first week of the
new year expanded by more than $23,
000 000. Firmness ruled in bonds
with an active demand for Southern
Railway general fours at a full point
net gain. International bonds also
denoted a better Inauiry. Total sales
of bonds, par value, $3,850,000.
Government bonds were slightly
more active during the week, United
States threes advancing a slight frac
tion while Panama threes yielded a
point.
Grain Markets
CHICAGO, Jan. 6 Emperor Wil
liam's message to his troops that the
war would continue acted as one of
many elements today that forced a
sharp advance in the price of wheat.
After an extreme rise of 54 the mar
ket reacted but closed strong, t to
i net higher, with May at 1.84
to 1.85'4 and July 1.516 to 1.51.
Other staples too, scored substantial
gains corn 1 to 1, oats 1 to 1,
and provisions 12 to 32c.
From the beginning the market
displayed notable strength. Leaders
in yesterday's selling became con
spicuous buyers and the scarcity of
offerings was so pronounced that the
advance in values met no material op
position until in the last hour profit
taking and week-end evening up of
trades caused a sag.
Enthusiasm of wheat buyers rested
to a considerable extent upon the ad
vices that the number 'of vessels at
Gulf of Mexico ports was now am
ple. Much attention also was given
to statement that domestic stocks out
side of the commercial visible sup
ply were rapidly disappearing and
that a decrease was likely in the visi
ble supply total on Monday. .
Corn ascended to $1 a bushel. May
delivery, the highest price since 1892 '
and with that exception the topmast
level in forty years. ,
Oats shared the strength of other
cereals. Liberal purchasing for the
seaboard helped to lift the market.
Advancing quotations on bogs and .
grain caused free buying of provisions.
Notice was taken also of the fact
that western receipts of hoes for the
week totaled only 607,000 as against
978,000 a year ago.
NEW YORK
Anaconda S3
American Can 48
American Car 66
American Loco TR
American Smelter JWi
American Sugar 109
Atchison .' 10576
B & O. .... 83s,
Baldwin 57
Bethlehem Steel 499
C. & 0 64
C. F. 1 145
Canadian Pacific 159
Crucible 63
Distillers 30
Erie 33
Goodrich : 58
Great Northern Ore 36
Indiana Alcohol 118
Marine 26
Marine Preferred 85 V
Maxwell 52
Mexican Petroleum 103
Midvale 63
New York Central 102
Northern Pacific 110
Pennsylvania 56
Reading 102
Rep Steel 79
, Rubber 62
Studebaker 106
Steel 112
Steel Preferred 120
St Paul 91
Southern Pacific 97
Union Pacific 143
United Fruit 148
United States Marine 63
Westinghouse 53
BOSTON
Adventure 3 ,
Allouez 62 j
Arizona Commercial 14 i
Alaska 106
American tine 36 '
Butte 46 I
C. &. A 79 i
C. & M 545 I
Chino 52 j
C. Range 65
East Butte 15 I
G. Can 43
Gold field 77
Hancock 17
Inspiration 57
Indiana 2
Kennecott 44
Keweenaw 4V4
Lake 1"
La Salle 4
Miami 406
Mohawk 84
Mayflower 3
Nevada 2-
North Butte 23
Pip 8
Old Dominion 63
Osceola 25
Pond C'k 21
Quincy 85
Ray Consolidated 26
Gannon 9
S.hattuck 25
Superior Boston S
amarack 53
''fa Copper 100
IT'ph Consolidated 17
Winona 4
CURBS
'vansas & Arizona 50
Big Jim 1
i" Ledre 4
Rune & London 28
Cornelia 16
Denn 17
Dundee ... 1
Emma 2
Fort 11
Gadsden 2
Gold Reed 5
Great Monster 2
Mull ." ... 40
Ins. Needles
JeroTe Verde 1
Jerome Victor 1
Magma 40
Magma Chief
Miami Consolidated . .' 38
Pittsburg Jerome l'i
Ray Mercantile 3
Santa Rita 5
Tom Reed 1S5
United Eastern 5
United Western ... : 2
Verde Ex. ; 3S
Verde Combination
Warren '. 7
Wbl. Arizona 1
WHEAT
May 183 185
July 149 151
CORN
May 98 99
July 97 98
COTTON
March .-.-...1790 1S35-37
May 1825 1860-61
BOSTON, Jan. 6. Irregular tone to
copper shares with volume of trad
ing very small, stocks should be bet
ter next week as offerings are scarce
and moderate buying would cause sub
stantial rally.
Copper companies are assured big
profits for the next six months at
least which guarantees continuance
of present big dividends for some time
to come, strength in Superior and
Boston on expectation of striking
same ore body as at Arizona Commer
cial. OATMAN
Bid,
.ot; i
.18
.30
06
.07
.06
Arco
Adams
Arizona Rex .
Arizona Tom R :.
Big Jim 1.30
Boundary Cone
Carter Gold
Fssenden
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff
Ivanhoe '
."erome Oatrnan
Lucky Boy
Merry Widow
Outran Com.bina'ion ...
Sunnyside
Telluride
Tom Reed 1.86
United Eastern
United Northern
United Western
- OTHER CURBS
Gadsden !... 2.2
Ask
.09
.20
.25
.13
1.32
.07
.12
.12
.15
.13
5.00
.11
.03
.05
.16
.10
.17
1.87
.06
Special Bargains Tomorrow at
GILMAN'S
Dollar
Window
Sale
feet, in altered porphyry, the ore runs
frtm four per cent upwards in copper.
Such a showing i.-s remarkable irom
many angles. It Indicates that wiili
greater development work primary
ores will be encountered. If thi should
occur the Great Ray r:in he said to
own a proved mine.
F. A. Ricliiirds, an old time minim;
'man of nnjj-li experience, is in charge
of the "work n the property at the
present time and Is rushing Die ex-1
ploration. His act'.ttmts to the direc
tors and stockholders are most en
couraging in eery way. .
Walter Harvey Weed, the noted
geologist, whose treatise on the Ray
distnrt is considered fundamental, re
cently made an examination of the
Great Ray. His lirst report on. the
property of the Ray Consolidated
seemed to favor the conclusion that
the old company had all of the mineral
ized area in the region. In his report
on Great Ray, however. Weed de
clared that there were ample evidences
on the latter property to indicate
great ore bodies and he recommended
development work. I
"Good spenders innv he good fel
lows, but a bank ac'oiini need no
friends.
"Never pay for having work done
tli.it you can do yourself.
"Mak-p your vacations pile up your
dividends.
"The man who srops work is like
the old mill out of lies; li falls l
pieces."
Cured His RUPTURE
I was tadly ruptnrrd whUe lifting a 2ruxil
trvtml Tea" ago. Doctor said my only Hbe ot
lure was an operation. Trusses did me no good.
Finally I got hold of something that quickly nJ
fomplrtrly cured me. Years have passed and Hie
rupture has never returned, although I am doing
batd work as a carpenter. There was no opea
iuii. no l'Ht time, no trouble. I have nothing to
sell, but will give full information about how you
ro-iy find a complete cure without operation, if
you write to me. Kugene M. Pullen. Carpenter.
M.'V MatreUus Avmue. Man.i4t)uan, N.J. Bettrr
cutout tnis not ice and show it toanyothers who
ure ruitured you may save a liteor at k-Jxt up
ir.e misery ot rupture and the Worry ad danger
of an operation.
Butte London
Venture Hill
Ark. Arizona
Jerome Portland
Ins. Needles
Hull Copper 40
Magma Chief
Wolv. Arizona
Miami Mother Lode . . .
Verde Combination . . .
Miami Consolidated ..
Bisbee Copper
Louisiana Arizona . . .
Jerome Daisy
Warren S.00
2.12 2.25 1
.2S
150 1.75
.23
1.25 1.50
1.50 1.56 1
.50 .55
.70
.44 .56
.40 .50
.75 .87
1.50 1.62
.50
.75 1.00
.38 .40
.87 1.00
.75
.75
EAT LESS MEAT '
IFBACK HURTS
Take a glass of Salts to flush
Kidneys if bladder bothers
you Drink lots of
water.
FUNSTON INSPECTING.
EL PASO. Jan. 6. Major General
Frederick Funston arrived here to
night on a special car attached tj the
Southern Pacific train enroute to Yu
ma, Arizona, to begin an inspection of
the border troops in his district.' Gen
eral Funston was accompanied by Mrs.
Funston and their two children who
will go to the Coast for a visit to Mrs.
Funston's old home in Oakland, Cal
ifornia. General Funston announced here he
would not go to Mexico to inspect the
punitive expedition troops but w'ould
stop in El Paso several days upon his
return from Yuma. He was met by
Brigadier General George Bell, Jr., who
held a brief conference with General
Funston while his train was here.
The Fort Sam Houston hospital train
consisting of 12 hospital cars passed
through here today en route to No
gales, Arizona. The train will pick up
sick soldiers along the border and
transport them to the army and navy
general hospital at Hot Springs, Ark.
Eating meat regularly eventually
produces kidney trouble in some form
or another, says a well-known author
ity, because the uric acid in meat ex
cites the kidneys, they become over
worked; get sluggish; clog up and
cause all sorts of distress, particularly
backache and misery in the kidney
region; rheumatic twinges, severe
headaches, acid stomach, constipation,
t'orpid liver, sleeplessness, bladder and
urinary irritation.
-The moment your back hurts or kid
neys aren't acting right, or if bladder
bdthers you, get about four ounces of
Jad Salts from any good pharmacy:
take a tablespoonful in a glass of water
before breakfast for a few days and
your kidneys will then act fin. This
famous salts is made from the acid
of grapes and lemon juice, combined
with lithia, and has been used for
generations to flush clogged kidneys
and stimulate them to normal activity;
also to neutralize the acids in the
urine so it no longer irritates, thus
ending bladder disorders. ,
Jad Salts cannot injure anyone;
makes a delightful effervescent lithia
water drink which millions of men and
women take now; and them to keep
the kidneys and urinary organs clean,
thus avoiding; serious kidney disease.
(Advertisement.)
GREAT NEWS IS HAD
FROM GREAT RAY IN
TUNNELNUMBER 3
Exploration Work Has Been
I Sent Forward and Ore Av
' .eraging Better Than Four
Percent Has Been Located.
The Great Ray Copper company's
holdings, in the Ray mining district
of Pinal county, are even better than
was at first thought, is the opinion of
J. J. Hurlburt, financial agent ot the
company, who has just returned from
a trip to the coast and to Pinal coun
ty. Great Ray is one of the best look
ing properties in the Ray District and
has been largely financed In Cochise
county. Prominent Bisbee people are
among the officers and directors.
Five different tunnels are now be
ing driven on the property and in one,
tunnel number 3, which has been sent
into the hill a matter of fifty eight
Car Conductor Dies
Leaving $500,000l
(By Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO, Jan. 6. Henry Torborg
died here today leaving a fortune of
$500j00O, most of it accumulated dur
ing the last forty years while con
ductor on a street car in the Bluu
Island avenue line. He was 73 years
bid. and died while at work.
Between the ages of fourteen and
nineteen Torborg saved $500. In the
next ten years, always saving his
money, he worked on sugar planta
tions" and wharfs along the Gulf of
Mexico. Then he came t hicago and
invested his savings in real estate.
He got a job with the street car com
pany and continued to save and to
invest in outlying property.
The growth or the city to a popu
lation of 2,500.000 then Ulls the story
of the growth of bis fortune," but few
people of the millions who have hand
ed their nickels over to him dreamed
.that the methodical old man had all
this wealth. Two sons inherit the
fortune.
Torborg had a number of sayings:
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
JEROME
AND
Oatrnan
Stocks
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
OFFICES:
Bisbee
Douglas
Globe
Jerome
Preseott
Phoenix
P. O. BOX 279
Direct Wire Connection with
Jerome and All Our Offices.
R. ALLYN LEWIS
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL. BISBEE.
JOHN A. CAMPBELL. Manager.
BONDS, STOCKS, INVESTMENTS
Orders Executed for Cash or on Proper Margin
E. F. button A Co. Private
Leased Wire to All Exchangee
CORRESPONDENT
EF.Hutton&Co.
Members New York
"fetock Exchange
TELEPHONE
135
WAN
r"i"1 "
V. V eosws. - r M- rta '-5 yt
$ 1 2,000 January 15th
$12,000 February 15th
$11,000 March 15th
-JMOWUtC FlortJLTT-Of
A.yjr.c A. ray coppol co.
COPPER BUYERS can get a real opportunity for speculative profits, if they will avail themselves of the
opportunity of helping us raise $35,000 in the next 90 days.
We want to control, with the help of our clients, the Arizona Ray Copper Company. It has been the talk
of the "street" from Chicago to San Francisco, that we owned the controlling interest of this third great Copper
Company of the Ray Camp. This was not the case, nowever, the controlling shares are in the hands cr lormer
owners of this property. ,
During the past three months, we have had four engineers' reports we have seen the property equipped, and the company has actually struck commercial ore, which
takes the company out of the prospect class into what we term the preferred prospect class, which is next to a mine itself. This brings us to a point where we desire abso
lutely to hold this property with the help of our clients. , . , .
Checks of the W. L. WILSON & CO. for $4,000 and for $5,000 bound the bargain for a block of stock which, together with what we already owned, and the absolute
control of other blocks owned by clients directly connected with us; puts the control on our side. .
The company has today eufficient cash and accounts receivable to carry the development work and new equipment for another quarter. The free stock ot the Arizona
Ray Copper Company, issued under a permit of the Arizona Corporation Commission, is selling on the open market from 25c to 30c. Our price today for this free stock
is 30c. Occasionally some 25c stock comes on the market orders should read for the free stock "at the market limits, 30c."
To raise sufficient money to put control in our hands and that of our clients, we offer (subject to prior sale) any part of 200.000 shares of Arizona Kay Pool Rights
at 1 5c. The pooled rights are sold against an equal number of shares of the free stock, which are pooled in a bank at Phoenix, and are delivered upon the expiring of the
PO1 The opportunity to buy Pool Rights appeals to the investor who carefully studies a property and believes in the end the property will make a mine It doesn't appeal
to the trader or scalper, who is looking for two or three cents market profit. The investor who is willing to give the property a show is the fellow who becomes identified
with Pool Rights. , ... , . , .c ,
If you will study the unique situation of the Arizona Ray Copper Company its location if you will analize the Engineers Reports you will want to be identified
with this Pool you will send your check for a part of this I 5c offering, which is limited.
W. L. Wilson & Company
Branch Office, Room 4 Maze Bldg.
F. J. McGREAL, Mgr.
BISBEE
ARIZONA THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 7, 1917.
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under tbta iead at tbe rate of 1 cent per word for each
eBoe with a minimum chary of 26 cents. Advertisenents must reach The
Review office not later than 6 p. m. for Insertion is the next morning paper
Wanted
WANTED Old rags wanted at
view office.
Re-
WANTED First class woman for
general work, phone 378. 263
WANTED Young girl to assist with
house work, phone 398. 262
WANTED A practical nurse for
confinement case. Address box 72,
Naco. 169
WANTED Girl for general house
work, must he competent. Phone
Black 631. 131
WANTED Small house in or close
to Lowell, phone 25. 165
WANTED Sewing, general dress
making, eastern prices. Tombstone
Canyon, No. 26. 204
WANTED Fourteen men to take
up hides. Report at E. A. Tovrea &
Co.'s Lowell market at 7 o'clock Mon
day morning. Wages 40c per hour.
Advertisement. 256
WANTED Hand presser, call at onca
City Dye Works, phone 739, oppo
. site Y. W. C. A. 216
YOUNG COUPLE wants furnished
house or rooms. Address C. K.
care Review. 215
WANTED To trade 17 jewell Hamp
den open face watch for post card
size kodak or camera or shotgun,
single barrel pump. Address Box
2231. 257
WANTED Fourteen .men to take
up hides. Report at E. A. Tovrea &
Co.'s Lowell market at 7 o'clock Mon
day morning. . Wages 40c per hour.
. Advertisement. 256
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Batching room, suitable
for two. 104 Youngblood Hill. 207
FOR RENT 3 rooms for light house
keeping, 89 Upper Lowell. 214
FOR RENT 3 room unfurnished
house, 237 High Road School Hill.
"208
FOR RENT Cabin furnished for
batching, 176 Naco Road. Holbrook
stop. 251
FOR RENT Furnished room, 174
Temple ave., for one or two gentle
men. 261
. N
FOR RENT Front room with private
entrance, suitable for one or two
joentlenien. 930 Tombstone Canf
yon, near Moon avenue. 258
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms and sheltered sleeping
porch, furnished, suitable for
bachelors or couple. No children.
$22. E. A. Crocker. Phone Black
681. 201
FOR RENT A two room cement
bouse just above the end of Tomb-'
stone Canyon car line, good well j
water, large shed on side, apply
D. J. Caraway at New Lyric theater
or new house just across canyon
from water tank up Tombstone Can- j
yon. j. 212
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
U B. YvHITNEY, Lawyer, Rooms 1-6
Allen Block, Open evenings, Phone
647. (109)
Bisbee Mattress and upholstering
work, Hughes Block. We make ov
er old mattresses as good as new.
Free delivery. Phone 734. 484
REOPENING of old Mason black
smith. Horse shoeing, bugie work
and automobile spring welding a
specialty. Call and see me, I will
treat you right. J. .L.. Strayick,
Prop. 206
ANYONE wishing Gossard or Good
win corsets please call at room 9,
Castle Rock Rooming House, will
be here until 12. Inez Guernsey.
199
PETEY DINK Petey Wouldr
'v7 '-"i fi
It
A Tov "Just liKofcE.)
'':r: Oc eCRVr'lSsJUOV'C, J
T.-l A
- OW-riALL "JCX I I jr- -fn,
I Trr TY't f. m s- 1 1
FOUND
FOUND Pair of glasses in Lowell,
Owner may have same by paying
for this ad. 209
, For Sale
FOR SALE: 15 rooming and boarding
house 80 boarders. All rooms full
Answer M. J. R-, Review. 10
FOR SALE Six room residence.
Good location, easy terms, Q. C,
care Review. 263
FOR SALE Ford, a bargain, M. C.
High. Allen Block. 248
BUY THIS HOUSE Near car line,
Tombstone Canyon, four rooms.
Terms, address M. H., care Review.
213
FOR SALE Lockie House, School
Hill. Terms. Apply R. T. Lockie.
! 1011 East Boulevard, El Past). Tex.
(434)
FOR SALE A new six room concrete
and frame- house, Opera Hill No. 68,
with lot suitable for boarding house
$1700. One thousand cash, balance
$25 monthly. Milo Rafaelovich, P. O.
Box 1695. 80
FOR SALE Don Luis 5-room house
and 2 lots, 4 choice lots at a bar
gain. Apply M. C. High, Allen
.Block. Real "Estate. 56
THE MOOSE HOTEL (Old, Kinney
House) Furnished rooms $2. per
week and up, with gas; also light
housekeeping rooms. 178
FOR SALE Ford touring car at a
bargain. See Robinson, Brophy
Garage, Lowell. 543
LOST Gold enamel lily shaped pin
with pearl in center, lost on car
or near Lowell school. Return to
Review for reward. 217
FOR SALE Lots on Winwood Add.
An ideal location for families.
Terms $10.00 down and $10.00 a
month. Mrs. Winwood, Winwood
Add. 184
FOR SALE One six room house and
four lots, one block from car line.
Tombstone Canyon. Inquire E. J.
Beyer, Miners & Merchants Bank.
532
FOR SALE E. B. Mason property,
Lowell, containing over 1 acre,
known as Mason Corral. Inquire
E. B. Mason 716 Calmar Ave, Oak
land, Calit 140
URNTTURE FOR SALE The John
sen Addition Furniture Co. wants
to pay you the highest cash prices
for your secong hand furniture. Al
so wants to trade or exchange you
new furniture for your old. We will
sell you furniture cheaper than
anybody on easy payments. Call I
in at the big brick building at the I
Johnson Addition and let us show
you our large and selected stock of
house furnishings, or phone us at
our store. Phone 385, Johnson Ad
dition. Miscellaneous
For job carpenters call 11.
561
New map of Bisbee-Warren mining
district free on request. Arizona
Bisbee Copper. Company, Room S,
Maze Building, Bisbee, Arizona. 633
Learn actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A., Los Angeles. Cat
alogs fre"e. 95b
ibO.OOO to loan on improved city prop
erty or for building. On easy terms
of payment T. A. Hughes, over
Bank of Bisbee. 923
?OR SALE Highest casta prices paio
for second hand furniture, 8 to vet
clothing and tools. Uncle Jim t
Brewery Gulch. 2)
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for all
kinds of work in our line. Pat Clea
ry, manager, Box 1193. Phone 720.
't Pick On a Little Fellow.
-urn v
LOST
LOST Diamond sunburst. Return to
Mr. Emil Marks receive liberal re-
ward.
10S
Salesmen
SALESMAN Capable specialty man
for Arizona. Staple line on NEW
and EXCEPTIONAL terms. Vacancy
now. Attractive commission con
tract for 1917. $.55 weekly for ex
penses. Miles F. Bixler Co., 71
Carlin Bldg, Cleveland, O. 252
SALESMAN Experienced any line
for unexcelled NEW specialty prop
osition to general trade; SPLEN
DID commission' contract for Ari
zona. Vacancy Feb. 1. $35.00
weekly for expenses. Continental
Jewelry Co., 71 Continental B'dg.,
Cleveland, Ohio. 249
For Rent
FOR RENT Office room,
street.
1 O. K.
162
STORE FOR RENT in Hushes block.
Inquire at the New Art and Hat
Store. 202
FOR RENT 2 unfurnished rooms
with clothes closet and pantry, lipht
and water furnished, 55 Mason Hill.
17S.
Miscellaneous
ATTENTION We will pay $1,000 re
ward if our Home Butter Merger
fails to merge one pint of milk and
one pound of butter in two minutes.
Sweeter than creamery butter. Dem
onstrators and General Agents
wanted . Salary or Commission.
Write for illustrated circulars and
addresses of 1,000 users. Wonder
ful invention. FAMILY BUTTER
MERGER COMPANY. Washington,
D. C. 250
Positions Wanted
WANTED To do plain and fancy
sewing at Room 11, Hughes Block,
opposite Y. M. C. A. 132
METALLURGICAL ACCOUNTANT
and Cashier, open for engagement
after January 15. Able to organize
and systematize office work to se
cure highest efficiency at lowest
cost. Can establish office from the
ground up. Perfect time keeping
system and close segregation of
labor and material costs. Com
plete and accurate system of oper
ating reports and statements, flu
ent Spanish and experienced with
Mexican labor. Physically sou-id.
tenperate and of correct haf;its.
Bond up to $50,000 if desired Sten
ographer and able to take charge
of office 'correspondence. Faithful
and loyal to employers' interests,
educated, courteous and of pleasant
addess. Gilt-edge references from
former employers. An aH-'rounr"
office man who knows what to do
and how to do it, and of special
value to corporations operating on
a moderate scale. Further details
cheerfully furnished. If interested
address "METALLURGICAL AC
COUNTANT" care "Daily Review.
2o3
LEGAL NOTICES
Notice.
In the Superior Court of the
state of Arizona, in and for the
county of Cochise, in the mat
ter of selecting names of per
sons to serve as grand and trial
jurors.
Notice is hereby given thai
Tuesday, the Ninth day of Jan
uary, 1917, at the hour of I
o'clock P. M. of said day, e.t
the court room of the Superior
Court, at the court house in
the city of Tombstone, Cochise
county, state of Arizona, has
been appointed as the time and
place for the selecting of
names of persons to serve a
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
Klr.ii
Trv To h
COUTKOLOl'lc).
'EMPtp.
m
. )i..v.
- v ;mt
"
0- Wi-itr
RE?ORT CF THE CONDITION CF
MINERS and MERCHANTS BANK
At Bisbee, in the State of Arizona, at
RESOURCES
Loans and Discounts, less due from Directors..
Due from Directors
Overdrafts
United States Bonds
State, County and Municipal Bonus
Other Bonds, Stocks, Securities, etc
Banking House, Furniture and Fixtures
Real Estate ..
'Current Expenses and Taxes paid
Speciei
i Legal Tender and National Bank Notes....
, Exchanges for Clearing
Other Cash Items
' Due from State and National Banks,
! .Approved Reserve Agents
I Due from State and National Banks,
I not Reserve Agents
j Assets not included under above heads, viz:
Mexican Money (Gold Value)
Total
LIABILITIES
Capital Stock paid in
Surplus
Undivided Profits
Individual Deposits subject to check..
Time Deposits .-.
Demand Certificates of Deposit
Time Certificates of Deposit
, Cashier's Checks' Outstanding
uue oiaie anu .auonai iianKS
Dividends Unpaid
Reserve Tax Funds '
Reserve Int. Acct
Total $3,610,589.62
State of Arizona, County of Cochise, ss.
I, P. M. Buckwalter, Cashier of the above named bank, do solemnly
swear that the above statement is true to t.'ie best of mv knowledge and belie.
P. M. BUCKWALTER, Cashier.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day of Januarv, 1917.
(SEAL) GTS HAIGLER, Notary Public.
My Commission Expires January Sth, 1920. .
Correct Attest
L. C.-SHATTI CK
JOS M. M I'HEIM
L. J. OVERLOCK
Directors.
. - ' .
1:1
Flight LicuLY. II. Fa.-.;-. !:. . :.
Fliirht Lietitenart 11. V Fain- has
t-een awarded the I i;;ti;.iru!s!.e I
Cross for his part in the destrutmn
of a Zeppelin oil tl:e Norfolk const
recently. Lieutenant Fane is cni.v
e:-htre:i y?r.rs of r.e ami ve:it fr 1:51
'.he CharJerhousL school :rvt to the
royal flyinT corps on Jnly T2. :'.)i".
He has he.'n mr.kinR ni,;ht f;jj;htj
fo. move tlian a year.
grand and trial jurors.
Witness my hand and sea!
of the Superior Court, thio
Fourth Day of January, 1917.
J. E. James,
Clerk of the Superior Court.
Seal.
ORDINANCE NO. 211
An ordinance concerning the selling
or giving av.ay of any arient spirits,
;le, beer, wine, or intoxicating liquors
jf any kind within the city of Bisbee,
Cochise County, State of Arizona: and
' '
"1
1 1
?''
!! i
P
the clij.se of business December 27. l!il
.$1,418,760.78
None
4.704.24
20.UOO.OO'
12."..'HM."u
1M.,9!..41
J -J
1 133 SS
' ' '
32.947.65
HO.750.00
. . . 25.251.59
, O .. . i .J
,.$1,710,555.91
13.111.79
1.S42.939.67
I
58.61!
I
.$3.610,5S9.C2
.$ 50.000.00
loo.ooo.O'J i
59.S13.40
I.735.941.75
5ti7.229.70
150.00
27.649.12
11.919.77
4J,o.;s.bil
: ....
I.392.42S.94
16.67
520.27
7,810 34
'prohibiting the keeping and possess
, Ion of any such liquors in places of
public resort in said city,
j BE IT ORDAINED by the Mayot
! and Common Council of he City of
! Pi.sbpe, as follows:
! Section 1. All persons are hereby
prohioiteu from selling, exchanging,
'Landing, or di.-poii.g .ot any anient
spirits, a;e, beei, wine, or intoxicating
U'tuois of any kind, to any ptvsou
wil:iia the corporate limits of the City
bl Bisoes; and ail persons are hereby
prohibited from giving away any sum
ardent spirits, ai'e, beer, wine, or in
, toxicaiing liquors of any kind to any
''person witrin the corporate limits of
l.r.: City oi l.lsbee.
S''li:,-n - U s,laU bft. a"' t"
Keep or tut-, e, or to peinat to tie Kept
uau or osse:;fa in t.u,y noiel, board'
' nij; iiousu, t'litias house, resuuraut,
lool or cilliaiu imll, looacco store,
. bwU-ariu. parlor, store of any luiiu,
or any place ot public' r sort, or in
any ciuti, or- in any cellar, cioset
aooiu or space) connecting with any
of the aoove named places, lor any
purpose, any ardent spirits, aie, beer,
win", or intoxicating liquor 01 any
. kind. The tiuoin 01 such liquors in
; any 01 .Such places snal! be prima fa
1 1 Te evidence ot the fact that the pro
prietor or person in charge of such
place at the. time of the finding luere
1 of permitted such li.iuois to lie Kent
' !T1 tiritDliu.. .11.1 .J 11 lu.riiiin.' ... '
'pchibited f.oni having on their per-
son or in their pojsesMon, or from
drinking, any such ii;uor in any pub
lic place cesenbed herein or in any
public street, aveiitie, thorougnlare,
alley, or public pan: in the City of
Lis bee.
Section a. l.ciy person vho i;hall
violate any nroiisitm of ihis ordi-
:u.r.re ; nail he guilty of a i iis.ie;m :i;:
or Ana sail be punished by a fine of
not less than twenty-live dollars
'L'j.imi) and not more tlian thre- hun
dred dollars (?:;ii.00) or by imprison
ment in th - ci'y jail ior not les;; Jian
1 ten days cor more than three months,
or by both such line and imurison-
nu nt; and the liquors poss.sed in I
j violation o! tiiis ordinance shall be.
: by, the 1 pint ordered destroyed. t
Section 4. All ordinances or parts
ef orUI:-aiir"s in c-jnllict Herewith are;
; hereby i( peaidl. j
I Section r,. IIKKKA.S. t'ie i.nme-
ate operation of this ordinance is m-
essary for tile preservation of the
public peace, safety and health, an i
emergency is hereby declared to exist
i nd this ordinance shall be in full
- ' - - ', vv.-f7-.
I I O'.'STCV V 'SOCV- SUO-T- I v
!'-' T a 6vci "-r
ik- ". ' x '
1 ,, "
H-H !!-:--.-.;r.'V-,!"ti!
? .. . Y m "-.' ''"I a- '
V m
i ..L,OQgQ
'l "
WEEK ENDING JANUARY 6 ..
Monday Second Decree.
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Chapter Reg.
Friday Second Degree.
i "-at u id ay
N. C. BLEDSOE, W. M.
a T. WATKINS. Secy. F. & A. M.
A. M. COLWELL, E. H. T.
C F- PH'LBROOK, T. I. M.
J. E. FRY, E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secy. Chapter &.
j Comniandery.
,V. R. BANKS. Secy. Council.
LUUUE NC 67i.
Regular meeting first md third
Friday of each month. Visiting broth
ers cordially invited to attend.
CHARLES S BEAR,. Exalted Ruler
R B. COOVER Secretary.
O'SBEE LODGE NO. 10, I. O. O. F.
aneetfc ever?
T:iVt5?s7iw. Wednesday
y X evening at
VS- " "'"sv? Odd Fellows
Hall, Main street at 7:00 p. m., and
special meetings on Sunday at 1:30
p. m. Visiting brothers cordially In
-ited to attend. Hall pnone 119 '
JAMES B. SULLIVAN, N. G.
G. A. PLUNKETT. Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. r -10.
ets In L O.
o. F. Hall sec
ond and fourth
Saturday a t
7:30 p. m. Vis
t'ng Brothers
cordially In
vited to attend.
CEO. SLEE
MAN, W. M.
ROB'T FERGUS, Secy, Box 426.
Bisbee.
I. O. R. M.
Meets first and thlro
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
in Medigovich Hall All
visiting Red Men invited
o attend.
JOHN KELLY, Sachem.
W. D. COHEN, "odiclne Man.
F. C. FENDERSO. ?. of E.
I force and'effect from and"atter its
pas 5y the c
oinnion Council, ap
proval by the. Mayor, anil after post
ins and publication as required by
law, and is hereby exempted from the
operation of the referendum provis
ions of the State Constitution.
Passed and adopted by the Mayor
j an(, Vonlmon Council this 2nd dav of
j januf!rv 1917.
Approved this 2nd day of January".
1917.
I. C. E. ADAMS. Mayor.
M. L. BUTLER, City Clerk.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
Of Cochice County, State of. Arizona.
In the Jiatter of the Estate of Sarah
A. Kelly, Deceased.
NOTICE OF HEARING PETITION.
Notice is hereby given that Ct'orge
J. ilc-Cabe has tiled in this Court a
certain document purporting to be the
.ast Will and Testament of Sarah A.
ivelly together with his petition pray
ing that said document be admitted
.0 probate in this Court as the last
A'ill and Tci-tament of said Sarah A.
:velly who, sid petitioner alleges, is
leceabcd, and that letters testament
ary issue thereon to said petitioner,
ind that same will be heard 'on Sutur
lay the 2tth day of January! A. D.
:917, at 10:00 o'clock in the forenoon
if said day, at the court room of safd
-.'ourt. in the Court House, in the City
if Tombstone, County of Cochise,
State of Arizona, and all persons inter- J
sted in said estate are notiued inch
ind there to appear and show cause,
f any they have, why the prayer of
aid petitioner should not be granted.
J. E. JAMES,
Clerk,
by C. L. ALLEN". .
Deputy Clerk.
Dated December 29th, 1916.
First publication Dec. SI, 191tf.
! til-ti'i 3l!iT tAv, it.
i 1
A
I
i
l Hrv h LITTLE. -Vfc TEMVEtt-Jj-
Y. V' av- HTne Pool? itf
V. 1 h lH.'vr. Ji WAVC
WAvc
iMH
('''VMf,i';.-Ajy
A
7k 7"
IVOttCeS...
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge No. 33
KiUfciua ul .yt..
meet each Thursday
ffeTrpnt HArnnfll In 01
FUow Hall at i:V.O
p. m. visiung brou.ert
cotllally Invited
T. M. ENOCHS. C. C.
J. C. KJUGBAUM, K. or R. B
T. F. &
(FRATERNAL.
ROTHERHOOl -
Ci7 and 3rd Monday
c )l? of each month at
7 -an at rrf.i Poi
Inwa' TTnll Vlirit
!ng members cordially invited
IL L. FENNER, President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTL Treasure!
Box 722, TeL 236, Red.
CATHERINE SALHOLM. Secrour,
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
WAY f
Meets every f nday nlgni. Moojj hi,
visiting brothers, cordially invlN'
J. V. PETTEY, Dictator
KAY ROSS, Secretary
F. O. E,
Bisbee Aerie 176
SftW'iKLV F. O. E. meets first
and third Mondays
S p. m., at Medigo
rich hall. Visitors cordially welconi
J. A. LAMBERT, President
M. D. COHEN. Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES
OF SECURITY.
SUbee Council No. .2115 meeta la
Medigovich Hall every second and
Fourth Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY, PresJ
E. LINDQUIST, Fin. Box 3246, Lowell
INEZ McKINNEY, Box 3455, LowU.
WOODMEN CIRCIF
' Meets In Medigovich Hall 2nd and
Fridays of each month. 304
ELLEN FOLLEY. Guardian
PAULINE F BROWN. Clerk,
P. O. Box 621
Advertisement.
MObERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
ytfZ? 13415. Meet first Tues
f day at Odd Fellows
Hall.
GEORGE CITING,
' Cbnsul
H. F. MATHEYVSON.
Clerk.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
1'eari cuapter 1
meets in Ma:ouic Hal
econd and fourth Tuen
day of each n c& at ".:
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARD.
Worthy Matron
Phone 220 P. O. Box 841. Bisbee.
.MRS. JESSE BEVAN, Sec'y. P. O. Box
2299. Chairman Relief Com. Phone 64
PYTHiAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple No. 3. meet every 2nc
and 4tb Thursday evening of cact
month at Odd Fell ws' Hall Visiting
sisters are cordially invited 13f
OUVE BAILEY, M. E. C
HONORA MUNC H. M. of R C
WOODMEN OF THE WQRLD
'J, meet 1st and 3rd Wcd
h.Ki . nssday at 7-30 Brophy
HalL
X.V. k. E. JACOBS. C. C.
vi O. B. THOMAS, Oerk.
UNlCR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meet in Medtgcvich
hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month,
v'istting Brothers wel
come HOMER C. TREES
Councilor.
W. A. CUNNINGHAM
Recording Sec'y.
By C. A. Voight
IF VOU HAW LOW
MA&Kl
HADt - .
- IAl
Ill I I ii.''.'.'ij'l i! A;'.
hmi !J! ' !!!!! !:!
i R Bisbee Lodge No
V
t. m.
-1
)
S
ACS? THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 7, 1917.
ORPHEUM
THEATRE
QUALITY FIRST
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 10:30
Pollard Picture Plays Co. Presents
MARGARITA FISCHER IN
The Peari of Paradise
It is a Dramatic Story of the South Sea Islands. Miss
Fischer appears at her very best as a daughter of a trader
in the Tropics. A fascinating love story, picturized in
crystal-clear photography, is skillfully unfolded.
A Big Six Reel Production.-
ADMISSION
10 AND 15 CENTS
Tickets Issued on Coupons Accepted for Any
Performance.
THE HOME OF REAL REEL FEATURES
Continuous from 1 to 10
Private Douglas:
Reported Dead
The news brings grief to the heart of a Scotch lass who
has been waiting for him since the outbreak of the war.
Her child will be fatherless. After she marries again her
first husband returns.
WILLIAM FOX
presents beautiful
" VIRGINIA PEARSON
in his new drama of the Scottish Heath,
The War Bride's Secret
A STORY THAT LAYS BARE
A WOMAN'S HEART.
Tickets Issued on
CE Coupons Accepted for Any
Performance.
Central
Theatre
TODAY ONLY. TODAY ONLY
COMMENCING 3 P.M.
'I HE TRIANGLE FINE ARTS PRESENTS
WILFRED LUCAS WITH BESSIE LOVE
" " IN
"Hdl-to-Pay-Austr
A FINE ARTS PRODUCTION IN FIVE REELS AND
THE TRIANGLE KEYSTONE PRESENTS
FORD STERLING AND ALL-STAR CAST IN
"The Winning Punch"
A TWO REEL SORROW SLAMMER.
ADMISSION - - - 10 AND 15 CENTS.
Tickets Issued on
Coupons Accepted for Any
Performance.
RETURNS FROM EAST.
! fieorse .Myers, the attorney, lias re
turneil fiVrni a month's visit to friends
and relatives in the east.
MUCH IMPROVED.
The many friends of little Sylvesta
Hass. of f.! Castle Hill. Will he glad
to l-aru Ibat yu,- is rapidly irt.n'.. tr..;
liom her donlilc ;fia. l, i iirieiiThoriiu
and ro"idii nti.in.-, and is now aide to
sit up.
i RETURNS FROM COAST.
I W. ( Reed, of the Cochise Lumber
i company, has returned from Los An
! geles. where he spent the holidays
i with his family.
! Anyone wishing Gossard or Good
j win corsets please cll"at room 9 ('as
, tie Rock rooiiiins house, will he here
! until 1-. lues Guernsey. Adv. L'uO
K. OF C. DANCE
All Knight of Columbus and
friends are invited to attend the dance
I at their hall. Thursday night. January
j 11. Adv. L'l'l
UP FROM DOUGLAS.
Sam Hayhurst. former constable at
Douglas, but at present connected
with the customs service, was in the
city yesterday on a short business
trip, connected with his official posi-
! turn.
BIG DANCE
Sunday eve, January 7 at Union
Hall for b nelit of Ajo strikers, aus
pices Itisbee Miners' i'nion. 164
(Advertisement)
TAKEN TO HOSPITAL.
James Dougherty, an old resident of
the city, was taken to the Copper
Queen- hospital yesterday suffering
from an acute attack of stomach trouble.
DIED OF PNEUMONIA.
Jacob Albert, father of Mrs. r. D.
WilsVm, of Warren, dieil yesterday of
an attack of pneumonia. The remains
will be shipped to the old home at
Baltimore.'Marj'land, on Monday morn-inR.
MOORE RECOMMENDED.
Frank Moore, of Rncker, has been
recommended hv the Arizi.nu Cattle
Cnw-rs Assiu-iariou fur the appoirit
men! of the Cochise onuiily iiietnher
of the Livestock Sanitary Hoard to
Governor Campbell. Mr. Moore has
been a resident of Cochise county for
'.over thirty years and has been engaged
j in the cattle business for nearly all
that time. He is fully qualified for the
l place and lias ala)s been a staunch
Ccpuhlicari.
HERE FROM TUCSON.
Albert Montgomery, formerly deputy
sheriff in Pima county, is in the Dis
trict for a few days on a Unsitiess trip.
UP FROM NACO.
Dr. O. W. Brandon, of Naco, was in
the city yesterday 1n a short business
trip. He reports that the line city
is quite lively at the present time on
account of the soldiers being- there and
the travel to and from Cananea.
Lowell Parent-Teachers Association
meeting Monday, January S, 191", at
Ijoucll school. 4 p. in. Parents urged
to attend. Adv. 247
CHESS TOURNAMENT.
The Chess tournaments running at
the "V" for the last few months has
been completed. Cargill takes first
place in the regular with Crittenden
serond. The result was in doubt until
I the last game, both players being even.
The last and hardest game of the
tourney was won by Cargill after it
k . lus.ed several hours. In the handi
cap affair Cargill and Crittenden are
jtied for first place. The prize ftr the
greatest improvement in play was won
by J. J. Hall. The tourney proved in
teresting and well contested. More
will be held in the future.
FUNERAL TODAY.
The funeral services over the re
mains of Thomas, the live year old sAm
of Mr. and Mrs. Trevaskas, of Ijiundry
Hill, will be held from the family
residence" at 1:150 this afternoon and
interment will be had at Kvsrgreen
cemetery.
LADY MACABEES
will give a grand tall at I. O. O. F.
Hall Monday evening. January 8.
Gentlemen $1.00, ladies free. Re
freshments. Advertisement. 168
RETURNS TO WILLCOX.
Dr. D. C. Rrown. who has been as
isociated with the Copper Queen medi
cal staff for several months, returned
I l"j his home in Willcox yesterday,
j where he will resume his practice.
OVER FROM TOMBSTONE.
R. N. Wallace, of Tombstone, was
in the city on a short visit, returning
during the evening. He was accom
panied on his return to that city by
Newton Wilcott. who will spend Sun
day '.n a visit to his parents.
ATTENTION MACABEES
Mooting Monday evening at 7
o'clock sharp. Adv. '1T?,
CONTRIBUTED TO COUNTY.
Eight anto drivers fell into the
clutches of Motor Deputy S. I. rhilfjps
Friday night and were up before Judge
High on complaints charging them
with running their machines without
having the red light in the rear burn-
ing. Most of them were fined $! each
I while one or two were released, it be
i ing shown that the light was out of
'order and would not burn, having gone
'.ut after they had started and couldn't
be fixed. It is the intention of the of
ficers to see that all the provisions of
the law are now complied with and
there will b no more warnings and
no favors played.
RETURNED FROM AJO.
Captain John Crcenway has re
turned from a trip to Ajo. He reports
that nearly all of the men have re
turned to work and that there are but
a few of the agitators still there. The
work on the plant is irtiw moving along
rapidly.
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY.
WANTED Fourteen men to take
up hides. Report to E A. Tovrea &
j Co.'s Iwell market at 7 o'clock Mon-
day morning. Wages 40c per hour.
Advertisement. 2"6
'OVER FROM TOMBSTONE.
I Paul Smith, postmaster at the coun- j
ty seat, is spending a few days here
on a visit to friends. He reports that
the receipts of his office have ma
terially increased during the past year j
jand are now greater than they have
been for a number of years.
IN FROM RANCH.
John Logan was in the city yester
day from his ranch at Lewis Springs.
He reports that there has .been sev
eral heavy frosts in that sectiou dur
ing the past few days and that the
vegetables have been damaged then-by.
Monday Musical Club will meet
January 8, for general election officers
coming year. All members are re
quested to be present at 2:30 at Y.
W. C. A. Advertisement. 2j5
Mrs. Owens entertained on Thurs
day afternoon in honor of Mrs. Dur-ley.
Tailor made suits, satisfaction or
noney refunded. Millard & Bateman.
Leading Tailors, Allen Block.
Advertisement.
AUTO NUMBERS SOON.
Advices have been received from
Phoenix to the effect that the auto
number plates have at last arrived and
that they w ill be distributed during the
coming week. This will be pleasing
news to the many auto owners in the
Warren District and in the county as
they have been waiting patiently for
a number of weeks to receive them.
It behooves those who have not al
ready applied, to do sj at once, as it
is the intention of the officers to see
that the law i.t complied with and as
soon as the sheriff's office receives
word that all the numbers have been
sent out, arrests will be made of ail
who do not have the necessary num
bers on their machines. There will
be over one thousand numbers dis
tributed in Cochise county.
I VISITING FRIENDS.
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE
Irwin. Studio, Main Street. 857
Advertisement, i
I RETURNED FROM COAST. I
j W. B. Cleary returned yesterday
from Anireles where he snent the l
j holidays with his family. He will leave j weather
for Tombstone in the morning where
i he has business before the superior
' court.
RETURNS FROM WASHINGTON.
Dr. Watkins, of the Copper Queen
medical staff, has returned from an
! extended visit to the east and to
Washington. He reports having had
an enjoyable trip but that he is glad
to get back to enjoy some Arizona
j Miss Elsie Toles. county school su
. perintendent, drove over from the
'county seat yesterday afternoon in her
j new jitney. On her way over she
i st'opped to visit the Tombstone Canyon
school on the other side of the Divid".
She will return to Tombstone this
afternoon.
WAS IN TOMBSTONE.
Alexander Murray, the attorney, was
in Tombstone yesterday on legal busi-
PIGEON CLUB MEETING. "ness. He reports that the officials are
A meeting of the Lisbee Open Pigeon J getting ready for the. opening of the
Club will be held this afternoon at one
January term of the superior court on
o'clock at the City Hall for the purpose ! Monday at which time the trial of
I of electing officers for the coming sea- ! civil jury cases will be started and
1 son, which promises ttj he a very i that cases have been set for trial all
'enthusiastic one. during the present month.
! UP FROM DOUGLAS,
i Alton Overlock was in the city yes
j terday from Douglas on a short busi
jness. trip. He reports that Douglas
'was visited with a rain storm yester
1 day which sprinkled the streets in a
manner that was needed.
K. OF C. DANCE
I The Knights of Columbus will hold
a dance in their hall, Thursday night, j
January 11. Adv. 221
LEFT FOR PEARCE.
Jvmn F. Metcalf left last evening for
Pearce where he goes to again take
charge of the work on the Common
wealth Extension property.
PEACE
of mind and henlth of body can be ob
tained by visiting the dentist regular
ly. Dr. Teufert, Maze Bldg., Sanitary
Dental office. Advertisement. 363
OVER FROM TOMBSTONE.
C. S. Batchelder, one of the
minent business men of Tombstone, is
MARRIED LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses have
been issued out of the clerk's office in
Tombstone during the past week to
Bisbee couples: John R. Joyee to wed
Carmen M. Newman: Guy B. Friend
RETURNED TO LOS ANGELES.
James Farley, left this m'jrning for
his home in Los Angeles after spend
ing a month here, during which time
he disposed of his property in Tomb
stone Canyon. Mr.. Farley is one of
the old timers of Bisbee, but left here
several years ago with his family and
located in Los Angeles.
Proito wed Louisa McClelland;
Martin
King to wed Mattie Mason: George
in the city for a few days on a busi- U,arsnal, to wed Louise Bonness;
ness trip. He reports the county seatjTnomag Rauovk.h to wed Katiza Ba
as being quite lively at the present ,icn; WeUa Curtig to wed MagdaieIie
tin- j Speth and Charles Westine to wed
j Olive A. Fisher.
Morrow Chiropodist removes corns,
bunions, ingrowing nails without pain, 'been NOTIFIED.
Instant relief, office 2 doors from city j Lorai officers have been notified by
park, Brewery Gulch. Adv. 254. . tne Lo3 Angeles police to be on the
Ilook out for Dan Durac, wh'j shot and
COMMENCED ASSESSMENTS. (killed his father-in law in Los Angeles
Deputy County Assessor Walter ion last Monday. Durac is quite well
Thomas has begun the work of as-! known here, where he gave several
sessing the property in the vicinity of , exhibitions of fancy dancing with his
Don Luis for the present year. He (wife, D. Pardee, last winter. The of-
will work the Don Luis country and J ticers there do not believe the note
then to Naco and west through the that he left, stating that he intended
San Pedro valley and in the Huachu- to jump into the ocean, but are now
ca mountains. The work of assessing of the Impression that he escaped and
the property in the Warren District left for this part of the country.
will be started by Deputy Powell with-
A car every hour, Bisbee to Doug
las. Good cers and careful drivers.
American Stage Line. Phone 366.
Advertisement
PARENT TEACHERS.
yhe Parent-Teachers Association of
the Central School will hold an open
meeting at the school on Tuesday
evening at 7:3o to which everyone is
Cordially invited. A very interesting
program has been arranged for the
occasion and refreshments will he
served during the evening.
in the coming week.
$55 uncalled for tailor-made suits
with extra trousers, $37.50. Miller's
Shirt and Hat Shop, Main St.
Advertisement.
I
O. K. RESTAURANT
First class service. Regular din
ner 35c. We put up buckets for min
ers. Try our special miners lunch.
Satisfaction guaranteed. Everything
new and clean. Open all night. Give
us a trial. Advertisement.
Dr. Plavfa!r. Osteopath. 9S Mason
Hill, Mason Hill car stop.
(Advertisement)
Ride on the American Stage Line,
Bisbee to Douglas. Fhone 366.
VIEWED ECLIPSE.
j Those who were out at an early
TO DELIVER ADDRESS. jhour yesterday morning had a chance
Tomorrow, at 4:30 at the Y. M. C. A. , i'j view the eclipse of the moon. The
Alfred Corlett. the well known Copper eclipse was total. The moon entered
Queen miner, will deliver the address the dark shadow of the earth about
to the men of the District. Prior to 3: SO. It was fully immersed in the
the address a lively t-ng service will earth's shadow at five o'clock and left
be held and immediately following the the shadow at 7:40, a little after day
address, the Fellowship Bible Study light. The earth s shadow on the
Club will convene in the Lounge Room, moon was curved and it was this fact
led by Dr. H. S. Brewster. All men that first convinced the early astrono
.are invited to the Sunday meetings .mers that the earth was round instead
TO SERVE AS JURORS.
The following named have been sum
moned as trial jurors from the Warren
District to report in Tombstone on
Monday morning: Dan Hanley. Jr..
Phil Tovrea. Angius Arbuckle. George
Scofield. Dan McDonald. James Malley,
R. J. Kelly, Dennis Ryan, R. C. Laney
and Sam Musser, all of Lowell: Walter
Mangford. A. E. Ewing, C. C. Mitchell,
J. M. Stamper, Dan B. Seed, L. E.
Montgomery, James Garrett, 1 H.
Roll. Bert Wylie and P. J. Bruen. all
of Bisbee.
HOME FROM VACATION.
William Truax. one of the proprie
tors of the English Kitchen, returned
yesterday morning from a trip to Iab
Angeles, where he visited Mrs. Truax
and his daughter. Upon retnrning the
Bisbee restaurant man brought Albert
Dean, a chef, with him to preside over
his modern kitchen. Dean has, recent-
, ly. been in San Francisco, where he
I was chef in the big Heidelberg Cafe
'of that city.
Advertisement at the "V
lot flat t
A GREAT PICTURE.
"The Pearl of Paradise", with Miss
Marguerite Fischer in the leading
role, is a tale of the South Sea Islands.
It is full of wonderful scenery and a
good sfory throughout. The story is
novel in the extreme and the staging
of the piece Is more than excellent.
jThe production will appear again this
evening at the Orpheura theatre.
08,000 WOMEN
HAVE A MESSAGE FOR YOU IN
"The Traffickers"
by Samuel H. London.
Based on 1 2 years study and world wide research in
the White Slave Traffic, under direction of the United
States Department of Justice.
Ignorance of the The information re
condition is to vealed in this feature
foster and support picture has startled the
it. world.
"To miss seeing this picture is a great loss to anyone"
Mrs. William K. Vanderbilt, Sr. .
"It offers a tremendous warning to young people
especially young girls" Rev. Chas. F. Aked, D.D..LL.D.
ORPHEUM
BISBEE
JAN. 8 & 9 th
Continuous
from 1 to 10
ADMISSION '
1C and 15 Cents
ENJOY YOURSELF
AT THE
Orpheum
Royal and
Central Theatres
The following merchants issue Coupons with
each $ 1 .00 Cash Purchase.
ASK. FOR YOUR COUPONS.
KLEEN MAID BAKERY THE MODEL
TAILOR SHOP
Cakes and Pies of the Better Kind JOHNSON ADDITION
Phone 106. THOS. P. MORROW. Prop.
OWEN'S COCHISE MOTOR CO.
CLEANING WORKS Auto Supplies and Auto Repairing
First-Class Work Guaranteed Battery Recharging and Repairing
Goods Called for and Delivered Welding and Vulcanizing
Phone 47. Opposite Y.W.C.A. Racine Horse Shoe Tires.
GUARANTEE SHOE and T.LVrY AND ART
TAILORING CO. ore
"YOUR MONEY'S WORTH" Opp. Elk' Club. Main Street
'Main Street. Main Street. MRS. J. E. NORRIS
"You may leave, but you'll REYNOLD'S MUSIC and
come back" to the GIFT SHOP
IMPERIAL Best Music Always
for PIANOS OF QCAL1TY
CIGARS. TOBACCO. MAGAZINES COLUMBIA GRAFONOLAS AND
Cornette & McGlynn COLUMBIA RECORDS
Main St. Main St. Phone 31. Main Street.
THE LOWELL
GOLDEN RULE STORE BILLIARD HALL
Main Street. Lowell SOFT DRfNKS. CIGARS. CANDY
LET US SAVE YOU MONEY JOHN LOUKO
THE NYAL QUALITY STORE Largest and Most Sanitary Cafe In
LOWELL DRUG CO. TowwtT"rAFF,lle"
Eastman'. Kodak, and Film. BUSY tSLt AfT
L O W E L L Open until 1 A. M. Main St.
L. L. GILMAN McAYHORTER'S
J E W ELEK 'an I) OPTICIAN "The Fountain Beautiful"
Opposite Post OtP.ce. HOME MADE CONFECTIONS
GUS H1CKEY & CO. Kx;l"sive V.' V?r
phone 279. Moses IJest Hour.
QUALITY SERVICE PROMPT DELIVERY
TREU'S MEAT MARKET THE BRUNSWICK
BILLIARD PARLOR
Quality & Service Pocket Billiard.
BISBEE : LOWELL Cigar., Tobacco and Candy
Phone 66 Phone 164 Main St. E. B. Wallace
GET YOUR COUPONS
AMD ENJOY YOURSELF MINING
SECTION
SOCIETY
SECTION
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 19. NO. 183.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 7, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
Large Operations
Continue In This
District for 1917
i
No Let-Up Seems Apparent in the Production of the Big
Operators of the Warren District Annual Reports of
the Three Companies Should Show the Greatest Prosperity
in Their History and Also for Future.
Green Monster Directors Turn Down Option Which Has
Been Held for Some Time on Copper Chief Gadsden!
Attracts Most Favorable Notice of Any Company at1
Jerome Jerome-Portland Shaft Fast Going Down.
ROSEATE FUTURE
OLD JOHN BARLEYCORN IS (JKTTINf; BLACK EYE IN EUROPE. TOO
i
TIE COPPER
1
Joseph Clendenin, Sales Man-:
ager, American Smelting &j
Refining Company Writes'
on Interesting Subject.
No change seems manifest in the extensive operations of the big compfi'
niea in the Warren District It would appear that the same immense tonnage
is being taken from the various mines of the Warren District and going K
the smelters in Douglas for reduction. Bisbee, in the new year, is just as
prosperous as last with prospects which she never enjoyed before.
Each of the working units of all the big local companies is driving fast
for tonnage. Annual reports of Copper Queen, Calumet & Ari2ona and Shat-
tuck-Arizona, which may be expected in the next few months, will disclose
great earnings for the properties, for the past year, and the opening of even
greater ore reserves than ever before.
Some months ago a newspaper correspondent from New York City
visited the Warren District. His first idea was the utter disregard of the
people to the life of the mines of the Warren District He wondered, and ho
expressed the wonder in print how long Bisbee would last. This was be
fore he went underground. Upon going down into the "hole" he changed
his mind. Finally, upon commenting on the matter, he said that he "guesses"
Bisbee would live twenty years and then be good for as many more.
The great ore reserves which are being developed in the District every
day would seem to indicate the Impossible, that there is no end to the ore
of the Bisbee quadrangle. In' any vent the present generation should have
little worry about the future, it appears more than safe.
GREEN MONSTER TURNS DOWN OPTION ON COPPER CHIEF.
Word was received in Bisbee yesterday to the effect that the directors
f the .Green Monster had turned down the option which they have Jield for
some months on the Copper Chief.
After examining the property of the Copper Chief a prominent mining
engineer told the directors of Green Monster that the price asked, somewhere
in the neighborhood of $1,000,000, was too much. Some further negotiations
were carried on, but the action of yesterday closes that chapter in the history
of Green Monster and will force that organization to persue its own develor-
POINTS TO INCREASE
IN METAL PRODUCTION
America Now Produces Near
ly 75 Per Cent of World's
Supply-What Will Be Done
With It After the War.
(By Joseph Clendenin, In the Boston
Commercial, Manager Copper Sales
for American Smelting & Refining 1
Company.)
Forecasting the future of the cop
per market or of any other market
is somewhat of a problem; nonethe
less so at the present time because
of the chaotic conditions.
Strictly speaking, we have had a
war market for two and one-half
years which has absorbed the entire
production of this country and of the
world, and in addition thereto the
entire world's production for the first
six months of next year has been
sold, so that even though the gov
ernments should buy no more copper
the war market will have covered a
period of at least three years.
In this war period the production
has grown from 140,000,000 pounds,
the monthly rate of the output of
the United States as known In July,
1914, to 200,000,000 pounds, the
monthly rate of the output as esti-1 "Superior is the latest mining diw
mated at the present time. We . covery and scene f the greatest uiin
have, therefore, to figure on the j ing excitement in Arizona," declared
world's production of copper, looking J. Harry McMillan, just from that
BIGGEST
RECORD YEAR
FOR 1RIK
C
m
More Production, More Miners
Working and More Capital
Invested Than Ever Before
in Yavapai's Kingdom.
MANY PARTS SHARE
! IN GREAT PROSPERITY
j
' Jerome Contributes Largest
Part of the Prosperity ; Pow
er Plants, Mills and Smelt
ers on the Increase.
Solid black area marks the adoption of substantial prohibition. Countries shaded by full lines have adopted
governmental control of the sale or alcohol liquor in one fori.i or another. The countries shaded "with dotted
linos alxo have governmental control of the trulr in alcuho!, but Jealiiijj wore particulaily with tin: military
forced and governmental employees in certaiu ikpartmc.iU.
MINING MAN THINKS
SUPERIOR IS NEXT
"BIGJIOISE MINE"
J. H. Macmillan of Salt Lake
and San Francisco Interest
ed in Big Group of Claims
in Pioneer District.
L REPORT
OF
TO BE
VERSE EXTENSION TO
KET SOON MUM IN
EVERY MONTH OF YEAR
Conservative Management of!
Bisbee Company Assures !
(My William P. De Wolf)
FRESOOTT. Arizona. Jan. 6 Yava
pai County rounded out last year and
entered on the current year with
more mines operating, with more
! mills running, with more miners work
ing and with general business in a
more flourishing condition than ever
before. The year just closed was es-
j pecially notable for the amount of
: new work started and for the number
of old-time producers throughout the
county at large at which mining oper
ations were resumed.
! Several hundred thousand dollars
" . , , - 1 worth of mine and mill machinery was
r Or Several Months the Net tO; erec ted during 1916. the mining
the Company Has Been Be-' camps of the county were connected
tween Seven and Eight !with pach oth'r a"d niain
VI A A TV. A ' cr,ter ot trade at Frescott by means
Hundred 1 nousand. - of fooi road8 and tne community as
a whole placed in a position to enjoy
: to the fullest the mining and general
prosperity scheduled for
ment and to depend solely upon its own ground and its own treasury for forward to eariy next year when the I state and ebullently optimistic regard
future returns. maximum will have been attained, of ing the resources or the Magma and
GADSDEN ATTRACTS NOTICE. ' ; approximately, per annum: j interloper mines of the newly disclosed
"' Pounds 'eldorado, says the Mining, Oil and In-
During the past week certificates for stock in Gadsden Copper have .. . . s , 400 000 000 ' dustrial Record of Salt Lake City.
been sent to the various owners. . The syndicate of six men who with the Germany, Austria, Turkey
Calumet & Arizona Company own the property have been considerate in Servia
Japan
Early in 1917 the United Extension '
" . T . r at 0 1 i II r 1 a ru1u.-l nilna will ho nrnilnr. i
ureai ruiure ror me onare-; ; ' " ' " 1 business
1 it i ins i.uuu.uuu worm m
art or the Snattuck An-1 000 pounds of copper, and the net re- I , . .. . '
Company will be forth- m. from $70O.5O to $S'W.004' I 'hJUer part oMat y
latter part or January. Most or the ore thus far shipped has . i;.
Spain 110.000,000
Russia 75.000.000
Scandinavia 25,000,000
South America 15,000,000
offering to some of their friends a limited amount of the stock, at par $1.
In this manner it might be safely said that not over 10,000 shares of the
stock are now upon the market. This is placing the figure too high for the
reason that many of the people so favored will hold their stock as an invest
ment and not as a speculation. Gadsden Is now being bid $2.50 and Is worth
twice that amount.
. It is one or the 'comers' or the Jerome District.
GEORGE L. WALKER ON CALUMET & ARIZONA.
Calumet Arizona probably has a productive lire of twenty years remain
ing in Its Bisbee properties, says Geo. L. Walker, and in figuring the valu-J refined here. These figures show that
,,. , ... ., . sll foreign countries combined, in-
of Its stock no allowance will be made for the possibility that it will continue .c,udjnR tn central power9 of Europe
producing 65,000,000 pounds of copper annually from those mines ror forty Bre producing and getting on to
I McMillan is a pioneer with experi-
100,000,000 I ence in 81,1 e new mining districts
170 nnn nnn diseased in the United States within
Australia 80.000.000 tne last twenty-five years.
Africa 60.000,000
Total 3.035.000,000
j Included in the United States pro
duction shown above is such copper
as is imported into this country and
years to come. Its output averages something more than 100 pounds an
nually for each share of stock outstanding and the cost of its copper is less
than eight cents a pound.
Annual earnings of $7 a share on a 15-cent metal market, therefore, is a
conservative estimate, yet from this it would appear that the minimum value
or its stock is $75 a share. The company should end this year with a treasury
surplus of $13 and assured earnings of $10 a share for the coming six months.
Add $13 and $10 to $75 and, after subtracting the usual interest allowance,
it becomes apparent that the company's stock Is worth $95. This, however,
does not include its interest in the New Cornelia company, which will soon
begin producing copper at the rate of 30,000,000 or 40,000,000 pounds annually.
The investment which Calumet & Arizona has made In this company's stock
should add another $25 to the intrinsic value of its shares.
JEROME-PORTLAND PROGRESS.
John Rainey, rormerly employed by the Copper Queen Mining Company
or Bisbee, now superintendent of the Jerome-Portland Copper Mining Com
pany of Jerome, ha sestablished a new record for rapid shaft sinking in the
Verde district For the last half of the month of December, fifty-two reet of
shaft work was completed.
The showing in the shaft is very flattering. A blanket of galena ore was
encountered on the three hundred and twenty-five foot level. Copper sul
phides are greatly increasing as the shaft attains depth. Small bunches of
ore are encountered, carrying as high as six per cent in copper, associated
with gold and silver.
UNITED VERDE EXTENSION MAY DIAMOND DRILL.
According to reports the United Verde Extension Mining Company has
entered into a contract with J. C. Wilson & Co., diamond drill specialists, to
drill below the 1400-foot level for a depth of 1,000 feet. A rew holes will
alos be sent into Jerome Verde ground to try and locate ore. T.'ie drill crew
is preserving the utmost secrecy with regard to operations.
It would seem that the United Verde Extension ore-body was cut off by
a fault at a depth of about 163 feet below the 1400-foot level, and it Is evident
that the management will diamond drill the territory in an effort to locate
the faulted section, which is at a depth of about 1,800 feet on the incline, or
(Continued on Page Four)
He resides
in San Francisco and paid Salt Lake
a visit last week while en route to
Butte, Mont He says Superior's big
copper finds are magnitudinous and
for this reason the camp was given
the expressive name it bears.
"Superior," he explained, "is seventy
! two miles southeast or Phoenix, on a
narrow gauge railway which connects
with the Arizona Eastern. There were
but rew people there six m'onths ago.
Today there is a population of over
500, and more are going there con
continuously, attracted by the magnifi
cent Drobabllities that it is going to
tne mantel inuepenueniiy oi mis n)ake tne greatest camp in the state
country about 2n per cent of the
United States production.
Small Increase Abroad
The ore occurs in a continuous sho'jt
in porphyry-filled cross-fissures from
the 500 to the 1,500 level and probab-
Annual report of the Sbattuck An
zona Copper
coming the latte
and it is expected to review one or
the most prosperous years in the his
tory or the company.
After payments of dividends aggre
gating 47 A per cent, or $1,662,500,
: company will complete the year with
a very substantial . amount of cash
in its treasury, which with its ores
on hand and in transit, will show
, large quick assets. Company has no
; indebtedness.
Dividends paid during the year
were as follows:
January 20.
i Regular $0.50
I Extra 50
: April 20.
1 Regular 50
Extra 75
July 20.
Regular 50
Extra 75
October 20.
ore
per month. For some time past the I
j monthly reclamation has been 4.000,- J
been treated outside of this county ;
at the two Douglas smelters and at !
the Old Dominion plant at Globe. Re- ;
cently. however, shipments were dis-
continued to the last named plant.
The March of Prosperity
The real era of quickened mine de-
materialize until
ear: but when
it did materialize it spread to all por
tions of the county with a persistency
that has not been equalled since the
"rush" to the mining districts of
Southern Nevada decade ago.
i The limitations of newspaper space
A shortage of cars is hampering ore , permjt ,hp coverlng of the
shipments considerably and were it 1
not for that tact the net returns on
ore would now be $1.000.0d0
month.
The increase in production during . iv awner
the war period has for the most part "Salt Lakers and former Salt Lakers
been in this country: Japan prob- are in there largely for surpassingly,
ably has increased more than any of ! big money. Among these are Fred j
the southern countries. Africa and ; Flindt, who operated In Utah conspic
Rnssia also show some increase. The ' uously several years ago: and it is due
nthpr countries have about held their tv his sagacious, discriminating min
own. i ing ability, furthermore, that the world
Most of the production at the be- sees Superior camp's herculean cop
frinnine of the war was used for the per resources now developing rapidly,
industries probably to the extent of i "Until Superior came into the spot
90 per cent and the remaining 10 , light, because of the gigantic niagni
per cent was used for war purnoses. ' tude of its discoveries. Miami, Ulobe,
Most or the present production 8 J msoee. cnionue ana omer less-anonn
used for war pnrposos-pmhsbly to i districts had eac h respectively enjoyed
th extent of 75 per cent and the re-
foregoing matters in detail in the
I present article: but the following
per ! summary of the status or the allied
' industries of mininz and milling at
I jno iniieu erae pension mine ; h . tne current wM
within a year world-noted us the ;
i richest copper mine ever discovered !
' became regularly productive dur-'
ing 1916. and paid two quarterly'
dividends of 5ft cents per share on its i
i Issued 1.050.000 shares. In pddition, J
tfll.ll yiuill 1U1 hit- .-v l !' im vwv-
company, to cost approximately $1.
000,0o. The plant will have 10.000
i orse power capacity and will be con
nected with the lines radiating front
Heirulnr 10 n- . , ., . . me company s rosmj v n-r wurno.
' ........ ............ -u in i 1 it-iii i I'l'i" ri r 11.
! the outset of the current year
serve to demonstrate the importance!
; and extent of the work underway or
planned.
Million Dollar Power Plant
A contract has been awarded and
grading started for an auxiliary elec-
1ted tor smelter building purposes.
The ore shipped had a eeneral aver-
oee of 16 ner cent copper as against
the enoral avert"" of ner cent cop
per held hv th United Verde's ores.
txtra .4 id labeled "second grade"
! FTtonsion mine.
at the Verde ,
per cent is used for the
Trminine' 2,
Industries.
Pnr te period of the wsr the en-t)t-p
production will be renni-i1: the
"not ipterestinsr and vitallv impor
tant ouestion it. how much will it be ;
reonired after the war what pro-!
portion of It will eo into domestic I
consumption: into foreien
Hon for ordinary purnoses of trade,
I and into domestic and foreign con-1
' sumption for the extraordinary pur-
poses of rebuilding, reconstructing .
and restoration generally. ,
Much will depend on labor avail
able and financial ability of Europe.
As in labor, necessity, the mother of
Invention, has to a lirre degree filled
the bill, women and children have
token nn men's work where the men
nre fightfne. nd Unskilled lnhor has
leen drilled to do the work in the
outlying countries. (To illustrate:
, one of the larrest of the munitions
(Continued on Page Six) I
the glory jf being 'the big noise' in
that commonwealth. Previously the
world had supposed that all the cop
per and other mining wealth in the
mountains cr Arizona existed in Je
rome camp.
"And Jerome was 'the big noise' in
Arizona for years only because of mis
conceptions entertained by a lot of
Deoole. Everybody thought that form-
COnsiiniP- j Senator rinrlt hail all the Conner
in or around Jerome in his United
Verde mine, and engineers had turned
down everything else in that vicinity.
"Soon after James Douglas took hold
of the United Verde Extension he re
moved the public's illusions on this
subject United Verde Extension
shares had been floated at 50 cents
and dropped to 32 cents and weren't
much thought or even at this low valu
ation. Douglas sunk the shaft from
the 900 to the 1,400 level, and uncov
ered the largpst body of high grade
Total, per shpre $4.75
Quarterly dividend of $1 23 per
share recently declared, payable Jan
uary 20. 1917. is at the rate of $3
ner share per year, which white l-irje.
is very conservative In view or the
excellent earnines or the past year
and those assured during 1917. This
basis was established last April.
Not withstanding present heavy pro
duction continuous new developments
Hisclose much additional ore and the
ShnttttcV's known lpree ore reserves
are being maintained siihtlv In ex
res of the district's established
standard All low erade ores en
countered in development work pet
a handsome protit it prent metal
price. Metal Is being sold at these
excellent prices for delivery as far
ahead as December. 1917, assuring
continued prosperity for the company.
Production for tho first eleven
ntonths of the year was 16.742.424
po'inils conper: 3.12S.041 pounds lead:
r.fifi ounces silver and 4 471 ounces
rnld. It Is estimated that December
production or copper will be at least
1 ROft.OOO pounds, assuring a year's
rocovory of copper in excess of IS.- i
non ooo pounds.
Recently increased dally lead shin- '
trcnts tribute further to the already
-laree enrnlncs and It is expected that
an rarlv solution of process for trent-
Grotind will be broken this month
for the smeltine plant of the Un'ted
Vir'e Fxtension company. The C.
V HonHns ranch, located vnr Cot
tonwood. less than fnnr "Mlea from
the comnanv's Fdjth shaft, has been
nnrchased for that nnrnose. A. G.
VcOreeor. who built the Arizona
I Copper company's smelter at Clif
ton, the International smelter at
Miami, and the addition to the C. &
X smelter at IVnielas. will superin
tend th work.
The smelter plans sr r"adv for
the bnjlders. a lan amomt of ma
forC' hs been ordered and the nc
oaenrv surveys made The survvs
nrovido for an oro transportation line
from mine to smelter, and for con
nection with a subsidiary line of the
Pants Fe at Clarkdale and with the
i Southwestern Paciec at Mesa. Rail
road and smelter will be completed
within two years. The latter will
have an initial canacitv of 5.'V)0.000
pounds of copper per month snd will
be so constructed that additional
smelting units can be added as
needed.
NEW REDUCTION PLANT.
copper ore ever encountered in Jerome mr-nt or its extensive deposits of vana
or anywhere else. Then United Verde, diuni ore will ereatlv lncreas same.
(Continued on Page 2) 1 (Continued on Page Two)
NOG ALES. Ariz.. Jan. 6 Construc
tion of a 100-ton reduction plant for
the treatment of ores from mining
properties in Mexico has been begun
here bv Brookman and company, or
JNew Yrk.
thereby consolidating and increasing
the electric power service to the
' mines, mills and towns ot Yavapai
county. The site or the new plant is
on the Verde river about three miles
above Clarkdale.
Another Important proiect now un
derway is the I'nited Verde Exten
sion company's smelter. H will oc
cny n site on the Hopkins ranch near
ihp Verde river and will be erected
at a cost or several million dollars.
The company will build a railway for
nr transtortine purposes between
the mine and smelter and to connect
wth a branch of the Santa Fe at
f'lnrVrtale. Railway and smelter are
to b In operation within two years.
The Plant for Victor
Portv thousand do'lars worth of
boistinsr. drilling ami pumping ma
chinery has beep ordered by the Je
rome Victor Extension Conper com
pany for its shaft adjoining the pro
d'irtve area of the United Verde
mine at Jerome. The new equipment
Is en route and will be erected and
In operation wi'hin four months. The
.Terome Victor Fxtension Is one of a
Ttnmber of properties In the Verde
district where an ore discovery of Im
portance appears to be near at hand.
A like satisfactory condition at
taches to the nearby Arkansas Ari
zona property. The west crosscut on
th 1640-foot level has of late inter
sected several stringer of sulphide
ore the richest of the lot being hea
vy with copper and flecked with pear
(Continued on Page 2) TWO
THE BISBEE DAiLY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 7, 1917.
ANNUAL REPORT OF
SKATTUGK TO BE G60D
(Continued From Page One)
Ores continue to come fromthe
many stopea and drifts insuring reg
ular and uniform output.
The Shattuck management has ever
been very conservative. When cop
per metal was cheap the mine was
shut down. It was held that tho
metal was worth more money than
12 or 13 cents, and there was never
any great anxiety to crowd produc
tion at 15 cents. The policy has been
of great importance to the stock
holders, and a fine example to the
mining industry. Sliattuck was in
fine shape physically and financially
to make the most of the good times
which dawned for the copper pro
ducers about the beginning of 1915.
The shares have never been specu
lative in the market, but they con
stitute a fine investment. Shattuck
has ever been a fine exemplification
of business as applied to mining.
A lumberman friend of Thomas
Bardon, president of the Shattuck,
once reproached him for keeping the
mine down. Copper metal at the time
was about 13 cents, and the outlook
not at bright for any improvement.
Mr. Eardon fixed the lumberman with
a stern look and replied:
"You own much timber, and the
demand is light and the price low
right no. Tell me, are you anxious
to market your holdings, or even
could be persuaded to? What is the
difference between the two commodi
ties, timber and copper. Why should
we sell our copper for less than it
GET THE BENEFIT OF
leorse Graham lice
COMMISSION BROKER AND DEALER IN
SECURITIES
27 William Street
Phoned 793. 794.
YOUR ORDERS INVITED FOR
THE PURCHASE AND SALE OF
ALL GRADES OF SECURITIES
Industrial. Oil, Metal Mining, Utility
and Investment Issues bought and
sold in all markets for cash or carried
on conservative margin account.
Special facilities enjoyed for the
transaction of business in Jerome,
Bisbee and other Arizona Mining se
curities dealt in on the New York
and Boston markets
BROKER AND DEALER IN COP
PER, ZINC, LEAD, LEAD-SILVER,
SILVER AND GOLD SE
CURITIES. Daily Market Letter, $1 a month
My Industrial and Mining Age, pub
lished weekly, $5 a year, and my
analyze industrials, oils, and mine
and market conditions affecting in
dustrials, metal markets, the Arizo
na, Couer d'AIene, Utah and other
copper, lead, silver, lead-silver and
zinc stocks, along with the Gold
fields, Tonopahs, Cobalts and Porcu
pines. ,
I solicit a share of your business in
all classes of securities.
YOUR INQUIRIES AS WELL AS
YOUR ACCOUNT SOLICITED
GET THE BENEFIT OF
j is wort1;, and impoverish oi;r ivine,
; just to make d.-nder earnings?
T-3 lumberman apparently held to
the idea that is entrtaiiW by many
thoughtless people that all mines are
. inexhaustible and when earnings are
J low to pile on the production, liven
many copper producers up to 1907
held that they could not afford to
curtail because they might disrupt
' their organizations, and costs would
increase with lessened production.
' Are Your Sewers Clogged?
The bowels are the sewerage system
of the body. You can well imagine
(the result when they are stopped up
as is the case in constipation. As a
; purgative you will find Chamberlain's
Tablets excellent. They are mild and
gentle in their action. They also im
prove the digestion. (Advertisement)
This word means LIFE and strength.
I'se" it and you will know that the
name -is just right
VITOLOX purifies the blood, cor
rects disorders of the stomach, im
proves the appetite, tones up the kid
neys and a sure shot for rheumatism.
Get a bottle at any drug store, $1.00 or
6 for $5.00.
A PERSONAL SERVICE
New York
836. 4925 Broad
A PERSONAL SERVICE
Vitoiox
5H0B HAY GE
KEXr'BmNOloE" ONE
(Continued From Pane One)
Extens.Vm stock jumped to 4o and is
now selling at $42.
"Then Fred F limit directed the at
tention of the late George Uunn, of '
uunn, Tliomjison & Co., of New ork,
to the Magma group, where the camp
or Superior U now 'the big noise.' j
uunn look it over, it has been devei-1
'jped and a month ago on the 15uu-'
toot level there was opened on this
property thirty-five feet of 11 per cent
copfler for a lengtn of ninty-seven
feet. The stock jumped suddenly in
New York to 160 a snare and reacted
to $45.
".Mine values had increased from 5
per cent over a width of six leet on
ihe 5tl level and 7 per cent on a
width of fifteen feet 'on the 1,000-fooi
level.
'Magma's magnificent showing is
what started the stampede for Su
perior.
"The Interloper group of patented
claims there in which I am interested,
lies between and adjacent to the hold
ings of the Magma Copper company
and the Daggs group, which lias been
purchased by James Douglas, who
made that tremendous strike in United
Verde Extension. The Queen Copper
company, controlled by a Scotch syn
dicate, has property adjoining and on
both sides of the Interloper group.
"Drilling with churn drills and work
by shaft it now being pushed on all
the properties adjoining the Interloper
group and Arizona people are buying
the storks of tympanies in this camp
in big blocks. It is truily the veritable
big noise" in that state now."
NEW SHOES WON'T
HURTAFTER THIS
Cincinnati man tells how to
shrivel up corns so they
lift out.
Ouch :?!?!! This kind of rough
lain will be heard less here in town it
people troubled with corns will follow
the simple advice of this Cincinnati
authority, who claims that a few drops
of a drug called freezone when applied
to a tender, aching corn stops sorne
ness at nce, and soon the corn dries
up and lifts right out without pain.
He says freezone is a sticky sub
stance which dries immediately and
never inflames or even irritates the
surrounding tissue or skin. A Quarter
of an ounce, which will cost very little
at any drug store, Is said to be suffi
cient to remove every hard or soft
corn or callus from one's feet Millions
of American women will welcome this
announcement since the inauguration
of the high heels. (Advertisement)
Soon Over His Cold.
Everyone speaks well of Chamber
lain's Cough Remedy after having used
it. Mrs. George Lewis, Pittsfleld, ! and its Mahurin group in Copper Can
N. Y., has this to say regarding it: I yon. are bring explored with diamond
"Last winter my little boy, five years i drills. The two. groups are to be
old, was sick with a cold for two or equipped with $60,000 worth of mine
three weeks. I doctored him and used j machinery before May 1st.
various cough medicines but nothing J Two-Company Plant
did him much good until I began using ( Earlv this year the two-company
Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. He
then improved rapidly and in a few
days was over his ctld."
(Advertisement)
BRITISH REGULATION
OF COPPER IS SEVERE
Minister of Munitions Issues
Severe Restriction of the
Sale of Metal.
1SOSTOX, Jan. 6. Our Loudon
correspondent forwards the following
copper trade regulations recently put
into effect by the Rritish government,
says the Iloston News liureau:
The minister of munitions in excr-
eise of the powers conferred upon him j
by the defense of the realm (con- ,
solid;. lion I act 1914. the defence of
the reaim (amendment j No. 2 act j
1915. the defense of the realm (con-j
solidation) regulations 1916, the mu-j
nitions of war acts 1915 and 1916 and j
ail other powers thereunto enabling
him hereby orders. as follows:
til. No person shall as Troiii the
di'te hereof buy. sell, or. except for j
the purpose of -aiiyiiig out a contract '.
in willing existing prior Io such date,
cnior into any transition or nceo
tialion in relation to the sale or pur
chase of coppt r of any class, whether
wrought or unwrought. situated out
side the United Kingdom unless such
person is authorized by a special per
mit from the minister of munitions
to purchase or sell the same.
All applications for special permits
shall be ma do to the director of ma
terials, armament building. White
hall Place, London .'. S. W.. and
marked "copper permit" and si! per
rons to whom Mich permits are grant
ed sh.i!l ohuene and perform all the
conditions subject t'i whi' h .u b per
mits tuny he planted
f'.'i. All persons Khali, except as
l.elow mentioned, not later than the
I'Jth day of lieeeinber. 1910. send in
to the director of materials, arninment
buildings. Whitehall Plaee, London,
S. W., returns of:
(i All iiU'-Tou-jiit topper at the
date hereof held by tliem in stock or j
of . otherwise under ti'eir coatrol.
(bi. All un wrought repper due at
the daie hereof for future delivery to
them, i
(c). All contracts existing at the
date hereof for the sale to or pur- j
chase by them of unwrought copper, j
Notwithstanding the above no re-1
turn is required from (1) any nianu- j
facturer or smelter of stock in hand .
or due for future delivery for the sole !
purpose of manufacture of smelting
at his works; (2) any person whose
total stock in hand and due for fu-;
ture delivery does not exceed two f
tons.
Prefers Chamberlain's.
"In the course of a conversation with
Chamberlain Medicine Co.'s repre
sentative t'jday. we had occasion to
discuss in a general way the merits
of their different preparations.. At his
suggestion I take pleasure in express
ing my estimation of Chamberlain's
Cough Remedy. I have a family of
six children and have used this remedy
! in my home for years. I consider it
(the only cough remedy on the market.
as I have tried nearly all kinds." Earl
C. Ross, Publisher Hamilton County
Republican-News, Syracuse, Kan.
(Advertisement)
1916 BIGGEST RECORD
YEAR FOR YAVAPAI
(Continued From Page One)
enrk Conner. The east crosscut on
the same level is passing out of the
oxidized zone and appears to be en- j
tering an area where copper sul
phides will be found. It is probable
the A. & A., like the Victor, will be
developed into a producer early the
current year.
Calumet & Jerome Plant
The work of installing the new pow
er plant at the Calumet Jerome
shaft, just across Deception .Gulch to
the south of Jerome, is practically
completed. It will be established at
a total cost of approximately $40,010,
and includes a 112-horse power hoist
and a 500-horse power Deisel engine,
generator and exciter. The gallows
frame at the l,ou0-foot three-compartment
shaft is being constructed of
12x12 timbers and will be forty feet
high. Two 10,000-gallbn oil tanks
have been set up for the company
just west of the railway station at
Clarkdale. It is probable the C. & A.
will become a producer and dividend
payer the current year. Charles M.
Schwab and the Lewissohns are hea
vy owners of Calumet . & Jerome
shares.
A two-foot vein, carryin? six inches
of iron and copner sulphides showins
chalcopyrite and bornite, has been
opened in the " lower tunnel on the
property of the United Consolidated
company at Jerome. Assays recently
taken gave a return cf 16 per cent
copper, 22 ounces silver and $4 gold
to the ton. Other assays gave returns
of 17.30 and 19.19 per cent copper io
the ton. The company's United Ver
de Junior group to "the south of the
United Verde company's property.
plant of machinery ordered for the
joint use of the Venture Hill and Ver
de Apex copper companies will be in
commission. It is being established
at the two-compartment shaft that is
being sunk on the endline of the Soc
rates claim of the Venture Hill com
!'
pany and the sideline of the ISlack
orse claim of the Verde Apex com-
j countered near this shaft in the lat-
i ter part of i&i. it is not unlikely the
joint development piograni now tin
i det way w ill resuH in the discovery of
shipping ore before the close of 1917.
j The estate of the Verde Central
Mines, Inc.. is to be the scene of ex
tensive mining operations the current
year, and to that end it is to be equip
ped in a short time with from $.",5,000
Keeps Her Children
In Perfect Health
OR. CALDWELL'S SYRUP PEPSIN
THE FAMILY LAXATIVE FOR
MANY YEARS.
Mrs. Aug. Doellefeld ot Carlyle. 111.
recently wrote tv Dr. Caldwell, at Moi
ticello. 111., that she has used Dr. C;.!d
well's Syrup Pepsin in her home for
a number of years, and would not be
without it, as with it sHii has been
able to keep her four children in per
fect health.
Dr. Caldw ell's Syrup V p;in "s a
combination of simple laxative herbs
with pepsin that acts on the bowels in
an easy, natural way. and regulates
the action of this most imrVinant func
tion. Nearly all the sickness to which
children are subject is traceable to
bowel inaction, and a mild, depend
jhle laxative, such a Dr. Caldwell'
Syrup I'cpdii should have a place in
every family medicine chest. It is
pleasant to the taste and children like
it, and take it readily, while it Is
equally effective for adults.
Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is sold
in drug stores everywhere for fifty
cents a bottle. To avo'd imitations
io $10.00(1 worth of mine machinery.
The acreage 8idelir.es witn the prop
erty of tiie Verde Apex company, and
like the Verde Apex, has been favor
ably passed upon by Dr. Wi.lter Har
vey Weed and other noted geologists.
W. S. Humbert, Neil Bailey, Charles
T. Joslin, W. F. Stanton and other
mining men of prominence are iden
tified with the corporation.
A Roster of Live Ones
Other companies in the Verde dis
trict, aside from those mentioned in
my uispaienea 01 ihsi ee turorih j
the yearly mineral production of Ya
vapai county, upon whose acreage de
velopment work is now progressing,
are: Verde Copper Development com
pany, Jerome Daisy, Verde Combina
tion, Green Monster, Boston & Je
rome, Michigan-Verde. Jerome Supe
rior, Jerome Verde, Pittsburg-Jerome
Verde Monster, Dundee & Jerome,
Shea Copper. Mowles Copper. Jerome
Consolidated, Jerome Copper Mining
and others.
All of these properties are either
already equipped or w ill be equipped
with mine machinery this year. The
aggregate cost of this machinery will
run into the hundreds of thousands
of dollars. Consurrently with its in
stallation many additional miners
will be employed to the financial ben
efit of the county as a whole and of
the Verde district in particular.
Shannon Enters Field
Notable among the mining corpora
tions from outside points that acquir
ed holdings in this county last year
is the Shannon Copper company, of
Clifton. In esrly October the oom
pany mentioned took over the old
Yeager copper mine and entered at
ence upon development work. The
property is located between Prescott
and Jerome and in past years was a
producer of high grade oopper ore
largely borate. The de;il includes
mine and mill machinery having a
value of about $100,000.
The Cypress copper holdings also
?eain became operative in the clos
ing days of last year. They are lo
cated on Dig Bug creek in the vicini
ty of the Henrietta and Butternut
:v.ines. The old workings are being
:;nvatered preparatory to the resump
tion of development work in the cop
per ore bodies from which a consider
able tonnage was mfcird in f3rrr.er
years. W. F. Burns, of Boston. Mass,
formerly a successful mine operator
H Cripple Creek, is in charge of the
property.
Copper Dyke Will Ship
The Copper Dyke property will
.-tart off the current year with a car
load shipment of high grade copper
ore about January 15th. The acre
:se is located in the Big Bug district
jrd is one of a number of promising
mining propositions owned by Ed
iUock, of Prescott and associates. It
is being" worked tinder lease by On
roa mining men.
Under the financial guidance of the
Lucky Strike Mining company, the
old Stein ropper holdings near Kirk
'and, entered the list of active prop
erties the latter part of li)16. In for
mer years the group was opened to
a maximum depth of 100 feet and a
very promising body of copper-gold
ore was discovered. High grade gold
copper ores are being regularly ship
ped from the Vesuvius and McMahon
mines, adjoining the Stein.
Lone Pine Active
Another old time mine at which op
erations were recently resuroed is the
Lone Pine, located about a mile east
of Huron. The quickening of the
property was brought about through
the agency of M. N. Andrews, a prac
tical mining man who has tor many
years been identified with the mining
industry of Yavapai county
The copper mines of recognized
value, from which shipments are regu
larly made, are the Blue Bell and De
Soto, located in the vicinity of Mayer.
Each produced a large tonnage of cop-,-r
ore during 191; and may be de
nended upon to increase its output the
eurrent year. The Blue Bell and De
Soti are being worked by the Consoli
dated Arizona Smelting company, own
er of the Humboldt smelter. The Ging
hampton mine, near Mayer is also pro
ducing a considerable tonnage of cop
per ore. The product is treated ut
and iileifeetive substitute;; he sure u
get Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin. See
that a facsimile of Dr. Caldwell's signa
ture and his portrait appear on the
yellow carton in which the bottle Is
packed. A trial bottle, free of charge,
can be obtained by writing to Dr. W
B. Caldwell. 455 Washington St., Mon
ticello. Illinois.
gTa., ' ,- ... 'I
CON?
the Stoddard null.
The Copper Basin country, located
ab'jut eight miles from Prescott, was
ihe scene of extensive mining opera
tions last year. The good work yet
continues and promises to place that
section to the fore the current year as
a producer of copper ore. Aside from
the Commercial mine, owned by the
Phelps-L'Jdge interests, mention of
which was made in the dispatches ot
last week covering production, the
Loma Prieta mine is at this time the
most attractive mining proposition
there.
The property was recently equipped
with new and powerful mine machin
ery. A body of chalcopyrite ore was
opened at a depth of 70 feet early last
year. It prevails in the workings to
a depth jf 180 feet present depth of
shaft rarries as high as IS per cent
copper to the ton, and presents every
indication of permanency, li is de
cidedly probable the Loma Prieta will
oecome a regular shipper within th
next six months.
Other Ccpper Showings.
Other properties in Copper Basin
that will probably become regular pro
ducers the current year are: the Cop
per Hill, controlled by E. S. Clark and
j'jhn J. Jackson, of Prescott; the Mc-Nulty-McBride
holdings; the Lucky
Five company's holdings; the Schuber
group and the Blickenstaff group. Sev
eral shipments were made from the
Copper Hill last year. Early next
Spring a shipment of approximately
700 tons of copper ore will be made
from the McNulty-McBride holdings.
Ore is now being broken and sorted
with that object in view.
The foregoing, while by no means a
complete resume of the copper mining
activity that prevails throughout Ya.'
apai county at the outset of the cur
rent year, will at least serve to de
monstrate its scope and value.
JEWELER
and
OPTICIAN
OFFICIAL WATCH
INSPECTOR E. P. & S. W.
Main St., opp. Post Office.
ai Li
fill PJ Ml
Watkios & Bergquist
Quality Jewelers
The Best Opticians
c
The HALLMARK Store
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best or everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 50c luncheon daily. Also $1 .00 dinner from
5 :30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $35 ;
$9 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Bisbee Lumber Company, inc
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
HOME, SWEET HOME!
Do You Own Your .Own
Home?
Am offering choice building
lots with detail drawings and
plan of an inexpensive house
having three rooms, but with
the space of four. Many built
in conveniences and large
screen porch, and with all, a
bed-room undisturbed if you
chance to be on night shift.
We offer our usual L.oan
plan on this house and lot.
.W.Wallace
Main Street
Are you nervous? Do you
have Headache? Are you
wearing the right kind of
Glasses?
Dr. R. GLAZE, Neurologist,
1 0 and 1 1 Maze Building.
Phone 156.
CATARRH
OF THE
BLADDER
EsIieTsd la
'24 Hours
Vmch Ctv x
u)tMnUe(MlQY)
Seum efemtnltrfnta
RH1CKE8TER S PILtS
ff . a v Tf .tt.t tit-4.Trvi
It 1 A iMiJM fli,Lft. fc S
yean known s P-t. Safest. Alw Reiiai
SOLD BY CRLCGISIS EVFKYWHERE
Have th
CITY PARK TAILORS
make your next suit. SOOO, pt-
city park, Bisbee.
O. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Kencssey, Prop.
' Opposite Depot. Ambulance
GOOD MECHANICS
like to work with our cement,
lime and other building mater
ials. They take pride in their
work and make a better job of
it. You get a better building in
every way and at a really less
cost than when inferior ma
terials are employed. Have us
m::ke an estimate on the mater
ials for your next job.
f. Ark jsur brvtfxlH (X AV
i l-b-l.r. DttiaMdUmuAX
I
1
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE 25. THE ELSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 7, 117.
THREE
S 0 C1ETY
CARD CALENDER.
Anona Cluh, Miss Johns, Jan. 9.
Monday Musioalc. Y. W. C. A.,
Jan. 8.
M. E. Aid, Mrs. Livingston, Jan. IS.
Silver Tea, Y. Y. C. A.. Jan. 9.
Twentieth Century, Y. M. C A.,
Jan. 9.
Ladies Mt Elkdom, Jan. 17.
Round Dozen, Mrs. C. W. Allen.
Jan. 10.
Woman's Club, Jan. 19, Current
Events.
Woman's Club, Card Party, Jan. 12.
Reading Club. Woman's Club.
Jan. 13.
Needlecraft Club, Mrs. Sutton,
Jan. 12.
rit. John's Guild, Mrs. O'Malley,
Jan. 11.
Dorcas Club, Mrs. Frazier, Jan. 18.
Woman's League, Mrs. Jlodgson,
Feb. 7.
Woman's League Silver Tea, Y. W.
C. A.. Jan. 11.
Ladies of Maccabees, Card party,
Mrs. Griffith, Jan. 16.
I
Tiie Ladies of Elkdom enjoyed. Wed
nesday. at the Elks home, the fore-, association's young people enjoyed the
noon. The time was passed in sewing, j afternoon.
conversation and games. At noon aj After the program on Thursday, the
delicious luncheon, consisting of beans j Metropolitan company, consisting of
Spanish style, potato salad, sandwich-j Mr. and Mrs. Newell, Mr. Yarndly, Mr.
es, cake and coffee was served by the j Chase, and Mr. Cow'pethwaite, were
hostess.. Following the luncheon i 'entertained at the Y. W. C. A. Music
business meeting was held and at its and games were the feature of the
completion the guests enjoyed cards
and "500". ' High score was won br
Mrs. O'Donnel, who received a colonial
vase.
i
The Twentieth Century Cluh will
hold an important meeting at the Y.
M. C. A. on Jan. 9. and all members
are urged to be present At the meet
ing Mr. C. F. Philbrook will give parll
mentary drill, w-hich should be quite
interesting to the club.
Mrs. T. L. Houston entertained the
Woman's League of the Presbyterian
Church -at her h"jme Wednesday after
noon. After an important business
meeting Mr. Fry took charge of the
missionary meeting, which was quite
interesting. Cake, tea and coffee were
served from a flower docket table, with
Mesdames F. L. Williams and E. E.
Ellinwood presiding. Those assisting
the hostess were Mrs. C. H. Hunt,
Misses Katherine Hill and Cornelia
Ellinwood. The guests for the afler
noon were Mesdames Miller, of-. El
Paso, and Moore.
The Ladies of the Maccabees are
hostesses at the Odd Fellows Hall on
Monday evening, Jan. 8. when they
will hold their annual ball. Every ef
fort is being made lo make the dance
a pleasant one lor the guests, and ex
cellent music has been secured, and
refreshments will be served.
YOU CAN BE BEAUTIFUL
The Most Remarkable Little Book Ever Offered to Ladies
Price, Only Ten Cents
MY "BOOK OF BEAUTY SECRETS" from the
world's most famous beauties and beauty specialists:
Shows how to quickly remove wrinkles and crow's feet; how to have
and keep your skin beautiful and youthful; how to cure a course skin
and sallow complexion; how to stop falling hair and remove dandruff
and black-heads; how to have ruddy cheeks and rosy lips; how to have
sparkling eyes; how to grow beautiful thick eyebrows and long thick
eye lashes; how to have beautiful pearly white teeth and natural,
wavy, lustrous hair; how to develop bust, arms and shoulders; how to
increase your weight; how to make scrawny hands, smooth and plump;
; how to remove double chin; how to reduce your weight to correct
, proportions; how to correctly make eg?? shampoo, hair-lotions, cucum
ber and sirawberry lotions; sunburn and tan lotions: how to have a
beautiful voice and exquisite form; Jiow to win and hold those you
love, and many ether valuable beauty culture secrets.
This little book is easily worth $5.00. Over 50.000 sold last year at
25c. Everybody is delighted wirh it. Price now, only 10c. Send coin
or stamps. Money back if not satisfied.
Address: MLLE. LUCILE LORRAINE, Suite 419 Security Bldg.,
Dept. Ad. 1, Los Angeles, California.
NOTE: Mile. Lorraine is interested in helping ladies who are
seeking to improve their appearance and therefore offers ABSOLUTE
LY FREE with each copy of her Beauty Book, a coupon having a cash
value of 25 cents, on condition that you reply within 10 days.
Misrepresentation
Never Makes Friends
We might induce you to buy our photographs once,
but if the portraits were unsatisfactory you would
never come back.
EVERY PORTRAIT WE MAKE IS AS GOOD AS
FIRST-CLASS WORKMANSHIP, ARTISTIC TRAINING
AND LONG PRACTICE CAN PRODUCE.
JAKOB SCIIMID
I Mrs. Fred (J. Herkner entertained
I with a beautifully appointed lniieheon
on Wednesday afternoon, at her l.'.tme
i in Ilisbce in honor of Mrs. E. I Diir-,-
I The Ladies of Maccabees entertain
ed with a card party at the home of
!Mrs. John Chain on Wednesday even
ing. Twelve guests enjoyed cards and
games until a late hour when they
were served with salad, sandwiches.
cake and coffee. Mrs. Harry Sealey
1 received high score and was awarded
a cut glass powder jar. and Mrs. i
Browulee received the compilation.
The next meeting will be al the home i
jof Mrs. GrilTith on Tombstone Canyon,
on Jan. lfi.
I
! Mrs. John Chain and son leave for
California Monday morning on ac
; count of the ill health af her son. It
is hoped that he will be greatly im
proved while on the Coast.
I On Monday afternoon at the Y. W.
jC. A., there was held a matinee party
i from 3 to 5 o'cloc k. Friends of the
evening's entertainment and delicious
refreshments were served.
The Ashanti Camp Fire Girls held
the regular council and business meet
ing on Friday evening.
Misses I'rsilla Reese, Anna Wallace,
Gladys H'jdgson, Althea Saelid, Coral
Muirhead, and a number of the Bisbee
students of the Tniversity returned
last week to Tucson.
The Metropolitan Quartette, who en
tertained the music-loving public of
Bisbee on Thursday evening at the
High School auditorium, was warmly
received and their program greatly
enjoyed. The company was composed
of Fenwick A. Newell, lirst tenor;
Paul S. Chase, second tenor; Richard :
E. Yandly, first basso and cellist, and !
Alfied S. Cowperthwaite, second basso, i
The accompanist was Mrs. Fenwick A. j
Newell and greatly pleased with her '
delicate touch, and her rare ability
with tones and harmony. The lighter
songs were especially well received as
was the cellist, however Mr. Newell
and Mr. Cowperthwaite seemed easily
to be the favorites of the evening. !
- I
Mrs. Sam Houston Kyle and Mrs.
Charles Herbert Moore entertained at
a bridge luncheon Tuesday January
second at the home of the former on
Tombstone Canyon. The prevailing
color scheme was pink and white.
Bridge favors were given to Miss Mary
DIX STUDIO
BLDG. ,
PIGEONS STILL NECESSARY IN WAR:
CARRY MESSAGES WHEN WIRELESS FAILS
hi ZZfj J.
umj.ui.imi 1 1 1 1 , in ,M,.,i iwh.h Ta ag
Qo V" - - - - V a -
t. i . V .
A pigeon house on wheels in northern Macedonia.
Although the trenches and different fighting lines are connected by
telephone, telegraph and wireless, and other convenient methods are em
ployed in sending dispatches, the pioneer of the class is still at work.
Pigeons are a necessary adjunct to an army. They are never traitors and
nine times out of ten deliver their mess f?s.
Fitzpatrick and Mrs. Eugene Ruffner'
and the guest favOr to Mrs. Miller of
El Paso, who is the house guest or :
Mrs. Dr. Hunt. Guests included Mrs.
E. E. Ellinwood, Mrs. M. H. Sterling,
F. L. Williams, L. L. Gilman, N. C.
Bledsoe. E. G. Ruffner, Miss Fit2-
Patrick, Mrs. C
ler.
S. Hunt and Mrs. Mil
Miss Kathryn Hipp of Houston,
Texas is the pleasant guest of Dr.
and Mrs. C. II. Hunt. Miss Hipp has
been a visitor in Bisbee several times
and has a number of friends among
the society folk in the district.
Mrs. Evans of Grinnell, Iowa, sis
ter of Mrs. C. S. Thompson is a visi
tor in the city. Mrs. Evans will re
main here until Dr. Evans who is
at present attached to Gen. Pershing's
Column in Mexico, is released from
duty.
Mrs
S. H. Kyle entertained
with
a luncheon at her home on Tuesday.
The table was beautifully decorated
in carnations, the place cards were
hand tinted, and matched the color
of the flowers.
A delicious six course luncheon was
served with covers laid for Mesdames
E. E. Ellinwood. F. L. Williams, C.
H. Hunt, Millaer of El Paso, H. M.
Ptrrl'-". E G. Ruffner, L. L. Gilman.
and Miss Fitzpatrick. Mrs. Kyle was
asi?i.stt-d by Mrs. Moore.
The Efternoon was passed pleas
nnt'y at bridge and the first score
i iron by Miss Fitzpatrick, who re
ceived a hand painted cake plate, for
he second score, Mrs. E. G. Ruffner
-s n warded a silver deposit cheese
plate. Mrs. Miller of El Paso, house
pvest of Mrs. C. H. Hunt received a
dainty hand made apron as a guest
prize.
Mrs. J. W. Kline entertained with
a luncheon in honor of Mrs. Oleson
of California, sister of Mrs. John V.
Petty and Dr. George Craig. The
table was decorated In cut flowers
and fens and a delicious lunch was
served to six.
Mr. and Mrs. Miller of El Paso
are the guests of Dr. and Mrs. C. H.
Hunt.:
Mrs. C. S. Thompson entertained
Mrs Evans of Grinnell. Iowa, . antf
Mrs. Oleson of California with a lun
cheon at her home in Lowell. The
table was . beautifully decorated in
violets and the place cards matched
the lavender'-.color scheme. Covers
were laid for eight.
BREWERY GULCH
l lip nif)l MAID
flAlL UAKN nAlll
AND LOOK YOUNG
Don't stay gray! Nobody can
tell when you darken gray,
faded hair with Sage
Tea and Sulphur.
Grandmother kept her hair beauti
fully darkened, glossy and attractive
with a brew of Sage Tea and Sulphui.
Whenever her hair took on that dull,
faded or streaked appearance, this
simple mixture was applied with won
derful effect. By asking at any dru?
store for "Wyeth's Sage and Sulphur
Compound," you will get a large bottle
of this old-time recipe, improved by the
addition of other ingredients, all ready
to use, for about B0 cents. This
simple mixture can be depended upon
to restore natural color and beauty
l the hair.
A well-known downtown druggist
says everybody uses Wyeth's Sage
and Sulphur Compound now because
it darkens so naturally and evenly
that nobody can tell it has been ap
plied it's so easy to use, too. You
simpy dampen a comb tir soft brush
and draw it through your hair, taking
one strand at a time. By morning the
gray hair disappears; after another
application or two, it is restored to it
natural color and looks glossy, &ft
and beautiful. This preparation Is a
delightful toilet requisite. It is not
intended for the cure, mitigation or
prevention of disease.
(Advertisement)
The Woman's League of the Pres
byterian church will entertain with
a silver tea at the Y. W. C. A. on
Thursday, January 11.
Mrs. Cain was hostess to the M.
A. Aaid on Thursday afternoon. Tho.
regular business meeting in which
the organization of a Woman's Home
and Foreign Missionary Society was
effected, was followed by a social
hour. Tea and cake were served tc
twenty ladies. The next hostess wilt
be Mrs. Livingston of Tombstonf
Canyon, and the date will be Janu
ary 18.
A wedding of interest to the Bis
bee society folk was that of Miss
Mildred Ashby to Mr. F. Clarence
Churchill on New Years evening. The
ceremony was performed at the home
of the bride's parents on Higgins
Hill. The rooms were decorated with
baskets and bowls of white .narcissis
and ferns, which gave the" rooms an
attractive appearance.' The bride
was charmingly gowned in white chif
fon and taffeta, and "carried a sheaf
of valley lilies - tied with the white
tulle.: Rev. X' E." Fry of the Presby
terian' church read fhe simple, but
impressive ceremony, the double ring
service being used, and only a few
of the intimate family friends being
present. Ice cream, cake and coffee
were served to the guests, after the
ceremony.
Miss Ashby has been a popular
member of the younger society set
of Bisbee, and Mr. Churchill is the
valued employe of the Calumet and
Arizona Mining Company, and is the
city auditor. Mr. and Mrs. Churchill
will be at home to their friends in
Warren.
Mrs. A. O. Fridel entertained on
Saturday afternoon with a sewing
party in honor of Mrs. E. P. Durley
of San Diego, California, who is the
guest of her mother, Mrs. Quick. Cut
flowers and ferns were the decora
tions used, and delicious sandwiches,
salad, Mocha rolls and coffee served
to the guests.
The Literary and Educational de
partments of the Twentieth Century
Club held an interesting meeting at
the Y-. M. C. A. on January 2.
The Needlecraft Club will hold its
first meeting of the New Year at the
home of Mrs. Sutton on January 12.
The Woman's Club will entertain
their friends with a card party on1
Friday aliernoon This will start the J
series of i.arj paliies Whirh ur
planned by the club, and fur its h.-ne 1
fit, that will b-il until late sprite.;.
Each member entertains and ix hos
tess for one t. !-. ati.l she invites
her guests. refreshments will be
ierved and prizes ler hi;'h seore niv- j
en by each hostess. The idea is a I
novel one. and later on it is planned j
that n"t only the members of the elub '
night entertain tables, but also the!
friends of the club.
The Monday Mnsicale Club will
ncet at the Y. W. C. A. on January
S. All members are urgently request-
ed to be present and bring the chorus.
The Woman's Club held Iheir reg
ular business meeting on Friday after
noon. The next meeting will occur!
lanuary 19 and will he under the di-j
rection of Mrs. Ilatikin, the subject
being "Current Events." The read
ing dub which has been formed will
neet Saturday, January 1. with Mrs.
inney as chaingun.
Mrs. F. E. Bennett was hostess to
'.he St. John Guild on Thursday alter
noon. The afternoon was enjoyed and
-ake and tea served to twenty guests.
The officers and ladies of the First
rizona Infantry entertained their
friends with a dancing party at the
pavilion Saturday evening.
Mrs, Drury of Lowell was hostess
to the Dorcas Club at her home on
Thursday afternoon. The guests en
loyed sewing and pleasant conversa
tion until the late afternoon. Fruit
salad, hot biscuits, tea. coffee and
ake were served to Mesdames Rich
ardson, Mitchell. Sinclair, Frazier,
Lloyd, Sheet z. Hillman, Winters,
Butlerm, JulilT, Houston, and Hodg
son. The guests for the afternoon
were Mrs. McKee. Sr.. who is the
guest of Mr. W. E. McKee and Miss
Lottie McKee and Mrs. Pearson. The
next hostess wjll be Mrs. Frazier.
Mrs. V. Petty entertained Tuesday
with a luncheon for her sister. Mrs.
Oleson. The table was decorated in
red carnations and the place cards
matched the color scheme. A delic
ious six course lunch was served with
eovers laid for Mesdames Oleson,
Evans of Iowa, Thompson. Huffner,
Craig, Kline and the hostess, Mrs.
Petty.
e
The Ladies' Bowling Club enter
tained their friends with a dancing
larty on New Year's evening at the
Odd Fellows hall.
Mrs. George Craig entertained Mrs.
Oleson with a luncheon at her home
'n Quarry Canyon last week. Covers
were laid for six.
Mrs. E. M. Durley entertained on
Saturday with a luncheon to honor
her daughter, Mrs. E. P. Durley of
California. Flowers . decorated the j
table and a delicious luncheon was
served. Those enjoying Mrs. Dur-i
ley's hospitality were the Mesdames
Thompson, Evans, Herrick, Quick,
Beckner and Miss Elsie Toles. J
The Crown of
Womanhood
"Uncared for hair cannot be beau
tiful. There is no part of the human
makeup eo revengeful as the hair.
It cries out: Look at me, care for
me, tor I will disgrace you! Treat
me with consideration and I will be
a glory to you."
it T ''ff; JVi-.-
With the above words, Lillian
Russell, an unquestioned authority
on feminine attractiveness, places no
uncertain value on nice hair as a
beauty asset Unkempt, uncared for
hair not only cannot be attractive
but is actually a disgrace.
But why have ill-kept, untidy hair?
By devoting a few moments repular
ly to brushing- and intellieent appli
cation of NE WBKO'S HEUPICIDE,
the hair may be made to yield won
derful returns in increased personal
charm.
Dandruff is the direct cause of
more hair trouble than anything else.
The hair becomes thin, harsii, un
even and falls out in quantities. It
looks dead and lifeless; there is no
luster. The scalp itches.
HERPICIDE will remove thedr.n
druti which is causing all the trouble,
clean the scalp, give the hair life,
snap and luxuriance. The hair stops
coming out, iho itching; cea-es al
nost at once and withal there is a
most gratifying sense of cleanliness.
To the woman who wishes to
make the most of nature's gifts by
having IKttTv. beautiful hair, NEw
BRO'S HERBICIDE is a toilet
necessity. It is exquisitely ner
fumed 'and is a delightful hair
dressing;.
In 50c and $1.00 sizes. At drug
tores and toilet tjoc counters
everywhere. v Guaranteed by The
SSerpicMle C j.
Application ot the better Dd'her
Shops and tlrfir-Dressing Parlors.
Send 10 cents for sample bottle and
booklet to The Herpkide Co., Dept. S,
Detroit. Mich.
Going Through Bisbee
Shops 1 Noticed That-"
Sitede cloves nr." correct f ir spring
wt ar.
The .-priti:- ha's are nut -.broom stjle,
mostly all teed inn si7.-. and drooping
over the eyes, anil in stle not unlike
those of last summer. The are most
ly Ctfirgettes. and trimmed with the
silk and chiffon flowers and fruit. A
color something like champagne. A
pretty light green seems also lo be
favored.
Coat dresses made like the early
fall garments with the "skirt of satin,
corded about the hein. and finisher?
with corded ruffle about three inches,
and the blouse coat, which strikes the
knees, of plain Georgette, is the very
newest thing.
A wide silk .sasli tied lo.sely about
the waist is or satin ' to mutch. tlV
pkirt and finished with a deep silk
fringe about nine inches wide. Whit j
sstin and georgette were the materials'
used. The stripes were in the new
champagne color anil the spring green,
with touches of blue.
Gathered skirts and deep belts are
worn.
It is whispered that extreme syles
in velvets are going to be fashionable
for the summer wear. ,
Harpers Bazaar for January shows
a beautiful shaded ostrich hat. scarf
and muff all new for spring.
Greens, will be very popular Pr the
spring. t
1 At last the dress has obtained its
rights. The coming season will be one
pretty dresses, and the suits will be
very far in the background, except for
the very -early spring wear. The shops
are not selling or showing suits.
Black and white boots will lead for
the spring wear.
The fold of maline about the brim
that trimmed the dress hat this winter
is good in yMur spring bonnet.
A rose tulle evening gown has a
bodice and panel front or irrisdescent
net
New white evening slippers have
gold heels and bindings.
Bags that match dresses and suits
will continue in favor in the spring.
The shape of your hat depends en
tirely of the contour of your face
this year. What is your head is
blocked?
Basques are growing in favor.
A pretty tulle evening gown is of
gold tulle over a silver petticoat, and
silver basque bodice. The side drap
ery of the gold skirts held up by tulle
of the same cofor which fastens to
the other shoulder, and extending
across the back. For instance thd.
drapery is at the hip on the left side,
and a strip of tulle, about twelve
Marinello Soap
Every family wants a
Pure Soap. Marinello pro
vides one nearly natural in re
action, delicately scented, produc
ing a thick, rich lather that may be
used with safety on the baby.
Excellent for the bath, un
equalled in its effect on the skin.
Send or brine 10c for trial cake.
McDonald's Marinello Shop
Phone 3C5
The reliability and practical usefulness of
Ford cars is best proved by the great number in
daily use. Fcrd owners drive their cars all the
year around. Ford service for Ford owners is
as prompt, reliable and universal as the car.
No matter where you may go, there you will
find the Ford Agent fully equipped to give im
mediate service. 'Better buy your Ford today.
Touring Car $360, Runabout $345, Coupelet
$505. town Car $595. Sedan $645 all f.o.b.
Detroit. We solicit your order.
Hood & Bledsoe
Bisbee
Phone 67.
inches wide, is attached to the drap
ery, and Roes across the back. It
fastens in a butterfly bow at the
right shoulder. Be sure lo have
enough slackness in the tulle so that
it will not be in the way of the dan
ctr. Ribbon is used extensively for net
dancing frocks.
It is said that slig'uily diaped even
in? frocks will be worn .this spring.
Brass buttons are very much in
vogue.
Soft braids are showh in early
rpritig sports hats.
lay little hutfjniers or corsages
of ribbon are pretty to nestle on your
Mi'ff or the fur cilur.
White flannel skirts with vivid
Norses are smart for sports' wear.
Paisley is used more than ever.
A pretty necklace Is of green.
Chinese jade. The beads are alter
imtely strung with filigree gold and
silver beads.
From France comes the word that
tailored clothes will be very soldier
like in design.
Black SPtin hats are the most fav
ored millinery.
Plaits are shown on the new spring
eprments. '
The most popular lace at present is
the imitation of the bid Fillet laces
in design involving figures, scenes,
and flower. It was used first for
trimming in the net curtains, then
on the bedroom linen, and lastly has
appeared on the new lingerie. Its
popularity is steadily is increasing
because of its durability as well as
its beauty.
TO BE WORN IX ?
BALMY WEATHER
Ha.- -
An extremely attractive swastika
design in complimentary colors ap- ;
pears on this skirt of "khaki kool" i
material. The skirt which is & beauty '
and the sport waist make a most
pleasing- combination for wear in re
sorts of the south with balmy .
peratures. . .
Douglas
Phone 171.
v i if zzr
.1 j i 1;!
' mm X
mm FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 7, 1917.
LARGE OPERAT.ONS CONTJNUE ,917
(Continued From Page One)
close to 1,000 feet vertically. j
If it be true that the orebody has been faulted, of which there seems to j
be very little doubt now, there is no question that the management will sue-,
ceed in finding the extension at depth,
not in any way detract from the value
There is n odoubt that the amount of ore actually blocked out by develop
ments to date warrants even higher prices than present quotations for the
stock. Predictions of $75 and even $100 a share are freely made.
COFPER METAL.
The large producers are holding their quotations at 1 or 2 cents over the
prices quoted in the open market, and the indications are that when the
market settles down again and buyrs
higher prices will rule. Meanwhile, their policy is to maintain a firm atti
tude, which is the logical thing for them to do undar the circumstances.
The prospect of peace does not appear as favorable as it did a week ago,
but even if the war should terminate, there is bound to be a big demand for
copper during the period of reconstruction which will ensue.
On the other hand, should the war continue, the demand for copper is
bound to continue. Therefore, under any and all circumstances, the copper
interests are bound to enjoy high prices for the metai for a long time to come.
America, being the copper-producing center of the world, the American cop
per mines will continue to prosper.
If anything, the present bugaboo of peace has placed the copper metal
market in' a stronger technical position, as it has been relieved by Uie dis
posal of some of the outside holdings, which were being offered to the trade1,
last week at steadily lower prices. This by no means has accounted for all '
the outside copper which was on the market, but the most eager sellers have j
been able to dispose of several million pounds, and the situation has been 1
I
improved to that extent.
The price concessions pi a few small iiolders, while affecting the market!
for the time being, do net alter conditions with respect to the future. Pro-!
ducers being well sold up and possessing vast sums in the fortu of surplus
earnings, are in a position to furnish the strongest kind of resistence to any 1
depression that might come with the end of the war. Prices are high, but!
the copper market is in a position to hold its ow pending world readjust
ment if peace comes from the present
of resellers cannot affect the big producers, because the amount of copper
that second-hands have is small.
The conservative attitude of the leading copper-producing' companies in
distributing only -a portion of their earnings has placed them in such a posi
tion that, even if the war were to end abruptly, they could continue dividends
for at least two years at the rate which prevails at the present time. Mean
while, the refinancing of the belligerents will iiave taken place and they w ill
be in the market for vast supplies of
of a high earning rate is assured.
POLES ARE ANXIOUS
AROUT FORMATION OF
THEIR NEW KINGDOM
People of That
n. ...
Are
Awaiting Necessary Procla
s r. . r, ,. .
mauon r irsi rreummary
Is Council of State.
(By Review Leased Wire)
BERLIN, Jan. 4. (Via London, Jan. Bethmann-Hollweg, who, from the be
6. Delayed) Polish leaders interest-' ginning, has been opposed to the idea,
ed in the formation of the new Polish ; to sharp criticism of the witxlom of
kingdom, according to advices from ' proclaiming the kingdom at this time.
Warsaw, are looking forward anxious-1 .
ly for the time for the proclamation I New securities issued in December
of the kingdom. Pending this event I according to New York American, to-
the idea of a separate state is taking ;
root slowly among the Poles, but it is ' low record month. Railroad bonds,
believed that once the tangible con-, notes and stocks amounted tV $66,
cept of a crowned monarch is placed i 856,000, and industrial securities
before them by the ceremonials state ' amounted to $228,544,000. Total se
incident to the entry of the king intj j curities issued represent increase of
Warsaw and to his crowning, the peo- j 120 per cent over December, 191D.
pie will realize more vividly their na-
tional existence under a new form. j "TT . Z IT Z.
n-u . . i- i , ,, . Deafness Cannot Be Cured
Thr first preliminary to the mstitu-
me , . r by local applications, as they cannot reach
tion Of the new order is the formation ; th(. dl.ai,.d portion of the car. in. r.- is
of the project council of state, as it' ?nlT one a; deafness, and that is
. . . : by constitutional n-medies. Dearu-. IS
IS impracllcaDle to anead With ttie i
election of a regent or king or with the
adoption of a constitution until the
organization representing ' the Polish
people is in existance officially to ex
press its wishes regarding the person
of the regent or king Pj approve the
constitution.
Various difficulties incident to the
organization of the council have been
or are being overcome and thean-1
nouueement of the formation of the I
One Arizona Mining Company
is now using Five (5)
WESTERN MINING HOISTS !
I
At their properties. Certainly there is a reason for their
selection of the "Western", for their standardization on
this class of equipment. Perhaps you would like to
know their reason to find out from them direct.
It will be a pleasure to give you iheir name so that you
can take the matter up with them direct.
Ask for Catalogue and Data Sheets.
ScWtzer Machine Company
Mining Machinery,
135 So. Sixth Ave.
so that the fact that it is faulted does
of the property.
show radintss to contract for futures,;
interchage of notes.
The liquidation
the red metal, so that the continuance;
council is expected within a few days.
The council probably will be presided
over by M. Lempic ki, a forn:er mem
ber of the Duma, and other members
probably will be Prince Kadzlwill, I - The prison is outside the city li.nits
Prince Czartoryski, and Count Ron-! and the prison fire comrany of sev
iker. i enty five was at first assisUil by
i Pending the settlement of tho upw j m.,,lV ol- llle 0llltr tunvi,;i.,, u..tii li.e
loroer no progress has been made in j errivnl of firemen from the city. The
ii,.u.t.ft a. 1 on.il arm). !
The delays and difficulties in the
lurinaiion oi me new Kinguom nave
m of the new kingdom have
cast
a decided damper on the enthusi
asm for the project in Germany ana
! has encouraged the conservatives and
j the element opposed to Chancellor von
taled $295,400,000, only $25,000,000 be-i
caused by an Intlamrd condition of the mu
cnus lining of the Eustachian Tube. When
this tube is inflamed you have a rumblinff
sound or imperfect htarinir, and when it is
entirely closed. Deafness is the result, and
nnless the inflammation can be taken out
and this tube restored to its normal condi
tion, hearing will be destroyed forever; nine
cases ovt of ten arts cauaed by Catarrh,
which is nothing but an Inflamed condition
of the mucous surfaces.
We will clve One Hundred Dollar for any
case of Deafness tcsuaed b7 catarrh) that
cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure,
i Send for circulars, free.
i F. J. CHKNEY CO.. Toledo. Ohio,
i Fold by DruKcists. T.'.c.
Take Hall's r'anuly rills for to, .utinution
1
1 U'jbun. Arizona.
WOULD NEUTRALIZE
CONSTANTINOPLE AT
THE END OF THE WAR
; jj. Publication Advocates
.the Internationalization of
the Bosporus and Also the
Dardanelles.
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. Jan. 6. The Nation, in
discussing after-the-war problems,
the Halkan settlement and the fate
0f Turkey, advocates the internation-
alization of Constantinople and the
straits, and contends that it would be
of no service to Russia to prolong
the war, sacrifice thousands of the
lives and incur a mountain of debt
merely to bring about absolute an
nexation. "Internationalization would secure
j t0 Russian and
I States," it adds,
other Clack Sea
"navigation of the
straits, while the .exclusion of fleets
of the other powers from the Ulack
Sea might also . be conceded. The
straits must be disarmed and their
shores effectively neutralized.
"T-ta i -1 1 1 . 1 . i ii rr'i i i r.nwni, c-1 , 1 , , 1 , 1 Vifi
. , . , ,
under an international commission
and if the United Stales, which alone
of the great pow ers, has a record of
P"11' disinterested benevolence in
Turkey, adds some part to it, it would
te R rea, RVtaran.ee for its safety and
smooth working,
Pf NTIARY AT
JOLIET ON FIOE
Buildings Used for Manufac
ture of Chairs Burned
to the Ground.
(ly Retiew Leased Wire)
JOLIKT, 111., Jan. 6. A peculiar
fire in tlu; state prison inclosure here
tonight destroyed two buildings used '
in the manufacture of chairs. Sev
enteen hundred convicts, locked in
their cells behaved with exemplary
discipline, according to Warden
Zeiminer. although for a time it was
a question whether the flames would
be checked as the only water supply
was from' a big well in the prison
ynd.
sl ons were of flimsv v.-nnclen
con
struction and the efforts of the fire
men were confined to prevent spread
j of the flames.. The great danger lay
in fear that the supply of water would
become exhausted, the- supply held
out, however, and ultimately was aug
mented by a long connection made
with a city water main.
ORIGINAL Bl S BEE-TOM BSTON E
STAGE LINE.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
daily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co. Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. 939
(Advertisement)
WOULDN'T LOWER
STARS AND STRIFES
r?
4 p.
'mSM
'. i. '.-v - -i ' ' y
mi m
Captain Duffy photographed on his
recent arrival in New York.
Capt John L. Duffy of the ill-fated
steamer "Chemunjr," which was sunk
hy a German torpedo in the Mediter
ranean, has just returned toAthis
cor jtry. .The captain of the German
su .marine rentjr-sii Duffy to lower
th stqr nH stripes hofcre the vps
Hl was destrryeri," but this ilutfy re
ii:f'. io un.W any f instarn-as
aJAiiUte-ieii
7
WOMEN CARRY CHIEF
INTEREST IN MOVIES
SAYS FOX ACTRESS
Virginia Pearson. Star of "The
R,:J'- c.x,' Wk:,k'ia it. lou seem to aevote it coin
Plays at Royal Today Is In
teresting Woman.
Virginia Pearson's latest plan is to
found a national screen club for wo
men. The famous William Fox actress,
to be seen today and Sunday at the
Royal theatre in "The War Bride's
Secret," says that women form the
most important end of the moving
picture business, yet they have no or
ganization among themselves which
can look after their interests.
"If you take a glance through the
pages of any moving picture maga
zine," says Miss Pearson, "y)u will
see that four of every five articles are
devoted to women, or affairs of inter-
w
C o m p 1 e I c I y
Equipped
et. ij iuieu omy. it jou look uuoUeU rule from some important nioving-pic-u,i
poruaus tnai i"jrui tne p.ctur'tj ture center Los Angeles or Ft. Lee.
g,..Kie ai uie trom ol a treat, many There would be a manager for the
iiciiujii ais, you win unu niai auout society, who would not be an actress,
iK-iu.i oi mem uie women, but would devote all her time to the
i uo itccuiiy lUnviiis tu t uioviiig allairs of the club.
' i
newspaper,
" i e uoucea our coiuiuu,' i tola
him, -una i never see pictures ot men
pletely to women. It that a conscious
policy?'
Public Wants Women
SUrc.
lie ioiu me mat u was. ne saiu ,y tQ ,wld ,neir heany 8upport.
that the newspaper reading public did
.. ,i ,- , , The husband of one well-known star,
not care for the pictures of men. They , . . ...
. . , , i i ... himself not an actor, wrote to Miss
demanded women, and women had tJ , . .
be used almost exclusively as picture J?1 ln an8wer to her ,,lf,u,ry to
material." i his wife:
That set Miss Pearson to thinking. "I n't let my wife join this unless
She reasoned that if her own sex j she agrees not to strike for a larger
played so important a part in the in- salary than I'm getting. I have a hard
dustry, there should be some common time now convincing her that I'm sup
bond of relationship between the wo- j posed to support her, and not she me."
men employed by various companies. 1 Mi . Pearson js fanning to hav
Miss Pearson immediately set to
work on the project. Her idea was to
organize a numoer oi local cnapiers.
over which a government board should
chose
e
ysLaxureil
We KNOW that the Maxwell Motor Company is the kind of a
concern which will manufacture a product exactly as it claims, and
will stand back of its product both morally and financially.
Our investigation of the Maxwell Company before signing an
agency contract showed that:
It represents an investment of $38,000,000.
There are four mammoth factories employing 12,000 men.
There are 57 acres of floor space.
There is an actual production for the season of 1917 of 125,
000 cars.
The Maxwell Company is one of the three largest manufacturers
of automobiles.
We are satisfied that the Maxwell is a remarkably high quality
car and an unequalled value. The facts that we have just stated
regarding the Maxwell Company insure that the Maxwell Car will give
you complete satisfaction.
Stewart
LOWELL,
A
The Men May Object
After the plan was more or less
definitely formulated in Miss Pearson's
imagination, she wrote to several
lrM- also-well-known nation picture j
stars, and asked their opinion on toe
project ney a., agreea xnai me .uea
was excellent, and decided unanimous-
! the letter photosraphed, for use as
propaganda in her crusade
for tiie
feminine gcreen cib
I
to sell the
ecause
Grant
ARIZONA.
f.
D
CHALCOPYRITE ORE
FOUND 1NTHE A. & A.
Several Chunks of This Ore
Have Been Found in One of
Mine's Crosscuts.
Several sizable chunks of chalcopy-
ritt? really high-grade copper ore
i we uken from the east drift frora
,he mo.foot ,e, of the ArkaB
& Arizona at Prome a few daya ago.
This is the first chalcopyrite found
in that part of the workings. It is
quite possible that they were merely
the outposts, so to speak, of a big ore
body.
Work is proceeding steadily in the
east and west crosscuts from the 1640,
also in one from the 1200. A station
has been blasted out for a sidetrack
on the 1640 but the track has not
been installed down to 1100 feet. It
will be ten days or two weeks, how-
e' er, before all the new line is in
stalled. o .
t r
b.
i t FIVE
JAGKLING INTERESTS
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 7, 1917.
E
it
L
HARQLtA HALA REGION
SALOME. Ariz., Jan. 6. Col. Dauiel
C Jackling and Seeley W. Mudd, of
the Ray Consolidated, Chino, Utah
and other companies controlled by the
powerful Guggenheim syndicate, have
purchased the famous old Harqua
Hala Bonanza mine for a sum said
to be in excess of $1,000,000.
This news is regarded as the most
important which ever "broke" in the
Salome section, with the possible ex
ception of the discovery of the Glory'
Hole back in 1909.
It was the acquirement of an in
terest in the United iiastern mine by
Mudd and Jackling that really start
ed the Oatman boom. That deal drew
the attention of the world to Oat
man, for Seeley W. Mudd and D. C.
Jackling are numbered among the
keenest, shrewdest mining men of the
United States. Salome and the near
by districts of Harqua Hala and Tank
pass are now looking forward to a
rush which may rival that of Oatman.
There are scores of properties around
the Harqua Hala and in the Tank
pass region which have excellent
showings that can be developed at
small expense.
This is not a country of deep mines.
The Harqua Hala, for instance, has
produced over $5,000,000 worth of
gold, all above the 400-foot level. Had j
it not been in the hands of a closed
syndicate which avoided publicity, it
would be one of the famous gold mines
of the country-
Jackling and Mudd closed their deal i
with H. William Stephens, who held
the Harqua Hala under option from
John Martin, superintendent of the
property, and his brother. Dr. Ancil
Martin, of Phoenix. The Martins re
ceive $630,000, Stephens the re
mainder. ,
It is believed locally that when the
full truth is disclosed about the show
ing opened at the Harqua Hala in re
cent months, a country-wide sensa
tion equal to that which followed the
United Western strike will be created.
Much of the Harqua Hala's gold
production was from what is known
as the Castle Garden stope, which is
little more than a pit dug into the
. lace of the hilL Miners who worked
in that stope carried out nuggets
. worth as much as $100 in their arm
pits. The gold which was stolen is not
included in the official production rec
ords. The ground was hardly broken and
" the ore seemed to pinch out. It took
j.John Martin to prove that the Harqua
' Hala values went down. He opened
rich gold ore, some of it carrying as
much as six per cent copper sulphide,
on the 300-and-400-foot levels of the
main shaft, a short distance west of
the Castle Garden stope. From the
. 400-foot level he ran a drift back un
der that stope. He found the ore.
Moreover, he blocked out a consider
able tonnage. How rich that ore is
no one knows except Martin, a few of
his miners, and the new owners of
the Harqua Hala.
When Jackling and Mudd had their
attention drawn to the Harqua Hala
they sent two men to take samples
from the faces of the various drifts
and crosscuts. Those men took their
samples and went away.
In a few days two more men came,
and as much as told Martin that he
had salted the mine for the benefit
of the first samplers. Martin merely
smiled and told them to take their
own samples.
These men dug into the fares, filled
a dozen sacks or so with samples,
and went away.
Next came two more expert sam
plers, and they had six miners with
them. They set the miners to dig
ging far into the faces and walls.
where there was no possible chance
lor salting. Their samples convinrcd
Mudd and Jackling that they had an
opportunity to buy one oMhe richest
gold mines in the world, and a few
days ago the deal was closed in Los
Angeles.
Just what Muilil and Juckliii will
do first when they take charge is not
known, but it is presumed that they
will erect a big modern slump mill
and flotation plant, the latter for ihe
sulphides. Until recently uu of the
40 stamps of the old mill were treat
ing 25 tons of ore a day. hut owing
to the lack of modern methods only
70 per cent of the values were saved.
Nevertheless, the production has been
paying all expenses of operation and
development.
The Harqua Hala was discovered in
1888 and after a considerable tonnage
of rich ore had been taken out near
the surface the. property was sold
to an English syndicate for $5.0on.oon.
It is said that the Kntlisli company
took out about fri.niMt.mio, all above
the L'OO foot lee. !eic in:; that (lie
ore was worked out, or so badly
faulted that it would he a wat-tr of
time amj money to adept to locate it.
the Tugliliiiieii qnil. onie time later
the Harqua Hala was sold at shcrilTs
fsale. The Martin brothers bought it i
in for $5,000.
Martin had ideas of his own about
the Harqua Hala ore body. He pro
ceeded to sink the fbaft to grater
d"ib and crosscut to the north
thiougb what was supposed to be the
GREAT VERD
EL
ca w mmmvoth earn v j m Jm k. aaav wm w, v-nv '-'" ym
CAPITAL STOCK $750,000 PAR VALUE OF SHARES 25 CENTS
JEROME,
' A
ARIZONA
jtrii w???. tzy "B?
.sSEVENTf-I IN A STRAIGHT LINE-.2Ja MILES LONG.
ARKANSAS AND ARiZOKA
n
v.- i
UNITED
VERDE
3SHAI COPPER
N2 $3
COMPANY P7
i
3
i x Mr
''r
A
COPPER
COMPANY
I U-V-Ex i
if i T I j&P S R iy
y i COPPER CO
At trf - - , , : gj SHAf TSI.E. -1fi' y- U
H1L . . - EjL. MP Ill m r a m a a
Grout Verde Extension Copper Co. owns Seven Claims as shown above and Two Tunnel Site Claims close to railroad and surrounded by United Verde Extension
One of the strongest arguments to a mining man is that a property
is "ON TI IE LINE" of producing min-s.
Walter Harvey WeeJ, ihe great authority, men'Jcns tk?3 in re
porting on the AilliGUiJ GRCU? (also owned by those com
prising this Syndicate), on which he recommends a shaft tie sunk.
R- V. LcGrand, Geologist and Mining Engineer, finds the same
geological conditions on GliEAT VERDE EXTENSION, sTong
Iy recommends development, and also calls attention to being
"ON THE LINE."
It was testified in Court that the United Verde Extension acqu-fed
its eastern holdings, wLich adjoin lh?s property, because of the
assumed trend of the ore bodies in this direction.
LOOK AT THE MAP. The line is straight from the Jerome
Victor through the open pit and caved ground of the Unked
Verde, the two shafts of the United Verde Extension, the Jerome-Verde,
and the Djndee-Arizona, to the GREAT VEEDE
EXTENSION.
A large map (we will send you one free) shows the Calumet &
Arizona, Gov. Cdd'c and associates, Schwab and Lewissohn, and
like interests close by.
We have had the best Engineering advice, the ore trend is un
deniably believed to be in our direction, the Dundee-Arizona has
shipping ore now, our neighborhood is exceedingly popular with
the bitest copper interests, and our property is a cheap one to
develop.
We have the Jereme-Ctarkdalc road, no road to btrld, and a
reasonable certainly of a railroad through our laid to the
Gadsden's (C & A.) projected 1,000-foot shaft.
Our determination is to make a producing mine and big dividend
payer with ail possible dispatch.
When men of very large means provide the money for such devel
opmest, NO CHANCE IS GIVEN lO OTHERS TO GET IN AT
CHEAP FRICES.
?-en of moderate means must share their opportunities. ,
That is why these shares are being sold for FIFTEEN CENTS.
Treasury stock will not be offered at less than THIRTY CENTS.
200,000 shares (only $30,000 at 15c) will be sold at this price.
We will use this money to raise $200,000 (through the sale of
Treasury stock) to be devoted to making a min.
With the furds to prcperiy ?-rsr.!; thh fine property to the atten
tion of the sr?at baying public, we have nol the Slightest doubt
of our ability io secure the amount.
The shares now offered cr; ownzd by this Sydica;?, ar?d have
been set aside solely for this purpose. The p'sn hr.5 the approval
and corr.rnenclation of the Arizona CorporaL.cn Commission,
has this advertisement.
AH of the shares owned by this Syndicate, including these
200.CC0, have been deposited w!th Mr. Roht. K. Porier, Cashier
of the BANK OF JEROME, to be held in trust by him unti'
ordered released by the Arizona Corporation Commission.
Buyers of the shards now offered will be on the cam- foot?-? as
ourselves. A Certificate Receipt is iscj?d for the rumjvr of
shares bought. The Trustee ceitifiei that said shares are in his
possession, and that he will give Ihem in exchange for the Receipt
when the Trust is released.
The Company owns its property outright, free and clear of any
debt. This Syndicate paid cash in full when it bought it, and has
accepted stock in full payment for it from the Company.
United Verde Extension, it is said, with all its early pioneering
difficulties, did nol ri.:se over $230,C00 for development work.
Today its shares h?.ve a ca;h market value of some $60,000,000,
while its capital stock is only $750,000.
This is not ancient history. The advance in value took place
v.ithin the last fwo ;'e:r'.. It wi.I be repeated. Even 15c copper
mear.s huge prcf.H - rr Jerome mines, and that is years off.
These rVsrcs bo .-hi row for FIFTEEN CENTS may easily be
seliLn- for FIFTEEN D0LLV.J3 cr FiFTY DOLLARS two years
from nw.
Copper is the world's greatest actual necessity in metals today
Net for "war," but f ?r ";v ,-.ce." Germany, Austria, Great Srilait
and France irsc r.-.orc cnpcr than we do in "peace" times. Ger
many has but two c , r mlnps worthy of mention; Austria has
a few little oes; Great Britain and France have none.
It fart, there are srercoiy rrtcre than fifty big copper mines in
the w1:?'!.; v orM. The cr.y p'ace new ones are being ad Jed is in
Ar'zra. 1 k-. o?c "zee where experts are looking for sensational
stni. :; is JtlCME.
Trr r-n vAo w!!t teli in ihe years tc come about getting GREAT
VEKDF. EXTENSION at FIFTEEN CENTS is the man who buys
riht new nol rcxt month, nor next week but today.
Make your remittances payable to the BANK OF JEROME We reserve the
riht to reject any and all subscriptions. Telegraphic orders and payments
may be made at our expense.
(Permanent Board cf Directors and Officers will be completed and announced
within a lew days.)
Great Verde Extension
Syndicate
S. H. WARD, Secretary ...
'Main "Offices :-v,:V&?v-JEROME,
- - ARIZONA
JEROME MAP FP.SE
MAKE ALL CHECKS TO THE BANK OF JEROME
rill in your name and address and
mail us this coupon if ycu would
like a handy man of the Jercmc
District. It is abjclufrly Free r.o
obllza'ion attached.
Street
Town and State
BANK OF JEROME. IC17
Jerome, Ariz-.
Gentleman: HrrewitK finJ $ for SKnre
of cepiul tock of GREAT VtRDt EXTfv'SlON COPPER CO owned hy the Greet
VHe Extemion Synli-ate. nJ de-sileJ in trut wi:S RoM. K. Porter. mean!i-.i
tndnf me a Tru? Kecrifit. liuh wl! be ewSinjed tot th Mre when l)M
trutt is le'm;nal-e.
100 yh-- r- $ lO0
v ,0 " ; 17 r.n
; r-i - :r r.
I.T-.l " t '
! i.-r-o - " ;.i
IC.oeo " " !' ti)
USE THIS FORM - TELEGRAPH IF AT A DISTANCE
ninnei ii "m.i it iii i I' i tot i r . i-i. ii mi. i tun i.xii. . r mi t-i -r - ..i . .. , , . . i L- y filulii -nr?fi 'i ' THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUWDaY MORNING, JANUARY 7, 1917.
SIX
AUSTRIA ON BRINK OF
WITH GERMANY AND
P - r-'i-VH'A
Left to right, top: Count Tisza and Baron Burian. Ik-low: Count fcrchto'c
and Count von Czerniru
Rui.iors are rife in London that Anstria-Hunjrary contemplates break-'
:r. away from Germany and asking for a separate peace if the prase?;t
j .".ice efforts of the (Jt-rmans fail. Coint Tisza, Hunparian statesman, mi
Uiron Burian, the foreipn secretary who recently resigned, arc opposed la
suvh a move. Count Lierchtold, former premier, and Cojnt von Czernir.,
tl.a new foreifrn minister, are said to be thoroughly fiifhtencd at th
pn-pect of a lonjr drawn ouL war and wish peace as sooii as it can Lo
Ltamed with hniior.
ROSEATE FUTURE FOR
THE COPPER MARKET
(Continued From Page One)
factories in Canada is now being op
erated by native Indians).
The returning: soldiers will be ready
p.nd eager to work and make up for
lost time, so tat there would seen
to be no likelihood of labor scarcity.
Capital Will Be Available
As to the financial end of the busi
r.pFs. money is usually to bf h"d at
a price for any snfe pnd sound enter
prise, ard therefore it tmry be rs
strmed ttat at les r'ot'etion
of before the w?r wi'l b mwnVd
pfter te W3r for innstn!"' Tnmoss
rTq tVe hrwo -nn"irrt"'''i" t. rPS-
o?tinn Sho"H t" wpr tor,'Ti'te
bv or before ,Tn1v 1.' vrt t1"
Vots of bl? v-'ll , ho p"I-n
ff torir iiTipnl'l.
, Tbp alMd rnpnipnto a
countrv to t't ,'?e f tvv vvp
roTitT''tPd -for e pntiro onnut of
rstmlir hroi'Rh !11 of nn rwr
The foreien eovernents. therefore,
have in their eomntete control a very
lnrsre part of the world's nro'irtion
of Conner throuch all of ppx ypar,
and if the war should continue it is
onlr a ouestion of time whn thpy
will want to make snr of tbeir sun-,
ply for, the second hflf of next yepr:
frani Miis country, and tbHh the sup
ply rvaflable for thppi is sure to be
cnnsirtorablv less than they will need,
provided, of course, they are expect
ing to need as muh in the second
half 'of next year as they.' have ar
ronced for in th first half.
The governments having corralled
th!s copper are not likely to let any
of it po out of their possession so
that it -can be used in any other than
the ally countrips.
Contracts Irrevocable
Pbould an armistice bp arraneed it
undoubtedly will be the policy of the
R-ovemments to continue right on in
makins munitions pntil the peace
treaty biortine on H the belligerents I
has bppn sipned, and it is the opinion
of those well informed that thereaf- ,
ter there will continue to po into
mnnitions larse Quantities of copper,
in that contract bave been made
tbat are irrevocable for all kinds of
munitions dpliverable ' through the
first half of next year, and the gov
ernments will unquestionably want to
operate some "of "the Plants in their
home countries in their own control
to provide a stock of ammnnition be
forp indefinitPly closing tliem down:
it is thought that this condition will
Arizona Junk Co.
We buy all kinds of Junk.
Phone 690.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
RUIN, MAY BREAK
ASK SEPARATE PEACE
4 4
prevail even though complete dis
armament should be decided on.
The present indications favor a
"..iference of the belligerents, but
just when this conference is to be
arranged, no one can say and it is
sure to be the case that several
months will elapse between the time
that the negotiations begin and a
peace treaty binding on all of the
bpUieerpnts is signed, because of all
of the endless details and matters of
j f -tvnnse importance that must be
considered and decided on looking to
"iinnntfeir!g an era of peace through
out Kurope for genprations to come,
'f this peace trepty is to be con-
fA within the next few months
t q v enrp ting tat tbere will be
-- more purchasps of Conner by the
nttioq in snv such Quantities as here
fr.r. CaTving tliis tboutrht a step
fnrfhpr if tbe pracp treatv is signed
bpforp the first of July tbe allied
non'plq nrp s'lr of thpir SUPply
of pn"ir. hut thpo will be none
ofitinhip for thp cpptral powers.
tf on te otnpr hand, the peace
i rot signed bv tbi- first of
T"'v. it is onlv a Question of time
whop, thp allies must and will again
ntpr tip market for copper and
brass with which to supply their re
onirpmepts thereafter.
Six Months' Supply Cleaned Uo.
The snnply of conppr for the first
bn'f of the year has boon cleaned
im to such an ertppt that onlv the
current production from July 1
forward will be available; this supply
will be altogether insufficient to take
ere' of the demand for war and at
tbe same time provide enough for the
stcaci'v growing domestic use.
If an armistice is decidpd on there
will likely be a considerable letup in
eeneral business, but deliveries to the
governmen,ts ''ill go right on as the
contracts for copper are not subject
to cancellation.
It can thprefore be state! with cer
tainty that the market could not be
in safer or rounder position than it
is, from the point of view tit supply
pd demand, for the next fix months,
and that is a much longer period
ahpad than in former times it has
been possible to forecast.
It must be remembered that when
the war ends all the mills and fac
tories using copper and brass in peac
times throughout all of Europe will
be equipped exclusively with war ma
chinery and the operatives will be
those skilled chieflv in making war
material, and it follows that a very
long time will be required in read I
lusting this whole business from a war
to a peace basis.
The mills in this country having con
tinued to take carp of the domestic
business of this country will then have
the opportunity of going for and get
ting the trade of Europe and all for
eign countries representative of their
ordinary domestic requirements until
the equipment of the European mills
Is restorpd and the men are found to
operate them. The American mills are
sure of a vast tonnage, but on a small-
pf "-.or" ir of r-rr.fi thnti TlnW nrO"M-
ed thev are willing ro take on the busl-
nps: !f tbpv do. the mining companies
will find a much larger demanded for
their output. ,
In takine up this new business at
that time thpre will be available over j
hpre the minps; the mills: the men J
and. for that matter, the money. It I
therefore Is a question to what extent
the American manufacturers will be
willing to seek out this business. I
Good Demand After War.
For the period of the war and un-1
til the peace treaty Is signed there .
will be urged demand for all the cop-i
per that can be produced, and for many ,
months thereafter the demand will 1
continue, perhaps not so insfstentlv as
now and at a lower level of price: but 1
if there should be any very great drop ,
in the price the mining companies, j
having learned their lesson in the j
early months of the war and having
demonstrated that production can be '
reduced without increase in cost, will
n'j doubt resort to the same expedient
os was then found to work so advant
ageously and bring their output to a
level with the demand. !
There can be no doubt that business .
in large volume, requiring large ton-'
na?es of .-opper, has been held un in j
this country because of the scarcity '
of copper and other things entering ;
intj construction which could not be '
had without regard to price, and also '
quite some business has been held up
because of the high level of price-"
This business is sure to come along in !
time and in large volume because of j
it having been deferred and because :
of the large amount of money that
will be available for investment wlien
more normal conditions are restored.
The Central Powers.
It will have been noted that only
100,000,000 pounds per annum of new
production has been available to the
A
i
value one
n
1
Addre? C
central powers from mines in tlio.se
countries. A comparison of that Insig
nificant tonnage with the tonnage
available for the allies and contracted
for by them opens up the very natural
question os to how the central powers
have managed to get along, and there
is but one answer, namely, that they
must have cleaned up every pound of
copper in every shape which was to
be had and wherever it was to e ob
tained without regard to consequences.
This all has a bearing on the quan
tity of copper that will be required
after the war by the central powers
for the purpose of replacement In every
line of industry, notably the telegraph
and telephone companies: the railway
compnnles: the electric light and pow
er companies, and for all of the end
less purposes copper in times or peace
can be and must be used.
In production of the 100,000,000
pounds of copper within the territory
of the central powers it will no doubt
be found that mines have been operat
ed without regard to cost Or future
operation, and that they cannot and
will not continue to produce any such
tonnage. Some of them undoubtedly
will have to stop and the production
from all of them will be largely re
duced. The situation at the end of the war
will therefore be, so far as the central
powers are concerned, that they will
have, comparatively speakingno sup
ply of their Own production available
and they must enter the market as
-a-
OPERATING UNDER THE DIRECT
SUPERVISION OF
. 'Mr. W. A. Thatcher
FOR SIXTEEN YEARS MANAGER AND CHIEF FIELD MAN FOR A SYNDICATE OF ST 4 NTH RD
OIL MEN OWNING AND OPERATING MINES IN UTAH, IDAHO MONTANA COLORADO CALI
FORNIA, OREGON, BRITISH COLUMBIA, MEXICO, SOUTH AND CENTRAL WFJ?ICA. WX)
AFTER SPENDING THE BETTER PART OF A YEAR EXAMINING VARIOUS UNDEVF 0F7ZD
PROPERTIES THROUGHOUT ARIIONA, SELECTED THE GRAND PACIFIC ANE OF SUFI
CT'rTT PROMISE AND MAGNITUDE TO JUSTIFY THE INVESTMENT OF HIc CAPITAL " AND
WARRAN T HIS PERSONAL ATTENTION. ,.
Mr. Wm. .F.
v?s called upon to make an examination which further confirmed Mr. Thatcher's judgment. Exacts from
J'tx. Gordon's report read as follows. "In other words, the great ore bodies will be found along the faults and
cp .es, in the lime stone: immediately about the quartzitft. The Grand Pacific Copper Compare lies in these
cr-: te?rin3 sedimentaries and shows the typical faults and dykes which are producing so many valuable
ir'nes. The ore has reached unusually high in the limestone and there is being mined now quite a quantity
of hi? rade ore from a zone which is usually barren. This speaks highly for the properties' futurity.
"THE ORE IS GETTING HEAVIER AND RICHER A.S DEPTH IS REACHED. AS THIS CONDI
TION IS TYPICAL OF ALL SIMILAR MINES, THIS COULD EASILY BE ANTICIPATED. THE
ORE W'T.L INCREASE IN VOLUME AND QUALITY UNTIL THE MAIN DEPOSITION IS FOUND
IN THE LIMESTONE IMMEDIATELY ABOVE THE QUARTZITE" and in CONCLUSION 3TA3
"I HEARTILY RECOMMEND THIS PROPERTY AND EXPECT IT TO MAKE A MINE OF
MAGNITUDE.
Since thft above report was made work has been progressing as rapidly as possible, ore is being shi ;ed
reerularly and conditions at the present stage of operation are exactly in accordance with Mr. Gordon's re
port. ,
During this interval the property has advanced from a mere prospect to a producing nine. The present
holdings represent thirty-five claims which, without question, is considered the most valuable property in
the Superior district, with the exception of course of the Magma.
The capita1 ck of the Grand Pacific Copper Company is one million five hundred thousand shares, par
dollar. Its officers and directors are
Nelson P. Douglas, President.
W. H. Alkire, Secretary-Treasurer.
W. A. Moody, Director '
J. F. Alkire, Director. .
, W. A. Thatcher, Vice-President and General Manager.
GRAND
"A Producing Mine In a Proven District
ard Pacific Copper Cc, P. 0. Bok No.
urgent purchasers for Kliipment as
rapidly as steamer room can be bad j
It must be remembered that the cen
tral powers having to depend on this
country for most of their copper will
have to wait to get the room for it on '
steamers failing from this side, get it
to their home ports: get it from the
steamers into their factories in the in
terior, stock up their factories prior
to starting them going, and this all
means that a vast tonnage of the metal j
must be purchased in this country and j
started on - its way to Europe and 1
storked up in all of the plants over
.here before the requirement at that
end can begin to be taken care of.
In the year 1913 there was shipped
to Germany and Austria more than
500,000.000 pounds of copper, and if to
that quantity, required in peace times,
there is added the quantity needed in
restoring the steady stream of the
metal going from this 9ide with an
allowance of several weeks to get it
into the plants: restocking those plants ,
to permit of their operating, and then :
supplying the requirement for the pur-!
pose of rebuilding, reconstruction and
restoration, it will be found that the j
tonnage the central powers must buy I
is far and away greater than even ,
those thoroughly conversant with con- j
ditions can form an idea of. j
For the time being, whilst peace Is j
under discussion, there will probably j
be some anxiety on the part of buyers
to resell their nearby copper in the
hope to replace it later on at a lower
3
1115 Phoeni. Arizona; or call at No 6
level, and there may be others among
the sellers willing to go short of the
metal, and this may create conditions,
which will brinr about a somewhat
lower level of price.
Most of the metal having been sold,
there H but little available fi.r any
such operation that would be far-reaching
in its consequences. Certainly
there can be no demoralization in the
market.
Buyers Make the High Prices ..
The producers are different because
of having sold their maximum pro
duct; they would have no cause to be
concerned by a readjustment of prices
as they have not been parties to nor
have they favored the advance in the
market to the present level. That con
dition has been brought about by the
buyers, who have, in following their
own inclination and acting on their
own Judgment, failed in providing for
their requirements when, as was well
ki;iwn to them, the foreign govern
ments were negotiating their pur
clxhes. i r ,ir' il j- o -3 Iwe tor.f ?jt
sf'Lt'ity Jj il.u qiark-l more than aiy
thing else.
Looking for the Future.
Looking to the future and to condi
tions existing after the war is over, it
may be proper to call attention to the
fact that the foreign governments in
connection with representatives of all
of the trades, through committees or
ganized for the purpose, have been
studying ways and means of protecting
themselves in the purchase of sup
Gordon
ii. iii!1 lj
ZONA
VVtst Adams Street.
plies, most of which must come from
this country.
These committees in the various
countries, and particularly in central
Europe, have formulated all of their
plans and are ready to deal with the
business on a strictly businesslike
basis.
May the question not be asked, what
has dpph done on this side or what
can be done looking to meeting this
condition and thereby safeguarding the
interests of this country? Steps should
certainly b taken with the full know
ledge of the government looking to
safeguarding the interests of those on
this side who must negotiate the best
business to be had in Europe after the
war is over.
The Europeans are ready for us;
but no one can say we are ready for
them in dealing with this proposition
in a business like way. t'ntil th
Americans are organized and author
ized by law to meet the Europeans in
a fair and square competition for this
great business of the future, and for
which the Europeans have already
made all of thdir arrangements in the
way or organization, the Americans
will be at a distinct disadvantage.
(Mr. Joseph Clendenin. manager of
the copper sales department of the
American Smelting & Refining Com
pany, now sells approximately 900,
000,000 pounds of copper annually, a
much larger amount than is sold by
any other agency or individual in the
world. Editor's Note.)
"A
4
f
r .
JH
1 '
t.
Si
51
Si SEVEN
AUTHOR. OF "THE OCCASIONAL OFFENDER.
THE WIRE TAPPERS." "GUN RUNNERS." ETC
NOVELIZED FROM THE PATHE PHOTO PLAY OF THE SAME NAME
- - -WffCin. MIX. Y AUTHOR TIWCI .,
TWENTIETH EPISODE
The Laughing Mask's Triumph,
Margery Golden suddenly threw
aside the magazine which she had been
listlessly thumbing, and springing to
her feet, crossed rapidly to the window
of her cool, white bedroom. As she
stood gazing out with unseeing eyes
a little frown of vexation puckered
her forehead. From the open windows
of the spacious living-room on the
first floor came the subdued murmur
of voices. But to Margery's straining
ears not a word of that low-toned con
ference was audible. Occasionally she
heard the rumble of Captain Bracken's
voice, more strident and authoritative
than the others. .
The resentful officer of the law hnd
conceived the idea than on more than
one occasion Margery had aided and
abetted the Laughing Mask in slip
ping through his fingers, and it was
for that reason she was now excluded
from the deliberations where the cap
ture of the elusive masquerader was
under discussion. In anticipation of
this very state of affairs Margery hnd
devised the Ingenious method for
lecrniiig the plans of the detectives.
Having ascertained that the con
ference was in full swing, she quickly
went to a small wicker table and,
taking off the telephone receiver, held
it pressed tightly to her ear. Her
w;re was a house extension connected
with the trunk line which ran into
the living-room, where her father and
the officers were now gathered. In
that- room the telephone standard,
resting on a heavy mahogany table,
had been skillfully tampered with.
Presently the booming voice of 'the
police captain came to the ears of the
listening girl.
"When I go after a man I don't
quit till I get him," she heard him -iinnounee
in self-laudatory tones. "I
landed that one-armed crook, Jules
Legar. iu a ceil all right, an I tell
you, Mr. Golden, if It hadn't beeu for
your daughter interferin' I'd had the
bracelets on tiie Laughing Mask long
ago."
At that moment Margery heard the
door shut behind a new arrival, and
again it was Captain Brackett's voice
which reached her as he impatiently
quest ioned the detective who had just
entered.
"What are you doin here, Walters?
Didn't you get the orders I sent you
by Jenkins to take Legar out of that
chicken-coop they call a jail out here,
an" keep yourself handcuffed to him
every minute until he was safe In
the Tombs?"
"I got. your orders, chief," came a
hesitating voice, presumably that of
the" sleutb called Wallers, "but Tve
fot some bad news for you. Legar's
broke jail. He croaked Jenkins and
made a clean getaway."
Then Margery heard the hurried
tones of the detective as he launched
into an account of the strange escape
of Jules Legar.
"I don't see where I'm to blame,
chief,"- he began in a somewhat ag-.
grieved voice. "I seen Jenkins aroun
noon. He was goin' into the jail with
a tray from the restaurant. He stops
W H. 'it
tftXc'-i
-VSv
ii Mtte. mm itii
He Knew His Doom Wat Sealed.
and gives me your orders and says I
might as well wait outside until Iegar
had his feed. That seemed rea ion
able, an' I hung aroun' for 'bout half
an hour. Then when .f -nkins didn't
come out, I commenced to get kind
o' uneasy like u' I steps inside to see
That was goin' on.
"L.vin' face down in tin- corridor I
found Jenkins, just outside of I.eg-ir
cell. The cell was empty, with the
door standin' open and Jenkins' key
la the lock. We combed every Inch
of that Jail, but Legar had disappear.-!,
without b-aviu a trace lu-'iind M:n.
I could tell 1 the looks ,f Jeutius
that he was dead, hut when I turned
him over I got an awful shock. His
face was all twisted tip with suffcriu'
and full of deep lines and wrinkles.
Th"n I seen his hair was all streaked
with gray. When he spoke to me he
was a healthy young feller, but when
T found him he was like some old man
about 70, what had died of some awful
disease. That's about all au' I don't
ace how " i
But Margery did not wait to hear
the concluding remarks of the detee .
tive, for at this point she abruptly j
hung up the receiver. Here was news j
of a startling character which must .
be imparted to the masked guardian
of her safety without loss of time. (
Without stopping to even catch up a
Hat, she slipiied out of her room and :
down the stairway. As she tiptoed j
softly past the living-room, the door
(suddenly opened and Captain Brack- :
ett and Walters stood on the thresh
old. The stcrn-faeed officer watched
the slender girl ns she went out of the
front door and closed it behind her.
Then be turned to his crestfallen sub
ordinate. "Never mind doin what I was tell
in' you. Walters," he tersely command
ed. "I want you to shadow that young
woman. Don't lose sight of her for
a minute."
So it happened that when Margery
Golden paused by the mysterious lone j
bowlder on Seven Oaks Hill a hawk'
faced detective was bidden not ten
paces distant behind one of the great
trees from which the ridge took its
name. He saw the girl glance fur
tively nliout her, and then from her
pursed lips came a low. thrilling call
like that of a -bird. After a brief In
terval she repented this signal, and
presently a yellow-masked man came
stealthily around the side of the:
great bowlder. The hidden listener
caught enough of what Margery Gol
den was saying to become aware that !
she was recounting, almost word for
word, his own story of the escape of
Jules Legar.
T have a theory of my own as to
what was used to kill Jenkins in
that fearful manner," the Laughing
Mask was saying, "and I am going
to find out tonight whether I am right
or wrong. Legar's followers have all
been wiped out with the exception of
a man calling himself Skidmon. He
was known as a brilliant scientist un
til he contracted the drug habit, and
then, when he was down and out, he
fell in with Legar. He lives in a
tumble-down old house at the foot of
the blind alley south of Washington
square.
At that moment the detective,
burning with zeal to make up for the
escaie of Jules Legar by the sudden
capture of the Laughing Mask, sud
denly emerged from behind the oak
tree and rapidly advanced uin the
startled pair. As the Laughing Mask
diirtil around the bowlder toward the
secret door leading into the subterra
nean retreat. Margery planted herself
directly in the path of the oncoming
Walters.
"You've about gone the limit this
time, young woman." he snnrled as
he seized her slender wrist in his
powerful grasp, "an' well see what
the chief thinks of your helpin' that
criminal make a getaway." '
A little later the burly Walters
haled his frail prisoner into the living
room, where her father and the do
tectives were still gathered. Captain
Brai-ki-tt, fuming with anger, tried
his utmost- to wring from her the
secret of the bowlder, but his rapidly
volleyed questions failed to break her
sphinxlike silence. Finally her loving
but sorely tried father lueked her In
her bedroom to prevent her further
Interference. Hastily going to her Im
promptu dictaphone, Margery heard
the voice of Walters repeating what
the Laughing Mask had said about
Skldmon. the last of Legar's hench
men. When he had finished, the blnt
aut tones of Captain Brai-kett came
over the thread of copper.
"Our best move will be to watch
the house of this Skidmon," he an
nounced decisively, "an when our man
comes alona, we'll nab him. If we're'
playln' in luck we might get Lej,'ar la
the same dragnet." I
As Margery replaced the receiver
she realized the Laughing Mask v?.
throatcni'd with grave danger. In
some way she must warn him. But
there seemed no possibility of escap
ing from the bedroom. Then a sudden
scheme flashed Into her mind, which
she hastened to put Into execution.
To mislead her father she tied the
tted shii-l to the window sMl, and when
that gentleman discovered the sup
posed eseac, he ran to the shrubbery
beneath tin? window. Then Margery
s()l
'ut of the closet and silently
went her way iu her car.
As Margery paused In front of n
dismal old r'-!:ery she s'ldi'e-nly r
Coivd in the moonlight a shadowy
form iiMiiamng steadily. itpva.-d on
the narrow linM-scapc ladder. When
that stealthy prowler stepped onto
tli" iron platform jif-t outside the
K,-'iicd v ii'do-.v she saw It was the
d-.irifir laa-r cud realized .- ?;e was
too l.u i to tai n him. Ltiorc tne
could attract his attention r.
iioi:siy raised ,lie window and van
ished into that house of i.i story
But she quietly determined he shouli!
not be taken unawares by his ene
mies and quickly followed.
She slipped into the empty bedroom
and, warily crossing the lliwir, stood
in spellbound wonder gazing through
the open doorway. Backed up against
a bench stood the tense figure of a
middle-aged man with drooping eyelids
und the pasty gray complexion that
betrayed the habitual use of some
noxious drug.
He had apparently been Interrupted
In the midst M his Investigations, for
on the bench, just behind him, was
some object protected from the light
by a strip of thin toweling, a bins
platinum needle used in extracting
genii colonies from their cultures, a
compound microscope und an open
notebook for recording the result of
his labors. Facing the Intimidated
drug fiend stood the Laughing Ma. k.
"My patience is about exhausted,
Skldmon," he said to the man shrink
ing back against the bench, "and un
less you write that confession clear
ing me of those crimes committed by
Legar with your devilish assistance,
I am going to shoot you through the
head with as little compunction as
though you . were a mad dog. Your
terrible poisons have been responsible
for niofe than one unsolved murder
and society will bo well rid of you."
Tills convincing threat had the de
sired effect, for the stimp-shouldered
chemist moved sullenly toward a
small writing desk standing near the
window. As his reluctant icii traveled
slowly over a sheet of foolscap, the
Laughing Mask stood looking over his
shoulder, prompting the other's de
linquent memory with an occasional
quiet word and the insistent .menace
of that ever-ready revolver. The do
tails of those abhorrent crimes, com
mitted In cold blood by Legar for the
sole purpose of setting the police up
on his enemy, had practically been
completed when a, shrill penetratin
wmstie sounded from the alley.
The Laughing Mask turned quickly
to the nearby window and, throwing
back the shutters, leaned out am!
If the Grasp of the Detectives Werm
strove to ascertain the meaning of
that foreboding signal. For a moment
only he relaxed his guard over the
crafty poisoner, but that moment gave
to Skidmon the chance he had been
seeking. Before the startled girl,
watching through the doorway, could
cry out a word of warning, he launch
ed himself upon the half-bent figure
leaning out of the open window.
Caught at a decided disadvantage
and unable to use his wi-aiwin, the
Laughing Mask suddenly lost his bal
ance, and, grasping wildly at the
empty air. plunged headlong from tho
window down Into the abysmal dark
ness.
He seouH-d domain! to sure dost ruc
tion, but fate decreed the springy
branch of an elm tni- should i-ntch
that hurtling body, and the force of
his fall was broken when, limp ami
unconscious, he dropped a second
later onto the stone flagging by li:'!
cellar doorway.
As the moon swung across the stur
strewn heavens its pale light disclosed
the still form of the mn-onscio;n
Laughing Mask lying under the labor
atory window from which the infuri
ated scientist hail flung him. A one
armed man. who came slinking out
of the shailows, saw the inert figuru
and bent over It with a savage ex
clamation of triumph. He glanced
furtively about him. and. throwing
back the bulkhead doors loading into
the cellar, backed down the short
flight of steps, dragging the Laughing
Mask after him, like a spider drag
ging a fly into some dark recess.
Legar seemed strangely at home in
his dark and gloomy surroundings,
for after letting the Laughing Mask
drop heavily to the cement flooring,
his groping fingers quickly found n
battered lantern hanging from a
rusty hooky This feeble Illumination
shoved the cellar 1o be piled with
all sorts of discarded household furni
ture. Including n pile of worn-mit
carpeting near where the masked man
w as lying. As Legar henr over the
helpless llgure 4 fai'it nie came from
the stairway lending to the fl or
above. I Its lnst:uitly straightened u; ,
aud mad a search for the iiojs' .;.
Frein under the pile of carpi tine
two pair of long arms S'id!"i:,
Stretoc-il out toward the silent i -no
of the Laughing Mask. and. o ! 'y ,
seizing him by the feet and she.-'!-
decs, dragged him under, the fraye 1
ifobls of thai undent floor cowrii". j
V.'lnn the scarred outlaw gave tip !'i
fruitless search and re'riiind to l'
place wher-i he had kit the Lang,
&' ' .?-V.v'-S 3v V-s T - .'WjXviV V-ft'-ta
'.1t3 M-y't. - full Intent.. II :r;
s;v;r. Iiii)K that s vorn enemy with
Ills
ea Will-Is. 'le -':c a gasj. of in-
CMHitllotlS
vpon him
had c.:i:;:!
Tt flasht
amaz
lit as it
daw he.
1 victim
ill::! h : i'l'-nd
tl'lv disappeared.
d into his mind that Ihf
Laughing Mas!: might have recovered
suflicicutly to have crawled up th
short flight of cellar steps, and, hurry
fug outside, he commenced a system
atic search of the dark corners where
II Plan in do.snerate straits might en
deavor to hide, lie had hardly loft
IIk- cellar wh-ii the pile of threadbare
carpet showed signs o' sudden agi
tation, and. in obedience to certain
comma uds issued in painfully broker,
whispers, two spec'.ral figures emerged
from under that singular refuge and
glided toward the stairway leading t"
the upper siory, where the laboratory
was located.
In that laboratory the wide-eyed
Margery Golden was searching tne
littered work hciidi. hoping to Hud
son) i fhing to incriminate the venom
ous Skldmon. Sh" did n't venture to
touch the glittering Instruments. Uri
turned her attention to the object
which was hidden under the thin stnp
of toweling. When, after a little
heritation. she gingerly raised that
flimsy covering, she saw a thin glass
vessel bearing a printed label and haif
filled with a gelatinous substance. S!B
stooped and read from the label the
words "Colon Bacilli." but that did
pot convey to her that in the nutrient,
medium contained In that Petri dish
was a culture growth alive with mil
lions of malignant :gor:iu. Hoping to
find some more fr.pgible clue, die re
placed the towel and picked up the
open notebook lying near the micro
scope. Her face went white with
the h-Trir of tin thing ns si: - de
ciphered the cramped entries;
May 1" Kmmerb h has advanced
the theory that old ng" Is brought
c.bout in large part by the weakenid
resistence of the subject to the rav
ages of the bacillus coll, colu-ii "s of
which invariably Infest the dgos!ve
tract of cery I -v-- -n even though in
norm::! health. T'.i? activity and num
ber of these bacilli vastly increase with
niivi. !i" c" !-g a form of auto-
No Less Than Four Laughing Mask
intoxication and a subsequent harden
ing of the arteries due to increased
blood pressure, and other symptom
of general structural decay. Ir would
seem probable that from a suflicU ntiy j
large colony of cqhin bacilli a. virulent
to::ic poison might be extracted,
w hich, ndmiai -tor, d even in minute
quantities, should almost imaiediately I
attack tiie tissues and destroy the !
subject with all the indications of i
deiilh froai extreme old age. Such j
a poison, apparently unknown to
scli n -e, and already present In less
malignant form in every human sys
tem, would be extremely W tiling in '.
the event of an autopsy. I shall im- j
Mediately start experimenting along j
these lines.
May l"i The colony of colon
T !.;ci!!i Ji
culture ; j
which I started in a gelatin
medium Is multiplying rapidly. F'otir
ishes best at blood heat destroyed
at temperature of ;) degrees Centi
grade The change In color from gray
ish white to l rown should Indicate
an increase iu virulence and pathogen
ic qualities.
May 17 Inm-iiL-itcd guinea pig with
bacilli poison died instantly; body
shrunk and withered; much encour
aged. May 20 Discovery has just been
put to a gratifying practical test
managed to get a ie ed'e infected with
the bacilli extract to Legar who had
been captured ami i-oiilined in prison.
Legar has just communicated wjln
me. He succeeded iu scratching his
jailor with the contaminated needle,
and the man was seized immediately
with convulsions and died iu two or
three riinutes with all the symptoms
to be expected. Legar regained his
liberty, and now w! li-s to l irey an
entire family tiaav d Golden. I will
prepare minute capsules which will
keep the bacilli alive and
And lis with a shudder Mar? :-y came
to the' last unfinished ami cold
blooded entry she heard SUhlaum ra;- I
Idly approaching the door. Thrusting
the incriminating journal into her 1
dress, she quickly stole into the bac!: I
room, where sln c i!d vat. h" tho
laborntoiy without being o!i : -rved her- 1
S'-IT. She sa-v the ;;,:; 1 r ed bv.cte. I
riologjst hurriedly drag a ha! ti red
Irani, from a dark and caxeniotis
closet. As be threw an un. j sy glance i
toward the door li a i:ug into the hail
bis tit co suddenly froze
s'.on of abject terror.
111:0 an expres-
Aiivnoi'ig from the doorway
came
n figar
nio.-i.'".
tiii-.irit
with features
jellow mask.
;l deliberately
cloaked by a
This sijirilln?
ai:.:cd a Hark
r
ROYAL
SIB"
W n m
THE HOUSE OF REA1
REEL FEATURES
CONTINUOUS
FROM 1 TO 10
TOMORROW
PATHE PRESENTS
THE 20TH AND
LAST EFIoODE OF
jsa. Cms
WITH
Pearl White
AND
THE
j VITAGRAPH PRESENTS
NAOMi CHILD ERS
AND
ANTONIO MORENO
IN
A VITAGRAPH BLUE
RIBBON FEATURE IN
FIVE ACTS
ADMISSION
10 AND 15 CENTS.
1 1
!
J!
J
ntA tif
Oaw
The . Devils
Prize
territie-l scientist
.;:::! "ile: !!; 7 ' ' "
lay the ualinisheil
n faltered toward
nee.
:cd mind worki-d
.lie ucsk 111 001-101
But his inteiii
quickly, aim by the time he lii.d iiilixed
his name to thai document vindicat
ing the masked fugitive from Legar's
atrocious crimes he had banished the
fears which this suiiernutura! resur
rection had caused him and deter
mined on a course of action. Rising
from the desk he approached the
Laughing Mask, who was standing
tiear the open closet with his ready
weapon In his hand. Skidmon held
out the signed confession, but before
the other could take it the paper, with
seeming inadvertence, slipped from
the fingers of the scientist and llutter-
ed to the floe-. As he sbmiied to re-
gain It he suddenly hurled his weight
against the b gs of his unsuspecting
cneiry with a force that sent him
toppling ovp- backward into the
depihs of tiu closet, and before the
LawgHag Mask could regain his foot
ing the door had boea swung shut
and bolted.
Margery, from her place of conceal
ment, saw the loose-lipped malefactor
make a motion as th .ugh to destroy
the confession, but he suddenly grew
rigid as though gri! i-d again by the
hand of fear. Following the direc
tion in which his eyes were staring,
she saw the reason for his trepida
tion. A figure masked in the Identi
cal manner as the man just Impris
oned in tiie closet came slowly through
the hall doorway.
"It would be foolish to tear up that
little document." he said in tones of
grim determination, "tor yon would
have to write it over. As it Is rather
essential to my welfare, I'll trouble
you to hand It to me."
But Instead of complying with this
demand tin (h.zed and panic-stricken
analyst backed slowly away from
that terrifying specter. His retreat
was suddeu'y checked by the labor
atory work ber. h. on which he heavily
dropped a tretabling hand to steady
himself. As be did so there came 1;
shnry sound of breaking glass anil,
with an abrupt cry of pain, he flung
ut) his dcr-'ly gash d hand, splashed
with blood and a tiiick oor.e of gelatin
ous matter. He turned and saw the
splintered pieces of the fragile vessel
which had contained the colon bacilli
I culture. A duil moan of horror came
j from his Hue lips as he 'realized he
was hopelessly Inoculated with the
i den i;!y virus.
! In wild desperation he caught up
i the towel from the work bench and
r scrubiied the smi :;r of blood and
I stic-y substance from his open wound,
i But the strip 01 linen dropivd from
1 his nerveless fingers as a s?rics of
! convulsive tremors shook his t.irtured
body. Then his knees gave way under
him and he slowly sank upon the
I floor, and after several jerky spasms
I his pain-racked form was udlled In
I death.
i Overcome by the sight of that grue
I som? tragedy. Margery stood rooted
to the floor, inarticulate i:nd trcm
; bling. Sf'." saw the Laughing Mask
pick up the confession and go out of
the laboratory toward the stairway.
Still holding the revolver, he desoend
sd to the cellar with the air of a
man whose mission is but half fin
ished. Kvcn as he hastily concealed
himself back of the piles of carpet
he heard Legar returning from bis
futile search of the premises. That
puzzled wor'ter of Iniquity suddenly I
foiled himself looking into a revolver
held by the Leughii'.? Mask, who had
steppi d out of the shadows.
I'cali.-ing he had been outwitteu
tnd that resistance was useless. Legar
raised his arms above his head in
ol eilien.-c to the curt command of the
other. But the evil genius was n t
slumbering, and as his lifted right
hand came in contact with a large
cart!. en llovv-r pot standing on u
shelf above him he grasped that
heavy iihji-ct and hurled it with all
his strength full in the face of his
masked opponent.
That crashing and unexpected blow
acmmplished its purpose, for the
Laughing Mask ilropiMi! in a motion
less heap as though he had befn
struck by a hgil. t. The one-armed
man. bonding over his apparently
lifeless enemy, saw a paper protrud
ing from the inner im -ket of his coat.
As be glanced at it by the sickly light
of the lantern, he realizMl Its pur
port, and hurried up the stairs to call
Skidmon to account for disclosing his
guilty secrets.
The first ibor he openi! proved
to be that of a small butler' pantry,
and by the flickering light of the
.match he saw in the gloomy compart
ment a statue-like form standing with
folded arms. The silently accusing
Spire wore a yellow mask. With a
half-strangled oath he dropped the
gloving match end and slammd the
door on that masked apparition.
He raced up the stairs to the third
story landing, where he pa lists! to re
gain his breath before entering the
laboratory of bis traitorous henchman,
lie suddenly recoiled its though struck
a blow. iMwn the narrow passage
came the Laughing Mask.
For a moment the terrorized male
factor cowered against the rickety
hnuis'ers. Tin u. as that dread figure
came nearer. ! wheeled about and
st-adi!y mounting up to meet bim
. ame anotbi r figure w ith i's face also
com red by a cynically smiling yellow
lues!:. The despairing critrii:::! turned
and tie. I toward the attic, but standing
l.iotioi.l -ss nt the top of that (light
of stairs was still another ycllow-
4 Mded figure. Like some fear-craed
irimal. Legar rushed blindly through
the la' orator. doorway. Ski Imou's
bod. l.-y wh re It had fallen. ..nd as
Leer's eye feil on ihat K;a.st.y tud
iiu'oiaatic at the
and with his !;T; I;
to the desfc wie-re
' in 1 inn. Si;ii -
? iic Kiie i
: toward th i
i:is esc-ip? m 11 o'?
1. for striti dug on .t
as a qt i. ,ly .u A
ore;
1 rr--'ilr Ma-;k. lie 'luew oi-n t n
door leaiiing Into the chnmber whfre
Skldmon hnd been engaged in pack
ing his effects. but stationed In the
center df that room was a forbidding
fom wearing a yellow visor. As
Legar backed awny from that hateful
vision he trip km! over the body of
the dead scientist and fell heavily,
striking his forehead a sharp blow
against the edge of the laboratory
bendi. lie slowly got to his feet,
pressing his hand In a dazed man
ner against his injured temple, from
which a Htfle crimson stream was
trickling d wn Into his eyes.
Catchlnti up the towel which had
covered U e glass vessel broken by
Skldmon, je mopped the blood from
his eyes, and the Jagged wonnd on
his forehead. Then as he felt a
clammy moisture on his fevered skin
he hastily examined the towel and
saw It was smeared with a substance
roser.'Witig a crashed jelly fish. He
saw noii of that gelatinous matter
on the b;ach and quickly picked out
of It a ptirce of broken glass bearing
a printed .'ithel. As he read the words.
Colon Bi.oiii, he knew his doom was
sealed.
With distended eyes and fojm
flecked lips he suddenly pitched head
long to the floor, where he lay writh
ing and twisting like a soal in torment.
As the relentless poison ate Into his
vitals his convulsive straggles weaken
ed, and d'ath stilled forever his
thrashing Iron claw.
Then the shuddering girl became
conscious that the Laughing Mask was
standing near, and as he. stooped and
took the confession from the stiffening
fingers of the dead criminal she saw
hN yellow- visor w as torn and splashed
with blood.
Suddenly there resounded through
the. quiet house tb sound of crash
ing blows delivered upon the front
tliMir. followed a moment later by
heavily pounding feet as the raiding
detectives, headed by Captain Braek
ett. ca-me storming up the stairs.
Presently with Enoch Golden and the
heavy-jawed captain in the lead they
came crowding into the room when?
he and Margery were waiting. In the
grasp of those astounded detectives
were no less than four Laughing
Masks, each one an exact counterpart
of the other.
The detectives tore the yellow
coverings of their prisoners and dis
closed the straightforward and un
familiar features of four young men
of about tiie same age as David Men
ley. With a puzzled exclamation the
police captain approached the remain
'ng Laughing Mask standing by the
side of Margery Golden. That man cf
mystery silently extended Skidnion's
confession to the police captain, who
.gueieed hastily through it.
"Well, I guess thr.t lets you oft,"
he muttered with evident disappoint
ment, "but now you're clear of the
law, what's 'the use of hiuia' under
that mask':"
Witli a qcick aud decisive move
ment the Laughing Mask stripped
o!T that .grotesquely smiling piece of
yellow cambric, revealing the hand
some and boyish faee of the young
secretary, David Manley.
"Now that Legar is dead, my flis
"inse has served its putrose," he ex
plained in quiet tones, as he glanced
around that circle of Intent listeners.
"l!e know I would try to protect my
employer and his daughter from his
vil purjiose of revenge, ami by act
Ing In a dot;!)le role I was able to
glit him to better advantage. I
i'mal'.y organized four of my friends
into a sort of feeret order of Ijmgh
ing Masks. btl they always kept in
The Laughing Mask Stood Looking
Over Hit Shoulder.
the background except on one or two
pressing occasions. Miss Wilkins, piy
stepsister, made our masks, and we
used her garden as a meeting place.
Miss Golden has known all this since
we worsted Legar in the coal mine,
and I think she will join nie in in
viting you all to coine to a little affair
which Is coin? to be held in a church
la the very near future."
As Mirgerv turned away to hide
her tears und her blushes, her father
warmly grasjHMl his former secretary's
hand, and after a moment the solemn
red face of Captain Bracket t slowlv
II
cracked into a sheepish grin as he ex
tended his beefy paw to Pavid Mauley,
alias the Laughing Mask.
(THU END.)
llll 1 u
ar.
he g'
he Sii",-
direc '
hold
w
111 EIGHT:
THE BISEEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING. JANUARY 7, 1917.
t
V
On All FURS
NEW VICTOR RECORDS FOR
JANUARY that will give life and
happiness to the New Year you'll
admit, after hearing thern, that the
9
Choice of the House
- Savings that make it well wordi while to buy
ycuir furs now. Children's Sets range from
$::.r.i to $1:V Women s Muffs $4.95 to $i;0. and
St art's $V'J.-, to n. All subject to a discount
of 33 1-3 per cent off.
f: January list from start to finish is an
unusually fine selection Come in
and let us play these new numbers
' for you.
a
i J& $4.00
metf PERFECTION
V iHOU'jai Oil. HiATXfiJ Jtm
IT'S ALWAYS FAIR WEATHER
The Perfection Heater it ready ia a
minute to make any room cozy.
Portable clean, good -look irff and de
pendable. Inexpensive. Give that ex
tra warmth jn hour at a time or all day
long, just aa you need it. Come in and
Irt us show it to you.
New Shipment
ast Received
The Famous PENINSULAR
Combination Ranges
The Handsomest, Latest Improved, Highest Grade Cast Combina
tion Range in the World.
This Two-in-One Peninsular specialty is truly a sensation the
plum of all triumphs a wonderful achievement of the stove maker's
art. A veritable rooking Machine, exclusive- and different from any- '
thing on the market, answering eery demand Appearance, Durability,
Conveniences and Economy; lurns Coal. Wood or Gas. The final effort
of forty years iti the exclusive manufacture of Cooking and Heating
Appliances.
A Binding Guarantee of Perfect Operation and Durability of Parts
goes with every Peninsular Stove, and only priced at $70.
MAJESTIC Coal Ranges
If you are really interested in getting the most prac
tical, durable and economical coal range to be had you
should by all means see the Majestic notice the many
features, and then only will you realize and appreciate
the difference between the Majestic and others.
Other Ranges at $22.50 and Up
Coal and Wood HEATERS
Wide selection Airtights at $1.50 up to Hot Blast
Heaters at $22.50.
Bargain Booth SALE OF REMNANTS
Sale Starts Monday Morning at Our Bisbee
and Lowell Stores
Lengths from 1 to 5 Yardsgp"
Extra Wide Selection
1
-Take Oar Advice and Be Here When the
Doors Open-You'H Be Well Paid
From the viewpoint of hundreds of our customers this sale is full of compound interest. Our eagerness to clean
up, in the shortest possible time, the last part of last year's accumulations of remnants induces U3 to make prices so low
that fifty cent pieces have the usual buying power of dollars: This will be the largest remnant sale we've held for some
time, because a largely increased business has resulted in an unusually large amount of short ends, all of which will
be sold with little regard to real value or cost to us. Merchandise that is just as valuable to you as if cut from full
bolts. An event that should arouse to action every woman who has clothes to make for herself or for her family.
w if n in v v i
lkL .' i h ill , i
m . t orjt w -f iiiiiii - mm i w n i v t i,t
!v ;.: 'ii . i u 1 I l i v I , c 1 1 i
-X.v - - J
ixwV
-ft Mi I K
11
Materials Soisettes Satins Towelings
include Poplins Cretonnes Batiste
Calicos Wool Panamas Dotted Swiss Shirtings
Ginghams Wool Serges Lawns Jap Crepes
Percales Shepherd Checks Madras Foulards
Outings Mohair Saitings Piques French Serges
Muslins Diagonal Serges Voiles Storm Serges
Sheetings Brocaded Suitings Scrims Wool Crepes
Eiderdowns Broadcloths Plisse Crepe Cotton Crepes
Linens Silks Galateas Etc.
.?
HI1
it1
Our Annual CASE EMPTYING SALE of Women's Apparel
Continues With Splendid Assortments
CASE EMPTYING means with this store a complete apparel clean-up. AU the profits to be made have been made for the
season now it's sell quick at any price that will effect a positive clean-up. We expect a loss, and it's applying tlu3 rigid clean
up rule that has made our CASE-EMPTYING SALE one of the greatest value-giving events of the year. If you want a Suit,
Coat, Dress, Evening Gown or Set of Furs, you'll find it at less here with an added quality standard that guarantees satisfaction
always wiih our goods.
SUITS--0NE-HALF OFF
S15.0C VALUES $7.50
$16.95 VALUES $8.50
$17.50 VALUES $8.75
$18.50 VALUES $9.25
$2C.OO VALUES $10.00
$22.50 VALUES .$11.25
$25.00 VALUES $12.50
$27.50 VALUES $13.75
$30.00 VALUES $15.00
$32.50 VALUES $16.25
$35.00 VALUES $17.53
$37.50 VALUES $18.75
$40.00 VALUES $20.00
$45.00 VALUES $22.50
$47.50 VALUES $23.50.
$50.00 VALUES '.. ....$25.00
S5500 VALUES $27.50
$60.00 VALUES $30.00
$65.00 -VALUES $32.50
All Evening Gowns
ONE-FOURTH OFF
$12.5C Values $9.38
$15.00 Values $11.25
$16.95 Values ,...$12.72
$20.00 Values $15.00
$22.50 Values ,..$16.63
$25.00 Values $18.75
$30.00 Values $22.50
$35.00 Values '. $26.25
$40.00, Values $30.00
$45.00 Values $33.75
$50.00 Values $38.50
$55.00 Values $41.25
$53.00 Values $45.00
$90.00 Values $67.50.
Big Reduction on All Women's Street
and Afternoon DRESSES
Lot 1 Values to $15, now .$7.95
Lot 2 Values to $20, now. .$11.95
Lot 3 Values to $30, now $15.00
Lot 4 Values to $45, now. $22.50
Lot 5 Values to $65, now. $32.50
Lot 6 Values to $75, now. .$45.00
Women's Coats-ONE-FOURTH OFF
$ 6.95 Values $ 5.22
$10.00 Values $ 7.50
$12.50 Values $ 9.38
$15.00 Values $11'25
$16.50 Values .....$12.38
$17.50 Values . ...$13.13
$25.00 Values $18.75
$30.00 Values $22.50
$35.00 Values $26.25
$45.00 Values 33.75
$50.00 Values $38.50
$65.00 Values $43.75
On Ivory Toilet
ARTICLES
This offers a splendid opportunity
for completing sets, as manw of you
received from one to three pieces of
this popular ware for Christmas. The
fact that these items are good all-the-year-round
merchandise makes this
reduction all the more remarkable.
No exchanges No refunds.
Articles included are Ivory Perfume Bottles, Buffers.
Trays, Baskets, Ink Stand, Combs, Brushes, Military Sets,
Hair Receivers, Picture Frames, Shoe Buttoners, Clocks, Col
lar Boxes, Jewel Cases, Mirrors, Complete Manicure Sets and
separate Manicure articles. Wide range of prices. On Sale
in our Notion Department.
Children's Winter Coats and Dresses-ONE-HALF-OFF
CHILDREN'S DRESSES, AGES 6 TO 15 Years
Goc.d serviceahle garments especially suitable for
school and general wear. Materials of Wool
Challies, Wool Serges and faucy Wool Plaids
prettily trimmed with braids, self and fancy but
tons, ties, etc.
$1.50 Values 75c
$2.00 Values $1.00
$2.50 Values $1.25
$3.C0 Values $1.53
$3.50 Values $1.75
$4.00 Values $2.03
$5.00 Values $2.50
$10.00 Values $5.00
$12.50 Values $6.25
$15.00 Values $7.50
Children's Winter Coats, Ages 6 to 14 year
Reliable kinds which give full return of warmth
and service at their regular prices. Styles and
colors children want. Materials include Zibeline,
Corduroy, Kant-v Mixtures and Chinchillas Don't
fail to attend this sale.
$4.95 Values $2.50
$6.95 Values $3.50
$730 Values $3.75
$8.50 Values $4.25
$10.00 Values $5.00
$12.50 Values $6.25
$15.00 Values $7.50
$20.00 Values $10.00
MOTHERS! Here' s your opportunity a Clean-Up Sale on Children's Hats. Sizes
:L1- 1 f t . i r i c . - i it i. i
suiuiuie lor uuie Doys or i. years up to gins or i . corduroys, plushes, velvets and
ff felts in black, white and colors good selection, but come early.
Values to $1.50 for. 50c Values to $3.50 for.
$1.
Women's Patent Leath
er Sport Shoes with white
Reighnskih uppers. Ru!;--her
heels and leatherex
soles. Goodyear welt. All
sizes in widths A to K
The pair $5.00
Latest Arrivals in Sport Shoes
Black kid with grey tops
lace model. Goodyear
welt, leather soles and low
heels. Ona of the new
spring stvlts and priced
at $7.50
Women's black kid, 9-
inch lace boot. Soft bril
liant stock with extremely
stylish heel and toe
widths from A to E the
pair $6.50
Evening Slippers for the Social Season
The assortment for this important season
is complete. Satins in black, white, gold,
pink and blue at the pair $3.50 to $6. Others
in gold and silver fabrics, bronze, patent
leather and dull kid at $3.50 up to $7.50.
Y
Only a Few Left
Values
up to $10.
$3.95
Values
up to $25.
$6.95
i
J
ALUMINUM GIVES WAY
TO COPPER IN NORTH
Power Company in Montana
Substitutes Red Metal for
the Substitute.
One of the aluminum transmission
lines from the Madison river power
plant of the Montana Power Co. to
Butte, a distanre of about 60 miles,
is now being scrapped, and the elec
tric current formerly carried by the
aluminum will be transmitted throuch
a copper line, says the KnpineerinK &.
Mining Journal. The aluminum line
had been in operation for J5 years,
and the line as .a whole had readied
a condition where maintenance charg
es were high, owing t"o the aluminum
wire becoming worn in the tics and
giving- considerable trouble from
breakage.
! General Manager F. II. Kerr, of the
Montana Power Co. states that the fol
lowing reasons caused his company to
.adopt copper instead of aluminum for
long-distance transmission lines: (1)
I Aluminum is softer and weaker and
'particularly susceptible to abrasions at
: points of support. (") Aluminum has
! a low melting point and is easily
burned in two and destroyed by arcs,
j (3) Where the wires are supported on
: suspension insulators, side swinging
to the wind must be considered. Alu
I minum Is at a great disadvantage in
this respect, and on account of its
light weight and large area, will
'swing up into close proximity to, the
crossarms. cutting down the necessary
idearanre to dangerous extent. (4)
jFire hazard and danger to human life
I are greater with aluminum on account
j of its liability to burn in two, drop to
(the ground and set fire to whatever
'it touches. The ends of the wire will
burn free from the ground and hang
down as a menace to human life.
Previous to the summer of 1913
there were in operation three 50,000
volt transmission lines from the Madi
son plant to Butte, consisting of two
1 77.000-circ. Mil aluminum lines on
I wooden poles and one No. 0 copper line
!on steel towers. During the past sum
I mer a portion of the tower line was
reinsulated for loo,0i0-volt service in
order to serve power to the St. Paul
Railway.
In view of the fact that It was ap
parent that the aluminum lines would
have to be abandoned within the next
few years, it was decided to complete
the insulation of the power line to the
Madison river plant for 100,000 volts
and dispense with the other lines for
the present.
The statements made that the alu
minum line had been adjudged a fail
ure are not entirely correct, according
.to Manager Kerr, who writes: "We
realize and admit that a successful
line can be constructed of aluminum,
but as before stated, our experience
and observations have placed us on
record as favoring copper. While the
scrap value of aluminum at this time
is high, this fact had little to do with
our decision. We were well satisfied
that the aluminum lines would have
to be abandoned within a year or two
in any event, and the only effect the
high price had was to hasten this
work a little."
Stomach Troubles.
If you have trouble with ur stom
ach you should try Chamberlain's
Tablets. So many have been restore:!
to health by the use of these tablet
and their cost is so lit'le, "T cents, that
it is worth while to give them a triai
(Advertisement)
SOUTH AMERICA WILL
PLAY BIG PART WITH
THE COPPER INDUSTRY
Many Companies Have Scouts
on the Lookout for Promis
ing Froperties in the Big
Southern Continent.
For forrs, Corns. "Juniors lb-grow
tng nails see Mor'ow Chiropodist. 2
dotn from C'y Park. Brewery Gulch
(Gil) (Advertisement)
That South America is destined to
play an Important part in the copper
industry "of the world appears evident
from the activity on the part of the
large mining Interests who have scouts
out looking for new copper deposits.
Chile seems to be the center of'
most of these activities at the present
time in the hopes that another "chile"
or another "liraden" can be discovered.
The American Metal Co. Is under
stood to have secured an option on
the Mantas Blancos property in Chile
through Louis Wright, a well-known
engineer. Adolph Lewisohn & Sons
have Engineer Gouyard making ex
aminations there while Allen M. K'o
gers has lately returned from Chile.
The Guggenheinis have Fritz Mellor
on the ground and William Braden
has several scouts in various parts of
South America looking for copper pro
perties. It was Braden who secured control
l)f the property bearing his name which
is now owned by the Kcnnecott Cop
per Corporation. Changing his affilia
tions from the Gucgenheims to the
Anacond group of mining operators
Braden secured the Andes deposit for
the Ana'.mda Corper Mining Co. More
recently Braden has secured options
on the Cerro Verde property in Pent.
I believed to be for the Anaconda Co.
COLD HITS ANACONDA
BUTTE. Jan. 6. The extreme cold
wea'her that has existed in Butte
for the pnst week is interfering seri
ously with mining operations. Ana
conda closed down Its Pennsylvania
and Tramway mines Wednesday
night and the Pennsylvania remained
closed until Thursday. The Berkeley
and West Colusa mines will be down
for the day shift Thursday and the
Mountain View mine will be down for
both day and night shifts Thursday.
I Over 2000 men are affected by the
; order. It is expected that all copper
j mir.es in Butte will be closed Sunday
I and Monday for the double New Year
holiday. If the weather moderates
the smelters at Great Falls and Ana-
ronda can operate as usual next
j week. A continuation of the extreme
1 cold, however, will reduce dally out
1 put of the company at Washoe and
I Great Falls smelters fully one-half.