I
4
Sixteen j
Pages i
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 20. NO. 86.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 16, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
M rf
Two
Sections
3
i
V!
1
4
1
1
i
i
3
-J
'3
'
.-A
J
1
SERIOUSNESS
of smumoi
REALIZED BY
ALL SWE
Foreign Minister Lindman of
Sweden Tells Associated
Press His, Country Has
Stopped Unneutral Prao
tices.
(By Review Leased "Wire.)
STOCKHOLM, Sept. 15. Sweden
realizes the seriousness of the situa
tion created by the recent disclosures
at Washington regarding the trans
mission of German dispatches and ex
pects to take all steps possible to put
matters right. Foreign Minister Lind
man told the Associated Press during
an Informal talk. All transmission of
German dispatches had been stopped,
be said, and Germany had been asked
for an explanation of the abuse of the
privilege formerly extended. In the
course of his discussion of the affair
with the correspondent. Admiral Land
men brought out the following points:
Sweden Concerned
First That the Swedish government
was not, as alleged In certain quar
ters, taking the affair lightly, but on
the contrary realized fully the serious
aspect of the situation and intended
to do everything possible to settle the
problem.
. Transmission Stopped
Second That transmission of dis
patches on behalf l Germany had
been stopped absolutely from the mo
ment when the disclosures were
brought to the foreign minister's at
tention and would under no circum
stances be resumed.
No Idea of Content
Third That had the Swedish gov
ernment had the slightest idea of the
nature of the dispatcues which the
German government was transmitting.
the messages Would never have been
transmitted.
Requests Explanation
Fourth That strong representa
tions had been addressed to the Ger
man government on the abuse made
of this practice, accomplished by a re
quest for explanation to which, how
ever, no reply had yet been received.
Wants Situation Cleared
Admiral Lindman. during the entire
conversation, seemed imbued with the
desire to see the situation cleared up
fully and completely on a basis satis
factory to the United States and
Sweden ahd in a way to permit the
continuance of the m'ost friendly, cor
dial relations with the American gov
ernment and people.
Deplore Practice
"To begin with," said the foreign
minister, "I want to emphasize the
fact that we are not taking this matter
easily. We deplore most sincerely that
a practice which was exercised in ab
solutely good faith has been gravely
abused, and we are determined that
the condition which led to this result
shall be remedied.
Stepped Immediately
"As i'oon as I was informed of Sec
retary Lansing's statement I immedi
ately gave orders to cease this prac
tice. This would have been done
earlier as a matter of course, had my
attention been called to the undesira
bility of the practice.
Morris' Word Sufficient
"A word from Mr. Morris (the Amer
ican minister) or the British minister
would have sufficed. But as it was,
I had no idea that the practice was
open to objection until the revelations
launched from Washington."
Unable to Explain
The foreign minister has. as yet.
been unable to explain the exact cir
cumstances under which the practice
of transmitting dispatches in code for
Germany had come into being, as It
was an inheritance from the adminis
tration 'of his predecessor. He had or
dered a rigid investigation within his
department as to the origin of the
system, he said.
Contents Unknown
"I am as yet," he continued, "un
able to say anything about the results
of this investiyation. but should like
to have you point out emphatically
that no man belonging to this country
having knowledge of the contents of
Count Luxburg's teleerams would have
consented to transmit them.
Maintain Neutrality
"This country wishes 1o maintain a
perfectly neutral attitude and has the
strongest determination to remain per
fectly neutral. If blame can be thrown
npon us fbr having transmitted such
telegrams, it cannot be for lack of good
Reward
(By Review Leased Wire)
MINNEAPOLIS, Sept. 15. La
bor's Loyal Legion, recently or
ganized here, will pay $1000 to the
American soldier who might suc
ceed in capturing, derd or alive,
the kaiser or the German crown
prince. This was decided at a
meeting of the executive commit
tee tonight
The legion will pay $500 to the
first American soldier to take
prisoner, dead or alive, a member
of the general staff of the German
army, and 1200 to the first Amer
ican soldier who captures, dead or
alive, a German soldier.
A telegram notifying him of the
offer was sent to President Wil
son.
GERMANS OFFER
REWARD FOR THE
FIRSTAMERICAN
Four Hundred Marks Offered
as Reward for First U. S.
Soldier Dead or Alive to Be
Brought In.
BRITISH HEADQUARTERS IX
FRANCE AND BELGIUM, Sept. 15
By the Associated Press). German
military authorities on the western
front have shown concern about the
imminence of the American army's
entrance into the fighting by offer
ing rewards for the production of the
first American prisoners. The general
commanding the Eleventh reserve di
vision recently put the price of 400
marks on the first American soldier
brought, dead or alive, into his lines.
Diary Discloses Plan
This information has been discov
ered by the diary of a Prussian ser
geant of the Twenty-third regiment.
He wrote at the end of July:
"Wo are supposed to have had
Americans opposite us for some time
now and two divisions of Portuguese
on our right. The man who brings
the first American, dead or alive, has
been promised the cross of the class,
400 marks and fourteen days' leave
from the -division."
Destruction of Town
The diary, which covers a period
of nearly two months, describes in
detail the destmction nf an import
ant industrial city by the Germans
and its transformation by a German
army commander into a great mass
of fortified ruins. Batteries have been
planted in the cellars of private
houses, factories and public buildings
which have been partly demolished to
gvie a better field for the fire, while
the streets and squares and even the
city cemetery have been torn up and
enmeshed with wire to provide posi
tions for groups of machine guns.
Search for Treasure
The diary describes how the troops
quartered in the city spent their time,
when not on duty in firing machine
guns from the barricaded windows
and roofs of building left standing,
and in searching for hidden treasure
and in digging among the ruins for
silverware.
Robbing Ruins
The sergeant tells how his friends
found gold watches and priceless
paintings from the museums, statuary
and other works of art which they
are boarding in their dugous. The
cathedrals were sacked as well as the
other public buildings. The German
'authorities have removed the bulk of
the municipal and ecclesiastical val
uables to Germany, but many of the
inhabitants were evicted from their
homes at a few hours' notice when
the city was cleared before its. de
struction and had no opportunity to
remove their private possessions and
tried to hide them. The German sol
diers, it seems, were eager to serve
at St. Quentin because of the chances
for "treasure hunts" there.
The diary does not indicate any
marked depreciation of the German
morale, but emphasizes the discom
fort of the conditions of life in the
field and the terrible accuracy of the
French gunners, who give the Ger
mans no rest. '
FIGHTING IN AIR
BERLIN, Sept. 15. via London. The
supplementary official statement is
sued by general headquarters this eve
ning, reads:
"In parts of the Flanders front and
southeast of Arras there has been live
ly fighting activity.'
BERLIN, via London, Sept. 15
Today's statement by army head
quarters says the sitlation along the
Russian and Rumanian fronts and in
Macedonia is unchanged and that
there was only slightly military activities.
K0RN1 LOrr IS
ARRESTED BY
GOVERNMENT
OF RUSSIANS
Leader of Revolt Is Arrested
With Many Others. Keren
sky Fails to Perfect a Coali
tion Cabinet.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PETROGRAD, Sept. 15. General
Korniloff, leader of the recent rebel
lion against the provisional govern
ment and General Lokomsky, the
commander of the northern front who
refused to take command of the Rus
sian armies after Korniloff was da-
posed, have been arrested.
Negotiations.
The surrender of General Korniloff
took place only after prolonged no
gotiations during the course of which
a collision seemed inevitable. When
the governmental army .under ' Gener
al Korotokoff was marching from
Orsha on Mohilev, General Korniloff
was negotiating with General Alexi
eff, chief of stafffi who had already
reached Mohilev, but was unable to
effect Korniloffs arrest owing to the
fact that part of the local forces was
emphatically for Korniloff and pre
pared to defend him to the last.
Conditions Outlined.
Konriloff and Lokomsky laid down
conditions under which they were
willing to surrender their swords, the
nature of which has not yet been re
ported. Both showed considerable
obstinancy and the negotiations
browe down.
Kerensky Informed.
General Alexieff telegraphed to
Premier Kerensky a description of
the position at Mohilev, expcrsslng
the opinion that the majority of the
local troops were siding with Korni-
lloff. Kerensky refused to counten
ance delay and gave the order to Gen
eral Alexieff to execute immediately
the order of arrest and as Alexieff
still hesitated to provoke a conflict
Kerensky telegraphed lhat AlexJeffi
was Korniloffs prisoner and would
take other measures for the explusion
of the counter-rertutionist8 from Mo
hilev. Trocps Concentrated.
In the meantime government troops
weie being steadily concentrated, Mo-
ihilev barring the roads and capturing
I all fugitives, these being Korniloffs
ordinary officer, Zavoki, who took a
prominent part in the rebellion, mem
bers of the officers of the army and
fleet and other prominent rebels.
Korniloff surrendered apparently
only when Generai Korotokoffs
forces were near Mohilev and after
the defection of his last supporting
troops.
Coalition Fails.
PETROGRAD. Sept. 15. Premier
Kerensky's attempt to form a coali
tion government has failed, but the
crisis has been solved metproarily in
the form of a cabinet reduced in sise
and of virtually non-party character.
This decision became inevitable with
the council of workmen's and soldiers'
delegates yesterday informed Premier
Kerensky that they agreed with the
social democrats and the social revol
utionists in opposing the entrance of
the constitutional democrats into the
cabinet.
No Compromise Possible.
Negotiations lasted until early in
the morning. Premier Kerensky then
found it impossible to obtain a com
promise of a coalition basis, admit
ting both Right and Left ministers
and decided temporarily to create a
cabinet of five members. These
are Kerensky, president; Terestchen
ko, minister of foreign affairs; Gen
eral Verkhovsky, minister of war;
Admiral Verderevski. minister of
marine, and I. M. Nikitin, minister of
posts and telegraphs.
Social Revolutionist.
As Terestchenko 'and both the de
fence ministers VU") members
of no party and as Nikitin and Kern
sky are social revolutionists, the cabi
net, as far as it Is a party one, is
social revolutionist. The portifolios
of the other departments will be al
lotted by the cabinet of five but the
occupants will rank only as directors
of departments.
The new cabinet held Its first sit
ting this morning. The attitude of
the part of the Left to this solution of
the difficulty has not yet been expres-ed.
Kerensky Talks.
PETROGRAD, Sept. 15. After (he
I (Continued on Page Six.)
jpjpp
DOMESTIC COAL
TO BE PROVIDED
FOR BHARFIELD
Spot Coal Will Be Requisi-
. . tioned By the Fuel Admin-1
istration In Order to pre
vent Famine - and Conges
tion.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Sept. 15. Plans
for taking care of the small consum
ers' coal needs this winter by requisi
itioning so-called spot coal at the
mines were disclosed tonig lit by Dr.
H. A. Garfield, the fuel administrator.
State Requirements.
The first move under this arrange
ment. Dr. Garfield exulained, will be
to ascertain through state fuel admin
istrators soon to be named the "exact
requirements of each state above the
amounts that have been eon trade J
for. These will be assembled and the
total supply required will be appor
tioned among the country"s mines.
Operators will be required to trim
their contracts enought to enable
them to supply the necessary amount
of spot coal.
Coal Efficiency.
The hmount of the probable defici
ency in coal in each state will, be as
certained by state administrators
through local committees, which also
will be charged with distributing the
coal when obtained.
Mine Prices.
A general readjustment of mine
prices fixed by President Wilson will
be recommended by Dr. Garfield with
in tha next few weeks. It is regard
ed as likely that many of the prices,
based on cost of production figures
furnished by the federal trade com
mission, will be increased slightly
No individual mine prices will be re
vised until the entire new scale is
worked uot.
Retail Prices.
Tentative retail prices will be fixed
for veery community in the country
possibly within two weeks. Final
prices are to be fixed on recommenda
tions of local committees, said Dr.
Garfield, which will represent consi
derable reduction of cost to consum
ers. Spot Coal.
As contracts expire all coal will be
sold as spot coal and the fuel admin
istration may be called on to super
vise all sales.
To enforce regulations to be drawn
up. Dr. Garfield intends to license not
only coal producers, lint jobbers and
rtailers a swell.
THE LIGHT THAT FAILED
Bungled
(By Review Leassd Wire).
NOGALES. Ariz., Sept. 15. F.
Vierro, engineer of a train from
Guaymas, was arrested early today
by Mexican custom officials at
Nogales, Sonora, ' after, it was al
leged, silver bullion valued at $10,
000 was found hidden in the en
gine and an attempt had been
made to smuggle it to the Ameri
can side.
CREDITS BILL IS
PASSED IN SENATE
WITHOUT VOTING
Measure Will Now go to Con
ference and Uo Trouble is
Anticipated in Arriving at
Satisfactory Agreement.
tBy Vi view Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Sept. 15. The war
credits bill, authorizing new ttmds and
certificates aggregating $11,538,000,
000 and the largest measure of its kind
in world history, was passed by the
senate late today without a roll call
or dissenting vote. It has already
passed the house and will go to con
ference Monday.
Senators Stone and Smith of Geor
gia, and Smoot, were named the sen
ate conferees.
Few Changes Made
Few changes were made in the bill
by the senate. The most Important
senate amendment was that of the fi
nance committee in increasing from
one-seventh to one-fourth or one per
cent 'of the bonds and war savings cer
tificates authorized, the expense al
lowance for their flotation, and de
creasing the allowance for the Indebt
edness certificates from one-tenth to
one-twentie:h of one per cent.
Security Issues
As the senate did not revise the
amount 'of security issues proposed
they cannot be changed in conference.
There are $7,538,945,460 of convertible
four per cent bonds, subject to income
sur taxes and war excess profits taxes
and $2,000,000,000 each of war savings
certificates and temporary certificates
of Indebtedness.
Interest Rate Limited
The senate late today adopted an
amendment by a Wisconsin senator
limiting the interest rate 'on the sav
ing certificates to four pe" cent, but
the rate on the certificates of indebted
ness is left to the secretary of the
treasury.
BISBEE
RESUMES
2
Situation Clears Up With
Columbus Camp Broken
Up and Practically All of
Wobblies Have Left Dis
trict. The I. W. W. situation in Bisbee and
the Warren district is a closed book
today. After n.'ore than two months
of anxiety, because of the I. W. W.
activities, officials and citizens here
have expressed their belief that all
danger of trouble In the district as
a result of the return of the exiles
sent to Columbus, July 12, had passed.
For Their Belongings
Those men who were brought here
yesterday said they had "only come to
get their belongings and then intend
ed seeking work elsewhere. None will
be given work here and only one has
yetmade an effort to stay except the
married men who are being permitted
to remain until they dispsoe of their
property, as there are no places open
here even to them.
Mexicans to Mexico
The men brough: in said more than
100 Mexicans headed by Dorisme, their
leader, had crossed to MexTco near Co
lumbus, but this was not verified.
They also said the army was tearing
down the tents in the camp.
Hungarian In Bunch
Frank Wehl, one of the men arrest
ed yesterday, said he was a Hungar
ian and that "no one was ever treated
in that t'ountry as lie had been treat
ed here." He was especially Insulting
to the officers who guarded him. He
lef; last night for Los Angeles.
Three German Born
Three of the men tried in police
court yesterday afternoon admitted
being German' born and more than 50
per cent were foreigners.
Camp Quiet
Sheriff Wheeler said last night the
camp had never been so quiet as It
had been since the deportntion 4.te
and that the "only serious trouble that
had occurred had been between two
alleged I. W. W.'s who had bee-a over
looked in the first roundup.
End cf Trouble
"This is the end of all this 'wobbly'
business i"fid I am glad, for I am tired
of it all," Sheriff Wheeler said last
night.
No Labor Trouble
'That movement was r.'j labor trou
ble, but an organized effort here to
embarrass the United States govern
ment at war," continued the Cochise
NORMAL AFTER
MONTHS
ANXIETY
1
I
CRAFTSHELLS
Si OFF THE
Report Received That Ger
man Submarine is Operat
ing In Steamship Lane Be
tween New York and Eng
lish Ports.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
AN ATLANTIC PORT. Sept. 13.
Reports that an enemy submarine has
begun depredations in American
waters was brought here today by
two steamers which yesterday morn
ing picked up wireless "S. O. S."
calls indicating that a ship was being
shelled by a U-boat in the vicinity cf
Nantucket lightship.
Victim Not Known.
One ship receiving , the distress
calls was a Britsh freighter and the
other an American tanker. Both re
ported the 'scene of the attack as
about 60 miles east of Nantucket and
the time about 8 o'clock yesterday
morning. The identity of the sum
marine's victim was not learned by
either vessel, as far as is publicly
known.
Part of Name.
Accordign to the commander of the
British vessel, the messages received
by his wireless operator from the ship
said she was being shelled and report
ed her position, but only a part of her
name could be heard the word "Ab
by". which is the last name of several
ships iu Atlantic trade.
No Assistance Given.
Tha American tanker's captain con
firmed the British skipper's report
but added no details. Following the
new rule of the sea. established since
German submarine warfare begain.
neither vessel went t o the assistance
of the submarine's victim.
Reports Frequent.
Reports of the sighting of sub
marines or periscopes in American
waters have been frequent since tha
United States entered the war. but
the fact that in this case wireless
messages telling of an attack by shell
fire were picked up by two steam
ships gave today's report the color of
truth, in the opinion of shipping men.
Furthermore, the captain of a thrid
incoming vessel reported he had been
instructed to watch out for sub
marines in western Atlantic water.
It was realized, however, that is was
possible the messages were a hoax.
Is tSeamship Lane.
The place where the attack was re
ported is in the steamship lane of
trans-Atlantic ships calling at New
York and in the vicinity in which last
October the German U-boat, the U-51.
sank several ships but spared several
American vessels on account of the
United States not being at war wiht
Germany at the time.
No Confirmation.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 13. The
navy department tonight had no con
firmation of reports of a hostile sub
marine off the north Atlantic coast.
The only information it had was the
statement of a British merchant rap
tain t!at his ship had revived a "S.
O. S." call from another vessel say
ing she was attacked by a U-boat, as
forwarded by naval officers to whom
the captain reported. Naval stations
and patrol boats were instructed to
keep a close watch for any raider.
nl the absence of confirmation,
navy officers were inclined to think
the wireless call might have been a
hoax sent by some amateur operator.
county sheriff, summing up the three
months situation.
Americanism Tested
"Every good American here was call
ed upon to stand by Americanism or
turn against his country an dthey re
sponded n'obly. While I believe the
trouble is over permanently, I am no
prophet and if it should spring up
again we would act more quickly and
more effectively. We saw the situa
tion in the district neef'M immediate
action. I made up my mind I was do
ing right and stand ready to crb it again
if necessary. 1 had 1600 men with
me then and would have 5000 back
of me If It should be required agaln.
Sacrifice Made
"This trouble prevented me from
going to the second officers' training
camp when my life's dream was about
to be realized In the service of my
country. But I feel I did my duty in
remaining here and that I did my lit
tle bit for my country."
T
(Continued on Page Six.) TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 16, 1917.
HOW PAN-GERMAXS PLAXXKD TO DOMINATE TIIK WORLD
r
CLOSED ALL DAY MONDAY
ON ACCOUNT OF HOLIDA Y
Women Marvel Afresh at the Charm and Beauty of Our
New Autumn Suits, Dresses and Millinery
t- THE PAN-GERMAN PLAN OF tj
I PHESEHT OOMNIQN5 OP PRUSSIA fcilSSiifl
'f? INTENDED - " YJJJV'A
( jLz- GERMAAt SPHERES OP INFLUENCE SaSifeS
-"j-T, ' ' yr-. PRUSSIA OESL!TINIS STRATEGIC POiNT.S J-
.-"I-rwitw:r ir-" Pui; HFR cjmttol. of 'Fpegpcn crn:EscA5"-ry:
The German plans for a wold do-i The pan-German schemes, whose au-' standing: with their many dependencies ;
minion, for a German empire compris- thority Mr. Gardiner has confirmed in throughout Asia and Africa and witn !
ing the Teutonic empires. Turkey, ma German writln gs published 1915 .! the aid of inspired revolts Germany!
Asia Minor, Arabia, India, nAst of i
Africa, Greece, Ireland, two-thirds of were frmed hy Prussian statesmen at would soon have dominfon over every-,
South America, Mexico and Canada, a time when they attempted the an- thing from Northern Africa to Indo-1
are pointed out by W. H. Gardiner, a nihilation of Great Britain's armies 1 China. Persia and Afghanistan were
New" York engineer, in a pamphlet of when they endeavored t'o come to the to come in as vassal allies and through :
warning recently distributed by the aid of France. With France and '. them Mohammedan Turkestan was to .
American Defense society. Britain both crushed they would lose become a Teutonic sphere of influence. j
German RuthlessnessIts Cause;
Its Growth and Its Menace
Dr. Henry W. Farnam, head of economics of Yale Uni
versity, has written the most comprehensive and illuminating
analysis of the cause and growth of German Frightfulness yet
given to the world. "Be Bloody, Bold and Resolute", the
witches urged Mcbeth, if he was to win power, and this same
terrible advice seems to have fallen upon the willing ear of
ambitious Germany. It is of recent origin, springing up since
the Franco-Prussian war. It has been taught and fostered
and nurtured in the highest places of power and learning. Dr.
Farnam, studied in Germany both prior to and after the war
of 1870, and speaks with the authority of observation, per
sonal knowledge and study. His deductions are of the utter
most interest. He says:
the attainment of a moral end can
only be reached through immoral
means. Ke even went so far as to
say that the impulse of a youthful
statj. to destroy an old. and degener-
S. FLYER BAGS
TWELFTH VICTIM
r, S 'K s
Few people who talk of German ef
ficiency and of German ruthlessness
realize how relatively modern both of
these qualities are. I have had the
advantage of a personal acquaintance
with Germany extending over half a1 ate state stands higher than all max-
century, and can speak, therefore, ! ims of positive law.
from first hand knowledge. When-M" To Shakespeare for an Analogy
went to school in Heidelberg, in 1865, j It is difficult for one who has .
there was no Germany, in the politi- j known Germany as a resident, who
cal sense. Germany was a mere geo-Mias received such kindness and nos-(
graphical expression. The states which ' pitality from German friends, and who
now form the German empire had no appreciates the finer qualities of the
common government, no single mon-j German character, to reconcile his
etary standard, no uniform system ot t personal memories with the undis-.
weights and measures. We school-1 puted facts of recent history, and I
boys had to learn no les3 than three ! find myself obliged to resort to an
. : I v I v - U
TAX-',','. Z : J
mm
f- ofrjv': I
1 M
Lieut. Raoul Lufbery.
different systems of currency in or-' analogy for an explanation. We must
der to be able to' make our simple ! regard this war as a frightful tragedy, i
purchases at the shops, because we ' In most of the great tragedies of lit-.
were liable to receive change in any j erature we find some overpowering '
one of these three systems. When passion it may be love, it may be
the war of 1866. between Prussia and revenge, it may be jealousy, it may
its allies and Austria and its allies, ; be ambition, dominating the life and '
broke out, our sympathies were with actions of people with the power of ,
Austria, and we gave the troops of fate. The best parallel I can think .
the Grand Duchy of Baden, who were : of in literature to the tragedy of Ger
going off to fight the Prussians, the many is the tragedy of Macbeth,
kind of sendoff at the railway station' Shakespeare has given us here the ;
which were given to our troops at j picture of a man who was In every
the outbreak of the trouble on the : way successful in his career as a
Mexican border last year. In what soldier. He enjoyed the confidence;
seemed an amazingly short time the! and recognition of his king, and, far
Prussians returned from their victory! from being a brutal soldier, he was'
over Austria with oak leaves in their! described by his wife as being "too
helmets and were quartered upon the. full of the milk of human kindness."
town of Heidelberg. The following i But the witches poisoned his mind
year the' North German federation was by the suggestion of ambition. He
formed.' but it was not until the wan was hailed "Thane of Glarais," "Thane.
with France, which ended in 1871,1 of Cawdor," and "King that shalt.
that the German empire was formed. ' be.- and Lady Macbeth undertook to that t es not pay, and that can
and the South German states includ-l translate this prophecy into deeds, only be accomplished by defeat. In
td under a common executive and aThe first step was the murder or fcelpin to bring this about, the Un
common parliament. Even then little Duncan, and, as a part of it, the at- ted States must realize that it will
was heard of German ru blessness or' tempt by a lie to place the guilt upon be required to make a supreme sac
German efficiency. Duncan's own attendants. The first rifice. It will need not only all of its
"A Pleasant, Friendly Country" ; step having been taken, the next step physical and material resources, but
I visited both France and Germany inevitably followed in the murder of if niust exemplify the very highest
in the summer of 1871, having friends Banquo, and one atrocity led natur- moral qualities at the same time,
in both countries, and although Paris aly to another until the news was Discipline, self-restraint, courage and
had been besieged and captured by brought to Macduff; -Your castle Is tenacity must be shown, if we are to
the German forces, and although a surprised; your wife and babes sav- rd the worU of the plague which
part of eastern France was still oc- agely slaughter. Macbeth, however, n's philosophy has brought upon it
cupied by the Germau pending the still relied upon the prophecy of the cnd enable civlized man to again re
payment of the war indemnity, I heard evil spirits. "Bo bloody, bold and res- sunle nis progress in the direction of
no such complaints as have filled the olute; laugh to scorn the power of humanity, respect for treaty obliga
world with horror during the present man, for none of woman born shall ' l,ms and international decency,
war. The French did say that the harm Macbeth," and he followed the
Lieut Raoul Lufbery, premier
"ace" of the Lafayette escadrille, re
cently broueht down his twelfth Ger
man plane. He would have made it
thirteen had he not run short of am
munition. The Lafayette squadron,
according to report, is shortly to he
come a part'of the American expedi
tionary forces in France.
SUGAR LICENSED
Germans were fond of carrying off fatal advice until it led to his death.
keepsakes, particularly clocks, but I Parallel to Germany
cannot recall any charges of cruelty i The course o Germany in the pros- (i,y Review Leased Wire)
to women, children and non-combat- , cut war offers a' parallel to the trag- WASHINGTON, Sept. 15. By a
ants, or of wanton destruction of edy of Macbeth, which is almost star- presidential proclamation today the
works of art and monuments. tling in its details. The part played entire sugar industry in the United
Whcii I returned to Germany as a by the witches and by Ludy Macbeth States was placed under the food ad
student a lew years later I sat at the in the tragedy has been played by ministration ID be conducted under a
feet of a professor of lierlin who has . the professors ami the pan-German- license system which will control man
been much quoted of lute, aud may ists of modern Germany who have ufacture. distribution and Importation,
almost be said to liae been redis- ma'Je Germany believe that it was Stabilization of prices is the chief
covered by the reading public of the destined to be a world power. aim of the food administration in put
I'nited States since the outbreak of We must accept the German chal- ting the industry under license. It
the war. The doctrinu which Hein- ienge. if we would have peace. If we also hopes to control distribution and
lich von Treitschke taught ceutercl : were contending with an uncivilized ' thus prevent hoarding,
in the idea that the purpose of the people, we might ho'pe to gradually' Sugar syrups and molasses will
state is power, and that eveythius educate them to higher standards, but come under the same control as raw
must be suboidinated to this purpose, we are not. We are contending with and refined sugar.
I have heard Teitschke say that, if a philosophy of cientilie savagery
there was any mortal sin in politics, evolved by a people who. In their WINS BIG STAKES
a sin Egainst the Holy Ghost of poli- personal relations, are civilized, but ;
tics, it was weakness. He held that who collectively, acting as a state,; i.oriS VILIrlC. Sept.- 15. Eas;ern i !
when a slate has a choice between are under what seem to many a cioud. owned by Mrs. Ltila Long j
the moral and the immoral, it should tragic obsession. The only thing that Combs "of Kansas City, won the 1(.-
WE ANNOUNCE FOR TUESDAY a very unusual
showing of New Autumn Suits, Coats, Dresses and Mil
linery. And, additional arrivals coming in by express
every day. The New Fall Models are perfectly styled
and embody many clever details 6f workmanship and
finish that we know will appeal especially to "THE
FAIR" store Patrons.
WE ESPECIALLY invite you to visit our Women's
Garment Department knowing that you will be de
lighted with the new garments.
DONT YOU WANT TO KNOW what the best fash
ion authorities consider smartest in style, in weave, in
color ? The pleasantest way to acquire this information
is to pay "The Fair" store a visit next Tuesday.
THE QUESTION, "What are fashionable women to
wear this Fall? Is it plain tailored or fancy models
flaring colors and riovelty mixtures, or quaint unassum
ing effects." There's an answer to every question in
our stocks. There'll be no doubt after you have viewed
our displays.
Sit-ljV.'i.-rs.
v?.'.v y y.
UX-' f ' V -!0
4.
W )
The New A utumn Suits
Styles Supreme and Faultlessly Tailored
$25.00, $29.50, $35.00 to $65.00
1 1 i' 1
mm
mm
iW&hi
I
r
Closed Monday
on Account of
HOLIDA Y
Panne Velvet
Foremost
Among Fabrics for
Formal Dresses
$1.50
Yard
FABHK'S THAT SHOW a de p pile
will bo sought by fashionable won eii for
formal autumn frocks and costumes, this
will prove welcome news, for velvet H
the richest and most elegant of pile fab
rics. '
AND UK UK, at "The Fair" is the lurg
est and Ixst stock of low priced velveis
to be found in the southwest. We are
featuring for Tuesday' Belling Panne
Velvets. l.S-inches wide, in every color
that promises to bo favored for Fall, in
cluding t.'ie new Militarie Blue, Navy,
new sha!l"s of tfrown, Green and Gray,
as well as a full range of the more deli
cate colors.
It you -re planning to buy Velv ts. see
t!iee Tuesday at $1.50 a yard.
choose the moral, because good faitb will cure them of this obsession is a OQO world's championship sadule horse
ib a real power in politics, but often conclusive and overwhelming proof stake here tonight.
V
THE DASHING new Fall Suits we show will instantly delight women who would be well dressed.
They are chic, smart, individual, yet inexpensive. Possessing a freshness and differentness that at
once stamps them as NEW!
THE SUITS DISPLAY A GREAT DIVERSITY OF COLLAR STYLES; IT LOOKS
LIKE MAKERS TRIED TO SEE HOW MANY DIFFERENT KINDS THEY COULD
INVENT. THERE IS EVERYTHING FROM THE "THROW COLLAR TO THE
CAPE-LIKE COLLAR, "nicknamed" the SUBMARINE.
Probably the next most important thing is the length of the Jackets. They yarjr from several
inches above the knee to within an inch of the skirt hem. The bottom is often cut In uneven lengths.
The front and back panels are shorter than the sides, or the sides shorter than the front. Other
important style points are the pockets, pleated backs. Gibson pleats over the shoulder; bizarre look
ing pockets, enormous belt buckles in the front or behind, ultra-fancy buttons, soutache braid and
trimming of fur bands. Splendid assortments at
$25.00, $27.50, $29.50 and $32.50
These moderate prices still buy good suits at "The Fair" in spite of rising costs,
are velour, silvertone, serges, poplins.gabardines, broadcloth and tricotine.
The materials
One-Piece Frocks
The Mode
For Early Autumn
AND SO THE DESIGNERS of New
York have brought out the smartest
models in One-Piece Frocks why,
you'll be overjoyed at their practical
styles and their wonderful value.
-Of Navy Serge
Of course. And would yeu believe it they are
marked at prices ranging from $18.50 to $27.50.
FOR STREET WEAR, and shopping, for infor
mal afternoon occasions, smartly dressed women
will wear serge "NAVY" being the favorite col
or, with brown a close second. The charm of
youth Is in their every line. The waistline of
many is of the first Empire. Fullness is repress
ed, giving the straight silhouette Tailored and
semi-tailored models, designed for the well
rounded figure, as well as her smartly slender
sister. Oriental embroideries brighten many;
others finished with braid, buttons or fur Prices
range from $18.50 upwards to $27.50.
New Coats Ready
For Fall
Warm, DEEP-PILE Fabrics that defy whatever
winds may blow delightfully comfortable tor
Southern Arizona, where one revels in thin dress
es and bjouses the year round.
Just one of many of genuine Scotch Tweed in
a rich green mixture, positively swagger with its
dashing belt and huge pockets a large cape-like
collar ends the story. Many models, all beauties,
$13.50 to $85.00.
Fall Neckwear
Delightfully New
The woman who prides herself on being the
first to don the new. styles, will be glad to choose
New Neckwear from this splendid new shipment;
many new, novel effects are represented at reas
onable prices.
SEE THESE newest styles in Stocks and Jabots
of dainty lace and finest net. the large shawl, or
cane-like collars of Crepe de Chine, Georgette,
wash satin and bengaline, hemstitched and hand-embroidered.-
Smart, Dashing Autumn Millinery
Individual Hats for All Occasions
ONCE AGAIN DAME FASHION has contrived to awaken our wondering admirations by the vari
ety of exquisitely alluring effects manifest in the New Autumn Millinery.
THERE'S SUCH A DELIGHTFULLY. REFRESHING "DIFFERENTNESS" ABOUT
THEM; THE DEFT FINGERS OF SKILLED MILLINERY ARTISTS HAVE NEVER
YET ACHIEVED RESULTS SO BEWITCHING AND WONDERFUL.
We could devote this entire ad to news concerning the New Fall Millinery for Its simplicity,
beauty and smartness certainly deserve it FAILING, it wouldn't be a half bad idea for you to come
to this store Tuesday morning and get the news first hand. There's some mighty interesting fash
ion tips to pick up around and there's something new every day. Special groups and unusual val
ues at the moderate prices of $3.95, $4.95, $5.95 and Upwards.
Sale of Linoleums Tuesday Morning
Inlaid at
$1.65 Sq. yd.
A Quality
at 75c Sq. yd.
Many Patterns
ISO
I K.v. I
i m m w r:'i
v h
J-'-'
it
r. 1
AFTER MANY YEARS OF successful business in the retailing of Linoleums, it now becomes neces
sary for us to close out our vast stocks to make room for the showing of other goods, now very
much hampered for display space -and women wil not, forget thai the best qualities and
the largest variety of patterns have always been shown by this store.
REMEMBER. TOO. that Tuesday's sale will embrace the famous "ARMSTRONG" Linoleums, and
will stand the strain of constant service because they aie made of tested materials. In the most
desirable r.ixl artistic patterns; the accurate shading I" the result of scientific designing and skilled
workmanship. The heavy Inlaid Linoleums have been reduced to $1.65 per siuare-yard And the
Next Best grade, A Quality will be on sale at 75c per square yard. THREE
BASEBALL RESULTS
KEET BABY MURDER SUSPECTS TO BE PLACED OX TRIAL SOON
NATIONALS
AMERICANS
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 16, 1917.
(By Review Leased Wire)
Giants Add to Lead
BOSTON', Sept. 15. The wildness of
Pitchers Ragan and Allen of Cjsioii.
combined with the excellent work of
Sallee enabled New York to win to
day in the last game of the year be
tween the two ou:.;.
Boston will bt wninnu the terviics
of Kor.etchy for lha rem;i.i(ler of the
season, an X-ray r' t'ne first-bascnnin's
hand, taken today, showing several
6ii. all bones broka'.i.
Score By Innings R. H. E.
New York 020 210 000 5 10 0
Boston 010 000 000 1 6 3
Sallee and Rariden; Ragan, Allen
and Tragresser.
Cubs Trim Cards
CHICAGO, Sept. 15. Great fielding
by Schick and the pitching and field
ing of Hendry, enabled Chicago to
defeat St. Louis. " The Pocals hit Pack
ard opportunely and earned three of
their runs. Two walks and a single
saved the visitors from a shut-out.
Hendryx caught two runners at the
plate.
Score By Innings R. H. E.
St. Louis 000 000 010 1 7 1
Chicago 100 011 10 4 9 2
Packard and Snyder; Hendryx and
Wilson, Dilhoefer.
Reds Win One
CINCINNATI, Sept. 15 Cincinnati
won a heavy hit:ing contest from
Pittsburgh here today. The visitors
went into an early lead with Jacobs j
apparently holdiag Cincinnati well in
hand, but after tha first man up in
the third inning, Jacobs passed the
next batter and kicked himself out of;
the game on the fourth called ball, j
Grimes who succeeded him in the box,
was hit hard.
Score By Innings R. II. E.
Pittsburgh 010 200 120 6 14 1
Cincinnati 000 311 29 7 11 0
Jacobs, Grimes and Schmidt; K:ler
and Wingo.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
Divide Two Games
DETROIT, Sept. 13. Detroit and
Chicau'j split a : pcedy double-header
here today. The Tigers wjn the first
game, 4 to S, putting the winning run
across in the eighth inning. The sec
ond contest went 13 the While Sox. 2
to 1, and the deciding tally was scor
ed in the eighth. The first game was
played in one hour and thirty-two min
utes and the second contesc took but
I'jur minuies longer. ;
Detroit won through the steady
work of Dauss in the opening game.
The winning run was scored by Heil
inau, who oponed the eighth with a
single 'and tame borne when Burns
doubled down the third-base line.
Faber and Cunningham pitched
splendidly in the second contest. Bos- (
ton's victory t'.klay cut Chicago's lead
to 7 1-2 games.
First Game:
Score By Innings R. H. E.
Chicago 10:) 000 200 3 8 2
Detroit 000 001 21 4 10 3
Russell, Dant'orth and Schalk; Duuss
and Stanage.
Second Game:
Score By Innings R. H. E.
Chicago 100 0i0 010 2 4 1
Detroit 000 001 000 1 6 1
Faber and Schalk; Cunningham and
Spencer.
Brooklyn at Philadelphia, rain.
LEAGUE STANDINGS
(By Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO. Sept. 15. Standings,
eluding t'jday's game, are:
American
Won Lost
Chicago 93 48
Boston 83 53
Cleveland 77 63
Detroit 70 71
New York 66 72
Washington 65 71
St. Louis 52 89
Philadelphia 49 88
National
Won Lost
New York 89. 49
Philadelphia 76 59
St L'juis 75 66
Chicago 71 69
Cincinnati 70 70
Brooklyn 63 71
Boston 59 75
Pittsburgh 46 90
, in-
Pct.
.660
.610
.550
.497
.478
.478
.309
.385
ret.
.645
.563
.532
.507
.500
.470
.440
Boston Beats New York
NEW YORK, Sept. 15. Boston de
feated New York on Clark Griffith's
day. Ruth permitted only twj hits up
to the ninth inning and New York did
all its scoring after two were out In
that inning. Gainer was responsible for
five Boston runs, driving in three and
scoring two.
Score By Innings R. H. E.
Boston 000 204 002 8 12 0
New York 000 000 003 3 6 3
Ruth and Cdy; Ciillop, Shocker.
Vjnroe and Ruel.
& k m ? .... ... vhr A&&tk u&t$??m?t $Fi?r H
h y... ... : y - m ; m&j&A nvi
f
Above: Mrs. J. Holland Keet, the
i baby who was murdered and aban-,
! doned cistern where his body was
i found. Below: Cletus Adams, Dick,
, Carter and Claude PiersoL
j The trial of the suspected murder-
'ers of Baby Lloyd Keet, Springfield, :
"Mo., banker's son who was kidnaped ;
And then drowned in an abandoned ! pectg who wi1 pIaced on tria are Cletus Adams, a youth of the neigh
cistern in the neighborhood last June, Claude Piersol and Dick Carter. An jborhood who went with the Piersol
is set for September 10. The sus- i important witness at the trial will be 1 Adams crowd.
Athletics Beat Senators
WASHINGTON. Sept 15. Philadel
phia was unable to score on either
Harper or Johnson today and Wash
ington won bo;h games of a double
header. Harper held the visitors to
two hits in the opening c'ontest and
they made but six off Johnson. The
second game was the shortest of the
season here, requiring but an hour
and ten minutes.
First Game:
Score By Innings R. H. E.
Philadelphia ...000 000 000 0 2 3
Washington ....200 000 30 5 12 0
Noyes, Seit'old and Haley; Harper
and Ainsmith.
Second Game: j
Score By Innings R. H. E.
Philadelphia ...000 000 000 0 6 oj
Washington ....11200 00 4 9 tj
Schauer and Meyer; Johnson and j
Ainsmith.
Coast Results
At Portland R.H. E.
Los Angeles 3 8 1
Portland 1 7 1
Hogg and Bassler; Penner and
Fisher.
Second Game R. H. E.
Los Angeles 4 11 1
Portland 1 5 1
Seaton and Boles; Brenton and
Fisher.
The best proof of this is that they did
not seek to evade sen-Ice.
It will be a good thing to study this
list when we get pessimistic. What is
going on in New York is also hap
pening in Boston, in Chicago, in
PROMINENT SWEDE DIES
At San Francisco
Oakland
San Fiancist'j
Krattse and ilurray;
Stevens.
One of Sweden's uost widely k iown
dissenting churchmen and politicians. !
Paul Petter Waldenstrom, has just
died, in his 74th year. He was well
i Cleveland, wherever there are great (known in cerin religious circles in
numbers of foreigners who have be-: America, which he visited a number
come naturalized and who are fully of times as a student of the free
awake to what America means to churches and also as founder of the
them, their families and to future j Swedish Missionary association. He
! generations. '.received the degree of d'octor of the-
I America has been found worth fight-1 ology from Yale In 18S9.
R. H. E. ing for and worth dying for, if needs jre wa8 a forceful and ready orator
1 5 1 be- ( I and of unfailing wit and humor. Many
260 anecdotes are told by the press to il-
Oldhani and lnotrato his nnii kness of answer. To
I awuwu,i.w -w J "
a young student whj had ventured to
Tlirough our installing complete fac
tory equipment we are able to give you
better prices than have heretofore been
given in Bisbee.
MEN'S HALF SOLES $1.00
MEN'S HELLS 50c.
LADIES' HALF SOLES SOc.
LADIES' HEELS 30c ,
RUBBER HEELS 45c.
We not only give you better prices but
we give you the best of work.
Don't throw away your shoes because
you think they can't be fixed but bring
them to us and if they can be made to give
service, we will do it.
We pay return postage on shoes sent
us by mail.
Remember we handle the famous
NEOLIN soles that you have read about
ir. the national publications Also you
won't have to wait long for your work
when you bring it to the
Goodyear
Shoe Shop
(WHILE YOU WAIT)
Piione 818 Back of Y.V.CA. Allen Block
i
CELESTIAL VISITORS
At Los Angeles R.H.E.
Salt Lake 5 12 1
Vernon 4
Kirmayer, Schinkle, Hughes
Hannah; Mitchell and Simon.
It Is estimated by the People's. Home
Journal that one hundred million
and
Southern Association
At Little Rock: First game Little
Rock, 7; Chattanooga, 6.
Second game: (Seven innings by
agreement). Little Rock. 1; Chattanooga, 3.
At Atlanta, 7; Birmingham, 5.
At Memphis, 6: Nashville, 3.
At New Orleans, Mobile, p wet
grounds.
Cleveland Wins j
ST. LOl'IS. Sept. 15. Time'y hit j
ting, coupled with errors by Severed, j
Hale and Davenport and Groom's wild-,
ness, enanled Cleveland to win today s
game from St. Louis.
Score By Innings R. H. E.
Cleveland 021 011 000 5 12 0
St. Louis 100 100 011 4 10 4
Covele.kie, M'jrton, Wood and
O'Neill; Woven port. Groom, Wright
and Hale, Hartley.
Western League
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
American Association
At Columbus, 10; Minneapolis, 12.
At Toledo, 1: St. Paul. 7.
At Indianapolis, 2; Kansas City, 1.
At Louisville, 8; Milwaukee, 5.
1 FEHR S
LrT '-A & i k t W.J.
MM.
So subtle in flavor so
delightfully good and re
markably beneficial that
you v.ill always drink it.
Try Ambrosia to day!
mmmmm
,uitindivc Several
Kfi Til FEHR'S.
At hotels, reiturant, drug store,
grocery stores, fountains) and
wherever beverages are sold
Order !t by the case from your dealer
CENTRAL CONSUMERS COMPANY
4 bcarporstd
LOUISVILU
KENTUCKY
vr.ii 't--r.iv "-
i
C.TRAl.CONiuMti
."""""Utl iii nil
mi
At St. Joseph
' :Toln
St Joseph
9 3- shooting stars could be seen nightly !
if the sky were covered by tele
scopes having lenses of even ordinary
strength. Sometimes these erratic
visitors into ur sky realm appear in
thousands, seeming to radiate from a
single point. One sue,h notab'e snow
er of stars corruscated and blazed
from a sky center in the constellation
doubt the story of Balaam's ass, Wal
denstrom said:
"I have heard many a man talk like
an ass: why may not an ass at one
time talked like a man?"
Review Want Ads Bring Results
R. II. E.
3 11 2
East and Roher; Rose and Crosby.
(Thirteen innings),
2 13 2 1 Leo in 1833. In 1j32 this swarm or
At Des Moines R. H. E.
Omaha 0 7 3
Des Moines 6 14 0
McGuire and McGuire and Brottem;
Musser and Spahr.
At Wichita R. II. E.
Denver 1 5 .0
Wichita 3 11 0
Manser and Shestak; Lyons and
Dobbins.
shooting stars will ci'jss the earth's
orbit again. A shooting star first ap
pears at a height of about seventy
four miles, disappearing at an average
height of fifty miles. It travels at a
rate of twenty-five miles a second.
In addition to the meteors seen in
the mass with the naked eye, estimat
ed at not less than 146 billions a year, i
doubtless ten times this number pass
: as mere streaks 3t light across the'
j field of the observer's telescope. A .
meteor is usually not larger than a
pea or pebble. The friction caused by 1
its swift fall from space generates an ,
intense heat, which often consumes it'
before it reaches the earth. In this '
process of disintegration, dust is pro-
! duced, and this is scattered on the
earth's surface or distributed through
out space. Meteors add to the earth
yearly an amount of matter amounting
to fifty thousand tons. !
A connecting link between our
planet and the universe is the me
teroite. This is a metallic or stony
mnsR nf ernaler or less sizp which '
army the world has ever seen is un-; . , atmosuh(,re
At Joplin
Hutchinson
Joplin
(Twelve innings).
Wright and O'Brien; Hall
Moni'je.
R. H. E.
7 11 1
4 8 3
and .
THE MOST POLYGLOT ARMY
IN HISTORY OF WAR
It has been said the most polyglot
der General Sarrall, in the Balkans.
There are Frenchmen, Britons, Hin
dooes, Italians, Russians, Serbs, Al
banians and Greeks. There are' men
of different colors. There is a babel
of tongues.
with a brilliant glow, due to heat
caused by friction. In falling it some
times becomes imbedded in the earth's
surface. Its descent is accompanied
with a roar like a waterfall and very;
often by violent explosions. It is a
But this Sarrall army will be as I fragment 0f a much larger body which
nothing compared with the army ofjilas Deen destroyed or from which it
Uncle Sam. Here all the races of the j,as bec'jnie separated. A meteorite is j
worm win un-t-i un mi cuum " otten spoken or as a meteor, dui uiis
don the American uniform and light js incorrect,
under the American flag.
It is an army of sturdy young men.
whether native born
Americans all
or naturalized.
Just as a sample here are names
culled at random from a "list of those
found physically qualified, and who
made no exemption claims, in district
No. 154, New York city:
People Speak Well of Chamberlain's;
Tablets
"I have been selling Chamberlain's
Tablets for about two years and heard (
such good reports from my customers ,
that I concluded to give them a trial :
Giuseppe Vinenelolia, Edward Del- myself, and can say that I do not bo-
ehanty. Ernest Carreras. Emil Luns- Heve there is another preparation of
mann, Richard Tonjes, George Theo-; the kind equal to them." writes G. A. ;
baris. Sandole Alvarez. Aaron Fine- McBride, Heauford. Ont. it you are
MYERS, DARLING & HINTON CO.
Wholesale Distributors
10OK FOR THIS CTO'AN
?S? " NONE GENUINE WITHOUT
troubled with indigestion or constipa-
They will do :
Adv.
berg. Warner Tabb. Felix Servais,
Philip Malek. Trunk Yue Chen, Jimes tion Blve them a trial
Serrkes. Halim Azar. i ou K1-
Others might be added, but here In t
this brief choice are Americans of
Italian, Irish, German, Swedish, Greek,
Christian Science Society of Bisbee
holds service sin the Woman s Cl'fJ
French. Spanish, Russian Jewish. Ens- building on Quality Hill at 11:15 a. m.
lish. Hungarian. Croatian, Syrian and Wednesday. 7:45. Sunday School at
even Chinese origin. The melting pot 10:00. The public is welcome and invit
has caught them and fused them ano ed to cttoml. Subject for Sunday, Sp
made boys of Uncle Sam out of them, j tern 1C, Substance.
I
'
i If 4 If .
in I s
lib dk
II V I 1 11
i " l ill 1 1 i. m smm M iwwt
kbni in
i rv .ii if - m
In every layer of fabric, in every bit of
rubber permeating the entire casing!
No wonder Savage Tires average so
much greater mileage. '
Savage Tires are built to give mileage first, then
read comfort and complete satisfaction they are
not made to sell at a price. And yet Savages cost
no more than ordinary casings.
Sold through our own distributors. We put the
middleman's profit into extra quality "Heap big
mileage! " Watch for tha red Savage sign.
2 U SmZTi
ffasp big missgs!
THE WESTERN VULCANFING SHOP
Johnson Addition, Lowell, Ariz. FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 16, 1917.
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
i
Member of the Associated Press The Associated
Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication
of all news credited to it or not otherwise credited In
this paper and also the local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
axe also reserved.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
ffntared as Second Clasa Mall Matter at Blabea, Arizona.
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH $ -75
THREE MONTHS 2-25
SIX MONTHS 4 00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.60
STJNDAV (Cur Weekly) per year 2.50
oTTAT ,Our Weekly) per quarter 75
N Subscription Taken For Le Than 75 Cents.
PHONE NO. 39.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbe
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will Get one promptly by
Special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will con
sider It a favor if the irregularity of delivery la reported
to the Circulation Department. .The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Sunday Morning, September 16, 1917.
Today is the anniversiry of the festival of the Jewish
New Year. It is an anniversary that ante-dates by many
hundreds of years any holiday celebrated in this country.
It will be observed by an ancient race, noted for its de
voutness and holding the first place among peoples in
sacred history.
And now even the tail has ceased to wiggle. Last
movement noticable was Saturday evening. About the
last of them have come and gone. The end of a night
mare. Last trace of poison eliminated from an industrial
wound. Bisbee's bold stroke and unshaken nerve and
constant vigilance scored a clean cut knockout in the
fight against the I. W. W. serpent.
It is hard for the average plug citizen of these grand
little old United States to understand why he should pay
eleven cents for a loaf of bread with wheat fields and
bursting graneries all about him, and "Starving Belgium"
and France and England pay ten cents for a loaf twice as
big. It is true that the bread over there is not made
from pure wheat flour, but it is made from grain and is
palatable. If the American consumer is not the victim
of inflated prices during this war then he is having a
bdd dream. Boy, page Mr. Hoover.
From the very beginning of the World War the Ameri
can government has been too lenient with aliens and its
own citizens, who violated our neutrality up to our en
trance into the conflict, and since have been engaged
in active enmity and flagrant treachery to this country's
interests. Always we 2iave been too easy, too slow to
act, too lenient, too lax. And while there has been some
improvement in this regard recently, yet the government
is still far from efficient in its dealings with enemies
within its borders. Politics is responsible for most of
this. Petty politics. Officials, both executive and legis
lative, have catered to the German vote or played to the
grandstand or were accidents born to high place under
unnatural political circumstances. The government is
proverbially slow to act against traitors. It always has
been so. Politics pitchforks little men into high places
and a crisis shows their miserable weakness. Even
President Wilson, great statesman that he is, seems to
lack firmness in dealing with pernicious enemies at
home, although he has not lacked the skill and courage
to deal with those abroad since he entered the list3.
Traitors and alien enemies infest the" District of Colum
bia, German language pspers have boiled malignant
treason unchecked and uncensored. Mayor Thompson of
Chicago is a public and unhampered enemy of the gov
ernment, factory after factory was blown up by Prussian
agents, Prussian allies still go and come in public places
as spies, IT. S. senators and congressmen strut and talk
as thongh they were in (lie reichstag, peace societies and
sidewalk orators and socialists and anarchists and wob
blies and pacifists and other pro-German small fry of
every kind and descriptiui. have done all they wmsibly
cotild ail summer long to hamper and cripple this coun
try in the prosecutions of the war. Irately they hive
been checked to a certain degree. But the hand of re
pression for this horde has not been as heavy and as
stern as it should have been and as their offenses richly
warrant. Petty traitors, unchecked, grow to be danger
ous. Public traitors, leniently dealt with, soon attract a
swarm about them. THIS COUNTRY IS. AT WAR
THE FIGHT IS TO A FINISH. There are two classes
of people in this country right now, and only two. Th
great bulk of our people are loyal and patriotic, thank
God. But there are a few in every community whose
distorted minds or false hearts or wounded vanities or
anarchistic ego or German sympathies or bought-and-paid
for efforts are against America in her great and un
selfish war for humanity and the safety of the world from
a ruthless autocratic power. The men to whom we have
entrusted the safety and guidance of the government
owe it to the bulk of the people to qviickly and effectual
ly repress theSe enemies from within in order that en,
rules from without may be dealth with more successfully.
SUNDAY MORNING SERMON.
"And the seven angels that had the seven trumpets
prepared themselves to sound." Revelations, 8-7.
John, the apostle, on the storm swept isle of Patmos,
saw things no mortal eye has ever seen before or since.
Signs and portents passed before his wondering and rev
erent vision in a terrible procession; voices and prophecy
and mystic meaning sounded in his ears, now soft and
low, and now like the crash of colliding worlds. He set
down a little of what he saw and still less of what ho
heard. And of the little he did write, preachers and
philosophers, theologians and teachers have been argu
ing and debating and wondering over for two thousand
years.
The vision of the seven angels with the seven trum
pets stands out as the simplest and al.so the most mys
terious of all that John saw behind the veil while on this
immortal isle.
The first of these seven angels sounded its trumpet
and hail and fire descended uppn the earth.
The second angel blew and a burning mountain terri
fied the apostle.
The third angel blew and a great star fell from
Heaven and turned the waters of the earth to worm
wood. The fourth angel's blast darkened one-third of the sun.
The fifth angel's trumpet peal opened the pit of thu
Abyss.
The sixth angel's trumpet call summoned a plague.
The seventh angel ah. this angel did not raise the
trumpet to its lips and blow. But sume day, John de
clared, this shining presence sound that trumpet, and
its blast will proclaim the Truth to the world.
There were seven angels and six of them sounded
death and destruction, and the seventh angel made no
sound. Two thousand years have intervened since John
saw these celestial visiters and heard those ominous
blasts of doom, and still that seventh angel has not
raised that fateful trumphet to iti lips
What does the seventh trumpet portend? Surely r.
is something grand and good and full of hope. It must
be this, after all the bad that came from the brazen
throats of the preceeding six. After the tempest comYTh
the storm; after the dark the dawn; after the strife,
peace.
Fire, bitterness, destruction, darkness, depths, plague,
these were sown upon the earth by the six angels of
John's vision. What shall the seventh sow? Truth!
declared John. , Something spiritual. Something fair and
final.
John's vision was a symbol of our life in this world
day by day. Storm, drouth, war, sickness and death have
been the common portion of mankind ever since Ham,
Shem and Japhet landed from the ark. The six dark
angels of Envy, Malice, Covetousness, Violence, Selfish
ness and Unbelief blow their trumpeta of sorrow upon
the earth and we are nearly undone. But take heart, ye
pilgrims of the Long Trail, the seventh trumpet is yet
to sound!
"Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in
the morning.' Faith will overcome envy and withstand
violence and survive the pestilence and the storm. After
the long gropping in the dark and the doubt and the debts
of this frail flesh and the depths of the abyss and the
uncertainties and the tired, half blind eyes and the
bruised and weary feet will come the crash of that
seventh trumpet now in the hands of the motionless
angel, and the Truth will be revealed. A light will shine
that will drive all the shadows away forever. Not un
til then shall we know. ,
A little more patience with a brother, a little more
courage for the fight, a little more song in the silence,
a little more courage for the fight, a little more hope for
tomorrow. Six trumpets of trouble have been blown.
Alright. We are still here under the serene Heavens
and the shining stars. What if the earth does rock and
the air reek of poison and the abyss opened beneath our
feet? Our bodies may well tremble and be afraid, for
they are mortal to these foes. But our spirit should
never quail. It is immortal. The sixth trumpets were
not for it The seventh is reserved for the spirit.
Hardship, misfortune and humble circumstanres may
well mortify the flesh but each man's spirit will light
his life like a lamp if he will only keep it trimmed and
burning. The kindly, gentle, unselfish man is not daunt
ed by the six trumpets nor does he fear the sounding of
the seventh. The blast of Truth fro mthat last trumpet
will level the barriers and raise the low places of earth
and for a new alignment for the spirits of all the sons of
men in the spaces somewhere between the most distant
star and the skies.
The sound of the six trumpets is in our ears and we
are very much afraid, but wait! The seventh trumpet
is yet to blow. Surely Faith, Hope, Charity and Ive need
not fear to raise their sweet faces to the skies when its
notes do sound.
AS MAN TO MAN
i.i
A QUIET LITTLE MAN
WITH A GAME AND
CHEERFUL SMILE.
lie was knobbed and withered and
gray, was this little, rcund, thickset
man who entered the newspaper man's
office the o:her day. But he had a
pleasant smile and funny whiskers and
a comical sag to his siiVulders. "I'm
the man that was .-hot," he announced,
taking off his battered while hat and
bobbing has bead forward into a kind
of a bow.
And the evidence bore ou: the testi
mony. A bloodstained bandage e.
:ended back all the way across his
skull to c'jver the furrow made by the
bullet 'Mexican done U." went on
this strange caller with his stranger
method of introduction, and still smil
ing like the joke was on the Mex. "I'd
just wropped up his goods and I gue.is
that was the way he paid for 'em.
Pretty close call, don't you think?"
The newspaperman agreed with
him hearti'y, lo'jking with undisguised
interest at his caller.
"I generally gets along alright with
"em," continued the little man wl.h the
big bandage. "Been livin' at my little
store near Hereford for quite a spell
all alone with no weapon or nothtn'
like that. No one ever shot me before.
I try to treat every one nice."
"Are y'ou not afraid to live there
now?" asked the newspaper man.
"Afraid of what?" queried the
weather stained little man in innocent
wonder. "Why, I live there, atid sell
my goods and treat every one right.
Of course, I'm not afraid. Pretty tough
men come in there, but no one both
ered me except that Mex. He got
away, too. But that's alright. My
head will heal.
"Been a pretty g'ood year down my
way. Trees grown three foot this past
summer. I come to ask i-r more time
on your paper. I wan: it. Saw a aw
ful good story in there the other day.
Worth the price for a year any time.
Lots of automobile fellows stop at my
place for water. Always gijre it to
'em, day or night; cup of co!d water.
Believe to my soul that's one reason
I s:ay. It makes a feller feel good
to give a thirsty man a cup of water.
Don't you think s'o?"
The newspaper man most empha
tically did, and so told his visitor.
"Well, I must be a goin'." said the
smiling little man with the child's
voice and the bis boots. Don't fail
to send my paper."
He stumped away, this little old
man, whose gray hair had been plough
ed by a bullet that did not kill either
him 'or his courage or his smile. His
name is John F. Ash worth and he is
an optimist from the headwaters of
the Hopeful river. He still sells goods
to Mexicans, regardless of the fact
that one of them paid him with a bul
let. He still gives a cup of cold water
to pilgrims who stop at his place as
they pass, pjme men are braver th2n
he; many are not so brave. Some men
are doing more in this big old world;
many not so much.
1 every night, these two small, short,
swell, sweet little men kidding each
other over their wastline and their
lack of perpendicular inches. "Sniitty''
was always trying to get "Chef to
join the boy scouts, and "Chet" was
always doing the 'barber stunt over
, his friend the dwarf "who used to
, make twice the money in a sideshow
than he is making now." Both had a
happy grin and a merry heart and
many friends.
! But they are not so happy no.
They have been separated. "Chet is
i in the soldier camp at Naco in the
; rookies' tent with his arm swollen to
' twice it? natural size from serums
that every soldier must know before
i he can march and figl.t in fever in
fested lands for Uncle Sam. And
. "Smitty," minus his grin, walks alot-.
No one to roast; no one to roast bun.
His short friend has gone for a long
. time. Fate's most terrible blow. The
! hand that throws the dice of lit" 3 haa
; taken the "sebben" from the "'leb
i ben," and for "Chet" and "Smitty" it;
,is "craps' every time the bone stop
i rolling, and there is no more joy in
; playing the Great Game.
ilMONEYMAITERSj
We invite you to confer with any of our
Officers whenever we can be of service to
you in any matter pertaining to your
financial affairs.
Call in and meet our Officers.
Bank with us.
Poet's Corner
THERE IS NO DEATH.
PARTNERSHIP OF
"CHET" AND "SMITTY"
IS DISSOLVED.
In the final analysis of any movement, social, business
or otherwise, the puhlit? is the final judge and jury. Public
opinion is the court of both first and last resort in the
matter of laws, songs, books, dress, merchandising and
amusements. That Is, it is in republics, and most of the
world is republican todiy. S(f when the Bisbee merch
ants undertake to close their stores at six o'clock Sat
urday it is a thing the public, the master, the buyer and
the patron, must in the ond decide. If the public will
buy all its goods before six o'clock then the ( lerks and
merchants can enjoy Saturday night recreations along
with the rest of the workers. If the public is selfish and
wishes to put off its shopping to the last, then the six
o'clock closing Is a failure. The Review believes firmly
that the public is generally most generous and kind, in
spite of its faults, and that the six o'clock Saturday clos
ing has come to the district to stay.
Man men and things are joined to
gether in couples by the weiniewurst
link of custom or association or nec
essity or convenience or best results
or teamwork or just because. For
instance, "salt and pepper" are gener
ally spoken of in one sentence. "Tom
and Jerry" i3 another pair of Siamese
twins, and "thunder and lightning"
"Damcn and Pythias" and "knife and
fork" and "Adam and Eve" and "fair
and warmer" and ".Mutt and Jeff" ana
' cheese and crackers" and "seven and
"leven" and "halt" an' half" and "bis
and little casino" and "pick ana
shovel" and "ham and eggs" and
other couples that come in the lisi
of inseparables.
And there is still another, not
known so well, maybe, to the world
at large, bift known well to all within
the Warren District, and that is the
justly celebrated couplet, "Chet aud
Smitty."
For many moons this pair have
rambled, abreast and in tandem, hoss
and hoss, hand in hand, together up
and down this valley. They have ate,
drank, slept, quarreled, loved, lost and
won together, yea. they have even
sat with their girls on the same bench
under the same moonlight. But most
ly they have quarreled. Both are the
same size and the same height li.
which is to say that if "Chet" stood
on "Siuitty's head lie could hold up
his hand and reach to a point about
It) feet above the soles of "Smitty s
feet.
Kolunil, round and holy poly were
this pair of aces in the I'.ishee deck.
"Smitty" would enter the Coppot
Queen dining room and go up to the
table where "Chet" was destroying a
steak and say. "Anbody here seen
Chef?" Ant! then he would pretend
(o see his friend for the first time,
and apologize by saying. 'Hello, old
top. I didn't see yon. you were biding
behind the salt cellar."
And "diet" would come back at hiiu
the next night at the dance in War
ren by walking up to a group of jouiih
men and women of which "Smitty"
formed a part, aud turning to the sldb
and pretending to beat the bushes and
peer under them. Some one would
ask what he was looking for, and lib
w ould reply, "that In tie runt' "Smit
ty." And so if went on. every day and
There is no death! The stars go down
To rise upon some fairer shore;
And bright in heaven's jeweled crown.
They shine forever more.
There is no death! The dust we tread
Shall chatige beneath the summer
showers
To golden grain, or mellow fruit.
Or rainbow-tinted bowers.
The granite rocks disorganize
To feed the hanging moss they bear.
The leaves drink daily life,
Frcm out the viewless air.
There is no death! The leaves may
fall.
The flowers may fall and pass
away ;
They only wait through wintrjr hours
The coming of the May.
There is no death! An angel form
Walks o'er the eanh with silent
tread.
He bears our best-loved things away;
And then we tall them dead.
He leaves our hearts all desolate;
He plucks our fairest, sweetest
flowers.
Transported into bliss; they now
Adorn immortal bowers.
The bird-like voice, whose joyous
tones
Make glad these scenes of sin and
strife,
Sing3 now an everlasting song
Amid the tree of life.
And when he sees a smile too bright,
Or heart too pure for taint and vice
He bears it to that world of light.
To dwell in paradise.
Born unto that undying life.
They leave us but to come again;
With joy we welcome them the
sh me
Except in sin and pain.
And ever near us, though unseen.
The dear immortal spirits tread;
For all the boundless universe
Is lite there are no dead!
Sir Edward Bulwer-Lytton.
Wi ARE YOU WORKING WM
I
! m
! 1
for your money, and is your money working for you?
In later years you will want to be relieved of the hard
daily grind, and the sirest way is to start a savings ac
count now. Deposit a portion of your earnings regularly
and you can take life easier when you are not so active
as you are today.
L
m Of Fire Burning
Or Burglars-
Stealing your private papers and valuables whin
you shut the home up for the summer.
There's Absolute Safety for both when protected
by our modern vaults
Private safes rent for $500 and up yearly.
Think this over then see
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street
Will E. McKee. President
Bisbee. Arizona.
C. A. McDonald, Cashier
M. KEANE
High Class Tailor,
Airdome Theatre
Lowell, Arizona
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
i
ilL WATER
1
i lilt
HE A T
ING
A 6 g
....-.'i'iffi'
r-' 3
The process of heating water for domestic purposes has been rev
olutionized in the past few years through the introduction and
perfection of gas fired water heaters, until today it is no. longer a
a problem to secure an abundance of hot water quickly and econo
mically, in any dwelling, large or small.
Today, in the countless thousands of homes where gas f.red water heaters are in-
stalled, an abundance of hot water is availa ble for any purpose. By some types cf heat- $
L I l . .1 . .1 . t t . I .1 .! r t
ers me water is neaiea insianiiy at me turn or a raucei, Dy omers, witnin a rew min
utes after lighting the heaters, and all without labor, inconvenience or discomfort, and
at a reasonable cost for gas.
LET US SHOW YOU i
I Bisbee Improvement Co. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 16, 1917.
FIVE
GARDNER TELLS OF
MLIhLI
GOURIY SEAT
NO!
Increased Mining Production
and New Developments Be
ing Made.
A. H. Gardner of Tombstone was in
the city yestefBay on his way back to
the county seat from Douglas, where
he went to arrange for the transport,
ing of the 17th cavalry band to Tomli
y 6tone for the Red Cross dance that
was given in Tombstone last evening.
Ten machines went down to take the
band over, and they passed through
here during the afternoon Mr Gard
ner stated that the dance promised
to be an event of the season in Tomb
stone and that parties from all sec
tions of the county would be there.
Speaking of industrial conditions in
the Tombstone district Mr. Gardner
said that they were most excellent
More ore is being now shipped month,
ly from there than at any time during
the thirteen years of his residence in.
Cochise county. Five hundred tons cf
high grade concentrates were shipped
by the Bunker Hill company last
month and one hundred tons of tail
ings. Manganese is available in many
properties of the Tombstone district
and as there is a great and increasing
demand for this metal Tombstone
stands to see better results from her
mining activities in the future.
jAnother thing Mr. Gardner said to
The Review was that the road being
constructed between Eisbee and the
county seat mostly by convicted boot
leggers, is a fine piece of work and
when completed it will be a great help
to those who are called from the south
ern part of the county to the county
seat on court business.
"As the ships bearing the American troops entered
the harbor .... the time honored 'Are We Downheart
ed? No!' rang out sharp and clear in the morning nir
to the wondering ears of the French people that
thronged the docks." A recent dispatch.
SOCIETY
Over the shell-scarred roads of France
Splendid and gay they march along,
Eager the tan-clad hosts advance
Doing their bit to right the wrong;
Laughing their lips and bright their eyes,
On to "Death's rendezvous" they go
"Are we downhearted?" a comrade cries,
And they chorus a lusty "No!"
Swift goes their answer overseas;
Calming a gray-haired mother's fears;
Carried upward on autumn breeze
High in Heaven the Lord God hears;
Far in the night their courage sings
Loud in the ear of the eastward foe
"Are we downhearted?" the qestion rings.
Then, smashing and joyful, "No!"
Gamblers these who have never lest;
Ask not the price that they pay to win
The stakes are Life; they know the cost;
Fate, throw the die let play begin!
"Are 5rou downhearted V" Death has hurl'd
A whispering challenge, soft and low;
"Are we downhearted?" Around the world
Roars America's thundering "No!"
DOWELLTELLS OFWOHK
OF EXEMPTION BOARD
10 TUGSOK CLUB
i
BOYLE IS
CAUGHT WITH FIVE
CASES OF WHISKY
Wife Who Was
Scatters Tacks
Officers From
Them One
Punctured.
With Him
to Prevent
Overtaking
Motorcycle
The district exemption board is try
ing to prevent the sending of a man to
the front who should be at home, G. H. William Bovle, who has been mixed
Dowell, general manager of the Copper up in a number of bootlegging epiosdes,
(ki.r- Consolidated Mining comnanv. I is again in the clutches of the law. and
lifufa member of the district eyemption '.!
board, told the members of the Lunch
eon club yesterday noon.
G. S A. TO TIE
UP BAM WARREN
Rival Clubs Will Meet at the
Warren Ball Park This
Afternoon and Game
Promses to Be for Real
Blood.
this time has a charge of transporting
him and
This afternoon at 2:30 the Junc
tion Briggs team and the C. & A.
nine tie up for a game and a good
contest is expected. Both teams are
"If we make a mistake in exempting
a man," he said, "that can be correct
ed by calling the man up and reconsid
ering him. If we seed a man to the
front vt ho should not go, we would have
a hard time getting him back.
"The district exemption boar.d works
en'ireiy on the evidence in sworn affi
davits presented to it. Necessarily
these aifidavits must be taken at their
face value. We have no other course i
intoxicating liquors against
wilt have to answer to the superior in fairly good shape just at present,
court ior it. Late yesterday afternoon and inasmuch as the season is be
Depuiy Sheriffs Ivan Phillips and J. ginning to lag, the nine innings today
Eronk were at the Forest station on the i should be crammed full of world's
E. P. & S. W. looking for stray "Woo
blies" that had been getting off the
freight trains there and coming into
the district afoot. They saw a machine
series "pep."
But athletics in the district isn't
going to receive a vacation, for as
baseball is ushered out, football is
come up the Douglas road ana stari going 10 oe usnerea in. as mauer oi
down the old Bisb"e road toward Os- fact, football is already here. Dur
born. They gave chase and the man ing the past week the C. & A. team
j in the car speeded up and endeavored ! was organized, with X. O. Gallegher
to get away from them. This was not 1 as manager and C. Lgon the captain.
ism which was to be expected. Neces
sarily t'nerj was at first considerable
dilficulty in organizing a force, in show
ing it .what to do and the things that
were not to be done. This has all been
of information. aii A woman in the car, supposed to First practice was held Friday after-
1 know tnere nas been some critic , ,)e Bovle.s wife began to scatter tacks noon, and about twenty candidates for
in the road so that the officers' motor-, the team reported. Gallegher is well
cycles would pick them up. Phillips pleased with the prospects. It looks
managed to pick up a couple, but as if the 1917 team will be every bit
Bronk. who had watched the woman's! as good as the 1916 organization, and
tactions, took the other side of the road as the last year's crowd went through
accomplished and the work of Hie j and soon overhauled them. They were 'he entire season without tasting de-
boari is proceeding rapiciy. placed under arrest as thev had five feat, great things are expected from
"I have heard a great deal of the: aons of whiskey in tne ar They, the new suad.
Tucson Lunc heon club, although I tave brought to this city and the wo-
. - I .'n.. .
"o" "" -vuu -'"""iman allowed to go while Boyle was
pirit of co-operation which you have ,ocked up in the brancn county jail. He
I will be taken to Tombstone or else be
required to iurnisn a m.uuit iiona.
I Boyle at one time was in the whole-;
I sale business at Rodeo with L. A.1
shown in the things you have done for
your city. I wish that all the cities of
Arizona would have such an ortraniza
tion for the greater good of the com
munity. Brown of this city, but the partnership
Senator Claridge, who has become awas broken,
regular member of the club since the
district board arrived, led the applause
Tucson Star.
RESERVE BANK MAN
VISITS BISBEE IN
mm OF LOAN
No Humbug! !
Lift off Corns I
Doesn't hurt a bit to lift a
corn or callus off with finger.
BISBEE BI6I1 SCHOOL
DEFEATED BY SOLDIERS
For a few cents you car
got a small bottle of the
magic drug freezone re
cently discovered by a
Cincinnati man.
Just ask at any drug
The Bisbee High School were de
tested Saturday morning at Xaco by
! the First Arizona Infantry by a score,
I oi 13 to 0. The two teams put up a
I very good game for the first gamei
jof the season. The High boys were
! outweighed 15 pounds to the man, but
1 nevertheless showed good sand. The
! soldiers kicked off first a.id this was
returned by T. Page about 15 yards,
j After two or three fair gains on the
jpart of the High, the soldiers took,
the ball on a blocked pass and very
Commercial Club Wlil Boost
Next Liberty Loan of Three
Billion Dollars ' Pallas
Man Arranges for Co-Op-eration.
store for a small boltle. of. shortly kicked from the i!5-yard line,
freezone. Apply a few : visiliii returned, but Bisbee was soon
drops upon a tender, a h-! fr,.,.,i to kj,k- The second quarter
mg corn aim msiaiiiiy.
yes, imiiicffialeiy, all Mr-
less disappears and short-'
ly you will find the corn.
or callus so loose mat you
proved fatal to the High School. The
soldiers, af'er recovering the ball.
ook it over the line for two touch-
clowns, one winch they tailed to kick
lift it out. root and all,: a goal for.
ith the fingers. i tt r began.
Just thin! Not one hit I Coach l.urensoii. w ho played
cf pain before applying ' nugressive football. From this
Soon after the third quar-j
Hobbs was relieved by
very I
time
R. A. Lawder, assistant cashier of
the National Reserve bank in Dallas,
Texas, was in Bisbee yesterday rela
tive to the floating of the next Lib
erty loan, which will be for $3,000,
dOO.OOO. lie asked the ro-operation
of the Warren District Commercial
club in the matter of publicity and
advertising.' This work Tom Egan,
the club's new secretary, will handle
locally.
During his stay here Lawder com
mented on the excellent showing Ari
zona had made in the last" Liberty
au bond issue, the quota in Co
chise county was JTDfi.Ono, while $1.-
Perhaps the most auspicious offer
ing of Warren district society during
the coming week will be the una(
dinner given to the 270 drafted men
by the ladies of the city and district.
This affair will be staged at the Coun
try club Tuesday evening at 5:30
o'clock. The meal will be served In
person by the ladies who are spon
sor for the occasion.
All of the drafted men who win
leave on the following day will meet
at the Country club at or before the
appointed hour. Those who have no
other means of reaching the club
house can reach there by appearing
at the Bisbee Auto club at 5 o'clock
and automobiles will be on band to
transport them to the dinner.
.very enort win De maae to give
this contingent of drafted men the
best dinner obtainable. In the first
instance, the draft should have de
parted from Douglas . Owing to the
fact that a circus was appearing in
the Smelter City on the 19th, it was
necessary to change the plans first
agreed to.
Every drafted man who will leave
on September 19 is expected and
cordially invited to be present. The
ladies of Bisbee are in earnest in their
efforts to give them a farewell a
real good bye.
The home nursing class will have
ther first meeting next Tuesday, Sep
tember 18, at 7 p. m., at the Y. W.
C. A. Mrs. Jason, a Red Cross nurse,
will have charge of the meeting.
All who wish to enter the Chau
tauqua circle this year will report to
Mrs. Moyer at the Y. W. C. A. This
covers a period of four years' work
home readings under the Chautauqua
plan presents (1) a classical year.
followed (2) by one devoted to Great
Braitain; then (3) one for the United
States, and finally (4) one for the
modern continnent of Europe.
Four consecutive years of reading
lead to graduation. If, however, the
individual should choose to continue
longer, as many do, he may begin
again with an American year and will
find that it presents an entirely new
set of material.
Enrollment is for one year at a
time, and each year is worth while
entirely apart from any other.
Miss Katheryn Minton, daughter ot
Mr. and Mrs. D. C. Minton of War
ren, left yesterday for Tucson, where
she will enter the University of Ari
zona. Miss Minton formerly taught
Spanish at Henry Kendall college,
Tulsa. Okla. She has been spending
the summer months here.
Mrs. Blanch Lindquist and son left
last Wednesday for San Diego and
other California resorts, where they
will remain for several weeks on a
visit with friends.
The home of Mrs. E. W. Brittle of
Mason Hill was the scene of one of
the prettiest showers of the season
on Saturday atfernoon given in com
pliment to - Miss Dorothy Jacobs, a
popular bride-to-be. The living roon
was beautifully decorated in pink and
white carnations. The afternoon was
pleasantly and profitably spent in
sewing for the bride-elect.
Mrs. Robert Axtell is suending a few
days here on a visit to friends from
her home near Tombstone.
Miss Irene Bennett has returned to
hre home in Wilcox after spending
several days here on a visit to rela
tives and friends.
Captain G. H. Cassidy and family
have left Douglas for Camp Funston,
Kan., where the captain has been de;
tailed for service with the dental corps
at the camp hospital.
Mrs. W. U. Shaw and Miss Beatrice
Horton of Douglas are the guests for
a few days of Mrs. George Whaley in
Lowell.
Mr. and Mrs. M. E. Smith left last
week for Los Angeles, where they
will remain for a few months on a
visit to relatives and friends.
Miss Betty Ludford and Mrs. Nettie j
Gilson have returned from Tomb-:
stone, where they were the week-end
guests of Captain and Mrs. O. G. Mc-i
Schultz. Captain McSchultz has been!
in Tombstone looking niter certain!
interests there, but he and his wire!
are returning shortly to their home!
at The Rookery, Wormwood Schrubs, j
Islington. They will sail toward the
end of the month.
Miss Ludford and Mrs. Gilson bad
a charming time during their stay in
Tombstone enjoying the brilliant so
cial life in the county capital. They
both attended the military ball last
evening and they report a delightful
affair.
Y. W. C. A. NOTES
The September meeting of the board
of directors of the Young Women's
Christian association maks the open
ing of a year of advance work in the
Y. W. C. A. At this time Mrs. A. W.
Colton was elected office employment
secretary, giving her full time to this
phase of the work.
A girls' and extension secretary,
already employed, has been unable to
come owing to illness. However, an
other will be secured as soon as pos
sible to take up this most important
work. I
While the public Is busy with alli
manner of Red Cross work and wise- j .
ly so the association stands firmly;
for this policy, that even more im-;
portant is the caring for the girl, fos
tering her patriotism and loyalty and
helping her to fill capably some of the
many new positions open to her as
our men are called to the front. This
Is no time for retrenchment in local
work, but rather pushing iorward our
vanguard, and through our new sec
retary we hope to strengthen every
phase of the girls' department.
No travelers' aid work has ever
been regularly established, but with
definite understanding with the police,
and station officials this has been
fairly well accomplished. During the
past week one little girl of ten arriv
ing alone in the city was brought to
us and cared for until her mother
was located. Another day a young
girl of sixteen was brought to us
pending the arrival of relatives, who
were being located by the police.
We always stand ready day or night
to care for any woman or girl need
ing help, and very often are called
upon for this service.
One of the most successful parties
ever given at the Y. W. C. A. oc
curred on Friday night, when the
house girls entertained their young
women friends in a most unique
fashion.
Wednesday afternoon, September
19, will be "War' Council" day at the
association, when Mrs. Walter Doug
las and Miss Meyer will report of
the war work as taken up at the re
cent Y. W. C. A. conference at Asilo
mar, Cal. AU ladies Interested are
cordially Invited to be present.
Unlike England, we have no men
of leisure, but we have women of
leisure and they must be called upon
soon to fill these vacancies. At all
times women are ready to sacrifice
themselves, and now more than ever
at this time of the nation's crisis.
The local association will exert
every effort to meet these emergen
cies and earnestly requests the co
operation of every one to assist in
building up this department.
Socially things are beginning to
happen, both with girls and youn:?
women. The Owaissa Camp-hre girls
entertained the Adawanas and a few
other friends on Thursray evening.
Friday evening the Ashanti Camp-fire
met with Miss Helen Allison to learn
to knit, and Saturday the Adawanas
met with Miss Jean Waters.
Distinctive Jewelry
We have received a new, large stock of Jewelry of all kinds
Watches, Wrist Watches for men and women, Diamonds and most
anything you would desire in the line of Jewelry.
P oil lh Rend
EXPERT REPAIRING
WATCH INSPECTOR E. P. & S. W.
Lowell Jewelry
Shop
MAIN STREET
LOWELL
Have You Seen Our
New Fall Woolens?
You are sure missing a treat
if you don't come in and go
over our display while it is
complete. .Select the fabric
that you want for your Fall
Suit or Overcoat, have your
measure taken and we will
have the garment finished and
ready for you at any time that
you may desire or want them.
You Cannot
Duplicate
Our Fabrics Our Service
and our Tailoring.
Our large business has been
built on trial orders.
We would appreciate one
from you come see for your
self put us to a test we
will welcome the opportunity.
Perfect fit guaranteed.
Quality Tailors
(The House That Makes Good Clothes)
MAIN STREET
THE DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS
ITwill Pay You
iree.one or alterwarus
loesn't even irritate
surrounuitig skin.
LI I - I J "" ,,rn!! ,w''''n Cue toe,
vL Jalso Jiarleiied calluses on
Dotion. oi ' y T "'. lu "v ter and failed. The game was well;
and fall off without hurting a partus.;, i ..... ,,. . , , , .
n, , . i attended bv First Arizona rookies, i
It is almost magical. I.., . ' . , , . i
Ladies! Keep a tiny Imitle on vour : 1 "e Scho"1 ,eam rvts a re-!
dresser and never let a corn or callus j" P'"e ' a wek or so and al8;
3, he twice. 'expect to come back s'rong. 1
It j on the hoys became niw aggressive.!
'-'e ei-h r failed to score in this quar-J
Iter. Uishce started a series of end-i
runs and line plays that took the
'soldiers for a while, and were three
yards from scoring in the last quar-
57S.01I0 was subscribed. Graham coun
ty fell :;o.Oii() short, b'lt Greenlee
oversubscribed her quota $75,000. In
I'ina county this over-subscription
was over $S6.00o. Santa Cruz county
had a quota of SL'll.OoO. but the sub
scription was only $S4.00. Arizona
as o whole, said l.awder, had more
than done her part, and he firmly
expects that she will do equally as
well on the new loan.
Great Faith in Chamberlain's Colic
and Diarrhoea Remedy
"Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhoea
Remedy was used by my father about
a year ago when he had diarrhoea. It
relieved him immediately and by tak
ing three doses he was absolutely cur
ed. He has great faith in this rem
edy." writes Mrs. W. II. Williams,
Stanley, N. Y. Adv.
REVIEW
BRING
WANT ADS
RESULTS.
FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH.
Preaching and communion services.
It o'clock a. ni.
Subject, Muses as a Lender.
Miss Jeane Quiun will sing a solo.
A song by the army chorus choir,
Lowell.
Ilililc study. 10 o'clock a. in., L. T.
Krazier. sueptintendent.
Choir practice Wednesday evening.
7:43.
I'nion Endeavor services Sunday eve
ning. 6:30, led by L. T. Krazier.
Subject. A Christian's Power, Acts
1:1- S-S. Preaching 7:45 p. ui.
TO VISIT US BEFORE MAKING
YOUR FALL SELECTION
A well fitting suit is a joy forever. A woman always feels
"dressed" while she is wearing it.
We believe above all things in making the suit right No
garment leaves our shop that is not satisfactory.
Wc offer you the opportunity to obtain exclusiveness and
individual expression in Tailor Made Suits and Fancy Gar
ments. Through the creations of our expert designer from New
Ycrk we are in the position to give you valuable suggestions
regarding selection of your Tailor Made and Fancy Gar
ments. We keep a variety of the most Charming Fabrics of ex
quisite Weaves and Shades of the latest Paris, London and
New York- designers.
reasonable, woiKmansmp ana in
JPP
mMr
PiWir
I, &
w I
5Jur prices are
guaranteed.
very
RU IT MAN'S
ashionable Ladies Tailors
Hughes Block, Opposite Y. W. C. A.
Phone Black 798 SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 16, 1917.
ACTION OF COUNTY
IB
Local Board Giges Out In
formation Regarding Cases
Examined By, Them On
Recent Date.
The local Cochise county draft
board has taken the following action
as given below in cases that have
been called before them:
Claimed No Exemption or Discharge
Ben S. Tumlinson, Bisbee.
Savo Gojkovich, Bowie.
Harold E. Fennessee. Douglas.
Spior M. Sugich. Bisbee.
Thomas Campbell McNeill. Douglas.
Joe StuppI, Douglas.
O. W. Wolf. Bisbee.
Fenton Patrick Duffy, Bisbee.
Perry James Jack.
Nicholas Serteridis, Bisbee.
Ray Hoffman, ML Pleasant, Pa.
Clemens Linstrum, Douglas.
William Igo, Naco.
Arthur L. White, Bisbee.
Walter Currin, LowelL
Fred Anderson, Douglas.
Lloyd Felix Webb, Bisbee.
John Engle, El Paso, Tex.
Harry D. Midkiff, Lowell.
Seraphy Conz, Cartogo, Cal.
Simion Chase, Natchez, Miss.
Elmer Williams, Douglas.
Philip Dauth, Lowell.
Charles Bell, Liberal, Kan.
Panto Milovich, Lowell.
Gliso Chukovich, Bisbee.
Stephan Bias Pecellch, Bisbee.
Hubert D'Autremont, Warren.
Harold W. Thome, Bisbee.
Glen Allen Bouchey, Bisbee.
Henry Milton Smith, Douglas.
Walter A. Bates, Bisbee.
John Mitchell Housley, Douglas.
James D. Griffith, Lowell.
Thomas Hartwell Wilson, Bisbee.
Lemuel Amos Decker, San Simon.
Javo Marko Androvlch, Douglas.
Theodore Carl Bergqulst, Warren.
William Elbert Hurst, Lowell.
Carl Hill, Lowell.
Albert Miller, Douglas.
Louis Edward Ganong, Hereford.
James E. Taylor, Ft. Huachuca.
Louis Goinivich, Bisbee.
John W. Christian, Wilcox.
J. W. Parr Jr., Douglas.
Dave A. Sugich, Bisbee.
Robert Grace Callison, Miami.
Albert J. Putner, Lowell.
Conrad M. Leake, Douglas.
Samuel L. Thomasson, Troy, Mo.
Truman A. Cox, Douglas.
Kiah Robert Winstead, Lowell.
Del Terrebonne, Bisbee.
John Sheridan Harris. LowelL
John J. Smith, Bisbee.
Andrew B. King, Douglas.
Jason L. Frye, Bisbee.
James Hendrix, Lowell.
Tee Dee Fulghum, Willcox.
Ieo G. Wilson, Bisbee.
Jesse Jackson, Brownwcod, Tex.
Kasper White, Bowie.
John Charles White, Douglas.
Movak MaKzimovicta, Lowell.
Joseph Gordon Goodman, Bisbee.
Marion F. Cooper, Douglas.
James R. Davey, Bisbee.
Earl Monroe Ruby, Santa Rita,
N. M.
Frank Shelton, Lowell.
Conrad W. E. Zollern, LowelL
Lee Medigovich, Bisbee.
Marcus A. Bonardy.'El Frida.
Flinn Tulk, Bardico.
Roscoe Jordan, Douglas.
Dave Jovanovich, Bisbee.
Lester Harold Sands, Imperial, Cal,
Hiram I. Nance, Bisbee.
Mike Port, Bisbee.
Solt Hart, Douglas.
Moises Soto, Douglas.
Gojko G. Vuko'vich, LowelL
Vernon La More, Bisbee.
George M. Shilling, Dragoon.
Pete G. Fritz, Bisbee.
Joshua H. Shapard, Douglas.
Berry Gardner, Douglas.
John Frank Mohr, Bisbee.
Alva T. Cummins, San Simon.
Clarence Witter, Bisbee.
Reuben Naegle, Douglas.
Charles Francis McKay, Bisbee.
Robert M. Tyler Jr.. Webb.
Warren W. Hulse, Pearce.
William B. Hinton. Douglas.
Joe Weeks, Berdino.
Charles McDaniel Muse, Tucson.
Claude M. Wheeler, Douglas.
Reyes Burruel. Douglas.
Sam Adcock, Willcox.
George Cameron, Bisbee.
Victor B. Shoberg, Douglas.
Nels Theo Peterson. Bisbee.
Cleveland G. Smith, Naco.
William N. Wright, Douglas.
Carl Smith, Bisbee.
Ivan Vernon Miller, Willcox.
Harvey Lee Hawkins, Lowell.
Ben Edward Neeper, Bisbee.
Charles N. Shindled, Lowell.
John R. Armstrong. Lowell.
Emil Meisterhans, Lowell.
Pete Maddio, Coutrland.
Ralph Milton Smith, McNeal.
C. W. Hale. Douglas.
George W. Strain, Douglas.
Oswald Bryan Averitt, Lowell.
Hugh Haden, Los Vegas, Nev.
John Bonnow, Hereford.
Levi C. De Armond, Bisbee.
Elmer Kerby. Webb.
William G. Neaglt, Douglas.
Arthur Aimer Klrby, Webb.
James N. McKnight. Douglas.
William Allen Hawke, Pearce.
Edwin C. Hicks. Bisbee.
Lewis Lanford Collom, Bisbee.
Samuel Verran, Bisbee.
William S. Kisner. Flint. Mich.
John Gish Green, Calhoun. Ky.
Albert James Nelson. Monroe, Wis.
Frank L. Hughes, Tulsa. Okla.
Perry W. Johnson, Bowie.
Edwin Frank Mathews, Phoenix.
Harold L. Ran. Milkaukee, Wis.
Roy Webster Hester, Willcox.
William Edward Kaiser, McKees
port. Pa.
Virgil B. Carter, Deming, N. M.
(Columbus. N. M.)
Woodward Posey, Evansville, Ind.
V Thomas G. Green, Deming, N. M.
Sam Tyson. Bisbee. 0t
Murry A. Bateman, Bisbee.
Fred Dalmasso, Vernon, Tex.
John McCreary, Rockwood, Tex.
John R. Sheorn. Arden, Nev.
, James Patrick Conway, Safford.
t Oscar H. Green, Deming, N. M.
W. L. Beck. Bingham, Utah.
Merrill Henry Scott, Tucson.
Thomas McLain White, Leakey, Tex.
William M. Davidson, Santa Rosa,
Cal.
Edward P. O'Connell, Leadville,
Colo. '
Sam Max Hopkins, Deming, N. M.
Harry E. Turvey, Deming, N. M.
Martin T. Krakovic, Bisbee.
F. Brooks, Deming, N. M.
George E. Wiles, Leadville, Colo.
Grover Jack Stevens, El Paso, Tex.
Lee King, Douglas.
Leonard J. Ray, El Paso, Tex.
Claims Denied
Carl D. Farrar, Mesa.
Desmond E. Snowden, El Paso, Tex.
Domer A. Reitz.Racine, Wis.
Leo E. O. Ferguson, Sunnyside.
Walter J. Smith, Douglas.
Simmie Fields, Bisbee.
Ed C. Duchene, El Paso, Tex.
John Oscar Anderson, Bisbee.
Arthur James Brown, Courtland.
Charles Grant Seale, Medina, Tex.
Bonny C. Black, Douglas .
Arthur Clark Robb, Douglas.
Hoing Bing, Willcox.
Walter E. Cobb, Douglas.
Sam Setycichl, Douglas.
John Anguis, Bisbee.
John Romeyh, Pearce. t
Paul R. Collins, Douglas.
Palmer Key, Bisbee.
W. R. Marston, Bisbee.
Angel T. Arandulez, Cascabel.
R. B. Chase, Willcox.
Jean Bandizzan, Courtland.
Broos William Lee, Douglas.
Harry Herwitz, Chicago, I1L
Avery Enoch Sheerer, Bisbee.
William Elmer Watt, Bisbee.
Ben A. Burgess, Bisbee.
Billy Ryan, Bisbee.
Jose Moreno Wo, Benson.
Arthur Frederick McRae, Lowell.
William Sldebotbam, Clifton.
Ralph Edwin Tinker, Douglas.
John Addonetto, Bisbee.
William Fredrick Cowan, Bisbee.
Grover Silvester Smith, LowelL
Fred D. Lee, Warren.
Walter C. Bridwell, Douglas.
Claim Sustained
Owen W. Huish, Douglas.
John M .Samuel, Douglas.
Walker Monroe Rice, Servoss. .
Jack Wise, Lowell.
William Reed, Bowie .
Bert Robertson, Buena.
William Booth Burrows, Warren.
Gordon Lamed, Douglas.
Eduardo Ramirez, Douglas.
Walter Ell Kermode, Bisbee.
John Henry Wood, Lowell .
Emmett Miller; LowelL
George Henninger, Douglas.
Clyde Vernon Lisman, Bisbee.
Ben C. Reep, Bisbee.
George Edward Wright, Douglas.
Leo P. Steier, Bisbee.
John Moorhouse, Douglas.
William Walter Gibson, Gleeson.
Kelley W. Goff, Douglas.
Hyson Johnson, Douglas.
Morris C. Reislnger, El Paso, Tex.
Louis Jones, Bisbee.
Karl Best Thomas, Douglas.
Washington A. Hughes, Bisbee.
Charles W. Keirsey, Bisbee.
Alva Corley, Douglas.
Jerry J. Leake, Douglas.
John Benj. Saturley, Lowell.
Michael Haas, Warren.
Grover C. Osborn, Douglas.
William H. Cochran, Paradise.
Joseph Crouch, Warren.
Fran Tracey, Bisbee.
Ralph Waldo Wilson, Bisbee.
Frank E. Thomas, Bisbee.
Manuel Guerro, Pirtleville.
. Jac Franklin Dempsey, Bisbee.
Harry Albert Hayes, Bisbee.
Herbert W. Hoover, Douglas.
Martin Burrel Williams, Whitewa
ter. Charles W. Frost, Benson.
Michael Joseph Cosgrove, Warren.
Robert Rito Duke, Mascot .
Herbert Vivian, Bisbee.
Fred Ware, Douglas.
George C. Heller, Bisbee.
David H. Sabin. Pomeren.
Samuel F. Smith, Bisbee.
George D. Thompson, San Simon.
Harry Willim Wilcox, Buena.
Claude C. Maag .Benson.
Arthur Ewell Jameson, Douglas.
Walter Lee Aston, Garces.
Carl Walker, Bisbee.
Herbert Willys White, Douglas.
Joseph James Boyle, Lowell.
Lewis Bauer, Douglas.
Charles O. Matthews, Bisbee.
SCHOOL BOY NEAR DEATH
FORT COLLINS. CVlo.. Spt. lb.
Dwlght Fisher, a freshman, sustained
concussion of the brain in the annual
sack rush of the freshmen and sopho
mores o fthe State Agricultural col
lege here today. His condition in ser
ious. CALLS ON LINDMAN
STOCKHOLM. Sept. 15. American
Minister Nelson Morris called t the
foreign office today and conferred with
Foreign Minister Lindman on tbe lat
est Mexican disclosures.
I jn Sum, in wwfouAGsop MAT v Ww) -fj ' ovisoi;
4yW- .'NL lBt BACK -TOMORROW! I'tiPCMW J M r'tS-'
L$Ji''rf , V jiMMt s-f Bus- cwtut oufsioe or-r-e ' ) 3 1
ISit&Wfi' iWVVI JL HOUSE- I I
JJyCOv J I ruiT jf hs garags was I V0 jiy
' WCvW3. S"" I
TWtwHrMK. FATHIR5 . ' I Tj"" " " iVvSllit Kyt QSZZiiCL
Imsr mats, te- OFrcc Miiis. VDT.uf(a.tit Jc-jt yjjkv VTpir
.""i LfXt ' iMtcoes-roA (1 pi r-v) I Cer ',J-C
I '. "ill .TJJ txt sicmto au. I 1 fc amo -Tms MkvV X p-vJ
PR, "'"" 1,-rMg itunptit J sioxtof aii -re Vv 9 .fTl fz:
or' rrn 7 -
c iHEIes OURl
'W rw psv-i rubbsk -fc next pax whin . CrtEiSr
Tp: 1 11 -;VKi) N" s business UvRtHtR-i2?i) 7:'
1 0
AT
GIVEN BY LOYALTY
LEAGUE OF AMERICA
Soldiers and Civilians Attend
Spread Given By Naco
Organization In Honor of
the First Arizona Regiment
The Loyalty League of America
gave a banquet in Naco last night
for the men who had been drafted
from that city. Forty mc-nbers of
the league, mainly miners, attended
in a body from Bisbee. The banquet
was artistically served in a beautiful
ly decorated hall, and it was without
question the most elaborate
ever attempted at Naco.
affair
A long musical program was offered i
by local talent, augmented by several r
BANQUET
girted soldiers rrom the First lnrant-;ticai ana I nope t.ney wm De seuiea
ry- Seven toasts were responded to satisfactorialy and peaceably. We
Captain Hayes. Major Hedicke, Major; must think of re-organization at home
Coykenhall, Major Grinstead. Miles 1 and the conduct of the war."
Merill, Major Yount and Chaplain
Horene. Four of the men were pres
entin whose honor the banquet was
. . ....
souvenirs of the occasion by the worn-
en of Naco.
H. E. Berner acted as
toastmaster.
STAG" AFFAIR AT
y WEa ATTENDED
Big Ttime Staged By the Y.
M. C A. Athletic Events
Approved By All Present
The "stag" at the Y. M. C A. lart
night was most successful. The
ing Degan wun a unxing contest dc
tween Mr. Parrish and n piano, in
which the former won the popular
decision. Following thi3, Waldeckor.
the new boy secretary, wrestled with
the parallel bars much to the de-
Iipht of the onlookers. Then came ai
solo, "Arizona," sung by the "Y's"
old standby. Rancourt, and played by
the author, Mrs. Strincker. The Misses
Galusha and Edwards rendered an in
strumental duet.
Fancy tumbling started the athletic
portion of the program. Benton,
Krebs and Beyers did some highly ;
creditable work. The wrestling bouts!
were fast and furious, Webber and!
McAllister furnishing the first match.
and Strandberg and McFarland the
second. G. E. Kellogg then, inter-1
Korniloff Has
Been Arrested
(Continued From Page One.)
surrender of General Korniloff and;
the completion of the new cabinet.
Premier Kerensky was interviewed
by the Associated IVess. At present
the premier is facing the question of
the attitude of the parties of the Left
toward the. new ministery and the
Left's program toward the radical
poliitical measures which include the
abolition of the creation of a tempor
ary parliament and immediate pro
mulgation of tl.e future constitution.
'Premier Kerensky said:
Revolt At An End.
"Announce that the Korniloff ad
venture now is completely at an end
and there is no prospect whatever of
his adherents or of other parties at
tempting to revive it. Virtually all
'the chief movers in the revolt are in
our hands and the matter may be con-
sidered settled.
"Our immediate problems are poll- j
Problems Political.
Asked regarding the Hetman of the
cossacks. General Kaledines, who. i
will) me iorces on ine uun nas noi
vet Burrendered and who is reported
to be tempting a revolt, the premier
said:
Making Trouble.
"Kaledines is still at large and
making trouble, but I hope this inci
dent will soon come to an end. If
not, the provisional government have
the means and the will to end it.
Devoted to Revolution.
"Kaledines niHy have a considerable
number of adherents among cossack
officers, but he and they in no way
represent the rank and file of cos
sacks who are very democratic and
entirely devoted to the revolution and
the provisional government. In proof
of this I have just had here a deputa
tion from the cossack council whlc.n
eveii-expressp(, absolute
devotion to the!
new cabinet.
Blessing In Disguise.
"It is impossible yet to analyze the
full import of Kornilofrs rebellion,
but if in some respects it is a great
misfortune, it may prove to be a bless
ing in disguise, necause it snows uir
j strength of the provisional govern
Inient and the, revolution."
rupted the program
with a Dutch
monologue that was enthusiastically
received. Lundie and Dolly and Mf-
Farland and Mauch staged two speedy
boxing bouts, and then the movies of;ed
the Oans-Nclsnn fluht were shown.
Punch was rerved during the even-
ing, and Secretary Richardson acted
as master of ceremonies.
-3,
Seriousnesslof EE
Situation Known
(Continued From Page One)
faith and a desire to maintain absolute
neutrality.
DENIES PRO-GERMANISM
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 15. Dr.
Alex Nordvall, special diplomatic en
voy from Sweden to the United States,
speaking at the national conference on
world's rood supply, before the Ameri
can Acodemy of Political and Social
Science, denied Sweden has failed to
adhere to neutrality. Referring to the
recent exposure of German trickery in
the Argentine Republic. Dr. Nordvall
refuted charges that Sweden is pro
German. Must Hold Neutrality
"Sweden seeks her political Ideas in
other ways than does Germany," he
said. "Sweden must retain her neu
trality if she is to continue an inde
pendent government."
Import of Grain
Dr. Nordvall sai;l that Sweden must
import twelve million bushels of grain
or starve, asserting there is little ex
port trade between Sweden and Ger-
mnnv at nroRpnt In this AmArcpnrv
he gai(, Swpden lrusts to the rnited
. . . ... ,
Dr. Nordvall spoke on the general
theme of "Fo'Jd for the Neutrals."
Ishii Spaks
Greater sacrifices are demanded of
the Japanese than any other ally in
the world war. in the opinion of Vis
count Ishii. ambassador of Japan, fm
a special mission to this country, prin
cipal speaker at the concluding session
tonight.
Japan Smalt
"Japan's entire area Is considerably
smaller than that of the state of
Texas." he said. "This alone must
open to you a field for consideration
of Japan and a ready answer whne you
are asked why Japan does not con
tribute more to the war In Eui'jpe.
Frugality Made Credit
"Our credit has been created by a
frugality of living and a sacrifice of
the individual. We are endeavoring
to conserve that credit so as to en
sure our Independence."
REPLY UNFAVORABLE
fT!v Review Teased Wirei.
BT'ENOS AIRES. Sept. 15. From
an authoritative source It Is learned
that the reply of the German govern
ment to Argentina's demnnd P-r an
explanntion of Count I.uxburg's action
)n sending secret code niessaces to
Rorlln thrush the Swedish legation
has been received here. It Is indicat-i
that the reply probably Is unfavor-.
able. The Arcentine foreign minister!
does not deny that the Germnn answer '
has been received, although he refuses
to admit the fact.
r
The
Shoninger
Pianos
In 1S"' Bernard Shoninger founded the business which today
places before you this wonderful piano. The SHONINGER, which,
now, for over sixty-five years has stood for QUALITY in the musical
world.
It has been the constant aim and easnest effort of three genera
tions of the same family to increase the prestige of the instruments
bearing that celebrated name. The SHONINGER.
The success with which their efforts have been crowned has
never been more gratifying than that which is today accorded to the
product of their large and complete factories. Not oaly has it been
their aim to manufacture an Instrument of the highest quality, but
to do so at a cost which should make it possible for all true music
lovers to possess one of these beautiful pianos.
To produce QL'ALITY a certain cost is necessary a greater cost
can give no more satisfaction musically; a less cost cannot produce
that essential quality that makes the purchaser the happy and life
long friend of the manufacturer. These instruments contain thai
essential quality. Tone, touch, design, finish, and last, but far from
least, durability; all are embodied in their highest degree.
TONE is the quality which is the greatest factor in distinguish
ing the truly artistic instrument from the many inferior products
on the market. It is the very soul of the instrument, and its perfec
tion is the labor of love and skill of the master artisan.
TOUCH is the quality which Is governed by the action of the
Instrument. This must be sensitive to the every thought and feel
ing of the performer and can only be obtained by first having an
action so designed and proportioned to meet these requirements; and
second by its being so regulated and adjusted in every finest detail
as to respond to the mood as the fingers touch the keys.
Shoninger
Player
Pianos
have met with most gratifying success, being a combination of our
very highest art of construction in piano making and that of a
pneumanic player action sensitive to the every feeling of the per
former. By this beautiful instrument it hf possible for anyoiie to
play with the greatest satisfaction. -- . -: i - r
SOME OF THE SCHOOLS, ACADEMIES AND INSTITUTIONS
USING AND ENDORSING THE SHONINGER PIANO:
Artesia Public School
Duarte Public School
Kern County Labor Council
Berkeley Parlor, No. 200.
Central Christian Church
Christian Science Society
Methodist Church. South
Daisy Avenue School
High School
Boyle Heights Christian Church
Pico Heights Congregational Church
South Park Baptist Church
Los Angeles Conservatory of Music and Art
Order of Eastern Star
Daughters of Liberty. Puritan Council
Fraternal Order of Eagles
Taylor Opera House
Empress Theatre
Concordia Theatre
Grosvenordale Academy
St. Joseph's Academy
Washington Street School
Wilson Street School
Seraian Lutheran School
Methodist Episcopal Church '
Convent of the Visitation
Holy Cross Academy
Convent Sacred Heart of Mary
Convent Aloysuis
St. Cecelia's Academy
A. S. E. Fraternity
Lyric Theatre
South Broad Street Presbyterian Church
University of Illinois (two Shoningers)
Crawford's School of Music
Osborn Hall and Episcopal Guild Rooms
Oak Ridge Public School
Douglas Public School
St. Francis Academy
Prairie Hope Church
Pythian Sisters
Mills and Hupp Conservatory
Eureka Central School Association
Newcomb College
I. O. O. F.. Manchester Unity IJdge
St. Michael's Episcopal Church (two Shoningersl, Marblehead. Mas
Notre Dame Convent St. Louis. Mo.
Nebraska Wesleyan University University Place, Neh
College of Music Jersey City, N. J.
Ballenbach's Conservatory of Music New York. N. Y.
St. Catherine's Academy (Sisters of Mercy) New York. N. Y.
Alpha Sigma Phi. State University Madison. Wis.
Wisconsin Conservatory of Music Wilwaukee. Wis.
JUST RECEIVED A HALF CAR LOAD CALL AND SEE THEM.
W. R. CARLTON
Reynolds Music Store
Next to Angius
Artesia. Ca.
Duarte. Cal.
Bakersfield. CaL
Berkeley. Cal.
Glendale. Cal.
Huntington Beach. CaL
Long Beach. Cal.
Long Beach. Cal.
Long Beach. Cal.
Los Angeles. Ca!.
Los Angeles. Cal.
Los Angeles. Cal.
Los Angeles CHL
Los Angeles, Cal.
Bethel. Conn.
Danbury. Conn.
Danbury. Conn.
Danbury. Conn.
Cordovia. Conn.
Grosvenordale. Conn.
Hartford, Conn.
Hartford, Conn.
Hartford. Conn.
Naugatuck. Conn.
Naugatuck. Conn.
Georgetown. D. C.
Washington. D. C.
Washington. D. C.
Washington. D. C.
Washington. D. C.
' Washington. D. C.
Washington. D. C.
Rome. Ga
Champaign. I!L
Champaign. I!L
Champaign. !!.
Chicago, I1L
Chicago. I!L
Joilet. UL
Mayview, I1L
Mansfield. 1!L
Streator. Til.'
Cinclaire. La.
New Orleans. Ijl
Bevely. Mass.
Main Street THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 16, 1917.
SEVEN
1
I
i
5
I
'-
I
.i
J!
H
t
i
3
-1
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under this head
Issue, with a minimum charge of 25
Review office not later than 8 p.m.
Wanted
WANTED Five bright, capable la
dies to travel, demonstrate and sell
dealers. $25 to $50 per week. Rail
road fare paid. Goodrich Drug
Company, Dept. 131, Omaha, Neb.
156
WANTED TO BUY Dresser, kitchen
cabinet, side board, rug, washstand
and bed. Address P. O. Box 2231.
310
WANTED A Nto. 1 mechanic. Mo
Arthur Bros, Douglas, Arizona.
mi
HELP WANTED Applications for
"Review" routes asked for from
WIDE AWAKE boys between 13 ana
16 years old. 126
WANTED Telegraphers, stenograph
ers, bookkeepers; students earn
board, room tuition. Mackay Busi
ness College, Los Angeles. 789
THE Government needs Farmers as
well as Fighters. Two million three
hundred thousand acres of Oregon ft
California Railroad Co. Grant Lands.
Title -revesting in United States. To
be opened for homesteads and sale.
Containing some of best land left in
United States. Large Copyrighted
Map, showing land by sections and
description of soil, climate, rainfall,
elevations, temperature, etc, post
paid One Dollar. Grant Lands Lo
cating Co, Portland, Oregon. 507
WANTED Good kitchen man. Cop
per Queen Hotel. 191
WANTED Work by practical nurse.
Phone 661 or call at 21 Tombstone
Canyon, across from Castle Rock
Studio. 271
WANTED Competent woman for
general housework. J. P. Connolly,
, Quarry Canyon. 244
WANTED Teacher for two small
children on ranch. Box 1263, Bis
bee, Ariz. 276
COMPETENT WOMAN to keep house
and care for two children, good
home and small salary. Mrs. Argyle,
back of Doyle House. 288
WANTED Boarders and lOomers, 21
and 21 1-2 Cowan ridge. Half way
between new school house and Cen
tral theater, Lowell. 290
SALESMEN We Have a real up-to-date
pocket side line, paying $5.00
per order. Especially good for small
towns. Commission paid the same
day the customer acknowledges re
ceipt of goods. Pioneer Novelty Co.,
' 1306 Wells St., Chicago, 111. 320
SIDE LINE MEN Do you want a real
one that one order a day will pay
you $9.00? No samples to carry.
Something new. Write today. Can
field Mfg. Co., 208 Sigel St, Chi
cago, III. 319
SALESMAN For general mercantile
trade in Arizona, to sell a new prop
osition of merit. Attractive commis
sion contract for baU year and '18.
$35.00 weekly for expenses. Miles
B. Bixler Co, Wholesale Jewelers.
737 Carlin Bldg, Cleveland, O. 318
TAILORING AGENTS Sell men's
suits made to order. Cheapest and
best line made. Can sell every man
you see. Large sample outfit free.
Leeds Woolen Mills, Chicago. 3171
A MAN WANTED A reliable man to !
talk to Ford Owners about the new j
starting device. $5 per day. Par-:
ticulars free. A:nerican Steel Sup-J
ply Co, 726 Penobscot Bldg, De-!
troit. 322 '
r .
r t m M 1 S- 1 w
ALLEN BLOCK
Real Estate and Insurance
Now is the time to buy
See me for Bargains.
Agent for reliable Insur
ance Companies.
List Vflur nronertv with mm
V .
PETEY DINK So Petey Signalled His Distress.
at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
cents. Advertisements must reach Th
for Insertion in the next morning paper
Wanted
WANTED A teamster in Don Luis,
to haul ore; also a blacksmith and
a carpenter. O. E. Franklin, Don
Luis. 385
WANTED Girl for general house
work. Call Central Pharmacy. 295
I'VE A NEW LINE of soap, extracts. I
toilet goods, perfumes, etc, fori
agents. 100 per cent profit. Sam-1
pie free. Write quick. Lacassian
Co, Dept. 60, St. Louis, Mo. 321 ;
WANTED First-class stenographer, J
temporary position. Inquire Loyalty
League. Phone 454. 359
WANTED Position as practical
nurse. Phone Blue 834. 368
WANTED Position by young man,
six years' experience as bookkeeper
and office man. A No. 1 references.
Address.'P. O. Box 2119, Bisbee, Ari
zone. 328
For Sale.
FOR SALE Good second hand 5 pas-i
senger Velie; first class condition.;
Slag Dump Gara&e.
279
FOR SALE Rooming house; good lo
cation. P. D, Review. 1S6
FOR SALE 4-rocm house with bath,
Warren. Call at Brophy blacksmith
shop, LowelL 934
FOR SALE: San Jose Rooming house
price $2,000, half down, other easy
terms. One block east ol depot,
Naco Road. See G. W. King. 198
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS, with bath.
No. 5 Quality Hill. No children. 313
FOR SALE 17-room house, furnished
fine, location near City Park. 120
Opera Drive. 945
FOR SALE Graded lot water and
sewage connection. M climb, near
car line. Beautiful location. Tomb
stone Canyon. Box 641 CUy 202
HOUSE BARGAIN 3-room house to
be moved from rear of Hood &
Bledsoe garage, Johnson Addition.
Sell cheap to party who will nioe
it. Phone 686 or Hood & Bledsoe.
208
FOR SALE Cheap, furniture 'of seven-room
house, some terms; house
for rent reasonable. Inquire at the
Mason hotel, Lowell, Ariz. 251
FOR SALE: 8-room new house and
furniture, yard fenced, good loca
tion. Bakerville. Will sell at a bar
gain. Party going to war. Appl
M. C. High! 20
FOR SALE, CHEAP Furniture, three
rcjms; four-room bouse with bath;
can be rented cheap. X. X, Review.
201
FOR SALE International pool hal!
and barber shop. Come see Prop.
Lowell, Ariz. 265
FOR SALE Old papers at Review
office. 25c bundle 1U0 papers.
j 79'
FOR SALE 5-passenger Oakland; i
bargain. Slag Dump Garage. 27.
i FOR SALE: Few more desirable loU
j easy payments; also houses to ren
j Mrs. Win wood, Winwood AdditlOi
I P
FOR SALE 1917 model 5-pasiengt
Overland; a genuine bargain. Ca:
at Slag Dump Garage. 2o
FOR SALE 1 7-passenger 1916 Buicl
touring car; in first class condition
. Apply to J. P. Hodgson at residence
76:
FOR SALE Bargain in Studebaker
automobile, six cylinder, almost like
new, used afjut 12 months, onlj
$800.00. One-half cash and balance
$50.00 per month if sold today o:
Monday. Inquire of W. B. Living
ston, just north of Dr. Shine's resi
dence. Warren, Arizona. 380
WELL MACHINE FOR SALE Com
bined boring and drilling rig. Proved
to be best for work in the valley.
Closing out to move away. F. L.
Holt. McNeal, Ariz. 327
st?z.) yj i ? l ,p'
'rII -rLV- I
For Sale
FOR SALE! 160 acres, stock, farming
tools, good crop. Everything cneap.
Going east Inquire of P. M, Stark.
Ariz. 297
FOR SALE: Dodge touring car, in fine
condition. Long Trail Garage, Lo
well. 314
FOR SALE Cheap, five-room house
and furniture; two lots, 38 fruit
trees. All fenced. B. H. Brooking.
64 Laundry Hill. 239
FRESH, RIPE TOMATOES, for can
ning, 5c per pound, at my ranch near
Naco. Will deliver if quantity is
ordered. Chase L. Purdy. 300
WE HAVE a big slock of new and
second hand household goods, stoves,
beds, springs, etc. Selling out at
cost entire stock. Sale will open
' ;he 20th of Sept, 1917. Call and
see us. Chris Heikkinen Furniture
Store, JohmOn Add. 323
FARM FOR SALE 115 acres, on the
central highway, 4 miles N.W. from
McNeal pumping plant, yielding 200
gals, per min.; also windmill and
pump, farm implements, 2 horses, 2
mares, 3 colts, 3 cows, 3 calves.
Rural free delivery and telephone.
Closing out to move away. F. L.
Holt. McNeal, Ariz. 326
FOR SALE 12 acres Valencia or
anges, Orange county, Cal. Abso
lutely frostless. Immediate income.
Sold 1000 boxes jff trees this sea
son. Will sell all or part. $1500 per
acre. Terms. J. Davis, 8 Kruger
Flats, Warren. 185
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE In
come property in Los Angeles, for
property or business in Warren dis
trict. Box 3843, Lowell. 296
FOR SALE Six-room, modern house,
in Warren, on Vista boulevard. Mrs.
J. Butler. 382
FOR SALE One lot on Mason Hill.
Address, G. V, care Review. 329
FOR SALE: Modern 6-room house.
Large lot. Address, P. O. Box 1111.
330
FOR SALE OR TRADE For car,
Storey & Clark piano, only used 3
months. Will take half cash price.
Metz Stop Grocery, Tombstone Can
yon. 332
FOR SALE Two desirable lo;s for
building good locality. Price very
reasonable. Tombstone Canyon. Ad
dress, Miller Hill, east of water tank.
334
?OR SALE Group of seven mining
claims, about 2 miles from Bisbee
P. O. Has copper with gold and sil
ver values developed in several
places on and near the surface. Ad
dress, P. O. Box 403, Bisbee, Ari
zona. No agents. 366
TOR SALE 4-rooai furnished house.
55 Oregon St, Johnston Add. 371
AJR SALE 4-room house, large glass
porch with cement walk around
house. 41 O. K. Trail. 372
.'"OR SALE Thoroughbred grey
hound puppies, cheap. Block east
C. & A. office. Joe Ruminey. 37
Furnished Roorrt
'OR RENT Two furnished rooms
for housekeeping or batching. Lights
and water, $11. Apply at 67 Upper
Lowell. 135
'OR RENT Nice furnished room
cheap. Williams car stop, end ol
car line. Tombstone Canyon. 100
OR RENT Furnisned room, $6 pc.
month. Doyle House. 60.'
'OR RENT One room suitable foi
two gentlemen. Apply after 1 o'clock
63 O. K. St. i
'OR RENT 2 furnished rooms suit
able for 4 men. Alia Vista on Ttm
by Ave, back of K. C. Hall. 753
iOLDEN HOTEL Outside window:
and running water in all rooms
Rates reasonable, by the day, week
Xr month. 58!
e
OR RENT 2 large, light housekeep
ing rooms, gas, light and water.
161-2 Tate Hill, Johnson; Add. 381
X)R RENT 2 nicely furnished house
keeping rooms, cheap. 113 A, Du
bacher canyon, second house from
St. . 298
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Furnished lOoms, green'
house on hill at Metz Stop. J. E. !
Cain. 383 '
VIOOSS HOTEL Furnished rooms
$2.00 per week and up. 405
FOR RENT American's; clean, cool
rooms. Colorado House. Jiggerville.
Good 'able board. 351
FOR RENT Love'y front room with
or without LOard. Brown house be
low concrete house, opposite water
tank. Tombstone Canyon. Large
geranium plants for sale, 25c. 331
FOR RENT Two clean, well furnish
ed housekeeping rooms. Mrs. D. E.
Grisham, Miller Hill, east of city
water tank. 333
FOR RENT Furnished housekeeping
rooms. 120 Upper Lowell. Gas.
lights and water. 336
FOR RENT Nicely furnished room
with bath in connection. Walker
House, back of Hogan and Seeds, i
Main street.
369
FOR RENT 2 rooms, furnished for
light housekeep'ng. 42 Jiggerville.
378
For Rent
FOR RENT 3-room house, newly pa
pered. 83 Youngblood Hill, or phone
399. 246
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. Lights, water
and gas. 163 Opera Drive. 267
FOR RENT Rooms for housekeeping,
also sleeping and batching rooms.
49 O. K. St. 274
FOR RENT Three-room house, finely
furnised. Mrs. Winwood, Winwood
Add. 309
FOR RENT Cabin, furnished for
batching. 176, Naco road. hOlbrook
stop. 299
FOR RENT Three-room furnished
house on Jones II ill. next to John
Cooke. 370
FOR RENT 4 unfurnished rooms,
newly papered. 68 Kansas street.
" Tate Hill. 371
FOR RENT 4-room, modern furnish
ed house. AduHs only. Call 57 O.
K. S.. Call mornings. 373
FOR RENT Store rcOm, Johnson ad
dition. Apply to M. C. High. 379
Miscellaneous
THE Iti&ckburu System is the quickes:
and most thorough taught anywhere
Including Dress-cutting, Designing
Pattern-making aud Dressmaking
Tho full course will maka you pro
ficient and equip you to teach thest
branches. Room 4, Maze Bldg, Mis;
Grant ?i
PAT CLEARY, painter. Member
Builders' Exchange. Box 1495. 347
PRACTICAL NURSE, 46 Laundry Hill.
Mrs. M. R. Bell. 289
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
LADIES Bring material, learn to cut
and make your own tall suits and
gowns. Thorough instructions giv
en by Miss Grant. Have hemstitch
ing and picoting done the yard, in
stead of sending out of town. RcOm
4, Maze Bidg. 67
INCORPORATE your business. Avoid
partnerships. Protect private from
business ventures, information free.
Plrlip Lawrence, former assistant
secretary s:ate, Huron, South Da
kota. 103 Dakota Ave. 335
i.MALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building. 166
EXPERT paper hanger and painter. C.
J. Brandt. Phone 455, Box 150. 579
LEARN actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A, Los Angeles. Cat
alog free.
50,000 to loan on Improved city prop
erty or for building, on easy terms
of payment. T. A. Hughes, over'
Bank o? Bisbee. 697
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
AMERICAN CAFE, LOWELL.
Regular board by the month, $35.
Chicken dinner Sundays, 50c.
Merchants' lunch served from 12 to
1, 40c.
Regular dinner, served all day, 40c.
CLEANLINESS OUR MOTTO.
883
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. Land'
Office at Phoenix. Arizona, August
25, 1917. j
Notice is hereby given that Freder
ick J. Murrell of Hereford, Arizona,
who on Sept. 1, 1910, made Homestead j
Entry, No. 012016, for NWV4. Section!
28, Township 23 S, Range 23 E, G. & I
S. R. B. Meridian, has filed not;-. of)
intention to make five year proof, to:
ettaDlish claim to the land atOve us-
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S. ;
Commissioner, Bisbee, Arizona, on the '
Uh day of October, 1917. I
Claimant names as witnesses: j
toward Wilcox, jonn v. Lai noun,
William A. White, Charles A. Martin,;
all of Hereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication, Aug. 28. 1917.
Last Publication. Oct. 4. 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior, U. S. Land
Oflice at Phoenix. Arizona, August 8,'
1917. (
Notice is hereby given that Herman
llaase of Hereford, Arizona, who, on
July 1, 1912, made Homestead Entry
So. 01S471 for NE',4, Sec. 30, Town
ship 23 S, Range 22 E, G. & S. R. B.
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make three-year proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioenr, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 29th
aay of September, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Ralph II. Dickey, Julius Haase.
Frank Cobbe, Leslie Wilcox, all of
Hereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First Publication, Aug. 25.
Last Publication, Sept. 29.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. S. PATENT
MINERAL SURVEY NO. 3354
August 9, 1917
Mineral Applscstion 035913
Receipt No. 2076931
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
v. A. DeU, whosv postoCice address is
lisfcee, Arizona, on behalf Of himself
.nd co-owners, W. A. Schwarti ana
harles W. Rambo, whose pooto2ice
lures ies i.- the saue place, has made
implication for a patent for the follaw
.ig lode mining claim, situated in the
Varren Mining District, Cochise Coun
y, Slate of Arizona, in SectiOu 18, un-
pp'd, T. 23 S, R. 24 E ,G. & S. R. B.
z M, which claim is described as foi
.ows: POINT LOOKOUT: Beginning at
Jor. No. 1, the S. W. Cor, whence the
.n'. E. Cor. Sec. 30. T. 23 S, R. 24 !.,
j. & S. R. B. & M, brs. S. 13" 23' S.
.545.10 it.; thence N. 12' 07' W. 680.20
.t. to Cor. No. 2, identical with N. E.
-'or. and S. E. Cor. of Los Angelus and
ook Out lodes, unsurveyej, respect-
vely; thence N. 1 05' E. 600.0ft fL 10
-or. No. 3, the N. W. Cor.; thence N.
i9 C6' E. 556.20 ft. to Cor. No. 4, the
X. E. Cor.; thence S. 5 48' E. 1273.1C
;t. to Cor. No. 5, the S. E. Cor.; thence
. 5J 3tT W. 553.00 ft. to Cor. No. 1.
he place of beginning, containing a
et area of 15.0U3 acres.
The location notice of said POINT
i-OO KOUT claim is recorded in the
Jounty Recorder's oSice, Cochise
Jounty, Arizona, in Book 23. Records
,t M:nes, at pane 443.
Adjoining claims: North: New York
.ode, unsurveyed, owned by Fred Sut
.or and W. A. Deli; Montreal lode, un
JurvcjeJ, owned by W. A. Dell and
Jha.;. Ra:i:Lo. East: Mount Shasta
iode, unnurveyed, owned by Chas. Ram
So; Bonita lodo, Sur. No. 3132. South:
Bonita loue, Sur. No. 3162; 'unta lode,
unsurveyed, owned by Emil Marks and
W. A. Schwartz. West: Punta lode,
unsurveyej, owned by Emil Marks
and W. A. Schwartz; Los Angelus
Axle, unsurveyed, owned by W. A. Dell
and Chas. Rambo; Look Out lode, un
iurveyed, owned by Chas. Kdinbo.
J. L. IRWIN,
( Registrar.
First publication August 11th, 1917.
Last puDlicatiou October 18th, 1917.
472
I
I
i
Lodge.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
leets every Friday night. Moose Hall,
i.siting brothers cordially Invited.
V. R. TONKIN, Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
IUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
C4N MECHANICS.
Meets in Medigovicl i
Hall, second and fount j
Tuesdays each month
' Visiting trotbers w:
come. i
P. D. LANE, Councillor.
I. L. BENTON. Recording Secretary
-OYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
U O. L. NO. 210.
Meets to 1. O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
unvn v
at 7:30 p. m.
VV Visiting broth
Invited to at
tend. SLEEMAN. W. M! -
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E, meet
im and third MONDAYS. 8. p. m.
:agles Hall. Visiters cordially wel
ome.
tICHARD DAVIS. President
C. L. EDMONSON. Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
(f Knl&nts 01 Pythias
meets each Thursday
texcepi second) in ur.a
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited. '
r'RANK BRUNING, C. C.
J. C. KRIG3AUM. K. of R. S.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
department of the Interior, u. S. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, Sept. 1.
1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Caleb
V. Newman of Hereford, Arizona, who
m February 11, 1911. made HOmesteud
i'ntry No. 013306 for SE 4; and on
pt. 2, 1915, made additional entry
No. 028208 for SEVi SWU. Sec. 35,
Township 22S. Range 20 E, O. & S. R.
J. & Meridian, has filed notice of in
ention to make Five Year Proof to
:st:-blisb claim to the land above de
.cribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Ommissloner, Bisbee, Arizona, on the
i2th day of October. 1917. .
Claimant names as witnesses:
Roy A. Newman, James W. Haverty,
Joel P. Steele, John F. Ashworth, all
jf Garces, Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First Pub, Srept. 5, 1917.
Last Pub, Oct. 12, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S.
Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona.
Notice is hereby given that Ysabel
Jh. Ramirez, of Gaices, Arizona, who
n May 5th, 1913. made honieteitJ
entry, No. 022330, for F SWVi. NVi
?EVi. Section 33, Township 2"S,
tange 21 E, G. & S. R. Meridian, hs
.iled notice ol intention to make tl.ree
. ear proof, to establish claim to the
and above described, before Jared D.
1'ayIOr, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 29th day of Septem
ber. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses: Ben
Uorgan of Garces, Arizona, Jose A.
Oisneroz of Bisbee, Arizona. William
itatliff of Hereford, Arizona. Manuel
Lananaga of Garces, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN,
First Publication Aug. 25.
Last Publication, Sept. 29.
04
1EVIEW WANT ADS 1
BRING QUICK RESULTS '
1
I A.
JKO
Notices
WEEK ENDING SEPT. 15, 1917.
Monday 1st Degree.
Tuesday
Wednesday 1st Degree
Thursday Chapter Reg.
Friday
Saturday
N. C. BLEDSOE. W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. ft A. M.
V M. COLWELfc. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. L M.
J. E. FRY. E. C.
T S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Charter
and Commaadery
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council.
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each mnnth at
7:30 at Medigo
vich HalL Visit-
mg members cordially Invited.
PHIL. DAVIS. President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
I Box 722, Tel. 23. Red.
I KATHER1NE SALHOLM, Secretary-
I LODGE NO. S71.
I Regular meeting arst and third Frt-
; Jay of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
R E. WARNER. Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY, Secretary.
j. PYTHIAN SISTERS,
i Lily Templa, No. 3jnMt every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
j month at Odd Fellows' Hail. Visiting
i sisters are cordially Invited.
ANNA HART. M. E. C.
! JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. G
.
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets in Medigovlcn Hall 2nd and
It h Fridays of each mouth.
HATTIE A. LUKE. Guardian.
PAULINE F. BROWN. Clerk.
P. O. Box 621.
1 KNIGHTS AND LADIES OR SECUR
ITY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115
Meets every Thursday at Brophy
1 hall, 8 p. m. Visiting members are
j cordially invited.
I ARNOLD SCHMID. President, P. O.
Box 3483. Lowell. Ariz.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAT.
Secretary, Lowell.
E. LINDQUIST.
Financial Secretary, P. O. Box 2246,
LowelL
BISBEE LODGE. No. 10, I. O. O. F.
Meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows HaiL
Main street at 7:00 p. m. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to a'teno.
Hall phone 11 .
GEO. MUN3EY. N. G.
C. D. KiRBY, Secretary.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first and tnlnt
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
in Mcdigovich KaXL ' All
visiting Red Ma invited
to attend.
Wm. DELBRIDGE. Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Medicine Mat
F. C. FENDERSON. C of H.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Risbft Camp No. IMM
Meets first Tuesday a(
Odd Fellows HalL
R. L. MOTZ. Con.-il.
H. ' MATIIEWSON
Clerk.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Ha!
Pearl Chapter. No. 6. meet
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS. W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box 841. Bisbee.
MRS JESSE BEVAN. Sec'y. P. O. Bo
2299, Chairman Relief Com. Phone 16L
WOODMEN OF THE WOLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wc'r.'aCar
at 7:30, Brophy 211.
,P R. WINSTEAD. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All woodmen invited.
ByCA.VOIGHi
LbT3F
sit
3cVi o i
. '
(.
EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 16, 1917.
Announcing
Our Annual
Li ;cv JL
ssma imam i
pip : . -i m mmmMM W
UJ W Mi 1 KSJftSaf
mmMmm. r -
)hmmkM 1 - ! 1
: -00m0mm
V
JCIIOII
For Monday
Sept. 17th, 1917
El 4
M:H S Si i'
-i M La i& i5
An Elaborate Showing of
Autumn Millinery Styles of
Distinction and Individuality
An exhibition of charming new millinery in authoritative styles
for fall. All the leading fashion sources are represented in this dis
play, showing the greatest achievements of the foremost designers.
So delightfully extensive is the variety that we are confident of be
ing able to meet every requiremnt in modish millinery. They are
now ready for your selection. Why not come and see them ? We
extend to you a cordial invitation to do so.
The New Cretonnes
of Amazing Beauty
Showing the largest stock of cretonnes we have had, many new
designs and color combinations, our dry goods section is aglow with
them. 35 and 36 inch widths, priced from 25c to $1.00 per yard.
Fall Draperies Are Lovely
The New Sunfast Scotch Madras for overdrapes, in colors, rose,
brown, blue and green in many very effective color combinations,
a 36-inch width and an exceptional value at 75c and 85c per yard.
Showing the Very Newest in Autumn Neckwear Roll collars of
Organdie, of washable satin, new collars and jacket of net and lace.
Where Fashion Leads the
A Remarkable Showing of
Distinctive Autumn
ivies For 1917
The watchword of the hour is thrift, this has been our watch
word in selecting fall merchandise. As a result, this store offers
and will continue to offer many pleasant surprises. Launching
the mode in the new fashion season at hand is once again the
delightful mission of these sections. Those who select from
these -featured assortments adopt fashions to meet their require
ments at every point. So it is possible for every type of woman
to be correctty and distinctively outfitted here.
The Autumn Suit Modes
An immense showing of new suits, featuring the newest ideas
in styles and materials for fall.' Tailored, semi-tailored and fancy
models in velous, tricotine, broadcloth, borella, poplin, gaberdine,
Oxford gray, mannish mixtures, and velour checks are included
in this great line, showing a delightful variety-of the newest and
most poplar shades, including beetroot, terra cotta, taupe, bur
gundy, plum, browns, new stripes, navy and black, beautifully
trimmed with fur, velvet, braid and stitching. Never before have
we displayed a more complete and attractive assotrment. Suits
that possess a charming youthful appearance; perfect workman
ship, superior quality material and marked individuality. We
suggest that an early inspection would be of especial interest to
you whilethsocksojieand
Serge Dresses Again
"Come Into Their Own"
When a thing as charmingly practical as a serge dress is dis
covered it is not pushed aside by American women after one
season of unprecedented popularity. So it is that the serge frock
is given greater vogue than ever this season, and the new designs
are more attractive than ever in their youth-giving lines and
striking simplicity. Silk also is growing in favor with the ad
vancing season the immense demand of the government for
woolen materials for the manufacture of uniforms perhaps lend
ing a touch of patriotism to the wearing of silk when possible.
Beautiful shades of tan, gray Burgundy and brown are intro
duced, although navy blue has the greater vogue.
lHrf ltevl Ml
LovelylNew Evening Gowns
That Are in Vogve for Fall
Chiffon Taffeta with new drape skirt, Hickson models, silk net
trimmed, with gold and silver lace over metallic cloth, satin em
broidered in silver, others trimmed with iridescent gold and sil
ver laces; in turquoise, pink, Nile, maize, blue and also white.
New Autumn Woolens
In a Beautiful Showing
Storm Serge A complete line of the best shades, navy, wine,
grey, myrtle, mode, brown, toupe and black, an all wool serge 36
inches wide, a remarkable value, special at the yard 89c
Fancy Stripe and Plaid Suiting In many rich color combina
tions, navy and green, wine and black, green and blue, and many
other combinations to select from, exceptionally suitable for sep
arate skirts, priced from $1.50 to $3.00 per yard.
54-Inch Heavy Store Serge Suiting Those looking for good
material for tailored suits cannot afford to overlood this splendid
value, large range of colors, included are navy, myrtle, toupe,
grey, browns and black. Specially priced at the yard $1.50.
50-Inch English Epingle Suiting All wool in the most wanted
fall shades. A fabric that will lend itself beautifully to the drap
ing of the new styles. A splendid value at the yard $2.50
New Fancy Wool Cloaking In the latest shades of maduro,
wine, grey, brown and many fancy mixtures. Just the thing for
Auto wear. Full 58-inch width at the yard $3.00 and $3.50.
in w - i
Our stocks are
! AS now complete with
3r the latest models in
rootwear ror ran
and Winter and our
prices are consistent
ly low for high quality.
A wonderfully complete showing of the newest crea
tions in high boots for wear with every sort of gown or
suit.
The shoes included in these displays hardly need praise
their good qualities are apparent "on the face of it"
Wj?ujtjxj3nne
New Fall Trimmings in Amazing Beauty Comprising
rose bud, iridescent banding, and flouncing, bead motifs,
military braid in silk and gold and islver, chenille braid,
chenile silk gold, silver and bead, tassels in a large variety
of colors. "t
See Our Wonderful Display of New
Autumn Furniture
in .
-Hundreds of pieces, in almost innumerable number of designs, typifying advanc
ed thought in decorative and color effects, as well as the best ideas in plain, easy,
quaint, comfortable and luxurious furniture. Everybody is invited. You'll en
joy this interesting display because it's delightfully different and you'll be agree
ably surprised at the attractive prices. Regardless of your needs we will guaran
tee prices and goods against any competi'.ion. Through our heavy purchasing
prior' to advances we are able to offer the best in the Furniture Market.
Bed Room Suits in Queen Ann, Co- Dining Room Suits in . William and
lonial and Adam designs. Mary, Jacobean and Mission designs.
Designs in New Fall Rugs
Are Beautiful
jfaifei - wim - Aw4-
Stocks today are at the height of completeness, offering
an almost endless variety of new fall designs. Indeed, this
is a rug showing not be overlooked by those seriously con
sidering the purchase of rugs. A new line of patterns and
colorings, in every conceivable fize, and particularly rec
ommended., for their hard wearing,., serviceable quality.
You can see the beauty at a glance, and years to come will
prove the service. ;
err? rf
I MINING
i SECTION
5
mm
SOCIETY I
SECTION I
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRE88
VOL. 20. NO. 86.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 16, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
More Than 1800 New
Men Have Entered the
R Distinct In a Month
All parts of West and South Have Contributed to the Increase
Had In Local Mines Since August 1. Coal Miners from
Some Regions Coming to Bisbee. Silver Price Soars tc
New Record. Possibilities in the Market
AMERICAN JOIN CANADIANS IN OPENING NEW FOOD SOURCES
Rin Alienist 1. more than 1.800 new men have come to Bisbee. The
arrivals have been from all parts of the west and south. A portion have
come from other min'ng districts of Arizona. A great man have been union
men. The records of the Loyalty League show all of the facts concerning the
men who have come to restore the mining operations of the Warren District
to normal efficiency, because the League has passed upon each applicant for
work. In only a comparatively few instances have rejections been made, for
the reason that men coming here have had knowledge of the fact that if they
were to secure employment they must bring proof of the fact that they .had
not in the past had association with the I. V. W. No other association pre
vents any loyal American from finding employment here promptly, particu
larly If lie is a miner. Letters from responsible citizens of his previous place
of residence, attesting his loyal Americanism, is all that is required in the
way of proof. In a few instances forged letters have been presented by men
who were found to be I. W. W. trying to get into the district, telegraphic in
quiry of their alleged sponsors failing to locate them. Globe Loyalty League
operates in the same manner as does Bisbee. It is also handling a large num
ber of new arrivals in that and the Miami district.
Coat Miners Coming.
Among miners arriving from outside the state a number are beginning
to appear from the coal divisions of the middle-west. These men have been
able to get only 4 or 5 days work a week in their fields. They are attracted
by the larger earnings which are possible in Arizona and by the better cli
matic conditions. Miners are also coming in from the Michigan and Minne
sota Iron and copper countries, where the rigorous winter conditions of the
northwest will soon be on in full force. The loss of tnese latter men will
have to be made up from other sources in the northwest. In the coal coun
tries it will mean the giving of six days work the week to operatives. Instead
of the four and five days they now receive.
Loyal Men Wanted.
No other cause is responsible for the influx of labor to Arizona than the
general knowledge over the country that I. W. W. activities disrupted indus
trial conditions here and that there is room and welcome for a great many
loyal American operatives under the open shop rule. False stories set in
circulation through I. W. W. sources are proving no deterrent. They arej
evidently generally discredited. These stories included assertions that union j
men were not being employed and that many accidents were occurring In the
mines. The latter story is typical of I. V. W. method of spreading intimida
tion. Another more recent story from the 6me source has been of f 6 the
day being paid in some of the camps. There is no truth in this, the sole
purpose of Its circulators being to create dissatisfaction. The profit sharing
wage scale is being adhered to in all the districts. It means from S5.10 to
5.25 the day during this month.
Demoralized Employment.
Arizona mines strike propaganda carried out by I. W. W. and other pro
German influences has brought about more demoralization from the employ
ment viewpoint for the miners of western states than any other strike of
record managed to create for large bodies of workmen In a given Industry.
Tell Of Experiences.
Such conclusion is compelled by reports brought from all mining sections
of the west by mine, mill and smelter men returning to Arizona from visiU
and work hunting trips to other states. Without exception they tell of police
surveilance wherever they went, they coming under the head of suspects ini
meditely it was learned they were from Arizona and remaining so until friends
established their status. As for work, there is none outside of Arizona for
any metal worker known to liSil from' the Ftate, and there is the closest of
watch kept for them by the authorities In New Mexico, Nevada, Colorado,
Montana, Idaho and California. The one reason given is that it is taken for
granted that metal workers not taking advantage of the high wages In Ari
zona, the highest paid In any mining state, are unable to hold jobs there and
consequently must have been involved In the I. W. W. propaganda, and other
states are making the utmost endeavor to keep this class out.
.- - . - ' m. .r . J j
American Se.ttle.rs Arriving - -w """'"'-n
tf Calgary r jL
-. m Mh m -vi t v m x st. l Aim . i
5.f!!55SL increased wage
fli ufliitifln a Luwtn iiuac rniinunrn
MHO IULLUHLU
BY DECREASE IN
ALL EFFICIENCY
Prominent Mining Man
Writes of Effect of Wage
Increase in Clifton-Morenci
District in This State.
THAN HJOLT MONTH
Failure of Ball Mill of the Tom
Reed Company Cuts Gold
Production. Some Activity
Noted in the Camp.
Oatraan, Ariz., Sept. 15. August
production at the two producing mines
of the Oatman 1i -strict was Moniowbut
below the record breaking month of
July. At the Tom Reed, the new
granulating ball mills were out of
commisson for about half the month
which meant that the stamp mill had
to be brought Into service. As this
has only half the capacity of the ball
mill, a total reduction of about one
fourth was the net result for the
month, or legs than 6.000 tons
against 7600 for July.
Values are materially increasing on
By Walter Douglas
(In Mining and Scieniific Press)
As an interesting and Instructive
commentary upon the effect of greatly
increased wages on the manual effi
ciency of a certain class of mine-labor
the accompanying diagram speaks ljr
itself. (Ia the original article in Min
ing and Scientific Press a diagram was
ore from the Aztec, however .and wlthtprlnted-
daily production running above 250 ,n lae sumer of the year 1315. at
, miles of land than the United States
I and the problem of -utting her land
! under crop and of petting her crop
! to elevators and tidewater, ia always
a f tain 0 ui3n( Mf
Fipures frcm the Canadian Pacific
. railway's land department show that
I seven times as many Americans
Americans are not only eagerly 1 crossed the border this year to take
plowing their own farms and back- j up Canadian acific land as in 1916,
yards but are going to Canada in and that these new settlers bought
large numbers to he! their cousins three times as much land,
north of the border i educe the un-1 C. S. Noble, an American, holds
tilled acreage. the record for growing the largest
Canada has many more square ! Cfnadian wheat crop on his 1 000-
Spring Wheat in Albesta
acre farm at Nobleford, Alberta. ffv
made a profit of $100,000 last year
and will this season have under
cultivation 3,000 acres.
Farming as a business and a big
business is taking on prosperous -proportions.
Prices as they have
been for the past three years neaa
wealth to farmers. ,
Many settlers are this year clear
ing their land of all indebtedness.
Two seasons of crops does it these
days. They are thus accomplishing
in two years what they planned to do
in twenty.
tons, September should establish an
other new high record both in ton
nage and value for the Tom Reed.
Considerable time was also lost at
I which time a sliding scale of w.izea
was put into effect by the management
of the Detroit Copper company, the
average pay of wage-earners in the
the United Eastern during August as."""e ""mem was approximaleU
a result of accidents, one of which -50 Per day. which average include.!
put the Teil-Smita initial crusher out I ,arRe orce of surface-la borers,
of business for about one day. Values ! h,0'2 r?te 8erved to offset th t,ja
are belne maintained at a hih aver-! 8lderab,y hlher Pav eara?d
Falsehoods Spread.
But the hardship and demoralization is not all on the shoulders of the
Arizona metal worker. Word has been spread into every western mining and
smelting center by the busy I. W. W. and tiieir sympathizers that union men
are arrested the minute they arrive in an Arizona mining district and subse
quently deported. The falsehood has been given such thorough circulation
that it is largely believed. In consequence hundreds of union men are held
back from bettering themselves through higher wages and mild winter weath
er conditions in Arizona, as well as restrained from giving the patriotic aid
they would like to extend to the government through assisting with the res
toration of Arizona metal output back to normal tonnage. Many union metal
workers have come to the state and found immediate employment during the
last two months, and these will ultimately make it known in their former
- homes that there is no bar against members of any organization in the state,
the I. W. W. type alone excepted. Meantime the outside miners, and industry
in Arizona, are the losers, the associated item of damage representing a no
small additional charge to place against the account of the pro-German dis
turbers. More F!s.?ods.
Added to the falsehood of no employment of union men are stories of
of this report shows accidents in Arizona mines in July and August, of all
kinds, were well under a normal per cent based upon the number of men at
work. This is considered attributable to tha fact that many of the men are'
working under ground for the first time. It is an established fact that such
workers are always more careful than men who have become careless through i
long service. j
The Price Of Copper. j
There was sufficient marking down of copper prices during the month!
of August to render the average for the month the lowest in a year at 25.3S'
cents a pound. This compares with the year's high of 31 i cents In February ;DeVelopment In Number
ttiiu o.ooa i-truis lur Juiy, 1310.
C. & J. UNCOVERS
BLACK SLATE IN
T
W
CROSSCUT
age at the Eastern, however, and with
the new addition to the cyanide plant
now In service, September should al
so prove the banner month for Oat
man's newest gold mine.
It is anticipated that the great Uni
ted Eastern vein may be opened up at
the lower level during September, pro
vided the vein comes into the shaft
as is expected at present. So Septem
ber may be a most crucial month for
United Eastern.
Daimond drilling will probably be
commenced very shortly upon threa
properties, the Mohawk Central, the
Tollurido and the Sunnyside. Dia
mond drillers have been in the dis-
miner and other underground labor.
At this time the number of tons mined
per man, exclusive of those engaged
on development work, was 2.6. For
the first six months of the year 1917.
with an increase of wages that brought
the average daily earning to $4.10. the
number of tons of ore mined per man
dropped to 2.18; in other words, the
cost for labor to mine a ton of ore In
the early part f 1915 was 90 cents,
while for the first six months of 1917
It Increased to $1.90. The miner who
earned 36 1-2 cents per hour, basej on
15c copper, during the former period
earned 56 l-2c per hour in the latter
period on 28c copper.
The labor employed in the mine de-
tri-t recently looking the ground over partment of the Detroit Copper co:u-
witt a view to taking a contract up-, pany since the initiation of the com-
on the work contemplated
On all three of these properties pre-
pany's operations in 1SS0. has bren.
and Is now, largely Mexican, wuh a
lirainary exploration has been carried j substantial propomon of Spaniards
04 to a certain depth and diamond 'and a few Italians.
drilling can be much more quickly and I In September of 1915 the Western
cheaply disclose what exists at depth
The course of the market may be followed in these monthly averages 01
the Engineering & Mining Journal (cents per pound). j
1917
January 28.673
February 31.750
March 31.481
April 27.935
May 28.788
June 29.962
July 26.620
August 25.3S0
1916
24.008
26.440
26.310
27.895
28.625
26.601
23.865
26.120
1915
13.641
14.394
14.787
16.811
18.625
19.477
17.796
16.941
1914
14.223 '
14.491 '
14.131!
2 ' and along the course of the veins al-
South Drift of Jerome Prop-, the diamond drill will play a much
erty, Gives Excellent Indica-1 more Prominent part in the future de-
' I vulnnm ortt Af Matnian than 1 ha In
m . .iw;uivm V i mail i u 1 k ao "
tions tor future.
Federation of Miners sent organizers
JEROME, Sept. 15. No. 2 south
i drift from the 600-foot level of the Cal
' umet & Jerome shaft has cut the same
14.211 copper Impregnated black slate that
into the district; these, largely olnr
I'j the strained relations existing be
tween the United States and Mexico
at the time, were successful in induc
ing all the Spaniards and a number
the past. OI -Mexicans to jom.tneir organization.
Development work is Droeressine at 1 Dev tnen ueman Jeu recognition or
present on the following properties: j 016 union- hich. being refused, a
At the Alcoyne near the boundary 1 8trike was called- It is unnecessary
zone, the main working shaft is be-; '" " wm:.
ing sunk on the footwall of the vein
which, through incendiary speeches by
the then governor of the state, a.-
A n .t i. 1 .... .
1? QQrt, No. 1 west crosscut entered more than fi ert ii 'sumed the aspect Tf a revolution, in
- - - , iiuu u, a iu mo fv .wfc It .VI. a uia
13.603
a week ag'J. Red oxide of copper ap-'bo(jT of ore , flve to slx feet wlde; which Ml workers who would not join
pears in the seams in the face,
13.22:; This development Is regarded as of
the highest importance, for the points
and some sensational assays are be-j
ing obtained running as high as $200 '
the federation were deported from the
district. No attempt was made by the
No quotations published.
Verde Copper Production.
at which the black slate was located ; ,., ,. , . ,
I . i . onn i . . pleted for the erected of a 2-ton
per ton in gold alone have been com-;
mill !
operators to introduce outside labor,
and in February 191S. through the ef-
; are at least 200 feet apart. ... - t forts 'of federal mediators. Messrs.
It is demonstrated that the trend if ., ,T .,. . Myers and Davies, the union surren
.u -.- . --j u At the United Oatman north and w K i
Copper production by the United Verde Copper Co., and United Verde Z7y is something fa8t f the boundary zone, the tunnel der th(f M miitiou as exitea
Extension Mining Co., has been Increased to a total in excess of 130.000.000 niense. I lla8 been driven mto ,he mounlaln before the strike was called.
This has been accomplished through increasing capacity; The south drift hit the slate 75 feet;"" "V" " Zine driven ona .At thB S110'1 '
irora me snail anu nus penetratea ii ----. , w uiinuuni ivuscuiru u im r,n uuu
pounds per annum.
at the new smelter of the former and heavier shipments of ore from the!
Extension property to custom smelters.
Unltl two years ago the United Verde property of Senator Clark was the
only producer of the Jerome district. The 17-year hunt for "nay" ore on the
ten feet. The same Iroa and chalet I ,1 " ", by the employes of grievance coram it-
pyrite that is disclosed by the west'"1 be dvnced 2o0 feet before tha,tees Vj discuss wlth the management
crosscut is there enuent. but not m;tunnel work ltself is 'esume1. though ; nlatters relating to wages, conditions
such quantities. Geirgn W. Averv.l the objective f the tunnel is 350 feet j of iabor. etc. Unfortunately for the
president and general manager, th.iuks
i further Into the mountain.
I future peace of the district, the men
part of the neighboring United Verde Extension was finally rewarded. It has, that when the drift Is a little farthel
At the Sunnyside a wlnse has been1 elected to these committees were of
... . annlr aHstut CA fnAi onl a wa t & li i . T". I ku
been the sensation of the copper-producing industry , the past two year, i"1""" 8, " ! "tTlll ' I will be run across he Vein TTZr.Z
oaiuc ao ik is uuv m u.x iiuoii ui. i "
iouay, eacn or tnese properties can produce over 6,000.000 pounds of cop-1 The face of No 2 is mjw lift feet " at this level. the Arizona Federation of Labor, they
per monthly, as attested by the following figures of production (In pounds): from the 600 station and there is no At the Telluride the vein is still to ( assumed the right to dictate to the op-
I sign 'of an end to the slate. Which waslUB opeueu up oy uniting i me oao(eraiors noi oniy iuo siiuuiu ut iw
United verde entered a. g0 fept The crosscut has ! foot level. Inside drilling will be, should not be discharged, but who
Extension just passed through a narrow ledge of commenced very soon on this proper- should be employed or promoted.
United Verde
January 6,000,000
February 5.500,000
March 6,000.000
APrl1 - - 6.100.000
May 6,500.000
June 4,000.000
July '. 4.500.000
Sevent months 38,600,000
Cut down by strike.
Next year the Extension Co. should be in position to handle its ores at
its own smelter, now under construction. At the present time this material
goes to several custom smelters, part to the Consolidated Arizona Co., and
some to the Copper Queen smelter. The outstanding share capital of these
companies differs materially, that of the Clark company being 300.000 shares
while the newer Extension Co. has 1,050,000 shares.
Dividend Policies.
The investing public have been watching with Interest the action of
5,176,000 iasPar a"d white quartz with a great
ilpnl mnrA rlialrnnvrit a than IhA slntA
5.070.000 ;carries
5,400.000
6.203.000
3.850,000
33.535,000
ty.
j Whenever the management declined ti
At the Tom Reed practically no de-i accede to these demands a strike was
velopment work is being done at prea-, called either in one department at a
A drift has been started south from ' ent. time, or all me employes oi me com-
No. 1, right in the slate. It has pro-1 The main shaft of the United East- panies were called out simultaneous
gressed about 20 feet, but has opened era is now down more than 280 feet, 'y- Nlne of these sirikes have occur
no condition that does not annear in ' It la noaKihl that th vein ma be eu- red in the 15 months since operatfcns
3,946,000 ' the ciVisscut. It is possible that a 'countered by the shaft or within ,! were resumed. The.ie methods not ha v
, sqn nA ! north drift will be started soon in the j few feet to the south of the 965 foot! ,nS been fntf successful, in the
siate ana me company is contempiat- level provided the change of dig ob-"""" .,
ing sinking a winze to determine if served on the 665 foot level is main-aI1 thelr ytn M sa
the values improve with depth. Uained botage was Introduced underground.
No. 2 A, the east crosscut, has been At tneGoId Road tne ore body in the! a lapp"?n,t '"''ll"
driven 51 feet, but It has not reached 'Llne Boad tunnel section of the prop-l the cla,t of labor "P" anJ waa
the sheared zone which Is its objective. ;erty u opened up, but as the! (Continued on Paee Two)
Another possibility of future develop- mlll ,9 ,eased for a year t0 tne gojd
nient Is a South drift from this cross- P i. i , Jw.UbvpH that mlnlnr anil th nr. luirfr U hout flve feet wid
cut to catch the slate farther south
east than it was hit by No. 2.
Sinking of a winze from the IA
more recent manufacture which assert that mine accidents have become so varlou8 corPratln, respect to their current dividend policy due to the
numerous since resumption of work in Arizona that the hospitals have teoome ! probabi,ity' at an early date of an exce8s P"19 ,ax law wh" call for
totally inadequate to meet the demands made upon them. Some investigation
(Continued on Page Two)
milling will be undertaken until the and carries as good value as those on
expiration of that time. However the the 630 foot level below.
fVtM Or will tint na t.h pnttrA rft. Prenarafinn am twinc madA for
south drift is now under way. Super- , f fh mi 8) the Co,d Road re,unilng work on 0atman North
intendent John Rauber thinks that at ' , . . , , ... ... w .... wi
ore at the same time. j ed out of the 'workings at the 400 foot
Work being prosecuted at the Gold level. It is also stated that work will
Ore consists of retimbering and be resumed shortly on the Moss Back,
strengthening the shaft and exploring which was taken over last spring by a
(Continued on Tage Two) ithe vein on the 350 foot level. Hero syndicate of St. Louis capitalists.
a depth of 100 feet or so below the
floor Of the drift the chalcopyrite will
cut out the black slate and the for-'
nration will become a true copper-im-1 TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 16, 1917.
More Than 1800 New
Men Have Entered the
District In a Month
(Continued From fuse One)
very substantial cash payments by different corporations. 'With this in mind,
therefore, special interest attaches to the action of the porphyries in their
dividend declarations today at which the same dividends were declared as
were three months ago.
The policy of the directors of these companies is that while prepared to
pay such excess profits tax as may be enacted, that particular bridge should
not be crossed until it is reached, and as there has been no substantial decline
in the price of copper the stockholders are entitled to receive in this, the third
quarter, the same dividends they received at the previous declaration. It is
frankly stated, however, that when the law is actually enacted, which will be
during the fourth quarter, the dividends payable at the end of December ot
this year will have to be determined by the situation then existing.
For example, the following factors must be weighed: Figures of earnings
for the full year of 1917 of which the directohs will have 11 months actual
and the 12th month estimated; the amount of such earnings that have been re
invested in property or are required for working capital; the amount of cash
required to be set aside to meet excess profits and other taxes; the amount
of dividends out of the above earnings already declared during the year; gen
eral market and other conditions affecting the industry.
When these various elements are known, and not before, can any intel
ligent forecast be made of December dividends action.
Silver and Parity.
Dollar silver has become a reality with sales for delivery at Vancouver
effected at $1.02 an ounce and yesterday ia New York when quotation ol
$1.01 V4 were had.
The president of a leading silver producing company says: "I have been
talking dollar silver for some time and now that it has reached and passed
that mark I am afraid to make further predictions. It has been and is still a
condition governed entirely by supply and demand, with a minimum of spec
ulation attending the advance.
"Never were the demands for silver so great and it so happens that pro
duction is the smallest for a number of years. A dozen years ago the world's
mines produced 220,000,000 ounces or more of silver; last year they supplier
but 175,000,000 ounces or thereabouts of which the United States contributed j
75,000,000 ounces.
"Today Mexico is practically closed down whereas it was formerly looked
upon as one of the chief sources of supply; Canada is affected by the drain
upon labor, and our own yield is suffering through the strike at western cop
per mines which contribute very largely to the silver output. Anaconda, our
largest single producer, is shut down and so is the Butte & Superior Co.,
which produces almost half as much as Anaconda.
"All over the world governments are buying silver and coining it as never
before. In the United States there is a big demand for coinage purposes and
while there have been no recent reports of purchases by this government, I
am of the belief that the metal is being bought quietly and under the existing
prices.
"The percentage of gold reserves in Germany is exceedingly low arouns
11 per cent as I recall it while the Bank of England reserve is also compara
tively low. This can mean but one thing a further rise in silver and if it I
etxends to $1.29 an ounce it will place the metal on a parity with gold."
Bullion Value Of Silver.
Anglo & London-Paris National Bank of San Franaisco monthly circular
says of silver: Apparently all the mints of the world are at work coining
standard or subsidiary silver coin and demand for the metal is growing and
the price has been steadily rising. Already bullion value of the pure silver
in some coins in some countries is equal to or greater than face value of the
coins, and a very slight increase of bullion value over face value will lead to
exporting or melting.
This has led some to suppose that silver was remonetizing itself and that
without legislation the old ratios of 15 or 16 to one of gold would re-establish
themselves throughout the world. Silver has a long road to travel yet before
that point is reached, as will be seen by the table following, which shows price
per ounce at which bullion value of silver in the coin is equal to face value in
country of issue, as fixed by director of the mint in United States currency.1
The tabl shows the situation only roughly, as bullion value of silver us
ually differs in different countries, and at present may differ materially:
Increased Wage
Was Followed
(Continued From Page One.)
o LUul
E 10
INTEREST DIGGERS
One, a Producer of Copper,
Has Been Partly Verified by
Investigation Carried on
Since the Civil War.
effective in reducing the ton-man ef
ficiency. As an example: In May last
the management having decided to
economize its tool-sharpening opera
tions, thereby being enabled to dis
pense with six r eight Mexican black
smiths, the grievance committee pro
tested, and not being able to convince
the management of the validity of
their contentions there was introduced
a system whereby thousands of feet
of steel was buried in the stope-filling
and the company not only put t'j great
expense, but its operations necessar
ily hindered until an additional supply
could be obtained. Discipline under
ground became impossible and insub
ordination was rife.
In June last the employes of all the
companies operating In the district,
through the instigation of the Arizona
Federation of Labor, and with its en
dorsement, demanded the so-called Mi
ami wage-scale. Declining to await
the arrival of Mr. Myers, the federal
mediator, they called a strike that has
suspended all operations in the district
for the past five weeks.
It is an interesting fact that while
the operators in the so-called Morenci-Metcalf-Clifton
district do not recog
nize the union the grievance commit
tees consisting exclusively of em
ployes of the mining companies yet
this district is the most completely
unionized in the state of Arizona. The
instructions to the grievance commit
tee are issued by the union and the
strike was called by it When it is
understood that the tonnage of ore
produced per man in the mines in this
district is only 2.1? as compared with
nearly 13 IVms at Miami, the compari
son of the wages paid at the two
points will appear to be greatly in
favor of the Morenci district.
Most readers of this statement will
naturally wonder why, if such condi
tions eixst with this class of laL'or,
American miners are not employed,
and the wages and efficiency increas
ed. Local conditions have in the past
governed this matter, but the main
reason at the present time is that
there are not enough American min
ers to man the mines of the state.
Then again, the Mexican workmen of
the district have been in most cases
resident there for many years and are
individually a desirable well-meaning
class t workmen. They are unfor
tunately racially susceptible to the so
cialistic arguments of agitators and
easily Influenced by oratory of the I.
W. W. type, with whose doctrine the
Arizona Federation of Labor is per
meated. They cannot understand that
the uni'jn. which rersuades them to
demand the wages that are paid to
the highest class of intelligent miner,
does so with the object of eliminating
them as an industrial factor in the
state's labor forces. The union that
sponsored the strike Vf highly-paid
Mexican workmen was the author and
active advocate of the notorious 80 per
sent law, which prohibited the em
ployment of other than qualified elec
tors or native-b'jrn citizens and which
was declared unconstitutional by the
supreme court of the United States.
FORCE 10,000 SERBIAN
GIRLS TO HAREMS
S. dollar
Face value in
U. S. currency,
cents
100
U. S. half dollar
Canadian dollar
Philippine peso
Philippine half peso
Mexican peso
Mexican half peso
British shilling
French franc
German mark
Japanese half yen
Indian rupee'
50
100
50
25
49.84
24.92
24.33
19.29
23.81
24.92
32.44
Pure silver
contents,
grains
371.25
173.61
333.00
246.912
115.74
377.1395
154.32
80.7272
44.286
77.16
124.9992
165.00
Price at whicn
silver in coin
equals face
value, cents
129.293
138.241
144.144
97.201
103.681
63.433
77.512
144.665
143.713
148.118
95.693
94.371
Standard coins o fother countries in Latin Union have same ratio.
Two Refineries
Close In August
It was impossible lor copper refin
eries to maintain full operations dur
ing August The continued strike of
miners, mill and smelter men in Mon
tana and Arizona so depleted supplies
as to cause iwo refineries to close
down.
The copper refinery yield jf the
United States during August was
probably curtailed to the extent of 50,
000,000 pounds, cutting, last month's
total down to about 150,000,000 pounds.
This compares with 180,000,000 pounds
in July and 200.000,00 pounds in June.
Esjtuated yield of copper refineries
in the United States thus far this year
compares as i'jllowb( pounds) :
Jauuary 175.0O0.0OO
February lBH.Oon.wiO
March 150,000.000
April 180.000.0IM)
May 190,0tt0,000
June 200,000.000
July lSO.OOO.OO"
August 150,000,000
Eight months 1,385,000,000
The September refinery yield will
show a further drop, as the effects of
the miners' strike will -be more fully
felt.
None of the larger properties ship
ping to the Guggenheim refineries has
been affected by labor difficulties and I
it is understood the aggregate yield i
from Perth Amboy, Baltimore and Ta-i
coma was c?Jse to normal.
Experience the Best Teacher
It is generally admitted that experi
ence is the best teacher, but should
we not make use of the experience of
others as well as our own? The ex
perience of a thousand persons is m'jre
to be depended upon than that of one
Individual. Many thousands of per
sons have used Chamberlain's Cough
Remedy fur coughs and colds with the
best results, which shows it to be a
thoi'jughly reliable preparation for
those diseases. Try it. It Is prompt
and effectual and pleasant to take.
Adv.
' Ten thousand Serbian girls fi'Jin 10
to 14 years old have been kidnapped
and deported from Serbia to the har
ems of Constantinople, to Bulgaria
and Asia Minor, say advices received
by M. Pasitch, the Serbian premier,
who is now in London.
"These depor;ations," M. Pasitch
said, "have been ging on since Feb
ruary, 1916, but the number was very
limited until a few weeks ago. Now
it has been systematized under Bul
garian controllers, and it is impossible
to predict how far it will go.
"Eight thousand girls have been
sent to Constantinople, and two thou
sand more to Bulgaria and Asia Minor.
Prisoners whom wo have taken on the
Saloniki frout tell us that the traffic
in our girihood has grown to be a by
word in Bulgaria and Turkey.
"The girls are kidnapped and taken
away secretly, particularly from the
smaller villages, until at present doz
ens of small towns have been quite
denuded of the young female popula
tion. "I do not think that the Turks are
the actual instigators of this gross vio
lation of the rules of civilized war
fare. All our information indicates that
the Bulgarians are the prime movers
and the Turks only incidental bene
ficiaries of the tralfic.
"The girls are too young to be of
any uso for laboring purposes: bo
sides, neither Turkey n'jr Bulgaria is
seriously handicapped for labor, and
in Turkey the use of young women for
outdoor work is practically unknown.
"11 is very difficult for us to do any
thing to help these unfortunate vic
tims. Our affairs in Constantinople
and Sofia are now in the hands of the
Dutch government, and we have made
the most eainest possible protests
through that government. But you
know how difficult it is to get any
act, On from Turkey. We have sug
gested, for instance, that some scheme
of reparation be put into effect itu
mediateiy; that the girls should be
sent back to some place beyond the
war zone. But I fear it is too late to
sae them aud that we can cnly wait
in patience until peace comes."
Missouri tradition is replete with
stories of "lost" mines, hidden treas
ures of silver, copper and other metals,
but there is one "lost" mine in the
state, the existence of which has been
partly verified, says the St Louis
Globe-Democrat. It has been the ob
ject of search more than fifty years
since its disgruntled operator "buried"
it to prevent it from passing out of
his possession.
In the search of fifty years hundreds
of prospectors have "gophered" its
supposed whereabouts and thousands
Of dollars have been spent in trying
to reclaim it, but it remains con
cealed. The mine is known as the Old Slater
Mine and is supposed to be situated on
the Jack's Fork branch of the Current
River, near Eminence, the county seat
of Shannon county. Years of litiga
tion have been responsible to some
extent for the lack of a more exhaus
tive search, but this has been settled,
and J. W. McClellan, a former state
legislator and at present prosecuting
attorney of Shannon county, has be
gun the search anew.
The history of the lost mine dates
from pre-Civil War days before the
creation by the legislature of Shan
non county. The story of the lost
mine has been retold so often by the
old settlers of the Current River hills
that several versions have been evolv
ed from the original facts.
Was Worth Thousands.
However divergent the stories, the
fact that the mine once produced cop
per In paying quanties to the sum of
more than $100,000 is history.
As the story is related, Joseph Sla
ter, and Englishman and a practical
miner, explored the Current River in
1830, and some time thereafter a short
distance from Eminence discovered
rich veins of copper ore. He immedi
ately Funk a shaft and set up a mill.
operated by water power. His em
ployees numbered six.
The sparse settlement of the adja
cent country made it possible for Sla
ter to operate his mine almost secret
ly. His employees were sworn to
secrecy, and even to this day the only
survivor refuses to divulge the loca
tion of the lost veins.
Slater shipped his ore overland to
the Iron Mountain Railroad, some six
ty miles distant, or floated it down the
Current River and the Mississippi to
New Orleans.
About 250 square miles of land em
braced by Shannon County was re
served by the government as "copper
lands." Later this reserve was
thrown open for settlement, the same
as other lands, and it was then that a
greater part of it was open to entry at
twelve and one-half cents an acre.
Mine Was "Buried."
Slater is known to have been oper
ating his mine at the time the lan
was thrown open to entry. The story
is that one of the Chiltons pioneers
of Southeastern Missouri went to
the land office and filed on the land
which embraced Slater's mine. Slater
heard of Chilton's plan and hurried otf
in pursuit Realizing that Chilton's
advantage could not be overcome. Sla
ter returned and ordered his employ
ees to "bury" the mine. The shaft
was filled with debris and the veins,,
said to have run near the surface,
were covered with sod and trees. The
employees are said to have taken oath
that they would never reveal the lo
cation of the ore deposits.
His mine "lost." Slater awaited Chil- j
ton's action. The fight for possession!
of the property followed and th! lit-
igation continued several years, when
Slater died. ' !
It was during the civil war that fate'
came near removing Chilton as an ob-;
stacle in Slater's path. Bands of gu-
errilas overran the country, stt-alliit;
and murdering. They had destroyed!
the town of Eminence and were mov-l
ing in the direction of Chilton's farm. !
The latter saw them coming and tried
to flee on horseback, but was detected.!
He was pursued into a dense forest,
and there he abandoned his horse and
concealed himself in an ivy covered
tree. From his place of concealment
he could hear the bandits planning his
murder, but they failed to find him and
gave up the search. That tree which
saved Chilton from death still stands,
on the Chilton estate. I
Wi.h the death of Slater an at-1
tempt was made to obtain from hisj
former employees the secrets or the
mine's location, but persuation failed.
The old prospectors used the "divin
ing rod" and later mining engineers
were sent to Eminence to make re
ports on the old mine. All agreed that
there was evidence of abundant quan
tities of ore.
A Lost Silver Mine.
The lost Slater mine recalls tradi
tions ot "lost" mines in the Ozarks.
A Missouri historical report says:
"There used to be a settler on the Cur
rent river before the war who appear
ed at irregular intervals at the towns
of Southeastern Missouri with a small
sack of silver which he claimed was a
product of a mine he owned. On sev
eral occasions he was followed into
the hills, but his silver mine was nev
er uncovered."
The old settlers of the Ozarks clung
long to the belief that precious met
als could be found in paying quanti
ties. They cherished the traditions
that the Indians and Spaniards mined
silved and concealed the sources. Mys
terious markings on the rocks were
carefully preserved in the confidence
that they indicated the neighborhood
of silver ore.
r
G. ft J. Ill
mm
(Continued From Par,e One)
pregnated schist, such as is found at
the United Verde.
The face of the 1A drift is about
25 feet from the No. 1 west crosscut
today. Conditions show no change of
note in the crosscut.
There is still a great deal of iron
and chalcopyrite In the face of the No.
2 south drift, which is run from the
600-foot station.- Now and -then a liule
copper oxide appears in the seams.
QUALITY
AND
SERVICE
Means what you want
and when you want it.
This is our long shot.
We have it can get it
or it isn't made. Look
at our stock in the yard
or on the jobs and com
pare it with what you
have been getting. The
price is no more.
Your Contractor should
figure with us.
We Want Your
Business
Gibson -Mines
Lumber Co.
J.W.F.Smita,FIgr. Phone88
J. B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 23
3. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO
Robert Henessy, Prop.
Opposite Depot. Arnoulsncf
EYE NERVE GLASSES
-.''''v.' Study and much re
a'S search work since
t y-N? 1S92, is the cause of
my successful practice
""r in Bjsbee. Dr. IL
Glaze, Neutrologist,
Room 7. Maze Bldg.. Phone, Office
156, Residence, Black 420.
Has a High Opinion of Chamberlain's
Tablets.
"I have a high opinion of Chamber
lain's Tablets for billiousness and as
a laxative," writes Mrs. C. A. Barnes.
Charleston, 111. "I have never found
anything so mild and pleasant to use.
My brother has alh'j used these tab
lets with satisfactory results." Adv.
We are paying good prices
tor hides.
ARIZONA JUNK CO.
Lowell, Arizona.
WATKINS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
J The HALLMARK; Store
GHIGHESTER S PILlS
f -' Ita jci hot aKuiuAVJ
"i "J ""'. with B;a R:IY
VJ T.L. ..,.1.-, nr., V
Zjf iiA wi.r i:r.AM fill, fa. s.
SOLD BY 0.UGGI5TS EWCYKHpj
To All Deputies
I want to impress upon each dep
uty sheriff the absolute necessity
for extreme self-control, cooL calm
judgment and patience. Avoid all
display of weapons. Remember,
you are deputized for protection of
self and property and the mainten
ance of peace. You are subject to
my call, a call which will be made
when necessary.
Let no act of yours tend to de
feat the object for which you were
deputized, namely the preservation
Df peace. I hold each man respon
sible for any illegal act or excess of
ais authority and this applies to ev
sry man in this district.
HARRY C. WHEELER,
Sheril.
CATARRH
Or TriE '
BLADDER
24. Hours
E.-ch Cd- s v
J. L. Winters
Phone 491, Lowell
List Your Property With Me
Ranches, Cattle," Automo
biles Old Line Fire Insurance
If you want Quick Action, and a
Square Deal, see me.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
Bisbee 5 Phones Tombstone 83
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
BISBEE TOMBSTONE
Leaves Bisbee:
Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a.m., 1:3Q p.m.
Leaves Tombstone:
Arlington Hotel 10 a.m., 5 p.m.
7-Passenger Cars Careful Driver
J. L. STROYICK, LOWELL, ARIZONA
OLD MASON BLACKSMITH SHOP
General blacksmithing and horseshoeing; welding, anto springs a spe
cialty; storage room for autos by the month. I also handle the famous
Norwalk casings and tubes, 6000 to 7000 miles guarantee. I also have
two second hand cars for sale.
ncnnnsi ess is o n n k; s
0
Pi
BISBEE FUEL AND
FEED COMPANY
NEXT TO COPPEH QUEEN HOTEL
Office 'Phone 121
To Our Trade
It is not a question of prices, but a ques
tion of getting the COAL. An acute
shortage of production, as well as
transportation facilit'es, possible face us
for the winter.
Hadn't you better phy SAFETY FIRST,
while we have the COAL, and let us FILL
YOUR BINS NOW?
We are doing our pirt in advising and
FOREWARNING you. Don't scold us,
but blame yourself, if you fail to have
COAL to drive away the COLD this win
der. Yard 'PI one 151
BISBEE FUEL AND
FEED COMPANY
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
I . AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best ot everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
NT
Ui
n
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Fore River Shiphuihlig corporation'
has filed claims for exemption on in
dustrial grounds on behalf of its em-'
ployes subject to draft.
pw pjwr Wf
wwpc w tvxj ivuv r ,
Uoumm tfti jtikA -
THE BODY OF OUR PAINT
Is pure white lead. It Is mixed with
turpentine or pure linseed oil ac
rording to whether it is to be used
for In or outside work. There Is no
grit in it; no adulterants to make
it3 manufacture cheaper. Paint ex
perts always get their supplies
here. Wouldn't it be wise for you
I to follow their exanirxe.
Bisbee Lumber Company. im
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL CAR STOP
PHONE 25 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 16, 1917.
THREE
IAN LIVE
STOCK
DOUBT ASJO FUTURE
Dearth of Shipping From the
Antipodes has Become a
Source of Worry to Cattle
And Sheepmen in Austra
lia. SYDNEY. Australia. Aug. 2 (Corre
spondence of the Associated Press).
As the Australian livestock industry
depends upon the export trade, and
as the war exigencies, including Gerl
man submarine operations, have
brought about the greatest dearth ot
tonnage the Antipodes have ever
known, cattlemen In the common
wealth have become alarmed regard
ing the future of their business.
The prime minister, William M.
Hughes, speaking in parliament re
cently, conceded that so far as he
could see there was no solution of a
problem confronting livestock owners
normally engaged in producing meat
for export.
That problem is what to do with
their Surplus meat Weekly the grav
ity of the situation increases. Under
ordinary conditions Australian sup
plies of meat far exceed domestic de
mand, but thanks to refrieeration
abroad there is virtually unlimited)
trade. But war-time want of vessels
has resulted in closing overseas mar
kets and the filling of domestic re
friserating plants to repletion. ' -
As regards this state New . South
Wales there is usually a heavy in
crease in the supplies of livestock
sent to Sydney . about October and
November, when the sheep-shearing
season is over and cattlemen are pre
paring to reduce' their herds and
flocks. If this course is followed this
year ,a reduction in values is Inev
itable. On the other hand, present
prospects are that the coming sum
mer will not be drouehty and it will
therefore be a good '"holding" sea
son. Mr. Hughes advised pastoralists and
graziers to "adjust ther bUFiness by
maintaining their flocks and herds for
some time on the hoof." But if the
summer is favorable and perforce the
Prime Minister's advice is taken, ser
ious losses will be entailed, especial
ly in view of a recent decision by the
Commonwealth Arbitration Court at
Melbourne increasing the wages of
ranch hands by about $2,000,000 in the
aggregate.
AUSTRAL
Properly Protected Plates
The two most important elements in a battery are
the plates and the insulation that keeps the plates apart
Willard Threaded Rubber Insulation properly protects
the plates from contact with one another.
Electricity can't work, through the rubber, the acid
electrolyte doesn't corrode it And thousands of tiny
threads make possible the vitally essential movement of
the electrolyte from plate to plate.
Next time you're in for your regular testing, ask us
about the remarkable records made by Still Better
Willard Batteries on 35,000 cars.
Lohman & Wright
Central Theatre Bldg. Lowell Arizona
TO
fWillard
j In the adjoining state of Queenland,
the foremost cattle state in the com
monwealth, the situation is even more
j perturbing. The Queensland packing
I plants, some of which are American
I owned, are full and it is upon their
; operation that live slock owners re
i ly. Moreover, the presence of cattle
I tick in some border districts of the
I state and the plentiful supply of meat
' i nNew South Wales preclude an out
! let in this direction.
i In general cattlemen are worse off
than sheep men because the latter
have a potential market for wool. In
j this connection. Premier Hughes re
I cently furnished parliament with sta
istics showing that the large sum of
j $!80.000.0ift was realized lor Austral
I ia's wool during the wool season
! which ended June SO. Tiie premier re
viewed the operation of the scheme
I by which the British government com
Imandeered the 5 91617 clip. The ac
quisition was a war measure the ex
tent and complexity' of which, he said,
I would have staigered the trade in nny
I but these abnormal days, but it work
i ed out most satisfactorily.
The total value of the wool actually
controlled and brought un-ler the
scheme amounted to $120,700,000 and
, the woll catalogued and sold by auc-
tion and private arrangement in the
I chief markets of the commonwealth,
! Sydney, Melbourne. GeelongA Bris
bane. Adelaide, Hobart and Perth,
from November 23. 1916, amounted to
about $51,640,000. or a total . by" sale
and appraisement of- $17S.340.000. In
addition some wools were shipped to
London which did not fall within the
acquisition scheme or appear in the
supplies catalogued and sold in inter
state markets. The acquisition ac
counted -for approximately 1.144.6S1
bales at about $110 a bale.
Such benefits to wool growers dur
ing a time when embargoes ordered
by the British government operated
against exports to neutrals and when
German submarines militated against
shipping facilities to the United King
dom and allied countries are consid
' ered remarkable.
Mr. Hughes explained that the com
ing season's clip had been acquired
by Great Rrita'n under conditions sim
ilar to those which prevailed in the
wool year of 1916-17. Then central
wool committee at Melbourne is al
ready in possession of reports from
the state committees as to the work
ing of the scheme last season with a
view to rectifying defects in it. These
relate to appraisement methods and
to relative values of classes of wool.
Consequently it is believed that the
machinery of acquisition during the
season of 1917-18 will be much more
efficient than when it was installed
in January last.
BATTERY
'.t'-c
Threaded Rubber Insulation
SUBMARINE HOTHER
IT
j Dutch Firm Builds Novel Boat
l To Handle Submarines For
Spanish Navy.
HAARLEM. Netherlands, Aug. 2X
A novel mother ship for submarines
recently successfully underwent its
first official trial in the harbor at
Amsterdam. It was built in Holland
for the Spanish navy by a well-known
Haarlem firm.
The vessel presents an extraordi
nary appearance. It looks like two
long, narrow boats joined together,
and its chief feature is a crane capa
ble of raising objects from under the
sea to a weight of 6D0 metric tons
and from a depth of about 136 feet.
This strange craft is nearly 2S0 feet
long and more than 64 feet wide.
Each of- the two parallel hulls is about
20 feet wide, and between them is
a space of 26 feet in width over
which is arranged the electrically
driven lifting apparatus for the hoist
ing of sunken submarines.
Apart from the crane, the ship is
equipped with big workshops for the
carrying out of repairs, as well as
arranged to serve as a depot for the
Spanish submarine fleet. A cylin
der filled with water weighing about
720 tons, acted the part of submarine
in the trial just held.
TO THE UNEMPLOYED MEN AND
WOMEN OF THE UNITED
STATES:
Why not try canvassing for a
change? A pleasant and profitable
money-making pastime, either perma
nent or temporary. Unna's Mending
Tissue is the best and easiest selling
agents article on 'he market today;
an article of merit; everyone buys
and buys again after once vising:
mends all fabrics without the use of
needle or threat; saves time, labor
and sewing materials; ridiculously
easy to use; samples and full par
ticulars and instructions by mail post
paid for only 10c. silver or stamps.
Millions now sold throughout the
United States. Canada and Mexico.
Won't you join and start making
money now? Address . today, New
York Specialties Co., 467 Broadway,
New York City. Adv.
PRIVATE Sanitarium for mental
cases exclusively. Located
near the Ocean at Venice,
Cal. House Physician is a mental
specialist of wide reputation. Only
nurses having years of experience
In this special work employed. For
terms write Mrs. F. Crossland, Ma
tror. Palms. Cal.
STORAGE 1
0
A
COCHISE COUNTY'S
"Why don't you print a picture Of i ing camp at the beginning of the war.
Sheriff Wheeler?" scores of Bisbee but was rejected upon a physical de
citizens have asked the editor of The feet that was a mere technicality, i:
Review. And always the answer has
been, in a hopeless voice: "I cannot
get his picture. He has none and he
will not have one taken."
But where there's a will there's a
way. Frank Walsh, the artist pride
of Brewery Gulch, came to the editor's
aid. He had a hard job, too. ' Of the
one or two pictures of Captain
Wheeler in existence, all were taken
many years ago, when he had a mous- j
taclie, and they only slightly resemble j
the Wheeler of today. But Walsh took
his trusty pen and drew, partly from i
the faded old-time photos, and partly
fiOm a study of the sheriffs features, j
the likeness reproduced above. I
The sheriff may deport the artist!
and the newspaper man for printing
his likeness without his permission,
but it will be in a good cause. The
only trouble with this sheriff is, he
is too modest. One cannot get a story ;
from him about anything in which he !
plays a leading part. No picture, no
story, no heroics from this courage
ous, competent, modest sheriff.
The fame he won all over the coun
try since the great drive has not af
fected him in the least. He is exactly
the same in soft voice, gentle man
ner, shrinking from publicity and
pushing forward in the way of danger
and duty. He is handling the wOb
blies today, fairly and fearlessly, just
as he handled them two months ago.
But Sheriff Wheeler's ambition is
not for the limelight. He wants to
be a soldier and fight for Uncle Sam.
He comes from soldier stock. His
father was a captain in the regular
army, Fighting Joe Wheeler is of the
same bloOd and breed. His brother
has enlisted in the new army that is
to go to France. Sheriff Wheeler has
been in the regular army for five
years and also served as a captain
of the Arizona Rangers for four years.
He tried to enter the officers' train-
Business Men and Firms Non-Members of
Citizens' Protective League
J. L. Tate
Henry Waters
Western Vulcanizing Co.
Standard Bottling Wks.
Tyrol Store
California Bakery
Little Wonder Chili Stand
Jno. Luka
Lowel! Cash Store
Lowell Coal & Wood
Jno. P. MacGregor, I 'ell
A. P. Maran
National Groc. Co.
Los Angeles Grbc.
Max Scharlin
Bob Cochran
Elite Dye Works
Jno. Bugan & Co.
Forum Cafe
Suglch & Meletanovlch
Blunt & Blunt
Geo. Branson
GREAT UTTIZ SHERIFF
being a scar left from an operation
following a kick from a horse.
Sheriff Wheeler is probably more
active, wiry, and capabie of the fa
tigue of army life than three-fourths
of the new officers now in training.
Cochi.se county is not selfish. She
is proud of Sheriff Wheeler. She;
needs him still. He has done much
for her and is still on the job, a tenOr
I to the wobblies and all lawless loafers
and law breakers and vagabonds that
infest industrial communities. But
whatever he wants, she wants hira to
have. He wants to go to France as
captain in the Firot Arizona. Cochise j
county is behind him in this ambition.
Governor Campbell's co-operation and j
aid are sought in this matter. It
would be a fine and fitting reward for
this famous ranger captain and sheriff
and leader of men to have his comnils-
I slon direct from the president, trans-1
mitted through the hands of the gov
ernor pf his state. He has earned it
by his services to his state and gov
ernment in time of war. He is quali
fied, both by training and by natural
capacity. He wants it. Arizona wants
him to have it.
Why not, Mr. Governor?
BOY SCOUTS
The Boy Scout.; took an earnest
part in the Liberty Loan campaign, j
About 10,000 troops assisted in selling ,
the bonds. They made 150,000 sales,;
aggregating $21,000,000. To those mak-i
ing ten or more sales the government I
gave a certificate or War Service,
signed by President Wilson, and
others.
The Scouts in Bisbee are now en-1
gaged in gathering up 1,000 pairs of
shoes to be sent to the poor in France.
They are meeting with good success.
Shideler Auto Service
Frank Briggs
Quick Service Cafe
G. S. Routh
Rudoph Ward & McKlnney
So. Bisttee Store
Ariz. Junk Co.
Cbx Co.
R. Davis
Edwards Realty Co.
French Dry Cleaners
O. S. French
Goetiens & Powers
Triangle Barber Shop
Mack Herzfeld
Racket Store
Elite Cleaners
American Grocery
J. A. Poppe
O. K. Restaurant
Harry Crawford
Advertisement
Business and Professional Members of
Citizens' Protective League
Lank of Bisbee, by M. J. Cunning
ham, Cashier
Standard Furn. Co.
Hood & Bledsoe
C. W. Ruth
Ellinwood & Ross
P. W. Buck waiter
John Angius
J. R. Henderson
Frankenberg Bros. & Newman
Citizens' Bank & Trust Co., by C.
A. McDonald. Cashier
Phelps Dodse Merc. Co.. by W. H.
Brophy, Gen. Mgr.
Arizona Ins. Agency, by M. J. Cun
ningham. Secy, and Treaa.
J. M. McGregor
Collins & Brethrton
Bisbee Auto Co., by J. J. Bowen
E. T. Rountree
Cochise Motor Co., by Simmons
Jas. P. Downs
Reynolds Music and Gift Shop, Mrs.
F R. Reynolds
Robert Sasse
J. C. White
M. J. Brophy
The Miners' Store, by Ralph Brown
Buxton Smith Co.. by B. L. Smith
Bisbee Daily Review
Bisbee Lumber Co., E. Marks
Ceo. D. Craig
Bisbee Improvement Co., by C. S.
Thompson
John M. Johnson
Bank of Lowen, by J. M. Lyons,
Asst. Cashier
Brophy Gar. & Sup. Co.
Purity Drug Co.
J S. Douglas
I- R. BaUey
Miners' & Merchants' Bank, by P
W. Euekwalter. Cashier
J. B. Angius. by John Angius
Henderson & Watkins Lbr. Co.
Palace Grocery Co., by George Med
igovlch
Gus Hickey & Co.
W. II. Brophy
W. E. Hankin
Treus Meat Market
Schwartz Bros. Co.
Arizona Gro. Co.
Watkins & Berquist
Stewart & Rountree
C. H. Philbrook
Bisbee Dye Works
Palace Tnd. Co.. by W. G. Hubbard
Hrgan & Seed, by Hogan
Norris Art Studio, Mrs. Norrls
Welbourne & Dodds
II. S. Hillman .
J. M. Ball, Druggist
S. A. Coco
I. W. Wallace
Sam H. Kyle
Bisbee Drug Co., by P. L.
L. J. Overlock
Francis E. Shine
Louis G. Sena
Depot Market.
0. K. Liv. & Und. Co.
Bisbee Fuel & Feed Co.
Central Pharmacy
J. C. Leroy
The Imperial, by Win. McGlynn
Queen laundry
Oibson-Hines Lumber Co.
Bruce Perley
D. C. Minton
Michael Keane
S. Grant
J. H. Grant
Cochise Lumber Co.
Mainland & Williams .
Lowell Drug Co.
Clarkson & Roberts
Southern Arizona Furn. Co.
Long Trail Garage, by Frank Mar
tin. Busy Bee Cafe
Chile King Restaurant
Presto Lunch
W. Muir
L. A. Brown
Chas. Cunningham
J. E. Curry
A Valjean
Fred T. Bragonier
J. G. Potts
Thorlelf Olson
Dr. C. H. Bowker
Woolworth Co., by L. H. Boyee
Progressive Amusement Co.
Lyric Theater
Harry Sealey
Copper Queen Hotel,' by H. Poppen
Central Theater, by E. V. Tracy
J. L. Powell
M. C. High
English Kitchen
Dlx Studio
1. C. E. Adams
J. E. Brophy. Agent Texas Co.
C. A. Novice, Mgr. J. C. Penny Co.
towell Bakery
Teter Seegar
Miners' Groc. by Lee Joanovich
Ihman & Wright
D. W. Art
Chas. Sch-ilte. Mgr. City Dye Wks.
T. A. Hughes
Wiles & Greeley
Powell & Yelderton
Kern & Kehoe
F. N. Lacy
W. S. Mize
A. Ramick
C. Rosen barger
Antler Hotel
Frank Morrellcs
City Hand Laundry
Dr. G. H. Fitzgerald
Dr. C. L. Edmundson
Geo. E. Howird
Chas. P. Pe'ers
Colorado House, by Lee J. Oliver
Myrs. Darling Hlnton Co.
Park Cafe, by C. V. Reiffel
Standard Laundry
John Twomey
City Bakery
H. P. Millard
Independent Fuel & Feed Co.
R. Gherna
Lloyd L. Gilman
Arthur Notman
Copper Queen Cons. Mng. Co., br
O. H. Dowell
J. H Verfurth
J. C. Ryan
P. J. Meenan
Warren Ranch, by H. Nowell
Bisbee Naco Water Co.
Johnson Add. Fur. Co.
Brophy Carriage Co., by J. B.
Brophy
Gus Haigler
Clsbee Plbg. & Htg. Co.
E. B. Wallace
I McWhorter
Tbos. A. Whitehead
Lee Janovic h
Warren Laundry Co.
A. R. Miller
James Sena
Johnson Meat Co.
J. S. McNfcish
Edw. J. Flanlgan
Cleon T. Knapp
C. H. Vail
C. H. Hunt ,
Thos. Watkins
T. H. J. Heidi
Ezra B. Rider
M. C. Benton
Harry A. Reese
J. J. White
Martin Elting
C. & A. Copper Co.
Warren Street Ry.
Lem Shattuck
W. P. Simms
Mark P. John
K. R. Wlnstead
L. H. Bovee
H. E. Morgan i
Quality Tailors,
by W. A. Douglass
McWhorters. by L.
McW.
John Caretto
Brown & Dicksteln
E. A. Torrea & Co.
V. M. Johnson
Mason Market
Thomas Blair
M. D. Cohen
E. P. Dupen
Williams & Flanigan
FIcnigan
by E. J.
Smith & Zie8emer,
by R. A. Zlese-
mer
Gonzales & TueD
George A. Bridge
N. C. Bledsoe
Wni. Eitlng
;. 3. Quill
H. Cochran
D. B. Klepper
J. C. Kriegbaum
Nathanson & Marcellus
W. J. McGregor
Fred Johnson
Eugene Stevens
A. W. Robertson
Al. Kobey Shoe & Tallorin
Co.
Superior Ice Cream Co.
W. E. Irwin
Robert Hennessy
Lyric Confectionery
White House Cafe
11. M. Jacobs
E. P. Norton
J. F. Sinclai"
Chris Vukasovich
J. P. Steffes
New State Cash Stor
M. Levin
Geo. R. Taylor
S. Morganstein
R. O. Owens
S T. Moss
Cncle Jim, by Jas. Finney, Jr.
Dr. A. Edward Roome
C. A. Novis
Warner Dining Room
French Kitchen
Brewery Gulch Restaurant
City Blacksmith
Dr. J. P. Teufert
Warner Hotel
H. Hayes
Bisbee Or
W. H. Anderson
Standard Oil Co., by J. J. Sparks,
Agt
Odeon Cafe, by Jno. Miller
T. F. Meti
Ixwell Hotel, by H. L. Thomas
Orient Pool Hall, by R. J. Hoff-
meyer
Dr. O. W. Brandon
S. K. Williams
Alex Murray
J. D. Taylor
Fred Sutter
Geo. V. Bell
Johnson Hotel
Sanitary Bakery
Orpheum Cigar Stand, by O.
N.
Jones
D. F. Stetson
CJias. W. Keirsey
I E. Dean
Golden Hofel
Western Union Tel. Co., by R. N.
Henderson, Mgr.
San Jose Rooming House, by J. W
King
J. P. Chiado
Chas. Clausen
Pat Cleary
Fred Johnson
G. H. Newberry
Carl Clausen
Letson Hotel, by Oscar Leavltt
James Van Horn
Lowell Motor Co.
Ozark House, by B. Clemens
Lowell Motor Co.. J. O. Main
Stag Club, by D. J. Kennedy
H. E. Wcotton
Goodyear Shoe Shop
Electric Shoe Shop
J. Randell
Sanitary Dairy
Crittenden Transfer Co.
Advertisement. .
Z3 THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 16, 1917.
BISBEE EDUCATIONAL SYSTEM RANKS HIGH
FOUR
Mann Peonle Unaware
-M-
of Work Done in
Schools
High School Is New Member North Central Association of
Colleges and Secondary Schools High Honor.
"What do you know about
It isn't an astonishing question, but put it to the first ten
men you meet and you will, in
ing answers. Of course, everyone knows that Bisbee has' Amons lfhe ""lards relating t,
P . , ii i' jLf-i j teachers of academic subjects arc,
schools, and as schools go, they re supposed to be fairly good. flrst the minimum attainment of
But after that I graduation from a standard college
Well, Mr. and Mrs. or Miss Reader, after that not very where uhe curse fur .ears " ad;
, 1 r 1 i 11 i ivance of the standard .high school
many people, outside or the students themselves, know any- COUrse; and second, that the training
thing about the educational system of the District. j of such teachers shall be at least eiev-
Last week a man remarked that a grade school was a en semester hours Education,
grade school and a high school was a high school ; whether in Tae High School's principal. E. Q.
San Francisco, Washington, New York, New Orleans, Chica- Snider, is a graduate of the University
CO or Pittsburgh. ' : of Illinois, and during the past summer
' .i-p .j i. .i 'it e completed his work there for the
I rue, said a listener, but it takes the exception to Master's degree . Hsi teaching experi-
prove the rule. Bisbee is the exception, and an exceptionally ence includes district, grade, high
fine exception; with grade schools above the average and
with a high school as distinctive
Rather a broad remark," commented the original speaker,
Mof " fJ U
.. . c ir-)M
investigate tor yourselt t
And that is how this article
printed here to tell you all about the local schools, but rather
..l .1 . i . j.i. .... !! i t j j
with the idea in mind that your appetite will be whetted and
that you, too, will investigate
Highly experienced teachers are!
placed in charge of the primary work,'
so when the little tot commences his;
schooling he has someone over him;
who understands him thoroughly and;
who understands the best method of
breaking him to school discipline. It!
is a mights hard thing for a wee
youngster to become accustomed to
books, study, and order, when he has
spent all of his life playing out in his
mother's back yard its a case "where
a feiier needs a friend," and it isn't1
very Icng before he discovers that!
friend to be "teacher." j
Book Supplied Gratis. j
Beginning at the second grad?, !
work begins in earnest. In the Bis-i
bee schools, all of the books in use are'
- supplied free to the pupils, and a gen-!
erous state provides the best and the;
most interesting texts available. This
holds true all the way through thej
grades.
In the Central school, there are two
people with interesting and fascinat-
ingt positions. They are the school
doctor and the school nurse. Soon
there will be a school dentist. Their j
very titles tell in a general way oi
4l.A;. I., ol-
mcii nviK a 1 1 iv t, 1 1 ii.ij niu i . uu.
en up in detail in an article at a laU-r
date. It is the purpose of this shall
,t. ) ".,11 oil" .n that
telline mav reauire several columns
in several Sunday Issues for weeks to' The Association is beyond all ing it do charcoal and pencil rirawir.-:;,
come. There is a strong temptation doubt the most gsnerally recognized and take up bas'ietry and rug vofi
to linger in the grade rooms with the standardizing agenry in the education- ing. Those who continue the work
children, to stay with them as they el United States. It is of first rank, through the sophmore year get pni
play on their rings and parallel and Among its aims are those of providing tery, pastel, and water color wo; !;
horizontal bars, and to watch the girls co-operation, of considering common while the juniors iake up costume 'ic
compete with the boys as gymnasts; problems, of promoting the well-being signing, .house planning, and ali that
but there isn't room lor everything st of students, and of elevating scholar- goes with it. This "all" is hard
one time, so for the present, in tfc.v ship and faculty standards to the high- work, too. The students study nil
language of Burton Holmes, "we will est possible plane. the new houses that are erected in
on" to the Bisbee High school. ,
The High School.
The High school may well be treated
in a general, and equally well in a
specific, manner. That it has been
accredited with membership in the
North Central Association of Colleg-
es and Secondary Schools is a matter;
for congratulation and a certain de-
Lyceum Features Listed
For Winter Entertainment
With six of the most delightful en-j
tertainments ever assembled on oiiO
Lyceum course, the citizens' commit-1
tee announces its program for the;
coming season. The first number will !
be the Ben Greet I'layers, who appear
here the 6th of October. I
It was only a few weeks ago that'
the Redpath bureau succeeded in ar-!
ranging for a Hen Greet company of,
twelve to appear in plays practical
for Lyceum courses. Ben Greet se-
lected "Much Ado About Nothing":
and "Twelfth Night" as the two ve
hicles for his Lyceum company the.
former for its delicious and witty com
edy, and the lalter because it is one
of the best written plays of the mas
ter wilier. Shakespeare. These are
real, educational productions of mas
terpieces, and, irrespective of the one.
is produced locally, lovers of true act
ing are assured a wonderfully pleas-j
ant evening. j
Ligt Opera i
On November 22 the. Montatue
Light Optra Singers will be here.
Lyceam committees are very apt to
regard grand opera as high brow 1
something that appeals to the few
rather than the many. Be this as it
may, lij.ht opera apfeals to all classes.
the schools of Bisbee?
all probability, get ten astonish-
as it is successful.
1 "n., ...1 J
Came to be written. It. isn't
ror yourself.
C. F. PHILBROOK.
Superintendent of Schools.
gree of civic pride.
Just what this
mpTTihprsliln nioanti pun ho riw 1 i icA
...... . u.u..u H(a . . .
only by becoming acquainted with the
principles, ideals, and standards o.
that orira n i 7n t inn
What It la.
It is a distinct h inor for any school
to hold relationship with this body,
The Association's oflieial recognition
gives standing to that school amoi
educated men and women everywhere,
Its approval is a letter of introduction
to all colleges, universities, and pro-
fessional schools in the country; guar-;
anteeing efficiency too, and high stand-
The names of Reginald De Koven,
Victor Herbert and many others are
synonymous with niflsic that always
pleases and captivates as well as be
ing really good music. Therefore, the
Montague Light Opera Singers come
into a most desirable and apprecia
tive field. . . A
A Quartet, of Course
The Homeland Quartet will furnish
the entertainment on January 8. Their
singing is an artistic combination of
popular and classic music, and they
have a purposeful program. Patriotic
choruses, a dash of the better sort of
late popular airs, and the never-tiring
songs of the campus make up their
work. Perhaps who knows? they
will take pity on the men in their au
dience and give them just a taste of
good, old fashioned "barber shop"
harmony!
More Music
In February the famous Schumann
Quintet will appear. When Carl Lam
pert organized the Schiiman.i Quintet
lie made possible a notable advance
in the musical life of the Lyceum and
Chautauqua. He has furnished abso.
lute proof that the people are hungry
for real music. Lyceum audiences are
no louder frightened by classical pro
L. i :
ing In, these institutions. Accredited
1 relations with the Association brings
to a secondary school the same dis-
i Unction and honor that Phi Beta Kap-
j pa or Sigma Xi membership confers
on an individual to or that high Brad
i street rating brings ot a firm in busi-j
j ness. Moreover, membership in the :
! Association aids boards of education
jto secure better prepared teachers, to
j erect barriers against untrained in-'
jstructors, and to generally raise high-i
' er all educational standards.
The Association's Standards. '
i The standards of qualification re-
quired by the Association are numer
,ous. They are rigid and conserv
' ative. To have fulfilled them, and '
! especially to have been entered in the
accepted" list on the first appliea-
ti0n ie
a tmng or wnicn tne lii-rii
school may be honestly proud
8cn001 and academy work.
Miss Hattie Mallom is vice-principal
and teacher of Latin and history.
g;13
taught In both grade and higa schools,
and her aimer mater is Albion. The
mathematics teacher( do students in
hjgh echool stul despise her subject
with the same intensity that it has
been despised for generations?)
Miss Marie Bartlett a graduate
Coiorado college.
is
! Instruction in Latin and French
comes under Miss Genevieve Stimson.
: who hails from the University
Michigan: while a Bisbee girl and
product of the state university teaches
civics and economics. She is Miss
Catherine Hoy.
MLis Florence Watkins, who ?r.-
stills knowledge concerning histo.-y
and Latin into the minds of the many,
has but completed her first year of i'er juniors take up sinirle and doul.le
teaching. In 1916 she was graduated tatting and French embroidery. They
from, the Milwaukee-Downer cuH-g. also make nfiornoon gowns. I!er
previous to which she had received her seniors make silk and woolen dressy;
diploma from the very institution in petticoats, wtUi hats to match; grai
which s.he is now serving- nation gowns, and more of the elab-
Teaching mathematics and directing orate "wnat-you-may-caU'ems". Dur
athletics is a Utah Agricultural col- ing all this work these girb are als.
lege man, E. J. Laurenson. He has
done grauate work at Illinois. An
OJiio U. graduate, C. W. D. Chance,
has charge ofScience, and he is admir
ably fitted for it. having specialized in
that field at the University of Chica
go. The Art Department.
i Directing the art department is Miss
Anna Wilmer's task. She has been uate, end Harry Crockett, a Ptou In
graduated from both the Illinois Stale stitute man. It is of interest to note,
.Normal College and the Kansas Man- in passing, that the High School h;;s
ual Training Normal College. She has
dnno cnnimcr a-nrV at Pnlifnrnin ar-t
vu... . u ... ... . " - . ............. .....
in the. Chicago Art Institute. Under
her supervision, one of the most i.ov-
el nnrt nlpnsinir rnnrspa in the Hiirli
school, is offered. The freshnien tak-
Bisbee and the best way in which to
furnish them; and tfcey also study
varnishes, paints, and period furr.ii-ii
Ings. Before they complete their ji:n
ior year each must plan -and design a
five room bungalow and write out the
specifications.
When the artists get to their senior
year they take up china painting awl
grams as the Schumann Quintet ren
ders them. This company brings to
the Lyceum a genuinely new idea
that of presenting symphonic concerts
with a company of only five musi
cians. To secure tlite symphonic effect a
specially constructed organ is carried
by this company. This gives all the
reed and wind effects of a large or
chestra and. combined with the piano
and stringed instruments, produces re
sults as surprising as they are unique.
To create added interest the quintet
gives historic introductions to its pro
grams, i
I In order that he might accurately
; interpret the music of Beethoven, Mo
zart and other great composers. Lam
i pert spent several years abroad in
; the places where the composers lived,
i making a special study ot the scenes
and surroundings which inspired their
. work.
He studied the folk suites of Ihe dif
ferent countries of Europe, including
Itohemia. Germany. France, Austria,
'also lu Scandiua inn countries. "Tlie.
j art songs of these countries. '' says
! lie. "are but intensified folk sons."
These folk and art songs are interest
ingly described by Mm. '
Colby, thg cartoonist, is lifted lor
Mrach. Colby challenges the world
in the making of platform pwtrres.
combining quickness and artisti: ef
fect. He accompanies his work on
fiie easel with an almost continuous
Sow of enteriaining .humorous auu
I CCCMO-w AlONC AT UNl "
f ir rtf m 15 to er lons A , Av
Tr M'5T wtn. m Tntc gJtJv
.Vy v' 2 WILL MAvS :McKtA3t! C ' J J ' V
NOT THE TIME FOR STOPPING
thA hisitnrv nf art In Mis Wilnier's
ciass room mire are sume "icu!
specimens ot tnis painting an exino-
it well worth a long and hot walk for
e privilege oi viewing.
What The Girls Enjoy,
Mary Gaden has charge of the
domestic science and art She is a
Kansas fatate College product, ana in
of addi'ion to graduate work mere sue tjonai worK fitting himself for his ca
has done similar work at t.'ie Stout rcer ,lt thG Greer School, the Tnivpr.
Institute and at California.
From the
girl's point of view
Miss Cn.ien's do-
nnnii,nt is the most nractical iu the
i i t. " c i .-t. .. i
a scaou.. rier ..mi.ni up a..
sorts of elementary sewing, mciim-
nK darning a fact whith should ever
keeD Bisbee High school girls in bis
demand on the matrimonial market:
Her tophmoivs make fancy blouses
and lai'cy "unmentionables;" while
studying the fine are oi mastering
the way to a man's hoar!," lei.rr.in?
how to prepare everything from a war
time lunchecn for t'aree to a big lea?uo
banquet!
Manual Training.
The boys are given practical intruc
tion in manual training by K. G. Lim
precht, a University of Colorado grsd-
a perfectly equipped suop. T ie I:t-
OSt machines. laLllOG, alia drlliS fTC
wrk?l daily by young fellows nvuiy
them, doubtless. l!a;n2r parents
who th;r-k them id!ll:g away the:r ti;ilO
conjugating San..kr:t
vetiih! Tii-re
is in addition a complete fir.T1 in con
nection villi this d' partmert. Bj'ore
1-iiig a n.'.t li!ne shop v.i:'. ;io built by
the students taking this troji., ami i u
tomobile owners in the ci!:,trict v. ill be
al le io take tiieir cars to a place where
t'l'r-y can n ;oi'e an "etiu.ition over
hauling." "The Printery."
A feature which exeeptioiialiy few
peopl" know r.bout is the
rrintcry". On th? !ir.':t
"i.ish inhcol
floor of the
building is a s1 tip v.itiih turns out a
high f,rat'c oi work; j;rir.ting ail r-f
the form- neetied in the I!i-?h rchorjl's
different departments, and publishing
i.'te ar.iii al. I A priittir.g shop is al
ways a worth while place to look in
upon, and it is an inspiration to watch
instructive comment. Tiie rapid trans
formations and changing scenes he
portrays by a few simple strokes ot
his crayon keep his audienco divided
between wonder and applause.
Oratory
In April comes Thomas Brooks
Fletcher. It is the common coiuent
of the crties of the Lyceum il.il form
that no man of recent years has
achieved more brilliant success or met
with higher favor in the estimation
of lei tine course patrons than lias
Tiomas 1 '.rooks Fletcher.
At first it was feared by some that
Flcidur's success was almost too
great that he would be Uke a bril
liant meteor to illumine the Lyceum
world but for a time; that he would
not last. But such fears have been
transformed into wonder and admira
tions s they have seen this accom
plished young orator with sttadlasl
and indomitable purpose equal to til'
mighty task of pnniiu- himself one
of the most brilliant and brainy men
of the great Lyceum profession.
Chance to Save
Siimle .I'l'ia-isiim lo all of the en
ti r.aiiimi tits iil total ft. but a course
ticket may tie obtains! i.,r !?L'.."ai. In
asmii'li as e. cry member this year
stands at the lie;llI of the eiiteitaia
ineuts of a similar nature in the Ly
ceum field, it is a worth-while econ
omy to purchase a ticket for all six
tents.
SCHOOLHOUSE CONSTRUCTION.
these vonnstera finme nf Thm otill
... ouu.i iiuuS:io-uiAiiiS inuusin-
ousiy a-.vay ai a traae ana receiving
grades instead of pay for their effort.!and thjrd groups prepare more direct,
Business as usual. jiy for college than any of the other3,itend the afternoon classes. Three
ihe commercial courses are under although each is sufficiently flexible classes are held each evening; the
the supervision of S. S. Safford, a that it may be made college prepare-! first beginning at 6:30. the second at
sradutte of the Bowleg Green Busi- tory by the exercise of proper guiJ-'7:20, and the third at 8:10. In the af
ness University. He has done addi- ance. Iternoons the cla'sses are at 1:00. 1:43.
ity of Chi-ago, and the University of
iir-i Th.. ... .
i, . ,;,
01)1UM1 . a i it. i c it a iiaiitw tn uwn-
partr.l"nt that Handles the notes
jraftSt and checks that the stud
?nts ue in bookkeeping. The "bank'
js run ),y the more advanced students
?.ni after a boy or girl has finished
ihis course a thorough knowledge has
ijecn gained of the basic principles of
"big busines.--.."
Many excellent stenographers are
turned out by the department every
tar. Althugh stenography is an elec
tive course, the twenty machines are
Kept busy throughout the day. and six
of the Kemiugton gold medals and
score of Underwood certificates testify
to the standards maintained. Short
ly, five stenotype machines will be in
stalled, and the pupils will be iu
utrucied in machine shorthand. But
jne oil:er school in the state has u
similarly equipped department. ,
Englihs and Utility Science.
A Vassar woman Is the English .
eaci.'et. Miss Hazelle Roue; and an-
Jtiier teacher in the same subject is
Mrs. Chance of Blackburn, Mrs.,
Chance also teacheg history. Miss
m
1.'
Bisbee's Magnificent
ELEVEN IN EACH
l
THOUSAND PERISH
The committee mi public informa
tion have announced today it has ob
tained from official sources the nl'.is:
nearly accurate figures possible on
ihe proportion of fatalities in relation
to casualties on the western f.Vtnt.
These figures, taken when the casual
ties were greater in proportion to nio
hilizod strength and combined with the
highest piopottUiti of deaths, snow
io: ; es due to deaths iroin wounds and
killed in act. '.in to be approximated 11
in every l.oun, of mobilized strength.
According to the figures presented
by i he French high commissioner in
iiis letter to the secietary of war, the
high-water mark of ta.-aiulties in the
French army was reached early in the
war at the battles of Ciiarleroi and
-l.i? Marno. The casualties in that
period were t.".ll per cent of the mo
ioli.e.i Mreiigt'i, or .Ml ir.cu in every
10. two with the colors.
Military expert; in this t'.imtrv
agree that tie killed in aetion and
!'ed of woutnls hao never at any time
i this war exceeded 1M per cent of
! ; to a I ca aialties. '1 bis gives a lig
!!' ot los 2 fatali ins from lhe,o
ait.es in every IiI.imhi mobilize.
- i t . -1 i: 1 1 j . or prae'iea ly II men killed
in art ion oi died ol wounds lor every
i.ir o men w it ti coloi s.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
rxiMU 11 LM ,:IJ' i;i um
a , , . n I.-1
t'' ' flrX- ;-.-:-;' '
! Hariett Bartlett, of the commercial
department, is a graduate of Colora-
:do College.
I Military Science and Tactics is a
1 brauciia of work which has just been
. intrducid in the High school, and it is
; in charge of Captain Kopf, a Universi-
ty of Illinois man. This work is com-
i pulsory, and in adopting it Bisbee is
; simply following the general trend of
; the 'imes. The rudiments of a miii-
I tary education are now being taught
i in almost every school in the country,
, The schools which are not making
some efforts along this line of educa
tion are guilty of moral treason to
, the nation.
I Graduates Recognized.
I The recognitions given graduates
of the High school have been flatter
ing. Michigan, Minnesota, Wiscon
! sin, Chicago, Northwestern, Purduo,
i Western Reserve, Illinois, Kansas,
Oregon, California, Arizona, and a 18 i.uJO per year. The average in-
number of other universities accept come oi those who have not gone be-
graduates upon their credentials and 'onJ tne eighth grade is $450 per year,
without entrance examinations. The These amounts are the average yearly
j percentage of graduates who have en- income for a period of forty years,
tered upon higher educational work which is considered the average work
! is comparatively large. inS period."
Variety of Courses. j The Bisbee High school has made it
The unusual variety of choice ami possible for every man in the District
election la the groups of courses in to overcome any handicap he maV
the High schools affords opportunities hvae had in the matter of education.
I seldom found except in schools which, Their Night school is absolutely free,
j are much larger. The curricula falls and a wide'ehoica of studies is offered.
I into six general groups: (1) General, In addition, the work is so arranged
'(2) Liberal Arts Preparatory, (3) En- that no Interruption is incurred by a
Preparatory. (4 Manual
Train
ing, (o) Domestic and Art, and
(6) Easiness Courses. The second
A Division.
, , , . . . . . . .
J""'"' uu euior ill);" scnoois. which
...it i. i i 1
,a'"; laL ,n a l? mure monuis.
will raise the standards alreadv at-
' t,.. . ,v .
in t j aim t uisuct; a 1 1 Sinn UL
specialized training for
its youth.
Such differentiation will make for
greater efficiency, and for a mum rp-
sonable college and vocational prepa
ration. The three junior high schools
are nearing completion; one at L'v
well, cne at Warren and one in Bis
bee. The latter will have a cafeteria' es in an additional subject will be
where the students can secure their formed as rapidly as a sufficient num
lunches at a minimum cost. The work ber of Dien make known their desires,
tn thasi. ihrw hiiiirtinira n-iii r..n,-u, Thousands and thousands of men
the WOpfc Qf the 8eventl e, hth aJ
ninth grades. The High school wiil complain of "never having a chance
then limit itself to the tenth, eleventh. when 11 came to a matter of educa
and twelfth grade studies. til,n' but no nlan ,ivinS in Bisbee r?n
ever make such an assertion honestiy
Twelve Month Sessions. hereafter. Irrespective of age. the
The first of July all the grade Nigiit school holds out a welcoming
schoo:s started year 'round courses hand to every ambitious man in the
that is, classes are now conducted District.
during twelve months of the year in-1
stead of nine. The High School goes
on this basis the first of January. The
advantage of such a course is obvious,
The High School course can be com-,
pleted in three years in place of four,
it. HI lV ?'
mm
New High School.
EVERY MAN
TO HIS TRADE
If you need dental work this is not the place
to get it
But if it is your automobile that needs
attention, we have EXPERTS that can fix it.
We carry a full line of accessories and will
be glad to figure with you.
Long l rail
Remember our Motto "COURTESY AND EFFICIENCY".
Phone S31 Johnson Addition
and a pupil can save four years on his
entire public school work is he so de-
sires. It will still be possible, how-
ever, for a boy or a girl to attend nine
months of the year, as heretofore; tLe
decision in this matter being entirely
in the hands of the student's parents,
The year's work is divided Into four
quarters, and it is so arranged that a
student who has completed a quarters'
work can go ahead without interrup-
tion in his studies, even after a twelve
week vacation.
The Night School.
There
worn in
is one field of education
connection with (he High
school that
deserves every bit of
praije possible. ' It is the Night
school. The School Board Journal for
July coutains the following bulletin:
'The average income of the high
school graduate in the United States
man's weekly shift changes. When
ne works on tne day snitt, lie can at-
tend the night classes; and when be
works on the night shift he can at-
Jand 2:30. They are conducted by
Miss Brown. E. G. Limprecht. and Coa
r -ivr.n
- -
At present this work is confined to
the Spanish language, and commer-
rial -nd merhaniral .nhiort.
Tho
first is beginning and advanced study
,n sPanish;
arithmetic.
the second embraces
spelling, bookkeeping.
business English, beginning and ad
vanced shorthand, and typewriting:
while the third includes both shop
work and mechanical drawing. Class-
throughout the country can jus'ly
Visit the Schools.
There is a
is a great deal more to lie
said about the High school, and many
times that amount can and must be
written on the grade schools. Eduea-
; tion in the district is one of the big
' problems, and it is most successfully
and most capably handled. But 't
matter what is written, or how
much is written, nothing can make the
; work so plain and tell so forcibly
I w.'iat is being accomplished as a visit
to the schools by everyone who is
i terested in them. To see the youta
! of the city studying under such ideal
jeonditiens is an inspiring sight it
furnishes a riirill equal to that hie;
the visitor will experience when he
rounds the turn ot the stair and sees
the silk folds of the handsome bin--and
red and white fiag as it stands in
majestic spleniior on the second flot.r
of the High School building. Anil
the flag has a proud rlace there. It
lifts itself above the shoulders of th
youth soon to divide into the man
hood and the womanhood of the na
tionthe youth on whose shouldern
her own slory and honor shall some
day rest.
ft.
Ob
ff9
1 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 16, 1917.
FIVE
r
. T i
Society JVill Depend Upon Old
and Young for Its Pleasures
Until the End of Present War
smrKE LIXES ix
, WALKING COSTUME
TO WOMAN ings will repay the tremendous and
Woman! Experience might have told heartrending cost.
me Extreme youth and age must lift the
That ell must love thee to behold growing pall. Women must be enter
thee; . tained and shall be kept out of a de-
jSurely experience might have taught pression. Society will go cn and the
Thy firmest promises are naught; ranks of those who fight for home and
But, placed in all thy charms before '- though cut and trampled, must
me, ' be reminded that there is still joy
All I forget, but to adore thee. . in a wondrous country.
Oh Memory! Thous choicest blessing There is work to be done. The
When join'd with hope, when gtiil "uineleen's" and "forty-nine'rs" must
possessing; ao tlleir share.
But how much cursed" by every lover Society must be appeased.
When hope is fled and passion's over J .
Woman, that fair and fond deceiver, ' Mrs- A- T- Colton formerly of Doug
How cromnt are sirinlines tr believe las has been elected as office and em-
heri . ployment secretary of the local Y
W.I
How throbs the puise when first we
view !
The eye that rolls in glassy blue, j
Or sparkles black or mjldly throws
A beam from under hazel brows!
How quick we ciedit every oath,
And hear her plight the willing troth!
C. A.
Mrs. George D. Craig left last week
on the Golden Slate Limited for Los
Angc-Ies on. a visit.
Mr. Samuel F.
Dubs.
Jr., and Miss
Fondly we hope 'twill last for aye,
When, lo! She changes in a day:
This record will for ever stand,
"Woman, thy vows are traced in sand.
Lord Byron.
r
MY RIVAL.
I go to concert, party, ball
What profit is in these?
I sit alone against the wall
And strive to look at ease.
The incense that is mine by right
They burn before her shrine;
And that's because I'm seventeen.
And she is forty-nine.
She introduces me to men,
"Cast" lovers I opine.
For sixty takes to seventeen
Nineteen to forty-nine.
But even she must older grow
And end her dancing days.
She can't go on forever so
At concerts, balls and plays.
One rfcy of priceless hope I see
Before my footsteps shine;
Just think, that She'll be eighty-one
When I am fort-nine.
Rudyard Kypling.
' Carrie Frances Stamper, daughter of
j Mr. and Mrs. Henry Stamper of Doug-
las, were married Sunday evening in
-'this city by Rev. Harold S. Brewster,
i rector of St. Johns Episcopal church.
The young couple motored to the hill
j city from Douglas and were accom
! panied by Albert Sperry and Miss Re
! na Iverson, who stood up for them.
j Mr. Dubs is a chemist at the Copper j
; Queen smelter and Miss blaniper nas
I been a member of the office force of
'the Fhelps Dodge store in Douglas.
jBoth are well known and popular
.anions; a large circle of friends, all
I or wnom wish them much happiness.
I At the" home of Mr. and Mrs. J. F.
Lippert of Mason Hill, on Monday,
; September 10, a stag party was given
; in honor of their son Karl, who w"us
i drafted and will, soon leave for Fortv
Riley. A ten course dinner was serv- a party at the Hotel Moose.
ed to tome of his very close friends. a most pleasant affair. Mrs.
!" rf turn
r2Vi4;
I Ft A '
I . i 1
HQ I
MZii.
The predominating note In this
fall costume is one of simplicity in
lines and in color. It is a Russian
blouse walking costume of brown
velour. The only trimming is the
buttons and perhaps the slash
pockets n.17 be considered a con-
vrnst ----'--.;-i- p:..i:,..
It was
Hersey
; entertained tne young ioiks wun inu-
Mii.s Anna Wallace returned to her sic. The guests present were Mabel
home here after spending a several J Busch, Phyllis Means, Harriet Coul--weeks
stav in Tombstone. From ' ins. Janie Couling, Cherry Sharp,
here she will, go to Tucson where she Leona Baird, Mary Wright, Beatrice
will resume her studies at the Univer-j Younge, Madeline Peveler, William
sit v nf Arizona I Younge, Bobbie Wallace, Ruth Steg-
i man, Mrs. Wedmone and Mrs. Her
Mr. and Mrs. P. M. Buckw alter and'sey.
Mr. BucKwalter!
fcS"he foreging is merely two views
of the same subject from great poets family have left Bisbee for an extend
in a different age. They agree in part ed visit in the east. Mr. BucKwalter; Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Dickinson were
but their tangents have little interest will return here in a month while Mrs. j jn the city for a few days and "were
for the present discussion, which shall Buckwalter will probably be away twoi tegistered at the Copper Queen hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Morse and family
have returned from Ajo, where they
be devoted, mainly, to "what will so- months.
ciety do without its young msn be- .
tween twenty-one and thirty-one. j Miss Mary Bowen of Tombstone
True, no mention is made by Lord was in the city for a few days on a have been for some time. They will
Byron or the inimitable Kipling of visit to friends. i make their future home here,
the draft ages. Both refer to those .
younger or to those older; Byron to Miss Abbie Holland, returned to her Mrs. Ray Krebs, who has been vis
"striplings" and his modern country- home in Tombstone last week, she'jting with friends here, returned to
man to "nineteen" and "forty-nine", has been here for several days on a; her home in Tombstone.
By inference, however, the in between-, visit to relatives and iriends. I
t-rs ccme in for considerab'e consid-! . Mrs. Anna Ballard left for Deming.
eration. , Mr. and Mrs. J. Milton Ashton are x. M., where she will make her home.
Society is a jealous mistress. Thoso visiting in thLs city from their homi The many friends ejf Mrs. Ballard here
at Carets, in the Huachucas. I will regret to hear of her departure.
Mr and Mrs. J. A. Kcmpton ar.Oj Jir. and Mrs. J. C. McComfl an;,
fami!" have returned from a visit tc daughter of Jones Hill have moved
Mr. Ke:i;pton's parents.
MKi Lcnore Allen left last week for
What will she New York City, where she will enter
! Columbia University to ta-te up a
The tale of the wool material is soon combination
told, for there are not many of them, cases.
Serge and gabardine first, of course,
the twills, wool jersey, w'joI poplin,
broadcloths, stripes, checks and plaids
about fell the story. They are used
with satin and charmeuse, occasional
ly a fancy silk, or with taffeta, though
the latter is hard to get and quite ex
pensive. W'joI velours Is too heavy
for an entire dress, but is quite beau
tiful with chiffon, silk crepe Vr satin
in a side body and sleeves in a long
body. Colors, too, are conservative in
their range for street use. Navy blue'roat deal this season.
comes first and is trimmed with
scarlet, terra cotta, mulberry, French
biue, or gray. Next in importance are
the shades of beige from sand and
dust co.or to olive drab. The lighter
shades are particularly lovely with
dark blue, mulberry or terra-cotta
color. Gray is smart but it is never
as good a color for the autumn as the
spring. The dark browns, greens,
plums and burgundies have a few fol
lowers, but the dark blues and service
co.'Jrs will have the greatest vogue.
The new styles are simple and call
for little trimming, it must be in the
right place and the right color, how
ever, and almost all of it is done by
hand. Embroidery in silk and wool,
soutache braiding, beading that is dis
creet in the demands It makes on your
time and purse, are the French trim
mings. Machine-stitching in rows and
in a contrasting -color is very smart
and very inexpensive. Braid strikes
the military n'jte. Picot-edging anc
machine hemstitching in a color that
matches the dress or its trimming
lakes care of the collar, which is
usually of silk crepe, chiffon or satin.
In the silk afternoon dresses one
finds many of the simple draped skirts,
of materials In many
Trains are noted on evening gowns,
but they are short and square.
Even furs are crossed in bertha ef
fects and fasten in the back.
Draped effects are more and more
seen.
Put embroidery on your new serge
dress, the styles aie new and varied
and this sort of trimming is sl.'jwn a
Duvetyn is used successfully in
hats, also appliqued designs are no
ticeable on hats.
Satin in blue, with a mysterious
draped skirt with panels flying, and a
blouse veiled in Georgette crepe and
adorned with jet, silver and blue
beads, this is one of the adorable af
ternoon dresses.
The "Cavelier" boot in black, dark
tan, and black vamp and gray buck
t'jp, with its English toe and medium
military heel, is a trig little mode for
utility wear.
Flying panels are evident on some
of the fall frocks.
A prune broadcloth suit with white
trimmings, makes a stunning outfit.
Overgaiters arc decidedly correct
this season, and 'tis well, for they are
very good looking.
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
HEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT j
Some men act curious when thev2-3 p. m., when a man changes shifts,
come west at least such w as the case j he can transfer from one section to
of one of the directors of tie Colum-'the other. Regular hours wiil be giv
bus Y. M. C. A., who arri .-!! in Doug-; en each Tuesday and Friday. A third
las a few days ago and "whu s'epped j hour may be arranged with the iu
at the Gadsden hotel, intending to take ' structor by those who so desire,
the Tuct-'jn lo:;al lcavm;; the smelter
city a: 8:20, he inquire I of the dri'er
of the Twin Six if he was ?oiug west,
to which the driver replied in the af
firmative, so Mr. Kishbaugb stepped
Into the auto thinking it was the bus
to the station to take the west bound
train. When about ten minutes out
from Douglas, he inquiied of the driv
er if he was not making qjite a detuur
to get to the depot :o which inquiry
the driver informed the w ise easterner
C'Jinmittee appointments for the
fall and winter season are now taking
first place in the Association calendar.
Splendid privilege afforded for voluu
tters to jump into a real, live pr
gram. Ask the man at the de.,k.
They are making many most attrac
tive velvet fogs this season, a most
bewitching "bustle effect" on a rich
tucked skirts and tablier overdresses blue velvet suit is decidedly new.
on straight chimese lines. The bodice
effects are quite loVely in satin and
are used rather more than the straight
'jne-piece dresses.
Satin is by all means the smartest
silk material for the fall, and charm
euse and crepe meteor follow it ciose-l
ly, ior tney nave tne satin iinisn. For ; service, 11 a.
the softer styles crepe de chine, mes-! 8chxl 9:45 a.
The Churches
Rev. Deathera.se, pastor of ;he Chris
tian church, is rendering splendid
service as chairman of the Soldier's
Promotion c'Jmmif.ee. He has in mind
that he was on his way to Bisbee, the several special entertainments for the
biggest and best mining district in the boys.
world, absolutely fiee from "wobblies,"
every citizen was a model, and he So many members have been earoll
would be absolutely safe from all ins ihe past few weeks that the meni
harm. There being no 'j her alterna- bership cards were exhausted, and an
tive, Mr. Fishbaugh "came along,- order for replenishing was made by
spent the day in the Warn n district, ! wire to Denter, where these cars are
called at the Y" and expressed much , supplied. This in explanation of WHY
surprise and gratification at the big! so many thus far. have not received
work he saw. Mr. Fishbaugh is the ; their cards. Thanks for the tolerance
manager of thePennsylvania Rubber &
Supply company 'jf Columbus and is
a great believer in the Y M. C. A.
work.
Timekeeper .Richard Thomas ant
wife have left for a few weeks' vaca
tion to coast points.' Thomas is time
keeper at the Holbrok. It is current
ly reported that Thomas was suffering j
exercised in this matter.
J. W. Jones- jt Pocatello, Idaho, a
miner from the Butte section, U a
laie arrival and one of the newest Y"
recruits. Joies knew Secretary Rich
ardson while he was secretary in that
field
St. John's Episcopal Church
Sunday school, 9:45 a. m. Morning
m. Warren Sunday
m.
H. S. BREWSTER. Pastor.
Rev. Irwin will speak on the sub
ject: "The Need if the Hour Is Inten
sified Christianity," at the old schooi
house in Warren, Sunday morning Sep
tember 16, at 11 o'clock. Regular
preaching service at Don Luis at 7:30
on the same date.
saiine and liberty satin are very good.
Taffetas are rather hard to get, i
though one will find a few of them ;
Lj;h in the plain silk and in the satin
and Roman stripes. Most of the silk
and satin dresses are made in part of
silk crepe or chiffon cloth, usually in
self color, for the combination idea is
more often a matter of materials than
colors. Even in silk dresses the sleeve '
is usually i'ong and the neck open.
The newest evening colors are pearl ' Kresoyterian Church
- .. - . ... O .... .1 ... . .. .. I. 1 n . i x-
eray. very delicate and almost lrde-i ouu) kuuui i . a. u. iuuug
scent, orchid mauve. Nile green. Deri- People's meeting at 6:30 p. m. Un
winkle blue, minuet green, Capri yel- iol meeting of the young people's so-
low nd chartreuse, the deener shades . cieties tne several Protestant
of pink, turquois blue, deep blue and churches in the Christian churcn. Pub
midnight blue for tulle, and gold. ' He worship at 11 a. m. and at 7:45 p.
White and black are always used. ! Choir practice Thursday evening.
Evening dresses call for very little Communion and reception of members
trimming. Either the material or tne w iasi ounaay oi uie iuonm.
cut of the dress is considered suffi- JOHN E. FRY. Pastor.
cicntly decorative in itself. Beading, ;
especially in brilliants, steel, pearls of ; Methodist Episcopal
silver is very beautiful. Flowers, rib-1 Sunday school, 9:45 a. iu. Public
f ms for sash and shoulders, corsage1 worship, 11 a. m. Eeing Worthy cf the
bouquets and metal embroidery are Gospel. Epw'jrth league meeting, 6:30
the trimmings most used. j p. m. League study courses, leader.
The Lyceum and entertainment
with the gout and, in all probability course billed by the association for
would stop off enroute to the const at the season is one of unusual interes:
Murie.ta Hot Springs this on reeoni-jand value and should be liberally pa
mendation of Secretary Mitchell, whoitronlzed by the members and their
had been cured 'of a similar ailment families. Quite out f the ordinary
at the Springs a few mouths ago. ! for an association to put on a course
. ; or this kind without extra charge, but
The Rev. Samuel Kerr, the well the Bisbee Y clai,,,s t0 dispense more
known Scotch preacher and miner, has ' tor the raone' tna!1 n oJler in the
departed from the district, leaving for w,or"1. auJ thls cour is P"
Watts, California, his home. Mr. Kerr jf that Plic- Can ou beat il
will be greatly missed by his many I , , , . .
friends ' A Watkins and Clarke Richard-
! son have just returned from a caaip-
, . A. . r inK expedition from over the divide.
First Aid Instructor Frank of Ue,where tney enjoved an ouUn of seT.
Copper Queen, can again be seen ; eraJ days B()th bo.g ,eave goon
arounu me uuimius l ua.i, : ,.iw Vestus oinsr to N-nrthwtorn
ing up his miners and muckers for in
structions in first aid. Mr. Frank is
a recognized expert in the line of
safety and first aid work, and has ts
his credit the training jf hundreds of
men. Take the elevator some day to
the fifth floor and see the boys In
I action.
at Chicago, and Clarke to Pomona col
lege, C'lainnont, California.
who tarry in her path follow r.'.any f' t
rules, many arbitrary -Virions an'1,
some few mirages. Sl-.e is full cf ca
price, of incessant and outrageous de
mands which must be satia ed. Here
tofore, in most part, the In-betweeners
have supplied the power fcx the ful
filment of her whims.
:o now?
to Dous!as, where they will make
: their future home.
j
, Mrs. R. Hutchins was in the city
. for a few days from her present home
Of course Society will take uptn coarse in instrumental and vocal mus- in Toiubstune. Her present home is
itself, as far as is possible, the gurn ic. She is the daughter of Mr. and jj Tucson, having spent the last few
of the Bed Cross; the angel cf merry r.irs. L. K. Allen of Warren. j weeks in Tombstone as the guest of
who ministers to the wants of sir-ken-1 friends.
en and wounded men; she who will ." Mr. and Vws. A. E. Sheppard iiave
mitigate the ajranies and the terrors of left lor the Chiriraiiua mountain.-,
many bullets. But of those who stay ' where they will remain for a few
behind, of those wLd do not go to weeks on a hunting trip.
France, of those who wo-:ld prefer to'
go to the "front" but who are com-j Miss Elsie Toles returned to her
pelled by numberless exigem-ies to j home in Tombstone after spending a
stay at home, what of them? jfew days in this district.
They must, of necessity, take to
"fiinetcen" and "forty.aiir.e." Of j Mrs. Joe Muhoim Hiid children ar-
coiirse the age
Mrs. W. F. Kelly and two children
have arrived from Douglas and will
make their home here. Mrs. Kelly
was a former resident of Bisbee, hav
ing attended the public schools here.
Her parents were Mr. and Mrs. J. A.
Miller.
t il I n. iiunni ii iiniiiuiiiii aim 11 11
may be stretched, a: rived last Thursday from San Diego,; dr(1 r jn iH)U.a8 iasl week on a
visit to relatives and friends.
Mrs. Walter Sheppard has returned
from Safford, where she had been for
trifle in order to make the figue of , California, where they have been
speech apply, but, in reality, has So-j spending the warm weather.
ciety stopped to consider how great
the dearth of elicibles will be. until! Alius Willis Curtis Wheeler is iere
the end of the European conflict?, from her former home in Slaughter, lne past WCek on a visit to friends.
Have the leaaers of sacred ' circles. Ky., to spend the winter witn nerj
stopped to consider who has left and! mother and to attend the high school. j A very d(.ijsntful evening was spent
who will leave and who, in turn, form-! Miss Wheeler is the daughter of Mrs.'at l()C ilolne 0f and irS- j0in
erly made functions complete? A J A. Poppe of Bauer Hill. '
glance at draft rolls, at enlistment
lists, at officers' registers, will illu
minate these who may be planning d
lts. parties, dansants and otUer in
teVesting and .enjoyable exploits cf
fashion and society upon the' que.st!"ii
Mrs. John Iloyan returned last week
cn the Golden State Limited from
two months' visit on the Coast.
Chain on West boulevard, Tombstone
j canyon, in honor of Ben Kelly. The
of who will be absent and who
will
for;
NOT I "among those present'
some time to come.
Hardly bright is the prospect. If it
were a lurk, upon which i i . young
men of the nati -n were bent, ccrtxi'i
to come back excepting tliose who un
der the "ordinary routine oi thin hu
man would fall by ''c ways'lr-, it
might be somewhat reassuring. Ma'.y.
however, iill never come back.
i evening was spent in singing and danc-
al ing, after which the following guests
! were served with sandwiches, cake
land coffee: Mr. and Mrs. Pierce Blunt,
Mrs. Perry Brown camo in last week I jIr aII, Mrs j n Williams, Mr. and
from a visit in the east. Mr. and iirs n ,. Hayes, Mr. and lio. Ralph
Mrs. Brown are leaving for Fort salholin, Mr. and Mrs. Hazelbcig. Mr.
Vorth, Texas, where they will make ail(j Mr8 Walter Sheppard, Mr. and
heir future home. j Mrs. Waller Hoesch, Mr. and Mrs.
Evening coats ann capes are made'
in the same evening colors in the
deeper and more brilliant shades. ,
Capes are sightly newer than coats,'
but one may have either. Evening
wraps are made of broadclo:h. satin, j
corded silk, brocade velvet, and are:
trimmed mostly with fur.
Mrs. Maston. Evening worship. 7:30.
The Consolations of the Gospel.
C. W. HARSHMAN, 1'astor.
W. H. Butterfieia. a member of the
local Y' for the past fcix months and
an employe of the Copper Queen ;
Tommy Hughes, one of the popular
shift bosses of the Holbrook mine, is
now a member of I'ncle Sammies
nayv. Distinguished by being the first
man to go to the Great Lakes in
I'ncle Sam's navy.
Richard Stonewall Carter, a member
ot tne association for the past year.
shops, is leaving for short stay tn and who was employed at the Cole
the Pacific coast. Some of his near
relatives have been drafted and be
wants to see "the boys before they1
leave for France.
shaft, is the latest recruit for I'ncle
Sam. Mr. .Carter left yesterday for El
Paso, for his examination, and from
there wiil direct to Frisco, where
he expects to ship somewhere in Rus
sia. Mr. Carter is a chemist and it is
in this department of the government
service that he enlisted.
Dr. O. R. Black who has been one
of' our members and has roomed in
our building l'jr the past four years,
has taken a position with the Bisbee
Drug company. We congratulate the Charles A. Smith and Ben Lebright
Bisbee Drug company in securing the.of los Angeles, called last evening at
services of, our old friend and -we. the Y in tow of Mr Turner. Smith
wish him every success in his new enterprise.
First Baptist Church
J. H. Branaman, Supt.. 9:45 a. m.
Preaching, 11 a. m. Subject: "No
Cross. No Crown." Junior and Senior
The war has made weddings even . u. y. p. iT., 6 : 45 p. m. Preaching, 7:45
n.jre popular than ever. Certainly, p. m. Subject: "Hell." Wednesday
there is more of a thrill to them. The evening, prayer meeting. Thursday
brides look their loveliest for their sol-1 evening, choir practice. A cardial wel-
dier bridegrooms and the new order of come to all.
lus visited all the Y". M. C. A.'s in
southern California, and was much, de
liahted with the Bisbee arrangements.
He is a chef at the English Kitchen,
and had been for years at one of the
biggest places in Los Angeles. He is
A. Crittenden who. in company witu
C. W. Gabrielson, ha just returned
from an overland trip '.'j the south of
Caiianea, reports conditions quie: and on the lookout for good business- op-
peaceful in that section. A few smair portunities. and has developed into as
mines are working, operated by Ameri-; good a booster as the town possesses,
cans, but the Mexicans are much in
Albert Berquist, Mr. and Mrs. Edward
Wickers. Mrs. Hoesch, Misses Iel-i
M. Smith. Beatrice Butler and Bernice
Butler, Messrs. Ben Kelly, Rich Kel
ly, Maurice Mc Kenna, T. 11. Wilsou
:.ud W. F. Grubb.
Mrs. Paul Lorenzon has returned
tning3 has not changed the convention
of the wedding gown. White sa'an i3
still the wedding f'jwn material per
excellence. Charmeuse is also used
and crepe meteor, crepe de cnine aim
liberty satin. Tulle net, point d'esprit
and lace are lovely. Brocade is beau
tiful, especially for a formal wedding
when the bridal dress is made with
a train.
A new crime ha3 been added to the
decalogue: Thou Shalt Not Waste. It
has bec'ome a part of our national duty
and international obligation to see that
nothing useful remains unused. In re
gard to clothes, there is no hardship,
nor, indeed, anything unusual in this
new ruling. Every woman, no matter
how large her means, should wear out
her clothes. The great French dress
makers with all their reputation for
extravagance have always insisted on
this point. "Next season you can do
so and with it" they tell you when you
buy a gown.
The first thing you should do this,
season is to UA)k over everything you
have. Give a way the things that you
c an't make use of yourself, for they
will be a Godsend to others. Examine
the dresses that are still in good con
dition and would be perfectly wearable
if they were given a lictle alteration
and freshening. Making them 'over
will save the monev you would have
to spend on a new dress of the same
' ... .i r
type money that you can t-pc-uu
other things you need, or give to the
war relief work that is nearest your
F. M. PITMAN.
The farmers will be excused from
military service, of course; they
need the time to count their money
secured from $2.20 wheat.
WOMEN OF
MIDDLE AGE
Mrs. Quinn's Experience
Ought to Help You Over
the Critical Period.
Lowell, Mass. "For the last three
years I have been troubled with the
7fU,nanjreot Lit? and
the bad leelings
common at that
time. I was in a
very nervous condi
tion, with headaches
and pain a Rood
deal of the time so I
was unfit to do my
work. A friend
asked me to try
Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Com
pound, which I did.
and it has helped me in every way. I
am not nearly so nervous, no headache
or pain. I must say that 1 yi'ia EL
Pinkham's Vejretahle Compound is Uin
jleurt Dent remedy any sick woman can take.
It is an easy thing to make over last -Mrs. Margaret QriNN, Rear afl
..'ft T.o tiW Kl Vll'h are v, M.c nvncn, i..a
IllllllilUIUIII
mm
i -ii
r I-I
need and are hoping for the 4 0 s to rUT-iiil WJ.2Z.'
start up. but nottidy knows when that fS ! $ J&V-T
will be. In Cananea ou:y the demo- 4.X 'bJwSHTM V"""
crata mine and smelter are working. ' JJj J M jg t pjl&k
The city of Cananea, situated on n 3 If iii': iJ-v
elevated plain, surrounded by deep f jl?
arroyos, w ith the long street of Ron- 3 j JS
quillo winding towards the smelter, gi'j. t K iiSr
concentrator and mines higher up ' Ifj-Msr-V-ti? "
rrNMXv Remove tJN
jS& lines. Learn what a
IVIARINELLO fj
FACIAL MASoAGS , B
ti.o dis- ii..-,5 :
among the hills with the little
clustering nere ana mere in uis- -tance.
is picturesque and gives an 1m- ?Vx V'-''-.'n.
pie.ss.Vn of roomy expansive; ess. Tl.e; JAjL'
rhinesp eem to have nossessert thctn- VVtVS:
selves of the small stores ai.d prac-
tictilly all the cafes and iestuurants. '
The Mexicans seem friendly and the
Americans very kind and courteous to
visiting countrymen
R is ncctnrtili'tTiff daily In 3. POO Shorn.
MARINEU
FACIAL, MASoAGS
OH f Tas-me of our Tissue C"re:iu
r.d EihvI- t "c arret the Skin." or acud
to cei.!J to cover cost oi nuuun.
Viiiiil.
Owing to the large denii'.nd for
Spanish, an educated Mexican has;
been secured, and classes will begin
at once. Mr. Avila will start his tail
Spanish class next Tuesday. It will'
be so arranged that miners can still
uttiiml u-hon tluiv i-h:in!7f sllif:-'.. The '
class will be in two sections; o.ie ail
McDonalds Marinello
Phone 305
Shop
j Miss Mvrtle Kwing left for Teinpc.
: where she will enter the Tenipe Nor
mal Ilih school. Miss Kwing was a
I graduate of t!e Bithee High sc hool
i last year and carries with her the
I test wishes of her mi'.ny friends in
So "nineteen" and "forty-nine the Warren distric t. She is the daugli"
must serve instead. 1 hey must mi ter of Mr. and Mrs. A. .V bwing.
tlio g;ip in the ranks of so iety. It is'
tinon their shoulders that the work ei' Mrs. A. Vanncman and daughter
lifting dame fashion from the depths were in the city from Douglas ana jrs lhllis Wvatt. a
of dispair must fall. They must come- re registered at the t opper Queen resident of Bisbee, and Charles C. removable staius or worn places. In HTefrularities, constipation, variable
into the breach pnd make the "people hotel. , .Weiss, a miner, were married last , ripping be sure not to stretch the ! appetite, weakness, inquietude, and
at home", through the channels of en i Friday night at 7 o'cloc k by ' Judge seams and af erwaid press the mate- if""- .olal advice write to
fjjftai.impnt, forget the worst or warj Miss Lena Younge celebrated hei jjjgh at the home of the bride's kis- j rial carefully so that you cau cut it at- the vj;a jj. Pink ham Medicine Co.
a'ud remember that its ultimate bless-, fourteenth birthday last Sunday with ieri ;jrs. pcrry Mott'et. curately. The new styles call iVr a (confi JontialL Linn, lilii
I iron, Kl l as,,, where she had been ,,,,-ceptibly norroer and the shnnk-; 0f ;uffofation hot fjVulacri
lor the last few we eks visiting friends. I ,, jn the! amount of material "'l , backaches, dread of impending e..,
I makes it possib'e to cut over last ' timidity, sounds in the esars. paipitatioii
well known i yc-ar's dresses and get rid of any un- oi the heart, spark before the eyes,
Not gravity, but boil- ViA
ing points, is the real f -TT ft- fffiffffi- I
test for gasoline. Red I fj JkAUjJ' j j? ,
Crow n Iws the correct I 3" sisaAif I
boiling points in a con &&2Jy - i j
tinuous chain. fiSZlL U JL J
S.,ndard SCkX '
CHI Company J x '
M'zXuiJ of Quali&y SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW,
SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 16, 1917.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK. Sept. 15. The market
as a whole was rather quiet, with the
tendency downward.
A rumor to the effect that the price
of copper would be fixed at 19 cents
caused a weakness in the copper
shares. This report, however, was not
confirmed.
Until the situation becomes more
clarified the tendency may be rather
Irregular, with the possibilities favor
ing gradual betterment.
LOGAN & BRYAN.
GRAIN MARKET
CHICAGO. Sept. 13. Nearly ideal
weather and an increase of rural of
ferings furnished much of the impe
tus today for a decided downward
swing, which took place in values of
corn. The market closed heavy, 1"
to 24e net lower at 1.16 to 1.16
December, and 1.14U to 1.14? May.
Oi?ts finished to lVSc off; provisions
gained 10 to 45c.
High temperatures prevailed over
all important corn states and there
was no rain of consequence. The fact
that such conditions were just' the
kind for ripening the crop made an
instant Impression on traders. Con
tinued peace gossip, together with re.
ports that a German submarine was
operating off the New England coast,
tended further to handicap the" bulls.
Oats weakened with corn. Seaboard
advices implied that yesterday's ex
pert sales exceeded 1.000,000 bush
els, but this circumstance failed to
count in the absence of any fresh de
mand from the east.
Milling orders for wheat here con
tinued to be far in excess of arrivals
The total receipts for the week were
only about one-third of the amount
at the corresponding time last year.
Other domestic terminals also report
ed a decided shortage.
Bullish estimates of the amount of
recent purchasing for Belgium gave
strength to provisions.
NEW YORK FINANCIAL
NEW YORK. Sept. 15. A dimin
ished demand for stocks today led to
resumption of speculative selling and
prices were agafn depressed, although
losses in most instances were small.
Trading was light Total sales were
190.000 shares.
At the opening price changes were
small and Irregular, with no appear
ance of initiative on either side of
the market. . The bears moved with
caution and made little effort to In
fluence the- course of prices until it
became apparent that few buying or
der's were on hand. Stocks then came
on the market In greater supply and
the list eased off. Quotations stif
fened temporarily in the second hour,
but the rally was not held and the
close was heavy. The renewed
heaviness of the market wag due
principally to professional Belling, al
though the day's news contributed to
this end. .
The chief weakness appeared In the
coppers, steels and a few other in
dustrials. The motors were relative
ly strong.
Rates on some forefTi centers fluc
tuated to a degree. The bank state
ment showed a further contraction In
loans of neariv $26,000,000. reflecting
the week's lfqnidation in stocks.
Bonds were' irregular. Total sales
(par value). $1,235,000. Liberty bonds
sold at 99.96 to 100. United States
bonds were.funchanged on call on the
week.
CLEARING HOUSE BANKS
NEW YORK. Sept 15. The actual
condition of clearing house banks and
trust companies for the week shows
that thev hold $75,684,410 reserve in
excess of legal requirements. This Is
a decrease of $11,413,023 fiom last
week.
Closing Quotation September 15, 1917
(By L. J. Overlock)
NEW YORK
Anaconda 78
American Ca n 41
American Car 70
American Locomotive 60
American Smelter 95
American Sugar ' 109
Atchison 96
Baldwin 59
Bethlehem B 100
C. and 0 57
Canadian Pacific 155
Central Leather 81
Crucible 80
Distillers 28
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
Jerome
and
Oatman
Stocks
JACK BUILDING
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
LEASED WIRE
Erie 21
Goodrich 44
General Motors 93 Ti
Industrial Alcohol 135
Marine 28
Marine Pfd 84
Maxwell 22
Mid vale 51
Mexican Petroleum 92
New York Central 784
Northern Pacific 101
Reading 80
Rubber 684
Rep. Steel 804
Studebaker 46
j Steel 107
Steel Pfd 116
St. Paul 59
Southern Pacific 91
Union Pacific 128
TT. S. M 62
Texas Oil 166
Westinghouse 44
BOSTON
Adventure 1
Allouez 61
Alaska 4
Arizona Commercial 10
Butte 28
C. and A 77
C. and H 520
Chief Range . . 554'
Chino 51
East Butte 11
,Granby 81
; Green Can
40-
Goldfield .' 49
Hancock
Indiana
Inspiration
Kennescott
13
49'
40
Keweenaw 1
Lake 8
LsSalle 3
Miami 3b
Mohawk 81
Mayflower 2
Nevada 21
North Butte 16
Nin 9
Old Dominion 50
Osceola 87"
Pond Creek '. 21
Ouincy 84
Ray Con . 25
Shattuck 23
Shannon 7
Superior Boston 3
St Marvs 72
Utah Copper 93
Utah Con 15
Winona 3
CURBS
Arkansas and Arizona 10
Austin Amazon
Arizona Silver King
Big Ledge 1
Butte and London 16
Calumet and Jerome . . .. ... 2
Cornelia ., .. . ' 16
Con. Ariz 2
Con. Copper Mines 9
Curtiss 37
Denn 17
Dundee
Emma
Fort una
8
Federal Oil 3
Gadsden 1
Grand Island 18
Green Monster
Hull
Howe Sound
Hecla
Inspiration Needles
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
30
5
8
1
Jerome Portland 80
Magma Copper 45
Magma Chief
Miami Con
Magnate
Pitts Jerome
Ray Here '.. .. .
Santa Rita
5
Vt
3
Tom Reed 49
United Eastern . . . .
Verde Extension ..
Verde Combination .
White Caps
Wolvarine Arizona .
Wright Martin .. ..
4
36
1
1
8
OATMAN
(By Collins & Bretherton.)
Bid
Adams 02
Arizona Rex
Ariz-Tom R. 02
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy 02
Sunnyvale 04
Telluride
Tom Reed . .49
United Eastern 4.26
United Northern 02
Ask
.25
.05
.15
.03
.10
.50
4.29
.04
.05
.20
United Western
Red Lion
.02
OTHER CURBS
i Bid Asked
Gadsden 1.75 2.00!
Green Monster 69 .81
Butte London 16 .17
Dundee 87 1.00
i Venture Hill .10
i Pitts-Jerome 50 .75
1 Jerome Verde 1.56 1.62
Ark-Arizona -10
! Jerome-Portland 80 .85
Ins Needles 06 .18
! Hull Copper 30 .38
1 Magma Chief 37 .50
j Wolv-Arizona 1.50 1.75
' Miami Mother Lode .50
'Verde Combination 94 1.00
: Miami Con 05 .10
Bisbee Copper .25
Butte Arizona .05
Santa Curz Bisbee .27
Jerome Daisy .50
Nacozaria Con .50
Verde Apex ...... .12
MESSTIME IS THE
ROOKIE'S DELIGHT
4? )
04 i
The rookie's favorite maneuver.
Napoleon once pointed out that an
army fights on its stomach and this
still seems to i;c the case. Uncle
Sam is found f !? a coed provider
by the l.oys vr.o ure under his care
and if the f;o- i.Vt fancy it is whole
some and the;.e i I icr.ty of it With
a million nvn i: more in training
or on the wsj ! France our Uncle'i
grocery bill u a targe one.
RADIUM
U. S. Government reports show that
80 of all diseases treated with Radium
were either cured or greatly benefited.
The Radio-Active Pad positively brings
Tour circulation back to normal by driving
Impurities from the system Most diseases
being caused by poor circulation.
. Many testimonials from patients vho
nave suffered with Rheumatism. Neuralgia,
Insomnia, Diseases of the N erves, S tomach.
Bowels, Heart, Lungs, Bladder. Kidneys,
liver. Prostate Gland, Female Complaints
and Sexual Weakness.
We stand back of every appliance sold,
no matter what your ailment. Endorsed by
physicians. Write today.
RADIUM APPLIANCE COMPANY
357 Bradbury Bid., Los Angeles, Cal.
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3279.. Serial No.
036119. United State Land Office,
Phoenix, Arizona, August 31, 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Alfred
Paul, whose postoffice address is
Douglas, Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the following named
lode mining claim, situate in the War
ren Mining District, Cochise County,
Arizona:
"Don Miguel No. 7"
Beginning at Corner No. 1 the South
east Corner, whence the Corner to Sed
tions 25 and 36, Township 23 South,
Range 24 East and Sections 30 and 31,
Township 23 South, Ranee 25 East, G.
& S. R. B. & M. bears South 77 12'
West 443.9 feet: thence North 76 05'
West 807.80 feet along line 1-2 Survey
No. 1958 Puzzle lode to Corner NV. 2
the Southwest Corner: thence North
4 43' 30 West 599.30 feet alone- lines
1-6 and 2-3 of survey No. 1958 Pied
mont and Puzzle lodes, respectively
to Corner No. 3: thence North 58" 52'
West 385.80 feet to Corner No. 4:
thence South 76 41' East 341.20 feet
along line 4-5, Survey No. 1958 Puzzle
lode to Corner No. 5: thence South 76"
05' East 403.90 feet along line 5-6 Sur
vey Nb. 1958. Puzzle lode to Corner No.
6 the Northeast Corner: thence Sbuth
28" 20' East 926.30 feet to Corner No.
1 the place of beginning; containing
a total arear of 10.079 acres. The pre
Burned course of the vein on this claim
Is from the North end center South
28 20' 92.3 feet
The location nbtice of said claim Is
recorded In the office of the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:'
"Don Miguel No. 7" Book 54 Rectord
of Mines page 409.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the North "Best of All" lode:
on the South, "Bisbee Queen" lode; on
on the East "Arizona" and "Monte
Carro" lodes: on the West "Piedmont"
lode.
J. L. IRVIN, Register.
ORDINANCE NO. 219
An Ordinance to Provide Revenue for
the City of Bisbee
For the Year Ending June 30, 1918
Whereas, pursuant to the provis
ions of Sections 4831 nnd following,
being Chapter 111 of Title 49 of the
Civil Code of Arizona, Revised Stat
utes, the Common Council of the City
of Bisbee did make and tentatively
adopt estimates of the contemnlated
expenditures and of the different
amounts required to meet the public
expense for the year commencing
.Tulv 1. 1917. and ending June 30.
1918. and of the estimated receipts
for such year from sources other than
direct property taxation .and of the
amount proposed to be raised by tax
ation upon the real and personal prop
erty of said city, and thereafter, and
after publication of said estimates
and notice of meeting: to consider the
same, all as required by law, said
Common Council did' on to-wit the
4th day of September. 1917, finally
adopt and approve certain estimates
as set forth in the resolution aiopt-
yj
6. aJP
C....-.-2---' SJW''
j in the same on that day passed by
Isaid Common Council.
I Now, therefore, pursuant to said
I estimates, as finally adopted .and in
accordance with the statutes in such
cases made and provided:
Be it ordained, by the Mayor and
Common Council of the City of l!is
bee, as follows:
Section 1. The Common Council of
the City of Bisbee does hereby levy
taxes for the year aforesaid, for the
purposes set forth in said estimates,
in the following amounts, to-wit:
City Clerk's and Treaurer's
office 13,575.00
Legal department 1,830.00
Maintenance and improve
ments, public buildings... 673.00
City Engineering department 730.00
Printing 1,200.00
Elections 1.620.00
City Assessor 503.00
Cemetery 5.547.50
Sealer of Weights and Meas
ures 990.00
Health Department 2,758.33
Sanitary Department 3.947.00
Sravenper Department 17.9SG.23
City Marshal and Police De
partment 14.730.00
City Court 1.1S0.00
Street Department 45.729.73
Fire Department 18.734.33
Sewer Department 6.172.00
Water Works 16,747.00
City Park ". 1.533.13
Miscellaneous expense 3.600.00
Outstanding wai rants 3.S47.77
Interest on outstanding war
rants 130.00
Wagon shed, tool house, etc. 1,000.00
And for the purpose of raising said
amounts. less estimated receipts from
sources other than direct property tax
ation, as shown by said estimates,
there is hereby levied upon the real
and personal property in this city, as
shown by the equalized assessment
rolls, fifteen and one hundred seventy
five (15.175) thousandths mills on
each dollar thereof.
Said estimates so adopted include
the following:
BONDS.
Principal sewer bonds fall
ing due 4,000.00
Principal water works bonds
falling due 6,250.00
Principal street Improvement
bonds falling due 6.250.00
Interest sewer bonds 2.900.00
Interest water works bonds 6.1S7.30
Interest street Improvement
bonds 6,187.50
$31,775.00
And for the purpose of raising said
last-named amounts there is hereby
levied upon the real and personal
property in this city, as shown by
the equalized assessment rolls, six
and two hundred twenty-five thou
sandths (6.225) mills on each dollar
thereof.
Section 11. And the proper officer
is hereby directed to Issue a warrant
for the collection of said taxes, as
now prescribed by law. and taxes
levied hereunder shall be due and
payable not later than the third Mon
day of December, 1917.
Section 111. Inasmuch as the above
ordinance is adopted for the purpose
of obtaining revnue with which to
pay the expenses of the government
of the City of Bisbee. and the mon
eys therein nrovMed to be raised are
to be expended in the aid of the ex
ercise of governmental functions.
It Is hereby declared: That an
emergency exists, and that the im
mediate preservation of the peace,
health and safety of this city, and its
inhabitants, is dependent upon the
immediate oneration of the above
ordinance, after such publication and
posting as is required bv the statutes
applying generally to the ordinances
of this city:
It is therefore ordained: That the
above ordinance shall take effect at
once atfer due publication and post
ing as Is reauired bv law.
Passed and adopted by the unani
mous vote of the Common Council,
and anproved by the Mayor this 10th
day of September. 1917.
JACOB FRICKSON. Mavor.
Attest: M. L. Butler. City Clerk.
St
NOTICE OF SALE.
In the Superior Court of the State of
Arizona, in and for the Ctounty of
Cochise.
Tn the matter of the Estate or Pearce
J. Murphy, sometimes known as Pierce
J. Murphy, deceased. Notice is here
by given that the undersigned, admin
istrator of the estate of the above
of the above named deepdent. will sell
the undivided interest bf the estate of
the above named decedent in that cer
tain claim known as the NIGHT
HAWK, belne1 a patented lode mining
claim in the Warren Minins District.
Cochise County. Arizona, designated
by the Surveyor General of Arizona as
Mineral Survey No. 1578. being the In
terest of said decedent In ana to said
claim under the terms bf a certain
agreement of date March 2, 1905, be
tween said decedent and one M. J. Bro
nhy. a copy of which said agreement
is attached to the petition for order of
sale herein, and under a certain mesne
conveyance from IT. R. TTaningpr by
which the leeal title, to said undivided
interest is now held bv one M. J. Bro-
nhv as security for the repayment to j
said Brophy of the sum of $R3.85.
with Interest from March 2. 1905, at
the rate of 12 per cent per annum, all
of which Is more specifically set forth j
''n the petition for order of sale filed
herein. Said sale will be made on or
after the 2Mh day of September, 1917.
Offers or bids for said property will be
received by said administrator person
ally at his place of business la the tof-
fice of L J. Overlock. Broker. In the'
jMuheim Block. Bisbee, Arizona, I
All bids or offers must be in writing. j
The sale will be for cash and said sale i
jwill convey all of the title of said de-
cedent at the time of his death and
that afterwards acquired by his estate,
free from mortgage or lien of any kind.
The administrator reserves the right
to reject all bids.
P. H. FITZ PATRICK.
Administrator of the estate of the
above named decedent
Dated, Bisbee, Arizona, August 30,
1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. Land
Office at Phoenix. Arizona .Septem
ber 1, 1917.
Votiee is hereby given that Jes M.
Jessen. of Bisbee. Arizona, who. on
j October 26, 1912, made homestead
entry No. 019669 Tor SW 1-4 section
!34: and on December 26. 1912, made
j additional entry N-. 02U3S1 for SB
' 1-4 section 33. Township 23 S, range
j 24 E, G4SRB meridian, has filed
i notice of intonti'on to made three year
j proof, to establish claim to the land
. above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor, IT. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 12th day of October,
1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James B. Smith of Warren, Arizona,
Richard Caywood tf Warren, Arizona,
Charles W. Hull, of Don Luis, Arizo
na, George Ropert of Don Luis, Ari
zona. J. L. IRVIN, Register.
Published Daily Review, Bisbee,
Arizona. 26 con. issues. Begun Sep
tember 6, 1917. 148
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3167
Serial No. 035911
In Connection With Serial No. 02S557
United States Land Office, Phoenix,
Arizona
August 14. 1917
Notice is hereby given that Phelps
Dodge Corporatibn. whose postoffice
address is Bisbee, Arizona, has made
application for patent for the follow-
ling named lode mining claim, situate
in the Warren Mining District, Co
chise County, Arizona:
"ZEO"
Beginning at Corner No. 1. the
Southwest Ctorner whpnee United
States Mineral Monument No. 4( War
ren Mining District bears South 50"
32' 30 West 1992 feet; thence North
13" 6' East 88.60 feet to Corner No. 2,
the Northwest Corner; thence South
58" 42' East 192.50 feet to Corner No.
3. the Northeast Corner: thence Sbuth
13" 6' West 25.00 feet to Corner No.
4. the Southeast Corner; thence North
77" 59' West 182.90 feet to Corner
No. 1. the place of beginning; contain
ing a total area of 0.238 acres, express
ly excluding area in conflict with sur
vey No. 3009 "Collins" lode, c: 0.052
acres. The presumed ctmrse of the
vein on this claim is from the South
erly end center North 69 4' West
184.6 feet
The location notice of said claim,
upon which this application is based,
is recorded In the office of the County
Recorder of Cbchise County, Arizona,
as follows:
"ZEO." Block 41, Records of Mines,
page 393.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the North and East the "Col
lins" Survey No. 2009; on the West
"Arizona No. 4" Survey Nt. 2127; and
on the South the "Angel" Survey No.
1119.
J. L. IRWIN,
Register.
First Pub. Aug. 17. 1917.
Last Pub. Oct. 24. 1917. 592
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizrtna, Aug. 18.
..1917.
Notice is hereby given that Ralph H.
Dickey, of Hereford, Arizona, who. on
January 15th, 1914, made homestead
entry. No. 024146, for E4 SW4. Sec.
5, E4 NWU, Section 8. Township
24S. Range 22 E.. G. & R. R. Meridian,
has filed notice of intention to make
three-year proof, to establish claim to
the land above described, before Jared
D. Taylor, U. S. Commissioner. Bis
bee, Arizona, on the 28 day of Septem
ber. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses: Sam
uel C. Giles. AKred Bailey. William
Ryan, Herman Haase, a'.l of Hereford,
Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First Publication, Aug. 25.
Last Publication, Sept 29.
802
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. Land
Office, Phoenix, Arizona, Aug. 18,
1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Thomas
E. Rogers, of Lowell. Arizona, who.
on June 30. 1913. made homestead en
try. No. $22750 for SEU SWJ. Sec.
12. NW4 NE'i. N'4 NWVi. Sectibn
13. Township 24 S.. Range 24 E.. G.
& S. R. Meridian has filed notice of
intention to make three-year proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, on
the 29 dav of September. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses: Ar
thur M. Collins of Warren, Arizona.
Albert J. Swan of Warren, Arizona.
August T. Srhlaudt bf Lowell, Ar'jon.i,
David L Perry of Douelas. Arl7oua.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First Publication. Aug. 21.'
Last Publication, Sept. 29.
SOS
ORDER TO SHOW CAUSE WHY
DER .OF SALE OF REAL ESTATE
SHOULD NOT BE NiADE
jn the Superior Court in the County
i 0f Cochise. State of Arizona.
Tn the Matter of the Estate of Fred
Bauer, Deceased.
It appearing tt this Court, by the :
petition this day presented and filed :
by M. ArtunofT, Administrator with the I
Will annexed of the Estate of Fred !
Bauer, deceased, that it is necessary
to sell the whole or some portion of
the real estate of said decedent to pay
the debts of decedent and the (expenses
and charges tf administration.
It Is therefore ordered by this Court,
That all persons Interested in the es
tate of said deceased appear before the
said Superior Court on Saturday, the
22nd day of September. A. D. 1917. at
the hour of 10 o'clock a. m.. of said
day. at the cturt room of said Court,
at the court house in the City of Tomb
stone, Cochise County, State of Ari
zona, to show cause why an order
should not be granted to said M. Ar
tuitofr. Administrator with the Will
annexed, to sell so much of the said
real estate as shall be necessary and
that a copy of this order be published
four successive weeks In the Bisbee
Daily Review, a newspaper printed and
published in the said County of Co
chise. Dated August 11th, 1917.
ALFRED C. LOCKWOOD,
Judge of the Superior Court.
592!
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey Nc. 327S, Serial No.
036118, United States Land Office,
Phoenix, Arizona August 31, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Alfred
Paul, whose post office addrses is
Douglas, Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the following nam
ed lode mining claim, situate in the
Warren Mining District, Cbchise
County, Arizona:
"Don Miguel No. 6"
Beginning at Corner No. 1. the
Northeast Corner, whence the South
west Comer of Section 30, Township
23 South. Range 25 East, G. S. R. B.
& M. bears South 54" 04' East 841.8
i feet; thence South 51" 17' West 600
feet to Ctomer No. 2, the Southeast
Corner; thence North 58" 56' West
1500 feet to Corner No. 3, the South
west Corner; thence North .51" 17'
East 60C feet to Corner No. 4 the
Northwest Corner; thence South 58"
56' East 1500 feet to Corner Nb. 1. the!
place of beginning; containing a total
area of 19.388 acres. The presumed
course of the vein en this claim is
from the East and center North 58
56' West 1500 feet
The location notice of said claim is
recorded In the office bf the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
"Don Miguel No. 6" Book 54, Record
of Mines, page 408;
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the Nbrth. the "Gold Hill
Mine" lode: on the South "Razzle
Dazzle" lode; on the East "Piedmont
lode; on the West "Ocatea" and "Mas
cot" lodes.
J. L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3277. Serial No.
036120. United States Land Office,
Phoenix, Arizona, August 31, 1917.
Notice i's hereby' given thai Alfr'ed
,ul. whose post bffice address Is
,io aJIo
Paul
Douglas, Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the following
named lode mining claims, situate in
the Warren Mining District Cochise
County, Arizona:
"Don Miguel"
Beginning at Corner Nb. 1, the
Southeast Comer, whence the West
Quarter Comer of Section 30. Town
ship 23. South. Ranee 25 Fast. G. & S.
R. B. & M. bears South 85" 36 East
4941.1 feet: thence North 69" 39 West
1500 feet along lines 1-5 and 2-3 Sur
vey No. 2244. South Side and Gold Kill
lodes, respectively, to Comer Nb. 2.
the Southwest Comer: thence North
32" 25' East 467.50 feet to Comer No.
3: thence South 68" 46' East 664.30
feet along line 3-2 and 4-5 Survey No.
1781 Cave, lode and Survey No. 2244
Gold Hill lode, respectively to Cbrner
No. 4: thence North 43" 52' East
163.20 feet along lines 2-1 and 5 6 of
Survey No. 1781. Cave lode and Sur
vey N o. 2244. Gold Hill lode, respec
tively, to Comer No. 5: thence South
69" 38' 30" East 654.30 feet along
lines 3-2 and 6-1 Survey Nb. 1953 Brven
lode and Survey No. 2244 Gold Hill
lode, respectively, to Comer No. 6. the
Northeast Comer; thence South 4"
49' East 236.40 feet to Comer No. 7:
thence South 32" 25' West 391.20 feet
to Comer No. 1. the plaec bf the be
rinnin:g containing a total area o'
17.917 acres. The presumed course of
the vein on this claim Is from the
West end center South 69" 39 East
1500 feet
"Don Mieurl No. 1"
Beelnnlne at Comer No. 1. the
Northeast Comer, whence the Wet
nnarter Comer of Section 30. Town
ship 23 South. Ranre 25 Fast G. S
tt. rt. M. bears south 85" 37' East I
m.l feet: thence Sbnth 32" 25':
West 581 feet to Corner No. 2. the I
Southeast Comer: thence North 69"
52' West 886 feet to Comer No. 3.
Identical with Comer No. 3 Survev No.
?44 Roh SM lode: thence North
48" 52' West 614 SO reet along lines 3-4
nnd 15. Survey No 2244. Sbnth Side
and Survev No. 2188. Worren lodes.
rrrMvplT to Comer No. 4. the j
Soiithweit Comer: thence North 3?"
? Fast 364 40 feet to Corner No. S.
the Northwest Tomer: thence South
ci" 39' Fast 1506.40 feet to Cbrner
No. 1. the place of bPelnnlng: eontaln-
fne a total area of 18.377 acres. Fx-
pressiy excluding
area in conflict
OR-10.123 acres. The presumed course of
the vein on this claim Is from the East
'end center North 68 26' West 1499.9
I fet.
"Don Mignel Nt.
Beginning at Corner No. 1. the
Northeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30. Town-
ship 23 South, Range 23 East G. & S.
R. B. & M. bears South 84 21 30
East 4325 feet; thenc South 32 25
West 974.10 feet to Corner No. 2, the
Southeast Corner; thence Nterth 59
48' West 581.40 feet to Corner No. 3.
the Southwest Corner; thence North
32" 25' East 974..10 feet to Corner No.
4. the Northwest Corner; thence
South 59" 48' East 581.40 feet to Cor
ner No. 1, the place bf beginning; con
taining a total area of 12.992 acres.
Expressly excluding area In conflict
with Don Miguel No. 1 lode of this sur
vey, of 0.084 acres, and Survey No.
2019 Little Mary lode of 2.627 acres,
and Don Miguel No. 4 lode of this sur
vey of 0.866 acree. The presumed
rtiurse of the vein on this claim Is
from the North end center South 32
25' West 974.1 feet
"Don Miguel No. 3
Beglnnlng at Corner No. 1, the
Southeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30. Town
ship 23 South. Ransre 25 Est O. 3.
R. B. & M. bears South 82 16' East
4606.1 feet: thence Mrth 59" 48' West
176.80 feet to Corner No. 2. the South
west Corner: thence North 4 49'
West 906.80 feet to Corner No. 3, the
Northwest Corner; thence South 59
48' East 176.80 feet to Corner No. 4..
the Northeast Corner: : thence Stauth
4 59' East 906.80 feet to Corner No.
1, the place of beeimlng; containing
a total area of 3.014 acres. Expressly
excluding area in conflict with Survey
No. 1953 Bryen lode exclusive of tta
conflict with Survey No. 2244 Biba
Qnen No. 2 lode tof 1.403 acres. The
presumed course of the Tein on this
claim is from the North end center
South 40 48' East 906 8 feet
"Don Miguel No. 4."
Beginning at Corner No. 1. the
Northeast Corner, whence the West
nnarter Corner of Section 30. Ttwn-
! ship 23 South. Ranee 25 Fast O. R.
R. B. & M. bears North 75" 35' East
?334.5 feet: thence South 51" 17'
West 631.60 feet to Corner No. 2. the
Southeast Corner: thence North KS"
22' West 1018.20 feet along line 2-3.
Survey No. 2244. Bisbee Queen lode to
Corner Ni. 3: thence North 48" 56'
West 447 feet to Comer No. 4. the
Southwest Corner: thence North 51
17' East 500 feet to Corner No. 5, the
Northwest Comer: thence South 56
55' East 1500 feet to Comer No. 1.
the place of beginning; cbntalning a
total area of 18.913 acres, expressly ev
elndinsr area In conflict with Survey
No. 2172 Lena lode of 0.043 acres. The
presumed course of the vein on this
claim Is from the Fast end center
North 56" 55' West 1500 feet
"Don Miguel No. 5." '
Beginning at Comer No..l. the
Sbutheast Comer, whence the West
quarter Comer of Section 30. Town
ship 23 South .Ranee 23 Fast O. & S.
R. B. & M. bears North 70" 23' Fast
3844 8 feet: thence North 87" 11' West
148.90 feet to Comer No. 2. the South
west Comer: thence North 60" 13'
West 16.50 feet along. lines ,1-6 an.l 2-3
Survey No. 21S6 Marouette, o 1, r-de
and Survey No. 2244 fclsbee' Queen No.
8 lode respectively, to Corner'' Ko. S:
thenceforth" B sa lWM fcft
""A, h . 1 s ' ' v
I 2186. Marquette 1 lode and Survey No.
2244.. Bisbee Oneeni No. 3 loi rec
Uvely.' to Cbrner Np, -4. the.Northwet
Comer: thence South 87" 11'. Fast
127.10 feet to Corneif No. ti the orth
esst Comer: thence Soutn r48' 56-
i Fast 915.p0'feet along line ,5-6 Survey
iso. zza isisoeei v.'iieeu -iii . ira
Corner No. 6: thence Sbuth 56" "j.V
East 120 JO fet along line M Snrv'ey
No. 2244 Bisbee Quen No. 3 lode' to
f:or$ ftijWlace tke,rfe?'ng:
dnitrpw total are"6f'l.M9 arrVs.
expressly? excluding area' ln-ONiWct
wi "PoVMljjuef fin, 4 bij tfiU sttrt.ey
jf y!7tlicev.liTka re'n trar
of? th yip yV th Jatrri . ft fro- the
Soaln:nd;'renW drth 4'aast
10fl.i;feet'; H ..... j
"irT)e"'Jocatlons notices of saI4 claims
J are recorded In the nTir.e of the Cbon
ty Recorder of Cochise County, vrl
: zona, as follows: .
"Don Miguel." Book 54 Record; of
Mines, paee 402:
"Don Miguel Nb. 1." Book 54" Rec
ord of Mines, page 403: '
"Don Miguel No 2.". Book 54, Record
of Mines, page 404;
"Don Mignel No. 3." Book 54. Rec
ord of Mines, page 405:
"Don MigueT Nb. 4 - Book 54. Rec
ord of Mines, paee 406:
"Don Miguel No. 5." Book 54. Rec
ord of Mines, page 407:
The names of the adjoining (Uiiv.s
are: - liu tne tiotih iLs V.- .
tie Mi auii '-.lawut" mu.; .u
the bouth, ' K.UU11.' ' I.rua, ' '
1," 4 il." ' litt.iK-U.." 'ilill.u. V li
CUS' kUti " V l leu ' ioUc. ou niu
"Liitie tiMt ,' l.tiw MtJ .Z
"t)Ltf ' lout's; w . i. .
It A!
flRCAROHi
::-tUfA8CllVr'i H
THCRESf
a 1 ii 11 1
1 -- THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 16, 1917.
SEVEN
i
1
i
.1
s
i
i
I
I
i
i
3
$
'."5
r:
V
3
i
i
I
REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF
Miners & Merchants Bank
At Bisbee, in the State of Arizona, at the close of business, September
11. 1917.
RESOURCES
Loans and Discounts, less due from Directors $1,769,510.61
Overdrafts
United States Bonds
State, County and Municipal Bonds
Other Bonds, Stocks, Securities, etc
Banking House, Furniture and Fixtures
Real Estate
Specie
Legal Tender and National Bank Notes
Exchanges for Clearing
Other Cash Items
7,822.12
71.7S1.00
165.000.00
431,393.63
1h)0
3.00
PRESIDENT MARCHES IX WASHINGTON PARADE TO PAY
NATION'S HIGHEST TIUIUTTK TO MEN CALLED IN DRAFT
i 3S.624.60
13.015.00
2,342.06
243.83
Dae from State and National Banks,
Approved Reserve Agents
Due from State and National Banks,
Not Reserve Agents
Assets not included under above heads, viz:
Mexican Money (gold value)
Total
1,991,398.75
2,903.86 2,048,52S.10
111.66
LIABILITIES.
Capital Stock paid in..
Surplus
Undivided Profits
Individual Deposits subject to check
Savings Deposits
..$4,494,151.12
i 50,000.00
100,000.00
185.339.51
Time Certificates of Deposit
Certified Checks
Cashier's checks outstanding
Due State and National Banks
Reserve Tax Fund
Reserve Interest Acct
3.359,763.59
711.279.14
34.562.46
847.30
4.410.22
38,504.10
4,149.366.81
4.500.00
4,944.80
Total..
$4,494,151.12
State of Arizona, County of Cochise, ss.
I, L F. Burgess, Assistant Cashier of tbe above named bank, do solemnly
swear that the above statement is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
I. F. BURGESS, Ass't Cashier.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th day of September, 1917. My
commission expires, March 4, 1920. WALTER J. ROCHE. Notary Public.
Correct Attest
L. C. SHATTUCK,
L. J. OVEKLOCK,
(SEAL) Directors.
aisr. . v , ......
V ' . . "wj; L
Wzz :
President Wilson marching at the head of Washington parade.
One of the most impressive tributes yt-t arranged in honor of the of the national army was staped
Washington, when Prasiiie-fi Wilson marched o:i foot at the head r.f ths youn;r men of the national capital w
lave retn orr:cj lor service w;tr tne i-oiois
cabinet, senators and congressmen, :.au cU'ii
in
who
us part of the i jcort of honor were members of the
Wai.,.
limine!'
ABES
in
TO TBE EAST
Daily to September 30th.
ber 31sL
TO CALIFORNIA
Daily to September 30th.
vember 30th.
Final return limit Octob-
Final return limit No-
Low round trip fares will be in effect providing
liberal stopvers Diverse Routes.
Ask your agent for full particlars. He will glad
ly help you plan your trip and make your Pullman
reservations.
Or Address,
GARNETT KING,
General Pass. Agent, El Paso, Texts.
ENGLISH BISHOP IS
TAKING LEAF OUT OF 1
MEDltVAL HISTORY
Eishop of Petersburgh, Eng
land, Makes an Old Time
Pilgramage With Parishon
ers Aiding the Venture.
srome Portland
Following message receiv
ed by John Rainey Irom
Jerome
Jol"n
This ad is run by Mr Rai
ney for the benefit of those
holding JEROME PORT
LAND stock in this district.
C. A. A. NOTES.
where he will spend his vacation with
I his family.
With the heroic death of Dr. Bow-
ker at Roosevelt Dam, there passed j
..By Review Leased Wire)
j PETROGRAD. Septp. 13. The bisn-
op of Peterborough has taken a leaf
out of the history of the middles ages)
I- t
! and gone on a three weeks' pilgrim-1
ae among his clergy and people. K'e ,
is walking from parish to parish t'jbed ,
j in his purple cassock and carrying a
; crooked staff. The parishioners of the :
first week's itinerary of the bishop are
j clustered about the roiling, richly
wooded Leicestershire country in thej
j neighborhood 'jf Belvoir castle and in '
i the Vale of Belvoir. !
A correspondent of the Daily Maii;
j who met the bishop at the boundary j
! line of two parishes on a lonely conn-
I try road, where the silence was inter-1
I rupted only by the rumbling of distant;
thunder and the solitude of the lan 1 j
'scape was broken only by the silho'i-j
j ettes of a shephard and his flocks, oe-'
scribes the procession accompanying-
him as being truly a medieval spec
tacle.
The bishop, he says, headed the pro
I j
; ; ;
KNITTING IS GOING OUT NOW I
AND PLOWING IS COM!?'"- IN
v.
f&Mzri Vi?4 V r.;::': ' i-.- ..::
i0w9m4M;m w'M til
Me : mm 0
Vcu fee Cat b,G00 ts 10,003 More Maes
cut 0 tncin by usin Gates Half-Sole Tires.
We will pi-i them on tor you and char.c vcur old tiret
into new onei at Jbout onc-haU the price you would
have to p-y for nc-v ti:es.
Your tir comes into ourpla.it. worn and scarred
froir. service, and we deliver it beck tc you the same
tire mad overs! and with a brand-new non-skid
treii oi fresh rubier. Not a square inch of your old
tire v ili be in sigh., and you will not e able to tell it
from a new tire
2 4?
"Lou" Hawes has resumed his of j cession a tall figure, virile and splen
from this world one of the finest j fice duties after a prolonged nines'
characters that ever graved the War-'of six months.
ren District. Dr. Bowker first madei
his appearance in this district last) Dr. L. D. Ricketts left yesterda:
year in command of the D. C. Hospi-'for the coast after a stay of severa
tal corps in which organization he! weeks in the Warren District.
held the rank of major. During his!
pntir utav hpre hoth with thp hnsnl-l J. C. B. Ames, the DODular timekeer
tal corps and with the C. & A. dis- er at the Cole shaft, is spending a fev Pine stocks.
pensary, the doctor was noted for his weeks' vacation in his "Old Kentucky
sunny disposition, and the smile or ' Home."
jest with which he greeted everyone ..
He was a good fellow, well met,. and: For the second time, the office mei
left behind a host of friends who will' took the measure of the" shift bossc:
never forget his pleasant smile. His in a thrilling ball game last Sunday
numerous friends with the C. &. A. mornin. Coming to bat in the las.
Mining company also extend their inning with the score 7
sincere sympathy to Mrs. Bowker,
FAKE MOVIES SHOW
LONDON IN RUINS i
did; taller by fully five inches thai:
the six-foot staff he carried which v a
made, specially for the pilgrimage
from a 500-year'old oak at Peterbor
ough cathedral. On this staff the bisl.
op intends to carve the names of
various parishes he vi.si;s, as othe!
pedestrians carve names on their Al
With the bishop on I hi;
occasion there walked in the blazinr
sunshine the rural dean of Framland. can war correspondent
the recl'or of the parisn tif.'umne
and his churchwarden and parish
ioners.
At the parish boundjry the proces
sion halted and the bishop bade a p-'i
"very parishioner
Plo in2 is more wearisome than knitting.
Patriotic Polly's plowing spuds for papa. Knitting is abwrt to po out
end the girls of the younger set in Cobb County, Ga., where the idea ha
it? birth, have lcn plowing for sor.ie time. If plowing crimes to have a
preat favor as knitting has hsO yo';pg women will soon be plowing every
where. And at outdoor parties the; '-;fe'at Lake their plowing with them
Ait 3hso!u!eiy guaranteed for 3.500 miles i wrnr anthovt a
raectrre and rrny ujt arc av-erigmg from 6.0C0 to 10.000 miw.
Vou cannot get !hi Ki.-.d o! g iaranteed service from my lire on the
FMrket without (uyinj two or three tim the cost of a Gates
iiali-Soie 1 ire.
LET L'S SHOW YOU
Don't throw avay another worn tire until you have Invettieitrd
F ':itc, Hj!' Sole. U roo are paying the tire bills you will be i-
ii-. imi anj we are ruay ro snow you now to Keep in your own
i:Ji.t a bin part of th cost of new tires and get better tire service
' .a.i you have ever ha.i beiore. We guarantee IL
ffimmm
LOWELL MOTOR CO.
einul f- rnuc.ll In
( . , . I and thanked the rector lor sm'i e no
jthem the off.ee men drove in 4 runs . extended a pi,Krim. Then ti;,
.iiiereoy wi,iis c Ic u..t.. -people si'JO.l in a circle around him.
liowaru rarn.eu oi me general ui- Hiiuiers uuamc iu a ov-uu
fice left last week for the coast, ' in their half.
Goodyear Shoe Shop
The Goodyear Shoe Repairing Company has de
cided to give the public of the Warren District some
thing that they have not had here before the best of
machinery, best of workmanship, the best of material
for less money.
Men's Half Soles $1 .00 Men's Heels 50c.
Ladies' Half Soles 90c Ladies' Heels 30c
Rubber Heels 45c
We want you all to come and convince yourselves
that we give you more for your money than you get
an3rwhere in the State of Arizona. .
Goody ear Shoe Shop
Back of Y. W. C. A. Allen Block.
the men with their heads bare;!, am.
t!ie bishop prayed for the parish unn
its people and gave them his benedic
tion. About the same time the rector of
Barkston, in his cassock and willi his
churchwarden and parishioners, up-;
peared down the dusty road in the
opposite direction. Thus, wiih bolls
of the churches welc'Jiuins hi:a and
the new procession accompanying
him, the bishop continued his way into
:ho parish of Ilarkslon.
The bishop conducted the afternoon
service oi intercession. These serv
ices are vpecial war services, villi
prayers and special reference to par
ishioners wh'J are fi;lilin or who
have fallen in buttle.
The bishop of Peterborough rcs.'.Ms
the services of his piU'.riniiir'' a
friendly. Helpful meetings of bishop:,
pastors and people in time of .-tress
ami Borrow. The correspoiulem suvs
that he bus, bevond all doubt, ini-
wasn't the best ball player in the
world.
From New York he had gone to
! London, where he worked as a waite:
Germany is givins wide circulation pn tMe nt,. Hussell. Just before
t faked motion pictures showing 'the war he went homo to Germany
London in ruins, declares an Ameri-lto see his parents, the war came and
;ie was conscripted.
And the Germans are swallowing I He told me he was Forry to hear
the fake. that London was in ruins from the
A former New York waiter, who ' Zeppelin raids. I could not convince
wen home t-nd enlisted in the Ger-tl-i'" otherwise, for hadn't he seer,
n'an army, tcld the story when he '" pictures in one of the Ger
was taken prisoner by Arthur Guy '11"" 'ilies of St. Paul's cathedral it.
Kmp?y. an American in the P.rliish ruins?
arrnv, who tells of the incident in
his book. Over the Top, published by WELCOME NEWS.
Putnam. Tli many iriemls of It. V. Krani":
We did o;jht days in the front I ne in thu SPetion of Arizona will be pleat ;
trench without anything unusual hap- r lo i(.arn ,lat ile llns nined his,
penim; outside of the ordinary trench position as assistant attorney Kcneral 1
routine, writes Km pry. f , Kta(P r Arizona, and that he will!
On the nicht that we were to " ar- take tip privjite praeti. e in the hiw firm!
iry out, a Domtjini; raiu avaiusi cm- f Armstrong and Ix-wis in Phoenix
Gerninn lint's was pulled off. This Iiis ret-iynation is to take e'fet t on tlu
raiding pariy cr.nsisled o." six com-.first t October. Iuriii Mr. Kramer's
pany men. sixtee n bombers and four s,.rvj, 0 , tiu, stiite as assistant nt
Lowis machine cuns with their crews. ,on y peneral. lie won an e nviable rep
The raid took the lioches by sur- ta(i.,. Considered one of the bet
piise und was a r :mplete success, the youn ; aMrnyes In Arizona, he has b(
par y hrin;-inu' li.-.ek twenty four pris- ,.,., ,.fpo(.aiy vv known in h.-.mllin?
,""'rs- the legal work of the eorporation coiu-
Ki .e of them were brought into my nijSMiim- j!o M!ts ,, n ,n.r f jm
dusotit and Hirr.; .l over to me po prt;,nt ases for the state in the feder
that they would b- safe from theGer- .,, ,.(irt ..ffit ial family umiuestion-
man tire. ably Nising one of its lending memliers
In the cii'idh li- ht they looked very wl.1 Kramer forsakes the political of
ti'iich shaken, i-cncs vnies and t halkv ..!V;,e nra. Hi e. The nosition
Sth
for our cars'9
with
veplioil oi one,
lie looked
'vale prai'tico.
a io non holds not Hie first he his
nionsely t'jiiched the imagination of start.
iho ne,.nl hv Mm valVinc n-U-riniairo. ' IP' told n e Ills inline wa
. Fcl niiilt of tiie Sixtv six'h Bavarian
fin -in . i iii.. .it I, i, j ti.is slate. Having neon an as-
rnuli at e-so. ' 1 liked lrm from the KisInil, i-jt,.,l states attorney unth'r
1' nited States Attorney Klynn.
Carl
REVIEW WANT ADS
BFtiNG RESULTS
j light infantry; thM he had lived six lumBalut-
'years in N- Yorl" 'knew the city I. A. 1'ichardson and Frank Doun.
beittr t''an I did I; had been to Conov Iwith louglas lawyers, were in the city
Islan-I and many of our ball games, yesle-ilay on their way to Tombstone
Me was a regular fan. I couldn't where they h.id business before the
i make him believe that Haas Wagner superior court.
CHEVROLET
J. W. Learitt Co., Sn Francaco
"From our exhaustive tcstsof Zerolene, w think k ia tb
best oil for use in our can."
REO
American Automobile Co.,Tacoma
"tried Zrolne in Reo car; resulu so good that w have
been entirely converted."
DORT
t Leach-Frawley Motor Co., Saa FraiKbco
"excellent mileage with minimum carbonisation.
PACKARD
Cuyler Lee, Oaklani
"Zerolene has given us perfect satisfactioa.'
ZEROLENE
The Standard Oil for Motor Cars
Endorsed by Leading Car Distributors
because the records of their service department, show
that Zerolene, correctly refined from California asphalt
base crude, gives perfect lubrication less wear, more
power, least carbon deposits.
Dealers everywhere ana at our
amice stations.
II 7y leT service stations.
f V ? ' SX" STANDARD OIL
r"4 .W Vfl COMPANY A iii
r 'i-i w " sMirM - wTk m mw
For frf cforie
Harry -Duty it e"e-
cully Tticmmnti-L
I
Review Want Ads for Results
II
w3 EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 16, 1917.
Orpheum- Theatre
Pick of the World in Photoplays Continuous 1 to 11
EDISON PRESENTS
MABEL TRUHfiELL and ROBERT CONNESS
THE MASTER PASSION
SUPPORTING MISS TRUNNELLE AND MR. CONNESS IS A CAST
OF EXCEPTIONAL EXCELLENCE. INCLUDING SUCH FAVORITES
AS RICHARD TUCKER, HELEN STRICKLAND, BIGELOW COOPER,
RAYMOND McKEE AND OLIVE WRIGHT.
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, Phone 39.
Eagle Theatre
The House of Comfort
Continuous form 1 to 11
HELP! HELP!!
THAT'S WHAT THE SUNSHINE MAID NEEDS IN HER FIGHT
FOR THE UNTAMED CITY CHAP SHE LOVES AND SHE GETS IT
FROM THE BUTLER.
WILLI AN FOX PRESENTS
JUNE CAPRICE
PA
S V
A DAINTY TALE OF THRILLS AND ADVENTURE. ALSO
MUTT AND JEFF in "BELL HOPS"
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
FOREST RANGERS WANTED.
Examinations for forest ranger will
be neia on October 29. The rang?r
servce lias been shot to pieces by the
call for men for the forest regiment so
that there are a number of openings nt
$1,100 per year to men of the riglit
type.
MAY COME.
An effort is being made to start
work from Tombstone towards the
highway now building from Govern
ment Draw. This should be done by
all means as travel Is continually in
creasing over this route and the
worst place In the route is just easi
of th-j city limits on the three grades
which will be eliminated by the San
Diego smelter route, which is the !o
cation of the state highway.
at Douglas for the same company, Fri
day morning received a letter from his
sister, Mrs. M. E. Brown, of Midhiirst,
Susje:, England, notifying him that his
brother, ('apt. Hubert M. O'Conner, of
the Shropshire Light Infantry, was
killed in action on the French front
August 16. He was 26 years old. No
details have yet been received. Jack
O'Conner is well known here and the
news of his brother's death will be a
shock to his friends. It was only in
July that Capt. O'Connor received from a
me King oi cngianu me military cross
I for gallantry in the field, and he must
have been killed In France not long'
after he returned to the front from
London. Mrs. Brown's husband is at-,
tached to general British headquarters!
in France. One of Mr. O'Connor's broth-!
ers is at the Suez clearing station, but 1
has been ordered to report at London.!
Mrs. Brown was In London when the
American troops paraded there. She''
says they were a fine looking lot of
men and aroused great enthusiasm. I
r
LEFT FOR UNIVERSITY.
Yesterday morning's west bound
train carried a number of Bisbee young
folks on their way to the university at
Tucson, which opens Monday morning,
mong the number were Anna Wallace
Gladys Hodgson. Vivian and Cora Mur-
head, and Ruth Campbell. A number
of others have already gone while some
will also leave this morning. Bisbee
promises to have a large coningent
there this year.
TO LOCATE HERE.
Sam King, one of the old pioneers
of Cochise county, is again in the city
and will locate here. He is a. brother
to Mrs. Cash Benton. He was formerly
connected with the customs service
I when an office was maintained in this
city.
Central Theatre
TODAY CONTINUOUS, 3 TO 11 TODAY
TRIANGLE PRESENTS
Wilfred
Lucas
IN
UP
tub
A RED BLOODED PLAY OF DASH AND DARING
WITH A STARTLING CLIMAX
ALSO
ALL-STAR TRIANGLE COMEDY
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
ON WAY HOME.
Assistant County Attorney . Bruce
Stephenson was In the city yesterday
on his way to Douglas from Tombstone
where he has been for several days on
business before the superior court. He
represented the state In the prelim
inary examination of E. S. Embree be
fore Judge High.
CLERK WAS HERE.
A. C. Karger, the genial clerk of the
board of supervisors wa sin the city
yesterday for a short visit. He was or.e
of the Tombstone contingent that was
transporting the hand from Douglas.
Mr. Karger states that the rush o."
work that has been In his office for tiie
past few months is about over and that
only the usual force is now at work.
The tax rolls have been turned over to
the county treasurer and the checking
up of the various petitions against the
great register completed.
I
HERE FROM FLAGSTAFF.
Dr. E. li. I'errin, the prominent citi
zen ot northern Arizona, with home at
Flagstaff and owner of large landed
possessions lu Coconino county, was
in the city yesterday on his way from
the state of Texas to his Barbacomari
ranch properties in Santa Cruz county.
Dr. Perrin went to Midland. Texts. K
where he had been informed there j
were opportunities to buy cattle on ac-j
count of the drouth there. He found j
the report was true, so far as the I
drouth was concerned, but says that I
the cattle offered for sale were so!
weakened that it would be useless to
bring them here, as the trip would
result In their death In transit.
GIVEN THIRTY DAYS.
Ed Hall who had emhibed too much
firewater and was found wandering
around Chihuahua Hill, was given n
chance to sober up by Judge Thomas,
who will let him be the guest of the
city for the next 30 day3.
"We Make 'Em Fir
We have some uncalled for Suits ranging in price
from $35.00 to $60.00 which we will sell at prices from
$20 to $30
These are in all sizes and if necessary we can alter
them to absolutely fit.
Don't overlook this chance for a high class Suit for a
reasonable price.
B.F. Millard
Leading Tailor
Phone 140 Allen Block
Business Locals
An Edison concert at L. L. Oilman's
every evening. , 527
" I Jc. & Briggs vs. C. & A. Warren
TRY THE NEW STEAM' Park 2:30 P- Admission, 25 cts. 273
LAUNDRY.
STANDARD LAUNDRY
BAKERVILLE. PHONE 57
FIRST-CLASS Manicuring Room. 16
Letson Hotel. 205
Seven passenger touring car leaves
Tombstone dally, upon arrival of Bis
bee stages, for Nogales, fare $5.50, 25
pound baggage limit. Adv. 317
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath, 9 Masfcn
Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647.
dv. 231
Dance by the C. & A. band at War
ren Park even' Wednesday and Sat
urday. Admission fifty cents. Ladies
free. 19J
The
LYRIC
Beautiful
Coolest Theatre in the State.
Continuous From 1 To 10 P. M.
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
Carlyle Blackwell
AND
June Elordge
THE PRICE of PRIDE
MRsTbILUE RHODES
AND
HARRY HAM
MISS BILLYDUTTON
ADMISSION .
Reserved Seats 20c
Lower Floor ICc
Balcony - 5c
CHICKEN DINNER
At the English Kitchen Sunday.
Adv.-384
The regular Tuesday and Friday
night dances at Graves Dancing Acad
emy will be discontinued until Warren
Park dances are closed. Instructing
still given daily. -
Dr. Edward Colman, chiropractor
and osteopath. Rheumatism and ner
vousness a specialty. Office, Cottage
Home, 85 Maine St. 687
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
Stage Line.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
daily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co., Phone 444. Leaves
' punctually on time daily. Night tele
phone. Green 368. 978
(Advertisement.)
At
CHICKEN
the English
DINNER
Kitchen Sunday.
Adv.-384
R. R. WATCH INSPECTORS
Prompt repairing, careful workman
ship, courteous treatment. Lowell
Jewelry Slrtip. Adv. 886
Try one of our $3 hats and be glad
you did. 'The Office," next to Bisbee
Review. 479
Dr. E. R. Carpenter, Eye, Ear, Nose
and Throat. Douglas every Wednes
day. Office, -s Room No. 19, Meguire
Building. 476
Expert paper hanger and painter. C
J. Brandt. Phone 456. Box 150. 580
BIG DANCE AT HIGHLAND PARK
every Sunday evening at 8 o'clock.
Parrish Orchestra. Twenty-five gifts
given away to ladies. Refreshments
I uu ground. Adv.-324
TO EXAMINE PROPERTY.
Fletcher M. Doan, who has been
working in the local mines here, has
taken a layoff and has gone to the
Chiricahua mountains where he will
make a report of a mining property lo
cated between Paradise and Rodeo.
There Is considerable evidence of in
creased mining activity in the Chirica
huas. OVER FROM TOMBSTONE.
W. G. Gilmore, the attorney, was in
the city yesterday on a short business
trip. He states that cases are being
tried almost daily in the superior court.
Civil cases takes up most of the time.
He returned home last evening.
WENT TO TOMBSTONE.
Attorney Alexander Murray and J.
W. Ross went to the county seat yester
day where they had business before the
superior court
ON VISIT.
J. T. Kingsbury and family were In
the city yesterday on a short visit. Mrs
Kingsbury and children spending the
day with her parents, Mr. and Mrs.
C. W". Hicks.
BACK FROM VACATION.
Edwin Hicks returned yesterday
from Tombstone where he has been en
joying a vacation for the past 10 days
with his sister Mrs. T. J. Kingsbury.
BROTHER WAS KILLED.
Jack O'Connor, wah was formerly em
ployed in the Phelps Dodge store in
this city, but at present in the store
CHICKEN DINNER
At the English Kitchen Sunday.
Adv.-381
Mrs. Maye Esther Thomason English,
Teacher of
Expression and Dramatic Art
Reading, Physical Culture, Voice
Culture, Tone riacing. Platform work.
Social and Irbme Life. etc. Studio
opens Sept. 15, 1917. 133A Tombstone
canyon, four doors above Clawsou
avenue car stop. Phone Black 420.
All barber shops of Warren District
will close at 9 p. ni Saturdays, be
ginning Sat., 15th. 210
Jc. & Briecs vs. C
Park, 2:30 p. m. Admission
& A. Warren
25 cts. 273
TO VISIT GRAND CANYON.'
C. S. Wilson of the Bisbee Dye
Works, accompanied by his wife will
leave tomorrow for the Grand Canyon
and other points of interest in northern
Arizona. They will make the trip over
land. CLOSED EARLY. .
The barber shops of the .Warren Dis
trict closed last night at 9 o'clock and
as a consequence those who did not get
in before that time will be compelled
to dig up a razor today. If they expect
to look nice. The stores all closed at
six.
0
J
PRELIMINARY HEARING.
James Swoope, charged with selling
intoxicating liquor to a soldier in uni
form, will be given a hearing before U.
S. Coccissioner Taylor on Monday aft
ernoon at 2 o'clock. He sold a bottle
of whiskey to Captain Walker of the
35th infantry on Thursday night at
Lowetl. He is still held in jail, having
been unable to give bond.
15
TO THE COAST.
Mrs. F. E. Shine, wife of Dr. F. E.
Shine, of the Copper Queen for ce, left
last evening for Los Angeles and other
places in southern California, where
she will remain for several weeks
i Feel Belter Than I Have
In Twenty-five Years,
Says William TruetL
BISBEE VISITOR j to wed Andra Rudolph, both of Lowell;
F. N. Wolnott. the Tombstone mer- Charles Weiss to wed Phyllis Wyatt;
chant, was in the city yesterday, on a J. R. Warrock of Naco, to wed Mattie
short visit. He has been a resident ot ! A. Bedore of Bisbee; R. R. Gray of
Tombstone since the early eighties j Tulsa, Oklahoma, to wed Florence
and has one of the largest mercantile j Blosiberg of Bisbee.
establishments In that city. He has a
daughter and a son residing at Warren; PLEASED WITH ARIZONA
and paid them a short visit while he c. T. Agnew, agent for the Zeller-
was here. j back Paper cOmpary, arrived here yes-
! terday. Mr. Agnew is familiar w ith
HAS RETURNED i all parts of Arizona and says all the
C. W. Boswell, who left here about towns he has visited lately are doing
a month ago in company with Dr. ' fine. The mines are now working full
Cohen, has returned fiOni the east, blast, he says, and he believes an area
He came back via Los Angeles. He i of prosperity is passing over the state
left Dr. Cohen in New York state. He as never before,
states that they had a pleasant trip:
I overland. j IS IN PHOENIX
Phil Tovrea is spending a few oays O. Truett. watchman for the M. K.
STAGE TIPS OVER j In Phoenix on a visit to relatives andT. railroad, and living at 121 North
While returning from Tombstone on is registered at the Adams hotel. Sixth street. Waco, Texas.
Friday evening one of the Tombstone I "About lOur years ago." he contin-
stases was accidentally turned over.! IS IN TUCSON "I began suffering with lndiges-
while the driver was attempting to' Edward Massey, deputy state mine ! "on and gas on my stomach and go
pass another stage. Several of the Inspector, was in Tucson On Friday : '"S down hill. Afier eating. I would
passengers were badly shaken up. but ! and Saturday on business connected I swell up as tight as a drum and suffer
with his official position. He has been ! tor iwo or inree nours ana wna: i naj
"It's an actual fact. I have gained
eighteen pounds on two bottles of
Tanlac and I now feel younger and
better than I have in twenty-five
years." This interesting and remark
able s-atement a.s made by William
CHILD DIES
The little 2-year-old child of Matt
Korpi and wife died Friday afternoon
and will be buried today. Korpi was
one of the deportees and arrived from
Columbus yesterday and went tJ hie
family about 2 o'clock and the little
one died about 5 o'clock.
HELD DECISION
Judge Winters yesterday postponed
the rendering of the decision in the
Tyson-Wonders adultery case until
Monday n.Orning on account of the
defendant's attorney being fn Tomb
stone yesterday on business before the
superior court. Some sensational tes
timony was introduced in the hearing
that was held on Friday.
COUNTY ASSESSOR HERE
Edwin A. Hughes, county assessor
of Cochise county, was in the city yes
terday on a short visit His office has
completed its work for this year and
are now getting ready lOr the begin
ning of work next year, by checking
up the names and rolls on this year's
assessment. Each year shows a de
cided increase not only in the amount
of assessments, but in the number of
individual assessments. He also was
one of the band transportation com
mittee. THROUGH TO DOUGLAS
Reese Cornlieus was in the city yes
terday on his way to Douglas. He
makes his home in Tombstone and is
in the employ of the Machomich Mer
cantile company.
ON WAY TO FRISCO
Dewey Hogan, wl.V recently joined
the United States navy here, was sent
to EI Paso, where he passed the ex
amination and left that place Friday
night on his way to San Francisco to
the training statioa.
When your tooth aches, see a den
tist. When your battery is ailing, see
battery exports. Willard Service SUi
tion, Lowell. Adv.-360
HAVE BABY BOY
The home of Duke WilcOx in War
ren has been brightened by the ar
rival of a bouncing baby boy. Mother
and son are both doing nicely.
no bones were broken. Among those
injured of this city were: I. T. Scott
and wife, Thomas Baker and a man
named Andy, last name unknown. Mrs.
Scott was injured in the face; Mr.
Scott, ribs injured; Baker, hip injured.
The auto was only slightly injured.
making inspections of a number
mining properties in Pima county.
of eaten feit like lumps of lead in my
stomach. I was constipated all the
time and had to take something every
j .. r .1.: . . kl. t i .1 i. v .
REGISTERED IN TUCSON ! l" lu,s " JUU,C- uau
Among the guests registered at the: ng pams iron, m? nips aown. wnicn
v'-i,!,.,. ; i n us luiu was snauc hicuiuuiimh.
SERIOUSLY ILL
Mrs. Frank Shearer, wife of the
Dixie canyon milkman, is seriously ill
at her home in that canyOn and not
much hope Is held out for her recovery.
Hotel Hidel in Tucson on
were the foliOwing from Bisbee: J.
B. Williams and wife, Mrs. Blanchard
and son, J. II. McDonald and C. C.
Heiner.
was as nervous as ? rat in a trap and
it was almost impossible for me to
get any sound sleep or rest. I was
almost completely run-down and played-out
and fcr two years I lOuldn't
work enough to pay my necessary ex
I went to Mariin. Texas, and
PRICES HIGH
If vmi orA pnino trt FlPtii i n v c Qfrvn I PHSeS.
over night take vour blanket., is the ' 8P-nt a hundred do"ar9,fora lou,h s
advice of parties that have just rft. treatment there and it d.dn t do me a
"It is almost Im- j.. .
,k!to Missouri anu r. ua ias ior ireax-
WERE MARRIED
Miss Phyllic Wyatt and Charles C. turned from there.
W'pisA WPrp loined in the holv bonds nnveihlo tn fat n rnnm thprp '
of matrimony by Judge High on Fri-j8ay. "and ltod has climbed up quite '" " " oul ot" '"' ""
dav pvpnine. The ceremony was ner-1 a mtlo in nH- ln Mm-h Imnrnvi UUiiaia
formed at the residence of the bride's'' ment'and construction work is going ! ' and il iust 'ooke1 "k 1 W8S 0
on in Deming. and will continue foru 10 00 a 8,l""cr lue ul
some time, especially on the down-i a" ..... ... n 1 1
town business places. New dwellings Th 1 ot,t0 tak,"S th' ThanUcr!
are being constructed and the place. I bad and heard so much abouL It
generally speaking is as busy as a has been a l;fe sar to me and wou d
hive of bees The government is tak- cheap at a hundred dollars a bottle
ing good care of the boys as they ar- compared to what other treatment and
rive both in the way of Quarters and medicine cost me and the suffering 1
Tk. 1 iu ,, had to endure for those four years.
Uicao. a uu nuLs ''THv s
sister, Mrs. Perry Moffet
VISITING FROM GLOBE
Mrs. Noble Rowe Of Globe, is visit
ing her daughter. Mrs. G. A. Plunkett,
of Warren, and her bandson, Bryan.
Mrs. Rowe expects to remain here for
a few days and then join Mr. Rowe at
Benson on his way to California, where
they expect to make their fture home.
sanitary conditions are very favorable I mj lst r'"J !m'ta my ihird .boU"
there for Uncle Sam's boys. About a"d 1 ha no..,am or,ff ,n
SUPPLIES SHIPPED
That the ladies of the Warren dis-jthe cantonment, and every train, al-
trict have not been idle since they most, is bringing in otners.
started working for the Red Cross is ,
evident from the fact that the follow-: GOOD POSITIONS OPEN
ing articles have been finished and ( That there are gOod positions to be . . , fppI lir anJ onpr!,v
In every nerve of my body. As I have
eat anything without it hurting me.
I'm not a bit constipated like I was
1 and the rheumatic pains are ail gene
! out of my hip and leg. In fact, all
my miserable feelings are gone now
sent to headquarters: 114 bath gowns, ; had in Arizona is evident from the
216 hospital shirts, 240 nightingales, ' number of vacancies that are being
102 nightingales, lOi pajamas (pairs), reported to Miss Elsie Toles, county1
360 slings, 120 pairs bed socks, 165'8(.hool superintendent, not only in the
fracture
covers.
pads and 292 dozen tray
HAS RETURNED
I'nited States Deputy
James McDonald returned from Tuc
son yesterday, where he took two
United States prisoners from Douglas.
They were Fred B. Thompson, who Is
charged with buying soldiers' clothes,
and the other was A. C. Potter, charg
ed witli selling liquor to soldiers.
schools, but elsewhere in the state.
Yesterday she received a query from
Doane Merrill, chairman of the state
Institutions, asking if she cOuld in-
Marshat I form him of a man and a woman teach
er for the industrial school at Fort
Grant
SYMPATHETIC STRIKE ENDS
By Review Leased Wire).
SPRINGFIELD, ills.. Sept. 15. The
DR. HICKMAN ILL I sympathetic strike which took 8.000
Dr. A. R. Hickman, formerly One of men from their duties during the week
the foremost physicians on the Copper, is ended. Coal miners, watchmakers
Queen dispensary staff in this city, ' and many other workers will return
who is now a resident of Los Angeles. ! to their tasks on Monday. Barbers,
said. I have gained eigh:een lOunds
and I now weii;h one hundred aud sixty-eight
pounds and feel younger and
better than I have in twenty-five
years. I wouldn't take any amount of
money that could be offered for the
good that Tanlac has done me and I
would be ungrateful not to tell Others
what it is that got me out of my suf
fering and made a well man of me."
Taulas is sold In Bisbee by J. M.
Ball. Douglas by Douglas Drug Co.. in
Paradise by O. A. Walker, in Bowie
by Bow ie Drug Co., and in Saa Simon
by J. B. Cooke. Adv.
SHIP WORKERS STRIKE
is reported to be recovering from a 'butchers and giOcers returned to:ay.
severe illness, which confined him to
his bed for the past six weeks.
TO TOMBSTONE
Norman Walker,
It will pay you to have us check the
electrical system on your car. Loh
man Wright, Lowell. Adv.-3fi0
j BLISS TRANSPORTS
the Associated; The following marriage licenses
Press correspondent, went over to have been issued in the clerks office
at Tombstone to Warren district par
ties during the past few days: Ed
ward E. McNeill to wed Maud Wal-
(Bv Review Leased Wire.)
PORTLAND. Ore.. Sept. 15 Union
enmloves Of wooden shiDvards on the
The settlement wss reached at a ; jwiiamette and Columbia rivers at
meeting of business men and strikers pVtland. Vancouver. Washn.: St.
with Governor Lowden. It was agreed Helen's. Ore., and Astoria. Ore., struck
that the unions may return to work todav for hiEhpr na ftn.i ,h -1,,,-d
tomorrow and that Sheriff Wheeler
Tombstone today to spend Sunday 1
with his brother, John W. Walker, the'
court reporter, and his wife. Norman
will return here on Monday.
shall dismiss the spectal deputies em- j jown their tools.
ployed since the strike or street car
employes began two months ago. The
wage scale is not affected by settle-
shop. Reports Jndlcate 2.000 men laid
lace, both Of Lowell; E. L. Shot well mnt
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.