MARKETS.
WEATHER.
i-
ARiZONA: Wednesday
partly ioul: Thurs
t!a. i'loui!y ; not much,
change iu temperature.
Gevernrr.er.t Price of
Copper, 23.50.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service,
VOL. 20. No. 172.
THE BIS3EE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 26, 1917.
J PRICE FIVE CENTS
. i
it
Mexican Bandits Raid Border
Town in Texas, Killing Driver i
of Mail Stage and Two Others
1.1
U. S. All Ml' OFFICERS STUDY IVESTERX FROXT OX
HUGE CLA r MODEL IX SERVICE CLUB IX XE1F rORK
American Mall Carrier Is';
Kiiled By China Carlo's ;
Band United States Cava!- j $
rynitn Are Now in Pursuit. !
Return Home
(By Review Leased Wire.)
AN ATLANTIC POET. IVc. Ci.
GoverV-ir R. L. Beeckman . or
Rhode !salnd. who left here the lat
ter part of October to visit the
America a forces in Fiance and to
convey them a personal message of
greeting from President Wilson,
arrived cere today ina British
l.ner.
On the same vessel was William
ty Mexican bandits . TbcTr.pson .head of the American
OLSHOIK
PLAN REVOLT!
(By Review Leased Wire.)
YALEXTIXE. Tex.. Dec. 25. Tho
men who trt.ugl.t the tody of ,
"ilichey" Welch, the United States
luail carrier, who was banged and J
his thraat cut
at Caatlaria. :ei, eany taday. re- I
pcreu An.jn ticops tnd the rear j
fuard of t;e Mexican batdics were
lU-Lung tonis'.it in the vic'nity of )
Caatlt-l-ria. ij
IRLDfl
j !
lEvtience Uncovered Which!
Rr1 Cross mission i'j Russia, who
is returning lo the United Suites to
make a report of toe conditions in
that country with reference o
work of his organization. Thomas
A. Lam;ct of J. P. Xiorean & Co.
and Sir Frederick Edward Smith, tj
attorrey general Tor Great Britain,
Seems to Substantiate' Be- j
lief That General Rebellion j
Has Been Planned.
were aiso among the passengers.
.CONFERENCE
nr nunniiiin
! r n i MiitS.
w m aBwvrwaasai w
AND GERMANS
IS POSTPONED
Passengtrs. Killed. ')
The iitn. who arrived !n an auto- $
Kobile .rom tie river front at Can-
celaria aiso reported that the two j
A:ner;cin .iisxiriins woo mere riaing
wilh Y.'c-lcb in the mail stage were
tilled whfn the bandits fired at
them. They had ben reported mis
sing al! day. An American employed
in tha L. C. Brite store which was;
looted at Canlelaria by the bandits,!
was shot through the face but will
recover, they said.
, Welch was taken from his mail
stage, hanged in the doorway of the ;
Bike store at Candelaria and his;
throti cat troru ear to ear by one of!
the Mexicans. The Brite store was
then stripped of everything the hand
its could carry a nay. The Mexican
employees of the store were forced ,
to saddie all of the available horses;
tnd the loc.it from th store was load-:
ed onto these heroes and taken away-
bv the bandits. Everything tnat could
ChIwav"ken fm S,ore!6olsheTiki Army Commander
Less than thirty minuies after thej
raid, the alarm had been given andj
soldiers were in pursuit of the Mexi-;
era bandits. Reinforcements also ar-j
rived at Candelaria from Mirfa and ;
the two detachments formed a junc-j
tion there and started after the band-1
Its. Thev are expected to cross the! By Review Lessed V. ire)
line into Mexico tonight, PETROGRAD. Dec. 25. Ensign
. Krylenko. commander In chief of the
EL TASC. Tex, p-c. 25 -An Arnr- Tt,Ited to the Fc,shevik,
i-n trail sia-e driver was hanged . ' ,
red his throat ctrt early today by Mex- headquarters Sunday that tha Ger
"can raiders who crossed tl-e line, mans were transferring' troops in very
raided the little border town of Can- iarpe numbers and as quickly as pos
delaria, and held up the mail M. tib to the western front againn the
killing the driver and looting the
ffij.il sacks. The body of "Micbey-: 10 southwestern
Weich. tte American stage driver. i Russian front,
was brought to Valentine tonishr. Leon Ttotzky, the Bolsheviki for
according to a telegram received nere; minister has calIed lbe attention
tcniet- The ioo ea m&u sacss were
rs- .ro:isht frcm near Candelaria,.
where the stage as held up. Two A special dispatch froa Br3st-l.it-Mo-riror,
r.-.n'Pr in the mall t-L-ce ovsk announces the Germans were
Reports That Hun Troops
Are Going West Russ
Leaders Inclined to Doubt.
(By Review Lecsed Wire)
WASHINGTON. Dec. ;i E !d
ence has been uncovered by jrovern
nieat agents incicntlng that American
Industrial Wor'rers of the World.
Russian Holsheviki. Irish agitatutrsi
and revolutionists in various coun
tries at war with Germany may b
seeking to lay the foundation of an
elaborate world-wide plan to over
throw existing social orders.
This was admitted tcday by offi-j
fcials h-re in connection with news of I
the discovery of a quantity of rifles.;
revolvers and ammunition in thej
Russian freighter Shilka. which has
just arrived at a Pacific port, manned
bv a Bolesheviki crew. Government
fiPAnr. sucnArt thai thff rims anil trnmi- 1
tions were intended for the Industrial
Workers of the World in this country,
although tt was said a full 'report on
the mysterious cargo lias not yc
been forwarded by officials at tho
port of arrival.
Irish Agitators Active,
The Shilka incident is only one of
many cases leading officials to be
lieve the connection between plotters
in several of the allied countries may
be more
link of moral sympathy. Certain Ir
ish agitators and L W. W. leaders re-!
cently have gone from the' Cnited
S'ates to Russia after being in close
touch with each other here, and re
ports have been received that Bo'.she
viki organizers would come to Amer
ica before Ions to spread their doc-
Hirt.nn'"""'''! ' ' ' 1 " ' i i i in iipi mini i. t'rtiiitfl ' i ii "'"j'j'Jf
I i ' "... i
f Ostertd Y,re. Ytr Cw.br. U . ;
. i . ... -.- - . - . - - - "
i
EffECTEfl TO
FOLLOVVHARD
illlOi
German Artillery in Intense
Action in the Verdun Re
I gion May Pressage An
! other Attempt to Break
Allied Line.
Captdn David C Fallon (pointing) showing officers poi nts on clay nap of western front.
The western front is still a long way' from New York, but the United States officers in their serric club in
the Hotel McAlptn study its hills, valleys, rivers and towns on a hug clay map laid out by a soldier who has
bevn over the entire front from Ostend to Switzerland. '.
ATROCITIES
REPORTED ON
SOLDIERS OF
Advance News
i By Review Leased Wire.)
AN ATLANTIC TORT, Dec. C5.
That the crew of a German sub-
HOOVER SIDE
i marine made prisoners after their 5
s vessel had been destroyed knew ji
OF THE SUGAR
when a large steamship tarrying
army officers had loft tne I'nite't
States and that the sub.uarine lay
iu wait to sink her, was the state-
THIS COUNTRY
mont of several enlisted men of the (
American rjay wno were passen y
gers on the steamship. According i
I to the German prisoners who were J;
taken to England, they knew "all i
PA1
uu
IT
da mrnov
UiLno
in
IDE PUBLIC
and Eiecutsd By Having
His Throat "Cut in Recent
German Operation.
Bt Review leased Win.)
lncrsed cannona.lir in tne rvgion
of Verdun. e-pc ul!y arcunJ ivuia
niont. the C:.a;me wcxnl and the Cau?
j dieras wi'jj, whic a year atJ wei-
I the theater for some of the tirrvest
' enovunters of the ar. indicates uppar
jently the lne:c. u; ;..e c.ern'cns to
' keeu hc c rench forces ia this sector
; well tK-cupieU or miht even moan a
renewed effort to hrenk throustli at
i hU vital point
! The allies, however, are evidently
, making re.dy for ar.y untoward event
and have taken the i::it.at;.e in Vther
directions. A British air squadron
i has successfully bombed the city of
Mannheim, the gieat Rhine center,
and one of the must important bas'S
; for the revic tualling of the Germans
1 on the western front. Numbers of
lires weiv starto.1 in t!.is city, a ton
of bombs being dropped. The British
squadron had numerous Cmibats with
German airp!anes in this exptvlitioa.
nd one of the British mav-hmes was
'orced to make a landing.
Italian Front Bombed
fn Italy the battle Is still raiing oa
the Piave front. The iialians aa-
ahsut the departure of the steam- ;i j
shin." but the submarine had failed !
. k? .L countries may) . ik h be,-allse of the vigilance Statement Food Administrator' n'n,nr ,""t m-apture.1, d.
tangible than the indef mite (Arnencan Sentry Is Captured i of her convov JHicmem rooa aminiSTXaior , spUe sturihorn resistanco. the THsi
isnea to r ui oerore vxm- v ,,"i v i i;
i ; oay on the Asiarx p!.ttiu. Benin re
mittee Is Made Public at the Peru, however, tend to minimize the
I setback and lay .-Uei on the repuU
, ot Italian counter aita.-ks usainst th
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IX i
trine of direct action for communal FRANCE. I?c. 25. (By the Assoo:.it-1
organization. d Press) German atrocities against)
No objection will be raised by the American scliiiers are officially re-j
government to any agitation which : ported. An American sentry has been;
doea not interfere with the nmcress i i'JUrd with his throat cut and. it is
of the oeace delesation to this fact-!"f the war. officials de.-larr Offi-: officially declared. "He must havei
CAMPBELL TURNS
OVER OFFICE AT
CAPITAL TO HUNT
White House.
cials do not intend to use the war
exigencies as an excuse for suppres
been killed after capture
nfonnstion concerning German sav-'
UI3L IL.IUUIILTS IU? UTIlUBlin W TZl C t " I .. . . . , ,
. . A t,r . 1. 1 agerv has reathel tae trjiin? in ojit ,
were rororted to ave been shot. j not ready vet to reply to the Russ.an - ""Z: 1 i of a series cf buiieuns read to them :
C-no- B3nd, peace terms and consequently ine .s -v , ... lmll,n,iBPi 1
u- ! ., . , "V - i tho fiotit f-iin iha nntni nnwar I lne ua!l eominander and posted on
The Mexican raiders, believed to meeting 0. tne peace ae1egaies s ",-"; ". vJ ! the bulletin Nwrtls. Here is wl.at !
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. IVc. 1S. Koo.l Ad
ministrators Hoovel 's statement on
the sugar situation, which he tried
( unsuccessfully to get before the sen
ate committee investigating thi
) i.?.ir puuri.tjcr, m.i uittue purine to
(Positions newly won by the Germans
; and a thrust at Monte Pert tea. Tha
Germans report the upture of 9mi
Italians iu engage:nnt around Col
rvl Rosso.
True to their tactics, the Austro
Germans probably will dir-ct aroth.-r
, and greater thrust at a different point,
as would appear trom the shifir.g or
large forces to the Pranzeia valley and
! the mountainous regions to the north.
f.r the
be a part cf Chico Cano's band or postponed until Monday arternoon. it
cattle thieves and Mexican border, it reported that the refusal of Ger
bandiis. crossed lbe Rio Grande at many to Issue passports to the German
srjirise today near Candelaria. eigh-i socialists Haas, Leiebour and Kauts
tren miles southeast of Valentine.' ky. who desire to go to Stockholm
Tex.
Tfcev raided the jtore of L. C.'to acquaint themselves with the F.us-
Prite. a wealth- merchant and ranch- ?ian re-. olutionary conditions, has pro-
er in tie Big Bend district, taking cuced in Russia an impression which
a quantity or supplies and driving ofj niay hamper peace negotiations,
valuable sadtTe stock. The Mexican : Plans May Be Changed,
raiders, all mounted on gocd horses.; Minister Trotzky has sent a tele-t-er.
made a seeDinr raid in a semi- gram to his delegates at Brest-Lit-
circle northwest from
overtaking the automobile mail stage
which was
Yaiettine
mas mail.
kii'Mi vor r I m n vpi it 11 itiu- vit-i ui.u ucircatniu. m ultra a 1
't i.i.ri. . , vninr'exDected her- Thursdav. shnuM m tn ' "en nt imiwnrt'nr monev into the;
This basis of judgment, however, is
recognized as broad, and will permit
drastic action against forelrn aents
whose conduct directly or inlirectly
festers Crmanv's war aims.
Swift Justice Promised.
cion w-ill be r-art'cn'arly swift,
officers say. when armed reisnc
to the law is threatened and when
ether material forces ?re emploved
r- the agitators. Customs lnte-tion
will serve to prevent Imnortstion of i campaign
they heard: . '
Throat Cot
"After a raid by the Germans on'
renches held by Americun troops, a '
.'jne sentry cf infantry was found t
with his throat cut from ear to ear.'
He had been surprised by an over ,
whelming fore" of Germans and must '
have been so killed after capture.
"Such brutality is familiar to o:a
soldiers who served in the Philippine
Gtt . -t f r 1 niht f..f.t ttr .4.Iti i nia..i. It at
ovtrnor Hunt Utters (Jamr- ,, .k ......., k.... .k..
. "l ever, to have b,vn remove,!
bell Mis Uld fiacs on the .".e..i . Mr i.. hoiu.
wr lps,'r' hetr.isphire to K.irope. aad as-' jwj Wjr (j Soreidina
Tax Commission Will Notirts that witnou; ti:e fixins oT prices ijvil war in Ku-a seems t(v ht
'y agreement sugar would have been sprva ling. Tiie nesotiatUw between
selling for twenty five or thirty cents tht. j.Msheviki and the central poer
a pc-und or more than two hundred apparently cr not pr.Hee.ling smooth
tut.lion dollars would ha.e been pro- iy. Time gained by the Germans in
fiteered from the Ai.ietier.n pe;j le by ' the negotiations would mean so niueS
.his. time. j mure time for the shifting of troops.
The statement contains the food now being carried out with the sreat
Run Again for Office.
PHOENIX. Dec. iii. The change
of the office of governor took place at
10 o'clock this morning without cere
mony !n the presence or a score aJnintstrator s reply to charges made j est speed possible.
friends ot Governor Hunt and former
Candelaria. : ovsk. in this connection, declaring j arms and tne cinse supervision or; Anotfier bulletin tells the men how
mii stae that if the Germans refused their! crews of incoming ard ou'ring Tes-; the Germans ic occupied sections o!
i leavin- Candeiaria for socialists passports, this would create exoected to make ivoossihle j Fiance and Be!i.!ru are turning the.
.,. rh . kh imnrwMn. .t PMrnmil 1 e traffic of communications on a women and children out of theit
iij uiiuc U SV "v . - w - 1 ; . . . -11- w- i nrai.ui, trinr- t i
wnth Welch, the American hat i was deemed necessary that the caie imennea o toster rfn.1ur,. Du.iuL.gs M,t-n oxer r,n,nfw a
e the two Mexican resid- German offic-al deleeation. which isiionary activitv There ar- still ;t Folders, horses and matenaL ;n;p,IL v
to Candelaria for Christmas. They ; Stockholm Instead.
were missing tonight. I Stop Manufacturers.
Attempts Escape, j The Bolsheviki commissioners have
We!ch was fired upon as he at- issued a manifesto to all Russian
tempted to escape in his automobile. ! wcrkingmen declaring that as the arm
He wps then overtaken, ordered from ' istice probably will be transformed at
the car and hanged, according to the an early date into a general demo
report received here tonight. Later jCratic peace to all the European peo
a Mexican approached the body.'ples, preparation of military equip
which was haceing near the ground, rnent is a wast of national labor and
and ended tiie Cnited States mail . funds and that, consequently, the out
CErrier's life by severing the jugular Put must be stopped immediately and
vein with his dirk. i replared by the nroduction of peace
CnUed cavalry troops, Texas rang-: supplies, which the country needs,
ers and Cni ed States postoffice in ' The newspapers announce that a
specters are now on the trail of the delegation from the enemy powers is
bandits who were believed to have' cowing to Petrograd to participate in
doub!t-d back to Mexico crossing up conference presided over by Troti
the river from Candelaria. Cavalry y to discuss the political aspects of
detachments were dispatched from'"" eventual peace conference. An
Vaten'ire. Marfa and other ' outpost other enemy delegation will particip
prints. ' te In. the coming meeting at Odessa
It is pmbshle the American troops - discuss techni.al questions,
will follow the hot trail across the
river into Mexico as was done at la
dio and Buena Vista when Chico Ca
no's land crossed the line nd raided
cattle ranches.
Cnited S'ates hnt government stents
Wage Advance Is
Governor Campbell, After the change
had been made Governor Hunt said he
would request the resignation of Tax
Commisisoner Kuehler ia order that
he miilit tender "tha; office to Cover
jvernor Campbell
was elected to that office three years
1 ago for a four year term and on his
accession to the office -of governor
CASUALTY REPORT
can trace remittance na i"p a' WASHINGTON. Iw The f.!-
watehhi! eye on suspicious expendi- lowing deaths were reported todav bv nn.ler an order of the supreme court
tures. j General Pershing: , last January, recognizing him as gov-
I. W. W. Still Strna j First Lieut ens nt Jiuie D. Paull. : er de raeto. be appointed Mr. Kuehler
Althoneh prosecution of I. W. W. Pittsburg, Pa., aviation section, signal to succeed him.
ipxrirs recently le?n vieorons. ( reserve corps, died December 2oth as j Hunt Declares Himself
officlls bave evidence which the j the result of an aeroplane accident. Governor Campbell thanked Gover
sa sows that the wensce of tMs or-i Private Caney A. Meadors. Krupp. fr Hmit for te fnder hut declinetl
canization. believed to be sunportel ; Ky. infantry, killed in action. Noveiu-1 the antwintr-ient. savin? that he had
tarrelv bv dem'sn nonev. remains Uor 1 St h. j other matters that would claim his at-
trone. Further action ea'n tei Private Harry Meyers, Indianapolis. ( tention. He laughingly said. "Gover
aeitators Is forecast. Thl will be. Infantry, killed in action. November nor. we will want to take another
hastened if it is found that the bandj lth. j crack at each other next fall." "Not
is working with R'issn Polshevfklj Private Earl A. Aurand. Harrisl.urg. I. not I." rented Governor Hunt.
iitera tn hrinr about a premn'ure I r died November lath from wound. 1 "You may tMe a crack at somebody
l RprKint'. interests, or to Private Edaw rd C. Kostbade. Ho-
hamner America at home
Vforv the committee bv Clans. The Germans have refused to somt
S'preckels. president of the Federal of their soliatist lea.lers permission ti
Refining conipf ny. that the siuar sit-! f " Stockholm n another inter-u.-.tien
was mismanaged and sets socialistic discussion. The B.'sheikt
'orth in detail the administration's ef-! ,r reported to be Intvnsol over 'this
forts to keep sugar prices down while I decisww and. In the opinion of the Rol
supplying Urge quantities to the al . hvt Naders, the German official
!dehgatn should go to tookhoSm
At the outset tr.e statement pnM-n:s! inlJ' t, v
ho world suv-ar situation as it ex! . Bolsheviki manifesto to the Ru
.sted prior to the European war. The ! PP
alhes then prcJuced mael, of ttM tion of m. uarv equ.pmeut must h
, . . ,u " stopped and that their energies must
own snpplies and purchased the re- t-, th- m.,,.,i. , '
'J supplies.
FIyers Burned
to Death When
Planch Wrecked
Extreme care is being tsten bv thl
rcvernment to av-o'td antarontzing
the Bolsh'eviM movement In R"ia
despite the intemat'onal irritations
it has caused. American offi"ials do
not care to appear to resist the de
velopment of democratic ideals, even
if it assumes the form of extreme
and chaotic socialism reported in
! Russia under the new regime, in
bart.. Iml. infantry, killed licccmber'
22 by an explosion.
Private John E. White, New York. '.
ammunition train, died December 2"1
from eunshot wounds.
l..."se deaths from natural causes
also were reported by General Per-1
-hiug:
Sergeant Charles II. Galivan. tele-'
graph battalion, signal corps. Decern- '
her 2Srd. lobar pneumonia. Chicai-.
Private William A. Elmslie. engl
else, but not me.
Trouble ead
It lo saeil bv rep"blicans that Mr.
Kuehler wi'l r.n resign: though he
ws nr.poin'ed to Pll varanev. it Is
iwvn'ed out ta the office Is an .elee
t'v one; ts hi tu Is preciolv
the same ss that of the other ir.rmtiM
of the commission
Ann-intmets Announced
The ontv anniii'ments nnnounrwl
tortsr bv Governor Hunt were hoef
Homer R Wood of Present P. C.
BANDITS TRAPPED
(By Review Leased Wire) j
MA UFA. Texas, Dec. 26. Early
Chris. mas morning approximately lOi)
Mexi-an bandits raided the Brite
ranch. 27 miles southeast of here, kill
ing Michael Welr.Ji. the veteran stage
drive.", and two Mexican passengers en
for the h(0 operators of the New Eng
land Telephone and Teleeraph com
pany, outside the Boston district, went
into effect last Saturday, it was learn-
routo from Valentine. Texas, to Can- ed at the offices of the company here
dcl.-ra. a small tradine point on the tonight. The Boston situation, it was
Rio Grande. Sam Neill, foreman of stated, was still under consideration,
the Brite ranch, was wounded. According to the leaders of the Ifs-
Neill. with his wife and a number ton Telephone Operators' union, the
of ranch hr:3s. barricaded themselves increase to outside exchanges is the
in a ranch house a short distanuce same as one rejected recently by the
from the Brite postoffice and foueht union in this city. Th union will
off the baniits until United States T 'or a greater advance than the
. company offered and for changes in
(Continued on Pace Two.) working conditions.
only to Insure rratenat safety and to . iiernilosis. winterset. la
promote moral unity of this nation in; private Lawrence I. Anderson.
the war.
CLAIM REPULSE
(Pt Review 1 eaed Wire!
BERLIN. Dec. 25 (via London).
Italian counter attacks upon the posi
tions taken in the AustroGerman at
ta k of Sunday wr-re repulsed yester
day, as wa an Italian drive at Monte
Pertica. army headquarters announced
today.
I -umption in England has been re;!':-
.i to twenty four founds a year for
' each person ir.d in France to four
teen pounds, against a consumption In
America of fisty iive pontics.
The shortage, the food administra
tor declares, w ill continue during next
son on stste institutions Mr 0,.'w "s 11 ,s lne ,u 1 ,n'' mite.,
hi'm was t';e ciHren member of .he I sta!,1,s to ccmtir.ue to feed the allies.
ot-. boa f control. Mr stmckmev-! Shippinj Is Question.
en er w,. Governs- H'.int's chief counsel! "Next year." he says. -Ur supplies
gineers. December 2iMh. broncho-pneu- in tlu late con'est. i"" e snort ..ww id o v.wv tons
monia. Detroit. ! i ,nit'ss tl; uios lo Ja tr 8llP-
Irivate Ernest E. Marsh, aero' SIPEPIAN RAILWAY CUT plies. This amounts to an economy
'onadron. Deeemher 22nd. n-eninit-is. i "i abc.itt 10 per cent on our part. If
I Strondsburg. Pa. "v,r Review I .ft Wre
war It'.ev look onlr ...MllnM) tor. mn
! '.luailv fror.i trie mestern h.ml.ih.r. i
1 t his year they have taken 1.4iK.0?0 '
tons.
"T.iat." says the fowl adniinistrat ar.
"is the cause ol the sugar shortage.!
'and nothing else."
Enormous Exoort. j
S'nce the uxhI administration was1
: -.-reared in August the I'nited States
; has exported to the &l:is llo.SSi tons iFv Review Leased Wire
! ,ftefi:.td sugar nd in :he s.tme per.oj FORT WlUTH. Tex IVc. 2x See.
Cuba has shippd to Europe I'tS.l,; "'nd Lieutenant Keinbooth of Purr
; :ons of raw product. This, it is de-,''" Edmunds, England, who has
; elated, is just th amount of the short h'n here for two months to finis-i
, age In the I'nited States. : training at Camp Tal'-aferro. and Ca-
Even with these shipments. It s let Manson. a Canadian who has been
I pointed out, the siij.oS in England !'r tor xut the same length of
,gnd Isnce has be'n iunleq iate Con- ,in' training, were ihetwo reen wli
were ineineratej in ire anT'ne acci
dent last night at Hicks fiold. Teir
nr r a
UtlCit JUK,I UtUI O, 'ine wl'h mis policy, u is expi.um-u. : Beers December 20th. bronohopneu-! StnicXmever and Charles R. Osburn
I preparations for dealing with the en- Knja jrors itragc. Cal. ' of Phoenix as members of the commis-
Ity Review I. eased Wire) j eroachment of BolshevtMsm on .Amer , ,Yjva,e Sajnt rlair Willcox. .
BOSTON Dec 2-,n advance m ,r" ",r .--..... rantry. December 2rrJ. pulmonary tu
wages of approximately 10 per cent
l.e allies are f. reed to :o to Java it
Private John
train. IMember
t;n. Tex.
Identity was made known bv royal fly
' ing crps officers tonitht. Each of th
men had been a member of the royal
flying corps for several months pre
' vlous to coming to Fort Worth.
Although at first it was believed tho
. men met death in mid-air. investiga
: tlon proved they were burned to death
after they struck the ground. Officers
at Hicks field stated that the machine.
' was riving at a height cf 2tM feet when
it made a "side slip" and the avsrprs
."wild not reus in their equilibrium.
When the machine struck the ground
the easol'ne tank was torn open and
J. Duhlanc. supply pfvivg Dv. "S The t-n SI-1 Hi ree. iire an extra r mount of ship- igniteil by the spark. The men were
list, pneumonia. Au b"r:ao rsilwsT as hen severed nesrjP.na which if used to transport will strapped in the machine and wait
lrv..k 'n eastern Siberia, vlicc the ; move Ijii.ooo or "(M.c".i. American their machine and clothing on fire.
' iPoieviH have dcroyed the loco-; sold ers to France. : they were unable to remove the straps
FATHER NOTIFIED i motive shcls -nd workshops. ijp:,tt; "if statements thai there will b nd were burn ed while on the ground.
PITTIU'KGII IVc 2." Joserh r. fihtir h. i-cn Botshev'ki 'oreesand, in abundance of siuar next year are If the drop had been higher, the
More than 90l0 prisoners were.raull. broker cf this citv. was official-, snnpirters of the original revolution j Relieved by the American public it nien would have hade an opportunity
taken in the Col del Rot-so fighting.j
isays the official statment. '
(Continued on Taje Two.)
1 ary artT Is occurring in many places
In Siberia.
(Continued on Taje Three.)
itf turning oft the spark and regaining;
I their balance, it was explained.
' i TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVTOV, WEDNESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 26, 1917.
S0LEI1TY HARKS CELEBRATION !
OF CHRISTMAS THROUGHOUT' THE
NATION; WAS DOMINATES COUNTRY
(Uy Kf.'.eif Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. I.:, "'j. The Kocky
Jicu::aiii club wv.:eh kept open ticttse
fcr fcolc:ti3 and saiirs iiere to-iy
I'layed a leading part in N lores
tirst Christines siuce Auterioa n
tered the war. Three hundred ?jlr
d.ers and sailors s-1 down 10 aiancr
there esd may more wore fir.insriy en
tertained ifcrousitoct ihe d ir.
The celebration of Christmas here,
while lacking of the charitable events
tha, beret o'.i.re uai d.a-a::e:ize3 Ue
citv's efforts to make the day merry
L;r the poor, was marked by a solem-;
niy tetuttng tae. n-ttuu pan -u at ppafi harbor. Hawaii, which in
world strugzle. There was a noti- tura sen. . j, to tfce pvernment station
ceable obsence uf jraiety anion? tbe;a! ;;njIa Tfce vanila wireless then,
city's poiuiation. &i hough an eftort flashed the greetings to the American
wts made to make the cay as j 0iIS ; w urst.ps scattered lcng the China t
is pss;b.e for ti:e children. J an(j Japanese- coasts.
Olive drab and blue, worn by the; At tne g2me tiat pearl harbor)
soldiers and sailors plentifully mir.i-: was rciajing ibe secretary's greeting-..,
ed with street wrongs, gave a u.i;u . nIies across the Pacific to the
sry aspect to the day. j Philippine, the Point Loma station
Approximately lS.oOO soldiers and;wss broadcosting the message to all
sailors were entertained in the city I sjijpS aa(j sfcfcre stations from Panama
ar.d vicinity, their hosts comprising j to sitka. Alaska. The message wn
friends, relatives, clubs, societies, and . acknowledged and relayed here over
organizations. Hundreds danced at lt distance of more than U.tofl m'les
ball at the Grand Central Palace :.; a ,j,.jp iefa tnan fifteen minutes,
where it was arranged that no man in j The secretary's message was:
uniform should be without a partner.; fhristma greetings to all in the
The city's po-r fared as in preTl"j
otis years. C'aariuit.ie institutions.
provided Christmas trees, gilts and
Fpe'iai menus while other organiza-
tions. religious and philanthropic
tertained thousands of unfortunates
at dinn?r and entertainments. '
PERSHING'S GREETINGS.
(EyKevew Leased Wire l
WASHINGTON. Ier. - Renewed
pledges of de.otioa to tbe rai.s cf
texicrarv frcra ail ranks of the Am - -
erican eypedit'onarv forcej in France
'were given in a Christmas nies.;e
from C.rreral rershin? to the chief
of staff of th armv. The cablegram,
made public tcnitt by tlie war deprt
xent said:
"Tltase extend to t:e prestdent snd
the srct?ry or -?r hoiiday grcitin
acd best wishes for success oT our
armies during the conin? yea', and
onvey to thctn. fn;ni all "TnS:s of t!.e
American expeditionary forces in
France, recemed pledge i of devotion
to cur scred cause.
"Likewise express our greetings to
our comrades at home, coupled with
full confidence in the patriotism
ceurase and devotion to the flag."
General p.liss. chief of st2ff. sent
tbis message ia reply:
Bliss' Reply.
The president and secretary of
war sent to yoa and to the Ameri.-aa
army in France the most cordial
greeting and good wishes for this
Christmas season from the people of
the United States. Cur comrades in
arms in every camp and cantonment
rJJUi er., nouie wtich tner are successfully mainuin
today goes a prayer for the welfare ic?; fcin Ihe AustrtKjerman forces.
i a: s.i.c ns oi our iruops in rranre
prr.Mjrai.y .or mat ci every n.an ,
Vl iliC IISUUJ ITTI'US-frS ID VOU
zzid them its full confidence that in
Gcd's good titiie and with Goo's bles
ring its troops in France, side by
side w?h their r?llant allies, will
bring vk'orj and abiding pca-e to
nil the worid." .
MESSAGES TO WILSON. "
By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. Dec. 2S. Sai!ors from
French men of war and Canadian and
Serbian soldiers aIo were included
among the gues's of the Rocky SI out
tain c!-iri. Smoking and trench shav
ing k'ts wre pres.-ntf-d to the men.
A uniuue ffature of the entertain-
ment came when the electric lights
In tne d:ntng lia!l vcre si ched out
ana me soiairs. witn pencils attach-
-d to thsr electric shaving bulbs.
;'c rr.essaees of cheer to ITesident
v ...-op in tne lu-nt tlasi-i b- tlie
r-dT k.ds. Tne n.-esyatf-s will be
maiifd to the prs-dor;'. The foiliw
'i'.g misae f-om Governcr - Moses
Alexander of Idaho, was readt
"T".ret;:n;s and a Merry Christmas.
Knjc.y turkey. Sear eternal
vengeance against the reel Turkey of
Europe, ti;e atrocious alty of "the
kaiser. I'Iik-v th;r ft-'th-rs and
power so Uiat upon your return from
sbrosd there wiU be nothing left of
those brtjcnans but the remem
f rance ti.at" we licked them hard and
food."
XMAS. AT THE FRONT.
Bv Rev.ew Ie-sed Wire;
L-RITISH ARMY ID:ADwUARTER5
N i RAM e It. li'.y the As-
:'icta:e-i Frevs.i rhnrtTi.as j3 as
1 riEl-t rnd rtld en ho ha'tlcfront
lift there e no 'ifi.ioiis'rativc cel
bra'iir;. !? tberr ;.s rra
"m j-T! ih tl-.e Gerniiins as !.ac
icncd fo the firs;, aad evtn on th"
:econl Cbrisfr:as of the ar. The
(ieriiin ni Hkx's of warfare have
wioMr destriyl ar.v terd?ccy of
that p-,rt mrng tl.e Britons.
The British runs hae beta active
rurin.7 the last T-w ctpys. Yesterday
tcy cchieTed co-i-irraMe consolid-sti;-n
on t.e ene.vy in'-.r.try in the
firb;K-ricrd rf '"e-taere at.d in
'l;e:f1 nan:, rasraltics.
RECRUITS EAT TURKEY.
( !tv Rcv.e-v 1a s-"1 Vi-i
DENVER. I'"C ;...- Every Cne of
ie "Tm armr rcr'nt- temnnfari'V
coar'ered ia lien-. ?r while awaiting
transportation to army training canitit.
rs given p i'hri'n'as diar.er today
ty Denver rl-.its. hoteig snd Indiii-ci;:al-5.
There was roa.--t tu:Soy"fr
rTI and the rvlebra'Ion ri'ni'nated to-rtzi-t
ri ene''a;r'rnrnt ib danr
ias. where tbe ry-ruito were jais
Governor Guattr
DANIELS' GREET iN3 TO NAVY.
By Rev.ew Leased Wite.)
SAX DIEGO. Cal- Dec Christ-;
rveiiB.;s from Secretary of the:
Nary Josephus Daniels to the otfi
lers and men of the United States
end ali.ej navies, flashed irona the
Ar'inctjn station near Washington at
Eiicign: Chris mas Ere, were re-
tied here by the high power radio"
stwion at Cholas height.
Tlie station immediately relayed .
;ne mssae to the government piant t
naval service. . j
"The country reposes confidence inj
j!s Evy: Is proud of tire rTice It'
already has rendered in this war: andi
fcas fatn that it will measure up to
tlie demands made upon it."
!
CHRISTMAS MULES. j
fly Review Leaded Wire l j
CAMP FrxSTOX. Kas.. Dec 55. j
four hundred army mules in a stam-j
pele- provided an extra event on the;
Christmas program for the national,
army troops here this afternoon and I
forced a change in the plats for dis-J
tributing the gifts to the soldiers.
The trouble came during the staging!
cf a frontier event in which the wa-j
con tra'n was attacked by Indians)
ci tit - s.atc giiari.
a.t.i.ded.
enu uisionE, jnvesUgaUoas pi war operations 1
tE;!s were not clear to the mnles of . . M . f m ;nl '
Inn, w.nn In in VA"hi.n tho
Uisns attacked' and ' "tae
End cowboys arfsmered with volleys
every mule lunped toward tbe center;
fdsriir into a niais of stmgcling an-i
:mals tangled harness and puet wa
gons Ctat the soidiers were hours nh-
Utiolina
Military lines had been formed for!
she reception of the presents but the
excitement was too much for the men
who broke ranks to aid a badly disor
ganized wagon train.
WITH HIS TROOPS.
M;y Review Leased Wire) .
- ROHF. Lec. 25. King T.nctor Em-
ia?n;iel spent Christmas,, with his
troops and the Christmas spirit only
served -to give strength to the Italian
army in the tremendous struggle
The pope celebrated three mid-night
massrs in the PtUiine chapeL
Thousands cf messages from over
all the world, bearing words of good first witness tomorrow and Food Ad- there is an abrupt descent of more
cheer, were received by the court. ; miuistrator Hoover" is promised an than 1(H0 feet. When the soldiers had
Many of them came from the United opportunity Friday to get in with hjs ; Rone as far as possible in automobiles
States. I statement regarding the sugar situa-; tney continued the pursuit on foot to
American youths in smart aviation ' tion which he vainly endeavored b th p!Re r Ti where they
cniforms were to be seen in Rome place before tbe committee last week.;?,a feme expert shooting at the V"
and Naples. Tbev are the first for- and which was made public tonight, 'ns bandits at a distance of over UH-O
tign soldiers to wear the Rov.i Eagle at the White House. A number of the Mexicans were
of the Italian Hying corps. Every ! Othe- Inquire. U? n wounded. The shoot
where they were greeted 5 cheer,. , Member, of fhe'shipping board and 0 toot anT fok
tfficers of the emergency fleet cor-. proteotion4
Fuel Administrator Garfield says , poration will be further examined to-! Ealv this morning fie bandits were
that since Aug. 20.000.000 tons of KOrrow afternoon in the shipbliding in XZ uZ
lack of cars. Coal supply he says is,
ample, if problem of transportation t
cculd be solved.
uelcgatit.n ot itvet- producers told
ljek-gatit,n of fu'ver producers told
Director of .the Mint Baker that thev;dcn dfln of chairman Xewlands
must receive at lea?t JI an ounce or
snut cown tneir mtnes. rnce ana
details or arrangement will be an-,
nounted in a week.
CALL 773 CHAMP
AT MOXEY RAISIXG
Char lei Sumner Ward.
Pcrpite the drains on it recently
lle American pure is still open to
any mcritorio'is and patriotic appeal,
says Charles Sumner Ward, interna
tional secretary f tbe Y. M- C. A,
uho coc iuctcJ t!'( $l00.PO0.'W Kcd
Cr.ws ani SC"."'to'C P.eJ Triangle
campaigns. He io ca'.ied th cham
pioa money riistr cf the country-
: ?A -
'TV
i ' '
DAMASCUS. CITY OF
TO FALL
t 1
View of city of Damascus.
t-:s.tvt:t ;vii:S?s rho net ciljr hich wil! fall in the British drive through the Ho!y Land, is no less
s iv'i.w? th'.j Jrv.'ru; la the photo th famous Strsljht street of i'an-.nsrus crn l.e seu U;ini.:ng in
llc ri-.'-b wr -;rrr.:r The stroU is .. .-re i Uk tn nrchis tcof ."Jr.i'.s: lis entire Wa-lh.
FEDERAL PROBES
TO RESUME FULL
imp it
(Py Rertew Leased Vire
WASHINGTON. Dec, 25. Congres-.
In-'""" K " !
.. rA n.-MA n.rii ltnnarv
- Va r
In the war inquiry of
military committee. Major General
Shartte. ouartermaster general, to-:
morrow will resume his - testimony
rta!to. Ad
army
supplies, health, sanitation, transport
ation and cantonment questions.
Three cantonment commander
.
who
.recently reMirned from abroad
ei
NATION
0111 UJ 1
follow General Sharpe. hose further;. . ., ' .
, :
most of the wek. Secretary Baker.;
1 7,- 7. . . . , .,';rode oft over the ahnost impassible
' wKm. wA m afiniiA ntflfcnxinf rf mil. '
'""j. '""rim rock toward the southwest, drop-
'l"r "1
w.ore me cuiuui.nr lur uu.c lu.. , of Capuin Sprinkle and his men. A
Fuel Shortage. i natural barrier is formed by the rim
Investigation or the fuel shortage rock between Brite's ranch and the
will be begun tomorrow by the sen-1 Rio Grande, impassible save at cer
ate manufacturers committee, post-: tain points where winding trails have
ponuig until Friday its further in-
: quiry into the 6Ugar snonage.- ruei;
Administrator Garfield will be the
mittee. which hones to complete lts:t
WOrk before congress reassembles.
ti,., tnr thp nilnuil Inciiirv of the
; senate interstate commerce com
,r nntted owin- to the
president Wilson's ne- conference
i Thnrjtav iih railrnitiUmanagers
k,.k. . ,i..f tk Mtmmlnrp's
meetinc Dlanned for tomorrow is
be postpoued out cf respect to Sen-:
etor Newlands and hearings probably,
mill not be held until after the presi
dent delivers an address on railroad
i problems after the return of congress.
MameHero Wins
Swimming Event
fBy Review Leased Wire)
PARIS, I H-r ;,". Cerard Meister.
who wa:-- five times wounded during
the battle of tu Mame. won Ihe an
nual Christmas swimmitig contest
across the River S"ine. a ii?tante ff
' SiO yards today. T'uc terupcrature
y. T'uc terupcrature
m"" tCViS
' stood at ah.ut t
he hi idr',5 aijd
were crowded with t?ecttors who
rheerel the swimnK-rs as they plunged
through the icy wate-r. M-if tcr won
! this event in ISIS.
NO SIGN OF STRUGGLE
I
(By Review Leased Wire.) ,
j PEORIA 111. lire. Jo. Coroner W.
! B. Elliott in a statement tonight said
that bis investigation bad convinced
him tiiat Ciere had been no physical
struggle between B-rne Meal, cashier
' ( the State Trust and Savings bank
j here, and Edgar A. Mrausse, presideut
of tbe institution, prior to the firing of
I the shot that killed Mead iu the bank
offio- last Sunday. Strausse. through
a'tc.-ntys. has claimed sclf-dcfensc as
a reason for tbe shooting.
NAVY 8EATS ARMY
i ST. LOUIS. lH.f. ;r,. The naval re
j serves soever tcim of St Louis de
i fea'ed juij Etustii hero today. 7
i to P.
COVERED SWEET. MAY BE XEXT
IX BRITISH DRIVE THROUGH HOLY LAXD
MEXICAN BANDITS ID EIDER
TOWN IN TEXAS, KILLING DRIVER ""
OF HAIL STACE AND TWO OTHERS
(Continued From rage Oue.)
! soldiers bad been sent to their as-
sistance by CoL George T. Langhorne.
commander of the I5id IWnd district at
Marf2
..
trt t!iA KHt ranrhJii autnmnhiles. the
soldier learinr camn at 11:30 oVlcvk.
Jo ltw minutes oeiore mess can
for their annual Christmas dinner had
been sounded.
The bandits looted the Brite store,
in wtich th postoffice is locatei.
making away with $T0 worth of
flstnr mil nthp nnrlimi mrn-in
" r, .
abandoned the work of pillage and
. nr . ' irniy.
ping over it just a few minutes ahead
been cut In the rocky malls.
At tne point wnere me nanuus oroo-
pea irom signt of the pursuing troops
tritODS. under orders i.f rnlnnfl
,tiL.t itin t, rf..i;K. .
' ti., iv, ti " " v.."
New Auto Record
Is Established
BAEKSKIKLii. ( tl.. iH-c. 25. -What
was said to be a nw world's au
tomobile record for five miles on a
mile circulat track was hung up in a
race here today by Louis Chev.'.dc:.
who defeated Barney O'dficM and Ed
die Ilcanie. his time beiu t!ire- min
ute, forty-right seconds.
In a trial lap officially timed. Old
field clipped a second elf ti' w-rla's
recorti by ix-g;uati;u the mile in
I 2-i seconds.
T n 1
- Veteran Dealer in
Land Succumbs
By Review Leased Wirel
NEW YORK. Dec. 25. Rutland M.
i Garrettson. raid to have been t-'ie
Oldest real estate broker in New York,
died at his home hero today at the
ago of Si years.
Mr. tiarrettson was a son of the
late Erevhorn tlarre.ttson. who was
Dne of the committee that received
l-atayeito en his jt visit to Amer
ica, tin h's mother's sHe he was a
dihect d"seeujint of Colonel Nathan
iel LyMcItun. l.o anie to America
in lt:i...
Since uieaiVst. and wheitt'.css drys
were initiated six weeks aso. Ameri
cans have sacd ni?..,"."'n pounds of
heat. iMI.'K'nt.lHill H)l!jijs Ol nie:lt.
ii ikii,iini .i.ia nf sii ::t an-i s ;.
i" pocuds of fatj-. a lo'al ef STt'"!"'
I'llS.
mil : furnished the soldiers br rar.-hers ccnttv-ny of Arteries. s'V.-d ;hat work Zr$5 l aU.VV:., A ,
TOV ?v,ns ,in thr. vlcinK.y- ColoIul Ln t nain ot h5ah srH,i ;..s isA 'iiW; The HALLMARK Stor,
ana norne has ordered his men to spare no i;i he heenn ii"nic1ilciv after the 1 mm u u t...V 1 . L
effort to completely exterminate the .i. ..r th.. IS.. .
ani; bandits The new rVnrern s in.-crm.rst-d in .i IT r5-.. ' ttvitw w.mt An.
- 5 4 ' :rtJ
Atrocities Arc
Reported From
AmcricctnWorks
(Continued From r&j;e tn
)
ly notified tonight by C.to war ilorart
ment of the death cf tis j.vn. r":r
Lieutenant Jaraes D. rau:l:;
killed m Frame. Ije-a'enaii! Pr.ut-.
aged ;i. conies iror.i a fj.t:i"y ci
famed fighters. His graT!fat::er. fed
eral Robert Gallway. as ncud in
civil war strife, while his at garr.d
father. Colonei James p. Pauil. served
with the American forces ifuring tr.e
revolutionary war. An un-le. Davtd
Cummins, was kilK-d esrvtns'ur.tit'r
te American ilag in the Mexican ivar.
WIRELESS WILL
OHITE NORTH AND
SOUTH AMERICA
(Py Re iew Loae.'. W:re
NEW YORK. Deo. ."V 'ot;imcrciaI
ireiess comuiiinit at ion betweou the
United states. Mexico ond Cen'ral
md South America was brought near
er todsy with the anr"':noenie;it here
if the organisation o ,ve 'an-meri-'
cr. Wireless and Teli-p'ttne r:npar..
Th? .iiint.ur.corct nt vVi utile
the Marcfii:? Virei.vs Tch'urah
ilaate anil is f- v!.d hy Edward J.
Nal'y. ftimerly first '. io rro:i'ont
nd general i!ia!i:i-er -f the Postal
rt-lejrppl; contpiiry A. imumTiorr'.
7n
i it has ac!i::red the rirt lo use
patents and cmices. i s cf ihe
AtverVjii aitd Etil's':; Murconl ctn-';ii:-s.
s w'l as the v- Nen-lVd r
srn system. The Mirttmi ccmiwiy
jwns a HMjtrity of tlie stock of t'.te
'":in-An-erican concern.
"The I'r.t'ed ta'es iye.nni-nt has
set its seal of afcnro' nl on 'he iie
enterprise." ti e cni"l;1."s ;icit?eit
r.-ids. "rec.'tniiiiff t!i;it the csisl.'i h
ment cf closer tr;ile r-l.-ito:is h. of
fered thrt.uch 'he l:n k cf chear r.
mere direr! snd extensive cvm'iiunKa
en. The M.ir-cni r?.ri has fv
cnde, it-i tw of activi'ies a t " .
!t now wi!l b ahie tv rover ;i?l .nir
ci. whet can it t 's .eretotoro ke n
;e.rf:ned to the l'rtte; S""to and ih
pendenrics, aV. for-isn s':itins having
heen under cpn'rtd of foreign corpor
n ions."
SCHEDULES MAILED
(Itv Rei- !.ca.-r.i W:re )
WASH1NOTON. lv. JV-Plans for
uakilig the nation wide war emcr:c!ic
';hm1 survey are will i.n!er wa. tie
bureau of tiia'ko's anpi;;iie.sl tt .i.iv.
sehdii'es h.ivm been inu ied c. ccry
fowl dealer. I'lariuli turer and 'o!iir
.if suni-lios ill more thU lJ'i:il
The 'ire will nnir more than I""
-tifft-ri-nt fix!s and returns must
ihovv ihe slH ks at' 'i.i:id !S ember
'1 and thf same W, last year, wtt-i
"stiaiatcs el q'.ninf if.es t:i t:."..-it cv
ard by freight and express on ti e
;.lst !:! Ot thrS !::? il . .'J'eS
ii'M ks of foo.lstufts on i'n:s w it! be
made by the bir an i f t top o fi;i;a'os.
REVIEW
BRING
WANT APS
RESULTS.
cor.trai lcrs :n L:rcce buy
lrc:i L'3. TI?y fir-.-re it
is V. C; vTH s 1 !ILc. to do
so. ;HYDCN T i"CU?
if ycu itcd tKcm to
liTre vcur rcrk PHONE
L3 ar.d v.e sec that
il-uj- jxt in touch with
If ycur cor.trattcr has
NOT figure with us ask
l.ii i to do so: it will be to
u:
iiii.
. Gibson -Hines
Lumber Go.
J.W.FSciti.ngr.Ptcce88
CityBIacksmitii
. Slioo
Under new management.
Expert horse shoeing.
Warrorj v.-ork of all kinds.
Truck and w?.c.on beds
made to order. Satisfac
tion guaranteed.
H. P.
fr:eden?jchsen,
Prop.
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
'uiKrihC
GKICHHSTHR S PILxS
. w rw w.niVrt,,-n5:...wiN!t n nhvihifi f-iw r-m
tfltntCSTSilfZimS ing WESt.iT
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber A Co, Boston, Duluth, CalumiL
- LOGAN 4 BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO,
oPEClAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best oi every thin c at reasonable a Is carte prices.
A Special 60c luntlit-on tlaily. AIs-o $1.00 dinner from
5:50 to 7:30 p. rv SrciK Board by the month, $40:
10 by the week
Henry Poppen, Manager.
I J
r- -v k.'T.- y.J.I
Bisbce
Lumber Company.
EMIL MARKS. MGR.
LOWELL
I R I
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
iLaai
PHONE 23
SUITS
00
TO
OHOER
TGS20
Remember, these suits
are made from genuine
$25 materials.
Every thread guaran
teed Strictly AM Wool
with a satisfactory fit or
your money back.
WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OP
LADIES' ALTERATIONS.
D. H. Evans
BREWERY GULCH
Opposite Uncle Jim's
BRUCE PERIEY
WSDRANCEKrsS!?
BONDS
Copper Queen Hotel
Fidelity
Liability
Bib, Arix.
HENESSEY
UNDERTAKING PARLORS
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
EYE NERVE GLASSES
S'ady and mrch r
search wore ainco
15S2, Is tbe caaae ot
my sncces&fu: practic
:a His be. Dr. C
Glue, NeutrologUt,
lUdg, rhon. OSlc
Room . Aiaie
to. Kvatdenco. ULack 41.
Telephone 444
A Phone Call Will Bring Ua.
LOS ANGELES JUNK SHOP
Highest Cash Prices raid For
Metals. Rubber, Rags. Sacks, Bottles,
Bones. Iron, Hides. Pelts, etc
HOROWITZ BROTHERS, Proprietors
Lowell, Arizona.
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
W ATKINS & BERGQULST
Jewelers and Opticians
GOOD
LUMBER IS
BOTTOM
AT THE
of o'tr success. Low prices may
he'.p sime, but it's the floe qual
ity of our lumber that bring
our customers back time and
attain. U pay us to sell good
lumber. It will pay yoa better
to buy it It lasts longer and .
is more satisfactory to work up.
Try us with an order and youtl
come back when yoa want more.
CAR STOP.
phcnc a.
GROCER THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 26, 1917.
THREE
NOTED PHYSICIAN
CONDEMNS INJECTIONS
.FOR BLOOD POISON
SANDBAGS.
', WEAPON OF PEACE TIME LAWBREAKER. DO
TUEIR BIT FOR DEMOCRACY NOW ON LAND AND SEA:
Elmer Lee. M. D, Editor Health Cul
ture; states: "I have never met with a
cae of bftxxl poison that was cured
with injections of arsenic, mercury,
salversan. (606) neo-salverson. (914)
and the like. Another spurious sys
tem is the 'Wassennan Test. Many are
the innocent caes which under tMs
test are suspected cf blood poison and
subjected to a course of arsenic ani
mercurial treatment that is worse than
the disease." Take a safe niedici&e
like Number 40 For The Bldbd, the
irgredients of which are set dawn in
the V. S. Dispensatory and other med
ical books as rol'.ows: "Eaiplod in
diseases of the glandular system, in
blood poison, mercurial and lead pois
oning, scrofula, chronic rheumatism,
catarrh, constipation, stomach and liv
er trouble. Under it3 use node?, tu
mors, scrofulous swellings, sores, ul
cers and skin eruptions that have with
stood bH other treatment disappear as
If by magic." ilade by J. C. Menden
hall. .40 years a druggist, EvansviT.e.
IncL . ,
Sbld exclusively fn Bisbee at Centra!
Pharmacy, opposite Orpheum. in Lo
well by Lowell Drue Co., in Douglas tv
Owl Drug Co. A dr.
Italy Aids Teutons in
Their Campaign There
MM
minn
mm
-THQRIESSIKGS
For the 370th Time the Bells
in the Church of Our Lady
ofGuade!upe Call Faithful
to Worship Today.
- - . ..
' x x av .
N o zcc
: ITL1N AK .tY HEAHQrAUTEKS the Anstriais ni.it tho r b lr lv
!lX NORTHERN FRANCE. Dec. 2T.. n fcf fl,r 0n;
1 . . , as acair.st 12 feet His: -stiiter. I'm a!S
I (By the Associated I1ss.)-The en-. snow ..p,, s.ji:its are jn ,h
! tir mountain region, where hrtivy ; rti e ttiHiiary re;:'!is for tiie pies
j fiphtins hs been ?oin; on in recent ; ent.
I days, is having the unusual experience : Brenta Valley Snolers
i of a holiday ses m with preen l,'-", The en;re area r.t the present fitla-
ana summit sanu lime or ho sno.'me iu t.;e itrtr.ia uii y is ir-e ir"n
IS f ? COLD I
'v " J
One of the senerals on the front said
' that everv foot of snow was worth di
visions on the front in obstructing the
enemy.
I "-This is one of ths nuldes; wtnters
1 . ....
we ever nao. sau tne msjor
charge of the weather branch .f the
hish command, "and from a military 1
tsandpoint the weather conditions are
' British sandbag protecrif ns in desert
; before Gaza (top) and around a
gua crew on a British monitor.
In peace times we thick of the
sandbag as a weapon cf a thn; or a
. highway man. In war ssnTrars
llarper, of course are used exten-
sively to protect life.
Tie British made most liberal nss
of sandbags in the drive on Jerusa
lem. In the desert before Gaza sand
' bag protections were relied upon r.l
' nost entirely to pnard the front Une
' forces from the Turks.
On fighting ships the randbgs
have recently been c -rployed to good
advantage to protect gunners.
The lower photo shows an anti
aircraft gun crew enclosed by bazs
'on the deck of a British monitor in
the Adriatic.
The turrets of the ships, ammuni
tion hatches and other vulnerable
' puinis are protected by the bags.
snow and tH eat!;er U very n,;M.
This is the valley here the Austrian
route brinss s'ifp!i's aid troops fron:
Trent to t!e Asijsn and Brenta fronts.
Between the rret;:a and the Tiave
rivesr. ::,ch is the prinr-f.il rsicn i-
the fishtire. Vonte llrsr-ps. l.i.h
usually has four tr six f'et f snrir.
now lias only ten to te've inches on
of the highest importance both fr our the nsrtrera slopes. a:ul six inches on
troops and particularly n their eucrt the southern slopes. The temreraturc
on the- enemy" transportation of sup- is from i:'. to i1 above lero
plies and troops." Morte Asolone. Monte IVrtica and
Weather Mild ; Monte S?jlarc!o. here tfie heaviest
Taking the report furnishe.1 by the fifthtin has occurn-d in the last few
high command today on the weather days, have only a few Inches of snow,
weather at all vital oornrs. tr.e ma- H varies from thre to tive inches au 1
seldom lasts. oin to the n:;MnesS.
In the foothills the tcn-pcrsrure rs sv
ways frerin5.
The reports sho v s:rr.ilsr mild ror.-.
ditions fn the Carso and th Julian
Xff TERR'S,
V. V ' ' ... c -
jor pointed out the extreme variations
in the mountains, plains and vallevs.
Here at headquarters the report show
ed 35 S ahove xero. and no snow, while ;
Uf same repwi i - , ,
and seven feet of snow in the Ortler rans-s. to the east throuch whi h the VIicn J'OU ICCl the neCvl
A,Ftnher east. , n ,h. Adamen, Alps.' JZZ tOT an phitafatteft bcver
which are the next hiehest to trie Ort- ern Venet:a. The r.ii'daes is so pro- jq drills AQDrOSU.
ler there is about three feet of snow. : nouncel that the enemy is able to op-
i romnareJ with ten feet last year. erate four listnct lines of co nmuni.-a-
A round Lake Garda the conuilion is uon leaaais 10 i.oniia. 1 uiue auu e- ,
much milder. Monte Pasabio. where netix 50 UflCn VOU afC tnifStJ Of
.ircd simply say -
Vou'll like the subtle flavor"
JTAREZ. Mexico. Dec. 25. Ancient
Spanish bells in the time torn tower
of tWhurch of Our Lady of G'Jida
upe called for the faittfiU to r-
hip at das n today for the 37(tl. t:m
since ' black-hooded. Franciscan fath
ers erected the little inis.-ucn church
in 15-1T.
Christmas is a day of continuous
service in the old church which still
iands on the south bisk of the river
of the north ar.d the adobe bui'.din?
Is crowded from dawn until cndniEhf
with worshippers. The Christinas
iobralion In this m
Aborder town ctnter around the s-rv-loes
in the old church but trere are?
nitny i pie living in tje shadow of
the arcient mission.
Ore of the favorite nh-emn,, ,
Chrisuis day is the Pastores or re
production of the Pirirnape made
by Joseph and Mary to I?eth!c-hpn;
Doiis; dressed in bright c-o'ors rej-x
wnt the main ac'ors in tae jriea'
Christmas s:or iad the tciii-a is
furnished by the children cf tie
tei,rhborhood fco sir.c Chr:- t-ias
sons and recite appropriate verses
Jn their lispinp Spanish.
In .the. interior of Mexico the eiviaa
of Christmas presents is not general
but here on the border the Mexicans
have borrowed the cu-:ora of ex
chsntrji? rem eru trances on Chrinmas
day and the Christmas tree as ;.".
been iauoduced into the homes oT
the more prosperous residents.
But he center of universal interest
Inthia little town cf adobe and sua
tsked trick is th old mission church
and fcs hand beaten belis rin elxott
cc.ntiouously throuehont the dav on
Christmas.
GERMANY SEEKS. SPHERE OF
INFLUENCE ill PERSIAN GULF
REGION; DECLARES VISITOR
j (Py Review Leased Wire)
LDSTOX. Dee. 3. Screiary
j war Baker is ripht in statin tfcat thej
i Gern.an peace maneuvers shouli not
i for a moment induce the United
! Stares to slacken preparations for
j war. in tLe opinion of H. Charies
Woods, Fellow cf the Royal ueo
'rrj.'Mral soc:r"y. ar.d a :reern::?c
aathoritv on miatary matters in Ent
'lani In a sta-ent-nt toiisy Mr. V.'ooi ;
! wiMd out thst the exit of Russi.t
j from tte war would remove ono of
j'he rrent cbrtac; in the way ot tiis
i
of the most pro-German of the Turks.
! "Moreover, when Germany and ftus
isia had come to an agreement as to
' the P.agdad railway, as a result ot
jthe meeting between the kaiser and
ithe Tsar at Potsdam in 1910. it was
: Hakki Pasha who after the conclu
sion of the Tripoli and Balkan wars.
; was sent to London by Turkey, in
. agreement with Germany, to, try lP
bring about agreements between the
i British foreign office, the German em
; barry. that is Von Kuehlmann. and
the Turkish embassy in regard to the
' Ha oAft.rf-iafi ntf Rtiofinn Af the
-railway and other important matters
tion from Hamburg to the Persian connected with that region. Those
of eulf. an area in which they could agreements fortunately had not been
maintain their position without sea signed on the outbreak of the war.
rea!rzarinn cf the desire of etrrr
jV."ii:u;ni aril his tdvisers for dor-.:na-
' newstamg'lIsams
! amid the welters
Detroit Hoard of Commerce estim
ates that plants employing 40."in rr
sonsxaay shut down entirely, "and
heavy -coal shipments are not receiv
ed immediately. FonJ Motor Co. is
said to have less than two davs sup
Ply. -
Service fieg with stars representing
11.4' employees who have enlisted
or are otherwise eraced In war was
unfurled Friday in front or United
States Corporation offices in New
York.
ARIZONA
Bisbee Copper Co.
PER SHARE
FOR SALE BY
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize in Jerome
and Oatman Stocks.
P. O. BOX 1129 PHONE 26
1 f -
' f
pewer. "If any proof were wanted." " "It Is for these reasons and because
he continued, '"that the Germans, in of the identity of these persons that I
m:!0 iat;r;g peace with Russia, have' lav particular stress upon the in-
in :'ew their future success in the.fluence of these peace negitiations
cr st it would be in the personnel of upon what I feel convinced the de
'lic C;u auu Turkish delegations, isitns of the Germans la the east The.
Personnel ef Delegates. -realization of such designs would be
-v.m k-!.!,! n-a irim i r.'rs dangerous to the future of the
V- . n he was chancellor r fh rt. world's peace as would the conclusion
" embassr in Utia. imtn tt, cf a peace unsatisfactory to the al-
crea. of war. Is himsoir .n I lies and to America in western Ea-
Tisreraer. At that time his one aimi1 or elscner!"
rri object as to brine about an i '
asreeraent between England on the' TT , .
en? side and Germany and Turkey on AlOOVCl OZUC OT
M e ether, favorable to the latter two
r. ries in regard to the Bagdad
1 1--'. way.
j ""In this, he nearly succeeded for he
I lest no opportunity of making pro
j paganda of the most subtle kind
; politicians and journalists. British
! and foreign. Indeed, it was nearlv
impossible to persuade him to speak ' ul d0 thls ouMrys efforts lucalcul
cpon anr other subecU i barm. The number of troops we
Thus, if there be a man in Ger-can sen1 "cross is limited. If we
many who would be willing to mr.ke ' in our reed nd gluttony force the
sacrifices fn the west or even upon ! either to reduce their ration
questions of general importance to or 10 8 10 remote markets for their
1
Controvei'sy Is
Given to Public
(Continued From Page One.)
;ucar we wil have done tremendous
damage to our abilities to win the
war."
Charges that the food administration
aas permitted sugar stocks to remain
in parts of the country unmoved are
denied, as are statements that sugar
was left In Cuba while an effort was
1 Russia, in order to secure the to-
i operation cf. or a free hand from.
that country in the Balkans and in
'Asia Minor it is Von Kuehlmann. the
I German foreign minister.
j Germany Dictates Policy.
1 "The personalities of the Austrian
. and Bulgarian delegates are. in mv
i opinion, of no great importance for! m"d to beat down Cuban prices. As
;the representatives cf the dual mon-j - fixing of sugar prices the. food
iarchy will have to follow the orders ' administrator has this- to say:
of Germany and Bulgaria has no dir-j Strong Action i. Necessary.
ectly outstanding questions with Rus- ",n order to prevent profiteering
, sia. It isi. however, interesting to ; -n to administration considered
Icote that the Bulgarian delegates areiS,rng action was necessary and Ini
j none of them men of outstanding posed a maximum profit on refiners
reputations at home or abroad. lnl wholesalers.
i "This can be no accident. It is "As further precaution against
due either to the fact that Tsar Fer- j profiteering the administration made
dinand considers he has no interests. 'a voluntary agreement with the best
! other than the retention of Macedonia,' sugar factories that they would not
upon which he would accept no de-jsU sugar at more than J7.J5 a hun
Jrision except one forced upon him on lred pounds at sea ports. Some h
the field of battle, or to the fact that j uad already contracted at $9. cancel
I the 'fox of the Balkans wishes later 1 led their contracts,
ion to be able to say that he never! The net result of these voluntas
treated this conference seriously and I agreement was to reduce the price of
: therefore, to be free to accept any sugagr ont and three quarters cents
prices. These agreements have of
necessity be n made with the old
manufacturers, including the sucar
trust.
"Independent refiner are re pre.
sented by majority on a committee
whose duty it is to divide the Import
ed sugar between all equitably. This
committee has no price fixing power: j
It has solely to do with distribution.;
The independent refiners woh have'
een fighting the trust for years could 1
be depended on to watch any uni'airj
action."
The statement recounts the food
administration's efforts to reduce;
consumption to avert shortage, which,
las foreseen in the summer. I
Systematic Campaign. ,
"The food administration has con
ducted a systematic campaign for th
reduction of individual suear con-' .
sumption," says the statement. "Tiie !
reduction has shown in the decrease,
in candy sales t etcetera, but on the
other hand a similar campaign tor tiie :
preservation of fruit has increased,
consumption in that direc'K'n but;
will reduce consumption late on ;
Taking into consideration all factors.!
it is not certain jhat there has been '
any increase in actual consumption. I
and considering the increased cAnnins
ase there may have been a decrease.";
Mr. Hoover, emphatically der.i-.Hli
charges that George .M. Rolph head of I
the food administration's suar divl-j
sion. endeavored to benefit the Call-;
fornia refinery, of which be is head.;
through the arrangement of the Cubai! '
price.
SWISS ELECT IIIM
1918 PRESIDENT
'
la . .
i aLwl
A Distinctive .Bepra2
At hotels, rMtaaranta, drg -.
gracwy atorM, feaataiaa a4
wlxrtTtr bTrag as at kU
: Order it by tae
CENTRAL CONSOTtRS COMP.OiY
KXMVX1T
MYERS. DARLING A HILTON CO,
Wholesale Distributors.
iNeiclands' Death
President Felix Catuadrr.
The former v.ce orosiJrt of th;
republic ar.d heal o! the tcna:ti-ient
of the iT-teru-r Ke!ix t'j 'iiivr r
been eiecvc rrcsroert c: ;if
land ior l.'li
ra, ttero. a ri'ieji of Her
mosillo. murdered a R:ian
of the tcuilt-ritun a;il e-.'rJ a 'i; her
Causes" Dispute t
Over Seniority
Additional Gty Briefs IsmS
WASHINGTON. Iks. 25 Dispute
over the s-nio:it uieu'bersh'p of the
senivte interstate co :iretve ctiii.iuittee
between Senator S.virh of Sa:h Caro
lina and S- n:t r l ::ierene cf Ohirt is
expected It". art: :;ate a sh.irp fi.iht
hcn the lOUinii :iv to name a
chairmvn in j'a.e if t'ie l.tte Stiar.T
Nwlsmii. who died at his ;.ocie here
1 cruiled
to loot.
: new ou
several r..or who were ea.jer !ast ni,
The priiiiC ob---"t f t1'
GOODS ARE DAMAGED
A fire alarm was turned in about
o'clock yesterday morning, caused in a
fire discovered in the warehouse of
Gus Hickey in I'pper Brewery Gulch.
The fire had gained some headway
when it was discovered and aa aiarm
turned in. The department from the ' between
city hall turned out and had me (ire anea.
under control when some one turned
in a second alarm and the apparatus' ONE SUSPECT TAKEN
from the canyon came down, but tiny! SALT LAKE CITY. IVc. ;'. The
were not needed and returned to ii.e'drus net se; not only in l"tah but
The prvs.-nt roncrer-sionai directory.
tlaws was to oap'urv Nogales.'it developed here today, records Sena-
; Sonora. and seeral ias avo they
, encamped within a tew miles ol that
I city. They evidertlv Ion their nerxe
i and transferred their camp tj the vi
: cinity "of Santa Crut. whit n is midway
NogrJes, Sor.ora. and Can-
station. It is the opinion of some who
viewed the scene of the fire that it
was of incendiary origin. An exami
nation of a well and pun.p close by
disclosed the fact that the pump had
been put out f commission so that no
water could be pumped, and tlere was
a strog smell of coal oil where the
fire was discovered. A car load of
flour and considerable merchandise
was in the building at tee trme. The
flour and several large boxes of
matches were ruined bv fire and water.
throughrut the west for the apprehen
sion of Ferdinand Kube and Kurt G
Wilir.s. interned aiien enemies who
escaped from Fort IVuclas early Mon
day, has csulted in thewrrvst cf tne
.suspect at Lehigh, I tah. by Marshal
Edwin Street, an dlhe tightening of
' the police cordon throughout the
state. The prisoner at Lehish will be
; taken before the authorif.es at Fort
rvuglas for identification.
tor nrh as the ranking members of
! the committee who, according to pre-cerl-:i;s.
succeeds to the chairmanship,
' Fxariiinat.Vn of d. rectories for pre
vious years. hower. shows that Sen
s' .v Tcmercne was aninnnted to tiie
' committee in his name first at-
pearing 1n the directory is.-ued In
April of tr.at xewr. while the South
Carolina senator's name did rot ap
pear un'.l Iteh directory issued one
, year later.
It is understcVd Cat Senator Pom-
ere will take the matter up with Ma
jority Leader Martin, aid if necessary
with the senate steering ccunn.ittee in
an effort to tu've the question cf his
seniority established definitely.
The committee chiirmanship is one
i o fthe most important now in the sen
ate. be-use cf the supreme Interest in
f transportation pt'jMems.
PLENTY OF WHISKY
There was every evidence yester
day that some bootleggers had brought
in large supplies "of w hisky in the dis
trict the night before, as there were 1
more drunkea men on the streets of
Bisbee and Lowell yesterday than had
been seen in many a
was remarked by many
more drunken men
than when the saloon
'
XN
-.v
full hla.it Th smell
; policy which may then seem advis-j west of the Mississippi and north of' be found all along the
. arie 10 nim. Jnio ana one cent on me Atlantic, 1 wrmftl to he full of tr v,.-.v
whisky bottles could be found behind
nearly every corner and other places
where it was t'onvenient to drop
them. The same story applies to
Lowell and the Johnson addition,
while word comes from Pongla that
conditions were even worse and that
there were numerous drurken rows
'Coming to Turkey, the personali-1 Had these arrangements not
ties of the delegates is again most
significant for Germany cannot ig
nore the present and future attitudes
of that country and at the same time
realize her Mitel-Europa scheme,
j Xessing Fasha must be either Osman
; Xizami Fasha. formerly Ottoman am-
I bassador in Berlin, and a delesate at
Joe Laraa.
Tie most recer.t star to rise in th
Cgtt game and to jrleam so bright ' the London peace conference after the
I first fialkan war. or Xesim Pasha,
j who is a prominent diplomatist and a
I member of the committee of union pro
cress. In either case he is an in
fluential person.
"It'it the Turkish deleeate of out
standing importance is Hakki Pasha.
He has been grand vizier and ambas
sador iti various countries and is one
as to pet the eye of fans throughout
the middle west is Joe La pan, a wel
terweight, who has been flattening
ail he has met in Milwaukee and
iieurhborrag- sport - centers. Eajran
' licked Eddie Moba decisively and he
looks likely to be matched with
Bryan Downey. Ted Lewis and other
leading welters soon. Eagan is a
furious fighter and always in action.
been
made sugar would have risen to 13
or 30 cents a pound. j
"Numerous prosecutions have been
started against firms which have sold;
sugar at prices of fifteen and twenty
cents.
The Consumers' Bill.
year, in fact it M l
that there were Iriii C? V,
on the streets j f fl I A MH
s were nT.ri.i ' I i I f 1 1 C J!
. ...... ....,. Ii A I'M SfS,
strets and the ' I .-Ifsia ?'
"i ? 1
The consumers" sugar bill from the down there and fights on t.-.o train he-'
time restraints were imposed until 1 tween men coming back to tt;bj
January 1st will be about $ISVtXKt.(HH.j from there. j
Every cent a pGund rise means about j
HS.0Ort.000. Twenty cent sugax
would have meant about IISO.OOO.O)
profiteered from the American con
umer. There was no other wav un-
Jer the law to prevent profiteering! of a bandit leader named Oteto, l.o. I
mtn. as the with a handful of men is operatm.:i ,
a
in! 3S Kr:
Ul!
u 1
)3u Caa Get 5.GCJ to IOaVJJ Mare kuitt
out of thom by usins; Gates Halfcle Tires.
V :d put there on tor you and Chang your oU brcs
into rew ones at aout one-half the ptice youwouU
he to ray lor new tires. - ,
Your tire comes into our plant, wora and scarred
from service, and we dcliwr it tevk to you the urn
tire made overside anJ writh a t-.-and-r.ew non-$k:d
treaj ot tesh ruhocr. Not a .square Inch of your oU
tire will be in wc,ht. ano! you will not be sb!e KWell it.
fiom a rxv tire. S
GATESTIRES
)at-t luruK-fil Nr ) 504 rWs 4 w.-ir wttfcevt w
tvitt (si irs tw.t or tftre t'-tw-i ko Kl lVlc
LET I'C SHOW YOU
(Vl throw Jv- jiH-Vr..wn rirv wnfii wi tatrNN
th oWiHul Sol ttuwjif (vmii;tSt'.v V' ni ij ( tp.
t.-T-t.si J W Ai W i.V. Nm to ItAp HI WW 0
rvVc b-t tA- t o.t tf r.-w i: 1 JtfJ N-..W IWKC
j BANDITS ARE ACTIVE
Parties timing up ftvm Cananea
I state that there Is a slig'u feohng oi
I unrest in that camp over the auiens
LOWELL MOTOR CO.
44
P
except by voluntary agreemtii
fxvl bill carrie.1 no power to fix be'ween Cananea and N'ovVs. Si
..io-J
Dye
Works
We Clean
and Press
SUITS
50
Shoe Repair
ing at Regu
lar
'rices!
Brewery
Ou oh
NEXT DOOR TO
RACKET STORE
PHONE 3M FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 26, 1917.
Eljr Stsbrr Sail, 2Kromu
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company.
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
' The Associated Press Is exclusively entitled to uu
use lor republication of all news dispatches credited u
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and also thi
local news nnblished herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches hereh
are also reserved.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
BRANCH CONNECTING ALL DEPARTMENTS.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arlaena
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH i -7
THREE MONTHS 8-Jf
SIX MONTHS . 1'
TWELVE MONTHS
srXDAT J Our Weekhr er Tear 2.5v
UT7VDAY (Our Weekly) oar Quarter ; .75
No Subscriptioii Taken For Less Than 75 Cent.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Biabee
Daily Review before S a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department , No. 39. The Review will .eon
aider it a favor If the irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger Service
applies to Bisbee only.
Wednesday Morning, December 26, 1917.
SIMIAN SOLDIERS
If we are fl credit the testimony on the subject of
fered by naturalists, man is not the only animal who
carries cn his warfare by means of organized bands,
and calls in the forces of nature to assist him. There
hare been witnessed in Africa fights that were con
darted in as orderly a manner as if the warriors had
been really men, instead of only somewhat like them
in form. i. e baboons.
One naturalist was toaed eat of a pass In a very
few minutes by these creatures, who spraag upon ledges
and stones, looked down for a few moments on the Ta!
ley. growling, snarling and screaming, and then began
to roll down stones with so much rigor and adroitness
that the intruders took to flight- The baboons evidently
knew the value of co-operation for the naturalist saw
two of them combine their efforts in order to set e
particularly heavy stone rolling. One monkey, bent oil
making the most of his missile, was seen to carry a
stoae up a tree, that he might hurl it with greater
force.
Once, while some its boons were crossing a valley,
they were attacked by dogs. and. as is usual during a
march, the females and yoeng were in the center, the
males heading the column and. bringing up in the rear.
As the dogs rushed upon tbeni the males turned and
faced their enemies, growling, beating the ground with
their hands, and opening their .mouths wide, so as tc
show their glittering teeth They looked so fierce and
malignant that the dogs Arab greyhounds, accustomed
to fight successfully with hyenas and other beasts of
prey shrank back. By the time they had been en
couraged to renew the attack, the whole herd had made
their way, covered by tne rear guard, to the rocks, one
six-months-old monkey alone excepted.
This little monkey sat on a rock, surrounded by the
dogs; but be was not long left in his perilous position.
An old baboon stepped from a cliff nearby, advanced
towards the dogs, keeping them in check by threatening
gestures and sounds, picked up the baby monkey, and
carried it to a place of -safety on the cliff, while the
whole crowd of baboons watched the act of heroism
and shouted their battle cry.
AN ISLAND UTOPIA
. Not in the South Seas, where lie the Utopias of our
boyhood, but up near the Arctic Circle.
Following extract from a short article on Iceland,
by Reynolds Clarke, should especially interest prohibi
tion readers:
"Not a drop of intoxicating liquor is made through
out the entire island. Not a drop of ardent spirits is
found in Iceland. Not a drop of anything there on which
to get drunk. The Icelanders positively will not permit
the importation of any of the products of alcohol.
"The Icelanders came, originally, from Denmark and
Norway. Its history and literature go tack nearly
1300 years. Its history is marvelous It accurate, and
it literature very brilliant and inspiring. No oilier
nation excels it in education and enlightenment. Good
books are found in every home. .The system of public
schools la practically perfect. Every child 10 years old
can read and write. There are no millionaires, no pau
pers, no "trusts. no 'grift. no saloons, no houses of ill
fame. Crime is almost unknown. They have no need
for jails, prisons, penitentiaries, courts, officers, or sol
diers. Everything is happy and contented. Why should
they not be? In all Iceland not one person is cold or
hungry, or without a home."
It should be remembered, however, that what is prac
ticable in an island as large as Oklahoma, peopled by
lees than 80.000 of one homogeneous race, is impossible
in a vast country of over 100.000.000 people, consisting
largely of human flotsam and jetsam from all parts ot
the earth. Still we should aim at this happy condition.
County Briefs
Miss Carrie Chandler has accepted
a position as assistant in the l5owie
pcstoifice.
Brief State Notes 'ftSr:.?,
the dTxr with a have been added during the past
Leroy Ladd is back
or's office also.
no oneat home at three years. Many friends are also
the time. This is the third visit ' realizing that the museum is a safe
that the mayor has recened from ; repository for all precious relics that
la tl.e govern- thieves in four months. ' they may have accumulated and are
; lotning or giving the in to the
' Miss Estelle Lutrelel of the faculty ni.seum. Here these record of
have put the , . ... K forcotten people tell their story to
Th a Tiirmn h rKo r
P. G. leikett. assistant to the piest-i nrice for cuttina hair at So rents. .... . many students and interest hundreds
dent of the Phelps Dodge corporation, whereas the price of remmir.g a Uea3- Bnd. T TI-JlnT Rtordaa. federal of pjpje t0 ,w sojourning for a
arrived in Douglas Monday on busi-1 covering before was 35 cents. ,ood administrator for Arizona, as li- time in Tuscon.
., ... organization. As such she will direct . , ...
Tne Globe city council ,s pr. par.i ; ,he work the lmeresl of tooi wn. ror first time h taj history. SC
plans and estimates rr a sewer sys- j.-.,, to WBirh t,e various li- 1 u' ri,roi o"gl Friday to
tem in that city, and a bonj election J,rar1 & tue Mtt pledged their 8,,s,Pnd operation of a number of easl-
wiil be held after the New York. ! CIMperatAn. bound freight trains because of ful
! shortage.
The Tucson Star is being moved lOj m, ... !
modern quarters on Coneress street.'
the Villaesceni. building having been f f ." plMy grow.ng into an
ness. Mr. Backett fonuer.y was gen
eral manager of the Old Dominion
.i-i:o ai Glebe, and he registered
at the Gadsden from that city.
Fraser and Fairfield of Gleasoii
were in Bowie last week attrarteu
here by the reports of oil pros pectin
n tuis vu inity. They were shown the
oil field by J. H. aque and were en
thusiastic over the surface indication
and prospects and expect to start
drilling operations in the near future
"!t a deep well rig.
John F. Carmichael and family left
Douglas for Clifton, where Mr. Car
uiicharl has taken the chief clerkship
of the reduction division office of th'
Arizona Copper company. He has
been :n the oliice of the Copper
Queen smelter here for the last rhree
aionths.
WAR ESTIMATES OUT OF JOINT
The estimates of total ordinary and war expendi
ture for the fiscal year ending June -0. 1919. as
submitted to congress, call for appropriations aggre
gating S1S.000.000.000. They are substantially the same
for the fiscal year ending next June 50. and they include
la both eases loans to allies averaging xoo.ooo.ooo a
mouth. But actual expenditures for the first six months
of this fiscal year for al! purposes will average hasdly
ILSOO.OOO.OOO a month, or S14.4O0.OO0.0oO for the year.
Something is wrong as between these figures for
the two years. If $1S.OOO.OOO,000 next fiscal year is the
expenditure product of the war machine running at
maximum, then the same figure is much too large for
this fiscal year. But if it is right for this fiscal year,
then it is not near large enough for the next year. For,
to reach that total this year, expenditure must speed
up in the coining six months to ll.SOO.000,000 a month
instead cf the present 10.000.009 a month: but this
would argue the need of $.1,600,000,000 next fiscal year
instead of $18,000,000,000.
Both of these yearly estimates, therefore, cannot
be true. Which one is true? If that for 1319 is true,
then S3.COO.000.000 less remains to be raised from Liberty
loans in the next six months than has been calculated.
What does congress propose to do about this extra
ordinary, discrepancy between actual and estimated war
expenditure? Can' it marvel at the depression in the
war-boBd market when further immediate issues of Lib
erty bonds so much in excess of apparent needs are
held over that market? What about that single budget
committee urged by the administration? Is that obvious
requirement of the situation to be ignored?
A n'juibsr e Cleason taming ire-
were -urs-t.d to the Eoarie oil lield
nd spe:it two days going over tt
I respective v field north of Bowie
and were so elated they hate filed
oil claims rnd expect to bring in a
bit; riaixt:r ol rig soon. and pu: in
a well
THE ECONOMIC PINCH
Germany is beginning to feel the economic pinch.
The German press is devoting and increasing space to dis
cussion cf commercial zed economic conditions "arte:
the war.' - The German papers take it for granted that
peace will be declared on a basis that will leave each
country in much the same position and with the same
boundaries as before ts war. But between the lines
of the discussion of economic conditions after the war
one can read something of the travail through which
the Central powers are passing at the present time.
la a recent iesue of the Deutsche Poiitik. a German
paper, the following appears: "The longer the war
lasts the greater becomes the economic scope of the
tremendous conflict. It is a, struggle with the masters
of e-onomic warfare wit- a nation that is almost un
matched in the history of the world for economic fore
sight and which for years unofficially, and for a few
months officially, worked hand in hand with its Anglo
Saxon brethren beyond the Atlantic to the same end.
the economic overthrow of Germany." Arter prophesy
ing that England will try to organize the Allied coun-
tries against the central powers commercially after the
waY. it continues: "The maxim of our economic op
ponents is to manufacture their own raw .material,
while we have hitherto worked up ran materials ob
tained from them." It is then suggested that Germany
must be prepared to get raw materials from countries
other than her present enemies if the is to re-establish
lir foreign trade aijer the wr.
Curiously enough, the British parliament has create!
a new federal department, to be known as the Iiepart
njent of Reconstruction, to deal with industrial and
commercial questions at the close of the war. Creating
such a department right in the midst of the great war
has occasioned Mm unfriendly iritH win. but it is an
eid-n- of the dctexra ins lion of the British commercial
io'errt-ts not to bfi cauebt rapping if pcaic tbould 1k
de Urcd ou thort noLke.
O. PRUSSIAN DONKEY!
Do we not recall the monotonous assurances of Prus
sian professors that this war would be the signal for
every colony to throw off the British yoke! Alas, poor
Prussia! When God distributed iiis giUs to the races
of mankind he gave quick wits to the Yankee, laughter
to the nesro and infinite patience to the Chinaman. But
to thee as to the donkry He gave an impenetrable hide
and total absence of humor.
So go on with the war it has made the Peer and
Briton march together l'ke brothers against the man
who wrote the Kfuger dispatch; t has made Canad.i
and Australia glad to pour out their blood in the trenches
"Of France, but above all. O. Prussian donkey. I bles
thy pachydermatous propaganda, for thou hast at least
opened the eyes of this good-natured nation to the sn?.ke
like quality of thy professions ana the deadening effect
of thy kultur.
The war is costly; the war is deadly, and the end is
not in sight, but however costly in death or dollars it
ran never be a price too high to pay if it restores to us
our dignity as a nation and our manhood as Americans.
Poultney Bigelow, in World"? Work. "
Judce A. C. Lock ood arrived In
Douclas Monday from Tombstone to
spend Christmas with his brother-in-law.
O. H. Lincoln. Mrs. Lockwood
and children are at Long Beach, hav
ing been in that place since last Aug
ust. Tomorrow morning the judge
will preside at juvenile court in the
Douglas city halL - The boys who have
come within the clutches of the lav.
will either be sent to the reform
c ocl or be punished in court. Persj
Bowden. deputy sheriff, has a ne
paddle, strong and singing, all read)
to make the youngsters regret any
errors they have committed.
During first nine days of the cam-
iT-rcZmod h ctta hundreds Paign, thrift and war savings atamp-
L" ,,,, ccommod.tUn of the: Tfl exle. to a total of 1431535 were sold to the
ditions into the field of prehistoric people or New ork city.
! Arizona, excellent collections lllus-1
tratlng the life of the cliff dwellers. REVIEW WANT AOS FOet RESULTS
newspaper.
A membership campaign for the Y.
M. C. A. at Miami brougat in a new i
enrollment of 72. This was the result j
or a committee of ru aesikutteu at
-Go-Getters"
Ti-e Red Cross membership drive ut
Tuscon last week resultei in KM new
members. Also COST Junior Red Cros
members were secured in the put. lie
schools of the old pueblo.
Great improvement in the quality
of milk sold in Tucson dairies is
shown in the last report o! milk
samples collected by the city health
officer. The asmples were analyizel
by Miss Jane Rider director o; the
state laboratory.
The growing of bitmm corn in the
Yuma valley has reached th propor
tion of a minor industry. out five
hundred acres having been ha'voated
this year. A factory has been e-ib.
lishedat Yuma with the present output
of 30 dozen broom per week. ' This
output is soon to be greatly enlarged
bj the addition of more modern ma
chinery.
Tee assurance that Douglas is to b
the training place or a large numbet I
oi iroops nas oeen Ruen in irrwus
ways during the last week. It is known
that a bid for 2.o00.XX feet of lumbei
was asked of e local firm, and it alsc
is a matter of information that fund:
have been set aside for building a
cantonment that will accomodate a.
least 20,000 men. This is no; hearsay
but fact On the heels of this ther
came yesterday to S. F. Fraser. cener
al secretary of the Douglas Y. M. C.
A- a teleeram from W. H. Day. in
ferstate secretary of the Y. M. C. A
with headquarters at El Paso, to the
effect that an army "Y" buildint
would be constructed at once.
An effort is being made to interest
Tucson in the location of a snclTer
in the city. Parties having an iptivn
oa a smelter plant at Socorro. New
Mexico, are behind the effort. The
Tucson chamber of commerce has ap-,
pointed Capt. William Mclermott,l
Prof. C. F. Willis and W. J. Wakefield
to f.- into the proposition.
Send Santa Claus to the Front
You and your neighbors together may win a battle
for America you can SURELY help save the lives of
some of our boys.
Great guns and many of them will do it. Squadrons
of Tanks, moving steel forts, will do it. Help your
country to buy them.
Instead of giving gold pieces for Christmas, give
this year United States War-Savings Certificates. They
are little $5 Government Bonds bearing A per cent
COMPOUND interest. They cost $4. 1 2 during Decem
ber. They are better than gold, and when you buy them
you aid your country. Won't you give them instead of
gold pieces this Christmas?
T--fi'-'',
BUT--i wanrr..
Francisco S." Elias and associates
have made arrargements to pass inti
Mexico from this port 1000 head ot
cattle, and some o' them already have
been sent across the line. These cat
tie have been brought here from Nev
Mexico from the ranch of Elias and
partners, and will be placed on s
ranch owned by them just south ot
Agua Prieta. where they will be fat
tened for market. There is a plenti
ful supply of water and grass on the
ranch.
in the section of New Mexico from
which the cattle came, there is prac
tically no feedina grass and no water!
Harold Bell Wright arrived in Tuc
son for a six months' stay and . is
seeking a residence. Mr. Wright came
overland by automobile. He is in
good spirits and glad t get bark to
Tuc-n. according to old friends whom
he- has met. The author is accom
panied by a friend from RedLinds.
Cal. He is writing a new novel which
he will finish while in Tucson.
Charles Daniel entered a pita of not
guilty when arraigned before Jid?e
Stanford In division on t)f the superior
court on a charge of assault with in
tent to commit murder, the ronplain
ing witness being J. E. Chapman. In
the preliminary hearing, Daniel stated
that he shot Chapman because the lat
ter was engaging the attentions of his.
Daniel's wife. The shooting took pla -e
in the Jefferson hotel several montns
as.'J. The trial was fixed for Febru
ary 18. 1918. Judce Stanford reduced
the bond from :.00n to $.500.
The I'nited States land office is in
receipt of a telegram from the coi'i
misMoner of the general land office.
Washincton. D. C ordering publica
tion of land in Sit reaves national for
est, near Pinedale.
r
UMiSli'
OF FIRE BURNING
OR BURGLARS
Stealing your private papers and valuables when you
shut the home for the summer.
There's Absolute Safety for both when protected
by our modern vaults
Private safes rent for $500 and up yearly.
Think this over then see.
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street.
Will E. McKee, President
Biabee. Arizona.
C A. McDonald, Caahier.
H. D. Anderson, district r'n'
ager of the Mountain States Telo-
io speak of. and the drought is so se I ph'jne company, was here this wceV
vere that cattlemen who do not ship He says his company will be ready for
their stock away s'and to sustain
bis loss, estimated at 0 per cent.
The cattle sent across the line here
are under a bond of 20 per cent of
their value to be returned to thU
coun.ry within six months.
Capt. John Keith Boles has arrived
in Douglas from the Presidio of Sar
Francisco to join the Eleventh field
artillery, to which regiment he re
' , . , -: 1 r.nt.i.
cemiy nas own tsMjiucii.
Boles was in Douslas early iu Ulf
with the First cavalry as a lieutenant,
and was sent from Douctas to the
Philippines. He returned from the
islands about six months aso. and
has been in San Francisco since that
time.
bushiness in Ajo by January 1st.
Poles are laid and holes dus. as tar
as Gibson.
Mayor Parker's home. Til Park ave
nue, was robbed of abount f 40 worth
of jewelry yesterday afternoon by a
burglar, who cut the scroon and
Bisbee Decorating Co.
General Painting. Paper Hanging, Tinting and
Signs. Perfect Results. Moderate Prices.
HUGHES BLOCK, OPPOSITE Y.W.CA.
P. O. Box 1531 Phone 739
it is a good thing to ash all of I lie dirtv llun iu
connection ith preparing for the war before the bis
drive begins in France.
Alice Nielsen, the well-known singer,
the wife of a New Yort physician. Well,
enough to know her own mind.
has liecome
Alice is old
There is this to be said for the dog?: T.'iey do not
sit up half the night designing muzzles for mad nica.
It seems to be understood that
which we are fighting ar- victory.
the ar aims for
In"t rush your fcaroff resolution,
it will be much easier.
After April 1
1
TEXAXIS FIRST
AIDE TO Mr WOO
Francis J. Ilency
kitchen door open?
in aaiu. Who k-fl the bat k
Any peace between
man peace.
Russia and Gcrniauy is a Gcr-
GAS
For Heating
r.
i vj, . -:
V..
:---'r.' a
Aay with German idea.!
, Thomas 3 Lee.
Thomas B. Love, formerlv atate
commissioner of msarar.ee and bank
leg :n Texas, has been appointed as
:tat eretary of th treaauiy.
The portable gas heater will take the chill off quickly and make the
dining room comfortable at meal tince, and it will be found conveni
ent, too, for healing the bed room and bath room. Any home with
out a central heating plant has use for a gs.s heater. We carry sev
eral different typeji prkes $1.75 to $9.00... See them as well as
other gas appliances at our store.
Bisbee Improvement Co.
1
I
' infvH--F ' FIVE
V,-
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 26, 1917.
t
V
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under this head at the rate rf 1 cent per ord for each ;
tame, with a t ntnmn charge of 25 cents. Advertisements naus: reach Ta j
Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion in the next morning paper
Male Help Wanted
LEARN actual auic repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer-;
lug. Y. M- C. A, Lo Acgelea. Cat
alog free.
WANTED Experienced bookkeeper
and cashier; iermanent position for
right party. Address B. W Review.
893
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Girl for house work; must!
knew how to cook. Phone 543, Mrs.:
Houle Denn Mine. " 922
WANTED Girt for
work and co'oV iag.
Phone 514.
general house-!
A. V. Engelder.
720
WANTED Girl
work. Mrs. J.
Ariz, Phone 49:
for general house-j
S. Dymock, Warren.
!. 938
Wanted
WANTED Telegrapuera. stenograph-;
era. bookkeepers; student earn';
board, room tuition, llackay Busi-'
nesa College. Los Angeles. 7S9
Position Wanted
I-
WANTED Position as - stenographer ,
ot young man; experienced. B. M-1
Review.
tf
i
WANTED Position A, No. 1 cookj
and housekeeper. Can furnish ref-j
erence right party for right place, j
Can take position at once, Wirej
or write. J. C. Best. 40 E. 52nd j
St, Los Angeles, CaL 5'
For Sale
I
FOR SALE At sacrifice, account sick-!
ness. the Home Industry Furniture
Company rooming house. Inquire ;
Ifjuim industry Furniture Store, J
Lowell. . "83!
FOR SALE Good paying, small busi-i
ness. Suitable for tw ladies. or
man and wife. Address business. ;
Box 132, Bisbee. 57S j
FOR SALE I -room house. ne of the '
best houses in South Bisbee; all:
modern conveniences: house in good i
condition: yard fenced; lawn; a bar-i
gain. Apply to M. C. High. 886 :
FOR SALE Twelve s-ool lunch coun ter.
A money maker. Owner must;
seek lower altitude. Inquire at;
striped tent. LowelL " 701-
FOR SAIX 150 acres patented land;
in Sulphur Springs Valley, 10 miles
North of Dtuelas. Good well, or y :
improvement land covered with wild
hay, U taien at once S6"0 will
handle, 1-2 down, balance 4 months. ;
Box 111 Gleeson. 929 j
FOR SALE Whi:e sewing machine: j
cost $85. Will sell for $25. In per-1
feet condition. Phone 567, Monday.
747
FOR SALE I room modern house.
Moon Oanyon, a bargain. Apply to M.
C. High. " 8S6
FOR SALE The only motorcycle
shop in the district. Inquire Lowell
RepairShop. Johnson Add. 943 j
FOR SALE Storey & Clark piano.
$6)0.W); will sell cheap or trade forj
god Automobile, J. B. Haggard, Gen. I
DeL 958 i
FOR SALE: Horse, harness and!
wgjx Inquire Bisbee Lumber Co.
954 j
FOR SALE Chevrolet 490. first class'
mechanical condition, cheap, mustj
sell quick. Lowell Motor com-j
pany. 4 1
FOR SALE Piano: in good condi-j
tion; bargain. Phone Black 709. !
1
SECOND hand furniture for three1
rooms. Nothing expensive anted.:
Address Box No. 2039. Bisbee. 17
1 1 11 . 1 ,
Money To Loan.
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al-j
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Roou ;
2. Lyric Tteatr building. 166 ;
FOR RENT Five room furnished,
bouse: upper Tombstone Canyon. 1
Phone Black 83 L 993
PROFESSIONAL CASDS !
PAT C LEAHY, painter. Member
Builders' Exchange. Box K95. 347
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
PETEY DINK Looks Like
I . a . - a A.-y'-- . r- z-- 1 1 'ZTLL- f .1 . y;- . .r -. -Ai
i - "
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Light housckeop'ca
rooms; liehts, water and gas. K3
Opera Drive. 94
M'.-tj. HCTKL Kurniati-j rooms
;' rxr -eV and up 405 i
FOR KENT Nicely furnished house.
with parage, in Warren. Lawn and
trees, etc. Inquire M. Moore, Phone
437. 800
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished for
houskeepiyg. Johnscn Addition. '.
Mr.ntai: street No. 35. 965
FOR RENT Nicely Furnished room .
with heat and private entrance. Qual- '
ty Hill. Box 1432. Bisbee. (99S)
FOR RENT 2 room apartment with!
sleeping porch and bath; gas ran.se
and water hea'er; everything new;
no children: garage also, if requir
ed.Phone Black 6S1. 97$.
FOR RENT Housekcepirg roo is.
three minutes from postoffice. also
large, sunny sleeping room, plaster-,
ed. SI School Hill. 13
Lost
LOST Monday night, a gentleman's
diamond ring, between Johnson Ad
dition and Bakerville, probably ia a
jitney. Finder notify Review or;
phone 13; suitable reward. 613
LOST Arch square rug between de-i
pot and Wood Canyon. Return to
C. J. Wolf. Wood Canyon, or ad-'
dress Bisbee. 9S6
LOST Pair of glasses in case in War
ren. Finder please leave them at
Review office, (1000)
REWRORD Officer for information
of Collie pup. dead or live, strayed
away while sick. Phone 3S3. 15
LOST Automobile crank between
Lowell and Warren, suitable re-.
ward. Return to Review. 3
LOST Key rit.g with 3 keys, return :
to Review or Y. W. C. A. 2
Mice!lsreou
TOR EXPERT piano tuning, work
guaranteed. Maymcnd Martini, Rer!
530. 937
BLACKSMITH. Horsesnoeing. Re
paring of til kinds, also place for
automobile to park: springs welded
a specialtv. Mason Blacksmith, Low
elL J. L. Strajick. 629
"I SHOULD WORRY
HOW ABOUT CORNS"
They Peel Off With "Gels-It
Two corns are no worse than one,
and one is nothing at an when you
use "Gets-It", the one real corn
shrinkcr. corn loVer.er, peel-it-right-ofl
corn-remover. That's because two
Oa Cmrm PIm Eml
use rc i
drops of "Gets-U' eases vonr corn
pains at once, and yon know that tha:
old crop lias been "nipped in the bud."
"Gets-It" makes cutting and dig;in at
a corn and fussing with bandages,
salves or anything else entirely un
necessary. Remember "Gets-It" is
safe.
YoaH not hae to take eff :.iur shoe
or pumps under the table at the cafe
to ease your squirming souL- See that
you get "Gets L". Don't be insulted by
rmitations. 25c is all you need pay at
any drug siore for -Gcts-It." or it will
be sent direct by E. Lawrence & Co..
Chicago. I1L
Sold in Bisbee and recommended as
the world's best crn remedy by the
Phelps Dod-e Mercantile Co. Adv.
He'd Better Hire It Done
11 V 'XL
- - - 1
FASIIIOX LIXKED TO COMFORT
A aV- " MK'
v v .,rA
Maroon ci:inchi!!a sounds warm enough. The man's markina is jvJ
.hat, with an Indian iwrder. The costume the fair coasting Ctrl tresrs con'
t ists of rose color s-arf and cap with
iieavy lace boots Ixjlh wear are prime
HE'LL RUX U. S.
MOXEV FACTORY
il
James L. Wilmeth.
Uncle Sam's money factory is to
'be directed now by James L. W;i
iineth, new director of the bureau ol
.i-npraving and printer.?. He s from
. Tennessee and started in the govern
ment service twenty years nro ss
sortir.R money orders for icO a
m-ath.
Legal Notices.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior.
l S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix
Arizona. Dec. 15. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given ttat Joseph
Stonis. of Hereford. ho. on Oct. 16.
l?13. made Homestead Entry No.
(-'2537 Tor W 1-2 SW 14. and S 12 N W.
14. Sec. T. 2". S., R. 2 E.. and on
C"t. 23. 1915. made additional home
stead entry. No. 02vhc6, fDr N. 12. and
W. 1-2 NE 1-4. Section 33. Township
Z" S Ranse 21 E.. G. & S. R. B. and
Meridian. Pas filed notice of intention
to make three-year Proof, to e-tabUsh
ciaim to the lind ab'jve described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor. I. S. Commis-
sinner, at Bisbee. Arizona, on the 22nd
day of January. 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Joseph ZaleskL Dayton L. Graham.
Jr.. both of Hereford. Arizona; Lewis
T. Wolfe. Ben Morgan, both of Garces.
Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN. Recister.
Adv. 9.:5
First Publication. Pec. 2t'. 1917.
Last Iub!;caton. January 22. 191S.
lsjrJ N.""
heavy sweater of same shadt.
necessities.
Thi
.i
For Kent
FOil RENT 5 room house partly
fui'.iished. no children. Gas bath
and heater. Combination kitcheu.
Cold storage, 169 Art Hill. TOa:b
stone Canyon. IS
ORDINANCE NO. 21.
IT ORDAINED by the Mayor
and Comn.cn Council of the City ot !
. SECTION l: That hereafter it shall
le unlawful for any person or persons I
within the City of Bisbee. to maintain. J
rci.t. ue. occupv, or permit to be 1
maintained, nsed or occupied, any j
ajmrtmcnt. rr.Vm or retreat, of any !
Kind, for lewd, dissolute, lascivious or i or r. S. Connuissioner, at Bisbee.
i.niicr.il rurposes. . r;C!ia on t;;e 26th day cf De-erebor
CTIOX II: Any ic:mu or Pcjij
of Section I of tl.is ordinance shall j
be uecnteu guilty of" a n.is-demeanor,
and u;'-n conviction- thereof shall be
fined in ar.y sura not iess than $10.00
aud not more tl.an $ 10jH. or by im
prisonment in the City Jail for a term
tot exceeding three months; or by
such fine and imprisonment.
SECTION III: All ordinances and
perls or oiamamtio in conflict here
with are hereby repealed.
This ordinance t-hali take effect and
be in force fiom and after its passage
by the Common Council and approval
Ly the Mayor, and due publication as
ty law required.
Passed, approved and adopted by the
Mayor and Common Council of the
City of Bisbee. on ibi the lSlh cay
ol December, 1917.
ATTEST: JACOB ERICKSOX.
M. L. Bl'TLER, . Mayor.
City Clerk. Adv. 940
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior.
l S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix.
Arizona. Dec. 15. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby ghen that
Charles R. Hannod, of Bisbee. Arizona
' '
who, on Vav 18. 19. made Home-
slead Entry No. 2S4lt. ftr NE 1-4. j
Section 27. Township 22 S. Ranee 23
E.. G. & S. R. Meridian, has filed not
ice of. intention to make five-year
Proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D.
Taylor. V. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee.
Arizona,
on the 2?rd day of January.
1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
John A. Wallace. Peter B. Crane.
Reuben letter. Mack Cleveland, all of
Bisb", Arizona.
J. L. IRYIX. Recister.
Adv. 937
First Publication. Dec. 20. 1917.
La-t luMicatioa. January 23. 1918.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
C. S. LA'J OFFICE at Phoenix.
Ar.zona. Dec. 13. 1917.
NOTICE Is herebv civen that Julius
' E. Haase. Vt Hereford. Arizona, who.
icn March 4. 1914. made Homestead
Entry No. 024529 for SE 1-4 See. 19. T.
I 23 S R. 2 E. and on March 1. 1915.
: made Additional Homestead Entry.
No. 02St4. for Lot 3 and E 1-2 and E j
1 1-2 S'.V 1-4. Section 19. Township 2? j
' S.. Range E, G. S. R. B. and M :i i-,
O'nii. has filed notice of intention ic
'make thrte-year Proof, to establish
!..lkin, (n fSa lanrt lw flrrihk.1 tiff. !
; fore Jared I. Taylor. U. S. Commis-
; signer, at Bisbee. Arizona, on the 23rd j
i day of January. 191$. ,
1 Claimant names as witnesses: (
Herman Haase. Samuel C, G;les.j
Leslie Wilcox. Frank C. Cobbe. all ot;
Hereford. Arizona. j
J. L. IRV1N, Register. ;
Adv. 935;
First Publication. Dec. 20. 1917. ;
Last Publication, January 23. 1918 ;
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
i - Department of the ,
I V. S. LAND OFFICE
Interior.
at Phoenix.
Arizona. Dec. 15. 1917. :
I NOTICE is hereby given that. as
j directed by the Commissioner of the '
(General Land offl-e. under provisions;
of Sec, 2455. R. S, pursuant to the ap-1
plication of Ella C. Findlay, Serial No. ,
029777, we will offer at" public sale.:
to the hi?hest bidder, but at not l$ss :
, than $2.50 per acre, at 10:00 o'clock
I a. on me :rn aay oi January.
: 191S. next, at this office, the following
'tract of land: NE H SE Sec. 17. T.j
i 23 StJ.. R. 21 E, G.. and S. R. M. i
This tract is ordered into the market ;
'on a showing that the greater portion!
I is mountainous or too rough for cultlv- j
! ation. i
i The sale will not be kept open, bnt ;
will be declared closed when . those '
! present at the hour named have ceas
! ed bidding. The person mating tne
I highest bid will De required tt hw
! mediately pay to the Receiver the
amount thereof.
J Any persons cUuniing adversely the-
above-described land are advised to i
i me ineir cuiiuia. ui oujc uuuo, vu w
before the time designated for sale.
. JOHN U 1RVIX. Register.
JOHN J. BIRDNO. Receiver.
Adv. 93C
First Publication. Pec. 20. 1917. .
Last Publication. January 29. 191S.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department ot the Interior. II. S. Land
office at Phoenix. Arizona. Xtovem
ber 17. 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Georgt !
W. Keaher of Bisbee. Arizona, who. on
b?meSt
030S- for riWB8h J
23E. G. & S. R. B. merid'an. has filed
noxice oi iaieuuon u mase mrwjru
prtoof. to establish claim to the laud j
abeve described, before Jared D. Tay
Claimant names as witnesses:
Edward E Thomas of Bisbee. Arix.
Charles X. Thomas, of Bisbee. Arii
August F. Bornego. ot Lowell. Aria.
Keller Hogan. Bisbee. Aria.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register
First Publication. Ntv. 23. 1917.
Last Publication. Dec. 26. 1817.
Adv-S6
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
S. PATENT.
FOR U.
Mineral Survey No. S374.
Serial No. 036635.
I
'Jnited States Land Office, phoenix
October 3. 1917.
Notice is hereby given that R. A
Bretherton and C. M. Henkel, co-own
era. whose pos! office address Is Bisbee
Arizona, have made application foi
patent for the following named lode
mining claims, situated in the Warren
Mining District. Cochise county, Ariio
na. in Sections 13 and 14. Tcwnship 23
S. Kanse 24-E. unapproved, G. & S. R
B. & M-. described as follow, to-wit:
ROCKLAND" Beginning at ctornei
No. 1,
the S. E. corner, whence th
Wl 4 cor. sec. 18 T. 23 S. R. 25-E. G. I
S. R. B. & M. bears S.7S 58' E. 5233.
feet: thence X. 83 34 W, 115S.70 feet
to qprner No. 2; thence X. 78 20' W
347.50 feet to corner No. S; thence X
; s' leel 10 corner .no. :
tnence s. S3 54' E. lu.00 reet to cor
ner No. 5: thence S. 1 o4 E. 606 feet
:o corner No. 1. the plce of beginning,
containing a net area of 1S.65S acres,
expressly excluding area In conflict
with Survey No. 3158. Rolla lode 01
1.S55 acres.
"BLACK BEX." Beginning at cor
ner No. 1. the S. E. corner, whence th
Wl-4 cor. of Sec. IS. T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G
Lodge
B1S3EE LODGE. MO. 71ft.
ieu every fTiOa, iu::, atoose Hall
. liutg orotoere cordi'Uj invited.
R. TOMKLN. DicUlor.
EAT &OSS, Secmiarj-
JUNIOR OROtft UNITED AMERi
CAN MECHANICS.
Meeta in aleUlgovicii
Hall, second and fourth
Tneadaya each montli
Visiting ikrothr vei
F. D. LANE. Councillor.
1 L. BENTON. Recording Secretary
lOVAL ORANGE INSTITUTION '
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
OREAONOUGHT.
L- O. L. Na 210.
MeeU In L a
a r. Hall tint
and talra
VONDAT
at T:S1r p. bv
VUitiag broth
ra cordially
Invited to u
tend. '
KO SLEEMAN. W. M.
ROBERT FEKGCS, SereUrv
P. a Box 4zC Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERION 1
YEOMAN -Richard
I. Homestead 895, meets
second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows' halt 'Visiting Archer are
cordially invited.
MRS. C C FINLAYSOX. Ftoremaa
P. O. Box 1521
. E. D. STINSON. Correspondent
. Box 149.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rath bone Lodge Xo. 19.
Knlghta of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) ia Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited. ' !
' - j
fRANKBRCNlNQ.CC
J. C. KRIGBAUM. K. of R. S.
A S. R. R A. M. bears S. SO 03' E.
1737.2 fwt: thence X. 78 50' w. 1150.-;
50 left to corner No. 1; thence N. 65 ,
:2' w. 377.80 teet m corner No. 3; ,
hucr X. X' 04' W. 530.44 feet to cor-'
aer Na 4; thence S. 7S 20 E. 15P0
.eet to corner No. 5: thence S. X 04
i 617.60 fee: to corner No. 1. the plsct
f beginning, containing a net area ot
."0.112 acres, expressly excluding area
a conflict with Sunshine lod ot this'
urvey of 0.208 acres.
"SUNSHINE". Beginning at corner
Vo. 1. the S. E. corner, whence the W
1-4 cor of Sec. 18. T. 23- i.. R. 53-E, G.
t S. R. B. 4 M. bears S. 78' 51 E. .
156 feet; thence S. 82 04' W. 969.30
eet to corner No. 2;, thence X. 1 41"
3. 600 feet to corner No. 3: thence X.
;i 13" E. 160 lrt feet to corner No. 4:
hence S. 1' 41 w. 601.30 feet to corv
ier No. 1. the place ot beginning, con-'
aining a net area of 12.S60 acres, ex
pressly excluding aera in conflict with
Surrey No. 2412. Apache lode ot 0 217
icrea.
The location notices ot these claims
re recorded In the office of the Coun
ty Recorder ot Cochise county, Ariao
ia, as follows:
. Rockland. Book 49. Record of Mines, .
page 137.
- Black Ben. Book 49, Record ot Mines
jaze 133.
Sunshine. Book 49. Record ot Mines
Mge 139.
The names bf the adjoining claims to
his survey are; on the north. Survey
No. 2412. Apache lode: Neglected and
Xnci. nnsurve)ed: owned by applicant
terein: Warren lode, unsurveyed; 00
he East Survey No. S15S. Rolla lode:
tn the South SurTey No. 1794. GrenfeU
lode; Survey No. J176. Carmelita and
?orona fodes; Survey Xo. 2221 Shat
uck No. I; and Survey No. S15S. Car
nelita and Corona lodes on the West
Survey No. 1794. Calumet lode.
J. L. IRWIX. Register.
First publication. Nov. 7. 1917.
Las publication. Jan 16. 1918.
IE
52U
V
Notices
VQ K ENDING DEC. 29. 1917.
I
M on jay. First Deg.
tesday
AVtdneaday
QyTiursday Installatlca.
Saturday
N t. bixunok, Mr X
T W ATKINS, 8;y. Mill
V M COLWELL. E. H. P.
O T PHILBROOK. T. L It
J E. FRY K C
r S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Cbati
and ConmaAdery
W R. BANKS. ftorKary CowacD.
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodga No
J meeu the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
ot each moo la at
T:St at Medlgo
Tick HalL Vialfr
lag members eordally fnvlted.
i'HIL. DAVIS. Prestdent.
URS. C. E. F1NOTTL Treasver.
Box 731, Tei 236, Red.
KATHERLS'K SALHOLM. Secretary.
Looat na tn . .
Rermlar meeting Irst and third rrt
day of each month. Visiting brother
cordially invited to attend. "
R E. WARNER, Exalted Ralar.
J- A. KKULT. Secretary
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
LUy Tempi. Ne. Smelts tvry tad
na rh Thursday evening of rtck
month at Odd Fellows' HalL Vlaltlnj
sisters are cordially tnvtted.
ANNA HART. M. E. C.
JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. C
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie. No, 171. A a E. vast
Ore-, asd .third MONDAYS, 8.. p. m,
Eaglea HU. Vlaitors cordlaQy
com. -RICHARD
DAVIS. President.
C. U EDMONSON. Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECUR
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. J11S
MeeU every Second and Fourth Sat-
rdays In - tha month at L O. O. r.
hall. 7:30 n; m. Tlslting members ara
cordially invited. .
ARNOLD SCHMm. President. P. C
Box 34S3, Lowell, Aria. -
ntEDFJUCK J. ATT AWAY.
Fecretary, Ubwall
E. UXDQC1ST. V
FinancUl Secretary. P. O. Box 3246.
LowtlL
BISBEE LODGE. No. 10, L O. a F.
Meets every
WEDNESDAY
Teeing at Odd
Fellow. HatL
Mala street at 7:00 p. m. VIslOi;
brothers cordially invited ".3 attend.
Hall ptone 119.
GEO. MUNSET. X. O.
C D. KIRBY, Secretary
IMPROVEO ORDER RED MEN.
Meets flrst a&U third
Thursdays- at 7:J0 p, m.
la MedlgOTich HaU. AU
Tlslting Red Men Invited
to attest.
Wo. DELBRfDCE Sachem.
W. a COHEN. Medicine Maa
F. & FEXDERSOX. C ot R-
MODERN
WOODMEN OF AMERICA
BUbe Camr No. 13415.
Meeu first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows HalL
R. L- MOTS. Cons-il
U. F- klATHEWSOX.
Clark.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets In Masonic HaP
Pearl Chapter, No. i, meeta
ra Masonic Hal) second and
fourth. Tuesday ot eacA
month at T:M . ta.
MRS. ANNA a RICHARDS, W. M.
Phone 2S0, P. O. Box S4L Bisbee.
MRS JESSE BE VAX, Eec. P. a Box
2299, Chairman Relief Com. Phone 16L
WOOOMEN OF THE WOLD,
LoweU Camp No. 44 will
meet very Wevs4ar
at 7:30, Brophy VU.
,H. C LAND AIT. C. C,
a R THOMAS, Oerk
AU Woodmen Invited. .
By C A. VOlGIfT
ssw
Ik
i V
Jf3kd0 THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW. WEDNESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 2C. 1917.
City Briefs
HTtlri"a TVTTO ijTr f n r
S-c
1 FH 1.
I
A A.iJ Ccnrn:encir. Friday u ,
Has anyone visited rruT Or
hT oa t-t.ter!ined 1 if so. cll
the Review after p m. and tell
f the Society Editor, rtone 39.
1
SIX
5
UiVi
3
a
3
Today SSSS??? Today
THE DAINTY MUSICAL COMEDY Or YOUTH
a m
Hill & Payne Pront the
Jovmakers in
-J. n. w jr - r
IN LONG BSTACH.
t T. Was'.Utim. or thi li uik ri
Hasbro, is 5ii'nn? the holidays in
Lone Peach on a visit to l.;s family.
He !f Sunday morr.irts; and i l re
"rn r.ftor t,-o N"w Y-:ir.
9
iy y u -ifjuwii ? j wis
Theatrical Event of the Season
A STORY O? LOVE, ?.0MANCEANDGAIETY;
SACCHARATED WITH HUMOR. SONG AND
DANCES GALORE BOOK AND LYRICS 3Y PHILIP
BARTHOLOMEW MUSIC BY SYLVO HELM.
THE SAME SPLENDID CAST, INCLUDING RAY
PRUETTE, JR., LCRAIN LESTER, ABBOT ACAttS,
MAE FINCH, ROY BARTHOLOMEW, CARRIE
GLENN, F. C PALMER, CAROL IF CL15TCN 'AND
THE
YOUNGEST, DRESSIEST, DMCIEST
PRETTIEST CHORUS IN AMERICA
J
I
IHIiliSlTP 1 1
ONE YEAR-N EW YORK &CHICAGO
SIX MONTHS- BOSTON & PHILADELPHIA
1
LAST TLME TONIGHT
On Account of Great Numbers BeingTurned Away Last Night We HaveHeH
SO DO NT FAIL TO SEE GEO. BRONSON
THE PLAY
TWO HOURS OF ACTION,
MUSIC BY ORCHESTRA
For the Freedom ol the
El
GR,TER STARS
VIRGINIA PEA
"5
inou
A Super-de-Luxe Production in Seven Great Acts
A Virile American Photoplay, Based on the Seventh Commandment
ADMISSION MATIN EE, 15c NIGHT, 25c
ILVRIC THEATRE
0 Balcony 5c Lower Floor 10c Reserved Seats 10c
; Albert E. Smith
E
DNA MAY
w "Salvation Joan"
Bobby Connolly, with
Ada Horton, in
"Bobby to the Rescue"
ML
STARTING 6:15
OVER TODAY
TOMORROW
ww w m i
w3L
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO
WILLIAM FOX Presents
IN
halt Not
and J. Stuart Blackton Present
Lawrence Lemon
in
Tough LuckandTin Lizzies
THE MOST EFFECTIVE MUSICAL CC.VEDY
YOUR SENSE OF FEELING BETTER "GROW5"
THERE IS NOT A DULL MOMENT
PRICES $1 .5C $ 1 .00 75 and 50
MAIL AND TELEPHONE ORDERS NOW
1 ill lLi
I 1 II i 1 tiH ? li B
HOWARD'S MIGHTIEST MELO DRAMA
DIFFERENT
THRILLS AND SUSPENSE
SiV T
S A
u
11 GREATER PLAYS J!
1
RSON
p
e
5:
I -K Lr i
LAST TiriE TONIGHT f
E. ii
ADMISSION 15 AND 25c
Wor
n a m n
The Old Year Out and
New Year In
it
Naco
Opera House
DECEMBER 31. 1917
BENEFIT RED CROSS
Grand Confetti Battle. 11:30 P.
M. to 2 A. M. Dance Starts
at 9 P. M.
ADMISSION, $1.00
LADIES FREE
Reynold's Orchestra
Business Locals
L. L. GILMAN '
WILL KEEP STOP.E OPEN PEC. 5TH 1
TO FIRST OF YEAR. 42.
Expert papr banker anc painter. C
I Brandt. Phone 456. Box ISO. S&O
DR. HELENE T. WEBB
Has opened parlors for chiropody and
manicuring at the Boston Apartments.
Adv. 82S
L L. Gilman sells the New Edi?.n.
the phonograph with a soul"
PRIVATE SANITARIUM,
t all Slack 573 fur terms, etc.
Advertiseaien. 97 1
THE ELKS DANCE.
Will pive a i!ar.ce on Christmas
r.icht for vi it iiic Elks and friends by
irvitations. on New Years Eve will
the a Yama Yama dr.nce. All d:i:icers
must wear costumes. Adv. S21
A SNAP
Hotel lease and furniture for sale;
S'i years' 1-tue; new hotel brick:
r.i furnisure: r.!l complete and r od
pifl it s$
DELIVERED 4iS
VISITING PARENTS.
Tr.-M -.v' n :ii rh- "' ih
ficl.l nrt:':'-v st farn un-'vi.
rt !n !'. M'. : 'rv. M.
y- tip r n--? tx,t i4-- t o no
I! -n T'-r;' ! ;!-. V:ii r-any vrr.t
f-oT ';s riint . ?:n.l ;r vtry
: i'!. 'i rro.nl i-i -fir v aivl
hiixioiis t. ct'l to Ihf .n il.'.
"'OM UNIVERSITY.
Mis Myrtle E'ins. dauchtor of A.
X. Eir.p a.J '! N .-noiii.a-- the
tici'.!?ys tore on a isi; to i tr par
ra fix-i ti.e rii:.i-;.-i;y cf Arizona
at Tucson.
FROM FLAGSTAFF.
AI ss Martha O'.'lis. : s;.en !ir.q the
-Kiii-M-s here nn a vi-it to "rcr rsr"
ent Ancius Gilis and iife. (rem the
F-!s:a!f Xorn'al where slie is at
tenilinc school. She return tV.e:
M'ttr tl;e N.'w Yar.
FROM CAM CODY. I
Sim Chase, who is wi'.h the c.'iar-'
terniasters corps at (.'amp t'o:!y. is
siendine the week hre on a visit to'
Ins narer.'f. Mr. and Mrs. rj. s. I'ha,
cf Mason Hill. He will return to his
post of duty after the holidays. ;
i VISITING FAMILY. (
Capt. "Robert E. Kerpusnn. stationed'
at Camp Cody, near rvrnins. is in the1
city to spend, the holiuuva with his;
fantilv. Tl!?litorwas forn:t-rly ron j
netted with the Co;p-r Q'ie-n Medic
al staff in this city.
IN AVIATION COSPS.
Ac-eordinc to advices received here
Meiivin Swain, who fcr some time
was enir'oyrd in this district as an
i-mo driver for Cart. Greenway and
others, is now in the aviation setv
ice of the Vnited States Government.
He is stationed at San liego at pre
sent. He is marri'il to a daughter
of Pr. Reese of t-.is. city. Another
brorher. Kay Swain who wru depu
tv under Jack White is now in the
navr and is somewhere in Kuropean
waters. They are both of sins of
Mrs. Swain of Ton'bstone.
FROM NACO.
F. A. Fo'so:a and wife were in the
city yesterday tr srerd Christmas cn
a visit to friends.
FROM TOMBSTONE.
Frank Sanders and J. Carpena were
in the city ystemay on their way to
Pouclas where the former went to
spend the day vi:h his wife who is
there on a- visit to her parents.
SECURE CONTRACTS. j
The E. A. Tovrea cotvpar.y of this I
city received t-e contract on Fri-1
day for the furnishinp of meat tci
the soldiers at Camp Harry Jones !
neir Ooualas for tie re; six months i
and the Ru-stoti-SmUu lompany r?-i
coived the contract for furtiishin.c the!
onions.
NEW UNIFORM REGULATION.
Second lieutenants may now wear
one itold b?.r on their shculJer strap j
7ccrdi:ie to nil;ni nia.l? by the war;
d. pnn-rnt. Frl'ow-inc 'he iiear orerj
nl'ow'n er.listrJ men of mounted or-'
ranimtinns to wear leather puttees, it
was difficult to distintuish the sec
ond Ven'.er.nnt Jrom an enlisted m?n.
rirst lieutenants wear the silver tar.
AUTO STAGE ASKS RATE RAISE.
Acconiins to a notifica ion sent out
by the Arizona corporation commis
sion, the Motor Transit company, in
corporated, hs asked "permission to
raise rates of oas?nser transporta
ton -between HNbee and lus:l:s.
The hearing of the application to in
crease auto sta.ee fare will take place
in the city hall at Douclas. besinDins
st 10:00 a. m. on January 10, 1?1S.
ern: S-'ioO. Cash. $1M). Pr.yable,
tvonthly. $75 per month. If ycu mean
business, write Fox i'. Xosales, Aril.
97S
Call me when you want a careful
driver. I drive a seven passenger
raise. Harry Lappas, Fhoae St6.-Adv j
BISBEE TOMBSTONE STAGE I
Will run daily leaving Warren at Cole'
buildin; at 6: TO a. m. and 1 p. m. Bis-i
bee at H P. S. W. depot at 7 a. m. '
and 1:30 p. m. Tfl. Joe Secar i
Adv-5S0 !
ROCKHILL'S STAGE.
Tilshe-Tombstone. Leaves Bisbee
Risbee Auto Co.. 7 a. m.. 1:30 p. m. 7-ras--enj:cr
cars. Careful driT-.-rs
Phono. Iihee 5. Adv
Dr. Playfair. Osteopam. 98 Ma.n ,
Hill. Mason car stop. Tbone Blue 47. i
d. :n :
K. OF C. DANCE.
Thursday cvenins. IVo. ;7. a'l
KnipKts of Oolumb'ts and their friends
ore cordially invited. Shsws or
hrs'rr. Adm'ssion Jl TJcfreslv- '
nunts. Adv. IS
SB nBhI
A Musical Pares in Oae Act
ALSO
FEATURE PICTURE IN
IN CONNECTION
ADMISSION 20 AND SO CENTS
CEFMANS AT CANANEA.
Tie No,u!rs litrt'd of a river.! is
ri;9 say?:
1: K ro-x'ioJ tli.t fo"r fifti:. cf !:ie
people on the tsain wh'ch lc.'t "
Canunea today w ere Ge.i..ins w ar
rived from the-int-rior of Srr.rra ai:l
cither points on t! west co.-t vh.
eo to the ret'poned ni;n:n-: tity for
work.
Very few American Ucp.xrted sc.V
inp positions there.
The Germans left in such numbers
that ft aroused comment.
ARMY NEEDS BRICKLAYERS.
bricklayers to bmld the sreat Amer-i
ican airdromes whih will house Am
erica's new living army oerseas are
needed iu larse numbers by the Sisr.al
Corps. Telegraphic instructions have
been sent front here to every rev-ruil-ns:
off'cer in te co'in;r' to enlKt a
many men as possible for this serv
ice. The men immediately after enlist
ment wiil be sent to a larce eon-.
e:!trai:oa traiuir.,; can.p in the south.'
whtra they wiil be ortcaniJ into
sqiiailrons for immediate s.i'pment to
France.
AH men wishing to enlist should
apply without delay to their nearest
recruiting officer.
A lar?;e number cf the ram wUj
be r.iade noncommissioned c:f:cjr.
The salary will r.:u accordins; to rank
fnm to S5! per month with food,
'jucrters. and tic 'form provided by t e
'uvera.oen', and per cent extra
tor foreign scrrite.
FROM CANANEA
Casey Si;es was in the city yester
day from Cananea. He reports that
camp rapidly resu:;ii:is its normal con
ditions and that all o? the furnaces
wiil be in commission by the first c.r
the year.
READY FOR WORK.
Messrs. Pidseon and Ayers. who
have secured the contract for tlie
building cf the branch county ja.l at
Lowell, are in the city and rosiiy to
bein operations at once. Ti e old
huildint; is being removed, and as soon .
as this work is comj leted the now
building will be erected and will he
ready to turn over to the lAvird of su
pervisors soon after the new year.
The material wiil be on hand in a low
days. i
JOHN G- WILSON
Contractor & Builder
Estimates furnished on all classes
of Buildings.
SEE ME LAST
Phcne Green 7S2.
o CEK3UXS MASS TROOPS OX WHOLE
:i rrnr FROM HEI.VORT TO SEA
v3tAM3RAI I l-l x. (V h JL
i...- : ti:c arrows :u ire map
cf the e.-t front iiuiicate the in
ter.s:tv of the tiirman bonibaroinsi
Ar.-".:nd Vt.res and Camt-rat the
1'.. -.-he ar .ilU-ry has boon unusual'y
heavy accordinc to late advices and
att-j.-Vin:: i:;r:ics have ni! frequent
:isr.u'it$ on the a.livs line.
fa
0 it S
DANCE
EAGLE HAU.
EVERY
SATURDAY
EVENING
8:30
(F. O. E. 175)
SHAW'S ORCHESTRA
MRS. ENGLE
LETSON HOTEL
has housekeeping rooms.
Bscs 50c, vRooms 75c up.
r.tLLS 7.V II1S FIRST
BATTLE .V CLOUDS
Lieut. Benjamin S. WalcvtL
Lieut. Benjamin & Waloott, son of
: the secretary of the Smithsonian In
stitute, is reported to have fallen in
his first battle with Uoche airmen.
'.The younjr lieutenant went directly
from KraJuation at Princeton to a
French flyine jchoo! nd thence to
the Lafayette escadrille.
, r -j l '
Cppc3ii3 Y.W.G.A.
PHONE. 739
- tSV'.-J
i
1 . v f ;
(
i