MARKETS.
NEW YORK CITY.
Average price of Cop
per for week ending,
September 5, 24.75.
utin
WEATHER.
Sunday and Monday,
fair; not much change
in temperature.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
Ait tnjoitj.'-i
VOL. 20. NO. 80.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 9, 1917.
PAGES PRICE FIVE CENTS
F TEUTON INT
mm
mml
RU55 LI IS
STATIONARY:
1 IY
SAVE NATION
Coming of Severe Weather
Prevents Germans from
fussing On. Russians Set
tleDown to Outwait Teu
tonic Forces..
(By Review Leased Wire).
Russia's probable new line in Li
vonia following the retreat from Riga
under von Hindenburg's pressure is
now beginning to define itself. The
retrograde movement appears to have
been definitely halted in some sec
tons, at least, where the Russians are
digging in to make a stand. Berlin's
report reveals this state of affairs
more clearly than Petrograd's. Judg
ing from the German statements the
Russian line extends from west of Ko-
kenhussen, on the Dvina, about 12 j
miles east of of Friedricbstadt and1
approximately fifty-five miles south-j
east ot Riga, northeast through the
town of eBnding, twelve miles west
of Veuden, and on the Gulf of Riga.
Thus t.he front northwest of Dvinsk,
instead of curving sharply west just
beyond Jacobstadt, as it did to take
in the Riga district, now leavesc the
Dvina there and continues in an al
most straight line to the coast.
Invasion Will Halt.
Both German and Russian opinion
seems to think the new German in
vasion will not proceed much farther
this tall. The approach of the wet
and cold seasons militates against a
real push toward Petrograd at pres
ent, it is said, even if von Hindenburg
had the men to spare for the difficult
task.
Italians Balked.
On the Austro-Italian front General ,
C'adorna seems to be meeting with re-j
distance even more (Jesperate J.han i
before in hi srdive toward Trieste. Anj
Austrian report, the date of which is:
uncertain, claims a decided reverse
for the tlalians in the Carso region.
The driving of the Italians from thej
vicinity of Monte San Gabriele, north-1
cast of Gorizia, is also claimed.
Cadorna Confident. j
There has been no hint of such set-'
backs in recent Italian reports and j
the Austrian statement possibly refers,
to ground admitted lost temporarily!
by the Italians some days ago. The
tone of the latest tlalian statements'
has been confident, especially as re-j
gards the fighting in the San Gabriele
region where an Italian success vfrtu-'
ally vas predicted despite tremendous!
obstacles.
Verdun Center Active.
On the Franco-Belgian front Verdun
seems again to be developing into
the chief center o finterest. Berlin,;
at least, indicates a serious fffort;
ly the French to renew their successes!
in this battle-scarred area. The French
launched an attack on a wide front!
Friday night, centering their effort j
east of the Meuse between Samog-.
neux and the Beauniont-Vacherauville
road, says the German war office,
w.'iich claims a repulse inflicted upon
General Petain. Saturday mornins, !
however, after drum fire, the attack
was renewed, the front of the drive
apparently being extended as far east;
as the point on which the Frenca ;
right flank hinged in the recent suc
cessful offensive.
In tons of the other war theaters
have there been actions of wide im
portance, i
Diplomatic Faux Pas.
Secretary Lansing in Washington
made public today copies of official
dispatches sent by the German charge
in Buenos Aires through the Swedi3ii
legation in. Argentina to the Berlin
foreign office, which reveal that in-'
formation thus was (transmitted) to
Berlin regarding the sailing of mer
chant vessels and directions given for
their destruction by submarines. The
communications, it is announced, were
in cipher and were sent by the Swed
ish legation as its own. j
Russian Exiles Removed
to Border of Sweden and
Released From Custody
Another Call
On Tuesday morning the Re
view will print the call of the Co
chise county exemption board for
another 500 men to appear for ex
amination in the selective draft.
The call is for September 13 ana
it stipulates that every man sum
moned must go to Tombstone.
This morning the Review is
printing a list of men who failed
to appear for examination in the
county. Upon previous occasions
the paper has been called upon
to correct some statements made
on the authority of the exemption
board relative to "slackers." In
view of the fact that the board
sends out the communications of
ficially, the Review will make no
corrections hereafter, unless such
corrections come direct from the
exemption board itself.
IE OF
WHISKEY CEASES
IN THIMOIIRY
Beverage Distilling Plants,
Throughout Nation, Close
Their Processes. Milli
of Gallons Yet in Bond.
Millions '
(By Review Leased Wire.)
LEXINGTON, Ky., Sept. 8. About!
two hundred distilleries in Kentucky
were closed tonight by the grain con
servation law. Many employes, such
as the office forces and salesmen, will
be retained, as there are about 120,
000,000 gallons of whiskey stored in
warehcuses. .
Some Scotch.
AN ATLANTIC PORT, Sept. 8.
Fifteen thousand gallons of Scotch
whiskey, the last that can be import
ed before the food conservation law
goes into effect, arrived here today.
Peoria Plants Close.
Til-Ti T , tit ( a a rr. i ,.(
MANurACTUfl
rLunm, .u sepu p.-iu.s , after the war. He was positively dum
fiye great distilleries ceased the man-, founded at the 8udden reyolt
uiaciure ui uevt?rage iiquurs Ionian,
... ...u....a..tc , iu f,u"1"'l"';
J . """""" ,wu """""' court during the entire time Rasputin
act. Three of the distilleries will close was a p ther(? , knQW that Wg
but the Atlas and Great Western Willi maA influence over Nicholas and
continue to manufacture alcohol andtne etnpress an dhf8 alleged despotic
spirits for industrial and war pur-. authority over the mIniBters are pure
Pf.t8 .... .1 legends. Alix (the former empress)
With other b.g plants here seeking WM tugy a the Ume wit,( n)e ,n
men it is not ikely that the labor .it-; nlanaK,ng hospitals. of which there
uauuu ttm Buiier iiuiu me iiuaiug ui
the whiskey making plants.
Two large cooperage plants will be
affected by the closing of the distil
leries, but to what extent is not yet
known.
Maryland Hit.
BALTIMORE, Md., Sept. 8. When
the federal law forbidding the manu -
facture of whiskey as a beverage went i
into effect tonight, it found all of the I
27 distilleries in the Maryland district!
closed but one. It was explained that
these plants usually shut down for
three months in the summer because!
tliis is an unfavorable time for maK -
in whlskPV Th oftert nf th hw
t-,e workine force thprefnre. will !
' ,
not be especially serious, as most of
the employes had gone into other oo-
cupations. Three o fthe distilleries. I
it is understood, will engage in the
manufacture of alcohol for commer
cial purposes.
Men Out of Work.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 8. The
law prohibiting the manufacture of
whiHkey from grains will throw sever
al thousand persons out of work in
this slate. It was declared that the
enforcement of the law will result in
a large depreciation in values of dis
tillery properties. Most of the plants
are Wilt in country sections in order
to o'hain water, and therefore are not
easily converted for other industriil
uses, distillers said.
Edward T. Fleming of this city, an
authority on the industry, said one
effect of the law would be the forc
ing oui of business of many retail es
tablishments due to the soaring price
of whiskey and thus making the cost
almost prohibitive to the average consumer.
(By Review Leased Wire.
PETROGRAD. Sept. 8. The first ex
iles among the adherents of the old im
perial regime were sent under a strong
escort today to the Swedish frontier,
where they will be released. Extraor-'
dinary precautions were taken to
guard the exiles and access to the .
railroad station where they boarded a
tarin was forbidden.
Empress' Confidente Along.
At the head of the party was the :
famous Madamoiselle Virubova. for
12 years the bocom friend and confi
dante of the former empress and who!
ihas been called "the female Rasputin j
; of the revolution." With her the in-1
triguer Manseevich Manuilov, and the!
i Asiatic Badmayeff, to whom the for- j
jmer emperor Nicholas gave a diploma j
'as a "doctor of Tibetan medicine," a'
recognition of his success i n curing 1
! all imaginable diseases of the cour
tier with a certain cordial. I
On the eve of her departure. Mile, i
Virubova was intervieedw by the As-.
I sociated Press in the presence of a -
detective. She is a strikingly hand-j
some woman, somewhat stout, black-1
haired, resembling the portraits of .
Catherine the Great. She limps and
uses a crutch as the result of a rail- j
road accident. There is a scar on
her forehead which she asserted was
j inflicted by the guard at the fortress
!of St Paul and St. Peter, from which
she was recently released.
Will Write 'Memoirs. '
Mile. Virubova, who is personally'
fascinating but apparently not a'
clever woman, gave a striking outline,
of the last years of the court of Em-'
Peror Nicholas, declaring that the ;
memoirs sne intenus to write wur
startle the world. " I
"The truth about Nicholas," shi
said, "is that he has a good character'
and a qUicker and better mind than;
the good-for-nothing grand duke. His!
fault is his incorrigible weakness.!
which is partly congenital and partly ;
the result of the crushing training byj
the mother dowager and his tutors, j
who were instructed to suppress every '
manifestation of initiative. j
Disliked Bad New. j
"Nicholas hated to hear bad news
and reports against others. Until the
last he had not the slightest notion
that all the nation detested and despis-
ed him. He told us only a few days!
before the revolution that he was1
..1 . ... ...wl ... i f 1. 1, nnAitlxnt. f T i . I
(ficaoru 1 1. ii nit LUIIU11IUU3 in iiuijiiu
nnrl wmilfi prant A rftKnnnsililo ratitnnt
Rasputin's name is wrongfully as-
sociated with mine.
Having been at
were 79 at Tsarskoe-Selo. Rasputin,
as already known throughout the em
pire, assured Nicholas that daily pray
ers would cure Grand Duke Alexis,
his son. The illness of the grand
duke was not caused, as haas been al
leged, by terrorists attempts on his
Hfe. but throueh defective protection
0f the blood vessels which caused i
hemorrhage at the slightest exertion.
a disease universal in the Batten-
Derg family.
Efficacy of Prayer.
"Daily Rasputin prayed, first alone
anu- jater with the emperor and emp-
rpsf, wi10 were Intense! v Dious and
on .mean; ..!
.i a li. i .: -..j.ii.J
. til- " I". . "lIT '!
inifiui i v inu ; rni o BFiU auu lie n" " la
n perfect
against thi
health. The accusations ;
against the personal character of my-i
SPjf an the empress In connection
with Rasputin are infamous. When I
am allowed to return to Russia I shall
bring my caluminators to justice. ;
Virubova added that Nicholas was
ont pro-German and did not intend to
make a separate peace. Immediate
ly before the outbreak of the revolu
tion p'le heard him make the follow
ing statement:
"I believe and hope we will soon
beat the Germans soundly."
Not in Plot.
"D-eny." she concluded, "that I am
exiled as the result of any connection
with a grand ducal monarchist plot,
I do not believe such a plot could tuic-
ceed as not one of the grand dukes Is
fit to rule Russia." ,
The grand dukes, arrested early this
week in connection with the monarch
ist plot against the provisional gov
ernmcnt, have not yet been sent from
Petrograd. The date of their depart ,
ure is being kept secret.
GOVERNMENT
CUTS RATION
I nrnrnnmrrn
urummitLd
AT COLUMBUS
)
Order Issued That Will Mean
the Disbanding of Mendi -
cants, Who Were eiminat -
ed From Bisbee July 12.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
COLUMBUS, N, M., Sept. 8.
A recommendation was made to
the war department today by the
military here that further issuing
of rations to the men deported
Irom Bisbee, Arizona, Juty 12,
be discontinued at once. It is
claimed that there is plentey of
work for these men to do in the
southwest and that there is no
further need for the army to feed
the .450 men encamped here.
Notice Posted.
Notice was posted on the bulle
tin board at the camp today that
rations issued by the military to
the men in the camp would be re
duced one-half on next Tuesday
and soon thereafter would be
further curtailed or discontinued.
Embree to Rescue.
Tonight A. S. Embree. chairman
of the executive committee of the
men in the camp, sent telegrams
of protest to President Wilson
and Secretary of L&bor Wilson.
The telegram to President Wil
Bon reads:
"Yesterday we wired you as
follows:
He Wants to Know.
" 'Will federal bovernment re
store and make secure constitu
tional rights of men deported
from Bisbee? Are we to consid
er the following notice posted in
camp today as your answer:
'Beginning September 11. the al
lowance for rations Ufc members
of this camp will be reduced one
half of the present amount. Later
further reductions will be made
or issues entirely suspended
"Have (We) No Rights?"
"Does the federal government
join hands with the state of Ari- ,
bona in thus notifying the people
of America that its common citi
zens have no rights worthy of
consideration by men. elected and
sworn to uphold the constitution?
We request the courtesy of an
answer?"
The telegram to Secretary of
Labor Wilson reads in part:
Secretary Wilson Wired.
"If the federal government with
draws its support now the de
portees will be in the same posi
tion as when the governmentf rist
came to their aid at Hermanas.
Does a delay of two months nulli
fy the rights guaianteed to these
men by the constitution of the
United States? A definite answer
is requested."
Originally there were 1168 of
the Bisbee exiles in the camp,
but all but 450 of them have left
for other places.
EMBARGO ON FREIGHT.
(Ry Review Leased Wire.)
can rniNr'ijrn un
SAIN r KANt IM U, kept.
8. An em-
bargo " -astbound freight via the
j Sunset. Gulf Route to be effective
after midnight September 11, was an-:
nounced here today by the Southern !
Pacific company. The embargo de-
flnrpr? Vinn n u nf ciiinriimiint remittal.
tjong on dipping, will not apply to
copper bumoni umber under special
permU and governnient frelght. The
tompan announced the embargo
probably would be of short duration,
FRENCH TROOPS GAIN.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PARIS. Sept. 8. The French troops
made gains today on the right banK
of the Meuse. Verdun sector. occuDy-
ng important positions and capturing
morethan 500 prisoners, according to
the announcement cf the war office to-
night
PRESIDENT HONORED.
;
(By Rev'ew Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK, Sept. 8. President
Wilson has been awarded humanitar-'.
Ian cult's gold medal for 1916, as the
greatest humanitarian of that year.
Roosevelt Declares That
Dual Suffrage Should
Be Granted Immediately
(By Review Leased Wire.)
1 OYSTER BAY. N. Y., Sept. 8.
Women are entitled to the ballot as
a right and not as a favor. Colonel
Theodore Roosevelt told a gathering
of about 500 suffragists at Sagamore
Hill this afternoon. He declared him
self as emphatically in favor of wo-
men's suffrage and was heartily ap-
. piauded when he j
Mother I Best Citizen. j
. "On the whole the citizen to whom'
; - e ail
i duties is the mother. I will put heri
'ahead of every other human being. i
To deny the mother the vote seems
, to me something so preposterous that
i our descendents will fail to under-1
island how we could call ourselves!
. self-governing and democratic and
; yet deny it,
! Urge Full Co-operation.
i "This is the only meeting dealing
iwith any matter not directly connect
i ed with the war at which I have con
i sented to speak at all," said the col
onel in opening his address. "I con
sented in this case because I wished
to see this war put through to a suc
cessful conclusion at no maximum
cost. I wish to see every man and
every woman in this county devote
every ounce of his or her strength
to that end and when I wish that
demand to be made upon everyone
I wish corresponding justice done
everyone.
What Democracy Mean.
"During the last three years we
have been in
the habit of thinking
about what democracy means and I
believe that we grow wiser we will
steadily come to the belief that onjat Riga on Thursday, declared that
one hand we must, in a democracy, auch victories increase the prospects
suffer no injustict and, on theother ' that the erfd of the war will come soon,
hand, we must do no injustict. In ' The emperor, according to an offi
other words, democracy must be a cial statement, spoke as follows:
type of political organism in which Rjfla a Free,
every right enjoyed Is conditioned j "Riga Is free. When this news ran
upon a duty performed and everjf
duty performed means the corres-a Btorm of pubilation and enthusiasm
ponding enjoyment of the right. j arose everywhere in the fatherland
Duty and Suffrage. ,An& m tne foremost trenches in the
"I wish to state with all the eni-!enemy country,
phasis in my power, that if either J "xnj8 town, founded by the spirit
man or woman refuses to do his ori0f the old German Hanseatic league,
her duty. I hold that they have nojwith a German history and which al
right to the privelege of the suffrage, j ways na8 endeavored to maintain its
I do not put it on the ground of aex. German origin, has gone through
1 1 put it on tne grouna oi auty. i
j do not ask the ballot for women as
a favor. I say it should De given to
her as a right. People say that if
. women are given tne oanot tney win
i fail to perform their other duties. I
! notice that the average man who is
! apt to say that is the individual who
lis not particularly of the duty I ,
j luruiiUK ijyt? uusiovrii.
i Pacifists Detoited.
I "People have said to me that we!c.lency 01 tne troops .whAcn n .OVPr!een a party to such a bemless pro-
must not have women vote because I
!thev would all be naciflsts. The I
' Lord knows I despise a pacifist, and
1 1 have made no special effort to dis
. semble my feelings about that. But
! I have failed to notice that the shirk-!
ing sisterhood of pacificists outnum
. bers the bleating brotherhood of paci
ficists. "White Rabbita."
"This white rabbit special that has
been going around the country has
not found a place for the soles of its
; feet to rest.
I believe that when the
f right appeal is made, the mothers,
wives and daughters of America will
I stand Just a trifle ahead of their sons.
(husbands and fathers in sacrificing!
! everything, even those whose loss
I means infinitely more to them than
' their own lives. They will sacrifice
everything to a great and lofty Ideal.
Expects Suffrage.
'On general grounds, I have abso-
lutely no doubt that suffrage must
come, as a matter of right; if we are
4n nnntlniiA tur A Amnnra t in TnpH.
inent of government, it must come,
"Now for the special needs created
by this war. One of the curious
things of this war is that It has
brought much nearer the day in ev-
ery country participating in it and:
every country adjacent to the parti-1
cipating countries when women wilt'
be given political rights Just as men
are given them, because it has been
proved by the actual event that In
this, the greatest and most terrible
war of history, the war In which
greatest demands have been made.
; the whole woman force of each coun
I try has had to be put squarely be
; hind the whole an force of that coun-
try.
America Lag Behind.
..t. .eem. to , that in the last
jPCa(je or two we have bad a tend-
(Continued on Page Six.)
For Allies
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PEKING. Sept. 8. The war
mission of 50 prominent Chinese,
headed by Lu Cheng Haiang, has
advised the government to join
the entente allies, to sign the Lon
don agreement against a separate
peace and sign the Paris econo
mic compact. The government is
disposed to adopt the recommenda
tion and has referred it to the
proclncial official for their opin
ion. HIS TROOPS FOR
CAPTURE OF RIGA
Wilhelm's Appreciation Ex
pressed to Leopold's Army.
. Gott, too, Comes In for En
dorsement by Emperor.
(By Review Leased Wire).
BERLIN, via London,- Sept. 8. In
, thanking the Eighth German army for
the capture of Riga. Emperor William
in an address to the victorious troops
through all the districts of Germany
heavy times. By the German army.
j wnich is incorporated all the Gor-
niantribes. this town again is liberated
from jong oppression.
Prince Is Commended.
"The operation which by the com
mand of the supreme army command
er and under the declaration of Prince
of B.varim
was begun and un
dertaken with confidence in the effi
ciency of the troops which in
ye,fr8 .l J"" 80 r"an"7 nve,
tood . the te8t nas heen carried
through by our arms more quickly and
more energetically than was expect
ed and was a surprise to the enemy.
The crushing blow hit him and so he
lost his bridgehead.
Steel Will Win.
KAISER
THANKS
"The liberation of Riga is the deed i they were harmless business meseas
of the Eighth army and its welltrie I ! es."
commander. It again has proved that! Minister May Be Recalled. .
our steel will lead us to victory and
will defend us no matter how long the
war lasts, but such blows as the battle
of Riga increase the prospects that ,00ei ,or n P'" " -the
end will come soon. 1 disavowal of any intention to commit
"They add to the glory of our armsjan unneutral act.
and give fresh laurels to the troops
participating.
Thanks Troop.
"Therefore, I express to you my
thanks lor tne Dninant teat ot arms,.dor Naon The ambassador already
the fatherland's thanks, and the en na8 transmitted the messages to his
thusiastic thanks of the people who povernment and until instructions are
stand behind you watching your received he will not commenton the
deeds, but who also create and labor! icjdent n"-r specutate regarding the
with their hands and till the fields to;.rtion thl,. ni8 eovernment may take.
give us our daily bread. The present
! harvest now well brought in. will feed
us. I
Und Gott, Too.
"Also in this respect the Lord
Creation has granted our prayer and
by his daily bread protected this army
and your people at home against dis
tress. Therefore, happen what may.
and no matter how long it may last, we
will triumph over the enemies of Ger
many." WEST POINT FOOT BALL.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WEST TOINT. N. V., Sept 8.
The army football squad. 150 strong,
turned out today for its first practice.
The veteran players in the squad In
cluded Oliphant, Schrader, Knight,
Rundell, March and Stokes.
1 N15TER OF
CMO
LU
TEUTON PLOT
Secret Service Brings to Light
Messages Which Cast As
persions Upon Argentine.
Passed Through Sweden.
j (By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Sept. 8. Copies of
three brief dispatches made public by
; the state departemnt today revealed
another case of sinister German di-
ploniacy, this time directed against
, Argentina and involving the Swedish
roreign offices in an apparent grave
breach of neutrality and diplomatic
propriety.
No Concessions Advised.
They were messages to Berlin from.
Count Luxburg, the German charge at
Buenos Aires, forwarded by the Swed
ish legation there as its own commun
ications. Besides advising that no
concessions be granted Argentina in
the submarine controversy they sug
gested that the South American coun
try's ships be sunk Wvithout leaving
any trace," and gave information i
to the sailing and positions cf certaiu
I vessels.
Information To Argentine.
The department's announcement
was sent to the Argentine emimssv
and the Swedish legation here at the
same time it was given to the public.
There was nJt explanation as to how
! the message came inio the hands of
the United States nor discussion as to
what may be the result.
Sensation Created.
The action created a sensation, par
ticularly amonK the neutral diplomats.
Baron Akerheilm. the Swedish charge,
in the absence of advices of hU gov-
! arnnian m-milil ml mmmant fnnhar
than to say it was improbable that
the Swedish minister at Buenos Aires
knew of the contents of the dispatches.
Axel Robert Nordvalle. of the special
Swedish economic mission declared he
was certain that Baron Lowen. the
Swedish minister to Argentina, had no
knowledge of the contents of the dis
patches. Would Excuse Sweden.
"Moreover, I am sure," said Mr.
Nordvalle, "that no Swede would have
ceeding: I kno wBaron Lowen very
; we,L He is not in good health and it
j is possible that he wa unaware of the
sending of any messages. It tiie dis
patches were in German rode as I as
sume they were. een if ha knew they
were sent he could not have known
their contents and may have thought
Mr. Nordvalle was or "Pn cm
u-u-n -
,r" ' "
Effect In Doubt.
j What effect the disclosures will have
ion Argentina's relations with Germany
could only be guessed at both by state
j department officials and by Anibassa-
That he was astounded at the revela-
tions was evident.
The Way Out.
It was suggested by some diplomats
fthat Germany might have little dif
ficulty in arranging her relations with
Argentina so as to cause the South
American country to maintain her neu
tral attitude. It was pointed out that
having entered into an agreement with
Argentina recently not to sink any
more Argentine ships and to pay for
damage already Indicted Germany was
in a position to explain that she had
notaccopted the suggestion of her
agent in Buenos Aires and that after
all there could be no diplomatic con
flict if he were removed.
Argentina Wants Peace.
That Argentina at least will de
mand the removal of theoffending Ger-
(Continued on Page Six.)
swim lumm
UNILULII IIUUN
INVOLVED IN TWO THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 9, 1917.
FRENCH
SCRIBES
DEVOTE SPACE
TONEwREPUBLIC
PARIS, Aug. 15. (Correspondence
of liie Associated Tress) Political
' happenings have succeeded one an
other so rapidly in Russia that French
correspondents there have bad little
time to do more than occupy them
selves with them, and descriptive ar
ticles from those journalists hare been
few regarding the effect of the revo
lution on the mass of the people and
its results in the provinces and among
the peasants. One or two articles,
however, have appeared which throw
some light on the mentality of the
Russians, regarded as so different
from that of other Europeans.
Mr. Robert de Flers, associate edi
tor of the Figaro, and now attached to
the headquarters staff of the Ruman
ian army, has had months of study of
the Russian troops serving in conjunc
tion with those of Rumania. Here
are some anecdotes from his latest ar
ticle: There is a fine lake somewhere in
the south of Russia which is connect
ed by a channel with a smaller lake
where huge carp are raised. The chan
nel was barred by nets to prevent the
carp from passing into the larger lake,
and, as food does not reach the troops
in the district too plentifully nor in
great variety, the officers were glad
to cary their mess with the fish.
One day some hundreds of soldiers
were gathered in a meeting one of
those meetings which have become a
regular institution in the Russian army
this year plunged in deep discussion.
Suddenly there wag a rush toward the
lakes and with cries of "Sloboda!"
"Sloboda!" ("Liberty!" "Liberty!")
the men began to pull out the barriers
and nets and destroy them. The offi
cers wished to prevent the destruction
but the soldiers took little notice of
their reprimands beyond crying, "Slo
boda! Sloboda for the fish!"
A non-commissioned officer explain
ed the matter. "Fish are God's crea
tures like men are. Like them they
have the .-ight to liberty. But nien
can talk and so have made the revolu
tion, while fish are dumb and can
never make theirs. It is, therefore,
our duty to aid them because it !r con
trary to nature to pen them up in or
der to capture them easily and kill
them."
A middle-class functionary, a man
who occupied a modest position in one
of the tax-collecting offices and who
was imbued with the narrow, bureau
cratic, reactionary spirit generally
found in that class, chanced to go out
one day with a red umbrella under his
arm. A group of manifestants going
to a meeting begged him to open his
umbrella. He willingly complied and
at once found that his bright umbrella
red being the revolution's color
made him a personage. Women threw
him flowers, children were lifted up
for him to kiss, and he was at once
made president of the meeting. When
that was over he was conducted in
triuniDh to a banquet and there, too,
he made an eloquent speech, having
discovered himself an orator without
ever having suspected it. Finally he
was conducted to his home at a la'e
hour by several thousands of his free
if not enlightened fellow citizens.
From that day, after inscribing his
name on the revolutionary committee,
he has never gone out without his red
umbrella, always open.
For months every material, from ;
silk to the commonest cloth, colored '
red, has been sought for and made in-!
to cockades, flags, streamers, etcj
The smallest fragment of red serves
as an excuse for a manifestation.;
Here is a story of a squad of Russian ;
soldiers, a pretty woman, a pet dog, ;
and a bow-knot of red ribbon:
The pretty woman was walking up
and down the platform of a little sta
tion crowded with soldiers. The men. '
whos.i opportunities of seeing a pre'
ty woman had been limited for many
a month, gazed in admiration and
were prepared to make a manifesta
tion in her honor. But suddenly their ,
feelings showed a change and cries
of discontent began to be heard. A
group of soldiers went up to the wo
man and severely upbraided her be
cause a bow of red ribbon was fasten
ed over the ear of her Pomeranian
dog. Such a use of the symbol of rev
olution was shocking, they said, as ii
showed a wish to ridicule the great
movement. The soldiers ' jdiouted.
shrieked, and jumped about excitedly,
to tin? utter astonishment of the pret
ty woman, and of the Pom. But the
woman extricated herself from an em
barrassing position with the guile of
a true daughter of Eve. She took the
ribbon from her dog's head and plac
ed it in her own hRir. Once more
the crowd changed its tone and it was
amid enthusiastic cheering that R?ie.
and the dog, took the train a little
later.
A certain general was suspected by
his men of being only luke-warni
towards the new movement, so a del
egation of soldiers waited on hi in to
ask his real opinions.
"I'll tell you just what I am," he
said, "and you can tell it to every
one. I look upon my men as my
children and so have no reason not to
Wool Serges Are Popular for
Fall;You'UFinda Splendid
Stock at This Store
YOU'LL FIND AT LEAST ONE FROCK OK FIXE WOOL
Serge in the wardrobe of every smartly dressed woman
this fall. Because Fashion told us a long while ago
that serges were to be in favor this fall, we wer;
able to buy hundreds of yards at old prices: and
the substantial savings we were able to make
through this early purchasing are reflected
in the low prices we've attacfied to our neiv
fall stock.
Wool Serges 98c
An Unusual Value
AND OX MONDAY comes your oppor
tunity to save; 36-inch All-wool Serge,
in navy and military blue, also black,
cardinal, Copenhagen, tan, gray and tha
newest shades of brown, strictly all-wool
and a quality quite exceptional at the
low price of 98c a yard.
Storm Serge $1.50
A UFashionableColors
WHEN YOU COME AND SEE these
heavy Storm Serges Monday, you are go
ing to forget that wool is selling at the
highest figure in its history, for you
would have considered these Serges
wonder values last year at the low price
quoted, sl.60 a yard; 40 Inches wide, in
navy and other fashionable shades of
blue, new browns, grays and green, black
and white, cream, tan and Copenhagen.
44-Inch
French Gerge $1.98
White and Colors
YES, THE FREXCH SERGES are here
too, and quite the best value we offer
in the entire serge family; the finest,
softest and most desirable quality
French Serges you would be glad to buy
even though their cost was a third more
than our price, $1.98 per yard, in black.
white and every wanted new shade for
fall. 4 m
The New Dresses
Will Surely Delight You In Style
Quality and Price
THEY ARE NEW AND SO INTERESTING, bcause so new. A great di
versity of styles, materials and trimming ideas one can easily spend hours
in looking at them noting their many variations in line and trimming.
The beautiful silks include Crepe de Chine, Crepe Meteor, Georgette, Sat
in, Serge and combinations of these fashionable silks with serge.
SERGES AND SATINS are favored for street and business wear, in black,
navy, taupe, Copenhagen, Militarie Blue, plum, burgundy and new shades
of brown, green and gray. Overskirt effects are noted and there are in
numerable new ideas in fronts, collars and cuffs. Trimmings consist of
fur, wool embroidery, beads, braid and buttons splendid and unusual assort
ments at prices ranging from $15 upwards to $35.
Handsome Fall Coals
Great Variety and Unusual Value
$18.50, $20.00, $22.50 to $85.00
NOWHERE, BUT HERE, will you find such a complete representation
of the New Fall Styles in Women's Coats. The new season has brought forth
many fetching models, handsome materials and beautiful colors and, our
buyers have picked the most stunning as well as the most practical of the
new creations.
EVEN AT THIS EARLY DATE you can choose here from a splendid
variety, including the most fashionable and wanted materials. The new
Pom Pom cloth, broadcloth, velours, mixtures, plushes, Bolivias, Kerseys,
Tweeds and Velour de Laine. Collars, cuffs and trimmings of fur, plush and
self materials. We know of no better way lor you to acquaint yourself with
the smart styles, than to come Monday and see them with your own eyes.
New Fall Corset Styles
In Royal Worcester Adjustoand
Bon Ton $1.25 to $10.00
1
1
A 1 1
m
L '-.'Ay
mm
Authentic Autumn Models in
Women's Garments
Fascinating Styles, Fashionable Fabrics
Prices That Are Dependably Low!
EVERY WOMAN DESIRES TO BE WELL DRESS
ED, particularly that the style of her apparal be authentic.
The garments shown here, including Suits, Coats, Dresses,
Blouses and Skirts, etc., are indeed authentic to the min
utest detail and popular prices prevail throughout.
SOME OF THE NEW SUIT COATS reach almost to
skirt hem. Some of the Short Suit Jackets appear to have
been stolen from the family album. And some of the new
Skirts are just -wide enough for stepping. Some of the
new Coats look as if they might have been borrowed from
the coachman or from a trudging Russian peasant.
AND THERE ARE FASHION authorities who tell us
that the bustle is to "come back." This is just the time of
year when fashion rumors are rife and what's "to be
.11111. m
worn is the ail-absorbine tonic. ir vou want to know
what is stylish, just what fashionable women will wear
this Fall visit our second floor Garment Section Monday.
There Are New Suits
At $18.50, $22.50, $25.00
And All Between Prices to $65.00
AND MANY INDEED, ARE THE NEW STYLE THOUGHTS THAT
appear i n the new Suits that discriminating women wiil ciiotise for their
Autumn wardrobe. What better, then, than an early visit to the Gar
ment section of "The Fair Store"to see in all the glory of their newness,
the Suits that are here to gladden the hearts of fashionable womn. See
them feel them try them on and see your reflected self in a serk-g of
mirrors enjoy them.
THERE ARE NEW SUITS AS LOW-PRICED AS $18.50, $22.50. $25 On
and all prices between up to $65. On. Tailored. Demi-Tailored, and Semi
Fancy effects in suits of Serge, Poplin, Gabardine, Poiret Twill, Mannish
Worsteds, Broadcloth. Silvertone and Velours.
Some have trimming of fur, of velvet, of plush, or braid and burtons.
The favorite colorings are new Miliiarie Blue, Navy, Cray, Biack, Brown,
Green, Burgundy, Plum and Tan.
Fall Suits at $25
Unmatchable in Style and Value
THE $25.00 SUITS UPON WHICH "THE FAIR STORE" HAS CON
centrated with such increasing results from season to seasoon, will be
present in full force when you ar.; ready to choose your new fail and
Winter Suit. And you are to like tham very much Indeed if $25 Suits are
the suits that are for you.
MATERIAL STYLE TAILORING all planned to meet the hi;h
standard of Service and Satisfaction that has been set them to meet.
The new Autumn and Winter Fashions that are worthy your immediate
consideration. Much better value, we believe, thau you will find elso
where at the moderate price.
In Our Silk Department We
Are Showing the New
Novelties for Fall Wear
SILKS AND SATINS PROMISE TO BE FIRST FAVOR
its with fashion for early fall wear. New Yorkers are
wearing silks and so, of course, we are going to wear
Iks in Bisbee in luct, they are already conspicu
ous when smartly dressed women congregate. We
bought our Fall stocks of Satins and Silks when
Fashion first began, to think about them, and
because we did you can save now; the
wholesale cost has since advanced to al
most as much as we will ask you here for
the season's smartest novelties.
Pretty Striped Silks,
Color Combination That Are
New and Unusual, $1J75 Yd.
THESE BEAUTIFUL AND ATTRAO
tive fancy striped silks that we've mark
ed $1.75 a yard, including Taffetas and
Satins ir. a value quite out of the ordin
ary. You'll find in "shopping around
that if the quality is duplcated the price
is much higher; it's a friend-winning
value with a vengeance 36-inches wide,
ground -colors of navy, green, brown,
black, Copenhagen, plum and wine, with
new striped patterns in the bright and
sombre shades for Autumn wear. SEE
THEM MONDAY.
36-Inch
Fine Heavy Quality
Novelty Silks
Rich Stripes and Plaids
$2.48 a Yard
THESE NOVELTY STRIPED SAT
ins and Taffetas are in greater favor
than ever for the Autumn and Winter
season, and we are showing quite a
large assortment, in a very complete Ijne
of the popular shadings, the richest rnd
most beautiful color combination Jou
ever saw, and from the standpoint (of
style, quality and value are entitled' to
Bell for a third more than the price we've
attached to them. $2.S a yard, full 36
inches wide.
THE NEW FALL CORSETS, Fashion's newest designs and
proportions are shown in all their correctness, "Hon Ton,"
"Royal Worcester" and "Adjusto" models reflect every detail
of authentic style and follow Uie health requirements of
every type of figure.
"CORSET ALTERATIONS FREE" That is the one, thing
that has helped in the great, growth of this department. All
Corsets are fitted by an expert Corsetiere and when altera
Uons are necessary to a perfect and comfortable fit, they tre
made without extra charge to the purchaser.
Royal Worcester Corsets
WE BELIEVE "Royal Worcester" the best inexpensive
corsets produced, but don't think of the price until you come
to see the Corsets themselves they are so different from
those that usually. sell at equally low prices. They'r? so :iucb
in common with higher priced Corsets, that it would be iairer
to them not to quote their prices here which range from
$1.25 up to $3.00 and include the new Elastic Top Model,
the Athletic and Dancing Corsets; front and back lace styles.
BON-TON Corsets
$3.50 to $10.00
WHEN A WOMAN expends $3.50
to $10 lor a Corset it is of extreme
importance that she should get a
strictly dependable garment, not only
as to s'--Ie. but absolutely dependable
in fit. comfort and service.
BON TON CORSETS assure fulfill
ment of all expectations. All sii.es
and a model for every figure. Mude
of Coutile. Broche and Silk Bro?aicsj
front and . back lace models, nedium
or low busts; short, medium or long
skirts.
Flannel Middys
$3.50 to $6.50 Colors, Green, Red,
White and Navy
MIDDY BLOUSES are in greater favor than ever for Autumn near, and
we are showing quite a large assortment. Of course, they are not made of '
cotton fabrics, but instead, they are fashioned of all-wool flannel of ex
ceptional quality and weight, in bright colors, including Militarie Blue, Navy.
Red, Kelly Green and White. In slip-over, or regulation Middys. and Coat
styles with large collars, big pockets and belts. Prices range from $3.50
upwards to $6.50.
. i
New Blouses Are Here
$7.50, $10.00 and $12.50
THE SECRET IS OUT the new Blouse styles are here. and. oh. such
pretty, dainty, lovely affairs. Blouses in new Autumn shades of light weight
silks, crepes. Georgette and Voiles. They are Innumerable, Incomparable,
unmatchable.
THERE ARE MAXY novel new collar effects, low necks, high necks. Mili
tarie Collars and Tailored styles with the new Jabot fronts; trimmings con
sist of hand-embroidery, laces, beading and fur. You can't imagine how de
lightfully new and original they are until you see them. Prices begin at
$7.50 and range upwards to $15. ,
Blouses at $3.95 and $5.95
of Crepe de Chine and Taffeta Silk
IF EVER THE WRITER WISHED that "Smart Blouses could be sent
straight to you, in order that they might tell their own advertising story. In
stead of trying to put it down in cold type he wishes it now.
Here are two groups of new Fall Blouses priced at $3.95 and $5.95. that
would tell you a story of style, quality and value that you would be unable
to resist for they are as new and as bright as the morning itself, of Crepe
de Chine in white, black, navy, maize and flesh, and soft Taffetas in rich
colored stripes.
To Greet You on Monday A Showing of All That
Is New In Autumn Millinery
Inter ireting the advanced decrees of Parisian stylists-And. side by side suffering not one whit by comparison are
creations trom New York's artistic originators. This season is to we the hand made hat a favorite with a marked tendency
toward t!;e draped crown.
IN THIS WONDERFUL DISPLAY THAT WILL BE READY FOR YOU MONDAY YOU'LL FIND EXHIBITED A
MOST COMPREHENSIVE GATHERING OF MODELS OF WHICH WE CAN GIVE YOU BUT A MERE HINT HERE. SOFT
CROWNS, SOME OF THEM DESIGNED TO GiVE THEir? WEARER THE EFFECT OF BEING EXTREMELY TALL
ERIMS f.OT REGULAR IN LINE OR WIDTH AND THE WOMAN WHO IS FOND OF HER BROAD-BRIMMED HAT IS
GOING TO HAVE A CHOICE OF MANY.
THE SO-CALLED "SAILOR" AND "MUSHROOM" SHAPES ARE TRAVELING ALMOST INCOGNITO. FOR THEY'VE
ENnithW NEW LINES AND ARE BIDDING FOR RENEWED POPULARITY THE CALL IS FOR TAUPE, MUNITIONS
CRAY, VARIOUS TONES OF PURPLE. MYRTLE. RAISIN. PLUM. TETE IE NIGRE MILITARIE BLUE AND NAVY.
LET US SHOW YOU THE WONDERFUL VALUE CONTAINED IX THESE GROUPS THAT HAVE BEEN TICKETED
$;;.yo, $.:;. $5.ui, $i;.iti upwards to $12.50.
tell them the whole truth. I am a
Maximalist anarchist. After that I
am sure that you won't want any fur j
ther Uc tails." j
The men went away delighted. They j
declared to the regiment that had sentj
them: "The General is absolutely nil j
right. He is so tremendously revolu j
tionary that we couldn't even rcincm !
ber the name that he said." I
Two soldiers had happened to speak
to a gVncral and one had used the
term, "Your excellency." as was the
custom before t'le revolution. The
other soldier afterwards rebuked his
companion for such a lapse from new
principles.
"You said 'Excellency.'"
"Well, of course, I said 'Excellen
cy. "
"But dont you know that now you
mustn't say 'Excellency?''
"And why mustn't we say 'Excellen
cy' any more?'
"What? Why? Because we have
made the revolution and now we are'
all free." 1
Tb" first soldier was silent for a!
minute, and then remarked:
"But since we are all free, we are!
free to say 'Excellency if we like to.'
The other soldier in turn reflected
for a minute and then declared: j
"That's true after all. The moment'
we are free we can do what we like
It's that, you see. that's so difficult!
to understand. But as that's really so,'
I am going to say 'Excellency- my-j
self." Then he added: I
"But, all the same, it won't be the'
same thing as before."
Ludovic Nadeau has found time to
sen! to the Temps some anecdotes
about events in Petrograd after the
great revolution:
In the early days of the revolution,
a strange looking street seller made
his up pea ranee on the Novsky Pros 1
pect. As he wore a scarlet cap. 4
crowd soon gathered. He, was offer
ing pit 111 till-'t s at fifty kopecks apiece
and could hardly hand t'l' in out fasi
enough. The natural inference wouh;
be luit the work treated of the revo
lution, but, as a maMcr of tart, it wa'
a History of Buddhism.' bough;
doubtless for a nominal sum as a pub
lislier's remainder. One soldier, lit
he carried away his bargain, was hearr'
to say: "I can't read, but lots of com
rades in the barracks can."
Before the revolution, people bathed
naked in the Neva, but outside th
town. Now they rc bathing, entire
ly stripped, within the town and wall,
about on tlie briiUts and quays In
tween t.'ie Iremh Hiid liritit-h embus
sies. Ti:e men of 17!):! were christen
'd "ans eulotle'' (without trouscrsi
the men of 11)17 are "sans calecon"
(without drawers).
The Petrogrud toldic-rs. anxious tc
I instruct themselves and occupy the
leisure that the revolution lias given
I them, are gre;it isitors to t.'ie 11111
; senilis. Their anit ly to iuxcstigati
1 everything leads them to pass tlnir
I hands over the pictures and caress
1 the statuary (often marking it wi'ii
their nails). Notices .have 1 11 pin
up b.'gging comrades to touch notli
: ing.
i The founder and curator of the Etli
1 nograpliic Museum, recounts that his
; staff tcare takers, cleaners, etc.) has
petitioned the government for the
suppression of his office, on t.'ie ground
that 1 curator is us. less in a museum,
that, lie does nothing, costs inon.'y. ami
is of 110 service, as they, who carry
keys, wield the leather brooms alij
' dean tile floors, are the real curators.
In a m innfai t t.v fee workmen in ;.
body wailed ml the engineers to lei!
t'lem that "the old order having pass
ed away, there mu.t lie no more slav
ery. Everyone must work in turn. So to s-'iow that it was a patriotic mailt
you w ill kindly some of you go down testation, but other had. "Long live
into the mines, and others fire Uie ! the government of Kicff!" "Ixng liv
the Ukraine!" "Long live indepene
cut little Russia!" "Ijng live the in
dependent Ukraine! ; Tl soMiers
belonged to the Pelrograd garrison
anil were natives of Little Russia.
"But what will vou do there- I '" "' rnruu-u
..-ri, ... ' , ! as soon as possible in the purely U1-
The sume as you sit around,! . . . ,
engines.
"And who will do our work?" ask
ed the engineers.
"Some of us will take turns in your
offices."
sharr.cn pencils, and
ettes."
smoke
ck-ar-
rainian army that is being formed
the south. No one interfered witU
their separatist demonstration.
On Sunday. July. S M. Naiidcau sa
a crowd moviag along the Nexsky!
Prosiuci. tarrying banners, half blue, j
half yellow, 'fiat's all right." said a'
middle-class citizen to him. "Uevolu 1
Great Faith ',n Chamberlain' Cclic
and Diarrhoea Remedy.
'haniberlain's Colic and Diarr'iVtca
tioiriry red seems to be going out o;Ketm-dy was used by my father rfbout
date." When the column had :iy , a year ago heu he had diasrhuc. It
proa-hed, it prmed to be composed j relie ed him immediately and by tak
almost entirely of soldiers, enough to ing three doses he was absolutely
form two or three regiments. Their, cured. He has great faith in thio
banners bore the inscription, "Long ' remedy." writes Mrs. H. H. Williams,
live the government!" which seemed Stanley, X. Y. Adv. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 2, 1917.
THREE
BASEBALL
NATIONALS
(By Review Leased Wire).
cut Defeat Pirates.
PITTSBURGH. Sept. 8. Chicago!
marken its last appearance here by de-
feating Pittsburgh. In the seventh '
with the score tied, Hendrix allowed !
the first two men to single and Vaughn ;
relieved him, rearms the side run-
,ess-
Score Py Innings R. II. Ei
wcago 4. iuu oiu 0316 11 1
Pittsburgh 000 020 0002 7
HAtinr T V a n n an1 ticin XTIi-
ler. Grimes and Fischer, Schmidt.
Teams Split Even.
BOSTON", Sept. 8. Boston won the
first game from Philadelphia in ten In
nings when Lavender issued twt bases
on balls, the second forcing; over the
winning run. Philadelphia staged a
two run rally in the ninth Inning of
the second and won.
First Game R. II. E.
Philadelphia . 010 010 010 03 6 2
Boston 000 000 111 1 4 8 2
Oeschger, Lavender and Adams;
Barnes and Tragresser, Meyers.
Second Game R. II. E.
Philadelphia ... 010 002 0025 10 0
uon iou liu wu 6 7 Z
Mayerand, KUlifer; Rudolph, Netif.
and Meyers.
Brookly at New York and St. Louis
at Cincinnati, rain.
HOW THEY STAND
American League.
Team: W L Per
Chicago 90 47 657
Boston 80 50 618
Cleveland 73 61 544
Detroit ... 67 66 504
New York 61 69 469
Washington 60 69 466
St. Louis 51 86 372
Philadelphia.... 47 81 367
National League.
Team : W
New York 82
Philadelphia "..72
St. Louis 71
Cincinnati 68
Chicago 67
Brooklyn GO
Boston 56
Pittsburgh 43
L
46
56
62
66
68
66
69
86
Pet
641
562
533
507
496
476
448
333
TAX LEVY FOR THE
ENSUING YEAR IS
ESTIMATED AT 2.14
Council Will Meet Monday
Night to Fix Levy, Official
ly. Auto Truck Purchased
Last Evening.
That the city tax rate for the en
suin? year will lie $2.14. seems as
sured from advance information ob
tainable from the city council. This
rate will, undoubtedly, be fixed at a
special meeting to be held Monday
evening, according to a decision of
U'ie body last evening.
Buys Auto Truck.
Bisbee purchased another, much
needed auto truck last evening. The
Bisbee Auto Co. w as awarded the con
tract of furnishing the vehicle. It
will be a Moreland, with a 114-inch
wheel base, a sevenfoot loading ca
pacity, and will cost the city $3490.
It will haul a two and
one-half tou
load.
An additional truck has been need
ed by the city Iftr some months, due
to increased work in several depart
ments. Particularly, the garbage end
of the sanitary department has been
in need of additional equipment and
the street department has also been
in need of a truck for months.
Would Pay Half.
Owing to the increased traffic on
the road which runs from Tombstone
canyon to Quality Hill, leaving the
former thoroughfare just west of fie
Doyle' House and due to the fact that
the board of education is now build-1
ing another school nearby, the couu-
cil voted last evening to pay nair tne
expense of building a retaining wall
In the gulch at that point. No provi
sion was made in the budget for the
wall but the council expressed itself
as willing to vote the expenditure in
view of the great improvement it
would effect in the neighborhood. The
cost of the project, estimated by the
city engineer, J. S. MrXeish, will ap
proximate $520.
New Tax Levy.
For purpose of officially fixing the
tax levy for the coming year the ci!y,tlie romng wimr hag 8UKgested re
council called a special meeting for , linqulshlllPnts in nmilerou8 directions
Mondcy evening, tl is estimated ti.at tnouKnt unnecessary. The nation's
the levy will be $2.14. a reduction of naturaI coal rPSOUrcC8 are virtually
30 cents from last year's levy, which inPxhlulRtirj,e but the shortage of
was $2.44. , nijner8 nas created acute stringency
According to the records of the city i am, fllo, now 8P(,n)(, , be givlnei
assessor the budget for the coming ,,, ,, rH
year is slightly lurger than for the
previous twelvemonth, but the prop
erty valuations and assessments in
creased largely during the past year.
In few cases, it might be explained,
was the assessment of property rais
ed. The greatest raises came from
stocks of merchandise and new build
ings and new residence property with
in the city limits.
RESULTS
AMERICANS
(By Review Leased Wire.)
Nans Shut Out
CHICAGO. Sept. 8. Chicago put all
its attacks in the tiiird inning and shut
out Cleveland. Cicotte allowed the
visitors only ftiur scattered hits. As
a result of todav's victorv Chioaeo
pained half a gpme on Boston and is
; leading the league bv 6 12 games. Bos-
ton was unable to play at Philadelphia
; on account of rain
More than 8,400,
1 ; soldiers and sailors were guests of
T-:.l m, -- : i i 1 '
eight military units were presented
baseball uniforms.
Score By limine R. H. E.
Cleveland 00 000 0000 4 1
Chicago 002 000 OOx 2 6 2
Bagby. Wood and O'Neill; Cicho.te
and Schalk.
Season's Record.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 8. Detroit and St.
Louis set a season's record when they
played nine innings in one hour and
five minutes with the score nothing to
to nothing. Cjbb won for Detroit in
the twelfth when he tripled and scored
on Veach's sacrifice fly. Dauss held
I St. Louis to one hit in nine innines. Al
, though Pratt and Lavan had $50,000
damage suits aeainst Owner Ball for
alleged slander both were in the line
up. Score By Innings R. H. E.
Detroit 000 000 000 0011 7 0
St. Louis .. O00 000 000 000 0 5 l
Dauss and Stanage; Groom and Sev-
eroid.
One Apiece.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 8. New York
and Washington again split a double-
header. Caldwell pitched in masterly
form in the opening contest and Ayres
duplicated his performance in winning
for the locals.
First Game -R. H. E.
New York 001 000 1002 8 0
Washington ... 000 000 000 0 5 1
Caldwell atad Alexander; Dumont,
Gallia, Craft and Ainsmith.
Second Game: R. H. E.
New York 000 000 000 0 5 1
Washington ... 010 001 lOx 3 8 0
Cuilop, Shocker and Alexander; Av
ers and Ainsmith.
Boston and Philadelphia, rain.
Coast Results
At Los Angeles:
San Francisco
Vernon
R. H. E.
4 8 1
3 6 1
Smith, Erickson and Stevens; Quinn
and Mo'jre.
At Salt Lake: R. H. E.
Portland 21 22 0
Salt Lake 1 6 5
Houck and Fisher. Lee; Kirmaycr,
Bernhardt and Hannah, Byler.
At San Francisco:
Los Angeles
Oakland
Brown and Bassler;
Milze.
r. h. e. I
c -ji ft !
0
Kremer
a At
Western League
At Omaha: R.-II. E.
Des Moinejiy 5 '9 0
Omaha 2-6 6
Kal'.ia and Spahr; O'Brien and Brot-
:em.
At Lincoln: R. H. E.
St. Joseph '. 4 7 0
Lincoln 1 5 3
Caspar and Crosby; East and Rohrer
At Witchita: R.H.E.
joplin 2 5 l
Wichita 1 5 3
Sanders and Monroe; Clemons, Ko-
estner and Rbbbins.
At Hutchison: K. H. K.
Denver, 6 15 2
Hutchison 7 9 0
Rook and Bartholomey; Wright,
Robertson, Graham and O'Brien.
American Association
Columbus, 4-6; Kansas City, 10-2.
Indianapolis, 0; St. Paul, 2. (Second
game postponed, darkness.)
L'juisville, 1; Minneapolis, 3.
Toledo, 1-0; Milwaukee, 0-2.
Southern Association
Birmingham, 4-2; Mobile, 1-1.
Chattanooga. 2-2; Little Rock, 1-0,
Atlanta. 5; New Orleans. 2.
Nashville, 22; Memphis. 0.
COAL IN GERMANY.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
BERLIN. Sent 7. The tiroblem Of
uniform anI)orlionment of coal for
The minps even under war condi-
lions would probably have produced
sufficient to supply the nation's do
mestic demands but obligatory ship
ments to neutral countries have made
heavy inroads upon the normal sup
plies. REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
0L0 TIMER LEAVES
THIS SECTION FOR
LpSJNGELES
Miles Wood, Resident of the
Southeast for Fifty Years,
Sells Ranch and Moves to
California with Family.
Miles L. Wood, who for 50 years
ha3 been a resident of Arizona, the
greater Dortion of which he has spent
ot rr,ttii lof Cnturrinv arnmnan.
ij .... mi-.. -,i-nA i... i
Judge Wood recently saild his ranch
to the Kennedy Brothers, the con
sideration being $23,500. The Wood
ranch at Bonita is a magnificent
property situated at the foot of the
Graham mountains, below the Indus
trial school, which was formerly
Fort Grant.
Few men. if any living, have had
a more varied experience during the
settlement of the southwest than
Judge Wood. Few men living have
a greater fund of personal reniinis
censes of frontier days; few men have
had a wider personal acquaintance
with the noted characters of early
times. He was intimately acquaint
ed with Cochise, Geronimo and other
Indian chiefs. His residence being
near Fort Grant, no man was In
closer touch with the military situa
tion or enjoyed a more intimate re
lation with the army officers sta
tionel there from time to time,
while that post was maintained.
Judge Wood has been a familiar
character in Arizona and especially
in this section. He has held various
offices of trust and confidence and
has always been regarded as a sub
stantial and esteemed citizen. His
large circle of friends, while regret
ting his removal, join in wishing
him a full measure of success and
contentment in his new invironment.
Judge Wood is well known to a
number of the residents of the War
ren District and is a personal friend
of Sheriff Wheeler, who made his
acquaintance while Sheriff Wheeler
was stationed at Fort Grant, and all
join in tre sentiments expressed in
the article from , the Willcox Range
News.
"TOPSY" SUPPLANTED
BY CHALMERS AUTO
Fire Chief Norton, Hereafter,
Will Go to Fires in the
"White Devil."
"Topsy," Fire Chief Norton's mare,
has just about finished her term of
office as a city official. She has
" ' : Jv . .
i-iienpi-in, ana sne is going 10 oe re-
v. m. v aisa iici iuiii a uusj into
i j ''.ng figured prominently in every
fire that has occurred in Bisbee, but
i - on the fire chief will answer calls
u tae "White Devil," and tne rieet
footed animal that performed her
work so well will be enpoying the
quiet and rest fulness of the range.
For a long time "Topsy" has car
ried the chief through the streets at
a break neck speed every time an
alarm was given, but recently the
"White Devil" put in his appearance,
and "Topsy" bowed before the more
powerful animal.
And the "White Devil" is the ani
mal, despite the fact that he is an
automobile. From the radiator which
cools the giant 45-horsepower Chal
mers engine, to the huge white tanks
moun'ed behind the driver's seat, th
"White Devil" looks all that his name
implies a beast incarnate. This car.
which belongs to S. L. Vukovich, a
fireman, has been stripped down and
tuned up until it resembles in ap
pearance and speed, a great racing
machine, and from now on the chief
will use it to make his runs. No
doubt it will prove most successful.
But at that, the ."White Devil" has
no easy task, for his predecessor,
"Topsy," made good on her job in a
most decided manner
As for the Devil, his first public
appearance will be announced by the
use he makes of his own horns They
aren't regular devil's horns, however.
One is an ordinary klaxon, and the
other a mighty siren. "And when
you hear that siden," the firemen say,
"it means the 'Devil' is in a hurry.
It's your cue to get out of the way."
STEAMSHIP EMBARGO.
By Review Leased wire)
GALVESTON. Texas, Sept. 8. Ef
fective Monday the Morgan Line will
re-establish embargo restrictions on
shipments destined for eastern poin's
via Galveston, it was announced to
day by H. M. Wilkins, general agent
for the company here. Two excep
tions are made copper and shipments
consigned to the government. All
government freight will move as us
ual. Lumber will be accepted when
the shipper makes special arrange
ments with the freight department.
Attention L. O. T. M.
All Lady Maccabees are requested
to be present, Monday, September 19.
1917. Business of special interest
to each member. By order of
ELIZA CAIN, Act. Com.
178
SPENDING FURLOUGH
WITH PARENTS FROM
William Moore Paying Short
Visit Here. States Other
Bisbee Boys Happy in the
Service.
William C. Moore, son of Mr. and
Mrs. Chas. C. Moore, is in the city
for a few days visiting wit hhis par
ents from his present headquarters
at the naval station at San Diego.
He was given a furlough until the 17.
He states that he has had a most
plwsant time since he enlisted In
the navy heie last May. He was sent
to El Paso and from there to San
Francisco where he remained for
about six weeks and was then trans
ferred to San Diego where he has
been stationed since. The present
stat'en at San Diego is at the fair
grounds and has been fixed up in
first class shape for naval training.
There are about 2.500 recruits ihere
at the present time and among them
are the following Bisbee boys: Fred
Rooney, Eric Corlisle, Ma Ashby
and Matthew Gricher. Most of the
other Bisbee boys are still at San
Francisco. John Gregovich is on the
Oregon cruising about the Pacific.
Tommy Hrant of Tombstone and J.
McCreary of Bisbee are at Honolulu,
He states that all of the boys are
more than pleased with their enlist-
ments and are sorry that they did
not enlist before.
"WOlfiHOBD" WILL
BE REPEATED TODAY
r;
d-jr ,
WOFfANUnnn
THE GLORY CT THE IWTWII
-A;'Ct jortc .K.YnaMr
VMAaiUAMiUwttf.yiu
"Womhood." the glory of a nation, i8trator of the estate of the above
yesterday and last evening played to of the above named decedent, will sell
capacity houses at the Orpheum and the undivided interest to! the estate of
today will appear for the last time. . tne aDove naraed decedent in that cer
The management of the theatre has tain clalm known as tlle XIGHT
arranged for matinee and evening per- HAWK, being a patented lode mining
formances.
Alice Joyce, Harry Morey are featur-
ed in this picture, aided by an all-1
star cast of players. It features a
patriotic subject, which is admirably
treated fi'jm every standpoint. The
story deals with a present day prob-
em, inai oi war ana amy.
"fiHFFRFIII filVFRS"
AT PCKITDAI TUCATDC
A I ULll I ilAL I iIlA I ilL
i
j
"Cheerful Givers" is the title of the
picture being shown at the Central to-1
day, and which will be run at the Eagle
on Monday and Tuesday.
When the orphanage In the little vil
lage presided over by Parson Deady
becomes bankrupt, the children are
farmed out to different families. A
wealthy woman offers to take one of
the boys, but as there is boy, Judith
Deady , played by Bessie Love, as
sumes the role and accepts the offer.
Her secret is discovered, but she be
comes one of the household neverthe-
less. How she awakens the love and j
arouses the manhood in the molly-
coddle s'on of her patroness is the
theme of this splendid play of country
life.
TheMonday show at the Central will i
be Charles Chaplin in "The Immi
grant" and a picture called the "Land
of Long Shadows" a story of the
northwest full of thrills and action.
r
Business Men and Firms Non-Members of
Citize Protective League
Tate & Critchley
Henry Waters
Western Vulcanizing Co.
Standard Bottling Wks.
Tyrol Store
California Bakery
Little Wonder Chili Stand
Jno. Lukd
Lowell Cash Store
Lowell Coal & Wood
Jno. F. MacGregor, Lowell
A. F. Maran
National Groc. Co.
Los Angeles Groc.
Max Scharlln
Bob Cochran
Elite Dye Works
Jno. Bugan & Co,
Forum Cafe
Sugich & Meletanovlch
Blunt & Blunt
Geo. Branson
UP FROM NACO.
i Captain Fred Williamson of the
' First Arizona infantry was in the city
yesterday on a short visit. He states
; that on definite time has been fixed
for the regiment to leave Naco, but
the general impression now is that
lit will be wi luu the next 10 days or
' two weeks.
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3279.. Serial No.
035119. United States Land Office,
Phcenix, Arizona, August 31, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Alfred
Paul, whore postoffice address is
Douglas, Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the following nar.if d
lode mining claim, situate in the War
ren Mining District, Cochise County,
Arizona:
"Don Miguel No. 7"
Beginning at C'jrner No. 1 the South
east Corner, whence the Corner to Sec
'ions 25 and 36. Township 23 South.
Range 24 East and Sections 30 and 31.
Township 23 South, Range 25 East. G.
& S. R. B. & M. bears South 77 12'
West 443.9 feet; thence North 76 05'
West 807.80 feet along line 1-2 Surve
No.-195S Puzzle lode to .Corner Vj. 2;
the Southwest Corner; thence North
4 43' 30- West 599.30 feet along iines
1-6 and 2-3 of survey No. 1958 Pied
mont and Puzzle lodes, respectively
to Corner No. 3; thence North 58 52'
West 385.80 feet to Corner No. 4;
thence South 76 41' East 341.20 feet
along line 4-5, Survey No. 1958 Puzzle
lode to Corner No. 5; thence South 76
05' East 403.90 feet along line 5-6 Sur-
vey M). 1958, Puzzle lode to Corner No.
6 the Northeast Corner; thence S'aiith
28 20' East 926.30 feet to Corner No.
1 the place of beginning; containing
a total arear of 10.079 acres. The pro
sumed course of the vein on this claim
is from the North end center South
28 20' 926.3 feet
The location n'otice of said claim is
recorded in the office of the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
"Don Miguel No. 7" Book 54 Record
of Mines page 409.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: "On the North "Bet of All" lode;
on the South, "Bisbee Queen" lode; on
on the East "Arizona" and "Monto
Cari'j" lodes; on the West "Piedmont"
lode.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
NOTICE OF SALE.
In the Superior Court of the State
Arizona, in and for the Ctmnty
Cochise.
of
of
In the matter of the Estate of Pearce !
, J. Murphy, sometimes known as Pierce
J. Murphy, deceased. Notice is herc
bv eiven that the undersiened. ad nun
claim in the Warren Mining District,
Cochise Countv. Arizona, deslcnated
by the Surveyor General of Arizona as j
Mineral Survev No. 1578. beine the in-!
terest of saId decedent in and to said !
ciaim under the ternis .jf a certain I
agreement of date March 2, 1905, be- j
; tween said decedent and one M. J. Bro-
i phy. a copy of which said agreement
j is attached to the petition for order of
i sale herein, and under a certain mesne
conveyance from H. R. Haninger by
wnich the ,eRal title t0 said undivided i
interest is now held by one M. J. Bro-
phy as security for the repayment to
said Brophy of the sum of $6S3.85. '
with interest from March 2, 1905, at '
the rate of 12 per cent per annum, all i
of which is more specifically set forth
in the petition for order of sale filed
herein. Said sale will be made on or
after the 20;h day of September, 1917.
Offers or bids for said property will be
received by said administrator person
ally at his place of business in the Of
fice of L. J. Overlock, Broker, in the
Muheim Block, Bisbee, Arizona.
All bids or offers must be in writing.
The sale will be for cash and said sale
will convey all of the title of said de- j
cedent at the time of his death and
that afterwards acquired by his estate,
free from mortgage or lien of any kind,
The administrator reserves the right
to reject all bids.
P. H. FITZ PATRICK.
Administrarbr of the estate of the
above named decedent.
Dated. Bisbee, Arizona. August 30,
1917.
Shideler Auto Service
Frank Brlggs
Quick Service Cafe
G. S. Routh
Rudoph Ward & McKinney
So. Bisbee Store
Ariz. Junk Co.
0x Co.
R. Davis
Edwards Realty Co.
French Dry Cleaners
O. S. French
Goetiens & Powers
Triangle Barber Shop
Mack Herzfeld
Racket Store
Elite Cleaners
American Grocery
J. A. Poppe
O. K. Restaurant
Harry Crawford
Advertisement
Business and Professional Members of
Citizens Protective League
I.ank of Bisbee, by M. J. Cunning
ham, Cashier
Standard I'urn. Co.
Hood Bledsoe
C. W. Ruth
Ellinwood & Ross
P. W. Buck waiter
John Angius
J. R. Henderson
Frnnkcnber? Hro. & Newman
.Citizens' Bank & Trust Co., by C.
A. McDonald, Cashier
Pheli Dode Merc. Co.. by W. H.
Brophy. G-n. Mgr.
Arizona Ins Arcr.cy. bv M. J. Cnn-
ninnm. S- -j. and Treas.
J. M. McGrornr
Collins & Bretherton
B'sboe Auto Co., by J. J. Bo wen
E. T. Ror.ntree
Cochise Motor Co.. by Simmons
Jas. P. Downs
Reynnl'ls M-isie and Gift Shop. Mrs.
F R.. Reynolds
Robert Sasse
3. r. White
M. J Brophy
The Miners' Store, by Ralph Brown
Buxton Smith Co.. by B. L. Smith
Pisbee Daily Review
Bisbee Lumber Co., E. Marks
Geo. D. Craig
Bisbee Improvement Co.. by C. 3.
Thompson
John M. Jonnson
Bank of T.oweIl, by J. M. Lyons,
Asst. Cashier
Brophy Gar. Snp. Co.
Purity Drug Co.
J. S. Douglas
I.. R. Bailey
Miners & Merchants' Tsar.k, hj Pi
. Cuckwalter, Cashier
J. B. Angius, by John Angius
nenaerson t uaiKins Lor. i o. i
Palace Grocery Co.. by George Med
lgovlch
Gu? Hickey Co.
W. H. Brophy
W. E. Hankin
Treus Meat Market
Schwartz Bros. Co.
Arizona Gro. Co.
Watkins & Berquist
Stewart Jk Rountree
C. II. Philhrook
Bisbee Dye Works
Palace End. Co.. by W. O. Hubbard
fl'an & Seed, by Hogan
Norris Art Studio, Mrs. Non-ls
Welbourne & Dodda
H. S. Hillman
J. M. Ball. Druggist
S. A. Coco
I. W. Wallace
Sam H. Kyle
Bisbee Drug Co.. by P. L.
L. J. Overlock
Francis E. Shine
I.ouis G. Sena
Depot Market.
O. K. Liv. & End. Co.
Pishee Fuel & Feed Co.
Central Pharmacy
J. C. Leroy
The Imperial, by Wm. McGlynn
Oueen Laundry
Gibson-I'ines Lumber Co.
Bruce Perley
D. C. Minton
Michael Keane
S. Grart
J. H. Crant I
Cochise Lumber Co. I
Mainland ft Williams
Lowell Drug Co. j
CUrkson ft Roberts
Southern Arizona Fnrn. Co. '
Long Trail Garage, by Frank Mar
tin. Busy Bee Cafe
Chile King Restaurant
Presto Lunch
W. Mnfr
L. A. Brown
Chas. Cunningham
J. E. Curry
A Valjean
Fred T. Bragonler
J. G. Potts
Thorlelf Olson
Dr. C. II. Bowker
Woolworth Co.. by U TI. Bovee
Progressive Amusement Co.
Lyric Theater
Harry Sealey
Copper Queen Hotel, by H. Poppen
Central Theater, by E. V. Tracy
J. U Powell
M. C. High
English Kitchen
Dix Studio
I. C. E. Adams
J. E. Brophy. Agent Texas Co.
C. A. Novice. Mgr. J. C. Penny Co.
Lowell Bakery
Peter Seegar
M:ners" Groc.. by I.ce Jovanovich
I-otiman ft Wright
D. W. Art
Chas. Sclrilte. Mgr. City Dye Wks.
T. A. Hughes
Wiles & Greeley
Powell & Yelderton
Kern & Kehoe
F. N. Lacy
W. S. Mlze
A. Raraick
C. Rosenharger
Antler Hotel
Frank Morrelles
City Hand Ijiundry
Dr. G. H. Fitzgerald
Dr. C. L. Edmundson
Geo. E. Howard
Chas. P. Pers
Colorado House, by T.ee J. Oliver
Myrs, Darling ft Hinton Co.
Park Cafe, by C. V. Relffel
Standard Laundry
John Twomey
City Bakery
B. F. Millard
R. Cherna
Lloyd L. Gilman
Arthur Not man
Copper Queen Cons. Mng. Co., fcr
G. II. Dowell
J. II Verfurth -J.
C. Ryan
P. J. Meenan
Warren Ranch, by H. Nowell
Bisbee Naco Water Co.
Johnson Add. Fur. Co,
Brophy Carriage Co., by J. B.
Brophy
Gus L'aigler
r'hbee ribg. lit. Co.
E. B. Wallace
U McWhorter
Thos. A. Whitehead
Lee Jnnovich
Warren Laundry Co.
A. R. Miller
Jnmes Sena
Johnson Meat Co.
J. S. McNelsh
Edw. J. Flanigan
Cleon T. Knapp
C. II Vail
C. II. Hunt
Thos. Watkins
T. II. J. Heidi
Ezra B. Rider
M. C. Benton
Marry a. ti
S J. J. Whit
fj Martin Eit
JLc. & A. C,
Harry A. Reese
hite
ting
Copper Co.
Warren Street Ry.
Lem Shattuck
W. P. Slmms 1
Mark P. John
tC. R. Winstead
U II. Bovee
E. Morgan
Quality Tailors, by W. A. Douglass
McWhorters, by L. McW.
lohn Caretto
Brown & Dickstein
E. A. Tovrea & Co.
V. M. Johnson
Mason Market
Thomas P.lair
M. D. Cohen
E. P. Dupen
Williilm A CTamiran h P! 1
1 Flanigan
Smith & Ziesemer, by R A. Ziese-
mer
lenzales & Tuen
Jeorge A. Bridge
. C. Bledsoe
'.Via. Eitlng
r. J. Quill
I. Cochran
'J. B. Klepper
J. C. Kriegbaum
Vathansos &. Marcellus
fl'.V. J. McGregor
.'"red Johnson
,'Kugene Stevens
V. W. Robertson
1. Kobey Shoe & Tailoring Co.
Superior Ice Cream Co.
W. E. Irwin
:tobert Ilennessy
Lyric Confectionery
ll'WMte H
WMte House Cafe
Jacobs
Norton
r tl I. F. Sincli
M j ?hris Vuki
t J. I'. Steff,
lair
ukasovich
ffes
N'ew State Cash Stor
l. Levin
Jco. R. Taylor
3. Morganstein
R. O. Owens
T. Moss
I'Jnde Jim. by Jas. Finney, Jr.
I Dr. A. Edward Roome
, J?C. A. Novis
; Warner Dining Room
"french Kitchen
J Brewery Gulch Restaurant
I City Blacksmith
- 1 Dr. J. F. Teufert
1 ur.
Wa
H.
I liU
arner Hotel
Hayes
iabee Ore
W. H. Anderson
Standard Oil Co., by J. J. Sparks,
Agt.
Odeon Cafe, by Jno. Miller
T. F. Met
Lowell Hotel, by H. L. Thomas
Orient Pool Hall, by R. J. Hoff-
meyer
Dr. O. W. Brandon
S. K. Williams
Alex Murray
J. D. Taylor
Fred Sutter
Geo. V. Bell
Johnson Hotel
Sanitary Bakery
Orpheum Cigar Stand, by O. N.
Jones
D. F. Stetson
CAss. W. Keirsey
L E. Dean
Golden Ho'el
Western Union Tel. Co., by R N.
Henderson, Mgr.
San Jose Rooming House, by J. W
King
J. P. Chlado
Chas. Clausen
Pat Cleary
Fred Johnson
G. H. Newberry
Carl Clausen
Letson Hotel, by Oscar Lesvltt
James Van Horn
Lowell Motor Co.
Ozark House, by B. Clemens
Lowell Motor Co., J. O. Main
Stag Club, by D. J. Kennedy
H. E. Wcotton
Goodyear Shoe SJiop
Electric Shoe Shop
J. Randell
Sanitary Dairy
Crittenden Transfer Co.
Advertisement. . , THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 9, 1917.
FOUR
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
Stale Consolidated Publishing Company
Member of tbe Associated Press The Associated
Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication
of all news credited to it or not otherwise credited In
this paper and also the local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches hereiu
are also reserved.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
ntrd as Siond Class Mall Matter at Bisbee, Arizona.
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Parable In Advance:
PFR MONTH
THREE MONTHS -2i
SIX MONTHS 4-W'
TWELVE MONTHS 7-
SUNUAV (Our Weekly) per year 2.5'
iWCOAY ,Our Weekly) per quarter V-
Nt Subscription Taken For Leaa Than 75 Centa.
PHONE NO. 39
Review subscribers not recelvlna a copy of The Bib
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will c " promptly by
pedal Western Union Messenger by telephoning tlir
Circulation Department. No. 39. The Review will ecn
alder it a favor If the Irregularity of delivery I reporter
to the Circulation Department. .The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Sunday Morning, September 9, 1917.
Bisbee citizens generally and Bisbee housewives In
particular have shown themselves good sports In the
matter of the six o'clock Saturday closing rule, now in
effect We are all playing the game of life with each
other at the world's table. It is a short, sharp, stiff
game at best Let us play it as fair and fine as we
may. Help the other fellow all you can. The Lord
never intended a man or woman to work all week
and then work Saturday night. If only a matter of
our convenience or inconvenience is keeping clerks at
the counter Saturday night, why, by all means, let
them lock their doors and go out and play.
It now seems to be a pretty well accepted fact on
the part of all the allies except Russia that the Hohen
zollerns have got to come down before there is peace.
Good! But that means that they will have to beat
the Huns on, the battlefield, drive them back across
the Rhine' and then smafh them again. For, In sp'.te
of all the talk about tbe kaiser being a warlord and
responsible for the war, there were a lot f people in
Germany that shouted and sang and hung out flags
when the Teuton troops set out for Belgium on their
campaign of murder, ransom and tiestruction. And
there are a lot of people in Germany right now talk
ing about indemnities and the holding of conquered
territory.
The capture of Riga by the Germans was not a mil
itary exploit, nor was it a victory in any sense of the
word, but it is being as such ia the flotation of the
seventh German war loan. It was a victory that has
great moral advantages, if not material ones. Pressed
to the uttermost upon every battle front and calling
upon every ounce of resistance they can muster to
hold, their own, the German staff may well shout as
loud as they can about the victory over the cowardly
and disorganized Russians -at Riga. As a result of
the fall of this great Baltic port, Jap and Chinese sol
diers may be seen upon the eastern front next sum-
Two million men are in training in Japan right
A Jap army of a half million upon the Russian
nier.
now.
front next summer will mean disaster for Germany,
for she will have to fight her best there against real
foes and still try to hold the west against the British,
the French and the Americans. Germany's only hope
is to bamboozle or bluff her enemies into peace this
winter, and she is leaving nothing undone to accom
plish this end. If all will stand firm on the righteous
proposition there can be no peace until Germany is
beaten in the field, the sacrifices already made will
not have been made in vain.
WHEELER THE PATRIOT.
(Tucson Star.)
When the federal government Wednesday made an
organized, nation-wide raid on the I. W. W. it was fol
lowing in the footsteps of Harry Wheeler, sheriff of
Cochise county.
The determination at which Wheeler arrived, alone,
has been adopted by the government of the United
States of America. Instead of being simply a sheriff
of a county in a state that fringes the far southwes
border. Harry Wheeler is entitled to be considered at
one of the chief figures of the war in America to dale.
Before the government is done with the I. W. W.,
Wheeler will 1e regarded as a patriot of the class of
the organizer of the Boston tea party, or the leader of
the patriots at Lexington, or John Taulding, David
Williams, and Isaac Van Wart, the three patriots who
captured Andre. Benedict Arnold's evil genius.
Wheelers name is known in every state in the Uni
ted States; his work has even been praised in hc
press of the capitals of our allies. When the shouting
of tlie agitator patifuit. spy and traitor has been
put 'down. Wheeler will he given full credit for his
clear thinking and his jswirt action. He has done
more than any other one man or official in the United
States to arouse the country to the menace or disrup
tne treason.
If the sun is the tabernacle of the Lord, then is
Arizona a very temple in the desert, for the sun shines
brighter here than in most places upon the earth. Our
sunkissed morns are a miracle and our sunsets past
description. It all seems to be a part of the Master's
plan. For every recompense there is a handicap. His
law of balances is immutable.
The sun, which David declared was His tabernacle,
decides the ease and hardship, the joy and sorrow, or
every nation.
In the tropics the sun is lavish with its gifts. Beau
tiful flowers and abundant fruits are there. But also
there is sickness and deadly vapors and steaming jun
gles and every species of poisonous insect and reptile,
all enemies of man. And worse than these is the las
situde and the languor and the weak minds and bodies
of tropic peoples.
In the north country the sun Is pale and cold. It
sets the feet of these people to a hard road and refuses
to help them in their sowing and their reaping. But
its cold rays have nerved them to great efrort. They
are hardy and strong and strung tense to a great re
solve. They build mightily and for all time.
In the temperate zones the sun is fickle like a maid.
She smiles one day and frowns the next Her people
petition for rain in one season and '-tor fair skies in
another. Often she denies their prayers. But year in
and year out she maintains an average that is In ac
cord with the scheme of the universe.
Here in Arizona we look at the bare, brown earth
the speckled desert sands and the gallant efrorts of
the mesquite bloom and wonder why these things are
eo. But if we will only look upward we will see that
the Lord hath set a tabernacle in the skies. From no
where else can one see Buch an entrancing blue or
spotless white or so many shades of pink and yellow
and red and lavendar and purple. All the flower gard
ens of all the worW look dull and dowdy beside the
hue of the Arizona skies.
It says in the Psalm that the earth, with Its trees
and lakes and 'grass and flowers, declare the handi
work of God, but the heavens declare His glory. And
this glory is before our eyes day by day. In other
states and climes the eyes of men are drawn easily
from the pale, monotonous, washed out skies to the
beauty of leaf and water and grass and bloom. "How
fine and grand it all is." they exclaim. "How we pity
those poor people of the mountain peaks and the desert
sands; no trees, no flowers, no laughing waters, r.o
vistas of beauty."
But God has declared His glory unto us. His taber
nacle blazes in our skies. The compelling beauty af
it all more than compensates for the transient hlocm
and the fitful green of other lands. The spell of the
desert that we feel and cannot understand is the pres
ence of God, hallowing the silent places, stealing forth
from His tabernacle in the skies that His beneficence
hath placed in flaming splendor above us to compen
safe for the absence of His handiwork upon the earth.
The Master's scales weigh to a hair. For every
homely face he has given a brave heart. For every
day of toil he has given a night of sleep most sweet.
For every laughing bay of blue and beauty there is a
winter tempest For every Eden a serpent. For every
desert an oasis. For every life a death. And for ev
ery death a life beyond the grave.
There is nothing hid from the heat or the sun, de
clared the inspired song of the psalmist. More pe
pie die from heat and sunstroke in New York and Illi
nois than in Arizona. Pneumonia claims as many vic
tims In this southern desert as it does In the bitter
clime of Michigan away to the northward. The Mas
ter's scales are immutable. Nothing is hid from His
tabernacle. Its rays bring equal joy and equal sorrow
to the children of men the world over every year. f
Look upward, children of the desort. for joy ronit'th
rrom above. You are fortunate. Indeed. Bright and
clear is the glance of those who look towards high and
distant places. Beyond are the gates of the Eternal
City. Mayhap it will be given to you to see them first
because you have lived closer to God in the d-sert
than you would had your dwelling place been in the
cities built by men.
SUNDAY MORNING SERMON.
"The heavens declare the glory of God;
And the earth showeth His handiwork.
In them He hath set a tabernacle for the sun.
Which is as a bridegroom coming out of his
chamber.
And rejoiceth as a strong man to run his
course.
His going forth Is from the end of the heavens;
And his circuit unto the end of it;
And there is nothing hid from his heat
Psalms 19:1, 4, 5, 6.
"We had a bigger business today than we have had
any Saturday for three months," said a Bisbee merch
ant to the Review editor last night. And the state
ment is presented herewith to our readers as the
best editorial that has appeared in these columns for
many moons.
The first week of the first tall month hits already
gone. Fall business Is knocking at our , door. The
summer heat has passed. Autumn brings us new en
ergy and courage to prepare tor the winter. The days
are getting shorter and there is much to do. Look up
ward and press rorward, for this is the best and big
gest fall in the history ot the district.
! Gems From the
' News Field '
WILSON'S NOTE HAS
PROFOUND EFFECT
ON ENGLISH SOCIALISTS
President Wilson's note has creat
ed a profound impression on the Brit
ish socialist groups which have been
conferring on the question of sending
delegates to Stockholm to discuss
peace by negotiations.
Although Arthur Henderson, the
labor leader, and many others, declin
ed to express their opinion, on the
ground that they had not had time to
digest the note, all were deeply inter
ested. Even the extreme pacifists
were not willing to express disappro
val of it. George James Wardle, la
bor member of the commons, said
President Wilson had taken a very
high ground "the only reasonable
grounds on which the future peace ot
the world can be guaranteed."
Can Be No Peace With Autocracy.
He added: "Until the German peo
ple are prepared to disown the govern
ment under which they live there arp
little prospects of any peace which
will not be a mere preparation for
another and worse war."
James Ramsay MacDonald, socialist
and labor member of parliament, said
President Wilson ought to see that
by some conference such as that at
Stockholm the German people could
be directly approached, otherwise the
allied governments would simply
speak to the German people at long
distance and in words which they
would regard, rightly or wrongly, a;
a menace, and that the German peo
pie would continue to identify them
selves with their rulers.
"President Wilson's position," he
added, "then means a war of attrition
in a most horrible devastating form."
Socialist Say Pope is Unmasked.
Henry M. Hyndman, leader of tht
British socialists, characterized the
note as "an extremely powerful, digni
fied and permanent document," ad
ding, "It shows clearly that President
Wilson has no delusions whatsoever
as to the real meaning of the pope's
pronouncements. If carried out the
pope"'s proposal would enable Ger
many, at some future time, when the
people are again lulled to sleep, to re
new its attempts to dominate world
freedom." '
BREAD-SICKNESS
PREVAILS IN GERMANY
Official admission has been made
in Germany that owing to the very bai:
bread, epidemic bread sickness is
prevalent in many places.
The present war bread becomes bad
very rapidly during hot weather, and
becomes infested with what is callec
hay or potato bacteria. The people
are officially informed that the besi
way to prevent the bread going bail
is to "wrap it in linen and hang it up
as used to be done with ham" of hap
py memory.
The German autiiorities are much
concerned about the harvest, and it h
impossible to avoid the conclusion
that tie prospects are not so brigh.
as was anticipated. Early vegetables
have been more of a mirage than a
reality, and the quantities which ap
peared on the town and city markets
have been so small as to be almost
negligible. The same may be said o.
fruit, very little of which found ft
way to the shops and markets. Grow
ers held it up, and disposed of it a
high prices to those who cared to come
and fetch it. Potatoes are still beinf
dealt out in quantities of two or thre.
pounds weekly.
Most of the schools have been close,
to allow the children to work in the
fields, where they are joined by stu
dents from the colleges an duniversi
ties. The heavier work Is done almos
entirely by women, hut It is greatly
hampered by lark of machines anr.
draught animals. Large numbers of
cows are being used instead of horse:
and oxen.
WOMAN INVENTS NEW
DYE FROM LEAVES
Not nil of the credit for putting the
American dyestuff industry on a self
sustaining basis, free from German
domiuhtion. belongs to masculine
credit. A Northern New York wo
man, Mrs. Edith O'Neil MacDonald.
has invented n natunil dye pronounc
ed by government and textile expert.
to be i racticable for coloring fabric?
and otl.er products, and the United
State patent office recently issuer!
her a patent.
"I canvassed the wants of Americi'
as set f Till in the newspapers and de
eirled that dye shortage was the most
acute Kit uat inn and the most probable
field or discovery." she said. "I ad
justed my mental focus on the dy.
Held. I looked nt everything throm;!
colored glasses, so to seak. I rem!
newspapers, magazines and technics1
journals and searched immediate s:ir
roundir.gs Tor something that look"d
like dye.
"Then came a windstorm that tore
all the leaes from the trees. Kol
lowing 'it a continued rain f-oturateil
them and glued them to the cement
walks. Finally the sun dried them
I and breezes blew them into corners,
j but they left leaf prints on the walks.
! 1 gathered an armful of leaves and in
j twenty four hours I had an array of
tints of gold that rivaled the. sun
shinegold that would neither boil
out, wash out, nor fade out, though I
tried it in weeks of sunlight I com
municated with Dr. Thomas H. Nor
ton, tl.e United States dye expert,
whos" opinion is the last word in dye
matters. Under his tutelage I finally
finished a demonstration .that con
tains fvery possible shade rrom gold
to seal brown, and even grays and
taupe. Besides being cheap and plen
tiful, the new dye is inexhaustible.
The leaves rormed an annual crop
without destruction, as would be the;
case with the use or an exhaustible
product like bark, roots or coal tar.'
OKLAHOMANS WANT
GORE TO GET OUT
A survey or more than 200 papers
or Oklahoma, large dailies and small
country weeklies, discloses approxi
mately .75 per cent of the voters of
the state, repudiate the anti-administration
and obstructional stand takea
by Thomas P. Gore, the blind senator
from Oklahoma, now serving his sec
ond term. This comment was brought
out during the past week by the send
ing of more than twenty telegrams
rrom various parts or the state, de
manding the resignation or the junior
senator.
"Fight or get out," is the sentiment
that has been conveyed. Or 225 Ok
lahoma papers examined by the Daily
Oklahoman, 112 are openly criticis
ing the senator. 108 either carry no
editorials or avoid discussion or the
subject and only five make an efrort
to apologize for his course. None or
them is supporting him.
Many or his staunc.hest supporters,
both in the political and newspaper
arena, have joined the ranks or his
critics, the survey discloses.
The charge made is in one paper
that Senator Gore's attitude on the
draft, which he opposed, was directly
responsible ror the uprising among
tenant rarmers and the more or less
Ignorant working classes, early in
August.
NINE LOCOMOTIVES
ARE MANUFACTURED
DAILY AT BALDWIN'S
Nin3 locomotives in a day is the
new record achieved this week by the
Baldwin locomotive works at Philadel
phia. The company is devoting the
entire capacity or its engine millding
plants to turning out locomotives or
the Urge type, most or them ror war
use, snd 25,000 men are employed.
All locomotive building records
have been broken by the achievements
or the past rew weeks. Only two
years ago the concern pointed w-ith
pride to its record or thjrty Iocot-p-tives
a month. In the next rew
months, going at the present rate, it
is expected that more than 225 a
montli will be turned out. These are
all laigo engines ot the consolidated
type.
The company be'sn lis speeding
late in July when it started Its con
tract to turnish 150 locomotives to the
government ror use in France. Each
weighs 275,000 pounds and costs $42.
000. The first one was built in 20
days, and after that they were deliv
ered at the rate of four a day. The
government order or 150 locomotives
will be delivered by October 1 and
recently It was announced that the
entire lote or 764 locomotives needed
in France will be built by the Bald
win works.
BUY MILLION BUSHELS
POTATOES TO SELL
NEXT YEAR AT COST
Plans for purchasing and storing
in Chicago one million bushels of po
tatoes for use after January 1. were
started today by the Middle Western
section or the national food adminis
tration. The potatoes are to be sold
to consumers at cost, the price to be
flxed after all expenses, including in
terest on the capital required to fl
nance the deal have been determined.
According to the plans, the working
capital for starting the project will
be advsnced in the torm of a loan by
the city of Chicago, the sum neces
sary to make the first purchase to
pay freight being estimated at $200.
000. The federal reserve board already
has approved a plan by which ware
bouse receipts on potatoes stored un
der certain specified conditions may
be used for collateral for loans at
federal reserve banks. After the first
lot ha3 been purchased and safely
stored away a loan may be made on
the warehouse receipts and more p--
tatoc bought. The process couM
then be repeated until the entire mil
lion bushels is in storage.
SOMEWHERE NOWHERE.
All the ways that lead to Somewhere
Echo with hurrying feet
Of the Struggling and the Striving
But the way I find so sweet
Bids me dream and bids me linger.
Joy and beauty are its goal
On the patli that leads to Nowhere
I have sometimes found my soul!
Corinne R. Robinson in Scribner'3.
"Caio lost th election Tor praetor
mid that of consul, but is anyone
blind enough to truth to imagine that
these reverses reflected any disgrace
upon himS The dignity or these two
magistracies would have been en
hanced by his bearing them. They
s-ull-r-d! Not Cato:-'
AS MAN
WHEN THE SUNSET
TURNS THE DESERT
GRAY TO GOLD!
Ever since he has been in this coun-
try tho newspaper man has ravel
about the beauty of what he was
pleased to call the Arizona sunsets,
but tbe tact is, he had never seen one
until the other night. What he had
viewed with so much admiration and
wonder had been merely the going
down of the sun. Driving down to Os
borne the other evening he witnessed
a real Arizona sunset in all its splen
dor and nnapproaching glory.-
And the voice of the shouter is
dumb. To attempt to describe it
would be silly.
Other suns. In other climes wherein
the newspaper man used to dwell, sim
ply went to bed, by sliding down out
of sight on the horizon. But this Ari
zona sun, berore it retires for the
night, stops to lean out of tbe win
dow and blow a good night kiss to the
world. Its last glance laces all the
clouds with flame, and then as it
Slowly withdraws from the window ot
the skies, these clouds sigh and
change tints so fast and so many
times that the onlooker is awed, yea,
he bows his head as one who stands
before a miracle.
Not the slightest chance of the
newspaper man being so foolish as to
try ;o tell about these tints and colors.
He simply cannot do it. They are
nameless to him, for he never saw
them before. He had thought, in his
simplicity, there were four or rive
rhades of red. That evening he saw
a hundred in the western sky. He
saw the flame traced roofs of old pa
godas and moorish towers and French
castles, all limned and lacuered in a
sea of red. and there were blue anc
purple islands floating just above it
Somehow the Lord's balances are
always Just. To some lands be gives
the leary screen and flowery dells
and flowing streams and the bluegrass
bloom. To Arizona he gave the de
sert sands and the canyons that open
like wolltraps snd the cactus thorns
and the rough ridges of starK rocK,
and as a recompense He also gave
the sunsets that turn the desert gray
to gold.
The newspaper man turned his pa
tient flivver around and jogged home,
his head was bent in reverence and
his heart was humble. He had seen
the glory of the Lord in the skies anf
the nirmory of It he will carry with
him, even to the darkness of the dead
line that marks the end.
AT LAST! STRAINS OF
AN OLD SONG DRIVE
RAGTIME TUNES AWAY
Many neighbors in many towns
have made many noises to vex the
ears ol the newspaper man. He has
heard the cry of children next door;
In the small hours of the night; abo
the wail or the neighbor's cat and the
howl of the neighbor's dog. He has
heard his neighbor fall down the
stair3 and crank a one-lung car with
the muffler gone. He has heard the
vlctrola across the street as it wheez
ed through a one-step and rasped out
a march. All the sounds known to a;
German grand opera or an Irish wake
or a .keg party or a congress of the,
Daughters or the Revolution hath he
known. !
But the worst or all was when the
ragtime picker picked the notes of
the piano like kernels'or corn and cast
them forth to make the ordinary mor-.
tal want to murder the man that
vented the instrument.
in-
-In every neighborhood that thr
newspaper man has ever known were'
two or three pianos devoted exrlu-!
sively to the ragtime art. The daugh-;
ter or the house generally commits
the crime. Pickety pick, blimity
hlim. hickelty hick, plunkety plunkety-j
plunk! And then, ta-ta tumty-tumtr
turn, ting altng-ty-tlng! And her bea'i'
comes, and her friend and her friend V
beau, and then the angels of rom pas
sion weep while they peck and poke
and pick and prod the long suffering :
piano. I
'Tis a noble instrument, the piano,!
and it Is a shame to make it chatter,
the strange and ungodly dialect of
ragtime. As well make a king do the.
foxtrot In his rolies of state.
But to get to the point of the story.
The newspaper man has tried to make!
it clear that he does not love ragtime:
and that, as a punishment for his sins. I
he has always had to live, both in the.
same house with it and next door to
its clack-ity-woop.sl-ty-zap.
Well, the other day oite of the news
paper man's neighbors got a new pia
no. With sad misgivings did the
newspaper man watch the husky dray
men lug the instrument up the steps
to Its new abode that jutted so close
to his premises. But there is alwas
balm in Gilead for the weary; always
tcere is a turning to the lane of mir-,
row if cue wil". only persevere to the,
end. Never a ragtime-riggety ragg ;
has zigzagged from the neighbor's1
piano. Rather, there comes a stepl-j
ing the strains of an old and simple;
song. "Rock of Ages. Cleft for Me."(
and Ihe other gospel hymns favorite.".
'heard and loved In the long ago. ere:
! born rgein in the soothing notes u;id ;
(bring bark fond memories of the old
clnm h at home.
In the twilight "Old Black Joe",
calls 'igain across the cotton fie'dr. of'
TeaL-;vt? through the u Jiuiu of the
TO MAN
neighbor s piano, and "My Old Ken
tucky, Home" looms dear and stately
in the shadows of the night. English
ballads delight the newspaper man's
ear, and noble hymns, with the varia
tions running through them like silver
threads among the Sold.
The ragtime rinks and rtgamaroles
of the past seem far away. The news
paper man is thankful ror small bless
ings. He loves music in his simple
way, and he has always relt that
heaven owed him some recompense
tor ali the imitation music he hal
been forced to hear throughout his
years rrom his neighbors' pianos. And
at this time he wishes to bear witness
that the slate is wiped clean.
BEEF EVERYWHERE
NOT A BITE TO EAT
Last Monday, the day of the big ban
becuu. the newspaper man told hi
folks pot to prepare any Monday meat
"We'll all go to the barbecue and get
the best roast beef in the world," h
said with glee. They went The
newspaper man stood at the bef
counter before a tub and sadly watch
ed a Mexican and a fat man and a
nice-looking lady and two small boys
and a couple, who looked like they
might be newly-weds, empty that tub.
He edged down the counter and
asked for a plate. "None left." said
the man who served the beef.
Finally the newspaper man got a
piece of bread and was reaching ror
a nice-looking chunk of beef, but tho
fair, slim hand of a young girl was
before him and bore the prize away.
Again he stretched forth his meat
hook, this time for a Juicy.looklng rib,
but a small boy grabbed It and ran.
And so it went on, all the way
around the barbecue shop. The news
paper man was crowded to one slue
by an eager, laughing, hungry throng.
All about him were men and women
who bore beef away. The odor of
beef filled the air. A thousand ban
quets were going on before his fam
ished glances. Every automobile was
a dining room; every foot of space in
this great open space was a sideboard;
every romping kiddie .carried a sand
wich as big as himself.
Finally, the newspaper man. filled
with smoke and satiated with the odor
of cooked beer, went sadly to his home
and ate a bowl or bread and milk,
probably the only one or the thousands
who gathered at Warren who did not,
eat a;:d enjoy that barbecued beef.
Taera was a knack about it all that
he could not rathom, a way to cat;h
the waiter's eye, a manner or proce i
ure. a method or insertion into th-
ranks before the tubs and loaves and
coffee cans that seemed to baffle
him.
Poet's Corner
SOME VERSES VILLON CHANTS
IN "IF I WERE KINC
I wonder in what Isle of Bliss
Apollo's music fills the air,
fn what green valley Artemis
For young Endymion spreads the
snare;
Where Venus lingers debonair.
The wind has blown them all away!
And Pan lies piping in his lair;
Where are the Gods or yesterday?
Say where the great Semiramis
Sleeps in a rose-red tomb; and
where
The precious dust or Caesar Is;
'And Cleopatra's yellow hair;
Where Alexander Do-and Dare;
The wind has blown them all away!
And Red-Beard or the Iron Chair;
Where are the dreams of yesterday?
Wher is the Queen of Iterod's kisj?
And Phyrne in her beauty bare;
By what strange sea does Tomyris
With Dido and Cassandra share
Divine Proserpina's despair?
The wind has blown them all away!
For what poor ghost does Ht-k-n
care?
Where are Ihe girls of yesterday?
ENVOI:
Alas for lovers! pair by pair
The wind has blown them all away.
The young, the rare, the fond, the
fair;
Where are the snows or yesterday?
IF ALL WHO HATE
WOULD LOVE US.
If all who hate would love us.
And all our loves were true.
The stars that swing above us
Would brighten In the blue;
If cruel words were kisses.
And every scowel a smile,
A beier world than this is
Would hardly be worth while;
If purses would not tighten
To meet a brother's need.
The load we bear would lighten
Above the grave of greed.
If those who whine would whistle.
And those who languish laugh.
The rose would rout the thistle.
The grain outrun the chaff;
If hearts were only jolly
If grieving were forgot.
And tears or melancholy
Were things that now are not.
Then love would kneel to duty
And all the world would seem
A bridal bower or beauty.
A dream within a dream.
Author Unknown. FIVE
Naval Secretary Accepts
Bishop's Offer; American
Tommies Strive to Forget
Grim Work While Fighting
Battles On Western Front
UNITED STATES ARMY OFFICERS READY FOR DUTY
Catholics Belt ind President
THE BI5BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 9, 1917.
The pope's peace proposal from the
viewpoint of a Catholic prelate in this
country would be an interesting thins,!
but doubtless hard to obtain. It isn't
even a matter for speculation. Cer-j
tainly the priesthood must have ex-(
perienced strangely conflicting cnio-j
tions, for at the time of the Roman
announcement no group cf men werej
working more fervently to lay low the;
power of Prussia than the cassocked j
hosts of the Church in America.
Perhaps the best example possible'
to cite was the recent announcement
that the secretary of the navy had j
accepted the offer of Bishop Shahaiij
of the Catholic University in Wash-;
ington, D. C, to take over Gibbons hall
for use in naval laboratory training.
The offer as originally made by the
bishop, was the entire plant of the
university the buildings, the equip
went, and the professoral and stud
ent body for the president of the Uni
ted States to use as he saw fit. Here
is one of the biggest and finest acts.
in its' close analysis, that the nation
.has . ever known; and to one who
knows the history of that university,
the act Incomes the finer.
Thirty years ago the German gov
ernment chose this institution as a
workshop in which to foment a great
anti-American plot. In 1SS9, James
Schroeder, an agent of that govern
ment, became a professor in the uni
versity. However, his real task was
to centralize all German Catholics in
America, under German pastors, and
thus keep alive their German alleg
iance. Six or seven years elaps"d,
and this man, with characteristic Ger
man efficiency, pushed his work far.
The climax came when he attempted
to take control of the Catholic univer-i
sity. j
Through the delegate Apostolic, i
Our
BY WALT MASON.
In Ms leaking wooden bout, Jones, the hero, got the goat, of the
strongest ship afloat, fong ago; Lawrence and Decatur, too, on the
wide and heaving blue, sent a thrill of panic through every foe.
There was Perry, of the lakes, who could wJn'p his weight in snakes;
his-career a record makes proud and high; Dewey, sailed Manila
Bay, and his seamen heard him say, "From the' foe we'll knock the
whey, or well die." Since this nation had its birth ail the countries
of the earth knew the character and worth of our ships; knew the
fighters of our fleet never would commend retreat, ner would ad
mit defeat or eclipse. Once again they sail the brine, with a purpose
high and fine, to dispute the "right divine" of Red Bill; of a slayer
who has dyed Europe's landscape, far and wide with men's blood,
who takes a pride in his kill. Harder, fiercer will they fight, now that
they defend the right 'gainst the crazy butcher's might, on the wave;
so we stnd these hero souls where the mystic ocean rolls; write their
names upon the scrools of the brave.
Copyright 1917 by George Matthew Aiams.
Russian Society Woman Wounded
In Effort to Stem Slav Retreat
'I. HI1 Mill III Ml! S
ipr ,
if . , xA
-I y
Madame Skrydlova. Russian society She ha. been tiled for heroism in re
leader and lieu'enant to ?.ia;ianie Kot- cent dispatches. The picture chow.-,
chrakev, leader of Russia's Bat'.alinn I'cr as a society matron. Before en
of Death, was wounded during the at t rinc the ltattalimf of Deaih she War.
tempts of the lamous women's re.i- rtquiicd to cut off her beautiful htiir
ment to check the Russian retreat, aud dou a suit of khaki.
I who espoused his cause, he arranged
for the pope at that time, Leo XIII
to ask for the resignation of the uni
1 versity's rector. The German accom
plished this by base lies. When tin.
pope's letter arrived one of the great
est agitations ever known took place
in the American church..
The rector, P.ishop Keane, resigned
as requested. Then the storm broke
Catholicism arrayed itself on opposite
sides; there were charges and coun
tercharges; and Rome, alarmed, ord
ered a complete investigation.
Perhaps never in the history of the
church has a more spectacular trial
been held than that of Schroeder. The
event was thrilling almost melodra
matic. Schroeder was found guilty
on charges cf a personal nature, and
dismissed from his chai. Disgraced,
he went to Berlin; and Berlin award
ed him for his efforts, even though
he had failed.
Briefly, this is the story of a brazen
attempt on the part of the Imperial
German government to gain a stron;
foothold for the furtherance of her
anti-American work in the very shad
ow of our capitoI. In view of the uni
versity's recent offer to the nation, it
is of timely interest. No more is
there a taint of Germr.niKiu in that
great institution it is as purely Am
erican as the impressive pile of gray
stone t.'-at sits quietly and majestic
ally on tlie rotoniac, but a few miles
away; another Catholic college.
Georgetown, a college whose priests,
whose traditions and whose ideals
have been as staunchly American as
is the document with which it was
born the Nation's constitution. So
Ion? as that constitution is American,
so long will Georgetown be American,
And that long the Catholic church in
America will be American.
Navy
fife---ijjth ih. " w; 'CW-
fetfi MjL if JTl, n Vj
Prominent American army officers, many of whom have waited impatiently for America's entry into th
the war, are now happy enough to see the speed with which the American army is being: prepared for service
abroad. Among America's leading army men who are soon likely to 'be in France are, left to right, above
l.j. Gen. Henry C. Hodges, Ma;. Gen. Frederick S. Strong, Maj. Gen. Henry T. Allen, Maj. Gen. William M
Wright and Maj. Gen. Edward St. J. Greble. Below: Maj. Gen. Robert N. L. Bullard, Maj. Gen. Eben Swift
ilaj. Gen. John W. Kuckman and Maj. Gen. Francis IL French. .
THE HAH I1M
IS 1ST AFRAID OF
l Julian Street in colliers weekly:
No man I have known, except Col
onel Roosevelt, can scan, accurately
digest and remember the contents of
a document with such rapidity as
Major Mitchell, and I doubt that even
Colonel Roosevelt is the equal of the
mayor when it comes to sheer genius
for assimilating complicated figures.
The lines upon which the mayor is
built are these of speed. If Roosevelt
is a battleship. Mitchell is a destroy
er. When Roosevelt clears decks for
action and starts full ' speed ahead,
(Continued on Page Seven.)
I 'Brave Life
j I do not know what I shall find on out
beyond the final fight;
I do not know what I shall meet ba-
jond the last barrage of night;
Xor do I care. But this I know if I
but serve within the fold.
And play the game, I'll be prepared
for aught the endless years
may hold.
Life is a training camp at best fori
what may wait beyond the
years; '
A tr.iining camp of toiling days and ,
nights that lean to dreams and
. tears;
Lint cadi may come upon the goal and
build his soul a hove all fate
By holding an unbroken faith and tak-
ing Courage for a mate.
Is not the fight itself enough that mail
must look for some behest?
Wherein does Failure miss Success if
all engaged but give their best?
Where does the Victor's call come in
for wreath of fame or laurelled
brow t
If one he vanquished fought as well
as weaker muscle would allow?'
If my opponent in the fray should'
prove to be a stronger foe
Not of his making, but because the
. Destinies ordained it so
If he should win, and I should lose.
ijtlunmli I did my utmost pari.
Is my reward the less than .his if
both . should strive with cqua!
heart?
Iirav- life 1 hold, is something more
than driving upward to the peak;
Than smashing madly throug.h the
strong and crushing onward;
through the wear; j
I hold the man who makes his fii;i".t i
against the raw game's enisl
ing odds !
Is braver than his brothers are who
hold the favor of the gods. ,
tin by the sky line, faint and vague,
in that Far Country all must
know.
No laurel crowns of fame may wait;
beyond the sunset's fading glow;
Hut life has given me the chance to'
train and serve within the fold,'
To meet the tm and be prepared for
all the endless years may hold. ;
Tribulation Tune
Seen de Lion comin'?
An' de treetop fer hie!
Didn't think dat satan
Would set fire ter de tree!
Traps on de highway
Waitin' fer you,
Oh. de tribulation
Till the saints pull through!
Harricane, it blowed me
Whar de angels wait.
Got dar des de minute
Dey was shuttin' of the gate!
Traps on de highway
Waitin' fer you.
Wail o' tribulation .
Fer de saints a-pullin' through!
NEEDLES WILL BE
BUSY AT THESE
3 V
A -
The woolen helmet for sailors.
Knitting needles all over the coun
try are busy now knitting woolen
clothing for our sailor boys. They
have f. large order to fill, lor the com
forts committee of the Navy league
is striving to furnis.h these comforts
to tars on the battleships,
cruisers, destroyers and ships of every
description in Uncle Sam's navy.
Each sailor Iwiy Is to get two sets
of five articles, so the total number
of articles to he furnished will be 2.
L'.'.n.OdO. The work will lie done by
volunteer workers throughout the
country who will pay out of their
own pockets for their materials, s:
these comforts will not cost Uncle
Si-in a cent. Patriotic women who
desire to aid can communicate with
the headquarters of the Navy league
comforts committee in their stale.
The woolen helmet is a welcomed
bit of garb that will keep the boys at
sea warm in blustery weather. It
protects the greater part of the face
and head. The set of comforts con
sists in addition to the helmet, a pair
of socks, a woolen jacket, a muffler
and a pair of kuitted wribtlets.
I; v
.
WHAT WE SHALL GET
if OUT OF
From the Des Moines Capital.
Every traitor and every near trai
tor in the United States is inquiring
"What are we going to get out ot
this war?"
Well, among other things, we are
going to get a better grade of patriot
ism than we have been having.
We are going to put an end to
building up foreign colonies in the
United States as breeding places of
treason.
We are going to quit making, the
foreigner believe he is the only crea
ture on earth worth while.
We are going to love every foreig
ner who really becomes an American,
and all others we are going to ship
back home.
We are going to Siop hiring men in
banks and public offices simply be
cause they speak foreign languages.
In this way, we expect to encourage
the speaking of the English language.
We are going to have consultations
with the I. W. W.'s to ascertain
whether or not they have a real
grievance or any just cause for their
(Continued on Page Seven.)
His Bit
He 3tood at the teller's gilded gate;
Feeble was he and old.
His coat was worn and his trousers
frayed
And he shivered a bit with cold.
He shivered a bit, though the day was
warm.
For the blood in his veins was thin.
And the passbook shook in the wither
ed band
That he tlowly thrust within.
"it isn't much, but it's all I have.
And it's every cent my own.
I want that ye shall take it all
For a share in the nation's loan.
It's all I have and It's cost me dear;
God knows how I've worked for it.
But I've heard the call and my an
swer's here.
It's a way I can do my bit."
The old man fingered the parchment
stiff
Tlv bond for his hoard of gold.
A pitilul sum it seemed, forsooth.
As a nation's wealth Is told.
A light leaped up in his dim blue eys
And bis threadbare shoulders squar
d. There was a strength of prid." in his
very st( p
As into the sfroct he fared.
And who shall belittle that old man's1
bit? !
There is none can surpass his all.
He gave the strength of his long lost i
youth
When he answered the nation's call j
And the heart of a patriot beat be-,
tenth
That coat that was ill of fit.
Have you of your rompetence done as
much? j
Have you answered and "done your
bit?" i
Ulrey McDowell. '
People can get used to anything,'
even to the business of war." Were it
not so, those who have to keep on Kill
ing Germans month in and mouth out,
would go mad and bite somebody.
Out among the guns pounding the
Germans to pieces near Lens it was
tea time. Overhead seven British
planes were winging past on their
way to a match with the enemy in thii
clouds. Now and then a 6-inch shell
exploded in the vicinity of the Brit
ish batteries. Under a scrap of can
vas serving as shelter from the mid-'
summer sun Bat a Canadian major,'
commander of a battery of howitzers.
He was bareheaded. On a wooden
hand grenade packing case was a sup
of tea. The major was in his shirt
sleeves. In his hands was a book and
a pencil. Jotting something down in;
the book, the major laid it face down
on the case, took up a slice of butter-'
ed bread and bit off a mouthful. Soon1
he called out to one of his guncrews'
nearby: i
"Number 2, four, seven, five, nine."
Number 2 crew lifted a huge shell
into the howitzer's breech, closed and
locked the brecehlock, sighted and.
stood by, one of the men holding the;
lanyard taut in his right hand. In his1
left he held a piece of bread. Swal
lowing a gulp of tea the major picked
up his gunnery book and casually or
dered:
"Number 1, fire!" , i
The howitzer next to number 2 bel
lowed so the country round pbout :
echoed and rocked to its thunder. The
major put down seme figures and re
freshed himself with more tea and.
bread. .
"Hey, Bill," sang out the gunner of
number 1 crew.
"Watcher wan now?" an ammuni
tion tender growled. He was busy op
ening a can of tinned food. i
"Where's that jam?"
"Jam?" queried Bill as he worked
away. "What Jam? You mean the
rhubard jam?" ;
"Naw! Not the rhubard jam; the'
NEW UXITED STATES TRADE FLAG .
, SOOX TO FLY OX THE SEVEN SEAS
.iMI iiyi.1! nii......i ..iii
ftp
' United States shipping board's official flag. f
WASHINGTON, Sept. 8. In a fen i stored to the seas, the American n3
weeks there will appear a new flag, tional fleet over which the new flag
symbolizing the return of the Uniied will fly.
States to fellowship with the leading : Each of the 1000 new vessels being
maritime nations. i built tor the shipping board will fly
The new standard Is the official this flag. So will nearly 300 vessels
flag of the United States shipping: taken over from private construction,
board, the body created by act of con-! The flag will be hoisted on all the
gress last September and organized : 98 German ships seized by this govern
in January, 1917, to found a national ment on its declaration of war against
merchant fleet. the imperial German government, with
In laying a foundation for the new i the exception of less than 20 takei
American merchant marine the ship- ;ov-r by the navy department for use
ping board is doing things that Am-jas transports.
ericans in the future may recognize. New Flag Carries Out Old Idea.
as historic. . Among shipping men the new ban-
It is building a fleet of 1000 cargo-! m-r of the United States shipping
carrying ships. It is. taking over for: board will be termed a "house" flag,
national use "c ommandeering" is i It w ill be flown, as were the private
the term sometimes used more than flags of the great mercantile houses
2,000.000 tons of shipping now on the i that controlled American shipping ia
stocks In private yards. It is fitting the golden days of the square-riggers.
out the 600,000 tons of German ship- at the main truck,
ping that sought shelter in American! Those old time-house flags were
ports when the great war began,' striking in design and coloring. In
among these ships being the great ! order to be readily recognized they us-54,00o-toue
Vaterland. ' ually bore some emblem, such as a
It has established free schools in, globe, a star, a cross, a ship or an an
navigation and engineering at At bin-' chor. The new symbol of the national
tic. Gulf. Tacific and Great Iike ports merchant marine will carry out this
to train not less than 1 o.'ji . marines idea. On a white ground is shown
and engineers to serve as officers on. the national shield in full colors ot
this prat new national fleet alon red, white and blue, supported by a
with the seasoned officers of the ex- blue anchor, and flanked on the left
istin; merchant marine, who will b? by the letters "U. S." and on the right
their seniors. , "S. !." The proportions of the flag
World's Largest Merchant Fleet. 1 in tie.' size to be flown by a bhip of
When this work, now in full swin.--. S.IMHi tons are 6 feet hoist to 9 feel
lias been accomplished ami the of'i-1 length
rial flag of the United Stiitc vhippin
board is flying mer nil the ships tin
der the board's control - that is. ovr
all the nation's own merchantmen
the flag's fe'd will flutter ahove th"
decks of the largest fleet of merchant
vess. i.; ever conimNMoiied Ui.uer one
iranageim nt.
None of the great privately owned
fleet.; of England will number as niay
vessels or tons as tl is national fleet
of Uncle Sam's. The foremost of Hie
fleets of the German shipping con;-
panics, which was claimed i hefi re
the war sent German ships to cov r
all ovel the world I to be the lartie
in existence, would uot equal, if re
strawberry jam. I'm fed up on that
stringy rhubard jam."
"Number 1!" bawled out the major.
"Six, O, five, three." Then after a
swailow from the enameled cup:
"Number 2! Fire!"
Number 2 blazed away and a huge
shell tore through the air creaming in
terrifying fashion.
"Y.'o," the Canadian gunner who
had pulled the trigger said, "that waj
certainly some game! Two men out,
man on third, score tied and the ninth
inning. Old Ty Cobb was at the bat
with two strikes on him. Ty whaled
away at it and "
"Number 2!" the officer shouted.
"Four, seven, five, eight!" Then:
"By Godfrey!" he murmured to him
self, "wonder where'n the devil they
got this butter? Number I! Fire!"
Again the howitzer shivered and
leapt, and, as the recoil threw it back
into position. Bill came with a tin
plate in his hand.
"Here, sour face," he said to the lan
yard puller, "here's your bloomin' jam.
Shall I fetch you a finger bowl?
Remember Good Times.
The gunners eat and talk and fire
the guns without a pause. They sel
dom talk about the war. Rather they
tell their experiences the last time
they went on leave. They talk about
the shows they saw, the good things
they had to eat, the pretty girls they
met, what they are going to do when
the war Is over and the rest.
In the trenches it Is precisely the
same. Between raids, dodging trench
mortar stuff they play checkers, and
other games, write letters, have their
tea and talk about food and girls and
shows and things.
The men do not love the war. No
body loves the war. But they are
game and going to see It through.
And the way to see it through is to
make the best of things, to get used
to it all and quit worrying. Sprinkle
the enemy with shot with one hand
and pass the jam with the other. That
is the only way.
The flag 'was designed by Charl-'s
Collens. a Itoston architect, and d'
signer. Mr. Collrns made several
sketches showing different design,
nnd with them enlisted the interest
of II 'nry Howard, the shipping board's
d:rcc:-r of recruiting, whose headquar-
ters are at the Boston custom house.
Mr. Howard took the designs to
Washington and placed them before
the board, which adopted the one
shown here.
"They are fools who kiss ami tell."
W isely hath the poet sung;
Man may hold all sorts of posts
If he'll only hold his tongue! SIX
THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMEER 9, 1917.
COMMUNITY SONGS
WILL BE FOSTERED
BY MUSIC TEACHER
GOVERNOR GAMPBELL
WILL PRESENT FLAG
TO FIRST ARIZONA
Miss SaUIe McCall Adds New! Chief Executive of the Stele
TVnartment Hr Alreadv Arrives in Noca on Monday
nmnn
m DUHnu
OF COCHISE COUNTY
Heavy List of Duties
Musical Circles.
in
Perhaps, in the estimation of a
irreat many people of the state, the
governor is the busiest person within
its borders. Doubltess it is the opin
ion of people from without -the state
who travel through that (he miner is
the busiest Arizonian the man who
works eight hours each day deep
down within the anh. Rut ask some-
to Present Regiment with
Specially Made Standard.
i
A cermony Impressive will take
plac at 5:30 this afternoon in Naco
when Governor Campbell prsnts to the
First Arizona regiment the first 01
ficial Arizona state flag ever made.
The emblem is of full regimental size
made of heavy tufted sik with e'jld
braid border and tassles. It is mount
ed on an oak staff. The flag was
nnrchnsed hv citizens of Phoenix tin-
one who knows about the schools of de(. tne auSpiceg of tne Arizona chap
ter of the Daughters of the American
Revolution.
Governor Campbell will arrive in
Naco this morning and will spend the
day there. The presentation cere
mony will probably take place at re
treat, and the usual Sunday concert by
the First Arizona Band will follow.
A flag presentation is an event or ex
traordinary interest, made doubly so
in this case because the flag happens
to be the first of its kind ever made.
t
ACTIVITIES TODAY
AT Y WCA ARE PLAN
Weeks of Work Will Be Com
menced Today When a
"Sing" Will Be Held.
fiisbee for information on the sub
ject, and the answer will always be
the "same. It is: "Miss Saliie Mc
Call.' Sallie J. McCall is just commenc
ing her fifth year as supervisor 01
music in the Bisbee schools., although
her enthusiasm would indicate she
had just arrived here to take charge
of this work. She is. literally, "brim !
full" of her subject, and she truly
has had to be in order to push for
ward as steadily and as successfully
in the accomplishment of her task
as her record shows. She outlines
the work for each of the different,
classes from the primary up through .
the grades, and she has charge of all I
the high school music. Miss McSall
gets to tach of her grade classes :
once in every tow weeks; in addition;
to overseeing the Girl's Gly club,
the Boy's Glee club and the orches-i
xra an ai ine mgn iccnoi. nuever,
Miss McCall doesn't complain, and she All sorts of activities are taking
is certainly "delivering the goods" in j place these days at the Y. W". C. A.
a remarkable manner. j This afternoon at 5 o'clock Miss Maye
Not only are the pupils taught to Esther Thomason will tell stories to
sing, but they are taught a proper . the girls, after which there will be a
appreciation of music. For those who "sing" and refreshments will be serv
play. an outlet for their work is pro- ed. All of the school girls are invit
vided in the orchestra, while the glee ed to attend, and its going to be some
clubs take care of the more enthu-; thing well worth attending,
iastic singers. Miss McCall is not j Tomorrow three meetings are
content to sit back and rest on her scheduled; one of them betng the Red
achievements. That doesn't haDnen Cross clsas meeting at 7 p. m. inis
to be her way. Now that she has
music in the schools about where she
wants it. she is out for bigger game.
As the representative in Arizona
for the National Conference of Musi
cal Supervisors, it is Miss McCall's l
duty to foster community singing over
the state. A determined nation-wide
campaign is being conducted to teach
everyone the right sort of songs, and
that campaign is being ably handled
in Arizona. While Miss McCall frank
ly admits that Americans have nj
folk songs, save, perhaps, a few
negro chants and Cadman's collection
of Indian songs, still the world's best
music is goin gto be taught the peo
ple so when they ccme together they
will have something in common '
sontrs they can sing together which
will bind them together and bring
them closer to each other! This,
after all, is the real purpose of folk
song.
Miss McCall has promised to make
a detailed announcement soon con
cerning this particular feature of her
work, and it is an announcement,
which will interest everyone musical
and non-musical. In the meantime,
fathers and mothers who have chil
dren in the schools of the district can
Quota from Subdivision of
Arizona Is Second Largest
in the Country. Board Has
a Big. Job.
Cochise county's exemption board
has a big task on its hands in handling
the draft. The board, through Ray
Krebs, has given the following table
which indicates the bigness of the
work :
Quota to be furnished by Cochise
County board, 674
Examinations made and ho discharges
claimed, 506.
Examinations made and discharges
denied and refused, 124.
Total number certified to district
board. 630.
Total to certify to district board. 44.
Number of men sent to mobiliza
tion camp, 34.
Number of men certified from dis
trict tt local board 175.
Total number of men called for ex-1
amination. 3.500. I
Exempted account military service '
prior to examination, 42.
Exempted account aliens, 536.
Discharged by doctors (physical dis
charges), 431.
Discharges allowed account depend
ents, 706.
Slackers reported to department of
Justice, 752.
Total cases pending, 403.
Total cases certified to district
board. 3.500.
'The table will give some idea of the
enormous amount of work it takes to
get the quota for this county which
is second largest in the U. S.." said
Mr. Krebs. "A great deal of credit
should be given to the doctors who
have so kindly helped tint the board.
The board is today making another call
of 500 being from 3501 to 4000 inclu
sive, which will be the last call made
until we can get on our feet again,
after which we proceed to call up to
the 6,750 mark." !
RFSPONSIBillTiES
II THIS COUNTRY:
0
Local Serbian Society Adopts
Resolutions Callin? Upon
All Its Members to Be Loy
sl to the United States.
Red Cross class, which will be in nurs
ing, commences about the loth of the
mtmth. The course includes fifteen
lessons, and it is intended to aid wo
men and girls to intelligently care for
the sick in their own homes. Those
making satisfactory grades will be
given certificates, and they will be eli
gible for work as nurses aids in base
hospitals. Mrs. Jason, an enrolled
Red Cross nurse, is the instructress.
Everyone desiring to join is urged to
be present.
One-half hour later, at 7:30, a meet
ing tf the Tennis Club is called, and
all young men and young women in
terested in tennis- are requested to at
tend. In the afternoon, at 4 o'clock, a
meeting will be held for those interest
ed in the Redpath Lyceum course rot
the coming season. Six splendid at
tractions have been bobked, and the
very highest type in a variety of en
tertainments can be expected.
The Y. W. C. A. work is in full swing
again a center for women and for
their work and amusements.
derive no end of satisfaction in tho
knoweldge that the musical educa
tion of their youngsters is in such
capable hands.
On
fie Job!
1
i
I
turn out work the same
" day received We wish
to impress upon you that
we have
Factory Epuiqment and
First-CI ass Workmen
Remember we pay return
postage on Shoes sent us
Our P. O. Box is No. 1644.
You are cordially invited to
come in and visit our shop.
Goodyear Shoe Shop
(WHILE YOU WAIT)
Pin 818 P. 0. Box 1644 Allen Block
SWEDE MINISTER IS
INVOLVED IN PLOT
(Continued From Page One.)
man was assumed both at the state de-1
partment and by diplomats, and it was ;
pointed out that Germany probably j
Would graps at such an opportunity to
close an incident which left to grow :
might easily add on. more nation to
her list of enemies. j
Expect Compromise.
Argentina's evident desire in past i
months not to enter the war of even to j
vreak relations with Germany has ,
caused the belief here that she will j
look with certain favor upon any prac-
tical way but of the new difTiculty. i
The following statement was issued '
at the state department: j
Official Statement
"The secretary of state today made j
the following statement : I
"The department of state has secur-1
ed certain telegrams from Count Lux- j
burg. German charge d'affairs at Ru-'
enos Aires, to the foreign office at Ber-:
lin, which I regret to say were dls-;
patched from Buenos Aires by the ,
Swedish legation as their own offici-1
al messages, addressed to the Stock
holm foreign office.
'The following are translations of
the German text:
Leave No Trace.
"'May 19. 1917. Number 32. Thts
government has now released German
and Austrian ships on which hitherto
a guard has been placed. In conse
quence of the settlement of the Monte
Protegido case there has been a great
change in public feeling. Govern
ment will In future Vmly clear Argen
tine ships as far as Las Palmas. I beg
that the small steamers Oran and
Guazo, 31st of January ( meaning
which sailed 31st) 300 tons which are
(now) nearing Bordeaux with a view
to change the flag, may be spared if
possible or else sunk without a trace
being leftt 'Spurior verbenkf)
("'Signed) "LUXBURG.'"
Notorious Ass.
"'July 3. 1917. Number 59: I learn
from a reliable source the acting min
ister for foreign affairs, who is a no
torious ass and Anglophile, declared in
a secret session of the senate that Ar
gentina would demand from eBrlin a
promise not to sink more Argentine
shipsfi. If not agreed to, relations will
be broken off. I recommend refusal
and if necessary, calling in the medi
ation of Spain.
" 'LUXBCRG.' -Recommendations.
'"July 29. 1917. Number 64: With
out showing any tendency to make
concessions postpone reply to Argen
tine note until receipt of further re-j
ports. A change of ministry is prob
able. As regards Argentine steamers,
1 recommend either compelling them
to turn back, sinking them without:
leaving any trace or letting themj
through. They are all quite small.
" 'LUXBITRG.' " I
RE-EX AM I NATION I.
MINEOLA. Long Island, N. Y.. Sept
8. Major-General W. A. Mann, com
manding the national guard division
at Camp Mills today ordered every
man in camp to undergo another phy
sical examination next week, although
all the men were subjected to a rigid
examination when they were muster
ed in at their armories. No explana
tion of the order was given.
of our Mother Serbia, and the Tiiliht-'
iest defender of World Democracies.
Third: Serbian Renevolent Society;
Nova Srbia will, during this war. util
ize all its strength to avoid all taisun-;
derstanding not only inside its Own !
organization, but toward all govern-
nental. social and private oreaniza-i
ions and undertakings which direct
ly or indirectly are affecting the
strength of this republic. Not only
we plcdze ourselves to avoid those
misunderstandings, but we declare
ourselves ready to r-hare the sacrifices
tOUertive'y and individually for the
purpose of the successful continuation
of the war now being waged in the
cause of liberty, ami to bring it to a
final victorious conclusion. 1
Fourth: Serbian Renevolent So
ciety Nova Srbia expresses heartfelt,
gratitude to the Supreme Council Of S. ;
S. S. S., which has assisted us in this
crisis with its advice and counsel, and .
by sending special delegates among us
has aided us in solving the difficulties
with which we were confronted and to
further promote a spirit of brotherly,
love and understanding among us. ;
We rejoice that a fraternal spirit I
once more reigns among us, and while '
deeply regretting past occurrences,
misunderstandings an. I disturbances
which have threatened to destroy the.
spirit and existence of this society dur
ing the recent labor troubles in tTie
Warren District, we hereby pledge
ourselves to live and act henceforth in
accordance wi.h the spirit cf this res
olution. JOVO MARKOVICH.
President.
NICK MIJATOVICH.
Secretary.
r.isbee, September, 1917.
ROOSEVELT SPEAKS I
FOR DUAL SUFFRAGE;
i
(Continued From Page One) j
Lift Off Corns
Doesn't Hurt!
Few drop, stop soreness, then
corn or callus lifts off
vith fingers.
I
i That the majority of the Serbians
; of this and other districts of Arizona
; and the country are awakening to their
responsibilities has become apparent
during the last few weeks. The local
Serbian society, a few days ago. fur.
! ther proved its loyalty when the fol
lowing resolutions were passed:
I We. members of Serbian Renevolent
j Society, Nova Srbia Lodge No .301, S.
IS. S. S.. assembled today at a special
meeting of the society called by
! BiO. Frank Novak Bogdanovich dele
I Pate and member Supreme Council S.
i S. S. S., with profnnd consideration
!and with inspired sentiment have dis
j cussed the principal -questions and in
terests upon which this Serbian insti
tution is based, and have made the
following resolutions:
First: Serbian Benevolent Society
Nova Srbia unhesitatingly, clearly and
categorically pledges itself that it was,
that it is and that it will be absolute
ly lOyal to the United States of Amer
ica, to this republic and to her gov
ernment chosen by the free will of the
peonle. and to her ideals that brought
her into the ranks of the fighting fore T-A JUNTA. Colo.. Stpt. 7. Fred P. HOUSTON OFFICER DIES,
-es for human rights. Pemming of Fort Lyon military sani-1 HOUSTON. Tex.. Sept. S. D. R.
Second: Serbian Benevolent So- tarium was killed today when he lost Patton, mounted police officer, wound-
ciety Nova Srbia deeply feels and sees control of his automobile eight miles : ed in the fight with rioting negro sol-
the responsibilities and the duties, east ot here and it overturned in a ; diers on the night of August 24, died
which as an organized party of Ser- ditch, pinning hi mbeneath it In two today. He was the fifth police offi-
bians it has to carry in the present feet of water. His wife who was with I cer to die from injuries received from
ency to las behind the older nations
and ODly do what they had previous-!
1 v nninteil nti n heincr tho r rn n e
tiling to do. I hope we will get in! C 2 T''e WOTli WeS
the position where other people CHj ?SS to tne S"nius 10 f ,n in"
point to us as leading the way in-1 A nati ho discovered free-
stend of our advanced leaders of 1 one-
thought having to beseech us to du 7 TinT bottles of the mag
so. T lc fluid can now be had at
Make a Beginning. any drug store for a few
"Now let us make a beginning. Eng- J cents. You simply apply
lend has admitted that her women a few drops of freezone
ought to have the suffrage. Th j U upon a tender, aching corn
French have for the first time seri- j 0 or a hardened callus. In
ously been considering the subject.1 sZ&k stantlv tne soreness dis
Lt us take the lead. Let the Uni- (""""J appears and shortly you
ted States, as its first act or leader-! J ff will find the corn or cal
ship in the war. as its first act o( J L lus so loose and shriveled
leadership in planning for th eim- '"VY tnat you ,ift 11 off wiTh
niense social and industrial recon-i T the fingers. Not a bit of
strurtion which is to follow, as a mat- j J pain or soreness is felt
ter of richt and justice, take the lead when applying freezone
r.nd in this country put the women M) or afterwards. It doesn't
in fact on a level with the men by even irritate the skin or
saying that every woman who does J flesh.
her duty shall stand at the ballot boxi I I . J For a few cents one can
exactly as every man who does his j now get rid of every har i
duty is entitled to stand, and shall corn, soft corn, or corn between the
exercise the privelege of a free man. ! toes, as well as painful calluses on
Privelege of Voting. lio'tom. of feet Everyone who tri"?J
i "The- priveleee of voting Is a prive-1 freezone becomes an enthusiast be
I lege which has been granted neither ; cause it really doesn't hurt or pain
to a man nor a woman who fails intone particle.
the performance of duty and should
be withheld neither from the man or
the woman who performs the duty
ailoted to him."
war of this republic which is an alley him escaped with minor bruises.
fighting the negroes.
Ladies! Keep a tiny bottle on the
dresser and never let a corn or callus
ache twice.
GIVEN NINETY DAYS.
Delfino Yanex as yestwerday sen
tenced to serve 90 days by Judge High
for obtaining a check from the Copper
Queen company under false pretense.
He will be taken out to the road cam?
and given a chance to work out his
sentence.
M!m ABca Bradley
Prtocfpal Miss Farmer s School at
Cookery Massaclmsctu
Kim F.r KeTU
A prominent New Votk
Architect
Mr. Cfcriafifw Frederick
Domestic Scwncr AuUctttys
Kew York
Mra. Frank Ambler Pettieeo
DouMtuc briioHsovy Kiwrotr.
New Jersey
Mrtw NeOio KetJxa
Get the Help of
OF KITCHEN SCIENTISTS
$1.00 Brings You Their Services
In a Hoosier Cabinet
These noted kitchen science experts who hav e spent years in finding ways to lighten your
kitchen labors now transmit their ideas to you. Some of them are built right into the Hoosier
Cabinets, others come to you in the form of practical suggestions.
The Hoosier embodies the most valuable
kitchen helps and short cuts that are known.
Its 40 work-reducing, time-saving features
save you miles of steps and hours of work.
It enables you to sit restfully at your work.
Hoosier prices are low, made possible by
quantity production. These low prices put a
Hoosier within the means of every woman.
L
1 vr
Come in and see the Hoosier models. Ask
to see the Hoosier vital parts. Learn what it
means to have these talented women work for
you right in your kitchen.
Every Hoosier, regardless of price, offers
you the same Hoosier guarantee of your
moneyback if you are not delighted.
If you prefer you can pay for your Hoosier
in easy convenient payments.
KITCHER
CABINET
5
IB
4 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 9, 1917.
35"
SEVEN
1
f
3
4
i
'
I
a
..
s
3
- w
A
Review Want Ads
Advertlsenienta under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
Issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. Advertisements must reach Th
Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion in the next morning paper
Wanted
WANTED A NO. 1 mechanic Mc
Arthur Bros., Douglas, Arizona.
101
WANTED Waitress. Stag Club. 122
WANTED Messenger boy with bicy
cle. Western Union. 132
WANTED Experienced girl for gen
eral house work in Warren. Phone
603. P. O. Box 131. 181
HELP WANTED Applications for
"Review" routes asked for from
WIDE AWAKE boys between 13 and
16 years old. 126
WANTED Telegraphers, stenograph
ers, bookkeepers; students earn
board, room tuition. Mackay Busi
ness College, Los Angeles. 789
THE Government needs Farmers as
well as Fighters. Two million three
hundred thousand acres of Oregon &
California Railroad Co. Grant Lands.
Title revesting in United States. To
be opened for homesteads and sale.
Containing some of best land left In
United States. Large Copyrighted
Map, showing land by sections and
description of soil, climate, rainlall,
elevations, temperature, etc., post
paid One Dollar. Grant Lands Lo
cating Co., Portland, Oregon. 507
WANTED One short order cook and
one dinner cook. Warner Dining
. Room, Warner Hotel. 816
YOUNG lady desires position as
stenographer; very proficient in
medical lines; can care for cor
respondence without dictation. Best
of references. E. O. D., Review. 156
MIDDLE aged lady wishes position as
housekeeper in or out Of city. C. M.,
Review. 179
WANTED Furnished house by
couple, no children, preferably in
Warren. Would consider an unfurn
ished house. House must be locat
ed in good quarter. A. M. K. Ren
uel 199
WANTED A good kitchen man. Cop
per Queen Hotel Cafe. . 220
WANTED An all around lunch room
man. Banaza Lunch Room, .Lowell.
222
WANTED Nursing by day or week,
by experienced woman. P. O. Cox
1437 or 147 D Tombstone Canyon,
above lumber yard. 182
SALESMEN We have a real up-to-date
pocket side line paying $5 per
order. Especially good for small j
towns, commission paid me same
day the customer acknowledges re
ceipt of goods. Pioneer Novelty
Co., 1306 Wells st, Chicago, Ills. 226
AGENTS Tailoring agents 6ell men's
suits made to order. Cheapest and
best line made. Can sell every man
you see. Large sample outfit free.
Leeds Woolen Mills, Chicago, 111. 227
WANTED Salesmen with auto, can
make $300 to $900 monthly selling
guaranteed self-starters ttr Fora
cars; retail $10. 4rd Starter Sales
Co., 138 Fort St, East Detroit 228
WANTED Position by practical
nurse. Phone Blue 834. 137
WANTED Five bright capable la
dies to travel, demonstrate and sell
dealers. $25 to $50 per week. Rail
road fare paid. Goodrich Drug
Company, Dept. 131, Omaha, Neb.
156
WANTED Dressmaking, 85 Main,
Cottage Home. 173
M. C. HIGH
ALLEN BLOCK
Real Estate and Insurance
Now is the time to buy
See me for Bargains.
Agent for reliable Insur
ance Companies.
List vour Dronertv with m
PETEY DINK Yes, the Scenery May Be Different Next Year
f oh hi, aimT nwike.) -in sssoan The) oh vjell-v,eic . . N . llll
ijfer- Sure. J)$ 4V . V -vj J ( .,
Wanted
WANTED A girl for general house
work, Midway Ico Cream Parlor.
Johnson Addition. 159
WANTED To buy furniture for
four room house at reasonable price.
Address Box 749, Bisbee. 172
WANTED Man to work on ranch.
Brophy Cash Co., Lowell. 192
WANTED Good kitchen man. Cop
per Queen Hotel. 191
For Sale
FQR SALE! Old papers at Review
office. 25c bundle 100 papers.
791
FOR SALE! 5-passenger Oakland; a
bargain. Slag Dump Garage. 279
FOR SALE Furniture at half price.
Mrs. Don Allen, Winwood Addition.
102
FOR SALE Rooming house; gOod la
cation. P. D., Review. 81
FOR SALE Seven room bouse, 107
Opera Drice. 121
FOR SALE Few more desirable lots j
easy payments; also houses to rent I
Mrs. Winwood, Winwood Addition I
5!';
FOR SALE Small transient house,
centrally located; new furniture; 8 j
bargain. Phone Green 468. 744 I
FOR SALE 1917 model 5-passenge:
Overland; a genuine bargain. Cal'
at Slag Dump Garage. 25
FURNITURE FOR PALE The John
on Addition Furniture Co. want
to pay you the highest cash pricet
for your second Land furniture. AI
ao wants to trade or exchange yoi
new furniture for your old. We wili
sell you furniture cheaper thad
anybody on easy payments. Cal
In at the big brick building at tht
Johnson Addition and let us sho
yon our large and selected stock o
house furnlsnibgs, or phone Q at
our E'cre. Pbone 385. Johnson Ad
d it Ion
FOR SALE 1 7-passenger 1916 Buick ;
touring car; in first class condition. !
Apply to J. P. Hodgson at residence.
7Si
FOR SALE Good second hand 6-pas-suiur
Vuic; rst class condition.
Slag Dump Garage. 27)
FOR SALE Peaches. Inquire E. K.
Rolfe, 47 Wood Canyon. 954
FOR SALE; 17-room house, furnished
fine, location near City Park. 120 '
Opera Drive. 940
FOR SALE 13 head milk and range
cows and calves; a bargain. See
A. J. Finnerty, Don Luis. 185
FOR SALE: 4-room house with bath.
Warren. Call at Brophy blacksmith
shop, Lowell. 934
.FOR SALE Dodge touring car; good
I shape. Long Trail Garage, Lowell.
!
j FOR SALE: New four room frame
iiiiujv , iui it-, mm gwu ncit. v.a'1
at 114 Moon Canyon.
197
FOR SALE One lot 40x80. Tank Hill.
I R. E. M., Box 1631. 218
JfOR SALE Warren Basin COpper
j Mining Co., stock, 15c per share. Lo
cated four miles east of Warren.
G. C. Stambach, Brophy Hall, Lo
well. 179
FOR SALE Furnished house cheap
! for quick sale. Investment, Review.
223
FOR SALE Singer machine, $7; sani
tary couch, $7; wood stove, $5; ce-'
ment block house back lumber yard.
Brewery avenue. 180
FOR SALE Mandoline, excellent
tone, perfectly fretted, cost $20. will
take $8. See Stevens, E. P. & S. W.
Warehouse. 134
FOR SALE If sold at once. Ford
roadster' with truck body. The old
Mason blacksmith. Ask for J. Gol
den. 132
For Sale.
FOR SALE Furniture of three rooms,
house can be rented, apply after
2:30 p. m. No. 3. Kruger fiats. War
ren or J. Hillman, Moose Club, City.
155
FOR SALE A few shares Canyon Air
Brake. H. W. Review. 181
FOR SALE The Lowell Motor Co..
has the following used cars for sale
all in gOod condition some good bar
gain, 1917 5 passenger Ford, 1915
Hudson 6, 1917 Super Six, 1916
Dodge, 1916 sevent passenger Stu
debaker. 161
FOR SALE: Piano nearly new, cheap.
120 Tombstone Canyon. 169
FOR SALE One lot on Mason Hill, P.
O. Box 1352. 170
FOR SALE: Root beer, soft drink and
confectionary store, good location.
Address Box 2353 Bisbee. 175
FOR SALE Good saddle mare and
saddle cheap. Phone Blue 668. 159
FOR SALE House 1n Warren; six
rooms, all conveniences; lot 70x100,
one block from car line; price $2800.
Address Box 695, Warren. 168
FOR SALE Four-room house with
bath furnished; in Warren; a bar
gain at $1500. Address P. O. Box
Bisbee 1724. 184
GOSSARD. Goodwin and La Camille
Corsets for sale at Letson Hotel,
room 17. Ines Guerusey, expert
corsetiere. 187
FOR SALE San Jose Rooming house
price $2,000, half down, other easy
terms. One block east of depot.
Naco Road. See G. W. King. 198
FOR SALE Graded lot. water and
sewage connection. NO climb, near
car line. Beautiful location. Tomb
stone Canyon. Box 641 City 202
FOR SALE Some fine fern baskets.
j also porch swing. Apply 121 Opera
I Drive, next to Brown flats. 202
; FOR SALE One house lot, and furni
ture. Tank Hill, R. E. M... Postofflce
j Box 1631. 217
! Furnished Rooms
I
' FOR RENT Furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. Lights, gas and
j water. Hoi brook House, Naco
Road. 160
CATCHING and housekeeping rooms.
145 Dubocher. 156
FOR RENT Two nicely furnished
rooms for gentlemen. 212 Naco
Road at Custom House car stop.
Mrs. M. J. Tonuy. 153
FOR RENT American's; clean, coo
rooms. Colorado House, Jiggerville
Good table board. . 35i
FOR RENT Nice furnished room
cheap. Williams car stop, end oi
car line. Tombstone Canyon. 100
FOR RENT Furnisned room, $6 pe'
month. Doyle House. 60:
FOR RENT Two furnished room,
for light housekeeping. Lights, wa
ter and gas. 163 Opera Drive. 95;
FOR RENT One room suitable fo.
two gentlemen. Apply after 1 o'clock
63 O. K. St 7:
FOR RENT 2 furnished rooms suit
able for 4 men. Alta Vista on Tern
by Ave., back of K. C. Hall. 75:
GOLDEN HOTEL Outside window,
and running water in all roonit
Rates reasonable, by the day, wee.
Or month. 58.
FOR RENT Rooms furnished fo.
housekeeping; ciOse in; modern; j
block north of high school. 189 Tern
by Ave. 72.
FOR RENT Furnished sleeping
looms, 7 Cowan Ridge, in front Cop
per Queen Hospital. 129
FOR RENT Room 50 Quality-Hill.
Phone 762. 130
FOR RENT Suite of housekeeping
rooms. Johnson addition. No chil
dren. Apply 49 Quality Hill. 131
FOR RENT Rooms suitable for two
gentlemen, cheap, no hills, 86 B
front of Youngblood hill. 136
FOR RENT 1 batching room furnish
ed. 14 Tate Hill, Johnson Addition.
177
Furnished Room
FOR RENT Three nice rooms, well
furnished for light house keeping.
Also 2 rooms all conveniences. 80
Moon Ave., phone 645, J. W. Glover,
157
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. Arlington
house Opera Drive, phone 459 160
FOR RENT 3 room and sleeping
porch, modem cement house in
Douglas. Address Box 1856. 164
FOR RENT Nicely furnished front
bed room with close closet, private
entrance. Rent reasonable. Fhone
684 M. Mainland, Moon Ave. 176
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
for housekeeping or batching. Lights
and water, $11. Apply at 67 Upper
Lowell. 135
MOOSS HOTEL Furnished rooms
$2.00 per week and up. 405
FOR RENT One large room for light
housekeeping or batching, 69 School
Hill opposite Episcopal church. 208
208
FOR RENT Nicely furnished front
room for gentleman, private family.
S. C. Massey, Jr., No. 3 Quality
Hill. 221
FOR RENT Three nice warm rooms
for winter. Heater for bed room.
Partly furnished. No hill. On car
line. 26 Tombstone Canyon. 200
FOR RENT Furnished room, out
side entrance, running water, 39
Mason Hill.. Pat O'Donnell. 206
FOR RENT 2 housekeeping rooms;
Also rooms for sleeping and batch
ing. 49 O. K. street 180
FOR RENT 2 completely furnished
rooms. Mrs. Argyle, back of Dayles.
186
FOR RENT Nicely furnished room
Geo. Schmitt, 99 Clawson Hill. 193
For Rent
FOR RENT 3 room house with or with
out garage. Barnum siOp. Tombstone
Canyon, John Charon. 163
haro
aftirr
FOR RENT Unfurnished 4 room
house, 68 Kansas St., Johnson Ad
dition. 162
FOR RENT 4 room furnished house
Quality Hill, back of DOyle house.
Mrs. Argyle. 158
FOR RENT Furnished house, phone
Blue 617. Mrs. James Flanigan. 201
FOR RENT Three room furnished
house, 237 High road. School Hill.
201
FOR RENT Four-room furnished
hou.se; c?ose in. 64 Moon Canyon.
150
FOR RENT Three-room house. Ap
ply Tammany Hall or 83 Youngblood
HilL 944
LOST
LOST Saturday, watch, Burlington
movement Moose emblem. Return
to Review. 125
To Exchange
FOR EXCHANGE Desirable lots in
EI PaBo for Bisbee or Lowell prop
erty. Address J. P. Kinney, Box
1295, Bisbee. Ariz. 116
.Mi&cel(neuu
BISBEE MATTRESS and Upholster
ing Works. Pbone 734. Don't buy
until you see our stock of new mat
tri'ss&s. We can re-build your old
mattress. All kinds of uphohsteting
done. Old furniture repaired. A
work guaranteed. 331
OX CO. loans $5 to $50 without se
curity to men or women in perma
nent positions. NO honest wat-'t
'earner refused, easiest weekly or
monthly payments, cbeapbai rates,
also loans on furniture, pianos, etc.
Confidential, quick service. See us
if you need money. New Lyric
Theatre Uldg., Room 2, Phone 794
821
THE Blackburn System is the quickest j
and most thorough taught anywhere. !
Including Dress-cutting. Designing.;
Pa:tern-making ut,d Dressmaking. I
The full course wili make you pro- j
ficient and equip ycu to tea' h these j
branches. Room 4, Maze Bldg., Miss ;
Grant 26
FINANCIER WINS 1
ARMY COMMISSION
I ' tUt :..
It ' ' n
ipl
& -
V i- v-w '.
IT '"- ' .-v. ".::..:
A x i
Major Grayson M. P. Murphy.
Grayson M. P. Murphy, who wa;
me of the successful candidates 8
he Platt'turjf first officers' camp, i
rice prerident-of the Guarant.
Trust Co. of New York. He hai
keen made a Major of the Infantry
Due to lack of tonnage not a bushel
of wheat was shipped from Australia
to Great Britain in June, although tht
British government had arranged tc
take 600,000 bushels a month.
Miscellaneous
!
i
PAT CLEARY, painter. Membei i
Builders' Exchange. Box 1495. 341
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
SMALL quick loans on your personal '
note to salaried men and women, al-'
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Room '
2, Lyrich hteatre building. 166
INCORPORATE Your business.'
Avoid' partnerships; protect private
from business ventures, information
free. Philip Lawrence, former as
sistant secretary state, Huron. '
South Dakota, 103 Dakota Ave. 133
iXPERT paper hanger and painter. C.
J. Bran at. Phone 45b, Box 150. 571-:
LEARN actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A., Los Angeles. Cat ;
alog free.
550,000 to loan on Improved city prop j
erty or for building, on easy termf ;
of payment. T. A. Hughes, ovei !
Bank o Biohee.
697
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. S. PATENT
MINERAL SURVEY NO. 3354
I
August 9, 1917 !
Mineral Application 035913 I
Receipt No. 2076931 j
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN tha' i
W. A. Deil, whose postoffice address b !
Bisbee, Arizona, on behalf Of himsell '
and co-owners, W. A. Schwarti anc .
Charles VV. Rambo, whose postoffice
addresses is the same place, has niadi .
application for a patent for the follow j
iag lode mining claim, situated In the
Warren Mining Dijtrict Cochise Coun '
ty. State of Arizona, in Section 18, un
app'd, T. 23 S., R. 24 E .,G. & S. R. B.
& M., whica claim is described as foi
lows:
POINT LOOKOUT: Beginning a:
("or. No. 1, the S. W. Cor., whence tht
N. E. Cor. Sec. 30, T. 23 S., R. 24 T5.,
G. & S. R. B. & M., brs. S. 13 23' E
7545.40 ft; thence N. 12 07' W. 68U.21
ft. to Cor. No. 2. identical with N. E.l
Cor. and S. E. Cor. of Los Angelus ani:
Look Out lodes, unaurveyed, respect
ively; thence N. V 05' E. 600.00 ft. IV ;
Cor. No. 3. the N. W. Cor.; thence N. :
59 36' E. 556.20 ft. to Cor. No. 4, the
N. E. Cor.; thence S. 5 48' E. 1273.10
Lodge
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
leets every Friday night Moose HalL
isiting brothers cordially invited.
V. R. TONKIN, Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medlgoicb
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month
Visiting brothers wei
come.
F. D. LANE. Councillor.
J. L. BENTON. Recording Secretary
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
'UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 210.
Meets In L a
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY
at 7:30 p. m
Visiting broth
en cordiall;
Invited to at
tend.
GEO. SLEEMAN, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bltbee Aerie, No. 175. F. O. E meeu
first and third MONDAYS, 8. p. m.
Eagles Halt Visiters cordially wel
come.
RICHARD DAVIS. President
C. L. EDMONSON. Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
FRANK BRUNING, C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM, K. of R. S.
ft' to Cor. No. 5, the S. E. Cor.; thence
3. 59 36' V.". 553.00 ft to Cor. No. 1,
.he place of beginning, containing a
Jet area ot 13.009 acres.
The location notice of said POINT
LOOKOUT claim is recorded in the
County Recorder's ofiice. Cochise
County, Arizona, in Book 23, Records
iif Mines, at page 443.
Adjoining claims: North: New York
iode, unsurveyed, owned by Fred Sut
ter and W. A. Dell: Montreal lode, un
surveyed, owned by W. A. Dell and
C'has. Rambo. East: Mount Shasta
lode, unsurveyed, owned by Chas. Ram
bo; Bonita lode, Sur. No. 3162. South:
Bonita lode, Sur. No. 3162; Punta lode,
unsurveyed, owned by Emil Marks and
V. A. Schwartz. West: Punta lode,
unsurveyed, owned by Emil Marks
aud W. A. Schwartz: Los Angelus
Ode, unsurveyed, owned by W. A. Dell
.ind Chas. LanilH); Look Out lode, un
ourveyed, owned by fills. Kambo.
J. L. IRWIN,
Registrar,
i-'irst publication August 11th, 1917.
Iist puuiicatiou October ISth, 1917.
472
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior. U. S. Land
Otllce at Phoenix, Arizona, August 8,
1917.
Notice is hereby given that Herman
Haase of Hereford, Arizona, who, on
July 1, 1912. made Homestead Entry
No. 018471 for NE'i, Sec. 30, Town
ship 23 S.. Range 22 E., G. & S. R. B.
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make three-year proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Tayior, U. S. Commis
sioenr, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 29th
cay of September, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Ralph H. Dickey, Julius Haase.
Frank Cobbe, Leslie Wilcox, all of
Hereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRV1N,
Register.
First Publication, Aug. 25.
Last Publication, Sept 29.
2 lr '
I
Notices
WEEK ENDING SEPT. 15. 1917.
Monday 1st Degree.
Tuesday
Wednesday 1st Degree
Thursday Chapter Reg.
Friday
Saturday
N. C. BLEDSOE. W. M.
B. T. WATK1NS. Secy. F. & A. M.
A. M. COLWELL, E. H. P.
C. F. PHI LB ROOK, T. LI
J. E. FRY, E. C.
F S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Charter
and Coromandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary CoandL
t. r. b.
FRATERNAL
BROTH ERHOOO
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Monday
of each month at
7:30 at Medigo
vich HalL Visit
ing members cordially Invited.
PHIL. DA VI 9, President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI, Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. t3. Red.
KATHERINE SALHOLM, Secretary.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially Invited to attend.
R. E. WARNER. Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY. Secretary.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple. No. 3jnet9 every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows' Halt Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
ANNA HART. M. E. C.
JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. C
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
MeeU in Medlgovich HaU 2nd and
Ith Fridays of each month.
HATTIE A. LUKE. Guardian.
PAULINE F. BROWN. Clerk.
P. O. Box 62L
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OR SECUR
ITY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115
Meets every Thursday at Brophy
hall, 8 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID. Pissident P- O.
Box 3483. Lowell, Ariz.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary, LbwelL
E. LINDQUIST,
Financial Secretary. P. O. Box 3246.
LowelL
BISBEE LODGE, No. 10, I. O. O. F.
Meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellow Hall.
Main street at 7:00 p. m. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to a'tend.
Hall phone lis.
GEO. MUNSEY. N. G.
C. D. KIRBY. Secretary.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first and third
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
In Medigovlch Hfcll. All
visiting Red Un invited
to attend.
Wm. DELBRIDCE. Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Medicine Man.
F. C FENDERSON. C. of R.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Biwbe Camp No. 13416.
Meeu first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows HalL
R. L. MOTZ. Con?uL
H. F MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic H!t
Pearl Chapter. No. C, meets
In Masonic HaU second and
fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS, W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box 841. Bisbee.
MRS JESSE BEVAN. Sec'y. P. O. Box
2299. Chairman Relief Com. Phone 16L
WOODMEN OF THE WOLD.
ix well Camp No. 46 will
at 7:30. Bropj KaU.
, K. R. WINSTEAD. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All woodmen Invited.
By C A. VOIGKT
Si EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 9, 1917.
. 1
, 1
THOUSANDS KELP
GOVERNMENT IN
COMBATING FIRE
Dry Season in Northwest Has
Caused Many Forest Fires
and Many Men Have Been
Used to Break Down This
Menace.
SPOKANE, Wash.. Sept. 8. An
nrmy numbering thousands of men
has been recruited and sent afield
throughout the northwest during tho,
last several weeks to combat ttie men-1
ace of forest fires, unusually serious ,
this season because of the lack ot
ra'ns. .
Recruiting stations have been open
ed on an hour's notice in cities most
handy to the ''front." and entire com-.
panies of 50. 100 and 200 men haw I
been eulis'.ed and sent post baste to
the first line of defense. Mostly they j
are trained men for their work Ium-'
berjacks accustomed to the strenu-,
ous life in the open that forest fire
fighting necessitates. '
In district No. 1 of the United
States forestry service, comprising
parts of Montana, Idaho, North and j
South Dakota and eastern Washing-,
ton, are included 14.3S7.000 acres of
timber, besides grazing lands for a '
total of 22.273,077 acres. This is dis-t
tributed over 26 forest reserves. j
Most of the problems' incident to
provisioning and equipping a military
army must be met for this great force
of fire-fighters, and they are worked
out, la advance, with all the exact-'
titude that characterizes modern war-;
fare. Besides the recruiting service, j
I
'there is the commissary; there are
j the field scouts, stationed on com-;
j manding observation points; there are
, the field telephones, and when the
wires fail, the heliograph and the wig
wag systems of communication.
1 The primary consideration, forestry
officials say, is the prevention of
forest fires.
To get t othe tires In their infancy, (
lookouts are stationed by the forestry
service on mountain peaks overlook
ing large areas. Day and night they
sweepi the horizon with their Geld,
glasses, watching for the thin curl of.
smoke. The location of these they
"spol" on Intricate maps, kept ready
to hand, and then telephone the
forest station nt-firc-st the blaze. From
the fores stations the advance guards
are throkn out "smoke chasers"
whese dutiy it is t6 locate the f!re. !
That more timber la not destroyed
dur'ng a season such as the present
one is due largely to the activities of
these smoke patrols. If the "sniokM
chaser" is able to extinguish the!
blaze he does so, and if not, tele-!
phones for reinforcements. j
If the fire has gained considerable j
headway before the fighters can be.
mobilized, the strategic problem be-j
comes one of h"ading it off at Uit!
nearest possible point. '.
Sometimes, when water is available,;
a nn.i fore nnmn can hp ntil!.! 3 a day. and cooks get J5.
ed. When the fire is off the ground.
BRITISH TANK LN'FKJHT ON OLD BATTLEFIELD OF HOLY LAND
I Business People of The
j Warren District
who have agreed to close their stores at 6 o'clock ev-
ery afternoon, including Saturday and all cay Sunday
British tank at the gates of ancient Gaza, near Jerusalem.
Tti5 ntinfn cVinwo ti latosf invontinn of r.uidem w.-rfate yoinir into battle on ai. ancient battlefield of the
loly Land. The smoke shown is caused by the entrine which pionei the machine. Gaza lies about two mfiea
Vom the Alediterranean. The armies of IZameios. of Alexander, of the Ci'uaaclers and oi Napoleon must bav
narfKwt , rrnsa thiQ vprv laritlvrnna.
however, in green timber, this method
cannot be employed successfully. Itw
C. O.
I Wilhite, executive clerk and paymast
i er of fire-fighters for the first dis
' trict, estimates that in the last 10
HOLLAND AGAINST WAR.
that case enough' trees must be felled 'ears he has Paid t about 51-000
' van Hollcven, a trustee of The Neth-!
i erlands overseas trust; J. B. Vander
i houven van Holdt and A. G. A. van
: Eelde. Chevalier Tan Reppard, The'
. Netherlands minister, will introduce.
to clear a space 50 to 75 feet in width.
If the fire is in dead timber h
trench some 50 feet in width is dug
after all timber has been cleared, and
everything combistible is tnrued und
er the ground.
There is usually a lull in every fire,
forestry officials say, usually at night,
when the wind dies down, fighters
have learned to avail themselves of
0O0.
RIBOT MINISTRY RESIGNS.
(Continued From Page One)
PARIS, Sept. 8. The resignation i ernment
(r!v Keview Leased Wire.)
' WASHINGTON, Sept. 8. 'Nothing
i less than an invasion of her soil will them to Secretary Lansing,
I drive Holland into the war, according
to members of The Netherlands mis
sion, here today to take up the matter
! of food exports with the American gov
PEACE BY CONCILIATION.
(Continued From Page One) '
AMSTERDAM, Sept. 8. The over-'
The Dutch have known
of the Ribot ministry was decided up-i hunger in the past, and have suffere-.' whelming majority of the German peo-
on unanimously at the meeting this hardships enough to know how to bear pie are for a peace by conciliation,
morning. President Poincaire has them, the commissioners say, and al-j according to a speech by Philip Sceid
asked the premier and his premiers ; thoug-h ships may be sunk and supplies' eman, published In the Vorwaerts.
every such cessation of the activities j to witlihold their resignations until ; cut off they will not be drawn itno( The article urges the imperial chan
of the flames, to construct a barrier; the prtsident of the senate and cham-i the struggle on either side unless tlieir ( cellor to discredit the present pan
which the blaze cannot surmount. j ber of deputies have returned to Pans , frotniers are crossed.' German maneuvers for "a Hinden-
Fire-fighters are paid at the rate of , to discuss the situation. j Th-? members of the mission are J. I burg peace."
Schwartz Bros. Co.
Frankenberg Bros. & Newman
J. B. Angius
Phelps Dodge Mercantile Co.
Arizona Grocery Co.
Buxton-Smith Co.
Palace Grocery
Gus Hickey & Co.
W. II. Anderson
Joseph Brill
Welbourne & Dodds, Bisbee and
Johnston Add.
Bisbee Dye and Cleaning Works '
H. E. Wootten
Iowell Haberdashery
F. W. Wool worth & Co.
Watkins & Bergquist
J. C. Penny & Co.
Tirol Store
Elite Dry Cleaning
Blunt & Blunt, Cleaners and Dy
ers M. M. Grado, Tailor
$16 Suit Store
Clarkson & Roberts Saddlery
Goodyear Shoe Shop
Bisbee Music Store
Bisbee Furniture Co.
Bisbee Improvement Co.
Abe Brown, Naco Road
Owpn's Cleaning Works
B. F. Millard, Bisbee's Leading $
Tailor
Safety Shoe Shop ;
Electric Shoe Shop j
Miller's Shirt and Hat Shop
Al Kobey Shoe and Tailoring Co.
Scotch Tailors.
Lowell
D. C. Minton, Jeweler, Lowell
Reynolds Music & Gift Shop
Cut Rate Millinery
New Art Store
The Golden Rule Store. Lowell
Nathanson & Marculles
Sip wart Grant. Cleaners,
Sol J. Morgenstern
Iwell Cash Store
N w State Cash Grocery
El Paso Clothing Store
Shoe Hospital
American Grocery Co.
.1. S. Koiiin, Shiemaker
M. Levin Tailoring Co.
J. H. Grant. LowMl
Electric Shoe Shop, by W. E. Tru-
an, Johnston Add.
Bisbee Mattress Works
Central Grocery Co.
Johnson Addition Fvniture Co.
K. S. Rountree Furniture Co.
K. A. Tovrea & Co.
Singer Sewing Machine Co.
Miners Meat Market and Grocery
Johnson Meat Co.
John Treu Meat Market
Henry Waters
Depot Market (by S. S. Prodonc
vich) O. K. Shoe Shop (by V. Villega)
Miners' Store
U L. Gilman
Quality Tailors
Chris. Vukasovich.
Louis G. Sena
J. Bugan & Bros.
L'ncle Jim
Review Want Ads Bring Results
r
Announcing Our Advanced Showing of New Fall Styles for 1917
ic.-V. i
Nev Suits
Our Fall Suits are diverse and charm
ing. We have the dressy models in
cloth and silk fabrics, embodying ori
ginal and exclusive style features; all
the season's best colors, beautifully
trimmed with fur, beads, embroidery,
rr. :
New Fall Coats
Remarkable variety of Women's
new Fall Coats. Included is the new
Trench Coat, a very mannish model,
tailored in all wool Khaki color.
Others have large collars and cuffs.
Others are trimmed with f ur collars
and cuffs and around the bottom in
colors to harmonize with the mater
ial, which are Pom Pom, Siberia, Wool Velours, Broad
cloth, fancy mixed tweeds, etc., including black. There
are browns, Russian green, navy, burgundy, taupe, etc.
New Angora Sweater Coats
You should take a coat while motoring, for the night
breezes are always cool. These sweater coats are ideal for
outing and street wear, in beautiful shades of blue, green,
rose, purple, red and gold; priced from....l5.00 to $25.00
Refrigerators 10 Per Cent
Off for One Week Only
Just at the time when
New French
Serge Dresses
Serge dresses were never more
popular and prices, to say the
least, are fair; they are out of
the ordinary. They will wear
well and look well to the end of
the season. There is nothing
frail or fussy about them; the
value is in the cloth and good
tailoring. All the most popular
shades and combinations are
shown, trimmed with fancy silk
embroidery and beads, with a
good variety of styles. Some
are developed with the new Tux
edo Roll; others are in straight
line effects with drape pocket ef
fects; while others are in the
late Hickson models.
J
New Styles in
Autumn Dresses
An interesting display of silk
dresses, in new fall models.
Many of the most striking mo
dels find their charm and beauty
in the clever combining of Sat
in and Georgette, Taffeta and
Georgette, Satin dresses in the
straight line and Hickson mod
els. Scores of models have been
produced along these lines and
are being approved by the lead
ers of fashion through the East.
Buttons, laces and embroideries
constitute the main trimmings.
This offers a splendid opportun
ity for you to view the new
styles in this authoritative dis
play of silk dresses.
New Frocks
The new arrivals are of distinctive
different materials. There's a lot of sat
isfaction in selecting a dress from such
a pretty assortment, as we are showing
for fall, in all the best colors and style
originality.
Lovely New
Evening Frocks .
We really must admit that we feel
a degree ot pride when we think how
pretty they are. Dresses that you
will enthuse over if you appreciate
dainty, winsome frocks ; Chiffon Taf
feta, with new drape skirt, Hickson
models. Silk Net trimmed, with gold
and silver lace over metallic cloth, ,
Satin embroidered in silver, others trimmed with iride
scent gold and silver laces; in sades of turquoise, pink,
Nile maize, blue and also white.
.A"
w
Wr ,
X
we are advised of a 30 V .'C:
E f'v'sM u A !
per cent advance in pres- J C& '. t- j L-. U
t J? J , ;
ent prices of Refrigera- jLrfw-,
tors, we are offering a 10 fL.' HS? ; !'f
per cent reduction on all ff ': 'lLTfj 'j
Refrigerators. Buy now! J jvj! '
You may not be able to V t', . f j
buy later. tei
FURNITURE AND RUGS
IN THE JPALL SHOWING
Visit our Furniture and Rug sections on the second
floor and see the many pretty home comfort ideas that are
shown there.
Make your house into a home thi3 winter.
TheNew Slip-Over Sweater
This is something new that is bound to find favor with
the out-of-doors woman. Made with large high collars
and wide belts, no buttons; shown in many beautiful
shades.
Fancy Fall Silks Priced Especially
Attractive At the Yard $1.69
Just arrived, a shipment of new fall silks in the newest patterns, 35 and 36-inch
Taffetas and Satins in plaids and stripes. They are all small pieces from five to fif
teen yard lengths, the end of the season accumulation of a large silk house. We would
like to say here that the end of the season for these large silk houses is several months
in advance of our regular season's end. These silks would sell regularly fit $2.00 j
and $2.25 per yard. Now on sale at, the yard $1.69 ;
Crepe de Chine Undergarments
Since Cleopatra first sighed on the Nile for silk
undergarments, and sent her slaves thousands of
miles over the Himalayas to secure the silk for her,
women of every country have longed for silk un
dergarments. We have a lovely selection of Cami-
; coles, Teddy Bears, Night Gowns, Bloomers, etc.,
i ! moderately priced.
ONE PIECE SLEEPING GARMENTS.
One style made of plain Batiste, priced at $1.95
Silk Striped Crepe Sleeping Garment, in pink only, at $2.95
m
Pay Only $1 Weekly for Hoosier Kitchen Cabinet
Watch For the Large Saturday Evening Post Advertisement
$1.00 weekly brings a Hoosier Cabinet into your kitchen. With it you get the
valuable ideas of the Kitchen Science experts. These women have spent years in
finding new kitchen helps.
Notable Silks in The
Early Autumn Showing
CREPE DE CHINE. A complete line of all wanted
colors to choose from, including black and white. There
are China blue, reseda, seal brown, navy, steel gray, wild
rose, midnight blue, taupe, purple, gold and ivory. 40
inches wide, at the yard $2.00
SILK MESSALINE In an exceptional showing of the
latest shades, navy, taupe, wine, myrtle, Alice olive, old
rose, Kelly green and brown. 27 inches wide. A good
weight, at, the yard $1.00
GEORGETTE CREPE To get an adequate idea of
their beauty, you should see them; excellent for street
and evening frocks; in marine blue, taupe, reseda, purple,
chartreuse, myrtle, shell pink, light blue, flesh, wine,
maize, ivory and black.
PUSSY WILLOW TAFFETA SILK A soft and lus
trous fabric, very suitable for evening and street wear,
in a large assortment of shades, as myrtle, midnight blue,
reseda, wild rose, delph blue, champagne, lilac, grape, Kel
ly green, apricot, grey, taupe, corn flower, ivory and
black, at, the yard $2.50
NEW FANCY PLAID TAFFETA SILK A plain
ground with satin over-plaid effect; many pretty combina
tions of colors. These are especially good for separate
skirts. Full yard wide, at, the yard $2.25
SHOWING NEW FANCY PLAID SUITINGS That
are especially adapted for school wear. Mothers who have
girls in school should not overlook this opportunity, at.
the yard 35c
The Fall Blouses Are Lovely
Pleasantly fresh and airy of Georgette, in white, flesh
and combination of suit colors, beautifully trimmed with
filet and Venitian laces; some have large sailor collars
while some have high button necks.
t
4
V
I
t
i t
I"
MINING
SECTION
SOCIETY
SECTION I
3
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 20. NO. 80.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 9, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
Si
1
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
Ml
1 )
I
,1
1
J-
f
!
I
It
1
1
I.
1
Three Factors Retard
Resumption In Full
Of Arizona Mining
Possibility That Government Will Fix a Price for Copper,
Which Would Mean Smaller Wages Is Having a Depress
ing Effect on the Industry in This State. Shortage of Am
erican Labor, Due to Various Causes, Is Another Contrib
uting Influence.
ITALIANS CONTINUE ADVANCE ON TRIESTE,
! THE OBJECTIVE OF TIIEIIt TREMENDOUS DRIVE
5 '
Three outstanding factors retard the regaining of normal conditions of
production of copper in Arizona, thj state's chief Industry, despite which
more headway is being made, however, than anticipated a few weeks ago.
Federal Action It Hold-Back.
The retarding factors are found in the federal disposition to lower the
price of copper, which means a reduction of wages, in an actual shortage of
American labor, and in the hesitancy of tha government to put troops in
strike infested districts with orders to see that all men desiring to work are
afforded protection.
May Follow Bisbee Example
The good results following an order of the last kind in the Globe-Miami
districts might have been expected to result in similar procedure in the Clif-ton-Morenci
districts, but as yet all efforts to secure the presence of troops
in the latter districts have been without avail. In the Globe-Miami districts
the order of the government to troops sent there to see to it that men desir
ing to work received protection was immediately followed by applications for
work at the different properties, with result that, less than a month later,
every property in the two districts is now working. More than two thous
and men are employed, of the normal operative force of around 5,000. Tim
number at work is being added to daily, but tot largely, selective employment
prevailing in order that resumption may be permanent. The Miami Copper
Co. .has half of its concentrator in operation and is able to keep it supplied
with the 700 men now working three shifts. Inspiration Copper has three
sections of its concentrator in operation. Old Dominion has over 700 men
on, its mill going and its smelter fired up. International smelter will be
going in another week. This is in contrast with entire Idleness at Clifton
Morenci, where there are no troops, and where the men desiring to return
to work will .not brave the intimidation which is upon the district.
Americans Only Are Wanted.
Throughout the state the operators desire to put on Americans only who
are avowedly loyal to the government. The alien element, in the main com
posed of Americans who were identified with th I. V. element, is not
being taken back into employment. But witn .the development of trouble in
the several strike rones the majority of the Americans left the state to find
employment elsewhere. The general shortage of labor made this easy and in
consequence Arizona Is minus at least 30 por cent of its former supply of
American workmen. To this must be added the further drain made by the
selective draft. Desirable American labor from other parts of the country,
attracted by the high wages paid by the copper producers, is coming in, but
it is not a rapid process. Furthermore, mjeh of this labor is entirely un
skilled in mining. It picks up the work with comparative quickness but can
not be expected to develop full efficiency for some time. This phase of the
sitation is the worst of the leavings of the strike agitators, in point of deter
ring the producers from giving the full output of metal of which the govern
ment and its allies stand in need.
Watching Price Consideration.
The factor of possible federal fixing of copper price Is gripping the at
tention of every mine operative in the state. Whatever reduction the gov-
I J)
, . " 7 NJc'.irr- Santo
i- 7 iS55&MT.GABWEl
1, .....
mm
DISTRIC
Deal Is Put Through Which!
May Mean Much to Miners '
Southwestern Part of the
. State.
The Cornelia Copper Mining com
pany has contracted with the South
ern Sierras Power company for 2,000
kwh. electricity to be furnished their
mine at Ajo. A line is to be con
structed from Yuma to Ajo, and the
connections made with the Califor
nia Company's line at Yuma. It wi'l
pass up the Gila and Antelope val
leys, through Wellton and Gila Rend
thence to Ajo. The contract calls
for the completion of the line within
the next 18 months. The Ajo Com-
I FAST
RESUMING ITS
NORMAL
AGAIN
More Men Are Being Put to
Work in Gila County Mines
Every Day. L W. W. and
Other Strikers Have Lost
Fight
GLOBE, Ariz.. Sept. 6. When ad
justment t the labor supply is asain
reached in the Globe-Miami district,
:here promises to develop one of the
most extraordinary periods of activity
ever witnessed in a western minin?
region.
pany proposes by this means to furn-jjt
Globe was originally a silver camp.
s copper values developed with
ish itself power for the operation ot
its vast mining properties at Ajo.
This enterprise means the wonder
ful development of an extensive coun
try, which now is practically dormant
from lack of means to promote indus-i veioping ceased vheu
try. inousanas ot acres of the best,v.;:ich naVe not
lands that lie out of doors in the ! ment for further operation or develop
Gila and Antelope valleys will thusment. These properties are now com
be brought into cultivation by means ing into the limelight and Kettin in-
depth, and are continuing to gt'jw in
both extea: and richness as greater
depth is attained. But fr.er are manr
ou'lying properties in the Clobe-Mia-
imi area upon winch miria? and ie-
ilvei' ft 11 anl
siui e received iuvesi-
cf water that will be lifted through
wells. The power to perform this
work is all that has kept this country
back. Now that the government has
thrown the Gila valley out of the Yu
ma project, the people who have in
vestigation.
The strong advance of silver and
the opinion of metal value experts
that it will go higher, even though
there may be temporary setback to
price Decause oi sucn operations as
eminent may make will mean a proportionate reduction in wages, the sched
ule of which is based upon the market sales price of the metal under the
profit sharing plan voluntarily advanced by the operators early in 1915. All
operators in Arizona, regardless of the predominating metal mined, have
based their wages upon the copper scale. Thus the operatives have been
saved from ny share in the surplus profits tax or in bearing the constantly
increasing cost of mine supplies, steel, timber, powder, etc., in the aggregate
an enormous load.
Price of Commodities Advancing.
Meantime the price of all commodities has advanced and workmen con
front a condition in which they can less, afford a cut a wages than they could
at a lower base wage in 1914. It is a circumstance that is preventing many
men from returning to the Arizona mines, at least until the government's de
cision is made known, and then only in the event that the metal price is left
to the law of supply and demand, while there will be a further loss of men
from the mines who will seek employment in other sections of the counfry
where it possible to maintain lower living costs. The uncertainty of the sit
uation in the meantime reaches into all Arizona industrial and trade channels,
tending to tightening of money and the curtailment of new enterprise of all
kind.
Immense Sum for Development.
Twenty-five million dollars is a conservative estimate upon money which
the mining industry plans the expenditure of in Arizona during the present
year.
This sum does not include expenditures being made or planned by new
companies or developing companies yet lacking the establishment of com
mercial ore bodies. It comprises only money of which appropriation had been
made by producing concerns for enlargements and betterments. It does not
take in consideration the general run of appropriations for continued devel
opment of resources, making an aggregate much in excess of $25,000,000.
Much of the new work has been delayed and some of It is indefinitely
postponed by the labor troubles brought upon the state in the first half of
the year through anti-government, pro-German influence. These delays ami
postponements represent an enormous current loss in wages to skilled work-
Above, Austrian marines at Trieste, end below, a view of the harbor of Trieste whose civilians are said to be
planning an evacuation. The map shows the rapid advance of the Italians on the Bains izza plateau and
further south in the Carso region they are also taking important positions.
- Despite the desperate efforts of the Austrian forces to withstand the tremendous offensive of the Italians
the latter have gone rapidly forward and have secured positions that greatly endanger the Austrian hold on
Trieste, the objective of the Italian drive. The Italians now dominate the plains beyond Gorizia and have
threatened the Austrian lines of communication with their advances on the Bainsizza plateau. Civilians are
said to be evacuating Trieste although it is unlikely that the Italians will bombard the town, as much of ita
property is owned bv fellow countrvmen.
DECISION
UPON
I contact with the gas and as a result
I may float to the surface in the form
FLOTATION
CASE
vested there with the view they were , the recent British embargo placed up
scme day to have the advantages of, on shipments to India, extends the
the project will take new hope. In broadest of encouragemen. to atten
ad (lit ion to the irrigation feature of.tion to silver zones in Arizona, of
the enterprise the mining properties j which there are not a few, but among
between Yuma and Ajo will be bene-. which there are none jf larger possl
fitted to an inestimable degree in . biiities than those centering about
placing cheap electric energy at their j Globe.
very doors. It will also serve as a ' There is the further fact that all
stimulus to the settlement of the . Globe copper ores carry considerable
lands recently thrown open in the 'Silver. Greater incentive is therefore
Gila valley. And. still in addition to ' extended for their production. In soma
i all these benefits, comes the great ad-' ot the mines of the distict there are
ing party will have the right to ask vantage to men all along the line who,knowI bodies of c'opper ore in which
the supreme court to call the case up 'are developing ranches. j th silver values predominate and
for review. It is one of the most important deals nicn have been put aside in years
In the meantime, however, the that has been made in that section ofPast for mining when silver should at-
I of a froth or scum which can be
senarated afterwards bv anv well
. known means. The object of intro-j Miami company will be under lnjunc- country for many days, and means! tain a higher price. In no district in
Idiirin!? th air or other eas into the i tiori. and the most that it can do is to the reclaiming of two or three huu.!the 8tate "re there larger reserve
VERY EXPENSIVE!
as will produce the desired froth, but
the claims are not confined to a par
ticular device or a particular degree
of agitation.'
! "I may further add that the diffi-
Companies Using Patents or!cuUies wh'ch thf Philadelphia court
r exDenenced as to the limitation of
Modifications Thereof will the first or oil patent to some partic-
Be Forced to Pay Big Sum! j tnf Zl
to Minerals Separation. j shown to be directly contradicted by
. the very terms of the patent itself.
As to the accounting, the plaintiff
mixture is such agitation of the pulpi pile up in dumps, subject to deterior- dred thousand acres of land which
ation, the valuable tailings from its ; would He dormant indefinitely without
water concentration plant now treat- cheap power,
ed by flotation and go back to thel
conditions which prevailed in tne! .. -.., .
plant before flotation was adopted. ; PCUTD n D 1 1 T L Q
The patents in suit expire respective-j (jL lUlL Oil I I L 10
ly xov. o, ivzs, June zs, ana June
9,1913. Until these patents expire the
..I Xl.'nml rA ..-ill U nkontiit.t. hrtiind fiv
were all -"""" - " ' '
case and ' tne injunction and can use flotation
only with the consent ot the owners
of the patents.
"In the Butte and Superior suit the
sworn reports filed in court by the de
fendant covering the period from Nov.
1, 1913, to date, show profits of about
20,000,000 due to flotation. In this
instance, the costs of operating the
The continued ivctories of the MIn-: is entitled to all of the profits tttri
erals Separation Co. In the federal j butable to the infringing acts. The
courts of the United States against; Miami Copper Co. added flotation at
the copper and spelter producing min- the tail end of its plant to recover
Heine- metal from material formerlv thrown
its patented process or modifications away. AH of that recovery is therefore notation plant appear in the sta e
thereof without license may cost the! due to flotation, and Minerals Separa- men s and show that they are consid
mining companies a very heavy penal-, tion. Ltd.. is entitled to all of the pro- wanly less than 6 per cent of the value
ty in damage claims Kts of that recovery. j f tlle concentrates.
A W V L CI ii , 111V v iiiiiu uiiu in, iiu;
Henry D. Williams, New York, of "The Miami Co. has filed in court
proved their flotation operations with
E OF PROSPECT
bodies of ore of this class. Bisbee ex
cepted. The Bisbee mines have mil
lions of tons of such m$:al, the wis
dom of holding which bark fi'Jin pro
duction through many years of low
prices for silver is now apparent.
Globe-Miami district mines are now
all at work. Although the joint strike
or the I. U. M. if & S. V. and the I.
Y. V. has no: been called off. it is no
i .tinger a factor in the industrial situa-
tion in the district. Federal troops
, make it possible for all men to work
who desire to do so. The real trouble
j is the scarcity of American labor, o!h-
...... e ... , er ,han which will not be employed in
Possibilities of Making An-the district in the future. A great
(L . v M... D (many Americans left the district Just
other Mine Near Pearce)prior . tne gtrike and durlng u irst
Are Great. Property Is lew weeks. These have found emploj-
n ir I j i7'ii. rt j ment elsewhere and not many of them
toeing "wcu vvim ac- win immediately return. Consequent
termination. lv tne mines can get back sloyly to
normal forces or operatives. Tne same
condition prevails in other distriqts of
What may Drove a valuable addi-! the state wherein strike troubles have
counsel lor uie oeparaiiun v o., was; sworn reports covering me pe rum i , . . . , . j . . . , .K:' ' r " , -
asked concerning various phases of! from Oct. 5, 1916. to the first of A,.- complete tabulated statements in the.r, tion to uhe mineral wealth of Cochlse ; prevailed and represents the largest
this all important litigation and
responds as follows:
he! gust and showlr-'that the total value efforts to nelP the Butte and SuPer county is the Central Butte lne j damage inflicted upon industry by he
i, .i,', ' . ""Lo . k lor Co- 80 tner nave suppled evi- , , d , tn . . tn, countVl strike organizers. It will not be over-
r ' Hanin rT fhnl' nfplnDonionr .nd Itu . I ;! ehAH. I. Mo-nm annv.lv t
The effort of the Miami Copper tation during that period was $2,765.-. . , " ,T Z and lnree mlle9 rrom tne Common-' J-""'" " "
They commenced to use flotation '
Co. to reach the supreme court having
been abandoned, two proceedings fol
low as mere matters of form and in
evitably. One is a permanent injunc-; and commenced to operate this in Au
tion against the Miami Copper Co. re- gust, 1914. We roughly estimate
straining further infringement of the that their total recoveries in flotation
three patents in suit, the first patent amount to $3,000,000, and that the
for flotation with the use of a small: costs "jf flotation were very small In
quantiy of oil, the second patent for j deed, and the difference between the
flotation with the use of a solut ion i actual cost and the value constitutes
frothing agent dissolved in the ore I the profits due to infringement to
pulp, and the third patent for flota- which Minerals Separation are enti-i
tion with the.use of phenol or cresol,tled.
in the cold and without acid. I "Tiie accounting will proceed be-
"In my opinion this will absolutely! fore William H. Mahaffey. the clerk
extent. The monetary values have not
i.u i i i - mnnr ennni in neniana. ronuiiion inau
i I'm i ii ill 1 it I K is . ill) w lit' i ii if . , .
. vut n iiu a T-.1 jl Vi 1 1 f will iinHmiYifbxtl V . ... ... In f Ik. il r-a Y1 fhot la nn KB3f
in December, 1913. and thereafter put 1' " " ,w h- vl' pr08ecU,ea n ,n'8 troen7- lDe ma- ' " -
in their pneumatic or Callow plant, ' !"ya being thoroughly overhauled! "0.
Its mill has been started and
vada Consolidated has also Infringed and a ew aIowg frame erected over
was also proved although here the de- the 1S0 foot shaft The ,nterJ men.
tails have not appeared.
ested in this property are anxiously
!the smelter fires ore going. Miami
Under the patent laws the paten-! awaltinit tne resumntion or drillinit in!CPPer has about as many men on'
tee is entitled to all or the proHts duo le shaft I with hair or Its mill going and the
to their Infringement. If. ror any I Mr a h sth.r. nro.i.w -n.i Propenty near ready vb take on the
. ' , . third shift Inspiration has four sec-
reason, the nrofits cannot be deter-' , j, , .n
i UiauaKiiJK uiicLivi ui v ivuuij Lima' , . .,. - tll , ,
mined then he is entitled to damages.' thl8 in ppeak!ng of tne deveIopnient ; tion. of its mill go
ami hp hest measure of damages Is . . . . smeller nas aDOUt nnisnea cieanins
anu -ne Desi measure oi uaniages is ot th property. Before the present , .
the royalty usually charged to II- companP ,Pa8 J,corpor.ted and while! " f'ZA men! b.vl
censses. Obviously a court will not th Pr ' rtv waa . dpv1,ODpd hT! nort,3r- ..SeVer1 .hun.dred !lw,.hTf
! peen rustling wors aooui me auier-
its former owners, the last work was: .u. b ThM. k-
rnmnol a natentee to take from an in
- ----- 1 1 h iornier uwutfrs. um i.i L nur. w.m: . . i .
wj, 1 ' I .i.,. ., mMt,uiu -iii I em propenies mis ween.
prevent the use of the flotation pro-! of the court, who has been appointed; ' ."' ,,' k iiL.I. f ' done on tho maIn 8ha"' nd a aeP,h: ing returned to worK are selected very
" or ISO feet was reached. The owners, rftfllUv A11 of the ,meter nroduc
as a last resort In the event that the had rfached the end of tneir re-! Sfe" of Je dWrS iToZ
profits due to Infringement cannot be gources and mm forced tQ ghut own "J1" ore
determined. Had the Jackllng group ,t was not 80me time after thisierat,ng a" K'ttins ore,
of mines taken licenses, as have the tnat it was discovered that the last!
Anaconda, the Inspiration. Senator or .nkpn nu. .hp .haft wao carrv-l Women who are British subjects.
cess in any Torm, with Callow cells! ma;;ter by consent or parties to con
now installed, or with any other con-; duct these proceedings. He will sum
trivances. The comfort which Mr. ! mon the defendant before him and
Callow has derived from the opinion; proceed to a complete examination of
of the Philadelphia Court has been j their accounts for the purpose or as
solely based upon what the court said certainng the profits due to infringe
as to the oil patent. That court said: ment. He will have full access to all
as f.o the solution patent that the j or their accounts, and can call before
claims 'are not confined to a partlc-j him any of their officers and employes
ular device or a particular degree ofjto obtain the necessary information,
agitation' and that the means fcirlThe accounting will be comparatively
(Continued on Page Two)
bringing about the agitation are 'de
scribed in terms that are wide and in
clusive,' and then, quoting the specifi
cation itself:
" 'The air or other gas is to be 'lib
erated in. generated in. or effectively
introduced itno the mixture,' in order
that the ore particles may come into
simple.
"The master's report will be filed,
and after approval by Judge Bradford
an appeal can be taken to the court
of appeals, which will, however, only
consider questions involved in the ac
counting. This decision will bo final
and unappealable, although the los-
born or naturalized in Canada, are to
be given the ballot. Wives and daugh
ters of foreign-born men will not be
given the vote, except in cases of some
widows of naturalized homesteaders.
liarns ana many oiner mines, mey ,ng 8uIph!(leg. i the meantime the
would merely have had to pay reas- ghaft nad fied to a depth of 100 feet
onable royalties, but as it is, they are wjtn yter.
faced with a heavy liability for their A indication8 are that the shaft is
unlawful acts, as welT as the prospect enterIn. a body of high grade sul
of being deprived of the benefits of pnides and lf lnis pr0Tes to be the
flotation during the terms of the ou- cage tne stockholders of this county than the 15th of September so the
trolling patents." . wiU De highly rewarded for their in-1 stockholders will not be kept long in
vestment. It will be the work of onlyj suspense. H Is the Intention of the
Withdrawal or $500,000 gold Wed- a day or so to unwater the shaft, as' company to crowd the development
nesday ror export to Japan was first the flow of water is only about 1200 J work on this shaft to full capacity and
since new plan requiring licensing or' gallons a day. j they are confident that they will soon
gold exports was announced. ' Drilling will be resumed not later j be able to announce a real strike. TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 9, 1917.
PRODUCES
U.S.
NEARLY HALF OF
WORLDS
SILVER
I superior smelting and refining facilt-1
' ties, .and also because the United
' States as the world's largest produc
i er of silver has special facilities for
marketing that product in other parts
i of the world.
I In the fiscal year 1917, for which,
,11 months' figures are now available,
, the value of silver exported was about
j $75,000,000, slightly exceding in
I value that of any earlier year. ju 11 r
World production of silver hasi"e u junnsun supper
IS
PROSPEROUS AND
MAKING PROGRESS
Recent dvance in the White
I materially declined since the begin
' ning of the war. The total output in
Metal Has Drawn ttention M13. the yr immediately preceding
. . r cl the war' was 2-3-90u00t ounces, but
to the Production of bilver dropped to i60.62e.00n in 1914, 179,-
in This Country.
; W4.om in ana iz..S94,uuu in i
i 1915, the decline occurring in coun-j
: tries other than the United States, I
Development Company De
clares That Prospects in
Northern Cochise Are Excellent
James Tone, eeneral manager of the
The recent changes in the world s our own production having been in j jonnson Copper Development coni
demands for silver and consequent 1913, 7S.861.000, and in 1916, 72.SS4,- panyt was jn Douglas yesterday from
advance In prices are of special in- 000 ounces. j jonnson camPi coming to have some
terest to the United States, which is ' Nearly one half of the world's pro- j repa;r work done on one of ni8 nia.
now the worlds largest producer of Ruction of silver prior to the war,chine dril8 Mr Tong ha8 been lu
silver. was used ia the arls and industries, charge of tne Johnson Development
A compilation by the National City i the director of the mint having es- j conlpany for gix years coming l0 this
bank of New York shows that the , timated the consumption for arts and region frequently on business,
silver production of the United States industries in 1912. 97,000,000 ounces, j Tong has ju8t compieted the instal
ls now double that of Mexico and out of a total production in that yearj j,,,, of a 75,hor8e power compressor
three times that of Canada, wnicn w,uu,uvu oumra. ! which is now in successful operation.
holds third rank among the silver
producing countries of the world.
Of the 172,383,000 ounces of silver
At present, according to current re- The ojny ha8 . 8haft twelve huu
ports, the countries at war are in- j dred feet deep and a cr088CUt ,8 bein!;
creasing materially their coinage of ' from thft lowt le, The cross.
produced in the world In 1916 the ; silver, partly to take tne place or cut u now ln 125 feet and at 285 fet
United States produced 72,833,000 , Rold being withdrawn from circula- R u expected tnat tne main 8Ulphide
ounces, or 42 per cent of the world's ' tion for other purposes, and in part ore zone will be encountered. Con
total, while 20 years ago, 1896, we to accompany the issues of non-me- 8ideraW e ore ha8 alread y been encoun-
tamc curency which nave been madeitered m the drjft and a car wi be
necessary by the demands of the Alpved aet week whu.n wln run ten
produced but 37 per cent of the world
production, which in that year was
157.061,000 ounces.
In that 20-year period, 1896 to 1916,
Meanwhile, however, the demands sjver
per cent copper and five ounces in
the production of the United States j of the Orient are also apparently in- T,,9 Cabriza company, under the di-
has Increased about 14.000,000 ounces. ! creasing, s.nce our own exports of sil- rection of Bob Morrison, is continu
while that of other parts of the world i vr to the Orient in the fiscal year jng work and ,g making reguiar ship.
has increased only about 1,000,000 j probably aggregate $16,000,-, ments tQ pa80 Aao the Kepstone
in 1916 and $6,000,000 in 1915.
ounces.
The world's chief producers of sil
ver are the United States, Mexico,-
lanaua. r-eru, japau, opam, AuUa.a TQ THE UNEMPLOYED MEN AND
and Chili, in the order named, the
United States having produced in
1915, for which figures of all coun
tries are available, 74.961,000 ounces,
Mexico 39.570,000, Canada 28.401,000,
Spain 4.565.000, Australia 3,327,000;
world total 179,574.000.
In 1916, for which returns are not
WOMEN
STATES:
. company is doing development work
: and occasionally this company sends
out a car of ore.
A new company, the Thunderbolt of
UNITED El Fa so, is just stalling work and is
; now receiving development machinery.
In the Johnson district there are
canvassing for a about 250 men at work, according to
OF THE
Why not try
change? A pleasant and profitable , Mr. Tong.
money-making pastime, either perma-,
nent or temporary. Unna's Mending; Experience the Best Teacher.
Tissue is the best and easiest selline -ii.. j,i,. . ,
- - j ,, . j u lb ia fjCiiiiau, an iii i v k vi ; 1 1 1-, caili-
yet available for many of the smaller agents article on -he market today; ience 5a the best teache, but. should
countries, the production of the Uni- BU .tt'.-'cu: ol ,menl.; everyone puys
wu;a aaiu tuxtri uiice using;
a 0nAo n-na TO CC1 AAA niinrxtc XIv.
ico 35,000.000, Canada 25.500.000 and a" fb"c waoul.:he ufe, of
we not make use of the experience of
others as well as our own' The ex-
nciofi r. , , . . penence oi a inousaau persons is
the world's-total 172.384.000 ounces. and gew,ng maerlal8. ri(JiculousIy more to be depended upon than tiiiit
In the distribution of our surplus ; easjr to use; 8anlpje8 and fulj par. of one individual. Many thoutaiids of
silver a very large proportion goes to - ticulars and instructions by mail post- persons have used Chaniberluir.'a
Europe, the remainder chiefly to the paid for only 10c. silver or stamps. Cough Kcmcdy for coughs and colds
Orient. . Millions now sold throughout the with the best results, which shows it
In the fiscal year 1916, the latest United States, Canada and Mexico.-to be a thoroughly reliable prepr.ra-
for which complete figures are now Won't you join and start making tion for those diseases. Try It. it
available, we exported $53,172,000 mone3r now? Ad,1rss today, New is prompt and effectual and pleasant
opeciaiues (o, bi Broadway, totae Adv
New York City. Adv. '
worth of silver of which $41,032,000
went to England, $8,240,000 to China
and $1,385,000 to South America.
We also exported in that year $6,
420,000 worth of foreign silver, out ot
a total of $34,154,000 worth sent to
us chiefly from our near neighbors.
Mexico. South America and Canada,
part of it coming in the form of ore
and a part as refined bullion. Most of
this is sent to us because of our
PRIVATE Sanitarium for mental
cases exclusively. Located
near the Ocean at Venire.
Cal. House Physician Is a mental
specialist of wide reputation. Only
nurses having years of experience
In this special work employed. For
terms write Mrs. F. Crossland, Ma
tron. Palms. Cal.
CASTRO IN HAVANA.
HAVANA, Sept. 8. Cipriano Cas
trOj former president of Venezuela,
returned to Havana today after a visit
to Mexico. General Castro declined
to see newspaper men and remained
in his stateroom aboard the steamer
on which he arrived. He is expected
to proceed immediately for New York.
f 1 I
Savages are "keyed" by means of serial num
bers. And are distributed by our own organiza
tion, not sold to middlemen in huge quantities
and carried in stock sometimes for a year or
more.
We know just where a casing is and how long
it has been there. The minute a tire reaches the
the doubtful age, the point beyond which there
is possibility of deterioration, it is replaced by a
new casing.
You are always sure of getting live tires, full
of "pep" and miles, when you buy
!
MICE AID U-BOATS IX DELAYING
WHEAT SHIPMENTS TQ THE ALLIES
.
ft " J
I1
Til
h ;v . ;JV : T
t - ' I - Ax- x
V i. ,.v a,:.. - rt. Y, . ,vTi:. r 5-.,; jr , . ... A,--
i i - 1 r ' , ; .
! V, .
a Wheat raided by mice.
i
i
f.y-o stores of wheat in an Australian elevator on their way to the
Allies were recently discovered to have been largely djinafou by m;te.
Wheat is so precious the world over at this season that tho Lanugo tloro
by mice is a serious menace. In the case of the Australian wneat the
preatest damage was the delay necessary to put the -wheat in conuit:on
Bamin f.r transnort.
lave you
SEEN GOB YARD?
IT IS NO LITTLE
JERK WATER ONE
ONE VISIT AND
YOU WILL BUY
YOUR LUMBER
BILL FROM US,
MANY OTHERS
HAVE. DROP IN
AND SEE WHAT
WE HAVE AND
THE WAY WE
TAKE CARE OF IT.
WE ARE WORTH
YOUR KNOWING
AND
We Want Your
Busines
Gibson-Hines
Lumber Co.
J.W.F.SmiMgr. PhoncSS
3
J. B.
ANGIUS
B
J
NEW HEAD OF OUR
AIRPLANE FLEET
w $
IWEM POUNDS
Railroad Man Says Tanlac Is
the Only Thing That Help
ed Him After Suffering 4
Years.
0. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO
Rootrt Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambuianc
EYE NERVc GLASSES
Study and much re
search work since
1S32, is the cause of
my successful practic
in Uifabee. Dr. R.
Glaze, NeutruloKlst,
Room 1, Maze Bids., Phone, OCice
liC, Residence, Black 420.
am
aviator, of the sipnal corps has been
assigned the charpe oi tne aviauon
division in the office of the chief sig
nal officer, war department. He was
with the aero squadron in Mexico.
HEBp big mikaqsl
THE WESTERN VULCANIZ
ING SHOP
Johnson Addition Lowell, Ariz.
"If the people of this town only
knew what Tanlac had done for nw
you would sell a thousand bottli-s to
morrow," said Tom Stnngi'ellow. a
well known employe of the Southern
Railwey, who lives at 125 East Ninth
street, Anniston, Ala. Mr. Strinsf'-l-low
is well known in railway circleb
and is on the Atlanta and Birming
ham division. ,
"I suffered from stomach trouble
and indigestion for four years," run
tinned Mr. Strinpfellow, "and got so
I couldn't eat hardly anything. I fell
off until I only weighed one hundred
ninettjon pounds and finally pot so
weak and run down I was on the point
of having to -resign my position. To
tell you the truth I just felt like life
was not worth living because I Just
seemed to bo getting worse all the
time and nothing seemed to do me any
good.
"I would have awful pains in my
Major Beajamin JJ. Foulois. hc kidneys and could hardly
sleep. Two hours each n!ght would
Major Benjamin B. Foulois, senior be about oll the ,,,,,p j ,.,mld K,.,
Most always after eating I would hav
gas on my stomach and my heart
would palpitate. I would get weak
in my limbs and have dizzy spells ami
' would have spots in front of my eyes.
"About a month ago I began read
ing about Tanlac, and heard the rail
road men talking about it. Several
of my friends had taken the medicine
I and said it was a fine thing for stoiu-
i ac.h trouble, so I decided to give it a
trial. The first bottle helped me so
much I kept on taking it and have
i just linished my fifth bottle. When
I weighed the other day I kicked the
beam at one hundred forty-one pounds
and was so surprised I turned around
to see if some one was not standing
on the scales. Yes, sir. that's a fact.
I had actually gained twenty-two:
pounds and feel like a well man again '
for the first time in four years.
"Tanlac helped me right from the
start, and before I had finished tak
ing the second bottle I got so I would
cat and bleep and work as good as
anybody. That's what the medicine
did for me. and everybody who knowi
me will tell you t.'ie same thing. Why,
I can just eat anything now and indi
gestion never bothers me a pnrticl?
any more. I can sleep got)d, too, and
feel just fine in every way. Speaking
of eating, niy grocery bills have gone
up to almost double.
"J'.ist to show you what I think of
the medicine I bought a dozen bottles
today in order to always have a snp
pl yon band. 1 wouldn't be without it
for anything in the world."
Tanlac is sold in I'.isl-ee by J M.
Hall. Douglas by Douglas Drug Co., in
I'aradise by (!. A. Walker, in Howie,
by Howie Drug Co., and in Situ Simon
by J. H. Cooke.
We are paying good prices
tor hides.
ARIZONA JUNK CO.
Lowell, Arizona.
WATKINS & BERGQU1ST
Jewelers and Opticians
I The HALLMARK Store
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
PURE
FOOD,
GROCER
PHONE 29
I
i
CHICHESTER S PILlS
LlUi Ak Jo-r Ira.(lM Urn .
fi'A Mil. la u.l fcett KtuAVJ
i ate ittr tiny mr mmr
years kaow M Bctt. Si'-st. Alwy Kli4u-i
SOLD BY D31QGIFIS EVEC1AHERE
To All Deputies
I want to impress upon each dep
uty sheriff the absolute necessity
for extreme self-control, cool, calm
judgment and patience. Avoid all
display of weapons. Remember,
you are deputized for protection of
self and property and the mainten
ance of peace. You are subject to
my call, a call which will be made
when necessary.
Let no act of yours tend to de
feat the object for which you were
deputized, namely the preservation
A peace. I hold each man respon
sible for any illegal act or excess of
lis authority and this applies to ev
;ry man in this district.
HARRY C. WHEELER,
Sheriff.
CATARRH
OF THE '
4 BLADDER
N lWUblBi Urn
'24 Hours
Each Csi- ' v
oi beam the (M1DY)
VVamoar- VV
Bisbee 5 Phones Tombstone 83
PvOCKHlLL'S STAGE
BISBEE TOMBSTpNE
Leaves Bisbee:
Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a.m 1:3Q p.m.
Leaves Tombstone:
Arlington Hotel 10 a.m., 5 p.m.
7-Paseenger Cars Careful Drivers
J. L. STROYICK, LOWELL, ARIZONA
OLD MASON BLACKSMITH SHOP
General blacksmithing and horseshoeing; welding, auto springs a spe
cialty; storage room for autos by the month. I also handle the famous
Norwalk casings and tubes. 6000 to 7000 miles guarantee. 1 also have
two second hand cars for sale.
THREE FACTORS RETARD
(By Uevlew Leased Wire)
WofcA for the .
red Savage rgrt
sen.-
T I reven; '"etcnoriticai. tlicku
TttrlNITE TUBES
aixtitc vulcanised into th turfjrr
ckioi. fnctioa wJ heattnc- Make
opf ion uune.cftrjr. Lengthens tne IU ot tM aioes.
1
I
E
Mlt' "
men, trade channels and tax income,
county, state and national.
Steam Shovel Plants.
Among the larger delays, that to
carrying out of the Copper Queen
$5,000,000 steam shovel mining and
I concentrator erection plans, to the
I I'nited Verde steam shovel, new ma
chine shop, smelter enlargement and
railroad lifting enterprises, to the
Verde Extension smelter construction
and to important betterments in tin
j Clifton-Morenci district, are notable,
j They alone represent planned expen
I ditures, beginning of which has been
I made, of S14.0UO.OUO. The remaining
j $11,000,000 of the estimate is scattered
anion?; all of the other important pro
I during camps. HumUoldt with $2,0ihi,-
000 under way of expenditure. Hay
with- $2,000,000 in course of expendi
ture lead the list. Globe-Miami had
upwards of $1,000,000 going into bet
terments when closed down.
Aside from this there are to be con
sidered some millions which had le'ii
engaged for additional equipment and
development of new properties in He-strik-
zones. Much of this money
has since been indefinitely held up.
Investors are occupying a waiting at
jtitude toward Arizona mining nllairs,
one that is working a hardship upon
; some properties of excellent promise
in both old and new districts, the in
, creas.-d output from which of copper.
1 lead, silver and zinc would be of
much importance to the government.
I not only in point of increases of need-
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best ol everythinz at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Diversion to (lu!f an d South Atlan
tic rorts of virtually all foodstuff
destined to Kurope is planned as gov
ernment war measure to relieve con
ed metals, but because of additional gesiiou of railroads and ports in the
revenues for the war treasury. east.
THE BODY OF OUR PAINT
Is j ure white lead. It is mixed with
turpentine or pure linseed oil ae
rording to whether it is to be used
for in or outside work. There Is no
grit in It; no adulterants to make
its manufacture cheaper. Paint ex
perts always get their supplies
here. Wouldn't It be wise for you
to follow their cxampCe.
Bisbee Lumber Company. in
EMIL MARKS, MGR. LOWELL CAR STOP
C
PHONE 25 THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 9, 1917.
THREE
5
i
4
t
9
1
4
4
J
'J
i
I
"A
'
J
;1
1
M
3
it
"i
!
3
3
9
SociG
Autumn Society In Warren District
c y- wr rrtF PA
mrromises to ue uniiKe mat or Am;
J? Previous Season; Khaki Is the Vogue
-
Not unlike society the country
over, the Warren District looks
into the fall with considerable
misgiving and its social whirl will
be tempered, to a large extent,
with khaki and with the white
and blue of the navy. Bisbee's
womanhood, in other words, those
who make society what it is, will
bend their efforts to that end of
making "Sammie's" stay in France
as agreeable as possible.
There will be balls and parties;
there will be teas and receptions,
but all will surely partake of the
dark brown color of the man at
the front, or those who are man
ning a gun "somewhere in the At
lantic." Society, here as in every other
town and city, will assume Its
share of responsibility in the na
tional crisis. It does this gladly
and without protest. The women,
in their functions and through
their club life, will make for a
better cleaner soldier and sailor;
for a better, bigger and more dem
ocratic America.
Socially or from a pure social
viewpoint there will be little to
enthuse over. Behind nearly
every event, behind nearly every
dance and every reception, some
benefit, some objective of aid or
relief will be seen. It will be a
fall season of real, honest, free-fcrm-prudery
and free-from-class
activities, with all working for a
common cause.
The fall promises more for
American society, and consequent
ly, for Warren District matrons
and misses, than has any season
for years. The war has had a
pobering effect on every home.
In some way, however remote,
the women are feeling the pinch.
It is not the pinch of the Ger
man hausfrau; it is not the
drugery of the French woman,
and it is not the need of the
English wife, it is a realization
that the war is at hand and that
casualty lists will bring sorrow.
In that province the woman of
the nation will rank supreme.
Her sorrows are the nation's
pearls. They remain supreme in
the home and consequently in the
country. When the men folk go
and die, the woman suffers.
'' Hence, Society, titled dame and
lowliest miss, will dance, soon, to
military music, will knit for some
one "over there" and will be
joined in her efforts by her sis
ters, throughout the country.
Khaki will be decidedely the
vogue.
A birthday party was given at the
home of Mrs. W. K. Watkins in hon
or of her daughter Miss Elsie Watkins.
attaining her eighteenth birthday. The
house was very tastefully decorated
with the national colors and with a
large flag of Old Glory extending the
full length of the room. There were
eighteen invited friends of Miss Wat
kins to correspond with her eighteen
years. The evening was spent witn
games and music and quite in com
memoration of our boys' departure to
fight the world's war. Dainty refresh
ments were served at a late hour and
each friend were he recipient of a
candle from the birthday cake. After
singing the national anthem all went
to their respective homes. Those
present were: Mr. Eugene Andreas,
Mr. William Fowler. Mr. Allen Lee
Hanly, Mr. Leslie W. Casebere, Mr.
Wiiliam Raney, Miss Mildred Trotman
Miss Mabel Sullivan, Miss Mabe
Johns, Miss Burdie Gardner, Miss
Bleds-'je Hambirk, Miss Attwood, Miss
Ida Watkins, Miss Aileen Ellis, Miss
Irene Ellis, Miss May Oates and Miss
Dorothy Oates.
Mrs. Dave Williams . and Mr. and
Mrs. George Deavers all of Duncan
motored over to Bisbee and while here
we-e the guests of Mrs. Estelline Rose
of Tombstone Canyon.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Ferguson have
returned from the east where they
have been fbr a number of weeks on
a visit to relatives and points of inter
est in the east.
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Wertz have re
turned from a month's v;;it to Las Ye
gas. X. M. Both Mr. and Mrs. Wertz
resided in the New Mexico town be
fore coming to Bisbee.
Mr. and Mrs. H .L Wattles have left
for San Diego. California, where they
will spend the winter.
Mr. and Mrs. Irwin Crouch, of Jig
gerville, celebrated their first wedding
anniversary 'on Friday evening at their
home. Both of the young people are
well and favorably known in the War
ren District and were the recipient?
of many congratulations upon the oc
casion.
Mrs. Jack' Gilbert and two tjns have
lef; for Long Beach where they expect
to remain for some time,
Mrs. Murry J. Woods, a resident of
Bisbee for many years, has left for
EI Paso. Texas, where she will be
I
married to Edward Jones of Las
! Cruces, X. M. After the wedding thej
! couple will go to the New Mexico city .
where they will make their future
I home. Both the bride and bridegroom ,
are well known in the Warren District.
Mrs. W. L. McCullum and two chil
dren have arrived ia Bisbee from Saf
ford and will mako their future home
here.
Miss Bessie Holuian is spending a
few days in El Paso on a vncation. She
will also visit the Huachncas and Tuc-
son before returning to Bishee. resident of Tombstone.
!
Miss Viva Willman has returned toj Mrs claud pPrris has left for Tomb
Tjmbstone after spending a few days j stone for a few day8 after whlcn slle
here on a visit to relatives and was j expet.ts to nlake ner futUre home in
accompanied by her younger sister, j rjiSDee
Mr. and Mrs. Felix J. Hanner. have Mr and Mr8 E c Campbell left
returned from a three weeks honey- on the Gulden State Limited for Cali
moon trip to various points in Ken-!fornia Where they will remain for a
tucky. .Mrs. Hanner was formerly
.Miss Dolly Fowler.
Mrs. Fred Harris left on the Golden
State Limited for Oakland. California,
where she will visit for the next two
months with relatives.
Mrs. NeNon Mann . and daughter
Ivey have left for Long Beach, Cali
fornia, where they will remain for a
few weeks.
Mr. and Mrs: Douglas Gray were in
the city from Tombstone to attend the
T.abor Day celebration.
Mrs. J. II. Slaughter and Mrs. M. A.
'lowell were in the city last week from
their home at the San Barnadino
anch. They attended the celebration
tt Warren.
Miss Mabel Hill. Miss Frances Stan
Tier and Miss Nellie Gi'jcbetti of the
Tombstone Telephone office were in
Bisbee over Labor Day to take in the.-
celebration at Warren.
Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Coles have re
turned from California where they
have been for the last few weeks on a
pleasure trip.
Miss Mary Turner has returned from
i two weeks vacation which she spent
!n the country with friends.
Miss Ella Callahan has returnee
home after spending a two weeks vaea
'icn in the country.
j for several weeks on a pleasure trip.
Miss Ursilla Reese, daughter of Dr. I
ind Mrs. Harry Reese left for an ex-j Mr. and Mrs. C. D. Reynolds who
tended visit in the east, she will be ! ;e spending a few days in this city,
iway several weeks. Jchve down to Douglas last Thursday.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry L. Eads werej Miss Susie Bone has returned to her
n the city on their way to Drng'as j home in Globe,
nd were registered at the Coy er i
lueen Hotel. They are traveling!
overland.
Mrs. Myrtle Bell is in the city from
Los Angeles on a visit to her parents,
Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Slaughter, sister
Mrs. King a brother Burl Slaughter.
Mr. Bell is expected to return here
;oon to join his wife.
Miss Irene Bennett 'of Wilcox was
"iere on a weeks visit with relatives.
Miss Norma Barr was in the city last
week on her way home to Tombstone
rom Douglas where she has been for
the last two weeks as the guest of Mrs.
Joe Hood.
l
Mrs. Guy Welch who has been in the
city for the week as the guest of Mrs.
William Brakefield, has returned to
here home in Tombstone. Mrs. Welch
is the wife of the Tombstone mayor.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Thomas were
'n the city last week on their way
home to Tombstone from Douglas
There they have been visiting Mr. and
Mrs. N. A. Patterson 'for a few days.
Mrs. Earl Murray has returned from
a two months visit on the coast, on
her way home sh visited with her
nother in Oakland.
Mr. and Mrs. Anton Klein left on
'he Golden State Limited for Enid,
Oklahoma. They expect to visit var
ious parts of that state l'jr the next
two months.
Mrs. Mary Walker is spending a few
lays in Douglas on a visit with friends.
Miss Ruth Suplee and Miss Beatrice
Horton both of Douglas were here on
a weeks visit with friends. '
'
Mr. and Mrs. Leonard Warmington
and family have returned from Long
Beach where they have been since
early June.
Miss Alice Tearl Rugglers of San
Oiego. California, and Mr. Gilbert II.
'tankin of Bisbee were married at the
Christian church at 8 p. m. last Wed
nesday by the Rev. W. S. Deatherage
i:h the G'juble ring ceremony, and
Mr. A. B. Richardson was best man.
The couple will make their future
home in Bisbee.
Dr. and Mrs. W. 0. Brandon and
SKZ r iTlZ
children have just returned from an
visit in the east.
m. w. t. roL and ci.nd have
1 nrrivPfl In Pishon in Inin Mr Pnmnr
! who Js circulator for the El Paso
Times
Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Kempton and fam-
y nave ,eft fer Safford where t,,ey
will spend a few weeks tin a visit to
! Mr Kempton.8 relatives. They made
i the trip by auto.
Miss Elsie Toles county shcool su
perintendent, was in the city last week
from her headquarters in Tombstone.
Miss Viva Willjams was here for a
few ,av8 visitinK witn her 8ister. Mrs.
n H Kellne- Miss Williams is a
fPW weeks on a vacation
m m
Miss Florence Studley, a former res
ident of Bisbee. spent a few days in
Bisbee last week as the guest of her
mother. Miss Studley is teaching
school in Douglas.
Miss Barbara Shearer formerly of
Bisbee but now assistant postmistress
in Oatman. Arizona, arrived in Bisbee
Friday evening and remained as the
guest of Mrs. George Fole at the
Johnson Hotel. Miss Shearer left Sat
urday for her home in Dixie Canyon,
where her mother is seriously ill.
Mrs. W. R. Four formerly Miss Bes
sie Miller of this city, is here in this
city as the guest of Mrs. George Poole
of the Johnson H'otel.
Mrs. John Grandison of Prescott
and Miss Salome Townsend of Tuc
son are the guests of Mrs. Frank E.
Bennett of Upper Tombstone Canyon.
Mrs. H. A. Wallingford of Tyronne,
is In the city for a few days ton a visit
with friends.
Misses Beatrice and Bernice Butler
entertained with a dancing party at
the Copper Queen Club Rooms in hon
or of some of the drafted boys and
friends. The rooms were decorated
in red, white and blue and red and
white carnations.
Mr. end Mrs. Sam Kyle have left
! for California where they will remain
Miss Ursilla Reese, has left for Sa-
ijni, Kansas, where she will enter
school. On her way she stopped over
in Douglas for a few days to visit with
her aunt, Mrs. J. D. Schultr. Miss
Reese is the daughter of Dr. and Mrs.
H. A. Reese.
People Speak Well of Chamberlain's
Tablets.
"I have oeen selling Chamberlain's
Tablets for about two years and
heard such good reports from my cus
tomers that I concluded to give them
a trial myself, and can say that I do
not believe there is another prepar-a
tion of the kind equal to them," writes
G. A. McBride, Headford, One U you
are troubled with indigestion or con
stipation give them a trial. They will
do you g'ood. Adv.
A FRIEND'S
ADVICE
Woman Saved From a Seri
ous Surgical Operation.
Louisville, Ky. "For four years I
suffered from female troubles, head
aches, and nervousness. I could not
leep, had no appetite and it hurt me to
walk. -If I tried to do any work, I
would have to lie down before it was
finished. The doc
tors said I would
have to be opera
ted on and I simply
broke down. A
friend advised me
to try Lydia E
Pinkham's Vege
table Compound,
and the result is I
feel like a new wotn
an. I am well and
strong, do all my
Own hnilfUk wnrlr Anil
have an eight pound baby girl. I know
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com
pound saved me from an operation
which every woman dreads." Mrs.
Nellie Fishback, 1521 Christy Ave.,
Louisville, Ky.
Everyone naturally dreads the sur
geon's knife. Sometimes nothing else
will do, but many times Lydia E. Pink
ham's Vegetable Compound has saved
the patient and made an operation un
necessary. If you have any symptom about which
you would like to know, write to the
Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn,
Mast., for helpful advice given free.
wm
Womms Ere
Again Paris, forgetting, or at lean!
temporarily laying aside her sorrows. 1
prepared a winter collection that am-.
ply compensated those Americans who'
ventured to cross the Atlantic. The
consensus of opinion is that while
there Is no radical change in the
houette. there are very many Interest -
Ing developments iu the day dress,
The reign of this charming garment ;
is definitely established and we mayj
look forward to seeing it under many:
guises. Although I might be tempted ,
to say that the chimese dress has
reached its highest development, I hes- j
Itate to make a statement today that the past season's garments showed,
may be refuted tomorrow by the gen-1 though plaits are not uncommon at the
ius of the French dressmakers. Only ( side.
too olten have Americans been caught
napping by the genii of the fashion Most of the autumn wraps have col
world, whose leal in perfecting tenia-, lars that fasten -high about the throat,
tive offerings is only exceeded by their, often enveloping the chin.
talent creating new modes. American
women may look forward, therefore, to
a prolonged season of "day dresses."
"chemise dreams," call them what you
will.
The Spanish influence, that the In
fluence of ancient rather than mod
ern Spain, is making itself felt in the
decoration of the newest day dresses.
Just how' strong this influence will
become is something that no one can
foretell. At no time during recent eowns.
years has Spanish art ' successfully j
competed in the fashion world withj Browns and blue grays are particu
the art of the Orient, and this year, ,arlv new in 8hoes- but black wi
will probably prove no exception. But j doubtless lead for general utility
Basque embroideries, laces from Cat-. Wfar.
I alonia and sash draperies, that recall
ithe days when Spain was the land of
the Moor, are being adapted to the;evnlne anu gowns,
need 3 of the moment. It will be in-1
teresting to watch the course of this
Influence. If it lives we may per
chance have a revival of the tight,
long pointed basque -a fashion which
the majority of women dislike.
That the Orient is still paramount,
one glance of the gowns most general
ly liked will prove, for Japan and
China have been the source of thej
most convincing inspirations. Eni-i
broideries and laces from both coun-
tries are used In profusion, and the,
kimona sleeve is prominent in onej
iorm or anoiner.
Indian designs also continue to be,
very much liked, for despite the great'
- . '
shawl designs, we find them on many
of the newest dresses.
Speaking of trimmings and smpll;
touches that mean so much to a gown.'
beads of all colors and many sizes are.
being combined with metal threads in
a manner most fascinating. A smart
feature of the evening gowns will be
solid embroideries done in tourquoise,
emerald, sapphire and ruby beads.
Shoulder straps, girdles and tunic bor
ders will also be of this form of em
broidery. The effect of these brilliant
motifs, shown, for example, in bold re
lief on bold, silver and other metal
tissues, is magnificent. Another beau
tiful efiect is produced by combining
black and bright gold beads ln de
signs that recall the striking ebony
and gold mosaics of the East.
There are some very lovely new vel
vets that are in high favor with the
modistes. Then, too, moire silk, which
is the last word for smart afternoon
gowns, promises to be just as much
liked for bats. Like all the latest
war fabrics, this new silk is exceed
ingly soft and supple in texture and
is marvelously well adapted to the
present modes. The watered effect
is obtained by closely placed horizon
tal lines that are but slightly waved.
As the crowns of many of the hats and
practically all of the toques show a
pronouncedly draped tendency, the
velvets and this new moire are greatly
In evidence. Some of the prettiest of
these crowns are both shirrd and dra
ped, and, when the brim is broad and
the trimming just a bit of burnt os
trich plume, the effect is very charm
ing. A lovely fuzzy felt, ever so pli
able, and both black and white cara
cal, .re also used for the draped
crowns.
The cloche has also changed Its
crown and at the moment resembles
a good-sized globe. The best models
have brims of satin lined with shell
pink or pale blue, and crowns of shir
red velvet.
Cloth top coat Is more excessively
sho'vn this season than those in any
of the other new fabrics. Plain col
ors predominate and invariably novel
ty buttons and silk stitching afford
suitable trimming on them. Fur, too.
is very often used, this being featured
on the collar and cuffs usually. A
stunning model In gray broadcloth,
showing ample fullness trimly confin
ed at the waistline with a belt of self
material. The huge convertible col
lar with border of seal fur is distinc
tive and interesting detail.
Tight fitting cuffs with deep revere
illars of satin, organdy and lace are!
coll
new for the fall suit and street frock.
The modified bustle effect advocat
ed by Hickson Is a delightful reality.
The frock In a dark torte brightened!
by a dainty white collar and cuff set)
is invariably a useful and practical
item for the school girl. The bodice'
is especially attractive, being cut in!
bolero effect and offset by a dainty
vest of plaited orgnly. The ellww
length sleeves are especially attruc-
tive and will surely he approved of by
the youthful wearer.
' White angora collars on brushed
! wool, Shetland wool and fiber silk
sweaters. are very popular.
Fur is combined with silk, georgette
crepe velvet and plush in decidedly
unique collar and cuff sets.
Skirts are decidedly less full than
Various combinations of skins are
noted in the fur sets.
Lacey jabots are still good for wear
witli the tailormades.
The swagger stick Is bedecked with
cordj and tassels to contrast with
one's costume for fall.
Black lace is beautiful in evening
Sequins are particularly noted in
The Churches
Assembly of God.
Sunday school at 10:30 a. m.
Sunday preaching at 2:00 and 7:30
m.
Tuesday Bible study at 7:30 p. m.
. iriaay prayer meeting ai t:su p. m.
i FVervhnrtv enritinllv invited ir at-
tend these' services.
JQHX E1TIXG Pastor
Christian Science Society of Bis-!
. ,rvire, in the wmn'!
CJub Duildi at H:15 WeJ.
inesday, 7:45 p. m. Sunday school at1
.. . ,,,. .,,... ,,!
invited to attend,
day, September 9,
Subject for Sun -
'Man."
Berean Bible class will meet at the
Tfnntiat narennaira Priifa v pvoninff at
7.45 prag;am Refreshments,
i
Presbyterian Church.
Sunday school at 9:45 a. m.
Young People's meeting at 6:43 p.
m. Topic: "Are iou a ies But.
T-ossnn.. nn TVrriisea PtYort.w 1-1.1?
Public worship at 11 a. m. and at
7:43 n. m. Themes of sermons: "The
Rich! Wav to Aeeemt the Sacrifices!
I of Others," and "War and the Sixth
Commandment Thou ' SJialt Not
Kill."
Choir practice Thursday evening.
JOHN E. FRY, Pastor.
First Baptist Church.
Sunday school 9:43 a. m. J. II. Bran
aman, superintendent.
Preaching, 11:00 a. m. Sermon: "A
Message to Christian and the Ungod
ly." Junior and Senior B. Y. P. U., 6:43
p. m. Miss Esther Lange, leader of
Seniors. Subject, "Favorite Excuses."
Preaching, 7:45 p. m. Subject:
"The Bible."
Prayer meeting Wednesday 'even
ing. Choir practice, Thursday evening.
Bring your friend and enjoy thy
services with us.
F. M. PITMAN, Pastor.
Rev. A. J. Irvin of Warren will
nrenrh nt TVin I.nia SiindiiV- Senteni-
ber 9 at 11 a. m. He will also preach!'" Minnesota where the only girl Ir
at the Warren school houes at 7:30
p. m. of the same day. The public is
most cordially invited to attend these
services.
St. John's Episcopal Church.
Sunday school, 9:45 a. m.
Morning service, 11 a. m.
H. S. BREWSTER. Rector.
First Christian Church.
Preaching and communion, 11 a. m.
Miss Jean Quinn will sing a solo.
Bible school. 10 a. m. L. T. Frazier.
superintendent.
Endeavor society. 6:45 p. m.
Preaching, 7:45 p. m.
W. S. DEATHERAGE, Pastor.
Has a High Opinion of Chamberlain's
Tablets.
"I have a high opinion of Chamber
lain's Tablets for billiousness and as
a laxative," writes Mrs. C. A. Barnes.
Charleston, 111. "I have never found
anything so mild and pleasant to use.
J m tMirl" m FrP"Ch
1619 un y 8' j elation. An urgent appeal, a wonder
MINERS RETURN TO WORK
(liy ueview ieasea wire.) i
DENVER. Sept. 8 Forty striking
miners of the Frederick. Colo., mine1
of the Louisville ( oal & Mining Co..!
returned to work today after the com- interesting letter from Mr. A. M.
pany had signed an agreement grant-! Sliambaugh. one of the "has been"
ing recognition of the United Minejboys before the war. who is now a
Workers of America. .first lieutenant at the Presidio. The
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
HEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN
Sorry, but no movie tonight and un-
till furiher notice will not be. Oc-
casionally, however, for tpeeial oc-
casions the movie may be again feat-
lured on Sunday evenings. It was thejhave doubtless noticed at various
i purpose of the management to run i times, in the newspapers, that the
these "Sunday Night Movies" through students here in the training camp
the summer months. An exhaustive have been kept pretty busy. We have
program of movies and stereoptican in fact, gone round and round with
slides are being prepared for some study, drill, lectures, etc.. until th-s
I week night. Bulletins and newspaper past week, when the book work seem-
notices later.
Secretary Richardson is just in re-
ceipt of a catalog from SpringfieUt.
Mass . where one of the Y. M. C. A.
colleges is lorated. announcing "War
Emergency Courses," for those de
siring to nreriare tlieniselve for war
work secretaries. The full term or
.he sehnnl uill nnen Set.ternher 19.
Owing to the emergency created by
the war there is an unusual pressure
on the Young Men's Christian asso
ciation to provide leaders not only for
flip nrmv rnmns. hut for the nositions
made vacant by the summoning of they returned, and from them learned
men from the home field, either for i n,ut h more than one can te ln
the colors or for the armv camp work. ' le,ter- Many times have 1 tnouKa of
A camp building will be erected for ! tne Y- M- c- A- at Bisbee and tried
every 5,000 men listed, calling fori10 Imagine what Bisbee would be.
seven emploved officers. Seventv-five , without U- and lts eneral secretary.
men ere bein sent each month over-
seas for work among the American
troops in France. One of the greatest
opportunities ever offered Is the pros
pect of sending 5000 secretaries for
work among the troops of the French
army. A similar mission will in aW
probability be inaugurated for the
Russian army. It is expected that the
American Young Men's Christian as
sociations will be called on to pro
vide 3.000 army secretaries and keep
this force up to strength during the
continuance of war.
Stoddard Lectures are the latest
acquisition to the many valuable as
sets the association is dispensing
Stoddard stands without a peer as a
travelogue writer and reading hi
books is to almost see the very scenes
nd places he describes. The follow
ing is the complete list: Norway
Switzerland. Athens. Venice. Canstant-
Inopte. Jerusalem. Keypt. Japan '(two
lectures). China. Sicily. Genoa. The
-""". ...u. u.
Florence. Naples. Rome. Paris. La
!be!lp' Frsnce- ppain' Berlin' VIenna
si. reiersDiirs, .Moscow, ireiana. uen
mark. Sweden, California. Grand Can
yon. Yellowstone Park. South Tyrol
Around Lake Garda, The Dolomites
Inlia, The Passion Play. Scotland.
England, London. The Rhine, Bel
glum. Holland and Mexico.
Eugene Prichard writes from New
York, where he is attending his last
vacation to home ro.ks until the close
of ,he war. that he is enjoying life
while it lasts. He expects to be back
in Bisbee soon as his gun money rat
fie is about faded away. Prichard
expects to be called in the next draft
The numerous friends of Chas. Jew
ell. can locate him by sending mall
to Company 33. M. M. Q. C. Dt. Camp
Norfolk. Va. Chas Is now a fullfledg
ed machinist mate ln the navy. In r
recent letter to the Y. he said be bad
Just attended a church service where
2.000 of the boys attended.
A new record on the bowling alley?
and this time a "lady record breaker,"
in the person of Mrs.'Wm. Tonkin
who rolled three successive games
and made 200, 1S1. and 200. She is
quite willing, in fact anxious, to try
the alleys with most any of the gen
tlemen bowlers. No use to talk to
one Mr. A. O. Johnson, as he If
surely a 'has been" and positively
c an't come back.
Pock Black has returned married?
No. not yet. but soon, unless he
loins the army, which is more than
likely. Dock spent his vacation up
the world (so he thinks) lives. Until
the final call comes. Dock will be
found In room No. 7 in the dormitory
Another great recognition servic
soon to be civen In the gymnasium
this time "something different" from
the last Sunday night service which
was so much enjoyed by the soldiers
in khaki, as well as those soon to put
on the now popular uniform. Ask
Kellogg about it he knows.
A. J. Edmunds, one of the old time
members of the Y. has just returned
from a short stay in San Francisco
He says Bisbee looks good to hlir
rni he hopes to stay for some time
He has gone to work at the Irish Mag
He was in San Francisco during the
ftreet car strike and he said he had
to walk 12 miles to work, so he re
signed his position for lack of trans
portation facilities.
The French government has sent a
request to the International Commit
;ee of the Y. M. C A. for 500 secre-
1 ful opportunity for service, but so few
! of the association secretaries can
speak the French language so the call
s not being responded to.
Mr. Richardson is in receipt of an
MINING DISTRICT
letter follows: Just a few lines, on
my knee, to let you know that I am
still alive and think often of friends
and familiar faces of Bisbee. You
. cd to grow lighter and to be replaced
by practical work. We will. march all
day tomorrow. Next week we ll march
three days. Men are being let out all
the time every day. Our troop t
not more than half as large as it was
two months ago. No one knows when
his turn will come. Our eats have
bpp" fair'y nothing extra. The
change of altitude seemed to agree
with men. as I have gained between
10 and 15 pounds since I arrived the
14th of May. In spile of the constant
grind. You, perhaps, have talked with
Mr. Marshall' or Mr. Wheeler, since
r-e P-'iu, nu. . u-
always been too interesting to cause
;a seto,;a ...e c.oee . v.
i . i t- i T. : . v ,
A. can i db Deal lor cue piace u uc
upies and fills. Kindly remember me
o Mr. Mitchell, the other secretaries
:nd any inquiring friends. With best
egards, I beg leave to remain, yours
or a better civllizatiop.-
Wonder If any;hing will be left of
Texas the usual question, to all new
omers Is "Where are you from?" and
.he universal reply is T E X A S .
Fred McDonald, a resident of the
listrict, and a Y. M. C. A. member
for the past six months, left Friday
or Tyrone. New Mexico, where he
as accepted a position with the E.
& S. W. railway system. The best
vishes of the associaton go with Mr.
IcDouald.
I v. " n,'Pmh, nf the has his rizht
1 oot injured at the Czar last week lu
s enjoying the easy chairs in the bis
obby while convalescing, having re
lewed his membership in the mean
ime. We think the idea of renewing
s a great plan, and we hope all whose
memberships expire during September
will do likewise.
t French classes were dismissed for
wo sessions due to Labor Day rele
gation and honorary exercises to the
den leaving for army service, but are
tow resumed and will be on the
oard.s again. Mr. Feuchere. the in
tructor. is anxious- to import all the
nowledge possible and to as many
xiys who are desirous of learning the
udimenfs of the French language an-1
ustcms.
The assistant chief chemist of the
opper Queen Mining company. Mr.
dney Werthea, who is spending his
vacation with his brother in Denver,
ends a message of greeting to his
uany friends and says that next to
'lisbee. Denver is the greatest city in
merica.
"Rastus." the well and quite favor
ibly known colored boy. is back on
he job again this time promoteJ
"rom the bowling alley pin boy, to
"Janitor Attendant." and Rastus is
mine shine boy and can always b
ound at the stand from 12 to 11 p.
n.
The report that Scotty Banks had
eft the district Is not confirmed
my day he visits the lobby where he
neets many of his friends, and forms
tew acquaintances. Scotty is still a
ingle young man.
Henry Karshull. a resident of the
iistrict for the past two years and an
mployee of the Copper Queen hotel,
ind also of the mines, being recently
mployed at the Gardiner, left for El
Paso, where he intends to reside iu
he future.
Mr. A. W. Clark of San Francisco,
ind Mr. C. W. Oliver, have Just arriv--d
in town and are awaiting recom
uendations before applying for work
n the mines.
The Spanish teacher at the Y. M.
'. A. Is still conducting his classes.
nd will be happy to hear from pros
pective students.
Let us standardize your laundry
vork. Standard Laundry. Phone 57.
J. L. Winters
Phone 491, Lowell
. List Your Property With Me
Ranches, Cattle, Automo
biles Old Line Fire Insurance
If you want Quick Action, and a
Square Deal, see me. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 9, 1917.
KAISER TO REPLY
SHORTLY TO WORK
OF UJ. ENVOY
Hague Advices Indicate That
Wilhelm Will Answer Am
bassador Gerard's Revela
tions, Now Printed in U. S.
THE HAGUE It was reported on;
good authority today that the German j
government already has begun the ;
preparation of an official statement;
regarding the message 'which the kai-.
ser sent to President Wilson in an at- j
tempt to justify the invasion of Bel-!
gium. i
WASHINGTON Although the kai
ser has clamped the lid down on the:
publication through Germany of for-j
mer Ambassador Gerard's revelations
now being published serially in Amer-f
ica and many foreign countries, Teu-j
ton officialdom has been "smoked out" !
and is expected to answer some of the
charges that have been bared to the
world.
Reports received here today from
Amsterdam declare the leading Ger
man newspapers have published a
semi-official statement foreshadowing
an official reply by the German gov
ernment to the Gerard revelations.
Chief Disputed Point
The chief point disputed in official
Berlin quarters is the purport of the
cablegram sent by the kaiser to Presi
dent Wilson on August 10, 1914, in
which Germany sought to Justify the
Invasion of Belgium.
The full text of this telegram was
printed last Sunday in the Gerard
memoirs. President Wilson gave Mr.
Gerard permission to use the telegram
in his book and the advance install
ments of It, but publication of an offi
cial document under a copyright caus
ed some criticism in Washington.
This criticism was answered yester
day when the state department made
public officially for the press toe text
of the kaiser's message.
Will Deny Telegram
Germany, it Is understood, will of
ficially deny such a telegram was
sent, although it will admit the kaiser
granted Ambassador Gerard an audi
ence on the date mentioned. The ar
gument backing up the German de
nial Is expected to be that what the
kaiser wrote down on telegraph blanks
were only "notes" destined for, but
not directly addressed to President
Wilson.
Papers in all the allied and neutral
countries tre printing! copious ex
tracts from the Gerard memoirs, but
the German censorship is being rig
idly enforced and not one word of
the exposure is being published for
Teuton newspaper readers.
(The Gerard stories are now ap
pearing every day in the Los Angeles
Examiner.)
TWO LITTLE PARDS
DYNAMITE PLOT.
SOCORRO, N. M., Sept. 8. An at
tempt to destroy the Socorro electric i
light plant at 12:15 o'clock this morn
ing was balked by a watchman who
picked up a package of dynamite1
which had been thrown into the build
ing and hurled ii outside. The charge
exploded outside, shaking nearby
buildings and awakening virtually the
entire town. The plant was not dam
aged. The motive back of the at
tempt was unexplained. Nothing was
to be gained by wrecking the plant, j
asida from destruction of property,;
except throwing the town into dark
(By Ned White, Eisbee, Arizona.)
Two little pards went side by side
Over the meadow green and wide.
They sailed great ships on the tiny
st ream
And conquered worlds, in their boy
hood drea'n.
Two little pards, still side by side
Out upon life's stormy tide.
Drifting along as the years roll past
Sometimes in the whirlpools cast.
Shoulder to shoulder, hand to hand
Two little pards together stand
They are looking over no man's land.
Two little pards today must part
One little pard with a broken heart,
In the trenches now will dre'am
Of the ships they sailed in the tiny
stream.
One little pard to a comrade true,
Some one at home Is proud of you;
Somebody's heart for you will yearn,
Brave little pard till you return.
Send your laundry to the Sanitary
Laundry. Phone 57.
Col. John S. Dennis, commanding
western division of British recruit
ing station, says Britons and Canad
ians living in the United States who
do not voluntarily enlist within the
next few weeks will be conscripted.
e
On & &
six
m o Ti o
moreimi . wlmnc
car at the old price
EPTEMB
at the close of business, the prices of
Studebaker cars will increase
The FOUR touring car
will increase from
$985
ti
The SIX touring car $1 Ofi A tn
will increase from lUU1 to LjOJ
Large purchases and long term contracts
for raw materials made a year ago enable
Studebaker to delay this advance in prices
long after all other manufacturers of cars in
Studebaker's class have made
increase.
Order your Studebaker car NOW
and save money
Four-Cy Under Models
Si-r-CvUrvler Ko.'.
Road-Ier
Tourin Car
vcy-Weather Car ,
FTtraa grpt. II
S 985-S1025
985- 1050
1185 12SO
BISBEE AUTO COMPANY
(The Pioneer Garage)
Phone 5 Bubee, Ariz.
Roadster .
Tou rind Car
Touring Srdaa
Coupe . 0.
Limousin: .
r it
SI 250 41.1:15
J'50 135
lOO 8SO
1750- 1850
26GO- 2750
All prices, a. A. Detroit
Allphcttf. 0. b. Dttroii
WORLD'S SERIES NOW
ATTRACTS ATTENTION i
BOTH EAST AND WEST
!
Championship of Both Big
Lepgues Is Nearly Decided
and Fans Are Looking For
ward to Post-Season Series.
NEW YORK, Sept. 8. The shadow
of the coming World Series is already
beginning to cast itself across the
major league baseball diamond, al
though there is no absolute or mathe
matical certainty as to which teams
will be the contenders. In the Na
tional league, the New York club has
what appears to be an unbeatable
lead, but the struggle for American
league pennant honors between the
Chicago and Boston teams is still too
close to permit a definite selection of
the winner at this time.
Two of these three clubs are almost
certain to be participants in the series,
however, 'and the followers of the
game are beginning to forecast the
methods and arrangements which the
National commission and the club
owners will decree for the coming con
tests. According to the official sched
ules of the two leagues, the New York
Nationals will close their 1917 season
at Philadelphia on Oct 4; the Chica
go Americans at New York Oct. 1,
and the. Boston Americans at home on
Oct. 4.
It has been the custom in recent
years to select the city for the open
ing games of the series by the toss of
a coin.
Should tile New York and Boston
clubs be the one to play for the
World's Championship It is generally
conceded that the first game will be
played in one or the other of these
cities on Saturday, Oct. 6.
If Chicago and New York are in
volved, however, conditions are like
ly to be consicJerably changed. If
New York is selected for the initial
contest, it is thought likely the series
will begin on Friday, Oct. 5, with the
second game on Saturday, followed by
a trip to Chicago for the third contest
on Monday, Oct. S. . Should the ser
ies open in Chicago, play will undoubt
edly be started on Saturday, followed
by a Sunday game and then a jump
to New York, where the series will be
resumed on Tuesday.
Regardless of whether New York
is opposed by Chicago or Boston the
series will begin with two games in
each of the cities represented, follow
ed by alternate contests, if New York
and Boston are the competing clubr,
up to. and including the sixth game.
If a seventh is necessary to decide 1c
series the location will be selected by
the toss of a coin. With Chicago and
New York participating, however,
some doubt is evinced as to how the
games will be apportioned. Owing
to the time and money involved in
the trip between New York and Chi
cago in either direction it may be de
cided to play the series two games in
one city, followed by three in the oth
er, with a third'shift in case six or
seven contests are necessary.
This wan the method in 1910 when
the Chicago Nationals and the Phila
delphia Americans met. The first
two games were staged in Philadel
phia and two days later a series of
three contests was started In Chicago,
the Cubs taking four out of the five
and tJius winning the series.
Regardless of how a New York-Chi
cago series is arranged, it is consid
ered likely that both parks would be
completely sold out before game time,
as the rivalry would be exceedingly
keen. If it Is possible, however, a Sun
day contest will be played in Chicago
in order to give that portion of ran
dom which could not otherwise wit
ness the play a chance to attend at
lenst one game.
The seating capacities of the New
York and Chicago parks are almost
pqu.-tl. Allowing for additional press
facilities, the Polo Grounds will ac
commodate about 37.0IM) persons, while
the White Sox park will care for
dose to 35,000. If the Boston Ameri
cans should prove to be one of the
contenders it Is likely that the home
games will be played at the Boston
National League park, which will seat
almost 43.000 persons.
Should the New York and Boston
clubs meet under these conditions,
each club will be thoroughly familiar
with the rival playing park; but if
Chicago and New York play, the While
Sox will have the advantage in this
respect, for they have played at the
Polo grounds for two years during the
American league season, while the
(Jiunts have not bad occasion to use
the White Sox grounds, as all their
games in Chicago have been at the
National League park.
5 rv
II f
mm
I pi
iano War fa On!
Pianos Selling Fast
At Reynolds' Music & Gilt Shop
Carlton it too busy to write ads today. Just call and see the gr-at -bargains
Monday, $750 Hamilton Player Piano only $525 Monday.
Carlton Easy Payment Plan on
Pianos and Player Pianos
We carry the Steinway & Sona, Knabe, Shoninger, Kohler &
Campbell, Andrew Kohler, J. & C. Fischer, Emerson, Pease, Linde
man & Sons and other high grade pianos.
;But absolutely no cheap stencil pianos will be handled by us.
New $400.00 Kohler & Campbell piano in our window, $5.00 less
each day until sold. This is ycur chance.
New Home, White, Free and Singer Sewing
Machines
SEE CARLTON ABOUT IT AT
REYNOLDS' MUSIC STORE
THE CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY
121 So. Central Ave. Phoenix, Arizona.
We specialize in Incorporating, Organizing and
Corporate Auditing and Supervise Meetings of Stock
holders and Directors of Corporations.
Write for Booklet "System and the Corporation,"
P. O. Box 277R, Phoenix, Arizona.
THE DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS
FEHR'S &
w.
STRIKES GROW.
BI'KNOS A IRKS. Sept. M.--Further
mlilit ions are being made to industries
ntid public utilities affected by the
strike in Argentina. Allied trades
are joining in the electric men's strike
at th" port here anil a sympathetic
strike has been organized on the street
car lires. At Itosario the street car
linn have presented an ultimatum to!
t.'ie companies. At Santa Fe shipping!
is paralyzed because of the strike j
there.
Reports from Montevideo nay th'
workmen i n the German electric com
pany there are preparing to strike.
!-
A Distinctive, Beverage
Unlike any otner you nave ever tasted,
Ambrosia has a subtle flavor all its own.
It's more than a mere thirst-quenching drink.
Ambrosia not only refreshes you, but when you
are fagged it puts you right and helps to build up
brawn and brain.
Try it today You'll never tire of its many delights.
At hotels, retaurant. cafes, Ara t tores, jrocery stores,
fountains, and at ail places whera beverage ara served.
Order it hj the case from your dealer.
CENTRAL CONSUMERS COMPANY
lacorpacau4
LOUISVILLE
FEHRS
Look for thlx Gown iNonc Centime u-ithoui .j
MYERS, DARLING & HINTON CO.
Wholesale Distributors !
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 9, 1917.
FIVE
'!
'
41
:i
"A Most
Satisfactory
Motor Oil"
iVA(M(I1ME
mWMm hi hi
1
v
i
8
.'5
i i
i
j
i
i
4
- X
3
1
.
1
3
4
S
'-J
;.
SAXON
Dubroy Motor Co., San F-ancisco
"From our own, and the e periencet
of Saxon owners, we know Zerolene
to be a most satisfactory motor oil."
PACKARD
Cuvlrr Lee, San Francisco
"It has prowrnentirely satisfactory.
CHEVROLET
J. W. Lcavitt & Co., Lot Angrlri
"Zerolene ii our choice for use in
Chevrolet cars."
FORD
Th? t'nirrrsal Moror Co., Sacramento
"have no hesitancy in recommend
ing it to Ford owners."
Thus endorser! by Leading
Car Distributors
because the records of their ser
vice departments chow that Zero
lene, correctly refined from Califor
nia asphalt-base crude, give perfect
' lubrication less wear, more power,
least carbon deposit.
The Standard Oil for Motor Cars
Dealer tytrrwhrrr and at
err ice nation.
STANDARD OIL
COMPANY
(California)
JELLS SOMETHING
ABOUT THE SCHOOL
Mac H. Donaldson, Graduate
of Famous English Univer
sity, Recites Interesting
Features of Big Institution.
In at least one respect, Bisbee is
a minature New York. Every type
in the world Is represented back, inj
the city that has a monopoly on Na-j
tional league pennants, and every
type in the world is represented in !
the city so recently scratched off
the I. W. W. visiting list. There are
rich men and poor men and begger
men and theives, and the usual quota
of doctors and lawyers and mer
chants. In the schools 17 nationali
ties are represented, and in business
there are just about 57 varieties ot
mankind. Practically every American ,
eolleee of university has a graduate
engaged locally In some labor, and
at least one English university has
an alumnus here. He is Mac H.
Ticnaldson, in charge of the education
al work of the V. M. C. A. His uni
versity is Oxford, and in view of the
fact that every boy in the state of
Arizona has the opportunity to be
come an alumnus of the same univer
sity, Donaldson's remarks are most
interesting. I
"The examinations for the Rhodes. .
scholarships are held in algebra,
arithemtic, LUin and Greek," he said.'
"However, they aren't competitive. A
board in each state arbitrarily selects
their man, taking into account his
school popularity, his aihletic ability
and many other things.
"After a man is chosen, he is given ;
:!00 pounds a year; paid quarterly in j
advance. It is a summore than suf-,
ficient to see a man comfortably;
through his term there. Of course,
a Rhodes' scholar is expected to live
TO THE EAST
Daily to September 30th- Final return limit Octob
ber 3 1st
TO CALIFORNIA
Daily to September 30th. Final return limit No
vember 30th.
"THE LODGE" CLOUDCROFT
Open Now. Special round trip fares on sale daily
to September 15th. Final return limit Sept 30th.
Low round trip fares will be in effect providing
liberal stopovers Diverse Routes.
Ask your agent for full particlars. He will glad
ly help you plan your trip and make your Pullman
reservations.
Or Address.
GARNETT KING,
General Pass. Agent, El Paso, Texts.
Pil
ii I I
jr. 5
If I'U lllii ilili'
I J!
id
PPP
L b i f in.
i M Hi
?i 1
Far tractors, Zero-
lent Heary-Duty
is especially
recommended.
up to a certain position. Most of
them belong to clubs'; my own be
ing the Cosmopolitan club; with
members from part of the world.
"The morning and the mid-day meal
are served in a man's rooms, while
the evening meal is served in a large
jhall. The food, as a general rule, is
unexcelled anywhere.
"Oxford university is made up of
24 colleges, and its is much like a fed
eral republic. Of these colleges,
Christ Church is the most prominent.
It is at the same time the Oxford
Episcopal Cathedral the dean of the
Cathedral beinsr the head of the col
lect. IJolliol is also well known, and
it was founded by the king of Scot
land whom Robert Bruce dethroned.
Addison's college was Hagdalen
pronounced "Maudlin" and Pembroke
was the coilege of Dr. Johnson and
Whitfield, the evangelist. Whitfield,
while at Pembroke, was the tapster,
or bar man. He later became Wes
ley's right hand man.
"Athletics are participated in by
everyone at Oxford, rowing being the
major sport. Every man in training
is supposed to drink a mug of beer
each night a practice which wouldn't
find much favor from American
coaches! The big contests are held
with Cambridge, and a man who plays
against the university is a 'Blue.'
This means that he can wear blue
blue socks, or a blue tie, or anything
blue and no one else is supposed to
wear that color. It corresponds to
the American practice of giving let
ters. "There are many phases of the life
there impossible to touch upon in a
s!:ort interview, but summing it all
up, B course at Oxford is most satis
factory, and it is always pleasant to
look back upon."
Mac II. Donaldson is a wonderfully
broad, interesting and genial sort of
man. The men who take up the As
sociation's educational work this
winter are privileged indeed to have
Ihe opportunity of associating with
such an able director.
Canada's conscription hill, now law.
is designed to raise 100.000 men, and
calls by classes all Canadians between
20 and 45 years.
jpw at : v r- r
Showing the partly r.ubmerged
"Shark" speeding its torpedo to
ward an enemy submarine and
(below) diagram of the one-man
U-boat riding the surface.
A recently offered solution of the
submarine problem is the one-man
submarine invented by E. R. Rus
scl. of New York, who calls his de
vice ""The Shark."
IT IS XOT HIS FAULT IF THE
YANKS ARE A"DISAPPOIXTMEXT"
"""" " 3
S A o' .-v. y
BATTERY USERS ABE
TOO OPTIMiSTIG If!
OPINION OE EXPERT
I page after page of newspaper space
! and the national advertising advertts
Local Willard Storage Battery ; es the fact that W'jlliard Service is ev-
Manager Tells of Some of ;er,,'tw 1ust tvriipai of
the Trouble and Experience
of Users of Famous Battery.
"Just as we battery men are begin-
ning to be eucmirageu, says Mr. Kog-1
ers, the local Willard expert, "and
think that car owners in general are
learning td ku'jw their storage batter-
ies, some incident will come up to
convince us that we are too optimistic.
"For instance, it is not a great while
arn si:irn a man raniA to on a our mirt-i
dtp hranrhn. ami nairl that h wantort
his storage battery fixed. It wouldn't
work, he said.
Tho service man aslprl hi,,, what
the wire was for, and the motorist!
calmly replied that his battery needed
rewinding, and that he had bought the
wire on the way down because he
didn't know whether the service sta
tion would have it or not.
"A few days ago the Williard Stor
age Kattery Co., at Cleveland, received
a battery from a car owner just west
of the Mississippi.
"The letter thataccompanled the bat
tery said that although the car owner
Becsuse of its con
tinuous chain of
boiling pointSjRed
Crown gives you
more miles to the
doltar.
Stindard Oil Company
f Ciliminta)
- . - 7wre su'sr ---
knew that his battery was a Willard
j he was rather disappointed that he
: had to send it so far as Cleveland for
' repairs. There didn't ' seem to be
; any battery men around his neighbor
, hood this in spite of the fact that the
! local Williard Service Station, the
Minneapolis branch and service sta -
i tion, have advertised themselves in
. scores of such instances that tme to 1
uur attention neany every wees. v e
would be discouraged if it were not for
the fact that occasional! V we run
' across a car owner who doesn't know
j wnat makes nl8 macnlne mi
EMBARGO PLACED.
e"" - "V . '
JY.'V.N LU I, oeyu o. ah rmua:-
go on all shipments of a perishable na
tuer was ordered late tonight by all
express companies doing business
in
Kansas. Officials said the order was
caused through fear of a general strike
1 resulting from the walkout of fifty
teamsters, clerks and freight handlers
f the Adams Express company today.
Washington officials believe Presi
dent Wilson confidently expects that
the German people will bring about
constitutional reform which will give
German chancellor into control of the
Reichstag. President is said to have
told advisers that his reply has open
ed the door to peace to the German
people.
Uie (asofoie cf Qualify
TANK ON SURFACE
MnniriFira
miB,""w m - m
IIW' CREAMS
f - I AstneM Cma kr OiIimm
"4 Uttac Craaai for CWu I -
S"
f c; ifcw If yon ha wr teatrvl
Lyj " rr thw C return, vetMl tw " "
i LlkssssMt2S9Ai cents to cover eoat of aaii- f
y .'' 4 in the n you duair . . - 1
H)Wf ! pi
Vt RV -, DEFECTS j f 1
AND CREATE I I
I 'X. .
COMPLEXION BEAUTY
McDonalds Marinello Shop
Phone 305
r -V -V "V 'V 1
23,970 men in territory of Hawaii
registered for military service. Of
this number 7940 were citizens of the
United States and 18,030 aliens. ,
RADIUM
V. S. Government reports show that
80 of all diseases treated with Radium
were either cured or greatly benefited.
The Radio-Active Pad positively brings
your circulation back to normal by driving
impurities from the system Most diseases
being caused by poor circulation.
Many testimonials from patients who
havesurreredwithRheumatism,Neurahiia,
Insomnia, Diseases of the Nerves, S tomach.
Bowels, Heart, Lunrts. Bladder. Kidneys.
' liver. Prostate Gland, Female Complaints
and Sexual Weakness.
We stand back of every appliance sold,
no matter what your ailment. Endorsed by
physicians. Write today.
RADIUM APPLIANCE COMPANY
357 uraubury Bid., Las Angeies, Cal.
I if ii
if. Is
I i
ill ''' vira
Aiim m
' I
mically, in any dwelling, large or smalL
Today, in the countless thousands of homes where gas fired water heaters are in
stalled, an abundance of hot water is available for any purpose. By some types of heat
ers the water is heated instantly at the turn of a faucet, by others, within a few min
utes after lighting the heaters, and all without labor, inconvenience or discomfort, and
at a reasonable cost for gas.
LET US SHOW YOU
Btshee
There is a time to work and a time
to rest a time to earn and a time to save.
Now is a good time to start a reserve
fund for yourself by opening a savings
account here.
ARE YOU WORKING
for your money, and is your money working for you?
In later years you will want to be relieved of the hard
daily grind, and the surest way is to start a savings ac
count now. Deposit a portion of your earnings regularly
and you can take life easier when you are not so acttve
as you are today.
Of Fire Burning
Or Burglars
. Stealing your private papers and valuables when
you shut the home up for the summer.
There's Absolute Safety for both when protected
by our modern vaults
Private safes rent for $500 and up yearly.
Think this over then see
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Blabee, Arizona.
Will E. McKee, President C A. McDonald, Cashier
M. KEANE
High Class Tailor,
Airdome Theatre
Lowell, - Arizona
WATE.
HE A TING
The process of heating water for domestic purposes has been rev
olutionized in the past few years through the introduction and
perfection of gas fired water heaters, until today it is no longer a
a problem to secure an abundance of hot water quickly and econo
Improvement Co.
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 9, 1917.
SIX
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
(By Review Leased Wire.)
GRAIN MARKETS.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
CHICAGO, Sept. 8. Broad demand
for corn resulted today from cold
weather that increased danger of crop
maturity being too long delayed to
escape klljng frost. The market clos
ed unsettled, 1 to 1 net higher at
115 to 113 for December and 111
111 for May.
Oats bulged to to 1 cent and
provisions 2 to 17 cents. Investors
purchased corn freely, and shorts al
so covered on a large scale. Pros
pects of continued unseasonable low
temperatures until the middle of next
week inspired much of- the buying
and caused forgetfulness of the gov
ernment estimate of the largest crop
on record.
Active call from the seaboard did
a good deal to lift the value of oats.
Rural offerings were said to have de
creased somewhat on the advance but
still remained comparatively scarce.
A large proportion of the crop was
reported to be yet unthreshed.
Protests against the lowness of the
basic price of wheat as fixed for the
Chicago market brought an answer to
day from the government food admin
istrator. President Griffin of the board of
.trade said the communication was be-i
ing analyzed by the transportation
committee of the board. Receipts
here continued scanty and were ab
sorbed by millers.
Provisions rose in response to the
government report showing a reduc
tion of more than 5,000.000 hogs on
farms as compared with a year ago.
NEW YORK FINANCIAL.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK. Sept. 8. Speculation
favored the longs during the greater
part of today's brief stock market
session, with an urgent inquiry for
shares which have recently been tar
gets for bear raids. Gains ran from
1 to 3 points In recognized favorites
like the steels, oils, tobaccos and
general motors.
Poo! operations were resumed with
some confidence and the shorts were
sufficiently Impressed with the charac
ter of the buying to cover freely In
various quarters. A successful bear
raid later against Bethlehem Steel,
together with liquidation of Invest
ment issues such as General Electric,
Pullman and American Telephone
caused the market to relapse below
the previous close In many cases.
General Electric scored an exception
al decline of nearly 8 points.
Large amounts of Bethlehem were
unloaded, forcing the price down to
4 to 100. The stock closed at a 3
polnt loss.
Supporting orders and a drive
against the short interest caused a
vigorous rally in the final dealings.
Total sales amounted to 285,000
shares. Bonds, were irregular with
the liberty loan selling at 99.84 to
99.92. Total sales, par value, aggre
gated $1,450,000.
United States bands were unchang
ed on call on the week.
Closing Quotations September 8, 1917.
(By L. J. Overlook).
NEW YORK.
Anaconda 69
American Can 42
American Car 70
American Locomotive :.. 61
American Smelter 93
American Sugar 109
Atchison 96
Baldwin 58
Bethlehem B 101
C. and 0 56
C. F. and 1 144
Canadian Pacific 157
Central Leather 82
Crucible 69
Distillers 25
Erie 20
Goodrich
General Motors 95
Ind. Alcohol 130
Marine 29
Marine, Pfd 86
Maxwell
Mexican Petroleum 89
Midvale 52
N. Y. C 6 76
Northern Pacific 99
Reading 82
Rep. Steel 80
Rubber 60
Studebaker 43
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
Jerome
and
Oatman
Stocks
JACK BUILDING
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
LEASED WIRE
Steel 107
Steel. Pfd 116
St Paul 63
Southern Pacific 90
Sinclair v ........ 36
Union Pacific ' 128
United Fruit 125
U. S. M 60
Westinghouse 43
BOSTON.
Adventure 2
Allouez 66
Az Coml 10
Alaska " 4
American Zinc
Butte 29
C. and A 76
C. and H. 530
Chi no
E .Butte 11
Granby 80
G. Can 40
Gold field 50
Hancock 12
Indiana 2
Inspiration . "53
Kenn 40
Keweenaw 1
Lake 8
LaSalle 5
Miami 35
Mohawk 80
Mayflower 2
.Nevada 224
Nip 8
N. Butte 16
Old Dominion 53
Osceola ' 86
ond Creek 22
Quincy 84
Ray Con 26
Shattuck 23
Shannon 6
Sup. Boston 3.
St Marys 73
Utah 97
Utah Con 15
Winoa 2
CURBS.
Arkansas and Arizona
10
1
17
37
17
1
7
4
1
30
5
8
1
43
5
3
43
422
35
65
1
7
1
Austin
Arizona Silver King
Butte and Ldn
CaL and Jer
Cornelia
Con. Arizona
Con. Copper Mines ...
Curtiss Aero
Denn
Dundee .
Emma ,
Fortuna
Fed. Oil
Gadsden
Mull
Howe Sound
Hela c
Inspiration Needles ...
J. Verde
J. Victor
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Miami Con
Magnate
Pitts. Jed.
Hay Here
Santa Rita . v
Tom Reed
U. Eastern
Verde Ex
Verde Combn
West End
White Caps
Wright-Martin
Wol. Arizona
NEW YORK. Sept 8 No startling
developments were disclosed over
night, or during the short session, al
though in the first hour rumors of
coming favorable news from Washing
ton was Instrumental In stimulating
some professional buying for the rise
and rather free covering by the timid
shorts. The firmness quickly gave way
to weakness influenced primarily by
the marked weakness in the Bethle
hem "B" steel Issue, It being evident
that share holders in the concern are
apprehensive over the successful
marketing of the company's new pre
ferred stock and the belief that the
creation of new Issues expected later
on, may further impair the value,
especially of the "B" stock. The pros
pective financial status of a few of the
railroad corporations, a few indus
trials as well, and the fact that future
earning power of the various enter
prises may be impaired materially as
a result of heavy taxation, and price
fixing methods have engendered much
nervousness over the future course of
securities prices in general and it is
well night prabable that in the ad
justment process now going on that
the prices of many securities will be
lowered.
LOGAN & BRYAN.
OATMAN
(By Collins & Brethertan.)
Bid Ask
Adams 02 .63
Arizona Rex .2S
Ariz-Tom R. 92
Boundary Cone 02 .3
Gold Reed .05
jGoId Cliff .15
j Lucky Boy 02 .03
I Sunny-Hide 06 .07
Telluride .20
Tom Reed 43 .45
United Eastern ., 4.22
United Northern 02
United Western 2 .4
Red Lion .20
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 1.75 2.00
Green Monster 69 .81
Butte London 16 .17
Dundee 1.00 1.06
Venture Hill .10
!
Pitts - Jerome 50 ..o
Jerome Verde 156 1.62
Ark-Arizona . .. -10
Jerome Portland -4'i
Inspiration-Needles 06 .12
Hull Copper 30 .38
Magma Chief 42 .50
Wolvarine-Arizona 1.50 1.73
Miami Mother Lode .50
Verde Combination 94 1.00
Miami Consolidated 07 .10
Bisbee Copper .25
Butte Arizona .05
Santa Cruz Bisbee .27
Jerome Daisy .50
Nacozari Consolidated .. .50
Verde Apex .12
Arizona Butte -35
Calumet and Jerome ....1.81 1.94
Feather River Gold .16
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, August
25, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Freder
ick J. Murrell of Hereford, Arizona,
who on Sept 1, 1910, made Homestead
Entry, No. 012016, for NW, Section
28. Township 23 S., Range 23 E.. G. &
S. R. B. Meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make five year proof, to
establish claim to the land abOve de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, Bisbee, Arizona, on tbe
4th day of October, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Edward Wilcox, John C. Calhoun.
William A. White, Charles A. Martin,
all of Hereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN, Register.
First Publication, Aug. 28, 1917.
Last Publication. Oct. 4. 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. Land
Office at Phoenix. Arizona Septem
ber 1, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Jes M.
Jessen, of Bisbee, Arizona, who. on
October 26, 1912, made homestead
entry No. 019669 for SW 1-4 section
34; and on December 26. 1912, made
additional entry N-. 020581 for SE
1-4 section 33. Township 23 S, range
24 E, G&SRB meridian, has filed
notice of Intention to made three year
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee.
Arizona, on the 12th day of October,
1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James B. Smith of Warren, Arizona,
Richard Caywood Of Warren, Arizona,
Charles W. Hull, of Don Luis, Arizo
na. George Ropert of Don Luis, Ari
zona. J. L. IRVIN. Register.
Published Daily Review, Bisbee,
Arizona. 26 con. Issues. Begun Sep
tember 6, 1917. 148
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, Sept 1.
1917.
Notice is hereby given that Caleb
A. Newman of Hereford, Arizona, who
on February 11, 1911, made Homestead
Entry No. 013306 for SE ; and on
Sept. 2, 1915. made additional entry
No. 028208 for SE SW. Sec. 35,
Township 22S. Range 20 E., G. & S. R.
B. & Meridian, has filed notice of in
tention to make Five Year Proof to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner. Bisbee, Arizona, on the
12th day of October. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Roy A. Newman, James W. Haverty,
Joel P. Steele. John F. Ashworth, all
of Garces, Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First Pub., Sept 5. 1917.
Last Pub.. Oct. 12. 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S.
Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona.
Notice is hereby given that Ysabel
Ch. Ramirez, of Gaices, Arizona, who
on May Sth. 1913. made homestead
entry, No. 022330. for F SW. N
SE, Section 33. Township 23S.
Range 21 R, G. t S. R. Meridian. h
filed notice of intention to make three
year proof, to establish claim to the
land above described, before Jared D.
TaylOr, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 29th day of Septem
ber. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses: Ben
Morgan of Garces, Arizona, Jose A.
Cisneroz of Bisbee, Arizona, William
Ratllff of Hereford. Arizona. Manuel
Lananaga of Garces, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN,
First Publication Aug. 25.
Last Publication, Sept 29.
"04
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3167
Serial No. 035911
In Connection With Serial No. 028557
United States Land Office, Thoenix,
Arizona
August 14. 1917
Notice Is hereby given that Fhelps
Dodge Corporation, whose postoffice
address is Bisbee, Arizona, has made
application for patent for the follow
ing named lode mining claim, situate
in the Warren Mining District, Co
chise County, Arizona:
"ZEO"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the
Southwest Ctrner whence United
States Mineral Monument No. 4( War
ren Mining District bears South 50
32' 30" West 1992 feet; thence North
13 6' East 88.60 feet to Corner No. 2.
the Northwest Corner; thence South
58 42' East 192.50 feet to Corner No.
3, the Northeast Corner: thence SOuth
13' 6' West 25.00 feet to Corner No.
4. the Southeast Corner; thence North
77 59' West 182.90 feet to Corner
No. 1, the place of beginning; contain
ing a total area of 0.238 acres, express
ly excluding area in conflict with sur
vey No. 30(19 "Collins" lode, of 0.052
acres. The presumed rttirse of the
vein on this claim is from the South
erly end center North 69' 4' West
184.6 feet.
The location notice of said claim,
upon which this application is based,
is recorded In the office of the County
Recorder of COchlse County. Arizona,
as follows:
"ZEO," Block 41, Records of Mines,
page 393.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the North and East the "Col
lins" Survey No. 2009; on the West
"Arizona No. 4" Survey NO. 2127; nnd
on the South the "Anger Survey No.
1119.
J. I IRWIN,
Register.
First Pub. Aug. 17. 1917.
Last Pub. Oct 24, 1917. 692
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. Land
Office at Phoenix. Aria ma, Aug. 13,
..1917.
Notice is hereby given that Ralph H.
Dickey, of Hereford, Arizona, who, on
January 15th. 1914, made homestead
entry. No. 024146, for E SW, Sec.
5. E NW, Section 8. Township
24S, Range 22 E., G. & R. R. Meridian,
has filed notice ef intention to make
three-year proof, to establish claim to
the land above described, before Jared
D. Taylor, U. S. Commissioner, Bis
bee, Arizona, on the 28 day of Septem
ber. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses: Sam
uel C. Giles, Alfred Bailey, William
Ryan, Herman Ilaase, all of Hereford,
Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First Publication, Aug. 25.
Last Publication, Sept 29.
5)02
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. Land
Office, Phoenix, Arizona, Aug. 18,
1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Thomas
E. Rogers, of Lowell, Arizona, who,
on June 30, 1913, made homestead en
try. No. $22750 for SE SW, Sec.
12, NW NE. N NW, Section
13, Township 24 S., Range 24 E., G.
& S. R. Meridian has filed notice of
intention to make three-year proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S,
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 29 day of September, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses: Ar
thur M. Collins of Warren, Arizona,
Albert J. Swan of Warren, Arizona,
August T. Schlaudt Of Lowell, Arsons,
David L. Perry of Douglas, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First Publication, Aug. 21.
Last Publication, Sept 29.
S03
ORDER TO SHOW CAUSE WHY OR
DER OF SALE OF REAL ESTATE
SHOULD NOT. BE MADE
In the Superior Court in the County
of Cochise. State of Arizona.
In the Matter of the Estate of Fred
Bauer, Deceased. '
It appearing to this Court, by the
petition this day presented and filed
by M. Artunoff, Administrator with the
Will annexed of the Estate of Fred
Bauer, deceased, that it is necessary
to sell the whole or some portion of
the real estate of said decedent to pay
the debts of decedent and the expenses
and charges Of administration.
It is therefore ordered by this Court,
That all persons interested in the es
tate of said deceased appear before the
said Superior Court on Saturday, the
22nd day of September, A. D. 1917. at
the hour of 10 o'clock a. m., of said
day, at the ctmrt room of said Court,
at the court house in the City of Tomb
stone, Cochise County, State of Ari
zona, to show cause why an order
should not be granted to said M. Ar
tunOff. Administrator with the WiH
annexed, to sell so much of the said
real estate as shall be necessary and
that a copy of this order be published
four successive weeks in the Bisbee
Daily Review, a newspaper printed and
published in the said County of Co
chise. Dated August 11th. 1917.
ALFRED C. LOCKWOOD.
Judge of the Superior Court.
592
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey N". 3278, Serial No.
036118. United States Land Office,
Phoenix. Arizona, August 31, 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Alfred
Paul, whose post office addrses is
Douglas, Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the following nam
ed lode mining claim, situate in the
Warren Mining District, COchise
County, Arizona:
"Don Miguel No. 6"
Beginning at Corner No. 1. the
Northeast Corner, whence the South
west Corner of Section 30, Township
23 South, Range 25 East, O. & S. R. B.
& M. bears South 54 04' East 841.8
feet: thence South 51 17' West COO
feet to COrner No. 2. the Southenst
Comer; thence North 58 56' West
1500 feet to Corner No. 3. the South
west Corner; thence North 51 17'
East 608 feet to Comer No. 4 the
Northwest Corner; thence South 58
56' East 1500 feet to Comer NO. 1, the
place of beginning; containing a total
area of 19.388 acres. The presumed
course of the vein on this claim Is
from the East and center North 58
56' West 15ii0 feet.
The location notice of said claim is
recorded in the office Of the County
Recorder of Cochise County. Arizona,
as follows:
"Don Miguel No. 6" Book 54. Record
of Mines, page 40S;
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the NOrth, the "Gold llilij
Mine" lode: on the South "Razzie
Dazzle" lode; on the Kast "Piedmont"
lode; on the West "Ocatea" and "Mas
cot" lodes.
J. L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE OF SALE OF REAL ES
TATE AT PRIVATE SALE
Under authority of an order of sale
granted by the Superior Court of the
State of Arizona, in ind for the Coun
ty of Cochise, dated August 18. 1917,
the undersigned administrator of the
estate of Mary Tack, deceased, will
sell, at private sale, the following de
scribed real estate:
Lots 69, 70 and 71 in Block 4 of the
City of Bisbee, County of Cochise,
State of Arizona, together with the Im
provements thereon and the appurten
ances belonging thereto.
Said sale will be made on or after
September 10. 1917, and bids will be
received at the place of business of
The Bank of Bisbee, in the City of
Bisbee, County of Cochbe, State of
Arizona.
The terms of sale are as follows: for
cash, lawful money Of the United
States of America, at the time of the
sale of the above described real estate
to the highest and best bidder thereof.
Dated at Bisbee, Arizona, this 20th
day of August 1917.
THE BANK OF BISBEE.
A Corporation.
By M. J. CUNNINGHAM,
Its Cashier.
Administrator of the Estate of Mary
Tack, Deceased. 692
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3277. Serial No.
036120. United States Land Office,
Phoenix, Arizona, August 31, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Alfred
Paul, whose post Office address Is
Douglas, Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the following
named lode mining claims, situate in
the Warren Mining District, Cochise
County, Arizona:
"Don Miguel"
Beginning at Corner NO. 1, the
Southeast Comer, whence the West
quarter Comer of Secticji 30, Town
ship 23. South. Range 25 East. G. & S.
R. B. & M. bears South 85 36' East
4941.1 feet; thence North 69" 39' West
1500 feet along lines 1-5 and 2-3 Sur
vey No. 2244, South Side and Gold Hill
lodes, respectively, to Corner NO. 2,
the Southwest Corner; thence North
32 25' East 467.50 feet to Corner No.
3; thence South 68 46' East 664.0
feet along line 3-2 and 4-5 Survey No.
1781 Cave lode and Survey No. 2244
Gold Hill lode, respectively to COrner
No. 4; thence North 43 52' East
163.20 feet along lines 2-1 and 5-6 of
Survey No. 1781, Cave lode and Sur
vey N o. 2244, Gold Hill lode, respec
tively, to Comer No. 5: thence South
69 38' 30" East 654.30 feet along
lines 3-2 and 6-1 Survey NO. 1953 Bryen
lode and Survey No. 2244 Gold Hill
lode, respectively, to Corner No. 6, the
Northeast Comer; thence South 4
49' East 236.40 feet to Comer No. 7;
thence South 32' 25' West 391.20 feet
to Comer No. 1. the plaec Of the be
ginning containing a total area of
17.917 acres. The presumed course of
the vein on this claim Is from the
West end center South 69' 39' East
1500 feet
"Don Miguel No. 1"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the
Northeast Comer, whence the West
quarter Comer of Section 30. Town
ship 23 South, Range 25 East G. ft S.
R. B. & M. bears south 85 37' East
4935.1 feet; thence SOuth 32 25'
West 584 fpet to Corner No. 2, the
Southeast Comer; thence North 69
52' West 886 feet to Comer No. 3.
identical with Comer No. 3 Survey No.
2244 South Side lode: thence North
48 52' West 614.60 reet along lines 3-4
and 1-5, Survey No. 2244. SOuth Side
and Survey No. 2188. Worren lodes,
respectively, to Comer No. 4. the
Southwest Comer; thence North 32
25' East 364.40 feet to Corner No. 5.
the Northwest Corner: thence South
69 39' East 1506.40 feet to Corner
No. 1, the place of beginning; contain
ing a total area of 18.377 acres. Ex
pressly excluding area In conflict
with Survey No. 1917, Bangor lode of
0.123 acres. The presumed course of
the vein on this claim is from the East
end center North 68 26' West 1499.9
fet.
"Don Miguel NO. 2."
Beginning at Comer No. 1, the
Northeast Comer, whence the West
qunrter Comer of Section 30. Town
ship 23 South. Range 25 East G. ft S.
Tt. B. & M. bears South 84 21' 30"
East 4325 feet: thenc Bouth 32" 25
West 974.10 feet to Corner No. 2, the
Southeast Corner: thence North 59
48' WeRt 581.40 feet to Comer No. 3,
the Southwest Comer; thenre North
32 25 East 974..10 feet to Comer No.
4. the Northwest Corner; thence
South 59 48' East 581.40 feet to Cor
ner No. 1, the place Of beginning: con
taining a total area of 12.992 acres.
Frnrpnsslv excludine area in conflict
with Don Miguel No. 1 lode of this sur
' vev. of 0.OS4 acres, and Survey No.
2019 Little Mary lode of 2.627 acres,
and Don Miguel No. 4 lode of this sur
vey of 0.8fiS acree. The presumed
course of the vein on this claim Is
from the North end center South 32
25' West 974.1 feet.
"Don Mimiel No. 3"
Beginning at Corner No. 1. the
Southeast Comer, whence the West
quarter Comer of Section 30. Town
ship 23 South, Range 25 East O. ft S.
R. B. & M. bears South 82 16' East
4606.1 feet; thence NOrth 59 48' West
176.80 feet to Comer No. 2. the South
west Comer; thence North 4 49'
West 906.80 feet to Corner No. 3, the
Northwest Corner; thence South 59
48' East 176.80 feet to Comer No. 4.
the Northeast Comer;; thence SOuth
4' 59' East 906.80 feet to Corner No.
1. the place of beginning; containing!
a total area of 3.014 acres. Expressly1
excluding area in conflict with Survey I
No. 1953 Bry;n lode exclusive of It.?!
conflict with Survey No. 2244 Bisbe
Quen No. 2 lode or 1.403 acres. The
presumed course of the vein on this
claim Is from the North end center
South 40 48' East 906.8 feet
"Don Miguel No. 4."
Beginning at Comer No. 1, the
Northeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Comer of Section 30, Town
ship 23 South, Range 25 East G. & S.
R. B. ft M. bears North 75 35' East
3334.5 feet; thence South 51" 17'
West 631.60 feet to Corner No. 2. the
Southeast Comer; thenre North 53
22' West 1018.20 feet along line 2-3.
Survey No. 2244. Bisbee Queen lode to
Comer NO. 3; thence North 48 56'
West 447 feet to Comer No. 4. the
Southwest Corner; thence North 51
17' East 500 feet to Comer No. 5. the
Northwest Corner; thence South 56
55' East 1500 feet to Comer No. 1,
the place of beginning; containing a
total area of 18.913 acres, expressly ex
cluding area In conflict with Survey
No. 2172 Lena lode of 0.043 acres. The
presumed course of the vein on this
claim is from the East end center
North 56 55' West 1500 feet
"Don Miguel No. 5."
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the
Southeast Comer, whence the West
quarter Comer of Section 30, Town
ship 23 South .Range 25 East G. & S.
R. B. ft M. bears North 70 23' East
3844.8 feet; thence North 87 11' West
148.90 feet to Comer No. 2. the South
west Comer; thence North 60 13'
West 16.50 feet along lines 1-6 and 2 3
Survey No. 2186 Marquette No. 1 rode
and Survey No. 2244 Bisbee Queen No.
3 lode respectively, to Comer No. 3:
thence North 48 56' West 1001.00 feet
along lines 6-5 and 3-4, Survey No.
2186, Marquette 1 lode and Survey No.
2244. Bisbee Queen No. 3 lode respec
tively, to COrner No. 4, the Northwest
Comer; thence South 87 11' East
127.10 feet to Comer No. 5. the North
east Comer; thence South 48" 56'
East 915.30 feet along line 5-6 Survey
No. 2244 Bisbee fljueen No. 3 lode to
Corner No. 6: thence SOuth 56 55'
East 120.10 fet along line 6-1 Survey
No. 2244 Bisbee Quen No. 3 lode to
Comer No. 1. the place-of beginning;
containing a total area of 1.849 acres,
expressly excluding area In conflict
with Don Miguel No. 4 Of this survey
of 0.827 acTes. The presumed course
of the vein on this claim is from the
South end center North 48 56' West
1013.1 feet.
The locations notices of said claims
are recorded in the office of the coun
ty Recorder of Cochise County, Ari
zona, as follows:
"Don Mieuel." Book 54 Record of
Mines, page 402:
"Don Miguel NO. 1." Book 54 Rec
ord of Mines, page 403:
"Don Miguel No 2," Book 54, Record
of Mines, page 404;
"Don (MIguel No. 3." Book 54, Rec
ord of Mines, page 405;
"Don Miguel NO. 4." Book 54, Rec
ord of Mines, page 406:
"Don Miguel No. 5," Book 54, Rec
ord of Mines, page 407:
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the north the "Cave," "Bel
tle Mary" and "Mascot" lodes; on
the South, "Edith,' "Lena." "Marquette
1." "COra." "Bangor." "Buffalo." "Cir
cus" and "Warren" lodes; on the East
Little Elsie "Little Mary" and
"Ocatea" lodes; on the West "Last
Chance" lode.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION.
Know All Men by These Presents
That we, the undersigned, having
associated ourselves together for the
purpose of forming a corporation un
der the laws of Arizona, do hereby
adopt the following ARTICLES OF
INCORPORATION:
ARTICLE I.
The Incorporators are:
J. W. F. Smith, whose postoffice ad
dress is Bisbee, Arizona, and
R. E. Hines, whose postoffice ad
dress is 213 Lawton street. El Paso,
Texas, and
D. E. Gibson, whose post office ad
dress Is Canon City, Colo., and the
name of the corporation shall be:
"THE GIBSON-HINES LUMBER
COMPANY."
Its principal place of business with
in Arizona, shall be BISBEE. ARIZO
NO, but other offices may estab
lished and maintained within or out
side of Arizona, at such places as the
Board of Directors may designate,
where meetings of stockholders and
directors may be held and any and all
corporate business transacted.
ARTICLE II.
The general nature of the business
proposed to be transacted Is buyins
and selling of lumber, at wholesale or
retail, and such other goods, wares
and merchandise as are usually kept
by retail lumber dealers, including
coal and hardware, to own, hand'e and
control letters patent and Inventions
and shares of its own capital stock
and that of other corporations,
and to vote any shares Of stock
of other corporations owned by
It the same as a natural per
son might do, to borrow money
and to Issue bonds, notes, debentures
and other evidences of Indebtedness
and secure the payment of the same
by mortgage, deed of trust, or other
wise; to act as agent trustee, broke!
or in any Other fiduciary capacity;
and In general to perform such acts
and things and transact such business
in connexion with the foregoing ob
jects, not inconsistent with the law,
in any part of the world, as the board
of directors may deem to the advan
tage of the corporation.
ARTICLE III.
The capital stock of said corpora
tion shall be FIFTY THOUSAND
DOLLARS ($50,000) divided into 50.
000 shares, par value of ONE DOL
LAR EACH, which shall be paid in. at
such time as the board of directors
may designate, in cash, real or per
sonal property, services, lease, option
to purchase. Or any other valuable
right or thing, for the uses and pur
poses of the corporation, and all
shares of capital stock, when issued in
exchange therefor, shall thereupon
and thereby become and be full-paid
the same as though paid for in rash at
par, and shall be non-assessable for
ever, and the judgment of the direc
tors as to the value of any property,
right or thing acquired in exchange
for capital stock shall be conclusive.
ARTICLE IV.
The commencement of the corpora
tion shall be the date of the issuance
to it of a certificate of incorporation
by the Arizona Corporation Commis
sion, and it shall endure for the full
term of twenty-five years thereafter,
with privilege of perpetual succession
as provided by statute.
ARTICLE V.
The affairs of the corporation shall
be conducted by a board of directors
and such officers as the said directors
may elect Or appoint The number of
directors shall be designated by the
by-laws, and shall be elected from
among the stock holders at their an
nual meeting to be held on the second
Monday In June of each year, conven
ing at 10 o'clock A. M. Until the first
annual meeting of the stock holders
and until their successors have been
elected and have qualified, the follow
ing named persons shall be the offi
cers and directors:
D. E. GIBSON. F. G. HINES and R.
E. HINES.
ARTICLE VI.
The directors shall have power to
adopt, amend and rescind by-laws, to
fill vacancies occurring in the board
from any cause, and to appoint from
their ewn number an executive com
mittee and vest said committee with
all the powers granted the directors
by these articles.
ARTICLE VII.
The highest amount of indebtedness
or liability to which the corporation
may at any one time subject itself Is
THIRTY-THREE THOUSAND DOL
LARS ($33,000).
ARTICLE Vni.
The private property of the stock
holders of the corporation shall be for
ever exempt from Its debts Or obliga
tions. ARTICLE IX.
This corporation does hereby ap
point Edw. J. Flanigan of Bisbee. Ari
zona, who has been a bona fide resi
dent of Arizona for at least three
years, its lawful agent in afld for the
state of Arizona for In and behalf Of
said company, to accept and acknowl
edge service of. and upon whom may
be served, all necessary process or
processes in any action, suit or pro
ceeding that may be had or brought
against the said company in any Of
the courts of said State of Arizona,
such service of process or notice, or
acceptance thereof by said agent en
dorsed thereon, to have the same force
and effect as if served upon the presi
dent and secretary of said company.
In witness whereof, we hereto affix
our signatures and seals this 16th day
of May. A. D. 1917.
D. E. GIBSON (Seal).
R. E HINES (Seal).
J. W. F. SMITH (Seal).
STATE OF TEXAS,
County of El Paso, s:
Before me, T. M. Beeson, Notary
Public in and for the State and Coun
ty aforesaid, on this day personally ap
peared R. E. Hines. known to me to be
the person whose name is subscribed
to the -foregoing instrument, and ac
knowledged to me that they executed
the same for the purpose and consid
eration therein expressed.
Given under my hand and seal of of
fice this 17th day of July. A. D. 1917.
My commission expires May 31. 1919.
T. M. BEESON.
Notary Public.
In and for El Paso County, Texas.
(NOTARIAL SEAL)
STATE OF COLORADO.
County of Fremont, ss:
BelOre me, Lovell S. Bailey, a Not
ary Public in and for the State aud
County aforesaid, on this day personal
ly appeared D. E. Gibson, known to me
to be the person whose name is sub
scribed to the foregoing instrument
and acknowledged to me that he exe
cuted the same for the purpose and
consideration therein expressed.
Given under my hand and seal of of
fice this 13th day of July. A. D. 1917.
My commission expires September 30,
1919.
LOVELL S. BAILEY.
Notary Public.
(NOTARIAL SEAL)
STATE OF ARIZONA.
County of Cochise, ss:
Before me. Edw. J. Flanigan. a Not
ary Public in and for the State and
County aforesaid, on this day personal
ly appeared J. W. F. Smith, knOwn to
me to be the person whose name is
subscribed to the foregoing instru
ment, and acknowledged to me that he
executed the same for the purpose and
consideration therein expressed.
Given raier my hand and seal of of
fice this 20th day of July. A. D. 1917.
My commission expires Feb. 20. 1920.
EDW. J. GLANIGAN.
Notary rublic
(NOTARIAL SEAL) THE BLSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 9, 1917. '"' " ' SEVEN
n
n
D
n
P
a
a
8
n
u
n
HUNDREDS FAILED TO
REPORT FDR EXAM. IN
FIRST J1EE CALLS
Cochise County Has a Long
list of Men Who Failed to
Report for Examination.
Names Are Reported to Officials.
Several hundred men who register
ed in the selective draft on June 5 in i
Cochise county failed to appear when
called for examination, according to
figures given out by the exemption
board. They have been reported, in
consequence, to the provost marshal
general's office, as called for military
service.
The following is a list of those in
the foregoing catagory:
Juan Canareax, Tombstone.
Willard Baldwin. El Paso.
Frank Daniel, Douglas.
Fortunato Lagos, Jr., Pirtleville.
Mat Whitmore, Bisbee.
Castro Barra, Glee son.
B. J. Rice, Chatanooga.
Vuko Vukotich, Lowell.
James Moone, Lowell.
Emilio L. Ortiz, Johnson.
Benio Florez, Tombstone.
Timiteo Garcia, Douglas.
Rosendo Valdez, Tucson.
Antonio Sahuri. Lowell.
Leonard Sanchez, Courtland.
Antonio Quintana, Bisbee.
Urop Kyto, Lowell.
Jose Esquer, Bisbee.
Pedro Molino, Courtland.
Michael Egan, Bisbee.
' Joe Martino, Bisbee.
Alberto Medina, Bisbee. -
Felix Jarvis, Lowell.
Sacaria Lopez, Tombstone.
Jose Martinez, Bisbee.
Peter Manner, Lowell. i
Florentino Montez, Pirtleville . !
Sosteves Redels, Pirtleville.
Juan . Salas, Tombstone. i
Edward Mason, Douglas. '
Chalka Ghisovich, Bisbee.
John Porter, Lowell. j
Gagriel Erkiiloa, Lowell.
Narclso Guano, Bowie. -Jack
R. Lowe,. Sheridan.
Juan Ruiz. Lowell.
Domingo Florez, Bisbee.
John Marusich. Lowell.
Rafiel Florez, Tombstone.
Burt C. Kelly, Bisbee.
Manuel Sanchez, Willcox.
John Yudlsh. Lowell.
Vukalo Tusivich, Bisbee.
Charles Lewis Sainclair, Bisbee.
Miguel Pacheco, Bisbee.
Francisco Torres, Lowell.
Jesus Morales, Bisbee.
Eullalio Hermenjiilo, Douglas.
Cecillio Melcando, Bowie.
Turzo Mungio. Douglas.
Martin McGowan, Bisbee.
Wren Sandas, Douglas.
Edward Padilla, Douglas.
Gilberto Ybarra, Bisbee. .
Thomas G. Greene, Bisbee.
Harry C. Eustis, El Paso.
Richardo Amado. Tombstone.
Keneth Joyce, Douglas.
Camillo Mendosa. Tombstone.
Edward Lee Small. Bisbee.
Jako Pinjot, Lowell.
Frank W. Johnson. Bisbee.
N'aum M. Babich, Bisbee.
Carlos Lopez, Willcox.
John Barovich, Lowell.
Juan Esclante, Fort Huachuca.
Tim Hadsall, Bisbee.
Felipe Gonzales, Bisbee.
Fernaddo Contreras, Fairhank.
Joseph L. Henderson, Bisbee.
Markos Peralta, Pertleville.
Frank Sistermans, Douglas.
Manuel Verdugo, Tombstone. -P.
U Miller, Bisbee.
a a a o o cz3 n a a o ep n
i i
BISBEE FUEL AND
FEED COMPANY
NEXT TO COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Office 'Phone 121
To Our Trade
It is not a question of prices, but a ques
tion of getting the COAL. An acute
shortage of production, as well as
transportation facilities, possible face us
for the winter.
Hadn't you better play SAFETY FIRST,
while we have the COAL, and let us FILL
YCUR BINS NOW?
We are doing our part in advising and
FOREWARNING you. Don't scold us,
but blame yourself, if you fail to have
COAL to drive away the COLD this win
er. Yard 'Phone 151
BISBEE FUEL AND
FEED COMPANY
snncn en a n n o n n
Reymundo Navarro, Tombstone.
Juan Valenzuela, Bisbee.
Refugio Centeno, Tombstone.
Leopold Armenia P. Tanner, Bisbee.
Ramon Argulio, Lowell.
Alfonso Murillo, Bisbee.
Joe Kilkella, Lowell.
Valente Mora, Lowell.
Ricardo Gonzales, Bisbee.
Manuel Ballestro. Tombstone.
Cirilo Arnienta, Hereford.
Fred A. Merrill. Willcox.
John O. Lane. Douglas.
Francisco Figueroa, Douglas.
Erik Eklind, Lowell.
Jose Baron, Johnson.
Joseph William Dew, Bowie.
An get Casarin. Jr., Naco.
John B. Taylor, Bisbee.
Ladislado Vega, Stark.
Juan Robeles, Douglas.
Abram Cordova, PirHeville.
Frank Andrew Russell, Bisbee.
Peter Baketeric, Lowell.
I.ee Mitchell, Lowell.
Richard Frey, Sandiego.
Lorenzo Montano, Douglas.
Antenogenis Diastado, Don Luis.
V. B. Quiraltd, Douglas.
Jose Miranda Dorame, Tombstone.
John Girado, Courtland.
Lionardo Sanchez, Gleeson.
Pablo Soto, Courtland.
Martin Karovich, Bisbee.
Oscar H. Green. Bisbee.
Enterio Montellano, Osborn.
Calicto Montez, Lowell.
Juan Castro, Tombstone.
Linn Richard Shrewsberry, John
son. Silvesio Hernandez, Douglas.
Martin Killgaller. Bisbee.
Jose Larra, Douglas.
Dedediero De la Cruz, Warren.
Juan Kevarro, Willcox.
Marion Passoff, Bisbee.
Milan Vucovich, Lowell.
Silvero Sandoval, Douglas.
Juro Radovich, Lowell.
Jesus Ochoa, Fort Huachuca.
Manuel Bisueho, Bowie.
Jesus Parra, Tombstone.
George Matilla, Lowell.
Emgeliso Hernandez, Douglas.
Edward Metz, Lowell.
Kargarito Lopez, Douglas.
Flavino Melvin McCalb, Douglas.
Marvin Mugle, Bisbee.
Salvador Gonzales, Paradise.
Aurelio Mungia, Douglas.
Jose Roblew, Bisbee.
Thomas John Christ, Bisbee.
Jesus Rodriquez, Bowie.
Radule Bracnovlch, Lowell.
Lindorfe Garcia, Douglas.
Oscar Edwin Eoskinen Bisbee.
Kirko Kreverkoff. Bisbee.
Vincent Torres, Benson.
Freti Estrada, Pirtleville.
Rodrique de la Cruz, Pirtleville.
Graydon Southerd, Fort Huachuca.
John Erkilla, Bisbee.
Aurelio Zamora, Gleeson.
Felipe Sosa, Lowell.
Charles H. Davidson, Bisbee.
Michael Johnson, Lawell.
Chales Lewis Roberston, Whitwatei
Tobias Hovi, Lowell.
Miguel Vildosola, Tombstone.
Andy Landgren. Bisbee.
Elijo Vucich, Lowell.
Felix Gueraro, Pirtleville.
Antanio Durate, Bisbee.
Husea Marung, Lowell.
Matt Hovis, Bisbee.
Guadalupe Torrez, Pirtleville.
Teodoro Mindivil, Bisbee.
Jesus Hernandez, Bisbee.
John F. O'Neil, Lowell.
Harry Dull, Douglas.
. Jesus Camereno, Douglas.
Ramon Samora, Tombstone.
William Nelson Miller, Bisbee.
Marquez Peralta, Charleston.
Fesario Alonzo, Pirtleville.
Jesus Amaya, Lowell.
Juan M. Gonzales, Tombstone.
Alberto Valenzuela. Pirtleville.
Cero Molina, Douglas.
Steven Evanoff, Lowell.
John B. Erwin, Bisbee.
John Dodds, Bisbee.
Nick Kadav, LowelL
Rodrigo Gomez, Willcox.
If
0
D
d
a
u
u
Margarito Martinez, Tombstone.
Edwin E. Johnson, Douglas.
Hjalmer Nelson, Bisbee.
Manuel Benitez, Tombstone.
Dennis Vincent Ryan, Lowell.
Albert Arig, Bisbee.
Splro Milicivich, Lowell.
FranciBco Enctnas. Tombstone.
Dan'el M'atinez, Bisbee.
Blaz Danjovich, Lowell.
Edward Baker, Douglas.
Ptte Povlich, Lowell.
Ygnscio Ybarra, Johnson.
Antonio Bernal Vasquez, Bisbee.
Seferino Valentino. Garces.
M Hon Anderson, Bisbee. .
Herbert Clifton Campbell, Bisbee.
Ben Milton Brewer, Bisbee.
Rafiel Sallos, Forest Station.
Ward Pritcliett Grave, Lowell.
Edward James Myers, Bovie.
Oscar Grift! h, Bisbee.
Tiburico Espinoza, Bisbee.
Antonio Cara, Douglas.
Cenobio Miranda, Tombstone.
Edward B. Green, Douglas.
George Junion Watson, Douglas.
Ramouldo Martinez, Douglas.
Earl Raymon Sekey, Willcox.
Galo Peredea, Douglas.
Ceprge Peplica, Bisbee.
Lloyd Charles Reed, Douglas.
Robert Henry Harper, Willcox.
Vaso Kovasovich, Lowell.
Alejandro Espinoza, Douglas.
Camila Gota, Lowell.
Thomas Ypselante, Bisbee.
John Goodor, Bisbee.
Celestlno Moreno, Bisbee.
Serafin Guerrero, Charleston.
Joe Tomljenovich, Miami.
Adolph Pasche, Bisbee.
Ramon Martinez, Douglas.
Miguel Sanchez, Douglas.
Murdock Matheson, Lowell.
Chris Pungat, Lowell.
Lewis Carmela, Douglas.
Lewis Valderrano, Don Luis.
Narineo Valesquez, Johnson.
Guadalupe Yslado. Bisbee.
Amado Nlcto, Lowell.
Owen Landers. Tombstone.
Joseph Finley Sites, Bisbee.
Edward John Ma her, San Bernar
dino.
Anton Olson, Lowell.
Caledonia Esquer, Bisbee.
Fred Ticka, Lowell.
Victor Holenstedt, Bisbee.
Nevis Tierras, Johnson.
Juan Olmas, Tombstone.
Stephen Hughes Hodson, Bowie.
Carlos Brown, Douglas.
Anton Anderson, Bisbee.
Juan Carillo, Dragoon.
Emil Bokto, Warren.
Julio Hernandez, Bisbee.
Vuko Krivakovich, Bisbee.
Carl C. Parschauer, Bisbee.
Londro Rodriquez, Douglas.
W. H. Woodson. Bisbee.
Fred Morgan, Bisbee.
James W. Wilson, Bisbee.
Matias Lamut, Bisbee.
John Corey, Douglas.
James Armstrong. Bisbee.
Alfonso Valdez, Tombstone.
Manuel Gonzales, Tombstone.
George L. Amell, Bisbee.
Donate Ciminez, Bisbee.
Leonard N. Chamberlin, Douglas.
Jesus Torrez, Bowie.
Antonio Gomez, Bisbee.
Harry A. Neild, Bowie.
Marion Pialieli, Bisbee.
Juan de Moreno, Bisbee.
Theodore V. Martinez, Tombstone
Mat Sunich, Lowell.
Daniel Mendoza, Bisbee.
Anselmo Rutierrez, Douglas.
Alfonso S. Silvas, Bisbee.
Charles Constable, Bisbee.
William McGonigle, Bisbee.
Otto Jarvi, Lowell.
Santor Espinosa, Douglas.
Francisco Marial, Douglas.
Manuel Rodriquez, Tombstone.
Verona Hatchez, Douglas.
Hilario Rodriquez, Douglas.
Pa' rick Conway, Bisbee.
Javier R. Smuga. Lowell.
Andres Espinoza, Tombstone.
Julius Leppa, Lowell.
Rafael Lopez, Tombstone.
Jose Mora, Tombstone.
Mike Tejannivch, Bisbee.
Ivan Bicanoirh, Bisbee.
Francisco G. Arvazu.
Jose Maria Feliz, Douglas.
John Rose, Lowell.
Tomas Hernandez, Douglas.
Jesus Chavez, Douglas.
John Alexander Murry, Douglas.
Ben Hernandez, Pirtleville.
Leoradio Ixpez, Pirtleville.
Francisco Morales, Pirtleville.
Blatz Planienaz, Bisbee.
Alvah C. Moore, Douglas.
Andres Luera, Pirtleville.
Ramon Alveraz, Johnson.
Gustave Vonkers, Douglas.
Harry Benj. Duke, San Simon.
Macario Cornajo, Tombstone.
Manuel Hernandez, Douglas.
Feroninio Gallejo. Tombstone.
Marciso Padroza, Bisbee.
Antonio Quebes, Johnson.
Robert Melbern iJrcibellis. Douglas.
Sam Polia, Bisbee.
Charlie Cole McDuff, Johnson.
Juan N. Marisal. Forest Station.
Anas Ticia Galvan, Fort Huachuca.
Chris Rafaliovich. Bisbee.
Oscar Stewart, Pirtleville.
Joseph Suras. Iwetl.
Rafael Villasenor, Itisliee.
Mirarn Kovacevich, Lowell.
Paul Butirac, Lowell.
Steve Manvich, I'.isbee.
Jose Rodriquez, Paradise.
Francisco Ramo, Courtland.
Jose Peralta. Pirtleville.
Mane Serdal. Lowell.
Francisco Arivillo, Pirtleville.
AugUHtin Ayalla; DoiiglaM.
Feliz Pcradez, Bisbee.
Manuel Fuunles, Tombstone.
Benj. Hernandez. Douglas.
Pablo Padilla. Douglas.
George B. Warner, Douglas. j
Francisco Manzaneras. Douglas.
Edward Johnson. Kibbee. '
SWEEPING MINES IS GREAT SPORT
IF YOU LIKE LOTS OF THRILLS
British trawler pulling in a German mine in Saloniki guff.
' Clearing the seas of German mines is not the most tedious work fn
the naval service c tlie chances of thrills and excitement are m.m. The
mine swe-ers of the Al!ie have been as busy hauling in the mines "ns the
Huns have teen in putting them out and through the activities of the traw
lers the clangor from macs has been greatiy reduce:!. Tile operation is
pcrformc-j at hijh sj-ce-J owing to the chance of explosions.
THE HAN TAHHMnr
IS 1I OF
(Continued from Page Five.)
one feels the imminence of awful im
pact; when Mitchel does so, one looks
for a frilliant, courageous and suc
cessful dash. If an enemy shot
chances to land on Roosevelt, it
bursts gaainst bis sides and perhaps
scratches the paint a little; but when
Mitchel rams a Tammany submarine
he may come back to port with his
bows slightly crumpled by the force
of his own attack but under perfect
control and with his colors flying
as gayly as every.
He doesn's fumble mentally or
physically. His mind and his muscles
are perfectly co-ordinated. When ha
reaches out his hand for anything,
bis long fingers take it up cleanly.
He doesn't spill tobacco when he fills
his pipe. And in the fame way his
brain reaches out for things and take9
them without Fpilling.
Having seen him only at a distance,
or sitting. I had not realized his
height. He must stand six feet. He
carries his shoulders back, and his
head is finely poised. When, at the
age of 34. he was elected the young
est of New York's 97 mayors his
hair was brown. Now, after four
years, it is sprinkled with gray. At
the middle of his forehead the hair
grows down to one of those pictures
que points called a "widow's peak,"
which accentuates his look of quick
intelligence. I don't know of a com
monplace man whose hair grows like
that on a high forehead; on the con
trary, I think of many cases in which
the reverse is true; among them
James Montgomery Flagg and George
Bernard Shaw.
LUDENDORFF INJURED.
(Continued from Page 3)
COPENHAGEN. Sept. S.-lt Is semi
officially stated that General von Lu
dentiorff, first quartermaster general
In t!i; German army, was injured in s
train wreck August 19. near Brussels
when, owing to a misplaced switch, a
munitions train struck the general'.;
special car, overturning It and smash
ing one end.
CRAZING LANDS BILL.
(Continued From Page One) j
WASHINGTON. Sept. 8.--Favorable
report on the hill by Senator Jones.,
of Ntw Mexico, authorizing the sec-j
retary of the interior to designate
lands in New Mexico, Arizona, Wyom
ing. North and South Dakota and Ne-j
vada to be used for grazing purposes. I
was made today by the public lands,
committee. j
Refugio I'.oraziis. Uisbce.
Marl in Arce, Hi ;bee.
Jiiiin Durati. Hihee.
Lewis Dagich, Ixiwell.
Pedro Pineda. Pirtleville.
Alo All, Lowell.
James L. Griffin. Willcox.
Iee A. IliHson. Bisbee.
Juan Garcia. Garces.
Tenias Culate, Ft. Iltiiichura.
Goliib SaniarzMi. Ixtwell.
Seiinrin llc-rnaiub'Z, Tombstone.
Francisco Rodriquez, Bisbee.
F. II. Roll. Bisbee.
! iilntio Gr.iizalcs. Gleeson.
John lli-rbirt Warren. Bisbee.
Ceorge WillirMi's. Bisbee.
Rsf:nl Sola. Bisbee.
Gus Kioskus. Bisbee.
Ernest Backnvir. Lowell.
Francisco Estr;i!a. Tonibstoue.
LtUard O Lxmnell. Bi.-bee.
WUT WE SHALL GET
OUTOF THE WJSR
(Continued From Page Five.)
treasonable mouthings and threats. II
they have any just cause, we are go
ing to remove it ; then we are going
to shut their mouths for good and all.
We are not going to let men come
into the United States without some
kind of a bond, guaranteeing that they
are not going to engage in burning
property or in carrying on secret
work on behalf of the country they
came from.
Out of this war. we are going to
get a new United States. We are go
'ng to hate nobody, but we are goin?
to be prepared to fight whenever nec
essary. We are going to have the freest
country in the world, but we are not
go ng to allow any traitorous high
brows to set their own standards of
freedom by which to convert freedom
into treason.
There are a good many other things
"we are going to get out of this war."
When the soldier boys come home,
we are going to have two millions
of patriots who. having fought for the
flag, will make good citizens anc
thorough patriots.
The people of the United States arc
going to get more out of this war
than will be returned to any other
country in the world.
SOCIETY
Miss Olga Angius has left for Statin
ton, Virginia, where she will atteiu
school this coming year.
Mrs. J. M. Burch leaves today c:
the Golden State Limited for Los Ar
geles.
Mr. and M rs. John Edward Tre.
leave today for Culver. Ind. Mr. Tre;
will le with the Culver Military li
btilule.
Miss Fiona Galhrath of Huntingtor.
Pa., is visiting here and will be th
guest of Mrs. O. W. Brandin of War
ren for the next two months.
Miss Madeline Micyr entertained P
her home on Saturday for Mr. Alfre.
Truseott. w ho leaves Tuesday for Tui
son, where he will enter school. Re
freshieents were served and the guest
present were: Miss Marie Hulher..
Miss Alice Wilson, Miss Helen Kin
ney. Miss Blanch Scott, Miss Grace
Southard. Miss Roltcrta Sinclair, Miss
Floy M -fiery. Miss Gladys ("file, Miss
Lucille Wat kins, Miss Beatrice Trus
eott, Miss Beatrice Williams and Har
old Ilosmer, Alired Truseott, William
Shell i .tin. Perty Pace, Harry Crock
ett, John Mcfrae, Douglas Campbell,
Willi'im Sitnms, Louts Vasalia, Joyce
Ralph, Gordon Walley. John McKean,
Clark Richardson. Tom Wallace an 1
Winston Micyr. who is here for the
week from the navy in San Diego.
NEXT PLACE DESIGNATED.
(By Review Leased Wlro.)
DALLAS. Tex., Sept. S . Klection
of ol ficers and selection of Philadel
phia as the l'Jl'J In'ennial metting
place or the .National Association of
Letter Carriers' associations conven
tion here, wa sthe business disposed
of at tonight's session. K. J. Gainer
of Muecie, Ind., was reelected presi
dent without opposition.
FEVIEW WAN r ADS
BRING AE&LLTS
fOPENlHG WUKCEIHT
IT'S GOOD TO
No doubt that the ladies of the Warren District
have often washed that a high-class specialist
in Ladies' Tailoring would establish a business
in Bisbee, Arizona, who could make an abso
lute perfect fit in the latest style, giving the
advantage of the very best Parisian and East
ern Tailoring effects at a price the average
purse could of ford.
We are glad to announce that such an establish,
rr.ent is now available.
MR. CHARLES M. FRUITMAN,
who for years was connected with the most
prominent and popular tailoring firms in Pans,
France, and later with the leading houses in
New York and San Francisco, has opened a
shop at the Hughes Block, opposite the Y. M.
C. A. We offer our services to the ladies of
this city in making all kinds of ladies garments,
by special design, and most exclusive styles
zr.d fabrics, for the Fall and Winter Season of
1917-18.
You are cordially invited to pay a visit to our
shop at your early convenience.
We ere convinced that you will be satisfied to
rlace an order for a suit.
Remember all our work is guaranteed and is
made right here in Bisbee by skilled tailors.
4 Special Reduction in
All Orders for this Month
We will also make garments from your own
material. Special attention will be given to
remodelling and refitting, both of which are
potent and economical methods of proper
dressing for a modern price.
Yours respectfully,
a
CHAS M.
Hughes Block, Opposite the Y.M.CA.
Phone Black 798
v
We handle the famous Federal Tires also we
have a large supply of the best made tubes
that we have been able to secure at a low
price.
Remember it is a pleasure to render you EX
PERT SERVICE on repairing work.
Give us a call and let us prove to you that
our work is high class.
ng Trail Garage
10
Our Motto: "Courtesy and Efficiency"
Phone 831 Johnson Addition.
You Can, Get
terested and we arc
rorket a t part ol
man you nave ever
III i
mm m
mm
KNOW WHERE TO GO"
FRUITMAN!
5,000 to 10,000 More Miles
out of them by using Gates'Half-Sole Tires.
W will put them on for you and change your old tires
into new ones at about one-half the price you would
have to pay for new tire.
Your tire comes into our plant, worn and scarred
.from service, and we deliver it back to you the same
tire made oversize and with a brand-new non-skid
tread of fresh rubber. - Not a. square inch of your old
tire will be in sight, ami you will not be able to tell it
from a new tire.
miEBfJfkimES.
Ar tStolutrly guaranteed tor mile ol wrr wHhowt
r nocture a rut many user art avrramng Irnot 6.000 to 10 (AD wut.
no cannot it?t thta kind ol guaranteed rvice from any tire on ttw
market without paying two o thrv times the coat .ot a Gate
Halt-Soe Tire..
LET US SHOW YOU .
Don't throw away mother worn tire until vou have Investigated?
the Gate Hall-Sole. II you ar paving the tire bill you will bo lni
ready to know you how to keep in your own
the nl ol new tirea and get better ttrt Krvtc
2
had before, .We guarantee It.
LOWELL MOTOR CO.
"TrTT 1
- - EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 9, 1917.
TO JOIN NAVY.
T. .1. Hughes, A. Ridgeway and S.
Gregory left last evening for El aPso
where they will he examined for en
trance to the fnited Slates navy.
They enlisted at the loral recruiting
station and are the first ones to he
sent out this week.
We Make 'Em Fit
lias anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? It so, call
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Soc iety Editor, Phone 39.
LAST MONTH'S PRODUCTION.
Advices from Douglas state that
during the month of August the smelt
ers at Douglas turned out 23.000,0i
pounds o fcopper. The product was
divided as follows: Copper Queen.
liJ.SOO.tM'O pounds; Calumet & Arizol
na. 7,-".000 pounds.
ANONA CLUB MEETING
I: is announced that the Anona Club
will hold its regular meeting at the
home of Mrs. William Truax, on Sep
tember 11.
J. STUART BLACKTON'S SOUL STIRRING PHOTO DRAMA FEATURING
fltyBnefr
. - Dn "ftd ;
The Glory of the Nation
ALICE JOYCE
PEGGY HYLAND, Naomi Child ?rs, Bobby Connelly, Mary Mau
rice, James Morrison and an All S'ar Vitagraph Cast
The rcqst spectacular, intensely Human, High Powered, Photo Production Ever
Shown. The New York Press with One Accord Laud it as the Fiim of the Hour.
ORPHEUM THEATRE
LAST TIME TODAY. MATINEE AND NIGHT. Admission 15c and 25c.
Eagle Theatre
The House of Comfort Continuous From 1 To 1 1
WILLIAM FOX
IN
vALtSKA
Picturizing the Transgressions of an Adventuress.
Animated Weekly No. G9, Showing Current Events
MUTT AND JEFF COMEDY
ADMISSION 10
Business Locals
TRY THE NEW STEAM
LAUNDRY.
STANDARD LAUNDRY
BAKERVILLE. PHONE 57
Sevea passenger touring car leave
Tombstone daily, upon arrival or Bis
bee stages, for Nogales. fare $5.r0, 25
pound baggage limit. Adv. 217
The
LYRIC
Beautiful
The Coolest Theatre in the State.
Continuous From 1 To 10 P. M.
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
ALICE BRADY
'THE DIVORCE GAME'
M'SS BILLIE RHODES
"BY THESAD
SEA.WAVES"
ADMISSION
Reserved Seats 20c
Lower Floor 1Cc
Balcony 5c
CENTRAL THEATRE
TODAY Contiunous3-ll TODAY
TRIANGLE PRESENTS
BESSIE LOVE and
Fine Arts Kiddies
Cheerfu
AN INSPIRING PLAY OF CHILDHOOD, FULL OF
VIVID DRAMATIC MOMENTS. ALSO TRIANGLE
ALL STAR COMEDY,
"PETTICOAT PERILS"
ADMISSION
PRESENTS
SIREN
AND 15 CENTS
The regular Tuesday and Friday
night dances at Graves' Dancing Acad
emy will be discontinued until Warren
Park dances are closed. Instructions
still given daily.
First Arizona plays C. & A. and the
J. B.'s, Warren Park, Sunday. First
game at 1:30 p. m. 207
An Edison concert at L. L. Gilman's
every evening. 527
Dr. Edward Colman, chiropractor
and osteopath. Rheumatism and ner
vousness a specialty. Office, Cottage
Home. 85 Maine St. 6S7
R. R. WATCH INSPECTORS
Prompt repairing, careful workman
ship, courteous treatment. Lowell
Jewelry Shtip. Adv. 886
Let up standardize your laundry
work. Standard Laundry. Tbone 57.
362
The Woodman orchestra will give a
dance at the City park every Thursday
evening. Admission 50 cents. Ladies
free. 727
Dance by the C. & A. band at War
ren Park every Wednesday and Sat
urday. Admission fifty cents. Ladies
free. 19J
ORIGINAL BIS3EE-TOMB STONE
Stage Line.
The original Tombstone etage leaves
daily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co., Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. Night tele
phone. Green 368. 978
(Advertisement)
Expert paper hanger and painter. C.
J. Brandt. Phone 456. Box 150. 580
10 AND 15c
ADMISSION
Givers
HARRY MOREY
Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath. 9S Mastn
Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Biue 617.
4v. 2C1
Call for M. E. Smith for auto ser
vice cars. Five-passenger Dodge and
seven-passenger Page cars for hire.
Phone 366. 419
AMERICAN CAFE, LOWELL.
Regular board by the month, $35.
Chicken dinner Sundays, 50c.
Merchants lunch served from 12 to
1. 40c.
Regular dinner, served all day, 40c.
CLEANLINESS OUR MOTTO.
883
Try cne of ourJ3 hats and be glad
you did. "The Office," next to Bisbee
Review. 479
OUR $20 SUITS
are as good as any at $30.
Shirt and Hat Shop.
Miller's
121
Mrs. Maye Esther Thomason English,
Teacher of
Expression and Dramatic Art
Reading. Physical Culture, Voice
Culture, Tone Placing, Platform work,
Social and Home Life. etc. Studio
opens Sept. 15, 1917. 133A Tombstone
canyon, four doors above Clawson
avenue car slop. Phone Black 420.
Expert repairing on fine watches
and jewelry, diamond setting, engrav
ing and general repairing. Mintou,
the postoCice Jeweler, Lowell.
Advertisement 343
ATTENTION, YOEMEN.
Tl.e annual electfjn of officers has
been changed from December to Sep-
,;eiiiber. The election of officers will
be held at Odd Fellows hall, Tuesday
evening September 14, 1917. All
Archers are requested to attend. Re
freshments after lodge. Mrs. C. C.
Finlayson, Foreman, Mr. E. D. Stin
son. Correspondent. 205
First Arii-'jna plays C. & A. and the
J. B.'s. Warren Park, Sunday. First
game at 1:30 p. m. 207
Dr. E. R. Carpenter, Eye, Ear. Nose
and Throat. JougIas every -Wednesday.
Office, Room No. 19, Megulre
Building. 476
Board by the day week or month.
Per month $33. Waldorf Dining Room.
j Big Dance at Highland Park
I every Sunday evening at 8 o cioc.
Parris orchestra. Twenty-five gifts
given away to ladies. Refreshments
on gi'jund.
225
j Knights of Pythiaa Attention.
I AH members and visiting brothers
are requested to meet at I. O. O. F.
i hall. Sunday 12:30 p. m. to attend fun
eral of Brother Victor Peterson.
j FRANK BRUNING. C. C.
i ' 165
Tomorrow, Starting 6:30, Monday
Program Extraordinary
ESSANAY PRESENTS
JACK GARDNER
IN A GREAT RED-BLOODED LOVE DRAMA OF
THE GREAT NORTHWEST, STAGED IN THE
WILDS OF THE PICTURESQUE CANADIAN
COUNTRY, A MOST THRILLING QUICK ACTION
PLAY,
TheLandof LongShadows
ALSO ON SAME BILL
CHARLEY CHAPLIN in his latest Com
edy, 'THE IMMIGRANT"
10 AND 15c
WAS IN TOMBSTONE.
Alexander Murray was in the coun
ty seat yesterday on business before
the superior court. -He Returned home
late last evening.
WAS IN TOMBSTONE.
Sheriff Harry C. Wheeler was In
Tombstone yesterday on business con
nected with the sheriffs office. He
returned late last evening.
HAS RETURNED.
Mrs. Georgia Murray, wife of Earl
Murray, the Review pressman, has
returned from Oakland. Calif., where
she has been for a number of months
LEAVES FOR DEMING.
Mrs. Anna Ballard leaves Bisbee to
day for Demiig, New Mexico, where
she will make her home. Many friends
of Mrs. Ballard here will regret her
departure.
TO RETURN TO SCHOOL,
Miss Althea Saelid has resigned her
position with the Phelps Dodge Mer
eantile company and will leave Mon
day for Tucson to reenter the Arizona
university.
RETURNED FROM AJO.
Bing Morse and family have return
ed from Ajo, where they have been lo
cated for some time and will again
take up their residence in the War
ren district.
WAS IN NACO.
Captain John Greenway, of the C.
& A. Mining company, was in Naca
yesterday on a short pleasure trip
and visited the camp of the First
Arizona infantry.
HERE FROM YUMA
J. H. Maxey, the Yuma contractor,
who built the Ajo railroad from Gila to
that camp, is spending a few days in
.his city on a business trip and is reg
istered at the Copper Queen Hotel.
IN FROM MOUNTAINS.
C. A. Newman was in the city yes
terday from bis ranch in the Hau
chucas, bringing in a truck load of
peaches and other fruit from his
ranch at teh mouth of Ramsey can
yon. HAS RETURNED.
L. J. Overlook has returned from
an extended visit to the northwestern
part of the United States. He visited
relatives in Washington and Oregon
and reports having had a most enjoy
able time.
FROM TUCSON.
Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Dickinson of
Tucson are in the city for a few days
on a visit and are registered at the
Copper Queen hotel. Mr. Diskinson
is one of the prominent business men
of the Old Pueblo.
UNDELIVERED MESSAGES
The following telegrams remain un
delivered at the Western Union Tele
graph office: C. W. Oliver, Rudolph
Schnez; Mrs. Catherine Beeyley; W.
M. Peticolas, Jr.; T. S. Wickam; Doc
Wagner; Cliff Parsons.
WILL RETURN HOME
Mrs. Ray Krebs, wife of the county
recorder at Tombstone, wtio nas ncen
visiting with friends here for the past
week will return to her home in Tomb
stone t'jday with her husband who
came over last evening.
HERE FROM DOUGLAS.
Mrs. A. Vanneman and daughter
are in the city from Douglas and are
registered at the Copper Queen hotel.
Mrs. Vanneman is the wife of the
Douglas physician of that name, who
is at present in the east. '
LEFT FO RDOUGLAS.
Miss Miriam Toles and brother. Si.
las Toles, left for Douglas yesterday
where they will make their home this
fall and winter. Miss Toles will teach
in tha high school of that city and
her brother will attend school there.
QUAIL SEASON SOON.
The quail season opens October
first and there seems to be lots of
them tfiis year. Probably the dollar
and a quarter license and the high
price of shells have had a great deal
to do in protecting them this season.
HERE FROM CANANEA
C. K. Wiswall, general manager of
the Cananea Copper Company accom
panied by T. J. Martin, were in the city
yesterday from Cananea and will re
turn today. Mr. Wiswall reports the
range's in tha. section as being In good
shape and cuttle in fine condition.
JOINS ENGINEERS
M. C. Kline, a well known shift boss
employed by the C. & A. company for
several years, has resigned and will,
on Tuesday leave for the state of
Massachusetts where he will join the
Twenty-fifth engineers, having enlist
ed in that organization.
LEAVES FOR TEMPE.
Miss Myrtle Ewing leaves this
morning for Tempe where she will
enter the Tempe normal school. Miss
Myrtle was a graduate of the Bisbee
high school last year. She carried
with her the best wishes of her many
friends in the Warren District. She
is the daughter of A. N. Ewing and
wife.
JURORS FOR TOMBSTONE
The following named citizens of Bis-1
bee have been called for jury duty in j
Tombstone and will report on Monday
morning at nine o'clock: Tom Baker; :
M. J. Brophy; Jack Tresiese; James
W. Campbell; Fred Myers: R. Ander-i
son; Thos. J. Hughes: Dick Mathews.
Jr.; Charles Mahan; A. Zeller and;
Dominick Giacolletti.
ON OTHER COUNTIES.
The district board at Tucson has
been working on the lists from other
counties and only took up one case
from Cochise county yesterday. That !
was the case of H. V. Stockton, whoj
lost his appeal and he was ordered in- J
to the service. The district board
will now have another lot of lists t
from Cochise county, that of the third !
call which have been completed and
forwarded to Tucson.
CAVALRYMAN KILLED.
Private A. H. Otteson, Troop D, Sev
enteenth cavalry, stationed at Naco,
died of injuries yesterday morning,
received when he was dragged about
fifty feet by the west bound Golden
State Limited, Friday night. Otteson
was crossing between the cars in an
effort to mail a letter, when his foot
slipped. His leg was broken and he
sustained internal injuries from which
he died at Osborn while being taken
to the military hospital at Douglas.
Otteson lived in Chicago.
WAS CONVICTED
Frank Lacey was found guilty of ag
gravated assault in the superior court
at Tombstone. He was charged with
an assault with intent to commit mur
der on the person of James Bell on
Naco road in this city a few weeks ago.
He will be sentenced by the court
next week. The penalty for aggravat
ed assault is a fine of not less than
$1C0 nor exceeding $2,000, or by im
prisonment in the state prison not less
than one nor more than five years, or
both fine and imprisonment.
HAS RECEIVED COMMISSION.
Sheriff Harry Wheeler yesterday
received a telegram from his sister
announcing the fact that his younger
brother, William, had enlisted in the
United States army as a first lieu
tenant adn had been assigned to the
New York division. He and Sheriff
Wheeler are the only boys now In
the family and both have been anx
ious to get into tlte present war. Their
father before them and a number of
other relatives have always been in
the army of the United States.
BASEBALL GAME TODAY.
At Vista Park today those peppery
tossers, the Junction Briggs and C.
and A. teams, will play for blood, fame
and higher standing in the league per
centages. The First Arizona will al
so go 'up and over" in a drive for
victory on the diamond. And the
khaki boys will bring their band along
to inspire them to greater deeds. It
promises to be a good menu, fans,
flavored with tobasco sauce, and plum
pudding and hard sauce served in the
ninth. Double header, you know; the
first game to start at one thirty.
MANGANESE PROSPECTS.
The immense demand for magan
ese is bringing the Tombstone district
into prominence, and there are now
two companies being organized to
take over the groups that it is be
lieved contain millions of tons of
manganese in that district. There
may be others as several outside par
ties are Inquiring about maganese
properties in that district. Mark
prediction, below the Tombstone
manganese lies copper In the Tomb
stone district. The old timers are
about to have their eyes opened.
GETTING COLD FEET.
Arrivals from Columbus state that
the remaining I. W. W.'s in that camp,
about 450 in number, are complaining
of having cold feet and have wired
to Haywood at Chicago about it. It
seems that the governmetn has shut
down on the breakfast food and also
refused to furnish the men with ex
tra blankets and that the weather was
getting cold. They wanted to know
of Haywood what he was going to do
about their not having any breakfast
and no blankets. It was also satted
that tl:ey had wired Governor Camp
bell asking when they were going to
be brought back to Bisbee.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Appearance is
everything"
A "good front" insures a man a "good standing" wher
ever he goes. Good clothes are clothe3 that fit. And
clothes that fit are made to measure.
We guarantee your good appearance in our tailor-made
fit-to-requirements all wool suits and overcoats.
They cost no more than the "other kind" and in every
way are far superior.
Now i3 the time to have your measure taken for that
Suit that you need.
Let us prove to you our slogan that "WE MAKE EM
FIT."
B. F. MILLARD
LEADING TAILOR
Phone 140 Allen Block
ARRESTED AS SLACKER
James C. Owens, of Lowell was ar
rested yesterday as a slacker and is
now being ueld pending investigation.
It was at first thought that he had not
registered but it was found that he
had but that he failed t'J show up for
examination when the second call was
made. He will now probably be held
and examined and drafted direct into
the army. He was caught by Deputy
Sheriff William Brakefield and Con
stable Hodges of Lowel! late Friday
night as he was going over a twelve
foot fence to get out of the way of
the officers. He has already served a
term in the c'ounty jail at Tombstone
for bootlegging.
RECEIVES APPOINTMENT.
Governor Thomas K. Campbell was
today appointed by Secretary of the
Treasury W. G. McAdoo a member of
the Liberty Loan Advisory council for
'he twelfth federal reserve district.
He will serve under James K. Lynch,
governor of the federal reserve bank
of San Francisco. The appointment,
received by wire, was as follows: "I
am appointing a Liberty Loan Advis
ory council for the twelfth federal
reserve district to serve under James
K. Lynch, governor of the federal re
serve bank of San Francisco, as chair
man. I have great pleasure in appoint
ing you a member and trust you can
accept the appointment."
BRINGS TWO PRISONERS. j
Captain Thomas H. Rynning of thej
Phoenix police reserve is enroute j
from Chicago with George Nivers. anj
escaped paroled prisoner from the
state penitentiary. Nivers was con-j
victed in October. 1916, in Cochise j
county of grand larceny. He was a
model prisoner, giving faithful ser
vice at the road camps until he a
paroled on July 25 of this year. Im
mediately he broke his parole by flee
ing the state, forging the name of
Sheriff Ben Armer of Globe to a
check tor $65. He was captured soon
after. On the. Captain Rynning will
stop at Gallup, !C. M., and get anoth
er escaped prisoner, just captured.
BRIDGE COMPLETED.
The county engineer's office in this
city states that the bridge over the
San Pedro at Charleston is completed
and ready for travel but the road lead
ing to it has to be put in shape first
and the board has ordered an outfit
put right to work on the road from
Tombstone to the river, nl a couple
of weeks travel should be in full
swing over the ne wroute and that
there will be lots of travel goes with
out saying, tl is a long needed want
supplied at last and the board of sup
ervisors are to be congratulated on
having given the people of the whole
county a bridge that will be useful In
the extreme, tl is the bes tlocated
and Luilt county bridge in Cochise; m
anchored in bedrock on all four cor
crete connections and nothing shore
of a small sized Noah's flood should
be able to damage its foundations or
an earthquake or volcanic eruption.
It is tied ns safely as the rock of Gib
raltar. PAYMENT FINALLY MADE.
After mon:hs of effort, payment
finally has bevn made for the $10,000
silver service presented the battle
ship Arizona by the people of the
state whose name she bears. Yet ot
the total sum $5,000 came from a
nonresident, former senator W. A.
Clark of Montana, though he owns
most of the United Verde mine at
Jerome.
The bulk of the contributions came
from the mining industry. The
Phelphs-Dodee company and Ray Con
solidated each gave $500: Inspiration
Copper company, $450; Miami Consol
idated. Jas. S. Douglas. Calumet &
Arizona. $200: Arzona Copper com
pany, $150; Old Dominion Copper com
pany. B. A. Packard. $100 each; sun
dry contributions from Santa Cruz
county, $505; cash subscription from
a Graham county man, $300; Phoenix
tag day. $1S5. The committee having
the matter in charge embraced L. W.
Mix and Allen T. Bird of Nogales:
W. K. Berg, L. S. Caies and T. E.
Campbell.
BOND ELECTION POSTPONED.
Chairman Vance Johnson of th
board of supervisors states that the
road bond election will not be railed
until December. It seems that the
board erred, technically, in the ap
pointment of the county road commis
sion simultaneous with the filing of
the petition asking that a road bonj
election be ordered. The law require
that there shall be a certain period
elapse between the filing of the peti
tion and the appointment of the com
mission provided for by the new law.
On this account it was necessary to
defer the election long enouch to al
low a correction of the technical error.
The petition has been refiled and the
election will now be held In Decem
ber instead of next month, or as tirt
ordered. So far as reports indicate
th voters of the county are ready and
anxious to vote for this bond issu
and have the work of permanent road
improvement besan as soon as possi
ble. When the bonds are voted and
sold the money will be expended und
er the direction of the following coun
ty road commissioners: Harry A.
Clark and W. M. Adamson. of Dous
las: Capt. Hodsson and J. J. Bowen,
of Bisbee. and A. H. Gardner of Tombstone.