MARKETS.
NEW YORK ClTV
Average price of cop
per for week ending
Jan. 31, 30.375.
WEATHER.
mm
Arizona: Tuesday ancf
Wednesday generally
fair. Not much change
in temperature.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 19. NO. 208.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, TUESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 6, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
SENATE OVERRIDES VETO;
LITERACY TEST
11
BECOMES
E IMMIGRANTS
Even Opposition From Japan Fails to Prevent Action
on Long Fought Issue Thrice Vetoed by Presidents.
Vote of 62 to 19 Shows Belief of Need of Homogeneity
In America.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5. Congress has overriden a
veto by President Wilson for the first time and enacted into
law the immigration bill with its long-fought literacy test pro
vision. The senate voted late today 62 to 19 to pass the meas
ure notwithstanding the stand and in spite of eleventh hour
information that Japan had again protested against the lan
guage of he Asiatic exclusion. The house overturned the
veto last week by a vote of 287 to 1 06, so the senate's action
ends the contest of 20 years' standing in which three presi
dents have repudiated similar bills passed by congress.
Regardless of Japan
The international situation was brought into the closing
debate in the senate, Senator Reed calling attention to the
Japanese objection and pleading that nothing be done at this
time to disturb or impair the country's relations with a friendly j
nation. Senator Smith of South Carolina, chairman of the ';
immigration committee answered with a declaration that thei
present state of international affairs showed the necessity for
a pure homeogenous people such as the bill was intended to
protect.
AS GERMANY WISES TO' TURNBACK
HOW GERMANY PLANS TO HEM BRITAIN IN
WITH U-BOATS AND DEADLY MINE FIELDS
Not Aimed at Japs
Senator Reed communicated infor
mation from the state department to
the effect that the Japanese embassy
had called attention to language in
the bill providing that' no aliens "now
in any way" excluded from the coun
try would in the future be permitted
to enter the United States. He said
the criticism was based on their be-
Men Required to Read
The literacy test provided for in the
bill excludes from the United States
all aliens over 16 years of age physi
callv capable of reading, who cannot
read the English language or some !
other language or dialect including
Hebrew or Yiddish. : Any admissable
alien, however, or any citizens of the
United States may bring in or send
lief that this language wrote into law i for his father or grandfather over 55
MINE- " ( f -
FiEl-D tdW !
'MINE: V c?
Fl&LD & V
co& , h FRANCE- J"W--d
A US TRIA JOINS IN
RUTHLESS DECREE;
NEUTRALS RALLY
President and Daniels Plan Taking Over of Shipbuilding
; Plants. Ford Pledges Great Factory Free. Many Big
Industrial Leaders Offer Whole Resources to President
the Root-Takahira gentlemen's 'pass
noil agieei'er.t against the 'entry of
Japanese' laborers.
Lodge Exolains It
Senator Lodge, of Massachusetts,
ranking Republican member of the
foreign relations committee, explain
ed the progress of the provisions to
which Japanese objection had been
started in the various stages of such
action. He said when the present bill
went to conference, it was decided to
phrase the language so as to exclude
all aliens "in any way" excluded or
prevented from entering the United
States.
"It does not. in my judgement,
touch the treaty of 1911 (the treaty
with .Tanan which is modified by the
so-called gentlemen's agreement) at
all. They desired that we, make no
pllnsion 'to the gentlemen's agreement
and we've made none. We have cafet
no reflection on any race or made no
discrimination. The gentlemen'
agreement will go rieht on if Japan
chooses to uphold it."
For Our Stability
"The vote of both hou.se and sen
ate." declared Chairman Smith, "is
a clear cut exoression of the senti
ment of the American oeople, on the
two fundamental principles involved
in the bill, namely, the economical
and political stability. If an Injustice
appeared it was more than overbal
anced by our paramount duty to our
own people."
years of age, his wife, mother, grand- j
mother, or 'Unmarried orT Widowed ',
daughter if otherwise admissable. re-' j
gardless of whether snch relative's !
can read.
Would Limit Aliens '
Immediately after the Senate's act-'
ion, .Representative' Gardiner of Mas- j
sachusetts, introduced in the House
a new immigration measure to limit
the number of coming into this
country to a total of 200.000.
Ends Long Issue
President Cleveland vetoed the first
immigration measure with a literacy
test provision. President Taft disap
proved the second bill, and in 1915
President Wilson rejected the third.
President Wilson wrote his second
veto message a few weeks ago.
Only thirty vetoes have been over
ridden in the history of the United
States and but four of them have
teen within the past 35 years. In
1S82 congress passed a river and har
bor bill over President Arthur's veto.
In 1886 one of 524 pension bills vetoed
by President Cleveland was forced
through congress. In Roosevelt's ad
ministration a bill to extend time for
construction of a dam on the Rainy
River in Minnesota was passed de
spite its disapproval and President
Taft's rejection of the Webb-Kenyon
interstate commerce liquor law was
repudiated.
The dotted line indicates the zone of danger around the British Isles
accord in; to the latest German declaration. One American passenger ship
' each week will be permitted to enter and leave the port l raluiouib with
out molestation. '
ANTI-GAMBLING BILL PASSES
SENATE, COMMISSION BILL FAILS
Pershing's 12,000
Arrive At Columbus
(By Review Leased Wire)
COLUMBUS. N. M.. Feb. 5.
Around campfires and in the of
ficers' clubs at Uie field base
camp here tonight, officers and
enlisted men of the punitive ex
pedition and of the troops at the
Columbus camp discussed the his
tory of the punitive . expedition
which ended here at noon today.
While the officers told stories of
their experiences in the field in
Mexico, the enlisted men sang the
songs of the Mexican camps and
told of the clash at Guerrero and
other incidents of the campaign
for the entertainment of their
comrades who did not have au op
portuinty to participate in the
campaign.
Columbus was a seething mass
of soldiers tonight. The troops
of the expedition were enjoying
their first "shore leave" in an Am
erican town ' in more than ten
months and were entertaining the
troops at the base with the stories
and songs of their Mexican cam
paign. Tomorrow these troops will re
sume their march to border sta
tions and Columbus will gradually
lapse back into the calm which
was broken by Villa's raid in the
early morning of March 9.
The refugees from Mexico who
preceded the punitive expedition
remain a problem for the civil au
thorities to solve. The American
Red Cross has been appealed to
for assistance in order to feet the
expatriated people.
Japanese Warships Seen Off
Honolulu and Puget Sound
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5. While the United States stands before the world court
of public opinion in the anxious waiting period which will determine peace or war with
Germany, President Wilson is determined that there shall be no word or deed to merit a
reproach, even from Germany herself. Nothing is to be done which is not fully justified
by the laws of nations and humanity; nothing is to be done for expediency; nothing is
to be done which is not legal and just.
With a hope for peace, and a readiness to meet war if it must be, the President has
made it clear to all his officials that the course of the United States, difficult as it is,
must be entirely beyond criticism.
Protect Germans Here
To that end, German rights and property in the United States are to have full pro
tection of law and the president wishes every American citizen to forebear from any
thought or act which might lead his country nearer to war.
Germany Won't Turn Back
Hope that Germany might at the last moment modify her declaration of unrestricted
submarine warfare was almost dissipated today by dispatches from Berlin which gave the
word of high German officials that there would be no turning back.
U. S. Awaits Inevitable
With that hope waning, American officials now only wait an actual demonstration
of how the new decree will affect American rights. The news of the killing of an Amer
ican seaman in the shelling of the boats of the British steamer Eavestone is not now re
garded as the feared overt act. . It will be thoroughly investigated, however. '
' Austria Follows Germany
Meanwhile, Austria's case still is undetermined. While it is known that the dual
monarchy has officially adhered to Germany's declaration as it now stands before the state
department, her announced intentions are somewhat different from Germany's, but it is
doubtful if there can be a real distinction. Rupture of relations with Austria seems no less
certain than it did, but the situation must 30 through definite processes before a decision
is announced.
European Neutrals Plan to Join With America
(By Review Lepsed Wire)
PHOENIX. Feb, 5. The proposed
(institutional amendment to take from
the corporation commission the power
conferred upon it of absolute control
advantage of the federal law provid-i
Ing for the inclusion of entered or I
non-entered public lands in state Ir-!
rigation projects; to take advantage
of the pending Smith-Cumberland bill
of corporations and public utilities and i and providing for the establishment of
place the commission under the direc
tion 'of the legislature and the people,
by initiated legislation failed in the
Senate today by a vote of 15 to 3.
The Senate passed the anti-gambling
bill which prohibits all known games
and devices, for money or its equival
ent. It defeated in the committee of
the whole a bill appropriating 1200.000
for the completion of the capitol build
ing and set itself against aid in bridge
building except where that is incident
tj the Improvement of state highways.
The more important new bills in
troduced were:
By Claridge, of Graham, combining
the offices of city and county assessors
and collectors of taxes, dome away
with the offices of city collector and
treasurer.
By Wlnsor, of Yuma, an Irrigation
measure authorizing the state t'o take
within federal re-
(By Review Leased Wire)
HONOLULU, Feb. 5. The ru
mored presence of a squadron of
Japanese warships in Hawaiian,
waters was given a measure of
corroboration today by reports
from passengers on the Toyo
Kaisen Kaisha steamer. They
told of having seen a cruiser ear
ly this morning. The war vessels
reported in this vicinity are the
Tokiwa, Iwata and Nishhin.
Irrigation districts
clamatfon projects.
By uetchell, of Yavapai, for the the state for fifteen and in the county
licensing of stock brokers on the pay-i five years, and to such children as
ment of a fee of 1200 annually and they may have under the age of six
furnishing a bond in the gum of j teen years, $6 a nfonth.
$5,000. j Uy Mallory, preventing the practice
"The greater part of the session of iof law for fees by unlicensed attor
neys.
The general appropriation bill will
come up in the committee of the whole
ot the House tomorrow.
PORT ANGELUS, Wn., Feb. 5.
Telegrams received here today
report the presence of two Japan
ese cruisers off Cape Flattery.
Shipping men here expressed the
opinion that the warships probab
ly were sent to this coast because
of a recent rumor of a German
raider on the west coast of the
Pacific.
Although engrossed in the task
of preparing the country for any
eventuality. President Wilson has
not lost sight of the participation
neutrals must have in the terms
of peace the terms which he
fondly hopes will insure the world
against another conflagration.
There are intimations of hold
ing a conference of neutrals to
reach an agreement on what neu
trals may ask when the time
comes. It is known that this sug
gestion is being pressed by at
least one of the European neu
trals, who has been among the
chief sufferers of the war.
It is realized, however, that the
idea is still in nebulous form.
Congress Supports Wilson
The first step. to place congress
formally on record in support of
the break with Germany was
taken m the Senate today und is
expected to be followed in the
House. Chairman Stone of the
foreign relations committee intro
duced a resolution endorsing the
President's action and it was
placed in a parliamentary posi
tion to be adopted tomorrow. Re
publicans have given assurances
of their support. The work of
co-ordinating the nation's resourc
es went steadily forward through
out the day and will be discussed
tomorrow at the first cabinet
meetiug since the announcement
of the break.
Government Control
President Wilson went to the
navy department today and con
ferred with Secretary Daniels on
expediting legislation to empow
er the government to take over
shipbuilding plajits. munition
works and facilities in case of
need.
Ford Shows Loyalty
Henry Ford, the manufacturer,
offered his great plant to the gov
ernment without cost in case of
war and volunteered to operate
it 'himself without profit. His of
fer will be accepted if there be
need. From Secretary Baker the
President received first hand
report of what is being done
within the army.
Hy proclamation the President
forbade further transfer to foreign
governments of ships building In
America. While this measure
was conceived before the break
came, iis purpose is to prevent
American merchant fleets from
being depleted. It has not been
decided to convoy such American
ships as now are sailing into the
war zone and no new regulations
as to armament have been made.
These two points are to be decid
ed later.
i
For Army of 500,000 American Shot atSea
the house was spent in the committee
of the whole in the consideration of
bills of minor importance.
Among the new measures intro
duced were the following:
By Mallory. of Pima, to prevent
trust companies and banks from act
ing as administrators, executors or
guardians of estates.
By Gc'jdwin. of Maricopa, an old age
and mother's pension law, giving to
supervisors of counties the power to
appropriate funds to pay $15 a month
to helpless persons who had lived in
COULON BEATS SHARKY
NEW YORK. Feb. 5. Johnny Cou
lon of Chicago, former bantam weight
champion, outfought Jack Sharky of
this city in a 10-round bout here to
night. The former title holder fought
at a fast pace throughout. Coulon
weighed 111 pounds and Siwrky US.' the Juarez Garrison.
BIG
(By Review Leased Wire.)
The crisis between the 1'nited
FIGHT RAGES WEST
OF CHIHUAHUA CITYi
i
(Bv Review Leased Wire.)
EL PASO, Feb. 5. Heavy fighting Penrose.
(By Review Leased Wire)
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 5. The
Schuylkill Arsenal has been author-; States and Germany ossibly may be
ized by the war department to pur-' come more acute through the report
ed killing of an American citizen by
the guns of a German submarine.
An official statement Issued in Lon-
chase materials for an army of 506.000
men, according to Colonel George II.
officer at the
commanding
is going on between the forces of Car- arsenal. In the past, he aid. the ( don says an American named Richard
ranza and Villa at a point about thir-' arsenal hud been called upon to sup-! Wallace, of Baltimore, and the mas-ty-five
miles west of Chihuahua City py but 200.000 men. j ter and two seamen of the British
Colonel Penrose said that more than ' steamer Kavestone. met death
fifty factory owners in the New Eng-j through the shell fire of the submar
land states and as far west as Oregon jine while leaving the steamer In small
had volunteered to turn their plants boats as she was sinking from the
to him for the use of the United States gun fire poured into her by the un
governmeut In case of necessity. At 1 derwater craft.
the present time, he added, there Is I Two other British steamers, the
of not enough stock on band in arsenals I Isle of Arran and Hurst wood, have
to meet an emergency. i been submarined.
between Santa Ysabel and San An
dres, according to passengers from
Chihuahua who arrived tonight at
Juarez. They sa'd a hundred and
fifty ' Carranza . wounded had been
brought into Chihuahua. A Carranza
general was also reported killed, who,
one rumor said, was General Fran
cisco Gonzales, late commander
Spain Calls Germany
(By Review I eased Wire)
MADRID. Feb. R. (via Pari. Feb.
6.) Count Konianones. the Spanish
premier, announced that Spain's re
ply to the German note on submarine
warfare would be handed to the Ger
man ambassador tomorrow and com
municated at the same time to the
Spanish ambassadors at Berlin and
Vienna.
While the exact text of the note is
not known, it is understood to be an
energetic protest, proclaiming the
Spanish right to free use of the seas
and to commercial intercourse with
foreign countries.
l '
ADMIRAL MAY DIES.
BOSTON, Feb. 5. Rear Admiral
Edward May. U. S. K.. died at We
hme here today at the age of 70
years. He ws retired in 1900 wita
the rank of rear admiral in recognt
tion of his services in the civil war. TWO
THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 6, 1917.
SUBSGRiPTtQN-BETTING FOB HIGH
PRIZES SMS IS EARNEST TODY
whether they are secured among seventy-five
candidates or a dozen. As
:!ie n alter stands now. everyone is
interested, aud it looks like everyone
going to start in real earnest, bo
it is not going to take a great majori-
of votes to w in.
in line to aid them in the merry bat-: Just so many votes will be cast in all.
Nominations S'ill Open
" tt . xt j r c n. f t If are s,i11 tninkir-S bout tnis
Many Entrants Notified Review or 1 heir Intentions to contest. the time to enter was never
Start Their Campaigns at Once. Nominations Are better. Everyone is talking about it.
Still In Order and the Time to Enter Is Just Right, everybody wants the Review, and all
your friends will, therefore, gladly
' ... ' throw their votes your way for the
Sharpen your pencils everybody. . tie of ballots. Remember one thing. . askinF A you are requjred t0 do is
Nominations are still coming in. and ; and that is the more who enter the fo cljp thp nominaUon blank beiow.
those who have already entered are j easier it is going to be for three live ; fiI jn yjup name and address and
setting to work getting their friends i candidates to win a machine arlece. . . Review When
i you do this, the Contest Editor will
I show you at once how to get five six
months' subscriptions easier than you
can possibly imagine. This will al
low you 13.000 votes extra, in addition
to the regular schedule as printed be
low. This is a special vote induce
ment, and will be discontinued next
Saturday night at 9 o'clock. If you
have the willingness to enter your
name now, and accomplish this much
before the end of the week, you ran
just put it down in your note book
that your chances of winning are
: mighty good.
! ' No one is expected to boost for a
person whose name is not entered, but
! once your friends see that you are de
termined to make the effort, their de
termination to help you will follow.
VOTE SCHEDULE.
VOTES ALLOWED AND SUBSCRIPTION PRICE
FOR PAID-IN-ADVANCE SUBSCRIPTIONS TO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW.
3 months' subscription $ 2.25 500 Votes
6 months' subscription 4.00 1 200 Votes
1 year s subscription 7.50 3000 Votes
2 years' subscription 15.00 8000 Votes
Note: The same number of votes are allowed for
either NEW or RENEWAL subscriptions.
CLIP ON BLACK BORDERS. .
m
l i
A good habit cannot be formed
too early start the children on
Lynn
For The Teeth
Powder Cream
Send 2c stamp for generocs sample of either Dr. L;vi's
Perfect Dental Cream or Too'.h Powder.
t
n
s
i
OR. BAKER, Optometrist, at Hotel
Victoria, Bisbee, one week, beginning
Saturday, February 3.
The snfue critical
examinitlon for 'Ve
purpose of fit tin
i glasses, uiu.:ii. y ' r-r.
: recomnx'Tiiii"! i;
the highest a-
knowledged Ji
authorities.
Phone 54. $
I
DIAMONDS
I. W. Lyon & Son. Int, 571 W.
7th Sl, N. YCity
mi
l
i
...I
I
BILL IN CONGRESS
WOULD TAKE OVER
R.R, OF U.S. IN WAR
FEAR AMERICANS
IN TURKEY MAY
SUFFER BY BREAK
(By Review Leased Wire) (By Review leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5. Carrying ! BOSTON, Feb. 5. "Turkey s atti
a provision to empower the President j tude will be more keenly w atched
to take over railroads in time of war than that of any other of the eentral
the administration railway labor bill j powers if the United States becomes
was reintroduced in the house today i one of the belligerents against Cer-
. Good for
5000
VOTES.
Nomination Coupon
Good for
50Q3
VOTES.
Bisbee Daily Review Greater Automobile end Prize
Contest
Nominate Mrs. or .Miss
Address (Describe location)
Phone Number P. O. Box
Nominated by nyseif or
Address :.
Note: Nnnies of parties nr:iiia,i:ig candidates will not be divulged
without the consent of persons so nominating them. Oly one nomi
nation ecupen will count for end; candidate.
Votes Published Wednesday
Now. then. Miss Candidate, get
busy, with the accent on the word
"busy." The next list of votes will
be published in the Review Wednes
day morning, and you should have
something opposite your name good
for the eyes to look at. Just the num
ber of otes that one or two subscrip
tions would entitle you to is enough
to start the ball rolling. The contest
13 juf.t getting tinder way, and it is
within the reach of all to gather at
least five six-months subscriptions by
next Saturday night. If you have any
loubt that it will take you longer than
single day to accomplish that much,
nay a cr.II to the Contest Headquar
ters, and the Contest Kditor will re
lieve you of(your doubt. Spell NOW
backwards and you have W-O-N. Clip
the nomination blank below, enter
your name today.
without the compulsory arbitration i
feature.
The bill as re-introduced by Chair-'.
man Adamson is much like that pre- .
pared by the Senate interstate com- !
merce committee. It provides settle- .
ment of threatened strikes after the ;
usual mediation efforts have failed by
a presidential committee composed of i
two representatives of the roads, two
of the men and the existing media
tion and conciliation board. The com
mission would report its findings with
recommendation within three months.
The bill would not prohibit s'rikes
pending the investigation but would,
like the Senate measure, make It a .
crime to interfere with interstcte
commerce, and would authorize the
president to use military force '
Pure Food Grocery,
Phone 29.
many," said Dr. James Barton, for
eign secretary of the American Board
of Commerce for Foreign Missions
here today.
He declared that Americans had in- ;
vested more than $in,oon,000 in Tur
key in educational, literary, medical
industrial and religious philanthropise
enterprises, and that a!)out two hun
dred Americans arc now upon the
;round in charge of the institutions j
for those purposes. i
"If Germany is able to persuade
Turkey to assume an attitude j1 ,
hostility i( the United States;." Dr.
Barton con. inutd. 'f!! ln-se institu-j
tions will probably be tak-n posses- j 11 WOrk done on the premises
iion in ijy iric 1 utas ami uie -Americans
in charge ''' be evpeiled or interned."
We expect a shipment of
JONES
DAIRY
FARM
HAMS AND BACONS
in the next few days.
Leave your order now.
J,
AMOf li
DIAMONDS
DIAMONDS
DIAMONDS
DIAMONDS
DIAMONDS
WATCHES
WATCHES
W A T C II E. S
WATCHES
WATCHES
WATCHES
L. L. Gilman
EYE NERVE GLASSES
DR.
Permanently located
In Bisbee. excert
Mondays in Douglas.
Rooms 10 aud 11
Maze Building.
R GLAZE, Neurologist.
Phone 156.
HEINO & KEANE
High Class Tailors
Ladies ork a Specialty.
by Union Tailors.
Phone 677, Johnson Addition.
O. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
.CLIP ON BLAK EORDcRS. .
REPUBLICANS IN HOUSE
PLAN TO NAME SPEAKER
Good for
10
Votes.
.1..
fx V
mm
mm
The Bisbee Di'Iy Review
Greater Automobile end F'iize Contest
Good for
10
Votes.
"whenever, in his judgement the pub- rp HfOTll I rmPn
lie interest requires" and to drrtt J flXH fJlO I ILLtHiu
ianruau employers aim .employes in
time of war. insurrection, invasion, or
any emergency requiring the trens-
portation of troops or 'mlitary equip
ment. Telegraph and telephone I:nes
also would be subject to the draft and
officers designated by the president
wo'Vd take charge of communications.
For Mrs. or
Address
V-
Not good if deposited ;:ftcr Ftbruary loth. Clip as many of these
coupons a3 you can and ask your friends to clip them for you.
Coupons must be deposited in flat packages end not rolled. Clip
neatly on border lines.
WASHINGTON, Feb. S. Republi
can representatives at a caucus to
night discussed party measures gen
erally and adopted a resolution creat
ing a committee of twenty-seven to
consider resolutions relating to the !
organization cf the house next March.:
: Many speeches were made at tonight'-s!
meeting, all In a spirit of harmony, j
Representative Mann, in urging his
; resolution, said that no man shou'd
i consider his own ambition in the
speakership contest and that party Amerkan merchant shipS sailing for
effectiveness should be placed above ' tl,e European war zone, it is regarded
! personal consideration. He referred to i as lliphIy improbable in official circles
Ithe international crisis and for thej,hat convoying, by warships will be
! necessity for thorough statesmanship. ' und,,rtaken-
The shipping problem is a most
U. S. WONT CONVOY
TRADE SHIPS OVER
fBv Roview I.onsed Wiie)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 5. W.'iile no
final decision has been reached as to
the attitude of he government toward
TO U, S. IN CASE OF
WAR TO MAKE ALCOHOL
(Hy Review Leased Wire).
LOC1SVILLK. Ky.. Feb. 5. All dis
tilling plants in Kentucky were placed
at the disposal of the United States
for the production of alcohol to be
used in the manufacture of munitions
in a telegram sent late today to the
secretary, of war by J. B. Wathen, Jr.,
president of the Kentucky Distillers
and Wholesale Liquor Dealers Asso
ciation. There are 203 distilleries in the
state. Of these htteen having a daily
capacity of 200,000 gallons are now
engaged in alcohol production.
FOR
CARPENTER
CALL TEL. 5C6.
VWAVAVvY
l
CATARRH
i OF THE '
fa BLADDER
f9A
sule h. ar ti e (M'riYl
3nrore rf cmrtter'eitM
Hav th
CITY PARK TAILORS
mae your next cult 3000 pat
tern to pick from Under new
city park, Bisbee.
UEEN LAUNDRY
Hetpectfully Solicits Vour
Patronage
FHONE 53
ml .V'aj wr'WntsrW
rvr, fei,f. with R;If a.
vr SOLD ?Y WlCf.:SlSEUkYihERf
. -z-
I I I . II
- j complicated on and ollicials charged j
-v wiin preparing a statement on the suu-
1 : i . . ...i. : ..i. ...... i i !
Biven i
Men Anticipate Your Clothing Needs
Prices Are Much in Your Favor fust Now
IF WE WERE NOW on the threshold of a season of perpetual spring, it might be
wise to worry along with that old winter Suit or Overcoat which is not quite as pre
sentable as you'd like to have it.
BUT THAT YOU'LL NEED exactly the very kind of clothing we're selling today
at reJ.iceci prices again next winter is as certain as taxes. And hundreds of Bisbee's
thrifty 'nert knowing thio, are taking advantage of the extraordinary clothing values
here now. It doesn't pay manufacturers nor us to keep this clothing until next winter
but most decidedly it will pay the individual to do so; for you'll find Suits and Over
coats of equal style and quality several dollars higher next season.
H2.95
For Men's
$15 and $18.50
Suits and
Overcoats
For P.ien's
$20 and $22.50
Suits and
Overcoats
m.95
For Men's
$25 and $27.50
Suits and '
Overcoat
m.95
For Men's
Regular $30
Suits and
Overcoats
5 VivrS. w
ject which was to Jiave been
i out tonight had not completed their
task. The statement may be ready j
i tomorrow. , J
No matterswhjit course the United!
' States may adi5pt. it is felt here thatj
it will lead to war If Germany carries j
out her threat to sink all ships en ;
i 'ering the prescribed area. J
1 The state department has been car-1
ful to impress the inalienable right of j
' Americans to journey on the liic'i
j seas, to those who have requested ad j
: vice as fo what course to pursue, but !
has been equally careful not to take'
any action which could he regarded ,
as instructions. Shipments are left
to their own discretion, with the sug-
! gestion that while they may go out '
, at any time, the government can but'
; point to tiie danger of involving the
1 country in war. '
THANK
YOUR
GROCER
WHITEHEAD'S ASSAILANT
EXECUTED AT PILARES ;
DOUGLAS, Feb. A Mexican who1
attempted to assassinate Hcrt White-i
liend, manager of the Moctezuma Cop
per company's slore at Uilares, So
nora, Saturday afternoon, shooting-
into the building and wouuding him.
as well a.i Alexander S.Kier aud a
Mexican boy. was executed a few
'ours later by a tiring squad actirt;:
under the orders of Colonel Alberto
Cano, according to arrivals from I'il
ares toihiv Tlu fhrei wounded men I
probably will recover.
if he asks you
to try a can of
K BAKING
POWDER
He wants to do
you a favor
he knows what
brands to rec
ommend from
experience.
Walking Bergqufst
Quality Jewelers
The Best Opticians
l
i 1 v T 'ir,' A T v
!s rtJL;ji-.'i?'i-..rvi.
:Y
COPrER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best oi everythme at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 50c luncheon daily. Also 5 1 .00 dinner from
5 :30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $35 ;
$9 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
WOULD "INTERN" BRYAN
WASHINGTON. 1M b. 5. - Win.
J. liryan's presence in Washing
ton at this time and his proposals
o a popular referendum en the
uestion of the I nited States go
ing to wnr against Germany at
tracted notice today on the floor
of the H'juse. A discussion was
precipitated by Hepresentati e
Miller, of Minnesota, who read
! Mm-
1
Kit
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber c Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
I7v Si ' v
1;"
8
a message from a constituent W A 1 - A f
statiiiK that "the interests of our JL fcS "
country would be conserved by a JVWAak A. ikiL
A LITTLE TALK ON LUMBER
may put you in the way of savin?
a lot of money. Come and ha
it w ith us. We want Jo prove to
you how the best lumber is the
cheapest at the start as well as
in the end. We cannot show you
the physical difference between
poor and the best lumber for we
do net handle any but the latter
quality.
Bisbee Lumber Company, fm
r
t he, iiiimetliati'
said Bryan."
iuU-nniienl ol the r
1
Z,
About It
EMIL MARKS
4
Mgr. LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE 25. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY G, 1917.
THREE
AMERICAN STEAMERS iWEBER TO WRESTLE
' ARRIVE IN ENGLAND; ROCKLER OF GLOBE
IN BISBEE SUNDAY
Only Two U. S. Merchant
Ships Are Now On Forbid
den Seas.
(By Review Leased Win-)
NEV YORK. Fob. 5. With the
safe arrival at Liverpool today of the
American line steamers Philadelphia
and Finland, and the arrival here from
Liverpool of the St. Paul, only two
Aiiif-riean pass-nper ships now aro at
sea -the Kioouland, which sailed
troin Liverpool January 31. and the
Ni-w York, which WU the same port
February 3.
The Owepo. an American freighter
left here today for Genoa. Cable
messages to officials of the American
Liue in this city told of the arrival
at Liverpool of the Philadelphia sud
tUe Finland. The St. Paul with 22
piissensrors on board, was compelled
to anchor off Sandy Hook today , on
account of a heavy snowstorm. She
did not proceed to her pier until late
afternoon her officers reported an un
usually stormy passage.
Officials of the American Line An
nounced tonight that the St. Louis,
di-tained here since Saturday on ac
count of the international situation,
would not sail "before Wednesday,
Fetrunry T, at noon.' It had been
announced that the St. Louis probab
ly would pet away today but when
the hour set for her departure arrived
it was said that it had been decided
to await further advices from state
department at Washington before per
mitting her to depart. No statement
was made by officials whether the
ship would sail Wednesday.
The ship carries no cargo that can
e classed as contraband. There
have been no changes in her mark
ings, designating her as an American
vessef as suggested in the last Ger
man note.
District's Best Heavyweight
Will Be Seen In Action.
Managers Post Money To
Assure Match.
of a
Announcement was made last night
wrestling match between Leo
Rockier of ih.be and It. ('. Weber of
rsisbee. scheduled Tor Itisbee Sunday
aft.-rnoon at 2:20. The location of
the match is yet to be decided.
The men are heavyweights. Rock
ier is here from Globe where he has
been given much space in the news
papers by reason of a succession or
victories against "the toughest
birds" in that section of the country.
He is an old timer, has wrestled
Gotch before the latter acquired the
hilt: Toko, the Jap, and others.
Local sportsmen know Weber. He
has been seen often in exhibitions at
the local "Y" gymnasium, and his rec
ord on the roast is well known here.
Weber has held the championship
of the. Los Angeles Athletic ( tub for
three years prior to his coming here
six mojiths ago. There as here, he
has scrupulously guarded his good
name in the game. His record is be
yond reproach. His ability, too, Is
unquestioned. t
Rockier weighs 185; Weber ISO.
One thing is sure: if the Globe man
wins he will know he has been in a
match.
Money posted by the managers of
each man with the sporting editor of
the Review last night for the wrest
ler;' appearance Sunday. Doc Alex
ander is handling Rockier; C. W. Mc
Dariiels manages Weber.
PROMULGATE CONSTITUTION.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 5. The new
constitution was promulgated today.
Laws will be necessary tt put many
of the provisions into effect, but with
out further legislation a president and
BLIZZARD HURLS
SHIPS UPON ROCKS ,
; OF MASSACHUSETTS
NANTUCKET. Mass.,
Feb. 5 Many
have
congress will be elected March 11. I marine disasters are feared to
Members of congress will take office . resulted from the blizzard which
April 13 and the president on May 1. struck Nantucket today. The steam-
' : or A. T. Sehhell of Newport, was
TAKES GERMAN WIRELESS MEN I atandoned in the floes near the end
. OFF JERSEY RADIO j of Green Point today, the crew escap
TUCKERTQN, N. J"., Feb. 5. With ins over the ice to shore. Much ans
wer arrial here tonight of a squad of
marines from the Philadelphia navy
yard, the United Stales government
assumed charpe of the Tuckertou
.virf'.ess station and removed its Ger
n.an opera'ors.
iety is felt for the safety cf the sloop
Highland Bell, last seen wallowing in
heavy seas at the edge of the ice field
in Nantucket Sound where hf lp could
not reach her. She has three men on
board.
Bisbee
FIGHTING U. S, IS
LESSER OF EVILS
DECLARE GERMANS
(By Review Leased Wire.)
BERLIN, Feb. 3. The morning
newspapers treat the breach in diplo
matic relations between the United
States and Germany as a matter of
great gravity but all the editorials
are calm and moderate. The avoid
ance of insulting language and cur
ting epithets is especially noticeable.
Most of the newspapers say the news
created no surprise, some of them ex
plaining that this step was expected
in view of President Wilson's message
of last A'prll and others that It was
expected in view of the President's
continual siding with the entente
since the war legan."
All the newspapers strongly reject
the imputation that Germany has
broken her promise made in her note
of May 4, last, laying stress upon the
fact that Germany's promise was ex
pressly conditioned on President Wil
son's success in bringing England to
an observance of the laws of nations.
They generally assert that President
Wilson persists in ignoring Germany's
justification for her submarine pol
icy, as outlined in her verious notes.
A number of the papers adopt a re
gretful tone over the wreck of the
old friendship between the two coun
tries, which they say Germany risk
ed only because her life interests were
at stake. It is generally assumed by
the newspapers that the United States
will make an early declaration of war
against Germany, for they say the
submarine campaign can hardly be
prosecuted without the loss of some
American lives.
While the entrance of the United
States into the ranks of Germany's
enemies woti'd be highly regrettable,
the newspapers say the country mast
meet this danger as the lesser of two
evils. The danger of the Unite-!
State? as a war factor is treated as
comparatively unimportant, owing to
the remoteness of the area of war
and the time that would be required
t? create an army. The op'nio:i is
evinced in some quarters that th pr.b-n-nrines
will decide the war before
t-ie United Stipes can take an a:Vv
baud.
Cur Izay representative -vr 111 call
at your home to show you what
Calumet Baking Powder v:U do
for you and why it is called the
cook's best friend.
The demonstration nd test she will
make are iiiteresung and instructive.
The test is not a comparative test of
the strength of different baking pow
ders because the water glass test does
not chov the strength of baking pow
der that dees not contain vhite of egg.
The test vrill, however, show the su
periority o Calumet in other respects
and prove why it has solved all baking
problems in millions of homes. Calumet
is net only the best leavening agent
possible to make, but it is sold at a
popular price and is therefore an im
portant facior in reducing the high
cost of living.
Calumet is manufactured in the
largest, finest and most sanitary baking
powder p"3nt in the world, bT experts
v'ho mak.; nothing but baking powder.
Calumet received the highest awards
for purity r.nd efficiency at the world's
greatest :::rc food expositions at Chi
cio in .207, ?.nd at Paris, France, in
1912. Cr-umct contains only such
ingre-.lients as have been officially
a-proved by the Ur.itcd States Food
Authorities.
AMERICAN EMBASSY
CEASES IN BERLIN
Spanish Diplomats Take Over
Interests; Gerard There.
tftv Review Leased Wire)
BTCKLIN, Feb. 5. (Via London)
The American embassy, which from
i ore o'clock today, ceased tt be the
1 merican embassy, and metaphorlcal-
hauled down the Stars and Stripes
when Ambassador Gerard received his
passport s( will, after Mr. Gerard's de
parture, house the departments of the
Spanish embassy and the Dutch lega
tion, which have" been entrusted with
the interests respectively of the Unit
ed States and Great Britain.
Plans for the departure of Mr.
Gerard and his staff are still unset
tled, it will perhaps be a matter of
several days before they -will leave
Germany. The ambassador and Sec
retary Grew, with their families, will
return directly to the United States.
The attaches an! others whti have
been assigned by the embassy to look
after the work connected with prison
ers and relief, will probably also re
turn to the United States. The other
secretaries will be assigned to various
European embassies and legations.
AVIATION GROUNDS
AT SAN ANTONIO
HEAVILY GUARDED
SAN ANTONIO. Feb. 5. A heavy
guard was placed around the aviation
grounds at Fort Sam Houston tonight
and no person without a permit was
ullowed within 100 yards of the head
quarters of the flying squadron. A
I strict censorship has been placed on
ill news regarding troop ovements.
It was unofficially reported that or
ders for the homeward movement of
r he Second Wisconsin, Fifth Maryland
j Fifth Nebraska. Second Virginia.
: First Oklahoma and Fourth South
i Dakota infantry regiments had been
cancelled.
C 3 hi met "s 'nrantecd to be Pure in
the Cart I'urc the Baking. Try
Calu.not c.!i:e ctour risk. Your money
back vithout qaest'C-aif it :.n't the best
baking powder von ever rned.
Calim;
CHICAGO
NOGALES GUARDS
ORDERED TO STAY
By Review Leased Wire)
NOGALES. Ariz.. Feb. 5. An order
suspending all movements of national
guard troops was received today at
the headquarters of the Nogales mili
tary district, which had been prepar
ing to leave for home upon the arri
val here of the Tenth United States
Cavalry tomorrow.
Several
taste
3
cigarettes
ffood to
but
may
You can't get the fullest
enjoyment from brooking un
less your cigarette is also
COMFORTABLE.
Tbat is probably the main
reason why so many men are
selecting Fatiums for lluir
steatly smoke. Because Falimjs
are fountl to le truly comfort
able not only to your throat
and tongue, but AFTER smok
ing, ap.. Even if you lianjwa
to sjuoko u;or; than usual,
Fat i mas never roi'iiiuJ ou of
it. '1 hf ir u Iie.!L:!y balanced
Turkish lle!.(l of rsW-pure
tobaccos lakes Care of that.
Your fir? I package will show
you how eoi::!'r:sble a sensible
cigarette cau be.
1
V i
I 41
Mr c4 S ensibltz C icjare tt& j
. T Tin.
The nririnal Turkish Blend
" J " ,V'1U't Uk ''L,
17 GERMAN VESSELS
' SEIZED IN MANILA.
MANILA. Feb. 5. The federal au
thorities at six o'clock tonight seized
the 17 German merchant vessels an
chored in Manila Bay. All the Ger
man crews were arrested. In addi
tion there are six other German ves
sels interned In this part of the w'jrld.
Whether they will be seibed has not
been determined.
Only One "Bromo Quinine'
Whenever you feel a cold coming on,
think of the full nam? LAXATIVE
BROMO QUININE. Cures a Cold in one
day. Cures Grip in two days. Look for
signature of E.W. Grove on the box. 25c
BOWLING
TURK PREMIER RESIGNS
Tucson bowlers will play the Bis-
i bee boys here next Saturday night,
j The following is the score of those
j contesting for the team:
FORMER EL PASO MAYOR
DIES IN ANGEL CITY
Why Don't You
Ask Art
! Frank Butler . . 147 150 1.16
j Curtiss 104 77 119
! Heese 129 99 1.".9 133 139 ICS
! Wm. Brown ICS 169
j Earf Wittig V22 16rt 123.
j Drury 131 156 142 "
j Totnlinsonv 122 125 124 154
Bonadies 153- 160
j D. Williams 113 116 SS
Rogers 155 ISO 175
Martyr 165 161 119 15S
Jim Atkinson .. 1S1 161 100
(?. D. Brown ... 133
' R. Robathan ... 173 150
; N. Robathan ... 148 1S2 124
I McDonald 161 126
i J. P. Jones 149 137 136
Heath 101 U'l
LONDON. Feb. 5. The Turkish
grand vizier has resigned, according
to a Reuter dispatch from Constanti-i
nople by way of Amsterdam. I
Talaat Bey, ho lias held many
porlfulois in the cabinet, has formed
i a new ministry, with Enver Pasha as
minister of war.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 5. Edward
Charles Pew, 72 years, former mayor
of El Paso, Texas, died today at hi
home here. He was past grand mas
ter of the Masonic Grand Lodge of
Texas. Tew is survived by a widow
and a son. The latter lives in El Pa
so. ;
Ask
Grandfather
He'll
Tefl You-
Treat The Body As
A Delicate Machine
You would not let a machine built for efficient
work, Kt rusty and full of dust and dirt. Why
let the body, the most delicate of all ma hines,
pet rusty and run down from inattention?
Cleanse the Llood; that's the secret; keep it clean.
S. S. S proven for 50 years the best of all blood
tonics, will do it. Get a bottle at your druggist's
TODAY and take it according to directions.
SWIFT SPECIFIC CO, ATLANTA. CA.
S.S.S. Keeps it Always Fit
MEAT WIT
THE LITTLE PORTABLE GAS HEATER ENABLES YOU
TO QUICKLY CONVERT THE COLDEST ROOM IN
YOUR HOUSE TO WARMTH AND CHEER IT GIVES
1 V V .
1 .
:,-nz: .-4
Comfort'
WHERE YOU WANT IT
WHEN YOU WANT IT
LIGHTS AT THE FLASH OF A MATCH CONNECTS
BY A FLEXIBLE METALLIC TUBE AND CAN BE
EASILY MOVED FROM ONE ROOM TO ANOTHER.
QUICK
SAFE CLEAN
Prices $2.75 to $7.00 .
E IMPROVEMENT 09. FOUR
THE BISBEE, DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 6, 1917.
Published Every Day Except Monday by the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 3, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable in Advance:
PER MONTH .75
THREE MONTHS 2.25
SIX MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter 75
Ho Subscription Taken For less Than 75 Cents.
. PHONE NO. 39.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Oaily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor if any irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Tuesday Morning, February 6, 1917.
THE COUNTRY'S CALMNESS
Fulfillment of actual conditions tantamount to war
with Germany and her allies Is not attended throughout
this country by alarming disturbances which doubtless
many people believed must arise as the result of Pres
ident Wilson's action. These United States are prac
tically unified in the sentiment that the presdent has
acted right; has taken the only possible course and this
may account for the equinimity that fortunately pre--vails
throughout the land.
There has come from no quarter any expression of
fear of the consequences from severing diplomatic rela
tions with Germany. The probability of Austria endors
ing the murderous submarine program causes no appre
heusiou. Industry has been stimulated instead of de
pressed, taking the view that the economic participation
of the United States in actual conflict will call for oven
greater production than is put forth at the present time.
If the stock market be accepted as a barometer, it re
veals a rising prosperity. The experience, of Japan un
der similar conditions is valued as illustrating what may
confidently be expected here. When Japan declared wiir
with Germany, she was a debtor nation. Today, she is
proud of her position on tlie creditors' side.
The possibility that this country, in the event of
declaration of war, will be called upon to bend trocps
abroad or dispatch any considerable number of war
ships into foreign waters is remote. This, also, may
contribute to the absence of dread or apprehension. We
believe, however, that should occasion arise to augment
the armies or the navies of the Kntente, the response
from this country would he enthusiastic as to spirit and
tremendous as to numbers.
Time has now been given for reflection over the lYes
ident's action and the wonder grows that the Kaiser
should have taken a course which compelled the sevcr
ance of diplomatic relations with this country. That thj
United States has acted with the greatest patience in
the face of little short of international insult, is a fact
recognized by every neutral power. It is therefore uni
versally recognized that righteous anger alone compelled
by acts which indirectly at least are a menace to world
established institutions is the occasion for our attitude
toward Germany. There thus, accrues to this nation the
moral support of the entire world except that withheld
by Germany and .her allies.
No wonder, then that optimism reigns throughout
the land; that our people view the future with unbounded
confidence and buoyancy.
ling majority of the people an approval of Governor
Campbell's conduct and his advice to await peace
ably the verdict of the courts. The ousted governor's
behaior was highly provocative of the public's pa
tience, for he defied at every point short of the su
preme court the verdict of the people as found by
its regularly constituted electoral board. Neverthe
less, he was as safe from personal violence or mob
revenge in Arizona as Jie would have been in Mass
achusetts, and doubtless safer than In certain states
which could be, but need not be, named. Arizona's
conduct under the circumstances entitles her citi
zenship to the congratulations of the country and the
leadership of the new governor, since his election on
November 7 last, augurs well for the success of his
administration.
TO PUT NAVY AND
ARMY ON WAR BASIS
now lom; will it last?
Bv BKIXKJCRHOFF.
An ti-Aircraft Guns to Be Dis
tributed Among U. S. Cities
Laws Against Spies Is
Shaping.
.?'. V' XtJjS:jf
BOSTON ON ARIZONA
Although the subject has been discussed from every
angle locally, Boston's views of Arizona's muddled guber
natorial situation, as published by the Boston Transcript,
is indeed worthy of reproduction as follows:
A Model For the Nation
When the youngest state in the Union ii ap
plying for admission, a few years ago, the oppo
nents of statehood in and out of congr-ess contended
that Arizona was aot ready for self-government. The
people of the new Btate have produced proof to
the contrary, convincing to their critics and credi
table to themselves, by their behavior throughout the
crisis which the decision of the supreme court of
the state has just ended. By that decision Thomas
E. Campbell, Republican, is declared to be the de
facto governor, and George Willie Paul Hunt, Hie
Democrat, in spite of his impressive name, is or
dered ousted frc'm the office. AH the members of the
court are Democrats, and their derision sustains
the contention of the state board of returns, also
urdur Democratic control, which proclaimed the
election of Camrbell by a majority of thirtv-odd
votes. The secretary of Mate, a Democrat, issued
to Campbell a certificate of uln-iiou.
Tbe certificate of election was issued in Decem
ber. Nevertheless Governor Hunt has remained in
.possession of fie state capitol at Phoenix, an-d soma
of his followers have support:"! Llm in his refusal
to turn over the office to Governor Campbell. The
latter delivered his inaugural at the begluning of
the year on the steps of the capitol, and has been
exercising all the prerogatives cf the governorship
possible under the circumstances Naturally public
excitement ran Inch, no only in rUoenix. but else
where through (lie ttatc. At s!l times, however,
tliT.- Laj l a utittifc-U-J cn the part of a centre'.-
TRADE MARKED GOODS
There seems to be one realm of business in whicli the
harassed consumer isn't getting the worst of it. It's
the field of trade marked goods.
In answer to an onslaught from George W. Perkins,
who declared that the use of trade marked and adver
tised brands of merchandise increased the cost of living,
an that it was better to buy provisions in bulk rather
than in package, the Fair Trade League has made public
letters from forty of the country's leading manufacturers
of trade marked gcods. These products belong to many
different branches of industry. Thirty-one firms say that
they have not raised prices at all since the war began,
and others who hrve been obliged to raise .their rates
to the dealers have taken care that the raise should not
be passed on to the consumer.
From the very nature of the case, it appears, the price
f a trade marked article tends to remain stationary.
It lias been advertised throughout the country, and the
public has become familiar with its quality and price.
Its popularity depends oh its maintaining that quality
and price. Thus manufacturers in general, though forced
to pay more than formerly for almost all elements of
cost entering into the ''manufacture of their goods, have
decided to be content with smaller profits! or even no pro
fits at all in some instances, rather than sacrifice the
good will they have built up.
In illustration of this attitude it is explained that one
packer of a well known brand of bacon .has not ad
vanced the price of trade marked packages, although
the raw bacon has gone up from 14 1-2 cents to 17 1-2
cents in the last two years. Baseballs, which have long
sold at the standard price of $1.25, have not risen, though
the price of materials has greatly advanced.. A big man
ufacturer of tran marked drugs .has maintained his old
prices in the face of advances in raw materials of 20't
to 800 per cent
mained stationary in retail price, while the cost of mak
ing them has soared. A prominent hosiery firm has not
raised prices at all. A glove manufacturer says he has
kept his product ut the old price,- though "it is more
profitable right now to sell gloves without our trade
mark on them."
This is worth remembering. It is to the honor of
American business that so many firms -have refused to
join in the scramble for transient profits. And no doubt
it's good business as well as good morals. Those who
have kept faith with the public will profit in the end.
. ; w.vr-. is- i
Branded dental goods have mostly th- y',e day.
Senator Overman s espionage ti:l
provides penalties of two years im-
GERM-PROOF BOOKS
Once more the well-worn library book has demon
strated its apparently germ-proof quality. A bacteriolo
gist of Johns Hopkins University recently examined 75
public library books which had been in circulation for
years and 150 books from homes in which diphtheria had
existed. He found no deadly germs of any kind in the
books.
T.bat may In? a blow to the germ maniac, but it's
cheering thought to the rest of tlie reading public.
Whether the dryness of the books made them immune,
or whether there is some chemical safeguard in the pa
per, ink or binding is not known. It doesn't really make
much different e to the reader. He's relieved to know
that he's not running any undue risks when Jie rarri :
a particularly frayed and thumbed volume into his home.
This apparent immunity of bocks need not, however,
make us careless and utterly indifferent to the germ
idea. We can still heed the' warnings and sneeze into
our pocket handkerchiefs instead of into our books. The
usual precautions against the spread of disease through
books as well as through clothing or any other medium
need not be set aside. But let us cease to worry about
germs where cvui the bacteriologist fails to find them.
L.
THE SUFFRAGE FUND
Public opinion will approve of the way Mrs. Carrie
Chapman Catt. the woman suffrage leader, plans to use
the $1,000,(mmj bequeathed to her by Mrs. Frank Leslie
for the promotion, of the suffrage cause. Mrs. Catt an
nounces that none of the money is to be spent, as many
critics feared it would be, in financing political cam
paigns. It will not be used to drive the federal amend
ment through congress nor to lift, the burden of a state
campaign from any suffrage organization, if any of it
is spent in connection with any eauipairn, it will be
merely as a collateral enterprise, undertaken, for it;;
general educational value.
(Rv Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 5. emigres
began earnestly today to pave the way'
I 1 I..!.,,: ... . Kn itomondiiil I
1UI IVginiAllUII llldb 1110,7 ,v
by any development in the interna
tional crisis.
Still hopeful that the break witlij
Germany will not invojv'e the Unit
ed States in war, leaders of both
parties recognized that preparations
should not be delayed and there was
unusual activity in the naval, mili
tary and revenue committees, while
the judiciary committee of the sen
ate worked all day on a series of
measures relating to conspiracies
against the government.
The senate prepared to give its of
ficial sanction to the severance of re
lations with Germany. Chairman
Stone introduced a resolution endors
ing the president's course and proli
ably. will call it up tomorrow for ac
tion. A majority of the Republican i
leaders are in sympathy with the res
olution and Senator Lodge, ranking
Republican member of the foreign r.'-j
lations committee, will speak in its
favor.
A measure prescribing heavy pun
ishments for espionage, framed by the.'
department of justice was introduced
in the senate and at the request of
Secretary Baker, the house military
committee wrote into t'.ie annual
army aopropriation bill a special ap-
proprintion .for anti-aircraft guns at
arsenals and a provision removing af! !
limit from the number of wrmy gen
eral staff officers, who may be stj
tioned at -Washington to work
war problems.
The army, bill was put into final,
form in committee today and proba
bly will be called in the house some
time this week. Tomorrow the house !
will resume debate on the naval bill
with the hope of passing it during Hajj: yXxon Volunteers at
First, Then the Universal
Service System Must Apply
prisonnient. and a line of $10,0(10 for'
any one ayprnach'ng. entering er fly
ing in an aeroplane over any vessd,'
fnrt nnvv vaH or r-ilinr ixra i-iin-
,j .., ., , , , . aavv department ciuels and emplojes, .
nected with the national defense to ..f , , . I
, . , , . .... &usv with plans for any military ac-1
obtain Information to which Jie is not Uvity tJle naUon may, requlre ., iu. -
officially entitled. It applies to anv .rrest jn tl.tir task !lCi-.lunird today
one who obtains photographs, blue- oy a personal v i.sit fi'jni President
prints, documents or memoranda .f Wilson. The President appeared un-!
such places and to code or signal announced at the olliccs uf Secretary ;
books and models. The same penal- Daniels and alter the conference drop- j
ties are provided for mailing anv let- Pe'1 in on Secretary Baker. ,
. . ... i With Secretary Daniels ne talked 1
ter or document written in any me- , . . .u i
, . , . . ... . , over the amendment to the naval ap-
dmm. which is not visible unless sub- propriation Dlii wh,,.h tlie Holwe is
jeet to heat, chemicals, or other treat- expfccte,i . pass tomorrow, empower-1
ment-" ins tiie President i'j take oer ship-'
Important amendments to the naval building plants, nuiiiiiion works ;flid j
bill necessitated by the international other private ageiu ies wtal to the con-:
emergency were a subject of the con- sti ucuou of operation ot me navy iu
fprenro tnHav hotu-pon f'liairmnn war times. ;
Padgett of the house committee and
Secretary Daniels.
7
Mi
i
he H
;ARMY AND NAVY ARE !
GETTING READY TO
GAIL FOR MORE KEN
Is Belief.
i
(Fiy Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5. War and1
I
ip
m
mm
LINCOLN'S PERSISTENCE
Abraham Lincoln exemplified
practical value of persistence.
Determine to achieve good financial
results by regular bank deposits.
Start an account with us.
4 r INTEREST PAID ON TIME
DEPOSITS
There was no change in the situa
tion at the war department far as
:irt':ii-i' iii.lii-At.ioii.4 wi-ut. Dcmohiiiaz- .
The secretary is particularly anv tiou ol national guauls rem.nems hr.me
lous to procure passage of the amend- fronl border service ha not been in.'
ments which would give the president irrupted nor Imve orders gone out to ;
authority to take over private navy speed up the return of other t;uard .
yards and munitions plants in time units. j
of stress and would give the navv d'- There are indications, however, that
partment elastic authority regarding Hit' question of ju.-t w hat sleps W.mld I
... . follow a declaration of war or a hostile ;
construction of submarines, aircraft . . . ,, . , , 1
. - , , . act arc belli:; caretully weighed. I
and other type of defense warships., ... , ... , . .' , . ... ,, ,
K I 1 he most probable course ol the aa-
The army bill amendment removi-:; ni.istraUoili , tlu. u.,v of lllunv ot-.
all limit to the number of members of ,i,.i.,is, would be to summon a ol
tlie general staff, who may be brought untfer force of half a million men and '
to Washington would replace a pro allow the decision as to passing to
vision in tlie present law under whicli universal senie. sjstem to await the
not more than f.O per cent of them response to that cali. The war !e-.
may be stationed here. .pi.rUnent has at hand a sf.-ly of the.
The bill appropriates S2W.00O.O..U. s,,;ps, l,,'"8arjr l" ! r ,.MK a,
. volunteer iirniv, niiide at the time tile
Among other things it appropriated 8itllatln n ,,. Mf.xirHn ,,.ini(.r was
$2,500,000 for training ramps at Platts- ..,,... N h(.iiees volunieerj
hurg and rlsewJiere; $in,iMio,oiin tor .s,rvie,. .supply a
field artillery ammunition; $4.2"r.(:0 size the an.iy general
E Ai'. --rr
With Money
rh.it s the way wealth has been gained ever since the
world started.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is making money for you with the four per cent
interest which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT
GROW!
Citizens Bank & Trust Company
Main Street Bltbca, Arizona
Will E. McKee, President ' C. A. McDonald. Caahiar.
O. VV. Wolf, Assistant Cashier.
proximately $9,000,000 for aviation.
force of tl-
staff has re-'
for officers' reserve corps, and ap- pratedly declared adequate for tie- ,
ienso of the country. Various bureau:. ' J
I of Loth the war and navy departuu Ms v
,are lavns plans .for swift ;u lion I
shouid a war emergency come. See-j
retary Uakcr'said a gcnerotis response!
tj the national need was coining from
the "business
s i y
and persounel of the
country.
T.iltle ImhtMin of moi.ionl aside Ifim
i.lie usual bDniliardini-ni.s and sniiill al
l:ieks is iu pi'iurcss n any ot rh,. bat
tle fronts. The (iermaus and i;u..si.-i!is
in the Kit a sector have come to Slips
This rig fund, iu short, is to be used as .in educational n,,Hr Kalnacm and rreideri- hstadt. n
fund. To safeguard its (.pcnriiturc. Mrs. fa't has ap-:boih thc.se sciors the ;erinaus who
pointed a National Suflrage Couiuiission. to serve with-! ,r- ",c "I,,!iivt"; w, r" l""1"'11-
i accmuing to I'elrograd.
out pay and direct the linaneing or a propaganda rccog- 0 u,n jin). , i-ranro surprise at-
niicing no political parti.sauship and no ctionalism. i ta-ks at various points have netted
This Is the wisest way. All that is needed, for the 1,10 ErUisb. Trench and (iermans
biuail trench elements.
success ol tlie subrage cau.se. is more education. .Jla.'j Tho IlritlBll on a (ront 0f li.'.ti yards. I.org 'will
THREE SHIPS LEAVE CALVES
TON FOR GERMAN WAR ZONE
OAM'KSTON. I'elv .V -fb.ree .-hin.i
h'lt iie port of tialvrt i.n today t )
pass liiroiii,h liei'many's nrw war zone
to rc.-'.ch i li'-i r diMiti;,iiois and an
other -v i ti tit part io:n,riu.
The :lti: It .'.amcr lb !.'.-p .sailed
lor lielio i i.i Ni ifi.lk lor lJrukei.i
wit!i a cirgo of lottcn. The Norwe
gian bark Aloyeii sailed for Aarh'ts
with a ra.'ju of eoltoil ;-eed cake, and
the lani.-h bark liste sailed for Aai-
iniilar ari;o.
V
i
it
Have you made it yet? It's important
to your family and to you.
Consult with us to-day before you
fciget it, or it is too late.
Remember, we can be of real service
to you in the making of your will.
voters need to be informed regarding the value of worn- have captured Turkish positions vj a
en' co-operation in government, and womeu'need to be l,""lh m ;,r'-' at ,!,,! J""'li"' "
the llai ami Tigris rivers near Kut el
informed regarding their .w.i public rights and d.-tic. Al,,.ir:a ., ininrv(i i.axy casual. i. s
It'b a mattiT of gcitim; connnuuiiie.-i readv tor universal on the Mloiii.ins. lie- nioiilli ol tie-
fcUfl'roce. And as last as thrv be. omc read v for it, thev Hj; l l,rr !'L;,1,C Ki'L ""v i:;
, by i he Pritii h ai ofliee to be uudei
ed.-p !' JlJ"!ai"--.u,!v :-: fu.i, ti t sialic. . - ... ... . r,-" s- -,-
The American tank steamer Pen-1
nanl. laden with a valuable carco of
kerosene I and rasoiim- will .ail
ni'.Ttow for ln'iioii iiircc-!, at nr.'iiu'
t :'. I... Katnp.. ol New Yotk. vi
prci-idcu' el the Pierce Navigation
l . .Ll?.ili.
A
I
t
t
X
x
X
i THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, MONDAY IwNING, FEBRUARY 1917.
FIVE
1
4
V
Clifton Mallory & Company
In the Great American Play
6STf
te lest
Orpheum Theatre
Wednesday, February 7
PRICES
Lower Floor 50c and 75c
Balcony . 35c
Gallery : .25c
Seats now on sale at Orpheum Box Office
1 S. ACTION SPELLS DOOM TO
GERMANY. HEAD 0 1A
(By Review Leased Wire)
PETROGKAD, Fel 5. (via Lon
don) "The end 'of the war now is in
sight," Michael Vrodzianko, president
of the Duma said today io the Asso
ciated Press.
"In welcoming America's decisive
step," he continued, "I am not only
speaking for myself, but expressing
, the attitude of the allies, whose repre
sentatives discussed with me at yes
terday's reception by the Duma the
rupture of German-American relations.
I feel that an American declaration of
war on Germany must, follow, and in
that case the Scandinavian countries
and Holland would undoubtedly fol
low the lead of the United States, re
sulting in the complete isolation of
Germany and her allies from the rest
of the world. This undoubtedly would
end the war.
i, "The breaking off of diplomatic r
'laL'jns with Germany by the greatest
iieutral, whose patience has been sev
erely tried, will have a most depress
ing effect on the cenirai powers. Not
pver-estimating America's military
'strength, but with her fleet and the
I available merchant tonnage she can
be of invaluable assistance to the al
lies, while Germany will be cut off
Trom further supplied, to the point of
complete exhaustion,
j "Frankly, we, as a nation, did not
,! approve 'of President Wilson's first
' message. It was too capable of being
interpreted as intervention more favor
able lo Germany than to ourscjves.
i But this last measure of the United
I States government sounds the knell
; of German ambitions. History will
! justly appraise President Wilson s
, stand."
f nnl ftV WS COLD WAVE NIPS
rnuiiour numuA
RODEO MAN IN. '
Willi Boyle, Uianaser of the Li
A. Brown company at Rodeo, was a
visitor in Eisbee yesterday for sev
eral hours.
TUCSON MAN VISITS.
W. M. Breckenridge, chief claim
agent Tor the Southern Pacific at Tuc
son, arrived in Eisbee yesterday and
leaves this morning for his office in
the Old Pueblo.
UNDELIVERED MESSAGES.
Mrs. J. E. Hopkins, O. D. Piper, Mrs.
Etfiel Eddie. Joe Lillirid, Gordon
ittuith, Mrs. Inez McKinncy, Mrs.
Louise Taylor, Wez spencer, Mrs. R.
P. Anderson, Detlaw Uolktr, Mrs.
Frauk A. Curtis, Mrs. A. A. Embree.
MANAGER RETURNS.
W. H. Brophy, general manager of
the Phelps, Dodge Mercantile compa
ny, returned t Bisbee last evening
from a trip of inspection to Tyrone,
New Mexico.
SPEED
combined with good
judgment counts in
business now-a-days.
Grape-Nuts
' Food
supplies balanced nour
ishment for sturdy
muscles and active
brains.
THERE'S A REASON
No change in pricr, qualify
i' i.
Vegetation In Louisiana Also
Is Reported Damaged Very
Greatly.
(By Review Leased Wire.) '
ATLANTA, Ga.. Feb. 5. A cold
wave during the past 4S hours has
made heavy inroads on the winter
fruit and vegetable crop in the south
ern producing belt.
The citrus fields as far as middle
Florida were severely damaged, ac
cording to reports received here, and
the year's production of Irish pota
toes and tomatoes viittially wiped out
in all the state except the southern
tip. Vegetation in Louisiana also suf
fered heavily.
One message from a Florida grow
er received tonight by an Atlanta com
mission house said thai in seventeen
years no such crop damage had been
wrought in the Florida fields. It de
clared all vegetation to well south in
the peninsula had been irozen. Other
reports, however, indicated that much
of the state's cabbage, celery and let
tuce crops may be saved.
The temperature touched 43 at
Tampa early today and -ti at Jack
sonville. Elsewhere throughout the
s;utn unusual Pacings were reported
One negro was frozen to death ut
Chattanooga, and one at Chester, P.
C. In many cities the poor sulfered
greatly from tiie unaccustomed rold.
At Agusta. Ga., the damage to plumb
ing from frozen steam pipes was es
timated at $."i.00i. At Koanoakc, Va..
the public schools were suspended be
cause of the cold. The thermometer
dropped to one degree below zero.
STAR AT THE ROYAL
."The Social Secretary," Trian
gle Offering, at the Royal
' Theater Today.
: 'The siocpil Sctrct;i.", w H Norma
Talniadte. a l ine Arts Triangle !""
duct.'in. is the feature bill at the
iRoyal theatre this afternoon and even
ins. Study the combination of Triangle-Fine
Arts and Norma Talmadgv
can hardly help hut to draw and to
please.
This feature is a story of modern
society and Includes some exceptional
si enes. aided by a cast oC actors nit
pi.siii by fore in tie (o'ln'ry. on
.!! wji'do Mils OlVring i;; one of the
Ui'. .'. .-'.-1 v.- u a;..
BOOZE SHIPPED AS
LOoKIUATINU OIL, IS
CHARGE AGAINST 3
Naco "Customs Brokers Are
Taken Into Custody by De
puty United States Marshal
McDonald.
3 AMERICANS SHOT
NEAR NACOZARI BY
MYSTERIOUS MEXICAN
I
Bert Whitehead, manager of the
Three Naco customs brokers were
arrested Saturday by Deputy United
States Marshal James McDonald on
charges of having conspired to volate
Section 240, of the revised statutes of
the United States, a measure that pro
hibits the shipment of liquor Improp
erly labelled. The three brokers,
Bonorand Brothers and A. G. Cass,
were arraigned before Judge Taylor,
United States commissioner here, and
released on $500 L'Jiid each. Their
preliminary hearing will be held Fri
day. McDonald charges that the men
handled liquor shipments, labelled
"lubricating oil," consigned by El
Paso dealers to Cananea residijits.
Several other arrests for similar of
fenses were made about a week ago
at Naco. The rigid anti-liquor iaws
laid down in Sonora d- Gen. P. fc.
Calles have caused much "hardship"
among many of the Mexicans wl.V
like their little booze once in a while
and many methods are being resorted
to in attempts to get booze past tha
watchful Mexican customs guards at
the border ports.
' -v ' .. ".'-.V-'...,
TP
j branch store of the Moctezuma Cop
I per company at I'ilares, and A. S.
Kier, timekeeper for tiie company
there, were shot Saturday afternoon
in the store by a Mexican who is said
to have been drunk or actuated by an
insane desire t'j ' get a gringo."
According to repoits received in i
Douglas yesterday afternoon White- j
head was sitting at his desk in the
store w hen the Mexican shot him. As !
Kier ran out to get medical aid, the
Mexican shot him also through the
leg, but the wound is not believed to .
be serious.
X. D. Wadswoi th, NaiAizari agent j
for the International Commission com
pany, is reported to have been shot j
Friday afternoon, presumably by the
same Mexican. Details of the affair '
available yesterday were meagre. Con-1
siderable excitement is said to have
been caused in Douglas and Cananea
by the shooting. The Mexican gun- '
wielder is reported t be under ar-1
rest at Nacozan and is believed to
be insane.
r
v t ' '- ... .
Charlie
I
enn
s 0 si.
4 "Wi-
Iii 1833 the
l'enu Factory as a iitlic country s tore
iu Virginia
Xf0
"THE COSSACK WHIP"
IS FEATURE AT EAGLE
Vioia Dana, dainty little star of
Edison's live-part lealure "The Cos-1
sack Whip." scheduled for screening
at the Eagle theatre tVxlay. was cele
brated as a dancing soubrctte before
the Edison management persuaded her
to desert the footlights for the camera.
This training stands her in good stead
in this latest film success, as the lead-1
ing role demanded an actress of emo-
tional power who could dance the j
most difficult Russian figures. In "The I
Cossack Whip" Miss Dana plays the :
part or a peasant girl v.L'j bacomes
the favorite dancer of the famous
"Bullet Ilusse," the czar's troupe of
imperial entertainers. Life behind the
scenes in the great theatres of Lon
don, Paris and Petrograd is vividly
portrayed, as well as the less brilliant
but equally dramatic life in the peas
ant cottages and Cos-sack camps.
Tiie photodrama vas staged from
James Oppenheict's gripping story of
Russian revoiuiVott and is described as
building up through mighty scenes to
a climax of unusual power. Xo ex
pense was spared in staging the pro
duction, which is said to measure up
to the standard set by the most popu
lar features of the Kleine-Edison-
Selig-Esbanay Service.
BERNSTORFF WILL
SAIL FOR GERMANY
WEEK FROM TODAY
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHIXGTOX, Feb. 5. One week
from tomorrow the whole corps of
German officials in the United States, j
including Count and Countess von I
Bernstorff, the embassy suite, and con- 1
suls from all parts of the country, will
sail from Xew York for Germany. i
Reservations for more than J00 per- j
sons have been engaged on the big I
Scandinavian liner Frederick VIII, j1
leaving Xew York February 13 for :
Chfistiania. Final arrangements will !
be completed tomorrow with officials j
of the company. Meanwhile former
German consuls throughout the conn- j
try, having turned their consulates !
owr to caretakers to be eventually
reopened under the direction of Swiss
officials, will start for Xew York in
time to be on hand when the ship i
goes 'out. i
Safe conducts have been requested j
by the state department of both
Groat Britain and France for passage '
through the allied IWockade and no
is felt that they will be at-
nr. !.it I i:r in:; 1.
pert of The A;-:c.-:i au
Tolisrc-i Ciin'pj:: a:ul
a famous uu;"urUy on
liwin t.dmi:cu
For four coneralifjii.-? of family and nearly a
coiiti-rv of time, the PENNS have ixiunu
fuclured chewing tobacco.
The enormous jnwvih of thePeim business is
evidence of the skill of the Penns as tobacco
manufacturers and of the superior quality of
The choice-1 leaves of the famous Kentuckv
vvhite hurley tobacco are selected for Penn's
Ibick stemmed, flavored and pressed into
thick juicy plugs. THY A 10c CUT TODAY.
c It s ::i mellow as a June apple and as sweet as a nut.'
ARIZONA SEEKS CUT
IN RAILWAY RATES
FROM POINTS EAST
doubt
corded.
250,000 LOYAL IRISH.
"The unswerving loyalty of 2S0.OOO
Iliberians in any conflict that might
arise between this and any nation in
the world." was pledged to President
Wilson by Joseph McLaughlin, na
tional president of the Ancient Order
of Iliberians in America.
-
!f Pc.Vs T:c'i cv-s ..st .-attsi'y ysu
(I.'y Review Incased Wire).
PHOENIX. Feb. 5. An effort to se
cure a decrease in passenger rales
from points east of the Missouri river
to southwestern states, to correspond
with tiiej;ates to California, Montana,
Idaho and the Dalcotas, will be made
by the Arizona corporation commis
sion at a hearing bfeore Special lCx
a miner Brown of the interstate com
merce commission to be held in this
city February 9. If the commission
is successful, the saving to travelers
will aggregate more than $1,000,000
annually it is estimated.
SEVEN OF SHACKLETON
EXPLORERS ARE RESCUED
WELLINGTON. N. Z., Feb. 5 (via
London) Seven survivors of the
Shackelton Antartic expedition who
were stranded on Elephant Island,
have been rescued by the relief steam
er Aurora, which arrived at Cape
Evans on January l"th.
HALF APE AND HALF
MAN AT THE CENTRAL
Congo, Relic of a Wild Tribe
. In Africa, to Appear at the
Central In Lowell.
if
liillrlljU III
MOTHER! YOUR CHILD
IS CROSS, FEVERISH,
FROM CONSTIPATION
If tongue is coated, breath bad,
stomach sour, clean
liver and bowels.
Give "California Spip of Figs" at
'Jln-e a t''asp(nful today olten saves
a sick child tomorrow.
If your little one is out-of-sort.i, half
sick, isn't resting, eating and acting
naturally look. Mother! see if tongue
is coated. This is a sure sign that its
little stomach, liver and bowels are
clogged with waste. WIipii cross, irri
table, levrrish. st'uiiach miir, broil h
bad or lias stomach aci diarrhoea,
sore throat, full of cold, give a ta
spoonlul of California Syrup of Fus,"
and in a frw hours all the conslipao-d
j.i:;.in, undi-ostrd fend and sour bib
g'Mitly inors out- of its little bowls
without grilling, and ti have a 'l!,
playing child again.
Mothers can nst easy a Hit givin-;
this harmless "fruit laxative." hecause
it never fails Jo cleanse the little one's
liver and bowels and sweeten the
stomach and they dearly lme' its
pleasant taste. Full direction:; for
babies, children of all ages and for
grown-ups printed on each bottle.
riewar of cn'iiiterfi'it tig syrups.
Ask votir driiL-ist for a HO rent bottle
of "( 'alil'-n.ia vvT ip if Fis;" I'm-n ;
see that it is made by the " 'alil'irnia
: ..iJ,t I' Vwd:'.'' (.!'. -; :. a.)-u i
FREDDIE WELSH RULED
OFF RING FOR "STALLING"
MILWAl'KEE. Feb. 5. Freddie ;
Welsh, lightweight championship box-'
er, today was suspended from parti-1
cipating in bouts in Wisconsin for one i
year, the maximum punishment under i
the state law l'jr alleged "shamming ;
and stalling" in his rece.it bout with ;
liiihie Mitchell.
UGH! ACID STOMACH,
I Congo, half ape and half man, im
ported from the wildest part of Africa,
I w ill be the feature of tonight's enter
tainment at the Central theatre, Ijw
ell. In addition four reels of feature
pictures, show ing the antics of Napo
; letm. the educated chimpanzee, and
his ( oiio'ort. will also be on the bill,
j This vaudeville act is one of the
best ever booked in the Wairen Dis
trict. Congo,, iu himself, is a show.
He is a correct representative of one
of tne most remote tribes in Central j
Africa, having been brought to this
country tor sl.'jw purposes some years
ago. He appears in native costume
ami offers his own dances, songs and
conversation. I
CITIZENS AT BOSTON;
BADLY WRECKED
(F.y Iteview Leased Wire.)
POSTON. Feb. C On thK the first
court day since the diplomatic break
with Germany, there was a rush of
German citizens to announce their in
tention to obtain American citizen
ship. Twenty meu. most of them for
mer members of the crews of German
vessels tied up in this pott, fought to
qualify for naturalization papers.
The applications of all but one were
accepted. This man said he would
have to tliirk over the question of
renouncing the sovereignty of the
German emperor.
(By Review Leased Wire?
HONOLl'Ll". Feb. 5. (Passed by
censor) Machinery and some of the
boilers of the German gunboat Geier
interned here were found wrecked
and fire tiam.'.ged today when naval
and customs inspectors inspected the
. ciaft.
l' niied States naval detachments
, took charge of officers and crew of
the Geier and the German steamer
Iiocksun and turned them over to the
I army for internment.
The G.'icr caught
yesterday.
tire in her berth
SOURNESS, HEARTBURN, JAPS GLAD TO SEE .
GAS OR INDIGESTION U. S.-GER.M AN BREAK i
The moment 'Tape's Diapep- American Aid Will Soon
sin" reaches the stomach Make End of War Assured, j
all rlistress o-om. . TViv fvav i
- j
(I'.y Review Leased Wire).
Do some foods you cat hit buck
taste good, but work badly; ferment
into stubborn lumps and cause a sick,
sour, gassy stomach? Now. Mr. or
Mrs. Dyspeptic, jot this down: Pape's
Diapcpsin digests everything, leaving
li'jthing to sour and upset you. There
never was auything so safely quirk, so
certainly effective. No difference how
TOKIO. Feb. 5.
relations between
and Germany has
Impression here.
The severance :'
the Fnited States
caused a profound'
The foreign ollicv
it?
3
.'i
tr,:
o .;-
sLgUxqi's vholkr.ov?-.
The comfort and heenreness of tin?
expectant motlier Is essential to tne' .
welfare of the future child. In exer- S y
cisic cauthm be .riiiilcd br the exirrL '
en-e of hundreds w!io have found in
'.Mother's Fri-r.d' a way to eliminate
rere sufor!:)? and insure your owi
f.rovery. It is r:i:!y applied and it. Iiiilnene ovtr
1 l'gnrtients is sih. thing and beneficial. Het
ten 1 fir the free book ca Jlother-
ft.
n ra;M ' t j
N !::V.;v:',;:uo..l. A M :
!v;""-,'---i3 'i !" I'
u;i
L.-'l'"t.T (V,
has expressed satisfaction at the ac
tion of President Wilson, declaring
Ihat it was the only logical ttcp. a!
badly your stomach is disordered you : number of Americans have offered I
will get happy relief in live minutes, i tn,.ir .S4.rvjrts l0 their countrv. 1
but what plcuses you most is that it, Tu. Yl)kollllIlla Mo(k all(1 5i!k 4.XJ
strengthens and regulates your stom- , , , . i
, ., r , i i-lianges have suspended their sessions ;
aeli so Mm call i at jour favorite loods I
without fear laftir heavy declines. I'.rohcrs learj
Most reme.lies give tm relief some iuterniptioit of siliv exports lo ihe j
times-they are slow, but it'll sure. I'tiiled Stales. ,
'Tape's Diapepsin" is quick, positive j T' e American eul.is.- y aed cons'i '
and puts your slomacb iu h liealtliy t;lt,.:, UII. (li.:coiiiiiiuei tle-ir nprc
condition :,o de misery won't coiy.-J j,, lf ,;,.,., )ly jM j;) ,,..,. j
back. i
You feel diOercnl as soon as "Pijie'sj
Diapepsin" comes in ciuitait with the
slVmach distress just vanishes your i
stomach gets sweet, no gases, no belch
ing. no eructations of undigested food
vour head clears and you feel line, , '
'I lie m-w; papers wcliohle Hie rup
ture, declaring that if war comes the
I'nited States will be of immciuc
l i.il aid to tile c iiteiile
collapse of Germany
I ii? i if.'! I :i iii I li i:il
.lid hasten Hi
io now. make the best Investment
you ever made, by getting a large
Pity-cent case of Pape's Diapepsin
from ti'iy drug store. You realize in
five minutes how needless it Is i'
s ifler from indigestion, dyspepsia or
any stouim It di-order.
A l..-il;-:.t
I
Ask Art
j He Knows
Lowe
ewelry
Shop
1
NATH ANSON & 3I.RCEU.US
i.i vp jus! mcivcil ti new assiitlim nl of
latest d?s.c;ns in
A
W'r
ll.p
di.unondtj. wrtclics and
jewelry. Expert watch
and jewelry repairing.
All work guaranteed.
We strive to please.
. --vi ;
Main St.
Lowell.
4"
V
V SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 6,. 1917.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
XF.W YORK. Feb. 5. F:ir from
rousing dismay or oven hesitation,
the break in relations between the
Vnited States and Germany was
made the occasion of a further ad-
vnnce in storks today.
Frominent STieoinlt it s, particularly
those embracing tlie so-railed
w ar
proun. made substantial pains. tteth
1 hem Rieel fold stor k) rising 13 al
though tiie new si nek yb-Mod four
concerns which have been the most
conspicuous in the war booms of I be
pasi two years were substantially bet
ter, a few Fiiiiiiny at. their, best as
much as five to ten points. V. S.
Steel occupied its customary com
mnndins nosition throughout the day
on a tots I turnover of about 20,000
shares. Kindred issues were three to
four "fdnts better with six each'for
Ciilf Siates and Nova Scotia. Metals
were in steady demand. Anaconda.
T'tah and Cranby rising 4 to 8
points, with 4 for l'.utte ii Superior.
Of all the representative issues,
rails alone were consistently irregu
lar, pains in some transcontinental
and grangers rjinir offset by losses in
other shares of the same character.
Xew Haven a the new low record of
"9 and nrooklyn Transit's decline of
7 Is points were attributed to specific
causes. Total sales of storks 1.243,
000 shares.
New niirimums for United King
doms and Paris 6's and weakness in
local tractions made for an irregular
bond market. Total sales of bonds.
par value, $4,630,000. V. S. Honda tin
changed on call.
CHICAGO GRAINS
CHICAGO. Feb. 5. Wheat rose
sharnly today after wavering until
the last hour. A notable decrease in
the I'niied States visible supply to
tal did a rood ileal to I'ft prices. The
market closed strong, 1 to net
with May at 1.74 to 1.74'i and July
at 1.40 to 1.4914. Other leading sta
ples likewise scored pains corn 2 to
2?n. oats "k at 1 to Hi and provisions
27 at 30 to 1.27.
At first the chief characteristic of
the wheat trade was nervousness and
lack of volume. Recent fluctuations
apparently had been too violent for all
but the hardiest of speculators with
ample financial backing. Visible sup
ply figures showed that the aggregate
readily available stock in this coun
try had shrunk to nearly 18,500,000
bushels less than was the case a year
ago. ,
Word of continued rapid forwarding
of suppliesto the entente allies
seemed to give decided impetus to the
upward tendency of the wheat market
as the end of the session approached.
The rise, though was largely confined
tf the., May delivery. May closed at
tp 'topmost7 point reached, about 30
rnts up from the lowest figures of
ffcitufday. v Corn was strong from the
start. .were, influenced by the
same condition as corn, but were,
less active,
- New high record quotations oh hogs
rfnrried provisions sharply upgrade.
Pork led the advance, and at one time
showed a jump of $1.72 a barrel' as
compared with the close on Saturday.
METALS MARKET
NEV YORK. Feb. 5. Lead 750
Spelter not quoted. Copper nominal,
electrolytic 2!V at 22V'.. Bar silver
76-;
fBy L. J. Overlock.) '
NEW YORK," Feb. 5. There is this
much to be considered, if one enter
tains the view that after a severance
of diplomatic relations with Germany
large preparations along military and
naval lines will be made by our gov
ernment and that is that many Amer
ican industrial corporations will be
favored by large orders with conse
quent large earnings. Therefore ad
vance may later fin be justified and
in our opinion the day may not be
far off when purchase for cash or tor
investment purposes of the best class
of industrial and other good dividend
paying stocks will be in order.
LOGAN & BRYAN".
NEW YORK.
Anaconda 75"-i
Aniericpi! Can 4:!V-
American Car 633
American Locomotive ; 70
MUSTEROLE QUICK
RELIEF!JjOBLISTER!
It Soothes and Relieves Like a
Mustard Plaster Without
the Burn or Siin
Mil- rrd? p -! an. a'.i.i' .,inmc
n;i.i( -Yil'i ih- ,jl el' i:r:s(ar.l. It d c all
the ."ik .t riie olil-iashi'incd nui.-tirc
- Inc. it bitter r.ud Ar net M
'r. nil ec r:it li;nv to I .he: ui
lei.ii S ! ieniii; r',i! :l .n --tiii v
t'C pain is gur.c:
1
il.-cti'rs and nurse- .-. Mn tir
li- ami rccmiiH-ml it to
t'nir ii tliiit:-
rhe will gladly tell ym v.ha; relief it
jiives from sore tfin at. Iin.neliitis. crwp
:-lifi neck, atiuu3. neuml','ia. oon;;?stiiti.
pleurisy, rheumatism, lumbago, paint
feet, colds of the chest (it ottcn pre
vents oneumonia).
LEASED WIRE
! Ann rirnn Smelter .
j American Sugar ...
j Atchison
I I'alti'iiore & Ohio .
! Haldwin
9!
10f,'.4
102i
"C'n
51
Ilptlilfhom Steel 410
Chesapeake & Ohio
all's
' Colorado Fuel & Iron 44
Canadian
rafilio
Crucible
Distillers
Frie
Goodrich
00 ii
23
5 1.
J or,
General Motors
Industrial Alcohol 124T
Marine
Marine Tfd ".'4
Maxwell ' -"2
Midvale 534
Mexican Petroleum SS1;
New York Central 55
Northern Pacific 1"3
Pennsylvania 544
Heading 92 "i
Republic Steel 7fi:i
Rubber '"'
Studebaker 1C0'
Steel 107"
Steel Pfd llSi
St. Paul S3'ii
Southern Pacific 92"i
Union Pacific 124
United Fruit 139
Westinghouse 30'i
BOSTON.
Adventure 314
Alaska
Arizona Commercial
Allouez r-
American zinc
Unite & Superior 44
Calumet & Arizona TSVi
Calumet & Heda 540
Copper Range Cl'i
Chino
Hast P.utte 13!i
Granby 82
Green Cananea 42'i
Goldfield 73
Hancock 16
Indiana 2'4
Inspiration S3 "4
Kennecott 44
Keweenaw ?,
Lake 13
La Salle 34
Miami 37
Mohawk
Mayflower . . .
Nevada
North Bdtte .
Vinissing
Old Dominion
Osceola
Pond Cref'k ..
"'ncv
SO
2
212
8
59
83
19',
88
Ray Consolidated 2316
Superior Boston 5
Tamarack 53
Utah Copper 109"H
Utah Consolidated 17
Winona 4
CURBS.
Arizona .
Arkansas &
Rig Ledge
Rig Jim . . .
4
1
17
17
l'i
IK
10
60
1
Rutte &
Calumet
London . . .
& Jerome
Cornelia
Renn
Dundee
Emma
Fortuna
Gadsden
Grand Island
Green Monster ....
Gold Reed
Howe Sound
Hercules
Hull
Inspiration Needles
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
40
1
l"s
Magma 46
Magma Chief ...
Miami
Monster Chief . . .
Pittsburg Jerome
Ray Hercules . . .
Santa Rita
Tom Reed
United Eastern ..
United Western .
30
516
1 90
4
03
Verde Extension 34',2
Verde Combination
Warren
Wolverine Arizona
OATMAN STOCKS.
(Py Collins & lire :;"rtnn.)
9
1
T.id. Ask.
Argo 04 .OS
Adams 07 .10
Arizona Rex ' .25
Arizona Tom Reed 05
Rig Jim 1.24 1.25
Ronndarv Cone 20 .30
Csrter Gold 04 .06
Pessenden 09 .13
Gold Reed JO
Gold Cliff .15
Ivanhoe 04 .06
Lucky Bov 11 .15
Verry Widow .10
Oatman Combination .13
Snnnyside .16
Tom Reed 1 90
I'nited Eastern 4 3r 4.60
United Northern 07
United Western 03 .06
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 2.62
Green Monster 1.42 l.r.O
Rutte London .22 .23
Dundee 1.62 1.75
Venture Hill .17
Pitts-Jerome 50 1.00
Jerome Verde 1.50 1.62
Arkansas Arizona 35 .50
Jerome Portland .50
Hull Copner 40 .45
Mnema Chief 62 .75
Wolv.-Arizona 1.55
Miami Mother Lode .50 j
Verde Combination 73 1.00
Miami Consolidated . .
I'.isbee Coi'r
rtiitie Arizona
Louisiana Atizolia ...
Santa Ctuz nisbie ...
Jerome Daisy
Warren
Nacoza ri Consolidated
1.00
9.00
GUARDS RUSH TO ,
TUGKERTON WIRELESS
Repair Work Is Rushed on I The American ambassador in Cer-
Ten Battleships at PhllarJel-! my. ' -ndo.i hi passports
, . r pnd is making preparations to leave
Pia. I P.erlin and plans are afoot for the
" I German ambassador and his retinue
P.y Review Leased Wire) ,0 (1,ipart for (jenr.nny next wee.
PHILADELPHIA. Feb. 3 A squad , '
or eight marines, commanded by a! P.ATON ROX'GE, La.. Feb. 5. The
corporal from the Philadelphia navy Standard Oil Company of Louisiana
yard, early tonight left for Tucker- "" dismissed a" unnaturalized Ger
ton. New Jersey, to guard the German,"""1 -'' employed at its large re-
yard said this action was taken on
orders from the navy department at
Washington. NF.WPORT NEWS. Va.. Feb. 3. ,
Feverish activity on the ten battle- As a precautionary measure all Ger
ships of the Atlantic reserve fleet at j mans who have not become natural
the navy yard began today upon re- ized citizens of the United States are
ceipt of orders from Secretary Daniels being laid off by the Newport News
that the fleet be prepared for imme- shipbuilding and Dry dock Company,
diate service. Steps were taken toA,"M" measure to protect the yard,
bring the complements of each vessel 1 "petiaily th? battleship Mississippi, J
.,n m -nr r.; .i ! recently launched, have been taken. ,
" " ' " awwi.it.. ..III. . f 1 11 1 1 ' I V
whatever repairs are necessary. The
fleet, which is commanded by Captain
John Hood, is expected to be in read
iness by tomorrow.
The guard of armed marines patrol
ling the piers where the interned Ger
man auxilliary cruisers Prinz Eitcl
Fn'ederich and Kronprinz Wilhelm are
moored was increased, today and the;
friends of the interned
sailors on
honnl were refiwcl n.imiitnn ti.nt
yard, as were all other visitors.
battleships North Dakota and Kansas
sliifted the positionti in the navy yard
nasin to within TiO yards or the in
terned ships.
All the employes of the government
arsenals here were compelled to show
Identification cards on entering the
plant today.
CALLED PRETTIEST
TYPIST IN ENGLAND
f 4i -1 I
Vi.'-JKJJV
Ljt Art? rj
luidy Rosamond Butler. v
Lady Rosamond IJutlei. the eldest
riautrl.ter of the 1ur and C'uintes"-
Carrick. is ca leii the prettiest
typist in England She is working
lot the covcrnment.
The Calumet Baking Powder Co.,
housewives of this city why Calirme
Chicago in 1907, and at Pans, Fran
wife, crew managers for the compa
:v .'V-.., - v'"
I p lit' i V-lft.V-. ;..M'l. i.
m wMhMk'Mxl -'J filter $
l-h f) rf ri V t Pi m
R. u c o c 1 r
r
-
L
75, (By Review Leased Wire)
Ad vires from Manila say that the
42 twenty three German vessels in Phil
ippine waters have ueen seizeu tty
American naval officers at the re
quest of the customs authorities wlio
considerifl as wanton nml lawless
the attempts of the German crews to
destroy vessels in Philippine harbors.
nnery near nere ami nas put an arm
ed guard of thirty-five inm about the
plaut.
HOBOKEN. N. J., Feb. 5. Men of
German blood composing the Hobok
n Independent Schuwetzen Corps
took steps today to make their loyal
ty to the United States and their
skill as marksmen immediately avail
able to the government.
NEW YORK. Feb." 3. The United
' States Rubber Company, which con-
l',B the resources of 47 factories and
a ft rv V nf lnAA i1iin tilt .Ana nnil let
I onl.l s KA n,A 1n(PAL4 ' Kltlr.uK IllOP li
. , . . . , , . . .,
laeii.ii'i in int.- wiiiiu, nun iiitti ru
manufacturing and distributing re
sources at the service of the govern
ment, it was announced tonight.
PHILADELPHIA. Frb. 5 Alba P.
Johnson, president of the Baldwin lo
comotive Works, announced that he
bad advised the war department that
the company's plant, includfhg the
Standard Steel Works, were at the
disposal of the government.
An unusually large number of Ger
man and Austrian applicants for nat
uralization papers, attributed to the
severance of diplomatic relations, ap
peared at the federal court here to
day. U. S. WATCH AUSTRIAN SHIPS.
HOUSTON. Tex.. Feb. 5. United
j Slates custom officials today placed a
I guard over the .Austrian steamers
; Marowitz and Camphagnia, interned
here. The ships are valued at $2,000,-
000.
SOUTH BEHIND WOODROW
CHARLESTON. W. Va.. Feb. 5.
The West Virginia legislature today
endorsed the action of President Wil
son in severing diplomatic relations
with Germany.
THE DAILY REVIEW
WANT ADS BRING
RESULTS
of Chicago, has its advertising ere
t received the highest awards at th
ce, in 1912.. The crew is under the
ny.
LATEW R
OFFICES:
Bisbee
Douglas
Clobe
Jerome
Prescott
Phoenix
P. O. BOX 279
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
AND
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
"DAMAGED GOODS"
CLOSES ENGAGEMENT
IN BISBEE TONIGHT
t Lorch Company, Which Has
Appeared Here Since Last
Week, Closes Its Stay at the
Orpheum Theater Tonight.
"Damaged Goods," one of the great
est plays ever offered to the Ameri
can public and witnessed here In mo
tion pictures on one occasion, will 'be
seen this evening at the Orpheum
Theatre. The Lorch Company will
close its engagement in Bisbee with
this bill.
Last evening "The Blindness of
Virtue" was offered and though heavy
was fairly well given. The constant
preaching of the piece, however, got
on the nerves. It would appear that
the Iirch company's repetoire is
limited to heavy dramatic offerings,
which are not at all times thoroughly
pleasing for its it good to laugh.
THE GERMAN PRESS.
The Staats Zeitung Sunday will
print an editorial signed by Bernrri;
H. Ridder in which he says:
"The President has spoken. He has
spoken for the country, for all the
people.
"Regret as we may the trend of
events, it now behooves every Ameri
can to stand souarcly behind th
DELAWARE BACKS WILSON
DOVER. Del., Feb. 5. The Dela
ware legislature today endorsed the
action of President Wilson in sever
ing diplomatic relations with Germa
ny. w in Bisbee demonstrating to the good
e World's Pure Food Exposition at
management of M. S. Decker and
Oatman
Stocks
Direct Wire Connection with
Jerome and All Our Offices.
R. ALLYN LEWIS
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL. BISBEE.
JOHN A. CAMPBELL. Manager.
BONDS, STOCKS, INVESTMENTS
Orders Executed for Cash or on Proper Margin
E. F. Hutton & Co. 'a Private41
Leased Wire to AM Exchange
An Important
Statement
regarding the development of the Great Ray Copper
Company's property, by Arthur L. Flagg, the Com
pany's engineer, will be published shortly.
Great Ray stock is now selling at 50 cents per share.
Leave subscriptions with,
J. OVERLOCK, and
Bisbee.
DUTCH OIL SHIP IS I
FIRED ON AND SUNK
(By Review Leased V.'ire)
j LONDON. Feb. 5 The admiralty
reporting that the Dutch steamer Gar.i
' ma. hound from New York for Am
sterdam with a carw of oil cake for
the Netherlands government, was
fired UDon by a German submarine
and subsequently sunk by bombs,
adds:
"It will be interesting to learn what
distortions of international law the
German government will employ to
iustifv this act. The Gamma was a
neutral proceeding fron one neutral
port to another and carrying a cargo ,
consigned to the government of the
count ry."
PENNSYLVANIA NVAL
MILITIA RUSHES TO COLORS
PHILADELPHIA. Feb. 5. Orders
were received here by telephone from
Washington tonight instructing mem
bers of the naval militia to "prepare
for action" with the expectation of
going into service Saturday night.
Two divisions are already organized
and the officers fvcre instructed to
form as many divisions of "full
strength" as possible.
LADIES CAK WEAR SHOES
One ftize smaller aftc? ain; .Ainu's Foot-La
the autUcptie powder fur tae fi-vt. StuiiL-n into
the ehoo and fprir.kleci in the fvt-ha!h, Al!en'
FootK-iM? m.Vi;i- tihi or ih-w i:cw - tYvl ey ;
give i neurit tvlwf ; err m. i bi"i;o!, prewiits
BlfUT-, i'ti t Ai4-.i Nt;fT i : rrtr..:-c
iMmfiri .' r-v : ' '. '! rr ' '.
DRESS WARM AND -KEEP
FEET DRY
Tells Rheumatism Sufferers
to Take Salts and Get Rid
of Uric Acid.
Rheumatism is no respecter of ase.
sex. color or rank. If not the most
dangerous of human afflictions it is
one of the nftst painful. Those sub
ject to rheumatism should eat less j
meat, dress as warmly as possible, I
avUld any undue exposure and. ab oxe
all. drink lots of pure water.
Rheumatism is caused by ttric acid
which Is fteneiated in the bowels and
absorbed into the blood. It is the func
tion of the kidneys to filter; this acid
from the bfjod and cast it out in the
urine; the pores of tlie skin are also
a means of freein? the blood of this
Impurity. In damp and chilly, cold
weather the skin pores are closed thus
forcing the kidneys to do double work.
they become weak anil sluggish and
fail to eliminate this uric acid which
. keeps accumulating and circulating
through the system, eventually set-
tling in the joints and muscles caus
I ing stiffness, soreness and pain called
rheumatism.
At the first twinge of rheumatism
get from any pharmacy about four
ounces of Jad Salts; put a taHe
spoonful in a glass of water and drink
before breakfast earn morning for a
week. This is said to eliminate uric
acid by stimulating the kidneys to
normal action, thus ridding the blood
I ''of these impurities.
Jad Salts is inexpensive, harmless
and is made from the acid of grapes
1 nnd lemon juice, combined with lithia
and Is used with cxrrll'-nt results by
i thousands of folks who are subject tn
'rheumatism. Here you have a pirns
ant, effervescent lithia-water drink
which .overcomes uric acid and is
I beneficial to your kidneys as well.
(Adertisement)
CORRESPONDENT
E. F. Hulton & Co.
Members New York
Stock Exchange
TELEPHONE
135
SMITH & MACGREGOR,
Lowell, Arizona.
Did You?
Ask Art
i
JUAREZ FEARS ATTACK.
JUAREZ. Feb. 5. Rumors of an at
tack up'jn the garrison hi re by Villa
forces within a week were renewed
here tonight, following the actual
withdrawal of General rershing'j
troops from Mexico. Ocboa was re
ported near Juarez with a small force
j of men yesterday. Jose Inez Salazar
was reported between Charcos and
("asas Grandes tonight, the (e facto
garrison at Casas Grandes having
evacuated, according to unofficial re
ports here.
DRIVHS
OUT
$ COLDS
Emm
Catarrh Cannot Be Cured
with I.OCAT APri.KWTlONS. aa th. y
annot reach tli seat f th 'Iiaw. Ca
tarrh 1 Moo or constitutional disease,
and In ork-r to cm- it yoti niui t.tke in
ternal reiulie. Hall's 4'uJarru Cur
tal-tn iiitrrnafly. and a-tH ihrtH'tly ttp- n
th blood ami murou surfat-.. Hail'-
Catarrh Tare i: not a quark nK-.tic:r.. I;
was prescribftl by one f th bst pby
aniaiuH in this country for years and W
a regular presfrription. It in nniposni of
the bvt tiuiii known, conibim-tl with the
hffit Wood purifira. artin iir-tlv on toe
nuicoim Burfnces. The ptrfi ii.mhin.i
lion of the two lnrrMir.ts is what pr
Onre surh vnndrf.il result tn cunn
Mtarrh. Send for t.tlmoniais. free.
K J. I'UKNKV & CO . Props.. Toledo. O.
ol4 hy Lnruicciatii. (.Hf TV.
Taka liall' family f'llla for constipation.
KEEP LOOKING YOUNG
It's Easy If You Know Dr.
Edwards' Olive Tablets
The secret of keeping yDtiris; Is to
feel young to do tliis )u must watch
vour liver and bowels there' no ntvd
of having a sallow compk-xiun dark
rings tinder your eyes pim;do- a bil
ious li'ok in your fuce lull eyes with
no ?parkle. Vour doctor will tell y'a
ninety per cent of all sickness comes
from inactive bowels and liver.
Dr. l-.dw.irds. a well-known phvsician
iu ... i ..i.i."
, wih o)jve t at f n
, ;he livrr aI)(1 boWLt; ttt;ici, j,0 savc ia
' t,;s Patjotits for vears.
Dr. hdwards Olive 1 ablet.', tlie ?tt
stitute lor calomel, are Reu!e in t!uir
action, yet always effective. Tl.ey brir.j
about that exuberance of sr;r:t. !:at
natural buoyancy which shot-Id he en
joyed by everyone, by toivrvr i:t t!ie liver
and clearing the sytc;:t of i:'V"TU i .
'o.l v;!l know !r. i .Kvarv'-' Olive
Table:.- I'V tlieir .l!ve oolor. l?c a;:a
25c per box. All diu'isli.
NOSE CLOGGED FROM t
A COLD OR CATARRH j
Apply Cream in Nostrils To
Open l"p Air Passages.
i
Ah! What relict: Vour closed nos
trils open riijht up. th." air palaces of
your head are clear and ou can
breathe freely. No more hawking,
smiling, mucous discharge, headache,
dryness no struggling for breath at
night, your cold br catarrh is gone.
Ion't stay stuffed up! Get a small
bottle of Ely's Cream Iialm from your
druggist now. Apply a little of this
fragrant, antiseptic cream in your nos
trils, let it penetrate through ee;y
air passage of the head; soothe and
heal the swollen, i:. flamed mucous
membrane, gh ing you Instant reli f.
Ely's Cream Baku is just what every
cold and catarrh sufferer has been
seeking. It's just splendid. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 6, 1917.
SEVEN
I
!
Y
-f
Review Want Ads
dvertlsenients under thwa iead
, with a. minimum charm of 25
ev-i.w office not ter than i p. m. for
Wanted
WANTED Chicken wire, furniture,
poultry. Box 1397. 140
WANTED When wanting help or
wanting employment call up 526.
385
WANTED Capable dress maker to
teach trade to young lady. Phone
653. 28
WANTED An experienced dishwash
er, no other need apply.-' Warner
Hotel. 156
WANTED A contractor to build a
cement block bungalow. Wilbur
McLean, Crescent Hotel. 187
WANT to rent one room or small
cabin for batching, furnished or un
furnished. C. H. R-, care Review.
125
WANTED Lady housekeeper, also
help tend store, good home and
good wages. Inquire Home Indus
try Furniture Store, opposite Bank
of Lowell. 390
WANTED Old false teeth, don't mat
' ter if broken. I pay $1 to 5 per
set. Mail to L. Mazer, 2007 S.Fifth
St., Philadelphia, Pa. Will send
cash by return mail. 139
1
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms.
- 6fntana St., Johnson addition.
140
FOR RENT Six room house in War
ren, vacant February 15. A. J.
Fairclaugh. 99
FOR RENT Furnished batching
rooms, 14 Tate Hill, Johnson Addi
tion. 1S2
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms,
nice location. Apply 142 Duebeck
er Cauyou. ISO
FOR RENT A large, neat, well-fur-1
nlshed room, suitable for one or
two gentlemen. 10 Garden Hill,
near B. I. Ice Plant 144
(
FOR RENT Furnished room, pri-j
vate family, close in. 31 Clawson :
ave., opposite High School. 106
FOR RENT Rooms furnished for
housekeeping, 189 Temby Ave., one
block north high school. 200 '
FOR RENT 2 nicely furnished house
keeping rooms, 120 Upper Lowell.
1 198 I
FOR RENT Two large well furnish-!
ed housekeeping rooms, electric j
lights and water in house, HOD
Voungblood Hill. 179
FOR RENT Furnished room, house
keeping privileges. Apply after five
p. m., 123 Quarry Canyon. 189
FOR RENT Furnished room for one
I
or two gentlemen, 97C Voungblood J
Hill.
199
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
L. B. VyHITNEY. Lawyer, Rooms C-6
Allen Block, Open evenings. Phone
647. (109)
Contractor and builder. W. F. White.
Phone Green 468. 21 O. K. Street.
27 j
THE MOOSE HOTEL (Old Kinney
House) Furnished rooms $2 per
week and up. with gas; also light
housekeeping rooms. J78
FIRST-CLASS painting or paper hang
ing by day work or contract.- H.
Johnson & Co., phone Blue 764.
I'osloffice box 1715. 107
P. J. McCullough, contractor. Phone
20. Box 934. Excavating, retain-
; ing walls, concrete houses, wells
and mining work is my specialty.
221
REOPENING of old Mason black
smith shop. Horse - shoeing, buggy
work and automobile spring welding
a specialty. Call and see me, I will
treat you right. J. L. Strayick.
. Prop. j06
PETEY DINK He Couldn't
! fiDo wkEourJ- S-tJns owuy
.-- VOrNv i E A HUMORED A
: -Sfe 7 toJ OK-1 MOCU ,T J V AWD SEMEVlTv - )
t tbe rate of 1 cent per word for each
cents. Advertise-tents must reach The
Insertion in ie next moraine paper
FOUND
FOUND Purse containing valuable
jewelry, owner can have by calling
at tbe city marshal's office and
proving property. $61
LOST
LOST Diamond sunburst. Return to
Mr. Emil Marks receive liberal re
ward. 108
For Sale.
FOR SALE New dining room set.
12 Garden Hill, Lowell. 146
FOR SALE One Sterling piano, In
quire Arizona Grocery Store. 52
FOR SALE Piano. $150, $10 cash. $6
per month: no interest. W. Muir
(next Wells Fargo). 109
FOR SALE Singer sewing machine
and cook stove. John Charon,
Tombstone Canyon, opposite Bar
nuin stop. 149
CONCRETE block house. Warren;
four rooms, bath,' two closets, pan
try, two porches, 20x20 garage,
$700 cash, balance like rent. Write
L. E. M., box 1815, Bisbee, Ariz. 79 ;
FOR SALE 29 assorted good reading
books also few carpenter tools. In
quire Room 6 Annex Victoria rooms
186
FOR SALE One six-room frame and
concrete bouse, 68 Opera drive, suit
able for. boarding bouse, $1,600;
$1,000 cash, balance monthly. - Milo
Rafaelovicb. " ' 131
FOR SALE One 4-room house, large
lot, good well, 14 , peach ' trees, on
level; off road; "no hill' to climb;
small payment don. See Ben
Scott, Wood Canyon. -.' 110
FOR SALE Lots on Win wood Add.
An ideal location '. for- - families'.
Terms $?0.00 down and $10.00 a
j month." Mrs. . Winwood, Winwood
i Add. ' . . v - '
184
FOR SALE 2 lots in Salt Lake City,
utah. good location close, in, will
accept Ford auto as 'part payment
bclance monthly payments. For
particulars inquire F. J. Keogh, old
Mason shop, Lowell. 377
FOR SALE Two months old Aire
dale puppies from my winning dog
big ton and dark eye and every
inch a terrier. If ypu v.-nl a good
one this is yo'ir chance. R. A.
Gray, 1040 E. McDowell. Phoenix,
Ariz. 109
FURNITURE FOR SALE The John
son Addition Furniture Co. wants
to pay yon the highest cash prices
for your second hand furniture. Al
so wants to trade or exchange yon
, new furniture for your old. We will
.. ncii yuu luruiiurv uueayer 1112m
anybody on easy payments. Call
sell you furniture cheaper than
In at the big brick building at the
Johnson Addition and let us show
you our large and selected stock of
house furnishings, or phone ns at
onr store. Phone 3S5. Johnson Ad
dition. Miscellaneous
if the party who took the plaid robe
from the automobile in front of Y.
. C. A. Monday evening will return
same to this office he will receive
$5 and no queatipns asked. 316
Learn actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A., Los Angeles. Cat
alogs free. 955
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for all
kinds of work in our line. Pat Clea
ry. manager Box 1495. Phone 720.
FOR SALE Highest cash prices paid
for second hand furniture, stoves,
clothing and tools. Uncle Jim's,
Brewery Gulch. 21 .
High grade portraits, up to date
frames. E. Bushong, Bailey Hotel,
Box 2149. 281 j
Do Anything About It if He Would.
, T WO GERMAN SHIPS
SEIZEDAT SEATTLE
Federal Officials Find Engines
On Saxonia Are Damaged.
SEATTLE. Feb. 6 The Hamburg
American freight steamer Saxonia,
4,500 tons, and the German ship Stein
bent. 2,000 tons, which have been in
terned in Eagle Harbor here since
the beginning of the European war, ,
were taken in charge today by feder
al custom officials. The officers and
sailors on me snips were arresieu.tne 2.,nd day of january A. D. 1917,
under the provision of the Immigra- at 10;00 0.ttock . ,., as provided by
tlon law forbidding aliens to enter j jaw
the United States without permission
They are in custody at the immigra
tion station.
Customs officers charge that last
night Captain Franz Pelfer and the
twelve members of the crew of the
Saxonia bored the cylinder heads of
the engines and removed and threw
overboard parts of machinery.
NOTICE TO BIDDERS
Notice is hereby given that sealed
bids for the printing of fifty copies of
J the ordinances of the City of Bisbee,
in book form, according to the speci
fications in the office of the City
Clerk, will be received by the Com
mon Council of said city; said bids
must be filed in the office of the City
Clerk by 5 p. m. of Monday, the 19th
day of February, 1917.
Said ordi-
nance books to be well bound in cloth
and to be well' stitched. The body of
ordinances in said books to be printed
In 8 point Roman type on a 12 point
slug, width of slugs to be 21 Ems; or
dinance numbers and captions to be
set in not less than 11 point,- nor
more than 12 point, bold face caps;
pages to be 6 inches in width by 9
inches in length, size of type page to
be 21x39 Ems; paper used must be
0 pound enameled- book.
Bids shall be made at so much per
page, which said bids shall include fif
ty copies of said ordinances bound
complete; pages to be numbered and
oook to be indexed.
Said ordinance books to be com
peted and delivered to the City of
Bisbee within thirty days after deliv
ery of copy to the successful li:ti(ier.
Bids will be opened at 7 p. in., on
the 20th day of February. 1917, and
the Common Council will then and !
there award the contract to the low -
est .responsible bidder; the Common
Council reserves the rislit to reject
any; and all bids, and all work done
under such awarded contract thall te
subject to the approval cf the Co.i'.
mon Council.
(Signed) . j;. L. BUTLiiB,
City Clerk.
Advertisement. 191
A PROCLAMATION BY THE GOV- of its own capj;ai st0ck and that of
ERNOR OF ARIZONA. , other corporations, and to cancel and
Executive Department, State of ( reissue shares of its own capital
' Arizona. stock; to issue bonds, notes, deben-
In conformity with Paragraph 32S;5, I tures and other evidence of indebted
Title XIX, Civil Code; Revised Stat- 1 ness and to secure the payment of the
utes of Arizona. 1913. I, Thomas E. j same by mortgage deed of trust or
Campbell. Governor of Arizona, W 1
virtue of the authority in nt vested
by law, do hereby proclaim Wednes
day, February 14th, 1917, as a legal
holiday, the same being the filth an
niversary of the admission of Arizona
into the Union of States.
And I do earnestly lecommend that,
in commemoration cf this day, a" citi
zens shall unite iu cxercues which
shall be appropriate. Arizona is just
pnfartnp thp mnKt nrnsneroii.-- etmeh I
in her history and it is but fitting that !
. r .i u: .-i i :
honor the natal day of tbeir State,
that their children, and the stranger
.. v : iv:. ......... ....... hn ....... :..a
.iu.u urn, w ... ,.
with pride, loyally and devotion for j
v. . 1 ..l : l .i : ; i
"rr ..u
ual growth in the sisterhood of the
United Mates. j or thitiR for the use and purposes of
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I havcjs.,m f orporati0n. in payment for
hereunto set my hand and caused the I ni,.n Bliares 0f the capital stock of
Great Seal of the State of Arizona to , 3ajd Corporation may be issued, and
be affixed. , 'the capital stock so issued shall
Done at Phoenix, the Capital, this thereupon and thereby become and be
31st day of January, 1917. j fully paid up and nOn-assessable for-
(Seal) 1 ever, and in the absence of actual
THOMAS E. CAMPBELL, i fraud in the transaction the judgment
Governor of Arizona, j -jf the Directors as to the value of the
Attest: i property purchased shall be conclu
SIDNEY P. OSISORN. j sive. ,
Secretary of State. ! Article V. The time of the com
Advertisement. ! mencemenf of this Corporation shall
LtliAL NOTICES
STATE OF ARIZONA
Office of tht
Arizona Corporation Commission
United States of America.)
) ss.
State of Arizona )
The Arizona Corporation Commis
sion does hereby certity that me an
nexed is a true a ml complete tran
script of the
ARTICLES OK INCORPORATION
OF
GOLDEN CROWN MINING, MILLING
AND SMELTING COMPANY
which were filed in the office of said
Arjzona CorI..jration Commission on
IX TESTIMONY WHEREOF, The
Arizona Corporation Commis
sion, by its Chairman, has here
unto set its hand and affixed
(Seal) it3 Official Seal. Done at the
City of Ph'jenix, the Capital,
this 22nd day of January A.
D. 1917.
Arizona Corporation Commission.
F. A. JONES.
Attest: Chairman.
W. X. SANGSTER.
Secretary,
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE
PRESENTS, That we, the undersign
ed, have this day associated ourselves
together for the purpose of forming
a corporation under and pursuant to
the Laws of the State of Arizona, and
for that purpose do hereby adopt arti
cles of Incorporation as follows:
Article 1. The name of this Cor
poration shall be the GOLDEN
CROWN MINING. MILLING AND
SMELTING COMPANY.
Article II. The principal place of
business of the Corporation within the
State of Arizona, shall be in the Here
ford Mining District in Cochise Coun
ty, and the principal place of transact
ing business outside of the State of
Arizona shall be at Chicago. Illinois,
and such 'other places as the i?oard
of Directors may determine, where
meetings of Directors may be hrl-.I
and all business transacted.
Article III. The General nature of
the business proposed, to be transact
ed is to make contracts, to purchase,
lease, option, locate or otherwise ac
quire, own, exchange, sell jr other
wise dispose of, pledge, mortgage,
hypothecate and dtal in mines, mining
claims, mineral lands, coal lands, oil
!ian,is, timber lands, real and personal
'estate, water, water rights and to v.'jrk.
j explore, operate and develop the same
J and to extract any and all minerals
(thereof; to purchase, lease or jther-
, wie acquire, erect, own, operate or
!sell smelting and ore reduction works.
bii riliawritj. si mills and power
plants: to do a general real estate,
manufacturing and mercantile busi
ness; to own. handle and control let
ters patents and inventions and shares
otherwise; to act as agent, trustee,
broker, or in any other fiduciary cap
acity; to. borrow and loan money, and
in general to do and perform suc h
ai ts and things and transact such
business, not inconsistent with law, in
any part of the world as the Board
of Directors may deem to the ad ant
age of the corporation.
Article IV. The authorized amount
of capital stock of this corporation
shall be One Million (H.OOO.OOO.tiO)
,,ollars- dvWI into
shares of the par value
One Million
par value "ji one foliar
($1.00) each. At such time as the
Roard of Directors may by resolution
direct, said capital stuck shall be
j(, Cori,oraljon ,,j,her in
h fc , , d trans.r to ,t
-
of rea, or p).rsonHi property, contracts.
services Or any other valuable riht
t '.r
be the date of the filing of a certified
copy of these articles Of Incorpora
tion in the office of the Corporation
I omnitssion of Arizona and the ter-
t initiation tiien-of shall be twenty-five
Jyeurs tlierealter. with the privilege of
renewal as pro nieu uy law.
Article VI. The affairs of this Cor
poration shall be conducted by a
Board of Directors, and such officers
as the Directors may elect or appoint,
and the following named shall consti
tute the Board of Directors until their
successors are elected and have quali
fied: MAX RITTER VON BAl'M
KIRC1INER, FRANK PESKA, JAMES
CARNEY, ROBERT WALKER, and
CORA VON BAUMKIRCHNER. There
after the LOard of Directors shall be
elected from among the stockholders
at the annual Stockholders' meeting
to be held on the First day of March
of each year. The names of the of
ficers who shall have charge of the
Corporation aflairs are: MAX RIT
TER VON BAUMKIRCHNER, Presi
dent. CORA VON BAUMKIRCHNER,
Treasurer, and FRANK TESKA, Sec
retary.
Article VII. The LOard of Direc
I tors shall have power to adopt am!
amend By-Laws for the government of
I the corporation, to fill vacancies tc
jcurring in the Board from any cause,
and to appoint an Executive Commit
tee and vest said committee with such
powers as they may determine.
Article VIII. The highest amount
of indebtedness or liability, direct or
.siiiH:if'ont tt n-hirh this rnrnoratr.in
, , - r
! shall be subject at any one time shall
be Ten Thousand ($10,000.00) Dollars.
I Article IX. The private property
jof the Stockholders and officers of
this Corporation shall be exempt from
i all corporate debts Of any kind what
' soever.
' Article X. The names, residences
j and post office addresses of the cor
porators are:
I MAX R. V. BAUMKIRCHNER, Resi
ldnce Iluachtica Mountains Hereford,
j Arizona. FRANK PESKA, Office, 1409.
' Ashland Block. 1S5 N. Clark St., Resi-
dence, 1539 N. Hamlin Ave., Chicago,
111.
I IN WITNESS WHEREOF, We have
! hereunto set our hands and seals this
l'th dav of January A. D. 1917.
MAX R. V. HAUMKIIlCHXER (S-al)
' FRANK PESKA (Seal)
! State of Illinois.)
! )ss.
; Count v of Cook )
j Before me. CALVIN M. GEORGE, a
: notary punli in and for the State and
! County atoresai.1 on this day person
ally appeared MAX R. V. BAUM-
KIRCH NER and FRANK PESKA,
known to me to be the persons hoso
j names ae Bubucrihed to the forego
' ing instrument, anil acknowledged to
I me that .hey executed the same for
) the purpose and ' consideration there
in expressed.
Given under my hand and seal at
my office this lr.th day of January A.
D. 1917.
CALVIN M. GEORGE.
(Notarial Seal) Notary Public.
My commission expires the 18th day
of September, 1318.
Filed in the office of the Ari
zona Commiss.On this 2-iid day ol
Jan. A. D. 1917 at 10:00 A. M. at
request of FRANK PESKA, whose
post office address is 1409 Ashland
Block, Chicago. Illinois.
Arizona Corporation Commission.
By F. A. JONES. -Chairman.
NOTICE OF INTENTION TO SELL
STOCK OF LUMBER.
Notice is hereby given, of the in
tention Of the undersigned to s.dl unto
I Gibson-HInes Lumber Company, a
lorpoiaiion. all of their stock of lum
ber at No. 160 Main Street. Tonib-
I stone Canyon, between what is Known
as the Higgius and Laundry Stops on
the car line of the Warren Company
'on said Main Street lOr the considera
' tion of $2,r.ro.r.l. on the loth day of
! February. 1917. for cash.
Dated at BUbec, Arizona, February
!l, 1917.
! HOWARD G. WORTHINCTON
j WILLARD T. WORTHINGTON
! PERRY T. WORTHINGTON.
i State of Arizona )
) ss. .
County of Cochise )
This instrument was acknowledged
before me this 1st day of February.
1917, by Howard G. Worthlngton. Wil
lard T. WorthitiiuOu, ami Perry T.
Worthington.
I ED'. J. FLANEGAN.
! (Seal) Notary Public.
(My comuiissiou expires Feb. 20,
1920.)
-T-i.'T tiU7 iOC'H. 'MV.A
S!M?i.t: LITTLE. ThK!6V UKK
:,,M"tts t-i3iuE Cost a
S!01?EX AVtO FlFTy
V
COJCV5 .'
V)Wfr-Lk&i "ft--"i tfH'i.-f 'sr
..Lodge
WEEK ENDING FEBRUARY 10.
Monday First degree.
Thursday Chapter regular
Friday
Saturday.
C. BLEDSOE, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. & A. M.
A. M. COLWELL. E. II. P.
C. F. PH1LBROOK, T. I. M.
J. E. FRY, E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secy. Chapter &
Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secy. CounciL
LUUUE NO. 67.
Regular meeting Urst and thlro
Friday of each month. Visiting broth
era cordially Invited to attend.
CHARLES S EEAR Exalted Ruler
R B. COOVER Secretary.
B'SBEE LODGE NO. 10, I. O. O. F
Meets every
jf).''im'm'r Wednesdaj
yi -fcV evening at
r0 Odd Fellow
Hall, Main street at 7:00 p. m. Visit
ing brothers cordially Invited to at
tend. Hall phone 119.
CARL V. NELSON, N. G.
G. A. PLUNKETT. Secretary
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNiTED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADNO "HT.
L. O. L.
'a
its InL t
o. F. Hall se
ond and fourt;
Saturday a
7:30 p.m. Vi
t ng Brother
cordially In
rited to attend
GEO. SLEE
MAN. W. M
Secy., Box 42
ROB'T FERGUS.
Bisbee
RDcR UNITED
AMERICAN ME.CHA.NU.
Meet in AleJI.iov'io
uall. econd and four'
Tuesdays ac month
'isitm: orotr.ers w
eomi HOMER C. THEU
Ccuaeily W. A. CUNN1NGHA
Kecocuing si"
KNIGHTS t LADIES OF SECURITY.
BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every Thursday at Union
Hall, 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited.
Frederick J. Attaway, president;
E. Linquist, financier, box 3216, Low
ell; Inez McKinney, secretary". Low'
ell. Advertisement
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
of Cochise County, State of Arizona.
NOTICE OF HEARING PETITION.
In the matter of the Estate of Jo
seph July an. Deceased.
Notice is hereby given that James
H. Jones ank Mrs. Annie Waters have
filed in this Court a certain document
purporting to be the last Will and
Testament of Joseph Julyan, togethei
with their petition praying that said
document be admitted to probate in
this Court as the last Will aud Testa
ment of said Joseph Julynn who, said
petitioners allege, is deceased, and
that letters of administration with the
will annexed be issued to James H
Jones, and that same will be heard
on Saturday, the 17th day of Febru
ary, A. D. 1917, at 10:00 o'clock in the
forenoon of said day, at the court
room of said Court, in the Court
House, in the City of Tombstone,
County of Cochise, State of Arizona,
aud all persons interested in said es
tate are notified then and there to ap
r.er and show cause. If any they
have, why the prayer of said petition
ers should not be granted.
J. E. JAMES, Clerk.
C. L. ALLEN. Deputy Clerk.
Dated January 27th. 1917.
N.
I
I
I
- y y r; wr.,
hotices...
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rath bone Lodge No
Knights cf Pytc!
meet each Thursday
(except second) In Oda
Fellows Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting Brother
cordially tnvlu4
EARL SOBLEY, C. C.
3. C. KRIOBAUM, K. or ft. tt
t. r. &
FRATERNAL.
ROTHERHOOL
Bisbee Lodge No
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondayi
)tN -V f each month at
tGrtP? 7:30 at Odd Utl
"Tr lows' Hall Visit
st members cordially Invited
P.HIL. DAVIS, President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTL Treasurer
Box 722. Tel. 338, Red.
ATHERINE SALHOLM, Socreury
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
Meets every Friday uigh -, -! -.
isiting brothers, cordially uitli
J. V. PETTEY. Plctotw
KAY. ROSS. Sec.-eiar,
F O. E.
Bisbee Aerie i
F. O. E. meets Br
and third Monday
8 p. m.. Eag!e HalL
'isitors cordially welcome.
RICHARD DAViS, President
4. D. COHEN. Aerie Puyslclan.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SE
CURITY. Meetings will be held every Thurs
y at Union Hall at 7:3) p. m., de
inning February 1. Adveitiseraenu
S52
WOODMEN CIRC.
' Meets In Medigovlcn Hl ...
.tb Fridays of each mouth m
PAULINE F BROWN. Clerk
P. O. Box 3
lOUERN WOODMEN O AMERICA
Bisbee Camp Nc
13415. Meet first Tue
lay at Odd Fellow
Hall. R. L. MOTZ.
Consul
H. T. MATH EW SON.
Clerk
pythian; SISTERS
LMy Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
nd fourth Thursday evening of each
onth at Odd Fellows' Hall. Visiting
isters are cordially invited.
ANNA HART. M. E. C.
JEANET SWEENEY, M. of R. C.
WOODrEN OF THE WORLD
meet 1st and 3rd W 1
vrr nesaay at . v irop'iy
V. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
lall. All Woodmen invited.
I. O. R. M.
Meeta first and third
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m
n Modi gov icn Hall All
visiting Red Men livlteo
o attend.
JOHN KELLY, Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Jdkin Man.
F. C. FENDERSOf, ?. of R.
h
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
Pearl Chn-ter No t
meets to Vwilc Hall
second and fourth Tue
day of each nonU at 7:3f
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS.
Worthy Matron
Phone 2"0 P. O. Box S41. Bisbee.
MRS. JJESSE BEVAN. Sec"y P. O. Box
2299. Chairman Rellnf Com Pin M
By C A. Voight
tOOD -ME AVrUi 1
7ii i art f . T 7
V
- '
d m
1 HAVS 05 6oTo ft
i5rw NOT A Y,T , EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 0, 1917.
TONIGHT
OipheumT
neaure
The Lorch Company in the last, best and greatest play. A 'drama written from the
book of the same name.
"DAMAGED GOODS"
Written and dramatized by Mr. Bennett. '
The greatest and most educational play ever offered on the American stage.
A LESSON TO EVERYONE. PRICES THE SAME, NO ADVANCE, 35, 50, 75c.
TOMORROW NIGHT, THE CLIFTON MALLERY COMPANY IN
"THE TEST"
TRAFFIC VIOLATORS.
T. B. Colwell van lined ?.r. by Jud?o
Ttniiias in iiy iiiiirt yesterday for
driving hi:; liuirllili"'. wi'lll Ihc InlUll. T
will- p'ii. Will Gaft'iicy, who pleaded !
I car that was discharging passengers i
at the post ollicc corner, was lined I
7. '.it. Harry Mil. hell. charged Willi I
Imiiiu drunk. j hii(l $1"..
WILL SHIP BODY OF
UNFORTUNATE YOUTH
TO COLORADO HOME
Kind Hearted Women of Bis
Lee Contribute Generously
to Fund to Defray Trans
portation Cost
TAKEN TO TUCSON.
Jim" I u v is. one of tlit fastest lwn
on the trigger in I In- west and noted
in Oklahoma for his nerve, is now in
me l ima county jail awaiting trial Tne boiy of Archie Allen, a Col
on the charge of holding up ihe Golden or;ui0 yotn vho diP(j in ,nia city of
State limited at Apac he. last sum- j pneumonia several days ago. will be
mer. Hp. was brought liom Oklahoma
under heavy guard to I'reseott and
there V. S. Marshal Joe Dillon. Sher
iff Wilkey and Deputy Slieriff Warren
of Maricopa rounty, took possession
of the man and moved him to Phoe
nix.' was taken to Tin-son Sun
day morning. '
The Catholic ladies will give a lias-
GOES TO TOMBSTONE.
Secretary Billy Delbridse, of the
Warren District Commercial Club, was
In Tombstone yesterday.
FROM CALIFORNIA.
E. A. Tovrea, ?cal meat merchant,
is expected to return home soon from
Murietto Hot Springs, Calif.
TO COUNTY SEAT.
George K. Smith. Lowell broker.
! passed thi'ough Bisbee yesterday on
his way to and from Tombstone,
where he went on business.
LOWELL COUPLE WED.
Miss Marie Psenak and MikeLemieh.
of Lowell, were married at 11 o'clock
yesterday. 1 he ceremony was per
formed by Judge High in his office iu
ihis citv.
EAGLES DANCE
Wednesday, Feb. 7, McAleer Or
chestra. Dance 8:30. Gentlemen
$1.00. Advertisement. 1S1
BACK FROM COAST.
L. J. Overlock, local broker, re
turned from California yesterday
morning.
Morrow Chiropodist removes corns,
bunions, ingrowing nails without pain.
Instant relief, office 2 doors from city
park, Brewery Gulch. Adv. 254.
PERRY RETURNS.
F. J. Perry, of this city, returned to
his home Sunday night from Phoenix.
CITY BAKERY
will open Tuesday. Feb. 6, for busi
ness. Brewery Gulch.
Advertisement 1S3
Dance and card party Thursday
night at K. of C. hal! 150
Advertisement.
DANCE
At Miners Union Hall, Wednesday tel. Advertisement.
NEO-BEAUTY SHOP
Neo-Plastique Massage, manicuring
a specialty. Your patronage solicit
ed. Indies and gentlemen. Mrs. El
sie M. Sawyer, Room 16. Johnson Ho-
19G
night, Feb. 7, given by Musicians"
Ciub. Good music.
Advertisement
197
MINING MEN HERE.
J. J. Hurlburt and M. F. Tufts,
president and secretary, respectively,
of the Great Ray Copper company, re
turned to Bisbee yesterday from a
business visit to El Paso and Oklahoma.
j SPEEDER IS FINED.
I Harry Jordan was fined $10 by Judge
I M. C. High yesterday for exceeding
ahe speed limit. Jordan was arrested
Saturday on N'aco road by Motorcycle
Deputy Sheriff Jack Ryan.
A ear every dour, Bisbee to Doug
las. Good cars and careful drivers.
American Stage Liue. Phone 366.
Advertisement
K. C. DANCE
Dance and card party Thursday
night at K. of C. Hall. 150
Advertisement.
LOST
Round gold brooch with design on
same studded with pearls; lost be
tween English Kitchen and Philadcl- i
rhia Hotel, O. K. St. Anyone return
ing same to Room 12, Philadelphia
Hotel will be rewarded.
Advertisement 1S8
The Home of Real Reel Features
Continuous from 1 to 10.
The Triangle Fine Arts Presents NORMA TALMADGE
anil All Star Cast In
The Soda! Secretary
A Fine' Arts Production in Five Reels
The Triangle Keystone Presents
Edward Kennedy and All Star Cast In
"A SCOUNDREL'S TOLL"
A Sorrow Slammer in Two Reels
ADMISSION
Tickets Issued cn
- - 10 AND 15 CENTS
Coupons Accepted for Any
Performance.
COUNCIL MEETING.
The city council will hold its regu
lar meeting In the city hall tonight.
Mayor Adams is anxious that every
member attend as business of unusual
importance will be brought before the
body.
K. C. .DANCE
All Knights of Columbus, friends
and ladies cordially invited to attend
dance Thursday evening, February 8,
at K. of t Hall. There w ill be card
playing for those not wishing to
dance. Advertisement. 150
MEXICAN RUMORS.
I. JacObson, who returned from Can
anea Sunday, reported that shortly
after word was received in Cananea
of the diplomatic break between the
I'nited States and Germany, a rumor
was started that New York had been
captured by the Germans. The rumor
was generally believed among the
Mexicans, according to Jacobson.
shipped to the home of his parents
in Creede, Colo., this afternoon,
through the kindness .)f several wo
men and local miners.
Young Allen came here several
weeks ago in search of work in order
to hel nut his parents in Creed.
His rather has been an invalid for 2
-ars ii lid Mrs. Allen has supported
the familv alone until vonni; Allen be-
krt social and dance at the Knights icame old enough to work. The lad
of Columbus hall, Tuesday evening, ' attempted R get work in the mines
9 T Jlk
s a v m i i
I
WW'
mu a
1. 1
February 6, gentlemen r.Oc, ladies
free. Ladies please bring baskets.
Advertisement 151
METAL MAN METALING.
Hen Welch. Arizona representative
of the Western Metal company, sell
ing rust proof culverts, is a visitor in
the Warren District from his head
quarters in Phoenix. Welch declares
that conditions in Phoenix are ma
terially better than they have been
since 1912, when the land boom be
gan to wane.
Don't forget the Pythian Sisters
dance Thursday, Februaiy S. at S:30
at the Odd Fellows ha!!. Admission
$1. Good music. Adv. 101
HOLM IN CHICAGO.
Walter H'jIiii, who has been heard
from in Chicago, where he is busy in-
teresting capital in the Bisbee-Ajo
Copper Mining and Development com
pany, writes to a friend in Bisbee im
parting the information that it wa?
ten degrees below zero In that city
when he wrote. Holm declares he is
anxious to return to Bisbee and a
salubrious climate.
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE
Irwin Studio, Main Street. 857
Advertisement
$30 OVERCOATS FOR $20
Just a few more left. Miller's Shirt
& Hat Shop, Main St.
Advertisement. 309
Central Theatre
TONIGHT
TONIGHT
COMMENCING 5:30 P. M.
Congo, Af rica's Ape Like Cannibal Create
ALIVE
WELL
HAPPY
New Shows
THE JUNGLE'S QUEEREST JOKE
And
Five Reels of Jungle Pictures, Featuring
Napoleon and Sally
New Thrills
ADMISSION 1 5 AND 25 CENTS
New Comedies
Expert repairing on fine watches
and jewelry; diamond setting, engrav
ing and general repairing. Minton.
the postoffiee jeweler, Lowell.
Advertisement. 343
BILLIE ROBINSON BACK.
After vusiting his wife and famil
in San Francisco for a couple of weeks
William Robinson has returned to Bis
bee.
Do yon know that M. Curian, the
automobile painter, is back on the
job again. First class automobile,
carriage and wagon painting. Old Ma
son Building, Lowell.
DAMAGED BY FIRE.
Flames which spread from a can
tankerous coal oil stove yesterday
morning damaged the home of Tony
Petroskey, on Laundry Hill. The
flames were extinguished by the Tomb
stone Canyon fire company.
AH Knights of Columbus, friends
ind ladies cordially invited to attend
'lance Thursday evening, February 8,
it K. of ('. hall. There w ill be card
laying for those not wishing to dance.
Advertisement 150
FUNERAL THIS MORNING.
Funeral services for Joe Kingston,
14-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. W. H.
Kingston, of Warren, who died early
Sunday morning of pneumonia, will
be held at ten o'clock this morning
from the Catholic church. The Rev.
Father Mandin will officiate. Inter
ment at Eergrten will be in charge
of the Palace Cndertaking company
The father of the deceased is pay
master for the Copper Queen Consoli
dated Mining company. .
but. on account of his frail stature,
was rejected. While searching else
where for work he contracted pneu
monia. He had been living in
cabin but, on hearing of his case, the
Copper Queen hospital immediately
took him into that institution and
gave him every possible care. The
young patient s'-on died, however.
Several local women, hearing of the
circumstances the lad's parents were
in, took up a collection, to which many
uiners who had never even seen
Allen, contributed, and will bear the
expense of shipping ' the body to
the boy's home. The body is being
prepared for shipment at the Palace
Undertaking company.
VISITED FRIENDS.
Miss Lee Callahan was a visitor to
Fairbanks Sunday with friends, re
turning to Bisbee Sunday evening.
OWNS A HOTEL.
J. C. Mitchell has returned to Bis
bee from Sasco, Pima county, where
-e is interested in a hotel proposition.
Mitchell declares that the Sasco
smelter is running full blast and tnrn
'ng out a considerable amount of cop
ier matte every day.
ELECTED DIRECTOR.
Through an error in reporting the
innual meeting of the Y. W; C. A.
Friday, the name of Mrs. Bryan was
omitted as one of the newly elected
members of the board of directors.
Phe will hold office throughout 1917.
ILL OF PNEUMONIA.
Mrs. Ed Owens, O. K. Street, was
taken to the Copper Queen hospital
last night, dangerously ill of pneu-
'iionia, it is said.
XEW spring suitings now in. Mil
lard & Batemnn, Leading Tailors.
80
MRS. CAMPBELL DIES.
Mrs--. Kliza Campbell, aged 74 years,
'ied late Saturday night of pneumo
nia at her residence on Bailey Hill.
She had been ill but two days. She
is survived by four sons, all living
in this city, and two daughters living
in Greer County. Okla. Funeral ser
ices will be held at 1:30 o'clock this
afternoon from the Palace chapel.
The Rev. J. E. Fry will oOiciate.
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
STAGE LINE.
The original Tombstone stage leaver
laily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co. Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. 939
(Advertisement)
FRANK L. CURTIS IS
PNEUMONIA VICTIM
Frank L. Curtis, an emplQye of the
C. & A. and for 14 years a resident
of Bisbe, died, at his home on Bailey
Hill at 9:3f o'clock last night from
pneumonia. Mr. Curtiss had been ill
but a few days. He is survived by
a widow and three children living in
Bisbee, Fannie, Arthur and Ruth; his
mother, two brothers and one sister
living in Salt Lake City, and a sister
in Ocean Park. The body was taken
i'j the Palace . I'ndertaking establish
ment. Announcement of funeral serv
ices will be made later.
Are you making tne most of
our undermuslin sale ?
With the present upwarc tendency of cotton prices,
women should be eager to provide tor their needs for
months ahead, at these special prices. The assortments
continue large and fine, because we prepared properly
for this sale. -u
If you were unable to get here Monday, you'll do
well to come today.
We won't dwell at too great length on the desirability of the gar
ments offered. It is enough to say that they are equal to our regular
standard lines, because they have been selected with greatest care
and special attention tc the quality of fabrics of which the gar
ments are made, the manner in which they are put together and
the fineness of the laces and embroideries wnich daintily trim them.
In the ten lots combined you'll find COMBINATIONS. PRINCESS
SLIPS, PETTICOATS, DRAWERS, CORSET COVERS. GOWNS anu
ENVELOPE CHEMISES.
Special Values at
25c, 35c, 50c, 75c and up to $2.95
r
Undermuslins for Children
at Special Sale Prices
In the four lots combined youTl find children's
PETTICOATS, GOWNS, PRINCESS SLIPS,
DRAWERS and UNDERWA1STS.
For mothers who would avail themselres of unusual par
ings opportunities no better time or place could be chosen
the following prices will prevail until the preset lots are ex
hausted, but of course Jlie sooner you come the better the
choice will be.
The high character of workmanship is worthy of particular
mention, as this important essential is too frequently neglected
in children's garments selling at these little prices The gar
ments in this sale fill the demands of ft and quality to your
utmost satisfaction.
Special Sale Prices
10c-I5c-25c-35c-50c
V
I MHsWS
EXPECTED HOME.
Dr. George A. Bridge, of the Copper
Queen medical staff, is expected home
this morning from New York, where
he attended the funeral of his mother.
LAD'S FUNERAL HELD..
Funeral services were held yester
day afternoon for Brent Covington,
eisht-year-old son of R. O. Covington,
who died Sunday at his home on High
Road of abscess of the brain. The
Rev. F. M. Pitman officiated at the
services yesterday, which were held
it the Palace chapel.
BELGIAN RELIEF
SHIP TORPEDOED
IONDOX. Feb. 5. The Belgian re
lief steamer Lars Krnuse was sunk by
a torpedo or a mine near the Belgian
coast today. The vessel carried a
cargo of wheat from Buenos Aires.
The Lars Krause was a vessel of
1460 tons. She was under Danish
registry. She left Buenos Aires De
cember 28 for Rottterdam.
I
!
RETURNS TO WINTER HAVEN.
J. W. Lucas, manager of the Win
terhaven land project, in which a
number of Bisbee people are heavily
interested, left yesterday morning for
the California town in his automobile.
Lucas declares that a large number
of ranchers and farmers In that re
gion are planting cotton for the com
ing season.
schools of the Warren DistricL Tha
balance came from popular subscription.
ACKNOWLEDGES OFFERING.
M. Newman, of Bisbee, has received
a letter from Charles R. Crane, treas
urer of the American Committee for
Armenian and Syrian Relief, acknow
ledging the receipt of $36S.49 for the
benefit of this fund. Mr. Newman ex
plains that $67.05 was received from
the Union Thanksgiving offering and
$125 from the banks in the various
'A WOMAN'S VOCATION.
One of our modern writers has said.
"A woman is as efficient in business
as a man when she is."
The reason why sometimes he is
not so efficient is that her health may
fail But the wise business woman
i knows now what to do when attacked
1 by the ailments peculiar to the so
! called "weaker sex." That greates
i of all remedies for w'oman's ills, Lydia.
: E. l'inkham's Vegetable Compound,
' has been freeing women from such
! ailments for forty years. Try it if
I you suffer from such an ailment, ami
i insure your competency and efficiency
I in the business world,
j (Advertisement)
Ride on the American Stage Line,
Rlsheo to Douglas. Phone 366.
Dr. Playfatr. Osteopath, 98 Mason
Kill. Mason Hill car stop.
(Advertisement) ,
PANCHO VILLA NOMINATED.
Some kind friend or Francisco Villa,
residing in the Warren Distiict. mis
took his scrapie for a skirt, apparent
ly. For the notorious bandit was, on
Sunday, nominated in the Review's
circulation contest. His residence
was given "somewhere in Mexico."
Inasmuch as his residence is outside
ef Cochise county no consideration
could be given to the nomination by
the contest department. v
A REMINDER
How long since you sent a photo
of your self to your folks at home?
Pix Studio, Jakob Schmid Building.
Brewery Gulch. Adv. 3U9
STAR
Theatre
Formerly Lyric Theatre
TODAY
AN INTERCEPTED GIFT
Featuring Charles Gethardt
and Jerry Girard
The painted Anarchist-comedy,
featuring Sidney De
Gray
COMIC KARTOON
ADMISSION
Sc
e Theatre
The House of Comfort
Today only Matinee and Night
VIOLA DANA
"Broadway's Biggest Little Star" in Edison's
The Cossack Whip
offers you five reels of mighty scenes, building rapidly
and smoothly to a climax of smashing power.
"THE COSSACK WHIP''
was produced from that vivid story of life in bloody
Russia, twritten by James Oppenheim. In support of
Miss Dana are a number of your favorite screen players,
including Richard Tucker, Bob talker, Frank Farring
ton and Sally Crute.
MATINEE DAILY AT 1 P. M.
ADMISSION
10 and 15 Ctf.