MARKETS.
NEW YORK CITY
Average prive of cop
per for week ending
May 23, 28.75.
WEATHER.
Arizona Sunday and
Monday fair; not very
much change "n tem
perature. Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 19. NO. 303.
BIS EE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 27, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
SIX TO WNS
100 KILLED
. AS
mm
WRECKED
TORNADO
S WEEPS
ILLINOIS
76 PERSONS ARE KILLED
WHEN GERMAN AIRPLANES
SDUTHEASIENEL
Sky Scuad Flying High Over
- r .1 rc c
mg Ue&Ul Ot Scores Ot
rlace; Une rSomb Urops Un Baseball Meld And injures
Players; More Than 175 Injured As Missiles Explode
In City.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
A TOWN ON THE SOUTHEAST COAST OF ENGLAND,
via London, May 26. (1 1:55 p. m.) Women and chil
dren who had stood for hours in a long line in the busiest
street here waiting to purchase potatoes were the principal
victims of the German airplane raid last evening. Intent only
on not losing their places in the line, the women and children
had little waring of the raid and were easy victims of the air
vultures who dropped their deadly bombs indiscriminately.
The raid, which claimed the lives of 76 persons and caused
injury to 1 75 others, proved more deadly than any Zeppelins
have made on England since the war began.
Flying so high that they looked like a flock of ducks, the
raiders rained dozens of bombs on the busiest block of the
main thoroughfare which wa choked with shoppers of every
age.
Raiders Over City for Only Three Minutes
A correspondent of the Associated I comparatively slight. At one place
Pressvisited the destroyed district ! a baseball game was in progress
today. He found a grocery store that
bad collapsed and was' told by the
grocer, who lost two members of his
family, that ten dead persons were
found in the debris of the building. A
dozen more were killed and three
score or more were injured by flying
glass and bricks and shrapnel-like
fragments which were scattered for
cibly by the bursting shells.
Many persons lost their lives on a
narrow stair-like passageway between
two buildings on this street when a
bemb burst overhead, the concussion
killing them. All the victims in this
part of the town were struck down
within a radius of 200 yards.
Shoppers Are Victims
One of the -most striking results
was the small property damage here
compared with the heavy loss of life.
This is thought to have been due
to the facts that the bombs happened
to drop where large crowds of shop
pers, augmented by people attracted
to the potato sale, were gathered.
In the residential sections of thef
town fashionable homes were demol
ished but ofily one or two victims
were found In the ruins. The raiders
made a bee-line over the town, first
bombing the residential sections and
then pelting the shopping district as
they flew out to sea.
The casualty list for this town alone
was tonight placed at sixty dead and
130 injured. Large gangs of work
men continued to work into the night
on the huge piles of debris in thei
residential section where several per
sons are missing.
Baseball Game Bomb
The raiders spent less than three
minutes over this town. They came
from places farther inland which tfiey ;
had bombed freely. The loss of life
and property damnge in those places,
however, is reported to have been
NElfCENllrSECTIOirFOR
ESPIONAGE BILL IS AGREED
v'By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, May 26 Efforts of
the administration to secure enact
ment by congress of newspaper cen
sorship legislation assumed a new
and. in the belief of some officials.
a more complicated form today whenBome senators and representatives re
senate and house conferees agreed on
a new censorship section for the es
pionage bill.
As re-drafted, the conferee's action
provides for prohibition by congress
of the wilful publicstion of military
information usewul to the enemy,
with authority for the President only
to prescribe what Information of thei
specific classes may be excepted.
Trial Juries would be required to de
termine whether publication of such
City, Drops Huge Bombs, Deal
r A J r-LMJ 1 mr 1
Women And Uuldren in Market
when a bomb fell in the outfield.
Fragments of the bursting shell
wcunded the right and center fielders
so severely that they had to be taken
to a hospital.
POWDER MAGAZINE IN
OKLAHOMA EXPLODES;
RIOT CALLS FOLLOW
(By Review Leased Wire).
MUSKOGEE, Okla., May 27. This
city was shaken by a terrific explosion
at 11:03 o'clock tonight. Windows
were broken all over the city. Im
mediately five riot calls from scat
tered parts of the city were received
at police headquarters.
The explosion, the police said, was.
at the powder magazine of the Musko
gee Vitrified Brick plant at the north
ern outskirts of the city, where 10,000
pounds of dynamite was stored. The
riot alarms were given by people who
believed their homes were being
robbed.
WOMEN WILL CONDUCT
LIBERTY LOAN CAMPAIGN
(By Review Leased Wire).
NEW YORK, May 26. Adopting as
a campaign cry, "Who gives quickly
gives twice," 2,000,000 women enrolled
in the National League for Women's
Service will inaugurate a nation-wide
movement next Monday to "ptu over
the Liberty Loan. Beside selling the
bonds to as many women in the league
as can be induced to invest, orders for
the bonds wlil be received at the vari
ous headquarters of the league In forty
states. .
Information were wilful and whether
the information actually was of ben
efit to the enemy.
The conferees regarded the substi
tute as an extreme modification of
all previous censorship proposals, but
fused to accept that opinion. Presi
dent Wilson, the conferees said, bad
not been consulted regarding it.
Some opponents of previous censor
ship proposals said they would oppose
it vigorously.
The conferees agreed on several
other disputed sections of espionage
measure. Including those providing
for export embargoes extension of
the use of search warrants and pro
tection of foreign commece.
JUL ENTEKTE HOSPITAL SHIPS
ii
IN BARRED ZONE" TO BE
IS ANNOUNCEMENT OF
(By ReTiew Leased Wire)
LONDON, May 26 (7:05 p. ni.). The
intention of the German government
to sink all entente hospital ships in
. e enure arrea zone, wun me ex rnira, mat a representative or k
ception of certain ships from Salonikineutral government, representing Ger-
! the entire "barred zone," with the ex
to Gibraltar is officially announced in
Berlin, according- to a Reuter dis- try in question shall certify at the de
patch from Amsterdam. The German .parture of the hospital ship that she
announcement was made in reference ( carries "only the ill. wounded and
t British denials of the German al- nurses an dno goods other than mate1
legations that the British misused hos-' rials for treating them."
pital ships. It cited several instances I Sink Swtdish Ships,
which, it was asserted, proved thei LONDON, May 27 (4:50 a, m.). Six
correctness of the German accusa, Swedish steamers have been sunk
tion. The semi-official announce ( while on voyages from Sweden to Fin
ment read. In part: . jland, in the Baltic sea, says a Reuter
"The German government will in the 'dispatch from Stockholm. The steam
future prevent all traffic by hospital jers are the Kyros, Pauline, Kjell, The-
ships in the entire barred zone and in
the Mediterranean, including the roau
left open for Greece, and will regard
hospital ships appearing therein as war
vessels and attack them immediately."
Germany, the announcement sayb,
will allow the transport of the ill ana
wounded from Saloniki and Greek rail
ways to Kalamata Harbor and thence
on hospital ships to Gibraltar on the
following conditions:
"First, the ships on the road left
'open to Greek shipping must proceed
at a rate of speed previously reported
to the German government.
Vienna Describes Fighting On
Italian Front As Most Severe
' Austrian Army Has Yet Faced
VIENNA, May 26, via London, 7:59
p. m. Violent fighting continued Fri
day on the Julian front, says the of
ficial statement issued tonight by the
Xustro-Hungarian general hear quar
ters, and the Italians have not broken
through'the Austrian lines.. The fight
ing was heavy yesterday' between
Plava and Gorizia as well as on the J
Carso.
The statement reads:'
"The great battle in the southwest
continues. If the violence of the bat
tle on Wednesday and Thursday was
capable of increasing still more, this
happened yesterday. Never in the
two years of fighting just completed
has the heroic army had to face
greater efforts of the enemy than dur
ing these days. The battlefields were
$10 CERTIFICATES
WILL BE ISSUED FOR -SMALL
BOND OWNERS
(By Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON, M!ay 26. Federal
reserve banks throughout the coun
try are considering distribution of $10
particupating certificates, similar to
those already' used in New York, to
aid prospective purchasers pf small
bonds.
f Whatever action is taken will be by
the banks individually as fiscal agents
of the government and not by direc
tion although probably with the per
mission of the federal reserve board.
The treasury today inaugurated Its
policy of re-distributing among sub
scribing banks a portion of the pro
ceeds of treasury certificates of in
debtedness which will be extended to
distribution of proceeds of the Liberty
Loan when installments are paid. Of
the $200,000,000 obtained from the
last offering of certificates of indebt
edness, approximately $128,000,000
was re-deposited among banks which
took the issue, subject to call and at
an interest irate of two per cent.
It was Intimated the policy would
be continued with reference to fur
ther offerings of certificates where
practical. Another offering of $200.
000,000 probably will be made within
the next ten days.
As a further aid to the small Inves
tor, the comptroller of the currency
announced tonight that he Would en
deavor to secure banking aid for in
vestors who might not be able to pay
the amounts of their subscriptions;
prior to August 30 when the last in
stallment is due. -
SUNK
GERMANY
"Second, that the name of the ves
sel and the time of arrival or departure
' be communicated to the German gov-
eminent six weeks in advance.
"Third, that a representative of
imnay's interests in the particular coun
erse, Olga and Erik.
The Swedish steamers Lessi, Goeta
and Marta, the dispatch says, have
been captured and taken into Swine
mund, Germany.
The Swedish steamer Kyros was Oi
221 tons gitoss; the Theerse of 208
tons; the Olga of 153 tons. There are
two steamers named Erik and there are
three Swedish steamers named Marta,
ragning in size from 362 to 1,742 tons.
The steamers Pauline, Kjell, Lessi and
.Goeta are not mentioned In available
shipping records.
near Plava, near the Vodice, and Mon
te Santo and in the hilly country of
Gorizia. Everyyhere the enemy storm
ed against our lines, at some places
two or three times. Again and again
his storming columns were shattered.
"A most formidable attack, again
was directed against our positions on
the Carso. -What our defenders had
to accomplish in this battle in repulse)
and counterattack belongs to history.
In the extreme southern end of the
front the fight for a small section still
goes on. The battle has decided com
pletely in our favor and the enemy at
tack collopsed on the entire front with
heavy losses. The enemy came no
nearer his aim of breaking through
our line of battle than on the first
day."
ITALIANS WILL PAY
RESPECT TO MEMORY
OF NATION'S FATHER
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. May 26. The Ital
ian war mission will begin the serious
part of its work next week.
Most of today was spent with Am
bassador Li Cell are making arrange
ments for members of the mission.
The mission is composed entirely of
experts and is anxious to get' down
to real business. The Prince of
tTdine. head of the mission, probably
will address the senate late in the
week, delivering a message to the
American people entrusted to blm by
Victor . Emmanuel.
Tomorrow members of the mission
will go to Mount Vernon to pay their
respects to the memory of George
Washington. They will go on the
presidential yacht Mayflower as
guests of Secretary Daniels, and will
be accompanied by Secretaries Lan
sing and Baker and other officials.
FRENCH SOCIALISTS
SALUTE PRESIDENT
(By Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON. May 26. The syr.
dicate of the French Socialist press
has sent President Wilson a message
of salutations, saying:
"Honor to you.
"By your voice America still speaks
as Lincoln did In your hand she still
carries the sword of Washington."
SURTAXES ARE
STRUCK OUT OF
REVENUE BILL
Five Per Cent Tax On Manu
facturers' Gross Sales Also
Eliminated By Senate Com
mittee. (By Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON, May 26. Proposals
for a five per cent tax on manufac
turer's gross sales in many Industries
and for greatly increased surtaxes on
big incomes were -stricken out of the
war revenue bill today by the senate
finance committee, cutting down by
many millions the total revenue pro
vided for as the measure passed the
House.
The manufacturers' sales tax was
rejected bodily with the understand
ing that other and probably lower
levies woud be substituted later. Aft
er refusing to accept the increased
surtaxes on incomes of more than
$40,000 written itno the bill during the
House debate, the committee ap
proved the remainder of the Income
tax schedule virtually in the form in
which It originally was drafted by the
house ways and means committee.
The decision to throw out the manu
facturers' tax which would tax pro
ducers of motor vehicles and many
forms of merchandise was prompted
by a desire to eliminate the flat tax
imposed upon business generally and
to distribute the levy more equitably,
the committeemen said. The section
was designed to raise $118,750,000 an
nually, to be made up in whole or part
by other forms or rates of taxation.
. The House proposal to tax manu
facturer's sales of vehicles is expect
ed to be ' substituted by a general,
direct and graduated federal license
tax upon owners of motor vehicles, at
rates yet to. be fixed, based either up
on original selling cost or horsepower.
The effect, it was said, was to trans
fer the tax burden from, the manufac
turers to the owners The majority of
the - committee , was said to .favor an
nual taxes of $10 to $16 on motors.
Trucks and .vehicles used for business
purposes may be exempted. . ... -
Training Camp fdr
Negroes Considered
(By Review Leased Wire). .'
NEW YORK, May 26. Conditions
under which a reserve officers camp
for negroes will be established at
Fort Des Moines beginning June fif
teenth were made public here to
night Applications for admission to
the camp will be received up to and
Including June 7. AH negro men be
tween the ages of 20 years and nine
months and forty-four years, of good
education and morals, are eligible.
JACK NABORS SIGNED
BY DENVER LEAGUE
DENVER, May 26. Jack Nabors, a
pitcher formerly with the Philadelphia
Americans and now with Indianapolis,
in the American Association, was
signed today by the Denver Western
League club. He Is to report here in
June.
1AIII,
(By Reviow Leased Wire).
PARIS, May 26. "President Wll
son." said M. Viviani. the minister of
justice just returned from the United
States, in interview in the Temps,
"Is a man of high Intellect, who has
made a study and who precelves all
shades of American opinion in the
vast country with Its one hundred and
ten millions of people, where all
races are Intermingled. He possesses
in the highest degree two masterly
qualities who marked the statesman.
namely, patience, wherein no event
can draw from him a premature con
clusion, and, when he has reached his
conclusion, action, from which noth
ing can make him recede."
M. VivlanI quoted President Wil
son's farewell words: "We are broth
ers In a common cause," adding: I
PRESIDENT
ITTOON LEFT 1 RUINS
BY FIERCE STORM: RAIL
HiiATI STOPPED
Rescue Parties Working All Night To Recover Scores of
Bodies From Debris; Early Reports of Property Loss In
dicates Tremendous Damage To Many Towns In North
ern Illinois; Twister Leaves Track of Ruin Two Miles
Wide; Huge Factories Demolished.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
CHICAGO, May 26. Spring tornadoes, making their ap
pearance earlier than usual in the central west, caused the
J i r .1 inn j ..l -
uccuiis ui mure uian i uu persons luuay ana yesieraay, ins
injury of several hundred more and property damage which
cannot be estimated because of serious loss in growing food
crops.
Matoon, Illinois, was the heaviest suffered in the storms,
from 60 to 70 being killed there late today. This was more
than twice as many as were killed in Kansas Friday, when the
village of Andale and vicinity was wiped out with heavy toll
taken in the surrounding country. According to reports, the
storm wrecked half of Matoon, including nearly all of the busi
ness section and rendered 2,000 persons homeless.
Rescuing Parties Working By Lantern
While the principal force of the
storm struck at Mattoon. other sec
tions of Illinois were visited by vag
rant tornadoes, which left death and
destruction in their path.
Casualties were reports as follows:
Westervelt: five dead, 21 injured.
three of whom probably will die.
Mahattan: one dead, six injured.
Joliet: two injured.
t' El wood: four injured.
Modesto: 1 dead, nine fatally hurt.
x Pearl: one fatally injured.
Charleston: many reported injured
but definite information lacking until
wire communication restored.
Early reports of property losses in
dicated serious damage had been done
to many towns. Substantial factories
were blown to splinters in Mattoon.
Joliet estimated a half million dollars
damage in Will County alone.
Hail i followed the wind In many
plaoes, '. beating growing crops to the
ground. '
35 killed At Mattoon.
MATTOON. Ills., May 26. Thirty
five persons are known to be dead and
it' is estimated that an equal number
are buried in the ruins of Mattoon as
a result of a tornado which struck the
city about 4 o'clock this afternoon. In
addition, more than 200 persons were
injured by the windstorm, many of
them fatally.,
Tonight every available vehicle in
the" city was in service carrying the
dead and injured to hospitals, churches
and other publto places thrown open to
them. Mattoon was in complet dark
ness except for the light of hundreds
of lanterns carried by rescue workers
and not until daylight can the full ex
tent of the damage be known.
The funnel-shaped cloud came swirl
ing its way toward the city and be
fore persons on the streets culd seek
safety a district on the northern side
AGAIN
IN FRANCE, PRAISES
WILSON AND THE PEOPLE OF AMERICA
"Nothing could exceed the combin
ation of gentleness and firmness with
which these words were pronounced.
"I also have had the honor," he con
tinued, "to be received on several
occasions by Secretary Lansing and
Secretary McAdoo. You will not ex
pect me to disclose by the slightest
allusion the importance and gravity
of the views exchanged, but that
which I can desclbe is the cordiality
and simplicity, the virile tenderness
with which the chiefs of Btate wel
comed us. I could cite hundreds of
evidences of attachment shown to us
by men unknown and by men of most
illustrious position."
Continuing. M. Viviani said:
"No one, even in imagination, could
conceive of the privileged situation
our country occupies in the pudsating
heart of vast America. The frater
of the city two miles long and about
four blocks wide had been devastated,
almost every building in the path of
the storm being in ruins. The prop
erty damage, it was estimated tonight
will exceed on half million dollars.
Aid Is Rushed.
Hundreds of families are homeless.
Immediately the plight of the com
munity became known special trains
bearing physicians and nurses were
rushed here from Pans. Champaign.
Carbondale and other neighboring
cities. Handicapped by poor hospital
facilities, every effort was being made
to care for the injured.
The storm, travelling from east to
west, destroyed practically the entire
northern half of the town, leaving no
building standing in a swath several
blocks in width.
A lumber yard directly In the path
of the storm contributed largely to
the damage. Flying planks struck a
number of pedestrains who had been
unable to find shelter and other planks
were hurled for miles around the
countryside, one being discovered
sticking through the side of a farmer's
home.
Rescue Work Started.
Bits of broken and twisted steel
also flew through the air. damaging
buildings entirely out ot the path ot
the storm. A canning factory contri
buted to the loss in a similar way.
Rescue work was begun almost Im
mediately. Within an hour every
church and public building standing
was filled with Injured.
Efforts to estimate the casualty with
any degree of accuracy were futile ot
the confusion which followed the tor
nado. Hundreds of families reported
members were missing, but it was be
lieved many of these would be founj
tomorrow. A heavy hailstorm whicli
(Continued on Page Seven)
nal friendship born between the two
countries in the days of La Fayette
Roc h beau and Grasse has continued
for one hundred and forty years: it
is maintained and strengthened' with
touching care by the American na
tion. It Is between the portraits of
Washington and LaFayette that thi
President of the American senate and
the speaker of the American house
of representatives are placed in the
Presidency of these hieh assemblages.
M. Viviani mentioned 'many In
stances of the sincerity of American
sentiment toward France and con
eluded: "I am 'absolutely certain thai this
enthusiasm came from the heart and
that this fraternal sympathy, which Is
exalted to the point of being a heroic
trotherhool, will be rendered effective
by constant co-operation. TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 27, 1917.
r
We Want Every Woman Who Reads This Announcement to Come to The
"Fair Stor" Monday and See What Wonderful Savings She Can Make in the Purchase of Fashionable Apparel
r
aat''&kMi Including SUITS, COA TS, DRESSES
Q -yS11 a I "The Fair", store's policy deamnds a constant change of selection- -Hence current styles are offered
P;t,.n. t mn.i imnortant thine to note is that although every price is a substantial reduction, the Styles
are of the best and in demand RIGHT NOW. So, price and style considered, these garments set higher value
standards. So far as materials are concerned, you will readily see the saving in buying at these lowered prices.
Suits, Coats and Dresses that are irresistibe in STYLE and PRICE.
These Revised Prices Merit Your Close Attention
SUITS
Every Ftyle detail according to the new
est fashions ig' worked out In tnese handsome
cloth suits. They are distinctly smart
The trimmings harmonize perfectly with
the materials. The Tailored Suits are made
of best American serge. The novelty suits
are of Gaberdine, Serges or Velour. The Sports
models are of Wool Jersey. They represent
the ultra-fashionable In style, design and color.
$1 8.50 Suits, Special.. ..$1 2.35
$22.50 Suits, Special.... $15.00
$27.50 Suits. Special $18.35
$29.50 Suits, Special $19.70
$35.00 Suits, Special $23.35
$39.50 Suits, Special $26.40
$42.50 Suits, Special $31.90
DRESSES :
There's big value in everyone Dresses
of Taffeta Silk, Crepe Meteor, Crepe de Chine,
Georgette and Pongee. -..; ;
Ever so many styles the long .straight
lines, Russian Blouse. Accordeon pleated,
draped and smart sports models in coat effects.
There's every fashionable summer shade re
presented, as well as the brignt, dashing com
binations Only personal inspection can con
vince Nyou of tehir exceptional beauty and
worth, i , . , .
$18.50 Dresses Only $12.35
$22.50 Dresses Only $15.00 '
$25.00 Dresses' Only $18.75
$35.00 Dresses Only $23.35
$39.50 Dresses Only $26.40
$42.50 Dresses Only $31.90
COATS
Afternoon and Evening Dresses in Most Bewitching Styles
There keynote of fashion has been struck In these charming dresses for afternoon and evening wear, not only are, there models for
average figures, but the wants of the small woman can be fully met
They are from our regular stock and remarked for a quick disposal. Made of White Taffeta, YUnte Crepe de Chine and combina
tions of these with Georgette Crepe, smartly designed and richly trim med. An offer that no woman, anticipating the purchase of such a
garment can afford to miss.
REG $1850 VALUES FOR $13.' REG. $25.0.0 VALUES FOR $18.75 REG. $35.00 VALUES FOR $26 25
REG. $22.50 VALUES FOR $16.8- REG. $29.50 VALUES FOR $22.15 REG. $45.00 VALUES FOR $33.75
NOW In the'heart of the wearing season, at most important reduction, .
Garments of the very highest character, developed in materials of quality and fashion, pre-eminently suit
able for this occasion for which they were designed.
SMART, DRESSY
Silk Suits
FOR TFF WARMER DAYS
HAVE THEIR PRICES
LOWERED
How can you advertise them to
that women will appreciate lust THE
SUITS that these particular Suits are?
Which news bringing out all their
very unusual qualities in a moat im
pressing way that will cause women
to appreciate them, and a chance to
buy them underpriced .
The rich, heavy silks the excellent
workmanship and last, bat first of
all DESIGN must be considered la
just the right manner and each Is sc
Important. The question. How to ad
vertise them, and make you realize
all these wonderful features is a
problem. So the writer Is just putting
the matter to you in this way.
Imagine the handsomest Sports and
novelty silks made of the most fash
ionable silks Imagine the value you
want Imagine the style you want
and then in your mind add a little bit
to each Then come Monday and sel
ect from this remarkable group.
$29.50 Silk Suits $22.15
$32.50 Silk Suits $24.35
$35.00 Silk Suits. ..$26.25
$39.50 Silk Suits $28.70
$42.50 Silk Suits $31.90
$45.00 Silk Suits........$33.75
The most desirable Coats for summer
whether wanted tor travei. sports, motor or
general wear, there is one in this group to
please your fancy.
There are Wool Velour, Wool Jerseys,
Taffeta Silk, Gaberdine and Serge Pockets
that are practical ytt add much to the trim
ming effect; Belted Coats, or made to flare.
The color range is so great that you shoulu
easily find one to harmonize with your dress.
$18.50 Coats, Special $12.35
$22.50 Coats, Special $15.00
$25.00 Coats, Special $16.70
$27.50 Coats, Special $18.35
$29.50 Coats, Special $19.70
$32.50 Coats, Special $21.70
$35.00 Coats, SpeciaL,...$23.35
- MEN'S LIGHT WEIGHT
Summer Suits
OF PALM BEACH AND CRASH-0 HIGH IN
QUALITY LOW IN PRICE.
$8.50, $10 $15
The "weather man" has been very kind to you up to now
Winter has tread upon tne toes of summer and you have
found your heavier clothing a very congenial companion But v
don't thyik this will last Indefinitely for summer is here andS
we will have our usual number of hot day3. J
If you want to cheat "Old Sol''.nd his blazing summer rays 4
It you want to avof icomfon.,rom-the cummer's best exces-;
siveness, cho.s; vie these smart, snappy. Palm Beach. Flan-'
neL or Craio-o Suits They're inexpensive and will bring you a
world of pleasure and comfort
Here'ydull find the breezy, care-free, comfortable styles
vou'll want for enjoying the "big out-dcors," or for business .
Belted Coats, Pinch-back styles and smart Z and & button
novelty sacks. In a wide range ot patterns and materials Suits
that are just right for worn or piaj. Well tailored and they fit.
Boys' Blue Serge Suits
For Graduation
$6.50, $7.50 to $12.50
The bost selection of Boys' Graduation Suits can be se
cured from us now We have the largest stock of Blue Serges m
we have ever assembled and these await your inspection and fi
choosing. '.
Made of all wool BLUE SERGE of excellent quality and
color that it warranted fast. Pleated yokes. Patch pockets and
stitched-on belts are features tkat serve to make these suits
mnra attractive There are all sizes from 8 to 18 years and 5aa
priced at $6.50. $8.50, $10 and $12 Wt assure you the prices
are reasonable for the quality they represent.- YOUTHS' BLUE
SERGE SUITS in sizes 33 to 38 for $16.50.
White Bed Spreads
At Prices That Represent
Distinct Sqrings For You
THE HOUSEWIFE WHO IS FAMILIAR with present market
conditions will need no urging to supply not oniy her immediate
needs for bed linens, but she'll buy for the future, too. This Is
particularly true of WHITE SPREADS, Prices are on the upward
move and will coming to advance. But our large orders placed
more than a year ag protect you for the present, against higher
prices; we own our large stocks at normal prises and you are en
titled to share ur goo fortune.
MARSEILLES. CROCHETED and SATIN FINISHED QUILTS
with cut corners, or fringed, some with embroidered scalloped
. edges; all sizes from 64xS2 inches for single beds, to 86x96 inches
for double beds, priced at $1.50, $2.00. up to $6.50.
Exceptional Values
EAGLE. WiHTE BED QUILTS, EXTRA WEIGHT and good qual
ity, 10-4 6ize. A very unusual valut at each. $1.50
BERLIN WHITE CHOCHETED SPREADS, extra size and medium
weight, full 11-4 amply large for double bed. each $1.50
MATCHLESS CHOCHETED QUILTS, F('LL"k 4 size, hemmed
ends, exceptional quality and value, priceu at each...... $2.00
OUR LOT NO. 122, WHITE SATIN FINISHED QuilU, 12 4 and full
size, extra weight and quality, each...... $3.00
EXTRA WHITfc. Cr'XJHETED QUILTS, extra quality and finish;
11-4 size embroliitred scalloped edges, cut corners, summer
weight An unusual value at $3.00
Jit LOT NO. 225. WHITE SATIN FINISHED Quilts, extra size,
full 13-4, embroidered scalloped edges, cut co'rners. medium
weight; a wonder value at each $5.00
HERE'S A VERY EXCEPTIONAL VALl'E in a crocheted Quilt,
with fringed ends, cut corners, full 12-4 size; special at $3.00
GEUINE MARSEILLES WHITE CROCHETED QUILTS, fringed
ends and cut comers, full 12-4 size, a splendid value at
each . $6.50
I f ! 1
WOMEN'S
SILK BOOT
STOCKINGS
75c
IN NEWEST COLORS
FIRST we tel you the price,
65c a pair for you'U marvel at
their value when you see how very
fine they are in quality, and in
what delightfully pretty shades
they come, as well as black and
white.
All pure silk except for a 9 inch
Lisle elastic garter top; fully rein
forced at heel and toe. full fashion
ed throughout. Just the stockings
you'll need for your mid-summer
wardrobe and so inexpensive, too,
only 75c a pair.
TOILE DU NORD
DRESS
GINGHAMS
15c a Yard
MOTHERS, if you realize the
true conditions of the Gingham
market today, you'd be here early
tomorrow morning to buy quantities
of these splendid Toile Du Nord
Dress Ginghams for children's
frocks, women's house dresses,
men's and boys' shirts and blouse?,.
THERE is a scarcity of "quality"
Ginghams, good patterns and fast
colors. But uui early purchasing
is responsible lor the splendid as
sortment we are abie to show.
There are new stripes, smart
checks and plaids, also a full range
of plain colors per yard 15c.
BON TON" There'll Be Crowds Bigger and More Enthu
siastic l nan hver Mere Monday tor 1 hese
Hats At One-Halt Regular Prices
CORSETS
THE WOMAN WHO HAS A BEAUTI
FUL figure need never worry only lest she may
lose this figure by improper corseting. The
more beautiful and symmetrical your figure
lines, the more you need a BON TON CORSET
to accentuate and preserve your figure beauty.
IF. HOWEVER, YOUR F1GUE NEEDo
certain corrections The BON TON will 'io
more for you in a shorter time than you hav
been accustomed to. Your good lii.es are em
phasized POSITIVELY and the poor linr.3
are corrected.
.THERE IS A BON TON. for every type -it
figure. Whether you are tall. or short, neavy :.i
slender, we have many models specially d?
signed for your figure. Prices from $3.50 tn
$15.00.
Corset Fitted By An Expert Fitter. '
Fascinating
New Styles in
Summer Blouses
SOFT CLINGING GEORGETTE CREPU.
Crepe de Chine and Lingerie Blouses in jus-:
scores and scores of fie most exquisite style
You will enjoy seeing them tomorrow as the.
come fresh from their tissue paper wrapping! .
BLOUSES AS DELICATE a the spider'
web. Blouses that will come crisp and fresh
out of many tubbings and blouses all-a-sparki.-with
the eclor and the Wash of mld-summe -sports
styles. So many, many styles and ma
terials and colors that t would take this who!
page to tell you See them Monday $2.45 to
$15.00.
HATS, THAT ARE MORE BEAUTIFUL more stunningly attractive and more remarkable In value
than any specially priced group we have ever invited you to see.
MOSTLY ONE OF A KIND so your choice is practically unlimited. Prices so drastically reduced they'
tug on every woman's pocketbook Black Hats and Lisere Sailors. Turbans and medium styles. Milan, Leg
horns, Lace and Georgette combinations Also SPOUTS MODELS galore.
NOTHING SMART IS MISSING and everything is new and ultra-desirable for summer wear. In sptte
cf thecrowds that made last week's milliney business the biggest in our history, we feel justified in ex
pecting still greater ciowus tomorrow wr.en we look at the rarely beautiful bats dignifying this event TAKE
YOUR CHOICE AND PAY
$ 5.00 Hats For... $2.50
$ 6.50 Hats, For. $3.25
$ 7.50 Hats For $3.75
$ 8.50 Hats For $4.25
$10.00 Hats For $5.00
$12.50 Hats For:.. $6.25
$13.50 Hats For $6.75
$15.0$ Hats For... $7.50
$18.50 Hats For $9.25
Prices on Untrimmed Hats Cut in Two
Newest of Braids and a Full Range of Colors
j
$2.50 Untrimmed Shapes for $1.25
$3.50 Untrimmed Shapes For $1.75
$4.50 Untrimmed Shapes For $2.25
$5.00 Untrimmed Shapes For $2.50
$5.00 Untrimmed Shapes For......$3.00
$ 7.50 Untrimmed Shapes For... .$3.75
$ 8.50 Untrimmed Shapes For....$4.25
$10.00 Untrimmed Shapes For....$5.00
$12.50 Untrimmed Shapes For....$6.25
$15.00 Untrimmed Shapes For....$7,50
Dress Linens That Take on the
Significance of a Special Sale-Here Monday
READ THE PRICES and your own go.d judgment will assure you that there will be a "stirring time In t..o
Linen Section, Monday. You'll be warranted in dropping every engagement you might have AND COME.
Of course, this is net a sale from the sMndpoint of REDUCED PRICES but each and every price is special
indeed it Is As it is 'way below the prese it market value of these fine linens. These wonder value are made
possible by our having houcht these goods more than two years ago, and our sell ng prices are based on this cost
.-YOU SAVE THE DIFFERENCE.
31-INCH DRESS LINENS, natural color. highly mercerized
quality, per yard .. 25i
36-INCH DRESS LINENS, natural color, highly mercerized
especially desirable for summer suits, coats and
dresses, per yard 35c
36-INCH LINEN SUITING, extra heavy quality an excep
tional value at the yard 50s
36-INCH LINEN SUITING in the new oyster white color,
warranteed pure linen, suitable for sports togs, per
yard l 65c
Summer Dress Cottons
In a Dazzling Array of Colors
- Tlx- UioiiUi of May is nearing the month of June, when Lingerie
Frocks come Into their own and the pretty, dainty summer dress
cottons tnk'i the center of the stage.
If you've tx'eii wondering just where you can "see the most gor;?-
. ........ ..r H....'a ..hnn lt.,,., .....1 ... 1, . trm, n V.it
l Tain r '4L LJ 1 . 11 J " " 11 ni'iiintiui, jucl nilVIC .WU IMI 3IO IU- Ul"i' .
iT '"s ""' ' these sheer, filmy fabrics, and just where you ca
Ty the best qualities at the lowest prices we want you to kno
"THE FAIR" is the store that can serve you best. ; And too, th
u ........in..r..i ,.r u..w.t... 1. 1.. ... t. ...... r..a
can get
ow that
in & riu is uie sioie mui can serve you Deti. ; iia iuu, mere in
such a wonderful lot of washable sports materials here for your
LllUWlUg.
SPORTS RIBBONS 15c TO
75c A YARD.
THE DEMAND FOR SPORTS
Ribbons is great and every day it
grows greater.-. They are used for the.
trimming ot halH and all ether sports
togs. The largest assortment ot the
favorite ribbons will he found hen',
in stripes, plaids, dots, figures, etc.,
all widths.
WIHDSOR
CRLPE, YD.
25c
SOCIETY
SILK AT
65c
'E KNOW OF NO other material
quite so well adapted for summer 1111
derg; rineuts a Windsor Crepe le
'tiidei, its splendid wearing qualities
it !: ;ndr:es easily and require! no
ircnr.g All wanted shades. oO-ini li:s
wide- per yard 25c.
-WHAT PRETTY FROCKS and
dresses, also lingerie can be made of
this solt. dinging. Society Silk; 36
nic ies wide and a wonderful quality
at t'ie price, 65c a yard; in Black.
White and all the favorite new shades.
Sheets, Pillow Cases
IN LIEU OF PRESENT MARKET
CONDITIONS the constant move
ment upward on all kinds of 'cotton
goods It should be considered an
achievement to be able to offer you
sheets and pillow cases of this su
perior quality at such reasonable
prices.
DALLAS SEAMLESS SHEETS; sixe
54x90 inches tor only 75c
DALLAS SEAMLESS SHEETS; sise
63x90 inches for only 85e
DALLAS SEAMLESS SHEETS; site
72x90 inches for only 95c
DALLAS SEAMLESS SHEETS; sixe
81x90 inches for only $1-00
Pillow Cases
DALLAS PILLOW CASE S.-fu11
bleached : size 42x36 Inches, each 25c
DALLAS PILLOW CASE S. full
bleached; size 45x36 inches, each 30c THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 27, 1917.
THREE
NATIONALS
(By Review Leased Wire).
NEW YORK. May 26. New York
made it 'an even break with Chicago
herfe today, winning the last game of
the ; series. Only 21 men faced Sallee
in the first seven innings.
Chicago . . ...000 000 0101 7 2
New York 002 000 00 4 7 0 !
Seaton, Prendergast and" Elliott,
Wilson; Sallee and'McCarty.
PHILADELPHIA 7; CINCINNATI 4
PHILADELPHIA. May 26. Phila
delphia's hard hitting- In the third in
ning resulted in Cincinnati's defeat
Umpire Harrison officiated today un
aware that his father had died this
morning at Youngstown, Ohio.
Cincinnati . . . ,200 000 020 I 11 3
Philadelphia . . .005 010 01 7 10 1
Regan, MitchelL Knetzer. Eller and
Wingo; Oeschgar and Killifer.
BROOKLYN 4; PITTSBURG 1
BROOKLYN, May 25. Brooklyn
made It three straight from Pittsburg
today. . '
Pittsburg .... .000 100 0001 6 2
Brooklyn . . . . . .200 002 00 4 8 0
F. Miller, Carlson and Schmidt;
Marquard and O. Miller.
' ST. LOUIS 6; BOSTON 1
BOSTON, May 26. Doak's spithall
was extremely effective today an' St.
Louis won. Cruise made a home run
In the eighth. It was the first time
a hit into the right field bleachers
has been achieved and was toe l"nv
est ever made at Braves Field.
Ft." Louis 010 002 111 - 6
Boston 000 100 000-1
Doak and Gonzales; ReKn,
and Cowdy. ,
9 -2
2 4
Nel.f
AMERICANS
(
(By Review Leased Wire).
CLEVELAND, May 26. Je Wi od
pitched his first game as a member
of the Cleveland team today and his
first since August, 3915, New York
winning.
New York . . . .000 020 1104 12 1
Cleveland 001 100 0013 6 2
Walters and Shawkey; Wood, P.a?
bv'and O'Neill.
DETROIT 11; PHILADELPHIA 8
DETROIT, May 26. Detroit took
advantage of the darkness in the
. i ,
eighth to bunch hits today and de-.
ff &ted Philadelphia.
Dcticit 520 000 04 11 11
Pbf' adelphia . . .002 041 10 S 11 1
Johnson. Siebold anl Schang;
Haley, Cunningham, Boland. Jones,
Ehnike and Stanage Spencer.
Batteries.
just like animals WC
i $ imwmf
expert attention for your battery,
bright lights, quick starting, and
perfect ignition.
You can also get a rental battery
when yours needs repairs. .
Note reproduction at right of the
card which ent ties holder lo Tve
testing of his battery at regular in
tervals. Ask us for yoi'j'".
h card which cnt tics holder lo fr.-e v7 II
SENA10RS 3; CHICAGO 3
CHICAGO, May 26. Today's same
between Washington and Chicago was
callel on account of darkner.s ut the
end of the sixth with the score tied.
Washington . 001 000 -3 I J
Chicago 000 003 U 5 0
BOSTON Jt; ST. LOUIS 7
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. May 26. Angered
by a decision of Umpire Owens in
the second inning, a portion of the
crowd surged upon the field in pro
test. Scott, first up for Boston in this
inning hit a low line drive to right
which Jacobson fielded near the
ground. The umpire ruled the ball j
was caught on the short bouncy but !
th St. Louis players argued that It
had been cnuaht before touching the
ground. The bleacher fans broke
through the gates and rushed toward
Owens. They were opposed, how
ever, before reaching the diamond.
Police and players of both teams, the
Boston men being armed with bats,
drove the crowd back. Play was re
sumed after a delay of about 10 min
utes. ;
Best on . . . 312 220 10011 17 2
St. Louis 411 000 001 7 13 4
Bader, Shore, Mays and Thomas,
Agnew; Sothoron. Hamilton, Daven
port, Park and Severoid.
HOW THEY STAND
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Boston i 22
Chicago .....25
New York IS
10
13
12
IS
22
20
20
21
.688
.658
.C"0
.521
.405
Ull.-veland 20
jst Louis It-
Washington 13
Driroit 12 '
PMlarielphia . . ...'...11
National
Philadelphia 21
Chicago 24
New York 18
St. Louis 17
Brooklyn . . . ." 13
Cincinnati 15
Boston 18
Pittsburg 11
344
10
15
11
15
15
22
17
24
.621
.531
.464
.405
.514
Coast Results
(By Review Leased Wire).
At Los Angeles
( Portland 7
;loS Angeles 8
Brenton. Penner. Fincher and Se -
i pulveda. Fisher; Ryan. Hall. Stand-
Ijiidge, Hogg and Bassler.
; ,
j t gait ie
j Vernon 2 8
; Salt Lake 7 13
tfrmtmht mlautcd. 1017 II III
. Headquarters of the f
S P CB
It costs you money to starve, neglect, and over
work your battery and. you suffer all kinds of in
convenience and trouble besides.
Join the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
And don't let your membership lapse. Run in to
see us at least once a month. Otherwise you're
violating the first rule of the society you're treating
your battery cruelly.
The membership privileges include
LOIIMAN & WRIGHT
Central Theatre Bldg. Lowell, Ariz.
and Mitze; Leverenz and
At San Francisco
San Francisco
Oakland
Oldham. Dougherty
..0 7 1
..6 8 2
McKee;
and
Western League
At Lincoln
Omaha
Lincoln
Currie and Brottem,
rer.
4 7 1
..5 8 4
East and Roh-
At Wichita
St. Joseph
Wichita
Graham and Moore;
Yaryan.
4 8 0
0 0 1
Koestner and
American Association
At Louisville 5; Toledo 8.
At St. Paul 4; KansjH City ?..
At Minneapolis 4; Milwaukee
All other games postponed.
Southern Association
At Memphis 2-10; Binningham 11-8.
At Little Rock 3-1; Atlanta 6-1.
At Nashville 5; Mobil 4.
At Chattanooga 1; New Orleans 4.
RUTH STONEHOUSE
AT STAR TODAY
"The Saintly Sinner," a Bluebird
Mitchell
Hannah.
j-- 'photoplay to be exhibited at the Star
ll Theater today, with Ruth Stonehouse
in the stellar role, will satirize the vari
jous "cults" that seek to uplift human
g j ity. The "fad" of prison refornii the
"gg , languid purpose of the society "settle-
raent worker," and the various prac-
! tices of the idle rich who occupy only
'their spare time in charity pursuits,
j will be reflected. The heroine of the
story is a girl, falsely accused and fi-
jjjnally convicted of a crime she never
cuiuuiiiieu. uuce ne oas serveu ner
time and emerges into a life of free
dom, the stigma of a prison record
counts against her and the "uplift"
cults turn their backs upon the strug
gles No Vnder the girl becomes em
bittered and starts to revenge herselt
upon the man. who has caused her
. downfall. "The Saintly Sinner" tells a
gripping story in exciting episodes, and
carries its purpose to convincing 'ends.
'It is old-fashivmed melodrama brough?
up to date and well done for
Blu(r
4, bird has a fashion of doing things
1 rigat in ph'jtoplaying.
II
I
I - II fit
7
I
1
I
GIRLS, HERE'S HOW
E
.-.;: 1 1 H t
1
JULES VERNE'S BIG
MASTERPIECE FLAYS
AT ORPHEUM MONDAY
"Twenty Thousand Leagues
Under The Sea" Is Fettuve
Attraction At The Orpheum
Monday. Submarines
Native Haunt
When Jules Verne charmed the youth
of two worlds with his fantastic anc
imaginary tales of a kingdom under
neath the sea it was presumed he had
no idea his own fairy creation , ever
Would or could be visualized. His fas
cinated readers dreamed of heroes like
the dauntless Captain Nemo, but their
wildest flights of fancy did ont permit
tnem to noia out any nope oi seems
their beloved fiction characters alive
ana reaiiy exisuns unuerue-m iuc
ocean waves. .
!
i
All things aside from the genuine !guperIor to anytning he has yet aw
enjoyment of this undersea drama templed Fnm the moment 0f his in
have combined to juake "Twenty Thouvtroduction he ,9 tfce 8ame rugf,e(, fear.
sand Leagues under the Sea. wh.ch , he man that ne ha3 Deen ,n a hjs
appears at the Orpheum onM'jnday. a gucce8Bea
timely motion picture ofv the year, j Hart,s ' woman ,n th,g , ,s
First, the European war which ha3;A,ma Reubens the dark haired lu
made the Invention of submarines a , ho wU, be remembered for her worK
subject of paramount interest, followed fn ft fecent Douglas Fairbank8 plav.
by other sea adventures unparalleled M.gg Reubens nag the roli ot an or.
in history. , . 'phaned girl of the village, who becomes
The submarine In the picture bring :..vo. . tlw TirnrM,lnrll stnripA hv
of a pitiless sea monster. After ves
sels have been attacked without mercy
in nudsea, the United States sends a i
b'jat in search of this beast of the
ocean. It is during the civil war, and
the good ship which carries these
hrovo mon la t)in Ahraham T.lnrnln !
After their capture by Captain Nemo
and their imprisonment on the subma
rine, the wonders of the sea are pre
sented in a lavish manner. The marine
gardens, sharks, an octopus and other
marvelous things that heretofore have
existed l'ar us only in fiction are con
jured upon a screen, and we gaze ap
palled at things which Captain Nemo
tells us God never meant man to see.
PLAYING GYPSY IS
WORK FOR ACTORS
Jean Sawyer And Stuart
Holmes Featured In "Love's,
Law" At Eagle Think So,
Want to be a gypsy? Want to expe-
rience the joys of life in the open for'&vme of his soldier friends to assist!
a few weeks and rove where you j him j her capture. In the fight that!
please, and have no thought of Ice:ensues tables are overturned, furniture
boxes or fireplaces?
If you do, then come to New York
and interview one of the members Jf
tbe William Fox company who acteu
for "Love's Law," the new gypsy pho
toplay. "It's not what it's cracked up to be,"
is Stuart Holmes laconic comment.
"It's terrific work," Joan Sawyc.
says, and smiles sadly.
"It wears one one,' remarks Olga
Gray.
"I don't believe people can keep II
up m'jre than a month," says Richard
Neill.
All in all, tbe comments of the actors
agreed that being a gypsy was harder
work than being a movie actor, and
that means a lot.
Y. W. C. A. VISITORS.
Miss Alice G. ii'jore, secretary of
Girls' Work for the Pacific coast field.
and MIsb Anna Seaburg, of New York I
City, were callers at the Y. W. C. a iNEW CLUB OFFICERS.
Saturday. Miss Seaburg has recently I The literary departmnet of tne T wen
organized an association at Tucson. ,tlcth Century Club held its annual elec
making four city "Y" in the state-Bis- t,on of 'r ls' Tuesday at the Y.
bee, Phoeuix. Douglas and Tucson, lb ! w- c- c,ub r00"1" Tne 'owiwg of
the order of their organization. jflcer8 were elec,ed fjr. the ensuln
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
TO SHOW PATRIOTISM
7 7 f. t"r
WILLIAMS. HART IS
CAST AS AN EDITOR
Western Bad Man Is News
paper Editor In "Truthful
- Tulliver" At The Central
William S. Hart makes his appear-
Jjj'ance in a new characterization in the
1 rmui-ivaj' tire iuy iiuiii me ytru
of J. G, Hawks, entitled "Truthful
Tulliver," at the Central Theater to
day. "Truthful Tulliver" is the absorbing
tale 'of a fighting newspaper man who
drove wickedness out of Glory Hole,
and In accomplishing it became instru
mental in the working out of two ro
mances. Its action is laid in a small
Arizona mining hamlet in the early
jslxtIe8i and. revoIveB aDOut the timely
iadvent of a journeyman editor with a
big heart, a clean soul'and two guns.
, Hart ,g seeR ,n the tiUe rjlei and hu
iortravaI la declared to be eaual. if not
Truthful Tulliver.
The remainder of the cast consists
of Walter Perry. Norbert A. Myles.
Nina Byron and Milton Ross.
SOLDIERS FIGHT WITH
HANDS AS WELL AS GUNS
Crane Wilbur Appears Again
Tonight At The Orpheum
In "The Painted Lie."
That soldiers are just as good fight
ers with their fists as they are with
guns and bayonets. Is shown in one
of the scenes of "The Painted Lie,"
which appears at the Orpheum tonight.
Everyone who likes a good, free-1'or-all
fight will enjoy the scene inl which
the soldier boys, members of Lieuten-
ant Greyton's company, get the best of
T?. L.
The thugs have kidnapped Maria and
taken her down into a pool room dive
in the basement. The lieutenant. Crane
IWilbur, discovers this and summons
jj8 8niashed, and th thugs are given a
drubbing.
In addition, the two-reel feature,
"Our Fighting Forces," will be shown
at the down town playhouse.
DR. WALLS CHOSEN TO
SUCCEED KINGSBURY
AT STATE HOSPITAL
According to word from Thoenix.
Governor Campbell has announced the
appointment of Dr. John R. Walls, of
Tucson, to the superintendency of the j
state hospital, effective June 1. Dr.
A. C. Kingsbury, present superintend
ent .has resigned.
year: rreBiueni, airs. J. r. leuien;
vice president, Mrs. Otto Engelder;
secretary, Mrs. E. Trcnham, and Treas
urer, Mrs. II. Burkell.
Now is the time to buy a
BEACH. LOT
$350
$1.00 Down
' $1.00 Per Week
10 Oft on Excess Payments )
No Interest No Taxes.
Seashore Colony Tract, Newport
Beach.
25 choice sand lots; former price,
$590. Gas, water and electricity at
hand. Electric cars through tract;
staffs on tract A bona fide op
pcr Jty to double your money
quU-:y.
C L. Lancaster, Owner
603 Central Bldg., Los Angeles
Or Newport Beach, Cal.
catcrrh:
OF V..C
3LA0CEP
t-Tcb Cio- 5
Itaoc8 cfcrntcrfciU
H
W
enderson will by and
please you,
atklns, he
helps too,
umber has gone up
a little as
sual as other
things has,
ighty good
time to buy
efore things
get so high
ach month you put off
building that home you
un a risk of
having none
ome let us
talk to you,
lson may offer some
suggestions too.
PHONE 16
u
M
B
E
R
C
O
In Peace or War Your Teeth Need
Attention I
DR. TEUFERT
Sanitary Dental Office
Maze Building
BISBEE-DOUGLAS STAGE
WINTON SIX
Travel in laxury roomy, comfortable cars; careful, courteous drivers.
Leave Copper Queen Hotel, Bisbee and Gadsden Hotel Douglas on the
hour commencing eight A. M. daily, via Lowell and Warren. Arrange
ments may be made for private parties and special trips.
MOTOR TRANSIT CO.
Phone, Bisbee 98 1 Phone, Douglas 343
C.OPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best ol everythinsr at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet '
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK,
Baggage and Transfer
Bisbee to Douglas
I am on the road hauling anything there Is to be hauled.
Leave Douglas, Arizona, at 6 o'clock in the morning and leave
Bisbee at 2 o'clock In the afternoon. Leave orders at Victor ra
Hotel, Phone 54.
NO TRIPS SUNDAY.
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
LOWELL
J. B.
ANGlUS
iURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
EYE NERVE GLASSES
.-iw! Permanently located
la Bisbee. except
7?kv ' Mondays In Douglas.
Room 1. Maze
Building.
DR. R. GLAZE, Neurologist.
Phone 156.
Resldence Phone, Black 420.
O. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot. Ambulance
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
M. KEANE
High Class Tailor,
Airdome Theatre
LowelL - Arizona
1
PRICES REASONABLE
B. T. McGINNISS.
WE EXAMINE EVERY
BIT OF LUMBER
before allowing it to leare our
yards. For when we sell you
first class lumber we mean that
every piece of It must be of that
character. We dont mix grades
here. What you buy you get
with no baits to make culls look
first class and no culls to help
out the profit on the better
grades.
Company. nc
CAR STOP.
PHONE 23. FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 27, 1917.
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
btate Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered at Siond Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona.
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH , $ .75
THREE MONTHS 2.25
SIX MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.60
SUNDAY (Cor Weekly) per year 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter 75
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
PHONE NO. 39.
Aeview subscribers not receiving a copy of The Blsbre
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly ly
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning tlir
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will cc fl
out the most wanton and reckless sacrifice of blood and
money.
Undoubtedly the military esperts will make mistakes.
That, too, Is the experience of the war. Germany has had
three different Chiefs of Staff since autocracy threw
down Its challenge to democracy. The French and Brit
ish alike have been compelled by circumstances to sup
plant old commanders with new commanders, but in each
shift the changes have been dictated by cold, hard mili
tary considerations, not by sentimental or political con
siderations, and some of the most serious blunders of the
war have come from the refusal of war offices to he
guided by the practical advice of the commanders at the
front
President Wilson makes it plain 'that whatever mis
takes the United States makes will not com through
obstinate adherence to defective systems. He has shown
that since the day he delivered his war address to Con
gress when he demanded the enforcement of the principl
of obligatory service. He has revealed it again in h
proclamation summoning the Nation to war under the
selective draft, and in the choice of troops and command
er that he has made for the first army to France.
Mr. Wilson Is a historian. He knows something of the
price that the country has paid in past wars for the re-
sider it a favor if the irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger service I asal or the inability of the Government to wage war as
applies to Bisbee only.
Sunday Morning, May 27, 1917.
DRAGGING RUSSIA DOWN.
Poor Russia has struggled to her feet again. There is
hope once more in the dispatches from Pettograd. The
. revolution has not "died a borning." It Jias passed the
first big crisis. But the young giant faces tremendous
obstacles, in his fight to keep his old shackles from being
riveted on again. ,
The greatest obstacle is Germany. Prussianism, which
formerly reigned in Russia under the name of Czardom
is determined that its big neighbor, with his incalculabW
possibilities, shall not be free. The Kaiser wants no
troublesome, democracy next door to fill his own people
with nonsensical notions of liberty.
There is no longer anything to fear from Russian am
bition. The lust of conquest passed with the Romanoffs.
But to the Hohenzollern8 militarists and junkers of
Russia there is far more peril in a Russian people de
siring to live their own life. Free ideals are more aggres
sive than ambitious emperors. They overlook all bound
aries. They are more menacing than armies against
royalty, tyranny, aristocracy, militarism and all the vast.
entrenched system of error, violence and crime repre
sented today by the German government.
And so Germany is bent on destroying the new Russia.
She varies her methods to suit the moment In the first
days of the revolution she sent an invading army swarm.
ing across the frontier, hostile emissaries in the guise of
friends to foment trouble, arouse discontent, set faction
against faction and lead the 'revolution' to its own de
struction. The campaign succeeded so well that hun
dreds of thousands of German troops were withdrawn
from the eastern front to fight the British and French.
Russia was being beaten without soldiers.
Recently the face of things has changed. Russian pat
riots, aided powerfully by the Allies, bolstered by Ameri
can money and assurances, have restored a semblance Of
discipline in the army and are getting the government
into working shape. It appears that there is hope, after
all, for the latest and biggest of democracies. And so
Germany begins to mass troops, again on her eastern
flank and threaten a drive against Petrograd.
Can the Russians meet that thrust? The prayers' of
America are with them in their task, and the resources
of America will be at their disposal if they can only hold
out a little longer.
war. Therefore he has bent all his energies to these wise
policies that are a new thing in our history and a land
mark In our progress." The measure of public support
that he receives will be the measure of the American
people's appreciation of their responsibility to themselves
and to the cause in which they are enlisted.
OUR BIG, SLOW CONGRESS.
'Congress is too large," writes a Mississippi man in a
letter to his paper. "Congress talks too much. Congres
is too slow for modern times.
Rip Van Winkle slowness in England and France has
cost them much money and many valuable lives. We iu
America should profit by their mistakes. If we haven'l
a constitution in this country that will permit us to do
things needed with lightning-like rapidity, then let us
have one, and have it quickly.
We are living in the fastest age of the world's history.
We are living In times when we have enemies by land
and sea, in the air and beneath the water. We see our
trade and commerce sent out to the most remote corners
of the earth, and our life interwoven with that of all
nations. We have 100.000,000 people in America today,
where there were only a few hundred thousand when our
constitution was written.
Too many people in congress, too much talk going on.
too many incompetent men talking, and too. slow action,
are doing this country great harm. Reduce congress tc
One-fourth, its present size and reduce the talking to one-
fifteenth its present length, and let things be done in
keeping with. the progress of the age."
There's a good deal of sense in this intentionally ex
aggerated criticism. We have had lamentable demon
strations lately of the inability .of a poHd.erous talkative
congress to get things done promptly in a great crisis.
A smaller body would naturally be made up of bigger
men. It would have stronger leaders, and wouia De more
amenable to leadership. It c'buld not talk so much, on sc
many subjects, to so little purpose.
But what's the use of our talking about it? Congress
itself is sole arbiter of its actions and sole judge of its
size, wnen it naa an excellent opportunity aiter me
last census, to adopt better membership rules, it deliber
ately added several dozen congressmen instead of cutting
down the number. After the next census it can probably
be depended on to keep up the old ratio of congressmen
to population, thereby adding still more to its unwieldy
bulk, approximately a mob rather than an efficient body
for the transaction of the nation's business.
A SPLENDID WAR POLICY.
The appointment of Gen. Pershing to command the
American forces in France is beyond criticism. No officsr
in the United States army is better fitted than he for
that responsible duty.
Nor can the President be too highly commended for
bis decision to send regulars for the first serious work
to be done by American troops in the war. It was a de
cision that required courage and resolution. But courage
and resolution are qualities in which the President has
never shown himself lacking when he was put to the test,
says the New York World. '
In his statement rejecting the services of the so-called
Roosevelt division the President has defined a war policy
of such vital importance that It deserves the spontaneous
support of all the American people. After referring to
the political advantages that might accrue from accept
ing the Roosevelt offer and to the personal pleasure that
he would derive from granting the Roosevelt request, the
President said:
But this is not the time or the occasion for compliment
or for any acton of calculated to contribute to the im
mediate success of the war. The business now in hand
is undramatlc, practical and of scientific definiteness and
precision. I shall act with regard to it at every step and
in every particular under expert and professional advice
from both sides of the water.
This is the only policy under which the war can be
won. and the President cannot hold to it too rigidly. If
the experts of Great Britain. France and the United
States, acting together and working together for the com
mon end. cannot bring victory, then victory is impossible.
If they fail it is certain that nobody else can succeed.
The President's determination to be guided by their
counsel and experience will save life and treasure. It
will protect the country against the military blunders
of amateurs which in times past have cost the United
DINNER COURSES.
A reader writes In to say that he isn't much impressed
with the food reform championed by rich women in some
of the big cities restricting their dinners to three
courses. That's fine as far as it goes, says the critic.
but it doesn't go very far.
"A majority of us have been getting along on three
courses or less for some time, except on occasions when
we have had hash. It is the sinful waste of food that must
be stopped, whether it be the spaghetti of the working
man or the mallard duck of the millionaire, and the num
ber of courses has little to do with it."
These ladies, he suceests. ought to organize an "Order
of the Clean Plate."
"An individual should take no more food on his plate
than he really wants to eat, and he should be made to
feel the shame of it when he does so waste his food."
Americans are, in this respect, the world's greatest
wasters. A time has come at last when he can reform our
thrifting table customs without apology or humiliation
What would formerly have been called a stinginess has
become a social virtue.
PRUSSIAN WAR LOGIC.
"Johnny says he didn't start the fight.
"He didn't." replied Jimmy. "I had to start it myself.
He wanted to keep on beavin' rocks at me an' pretendlrf
be wasn't fightin'.'
This colloauial eem. from the Washington Star, is
something more than a mere Jest. It reads like a parable.
It presents neatly the present war situation of the United
States and Germany.
One of the most curious phenomena of this "made-in
Germany" war is that Germany up to the present time has
refused to admit that she is at war with us
And there's a peculiar fitness (n attributing this .bit of
belligerent repartee to small boys. Anybody who has
closely observed the mental processes of Prussian states-
States so much and raised grave doubts as to the ability manship and American childhood must have been struck
of the American democracy to carry on a great war with- bv their similarity.
WEEKLY REVUE
(By C. J.)
Hudson Maxim has announced that
he thinks he has invented a device
that will put a good-sized, well-fed
crimp in the submarine menace. Mr.
Maxim says he intends to try out the
device soon on a merchant ship. More
power to ye, Mr. Maxim, but please
don't invite any Bisbee newspaper
men to be abroad that ship when the
test takes place. Of course, the de
vice is probably all to the mustard
and. though we have no doubt but
what it will scare away the torpedo
before it gets to the ship, we cannot
forget the poor, unfortunate individual
who once donned a "bullet-proff" coat
and then went out and made faces
at a Hassayampa bad-man to see if
it would work.
But, on the other hand, if the in
vention is a success, just think bow
nice it will be to get one of Mr. Max
im's captured torpedoes, put it in the
duck pond i8 the back yard, and then
go out in the morning, tickle it un
der the chin, pet its shiny head and
say, "Nice 'ittle torpy; did "oo sleep
well last nightr' wnat a scrump
tious opportunity for the advertising
men. No doubt they will soon be
writing something like this: "Have
you a torpedo in your back yard? We
have a nice supply of tame cnes,
'made in Germany.' Buy one today
and take it home to. the kiddies.. Re
quire no attention, but will bear
watching. We guarantee all our tor
pedoes to be tame, trained, tricky and
treacherous."
LOOK OUT BELOW!
By BRIXKERHOFF.
Regarding Mr. T. Cat
Speaking of pets brinps to mind the
fact that the Maryland legislature
has decided to place a 12 tax on all
cats. It is to be assumed that pole
cats will pay a poll tax under this
law. The Maryland gentlemen claim
that cats are "aiding the enemy," by
tearing up gardens. Them is cruel
woids. gentlemen. We believe ' the
move is ill-advised, for the cat's a
sure to put up a holler all over the
country, and if they holler any louder
than have been for the last 20 years
if will be impossible to sleep.
We believe it would be much bet
ter, if cats are really aiding the en
emy,, to place them in interment
camps. The Mohave desert would
make an excellent site for such
camps. Then some Etna bnarpBnooter
could get a machine gun and acci
dentally turn it loose in the bunch
and forget to stop pulling the trig
ger until the last "alien enemy" was
Mead. Or. better yet, if the cats are
to be killed, locate the internment
camps in the Catskill mountains.
Some doubt is expressed as to the
tax on cats. Donrting Thomases
claim It VoulCbCT .repetition: f the
old offense: "taxation without repre-
entation." but IfTtfiere is a single
cat that can honestly say he has nev
er raised his voice in the affairs of
his immediate neighborhood, let him
step forward and hang his head in
shame. The Maryland law is a good
one. Skat!
- rirrr- - i
Refuses to Stay Dead. '
.Reports were received from Petro
grad Friday night denying the rumor
that an attempt had been made to
assassinate M. Kerensky. one of the
new government officials. Hhm!j
What's the matter with Russia? This
is the first time in history they have
even denied a rumor of an attempt
at assassination. M. Kerencky may
be a good official but he is sure is
a bum press agent. He should know
that to be a political figure in Rus
sia he must have at least seventeen
attempted assassinations, bombs, pre
ferred, as it sounds more thrilling to
read about them. I
Maybe You Can Sneeze It.
According to word fom Petrosrad.
arious attempts have been made to
ssassinite General Kryvschffflskyo
icth during the recent revolution.
This is indeed deplbration. Just think
of the hardship it would be for tha j0y these services.
FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH.
Bible school, 10 o'clock a. in.: L. T.
Frazier, Supt
Preaching and communion. 11 a. m..
solo by Dr. S. M. Fields, of Pomona.
Cal. Morning subject. "The Operation
of the Holy Spirit on the Hearts of
Men."
Preaching services, 7:45 p. m.
Choir practice, Wednesday evening.
7:30 p. m. Mrs. Oscar Rudig, musical
director.
Christian Endeavor, 6:30 p. m.
Everybody is invited to come and en-
W. S. Deatherage,
II ) Your k
I HELP H 1
Jf ) Yourself jl
ttle Russian news kids, who would
have to run up and down the streets
shouting: "Extree paperovich! All
aboutsky the assassination of General
Kryvschfffskyovicth!"
It must be fierce to have a name
like that especially if you siioum
only have a couple of hours time and
anted to sign a . meal ticket But
the general probably has one consol
ing thought no one else will ever
ry to sign. his name to check.
Vica La France.
Word was received early in the
eek that Marshal Joffre and Premier
Vivian! had arrived safely in Franca
on their return from a trip to this
country. The peculiar thing about
those two Frenchmen is that every
one supposed they were on their way
to Kansas City. While the residents
of the famous packinghouse metrop
olis were decorating up the stocK-
ards and learning the soon-to-be-
made-inlo-pork pigs to squeal in
French when the train bearing thq
wo distinguished Frenchmen arrived.
the gentlemen in question were On
beard some ship that was gaily co
vorting across the dear ol' Atlantic.
Even the newspapers of the country
outllshed accounts of Joffre s trip to
Kansas City after the grand old man
had left for his native land, the land
f the ruddy French and the mnddy
trench. Dawgone it: vun cam De-
ieve nothin in them newspapers any
more!
Pastor.
DR. DURFEE LEAVES. i
Dr. R. B. Durfoe, the well-known ;
local physician will represent the city 1
of Bisbee at the meeting of the Red j
Cross War Council which will take i
place in Los Angeles, ou the 31t of j
May. He left last nizht r-n the Golden !
State Limited for the city of the An- j
gels. Every city of Importance iu the j
west will be represented. Some of the i
most prominent men west of the Mis- j
sissippi river will represent such '
cities as San Francisco, Seattle, Den-,
ver and others. i
Does This Hit You?
On reading that the army draft bill j
had been passed and signed by the
'resident many persons have won-;
en d just who is subject to draft. One 1
local comedian, (it is alleged), has
answered the question briefly. He ,
said: "Any perhon sleeping witli his,
mouth ujf u is subject to draft"
GUM
For
Graduation Gifts, Dainty,
Wrist Watches, Sterling Sil
ver and Gold Vanity Cases,
Beautiful Lavallieres, Gold
Mounted Fountain Peris and
a profusion of other depend
able merchandise at prices
which are consistent with
quality.
L. L. GILMAN
Why You Should Subscribe
To The liberty Loan"
BECAUSE your Government needs your support your financial
support your moral support
BECAUSE the Loan must be an overwhelming success it must
be fully subscribed to furnish the money needed it
Must be oversubscribed to thoroughly discourage tha
Enemy.
BECAUSE every American is individually responsible for tha
welfare of his Country at this, the most critical time in
'its history.
We urge the necessity of subscribing to the "Liberty Loan" now.
To delay your Duty is to joepardize the Honor of Your Country.
SO ?
ilfl
With Money
That's the way wealth has been gained ever since the
world started.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is making money for you with the four per cent,
interest which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT
GROW!
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona.
Will E. McKee, President C. A. McDonald, Cashier
O. W. Wolf. Assistant Cashier.
THE DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 27, 1917.
FIVE
mpvto STTOWS TODAY SAME SPIRIT THAT WON FREEDOM IN '76
V
r
1
r
. .. . ut . ,'-......,-.' .'. . :.',a!a ii.miiiiill7 ml-nigl
The spirit of 1776 and the spirit of 1917.
AMERICANS HELD
PRISONERS GERMANY
U. S. Citizens Held By Teu
tons Are Reported To Be
Suffering From Hunger and
Hardships.
(By Review Leased Wire)
GF.VEVA. May 26, - via Tari;;.
4.3 J p. m.) The Associated Press
is informed tlmt the tJeneva Rod
Cross has received thus far the names
of ninety-seven American prisoners in
Germany. The list hasbeen forward
ed to Washington. - The majority of
the American prisoners are sailors
from captured ships who were taken j
before the declaration of a state of
war, between the United States and
Germany and therefore, it is claimed,
6hou!d. according to international
law, be released. . Nevertheless Ger
many u retaining them as hostages.
The American prisoners are interned
In two camps and are treated under
the same severe, regime as are Brit
ish prisoners. The British prisoners
receive parcels of foofl from home
but the Americans are suffering from
hunger and from lack or necessities.
It is claimed they are treated badly.
VILLA IS REPORTED
HEADEDFOR OJINAGA
Bandit Leader And 150 Fol
lowers Reported To Have
Been 20 Miles From Chihua
hua Thursday.
(By Review Leased Wire).
JUAREZ, May 26. Francisco Villa
and 150 of his ragged troops cossed
the Orient Railroad at Aldama sta
tion, 20 miles northeast of Chihuahua
Thursday, Mexican passengers who
arrived at the border here said today.
Villa was goiug in the direction of
Ojinaga, opposite Presidio, Texas.
A report was received here late to
day that the special tran carrying
Mrs. Francisco Murguia, wife of the
military commanders at Chihuahua
City, had been delayed at Villa Ahu
mada because of bandit activities near
there. Mrs. Murguia was returning
home foni a visit to General Jose Car
los Murguia, her brother-in-law here.
ARCH-DUKE WILL NOT
HEAD NEW MINISTRY
(By Review Leased Wire).
'.AMSTERDAM, May 26 (Via London,
9:25 p. m.). A telegram to the Weser
Zeitung from Budapest says Arcb
Duke Joseph, owing to constitutional
reasons, under no circumstances wi:;
become head of the new Hungarian
ministry. The arch-duke's mission, it
is said, will be to find a solution o
the ministerial crisis.
TEXAS RANGER'S FATE
IS IN HANDS OF JURY
(By Review Leased Wfre).
EL P.SO, May 26. The jury in the
trial of Teras R;iner Will B. Sands,
which wtirod late today, was locked
in the jury room at midnight tonight.
Court officers had little hope of a
j verdict tonight. Sands is charged
iwith murder in connection the killing
Jof Sergeant Owen Bierne, of the 23d
I United States Infantry. September 21,
! 1916 while at tempting to rescue a sol
Idier from a saloon.
Sutton Leaves to
Enlist As Private
Herbert V. Sutton, for more than
a year Associated. Press telegraph
operator in the Daily Review office,
left early this morning for EI- Paso,
where he will enlist either in the en
gineers' or signal corps as a private.
Several weeks ago "Sut," who has
seen five years' service in the Phil
ippines with the signal corps, re
ceived- word from Washington, D. C,
that he had been authorized to take
an examination 'for a commission in
the signal corps at Fort Sam Hous
ton. "Sut" immediately resigned in
order to be ready to leave at any min
ute. Last week he was notified to
appear for physical examination be
fore an army board at Douglas. "Sut"
took the examination and passed fine,
with the exception of being five
pounds under weight. He was offi
cially notified yesterday that this
would prevent him from taking the
examination for a commission.
"Sut" immediately purchased a tic
ket for El Paso.
"I'm going to get in this war and
I'm ready to go as a private. I've
been a private before and I'm willing
to be one again," said "Sut" as he
prepared to leave last night
He has hundreds of sincere friends
in this city who wish him the hest
of luck and all are certain that if it
eve rcomes to a "pinch" "Sut" will
stick to his signal corps wire and
serve his country in spite of artil
lery fire, hand grenades of gas bombs.
P
U?3 Aluminum Six w;h Magnetic Gear Shifl
$2150
Delivered Here
O much has been said in adver
tising about easy riding quali
ties in motor cars that the
public takes all statements on this
subject with a grain of salt.
We know of no way to tell you
how smoothly Premier rides. It
simply can not be told. It must be
experienced first hand. May we take
you out for a little ride? T.6 I
GENERAL ACOSTA AND
ELEVEN FOLLOWERS
REPORTED KILLED
(By Review Leased Wire).
DOUGLAS, May 26. General Jose
Maria Acosta, Colonel Ernesto Silvas
and eleven other members of a band
claiming affiliation with Francisco
Villa, were killed by a Carranza cav
alry force of 60 men under command
of Colonel Jose Aunchetta, at Nacori
Chico, 160 miles southeast of Doug
las, May 20, according to arrivals her$
today.
Acosta and his band, who crossed
the border two months ago near
Douglas, raiding a number of small
towns and ranches, were ambushed
in Nacori Chico by the government
forces as they were passing through
the town. Only seven members es
caped, it was said.
w
HAT the banks in
Bisbee and Lowell
will do in order, to help
you buy a Liberty Bond.
We make no charge for buying the bonds.
Should you so desire, we will advance you
funds to buy the bonds upon the following
basis :
Say you wish to obtain a $ 1 00.00 bond. If
you will pay $25.00 down, the balance may be
paid in monthly installments, rate of interest
to be the same as the bands 3 J2 PT cent.
We will allow you interest on your sav-.
ings' account up to the time of withdrawal.
In the event you wish to dispose of your
bonds, we will act for you in selling same with
out charge. They will be listed on all stock ex
changes and should have a broad market.
REMEMBER
These bonds will be convertible for any
subsequent Government Bond issue, - par for
par, which may be issued, if the later issue bears
a higher rate of interest than 3 Yl percent. They
are free from Federal, State and local taxes.
Bonds in denominations as low as $50.00.
BIG SUBSGRIPTiOHS ARE MADE
i i
)) limn
wnn
TO f
1,000.000
lUUU
WORK FUND; ONLY
El IS NEEDED
M
Mr. Arthur Notman, chairman of, books; checkers; chess; dominos, etc
the local War Council Fund of the for indoors; volley ball. basebaJL
V. M. C. A. received word yester
day that two million of the three mil
lion dollars required to carry on the
football for outdoors; motion pic
ture entertainments of all kinds; us
ing camp talent; victrola and piano;
welfare work of the army and navy lectures; educational clases; religious
which teas been assigned 'by the meetings; bible clauses; enlisted
President of the United States as the linens bible and prayer league; scrip
work of the association, had been ! tures distributed; visits to sick; Sun
raised, and urging that the Warren day schools; clean living campaigns;
District gather its quota at the earl-! personal interview s. Secretariea write
lest possible date. The local commit-1 letters for those unable themselves to
tee has visited a poniob of the bus-' write. i -
iness district and met with great en- .Army men are well trained and dis
couragement in me iorm oi a liberal : ciplined, out unfortunately the envir-
response. lnere is no war work that
can appeal as being any more worth
; while than the practical service ren
; dered by the "Y." In giving their
suns to the defense of the nation,
parents do not simply give their
i bodies, but they give into the care
I and keeping of the country their
; minds and their souls. The father
1 who sees his son march away, does
; not wonder; "Will he come back to
us whole in body?" but the question
(that gives him concern and anxiety
is: "Will be come back to us strong
; in will to overcome sin and tempta
tion, and wholesome In morals?"
ons of the army are too often to the
tiaioon and the brothel and the men
are tempted to spend their leisure
time in these surroundings.
Officer Endorse Y. M. C. A.
Officers have gone on record with
the statement that the coming of the
V. M. C. A. to th army has cut the
desertion one-half, and considerably
raised the morale of the troops. The
War Department recognizes the Y. M.
C. A. as one of the most effective
forces in the building up of strong,
clean and efficient manhood in the
posea to continue me solicitation oc
, To Cheer Up Soldiers funds in the district until the full ap-
The work of the Y. M. C. A., how- jportionment baa been raied and with
, ever, is not confined to evangelism ; in the next few days every miner in
: among the soldiers; it is not solely the district will have an opportunity
j concerned with the state of the sol- of doing his "bit" in this worthy
dier's soul. It is concerned that he cause. The probability is. that the
; be supplied with an atmosphere and j man underground will not be called
environment of wholesome character ' upon to go into the trenches, and this
in which he may find diversion and j will afford him the opportunity of ren-
i entertainment, to combat and over-; dtring service by giving of his means.
come the ennui of army routine,
which Is the worst foe to morality.
Pome of the specific things done for
the boy in the training camp and in
the firing line might be briefly enu
merated provides buildings for a
social center; stationery for the men
to "write home;" newspapers and
ATTORNEY LEAVES.
Attorney John Wilston Ross left last
night on the Golden State Limited for
Los Angeles, where he expects to visit
with his family 'for a month or six
weeks.
BOY SCOUTS WILL
LEAVE FOR GAMP
TOMORROW MORNING
one-half of the entire number of local
Scouts, will hike the entire distance.
The provisions and baggage will fol
low in automobiles. The boys scorn
the idea of riding the 18 miles to tht
Springs. The other twenty-four boys
are working, or. are otherwise unable
to make the trip, but expect to be able
to be present ta some later camps. The
Troops 1 and 2. Bisbee Boy Scouts. I0011 Luis tTO was vited join the
with their Scoutmasters, Mr. Limprecht
and Mr. Bruning, and the organizer ..
the torops. Rev, C W. Harshman, will
start on an 18-mile hike for Lewis
Springs, Monday morning at 6 o'clock.
They expect to camp at the Springs ten
days. Twenty-four of the boys, or just
Bisbee boys, but were unable to accept
the invitation. Last year there were
only six boys at the camp.
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
WESTERN UNION
TELEGRAM
RECEIVED AT 156 SD 54 NL
PHOENIX, ARIZJU AY 2 1ST, 1917
FREDERICK OVERFIELD,
7 MAIN ST. BISBEE, ARIZONA
WIRE TODAY FROM NEW YORK INTERESTS
FOR FOUR HUNDRED THOUSAND MICHIGAN
VERDE THIS MEANS QUICK ACTION QUICK
DEVELOPMENT HIGHER PRICES WILL
POSITIVELY BE RAISED TO FIFTY CENTS JUNE
FIRST CLOSE UP ALL UNFINISHED BUSINESS
AT 35 CENTS AND URGE YOUR PEOPLE TO BUY
NOW NEW YORK DEVELOPMENT DOUBTLESS
MEANS ONE DOLLAR PER SHARE ALMOST
IMMEDIATELY
WESTERN COPPER SYNDICATE 1209PM
r
MRS.
E. P. NORTON
Distributor
Lowell,
Arizona
A 'j
t
rf
wrrrir'
INDIVIDUAL BOWLING
TOURNAMENT CLOSES
The individual bowling tournament :
which was held at the Y. M. C. A. dui '
inir the oast two weeks, to pick two .
teams of the best bowlers In Bisbee to j
face the fast Douglas bunch on the j
L'ouglas alleys, came to a close May
l'4th.
Many good scores were made on thb
local alleys during the tournament, and
miich will be expected of rhe tw.
teams during the coining panies. The
names and scores made by the winning
men follow:
First team Millard, 2,022; Roba
than, 1.961: Earl Wittig. 1.951; O. X.
Jones. 1,954; R'Jgers. ,934; Thompson,
substitute.
Secoud' team J. C. B. Amos. 1.9U6;
C. E. Wittig. l,85fi; Drury. 1,953; B.
Tomlinson. 1.684; Atkinson, 1.702,
Dave Ssgich. substitute.
EVANSB8
RELIABLE Ml Jj
J
GAS RANGES
TOWNS ALONG DANUBE
BOMBED BY GERMANS
(By Review Leased Wire).
PKTROGKAI). via Ixindon, May 2fi.
(9:03 p. m.) During the last few
days Gorman aircraft have dropped
liomlm on towns situated in the Dan
ube refiion, indicting many casualties.
A raid on the town of liimail. Bess
arabia, was particularly destructive, a
large number of women and children
beiug killed aud wounded.
Will Use
THIS GAS RANGE
i
In Her Lecture Demonstrations
MONDAY'S MENU 2 p. m. at Woman's Club H ouse.
SALADS Thousand Island Salad Dressing. Roqueford Cheese Salad Dressing. Macaroni Salad.
EGG APPLES Hard boiled eggs are shaped and colored to represent apples and other fruits.
CHEESE DELIGHTS To be served with salad. Several unique individual services of salad will be shown.
COMBINATION SALAD.
SPECIAL FREE BREAD TALK Tuesday at 10 o'clock a. m.
Bisbee Improvement Co.
rT-r-T?jTrjearJ SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 27, 1917.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
(By Review Leased Wire).
(By ReTiew Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. May 26. United
: States Steel achieved a new high rec
ord of 134 In the course of today'
brief but active trading carried
others of its class to top level for
'the current movement. The visoroui
buying extended to coppers, oils, mo
tors and wide varie'v of equipments
and specialties lnclin'ins sugars. A
strinkinjr feature of the latter division
. 'was a 23 point ris in South Torto
.Rico susjar to 2.00.
Rubles slumped abruptly on moier
ate offerings. Backwarduess of rails
'also served to restrain ballish enthu
siasm. i Coppers were assN'.e.l by news that
producers again had advanced quota
tions for the refined metal on ordf-rs
"deliverable during th third quarters
;of the year.
: Total sales of about 773,000 shares
'were in keeping with the activity of
'recent days. Steel " furnished fully
one quarter of the whole.
Important changes In the ban't:
'statement denoted the shifting of
;moneys Incident to the flotation of
the two billion dollar loan. Actual
reserves of local Institutions In their
own vaults decreased by more than
132.000.000, while reserves In the
; Federal bank Increased over $69,000.
?000. The loan expansion of more
than $58,000,000 was traceable In
large part to the great Increase of
;market operations. Kxcess reserves
increased almost $30,000,000 restoring
that iter to above ?17.000.000 against
barely $90,000,000 The first week of
the month.
Ponds were irregular Total sales,
par value, $1,875,000. , United States
bonds were lower by quarter to one
Vent on call during the week.
CHICAGO GRAIN3
CHICA60. May 26. Announcement
that foreigners were getting rid of
some of their future delivery holdings
bad a bearish influence on the wheat
market today. Tbev.outcome was a
beavy close at 4 to 6 net decline.
Corn finished '3 to 6 down and oats
eff to 1.
Bearish influences included an au
thoritative estimate that the total
yield in the United States this season
would be as much as 75.000.000 bush
els. Assertions were current that the
domestic production this season would
be only 4 as against a normal aver
age of 5V4 bushels. Such a reduction
would mean-a saving of about 50,000.
000. bushels.
WISE
Buys At Tbe Opportune Time
A lost opportumtyis A0l3?JLj?y55l?P?P
During the past few years the world has asked you to
invest in its great oil resources, and has sent
out numerous messages to
If you had, you would have made a fortunte
ANOTHER OPPORTUNITY
Arizona'
And Gas Company
At $1.25 Per Share
Treasury shares only are being sold by this company.
We urge you to take advantage of the present
offering of these shaies berore the price is advanced.
DR. F. E. SHINE, Consulting Physician for Copper Queen Mining Co.
W. B. GOHRING, Superintendent of Calumet & Arizona Mining Co.
J. W. HOGAN, Ex-Justice of the Peace, Bisbee, Arizona.
,EMIL MARKS, Manager, Bisbee Lumber Company.
L. R. BAILEY, Postmaster of Bisbee and Lowell.
W. H. LONG, or the C. & A. Mining Company.
HARRY JENNINGS, Treasurer of Higglns Leasing Company.
A. T. SOULE, Manager of Phelps Dodge Mercantile Company.
FRANK HUCKLEBY, of the C. & A. Mining Company.
DAN SEED, of the Real Estate firm of Hogaz. and Seed of Bisbee,
Arizona.
SAM KYLE, well known Attorney at Law.
DR. GEO. D. CRAIG, Prominent Dentist of Bisbee, Arizona.
CALL AND GET OUR OIL BOOK FREE
Thos. F. Barton
v SALES AGENT
Care of Hogan & Seed, Phone 10, Bisbee, Arizona.
LEASED WIRE
I'orn prices fell sharply owing to
'arrival of Argentine corn in New
York and as a result of an Improved
car supply. Oats went lower with
corn; provisions dropped because of
tbe break in grain values.
METAL MARKET
NEW YORK, May 26. Copper f.rm.
electrolytic, spot nd second quarter
31a33: third quarter and later deliv
eries 2Sa30; bar silver 7494.
OATMAN
(By Collins & Breherton)
Bid
Argo :.
Adams '....04
Arizona Rex
Ask
.06
.05
.25
Arizona Tom
R.
04
70
Big Jim
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff ,
Lucky Boy ,
Merry Widow
Oatman Combination
Sunnyside . . .
.05
.15
.05
,J0
106
.13
.20
1.86
4.15
.07
.03
.20
04
.12
Telluride : .
Tom Reed 1.85
United Eastern 4.05
United Northern 03
United Western 02
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden 2.00
2.06
1.37
".23
1.00
.10
:75
1.75
.15
.43
.25
.38
.25
.50
.75
.15
.62
.05
.27
.50
.42
.20
.32
Green Monster 1 25
Butte London 21
Pundee 87
Venture Hill
Pittsburg Jerome 50
Jerome Verde 1.C9 '
Arkansas Arizona 12
Jerome Portland
Inspiration Needles 12
Hull Copper 33
Magma Chief . 12
Wolverton Arizona 1.75
Miami Mother Lode
Verde Combination 50
Miami Consolidated 12
Bisbee Copper ' 50
Butte Arizona
Santa Cruz Bisbee
Jerome Daisy
Nacozari Consolidated . . .
Verde Apex ....
Calumet Oil .'.
GOES TO CALIFORNIA.
Mrs. Fred Goudge left last night on
ttte Golden- Sta'.s Limited for Ukiah,
CaU for an extended visit She will
probably stop over for a two or three
days' visit along tbe road, renewing
old acquaintances.
Oil
STOCKS
Okahoma
CHICAGO SOCIETY
I .:( ..
Pleading for
Society women of Chicago have enlisted in the campaign to raise recru'ts for the mii:.ia
army. This photograph shows one of the women accompanied by oitic-ers of tl.a First Infantry o
to the patriotism of a man she has stopped. Tbe First regiment has added several hjadred no
v.ter with thi? method of recruitine.
ANTI-CONSCRIPTION
ORGANIZATIONS ARE
BEING INVESTIGATED
Attempts To Hinder Purpose
of Nation Result In Indict
ments Being Returned By
Grand Jury.
(By, Review Leaed Wire).
EL PASO, May 26. Circulars have
been received here from Philadelphia
and other eastern cities urging the
recipients to resist conscription and
advising them to stay away from the
registration places on June 5. These
circulars have been turned over to
department of justice agents who are
investing.
Mexican Consul Eduardo SorRano
Bravo today denied that German
agents were responsible fo- e emi
eration pf l"ge numbers of Mexican
laborers from the United States to
Mexico.
AHILENE, Tex., May 26. Seven
persons were indicted here .by a spe
cial federal grand jury on charges of
"unlawful assembly." The indict
ments were returned, federal officials
say, in connection with the probe of
government agents into the activities
of the so-called "Farmers and La
borers Protective' Association," an
anti-conscription organization, several
of whose members were arrested in
Snyder, Texas, last week.
POUEY ENTERTAINS
AT BIRTHDAY PARTY
Popular Constable Tells Play
mates His Secrets of Beau
ty; Tribute To Memory of
"Fritz" Squelched.
Constable Bert Polley entertained
at his borne Friday afternoon in honor
of his thirty birthday. Among
the distinguished personages present
were Night Captain J. A. Kempton,
Deputy Sheriff Red Gannon. Judge
Prank Thomas and Officer Leon H.
Rice. Mrs. Polley, Mrs. Kempton and
little Miss Kempton assisted Bert in
welcoming his guests. Bert, better
known as "ol' pardner." made an ap
proprite speech in which he told his
guests how he still retained his youth
ful beauty in spite of his old age. The
tables were decorated in black, in
memory of Fritz, Red Gannon's, dog,
who committed suicide several davs
ago in the Patagonia mountains. A The Plan to disrupt the association
movement to erect a monument over'WM outlined In a statement issued by
Fritz' grave was started, but was im- Tnos- J- Hicky, president of the or
mediately squelched by Red. who de-j Kanization. Hickey while declining
dared the occasion was not one for Jo make public the name sof persons
sad subjects. . ( alleged to be bark of the movement,
aid that a meetin cof the association
MORE BONDS BOUGHT club owners would be called in the,
Following . the example set by the immediate future and "all members
, will act in concert to defeat such dis-
(By Review Tossed Wire) rupting efforts."
local KnightB of Pythias, Dreadnaught President Hickey's statement in
L. L. L. 210, at its meeting last night.1 part follows:
decided to purchase $200 worth of "It is safe to say that when the
Liberty Loan bonds at once and ex- meeting is called ami all club owners
pressed the hope that all other lodges are present that they, will stand as a
in the district would try and do the.hody and pledge themselves to an
i same.
I
NEGRO IS KILLED IN
NEW YORK RACE RIOT(of the Columbus club, said he tinder-
, 1 stood the plan for the formation of a
(By Review Leased Wire) third major league included disruption
NEW YORK, May 26. A negro was of both the American Association and
shot and killed by. a policeman In a International League,
race riot near 62nd street and Amster-1 The four leading cities in earh or
dam avenue fonight. Another was ganizatlon were to be selected to make
found with a fractured skull in a up the new league, he said,
doorway. In addition to cancelling the series
; of forty-eight games with tte Interna-
NEW YORK. May 26. Bob McAIl- tronal League, the club owners
ister of California knocked out "Mori- pledged themselves to reduce the sal
tant Dan" Sullivan in the fifth round aries of high paid players 25 to 50 per
of their 10 round bout In Brooklyn to- cent Players refusing to accept the
night. Each man weigher 162 pounds reduction will be released.
WOMAN ENLISTS IN RECRUITING CAMPAIGN
-0 i
if
' 4
. W1 .
Old Glory from an automobile in Chicago streets.
AMERICAN WIFE OF
ADMIRAL BE ATT Y IN
BRITISH WAR WORK
f4 V
sr.'"
sir
! -.
Lady David Beatty.
Lady David Beatty, wife of Ad
min" 1 Beatty of the British navy,
wasjrmerly Ethel Field of ago.
She has been taking an active part in
British Red Cross work andis noted
for hpr great beauty.
WM L
TO IE WED
(Bv Review Leased Wire).
CHICAGO. XJy 26. Existence of a
plan to wreck the American Associa
tion and form a third major league
was revealed at a special meeting of
the association here today . The meet
ing was for the purpose of formally
cancelling the Interleague scries of
the International league. The vote
for the cancellation was unanimous.
agreement for the full protection of
the American Association."
Joe Tinker, president and manage.
TO
WRECK
J.
e re, -'a
SAVE YOUR COAL ANO
WIN THE WAR, ADVICE
OF NATIONAL FIGURE i
j
(By Review Leased Wire). j
WASHINGTON, May 26. An an-:
peal to the country's householders to j
save every pound of coal possible and !
thus win the way, was made tonight j
by F. S. Peabody, chairman of the ;
National Board of the Council of Na -
tional Defense. ;
"The pound of coal that you save 1
today, Mr. Citizen." said Mr. Peabody. j
"may contain energy necessary to ,
drive a shell home true to the enemy, j
and spell victory instead of defeat
"The pounds of coal that many Mr. l
Citizens may savf on many days may I
forge the shells that may decide the
war in favor of a world s democracy. ,
-"It is not that we do not have the 1
coal in this country, but it a question
of digging it out of the ground fast
enough and having prompt deliveries
by the railroads at the places wiiere
it is most' needed.
"The proposed day l!ght saving act
immediately would take an hour's bur
den from the street raifways, the elec-I
trie light companies, and the electric
power companies.
"The largest anthracite operator in
the United States says coal is being
stored by over-anxious and selfish peo
ple, dieturbing the natural movement
of this necessary commodity and un-l
duly increasing the price. It is also
the industries essential to the suc
cessful prosecution of the war.
"To the manufacturers I would say
it is time to see what yoti- men are
doing Vith the coal."
LONDON, May 26 (4:40 p. m.). The
Westminster Gazette publishes a mes
sage from a correspondent who says
that the submarine is being mastered
by a simple method, which the cor
respondent indicates is the Invention
of an American.
PUTS THE "HEART"
IN CITY CHARTER
i-lorcncc Alle'i, a ( r.-vc!
().. Iiiwyor. 1 ..'oi.tly .'-cored a not:i
success w hen .-!.c riofc:i!fd t : . : a
the supremo co.u t of Oliio a sutfru re
amendment to the charter of i'.nz
( !i.'vc'!a'-.'i, f,rivi:ii: t!u- voin?n of t.ut
city the biiliot in local electio-s.
M!.? lawyers ti-o'ihout tho ?
contencieti that the anmndment v.as
unconstitutional.
CALIFORNIA MILITARY ACADEMY
Los Angeles, California.
For boys from 6 to 15. 11th year.
V.'w hnildiniTs. luree rampus. fine jrym
nasium. Home training with firm,
kind discipline.
Summer Session: June IS to Sept.
18. Half-day instruction. One month's
vacation at Heach under careful su
pervision. Kates for summer,
per month.
t ? VERDE COPPER -' " ifirt
V"!i - T 5MPANY X"VtiI'!"-'!!''' COPWIICliA
-0 t
'i, : " t t ' , r I I 1 : - ,.r71
r jt,:; v..w EXTENSion
" s -.v.- -'- ' Earain about ... ,
- t ' V Sl.000.000 Er,n..bout
- -V? ' (750.000
f ' ' '" j'' ' moiithlr
Miss I'';riiitf A!!en. ijl
SEVEN THINGS FOR
' MEN TO REMEMBER
I REGISTRATION DAY
(By Review Leased Wire).
j WASHINGTON. M:iy 26. In its
.campaign to stimulate interest in reg
;istration. Jjipe.'-. the army, the War
j Hepartmpili today issued a mmoran
p dum emphasizing the seven cardinal
j points to be remembered particularly
I by men between the ages of 21 and
.".i) inclusive, who will be required to
j register. "The memorandum follows:
"1 There is only one day for ror
itra'ion June 3, 1!17.
J 2 Kveiy male resident of the
I United States who has reached his
I "1st and has not reached his 31st
j birthday, must register on the day set,
I June 5. 1917. The on'y exceptions are
j persons in the military or naval ser
j ricv of the United States, which In
I eludes all officers and enlisted men
jof the regular army, the regillar army
! reserve, the officers' reserve corps,
' the enlisted reserv corps, and nation
i al guard and national guard reseve,
I recognized by the militia bureau of
j the navy, the marine corps, the coast
(guard, the naval reserve, the marine
i corps reserve and other organizations
! exempt.
j 3 Registration is distinct from
1 draft No matter what just claim you
j have for exemption you must regis
iter. Registration is. your public duty.
I For those not responsive to this sense
i of duty, a penalty of imprisonment.
I not a fine, Is provided in the draft
act.
a Those who through sickness
shall be unable to register should
cause a representative to apply to the;
county or city clerk for a copy of thrt
registration card. The cl-rk will give
)nstruct jons as to how this card
shol,id be flPd out. The fard 8h0uld
thPn be miioA by th(k sick pers0n(
or delivere(1 by his aeent- to the g.
istrar of hi9 home district. The sick
perston wm enclose a self-addressed
Ftampod enVPiope to inaure nirn t0
him of hjs recistration certificate,
gAny perpon tQ absent from
hjs yotin? precInct on registration
d Bhou,d app,y as ROon as
Me for a registration card to the
cprk of cQu whw h?
be stopning of lf he in a city
of Q o c)erk Th
, . ... . ..
!i.it?l& n 1 . 1 icluiu tut? ausnris uu iu
card and turn it over to the absen-
tee. The absentee should mail this
! card to the registrar of his home dis
i trict so thai it will reach that offi
j cinl t v registration da A self-ad-
dressed (Stamped envelope should be
! enclosed with the cord to insure the
return to the absentee of a registra
tion certificate.
7 Registration booths will be open
from 7 a. m. to 9 p. m. on registration
day, June 5, 1917.
"ANGELO" BETTER.
Frank Walsh, writing to friends from
Murrieta Hot Springs, states he is feel
ing greatly improved in health.
THAT TUNNEL
The arrow points to about where the new haulage tun
nels and railroads of United Verde Extension are bring
ing transportation to the very door of Great Verde Ex
tension and adding enormously to its value.
NEXT IN THE DIRECT TREND OF THE ORE
JEROME VERDE
has struck
27 per cent
coppT (Uac
Intense activity on twenty neighboring properties is daily adding other
thousands of dollars to the worth of Great Verde Extension.
Already its own road work is completed, Supt. Hubbard is preparing to
start the shaft, and Managing Director Wakeling is attending to the
matter of machinery.
Soon the shaft will be going down, the price of shares going up. and
your opportunity gone.
Buy now at FORTY CENTS.
Bank of Arizona.
Make
CHAS. H. PRAHL, Bisbee Agent
Great V erde Extension
SYNDICATE
General Offices, Second Floor Chamber of Commerce
Building.
Phoenix, Arizona
Michigan Verde!
TODAY 35 CENTS
JUNE 1st 50 CENTS
THE MICHIGAN VERDE. COM
PRISING 535 ACRES OWNED BY
DEED. IN THE HEART OF THE
FAMOUS BILLION DOLLAR CIR
CLE OF THE JEROME DIS
TRICT TODAY STANDS SU
PREME AS THE BEST LOCATED.
THE MOST PROMISING JUNIOR
COPPER BEING OFFERED TO
THE PUBLIC AT ANY PRICE.
MICHIGAN VERDE
ADJOINS THE PROPERTY OF
THE FAMOUS UNITED VERDE.
WHICH HAS PAID DIVIDENDS
TO DATE OF OVER $41,000,000.00
AND IS ESTIMATED TO HAVE
ORE RESERVES OF ABOUT
$500,000,000.00.
MICHIGAN VERDE
ADJOINS THE PROPERTY OF
THE UNITED VERDE EXTEN
SION. THE WONDER COPPER
MINE OF THE WORLD. WHOSE
STOCK HAS ADVANCED FROM
15 CENTS TO AROUND $40 00
PER SHARE DURING THE PAST
THREE YEARS.
MICHIGAN VERDE
HAS A HUGE ACREAGE FOR
A HIGH GRADE DISTRICT. HAS
A LOW CAPITALIZATION: HAS
SIXTY PER CENT OF ITS CAP
ITAL STOCK IN THE TREASURY
FOR DEVELOPMENT PUR
POSES: HAS EVERY INCH O
ITS 535 ACRES DEEDED
STRAIGHT TO THE MICHIGAN
VERDE COPPER COMPANY. AND
UNDER OUR CONTRACT WE
ARE NOT OFFERING FOR SALE
ANY POOL RIGHTS AGAINST
OWNERSHIP OR PROMOTION
STOCK.
MINERS
EMPLOYED IN THE NORTH
WEST STOPES OF THE UNITED
VERDE MINE HAVE MADE THE
UNQUALIFIED STATEMENT
THAT THE ORE BODY IN
WHICH THEY ARE WORKING
WAS HEADED DIRECTLY FOR
THE PROPERTY OF THE
MICHIGAN VERDE
A NO JEROME MINERS
BOUr.HT 90 PER CENT. OF THE
MICHIGAN VERDE STOCK THAT
HAS BEEN SOLD. WHY? BE
CAUSE THEY BELIEVE AS WE
DO. THAT MICHIGAN VERDE
TODAY STANDS SUPERIOR AS
THE BEST UNDEVELOPED COP
PER PROPERTY IN THE JER
OME DISTRICT.
BUY TODAY AT 35 CENTS
AFTER MAY 31ST 50 CENTS
Frederick OverfielcL Agent.
Office With I. W. Wallace No. 7
Main Street
BISBEE. ARIZONA.
WESTERN COPPER SYNDICATE
PHOENIX. ARIZONA.
We are paying good prices
for hides.
ARIZONA JUNK CO.
Lowell, Arizona.
S
20O FT. IN CHEAT VEROE
EXTENSION W1L1. EQUAL.
7SO It. hi DuHiM-AHxaM
1030 H. to Jmomt Vrti.
1200 ft. im U. V. Exteui-a
1400 II. im U. V. CiUniM
100 ft. U Limit. Vrd
DUNDEE-ARIZ.
Now mhippinf
I to I pr rent
copper from bir
surface deposit
GREAT VERDE
EXTENSION
NEXT IN LINE
FOR
THE ORE
checks payable to The National THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 27, 1917.
SEVEN
APE AMIES opttjvp r-r -
r "7- t
tin AO AH A VV
Krushcyo
a 1 ' Kmur
.fibers
Monastic
15
M X
n
'.NIAHPf
sreOKO
CM?0 VODENA
tlOAQOSSANTet
FLOflJNA
rBiKasrA Kathanitzj?
" IT Jmn1. - I fVJIfLM..
Wr 1 B
LAPSSTArl SZXaTCJIinA'
PALAKKtL
9
r .
5AUSW
I 'HIM II II
d-TX 34 Vo..
j """FA L W OX
f VV ; Vw
...s-... .1 ' . , N,N
' SC.ZS.
aggaa-'a y, i r n r a vi.- 'J'Si..iJ
g. r-' J iif
The battle i-nc iar
SIX ILLINOIS TOWNS
WRECREDBY TORNADO
(Continued From Page One)
CHILDREN OF FAMOUS FOOD EXPERT
followed the wind hampered the work
of rescue and late in the night per
sons were being dug from the ruins
nf wrecked buildings. City officials
asserted there Is a possibility that the
death list may be materially Increased.
Pew reDOrts from farms were not
available but it was not believed the
damage anywhere in this vicinity wns
as great as in Mattoon.
Strange Pranks.
In addition to pleas for doctors and
nurses the mayor sent an emergency
call to Got. Lowden for at least two
companies of national guards to be
used in policing the ruins.
The wind played many strangs
pranks, scantling from the lumber
yard passing entirely through a home
in which the family was dinins.
speeding through tae air over their
heads and out through the window
without Injuring any cf the diners.
Wire and rail traffic was practically
at a standstill for hours after the
disaster, miles of telegraph poles in
each direction from Mattoon being
levelled.
The T. W. Clark Mfg. Co.. in whose
plan 100 men were at work at the
time of the tornado, suffered the heavi
est property damage, the loss being
estimated at $200,000. That none of
tlje workmen were killed was one of
the freaks of the storm.
Pending arrival of guardsmen, for
patrol duty, 100 citizens weresworn
in as special policemen.
Reports from the surrounding sec
tion indicates that the storm, passing
over the citv from west to east, did
heavy property damage and caused
loss of life from a distance of 30 miles
in each direction.
SPRINGFIELD. Ills., May 27. Ad
vices from the Mattoon Star at one
o'clock this morning stated, that 42
bodies had been recovered from the
wreckage of the tornado at that hour.
Sixty more persons will be found
dead beneath the wreckage of their
homes, the Mattoon authorities esti
mated. The dead are mostly working
people, killed when 500 homes were
destroyed. A fire followed the tor
nado but was said to fcave done only
little damage comparatively.
' 4
" S" , 9 , 4
J 3 v - V ' i.
111
3 "rS
ii
.i y W. Viley, Jr. (left), and John Preston Wiley.
. :s: '. lacs are the sons of Dr. Harvey W. Wiley, probably the
friv.c-- ... tpert in America. They are practical examples of their
: s t .-.i.i.iii aad are probably the most carefully fed children in the
caused heavy property losses through
cut the county.
CHARLESTON STRUCK.
DECATUR. Ills., May 26. Charles-'
ton. Ills., ten miles east of Mattoon,
suffered a loss of 33 known dead and
many injured in today's tornado which
swept eastward aftfr destroying' a
large part of Mattoon.
The report was sent from - Mattoon
tonight by a reporter for the Decatur
Herald, who said the loss in Charles
ton might prove to be greater than
that in Mattoon.
The stcrm damaged both business
and the residential quarters of
Charleston. This information was
carried to Mattoon by a resident
Charleston who was seeking aid for
the stricken residents of his commun
ity.
All wires to Charleston were down
HEBRON WIPED OUT.
LIMA, Ohio, May 26. Erie railroad
officials here report Hebron, Indiana,
on the Vandalia. 50 miles from Chi
cago, wiped out by tornado. A relief
train Is being sent to Koutze, the
nearest town.
100 BLOCKS WRECKED.
SPRINGFIELD, Ills., May 26. Ad
jutant General Dickson was notified
at 2 a. m. today that the Effingham
troops had reached Mattoon. Captain
W, V. Austin telephoned General
DickBon that from 75 to 100 persons
were killed, 300 seriously injured, and
that 100 blocks of buildings and houses
had been destroyed.
GO TO COAST.
Mrs. Ratcliffe, of this city, left last
night accompanied by the family for a
summer's visit to tTktah, Cal., and oth
er coast points. They will return in
the fall.
INDIANA TOWN WRECKED.
HEBRON. Ind.. Mav 26. The vil
lage of Kouts was virtually destroyed!
by a tornado which swept Porter
county late today. The comm Unity,
which has a population of 500, was
cut off from communication. The storm
LEAVES FOR OLD HOME.
Mrs. W. J. Granville left this morn
ing to spend the summer in Michigan
with relatives. Mrs. Granville is re
turning to Michigan after a thirty
year abnewe.
AMERICAN MISSION
TO STUDY HEALTH
PROBLEMS ABROAD
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. May 26. The Rocke
feller Foundation ( announced today
that Dr. Livingston Farrand. presi
dent of the University of Colorado
had been granted a year's leave of
; absence to undertake a campalgr
against tuberculosis in France under
the auspices of the national healtr
board of the foundation.
Hard Work Ahead
BOULDER. Colo.. May 26. Thf
whole public health problem oi
Fiance is to be undertaken by thf
mission which he will head. Dr. Liv
ingston Farrand, president of the Uni
versity of Colorado announced to
night. The mission, which include
two or three of the best known tuber
culosis experts of the country, is be
ing sent hy the Rockefeller founda
tion and. Dr. Farrand said, will co
operate directly with the French gov
j'ernment
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
WINS FIRST BATTLE IN W AR WITH GERMANY WITH SINGLE SHOT
I'he Mongolia.
i
The honor ct vnnning the first sea t;stt! in the war with Germany fell to this American teim?i v
(runners destroyed a fubmarine in two mir.utes nc?r 1 1-e coust of England. The naval gunners to:i-!
vetiel made a citan hit at 1,10 J yaiu, jt as iLt L'-Loat vai about to but a torptido.
WESTERN PRODUCERS
PROTEST INCREASE
IN FREIGHT RATES
Interstate Commerce Commis
sion Hears Vigorous Objec
tions To Granting Rail
roads' Request
(By Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON, May 26. Food
nroducers and other shippers oppos
ing the request of the railroads for
a general fifteen per cent increase in
feiiht rates began today by the pre
sentation of their case to the- inter
state commerce commission. During
the day's hearing several trade bodies
also submitted evidence on the side
of the roads.
Representatives of western food
producers and jobbers fruit jar and
bottle interests, natural ice manufac
turers of New Jersey and Chicago,
and the Colorado Grange appeared in
opposition to any increase. Those
who supported the plea of the roads
that an increase is justifiable were
the Chicago Traffic Commission, the
National Industrial Traffic League,
the Boston Chamber of Commerce,
and a committee representing Sioux
City. Iowa, commercial interests. Thaj
western food producers emphasized
that no additional cost had been
placed at this time on food products,
and declared a fifteen per cent rate
increase would disturb all existing ad
justments between distributing cen
ters as well as many future contract
in canned goods and dry cereals.
Already they said, their products
had sustained an advance of 23 per
cent since 1914. L. A. Kinney, speak
ing for the Western Fruit Jobbers
and the National League of Commis
sion Merchants , composed of 30.000
growers, distributors and shippers,
said the proposed increase would fall
heavily on the whole industry, and
George J. Kindel. representing the
Colorado Interests. frop-K.d that an
increase of one cent per hundred
pounds would be more equitable The
problem Is not one of higher or low
er rates but of differentials, Mr. Kin
del said, contending that Denver
would be discriminated a;ainst under
a fifteen per cent general inrretse.
"Our people sre not' roin? to stand
for it," he said, "although It proba
bly would suit the sugar tri'st, which
seems to get what it warts."
jLEAVES FOR HOME.
Mrs. Josephine Harvey left yester
'day for her home in California, after
spending the winter months with her
'son, Ross Moon, of Warren.
Santa Catalina Islands
Enjoy your summer outing at this beautiful isle of the Pacific,
where the air is delightful and where the Bathing, Boating and Fishing
cannot be surpassed.
BAND CONCERTS and DANCING, beginning June 30th, free only
to the patrons of the Wilmington Transportation Company (Banning
Line), operating steamer "Cabrl.lo" and "Hermosa."
The ideal resort at which to spend your vacation.
ISLAND VILLA and CANVAS CITY are special feature. Good
accomodation at moderate rate.
BANNING COMPANY, Agents.
104 Pacific Electric Building. Los Angeles, California.
Quality Mining Equip
Neaos Economy
lent
Quality Equipment in your mine will per
form honestly, steadily, reliably.
It will stand up best under the hardest
strains, working day and night if necessary
with the least possible care and attention.
It will not be necessary to shut down for
repairs as often as leu efficient machinery.
The repairs necessary to higher grade ma
chine will be a noticeable reduction in your
operating expenses. .
Numberless features of this character,
that seem to be small and insignificant on
the surface, soon will demonstrate the econ
omy of using only the highest quality ma
chinery throughout your property.
In your every machinery need, let Schweit
zer figure with you. Immediate shipments
from stock, nearness to your property which
prevents exasperating, costly delays, prompt,
interested attention to your requests and
wants, means service as a whole that you
cannot improve upon elsewhere.
WIRE, WRITE OR PHONE.
.Schweitzer MacWne Co.
Mining, Power and Irrigation Machine!)
135 So. Sixth Avenue TUCSON, ARIZONA.
Review Want Ads for Results
' '
The Studebaker SIX
Economy a Reason for Its Leadership
THE Studebaker SIX is economical
to buy because its first cost is com
paratively low.
The Studebaker SIX is economical to
operate because its splendid quality
reduces maintenance costs to a mini
mum. In ratio to power it is one of the most
economical cars on the market in con
sumption of gasoline.
It is not only light in weight, but so
perfectly balanced that Studebaker own
ers frequently get from 8,000 to 10,000
miles on a single set of tires.
Repair parts may always be obtained at
convenient coast branch houses at rela
tively low prices.
The Studebaker SIX is economical to
own because in ratio to first cost, a
Studebaker has an unusually high second
hand value.
That is why, as official registration fig-
ures prove, more Studebakers are sold on
the Coast and in the Rocky Mountain
States than any other cars costing over
$500.
If economy is a consideration with you.
follow the example of thousands of other
motor-wise Westerners buy a Stude
baker. Let us demonstrate to you the quality
and economy of a Studebaker car.
Let us show you its splendid power and
easy riding comfort.
Call or telephone today for Studebaker
demonstration.
r-i'ir-CyKnder Models
:OU.1 . .-adt-tcr . . . $1J3
VI!; R Z c-mring Car . . 985
?OL'H. : ,:Uti Roadster . 115
FOJ Svery-Weather Car 1185
Ml print I. o. h. Dttroii
BISBEE AUTO COMPANY
(The Pioneer Garage)
PHONE 5.
SIX Roaitstci f t -
SIX Touring Cat
SIX Landau Roadster . !'
SIX Touring Sedan . ITit
SIX Coupe I?Sat
SIX Limousine .... Iioo
All pnttsf. Dttmt EIGHT.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 27, 1917.
C
Orpheum Theatre
CONTINUOUS TODAY CONTINUOUS TODAY
COMMENCING 1 : 15 P. M.
BIG DOUBLE ATTRACTION
THE MUTUAL FILM CORPORATION
PRESENTS CRANE WILBUR AND ALL STAR CAST
."" The Painted Lie"""
Pathe Presents "Our Fighting Forces"
THE FILM ENDORSED BY THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT FOR AID
IN RECRUITING.
SHOWING ALL ARMS OF SERVICE IN ACTION.
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
'the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, Phone 39.
We can show you htw you can spend
many interesting evenings at home If
you own a Piano, talking machine or
one of our many musical instruments.
Terms to suit. The Lowell Jewelry
Shop. Adv. 677
GRADUATION
Now is the time to be thinking of
graduating and commencement pre
sents. You will find that an excellent
display at The Lowell Jewelry Shop.
i Adv. 578
COOKING LESSON.
A large crowd of ladles was present
at the cook i tie lesson, which was being
'conducted by Mrs. Edna Evans, the
j noted expert on cookery, at the Y. V.
C. A., yesterday afternoon. Mrs. Evans
gave many useful receipes on culinary
art, and gave a lecture on domestic
science.
C. Q. BAND TO DOUGLAS.
i The Copper Queen Band of Bisbee
today will make a pilgrimage tv tiio
Smelter City and offer there some of
;the good music which is the portion
of local people every week from this
organization. The band will play a
concert at the City Park and will alsc
play in other parts of Douglas, after
which the entire band will make a visit
to and thi'ough the smelters.
1C
.On
Theatre.
3 Days Commencing
Monday Hay 28th
The only production of its kind in the world the only photo-drama actually photo
graphed at the bottom of the ocean, amidst huge charging sharks, the feared tigers of the
mighty deep. .'
The production that required more than two years in the making at a cost exceed
. ing a half million dollars.
.The dream of the wildest romancer outdone. , -
The production that reveals to the people of the earth, the strangest sights of the
ocean's depths ; sights that for thousands o f centuries have been denied to mankind.
TULES VERNE'S
2000 LEAGUES
UNDER THE SEA
YOU WILL SEE The swiftest dramatic action hair raising battles thrilling
escapes fearless attacks all at the very bottom of the ocean. You will see Jules
Verne's dream surpassed. You will witness sights that up to the present day no man of '
the earth has ever set eyes upon.
YOU WILL SEE The death grapple between giant octupus and pearl diver, (the
only motion picture of its kind in the world) showing an octupus and a man in ferocious
battle on the ocean's bottom,
YOU WILL SEE The strange funeral procession wending its way to the grave
yard of Captain Nemo. "
YOU WILL SEE The daring crew of the submarine Nautilus leave the boat from
its underside, to battle with the strange inhabitants of the deep.
YOU WILL SEE The Nautilus rise from its ocean bed to battle with the U. S.
Ship Abraham Lincoln, . - ' '
YOU WILL SEE Captain Nemo's magic submarine window, and view with the
Captain's guests the amazing panoramas of the deep, more fascinating than anything
on the face of the earth. .
YOU WILL SEE Captain Memo's party exploring the ocean's bed with the new
diving apparatus requiring neither air hose nor life line. '
YOU WILL SEE Ned Land, the famous harpooner attempt to destroy the dread
ed monster from the foredecks of the Abraham Lincoln.
YOU WILL SEE The hair raising combat between divers and giant sharks. .
Don't Miss This! The Greatest Picture
Sensation of the Century
RESERVED SEATS ON SALE AT ORPHEUM BOX OFFICE. ADMISSION
25, 35, SO AND 75 CENTS.
SHIEDELER'S AUTO SERVICE
Ford cars equipped with Shock Ab
sorbers. They ride easy, long trips.
Solicited 20 cents per mile, make spe
cial trips to Cananea. Bisbee phone.
Central Pharmacy, 450. Lowell phone.
Central Drug, 222. Adv. 930.
Warren Volunteer Fire Department
Dance at Vista Park, May 30,1917;
danplng from 8:30 to 11:30. Come all
and help the firemen. Adv. 145
! A car every hour, Bisbee to Doug
l las. Good cars and careful drivers.
American Stage Line. Phone 366.
i R. R. WATCH INSPECTORS
j Let us be be your inspector. We re
jpalr jewelry of all kind. Work guar
ianteed. Lowell Jewelry Shop. Adv.
j 576
I HIGH SCHOOL DANCE.
i The alumni of the Bisbee high school
gave a big hop to the graduating class
of the high school last night It is a
regular affair, given every year, and
was attended by a big crowd.
MRS. TITUS BETTER.
Mrs. S. A. Titus, of School Hill, who
has been confined at the C. & A. hos
pital by serious illness, has improved
to the extent that she was able IV be
removed to her home Friday. . Her sis
ter, Mrs. Edward Salveson, of, Oro
Grande, X. M., is visiting her at thb
present time.
Expert repairing on fine watches
and jewelry, diamond setting, engrav
ing and. general repairing. Mintoo,
the postoffice jeweler, Lowell.
- Advertisement 343
Seven passenger touring car leaves
Tombstone daily, upon arrival of Bis
bee stages, for Nogales, fare $5.50, 25
pound baggage limit. Adv. 317
THE HOUSE OF COMFORT
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
: f THE LURE OF THE WILD
Overcomes the girl and makes her give up certain suc
cess in the city for happiness and peace among the
forest", This is
JOAN SAWYER Who With STUART HOLMES
Has the lead in the new WILLIAM FOX Photoplay
LAW
The all-absorbing story of a woman's primitive instinct.
10 AND 15 CENTS
ADMISSION
SNOW BALL ICELESS COOLER
A marvelous invention that keeps
feted without ice. Demonstration daily
in front of Royal theatre, Miin ttreet
Order one now. Adv. (713)
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE'
Irwin Studio, Main Street 857
Advertisement.
SERIOUSLY ILL.
Word has been received from Miami
that John Gleeson, the well known pio
neer and mining man, after whom the
town of Gleesnn was named, is serious
I;ly ill at the Miami L'Jspital from a bad.
' : .. c .
TO LEAVE TUESDAY.
Dr. S. M. Fields, a government In
spector f Pomona, CaL, who has been
in the Warren District for the -past
three weeks on federal business, will
leave Tuesday morning for hts home.
He expressed a great liking for Bisbee,
and promises to return at an earyl
date for a more extended stay.
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
Stage Line.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
daily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co.. Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time dally. 939
(Advertisement)
Undelivered tailored-made pants
$4.50 and up. B. F. Millard, Allen Blk.
Adv.-542
TO OPEN CAMP.
Miss Moyer, secretary of the Y.
Mr. Gleeson sustained a bad fall at i- A- spent rxiaay ana oiuru, we
th KnnKPvelt Dam. and pomnllcations iHuachuca mountains, arranging fjr
resulting from the same set in. ca us- i the girls' summer camp.
ing his present sickness..
Watch window for weekly special
sale. B. F. Millard, Allen Blk. Adv. 863
SULPHUR.
We are closing the sales on the Sul
phur lots. Company starts the drilling
at an early date. For full particulars
see F. Briggs & Co., E. B. Mason Bldg.,
Lowell. " Adv. 150
TIGERS TO PLAY.
I The Copper Queen assayers' baseball
team of the Twilight League is sched
uled to meet the fast Gardner mm.,
team Monday afternpon on the Czar
field. The assayers v have been clean
ing up everything in sight the last few
'sessions, and the game is expected to
be a humdinger, Youngman will bo
on the mound for the assayers and
Hibbet will be on the heaving end for
the Gardner Tiger,-
3
TODAY It's a Bluebird TODAY
ySflflOs
The Psychology of a' Woman's Soul
oooC
TAR THEATRE
GO
OCO
KILZOL KILLS VERMIN
JCilzol exterminates bed bugs, no
stain, no unpleasant todor. Central
Pharmacy, Bisbee. Adv. 293
Dr. Playfair. Osteopath, violet ray
electric treatments, 98 Mason Hill,
Mason Hill car stop. Phone Blue 647.
Advertisement, 231
RECRUITING ACTIVE.
C. F. Weber, chief quartermaster in
. 1 . n t k n I. ...(n. In nA
i icapacity of recruiting tofficer for the
Warren District, as well as Douglas
and Tombstone, reports that Bisbee Is
showing up remarkably well jn the
number of acceptances for the service.
He states that out of 207 applicants
for the navy in the El Paso district, of
which Bisbee is a part, there were 'only
3,87 rejections, as against about l.OUO
,out of more than 1,400 applicants m
i New York City. Bisbee bpd tone rejec
jtion out of every eight applicants. The
remarkable showing made is probably
j accounted for by the fact that in the
western coutnry the men lead a tree
and easy outdoor life.
OUR $20 SUITS '
are as good as any at $30. - Miller's
Shirt and Hat Shop. Main St. Adv.
Make your trip to Douglas a pleas
ure. Travel the Wlnton way. Phone
98. Adv. 332
FOR SALE.
One hundred tons tea green Alfalfa
G. Hubbard, of Bowen &
Hubbard.
Adv. 144
Ride
Bisbee
on the American Stage Line,
to Douglas. Phone 368.
Advertisement.
UP-TO-DATE CORSET PARLOR
All corsets fitted and satisfaction
uaranteed. Price from $2.00 up. Ex
luslve agent for Goodwin La Camille
nd Cos sard corsets. Ines Guernsey,
jetson Hbtel.'room 17. Phone 559.
Adv. 713
DIES FRIDAY NIGHT.
Mrs. Bozo Drovlch died last nii;ht ax.
the Copper Queen hospital. No ar
rangements have been made for the
funeral pending the arrival of her
bi'Jther from the east
Sewing machines sold, rented, ex
changed and repaired. Supplies. Sing
er Sewing Machine Co., Upper Main
street, opposite Quality Hill Car stop.
Phone 332. Adv. 684
NEW CAR FOR HIRE.
Outside trips a specialty. Careful
river. Rates reasonable! Phone Red
815. Adv. 82
Travel to Douglas the Wlnton w iy
on the new stage. Cars leave Copper , chines
Hay from Salt River Valley. See W.j Queen Hotel on te hour. Fare $1.25.
Advertisement 332
THE SINGER SEWING MACHINE
CO. has several bargains in used ma
Upper Main St Phoue 332.
Adv. 303
Attend the Big Benefit Dance to be
P. J. McCullough, contractor andjglven Tuesday, May 29th, 1917, at
builder, phbne 820, Box 934. Retaining Eagles' Hall, under auspices of Musi
walla and sidewalks are my specialty, clans' Local. Big orchestra. Come
Adv. 359 and have a good time. Adv. 209
LEAVE FOR COAST.
Mrs. Mary Simpson, of this city, left
Friday . night, accompanied by her
daughter, June, for an extended trip
to the coast. They expect to be gone
the greater part 'jf the summer, during
which time they will visit the principal
resorts of the coast.
The Adawana
Camp Fire girls, with their guardian.
Mrs. Henry Poppen, leave early Mon
day morning. Miss Marie Bartletfor
the Bisbee High school, will be in
charge of the camp for the season.
The camp this year will be in Miller
Canyon. Mail for the girls should be
addressed to Garces, Ariz., In care of
the Y. W. Camp.
MEMORIAL DAY OFFERINGS.
All kinds of cut flowers and floral
pieces. Special designs for Memorial
Day purposes Harry Sealey, LowelL
Adv. (649)
CATHOLIC LADIES' DANCE.
Don't forget the Catholic Ladies'
Dance, City Park, June 5. Adv. 300
REPAIRING BLOCK.
Grandma" Anna Hughes, one of the
oldest pioneers in the Warren District,
and owner of the Hughes Block in this
city, which was damaged by fire some
months ago. Is personally supervising
the rebuilding and decorating tot the
block. Mrs. Hughes is 76 years of age.
and Is hale and hearty and Just as spry
as she was thirty years ago.
SCHIDELER'S AUTO SERVICE.
Ford cars, equipped with shock ab
sorbers. Local and country trips solic
ited. Union prices. Single trips,
four people tto Cananea and return.
$22.00; four people to Ramsey lanyou.
stay all day, $15.00. Phone 366. Ask
fnr Shldeler's cars and Central Phar
macy 450. Adv.
THE B. OF A. Y. OF DON LUIS
Will serve Ice cream and cake at the
Lundvall Hall. Proceeds to go to tht
Red Cross Fund. Adv. 265
Catering by the Paptist Ladies' Aid1.
Cake baking a specialty, rnone or
ders to Mrs. W. E. Oxshcer, Black 402,
Hlnkle Flats. Adv. 291
The economic use of gas in
THE KITCHEN.
A great deal in the Economic Use of
Gas can be learned by attending the
Cotoking Demonstrations by Mrs. Edna
Evans, a well known culinary expert,
who is brought here at a considers ov
expense by the Home Economics De
partment of the Twentieth century
Club. Demonstrations daily, 2 o'clock,
at Woman's Club, Quality Hill, begin
ning May 28th and ending June 2nd.
We are against Waste of Gas.
Gas economically used is the cheaper
fuel.
BISBEE IMPROVEMENT CO.
Central Theatre
TODAY
Commencing 3 p.m.
The Triangle Kaybee Presents
TODAY
THE INCOMPARABLE WILLIAM S. HART
-IN-
"Truthful Tulliver"
The one you are waiting for. An intense, power
ful, thundering drama.
The Triangle Keystone Presents
CHARLES MURRAY AND ALL-STAR CAST
IN
"Bath House Perils"
ADMISSION
10 AND 15 CENTS
1
BENEFIT DANCE.
A big benefit dance will be held at
Eagles Hall next Tuesday night in aid
of one of the local musicians, who has
been seriously ill. Many porfesslonai
musicians will donate their services,
General Cadorna's brilliant offensive
continues unchecked, each day finding
the Italain line projecting a little fur
ther down the Carso plateau toward
Trieste.
The Austrian liile gave way again
on Friday between Castagnavizza and
the gulf of Trieste, the advancing Itai
ian troops carrying another heav'ly
fortified position and capturing an ad
ditional 3,500 men. Their captures in
the offensive beginning May 14 now
ttotal 22,419.
The Italian right flank, resting on
the coast, now has passed the mouth
or the Tlmavo, while the center of the
army in this sector has been pushed ,
beyond Jamiano, the advance taking In
the heights between Flondar and Me
deazza. The right wing Is operating
around Castagnavizza and has taken
additional trenches there.
In the region north of Gorizia the
Italian forces are maintaining tne
gains they scored last week. Heav
Austrian attacks in the Vtodice area:
were repulsed and in the Plava sector
the Austrlans were pushed still further j
back. v I
Seventy-six persons were killed and
174 Injured in Dover ana roisesione:
early Friday evening in the most ambl- j
tious raid upon England yet made by
German aircraft. Of the killed 27 were
wnmon and 23 children. There were
16 aircraft In the raid, probably all
airplanes, as no Zeppelins are men-1
tioned In the report Of the injured,!
43 were women and 19 children. !
On their return across the English '
channel the German raiders were at
tacked by air squadrons of the Royal
navy air service from Dunkirk and
three of them, all airplanes, were shto
down. i
German artillery is displaying in-;
created activity against the British in j
the sector of the Arras battle fron. ,
from the Scarpe river south of Grols- j
seles.
The French announce further prog-!
ress on the Champagne front and the
repulse of two German counter-attacks
against the French salients east
and .wesjt of Cerny. Berlin states
the army group of the Gterman cttown
prince captured 544 officers and men
and fifteen joachlne guns In an attack
on the French trenches on the Chemin
Des Dames, south of Pargny. It adds
that Frtench attacks on a three-mile
front south of Nauroy In the western
Champagne were repulsed.
Russian troops frustrated a Turkish
attempt to dislodge them from heights
south of the Van ton the Caucasus.
. The
Beautiful
YE
C
Continuous From 1 To 10 P. M.
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
Carlyle Blackwell
In
"THE SOCIAL LEPER"
Katzenjammer Kids
Comedy.
SEUG NEWS
(Educational)
ADMISSION
Reserved seats 25c
Lower Floor 10c
Balcony 5c
INFANT DIES.
The infant daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
W. J. Higgins died last evening at tti-
THE
PURE MILK DEPOT
(Allen Block)
A great big glass fresh buttennlfk
It'a only 6 cents. Advertisement 309. tunate musician
and the feature of the evening will be home tot her parents In Tombstone Can
one of the largest orchestras ever as-!y0n. The funeral arrangements have
sembled In Bisbee. The entire pito- not been completed but it is announced
ceeds will be turned over to the unfor- that it will be held Monday from the
home.
TIRES TIRES
5,000 mile guarantee.
The famous KNIGHT tires
sold to users at wholesale
prices. Absolutely one of
the best tires made in the
United States.
Write or wire for prices.
Have immense stock and
can fill orders promptly.
TUNSTILL-KNIGHT TIRE
COMPANY.
Factory District
321 Texas St El Paso, Tex.
if
SlOnACHtrl
Call Stones, Cancer and VIcers of the
Stomach and Intestines. Auto-Intosi-catlon.
Yellow Jaundice. Appendicitis
and other fatal ailments result from
Stomach Trouble. Thousands of
Stomach Sufferers owe their complete
recovery to Mayrs Wonderful Rem
edy. Unlike any other for Stomach
Aliments.. For sale by Bisbee Drug
Co., Lowell Drug Co.. Lowell, Arizona,
and all other reliable druggists. St
0
MINING
SECTION
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRE88
VOL. 19. NO. 303.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 27, 1917,
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
Globe-Miami Mines
Register Enormous
Increase In Copper
Arizona Chapter of The American Mining Congress Issues
Bulletin, Telling of The Enormous Increase in Copper
Production By The Companies Operating In The Globe-
Miami District of Gila County. Important Development
Is In Progress.
CREAM OF AMERICA'S YOUNG MANHOOD IN TRAINING TO
EUi CONSCRIPT ARMY THAT WILL FIGHT IN EUOPt
Inspiration Consolidated Copper Company Stands At The
Head of The List In Individual Copper Produced. Meth
ods of Mining And Concentrating And Smelting Practice
Are Excellent Future Looks Excellent For The Entire
Region.
I.,
' Inspiration Copper Co. and Miami Copper Co., with the Miami plant of
the International Smelting Cd., are credited with the largest gains made in
recent mining, concentration and smelting practice in the copper industry in
a bulletin of the Arizona Chapter of the A. M. -C: now in press. Ray Con
rolidated is placed next on the list, with gains stated tq be in prospect of at
tainment in its milling practice before the end of the year that will give that
company much increased efficiency, beside pointing the way to others for im
provements. In the Globe district proper. Old Dominion and the Commercial
Copper Co. are pointed to as probably doing the most Important development
in the state in new research for rich ore at depth, Magma in the Superior
district excepted, and the deep mining work of the Warren .district and the
Verde district, Bisbee and Jerome, contemplated as of continuous character
aloag previously established lines.
There is predicted for Globe the attainment of a great deal of new high
grade ore at depth in Old Dominion working along the lines of endeavor that
the management has worked out with much care and through the application
of the results of wide research. The success that is now attending the work i
and that gives cause for the belief that it will expand and In due' time more;;
than nH with the expectations that have been entertained, will advance,
the Glofce district's resources greatly, and bring Old Dominion into more at-j
tractiveness and stronger prominence than ever before. It will mean mora
than a revival, indeed, of the old days' in which Globe was heralded far and
wide as the phenomenal copper district of the continent. There will be the
difference that wild speculation will not be furthered, for the research work
of the present day is of a different character than that of the early discovery;
period in which much was necessarily taken for granted. In the present
period the Old Dominion has spent millions of dollars and the best thought
of a mine management that ranks very high in ability to determine with ex
actness thai which may be counted upon. Its determinations have measured
up much of the possibilities of the balance of the district at depth, at least j
to areas within present bounds of reasonable development. Commerc
ial has profited from Old Dominion determinations and in addition has fol
lowed up with independent endeavors from which results have been obtained
of such character as to much encourage the belief that this property is going
to be an important" factor in the increased activities for the district which
Old Dominion is bringing about in the greater-measure. I
Xi &J lit
- vy " '- nJ
fcceies at tort Ienja;m iia..,.. ,
GOOD ORE NEWS SOON
EXPECTED FROM WORK
AT THE JEROME VERDE
Diamond Drill Exploration Is
Being Carried On Rapidly
In The Workings. Colum
bia Shaft Development Also
Rapid.
COPPER BASH
tiK.is: new arrivals rettinir their Mininmnt-
(:e.ia, in churire of camo a '
More than thirty thousand vo'jiis? .Amswin nier. .i nw t-;: i x . ,
of ti.t! OUlitrV. ThecS men hiive l-n rarirfifllw nifL-arl tk ..o. .
- - ... u . mii: " ucuBi Liiiriik
: t Al a -
Jerome, May 26. The Jerome Verdt.
may strike ore irf two places soon.
The drill hole has started to inter
sect the ore recently cut north of the
V. V. Extension, at a point 100 feei
northwest of the original discovery,
and is in 145 feet The original hole
as In 480 feet when it hit the ore. It
is estimated that the present hole will
Jnot have to be drilled more than 500
ieet u tne ore Holds its strike. ,
If the iron ledge cut at a depth of
960 feet in the Columbia shaft holds Its
dip, the crosscut being driven east
ward from the 1.050 is only 25 feet
from its goal. It is quite possible that
where that ledge is intersected by the
crosscut it will be rich in copper.
The Jerome Verde's campaign of dia
mond drilling Is by no means near its
conclusion. It is now planned to
drive two " long drifts from the 1,050
northward. One will be started from
the end tf the west crosscut, some
where near the U. V. Extension line.
The other will be started from the east
crosscut, at a distance from the
shaft which has not been learned.
Then all the ground between the two
drifts will be drilled, and holes will b-
m . v i. i . , I operations and by a number of cop-
wUl thoroughly prove all the ground ore di8CO,eries of more than pas-
different camps in rario.is iz,-i
and at the end of three !. .
cf 00,000 that will fight in
near Indianapolis, where wouiuv
!-),(;G'J t,i number will be sa.ecteiJ as
T -(-:;!
i olucftis iiom Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky have been in training since last
i lr a. 1 1 1 1 . . '
ITTRACTIfJG
ATTEHTIOM
II fJORTH
Attention. Is Being Directed
To Old Part of Yavapai
County After Several Years
of Inactivity In That Re
gion. OUTSIDE CAPITAL IS
ENTERING THE FIELD
Alabama Men Have Financed
The Big Butte Copper Com
pany. Copper II ill Prop
erty Taken Over By Ohio
Financier.
(By William P. De Wolf.)
PRESCOTT, Arizona.. May 26. In
terest in mining affairs in the Copper
Basin country, a copper-bearing sec
tion of proven possibilities contiguous
(to Prescott, has been stimulated of
late by a broadening of the field of
(Editor's Note): The following
extracts from a speech by the late
Old Dominion nas noi oniy advanced us position unuergrouuu oui u j representative men and women In
also achieved much In better mill and smelter practice. Along these latter J London only a few days before he
CECIL RHODES TELLS
OF MINE INVESTMENT
AND POSSIBILITIES
Man Who 'Opened Up South
African Gold Mines, At
Banquet Years Ago, Made
Remarks Which Are Pertin
ent At Present
That attained to this time, however, sailed for the last time in Afica, are1
WAOTT IntAMatlflir n 1 A r. 1 1 I. VA
nas Deen notaoie in niKner recorerj ui ure values uu icoacr vuoia. oiuduc
lines It has further headway in process.
i fully read by intending investors.)
conduct has been wisely managed In relation to better milling practice, with-
result that instead of attempting to handle all of Us own output of ore direct You have asked me, ladies and
smelting area and concentration the Old Dominion management is 8harigiKenUenien, what I think of the safety
- " I in mining investments, or the invest-
the reduction work with the more adaptable plant of the International Smelt- nt Jn mlnlDg 8tocJ s; and if i wouid
ing Co. insofar as the adaptability of the latter reached. There is perhaps a 'recommend men and women of small
good deal being pointed out through this manner of procedure that will find means to go into mining business,
...... . . , -or buy mining stocks. I shall try to
reflection possibly later in central plant adapted to the needs of the major answer your two qliestion8 at the
Whatever advance may be made toward Bame time.
production of copper districts.
higher efficiency through such development will be to the credit in much!
mpsiir of th International Smelter management, which has achieved a
Mining has been the foundation of
the world's wealth from the begin-
nine nf time Th rnvprnmAnts rlrh
great deal in improved practice. The mechanical excellence has been added jn mlneraU have aiway8 been the rlch-
to continually by a highly competent and far seeing management. Details est and strongest governments on the
have come In for high consideration and have been overlooked in no essential , earth. The mineral sections of any
. . ,. , .. , country have always ruled that coun-
instance. That all of this is true will be better realized when it Is considered Rememner that the man who
that International was only recently contemplated at s sixteen million poumr produces K0id, silver and copper, is
the month plant, but that U is now turning out upward of twenty million ; creating the raw material of money;
..... i every strike of his pick, every echo
pounds of copper the month. L h,8 add8 tQ thp weaUh of
Inspiration Consolidated Copper Co. stands at the head of the list In j every man's business in the world.
Arizona in point of Individual production of copper and In the employment i The mbier of gold and silver is not
. , , . .... , . .... , , I a business pirate, and he Is the only
of the highest efficiency mining and milling equipment at this time in service. taslneBa man who not He never
Inspiraton In this respect had the advantage of all other producers In the cuts prices, never creates strikes, or
state, because it was able to enjoy the results of their findings through the tramples on the rights of privileces
employment of various methods and equipment, and also to adopt later find- of competitor. Mining is almost the
" 3 only business on this enrth that in-
Ings and devices, and the good Judgment exercised in adopting these things crea8es the wealth of the world with
and In improving them on in not a few instances has earned ample reward. out robbing or Infringing on the rights
- Inspiration is producing at the rate of 12.000.000 pounds of copper the of other. The miner is a man who
- . ; finds wealth; he creates wealth, if
month. It is mining 20,000 tons or ore the oay to get this tonnage of copper. ( you p,efge Mln,n a,wByg bpen
in so doing it Is extracting a larger tonnage of ore the day than any other the quick road to fortune, and of late
mine in Arizona, and a greater tonnage than any of the other big low grade It ha" become the sure and most cer
tain roaa 10 great weaun. a coun-
copper mines is removing from underground workings. The steam shovel
,try of great wealth. Influence and
mines alone approach the magnitude of ore extraction attained by Inspiration, power, and what you can say for na-
and among these Utah Copper alone exceeds the Inspiration tonnage. To mine tlons, you can say for men.
as it is mining. Inspiration employs the top efficiency In human and mechanl-' 1 fv0 made a V"! f thi
6 v question, and have had statistics, not
cal organization. The clock precision with which its monster skips and other onIy of Great Brltnin and Africa, but
great shaft and level station devices automatically operate Is the wonder of of the world, carefully compiled rela-
all observers. Mine equipment is pronounced by experts to be the last word lv t0 his propoBltlon. so that I
... t ...... might not be in error. This Investl-
ln the successful application of machinery to daily duty. There will doubtleb gation ghows that mMnK hM away8
be later Improvements, but at this time Inspiration is at the pinnacle of at- offered greater Inducements than
; inv business In the world to make
(Continued on Page Two) . 'quick and great wealth.
In the business of the world fin
ing is the best of all coin, and min
ing as conducted today, readily elim
inates the fakir or adventurer, and
is as safe a business as the old-time
real estate business in a country and
church neighborhood.
This Investigation further shows
that farming is more risky than min
ing, that 32 per cent more people losq
money and fail In farming than do
in mining; that 29 per cent more peo
ple lose money and fail In mercantile;
business than do In mining; that 41
per cent more people lose money and
fail in manufacturing business than
in mining; that 17 per cent more peo
ple lose money and fail proportion
ately in any of the professions than
in raining.
Mining is the backbone of all wealth
and the spinal column ,of all certain
ty. I can see a score and a half of
men and women in this hall tonight
who a few, years ago invested in a
mining company at my suggestion,
and some of them only Invested a
few dollars, because they had only
a few dollars to invest. These per
sons have cleared anywhere fom $25,
000 to $55,000.00.
Of course you can lose your money
in mining, if you put your money in
a mine that is worthless, that has no
mineral in it, and in the same wa
you can lose it if you invest in a
store which contains no merchandise.
or in a bank which contains no mon
ey. It Is not uncommon for a mine
to pay the holders of the stock dol
lars for every cent that they invest.
Often $500 Invested in a good min
ing stock will pay the fortunate hold
er more than $100,000 could possibly
pay him If he invested In municipal
bonds, railroad bonds or railroad
stocks.
You all know of men and women
who have suddenly sprung Into riches
and it is Bafe to say that 90 per cent
of these people became suddenly rich
because the yinvested their little, or
INSPIRATION WILL
SOON BE PRODUCING .
20,000 TONS DAILY
GLOBE. May. 26. At the -. Inspira
tion property the recently established
tonnage rate of slightly more' than
19,000 tons per day is being steadily
maintained and It 1b quite possible
that the 20.000 'ton mark will be
reached before many months. The
makers of the Marcy ball mines are
perfecting a mill of nine feet in diam
eter and they claim that this mill will
show a considerable increase of the
capacity of the 8-foot diameter mill
which is the crushing unit In prac
tically all of the Inspiration concen
trator sections. Of course. In adding
another foot to the diameter of such
a mill, a great Increase is made in
the load of steel balls that must be
revolved and consequently the shell
of the mill will have to be propor
tionally strengthened. However, it is
only after an actual working test, cov
ering a considerable period of time,
that the weak parts of a newly con
ceived and designed piece of machin
ery become apparent. This was well
exemplified in the introduction of the
first Marcy mills at the Inspiration
concentrator. For a short time after
the plant went into commission, the
repair and maintenance costs on
these mills were exceedingly high and
discouraging, but it was apparent that
the mill was designed on sound prin
ciples and that the successful opera
tion of it was simply a matter of
Increasing the strength of the ma
chine at various points. This being
done, there was no further difficul
ties In the operation of the mill.
Should the 9-foot mill be tested there
Is no doubt but that it will also have to
lying within some 2,000 feet of the Ex
tension ore body.
When the ore which has been cut by
the diamond drill has been opened by
drifting and crosscutting. It will be
hauled south through one of the pro
jected north-end-south drifts and hoist-
led through the Columbia shaft.
I Indications of a most encouraging
infttlirft ant hetnir nnariAjt in tia root -
icroscut from the 1,050-foot level of the
!Jeitme Verde's Columbia shaft
I A great deal of water Is coming in
'and much jasper is showing. Jasper,
8chlst and quartz are all strong In the
face. The water is regarded as a bet
ter indication than the jasper.
1 The face is between 80 and 90 feet
from the shaft' It is some 500 feet
form the U. V. Extension line, and the
known ore body of the Extension lies
some 400 feet within the line.
Those on the Inside are expecting
more important news from the west
crosscut than from the east crosscut or
the drill hole that is being driven to in
tersect at another point the ore recent-
sing importance. Attention was first
attracted to Copper Basin by Major
A. J. Pickerill, who Induced the
Phelps-Dodge interests to take over
and . develop the commercial mine
there, and to his efforts in large
measure is due the impetus which
row characterizes the mining indus
try of the Basin as a whole.
Subsequently a very promising
body of copper-oxide was opened on
the Copper Hill property, and an
equally promising body of chalcopy-
rite ore opened on the Loma Prieta
estate, adjoining the commercial.
These discoveries were followed by
a general speeding np of mining op
erations, with the result that Copper
Basin is now one of three copper pro
ducing sections which are adding
greatly to th mining wealth and min
ing fame of Yavapai county. The av
erage daily production of the Com
mercial mine is at this time about
80 tons of 5 per cent copper-oxidt
ore, all of which is being mined
ly located north of the Extension. The j ' 1h of 400 feet" Th
-r " v w w cat i huiua lis
ore in the lower, or sulphide
few months this
through which the shaft passed at 960 " -"" "
i. .JLa in . attended by an increase in the ore
tonnage forwarded to local smelters
AAet raaiit fa nmintprinflr nrettv
i m j -n-i.vi- - . i.. open
uaru gruuuu. t i luiu it: w iccv, uu-j
ever, it sholud cut the magnetite ledge
feet. Much doubt is expressed as to
whether that ledge could change much
in so short a distance.
and to the Phelps-Dodge smelters at
part of what they had. In a good mln- fg0 through the stage of re-moulding,
ing company. in tne of the two new mill sections at
So in answer to your question I inspiration, Marcy mills have been run
would say. that I believe investing nlnfc In competition with Harding's
money in a good mining stock is the conicai ball mill In an endeavor to find
most profitable of Investments, and out whcn mills are best suited to the
very much the safest. And why company's purpose. The proponents
safest? Because your security is the of each of the8e two mlll8 haye veh
ore itself the raw material of mon- tiiate(j their views pretty thoroughly
ey. The security for your money in on tne proDabie performances of these
a good mining company is the money tm, typeg of ninB through the medium
It self, actual money. of the technical press, and are natu-
Think of it! I offered in London awaiting with interest the verdict
a few yeors( ago stock in a mining of tne inspiration company on the rela
company at $5.00 per share. The tlve performances. To date the corn
mine which this company owned was pany nM not ma(e public the results
inoo feet on the vein. The shaft near of the test, which is probably not as
the center of this mine had been yet completed,
sunk 500 feet, and levels bad been j .
run 50 feet one way and 125 feet the ! withdrawsl of imported goods from
other way. The ore averaged about bonded warehouses, so as to avoid
$25.00 per ton. the average width of payment of the 10 per cent ad velor-
- em tariff, was never before approach-
(Continued on Page Two)
ed In the nation's history.
two.
i i. h th rfHii!0Ut9,de Points.
hole may have hit merely the peak v ut.!de C.pit.1 Invest,
of an ore body and that the hole now ! Following the developing of the
being drilled. 100 feet away, may pass j nrnerclal Into a producing mine
over the peak entirely. So far. howev-!n"d,fr th Pervis,on of. Major Pick-
er. the drill has passed through exactly ",u"" -u"u.
the same formations that were encoun- P;ach-the latter now being In charge
tered before the ore was hit ' r"t " V lLon,a PnieU
When the present flat hole has been m,ne-utside cpaI , b"n lnt
i.t.Bn(kiiiK.t.rtAn. Mlwl ,n CoppeY Basin; notably in
downward angle half way between the Ith B' Bu,, cWr- L"cky. 5 Co
work has In each instance resulted In
the opening of promising bodies of
"pay" copper and in attracting out
side capital in increasing amounts to
the Copper Basin country as a whole.
This, In turn, has brought that sec
tion more forcefully to the fore as a
copper proposition to the financial
betterment of Prescott and the entire
county.
In fact there Is every likelihood the
Copper Basin country will ultimately
be developed Into a camo with thJ
COCHISE CHIEF f,IAY
IISOOII CHANGE HANDS
PRESCOTT. Ariz.. May 26. Chas.
C. Carmack and Lewis A. Collins,
mining operators of Nevada, who are
visiting the city, announced that after . . .k,,. .
.... . ... , : copper ore yielding possibilities of the
J , 7 .1 T Z , . famou" V'rte district, snd th- rapidlr
deal for the Cochise Chief group of , mwi Importance of the Big Bug
copper, in Blue Tank, district, in the AMt Too cmnot
southern part of this county The taM npo the vahH of m
seller Is C K. Pearson, and the terms Lon8 , ,he CoT Bajin nd
of the deal call for a first cash pay--n , . . .
the business life of Prevott. Kach
Is contiguous to thfs city and draws
upon this cltv for its supplies; where
as the Verde district, more remote
from here, depends upon outside
sources for a considerable portion of
its mlnlnr necessaries. Hence any
Impetus eiven the mining activity in
Cooper Basin and at Big Bug Is of
direct financial benefit to Prescott.
The plan of development of the Big
Butte Coptwr Company will serve as
a ra in point.
Alabama Capital Interested.
Financing of the Big Butte Copper
niAnfr A ft AAA w(tH mnnthlv Inctall. I
ments to run for a period of two and
one-half years.
Two of the claims were patented 14
years ago. and new locations give a
group of 14. The operators state
they were directed to make an inspec
tion of the property by an engineer
now wtth the Miami Consolidated,
and ssmftles taken fom three open
ings, the deepest 62 feet gave high
contents in the red metal. A hoist
is to be installed and a depth of 350
feet Is to be given before any other
development Is decided upon. They
say that another deal for adjoining
claims also Is pending, on which they
hold an option.
Company was brought about recently
(Continued on Page Two) TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 27, 1917.
AIR BUBBLES MAKING
PATENTS GOLD MIKES
FOR THEIR OWNERS
Writer In Current Opinion
Tells of The Progress Made
In The Mining Industry
Through Introduction of
Flotation.
Current Opinion says: Beating the
white of an egg into a stiff froth is a
very simple operation. It consists
merely of beating air into the albu
men until its mass is saturated with
tiny bubbles. . Neither is the iridescent
soap bubble a novelty. Yet, despite
1 our familiarity with bubbles of all
kinds, nobody realized until a few
years ago that there was a pile of
money in them. During the last four
years, we learn from W. V. Woehkle
in the Sunset Monthly, they have lit
erally turned the practice of metall
urgy upside down.
They are producing millions in ad
ditional profits every week for the min
ing industry; they have made avail
able the metal contents of a billion
tons of lean ore hitherto considerel
worthless, and pretty soon will be
yielding a cool million a month in
royalties wWch, according to recent
decision of Supreme Court, must
promptly travel to London into the
pockets of the British bubble paten
tees. In one single copper mine, the air
bubbles, with practically bo additional
expense. Increased - output 120.000
pounds of copper a day. At 20 cents
a pound the additional revenue due
the bubbles is $24,000 -every day in
this one mine!' A Montana mining
company (Anaconda,) having lately
. put in a bubble plant at modest cost
of a few hundred thousand, increased
its output- from the same tonnage by
50,000,000 pounds the first year and
got 25 cents a pound for the taetaL A
sine mine (Butte & Superior) added
the bubbles to its equipment and lift
ed the output 200,000 a day.
The Former Choice of Evils.
To gain a proper understanding of
the function and importance of air
bubbles in mining, not only of Amer
ica but of an entire world, we have to
remember that copper, lead, tine and
silver are rarely found in pure metallic
state. Early mining engineers were
confronted by choice of two evils.
They found rock and ore so intimately
mixed that. If they crushed the ma
terial into a coarse pulp, a good part
of the ore remained enclosed in large
grains of rock, as nuts are in shells,
and could not be recovered. When
the material was finely pulverized
minute metallic particles refused to
sink, swam merlly along with the
powdered rock and were lost. This
water-separation process rarely re
covered more than 60 per cent to 70
per cent of metal contents.
Then came the oil separation pro
cess, greatly reducing the loss, which,
however, remained enormous In the
aggregate. Then came the revolution
izing discovery of the bubble, as a
metal-saving device.
In the rich Broken Hill mining dis
trict of Australia, where waste metal
reached proportions of special magni
tude, there had accumulated a few
years ago twelve million tons of tail
ings and slimes which contained the
incredible total of four billion pounds
of zinc, not counting vast amounts of
lead and silver. At - five cents a
pound, the normal market value, the
zinc alone waa worth $240,000,000, but
since there existed no known method
of separating it from the crushed
rock with which it was mixed, value
of the four billion pounds did not
reach 30 cents until the tiny bubble
came along.
It was the theory of A. E. Catter
mole, an Australian mining engineer,
that the well-Ttnown affinity of oil for
, metallic surfaces would cause the oil
to seek out each of the little flecks of
metal floating in the water and en
velop it, while the violent stirring
would bring these oil-coated specks
into contact and paste them together
until heavy enough to sink, in the bot
tom when ..the stirring ceased.
So' promising ' was the Cattermole
oil-pasting and sinking process that
the patents were bought by a syndi
cate of London mining men endowed
with; foresight and . tenacity. But
when the process was tried out in ac
tual practice on a commercial scale,
results did not live up to the theoreti
cal perfection. So the syndicate or
dered its laboratory force to make an
almost endless series of experiments
with different quantities of oil, of
water, with different rates of agita
tion and other vraying factors, to de
termine under which conditions ' the
metal particles could best be made
to sink.
A Mast Meeting In Froth.'
Believing that buoyancy of the oil
was at bottom of the trouble, they
used less and less of it, stirred the
pulp harder and harder. Then, when
they were using barely three pounds
of oil to the ton of ore, when they
were chasing the mixing arms through
the pulp at 1100 revolutions per min
ute, something totally unexpected
happened. Instead of going down,
nearly all the metallic particles held
a mass meeting on top of Uie water,
in a thick froth that stayed frothy,
like whipped cream, for hours upon
hours.
The flotation process of separating
metal ironi gangue. the method that
had been in the grasp of a dozen In
ventors, emerged from its chrysalis.
It U only necessary to grind the '
ore very fine to add a few pounds of
certain pine oils to the watery pulp,
to agitate it violently eight or ten
minutes, to draw it off into a setting
tank, and as if by magic a heavy,
vck frcth appears on the surfaci
This consists of billions of tiny air
bubbles, each coated with, a thin film
of oil which in turn, is completely
covered with infinitesimal specks of
metallic particles, encrusted in a coat
of armor so to speak. To skim off
this extract the metal is an easy task
But the path of Minerals Separation
Limited, owners of the patents, has
not been paved with gold pieces and
surrounded by champagne bubbles.
Only last October a test case came to
the Supreme Court for final decision
and something most unusual occurred.
The justices, impressed with Inport
ance of the issue, trampled on pre
cedent, left the bench and adjourned
to watch a dozen motor-driven ma
chines in which bubbles were shown
actually at work on ore pulp. For twj
hours the court studied the various
processes, and then rendered a decis
ion upholding the basic patent of the
English syndicate.
Three years ago the amount of Am
erican ore subjected to the oiled-bub
ble treatment was negligible; in 1916
more than 25,000,000 tons were treat
de by the flotation process, and it is
predicted that within a few years the
volume will reach 100,000,000 tons a
day, with a saving of a million pounds
of metal that formerly went to waste
eevry day.
COPPER BASIN
WINNIIIGATTEHTION
(Continued from page one.)
through the agency of Ed Shumate
of Prescott, who is heavily interested
in the Venture Hill and Verde Apex
properties at Jerome. At his solici
tation E. C. Averyt and J. A. Ellis, of
the firm of J. A. Ellis & Company, of
Birmingham, Alabama, visited and in
spected the Copper Basin district. At
the close of their inspection the Ala
bamans took over a block of 300,000
Big Butte treasury shares and made
arrangements for development of the
estate. Messrs Averyt and Ellis are
prominently identified with the finan
cial interests of Alabama and have a
strong following throughout that state.
They returned to Birmingham thor
oughly convinced of the mining op
portunities presented by the property.
The plans for the development of
the Big Butte Copper estate include
the immediate erection of the neces
sary camp buildings and a general
prospecting of the company's forty
three claims. Prospecting at surface
and nominal depth will continue until
the arrival of the mine machinery
now en route. Thereafter the real
campaign of development will be con
fined for a considerable time to the
Cass group, located within 4 miles
of the railway station at' Skull Val
ley. A 1 deep working shaft is to be
sunk on the Cass in the vicinity of
an old tunnel that penetrates a large
dyke which assays 23 per cent cop
per to the ton. The , oxide and car
bonate ores in this dyke are highly
mineralized and present indications
of permanency at depth.
Property Well Thought Of
The estate of the Big Butte Copper
company embraces the Cass and Brow
holdings, long numbered among the
most valuable in the Copper Basin
country. The acreage is traversed by
a series of well mineralized dykes
through which copper is generally dis
seminated. Hitherto, however, devel
opment work has been sporadic and
circumscribed owing to a lack of
funds. Notwithstanding this fact the
former owners refused to accept an
all cash consideration for their hold
ings, stating they preferred to re
tain a stock Interest rather than to
part with them outright. Their stand
would appear to be justified by min
eralogical and geological conditions
as well as by the infusion of financial
strength which assures an aggreslve
campaign of development.
The company is capitalized in the
amount of 1.500,000 shares of a par
value of $1 each, and has local and
Colorado hacking in addition to that
of the Alabamans. George L. Reed, j
of Denver, a man prominently identl-1
fied with Colorado mining affairs, is
president; Ed Shumate, prominent
business and mining man of Prescott,
is vice-president; George C. Ruffner,
former sheriff of Yavapai county, and
a large holder of United Verde Ex
tension shares. Is treasurer; Harry
E. Shumate, manager of the Owl
Drug & Candy Company of Prescott.
is secretary. The men named, with
Mrs. Robert Brow, compose the com
pany's directorate.
Garford Becomes Interested
Through the agenoy of George M.
White, manager of the sampler and
smelter at Wlckenburg, recently erect
ed by Arthur L. Garford. a millionaire
manufacturer of Ohio, the latter has
taken over and Is developing the Cop
per Hill property in Copper Basin.
While under the control of H S.
Clark and J. J. Jackson of Prescott, ,
the Copper Hill was opened to a depth I
of 400 feet and commercial ore de-
veloped and shipped. Mr. White is.
continuing the work started by his
predecessors and is preparing to make
regular shipments to the Garford re
duction works at Wickenburg. The
Copper Hill is considered one of the
best partially developed copper prop
erties in Yavapai County, and now
that Its financing is perfected will
doubtless make good its earlier prom
ise. The former owners of the prop-
NEVADA OPERATORS
TAKE OVER MINE IN
BIG NORTHERN COUNTY
Cochise Chief Uroup, in
Southern Part of Yavapai
County, Is Taken Over By
Mining Men From State of
Nevada.
Presc'ott, May 26. Charles E. . Car
mack end Lewis A. Collins, mining op
erators of Nevada, who are visiting the
city, announced yesterday that after
title is established they will close a
deal for the Cochise Chief group of
coppers In Blue Tanks Dsitrict, in the
southern part of this county. The
seller is C. K. Pearson, and the terms
of the deal call for a first cash pay
ment of $2,000 with m'Jnthly install
ments to run for a period of two and
one-half years. '
Two of the claims were, patented 14
years ago, and new locations give a
group of 14. The operators state they
were directed to make an inspection of
the property by an engineer now with
the Miami Consolidated, and samples
taken from three openings, the deepest
62 feet, gave high contents in the red
metal. A hoist is to be installed and a
depth of 350 feet is to be given before
any other development is decided upon.
They say that another deal for adjoin
ing claims also is pending, on which
they hold an option.
Mr. Carmack will be remembered
by3ld-time residents of this section
as with the United Verde in the smelt
ing departments going into the Ely
field over 15 years old. Both are to
visit Jerome before returinng to San
Francisco, where they maintain min
ing offices.
ENROLLMENT OF ALL ,
MINING MEN IS ON
The federal bureau of mines has
called upon the mining industry of
the state to enroll for the possible de
mand upon the technical men of the
country for service in varied capac
ities. Cards have been sent out to the
mining companies throughout the
United States with the request that
they have their technical men fill out
and the company return the cards
to the bureau.
The call is sent by Van.H. Man
ning, director of the bureau of mines,
brother of Gen. L. H. Manning, and
contersigned by President Philip N.
Moore, president of the American In
stitute of Mining Engineers. It fol
lows in full:
"To American Mining Engineers:
"By request of the council of na
tional defense, the bureau of mines,
in co-operation with the American
Institute of Mining Engineers, will
prepare a classified list of the mining
engineers and metallurgists 'of the
United States. Data covering the
qualifications, experience and skill of
each engineer are deslredj to deter
mine the line of duty in which he can
best serve the country in time of need.
"European experience has shown
that nothing is more important in
time of national emergency than a
knowledge of the qualifications and
experience of expert technical men.
It is, therefore, important, especially
at present, that this information be
available in the United States.
"You are accordingly requested as
a patriotic duty not only to fill out
the card which you will receive here
with, but to see that every engineer
and metallurgist within your acquaint
ance receives one and does likewise
Additional cards will be furnished up
on request. You will please check
only those subjects in which you are
expert, especially metallurgical experi
ence. Please return the card prompt
ly, using the inclosed penalty envel
ope. The information received will
be carefully classified, carded and In
dexed. Your prompt response to this
matter will be very much appreciated."
.Best Remedy for Whooping Cough..
"Last winter when my little boy had
the whooping cough, I gave him Cham
berlain's Cough Remedy," writes Mrs.
J. B. Roberts, East St Louis, 111. "It
kept his rt)ugh loose and relieved him
of those dreadful coughing spells. It
is the only cough medicine I keep in
the house because I have the most
confidence in It." This remedy is also
good for colds and croup. Adv.
erty received a price for it commen
surate with its worth and their finan
cial outlay.
A large body of from one to four
per cent chalropyrlte ore Is exposed
from 60 feet below the surface 1o a
depth of 5K) feet In the Loma Prleta
workings, adjoining the Commercial
mine in Copper Basin. With the ad
ditional financial strength requisite
for opening and developing this ore
body the Loma Prieta will probably
prove to be one of the lest low grade
copper propositions In Arizona.
At nominal depth a ledge of pro
nounced copper yielding possibilities
has been opened on the property of
the Lucky 5 Mining Company in Cop
per Basin. Recent samples gave a
gold-sllver-copper return of $85 per
ton. The copper content ranges as
high as 8 per cent, the silver content
as high as 27 ounces and the gold
content as high as $10 per ton. The
company is thoroughly financed and
work on Its estate is well underway.
CECIL HADES TELLS
OF IIEJ VESTMENT
(Continued From Page One)
the vein being about seven feet. The
capital of this company was $5,000,
000.00. Many of you bought this
stock. You made hundreds pgr cent.
It Is now selling at $80.00 per share.
Yet you paid but $5.00 per share, the
richness of this ore continued dur
ing the entire 1000 feet of the vein,
and it also increased as I told you it
would, as depth wag attained, and it
has already paid nearly $10,000,000
and Is good for $100,000,000 more. To
get such stock is like finding money,
and Africa offers many other oppor
tunities fully as good and better.
I see a few white heails before me
who went to California, in the United
States of America, ;ln j 1849. They
were known as the 'forty-niners. I
know people who put their all in those
California companies, and who made
more than $1000 for every dollar they
Invested. . I knew an old mother from
Warwick who Invested her all In Cal
ifornia in 1850, which was about $950.
In three years it paid her $610,000.
Just think- of it!
In answer to your question, as to
what I think of men and women of
small means investing:, in mining
stocks or in mines, my answer Is that
these are the very people who should
invest In good mining stocky above
all others. They have too little mon
ey for three, four, five or six per cent
to do them much good; while on the
other hand, twelve, i twenty, thirty
forty, fifty and sixty per cent on their
rmall Investments would bring com
fort and plenty to them. There are
plenty of good mining companies
which pay from twelve to fifty per
cent on the early Investments In the
stock, and pay these large profits)
steadily; and often there are excep
tional opportunities in the growth of
many of these companies, where thou
sands of per cent is made on the in
vestment almost immediately. For a
man or woman who has only $500,
three to six per cent is not much, be
ing only from $15 .to $30 in Interest
per year, while forty per cent on $500
would be $200 income per year, which
would be an income that would really
be substantial for anyone on such an
investment A man with $5000 If he
gets four per cent receives $200 p?r
year, which is not much on $5000,
tut this same $5000 invested wisely
in a good mining company, located
in a good mining country, is practi
cally certain to pay the investor from
five to fifteen per cent every three
months, which would be from $200
to $600 every three months, or $2,
400 per year Income; but people who
need most of all to invest their mon
ey in a good mining, stock are those
who can Invest only from $25 to $100
the small Investor; because. If they
are held, can soon be resold for hun
dreds of per cent profit, and In this
way often the poorest man-or woman
can quickly climb the ladder . of
vealth." .
Thomas Lawson, of. Boston, says:
"The soundest, safest, surest prin
ciple of speculation is to buy 100
shares of something selling at from $1
'o $2 a share to make 100 points pro
fit, instead of buying 100 shares of
anything at $100 a share, to make
two points profit. Your liability on
$100 per share is $10,000: at $1.00
to $2.00 is enly 100 to 200. The great
est fortunes in the world have all,
been laid on this foundation.
My own fortune in financial suc
cess was laid in buying Butte and
Boston at $2 a share. Standard Oil,
Rogers and Rockefeller who were
my partners in the deal, and every
broker in Boston and New York will
vouch for the fact. They will vouch,
oo, for the fact that I advertised that
ill who bought at $2 per share would
he able to sell at $100 per share, and
also for the fact that inside of two
years from the time I advertised they
could have sold at $130 per share.
Jay Gould said: "When you In
vest in mining stocks, don't look for
the company with all risk eliminated.
for you will never find it, but look
for a good company, having a good
proposition, officered and promoted
by good, relialle men. then invest;
and do It quickly. Don't wait to see
if it proves out, for there's where you
lose out You must make money in
mining by good judgment and fore
sight." OF
INTENSE INTEREST
The National Conduit & Cable Co,,
m its monthly circular says:
"The copper situation Is. therefore,
one of intense interest and concern
for the whole civilized world. In
present conditions there are bound to j
be more or less price fluctuations, j
And this feature will be particularly j
apparent when conditions attract sh- 1
culatlve movements. Hut with the
huge demands for copper an effect iva
factor exists to maintain a fair de-;
?ree of market stability. Values are !
not liable to slump violently, under
these circumstances." ' j
E.-Judj;e R. S. I.ovelt, chairman of
I'nion I'acifip It. II. is to become chair-1
man of National Committee on V-;
jprration of the Heil 'ro.s !
Roxt-ury Carpet Company has been
taken over by the American Felt Co.
REGISTER INCREASE
(Continued I'rom Page One)
taiument and the management and 1
operative force a unit in endeavor to
keep it so. No onportunity for bettor-;
ment Is being passed by.
That which applies to Inspiration
mine applies with equal force to In-j
spiration mill, a point of efficiency;
and unity of all concerned to keep the
end end of keeping at the top. There'
Is spirited interest on the part of,
every shift in maintaining efficiency,
if possible a bit higher than the pre
vious shift. All are proud of the
equipment they have to work with anil
prouder of the results they are able
to get from it. The mill is working
well beyond rated capacity, and do-,
ing it with ease. The last two units
installed, completion being made In
April, have now tuned up to high efil-,
ciency. They represent the final ex
tension contained in the original plans
for the mill. There Is room for other
extensions, however, and these will
be made as the mine openings are car
ried out and the larger tonnage pro-'
vided for. Ultimately the daily ore
extraction will be much above the'
present large figure. It Is merely a
matter of time in which to shape up'
for greater output
The excellence of the mill practice
Is best told in the figures for 1916.
which show that the final recovery of
contained copper from ore was 73.71
pe rcent, as compared with Utah's
59.34 per cent Navada Consolidated,
69.39 per cent. Chlno's 63.84, Ray'3
68.37 per cent and Miami's 70.24 per
cent Next to Utah Copper. Inspira
tion produced the largest tonnage of
copper of any of the porphyries in
1916, wlthl20,772.637 pounds won.
comparing with Utah's 187,531.824
pounds. This year Inspiration will do
better than 140.000.000 pounds Inspir
ation mined 5,383,220 tons of ore last
year to get her copper, and had lett
91,789,120 tons. To this reserve there
has been some added this year, and
there will be more. Inspiration is hy
no means at the end of her possibil
ities in establishing reserve tonnage.
Figuring on the basis of tonnage re
maining to be mined on January 1,
however. Inspiration has J..SS2 pounds
of recoverable copper for every share
of its stock, or on a 17 cent copper
X
Fair Lisr Prices ?;- y
mmmm
I MS iwMlklai
lit RAM
Mil Si o
lira 375
vm.
raw m
More stylish in their extra sizemore resilient in their
extra rubber they give your Ford car a smarter dress and
greater comfort in smoother riding that thrice cancel their
slightly higher first cost
Fashioned with the five-finger Goodrich Safety Tread
ony, these are De Luxe tires for your Ford Their
resilience doubles the life -"f your car and triples
the joy of 'vour motoring.
Cost Lit tic More
husky tires at tittl
M0ra mMey mk
a De Lu&e ford
Cv.
Pr4c FkIi
$1S"S
sue) lo.t0
WE
PHONE 5
market J1S3.73, with present value of
the stock on a 15 cent market $92.81.
compared with the recent selling fig
ure of around $54. or 52 per cent un
der actual value as It works out on a
15 cent copper metal market. .
Miami Copper stands next to Inspir
ation In point of recovery of contained
copper from its ores, getting 70.84 per
cent in 1916. Miami will do better
this year, and better still next year.
Miami mill is now being remodeled
and important improvements are be
ing accomplished. The management
is exercising much ability and ingen
uity in carrying out this work without
interference with daily operation of
the plant. Aside from the reconstruc
tion that is going on. Manager Gotts
berger has some other very important
work in hand and well on the way to
completion which will, it is the con-1
fident belief, have much bearing In
increasing the available tonnage cf
ore In the mine. Satisfactory conclu
sion of this work will mean much to
all of the Miami district, with the de
velopment of which the Miami man
agement has pointed the way for such
and worked very great advantage for
the district at large in the past. Mr.
Gottsberger's constant effort along
these lines comes in for a great deal
of credit among those best Informed
as to details of, the development of the
district. Miami is now going at the
rate of 60,000,000 pounds of copper
the year, as compared with 53,318,331
pounds last year, when they mined
1.842,017 tons of ore, leaving there re
serve tonnage at 50.400 tons, or 1.427
pounds of copper for every share of
stock, representing on a 17 cent cop
per metal market $122.02 profit for
every share and giving each share a
present value on a 15 cent metal basis
of $58.29 as compared with recent sell
ing price of around $38.50, difference
of 66 per cent
With its large producers of copper
in the enviable position they enjoy
in point of high standing, excellent
equipment, determined value and
more than encouraging prospects for
large extension upon present estimat
ed life, while intelligent effort Is be
ing given to a good deal o'f new de
velopment by interests wTiich are en
gaging an amount of home capital that
has large aggregate extent and is in
the main provided by business men
and miners of the district, many of
these also being represented In the
ownership of shares of the dividend
paying properties, the Globe-Miami
district confronts a period of several
, i . ir i
Lift Up
Your
Ford
Car with
mm
VVXfESBSSSm.
SIZS&XyAitfSNEl
I SLACX SAFETY TREAD TIRES
S'OURFord ctt stands higher
$ and haughtier on those
kfjhks Survr-Tires the Ford
Tire of heroic size:
Goodrich's 'Three-Seventy-Fives" QZZT
What is more, they OUTLAST
ordinary tires.
The B. F. Goodrich Company
Akron, Ohio
"Best in the Long Puri"i 5; . ; i?U i S:-
SELL GOODRICH TIRES
BISBEE AUTO CO.
(The Pioneer Garage)
years of steady advance and much
prosperity. There is nothing In the
metal outlook to discourage the high
est of hopes in this respect. The only
possible danger that migtt enter into
the situation would have to come from
the operatives of the district, who
above all others stand to gain from
continuing the conditions of -peace
and confidence responsible for present
prosperity and brightness of outlook.
Agitators are not lacking, but as In
j ether districts of the state they do Bot
represent the rank and file of the op
eratives. The latter, here as else
I where, are more and more concluding
; that ulterior and selfish motives guide
the majority of those who are inclined
to stir up dissension trouble and that
misguided teal is the trouble with the
rest.
Get Rid of Your Rheumatism.
Now is the time to get rid of your
rheumatism. You will find Chamber
lain's Liniment a great help. The re
lief which it affords is alone worth
many times Its ocst Adv.
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
miyilivi
' AND
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
r-
Fair Treatment
new
Car
MAIN STREET
Oaf man
Stocks
rrr...-- . ,. ir3 ui
1 Fl WA r
I t'l ilf.11 I
'375 IHlir
1
IWTV 8a
Cnl 1W Instil ? THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 27, 1917.
THREE
Society Hears Call
Of Summery Coasts
Y. W. C. A. Bible class, Monday.
1:30.
Twentieth Century Club cooking
school. May 28. 2 o'clock .at Bisbee
Women's Club, Quality Hill.
Twentieth Century Club.
The Twentieth Century Club met it.
regular session on. Tuesday, May 1
Much business was transacted, and
many new plans for next year's work
were discussed. The club adjourns
until September.
'
Mrs. Frank Jecks and children have
returned to Mesa after several weeks
In Bisbee the guests of Mrs. C. F. Phil
brook. Mrs. L. H. Moon left Wednesday on
the Golden State Limited for Tracy,
Cal.
i
Mrs. J. R. Fitzpatrick entertainer
the Boy Scouts tf the Warren District
at Scout headquarters Saturday even
ing, at 7 o'clock. Refreshments were
served. Plans were formulated lor
the Scout encampment, which is to be
gin at Lewis Springs next Monday. The
boys will hike from here to the springs.
Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Martin and Mrs.
Fletcher were visitors from Hereford
at Lowell Thursday.
Miss Stella Fuller and Mr. Walter
Dodge .of L'on Luis, were married by
Judge Winters, of Lowell, on Thursday
evening.
. i
Last Tuesday arternoon the Twen
tieth Century Club gave its last social
program, Mrs. Frank Juliff acting as
hostess. This was also a federation
meeting. The program was as follows.
Federation and Its Work," Mrs. Bar
tell; piano selection, Mrs. Prtichard,
Inip r&nation in Cockney English,
"Loi 1 Dumlay," Mrs. Teufert; piano
selection, "Crimson Blushes," "Believt
Me, If All Those Endearing Young
Charms," Miss Mildred Falley; read
ing, "Lost and Found," and "Rock Me
to Sleep," Mrs. Neeper. Mrs. Flani
gan and Mrs. Bennett gave the club a
cake demonstration. At the conclusion
of the prosrara tea and cake were
served. A very pleasant afternoon
was enjoyed by all.
Mrs. Chas. Barnum and daughter,
Eunice, have gone i'j the coast to spend
the summer with Mrs. Lillie Wood.
The Rev. Vicente Mendonza, assist
ant pastor of the Catholic church, is
reported seriously ill with pneumonia.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Irwin are home
again after visiting other cities in
the state.
Musicale.
The Sisters of Loretto will hold the
annual musicale of the school at the
Knigbta of Columbus hall this after
noon at 2 o'clock. The teaching of
music has had special emphasis in the
academy work and the entertainment
is sure to be a pleasing one. Invitations
have been issued for the affair.
Birthday Party.
On Tuesday afternoon, at her homt
on Bropliy avenue, Mrs. Alfred Kelly
entertained in honor of her little daugh
ter, Alffeda May's, second birthaay.
Little M.iss Alfreda May was the recip
ient "of laany dainty gifts. Refresh
ments tl sandwiches, ice cream and
cake wdre served to the little guests.
Those present were: Winnie and Ivy
Caly. Edna Calnes, of Washington: An
na and Mona Keruish. Winnie Fara-
gher , Doris Retalack. Sylvia Warne.
Fred Caly. Willie Fisher, Boyes Kelly,
Ralph Faragher, Jack. Stafford, How
ard Retalack and James Warne.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Wheeler, of
Warren, entertained Thursday night at
dinner at- their home in the Bisbee
suburb. The guests included Mr. and
Mrs. Cleon T. Knapp and Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Poppen.
At the last meeting of the Twentieth
Century Club, held May 22, Mrs. E. J.
Flanigan announced that she would
give a silver tea, the proceeds of which
would be contributed to the local Red
Cross chapter. The time and date of j
the tea will be announced later.
Round Dozen Club.
Mrs. C. W. Ruth entertained the
Round Dozen Club Wednesday after
noon at the Y. W. C. A. Refreshments
of fancy sandwiches, ice cream and
cake were served, the patriotic spirit and Mrs. F. A. Nathan, former Bisbee
predominating. Small flags were useo, .residents,
and the sandwiches represented "Stars j
and Stripes." The guests were Mes-1 Mrs. Thomas Barton arrived In
dames Hicks, Butler, DeVoe. Hrancn. Douglas Tuesday from Los Angeles
Harris, Miss Hawes and Miss Moyer. I to join her husband, who is in charge
This was the last meeting of the club 'of the Arizona and Oklahoma Oil &
a its time will now be devoted to Red j Gas Company office there. Until re
Cross w'ork. cently Mr. Barton had been located
(here.
Mrs.William Goth, of Los Angeles,
arrived here Thursday to spend a few I Mrs. N. C. Bledsoe returned home
weeks, the guest of her son, C. M. Tuesday from Phoenix, where she at
Goodrlch, who Is in the employ of the j tended a Red Cross meeting. Others
C. & A. I attending font here were Jesse Yoa-
kum, A. B. Richardson, and Mrs. F.
Come Out and Help. ,E- Shine.
The sewing rooms Pr the Red Cross f
supplies will be open Tuesday. May 29. Married.
in the seeing room of the Bisbee High A wedding which came as a sur
school. All Warren District ladies are. prise to their many friends was that
urged to respond don't leave It for the
others. Your boy may be the first to
seed the aid the Red Cross Is trying
: to provide. It costs you nothing but a
little time as all articles are provided
by the Red Cross fund. If you have
only an afternoon or a morning, it will
jhelp. At the present time the nation
has but one day's supply of Red Cross
goods Think this over. The Red
i Cross is sure you will feel it your dut
1 10 do yur niite- The sewing rooms
i wil1 be Pen from 9:30 unt'l P- m
every day but Saturday. There will be
;a surprise in attendance every day.
Red Cross News.
The local Red Cross chapter has
been notified that President Wilson's
war council had decided to hold a na
tional financial campaign during the
week, June 18 to 25. Details of the
plan will be forwarded later to the
different chapters.
.
Miss Minnie Medigovich, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. V. G. Medigovich, re
turned Sunday from Berkeley, Calif.,
where she has been attending scliool
for the last year.
Mr. and Mrs. John Freeman and
son are here visiting with Mrs. Free
man's sister, Mrs. Lungren, of Millers
hill.
Red Cross Dance.
The dance for the benefit of the Red
Cross fund will be held at Vista Park
next Monday night. The Copper
Queen band will furnish the music.
Tickets will be sold for fifty cents.
and the entire proceeds will go to the
fund of the local Red Cross.-
Mrs. J. J. Jones left this week for
a visit to the south, including San
Antonio, and New Orleans.
Mrs. J. H. Snell left Monday night
for Colton, California, for a visiL
Fred Nichols and family spent the
week end in the Huachucas, return
ing on Tuesday.
Mrs. Charles Hicks of this city and
her daughter Mrs. J. T. Kingsburg
of Tombstone returned here from
Douglas where they have been visit
ing. Mrs. Hollingsworth of Los Angeles
arrived here this week to join her hus
band, who is in charge of the Arizona
Oklahoma Oil and Gas Company, in
Bisbee.
Miss Marjorie Murtagh, one of the
popular nurses at the Queen hospital,
has returned from a three months'
stay in New York, during which time
she took a post graduate course In
surgical work p.t one of the large hos
pitals there. Miss Murtagh is again
at her post in the Queen hospital.
Mrs. F. W. Roche arrived homo 1
Wednesday from California, where .
she has been visiting with friend3 j
and relatives for the last two months, j
and Is now located in her new co'no ;
at 83 Youngblood hill.
Y. Girls Camp.
The annual outing; of the Y. W. C.
A. girls has been arranged for this
year at Ramsay Canyon, about one
mile below Berner"s resort. The first
of the campers will leave Monday
morning. The chaperon will be Miss
Marie Bertetl Those who wish to
participate in camp life may see Miss
Moyer at the Y. for further details.
'
Mr. and Mrs. Lee Pen rod have gone
to Showlon, Arizona, where they
were called by a telegram announc
ing the injury of Wrs. Penrod'g moth
er, Mrs. Clara Woolford, in an anto
mobile accident.
Mrs. Edward Salvenson from Ore.
Grande, New Mexico, is visiting her
sister, Mrs. Titus of Tombstone Can
yon. Mrs. H. Albertson and Mrs. E. L.
Chambers left Tuesday night to en
joy a vacation on the Coast.
Mrs. I. Rosok, wife of the chief
electrician of the B. I. Company has
gone to Los Angeles and the beaches
during the warm months.
Miss Viva Vlllman and Miss Belle
Gandry are visiting the G. E. Kelloggs
in Tombstone Canyon. Mfss Villman
is a sister of Mrs; Kellogg.
I
I Mr. and Mrs. David Mathews left
Wednesday for Ajo to visit with. Mr.
of Mrs. Eunice Moon of the local tel
ephone office and Mr. D. F. Eldrldga
of the E. P. & S. W. RaUway. Thd
I ceremony whs read by Judge Winters
iof Lowell at the home of the bride's
sister Mrs. Thomas Hodges In Don
Luis.
Mrs. C. S. Thompson and daughter
left Monday for Long Beach, Califor
nia, to enjoy a vacation.
H. S. Wallace of the Phelps;Dodge
Store has gone to El Paso to enjoy
a vacation and visit a brother whom
he has not seen for years.
H. F. Lyons left Monday for Wel
son, Arizona.
Miss Julia T. Lee, national secre
tary of the Young Women's Christian
Association, is In the city. Miss Lee
is making a tour of the country to
stimulate Interest in Red Cross work.
Mrs. J. B. Burns, Mrs. J. J. Ryan
and sister. Miss Martha Gaetjens left
this week for Venice, California, to
pass the summer months.
Miss Edna Evans, of Los Angeles.
delivered an address at the Y. W. C. A.
Saturday afternoon to the members
of the Civics League, on the subject
jf "Food Conservation and . Elimina
tion of Waste." On Monday, at 2 p. m..
Miss Evans wlil open a class in cook
ing at the Women's Club building.
Commencement.
The past week has been one ot
many social events and much activity
for the graduating class of the High
school. Friday night the twelfth an
nual commencement exercises took
place in the High school auditorium,
the program being an exceptionally
pleasing one. The senior class is coiu
posed of the following boys and girls:
Olga Angius, Alice Brereton, Anna Da
vis, Myrtle Ewing, Benita Garcia. Kath-
erine Kinsella, Mina Marshall, Martha
McRea, Corona Muirhead. Vivian Muir-
head, Roberta Sinclair, Wilma Smitv.
Rosemond Shreve, Lucille Watkins,
Blanche Warner, Ethel Wallman, Giffe
Williams, Edwin Baldwin, Coron
Michaels, Gerge Rafferty, Clark Rich
ardson, Alfred Truscott, Jessie Wacek,
Tom Wallace.
Mr. and Mrs. R. S. Hunt have taken
the Mathews cottage, on Upper Main
street, and will be at home to their
friends after June 1.
'
Mrs. Charles Merrill and children
have returned home after a tour of
the north.
Issac Humphreys and family have
returned from a pleasant trip, which
was passed In the Huachucas.
Mrs. J. J. Bowen returned to Bis
bee last Monday on the Golden State
Limited from Los Angeles, for a
week's visit.
Clarence GHlidete has gone to the
Coast for a visit
A. J. McDermott, an old-time Bis
bee pioneer and friend of Judge HIgn,
is visiting here from his home in Los
Angeles.
Mr. and Mrs. Albert Albertson who
"-.ive resided In the Warren district
Jr- the last eight months, left last
week for California, to make their
future home. Many friends here will
regret tbeir departure.
A. L. Simington is here fom San
Diego to make his home in' the War
ren District.
Thomas Moran, an employe of. the
Phelps-Dodge store, has resumed his
work after a vacation trip to the
Coast.
Mrs. C. L. 'Riley or Warren, left
Wednesday for New Orleans.
Mrs. H. Clark has gone to Cleve
land, Ohio, for the summer.
'
C. A.- Patterson and W. B. Porter have
gone to Santa Monica, California, to
enjoy their vacation.
Walter Roche left Thursday for
Davenport, Iowa, to visit with friends
and relatives.
V. W. C. A. Notes
There wiM be vesper services at the
Y. W. C. A. this afternoon at 5 o'clock,
to be followed by an address by J. B.
Tenny on "Life in China."
The Red Corss Society is holding re
hearsals at the "Y" building, preparing
for an entertainment to be given in
the near future.
Miss Ethel Coleman leaves Monday
for Greeley, Coi'J.
The girls' camp to be established at
Ramsey Canyon this summer promises
to be a lively place, as many girls have
signified their intention of enjoying
camp life. Mrs. Poppen's camp fir
girls, numbering about 18, will leave
Monday and will be gone one week.
Miss Moyer went to the camp Thurs
day, returning borne again Saturday.
The freshmen class in English,
taught by Miss Jessie Toland, of the
High Bchotol, has turned over its picnic
fund to the local Red Cross.
Madrid dispatches say Spain Is near
breaking point with Germany as a re
sult of continued submarine outrages.
"SPIRIT OF '75 SHOWS IN NEW BONNET
A9W 3,ri
A til - 1
A Itm I'M tw
, The "Paul Revere' bonnet r.nd the Utcst martial coat. ,
Tliere never was any question of the courage that sent Paul Rt .Tre ti
waken the minute men of Lexington alfii'Concord, and few people question
the fact that the hat he wore on tu it danpeious ride should serve p.s a
model for one of the most beconilnfr ts of the season. This "Paul Revere'
bonnet resembles the one worn by famous hero. It is of velour fe!t
absinthe colored, trimmed with fancy tiblion and a signal corps insignia
Miladi also wearfc tha latest martial coat.
I Brilliant Colors Vie
For Supremacy In New Garments
The summer outfit that does not in -
clude a foulard dress is Incomplete.
During the days that are in the, 90
degree class or on cooler days, the iou toned street shoes or high-heeled danc
lard frock can be worn with satisfac-' ing slippers. A decade ago a dozen
tion. pairs of black stockings (most of then.
i
Very few ribbons are used on small
hats. A charming model has the low
er part of straw, in a soft light shade
'jf brown, and has a big bow of match
ing ribbon. There are several in
stances of small hats with embroidered
bandeaux, the embroidery being made
entirely of dull beads. One model is .
three-cornered hat made of old rosv
horse hair with a bandeaux embroid -
ered with dull beads in the same colof
that is charming. '.
-
Wearing pumps, besides being more
comfortable, is a patriotic conservation
jf leather. White, patent, gun-metal,
beige, with both Spanish and French
heels, are being shown.
Black and white is the favorite com
bination at 'present
"Come-out-of-the-kitchen" waists art
made of gingham. One model shows
a large sailor collar and cuffs of white
pique, also a detachable tie that snaps
on and off. These serviceable waist:
take their name from a play of the
same title, and are not 'only pretty but
wear extraordinarily well.
Long scarfs of white chiffon hem
stitched onto gay borders are quite
the fad with motor girls.
Brass buttons trim red, or black and
white check-lined capes of navy blue.
While the skirt of the tailored suii
is decidedly narrower, some of them j
measuring but two yards at the hem,
that of the dress is gracefully wide. A
few tf the models have an extended hip
line, but the majority emphasize the
straight silhouette. Speaking of the
new skirts, it is whispered that two
of the famous designers are favoring
the "hobble." They have designed
models that are so narrow they are
slashed up on both sides to permit com
fort in walking.
Roman striped ribbons and silks are
again being used to add a bright touch
ID the new summer togs. v
That woman foregoes much who neg-
lects or denies herself parasols, when
the sun is high in the heavens and
spring is melting Into summer. A
parasol is the last note in elegance
in a costume. .
Ribbon sashes and satin girdles art
ever so pretty with summery frocks or
organdy or net
As warm weather draws nearer the
fancy turns from the high buttoned
shoe to cooler low footwear. Pumps
known as the spat-pump or gaiter are
designed for wear with or without but
toned cloth spats.
New century girdles for women ar
composition and metal. In antique and
Japanese designs. There Is nothing
newer in the market
Flesh cofrr and tea rose shades
are ravlshingly beautifjl when com
bined. Navy taffeta coats with bright lin
ings are rivaling black satin coats.
Of course, sport attire hp.s Influenced
hosiery as lt has everthing in the ward
robe, and there are a hundred and one
A
"is?
i .V..' . .. ':
Win s. tAvr i .
With Each Other
1 varied types of sport stockings, all per-
I fectly correct with sport shoes but far
I from the proper thing with formal but-
; lisle and a few silk) would have seen
a woman through a season very nice).
Even then, only ten years ago white
stockings were the exception unless
one was very much dressed up in white
canvas low shoeB or else the white
hose were dinned with kid Vr satin
party slippers.
Their charming simplicity and be-
' coming style have caught on. This
newest creation for milady's ward-.
robe that became a vogue over night.
' j . i .
j of design
that is truly feminine.
Women's stronghold overalls are
made in chambrays, olive and tan
khakis, covert cloths, and some spe
cial new patterns in stripes and
checks, they are sturdily but daintily
put together. Pearl buttons, ankles
fastened with strap and buckle.
It is not that the styles of the mo
ment are designed for stout figures
fashion never made such a 'conces
sion as that but that most of the
current modes can be adapted suc
cessfully for stout wearers. For one
( thing one would imagine that the;
stout person ought to shy skittishly
at the very mention of a barrel skirt,
but It is really more becoming to a
bulky silhouette than a skirt that
flares out in a straight line from the
waist
Darning stitches are used effectively
on many hats. A design Suitable for
this work is combined with two dainty
flowers to make tan attractive medal-
ij0n. The darning is as effective done
on straw as it is on any other mate-
rial.
A new importation of Japanese wool
challis is one of the attractions which
allures the seeker after novelties to.
bag making and materials for bi'juses
and negligees. No fabric ever brought
into our country is more artistic i.r
both coloring and design than the
Japanese challis.
Orange, brown and gold is a
derously beautiful combination.
Middy sweaters are extremely smart
and popular among the younger ste
n'ow.
Sport colors are woven into
very smart washable girdles.
Dispatches fom Washington say
United States' government plans to
build 3500 war planes and train C000
aviators In a year.
Vitolox
"I was raised in the South, subject
to malarial conditions all my life.
nrohablv taken n.rrpi nf mrfiotn
Some time ago I got a dollar bottle
of Vitolox, and I must say this remedy
seems to take more poison from the
system than anything I ever took. I baking powder; half teaspoonful salt
have gained several pounds and feel'anj vanilla to flavor. Beat eggs sep-
iikc a new man.
J. G. CANNON,
McGOFFIN AVE.,
EL PASO, TEX.
6 Bottles will cure any case of mus
cular or Inflammatory
Sold on a guarantee.
rheumatism.
Interesting Things for the House
keeper to Know, Recipes, Etc.
It behooves the present day house -
keeper to spend the family money
wisely, and in no other place can
more be wasted (therefore more mon
ey needlessly spent) than in the kit
chen. Feed your family good nour
ishing foods. - with an occasional
dainty, but let the everyday meals be J
plain from choice, instead of wait
ing until necessity forces economy on
us.
Corn Meal and Wheat Bread.
One and a half cups milk, water.
or ft mixture nf the two nno.half
cake compressed yeast, or one and
cne-fourth cups milk water or a mix-
ture of the two. one-fourth bf a cup
liquid yeast, one and a half teaspoon-
ful of salt, one Wbjespoonful of sugar,
butter is used, one tablespoon, one
cup corn meal, two cups wheat flour.
Pour one and a half of the waterl""ea separately, taxing care to nave
over the corn meal, sugar salt and
fat, if used, and heat the mixture
gradually to a boiling point or nearly
to it and cook twenty minutes.
This cokolng can best be done In a
double boiler. The water is sufficient
only to soften the meal, allow the nanaiui or sau into tne water and yon
meal to cool to about the temperature wiu find that tneT do nt take so much
of the room and add the yeast mixed . crapin(r and will not discolor the
with the rest of the water (one-half '.bands. Also, to take away the black
cupful) or the one-fourth cupful of J ne9S nd render them white and floury,
liquid yest. Mould thoroughly and let Put tablespoonful of vinegar into the
rise to double its size, make into a
af and put in pan of standard size,
allow it to rise until it nearly fills the
pan and bake 45 or 50 minutes:
In creaming butter and sugar for
cake, especially if large quantities are
used, a wire potato masher will pro
duce excellent results in a short time
and with little effort.
Warm Weather Drinks.
Continual drinking in warm weath
er is simply a bad habit. A warm
weather drink should be something,
that will assuage the thirst, not in
duce it. and at the same time cool
the blood. Here are some excellent
tsted receipes which fulfill those con
ditions and are economical to make:
Here is an excellent lemon sirup;
warm six lemons, this frees the juice.
and peel them. Put three pounds of
sugar (more or less according to
whether you like a tart or sweet
taste) in a jug with, the peel and
pour on pints of boiling water,
stir then when cool squeeze the lem
ons in. and two ounces of tartatic
acid also add a piece of cinnamon
stick. Let the mixture stand "for a
day then filter and bottle it. A tea
spoonful to a tumbler of water poured
from a jug held high up makes a very
nice drink.
Another beverage of which the base
is oranges: Peel a dozen oranges,
then cut them Into sections and boil
!n sufficient water to cover them.
Press with a wood presser while boil
ing and add two pounds of loaf su
ear, previously warmed in the oven.
and a few cloves. Strain through fine
muslin and bottle.
What might be called simple drinks
are- as follows: Oatmeal water that
has stood for some time, then care
fully strained with a dash of lemon
juice or pure lime water, is a bever
age which quenches thirst and sus
tains you.
Apple water is made as follows;
Bake and mash a tart apple and pour
on it a pint of boiling water. Beat
up. cool and strain. It can be sweet
ened if desired.
Parley water, which we all know
how to make, with a little sugar add
ed and then boiled up with the grat
ings of peel from oranges, is a drink
of delicate flavor.
Lemon juice and olive oil make a
finer dressing for salads than do olive
oil and vinegar.
Apple salad: Choose bright red ap
ples, polish, then cut off a round torn
the stem end and remove the pulp,
separate from the seeds and core, and
chop in small bits. Mix with one
third as many chopped nuts, add salad
dressing, mix well then refill the ap
ple cases ani ser very cold. This
salad is delightful for the hot weather
meals.
When baking fish, slip it Into a small
canvas bag before putting it into the '
water. It then can be boiled as long
as desired without it breaking into
pieces.
When cream is too thin to whip, ada
the unbeaten white of an egg.
Did you know that honey in coffee
brings out the flavor of the beverage
as sugar does not do? In fact the
honey, while it does not reveal itself
to the taste, adds a richness to the '
morning cup which nothing else can
give.
Date and nut loaf: One pound
oneA dates, one pound English wal
nuts; one cupful flour; one cupfur su.
gar; four eggs; two teaspcbnfuls of
arately and cream yolks and sugar; sift
baking powder and salt with flour;
stir into the mixture, then fold in the j
wnues or eggs; aaci vaniiia. Gates, nut.
meats, which have been chopped a j
few at a time; pack In a bread pan
lined with buttered paper and bake
slowly for one hour. This loaf acts a
a substitute for the mfat dish ftr the
average family, and is alsti a change.
Try this recipe and see if your family
Is not delighted with the change.
Take half a lenAm, remove seeds and ,
pound np pulp in skin: fill with salt
and use this to clean brass pipes an
faucets. Use soft flannel cloth to ge
a high polish afte rthe salt and lemon
have been applied.
An excellent syrup In which to glaze
fnnts and nuts' 9130 nower V1 r"
qUireS tW CUP9 f 8Uar t0 one cup
.f, SUr UntU 8Ugar ia dissoWd-
add plnch r cream ot Urtar do
not 8tIr or 8nake lhe saucepan but t
10 zau aegrees. or mi oriltle waen test
ed in cold water. Dip each piece to be
lt completely covered; then lay on but-
! lerea llns lo QrT- et in a cold place
to harden. If first dipping is not suc
cessful, repeat.
When scraping new potatoes put t
! Pan before straining them
The Churches
Special Service at Presbyterian
In connection with the morning ser
vice Sunday at 11 o'clock 'members
will be received into the Presbyterian
church and the sacrament of tha
Lord's Supper will be administered
The session meets Sunday at 10:30
a. m. in the church to examine any
desiring to unite with the church.
Sunday school at 9:45 a. m. Chris
tian Endeavor at 6:30 p. m. Topic,
"Financing the Kingdom." Luke
19: 11-26. Public worship at 11 a. m,
and at 7:45 p. m. In connection with
the morning service the Sacrament of
, the Lord's Supper will be adminis
tered and members, will be received
into th church. The session will
meet in the church at 10:30 a. m.
Sunday. Mid-week meeting Wednes
day at 7:30 p. m. Choir practice on
Thursday evening. John a Fry, pas
tor. Methodist Episcopal
Sunday school at 9:45. Public
worship at 11. Epworth League meet
ing 6:30. Subject. "Why I should at
tend a League Institute." Miss Moyer,
leader. Evening worship. 7:30. Ser
mon, "Prospecting." This will be the
first of three Sunday night sermons
on the general subject of mining.
The second will be "mining" and the
third, "Smelting." A cordial welcome
to all. C. W. Harshman, pastor.
First Bapt'st Church
9:45. Sunday-school. J. H. Brana
man. superintendent; 11:00 preaching.
Subject "Who made God." 6:45.,
Jnnior and Senior B. Y. P. U. 7:45
preaching, subject. "Watching Jesus
on the Cross." Wednesday evening,
prayer meeting; Thursday evening,
choir practice. A cordial welcome to
all. Bring your friends. F. M. Pit
man. St John's EPiscopal Church
Sunday school 9:45 a. m. Morn
ing service. 11 a. m., Thursday, choir
practice, 7:30 p. m. H. S. Brewster,
rector.
The Sonora Phonograph Sales Co.
has been Incorporated in New York
with a capital of $6,000,000.
BACKACHE SOON
DISAPPEARED
Could Net Do Hcuccwcrk
Till Lydia E. Pinkhcra'a
Vegetable Compound
Removed Caucc
Fort Fairfield, Maine. 'Tor many
months I suffered from backache caused
PI;
by female troubles
tj I was unable to
do my house work.
I took treatments
for it but received
no bvlp whatever.
Then some of my
friends asked why
I did not try Lydia
E. Pinkharc Vege
table Corr pound. I
cid so and my back
ache soon disap
peared and I felt
like a different woman, and now havo
a healthy little baby girl and do all mv
house work. I will alweys praise Lydia
E. Pinkham'a Vegetable Compound to
women who surfer as I id. Mrs.
ALTON D. Oakes, Fort Fairfisid. Maine.
When a remedy hnti lived for forty
jvars stor.riily growing in popularity
end intli-cr ., tnd thousands upon
thousand.-. . ( wo men declare they owe
their health to it U it not reasonable
to believe that it is an article of merit?
If you want special advice write to
t. - j - v pbk. uWin. r
dential), Lynn, Mass. Your letter will
be opened and read by women only. V,
FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 27, 1917.
... Lodge Notices ...
OF
10 M
WEEK ENDING JUNE 2, 1917
Mon. Red Cross & K. P.
Tuesday
Wednesday-
Thursday
'Friday
i Saturday
C. BLEDSOE, W. M.
T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. ft A. M.
M. COLWELL. E. H. P.
F. PHILBROOK, T.LM.
a FRY. E. C.
F S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chapter
and CommaAdery.
W. R. BANKS. SecreUry ConnclL
N.
B.
A.
C.
J.
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets in Medigovich Hall 2nd and
4th Fridays of each month. .
HATT1E A. LUKE. Guardian.
PAULINE F. BROWN. Clerk.
P. O. Box 621. '
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7: SO, Brophy HalL
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge No. 10
Knights of Pythias
mee$8 each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brother
cordially invited.
t
EARL eiOBLEY, C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM, K. of R.
S.
All
3. L. WINTERS, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk
Woodmen invited.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple, No. Sheets every 2nd
' and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows HalL Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
ANNA HART, M. E. C.
JEANET SWEENEY, M. of R. C
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Blsbee Lodge No
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Monday
of each month at
7:30 at Odd Fel
lows' HalL Vlit
leg members cordially invited.
PHIL. DAVIS, President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTf, Treasurer.
Box 722, Tel. 236. Red.
CATHERINE SALHOLM. Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets In MeJigovicl
Hall, second and fonrtfc
Tuesdays each month
Visiting brothers wni
come.
M. C. BENTON, Councillor.
I. L. BENTON. Recording Secretary
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fr
day of each month. Visiting brother
cordially invited to attend.
R E. WARNER. Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY, Secretary.
if yx. Jei
BISBEE LODGE, No. 10, I. O. O. F.
Meets ever
WEDNESDAY
Avpnlmr At CAA
- n
Fellows Hall
Main street at 7:00 p. m. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend
Hall phone lis.
CARL V. NELSON, N. G.
G. A. PLUNKETT, SecreUry
Trail
GARAGE
Long
OPEN TILL 12 P. M.
JOHNSON ADDITION.
PHONE 831 FOR APPO(NTMENT
Mr. Car Owner, if you have trouble, real or imaginary, with your
car, give us a call. Consult our exper-.. No charge for information
or examination. We are conducting a repair business eecond to none
and each customer must be a satisfied customer. We have ample
floor space and day light to work by, and will appreciate your inspec
tion of our shop. Each man a mechanic ana no apprentices. We carry
in stock accessories. Diamond tires. Veedol Oil and Greases.
FRANK MARTIN & CO.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 210.
Meets in I. O
O. I: Hall sec
ond and fourth
SATURDAY
at 7:30 p. m
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend.
GEO. SLEEMAN, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, SecreUry
r. O. Box 426, Blsbee.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbet, Camp No. 13416
Meets flrst Tuesday at
Odd Fellows flalL
R. L. MOTZ. Consul.
H, F. MATH.E W SON.
Clerk.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
I MeeU every Friday night. Moose Hal
i Visiting brothers cordiallv invited.
J. V. PETTEY, Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretarj
KNIGHTS & LADIES OF SECURITY
BISBEE COUNCIL, NO. 2115.
MeeU every Thursday at Uclor
xall 8 p. tn. Visiting members are
cordially Invited. C. A. Clem, Pres..
Box 1023 Bisbee.
Frederick J. AtUway, Sec, Lowell.
E. Linquist, financier, box 33246, Lov.
ell;
Mrs. Edna Evans, Popular
Cookery Expert, Will Tell
Twentieth Century Club
Members Kitchen Secrets.
When "Better Cars Are Built
Buick Will Build Them" '
Hi lililllliw mi
r. VI i a f I
m iw
The home economics department of
the Twentieth Century Club will open
its week's series of practical and
economical cooking Instruction at
the Woman's Club house at two
o'clock tomorrow afternoon. Mrs.
Edna Evans, who will have charge of
the classes, is widely known for her
domestic science work, having been
engaged in this work) on the Coast
for twelve years. She is unusually
popular on account of her plain and
comprehensive manner of explaining
ber work and the tasty, economical
dishes she prepares.
The opening session tomorrow will
be devoted to salads, always an In
teresting subject for women, particu
larly as summer approaches and sal
ads and vegetables become popular
foods. Included In the course will be
a cake day, meat and fish day and
vegetable and sandwich day. In ad
dition. Mrs. Evans will talk on the
use and abuse of gas ranges and pro
per methods to employ In cooking in
order to reduce gas bills; she will
sive instructions in broiling meats
tell of many tasty substitutes for
meat dishes and tell her classes how!
to properly balance a meal. Summer
drinks and dishes will be especially
explained.
M-rs. Evans has consented to give
morning demonstration at 10 a. m.
Tuesday and all housewives are cor-
iially invited to attend. Mrs. Evans
will make bread and explain her three
hour method of making bread at this
meeting.- She will also make a cel
ery and nut load and luncheon to
matoes. Women who attend thet
lasses are requested to bring pad
and paper.
Monday Menu
Thousand Island Salad Dressing
Roquefort Cheese
Macaroni Salad
Egg Apples Hard boiled eggs are
colored to represent apples and other
fuits.
Cheese Delights (To be served
ith salads.) Several unique individ
ual services of salad will be shown.
Combination Salad
Tuesday Morning
Short Method Bread
War Bread
Corn Bread
Celery and Nut Loaf
Luncheon Tomatoes
SONS IN SERVICE.
Charles H. Williams, of this city,
has received word from his son Chas.
H. Williams. Jr., that he has enlisted
in the M. C. M. Battalion, Co. E. Cal
umet Engineers, Michigan, and last
I Thursday another son Herbert, well
i known especially among the musical
faternity of Bisbee, came home from
j Texas where he has been for the last
yean as leader of the Abeline Concert
band, to enlist in the United States
navy as a musician.
9
SI MJf ARsgjhr An,
Ir JjW Three-Passenger RoadsterNLj
FtJil f??X'&y$R More snap, more room, more comfort, Krjfiv)
Lf-; i than you would ever expect to find in a NTH I
VT.jf jt3 r vfcl car of moderate price. ' fi I
Wr ''' More power, more speed than you will ever require. J
3 c7v"?.V, SA
n
More snap, more room, more comfort,
tnan you would ever expect to find in a
car of moderate price.
More power, more speed than you will ever require.
The Dort Fleur-de-Ly's a three-seated cloverleaf type roadster
is mechanically identical with the famous Dort touring car.
It i3 typical of the honesty and quality that have made the Dort
the leader among moderate priced cars. It is remarkably tcotwm ical
See the Fleur-de-Lys.
The Quality Goes Clear Through'
NORTON, Distributor
Lowell, Arizona.
DORT MOTOR
Ell I I J MlYiVV. E. P. NORTON. Distributor
lf ;vl ' CAR CO.
D. STORES WILL
CLOSE AT SEVEFi
STAG BANQUET.
A stag banquet was given to the
junior class by the seniors of the
h&h school on Thursday night at the
Odeon Cafe. Alfred Truscott was
chairman of the affair. Eats were
served at 12 o'clock). Those present
were: E. Baldwin, A. Baldwin, C.
Richardson, J. McCrea, L. Vasilia,
Rafferty, D. Campbell, E. Hoesch,
Wallace, G. Williams, J. McKean;
Ferrel, V. Muirhead, A. Truscott
The following announcement is
made by the Phelps-Dodge Mercan-
ile Company:
Dating from Saturday evening,
June 2d. the Bisbee. Lowell and War
ren stores will close Saturday even
ings at seven o'clock sharp instead
of eight o'clock, as heretofore. We be
lieve our patrons will appreciate this
cnange ror the reason that our entire i
force will be on hard to scrva the
trade, whereas in the past it has been
necessary to let one-half of the force
off at a time for supper hour with a
consequent lack of service at that
time; this change will also permit the
store employes to complete their days
work an . hour earlier.
"We trust our patrons will co-operate
with us in making this early Sat
urday closing a success and would
urge all to do their Saturday shop
ping as early as possible in the day.
SUMMER FARES
TO CALIFORNIA
B
$33.00
MISSOURI IS WINNER
. OF CONFERENCE MEET
J.
T.
L.
Three Carloads fust Received
Including All Models
, Prices $785 $1535 Delivered
We have one of the new 649 seven-passenger. This is the most talked of car in
America today. Let us show you this beautifully finished product of the Buick factory.
We know you expect great things of this new car and we also know that you will not
be disappointed.
Gasoline is high. Why not get a Buick valve-in-head motor and keep the expense
down by getting more miles to the gallon.
DEMONSTRATOR AT YOUR SERVICE.
Southern Arizona Auto Co.
1223 G. Ave.
GEO. E. JACKSON, Prop.
Douglas, Arizona.
Phone 264
Road to Happiness.
Be amiable, cheerful and good nat
ured end you are much more likely to
be happy. You will find this difficult,
if not impossible, however, when you
are constantly troubled with constipa
tion. Take Chamberlain's Tablets and
get rid of that and it will be easy.
These tablets not only move the bow
els, but Improve the appetite and
strengthen the digestion Adv.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING QUICK .RESULTS
(By Review Leased Wire).
AMES. Ia., May 26. With a score
of 57 points the University of Mis
souri won the Missouri Valley confer
ence field and track meet here today.
The scores of other teams were: Ne
braska: Iowa States (Ames), H4;
Grinnell, IS! Kansas, 12Vi: Drake,
(Pes Moines), 6; Simpson, (Ijidian
ola, Iowa) 1.
Half mile relay won by Missouri:
Grinnell second; Nebraska third;
Ames fourth. Time 1:30 4-5.
Broad jump won by Simpson. Mis
souri; Griitzinatcher. Kansas second; i
Werner. Nebraska third; Dimmick, j
Ames, fourth. Distance 22.61 fee'.
33.50
38.00
37.00
BISBEETO A
Los Angeles and
return $39.25
Long Beach, San
Pedro, Ocean
Park, Santa
Monica and re
turn 40.00
San Diego and re
turn Santa Barbara
and return 44.25
San Francisco
and return . . 49 . 25
A Tickets on sale daily, April 27 to Sept.
30, limit Nov. 30.
B Tickets on sale each Friday and Satur
day. April 27 to September 29, limit
la days from date of sale.
Reduced fare to many other California points.
Ask the Agent for Particulars
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
"HAVE YOU BOUGHT YOUR LIBERTY BONDS"?
THE CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY
121 So. Central Ave. Phoenix, Arizona.
We specialize in Incorporating, Organizing and
Corporate Auditing and Supervise Meetings of Stock
holders and Directors of Corporations.
Write fcr Booklet "System and the Corporation."
P. O. Box 277R, Phoenix, Arizona.
Review Want Ads Bring Results
lit
to
MPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first and third
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m
Medigovich Hall. All
visiting Red Men invited
attend.
Wm. DELBRIDGE. Sachem.
W. D. COHEN, Medicine Man
F. C. FENDKRSON. C. of R.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
s meets in Masonic Hal
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meet
"La" In Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of eacf
vsJ' month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS. W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box 841. Bisbe
MRS JESSE BEVAN. Sec'y. P. O. Bo
2299, Chairman Relief Cpau Phone 161.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aei le, No. 176, F. O. E., meet
first and third MONDAYS. 8. p. m.
Eagles Hall. Visitors cordially wel
come.
RICHARD DAVIS. President.
M. D. COHEN. Aerie Physician
BISBEE CO. NO. 5, U, R. K. OF P.
Drill Practice every Thursday at
6:30 p. ui. at I. O. O. F. Hall, side
arms, uniforms optional.
H. G. APPL1N, CapUiu.
WILLIAM DtLBIUDtili. Kiclirdie.
Don't Consider Stock in the
LITTLE BOBBIE MINING CO.
At 20c Any Longer, But BUY NOW
It has an excellent property of unusual merit and promise that will undoubtedly
make a mine.
It has a very low capitalization only 450,000 shares, par value $1.00 each, fully
paid and non-assessable.
It is only about one-halt mile from the "12.000-ton a day" Ray Consolidated and
adjoins the Ray Silver-Lead and Ray Broken Hill, whose proven ore bodies trend in its
direction.
It is seeing at a comparatively low price, which should reasonably be increased,
when about 80 feet more work is done and a big ore body encountered.
Its officers and management are of the best.
Write for particulars, map, engineers' report, etc.
J. F. OONNOR
Anllcrs Hotel
Bisbee, Arizona THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 27, 1917.
FIVE
WEEKLY HEWS LETTER YOUNG .
HEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN fHNING DISTRICT
XAS GIRLS TRAIN TO FIGHT AIR BATTLES FOR UNCLE SAM
Men's Department.
Ninety -three men attended the Fel
lowship Bible Study Club on last Sua
day, and a great time was enjoyed.
The subject of "Punishment" was un
der consideration and the opinions ex-
,mer suit. Vague rumors are afioa
J around the lobby that he is contem
i plating taking uuto kunself a life part
!ner. J Mr. Fred Schwitzer is a new arrival
from Long lieacn. Mr. Schwitzer is a
pressed, while not all agreeing, were of 'plumber and is very favorably iin-
great value. Today the cluo will con- j pressed with Bisbee and the "Y"' and
vene at 5:30 and a good crowd is antici- jnopes to remain with us.
pated. Herbert Madsen has just returneu
hile in Tucson the first of the from San Francisco, where he has been
week. Secretary Richardson arranged spending the last two months,
for the Tucson fowling team to come P. L. Bachman has gust bought a
over to Bisbee and play the Mud-dig-1 bowling ticket and every evening he
gers. They will be here within tue will be found in the alleys practicing,
next ten days, and if the Tucson boys Looks as if he intends to make th(
make good on their promise, w ill re- team that goes iv Douglas,
turn to the Pueblo City w ith the scaip- Ooa Farmer, brother to James, has
of the home boys. just come from Terre Kauie, Ind., and
The athletes of the district are re- has gone to mucking,
quested to meet at the Association Clulord Chance has left for' Ohoi,
building Tuesday evening at 7:30. The w here he will spend the summer,
meeting is called lVr tne purpose of Gerald Dowd nas returned trom Los
effecting final preparations lor the Angeles.
athletic field meet to be held some A. K. Chapmaa is the proud posses
time during the month of June. The sor of a bunch of photos Ml himself,
meeting will be held in the lounge taken recently- when he thought, he
room. was going to the front. He didn't
Secretary Richardson spent Monday want his friends to forget him en
in Tucson attending the state confer- tireiy.
ence of the Red Cross organization, David Dozier, who has just joined
and reports much interest and enthus- the "Y," is going In for w resiling. Dave
iasm ljr this humanitarian work. Mr. is big and expects to make good.
Wm. R. Husch, national organizer, was j Following are men who have joined
present and ocnducted a school of in-jor renewed their memberships: David
struction. Doz.er, V. F. Fowler, R. K. Peardwell,
H. H. Baron, ex janitor at the "Y," Donald Crawford, Cecil Chalmers, K. L.
has just departed for his old home in ;Doeil. Hoy Ellison, A. U. Hynn, Wm.
Los Angeles, wehre he is the prouu 1 Eastbourn, Leslie W ood, Wm. 11. Mil
possessor of a small ranch. He says ler, J. P. Quaid, Nlc Mirkovich, Ellen
he is going to raise spuds for the al- Steel, C. E. Tate, J. J. scluih, H. H.
lies. ' ! Harper, Hugh Pitman, Frank Clark, H.
C. C. Mitchell, general 'office assist-' W. Esson, R. M. Haddow, J. G. Quigley,
ant, returjj d Friday from his war G. S. Routh, James LL West, Raymond
council fupl trip, after visiting Tomb- ( W. AUard, Richard Copeland, John
stone and Benson. He was quite sue .Dodds, J'ohn A. Moga, Ray McAllistei,
cessful lnsecuring liberal contribu- C. Arthur Chiles and Dr. K. B. Dur
tions to the cause, and reports great , fee.
interest inj the work the Y. M. C. A. Boys' Department. f
is doing lor the soldiers in the war School is out Everybody has been
zone. very busy getting that extra credit
A. G. Hendricks, popularly known Now that that is settled and the report
around the "Y" as Fifty-fifty." has card Is O. K.'d the boys will begin to
blossomed forth in a brand new sum-! think about the swimming pool at the
i Y." A good plunge makes anybody
! feel better, and thai applies especially
j to the boys. After the game of ball
H .-"?ti or tenuis it puts new "pep" inilj a fei
VY: r l v
J 1
I 5
!
4
3.
4 L
4
t
4 )u
TV f "
4
It . V
t!J i!
Doctors Stand Amazed at Power
cf Bon-Opto to Make Weak Eyes
Strong According to Dr. Lewis
Guaranteed to Strengthen Eyesight 50
In One Week's Time in Many Instance
A Free Precriptioa Yon Can Ht
Filled ami Use at Home
Philadelphia. Pa. Victim of ftp stmin
and otliiT rye wcaknoewji, and thuse who
wear glussrs. will u' ghid to know that
accordint to Dr. Lewis there ia real hope
auu neiu lor incm. Muor wboae eyes
were failing ay they htTe had their eyes
restored by this remarkable prescription
and many who once wore glasses say
tbey have thrown them away. One man
says, after usiny it : "I was almiwt blind.
Could not see to read at all. Now I can
read everything without my glasses and
my eyes do not hurt any more. At nicht
they would pain dreadfully. Now they
feel fine all the time. It was like C
miracle to me.' A l:idy who used it says :
"The atmosphere seemed hazy with or
without glasses, but after using this pre
scription for 15 days everything seems
clear. I can read even fine print with
out glasses." Another who used it says :
I was bothered with eye strain caused
by overworked, tired eyes which induced
fierce headaches. I have worn glasses for
several years both for distance and work,
and without them I could not read my
own name on an envelope or the type
writing on the machine before me. I can
do both now and have discarded my king
distance glasses altogether. I ran count
the fluttering leaves on the trees across
the street now. whirh for several years
have looked like a dim green blur to me.
1 cannot express my joy at what it has
done for me.
It is believed tliflt thousands who vrenr
-'Tsses r:n now discard then in a reasou-i
Girl aviators and li of tlifir in:,iiuctt.,s at awut.cn school near Houston. Tcxs
BISBEE WOMAN'S
CLUB HOLDS FINAL
MEETING THIS YEAR
j was a Shakespeare Pay nnd the sec-'
ond a Riley propram. Mrs. Teufert
contributed to the latter event with
i several enjoyable readings. Mrs. S.
Kyle also read an interesting paper
on Riley.
Current Events
The current event meetings, of
which there were seven, were ably
its last conducted by Mrs. W.'E. Hankins. In
Friday, ' October two afternoons were devoted
The Woman's Club held
meeting of the year lasi
the hour being passed in hearing re- i to studying the proposed amendments
i?)4i'vk''.CJi 'OW- A large number of the old mem-
E j '""'? '! I new are leaving their applications for
'Sr? membership with the intention of Join-
..r - . ' '. nv ll u acun ua thav trot "that "
0 Saa I Tne Boy ScouU will be pleased to
r M" " i kwn that the y m- a- Boys' d?"
? lC J ipartment has lined up with them and
i i I will throw open the boys' bullamg i"?
I ' J the Scputs for their meetings and the
" A Tlf -?-tflTr 'gm for a11 tneir raas nieclinss. a
i council is oeing iormea ana big tnings
i are expected in the near future. A
j rough estimate has shown that there is
at least 500 boys in he Warren Dis
' trict who are eligible for membership.
Judse T nomas and Chief Allison
j have fixed up a treat for the boys in
j the form of a mock tril. This will bt
j heid t'oday t 3 o'clock in the boys
' lobby. They will show how Dolice
McDo .aid's Marinello Shop Phrns 305 court ia run. Every boy in tne dwlrlt..
' i is urged to be present at this meetine.
t-.-U j Refreshments will be served "after the
-w .? . 1...:.. i i
The boys' advisory board will meet
Tuesday, May 29, at 7:30 p. ni. in the
general offices.
The committee on constitution ot
the boys' cabinet will meet in the boys'
department office Monday, May 28, at
7 p. m.
Every boy is urged to be at the Czar
field each Saturday at 2:30. A large
crowd plays ball there at that time.
A Marinello
Cream For Every
Complexion
Acne Cream for blackheads and
pimples. Motor Cream for protect-
tngthcfk-in. Whitening Cream for bleach
ing the skin. Tissue Cream for rcuiih or
wnnikied skins. Lermcecreamtorcieans
in p. Astringent Cream for large pores and
oily skins. Futy cent and dollar packages.
4a Frmm demonatratian at 9
V
7
Your
Films
Are
In Safe
Hands
WHEN WE DO YOUR
KODAK FINISHING
Dix Studio
Agencies
Sasse Candy Store.
Lowell Drug Co.
Proper Food for Weak Stomachs.
The porper food for one man may be
all wrong for another. Every one
should adopt a diet suited tj his age
and occupation. Those who have weak
stomachs need to be especially care
ful and should eat slowly and masti
cate their food thoroughly. It is also
important that they keep their bowels
regular. When they become constipat
ed ir when they feel duull and stupid
after eating, they should take Cham
berlain's Tablets to strengthen the
stomach and move the bowels. They
are easy to take and pleasant in effect.
Adv.
PIN THIS UPON
WIFPS DRESSER
Warns women against cutting
corns and says they lift
right out
Because style decrees that women
cf.iwd aud buckle up their tender toe:;
in hich heel footwear they suffer from
corns, then they cut and trim at these
painful pests which merely makes tho
corn grow hard. This suicidal habi'
may cause lockjaw and women arc
warned to stop it.
A few drops ol a drug called freez
one applied directly upon a sore corn
ives quick relief and soon the entire
corn. rVxit and all, lifts out without
pain. Ask the druK store man for a
quarter of an ounce of freezone. which
rosts very little but is sufficient to re
move every hard or soft corn or callus
from one's feet.
This drug is Rummy but it dries ii:
a moment ami simply shrivels up the
corn without inllamlng x ever irri
tating the surrounding tissue or skin
(Advertisement)
ports of the year's work and electing
officers for the club year of 1917-18.
The reports of the department work
included philanthrophy, music, art,
literary, social and current events.
Mrs. C. F. Hawley, as chairman of
the philanthropic work, submitted the
following report: $10 given to girls'
scholarship fund; $10 towards the sil
ver service for the battleship fund;
$10 towards the silver service for the
battleship Arizona; $10 for a Red
Cross membership; $25 to the board
to the Arizona constitution and in
itiated measures proposed to be voted
on in November. Mr. C. F. Philbrook
took charge of this work, and his ef
forts proved very helpful.
'After election and a program de
voted to election results four other
programs were given, at which the
topics for discussion were the Euro
pean War, Universal Military Service,
Foreign Relations and other current
questions.
The first aid class organized by Dr.
MILK REPORT NOT AS
GOOD AS LAST WEEK
of charity at Christmas time. Eighty Bowker is still studying,
volumes were given for a library at i The following are the officers elect
Somerton, near Yuma, Arizona. Con- ed for the next club year: Mrs. D.
tributions of clothing have been made ' H. Landes, president; Mrs. Ben
at various times, with a large num-1 Frankenburg, vice-president; Mrs. S.
ber at Christmas.. j Kyle recording secretary; Mrs. New-
Musical Events I man, corresponding secretary; Mrs.
The music department, under the M. C. High, treasurer and Mrs. F. E.
able management of Mrs. Sam Frank-! Coles, auditor.
enburg, opened the club year with an
afternoon devoted to Wagner's "Tan
hauser." On Riley Day poems set to
music, were sung as a part of the
program. Mrs. Frankenburg also de
voted time during the spring to some
card parties, given to raise money.
These were well attended -and success
ful financially. An evening card
party was also given by Mrs. Frank
enburg and Mrs. Coles.
The social department, in charge of
Mrs. Coles, has been unusually active
this year. There was a needle work
exhibit in October furnishing timely
suggestions for Christmas work. In
November a kitchen shower and so
cial afternoon were combined with
the demonstration of the pressure
cooker fcy Mrs. D. A. Farish. In
March, Social Day was observed with
a luncheon at the club house, fol
lowed by auction bridge.
Mrs. D. H. Landes, chairman of the
art department, gave a program de
voted to Murillo. Sketches of his life
and work were given, illustrated with
a postcard projector.
The literary department, headed by
Mrs. Frances Cummings, gave two
programs during the year. The first
The city milk report, compiled from
tests by Dr. R. B. Durfee, city bacter
iologist', shows that less dairies are
in the Class A division than last
week. The report follows:
Class A
H. Hussan . . .
Wohlschlager
Class B
Fat
.4.
..4.
Fat
San Jose 3.1
M. & G. 3.
Stark . . : 4.
Pure Milk Depot ..3.8
Kirkland 2.7
Class C Fat
Warren Ranch .... 2.6
Bact. Fluid
3.000 87.47
10.000 87.60
Bact. Fluid
100,000 8S.10
80.000
230.000
300,000
4.000
SS.10
87.02
87.49
89.16
Bact. Fluid
15.000 88.6S
TO LOOK OVER L. A.
Mr. J. M. Ilaller a capitalist from
Yoakum, Texas, arrived in the city
last night to investigate the property
of the Louisiana Arizona Copper
Mining Co., in which he is interested.
NEW PREMIERS ARE
SIMPLE TO ORIVE
able time and multitude more will be
able to atrengtben tb-ir eyes ao as to be
spared the trouble aod eipense of erer
getting clasart. Eye trouble of many
descriptions may be wonder'ully benefited
by the use of this prescription. Go to any
active dru store and get a bottle of Bon
Opto tablets. Drop one Bon-Opto tablet
in a fourth of a glass of water and let
it dissolve. With this liquid batbe the
eyes two to four times daily. You should
notice your eyes clear np perceptibly right
from the start and inflammation sad red
Dens will quickly distippear. If your eve
bother you even a. little it is your duty to
take steps to uve them now before it
is too lute. Many hopelessly blind ttiijtht
have saved their aitcht if they had cared
for their eyes in time.
Note: Another prominent PhTairian to when
the shore article was submitted, said: "Yea,
tlie Bon-Opto preemption n trolr a wonderful
eye renwly. lu ronstitornt inrmlientu are well
known to eminent eye pcriahnta and widely
prrarnhed by them. I hara aard It rer
cewtully in my own practice on patient whoae
eyea were strained thronrh orerwork or mialit
naMea. i ran hirnly recommend n in eae of
weak, watenr . acninc. amarnni, Hchinx. hom
ina eyea. red liiia. blurred vision or eyea in
flamed from exooaure to anw. nn Hu
wind. It is one of tin aery few prepnrnttur.a I
feel should he kept on hand fnr rrirnlar nse in
almost erenr family.- Bon-Opto. arfcrred to
ahove. is not a oatrnt medii-in .....
remedy. It is an ettiical preparation, the
inula beina- printed on the par a ire. The maa
ufucturers cuarante it to strew-then evejurht
to per rent in one week's tine in many inatanrea
or refund ttie money. It ran je obtained frnea
any tuui dnixzit and ia sum! in tlu city by
Trie Bisbee Drug Co. and others
In claiming that the new Premier
car is the simplest in the world to
drice, E. P. Norton, county distribu
tor for Premiers and Dorts, shows
the following article, clipped fora one
of the Denver papers, to back up his
assertions:
"A unique demonstration of winter
motoring easily done was a feat of
driving a car with one hand for six
hours, continuously, through the bus
iness section of Denver, by C. H.
Davis, secretary of the Woods, Prem
ier Motor Company, Premier distrib
utor for Colorado, Wyoming and New
Mexico. The one-handed drive was
made from two to eight o'clock dur
ing heavy traffic, and attracted ex
tra attention because the streets
were icy and temperature ranging
from 8 degrees above zero to a few
degrees below. Stops were made to
pick up or let out prospective buyers,
and the gears were shifted into all
speeds.
"To give the test an official angle.
Secretary-Treasurer Charles F. Roeh
rig. of the Denver Motor Club, firmly
tied Mr. Davis' left hand to his body
where he could not use It in any way
to help handle the car. Manager L.
H. Johnson, of the Quick Service Tire
Company, rode throughout the test
as a witness. Before getting permis
sion from the city authorities to make
what they considered a dangerous
test, Davis took a traffic sergeant on
a sufficient spfti to convince him that
the car could be driven in this way
without endangering traffic."
The latest Premier purchaser here
is M. W. Mitchell, superintendent of
the Cole mine, who is now driving a
new "foursome" model.
Cotton receipts at the ports Satur
day estimated at 8000 bales compared
with 18.650 bales last year.
WATKINS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
ummer
All
TO THE EAST
May 15 and daily to September 30th, Final return
limit October 3 1st
TO CALIFORNIA
Daily to September 30th.
vember 30th.
Final return limit No
"THE LODGE" CLOUDCROFT
' Opens May 15th. Special round trip fares on sale
daily to Sept 15th. Final return limit Sept 30th..
Low round trip fares will be in effect providing
liberal stopovers Diverse Routes.
Ask your agent for full particlars. He will glad
ly help you plan your trip and make your Pullman
reservations.
Or Address,
GARNETT KING,
General Pass. Agent, El Paso, Texts.
Get at The Scares of Your "Skin Dis:":3"
Don't be misled by this term, for
the appearance of pimples, boils or
rashes indicate sometrung more se
rious than a mere "breaking out" of
the skin. These eruptions are, in
reality, signals from nature that the
blood is impoverished, debilitated and
in need of help. Of course you can
sometimes drive away the infected
places by applying a salve or lotion,
but unless you treat them through the
medium of the blood, they will occur
again and again.
S. S. S. has proven its wonderful
building and tonic properties in thou
sands Qf cases arising from disorders
of the blood. It washes the poisons
from the system and aids the blood in
its work of cleansing and invigorating
the body organs, throwing off wast
matter, and keeping the body in a nor
mal. healthy condition.
Prove these facts for yourself by
taking a bottle of S. S. S. and write
to our Medical Department for infor
mation about your case. Swift
Specific Co, 304 Swift Building.
Atlanta, Ga.
J The HI
HALLMARK Store
i
The "TON FORD" TRUCK ATTACHMENT
SPECIFICATIONS OF "TON-FORD" ATTACHMENTS.
AXLK Solid one-piece forging 2x2 35 Point Carbon Steel.
HEARINGS Large Size Timkcn Bearings.
IiRAKKS Lined service brakes on rear wheels. (Double internal expanding extra
large surface operated by foot pedal, eliminating Ford transmission brake, emergency
brakes on jack shaft.
CAPACITY 2.000 lbs. load besides body.
DRIVE Double roller chains.
FRAME 4 inch extra heavy channel steel.
HEIGHT 30 incites from ground to chassis.
SPRINGS Two siilo 2 1-4 inrh semi-elliptic and Cross Helper Spring.
TIRES Solid pressed on 32x3 Vi Firestone.
WHEELS Extra heavy best quality special made.
(GEARED 6 to 1, or 7 to 1, doubling Ford Power.)
WHEEL BASE 124 inches.
Pacific Light & Power Co..
opcratliiR 12
Southern California Gas Co !
Southern California Gas Co S
L. A. Gas & Electric Co 0
Southern California Edison Co 2
I'nion Ice Co 2
Wilsliire Oil Co
Morris Packing Co 1
Woodward Bennett Co 2
Hammond I.ihuIkt Co 1
Llewellyn Iron Works 1
Pinney A: Boyle Co 1
I'nion Hardware & Metal Co 2
National lee Co 1
Brunswig Drug Co 2
A FEW SATISFIED USERS.
Valvoline Oil Co t American Film Co 1
Los Angeles Packing Co ....3 L-KO Film Co 1
Hobart Nursery 1 Lankershira Ice Co - 1
Montgoniery-Mullin Lumber Co 1 Chaffee Basket Grocery Co 1
Doran, Brouse & Price 1 Charles Kerr 2
Western Pipe & Steel Co 1 Jordt Bros 2
I'nion Oil Co 2 Acme Brass
Economy Paper Co 2 Lucerne Creamery to 1
Rivers Brothers 1 Diicomman I lard war 1
Klein-Simpson Fruit Co 1 Van Borst Furniture Co 2
L. W. Stock well..: 1 Paul Howard Hort. Estab I
Peterson Produce Co 1 Mecse-Gottfried Co 1
Natick House Hotel Co 1 S. Isliiinitail 1
California Hardware Co 1 Hayward Lumber Co 3
Weavers Poultry RaiieJi 1 Patten-Davis Lumber Co 7
ROSS CUNNICK
EXCLUSIVE DISTRIBUTOR FOR COCHISE COUNTY
DOUGLAS, ARIZONA.
WAR INSURANCE
Loss or damage, caused by WAR, RIOT, INSURRECTION. IN
VASION, BOMBARDMENT, (by aerial craft or othewise), and other
hazards incident to WARFARE, is now insured against under a new
form of insurance called WAR COVER. We are prepared to furnish
this protection to property owners, written by the most reliable in
surance companies of the world. Rates for this form are surprisingly
low dwellings as low as 52c per hundred dollars.
WAR IS IMMINENT! Protect your property while you can get
this WAR COVER. You may not be able to get it after the actual
fighting has begun. ACT NOW I
ARIZONA INSURANCE AGENCY
Phone 190 T. A. Hughes, Mgr. Box 1191
Bank of Bisbee Building.
mm
Be sure to get your order for flowers in to us before
Sunday evening for delivery on Decoration Day.
Bisbee Drug Co.
Phone 38
Main Street six
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 27, 1917.
BE GREAT R0ZlANCEPREPAREMEiS5
0 LOUIS JOSEPH VANCE
r Novelizatton of the Motion Picture Play of tie
Same Name Produced for the International
Film Service, Inc., Under the Direction of
Wharton, Inc. cjit Sur Cmfmt.
THE CAST.
MRS. VERNON CASTLE
Patria Channing. v
MILTON SILLS as Donald Parr.
WARNER OLANO 'at Baron
Huroki. '
j DOROTHY GREEN at Fanny
I Adair.
5
'
SYNOPSIS.
Anticipating the long-threatened Japan-ese-Mexic&n
invasion of the aouthweat
ern stales, Patria Channing, an American
girl of great wealth, with the assistance
of ber fiance, Capt. Donald Parr tlate U.
S. A.) converts ber vast border ranch
lands Into what is virtually an armed
camp. Baron Huroki, commanding the
allied Japanese-Mexican forces, learns of
her preparations, and thinking to crush
them before they can become formidable,
orders the invasion to begin immediately.
Warning reaches Patria at the eleventh
hour.
FOURTEENTH EPISODE
Border Peril.
DAYBREAK.'
In the library of the Channing
hacienda lights burned lute Into the
night. Round a great oaken table in
the middle of the room some ten per
sons sat In conference. The surface
of the table was strewn with maps and J
papers the former- large-scale and
minutely detailed topographical maps j
of the Channing properties and the ad- '
jacent country, both north and south
of the border. 1
A council of war was in progress. !
Something after midnight it drew to-
ward its conclusion. A hush of
thoughtful silence settled down upon
the gathering, Patria and Donuld Parr
and theli1 aides those commanding
the several divisions of Patria's little
force of "watchmen" mentally re
viewing what had been said, reeon-
ning point by point such instructions
as had been issued and the course of j
action which had been agreed upon.
It was vitally important that noth
ing should be neglected, forgotten, or
overlooked.
This business to which they were
committed was so desperate, their
hopes for its success so meager and
forlorn, that the little company of pa
triotic adventurers dared neglect no
least item of precaution.
'According to reliable information a
great army was marching to invade
the soil of the United States an army
made up of the allied forces of Mexl'
co and Japan which had for so long
been encamped in the fastnesses of
the hills immediately south of the
border, awaiting Tokio's word to ad I
vance.
Today, apparently, that word had
been spoken; it was known that the
allied troops had broken camp and
were In motion toward tbe border.
And it needed only a most super
ficial examination- of the maps on the
table to demonstrate that the one
feasible path of Invasion lay through
the Channing properties.
And the forces which Patria had
gathered together to oppose this long-,
threatened invasion were so pitifully
outnumbered that their sole hope of
surviving lay in the thoroughness of
their preparations; only courage that
held life a thing of little moment
guided by cool-headed intelligence of
the highest order could render effec
tive the plans these few had made o
surprise, outwit, and repel the Invad
ers. The shrilling of the telephone bell
Interrupted the silence. Parr took up
the instrument, spoke briefly Into it,
and handed it to Patria.
"A telegram for you," he said.
The grl listened attentively to what
was communicated to her by "the tele
graph operator at the nearest railroad
station, some twenty miles away, then
thanked him and coolly bung up.
"Washington," she said, "acknowl
edging my wire warning them of this
Invasion. There will be an Investiga
tion ordered immediately, and If my
Information proves well-founded
troops will ie sent."
"Nothing could be fairer than that,"
Parr commented grimly.
"I think," said Patria to tile com
pany "we have said all that could be
said tonight- We all know our duties.
The Instructions you have received are
not subject to change except m
gency and then you must rely upon
your wits to save yourselves and the
' rest of us. Now let us adjourn, and
If we can, get a little sleep."
. There was a general movement of
chairs being pushed back from the
table. The men rose, and waited In
little groups while one after another
went to say good-night to Patria. She
shook the hand of each, and Donald
did likewise. There were few words
spoken but tbe handclasps were firm
ami significant
These were possibly their last fare
wells; This unuttered thought In
formed every mind. Dawn would find
each at his post Where sunset should
find them, none dared guess.
One by one they vent their ways
Into the night At length Fntria wos
alone with Donald Purr. He turned
to her, offering to take her In his arms,
but she shook her head with a ll'tle
smile.
"Not here," she begged, "not here,
Don dear while there's moonlight In
the paUo 1"
Catching his hand she drew him
with ber through the doorway. . .
The patio was very still and peace
ful and deserted. The moonlight sil
vered It exquisitely. Its air was sweet
with the scent of flowers. In the
shadow of the old well in its center,
Patria released Donald's hand, and
turned to him, lifting up her face to
his lips. ...
Perhaps for the last time . .
How she found It possible to let Sum
go, in the end, she never understood.
With a sense of the unreality of it el
she watched his soldierly figure. In Its
khaki field uniform, stride away
through the chiaroscuro of milk-white
moonlight' and Inky shadow, till he
disappeared in the passageway lead
ing to the front of the house.
And for a long time after he had
gone she fctood clasping the hands
upon which his parting kisses had
been pressed, and staring at the spot
where she had last seen him.
It seemed so hideously wrong that
these things could be, that this world
so beautiful could be made the slaughter-pen
of embattled humanity. She
thought of France, the land she knew
and loved so well; her last night in
France had been a summer's night,
moonsmitten and warm and sweet
even as this night She had sailed
for New York the next day ; and a
week later the great war had broken
out. And now all northern France
was the theater of horrors unspeak
able. And tomorrow would see the incep
tion of an effort to render her own
United States a counterpart of
France ...
The most she could hope for was
that the preparations she had made
would check temporarily the invading
forces, give the country time to real
ize its peril and arm against It. For
the invasion, once launched, would
never be stayed but by overwhelming
force. If checked where the Chan
ning property met the border. It would
only recoil to strike a new and more
effective blow. Even assuming the im
possible that the Channing ranch
should prove an impregnable obstacle
in its path It would need only to
sweep round it In order to reach a
peaceful and defenseless land and
blacken it with the Infamy of war,
turn it into a place of death and terror
and torment and hideous waste, make
It a sister to Belgium.
And all because1 a purblind people
I refused to see that the one way to
stave off the sin of war was to make
the country so strong for defense that
no invader would ever dare set foot
'across its borders.
Slowly the girl ascended to her bed
chamber.
Its windows overlooked the south;
she stood In one of them for a long
time staring v incredulously at the
mysterious distances that lay beyond
the boundary line between the two
countries, the shadowed enigma of
Mexico that rested so quietly there in
the face of the moon. .
Somewhere out there, somewhere
between the border and those serrated
mountains that walled in tbe southern
horizon, thousands upon thousands of
men. Tinned and equipped, were
marching northward; troops of caval
ry were marching with them: trains
of ammunition, companies of artil
lery, machine-gun corps, all the di
visions of modern military service,
were astir, tinder the cloak of the
night
Her imagination conceived that
army of invasion in the guise of a
great berpent crawling through the
shadows to strike at the heart of a
sleeping giant, a loathy, deadly,
vicious thing that squirmed foully
upon its way to do a deed of inexcus
able treachery and cruelty. . . .
The vision of that great serpent
haunted all her dreams. She slept 11L
fitfully. Between naps she lay awake,
staring wide-eyed into the darkness,
every sense alert, straining to heat
any sound that might be the over
ture to tomorrow's tragedy, fancy
lng that she heard the confused but
rythmic shuffle of those thousands of
emei-.marching feet
Towards dawn she fell Into a pro
found and dreamless slumber of ex
haustion, from which she was awak
ened In broad daylight by the sound
of distant firing.
Leaping- from her bed she seized
binoculars and ran to the window.
But the glasses showed her nothing,
at first The sounds of firing persist
ed great thudding detonations ac
companied by the screaming of shrap
nel in the air and shattering explo
sions as the shells found their billets.
But nothing in the face of the land
beyond the border revealed the source
of the firing or betrayed the fact that
any considerable body of troops was
Bearing the. boundary line.
Only in the air three warplanes
hung, like buzzards, soaring, darted,
swooping above the border country;
and frnra toera, now and urn in stock
bombs were dropped, signaling a coil
to the gunners of tliut hidden butter
Dressing in the maddest haste, 1'n
tria ran from ber room, and withou
pausing to tliid and question anyon'
who might be about the house, left th:
patio by the passageway.
In front of the house her motor
car was waiting by prearranged or
der In charge of an orderly. Fron
him, as she drove toward the aviation
field, she learned little or nothing, lie
bad arrived at the house with the car
at about the time when the firing be
gan. He could tell her no more than
that the end of a sleepless night had
found every man upon the ranch at his
post and prepared to sell his life to
the highest bidder.
On the way they passed a squad of
men operating an anti-airplane gun
which they had just brought Into ac
tion. They worked steadily, method
ically. Intelligently, as if they were
well-accustomed to their business in
stead of the novices they were in all
save drilling.
And the accuracy of their firing was
astonishing. By the time Patria ar
rived at the aviation field, a lucky
shot had brought down one of the hos
tile aircraft another was winging
southward as fast as its engine would
move it and the third was engaged in
a duel with two planes sent up by
Patria's corps.
Fascinated, she stood watching this
spectacle long after her own biplane
hud been wheeled out of Its hangar
and made ready for her ascent
The three In the air were so high
that they seemed little larger thus I
swallows, and like swallows they;
wheeled and swooped, spitting fire at
one another, their planes flashing in
the young sunlight like swords.
In the end the Invader took refuge
in flight, the two defenders snapping
at his heels ; and so they drifted from
sight,' far south of the border..
The distant firing had now become
more fast and furious.
Clambering into the seat of her bi
plane, Patria grasped' the controls and
gave the word to start the engine.
Five minutes later she was at an
elevation whence she commanded a
view of tb country north and south
of the boundary line.
That report had not erred In saying
that the Japanese and Mexicans meant
to invade in force was dismayingly dis
closed. The roads to the south of the
arroyo which marked the International
line were choked with regiments of
horse and foot Patria's wildest fears
had not prepared her for the sight of
so vast an army. Her heart sank ; the
handful of men with which she had
thought to oppose this army seemed
more than ever pitifully inadequate.
She had expected them to be outnum
bered ten to one; the truth was that
they were outnumbered a hundred to
one. , J
Tet they were fighting gallantly j
a gallantly as if they imagined that '
the odds against them were less brutal
ly disproportionate. Which none did.
Under cover of the sand-bag parapet
of the first trenches immediately to
the north of the bridge spanning the
arroyo several companies were doing
good service under galling conditions,
sweeping the approaches to the bridge I
with machine-gun fire while suffering
a rain of shrapnel.
. This last came from that battery j
which had awakened Pntjia with its '
first shots. It was sheltered behind a '
hill at some distance south of the !
bridge, and Its gunners, having got the
range of the trenches, were subjecting
them to a bitter fire, constant and
deadly. Already (Patria saw) there '
was a constant procession of wounded
moving by communicating trenches to
the rear, either in stretchers or mak
ing a laborious Journey afoot assisted,
perchance, by some comrade's shoul
der. And already the ground beyond
the parapet was littered with bodies
of their dead.
And this was only the beginning. . . . j
To the man in the observer's seat by i
her side Patria communicated certain '
Instructions which he swiftly trans- j
lated into wireless to be picked up by
the operator at the headquarters Pa- j
tria's people had established well back i
of the main line tinches. Within five i
minutes the effect of her orders was i
apparent The first line trenches were
being rapidly vacated, their occupants
hastening back to the greater security
of the main line. While one of Parr's
masked batteries, going on informa
tion communicated by Patria, got the
range of the Japanese guns beyond the
bill and began to pound them merci
lessly. The evacuation of tbe first-line
trenches was accomplished barely in
tune, even ' as Patria had foreseen
Patria's Fears Had Not Prepared Her
t s ,
i- , f '" . S ' V- " 7 .''t:iA'.,"-i ! -
vnen isi;'.!ig tne oroer. - iiey cvuki
have het'ii held oniy Ml U ."! tiiO hi;;li
.'nr their value.' As they were emptied,
rcgimcnr after regiment of Japanese
infantiy which hud been wailing till
the butteries hud prepared their way,
charged across the bridge with Irre
sistible ImiN'tus and swept over the
trenches like a living wnve.
Not, however, entirely without oppo
sition. Ominun had. Mr reasons of
his own. elected not to retreat. Aloue
he greeted the onslaught with machine-gun
fire, spraying deuth over the
bridge and its approaches. Dozens of
the charging troops fell before ho ran
out of iiiiimiinition or was silenced by
a shot well aimed ; Patria never knew
how the fellow met his end. He was,
one minute, working his weapon busily
and methodically; the nest, he was si
lenced; and his fate was masked by
the hordes that took possession of the
trenches. -
As this happened, Tatrla's observer
touched her arm to draw her attention
to their personal peril. So absorbed
had she been In the action beneath
her that she and for that matter, her
observer as well had altogether neg
lected to look after the safety of the
biplane. : ,
It was now menaced by no less than
three Japanese air scouts lightly
armored biplanes carrying two pas
sengers and equipped with machine
guns.
Soaring out over the battlefield at a
great height these assassins of the air
had chosen shrewdly the right moment
to strike at Patria's 'phine. The latter
happened to occupy the lower levels
of the air alone, at that time; no other
machines of Patria's. flying corps were
at hand; the two which had pursued
the first hostile airplane beyond the
border were lost to view in the heat
haze that veiled the south, their fate
a mystery; all others were still In the
hnngars or delayed by minor circum
stances at the aviation field.
Upon the lonely craft piloted by Pa-'
tria. then, Jhe three Japanese dropped
dnc from their high level with the
ferocity of hawks, opening fire with
their machine guns as soon as they got
within range, and attacking the de
voted biplane from three sides.
Taken utterly by surprise with no
more than the touch of her observer's
warning hand upon her arm by way
of preface to a hailstorm of bullets
Patria did the only possible thing per
mitted by the conditions, that is,
sought safety in forthright flight And.
since she was hemmed in on the north,
east and west, she was obliged to drive
into the south.
For n few moments she expected
each breath to be her last. Bullets
whistled and sang between the planes
or tore their flimsy surfaces or glanced
from twanging struts and cables like
sleet through the ribs of a coverless
umbrella. It seemed nothing short of
miraculous that none found lodgment
in either Patria or the observer.
Then, however, the slightly superior
speed of the American engines began
to make itself felt Patria drew slight
ly ahead and at the same time tilted
the nose of her machine and begun to
climb. Immediately the firing of the
machine guns ceased, and the three
Japanese closed In behind and stretch
ed out In determined pursuit '
The four swept nway into the south
ern skies like leaves whirling before
a squall. !
Climbing steadily, Patria gained the
5.000-foot level at a distance of some
miles within the Mexican side of the
border, her three pursuers outpaced
but undlscouraged hovering in the of
fing like wolves that w-alt for a winded
stag to fall.
And now fortune cho to favor the
American for a little. Out of the haze
In the south a fifth aircraft was ap
proaching. For some .time In doubt as
to whether it was auothcr enemy craft
or possibly nn American 'survivor of
that triangular duel which had result
ed from the first air skirmish of the
day, Patria was quickly able to recog
uize certain peculiarities of construc
tion which unmistakably Identified the
newcomer as one of her own corps.
There was, however, no way of tell
ing how it was manned, whether by its
original crew or by the Japanese who
might have captured the 'plane. But
all doubts as to this were soon set at
rest by the action of one of ratlin's
pursuers in abandoning his first ob
jective and sweeping off at a tangent
to engage the stranger who cheerful
ly greeted this new antagonist with a
withering blast of machine-gun fire.
Circling warily, like prizefighters'
sparring for an opening, spitting fire
ind hatred, the two were temimrarlly
forgotten by Patria, who had pressing
personal mutters demanding Instant
attention.
for the Sight of So Vast an Army.
mi
to
Lb E
"The House of Comfort"
Continuous from 1 to 11
P. M.
TOMORROW
PATHE PRESENTS
THE 14TH CHAPTER
OF
THE GREAT PREPARED
NESS SERIAL
i
With
MRS. VERNON CASTLE
THE TRIANGLE
KAYBEE
PRESENTS
E-ja
M H Mi i
In
A Truly Great Western
Story.
ADMiSSION
10 AND 15 CENTS
MATE .
Wm.
r "33 j Q
. ;7f f
: ' v
They Were Fi
With this re-enforcement reducing
the odds against her to two to one, she
executed a maneuver which her su
perior'speed had made feasible through
giving her a tolerably long lead,
wheeled figuratively on her heel that
Is, in as narrow a circle as the biplane
could compnss and gave battle.
Handling the machine gun emplaced
beside her, the observer opened tire at
lung range, as soon as he could bring
the Weaion to bear, and scored first
blood by winging one of their two
antagonists so severely that he was
forced to abandon the combat and de
scend for repairs.
The other proved more elusive and
Rtont-henited. Driven with superb
skill, it danced through the air with
apparently as Utile stability as a
midge, making itself a target we!l
nigh as fugitive as a mote In a sun
beam. Belt after belt of ammunition was
fed by Futria's observer Into his ma
chine gun nnd wasted on empty air,
thanks to the evasiveness of the Jap
anese. That the latter had no better luck
In scoring off Futria's 'plane was little
satisfaction. There was only room
for exasperation in the minds of the
Americans, that the end must be so
long delayed aside from the settled
determination that weighed upon their
senses with the power of obsession
tliut the duel could and should end
but one way with the extermination
of their opponent
Providing that were accomplished,
and assuming that the other American
biplane was similarly successful In the
contest now raging between it and the
Japanese, something like a thousand
feet below them, the hostile air fleet
would be rather effectively crippled
Judging by the number of 'planes
which it had thus far discovered nnd
the disparity between the forces of
Invasion and defense would, by that
much at least be reduced.
Aud yet moment after moment
passed without either side scoring a
crippling hit. The "plan" of both
were fairly riddled by the streams of
bullets they exchauged; Patriu's ob
server had suffered a slight flesh
wound In the shoulder. She herself had
repeatedly felt the wind of bullets
winging past her face as though the
Icy tongue of Death were licking it.
As for the other side, there was
reason to believe, from what they
could see, that the pilot was nursing a
wounded hand. But this had not served
to discourage him. He pursued his ef
forts to enable his observer to deal
Patria's craft a mortal blow with un
abated grinmess, skill and cunning.
Then, -of a sudden. It was mani
fested that the store of ammunition at
the command of the Japanese had run
out lie fired one final gut of bullets.
then in a twinkling abandoned the field,
drooping almost headlong froai that
high level whereon they hr.d fought
With no more notion of mercy !n
her humor than she would have felt
had the Japanese been a tigor-shnrtc,
Patria tore down the air lanes In pur
suit the planes of her machine at
times so steeply Inclined that they
seemed well-nigh vertical. Only the
most consummate mastery of the art
of flying could have made such a feat
possible.
And then, in a twinkling. It was all
over. They were dropping like twin
plummets, the Japanese airplane some
two hundred feet below Patria's and
a little distance to one side. The ob
server, training his weapon with the
greatest coolness, ran his last hell
of cartridges through the machine In
one last roaring blast and scored.
The Japanese 'plane seemed momen
tarily to be mysteriously checked In
mldfilght It hung for a little as If
checked by the grasp of some great
Invisible hand. Then, as If that hand
were slowly closing upon It the thing
crumpled like a broken toy crumpled
pitifully in upon Itself and fell flutter
ing aimlessly, turning over nnd over
with ever Increasing rapidity, and
throwing off two limp, sprawling
shapes of men that distanced it to the
earth, whirling horribly.
With a supreme effort Tntria righted
her machine, brought It to nn even
keel, and steadied it upon a homeward
course.
Only fixed refusal to permit herself
to think of what bad happened en
abled her to acsoniplish this. She wns
afflicted with violent Inclination to
nausea. Of all forms of death, for the
time being, this seemed to her the
most terrible this death of violence
in midair which she had savagely
deult out to the enemies of her coun
try. But what was needed to restore her
nerves to their normal steadiness was
presently accorded by the enemy himself.
3'ntirtg Valiantly. '
The final act of the tragedy had
taken place barely fifteen hundred
'cot above the earth; and in the en
suing struggle wiih herself Patria hud
neglected to tilt the 'plane so as to lift
them to a higher and sufer IeveL Xmv
abruptly something that sounded as-"
touishiugly like the voice of an angry
dog barked sharply at them from be
low, four times in swift succession,
and a secoud luter four shells of
shrapnel sprayed out a trifle to tho
right of the biplane and well above it
An anti-aircraft gun, a tw.o-pounder
pom-pom mounted in an armored mo
torcar, was getting their range. Its
next belt of shells would explode in
much more uncomfortable proximity to
ihem aud did. But by this time Pa
tria wus aiming for the zenith at tho '
sharpest angle compatible with safety.
For. something like five minutes the
shells pursued them, then gave up the
task as hopeless, and diverted thrir,." .
attention to the other American air-..:
plane, which hud apparently' come, ctf
a victor in its encounter, and iwus
winging borderwards about bulf a ohm - -astern
of Patria's 'plane. i ..I ..D -
But in this instance, as well, tbe
pom-pom failed to accomplish iMiV'
than to frighten its target to a level '
beyond Its runge.
As they swept buck across the boun
dary line the progress of the buttle
raging below wus disclosed to ihem in
puiaful detail.
The initial reverses deult out to the
defenders were boiug driven home by
tl'.i; Japanese and Mexicans in the
most methodical r.ud businesslike fash
ion. Thousands of troops had been
thrown across the order, occupying
the first-line trenches abandoned by
l'r.trla'a order, and busily Intrenching
ihemselves still furt'icr close in under
the muin-line trenches, umilsi'.vyed by
Ihe withering ride uad m.:chiue-gi;n
fire tbr.t was sleeted upon th-u from
the latter.
Elsewhere they were taking ad-
vantage of everything Itft tiea to
them. The buck-nda left open to cap
ture through design was a center of
:; mazing uctivtiics, apparently lux lug
been couiui;:iKlo.red a lieul head
quarters. The Jupuut:o and Mexican
lags Hew above it. Armored motor
cars were parked before it. A t'uld
telephone was being wired to the cen
tral switchboard csiublh-hcd In i-ne of
Us rooms. Mt!t In uiiiunui swarmed
in and around It like unts.
Beyond the ride th::: stood between
It and the border, n field buttery was i
r.niimbering to t!iel the Biuin-Uu -:
re utiles. -
As Putria descended to the silati.m
Held, stretcher bearers were Jliovln!
:;!-mg one side of : cleared spuco
in epprrentiy Interminable prprrs-.-Jon.
'o e;'.ch pair Its burdm of munled nnd ;
cr::it nted humanity. ',"s
With a sharp p:.ng of fear for Don
ild. Patria ran to the fluid headquar
ters and hud herself put into communi
cation with the main-line trenches.
It seemed that she was never to suc
ceed In getting Donald to the tele
phone. Not till his accents greeted her
was she able to draw a free breath.
(END OF FOURTEENTH EPISODE.)
Lifting Power of Heat
Weight can be raised by heat, and
in this agent Is a great, source of me
chanical power.
A pound of coal produces by Its
combination with oxygen an amount ot
heat which, if mechanically applied,
would suffice to raise a weight of 100
pounds to a height of 20 miles above
the earth,' surface. Conversely, 100
pounds falling from a height of 20
miles and striking against the earth
would generate an amount of beat
equal to that developed by the com
bustion of a pound of coat
Wherever work Is done by heat beat
disappears. A gun which fires a ball
Is less heated than one which fires a
blank cartridge. The qaallty cf beat
communicated to the boiler of a work
ing steam engine Is greater than that
which could be obtained from the re
eondensatloa of the steam after it had
done Its work, and the amount ot work
performed Is the exact equlvaleut cf
the amount heat lost
No Help.
"Why don't yon get married and
have a wife to soothe your troubles?"
"I don't see much to it Got a friend
who even married two women. When
be was pinched for bigamy neither
wife went near him." Kansas City
Journal.
Maybe He's Modest
"I can't understand it"
- "WhatT"
"lie's been working at his present
Job for two months now and doesn't
claim that his pay has been raised
three times already." V
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 27, 1917.
SEVEN
Review Want Ads
Advertisement under this ed at the rate of 1 cent per -word for each
MU with a minimum charg j of 26 cents. Advertiser-tents mnst reach The
Krrlew ofltce not later than 4 p. in. for Insertion in the next mornin paper.
Wanted
LADIES: I am giving away a fine
Morris Rocker for distributing four
dozen packages Cream of Rice. Write
mt nnnk in V. Rnhlnsnn 9307 irphpr
at once to E. Robinson, 2307 Archer
Ave., Chicago. 203
SALESMAN Capable specialty man
for Arizona; staple line on new and
exceptional terms;, vacancy now; at
tractive commission contract; $3i
weekly for expenses. Miles F. Bix-
ler Ct), 721 Carlin Bldg., Cleveland,
Ohio. 234
SALESMEN Sideline men. Do you
want a real one that one order a da
will pay you $9.00? No samples to
carry; something new. Write today.
Canfield Mfg. Co., 208 Sigel St. Chi-
cago. 111.
233
GOVERNMENT needs clerks; men,
women; examinations Bisbee soon;
departmental, postoffice, rail wa
mail. For free particulars, write J.
C. Leonard (former Civil Service ex
aminer), Kenois Bldg., Washington.
232
SALESMEN Do you want a real, live,
up-to-date sideline? Especially good
for small towns; commissions paia
same day merchant ackonwledges ,
receipt of goods. Pioneer Novelty j
Company, 1306 Wells St., Chicago. I
23b!
WANTED Work, beginning June 2nd,
neat, reliable woman would w'ork in
hotel or boarding house for husband's j
board and some wages; must be j
clean, respectable place. P. O. Box
626, Warren, Ariz. 273
WANTED Nursing, by practical
nurse.' Call 191 Temby Ave. 208 I
-I
WANTED I have $200 cash to pay on
house;' balance monthly. Address
B. C Review. 221
WANTED To rent, small sleeping
room in Tombstone Canyon. G. B.,
care Review, 187
WANTED To buy or rent, six-rtoiu
house with bath; must be in. Box
Y. R, Review. 157
WANTED A chambermaid, at
toria Hotel.
Vic
172 WANTED Maid for general, house
work and cooking. Phone 683. 167
WANTED Girl for general house
work. .Apply 21 Quality. Phone 17.
143
WANTED Plain or fancy . sewing, by
fashionable dressmaker. Men's shirt
a specialty; work guaranteed. 102
Hureins Hill. QfU
: j FOR SALE Lunch counter, Lowell
WANTED Work, a much needed in- Bonanza Bldg. See Earl Mann, Low
dustry. Henry Wilkms, profession-! elL 168
al auto washer and polisher at Lo
well Motor Co prepared to do first
class work. Phone 738 678'
j
WAN TED An intelligent person ma j
earn iuu montniy corresponding lor
newspapers; $40 to $50 monthly in
spare time; experience unnecessary; j
no canvassing; subjects suggested.
Send for particulars. National 1
Press Bureau, Room 975, Buffalo, X. j
Y. 237
U
FARMS WANTED Wanted to hear !
from, owner of good fm-va for sale.
Northwetaern Busines.
Minneapolis, Minn.
Agency, 1
;
WANTED Ladies to help us in tht !
sale of Sifk Hosiery. With a little
effort on your part you can keep I FURNITURE FOR SALE The John
yourself in fine silk hosiery. Ne . annm ss, 1,- ..
plan. Write for particulars, Na-:
tional Silk Hosiery Co., 487 East!
Main St, Columbus, O. 471
LARGE manufacturer wants represent
atives to sell shirts, underwear, hos-'
lery, dresses, waists, skirts, direct to J
homes. Write for free samples.
Madison Mills, 503 Broadway, New
York City. 978
WANTED Partner. I 'own the nianu-!
facturing rights in three counties ic '
Arizona of a recent invention that is
a household necessity; a good seller FOR SALE 1 room house and sleep
and big money-maker; good proposi- ing porch in Warren with all mod
tion to right party. Address Review ern conveniences. Chicken house
office and arrange for personal in-' and garage. Terms. Address Box
terview. M. J. H. 307 326. Bisbee, or Phone Red 754 (645)
PETEY DINK They Wouldn't Think Much of Petey's
- ( sk J frJBy ill
VW Uevo,yEE aW' - I IU "AVE. To J caTA ZTll JJ
Wanted
WANTED Man to work on
Brophy's Stables, Lowell.
ranch.
231
WANTED Salesmen, local represent- j
I - . i . - j . 1 : . i . mi . i ;
BUIC 1U1 BIUC1U1C Ltiat T. 14, f,Cl UUS1 I
ness every day; average $10 daily;!
no samples needed; something new. I
arlA na .iilalinA that will rrn k..nl
Write toady. American Sales Co.,
Denver, Col'j. 270
WANTED Salesman, experienced anv
line, for unexcelled new specialty FOR SALE Rooming house. Address
proposition to general trade; splen- j Box 2509, Bisbee. 286
did commission contract for Arizona,
vacancy now; $35.00 weekly for ex- FOR SALE 500 shares "Jerome Port
penses. Continental Jewelry C. J land Make frer- J- v- c- "Re"
721 Conitnental Bldg., Cleveland. I Vlew-" 210
Dio- . 271 'for SALE Five-room furnished
WANTED Bookkeeper,
mnwH '
wants small set of books to keep ev
enings; new systems installed to
suit Jur Dusiness; mommy trial oai-
ance and business statements; col-'
lAitinn lattaro t V. 1 1 oat tha m.nv '
Satisfaction guaranteed ; terms rea-
sonable.
view.
Bookkeeper, R. R. B., Re-1
289 :
WANTED Miners, or others having
acquaintance in Warren District !
and elsewhere, to represent high
grade copper mining proposition;
very liberal commissions paid; eiti.
er whole or part time employed. Ad
dress High Grade, Review office. 292
WANTED Option to buy or lease high
grade manganese properties through
out Arii'jna. New Mexico or Mexico.
Address Manganese, Review office.
293
WANTED By gentleman, good- fur
nished room; good location. H. G.,
care Review. 2v
For Sale.
FOR SALE Rabbits. As I cannot give
proper care, am letting go reasonable
my New Zealand Reds, Flemish
Giants and some mixed rabbits; also
PnCid natraa Poll aftiiniAMie hafftra
6:30 p. m. E. L Cumbach. Wood
Canyon, above Rolfs. 306
FOR SALE One sanitary couch, one
heating stove, one layette, never
used. Phone Blue 298 or write Box
1623. Zj
THE SINGER SEWING- MACHINE
CO. has several bargains In used ma
chines. Upper Main St Ph'one 332.
203
IFOR SALE Suit order shoD. Few
hundred dollars will handle it; must
sell at once. Investigate. Eox 2310,
Bisbee. 287
FOR SALE Five-room house and lot
Bakerville. $1,000; will net 22 per
cent per annum on investment Ad-
dress P. O. Box 586. Bisbee,
179
I
FOR SALE Seven-ptssenger St-deba
ker Four, 1916 moUel: good condi
tion; been run less than 4,000 miles;
price, $500. Address Box 917. War
ren, or Phone Blue 316. 46
FOR SALE Pord $225.
Apply
E. B.
104
Motor to.
FOR SALE 320 nr-ros srnnii farmin
landj aU un(jer fence; two ffoWiDg
wells; bouses and all tools. Inquire
Box 145, or W.
of Bisbee.
F. Cowan, at Bank -
895
Addition Furniture
to pay you the highest cash prices
for your second hand furniture. Al
so wants to trade or exchange you
new furniture for your old. We will
sell jou furniture cheaper than
anybody on easy payments. Call
in at the big brick building at the
Johnson Addition and let us ahow
you our large and selected stock of
house furnishings, or phone as at
our store. Phone 386, Johnson Ad
dition .
For Sale
FiOR SALE Lunch counter doing
good business; trial given. S. R.,
Review. 231
TOR SALE AT SACRIFICE Or ex
change for auto, mining stock, or
Salt River Valley property, first pay
ment, balance - monthly: 16-ro'jm
double house, suitable for two or
four families; .rented, $50 per month
as boarding, rooming house. Close
In; Bisbee. Owner in city few days.
Give address. Box B. E. F., Review.
170
FOR SALE Four-room house. 97
I Youngblood Hill. John Lundberg.
134
house; sacrifice for quick sale. W.
G., care Review.
298
tor SALE Four-room frm hm, I
Vpper
lace.
Lowell, $1,200. I.
W. Wal
2b. FOR SALE Forty h. p. automobile,
good condition; sell cheap; have no
use for it; or might consider "a trade
for a Ford if in good condition. Mrs.
Walters .one block across creek from
Central Theater .Lowell, first green
house on the hill. 272
FOR SALE Cheap, lunch counter and
dining room; also grocery and soft
drink stand; good location. Owner
must leave. Address C. R. Cafe, Gen
Del. 302
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Furnished room for gen
tlemen, aL'jve Independent Fuel of
fice, Main St. 297
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms;
gas and light in. 31 Montana St,
Johnson Add. 296
FOR RENT Two iOoms, furnished
for Iignt housekeeping or batching;
no children. 28 Montana St, John
son Addition. 1 268
RENT Two housekeeping rooms.
Jiggerville, NV. 14..
267
F0R RENT-Two nicely furnished
luuiiio lui uuuEKKKeuiue. tor miuii-K.
143 A, Dubacber Canyon, second
house frtm street 290
FOR RENT Cabin accommodation for
to; electric lights; price $8..00 67
Upper Lowell. 288
FOR RENT Two rooms with bath,
completely furnished for housekeep
ing; front and back porches; ladies
only. Inquire 107 Mason HilL 304
FOR RENT Three
for housekeeping.
elL
furnished rooms
56 Upper Low
222 OR RENT Batching room, furnished.
14 Tate Hill. Johnson Addition. 188
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
single men. 218 High' Road. Anna
Murphy. 173
FOR RENT In Lowell, newly fur-
uished room in private family. Ap
ply 27 Johnston Ave., upstairs. 180
FOR RENT Two
nicely furnishea,
cozy housekeeping rooms; large
porch; light and gas. 153 B Tem
by Ave. 181
FOR RENT Ro'oms. furnished for
batching or housekeeping. Custom
House. 140
OR RENT Two housekeeping rooms.
60 Castle HilL Mrs. B. O'Dounell.
146
FOR RENT Rtwm suitable for one or
two gentlemen. 102 Higgins Hill.
866
FOR RENT Rooms 75 School Hill.
612
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished rooms
82.00 per week and up. 405
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
MUSICIAN
Conservatory Graduate, would like
few more pupils. First month, 50c
lesson. Write Box 779. 31
REVIEW WANT AD8
BRING RESULTS
'DIRECTING CHIEF OF
IS THE NEW TITLE
;
Va &Wlb;A
Mmp' ..Jig. !: .
' ' ' General Petain.
"Directing chief of war operations" is the n-?w title borne by General
Petain, the hero of Verdun. In this pose, to which he was recently ap
pointed, he will see that French, English, Italian and even Russian move
ments are co-Arriinateri
For Rent
o or-KT-r i.- K0
Apply 215 Tombstone Canyon.
30i
FOR ' RENT One four-room house,
Tombstone Canyon. L. M., Review.
266
FOR RENT Five-room unfurnished I
house, at No. 27 Johnson Ave., John
son Add. 290
FOR RENT Four-room house; fui
niture for sale. Call 121 Quarry Can-1
yon. 285 (
TO RENT Five-ro'oms and bath, fur
nished, for the summer. No. 10 Oak
St, Mosen Hill, near the convent
299;
FOR RENT A five-room and a four
room house. Completely furnished;
no children. Hogan & Seeds. Phone
10. 171
Miscellaneous
SUMMER course for students in ai.
lines of beauty culture and hair man
ufacturing. Maxine Parlors, 251
American Ave., Long Beach, Cal. 23
BISBEE Mattress Upholstering Works,
Johnson Addition. We make new
mattresses; old ones made over as
go'od as new; old mattress called for j
and delivered same day. We also i
make the roll feather mattress. We j
do upholstering and furniture repair- j
ing; free delivery. Phone 734. 7 i
The Blackburn Studio of dress cut
ting, designing and making is now I
located Room 4, Maze Bldg., where i
everything" concerning the art of i
good dressing is taught by Miss I
Grant. 669
COX CO. loans 85 to 50 without se-j'iiortgage lien end sale issued out of
curity to men or women in perma-the Superior Court of the State of Ari
nent positions. NX honest wase zona ia and for the County of Cochise
earner refused, easiest weekly or on the 12th day. of May, 1917, in tue
monthly payments, cheapest rates, 'above entitled action, wherein S. W.
also loans on furniture, pianos, etc. 1 Mt-Call. the above named plaintiff, ob-
ConQdential, quick service. See usjtained a judgment and decree of fore-
if you need money. New Lyric
Theatre Bldg., Room 2. Phone 794.
821 j
HENDRICKS. Contractor and buildei
will furnish your plans and specifi
cations free
guaranteed.
of charge; all
Phone Red 488.
work
915
REVIEW WANT ADS
r
BRING QUICK RESULTS '
' " " " " . -.
WAR OPERATIONS"
OF GENERAL PETAIN
BUYS STUDEBAKER.
I Bill Gibson, chief electrician for the
IC & A., Invested in a new Studebaker
I Six yesterday at the Bisbee Auto Com
pany local agency.
There is a difference between
Saving the Hair and" trying
to resurrect it
HERPICIDE
s a hair saver!
Application at th better barber ahnpa
Guaranteed by The HerpiciJe Co.
Sold Ererxwher
CHICHESTER S PILtS
LLllcl Ark fo-r 2frniei'(tt for
l --olM-ter i'lamond Hruaidi
3'lllaia ltd and UrU n.rti.ic
S $r.exi -with fi!. Ril4wik
lmg1m. Ak'-r rfi-.rt.TEI2 9
yews k nowit hest, 5ic.t. A I ws keIi-J
S0LDPYP3i;GG!SISJVfRVlVHPi
Miscellaneous
$50,000 to loan on improved city prop
erty or for buildiug, on easy terms
of payment. T. A. Hughes, over
Bank o. Bi?bee. 697
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Taint & Wall Paper Co. tor all
kinds of work In our line. Pat Clea
ry, manager. Box 1495. Phone 720.
LEGAL NOTICES
SHERIFF'S NOTICE OF SALt.
No. 1542. '
In the Superior Court of the State of
Ari-'ona in and for the County of
Cochise.
S. W. McCall, Plaintiff, vs. Henry Out
ley and Florida Outley, Defendants.
Under and by virtue of special exe
cution and decree of foreclosure of
closure of mortgage Hen and sale
against Henry Outley and Florida
Outley. defendants, on the 8th day of
I February ,1917, for the sum of Four
; Hundred Sixty-nine and No.-lOO
i ($469) Dollars, with interest from
date of judgment at the' rate of teu
per cent per annum until paid, be
sides all further accruing costs and
interest I am commanded to sell
I that certain real estate particularly
described as follows: Lota No. 15,
16. 17, IS, l'i. 20. 21 and 22, in Block
No. 145. situatel in Douglas, County j
of Cochise, Territory of Arizona (non
State of Arizona), as bounded andj
described upon a map, entitled "Map '
of Douglas Townsite by E. G. Howe, t
f C. E.. dated January 12, 1901. as
j amended." and filed in the office of'
the county recorder of said County
of Cochise, State of Arizona.
Public notice Is hereby given that'
. -n,. .1,. 9n.K aZ , t..-
cn Wednesday, the 20th day of June.
1917, at 2 o'clock P. M. of that day,
in front of the court house door of
the County of Cochise, State of Art-
zona, by wUl in obedience to said
special execution and decree of fore
closure of m'ortgape lien and sale,
sell the above described property, or. . . . , ,
... . above described, before Jared D. Tay-
so much thereof as may be necessary 0 . DlrK0.
... .. . . . ... , J lor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
to satisfy said judgment with -biter- ,h ,K , T
est cost and accruing cost to the
highest and best bidder for cash in
lawful. monev of tha United State. '
Dated at Tombstone, Arizona, this
25th day of May. 1917.
HARRY C. WHEELER.
Sheriff.
GUY C. WELCH.
Chief Deputy.
First publication. May 26, 1917.
Last publication, June 20. 1917.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 8339.
Serial No. 033684.
United States Land Office, Phoenix, sona, who, on Aug. 14. 1912, made
Arizona, April 3, 1917. Homestead entry. 018931. for S. E. V
Notice is hereby given: That Sec 35, and Oct 23, 1914. made Addl
Charles Clason, whose postoffice ad- entry. No. 025936, for S. W. Sec
dress is Bisbee, Arizona, baa made ap- tion 35, Township 23 S Range 21 E
plication for patent for the following iG. & S R..B. Sc. Meridian, has filed
aanied lode mining claim, situated rn' notice of Intention to- make three year
:he Warren Mining District Cochise
County, Arizona, in Section 8, Town
ship 23 South, Range 24 East G.
i. R. B. & M described aa follows,
to-wlt :
Morning Star No. 4."
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the -S. E.
Corner, whence the hi cor. between
Sees. 8 and 17. T. 23 S. R. 24 E G. ft
S. R. B. & M. bears S. 53 06' W, 1536.8
teet; thence N. 66 30 W, 1500 feet
to corner No. 2; thence N. 24 11' -,
537.40 feet to Corner No. 3; thence S.
6 30 E 1500 feet to Corner No. 4;
thence S. 24 11' W 537.40 feet to
corner No. 1, the place of beginning.
oniaining a net area of 6.438 acres.
expressly excluding area in conflict I
lth Survey No. 1387, Al Hassan, of!
1.784 acres, with Survey No. . 1670, '
Contention lode, of 2.073 acres, and
with Survey No. 2133, Morning Star
iode, of 8.209 acres.
The location notices of this claim
are recorded in the County Recorder's Emil Marks, whose post-office ad
otBce, Cochise County, Arizona, as fbl- aresses are the same place, has made
lows: ' application for a patent tbr the follow-
Morning Star No. 4, Book 55, Record
of Mines, page 337.
The names of the adjoining claims
;o this surrey arc: Cn the North,
ilisbee Townsite. On the East Sur
vey No. 1387, Al Hassan lode and
A'ebster lode. On the South Survey
No. 1670, Contention lode. Survey No.
133, Morning Star lodes. On the
.Vest Survey No. 2133. Morning Star,
Survey No. 2674 Morning Star No. 1
lodes.
J. L IRVIN,
Register of the United States Land
Office.
i-'irst publication April 5, 1917.
Last publication June 14, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office, at Phoenix, Ari
zona, April 30, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Caleb
, Newman, of Hereford, Arixona,
vho, on Feb., 1911, made homesteaa
Entry 013306, for the S. E. Sec. 35,
22 S- R. 20 E., and Sept, 1915,
nade Add l Entry. No. 02S808, for S.
i U. S. W. Sectftm 35, Township
.2 S.. Range 20 E-, G. & S. R. B. ft
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
o make five year Proof, to establish
laim to the land above described.
efore Jared D. Taylor. U. S. Com
missioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, on the
2th day of June, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
DR. W. A. KINGSLEY (Oculist)
Specialist
EYE. EAR. NOSE and THROAT.
Several years' experience in Lon
iou, Berlin, Paris. Vienna. Deco-,itt-i!
by Kim; of Roumania in 1913.
Office, 122 N. Stone Avenue.
Night Phone 507-J.
Eyes Fitted For Glasses
Tucson, ... Arizona.
Ltv
mm ivT wiWir
. ' ( l ADI EiH EAvV ART! UERVI
u I Corps i jom t JL
1 V like Those little p.
I 1 CUNJ. HEAflVi AS Y, Ns
Ni l 'rJVA- K ? 1 !.
Roy A. Newman. James W. Haverty,
Joel r. Steele, jonn F. Ash worth, all
of Career, Arizona.
J. L. IRWIN.
Register.
First publication May 8. 1917.
Last publication June 12, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix. Art
zone, April 30, 1917.
' VflTinP la V. naxiK l..aM V.t T..1(
, , t, ' . , , ,
Salladin Barnes, formerly Julia
Salladin, tf Garces, Arizona, who,
on Oct 10, 1913, made Home
stead Entry, No. 023527. for NWU.
Ctflr.n 9 Tflvnahln 99 C Dan. 9A
G. S.' R. B. & Meridian, baa -lea
nptice of intention to make three year
aa vu ui Ma uuj JX m UUU .Ta.i.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James E. Kelly, of Garces, Arizona;
Belle Kelly, of Garces. Arizona; Per-
nel F. Whitmore. of Buena, Arizona;
' Alvira Bakealee. of Buena, Artiona.
J. 1 IRVIN.
Register.
First pubUcation May 8, 1917.
Last publication June 11, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the rnterior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix. Art-
jzona, April 30, 1917.
I NOTICE is hereby given that Day-
! ton L. Graham, Jr. Xtt Hereford. Art-
Proof, to establish claim to the land
above doecribed, before Jared D. Tay
lor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee.
Arizona, on the 12th day of Jun-. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Howard Grube, of Bisbee. Arizona;
! Joseph G. McCabe, of Hereford. Art-
sona; Joseph Hammer, of Hereford,
Arizona; Leslie Wilcox, of Hereford.
Arizona.
J. L. IRWIN.
Register.
First publication May 8. 1917.
Last publication June 12, 1917.
No. 033583
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. 8. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 819.
March 17. 1917.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
, Robert Hennesey, whose postoffice ad-
dress is Bisbee, Arizona, on behalf of
1 himself and co-owners, L Jacobson and
. ing lode mining claim, situated in the
Warren Mining District Cochise
I County, State of Arizona, in Section.
7 and 18. unsurreyed, T. 23 S.. R. 24
E.. G. ft S. R. B. ft M, which claim
is described as follows:
UMPIRE No. 1 Beginning at Cor.
No. 1, the S. W. Cor.; whence the hi
Cor. between Sees. 19 and 30, T. 23 S
R. 24 E, G. ft S. R. B. ft M.. bra.
S. 3 02' E. 9604 S ft; thence N.
36 57' W. Ii40.80 ft to Cor. No. 2.
the N. W. Cor.; thence N. 59 8
E. 597.80 ft to Cor. No. 3. the N. E.
Cor.; thence S. 37 02' E. 144LH
ft. to Cor. No. 4, the S. E. Cor.;
thence S. 69 36' W. 600.00 ft. lo
Cor. No. 1. the place of beginning.
Total and net area of said claim Is
19.680 acres.
The original location notice of said
Umpire No. 1 claim Is recorded In the
County Recorder's office. Cochise
County. Arizona, if. Book 49. Records
of Mines, at page 382; and the amend
ed location notice of said claim la
recorded lu said County Recorder's
office in Book 53, Records of Mines,
at page 621.
Adjoining claims: North El Paso
lode, unsurreyed. owned by L Jacob
son and Chas. Rambo; East Madero
No. 1 lode, unsurreyed. owned by R
Hennesey, C. H. Htowe and Chas.
Rambo, Wedge lode, unsurreyed.
owned by D. W. Art; South.
Panama lode, unsurreyed, owned
by Lee ' Joranovlch and H. W.
Clark son. New Tork lode, unsurreyed.
owned br Chas. Rambo and W. A.
! Dell; West Umpire lode, unsurreyed.
'owned by I. Jacobson. Chas. Rambo
land E. Johnson, Bull Moose lode, un
: surveyed, owned by Chas. Rambo and
'ee Joranovlch.
J. L. IRVIN.
i Register.
First pubUcation March 20. 1917.
Last publication May 30. 1917.
By C A. VOIGHT THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 27, 1917.
r
SUMMER BEAUTY IN NEW WASH FROCKS
EIGHT
If
SPECIAL
Advance Announcement
-OF
New Prices For Nemo Corsets
Effective on After Monday, July 2
NEMO SELF-REDUCING Nos. 300, 318,319,
320, 321, 322. 324, 326 and 341 now
$3.75 advance to $4.25.
. NEMO SELF-REDUCING Nos. 506, 508,
522, 523 now $5.00 advance to $6.00.
Absolutely Necessary to Maintain
The High Standard of Nemo Quality -
The Nemo manufacturers are determined
never to lower the quality of their goods. They
are now forced to pay two to three times as
much for some of the material used in their
corsets. , In paying the above differences in
prices, women may have the satisfaction of
knowing that they are getting a comparatively
greater value for their money than before cor
set materials went soaring.
You Need Not Pay Tnese Hig&er
Prices If You Buy Now
We have a number of these models in stock
which will be sold up to and including Satur
day, June 30th, at the old prices.
THIS IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY TO SAVE?
i i- I
Jffii AW iSSiUtess J !
.m i "mm si
r m REFRIGERATORS
m
I I I J --J 1 1 n
, jl - if ana wnoiesome in guaranteed nign-quai- r
o
U
FLAG
You will want a flag for Memorial
Day. We have many small flags, all
mounted on wood staffs. Fly one
from your window, decorate your
Auto. Now is the time to display the
Nation's colors.
"Safety First" For the Little Ones
Insured by our germ-proof refrigerator
construction. Health walks with the little
ones up through the tender years of child
hood when food is kept fresh, pure, clean
and wholesome in guaranteed high-qual-ity-
LEONARD CLEAN ABLE
One-Piece Porcelain-Lined
REFRIGERATOR
You can wash it like a clean china dish.
Exclusive, patented features not found in
any other refrigerator.
Saves one-third ice expense; prevents
food-spoilage another economy ; and
gives to the housewife conveniences to
which she is entitled. Built to last a life
time; a style; a style and size is suit any
purse. To avoid imitations, look for the
& trade mark shown above. Come in for
demonstration. Ask for our interesting
booklet of refrigerator facts. Come today.
Store Closed All Day Wedndesday-
Memorial Day
. Some Very Smart
Lingerie Dresses
Women's Lingerie Dresses vVi$
many women want just sucn aresses
for summer street wear, trimmed
with lace tunic and large collars, O.V
priced from $7.50 to $25.00. HM".
lUdU NLYY AlUVdO 111
Summer Frocks
of NET and MARQUISETTE
Wonderful variety, distinctive
and individual frocks, trimmed with
embroidery and laces and dainty
colorings ?many styles to choose
from, at $7.50 to $35.00.
Women's and Hisses'
Coatee Dresses
A beautiful collection of Coatee
Dresses made of dependable Linene,
Cotton Crepe and Grass Cloth in
combinations of plain coats and
striped skirls, from $6.00 to $10.00.
Children's Pretty
Gingham Dresses
Women's New Colored
Lawn Dresses
In large dotes, stripes, and
checks, with organdie collars. Charm
ing light summer frock for street
wear; priced at $3.25 to $6.00.
Women's Serviceable
Middy Dresses
Women's Middy Dresses of white
Galatea trimmed with belts, collars,
and pockets of the same material in
many colored stripes. All are care
fully made for good hard service, at
very modest price, $3.00.
Juniors' Gingham
Dresses
At $2.75 to $5.95
Exquisite Creations
Summer Dresses
ii.-
l6
Plan and striped combinations
with smocking, with coatse effects,
some are made of cotton crepe with
pique collars and belts. t
Daughter of the Regiment' Dresses
Beautiful Patriotic Middy Dresses for girls from
6 to 1 4 years, trimmed in Red, White and Blue, very at
tractive and absolutely new, at $2.50.
Dresses made of fine quality cham
bray in solid colors of blue, yellow and
pink. Dresses as they should be decid
edly appropriate for their purpose yet
with styles and smartness shown
every line.
in
Crepe de Chine, Georgette
Crepe and Sport Silk Dresses for
warm days in sport and staple shades.
Prices, to say the least, are fair. ' It
is surprising how much a little will
buy, and by that we mean style, and
intrinsic in the modes of this season
than for many years. Dresses that
you will enthuse over if you apprec
iate dainty winsome frocks. Ranging
in price from $15.00 to $90.00.
New Patriotic Middy Dresses
Daughter of the regiment dresses for small girls and
misses made of a dependable grade of Khaki in sizes from
6 to 1 4 years," priced at $3.00.
FEATURING LOVELY SUMMER WASH GOODS
These warm days have been the cause of great activity
around the wash goods section. The present day tendency
is to discard dull,, heavy fabrics for these beautiful light
weight materials. They are the strongest expression of
comfort and becomingness. This tendency explains the
instant and wide-spread popularity of these light summer
materials.
KAYSER OSTEND SILK JERSEY.
This very popular silk in the popular colors, White,'
Emerald, Amber, Coral and Saffire, exceptionally good for
separate skirts, silk suits, als o much used for trimmings;
36 inches wide, the yard, $2.50.
For The Vacationist
Mendel DrucKer Wardrobe Trunks
r -
MEETS THE NEEDS OF EVERY TRAVELER
In the Mendel Druc
ker nothing is ever "at
the bottom," or "in the
back." The hinge with
its detachable arms
and hangers enable 1
you, by one simple
operation, to reach any
garment without dis
turbing any other.
' Drawers are conveniently arranged to hold all your
other personal necessities. Space for a large hat may be
secured by turning one drawer upside down.
Trunks of all descrip
tions for the summer
vacationist at most any
price you wish to pay.
Select your trunk now
if you are to go for a
trip this summer, while
our stock is complete.
m
MANY LOVELY VOILES.
A beautiful selection of voiles m the newest popular
patterns and shades, 36 inches wide at the yard, 29c, 35c, 45c
SILK AND COTTON CREPE DE CHINE.
A complete range of colors. A material suitable for in
expensive afternoon and evening dresses, and in the white
and flesh much used for underwear; 36 inches wide at the
yard, 59c
NEW TAFFETA SILK.
A lovely selection of nifty plaids and stripes, many
beautiful patterns for separate skirts and dresses; 35 inches
wide, at the yard, $1.75.
WOMEN'S CQTTON UNION SUITS.
with cuff and shell knee) an extra good quality at 50c and
65c Each.
WOMEN'S FINE RIBBED VESTS,
with ribbon trimmings in pink, blue and white at 25c each.
WOMEN'S FINE LISLE UNION SUITS.
With low, neck on sleeves, knee length extra fine qual
ity in pink and white in French band and envelope styles;
priced at $1.00 to $1.75.
WOMEN'S FINE RIBBED LISLE UNION SUITS
with silk tops in pink and white, cuff and envelope style ;
priced at $1.75.
WOMEN'S FANCY SILK HOSE
in checks, stripes and dotted effects. A good range of colors
priced at $1.25 to $2.00.
FANCY GIRDLES
A beautiful selection of Girdles, yoii will want to
see the splendid new line of popular Girdles we are showing
There is a large range of styles in Chines tffects. Jade, Ger
man Silver and etc. Twenty five styles to select from . Priced
very reasonably, at $1.75 to $6.95.
SUMMER PARASOLS
This is parasol weather. A large collection of nifty par
asols in all the late effects.
WHITE PARASOLS AT $1.C0, $2.00 and $2.95
SILK PARASOLS AT $3.50 TO $12.50
CHILDREN'S PARASOLS AT 50c TO 75c
WATCH FOR OUR MONTH END SALE ADVERTISE-!
MENT TUESDAY.