ti
ml&Mit Fourteen
Pages
1
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 20. No. 104.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 7, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
Halted
Two
j Sections
V
A
A
REMARKABLE
SESSION OF
CnHCRFSfi I!!!
UU.IUUL.UU IU
MOVER!
I
Most Important Session Ever
Held By the Congress of
the United States Adjourns j
Sine Die. Met On April 2.
(Ey Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6. A record
of achievement probably unparalleled
in legislative history was closed with
adjournment today of the war session
of congress. Written into the nation's
statutes in six months are laws in
unsurpassed numbers, scope and im
portance. Called April 2
Called April 2 by President Wilson
(within a month after his second in
auguration) to enroll the United States
. among Germany's foes, the passage
of the war resolutnon of April 6 un
til the president's signature of the
last law today, congress has worked
incessantly on legislation of vital im
port in national and world develop
ments. It now secures a two months'
respite, returning December 3 for the
regular session and facing another
stupendous program of v.-ar and do
mestic action.
- Remarkable Session
Marking the session passing into
history were its war declaration; pro
vision for quick and large increase in
the nation's fighting forces cn land,
sea and rn the air; appropriations of
more than twenty billion dollars; j
measures of taxation and credits to
meet the financial drafts and vesting
the president with vast powers.
Looming ahead for disposition are
further enormous appropriations for
this and next year; great tax bond
bills, and a mass of other war and
domestic legislation with congres
sional jirimaries and elections closely
following.
Among the most important meas
ures enacted were:
Army Draft Law
The army draft law, two war credits ;
measures, authorizing loans to tire al
lies and Bale of domestic bonds, the
war tax law, appropriations of $C40.
000,000 for airplanes, the espionage
act. control of foods, feeds and fuels;
the trading with the enemy act, the
soldiers and sailors' insurance act,
and two war budget bills.
Principal Disputes
The principal disputes of the ses
sion weer on the draft, food control
and war tax bills, with opposition cen
tered in the senate. Cloture was
twice resorted to there on the food
and war tax measures but its actual
imposition averted after a month
spent on each bill.
Liquors Hard Hit
resides prohibiting further manu
facture or impor'ation of distilled
beverages and authorizing the presi
dent to stop or curtail that of beer
and wines, the senate by a vote of
65 to 20 also passed the Sheppard
resolution providing a national "dry"
amendment to the constitution. It is
pending in the house.
Woman's Suffrage
The house erea'ed a special com
mittee on woman suffrage, while the
senate reported the Susan B. Anthony
amendment proposing an equal fran
chise amendment to the constitution.
The latter will be pressed next ses
sion. Bills Not Passed
Several bills passed the senate and
house, but failed of joint approval
and remain on the calendar. Among
them are the soldiers and sailors'
civil rights bill, the daylight saving
measure, the Webb export bill, the
mepsure regulating the killing of mi
gratory birds, and the national pro
hibition measure. The proposed Co
lumbian treaty for payment of $25.
000,000 in satisfaction of her loss of
the Panama Canal zone also failed of
senate ratification and Is on the cal
endar. MAXIMUM PENALTIES.
ENID, Okla.. Oct. 6. Maximum pen
alties, sentences of six years in feder
al prison at Ieaveuworth and fines of
11,000. today were given eight men j
convicted of conspiracy to resist the ;
selective draft law.
A motion for a new trial was over-!
ruled. Defendants were given ninety j
davs In which to file bills of exception j
and were allowed bond in the sum of
$15,000 each.
Here Friday
, Secretary of Labor W. B. Wil
son last evening telegraphed The
Review regarding the visit of the
labor commission, of which he )
the chairman. The telegram fol- i
lows:
"The president's labor com mis-
sion expect:; to be in the Bisbee i
district cn October 12 and 13 for ss
the purpose of making a thorough j,
Investigation and hearing all sides
to the outstanding difficulties.
The commission will appreciate if
you will announce in your paper '
the commission's prospective visit.
Please extend to all parties, as
well as the general public, the in
vitation of the commission to at
tend conferences and to accord, to
the fullest, co-operation so as to
enable the commission to reach
i the best and prompt settlement de
( manded by the national emerg-
ency."
U-BOATS LOSE
TERRORS TOR
THIS NATION
Government Announces Re
duction In Insurance Rates
For American Vessels. Sub
marines Less a Menace.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6. Reduction
of nearly 25 per cent in premiums for
insurance of American vessels an 3
cargoes traversing the war zone wb
announced today by the government's
war risk insurance bureau.
The reduction was made, it was of
ficially announced, because of decreas
ed risks. Unofficially it was regard
ed as the government's expression
or its opinion, in dollars and cents,
that the U-boat3 have passed the
zenith in their campaign of frightful
ness. Announcement of the reduction was
made by the treasury department as
follows: '
Big Reduction.
"The secretary of the treasury to
day announced that the bureau of war
risk insurance has reduced its rates
on all American steamers and cargoes
traversing the war zone from six and
a half per cent to five per cent. This
reduction is made because of the cor
responding decrease in the risks."
Determination of the war risk
premium is based primarily on the
number of vessels traversing the war
zone end the number of sinkings. The
effectiveness of methods used in com
batting submarines also enters into
consideration.
U-Boats Lose.
Prom the announcement, it is re
garded as apparent that officials be
lieve effective methods have been
adopted to deal wit hthe U-boats. To
day's announcement marks the first
reduction in any government insur
ance risk to any waters infested by
submarines. Heretofore ijevisions
have all been upward.
Steady diminution in the number
of weekly sinkings since September
2 is primarily responsible for the de
crease in rates announced today.
LEAVES FOR HOUSTON.
(By Review Leased Wire).
FORT BLISS. Texas. Oct. 6. Hav
ing completed a review of the testi
mony taken here, the uoard of in
quiry investigating th alleged part
negro soldiers of the 24th lnitM
Stats infantry had in the Houston
rioting of August 23. left tonight for
Columbus, N. M., where additional
testimony will be taken.
Th5 board was accompanied by
Colonel John A. Hull, judge advocate
appointed to conduct the court mar
tial trial of those against whom
charges are filed. It was announced
tonight this trial would not be start
ed before November 1.
OBREGON EAST.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 6. General
Alvaro Obregon. former minister of
war in Mexico, accompanied by Bald
omero A. Almada, general purchasing
agent for the Mexlcon government,
and three other Mexican consular of
ficials, left San Francisco late today
for Chicago. Obregon, after two
months in the I nlted States, plans to
go 10 opain, via (.una, according to
Alamada.
i
N WAR RISKS
Bon Voyage,
j
jMMMMMMMWMIl WW-
Ting-a-ling-g-g-g! went the tele
phone in the W'. H. Brophy home yes
terday morning. Mrs. Brophy answ
ered it. "This is Mrs. Ellis of Dou:
las," came over the wire, "a few oi
us are coming over this afternoon
to bid Mr. Brophy goodbye. Have
him at the house, please, at 4 o'clock.
Promptly on the hour a few
CICOTTE LEADS
Today
Hundreds of interested fans
heard The Review bulletins yester
day and it is expected that even
more will hear those which will be
offered today from the same
source. As was the case yester
day, the game will start about 1
o'clock, though the leased wire will
be open at 12:30.
RUSSIANS FAIL
TO AGREE UPON
FUTURE POLICY
Government Council Ad
journs Temporarilly. Pos
sibility That Two Parlia-
merits Might Result IS tx- ;
n,.tuJ .
(By Review Leased Wire.) )
PETROGRAD. Oct. 6. The govern
ment council, representatives of Mos-
cow industrial interests and peasant j
and Boldier delegates from the demo-,
cratic congress who have been In con
ference in an earnest attempt to set
tle Russia's political and economic
crisis had not reached an agreement
when they took a lecess this evening
after six hours consultation concerning !
formation of a coalition cabine' They !
were still in a hopeful frame of mind. I
It appeared, although the government j
spokesmen would not described the .
situation as viewed with optimism.
In Winter Palace. j
The conference held in the winter .
nalace with Premiet Kerenskv Dresid-:
ng was uniquei representative of revo-I
(Continued on Pago Five)
Mr. Brophy, and Safe Return!
home of the Bisbee merchant. There
were just 60 of them by actual count,
automobiles formed a procession. Mr. days embraced upon the Brophy such exposed positions as a result of Hurricane Fire.
and Mrs. DronJiy were very deeply veranda. Thursday's drive that they are report-1 The overwhelming nature of the
affected by this last touching tribute Mr. Brophy will leave this morn-! ed to have pulled their defenses back , "mish fire employed in the present of
of old friends. Ing for New Yorw. whence he will j a short distance to more favorabIe j nsive .s be ng pa.d tribute to by the
In the Douglas delegation was John embark very soon for France to be-1 ground. British patrols, which push-, ,ermans' ls no,ted by mvent,on
Slaughter, old time sheriff of Cochise gin his Red Cross work for tfie gov-! ed out into enemy terri'ory, found ! ? llew e,rm lJ ecrit)e tne bom-
friends from Douglas entered the
THE WHITE SOX TO VICTORY
Giants Lose the ;
Opening Contest
for World Title
i
(Bv Review Leasea Wire!
CHICAGO, Oct. 6. Eddie Cicotte ofj
Detroit, pitcher extraordinary to the J
Chicago Americans, piloted his team
to victory today over the New York
' Nationals by a score of two to one in '
j the first game of the 1917 world's,
; series, played at Comiskey park. At ;
tie wheel of tho White Sox machine j
he was the master of the Giants atl
every stage of the contest, whicii
, thrilled 32,000 followers of local Amer-j
' ican league champions and sent them!
away convinced that after several
years of waiting, the highest honors '
; of the baseball game were to fall to I
' the share of Chicago.
s Ably Assisted.
While Cicotte was the master mind .
of the victory he was ably assisted.
The White Sox played almost fault
less baseball against the determined)
bearors, who would not admit defeat)
until the final catch of Robertson'. i
fly by J. Collins ended the contest i
which equalled in every way the ex-j
pected battle between the rival clubs'
of the two major leagues. His team
mates played with the confidence of
certainty behind Cicotte and t.'ie com
bination proved too much for the j
vaunted power of the Giants.
Some Figures.
An even 32.000 spectators paid ad
mission to the field of the local clubj
with a result that $73,132 was dividlj
among the players, tlubs and nation-!ana
l rnmmlssinn Of this nmmint the
players received $.",9,502.08 ; each 0f!bureau ncads of ,he eene""al staff, tocaut is in complete control of the sit-
the clubs. $13,167.36. and the national
commission. $7,315.20. Had Comiskey
Dark been able to accomodate all
those who desired to witness the first
clash between the White Sox and the
Giants these figures easily might have
been tripled.
(Continued on Tage Five)
county, and friend of "Billy" Brophy
for 20 years. He had left a sick bed
eminent.
Features
Time of game: 1:48.
The official attendance figures
and the receipts are:
Attendance, 32,000; gross re
ceipts, J73.152.50.
National commission share, $7,
135.20. Players' share, J39.502.0S.
Each club's share, $13,167.36.
GEN. PERSUING
AND BLISS MADE
FULL GENERALS
Old Time Rank Given Leader
of American Forces In
France and Chief of Staff.
Other Confirmations Ef
fected. (By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Oct. 6. In open
session just before adjournment the
senate confirmed the nominations of
.1 . I . T . . 1 . ! J Tilt.. .
i luajur vienerais i ersiiuiK auu dijs
I for promotion to the full grade of
' generals.
New Major Generals.
In addition to Generals Pershing
tillss' lno ls connrmeu
1 nominations of the following generals.
be major generals as provided in theiuutim.
insurance measure:
Adjutant General McCain; Inspec
tor General Chamberlain. Judge Ad
vocate General Crowder; Chief of En
gineers Black: Chief of Ordnance
Crozier; Chief Signal Officer Squier
and Chief Mclntyre of the bureau of
insular affairs.
Peru Breaks
(By Review Leased Wire.)
LIMA. Peru. (VI. 6. The Pen
vian government has handed pa.".-
, ports to Dr. Perl, the German ruin-
i is'er.
The Spanish legation has taken j
, over iue interests oi uerniauy in
this country.
' It was slated t.'iat after I timing
the German legation over to the
', Spanish minister. Dr. Perl would
' proceed to Chile.
' The decision reached iast night
by the Peruvian congress to sever
diplomatic relations between Peru
and Germany came after a sensa
i tional debate. Members of the
diplomatic corps and their families
ana a large crowa were present )
when the vcte. which stood 103 tq
six, was taken.
MORALE SAII
I
German Troops Utterly De-
moralized By the Superla -
tively Timed and Executed
Tactics of the British.
BRITISH FRONT IN FRANCE
AND BELGIUM. Oct. 6 (By the Asso- i
elated Press). The Germans attempt
ed no counter-attacks of imortance
along the new battle front during the
night, and both sides were taking a
breathing spell after the arduous work
of the last two days. The artillery,
of course, maintained its ceaseless
fighting at various points.
A cold, drizzling rain was falling
this morning, adding still more to tho
discomforts of the men lying out in
the mud and water in this inhospita-
ble zone. At some places along the
Uhe forward shellhole defenses in one!
section abandoned.
Prisoners
The prisoners already counted num
ber more than 400.
Not only were thousands of men
wiped out. but the well-defined plan
'AMIMP
lUDLNrUl 1U
AMONG RANKS
nr Tiir mum
ur nr mma
I of the German high command for an Ru8$ Affajrs TangIed
! attack was utterly disrupted. I Rus8ian internal affairs s.ill claim
! The collapse of this scheme, the precedence in interest over happen
I extensive defeat inflicted by the Brit-; ins aIonR tne Russian front. The
i ish and the heavy toll in the German I democratic congress had adJurned af-
ranks are things which it is difficult ; ter providing for the constitution of
j to explain to an army which has al- j a parliament of 305 members which
(ready shown marked signs of dete- is expected to sit until the constituent
rioration. i assembly !s elected. The Petrograd
German Morale Hurt radicals now seem disappointed and
The diminution in the fighting spirit i have calle da session of the all-Russian
of the German troops along the Ypres soldiers and workmen's deputies to
j battle front is generaly admitted by j meet in Petrograd. bringing up the
i prisoners and has been evidenced in j threat of an opposition parliament as
the tactics employed recently. ithey apparently consider the the coa-
I Lack Organization servative influences too strong in the
I The manner in which the German BO(1y authorized by the congress,
(command conducted the defense on! Cabinet Situation Complex. ...
i Thursday is significant. In accord- j Tnet cabinet situation in Petrograd
ance with their custom they threw in ! is stin implex, but hepe is expressed
various units promiscuously along the 1 h? tlie government that an adjourn
I whole battle front in an attempt to
j stem the advance, but a striking fea
I ture was the mixture of the units, the
lack of cohesion between them and; 1 "c congress cas pasoea
the confusion arising as a conse- a s'on the breaking off of re
Thls tends to indicate lack of organ- ,aMons wi,h ,""nT "J h P
ization tation prevails that the German minis-
The artillery work of the Cermans ! U'r wi!l 8tH,n be handed his !!.
also gave evidence of imperfectly laid
plans. The fire was weak and scat-.
tered throughout the day. I
The British morale and organiza
tion, on the other hand, never has
been at higher pitch than at present.
RETURN TO WORK.
(Br Review Lead Wire).
MEXICO CITY. Oct. 6. Employes
of the Aguilar Oil company, who went meeting of the council in South Dako
on strike early this week are return-a-
Ing to work. Efforts of the strikers' Former United States Senator ret
to have the employes of other com-1 tigrew, who it was anonunced would
panies Join them appear to have met "-'t chairman of the proposed con-
wlth little success, according to ad
vices receive! hem. Governor Ri-
PATROL SHIP FLOUNDERS.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. OcL 6 An Ameri
can patrol ship foundered in European
waters on the morning of October 4.
while on duty.
IGERMANDEAD
UTTE8 FIELD
BETWEEKTHE
BUTTLE LINES
Mo Man's Land In Flanders,
Unaccesible to S t r e t cher
Bearers, is Covered With
Dead Bodies of Soldiers.
BRITISH FRONT IN FRANCE AND
BELGIUM, Oct. 5. (Delayed) By the
Associated Press.) The Germans suf
fered severely in the British anack of
Thursday and a trip along the bat tie
front east and northeast of Ypres
showed hundreds of bodies of German
soldiers in the debris. At many plac
es shell craters were filled with dead.
Here and there were woiiuded. some
times under a pile of corpses, which
i the British s'.retcher-bearprs had nut
'been able to reach.
Along one sect.'on of the Australian
front a thousand bodies were counted.
A ,ittle furtl,er soutn tbere anoth"
1 sian Guards who was captured near
: !;,0,Iyson S"? that ?iT 8he" "fiI
did terrible havoc among his men.
!
Artillery in Flanders
Big gun actions are in pitigress
along the Flanders front with indica
tions that the Germans, as usual in this
form of combat, are playing the sec
ondary role.
Fieltr-Marshal Haig's report on Fri
day night's activities mentions only
the increased fire from German artil
lery. Press reports, however, show
that the Germans are suffering heav
ily from the effects of the British ar-
j tillery fire. Some Vf the advanced
' positions to which they were still
, clinging after Thursday s attack have
" i ""'u " 1
; connoitering parties are finutng ihem
" ' . ."
uui cvru wiiiriwuiu lire, mai is
; spoken of; but "hurricane fire." It U
j fire of this con or measurably near it.
that Is preventing the Gorman counter
attacks from bein? lanm-heil a
J prolnptly or provinsc a3 efrective 8;,
j tiiey formeriv were
ment ror a coalition ministry would
i be reached.
i Peru Determined.
( T-1. Tl i . t ,
PURE GALL.
By Review Leased Wire)
SIOl'X FALLS. S. D.. Oct . State
leaders of the Peoples' Council of
America for Iemocrac and Peace to
night were going forward with arrange
ments for holding a conference here
October 10. in the face of orders of
Govern'jr Norbeck prohibiting the
ference set for October 10, left today
for Chicago.
CASES TO JURY.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
BELLEVILLE. Ills., Oct. 6 The cases
of thirteen negies charged with mur
der of Detective Coppedge which pre
cipitated the race riots in East St.
Louis, were given to the jury late to
night A verdict is expected tomorrow.
i Our Store Is Brimful of Pretty, New Fall Merchandise, In All Its Freshness and Beauty-
The New Neckwear
A bountiful assortment of the newest styles of neckwear has just
arrived. STOCKS of dainty laces and nets, in pretty patterns. The
new SHAWL or CAPE COLLARS of Georgette Crepe, Crepe de
Chine, and Wash Satin, in plain, pleated and hemstitched effects,
some lace trimmed and hand embroidered. Also the new shapes iu
Collar nd Cuff sets. Over 200 different stvles nriced from 35c
A New Feature This Season
"Flapper" Suits
COAT SCITS for Small Women and Girls In "between" sizes,
ages from 13 to 17. The Hard to Fit sizes. A wonderful assort
ment of handsome suits, in tailored and the dressier modes, of
Velour. Zibeline, Camel Hair Cloth, Mixtures and Serges. They
are priced at $18.50 to $29.50
V!
'J
J to $4.00.
BISBEE'S STYLE CENTER
mm
ill
I frJ
LeadingAs It Always DoesIn This Vast Array of
Newness, Is Our Magnificent Ready-to- Wear Section
JHL
SFRF von will find cvirv Authentic Mnrie of the Season. The new rich rolonnffs that are SO much in VOflUC All the
popular materials. And the styles we really believe that the designers of the country have more than out done them
selves in the graceful modes they have created for the American woman. The suits are truly marvels of tailored perfec
tion. The gowns, while slightly severe, in sympathy with the seriousness of the day, are developed in quietly elegant
modes that harmonize so well with the military air of today. The coats are no less attractive in all their various styles. Some mili
tary effects are shown along with the more "fussy" feminine styles with their large collars and pockets. Truly a wonderful arra'
of the "Dress Beautiful" awaits Bisbee's women at this ever popular store.
w
'V
Dresses
For formal occasions we are showing a beauti
ful lines of exclusive PARTY and EVENING
DRESSES. Exquisite creations of Satin, Char
meues, Taffeta, Gros de Londre, Pom po Deaux
silk and Tulle, in a wide range of the high colors
that are so much in vogue for evening wear. Al
so black and white, in combination and with con
trasting colors. Some have the rich metallic
trimmings, prices are
$20, $25, $27.50 to $65
WOOL SERGE DRESSES are if anything, more
popular than ever. All the wanted colors are
shown, in models for street wear. Cor business
and dressier modes suitable for informal after
noon wear. Some have the new convertible' col
lars. Some are prettily trimmed with silk 'and
metallic braids, and some are handsomely em
broidered. We are also showing an attractive
line of dresses in Worsted Plaids, in a variety of
colors. Prices range from
$18.50, $22.50, $25 to $35
y Suits
New arrivals we just received them the last
few days in SUITS of Broadcloth, Burella Cloth.
Serge, Scotch Tweed and Tricotine. They show
the new long coats some pointed as well as the
shorter models. Some have the high waist line
that is so popular with the younger set. Wide
color range. Priced special at
$29.50 and $32.50
AH the wanted materials and shades are shown
in this lot of high grade SUITS. Dressy styles
as well as the severe Tailleur models are here.
This is truly a Suit Opportunity for the critical
woman, who wants exclusive style at a reason
able price.
$35, $37.50, $39.50
EXCLUSIVE SUITS, copies of, and adaptations
from the products of the foremost foreign de
signers. The full length coat seems to hold the
center of the style stage. Others are shown in
cluding the straight line Russian effects. Many
are elaborately trimmed with fur. Prices aro
from
$50, $55, $60 to $85
:
Coats
Marvelous is the word that best fits our show
ing of Coats. Some show the more solemn mili
tary effect, sombre yet fetching. Some go to
the other extreme, that of elaborateness. The
large collars, both plain and fur, also the pretty
belted models and the larfe pockets are shown
in diverse effects. Some re profusely fur trim
med. And the size range will surprise you for its
scope. We have coats for the "Little Woman"
as well, as extra sizes. They are priced much
lower thanyou would think.
$12.50, $16.50, $20 to $85
Children's & Misses' Coats
Another agreeable surprise awaits you in our
children's and misses' coat selection. Novelties,
Mixtures, rich Broadcloths, developed in the most
stunning of styles for the small or large miss.
Some are plain while othtrs are decidedly ela
borate. Fur trimmings are abundant. And the
smallness of the prices will surely please you.
$3.95, $5.50 to $25
'mm i 1
MiiM
V ifvjl
Hosiery Specials
Heavy fibre silk hose, 17-inch boot.
comes in black and white, all sizes,
to 10. Has a double heel, toe and j:
sole, also a high spliced heel, and a
fine lisle garter top. This is an "ex
ceptional hose value at
A 14-inch silk boot hose with garter
top, has double sole and tee, also high
spliced double heel. Comes in black
and white in all sizes, 8 to 10. Twill
pay you to buy several pair, for at tnis
price they will not last long.
50c the Pair 1 29c the Pair
MILLINERY
The military section ably carries its burden of keeping up with the wondcrtul
offerings of the women's ready-to-wear section. Of special interest is a lot of popu
lar priced hat j in the pretty suit shades, that
we have just received. Smart sailors, stylish
droop Shades and the mt.ny novelty shapes are
in this lot. They are of Velour, Panne Velvet
and Hatter's Plush, trimmed with fancies,
ornaments and chenille applique. Specially
priced at
Leather Pocket and Bags Specially Priced
An assortment of pocketbooks and bags that are worth up to $3.50.
They are of Walrus, Morroco, Pin Seal, Pressed Russian Calf,
German Silver frames. They are fitted with mirror and coi
and lined with leather and fancy silks. Offered special at...
to $3.50.
ilf, with S
An Assortment of Women's Misses' and .
Children's Underwear Specially Priced
A collection of the odds and ends from our underwear section that we are
offering at prices that mean a decided saving to you. There are union suits
as well as separate vests and panjs, in cotton, wool and wool and cotton mixture.
A complete run of sizes is here for the early shopper.
The New Waists
Resplendant in their beauty, the new waists are here shown. Beautiful color-
ings in Georgette Crepe, Crepe de Chine and Tcffeta. Some have high necks, j
some low, and some are so designed that they can be worn either way. Stripes and j
the darker SUIT SHADES are also shown. Daintily trimmed with splendid laces
and embroideries are the dressier modes. "Creations of daintiness and beauty" .
is the best way to tell you of their exquisiteness. And they are so reasonably
priced, too.
$4.95 and $5.95 j $5.95, $7,50, $8.50', $10
mm-
A large variety of
children's hats of vel
vet, plush and felts, in
a wide range of shapes.
Pretty Tarns with gros
grain ribbon bows the
nsw poke bonnets of
si'.k velvet with bows
aid rosettes of ex
q.iisite ribbons. The
mushroom shapes ar.
a.No shown. Full line
of colors. Priced
$2.95 to
$7.50
Children's Dresses
Seldom have you seen such a remarkable collection of handsome dresses for
the "Little Lady" as we are now showing. Sturdy, practical dresses of serge
for the school miss. And they are not severe, for they are touched off with just
enough color to give them the right amount of daintiness that the glrl'g dress
must have. The dressier models go almost to the extreme some of them In
their fussiness. Touches of embroidery, large Georgette Crepe collars. Sailor
models and Peter Pan suits are also abundant Large sailor knot ties add to some
of them. All sizes, 2 to 16 years.
. . . s )
" 4 "
Subway
or
HA'V
BU.UHNb
a
SPECIAL SALE OF
Enamelware 1-5 Off
A wonderful assortment of blue and white enameled wars is
offered in this special sale that STARTS TUESDAY MORNING.
Most any kind of a cooking utensil that you could want will be
found in this sale. Take advantage of the savings offered in
this special sale.
Proper Corseting
Assures You
Fall's Trim Lines
Proper corseting is as essential to dress as proper
seasoning is to food. Your corset is the model on which
your every garment must be built. To obtain the slend
er lines so prevalent today does not mean dieting, but
rather proper corseting. Be fitted at once in one of our
Bon Ton or Royal Worcester Corsets and you will be
sure of the proper corset.
Bon Ton $3.50 to $10.00
RoyalWorcester $1.25-$2.50
j
urt"V !
11.43 ;'-gallon restaurant kettle.. .$1.16 y
.4") White sauce pan 39 )
1.25 m-gal. triple coated stew ;';
pans 1J50
.30 1-qt. mixing bowls .24
.95 1-gal. covered kettle, extra
heavy 76
.30 handle stew pans .24 'A
.33 1-qt. sew pans .28 )',
.93 2-qt- white coffee pats 76 jj
.69 1-qt. white tea pots 55 !;
.83 2-qt. blue coffee pots 68 .
.75 1-qt. blue coifee pots 60 r
1.45 14-gal. white tea kettle .... 1.16 ?
1.25 1-gal. white tea kettle 1.00 v
1.75 l-gal. heavy blue tea ket- ''
tie 1.40 ;'
. .83 4-qt. covered kettle, white.. .68
1.75 triple coated blue roasters 1.40
.63 two-pkee blue ali.i white
SALE STARTS TUESDAY
cuspidors 52
.23 nluo enair.elpd dippers 18
.3:; 1-pt. bluo cups .26
1.00 r-xtra white steamers 80
.30 white sauce pans 19
.19 white and blue ilipp.'rs 15
.49 stew kettles, handle and
cover, two quart 39
1.25 l'4-lt. heavy white double'
boilers LOG
.4' baking pans 3T
.53 l'-i-tial. white basins 47
.73 2-gal. extra heavy white
basins 60
1.95 heavy rod. go!fl banded
cuspidors 1.56
1.25 heavy gold banded cuspi
dors 1.00
1.45 white bed puns, medium
oi;se 1.16
MORNING. OCTOBER 9th.
Have You Seen TV h
They were the sensation of the Rochester Style Show. On
of the many new hoots of the season. They come in black kit
dark brown kid with cloth top to match, ami field
mouse kid with cloth top to match. All have we
soles and lZ'.fc-inch tops. Priced at
of t'ie most graceful
with black cloth tup,
-$7.50 and $9
""-$4.00
We are uttering a rlf-m or dull leather
hoot with doth top, n both lace and button
styles, plain capless toe. Spanish Louis
and Cuban Heels, an 1 welt soles, t oines
in Bizes, 2U to 7, and widths
A A to I). Special at t
pair
Another special vali e is of patent leather
with dull leather it cloth top. Spanish
Louis and Cuimn hoc'-, flexible welt sole
and medium vamps. All sizes and widths, t
A to K. A practical t ut and 7r f f '
specially priced at the V nil J
pair ptJ.UU j
Your new Autumn Suit will be
smart, snappy, full of individuality
and honest in materials and work
manship if you get it
In Our
Costom Tailoring
Department
If you are exacting and buy tailoring
0:1 a vijh.e as well as style basis, you'll be
convinced all the more quickly of our abili
ty to serve you bv calling and being meas
ured at once.
And the Price Is No More
Than for Ordinary Clothes
1
'JfeSSv
Ik
l!
M I !
j
A I
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 7, 1917.
THREE
Douglas, Gay and Wicked,
Revels In Pitfalls and
Wild Broadway Night Life
PROMINENT NEW
MEXICAN MEMBER
OF DOUGLAS FORCE
Alfred Higgins, Well Known
Gridiron Athlete In South
western, Now Officer In
Arizona.
FIRE PREVENTION
BISBEE LIBRARY
ISSUES LIST OF
WORTH WHILE BOOKS
DAY SET FOR THE
NINTHOF OCTOBER
THE PIE SHOP
THE PIE SHOP
A 1
A
v
There was a sound of revelry by night.
The lamps shone oe'r fair 'women and ,
brave men ; 1
A thousand hearts beat happily; and ,
hen I
Music arose with Is voluptuous swell,.
Soft eyes look'd love to yes whicn
spake again, '
And all went merry as a marriage
bell; !
But hush! Hark! a deep sound strikes'
like a rising knell! j
We . don't know what that deep
sound was in George Noel Gordon's j
day, but if Lord Byron had been with j
a young Bisbee mau Wednesday night j
in Douglas visiting cabarets and oth-j
er features of night life In that great
and sinful cfty, the "deep sound strik-j
lng like a rising knell" would havei
been good American quarters and j
halves clinking down the throat of
a very hungry "kitty.' The lamps'
shone over plenty of fair women and j
brave men, although there may no ;
have been a thousand of 'em; and,
soft eyes were working overtime, and
all went merry and music arose in
voluptuous swell all right; bu it would;
sink again Immediately after rising.)
Then hush! Hark! Another "deep
sound1 would strike in the form of ,
a male voice that shouted: "Remeni-!
ber our 'kitty,' boys; treat 'er kind-j
ly!" Everybody "treated" kitty, and
then, to palm off a little more poetry. '
there was more "On with the dano-
lng.' If . the man back of the voice!
thought that kitty wouldn't feel re- j
eentful, he'd call out: "Let's have!
one on the house," when the music j
stopt lor the second time, and after-j
wards everybody would sit ddwn and
likker up on devillish looking oft
drinks In pink and brown and white, j
Ah, what a night, dear friends!
"The Only House of Mirth" j
Thq toung man entered "The Only :
House th Mirth In Douglas for Ladies j
and Gents, Where . Ladies With or;
Without Escorts Will Receive Every ;
Courtesy" about 8 o'clock in the even-!
ing, keyed t'o participate In Hie "free '
dancing" and prepared to appla'il
the "high class entertainers." The
high class entertainers came first. la
Tact, they had already come. A tall
brunette was singing a ballad. She
had a - soprano voice all right, but
Fritz! Scheff needn't grow alarmed.
She finished, and' after a dramatic
pause'. La Belle Something-or-Other gal
loped out on the floor to do a Spanish
Dance.
, Declining Art o Spain
With due credit to LaBelle, it must
be said that she enjoyed herself im
mensely. A symphony in pink and
yellow and red, she dashed about
.waying her arms and clicking her
castinots and trying to do the kicks.
La Belle, by desperate efforts, was
able on three separate occasions to
lift her heels almost a toot above the
floor.but she was apparently broken
as a trotter in her early youth, and
found, pacing a trifle hard. Yes, she
enjoyed herself; but no one else did.
A Gent Favors.
The pnan who was so very solici
tious 10r "kitty" then decided to treat
the cash customers by doing a little
solo work himself, so he put on a fun
ny looking yellow tie and sang a song
which had something to do with Yan
kee Doodle. Everybody thought it
was a scream, and it was really more
that than music.
A healthy looking blonde then put
In an appearance, warbling "Love Me
At Twilight." The gown she wore
might have been a Hickson model,
but it probably wasn't. Even Lady
Duff Gordon couldn't have described
it. She couldn't have described that
song, either. A vision in red pre
sided at the piano, chewing her gum
firmly and decidedly, yet with grace.
Hit of the Evening. m
A stout lady In black, who had a
THERE'S A CHANCE
Of having trouble at any time with a car if you
neglect it
Little troubles grow into big ones if they
are not cared for.
Let us attend to the trouble. REMEMBER
WE STORE CARS'
Long Trail Garage
Remember Our Motto "COURTESY AND EFFICIENCY"
Phone 831
bass voice, steamed slowly out on
the floor; and the multitude went
mad. She began singing that highly
popular "Ballin' the Jack," and the
Douglas people applauded ferociously
as they heard their favorite sonc.
She tried to syncopate, but knees
once ball-bearing were ball-bearing no
more, and she wound up with sim
ple, wiggling motions. More of the
same stuff was on tap when a smal
ler lady sang "Vaki Hula Hiki Dula"
and tried to do It at the same time.
Somehow, she didn't seem to coordi
nate. After a while she tried to re
deem herself with another Hawaiian
dance- It was a knockout at least,
the man who sat next to the young
man from Bisbee sal dit was, and he
added in confidence that "never, even
in li'l ole New York, have they got
any sweller dansuses." Then followed
in rapid fire "Poor Butterfly," and
several songs about the joy that would
flow if everybody would pray for the
lights to go out. The young man
from Bisbee seated himself a trifle
nearer the door lest their prayers
should be answered. But the light
burned on.
The Tooty Onsomble.
Seemingly annoyed at the lack of
divine interference with the power
system of Douglas, the lady who was
warbling whistled for her gang, and
the tf 11 brunette and the Hawaiian
dancer and La Belle and the man
with the yellow tie and the healthy
looking blonde all trooped out and
sang "Over There". Their spirit was
commendable. The young man from
Bisbee was thoroughly aroused. He
really wished that he were "Over
There." Doing the next best thing,
he got up and went out into the night.
He breathed in a lot of fresh air and
took stock. The hungry "kitty" had
eaten a big hole in his pocket, but
in return he had seen the follies of
pleasure. He had been caught in the
pitfalls and snares of giddy Douglas.
He had cabaretted. Sadly he turned
his fae to the north toward Bis
bee. Three hours before, he had left
the district an innocent and trusting
youth. Now all was changed. He
was a worldly-wise man. He had
seen life! In the words of the far
famed and Justly-celebrated Mr.
D'Arcy Smith, "O-o-o-o-h!"
Football Results
(By Keview Leased Wire.) '
AT ITHACA Cornell, 22; Oberlin, 0.
WEST PONT Army, 28;Carnegie, 0.
MADISON Wisconsin. 34; BePJit, 0.
HANOVER Dartmouth, 14: Spring
field Y. M. C. A. College, 0.
PROVIDENCE Brown, 20; Johns
Hopkins, 0.
MANHATTAN Kansas Aggies, 10;
Oklahoma Aggies, 0.
COLl'MBl'S Ohio State, 53; Ohio
Wesleyan, 0.
URBANA Illinois, 22; Kansas, 0.
LARAMIE Wyoming, 6; Colorado
Aggies, 0.
LEWISBURG Bucknell, 16; Swarth
more, 7.
SOUTH BETHLEHEM Ursinus, 7;
Lehigh. 6.
ATLANTA V. of Ga., 41; U. tof Ga. 0.
LA FAYETTE Franklin, 0; Purdue,
54.
DES MOINES Drake U., 7; Penn Col
lege, 0.
AMES Iowa State (Ames), 7; Coe
College. 0. '
IOWA STATE Iowa, 22; Cornell Col
lege, 13.
SYRACUSE Syracuse U, 19; Forty
Seventh C. S. 1., 0.
EASTON LaFayette, 20; Ambulance
Corps, 0.
NEW BRUNSWICK Rutgers, 90;
Wadsworth, 0.
MIDDLEON Wesleyan, 0; Rhode Is
land State. 0.
STATE COLLEGE. PA. Penn State,
80; Gettysburg, 0.
Johnson Addition
Many things are written of the long
arm of the law, and' many things are
written of the personnel composing
the long arm of the law; but some
how, some way, a man named Alfred
Higgins has been overlooked . He is
in Douglas at present, and, without
casting any reflections on any other
member of the Douglas force, Higgins
is the Ty Cobb of their team that
is, he's the star.
From Fighting Line
The son of Fred Higgins, a fighter
whose name has long been a terror
to New Mexico law-breakers, Alfred
Higgins received a military education
at one of the finest military colleges
in the United States the New Mex-
ieo institute. While there his career
was both brilliant and spectacular. He
went in for every branch of athletics,
starring particularly on the gridiron.
For three successive years he was
half-back on the All-Southwestern
team, and he was once honored by
selection for the second Ail-American.
Splendid Boxer
As a boxer, also. Higgins won hon
or among his students. On one oc
casion the Cadet corps attended a
widely advertised prize fight in Ros
well, and but one of the contestants
put in an appearance. The students
clamored for "Alf," and Higgins, to
save the spectators from disappoint
ment, stripped to the waist and climb
ed Into the ring. For nine rounds he
stood up against the professional, giv
ing and taking blows with a quaint
little smile on his lips. Suddenly
seizing an opening, his right shot
through the guard of the other man,
dropping him for the count. Higgins
was carried in triumph back to the
institute, and his student-admirers
urged him to secure matches with
other fighters of reputation. Reticent,
Higgins at first refused, but in re
sponse to local demand he reluctantly
permitted himself to agree to a series
of contests with some of the beBt
middleweight men in the country. He
defeated a score of "professionals,"
taking the count himself on but two
occasions. However, shortly after an
encounter in which he decisively de
feated a famous eastern scrapper, he
heard himself referred as a "prize
fighter." Annoyed and humiliated that
r?ople should think; of him in that
-rjincity. he cancelled every proposed
match and entered business.
Not a Business Tvpe
But Alfred Higgins was not a busi
ress sort of a man. Desk work was
'co confining and he gave it up for the
outdoor life of an officer. For the
to st two years he has served in legal
capacities, and today he is "the pride
I of the force" in Douglas. Quiet, mod
est and assuming, Higgins Is an ideal
westerner. He is. in addition to be
ing very much of a He-man, very
much of a gentleman.
WASHINGTON Lebanon Valley, 7;
Georgetown. 32.
TROY Rennssaelear. 6; New York.O.
SCHENECTADY Williams, 13; Un
Inn. fi.
LANCASTER Franklin & Marshall, 0
Carlisle. 63.
M1DDLEBURY Amherst, 7; Middle-
bury, 19.
HOBOKEN Stevens, 7; Haverford, 7
WORCESTER Norwich U., 21; Wor
cester Tech., 6.
PITTSBURGH Pittsburgh, 40; Beth
any. 0.
HOUSTON Rice Institute, 31; First
Illinois Hosp., 6.
ANN ARBOR Michigan, 41; Case. 0
LANSING Michigan Aggies, 7; Alma,
14.
FRANKLIN Harvard, 27; Dean Acad
emy, 0.
CAMBRIDGE Harvard Freshman, 6;
Naval Radio Training School, 0.
ANNAPOLIS Navy, 0; West Virgin
la. 7.
CLEVELAND Worcester 0; Western
Reserve 0.
BLOOMINGTON Indiana, 51; Wa
bash, 0.
WASHINGTON Delaware College, 0
Man-land State. 20.
NORMAN U. of Oklahoma, 52; Phil-
Hds U.. 9.
GALESBURG Knox, 25; Iowa, Wes
leyan. 0.
CHICAGO Northwestern, 48; Lake
Forest, 0.
ST. LOUIS St, Louis U., 34; Cape Gi
rardeau High. 0.
FAYETTEVILLE Arkansas. 34;
Warrensburg Normal. 9.
OXFORD Miami, 32; Ohio Northern,
0.
ALLIANCE Kenyon, 14; Mount Un
fon. 0.
GRANVILLE Marshall, 0; Denison,
41.
AKRON Heidelberg, 34; Akron, 6.
SPRINGFIELD Wittenurg, 40; Baldwin-Wallace,
6.
VISITING PARENTS
Mrs. Charles Wright of Cananea is
spending a few days InJhe district on
a visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs.
Angius Arbuckle. Mrs. Wright's hus
band is engaged in the cattle busi
ness In the vicinity of the Sonora
mining camp.
Mayor Erickson Issues Import
ant Proclamation to Citi
zens of Bisbee.
To the People of the City of Blsbeef
Being desirous of promoting the bet
ter welfare of the citizenship, of
creating and maintaining a more
healthful condition and aiding the
civic pride cf our city, I do hereby
ordain and proclaim Tuesday, Octo
ber the 9th, as a general cleanup and
fire prevention day.
The annual loss by fire in the Uni
ted States reaches an enormous sum,
a greater part of which could be avoid
ed by painstaking effort and the re
moval of debris and combustible
material from points in access to
buildings, to say nothing of the un
sightly appearance and unhealthful
conditions caused thereby. Therefore
I most earnestly suggest and request
that our entire citizenship assist 'in
this worthy object, and aid in making
Bisbee a clean and healthful city.
Dated this 6th day of October, 1917.
JACOB ERICKSON, Mayor.
Mayor Erickson's proclamation U
self-explanatory, although it is of in
terest to know where the idea of "Fire
Prevention Day" originated.
The great Chicago fire occurred on
October 9, 1871. In 1911 the Fire
Marshals' Association of North Ameri
ca suggested that the fortieth anni
versary of this famous conflagration
be set apart for bringing home to the
American public the much needed les
son of fire prevention. An appeal was
sent to the governors of many states
asking their co-operation. Of the gov
ernors addressed, some made cordial
response and issued .proclamations,
as requested, while others doubted its
advisibility, and still others neglected
to respond. However, Fire Preven
tion Day was well established as a
national institution through its offi
cial recognition in half of all the
states. "Doubting Thomases" began
to swing into line the following year,
and 1916 saw the day observed in
nearly every important city in the
country.
The President's View.
President Wilson stated recently
"Preventable fire is more than a
private misfortune. It Is a public
dereliction. At a time like this of
emergency and of manifest necessity
for the conservation of national re
sources, it is more than ever a mat
ter of deep and pressing consequence
that every means should be taken to
prevent this evil."
A Terrible Drain.
Preventable fire constitutes a ter
rible drain upon the energies and re
sources of the nation. If we are to
make our full weight felt for the
cause of democracy and civilization,
it is necessary to check this drain.
October 9, 1917, Fire Prevention Day,
therefore, stands out as one of the
most significant dates in the year.
MULE SKINNERS OF
FIRST ARIZONA THE
FIRST TOBUY BONDS
Twenty-Six Hundred Dollars
Subscribed to Second Issue
of Liberty Bonds By Mem
bers of the Supply Com
pany.
Although the boys of the First Ari
zona have not had a pay day in near
ly a month, and cash was supposed to
be scarcer than slackers around the
camp at Naco, the second issue of
Liberty bonds has found warm and
ardent subscribers among the men of
the Supply company of Arizona's vol
unteer organization.
Twenty men of the Supply company,
which, by the way is the company
made up of what is popularly called
"mule skinners," led by Capt. A. C.
Taylor and Lieut, Harold C. Hess,
subscribed to the bonds to the extent
of 12600.
Captain Taylor is the first company
commander of the regiment to get his
men interested in the issue. It is
expected that others of the regiment
will come into the fold equally as
strong as the men of the Supply com
pany, but the men of that organiza
tion are firm in their belief that they
will cover any amount contributed by
a like number of men in the regiment.
The soldiers believe that if they
are willing to contribute practically
all of the money they have in the
world, as well as their pay several
merit hs in advance, in addition to
giving up their time, and possibly
their lives for Uncle Sam, that the
civilian population of the state should
subscribe to the bonds in a propor
tion vastly greater than they have.
They are eagerly awaiting returns
from the "outside" to see if any other
company along the border does as
well as they have.
VISITING PARENTS
Mrs. J. T. Kingsbury and children
are in the city for a few days and are
the guests of Mrs. Kingsbury's pa
rents, Mrs. and Mrs. C. W. Hicks.
The Public Library has issued a list
of books under the general heading, i
"How to Be Well Posted." Wednes
day another list of the newer and bst-'
ter fiction will be published. Th
first list Is published herewith in full:
"How to Be Well Posted."
Read books on the war
Evidence in the Case Beck
Hurrah and Hallelujah Bang
To Verdun From the Somme ..Brittain ,
Germany and England Cranilj
Trenching at Gallipoli Gallislmw
First Hundred Thousand Hay
Student In Arms llankey1
Irish at the Front MacDonagh
German Fury in Belgium Mokveld
Fighting In Flanders Powell
War and Democracy ... Seton-Watson
Belgium's Agony Verhaereu
Adventures of a Dispatch Rider
Watson
War of Democracy ..Bryce and Others
Slavs of the War Zone Eailcy
Germany and Eastern Europe. Namier
Faith, War and Policy Murray
War and Humanity BrcS
Grapes of Wrath Cable ,
Letters and Diary of Alan Seegar.
Flying in France McConnell
Pentecost of Calamity Wister
Over the Top Empey
Books on Military and Naval Train
ing Manual of Military Training Moss
Cavahv Drill Regulations U. S. A.
Infantry Drill Regulations V. S. A.
Field Service Regulations U. S. A.
Small Arms Firing Manual ... U. S A.
Engineer Field Manual U. S. A.
Military Railways U. S. A.;
Plattsburg Manual Ellis & Garey
U. S. Array Physical Exercises
Donovan
Bluejacket's Manual, U. S. Navy
U. S A.
Books on Red Cross
Way of the Red Cross Vivian
"Mademoiselle Miss," American Na
tional Red Cross Text Book on First
Aid Bandaging ..Whiting
Books on Various Subjects
The Altar of Freedom Rine hart
Meatless Cookery Gillmore
Better Meals for Less Money Green
How to Live Fisher and Fisk'
Subtropical Vegetable Gardening
Rolf3
Agriculture and the Farming Business 1
- .. Benson '
AFTER A DEER
Deputy Sheriff Red Gannon and
Blondy Davidson will leave this morn
ing for a week's trip to the Chiricahua
mountains, where they have hopes of
being successful in bringing down a
buck or two. They are going to make
the trip in Red's tin lizzie, and hope
to be able to get there and back be
fore the season closest
yor
1 2wf.vt
mix Til, r.-iv ' 'J&
r. if
"JT LLOJfV
itj ''mite
v
if i iL '
1
, J1, ,4,-- . ' " , ..rv 7
Li' nrj ur.
You can get real home cooked pastries and bread
in Bisbee.
Also we will have on hand all kinds of meats and
vegetables cooked that you can take home with
you. This is a boom to light housekeepers.
Or you can get your lunch with us.
WILL OPEN MONDAY, OCTOBER 8.
IT E PI
i
Main Street
Hair Goods for Sale
AT
HALF PRICE
A beautiful line of first quality Switches, Trans
formation and Natural Curls will be on sale Wednesday
and Thursday. A representative of the French Hair Co.
of New York will be in attendance.
McDonald's Marinello Shop
Phcne 305
"STOP, THIEF!" TO
BE 1 BIG SUCCESS
The Elks' show is progressing rapid
ly in rehearsal, and an excellent per
formance will be presented when they
take the boards. Full of "pep" and
snap. Melba Palmer is directing "Stop,
Thief." adn the success of the play
will owe much to her. She has had
a vast experience, having been with
The Toli Players in Indianapolis,
Washington and Milwaukee for three
seasons, and having appeared with
the Shuberts in the east.
ihe IaE Drive
The success of your "fall drives" will be
largely decided by the kind of tires you
use. If you want to be assured of reach
ing your "objective" of enjoying free
dom from tire troubles equip with Sav
age Tires and Grafinite Tubes. High
mileage, low cost per mile, road com
fort, complete satisfaction.
Heap big mUznqn!
SAVAGE TIRE CORPORATION
SAN DIZGO,CAU?ORKIA
W haw a distributor nar yoq
THE WESTERN VULCANIZ-
ING SHOP
Johnson Addition Lowell, Ariz.
mT..m jl- n-t n c
MUM I lit! I2fLJ UdViU LJlUil
SHOP
L
4
Opposite Masonic Temple
Kellogg Excellent.
G. E. Kellogg shows up to excellent
advantage in "Stop, Thief," and so
dees Kate Gutherie. In fact, the
whole cast seems well assigned. Pub
licity Agent Thomas Egan is pushing
th? advertising hard, and he announc
ed to the press last night that Melba
Primer is "considered to have one
of the largest repetorie of plays."
Egan says that the show will be a
scream.
James Powell, who has been doiaj
jury duty in Tombstone for the pas'
two weeks, returned home yesterday,
having been excused by the court for
ihe term.
3
3
m
!':I
TUSiS
last longer and give greater
ervice because they are the
he vulcanized into the j,
sunace. freventa detert- ,
oration, sticking, trio- "1 . !-J
Hon and heating. . 7 3
Render eoaptonaa-
oa uu et tube.
,v
-- ,-.-V"v
5
1
HI- FOUR ,lmti,oor
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 7, 1917.
3TIjp IQi&b?? Daily iKrutnu
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Member of the Associated Press The Associated
Press Is exclusively entitled to the use for republication
of all news credited to it or not otherwise credited In
. UUs paper and also the local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are alao reserved.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Adyertuicg Rates on Application.
filtered as Second Class Mall Matter at Blabee, 4rlona.
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH $ .7
THREE MONTHS 2.25
SO. MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.60
8UNDAV (Our Weekly) per year J.50
tOnr Weekly) per quarter 76
N Subscription Taken For Lsss Than 75 Cents.
PHONE NO. 39.
Review subscrloers not receiving a copy of The Blsbre
Dally Review before 8 a. m. will jet one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will eon
alder It a favor If the Irregularity of delivery Is reported
to the Circulation Department. .The Meaaenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Sunday Morning, October 7, 1917.
"It takes fifteen men to care for and fly one airplane,"
writes an expert. And we have contracted to fly twenty'
five thousand planes! Pretty big job. But we have to
do it, therefore it will be done.
"If Cicotte, that White Sox pitcher, had been with
the Canadians before Lens as the official bomb throw
er." declared a well known Bisbee business man and
baseball fan yesterday after the first world series game,
"the allies would have been digging coal in Lens long
ago." Cicotte. by the way, is a Canuck.
' Never a day passes but that the editor receives a letter
of either commendation, praise or blame from some sub
scriber. Not one in ten are the latter, thanks be. Di
rect word from subscribers is a great help to the news
paper man. Every letter is given close and careful at
tention. The view of any man or woman that reads this
paper is worthy of consideration. If you like an article,
say so, and help the man who is trying to help you. If
you don't like, say so, and give your reasons. They
may well be perfectly good ones, and help the writer to
see the error of his ways. "I like the poetry you print
in The Review," wrote a lady one day last week. The
editor Is glad, madam, that you do. He was afraid he
used too much of it. But he is free to admit that he loves
to turn from the manifold news stories of divorce and
deviltry and deception and death and print words that
rhyme like music and tell of love and bloom and beauty
and hope and happiness and eternal life. A prayer at
twilight and a song at dawn are not amiss when one
must work all through the day.
A subscriber writes in to joke the editor about print
ing so much in praise of the Bisbee climate and sunsets
and mountains, but he never touched the mark. This
editor has only pity for that blind subscriber. If he had
dwelt for three years in the smoke and fog of the Missls
sipi shore where the mist hangs low like a gray blanket
on a dead man's face nine months of the year, he would,
like the editor, enjoy the wide sweep of the mesas and
the solemn strength of the mountains and the glory of
the sunset. If he had wilted under the fierce heat, day
and night, twilight and dawn, of St. Louis, he would ap
preciate more the glorious summer mornings that restore
a pilgrim's scul in this country. The best and the worst
are mixed together in every life and in every land. But
blessed and thrice fortunate is the man who can find
the good when it is at his hand and make it outweigh
the bad. This editor man is proud of every word of
praise he has written about his new home and he wrote
in strong sincerity and in gladness. He is truly sorry
for any of his fellows who cannot enjoy and love the re
compenses that the Lord on High has given to His des
ert people.
Rule No. 1 in the training camps is, "Get your man!"
No ethics or sport nianship or sense of honor goes in this
fight against the Boches. They know not these things.
By fair means or foul is their motto, mostly foul. The
bayonet drill therefore is conducted on the principle of
killing the Prussian and keeping him from killing you.
David Harum'8 horse trading maxim might also apply
here. "Do unto the other fellow what he would like to do
unto you, only do it first." was the way the quaint and
philosophical Davied traded nags. American soldiers
are to have no false notions in dealing with this treaeh
erous, unscrupulous, unholy foe. In a hundred ways the
German troops have shown their contempt and indiffer
ence for all things honorable or humane in warfare. They
have abused the flag of truce, they have held up their
hands in token of surrender and then played the hose of
their machine guns on confiding Tommies and Poilus.
There are no depths of depravity to which they have
not stooied in both camp and battle field. "Get your
man'1 Is a good slogan for the Sammies. I'ppercut hint.
cross him, rip him. slash him, CET HIM! Never let up. j
Press on all the time. The only good Box-he Is a dead I
Bo lie. Let there be no illusions for the boys who are j
going over there to fight this dark and dreadful foe. i
SUNDAY MORNING SERMON.
"For I have learned, in whatsoever state I am, therein
to be content." PhilUpians 4-11.
Paul was In prison when he wrote the above wise and
and great sentence. In it he sets forth the recipe for
the acme of human happiness. A contented man is the
happiest man alive. Content grows in such a man's mind
and soul with an unfailing radiance. It brings a quiet
happiness, a satisfaction, a serenity, an ideal state that
nothing else can bring.
Pleasure, success, riches, fame, these bring a bright
happiness and a thrill that are as intense as they arc
short lived. Success and Fame have a third twin who at
ways goes with them to all the homes and hearts they
visit upon this earth, and this third and sinister twin
is called Discontent. It will corrode the yellowest gold
and tarnish the most brilliant tapestries and drive happi
ness from the gayest heart.
Paul, as every Bible student knows, was a rich and
famous Jew. He was as learned as a rabbi and as elo
quent as a David. Dark, saturnine, filled with resistless
energy, a patrician to his finger tips, he despised the
simple Christians, and his thin, eager face was in the
front rank of those who persecuted the first preachers
of the creed of the Naxarene.
And then the Jew became a Christian; the aristocrat
became a poor wanderer without a place to lay his head.
He changed his purple and fine linen for a rough smock
and walked in the dust of the road with the lowliest of
the lowly. The Romans and Jews united to destroy him.
But writing from his stone bench in prison the glorious
apostle to the gentiles declared that "I have learned, in
whatsoever state I am, therein to be content."
He was happy in his work. He was satisfied with his
lot He was serene and calm and great. The petty af
fairs of this world and the ambitions of its rulers and
the mouthings of its crusaders and the hosannahs or ex
ecrations of the rabble and the laughter and shoutings of
its seekers after pleasure disturbed him not. His spirit
was the prince royal over his flesh.
Men and women laugh and make merry in the brilliant
balls of pleasure, but after the lights are turned low
and only the litter of the feast and the lees of the wine
remain, is there any pleasure then? Every one who has
been a guest at this place knows that only bitter regret
follows in the train of folly. The orator who thrills the
throng is in despair because his message did not reach
the heights of the famous ones who had gone before.
The writer sigs because he fears his book will not be
come a classic. There is always a richer than the rich;
a greater than the great And the worm that never dies
eats at the heart of those to whom the common people
look up to with envy and admiration. '
But the man who is strong enough in spirit to' be con
tented with his lot, no matter what it may be, he is of
the blood royal and a prince of the house of Golden
Hearts. His sense of humor is a bank account that will
always balance In his favol Hit smiU is a diamond and
his easy chair under his own vine and fig tree is a
throne. His books are a chariot of fire that will carry
him to the rim of the fartherest star. His table is al
ways a banquet board because he sprinkles the salt of
common sense upon his food. He envies no man, there
fore he is of all men the most to be envied.
The contented man is not only happy, he is great.
He has solved the problem of earth and has humble con
fidence in his Maker to solve the problem of immortality.
Paul, the apostle, lighted 'a lamp in prison that was to
illumine the world. He was contented with his lot, there
fore he wrought greatly. John Bunyan and Cervantes
wrote in prison and their books were full of wise
maxims and splendid imageries and men carried their
writings from the gloom of darkness and placed them
in the bright light of all the ages that should come after
them.
The mind is the master. Each man is the capUin of
his own soul. Riches and fame have nothing whatever
to. do with happiness. Love and Kindness and Content
are the Handmaidens in the throne room of the palace
of Joy.
For a little while yesterday afternoon the war and the
adjournment of congress and the money market had to
take a back seat for the world series. The Review of
fice was thronged with business and professional men
and workers who wanted to follow the blue ribbon event
of the great national game play by play. America is a
republic, but baseball is still king over all its cities and
towns and plains and mountain ranges, and his subjects
number most of the old and young boys of the land.
Brief State Notes
Mexican green parrots, with red
heads, known as "fcuacoiueas," have
appeared for the first time In Ari
zona, a flock of them being found raid
ing a milo maize field in the Mowry
section. The ranchers used a shot
gun on the invaders, killing a number.
Mauser rifles have been ordered for
the arming of the Flagstaff home
guards, government rifles not being
available, even under rifle club allow
ances. The membership Is to be sys
tematically drilled this winter and will
have rifle practice on the national
guard range and subcaliber practice
in an indoor range.
The truckers of the Southern Pacific
freight yard's struck at Tucson Thurs
day and walked out. demanding ?3 a
day and eight hours' work. It is said
that when the readjustment of wages
was made several months ago the
truckers secured a reduction of work
to ten hours, but received no increase
of pay. The day shift s ruck about
noon and the night shift did not show
up for work.
The cooks and waiters' strike in
Tucson is still on. and the picketing
of the so-called unfair houses which
have refused to grant the employes'
demand for an eight-hour day has
been resumed. Offiicals of the union
claim to have received the endorse
ment 'of all of the building central
trades unions in the city, and a strong
appeal has been sent out to the rail
road brotherhoods, asking their sup
port in making the strike effective
Work of rebuilding the mills of the
Union Basin Mining company at Gol
conda, which were destroyed by fire
Thursday night, will begin immediate
ly. As yet no intimation as to the
probable origin of the fire has been
given out. The fire when discovered
had gained such headway as to put it
beyond the control of the fire-fighting
equipment available, and before Ion;,'
both the old and the new mills had
been totally destroyed. The new mill
has just been completed, and it is
said that about 750 tons of zinc ore
were being handled daily. The prop
erty was amply covered with insur
ance.
County Briefst
Three trainlodas of cattle from eKnt
Texas, will be unloaded at Benson for
the Huachuca range next week, it was
reported yesterday, as a result of the
drought in Texas.
The advantage of Douglas as a site
for an artillery firing school is being
investigated by the southern depart
ment on orders from Gen. T. H. Bliss,
chief of staff, according to word re
ceived by the chamber of commerce.
The boys of the high school at
Douglas who are taking military drill
have decided to wear the regulation
army service uniform 'of olive drab.
Adjutant General Harris has agreed
to furnish these uniforms complete
for $10. Military training is compul
sory for high school students this
year.
Miss Edna Beyrer, for more than a
year head nurse at the army hospital,
at Douglas, was ordered to report to
the commanding officer at Camp Wads
worth. Spartanburg, South Carolina,
for duty. Miss Beyrer has many
friends. For awhile she gave instruc
tion in first aid Work to classes of
Douglas women who were anxious to
learn how to become aides to army
nurses.
Twelve head of horses from the rac
ing stables of T. E. Pollock of Flag
staff arrived at the state fair grounds
this week, and from now on until fair
time will devote their attention to
adjusting their hoofs to the reive;
surface of the famous race track. The
track is reputed to be so fast this
year that horses which believe in safe
ty first al! want to get used to the
touch of it before they make the' final
try for the money, or. as a sailor
would say, get their sea legs. The Pol
lock horses this season are under the
tutelage of Charles de Ryder, than
whom there are few if any who have
negotiated more and speedier miles in
the last ten years on anybody's track.
Do you remember the words of that peerless orator and
first pacifist. William J. Bryan, who declared that it"
America was really threatened, "an army of a million
would spring up over night." Well, we declared war on
Germany some five months ago and we have bent every
energy of this nation from that day to this to raising an
army of a million men. And after one hundred and fifty
days we have about a quarter of a million men ready t of having been assaulted
lasnion lour nines wiunu
Henry Murguia, a Southern Pacific
boilermaker, and the eiEh'een-year-
old son of Mrs. Carlota Wood of North
Tenth avenue were put off the train
which bore the third contingent to
ward Camp Funston, when they were
discovered the following morning, ac
cording to a telegram received by the
Tucson local board Friday, from Capr.
Warren V. Grossetta. Murguia had
been .for some time wiring the local
board at Bakersville, Cal., to permit
him to go with the third contingent.
Woods had endeavored to get into
the navy, his mother refusing her con
sent. The pair climbed through a
window of the troop train and hid
all night. They were dropped at Tu-
cumcari.
The coming of the Arizona State
Sunday School association to Tucson
next week suggests to the public the
work which the Sunday school is do-
ng over the world. Starting in 17S0,
in the city of Gloucester, England,
the Sunday school movement has ex
perienced a wonderful growth, spread
ing into almost every country of the
globe. Today there are no less than
32.000,000 attending Sunday school
every Sunday Sunday, of whom about
20.000,000 are in the United States
alone. The organization which meets
in Tucson next, week includes all the
regular Protestant Sunday schools of
the state, of many denominations. Its
interdenominational character is one
of the best forces to secure a spirit
of sympathy and co-operation among
tho various religious bodies involvod.
Deputy Sheriff S. I. Phillips of Bis
bee. armed with a motorcycle, sweep-
ed down on Douglas Saturday to give
iocal speed kings a run for their mon-
?y. As his motorcycle makes seventy
miles an hour, he thinks he can beat
them all. His first victim was Dr. W.
A. Greene, whom he arrested on up
per B avenue, alleging that he was
running his car twenty-five miles an
hour. International.
Miss Maud Hill, one of the princi
pals in a bloody shooting scrape at the
Alexandra hotel Tuesday night was
arraigned before Justice of the Peace
Dunlap at 2 o'clock yesterday after
noon and her preliminary hearing on
a charge of assault with intent to
commit murder set for next Tuesday
afternoon at 2 o'clock. Eddie Curtis
the man she shot, is resting easily at
Calumet hospital, .apparently out of
danger of losing bis life.
AS MAN TO MAN
THE STORY
THE FALLING
WATER TOLD
'Though the desert shall surround me
It hath springs that may be won."
With the discovery Friday morning
of an automobile with four false not
toms and two tires filled witb bottles
of whiskey, the extremes to which
bootleggers are going to get away wt:h
their game was forcibly revealed. The
car was driven by Marcelino Gosten
ado, a Mexican of Douglas, who is un
der arrest. The capture was made at
6 o'clock on the road three miles this
side of Apache by Deputy Sheriff O.
E. Patterson. The circumstances r
the case show that bo'jtlegging is no:
the old rough, and ready game that it
used to be but a fine and requiring agil
ity of brain'as well as boldness of spir
it to successfully carry out Constant
pursuit by officers has reduced the
Dootlegging business to a point where
a thorough knowledge of it is required
jf the pursued as well as the pursuer
and hunting for bootleggers is getting
to be about as keen and exciting sport
as one could wish to engage in.
for intensive training in France, and possibly fifty thous
and men in France now who are ready for the trenches.
The expression, "a million men will rise up over night."
sounds good to the pneifist who utfrs it and to the
thoughtless pacifists who hear it Hut the practical and
patriotic citizens of this nation know better. One hun
Dick Hefiin. aged 19. son of a promi
nent local business man of Phoenix,
has had the remarkable experience
in deadly
a year by-
unknown foes. Friday night he was
beset on McKinley street, a half mile
from his home, by two men. who al
most stunned him by a blow on the
head and then tried to choke him. at
the Fame time starting to search his
pockets. Hefiin managed to draw a
IKi..ini r. rtA I,,-,, ulmtu VVlipn the
dred thousand trained men would make short work of ! 1 . , ... .' ,
i shots brought neighbors to the scene.
t.'iis untrained million
In modern war It requires a year
to train and fit and munition a million men. Men In our
training camps today are drilling with broom handles
and wooden guns. Blankets, boots and bacon are badly
needed. AH the energies or this nation must be devoted
all winter long to gutting ready to play our part in t Ii
Great Usui? next summer.
Ileftin was found almost unconscious,
wi'h evidence of added dancer i"
slashes that cut his shirt, showing
that efforts had been made to stah
him. Twice before he had been "held
up" on the street and. while alone at
home, lie was beaten unconscious hy
bursars, who then ransacked the
I house.
Col. Goerge H. Morgan, inspector of
militia in Minnesota, has been order
ed to the Seventeenth cavalry. Camp
Harry J. J'ones. As he will be the sen
ior officer here, it is supposed he will
command the Arizona district as well
as the Seventeenth cavalry, relieving
Col. DeRosey Cabell, now commanding
the district who will probably return
to the command of the Tenth cavalry
at Fort Huachuca. Col. Morgan is a
medal of honor man. having Won the
medal in one 'of the Indian campaigns
of his early days. Up to about a year
ago he had command of Fort Bliss,
where he was the ranking officer four
years. He commanded the Fifteenth
cavalry in 1913, was a lieutenant col
'onel of the Eleventh cavalry and ma
jor in the Ninth cavalry, having also
been for a time with the Third cavalry.
He is a member of the class of 1776 at
West Point. He was born in Canada
but was reared in Minnesota, which he
calls his home, and he is an LL. B.. of
the university of that sta.e. Mrs. Mor
gan is now in St. Paul, but it is not
yet known positively whether or not
she will come to Douglas.
Dr. Clara J. Stillmann of Pasadena,
arrived in Douglas yesterday to visit
her brother, II. C. Stillman. and his
family for the balance of the month
or longer. Dr. Stillman is one of the
early pioneers of Arizona, having come
from Connecticut in 1881 and making
her home with Mr. and Mrs. 11. C. Still
man at Bisbee where they then re
sided. She was the first sch'jol teach
er that Bisbee ever had. and a member
of the preseut business men of Co
chise county were among her pupils.
It is hard to realize upon seeing Bisbee
at the present time, that in 18S2 they
were compelled to change locations of
what was then the school house (just
above Castle Jiock) to the building
now occupied by E. A. Tovera & Co., in
Brewery Gulch on account of Indian
troubles, as parents refused to allow
their children to go so far away from
Thus mused the newspaper man as
he sat last Sunday upon the roots of
an old sycamore tree in a gorge of
the Huachucas and watched the wat
ers of a mountain brook tumble over
a big rock and break into waves and
bubbles and foam at his feet.
And the falling water told the sim
ple newspaper man a most wise and
wonderful story as he sat there by its
rockribbed bed that September day
with the Arizona sunshine streaming
about him and weaving mysterious
shadows in the leaves of the jungle
growth.
Falling water will always talk to
a wayside pilgrim if he will only sit
still long enough and bow bis bead
in humility to listen.
This water came from the peaks of
the Huachucas and wax still fresh and
gay after its long journey down the
canyon. It had been told by its wise
old mother, a gray cloud that lived
above the peaks, that it must work
hard 11 day cutting its bed deeper
Into the rock and then go down to
the San Pedro valley at night and be
swallowed by the desert sands. But
it was not afraid. It flowed bravely
on, spreading green grass and yellow
bloom and sheltering leaf all along
the way to gladden the hearts of the
people of the desert who come this
far to spend a golden day. Listen
to its story:
"I was born in that gray, cloud you
see above the mountain top. But mv
mother had so- many other children
that she tumbled me out of her lap
and I fell upon the rocks away up
yonder. I am glad I fell in such a
high place for I shall have a pleasant
journey down to the low places where
all raindrops die. I have not been
idle a moment since I came to this
land. If you will go up the canyon
a little ways you will see something
of the work that my people have been
doing for a few thousand years past
I have done my part And down here
you ran see more of my work in
these green banks and great trees
and buds and blooms.
"Long years ago. in another life. I
vraa r. a rt r f a .tv.r f a 1 1 th. NTlto
and I saw Cleopatra's maid, char. d enough money for a trip to the-
. . . . . . coasi ana innsimas presents ior au
mian, wooed and won by an Egyp-j
tian soldier of the palace guard. Later
JUMBO COOKIES AND
JOB WORK BOUGHT
AWAY FROM HOME
The newspaper man had sad and
heavy thoughts the other day, brought
on by the habits and tendencies or
certain Bisbee business men to send
out of town for their jobwork.
Rousing himself out of these som
bre meditations, the newspaper man
left his den and walked down the
street in the hone that the brilliant
sunshine streaming down the valley
would dissipate the mists of business
disappointment from his mind.
It was then that he met his goon
friend, Tom Hughes, and stopped to
discourse with him upon topics cal
culated to cheer. The conversation
turned to the exceeding high prices of
pork, pancake flour and pincushions.
And this reminded Hughes of an in
cident of his early married life that
he declared would never be effaced
from his mind.
After having tripped gayly' for a
week along the miracle track of
the Honeymoon Trail. Hughes and
his blushing bride settled down to
the more serious duties of married
life in a mining camp to the north
of here a few score miles more or less.
Like most newly weds, they resolved
to be very economical. Never should
their house lack shingles for the pro
verbial rainy day, resolved this wise
and wonderful young bride and groom.
For a starter they resolved to beat
the H. C. L. and the local merchant
with the same club. They procured
a mail order catalogue and bought a
big bill of groceries from Chicago
for half the price. The goods came
and a drayman brought them to the
dovecote and three husky assistants
lugged them inside. The bride sent
a hurry-up call and Hughes dropped
his fountain pen and adding machine
In the furrow and hastened home at
the ralL ,
With high hopes and proud satis
faction resting upon his bulging brow,
Hughes unpacked the cases and car
tons and his fair young bride ar
ranged their contents upon table,
chair and shelf. The tiny kiocben
was filled and the overflow was con
signed to the dining room, the bed
room and the parlor.
"We had enough to feed four regi
ments in France for five months,"
said Hughes, with a reminescent sigh.
"We figured exultingly that we had
I fell to earth again in a little French
stream and touched the pretty feet
of Arietta, the tanner's daughter, be
fore she became William the Con
querer's queen. I was in the river
below Essling when Ney, the bravest
of the brave, rode his horse into the
water and defied the Austrian cannon
halls. I have fallen over the dizzy
heights of Niagara and have been ad
mired in the giant fastness of Yellow
stone park.
"But in spite of the wonders I have
een and the great personages with
'torn I have come in contact I am
neither conceited or proud. I am
lust j drop of water, serving my turn
pc-n a thirsty earth. Somehow, now
at I stop in this dim pool for a
moment to rest and think, there
conies to me the conviction that I
am happier and more useful here than
I have ever been before. The peo
ple who come here to see roe are so
appreciative and say so many fine
things about me and my simple work.
This is a beautiful spot and these peo
ple are most dear and kind. I hope
my old gray mother sends me here
again.
The water passed on', singing a lull
aby to waltz measure, and the news
paper man walked on up the canyon
to the famous "box." There he saw
the work the water had done, and it
was indeed wonderful. Deep into the
living rock it had cut its way. a ring
of cuttings for every thousand years
or so. Sheer ramparts two hundred
feet high loomed above him. great
rocks were strewn through the gorge
as by a giant's hand, dim, cool shad
ows lurked at his shoulder. He had 1
seen grander sights but none that he
loved so well. All those famous
placer, that the falling water had been.
our relatives. Well, sir, there was
scarcely a thing in that stock of
goods that was fit to eat. The coffee
was made from oak bark, chicory,
sawdust and tar. The oatmeal wouli
have gagged a goat The canned
peaches were too green and the dried
peaches were too ripe. The bacon
was too fat and the sausage too lean.
The sugar had been garnered from a
sand bank and the syrup was made
from sangamon seeds, whatever they
are.
"Two years later, when we left that
little house with the pink pigeons on
the gables, my wife called the old
colored mammy that did onr house
work and made her a present of the
lot It was still practically intact
That faithful child of an oppressed
race worked for three days to carry
the stuff to her cabin."
Hughes sighed again. "My first and
last dip into the sea of economies
that are beset with the shoals and
rocks of department store catalogues."
The newspaper man continued on
his way, still seeking solace from the
sunshine. The jobwork bought from
foreign shops is just like Tom Hughes'
Chicago coffee and cinnamon, but the
trouble is. the men who buy it in
Joblot jumbles do not know it. seiz
ing only the low prices in the cata
logues that dazzled the eyes of Tom
Hughes, the brideroom, years ao.
Poet's Corner
j FAITH.
I believe In tho world and Its bigness
and splendor.
That most of the heart beats around
us are tender;
That days are but footsteps and years
are but miles
they were the Shakespeares of nature.! that ieaj U9 to beauty and singing and
met only as the wandering rabble
meet the great and admire them
from a distance and pass on. know ins
them not at all. But here was a
Rudyard Kipling among the wonders.
Big enough to be great, and yet small
enough to be grasped and known and
loved.
Yes, the falling water's story rang
true. This was the most beautiful
place of all. The desert people arej
smiles;
That roses that bi'Js.oiu and toilers
that plod
Ate tilled w'i'Ji the glorious bpirii ot
God. .
I believe in the path that to-lay I am
treading.
That I shall come 'safe through, wlat
dangers I'm dreading;
That even the scoffer shall turn from
hU ways
the most appreciative. The work done! And some day be won back to trust
here is the most worth while.
The newspaper man loves the dev
ert because of its quiet and he loves
the barren mountaias of Bisbee be
cause of their strength. But when he
wearies of these and seeks change.
town. Indians were depredating l he knows of a place in the Huachucas,
close to town and frequently seen in
Tombstone Canyon. Dr. Stillman re-
uuined in Btebee until 1S86 when she
removed t'J San Diego and afterward
took up her residence and the practice
of her profession in Pasadena and this
is her first trip back to Arizona since
that time. Mr. Stfllinan and family
are anticlpa'ing a great deal of pleas-
! uie from her vis-it.
only two hours' ride as his faithful
flivver runs, where the murmuring
water is never still and the leaves
are greener and the flowers brighter
than they are any where el.se in th
world, just because they are so close
to the desert sands and because ho
looks at them with eyes that have
been made appreciative by the magic
of cuntrabt.
and to praise;
That the leaf on the tree and the thin ;
we call Man
Are sharing alike In His infinite plan.
I believe that all things that a.c living
and breathing
Some richness of beauty to earth are
bequeathing :
That all that ,oes Vut of this world
leaves behind
Some du'y accomplished for mortals to
find:
That the humblest of creatures our
praise is deserving.
For it. with the wisest, the Master is
serving.
Edar Guet THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 7, 1917.
FIVE
Cicotte and Felsch Feature
Opening Game of National
andAmericanLeagueLeaders
MM
' . . tUJitt.'
(Continued From Page One.)
" No Vacant Seats.
As it was, there was not a vacant
seat within the amphi theatre when
the players tpok the field and hun
dreds of disappointed fans thronged
the adjacent streets. Every point of
vantage which in any. way overlook
ed the diamond was occupied by men
and boys long before the game began;
and as the struggle progressed, the
groups grew in number.
The sloping roofs and towers of the
Seventh regiment armory were throng
ed with soldiers and sailors while
the trees and fences of a small park
bore human burdens that neither na
ture nor architects had intended in
the original plan.
Inside the park the crows overflow
ed both bleachers and pavilions un
til the fans were rows deep behind
the center field fence. Many of these
had stood in line all night and were
lined up by thousands at the gates
when the portals were opened early
in the forenoon. By noon the last of
the regular seats and other space
were filled and the doors closed. Aft
er that the only persons to enter the
park were the fortunate holdets of
reserved seat coupons.
Usual Scenes.
The scenes among the fans were
much the same as in all recent series.
Flags were prominent throughout the
park and there were the usual bands,
singing and photographing and movie
camera operators who snapped and
cranked their machines before and
during the game.
New Color.
A touch of color foreign to past
series was furnished, however, by the
presence in a body of more than 1,500
members of the officers, reserve train
ing corps from Fort Sheridan. Group-
A Drop On a
Touchy Corn
Instant relief! Then corn or
callus lifts off with fingers.
Just think! You can lift
off any corn or ralius
without one twinge ot
pain.
A Cincinnati man dis
covered this ether com
p'ourid and named it freez
one. Any druggist will
Fell a tiny bottle of freez
one for very little cost
You apply a few drops dir
ectly upon a tender corn
or callus. Instantly the
soreness disappears, ' then
shortly you will find the
corn or callus tA loose that
you can lift it right off.
Freezone is wonderful.
It dries Instantly. It does
not eat away the corn or
callus, but shrivels it up
without even irritating the
skin.
Hard corns, soft corns,
or corns between the toes, ax well as
painful calluses, lift right off. There
is no pain before or afterwards. No
soreness or smarting. Women should
keep a tiny bottle on the dresser and
never let a corn ache twice. Adv.
jiic
"!'rVY"l
4
T7
I ed back of first base, their khaki uni
forms and sunburned faces suppliel
! a back ground which (contrasted sharp
ly with the remainder of the civilian
gathering.
Few Women.
One of the oddities of the scene
from the standpoint of the spectators
, was the comparatively few women
! among all the thousands who witness
; ed the play. The percentage of fe
males could not have been more thau
one tc one hundred. There was alsc
- a notable absence of the continuous
; cheering. There were tremendous"
outbursts of applause and encourage
client at critical periods of the play
. or when startling catches or hits
i were made, but on the whole the
j tenseness of the struggle appeared tc
grip the fans so strongly that they
i were unable to give vent to theii
, emotions in the usual manner.
Sensational Game.
The game was replete with start!
; Ing. catches, double plays, long hits
i and the breaks which mark the line
dividing victory and defeat. In the
: enthusiasm of the occasion even tht
weather man relented and at the las'
moment furnished a perfect weathei
setti-ig for the diamond battle. The
I blue sky was flecked with a film ol
' clouds and the stiff south wind failed
to interfere with their work due U
; the protection of the towering stands
; Under foot the field, although a trifle
soft from the rain Friday, was tru
and there was not a miscue whicl
could be attributed to poor fieldinr
conditions.
! White Sox Better.
! While the box score shows little ad
, vantage between the two teams th
' tact remains that the White Sox, toi
; the day at least, showed a faster and
; better machine than the Giants. Bot!
i Infield and outfield worked with per
I feet judgment and harmony and the
I players collectively and individual
, co-operated to a higher degree than
j was the case with the National league
I club. The men of Rowland, with Ci
! cotte on the mound, appeared to havt
j a psychological edge on the Giant
and even in the most uncertain mo
j ments of the contest played with dash
land vim.
First to Score.
They were the first to score, gath
ering in their initial run in the third
iwhen, alter Schalk had been retired
I at first by Zimuiornian, Oieotle
singled through second. John Collins
followed with another to right and
Cicotte was thrown out at third by
Robertson while Collins took second
; on the throw across the diamond. From
midway sack lie was able to score
easily when McMuIlen doubled over
second. 'The second and deciding run
of the contest was a home run drive
I of remarkable power au length by
' Felsch, in the fourth when he caught
one of Sallee's sweeping curves on
I the end of his bat and sent the ball
1 soaring more than 400 feet into the
i left tenter bleachers. It is doubtful
if a lustier home run ha3 been de-
livered in a world's series,
i Giants' Lone Tally,
j The Giants' lone tally came in the
j following inning when McCarty ham
mered out a three-base hit between
Felsch and J. Collins which might
have gone for a home run also had
I he been able to run faster. Recently
j recovered from a brokeu leg. how
' ever, the best McCarty could do was
to reach third, from which point he
scored easily on Sallee's single. There
were several other times when the
Giants threatened but in every case
sensational plays by the Sox turned
them back. The outstanding example
of these wonderful defensive plays
was a shoe string catch by Jackson
in the seventh inning when he swept
in on the run and caught McCarty's
drive just off the grass and finished
with a somersault, coming up with
the ball in his hand so quickly that
Holke was easily held at first, which
he had reached as the result of a
single to right.
Players Hit the Ball.
Another unusual angle of the play
was the fact that Cicotte was forced
to work harder, as the winning pitch
er, than Sallee, who went down to de
feat after hurling a creditable game
In every respect The" tendency of
the White Sox to hit anything that
looked good instead of waiting out
the opposing pitcher was illustrated
by the fact that Sallee threw only S6
balls in eight innings. Cicotte's total
for nine innings was 101.
Each pitcher was a bit off in the
third inning. Cicotte threw 20 times
in that session, nine of bis offerings
being balls, two clean strikes, three
foul strikes, two fouls, one hit safely
and three hit to fielders. In the same
inning Salle sent up five balls, five
clean strikes, was found for three
safe hits and had to pitches hit to
fielders.
The score:
NEW YORK AB. R. H. PO. A. E.
Burns, If. 3 0 1 2 0 0
Herzog. 2b 4 0 13 10
Kauff, cf. ..4 0 0 0 0 0
Zimmerman, 3b. 4 0 0 1 3 0
Fletcner, ss 4 0 0 2 3 0
Robertson, rf. 4 0 10 10
Folke, lb 3 0 2 14 0 0
McCarty, c 3 112 11
Sallee, p 3 0 1 0 6 0
Totals
CHICAGO
J. Collins, rf. ..
McMuIlen. 3b. ....
E. Collins. 2b. ...
Jackson, If.
Felsch, cf.
Gandil, lb.
Weaver, ss. ,
Schalk, c.
C!cote, p
32- 1 7 24 15 1
AB. R. H. PO. A. E.
4
3
3
3
3
4
3
.3
3
1
0
2
5
4
1 10
0 2
1 0
1 0
Totals 28 2 7 27 10 1
By Innings: R. H. E
New York 000 010 0001 7 1
Chicago 001 100 OOx 2 7 1
Summary: Two-base hits, McMul
len, Robertson, J. Collins; three-base
h't, McCarty; home run, Felsch; stol
3n bases. Burns, Gandil; sacrifice hit.
McMuIlen; double play. Weaver to E
Collins to Gandil ;left on bases, New
York 5. Chicago 3; first base on er
rors. New York 1; bases on balls, off
Cicotte 1; hits and runs off Sallee ?
runs in eight innings, off Cicotte 1 run
in 9: struck out by Cocitte 2, by Sal
lee 2.
Cmpires: O'Loughlin behind the
plate; Klem at first base; Rigler at
Second; Evans at third.
Time of game: 1:4S.
Total Balls Pitched.
The total balls pitched, by innings:
Innings Sallee Cicotte
First 10 13
Second ' 10 11
Third 15 20
Fourth 10 10
Fifth 13 14
Sixth 6 9
Seventh 8 9
Eighth 14 9
Ninth .. C
In the sixth inning neither pitcher
had a ball called and Cicotte repeat
id this feat in the ninth. In the whole
game the totals of the various kinds
of pitches were as follows:
Balls, Cicotte 30, Sallee 24; strikes
Sallee 19, Cicotte 22; foul strikes, Sal
tee 12, Cicotte 15; fouls, Sallee 4. Ci
cotte 4; safe hits, Sallee 7, Cicot'e
7; hit to. fielders, Sallee 20, Cicotts
23.
Detailed Play.
The detailed play of the game fol
lows :
First Inning New York: Burns
waited until the count was three balls
and two sTikes. then hit sharply over
3econd. Herzog lifted an easy one
:o left field where Jackson was waiting
for it. Kauff also died to Jackson.
Zimmerman had two strikes called on
him when Burns stole second and Zim
merman then flicd to Felch in left cen
ter. One hit; n'j runs.
Chicago J. Collins, first of the loc
als at bat, rose to the occasion as had
Burns. He fouled off two nice ones
and then lined cleanly to right center.
McMuIlen flashed' a signal to J. CVri
lins that he was going to bunt, and Col.
lins made second when Sallee and
Holke retired McMuIlen. It was a
beautiful sarriiice. E. Collins retired
via the Fletcher-Holke route, his name
sake taking third. Herzog ran back
for Jackson's fly and ended the inning.
One bit: no runs.
Second Inning: New York Gamlil
walked under Fletcher's high foul. Rob
ertson rolled a slow jne to Cicotte.
who threw him out at first. Holke
beat a leisurely grounder to first. His
fir3t triumph was brief, for McCarty
bad hardly faced the pitcher when he
was caught off first. One hit; no run3.
Chicago Fletcher went back a few
steps for Felsch's pop-up. Gandil lined
so hot a drive that Zimmerman drop
ped it for a second, but recovered in
time Vj throw the runner out. .Sallee
and Holke handled Weaver's sharp
bounder to the Giant's pitcher. No
hits; no runs.
Third Inning: New York McCarty
sent long fly to left center, but Felsch
i if .
i.s;""'Wii. 4 . wit 'f
J
-f -jr . ...... 'i t s
i - s :- x -
f
FELSH AND KAUFF; THE MAN
WHO "DELIVERED" AND THE
MAN WHO DIDN'T.
trotted under it with comparative ease
Sallee popped out to Weaver. Burns
proved a good waiter and was walked,
rie went to second on Herzog's clean
single right Kauff ended the rally
with a foul to Gandil. One hit; no
runs.
Chicago Zimmerman's big mit
stopped Schalk's drive and the batter
was out at first. Cicotte caught a
wide inshoot on the end of his bat for
a single over second. J. Collins, shot
another to right and went tv second
when Cicotte tried to make third on
the play. Cicotte was out. McMuI
len drove the first run over the plate.
He hit a low fly to center which bound
ed past Kauff for a double, Collins
sc'jring. Zimmerman made a pretty
catch of E. Collin's foul back of third
base. Three hits; one run.
Fourth Inning: New York Zim
mertnann s:ruck at the first ball pitch
ed and fouled out to Schalk. McMuI
len made a pretty pick-up of Fletcher's
fast grounder and the batter retired
at first Robertson slammed a beau
tiful double to right center which
might have carried him farther had it
no: been for Felsch's pretty one-handed
stop and perfect thi'jw-in. He died
there, however, as Holke was an easy
out, McMuIlen to Gandil. One hit; no
runs.
Chicago Jackson sent an easy fly
to left and was out. Felsch, as he
came to bat, was applauded for his
stop of Robertson's drive and respond
ed by driving the ball into the left-field
bleachers for a homer, which pi'jvcd
to be ihe winning run. Gandil was
retired, Sallee to Holke and Weave:
flew out to left. One hit; one run.
Fifth Inning: New York McCarty
sent a terrific three-base drive to the
bleachers near ihe scoie board in cen
ter field. Only the injury to his le?
last spring kept him from making the
circuit of the Dases. Sallee rose to
the occasion with a single to shUrt
right on which McCarty scored the on
ly run of the day for the visitors.
Burns hit into a sharp double play
which retired Saiiee and himself.
Weaver to E. Collins to Gandil. Her
zog struck out. Two hits; one run.
Chicago Schalk grounded 'jut to
Holke, unassisted. Cicotte was
thrown out at first by Sallee. J. Col
lins duplicated Schalk's effort by an
unassisted out at first. No hi -s ; no
runs.
Sixth Inning: New York Cicotte
threw Just nine balls in this inning.
Kauff struck out on the first three of
them. Zimmerman popped to Canuil
and Fletcher's fly landed in the hands
of Jackson. NV hits; no runs.
Chicago McMuIlen went out, Her
zog to Holke. E. Collins struck out
and Jackson' added another unassisted
put-out to Holke at first to the record
No hits; no runs.
Seventh Inning: New Vjrk Jack
son nipped a rally in this inning with
a hair-raising catch in short left. I?oi
ertsou had gone out third to first, and
Holke bad singled pust out of reach of
Gandil's outstretched mitt when Mc
Carty hit a low fly. Jackson, coiniiM
forward at top speed, took the ball oil
his shoe laces, tumbled over but came
to his feet wlih the ball tafe in hi:'
hands. Sallee sent a fly to Felsch
One hit; no runs.
Chicago Sallee threw out Felsch at
first. Gandil's project ile-like drive did
not bound quite as high as Zimmernia.i
had expected and it went through bin
les for a hit He stole second and
went to third when McCarty V tl'.row t :
second went wild. Weaver struck
out. Schalk out, Fletcher to Holxc
One hit; runs.
Eifhth Inning:--New York Burns
lined to center ami Herzoy flew out to
Jai k.-o:i. Kautt uii to short and was
" - m
safe on Weaver's wild throw. He was
nipped otT first a moment later, Cicotte
to Gandil to Collins.
Chicago Fletcher threw Cicotte out
at first. J. Collins doubled to left. Mc
MuIlen hit to Sallee and w as safe while
Collins was being run down between
second and third, Sallee to Zimmerman
to Herzog. McMuIlen died stealing.
fr-rartv tn Herzoe. One hit; no runs.
Ninth Inning: New lone .iru
merman grounded out, Cicotte to Gan
dil. Fletcher popped to Weaver and
Robertson flew ou; i'j right No hits;
no runs.
Interest In Sunday.
By ten o'clock tunight the line of
fans, who wished to secure seats in the
bleachers tomorrow was so long that
the small squad of police at the park
was deemed inadequate by Chief
Scbuetler and he sent 25 mounted re
serve offcers to assist in keeping order.
The scenes of last nigt were re-en
acted. All came prepared for the long
vigil and made themselves comfortable
for the night. Some wrapped them
selves In blankets and others chatted
the night away, sitting on boxes and
stools.
Gay Chicago Crowd.
Downtown Chicago . tonight enter
tained one of the gayest crowds in its
hlst'jry Theatres and cafes were un
able to care for the merry-makers and
hotels reported that not since the ex
position in 1893 has there been such a
demand for rooms. Corridors, dining
rooms and hallawys were filled with
cots.
Little betting was reported.
As To Pitchers.
No intimation has been given as to
who the opposing pitchers will be to
morrow. Manager McGraw showed
his readiness to confuse all predictions
when he started Sallee today when it
had been generally understood that
Schupp would be Cicotte's opponent.
Among those who claim an intimacy
with the Giants' manager it is said
Schupp will pitch the Sunday game
with Perritt as the most pitbable al
ternate. Charles Herzog, the Giants'
captain, shares this belief.
Manager Rowland of the White Sox
is equally reticent as to his choice.
Faber, Williams or Russell are regard
ed as the most likely selections.
The Call
(By Thos. A. Egan.)
Uncle Sam calls upon the people oi
the country to subscribe to the second
Liberty Loan. It is the duty of every
true American to answer the call and
subscribe liberally to this loan. Those
who cann'ot go to the front and tight
must back up those w ho do. We are
duty bound to mortally and materially
support our sailors and soldiers. Our
greatest blow to autocracy will be oui
demonstration to the world that the
resources 'of the people are pledged
and generously given to carry on the
war to a successful conclusion and a
complete victory for democracy.
Every dollar given in support of our
government in this crisis, strengthens
its conduct of the war, makes easier
the purchase of supplies, the acre of
'our men at the front our aid given tc
the allies, and hastens the dawn ot
peace.
The Liberty Loan is not a donation,
even if it were it would be the dutj
of every true American to donate and
to do so liberally, but the government
does not ask this, on the contrary it
gives full value for the loan. It pro
vides the greatest security t'o the in
vestor, the credit of the United States
government.
To loan money out at a fair rate oi
interest with gilt edge security is con
sidcred good business and to be able to
loan it to your government, when it
has been forced into a gigantic strug
gle, is a true form of patriotism. ll
Is a patriotic duly which does not de
mand a sacrifice on your part, it is a
service rendered, and a benefit secur
ed without risk.
Surely no one would be so unpatri
otic or so ungenerous as to hoard tht
dollar which he can so wisely and tc
his own profit invest in the Liberty
Loan and strengthen the arms of the
men who are so bravely fighting our
battle at the front.
To make this loan a popular and ov
erwhelmingly success the government
must look to the small investor. Cap
italists could easily handle this loan,
but to place it entirely with them
would deprive it of its effectiveness as
a popular loan. Therefore let every
one save an prepare for the largest
possible subscription.
GLARK G. GRIFFITH
BALL AND BAT FUND
TO BE PUSHED HERE
Clark Griffith, manager of the
Washington "Nationals," writes John
J. Eddy, giving him information about
the "Clark V. Griffith Ball and Bat
Fund" for American soldiers on the
other side of the water. This fund
has been supported editorially with
the greatest enthusiasm by the bin
eastern papers. Eddy will tike
charge of local contributions, and
'i'uesiii.y complete information will be
published concerning the sort of pub
licity to be used and the methods
whereby this worth while work will
be pushed.
More Exposures
Expected ofBolo
Pasha's Actions
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK, Oct. 6. Exposures by
ihe state department of Bolo Pasha's
activities in this country resulted to
day in a re-opening here of the state
attorney general's inquiry into the
machinations of the spy with former
Ambassador von Bernstorff to bring
about a seperate peace between Ger
many and France early in 1916.
After additional testimony had been
given by Adolph Pavenstedt, a recall
ed witness, Alfred Becker, deputy at
torney general, left for Washington to
place before the French ambassador
:he disclosures resulting from the in
quiry in this state. This evidence will
be sent to the French military authori
ties in Paris nearly next week to be
used at the trial of Bolo, now under
arrest.
While the state investigators regard
ed their inquiry as virtually completed
jince they have accomplished what
the French government asked, It is
'.nought certain the federal govern
ment with the disclosures made here,
in its possession, will be able tv make
further revelations ot German intrigue
in this country. Inquiry Into Bolo
Pasha's financial transactions here will
be continued.
Pavenstedt was questioned regard
ing the cablegrams made public last
night between von Bernstorff and his
government in which the ambassador
arranged for a loan of $1,700,000 to
one of the leading personalities" in
Trance after having learned from "an
intirely trustworthy source" that
peace might be brought about Paven
stedt today identified himself as .''the
trustworthy source" and testified he
believed von Bernstorff, meant Bolo
?asha as - the "personality."
Pavenstedt said also it was he who
n'oposed to von Bernstorff, at Bolo's
suggestion, that the German press be
nfluenced to pass over in silence "the
change in the inner political situation
In France."
Naval Officials
Do Not ClainAny
Complete Success
(By Review Leasea Wire
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6. In making
jubiic today an account of an action
between an American destroyer in
European waters and a German sub
marine the navy department avoided
any claim the U-boat had been des
troyed, although all indications point
ed to that result. The report on whicn
the department's statement wa
founded was made by Vice Admira."
Sims, in command of American de
stroyers in the war zone, indicating
his belief a victory had been scored,
but Admiral Benson, chief of naval
operations, pointed out that the ex
perience of Great Britain and France
in similar cases ' made it unwise to
olace too much confidence in circum
stantial evidence.
The allied powers have found that
German submarine commanders at
tempt to create the impression their
craft have been destroyed and tfius
terminate the pursuit. There have
dropped to great depths and bombs
and oil has come up, indicating a hit.
The assumption is the oil was re
leased to deceive the enemy while the
' U-boat crept away.
Russians Fail to
Agree on Future
(Continued From Page One)
lutionary Russia. It was the first time
I the shaggy peasants and soldiers, ac-
customed to demonstrating against
1 ind attacking the bourgeoise, had sat
: with them ou equal terms at the coun
, citl table. It is understood the gov
, arnnieut and M'oscow leaders stood
: tiirinly for admitting representees ot
:he constitutional democrats to the
! cabinet .and this question w as still the
otumbling block at the hour of recess,
j The democratic congress adjourned
, tonight after having appointed a pre
'. liminary parliament of 305 members
' who will begin their sitting tomorrow
and c'ontinue in session until the meet
ing of the constituent assembly.
. Simultaneously the Petrograd coun
cil of soldiers and workmen's deputies
disappointed with the work of the dem
ocratic congress, has ordered the con
vocation in Petrograd of a ' general
council 'of soldiers and workmen's dep
uties of all Russia.
May Split Government.
The situation may resolve itself into
the case of two parliaments sitting at
once, each claiming power. Awake to
the situation r cetaetebdtshy et cmy
the situ it ion created by the soldiers'
and workmen's action, the government
is bending all efforts to hasten the
formation of the cabinet in hope of
clearing up the tangle.
HEAVY ARTILLERY FIRE
(By Review Leased Wire).
LONDON. Oct 6. Field Marshal
Ilaig's report tonight from headquar
ters in France sayi ttat the artillery
nas acti'e a I day along, the whole
battle front, tut no counter-attacks
developed. Additional prisoners to
the number of 3W were taken in the
last tweu'y-t'our hours.
CITY BRIEFS
FOR EL PASO
Miss Anita Lewis of the money or
der department of the local postofSce
is enjoying her annnal vacation and
will spend a part of her time on a
visit to friends in El Paso.
IN FROM RANCH
C. A. Newman was in the city yes
terday from his ranch at the mouth
of Ramsey canyon in the Huachucas.
He brought in a load of peaches, which
found a ready sale in the local mar
ket HAYES PROMOTED
Capt Frank H .Hayes, formerly ad
jutant of the First Arizona infantry at
Naco, has been promoted to brigade
adjutant for General Tuthill's brigade
at Camp Kearney, Linda Vista, Cat
He will have the rank of major.
FOR JURY DUTY
The following citizens of Bisbee will
report for jury duty in Tombstone
In the morning: John Wohlschlegel.
P. W. Freeman, George Schweinlein
and Al Turner. They were summoned
yesterday by Deputy Sheriff Red Gan-
IN FROM MOUNTAINS
R. M. Johnson was in the city yes
terday from his ranch at Garces. He
states that business in that section
of the country is improving. He has
the postofflce at that place and states
that the business has increased con
siderably in the past year.
"LITTLE BIT OF HEAVEN"
There is on exhibit at the Bisbee
drug store in the window a copy ot
the picture, "A Little Bit of Heaven,"
which was painted by Bessie Pease
Cutmann. It is of a sleeping baby,
and the picture has been making a
great hit all over the United States.
JURY DISAGREED
The jury in the case of Mrs. Eva
Patterson, charged with the killing
of Charles Irby on a train near Doug
las several weeks ago, after being out
some thirty-six hours reported that
they could not agree and were dis
charged by Judge Baughn, who tried
the case, as Judge Lockwood was dis
qualified. It is not known at the pres
ent time whether the case will be re
tried or not. ,
ON WAY HOME
Judge Otis J. Baughn of Florence.
Pinal county, was in the city yester
day on his way to Douglas, from
which, place he took the Golden State
Limited to Tucson and then drove
across to his home. The judge has
been at Tombstone for the past few
days actinic for Judge Lockwood. who
has been disqualified in the cases that
were up for trial. Judge Baugn states
that Pinal county is prosperous at the
present time.
There was a falling off in the num
ber of marriage licenses to Bisbee
folks at Tombstone during the last
week, there being only four issued, as
follows: Jed Porter to wed Edith Boy
er. the former of Bisbee and the lat
ter of Lowell; Charles Schornsen of
Bisbee to wed Eliza N. Cavanaugh.
also of Bisbee; John E. Malone of
Lowell to wed Mamie Fetz of Alama
gordo. N. M., and Albert Ober? to
wed Linsey Benson, both of Bisbee.
Alexander Durward, who was con
nected with the Cochise Hardware and
Trading company at Tombstone in its
early days, and who Is well known to
many residents of Bisbee. and who
has been in the lumber business at
Yuma for a number of years, has dis
posed of his Interests there. He also
has extensive interests at Banning.
In California. He was married in
Tombstone a number of years ago to
Mrs. Frank Leslie, after she had se
cured a divorce from Frank Leslie.
NOW FREE
FROM PAIN
Woman Cured by Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Com
pound after Three Yean
Suffering.
Buffalo, N. Y. "I am the mother of
four children, and for nearly three years
I suffered from a
female trouble with
pains in my back
and side ana a gen
eral weakness. I
had professional at
tendance most ef
that time but did
not teem to get
well. As a last re
sort I decided to
try Lydia E. Pink
ham's Vegetable
Compound which I
had seen advertised in the newspapers,
and in two weeks noticed a marked im
provement. I continued its use and am
now free from pain and able to do ail
my housework. M rs. B. B. Zieunska,
234 WoJtt Ave., Buffalo, N. Y.
Women who recover their health, nat
urally teh others what helped them.
Some write and allow their names and
photo rraphs to be published with testi
monisls. Many ir ore tell their friends.
If jou need a ni )di ine for women's
ailme.its, try Lyd.a E. Pinkham's Veg
etable Compound. Write Lydia E. Pink
ham Medicine Co. (eonrktential) for any
thing you need to know about these
troubles.
mm SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 7, 1917.
WAS OPERATED ON
r
Airs. ItpiI Attaway was operated,
on at the Calumet and Arizona hospi
tal yesterday and 1b doing nicely. !
IS-THE-MAN-NEXT-DOOR-A-COWARD-AT-HEART?
IF HE IS YOU (MIGHT LEARN MORE ABOUT HIM BY SEEING WILLIAM CHRISTY CABANNES'
PERHAPS YOU DON'T
GIVE A RIP WHO I AM
HERE ON VISIT
Mrs. J. B. Guffin of Aurora, Mo., is
In the district for an extended visit j
wilh her daughter, Mrs. J. Fred '
Reeves of Warren. ,
: IN FROM VALLEY
i Fred Kenny and wife were in tho j
ri:y yesterday from their ranch in the j
, Sulphur Springs valley. Mr. Kenny ,
j reports that section as being quite j
; prosperous i
u iu jk irk iu h
SURPASSING ALL
EAGLE THEATER giu
ADMISSION 15
Big Double Attraction
TP!
ORPMEUM
MIRIAM
I ne innocent
And Hank Man in HIS FINAL BLOWOUT
A RIP-ROARING FOX COMEDY IN TWO REELS. A DOUBLE ATTRACTION AT POPULAR PRICES.
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
Business Locals
STANDARD LAUNDRY
BAKERVILLE. PHONE 57 1
AGENCY CENTRAL BARBER SHOP
Baseball Sunday, C. & A. Junction
Brings, 2:30. AdmissiVm, 25c Adv 524 i
Complete Change of Pro
gram. Continuous Show
1 to 11.
GREAT MUSICAL
CONCERT BY ENTIRE
ROYAL ORCHESTRA,
COMMENCING AT 6
P.M.
Come early and get a good
seat get going you'll
Kke it! Every program
personally guaranteed.
JOE N0RCR0SS,Mgr.
CENTRAL
TODAY CONTINUOUS 3 TO 11
TRIANGLE PROGRAM WITH
WILFRED LUCAS & LILLIAN GISHin
"Souls Triumphantly Law of
A VIVID 5-ACT DRAMA OF REGENERATION.
How a young wife turns her husband from the lure of sin and seniuil
ty to the higher joy of home. Also Triangle Comedy
"THE CAMERA CURE'
I
ADMISSION 10
WITH WONDERFUL
TRIUMPHS ON SCREEN OR STAGE
lOUOUS
to u p.m.
AND 25 CENTS
Continuous, 1 to 11
WILLIAM FOX PRESENTS
IN
.
"LIBERTY LOAN" BOND WEEK
AT THE ROYAL THEATRE. EN
TIRE GROSS RECEIPTS FOR THE
FIRST WEEK WILL BE USED TO
j BUY LIBERTY BONDS. ATTEND
'THE ROYAL AND HELP YOUR
country. -Advsai
It will pay you to have us check the
pwtrirsl svKtem nn vmir par T.nh.
man Wright, LowelL Adv.-3C0 '
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath, 98 Mason '
' H!1L Mason car stop.
Phone Blue G47.
dv. 231 'back sneattj lace rront, ir urgent can ; ra., i;30 p. m'. Leaves Tombstone Ar-
' ' fill order in 10 days by calling on Mrs. i llngton hotel 10 a. m. 5 p. m. 7 passen-
! Dance by the C. & A. band at War- j Gilinore, 81 School Hill, Miss Moore's . ger cars. Careful drivers. Phones, Bis
iren Park every Wednesday and Sat- apartments. Agent will call a: your bee 5. Tombstone 88.
'urday. Admission fifty cents. Ladies, residence. Adv 533
free.
192
The regular Tuesday and Friday
night dances at Graves' Dancing Acad
emy, Brophy Hall, Lowell, will be dis
continued until Warren Park dances
are closed. Instructions still given
daily. Adv. 604
"LIBERTY LOAN" BOND WEEK
AT THE ROYAL THEATRE. EN
TIRE GROSS RECEIPTS FOR THE
FIRST WEEK WILL BE USED TO
BUY LIBERTY BONDS. ATTEND
THE ROYAL AND HELP YOUR
COUNTRY. Adv, 531
Try one of our $3 hats and be glad
you did. "Tbe Office," next to Bisbee
Review. 479
R. R. WATCH INSPECTORS
Prompt repairing, careful workman
ship, courteous treatment. Lowell
Jewelry Shfep. Adv. 886
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
Stage Line.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
daily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co., Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. Night tele
phone. Green 368. 978
(Advertisement)
Dr. Edward Colman, chiropractor
and osteopath. Rheumatism and ner
vousness a specialty. Office, Cottage
Home. 85 Maine St. 687
AND 15 CENT S
EMILY
STEVENS
THE MIGHTY DRAMA OF THE
Continuous
12 M., ton P.M.
ADMISSION 15
THEATRE
Big Double Attraction
dinner
COOPER
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
Those Sellers Special Kitchen Cabi
net with the automatic lowering flour
bin, advertised bj extensively in the
Saturday Evening Post and Ladies'
Home Journal, are now on display
price $52.50 at the Standard Furniture
Co., Allen Block, Bisbee. Adv 454
Maternity Home, Mason Hill, con-
suit your physician. Call 537. Black'
or terms etc. Adv. 559
Tne LaCorona Corset made to meas
1 ure, non-rusting steels, self adjusting
L. L. Gilman sells the New Edison,
"the phonograph with a soul."
AMERICAN CAFE, LOWELL.
Regular board by the month, $35.
Chicken dinner Sundays, 50c.
Merchants' lunch served from 12 to
1, 40c.
Regular dinner, served all day, 40c
CLEANLINESS OUR MOTTO.
833
Baseball Sunday, C. & A.
Briggs, 2:30. Admission, 25c
Junction
Adv 524
When your tooth aches, see a den
tist. When your battery is ailing, see
battery experts. Willard Service Sta
tion, Lowell. Adv.-360
"LIBERTY LOAN" BOND WEEK
AT THE ROYAL THEATRE. EN
TIRE GROSS RECEIPTS FOR THE
FIRST WEEK WILL BE USED TO
BUY LIBERTY BONDS. ATTEND
THE ROYAL AND HELP YOUR
COUNTRY. Adv. 531
BLUNT & BLUNT
Phone 330, Brewery Gulch.
Ladies' suits cleaned and pressed,
plain, $1.50. Men's suits cleaned and
pressed, $150. Orders called for and
delivered. 419'
!
Phone 414 Y. W. C. A. for help. We ; -register
unemployed women and girls. Football, C. &
Adv 521 p. ui. Admission
THEATRE
TOMORROW
EDISON PRESENTS
Another of those great dramas of the Canadian
Land of Snows
There Is no law runt north of fifty-three. A man's a man, and hit
past is hit own. A teriet of exciting adventures. A dramatic ttory
of the Northwest 'Mounted Police. Also
MUTT AND JEFF CARTOON COMEDY
A DMISSION 10
DAY AND HOUR.
, EAGLE THEATRE
AND 25 CENTS
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, Phone 33.
WENT TO TOMBSTONE
Sheriff Harry Wheeler left yester
day for Tombstone, wjiere he remain
until Monday on a visit to his family.
HAS RETURNED
L. L. Oilman has returned from
Douglas, where he has been for the
past ten days in charge of his branch
there, while his brother took a short
trip to the east.
UP FROM NACO
r x ii .1 . ..... lv xr '1
J. J. .Nrwtrii, uvryuiy nufilll Uii4
constable of Naco, was in the city
yesterday on a short business trip.
He reports the city as being quiet
t'.;ese days, and that business in the
local justice courts there has been
verv poor, and the county had no
' boarders In hia hotel for some time.
Expert paper hanger and painter. C
I J. Brandt. Phone 456. Box 150. 580
i Dr. E. R. Carpenter, Eye, Ear, Nose
and Throat. Douglas every Wednes
day. Office, Room No. 19, Meguire
Budding. 476
Football. C. & A. First Arizona, 1
p. m. Admission. 25c Adv 525
Roekhill's stage Bisbee-Tombstone.
Leaves Bisbee Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a.
NOTICE.
All members of Knights and Ladies
of Security are requested to meet at
I. O. O. F. hall, Sunday morning at ten
o'clock, to attend memorial service-: at
Christian church. By orde1- of presi
dent. Adv 523
"LIBERTY LOAN" BOND WEEK
AT THE ROYAL THEATRE. EN
TIRE GROSS RECEIPTS FOR THE
FIRST WEEK WILL BE USED TO
BUY LIBERTY BONDS. ATTEND
THE ROYAL AND" HELP YOUR
COUNTRY. Adv-531
SELECT DANCE
Every Sunday night. Pythian Castle,
O. K. streeL Invitations obtained from
committee or at door. Adv 461
"LIBERTY LOAN" BOND WEEK
AT THE ROYAL TVlEATRE. EN
TIRE GROSS RECEIPTS FOR THE
FIRST WEEK WILL BE USED TO
BUY LIBERTY BONDS. ATTEND
THE ROYAL AND HELP YOUR
COUNTRY. Adv. 531
"LIBERTY LOAN" BOND WEEK
AT THE ROYAL THEATRE. EN
TIRE GROSS RECEIPTS FOR THE
FIRST WEEK WILL BE USED TO
BUY LIBERTY BONDS. ATTEND
THE ROYAL AND, HELP YOUR
COUNTRY. Adv-531
A. First Arizona, 1
25c. Adv 525
MONDAY
Northwest, The
The Ml"
AND 15 CENTS
WENT TO TUCSON
Miss Esther Cuitimings left yester- 1
dny for Tucson, where she went to
p!ace two small children in the Ail- 1
zona Children's home. She returned '
hist evening.
WAS IN TOMBSTONE
Alexander Murray was in Tomb
stone yesterday on business before the
superior court. He was accompanied
by Mrs. Murray and his daughter.
Miss Margarite.
TO CALIFORNIA
J. R. McAleer, who has been with
H. E. Wootton as a salesman for the
past year, leaves this evening itr
California, where he will become an
officer of artillery.
TO VISIT WIFE
John J. Bowen of the Bisbee Auto
company is in Los Angeles to spend
a few days on a visit to his wife, who
hits been spending the summer there
on a visit to her parents.!
IN FROM MINE
E. D. Davis was in the city yester
day from his mining properties in the
Montezume canyon in the Huachucas.
He reports that section as being quite
lively at the present time.
WON PRIZE WALTZ
Miss Annie Davis of the Western
Union office in this city and her part
ner, Coporal Jones, won the prize
waltz at the dance given at the post
exchange at Naco on Friday night.
OVER FROM TOMBSTONE
Manager Davis of the Huachuca Wa- i
ter company of Tombstone was in the j
city last evening on a short visit. He
has just returned from an extended
trip to various California points for
his health.
IN FROM RANCH
Dan Sheehey was in the city yester
day from his ranch. He reports cat
tle in that section as being in good
condition, and that there are plenty
of fat steers on he local ranges at the
present time.
IN FROM RANCH
G. J. McCabe was in the city yes
terday from his ranch in the Hua:
chucas. He reports that section of
the country as being quite lively and
all sorts of mining going on in that
mountain range.
CULVERT MAN HERE
Ben Welch, the celebrated iron cul
vert man, who has sold more iron
culverts in Arizona than any other
man. was in the city yesterday on a
short business visit. He makes his
headquarters in Phoenix.
PIE SHOP TO OPEN
Bisbee will have a first-class pie shop
open for business on Monday morn
ing. It will be located in the building
opposite the Masonic temple. You will
be able to bet your lunch there or get
home-cooked food to take home.
ON HUNTING TRIP
Biddy Doyle, Sam Inge, A. II. Liv
ingston and J. C. Callaghan left yes
terday morning for the Chiricahuas,
where they expect to have a deer or
two before Monday morning. They
intend going up to the head of Shaw
canyon.
JUSTICE WAS HERE
Horace Magne, the Justice of the
peace at Garces in the Huachuca
mountains, was in the city yesterday
on a short business trip. He and
his brother are engaged in developing
some promising mining property in
that section.
WENT TO RANCH
I. E. Iomis, the Copper Queen shift
boss, left yesterday for his ranch near
Lewis Springs, where he will remain
for a few days on a short vacation
trip. He has not been well for the
past week and thought that the change
might do him good.
ON SHORT VACATION
E. B. Strickland, who enlisted In the
navy from here about six months ago,
is spending a few day's furlough here
on a visit to relatives. He is at
1 present stationed at San Diego and
! likes the navy and will leave for his
post of duty early next week.
ON MINING BUSINESS
Hoval A. Smith, who has extensive
mining Interests in this section, ar
i rived In the district on Friday and
: will remain here for several days on
business connected with these Inter
ests. He has many friends here who
: remember him when he was connected
j with the C. & A. and other Warren
i district companies. He has been liv
I ing in the east for the past few years,
j bun always claimed Bisbee as hia
: home.
v y: - i
i "v "t " 'xc: 4. 2
f W ;
Folks, I Blush!
I want to get acquainted with every person in Bisbee
who appreciates good, clean, wholesome entertainment
and that is the reason for this picture.
My name is Joe Norcross and the Royal Amusement
Company has bestowed upon me the important trust of "
entertaining you with photoplays worth while suppli
mented with appropriate musical accompaniment, and
I give you my word I'll do my best.
The very fact that I have nerve enough to print this
picture of myself should be" proof that I am not trying
to dodge responsibility for anything I may present for
your entertainment and pleasure at the Royal Theatre.
We are all one great family over in this splendid neck -of-the-woods,
so let's get acquainted.
There are many folks I know who used to attend the
Royal consistently, because they liked the shows, and
they will ocme again for the same reason, and many
whom I don't know will do likewise, but yet would make
suggestions regarding their likes and dislikes if they
knew the Manager.
Therefore, I introduce myself with this picture.
Now that you know me, let's have your brick-bats
and your bouquets.
Yours for the World's Best in the way of entertain
ment, ROYAL THEATRE
. JOE NORCROSS, Manager.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE SOCIETY
The Christian Science society of
Bisbee holds services in the Woman's
club at 11:15 a. m.: Wednesday even
ing meetings, 7:45. The public is wel
come and invited to attend. Subject
for Sunday, October 7, ''Unreality."
AUTO TURNS OVER
On account of driving too fast a for -hire
machine driven by Sigh Adams NEW RULINGS :
on the way to the dance at Warren According to the rulings made hr
turned over on the hill just -out of the draft officials, all men who have
Lowell last evening and several peo- failed to register or have failed to re
ple in the car had narrow escapes port for examination are classed slacSv-'
from being seriously Injured. Miss ?TS- and are to be handled by the civil
Mattie Brewer .who was one of the I authorities of the United States gov
passengers in the car, had to be taken j eminent, but all men who were calU'd
out from underneath the back seat, j to report for serv ice are classed as
where all were pinned down. Parties j deserters and are to be handled by
who were following the Adams car j the United States military authorities,
rescued the parries from their acci-;and will be treated as deserters from
dent. The car was badly wrecked, j the regular army in time of war. the
The accident happened about 8 o'clock.
ON SATURDAY NEXT
It is expected that the last contin
gent from Cochise county will be sent
from Tombstone on the 13:h inst.
There will be about 109 men sent to
fill ud the county's ouota of 672. Two
or three who were to have gone with
the last quota have since reported.
not having received their notices In
time. They are being held here to go
with that contingent Enough names
have been certified back from the dis
trict board to fill the quota without !
calling another bunch for examination.
Clerk Krebs of the local draft board.
who went with the last contingent, is j
expected to return to Tombsone on
Monday.
ON SHORT VISIT
J. T. Kingsbury, one of the attor-
. ? l w
neys who nas neen appoimeu uy
Judge Lockwobd to defend E. S. Em
bree on the charge of inciting- a riot
in this city on July 11, was in the
city last evening on a short visit. He
with W. G. Gilmore were appointed
by the court to act for Mr t.mDree.
The case will probably not be tried
until Mr. Gilmore Is able to be about
again. He is at the present time con
fined In the Copper Queen hospital.
It Is understood that a request will
be made for a change of venue from
this county to either Santa Cruz or
Pima county on account of alleged
prejudice.
TO MILITARY AUTHORITIES
A Montenegrian. named Matko. was
yesterday turned over to the United
States military authorities at Doughs
on a charge of being a deserter. He
was called to go In the last contin
gent, but did'nt show, though he was
working at the Junction and his name
was published In the paper as being
called and a card sent hira front
Tombstone, which was placed in tbJ
postoffice box at Lowell. He had made
the statement that he was nut goin
He was arrested and taken to Doug
las by Depuy Sheriff Howe and will
now be tried by military court-martial.
He was arrested at Lowll by Deputy
Sheriff William Urakneid.
penalty of which may be death. Ther
is now a reward of $30 on each an-I
every man that has been called for
service that has failed to report, the
same as is offered for deserters of the
regular army. The latter class if
! found tllis district can be turned
! ovr to Captain Wheeler at the Low-
ell camp, while the others will have
to be turned over to the department
Justice men or the United States mar
shal. TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY.
FOR KENT Nice furnished front
room. Private family. Quiet. $10.
46 Quality Hill, opposite Castle Rock
577
The
LYRIC
Beautiful
Coolest Theatre In the State.
Continuous From 1 To 10 P. M.
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
TlTcTTrtJy
IN
-A SELF-MADE WIDOW
TSIjA7rTiAJ.lILTON
COMING REAL WAR PIC
TURES. OCTOBER 8.
ADMISSION
Reserved Seats 20c
Lower Floor lrtc
Halcony Sc
IN
-FREED BY FIDO" THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 7, 1917.
SEVEN
V
-A
A-
Review Want Ads
Advertisement vnder this head at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
Issue, with a wimum charge of 25 cent. Advertisements must reach Th
Review office aot later than tp.m. for insertion in the next morning paper
Malt Help Wanted
LEARN actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A, Loe Angeles. Cat
alog free.
HELP WANTED Applications for
"Review" rout asked for from
WIDE AWAKE boys between 13 and
IS rears old. 126
THH Government needs Farmers as
well as Fighters. Two million three
hundred thousand acres of Oregon ft
California Railroad Co. Grant Lands.
Title revesting In United States. To
be opened for homesteads and sale.
Containing some of best land left la
United Slates. Large Copyrighted
May, showing land by sections and
description of soil, climate, rainfall,
elevations, temperature, etc post
paid One Dollar. Grant Lands Lo
cating Co, Portland, Oregon. 507
WANTED Bellboy. Copper- Queen
Hotel. 0
SIDE LINE MEN Do you want a real
one that one Order a day will pay
you $9. No samples to carry. Some
thing new. Write today. Canfleld
Mfg. Co. 208 Sigel St, Chicago, ill.
539
Wanted
WANTED First class waitress. Cop
per Queen Hotel. 323
WANTED Four or five room furnish
ed house on October 24. or will ex
change California property for here.
Address "H" Review. 515
WANTED Roomers and boarders. 58
Castle Hill. 429
WANTED Telegraphers, stenograph
era, bookkeepers; students earn
board, room tuition. Mackay Busi
ness College, Los Angeles. 789
WANTED Girls and women in need
of any kind of employment to regis
ter at the Y. W. C. A. 552
WANTED To borrow three to five
thousand dollars. Good real estate
securty. Address L. C. V. Review.
536
WANTED At once, 4 roOm furnished
house with bath and garage or place
to stand car. 2 adults, no children.
Near car line. Rent must be reason
able. Address S. H. C. Review. 532
WANTED To buy trunk, 120 Tomb
stone Canyon. 571
BOY 18 wants work till 3 p. m. K Re
view. 534
40 Acre Farms "Free, 231 good Minne
- sota farms will be given in exchange
for a little work. Men or women.
Address Box 27 YF Girard, Kansas.
538
WANTED Five bright, capable ladies
to travel, demonstrate and sell deal
ers. $25 to $50 per week. Railroad
fare paid. Goodrich Drug Co., Dept.
131, Omaha, Nebr. 548
For Sale
FOR SALE 1 Fairbanks-Morse, one
drill. Distllate air compresser, 1 4 cyl
gasoline hoist, 30 H-P, 1 air receiver,
1 Jack Hammer, 20 pieces steel
buckets, car, cable, etc., for particu
lars, address Box 305, Bisbee, Arizo
na. 574
A four roomed house with or without
the furniture at a bargain if taken
at once Sims Add. 540
FOR SALE Letson hotel, seventeen
rooms nicely furnished. Tel. 559.
569
r
Me C. HIGH
ALLEN BLOCK
Real Estate and Insurance
Now is the time to buy
Sec me for Bargains.
Agent for reliable Insur
ance Companies.
List your property with me.
PETEY DINK And We'l Bet
I . tl
. cam i ?u 'M: .
I DO FOB. I ' P nMMHTIKi I
Voo! A coot- d& V
i v J x. u i rr -- i ! x.
Mi-
For Sale
FOR SALE Small rooming house,
good location. H Reviw. 415
FOR SALE Old papers at Review
office. 25c bundle 100 papers.
WE HAVE a big stock of new and
second hand household goods, stoves,
beds, springs, etc. Selling out at
cost entire stock. Sale will open
the 20th of Sept. 1917. Call and
see us. Chris Heikkinen Furniture
Store, JohnsOn Add. 323
FOR SALE 160 acres patented land
at McNeal, fenced, 35 acres under ,'
cultivation, will trade for Bisbee
property. For information address
Box 2450, Bisbee. 505
FRESH, RIPE TOMATOES, for can
ning, 5c per pound, at my ranch near
Naco. Will deliver if quantity is
ordered. Chase L Purdy. 300
FOR SALE! 6 room house, large lot.
close to convent. Call Sunday, 123
Quarry Canyon. 528
FOR SALE! Big snap for cash Stude
baker Six chassis 17 series. Phone
74, True house, Bakerville. 502
FOR SALE Furniture for 23 roomed
house. House for rent, good locality.
K. D. Review. 507
FOR SALE Group of seven mining
claims, about 2 miles from Bisbee
P. O. Has copper with gold and sil
ver values developed in several
places on and near the surface. Ad
dress, P. O. Box 403, Bisbee, Ari
zona. No agents. 366
FOR SALE Few more desirable lots
easy payments; also houses to rent
Mrs. Winwood, Winwood Addition
5!
FOR SALE 160 acres, stock, farming
tools, good crop. Everything cneap.
Going east. Inquire of P. M., Stark.
Ariz. 297
FOR SALE Cole 50 H P touring car
in first class condition. At less than
half value for immediate sale. Mrs.
John Twomey, YoungbPood Hill. 486
FOR SALE Good paying restaurant
also large cash register. Address C.
Reiffel, city. 492
FOR SALE Prosperous business in
the heart of Bisbee. A good oppor
tunity to buy a good business at a
bargain. One of the busiest places
in town. Write M. B. care Review
Office. 500
FOR SALE Cole 50 H P touring car.
make splendid truck. John Two
mey, Youngblood Hill. 55t
FOR SALE Four room house with oi
without Furniture. A bargain 11
taken at Once. In Sims add. W. E.
Heath. Box 492. 535
Furnished Room
FOR RENT 3 furnished rooms for
housekeeping, 26 Johnson avenue,
' JohnsOn addition. ' 460
FOR RENT Furnished rooms with
board if preferred, Balgay house, 15;
Tembe avenue. 465
FOR RENT 2 furnished roOms . In
Warren, for single men also garage.
Mrs. E. B. Moore. Phone 437. 283
FOR RENT Furnistied room, $6 pei
month. Doyle House. 60S
GOLDEN HOTEL Outside windowt
and running water in all rooms
Rates reasonable, by the day, week
Or month. 585-
MOOSZ HOTEL Furnished rooms
$2.00 per week and up. 40f
FOR RENT Light housekeeping
rooms, 71 Upper Lowell. 488
FOR RENT 4 rooms furnished for
housekeeping with screened in porch
' can be used lOr sleeping, convenient
to mines and C. & Q. shops, wish
permanent tenants, 51 Jiggersville.
' No children. 487
! FOR RENT House keeping rooms, 98
CO.K street. Phone Red 530. 483
; FOR RENT 2 housekeeping rooms,
1 49 O. K. street 526
They Didn't Find It Easy.
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT 2 rooms furnished for
light housekeeping. No children, 28
Montana street, Johnson AddUlon.
490
FOR RENT Furnished lOom for one
or two gentlemen, close in. C. B.
Cain, Fair Store. 491
FOR RENT House keeping rooms
furnished, 14 Tate Hill, Johnson Ad
dition. 493
FOR RENT 3 furnished housekeep
ing rooms. No hills, 142 Dubacher
Canyon or phone Doyle 823. 388
FOR RENT 3 furnished rooms for
housekeeping. Bakerville. No child
ren. A. D. Fair. 506
FOR RENT Furnished lOom for
batching or single, 42 California st.,
Johnson addition. ' 504
FOR RENT 3 room furnished apart
ments, 17 Montana street, Johnson
addition. Inquire 23 Montana. 503
FOR RENT Nice furnished rooms
with Or without board, private fam
ily. 59 O. K. street. 527
FOR RENT Furnished rooms for
housekeeping, modern, close in. One
block north of high school, 189 Tem
by avenue. 529
FOR RENT Front room, bath, 930
Tombstone Canyon, Moou avenue
car EtOp. 576
FOR RENT 3 furnished rooms, 103
Higgins Hill. Mrs. H. Jennings.
570
FOR RENT Batching or housekeep
ing rooms just around Castle Rock,
Mrs. Lewis. 561
FOR RENT ROoms furnished or un
furnished housekeeping or batching.
176 Naco road, Holbrook stop. 560
FOR RENT Front room for young
lady, Clauson street. Warren, phone
Red 665, address Miss Bess Holman,
Postoffice department 557
FOR RENT Furnished roOm, $10 per
month, 12 Quality Hill. 537
FOR RENT 3 room furnished apart
ment No small children. Cement
block house. Brewery Ave., behind
Lumber yard. 572
For Rent
FOR RENT Ten room furnished
house, or will divide to suit tenants.
Call at Victor Rooms, Brewery Gulch
522
FOR RENT House and furniture for
sale. Snap for the right man, across
street from Quill Coal yard, Tomb-
stone Canyon. 485
FOR RENT 3 room house large pan
try and chicken yard $7 a month or
for sale, on Miller Hill, back of wa
ter tank, $300 cash. Mrs. Edward
Lupe, 1008 4th St., Douglas, Arizona
Rental of this property can be made
by calling at Review office. 709
FOR RENT Garage. Inquire Mrs.
Gaffney, near graveyard, Lowell.
' . 538
FOR RENT Small furnished house in
Warren, apply 120 Upper Lowell.
568
FOR RENT 3 room house party furn
ished. Phone Black 728. 567
FOR RENT Two garages, light and
water, $5 per month. Apply Dr.
Playfair, 98 Mason Hill, phone Red
647. 386
FOR RENT Unfurnished
house on Bauer Hill.
room
573
Miscellaneout
Bahai Movement. The coming uni
versal religion. Fridays and Sundays
at 7:30, South Bisbee. Mrs. Viola
bucket t Adv 311
FIRST CLASS paper and paper hang
ing done by Sandvick and Anderson,
Box 1652. Phone Black 685. 496
LADIES Bring material, learn to cut
and make your own fail suits and
gowns. Thorough instructions giv
en by Miss Grant, room 4 Maze
Building.
EXPERT paper hanger and painter. C.
J. Brandt Phone .456, Box 150. 579
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING QUICK RESULTS
Mv Vwipe
VfltL Not) Tet
ME VwhaTVWASES
Evpect ?
SLENDER AND TALL,
WOMAN THIS FALL
2s
Street dress of blue serge trimmed
with broad black silk braid girdles
and silk bands; hieh collar faced
with white satin. For fall wear.
'Slim, waistless, straight and tall,
she must be thus this fall," is the
(."sent day song of the woman's
t- iior. The girl in the picture is
("-essed in the height of fall fashion.
Tfrk colors prevail for street and
sflv.-noon wear.
The war department bas placed or
ders for ordnance requiring an agert
gate of nearly 50,000 tons of siecl
and the navy has awarded contracts
requiring about 30,000 tons. The war
department also has distributed or
ders for 13.000 tons of fabricated
shapes for thirty-two ordnance stores
in France, divided airon? ten -!cps.
Wanted
TO THE UNEMPLOYED MEN AND
WOMEN OF THE UNITED
STATES:
Why not try canvassing for a
change? A pleasant and profitable
money-making pastime, either perma
nent or temporary. Unna's Mending
Tissue is the best and easiest selling
agents' article on The market today;
an articlo of merit; everyone buys
and buys again after once using:
mends all fabrics vitJioul the nse of
needle or threat; saves time, labor
and sewing materials; ridiculously
easy to use; samples and full par
ticulars and instructions by mail post
paid for only 10c, silver or stamps.
Millions now sold throughout the
United States, Canada and Mexico.
Won't you join and start making
money now? Address today. New
York Specialties Co., 467 Broadway,
New York City. Adv.
Money To Loan.
$50,000 to loan on improved city prop
erty or for building, on easy terms
of payment T. A. Hughes, over
bank or tsisneo.
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Room !
2, Lyric Theatre building.
166!
LOST
LOST One only, ladies high cloth top
lace shoe, field mouse gray color.
Reward. Return to Oilman's Jew
elry Store. 541 ,
,-- I
LOST A boy's blue sweater between j
Bakerville and Bisbee. Return to;
Review. 530
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
PAT CLEARY, painter. Member
Builders' Exchange. Box 1495. 347
out
-
'YOU
Mil "H
, , i' gilt '4
i Him
ft : . r 5 y
NX; it A
r j
BASEBALL RESULTS
St. Louis Series.
First Game: R H Ei
Nationals 4 8 3
Americans 5 9 2
Horstman, Ames, Goodwin, Pack-:
ard and Snyder, Gonzales; Grocni,'
Loudennilk and Severeid, Hartley.
Second Game: R H E
Nationals 6 7 0
Americans 1 3 2
Meadows and Gonzales; SothOron
and Hartley.
Game called end of fifth, darkness.
Reds Win Second.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 6. Cincinnati
took the second game of the Ohio ser
ies from Cleveland in a hard fought
pitchers' battle, which went 13 innings.
Score: R H E
Cleveland 1 10 2
Cincinnati 2 7 0
Coveleskie and O'Neill; Schneider
and Wingo.
Coast Result
At Los Angeles. R H E
Oakland 9 3
Lbs Angeles 2 6 0
r . : w .. .. ,1 t;,4n. c-AnfrAn '
iU&rilU, .nuiiaj unit Jinw, uza lvjii
Standidge and Boles.
At Portland: R H El
Salt Lake 7 14 4
Potralnd 5 8 3
First game, (11 innings.)
Leverenz, Hughes and Byler; Pen
ner and Baldwin.
Second game: R H E
Salt Lake 4 4 0
Potrland 4 9 0
Called end seventh by agreement.
Hughes and Hannah; Dailey, Gard
ner and Fisher.
At San Francisco: R H E
Vernon 0 S 1
San Francisco 2 6 I
Quinn and Moore; Baum and Stev
ens. Remove the?
-e and habiti
lines. Learn v. hat 5
MARINELLO
FACIAL. MASSAGE
Is accomplishing daily in 3.HC0 Shops.
Csll for sjrrDle of our Tissue Cream
and Booklet "care of the Skin." or send
two cents to cover con ot mailing.
bv.!H!iH;;:m;:Mi::u)n
McDonalds Marirtello Shop
Phone 305
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. S. PATENT
MINERAL SURVEY NO. 3354
August 9, 1917
Mineral Application 035913
Receipt No. 2076931
NOTICE 13 HEREBY GIVEN that
W. A. Dell, whose postoffice address if
Bisbee, Aiizona, on behalf tf himself
and co-owners, W. A. ScbwarU ana
Charles W. Rambo, whose postofSce
addresses is the same place, has madt
application for a patent for the follow
ing lode mining claim, situated in the
Warren Mining District Cochise Coun
ty, State of Arizona, in Section 18, un
app'd. T. 23 S., R. 24 E ..G. & S. R. B.
& M., which claim is described as fol
lows:
POINT LOOKOUT: Beginning at
Cor. No. 1, the S. W. Cor., whence the
N. E. Cor. Sec. 30, T. 23 S., R. 24
G. & S. R. B. & M., brs. S. 13 23' E.
7545.40 ft; thence N. 12 07' W. 680.20
ft. to Cor. No. 2. identical with N. E.
Cor. and S. E. Cor. of Los Angelus atiJ
Look Out lodes, unsurveyed, respect
ively; thence N. 1 05' E. 600.00 ft to
Cor. No. 3, the N. W. Cor.; thence N.
59" 36' E. 556.20 ft. to Cor. No. 4, the
N. E. Cor.; thence S. 5 48 E. 1273.10
What Nia?--
XCU LEAVE Ncnjt,
Last pic&
' f
fcr
Lod&e Notices
RISScE LODGE, NO. 713.
leets every Friday night Moose Hall,
lsiting brothers cordially invited.
V. R. TONKIN, Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets tn Medlgovict
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month
Visiting brothers wei
come.
F. D. LANE, Councillor.
f. L. BENTON. Recording Secretary
-OYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES UR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 210.
Meets In L O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY
at 7:30 p. m
Visiting broth
ers cordially
Invited to at
tend. 1EO. SLEEMAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Box 42S, Bisbee.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E meetf
irsc and third MONDAYS, 8. p. m.
Cagles Hall. Visitors cordially wel
ome.
UCHARD DAVIS, President
C. L. EDMONSON, Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 10.
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
RANK BRUNING. C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM. K. of R. S.
t to Cor. No. 5, the S. E. Cor.; thence
59 36' W. 553.00 ft to Cor. No. 1,
he place of beginning, containing a
tet area of 15.009 acres.
The location notice of said POINT
LOOKOUT claim is recorded in the
Jounty Recorder's office. Cochise
Jountj. Arizona, in. Bool; 23, Records
Mines, at page 443.
Adjoining claims: North: New York
ode, unsurveyed, owned by Fred Sut
er and W. A: Deli ; Montreal R)de, un
urveyed, owned by W. A. Dell and
;bas. Rambo. East: Mount Shasta
ade, unsurveyed, owned by Cbas. Ram
o; Bonita lode, Sur. No. 3162. South:
onita lode, Sur. No. 3162; Punta lode,
.nsurveyed, owned by Em 11 Marks and
V. A. Schwartz. West: Funta lode,
.nsurveyed, owned by Emil Marks
.ai V. A. Schwartz; Los Angelus
'Mi, unsurveyed, owned by W. A. Dell
nd Cha3. Rambo; Look Out lode, un
urveyed, owted by Chas. Rambo.
I. L. IRWIN,
Registrar,
'irst publication August 11th, 1917.
.ast puolication October 18th, 1917.
472
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
.Department of the Interior, U. S. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, Sept 1.
1917.
Notice is hereby given that Caleb
A. Newman of Hereford, Arizona, who
n February 11, 1911, made Homestead
.intry No. 013306 for SE ; and on
Sept 2, 1915, made additional entry
No. 028208 for SE SW. Sec. 35,
Township 22S. Range 20 E, G. & S. R.
3. & Meridian, has 'filed notice of in
'ention to make Five Year Proof to
stablish claim to the land above de
.cribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Jftmmissioner, Bisbee, Arizona, on the
12th day of October, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Roy A. Newman. James W. Haverty,
foel P. Steele, John F. Ashworth, all
t Garces, Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First Pub., Sept 5, 1917.
Last Pub.. Oct. 12, 1917.
Ponce
mm
131
v- Ji . - . .- .. .
WEEK ENDING OCTOBER, 16, 1917
Monday
Tuesday Wednesday
Thurhday
N. a BLEDSOE, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. ft A. K.
A. M. COLWELL, E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. L If.
. E. FRY. E C.
F S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chatter
and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medigo
vlch HalL Visit
ing members cordially Invited.
PHIL. DAVIS, President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722, Tel. 238, Red.
KATHERINE SALHOLM. Secretary.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brother
cordially invited to attend.
R E WARNER, Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY, Secretary.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple, No. 3jneeta every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows' HalL Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
ANNA HART, M. E. a
JEANET 8WEENEY, M. of R. G
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets In Medigovich Hall 2nd and
Ith Fridays of each month.
1ATTIE A. LUKE. Guardian.
PAULINE F. BROWN. Clerk.
P. O. Box 62L
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECUR
ITY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115
Meets every Second and Fourth Sat
urdays in the m'onth at I. O. O. F.
hall, 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially Invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID, President P. O.
Box 3483. Lowell. Ariz.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY,
Secretary, LbwelL
E. L1NDQUIST,
Financial Secretary. & 0. Box 3246.
LowfU.
BISBEE LODGE, No. 10, I. O. a F.
Meets every
WEDNESDAY
6. " eTtruuig at uca
r9 Fellows HalL
Main street at 7:00 p. m Visiting
brothers cordially Invited to a'tena.
Hall phone Us.
GEO. MUNSEY. N. G.
C. D. K1RBY. Secretary.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first and tnlrd
Thursdays at 7: JO p. m.
in Medigovich Haft. All
visiting Red Men Invited
to attend.
Wo. DELB RIDGE, Sachem.
W. D. COHEN, Medicine Man.
F. C FENDERSON, C. of R.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbe Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows HalL
R. L. MOTZ, ConenL
H. F- MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Ha?
Pearl Chapter. No. 6. meet
In Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS ANNA C. RICHARDS. W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box 841. Bisbee.
MRS JESSE BEVAN, Sec'y. P. O. Box
2299, Chairman Relief Com. Phone 16L
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
9f Lowell Camp No. 46 will
at 7:30, Brophy BAIL
P R. WINSTEAD, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
iVoodmen Invited.
BtCA.VOIGHT
P?; r..vrs
mm
1 i
AlH
J
y .
. 4 ZVSSS.iC. --.- -J-i---
EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1917.
More. New Arrivals in Women's and Misses'
New Fall Suits, Coats Dresses and Skirts
mm
U -i
SWT
have them in sizes
! The Favorites of the New Season's
1 Street Dresses
These beautiful dresses portray the styles that have been attract
ing so much attention in fashion centers everyhere. Numbers of
them display the slim, straight line silhouette; beautiful drape ef
fects introduced at the sides; quite a few of the Empire and low
waisted modes which, though recently presented, have been receiv
ed with great favor. Materials are of panne velvet, satins, crepe
meteors, crepe de chine combinations with georgettes with fancy
collars and embroideried sashes, some are in plain tailored satin
' with white Tuxedo roll. All are of the best fall shades and combina
tions are introduced Mole, Navy, Military Color and Black. We
and models to fit each individual figure. Price range from $25.00 to $98.50.
Women's Fall Suit Special at
$25.00 and $27.50
We feel that $25 and $27.50 is a good price to pay for a suit, and
to justify our belief, we have centered our efforts upon this special
selection of a line of sutis at these prices which will be of much in
terest to every economical woman.
The line includes the newest and smartest fall fashions. Flawless
tailoring assures perfect fit and artistrocratic appearance; quality
fabrics assure service and satisfaction. Buerilla, Wool Poplin,
French Serge and Gaberdine are the materials used. Fur Bands of
Mole Kirami and wide Military Braids constitute the trimmings;
the colors are Pekin Blue, Taupe, Leather, Brown Seal Brown, Dark
Brown, Navy and Black, in plaited, flare and straight line models.
fit
An Interesting Lot
of Women's New
Street Dresses
It is interesting to note the develop
ment of these dresses. They are in a
special groupe we've just purchased.
They are wonderfully good for this
price. Satins, Crepe de Chine, Taffe
tas, Fancy Silks in stripes and plaids
and combinations with Georgette
sleeves, white satin roll and tunic
models beautifully trimmed with gold
and silver embroideries.
PRICED AT $18.75
I Women's Smart New
Fall Coats
We haven't any hesitation in saying
that you will take one of them home
with you after you see yourself before
the mirror in a model which will exact
ly meet your particular taste. In length,
some are just long enough to fully cover
the dress, while others reach to the skirt
hem. High colars that can be worn up
or down, pockets which stand away
at the sides, and wide sleeves and novel
ty cuffs finish them off very smartly.
All exhibit the straight line silhouette,
which is now so much in demand. All
the most wanted fall shades and mater
ials are represented.
Introducing New Fall Dress Goods
We take great pleasure in introducing to you the new dress goods for fall and
winter. They are in the weaves and colors which will be extensively and popu
larly used in the making of the new garments.
&&mmi Y
siif i ILL.
ft :
;W$&
Wh&t&L LJ i
Look at Yourself Before
the Mirror in One of These
NewFallSkirts
We haven't any hesitation in saying
that if you do you will then and there
realize that you have found a valuable
addition to your Fall wardrobe. We
have them in your favorite materials in
the shades you like best and in the styles
you .know are most becoming to your
type of figure at the price you are will
ing to spend.
Numbers of beauties which have just
arrived from the fashion centers, in
models for street, sport and dressy wear
made of Wool Poplin, Serges, Novelty
Stripes and Plaids, Satin and Taffeta.
In all the best fall colors including Navy
and Black.
Latest Arrivals in
New Fall Suits
There are many little things in style
about them different from those which
we have heretofore received this season,
so if you have not yet found any to sat
isfy you elsewhere we strongly urge
you to come in, look among these last
arrivals and see if you can't find one
or more to measure up to the standard
of your expectations. The coats are
mostly in styles which outline the fig
ure, and vary greatly in length: some
coming to juat above and some below
the knees. The skirts are made to har
monize with them, being very simple
in every detail. Novelty and copies of
imported models; materials are Broad- j
cloth, Velvets, Silvertone, Fancy Mix
tures, Wool Velour, Satin, Oxford
Cloth, etc. Fur Embroidery, Braids,
Tassels, Buckles and Buttons constitute
the main trimmings $30.00 to $85.00
A Good Value in
Crepe de Chine
Just arrived, a full line of
street and evening shades. A
silk that i3 worth considerable
more than we are offering this.
For frocks, for blouses, for night
gowns, for camisoles, for negli
gees. Here is a good, durable
quality full 40 inches wide.
Colors are Taupe, Marine Blue,
Wild Rose, Prune, Burgundy,
Mid-night, Wisteria, Reseda,
Deft Sky, Flesh, Nite, Tan, Lilac
and Black; the yard
At $1.75
Ail Wool New
Serges
All wool French land storm
serge; 36-inch width in all the
best shades.
89c the
Showing the New
Plaid Suiting
These are especially adapted
for childrens school wear; plain
effects; a wonder value at the
price.
35c the Yard
New Chiffon
Broadcloth
Broadcloth is easily the fav
orite material fo autumn wear,
used by itself or in combination
with velvet to add its proverbial
richness to the dress, shown in
all wanted colors, as navy, tan
wild rose; burgundy, smoke
grey, m a d u r o brown, deft,
Myrtle, royal, purple, black and
Mary; 54 inches wide.
$3.00 the Yard
The New Wool
Coalings
New showing in Zibiline
Cloakings; a heavy rich nap very
suitable for long coats which do
not require lining. Plain and
fancy plaid effects and rich dia
gonal weaves. We would sug
gest an early inspection while
our stocks are complete; 58
inch width; price range from
$3 to $3.50 Yard
New Costume
Corduroy
Corduroy needs no introduc
tion for everyone knows the
practicual wear as well as smart
ness of dress. A good heavy
weight, regular $2.50 values, 54
inches wide.
Special $1.95 Yard
Distinctive Models in New Millinery
h k it
All women are preparing and choosing new
things for their season's wardrobe and no one
article receives as much thought and care in its
choice as THE HAT, for none are quite so
style-important.
It is with studier adherence to the Fall Fash
ions that we choose our new models.
This season's showing is larger and more im
pressive than ever. The hats are designed in a
host of distinctive and becoming creations, each
one smartly trimmed in an individualsticly strik
ing manner that at once wins the approval of all
correctly attired women.
Come see our present displays of new hats.
We Can Fit You in the
Style of Shoes You Like
Somewhere in our Stocks
we have it in a size that has
been literally bult for your
foot; in a model that spells
the last word in foot com
fost. Let us show you how
easily we can find this style
for you. Let us show it to
you in a number of differ
ent lasts and leathers.
Our new Fall lines button
and lace in plain and novel
ty styles have arrived and
we cordially invite you to
come in and look them over.
Father Brother
Mother Sister
The New Bedroom Suites
l-rV.3 IT -r.
- Just received a car of new Fall Furniture,
early inspection cordially invited.
'our
IMOKt DCrLtCTO
INCBCASII HEATINC
CAPACITY"
fvnrsmu lf COUA
WITH CMCCK MATT
,MCXU KrntcicHt
swiaewooonn
imwsrmioar
i1
1ACJ ut - J r t T- "vj 'ilj , lMVOt
rutL JtV''.)tJ.?y, HOT
..VI ..
The Heating
Stove You
Want
Every stove that this
store sells will give com-
'Nkl '" --i-w, ;," Si. """IF hot n Af cntiofta'fiM-i Kiivinn
KISSS;herc is mpV a matter of
that Yipr.t
o -
t't. .i.-Vvfi
man ;(- -" 7 c. -VVW
I 9-rr X
KM SMUK '
tivtr NOT ,
IKKtl AtH SJAAO
scrw
0AMH1
meets your requirements.
"Duofold'' Davenports at Prices That
Appeal to the Thrifty Home Lover
Special for this week only we offer you your choit.e of two beautiful "Duo
folds" at wonderfully reduced prices.
Regular $52.00 Duofold for this j Regular $45.00 Duofold for this
week only SPECIAL AT $41.00 week only SPECIAL AT $3850
A Splendid Showing of New Fall Rugs
In refurnishing your complete home, or possibly just a room or two,
don't fail to see thi3 choice collection of Rugs that we are now display
ing. As new weaves of the choicest patters, they are truly wonderful
products of the most renowned American manufacturers. We pur
chased this lot below present market prices and are marking them ac
cordingly. SPECIAL 9x12 FOOT RUG PRICED AT $10.00
7-6x9 Foot
RUG
Special at
$8.00
I I ii C ' '' : ii. .. ,, uii,r.i.,,.liM iiiwmiiWIII II I i jj
lilt' ' ' ij I ' ' i w tofTT'. J
8x10 Foot
RUG
Special at
$9.00
1
Arrivals in Home Comforts
I z rnn nrr;
I. JJ m i
I
Many especially pleasing designs to select from. We
would suggest an early r-
election. K 'yt-.'X i.V F .' i
New Showing!
Tof Ranges u
A complete new line
of cook stoves and
ranges for use with
both coal or wood for
those who are looking
for the greatest valua
at the least cost.
LI
1 ?t?..-jr?r 'TJry
ry i -v -7-- til r i.'tm j
i
. ' . i i
mht Si
tee
MINING
SECTION
SOCIETY
SECTION I
r
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRE88
VOL. 20. No. 14.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 7, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
V
1
"5
i
A
'v.
Arizona Output Is
Gaining Ground In
Every Mine Region
Bisbee, Globe and Miami Are Adding Steadily to Their Work
inz Forces. Every Other Part of the State, Except Clifton,
Reports Better Conditions.
for the Coming Year.
The determined effort of operator and operative In Arizona to restore
the output of copper to normal for the munition division of the country 1
gaining ground day by day.. Asitance i even being extended by force
wWch were aligned, in effect if not by purpose, with the I. W. W. interfer
ence which brought on the industrial demoralization In June, the anomaly
being presented at the present time of the State Federation urging the op
eratives of the Jerome district to refuse to listen to strike talk.. Although
the Federation base its attitude upon the plain announcement that a strike
at this time would result only in helping the mines of Bisbee, Globe and
Miami to get more men at work from the ranks of those who would be out
of employment at Jerome, the situation I nevertheless being helped by the
non-strike attitude.
Bisbee, Globe and Miami have added steadily to their forces since re
sumption ot operations and during the present month will all make material
gains in output. The men at work are Imbued with the spirit of something
bigger than mere employment, and each man drawn from their ranks under
the Federal draft has increased this feeling. It has been accelerated, too.
by the vigor with which company managements have gone about betterments
and new development and construction to the end of larger production at
the earliest possible time, notwithstanding the crippled forces they have
admittedly had to operate with, in the conduct of resumption of mining and
smelting on any scale. '
Notable among recently announced steps taken toward Increased output
is work begun by United Verde at its Clarkdale smelter which will increase
its capacity from 6,000,000 pounds of copper the month to 12,000,000. No
sucJi long step toward increase in output has been taken by a mining com
pany in the state since the Copper Queen built Us new smelterat Douglas
morethan a dozen years ago. At the same time United Verde is pushing
forward its plans for steam shoveling a big body of ore and making headway
with new underground mining plans which will provide the ore for the in
creased smelter capacity. With such speed is the work now being carried
along at the smelting plant that by the end of the year United Verde will
likely have raised its monthly output to 8,000,000 pounds. Four new roasters
have just been completed at the plant and are at once to relieve the four
which have been in operation since blowing in of the new plant and are in
need of overhauling. A new reverberatory la in course of construction, which
will provide a battery of four. The new roasters raise this division to twelve.
At the mine the crusher capacity Is being increased to meet the larger smelter
capacity, of the plant at the mouth ot Hopewell tunnel Is being Increased
50 per cent. This plant now handles 300 tons of ore is each 8-hour shift.
Crowding New Smelter.
At the smelter site of the United Cerde Extension rapid headway is be
ing made with erection work of all classes. No energy is being spared to
crowd the work along. In the mine like effort is being bent successfully
to putting it in shape to readily meet the smelter requirements for the sev
eral characters of oreB which will be produced to make the desirable fur
nace mixture which will be used In operating the plant.
Custom Plants Ahead.
In the meantime there are other mines fast making their way toward
the goal of proven properties in the Verde district and the question is arising
as to where their ores will be treated. A custom mill and smelter for these
properties seems to be one of the sure things looming ahead for the district
Whether it will be supplied by Calumet and Arizona, which is indicated by
recent development In Calumet & Jerome to be more than ever sure of mak
ing a mine of its Gadsden property, or whether it will come up as ah en
tirely outside enterprise, remains to be seen. A present there are conceded
to be five properties in the district which are certain of making new pro
ducers. No much question exists in current opinion in this relation except
as to whom they may be rounded out as producers.
These are Calumet & Jerome, Combination, Gadsden, Jerome Uortland
and Jerome Verde. Reports from the latter in the last week have been of
a large ore body opened, but Superintendent Harper declines to confirm this
in any stronger measure than he did two months ago, when he said that
they were in the ore that is now being talked about, but that it did not
measure up in its characteristics in any manner that warranted confidence
that it would make a mine. Much yet remains to do In relation with this
ore to determine its extent and value. The same applies to the favorable
showings which have been secured in Calumet & Jerome and Jerome Portland.
In Other District.
In other operating districts of the state there is no less energy being
put forward in new construction and development to assist with the spirit
of efficiency attainment in time of war which operatives in the main have
come to participate in with the operators. In the AJo district the efforts
of the New Cornelia staff have brought the plants to working order which
it is believed will assure a four million pound the month output, as com
pared with the three million pounds estimated when the plant was set In
motion. Plans for the development of AJo Consolidated, recently acquired
by New Cornelia, are also going ahead and as worked out will probabl y
double the employment of the district. The Hayden smelter of the Ameri
can Smelting & Refining company is making a fine record and the miner
of Ray Consolidated are keeping pare. The Sasco plant of the A. 8. & R. in
also doing splendid work end contributing much to the general welfare of
mining through its seeking and handling of custom ores advantageously in
the southern territory, as Humboldt smelter of the Consolidated Arizona
smelter is doing in the north. At Miami the Improvement of plants to the
Much Improvement Scheduled J
GERMAN CAPTIVES
Building their winter quarters.
German prisoners in Englana, who have been living- under eanvos all summer, have been set t work on
tructing wood huts, in which they will be boused for the winter. A brit.t loe by ene great wunii f tj-ui
stripped to make .umber for the prisoners' quarters. The photo shows some of tie ap.ive iu ttus uus uu
ting up the framework of a hut ' "
end of increased output by both Mi
ami and Inspiration goes ahead un
ceasingly despite the admitted short
age of labor. The sane conditions
apply with Old Dominion, Commercial,
Iron Cap and ethers at Globe. In
these districts, as in Bisbee mining.
development and construction forces
are all being increased steadily by the
coming of more workers.
Influx Season at Hand.
' Encouragement in the latter re
spect is increased by reason ot the
fact that the latter part. of October
and the months of November and De
cember are the periods of each year
in which influx of labor of all kinds
to Arizona reaches its maximum.
Thousands of miners and mill and
smelter workers leave the colder
countries annually during the late fall
and winter months to find employ
ment under the attractive winter
weather conditions of Arizona. This
has even now set in and before
tide
long will be giving much help to the
situation. The inroali made upon
labor by the draft will, of course,
have its effect upon this labor mi
gration in point of volume as com
pared with' previous years, but annu
ally during the last several years, as
Arizona living conditions and conven
iences and attractions have increased
and become better known the per
centage of married men has been lar
ger in the fall and winter column of
new arrivals. The most of these be
come permanent residents and the
percentage will probably be larger
the present fall and winter, in part erase or only about 41 per cent,
due to high wages, than in previous) "In the case of lead, which aver
years. ! aged something over 4 cents per
Satisfaction Over Wages. ' pound, a price of 8 cents was fixed
The outstanding reature of com-lr nearly a 100 per cent increase,
ment of the Arizona producers of ! Iron and steel products and coke have
copper since federal fixing of the
metal price has been the satisfaction
expressed that the price is one per
mitting the continuance of high wages.
The wage being paid is that which
would have been called for under the
profit-sharing, metal price sale of
wages with copper selling at 26 cent.,
whereas the producers are receiving
23 cents. While shareholders in the
companies will receive less returns,
the employees get more than before
the price fixing, for they were (Tien
receiving pay on the market average
of 25 cents. In this connection it is
only fair to say that although metal
Quotations scored as high as a 30
cent average in some months, the
large producers had practically no
benefit from the top prices, although
they paid wages based on the latter. : Per has enormously increased during
Few. if any, large sales have been the Past 12 months, due not only to
made since 1915 at more than 27V4;the Me waK cle. but also to the
cents. Quotations have appeared at greatly Increased price of commodl-;
30 cents, but these were for small
lots of emergency copper which lit- "Tbe copper producers have, how-1 the shaft near the sirfac that tare
tie consumers were obliged to get In ever, always shown a firm Intention ' values of $29. On the old rrlsra rein
tbe open market at any price that of co-operating with the government ! the ore body Is imxease ant rarried
might be asked at periods when there to the full extent of their ability and -pay values. With the great milling
was practically no copper in stock for; the most satisfactory element in the plant the milling coeta can be sat ma
delivery. Occasional attempts at agreement made is that it not only ob-1 terially, which win add greatly to th
stock manipulation also were charged viates the necessity of a reduction j exchequer during the year,
with part in metal spurts at odd i in wages, but even represents an ta-' R. U Dimmid( hh WWn tharga
tiuiei. Concerning the attitude of Ar- crease above that paid for the first: of the bpVrfctl'nr.s fVr the pYt iflMiMfi
izona producers toward tbe present . fortnight of September." 'meaths.
PREPARE FOR WINTER
situation, not overlooking the treat-1
ment accorded other industries jn
price fixing, the following interest
(ncr era toman fr ha luaan immjxl TtV
Walter Douglas, president of the'
Phelps -Dodge corporation:
"The agreement entered into be-j Judge W. M. Monmonler. well There is strong evidence of the truth
tween the government and the pro-! known pioneer of Pearc. wae in Bi.- of thle belief. It was of record that
ducers establishes a price of 23! bee last week and stated that at the when the sheriff of McKinley county,
cents per pound for the next f our I present time the Commonwealth Min-. with the assistance or th county
months, after which time such price ling & Milling company have a fort ' council of defense, depcrted over 30
will be subject to further considers-' of men at work removing the ma- agitators, a large number of I. W.
tion and possible revision. I chhieiy from the mill which has been ! W. documents were removed from
"Another point which was mutual-; Ply to the United Verde at, those f-
It aereed unon was that the wage Jerome n4 P'tly to mining com- earda fond and from tha work be
scale TlborLaged Jn Uw TprLuc! ! Pnr in New MU. Th mahln. done by the agitators in the dis-
tion of copper should during e T not bl " ta pWn BWM
tion of copper should, u"ng f.the Pfcarce mill altiougU it to ou ef being carried out in other places.
length of the agreement, be based i , 1 ," " jj , v, T
-j j i .u the finest power olants in AriaoBa. A W(u the dependence of the I. W.
upon the wages paid during the month' Wl" 1'UBBl i"""!'"' " . r u i n,k ,,i-
of AueusL The Aueust waee figure ; Cerent class of engine ftnd MMuiii- T. Wader in the Bisbee trouble,
"JonmtoVir wU1 in8tAUe1 M w M the whlsh resulted disastrously for them
?6 6S cenwWca ta k' "e r"moTed- U because of the patriotic action of the
x;t5 Tr iliiv and a murker and tram-
"5 t
, a 'r ii
3-cent increase in the price of cop
per above that which is being actu
ally received by the producers.
"The price of 23 V4 cents fixed by
the government cannot be regarded
as over generous treatment to tbe
producer of copper if the prices fixed
for other commodities is considered.
The average price obtained for cop
per metal for ten years prior to Jan
uary 1, 1917, was 13.62 cents per
pound. The present price represents,
therefore, an increase above this av-
similarly received more favorable
treatment than copper in that the
agreement entered into on September
24, fixes the price for pig iron at $33 i
per gross ton. the pre-war price hav
ing been in the neighborhood of from'
$12 to $14; plates, bar steel, shapes,;
i etc., have prices fixed from 150 to,
200 per cent above those prevailing teen carloads of machinary are ax
before the war. In the case of coke i pected In Kingman in a few days to
the $6 price represents an Increase ; Jmuied out and installed W ta
of at least 100 per cent. If the c- property of the Friaco wold kflaa
reals are considered in this connec-. company. Thi maohinery eonalata pf
tion. and 80 to 90 cents per bushel mining and milling niachljxary, it be
for wheat may have been regarded ai ng intended to put in a 10-aore-a
fair price prior to 1915. the nilnl-i po,- hoist compressor and a
mum of $2.50 per bushel fixed byton milling plant Thi in stall tion
the government is extremely liberal i,., ncesttatd by the vvetiiag
as compared with that for copper. j of an immense body of $1 gold or
"The cost of the production of cop-: ln the nw 8naft th4t a bee uk
ues entering into production.
S STAY IX ENGLAND
a
D. Qftf ATWfl
kJlllKt! 1MOW
j JleDOHed Cit MlRC
COttWWJllVCCllth
! i
aa "'"ocuties arc i yruauui iiuimn
tailings dump of tU old mili,
'which have remained intact for a
numDer oi year, wniie turn price ui
silver was low and did
sot ' justify
handling. . making every effort to suppress every
Judge MoajcoonWr abto reports a ")Te to encourage disloyalty. An at
strike of silver ere am the Gomsoo-' tempt to start trouble at the coal
wealth propertiee. The vela na
countered immediately on tbe eurfac
and is from elgkt to ten feet wide,
averaging from J 24) t 28 er tow.
Croseruttlng hM been started trem
the 300 foot level by Snperlnteedent
Bryant with a forre of mn ia an ef
fort to ascertain the depth of the vehs,
while a force of men are at work
sinking from the surfare. President
Knox of the company was la PeareeJ
this week and is very optimistic of
the outlook in view of tha present !
price of silver, stated Mr. KonuioaJer.
Mine Machinery
Is On Way to Big
Mojave Property
KINGMAN. Ariz- Oct. 6. Seven
1n tne Mia, dba of ta grou.
in driving the crosscut from tb2U0
eTOi J2 feet of ore aald to average
better than ten dollars, waa cut.
Som- Djg trax were encountered In
CONDITIONS
GALLUP
BLAMED
TO I.W.W. FORCE
Investigation of Labor
Troubles In Coal Camp Re
veals Same Influences at
Work as Created Trouble
Here:
Santa Fe. N. M., Oct 6. Officials
investigating labor troubles in New
Mexico are of the opinion that the
same men and the same methods and
objects involved In the labor trou
bles at Bisbee and other Arizona
camps are responsible for the recent
trouble at Gallup, and that serious
results for New Mexico were avoided
only because of the prompt action of
the new company, the Gallup-Ameri-can,
taking over the Victor American
properties last July. This company,
being one of the Jackling group, sim
ply refused to sign any contract rec
ognizing the union. The men refused
to go to work and vacated the com
pany houses, which were immediate
ly filled with outside workmen And
the act headed off an attempt to ti
np many mines and smelters of the
aouthweet by shutting off the coalj6Ute 8meUp would faU 8hort of pro.
supply. The result is that the union I vWlng the adTantage whicn it de.
mine have been having constant trou
ble with their. men and the GaHup
Amertcan is producing more coal than
all of them together.
It U also believed that large num
ber of numbers of the I. W. W. have
joined other unions and are secretly
working to destroy them, so that the
I union men will turn to the I. W. W.
; reaUz that the full operation of the
oai mines of this state is necessary
v o ""-
er 01 Arizona and they have been
n-;8jnp or usana, ssanta r county, wae
i blocked . when the Spanish-Americans
at wttrk there declared themselves for
the union.
ror many oeuermrnis in
ranuuroira via rs, nut vuica n ,
wages, but voted to,.
put off their demands until after the i
war. and at the same Urn. called upon.
all of their race to make good. They
seem to realize more strongly than
their Anglo-Saxon neighbors the dan
gers which threaten their sons sent
in the draft and the volunteer
regiment, and a tome or tneir com
munitiee it is positively dangerous to
" -ujimug caiuaiea 10 9imp,e or comp,ex rock gangue.
disturb the government or to cause ' njcn , the ord!nary cours of eTent,
any falling down in munitions or war wonl(1 regult 8inlply m loaJinf. tae
materials. They almost unanimously! meltr wlth bulk wlthottt Taine, or
support the people of Biabee in the;with fcn,k with detriment to tne reFt
oopo nation matter, ana tne reports or
their wanting to strike at Madrid be
cause of the deportation of certain ag
itators from Gallup were certainly ex
aggerated for the purpose of lntlmt-
dating the governor into ordering the
u"eo
wni lug juMuvr j iuey mu nut
are and heard of no strike talk over
that matter.
On of th Gallup deportees has
broaght ult for damages, and has
1st lad d Managing Director John Vi.
Sully as a defendant who was not
tbere at the time of th deportation,
and knew nothing of what was going
on until afterwards. It is considered , tnft ore of the TarIoU9 districts where
to b a good Jok here because it is:the pie. are unable to equip
said Sully went Immediately to Gal- tncmwlves. The state needs more
lup with th intention of "firing" bislnotation pUntg where the concentra.
rprenUtlve responsible and found: on can be carried on to a hIg;iTaiu.
they were absent also. It seem that j planf8 ,h, concentration
koib ef his mine guards were aepu-.Inln9 8re ot Mpen8iTe, not dirrieult
ty sheriffs and the sheriff ordered ; t0 nn wlth the nononlpjex mineral
them to a.slst him. which they bad of Arizona. And tnPT are pjant8
to do under the state law. It is un- wmld g,T4 to tne m,ner or tt. m,n.
derstood that the Bisbee deportees- taf company a yield of hundred, of
are working in harmony with toe dollars through the concentration of
OwUup flrjwrtf-rsta an effort to m- Uy,producta that Is to now in tha
wia an wWt m Ms'rtl k i
Tedmt. i (Continued ob Fag Twe)
COMMITTEE IS
LOOK
INTO
PROBLEMS Of
STATE PLANTS
Legislative Committee Inves
tigating the Feasibility of a
State Reduction Plant for
Many Ores.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Oct. 6. The com
mittee appointed by the last legisla
ture to look into the various ques
tions attending the proposal to build
a state smelter and report thereupon,
has established Its working organi
zation and is now engaged upon the
gathering of data to place before the
next legislature. Mr. Devine. the
member of the committee from Mari
copa county, has been made chairman
of the investigating organization and
has established headquarters in his
Phoenix offices.
Discussion of the proposed relief
for small operators of mining proper
ties in the state has developed con
siderable difference of opinion. Those
ar not larkinr whn believe that a
sired to bring about. There are ad
vocates of mills, crushers, sampling
works and leaching plants among
those who fall to see in tbe smelter
proposal the relief that is sought A
particularly clear argument setting
forth the dinadvantage of a smelter
in comparison with other available
methods is provided in the following
letter to the Arizona Chapter A. it.
C. by A. C. Rowsey, a Tucson mining
writer:
"Theorized aa a source of enor
mous returns now lost in some way
unknown, the state smelter, the in
dependent smelter, a metal making
plant which theoretically will return
to its customer 93 per cent of tbe
recoverable assets of hiB mine, is
lurking somewhere in the mind of
every independent miner In the state.
To some it is a dream, to others an
energizing force, to others a demand
that will not be stayed by any argu
ment sl'ort of such a plant and of
such a failure as it of necct-sity will
be unless there is a great change !n
the methods of the miners themselves.
"I have heard, and so has every
one elfe. earnest men preach as go-
not take ore when the price is high.
They will not accept small, irregu
lar consignments, low grade ores and
so on indefinitely with variations cor-
responding to the individual experi-
I ence with the smelters.
1 do not
. . .,. mlsin.
I do not
, ... ., . .::.. .,vj
. . minInB. .,.,.,) i
vw ,haf nft . r, ,'do
wheM j nai, fnm wou(, not thjnk r
sending the kind of stuff to smelters
I have seen shipped through Tucson.
The Colorado smelters would not take
it, or if they took it they would
promptly affix penalties that would
prevent a like shipment reaching the
loading cars. For most of it waa
of th charge.
"To my mind, and any Colorado
miner may correct me if he chooses,
your Arizona smelters are barring con
signments of the little men and re-
,ow grade becau8e eTery one
;l8 0 greedy to get into the smelter
that they work against each other
interests, shutting out possibility of
equalization of smelter space with
plain reck, gangue. which pays no
body and costs high.
"To my mind, it is not a state
smelter, or more smelters that Is the
prime need of Arizona, but custom
mncentmtinff nlantii that will handle TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 7, 1917.
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
BIER'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
An Interesting letter just received I
from Private L. J. Hall, of Camp .
Funston follows: j
"My Dear Mr, Richardson:
"TU-j above triangle looks mighty j
good to the boys here. This is the
first to open and is crowded to over
flowing all the time. Several more
will open in the near future, I am
told. This cantonment is H shaped,
one side is an auditorium, while the
other is a sort of lobby, music room,
etc., with a big fireplace in one end.
The formal opening was started with
an introduction of secretaries and
short speeches and finished with a
vaudeville bin. I could not get close
to it for the crowd.
"We arrived here at 11:30 p. m.
Friday night, were met at the train
and taken to camp, cold showered
(heavy on the cold), uniformed com
pletely, given a cup of coffee and
sent to the hay. This hay should be
taken literally. We sleep on iron
cots with springs. Our mattresses
are a canvas bag stuffed with hay.
Each man is issued two blankets,
which has been enough for me. We
were also issued the following: One
pair shoes, three pairs sax, two suits
of underwear, one shirt, one pair
breeches, one pair leggins, (part 1
leather on inside), one comb, one
brush, one tooth brush, one mess out
fit and one hat with a nice red cord,
designating artillery, which branch of
the service we were assigned to In
fact, all Arizona men so far have been
put in the artillery. The Cochise, Pi
ma and Pinal boys so far are In tbe
340th field artillery. 1 am in Battery
D, although we were scattered in dif
ferent batteries. Mail should be art-
dressod to the regiment or battery ; ,urne1 from Ue CMrackau8i where
if possible. Battery D 340th P. A ; he and tWQ other g heea
N A.. Camp Funston. This will avo.d j on a hun expeditioni 8Upposedly
delay. Have been kept very busy so(for but
judging from conversa-
far. Saturday, for example, it was ; Umt overneara. the most lmportant
from 1:30 a. m. to 4:00 p. m. when we i find was a demijonn of .c,der
turned in. as we were outfitted Allj Ued by a friend of tne kaUer.,
Utuf 6:l5Lb ,f , :HM"'Anywy' McCartney swears he saw
sembly at 7:00. Drill till 10:30, then , twQ genufne deer wouU haye
examined physically, fhen pven in- j turned with bacon had ,t not been
strucuons what to do and what not. j f a light of the moon; bet-
till noon. Duty at 1:00. drill till 3:30. . boys.
then the whole regiment was scat-1
tered at intervals of about eight feet i
while the major gave us an hour'E j Mr- J- Harama of Amarillo, Texas,
physical torture. Say, that major's j hunted up the Y. M. C. A. the first
a bear. Think of a man standing on , thing on reaching town. He got a
a platform directing a thousand men j temporary card to the Y. M. C. A. and
all over the parade ground. He has j says he will certainly make this his
a voice like a bugle horn and he suroj headquarters alter he is settled up.
commands attention. He had us
squaiing, stooping, bending, twisting Word has been received from New
in ways that are awful to a fat man. York telling of the safe arrival in the
He is the kind of man that can abuse metropolis of Mr. J. F. Sinclair and
anyone terribly, and have them like' wIfe' wn left the district about ten
it. After all this we had a shot of,da?s aR- Tnev called at the Inter-.
something in the arm and another in national office of the Y. M. C. A. and
the back and were dismissed about from u reports were enjoying the
5 p. m. tor the day. Camp Funston j bfB city to the limit.
is equal to Riley and Manhattan, '
about eight miles, and is just a bigi Mr. Slade has obtained great bene
city of two-story barracks, electric 1 'its from the individual use of the
light, sewerage and water with steam gymnasium on early mornings. Otii
heat being installed. We are treated j ers would do well to follow his ex-
as well as we could possibly expect, i
The officers are very considerate and
patient, not domineering like I thought
they would be."
Mr. C. D. Thompson, director of the
Association, recentiy returned from
the peaches of California, where he
and his wife had been enjoying th
time of their lives, as Mr. Thompson
expressed it.
President Arthur Notman, of the Y
board, made a hasty trip to El Paso
the first of the week.
Secretary Richardson is just in re
ceipt of the following letter from one
of his secretarial friends at Portland,
Oregon :
"Dear Friend: This is a hasty word
of parting to you, as I am leaving
Tuesday to sail for France October
6. I have been asked to go for six
months. The opportunity for service
by the Y. M. C. A. among the soldiers
of th-i United States army in France
is so immense that a number of ex
perienced men have been called toj
go at once and help get the work
established. About two hundred build
ings will be erected and a large num
ber of secretaries will go over later.
It is with deep regret I leave the I
many friends in the Northwest, of
whom I count you one. Your friend-'
ship has helped and your contribu-;
tions have made possible the progrcssj
the Industrial Y. M. C. A. has made
in the Northwest.'
Columbus Day, October 12. will be'
observed by the K. C.'s in the Y gym-j
nasium on next Friday night at 8,
o'clock. Attorney J. P. Boyle, ofj
Douglas, will be the principal speaker j
and it is proposed to make the meet-j
ing a patriotic one. The public isj
extended a cordial invitation to al-j
tend. i
Scotty Hanks is again visiting "Old
Haunt f" and can be seen in the lobby
with his game leg resting on a chair,
reading his favorite magazine, "Poi
ular Science."
The following letter from Famous i
Bill Cooley. The news letter editor I
gladly gives space to: "Co. D, Sec-j
ond Battalion, 117 Eng. Regt, Camp i
Mills. New York. N. Y. Dear Mr.
Richardson: Am writing you these
few line to send my regards to you,
the Y ktaff and all the rest of the :
gang. Things are assuming an A
position here, that is most like lead-
ing to a long boat ride. We have had
a lot of rumors about camp and some
of thorn come from very good and re-
liable sources. We had our final ex
amination this afternoon, and I got
by in grand shape. We've got a fine
bunch of fellows and if we do go
across, we're going with the best. We
are fully equipped and are in fine
physical condition and will try our
best for Uncle Sammy. I'll send you
a piece of the kaiser's skull and you
can hang it in the lobby. Wouldn't
that be a good scheme for attracting
a few new members? One of the BU
bee boys wrote me a letter and said
that the Bisbee Daily Review had
quoted as as being slackers. You can
tell them from Newton and Cooley,
that we are serving in D Company,
of the engineering regiment of the
Rainbow division. We sure would
like to have this mistake corrected.
How are those good old membership
banquets of yours coming along?
When you have another, please give
all the boys my very best regard and
wish them all the success in the
world. If I go across (which I sin
cerely hope), I'll do my best and it
1 ever do come back, I sure will try
and get back to Bisbee for a minstrel
show, and another good chat and a
few good times at the best old Y in
the United States. Regards to Mr.
Mitchell, all the women folks and the
best luck In the world for yourself.
Believe me, yours,
"BILLY COOLEY."
Mr. Robert McCartney, carpenter
I fnfpmfln nf t ll n Pnnnitr Anoan h'j a ro.
ample.
Mr. C. E. Newnham, of Phoenix,
who is working on the new High
school, called around this evening and
Joined. We are very much pleased
that he has decided to become one of
our fellowship. He is a well known
contractor.
Mr. Whitwell's geology class was so
popular with those who attended it
that they requested him to hold the
classes twice a week.
A class for advanced French stu
dents is offered by Mr. Fuechere. Here
Is a chance to polish up your accent
and get the real Parisian tang into it.
The Spanish conversation courses
are going, with several men to each
shift It will be possible to get in
and catch up during the next week.
There has been considerable de
mand for several classes not adver
tised. The educational department
will secure teachers and conduct in
these departments also, if suitable
members apply.
J. W. Kinnerly, of Roswe'.l, came
up here and looked the place over at
the suggestion of Mr. Miller. He in
tends to join after he is settled down.
Mr. A. W. Abraham, formerly
member of the Bisbee "Y" and em
ployed by the Copper Queen engineer
ing force, dropped us a line from i
Stanford. Mr. Abraham has entered
the university, where he will take the
regular course in mining engineering. I
probably returning to Bisbee during j
the vacation days of 1918.
Durward Bunnell, recently of the I
local "Y," writes from II. McArthur.i
Calif., where he has joined the coast
artillery, that he is now a corporal
and company clerk. He says army
life is all that he expected of it. Tbe
grub is fine and companionship con-:
genial. i
Ragnald Fyhen, formerly of the
Oakland Y, is a new member of the
local Association. Mr. Fyhen is a
great indoor baseball enthusiast, and
ill head one of the best teams dur
ing tbe coming winter. He is also
a booster ftfr the "Iggotou Club," of
which you will hear more later.
PRESIDENT OF GIRLS' HONOR GUARD
BRINGS CHEER TO SICK FIGHTING MEN
t';Vi '"f'4l . .?; vfe : ; YJlZ
Miss Thccdcra Iiooth presenting flowers to sick soldiers.
Mis-s Tl-.aodora llooth. president of the Girls' Nat.ona! Honor Guard,
lias set for herself the task of keeping sick sailors and soldiers cheerful.'
She is heie seen talking to one of the convalescent sa;iors and ofTe i"?
him flowers. The organization of which she is the head has thousands of
girls enrolled in this work of mercy.
The "We Do Things" club of which
Harry Crochet, an Instructor at the
High school is leader, met at their
club room Friday night. After busi
ness, Mr. Crochet explained the work
ing of the gasoline engine.
The most exciting thing . that has
happened in our lobby for some time
happened Friday evening, about 10:30
o'clock. When every fellow present
was nuietly writing to his wife cr
sweet'peart, and everything was so
quiet that one could hear his hair
grow, when "Black Tom," one of our
cat family while rambling around got
his tail fast in a crack of one of our
metal waste baskets, and he certainly
did set up an awful howl, and, the
harder he pulled the faster be got.
Every man was up and ready to scrap
the man who stepped on Tom's tail,
but in a moment Tom was released
and the situation explained and every
one soon settled down to his work.
The regular monthly membership j
banquet will be held at the "Y" nextj
Thursday evening, October 11. Din-j
ner will be served at 6 o'clock. There
will be no invitations sent out. Allj
members who have joined, or renewed j
or who have brought in a member!
during the months of August and Sep-.
tember are eligible to attend the ban-;
quet; all members who expect to be
present will please sign their names'
on the book which is placed on our:
counter for that purpose. We also:
ask you to do this so that we may'
know how many to prepare for. The
book will close Wednesday evening,
October 10, at 11 o'clock. Ask the
man at the desk. .
General Secretary A. B. Richardson
left Thursday evening on business for'
the National Y. M. C. A. war council.
During the absence of General Sec-'
retary A. B. Richardson, the business'
office will be in charge of General,
Office Assistant C. C. Mitchell, and j
the general activities in charge of Sec-:
retary J. M. Morely.
Mr. H. B. McVell. of Hebron, Neb.,!
came into the Y yesterday and took
out a membership. He is at work in j
the Shattuck mine and says he is j
an Arizonian already.
Remember, these suits
are made from genuine
$25 materials.
Every thread guaran
teed Strictly All Wool
with a satisfactory fit or
your money back.
WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OF
LADIES' ALTERATIONS.
D. H. Evans
BREWERY GULCH
Opposite Uncle Jim's
SUITS
MADE COO
ORDER lJSWTo$20
f
J
The Churches
First Baptist Church.
9:45 Sunday school, J. H.
man, superintendent.
Bran
11:00 Preaching;
Subject, "Bap-
tist Beliefs."
12 : 00 Communion.
6:45 Junior and Senior B. Y
7:43 Preaching. Subject,
P. U.
Lot's
Choice."
Wednesday evening prayer meeting.
Thursday evening choir practice.
Friday evening Berean class meet
ing. At Mr. Plunkett's in Warren. Come
and enjoy services with us.
F. M. PITMAN, Pastor.
St John's Episcopal Church.
Sunday school at 9:45 a. m.
Holy communion at 11 a. m.
Warren Sunday school at 9:45 a.m.
Wednesday, choir practice at 7:30
p. m. .
H. S. BREWSTER, Pastor.
If you live in . Warren, remember
that divine services will be held in
the old school house at 11 a. ni. It
you live in South Bisbee, you are
most cordially invited to attend the
services there at 7:30 p. m.
A. J. IRWIN, Pastor.
Presbyterian Church.
Sunday school at ,9:45 a. m., with
offering for "missioas."
Young people's meeting at 6:30 p.
m. Topic, "Christ's Yoke; What It
Is, and How to Waar It" Matthew
11:25-30. Consecration meeting, led
by Miss Wittig. Offering received.
Public worship at, 11 a. m. and at
7:30 p. m., with sermons by the pas
tor. Notice the earlier hour of the
evening meeting. '
Meeting of Synod of Arizona In this
church October 18-21st.
JOHN E. FRY, Pastor.
First Christian Church.
Communion and Memorial address
li o'clock a, m. by the pastor. Music
for the occasion. ;
Bible school 10 o'clock a. ni., L. T.
Frazier, superintendent
Preaching 7:30 p. m. Miss Gean
Quin will sing a solo.
Endeavor services 6:30. Mr. Ver
gil Bell, leader.
Choir practice Wednesday evening
at 7:30. Miss Gean Quin, choir di
rector. You are cordially invited to come
and enjoy these services.
A social by the ladies of the church
will be given Thursday evening at the
church.
S. DEATHERAGE, Minister.W
Goll Will Soon
Leave Douglas
Mines Chamber
DOl'GLA.S Ariz.. Oct. 6. With the
retirement the middle of the month
of Oscar K. Goll. the best posted man
in the Southwest as to Arizona, New
Mexico and Sonora mining properties
and mineral resources, will no longer
be available to the public information
department of the mining industry.
Mr. Goll, during the last three years,
has compiled a great deal of data for
the Douglas Chamber of Mines auu
COMMITTEE LOOKING
INTO STAJE PLANTS
(Continued From Page One)
smelter smoke and goes neither to
the smelter or the miner.
"Most Important of all, and all
around most desirable, these plants
would reduce the freight charges on
shipments more than 50 per cent and
increase the value of the concentrate
by at least that amount, and by ef
fecting a like shrinkage in the bulk
at the smelter, afford room for the
small shipper to get a chance for his
mineral. The smelter would make
more money on such uniform concen
trates and the return all around would
be satisfactory.
"Arizona, I take it, has been spoiled
in her mining by the richness of her
mineral wealth. The comparatively
simple nature of her ores has made
it too easy. Had she ores of Colo
rado with three to five nearly alike
in specific gravity in one vein; had
Arizona no blanket or kidney forma
tions, the mining industry of the state
would have long ago turned to the
concentrating mill for its first oper
ation?. "The time is coming, however, when
she must heed the lesson of Colora
do, develop her concentrating custom
plant, each in its district to handle
the. local ores and ship either as a
buyer or as an agent The result will
be that a standardized product only
will reach the smelter and that of
high grade. All miners will be able
to ship to the smelters now est ab
lished and the returns from each mine,
even because of the lower freight
cost, will be above suspicion.
"As an illustration, a smelter will
allow you up to 10 per cent zinc
without penalty. After that, up to 14
per cent you are penalized. A con
centration pliint could discard suffi
cient of the gangue we make your
permitted 10 per cent Into a 40 per
cent zinc and int6 cash at the market
place. Your penalized 14 per cent
zinc concentrated 4 in 1, makes a 5
per cent zinc, a prize shipment. A
j proper concentrating plant could use
I and buy even lower than 10 per cent
zinc sulphides for the manufacture of
acids of chemical by-products. It
could store the small metal residue
and ship eventually at a profit to it
self and to the patron of the mill.
"Leaching processes are coming in
to more general practice in connec
tion" with ore dressing, with the re
sult that by-products now lost in the
roasting fire will become assets long
before the final concentrate is ship
ped, to the last resource of revenue,
the smelter.
"To my mind the day that Arizona
awakens to its mill values will be a
gala day and a day of sudden wealth."
The smelter commission, which will
doubtless receive many communica
tions suggesting ways of bettering the
situation of the small operators in
the state, will have its next meet
ing In Phoenix during the State fair
week.
Magma Copper on
1600 Level Finds
Big Ore Values
SUPERIOR, Ariz.. Oct. 6. On its
lower level, at depth of 1,600 feet,
.he Magma Copp?r company, in its
ross-cut, has disclosed width of more'
than 19 feet of ore averaging 13 3-8
per cent copper, 4 ounces silver and
$2 in gold. There is no way of es
timating further extent this new ore
body may make except through prose
cution of the development which Is
being continued. The cross-cut has
improved in values as it has gone in,
"le fate at this time showing general
average of 19V4 per cent copper ana
$10 in gold-silver values. The Mas
ma established Itself fully as a cop
per mine of great possibilities in 131G
when it cross-cut 34 feet of 10 petj
ent ore on the 1,500 leved. Its
tense nbove this level had been com
paratively small. The development
of the property under the present
ownership was carried on for several
years under conditions of very dis
couraging character and its making
of present depth has been under not
a few disadvantages. High skill and
a great deal of money and persistence
has been required, amply earning re
ward that has been gained. The
property has for sometime been on
a mfllion pound the month copper
production basis.
COLORADO MAN WOUNDED.
OTTAWA. Ont., Oct. 5. The casual
ty list of the Canadian oversea con
tingent tonight contains the name of
R. II. t'rquhart. of Montrose, Colo..
who was vMituled.
has pushed it into large prominence
as i a source of reliable information
for mining interests in the country!
at large. Notwithstanding retarding;
conditions imposed by the various rev-;
olutions he has gathered a great deulj
of information as to Sonora resources!
and established a permanent relation-j
ship of a desirable kind between this(
mining and smelting center and the
owners of Mexican properties. Mr.
Goll oes to Ixis Angeles to engage'
in business. His successor here ha.j
not been named, but is expected to
come from an eastern college of
mines
HAVE
YOU
Seen our slide in the
picture show of Cornell
Wall Board? We have
a full line of this, just
the thing to line box
houses. Especially
much better than resaw
and paper. Come in
and see our office. We
used this wall board.
Gibson-Mines
Lumber Co;
J.W.F.Smitfi,Hgr.'Hione88
J
3. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO
Robert Kenessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulant
EYE N E RV GLASSES
Study 8nd much re
search work sinc
1S92, is the cause of
my successful practice
in Bisbee. Dr. R.
Glaze, Neutrolocist,
Room I, Maze Bldg., Phone, Office
156, Residence, Black 420.
We are paying good prices
ior hides.
ARIZONA JUNK CO.
Lowell, Arizona.
WATKINS & EERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
j The HALLMARK Store
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
One Minute Please!
Is there any necessity for buying Jewelry from strange concerns
hundreds of miles away, when you can get the same or BETTER
QUALITY MERCHANDISE RIGHT HERE IN YOUR OWN CITY?
AGENTS FOR
SoulhRcnd
I 1
1 rtl.Tj
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co. Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL MARKS. MGR.
Review Want
ir j. b.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
CHICHESTER S PILtS
01A1U.D llAu n LL. to
yon wr. Com. STmL AMn RcKMa
SOLD BY DRIGGI5.TS EIFBYHHERE
To All Deputies
I want to Imprest upon each dep
uty sheriff the absolute necessity
for extreme self-coi.rol, cooL calm
judgment and patience. Avoid all
display of weapons. Remember,
you are deputized for protection of
self and property and the mainten
ance of peace. Yon are subject to
my call, a call which will be made
when necessary
Let no act of yours tend to de
feat the object for wbicft yon wre
ieputized, namely the preservatlo
sf peace. I hold each man respon
sible for any Illegal act or excess of
bis authority and this applies to ev
jry man in this district.
HARRY C. WHEELER,
Sheriff.
J. L. Winters
Phone 491. Lowell
List Your Property With Me
Ranches, Cattle, Automo
biles Old Line Fire Insurance
If you want Quick Action, and a
Square Deal, see me.
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you .an estimate
on that job on short notice
I JJiA0A BLADDER i:
! :( rS5?TJ BsliCTBdU j:
iViVl hDTv 24. Hours; :
i IjrmCei beam lb WICY) , '
I ! , auW
Dtmmt efcommltrfUm '
We do not ask your trade simply because
we happen to PAY TAXES HERE, help sup
port the schools, churches and so on. but be
cause WE CAN AND WILL SAVE YOU
MONEY.
KEEP TRADE AT HOME
Step in and EXAMINE OCR COMPLETE and
CI' TO-DATE LINE of
QUALITY JEWELRY
Lowell Jewelry Shop
S7 Aaerits for Parker Luckv Curvs Fountain Pen
MAIN STREET - - LOWELL
FACE THE BUILDING
MATERIAL QUESTION
fioru a common sense stand
point. A tailor canuot pat shod
dy into a suit of clothes and
make It as good and lasting as if
l.e had used first class cloth.
Same with building a house.
The better the materials, the
better the building. We keep
the best.
Company. inc
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE 125.
Ads for Results THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 7, 1917.
THREE
Lest We
By Mary Roberts Rinehart
i Wimm ;- . -If
1 v-;v Mr:. '2 , ; -si I
8 if 1 , WVtr,'j ( ; j -J
' l QUEEN and KING
"-H Wl
Just why are we in tills war? For
democracy? For the sake of Belgium?
For the ancient law among nations
that the word of a people is its oath?
Perhaps for all of them. Perhaps,
too, hecaure we could not keep out.
We tried. Whatever may have bepn
our record in the past, it can never
be said of us that we brought tlii.s
war on ourselves or that we failed to
use every honorable method to keep
out of the death grip of Europe. If
we were long in coiling to our decis
ion, it was because we remained in
credulous. We were asked to believe
something that was hard to believe.
So we waited and hoped and stress
ed every point of international law
to the breaking point because of this
thing we would not believe. We were
a clean and humane people. We can
understand individual irnielty. We
have had sad experiences of the hys
teria of crowds. But we can not un
derstand, and today we hardly credit,
the cruelty of a government.
We have ourselves constructed a
government that is dignified, just,
slow to wrath and humane.
But for three years a conviction has
been growing among us that one of
the nations in the world war is none
of these things not dignified, not
just, not humane. Had Germany's
cruelties . ceased with Belgium, she
might in time have made her case be
fore the world. For three years in
that wretched country she has been
covering Jier tracks.
But Germany has bungled. She has
disclaimed Trightfulness in Belgium
only to bring it home to the world at
large. She haR introduced into war
fare such cruelties of killinz, such in
human methods, such destruction,
euch contempt of the laws of war as
have set the world pale with horror.
SZie has added hate to the vocabulary
of war, and hatred is a tontnvrion.
Yet, persistently a nd in the face of
the evidence, she has disclaimed the
atrocities in Belpium. She has been
willinst to shoulder the sinking cf wo
men and children in unarmed ships.
She is proud of the invention of poi
son gases and liquid fre. She be
lieves that the shelling cf unfonifie-I
cities and the use of the Fuhmarin?
against helpless fishing boats will, cn
her initiative, he accepted by the rex!
Hague convention as ethical and 'ea!.
But she continues to disdain the
atrocities in Belgium. Why should
she not? The thousands who died in
protecting the advance of her army,
the other thousands who were shot
without inquiry against the brick
walls of captured towns, those men
who were bayoneted while tryin? to
protect their women from the as
)aults of drunken soldiers, the little
children whose bodies lay unhuried
by the roadside none of them will
ever tell the story.
The atrocities in Belgium are un
true. They are matters of record.
German soldiers themselves have set
down te details in the diaries their
government gave them. I lip.ve read
some of those diaries. Not all Ger
man soldiers turned into beasta in
Belgium. There are some who re
cord that the horrors sickened them.
It is not true that the German govern
ment ordered assaults on women.
But it did order looting and arson and
wholesale murder.
The result of that order for looting
was, a mob of drunken men, whose
victims today fill great graves.
This is a terrible accusation to
bring againsta a people. Yet I know
the thin? of which I speak. During
the firft year of the war I went te
that portion of Belgium which re
mained unconquered. There I saw
men, officers high in the Belgian
army, who had themselves seen that
infamous advance protected by their
own people old men, women carry
ing children, small girls, sturdy boys,
with death behind and death ahead.
It was impossible not to believe.
The accumulation cf evidence w'as too
great. The German srmy had come
into Belgium prepared for opposition.
They brjntht fire con't't:, which they
flung into the houses while they were
occupied. More than one German di
ary tells of the shooting of the inhan
itants as they tried to escape. Drunk
f
Forget!
1
cF IvELfi'JUM
MIIM MMIIII IMIIII n i" J
en German soldiers firing their guns
led the sober ones to believe the civil
population was rising, although it was
known they had no weapons, and 50
or more leading citizens were shot
without a hearing. Women were at
tacked in public places.
But even here there was a chance
for Germany. She could say and
she has said she did not order these
things, although she did. order the
shooting of hostages .without inquiry,
and Lhe did order the looting which
resulted in drunkenness and its thou
sand resulting brutal crimes.
But on one count Germany must
face the world, must be tried and sen
tenced, with no possibility of acquit
tal. She protected her advance with
ncn-eonibatants.
The victims of extreme cruelty do
not live to tell of it; but German sol
diers themselves have told the story.
Wo have had here at La Panne many
hundreds of journals taken from dead
or imprisoned Germans furnishing ela
borate details of most atrocious acts.
The government is keeping these jour
nals. They furnish powerful and in
controvertible testimony of what hap
pened in Belgium when it was swept
over hy a brutal army. That was, of
course, during the invasion; such
things are not happening now, so far
as we know."
The king of the Belgians had
epoken as a ruler and a soldier. lie
had himself fought with his army
those terrible rear-guard engagements
which could have but one end. He
himself had seen this thing, so shoe ic
ing that it is small wonder thai
America heard it with incredulouj
ears.
A king's statement and a man's.
How about a woman who herself ha'
been among the last to leave Zrv.r
sels. and before whom, in the inti
macy of that small villa at La Panne,
came soldiers and refugee nobles with
their htories of murder and debauch
by the invaders?
I have never before broken the si
lence of my interview with Elizabeth,
queFn of the Belgians, that small,
frail und heroic woman who has lived
for three years under the roar of th?
artillery at Dixmuda and Nieuport.
But the time has ccme to break that
ri'orice. Not all can be told, but be
cause an infamous report has been
spreid broadcast that Elizabeth of
Belgium sympathizes with Germany I
shall tell some of the things she said.
Again I quote from my notes of that
interview:
"It is the women and children!"
she said. "It is terrible. There must
be killing. That is war. But not
this other thing."
She could not understand American
skepticism on this point. She had
but just returned from England,
where in one convent 29 Belgian nuns
were enceinte by German soldiers.
She had visited the.
That to her was the most terrible
thin.Tof war. That these quiet women
living their devout and simple lives,
should have suffered so grossly be
wildered and dazed her. Was there
nothing then sacred to these invaders,
not even the church?
"I am a Bavarian." she said. "I
' have always from my childhood heard
: this talk that Germany must grow,
must get to the sea. I thought it was
I just talk a pleasantry. And the Hps
! they have told about us! The em
I Pt-ror has always pretended to be bo
; friendly, and all the time "
i She held out her hands expressive-
I "Anyone who knows the king knows
j that he can not do a wrong thing. It
' is not possible for him. He can not
; go any way but straight."
j Thon she recurred to the invasion
! and the terrible cruelties of the Ger-
man army.
I "They were terrible," she said,
I "especially what they have done to
j women and children. But more than
; a::y men in the world the Germans
; are cruel to won, en. I have seen them
: myself when they did not know who
; I yua on train: sometimes not since
the war, of course. But the very way
they sttre at women is odious."
She thought that this attitude of
the Germans explained many things.
And' she told me in detail revolting
stories of the 'profanation of churches
under the pretext totally unfounded,
that the Belgian churches were store
houses for arms. She told me, too of
the especial cruelty they had shown
to priests and nuns; of tiie Jric-sti
in churches and. atter insulting the
altar, of killing them.
I have before me the statement of
a British officer who was made a pris
oner during the first winter of the
war. He escaped through Holland,
and on the third day of his return he
called to see me at Claridge's hotel,
in London. The story of Major 'now
Colonel) Vandeleur, which I here re
produce in his own words, as I re
ceived it at the time, needs no com
nient.
Although pressure from high places
was brought to bear on the British
war office. Lord Kitchener refused r"e
permission to publish it. for fear that
its use in this then neutral country
would prejudice the lot of other un
happy prisoners Hi Germany's hands.
But it belongs properly in this case
of Humanity v. Germany, and I give
it here in Colonel Vandeleur's own
words. He recovered from his early
wound, returned to the front after his
escape, and was again wounded, this
time very seriously, at the battle of
Neuve Chapelle. A brave man, this
British officer, and a very honorable
gentleman:
"I was stationed near La Basse on
October 13, 1914, with the Fifteenth
infantry brigade. The trenches at
that point were more than a mile
apart. It was raining.
"At 1:30 in the morning I was sent
forward with 75 men and 6 officers to
a village between the lines. The Ger
mans were there in greater force than
we hud expected and they attacked
with three or four machine guns. Wo
retired into a farm house and the
Germans attacked us there, setting
fire to the house with hand grenades,
fire confetti and petrol Bquirts.
"The thatched roof began to bum
and one whole half was burned before
we got it out. We got into the other
end of the building and there we had
hand-to-hand fighting, shooting at
quarters. Our own artillery was firing
over our heads at the Germans, but
no reinforcements came up. I have
learned since that they thought we
were all gone.
"By midafternoon I had a bullet
wound in my leg; & of the 6 other of
ficers were wounded, and there were
only 6 men out of the 81 left wjio
could fight. As fast as the men were
wounded we carried them to the cel
lar. "At 5 p. m. it grew dark and the
Germans commenced to charge the
building, -putting dynamite under the
house and blowing up one end of it
Most ot the time I was in the loft
firing down. My revolver was use
less, but I had a bayonet and a rifle.
"We had no water and the wounded
men were thirsty. We had to stand
on bodies to shoot.
"At la3t, at 8:30 that night, there
were only six of us lTt. The wounded
in the cellar were being burned. The
Germans had heaped stacks of straw
mm M
t, I II II AW 1 I ' " -
Ml, It.! SERVE COLO I
p." Til I uL
, tive Beverage
? t, FEHRS t
. l...v-':".,:,Jo.tT.
5 ti
mm.
pyers,
I f.' '. IT
tv jtf ffli
Y iiiirwm
about the building and had set fire
to it.
"I surrendered to a Prussian cav
airy guard, who shook hands with tne
survivors and treated us very well.
Wo were ordered to come out one by
one, our arms in the air.
"The nex day they marched us
from La Basse to Lens. Here, as i
had been shot in the leg. I asked r
a conveyance, and was finally put in
a motor. From that time our illtreat
ment began.
"We were stood up In a market
square in Douay, with a sentry to
guard us. There we were insulted
and cursed by both German officers
and soldiers. At night, although I
was wounded, I was put in an empty
shed, without even straw to lie on. I
had had no food all of that day. But
at night some French women brought
one tin of sardines for 11 men.
"All of our coats were taken away,
so we walked about to keep warm At
one place one of my officers was in
sulted by a German officer, who spat
in his face.
"At the railway we were lined up
and entrained, 52 of us being shut in
one small horse car built to hold only
six horses, with no windows and per
fectly dark. The bottom was several
inches deep in manure. As the car
was a very small one there was n
room either to sit or to lie.
"For three days and -three r.ightj
we stood. I on my wounded leg. The
doors were not even opened for SU
hours. There was no air whatever
and we were fainting.
"At Mons the doors were opened
and I was pulled out by order of the
officer in charge of the station and
cursed In filthy language. Then he
ordered a German soldier to kick me,
wounded as I was, back into the car.
He did this, and I fell sprawling it
the filth at the bottom of the car
"At the end or 30 hours they gave
us water and one slab of black bread
for each man."
In" Crefcld, 35 miles from the T)ntc?i
frontier, were 500 officers. Conditions
were very had there and in the fol
lowing February Colonel Vandeleur
made his escape, swimming canals
and undergoing terrible hardships. On
his arrival in England the kjng sent
for Ijim and the immediate result was
that the king, through our ambassa
dor to Germany, sent a large sum to
be expended for British prisoners of
war.
We are at war today not because
the crown prince of Austria was killed
in Serbia but because the German
army protected its advance with non
combatants men, women and clnl
dren.
We are at war today not because
German submarines sunk battleships
but because they have sunk and are
sinking peaceful vessels, little fishing
boats, when the fisherman were la
boring to get a scant livelihood, and
great unarmed passenger ships car
rying noncombatants men, women,
and children.
We are at war because of those cit
izens of conquered Belgium who died
protecting their womtjn.
We are at war becaase of that Ger
CINCE its first
VmJ . 1 IV ft
me puDiic, morosia
achieved instant success as
a Beverage of distinctive
qualities.
Try it to-day youTl never
tire of its many delights.
At hotels, restaurants, cafes, drug
stores, grocery stores, fountains, and at all
places where beverages are served.
Order it by the case from your dealer
CENTRAL CONSUMERS COMPANY
IWCOW SOW TCP
LOUISVILLE. KENTUCKY
Darling Sainton Co.
Wholesale Uistnbutors
man ' order of August 24. 1914, for
frightfultiess.
We are at war against the convic
tion, in German minds, that misrht is
right, that the end justifies any nu-ar.i
no matter how brutal.
We are a clean ar.d a humane peo
ple. We would not believe tiiese
things at first. A million and a half
Belgians fled to Kngland with the
story. We were still incredulous.
Noncombatants were sunk at sea. We
still felt there must he some Justin-1
cation. New and ever new cruelties'
of death came from the German
trenches, and we have said: "This
is modern war."
But the score is mounting higher
day by day. The politics of this war
are lost in its inhumanities, fatherpj
by German skill. It was not enough
that nlen should die. They i-nut die
horribly.
We have never understood. We
have been a people or ideals, tor.
fronting a nation of crass material
ists. It Is time for us to understand.
But it Is not time, and never i!! be
time, o rthe American people to stoop
to the methods of an enemy wM'h
would again today, if the necessity
arose, protect i stadvance by the help
less forms of old men, of women and
of children.
' It is well for us to pause for a mo
ment to look back on these things.
We are skeptical at first, but time
has shown their truth, for they are
of a piece with the things that have
happened since. They belong with
the Lusitania and the little fis'pn?
boats. With the attocks on London.
With liquid fire.
Wo are a people of homes. Politics
means little to us; the quarrels of
Europe nothing. But nre is an enemy
which has marched over the home?
of a nation and wantonly destroyed
them. Here is an enemy that took
the women and children out of these
homes and with that "pitiful advance
guard, drove ahead. "Again and
again innocent civilians of both sexes
were sacrificed to protect the invad
ing army."
It is for the home we are fighting
today. Democracy will live because
the principle of a free people will
never die. iberty will survive, so
long as the soul is greater than the
body. But the world will go on and
progress only when we have placed
on the lintel of each door in every
land the sign, in blood if it must be.
that the covenant of the weak and
the unprotected must be kept.
Mrs. Smith Recommends Chamber
lain's Tablets.
"I have had onire or less stomach
trouble for eight Vr ten years," writes
Mrs. G. H. Smith, Brewerton, N. Y.
"When suffering from attacks of indi
gcs.ion end heaviness after eating, one
or two ot Chamberlain's Tablets have
always relieved me. I have also found
them a pleasant laxatiev." These tab
lets tone up the stomach and enable it
to perform its functions naturally. If
you are troubled with indigesu'jn. give
Uiem a trial, get well and stay well.
Advertisement.
bow
to mm
1
w
Make the Rounds
efore
99
mm
(Clothes
mmm mi
But our one price motto
compels us to sell them
Dent
VH ... "r J
3laUlML 1UW1
It
See Our Window Display
V
Gents' Furnishings,
FOR
6 DAYS ONLY
kett Jewelry Store
mm
i
s
BREWERY GULCH
SaieStartsToday
Here is your chance to buy the article that is ordi
narily priced at $4.00 or $5.00 for the sum of
In the list of articles that
for $1 .00 is as follows:
$4.00 Cut Glass Bowl ..$1.00
$3.00 Butter Diah $1.00
$3.00 Cream Set $1.00
$2.50 Celery Dish $1.00.
$2.50 Solid Gold Scarf
Pins $1.00
$3.00 Cuff Buttons $1.00
$2.50 Solid Gold Ear
Rings $1.00
lackett Jewelry Store
BREWERY GULCH
The First Customer Monday Morning Will Get a $5 Clock for
(Sale Starts
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of evcryihine at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
You Buy
;uess Comoare!
SEE THE EXCELLENT
FITTING GOLD BOND
& STADIUM CLOTHES
The tailoring is sound
as a silver dollar!
Made up in the latest
creation of models for
the young man and the
conservative man.
THESE SUITS
Should QA
Sell for P5v
At $20
TLcsAliflrcTVsr
We Also Carry a Complete Lane of
Shoes,Stctson Hats 1
AT:
LOO
you will be able to buy
$2.75 Cigarette Cases ..$1.00
$2.50 Laval tier $1.00
$2.00 Doll $1.00.
$2.00 Miners' Lunch
Bucket and Knife. $1.00
$1.50 Miners' Lamp ...$1.00
Many other bargains. See
our window display.
I.
at 9 O'clock.) FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 7, 1917.
dXJT
'd'oci&i yN&ws
- fifisi
wcmatu? ky
i
Perhaps it would be Interesting . chiffon with the upper part of the
news to hear what the women in the high bodice made of transparent tulle,
state of Washington are doing to those j One of the lovliest frocks of this lat
who knit sweaters for themselves. A ter type is of black tulle and lace,
fine it is! No one, you see, is al-jover clinging chiffon, yellow under
lowed to divide any time to knitting . red, to blend with the wide, crushed
for others than soldiers all sweaters ' girdle of red and gold metallic bro-
must be turned over to the Red j cade. Invariably one wears a hat with
Cross. There are sweaters, beautiful these frocks, so it is interesting to
ones, to be bought in the shops, so welcome the return of the picture
take the tip. Select yours ready
made in our sJiops and turn over
your home knit sweaters to our Red
Cross.
News from Paris is always full of
glamor, but at this time of year is
of especial interest to the world of
fashion. It would seem that exqui
site workmanship is the note of the
winter rather than newness of out
line. For as long as France remains
in the throes of war, there will be
no radical change in the silhouette.
It has grown narrower and straighter
and that is alL However, Paris bas
exerted her boundless energy by pro
ducing very marvelous embroidery.
The Renaissance tapestries have been
turned to for inspiration and their
motifs copied almost exactly; even
the wool and dull silk embroidery
yarns are the same faded shades that;
Marguerite de Valois threaded back
and forth four centuries in her cas
tle at Chenonceaux. Classical de
signs have also been revived, so one
might truly say that embroidery is
the mode of the moment. Even the
famous looms of France are reproduc
ing these old embroidery designs in
their wonderful brocades. Of course
the supply is rather limited, for nowj
thirty or forty metres may amount
to the entire output of a loom that
hat of tulle, for it is here again, ar
tistically combined with lace that may
be of black, silver or gold.
The development of the bustle dra
pery is of full interest, not only to
the taiior and coutuer, but to the
American woman who is ever keen
on havln something new. The soft
ness of the winter fabrics is of in
estimable value in the manipulation
of the drapery. With the exquisitely
suDDle velvets and velours, there is
not the slightest danger that the new
silhouette will develop into anything
grotesque. In the final analysis, the
bustle is really resolving Itself into
a back drapery that gives long, slen
der, feminine lines to the figure and
adds grace to the woman who is tall
and straight '
There are, of course, many points
to be considered in the creating of
these extreme new models. The skirt
must be kept as narrow as possible.
and the hips and fronts absolutely
flat Given these desirable effects,
the bustle may be a series of hori
zontal ripples, or folds, so arranged
as to give a softly draped appearance
to the back. When the fabric is one
of the silk velours, rich and sumptu
ous in texture, or any of the new
woolens, these folds are not stiffened
in any way. Some slight stiffening,
Jiowever, such as the thinnest of crin
First Arizona Infantry
Members of the First Arizona in
fantry bid good-bye to scores oi their
Cochise county friends Friday night
at a big farewell dance given at the
post exchange at Naco. The dance
was a rousing fareweil, even though
the regiment has no idea of when It
will leave for its ne wtraining quar
ters. One thing is certain, however;
the First Arizona will give no more
dances at the exchange whether i lie ,
regiment leaves tomorrow or a year
from tomorrow. A. J. Radzwill, who 1
before they met a belter bunch of
hosts than the boys of the Firm Ari
zona. The feature of the evening, a prize
waltz, was won by Corporal E. U.
Jones of the regiment and -Miss Anna
Davis of Risbee.
Surprise Party 1
luesday evtniiiR. OvtobT 2, a very
pleasant little surprise party whs piv
en at the home of r. and Mrs. W. A.
Carnahan of Warren for their son
Charles. About thirty of his school
naa cnarge ot me aance and me Doys frieI1(ja gathered at his home at a'uout
who assisted him, spent much time: 7.30 D. , and ave tlie vounzster a
and energy to make the affair a sue 1 complete surpirse.
cess, and they intend to live up to They s.)ent the arlv cart of t!.e
their promise that the regiment, un-jevenin in KameSi a(ter which e;,bo-
like Sarah Bernhradt, should make
but one farewell appeal nee.
The farewell was a brilliant
rate refreshments were served, con-
sisting of nuts, candies, fruits, fruit
one- nunch. cookies, ice cream end cake.
The exchange was crowded to capac-1 Those Dresent were Ola Ra.terv.
ity with solodiers and clvlians. Many
BIsbee young people attended the af
fair and all pronounced it the best"
present were
1 Sanford Rattery, Frances McXally,
! KKathryn Miller. Oduey Hill, Johnny
I Hill, Ellen Hill, Tom Crellin, Thelnia
formerly turned out ten times as much, oline is necessary when the beautiful
Few people want to look pretentious j new velvets are used. These velvets
in war time, so doubtlessly the Amer-jare soft and pliable as the most lus
ican woman will follow the example j trious satins. They squash almost to
set by the Parisienne and wear semi- nothing in the hands and naturally
evening frocks when dining at the
restaurant or attending the play, keep
ing her elaborate growns for formal
dinners and the opera. Simplicity
may be the keynote of the times, but
no one need expect mediocrity at this
winter's opera, for formal gowns will
be very beautiful and quite as sump
tuous as ever, and there will be more
to them, for sleeves flimsy and other
wise are fashionable again.
There are two distinct types of the
attractive, yet simple evening dress
one, the plain dress of velvet which
is cut high in the back and low in
the front, while the other an exact
some artificial meins of holding out
Ihj drapery must V considered. But
it is ever so charily used and it would
tahe a wise womr: to know it w&s
tucrc.
One very impor:ant point to bear
in mind is the lines of the coat must
be carefully worked out in connec
tion with those of the skirt. This
may sound amusingly obvious, but it
is surprising how many women think
It possible to wear an "old line" coat
with a new skirt Frankly we tried
this ourselves in the beginning while
we were experimenting but the effect
was all wrong. For example, a pa-
opposite is a soft dress of lace and j tron insisted on having a last win-
1
ever given by nte ennsiea men. ine;Cox Joe Winters, Frank Winters,
latest and best dance melodies werejpaul winters. Mary Marshall. CharU'a
played by. "Prof." Carl Gibson and bis 1 Marshall. Gnev:eve Cook. H.'zel Mar
military Jazz orchestra, and each num- ven -alnh Carlson. Harold Bell, Wil-
ber was the signal for at least three j liam Ho!t Jj0uis Raywood. John Gil
or four encores. j man Frances Daniels. Bert Richards,
Refreshments were served through-1 gneidon Sinclair, John Oosley. Harold
out the evening by a corps of the reg-: wilccx. Raymond Brodie, Helen Clark,
Intents best chefs and micnen po- Helen. Charles and Billie Carnahan.
: 1
Mrs. K. Stewart and Mrs. F. A. Bar-,
lice," and if enjoyment develops ap- j
petites the crowd must have had a i
iiiK. Il was a quiet home wedding !
and cnly the immediate relatives oi j
the couple and a few friends benig ;
prtseiit. The ring ceremony was use 1. j
A wedding dinner was served follow- i
ing the ceremony, and the young cou-1
pie will make their home here.
j
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Poppen have j
returned to this city after a month's j
visit to Lower California and other!
beaches. j
j
Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Dickinson left for j
their home in Tucson, after remaining j
in the Warren district for the last
month. During their visit in Bisbee j
they have made many friends. I
;
Mis. Charles Johnson, wife tf the ;
postmaster at Hereford, is spending
a few days here on a visit to friends.
Miss Kate Odenettl bas returned
from Douglas, where she has been for
she last fe wweeks, and will again
take up her residence in this city.
.Mrs. Ray Krebs and children are
in the city for a few days on a visit
to relatives.
Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Tarbell are in
Tombstone, on a visit to their daue;h-
er, Mrs. Guy weicn. Mr. and Mrs.
Tarhell were pioneer settlers here,
find have been making their home in
Southern California for the last few
Technical Department 'BuUetim
Peerless Motor Car Caw
To All Dealers:
For your information we wish
to advise that in our experiments
and tests here at the factory with
our new eight-cylinder car, w
have been able to secure uniform
ly better results with Standard
Oil Company's Zjrrolenc motor
lubricant than with any other
which we hare used.
Endorsed by Peerless Motor Car Co.
The above letter sent out from the factory to all
Peerless dealers is an unsolicited testimonial to the perfect
lubricating qualities of Zerolene. Less wear, more power,
least carbon deposit because correctly refined from
California asphalt-base crude.
Dealers everywhere and at our service stations.
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
(California)
great time, for hundreds of sand- rows of i)0Kias motored to Bisbee
wiches and gallon afer gallon of icejlagt p, Hn(j while here were the 1 years since they left Cochise county,
cream disappeared during the dance. gUPSt9 or mfs. p. a. McKinney of!
The exchange was patriotically dec-, Qawson mm j Mr. and Mrs. David Truescott left
orated in patriotic colors, and when j j this morning for Murrieta Mineral
the orchestra swung into the strains j Mjg8 Eijth noyer and Jud Porter 1 Hot Springs, California,
of "Home, Sweet Home," the soldiers : were niarrje(i by Justice Hieh at hLs j
returned to their tents, satisfied that;office ast Wednesday evening. The Arizona's Children's Home associa
their friends in this part of the coun-! yolln!! couple will make their home j 'ion will meet at Mrs. Joe Small at
try will not forget them when they ! m BtSDee. I Warren October 10, at 1:30 p. m., and
leave the Naco camp ror "somewnere ; 1 tie comforts at this meeting.
Ail
else sometime." And the civilians ; Mrs. lwrence L. Wbiie and son i invited,
drove back to their homes equally asarrjved ,n this city hlst wet.k from
satisfied that it would be a long time Los Anst.es
ter's coat design made to wear with
one of the latest and most interest
ine bustle skirts. The coat had the
Miss Eva Corral p.nd Ed Wilson,
both of Bisbfe, wore married last
straight lines and the knee length tn-. ehurch by Man,,in ,
nic of last winter The tunic. of,Aftpr thp ceremmy tp cmlple ,eft
course, not only killed all the Brace;!for E, Paso. wliere tney wiH visU for
ful effect of the back drapery, butl wpeks after v.hkh wl,,
apparently cut the wearer s figure In make thejr future home ,n Bigbee
two. It is most vital, therefore, thct 1
every detail.be worked out with the. Leon Hays I
a. a. A nvn AtitllHo 'I'll I J :
greatest 01 ... .. married at the home of the
does not mean that tae coai nius-.
Yon Can't
WalkStraight
If your heels are run over we will put on
a new pair in 10 minutes.
OUR PRICES ARE:
MEN'S HaLF SOLES $1.00
MEN'S HEELS 50c
LADIES' HALF SOLES 90c
LADIES' HEELS 30c
RUBBER HEELS 45c
We have entirely new Factory Equip
ment ?.nrj Competent Skilled Labor.
Our location is in the
ALLEN BLOCK, BACK OF Y. W. C K
We pay return postage on shoes sint
us by maiL
We Handle the Famous
NEOLIN SOLES
Whether you need work done or not we
will be pleased to have you call and let us
show you the class of work we do.
GOODYEAR
SHOE SHOP
(While You Wait)
Ptione 818. Back of Y.W.C.A. Allen Block
have a bustle drapery, if the Skirt ha.
It. or vice versa. In fact, we seldom
make any drapery on the skirt if the
coat bas it
No one can talk of economy of ma
terial with the winter fashions in vie-.
The skirts may be natural. at he. hem
fifty inches is the average width
but they are longer than they were
last winter and there is the drapery
to consider.
Scarfs of velvet plush and kerami
are alternated with fur for emart
wear.
Tans of Angora or Shetland woo!
match sweaters of the same for the
golf links.
Filet collars are unrivaled for trim
ming new blouses.
bride's parents on Oj;era Drive last
week, Rev. W. S. Deatherage officia -
RADIUM
U. S. Government reports show that
80 of nil diseases treated with Radium
were either cured or greatly benefited.
, The Radio-Active Pad positively bilnits
Jrour circulation back to normal by driving
mpurities from the system Most diseases
being caused by poor circulation.
Many testimonials from patients who
nave sufl'ered with Rheumatism, Neuralgia.
Insomnia. Diseases of the N erves, S tomach.
Bowels, Heart, Lungs. B ladder. Kidneys,
Liver, Prostate Gland, Female Complaints
and Sexual Weakness.
We stand back of every appliance sold,
nomatter what your ailment. Endorsed by
physicians. Write today.
RADIUM APPLIANCE COMPANY
:!."7 Bradbury Bid.. Los Angeles. Cal.
The Standard Oilfortfoior Cars.
Low boiling points
the first links in
the continuous
. chaingive easy
starting.
Standard
Oil Company
(California)
jfce CasoSno of QuaOii
ry "W a " " ' V- jt''1 1
.ftt,l
Cr toiria&a'LUri'J
r: --Sliiar'-" ----l-y r'-"-'-" ' ' ;- ' .
Review Want Ads Bring Results
The beaded bags with expensive
frame mountings are exclusive.
For sports wear the Oxford is gen
erally noted.
Many of the new frocks, gowns and
wraps follow the general outline o:
the China woman's costumes.
Gray and flame red are the expect
ed fall combination for millinery.
f -:f I That motorists p. 3
Gray suede ties with hose to match j
are good looking with dark dresses
for Ltreet wear.
The narrow, straight collar topping
the coat lapels and extending low to
the belt line is new.
The slip over suit succeeds the slip
over dress.
The bustle silhouette is being gen
erally accepted for the silk gowns.
Here is a novel idea hand-knitted
callar and cuff sets, to Irim an Ox
ford suit.
Have your knitting bag match
crown of your hat.
the
A black oilcloth knitting bag with
fruit trimmings in dark, fall silks, is
new.
The veil of black thantilly account
for the
ban.
popularity of the beige tur
4
Pi
T:
life
HE leadership of the Firestone Super Cord has been won
solely on construction producing unequaled strength,
durability and flexible action. The body is built of walls
of stout cord. Each cord imbedded in pure fcura, no two cords
ever touching to cause friction. The cushion (which, is under
tread to absorb shocks) is a thick layer of pure &um. The tread
is tou&h and thick. The beads which hold the tire to the rim
are specially reinforced. The side wall is also reinforced, &ivin&
extra strength afeainst rim-cr , and raising bending point safely
hih, Users of Firestone Cord Tires are &ettin& the highest
average mileage enjoyed by car owners.
That motorists
find extra values
in Firestone Tires
is proved by the
fact that otir
sales increased
72 per ce.it this
year up ta Sept.
1st. Our total
business this
year will exceed
$60,000,000.
r?
a, ' v i
J
The slender, dark woman will findj
that a jeweled headdress and Ioim
earrings accentuate her type. Hair!
parted and drawn in simple lines ovrl
the ears is a mode to be followed
when severity is becoming.
To combine two furs is very smart,
which accounts for the caracal coat
trimmed with ermine.
As the browns and autumn go hanu
In hand, what could be nmre appro
priate than a model of chestnut silkj
with panels of velvet uiarteu fur.
at
This
cross section
your dealer's
will show you
the extra mileage
in rirestone
fabric
T
ires
FABRIC
TIRES
3'S inch
actual size
WICK, TOUGH TREAD tfves lonfrr surface wear.
MORE RUBBER BETWEEN LAYERS. AJJci
protection aftainst internal fritica, ftrvutcr resiliency.
THICK CUSHION STOCK. More resiiieiuv. protection
aftainst tread separation and stone bruise. REINFORCE
MENT IN SIDE WALL. Greater stren&tli ct bead. Firestone
dealers will show you cross section of the newts output,
with features that add nu.re miles to Moot Milts per Dollar.
FIRESTONE TIRE AND RUBBER COMPANY
Akron, Ohio Uranihes and .'Valors Everywhere
m
mi
4
mm THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 7, 1917.
nvF
Elaborate Trench System Aids the
First Arizona In Perfecting Its
Introduction to Modern Warfare
(Written for The Review liy Chester
A,. Johns'jn.)
Trench contraction and trench war
fare are no longer unknown quantifies
to Lhe members of the First Arizona
infantry, encamped at Naco. During
the last week the border camp of the
"Fighting First" has been transformed
into a veritable behind-the-hring-line
training camp and the boys in the regi
ment are now drilling daily under con
ditions as near to actual warfare as
can be provided in a sectAm thousands
of miles from the real scene of the gi
gantic conflict that will determine the
fate of democracy and liberty.
Although there have been few- dull
moments at the camp of the First Ari
zona during the last few months, the
training has been even more intensi
fied until, at present, piactically every
minute of the day Is being utilized by
both enlisted men and otlicers to ac
quire as thorough knowledge as pos
sible of every movement, weapon and
condition characterizing the struggle
in Europe, in which the regiment hopes
to become a factor before many more
months roll by. Ask any member of
the camp what national guard regi
ment is the best drilled and has the
best knowledge "jf what I: is going to
"bump up against" In France and he
.will answer: "The First Arizona." And.
if you doubt hi. word, he will invite !
you to watch the Arizona boys drill !
and go through their daily routine. It;
is a safe bet that you will soon agree i
with him, for the regiment is careful-'
ly siudying every angle of modern war-:
fare and is rapidly learning that each!
angle has about a hundred smaller j
angles tacked ont it, and these have j
to be studied just as carefully. j
A New Order.
One "rookie" described the new or
der of training well several days ago j
when he turned to the corporal of his ,
squad and blurted out: "Dawg-gone ;
it, corporal, it takes brains to be a sol- j
dit-r nowadays." He was ripht. Brawn
will help a soldier but brains will help '
him more. And each man in the reg- j
iment is rapidly developing into a fight- i
ing machine that, unlike the German :
soldier, will be able to fight individual
ly should he be in the posit ion where '
he could not communicaie with or re-:
ceive the orders of officers or "non- j
coins" of his c'jmmand. But, of course, :
he is first of all thoroughly schooled j
in the matter of discipline while under
fire, for the soldier of today is not a I
man who carries his rifle and fires at
will, but a wheel in a great, perfected j
war machine that must turn smooJily
w ith every other wheel most of the j
time and yet be able i'j keep on turn
ing should the machinery be torn
apart.
No Man's Land.
As the greatest of all factors in the
present struggle is trench warfare, the
First Arizona has transformed a strip
of land between the railroad tracks,
south of the camp, and the border into
a Flanders battlefield. A complete
trench system hsa been constructed
and, although it is the first the regi
ment has ever dug, it was so carefully
laid out that even the firing trenches
! and outposts cannot be detected from
a few yards. S landing in the area
that constitutes "No man's Land", one
can look in every direction and see
nothing but sage-bush mesquite and
what appears to be a sandy waste. Ad
vancing a short distance, however, one
stumbles into a deep trench. If this
is followed one f the most complete
trench systems ever constructed in
this country for military training is
discovered. And should the signal be
given hundreds of men armed with
rifles, bayonets' bolos, machine guns.
dummy hand grenades and other weap
ons will spring out of the ground as
if, like Topsy, they had "just growed
there," and rush toward an imaginary
enemy as if they had been practicing
trench fighting l'or months.
Ditches and Caves.
To anyone who has never swung a
pick or shovel to any great extent the
trench system at Naco might seem to
be "just a few ditches and caves." But
to the members of the regiment it rep
resents more than hours of labor under
the border sun the first step toward
France. It was only a few days ago
that the entire regiment was marched
out one njrning, evidently for a long
hike. After walking a few minutes,
however, the companies halted. A
wagon loaded with picks and shovels
lumbered into view and a groan went
up from the soldiers. Picks and sh'jv
els in large quantities usually presage
hard work and this turned out to be
true in this case. The soldiers watch
ed the unloading of the wagon with dis
mal looks. But at that time they
didn't know exactly what was going to
happen. Soon they noticed lines of
stakes running in every direction. Of
ficers produced blue prints and scan
ned Uiem. Then there was n doubt
what was in the air.
"Aha:" shouted one of the boys,
"Take off your false whiskers I know
yuh" We're going to dig trenches."
And i hey did. If the richest ore
body in the world had lain under the
surface of that strip of almost desert
r
We Make 'Em Fit"
Mjva km Wffi I
I mil jf u f
P J y
Everybody Welcomes
The Man
who is dressed in style who has his clothes made
to order. He looks well, and why shouldn't he
his Suit or Overcoat is hand tailored to his indivi
dual measure.
Consequently his appearance i3 the best, and men
of good appearance eri- welcomed everywhere.
Have YOUR clothes hand tailored! To be sure
that you get the BEST in hand tailoring let US
tailor your clothes.
B. K MILLARD
LEADING TAILOR
Phone 140
Allen Block
land the soldiers would not have dug
faster. In a few moments each com
pany had been divided In.'o "shifts,"
each squad representing a shift, and
each corporal assuming the duties of a
"shifter." The slogan was "ten min
utes on and twenty minutes off." The
first squads discarding rides for shov
els and picks, attacked the ground and
threw dirt right and left until relieved.
The second squad jumped in and the
work went ahead without a moment's
delay. It was not long before the
"battlefield" began to be chopped up
by trenches and piles of dirt running
in every direction.
Miners At Home.
The soldiers needed little Instruc
tion on how to hurl the dirt aside. Scat
tered through the regiment were
scores of men who, until they felt they
were needed by the nation, had spent
years in the biggest mining camps of
the southwest. Men who had "muck
ed" copper ore in the Warren, Globe
Miami and Clifton-Morenci districts;
men wMj had dug for gold during the
reign of prosperity around Oatman;
men who had drilled and tapped many
of the biggest treasure vaults of Ari
zona and Indian soldiers whose fore
fathers had crudely mined silver and
gold and copper in the early days of
the great west, jumped into the trench
es and quickly demonstrated the prop
er way 'of handling a "muck stick". Af
ter the regiment had worked all morn
ing the trenches began to have a famil
iar look to the soldiers. The next day
the constructoin work was again taken
up and work of building dug-outs, com
munication trenches and quarters tak
en. A few more days and the entire
system was complete.
Camouflage At Naco.
The soldiers then gained their first
experience in "camouflage," the art of
fooling the Germans. Bushes, grass
and flowers were carried in from hun
dreds of yards in every direction and
re-planted between the trenches or pil
ed over the "roofs" of certain portions.
No skilled landscape gardner or florist
was there to direct the work, but when
it was finished every shrub and flow
er appeared perfectly at home in its
new location. The fresh piles of dirt
were leveled down, stakes were re
moved and the little paten of desert
appeared again as uninviting and void
of human habitation as before.
The Trench System.
The trench system offers the best
training possible for the regiment. It
consists of firing, communicating and
defense trenches; hospital and living
quarters and, most interesting of all,
an elaborate system of outposts. In
this class are the machine gun trench
es, listening posts and flarepots. The
machine gun posts are located so as to
completely sweep the outlined posi
tions of the enemy, hidden from view
even at close range and projected by
wide embankments. The listening
posts are located far in front of the fir
ing trenches and connected with them
by other narrow ' trenches. " It is in
these that the "listeners," men with
;he keenest sense of hearing, sit and
listen during the night for any slight
noise that will betray any activities by
the "enemy." Each listening post, in
actual warfare, is connected with ev
ery portion of the trench system by
telephone. In front of the trench sys
tem the soldiers have constructed
barb-wire entanglements and laid out
"trip wires." The latter are small
wires strung between the bushes but a
few inches above the ground. Should
any of the enemy's force manage to get
near the trenches in spite of the list
ening posts, be can hardly help but
strike on of the "trip wires." These,
acting on the principal of burglar
alarms, cause the release of a spring
holding down a "flare pot," of which
several are hidden in fijnt ot the
trenches. The "flare pots" are imme
diately ignited and "No ma i's laud" is
illuminated for 7a seconds or more.
The light from the "flare pots" is
thrown directly toward the eueniy
trenches, giving the defender oppor
tunity to locate and oven fire on any
prowlers.
Other Features.
There are 6corej of other features
vAmnected with the trenches that are
proving of interest and benefit to the
First Arizona. Daily drills are be
coming exciting and losing their iik
sonie features, if there ever were any.
Each company is learning trench war
fare with real trenches to work in and
out of. And, when the regiment geU
to its new training quarters, it is
doubtful if it will encounter any other
national guard 'organization that knows
more about modern warfare.
If there is any person who still be
lieves that the life of a soldier is easy
and tiresome let he or she visit Naco
some morning or afternoon and watch
the boys in action. Each trench is t
feet 6 inches deep and, if all were
stretched out in a straight line they
would Cover a front of 230 yards.
Volunteers.
And, don't forget, the men w ho con
structed those treuches and enjoyed
the work are volunteers they didn't
wait to be drafted.
V. W. OA. Notes
The social and extension committee
of the Y. W. C. A. held their regular
monthly meeting at luncheon Tues
day, October 2. Mrs. J. P. William
son and Miss Moyer acting as host
esses for the occasion. Miss McCur
dy, the new secretary, was present
and the work for the year was pre
sented in outline. Miss McOurdy's
duties will be manifold, strengthen
ing old work and developing lines
that have been neglected. One of the
new features is to be a night class
In English for Mexican women and
girls, meeting twice weekly at the
Y. W.
r
Sunday afternoon last the new song
books were tried out and found thor
oughly satisfactory. The music is
standard and well selected. These
booke are a valuable asset in asso
ciation worship.
Sour Stomach.
East slowly, masticate your food
thoroughly, abstain from meat for a
few days and in most cases the sour
stomach will disappear. If it docs not,
take one of Chamberlain's Tablets im
mediately after supper. Red meats are
most likely to cause sour stomach and
you may find it best to cut them out.
Avertisement.
On Wednesday afternoon the ladies
of the 1 U. B. A. club met together
armed with bundles of clothing for
the French kiddies. The afternoon
was spent in repairing these gar
ments. Although Mrs. Frantzen has
regular work rooms now at Central
school, the group meeting Wednes
days will still continue to bring and
repair clothing for her to send away.
Last week we were said to start
a "military" class soon. This should
have read "millinery." However, we
will have both, as Mr. Kopf, OC the
city schools, will teach the former
and Mrs. Wilson, the latter. Enroll
please.
On Thursday evening the annual re
ception for the teachers of the dis
trict schools was given by the Y. W.
C. A. The blue room is never pret
tier than when filled with a bevy of
young women, as it was at this time.
A short musical program was given
by Misses Helen Treu, Margaret Mc
Conaugby and the male quartette.
consisting of Messrs. Tuell, William
son, Blair and Hooper.
Mrs. Thomas and Mrs. Bryan as
sumed of the refreshments, which
were served from tables beautifully
decorated with nasturtiums.
The membership committee is plan
ning active work again after a vaca
tion of several months. Mrs. C. W.
Allen, our former chairman, has re
signed, as she is spending the winter
in California. Miss Olga Rodenyer
and Mrs. R. L. Allen are new mem
bers just received.
Mrs. Colton, employment secretary.
Is receiving letters of encouragement
and co-operation and there are a num
ber of applicants for work, both do
mestic and clerical. Employers please
notice and call us up when help is
needed.
Girls' Clubs.
On Wednesday evening the Owaissa
Camp Fire and their girl friends, ac
companied by their new guardian.
Miss McCurdy, took -supper at the
top of the Divide, enjoying the sun
set and coming home by moonlight.
The Adawana Camp Fire is rejoic
ing that their guardian, Mrs. Henry
Poppen, has returned from her Taca
tion and is now ready for a new
year of work. .
The Ashante Camp Fire met for
their lesson in knitting on Friday
evening. Mrs. Clague is a cheerful
helper in this.
The Silver Link girls are most loyal
to their club and leader, Mrs. Strat
ton, and have very enjoyable times
at their club meetings. Just now
they are studying Miss Moore's little
book, "A Girl at Her Best," and get
ting much real help from it.
The Lowell girls of Mrs. Bridges Sun
day school class met at her home on
Friday afternoon. Miss McCurdy was
present and talked with them of the
reorganization of their club, but it
has not yet been decided what form
It will take.
Calendar for This Week:
Monday, 2:30 Finance committee
meeting.
Monday, 7:00 Knitting class.
Tuesday, 2:30 Board meeting.
Tuesday, 7:30 Business girls meet
to organize physical work.
Wednesday L. U. B. A. "At Home."
Thursday Owaissa Camp Fire.
Friday Ashante Camp Fire.
Saturday Girls' Day.
Tennis all the time.
MONEY SPECULATION BANNED.
MEXICO CITY. Speculation in tho
paper money issue by the provisional
government before the constitutional
government resumed operations May
1, has been strictly prohibited by a
decree issued by President Carranza.
Violation of this decree may be pun
ished by one year In prison and a
fine of from one hundred to one thou
sand pesos and the confiscation of the
paper money in question.
What You Waste
Will Buy a
LIBERTY BOND
We all spend too much money on "unnecessaries."
The country needs some of the mony you spend on pleasure, which,
though harmless, you CAN manage without.
For your own sake save this money, and put it into a Liberty Bond.
The Bond is as good as a bank account. It is your to borrow on, to
sell, to do as you like with.
Do your duty to yourself and your country by buying a
LIBERTY BOND
Call in, let us answer your questions, and fix up an application for you.
BANK OF BISBEE
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST CO.
MINERS & MERCHANTS BANK
J
FIREMEN KILLED. ,
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5. First j
Assistant Fire Chief Stephen D. Rus-I
sell and another fireman were killed '
and seven other members of the de
partment were injured here late to-,
day by the collapse of a burning
three-story lodging house. Thirty
lodgers were taken from the building i
Just before It fell in. '
IB
utter milk
If you are sickly, try butter
milk. If you are well, keep so
by using buttermilk.
35cPerOallon
(Bring your own retainer).
Pure Milk
Depot
Johnson Bldg. Main Street
Goodyear Shoe Shop
The Goodyear Shoe Repairing Company has de
cided to give the public of the Warren District some
thing that they have not had here before the best of
machinery, best of workmanship, the best of material
for less money.
Men's Half Seles $1.00 Men's Heels 50c
Ladies' Half Soles 90c Ladies' Heels 30c
Rubber Heels 45c
We want you all to come and convince yourselves
that we give you more for your money than you get
anywhere in the State of Arizona.
Goodyear Shoe Shop
Back of Y.W.CA.
Allen Block.
THE DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS
Hll
WATER
HE A TING
EY
GAS
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
The process of heating water 'for domestic purposes has been rev
olutionized in the past few years through the introduction and
perfection of gas fired water heaters, until today it is no longer a
a problem to secure an abundance of hot water quickly and econo
mically, in any dwelling, large or small.
Today, in the countless thousands of homes where gas fired water heaters are in
stalled, an abundance of hot water is available for any purpose. By some types of heat
ers the water is heated instantly at the turn of a faucet, by others, within a few min
utes after lighting the heatei-s, and all without labor, inconvenience or discomfort, md
at a reasonable cost for gas.
LET US SHOW YOU
Bisbee Improvement Co. THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 7, 1917
f Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK FINANCIAL
NEW YORK. Oct 6 The stock
market's turnover today of 240.000
shares was largely restricted to so
called market leaders. G;ins ranging
from large fractions to 21 M points
marked early dealings. In the main
this advantage was lost later.
Steels, oils and related stocks yield
ed one to three points. United States
Steels feel from 10ST6 to 107Vi. Texas
company was weakest, falling 5'i to
149 on relatively large offerings.
Ralls held best, Canadian Pacific
and several low-priced issues, includ
ing coalers, gaining 1 to 1V4 points.
New Ha vine advanced 1.
The bank statement disclosed no
important changes as to actual con
ditions, loans showing an expansion
of 16 000,000, while reserves contract
ed by about $7,000,000, leaving the
total excess well above recent levels.
Bonds were heavy, the Liberty loan
issue holding at 99.72 to 99.78. Total
sales, par value, $1,775,000.
United States coupon 3's advanced
per cent on the week, other issues
remaining unchanged on call.
GRAIN MARKET
CHICAGO. Oct 6. Killing frosts
which visited large sections of the
corn belt last night were regarded by
many traders today as of more benefit
than harm. The effect was to weaken
prices, which, although steady at the
close, were k to lower, at 118
December and 115 to 115 May.
Oats finished to to down,
and provisions up 35 to 75.
The low temperatures appeared
likely to improve the condition' of
corn and facilitate shipment. Reported
increase of country offerings gave fur
ther advantage to the bears, but the
enlargement did not prove sufficient
to render selling aggressive. Rallies
lacked power. A disposition was evi
dent to await the government crop re
port due Monday.
Slackness of export inquiry left the
oats market limp and prices dragged
with corn.
Active demand for provisions con
trasted sharply with the- inert aspect
of grain. Commission house buying
was stimulated.
Clearing House Banks
NEW YORK, Oct. 6. The actual
condition of clearing banks and trust
companies for the week shows that
they hold $S3.9S9,550 reserve in excess
of legal requirements. This is an
increase of $6,977,430 from last week.
Closing Quotations October 6, 1917
(By L. J. Overlock) -NEW
YORK
Anaconda 694
American Can 44
American Car 69
American Locomotive 59
American Smelter 94
American Sugar . 107
Atchison. 96
Baldwin 61
Beth B 80
C. and O 55
F. F. and 1 42
Canadian Pacific 149
Central Leather 83
Crucible 71
Distillers 37Vi
Erie , 20
Goodrich 43
General Motors 95
Industrial Alcohol 134
Marine 26
Marine Pfd 84
Midvale 48
Mexican Petroleum 92
New York Central 75
Northern Pacific 100
Reading 82
Rep Steel 79
Rubber 57 m
Studebaker 43
Steel 107
Steel Pfd... 115
SU Paul 51
Southern Pacific 91
Sinclair 34
Texas 149
Union Pacific 127
U. S. M 57
Westinghouse 44
BOSTON
Adventure 14
AHouez 62
Allouet Commercial 10
Alasza 3
Butte 23 23
C. and A 74
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
Jerome
and
Oatman
Stocks
JACK BUILDING
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
LEASED WIRE
C. and H 520
Chief Range 53
Chino 494
East Butte 10
Granby 77
Goldfield 35
Hancock 12
Indiana 14
Inspiration 49
Kennescott 38
Keweenaw 2
Lake 8
La Salle 3
Miami 33
Mohawk 79
Mayflower 2
Nevada 20
North Butte 15
Nip 7
Old Dominion 43
Osceola 83
Ponk Creek 21
Quincy 81
Ray Con 24 Vi
Shattuck 21 si
Shannon 6
Superior Boston 3
St Marys 68
Utah Copper 88
Utah Con ' 14
Winona 2
CURBS
Arkansas- Arizona . . .
Austin Amazon
Arizona Silver King . . ,
Big Ledge
Butte and London ... .
Calumet and Jerome . .
.... 5
.... 2
14
. ... 2
Cornelia 16
Con Arizona 1
Con Copper Mines I... 8
Curtis 36
Dundee
Emma
Federal Oil '. 3
Gadsden 2
Green Monster
Grand Island 18
Hull 30
Howe Sound 5
Hecla 1 6
Ins
Jerome Verde 1
Jerome Victor
Jerome Portland 60
Magma Copper 45
Magma Chief
Miami Con 6
Magnate
Pitts Jerome
Ray Here 3
Santa Rita 'A
Tom Reed 45
United Eastern 3
Verde Ex 35
Verde Com
West End 65
White Caps 1
Wolverine Arizona 1
Wright Martin 10
NEW YORK. Oct. 6. The market
opened fractionally hgher, but sagged
off toward the close.
Judged by the standards, stocks are
cheap, but until there are more dis
tinct signs of investment buying over
shadowing forced and arbitrary liqui
dation there will no doubt be experi
enced much irregularity. Right now
It looks like the recovery extending
further.
LOGAN & BRYAN.
OATMAN
(By Collins & Bretherton.)
Bid Ask
Adams '. 02 .04
Arizona Rex .25
Ariz-Tom R 03
Gc!i Reed .05
Gold Cliff -15
Lucky Boy 02 .03
Sunnyside 06 .07
Telluride .10
Tom Reed 45 .47
United Eastern 3.87 3.94
United Northern 06 .07
United Western 02
Red Lion -25
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden 2.00 2.06
Green Monster 75 .81
Butte London 14 .15
Dundee SI .87
Venture Hill 10 -13
Pitts-Jerome 62 .87
Jerome Verde 1-37 150
Ark-Arizona 05 .10
Jerome Portland 60 .65
Ins-Needles 06 .18
Hull Copper 30 . .35
Magma Chief 37 .50
Wolv-Arlzona '. 1-50 1.75
Miami Mother Lode -50
Verde Combination 94 1.06
Miami Con 06 .08
Bisbee Copper -z5
Butte Ariz -05
Santa Curs BIsbee -27
Jerome Daisy -50
Nacozari Con O
Verde Apex -1
Arizona Butte -I7
Calumet and Jerome .. ..2:00 2.12
Chamberlain's Cough Remedy the
Most Reliable.
After many years' experience in the
use of it and other cough medicines,
there are many who prefer Chamber
lain's to any other. Mrs. A. C. Kir
stein, Greenville. Ills., writes. "Cham
berlain's Cough Remedy has been used
in my mother's home and mine for
years, and we always found it a quick
cure for colds and bronchial troubles.
We find it to be the most reliable
cough medicine we have used." Adv.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULT8
THIS WOMAN HAD
TO BE LIFTED FROM
TRAIN TO CARRIAGE
"I Never Saw or Heard of
Anything to Equal Tanlac,"
Says Son Gains 15
Pounds and Can Now Walk
Two Miles Without Tiring.
"When my mother, who Is sixty
four years old, came to my home thir
ty days ago, she was so weak I had
to carry her in my arms from the
train to the carriage, but she can now
walk two miles without getting tired,
and this Tanlack has been wnrh nil
of one hundred dollars a bottle to
her," was the remarkable statement
made by A. L. McFather, a well-known
farmer living on R. F. D.. No. 4. Mount
Calm, Texas, while in the Old Corner
Drug Store at Waco, a few days ago.
"For more than fourteen years,"
he continued, "mother suffered from
stomach trouble, and during all that
time she had o live on tlie very light
est things she could get. She couldn't
even drink sweet milk or eat meat of
any kind, and the flimsy things she
did eat oiten caused her terrible suf
fering. She was badiy constipated
and was all the time taking some
thing for that trouble. She was tired
all the time, the least exercipe would
wear her completely out. and all dur
ing the day she had to lay down and
rest. She suffered agony with pains
In her sides and was so nervous and
miserable she could hardly sleep at
all. She took all kinds of medicines
for years, but she kept losing weight
and getting worse nil the time.
"I was alarmed about her when I
met her at the train and found hm
so feeble. I had read and heard so
much about Tanlac I decided for her
to try it md the da she took rer
first dose she welshed oi.ly ninety-six
pounds anl was almost as weak as a
kitten. Well, Tanlac has simply made
a new woman of her. She now weighs
one hundred and eleven pounds and
has actually gained fifteen pounds in
the last thirty days. Koine folks may
doubt it. but it's the plain truth, she
can walk two miles without getting
tired. 1 have never seen or heard of
anything to equal Tanlac. Mother can
eat anything she wants now and a
muvch as she pleases without- the
least trouble afterwards, and she
sleeps as sound as a healthy bahy
every night. She is not the least )it
constipated now and her nerves are
as calm as a lamb. The pains have
entirely left her sides and her strength
and vitality is remarkable. Tanlac
has restored her health in every way.
and 1 want everybody to know what
it is that has relieved her of all those
years of suffering and made a well
woman of her."
'Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball in Douglas by Douglas Drug Co..
in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in Bowie
by Bowie Drug Store, in San Simon
w t n Cnoke. and in Willcox by A.
A. Nicholson, and in Lowell by Lowell
Drug Co."
Croup.
Adv.
If your children arc subject to crrap
get a bottle of Chamberlain's Cough
Remedy, and when the attack comes
on be careful to follow the plain print
ed directions You will be surprised
at the quick relief which it affords.
Avertisement.
FORECASTS CABINET SHAKE-UP.
(By Review Leased. Wire)
AMSTERDAM, Oct. 6 The Catholic
organ, Tijid, says it has been informed
by its Berlin correspondent of a move
ment among the partisans of peace by
agreement to have Dr. Richard von
Kuehlmann. the German foreign.secre
tary. replace George Michaelis as im
perial German chancellor.
LEGAL NOTICES
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF
BOICE GATES JOHNSON CAT
TLE COMPANY.
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRES
ENTS: That we, the undersigned, a major
ity of whom are citizens and residents
of the State of California, have this
day associated together for the pur
pose of forming a corporation under
the laws of the State of California, and
we hereby certify:
T.
That the name of said corporation
shall be Boice Gates Johnson Cattle
Company.
Tl.
That the purpose for which said cor
poration is formed are, to raise, breed,
sell, buy and deal In live stock Of every
kind, and to mortgage or pledge the
same; to acquire real property by pur
chase, lease or otherwise and te hold
reaLproperty for investment purposes:
to plant, subdivide and sell land: to
improve lands held by the corporation
by the ereetton of buildings or other
structures or Improvements thereon:
to plant cultivate and otherwise to
work farm and orchard lands; to de
velop and distribute water: cultivate
and Improve lands of other owners: to
acquire by purchase from any Btate or
territory In the United States, or frOm
the United States, or from the United
States, or by entry under the laws of
any state of the United States, public
: lands: to take an I receive patents
I therefor; to acquire timber lights by
ipnrrhase, lease or otherwise; to mnke
appropriations of water and water
rights and to acquire the same by pur
: chase, lease or otherwise: to own and
main'ain pipe lines for the control of
water, oil or other substances: to buy,
sell and deal in merchandise of all
kinds, including live stock, and to
maintain and operate stock farms,
slaughter houses and packing houses;
to own and Operate stock cars or other
means of transportation; to borrow
and loan money, with or without se
curity; to mortgage or pledge any real
or personal property of the corporation
to secure borrowed moneys or obli
gations of the corporation; to Issue
bonds of the corporation, and to secure
the same by a mortgage or deed in
trust of any part or all of the property
of the corporation, and to execute
mortgages and trust deeds covering
real or personal property of the cor
poration to secure borrowed money,
bonds or loans: to pledge shares Of
the capital stock of the corporation as
security for loans of the corporation;
to buy, sell and deal in, and to hold
for investment purposes, shares 'of the
capital stock of any corporation, in
cluding the capital stock of this corpo
ration: to exchange shares of the capi
tal stock of this corporation 'or bond3
of this corporation for property or for
shares ofstock or bonds of other cor
porations; to organize and control sub
sidiary corporations; to act as finan
cial or managing agent or representa
tive; to do and perform all other
things in connection with the forma
tion and control of other corporations
to the same extent as an individual; to
make, execute and deliver leases, eith
er as lessor or lessee, of any property
belonging to the corporation, and to
act as general manager or broker in
and about the matters and things for
which this corporation is formed; to do
and perform any and all other acts
and things which an individual could
do, and to engage in any business in
which an individual could engage in
furtherance of, or as auxiliary to, or
in connection with or independent of
the purposes aforesaid.
III.
That the place where the principal
business of said corporation is to be
transacted is Los Angeles, Los Ange
les County, State of California.
IV.
That the term for which said corpo
ration is to exist from and after the
date of incorporation is fifty (50)
years.
V.
That the members of directors of
said corporation shall be five, and the
names and residences of those who are
appointed for the first year as as fol
lows: ,
HENRY S. BOICE. 1355 S. El Molino,
Pasadena, California.
! CARROLL W. GATES, 411 Fremont
avenue. South Pasadena, Calif.
EGBERT J. GATES. 1120 Buena Vista
St., South Pasadena, California.
W. D. JOHNSON, Jackson County,
Missouri, Post office address, 921
Live Stock Exchange Building,
Kansas City, .Missouri.
HENRY LEVINSON, 886 N. Andrews
EOulevard, Los Angeles, Calif.
VI.
That the amount of capital stock of
said corporation shall be Two Million
Dollars, ($2,000,000), divided in'.o
Twenty Thousand thares of One Hun
dred Dollars ($100.0C) each.
VII.
That the amount of stock actually
subscribed is Fiv Hundred Collars,
($500.00), and the same has been sub
scribed by the following persons:
Names No. of Shares Amt.
Henry S. Boice
Carroll W. Gates
Egbert J. Gates
W. D. Johnson
Henry Levinson
$100.00
100.00
100.00
100 00
100.00
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hands and seals this
14th day of July, 1917.
HENRY S. BOICE.
CARROLL W. GATES,
HENRY LEVINSON,
EGBERT J. GATES.
W. D. JOHNSON.
State of California, County of Los An
geles, ss.
On the 14th day Of July, 1917, before
me. Jas. S. Lawshe, a notary public in
and for the County of Los Angeles,
State of California, residing therein.
duly commission and sworn, personal
ly appeard Henry S. Boice, Carroll W.
Gates, and Henry Levinson, known to
me to be the persons whose names are
subscribed to the foregoing instrument
and acknowledged to me that they
have executed the same.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have
hereunto set my hand and affixed my
official seal the day and year in this
certificate first above written.
(Notary Seal) JAS. S. LAWSHE.
Notary public in and for the county
County of Los Angeles, State of Cali
fornia. My commission expires, November 19, j
1918.
State of Missouri, County of Jack- i
son, ss.
On the 30th day of July. 1917, before
me, Rufus P. Woodbury, a notary pub-1
lie in and for the County of Jackh'on,
State of Missouri, residing therein, du-1
ly commissioned and sworn, personally
appeared W. D. Johnson, known to me
to be the person whose name Is sub
scribed to the foregoing instrument
and acknowledged to me that he exe
cuted the same.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have
hereunto set my hand and affixed my
official seal, the day and year in this
certificate first above written.
(Notary Seal.)
RUFUS T. WOODBURY.
Notary Public in and for the County
of Jackson, State of Missouri.
' My commission expires, February 19,
! 1921.
i State of California, County of Los An
I geles, ss.
On the 2nd day Of August, 1917, be
j fore me, Jas. S. Lawslie, a no'.ary pub
j lie in and for the County of Los Ange
, les, State of California, residing there
in, duly commissioned and sworn, per
sonally appeared Egbert J. Gates,
known to me to be the person whose
name Is subscribed to the foregoing
instrument, and acknowledged to me
that he executed the same.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have
hereunto set my hand and affixed my
official seal the day and year in this
certificate first above written.
(Notary Seal) JAS. S. LAWSHE,
Notary public In and for the county
County of Los Angeles, State of Cali
fornia. My commission expires, November 13,
1918.
State of California. County of Los An
geh s, ss. No. 20158.
I I. H. J. Lelande. County Clerk and
j ex-officio Clerk of the Superior Court,
('.'j hereby certify the foregoing to be
, a full and correct copy of the original
Articles of Incorporation of Boice
Gates Johnson Cattle Company on file
In my office, and that 1 have carefully
compared the name with the original.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have
hereunto set my hand and affixed the
seal of the Superior Court this 2d day
of August, 1917.
(Official Seal)
H. J. LELANDE,
County Clerk.
By W. C. Watson, Deputy Clerk.
Frank C. Jordan, Secretary of State.
Frank H. Cory.' Deputy.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
Department of State.
I, Frank C. Jordan, Secretary of
State of the State of California, do
hereby certify that I have carefully
compared the annexed copy of Articles
of Incorporation of Boice Gates John
son Cattle Company, with the certi
fied copy of the original now on file
in my office, and that the same is a cor
rect transcript tierefiOm, and of the
whole thereof. I further certify that
this authentication is in due form and
by the proper officer.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have
hereunto set my hand and have caused
the Great Seal of the State of Cali
fornia to be affixed hereto this 4th day
of August. A..D., 1917.
(State Seal)
FRANK C. JORDAN.
Secretary of State.
By Frank H. Cory, Deputy.
AdvertisemenU55
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
I l UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3279.. Serial No.
036113. United States Land Office,
Phoenix, Arizona, August 31, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Alfred
Paul, whose postoffice address Is
Douglas, Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the following named
lode mining claim, situate in the War
ren Mining District, Cochise County,
Arizona :
"Don Miguel No. 7"
Beginning at Corner No. 1 the South
east Corner, whence the Corner to 8eo
tions 25- and 36. Township 23 South.
Range 24 East and Sections 30 and 31.
Township 23 South, Range 25 East, fx.
& S. R. B. & M. bears South 77 12'
West 443.9 feet; thence North 76 05'
West 807.80 feet along line 1-2 Survey
No. 1958 Puzzle lode to Corner NO. 2
the Southwest Corner; thence North
4 43' 30 West 599.20 feet along lines
1-6 and 2-3 of survey No. 1958 Pied
mont and Puzzle lodes, respectively
to Corner No. 3: thence North 58 52'
West 385.80 feet to Corner No. 4;
thence South 76 41' Fast 341.20 feet
along line 4-5, Survey No. 1958 Puzzle
lode to Comer No. 5: thence South 76
05' East 403.90 feet along line 5-S Sur
vey NO. 1958. Puzzle lode to Corner No.
6 the Northeast Corner; thence SOuth
2S 20' East 926.30 feet to Corner No.
1 the place of beginning; containing
a total arear of 10.079 acres. The pre
sumed course of the vein on this claim
Is from the North end center South
28 20' 926.3 feet
The location notice of said claim is
recorded In the office of the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
"Don Migifel No. 7" Book 54 RecOrd
of Mines page 409.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the North "Best or All" lode:
on the South. "Bisbee Queen" lode; on
on the East "Arizona" and "Monte
CarlO" lodes; on the West "Piedmont"
lode.
J. L. IRV1N. Register.
First Pub. Sept. 2. 1917.
Last Pub. Nov. 10, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona .Septem
ber 1, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Jes M.
Jessen. of Bisbee, Arizona, who, on
October 26. 1912, made homestead
entry No. 019669 for SW 1-4 section
34; and on December 26. 1912; made
additional entry No. 020581 for SE
1-4 section 33. Township 23 S. range
24 E. GJt-SRB meridian, has filed
notice of Intention to made three year
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee.
Arizona, on the 12th day of October,
1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James B. Smith of Warren, Arizona,
Richard Cnywood Of Worren. Arizona.
Charles W. Hull, of Don Luis. Arizo
na. George Ropert of Don Luis, Ari
zona. J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Pub. Sept. 6. 1917.
Last Tub. Oct. 12. 1917.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3167
Serial No. 035911
In Connection With Serial No. 028557148 52' West 614.60 reet along lines S-4
United States Land Office, Phoenix.! and 1-5. Survey No. 2244. SOuth Side
Arizona a nd Survey No. 2188. Worren lodes.
1 August 14. 1917 I
i Notice is hereby given that Phelps 1
j Dodge Corporation, whose postofBcej
! address Is Bisbee. Arizona.'has made
application for patent for the follow
ing named lode mining claim, situate
In the Warren Mining District, Co
chise Count, Arizona:
"ZEO"
Beginning at Corner No. 1. the
Southwest Corner whence United
States Mineral Monument No. 4( War
ren Mining District bears South 50
32' 30" West 1992 feet; thence North
13 6' East 88.60 feet to Corner No. 2.
the Northwest Corner; thence South
58 42' East 192.50 feet to Corner No.
3, the Northeast Corner; thence South
13" 6' West 25.00 feet to Corner No.
4. the Southeast Corner: thence North
77 59' West 182.90 feet to Corner
No. 1, the place of beginning; contain
ing a total area of 0.238 acres, express
ly excluding area in conflict with sur
vey No. 3009 "Collins" lode, cT 0.052
acres. The presumed course of the
vein on this claim is from the South
erly end center North 69 4' West
184 6 feet
The location notice of said claim,
upon which this application is based.
Is recorded In the office of the County
Recorder of COchise County, Arizona,
as follows:
"ZEO," Block 41, Records of Mines,
page 393.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the North and East the "Col
lins" Survey No. 2009; on the West
"Arizona No. 4" Survey NO. 2127; and
on the South the "Angel" Survey No.
1119.
J. L. IRWIN.
Register.
First Pub. Aug. 17. 1917.
Last Pub. Oct 24. 1917. 592
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3278. Serial No.
n?K11P llnltat Statoa I mil Office.
Phoenix, Arizona, August 31, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Alfred
Paul, whose post office addrses is
Douglas, Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the following nam
ed lode mining claim, situate In the
Warren Mining District, COchise
County, Arizona:
"Don Miguel No. 6"
Beginning at Corner No. 1. the
Northeast Corner, whence the South
wert Corner of Section 30, Township
23 South, Range 25 East, G. & S. R. B.
& M. bears South 54 04' East 841.8
feet: thence South 51 17' West 600
feet to COrner No. 2, the Southeast
Corner;' thence North 58 56' West
1500 feet to Corner No. 3, the South
west Corner; thence North 51 17'
East 600 feet to Corner No. 4 ' the
Northwest Comer; thence South 5S
56' East 1500 feet to Comer NO. 1, the
place of beginning: containing a total
area of 19.388 acres. The presumed i Snuthwert Comer: thence North 51
course of the vein en this claim Isl7' East 500 feet to Comer No. 5. the
from the East and center North 58 Northwest Comer: thence South 56
56' West 1500 feet 55' Fast 1500 feet to Comer No. 1.
The location notice of said claim Is, the place of beeinning: cOntalning-a
recorded In the office Of the County j total area of 18.913 acres, exoresslv er
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,; chiding area In conflict with Survey
as follows: I No. 2172 Lena lode of 0.043 acres. The
"Don Miguel No. 6" Book 54, Record i presumed course of the rein on this
of Mines, page 408; claim Is from the East end center
The names of the adjoining claims North 56 55' West 1500 feet
are: On the NOrth, the "Gold mil "Don Miguel No. 5."
Mine" lode: on the South "Razzlej Beginning at Comer No. 1. the
Dazzle" lode: on the East "Piedmont"
lode: on the West "Ocatea" and "Mas
cot" lodes.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Pub. Sept 6. 1917. v
Last Pub. Nov. 10, 1917.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3277. 6erlal No.
036120. United States Land Office.
Phoenix, Arizona, August 31, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Alfred
Paul, whose post OfHce address is j ;i85. Marquette 1 lode and Survey No.
Douglas. Arizona, has made appliea-j 2244. Bisbee Queen No. 3 lode respec
tlon for patent for the following I tively. to COrner No. 4. the Northwest
named lode mining claims, situate In; comer: thence South 87" 11' Fast
the Warren Mining District Cochise- H7.10 feet to Comer No. 5. the North-
County. Arizona
"Don Miguel"
Beginning at Comer NO. 1. the
Southeast Comer, whence the West
quarter Comer of Section 30. Town
ship 23. South. Range 25 East G. ft S.
R. B. & M. hears South 85 36' Fasti
4941.1 feet: thence North 69 39' West j
1500 feet along lines 1-5 and 2-3 Sur-1
vey No. 2244. South Side and Gold Hill
lodes, respectively, to Comer NO. 2.
the Southwest Comer: thence North
32 25' East 467.50 feet to Comer No.
3: thence South 6S 46' Fast 664."0
feet along line 3-2 and 4-5 Survey No.
1781 Cave lode and Survey No. 2244
Gold Hill lode, respectively to COrner
No. 4; thence North 43 52' East
163.20 feet along lines 2-1 and 5-6 of!
Survey No. 1781. Cave lode and Sur-
vey N o. 2244. Gold Hill lode, respec-
tlvely. to Comer No. 5: thence South
69 38' 30" East 654.30 feet along
lines 3-2 and 6-1 Survey NO. 1953 Bryen
lode and Survey No. 2244 Gold Hill i
lode. respectively, to Comer No. 6. the
Northeast Comer; thence Somth 4
49' East 236.40 feet to Comer No. 7:
thence South 32 25' West 391.20 feet
to Comer No. 1. the plaee Of the be
ginning containing a total area of
17.917 acres. The presumed course of; are: On the north the "Cave." "Bel
the vein on this claim is from the! tie Mary" and "Mascot" lodes; on
West end center South 69 39' East the South. "Fd'.th.' "Lena." "Marquette
1500 feet. 1." "COra." "Bangor." "Buffalo." "Cir-
"Pon Miguel No. 1" - cus" and "Warren- lodes; on the Fast
Beginning at Comer No. 1. the "Little Elsie." "Little Mary" and
Northeast Comer, whence the West j
quarter Comer of Section 30. Town-1
ship 23 South. Range 25 East G. S.
R. B. & M. bears south 85 37' East
4935.1 feet; thence SOuth 32 2f-'
I West 584 feet to Corner No. 2. the
I Southeast Corner; thence North 69
I 52' West 88C feet to Corner No. 3.
j Identical with Corner No. 3 Survey No.
2244 South Side lode; thence North
respectively, to Corner No. 4. the
Southwest Corner; thence North 32
25' East 364.40 feet to Corner No. 5.
tn Northwest Corner: thence South
69 39' East 1506.40 feet to COrner
No. 1, the place of beginning: contain
ing a total area of 18.277 acres. Ex
pressly excluding area In conflict
with Survey No. 1917, Bangor Lode of
0. 123 acres. The presumed course of
the vein on this claim Is from the East
end center North 68 26' West 1493.S
fet
"Don Miguel NO. 2."
Beginning at Corner No. 1. the
Northeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30. Town
ship 23 South. Range 25 East G. ft S.
R. B. & M. bears South 84 21 30"
Fast 425 feet: thence South 32 23'
West 974.10 feet to Corner No. 2. the
Southeast Corner: thence NOrth 59
48' West 581.40 feet to Corner No. 3.
the Southwest Corner: thence North
32 25' East 974..10 feet to Corner No.
4. the Northwest Corner; thence
South 59 48' East 581.40 feet to Cor
ner No. 1, the nlace Of beginning: con
taining a total area of 12.992 acres.
Expressly excluding area in conflict
with Don Miguel No. 1 lode of this sur
vey, of 0.0S4 acres, and Survey No.
2019 Little Manr lode of 2.527 acres,
and Don Mifroel No. 4 lode of this sur
vey of 0.86S acree. The presumed
course of the vein on this claim is
from the North end center South 32
25' West 974.1 Teet
"Don MIenel No. 3"
Beglnnlng at Corner No. 1. the
Southeast Corner, whence te Wert
anarter Corner of Section 30. Town
shin 23 South. Range 2S Fast O. 8.
R. B. M. bears South 82 16' Fart
406.1 feet: thence NOrth 59 48' West
176.80 feet to Corner No. 2. the South
west Corner: thence North 4 49'
West 906.80 feet to Comer No. 3. the
Northwest Comer: thence South 59"
-8' Fast 176 80 fee? to Comer No. 4.
the Northeast Comer:: thence SOnth
4 49' Fast oos.SO feet to Comer No.
1. the place of r-eglnninr: containing
a total area of 3.014 seres. Expressly
erelndlns area In conflict with Snrve-r
Vo. 1r,3 Rrven lode prelusive of its
conflict with Surev No. 2244 B1he
Onen No. 2 lode Of 1.403 acres. The
presumed course of the vein on this
claim Is from the North end center
South 4 49' Fast 906.8 feet.
"Don Miguel No. 4.
Reeinnlng at Comer No. 1, the
Northeast Comer, whence the West
onsrter Comer of Section 30. TOwn
shlo 23 Sonth. Ranee 75 Fast C S.
F. B ft M. bears North 75 35 Fast
S34.5 feet: thence South 51 17
West 631.60 feet to Comer No. 2. the
Southeast Comer: thence North S3
22' West 101820 feet along line 2 3.
Purvey No. 2244. Bisbee Oueen lode to
i Comer NO. 3: thence North 48
56'
the
West 447 feet to Comer No. 4.
Southeast Comer, whence the West
onarter Comer of Section 30. Town
ship 23 South .Ranee 25 Fast G. S.
R. B. ft M. bears North 70 23 Fast
3814 8 feet: thence North 87 11' West
148.90 feet to Comer No. 2. the South
west Comer: thence North 60 11
West 16.50 feet along lines 16 and 2 3
Survey No. 21 S6 Marqnette No. 1 TOde
and Survey No. 2244 Bisbee Queen No.
3 lode respectively, to Comer No. 3:
thence North 48 56' West 1001.00 feet
I along lines 5-5 and 3-4. Survey No.
east Comer: thence South 48 56'
Fast 915.30 feet along line 5-6 Survey
No. 224 4 Bisbee 5ueen No. 3 lode to
Corner No. 6: thence SOuth 56 55
East 120.10 fet along line 61 Surrey
No. 2244 Bisbee Quen No. 3 lode to
Comer Ne. 1. the place of beginning:
containing a total area of 1 849 acres.
expressly excluding area In conflict
with Don Miguel No. 4 Of this survey
of 0.827 acres. The presumed course
of the vein on this claim Is from the
South end center North 48 56' West
1013.1 feet.
The locations notices of said claims
are recorded in the cilice of th? Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise County. Art-
zona, as follows:
"Don Miguel." Book 54 Record of
Mines, page 402:
"Don Miguel NO. 1." Book 54 Kce-
ord of Mines, page 403:
-Don Mjeuel No 2." Book 54. Record
of Mines, page 404;
' Don Miguel No. 3." Book 54, Reo
ord of Mines, pace 405:
Don Miguel NO. 4." Book 54. Rec
ord of Mines, page 406:
"Don Miguel No. 5." Book 54. Rec
ord of Mines. rR 07:
The names of the adjoining claims
"Ocatea" lodes; on the West
Chance" lode.
Last
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication. Sept 23. 1917
Last Publication. November 30, 1917.