r
,
i
MARKETS.
NEW YORK CITY
Average Price of Cop
per for week ending
September 12, 25.83.
VOL. 20. No. 155.
nrmiAuo nr iiirnnnr nil
uLltl'Irlnd IAI
SECTOR; ALLIED ARM I ES ARE
WAITING ENEMY'S ASSAULTS
(By Review Leased Wire)
While l'or the moment there are no
infantry operation of great magnitude
in progress on any of the battle front.
Indications are not wanting that short
ly the Cambral sector In France and
the northern line In the Italian theater
will again witness titanic struggles,
with the Austi'o-Hungarlans and the
Germans theaggressors.
Already the Germans-ln the Cam
bral region have brought up. rein
forcements, with the object M blotting
out the sflient driven Into their line by
General Byng's intrepid dash, a small
. portion of which they have . recon
quered, but at a fearful price.
Waiting Assaults
In Italy, along the Sette Commit and
the Asiago plateau, enemy guns of all
calibres have opened fire on the Ital
ian positions and several hill positions
have been captured in small attacks.
Poth before Cambrai and in the Ital
ian region the allied armies are
awaiting with complacency the enemy
assaults.
While near Cambrai it is conceded
that ibe British will be forced by rea
son of the dangerous salient held by
the enemy in their line to somewhat
straighten out their front optimism is
BYnMauri that nn tna vhnlft flpnprnt
ex pressed that on the whole Genera:
Byng's forces will be able to give a
gi'od accounting tor any attacks the
enemy may launch.
Italian Forces Strengthened
Likewise the menace of a dash by
the Austro-Germans out upon the
plains of Venetia has been provided
for by the reinforcement of the Ital
ians with British and French troops
and guns. If Field Marshal von Hoet
zendorf, commander of the enemy
troops should be able to breach the
line and gain bis objective, it will be
only after one of the most sanguinary
encounters of the war.
In Mesopotamia the British and Rus
sian trc'ops have carried out a success
ful operation against the Turks, but
just where, has not been stated. This
has significance, inasmuch as it is the
first report of the fighting of the Rus
sians with the British in this region
since they formed a junction after
the British captured Bagdad.
Rumania Denies Peace
Although a British official announce
ment characterizes as a ' shameful j
statement" the reports from Berlin
and Vienna that Rumania has propos
ed to enter into negotiations for an
armistice with the Teutonic allies,
both Berlin and Vienna reiterate that
negotiations are in progress.
Submarines or mines were, respon
sible for the sinking last week of six
teen British merchantmen of tnore
than 1600 tons each, as compared
with fourteen the previous week. Only
one vessel under 1600 tons was sent
IV the bottom, however, as compared
with seven the preceding week.
Loyalty Leaguers
Do Not Oppose
Any But Aliens
(By Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX, Dec. 5. A message ad
dressed to Governor Thomas E. Camp-
bell from Miles Merrill of Bisbee. p res-
ident of the Loyalty League of Amer-
ica, today asks that the governor and
defense councils be advised that the)
loyalty leagues of this and other niin -
! ing- states do not oppose the empoy- j
ment of any Americans except those ;
who have been guilty of treasonable I
acts, and maintain the position that
Inquiry to determine the character of
strangers applying for employment un
der existing conditions in the impor
tant war industry represented by cop
per, is essential to the nati'on'j busi
ness interests.
If there is a law that can b conr
s trued as contrary to such procedure
in Arizona, the loyalty league declares
a wish to proceed immediately with
hearing in the courts to establish con-1
constitutionality. . I
It is cited that the Globe-Miami dig-!
trict, from which complaints have
been made as to non-employraeuc ' oi
foreigners, the men out of empi'ovment I
are mainly Austrians. whose loyalty to j
the United States has been questioned
and among whom are many who will
be subject to Immediate federal action
stria. It Is also citedtalaoodluoro '
under declaration of war with Au
stria. It is also cited that pro Ger
man propaganda has been furthered
unceasingly by these and their -ympa-thlzers
through resolutions such as re
cently were sent from Globe and
through inflammatory anti-American
publications conducted In thU and
other mining states.
INTERNED OFFICER
SURRENDERS TO GOVERNMENT
(By Review Leased Wire)
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M.. Dec. 5.
P. Hentschel, an interned German
l:aval olficer, today surrendered at the: The city duma was declared dissolved
United States marshal's office here.! today. New elections have been call
saying he had violated his iarole by j ed for December ninth,
leaving the zone about the Catletts- The Utro, formerly the Novo Vrem
bnrg Ky ) internment camp, in which, T. says that Siberia has declar-d a
he was allowed freedom of movement) separate government with headquart
He was placed in Jail to await In-i rs at Tomsk, and that it has the
mictions from Washington. 1 upport of the Siberian troops.
unn Ri
I'lDItHI
Mexican Trouble
Political Move
Villa Claims .
(By Review Leased Wire)
EL PASO, Tex, Dec. 5 An agent
of Francisco Villa, who arrived here
I'jnigbt from Villa's camp in the field
in northern Mexico announced Villa
has issued orders to all of his com
manders and officers that all ' for
eigner? were to be treated with con
sideration and were to be given guar
antees for lives and property.
The Villa agent said Villa was anx
ious to gain the good will of the
United States, and if possible to have
his new "government recognized later
as a political revolution. The Agent"
declared that Felix Diaz, Emiliano
Zapata, Canuto Reyes. Juan Almazan,
Manuel Palaez and other chiefs were
enlisted in the movement and added
that all recognize Vlila as commander
1 . ... m: . . ......
i ill cmei. l? cuuiiruiou uie rrpuri mat
. riplppafpa nf 7.anata. Apuilar and other!
fsoutnern chieftains met Villa at j
' . . . . .,.. - . !
ujinaga wnen me vma rorces capiur-
ed the town.
Villa I Resting
"Villa and his personal ctmimand
bave retired to the mountains for a
month's rest," the agent Bald. In the
meantime, Martin Lopez will continue
his raids like the one made recently
at Laguna and will harass tne fed
eral columns. After a month's rest
Villa plans to begin a northern cam
paign starting with Santa Rosalia,
Jiminez, Chihuahua City and finally
Juarez in co-operation with Canto
Reyes, the Feliz Diaz commander in
the north now 'operating around Tor
reon.
"Miguel Diaz Lombardo, Villa's
i representative in Washington, is ex
pected to visit him in the field before
this campaign . begins and to discuss
the diplomatic side of the movement
with him, '.
"Villa has promised to retiie from
command of the conventionist forces
! if the movement triumphs and will in
sist that a civilian and not an army
ofticer be chosen president. He wants
onlv a government for the neonle una
by the people," the agent concluded.
Is Short of Ammunition
Villa had 1000 men at Ojinaga. he
said; 1600 reinforcement at the Mai
joma ranch, and 400 without arms. He
said Villa was short of ammunition,
the men having less than five cart
ridges each. '
To Deport Plotters
Political agitators and plotters
against the - established government
will be depor.ed from Chihuahua city
to the United States by a decree sim
ilar to that issued in Mexico city de
porting a number of former Clentlfico
leaders. This 'was made known
tonight by passengers who arrived
from tho capital city.
Four prominent business men of
Chihuahua city . were recently re
leased fronj prison there after being
held incommunicado for two days, and
their political activities investigated.
Others were said to be under surveil
lance and a deportation of all who
were found to be Implicated in the so-
called new movement headed by Felix
Diaz, Villa, Almazan and Zapata,
German Propaganda
All pro-German propaganda haa
been 'ordered stopped in Chihuahua
city since the arrival of General
Francisco Murguia, these passengers
lo edited. German merchants had
been posting bulletins and niabs show
Ing German victories and these were
ordered taken down.
Ranchers and other refugees from
El Valle, Namiquia and.Sau Antonio
districts of western Chihuahua have
arrived in Casas Grandes with their
families in anticipation of the in
vasion of the country by Villa forces.
A strong Villa column was renorted
tonight to have been seen moving in
the direction of El Valle from Santa
Clara canyon. Federal cavalry were
also reported to be in pursuit,
miM-401.
HUNGARIAN DOES NOT
TRUST THE BOLSHEVIKI
(By Review Leased Wire)
BERNE. Count Karolyia. the Hun
garian delegate to the recent peace
conference at Berne, is quoted in the
Journal la Suisse as saying:
"The Russian demands for peace
are difficult to deal with, as there Is
no real representative of the nation.
T hesjtuation is so obscure. Yester
day, erensky; today, Lenine; tomor
row who? Even If an armistice were
concluded it would still be a long way
to peace."
PETROGRAD DUMA IS
DISSOLVED, TO HOLD ELECTION
fBy Review Leased Wire)
PETROGRAD. Nov 30. (By Mail.)
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, .THURSDAY
Hlz 1
4) y'..
Sheriff Harry Wheeler Delivers
Stirring Address at Meeting
Of Warren District Citizens
"My mother (the U. S. A.) has ! morning or July 12, who are entitled i land of his birth meant no more to
spanked me (refused a commission In j to more honor than I; who did more him than that dung hill out there and
the army) but she has fed and clothed i than I that day for the district and I he pointed to a heap outside the Jail
me and I rest upon her bosom, and I ! our home fires. I merely did my duty. window. I do not hate Embree. But
love her with all my heart and j I couldn't shirk. You could. But you j I hato his principles. He is honest
strength and soul." declared Sheriff , didn't! i in them. He believes them. He and
Harry Wheeler last night at the ban-! "President Wilson's commission re- his kind ought to be deported further
quet given In his honor by the Com- i ported to him things about this dis-, than New Mexico. They ought to be
merclal club. And three hundred of! trict and the deportation of the wob- sent to an island of the sea where they
the leading citizens of the Warrer j biles that were not true. You know . could set up a kingdom of their own.
District, sitting at the tables, cheered j it. and I know it. We all know it well. ' The hyenas would howl over that
him again and again. -This report did not give the. exact : kingdom in six months.
The little sheriff made a great j conditions in this district the day be- "I started out by speaking or be
speeth. As is his custom, he did not ; fore we took the upper hand and beat ! ing spanked by jny mother, the U. S.
mlncn words, but sDoke as he shoots, i them to it. A man with a German i A. And that reminds me of how I
straight to the mark. "I have been :
feeling bad," he said, "about the fail- j
ure to realise my life ambition and ,
fight for my country. I was depressed
an.1 AiKnrroA Hut vhen f mmA hr. i
tonight and received your grand wel-ilt
come and heard your kind words, I
was thrilled with the feeling that 1
have done some small bit for my eoun -
try after all. Your reception makes'
me believe that my mother loves me
still.
"But, my friends, you pay me too !
much honor In this matter. There ;
were scores or men in that drive the
Metal Producers
Protest Against
"PyIOO TlYltlft ky t,,e niinig organizations of the re
X I lt J. lmlliy , speetive states represented at the
- conference and other western states
(By Review Leased Wire) ; wju De invited to take similar action.
SALT LAKE CITY. Dec. 5. A vig-j The committee is to make its head
orous protest against government1 quarters at the quarters of the Ameri-
prlce fixing for other than patriotic
reasons, and an appeal to congress for, McAdoo t tne c,oge of ,he coaf.
correction of Inequalities In the ex-'ene'e setting forth briefly the action
cess profits tax law. were embodied taken by the convention, and advis
in resolutions unanimously adopted ng nm that the committee would be
today 'by metal producers irom Bix;m Washington December 1 to dis
western states in conference here. .
After some consideration by special!
committees and limited discussion on '
the floor the convention voted to take!
no action with reference to lead and!
zinc until such time as the govern-
ment attitude Indicated ttct the fixing!
of the prices of these products wasi
under consideration. The sense or
. l. . ... .!... ahnnl.1 ullnh on
l" """'"":""," ,m rector of St. John's Epixpocal church,
occasion arise, the convention oul1. v
favor action similar to that recom- "'ajor commanding the Globe home
mended in the resolution bearing on) guards, one of the organizers of the
the silver question. I Globe Loyalty league and former
The convention voted to form a' chaplain with the United States army
permanent committee composed of. under Pershing in Mexico, was or
two or more delegates from each dained to the priesthood here today.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire
name, the secretary to the secretary
of that commission, was outspoken
and offensive in his unriendliness to
us while the honorable commission
wfia hprp Hp u-rntp that rpnnrt and
was tinged and poisoned with his
j veno-n. His name is not exactly
1 'Frankfurter but it is something like
! that.
"Embree. the I. AV. W. leader, who
j was acquitted in Tucson the other day
because we could not connect him di-1
rectly with attempting to incite a riot. ,
told me while he was in jail that he j
had no country. He said that tills I
western state interested in the metal
industry to present the metal pro
ducers' case before the proper au
thorities in Washington December H.
The delegates ar eto be appointed
can mining congress at Washington.
CU88 the matter fully.
FIGHTING PARSON IS
ADMITTED TO PRIESTHOOD
(By Review Leased Wire
GLOBE. Dec. 5. Rev. K. M. John
I son. known as the fichtlng parson,
Service.
MORNING, DECEMBER 6,
once received the spanking of my lite
at the hands of my own dear mother.
I have a younger brohtre. He Is in
France now. (The guests cheered, and
cheered again. ) Well, every time he got
! into trouble oyer some boyish prank
and mother started to spank him he
, would come forward with the most
penitent air and take orr his little
jacket and roll his eyes and plead in
a plaintive voice as he leaned over
io laice nis meaicine. aiio moiutr
would forgive him every time. But I
always got a licking. One time, when
I was booked for punlshmeut. my
British Line in
Cambrai Held by
Strong Forces
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY IX
FRANCE, Dec. 5. There is no indica
tion that General von Der Marwitz's
great offensive has been abandoned,
and' the presence of further fresh in
'rautry divisions In the Cambrai tre.i
shows that the enemy has not yet
lost hope or inflicting a sharp defeat
nn tho nritlxh The llritlsh lino iinx
) In vai-v fitrnnplv lipid and ran with
stand any sledge-hammer pressure
and the anxiety-jthe natural effect of
the first two dayfonslaught has been
followed by a feeling or cheerfulness
and complete confidence.
The number or British batteries has
been greatly increased and their ac
curate shelling or the enemy's strong
artillery gi'jups eal of the Scheldt
lias effectively reduced their activity.
The British airmen in clear weather
continue to dominate completely the
German aircraft and bomb marching!
Infantry and towns which have become
new rail beads.
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY IN
1917.
brother suggested to me that I adopt
his style of tactics. I did. even to the
point ot leaning over to take my medi
cine. But it did not work. Mother
laid or. with a vengeance. And 15
minutes later I walloped that kid
brother in the back yard, and when
fathr came home he whipped me
again.
"And now, my friends, 1 want you
all to stand up and pay tribute in sil
ence for a moment to the first Amerl-
can soldier killed in France.
The assembled guests rose as one
man and stood before the speaker for
a long minute and one could have
heard a pin drop In the banquet room.
"I thank you, gentlemen," said
Captain Wheeler with deep earnest
ness, and took his seat. The band
clapping and cheers that followed
them made the country club ring.
Harry Wheeler never showed to
greater advantage than he did last
night facing his friends who had gath
ered to honor him. One of the most
modest men that ever lived, he faced
the praise and the cheers with a
downcast glance. But when they made
him to get up an speak, he stood upon
his feet find looked the throng in the
face tod spoke from his heart. He
said the right thing .in the right way.
Modest for himself, he was a lion for
the cause for which this -district
stands His intense patriotism blazed
out tiufe and again during his talk.
"D n a man that is not patriotic!"
he declared. Referring again to the
doctored report made to the president
of the United States about our defense
cf our city, he stated that the trial or
Embree at Tucson brought out many
thing in connection with the strike
and the men behind it that branded and 'o bring the conflict to a success
them as disloyal traitors. He told orirul termination, all the resources of
the testimony of a Mexican who de-
clared that the strike leaders told him
that it was to his best interest for the
United States to be beaten by Ger
many. And that testimony is down
in black and white." said Captain j
Wheeler, "and it will be forwarded
to Washington to stand against the
Frankfurter report."
The attendance at the banquet over
Whelmed the committee on arrange
ments and there were not enough
places for the guests at the long
tables. It was a splendid gathering
of high class, patriotic business men
and workers and professional men or
the district. All were strong still ih
the faith, and they had gathered there
t-v - .hntr fhA man w-h V Q H Inrf
them and failed not. Just how they;"' " s understood to be the
felt about it. -
Dr. N. C. Bledsoe acted as toast
master and introduced Professor T.
i W. Dyches of St. David as the rirst
: speaker. The St. David school master
; paid a high tribute to Captain Wheel
i er and his great work in time or a cris
; is and then spoke at length on patriot
I ism and the trend of the world to de-
..1 (UTQ I- V
The music during the banquet wasj only one member. Representative Mil
. most nleasin feature. Several f Minnesota, who recently return-
stunts were (prilled after the
speeches. It was one grand success,
this Wheeler banquet, and the modest
sheriff and bis loyal and admiring
, friends had a jim dandy time together.
FRANCE. Dec. 5. The Germans to
day still were inactive along the most
of the new battle front. Fighting was
in progress around a fortiried rarm
north or Havlncourt. after an enemy
attack in the morning, but no 'other of
fensive developed against the British
line up to noon.
There has been rumors or an at
tack south or Marcoing. but it did not
materialize: it is possible it has been
postponed because or the heavy cas
ualties suffered by Von Hindenburg's
forces Monday.
The Germans doubtless h'ope to push
back the British line and recapture the
front between La Vacquerie and Mar
coing. The sharp salient which Gen
eral Gyng is holding about Bourlon
wood has given rise to interesting
military problems. The British have
held this line against repeated heavy
attacks, but there Is no gainsaying the
fact that It is a difficult position to
maintain and it is considered that the
Pritish front would be considerably
stronger without it.
RETIRED ADMIRAL DIES
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Rear Admiral C.
Curtis Rogers. V. S. N.. retired, died j
Wednesday. He was 69 years old.
WEATHER.
Thursday and Friday,
fair; nut much change
In temperature.
PRICE nVE CENTS
LOWER HOUSE
APPROVES OF
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON", Dec. 5. Congress
cleared the way today for prompt re
sponse to President Wilson's call for
a declaration of war with Austria
Hungary. A Joint resolution, approv
ed by the president and the state de
partment declaring existence of a
state f war between the Unfted
States and the Austro-Hungarian gov
ernment from today noon, was intro
duce! in the house and unanimously
approved by the foreign affairs com
mittee. It will be reported tomorrow
j for beginning of house debate on, Fri-
, day, with final action in the senate
late this week or early next week,
prcbably.
Conforming to the president's rec
ommendations, the resolution, which
authorizes and directs employment of
the nation's armed forces against Aus
tria and pledges the countrysTesources
to victory, applies to Austria alone.
Germany's other allies, Turkey and
Bulgaria, are not mentioned.
No Dissenting Vote.
As perfected by the house commit
tee and ordered reported without a
dissenting vote, the resolution reads
as follows:
"Whereas, the Imperial and royaI
! Austro-Hungarian government ha sev-
i ered diplomatic relations with the gov-
eminent of the United States of Amer
ica, and has committed acts of war
against the government and the peo
ple of the United tSates of America
among which are its adherence to the
policy of ruthless submarine warfare
adopted by its ally, the imperial Ger
man government, with whiih the Uni
ted tSates of America is at war, and
by giving to its ally active support
and bid on both land and sea in .the
prosecution of war against the govern
ment and the peoples of the United
States of America, therefore, be it
"RESOLVED, by the senate and
house of representatives ot the United
States of America in the congress as
sembled, that a state of war be and
is hereby declared to exist and to have
existed since noon of the fifth day of
December. 1917, between the United
States of in erica and the imperial
and i oyal AoPtro-Hungarian govern
ment; and that 'the president be. and
he is hereby, authorized and directed
to employ the entire naval and mili
tary forces of the United tSates and
the resources or the government to
j carry on war against the imperial and
royal Austro-Hungarian government.
the country are hereby pledged by
the congress of the United tSates."
eSnate to Consider.
The senate foreign relations commit
tee will consider the resolution infor-
mally tomorrow morning urn J Chair-
roan Stone expect? the committee to
report to the senate when it recon
venes Friday. The senate may on
Friday begin consideration simultan
eously with the house.
Although sentiment remains strong
in both branches of congress to have
the war declaration extended to
Turkey and Bulgaria, approval or the
resolution as it now stands is regard
ed as virtually certain.
Senator Stone and Representative
Flood conferred with Secretary Lans-
secretary's conviction that no circum
stance yet warrants action against
Turkey and Bulgaria. Some officials
still are said to hope that German
domination of her lesser tools may yet
be broken.
The arguments were so persuasive
that in the two hours deliberations
today of the h,ouse foreign rffairs com
mittee on the Austrian war resolution
ed irom the western European war
theater, voted ror hi3 proposal to In
clude Turkey and Bulgaria In the reso
lution. On the final vote he joined
with all others present in approving
the Austriandocument.
The principle debate an! strangest
demand for addition of Turkey and
Bulgaria to the nation's formal foes,
is expected in the senate. One day's
debate is expected to suffice In the
house. Passage cf the resolution by
an overwhelming vote before adjourn
ment of the house Friday is expected.
RUMANIA WILL NOT
MAKE SEPARATE PEACE
(By Review Leased wire
A PACIFIC PORT. Dec. 5. A mes
sage from ing Ferdinand of Rumania
declaraing his country would never
make a separate peace is being carried
to President Wilson by members of
the American Red Cross mission to
Rumania, which landed at a Pacific
port yesterday, acocrding to a state
ment here tonight by Lieut. Frank
Connes, interpreter for the mission.
ANARCHISTS QUIT THE
x BOLSHEVIGI REGIME
(Rv Review Leased Wire)
W A SH IXGTO N. Kropatkine.
known as the father of anarchists, and
Maxim "Corky, radical, have formally
declared against the Bolshevik! gov
ernment in Russia. Extract from
published articles by them reached
Washington today.
MOTS PUN THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 6, 1917. .
TWO
BRITISH MINISTER
DENIES REPORT OF
.THE EOLSiiEVIKI
. o fmany exciting episodes related in
' connection with the Oambral fighting
(By Review Leased Wire.) , wa3 that inlying 50 American, and
LOXDOX. The secret communica-. Canadian engineers, together with
tion published by the Bolshevikl gov- some British lighting troops. These
ernment at Tetrograd were the sub- men were cut oft in the general turn
Ject of a number of questions in the ing movement near Gouzeaucourt and
house of commons reecntly to which i -ere taken prisoner. A German es
Lord Robert Cecil, minister of block- Cort of 20 soldiers or more started
ade. replied. He said: with them along the riad leading from
"Xo definite proposal was made for Gouzeaucourt to CambaL As they
the taking over by Great Britain of a ! were proceeding disconsolately to
neutral sone In, Persia, although Great; ward ihe zone or the German prison
Britain had' signified' to Russia that 1 cages they came upon. a small body of
revision of -tike Ar.glc-Russian treaty ! English troops who had al30 been cut
in the seuye indicated should be a mat-j off from their comrades and were
ter for eventual discussion by the gov-, wandering about,
ernments. ! The British Tommies immediately
"Xo agreement was peached where- charged towards them. The Germans
by Ruf sia and France were to receive ; tried to drive their captives off to
certain parts of Asia. Turkey. Such 1 wards La Vacquerie, but the prison
understandings regarding Asia Minor ' ers hurled themselves upon their
which were come to did not involve ! guards and struggled barehanded un
annexatiox' j til the Tommies arrived and disposed
He promised to publish the report j of the Germans. The engineer and
sent by the British government to the j their comrades took the German rifles,
Russian government last May with ref- and worked their way back with their
erence to the treaty under which Italy
came into the war.
The minister admitted that Sirj
Gtorge Buchanan,, ambassador at Pe
trograd, was instructed to urge upon
Russia restoration of order and re-!
organization of her economic and mil
itary forces, pointing out that muni-'
tions were not unlimited and supplies
nvist be made according to the method !
and the value of the employment given
to them. He did not believe that this
was aemmental to erensky. Great
Britain had to consider the allies as
a whole. ,, , ...
' NAVAL OFFICER SUICIDE
(By Review Leased Wire.) I
'voftjrriT k vi 1 'e-teii-'t f'-om i
iw., wMnin, , 1
trander-Richprd B. Wiams ; s iwa
sorreon.- comrni'ted smciae weanes-
day after being relieved from duty
fcr treatment cf his eyes. Commander
Williams, -relatives said, ?-ad feared j
years old. His home was in Nor
folk. "
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS,
Christmas Neckwear Sale!
Here is the chance for you men to
secure fine silk neckwear for yourself
and friends, and for the ladies to se
lect neckwear gifts for husband,
brother or gentleman friend, for you
know nice neckwear is always the ap
preciated gift. '-' "
' , This neckwear is in two lots and is
the result of a special purchase for
Holiday business and on account of
the large assortment it was secured at
a special price and will be sold consid
erably less than regular.
Men's fine four-in-hand all silk
ties , in a gorgeous assortment of
eolers and big range of patterns, made
with slip easy bands, good generous
cuts of silk of excellent quality. On
sale Friday and Saturday at Special :..63c
This lot features fancy stripes and checks in a good
assortment of stylish patterns, good qualities of silk,
made with slip easy bands, all crisp and new and the
very thing for appropriate Christmas gifts. Friday and
Saturday, special at '. 43c
I Tomorrow we will have
ribbons in satins, taffetas,
sians in plaids, stripes, checks and floral effects. These
fie ideal for hair bows, bags, petticoats and many
kinds of Christmas 'gifts and the prices are far less
than elsewhere., ;
3.5c Ribbons .:b.::.25c
50c Ribbons .'..:35c
60c and 75c Ribbons 50c
85c and $1 Ribbons..65c
MAIN
NTRANCE
ON
Friday Special Flat Sale!
Come to cur Annex tomorrow and see what you will
save on women's and girls' trimmed hats. Women's
latest style trimmed hats in many good styles to chose
frcra and tastily trimmed in correct fashion. Sold regu
lar up to $5.95. JFiicV 2, cchl at $2.65 and $3.75
Hats for the girls, too, at greatly reduced prices for
tomorrow. Lots of clever styles nicely trimmed in the
prevailing fashion. Hats that we have sold all season
as high as $2.95 have been reduced for FRIDAY SPE
CIAL TO $1.45
; ANNEX STORE
I
Americans Outwit
German Soldiers
(Py Review Leased Wire)
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY IX
FRANCE, Tuesday, Dec. 4. The beet
rescuers, until they were able to
reaci a point where they could Join
the British line.
Aiarty of Americans and Canadians
also had an exciting time in a motor
lorry, which coming unexpectedly up
on six Germana holding the cross
roads with machine guns, eharged at
full speed tank-like, bowling over the
surprised enemy and escaping down
ths road before the Germans recovered
from their shock and fright.
Ths engineers were not the' only
army men from tho United States who
did tiieir bit during the most intense
part of the German counter attack at
Cambral. Not less than 10 American
army medical officers were working
In tIie British casauity stations axons
the Gouzeaucourt front. In fact they
hd been laboring tBere since eGneral
. hia , offenalve.
0
JEWS EVACUATE PALESTINE
AMSTERDAM, Dec, 5. The Jewish
correspondence bureau at The Hague
pays it is reported by the Budapest
press that all Jews have been evacu-.
:ei from Jerusalem.
on sale a large lot of fancy
mories, grosgrains and Per
$1.25-$ 1.50 Ribbons 75c
$1.75-$2 Ribbons $1.00
$2.25-$2.50 Rib'ns $1.25
$3.00 Ribbons $1.65
FLOOR
CANADA USES BRITISH TATfKTSTTSi OC
1 ' : . . . TTjr zz
British
Tank in a
FRENCH
4 ' V
VILLAGE. 1 .f . . '.t - - : -V.'"'v ""'.
'mm r4ir.''.
Canada is raising a Victory Loan
I of $300,000,000. A determined effort
is being made between the Atlantic
.' and Pacific coasts north of the inter
national boundary, to nlace the grand
'total far above that figure.
Every one remembers the sensa
ry one kuihuuch
tion produced on the battlefront in
. -. t , m i.A
ianaers Dyuia aPpeax u
4-. K aniw9ranpe or Uie
land-batuasnips lamuiany unuwn
ks." Through the 'efforts of
AJS?,
: - . .
oi iranspurL, u.v , --- 'Lo.,, wjth the proviso
Bi Wa t ,08n "
pl-ndert battlefront ".g if subscribeJ in
: Owing to Jie urgent need for this 'full, win, represent approxinte'yj :
GERMANY'S LOSS OF
FOREIGN TRADE IS
BEING FELT; CLAIM
COPENHAGEN Correspondence
of the Associated Press-r-SenU-occas-lonally
a eGrman voice Is raised In a
plea or plaint indicating that there are
stra'A In Germany which appreciate
more than others that the vision of
Dr. Von Bethman-Hollweg, formerly
eGrman chancellor, was narrow when
he referred to the war map as the
only thing to be considered in talking
about peace, and that he failed to look
hevnnH the ron fines of Europe Itself. I
The Leipsic rueuesie ntuntumu ,
publishes a resume of the German sit
uation, written by a Hamburg busi
ness man. The latter, it Is true, uses
his argument in favor of a "German
peace," presumably of the fatherland
nartv variety, but in making it he
writes in a manner not often encoun
tered in the German press. He says: '
"1 nview of the fact that England ,
has in the main achieved its war!
aims, we must not close jur eyes.
our wonderful military situation - In .
Europe does not alter this. Our mer-;
chant marine, our commerce with the '
world, have" been so thoroughly de-1
ctrniuil .that - must literallv DCKln I
frnm tim hpclnninp acaiti. and decades!
of strenuous work will "hoi suffice- to! W. T. Newman of ,the United States
rebuild what has -been destroyed in I Wvut court for the northern dis
tbese three years. . : j trkt of Georgia to muster a company
"It was not the worst that the Eng- f Civil war veterans to teach the
lish during the first months of the war- boys of the new national army the
destroyed our merchant marine an rtbel yell, .with which they may
oru entire trade across seas and pos-, strike terror to the German heart as
sessed themselves of our colonies. the America anna go over the top
The understood how to keep up this ; xin France.
condition for three years, to sot more ' "
and more enemies upon us; and during
this period, with the help of cheir al
lies, namely the Yankees, to put them
selves In our place, actually to take
possession of our foreign trade, and to
rob us Vf every possibility of recon
struction by the liquids '.Ion of thous
ands of German business houses and
branches in nearly all foreign coun
tries. "The heaviest blow of tlijs kind was
in the inducement of China and moit
of South America to take steps of thi
nature. The German business man,
j who after peace Is declared .'jes ou :
Into the world, will find ruins every
where, and if -he attempts to rebuild
them he will be prevented by a wall of
- j !" n i
colonies would help us much, for they
used to handle only a little part of our
world trade.
' Let us unders.and clearly what our
foreign trade spells for our economic
existence. As Dr. ilelfferich recently
showed, our foreign trade would, ut
der normal development have surpass-
I ed that of England for the first time
! this year. That spells for import aud
30.000,000.000 marks. If one reckons
that :his Includes at'jut 5.000.000,000
: for wages, freight, profits on under-
I takings and other investments, then
one sees that thisv icpresents a total
' ? f'i11 "0;,r''000'OUO- or ou; 0,nr
third of the German nat.oual wealth.
Should our opponents succeed in
I U'"U"JS Kill HV (ll,.........,.,.;
i th.i uh,,t.i hu ,l..i.,.nHpnl in thi!!
I main on central Europe, our iudustrj (
should have to shriuk aud our outiroi
:";:
' tit
"Tank" elsewhere, its stay in Canada
cannot be lonjr, so that Montreal wil
be the only city in the Dominion to
have the privilege of seeing this won,
derful weapon of war. It carries six
machine guns, and will be manned by
a i nf minners. all of whom have
's i - ut..i, ra
been wounaea in '
' vice ai tne ironu iiio
.. . a or T-no imnr
iiht nd dav
, : j
,by its own crew, who , wjfl b. assisted .
t jJit.;.- tA this r n a i nnnmn '
Z6c , i
their name, for the privilege
WILL TEACn REBEL'
r' !
YELL TO XEW ARMY
Judge W. T. Newman. -
Gen Eben Swift, commandant ai
Cumn C.nrtinn. has reauested Judge
economic life deaden. Our working
classes would be compelleJ to eini-j
grie for lack of opportunity to work,
jus: as in the TO's. The German em- j
pire would be reduced to a sei'jnd- j
class power, in short, England would;
have succeeded in making of us wnat
we were before 1870 and that which it
would gladly like us to be again.
We ghouldbe a European conuneu
tal nowcr without importance at sea
and without any world position with a
population devoted nrincipslly to agrl-
culture, which could no: possiDly
tninn of ever- competing seriously
with the English world power or the
English trade. From this Jate no vot-
i un.ary agreement of Lnglaud's, no pa-
per unaerstauQinj, can ji jieci us. mo
renowned 'freedom of the seas' which
England In its presen; position prob
auly would gladly accord us, wouid be
entirely lllusionary under the existing
circumstances, and would do us little1
good." - . I
The Hamburg business man-aumor, ;
lth this argument as a basis, tuen
draws the foilotfiug conclusion:
"Therefore, away whh any I'jncliia -
tory peace. w!i;c. would be a misior-
tune for the German people, and
i which would destroy for all time our
. future deveIopnient. only :he defeat
; of wUn the aid of the l!-bcats
can avert this misfortune. Therefore.
: nold out UIlti, 0)ir liu.0niparal.le sub -
m.rilln has O.ae their work."
.
Review wan f AO
BRING RESULTS
$b-' i
ATETTCTOKT "EOXZ
, . '- '
2 Jta.
v...P:r
rrr ,
Lorxj Shaughnsssy
$40 per capita, Canada's population'
not being quite 8,000,000. '
King George, while recently in.
Flanders, 'rode with the Prince of
wU in a "Tank" almost identical'
Lwith the one to be exhibited in Mon-;
treaL The strain of nding in a
"Tank" under action is so terrific ;
that after one day each man gets a ,
week's leave to
to recuperate nis.
. c-h
rv Such
however, is the com-
uh i.n v
of fighting the Hun m this way.-
tea
was ever more watchful than that of
the man behind, the gun. ,
WHAT IS GREATEST
GRIME COMMITTED
DURING THIS WAR?
PARIS (Correspondence- c '.he 'As
sociated Press. The question, "What
is the greatest crime committed dur
ing the war?" was put by the Spanish
review L'America Latina to conspic
uous men In Europe.
"The torpedoing of hospital ships."
is the reply of Field Marshal Lord
French of Great Britain.
"The declaration of war Itself," says
Stephen Pichon, French minister of
'orelgn affairs. "Among o many ig
nominies that have been perpetrated
iince," he adds, "1 renounce making i
:hoice."
'The sreat crime of Rhelms, tlu
abominable destruction of -the cathi
Iral is the one that makes bleed nios
.he heart of e. Fienchman and an ai
1st, but can one establish a hierarchy
,f crimes of the barbarians," replied
uuste Rodin, the sculptor.
"The murdpr of sailors whose ves
ela had been torpedoed is the most
Urocious act committed during the
war," in the opinion cf Sir W. H.
Dunn, formerly 1jrd Mayor of Lon
don. ."Politically ihe greatest crime com
snltted duiing the war is the violation
f the neutrality of Bolphim by those
who had sworn to defend it." says
Monscigneur Baudrillart. vicar' gen
eral of the Catholic institute of ParU.
Morally, one is embarrassed to
hcose among so many atrocieties,"
;'e adds. "The worst crime In my
-yes is the re-establishing of slavery
iy the Germans."
Sinor Vicente Blasco Ibanea re
ilied: "The greatest crime of Intel
ectual Germany consisted In the trou
bling of the course ol human thoupht
nd the proclaiming of the superiority
of war over Justice. All tlie atrocietles
f the Germans against men ana
things ire only the material consc
nuences of scientific barbarity."
The massacre and deportutiou of
hundreds of thousands of innoi-ent Ar- j
nienians while Germany, protector and
alley of Turkey, gave tacit consent by
j jts attitude. Is considered as
the most )
j gigaatic crime of tUe war,' by Viscount
i James Brvce. while he says "the most
J 1Dject crime of the war thus far is that ;
0f the Gerrasn government carrying I
0f jnto 8i4Very nuudred of young
pi-eucn and Belgian girls and thous
ands of Belgian laborers, obliging
tbem to work against their own un
fortunate country ruiued by tae in
vasion." Maitre Edouard Clunet, the French
mthority on Interuatioual law, re
gards as the greatest of Germany's
crimes "the ruin of the moral founda-
tlo international relations by set-
; ,ing uf. as a prncipie the right of the
( iU.ongctt to violate pledged faith as
may accord wttn his interest."
ThA .- i,KPf iK the most ttrocious
........ oi,., nn,i CnHtln th
s ,' wrtter aud journalist. "No
f u , a Gt.rman war,
c"d ie Germans. Everyone
1 d tUe norror tlle crUelty.
, murder ,,, ,,agBi aud aMissina-
I .,,, .v Wl.
lK,u hay "u
lino."
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
V
i fM. - "'
t,
fit
C ' M
i !f .
contractors in Bisbee buy
lrom US.. They figure it
is WORTHWHILE to do
so. WHY DONT YOU?
If you need them to
figure your work PHONE
LS and we will see that
they get in touch with
you.
If your contractor has
NOT figured with us ask
him to do so; it will be to
your benefit.
Gibson-Hines
Lumber Co.
J.W.F Smith. Mgr. Pfione88
AUSTRIAN IS HELD
FOR ATTEMPTED BRIBERY
(By Review Leased Wire.)
EL PASO. Tex.. Dec. 5 Samuel
Levites, an American of Austrian
Wrtb. from New York, was bound
over to await the action of the fed
eral crand jury late today by United
States Commissioner Samuel L. Kel-;
'y on a charee of hav'ng attemn,e1 1
o bribe a government officer. Lv1tes I
a "I'e-ed o ha-e offered Imniigra-j
tion Inspector Lewis Holiraan $40 toi
neririt Ms fon to cross the interna-;
'lonpl brtHse to Mexiro yesterdny. His'
vn T-rM is he'nff h'l f"r invpnra
Mon in connection v-ith iis elt"-t ive
draft.
At Dallas, Tex., a movie exhibitor
3dds to his sisn announcing the war
tax increase in the price of tickets.
"Don't blame us; cuss the Germans."
BISBEE TRANSFER.
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronag
CHICHESTER S PILLS
t kl-
TM mm mlmmr Bit. mf .A,
lr(1rt. A;-rill IIKS-TCK V
DIAMOND HM PILLH.fa.S&
MUtaHlllKliatallUm HMuM
SOLD PY DBtO(il5TS FVFRywHERf
! PHONE 58 !
llDTxv 24. Hours ; I
- C Smtonefeumterfeha
VtVvVtVvVtV.WWW
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co., Boston, Duluth, Calumet
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best or everythine at reasonable a la carte price.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40 ;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
life
g
Bisbee Lumber Company, inc
EMIL MARKS, MGR. LOWELL CAR STOP. PHONE
J. B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
L
PHONE 29
SUITS
MADE
TO
ORDER
Remember, these suits
are made from genuine
$25 materials.
Every thread guaran
teed Strictly All Wool
with a satisfactory fit or
your money back.
WE MAKE A SPECIALTY Of
LADIES' ALTERATIONS. .
D. H.Evans
BREWERY GULCH
Opposite Uncle Jim's
BRUCE PERLEY
TUCTTD IVfE Fire Automobils,
uOUKArilE Plate Glass
BONDS
Copper Queen Hotel
Fidelity
Liability
Bisbea, Ariz.
HENESSEY
UNDERTAKING PARLORS
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
EYE NERVE GLASSES
Study and much re
search worst slnca
1S92. Is the cause of
my successful pracUca
la Bisbee. Dr. K.
Ulaze, Neutrologlst.
Koom'I. Maze Bldg.. Phone, Office
166, Uesidencv. Black 420.
Telephone 448
A Phone Call Will Bring Us.
LOS ANGELES JUNK SHOP
Highest Cash Prices Paid For
Metals. Rubber, Rags, Sacks, Bottles,
Bones, Iron, Hides, Pelts, ete.
HOROWITZ BROTHERS, Preprieters
Lowell, Arizona. 1
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
WATKLNS & BERGQULST
Jewelers and Optician
The HATT MARV Store
REVIEW WANT AO
RINO WESULT
GOOD LUMBER IS AT THE
BOTTOM
of our success. Low prices may
help some, but it's the fine qual
ity of our lumber that bring
our customers back time and
again. K pays us to sell good
!-;mhpr. It will ray you better
to buy it. U Uta longer and
Is more satisfactory to work np.
Try us with an order and you'll
come back when you want more.
(MKOO
-)lUTo$20 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 6, 1917. im . THREE
; ;
(
Five Billion Dollars
Must Be Provided In
Addition to Taxes
Annual Report of Secretary
: of Treasury Shows Estimat
ed Deficit of $7,627,973,'
980; War Expenses and
" Huge Loans Responsible.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6. Congress
was informed by Secretary McAdoo In
his annual report submitted today
that I5,i28,203.793 must be provided in
addition to funds from taxes and bond
issues already authorized in order to
make estimated receipts for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1918, equal to dis
bursements. If this deficit is met by
a new bond issue, the total amount of
securities to be issued in the next
seven months Is estimated at $9,969.
433.850. Fro the next fiscal year, ending
June 30, 1919. the estimated excess tit
disbursements over receipts is $7,627,
973.980. Huge war expenses and loans to
America's allies at the rate of a half
billion dollars a month have made
these estimates many times larger
I "So far as I have been nblo to ob
serve. Hie American people are not
sufficiently aroused to the necessity
of economy and .f saving in this
really serious time, not only in the
i life of America, but of the nations of
the world. Up to the present there
has been a relatively small denial of
pleasures, comforts and conveniences
on the part of the average citizen. He
is drawing upon the general store 'of
supplies in the country with almost
: the same freedom as before America
came in:o the war. This cannot con
i tinue without serious hurt to the na
tion and to the world. The great finan
cial operations Of the government can-
forward successfully
Ordinary disbursements are esti
mated at $12,316.21)5.223; loans to al
lies in the year at i6,115,00ii.006: pub
lic debt disbursements at $321,000,-
000! and Panama canal evDenses. $23.- not be carried
593.000; making to:al estimated dis-' unless me people or tne tnitea states
bursements $18,775,919,955. ' economize in every possible direction.
Need Five Billions save tneir money and lend it to the
In order to al.Ow for a balance in the . government."
general fund of about $500,000,000 j Trace Dollar Loaned
next June 30, congress must authorize '"It is easy to visualize the course of
raising of about $5,640,000,000 addi-, a dollar saved from waste and invest
tional funds. This figure, together 1 ed in government bonds: First it
with the $3,666,000,000 of authorized j Bes to the government as a loan for
but unissued Liberty bonds, and $663.-' tne war; second, it is expended by the
000,000 estimated receipts from war
savings, make the $9,969,000,000 which
Mr. McAdoo believes Americans mus;
loan the government between now and
June 30, 1918.
government for food, clothing and am
munition which go directly to a gal
lant soldier or sailor whose fighting
strength is kept up by the food, whose
! body is kept warm by the clothing.
Pnr tho nott finl vear. endine June ! and whose enemy is hit by the am
3u, 1919. the secretary estimated re-' munition. It has not been expended in
ceipts at $5,176,000,000, and disburse-' the purchasing of needless food and
ments at $12,804,034,440. exclusive Of ' 'lothing for the man at home, and is.
allied loans. This makes a $7,627.000.-1 therefore released for the use of the
ono Pv.-PKs nf disbursement. If the soldier; it is saved wealth to the man
present rate of loans to allies is con- , at home and can be loaned to his gov-
tinued in the 1918-1919 nscai year.i w uunest, mi touiubs
$6,000,000,000. additional would be re- benefits to himself and to his govern
quired. Estimated interest on bonds went."
to be issued that year is $385,000,000.' Secretary McAdoo denounced pur
and estimated expense of floating the chasers of Liberty bonds who sell their
than any ever presented in a secretary ! bond issue $28,000,000. ! bonds when they do not imperatively
of the treasury's annual report. Of the Thus if the deficit is to be met by need money.
$12,316,000,000 estimated ordinary ex-1 bonds. $14,040,000,000 worth musr be; Wants Actual Loans
penditures for the year ending next I floated between July 1, 1918 and June 11 is DV actually lending money to
June 30, $11,527,000,000 is for war pur-j 30. 1919, in addition to receipts fiOm ! tne government and not merely prom
poses, and the proportion is about the j war savings. 1 lsinS It and shifting the loan to some
same for the fiscal year ending in i Figures Estimated one else," he said "that the citizen
1919. I "While these figures represent the really helps in this great time." He
Federal Reserve System Helps j situation as It appears today," the added, however, that he djd not mean
' So far the nation has borne the fi- secretary says, "it should be borne in 'to discourage legitimute trading in
nnnrial hiirdonn nf tho nr won ova ! mind that the exieencies of the future s"""?-"- securities.
" ' 1 t VC W . J - ,1 1 1
mav cause chanees. Darticularly with .?lLnuw expieweu uie nope
ronrH tn the o imntpa fnr the war ! that additional funds to be raised dur
and navy departments." The esti-1 ,nS the balance of the war would be
mates on which the secretary bases ; Dy bond issues rather than by taxation,
his figures are made by the -various 6aying:
government departments. ' j "It is my earnest conviction that the
The outstanding fact apparent from Keneral economy of the country should
these stupendous figures is that the 1 De permitted to readjust itself to the
cos: of the war to the American oeo- new revenue laws before considers
ple, including allied lOans. for the two 1 tion should be given to the imposition
Secretary McAdoo, owing to healthy
business conditions, and the valuable
aid of the established federal reserve
system. In the future, however, in
creasingly greater habits of economy
must be developed by individuals and
business institutions, the secretary de
clares, and "business as usual" can
not be adopted as the guiding princi
ple of the war. People must save
and invest in government securities oears ending June 30, 1919. will be ati additional tax burdens."
to avoid postponing victory
with this admonition, Mr. McAdoo
proceeds to cite the enormous figures
of government receipts and expendi
tures which are the fruit Of war times.
Total estimated receipts for the cur
rent fiscal year are $12,580,732,800,
which, with a balance in the treasury
last June 30 of $1,066,983,361, makes
least $36,000,000,000.
To the great task facing the coun-
try. Secretary McAdoo calls the people ;
with these words:
Of the possibility that interest rates
on further Liberty bond issues might
be raised, the secretary said:
Oppose Increased Interest.
If a situation should develop where
People Must Economize
"What is of superlative importance . the government could not sell conver
in the readjustment tha; must take1 tible and partly tax exempt bonds up
place is that our people shall be fro- on a 4 per cent basis, it would, I be
pressed with the necessity of econo-1 lieve, become necessary to seriously
a total of $13,647,716,161. Most of the mizing in the consumption of articles ) consider further revenue legislation.
receipts, or $8.686,000;000, are from j of clothing, food and fuel, and of every , In my Judgment an increase in the
sales of bonds and war savings cer
tificates; ordinary receipts are $3,886,
000.000, largely from war taxes, and
the Panama canal Income is $7,090.-000.
other thing which constitutes a drain i rate of interest of such bonds would
upon the available supplies, materials 1 be extremely unwise and hurtful."
and resources of the country. Every- Secretary McAdoo disclosed that he
thing wasted now is little short of : intends to recommend to congress
criminal. ! later in the session constructive and
Let Us Help You Solve
YOUR CHRISTMAS GIFT PROBLEMS
YOU have given so many things in the past to your friends and relations that
you are sort of puzzled as to what t o give this year. Let us help you out of
your difficulty. Come in and look over the large stock of new Christmas
Goods which we have here. We feel quite sure that they will suggest many things
to you" thatyou had never thought of giving, but things that anyone would be only
too glad to receive. Their low prices will hasten the purchase of whichever ones
you may. select.
Out of the Many Hundreds of them, We Have
Only Room Enough Here to List But These Few
"FOR HER"
Stylish Suits
Exquisite Furs ;
Leather Bags
Lace Goods
"Coats
Toilet Articles
S
E
L
E
C
T
N Neckwear
O Oriental Baskets
W Waists
"FOR HIM"
S Sweaters
H Handkerchiefs
O Overcoats
P Pajamas
E Elegant Ties
A Athletic Goods
R Robes for Home
L Leather Goods
Y Youthful Suits
regulatory laws to prevent capital
from going Into public or private en
terprises unnecessary for the war.
"It may also become necessary," he
added, "to concert some constructive
measures through which essential
credits may bo provided for those in
dustries and enterprises in the itoun
try espential to the efficient and sue
cessful conduct of the. war. The sub
ject requires the best thought and
study. It is receiving the most earn
est consideration.
Nation's Resource Abundant.
"The courage and resources of the
nation are so abundant that America's
success in the war is beyond question
if they are properly organized and In
telligently used. Th economic and
financial condition of the country was
never so strong and America's spirit
was never more aroused to the im
portance and necessity of going for
ward, resolutely and regardless of
sacrifice, to the accomplishment of
the great task to which God has call
ed us."
The federal reserve system received
Secretary McAdoo's enthusiastic prais
ing for its part in the war financing
system. He pleaded for further
strengthening of the reserve system
by the entrance of state banks and
trust companies.
Finances Should Be Strengthened.
"Intelligent men all over the coun
try," he said, "are beginning to realize
that the financial power of the United
States Bhould be strengthened to the
utmost limit if we are to meet suc
cessfully the tremendous strain upon
our resources occasioned by our own
part in the war and by the credits
which it is essential that we should
extend to the foreign governments co
operating with us in, the war and if
we are to be equal to the demands, in
large measure, at least, cf world lead
ership which will inevitably be thrust
upon us as a result of this war. 1
"Financial strength can come alone
from a consolidation of the financial
powers of the country under one hom
egeneousj system. It cannot be bad un
der tho present arrangement, involv
ing is it does 49 separate banking sys
tems or banking controls in the United
States. In the federal system we
have the one cohesive and powerful fi
nancial organization in the country.
In addition to the- federal system we
have1 48 systems, authorized and ad
ministered under the laws of each
of the states of the union. This is a
serious element of weakness and will
be proven so when the test of a great
responsibility and need comes. We
must be prepared for a larger measure
of international demand upon our re
sources in the future than ever before
in tha past. Self-interest alone should
compel every eligible state bank in
the country to take membership in
the federal reserve system. But in ad
dition to that, in this grave time of
national peril, patriotism should com
bine with self-interest to make them
take that course.
State Banks Can Help.
"It is my earnest hope that the state
banks of the V. S. will see 'this
question in its proper light They have
been joining the federal reserve sys
tem reecntly in greater numbers than
ever before, but progress should now
be even more rapid. The federal re
serve law is now so liberal to state
banks that they get nothing but ad
vantage by joining the system, while
they ere bound to suffer serious disad
vantages, especially in time of test and
trial if they remain outside."
The secretary disclosed that neutral
countries have entered cordially upon
negotiations looking to stabilizing fore
ign exchange rates without shipping
from the United States the gold which
has been accumulated here in the last
few years. At the time he prepared
his report, none of the negotiations
had been completed.
Upon the government's system of
forbidding gold exports except 'ujjder
licence by the federal reserve board.
1 Secretary McAdoo explained, "the ex
, portation of gold has not been permit
I ted except In those cases in which un-
! usual circumstances have seemed to
justify the issue of licenses for its
export. The department has not, how
ever, rested content with a negative
policy of prohibition, but has Initiated
a series of negotiations having for
purpose the substitution of - arrange
ments which, while holding the neces
sity for large exports of gold, would
yet stabilize the exchange between the
United States and neutralcountries."
Hold Third of World' Gold.
Although the nature of these nego
tiations were not disclosed, it is under
stood they relate to investments in
the United States by neutral capital
and to restriction of imports from neu
trals. The secretary explained that
the United States now holds more
than one-third of the world's gold
monetary stock.
Praising the policies of the farm
loan system. Secretary McAdoo said
some method must be devised for dis
posing of farm loan bonds as soon
as they are isued in order to avoid
suspending the Uhning operations of
the banks. He recommended also
"that the limit of $10,000 imposed by
law upon loans to any one individual
should be increased to $25,000."
Will Increase Loan Rate.
Up to one week ago credits extend
ed to allied governments amounted to
$3,993,900,000. That latest loans have
been at 4 1-4 per cent, but Secretary
McAdoo explained that "tnis rate In
turn will be further increased in case
there rhould be higher rate's of inter
est paid by the United tSates during
the continuance of the war for the
moneys that It may invest in the pur
chase of foreign obligations.'
Both Liberty loans this year, one
aggregating $2,000,000,000, and the
other $3,808,000,000, have been facili
tated, said the secretary, by issuance
of short time certificates In advance
of the loans. The bond financing al
so was aided by the designation of
1903 national and 1343 state banks to
receive deposits on account of their
i subscript ions without the necessity ot
j making applications and being desig
nated each time they subscribe to cer
tificates and bonds and desire to pay
for them by credit.
Praises Insurance System.
The humanitarian benefit of the sol
diers' and sailors' insurance system
was praised by the secretary.
The internal revenue bureau, Mr.
UNION STREET GAR
MEN REQUEST AID
OF MEDIATION BOARD
(By Review leased Wire)
. ST. PAUL, Dec. 5 Hopeful of fed
eral mediation in the dispute between
the Twin City car lines and some of
their employees, representatives of:
more than 200 local unions icte today
voted to adjourn their convention and
thus do away, temporarily at least, ;
with the possibility of what would be
in effect a general sympathetic
strike. 9
After telegraphing Secretary of
War Ilaker that federal mediation
would be welcome, the convention
leaders decided to await his reply
before putting into effect the proposed
'.indefinite convention " and the men
were ordered to return to work to
morrow, subject to call December 11.
should differences not be settled to
the carmen's satisfaction. In the
meantime no demonstrations of any
kind and no strike vote will be taken,
according to J. M. Clancy, president
of the St. Paul trades and labor as
sembly.
Dispatches from Washington indi-i
cated that the w-ar department would
consider action. '
It was said that the suggested in-;
definite convention" would result in
a tie-up of war industries of various
sorts here, as well as the important
shons of big transcontinental rail
roads, and that the war department
was directly interested in a settle
ment of the troubles.
The street car service was declared
to be within 6$ per cent of normal in
the Twin Cities, though company of
ficials admitted that 500 men had
Joined the walkout due to their re
fusal to abide by the safety commis
slon's order directing the disuse of
union buttons.
Ten days ago the company locked
out its union employees by refusing
cars to men who wore but'ons.
Some addresses described as "fiery
were made by speakers at today's
meeting, who included representatives
of the Non-Partisan league and May
ors Van Iear of Minneapolis and Ir
vin of St. Paul. All. however, cau
tioned the men against violence and
no disorder of any kind was reported,
to have followed the meeting.
All saloons have been closed since j
yesteroay arternoon. Home guaru
were on duty at car barns and other
strategic points.
First Annual Sale
Lowell Jewelry Shop
AGENTS FOR
end
1 jsu;
f .1
in thw store you,
will find only
m e r c h a ndise of
proven superiority.
Goods we can'
ft t
h o n e stly recom- Iftni
We carry a full stock of Watches, Ladies and Men's
Wrist Watches, Diamonds, Rings, Lavalliers, Brooches,
Watch Chains, Watch Fobs, Silverware, French Ivory,
and we are going to save you from
5fe$mendtoyou.
SLOT ?J?J
III ii
10 to 50 Per Cent
on all articles of Jewelry in this store
llll l
We would like to have you see for yourself the up-to-date
line we carry.
Remember a small deposit will hold any article we
have. Now is the time to select your holiday presents.
Lowell Jewelry Shop
MAIN STREET
LOWELL
During Sale We Will Keep Open Until 8:00 P. M.
IN FROM MOUNTAINS
Frank Bauer and wife were in , the
city yesterday from their home a:
Ash Canyon, in the Huachuca mount
ains, where Mr. Bauer is engaged in
developing some mining pi'jperty. Mr.
Bauer reports considerable activity in
that section of the county.
FUNERAL SERVICES
The funeral of D. J. Kennedy was
held yesterday afternoon at the Elks
home under the auspices of the Odd
Fellows' lodge. Many beautiful floral
designs were given. The pallbearers
were Jack White, Fred Ritter. Sam
Milutinovich. M. Deane, A. S. Roberts
and George Myzell.
McAdoo said, has a stupendous task
to collect $3,400,000,000 during the cur
rent fiscal year, and is accomplishing
this largely with the guidance and
counsel of business men and lawyer
advisors.
To render the customs service more
efficient, it was suggested that a com
plete revision be made of customs
laws, eliminating certain officials anjl
combining duties.
The international high commission.
Secretary McAdoo said, has done ex
cellent work in arranging economic
and financial transactions between the
United States and South American
countries, and $25,000 should be ap
propriated for its continuance.
The public health service and coast
guard, branches of the treasury de
partment, have turned their attentions
largely to assisting the military and
naval authorities in recent months,
Mrs. Jas. McHugh
Died Last Night
Mrs. James McHugh, mother of
Mrs. Frank E. Coles, died last night
at the home Vf her daughter, after an
illness of several months. Death was
caused by a complication cf dis
eases brought on by old age. Mrs. Mc
Hugh is a pioneer of. Cochise county,
coming to Tombstone in the early
eighties and has continued to reside in
that city until a few months a'j,
when sne came here to stay with her
daughter. Mrs. Coles, cn account of
her failing health. Besides the daugh
ter, Mrs. Coles in this city, the de
ceased leaves her husband. James Mc
Hugh and a daughter, Mrs. Harry
Daley, residing in Eureka, California.
Mrs. McHugh was a wouian of
modest disposition, was very quiet and
unassuming, a kind mother and a duti
ful wife. She has hosts of friends in
Cochise county who will regret to hear
of her daath, although it was expected.
The funeral services will be held in
this city on Friday morning at 10
o'clock and interment will be held in
the Evergreen cemetery.
GERMANS CAPTURE
ARMY AVIATOR!
A CLEAR COMPLEXION
Ruddy Cheeks Sparkling Eyes
Most Women Can Have
Says Dr. Edwards, a WeS-Knowa
Ohio Physiriaa
Dr. F. M. Edwards for 17 years treated
scores of women for liver and bowel
ailments. During these years he gave to
his patients A prescription made of a few
well-known vegetable ingredients mixed
ith. olive oil, naming them Dr. Edwards
Oiive Tables. You will know them by
their olive color.
These tablets are wonder-workers on the
liver and bowels, which cause a normal
action, carrying oS the waste and poison
ous matter in one's system.
If you have a pale face, saTJow look, dull
eyes, pimples, coated tongue, headaches, a
listless, no-good feeling, all out of sens,
inactive bowels, you take one of Dr.
Edwards' Olive Tablets nightly for a time
and note the pleasing results.
Thousands of women as well as men
take Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets the suc
cessful substitute for calomtl now and
ten just to keep in the pink cf condition.
4lc and 25c per box. All druggists.
SECRETARY M'ADOO CANNOT
MAKE USUAL ARIZONA VISIT
(By Review Leased Wire)
- JtANTOCU 111. Word has been re-1
ceived here that Lieut. Carroll Cone I
of Pine Hluff. Ark., a former student,
at the Chanute aviation field here,:
has been taken prisoner by the Ger-i
mans. Lieutenant Cone was forced j
to descend behind the German lines
because of engine trouble, the men-1
I sage said. I
PHOENIX, Dec. 4. A few years
ago, W. O. McAdcO, now secretary of
the treasury, was a frequent visitor to
Phoenix, visiting a married daugh
ter and friends and inspecting an or
ange grove owned by him. This year
be has written regretfully declining
an invitation to participate in the an
nual picuic vi me mufsta Buvieij vd
New Year's day. He says he is too
busy.
Yomh
Wonae
Are Told How to Find
Relief from Pain.
Kashua, N. IL "I am nineteen years old and
every month for two years I had such pains that I
would often faint and have to leave school. I had
such pain I did not know what to do with myself
and tried so many remedies that were of no use.
I read about Lydia E.' Knkham's Vegetable
lxm pound in the newspapers and decided to
try it, and that is how I found relief from
pain and feel so much better than I used to. .
v hen I bear of any girl suffering
as I did I tell them how Lytna E.
Rnkham's Vegetable Compound
helped me." Delina Martis,
29 Bowers Street, Nashua, X. IL
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,
made from native roots and herbs, contains no
narcotic or Harmful drugs, and ls, therefore.
THE PERFECTLY SAFE REMEDY
LYDIA E. PMI
urns
VEGETABLE COMPOUND
LYDIA E.P1NKMAM KCOICINE CO. LYNN. MASS. FOUR
"TrMDftISBET)AiLY REVIEW, THURSDAYMORNINGTECEMBER 6, 1917."
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company.
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use for republication of all news dispatches credited to
it or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
BRANCH CONNECTING ALL DEPARTMENTS.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second Class Mall Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH 1 $ -75
THREE MONTHS : 2-2
SIX MONTHS 4 0
TWELVE MONTHS 7 60
SUNDAY Our1 Weekly! per year .
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter . ,.76
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department , No. 39. The Review will eon.
sider it a favor if the Irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department The Messenger Service
applies to Bisbee only. .
Thursday Morning, December 6, 1917.
Wilson's Greatest Word
j r irr
President Wilson's last message to congress is, be
yond doubt, his greatest kate paper. It is the greatest
because it comes at just the right time with a straight
from the shoulder blow. It is greatest because It will
do more good to the allied cause than any other one
thing short of a victory in the field. It is greatest be
cause of its effect upon 'Germany and the neutrals. It
is greatest because of its courage and its firmness and
its practical aims.
He not only asks for war upon Austria, hut asks it in
such a manner as to 'make Austria tremble. He not only
strikes at Germany's web of peace propaganda, but he
asks for power to sternly repress the Hun's activities
over here.
The test of the greatness of this message will lie in
its effect upon the civilians of all the nations" making
war upon Germany. It will strengthen them and inspire
them and weld them closer together.
The president, ia this message, publicly pledges his
word that every hum a a effort possible will be made by
this country to beat the Hun to his knees. That was the
word the country wanted.
And that France and England wanted, too.
The mistakes and delays and miscalculations and con
troversies and inefficiency of, the governmental machinery
will be forgiven if only the nation is assured that the
right spirit is behind it all. If it is these mistakes will
be corrected and lagging feet will., be sparred forward
and incompetents relegated to the rear. The president's
message is a lighted lemp in the house that is over-;
sLadowed by 'the clouds of war.
The Warren District will honor Sheriff Harry Wheeler
at a banquet tomorrow night. And it honors Itself by
psyng this tribute to a "brave and competent official and
modest gentleman.
Arizona, it is announced, made' a better showing than
any other Ptate in the recent Y. M. C. A. war 'fund
drive, scoring 110 per cent over the amount of her quota.
The average for the nation was only 46 per cent over the
national quota. The word "only" is not used in the pre
ceding sentence as term of reproach but In contrast with
what Arizona did.
The Morning Oasis made its bow to the desert sand at
Nogales December 1 and quite a lively and pleasing ap
pearance it made in the Arizona newspaper field. The
Weekly Oasis has withstood the drouths of twenty-three
years and will be continued. The daily, under the same
management and editorial direction, (C. N. and Allen T.
Bird), has been made necessary by growing business
and increased population along the border. Tb3 Review,
looking westward along the border line, past the cactus;
and mcsquite, in glad to see this new Oasis.
- Before LaVacquiere in the Cambrai sector Saturday the
British, according to ua official dispatch, killed more
Germaus between daylight and dark than during any
other similar period during the entire war. It was a
slaughter grim and great. The German troops advanced
in fifteen waves out in the open before machine gun fire
and made ten separate attacks upon this village. Tbeir
sacrifice was all in vain as they gained no military ad
vantage at all and only a f light amount of ground. It was
the supreme German effort to break through and gain a
decision in this sector that would offset the victory
of General Byng last week. But. the dogged bravery
of British troops saved the day. Reinforcements have
arrived and the danger is past. But it is this kind of
fighting that the allied generals are using all their skill
to bring about. If they can take a commanding position
and then hold it against costly counter attacks their
great strategy of the war is being achieved and the Ger
man generals are playing right into their bands. The
process of attrition is being multiplied. Germany may
not have to pay for bcr Cambrai slaughter this year, but
next spring she will need those legions that wore sacri
ficed there by German pride in not giving way before
the English.
9 THE RAILROAD SITUATION.
Henry Clews, the New York banker, discusses the rail-
nod situation as follows:
The railroad situation promises to be taken up for
ssr ous consideration immediately by this session of con
tress. Our railroads are going through a rapid process
cf centralization, the object in view being the operation
of the roads on the unit basis. The Railroad War Board
at Washington is strongly in favor of the pooling system,
which will facilitate handling the traffic and hasten both
efficiency and economy. The demands of the roads for
new equipment, facilities, etc., are still unprovided tor.
These imperative needs are now recognized by the admin
istration, and some action may soon be expected. The
Interstate Commerce Commission will probably grant
the desired 15 per cent to at least some of the lines, but
this wBJ sot suffice to give the roads a living wage
under present conditions, nor will it remedy the funda
mental weakness in our railroad situation, which is lack
cf unity.
Varloas projects for financial relief are under discus
sion, such as a direct loan by the government or the
guarantee of interest or dividends by the government.
These proposals are considered practical, while public
ownership is neither feasible nor desirable. Public opin
ion is not ripe for such action. Talk of reducing dividends
for the purpose of meeting necessary outlays is absurd.
The total dividends paid by American railroads are con
siderably less than $350,000,000 annually on a capital
stock of approximately $9,000,000,000, or about 4 per cent
To reduce dividends would inevitably impair the credit
of even the strongest roads and make it still more im
possible for them to raise money by either stocks or
bonds.
Supposing tbe roads were to reduce dividends, say, one
quarter, what would be the result? Slmplv a crushing
blow to their credit and a saving of less than $100,000,000
This would be a trifling matter compared with the billion
or more needed; while any possible reduction in dividends
could have no effect whatever upon wages.
The only thoroughgoing solution of the railroad prob
lem is to amend the law so as to permit railroad pooling
which will permit operation of the roads as a single sys
tem under government regulation, and at tbe same time
abolish tbe confusion and waste arising from operating
Rippling Rhymes
(By WALT MASON.)
AMBITION.
When I was young and had no doubt
tiat I was destined to be great; I'd
distance every other scout, and be the
land's chief magistrate. I knew I'd
leave a deathless name when I pulled
out for t'other shore, and in the
worll's great hall of fame my chrom'd
hang shove the door. I thought not
Of the ways and means, of how I
shoud put up the grass,' I only knew
that kings and queens would be the
people in my class. I jeered at ob
stacles, forsooth! My upward way
I'd bravely keep; for in the golden
days of youth tjie toil of Hercules
looks cheap. I sit beneath my vine
and tree, and backward look across
the years, and all my busted dreams
I see, and bellow like a brace of steers.
I never reached a dazzling height
what boot the wherefores and the
whys? And every time I made a fight,
the other fellow got the prize. The
prizes of this world increase, but none
is added to my store; I've run for
justice of the peace three times, and
goose eggs were my score. I sit be
neath my tree and vine, and see the
buoyant youths go by, with golden
visions just like mine, with dreams of
heights that reach the sky. From me
they bear no caterwaul, no dreary wail
of wasted beans; for if the boys didn't
dream at all, they'd be old men while
in their teens.
A CARTOON WITHOUT WORDS
ARIZONA HAS PART
IN PROTECTION OF
RAILROAD CREDITS
under the laws of forty-eight different states. For the
purpose of immediate relief railroad bonds guaranteed
as to principal and Interest by the government would be.
the surest and least objectionable plan.
A SPLENDID VICTORY. V
The yote in favor of the million dollar bond issue for
permanent highways in Cochise county was a revelation
even to the most ardent supporter of the proposition. It
was expected that the population centers would give good
majorities for the issue, but there were fears that the
voters of sparsely settled districts far away from main
highways of travel would vote strongly against the
bonds. These fears were realized only in two precincts,
Willcox and Bowie. This last named community went
"whole hog or none" in the matter, casting every vote
against the bonds. Bowie people must be strongly op
posed to good roads. But the dry farmers and ranchers
from far and near generally supported the bonds. They
refuted that old charge that farmers are always opposed
to bond issues and heavier taxes. In fact, the rural vote
generally on the bonds was the shining feature of the
election. Bisbee and the Warren District did better even
than expected; Douglas not as well; Tombstone made
a blue ribbon showing. When the returns came in Tues
day night there wis general rejoicing among the Bisbee
citizens who are heaviest tax-payers. They knew that
increase in property values and business would a hundred
times compensate for the original investment. Cochise
county can well point with intense pride to her record:
"A million for good roads, and spent in a lump."
DIVIDED INTO THREE PARTS.
Roger Lewis, a well informed newspaper correspond
ent, writing from Russia, divides the Bolshevik! into three
parts as follows:
First, there are innumerable German paid agitators
and propagandists whose sole purpose is to reduce the
country to complete anarchy.
The 'second class is composed of fanatics, escaped
criminals, released political prisoners and expatriated
Russians whom political amnesty brought back to the
country. These, the sense of accumulated wrongs, real
and imaginary, of half a century has driven into a frenzy
of anarchistic revolt, and. without sharing the motives of
their Germau leaders, they find their doctrines quite con
genial. -
The third and largest class Is a tremendous lody of
ignorant worklngmen and soldiers -with nebulous notions
of democracy, who have been taught by their leaders that
freedom is a debauch of idleuess and that properly- in
terpreted liberty mean a a complete reversal of power
which will give them a gratifying tyranny tver their old
masters.
Through tbe appointment of R. N
Fredericks of Prescott. .president of
tbe Prescott National bank, , as a
member of the advisory committee of
the National Association of Owners
of Railroad Securities; announcement
of which has just been made by Pres
ident S. Da vies Warfield, Arisona in
vestors become prominently identified
with a movement of national impor
tance recently launched to protect
the credit of American railroads by
stabilizing the securities of these com
panies. The advisory committee is the con
trolling body of the association, and
Vhe selection of Mr. Fredericks to
bead the movement fn Arizona is in
itiative of the prominence of those
dentlfied with the organization
throuhout the country, its officers and
upporters Including many of the lead
ing financiers and business men of
the. nation. Thousands of individual
tiembers have enrolled in the move
ment, and many others here and
ibroad who. while having no invest
ment in transportation companies.
favor fair treatment of the carriers,
have also become members.
Tbe association, organized in Balti
more several months ago through the
initiative of Mr. Warfield, who is
president of the Continental Trust
company and one of the leading finan
ciers of the south.' fills a long-felt
need for an authoirtative organisa
tion to speak for the owners of the
railroads in matters relative to their
public affairs.
This has been undertaken vigorous
ly through a campaign to protect the
interests of large and small investors
In railroad stocks and bonds. Its rep
resentatives have appeared before the
Interstate commerce commission and
at other public gatherings to present
the case of those whose savings and
other funds have undergone such a
tremendous shrinkage as a result of
the recent general decline in security
values. The association's activities in
clude a comprehensive campaign of.
education to' create an interest on the.
part of investors in the affairs of their j
companies and tbe solution of proo-
lems confronting them. It is also
olanned to inform the public of the
widespread distribution of raiiroad se
curities and their vital relation to the
economic life of the people.
A recent, computation by President;
Warfield shows the .direct and indirect
ownership of the railroads to be vest
ed in 50.600,000 people, nearly one-
half of our population, as follows:
Individuals outright. 1.000.000, own-.
ine 110.000.000 000 worth; life insur-l
ance policies in force, held by 33.000,-;
000 persons, representing a total of!
$L55C,000,000; savings oanxs, wunt
10.000.000 depositors, representing
$847,000,000; fire and marine, casualty I
and other insurance companies, .rep-1
resenting a total of $649,000,000; be-j
nevolent associations, colleges, char
itable institutions, $350,000,000. !
K Ok
I fAf.ZfS.s vl .1 I 3 - m JaV.
The yHK '(l llL(lf' : Jaw 1 .
fl LARGE FAMILY ggrJT tri trr fTHx n B RGE ,NC0Mf
RND fl SMALL M ti) : r. 4 AMD fl SMALL
INCOME IIIU,) y X.IJ - FAMILY
State and County News Briefs
Brief State Notes
The Pohkenix Elks lodge is said to
be making a rapid growth this fall.
Twenty new members were initiated
on Thursday night
The heavy frost at Ph'jenix Thurs
day morning caused uneasiness about
the welfare of the cotton crop, but re
ports during the day showed no dam
age had been done.
Dr. Walter Harvey Weed, a prom
tnent mining engineer of New York,
who is well known in mining circles in
Arizona, has arrived in Phoenix from
the east. He will spend the winter
season in Ph'jenix.
Three hundred and twenty acres of
Yuma valley framing lands near
Somerton has been rented for three
years at $30 per acre each year W. S.
Blair who obtained the lease is prepar
ing to plant the entire tract in cotton.
According to common report about
the streeKof Globe, Chairman Walter
B. Nash of the board tf county super
visors, will resign his office in tbe
immediate future and acoept the of
fice of justice of the peace in Hayden.
which has been vacated by Charles
H. Studley. Jr.
Two more sections started opera
tions at tbe Inspiration mill Saturday
morning. This was found necessary
jwlng to the fact that the bins were
filled with -ore which is rapidly being
turned out by the mine. It is expect
ed that many more men will be put at
work within the next few days at the
Inspiration mine aud mill.
It is reported by Mr. Murray Day,
manager of the Duquesne Mining and
Reduction company, in Santa Cruz
county, that $250,000 will immediately
be spent "on improvement and new
machinery for that company Mr. Day
has just returned from a meeting of
the company's officials in the east,
and says they are enthusiastic over
the property's mineral possibilities
and will make every effort to improve
them.
County Briefs
F. V. Hutchins sustained tbe injury
of a broken leg while working on the
oil well rig In Lo,wer Gold Gulch Fri
day, near Bowie. Dr. Wilson was call
ed from Willcox to attend tbe injured
man.
Excitement prevailed In the U. S. j
army camp at Lower Miami one day
this week when several thousand tons
of tailings slid down from the dump
crashing into the guard house, break
ing out one wall and filling the build
ing half full of sand. Another struc
ture was completely covered in the
great avalanche. At first it was
thought one man was buried by the
sand, but its removal proved this was
a mistake.
W. H. Johnson of Bisbee is collect
ing up all the old tin and sheet iron
junk littering up the streets, alleys
and vacant lots of Benson to ship to
the New Cornelia company to ship to
He will ship a carload this week.
W. G. Hopkins of Buffalo, N. Y a
visitor last month when be and others
made an investigation of lands near
Jerome Junction, which are to be re
claimed, is again in Prescott, stating
the project Is assuming favorable con
sideration. This movement is to be
kindred to that of the present coloni
zation perfected by tbe Hassayampa
company, but will be far more exten
sive in area, reaching to over 14,000
acres.
F. C. Sargent of California, a min
ing men, is the latest arrival in Bowie
and is prospecting for an opening. He
seems to be' favorably impressed with
the prospects and figures on locating
permanently if he can find what he
is looking for.
The management of the Old domin
ion Copper company Saturday gave
out the following statement: The Old1
Dominion company is now working',
full capacity in all departments. The,
smelter produced approximately 3.000,-'
000 pounds of copper for the month
of November, which is a liUle above
its normal production.
-We won't make pea-e until victory is won." That is
the president's message in a sentence. It is a bugle call
to battle scarred England and bleeding Franre and to the
eager, anxious Amrican patriots who are waiting to join
in the xrorli old game. Yes and it means tar and feathers
for tbe pacifists hereafter who oppose tbe war. Presi
dent Wilson spoke for tbe nation.
Events on the Cambrai iront recently indicate very
plainly that there will bo plenty of work for LT. S. troops
to do next summer beofre the Hun shows any decided
weakness. The spires of Cambrai look as far off as tlicy
did year ago at the close of tbe ouiuie offensive.
THE LADY JANE
WAS FAIR
The Lady Jane was tall aud slim.
the Lady Jane was rair." No lady
can be fair and beautiful with a sal
low complexion, pimples vn the face,
and skin eruptions which are caused
by impure blood. Number 40 for
Tbe B lood. by its wonderful altera
tive properties, changes certain mor
bid conditions of the system from a
diseased to a healthy state, thereby
reducing flesh when in excess. 40 is
employed in diseases of the glandu
lar system, in blood poison, rheuma
tism, catarrh, constipation, malaria,
liver, stomach and kidney troubles.
Under its use nodes, tumors, sores,
ulcers, mucous patches, aud copper
colored spots disappear as if bv
magic. Made my .1.1". Menderhall. 40
years a druggist, Evansville, Ind.
Sold exclusively in Bisbee at Central
Pharmacy, opposite Orpheuiu. in Ixv
well by Lowell Drug Co., in Douglas by
Owl Drug Co. Adv.
Co-operative home building is tbe
latest thing in TuctOn. Fifteen fau-i
ilieia have purchased an entire block 1
of land in the suburbs, and the heads j
of the families being bricklayers, car-'
penters and artisans, each will con-1
struct for his family whatever sort Of
dwelling his means and tastes dictate.'
Some of the houses will be frame, f
some adobe and some concrete. There j
will be no two bouses alike. !
The Salt River Valley Egyptian
Growers' association, at a meeting
held at Tempe, has changed its name
to the Arizona Cotton Growers' associ
ation, subject to ratification by the va
rious local cotton exchanges. W. H.
Knox was retained as secretary and C.
Grant Jones, of Tempe, appointed spe
cial agent for the distribution of Pima
cottonseed, Iik accordance with re
quirements of the United States de
partment of agriculture. The associ
ation, directly and indirectly, has
brought into the valley 4000 adult cot
ton pickers who thus far have harvest
ed about $5,000.000 , worth of cotton.
This has been picked for three cents
a pound, said to have been lower by
one-half than the picking cost in the
Yuma valley. Egyptian cotton U some
what more difficult to pick than tbe
short staple and needs different meth
ods with which -the southern pickers
are not familiar.
The Benson Signal says Joe Young
has made good his statement that be
had a field of forage with stalks tea
feet high. He has brought In a dozen
stalks. The plant is a cross of milo
and some other grain sorghum, raised
on his place near Tres Alamos.
Joe Hooks, formerly stationed in
Douglas with the Seventh cavalry, now
at Fort Oglethrope. Ga., writes friends
here that he has been promoted to
first sergeant. Mr. Hook entered the
army to gt a commission and was
with the punitive expedition in Mexi
co. He comes from prominent south
ern family.
C. M. Iverson has become assistant
manager of the dry goods department
of the Phelps-Dodge store at Douglas,
succeeding Henry Nimitz. who went
to Bisbee to become manager of the
dry goods department of the Phelps
Dodge store there. Mr. Iverson was
in charge of the same department of
the Phelps-Dodge store some six or
eight years age but has recently been
living in Dakota.
George C. Warren, multimillionaire
president of Warren Brothers, the
paving contractors and patentees,
wbo happened to be in TustOn last
week on a tour from Boston to tbe
Pacific coast and back again, asked
the board of supervisors of Pitua
county to remit the penalties, amount-'
ing to about $5000, on the Ajo I'oad i
contract which was taken by bis com-'
pany, for non-completion on time. He)
said that tbe company lost $56.u0 ou '
the contract, !
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
Tbe Yavapai chamber of commerce
has adopted resolutions recommend iug
to the war department that Whipple
barracks be turned over to any re
sponsible civie, .. fraVertiat, secret or
benevolent association for use for edu
cational, serai military or ho-jpltal pur-'
poses. It has been Tiually accepted
that the government will not use the
barracks for military purposes In tho
near future and it is conxidcred de
sirable that the group of modern
buildlus bu t'jruej over to souie ben
eficial purpose.
Major F. E. Shine. In charge of the
Organization of tbe medical advisory
board for tbe state of Arizona, re
ported to Governor Campbell Saturday
that he already bad selected the mem
bers of the medical advisory boards
for Maricopa and pi ma counties,
wbich will be nominated to the presi
dent by wire on Monday. Governor
Campbell was yesterday given tbe
assurance by Major Shine that all of
the names for tbe advisory boards for
the remaining counties of the sta.e
wilt be in the bauds of tbe president
by next Saturday. In the intervening
five days Major Shine will visit every
county to expedite the work in readi
uess for the next quota. Work in
Organizing tbe legal advisory boards
in tbe state Is going on without de
lay, four or five counties having re
ported that they were ready for duty.
Tbe members of the bar all over the
state have signified that they were
ready for duty and ready and williug
to do tbeir bit in aiding tbe selection
of tbe next quota of men for the na
tional army.
Mr. G. P. Pannell arrived on Mon
day of this week to assume the duties
of general agent for Bowie, and has
movod bis family here. He is occupy
ing cottage No. 1 of the S. P. row.
Mr. Pannell is no stranger to Bowie,
having been stationed here about eight
years ago. and until two years ago
was agent at San Simon, since which
he was agent at Gila Bend, from which
point be was moved to Bowie.
Caes against C. R. Mobr. of Doug
las, meat market owner, charged with
selling "liquor to soldiers in uniform
and conducting a retail liquor business
without having paid special taxes were
bound over to wait the action of the
federal grand Jury. Bond on the first
charge was set at $300, in the second
at $1,000. The case came before Uni
ted States Commissioner Beumler yes
terday afternoon.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
Evidence of thorough appreciation
of R. L. Cadwell. Just resigned as
superintendent of the T. C. & G. B.,
was shown last night when the em
ployes of the road presented him
with a token of their esteem, consist
ing of a handsome leather traveling
hag end fine Winchester pump shot
gun enclosed in a leather case. The
presentation speech was made by Con
ductor Lynes. Cadwell responded in
a feeling manner, saying that while
be ippreclated tbe gift Itself, more
than (bat. be appreciated the motive
that prooiptej it Ajo News. THE BISBEETDAltTf KVlEWr THURSDATM0RN1NG7DECEMBER dri9i7.
HV5
Y. W. G. A. COMPLETE
PLANS FOR RAISING
WAR WORK FUNDS
AMERICAN SOLDIERS
ARE GETTING ACTUAL
FIGHT INSTRUCTIONS!
The committee in charge of the '
campaign for raising the war fund of
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY JN
FKAAC'ii Dec. 5 (By Associated
loung Women's Christian association hma t-ni8 8ec,,cn f n of
Tia completed Its plans for the work , thn trnnna nf fhA firRt AmM.,on di-
1' 1 "
ready to begin duties Thursday.
The district has been laid off in sec
tions, following in most part the lines
of the Liberty loan, which was work
ed so successfully in October. " .
Tire ladies in charge of the various
sections as mapped out by the general ;
committee, follow:
vision to pass through the instrue
tioiml period of the front are divided
and engaged in a theoretical battle
ufehinbi eacQ otner. The artillery and
Infantry of both sides are engaged in
maneuvers, which are being carried
put under actual battle conditions.
During the day one "army" dug
First District From the upper end J in on hiu cre8t- nere tt was
of Tombstone Canyon to Locklin ave-! "'uercu oy uie - enemy scouis auu
nue. including Wood Canyon: Mrs.laerial observers. Since the uthe ar
Slms. Mrs. Hudson and Mrs. Cobbe. j tlileT has been bombarding the dug
Second District From Locklin I ,n men.
aveune to fire station, south side only: j Oincera say the men are showing!
Mrs. C. S. Wilson. Mrs. F. E. Bennett J tne' immense value oi toe uainng
Third District From Locklin ave- 'hey have received. Tue entire oper-i
ny.e to and including Moon Canyon ation Is a realistic one, even to the)
north side only: Mrs. Ross Griffith, j aruhery firing. 1 lie American army
Fourth District From fire station I is plentifully supplied with real am
to Lincoln school, both sides of Can- j munition. No blank sheila are avail
yon: Mrs. C. A. Bailey, Mrs. C. W.abie.
Moon. Anti-Gas Instructions
Fifth District From Lincoln school A special course of anti-gas instruc-
to Meu car stop, both sides of van- Lion for all officers, enlisted men,
yon:
ran.
yr-" vV, .. ... . .. ,. V ----- - .. .
y
Mrs. M. L. Butler, Mrs. H. Cock-
Sixth District Laundry Hill: Mrs.
J. E. Cain.
Seventh District Metz car stop to
Laundry Hill car stop, south side:
Mrs. Smock and Mrs. Blair.
Eighth District Loundry Hill car
stop to Doyle House, south side: Mrs.
Barton, Mrs. Wacek.
Ninth District Laundry car stop
to W. H. Brophy's residence, north
side of Canyon: Mrs. Williams. Mrs.
NEW BIRDMAN PATENT
nBt.A. .nil ILTm Chaotc
I "Sky Hlghf Wardwell took sudden
j leave of the circus he traveled with
... M M when the constable locked bim up in
MfllkN h I Ml KT JaU t" could not hold him. Alight
uiniibw ww ww w i wn i , ing from a freight train be had board-
ed without ceremony, the soldier of
When so much is said and being fortune found work on a country
done about aeroplanes wiupicg the newspaper and fell in love with the
wsr, added interest will apply to pre- pretty daughter of an inventive genius
sentations of "Flirting With Death, who had just patented a parachute,
the Bluebird photoplay announced lor guaranteed to make aeronautics safe
esnibition at the Royal theje.-'j to- as" railroading. "Sky , High" won the
day, with Herbert Rawlinson and girl be loved and stepped Into fame
Brownie Vernon playing the star and fortune when he demonstrated
parts. The hero of the sensational the parachute. Thrilling adventures
Figures available show that gas'tomeay manes a inruuus uciupmuc .ui uc nucu iu u; um;
casualties in certain quarters at times; night, capping the climax with a mo- scdes when "Flirting With Death" is
rave reached a. higher percentage mentous parachute drop. shown at the Royal today.
civilian employees and newspaper
correspondents attached to headquar-
ters has been started. The officers
consider it one of the utmost impor
tance that all officers, even up to the
highest rank, be so trained as to be
able to protect themselves in gas at
tacks. The course will extend over
several weeks, so that all the men;
may be instructed.
Mrs
Mrs.
Gerald Sherman, Mrs. Perry,
Richardson, Mrs. Thomas and
Durfee
Eleventh District W. H. Brophy's
residence to Howell -avenue
High. Mrs. Bledsoe.
Twelfth District South . side cf
Clawson avenue to Central school and
subway: Miss Angius, Mrs. Omar
Rhodes.
Thirteenth District Main street
ceis of the line. At the outset of the'
instructions each officer and man will;'
be provided with new gas 'masks forj
nse against various varieties of gas.)
Mrs.! The masks henceforth will be con-(
stantiy kept hanay, aitnouga neaa
cuarters itself is well out of the gas.
range and in no danger. At anytime, j
however, the pupils may find them-;
selves at a place within range of the.
enemy's gas.
NEARLY TWENTY I ARIZONA BAKERIES
THOUSAND AUTOS! SOON UNDER EYES
OF THE GOVERNMENT
and all business honses to Depot: Mrs
Hunt, Mrs. Bridge, Mrs. Frankenburg. DRILLING RIG BOUGHT FOR
Mrs. Allen, Mrs. Sabin and Mrs. Kyle. CHINO VALLEY OIL FIELD
Fourteenth District ' RilKineKSi " '
young women: Mrs. Lucille Stidger.l JEROME, Arts. A standard drilling j automobiles ' in Arizona was remark-1 ruleg and
Every bakery in Arizona using more
Fifteenth District City officials: rig has been purchased In Phoenix
Mrs.- M. L. Butler. i nnit will be shinned at once to the
Sixteenth District Opera Drive. ; property of the Arizona Oil and Refin-i been issued during
Ms. Rich. ! in? rnmrarv in rhino vallev. near Del I motor VeMdle liccn!
Seventeenth District O. K. Trail: . Rio, west of this poinL Drilling is to ! opinion that the number will reach
Mrs. C. F. Hawley, Mr. Vitchel. be started only a short distance from nearly 20.000 by the first tf January.
Eiehteenth District Buslness the Santa Fe railroad and near the i The total amount of money received
houses. Brewery Gulch: Mrs. E. A. j 1700 loot hole, driven by the Chino
Secretary of State Sidney Osborne,
who has been in the city for the past
few deys renewing old acquaintances
and mr king new ones, left last evening than 10 barrels of flour a month will
for his home In Phoenix. - 1 on Monday, December 10, be placed
Mr. Osborne before leaving stated j Undr government control,
that the increase in the number of pian. for the enforcement of the
regulations under which
able. At the close of business in his
office on November 30th, there had
the year 19,762
ses. and it is nis
I for motor vehicle fees .during the 11
tese bakeries must operate are now
in course of preparation at the o'fRce
f Timothy A. Riordap, federal food
administrator for this state.
.. The rules which will go Into effect
in Arizona wlrh the licensing of the
bakeries are aimed to prevent:
1. Movement of goods to the con
business houses: Mrs. Tovrea.
Twenty-third District Upper Low-
ell. Jiggerville and the shops: Mrs.
Maston and Mrs. Gibson.
- Twenty-fdurth District Bakerville, j
Cochise and Mason: Miss Duggan and!
Mrs. Fruits. '
Twenty-fifth District Warren:
Mrs. J. M. Ross, Miss Treu, Mrs. R.
M. Fox, Mrs. Hollis, Mrs. Yoakum.
struck oil before it ! months of this year was $109,625, thus; "r1"' "l ?WUB . v
struck oil before it ' ! umr ln ay but the most direct line
,., i ,, f ,), the ... i.o..i.H i 2. Licenses dealing In food com-
666 motorcycle licenses, the fees of i mc-dlties for the purpose of creating a
which amounted to $1,609. Chaur j n,nojMy- At
feurs licenses were 895 in number i 3. The destruction of bakery prod-
and fees amounted to $3,483. Official ! nct or tbe commission of other waste.
transfers of motor vehicle licenses to ; The return of. stale bread or
the number of 1.013 were recorded i crediting the retailer for unsold bak-
durins the 11 months, bringing ln $l,-,ery products. ,
627 Si in tees. Many hundreds of" other ; 5. The manufacture of bread except
licenses changed hands, but no official in 16-ounce or 24-ounce units or mul-
transfers were recorded. For the sale ! tiples thereof.
of extra motor vehicle license plates! In explaining the scope of the new
was received. The total regime and its application to the
amount of fees collected with the ' bakers of Arizona, Timothy A- Rior-
Crocker, Mrs. J. X. Osier and Mrs. Be-1 company, that
van. caved. tnis unino company aiso , ' r r I possible and with minimum delav
Nineteenth District - Depot to C is showing signs of activity and will j of income of the Btat , ' J"1"
it a. nospuai: airs, uenry fierce. resume drilling very soon, a intra
Twentieth District From C. & A. company, tiie Arizona-Oklahoma, has
hospital through Johnson addition.) its deirick ready and has drilling a
north side: Sirs. Cummings and Mrs. i paratus on the way from Kansas.
Stratton.
Twenty-first District South side
Johnson addition, including Cowan
Ridge and Garden Hill: Mrs.' Spauld-j
ing. ,. j
Twenty-second District Lowell
POLICE SEIZE EXPLOSIVES
INTENDED FOR IRELAND
DUBLIN. The Evening Mail says
the police have seized a large quanti
ty of high .explosives which were be
ing brought to Ireland from Scotland. $644.50
one report oi tne seizure connects u
with the Sein Feinners. An arrest
has been made at Glasgow in connec
tion with the affair.
motor vehicle business received at his j dan, head of the state food administra-
office for the 11 months of 1917 was tion. said:
I $117,289.
Mrs. T. L. Houston will act as sec
retary and treasurer during the cam-
Twenty-sixth District South Bis- i paign Thursday, Friday and Saturday
bee: Mrs. Jullff and Williamson. j and members of the committees will
Twenty-seventh District Don Luis: please report to her at the Y. W. C. A.
Miss Duffy. ! The committees will report each
Twenty-eighth District Na co : ! day .M 12:30 for luncheon at the Cafe
Mrs. Tar be 11 and Mrs. Boyer. j teria.
"Standardization of bakers' bread
throughout the nation was the first
aim of the president's proclamation
n r in n r-. t-
The Golden State Limited Tuesday j placing the bakeries under federal 11
night carried out .the following Bis- j cense. And the object of stanardiza
bee citizens: J. S. Williams, for! tion Is to reduce the cost of public
San Francisco; T. H. Jewell, for Los baking and distribution, ta reduce the
Angeles; W. U. Whea'.on, for Los i waste of flour and to limit the use of
An&eles, and
Long Beach.
Mrs. Mary Brown, foY
Just the heatyou need
when and where you
need it. Ready for instant
use. Fuel ronsumed'only
when heat is needed; do
waste.Nosmokeorodor.
STANDARD OIL
COMPANY
(CA(.iroM!A)
j WITH Y
PEARI,
VV oil JLJi
l , , Z .
BISBEE RESIDENTS
MUST PAY $20 PER
TON FOR COAL
Following a meeting of the local!
fuel administration committee and!
the retail coal dealers of the Warren ,
district, the retail price of coal In
this district was fixed at $20 per ton.1
This price was agreed upon by thei
committee after the coat men bad
submitted cost sheets showing the
cost of the coal at the mine mouth,
freight rate, war tax, overhead ex-:
pense and final delivery to the con
sumer. The local dealers submitted the fol
lowing scale of cos's as their argu
ment: i
Colorado Coal 1
Coal, including freight f. o. b.
Bisbee $11.20
War tax, per ton 14
Middleman's profit per ton..,,. .15
Sacks, per ton 3.00
Labor sacking, per ton 50
Overhead expense, per ton 1.00.
Delivering to consumers, ton... 2.00 j
Retail dealers' gross profit, ton 1.76
J7
civic e to
.Parents
Teach your children the value of money
by encouraging them to save systemati
cally. Open accounts for them in this Strong
Bank starting them on the saving road
which will mean so much to them in
later life.
Bank with us.
Safe Deposit Boxes for Rent
Bi bV
Total $20.00
Cerillos Coal
Coal, Including freight f. o. b. '
Bisbee $11.20
War tax, per ton 14
Middleman's profit, per ton .15
Sacks, per ton 3.00
Labor sacking, per ton 50
Overhead expenses, per ton.... 1.00
Delivering to consumers, ton... 2.25
Retail dealers' gross profit, ton 1.66
Total..' $20.00
No other lump coal, except the two
above named, is available at this time
for domestic purposes. The Gallup,
or New Mexico coal, except mine run.
Is not to be had for domestic pur
poses. '
Reports from all over the United
States show that the cost of coal Is
much higher than It has ever been
before. This is explained by the in
creased consumption of the mineral
and the shortage - due to labor dis
turbances and congested condition of
railroad transportation.
A shortage of coal is said to exist
in this district at this time, as in
other parts, and it was agreed by the
committee that the retail price of $20
per ton was a just one.
The local fuel administration com
mittee is composed of Mayor Erick
son. B. T. Watklns and William De'
bridge. ' B. L. Smith, chairman r
the county board, also met with the
local committee.
mm
OF FIRE BURNING
OR BURGLARS
Stealing your private papers and valuables when you
shut the home for the summer.
There's Absolute Safety for both when protected
by our modern vaults
Private safes rent for $500 and up yearly.
Think this over then see.
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street. '
Will E. McKee, President
Bisbee, Arizona.
C. A. McDonald, Cashier.
j! . I
RUSSIAN SERVING IN FRANCE
REPUDIATE THE BOLSHEVIKI
(Ry Review Leased Wire)
' WASHINGTON. Russian army and
navy contingents serving In France
have repudiated the Bolshevtki regime
at Petrograd. Official dispatches to
day announced that the soldiers and
salors had presented to the French
government resolutions declaring their
refusal to recognise the faction now in
control and their purpose to remain
faithful to the provisional government
SUBS SINK MANY
NORWEGIAN STEAMERS
PERFECTION
OIL HEATER-
FOR SALE BY
Phelps-Dodge Mercantile Co., Bisbee, Ariz. H. .E. Wooten, Binbee, Ariz.
Standard Furniture Co., Bisbee. Ariz. Bisbee Furniture Co.,. Bisbee, Ariz.
Stuart Roundtree, Bixbee, Ariz. Johnson Addition Furniture Co., Lowell,
Ariz. Phelps-Dodge Mercantile Co., Lowell. Ariz. G. O. Branson Furniture
Co.. Lowell. Ariz. Chris Heikkinen. Lowell. Ariz. F. N. Wlkolt, Tombstone,
Ariz. W. A. McSparren. Tombstone. Ariz., Macbomich Mercantile Co.. Tomb
stone. Ariz. a:lps-Dodge Mercantile Co., Warren. Ariz. I'helpB-Dodge Mer
cantile Co., Xaco, Am.
sugar and lard in the preparation of
bakery bread. By-fixing the unit of
weight at one pound and ' with a
stabilized price of flour the present
differences In quality will tnd to
vanish, and 'for the period of the war
competition will be reduced to a mat
ter of price and service.
"There is nothing harsh or unjust
in any of these regulations, in that all
are placed on the same plane. Some
i of the regulaUons imposed call for the i
j very things which the bakers have
! long desired, but were prevented from
! adopting because of competition." For
: instance, investigations show that a
1 large portion of returned stale bread
j for which the retailer was credited
1 was actually destroyed and that the
' amount of good wheat flour lost to the
: nation in this one item has amounted
annually to more than half a million
barrels.
I In view of an apparent misunder
standing it was stated that all appl
ications for licenses should be made
j direct id the United States food ad
i ministration, license division, legal
department. Washington. D. L.
SUNDAY SCHOOLS TO
HELP FOOD CONSERVATION
(By Review Leased Wire!
FHIUDELPHIA. Adoptiou of cer
tain passages of scripture to be taught
In tha Sunday schools and calculated
to assist the government in its food
conservation plan featured the open
ing session here today of the tri
ennial convention of the international
Sunday School Association. All the
church periodicals in the United
States and Canada were requested to
use the special lessons.
ARMY RECRUITING
TAKES ON SPURT
(By Review Leased Wire)
l1 WASHINGTON. Iec. 5. Recruiting
for the regular army iua taken a
lipurt. Reports today showed 20.11
' men accepted yesterday, tnaklnn 271.-
562 war volunteers enrolled biiu e tho
j outbrcHk of the world. For weeks the
average daily record has been less
thau 1000.
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. During the last few
days a number of Norwegian ships are
reported to have been sunk oy sun-
marines, according to an Lxchange
Telegraph dispatch from Copenhagen.
Up to -now Norway has lost about 800
Rhins in 'this manner. Norwegian
papers assert that new and powerful
ships are being sunk without trace.
if
You .Can Get .5.CC0.to .10.CC3 , Uom
out of them by using Gates'Half-Sole Tiresj
W will put them on for you and change your old tires
into new ones at about one-ha if .the price youwould
have to pay for new tires.. ,
Your tire comes into'our plant7wornahd scarred!
.from iervice, and we deliver it back to you the same
tire made oversize and with a brand-new' non-skid'
tread of fresh rubber. S Not a .square inch of your old)
tire will be In sight, and you willnot beable.toJelUtj
frort a new tire. ' X. .
GATES TJQES
Arc absolutely f uarantmd for 3.500 mile of wrar withowt'a
MBCtire-and many men art averaging front 6, 000 to 10.0UO milrv
You cannot get this kind of guarantied ttivice from any tire on the
market without paying two or three tiruev tb tot a Gates.
Halt-Sole Tire.- - v-- .dy-
i LET US SHOW.YOUl
Don't t hrow away another worn tire until you hive inmiligitedl
the Gates Half -Sole. If you are paying the tire bills you will be ut-l
terested and we are ready to show you bow to kerp in your owal
pocket a tut part of the cost of new tires and get better tire service
t!tan you have ever bad before AWt guarar.to, U.
LOWELL MOTOR CO.
V.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
if- 1 '
?
. j I
! ! '"-'l !
t'l !
f. ; . If
I : : ??.f-S fxejjlgj
may (uiA'Ay imav uuaa$q
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRINO RESULTS
WA TER
HE A TING
AS
The process of heating water for domestic purposes has been rev
olutionized in the past few year through the introduction and
perfection of gas fired water heaters, until today it b no longer a
a problem to secure an abundance of hot water quickly and econo
mically, in any dwelling, large or smalL
Today, in the countless thousands of homes where gas fired water heaters are in
stalled, an abundance of hot water is available for any purpose. By some types of heat
ers the water is heated instantly at the turn of a faucet, by others, within a few min
utes after lighting the heaters, and all without labor, inconvenience or discomfort, ind
at a reasonable cost for gas.
LET US SHOW YOU
Bisbee Improvement Co.
y SIX
THE BISEEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 6, 1917.
.GEXEKAX TvALKDIX KS. mSTClvXEXl lETCSTAXTJS . -,
. BETWEEN' KUSSIA A XI) AX INGLORIOUS PEACE
OIL
Mining and Financial News
Y hCVICW LEASED WIRE
-.7 -1
NEW YORK MARKET
NEW YORK. Dec. 5. Second only
in importance to the president's stir
ring address to ocneress yesterday,
and even more potent as a market
stimulant, was the report submitted
to that body today by the interstate
commerce commission bearing vitally
upon the future of the railroads of
the country.
It is too early to forecast even to
an approximate degree the effect of
the commerce commission s recom
mendations, btit the course of the
stock market following the publica
tion of the report left no doubt of its
immediate significance. The first in
timation of the proposed suspension
of the Sherman law resulted in a re
bound In which prices w carried 2
and in some cases almost a points
above lowest levels. '
Industrials ani the entire war list,
as well-as shippings, coppers and spe
cialties, shared in the advance. United
States Steel rallied from its low of
86 to 897x. with corresponding gains
elsewhere. Total sales. 80S.000 shares.
Bonds were heavy for a time,' but
strengthened with the stock list. Lib
erty 4 s ruled at 97.30 to 97.62 and
the 3's 98.50 to 98 52. Total sales,
par value, . amounted to $3,150,000.
United States bonds, old issues, were
' unchanged- on call, -coupon 4's losing
of 1 per cent on sajes.
. GRAIN PRICES ADVANCE
CHICAGO. Dec. 1. Corn advanced
in price today owing more or less to
persistent smallness of receipts, de
spite announcements of a better sup
ply of railway cars. The market
closed firm. to lc net higher.with
January $1.21 and May $1.194 to
$1719.
Oats gained lMt to ll4c, and pro
visions 5fc to $1.
Alough a slight tendency to sag
was noticeable at the outset in the
corn market, prospects of new price
fixing legislation appeared to have
lost force as an element of depres
sion. Unfuifillment of hopes that ar
rivals would materially increase led
to a ' hardening of values, and there
was a further d.isplay of bullish senti
ment after a rise in the oats market
to fresh higher price records for the
season. ' The s"arcity of corn avail
able for immediate delivery was em
phasized by an advance of 5 to 10c
being quoted for new cron supplies.
Bulges in the price of oats resulted
chiefly from the fact that stocks here
were meager and receipts disappoint
ing. Buying attributed to packers hoist
ed provisions to the maximum of the
day's limit. Offerings were scarce.
Hog receipts compared unfavorably
.with last year.
COTTON MARKET
NEW YORK, Dec 5. The cotton
market today closed steady at a net
gain of 5 to 14 points.
METAL STOCKS
NEW YORK. Dec. 5. Lead,
quiet; spot. 6.31li. Spelter, quiet;
spot East St. Louis delivery, 7.62
to 8.00. Barsilver. 85.
NEW YORK
Closing Quotations December 5,
(By U J. Overlock)
Anaconda
1917
56
34
56
51i
73
93
55Vi
74
4S7a
32
133
63
54
33
16
36
88
lf9
' 80
26
23
93 V4
42 V,
-76
71
85
70
50
76
42
89
American Can
American Car
American Locomotive ... .
American Smelter .
American Sugar
Baldwin ... ...
P.eth B
C. and O "
C. F. and I
Canadian Pacific ...
Central Leather
Crucible
Distillers
Erie
Goodrich
General Motors
Industrial Alcohol
Iackawanna
Maxwell
Marine
Marine Pfd ..
Midvale
Mexican Petroleum
New York Central . . . .
Northern Pacific ... ,.
Reading
Rubber
Rep Steel .
Studebaker
Steel ...
ARIZONA
Bisbee Copper Co.
PER SHARE
FOR SALE BY
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize in Jerome
and Oatman Stocks.
P. O. BOX 1129 PHONE 28
50c
cfric
10S
39
S2'i
30
137',i
113
44
38
BOSTON
Adventure i
Allouez co
Allouez Commercial 10
Alaska 2
American Zinc 12
Butte ic
C. and A 63
C. and H 423
Chief Range 42U
Chino ...
41
10
68
37
40 N
8
1
42
31
1
6
2
27
East Butte
C.ranby . .
Green Can
Gohlfield .
Hancock . .
Indiana . . .
Inspiration
Kennecott
... .
La Salle ..
Miami . . .
Mohawk 56
Nevada 16
North Butte 12
N'iD : 7
Old Dominion 38
Osceola 56
Pond Creek 17
Quincy 64
Ray Con . 22
Shattuck 17
Superior Boston 3
St. Mary's
Shannon .
52
54
Utah Copper 78
Utah Con 12
Winona
CURBS
Arkansas and Arizona
Austin '
5
1
15
Arizona Silver King .
Big Ledge
Butte and London ...
Calumet and Jerome 1
Cornelia 14
Steel pfd
St. Paul
Southern Pacific
Sinclair Oil ...
Texas Oil
t'nion Pacific . .
V. S. M
Westinghouse .
Con Copper Mines ' 7 cIal world began to take the Chino
Con Arizona lv1'ey seriously from an oil stand-
Curtiss 28 Point, W. Sheridan Kane, financial
Denn 18 1 and mining editor of the New York
Dundee
Emma
Gadsden 1
Green Monster
Green Island 13
Hull
34
Howe Sound v 3;
Hecla 4
Inspiration Needles
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Jerome Portland
Magma Copper 43
Magma Chief
Magma Con. . . '. 3
Magnate
Pitts Jerome 50
Ray Here , 31
Stanta Rita
Tom Reed 84
United Eastern 3
TJay Here 3
Tom Reed 80
United Eastern 3
Verde Extension 33
Verde Combination
West End 63
Wolverine Arizona 1
White Caps
Wright Martin 1
NEW YORK. Dec. 5. The gloom of
the forenoon, when prices were lower
then those of yesterday were record
ed, were dispelled following ihe an
nouncement that the interstate com
merce commission recommended the
seizure of all the railroads of the,
country by the government as a war
measure. Supplemental to this edict
was the recommendation which
brought about a remarkable change
in sentiment, that in the event of
seizure taking place the commission
urges that th e government should
take steps to guarantee proper re
turns to investors on all present out
standing stocks and bonds of the rail
roads. The latter recommendation, if
carried out, and which no doubt will
be authorized, should have much to
do with encouraging holders ot the
various railroad securities, a the
same time fostering more optimistic
sentiment and be reflected in a keener
desire on the part of the investing
public to buy more freely many of
the high-grade railroad issues, which
are selling at sub-normal prices and
in many instances far below their in
trinsic merit. Not alone will this im
part more confidence to the railroad
security holders, but It should In its
entirety change the aspect of the
stock market situation as a whole.
OATMAN
(Ry Collins & Bretherton)
Argo .02
Adams ... 02
Arizona Rex
Arizona-Tom R 02
Gold Ore ... .24
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff
lucky Boy 02
SunnyBlde 02
Telluride 07
Tom Reed 80
United Eastern 3.62
United Northern .. .." ... .09
United Western 02
Red Lion ...
other'curbs
Gadsden 1.87
Green Monster 50
Butte London ... t
Dundee 62.
.03
.25
.06
.26
.05
.15
.10
.85
3.75
2.00
.62
.17
.75
lye Works
Jfi.s. r- L!wh"? wwmj iA-r.i ' is a-k.--, i .
i With Kerensky down and out, there seems to be but one hope left for Russia. Genera! Kaledines, the leader
of the Cossacks, is against Lenine and his proposals for a peace favorable to Germany. According to recent
reports from Petrograd, thousands of loyal Russian soldiers and officers are flocking to the standard of Genera
Kaledines, who is reported in control of most of southeastern Russia.
CHINO VALLEY OIL
FIELD PROMISES TO
BE LARGE PRODUCER
Arizona promises to come forward
again with a new industry to add to
the wealth of the world the produc
tion of oil.
I come months sen. when the flnnn-
; morning leiegrapn, ana ftimseir a
I mining engineer and geologist of note.
I P'd a visit to Arizona with the crime
! object of making a thorough investi-j
gation of the claims of many oil men
that this district was worthy of ex-
tensive exploration for oil
Mr. Kane came, saw, and was con
quered. So thoroughly was he con
vinced that the Chino valley was des
tined to become' an oil-producing field,
and so strongly favorable was his re
port when he returned to New York,
that it was accepted by every mining
editor in that city as final, in one
stroke, you might say, the stamp of
approval was placed on the Chino val
ley by a body of men considered to
be the greatest metropolitan newspa
per mining writers in the country.
Nor was this all. Mr. Kane de
cided to call a meeting of the mining
and financial editors of New York
city, with a view of finding out just
how strongly in favor of the Chino
valley they really were. The result
of the meeting was the formation of
what Is probably the most unusual
corporation ever organized in this
country the ' Discoverers' Financing
corporation, which now has officers
located at No. 20 Broad street, New
York City.
The Discoverers' Financing cor
poration is composed of 32 financial
and mining editors of New York city.
representing every newspaper in the
eastern metropolis. These men, be
lieving in the future of the Chino val
ley, have organized themselves for the
purpose of adding additional acreage
to that which they really control, and
it can be readily seen what power for
good the influential writers can nd
j will be
in the development of Ari
zona s new industry.
This organization of big newspaper
men is one of the most important
moves ever made in the development
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome ... ... .... .50
Jerome Verde 50
Ark-Arizona ... 05
Jerome Portland 45
Ins-Needles 06
Hull Copper .34
Magma Chief 31
Wolverine-Arizona 1.50
Miami Mother Lode
Verde Com 62
Miami Con 03
Ariz-Blsbee Copper
Butte Arizona 03
Santa Cruz Bisbee
Jerome Daisy
Nacozari Con ... -
Verde Apex... 13
Calumet and Jerome 1.31
Feather River Gold
10
.62
.10
.12
.38
.50
.76
.08
.50,
.27
.50
.42
.15
1.44
.25
All Choked Up With Catarrh?
Why Continue Makeshift Treatment?
Sprays and douches wiu never
cure you.
Catarrh is annoying enough vhen
it chokes up your nostrils Md air
passages, causing: painful and diffi
cult breathing and other discomforts.
But the real danger comes when it
reaches down into your lungs.
This is why you should at once
realize the importance of the proper
treatment, and lose no time ex
perimenting with worthless remedies
which touch only the surface. To be
We Clean
and Press
SUITS
General Kaledines (cross) and his staff.'
of any district, because If these men'U. S. GOVERNMENT WILL
knuo nA.l, .k- t .1..
Chino valley to form a company of(
their own for the exploration of prop
erty in mat aisinci, mey nave iaun 1
enough in it to give it the mining and;
financial editorial support of their j soon to issue a larmai oinctai state
papers. To those interested in seeing I ment to the federal authorities at
Arizona forge to the front as an oil-' Berne, following the example of the
producing state this indorsement of;allies. that the .United States intends 1 1
me rew rorK newspaper men snoutd
appeal most emphatically. 1
i
Nor did they make this indorsement!
wiLouui snowing inai iney were per
fectly justified in doing so. It is
established fact, well known' to those
familiar with the Chino valley, that J
oil of a high gravity paraffin basei
was discovered there some years ago;
in the original well drilled by J. C.
The records 'of this well show that
at a depth of 1900 feet the drill en
tered oil-bearing sand, which it pene
trated at a distance of 110 feet. Water
had been encountered at shallow
depth, -but was cased off, so the
drilling was continued through this
column' of water until the oil-bearing
Band was penetrated. Improper hand
ling of the water auestion is saidto
be responsible for the failure to bring
in a producing well in the Chino val
ley at that time.
Because of the improper handling
of this water the quantity of oil that
the first well was capable of produc
ing could not be determined, but the!
fact that the gas pressure from be
low forced the oil through a column
of water 1900 feet to the surface
gives an idea of the gas pressure that
was present at that depth. In addi
tion, while the oil sand penetrated In
the Chino well was 110 feet in thick-
ness, it is a well-known fact thai .
wells in the Oklahoma fields are pro
ducing from 500 to 1000 barrels of oil
per day from less than 50 feet of oil
sand. j
Much could be written about the
I posMDlimes OI Arizum as a lumir
oil-producing state. Some of the most
prominent oil experts and geologists!
of the cotin'ry stated that the indica
tions far oil in the Chino valley are
exceedingly favorable, and one of
these, E. A. Edwards, has been spe-;
cifically strong in his predictions.;
Mr. Edwards is undoubtedly qualif.ed
to judge, because he has been actively j
associated with the oil industry' for'
the past 40 years, having played prom-i
inent parts in developing the fields!
at Ventura and Whlttier, Cal., and the1
famous fields at Lima, O. '
We have long led the world in the.
production of copper. Who knows
maybe the time is not far distant;
when we will be playing another lead-
ine nart in the stage or industry py
producing much paraffin base oil. or ;
which the United States today stands!
in great need. It is staiea inai ai 1
,7the- present time the United States,
,! consumes millions of barrels more. 1
oil each month than we produce. If
Arizona could help fill this deficiency,
so much more glory to Arizona, and
so much more profit to ber citizens
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS .
rid of Catarrh, von must drive the
disease germs out of your biooa.
Splendid results have been re -
ported from the use of S. S. i.fc which
completely routs from your blood the
Catarrh germs, for which it is a per-
feet antidote. ,'.'..
S. 5. S. is sold by all druggists.
If you wish medical advice as to the
.. ' " -
treatment of your own individual
case. write to-day to Chief Medical
Adviser, Swift Specific Co., Dept. B
Atlanta. Ga.
for1
V
v.-
RESPECT SWISS NEUTRALITY
(By Review Leased Wire)
GENEVA. An announcement that
'he United States government intends
1 l '"F" 1
traiity, has produced an extremely 1a-
vorable impression in Swiss political
nnj miiitarv circle
MAKES
A POOR
COMPLEXION
LOOK BEAUTIFUL
AN DA COO DM
ONEL00KI
BETTER"
Marinello
Phantom Powder
A ftfTEmit v tor Fvwiing Dregs. Irmakes
fac, nck, arms h&ndal ekre&J!7 beautiful.
Ateolutelr harmlcw jrat iiBtantaamv in effort.
Y reventa wm-tiurn. Fodtivelycmnnot bedeUctwL
K.ilbarniaaoa aat fclloctcd by pcnpmtiaa.
Fm denwnxratkxi b (npliaitica or rnd two
eaot (or Sampi mxA booklec,"Carol th. Skin."
McDonalds Maiinello Shop
Phone 305
CiiyBlacksmith
- Shop
Under new management.
Expert horse shoeing.
Wagon work of all kinds.
Truck and wagon beds
made to order. Satisfac
tion guaranteed.
H. P.
FRIEDENRICHSEN,
Prop.
Legal Notices.
NOTICE OF SALE OF REAL ES
TATE
In tne Superior Court of ths Statn
of Arizona. in and for the Counry
r,.i,i.
of Cochise.
In the Matter of the Ts sie of Mary
I. Cunningham, Decea;c1.
Notice is hereby given, that in pur
suance of an order of the Superior charleg ounmRbam who. said pti
Court of the. State of Arizona in and t,oner alleKe8 i8 deoeased. and that
for the County of Locl.ls.?, made and , ,eUerg tesumentery issue thereon to
entered on December 1. 1917. the u 1- gai(, petjtioner an(i that same will be
designed adminlstrvtnr of the estate neard on Saturday. the i:ih day of
of Mary I. Cunningham, deceased, will December. A. D.. 1917. at 10 o'clock
sell at private sale, to the hlshet hid- ln tne forenoon of 8aid day 6t the
der, upon the terms; and conditions . rturt nom of gaid Court , the rourt
hereinafter mentioned, an'l subject to House ln clty of Tombstone,
confirmation by said court, on or after ! County of Cochise. State of Arizona.
Saturday, December 22. 1917, all an(1 all per8ong interested in oatd es
rights. titles, intercut an l cRtates o?jgtate are notified then and there to
said Mary I. Cunningham, deoeased, ,., ,nH -hn if nT ther
i!n and to tne following described min -
nr ram
, An undivided tone.tweUth (1.12) ,n.
1 tereRt m tne ..John pai8y minlnR
c)aim situa in the Warren Mining
, Di8tr,ct ,n tne Countv 0f Cochise.
j S(ate of Arizona
Tne terms and conditions of such
1 gjie are a8 follows: For cash in lawful
1 money 0f the United States of Amer-
Au bids n,ust be in writing and
! may De ieft jn (ne iaw offices or Ellin -
jwood & Ross, in the City tt Bisbee.
, County of Cochise, State of Arizona.
Shoe Repair
ing at Regu
lar Prices!
taery
A Logical
The Jerome Verde Copper Newt, in its issue of November 29th,
under the heading "OUR OIL FIELD," print the following: .
"Practically the last doubt that the Chino Valley field is to be ,
drilled for oil at an early date has been removed. Several of the
companies formed to exploit the .field are financed to the point
where they are justified in putting up derrick and ordering rigs.
The interest that is being taken in Jerome, Phoenix, and elsewhere
In. Arizona will make it easy for these companies to go right ahead
and put down well without delay.
"Therefore we can look forward to and prepare for one of the
biggest oil booms in history. The new field is right at Jerome'
door and if the peoole of thi camp fail to participate In the
enormous fortune that are almost certain to be made it will be
their own fault.
"Little doubt exist that the companies which drill properly
In the Chino field will get oil rn commercial quantities. In fact,
the chances are that they will get oil in greater quantities than It
has ever been found elsewhere, for nowhere else I there such a
bed of oil sand a the original well of the Chino Valley Oil Com -pany
penetrated.
"Chino Valley 1 not In the position of the ordinary unexolored
field. It is pretty nearly proven already. Not one geologist or
practical oil man who has looked over the valley ha turned it
down. On the contrary, every one of them ha endorsed it en
thusiastically. 1
"Morevoer, oil has actually been found oil with gat pressure '
o strong as to force it up through a 1900-foot column of water.
"The wonder is that Chino Valley ha not been exploited before, .
that it is not today one of the greatest producing oil field in th
world. But we here on the ground who are in a position to partici
pate in the profit just ahead arc not going to cry about past
neglect." A
The Jerome Verde Copper New is, you might say, "on th
ground." They are in a position to know what can be expected
in the new CHINO VALLEY DISTRICT. And they are not given
to making rash predictions.
The United Chino Oil A Refining Comoany, owning outright
960 acres of chosen ground in the Chino Valley, I offering it is
sue direct, under permit from the Arizona Corporation Commission
which read that at least 60 per cent of the money YOU PAY
hall be used in ACTUALLY DEVELOPING THE PROPERTY, and
shall not be used for advertising; or any other expense other than
ACTUALLY SEARCHING FOR OIL.'
And Jack Bolin. George Mac Bean and Frank Brown will see
that your money DOES go into the ground. You know that you
can depend upon these men, who make Arizona THEIR HOME and
who have been prominently identified with public a "fairs here for
long term of years.
Now is the time to come in for few dollar now is the time
to take a chance and help explore the Chino Valley. It i th
pioneer who always reap the rich return in the Oil Industry
and if you come in with the right kind of people, who will use your
money for development in the right way, you. stand a good chance
of cleaning up a fortune from an investment of a few dollar.
ONLY $25.00 BUYS ONE THOUSAND SHARES
ONLY $100 BUYS FOUR THOUSAND SHARES
And only Four Thousand Shares might make you a Hundred
Thousand Dollars.
UNITED CHINO OIL & REFINING COMPANY
Office 15 North
PHOENIX,
JACK BOLIN, President FRANK BROWN. Vice-President
State Mine Inspector of Arizona. United States Labor Commissioner
GEORGE MACBEAN, Secretary-Treacurer
City Commissioner, Phoenix, Arizona
ORDER THROUGH YOUR BROKER
L.J.OVERLOCK
OR COMPANY'S AGENT AT
NUMBER 7 MAIN STREET
who are the attorneys for said admin-1 Notice ts hereby given that John S.
istrator. or said bids may be left with Williams. Jr.. has filed in this Court
the undersigned administrator, whose j a certain document purporting to be
place of business is at The Bank of the last Will and Ttestment of Mary
Bisbee. in the City of Bisbee, State . Morris, together with aia pet i Jon that
of Arizona, r said bids may be filed j said document he admitted in this
in the office of the clerk of the afore- Ciurt as the last .Will and Testament
said cour and all bids shall be filed j of said Mary Morris, who. said petit
after the first publication of this no-, ioner alleges, is deceased, and that let
tice, and before the date for making ters testamentary issue thereon to
said sale. ?aid petitioner, and that same will he
Dated this 6th day of December, heard on Saturday, the 15th tiay of
17. December. A. D. 1917, at 10 o'clock, in
M. J. CUNNINGHAM, the forenoon of said day, at the court
Administrator of the Estate of Mary 1. 1 room of said Court, in the Court Hons.
Cunningham, Deceased. 52! in the City of Tombstone. Conr.ty of
. 1 Cochise, State of Arizona, and ail per-
NOTICE OF HEARING PETITION sons Interested in said estate are ao-
tified then and there to appear anl
In the Superior Court of Cochise Conn- show cause, if any they hare, why th
ty. State of Arizona. ! prayer of said petitioner shoaH wt bo
In the Matter of the Estate of
Charles Cunningham Decease!.
Notice is h?r-;by gl"n that Liszie
Cunningham has filed in this Court a!
certain document purporting to be the j
last Will and Testament of Charles j
Cunningham together with her pmI
tion praying that said 'Pocument be ad
mitted to probate in this Court as the j
I last Will and Testament cr saia
ihaTe wnT the prayer of gald petitioner
u j
1 IJ . w . J
1 j. r JAUE-l,
Clerk.
C. L. ALLEN.
Deputy Clerk.
Dated, November 30. 1917. 610
NOTICE OF HEARING PETITION
! In the Superior Court of Cochise Coun-
1 ty. State of Arizona.
tin the Matter of the Es'ate of Mary
Morris. Deceased.
Gulch
I
'reoiction
Second Avenue
ARIZONA
-granted
J. E. JAMES.
Clerk.
C. L. ALLEN.
Deputy Clerk.
Dated. November 30, 1917. 809
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior. U. S. Land
office at Phoenix. Arizona, Novem
ber 17, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that George
W. Keahey of Bisbee. Arizona, who. on
July 7. 1916. made homestead entry.
No. 030367. for township 22S. range.
23 E. G. A S. R. B. & meridian, has filed
notice ot intention to make three-year
prtof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor. U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 26th day of December.
1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Edward E. Thomas ot Bisbee. Aria.
Charles N. Thomas, of Bisbee. Aria.
August F. Bornego, of Lowell. Ariz.
Keller Hogan, Bisbee. Aria.
J. L. IRV1N.
Register.
First Publication. Ntr. 23. 1917.
Last Publication. Dec. 26. 1811
Adv-364
NEXT DOOR TO
RACKET STORE
phone sac THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 6, 1917.
SEVEN
y
r
V
!
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under this bead
Usae, with a minimum charge of 25
Re Tie w o trice sot later than 8 p. m.
Male Help Wanted
LEARN actual ante repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
log. Y. M, C. A, Los Angeles. Cat
alog free.
HELP WANTED Application for
"Review" routes asked tor from
WIDE AWAKE boyi between 13 and
IS yean old. 128
SALESMEN WANTED Men who are
alive and capable of putting over a
legitimate oil promotion in an ag
gressive manner. Strong Arizona
directorate and extensive publicity
backing, company selling its own
stock. Addreea Bos 1351, Phoenix,
' Arizona. Write or wir. 620
WANTED Dishwasher, at the Stag
- Club. 618
WANTED Live wire accident and
health insurance agent to take sub
agency lr Bisbee. - Liberal contract
right man. See Empey, Copper
Queen Hotel, 1 to 3. 672
rl Female Help Wanted
WANTED Lady to work and to help
tend store. Inquire Home Industry
Furniture Store, Lowell. 557
WANTED Skilled woman stenogra
pher -desires position. ' Ton years'
experience. Address Stenotrrapne-.
Review. . - ., .11
WANTED Girl for genera) house
work. Address Warren Drug (.", 645
WANTED A woman " . for " general
housework. Tel. 739. 620
WANTED Girt tor general house
work. 37 Nevada street,' Johnson
Addition. Mrs. W. H. Day. 622
WANTED A woman
fc'ousework. Tel 793.
for
general
620
Wanted
WANTED Wbman to work in private
hoarding bouse. Mrs. N. Swing, 1
tank HiU. .. ' ' 875
WANTED Typewriting to do at home
of evenings. Box 137C, Bisbee Ar
Jzona. ' 760
WANTED Telegraphers, stenograph
ers, bookkeepers; students earn
board, room tuition. Mackay Busi
ness College. Los Angeles. 789
WANTED Boarders in privte board
ing house, 183 Temty Ave. 090
WANTED To rent three to six room
furnished house, with lights, water
and gas; preferably close in. Phone
2. P. O. Box 162, Biebdee. 634
WANTED Clean cotton rags. Review
Job Department 624
WANTED Second hand 4 or 5 inch
well casing, 400 to 1000 feet. Address
Box 877, Bisbee. 666
WANTED Dresser kitchen cnbinet,
table, rugs. J. E. Cary, Gen. Del, Bis
bee. 665
For Sale
FOR SALE Improved ranch In Sur
phur Springs Valley. House, bain,
well and wiu'I.mlr. all fenced, oett
grazing land in Uio valla); nt:een
miles from diafcve. Apply to I. W.
Wallace. 5S1
FOR SALE Cheap, one 1912 model
Studebaker strip down racer. A-l
condition. Can see same after 6
o'clock p. m., big yellow .house
across from Loretto school, ask for
Jack Dean. . ."""'' 594
FOR SALE Good paying, small buUr1
ness. Suitable for twr ladies, or
man and wife. Address business.
Box 132. Bisbee. 578
FOR SALE or exchange for property
hi Douglas Cabins. V care Review.
56gi
FOR SALE 4-room modern bouse. A
first class home, close in. Apply M.
C High. Allen Block. 631
run. oaljj mie moaei j-ora. reouui i
with . racing teats, eto. will climb
any hill near Bisbee on high, A snap
for quick sale. . G. S Review. 647
FOR SALE 6-room house, best loca
tion, in town. Box 1111. City. 49
FOR SALE Near High School, com
fortable borne, with modern conve
niences; partially furnished; yard
fenced and with shade trees.. Call
afternoon. Ill School Hill.. 633
PETEY DINK Petey Doesn't Say Pieces or Any of That
- ' ' . . j
f viccNoo Pose ( -v 1 V-j TrA " "A Ch VitiAseN f ,, , A !j ?''MfiM f
U 'W ,Tr4tS PlCTURC j Oo DO ? i'4 r0..rt r-'., J UKC Th Ifl fig Nr 7 T ' T STA.KO r
at the rate of 1 cent per word tor each
cents. Advertisements mast reach Tb
for Insertion in the next morning paper
For Sale
FOR SALE 160 acres, good farming
land in Sulphur Spring Valley. E
Sulger, C. & A. Office, Warren, 116
FO SALE OR TRADE 160 acres W
good land with 300 inches of water
on it from Colorado river. This land
is located in Palo Verde Valley In Im
perial district in California. Land is
very best for anything. R. P. Rad
ich. Box 3086. Lowell, Arix. 487
FOR SALE 6 room bouse with 2 lots
30x110. basement under whole
house. Concrete wall all around both
lots. 45 bearing fruit trees. All
fenced with wire fencing. Garage,
barn and chicken houses. For fur
ther information call on r address,
A. Parker, the Gyp block house build
er. P. O. Box 942, Warren. 315
FOR SALE Improved lot. Tombstone
Canyon. Payments, Box 641, city,
464
FOR SALE Stida fountain and lunch
room at a reasonable price. Very ;o
rent. Inquire Warren Dairy Lunch
Room, Naco Road, Lowell. 517
FOR SALE Completely furnished
house, 3 rooms, bath and sleeping
porch, level ground. Phone Black 394
447
FOR SALE A new Oakland 6 touring
car. never used $970 by G. L. Coats,
Mesllla Park. New Mexico. 466
FOR SALE 1 new Ford engiae built
especially for truck. Aluminum pis
tons, latch piston, 3 leak proof rings
bearings ground in Bosch Ford mag
netos. Price 1220. G. L. Coats. Mes
Ilia Park. New Mexico. 465
VACATION IN FRANCE permits some
lucxy reiiow to own trand new Ford
roadster: run less than 200 miles
Extras, including new tires, and in
su ranee for one year, free with sale
Ask for Mr. MeatTjws. P. D. store
Warren, between 1 and 2 Monday oi
address Box 3113, Lowell. 584
FOR SALE Lease and furniture ol
' rooming house clearing $100 pel
. month. ' For particulars, write Bo:
2490. 554
FOR SALE Four rooms of furniture
house to let Call after 7 p. m., 2;
Toms tone Canyon, across from Cas
tle Rock Studio. 605
FOR SALE Fresh milch cow. Behint
Brophy Canal, Lowell. Joe Diaz
, 803
FOR SALE Practically new furnt
ture. Inquire John Eddy, Fair Store,
or at house. Tombstone Canyon. 621
FOR SALE 12-room completely fur
nished house; A No. 1 condition;
good location; rents for $80; wil!
sell at a great bargain. Johnson Ad
dition. Apply to M. C. High. 632
FOR- SALE 7-room modern house, in
. good condition, 3 lots. Will sell a:
a bargain. School HilL Appiy w M
C. High, Allen Block. 631
FOR SALE Four-roomed house, fur
nished, in So. Bisbee. See Mrs. Jas
McNeils, So. Bisbee. 61
Furnished Rooms
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished room
12.00 per week and up. 40f
LARGE front ixm newly furnished,
piano, wall beds, sunshine, swell. Ov
er Independent Feed Store, Vppei
Main. , 571
FURNISHED CABIN with screer
porch. Suitable for batching. Applj
45 High Road. U,
FOR RENT One large front room
with screened porch, suitable forvmt
or two men, 101 Higgins HilL 571
'0R RENT Three furnished roon-s.
inquire Bisbee Furniture Co.. O. K
Street 593
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 8 Garden Hili. 623
FOR RENT Two housekeepint,
rooms. 49 O. K. street 62;
FOR RENT Furnished apartment, ol
two I'jonis and sleeping porch. No
19 Tombstone Canyon, Barnum's
stop. No children. 668
FOR RENT Large room, furnished
for housekeeping: light water;-$16.
Back El Paso House, Brewery Ave.
' 669
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
LEADING STATESMEN OF MANY NATIONS TAKE PART IN
; . INTERALLIED WAR CONFERENCE IN FRENCH CAPITAI
: ;7 Ys-J s is...- ; s.L-;n VJ
. . . M r
Left to right, above: Premier
! Ck-mcnreau. Premier Orlanda ar.d
Premier Venizelos, Baron dv
Broqueville, Col. E. M. House,
llarnn ChinA anil Primlr a
taking part in th sreat interallied , baron Ihmda or Japan, and tlu
Prominent statesmen of many na-' war conference at Paris. Among the therios Venizelos, Greek pii'mier an J
tions now at war with Germany are 'leading figures at the conference are minister of war.
For Kent
fOR RENT--3 room furnished house,
237 School Hill. 519 ;
.''Ort RENT Garage. Place for 2 cars. ,
See Mrs. Gaffney, near graveyard,
LoweH. -478;
OR RENT One garage, light, and
water $5 per month. Playfair, 98 Ma-'
son Hill. Phone Blue 647. !
i
.-"OR irOCT Fqu:--;--- f 'iit i! "cl "
house. 170 Opeia Drive. 613
."OR RENT Tn'o-room house, furni-.
ture for sale. Bargain. Must bej
seen to be appreciated. Apply at
Midway Confectionery,, Johnson Ad
dition. 626
TOR RENT Three-room house, gar-j
age and chicken houses. L'Jn Luis, ;
one mile from postoffice. Apply
Strajick. 628
X)R RENT House six rooms, also
three-room furniture for sale; one or
both; terms. Pohne 825. 646
?OR RENT Batching cabins, suit
able for two. 104 Youngblood Hill.
50
"OR RENT or for tale on terms. 3
l'jom house, pantry, chicken house
and pen. $10 per mon:h. Box 1874.
Phone 634. 648
'"OR RENT One room for batching; 1
piped for gas. light and water, price '
$8.00. 67 Upper Lowell. 664
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
AT CLEARY. painter. Member
Builders' Exchange. Box 1195. 347
Miscellaneous
BLACKSMITH. Horseshoeing, Re
paring of all kinds, also place for
automobiles to park; springs welded
a specialty. Mason Blacksmith, Low
ell. J.. L. Strajick. 629
EXPERT paper hangar and painter. C.
J. Brandt. Pho"ho 456, Box 150. 579
Money To Loan.
1MALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, at
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building. 166 .
Stuff.
. ,. - ' I it-.?;. J I i
' . f-a ..? Ill
4rX . A i I J 1 1
br nl
ARSENAL EMPLOYE IS f
. ARRESTED AS HUN AGENTj
(By Review Leased Wire)
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 4 Govern-;
ment agents tonight aTested William
Ledkcwski, who until ' June 23 last
was employed at the Frankford arse-1
nal, on a technical charge of defraud-!
ing the government, but whose action.
it is alleged, was part of well laid 1
plans to interfere with the govern-1
ment's war munition program.
LtidkOWski, itU to be GtUl.mU
American, was engaged at the arse-!
nal in attaching fuses to shells. In-;
stead of connecting them so the shell 1
would explode, officials declared he ;
did not insert the paper lining he- j
tween fuse and shell, thus disabling
thousands of shells. ' j
There Is more Catarrh In this section of
the country than all other diseases put
together, and until the last few years
was supposed to be incurable. For a
great many years doctors pronounced it a
local disease and prescribed local reme
dies, and by constantly falling to cure
with loeal treatment, pronounced it Incur
able. Science has proven Catarrh to be a
constitutional disease, and therefore re
quires constitutional treatment. Hall's
Cataroh Cure, manufactured by V. J.
Cheney Sk Co.. Toledo, Ohio, is the only
Cons' itutional cure on the market. It is
taken Internally. It acts directly on tlie
Mood and mucous surfaces of tiie system.
They offer one hundred dollars for any
case it fails to cure. Seed for circulars
and testimonials.
Address: F. J. CHFVKT it CO.. Toledo. O.
Sold by DrurKlsts. 76c.
Take Hall's Family Pills llr constlpaUoa.
To Exchange
EXCHANGE S'-ocks' or mineral cabi
net for osmall dwelling. Canyoh pre-
" fcrred. State location. Address Box
280, Bisibee. 539
LOST
$10.00 REWARD wijl be paid for the
return of package of oapers lost in
Bi.sbee belonging to A. G. McGregor, I
Warren. 524 j
LOST Monday night, a gentleman's :
diamond ring, between Johnson A a-,
dition and Bakerville, probably in ai
jitney. Finder notify Review or
phone 813; suitable reward. '613,
WILL party wlA took the pocket-;
book wiih $12. at handkerchief coun-'
tcr, Wool worth's store, return to Re-!
view, and save further trouble, a.s !
they are known? No questionoj
askrd. 673
- -.--.5
1 ' vi
1
0!. t'.. M. House, repress a. the
. United States: Premier Lloyil Ceorpe
, of England, Premier Clemencejiu of
i F ranee, Premier Orlando of Italy,
' Premier Costa of Portugal. Foreiifii
Minister He Broqueville cf Belgium,
TUCSON. Charles P. Cresson, a
young medical student, arrested on
the border on a charge of espionage,
has been dismissed from custody. In
stead o." being a radio telegraph op
erator, he showed he is an expert in
radio photography, for which he used
several mysterious bits of apparatus
found In his possession.
Ally's Fc:?-s:3 tor tSia Trsops,
Many war znuo b- ;;i :s bave ordered Allca's
ioot-jumi, i-S lti:,(ur ucstio:i;,
iheiroul. f:n niutolhebi; and sprinkled it
tha footrbaili, Allen's F- Kane ives rest an
comfort, takes the friction from the shoe, and
prevents the feet getting tired or foot-tore. Drag
and Dcrartmi-nt ftorcs everywhere sell it, SSc
Don't aaxpi any tubtituU. Try It to-day.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
Legal Notices.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3374.
Serial No. 036635.
Cnited States Land Office, Phoenix.
October 31, .1917.
Notice Is hereby given that R. A.
Bretherton and C. M. Henkel, co-owners,
whose postolBce address is Bisbee,
Arizona, have made application for
patent for the following named lode
mining claims, situated in the Warren
.Mining District, Cochise county, Arizo
na, in Sections 13 and 14, Township 23
S, kange 24-E, unapproved, G. & S. R.
B. & M.; described as follows, to-wit:
"ROCKLAND" Beginning at ctrner
No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence the
Wl-4 cor. sec. 18 T. 23-S. R. 25-E, G. &
3. R. B. & M. bears S.78" 58' E. 3233.9
feet; thence N. 83 34' W, 1158.70 feet
to corner No. 2; thence N. 78 20' W
347.50 feet to corner No. 3; thence N.
2 14' W. 574 feet to corner Na 4;
thence S. 83 34' E. 1,500 feet to cor
ner No. 5; thence S. 2 04' E. 606 feet
to corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 13.658 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey No. 3153. Rolla lode of
1.858 acres.
"BLACK BEN." Beginning at cor
ner No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence the
1 Wl-4 cor. cf Sec. 18. T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G.
Lodge
4IS3EE LODGE. HO. 718.
I leeta evei? If ru ui, MoobO HalL
Isltiug brothers cordially invited.
V. R. TONKIN. DicUtor.
KAY BOSS, Secretary.
.UNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meeta ic Mediguici
Hall, second and fourtl
Tuesdays' each monu
Visiting brother
coma.
f D. LANE, Councillor.
I. L. BENTON, Recording Secretary
-OYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES UR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L- O. U NO. 21U.
Meets tn L O.
t O.F. HaU firt.
and third
MONDAY .
at 7:30 p. tu
Visiting brotn
era cordially
Invited to at
tend
1FO SLEEMAN. W. M.
, ROBERT FERGUS. Seretarv
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
YEOMAN .
Richard I. Homestead' 895, meets
v?5j
I second and fourth Tuesday at Odd SdMTK ?
' Fellows' hall. UlUng Archers are;,i8tera are niiiiw
: cordially invited.
MRS. C C. FINLAYSON. Fbreman
P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON, Correspondent
Box 1453.
Rathbone Lodge No. 10.
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday ,
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30;
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
RANK BRUNING. C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM, K. of R. S.
1
' & S. R. B. &. M. bears S. (0 03' E.:
i -737.2 feet; thence N. 78 20' W. 1150.-j
I KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
I -.0 feet to corner No. 2; thence N. 65 i " J .
: :Z- W. 377.80 feet t comer No. S:!"81 Secretarr. P. O. Box ZZii.
i hence N. 2 04' W. 530.40 feet to cor-j wu-
! ier No. 4; thence S. 78 20' E. 1500: BISBEE LODGE. No. 10, I. O. O. F.
j eet to corner No. 5: thence S. 2 04' Meets every
' "3. 617.60 feet to corner No. 1, the plac i 1 y lj WEDNESDAY
f if beginning, containing a net area of j evening at Odd
! :0.112 acres, expressly excluding area ' Fellowt Hdl.
I n conflict with Sunshine lode of this ' "reet t7:0, ? - Visltiif
urvey of 0.208 acres.
-SUNSHINE. Beginning at corner
. N'o. 1, the S. E. corner, whence the W
- M cor of Sec. 18, T. 23- R. 25-K,' G.
S. R. B. & M. bears S. 78' 51' E. 6.
; 2f. feet; thence S. 82 04' W. 959.30
eet to comer No. 2; thence N. 1 41'
: H 600 feet to corner No. 3: thence N.
I 11 48' E. 960.10 fet to corner No. 4:
' hence S. 1 41' W. 604.50 feet to cor,
: ter No. 1, the place of beginning, con-
aining a ret area of 13.860 acres, ex
: ressly excluding aera in conflict with
"urvey No. 2412. Apache lode of 0.217 ,
teres.
The location notices of these claims'
ire recorded in the office of the Coun-:
ty Recorder of Cochise county, Arizo
. na, as follows:
Rockland, Book 49, Record of Mines,
page 137.
Black Ben. Book 49, Record of Mines
page 132. j
Sunshine. Book 49, Record ot Mines
page 139. j
The names tof the adjoining claims to
this survey are; on the north. Survey
; No. 2412. Apache lode; Neglected and
.. ..,. a .
, ,. . 1 .. .......
'tcreln; Warren lode, unsurveyed: on.
the East Surrey No. 3158. Rolla lode;
lode; Survey No. 2176, Carmelita and j
Corona lodes; Survey No. 2221 Shat-I
tuck No. 2; and Survey No. 3153, Car
nelita and Corona lodes on the West
Survey No. 1794. Calumet lode.
J. L. IRWIN. Register.
First publication, Nov. 7. 1917.
Last publication, Jan 16, 1918.
!
Notices
WEU ENDING, DEC. 8, 1S18.
Monday.
Thursday. Blue Reg.
Mark Master.
N C BLKDOb. . i -
B T. W ATKINS. Pecy. F. A. M
A M COLWELL. K. H P.
K PHILBKOOK. T I U.
J K KH Y h c
f a DAVENPORT. Secreury Charu
and Comm&adory.
W R. BANKS, Secretary Council
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Klsbee Lodge No
452 meeu the Is
and 3rd Monday
of each month at
7:30 at Medlgo
vich HalL Visit
mg members cordially invited.
PHIL. DAVIS, President
MRS. C. E. F1NOTTI, Treasorat
Box 722. TeL 236. Red.
KATHER1NE SALHOLM, Secretary.
LOQGI NO. 671.
Rerular meeting flrst and third rrt
day of each month. VUiting brother
cordially invited to attend.
R E WARNER. Exalted Ruler
I A. KELLY. Secretary.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Uly Temple, No. 3jdmu averr xaa
: nn At Thnn.. . 1 . . .
listers are cordially invited.
NNA HART. M. E. C
JEANET SWEENEY. M. ot A. C
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
BUbee Aerie. No. 175. r. O. E mmri
! Brr; and third MONDAYS, 8. p. m,
j Eagles Hull Visitor cordially el
come.
RICHARD DAVIS. President
C. L EDMONSON. Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECUR
ITY. BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115
Meets every Second and Fourth Sat-
urdays In the mbnth at L O. O. F.
jhalL 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially Invited.
j ARNOLD SCHMID. President, P. C
Bos 3483. Lowell. Ariz.
FREDFJUCK J. ATTAWAY.
PecreUry. IAwell
' Hall phone 11 .
GEO. MUNSEY. N. O.
C. D. KIRBY, Secretary.
If.I'ROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets Orst and third
Thursdays at 7:40 p, m.
in Medlovicb HalL All
vIsitiDg Red Mn invited
to attena.
Wm. DELB RIDGE, Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Medicine Mas
. F. C FENDERSON. C ol 1
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Blsbe Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tneeday at
Odd Fellows Hall.
R. L. MOTZ. ConmL
H. F MATHEWSON.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets In Masonic Hal
Pearl Chapter. No. (. meeta
In Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday ot eac
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. ANNA C. RICI
RICHARDS. W. M.
'Phone 230. P. O, 3ox S4L Bisbee.
MRS JESSE BEVAN, Sec'y. P. O. Box
.j, chairman Relief Com. Phone 16L
WOODMEN OF THE WOLD.
IX) well Camp Na 4( will
meet every Wer'rvaday
at 7:30, BropNy HaU.
,H. C. LANDAIT, C. C.
O. a THOMAS. Clerk
All Woodmen Invited.
By C A. VOIGIIT
a4
kHeJ
V7 EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 6, 1917.
Oroheum Theat
1 Last Time Tonight - Last Time Tonight
i
COMMENCING 6:15 P. M.
WILLIAM FOX PRESENTS
m
t
ML.
N
A
TONIGHT LAST TIM E
STARTING 6:15
TRE
TONIGHT LAST TIME
THE MAN
F
R
WHO WAS
PAINTE
O
D
POST?
IN
A Masterpiece of he Northern Country Without An
Equal.
Pathe News No. 89 Showing Current Events
1
ADMISSION 11c AND 17c INCLUDING WAR TAX
ii I
ANKS
As Fancy Jim Sherwood, the Supposed Tenderfoot, who in reality proves to be the best shot with either hand west of the Rockies, and after many
exciting experiences cleans up a band of notorious cattle rustlers. A motion picture of rapid fire action, thrills, humor and exceptional scenic
qualities' CONCEDED TO BE DOUG'S BEST OFFERING.
i
MUSIC BY ORCHESTRA
ADMISSION 15c AND 25c
THIS INCLUDES WAR TAX
KNIGHTS
OF PYTHIAS,
TION
ATTEN-
ale
All members are requested to be
present Thursday evening, nomina
tions and election of officers for next
semi-annual term.
Adv 670 FRANK ERUNING, C. C.
ELECTION OF OFFICERS
By Warren Camp No .IX, W. O. W.. at
7:30 o'clock, Friday night, Dec. 7ii,
at Medigovich Hall. All members
are expected to be present.
PIERCE BLCA'T. C. C.
C. N". THOMAS, Clerk.
Adv. H't
D
TOMORROW
a :
EAGLE THEATRE
MRS. DUKE "AIDS
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
GREATER STARS, GREATER PLAYS
VISITING HERE
. Vr T H RhndpR nf Freann Pali.
IN WAR BAZAAR fornia, is spending a few weeks here,
, on a visit to her sister, Mrs. R. A.
I Davidson. Mrs. Rboades and her
! husband were former residents of thi3
city until a few years ago, when she
moved to California.
D
THE PHOTOPLAY SENSATION OF THE YEAR
A-F-T
A Metro Super Production in Seven Exciting Acts
A Historical Production With the Star Delightful
M
ABEL
1 A I A
1 L.
THE PICTURE OF THE HOUR FOR ALL TRUE AMERICANS
NIGHT 15c AND 25c
ADMISSION, MATINEE 15c
I
. 1 1 i
. ' : : . . -.:... s
V:..
STOLE SADDLE
While the banquet was going on at
the Country club last evening, some
'jne entered the barn at that place and
carried off a saddle belonging to Tom
Evans, the steward. As soon as the
theft was discovered tha officers
phoned a description of the saddle to
different parts of the county in an ef
fort to head off the thief.
at New York would reach him. The
letter stated that he had been in the
'service of the navy for over four
years and that copies of the paper
had reached him in ail parts of the
world. He added that nothing was
more cheerful to the men away from
home than home papers and letters.
r
MAKING GOOD PROGRESS
The Warren Basin Copper Mining
company are making good progress
in sinking the shaft on their property'
in the Warren mining district. Mr.
Esparcia "reports that he has already
encountered a mineralized formation
showing copper and silver, and he is
very optimistic as to the ultimate
l success of the enterprise.
IN OPERATION SOON
Parties who have returned from
Cananea during the past few days
stale that things are moving rapidly
in getting the smelters and mines in
shape and that it is generally under-
: stood that the company will have the
furnaces started and copper matte
turned out by the 15th of the present
month. AH the heads of the different
departments are on the ground and
have their forces organized and the
work is progressing- radidly. T. Ev
ans, the general manager, is at the
camp directing the movements. All
of the stages out of Naco are filled
with passengers every morning, while
the trains are carrying the baggage
and supplies.
Business Locals
MADAM CAGNEY
- Reads your destiny. Call before
making changes or new investments.
In a tent across from Central Theatre.
Adv-47
It will pay you to nave ns cneck the
electrical .system on your car. Loh
man Wiight, LowelL . Adv.-360
If you need a tinner call Mainland &
Williams, Phone 302. Shop in rear of
Orpbeum. Adv.-134
BISBEE TOMBSTONE STAGE
Will run daily leaving Warren at Cole
building at 6: SO a. ni. and 1 p. m. Bis
bee at E. P. & S. W. depot at 7 a. m.
and 1:30 p. m. Tel. 36G. Joe Segar.
Adv-DSO
When your tooth aches, see a den
tist When your battery is ailing, see
battery experts. Willard Service Sta
tion, LtowelL Adv.-360
Knights of Columbus Dance, Turi-j
day, Dec. 6th, K. of C. Hall. Long's
Jazz Orchestra. Gentlemen, ono dol
lar.. Refreshments. Adv. 619 i
City Briefs
i
GET IT !
What you pay ftr. Lowell Paint j
Shop. Phone 701, Box 3994, Lowell.!
Satisfaction guaranteed. Adv.-2C2 ,
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell :
the Society Editor, Phone 39. !
:
WARREN DISTRICT SOLDiERS'
COMFORT CLU3
rWill give a dance at . O. O. F. Hall,
Saturday, Doc. 8. at X: 39. Proceed to
go toward Christmas boxes t'Jldiers '
and navy boys. Tickets, $ 1.00. Ladies
free. Duty of everyoue to turn out.
Alv. 604
FROM CALEXICO
Mrs. G. F. Moore of Calexico, Cal.. is
visiting in Bisbce with her sister, Mrs.
F. F. Johnson.
:. i::;:1'
FUNERAL HELD
The funeral services over the re
mains of the late Mrs. Fred Sutter
were held yesterday afternoon from
the Episcopal church. The church was Jer nght that hM ,ftsted for gweraI
iu.cu .uu.nuu.iug.uu months was ended by the election of!
OF LOCAL INTEREST
Considerable local interest at
taches to the meeting held at Je
rome Monday of the Gre;n Monster
Mining company stockholders. A bit-
, friends arid acquaintances of the
ceased. The floral offerings
! mnnv nnrl Haantfftil o r A i 1 1 ti . on mi-'
1 - l.n. n,aaManl
tr.mrbile Spvnrnl hunilrpil fitl3nn. Jt v
e" i . - i.i ti : i a nr-v rAlln.Ivtr
PrO . i , . , i.. ii. xl .
uiucers were tricuicu nu .'i. w-i
William Humbert, W.
i.! ,h m,in. W. Lawhon, Morgan and Riordan. The
resting place in Evergreen cemetery.'
! Mrs. AurK'i 15. Duke in coatume she
' wears at war bazaar.
PRIVATE SANITARIUM.
Calf Black 573 for terms, etc, , i
Adverti8ement-974
LADIES' AID
ThcLadies' Aid ' of the Christian
church will moet with Mrs. Chain
this afternoon .at 2:30 o'clock.
live for the first three only, leaving!
MINING lecture l two vacancies, but a vote of 200
! Mr. Livingstone's class in copper i shares had been cast by sfockhold-;
I mining at the Y. M. C. A. today will J ers wno left 2 votes for;
ibe a big feature. All the mines have:'MorKan and Riordan- Private advices j
hPPn rnnvaKBiMi u. that nn nrn. shall ceivea State mat Will 1 CiarK,
niiss it. The lecture will be on min
i ing methods in Morenci. Old miners
I Will lllltl AUiUClUlUg 1U L 1 1 111 IV C IfUUl,
leader of the opposition, did not vote
his proxies, but demanded their re
turn, which was refused, and left the
Many sockty women are assisting .and new men who want to get onto meeting jiccompanied by a number of'
ROYAL
THEATRE
TODAY ONLY
Bluebird Photoplays, Inc.
Introduces
The Dashing Comedian
HERBERT RAWLINS ON
And the Dainty Screen '
Queen
BROWNIE VERNON
In. the Sensational Comedy
Drama
FlirtingWith
Death
Love's Adventure In the
Clouds. Thrilling Scenes
and Episodes.
An Exciting Story of a Sol
dier of Fortune Who Was
Never Known to Quit.
When you need a plumber call Main-1
land & Williams, Phone 302. Shop in'
rear of Orpheura. Adv-135 !
VI6ITING PARENTS
Mrs. J. T. Kingsbury of Tombstone
is spending a few days in this city, on
a visit to her parents', Mr. and Mrs.
C. W. Hicks.
in mskinjy the Hero Land spec
tacle at Grand Central Palace, New
York city, which opened last Satur
day, a great success.V It is proving
to be the greatest war bazaar ever
held in the American metropolis.
Mrs. Aiu'ier B. Duhe. well known in
Huu new iiicu iiu wam. iu fri umv - ---- - . . . . r.ni tr Ac
the ropes can't afford to miss it. Time. Jerome stockholders. Mr. Clark, it Is, ufjRO" Vf
1:30 and 7 p. ni.
Expert paper banger ana painter. C
J. Brandt Phone 456. Box 150. E80
MUST SELL
Five-room house in Lowell, partly
furnished, close in:- crackerjack loca
tion; a 'pickup at $1300. Terms. Act
quick.. Winters & Borrego, Lowell.
Adv. 644
' Knights of Columbus Dance, Thurs
day, Dec. 6th. K. of C. Hall. Long's
Jazz Orchestra. Gentlemen one dol
lar. Refreshments. Adv. 619
Better put that flue in before it gets
cold. Call Mainland ft Williams,
phone 302. Shop rear Orpbeum. All
kinds tof sheet metal work. Adv-136
L. L. Oilman sells the New Edison,
"the phonograph with a soul."
MRS. ENGLE
wishes to announce to her old
patrons that she has again taken
over the Let son hotel and will it
future, as in past, run it in a first
claBS and orderly manner. We
solicit your patronage.
Dr. PlaylaJr, Osteopath. 98 MastoD
Hill. Mason car stop. Phone Bine 647.
dv. 231
Call me when you want a. careful
driver. I drive a seven passenger
Paige. Harry Lappas, Phone 366.-Adv
A SNAP
Hotel lease and furniture for sa;e,
3 years lease; Naco Hotel, brick,
new furniture; all complete and mod
ern, $2250.00. Cash, $1000. Payable
monthly, $75 per month. If you mean
business, write Box 563 Nogales, Ariz.
Adv. 591
ROCKHILL'S STAGE.
Bisbee-Tombstone, Leaves Bisbee
BUbee Auto Co., 7 a. m., 1:30 p. m. 7
passenger cars. Careful drivers.
Phone, Bi6bee 5. Adv
j THE RED CROSS
Home Nursing Club, Thursday at 7:30,
Copper Queen Hospital. Adv. 51
DANCE
EAGLE HALL
EVERY
SATURDAY
EVENING
8:30 '
(F. O. E. 175)
SHAWS ORCHESTRA
ATTENTION, ELKS
; Regular meeting Friday, Dec. 7th.
8 p. o. Initiation and official visit of
j District Deputy Grand Exalted Ruler.
' A large attendance is requeued.
R. E. WARNER.
Adv 63 Exalted Ruler.
Adv. 63
FOR FUNERAL
W. G. Gilmore and wife and Judge
Otis J. Baughn drove over from Tomb
stone yesterday to attend the funeral
of the late Mrs. Fred Sutter. .
c-iYcn AT TW P hi TV nnLLARS
The Bisbee Fuel commission metjof November 3
I Mr Antrim r? ::ii- woli Un.vn ir, with the local coal dealers on Tues-
New York society, is assisting at the I day evening and after going over the
tiodmotliers" league booth. , j ios:s. etc., wun mem aeciuea inai
' j the price of coal for the Warren dis
. rrr eto !trict would be fixed at $20 per ton
LT.FOR JUCSON fcr f,ie winter it was discovered by
V. r. v a us. uie puinLur, icii. jejici
I said, claims the intent of those giving
i proxies was to vote tor tne old ooara
as per the company president's letter
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
J. C. Kirby, former chief of police
of t Smelter City, was in the city
yesterday on a short business visit.
He reports LOuglas as being quite
lively at the present time and that
there was considerable excitement
there on Tuesday on account of the
fight that H. E. Dugan and a feV
others made there against the bond is
a Ait.nnariar.n nr nnrpq hi inf. Tnintuft
iday for Tucson, where he expects to ,ht . r ,, ,hi -,i.i'
s health!.. .. . , ..,-ki .,, -,t
remain for several weeks. His
has not been good for a number of
m'jnths and be has hopes that the low
couL! bo sold at an l lcve a small
WENT TO TOMBSTONE
City Attorney Sam Kyle left this
morning for Tombstone, where he was
called on business before the superior
court. He expects to return this evening.
, iii.,iiwio auu ut uda iiuuto Dial till, i n , , r. . : , rt
!er clima:e.may be ,of benefit to him. I Pfflt ,n' def, "J" J, t, 7- j
j ' them inNproht will be about $1.7o. J
HAVE RETURNED
The Warren district contingent to
!ADD TO MAJORITY j
Two more precincts were heard i
the Arizona meeting of the mining , fronl yesterday in the vote for the
! engineers have returned to their
'bond election .and they b'oth voted i
TO ATTEND FUNERAL
Court Reporter John W. Walker and
wife, George Wales and wife drove
over yesterday afternoon from Tomb
sl'one to attend the funeral of the
late Mrs. Fred Sutter.
FOR BRITISH COLUMBIA
Mrs. Milbur A. McLean, proprie
tress of the Crescent hotel, left yes--terday
for Greenwood, B. C, where
she expects to remain for a few weeks
on a visit to relatives.
SOLD PROPERTY
J. C. McCunnif has disposed of his
property on Jones Hill and moved to
Douglas with his family where he
has purchased a home. Mr. McCunnif!
was formerly city electrician.
COCHISE MOTOR CO.
Sl'jrage batteries repaired an l re
charged; experts on electric il work.
Adv. uC7
FROM TOMBSTONE
County Attorney John F. Ross and
wife were in the city yesterday after
noon to attend the funeral of the
late Mrs. Fred Sutter. They returned
home during the late afternoon.
I homes. They all report the meeting for ,t by 8bsiantial majorities. To!
I as being one of the best that has Hereford, on the San Pedro river goes j
j been held in the state for a number. tne honor of not having a vote casi
of years. i i against the issue. The vote the-e was !
I j not large but ten votes being cast, but i
AFTER WITNESSES i they were all tor it. me otner pre-
Deputy Sheriff Percy Eowden was j clnct heard fi'Jm was Apache, whicli j
In the city yesterday morning on ms' cast 22 vo.es, 21 of which were for 'be,
way to the James Hunt ranch, bryon'l issue and one against. The other tire-j
San Bernardino from Tombstone.after cincts have not been heard from but
witnesses that will be needed i.i the j vote is expected to be In Tomb
trial of cases in the superior court stone, today,
at Tombstone. I "
,TO CLOSE SUNDAY NIGHT ;
TO ATTEND BANQUET ! Tne residents of the redlight dis-'
A. C. Karger. clurk of the boart Oi j fict were notified last night by City i
supervisors, drove over from Tomb Marshal James Allison that they
si'jne last evening to attend the ban- 'would have to pack up their little be
quet Riven in honor of Sheriff Whetlcr longings on Sunday night and seek .
and Iiis deputies. He re:urned to the pastures anew. It was deemed that
county seat after the affair was over. 1 should be given a rhauoo to
- ma,ke arrangements to gel out ot i
HAVE RETURNED town, as some of them will have to
Mrs. W. F. Kellv and children navei wire or money to get out t)f town.;
returned from Douglas, where they ! Others have no place to go and wanteo
have been for the past week on a, a iew oas 10 try anu una a plaie to
MINERS, ATTENTION
Are you protected? Our policy
pays for one day to for accident and
covers every sickness. Send name and
agent will call. Address X, Review.
Adv. 671
FROM TOMBSTONE
I'nder Sheriff Guy Welch was in the
rltv lnt vpnin? tn Aftpml the hnn-
' quet given to Sheriff Wheeler anl his
I deputies as well as to attend to seme
j civil business. Ho returned home
; this morning.
i
L. L. GILMAN
WILL KEEP STORE OPEN DEC. 5TH
TO FIRST OF YEAR. 642
United States Food Administration License Number
07681. E. A. Tovrea & Co.
eadqiiarfers!
FRESH ARRIVALS THROUGHOUT THE WEEK
DAILY DELIVERIES TO ALL PARTS OF THE WARREN OIST.
1
Fsh
visit to Mr.
Mrs. Holmes
Kelly.
and Mrs. W
is a sister
Holmes,
of Mrs.
which they might go. Some of them !
have already left and every day from
now un:il Sunday will see them leav
ing.
MONEY SAVING PRICES
Per Lb.
Whole
Salmon '. .. 2S
Halibut : 172
Barracuda v VZ
YeUowtail VZ
Kingfish , LWz
Smelts Wz
Rock Cod 172
Per Lb.
Sliced
30
20
20
. 20
HAVE ENLISTED
i The following have enlisted in the
' I'niU-d Ptatis navy during the past
week a', the local rccruaiug station:
IS IN EUROPEAN WATERS
Ray Swaiu. who was a deputy slier-!
iff under Sheriff Jack White, is now!
1 It. Hock. C. Abernathv. C. Hill. C. M. ln the lulled Mates navy and is
i Wrnstv a Knnl.tint. C. Alin- sohicwhore In European waters. He Ci
athy. They will all be sent to El recently wrote a letter to the Tomb-'g
l'aso. Some or them eullated as fire-, "tone Lpitaph stating mat he was on
men or the second class and othi":the IT. S. S. Dale and that letters
as apprentice seamen. addressed to him in care of that ship
TOVREA'S
BISBEE PHONE 14
LOWELL PHONE 51
1
9
2