MARKETS.
WEATHER.
Arizona: Sunday and
Monday cloudy, unset
tled witn tiicw in north
TOM
NEW YORK C1TV
Average trice of sej
per for week ending
Feb. 21. S2.46.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL 19. NO. 225.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 25, 1917.
PR1CE FIVE CENTS
mtwtt
9
TUPS" S
OF FUNSTQN IN CITY HE
SAVED JWDLOVED WELL
Procession Passes Through Streets Lined by Thousands in j
Rain Swept San Francisco to Honor Their Greatest Gen-;
eral Short Service Held at Presbyterian Church and Then;
the Final Salute at Grave Ends Rites. '
By Review
Feb. 24.
SAX FRANCISCO,
"Taps" the last call blown for a
soldier, sounded here today over
the grave of Major General Fred
erick Funston, who died suddenly'
in San Antonio. Texas, Monday
night. In accordance with his
wishes, he was buried near his
son. Arthur MrArthur Funston, in
the cemetery of the military re
servation at the Presidio, over
looking the Golden Gate. A mix
ed brigade of coast artillerymen
and sailors every available man
fronTthe depleted garrison around
San Francisco Bay with officers
of high rank and thousands of San
Franciscans tombatted the ele
ments to do honor to his remains.
Thousands Mourn Him.
From early day, when the triple
balconies of the City Hall's white ,
rotunda were packed with citizens,
gazing at the guarded casket at the
foot of the great marble stairway, un
til past midday the ceremonies ran.
A drenching rain, hour after hour,
slanted across the ranks of the mi
litary escort. The streets, seemingly
deserted, became alive with civilians
as the flag-wrapped casket was borne
from the City Hall on an artillery
caisson to the First Presbyterian !
Church and thence to the cemetery'- 1
The City He Saved. J
The route lay along Van Ness ave-1
nue, lined on 'one fide with old i"."ic
mansions which escaped destruction,
because, in the great fire of 1906,
General Funston's engineers dynamit
ed the buildings on the opposite side
of the street and checked the flames.
The entire route of the fcneral pro
cession lay through portions of the
city which owed their immunity from
destruction largely to the efforts of
"Funston's men" and his hillside grave
overlooks the camping grounds where
slept thousands of refugees whom be
fed, sheltered and clothes.
Won't Desert Grave.
Hundreds of these, it was said, were
present ai. the ceremony today and
persistently sought mementos of the
last rites for the man who to tbem
was the greatest general f all. Wo
men braved the sentries to pick from
the grass the ernpty shells fired in
the last salute and crowded around
the grave until It was found neces
sary to set a special guard, which will
remain throughout tomorrow.
One other token remained of the
sentiment which bound citizens and
soldiers. The sick in the county hos
pital found at their bedsides late to
day cut h'jwers and blossoms which
were sent by the general's friends and
had been heaped on his casket in the
church during the services there.
Simplest Ceren-rtny.
The simplicity of the funeral ar
rangements which the general's
friends regarded as harmonizing with
his own utter lack of display, was in
tensified when bei'ore daybreak. Gen
eral J. Franklin Bell, commander of
the western department of the army,
changed the order for full dress uni
form to service uniform and overcoat,
in which the two regiments of artil
lerymen endured the storm. The sail
ors were muffled in reefers.
At ten o'clock the casket was taken
from the city ball rotunda, where it
had lain in state all night, A cordon
of mounted police preceded a guard
with a major general's flag, two white
stars on a red neld. General Bell and
his aide, the Third Coast Artillery
bands, two regiments of artillery and
the sailors and their band, preceded
the casket. Directly after came the
general's horse, shrouded in black. A
pair t black riding boots with dang
ling spurs were reversed in the stir
rups. Mourners in automobiles fol
lowed, and companies iroui various
military and patriotic organizations
brought up the rear, carrying draped
standards. As the procession passed
Saint Mary's Catholic Cathedral, the
bells tolled.
Short Church Service.
In the First Presbyterian Church a
lamp burned high in the chancel, re
lieving at the altar the dull gray licht.
Coast artillerymen, wearing side arms,
guarded the entrances, and restrained
a throng many times the capacity jf
the edifice. Here the general's widow,
mother, son Frederick, and brother
Altho. and immediate relatives await
ed the casket, borne by eight enlist
ed men who had seen service with
the general. The honorary pall bear
ers followed. They were:
Officers, Pall Bearers.
Rear Admiral Wm. F. Fullan. com
manding the Pacific Reserve Fleet;
Brigadier Generals Wm. L. Sibert. R. Juarez, and another force southeast
K. Evans and Oscar F. Long; Colonels of Juarez opposite Fort Hancock.
John T. Knight, Guy L. Edy and Cap- Texas. The country south of the bor
tain Fitzhugh Lee. General Funston's der is filled with Villa bands, accord
personal aide. They were in full ing to refugee ranchers and other set
dress and were i'jllowed by Mayor , tiers reaching the border.
James Rolph, Jr.. and city officials. The movement against Juarez and
Services, conducted by the Rev. Will- Chihuahua City is said to be delayed Grandes yesterday when small de
iam Kirk Guthrie, pastor of the church, pending the arrival of Francisco Villa 1 tachments of do facto and Villa cav
were brief. Two of the general's in the lield north of the state capital. ,alry lotight a brief engagement.
AT
Leased Wire.)
! favorite hymns were sung, "Lead
Kindly Light" and "Just for Today."
"Was Man of Deeds"
"He was a man of deed, not words,
and to say more of him would be
disnleasine to his s'jul." said the Rev.
Mr. Guthrie at the close of the eulogy. ; ness day parade here last July. .Moon
Through the journey to the ceme- j ey was convicted of murder in the
tery the s'orm steadily augmented, first degree two weeks ago.
drenching the marching columns to I Judge Griffin set May 17 for the
the skin. Within the reservation, the
column wound past a fallen pine,
newly uprooted by the storm. As the
caisson entered the gates, minute
guns began to befom. tiring 13 times, j
The family and pall bearers stood
with the clergyman alone at the grave, j
wilh a curtain of soldiers screening'
them from the crowd. At the conclu- '
sion of the brief Presbyterian service, (
the mourners left. Orders were snap-.
P"d out, three volleys were fired, and
a soldier blew taps. Another salute
of 13 guns concluded the rites.
TOPEKA, Kas., Feb. 24. The state
of Kansas paid tribute to the late
Major General Funston today at a
joint session of the legislature.
3 TRAIN ROBBERS
CONVICTED BY U.S.
COURT AT TUCSON
Word was received in Bisbee last
evening by Postmaster L. R. Bailey
that the three train robbers, who held
up the Golden State limited at Apache
last fall, were convicted on all four
counts in the federal court at Tucson. ,
nV "".uul "u """7 l"e.
The vonvictton carr.es possibly sent-
ences for each man of thirty nine
years. On one Count alone assault
ing a mail messenger wnile on duty
the men could receive a twentv-five
year sentence.
INTERNED GERMANS . ,
ESCAPE ARGENTINA
ARMED IN BRAZIL
(By Review Leased Wire).
LONDON, Feb. 24. A dispatch to
the Sunday Observer from Rio Janeiro
says it is reported that bands of arm
ed Germans have crossed the Brazilian
border at Rio Grande do Sul and are
proceeding in the direction of Santa
Catharina. It is believer, the report
adds, that they are sailors who have
been interned in Argentina.
A dispatch from Rio Janeiro Febru
ary 23 said that former deputy Cam
era de Fretas, in an interview in the
newspaper A Noite had denounced
operations carried on in Southern derstood to be particularly anxious
Brazil in connection with Hamburg that any request he may make for fur
Colonization company. The reports ther authority have behind it in
which caused the protest, the dis- contestible proof that such authority
patch adds, were to the effect that s need to protect American rights,
this company proposed to colonize a So far as learned the President did
portion of the country between the not discuss the international situa
states of Santa Catharina and Rio tion with callers todav. and at the
Grande do Sul, to which only colonists Ktate department, the dispatch regard
of German nationality would be per-ing the Alice was the only develop
mitted. ment of note. In most quarters it is
CAMPBELL VETO STANDS
PHOENIX, Ftb. 24. Th senate to
day sustained the veto of Governor
Campbell of the bill exempting the
Lowell Observatory at Flagstaff from
taxation.
By Review Leased Wire)
EL PASO, Feb. 24 Villa troop
movements continue to couter around
Juarez and Chihuahua City, and an at
tack may be expected upon either
Carranza town within the next wei k.
attack on
TROOPS
accoraing to government agents anaicepieu uy government agents as
Villa, rtartisans here. Them iu n hunrt ine more nnrlv pnrrwt
of Villa foIiMwers reported in the vicin- j
ity of Rancheria, 58 miles south of
British Gain Mile
! and TownOn Ancrel
(By Review Leased Wire.)
LONDON, Feb. 24. The village
of Petit Miramount, south of the
Anvre, in France, has bien en
tered by British troops as a re
sult of an advance southeast of
Mirarryount, says the official state
ment of the war office tonight.
The British line south and couth
east of Serre, north of the Ancre,
has been pushed forward on a
front of over a mile and a half.
Mooney Sentenced
To Hang By Neck
(By Review Leased Wire)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 24. Thom
s J. Mooney, a labor agitator, was
j sentenced today to death by hanging
by Judge Frankline A. Griffin m the
superior court for a bomb explosion
that cot ten lives during a prepared-
j execution. An appeal will be taken
; from Judge (.Tiffins refusal to grant
j a new trial, Mooney 's counsel said,
j 1
EVENTUALITIES
I
Sinking of Dutch .Ships, To
gether With Shelling Ship
With Americans Aboard,
Causes Stir at Capital.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 24. President
Wilson's plans for meeting the crisis
with Germany gave m outward evi
dence of change today but there were
several developments whkb f jipeared
to be hastening eventualitios.
Another apparent violation of inter
nationul IawK;. added to tne t ac
cumulating from Germany's campaign.
. wniph ..,,, hlw., ' n(.r ' '
...... ,.
is virtually certain to make necessary
further steps by the United States.
The onslaught on Dutch shipping re
ported today strengthened the convic-
jtion in official quarters that neutral
interests are to oe ruiniessiy disre
garded under the new German policy.
Americans Endangered
Although three submarine disasters
in which American seamen were in
volved were reported to the state de
partment today, only one seemed on
first information to constitute an in
. vasion of: American rights. American
consuls reported that the Norwegian
steamer Skrini and the Norwegian
bank Blenheim each with an Ameri
' can seaman aboard had been destroy
ed but provision made for the safety
of the crews.
A dispatch frjm Consul Osborne, at
Havre, said the Norwegian steamer
Alice had been attacked and shelled
without warning and that Theodore
Joseph, an American negro, was
, among the survivors.
Wilson Compiles Data.
The Alice case for the present takes
its place with several others about
which the state department is prepar
ing evidence. President Wilson is un-
believed there will be
no important
development before Tuesday at least,
when Secretary I.ansing will return
from a short vacation.
The possibility that Secretary Lans
ing, wh'j left last night for a visit to
; (Continued on Page Seven)
W
JUAREZ OY VILLA
IS EXPECTED III WEEK
,He was reported to have crossed the
; Mexico Northwestern near San An
, dres. Chihuahua. Tuesday, on his way
j north wi'h his main command. Many
conflicting reports as to his exact
; whereabouts have been in circulation
I here, but this report is the '.Hie ac-
be-
Salazar resumed his raids on foreign I
property yesterday, when he entered '
Pearson. Chihuahua, and looted a
number of houses and the Madera j K,ven ,)lm a at'ekpin stolen from Eat
Lumber company's store. This is the ! on- and Eaton and Hackley declare
second time within two weeks that i that the man who held them up was
Pearson has been looted. A small larger than Emerson. Kilby is the
skirmish was also reported to have I la''Kpr of the two men now held for
occurred between Pearson and Casas'thn crimes.
5
LOOT FOUN
IN CLEVER
j Gannon, Polley and Kempton
Recover Large Amount of
Jewelry Taken by Hold-up
Men by Shrewd Trick.
FAKE PLOT TO BREAK
JAIL BRINGS RESULTS
Bandit Confides Valuable In
formation to Officers' Con
federate Who Pretends He,
Too, Is a Criminal.
.,.... , 1
Sherlock Holmes was put to shame
during the last week by Deputy Slier-
iffs Red Gannon, Bert Polley and
Night Police Sergeant Kempton, who,
on Wednesday recovered practically
all of the loot seemed in the Warren
District during the recent epidemic
of hold-ups, for which Roy Emerson
and Harvey Kilby are now held In the
county jail at Tombstone awaiting tri
al before the superior court. The re
covery of the stolen goods resulted
fioni one of the neatest' planned and
executed investigati ins ever conduct
ed in the southwest and the three
men who were mos prominent in lo
cating the loot are coming in for
much deserved commendation.
Two weeks ago last night, II. A.
Evans and Tim Had. on were arrested
by Gannon, Kempton and other offi
cials and placed in .'ail on charges ot
bootlegging. Hadsou soon proved bis
innocence and was eleased. The of
ficers, however. i chance to
learn more of tutvtues' ol v. men
Kilby and Emerson were accused,
placed Hadson.in jail, with the lat
ter' consent in a cell near that occu
pied by E:ijerson, who has been iden
tified as one of the worst criminals
in the country.'
Confidence Gained
The next question was: How was
Haddon to gain Emerson's confi
dence? This was soon solved when
Gannon cultivated an unusual appe
tite for fruit. For several days Can
non. ate nothing but bananas, and Had
son one day secured a large quantity
of banana peelings, concealed a saw.
7r.il n t C uniniAn uVm
several saw blades and a chisel in
them and smuggled them into the jail
When Emerson saw the jail-breaking
implements and was told how Hadson
had managed 'o get them into the
jail, he was convinced that Hadson
was a man worth knowing and will
ingly divulged much valuable Infor
mation regarding the recent hold-up
and the location of the loot.
Emerson "fell" for the trick so com
pletely, in fact, that he unscrewed a
rod from one of the Iron beds In the
jail and, according to the officers,
planned to slam Gannon with it in
case the deputy sheriff should come
into the jail on the night of the pro
posed jail-break. Hadson agreed lo
help Emerson get out of jail for a
share of the loot, it is said, and Em
erson gave Hadson a diagram of the
place where the watches, pins, etc.,
secured during the hold-up epidemic,
were located. Wednesday night the
three officers, armed with strong
flashlights, took the diagram and, fol
lowing the directions unwittingly giv
en them through Hadson by Emerson,
found a large quantity of Jewelry bur
ied near the old Copper Quee-n "Glory
Hole," on the side of a hiU above Bis
bee. Loot is Recovered
According to the officers, the jewel
ry was wrapped up in a cap and bur
ied under several iiiches of earth. In
the cap were found a gold watch,
chain and knife taken from Dr. Rirh
aidson; a watch taken from Oscar
Cook; a diamond ring and stickpin
stolen from S. A. Heaton and Dan
Hackley. who were held up near the
Y. M. C. A. early on the morning of
February 5, and several other pieces
of jewelry and a revolver, all of
which have been identified by resi
dents of the Warren District as hav
ing been lost to highwaymen. The
only loot not found in tho cache was
a kodak taken from a resident of
Ixiwell by the highwaymen and about,
ten dollars in silver taken from R. S!
Gowdv and O. S. Mize, of Upper Low
ell. The officers believe that Emerson
was the leading figure in all of the
hold-ups except that in which Eaton
an(1 Hackley were the victims
Enier
son testineu at tne prenmir
nary ex-
animation or Kilby tnat the latter baa
Emerson is considered one of the
moit dosporate men ever arrested In
(Continued os Pae Flve
1 HOLDUPS
HE
Five Million Men
Under British Arms
(liy Review Leased Wire.)
The British army estimates is
sued Saturday provide for an army
of 5.0C0.000 men exclusive of India
and for a navy personnel of 459.
000. .
Berlin admitted withdrawing
same troops fr m mud-filld
trenches in the Somme sector and
stated that a French. attack south
of Ripont, in. the Champagne
failed. Activity by French de
tachments in the Vesges was an
nounced. There was only recon
naissance along the Ruminl.H
and Caucausus fronts.
Northwest Creamery
Trust Is Indicted'
(By Review Leased Wire)
BOISE, Idaho. Feb. 24. Light cor-i
porations and eleven individuals were j
named In an indictment returned, this
afternoon by the U. S. grand jury for ;
alleged conspiracy and unlawful com-1
bination in restraint of interstate com-;
merce and in violation of the Shefr-an
anti trust act. in the buying, selling, j
manufacture and shipping of rreatu- j
ery and dairy products. j
The indictment alleges that these
operations, injuriously affected the .
business of 172 independent concerns j
iiej.iy as inauy uiuereui low us anu
: t.ausi.d injury ,0 ,,,,, f(.UKr&l pu,ilc .
, Dut more particularly in the states -jf t
! i,iHho Montana rmh u-nhintnn i
! 1 1 - v - . . !
Oregon. Wyotnidg. Nevada and Califor
nia.
FILIBUSTER OF
G.O.P.
Peace Follows Stormy Session
During Which Germany Is'
Arraigned, and War Talk
Reigns Supreme.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 4. The Re
publican filibuster against the admin
istration revenue bill was broken just
before midnight when leaders on
both sides reached
a unanimous con-
sent agreement to take a final vote i
on the bill next Wednesday night at i
S o'clock. i
It - rt. .
Arraiana Germany
a.. , , . . , , , I -wniie oniciai c tre es temain grare-
The smouldering row broke into!... lK ,
Ho,.... .. v .k'' ca'm. there has been an inevitable
name late this afternoon when the i .,KTC. , , , , ,. .. ..
. . . . n i outburst of deepr indignation on the
passages between Democrats and Re- , ,t " u"u" ' ""
! publicans turned up a sensational
United States and Germany, which
reached its climax when Senator FaJI,
Republican, introduced a resolution to
authorize the President to use the
armed forces of the United States to
.... -,. b)? ma;n,ain,.d by protons
Embarrasses Wilson I
It is such a resolution as President ' Germans "Regret-
Wilson was expected to ask of con-1 Other less bellicose newspaper re
gress some time before its adjourn-1 flect nardly less embitterment on the
ment, but its introduction at this ttme!Part of th wll0, nation against the
by a Republican senator while the ad I ,ates example of German ruthless-
ministration is forming its course
came as a surprise. It promised to
further complicate and embarrass an
already most mixed up situation.
Senator Full's resolution points to
the depredations on the eomnerre of
the United States by submarines of
the central powers, aud authorizes
the President "to instruct and direct narnper tne government at this crm
the commanders of the armed vessels I tal moment, when an incautious act
beloiiaine to the I nited States " ti I ion miirht precipitate war. the result
protect American ships and property
and "to take, seize or bring into port
or destroy" if unable to. seize, any
armed vessel of either of the central
powers and particularly of the imper
ial German government which have
committed or are threatening to com
mit depredations against ships con
veying Americans or American prop
erty. It would make it legal, also, for the
commander and crew of any Ameri-
(Continued on Page Three)
E
BILL APPROPRIATION BILL LOST
(By Review Leased Wir)
PHOENIX, Feb. 24. To the sitr-j
prise of the leaders of both sides the
house this afternoon by a vote of 22
ayes and 11 nays failed I.) pass the!
general appropriation bill. With !
emergency clause attached 24 votes ;
were needed. Why the bill failed is
not yet known. The vote by which
the bill had been sent to the enrolling ,
and engrossing committee seemed to
insure Us easy passage. Notice of
motion to reconsider the vote of to-ior
day has been given and the motion
will come up Monday. j
The senate by a vote of 11 to 8
failed to pass over the governor's veto .
the bill exempting from the operation
of the inheritance tax law that part
FIRED BY
TALK AS GERMANS
7 SHIPS OFFERED SAFETY
Gross Violation of Promise by Germany Inllames Dutch,
When Merchant Fleet Is Sent to Bottom of English Chan
nel Germany Estimates Sinkings In February Would
Total 500,000 Tons, and Is Highly Elated.
I By Review
Widespread indignation is re.
ported to have been caused in
Holland by the torpedoing of sev
en Dutch steamers in the western
approaches to the English chan
nel, announcement of which was
mde in London Saturday. Three
of the vessels, with a total of 14,
976 tons, were sunk and the other
four, although severely damaged,
remained afloat. The crews of
all seven are believed to have
been saved. The Amsterdam
bourse was weak after the an
nouncement. Sunk Despite Promise
The Dutch foreign office stated
that the seven steamers had avail
ed themselves of a German offer
to sail together from a British
port, believed to be Falmouth, on
February 22. The total tonnage,
sinking of which was announced
Saturday, included the three
Dutch and also three British
steamers, and was 21,139.
r
i
500,000 Tons Sunk
German naval and military leaders
in Berlin estimated that the total ton-
j naae sunk during Febiuary would not
exceed oOO.OOO and expressed satis
faction with the achievements of the
German submarines.
The announcement was made hy
the German admiralty that l.Otm
troops bound for Snlonlki perished
when the Italian Irani-port Minn s was
sunk February 1..
Raider in Indian Ocean
commerce in the Indian Ocean and
nas sunk two tfntish. steamers, ac
cording to an announcement in Tok
io. Want Ships Replaced
THE HAGl'E. via London. Feb. 2
I lie suggestion has been made to
the Dutch government. tl Associat
ed Press learns, by l-ading ship own-
. AN fhit H.iir n .In.... . ..,.,.. ..u:.
I 7. .
1" . " . ' . 1 . . T .
( nmuuru llHl!OIl lor IOSI KMr
nage.
Dutch Inflamed
itir Maui k. via London. Feb. .4.
I While official circles
de-jthe An)Blerdam Tele::raf calls a "blow
in our face and the greatest humilia
tion to which a neutral state has been
subjected."
me paper anus: j
"We confess inability to see ho
n""- whlIt' German circles, it i
J learned, profess deep regret over
. what they admit to be a "ghastly
blunder."
Amid the chorus of bitter accusa
tions levelled at Genua n "frightful
ness." the Vaderland exhorts the nn
tion to exercise self control and rot
of which could be foreseen from the
fate of other small nations.
Bourse Demoralized
The shipping section of the Amster
dam bourse is demoralized with the
losses ranging from 10 to 20 percent.
The insurance business is paralyzed
The 'grain supply problem, w hich al
ready is most difficult, has become
extremely acute on account of the
loss of cargoes and tonnage.
The German legation at the Hague
has issued a statement declaring that
nf the estate of the late Dr. Perrival
Lowell, consisting of the observatory
at Flagstaff and the permanent fund
for its maintenance,
The house, contrary to expectations,
concurred in the senate amendment
to the anti-cigarette bill and sent it
to the governor. The act makes it a
misdemeanor to sell cigarettes, cigars
or tobacco in any form tj youths un-
der the age of 21 and makes it a mis-
i demeanor for such youths to purchase
otherwise receive the proscribed I
merchandise.
The house passed the Houser bill
forbidding the sale by the same con-
rem of any article at one price at !
one point in the state and at another
'price at another place.
RETTE
SINK
Leased Wire.)
thi disaster to the Dutch steamers
. was due "to an extremely regrettable
'coincidence of circumstances, which
is unfortunate, but bevond control."
FAL.MOl'TH. Feb. 24 The fleet of
! seven Dutch vessels left Falmoutb
; Thuisday. three being outward bound
from Holland and four homeward
. bound. The steamers had come into
f Fal.uouth on various dates and had
teen released at the special request
of the; Dutch government.
No inquiry was made of the British
authorities as to what was the best
way of sailin? or as to the proper
precaution to take, as it was believed
the ships were sailing under a safe
conduct from Germany and the cap
tains received special private instruc
tions from the Dutch government. An
official of the Dutch legation at Lon
don tame to Falmouth and interview
ed privately the captains of the seven
ships so as to be sure that they un
derstood the instructions. The ves
sp!k bore the c:i.:toni?ry marks and
lights.
Attacked off Falmouth
When they were a short way from
Falmouth l at the western end of the
English channel) they were attacked
by a German submarine and three of
the vessels were sunk and four dam
aged severely. Following is the list
of vessels:
Gaesterland. sunk. arrived Fal-
i mouth February
:!". outward bound
I in 'ballast
Nooiderdijik. sunk, arrived Fal
mouth February 4. inbound with mail,
no passenger. Careo E'X'O tons of
wheat ami :?e0 tors of flour con-ign-l
lo the Du'ch government.
Ja:itra. sunk, arrived Falmouth
; February 7. inbc'jnd. no rr.ail-t, no pas
4. senders. Cargo ""' tons of whoat
consigned id ine uutcn government.
Eeniland. a.loat. arrived Falmouth
January '2X outward bound in ballast.
Bandoeng, a foal, arrived Falmouth
February 2. inbound, no passengers.
Cargo 50ii tons fodder cake. 2200 tons
copra. 11th) fins oil seed. 150 tons cof
fee and K-'O tons of t.ihacco.
Zaandijik. float, arrived Falmouth
February fi. outbound in ballast.
M. nailo. towed to Falmouth, arriv
ed Kehru iry 11 inbound, no n-ails. no
passengers. Careo 2700 tons of cop
ra. 40;i tons fodder. 200 !'ns of oil
seed :;nd 4.".0 tons of tohairo.
; FOOD RIOTERS ON
RAMPAGE IN BRONX
(Bv Kview Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK. Feb. 24 Rioting was
resumed simultaneously in five differ
ent parts of the Bronx tonight Elands
in several markets were overturned.
Reserves were called out and made
several arrests. The rioters said they
were members of the Anti-High Cost
of Living League.
A crowd of approximately one thou
sand persons, mostly women, who bad
attended a mass meeting in Maddison
Square to protest against tie high
cost of food, stormed the Waldorf
Astoria hotel today, shouting they
were serving and demanded to se
Goxernor Whitman. When informed
the governor was nVt there, but at an
other hotel, they refused to believe it
and started a demonstration which
necessitated the calling out of police
reserves. Several persons were In
jured in the disorder that followtd.
Four arrests were made.
SLAUGHTER'S RANCH
REPORTED RAIDED
(By Review Leased Wire)
DOUGLAS. Feb. 24. Because of a
report reaching here from the Slaugh
ter ranch, lii miles ea.-t of Douglas,
that a raid had taken place these yes
terday, two troops of the First U. S.
Cavalry' were sent there to strengthen
the hrder patrol which consisted of
one troop.
The raiders, it was learned today,
consisted of about 100 men of the
Carranza commande rr General Guil
lermo Chavez, which is encamped
three miles south of the Slaughter
ranch, coming across the international
boundary yesterday to purchase tobse-
co and
Vther small supplies. The
Mexicans were unarmed, it wai stated
and paid for everything they tnoX
back into Mexico with them, as far
as known.
On account of rsid reports, the r
mstnder of the Firt Cavalry was held
in ramp with equipment packed resjy
to take the field at a moment's notice. TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEYvf SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 25, 1917.
S DULL PERIOD II
IHE REVIEW'S BIG CONTEST
Every Candidate Registers Her Share During the Last Vote
Offer and All Are Ready for the Next Special Offer When
It Is Announced Next Tuesday Every Candidate Is at
Her Best and the Probable Winner Is She Who Perseveres
With Best Efforts.
Mrs.
Miss
Miss
Miss
Mrs.
Miss
Mrs.
Mrs.
Miss
Miss
Miss
Mrs.
Miss
Miss
Miss
Miss
Miss
Grace Milner
Frances Ju'iff . . . .
Enimubelle Kolfe .
Katy Johns
Doris O'Neal
Myrtle ArtVm
Frank Mosler
Ruth Sargent
Willa Robinson . .
Lola Andreas
Dot F'nlayson
Glovt.r Quails
Mil J red Robinson
Cad. lie Tiibinson .
Gladys l.oeseher .
Rose Walker
Coral Gundrv . . . .
ir,t;.3:;it
1.-.5.7S..
l.'.t.nr.o
102:220
ir.l.Tio ,
ir,n.4t.u
149.6i)
ns.ti'i
1 IT.lTu
1 Ki.:::!(
nr.. 190
n i.9s.i
14".." 40
141.6bO i
io:.r-to
42,590
:ear Candidates, not in this contest
at hast, lor a dozen subscriptions
now will earn you as many as twice
tint many when it conies to the final
week.
Keep at it today ami tomorrow, and
do not wail to pee what the next
schedule is going to be. Get the sub
set iptions and you will he given all l
the votes that the schedule on next
During the entire day. yes;eiday,
which marked the close of the Re
view's Triple Vote offer, candidates
came in to contest headquarters with
their piojnised subscriptions, and yet
theie were many promises which the
energetic candidates were unable to
get to for lack of time. But what is
fair to one is fair to the other, ar.d
another ten day offer will be piven to
take up the slack. This offer will be
announced on Tuesday, and ail should
be in readiness to fly to it 'with re
newed vigor.
You know how little ti -e was left
toward the end of yesterday to do .ill
that you wsnted to do: the same thins
will confront you aeain if you fail io
make every day count. The curdi
dale who is the steady gainer, call
inp at contest headiiua-teis r x:ly alid
often is the one who in tl:e end v. ill
. be the competitor to be mcrt fcrrei
Systematic canvassing every day is
the result of a bir vote total. A day's
bustling today with two or three Jays
la- off in b; -twren is rot a geo! si; a
it represents en rc-y displayed rt in
terva.is only.
The vote schedules are deereasirg.
'Ti"
- , U w v-'-m4ri J-i :. v'
i)4fl: ftf
(Photo By Dix Studio) .
Am'jiH the many candidates who
have many promises of subscriptions
is .Miss Coral Gundry. She is em-
and it behooves you to pet in your ,,,, ed by the Bishce-Nueo Water com-
Lis licks while the bin schedule;, r.rc
slaled. Woe to the candidal e who
wails to the last, to . r.-;c a whitl
wind finish as it were and beat r.II
hr opponents. It is iiot in te crt's.
-.any, and u- keepitts her spare hours
or subscription paiherinp. A host of
.'riends ar? liaiitHini; receipt books for
icr. aDd ihis candidate may be seen
it the top ol the list.
Good (or
1 0
Votes.
Vote Cgttooii
Tlie Eisbee uz'dv Review
Good for
1 0
Vctes.
Greater Automobile end Prize Contest.
For Mrs. or Miss..
Address..
Not good if deposited after March 1st. Clip as r.n.r.y f these coupons g
coupons as you can and ask your friends to dip ihi in tor you. R
Coupons must be deposited in tiat pacl.ufets und not rolled. Clip ft
neatly ou border lines. Jg
CLIP ON BLA7K ECSDERS
GOLD ORE MINE NOW
CONTEMPLATES MILL
NEAR ITS PROPERTY
Properly Is From 300 to 400
teet J ;:2her Than the Gci J
Road; L.igineets See Great
Promise.
OATMAX. l i b. 21.-Prof.tes.-.ive ih
velopiiient i.i.-i i:iarkd lin pl.Ui.s ol
liie Gold Ore for ('.ijiotructiug a miii
mid op.-hiiiK up the f ropetty. The mi.rt
t.ie j.roperty is ea i i.'ied by enpin-
and jaiuiu men tii- pr. ati r its pos
i ii.iiilii s aa i poieiuiulitii-s i:pin ar I-
ik-, so iliiit the o:i::ihal (ieslcli.-:
be entirely iHst-ai!-! and a tuuch
;uore a:;. bilious :ci.e:i,e a loi.'-eii ui it:
stead.
One of the iccts iiit isppns'.s) th'.
mininp enpiiieert. v no have examine'!
tin- (iold ll'e is the I'aci lh:.t pi-o
i"pically siK'akin-:. '!. cropiTU it
lii'jljably :M 1.. inn f i hicher !::
I or- Ciold I.'o.id.
That iin au.s tbt ill'' d' .tj at pi's
i ui hMt!m - ;t ti.i? Goid i r--, :: l.i
iu tli- : I i.i f ! . is rral'y uniy pi!" a :"ii .
in aVutt 2"' t'C i. n the G'.li! f.i.ad
II d.-vei'.pa.''lH s lit oi-ptli i 'l i ' 11 .1 .
t ituilar pror-'.ri M'li. orj!y Ij -:.j::iin.
I. as been made a n 1 :p. i!::r up tl .
ore bodh's of the (.'ld Of.
Tiie exploration ot the south l.ri'ci.
.f the Gold On: vein Is anotlu.r sink
lug feature which has attraried 'u.
atrcuiion of the miniUK world in a
coaimendins; manner.
The n:ain (JuM Ore vein d'p.; rl,- hi
ly to tli' : oi'.i.it. the sbal't bo m y.-'-l.
to the uor'b. so llial tiny mi i
f i-ti.cr a l oiipj.' oi li iiidn d t " t
of tlie shall.
A cave-in. a; i i'it n ;a 'h . pcin d up
tliis south vein, and as diilt.im pro
cods al"i:p ils our.se. jt hie- pro-. -n
s!.mic-iice wilt, regard to Goiii Ore
is fne f.ttt In;-.; tiie winxe beii;;; sunk
: -i i:;- v. in vomi tiie .":;il-fooi level
is con-ia'Miyopi iiin.; up richer oie
itui.! any tiw i.een found above
.' '.I'li.ot level.
Tiii.s is taken as an indication thai
ihe '..''il.i t rt v..rkii-us have only b in
.,.(i.td .:; at th,. u.p and tiuit tin
,icat. vaiie s -., ,;i j,. iuim as furthtr
dejiiii js oicaiiii d.
.:;! .- i!; Ii. t pi.a.se ot lie propeilj
is t::.- ; t ,h,it a number of un.-x-.lo;.-d
m iu.i ce.n . : .e- . i ot.f pooit east
A in,, .slmit. all shuv.ni;,' sionp indi
.aiii n- ol jioldin .rued valurs at
; i-lii. Tic;, are very similar to the
iniia'e t-how e.t on ti.e Aziec claims
ii tin' To:, i Rci (I o;i..aay. one iu
part..
I"0 I-
Ma r
t.
a v. idth of nearly
to be fuilv cjual in
to the main tui
opened up for ll'i"1
V Ll
eteill i'lld
i-;,;h has b
! t and 1. i
to be ore of lutlluip prade ...1 that
distance.
A third feature that h'jlds aruni
in hl.
Xothina iia.
in; up lli.'Si
l.i f.nly
ll" prop) r!v v.
or that purpo
alio s
as.-aycu'
I
ihi !
leu
en dune toward open
r..'-. though ii is the
!.i".e this portion ol
mis ate available
I- A.
..I
, !
i. h ..
i- iai.
lnp:.n
le
n i s ii'j
ha. P'jiie
Li'-'.'l-K !lt (.1 til.
coiiipany aim
; n;aa . I'rom
i ii ii ha . col!
s .f .) from Hit
;: I., ell f rv arded
: ep.ii a. ;..n Ncrt h
..i .m l"r -it islo.
i: , mail'- to de
! ihit.ition can
i i tiie ore or not.
v in i--.ni Kraiieisco
.: ; :.uier v itii the
Minerals Sepaia
lo ilivi slipate tiie
tin re he will po
(i.-opie win.
to hii.ld the
loli
.Sl;
a-t to mi r w nl: tiie
:e piittilij; 1 1 1 liie ..lonev
mill.
Ti.e pi.ms i- i.pernlihL- tiie mill
v ' . ei y 4i;,e. ; i iu4. Tlie shaft is lo
1 ' .1 .M I il'ini' Hie t.e( of ; el'lcli
hat .airi. s an . .rm iiuaulil; ol
a:er ilnrin:, ceil. .in sea. us ol lin
ear l j., n.u'osei lo-ilaiu no this
r.' i .i.i-1 he!.... ll, mill sile
Ii.is ii. a e a r n or where cuoiien
..'e!- Mi'V be Kueil lo opi'tate Ih"
Boys' Caps 65c
THIS ANXOrNCEMKNI oi a new shipment of Boys-
Caps, will be pleasantly received by mothers who have
been wailing lor this news, made of a good assortment
of cassimers and cheviots in mixtures, stripes and
plaids; sues 6 hi to 7. priced at 6oc each.
r
fPfa r awm sirgi zntf .Waigyga's.3
J
Wash Suits 75c
-- W e are ready with a very splendid collection of CJiil-d.-.
n'! V .!-! S lits, in sixes from 2'j to S years, made
of ti.e be.si .-;ii!js or wasi. fabrics, including Percales,
Madras. Galatea. Ciiambray and Lmen, in white, plain
col. -s, plaids and combinations; Tiie up to $3.00.
Opportunity to Delve Into the Secrets and Mysteries of the New Spring
Fashions is Amply Afforded in the Comprehensive Displays of
vr : W , mw j t .-, ? A . . :
"fir -i , " - j i i
r "y. L;j'--s-
Qy 4 y y
Important Style
Innovations
on Our Garment Floor
WOMAN" alert and sensitive, is first to
feel tiie charm and mystery of spring. Tlie
opening buds, th; tender green alive with
siinSislit, the mellow warmth of the air.
.V'lady is t.rst to rceive these messages of
nature and. li".;e a true patron of the
beautiful, expresses her thoughts in new
garments, a smart suit, a bewitching frock,
a picturesque sprint; coat, an attractive and
be' oanng hat
TOMORROW'S EXHIBITION IS EX
TENSIVE ENOUGH TO MAKE
YOUR VISIT A MOST INTEREST
ING ONE. WHETHER STYLE-INFORMATION
IS SOUGHT OR A
PURCHASE CONTEMPLATED. A
VARIETY OF STYLES AND SIZES
FOR MISSES AND WOMEN. IN
SUITS, COATS AND DRESSES.
DRESSES
Dresses that women are looking for
becau.sj they express the ideas and colors
o. the new reason handsomely embrr.irt
ced with beading or stitching, and wiu'i
r elty sleeves and pockets.
New Spring Dresses
Beautiful in Style and Colors
NEW DRESSES just out of their wrappings have lots of interest
and you'd be surprised to see how many women are buying two and three
at one time, to wear immediately.
CHIEF AMONG these accorded greatest popularity are those simple,
practical serge frocks, so smart and attractive in style and design, yet so
inexpensive;, rices ranging from $1l'.50 upwards to $25.00.
T."lt;N' THERE are those of Tafteta. Crepe Dc Chine and Crepe Meteei
and tiiese materials in combination with Georgette. They have so many
rev li: t'o features and you'd never suspect their prices were only S1S.50,
521' 50, ?25 and up to ?o9..00.
Our $25 Spring Suite
Famous For Smart Style
TAILOilEP, semi-tailored, plaited. Norfolk, Belled ami N'o'elty suits
for women av.'l misses Suit:' of serge, gaberdine, poplin and taffeta
combinations,, in ali tlie bright, gay spring shades. Suits that are crowded
with ail the value j'oss'.'ule to mcorpnraie ir. suits to sell at this niodcrat.;
price ?25.U0.
COATS
THE new Spring Coats are more thai,
pleasing, they're chprming in colors that
hold the spirit of spring. Belted, plaited
and plain coats, in most, vivid ci lors.
SUITS
The very newest models in lightweight
Jersey, barilla cloth, serge, etc.. showing
the cl?vcrest and most daring effects iu
cul'.::r, poi kets. belts and color treatment.
The Beauty of Sunshine Colors in
THE NEW SPRING SUITS
At ' $18.50, $22.50, $25 to $50
COI.OIt this se ins to be the inspiration for the suits ..i' tin- m v.- st-asolt - t'iu. for tailored wear Suits
for sports wear. --Suits for afternoon wear for shop,:in,. I re iiuss. cress we r- ami for every occasion
Mi'.ady ixn recall or invent Ard i.i every Sl'IT '.here is ihe ti.;i''!i of sunns the san.-iiiiie of color.
SUITS DESIGNED BY ARTISTS GOOD WEAVERS VVOVe AMD CYEO TKc FASSiCS EX
PERT CUTTERS CUT THEM AND THEY WESE MADE AND FINISHED BY SKILLED
CRAFTSMEN IN NEW YOFiK'S BEST SHOPS.
COMMENCE with any feature oi these unusual Suits and inspect ih m from every angle. You'll always
come to the same conclusion that overy element of g'xni . iotiies is r. part of them ---thr.f your money !s buy
ing its utmost in Style. Qua'i'y airl Value. We aid noi eliminate materials to bring Liie ixsl mark drD
T"-.e beauty of the Suits pioves this.
aiil. 'Mm '
a v hr i '.ol'i .1
full.
There is :-o.i:e
but not auv h'. re
i a r.
iil (hi
a;. I
v a I "i
r. ei'' oir v. hen
. al' l' in tlie
n-ur etio'iali
slut ft.
tO op-
T1IK XKW ITGl'KE IS HEllK The charm of
liie new fashions is lost without it. Have you begun
to train your 'igure, after the siiapeiessness of sea
sons past, in' n the more exacting requirements of
lolavv SOT - WE WOl'hl) ADVISE BEING
KITTED TO A
"Bon Ton" or Royal
Worcester Corsets
-THEY ARE CAUEEIXEY SMABKl) AND BONED
to coax the wayward lines inio their former syrp
n etry. But. the Corsets are both anatomically cor
rect and the boning is so scientifically placed, thai
yo-.i feel a "BON" TON" or "ItOYAI. WOKCESTEB"
Cor: s for their pleasing, comfor'able support.
WE ACE PLEASED to inform our patrons ti'at
many new spring models Lave he- n received and
a ill i-e ,n display Monday. Hoyal Worcester Corsets
at $2.00 upwards lo Su.jO Bon Ton Corsets from $4
up to $l-.5o.
New Shipment of
Bungalow Aprons
and Breakfast Sets
At $1.48, $2.45 to $2.98
V.'ETtE GOING TO extend you a special invitation
to come tomorrow and see this splendid new colla
tion of Breakfast Sets, Torch Dresses and Bungalow
Aprons we've just received.
You'll be quick to realize the uiiusualness of the
assemblage both from a value-giving, as well as a
price standpoint. Yuu. will indeed, lie surprised io
learn of the splendid quality we have been able to
obtain, to sill at the moderate price, we ask. They
are made of all Kinds of good washable materials, in
a wide ranr;" of patierns and styles --at prices raiif,-
i!"T ft i in : upwards to S2.!s.
New Spring Millinery
Stunningly Designed Attractively Trimmed
Bright, Brilliant Daring Colors, Combinations
$6.50, $7.50, $10 to $22.50
"T "v-
r
"s V,
v -
criminality aud cbariu hrigTit,
oil styles which lovers if Uic
IN" THE NEW y iLI-lNEitY KTYI.ES for Spring is
vive1. oariii'; new !;.riii;;s - a bn nUing-away troui tin
etit'h'lv ne-Y will lii.e.
TrlEUE Lb BE A VEUY ATTItACTIVE ASSEMBLACE io greet you in our Millinery
Section tomorrow- and it v.-ill afford us great pleasure to show yuu these new h;;is.
V.'e think you coul.) find none pre: tier in AmTi'-a.
tV'KBNS AND SMALL HATS are in the majority, sin. wing oiid-shapes and clever
'i;r.. "! aid angles. "K!.()v'KI!S", says Fashion - and Mowers in sprays and bunches
ilcermtc these n"w ':atf; i.li.ers trimmed, wi.h feathers, fancies and ornaments in tr'i
etital c'lior.;. We a.:- showing a handsome colli" tion of ex- Insive model hats at fin r.
ward:: to -'2.G0.
Inexpensive Spring Hats
Priced at $4.95, $5.95 and $6.95
-NOT A DAY !.: SKS HI'T WHAT 1".I i'( .i: l'AN'T iifiditi. :is are niiide to our already
largV sbowitig of inexpensive Millitvry We're otfering some very smart models i.i
Sport Hats, Sailors. Turbans anil Kiovver Trimmed !!:.! at ?4.9.". $."".!!.'. and i;.9." ih.i:
will surely appeal ti the woman who wr.uts a very moderate priced Spring Hat.
Safe of
MIDDIES
u Monday at
' 98c
YOE REMEMB'.R last Mon
day's : ale of Middy Bloiihcs. if you
were here, you won't forget it. th'-sto-e
was crowded at a very early
hour, and we cios d out all the
styles for Women before noon
nut there are sever. I dozen left in
Misses' sizes 14. 16 IS and "0. we
have decided to gi' e you another
chalice, to ouy thei tomorrow at
!)M'. Thole's a '.ar.-ty of pleasing
ttylej ticiu which t choose.
ft
t
rt
s.V
t-0
' -r rt i
-
i
Crepe de Chine and Georgette
BLOUSES $3.95
$7.50 to $12.50 Values
00
mmmi
i. 1 ' .
.s.v
THIS OFFER KEl'RESENTS tiie remainder ot
the Blouses that were on sale a week ago at
HALF-pjilCE. tomorrow morning you take your
choii e tor $:;.9o most ef them are $7.00 and
J.s.aO values, but there are a few that sold for a.
much a: $!l'..".0
-MADE ol Crepe 1 Chine and Georgette Crepe,
in dark shades of green, purpit , navy, brown.'
me ol t.iem nave large collars
or i mbroiilered. trimmed i'h hca'i
er clu nilii cmhronlery. Ih. y 11 go .pinl
. aie prti.e. :u bo ui lunu ei ly Monday
; ,.Vy '''. I '.i'l are fulled o
.I. . .... . .
d Ki'll Kail
ckly at the I
inorcing. I
i rate a null. If the roervmr supply
should fail, water may be se uii d
Iron, tin- Gold l.ad company or
pu upeil ovr lh - Pill from Hie vicinity
of Little Meadows.
New oi k
about I'D.ti'Mi
war.
sta'e
moi'jr
could
trucks
contribute
in care of
CARRANZA GIVEN HIGH
HONORS AT GUADALAJARA
Gl'ADALAJAKA. Fvb. :' I. .eiieial
Carraiiza was :en an elll hu.siaslic
eee.ion mi his nriviil here last
.litbl. lie will probably ici.i.iiu here
scviTi.I days before going to Mcrico
City lo receive the credentials 'jS
Iletitv P. Fleteher, the new aiubussa
J.r ir..-.. :Lt L -it'.-C a-'.-c.
OPLIN GETS BASEBALL
FRANCHISE OF TOPEKA
.MT'I'KN. N. Y.. l . i'. .'I Seerelay
John II. I'iirrell of the Naiion.il Asso
iii'ion ..I I'roiessi.nial Baseball
Leagues announced - toii'gbi f at t' ,
Irancbise and plavers el the To t i
.lull of the Western League have been
.... . ... .i . i . : -
ALFHA DELTS ARE ALL
FOR UNIVERSAL SERVICE
BALI'IMOlti:. Md. I'.b. The
eiglity-liftli annual cnvcnlion ef Ihe
Alpha Didla I'lii fraternity, iiieeii'u
la ic today with b legato.- from -'
lilliversille- .mil colleges, adopted res
iiluluuis iu favor ol un;vi r.-al military
SNOW ELOCKS TRAIN IN
CENTRAL CALIFORNIA
SACUAMEN IO. Cal . Feb. 21. A
him ka.le m overland Malhc east a' d
woM hound over tiie Southern 1'aiin.
and We: tela l acilic li.o ks i'I m .
he broken hi lore tomorrow, aoordf
to annojiteeiueuts by railroad ojiials THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 25, 1917.
THREE
Ask
Grandfather
He'!l
Tefl You
You Want To Bo
Sirony And Wei!
Keep your blood pure; ihutV. trie only way. luii t
wait until you feel badly, but Lenin NOW. Im
1 initios in the blood put unnecessary work upon
iill the organs, making weakness and old age Coine
quicker. Do as Grandfather did; take S. S. S.,
the best of all blood tonics, proven for 50 years.
Take it now; take, it often, and you will hayn
stTiivth. health and happiness. At' your druggist'?.
" bWihT sptciric cc... Atlanta, ga.
S.S.S.Wiii Strengliisn You
The Churches
HI U III.
In a. in. i
::Uay. 7:".0
School 3:00
BILL AT THE EAGLE
DOROTHY DIX THINKS
"IDLE WIVES" ONE OF !
dcot mnTiinre cwcd
DLOI nUIUriC.0 LVLH Great International Serial,
j Advocating Preparedness
Great Sociological Drama on in Bisbee Monday.
i r i . i . - i !
me ooaras ai me urpneuni i
Theatre Today and Monday
by the Universal People.
'PATR1.V ".the greatest prepared
i noss photoplay serial of the Interna
tie.n, with Mrs. Vernon Castle, fatuous
have ever seen, and the best exponent j
of the incalculable power of the mov-
Poi'.ithy Dix, the fainoils author, re-. actress ami beamy in the title rule,
cemly wrote a letter to Lois Weber ' will be shown for the first time at
and Phillips Smalley, photoplay pro-: Katie Theatre Monday. "Pallia" has
ducers of James Oppenheim's novel, teen irany months in the making, nnd
"Idle Wives", which comes to the now that it is about ready for presen
Orpheum theatre today and Monday, i tation to tile public is a super-motion
"I went to see 'Idle Wives' the other j pictur e unrivalled artistic beauty,
night." saiit Miss Dix. "and enjoyed anij epoch-making magnificence,
it very much indeed. It is one of th ! "Patria" was conceived for the du
ii)()".t appealing and human dramas I!i f furnish hip the Inchest
' quality of photoplay entertainment
ins picture as an iuu'ir -nee for good, i pt ssirte, and oi instilling into me.
The thin? that got me was not the ! American public the deep obligation
story itself, hut the wonderlul train-j of prepaiing the country against in
intr you gave, it the discontented hns- j vasion. Nothing has been left undone
band and wife, the quarrelling ramilv to accomplish these purposes. "Pat
wi'h nothing to brighten their sordid rj;l" js a motion pictme maslerpiect
. lives or to giw them new thought, the 1 tnat teaches a lesson, the far reach
girl and IAjv on the verg f the pre-jnp inii,.n,.(. f which will live foi.
cipice all of whom are liled on I f ! centuries
. therm elves, sa.ed, turned back by hav-: i.i.s Joseph Vance, one of the
me their d:-i.ger visualized before rim.IllnK, American authors and play
them, by having new thoughts present-1 wrl(thts wroW ..pallia- He has weld
ed ,hTem,b-v the maR,c rM-- I ed together in a series of episodes a
The BiMe says that salvation is of n,.larkabI. imerest bristlin?:
without n.or.ev - ana witao.it price. be-ljn at kjn(, ()f M.
lieve me. I think that the moving pic- uiteI11nl ,!lHt I1akeR one iVt.r witr
lures nave cm ine puce oi salvation ;
down to ten cents, and that's putting
it in tl.o m.w.l, ,.r tUn ..nr......-.
" I,l'. wives' is a great sermMn. ' s"n'I,,UOUS K"- As 'Tatria" is
There's no human being who won t be, a sp"al' " woul(1 be "nfiur to rPVral
better for seeing it." of 1,10 n,ot- But this ,,ulcn
Do you want to know what a bless- ' "f it is announced:
ing a Iiule child is in a home? Then ' ,a,r,a ('banning, which character is
go to see "Idle Wives" and look into . impersonated by Mrs. Castle, is left
the homes where, in the secluded ! pn orphan early in life, bereft, too. of
nurseries, professional nurses are em-! a" otner relatives. Her life is mould
ployed to scientifically bring up the 1 eu hy a painstaking guardian, w ho
children fj do without their parents. ' has instilled in her mind from child
In this great picture we ;re made ' hood the idea or patriotism. Slit
to feel the supreme necessity of ap- 1 knows little about herself, except tha'
prri?!ins! life, and i:'0-t of all the she possesses u vast, fortune and tha'
simple life, tne life of sincerity and she "etisl some day take her place a
iruili us opposed to the holRjw mas- lh head of the great manulu turl."
querade. tho hypocri.-y in silk and industries, including vast imT'iiliorv
saphires. that is so characteristic ol plant?, that is pp.rt of her inlieritafi i
the existence, of the idle rich. See "Patria," a really great picture
patriotic enthusiasm. The Interna
tional has staged the production in
Doctor Tells How To Sircngtlten
Eyesight SO per cent In -Onii
Week's Time in Many Instances
A Free Prescription You Can Have ! ud exn uc of ever Retting glr
, . . . troubles of m:ii dcsci iiitiou
rilled aad Lse at home . ..isfuiij. Lcdit.-d by foil,
Bisbee Suburbs.
WARRKN: Sundiiy Si bool.
Preaching. 11 a. In.
I.OWKI.I.: Sunday S' i1(,(.l.
Pn achii'g. p. in.
Prayer Service. Wedltc
p. ni.
SOt"lli Rl.-P.Ki:: Sunday
p. ui.
Preaching. V:"0 p. m.
('. lv TueMlay, 7::ii p. in.
UClV l.l IS; Sunday Scliool lo:::o p. in.
W e itivite yoll to onperate with us
in (lie up building ol Christ's Kingdom
in these communities outside Vf Bis
bee. J. PviiYS KVANS. Minister.
First Baptist Church.
!:4.r. S. S., I:. M. Howard. Supt.
11:00, preaching. Subject: "Glory
for the Cross in Suffering."
fi:ir, .Inn. and Sen. P.. Y. P. I".
7:4.". preaching.
Rev. Samuel Keir. of Los Angelea,
Calif., will deliver the addresses.
The PapthH people will assist the
Volunteers of America in .meeting
Tuesday evening.
Wednesday evening, prayer meeting-Thursday
evening, choir practice.
Baptisms at Sunday evening service.'
F. M. PITMAN.
Spanish Services.
Sunday School. 9:30 a. m. at Vol
unteers of Americ a Hall. O. K. St.
Preaching service Wednesday 7:30
p. ni. Treadling at I'resoyienan
Church Sunday, 4:00 p. in. Christian
Endeavor Sunday, 7:30 p. ni. Topic:
Service, .las. 1:19-27. A cordial wel
come Kj all.
U. A VILA.
WESTERN UNION
TELEGRAM
RECEIVED
28 S RN 23 COLLECT
AMADO ARIZONA 1C15A FEB. 24th 1917
MR. J. O. TONKIN
SANTA CRUZ-BISBEE MINING CO, ROOM I
MUHEIM BLDG., BISBEE ARIZONA
HAVE STRUCK MAIN VEIN IN TUNNEL. ORE
EXCELLENT GRADE. CANT ESTIMATE WIDTH OF ORE
BODY. INDICATES LARGE.
FULL PARTICULARS.
J. F.
LETTER FOLLOWING WITH
WALKER 1035A
Presbyterian Church.
Sunday School at 9:45 a. ni.
Christian Kndeavor at 6:30 p. m.
Topic: "What the Home Mission
floard is and What it is Doing" Ua.
15: 1-10.
Public Worship at 11 a. ni. and at
7:30 p. in., with sermons by the pastor. ,
Choir practice Thursday evening
I'nion social of the young people's
societies 'of the Protestant churches
in this church Friday evening.
JOHN K. FRY, Pastor.
Church of Assemblies of God
Services: Sunday afternoon at T.
o'clock: Sunday evening. 7:30 o'clock:
Wednesday praytr meeting, 8 p. ni.
Everyone cordially invited.
JOHN EITINf!, Pastor.
Christian Science Society
HOUSE VOTES $400,000 FOR
PROBE OF FOOD PRICES.
WASHINGTON Feb. 24 An amend-
Jnient to the sundry civil bill approp
riating $400,000 for an investigation
by the federal trade commissjon of the
high cost of food, passed the house
tonight 83 to 51.
SAGE TEA DANDY
TO DARKEN HAIR
Look years younger1 Use the
old-time Sage Tea and
Sulphur and nobody
will know.
SOCIETY
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
i-entieth Centurv club will meet at i Washington's birthday dinner party pation lh. ..j dQ yQU
- Y. M. C. A. with Mrs. Teufert in!at r Tombstone Canyon ; ( ,
Continued from Page 3, Society Sec.
The Educational department of the!
Twentieth
the
i.hifiro Tnocil.iv t,tf !i liwciiri in r.f i T hll rsday
' i
red English. t
i
The P.ible class of the Y. W. C. A.,
led by Kev. Dr. Brewster, will meet
at the building Monday.
On the afternoon of March 9, the l
Twentieth Century club will entertain
its friends with an art tea at the Y.
M. C. A. Ch'.dce prints of famous
works will be. shown and a musical
program will entertain the guests.
Ashanti Camp Fire girls entertai.i-
I Mrs. J. T. Quick was hostess to a
The evening was passed
in music and games. The guests v.erv
Mesdames Waison. Butler. Owens,
Ashby, Friedel, Long and Misses Wil
mer. Slaughter and Messner.
Chamberlain's Taarevs.
j These Tablets are intended esp
i rially for disorder. of the stomach.
' liver and bowels. If you are troubled
with heartburn, indigestion or consti-
good.
Advertisement)
Bay of Biscay is strewn with Ger
man mines of floating type, says
American captain, just returned.
Relieves Serious Case
of Chronic Constipation
DR. CALDWELL'S SYRUP PEPSIN
CORRECTS CONDITION THAT
SSCMED HOPELESS.
After suffering from chronic consti
pation until she was so run down she
was unable tj do any kind of work,
Mir.s H. A. Frees. 2 )9 Adams St.. Day-
f ever getting glnsat-s. Eyk
us inay l
llnwinr tk
NlitedclpliK Pa. lo vu wetir classes? ru..s. i., r,. ,s uie ,.r..s,-ri! .ec.
Are J..., a v.--!,:,, of eye strfii. er other "' .uvU.v.' . !n.g store mid get t
eve w. akie .sM .? If s.,, yoa iil be glad 'I'111', , '," ,'7;-""" V'"1'
to l.i. w ;..-.! aceoru,,,.: f. Dr. Lewis !-'- i.d'M ui a.fo,.rtU of u phis.
Lio jiiimi it. lie i i:e fir iwtt ur loll
eves ri-.-ioreit III!- I'ltl til- 'l Mieitlle nil" - -'
, i... I ...... i i clear nil p.-ri-etitthiy right from the start
man wivs. ait.r trying it: "1 was :ili:io:t Vf M.'"i'i-r.
,"...:! t , i.i r..:,.l ..; ..II v.HviM ,v'r ey;-s are Ih.theruig you. even a
there is r.;:i leiiH- for yon.
eyes were l'aiiiiig say tiny hav
I iitii read cTi-r thing vithoiit any glas
:titd ej- i-ves d.i ie t v. a'.t'r aiiy esore. . t
little, take stes to save tln'iu uow before
it is t-M, hit". M:i!iv lioiiele-lv blind
-I t .I.ev would .!r...i.:f.ii:v: m.xv ! '!-'ve .i'en savt n uiey uau .-:irea
tlev f-el li,,. all il.e ,i,.,e. I; was like t Heir eyes in tune. .
.. i.ii-i.le t.. me" A ii.lv who iw.xt It ' 0,l': -in,,"'rr lniiiiiner,t I'tiy-i. i:in to nliom
a U " m . '"' "K,M1. " , tlieRNnwartH-lewHXMniuitUtl.siiHl: "Hon Opto
says: ll'e atntoMiucT? sis lied iiav.y with js , v..rv r...1:lir. ;,! ivtiM-.lv. .U roiisliinrnt
or w.thnit glasses, but t'tter c.-ing th: . iucivdi.-nt nre well kmra-n toeniiiirat rvc nw
pre.er!itloli liftei n da-, s ev! ytliing ialiKtsand iiK-ly treMTil"d liv th-ni. I Ik-inn n
seems cli ,ir. I iaa even i-.-:..l tin- print nfui tur.-rs ciiHi.int.-e it to Mrem.-tli.-n eesilit
without l'!--s " It is b-li.-vid th-it ' 50 I"'""'' in week linK- in ninny instnnen.
tlioiis..nls who w..ir ....- can low ui ! .inn-ci-t is on-.if ttic vrry fw pn-pnra-c-anj
tliciu in u tvjis.ti.aln- Liaeand mill-; ti .ns i ht- mhmiM Im- kept on liaixl fnr n-Kular use
tltii.les more will be i;Me to streniie u j iuU;.n..l tv.-ry family." II in aoki in tliiaciiy by
their eye so as t.i !: si.ared th" trouMi'l glSBEE DRUG CO.
You can turn gray, faded hair beau
I tifullv dark . and lustrous almost over :
Christian Science Society of Bisbee niht if vou'll get a 50-cent bottle of ed the Boy Scouts Friday evening.
holds services in Odd Fellows Hall at "Wyeth's Sage and Sulphur Com- Decorations, games and refreshment
11 a. m. The public is welcome and ' naund" at any drug sfjre Millions of were in harmony with .he occasion
invited to attend. Subject for today, bottles of this o' famous Sage Tea Washington's birthday.
-"Ina i Recipe, improved by the addition of; : ton, Ohio, obtained a bottle of Dr.!
St John's Episcopal Church. 'other ingredients, are sold annually.) Evening class in First Aid will be- Cai,lw,lrs Syrup Pepsin and used it!
Sunday School, 9:45 a. in. Morning says a well-known druggist here, be- j sits Monday. Feb. 26. at the Y. W. C. A. wit;l slK.h pratifvis results thai she!
service. 11 a. m. Thursday, choir cause it darkens the hair fo naturally Ur. IlowKer, tormeny or u asiungio:i. ron-inueil tlie trea'.mei.t and has writ-1
practice, 7:30 p. ni. land evenlv that no one can tell it has i D- C, will conduct the lectures. ; , , rtr r..,i...j t:.-.t i.r condition I
Lenten Services: Wednesday. 4:30 been applied. , I : is again normal, and t!:at she wants to ;
t.oa ... . ..... I o c T T i . . . ...,:..... 1 . , : I ...
I nose whose hair is turning gray or ' trn.ei mn..i recoiiimcr.d Syrup I't psm to everyone
becoming faded have a surprise await-! terday afternoon in honor 'of Mrs. M.jwno s.,rirs with, constipation. J
ing them, because after one or two ap-i Harmon, who is here from her home-; tjr ( al l ve'.l s Syrup Pepsin is a
plications the gray hair vanishes and in Iowa on a visit to her sister, Mr.-. ; conii.inat.'.ui of simple laNative herbs t
your locks, become luxuriantly dark , Robert Beaton. The decorations were wit;, pi.pS:n Ker.iie in ib action and I
and beautiful, red and white carnations. Auctkn free fr-uu griping or other rain or dis-1
This is Uie age of youth. Gray-: bridge was played. Those present comfort. It cent:' ns no ophite or!
haired, unattractive folks aren't were Mrs. Glen Allen. Mrs. Hannon. narcotic drug. ami. while ac ting read:-j
around, so get busy with Wyeth's Sage Mrs. Robert Ik-afjn, Mrs. Pat Henry, iy on the most eluhborn case of in- itations and ineffective sut.stitute be
and Sulphur Compound to-night and ; Mrs. Carl Trischka. Mrs. Jas. Flanigan ' active l.'jwtU. is absolutely safe for sure you get Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Te?-
von'll ka ,lAli1.ta,t u-itli eM... - ..,.1 !1rs C St Tteislar trii V.ii Irwin unit I ti, tint... i...K .... ti.t t l.1uol tn tl,.it t f-i.-uimilA of Tlr ru I.
... io.v, .....i .j. "r '- handsome hair and your youthful ap-: Mrs. F. G. Peckner. , familv laxative and should be kept on well's signature and his portrait appear
seizure or attack,' which shall be at. ' pearance within;a few days. j
ten,. .ted on such vessel, hv anv armed I Thls preparation is a toilet requisite
Friday, 7:30 n. rn.
H. S. BREWSTER, Rector, j
i
S. 0. P. FILIBUSTER 1
BROKEN IS1 SENATE
(Continued From Page One)
I 1 i --' i
1 LfJ
WHEN FAST DRILLING
EOESSABV
T hen you r.eed our Models 50 and 53 "Clipper" Drills.
For drifting, stoping or sinking in confined places where
dujt js encountered use our Model 50 "Clipper." For
shaft sinking in wet shafts, general plugging and for all
classes of outdoor work, use our Model 55 "Clipper."
All parts of our Models 50 and 55
are interchangeable. Ask tor Bulle
tin C-2.
Schweitzer Machine Co.
Mining Machinery Department.
135 So. Sixth Ave. - - Tucson, Arizona.
IE AT WIT
THE LITTLE PORTABLE GAS HEATER ENABLES YOU
TO QUICKLY CONVERT THE COLDEST ROOM IN
YOUR HOUSE TO WARMTH AND CHEER IT GIVES
kViti.v. -
: hand in every household for use when 'on the yellow carton in which the bt-
Mrs. I,aura B. Hart, past nuvr . needed. tie is packed. A trial bottle free of
shin of the central powers and to an(l is not intended for the cure, mit!- 'worthy matron of the Order of Eaft Pr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin costs charge, can be obtained by writing to
-epol by force and assault or hostility nation, or prevention of disease. ern Star, will be present here Tuesday, only fifty cents a boitle and is sold in Dr. W. B. Caldwell. 4"5 Washingta
m committed and to subdue and cap-1 (Advertisement) : Feb. 27. at the local banquet. drug stores everywhere. To avoid im- St.. Monticcllo. Illinois. '
ture or destroy such vessels." mmmmmmm -
On the army side the President
would be authorized "in the event of
a declaration of war against the Fn
i'ed States," or of invasion or or im
minent danger of invasion, "discover
ed in his opinion to exist," before the
next session of congress, to call into
service in addition to the regular ar
my and the national guard, 500.0UO
men to .serve not more than three
years or during the continuance of
the "existing differences" with the
central powers.
The President also would be given
authority to accept volunteers and
to organize the uOO.000 men called in
to the proper service branches and to
officer them when the senate is not
in session by his commission alone.
The resolution says that when Ger
many and her allies "shall disavow
and cause their commanders to "re
frain from the lawless depredations
and outrages hitherto encouraged and
authorized." and shall cause "the
laws of nations to be observed," then :
the commanders of merchant ships
may be directed "to submit to any '
regular search" by central power war
vessels and to refrain from any
force or capture."
The act would continue in force for
six months "and until the end of the
next session of congress thereafter."
When, just before midnight. Sena
tor Simmons submitted the proposed
agreement to the senate for ratifica
tion, eveiv senator was on his feet.
Senator Ashuisf declared he would
object unless assurances were given
for consideration of the conference
reitort on the Indian appropriation
t ill and it w as a creed to give an hour
to this report Mondav. When other
senators, includinc Shaft rot li. urging
he Porto Rico bill, began to plead.
Senator Penrose rosp and declared:
"This has gone far enough. If
there is to be any further weirding of
this agreement, objections will come
from the minority. The oinority nl
rendv his sacrificed enough. It "111
say further to the sena'nrs from Col
orado ?nd Arizona that neither of
their bills will pass this session of
concress."
The objections were withdrawn and
at 12: SO the senate adopted the agree
ment, by unanimous consent and recessed.
1
Comfort'
WHERE YOU WANT IT
WHEN YOU WANT IT
LIGHTS AT THE FLASH OF A MATCH CONNECTS
BY A FLEXIBLE METALLIC TUBE AND CAN BE
EASILY MOVED FROM ONE ROOM TO ANOTHER.
QUICK
SAFE CLEAN
Prices $2.75 to $7.00
E IMPROVEMENT CO. FOUR
THE BISBEE, DAILY REVIEW,, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 25, iyi7.
- i
. i
Published Every Day Except Monday by the
Stale Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
, Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 3, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable in Advance:
PER MONTH $ .75
THREE MONTHS 2.25
SIX MONTHS 4 00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
S'lNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter 75
Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
PHONE NO. 39.
Revvlw subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Jaily rieview before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department. No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor if any irregularity of delivery Is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Sunday Morning, February 25, 1917.
ifM fw -
riiips. On August 19 the White Star liner Arabic was m v w
torpedoed with 3u Americans o:i board, and two of them
we:? killec'.. Nine more Americans were ulnin when rn
Austrian submarine attaiked the Italian liner Ancona on
November 7. A submarine injured by sh'l'ire an
American sailor on the Petrolite on December 3. An
American consul named McNeeley was killed when the
British liner Persia was torpedoed on December 30.
The L'-boat warfare waned then, but was renewed in
March, 1916. American lives were jeopardized on var
ious ships. One American was Injured on March 9 by
the torpedoing of the Norwegian bark Silus. One Ameri
can on the IXminion liner Englishman was killed on
March 24 by a torpedo. The torpedoing of the Channel
steamship Sussex led to President Wilson tlireatenin;
Germany with a severance of diplomatic relations unless
this ruthless warfare were discontinued. Germany prom
ised, and kept her word for several months. But six
more Americans were killed by the torpedoing of the
British ship Marii'a on Octcbiy :!0, and a little later 17
Americans were killed on the steamer Russian.
On January 3J. Germany sent word to Washington that
all pledges were revoked, and she would sink everything
and everybody that ventured to sea without -Vr consent.
Long and patient negotiation has proved useless. At
last the United States is driven to sterner measures. It
will be one of the wonders of history that we waited so
long before calling Germany td account.
SiateHisfiSradB
f Eid cf Jolin Barleycon
CO-OPERATION A SUCCESS.
Bisbee and Cochise county have proved what a success
general administration can be made when there is co
operation between officials. In point, we cite t!ie work
persued by the members of the Sheriffs force with Hint
of the City Marshal, the co-operation between the super
visors and city councilmen on the county and city
labcratory and the further evidence of that feeling by
the mutual upkeep of the comity and city quarantine
hospital.
In many counties and cilies in Arizona there is no ac
cord between the officials. As a consequence, both the
city and county fails to get the largest possible measure
of efficiency and economy out of either administration.
Sheriff Wheeler and County Attorney Ross complained
that the county officers were handicapped in making any
headway against the bootleggers in the city without the
co-operation of the city officials. On the other hand, the
city officers have no means of co-operating. The ordin
ances did not provide for any movement of the force
which would aid the deputy sheriffs.
As a consequence Bisbce's city council passed an ord
inance which, with the p.id of the cour.ty officers, has
practically eliminated bootleggers frciu Bisbee. What
few there are here, at the present time, deal in the pro
duct 'from the hip'. It has r.bcut reached an irreducible
minimum. At best, and so long as liquor is made, then
will be a clandestine traffic in any of the proscribed drugs
or liquors.
Months ago t.'ie city and county physicians called the
attention of the councils in I'isltcc and Douglas and Hi-'
supervisors at Tombstone to the need of having a bacter
iological laboratory. Without delay the three bodies co
operated and a bacteriologist of note was secured and
i.caltii conditions have been bettered materially thereby.
In the matter cf the milk supply, alone, there has been
a wonderful change for the better in Bisbee, Douglas and.
in short, entire county. lu this city and District, particu
larly, the grade of niiik sold by the dairies and the res
taurants has been ra:"sed. The officers, .whose duty it
was to see that the health laws were enforced, alter
several efforts, decided that fie only method for forcit!?
people to better their products was to turn the light of
publicity on the entire affair. Where prosecution, arrest
and fine failed, the publicity won. It is now a rare thihg
to find one of the dairymen below the standard.
The Warren District's quarantine hospital is another
example of what can be ucconiplsihed with the proper
spirit on the part of a city and a ccun'y. Such an insti
tution was a ici ulcd nccissity and. working together,
the city and county built the hospital and, lately, de
cided to employ a trained nurse to take care of the in
stitution. Co-operation can not be overestimated in any line cf
endeavor. Cochise county and Bisbee can f;-cl a gr.itili
cation over the fact that the county and city administra
tions are in complete accord. There are few pet'y
jealousies and none of these contribute to work hardships
on either the county or city.
CONSIDERATION.
In another colu.un of The Review, this morning, ap
pears a letter addressed to the editor of this publication
from "A Colored Man". We would commend the letter
to our readers as etnniinently sensible, fair and to the
point.
The residents of the Warren District may be thankful
for the orderliness of the negro population cf this region.
It is, comparatively, small and is exceedingly well be
haved in every particular. A glimpse on the police rec
ords will disclose that thisr element of the city and Dis
trict's population rarely comes into court. They are law
abiding and deserving of all consideration at tiie hands
of all the people.
JUice prejudice is one of the worst tilings to stimulate
in any community. Fortunately, the Warren District has
teen remarkably free of any such efforts in the past and,
no doubt, will be in the future. Our civilization, our
teachings and our laws accord the negro every protec
tion, every consideration, every right and function that
is enjoyed by any other people. Because a man or a
woman happens to be born black, in view of these cir-
u::ista:ices, is no reason why they should be made, in
advertantly, the c.itspaw in an endeavor to whip some
cne over their shoulders.
We think the people of this city understand the situa
tion in its entirety. The negro population sioirfd not tae
umbargc at the affront. It deserves to be put in that
catagory of mistakes perfected by unconsiderate people
and forgotten. Such mistakes do not harm the people
tigainst whom they are dircied. Boomerangs are made
of such material.
Representative Harry Houser. of
Gila county, is determined that Gila
county and Pinal county shall not he
without the same means of prose: ving
and protecting the game '.if the state
from too great depredations on the
part of the enthusiastic nimrod. He
has introduced into the already crowd
ed hopper of the house bills a bill
pioviding for the establishment of the
Pinal Mountains State Game Reserve,
which shall be composed Jf that p-.'it
of the Pinal Mountains that lies with
in the boundaries of the Crook Na
tional Forest. Within the confines l
this tract it shall he unlawful to do
anything that hunters delight to do.
except to those sorts of animals that
aie generally kn'.Hvn as wild animate
and upon which there is paid a bounty.
(By L. C. Rogers
John l!;irie iVini has been a kin.:
Thee may hundrtii -.-ais..
And hi has ruled most everything
In which control appears.
And many think he is their friend,
BecMise h" makes t'netu jolly;
And makes tin ir somber mood to
blend
Willi carefree fn aks of folly.
"IT PAYS TO ADVERTISE" IS ADMIRABLE
FARGE TO BE SHOWN HERE ON MARCH FIRST
Chorus.
we have
the chance id I
Then while
drink.
Fill glasses to the brim.
Heed not what sober heads may think,
For s'ill "we're in Hie swim."
Hilt after all such nightly spree.-".
An aftermath is sure:
Our heads buzz like a s.varm of bes,
Which plagues us to endure.
And tht n we're ready to siviurtiff.
With aching resolution.
And liniily swear we've had enough
Of this devilish delusion.
An attempt was made to rob the
Pank of Oatman shortly after midnight
cn Sunday evening, and only the time
ly arrival of the cashier frustrated
the safe
Chorus.
Oh. nol we cry, we never w ill
Partake of booze again,
tracking episode. Cashier For it has proved a bitter pill.
And leaves but grief and pain.
Long had spent the evening at a din
ner party and in returning home past
the bank looked over the curtains on But now his trial has begun,
the window and at the same 'nr,e And sure as you are born:
looked squarely into the large, r.jii'id A temperance victory will be won
exit of the bullet chamber of a .45. Over John Barleycorn.
Me ducked in time, and called oilicert In nineteen hundred seventeen
but the "yeggmen" had made a "has- Though it may be disputed
iy hi me meantime ana leii only uic sentence or the c.mrt will mean
evidence of their mission. However
they got none of the assets or respon
sibilities of the bank.
.-
5K
: W.- ' :x':
3
TTT 3t '"-V s Tl
.."-"'"'I
tA
'5:---.Av'Wv"
r A - x -t - .5
t'-5.-;-0',- V v -.'
fc-H'VV"? .'fV-i-CA
V.--;,"'4
'f.i. ';Mi
..
I. i.. "
Martin Leskousky. convicted mur
derer, twice escaped from the clutches
of the law, is njv again in the toil-..
a:;d has just started on his last jour
ney, that will land him in the electtij
chair in Pennsylvania. In t barge oi
District Attorney. C. G. Setzer and
Detective Daniel Thomas, of (Carhon
county, in the Keyston;- State, left
Phoenix after having been extradited
before Governor Campbell. Leskou
sky was apprehended at Jerome, Ari
zona, by Deputy Sheriff llaskins two
weeks ago under peculiar circumstan
ces. For -.mie time ho had been em
ployed as a miner at the Little Dais
mine, when he suffered an accident,
and it was while in the hospital that
f- He will be executed.
Chorus.
Then hail the dawn of this new morn,
And this great victory score.
Which is that Old John Barleycorn
Will live and rule no more!
Warren. Arizona.
I
Stenefron "It Pays to Advertise"
Who was it said tiiat the romance farce is said to have all the dexterity
today is to be found in the bust- 'f a Ka,I,e' an t0 keep the audience
guessing, and even when the fun is
Marsh-ill Karnutii, brother of Will
iam and DiiMin FjTiiuir., and himself
a motion picture a-for ar;d direc'nr
"if considerable note. t!i -i in Presc:tt
several days ago or luhcrciiloM.-;. Tvuii
William and Dust in Farnu n v-cre ;;t
their brother's bedside when the end
(Bine. Fartium lirst visii.d Present!
several years ago when he was the
director of a company of Stiig aclots
at that phue.
........ -r.,-l,l " f:.,,r.-.j "11 f"i.h-tn li:!
at its fastest the fundamental corn
pone '.me better-he has proved tnat monsense back of jt al! helps to glve
the best field for farce is that same the necessary touch. It all begins
kittling American business world, with the plot of a wealthy soap manu
1 laving already proved it in his "Get- flu"T l Set hi easy-going son in-i:ich-Quick-Wallir.gford."
he has pro- - Veiled in business. His stenogra.
dnced another larce called ' It Pavs to Pher en,ers into the tnspiracy. and
Advertise." which com, s to the Or- the ,ind their Plot orks only too
pheum tiieatr... March 1. with the"1"" On money obtained -from father
r nutation of being another "Walling- himself, the boy embarks as a rival
ford". While the pie : is a-credited soap manufacturer and gives the old
to Koi Coojer Merrue atid Walter man a run for the money. H is see
Ihickett. there is .'aid to be apparent saw between them, and the ups and
thi'jiighout i's action the skillful and downs make one of the breeziest
individual touch of Mr. Cohan. The ' farces Vf the season.
The strike of' laborer-: at ('-.:, ml'er.
on the cotton plantation iheic. has
teen broken. A squad of d; pcy stnr
county j:t.i. " V:c
S TlKU'll Al! U-.,t tMPtili- ! lit., f w
landlady. Mary Yanatehick: He Sjv.v. a,:!at,.rs :itv M,'l!av; r. , ;
first apprehended in P.H9 at P.utt. region
. I " - -
ca.ied from the Carbon
after his conviction for killin
i'nt.. when be was taken
Shortly afterwards lie escaped
and ha been practically lost
that time.
bad:
since
A RECORD OF PATIENCE.
It is only the almost inexhaustible patience of the
American people that, has kept us from goinc to war wiih
Germany long ago over the I' boat issue. II is our duly
and privilege lo prolcrt. the hie of every American cili
tccii. Technically, tie,- dcliberale slaughter of. a single
American by ano!Jier nation would be considered suf
ficient grounds for war. In the last two years at least
200 American citizens have been killed by German sub
marines in obedience to orders issued from Berlin whicir
were themseives unlawful and murderous.
The first American to lose bis life through this crim
inal naval warfare was Leon T. Thicker, a passenger on
the British liner I'alal-a, wlii' ti was torpedoed March "7.
J!tlO. On May I, P'l,",, lo Amcrn;in -.iil'ir:- wee iliietn
ed and Hie i.ipt.iMi di'd of In-art t.iil'iie wlicn I'ic -il
tanker Oullliolil. wa: attj'kcd by a Mihiuarii"-. Then, o-t
May 7. ci'ine Hie swercnie rime e nei in warfare. Hie
Making of Hie Lusi'ania. with tin- h: s of K'l Aiim-i i' -hi
lives. vWe did not even go to war for that.
On M:iy." the Ann-i h an inert haul man Xebra. Kan was
torpedoed wiilio:! warning, but no one ;i injured. On
Juii'.' -s' '.'" Aue-rieau liUc-n.i. tnul' !ei-i:. on He- 1 i n r
Armenia'. ver- I lib d by . ln ijre ;ui. drovtiiin v hen ;t
!aiUcd by a 1' boat. About Ibis time lnind'ed ol AtiM ii-
EELLIGERENT CHINA.
The Chinese situation is curious and suggestive ot
-t range possibilities.
Dispatches from Tokio indicate thai in supporting the
attitude of tile I'nited States against Germany en the
submarine issue, China has the approval of Japan. It
is f veil anncviiced that Japan has promised China "all
possible support" in f'is stand including the mainten-t-.nce
of order in China if German influence should stir up
trouble there.
"China's protest to Germany," says the Japan Times,
"may be ta tn as a prelude to China's eventual partici
pation in the v ar on the si'ie of th.e-iCntcnte."
We always suspect a "nigger in the woodpile" when
Japan is concerned. Very likely Japan would welcome
an opportunity lo "maintain order in China". But over
and above ail s-.'.-pieic:: of Japanese intrigue in the (V
lestial Republic looms the possibility of China actually
playing a part in the European war.
What would tiat. part hi;? Japan is already at w;.r
with Germany, but lias confined Jier Hctivity to seizing
tiie German stronghold of Kiao-cha':. a.-.ri relieving the '
British navy of tiie job cf keeping tiie sea clear in the
Far Fast. No Japanese soldiers have been sent to j
Kurope, except as drillmastcrs for the Kus.sian armies, j
But there is no doubt that. Japan is willing to send troops j
if her allies request it. And it. has always been rcco;;- 1
nized that as a last resort. Lncland. France and P.ussia j
might welcomo mcli aid.
Then- now looms up Pie startling pet-sibility of Chinese j
ariiii't;. as well as Japanese, pouring into the Kuropean I
war zone, if China declares war against Germany, site :
will open an inexhaustible reservior of nu n. " There arc i
countless millions in china, untrained but none the l-s !
po'cutinl soldiers. Japan might train them. The Brit- j
ish navy and the trans Siberian railway might transport
them. If the Allies of the West canuot win. the rJa.t :
I
may save them. i
Thoiigli Germany may laugh at Chinese hostility, that
is tli'new peril she faces.
I
I
'I'm son and I'm- ml lme i n i il la'ely, b jat"
imvi -. I.i i us .'mpe (hey keep In (lie Santa I o aisl
Soul 1. in Pacihc hues duiiug llieir travel.; in Arizona
An eastern shoe ni.itiulaclurcr slates that if wounn
would wear longer dresses the price of t-hocs would be
crcat ly reduced.
Assaulting a jail is n it an offen.-..
recognized by a court in Arizona, ac
cording to a decision of the superior
court of Yavapai county recently. Tin
matter was brought to the attention ol
the court on a complaint by the town
of Jerome, on account of a general
good kicking the jail house received
The defendant in the case was on
Smith wh'j was accused of violently
and feloniously maltreating the jail
by picking the door with his hob
nailed boots.
Ye; gmcn blew open the safe of the
Prcscutt Laundry Coir.panv ihe firs!
ia:t of t:is woel.- ;m,i v. '....-p,: ,.r
neir trouoie. I ne j.io wis dee !y
"xpi-rls, un.ioiifct.'My. as 'sou;)' was
:ised to ad" "outage and no sound of
the explosion was heard.
SMALL A3 WELL AS
LARGE ACCOUNTS INVITED
The Miners & Merchants Dank solicits
small accounts, as well as large ones.
It encourages the people to save. Come
in new and start an account with us.
4t Interest Paid on Time Deposits.
The corporation eoininisiion ui!!. on !
March 1J. hen rHie implication of t!v
Arizona Soulheni raiiroad coiuea!';
for permission to advance its freight j
and pas.-eiigei rates. 'I he neurit:;;
will be ht Id at Sasco. 'Ihe follow im; '
day the oimiii -.siTjn wiil t.nulin: in-!
vesications of the stage li ic, operat-!
ing between Tucson ::n I H:id.--i inl I
Tucson and N'ogalcs. Tlie.se 1 1 e a " i n g s '. I vf tv tIJMt'5'5M2,W
v. ui ue neiii in l III ,-liu. Alioiller CIS
I
. tt 1 H I f i I 1 1 i I
vvhieii will come tit fore the coninil.--sioners
vtiiile at Tucson is V: a-i;I ... '
lion of Ihe Southern i ; i-irt (c iefianyj
to change the name oi II. e .-;;. Ii-jii ft j
Atiiado i'i Arivaca.
Sir Gilbert Parker. AL P.. one of the
notable figures in the British empire,
will spend the winter this year in
Arizona, after an absence of some six
years. Sir Gilbert is known all over
the world for his splendid novels
while his services to the British em
pire in a political way are nj less
noted. Since v isiting here heiore Sii
.miirum, rni mi niiiiilM,i!-ni uoont Hn opportunity I ) see lie H-'!-
cr for the Salt P.iver Valley, and inent: Iliat it has been on llm f.rr:er i
Castle Hot Springs, which he also for almost a year and lias rer.ei
1 v
liovernor Campbell has t il !' ci! i ,
letter to Secretary of War 1 ikei '
tasking him that the Pirst Arizona lu-i
ifantry be mustered out at Phoenix, j
; The governor in his letter pointed o.it j
that the peopi, of the s'ate have never
t ) see 'he l
i. -.. . . .... 'i , : m -I
visited. Since the ou'break of the valuable servi.-e to 'he state and na-
war Sir Gilbert has used his ability "" "at r.y niisiena ; M e neii : ;
out at I'lioellix tile expense v.oui.l lie
less than by sending the nu n io any I fc
otl.er point outside ui border points, J
as it is nearer to most of the home I'
cl:itinlK tti:in !IV .ltller llltillt ill tlif'T.
as a writer in behalf of the Empire in
encouraging recruiting, telling "what
has hanpi ned ami why' and in other
ways keeping the bright side of tht
A.
mmvi i
t
great struggle before his people.
state.
"II we do nol have a h-ague nr peace, wr will lavi
I'vo hagin s.-boili tead lor war." W II Tall.
Great V erde
Lxtension byndi
Is offering a small block iit ihe Great Verde Extension
Copjjcr Company at
Capital $750,000
Par value 25c
The treasury btotk of this company goes on ihe market.
March 1st at 30t per share. Pooled slotk advanced to
20 cents.
This pioperly adjoins t!v Unii.'d eitle Lxtr '' I'm n
the cast and is only a few handrcd feet from l)i;nl -A'izona
property. I his s'otk h one of th? 1 l Imys
in the Jerome District.
Tor further particulars and map cf Jerome District
call on or write
A. C. Anderson, Rep. for 5oi,thein Ari.onA
.rV. N. r.dw.,rd R-..I Ft'ir Off.... M.ili-i..
I'rewery CtiK It. 1'i -lir-r. I ii ii' 27.
I lave you cstablisheci your credit in
this community
A iM.nk account is one of the best build
e.3 of creait.
It is t ) your financial advantage to have
a Checking Account with this institu
tion. Bank with us.
Willi Iloney
That's the way wealth has been gained ever since the
world started.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is making money for you with the four per cenl
interest which this bark allows.
Cit't you sav '.ns account started and MAKE IT
C'xOW! "
Citizens Bank & Trust Company
Main Street Blbe, Arizona
Will E. Mi.Aee. Prestoent C. A. McDonald. Caihlor.
O. W. Wclf, Aitant Cahler.
bbbeh m m m. business mm THE BlSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 25, 1917.
FIVL
1
No More . .
ra t
SUI
fur"
the Best
"That Money Can Buy
x j ; y -
' . A
u
Sr Mr
We wish to call your Special
Attention to our Beautiful line
of all Wool Men's hand tailor
ed Suits. In all the latest de
signs and Fabrics. A large as
sortment of Pinch Backs.
Semi-English, also Semi-Box
Backs. Every Suit Guaran
teed to give perfect Satisfac
t'on or a new suit Free.
7 Reasons Why
"GOLD BOND" CLOTHES
Rets in Their Shape
1 Canvas which has been
- " thoroughly shrunk.
2 High-pick hair cloth in
sures shape retaining.
3 Fine quality white felt.
4 Silicia strips.
5 Linen tape, felled on
by hand
6 All linen stays, used to
prevent pockets from
sagging.
7 patented neck pad,
which eliminates wrin
kles below the collar.
M JS'M M
X: XT.
IUU.A1
ways
j r
ONE PRICE CLOTHES
MAIN ST. BI3BEE, ARIZONA
Y MINSTRELS WILL
BE PRESENTED AGAIN
ON TUESDAY EVENING
Another Record-Breaking Au
dience Expected to Witness
Second Performance of Big
Local Entertainment.
were al! enjoyed even liy the victims.
"My sides sti)I ache from latidiin?
so much," is the way Dr. John Twom
ey. editor anil publisher of the Twom
ey Twitterer and boss of Tammany
Hall, expressed his opinion of the
show yesterday, and it is safe to say
that everyone else who witnessed it
felt the same way.
The Y. M. C. A. minstrel jubileo,
which was given with great success j
.before an audience that packed the
Orpheum Friday nipht, will be re- j
peated at the Orpheum Tuesday nisht !
and the ticket sale indicates that the !
seeond show will draw as bis a crowd j
as the first. Although the show went '
fine Friday night, another rehearsal I
will be held at the Y. .M. C. A. this af-l
ternoon and the next performance
should be even better.
The same mile-a-niinute cast will ,
be seen in action in the same bis '
show. The first performance aroused
so much favorable comment that Sec-1
retary Richardson, of the Warren Dis-'
trict Y, is seriously considering put
ting it on in Douglas within the next
week or so.
If there was a single person present
' at the show Friday ni2ht who did not
enjoy it he or she could not be found
yesterday. The "gags" sprung in the
minstrel part on Eisbee residents
COMMODORE MULLIGAN DIES.
KLJ,ZABETH. X. J.. Feb. 24. Com
modore Richard Thomas Mulligan. I'.
S. X., retired, died today at his heme
here, aged 61. He was graduate from
Annapolis in 1S7 and was retired in
1909. He served at sea during the
Spanish-American war and later was
connected with the naval intelligence
bureau.
TO CHECK COLORADO LANDS.
DENYKii. Feb. 24. The house of
representatives passed on second
reading today senate bill number 5
by Senator Finclier, authorizing the
state hind board to appoint six ap
praisers at a salary of $1,500 each to
check the 150.000 acres of indemnity
land which belongs to the state under
the original federal land grant.
Sabe Moline-Knight?
Ask Art
A utomohile
Storage Batteries
RENTED, REPAIRED AND CHARGED
Lot our experts locate your trouble
electrical or mechanical.
Try us and find out
WHY
every one says we are the best
Brophy Garage &
Supply Co.
THE BIG TIRE AND SUPPLY STORE
Lowell - Arizona.
BlSBEE COPPER IS ALARM CLOCK STARTS
HOLDING OPEN HOUSE MATRIMONY IN GREAT
AT PROPERTY TODAY i PICTURE AT CENTRAL
Mining and Financial News
by ;view LEASCD WIRE
WOMEN SHOULD
GET THIS HABIT
i AS WELL AS MEN
General Public Is Invited to ; Triangle Feature, "Rummy'
Visit Mine in Winwood
Addition and See Plant and
AH of Its Equipment.
Today is open house at the works
"f the Bisbee Copper Mining and De
velopment Company in Johnson Ad
dition and the general public of the
Featuring Wilfred Lucas, Is
Biil at the Central Theatre
This Evening Only.
Alarm clocks have started a good
many people into a good many lines
of activity in the course of ti;ne, but
was any man ever before started into
Warren District is cordially invited j matrimony nieiely by the sound of
to be present and investigate for it-the winding of an alarm clock as is
self the great strides made by this i Wilfred Lucas
. r-ioni,..tirin (al aiflu tin, ilui'itLttmiont I
cf another great mining property in
this region.
Within a stone's throw of the city
of liisbee the Disbee Copper is hard
ly known except to those who live in
Winwood Addition and to those who
may have financial interests in the
company itself. It is reached by an
excellent road, leaving Lowell and is
but a short distance from that Bisbee
suburb.
The company has eighteen claims
in its group, approximating 373 acres
of ground. The work is now being
prosecuted on the Pauline claim,
where some excellent surface indica
tions have been uncovered. The com
pany is being financed bV the Howard
H. Riley Company, of 2(t Broad Street
Xew York.
in the new l nancfe-
Fine Arts play. "Rummy?"
Very likely nol. How it befell is
that before "Rummy" became a rum
my, in the days when he was a police
court reporter, he used to hear
through a thin partition, his unseen
boarding house neighbor, who he
knew was a young lady, nightly wind
ing her alarm clock. Every night
when he heard that sound he stood
and drank a silent toast to the girl of
the alarm clock. In the play sne is
just "the Girl;" off the stage she is
Pauline Starke.
. Then one day he met her face to
face. He did not know it but she had
just, been e: icted for non-payment of
rent and was leaving their rooming
house for the stieet.
The next time "Rummy" who was
not yet a rummy saw her was in the
.NEW YORK, Feb. 24 For want of ' Chino 54i I
a more specific or definite reason the j East Butte 13 V4
irregular tone of today's perfunctory : Granby 85'2 ' , ir
,. .. ...liK... 1 ' Don t eat bite of breakfast un-
111(11 IVCl (,rill nilj "Of all 1 1 j i v i w v, . v . vu.m.iic ............. t'j
latest developments across the water. ! Goldfield
The more drastic measures
by the British government
taken Hancock
66
excited I Indiana
some apprehension in speculative tir-; Inspiration
l
- I
til you drink glass of hot
water.
I Mohawk
Mayflower . .
! Xevada
; North Butte
Xipissing
cles. The early setback ranged from
one to 2l.i points in industrials and
specialties affected by the British em
bargo. U. S. Steel and the metals furnish
ed their usual larse quota to the mea
gre turnover of 134.000 shares. Rails
were neglected.
Short covering which became gen
eral in the last half hour resulted in
more or less complete recoveries.
The bank statement proved to be ; Osceola ....
widely out of line with forecasts, act- Pond Creek
ual loans showing only a nominal in-Quincy
crease with a small gain in reserves. Ray Consolidated
Another break in Italian exchange
with lires at 74:! was the only inci
dent in the market for foreign remit
tances. Bonds were irregular. Total sales.
Kennecott 44'i
Keweenaw 3'i
Lake 13 s
La Salle 3
Happy, bright, alert vigorous and
vivacious a good clear skin: a nat
ural, l'jsy complexion and freedom
i from illness are assured only by clean,
' healthy blood. If only every woman
Miami SS'.i and likewise every man could ealize
of the morning inside
ratifying change would
S
I Old
Dominion CI
SS
19
Shannon
Shattuck
Superior Boston
Tamarack
I'tah Copper . . .
par value, $1,463,000. L S. register-j I'tah Consolidated ..
A diamond drill, which sometime police-court. . She had been fished out
ago supplanted, the churn drill, has
been working for some time and is
now down a matter of over 800 feet.
The drill is now in a formation con
taining pyrites which has considera
tle values. This formation, basically,
has been traversed for a distance o!
490 feet.
Sinking of a three compartment
shaft is now down sixty-five feet but
is temporarily held up owing to the
inability of the company to secure
the pioper heavy shaft limbets. Work
vn that part of the work will be start
ed as soon as the timber arrives. The
officials of the company expect the
shaft to be sunk at a rate of at least
133 feet per day.
Of mechanical equipment Ihe cniu
pnny is well taken care of. The mct
or, compressor and hoist are housed
in a well constructed building r.nU till
of the machinery is put up on solid,
ri;n tete foundations.
The motor is 123 hoisejiower and
drives a compressor that has a capa
city of 700 feet cf pressure per second
The air is impounded in a big tank
and operates the hoist, the diamond
drill and the rock drills which wili
so-in be put to work in the shaft In
addition the propeity Iras a good
Macksmith shop, a small machine
shop and a safe powder magazine.
cf the river, after a vain attempt to
end her life. Moved by pity for his
little neighbor, he pleaded with the
magistrate for her release, but with
out avail. He would be responsible
for her, he said. The magistrate
smiled, the bailiff smiled, the whole
court smiled.
Then Rummy did a thing as big as
his big, brave heart: he declared that,
if she would have him, he would mar
ry her there and then. Frightened lit
tle Pauline said that she would have
him. So he married her. then and
there and then many other things
happened, all of which are seen in
"Rummy," which will be at the Cen
tral theatre today.
GOOD NEWS RECEIVED
Venture Hill Development to
Soon go Forward at a
Satisfactory Rate.
The camp of the Venture Hill i'm
pany, located about two miles south
sf Jerome, is a scene of much activity.
All through the stormy weather, the
work has been progressing stea'lily
under the able management of Mr.
E. L. Bartholomew, w hose competency
as its superintendent and engineer is
unquestioned. Despite the muddy
I'oads, the new fiO horse power horizon
tal Foos oil burning engine and the
new 23 horse power hoist have been
trcigbted to the mine and are now in
operation; the Sullivan compressor is
now in course of being placed on its
foundation, all "jf this machinery be
ing housed in a substantial building.
A boarding nouse. bunk house and
other buildings have been erected. A
concrete dam has b'cn buiit and water
is piped to the camp by gravity.
A substantial head frame "2 feet in
height his been constructed. Thev
arc now engaged in sinking a double
compartment shaft, being down now
about 73 r'ct. If neccs.-.ary, it is the
intention to sink 1mi feet Vr more,
although the i-onip.iny has the wiitti-n
opinion ol the eminent, geologist, lr.
Walter Harvey Weed, vhn. alter a
most caietul examination of the siv
prnpertii s of the company, expressed
the opinion that there ci.-ts a sttVmg
probability that in sinking this shaft
they will uncover ore in commercial
quantities at a depth of 300 to 700 feet.
This opinion is largely reinforced by
ihe fact that in the development ot
their tunnel, (this being 373 feet in
length), numerous stringers of native
copper, also bo'h f'.ppcr and sulphide
ore were quite frequently encountered.
At Ihe head of this tunnel where it
adjoins the Verd" Apex property, tlier"
was uncovered a . all of sulphide ore
4era"illg two feet ill ttliekllc.-s In
the .shaft that lliev arc now sinking,
the !:roiitnl is highly mineralized with
iron, which in Ihe .lenuue district, is
considered a ui(el la..ralde indication
nl the near proximity ol cupper. As
.nii as conditions warrant and the
machinery is all in place atld working
. atisl.ictiuily. it is the intention of the
company In pu-h Hie work of sinking
this o'Milile council Inient shaft bv Hie
p' i nnT
LUUI
FOUND til' OFFICERS
(Coiiuuueu From lJae out;
this city. City Mars.ial Jinunie AIM
sen has had several letters from vari
ous officers in Indiana and the state
of Washington stating that Emerson
is wanted by the nifor different of
fenses. Sheriff John W. Burns, of
Bartholomew county, Inidana, stated
in a letter to Allison yesterday that
he was confident Tmerson was the
youth who, when only fourteen years
cf age, shot an officer in Indiana. Em
erson, who is known in Indiana under
the name of Lee, is also wanted in
Franklin, Ind., for assaulting an offic
er who attempted to place him under
arrest. A third charge, that of hav
ing escaped from an officer after
thi owing pepper in his eyes, is also
hanging over Emerson's heart.
Red Pepped for "Red"
In at least two of his escapfs from
cjXficers in various parts of the coun
try, KniTson is alleged to have
ihrowiv pepper, and this alleged trait
in his character was played upon by
Hudson while the latter was a cell
male with the youth. Hudson pur
chased 0 cents worth of red pepper,
paid for by Red Gannon, and Emerson
had planned to use the pepper, it is
said, in case Gannon refused to "keel
over" when slammed with the rod
taken from the steel bed.
From start to finish the trick play
ed on Emerson worked like a charm.
the bandit evidently never suspecting
that he was doing exactly what the of
ficers wanted. The officers, too, kept
the entire affair to themselves with
the result that they now hold two men
one of whom is wanted on at least
three charges, with rewards offered
for his arrest.
Tino
mi
gqrmnmr
0 11 LU II; UK
WOMEN VALUE
ed 4's and Panama 3's advanced half
percent on call during the week.
CHICAGO GRAINS
CHICAGO. Feb. 24 Big purchases
for Europe led to a decided advance ,
in wheat values today. The outcome '
was a strong close, l'i to 2'i net i
higher with May at 1.78'h to 1.7S- i
and July at 1.51rri to 1.51&. Other i
commodities, too. scored gains- corn i
3i at i to oats 'i and provisions ,
20 to 30 cents. i
Widespread bullish sentiment re-1
suited from announcement of export
sales aggregating 1.600,000 bushels.
Beside, it was said there were inquir
ies in the market for immense addi
tional quantities. Altered views in
regard to the Lloyd-George speech
tended to lift prices.
Corn followed wheat, heaviness at
the start being displaced soon by un
mistakable strength. Oats hardened
with other grain.
Hogs at the long coveted goal of
$13 a hundred pounds made provis
ions continue to climb. It was said
hog supplies were short of daily re
quirements and signs pointed to cur
tailed receipts during March.
METALS MARKETS
XEW YORK. Feb. 24.-Bar
77 ?k. Copper, spot and nearby
nal: second quarter 33 o '.3:
quarter 31 at 31 Vs.
Winona
CURBS
Arizona ..
17
silver
Arkansas
Big Jim
Big Ledge
Butte c Loudon . .
Calumet Ai Jerome
Cornelia
Denn
Dundee
Emma
Fortuna
Gadsden
Grand Island
Green Monster
Gold Reed ..
Howe Sound
Hecla
Hull Copper
Inspiration Needles
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor ....
Magma 4S
Magma Chief
Miami Consolidated
Monster Chief . . . .
i Pittsburg Jerome .
j Ray Hercules
; Santa Rita
j Tom Reed
j I'nited Eastern . . .
i I'nited Western . . .
i Verde Extension . .
, Verde Combination
Warren 9
S2 . the wonders
2U bath, what a
24-1, j take place.
Instead of the thousands of sickly,
anaemic-looking men, women and
girls w ith pasty or muddy complex
ions; instead of the multitudes of
i "nerve wrecks." "rundowns," "brain
lugs" and pessimists we should see a
(virile, optimistic throng of rosy
i cheeked people everywhere,
j An inside bath is had by drinking,
each morning before breakfast, a
; glass of real hot water with a tea-
'- I sp'oonful of limestone phosphate in it
to wash from the stomach, liver, kid
neys and ten yards of bowels the pre
vious day's indigestible waste, sour
fermentations and poisons, thus cleans
ing, sweetening and freshening the
nnticA I I t,w.n .... ........ t K..
aiiiiicuiai y luimi Ufiuie pulling
more food into the stomach.
Those subject to sick headache, bil-
iVmsness, nasty breath, rheumatism,
j' j colds: and particularly those who have
2ja paliid. sallow complexion and who
I are canstipated very often, are urged
1 l ! to obtain a nuarter nminil of lin .v.
9
72
36
lit)
17
4
:;o ,
1U
4
a " stone pnosptsate at the drug store
14 i which will cost but atri!le but is suf
ficient to demonstrate the quick and
remarkable change in both health and
a mien rn m-o uunitimr thiwa u lm ..-,.
03 tice internal sanitation. We must re
6 j member that inside cleanliness is
more important man outside, because
the skin does not absorb impurities
to contaminate the blood, while the
60
3 i
:
3-16
"4
4'h
2.ii4
4U
2'
ns
pores in the thirty
feet of bowels do.
(Advertise ment)
(Cy L. J. Overlock)
BOSTON. Feb. 24.- Exhaustion of,
topper supplies is disturbing tonsum-i
ers who are short of taw material to I
Wolvetine Arizona
meet orders .and it would not be sur-1
Oatman
(By Collins & Brttherton)
Bid
prising should soot and near deliver- .
Argo
! u:.i
lit Hue
shifts of men for that I
Positively Relieves the
Suffering.
More Convincing Proof.
When Lvdia K. Pinkham's Vegetable:
Compound was first introduced its cur
ative powers were doubted and had to
I le proved. Hut the prnot came, anj
Cradually the use of it spread over the
whole country. Now that hundreds of
thousands of women have experienced
the most beneficial effects from its use
its value has become generally recog
nized and it js now the standard modi
cine for women's ills.
j The following letter is only one of tho
thousands on our files.
' Pennison, Texas. "I cannot feel
that I have done my duty until I tell
what Lydia K. Pin'kham's Vegetable
Compound has done for ine. I sulfered
from female troubles so I could hardly
drug around and do my work. I was,
very nervous, nnd lia l dizzy spell:-, heat
Hashes, and headaJies until life was
btir;l"n. My husband brought me a bot
tle tif Lydia K. Pinkham's Vegetable
Cotn)iound and I soon Ix-gan to improve,
i continued its use and am now fr
from all pains and aches that made liff
burden. You may use this letter in
any way you like for I want the world
to know what a grand medicine Lydi
E. I inkhain's Vegetable Compound is."
Mrs. G. O. Lowery, 911 S. Barrett
' Ave.. Pnison, Texa?.
Write th! Lydia C rink-hum M--di-
ies advance still further from the 37
cert level.
Demand is increasing for copper to !
be delivered first half of this year, j
There is nothing artificial in the cur
rent high prices for corner and is the
natural result of producers unable to
meet the demand.
PAINE. WEBBER & CO.
NEW YORK
Anaconthi
American Can 4--i
American Car 3
American Locomotive fi!t'a
American Smelter 97' i
American Sujiar 112
Atchison 102" 2
Baltimore & Ohio 76''t
Baldwin 32
Chesapeake & Ohio 60
Colorado Fuel & Iron 46
Canadian Pacific 134
Crucible S3
Distillers 23',
Erie 2SU
Goodrich ot'4
General Motors Ill1
Industrial Alcohol 130
Marine .' 23:;
Marine Pfd ft-SU
Maxwell 33
Mexican Petroleum ns ' j
Midvale 33'i
Xew York Central f-1 t
Northern Pacilic lot-"
I Ada me
Arizona Rex
Ariz. Tom Reed
Big Jim
Boundary Cone
Carter Gold
Fessenden
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff
Ivanhoe
Lucky Boy
Merry Widow
Oatman Combination ...
Sunnyside
I'elluride ,
Tom Reed
I'nited Eastern
I'nited Northern
I'nited Western
Other Curbs
.14
M
1.2S
.16
.04
.07
.04
.10
2.o
4.40
.06
.03
l1:
Ask.
.03
.23
.03
.10
.10
.13
.13
.10
.10
.20
.20
2"3
4.70
Pennsylvania
Reading
Republic Steel
Rubber
Stildebaker'
Steel
Steel Pfd
St. Paul
Southern Pacilic
Coion Pacific
I'nited Fruit
Wcstiiighousc
BOSTON
Advent m e
AUoue.
Alaska
Arizona Commercial ...
American zinc
Butte Superior
Calumet & Arizona
Calumet Hecla
Copper Range
31",
!)!'.,
--
t 4
52 Tn
101
l'7'
lis' ,
N'" i
137
P'
63
s
12"
36
16"
S2'
36"
62
Gadsden 2.33 2.30
Green Monster 1.42 1.30,
Butte London 22 .23
Dundee 1.73 2.i0
Venture Hill It .16 1
Pittsburg Jerome 73 l.oo ,
Jerome Verde 1.37 1.30
Arkansas Arizona 30 .35 I
i
Jerome Portland 32 1
Inspiration Needles 37 .30
Hull Cooper 33 .4."
Magma Chief 37 .62 :
Wolverton Arizona 1 55 i
Miami Mother Lode .... -50
Verib- Combination 75 .7 ,
.Miami Consolidated 25 30
Bisbee Copper 1 "" 1 25 I
Butte Arizona 05 ;
Ixiuisiaua Arizona ."5 :
Santa Cruz Bisbee -27 !
Jerome Daisy .73
Warren !"2 !
Naeozari Consolidated .. .42
Calumet Oil 25 .1";
SAFETY FOR AMERICANS.
COPENHAGEN. Feb. 2-. (via Lon
don, Feb. 23.) Alarge sign in a tour
ist otlice here reads:
"Safety route to America via the
Trans-Siberian Railroad: tickets for
sale here."
KNIFE ON CORNS
CAUSES LOCKJAW
Tells how to loosen a tender
'corn so it lifts out with
out Pain?
You reckless men and women who
are pestered w ith corns and who hae
at least one? a week invited an awful
death frVmi lockjaw or blood poison
are now told by a Cincinnati authority
to use a drug called freezone. which
the moment a few drops are applied
to any corn, the soreness is relioed
and soon the entire corn, root and all.
lifts out with the lingers.
It is a sticky substance which dries
the moment it is applied and is said
i simply shrivel the corn without in
flaming or een irritating , the sur
rounding tissue or skin. It 'is claimed
that a quar'T of an ounce will cost
very little at any of the drug stores,
but is suflieient to rid one's feet of
every hard or soft corn "or callus.
You are further warned that cutting
at a t orn is a suicidal ha rut.
(Advertisement)
About Constipation.
Certain articles Vl diet, tend I
.check Movement:! of the bowels. I'll"
j moc-t common of these arc cheese, tea
and boiled milk. (n the other hand
raw fruits, especially apples and ban-
'anus, also uraham bread and whole
wheat bread promote a movement of i
the bowels. When the bowels are 1
badly eonstiputed. however, the sure
way is to take Sue or two of Cham-.
, berlaiu's Tablets immediately atlr
supper.
( Advertisement)
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
AND
Oatman
Stocks
JACK BUILDING,
JIAIN ST. PHONE 26
Direct Wire Connection with
OFFICES: Jerome and All Our Offices.
Blsbea "
R. ALLYN LEWIS
Glob" COPPER QUEEN HOTEL. BISBEE.
jerome JOHN A. CAMPBELL. Manager.
pre.co BONDS, STOCKS, INVESTMENTS
Orders Executed for Cash or on Proper Margin
Phoenix
i.-. p Hutton A Co.'s Prlvato
P. O BOX 273 Lcaic Wire to All Exchange-
CORRESPONDENT
E. F. Hutton & Co.
Members New York
Stock Exchange
TELEPHONE
135
r.i3c Lo . Lynr, Llis? ,t-r trc: vj ic- SIX
THE BISEEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 25, 1917.
The Future Can Be To'd
BUT ONLY BY A TRUE SPIRIT
UALIST MEDIUM
!;-.- :
::Y. iVlfei" Start
. Right.
Your
:. - iv"i!
.J - v- - -A, -.' -VV,tA Future
tmm'zfM'-sultmg
V A':tA-rfV.4J!
Clairvoyant - Astrologer
The greatest exponent of Hindu
philosophy in America. The man
with wonderful clairvoyant power and j
the most conscientious adviser of any
in the profession. He brings you far"
to face with facts. Now is your op
portunity to consult a true, gifted
medium. He positively ' tells your
i.anie, what is best for you to do to
he successful in business, love af
fairs, what changes to make. He tells
you if the one you love is true or
false and how to govern and control
your enemies and friends in fact
how to be successful in any and all
affairs of life. Mr. Jarrill has a
world-wide reputation and has the
endorsement of the best people. Mr.
Jerrill guarantees satisfaction. Every
thing is kept confidential.
LOCATED AT LOWELL HOTEL.
GIANTS LEAVE FOR MARLIN
NEW YORK. Feb. 2.Y The first
simad of players of the New York Na
tional club li ft here today for their
training camp at Mitrlin, Texa.
Manager Met; raw decided at the
last iiioiiieni not to accompany the
suusd and leit laier to go by way of
Norfolk, where he will meet Outfield
er David Robertson, who is dissatis
fied with the contract sent hiiu by
the club.
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE
Irwin Studio, Main Street. 857
Advertisement
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Laud Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona. Feb. 19, l&lji
NOTICE is hereby given that Adolpli
('. Hinters, 'jf Hereford, Ariz., who,
on July 1. 1912, made Homestead En
try, No. 01472. for thi SWU of. Sec
tion 2d, Township 23 S., Range 22
East, CI. and S. R. Meridian, has filed
noti e of intention to make linal three
year Proof, to establish claim to the
land above described, before Jared D.
Taylor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bis
bee, Ariz, tm the 2oth day of April,
11(17.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Samuel C. Giles, of Hereford, Ariz.;
William V. Cowan, of Iiisbee, Ariz.;
Edward Wilcox, of Hereford, Ariz.;
Frank C. Cobbe, of Hereford, Ariz.
J. Lu IRVIN,
Register.
First publication Feb. 21. 1917.
East publication March 22, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the interior,
L". S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona. Feb. 19. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that
Amanda Haverty, of Garces. Ariz.,
who, on April 30, 1910, made Home
stead Entry, No. 09944, for NE',4 SEU,
Sec. 3, Tp. 23 S.. R.. 20 East G. and
S. R. Mer.. and on July 25, 1916.
made additional H. E. (725 for SVj
SW' NE'.i, N NWU SE'i. Sec
tion ::, Township 23, S., Range 20
East, G. and S. R. Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make final five
year Proof, to establish claim to the
land above desc ribed, before Jared D.
Taylor, I'. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee.
Ariz., on the 21st day of April, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James E. Kelly, .lames W. Haverty,
Richard K. Haverty, O. Teter Haverty.
all of Garces. Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication Feb. 21, 1917.
Last publication March 22. 1917.
NOTICE OF SCHOOL BOND ELEC
TION I!eau:?. in our .iudecnient, it is
deemed advisable so to do, we, the
undersie'ied Board of Trustees of
School District No. 2, County of Co
chise. State of Arizona, do hereby call
an election to be held cm Saturday,
March 24th. 1917. in a certain build
ing situated in the Civ of Iiisbee,
County of Co'-liise. State of Arizona,
within said School District, known as
th" Central School Building, for tin
purpose of s'!b'"ittine to the oualifieil
voters at said Election, whether th"
bonds of said School District shall be
issued and sold to raise money for
the following purposes:
1. For the purpose of const mct
ine. equipping and furnishing a school
building to be located upon a site to
be selected by said Trustees within
thp town of Warren in aid District,
and ipro-ing t crn-nds thereof.
2. For the nut-pore of constructing.
eo.mnr.irz and furnishing a school
buildinc to be located upon a site to
he selected by Faid Trustees in I'pper
Tombstone Canyon in said District,
and improving the grounds thereof.
:;. For the purpose of unking Od
er necessary repairs or addition to
the school biiiMinus ol said Oisirici,
as t he Board of Trustees inav di-e n
advi- able
4 For (he purpose of ptirchaflns
and improit.g additional ground:: for
the school:: ot said Itisliicl. or any of
i hem, as (he Hoard of Trustees may
deem advisable.
The fimotint of said bonds shall be
One Hundred Thousand Dollars $1mi.
uno.iiiii in the aggregate and slifill con
sist of One Hundred (l'ii bonds of
the diiio-nln.il ion of One Tl'ousM.d
I'.ollars (Jl.oodi each and shall be
numbered from one to one hundred
inclusive and shall bear Interest fiom
their date at the rate of Five per cen
tum per annum, payable semi-annually
in gold coin of the I'nited States
of American, payable and maturing
as follows:
Numbers 1 to 10 inclusive, payable
and maturing in the year 19:'.i.
Numbers 11 to no inclusive, payable
and maturing in the year 1921.
Numbers ?, to ."0 imlorive. payable
and maturing in the year 1932.
Numbers .".1 to 70 inclusive, payable
and maturing in the year 19::.
Numbers 71 to 90 inclusive, payable
and maturing in the year 1921.
Numbers 91 to 100 inclusive, paya
ble and maturing in the year 1935.
John S. Williams, J. G. Trite-hard
and O. R. Johnson are hereby nomi
nated and appointed by the under
signed as Judges for the purpose of
conducting said election and the elec
tion polls will be open between the
hours of 10 o'clock a. m. and 6 o'clock
p. in. of the day upon which said elec
tion will be held.
Instructions to voters will be pour
ed according to law.
Dated at Bisbee. Arizona, this 23rd
dav of February. 1917.
JOHN M. ROSS,
President.
C. H. HFNT.
Member.
c. a. Mcdonald.
Secretary.
Comprising the Board of Trustees
of School District No. 2. County of
Cochise, State of Arizona.
Ordinance No. 213.
AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE
INSTALLATION OF GAS IN
THE CITY OF
BISBEE.
SECTION 1. It shall be unlawful
for any person, firm or corporation to
install any gas pipe or gas fittings, or
to repair or tJ make any alterations
in, or addition to any gas pipe or gas
fitting installed in any building, or
to do any gas fitting work without
first obtaining a permit from the gas
inspector.
SECTION 2. For the purpose of
this ordinance the Common Council
may require the City Electrician to
perform the duties of Gas Inspector,
in which case no extra compensation
shall be allowed or paid said City
Electrician lor any inspection or, serv
ice lie may perform under the terms
thereof.
SECTION 3. RULES AND REGU
LATIONS. The following rules and
regulations are hereby prescribed for
the construction, installation, repair
and alteration of gas fitting work in
the City of Hisbee and all such work
shall be done in conformity there
with before the gas inspec tor shall
grant a certificate of inspection there
fore as herein provided; and it shall
be unlawlul for any person, firm 'or
corporation to do any gas fitting work
in such a manner that the same shall
not conform to all of said rules and
( regulations and to all the provisions
oi mis ordinance.
Size of Gas Pipe.
(A). The size r the gas pipe used
shall vary with the length of the pipe
and the required appliance or appli
ances served thereby in conformity
with the following table:
Estimated Service Capacities of Gas
Pipes of Different Lengths
and Diameters:
(Figures indicate cubic feet per hour).
Diam. of Length in feet
Pipe 3 6 9 12 15
?k 20 20 20 20 ,20
40 40 40 40 40
ai 100 100 100 100 95
1 200 200 200 195 190
l',i 400 400 280 370 360
116 500 490 4S5 480 473
Ft. 18 24 30 40 r.o
a 18 15
no 20 is
s4 90 85 SO 75 70
1 185 ISO 175 165 160
Hi 35 320 SOU 2S0 2ti0
1 470 460 450 440 430
Ft. 60 70 80 100 125
65 0
1 150 140 130 100
l'i 240 230 220 2O0 175
Vi 400 360 320 300 250
The above table represents estimat
ed capacities for gas pipes of different
lenghts and diameters. Not less than
" pipe shall be used to supply out
lets for kitchen oven ranges, or for
other fuel appliances requiring more
than 48 cubic feet of gas per hour. In
no case shall the pipe supplying an
outlet be smaller than the connection
of the appliance.
(B). Drops, Drips and Outlets.
In all concealed work. "l-ops and
drins shall either be bent or securely
fastened by a strap soldered to the pipe
No center light or drop shall be used
of smaller diameter than Where
drips are necessary, the end nf the
drip must be exposed and easy of ac
cess. Gratp outlets and fireplace out
lets must not be less than two inches
from bottom of tire-place. Drop pipes
and bracket outlets shall not project
through the ceiling or wall lines more
than one inch.
(C). Grades, Leaks, Etc.
All pipe shall be well secured and
grade toward meter where t..ssib!e,
otherwise drip pines shall be used.
AH risers more than six feet long
must have "TEES" .on the bottom.
There must be no traps or depres
sions in the pipes where condensation
would remain. Pipes must not be
Hied with water to determine leak.
Gas fitters cement, sealing war, or
other similar material '-hall not be
nspd to ston leaks. Unfrin ioints
I shall not be used in connceated work,
(but runninc thread connections or
right and left threads may he used.
(D). Meter and Pilot Tags.
Iu all buildings having more than
one (1) meter, the pipes must be
l:ig"ed or numbered to designate the
room or apartment lor which they are
intended. All pipt-s supplying ?js t"
appliances having a pilot burner must
be tagged at the shut Off ick with
the wold "PILOT".
(E). Cas Pipe Exposed.
Gas pipe for any purpose must not
be run beneath the Moor joist, except
where same is exposed. All gas pipe
laid in cement must be tar coated. A
stop-cock ea-y of access must be pro-
icled at each meter.
(F). Extensions.
In all cases where extensions are
to be made, each such extension shall
be taken from a p'oint in the old line,
where the rule of sizes can be main
tained, and in no case shall the ex
tension be made from a pipe smaller
ihan such extension.
SECTION 4. GAS TIPE TEST. All
gas pipe and fittings must be tested
under an air pressure of not less than
ten (lo) pounds to the square inch,
and all pipings and fittings shall hold
said pressure not less, than fifteen
(15) minutes without leaking; gas
fixtures must not be hung before test
is made. The test must be made
after all the piping authorized in the
permit has been installed, and before
such piping has been c overed or con
cealed. On all concealed gas piping
the gas inspector shall make a final
test after the pipes have been con
cealed or covered.
AH inspections shall be made by the
tas inspector within twenty-four
hours after notice is given. All tools,
labor and assistance necessary for
making inspection and test, must be
furnished by the person, firm or cor
piration having control of such work
to be tested.
SECTION 5. ORDERING REPAIRS.
When upon examination by the gas
inspector it appears that any gas
fitting work is defective, either in con
struction or material, the same shall
be altered or repaired to conform with
the regulations set forth in this
ordinance.
SECTION 6. FINAL CERTIFICATE.
When any gas fittings or gas piping
lor the installation or alteration 01
which a permit has been issued, shall
be found on inspection to conform
with the provisions of this ordinance,
the gas inspector shall issue a certi
ficate of inspection, certifying that
such piping has been inspected "nd
found to conform to the provisions
hereof.
SECTION 7. FN LAWFUL USE. It
shall be unlawful for any person, firm
or corporation to use gas through any
pipe in any building, or to furnish or
supply gas through any piping that
has not been inspected and appi'oved
bv the gas inspector.
SECTION S. CONDEMNATION.
The gas inspector shall cause the sup
ply of gas to be shut off. when any
part of the gas pipe or fittings in or
about any building in the City of
Bisbee is found to be in a condition
dangerous to life or property. The
gas inspector shall notify the tinner,
tenant or occupant of such building
in which gas pipes are located to have
the defects repaired, and to refrain
from using such defective pipes until
same has been repaired and rendered
safe.
SECTION 9. FEES OF GAS IN
SPECTOR. A fee of one ($1) dollar
shall be paid the city of Bisbee for
all gas tests up to four (4) openings,
and twenty-five (25c) cents for every
additional opening up to ten (10), and
fifteen (15c) cents for each and every
opening until the said fee has reached
a maximum of five ($5.00) dollars.
Should any gas piping leak or not
conform to this ordinance, and the
gas inspector be required to return, an
additional fee of fifty (50c) cents may
be charged for each time he is re
quired to return.
SECTION 10. PENALTY. Any
person, firm or corporation failing,
neglecting, omitting or refusing to
comply with any of the terms, condi
tions or provisions of this ordinance
shall be deemed guilty of a mis
demeanor, and upon conviction shall
be fined in any sum not less 'than
live ($r,.0n) dollars and not more than
one hundred ($100 00) dollars, or shall
be im prisoner in the City Jail for not
less than five (5) days nor more than
thirty (30) days, or shall be punished
by both such fine and imprisonment:
and each and every day that such
failure, neglect, omission or refusal to
comply with the terms or this ordin
ance shall continue shall be deemed
a separate offense and subject the
party so offending to a like punish
ment. It shall be deemed an offense to
maintain on one's premises any gas
piping or gas fixtures that is not in
compliance with the provisions of this
ordinance, and any person maintain
ing any such defective piping or fix
tures on his premises shall be fined
as herein provided.
SECTION 11. Nothing herein con
tained shall be construed to repeal
any plumbing ordinance of the City
of Bisbee, but all ordinances or parts
of ordinances in direct conflict here
with are hereby repealed.
Passed and adopted by the Mayor
and Common Council this 20th day of
February, 1917.
Approved this 20th day of February,
1917.
I. C. E. ADAMS.
Attest: Mayor.
M. L. BUTLKR.
City Clerk.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona. Feb. 19. 1917.
NOTICE is herebv given that Daniel
McUowan. of Hereford. Ariz., who, on
January 6. 1913, made Homestead En
try. No. 020673. for the WV4 SWU.
section 5. and the E'i SE'i. Section
6. Township 24 S.. Range 22 East. O.
and S. R. Meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make linal three year
Proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor, lr. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Ari.. on the 12th day of April. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William Rvan. of Heretord, Ariz.:
Richard Todd, of Hereford. Ariz.; Dflv
fm L. Graham, of Hereford. Ari.; Her
bert E. Cooper, of Bisbee, Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication Feb. 21. 1917.
Last publication March 22, 1917.
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Land Ofilee at Phoenix, Ari
zona. Feb. 19. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that John
F. Ashworth. of Garces, Ariz who on
ueeemncr n, mi-, uiaur uuimsu-uii
Entry. No. 023970, for Lots 1, 2. and
S& NEVi, section C. Tp. 22 S., R. 21
East G. and S. R. Mer., and on May
28, 1914. made Additional Hd. Entry,
No. 025191 ftr the SEVi of Sec
tion 6. Township 23 S., Range
21 East, G. and S. R. Meridian,
has filed notice of Intention tD make
final three year Proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor. V. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee, Ari7... on the 19th
day of April. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Carl N. Carlson, of Hereford. Ariz.;
George H. Allwood. tf Hereford. Ariz.:
Roy A. Newman, or Garces. Ariz.;
Caleb A. Newman, or Hereford. Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication Feb. 21. 1917.
Last publication March 22, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, '.eluding area in conflict with Green
zona. Feb. 19. 1917. ) Lear No. 1, of 0.970 acres; and with
NOTICE is hereby given that Homer j Survey No. 3174, William Penn lode,
R. Fike, of Naco, Ariz., who, on May 0f 0.O8O acres.
4, 1912. made H. E. 01449 for W'M "TRILBY". Beginning at corner No.
NEVi. XW SE'i. and SEVi NW'i. il, the S. E. Comer, whence the X. W.
section 1. Tp. 24 S.. R. 22 East G. i Corner or Section 30, T. 22-S. R. 25-E.,
and S. R. Mer., and on May 19, 1915. ;g. & S. R. B. & M. bears N. 4" 6' E.
made additional homestead entry N.J.j 505.7 feet; thence N. 59" 01' W. 600
027446 for NV6 NWVi and SW NWU. .feet to corner No. 2; thence N. 24 20'
and NWU SWU. Sectron 1. Township jK. 1500 feet to corner No. 3; thence
j 24 S, Range 22 East. G. and S. R.,'s. 59 01' E. 600 feet to corner No.
.Meridian, nas nieu nuucr ui imniuuu
to make final five year Proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, V. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Ariz., on tnc
19th dav of April, 1917. j
Claimant names a witnesses: "MINERAL FARM NO. 2" Begin
John H Hughes. Jacob C. Baker, i ning at corner No. 1. the N. W. Cor-
Joel H. Allen. William A. White, all ner, whence the N. V. corner or Scc-
'of Hereford. Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication Feb. 21. 1917.
Last publication M trch 22. 1917.
Anli, ,.r.rtM pr.p'4: thence N. 25 3230" E. 446.70
NOTICE OF "'LIGATION FOR- to cormr No 5; tneme N 2g0
U. S. PATENT. 26' E. 97.70 feet to corner No. 1. the
TT v- -io'b I place of beginning, containing a net
Serial No. 031346.
Feb. 10. 1917.
In the United States Land Office.
p. " V'eA .
Notice fs hereby given that Baptist
.;.r' , . undivided one -
vci-iii. -
an unriiviripri one-nuarter interest and
Point, a 7ioQemer owner of an un-
divided one-quarter interest, whose
o.m ..a are Bisbee. Art -
' zona, have made application for patent No. 1. the place of beginning, con
ifor the foil-owing named lode miniPg I taming a net area of 14.9,4 acres
I claims, situated In the Warren Min-; expressly excluding area in conilict
ing District, Cochise County. Arizona, i with Survey No. 24a, Burro Shoe
I in Section 19 and 30, Townsh'p 23-S.; lode of L40a u 'res. and with Green
Range 25-E, and unsurveyed. Sections j Lea L f -0o acres.
,24 and 25. Township 23-S.. Range 24-E. I "MIDWAY NO. 2." Beginning at
G. & S. R. B. & M., described a fol-1 corner Xo. 1, the X. W. corner, whence
lows, to-wit: Ithe V. U Comer or Section 19, T.
I "BELLE MONTE" Begining at cor-j 23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. & M.
iner No. 1, the X. E. Corner, whence I Bears S. 74 29' V. 924.6 feet; thence
! the W. U Comer or Section 19, T. 23-S. j S. 59 01' E. 662.00 feet to corner Xo.
!r. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears N. 1 2 ; thence S. 5" 44' W. 1500 feet to
159 48' E. 1968.9 feet; thence S. 29" j corner Xo. 3; thence X. 59 01' W.
1 48' W, 70.70 feet to torner Xo. 2: 662.00 feet to corner Xo. 4; thence
I thence' X. 72' 05' W, 1524.80 feet tojx. 5 44' E. 1500 feet to corner Xo.
! corner No. 3; thence N. 29' 48' E, j 1, the place tr beginning, containing
i 538 40 feet to comer Xo. 4; thence S.ja net area or 20.618 acres.
;54 19' E, 1500 feet to corner Xo. l.j "CASH EXTRY XO. 2". Beginning
ithe place or beginning, containing a j at corner Xo. 1. the X. W. Corner,
jnet area or 6.763 acres, e-pressly ex-1 whence the W. Vi Corner or Section
! eluding area in conflict with Survey j 19. T. 23-S. R. 25-E.. C. & S. R. B. & M.
No. 2390. High Flyer lode, or 3.669
acres
"GREEN LEAF XO. 2" Beginning
t -nrnor Vn 1 the N. E. Corner.
'whence the W. U Comer or Section ,01' W. 662.00 feet tA corner Xo. 4:
1 19. T. 23-S. R, 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M.. thence X. 5 44' E. 1500 feet to corner
.bear3 X. 30 38' E. 279.4 feet; thence 'Xo. 1, the place of beginning, contain
' South, 603.40 feet to corner No. 2: in a net area of 20.618 acres.
thence X. 83" 46' W. 1500 feet to cor -
ner No. 3: thence North. 603.40 feet
I to comer No. 4; thence S. 83 46' E.
1500 feet to corner Xo. 1, the place
tr beginning, containing a net area orjM., bears S. 26' 16' W. 1042.3 feet;
18.267 acres, expressly excluding area j thence Xorth 685.10 feet to corner
in conflict with Survey Xo. 2256 Osce-;N0. 2; thence S. 59' 01' E. 1500 feet
ola lode, or 0.448 acres, and with Sur-jto corner No. 3; thence STbuth, 685.10
vey No. 3180 O OM Paul lode, or 1.272 feet to comer No. 4; thence X. 59
acres, and with Green Leaf Xo. 3, of 1 01' W. 1500 feet to corner No. 1. the
0.668 acres. I place or beginning, coutaining a net
"MARCONI" Beginning at Comer
Xo. 1, the X. E. corner, w-hence the
W U Corner or Section 19, T. 23-S.
I R. 25-E, G. & S. R. B. & M. bears X.
9 35' E. 855.7 feet: thence south.
555.90 feet to ctrner No. 2: thence N.
72" 47' W. 359.80 feet to comer No. 3;
thence X. 65" 59' W. 771.50 feet to
'corner No. 4; thence North, 250 feet
jto corner No. 5: thence S. 83 46' K.
j 1054.70 feet to corner No. 1, the place
1 of beginning, containing a net area
r f ? ?A1 DnruO Qvnraaulv ovrlllft in e
area in conflict with Green Leaf No.
i 3. tr 2.022 acres, and Bar Bullion, or
0.353 acres. j
I "GREEN LEAF NO. 3" Beginning i
'at corner Xo. 1. the S. E. Comer, j
i whence the X. W. Corner of Section
30. T. 23-S. R. 25-E. O. S. R. B. & M. I
! bears S. 41 02' E. 1118.8 feet; thence
,Xo. 51 20' V. 1279 00 feet to corner!
No. 2: thence N. 29" 48' E. 600 feet '
'to comer Xo. 3: thence S. 51" 20' E. ,
11279.00 feet to corner Xo. 4; thence
IS. 29 48' W. 600 feet to comer No. I
1, the place or beginning, containing
in net area or 12.158 acres, expressly
'excluding are in conflict with Sur-
vey No. 3173. Morning Star lode, of
0.427 arres, with Bar Bullion, of 0.401
I acres, and with Mineral Farm No. l.j
lr iiin i.ru
"MINERAL FARM NO. 1." Begin-:
ning at corner No. 1, the N. E. Corner. I
whence the X. W. Corner of Section
iSfl, T. 23-S. R. 25-E.. G. S. R. R. & M. ;
.bears S. 46" 1G' E. 762 2 feet; thence
,S. 26 26' W. 719.00 feet to corner
I No. 2: thence N. 20 (; V. 14S2. fin
fect Co corner No. 2; thence N. 26
26' E. 719.00 feet to corner No. 4;
: thence S. 20" 06' E. 14S2XO feet to,
corner No. 1, the place of beginning.
containing a npl art.a of ir, -sa a,Tes.
expressly excluding area In conflict
with Bar Bullion, of 4.624 acres.
"GREEN LEAF NO. 1." Beginnins
at corner No. 1, the N. W. Coiner,
whence the W. Vi corner of Section !
19. T. 22-S. R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M.
bears No. 30" 28' E. 279.4 feet; thence i
S. 83 46' E. 603.40 feet to corner!
No. 2; thence South, 1454.00 feet to'
corner No. 3; thence N. 83 46' W.
603.40 feet to corner No. 4; thence
North 1454.00 feet to corner No. 1. the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 20.022 acres.
"BAR BULLION". Beginning at cor
ner No. 1. the S. E. corner, whence
the S. W. Corner "of Section 19. T.
23-S. R. 25-F... G. & S. R. B. & M.
bears N. 70" 26' E. 584.3 feet; thence
N 59 01' W. 600 feet to corner No.
2; thence N. 24 20' E. 1500 feet to
comer No. 3; thence S. 59 0T E.
600 feet to corner No. 4; there S.
24 20' W. 1500 feet to corner No. 1,
the place of beginning, containing a
'net area of 19.472 acres, expressly ex-
1; inence s. u v . iuimj leei 10
'corner No. 1, the place of beginning.
containing a net area of 19.463 acres.
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Green Lear No. 1, or 1.059 acres.
tion 30. T. 23-S. R. 25-E., G. & S. R P.
& M.'bears N. 87 f8' E. 827.8 feet;
i thence S. 59" 01' E. 1500 feet t ctor
;ner No. 2; thence S. 25 32' 30" W.
296.00 feet to corner No. 3; thence N.
168 31' WT. 1498.50 feet to corner No.
area of 14.419 acres.
"MIDWAY NO. 1". Beginnin at cor-
ner N. 1. tne w corner, wnence
I the W. corner of Section IS. T.
; 23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. & M. bean.
! 3- 29' 26' W. 670.9 feet; thence S.
, , ... rn 1 - x-
i corner So. 3
thence K. 59" 1' W.
; 654.50 feet to corner Xo. 4;
: 5 44' E., loOO feet
thenre X.
to corner
Dears in. bo zo' w. nbi. teei;
thence S. 59' 01' E. 662.00 feet to
1 corner Xo. 2; thence S. 5' 44' W. 1500
! feet to corner Xo. 3; thence X. 59c
i "CASH EXTRY XO. 1." Beginning
at corner No. 1. the S. W. Comer,
whence the S. W. Corner or Section
1 19, t. 23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. &
area or 20.226 acres.
j The location notices or these claims
are recorded in the office of the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
las follows:
Bar Bullion, Recorded in Book 62.
Record of Mines, page 131.
' Belle Monte, Recorded in Bdbk 52.
Record or Mines, page 137.
i Cash Entry No. 1, Recorded in Book
I 52, Record of Mines, page 139.
j Cash Entry No. 2., Recorded in Bobk
'. rtf T i ti .1 .. ,i )U
! Green Leaf No. 1, Recorded in Book
52. Record of Mines, page 132.
Green Lear No. 2. Recorded In Book
52. Record or Mines, page 133.
Green Lear No. 3, Recorded in Btiok
52, Record or Mines, page 1:4-4.
Trilby. Recorded in Book 52, Reu-
ord or Mines, page 130.
Mineral Farm No. 1. Recorded in
Book 52, Record or Mines, page 128.
Mineral Farm Xo. 2. Recorded in
Hook 52, Record of Mines, page 129
Midway No. 1. Recorded in Book
52. Record or Mines, page 135.
Midway Xo. 2. Recorded in Book
52, Record of Mines, page 136.
Marconi. Recorded in Book 52. Rec-
ord f Mines, page 1-8.
The names of the adjoining claims
of this survey are: On the North:
Survey No. S1S0. O OM Paul lode.
Survey No. 2256. Osceola lode. Survey
No. 2455, Jack Robinson lode and Burro
Shoe lode, unsurveyed claims. cl.tir.i:i
and claimants unknown.
On the East: Unsurveyed claim t,
claims and claimants unknown. Llt-
tie Dandy and Garibaldi pile, nn--ur-
veyed.
On the South: Victor, unr-.urveyed.
Survey No. 31.1. William Perm lode.
Survey No. 2028. Crovcr lod
Snrvev
No. 3173, Morning Star lode. Survey
1 No. 22SO Omega lode.
1 On Hie West: Survey No. 2390. High
Flyer lode and P t House lode.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication Feb. 13, 1917.
Last publication April 26, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix.
Arizona, Feb. 10. 1917.
Notice is hereby given that W. Jac
ob McAllister, of Buena. Arizona, who,
on Feb. 4. 1913, made Homestead En
try No. 021106, for SE'.'i, Section 6.
Township 22S.. Ranse 21E.. G. & S. R.
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
lo make Three Year Final Proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
secribed. before Jared D. Taylor. T
S. Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona,
on the 29th day of March. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Ed. Bryan, Cassius R. Knoles. Paul
II. Knoles, Oliver Fry, all of Buena,
Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication Feb. 13. 1917.
Last Publication March 29, 1917.
IN THE UNITED STATES LAND
OFFICE.
Thoenix. Arizona. Feb. 10. 1917.
Notice of Apolication for Patent Sur
vey No. 1898. Serial No. 031241.
Notice is hereby given that Copper
Queen Consolidated Mining Company,
a corporation organized under the
laws of the State of New York, and
lawfully engaged in the transaction
of its corporate business in the State
of Arizona, by G. H. Dowell. its Cen
eral Manager and Attorney in Fart,
whose post office address is Douglns.
Cochise County, Arizona, has made
apnlication for patent for the "Hava
na" lode, situate in Warren Mining
District. Cochise County. S'ate of Ari
zona, and is more fully described as
to metes and bounds by the official
nlat herewith posted, and bv the field
notes of survey thereof, filed in the
office of the Register or the United
Sates Land Office, at Phoenix. Arizo
na, which field notes of survey de
anrihe the boundaries and exfent of
said claini on the surface, with mag
netic variation or 12 .10' East as fol
lows: "Havana" Lode
g at Cor. No. 1. whence V.
S M. M. No. 1. Warron Mininc Dis
trict bears S S! 11' E. 2373 3 feet;
thence X. 7S 12' W. 254 4 feet to
Cor No 2: eric S in T' TV
; 4 feet to Cor Xo 2: tl.ence S. 7S
12' F. 21 1 feet to Cor No 4: tcne
X. O 56' W. 245 4 feet to Cor Xo. 3:
thence X. S4 34' E 43 S feet to Cor.
No. 1. the plae of beginning, exclud
ing, however, from said described
na the area of 057 acres ir con
flict with "Webster" lode. Survey
1S7.
The net area of said "Havana" lode,
for which patent is nnnlied. exclusive
of area in conflict with "Webster"
lode. Survey 13S7 is 1.313 acres.
The adioining and conflicting claims
are the "Molvina" lode. Survey No.
959: "Conner King" lode. Survey Xo.
375: "Webster" lode. Survey No.
13S7: and "Al Hassen" lode. Survey
Xo. 13S7.
Any and all persons claiming ad
versely the mining ground, vein. lode,
premises, or any portion thereof,
so described, surveyed, platted and
applied for. are hereby notified that
unless their adverse claims are duly
filed, according to law and the regu
lations thereunder, within the time
prescribed by law. with the Register
of the United States I-and Office, at
Phoenix. Maricopa County. Arizona,
they will be bjprn-d by virtue or the
provisions of said statute.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register of the I'nited States
Land Office. Phoenix. Arizona.
First Publication Feb. 13. 1917.
Last Publication April 24. 1917.
IN THE UNITED STATES LAND
OFFICE
Phoenix. Arizona. Feb. 10. 1917
Notice of Application for Patent. Sur
vey No. 1920. Serial No. 031242.
Notice is hereby given thnt the Cop
per Queen Consolidated Mining Com
pany, a corporation organized under
the laws or the State or Xew York,
and lawfully engaged in the transact
ion of its corporate business in the
State or Arizona, by G. H. IViwell. its
General Manager, and Attorney in
Fact, whose post office address is
Douglas. Cochise County, Arizona,
has made apnlication for patent for
the "Midget" lode, situate in Warren
Mining District. Cochise County.
State of Arizona, and is more fully
described as to metes anil bounds by
the official plat herewith posted, and
bv the field notes of purvey thereof,
filed In the office of the Register of
'he I'nited States Land Office, at
'hoenix. Arizona, wl i'h fi.'Id notes
of survey describe the boundaries and
extent of said claim on the sunace.
with magnetic variation of 12" 30"
East ns follows:
"Midget" Lode
Beginning at Cor. No 1. whence U.
S M. M No. 4. Warren M'tting Dis
trict bears S. 7S' 06' K. 4 H'.J.S feet;
thence N. 34 36' W. 74.5 feet to Cor.
No. 2: thence S. SO 51' W. 37 .1 feet
to Cor. Xo. 3; thence S. 34 36' E.
SS 53 feet to Cor. No. 4; thence X.
?$ K. 2!1.2r. reef The place of be
ginning, excluding, however, from
said described area (2 acres in
conflict with "Mfccomb" lode. Survey
No. 1SDC; al-o C.4"4 acres iu conflict
with "Goldwi Gat-" li.d.-. Su.rt.ey No.
S43.
The net area c.f raid "MidgM" lode,
for which patent Is applied, exclusive
or sr.id areas in conflict is 0.226 acres.
The pj join'ng tind ronflirting claims
iro tne - ncncricKs, survey .no.
"Copper Globe." Survey No. 1346;
"Golden Gate." Survey No. 843;
"Macomb." Survey No. lS!t6; "Bark
Rone." Survey No. 17; and "Twi
light." Survey No. 1 r.S7.
Any and all person?: claiming ad
versely the mining ground, vt-in. lod
premises, or any portion thereof, so
described, purveyed, platted nn.d ap
plied for. are hereby notified that nn
'ess their adverse claims are duly
filed, according to law and the reetila
tions thereunder, within the time pre
scribed by law, with the Register of
the, I'nited States Land Office, at
Phoenix. Maricopa County. Arizona,
tiier will be barred by virtue of the
provisions of said statute.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register of the United States
Land Office. Phoenix. Arizona.
First Publication Feb. l::. 1917.
Last Publication April 24. 1917.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
In the County of Cochise,
State of Arizona
In the Matter r.r the Estate and
Guardianship or Ellen Cunningham.
Mary I. Cunningham. Florenre Cun
ningham. M. J. Cunningham. Jr., Fran
cis Cunningham and William Cun
ningham. Minors.
Order to Show Cause Why Or
der or Sale or Real Estate Should
Mt be Made?
IT APPEARING TO THIS COrRT.
bv the petition this dav presented and
filed by M J. Cunningham. Guardian
of the persons and estates of the
j above named minors that it is Tor the
j best interests or the estates of the
above named minors to sell the whole
of the real estate of said minors, in
! order that the proceeds thereof mar
be invested in some productive stocTt
j or nut out nt Interest.
I IT IS THFRFFORE ORDER FT) BY
i THIS COURT: That all person In
; terested in the estate of said minor
annear before the said Superior Court
'on Saturday, the 10th dav of Varrh.
: A. T. 1917. at the hour of 10:0O oYlticTs
I a. m.. of said day. at the court room
I of said Court at the court bouse In
the citv of Tombstone. Cochise Coun
i tv. State of Arirona. ro show ranse
whv an order should not Be granted
ifo said petitioner, to sell so much ef
I the said real estate as sha'l be neces-
arv and that a ronv of this order be
I rmhlished four successive weeks in the
; Bisbee Daily Review, a newspaner
nrintid and published in the said
I' County of Cochise.
Dated Kphntnrv 3rd. 1U7
! ATFprnc T.ocKwoon.
.Tndire of the Superior Cot?r
First publication Feb. 8. 1917
NOTir FOP PMBt.lCATION
Den-rt-"ent of fh n'rr:r
r s 1 wn owc-e at Phoenix.
S'i'onn. t-Vh 10 l!17
Vtlp ii Krr-hv ...vnri t-if Rov
Vvp of Tfrofort. .ri-7rtTin who on
if-!! "Ill 101 trioflo M'imeef od Fn
No 0'T-.4 for K: Section 12.
To-.-,iliin ?.!-?. R-nee 21 E.. G. & S.
R Meridian Tnn fild notice of inten
tion to make Three Year Final Proof,
to establish claim to the l"nd above
rfnserihed. before Jarod D Tavlor. l
q Commissioner, at Bishee. Arizona.
n h '"th jty of Varch. 1917.
CliimaTlt name a witnesses;
"ir Riwrnw, Sherman J. Reals. John
finHlav. and C.enree W. Longley. all
of Hereford. Arizona.
J. L. 1RVIV Recister.'
t?irf Puh'lrntion Feb. 13. 1917.
l ast Publication March 1"). 1917.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE
STATE OF ARIZONA. IN
AND FOR THE COUN
TY OF COCHISE.
In the Matter of the Cnardianshfp
of the Estate or George Edsar Haw
kins, a Minor.
Order to show cause why order
of sale of real estate should not
be made.
IT APPEARING TO THIS COURT,
bv the petition this day presented and
filed bv R. A. Bretherfon. Guardian of
the Terson and Estate r George
Edgar Hawkins, a minor, that it is
necessary to sell the whole or the real
estate of said minor, for the reason
that Tne has no other property, real or
personal, and thnt the property yields
no income whatever and said mirrtr
has no income from anv other source:
And that it is necessary o sell the
said minor's undivided thirteen-fort
eights (13 4s) interest in and to the
"Little Casino" Lode Mining Claim,
situated in the Warren ' Mining Dis
trict. Cochise Countv. Arizona.
IT IS THFRVFORF ORPVUFTI ny
THIS COURT: That alt persons inter
ested in the estate of said Minn- ap
pear before the said Superior Court
on Saturday the loth day or March.
A. D. 117. at the hour or 10 o'clock
A. M.. of sain day. at the Court room
of said Court at the Court house in
the City of Tombstone. Cochise County
5ate of Arizona, to show cause whv
in order should not be granted to the
said petitioner to sell so much of the
Si'd real estate as shall be necessary
and that a ropy of this Order be pub
lished four siiceessi wtiks in the
Bisbee Daily Review, a newspaper
printed and published iu the sail
Cnut.ty of Cochise.
Dated February 3rd. 1917.
ALFRED C. LOCKWOOD.
Judge of the Superior Court.
First publication Feb. 8, 1917. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 25, 1917.
SEVEN
V
A.
1
A
i
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under tteJ iead
sua with a minimum char of 25
pvtpw office not lter than 4 p. m.
Wanted
WANTED A dishwasher at Stag
C1UD. 32
-
Would buv malachite and azurite. Box
20S' Bisbee.
649
WANTED Chambermaid at Stag
C!::b. " V50
WANTED Gentleman to take room
for rent. 71A Brewery Avenue. 8S
WANTED Finlander to do general
work. Inquire Harney Building.
655
WANTED A woman for general
housework. Apply Mrs. Rodger 1'. I
relton, 21 Quality Hill. 71
WANTED Sign writers who don't
set the lead colic 5 days a week.
Guarantee Paint Co. 15
Wanted Elderly man to work on
ranch for his keep and some wages.
Box 2420. 161
'WANTED Girl for housework in pri
vate home. Apply at Mrs. Fred
McQueen, two blocks east of C. &
A. office. Warren. 90
WANTTD A competent middle aged
woman to take charge of house,
must be able to read. Apply Mrs.
E. Burdick, 41 J. E. T. St., Johnson
Addition. S9
WANTED A block of Warren stock
$11 transaction can be made
through Bank of Bisbee. Address
Box 700. Warren. 149
pesif'orts Wanted
W'ANTED Position. Young married
i'an wants position as salesman in
furnishings or shoe store, t, years
experience. Good references. Can
: write sizns and trim windows. A.
L. K., Review. - 75
Business Chances.
BUY AMALGAMATED OIL one cent
a share; 10'l percer.t dividends in
90, days possible: production now
coming in. ground f.oor stock, one
cett a share, doubles price shortly,
$1 par value. $10 buys 1000 shares.
Write for lull details. Amalaa mat
ed Oil Co.. 1122 Colcord Bids., Ok
lahoma City, Okla. 104
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Furnished
torn House.
C't's
138 FOR RENT 2 light housekeeping
rooms, 163 Opera Drive. 133
FOR RENT Room for single man
mar Eagles Theatre. W. Muir. 103
FOR RENT One
keeping room, 85
furnished house
Main Street. 54
FOR RENT Two housekeepini
rooms, 49 O. K. Street 69
FOR R'iNT Rooms furnished for
batching. Custom House. 73
FOR RENT Cabin suitable for two
104 Youngblood Hill. Mrs. Lanoy.
CI
FOR RENT Furnished housekeeping
rooi's block north high school, 1S9
Teniby Avenue. 157
FOR RENT One newly furnished
front room. No. 16 Johnron Ave.,
Johnson Addition. 108
FOR RENT Batching room, fur
nished. 14 Tate Hill, Johnson Add.
153
FOR RENT Two room cement house
furniture for ale. Inquire at 39 O.
K. St. Saturday and Sunday from
10 to 4. 97
FOR RENT Three rooms furnished
for housekeeping. Johnson Addition
Montana Street. No. 3, next street
above NuVf
road in
-
front of sodn
6H
works.
FOR RENT Furnished locm with
housekeeping privileges if desired
123 Quarry Canyon after 1 p. m
152
WANTED First class painters and
paper hangers. 23c to 50c a day ov
er the wages to good men. Near
painters and pt and brush bosses
stay awav. Guarantee Paint Co.
159
FETEY DINK He Pulled Another Social Error
TViii lb SomeV-
fVSV4iW6 CET
HERE VT FALM
GOLLS.
1 I Hooked a
VfMoPPEH..
at the raCe of 1 cent per word for each
cents. Advertise-ients mrst reach Tot
for Insertion In the nett morning paper
LOST
LOST California gold gentleman's
I ring in front of Dispensary. Return
I to Martin Stevens, 109A Castle
Rock. 52
For Sale.
FOR SALE Fresh milch cow. Ap
ply E. A. Tovrea & Co., Bisbee. Ill
- I
k SAUt urocery store at Men
stop. Address C. Reiffel, proprietor
FOR SALE Ford touring car with
extras cheap for cash. Mason black
smith shop. Lowell. 998
FOR SALE 3 player pianos $450,
$500, $550, $25 cash, $10 per month.
No interest. W. Muir. 102
FOR SALE A stripped Cadillac per
fect condition, fully equipped, three
hundred dollars cash. Call Phone
229. 62
FOR SALE Snap, Overland four-cylinder
touring car. Model 75. Bro
phy Garage & Supply Co. 72
Highest cash prices paid
for -ieond lwDd furniture, stores
clothing and tool TTncle ' Jim's
Rrewjerv Culett 71
FOR SALE Hay. 13 tons Soudan
Sorghum and Milo Maize hay at
Driscoll's ranch on road 3 miles
east of Hereford. 117
FOR SALE New Washburn piano,
bench and scarf, $250; $10 cash, $6
per month. No interesL W. Muir,
Next Wells Fargo. 358
FOR SALE $500 cash buys a nice
farm In St. Johns Co., Florida, 3
crops a year. Call No. 82 Jigger
ville. 17
FOR SALE Lots on Winwood Add.
An ideal location for families
" Terms $10.00 down and $10.00 a
month. Mrs. Winwood, Winwood
Add. 184
FOR SALE Three room house and
bath, gas, electricity, water connec
tion, lot 40z60. Price $1300, one
half cash, balance to suit purchas
er. Apply R. A. Clanipitt. 23
FOR SALE 6 room furnished house.
Apply Mr. A. Hermanson, Tomb
stone Canyon, across from new
Catholic church. Will sell cheap if
taken at once. 112
FOR SALE 2 lots in Salt Lake City,
Utah, good location close in, will
accept Ford auto as part payment,
balance monthly payments. For
particulars inquire F. J. Keosh, old
Mason shop, LotcII. 377
FOR SALE Rooming house with 3S'
rooms all full. Rent $125. Want
$3000, $1200 cash, balance to suit
purchaser. Address Mrs. James
Ruggles, 546 West Adamas Street,
Phoenix, or V. F. Hoffman, Bisbee.
142
FOR SALE One of the best homes
in the city. On West Boulevard,
upper Tombstone Canyon. For sale
lurge 5 rooms hallway, bath and
back sleeping porch, home beauti
fully furnished inside, stone garage
1Sx24 feet, can stall 3 autos in same
Largo lot, 13 fruit trees set out
Cell afternoons or Phone 4S3. B.
- T. Watkins. 718
URN !TURE FOR SALE The Jo'un
son Addition Furniture Co. wants
to pay you the highest cash prices
for your second hand furniture. Al
so wants to trade or exchange you
new furniture for your old. We will
sell you furniture cheaper than
Anybody on easy payments. Call
In at the big brick building at the
Johnson Addition f.nd let us show
you our large and selected stock of j
house fumisnlngs, or phone us at
ojr store. Phone 385, Johnson Ad
it: ion
Salesmen
I
Salesman for general trade in Arizo-.
na. New, stronR proposition on sta
ple line; pplendid commission con
tract for 1917. $33 weekly for c'
penses. Continental Jewelry Co..
7S Continental Bide, Cleveland, O.
- &EACM.
T
Salesmen
AGENTS Steady income. L;rge
manufactmer of handkerchiefs,
dress goods, etc., wishes represcn
' tative in each locality. Factory to
consumer. Big profits, honest
goods, whole or spare time. Credit
given. Send for particulars. Free
port Mfg. Co.. 25 Main St., Brooklyn
X. Y. 107
Be your own master. , Stop wane slavery-
Formulas and instructions for
manufacturing six big sellers and
100 opportunities sent for 10c.
Charles M. Cook. 417 Van Nyes
Bldg.. Los Angeles, Calif. 106
line
SALESMAN Experienced any
for unexcelled new specialty propo-
sition to general trade. Splendid
D 1
commission
contract for Arizona.
Vacancy March 1st
$35 weekly for
expenses
Continental Jewelry Co..
76 Continental Bldg., Cleveland
O. !
105
LARGE MANUFACTURER wants ren-
-.ttt -n . .,.
resentative to sell shirts, lnder-
wear, hosiery, dresses, waists, skirti
direct to homes. Write for fre
samples. Madison Mills, 590 Broad
way. New York City. (429)
Miscellaneous
Will tailor from Butte call Heino &
Keane, Johnson Addition, Satur
day? 100
'.earn actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A., Los Angeles. Cat
alogs free. 95.'
1ROP A CARD to the Guarante
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for all
kinds of work in our line. Pat Clea
ry, manager Box 1433. J'lione "20
High grade portraits,
frames. E. Bushong
Box 2149.
up to date
Bailey Hotel.
2S1
Cox Credit Co., Muheim Bldg., in tail
oring Co. Loans on furniture, pi
anos, etc., no honest wage earners,
men or women permanently em
ployed, refused $5 to $5 without
security. Easiest weekly or moulh
. ly payments; cheapest rates; confi
dential; quick service. See us if
you need money. Phone 794. 143
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
B. WHITNEY. Lawyer. Rooms Z
Allen Block. Opac evenings. Phon
547. (109)
JUST OPENED ANTLERS HOTEL
over Gilman's jewelry store. Every
thing new throughout. Roovs by
day or week. 53
FOR SALE Lotl.ie House, School
Hill. Terms. Apply It. T. Lockie,
1011 East Boulevard. Kl raj, Tex.
(434;
CHE MOOSE HOTtL (Old Kione
House) Furnished rooms $2 pei
week, and up, with gat.; aiso light
housekeeping rooms. 17&
FIRST-CLASS painting or paper hang
ing by day woFk or contract. H.
Johnson & Co., phone Blue 7G4.
Postoffice box 1713. 107
P. J. McCuIIough, contractor. Phone
20. Box 934. Excavating, retain
ing walls, concrete houses, wells
and mining work is my specialty
Toothache can be prevented by fol
lowing simple instructions. Call at
my office for free booklet. J. F.
Teufert, D. P. S., Maze Buildins,
tOS '6 utooy
1000 SOLDIERS DROWNED
AS TRANSPORT SINKS
BERLIN, Friday. February 23. thy
wireless to Sayvillc, Feb. 24. The
admiralty announced today that the
Italian transport Minas. carrying 1000
soldiers to Saloniki has been sunk and
all on board except two men perished.
II E
SILVER
STATE
The Story of
MINING
A gripping tutor
of tke Coautock.
Tonopah. Coldcld.
Rochcttcr. and
other districts, re
lating the true Hor r
In
l NEVADA
of the enormous fortunes made in mining in
Nevada. With this story we ivill send a
FREE MAP of the Silver State, shuoing
location of atl the rich minim? districts, rail
roads, etc Both mailed FREE on request.
F. G. COX & COMPANY
C2' l.w.HHlman Bid. Lo Anevln.Csl
LL STAV
VtlTV-l Nrt.S IE
NOU 60T0 CV4IWA.
'auto tire thief is
nabbed by deputy,
A!i: Un- V,L TW Ar.
'",v- ;,.T
rests ror uoumy vvnue on
Trip to Miami and Globe
One in Jail, One Fined.
Louis Esquibo. known as Kid Lewis.
Dleaded guiltv before Judge M. '. i
'High yesterday afternoon to a charge
'jf stealing automobile tires in this
;city and was lined $"". K: quibn was
arrested in Miami several days ago by i
I Iloptity Sheriff Allie Howe and brought J
Ito lomiistone rruiay imni. iiowe,
lu'liiln tint triii I a ?i rrf.it II-irrv
i ..... : ti , ' ',, .,, , '
! YV ilsnn MleL-eil hootlii!i:er ill Clohc.
I ..... , , , . . ,
1lcnn U'ju n:ilw..,.l nur -1 lull lit i
. ,,,,., ..
, ,,atu.rsoIli .Jf Ap..,UI blM iaU r jumped
! his bond. Yilson is now held in the
county jail at Tombstone
I Barney Hajitolo ich, of
'was also arrested in Globe
and was brought to this city yester-: citis. Acute Jnuucsimn. ( ancer ana
day to answer to a charge of issuing ' I'lcers of the Stomach and intestines,
a worthless check. On arriving Inn-. ; Yellow Jaundice. Constipation, Gas
however, ll'awe was notified by a local trilis. Auto Intoxication, etc. In every
Dank that the check which llajitol- I locality there ate grateful people who
ovich had drawn on it, payable to ' owe their complete recovery to Mayr's.
Phil Tovrea. was cood and that a mis- ' Wonderful Remedy. Thousands say :
take had been' made at the bank when
it was returned to Tovrea. when he
tried to cash it, as worthless. The
charge against Hajitolovich was dis
missed. LOCAL DAIRY MILK
HEARING STANDARD
Weekly analyses of milk from the
local dairies show an increasing num
ber in Class A. as the following fig
ures on butter iat and bacteria per
cubic centimeter will show:
Class A.
Tombstone Canyon ...4.;
Standard 4.r
Medigovich and Grego
vich and
and
7,0(10
5,1 MM t
and 10i.(M '
Warren Ranch 3.9
II. Hussan 3.8
San Jose 3.7
H'ol.lschleal 3.2
Class B.
Ptire Miik Depot . . . .3.2
Kirkland 2.7
anil 3.(iiHi
and 7,!K0
and 10,00"
and 8,000
and 15i,0(io .
and l.'.uOC 1
The state standard is 3.25 butter ial
and 150H00 bacteria.
"COLORED HAH" IS
CONSIDERATE OF HIM
WHO WROTE ARTICLE
' Tiie Amtr.i an men and w'jmon must
Review Receives Letter from! '"a ton:'Ur'a'' a;I,st Kidni'y
. , . jit", becau! e wc eat too much and all
Local ;ian cramenting cra)out i,,0a is ri..u. Uur biooa ;s tiled
Kecent Item iiumng iiem-!
bers of the Negro Race.
Bisbee. Arizona.
Februar -ii, 1017.
To the Editor,
Bisbee Daily Review.
Dear Sir:
A real newspaper ma!-s it a point
to at all times, refrain fioin nny sub
tle slurs or remarks wnicli sninht ter.J
to stir up t.!i;;t which was Lie woist
curse in these I'niled IStdtes. namely.
Rare Prejudice.
The colored jieopie ol the Wair;-n
I'dslrii-t hate at ;:ll limes t omluctetl
t'leiiiselves as gente .men um! i;idies.
ilieri ty earning tl'.e n :-i)ei t and ror,
fidencc of even the i:i:.-:t tabid of our
enemies and soothing the hurts and
scries of for:i'i r centuries a-.! rau-.inu
the colored man to look wit!: liije to
cts chances of .liccrs.i ai;d !i:i? !iin s.s
in t ! is sovereign sUlo ol Arixona.
only askirii t lie oe !m a!on to
work out his destiny.
'Die :;iit:lli- slui i-a.-t in ii:e .e;i!a'k
in nnt' r,i ihe evening (i; ; !s in regard
to a wcil(i'.i' of two ol our p!-o,.e
snows eitl'er an idi m e of a ilisor-ileic-d
brain on the pari of the writ' r
r a lack of that on" principle nei es
:ary to idl human lu-iiris. belo'e ve
ran be cuiled hunia.i t hai i;y io our
re!low man.
The writer has Ihe ut:nasl .sympa
thy for him. and for his editii atin::
and li-,ieiit til" ;:hoe will le pas.; (I
i) IT lor tl'.e reasons iveii, v;t!i tin
hope that this hydr:t-lie;:ded n ouster
will ;ieer nain show its In ad in the
Warren liistriit.
I thank vo.i.
A Colon. Ian.
I - ?l'
'
stomach agonies
due to poison
ne Dose cf R""edy Sweeps Pain
I Away Hundreds of Thousands
Mayr's Wonderful Remedy is unlike
any other. It sweeps the liile and
Poisrt.Vms Catarrahl Ac retions from
the System. Soothes and allays in
Restored
R PV-.
Ihiiumation in the Intestinal Tract
this city, ! the cause of serious and fatal ail
by Howe meiits. such as Gall Stones, Appendi-
it lias saved them from the knife. The
; most thorough s stem-cleanser known,
t'on'ains no alcohol or liabit-forinin?
ilruus. TREE l.iokiet on Sto;n:icli Aii
i mi nts. Address Geo. H. .V;iyr. Mf;.
i Chemist. Chicaco. Better et. obtain
' a bottle oT Mayr's Wonderful Remedy
' from Bisb-" Drug Co.. Lowell Drug
:('o.. in Lowell, or any reliable drug
gist, who will refund your money if
it fails.
GERMANY IIE
in
(Continued From Page One)
hite Sulphur Springs. W. Ya . may
in reality he preparing an important
document for the President was giien
some credence today, especially in
diplomatic quarters. It was ivcnlled
that on social occasions previously,
ihe secretary had taken advantage of
s.ich trips to compile thita on import
ant :-ui)ji cU-. There hu.i been no m
i tihijtion at the suite department. !
: however, that his nrescnt abseuie m l
, ,'.,.,
j,- a ri.st."
BIG EATERS GET
KIDNEY TROUBLE
! Take a glass of Saits before
I breakfast if your Back hurts
I or Bladder Bothers You.
with uric acid and tiie kidneys strive
to titer out, they weaken from over
v.'orfc, become Klusih; t!ie elii.iinative
tissues clo and the result id kidnej
trouble, bladder w i akaes and a sen
oral decline in heallli.
When j'our kidneys feel like lumps
of lead; your back hurts or the urine
is cloudy, f .il cf sediment or you arc
ob'.ipe.'. to se.-k relief two or three
times durir.x tlic ni.-,!it; it ou suffer
with tick headache tr ui.z, nervous
.iptlls, ai id b.oniaeh, or you have
rheumatism wivn the weather is bad
ivi from jwir ;harnucist about foui
.unices of JaJ Suit-; Utki; a i-ible-poonlul
in a lass of water bi Tore
jrcakfust for a few days ai.d yout
'.idneys v. ill then ad hue. This fam
.ius talt i is nmiie from the at id ol
-rapes and lemon juice, combined witl.
lithia, and h;-s b" n u.-ed for s ntra
.ions to Hush and stimulate tioseo
:;idntys; Vj neuttiiliz;- the acids iu the
trine so it no longer is a source ol
irritation, thu.t ri.!in bladder disor
dcrs.
Jad h'aits is in xpenvue; tantiot in
ure, inukcs a delih'ful e;Te:.tscem
ithia-wuter beveme, iitul belongs iv
nery haice, because nobody . un tu&kt'
i nii.'take by :iv i:iic a send kidnej
lushini; ur.y time. (Ad ertisement)
li-'C V .' '.
3
If Ycu Don't Sabe
ji Ask Art
- - l. "iom'cmt ViUfu i ' 'r'.;yV.i TW'T focu. tarie rAPovr
IW V-l t;-l J
..Lodge
WEEK ENDING MARCH 3
Monday P. and M. E. M.
Thursday
Friday
Saturday Royal A o h.
X. C. BLEDSOE. W. M.
B. T. WATKINS, Secy. F. & A. M.
A. M. COLWELL, E. H. P.
C. F. PHlLBROOK, T. I. M.
J. E. FRY. E. C.
F S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chapter
and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
CHARLES S. BEAR, Exalted Ruler.
R. B. COOVER. Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE, No.
10, I. O. O. F.
Meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows Hall.
Main street
:ti0
p. m. lsmng
brothers cordially invited to attend
Hall phone 119.
CARL V. NELSON. N. G.
G. A. PLLNKETT. Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
! UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
! DREADNOUGHT,
j L. O. L. NO. 210.
Meets in I. O.
O. F. Hall sec
ond and fourth
SATl'RDAY
at 7:30 p. ni.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend. GEO. SLEEMA.V, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary.
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
HOUSEWIVES
ATTENTION!
I "ann-nay mane easy. ...otujay .ta.
Wash-day mad?
i always betn a day of drudgery, but
j not so any longer to those who wash
I with
i
MAGIC KER-O-ZINO
WASHING FOWDER.
No Rubbing! Throw away all wa.di ;
boards and washing machines. A
tablespoonful Magic Kerozino and
soap to boilerful clothes, boil 20 min-'
I'tes, rinse, and no matter how dirty.1
or greasy, clothes will be clean and
snowy white. . '
Won't harm or fade delicate fabrics.
( lean flannels without shrinking. :
Clothes last longer and woman lasts
longer. Saves two hours' hard rub- j
bins in an ordinary washing at a cost;
or only about .03 Uc. Think of it! j
. Cut down your washing bills. Every
household should use this wonderful
invention. Al'o for washing dishes. :
windows, stained marble, spots from ;
aoodwork. etc., etc.
riiotie 301. or write for trial order.
WILLIAM E. OTIS, JR., '
Vis bee
ing &
Iiistrihutin? Agent for Lover
Brown Co., wholesale grocers.
I
"I wis reiseil iu the South, subject
o malarial eoniii: io.is all my life. ;
During my sixty odd years 1 liiiv
jrobably taken u narrel of medicine.
Some linie uo I sot a dollar boti'e
jf Vitolcx, and I mils' say this remedy
een:s to lake nier.- poison from the
-yient tiian Kiiytaing I ever took. J
nave gained seeral pounds and feel
like a new man."
J. G. CANNON.
McGOFFIN AVE..
EL PASO. TEX.
6 Bottles will cure any ease of mus
ular or inflammatory rheumatism
Sold on n guarantee.
7 ':.' Kit',M To 5 A TIit V.ui
at 7
i
7
Vitoioxl
:;' .7f:ov Te;E PucTh.ij&- f- 3?5;y
' ' . ' V .-:! v'C IKI F-ovtTLiasr.TLiiii I 1 N
LC CMC ,
'v v V- -)
I: v
Notices...
V
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Odd Fel
lows" Hall. Vilfr
ing members cordially invited.
PHIL. DAVIS. President.
MRS. C. E. F1XOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
KATHERIXE SALHOLM, Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
I Meets every Friday night. Moose HalL
j Visiting brothers cordially invited.
! J. V. PETTEY, Dictator.
KAY ROSS. Secretary.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie. No. 175, F. O. E., meets
first and third MONDAYS. 8. p. m..
Eagles Hall. Visitors cordially wel
come. i RICHARD DAVIS. President.
I M. D. COHEN. Aerie Physician.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
CAN MECHANICS.
AMERI-
Meets in Medigovit b
Hall, second and fourtii
Tuesdays each month.
Visiting brothers wel
come. ! HOMER C. TREES. Councillor.
u. A. CUNNINGHAM, Recording Sec
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
"5 Bisbee Camp No. 1341.V
yJ' Meets first Tuesday at
Tttg;-T Odd Fellows Hull.
YtoU K. L. MOTZ. Consul.
iV II- MATHEV. SON.
WW Clerk.
PYTHIAN SISTERS,
l.ily Temple. No. 3. meets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
r.irnt'u at Odd Fellows' Ha!i. Visiting
sifters are cordially invited.
ANNA HART, M. E. C.
JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. C.
WOODMEN CF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 4 will
f met 1st ard 3rd V.'ed
. nesJ.iy jli 7:30. l?ron!
t-.tif Hall,
.r . . ...-. j j WiVT' s c. C
" - O. B. THOMAS. C!?rk.
All Vi'oouiaen Invited.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first rii ;":IM
Uiurs.ijys a- 7 :'i p. m.
in Medigovich Hall. Ail
visiting Red Yen inv'tetl
to attend.
JOHN KEI.KY. Sachem.
W. I). COHEN. .edi. ine Man.
F. C. FENPERSON. C. of R.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Kali
Pearl Chapter. No. fi, nicer s
in Masonic Hall second ar.d
uf-'t Tuesday
month at 7:30 p.
of each
p. m.
.MRS. ANNA C. RICKARPS. V. M.
Phone 2io. P. O. Box S4 1. Bisbee.
MRS JESSE BEVAN, Sec y. P O. Box
2299. '"hairiuan Relief Ccm. i'l.one 647
KNIGHTS & LADIES OF SECURITY.
BISBEE COUNCIL. NO. 2115.
Meets every Thursday at I'nion
Hall. 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially inited.C. A. Clem, Pres.,
Bos 1023 Bisbee.
Frederick J. Attaway, Sec Lowell.
E. Unquiet, financier, box 332 S, Low
ell. KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Ruthbone Lodge No. l'
- Knights of Pythias
5?
V.StT?Jl'
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:20
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially inxited.
IT
EARL SOBI.EY. C. C.
, J. C. KRICBACM. K. of R. S.
WOODMEN CIRCLE,
j Meets in Medigovich Hall 2nd and
j 4th Fridays of each month.
HATTIE A. Ll'KE, Guardian.
! P.U'LINE F. BROWN. Clerk.
. P. O. Box 621.
My C. A. VOIGHT
f A.ii.r
T 1 CV'V
3
l51 A. '
I.
eight
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 25, 1917.
:.: NOT A MOTION PICTURE :-:
First Big Road Show of the Season COHAN & HARRIS Record-Breaking
if-
A CYCLONE OF LAUGHTER AN AVALANCHE OF FUN YOU'LL HOWL ! YOU'LL SCREAM ! !
YOU'LL COLLAPSE ! ! !
NOTE: This is COHAN & HARRIS' big City Show, enroute from the Mason Opera House, Los Angeles,
to Broadway Theatre, Denver, playing only a few one-night stands. Let everybody boost. A capacity house
will mean more first-class attractions for Bisbee.
f YOU CAN'T GO WRONG ON THIS SHOW !
Seats on Sde Saturday, Februarv 24th at ORPHEUM BOX OFFICE
PRICES
THE HOME OF REAL REEL FEATURES
Continuous from 1 to 10
WILLIAM FOX
Presents
GLADYS COBURN
in
"Be I
A Realistic Patronage of
Written by James R. Carey.
ADMISSION
Tickets Issued on
Today Only.
Commencing
The Triangle Fine
WILFRED LUCAS AND
A Fine Arts Production in Five Acts.
The Triangle Keystone Present?
CHESTER CONKL1N
The Favorite Keystone Comedian at His Best in
"A Tugboat Romeo"
A Side-Splitting Comedy in Two Acts.
ADMISSION - - - 10 and 15 Cents
Tickets Issued on Coupons Accepted for Any
Performance.
STAR
Theatre
TODAY .
TODAY
"JUST HER LUCK"
2 Reel Drama.
"TATTLE-TALE ALICE"
1 Reel Comedy
THE EYES OF LOVE"
1 Reel Comedy.
ADMISSION
s
Oroheum
Thursday, M
1 o
eitle of Life"
a Woman's Temptations
Directed by James Vincent
10 and 15 Cents.
CIS Coupons Accepted for Any
Performance.
11 B
Today Only
3 P. M.
Arts Presents
ALL-STAR CAST IN
Something
New!
We planned for months to make
our new Spring Mountings an ex
hibition of the latest and most
artistic styles.
May We Show
You How Well We
Have Succeeded?
VISITORS
ALWAYS
WELCOME!
Dix Studio
Brewery Gulch
Kodak finishing a specialty
hti
1 neatre
h 1st
2llf C
Ad
ver
50c
Head ''Patria" ami the Eagle Thea
tre ad. of the week's progiam or page
it. Advertisement. ' 1 ."
RAILROAD MAN HERE.
I Ralph Cadwell. manager of the AJo
railroad, is visiting his family in this
city.
Ride on tbe American Stage Line,
Bisbee to Douglas. Phone 366.
Advertisement.
RANCHER IN.
Ed Thomas was in Ilisbee yester
day from his ranch over the divide.
j English Kitchen open to i . in. !
Advertisement.
FUNERAL TODAY.
Funeral services for Mrs. L. II. Lay,
who died Friday, will be held from
her home in Don Luis this afternoon.
The Rev. Harshman will officiate. In
terment will be at Don Luis.
For good K. C. steaks and chops on
the broiler go to the English Kitchen.
Open till 1 i. m. Advertisement.
CANTRY FUNERAL TODAY.
Funeral services i'jr James G. Can
try, who died several days go from
pneumonia, will be held at i:ne o'clock
this afternoon from the Palace under
taking chapel. Tbe R-v. Fry will of
ficiate. Interment will be at Ever
green. I For good K. C. steaks and chops on
the broiler go to the English Kitchen.
Open till 1 a. m. Advertisement.
Read "Patria" and the Eagle Thea
tre ad. of the week's program on pagt-.
5. Advertisement. l.rii.
MISS TOLES HERE.
Miss Elsie Toles, county school su
perintendent is spending the week-end
with her father in this city.
Read "Pptria" in this paper rnd .-ee
it at the Eagle Theatre Monday.
Aiivertiseiiii :it. lTit'i
Expert repairing on fine watches
nd jewelry; diamond sitting, engrav
ing; and general repairing. Mintoti,
iho postoffice jeweler, Lowell.
Advertisement. 343
OVER FROM VALLEY.
Fred Kinney, Sulphur Springs valley
cattlemen, was in Bisbee yesterday
'jn a business trip.
Read "Patria" in this paper and sec
it at the Eagle Theatie Monday.
dvertisenient. l."5
NEO-BEAUTY SHOP
Xeo Plastique Massage, manicuring
a specialty. Your patronage solicit
ed. Ladies and gentlemen. Mrs. El
sie M. Sawyer, Room 16. Johnson Ho
tel. Advertisement. 196
FROM THE COAST.
R. V. Daniels, former collector of
customs at Naco. was a visitor in Bis
bee yesterday. Mr. Daniels is now
living in Berkeley, Calif.
Read "Palr'a" in ibis paper and see
it at the Eagle Theatie Monday.
Advertisement, liifi
For good K. C. steaks and chops on
the broiler go to the English Kitchen.
Open till 1 a. 111. Adveitisement.
COUNTY ATTORNEY IN.
County Attorney and Mrs. John F.
Ross, accompanied by their son, were
visitors in Bisbee yesterday from
Tombstone.
English Kitchen open to 1 a. m.
Advertisement. 5-3
REMOVAL NOTICE
Antiseptic barber shop will open in
its new locution in the new Lyric
Theatre building between March 1st
and 10th. Harry Hayes, prop. 743
Adveitisement. :
Comedy Success
JL W
use
to $2.00
FROM COUNTY SEAT.
City Attorney L. B. Whitney re
turned to Bisbee yesterday from Tomb
stone. IN ad "Patria" and the Eagle Tliea-
fire au. 01 uie wei k s program on page
5. Ad ertisement.
J. IB
ORIGINAL Bl SB EE-TOMBSTONE
STAGE LINE.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
j daily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
I Cochise Motor Co. Phone 444. Leaves
'punctually on time daily. 939
i (Advertisement)
BIG TURKEY DINNER AT ENGLISH
j KITCHEN TODAY
j consisting of chicken soup, combina
I tion salad, roast turkey, sweet pota
toes, chanberry sauce, spinach on
toast, cehbiated pastry, our challenge
coffee, all for Mc. Advertisement.
431
: BACK TO FAIRBANK.
j Jeff Milton,, immigration officer r.t
i Fairbank, returned to his h'ome in
I that city yesterday after having been
a visitor in Bisbee for several d.tys.
Mrs. Vernon Castle as Patria on
page 5 an,i at Kac)(. Theatre Monday.
Advertisement. lf.
TOM MOONEY SICK.
Tom Mouiiey. traffic officer, is con
fined to his home by a near attack of
pneumonia. Mooney is the third of
ficer now on the sick list. Tex Bar
t'in is getting over the measles and
"Slim" Shelton is recovering from a
severe attack of la grippe.
BIG TURKEY DINNER AT ENGLISH
KITCHEN TODAY
consisting of chicken soup, combina
tion salad, roast turkey1, sweet pota
toes, cranberry sauce, spinach on
toast, celebrated pastry, our challenge
coffee, all for T0c. Advertisement.
4.'1
DANCE MARCH 9.
The first dance givn by the Hur.
chuca Club, since it has been fully
organized, will be given at the coun
try club on the evening of March 9.
The affair will be given for members
only.
Just opened. Antlers Hotel, over
Oilman's jewelry store. Everything
new throughout. Rooms by day or
week. Advertisement. 33
BIG TURKEY DINNER
at English Kitchen Sunday. Hours,
open till 1 a. ni. every night.
Advertisement.
UNDELIVERED MESSAGES.
The following undelivered messages
are held at the Western I'nion office
lVir lack of address: Rapid Sail Com
pany. M. C. Cotton, Eddie Wall. It.
Mainut Aredin, F. A. Campbell. Leo
Romuey, Oscar R. Henney and Charles
Wheat.
MINERS' UNION DANCE
Sunday evening, Feb. 23, Union
Hall, O. K. St. Dancing begins 8:30.
Advertisement. 99
Save money on sheet music. I sell
about 33 1-3 percent below Ios Angel
es prices. Wool worth and Kress
stoies never go under my prices. Buy
no music till you see my prices. W.
Milir, next Wells, Fargo.
Advertisement. '109
BOYS' MEETING TODAY.
J. D. Potter will speak in the oy.s'
department of the Y. M. C. A. this
afternoon on ."Being a Boy". The ad
dress will take place during a boys'
mass meeting. An enjoyable song
service has been arranged, also, as
part of the meeting and all hoys are
invited to attend.
I-"t A. M. S'lamhaueh sell you your
Great Verde Extension stock. If it is
not convenient fur you to call at the
oft ice drop me ;i card and I will call
n you. 15c. per Mia re until March,
1st.--Advertisement. 113
' " !
Dr. Tlayfair. Osteopath. 98 Mason
Hill, Mason Hill car stop.
AT SPRINC5 FOR HEALTH.
V. II. Alley, an old time miner!
I this district, is sojourning r At'im
'alii nit- .'Springs. b re li- i- lakiliSj
irt'ui iiit-in lor an ui me ;iiij k. hi seia
lieu rheumatism.
Eugene Slevcns, electric contractor
lias just received a few vacuum dean
i is which Mill lit- for rem. ('hone C"3
Ad ertistrluent. 110
Mrs. Vrrnon Castle as I'alria on
page " and "I Eagle Theatre Monday.
Advertisement, l.'.ti
PHILBROOK BETTER.
C. K. Pltilhrook. rily supcriiilcrideiil
:.f
u bonis nl' Bisbee. M ho lias been
i in I'tioi inv rcsi i ii hi, ii ii r hi tin- last
week, is feeling much better, accord
ing lo word received yesterday frocu
Mrs. riiilhrook. who is in the capital
city with her husband.
BIG TURKEY DINNER
at English Kitchen Sunday. Hours,
open till 1 a. lu. every night.
Advertisement.
S3C.00 tailor made uncalled for
suit. $20.00. Millard & Bateruao, Al
len Mock. Advertisement.
PIGEON CLUB MEETING.
The Itisbee Open Pigeon Club will
meet at two o'clock tomorrow after
noon in the city hall. Any person de
siring to become a member of the Or
ganization is invited to hand tn his
or her name to the secretary tomor
row. Mrs. Vernon Castle as Patria on
j page 5 and at Kagle Theatre Monday,
j Advertisement. liifi
Morrow Chiropodist removes corns,
bunions, ingrowing nails without pain.
Instant relief, office 2 doors from city
park. Brewery Gulch. Adv. 254.
,'MISS SHARP FINED.
i Florence Sharp pleaded guilty be
' fore Judge Frank Thomas yesterday
I to a charge of having whiskey in her
'possession and was fined $"i0. She was
arrested in a P.rewery Gulch establish
ment at three o'clock yesterday morn
ing by Officers Rice and Sheppard.
SLAUGHTERING PRICES YET
For liO'days only. I will sell every
thing' in the Racket Store strictly at
cost. Don't be too late as the best
bargains always go first. J. W. Wood
The Racket Man. Advertisement. 144
BAILEY RETURNS.
I Postmaster L. R. Railey returned to
this city yesterday from Tucson,
j where he attended the trial Vf the
men charged with holding up the
Golden State limited at Apache last
summer. Bailey reported that the
case of the men was to have gone to
Ithe jury yesterday.
j Mr. Pal Chary of the Guarantee
1 Paint Co., after a seige of sickness
! Gir tt-. Hul u'liulr lu lior'lr ft tli nlil
stand doing business again. Tie says
that all jobs will be in full blast by
Monday and the increased number of
orders will be handled as soon as he
can get men here. Adveitisement.
160
A car every hour, Bisbee to Doug
las. Good cars and careful drivers.
Americrn Stage Line. Phone 366.
MUSICAL PROGRAM.
The national week of song in Bis
bee will be concluded with a musical
at the Y. W. C. A. at five o'clock this
afternoon. The following program will
be given:
Piano solo, Mrs. Frank P. Butler.
Duet. Mrs. W. P. Sims and Mrs. J.
P. illiamson.
Violin solo, J. B. Berlindis.
Quartette, Mrs. Sims. Mrs. William
son. Mr. Williamson and Mr. Blair.
Story, Dr. C. W. Harshman.
Solo, Miss Marguerite Watson.
Male Quartette, Messrs. Tuell, Will
iamson. Hooper and Blair.
Refreshments will be served follow
ing the conclusion of the musical pro
gram. . Tbe public is invited to at
tend the musicale.
TODAY
1
Orpheum Theatre
Continuous from 1 to 10.
The play that astonished New York. A drama of life from every angle. A
big subject lavishly produced by The Smalleys, producers of " here Are My Chil
dren?" the most gripping drama in years, and other notable successes.
t
"Idle Wives"
i
From the Novel by James Oppeheim.
Is a marvelous play within a play, with all Humanity in the case. Showed to
crowded houses during its New York run. The play that every man and woman in
the world should see. A remarkable production. Far greater than the average
feature film. The play that lifts the curtain of Society's glass houses the most
gripping drama in years. The play that shows the evils of discontent, picturing
life among the rich and poor; audacious, absorbing, realistic, dramatic. Do not
fail to see this wonderful photo drama. Opening performance Today. Come
and tell all your friends.
Admission
at
I
1 in ji i i i m sangaBcacsBcaai
HOIST WITH POWER
DON'T use the old hand windlass as it is far more ex
pensive than our NOVO HOISTS, which will do many
times the work at only a fraction of the cost and will
work three eight-hour shifts if you wish. A NOVO
HOIST that will lift 600 pounds 600 feet only costs
$235. F.O.B. Bisbee. We have them in stock for im
mediate delivery.
Also a complete stock of mining and assay supplies
including engines, drill and bar steel, picks, powder,
fuse, caps, rail, buckets, f wire rope, pipe, hammers,
forges, etc. Prices lower than elsewhere, quality con
sidered. (Hardware Department)
I
I
NOTICE EASTERN STARS
All members and visiting Eastern
Star are requested to attend regular
meeting Tuesday night. Feb. 27th. at
Masonic Hall. Mrs. Laura B. Hart,
Past Most Worthy Grand Matron of
the O. E. S., will be present. P.anquet
will be served. Anna C. Richards,
Worthy Matron. Advertisement. 150
OFFICE OF CALUMET & ARIZONA
MINING COMPANY
To the Shareholders:
You are hereby notified that the An
nual Meeting of the Stockholders of
Calumet and Arizona Mining Compa
ny will be held at the office of the
Company, Warren, Arizona. Monday,
April 9. 1917, at 10 o'clock a. m. for
purpose of electing eleven directors
for the ensuing year and for such oth
er business us may come before said
meeting.
Only stockholders of record at the
close of business March lftth. 1917.
will be intitled to vote.
By Order of the Boaid of Directors.
GORDON R. CAMPBELL,
Secretary.
Dp ted at Calumet. Michigan. February
15. 1917. Advertisement 145
J
REVIEW MAN ILL. 1
James T. Carey, advertising mana- i
ger of the Daily Review, is confined
to his home with an attack of bron
chitis. RETURN TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. and Mrs. Ed Meaney, who have
been visiting for several days with
Mr. Meaney's sister, Mrs. Sweeney,
left last night for their home in Col
ton, calif. They were accompanied
by. Mrs. Emma SJarks. of this city.
After spending several days at the
orange show at San Bernardino, Cai..
the party will go to Salt I.ake City.
PERRY ON THE JOB.
F. J. Perry, better known just as
"F. J.," yesterday took up his duties j
as chief tobacco dispenser for the St. ;
Elmo cigar stand. "F. J." is well 1
known throughout the southwest and j
will undoubtedly become more popu
lar than ever in his new position. He
will coutinu.- to act as president of J
the Brewery Gulch Economic). Asso- ,
ciation. -
PURE MILK DEPOT MAKES
STATEMENT
In order that our customers may
know why we are in second place we
wish to state that during the week
through a system of numbering bot
tles we located one source of supply
I which ran low in butterfat. We im
j mediately canceled all milk from this
I source. We caught it too late for this
j week's report, however. The propri
: etors are making strenuous efforts to
t put out nothing but the very best
milk to its many patrons.
Advertisement. 16:1
NOTICE
Musical at Y. W. C. A. today at 5
o'clock. Everyone invited.
Advertisement. 162
GERARD MEETS ALFONZO.
i (By Review Leased Wire.)
! PARIS. Feb. 24. James W. Gerard,
' former I". S. ambassador to Germany,
and Mrs. Gerard, were received today
; by King Alfonzo. siysi a llavas dis-
patch from Madrid, and conversed
with the king for two hours. They
I were accompanied by Joseph E. Wil-
lard, the American ambassador to
Spain.
t
Get Acquainted with the
MARINELLO
Method of Caring
for Scalp aiul Hiir
cfT. fNn n rn-Ar'i ir l.r trl
pruowurtK rutir hvitltrt wiii growth.
McDonald's Marinello
Shop
Phone 305
TODAY
15c and 25c
t 1
!
i
i
1
i
I
V
r MINING
S SOCIETY I
SECTION
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL 19. NO. 225.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 25, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
AM &ki 1
V
i
Moctezuma Copper
Company Producing
At Very Great Rate
f
I,
GREEIMr PAYS
HOT 10 II I
i
0!
LANSING'S NEW AID
IS FROM ST. LOUIS
Great Phelps, Dodge and Company, Located in Sonora, Near j Practically All of the Heavy!
Nacozari, One of the Most Modern and Most Productive Machinery for C. and A.;
of Mines in Northern Mexico Mines Located oeven mnes
From Big Concentrator Site.
Venture on Ground De
velopment Will Be Rushed, j
Captain John C. Greenway, general j
manager of Calumet & Aiizona inter-1
ests. was a visitor with Superintend- j
ent J. K. Hooper of the Cadsden Cop- j
per Company on the property the
company has under development, ad- J
joining I'nited Verde Kxteiision, says j
the Jerome News. , '
'We are as yet in the class of small !
prospectors in this distri. t," said the !
visitor in if ply to a iuery as to prog
ress. "The ground is to be given
thorough exploration and Mr. Hooper
Is carrying out the plans to that end
with as much rapidity as possible. I
am pleased with the process that has
been made, and with the general acti
vity which is in evidence in the Yerde :,inc
i.-i. .... , .. WW
uisinii. xi iooks uuu.
Captain Creenway has made the
Calumet & Arizona organization the
most aggressive in the state in point;
of research for new mineral resourc
es. Mining men attribute a very
great part of the expansion of Arizo
na's proven ore areas in the past sov-
A Wv
ft
II A
i
OF VERDE EL
T!
YOUTH OF FIFTY.
YEARS AC.O BETTER
-TRAINED THAN NOW
GOOD
,' Gross Value of Ore Produced
i in 1916 Nearly Ten Million.
Surplus as of January 1 Is
Over Five Million.
of
! for the nmuerou:
i-iohi blocks of
Ore Bodies Are in Oval Shape and Vary in Width From Six
Feet to Seventy-Five Four Methods of Mining Used;
Shrinkage, Cut-and-Fill, Squareset and Top Slice Three
Thousand Men Are Employed in .Mine and Smelting
Operations.
The property of the Moctezuma Copper Company, one of the subsidiaries
of Phelps, DUoge & Co., is located in Northern Sonora, Mexico. At the town
of Nacozari, with a population of 3,500, is located the j;eneral offices of the
company, and the concentrator.
Nacozari is a very picturesque little town, practically surrounded by
mountains, with the exception of a narrow canyon through which the River
ISatento. a fair size Btream, meanders on its way to the Pacific Ocean. j
Nacozari lies about seventy-five miles to the south of Douglas, Arizona.
and Is connected with that town by the Naco2ari Railroad. This railroad is
owned by the Moctezuma Copper Company. The railroad passes for the last,
twenty miles, approaching Nacozari, through a very beautiful canyon, through
which flows the River Batento, and the lower portion oftne sides of the can
yon are lined quite heavily with oak and other timber. In many places the
Fides of the canyon rise to several hundred feet perpendicularly and in pass-
c a v.i.m.crh iha oonvnn nn tho train nr nn hnrsehack of an evening, while the
t eral years to the activities of C. & A.
sun is setting, the coloring upon the rocky sides is constantly changing and It na4kept nll other n,jnng interests
is very beautiful. : on their toes in the hustle for new i I
As mentioned above, the concentrator for treating the copper ores mined holdings of merit. The only big new $iUy,UOU Said to Have Been: " " """"V
Krerkenridge Lung.
Brckenridire Ismg. of St luis,
has entered upon his dLtier a third
ass;-mt secretary of state, tuceeed-
iliiarr: Phi'hps. who has been
.'-"'. to. first assistant.
BED HILLS PROPERTY
: BONDED TO SYNDICATE :
OF COAST PROMOTERS
The annual report ol the directors
tho I'nitud V o fp ) 11 ltunuiin lin
! ins company, which was mailed to
j stockholders from New York Tuesday,
jas a result of the annual meeting of
i the company, held Tuesday, follows.
Undoubtedly it will be full of interest
us local investors who
the stock, as it de
scribes work done on the property a
well us pliitis for the ftit'ire.
; 'I he report says:
! Director' Report, Year 1916.
The directors' report that coiidi
; t lulls at the mine are highly s-alisfui:-;
toi-y
i The ore body mentioned in our last
j annual report bus been further devel-
oped and has pi'jduted a very satis-
factory tonnage of high grade ore.
I in January. 1916. another ore body
j was encountered on the 1400 level,
! which has been fully developed on that
level by drifis at regular intervals,
and has an area on that level of over
60.000 square feet. Between the 1400
level and the 1200 level this ore body
has been developed by raises in the
ore. Above the 1300 level three raises
have been run in the'jre. At About 60
feet above the 1300 level the oxidized
pKr . , A
! i M
V s A
;-'
I
Is ' 4
I
ill II
i BEALS III
! PLSCE
NORTH
MI!!P
mm
Homestead Property in the
Walker District of Yavapai
County Is Sold to Syndicate
of Eastern Capitalists.
CLAIMS REGARDED
AS VALUABLE GROUP
Lorn a Verde Copper Compa
ny Completes Listing Its
Shares on N. Y. Curb Lo
cated Near Blue Bell Mines.
iy William P. Ie Wolfi
PRKs-VOTT. Ariz.. Feh. 24. A nu:;i-
you take away trom Hun a c-ciuiiu
inborn reliance upon himself."
by the company is located at NacozarL It has a capacity of 2.S00 tons a day, ig dqw 'brousht in by c & ; at
and is a splendid mill, constructed of concrete and steel, and very efficient ! Ajo, where they w ill probably be able
treating the ores sent to it. I to enter upon, the production of up-
- -The PHares Minea, from which the company obtains its wain supply of!arJs of 3.000,0nu pounds of copper
! the month on or before June 1. In the
ores, are located about six nii)es from Nacozari. and at an elevation of about i ypr(ip djstrjct the territory thr.t C. &
twelve hundred feet higher than the town. A narrow gauge steam railroad ' A. is developing is regarded with
winds up through the mountains from the mill to the mine yards. On reach-J much confidence, not only by the com
. . . .i i r . j ,i l'"'i oi uv nulling men
. 1. 1 ,. : .. V. : . .. 1. .. an olnfAtintl .if O .r.ll t fMlf t ll ftll Ufl fill ft Vt ll 11 Tl H T..(t '
U.B " wno nT, famiiiar with the
i i i : i r l iv-
uivuivcu in uic ycai urn-, in this ore 5odv above that Yye
mond Drilling will be Start-j are certain of a large amount of high
ed on the Property Soon. jf:i'ade ,jrp iu to the 700.000
' 1 tons in sij-'ht between the 1300 and
FLORENCE, Feb. 24. 1-ist Satur
day a deal as corisumitted v.herebfr"
O. T. Nichols of San Francisco, rep
resenting a Pittsburg company, took
11400 levels. We can conservatively
estimate 1.000,000 tons of 16 per cent
ore iu U,hf.
A winze has been sunk "00 feet be-
......... ....... - " " e low tho UlKl lvol lff,.r r,-.QIr.--
generally j over the Red Hills copper properties .Ilpu ... . , JT.
46 feet of very low irriule nrn ill
ll l:
Wocdbridge N. Ferria.
"The most magnificent school ini
the United States today does not:
compare in opportunities for char
acter building' with the old-fashion -J
ed New England hon.e of f.ftv vears
I apo. scith its strict training that laid
the foundation for a splen lui virile
manhood." savs ex-dovernjr Ferris
o' Michifran. 'Today too mi:ch- is i hf r of minini d;als of :.:or" than or
do.ie for the child; the result s t hi, t ('-i'u-ry i itaru-e have t-n closed
here within the !at ten d.tys, one" of
te more iMiportanr brini: the trans
' f-r of the Homestead property in the
Wi-Iker district to the I'niled States
Continental Mininic curipany. a Nevr
York City i-orpoiation. The deal was
closed by telegram immediately fal
lowing the scbiaitting of a report on
I the prop rty by J. H. Shock.ey. the
neer. Mr.
lesiead f r
ter part of
( ISlb'. i:niler a two-year biiul and
ConstTUCtion of 200 Hollow- vt-U.pnt.-nt aSrce.!ient. The taking up
, rr-.i r ii- ir i U ' l f the i.piion within u few mocths of
I ue Dwelling Houses to be j lls S.a!ljri. ,iiu. ii:a :,.tetore be
started on notback, iNesr i atcepteu i::u:cative or tr.. ir
. I. t .. . . i .A..n, . - .
fAoi n ..Ami Arfnl rtuur rf tlin uiirrAii nil tnp mnnntiiin rnn?ei find colintrv is ..-i.A .i.... i, :n ..... w . 1 1 i i. i . i i :
- - i nu u iiuiiciiuiir iiii iu win nut ue uuuucu icaw. 11 is uuunMimu uiui j jg j.,, encountered one of the
... - ..... . . rr - . i i rr . I .. .. U : 1 . r . 1. .. . . , j; , 1 :.. . V. 1 i
obtained, it is at mis point tnai tne rouvenir iunnei is reacueu. me wrv 6ii une uciuie mr mpiu ui maimuiu niinui; is iu ut- tuunucui i-u Dars 0f intrusive waste characteristic
motives here turn over their load of empty cars to large eleMric haulage
for which the organization is noted
will have developed another big mine.
Tractically all the heavy machinery
which is to be used by the Calumet
& Arizona company in the develop
ment of the Gadsden group is now on
the ground and is being rapidly in
stalled under the direction of the sup
erintendent. Five carloads of machi.i
which contains the eompressor,
been shipped from the Warren
motors and hitch onto the loaded train assembled in the yards by the mine
motors for the return trip to the mill. The railroad cars carry thirty tons
each and thirteen cars constitute a load to the mill.
The Pouvenir Tunnel pierces the mountain for about one mile and enters
the mine at an elevation seven hundred -feet below the collars of the two
main shafts, the Esperanza and Pilares. These shafts are approximately
twenty-two hundred feet apart and are located on the outer edge or rim of
the ore bodies. A third shaft, tlie Guadaloupe, is located about sixteen hun
dred feet distant from the Esperanza, and about seven hundred feet from the , trict.
Pilares Shaft, and between these two. This is an underground shaft, its' Concrete foundations are in and
. ... ! unless there is some more bad weatn-
worKing coimr oe.B ou i-.t . luuur, r.c.t,. pr t,)e p,ant w. b( m operat,on by
Tin? Esperanza and Cuadaloupe shafts have attained a depth of 1200 feet,
while the Pilares is down to the 1300 level. Preparations are being made to
sink all three shafts to the 1400 level, as the ore bodies are believed to extend
to that depth.
The ore bodies of the Pilares Mines in plan, taken altogether, are ovAl
shape, having total extremes of about twenty-two hundred by one thousand
just as soon as the machinery can be
gotten on the ground although the
contract allows ninety days in which
to begin work.
The lted Hills it a highly mineral
ized belt twelve miles east of Flor
ence and has been worked in a medi
ocre way for many yeurs and a jrreat
deal of very high grade ore has been
ery have been delivered, and the last, t taken out from shallow depths and
of the deposit. At the bottom the
winze passed Uut of the intrusive and
encountered chalropyrite ore. such as
is found elsewhere in the camp. The
winze was stopped at the 16U0 level,
and on account of the. difficulty of
handling the water, no drifts were run
from that level.
No Prospecting Now.
During the year 626 feet of drifts
and crosscuts were run on the 800
VERDE EXTENSION
MAKES START UPON
JEROME'S ADDITION .ss
the Ne- urkrrs in the latt
has i shipped to smelter. Within the past
dis-jfew months several mining men have I level. On the 1100 level 1075 feet of
looked this property over and all have drifts and crosscuts and 37 feet of
agreed that it shows every evidence j raises were run. On the 1200 level 213
City, Within Sixty Days.
JEItOME. Feb. 2. Construction of
200 hollow-tile dweliit ho'tses wilt
be under way on the hogLiuk. jui
east of the Jerome city boundary,
within 60 days.
Plans for the houses, also for a big
hospital and library, have been drawn
for the t'nited Verde Extension om-
; pany by the Phoenix architectural
firm of Lescher tc Kibbey, according
to information received by local con
tractors. John Uuiker Kibbey. one of
the uiembeis of this firm, drew the
plans for the palatial residence of
President James S. Douglas.
March 10. Superintendent Hooper
says that he could have hud every
thing running by the first of March
made it impossible to haul the equip- Wanted without delay.
ment out from Clarkdale. The development of the Red Hills
The heaviest piece is the flywheel ! country w ill mean much to Florence
feet i drifts and crosscuts were run,
and the winze below this level was
sunk 52 feet. On the 1300 level drift
ing and ciosscutting amounted to 3575
feet, and raising 2S4 feet; and on the
1400 level 4774 feet of drifts and
for the motor.
feet- Commencing at the surface and continuing down for several hundred ' a najf ons
feet, the ore bodies have been found on the outer rim of this large oval mass.
They vary in width from six feet to seventy-five feet. The main ore bodies
for the first several hundred feet have been practically vertical, but on the
lower level are showing signs of spreading out. No ore was found in the
large central mass until the 600-foot level was reached, hi'.l from this level
down several good size slopes have been developed toward the center and in
the vicinity of the Cuadaloupe Bhaft.
of worth. Mr. Nichols came in last
week and Hfter going over the prop
erty taking two or three days In mak
ing his examinations, said the proper
ty looked good enough for him and
had it not been for the storms, which papers transferring the property were
crosscuts and 1357 feet of raises were
run. Also the winze from this level
was sunk 200 feet.
It weighs eleven andl"s this will be the distributing point! ln audition to the above, driftm?
and trading center for this large dis- and crossoutting to the extent of loll
The entire plant is one of the most i trict. made far more extensive by the leel was aone m Jerome A erde grouud
modern ever installed hv nnv Heel, recent new discoveries west of ik, lw'r'"J er.i: opper company.
oping company in Arizona. With the ; Rpd Hills property where rich ore
generator set it is possible to operate ' bodies are now being uncovered. This i
an hour and a half after the current I added to the development work being j
is shut off. Three full loads can be oone at the Alta and Oklahoma
drawn from the bottom of a
shaft. This removes all possi
a i nil ur i .-...,..., ,
1.000-foot j sroups by the Shannon Copper Com- ; voted ,o
iibility of jl'any. the AJax. the old Arizona King, j K shipped dt.v
! accident resulting from a failure ofsn,l other properties in the Mineral
On both the Esperanza and Pilares ends of the mine, the ore bodies have the current
irraduallv encroached toward the shafts. Two new shafts to be located fur
...... . , 'compartment shaft by hand.
ther away from the ore zone, are being considered, and in the case of the ; ,)ow down neary 50 feet
Pilares end. a new shaft has been decided upon. A suitable Hite is now be-i .
Two shifts are sinking the three-! boom in this immediate vicinity.
It U
ing sought for this shaft by a churn drill located on the 1200 level, ln a drift' rnil'J States government will
and raise driven to the proposed location. Holes will be drilled down to a rusiiet ueuther army shoes.
open bids March 5 for 450.U0O pairs of manufacturers will substantially
depth of about twenty-five hundred feet in order to test the formations below I
before any shaft work is started, so that it may be positively determined that '
the location is in barren ground.
The ores are almost exclusively of primary origin and are composed of ;
cupriferous pyrites, chalcopyrite and calcocite, contained in a gangue or ino-'
trix of silica, calcite and pyrites, tributary to andesite and latite brccciar,'
with barren fissures and dikes of diorite and monzonite. The grade of 013
sent to the concentrator averages a'ut 3.25 per cent copper, and the pro-
duction for the year 1916 was approximately 731,000 tons. j
The methods of mining used at present are four, shrinkage, cut-nnd-fill. J
square-set, and top slice. In former years a large amount of ore was ex
tracted by the shrinkage system, but as the mine grew larger it was found
that the walls in general were not strong enough in many cases to admit of
successfully drawing off the ore without serious dilution. Again, it was nec
essary to fill the etopes for the safety of the mine, so that in recent years the
cnt-and-flll method was adopted wherever possible, and It has proven a pro
nounced success.
Square-setting Is used only where it is necessary for reasons of safety
to take out floor pillars on the old leva! or In pillars where cut and flll would
be tin safe.
(Continued on Put Two.)
Including footase driven in 'Jerome
. Verde ground, the total for the year
i on all levels is 13.734 feet.
No prospecting id now in progress.
The efforts of the company are de-
ing as much ore as can
eloping the existing; ore
jVily, and putting the mine in shape
for economical production.
So long as the present high price of
I copper continues, it will be the policy
Canadian government has not yet of the company so far as consistent
fixed price of newsprint paper, as it : w ith good mining to continue pro
now seems certain that Canadian i ductirm at th m-.Tin.nm chinnii.. ....
' parity. In common with every other
I (Continued on Page Six)
and future wor'h of the t-state.
The Homestead-is on of a number
of vhI'kii- miniii'' properties in the
Waiter !:.i--;n d'strict. s ene of the
eirlie-t and nost sti cf-ssl';.l placer
mtr.iim operations in this section of
Ai:.:cmi. The histoiy of Walker Pas
in dte Back to me period immediate
ly following the Civil r. when a
Patty of Confederate veteran, h-adetl
by the rnn afier whom the Past.-: ii
named, made canrp therein en route
to California, di-cover -tl its plut-cr
sold yieldir.a possibilities, establish
ed pe'rmunent he;d-ii!irters. and
sro'in,! -sluiced imi nbout 1 quarter
imlM'ti dollar:; orth of ur.M. The
Houn-mead hait is located within a
few feet from where the southerner
'hist liiun.l cold, t n!r the s.nier-.is-
It is possible that the on?r?ct for jn , S r. Shotklcy a shool of si.l
building the 200 dwelling houses and 1 pkiile ore earning iilah values in sil
the hospital will be It I to one firm. ver anil gold, has teen opened for :i
If this is done it will be the lamest length of :m feet by micuhs of this
contract ever let in northern Aiizona. - shaft. IVn -lop-vent of this ore body
It is more nrohable. however, that the i "l " "u" m- "oj. cu.e. ami 1..
I Hill district, should prove quite a
duee price to Canadian publishers.
FORMER HAMIilTRG-AMERICAX LJXLK MAY B12 GERMAN JUIDER
A
" i
construction will be divided among
several concerns, as the company
hopes to have the buildines completed
before fall.
This means that hundreds of careen
ters. bricklayers and other builders
will be employed this snrine nnd slim
mer. Thousands and thousands of
dollars will be paid out to these work
men. 1
The hospital is to be on the high
point just west of where the Clark
dale road curves, on the crest of the
I hogback, to go down into Hecentuin
gulch. Most of the dvvi Ilings are to
be east of that point, on ground own
ed by the United Verde Extension
and .Dundee-Arizona companies.
Two or three months acn surveying
parties were on the ground staking
off the lots and streets. Less exca
vr.ting will be necessary than In the
main part of Jerome.
WithJn a very shoit time the I. V.
F.xtension will begin cor.strtu -tine a
road south from the west end of its
dump to connect with the county ro; d
just below the primarv school, at a
point near the John Goodwin resi
dence. This is to afford easy p.iss-i-e
from the mine to the new townslte.
At present it is necessary to travel
around by the old Daisy shaft and I s;l smelters from the Aiizona rein- in
come into the upper end of Main St. 'he HumNdd' country. The ship-
rnnstn.rtton nf the new- rna.l wrlllM nau a total value ot .' .
that end the .-.halt H at cm e to be
equipped with powerful h.iistins and
drilling machinery.
Lomi Verde Financed
Another important deal closed of
late has to do with the financing of
the Loina Verde Copper company anj
the plan t.T list its shnres on the New
York Curb. The company is worklns
a group of en ciairt's and a irillsite
a total of 2ti5 acr- titrated j
vicinity of the productive Plue Pell.
De Soto. Putternut. Henrietta and
H-.r.uhan.pton copper mines in the P.u
Pu? district. The Lone Pine sroup
of three claims, owned by the Loma
Verde, has preJm ed about lloo.tiivo
worth of ,w!d copper ore from near-surfa.-e
workings. Mineral contents
to a depth of 250 feet range trom $!
to $K0 --old anrt from 15 to 20 percent
copner to the ton. Funds have been
si-Ttpiie-l to meet ihe t-ipenso entailed
in opening tli ore at much greater
depth, and in miiiint and sloping or
on the levels alrrady estat lislied. All
order for mine maihiuery will bo
placed the current month Arranee
ments have been nude with the Hum
boldt smelt r. locutol about two miles
south of the property, to treat the ore
now exposed in ihe aiin.- and on the
dump.
Luring Ihe past two weeks four
cars loaded wiih silver-leal concen
trates have been forwarded to Kl Pa-
00i
rs
The Hamburg-American liner Cap Ortcal.
Accor.lirfr to recent report, from Rio de Janeiro, neither the Meewv nor the Ve-ieta is tl-e Cern ,c,
i,l"h has I'0" p13'-"1'' ''avw ' "lorchnnt vessel-; ,..f the allied nations -n Se.,l, Atlantic w T,
have been undertaken week r.vo hut
for the fart that som. of the private
sewer systems dischar:--- upon he
hillside west of Hitter ircek. where
the road is to pass.
Hitter creek is no longer to he .1-1
open stream alomr the r.xtension
w orpines A culvert, apprex!
l.nOit feet lone, is a'rdy bli
It will cost Bbout 51"0f.
Shipments made during the latter
part of 1010. when the property pass
ed to the eo-ifrel of Anderson ami
Ptreh, lit f -t a protrarterl period of
idleness, had a total value approxi
mating $35.0011. A noteworthy feat
ure in connection with development
of the Arizona is the fact that the ore
nintety i body is widening aid earning a hih
r hoi't I cr si,vrr ""nter.t is depth is gained:
wnirt vvniT'ii. lr-iti r-t the pes.ire cf
n Inree and irn-.iiialTv val.iiMe depos
it ef silver-lead ore in the primarv
Tnlon facltie in 1917 will erprnd ap-. 7 -.tie. Milling operntiers have been
proximately $SO.POO,000 of which $12.-. curtailed pending the irrtallarion of
Oon.000 will be for new cars and locrt- an oil-flotation unit in the 50 ton re
motivfs. Atchison has placed order : duction plant.
pr about J10.000.0O0. (Continue! on Pa;e Two) TWO
THE BI5BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 25, 1917.
inisso WriM
BY CROSSCUT BON ill
400 LEVEL OF MINE :
Hanging Wall of a Well De
fined Vein Located, After
Stiingers Had Pointed the
Wty Crescent in Vein.
I
..ri. o i;i!n irf a!."i f ifujT ."Iop- ilio several vo'ns shown on the sur
vein--. f-tce, hac fctt-n nit by tlx ttrhn
The ro:-.- ut v v.! in: t'o in be- and assay v .-lines run fr:i S3 cents to
twvtn tv.ii or shou's hat aie v,ei: a l.inh as $1..
r.iartce-' o:; the sin la'-. li both ra!i Tne showing at Hi: pole.! if not
to tilt '.v. st as is t Sir iu!e ni t.us sec- only s::tisfai loiy. i.tii .wnciiMn1.
m th. one fKi of ti e shaft should From -avfti! p.t!?ti-al anil toy:-
l.e eneoentered within a huin'red feet 1 eraphiial surveys just eoiepietec D
or so of the crosscut, while the ore j Ccore V. Pierce, the president and
s''pot to th" v est may bp tonsidera- manager of the company, pnd other
tly farther aw ay. i competent engineers, it is shown that
V:r.;., w r,iii,irnce.l both ! these veins have been cut in the tun-
wavs. and the entire lace of both ',
."WTEZUSA COPPER
i ' n
OAT MAN, Teb. 24. Ore of the
most important and sisniik.int (level- .
opimnts of the past (e v mouths in
the entire Caiman dislri'-t is th- oi
eninK up of the Adams vein hy the
crosscut 150 feet froi the sfcnft t: tlie ;
400-foot level. L't Friday strin. rr, '
commenced to come in and on .Satur
day the hanpins wall of a well-defined ,
and splendidly formed 'tin .aa
reached. Sunday the ciriils went into
quarts and calcite. which later devel
oped into a very compact an 1 un fonn j
body of led?e matter similar in ap- i
pearance to the I'mleii 'Eastern and i
Tom Reed ore. '
Jlinin? run tilio have examined
the vein are unanimous in the opin
ion that it is a very' satisfactory a'!d
encouraging showing, which should j
drifts are in line-'ooVine quartz. En
rourapini". values are shown by as
says. thou::h not what would indicate
iri!!inc ore. The exact width of the
vein has not been il terriined. as. a
"horse" wss enconn'ercd several feet
from .t r w nils aad the crosscut again
went into vein matter.
President E. 71. Xewlaads came ov
er from '.o .irce'es Monday and
both he and M?nacrr X. A. P'Arcy
fool that the cii!:"ir.ption of their
twelve months of hard, conscientious
effort is now in siht.
Crescent Tunnel Reaches Vein
The main Crescent vein has been
cut and drifting to the southeast was j Do you know that M. Curran,
strrtrd !r-st Tuesday. At the point ' automobile painter, is back on
wl-ew cut bv the biz tunnel it shows job spaiiK First class
p width of some Ulit feet, with brec
ciated vein filling. Three veins of
hundred feet, while hand tramiuinz i;
based upi;n the odd or all t mate lev
els. Practically all of t'le niniifT epila
tions are conduct d by rs!tr;!- .. this
i naving heen found the most satisfe'-t-ory
method here Almost all of Mn
(Continued From V?r,e One) I work, both at the mines and mill, is
Top slicing is employed in parts of performed by Mexican labor, while
the mine where the ground has erush- help only beiiiR used in filling .';e
ed to such an extent that the other, higher positions. This policy has
methods are unsafe, or where there is J proved highly advantageous, for whin
no danger of damaging surface opera- it has become necessary, owing to dis
tions. ' ' turbed political conditions, for th..
nel. where they have entered into a ; Killing needed for the stopes is oh- white employees to leave the prop
lati' flow of lalite. j tained through nil holes to the surface. Prty as has happened several times
The bulk of tins How lies to the where it is procured by drilling and in recent years the plants at such
nouli pnd west of the tunnel, extend- j blasting the rock into these holes at times have been operated by the Mi
llie euriace. Mil noies are piacea so ican under-hosses. and while of course
mistakes have been made. t':ey have
not lieeil Vcrv imnnrlnnl r ccrinnu
maKing coniatt wiui
the- organization is kept
..I... . ; ,as to prot.ure a minimum transporta-
un ine east n ...i. -Mtion of waste ; nline.
the later anue- An ore below the 700 or Pouvenir The great advantage of this policy is
runnel level is at present noisieu at that
site.
M is immediately in this aiulesite
that the Crescent vein outcrops.
These outcrors yield assays averag
ing $ti.n in gold per ton for a dis
t?nce of S00 feet along the strike of
the vein. Mr. Pierce U confident that
this strong ore shoot will be entered
by drifting from 75 to l."0 feet.
the ;
the !
automobile.
carriage and wagon painting. Old Ma
son Building, Lowell.
IF YOU DO SABE
ASK ART
ANYWAY
LOWEST PRICED CLOSE-IN STOCK IN THE JEROME DISTRICT
GREAT VERDE EXTENSION
17 1
r iiiai
Two hundred thousand shares of GREAT VERDE EXTENSION COP
PER COMPANY were 6et aside by us, out of ot.r own holdings, to be
sold at FIFTEEN CENTS, to provide a strong fund to be cpent by us
in providing capital for trie development of the Corrpany'3 property.
A good portion of these have already been sold. Because o the limited
amount remaining, we" mut reserve the right to reject or scale down
any and all subscriptions. This is the final announcement.
These shares are full paid and non-assessable, and deposited in escrow,
subject to the requirements of the ARIZONA CORPORATION (Elue
Sky) COMMISSION. The par value is TVENTY-FIVE CENTS a share.
W. Faul Geary, who retired from that Commission January 1st, is Pres
ident of GREAT VERDE EXTENSION COPPER COMPANY.
cf the shares or
''cr.. ar.d economical management.
nr
1
Ammw
Pi
OF
fir S
IN A STRAIGHT
LINE- ZYq.
ARKANSAS ANAR!ZONApa ffitjM f i5-
I United VkJ J TH
VERDE COPPER I M' coMREAf" ?
COPPER 'M A COMPANY f fM V.glfiDEj
CMPANY Z r ,J COPPEH.CCV V
A xrr Hy&x , xZ. fLLm2 0jefoMe-jum3o
odf4 yeV VT"NG X copper co.
t'H'Ctl-
the Guadaloups shaft by three-ton cally Intact: t!ie people during such;
skips, working in balance. It is clump- periods have been kept Tmsv and 1 1... i
ed into bins located above tJie 700 employees nr.d their families have
level and from there loaded into rail- been fed, and at no time has the prop-;
road ears. Alotor haulage for ore and ertv heen damaged. j
waste has been installed on the evin The company also owns and oner.:
numbered levels, that is, every two ates a large ranch of several thousand
acres, upon which is kept a herd of:
from ten to twelve thousand cattl".
These cattle constitute the meat sun-J
ply for N'acozari. Pilares and the sur-j
rounding country. i
The company also cms f evens! !
mines and prospects out;d of the!
property above mentioned, hut these
owing largely to politics? conditions in,
jwexico at the present time, are not in
operation, with the exception cf sepi"
develonment work.
At Nacozari is located the gener:)'
mechanical department with complete
, shops for railroads, mill and mines
Also the timber framing mills, where
j timber is framed for the mines pnd
! plants. Hero also is lora'ed the niair
power plant, where electric nower N
; generated for the entire operations
Three miles away, in the mouinai'is
a large concrete dam. cor.stru''te t
several years ago, where water fr a"
necessary purposes is impounded
conducted to the seat of operations bv
laree pipe lines.
The operations at N'acozari eiun'ov
about one thousand men. and at Pib'
es about two thousand. The cr-mTV!"
has built hospitals, club houses, eon
schools, and dwelling houses for tli
acconimodati-iu of its emnloyees qn'1
their fam'lies. Parks and nat''o- also
have been consfucted for their pie-is.
lire. Moving picture shows are re
lil.irly riven in tc cl"b houses, wh'''1,
are also eiiuipned with billv-rd ar-'
pool fables and other ennies.
Without quest ion the orienin." n
and brineing to a state of suci sf"
prodiK-tion these veveral oner:ti"n
tnvolvinr an eynendituro of many mil
tin o d.'dtnrs. o'.n rn'tir vcrv di-1
couracing coiid!,ions. pot'ticaltv an-'
ise. reflects ri-eif cri '"t "rw-
the mnnagemert and men in cha"T
and they are certnirtv io 'ie eon,;ra'ii
la'ed upon the resvlts obtai::ed.
It roes without saying. iV-i ''e
company's operations have been
Treat blesf iuc to the tieoT!e Vr.rt'
ern Sonorii. contritiu'ing as i' does i"
a very large wav to the tr-"s cf ti.
state and supporting a toia! of abn-t
ten thousand inhabitants
The orticers of th M')cp''n'i f'.
per Company are: .1 S. Vi"iav
General Mana'.'er: H. T. Uapr't'er.
Assistant Genera! Minncor: (. 1
Sc'iultj;, (leneral S'iperintenrtent V
K. Mashburn. Snnerlnfnnd"nf of Mm
five Power; K. lbickley. Mi!l Piiperi".
tendent; ?.'ctenry 'osief SiTpe-in-fendent
of Mines: 11 H. Rietter. Gen
eral Foreman: A. More a;id H. V
Pelton. Division Foreine'i: G. S. Davis
t'hief Engineer; Dr. Wooley, ('hie!
Surgeon.
The officers of Phelps. Dodge & Co..
the parent company. arer Dr. Janie.-j
T)ouglas, President; Walter Tioucl-.'s. j
Vice-President and Managing Direc-j
tor: Stuart W. French. General M:-;i-aeer;
Alexander V. Dye. Assists"!, j
General Manager. Consulting Staff:
Mechanical, Charles I.oGrand: Met;il
lurgical. August Sandherg; Mining
Joseph P. Hodgson.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
Phone 23.
BIG
n
5 i
1 ml
of the famous
GORHAM PATTERNS
Chantilly Etruscan
Clcrmcnt in Single pieces
and beautiful Mahogany
Chests.
Also
The International Silver
Company's line of beauti
ful Hollow Ware.
See Window Display
Get My Prices.
L. L. GILMAN.
HE1NO & KEANE
(Cleaning, Pressing and Re-
TI'K M . lM' KS.VM. A I ?.!llt frorr SS tct
Ail work done on the premises
by Union Tailors.
Phone 677, Johnson Addition.
O. S. Wakelirg E. M., of the ARIZONA MINE SUFPLY COMPANY, is
Vice-president and Managing Director. H. H. Major of Phoenix is
Secretary and Treasurer.
James W. Hubbard, just resigned as Superintendent of DUNCEE
ARilONA, is the fourth Director, and the fifth is W. B. Yorick, C. M.,
a successful Canadian trine manager.
The standing and cbility of these Officers and Dir;ctor3, each an en
tirely p.-aciica! a-.d capable executive (and in position to give personal
st'.er-tion to the Con-.pny c bu.'iness) is "a moral guarantee to buyers
rrrAT et r r- tr r- t r ,.i r i a i . i - i ' ' 1 1 1 ' ' "
ir i v . f . , u. LAitnivii oi a camoeienc, euici
MILES LONG.
r b. c-i
iv;-w
COw '' ' '- r :i.. r.n,! HraV
H t-1 i . . r f -tni t
i'l .j lf.- .. ' e i'M SVvTHH
K tf n." i- :. l . ii i .. i,t j
i
CATARRH
OFTKE
ni r r r r
in A M-..r-l
Tiew.re of chl: ' 'friijt
EYE NERVE GLASSES
OR. R.
.'ernianen'Iy iccattti
ia r.U'bte. excei't
Mond iys in Douglas
Room 1. Maze
C'.uMing.
GLAZE. Neurologist.
Phone 16.
o.
K.
LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO
Robert I 'eneisey, P;-cp
51 t
NEW
EDELWEISS
CAFE
under new management
new prepared to ?:-rvs tlieir
patrons with the bet meals in
the district.
Quick Service,
Prompt Attention
Brewery Gulch.
CiTY PARK TAILOHS
make your next suit. 300C
terns to pick from. Under
city park.'Bisbee.
Urspectf uily Sbllcits Vo-jr
Patronage
FHONE 53
pat.
new
MANY MINING
If you have fo'lowed tre happcnii'gs of the pait ti'O months in the Je
rome District you know, better than e can tell you, why the GREAT
VEF.DE EXTENSION is everywhere jaid to be "NcXT ON THE
LINE."
Look at this map. Note the six shafts in a straight lire. United Verde
has paid over ?10,(i00,000. . I'NiTh'.D VLKDK KXTKNFION has Uc
richest body of copper ore ever discovered, and is earning some $600,
00C a month.
No'V fhc DUNDEE-ARlZONf rot only has the ore in the shaft, but is
reported Supt. Hubbard, to have a great "steam ihovel" deposit cf
four to si ier cent ore on the surface.
Directly to the east, a few hundred eet, is GREAT VERDE EXTEN
SION "next on the line." ann experts say the depooits of DUNDEE
ARIZONA are plainly traceable on the sjrfnc. through he interoen
irg grourvi of UNITED VERDE EXTENSION, into this Company's
property.
Now. recall that it was testified in Court that the UNITED VERDE
EXTENSION acquired its eastern ground, (.which otli'-ics GFEAT
VERDE EXTENSION) because of the ASSUMED TREJU'D OF THE
OT.E BODIES IN THAT DIRECTION.
JEROME MAP FREE
Mj'I iit. krui:
Di'tri' t :jtii1 a c
.sUIl;c
Str-ci
Town and i-tatc . . .
jur 1'Hi u; ir.'p ol .Ir-rr-ruc
,.y n "l"f,,i,cr Doll. iT'i. "
JEROME MAP FREE
Great V
AGENT
E1SEEE
and
DOUGLAS
A. C. Anderson
in Edward's
P.cal Estate Office,
Muheim Building,
Brewery Gulch
Phone 207.
erde
Then, I'ep in rr.ind that Clum.-.t & Arizona interests have a force of
e;ghty men sinking a three com.-.artmcrt shnft cn the "GADSDEN" just
to the south, that adjoining them, farmer Gov. Tackcr L. Orld'e and
associates are making reaoy to develop the JEROME-DEL MONTE,
and to the north Mclin 'E. Fra;icr is developing' th; JEROME SU-'
PERIOR.
Next, remember that GREAT VERDE EXTENSION CO"PER COM-r-'ANY
has r'0 debts, owns its orcnerty free from any encumbtrar.ee,
and that there are in the TP.EASURY 1,5G0,0C0 shares, none of which
have been offered fr sale, ror --ill be at less than THIRTY CENTS.
THE FIRST OFFERING OF THIS STOCK WILL BE ON MARCH 1st.
Ttiese are your reasons for buying these shares withoyt hesitation at
FIFTEEN; CENTS. It ir: a real chance of repeating the great profits
thsi have been made by those who had the good fort-jne and judmen.
to buy the shares of adjoining properties zt a similar price i.n the past
tvo years.
No one questions the wealth tl. i' Jerome copper prpperties will make
stockholders for years to come. The only question is which property i i
going to make a mine? If the above statements do not concince, come
and Icok at the property. "Seeing is belirvirg. '
MAKE ALL CHECK5 TO THE BANK OF JEROME
YaiMns k Ber gqulst
Quality Jewelers
The'". Best Opticians
BANK CI" JEU"Mt. Jrrr-mp, Atloiiu.
.1M7.
Cro!'-n:cn: Herewith fcii $. fur shares
,f tl o cupital stork of ;!!' AT Mlim-; EXTENSION COrKIt "()..
or,e:l by I'ip firoa Verdi" Kxi'-nsi-.n Syndirate. ami dcni: UOtl in lru.--t,
!n!.Tin;ime s-nuin? nn- a Tnii.tre
ii. r tho shares vhen the ru:.t is t
Shares are $ I.Veu
SSil Shares r .;7..'.l
Sinrcs jut 7.". ')U
l.tMMt Shares nre ir.n.'tl)
r,.((0'J Shares are T.'.tl.on
111.000 Snares are l."u(i.(i0
I'ereint, which v-fil be ridianred
nnin.ited.
USE TH!S FORM
TELEGRAPH IF AT A DISTANCE
t
(Continued From T'ase. One)
New Plant in Oprrtijn
Thn new plart at lite proper y ef
the t'uluuiet a Jeronip eenipany in
;he Jeni'iie rupper ri'-Id. whs pi:e-rfl
in e:iit:!is'iiim ! v il.ivs ro ;m:5 i
v. rVim n:it i.-!;n tartly. H e,;isil.; .).
;i ".'.Vi',uM'.ior e'i:;': e t''..;t -zt n;T
H'f.' lp tri.-ity m ;i eo.- . iii to !ie
eon.-ifte.ah!.v liv.-r than 11 c ;,;!;!;'
'or pleetrieal i' i r-;y ! vie; hy th !i
chI 1-ioh it ' ir.i:ian-. ; ; 1 1 ' iioro -power
!:.isl ha-, ;ti2 iiit n ap.-M'ity frur.i a
depth of I'U'iO f.-.-t . Mid :ii Jt-uiitl filr'
eouipressor. (in rations i:i tl.e . .,.:.
iiai.y's .(-onipai t j.h r t si. ait Hie ;;"". it
1- cti-i-uiiil'-fl hy the iiiai-bii." -i'j -uient
and are piores.i't'r; imt h enre
rapidly limn loir.ierly. Tie- ohi.'i-in i
of the shaft j, a depth oi li.oii f.'e'
where it is helieverl lee . rn -Hi 'iit
'opper-filphide nr.- r,if- v. : he ph.
leicd. Tie- L--1 i.-nbi!'. ;ti- i .irii ;
M Sebvsh o lavs u" r.'TS rf t"u''.t
rtirt. iV .'cre::ie rhair;;. h.iviBj takin
er a sulr.-tantial niinnrity in'errt
lol'.o'A ing a report cn he priipo'ty
marie hy Renpaimn rill?s. rnin-vr-i:i7
ri'pri'siTCiijip (1f ti), fr.;t ;ie:i
onei. fijiirs wii! ar:i - .it the mine
in a lew days to outline t'ie plan ni
develoie ii lll to he lotlnwe.l at lb -pill.
Three i hilt;, of ii'in' is eern'ty
won t cm the je-h ul tl.e ptoferty ul t'ie
Silver r.elt 'oiisoliriite..l enmpany.
where a body nf hiirh niilr siiver
!eld ore was npel'.eil a fev day.-: n:-..
The ere is the eentiniiaiioii of that
viered in the Arizona mu, the j.oin
"f its diiicovery bein lers than .".'"1
;oet lrom w !:erp t!ie Arizona nia?j- ;e
leent is I'.iir.itip an;! li-illms (ire ta.st
It silver lead mi uttiites ha-. iUc
i Ke of ii(.ifi per t-rlo.-ul U(.
Two iiaystreaks. epan;,: y a
ll'ie tro':i :: to ti I'er-i tile, .-'re hei'";
I The HALLM!RK X ore i
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best oi everythins at reasonable a Ia carte prices.
A Special 50c luncheon daily. Also 5 1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:50 p. m. Regular Board by the month. $40;
$ 1 0 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER -
Correspondents: Paine, Vv'eber & Co.,
Boston. Duluth, Calumet.
Loan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTErmON GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
MA!N OFFICES Room 3 Shea Sr.i!ding JEROME, ARIZONA
1 "!o,;-l in Mi. 1'iiion riv
' t.'in ' (' to 1 1 i". I.,.
'('! of tin . .-.
olio i o( w I,,, . L. ii, ,
value of $leo per ton in
V l. I IS
if.ilw '
' jvf ra i: r-ilve.o!il.
-c -r i ; '.a
V
T. I
A LITTLE TALK CN LL1 VEER
te.ay put you in the way ef cav
ing a loi of money t ime ami
have it with i. We wan: to
ptovrt to yuu hew the bf.-: lum
ber is the cheapest at the start
i:: vtU aa in the end. AVo e.in
li. ;l. snow o'l the nbvMeal litf
I'.'uueo betu.in poor iiul tic
test lumber lor we do not
nar.dio any but the latter pa!.
ity.
Bisbcs Lumber Company. inc
rtriS "TW yjhrtrri mil .iiiiir:
hit,h at jU0 i.er ton
t ov ri t c'
OljflMt P
i THE.BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 25, 1917.
THREE
SO CIETY
SOCIAL CALENDAR
Monday Musical club V. V. C. A.,
March 5.
Woman's League. March 7.
Ladies of Elkdnm. March 7.
,M. E. Aid. Mrs. Leonard Warming
ton. March 1.
Round Dozen Club, Mrs. Charles
Pailoy. February 2S.
. Womnns Club. March 2. literary.
Tteptist Aid. Parsonage. March 1.
Baptist Sunday School, Mrs. V. H.
Cooper, March 9.
Soiree Club, Mrs. Charles P.ear,
March 9.
St. John's Cuild. Mrs. F. R Bennett
March 1.
Twentieth Century art, tea, Y. M.
C. A. March 9.
The Monday Musicale which was
scheduled for last Thursday was post
poned on account of illness of the
ircinbora and will b given in March.
An elaborate and beautiful program
has been arranged.
Mrs. Ft. E. Kohler or El Taso, is a
visitor in Bisbee. and renewing ac
quaintances with her old friends.
Mrs. C. C. Mitchell entertained with
a luncheon at her home on Quality
Ki'i Friday. The table was decorated
in rut flowers, and the covers marked
by" almond boxes and place cards r.p
TToprinie lor comnienioraling the
birthday of George Washington. A
tVliciw.s seven couise luncheon was
Ft rved c-onclnd'ns with cherry pie .
rnd whipped mam. Miss Louise
Wiliiains was the Sliest of honor mid
received a beautiful hand embroider
ed rr.ron. Covers were laid for Miss
Williams. MesdiMiico F. L. Williams,
C. II. Hur.t, A. 15. Kithardson, Albert
Si!, et.'.. Llovd. W. i: Oysheer. T. F..
Houston, Miss Kufhtyn Hipp and 'ho I
hostess. 1
... j
Miss Murtaush was complemented !
by a dinner r.nd a dnucini; pany t;i - j
mi at the Country Club Saturday even- :
The table was decorated in cut i
flowers and a delicious seven course
dinner served to seventeen. At nine
o'dec ktlie guests for the evening ar-1
rived and dam-ins was enjoyed until i
niidnuht Fruit punch was svrvcfi
throughout the evening.
...
On Tuesday afternoon at the Y. M.
C. A. the Twentieth Century Club will
give a patriotic proeram. under the
supervision of Mrs. Ilanip Cochran,
'hnirmnn of the literary department
of the club. The following program
'v ill bp siven:
Washiuirto nnnd I incoln. Mrs. C.
W Alh-t: Benedict Arnold. Mrs. Ceo.
Cobb: Major John Andre. Mrs. A. W.
FngerWler: Nathan Hale. Mrs. O. A.
Fnrerlder; Jean tVArc. Mis. Trenhani
tar Sr-aPL'l.tl Uanner. Mrs. C. W.
Ruth; Stafie of Liberty. Mrs. Willis
'ones; Our Flag, Mrs. C. H. Hicks:
Lincoln's GeMvsbrrg Address. Mrs.
M. P. John; Origin of dicTe Sain
Mrs t'onwell: Captain. My Captain.
Mrs. Pwh'ht I'vivv and Open Forum.
...
Mrs. Lynn of Warren entertained
with a tea al her home on Tuesday
to honor Mrs. Pyniock. Sr.. and .Mrs.
''ompton. Sr.
...
The Parent Teat hers Association of
the Central School held an interest
ing meeting Tuesday evening. In ac
cordant" with the movement for a
week tif national singing, a number
of good old songs were Riven and
creatly enjoyed. A short musicale
was appreciated. Among the num
bers were a solo by Miss Marguerite
Watson, accompanied by Miss Flor
eiKe Watkins. a discussion of preva
lent diseases by Ir. Dnrfee and a vio
lin selection by Mr. H Hindis. Sand
wiches, c:ke and collee were served
to the members and the next meeting
was set for March 20.
Mrs. I.. Reed was hostess to the
I'.apiist Aid at her home on Thursday
afternoon. Following a short busi
ness meeting chicken, raisen and pi
mento sandwiches, an:;el cake and
devil food ca'ie. roffee and tea were
served and a social hour enjoyed.
These present were Mesdames W. K.
Oxsheer. K. J. Harris. E. A. Plunkett,
G. II. Firanaman. II. E. Morgan, O. W.
Ifarshaw. K. M. Pitman. W. II. Cooper
K. S. Tarbox. W. G. P.ryan, O. U
Mathena. I. M. DradUy, W. Douglas.
The net hostess will be Mrs. C. tl.
Rrnnaman. and I lie mectine will b
.t lli.t parsonas-c.
Miss Muri.-l O'Ni-ill who has been
iUiie ill lor the hisi week, is improv
ing mhI will be out shortly.
...
Mrs. T. E. Houston will entertain
he Dorcas Club at her home Thurs
day, March 1.
...
Mrs. .Vrnstrong entertained the St.
John's Cuild at her home Thursday
-fteinoon. The home was decorated
;n Rags red hatchets, miniature cher-
tre:-. and an immense cake reposed
m the c. nler or the tastefully decor
ated table, and was ornamented with
cherries. Favors of silk flags and
hatchets were given the guests, and
delicious cake and tea were served to
Mesdames F R. H nnett. M. P. Johns.
N'ichols. Lynn, 1. F. Purecss. Walter
O'Malley. Armstrong. Wilson and
Miss Ouggan. Mrs. F. E. Bennett will
-ntertain the Cuild March 1.
.
Mrs. Harry Seeley entertained the
Soiree Club at her home on Tuesday
afternoon. The guests enjoyed cards,
high score being won by Mrs. James
Allison, who received a pretty lion
lion dish. The tables were decorated
in bowls of jonquils and violets. De
licious chicken en pate, salad, sand
wiches, olives, frozen pudding, cake
and c'.iffee were served to Mesdames
James Allison. James Cannon, Roth-
enberg. J. W. Scott. Tonkin, Matthews,
Livingston and George Hayes. Mrs.
Charles Bear will entertain the club
March 9.
.
Mrs. Laura U. Hart," supreme com
mander of the Lady Maccabees, ar
rived last evening and has called a
meeting for Monday, at 1:30. at the
Odd Fellows hall. Several social af
fairs have been planned by the lodge
in Mrs. Hart's honor.
The Crochet club was entertained
by Mrs. W. A. RobinsVm with a lunch
eon on Thursday. The decoration was
in red and white, and appropriate for
George Washington's birthday. Ths
covers were marked by silk bags, red
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take LAXATIVE BROMO QUININE
tablets. Stop the Congh and Headache
and work off the Ccld. Druggists refund
money if it fails to cure. E. W. Grove's
signature is on each box. 25 cents.
hatchets and (lowers.
Cards were enjovcl in the after
noon, and the high score won by Mr-?.
Harr Seeley. vho was awarded a
Japanese tea pot. the iVnisolation tail
ing to Mrs. J. lines Malley, a piece of
aluminum ware. The guests were
Mesdames Ian Hoe.-ch. M. C. High,
James McKenna. George Hayes, James
Malley, .1. P. Powers. Thomas McCin
nis. Arthur Lewis. Harry Seeley,
James Allison and Richard Melntyre.
Mrs. Manross entertained the Bap
tist Sunday School class at her home
Friday evening. The party was the
opening Of the contest, which Is to
raise funds Tor the building of 'a new
church, and the winning side will he
entertained by the Risers. A musical
program was given, containing a diu-t
by Mesdames Perkins and Nelson,
readings by Mesdames Bradeley and
Branaman and a piano selection by
Miss Manross. Cake, candy and coffee
were served to the guests. The next
hostess will be Mrs. W. H. Cooper.
March 9.
The election of officers of the Twen
tieth Century club was held at the Y.
M. C. A. Tuesday -,aftei noon. The
election was called at -this time be
cause 'jf the request of the federation.
Mrs. E. J. Flunigan was re-elected
President. Mrs. Allie Wilson, first
vice president; Mrs. C. W. Ruth, sec
ond vice president: Mrs. John Mul
eahy, recording secretary; Owen
Ootids, corresponding secretary, and
Mrs. C. W. Allen, treasurer. The pres
ent officers will serve until Septem
ber, when the new regime will be
ushered in.
...
Last Tuesday the Twentieth Cen
tury club was entertained with the
hostesses being in charge of Mrs.
Neeper. An interesting program was
arranged, in which the club president,
Mrs. Flanigan, read the biannual. A
solo was given by Mrs. Becker, and
an enjoyable reading by Mrs. Teufert.
Cherry pie, whipped cream and cof
fee were served to the members.
T
On Monday evening at the Y. W. C.
A. the friends of Miss Asnes Perry
tendered her a shower and dancing
party. The shower was a complete
surprise to Miss Ferry, who received
a number of beautiful gifts in linen.
silver and cut glass. Dancing was
enjoyed until a late h'.iur. and delicious
refreshments served to the guests.
...
(Continued on Pase 3, Main Section
Going Through Bisbee
Shops i Noticed That-
5?
The shibboleth for the spring here
is soilness, sli in lei hiss ;ind yonllilill
ll ess.
The straight line, wiiti one or two
slight deviation-, i- the unreel line
On evening gnwn-i, the . desii-ner.
Worth, hangs li iins. l.n:1 Mid lull.
Some afterini'iii towi:- .-.how the
Dutch, or straight cut imk, uilh Ion-'
sleet ei.
Emerald i-ieeii is a las'.fiMiinM.
shade fur spoils suits. Ci nieiit gray
Robins-egg blue, tin rose. .Hid ii:it.
are also leading shades.
The shaping of the sleeves this sea
son will reflect tin- barrel ssirts.
Replacing the Gectg.lie crepe this
season is Mexieana cloth, a line chif
fon with a drawn work snipe.
The new .fire shade is now called
Fleiiry red, alter tin- famous battle
field of Fh uiy.
flliil. Mutters ;"., I. I'rifS, S'jllll'l iill.S
iliese ill -.i. iis are ci.i.l.i.eii .o .iie lx,r-
M-r. ' 1. ich i i ii:' ! , i'i, mi inf .
ShaniiMig. so !..-'iieii.ih!e now. is
striped in I'i.- iiiiiii. I t.ilois, ;.r,d em
broidered III nieitv dots.
Ti e irniklci! Kl .iki Kool, not sat-i.-li.
d v. Jh its last si.i.oe's beauty,
is sliowi ii.' a j.H-M i.ird I'esimi and tie
v. ii'. ! I i.r --ti i'.e
('in'. - on t'lih totr.iiis and -ilVs is
;i fawr-d t'esikn.
'I'M -e an- pla'd ; ; i.d il'.etl.s Mid al:
-o;is of (i:i. I'll ' cmc ns this sprirn?
Both Mlk and veil Jersey are
is.il. In I., ih in. l. i la I s .strio" pre
lotailia'e.
In general, delicate shades r.nd dain
y pMleins have vanished. It's now a
-plash of brilliant color, and the most
taring of designs.
You can recognize the first of the
tiring olors: tiny almost knock you
Silk Jersey cloths come in for morel town with their ividness flame red.
popularity this year than ever, though I Spanish gold. Royal purple, emerald
some have new patterns, woven in ar I rr-cn. and pun.pfcin yellow is only a
almost invisible stripe, and in cm- few of i hern a healthy complexion is
trasting shades uf blues, blacks and really a necessity.
roue. :
j There are son.e few shades that
Checked silks are used for long r.ie u-eil le.r evt ning and afternoon
sashes, drapes, cutis, collars, high thai are si 'ri-v. iiat subdued -periwin-telts
and other trimming- of phiiu k!e i,i i . i. a grH n. cylamr-n pink, the
silk, or plain Georgette dresses. leather te'i' s. ecru, beige and chain-
. ' panne so you really don't have to go
Handkerchh fs are bordered with to the pn:;.pkin I'.' Id if you don't wish
checked silk, Linen collars and cuffs to.
are also checked. '
j The new skiit is the barret, really
Among t'ue choice- colors of the ' a p' g 'op. which bulges at the hips
spring is the deep new yellow, sii'-h ; a id growi narrow at the hem.
as that seen in tapestries and church i
vestments. If is successfully repro- I Every womfln knows that there is
duced in soft taffeta and satin. nothing more convenient than to have
'a separate kirt In her wardrobe it
For e'epant street and calling cos-1 is math- with a belt of, the same nia-
tumes, a soft shiny gray material is
desirable.
Summer linens and cotton voiles
are adorned villi colored designs of
terial and has novelty pockets.
Again the elusive waistline, one
musi look hard to find it. hut it in
no in ji:st the right place.
Paris sViris meruit- one and cne
!ia!f inch aftu nd the bottom, not onfl
ini h nioie, ami : how lb? h.iriel 'V-lioiielie
There is a rumor that the kiinun?.
leeve will be in use aya.ii.
yport blouses wiih ' Inn collar"
ufis ate mm h worn.
I'.'oe.ses with the Norfolk style are
favored, and ihe chemise blouse. iv
en sp-cial prominence.
Spoil means comfort, nr.d r-port
renns youih. so these two join and
form our new silhouette.
All pulls and ruffles are pressed
fiat on the sir.-et clotl.in?.
We see eay buttons sewed on to
o -rimes with bright thread.
Et. .broideries and beads are trira
niligs for 1 1. .- -ipriug gow ns.
Among the mult-rial-:, twills, vel
ours. Jerseys, shantungs and tussata
v.-ill be more popular.
WWW
GOlNfrl- GOlMC-'! GONE"!
I WAS somewhat peeved
LAST NIGHT. George get '
SENTIMENTAL about my hair
AND I told him that having
NICE HAIR was a duty
BUT THAT having something
L'NDf S THE hair was in a
MEASURE A privilege
AND I felt myself
IN THE privileged class.
I BELIEVE that men don't
THINK OF anything but a woman's
LOOKS, BUT I thought
GEORGE WAS different
Yours for beautiful hair.
JUST WRIGHT SHOES
Complete line of these famous
shoes, just arrived. Mi)'rs Shirt Sc
Hat Shop. Adv. 309
jL 'JL .
: A K
X .Jits- o . ' Vv...Tk. j4hMr
-s. p ATTc-
- -i - ' , , a
1- mm UJiM m , : nail
f 3T
XD now Mary rick ford can forget
alut submarines and passports
and once again enjoy life iu her
own country, the land of the
stars and stripes, real pies and baseball
games, the home of the free and the
brave, for "Little Mary" is back in the
good old I. S. A., where nhe hopes to
remain for a long time to come. For
many years she has traveled o'er the
map, regardless of bursting bombs and
poisonous gases. In India recently she
t-jk a very active part in an uprisinj.-,
in which many were killed. From the
banks of the Ganges to the wind blown
fields of Scotland's heather is a lonv H
trip, but the "World's Sweetheart'' did
not mind the change of climate. Prior
to her experiences in India she was
seen in various different countries in fj
dieated on the foreign map, including if',
Japan, Holland, Alaska, England.
France and Italy.
Of course iu speaking of Mary's trav
els around the man we refer to the
motion picture map and speak of her
reel life rather than ber real life. The
uprising in question .took place In the
Artcraft film, "Less Than the iJust,"
while her next picture, "The Pride f
the Clan," disclosed her in the land of
tgl kilts and plaids. And now In "A Fooi
SU Little Rich Girl, the well know n story
by I'.leanor Oates, which has also prov
ed a big stage success, Mary appears
an..!., no IK.. 4 n.,.K....n ..l.ll.l i . I
vie - afe.uii luc .iiuriimu eilllu III
I . .
uir ut-wesi Anmii picture, tiirecteo
by Maurice Tourneur, after npjiearlng
ia roles of foreign countries for many
months.
Wit) 1
l ftJJLLJ it kVfsfeiJi - V 5
"
0 Wt
. t v7.vt
h1 t'f i?i
r . i, t
, ' wavy -:.'.
I v
i i
. -A
. f V
:J 0 1
V . I I W v -
" """tM
- v i " - " " FOUR
THE BiSBEE, DaILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 25, 1917.
GOLD ROAD OPENS NEW
ORE RESERVES IN ITS
PROPERTY AT OATMAN
Development in that Mine for
Last Few Months Resulted
in Great Increase in Ton
nage for Claims.
OATMAN, Feb. 24. "If any of the
newer properties had discovered and
'opened up as much ore as the Gold
Koads has during the past two months
it would be the sensation of the min
ing world," said a mining engineer yes
terday. "The Gold Roads is tOming
back as sure as the sun rises over
Gold Road hill every morning. With
milling ore opened up and blocked out
at tnree different places 500 feet apart
Along the new vein, it is only a ques
ton of time when the mill will be re
opened. If this ore body was located
on any other property there would be
a rush from all over the adjacent coun
try to see and hear about the wonder
ful strike."
A visit to the Gold Road property
is all that is necessary to confirm the
above statement There is an air of
hopefulness, optimism and enthusiasm
prevading the entire landscape. While
no official statement can be given out
at this time, yet it is the absolute
belief of everyone working for the
company that another great ore body
is being opened up which may per
haps rival the original bonanza vein,
which wielded $6,000,000 in gold and
upward. I
Drifting is now in progress at tWj
points along the new vein 500 feet
apart and both faces are in ore aver
aging better than $10 per ton. A new
compressor and a new blower have,
been installed at No. 3 shaft in order
that better speed may be attained.
It will take at least 30 days more
work to prove what they have then?,
but if present indications and results
continue there, will be a story 'H
wotth telling to relate regarding the
old Gold Road.
Joe Onetto, one of the best informed
practical mining men and student i
the mining conditions to be found any
where, is in charge of the work. "Give
us a little time and we may have
son thing big to .alk abor.t hen? :n
the heart of the vein system Of the
entire district, said Mr. Onetio, with
a smile that conveyed the fact that he
was enthusiastic over the situation in
general. :
T
HOMESTEAD GROUP IS
! SOLD TO GROUND OF
EASTERN BANKING MEN
i United States Continental
Mining Company, of New'
York City, Becomes Owner
of Group in Walker District 1
PRESCOTT, Feb. 24. A deal for ,
. . , -.
me w.
i . 1 1 iitiliii..o ii urmi'i .ii iniui.i'nrntir.
silver mines at Walker was formally i
I
: ciosea oy leiegrapn inuisuay, me iun
tash payment being made and the
escrow agreement released by a 1 -al
banking house. Tne option holueis,
the C ni led States Continental Mining
Company, of New ork City, met the
obligation prior to the uate lor tne op-1
tion to expire and paid over the tail
cash amount agreed upon when tiie
property passed into their hands only
a short time ago.
The Homestead was presented to
the buyers by J. II. iJiioekley, their
consulting enginet r. Development prescott, Arizona. O'Suliivan & Mor
given recently has determined a re-. rarf are attorneys for the company,
markable property. Mrs. J. J. Milli- I The colnDanv. IS at, urpsent holdinc
ken, of this city, is the beneficiary of
this deal, and it was her deceased
husband who owned the property for
many years.
In taking over the property last
fail the Homestead was given general
prospecting and at one particular
point where a shaft was sunk about
80 feet in depth and a drift run there-
from an immense ore body of high
grade was cut into. II is probably
due to this fact that from prospecting
given at other places that the deal
was closed without any further cere
mony. Mr. Shockley also wiied to Pres
cott that large operations are now to
begin in an energetic manner and on
a practical basis of mining.
The Homestead was given its name
for the reason that the log cabin oc
cupied by its pioneer owner was built
at a spot on the main claim where
the rich strike was made, and within
a few feet only from the front door
at a vertical depth of less than 40
feet.
Thus, after half a century again
does this historically known mine
come into its own in making good. In
the late '60s it occasioned excitement
lor its rich free milling ores ou the
surface, and when ihe sulphide zone
was struck it suspended, nevtr to re
sume until the present operators toon
t-liargc.
sli '
and' Oeefiopnieiit Lompamiy
o Inspect Its Complete
..-
r
SEE
THE COMPRESSOR, HOIST
AND MOTOR
I'is-bff. Cr-pper Mining hiicI Drvclupment Company has a mcwlernly -rqnippffl plant tNrovpJiotit and is desirous that thc pmple of thc ar
rcn Di.slrict cc the profjrc;;s alrciidy niacin on thc property.
The plant rorisists of a 700 foot per minute compressor, a 125 II. V. motor, a diamoi.cj drill and complete huildinys. Howard A. Riley
and Company, 20 Broad Street, New York, is financing thc companv.
Come and See for Yourself.
LOME VERDE TAKES
! OVER LONE PINE AND
WiLL WORK PROPERTY
Big Dug District of Yavapai
Again Comes Into Promin -
ence Thu Consumation of
Big Mining Deal.
PRESCOTT, Feb. 2L
Announce-J
i.iunl li u !.... ti ,.ail thut tlio 1 .iiiim
en I !
. i. ...a., wv v ii iuuu.- ....... v. .... ... ..
Verde Copper
company,
... -
.rU 11 l7Pn
about six weeks to take 'over, work
: an(1 develop the Lone Pine group of
Mines and other properties in the iiig
.Hug district, has been timuiced. The
! present force of men will be added
j io at once and work pushed vigorous
ly. The company is organized with
n ranicil of Si.2fi0.000. iliviileil in.'j
j 5 w0 shares of thc r ya, of
1 per share.
'i he board of directors and ollicers
lOieist ot M. N. Andrews, president;
j. A. Jaeger, vice-president; A. L.
t. in iT li, secretary and treasurer; lienry
.jnnkinejer and 11. W. iieap, all ot
'i'.nd working a group Of ten mining
' laims and a miii site located about
14 miles north of Huron, and two
miles south of the Consolidated Ari
zona Smelting Company's plant
llumboidt, comprising an area
at
of
i. bout 200 acres. Threa of the claims,
I now n as the L'.ne Pine group, arc
patented. This property
under pre-
more than
: lous owners produced
, ? 75,000 from shallow wot kings. The
ere values, consisting principally of
gold and copper, run from $10 to StiO
iu gold, and from 15 to 20 per cent in
copper.
A permit for the bale of stock with
in Arizona was issued by the corpora
tion commission several days ag.i,
after a careful investigation of the
ompany, its officers and property.
However, no stock has been offered
: lor sale in the slate, ami it is prob
: ; ble that no effort will be made to
i sell any of it here, as from present in
dications the funas now available
from sales t'J outside parties will be
ample to put the property and com-
rany on a dividend-paying basis. The
permit was secured by the board of
directors in order thut local parties
might have an opportunity to invest
i:i this stock if they desire to do so.
; A limited amount of stock has been
set aside lr this purpose. AH stock
! i .sued iu exchan
e for the property,
jud in payment of organisation
j elites is p(vjled.
CORDIALLY INVITES THE PUBLIC
In W
."LOST" WARD MINE IS
RELOCATED BY SON OF
THE ORIGINAL FINDER
After Foity-Two Years Rich
! Mine Is Relocated Inttt-
esting Story Is Told of the
rroperty.
FLORENCE. Feb. 24. After forty -
I ...... . .1... h ..1.... -1. !...
i n u cai a 1 1 1 1 i n u 11 1 14 n i 1 iilii ii u
...inn t-...i,i .n lunnturuH '.mil ro.
1 1 1 1 1 1 t. 1IU' UVfL-ll 1 UUI III V H l ...IU .V
locaieu. i lie mine was iosi in ioio
and was found and re-located On .in-
day ot Urn neck by Juan Ward, a son
of Milton Ward, the original locator
now deceased, Abe Enemas and Lor
euzo Cruz.
million Ward came to Arizona in
157 with the liutterheld company
, which- was tnen operating the over-
land stage line from St. Louis iO San
Francinco. In ltitil this line ceased
operations on account of the w.ir and
Millou Ward drifted into other lii.ea.
fu the early scTvtities he discoicicu a
rich copper and silver ore bjdy and
exhibited specimens that ran neaiiy
sixty per ce;n copper and extremely
rich in silver.
At about this time there tame to
Flonnce one oOim W. Anderson, who
was wtll supplied with r.ai coin. An
derson financed a company composed
of himself, William Tuttle, Milton
Ward and others, and a smelter as
erected on the rher in Round Va'h.'y
near the old White house, just west
of the prest lit head gate. After the
smelter had been erected the pro-
motors of the enterprise made the dis
covery that they cOuld not smelt the
ore because they
did not have the
proper tluxing minerals and the en
terprise was abandoned. Millon had
been discrete and had not revealed
the hiding place of his fabulously rich
mine and Immediately the mine was
lost, and has bfen lost ever since un
til discovered Monday of this week.
.. 1. 1. ...... 1. U . . win ..... 1 .. t ....... I,.,
.,uou.. ii"u..'uu, """'Y. . " .
looKcii in vain i.r aru s oiu iiiiue.
Ab
Cneinas and Juan Ward were
prospecting in the Red Hills and
while talking with Lorenzo Cruz the
latter casually remarked that he
knew where there was an old aban-
doned workings and led his compan
ions to the spot, and from tr-e loca
tion and description they had of the
old Ward property, they were certain
that il was the same. Six Positions
were made at ence. Samples of ore
brought in by the prospectors are e-v
tremely rich in copper and silwr and
ex- caused quite a stampede here in Flor
ritt e, and every day has seea i;.:',v
in
.tern - " Mja m -
1 A 1
lOWOOC
SE
THE DIAMOND
DRILL
! pi ties heaue d lor the new discovery
! a.iil claims are being staked every
j nere in that kimly.
I llit? lind is about one mile vest ot
' lilt? t'n -e .v loucil wed on the Keu
liilia p.opeity, and is iu a sectiou
ueteloiore pa.-iaeu up U) piO.ireloio.
lue tendency lias been lo seal eh easi
j ot the ited liuls in a countiy that
gae more evidence of inineial. Tne
reason for net prospecting west was
probably due to the lad tnat the
country is covered wiui a Ueiisr
growth of bru.-h.
The countiy for miles alOund the
Red If i lis shows indications of run
ore bodies and it will not be surprts-
. ... . .
,1111; to me oiu timers snou il a oil? nro-
i - r
mine be develoied in that sec
tion.
INSPIRATION PILES
UP IMMENSE TONNAGE
OF TAILINGS ON DUMP
In the Treatment of 17,000
Tons of Ore Daily, Tailings
Pile Up in Tremendous
Amount.
The visitor to the Inspiration mill
iit Miami is immediately impressed
with the vast size of the accumulated
i pile ot tailings behind the series ot
dams located in Webster's gulch to
the north of the concentrator. The
size of this pile gives one a tangible
idea V)l" what it means to be treating
i 16,tMi0 or 17,ono ions of ore daily,
especially so when it is remembered
t lat the plant is only now in its twen
tieth month of operation, and in its
! twelfth month of full capacity opera
! foil.
A good conception as t'.i where this
' huge amount' of ore comes from can
be gained from a walk around the
surface in the neighborhood of the
, inspiration mine. The surface that
originally overlaid portions jf th- ore-
I body has been changed beyond all
recognition, or rather it might better
be said that in spots this surfjctt has
(.isaj.peared entirely. For instance
on tut? hillside where the Joe Rush
-naft and surface works were not to
:ong ago located, a young "grand can
'jh" greets the eye and very graphi
cally checks the impression obtained
ijy first viewing the tailing pile below
the mill.
The nil tal work shops located on
the grade at the head of the concen
'.I'alor present an exceedingly busy op
i,e;itance these days, due principally.
is said, to the fact that it is at pres
nt next lo impossible to obtain d,
;ier;es on emers t'r the performance
nuns n
i uiaraon
SEE
THE GALLOWS FRAME
AND iTS ATTACHMENTS
ol si.iali quantities V1 structural steel
woiK, piaie worA, eic., such as is al
v.as iu oruer aroana a lare and pio-iv.-.--r.
ely managed concentrating
.'. M.m.iuiy iii mauuiat tuicii
jl .--tl iiiuiiuvlo are bo oMa.iipud v.ilU
a.'ao olut-rb i. tut taey iiuu It rciau.e
ly uiiuroutaoie lo accept small oruers
lor anything liKe reasonably eany de
utii. no.vf.ti, lue lii.siui anon
buops tire so equipped tual me iViu
pauy can hanule pretty Ueany au
luiiig mat tne occasion demands it.
In- metal woi'King Lue, provided u
can ouiaiii the necessary raw material
and castings.
liana are under way lor the erec
tion ot a small brass loundary in the
not distant future, and with such a
piaui in operation the company will
ue gated a lot of the delay and in
convenience incidental to sending to
Outside points lor the many suiaii
brass castings that are required iu
tne uaily operations.
An interesting division of the shops
is that department uevoted to oxy
aetyi.ne blow-pipe welding. Tne
company has recently received a large
and improved lorm oi aceylene gen
bralo'r and is now in position to make
very extensive use of this compara
tively recently adopted method of
wtiding. liy the use oi this process
heavy boiled piate can be lubricated
iu exa'etly the same way tliat a plumb
er cii.i solfier thin sheets of metal.
Formerly such work had to be per
formed by means of riveting neces
si.a:ing ihe use of punching machinery
to provide the rivet holes, as a preli
minary to the tedious operation of
heating and driving rivets. By means
of the oxy-aceylene blow-pipe a
cracked casting can be repaired, worn
spots on a piece of metal can be built
up again, a sheet of metal can be cut
as though by a saw and in fact the
range of application of the apparatus
is increasing all the time.
Work is under way on the removal
to a new location, about 200 feet dis
tant of the three big tanks that con
tain flotation oil, and arc contiguous
to the railroad trestle entering the
mill. This step is being taken prin
cipally as a precautionary measure
because should the contents of these
tanks take are the steel trestle would
be put out of commission, and the
mill's supply of ore stopped.
A Hint to the Agd.
' If people past sixty years of age
could be persuaded to go to bed as
i soon as they take cold and remain in
' bed for one or two days, they wtmld
' recover much more quickly, especially
' if they take Chamberlain's Cough
! Remedy. There would also be les3
! danger of the cold being followed by
j any of the more serious disease?.
, (Advertisement)
dpment
IA7
Remember, we give
you our own guarantee
of 4000 miles and will
stand back, oi it to the
letter, we will lso
guarantee it against
"stone bruises." a
trouble most common
in Arizona with any tire.
COCHISE MOTOR CO,
IRISH REVOLTERS ARE
SHIPPED TO ENGLAND
' LONDON. Feb. 2U It is stated of
ficially that the persons arrested in
Ireland under the defense of the
realm arts have been prohibited from
residing in Ireland and "have been
given their choice of places in Eng
, land where they may reside."
When You Have Cold.
It is when you have a severe rt!d
that you appreciate the good qualities
of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. Mrs.
Frank Crocker, Fana. 111., writes:
"Our five-year-old son Paul caught a
severe cold last winter that settled oo
his lungs and be had terrible cough
ing spells. We were greatly worried
about him as the medicines we gave
him did not help him in the least, k
neighbor spoke so highly of Chamber
Iain's COugh Remedy that I got a bot
tle of it. The first dose benefited him
so much that I continued giving it to
him until he was cured."
n
I THE BlSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORN IMG, FEBRUARY 25, 1U17.
FIVE
loub Joseph Vance
NOVELIZATION OF THE MOTION PICTURE: PLAY OF THC SAHE
trie. PRODUCED FOR THE INTERNATIONAL FILM SERVICE, INC,
LR the DIRECTION Or WHARTON,
THE CAST.
MRS. VERNON CASTLE as
Patria Channing.
MILTON SILLS as Donald Parr.
WARNER OLANO as Baron
H'jroki.
DOROTHY GREEN as Fanny
Adair.
EPISODE ONE
The Last of the Fighting Chan
nings. Down on the beaches, whose gold
broke the umber and slate monotony
of rock-girt island shores, soft winds
played. But here in the wooded up
lands the air was moveless; against
(he brooding woodland hush the slight
est alien noise attained sharp relief.
One such began as a remote vibra
tion troubling the stillness, waxed
apace in volume became quickly rec
ognizable as hoof-beats.
A horse appeared, racing like a mad
thins down a narrow bridle-path little
better than a neglected trail. On its
back, cross-saddle, sat a young woman.
Of a sudden she chose to interrupt
1 lh.il headlong flight.
Kicking a siirrup free, the girl
turned iu her saddle and looked back.
Irese:irly, round thp nearest bend,
.mother horse pounded, hard ridden
ty a yoi:ng loan with a temper.
.At s,ight of his well-favored young
face darkened by a sulky frown, the
iirl throw buck her head and laughed
tut right.
"Why. there you are, Bodney!" she stationary,-.looking keenly about him.
cried. 'Where have you been all this ,Tliou. well toward the edge of ' the
time?" jvyxtodhmd. a,, fluttering bit of white
Her banter only served to darken taught his eye and forthwith disap
his scowl. "No fair!" he protested, peared; and with a noncommittal
Irnuitig rein. "You can't call that a
race! You shot away without a word
?f wuruing!"
"Why," she said, with guilelessly
widened eyes, "you yourself started
the race!"
"I never!"
"Oh, but you did. You kuew per
fectly well I've put you on an allow
ance of two proposals per day one
after lunch, one after dinner. So when
you begin the very first thing after
Itreukfust" her jeweled wrist-watch
Hashed momentarily in the sunlight
"well, before noon, anyway you as
good its invite me to run away from
you as fast as ever I can."
He refused to be trilled with, ne
.vas very youug almost as youug as
she and took love seriously.
"Patria !" '
She mimicked provokingly his tone:
"Rodney?"
"You're only playing with me. It-
it isn't worthy of you, I'at. Surely
you must know whether you love me
or not !
"I declare I don't," she replied, a
irace more serum..
ion .ion know your own mtnu; ,
'Iu the eyes of the law I'm a minor
nnd can't know my own mind. That's
why I must have a guardian to man
age my affairs."
"Nonsense. You'll be tweuty-oue to
morrow." "But the law is the law, even when
it's an nss. How can I know my own
mind about ou when the law says I
can't? ItcaUy. Mr. Wrenn." she teased,
"you must be reasonable. Wait till
tomorrow."
"You mean," he interposed eagerly,
"you'll give me my answer then?"
"Who knows? If you can't bo pa-
iit till I'm of age a woman grown
I'll have to refer you to Peter liip
ley. You might wire him something
like this: 'Your ward, Patria ('han
ding, doesn't know her own mind,
please advise immediately, at my ex
pense.
His ill-lmmor broke down complete- j
ly. "Patria, you witch!" he cried, try- J
iug to capture her hand. J
But she was prepared for flint, nnd
too quick for him. A touch of her i
She Never Could Quit Recall
Fdicsd Ectvccn Them.
Whs
ier i'n 1 a lille.) rein Veed l-.i h
cmfr rouud in 1 '! H'."'. -. !' i t wilii.'
Imill'e vas darning lull a doea Ice:
'fl'WfWWJI
I "'"1 '. ' :' '
'k. 5 .t w -.
The Great Romance
oj-Preparedness
INC. copy.-t.cht. star connuiy
Taken a second time by surprise,
the boy swore petulantly as he sawed
at the reins. His cob resented this
ami turned awkwardly. The girl had
a long lead on the pursuit before it
was well renewed.
Kven without that advautage the
chase was hopeless. She had the bet
, ter horse and the instinct of her sex
to hoot.
' Little wonder, then, that in the
pride of fearless and carefree youth
' she rode recklessly who lored reck-
I less riding the swing of a thorough
bred ltonenth her, the long roll of
earth-spurning hoofs, the sweep of the
j wind in her fare! ...
I Without warning, all this was
changed changed beyond repair. '
Thickest trees and underbrush
masked impenetrably the nest turn
ahead.
The horse took the curve like a
sorrel thunderbolt. A human shape,
small and brownish, dodged directly
iuto his path. There waa a shock, a
shrill cry, a sickening thud. The horse
plunged furiously. Unaccountably
j 1 'atria lost control of him felt the
saddle slip from under her, dropped
b,er crop, lost the reins, grasped wild
ly at the air as she felt herself failing.
(
SECRET SERVICE.
"Fore!" .
The warning came from a distance
and was only to be expected in view
of the fact that links bordered the
woodland. Donald l'arr heard' ,hut
paid no heed. ,.
But he started and' stopped1. el'ock
still when a whitish sphere spedTilje
a bullet within six Inc hes of his nose.
For -several seconds he remataqd
grunt Parr moved toward it.
Ten yards,, and he paused again j
this time behind a sizable tree. i
Immediately ahead a dense thicket i
blotted the fair prositvct of the links, j
ate! behind this, his back to Parr, j
skulked an undersized person clothed j
in those amazingly ugly 'garments j
which the motorcyclist of today u'- i
reefs, lie was busily unknotting a
handkerchief from the eud of a stick.
Now and again he peered stealthily
over the fop of the thicket.
Beyond, on the links, four figures
were visible. Of these, three remained
In the background, two beiug caddies, J
the third a tall and slender gentleman !
in rakish white flannels. The fourth,
a man of middle age, neither tall nor
short, but tolerably stout, and com
monly well if not unsuitably dressed
for the game, appearing sedulously to
search for his lost golf ball, boldly
left the links, and without further sub
terfuge . rounded the thickets and
stopjied iM-fore the motor-cyclist, who
; greeted him with a salute of deep re-J
specL
larrs leetu ngnieneu on nis ortar. ;
ny this alone did lie hotray surpnse
if surprise it were. This closer view ;
showed him (hat golfist and cyclist
alike were Japanese, the motor-cyclist i
of the commonest caste, the other
. . . Well, it happened that Pnrr
knew the other both by sight and 111-
ropue
j He called himself Baron Huroki.
j He was the only son of a Samurai, a
i man of much influence in Tokio. and
. of vast wealth, whose great gifts as
J a diplomatist had frequently been
demonstrated in the course of a long
career as Japanese ambassador to
various Kuropean capitals. The olT-
spring of a marriage with an Knglish-
woman of title, the present Baron
Huroki had inherited all his father's
wealth, together with much of his
cunning, his courage, -nd his morals
tr lack thereof. i
Acknowledging the obeisance with
the most brusque of gestures the
bnron silently held out his hand. As
silently the motor-cyclist produced a
folded slip of paper, and placed it in
the expectant palm. Bnron Huroki
unfolded nnd scanued what was writ
ten upon the pHPr. pocketed it,
r. hipped ut a notebook, rapidly pen- J
died one of its leaves, topp this out
and eaf it to the other. Then, after
a few curt, words in Japanese, so
' guardedly pitched that Tarr could
make nothiDg more of them, he strode
briskly back to the links.
Delaying only to fold and secrete
the baron's message in the leather of
)is tap. the motor-cyclist trotted off
through the trees. i
After a brief moment of indecMon,
Parr left cover aod darted aftc I'm
Japanese.
The. path iletHiiji'lied jnio a :-I hI' )
ghtde. crosi.-ing another. At this noif
llje gods launched at fh dovoted Jni'
nnee ihejr bolf In the shiipe '.'f a
splendid sorrel saddle-horse with .?.
;iini loiing woiuho on its hack.
1'liey came together squarely. lr a
trice lie iitotor-cPclist was bowled
'i nd sin tched out unconscious,
nllel went to Ins knees. Mis
dor slio! on. oer hj, reid. I'nrr
ip just in time, and without oth-
' ? 'hoire thu to rcelve her in his
The yormg wotnnn stood before him,
Irenbliag and ouL of hrea:h, but ob
viously unharmed.
So far. good: l'::rr w:-icil im rn.re
solicitude o'i h'-r. I its japan se iv
mniLcd to be attended to.
That one lay senseless, as he had
fallen. On his knees beside the man,
a hasty examination persuaded i'arr
-that he had suffered no really serious
hurt. His cap had dropped off iu the
j collision. I'arr deftly extracted the
folded paper from its leather, rose,
and turned back to find the young
j woman, whose life he might reason
' ably be credited with having saved,
, regarding him with a look in which
considerable amusement was mixed'
with as much chagrin.
"If you will permit me," said he,
offering bis hands with fingers inter
laced. She hesitated. Amusement glim
mered again iu her eyes. The corners
of her month twitched adorably, l'.ut
with no more thun a conventional,
"Thank you so much!" she coolly
lodged the toe of a small boot in his
hands, and sprang into the saddle.
Before he could move back, a sec
ond horse galloped into the glade and
pulled up smartly. A voice of amaze
ment saluted him.
I "ronald Tarr! Well, I'll be jig
gered !
i Captain Parr swung about
' "Kodney ! he exclaimed, pleased ;
and striding over; warmly shook the j
newcomer's hand.
Behind his back the girl's voice rang
out In sharp warning. Followed the
sound of plunging hoofs. He wheeled,
instinctively whipping an automatic
from ' his pocket.
He saw her spurring full-tilt at the
Japanese. That one. it seemed, ll.nl
quietly regained his senses ami got
to his feet., simultaneously producing
a pistol of his own. But he had no i ing a countenance whose racial so
, chance to ue it; t!ie horse was uitou , ronity was perceptibly ruffled. Captain'
; him too quickly. In another breath I'arr smiled grimly into his demi
! the man had tripped and half fallen. ,tasse.
half" thrown himself bodily back; Shortly after this he got up. strolled
through n mask of undergrowth, lie unobtrusively out of the Casino and
disappeared instantly.
Without hesitation. Parr pursued
through the hindering tangle, on il
far side he paused and listened. The
Japanese had. vanished.
His eagerness to inform himself con
cerning Baron Huroki's message
would brook no more delay. Quickly
he unfolded and smoothed out the pa
per.
"Probe the private affairs of Peter
Ripley, trustee for Channings estate, ,
for reasons for persistent diserimina- J
tfon against Mexican contracts." j
By no means as puzzled 441s his
5 I
s
The Gasoline
ln, ut navp ,.,. taken to ill(U .
j rO, Tarr thoughtfully refolded the.
t u BWJV jn hjs mrd oase
w,j I(Iowod ,iirough the under
..,, tha
rr.iwth to the frludp.
The W sm therCf vj(u K((i.
nny -rPnn I
, a pur rir,irr. ;
them, "you're a wonder! If it hadn't
been for you "
"Pure accident:" Parr interrupted,
lifting a deprecatory hand.
"That dttesn't make it any the less
true; you saved me a nasty fall," tht
girl insisted cordially.
"Hell. . . ." Parr admitted with
a slrn.itlcanf look to Kodney.
"I Hi!" The latter "Hastened to rem
edy his oversight. "Permit me. Pa
fria. to introduce my friend, Captai'..
Pan . I ton, this is Mi: s t'lianniti i."
The girl leaned forward, giving coo!
lingers transiently to his grasp.
"''apt a in Parr, did say?"
"Of the regular army
Kodney i
1
Bdih-d.
"I in so glad." i'iiti'ia said wartiil ",
"doubly glad to nicet a soldier, f'ap
tain I'arr. All the men of uiy family
have been soldiers, patriots, all 1 1n
way back to lievolutiouary days. They
nsel to call us 'the Fighting ('ban
tlings. "P.Tit that's nil endcl now. :'ui th
last tf the 'hanuit'gs and a gli''.
can't fight."
Par" hitjited a liui. "I ninsru't
sail under false color." he falter il.
"The truth is I resigned my commis
sion List month."
"The deuce Will did!" U'l'hl' V rot:i
ftiellte.l. "Then I'll go bail I kno v
why."
Patria turned curiously t- him.
"Don alwn.is bad a genius for de
fective work, and army service offer
a man mighty little opportunity to
exorcise iiiivthtng like llial." Itoilnev
deliberately ignored Part's mo em. ni
cf protest. "If Donald Purr e: oi;t of
tbe army, it's .1 pipe he did it .-.l-.-!v
In enter the secret m-i' ice and Itecoino
his country's faithful sleuth!. I'.!i,
l..n iWhat?" '
if' nn. wouldn't it bo highly indis
creet of mo to admit ii ?"
"Whether or uo." I'alria came o his
rescjio "cbp oiulliing pre. cut yo'u"
I I'oniiug lo tea fids afteraoon? ' lie
Channing cottage you lucw near
the Clift' walk? . . . I lu want to
know you better. Captain I'nrr but
we're already in danger of being lute
for lunch.
CODE MESSAGES.
Parr pondered the adventure sober
ly over a lonely lunch in an incon
spicuous corner of the Casino.
Within his radius of vision were
seated both persons, aside from him
self, involved in the as yet obscure
intrigue, anil with them some others.
Not far away, deep in confabulation
Willi the white-tlanneled gentleman
who had been bis companion of the
links that morning, was Baron Hu
roki. A discreet inquiry elicited from
Captain Parr's waiter the information
that the baron's friend was one Seiiui
Juan de Lima, a wealthy Mexican.
"Probe the private afairs of Petet
Ripley for reasons for per
sistent discrimination against Mexican
contracts!
This Seitor de Lima, then was a
fourth party to the intrigue.
If any more proof of that were
needed, it was furnished by Hiiroki.
who, umiii the arrival of Miss ('ban
ning ami her party, covertly designat
ed her to 1H Lima, muttering some
thing which Parr would have given
much to overhear, and which seemed
to exert a rather incendiary effect
upon inflammable Mexican emotions.
Patria was hardly seated when a
page called Baron Iiuroki to the tele
phone. Intuition whispered to the under
standing of Captain Parr. He was
entertained by n mental vision of an
unhappy and excited little Japanese
in the dress of a motorcyclist statu- .
inering the story of a purloined mes- ,
sage into a telephone receiver.
When Baron Huroki returned wear- -
found the nearest telegraph otlice.
: where he concocted a lengthy code
, message to one Kdwnrd W. Kyley in
! New York. . : .
: The answer was delivered as Cat
! tain Parr dressed for dinner, and
caused a considerable interruption of
: I hat ceremony.
'"Kipley doesn't know Huroki, but
S;iys private advices persuade him J:i-
j pan conspires to embroil Unilcd Stales
with Mexico. As pal riot and trustee
for Channings. Uipley has repeated!'
refused of late to incept arms and
ammunition contracts for delivery in
:::: ;x :: .
mm?
1
Tank Exploded.
.Mexico. Declares his life
mysterious
ly threatened. Is worried about Pa
tria Channing, who. on tomorrow,
takes over sole ownership of Chan
ning, Inc."
LONG DISTANCE.
Without the least warning, on nn
(pulse of exasperation. Kodney Wreun
all hut lifted Patria oh" her foot, swing
ing her bodily from the thronged ball
room floor to the seniiseclusiiin of a
deep window recess masked . with
palms.
"No wait!" he insisted with per
emptory gesture when, mastering her
surprise, I'irtria drew herself up to
the full dignity of her inches ami
made as if to pass him. "You don't
got off so easily not until you've ex
plained what's come over you tonight
to make you treat me like this!" ,
"But I think it's for you to explain
by what rijjit you make a fool of me
before my guests!"
"I can't help it. I'm sorry, but
you're driving mo crazy. You don't
wear my orchids you ignore the note
I sent with fhem you've even got an
other man's roses at your waist
Parr's, I daresay!"
He paused; and Patria
was iie-iii. ai- i
,tarily iliseoiinteuaiiced. Her glance
j winced, and the boy pouueed furiously ;
upon that betrayal. I
"They are Varr's cure him! The i
fellow's bewitched you that's the
whole trouble. You've hnst your head i
you're clean head over heels ta
lo !" i
"Kodu.y:" !
i Pallia fought with herself to deny
; her anger. Bit. siitldenly with a ges
ture half of det.tair. half of rage. K.id- I
uey spareil her furl her effort turned i
tindlef her, plit:igoig blindly lurk I
across t,he crowded lloor. I
Pl'Mtnptly IVli.i forgave him. lilad j
she had beeu spared the regret sine ,
to foiiuw ban! upon aa.v exliil i.ioii of
le r temper, gl.id of a little tune alone,
she stepped quietly back llil'oii.l: the
long window opeijiiiL' on the w randa
of In r leu ie; and imnicdialclv paused
ill iliapjM.inr i. iil. n t i ielii g ll ii'e
lie pi'ixaex she hi l hoped for.
Near P. r vlml-.w tv.o r. m ,.t ..d
tall. icg. id- fa. ed her. a n:''st in'ial J
he
ligute iu cwuiiis Ui'c&o, the other, i
B . 5r
"The House of Comfort"
Continuous Daily from
1 to 11 P. M.
TODAY ONLY
Edwin Thanhouser
Presents
"A BIRD OF PREY"
A Powerful Drama of Retri
bution, by
Philip Loner gan.
"MUTUAL WEEKLY
No. 103"
King George Reviews
Troops
Paris Fashions in Colors
Baltimore Ice Gardens
Open
A Wreck on the Irish Coast
and Many other Interesting
Current Events.
MONDAY
FEBRUARY 26TH.
International Presents
Mrs. Vernon Castle As
"PATRIA"
The Last of the Fighting
Channings
The Serial Supreme
Iva Shenard and
Alexander Gaden, in
THE CRIMINAL THUMB
"REEL LIFE, No. 27"
TUESDAY
FEBRUARY -27TH
Mutual Star Features
Present
jVary Mils Mnter, Ameri
ca's S-A-eeLheari, in
"YOUTH'S ENDEARING
jiiAi-'jvr
A Beautiful St2r in a Beau
tiful Story.
Oscar and Conrad
the two famous
Fun Makers in
"DETECKTERS"
WEDNESDAY
FEBRUARY 28TH
George Kleine. Presents
Miss Eillie Burke, in the 6th
Chapter of
"GLORIA'S ROMANCE"
Hidden Fires.
William Clifford and the
Celebrated Bostock Ani
mals, in
"THE TRAP"
"SEE AMERICA FIRST,
No. 63."
:
THURSDAY
MARCH 1ST.
Bluebird Dav
"THE SIGN OF THE
poppy
With Hobart Henley and
Gertrude Selby
"THE ROOKIE"
George Ovey and that
Spells Comedy.
FRIDAY
MARCH 2ND.
Nat Goodwin, in
'A WALL STREET
TRAGEDY"
Produced by
Mirror Films, Inc.
SATURDAY
MARCH 3RD
Mutual Masterpictures
Present
Gertrtvl'? McCoy in
THE 1SLF. OF LOVE"
VVniten by
Paul M. Bryan
"IILR LUCKLESS
Scht-me"
With IVHv MrGuire.
A Vf);nc Con-icdy end
irie t
' Luijh'nfT MurK You
with back to her, a little man of fur
tive presence, oddly like the Japanese
whom Kitchener had bowled over In
the woods that morning.
She had huruiy a p tea red ly lit
window wheu the man in evening
dress nodded pleasantly, as if tenuis
Dating a casual conversation, and the
otlnr stepped, instantly yet without
apparent haste, down to the luwn nnd
quickly disapjieared amid the shad
ows of shrubbery.
The incident made little impression
UjMin her. But she Was relieved tc
see the remaining guest turn anil leis
urely saunier away.
As he rounded the farther cornet
of the house, a shaft of light from an
other window identified his profile
unmistakably as Baron Huroki's.
A light footstep sounded behind her;
she mused in dismay, striving to calm
a he::it iu panic.
I "Jlees Channing?"
i Patria all but giggiefl with the reao
i tion frou her fear lest Captain Pan
; had found her there, iu a mood all toe
I melting.
i "Is it you. Seuor de Lima? How
fortunate! I haven't had a real chauce
to speaK to you tonight, but now "
Patria was startled to find lie Lima
so close beside her; ids breath fanned
her cheek.
"Mees Channing Patria I love
you !"
"Ah, but please!"
"to listen to me. I beg you will
marry ine. I am mad about you "
"You are mad indeed, Scnor de
Lima, to imagine I'd ever marry any
one but an American !"
"You will forget that iu my arms!"
Patria uttered a slight cry. De
Lima had taken unto himself one of
her hands nnd was covering It with
kisses.
As if in answer to that cry. she
heard Pe Lima's half smothered ex
clamation of annoyance, felt her ha ml
abruptly released, and discovered Cap
tain I'arr standing almost betweet!
them.
"Pardon, Jliss Channing. but this is
my dance, isn't it?"
She laughed a little, almost byster
I -ally: "Is it. Captain Parr? Why. yes.
of course it is! How stupid of me!
You will forgive me, Setior de Lima?'
The Mexican recovered admirably,
stepping back with a bow.
'lite music ceased; their flying feet
wore stilled ; Patria awoke as from a
dream. A faint suggestion of ap
plause made her appreciate that they
j had had the floor practically to them
selves. ,
Her embarrassment was such that
she never knew just what it was she
said to Captain Parr as they hastily,
by way of another window, sought the
refuge, of the veranda. . . .
She never, indeed, could quite re
call what passed between thel'l in the
course of the next few minutes.
A footman found them with the In
formation that Patria was wanted on
the telephone: Long distance calling
from New York.
A little dazed by the conflict of her
senses, she responded mechanically.
A moment later she was in the li
brary quite by herself with a re
ceiver to her car. Then a voice fal
tered through the night, a voice most
clear, yet strangely faint, iterating her
name "I 'atria" over aud over.
She managed to make the speaker
understand that she was Patria.
""Peter Kipley speaking your guar
dian. The nation's welfare rests wiiU
you. And I am dying "
On the echo of that last word the
report of a pistol shot reverberated
over the wire, so loudly and seemingly
so near at hand that it might have
been fired in the room adjoining that
wherein Patria sftod.
Almost instauily it was echoed by
another report.
Thereafter silence ...
SHORT CIRCUIT.
Site found herself back on the ver-
antla. almost incoherently babbling to
Itotuild Parr.
"I triMl my best to get the connec
tion re-o-tablisheil. Long distance siM
there was no answer from the other
nd s iid Mr. Kipley wouldn't answer !
repeaTd rings. Something divadtul
'ed rings. Something divndful I
las happened to ,im. I '.now. I must
.i t to New York somel'.iw tonight.
' II nodded .-ympatlietically.
nod.ied sympathetically. -All I
I hat s s. -tiled. I've got a speed j
: at am hoi' in the narl-or. That j
ight.
.line!
uigl.t turn the trick for us."
"lilt. tli:,-i! you! Wait 'r
air-
iH.jai ...--"o'. .!
the:-.-- -half way
lo'M. tie drive."
"As you wish."
, "Th-ink you -"
! Sli.. .Ia''ted swiftly
' I'ai'f had j'lst broil.
io a siau'l'i.' ar ii..-
into Mi h.-.nse.
;ht the roadster
JMli'l' i'iiiicaTod
' P.i ria when niiorhfj- car. a ilmmi
j ine, swept at ri-cklcs sjit'd ilowu
'lie drive Toward tile :aTes.
I .s i passed. Parr caugiu a g!i:upse
f a p "ssen.er win. leatmig 1'io.n the
I . inn-. v., v. :- si...t:ag stu.ie itiei.-iin-;
-i!i-l:ai.le i:is(ructiotis to ihe ciiaui
' ' nr.
!:.ii iia
I -If.
I-' !;:i'oii If'ir.'ki
him
Nov.- what
c;;ll
I hint away in
j :.d ! ,-?
V- It! -I
i.fti l" pn.'.io
'' io a u.iv
I-h: that :
l;icm
Hie
;.t IV.'!1'
vas -i::
. ..'i !.
' 'e
.iron's I'.
I
! her
w.:s 1
P.-.tv!::
I,.. g,-,lte
Is Uheii
st.to.I ..
I
d r
A'
I'.elsele;.
lor Mojo
" l! I s
:-y. V!
streets of the ancient seaport, and
Parr brought the car to a standstill
on the waterfront of the inner harbor.
.' ' "'.',. :.i .1. : :.::.i'.i...-
the two ran cit ui.ot: a y:. . ci !
dock. 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 . .1 . i'o.u this to a : .lidi: :
float and thence into a small row! -oat
whose bo::f. Parr never 1-a.med.
He bent his back with a will to ihe
oars. His power ltoat was monrtl
well out, on the farther fringe of that
The Report of a Pistol Shot Reverber
ated Over the Wire.
flotilla of pleasure craft which dotted
the inner harbor with a hundred sleu
ler, wraithlike shapes of silver.
The night was clear, calm, and very
still. Sounds traveled far over its
burnished waters. Even above the dip
aud slither of Ids own oars. Parr
could hear, as he pulled, the creak of
other oar-locks; and as 'be laid along
side his speed paunch ami stood up t
help Patria lxtard it. he distinctly
heard somewhere near by the drum of
two other motors start up almost si
multaneously. Was one Huroki's? Parr wondere-I.
Was that gentleman's hasty departure
from the Chunniuz cottage but a pre
lude to a mad dash with an aim like
unto their own?
Kimiiiug forward, he enst off the
mooring, then came aft again ami.
preparatory to starting the engiue. shot
home the ignition switch.
Instantly with muffled detonation ami
brilliant flash, the gasoline tank in the
bows exploded.
Blinded, half stunned. Patria rt ele.l
back into the captain's anus, and for
a moment romaitn-d there, while ih.-.'u
struggled to recover from the shock.
But Parr was less aware of her in that
intimate position than mult! have
been expected, even the bewildering
circumstances' considered, 'r there
was but one thought coherent in the
turmoil of his mind :
The electric wiring must have been
punmsely diverted to the tank in or
der to cause this explosion when the
switch was closed.
An enemy had done this thing. . . .
Iully he heard a voice shouting:
"Mees Channing! Mees Patria ! This
way I save you !"
I'atria disef.guged from Parr's anus;
he rubbed his eyes, Uniked. and sav
another power boat standing along
side. In it. lishiug with a iMwthook
for the side of the launch, sto.nl Seuor
Juan de Lima.
With much excuse Parr thought this
rescue oddly opitortune. Then the
boat hook caught the gunwale; the two
small craft swung nearer together. Io
Lima leaned perilously out. olTorins
I Patria a hand. She caught it. jumped,
! landed safely. Parr climbed up ou the
I side and prepared to follow. But
! while posing for the leap, he saw the
water swiftly widen between hito and
safety.
Pe Limn was not waiting for hi:n.
f Very much to the contrary, the Mexi
can was deliberately pushing oT.
Parr cursed him liltcrally. finding in
this sufficient proof that the exploi..n
had been no mere accident even as
i there had been nothing adventitious
about the timely coining of Ie Lima's
boat. Patria ws wanted: he. Itonald
,,ur, .., . K.. w. ... I.,,-,.
,, 'ir.mr Th!11. V. mir!ui ...:
neither was beside the tniinL.
,;Ht tflP Mexican's stratagem failed
ia f, upsh( Parr IaUi.h,M, ,,,
,. , . Lm;1 jrn , k , r,.m..r ,..
cockpit of his vessel anil find himself
tioj.e to nose with a small but decid
edly w icked-looking pistol In Tnft-ia a
bund.
With a scream of mingled fright atvf,
surprise the Mexican dropped the boat
hook and toppled backward. The har
Iht ftM.k him to its bosom, tlreaf and
greatly satisfying was the splash
thereof. 4
Putting up her pistol. Patria seized
th bonthook and with it bridged tli
yawning gap. Parr Jumped, and fell
iu a heap al her feet.
He wasted no precious moments in
efforts to salvage the Jettisoned con
spirator. lt Limn had fairly cartvl
his ducking; when sufficiently mesry
if floundering nUiiit and shrieking for
help, when his strength failed ami he
went uutler, it would be ouly to find
footing in waist-deep water.
And so it fell out. Sturiing the cu-
cire. Tarr grasped the wheel and
-ti.-tp ! a true course out from th
meliorate To his immense grntifict
ti"T. the honf proved f.i he a fast otic.
.stern a pailu-thv env dutndie-1
rapidh : Setter Juan tie l.itnn standing
h'llf out of water, alternately learn;
lis hair and llne:it"tiiti; bilt iea eti
vitK ia i-i-orated rt. It's piij'if
rightly iiirnn oeij bv fto- gl-ir of -i
juruig power launch.
(END OK ni!T lH'!;',.'l.'rJ. !
f 1
i
I
I
j . SIX
THE BISBEE DAfLV REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 25, 1917.
i
1
i
'i
!
8
3
5
1
New. Spring GINGHAMS Now Ready
tk yard 12V2C and I5c
GLASGOW, A. F. C. ami FOILE DU NORD cine Kims !:i a will? nssrrl
niciil of plain color-, m rif -:. cnecks and plaids in a big v;:ri. ly of color.;
- ypleudid values ai tie van 12' 2 and 15c
- Also ANDERSON S IM.-UKTED GINGHAMS. 32 in t. -x wi.U- in plain,
stripes, meek ami plains -.lit yard 3r'c
New Leather HAND BAG Priced
at $1.95, $2.50, $2.95, $3.95
Combining smartness and
moderate prices for genuine
distinction with unusuallv
leather bags. FJin and kid
leathers lined with fancy silks and fitted with purse and
mirror novelty shapes.
EASY
TERMS
IF-
DESIRED
0wmi mA
"ACME" Adjustable Dress Forms are
just as necessary in the home as
m irnr Y..'
a sewing iriacnmc rnc
$8.50--$X6.50--$X3
- on easy Terms if you wish
We have placed in stock an assortment of
"ACME" adjustable and collapsible DRESS
FORMS. We want to emphasize ai this time
that there are many makes upon the market,
but the "ACME" is one we know and are able
to fully recommend to our customers for entire
satisfaction in all the features desired in a dress
form. (This form was awarded 'Gold Medal'
at the San Francisco Fair.)
Many women 'iave been compelled to Rive rp
home dressmaking on account of not being able
to lit themselves properly.
An ACME KOR.M will represent "YOU" in fit
ting, making over or repairing a dress, and if you
Vould onlv realize the wonderful saving of time
and patience a dress form would be. you would
not hesitate one moment in- deciding to have one.
With the AC M K FORM, you can build up. right
before your eyes, detail by detail, the most stylish .
garments in the fashion books to your exact
measurements.
When you fit your dresses on an ACME FORM,
you will never hnve to try them on until tliey are
iintshed. You can see from every angle exactly
now it is going to look on you. without .having to
stand and crane your neck before a mirror to see
how it looks in back. Then you can wear it with
the assurance that you are perfectly fitted and
The "Three Little Wheels" at top quickly and
accurately adjust the form to required measure
ments of any woman's figure, no matter what pro
portion; normal or abnormal; slim or stout or any
figure in between.
When not in use, the form may be COLLAPSED,
reducing the figure to less than half its size, mak
ing it convenient to be stored out of the way
out of sight on a shelf or closet until you need
it again.
In presenting the Acme Collapsible Dress Form,
we offer you the best dress form in the world.
This form has several valuable patented "adjust
ing Features" not found in any other dress form
made. Automatic Pedal for Collapsing. Simply
by placing vour foot on a PEDAL, attached on the
base, vou can AUTOMATICALLY raise the form
full length or COLLAPSE the entire figure to half
its size. It takes less than a half a minute to
COLLAPSE or RAISE the form full length. It is
so simple a child can COLLAPSE it on lirst trial.
FORMS are built to last a lifetime.
correctly gowneu.
-. . a i . rr neece cnPMS The ACME
There are no parts that can be lost, nothing to work out of order, and is guaranteed to give perreci
faction in ever respect. The upper part of the Acme Forms are made of superior quality, .ndus
tSb.. Fapi'aVhe. covered wita high grade Jersey doth, dyed fast black to which d re., mat eP.
3r. cinned ana draped while working or mt.ng. uur pnenu-o ..-. - -"".'V Jl'J
i i xi :ui. wi-.m. knHe tAh ir-h nrfvnt it from bending.
L:a h.iS orovided with casters so that the form may be easily rolled about.
and adjusting wheels are highly polished and nicely nickle plateo.
OPPORTUNITY IN OUR DRY GOODS DEPARTMENT.
The form is mounted on a high grade cop-
All metal parts
SEE THESE AT YOUR EARLIEST
No. 119 $8.50
MADE IN FOUR SECTIONS.
Tile two wheels on top Al'TO
HAT1CALLY adjust the Nerk
and Bust, Waist atid Hips, ami
for all practical purposes, it is
the best dress form money c:in
buy. The price comes wilhin
the reach of every woman, and
nowonian who does her home
dressmaking should deny herself
the pleasure and satisfaction of
this wonderful form. It will pay
for itself simply by making one
dress over it.
No. 416 $16.50
MADE IN SIXTEEN SECTIONS
This Acme Collapsible Dress
Form is identical with the AC
ME rOrt.M No. 420 with the ex
ception that it is not provided
with the extra adjustment
across the bust which makes it
possible to raise or lower the
bust to an unusual bust propor
tion. The form is in every way
equal to No. 42ft form and has
the COLLAPSIBLE skirt and all
necessary adjustments to repro
duce any woman's figure.
No. 420 $18.00
'MADE IN TWENTY SECTIONS
This Acme Collapsible Dress
Form is the must perfect drss
form made. It embodies every
necessary adjust ment that could
be thought of in a dress form,
Jmd we guarantee it to be ad
justable to any woman's size,
style or shape. It may be COL
LAPSED and has all the patent
ed "Acme Adjusting reaiures
that make it the best dress form j
money can possibly buy.
New Spring Styles in COATS, SUITS, DRESSES and MILLINERY
that will arouse the enthusiasm of
all who see them
There's a fascination about the "new things" that is simply ir
resistible. It is contagious styles that arouse a desire for owner
ship some by their utter simplicity others because of their dar
ing Come in enjoy to the fullthese new styles and colorings
see them now, while they are so fresh, so new, so inviting.
Spring SUITS at $15.95 op to $50
?fd The? Croats nf various lencrths. straicrit linf-e arm httfrl fffrt!
predominating. Smart pleated and belted models, newly fash
ioned pockets and fancy over collars. Wool Jerseys, serges, pop-'
lins, gaberdines and novelty stripes in new shades of apple green,
copper, rose, canary, tan, navy and Russian green. We'll con
sider it a privilege and pleasure to show these to you come.
c ii "i kf. r .m x
il vj i:i J&; ffi.'.'tft
mm
THE NEW DRESSES Correct styles for sport, street
and afternoon wear showing many novel new effects in
jchaki-kool, satin, sport taffetas, crepe de chine. Georgette
crepes and rnany combinations. There is such a refreshing
difference in the combinations, shades and little details of
finish and elaboration that all these new creations will be
much admired prices range at $18.75 to $45.
THE NEW COATS Three-quarter and sport lengths
are most in evidence beautiful as to material, and grace
ful in outline belted or gathered at the waist. Models for
street and motor wear. Fashioned of wool jersey, wool
poplins, gaberdines, taffeta silks and shepherd checks.
Colors and trimmings that are right "in keeping" with the
sport-like effects the season calls for. Priced at $9.50 up
to $35.
;1i
m
I.
Color and Plenty of it in
1917 MILLINERY
-Wonderful variety and extra
vafees at $4.95 tip to $12
Sport hats have had the largest portion of
the designers' attention this season however,
with all the color, there's an air of refinement
about them that makes them appropriate for
most all occasions. Of special note are the
new creations of khaki-kool, jersey silk and the
new two-toned effects.
Recent shipments have greatly augmented
our stock in the past few days and you will
have no difficulty in finding a hat to please you
in every particular.
'Vict rola
mm
A living source of pleasure
for everybody every day
We want you to see our new
Breakfast Sets and Bungalow Aprons
Tnree car loads of New Furniture just unpacked
Sport Silks Have Been Approved
by Fasnion
No one, who has not actually seen these new
fabrics can possibly imagine how artistic and
varied the new effects are.
FIGURED SHANTUNG (33 inch) will be
one of the most favored materials with good
dressers this season, natural ground with novelty
designs in combinations of red and blue, gold and
green, lavender and gold and green and purple
the yard $1.50
NOVELTY STRIPE TAFTETA (36 inch) in
black ground with gay green and gold stripes and
light ground with novelty stripes a fashionable
sport silk yard $2.25
CHECKED TAFFETAS (36 inch) black and
white check, outlined with red something new.
Yard j $2.
PONGEES AND SHANTUNG (26 to 36 in
ch) at the yard 95c, $1., $1.50, $2.50.
I J
1
It !!- A
1
New Style EAR RINGS
New arrival Sport Ear Rings the fad
now is for the long style shown in
our jewelry department in jet, coral and
gold filigree.
The greater your love of music the greater will be
your appreciation of the Victrola
This wonderful instrument reveals to you in all their
beauty exquisite musical masterpieces superbly inter
preted by the world's greatest artists.
The world's greatest artists! Caruso, Alda, Bori,
Braslau, Calve, Culp, de Gogorza, Destinn, Farrar, Gad
ski, Galli-Curci, Garrison, Gluck, Hempel, Homer,
Journet, Marirelli, McCormack, Melba, Ruffo, Schu-mann-Heink,
Scotti, Sembrich, Tetrazzini, Whitehili.
Williams, Witherspoon, Werrenrath, and other famous
singers. Elman, Kreisler, Paderewski, Powell, Zimba
list, and other noted instrumentalists. Sousa's Band,
Pryor's Band, Conway's Band, Vessella's Band, Victor
Herbert's Orchestra, and other celebrated musical organizations.
$15 and up easy payments if desired
Hand Hammered Silver r
Smali shipments of hand hammered
Sheffield hollow ware, including Trays,
.Sncrar Rrurle Ta P-fe onl f tnafo
Graceful designs and extra values.
VictroU ii''Q
9
NEW RUGS assortments large enough to afford the
selection of the correct rug to harmonize with any scheme
you desire carried out in every size from a small door
mat to the largest room size.
Every rug shown here is pleasing in design and coloring
and of that thoroughly dependable quality for which
this store is known.
Jewelry and Watch
Repairing Guaranteed
The latest in Footwear
Women's Romain Silk BjOots 82 inches
high French heel light weight sole in
choice navy or pearl grey the pair . . $S.50
With the return of spring there
always come the suggestions for
brightening up your home re
furnishing some rooms adding
an old piece to round out harmo
niously another renewing floor
coverings that have become
worn with use.
This new furniture has been specially
selected to meet the needs of people who
want their homes to be tastefully fur
nished, and who are at the same time
seeking furniture that is moderately
priced. We are prepared as never before
to meet these needs, and we want you to
visit our store and get acquainted with
our new stock, whether you are ready to
buy just now or not.
NEW BED ROOM,
LIVING ROOM AND
DINING ROOM
FURNITURE IN
SMART NEW DESIGNS
ANNUAL REFORT
OF VERDE EX.
age. and the
Kovf-rned by
cars.
output of
the available
supply of
'.if 0.03:! ounces of pold. 1.62 ounces of i Work at the smelter siU- was coni
silver, and 4 f 4 . 1 lbs. of copper dry'menced early in January. The loca
ton of ore (above figures for silver tion is about two nil one-lmlf miles
and topper represent 95 per tent : from Clarksdale, the present terminus
of total assay contents). '. of a branch line of the ianta Fe. It
; , ., .. , , , . lis expected that early in 1918 the
(Continued From I'age One) i N?' tt,n whirhJ h,avo bn ! company will be smelting its 'own
u muiutj r ro-ii idge uiiej constructed and equipped (lurins the. i ' T, , , k mnsiderah'e
industry, we are effected by car short-' .nnii ( . ..h.n.. i.,i. ,i.J..i- ; make a consuierau.e
the mine is - . f .....m re(Uctjn ,n jne ost p,.r pound .f pro-
smith shop, warehouse and timber t duciu; copper.
framing shed. j Thc for a tunn,., has bwn sp.
A new property of this size presents,' 1,'p,e1 aTHl W()rk wi" beS''i as soon
many and diversified problems, all of aB a Powtr line can be run and electric
which will be solved as rani.llv as Power available. The proposed tun-
possible " ' ne' w'" 8trike lle niine workings at i
i the 1300 level.
e location of the new shaft has' 1
bei-u det.Tinined. plans made for a I U it! 'fary to build an addition
three-foiiiparlinent cor.crete lined to 11,0 ll;,n"e ll,Uh-' ft,r thi" ""iers,
shaft and work m the shaft com-' dlld m"w ",,"t' "'' '
nieiiced staff in the accounting, eiminei riii;;,
j and laboratory departments. Work on ,
Smelter Site Purchased. ; both has been commenced. !
A smelter site has been purchased j Plans have been prepared for a bos-1
Contracts for Smelting.
Smelting contracts have been made
with the Copper Queen. Calumet and
Arizona, and Consolidated Arizona
Smelting companies, which will lake
care of our present output. An ar
rangement Tjt n-finln? the product of
the company has been made.
Shipments for the year 1M15 amount
to the total of 80,1 r,S dry tons of ore,
containing 2,570,523 ounces cf gold,
128,467.91 ounces of silver, and 36,-
mediate!. ( February 20th, 1917. Liabilities.
To improve living conditions for the ; United Verde Extension Mining Com- Capital stock authoribed. .$
company's empfjyes. it is proposed to j pany Balance Sheet as at Decern- Less treasury stock
lay out a town-site on part of the com-' ber 31, 1916.
pany s property, where employes who Assets,
wish to own their own homes, can Mining claims, at cost. .. .$
build, and where they can live under Machinery, plant, cuuip
sanitary conditions. ment. buildings, etc. t
The gcn.'ial policy of the company rost
is to cleve.'ip the property as fast as 'Options on mining claims,
it can be done economically. The I land, and investments in
large territory makes necessary a 'jthcr companies at tost
carefully thouuht-out plan for future i Land acquired, at cost
750.000 00
225.000.00
Deductions:
Mine oper
ating expenses
and develop-
Total ) 525.000.00 ment. freight
261.99S.59 Accounts payable includ- i treatment, re-
ing taxes accrued $ 646,843.52 . lining and
172 9S6.:2
work.
66.247.83
153,870.00
9.897.68
402,972 pounds of copper an average plans for a smelter are being prepared, ; pita!, which it is proposed to erect, im- j
0 FORGE G. TEXER.
AKCIMDALD POl'GLAS,
I. . G. WiUCHER,
C. I'. SAXPS.
II. K. liFKCII.
GKOKGH KIXGDOX.
FAI L ARM ITAGE,
A. J. JICKRELL,
.1. s. nor n las.
Directors.
Accounts received
Inventories of supplies,
timbers, etc 52.646.71
Cash in banks and on hand 3,014.593.35
Ore in transit, copper con
tents ('J' 2rc per lb 728.039 02
Copper bullion in hands of
selling agents and in
transit, copper contents
(f? 2f.c per lb 3.508.334. 38
Total J7.308.613.88
Reserve for depreciation.. 33.006.7S
Reserve for depletion of
ore bodies 525.000.00
Surplus ac
count as at
Jan. 1 1916 $ 340.663.02
ADD:
Ilalant-e front
statement of
earnings . . .$5,SSS.100..6 6.228.763.55
selling .
Other
.J2.334.746.1S
ex-
Total $7.!r.S.til3 ss
Statement of earnings for 12 months
ending December 31, 1916:
Gross values of all ores $3,919,918.54
Other revenues Zl.looH
19,981,072.31
j ing taxes ac
crued 270.S0S.35
Amounts
j written off to
. reserve and
l depreciation
funds . .. .. 500,417.02 3.042.917.75
.Net earnings $6,938,100.56
I Less :
Dividends Xo.
1 and 2 . .. 1.050.000.00
Balance to sur
plus account $5,888,160.56