tee Bal
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
MARKETS.
NEW YORK CITY
Average prive of cop
per for week ending
May 9, 28.68.
WEATHER.
Arizona Sunday and
Mondi-i', fair; uotj
much change la
temper ture.
VOL. 19. NO. 291.
BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 13, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
OOSEVELT
N
mm
GOBS
ARS
WAY
MTEEB
0
PROHIBITION
ADVANCED BY
SENATE BILL
Legislators Pass Amendment
Forbidding Use of Grain
Alcohol In Manufacture of
Liquor During The War.
(By Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON, May 12. The first
legislative step toward conservation
of the nation's food resources and a
long advance toward an absolutely dr
United States, was taken tonight by
the senate in approving 38 o 32 an
amendment to the administration es
pionage bin forbidding during the war
the use of grain in the manufacture
of Intoxicating liquor. .
By a majority of one vote the sen
ate also threw out of the bill the ad
ministration's press censorship section
as was done in the house. This ac
tion is expected to throw the cental
ship fight into conference, where the
influence of the administration can be
brought to bear more directly. Wha;
will be the outcome no senator would
predict with confidence tonight.
The prohibition amendment was
ad'opted under a rule limiting debate
sharply and there were only brief
speeches on each side. Just previous
ly the senate had voted down 47 to
42 a proposal to forbid sale of intox
icants during the war.
Would Limit Sale.
Effective September 1 the amend-
(Continued on page 7)
-
Russians Resume Offensive
On Macedonian Front; Coast
Of Belgium Heavily Bombarded
German Admiralty Asserts
British Destroyer Was Sunk
In Naval Engagement Off
Holland Last Thursday.
Heavy pressure is being exerted by
the British armies against the Ger
man lines in France V along a fifteen
mile front between Achieville and
Queant According to the German
war. office masses of British troops
were employed in a series of attacks
along the roads leading from Arras
to Lens, Doual and Cambrai. One of
, the main points of assault was in the
vicinity of BulIeiVmrt. which has been
the zone of almost steay fighting for
sevetal days. The objectives of the
forward move were achieved and hun
dreds of prisoners were taken, accord
ing to the British official announce
ment. One of the points captured by the
British troops was Cavaly farm, ton the
road between Arras and Cambrai, to
gether with half a mile of trenches
north of it. Farther south the Ger
mans threw a flying wadge against
Gillemont farm and captured it, but
were thrown out by a British counter
attack. The fighting was progress at
the Roeux railway station when the
official reports were issued.
French artillery continues to Lom
bard the German lines and munition
depots along the Aisne front.
(Continued on Page Three)
(By Review Leased Wire).
LONDON. May 12. The British
troops have established themselves in
the village of Bullecourt, the scene ot
terrific fighting during the last few
days according to the Official report
from British headquarters in France,
tonight. Fighting still continuous.
The British also have captured an
important German trench of about
two-thirds of a mile astride the Arras
Cambrai road, as well as German posi
tions over a front of nearly 3 1-2 miles
near Arras
The statement reads:
"Our trrfops have established them
selves in the village of Bullecourt,
where fighting still continus
"Astrid the Arras-Cambrai road we
BRITISH CAPTURE BULLEGOORT
AS RESULT OF TERRIFIC FIGHT
Kaiser Must Go
Is Demand of
Socialists
Liberty In Germany And
Peace In The World Will
Remain a Sham Until Ho
henzollerns Have Been
Overthrown, Says Note.
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK.' May 12. A mes
sage from a number of leading
American socialists was cabled to
the socialists of Germany today,
saying that democracy the w'orld
over would continue to fight
against Germany until the Hohen
zollerns were overthrown. The
message was sent to socialists in
Stockholm, Copenhagen. The
Hague and Berne, with a request
that its text be forwarded to Ger
man socialists.
The signers were Charles Ed
ward Russell, a member of the
commission appointed by Presid
ent WiUon to go to Russia, J. G.
Phelps Stocks, Winfield Gaylord.
Robert Rives La Monte, A. M. Sim
ons, Upton Sinclair, Henry L. Slo
bodin, chairman of the New York
state socialist committee; Rose
Stocks and Wm. English Walling.
"The democratic peoples of the
world now in league against the
kaiser and kaiserism will be com
pelled to continue their war
against Germany and her autocra
tic allies until the kaiser and
kaiserisra are overthrown," the
message read in part:
"The whole world realizes,
whether the German people real
ize or not, that liberty, in Germany
and peace in the world must re-
iCoutlnued on Page Eight)
TODAY IS -MOTHER'S DAY;
WEAR A WHITE CARNATION
A white carnation is the sym-
bol of mother love and fidelity.
- It was chosen by the late Miss
Ann Jarvls, mother of "Mother's
Day," as the memory flower.
Today is "Mother's Day." Wear
a white carnation to show your
love, appreciation and honor of
the best friend and the best
mother on earth your mother.
If you are away from home,
write mother a letter, for. no
matter how wide a gap the
miles have stretched - between
you, your mother still thinks of
you and you will carry her love
wherever you may be.
If you are living with her,
bring ber home some little gift
that will please her, and if she
has already been taken fromyou,
place a spring of green on her
grave.
NEBRASKA UNIVERSITY
WINS Bl GTRACK MEET
MINNEAPOLIS. May 12. The Uni
versity of Nebraska today defeated
the University of Minnesota, in a dual
track and field meet, scoring 66 points
to Minnesota's 59. No new records
were established.
have captured some 1,200 yards of a
German trench, including a strong
point known as Cavaly farm, north of
the river Scarpe our troops last night
stormed Roeux cemetery and the chem
ical works to the n'orth. Today they
continued their advance and carried
the enemy's position in this neighbor
hood on a front of about one and a
half miles."
"In these operations we have cap
tured over 700 prisoners, including
eleven officers, and a number of trench
mortars and machine guns.
"In the air fighting yesterday seven
German airplanes were destroyed ; five
others were driven down out of conr
trtal. Four of our airplanes are missing."
WHEAT
PRICES
START ON FAST
UPWARD FLIGHT
Traders Mystified As To Out
come of Situation At Close
Most Exciting Day In Trade
BoardVHistory.
RISE OF 23 CENTS IS -SHOWN
IN JULY CROP
Government May Again Be
Compelled To Take a Hand
To Prevent Fabulous
Prices; All Markets Active.
(By Review Leased Wire).
CHICAGO, May 12. At the close
of a day such as the Chicago board
of trade never saw before, traders
were asking one another what meas
ures would be taken, if any, to check
the sensational upward flight of wheat
prices. And in other markets
Minneapolis, Kansas City, St. Louis
and lesser bourses the same query
was being put. There was no an
swer, save in the resolutions of such
bodies as the Illinois Council of De
fense, which urged congress to take
rigid control of the whole food and
basic commodity situation.
May wheat was legislated out of
existence by the board of directors
as a patriotic duty" and because its
skyrocketing course might inspire a
runaway market. As an arrester of
advances the move failed signally.
At the openingi prices for July and
September options hesitated a few
cents below the previous close. The,
8 trip of blackboard where the May
wheat ordinarily was quoted was
blank, but in a short time the ad
joining columns began to boom.
When the closing gong sounded at
noon July had shown a net rise of
22 to 25 U cents, with the final
figures ranging from $2.73 to $2.75
and September an even more star
tling jump of 16 to 24 cents with last
sales varying from $2.41 to $2.46.
Board Tells Grim Story
The course of the market was best
visualized in the smoking room of the
board, where quotations from the
markets of the world are posted. In
front of the section devoted to 'wheat
a rotund and lmpertable young man
in a gray alpaca office coat. In great
sweeping numerals, so that those in
the far reaches of the room might
see through the haze of smoke, was
marking up the prices.
There were those watching the
blackboard who saw more in the fig
ures than the cold record of the law
of supply and demand. To them it
told the story of a stricken world's
demand for bread, the cry of desper
ation from ruined cities and the
wasted farms of Europe, the pleas
of emaciated children and the sav
age food-lust of soldiers.
The impertubable person in the
gray alpaca pursued the even tenor
of his way. "Two-fifty -five" he
wrote; then, "2.57. 2.60. 2.63 and
presently at the summit of the wave
-2.75."
"It went up like a shriek." remark
ed one spectator.
Other Market Advance
It was something like that, and the
shriek came from shorts. Prices con
tinued their ascent until the shorts
had "covered" and taken their losses.
probably very heavy In many cases.
The opinion was expressed that the
day pretty well drove in these inter
ests and that a decrease in trading
might be expected Monday. A ques
tion much handed about was whether
if control of speculation in May was
a good thing, why similar action
might not apply with equal benefit
to more deferred futures. President
Joseph Griffin of the board said that
no such action was contemplated at
present, as in the opinion of many
wheat of the new crop would begin
to arrive by July. He was in con
stant touch with Washington, he
said and with the United States dis
trict attorney here. What part the
federal government played in the
board's action is not known.
There were advances in other lead
ing wheat markets during the day.
At Duluth the advances ranged from
13'4 to 15 cents. At Kansas City
where the board ordered the closing
of May contracts, without fixing a
settlement price, the advance ranged
from 1V cents to 25 cents. j
PRESIDENT SAYS
GRIM BUSINESS
FACES AMERICA
War Will Obliterate Last Di
vision Between North And
South, Executive Declares
At Memorial Dedication.
PREDICTS NEW UNION
WILL FOLLOW FIGHT
Taft Introduces Wilson As
The Nation's Leader In
The Greatest War In The
History of The World."
(By Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON. May 12. Presi
dent Wilson said in a public address
here tcday that the struggle against
Germany "means grim business on
every side of it," but that America
had put its heart into the task and
would respond as a united nation to
the call to service.
Speaking at the dedication of a
Red Cross memorial for the women
of the civil war, the President pre
dicted that the present straggle not
only would obliterate the last divi
sion between the north and south but
would wipe out "any lines either of
race or association cutting athwnrt
the great body of the nation."
This new union, he said, would re
sult from a common suffering and
sacrifice to vindicate the principles
of freedom and democracy.
"We look for no profit," he said;
"we will accept no advantage out of
this war. We go because we believe
the very principles upon which the
American repiiil'-as founded are
now at state and must be vindi
cated. ' ,
Former President Taft introduced
Mr. Wilson as "the nation's leader
in the greatest war in history, a war
whose sacrifices we cannot realize."
Secretary Baker formally presented
the memorial building to the' Red
Cross society an dtbe President's ad
dress was made in accepting it as
honorary head of the society. The
building, a handsome $800,000 struct
ure built by the government, was de
dicated to both, the women of the
north and south.
New England Pays
Homage To Grand
Old Man of France
(By Review Lea sea Wire)
BOSTON. May 12. New Eng
land paid homage to the hero of
the Marne today. From the mo
ment Marshal Joffre stepped from
his train at the South Station, on
his arrival from New York this
morning, until he left for Canada
tonieht, he was applauded contin
uously. On historic Boston Common be
received from little Mary Curley,
daughter of the mayor, a parch
ment announcing that through the
marshal the school children of
Massachusetts and the citizens
of Boston and New England de
Bired to present sum for the care
of the children whose fathers
have died for France. This sum
tonight had reached a total of
$150,000 with contributions still
pouring in.
- At Harvard University General
Joffre was invested by President
Lowell with the honorary degree
of doctor of laws.
The university had voted to son
fer a similar degree on Rene
Viviani, but the head of the
French mission had been called
to Canada, and as the degree
could only be conferred in per
son, it was automatically with
drawn. New World Record
For 220 Hurdles
LAWRENCE. Kansas. May 12.
Robert Sinipt-'jn of the university ol
Missouri, entered in the annual Kaa-sas-Missouri
dual meet today, ran the
220 yard hurdles in 24 3-5 seconds,
which, officials announced, was a new
world's record on a circular track.
Missouri won the meet. 65 to 44.
Simpson also won the 120 yard high
hurdles. Missouri totok the relay In
3.27 2 5.
Waiting Policy
Is Adopted By
BaseballMen
National League Club Owners
WUl Mark Time Until Able
To Determine Effects War
Measures Will Have.
(By Review Leased Wire).
NEW YORK. May 12. After a
three hour conference here today
the National league owners decid
ed to adopt a p'olicy of watchful
waiting before attempting to gi ap
ple with any of the new problems
resulting fro mtbe war and adverse
weather.
The magnates discussed the
proposed war tax; the drafting of
players for the army; a later open
ing of the season; violation of the
waiver rules; better telegarph fa
cilities; for toe reporting Vf games,
and a proposition to reduce the
club rosters, but no definite action
was taken.
It was decided to enforce the
present rule limiting the number
of players any club may carry be
tween May 15 and August 31 to
22, this allotment to Include play
ers and injured or sick. In case
the army draft hits the clubs hard
exceptions may be made to this
rule.
Owing to the lack 'of Information
aa to how toe proposed war tax is
to be applied, the club owners
were unable to arrange plans for
its collection. The sale of revenue
stamps; printing of new tickets
with a tax coupon attached, and
the collection 'of the tax in caan
also were discussed. While all
the magnates stated that incle
ment weather of the last few
weeks bad affected attendance,
they were unanimous in the opin
ion that with better playing con
ditions there would be a marked
improvement In gate receipts.
18-Year-Old Boy
Marathon Winner
(By Review Leased Wire).
CHICAGO, May 12. William Tews,
18 years old, of the Chicago Athletic
Association, won the 10 mile modified
Marathon race under the auspices oi
the Illinois Sportsmen's Club, run over
Chicago boulevards today. 2:24 3-5.
U. S. GIVEN CREDIT
FOR RUSS LOYALTY
(By Review Leased Wire).
PARIS.1 May 12. (5:15 P. M.)
A Havas dispatch from Milan today
says:
"The Petrograd oorrespondent of
the Corriere de la Sera wires that
a secret despatch read at the histor
ic night conference between the
members of the Russian provisional
government and the workmen and
soldiers came from the . American
government and dealt with the con
ditions required by the American
government for the granting of a
loan. The reading or this dispatch
says the correspondent, decided the
representatives of the workmen's
and soldier's committee to accept
the views of the provisional govern
ment." TERMED
TAX
MID "NECESSITY" BY THOSE WHO DREW UP BILL
(By Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON, May 12. The war
time tax schedules of the $1,800,000,
000 revenue bill were attacked aa
threatening the life of many indus
tries by a score of witnesses today
before the senate finance committee
and were defended by house leaders
during debate on the other sid- if
tl Capitol as abtn'ut'.Iy neceaaary
to preserve the life of the nation.
Manufacturers, Jobber and retail
ers in many lines touched by the new
levies, including high officials of
some of the country's leading inuds
trial concerns, almost without excep
tion condemned the house bill as un
just, discriminatory and likely to re
sult in the suspension of many of
PRESIDENT EMPOWERED
TO GALL FOR RECRUITS
FOR SERVICE I FRIGE
Whether T. R. Will Be Granted Privilege Is Problematical;
Army General Staff, Whose Advise President Wilson
Has Followed Closely, Is Strongly Opposed To Plan;
House Adopts Resolution Favoring Division Only After
Stormy Debate, Fought By Many Democrats And Re
publicans. . WASHINGTON, May 1 2. The way was cleared in con
gress today for Colonel Roosevelt, if he is given authorization
by the administration, to raise a division of volunteers for ser
vice in France.
Reversing its previous action and overruling the confer
ence commtitee on the army draft bill, the house voted 2 1 5 to
1 78 to empower the president to extend authority for recruiting
such a division. This sent the army bill back to conference
but the senate already had adopted a similar resolution during
orgmal consideration of the bill and its colleagues are expect
ed to agree quickly to it now.
Whether the necessary authority will be given Colonel
Roosevelt by the administration is problematical. The army
general staff, whose advice President Wilson has followed
closely in the conduct of the war, is strongly opposed to such
a plan, declaring volunteer units of that character have no
place in the great war army.
Dent Leads Fight Against Proposal
The house vsted the authorization
after a stormy debate. Representative
Anthony led the fight for the Colonel,
moving to re-commit the army bill to
conference with instructions to accept
the senate's Roosevelt amendment
Chairman Dent, of the military com
mittee, and many other Democrats and
Republicans fought against the prop
osal Forty-five Democratics and four
Independents were among those who
voted for it, and there were thirty
Republican votes against it
When the action in the house was
reported to the senate. Chairman
Chamberlain of the , miltiary commit
tee withdrew the conference report for
revisftn and announced that the con
ferees would meet Monday. The bill
with the amendment included is ex
pected to receive final conference ap
proval without delay and go to the
RANCHER MAY SOLVE
SUBMARINE MENACE
(By Review Leased Wire).
AjBARILLO. Tex.. May 12. That
the government believes that D. J.
Muncle a Potter county truck farmer,
ha sinvented a device that will ex
plode torpedoes launched at ships
before they approach near enough to
do damage, is indicated by the fact
that Muncle left Amarillo today for
Washington, acting on telegraphic
orders from the war department
According to authoritative state
ments, the inventor claims that the
device may be used upon merchant
ships as effectively as upon naval
vessels, both Its Initial cost and cost
of upkeep being comparatively small.
Muncie sent a blueprint to Wash
ington some days ago.
IE BY
the smaller business houses. There
was a dwindling attack, however,
and Democatlc Leader Kitchin said
he hoped to have a vote not later
than Thursday.
Ra'ney Defends Taxes
Representative Rainey, of Illinois,
racking Democratic member of the
ways and means committee, took up
most of the time today defending the
measure. The increases In second
class postage rates were attacked
from many quarters and Mr. Rainey
said the committee simply was try
ing to get back part of the annual
loss which the government sustains
through carrying newspapers and
periodicals through the malls at one
cent a pound.
president for his signature by the mid
dle of the week.
Roosevelt "Dee-lighted.''
(By Review Leased Wire)
OYSTER BAY. May 12. Colonel
Theodore Rooeevelt made ao secret r
night of his delight over the action
of the house, but he refused to dis
cuss his plans for putting a military
force in the field until his authoriza
tion to do so becomes Official.
"I am deeply grateful at what the
house has done," Colonel Roosevelt
said. "I feel they have taken a step
which Is eminently wise and patriotio
toward enabling us to utilize an ele
ment in the country we would other
wise not utilize at all. This will en
able a mixed force t regulars and
volunteers to be put to the front dur
ing the time necessary ofr training the
great army raised under the seletive
draft"
BALFOUR EXPRESSES
FAITH IN AMERICA
NEW YORK. May 12. The climax
of the British war commission's two
day visit to this city came this after
noon when Foreign Minister Arthur
James Balfour declared that any
doubts some cf his colleagues may
have had as to the sincerity of their
welcome to the United States had
been finally dispelled.
Mr. Balfour declared: "We never
conceived or believed that there
would be such a universal outpour
ing of sympathy and of good will as
have marked every moment of our
visit. Not one of us had the small
est expectation of what was to hap
pen here. The spontaneous exhibi
tion of welcome from every class has
moved our hearts as nothing ever
has moved them before."
CTI
"Those of us who drew this bill
know that the life of the nation is
in danger," said Mr. Rainey. Repre
sentative Wood. Republican of In
diana, declared that there are many
inequalities in the bill and suggested
a tax of $3 a head on all the busi
ness men. Under the present pro
visions, he said 10.0O0.P0O Independ
ent business men would contribute
nothing toward the enormous total
to be raised.
May Tax Parcel Post
Representative Dyer, Republican of
Missouri, also attacked the measure,
saying that many of the things taxed
on the theory that they are luxuries.
(Continued on Page Tight) THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 13, 1917.
Opportunity at ou Rvet The Attention of Even Woman Who Desires to EconA
A Garment
" onuzein I he Purchase of a Smart Cloth butt or
A Fashionable Spring Coat
TWO
s -
-iQr.
Warm Enough For Silk Suits
A Splendid Stock Is Ready Here
New ones arriving every day now and though nearly all are Taffeta.
there are 60 many variations that it is like having several materials.
Some of the Tafletas are in solid colors of Gold, Copenhagen, Rose, Mist
Gray, Tan, Navy, Green and Beige;-others are combined with hold stripes and
Sports figures.
Suits suitable for evening wear, afternoons, for dress-up occasions and
sports uses, all made ot silki and vary in degrees of color and style elaborte
ness. Prices begin at $29.50 and range upwards to $G5.00.
Lovely Silk Sweaters
$18.50, $20 up to $25.
Smart Silk Sweaters, always so desirable and prac
tical fcr Southern Arizona, here, so advantageously priced
that every woman planning the purchase of such a gar
ment should see the3e that are to be displayed tomorrow.
The styles are as new, as varied and as different as
they the pretty. Most of them have large sailor collars
and deep cuffs in contrasting colors, sashes, belts and
large pockets, pinch-back and sports models in all the
bright, dashing colors for summer.
PRICE CHANGING HAVE BEEN going on at a merry clip. The Kings of Fashion in
Suits and Coats which delight the heart of every woman, have had several dollars shaved from,
their regular markings.
They are the surplus lots of "THE FAIR" Store's splendid and fashionable stocks, no job
lots of Special Purchases here Only the newest and best models are represented.
THE JACKETS ARE either simple or elaborately trimmed with buttons or braid and they
are often belted. Sometimes they are with double collars and again with much silk stitchings.
MATERIALS include Gaberdine, Serge, Poplins and Wool Vel,ur. There are no exceptions.
Take your choice and pay one-fourth less than regular prices. '
A Score of Styles To Choose From
$22.50 SUITS Reduced to $16.85 $32.50 SUITS Reduced to . $24.35
$25.00 SUITS Reduced to .$18.75 $35.00 SUITS Reduced to $26.25
$27.50 SUITS Reduced to ; . .$20.65 $45.00 SUITS Reduced to .$33.75
Smart Spring Coats in a Notable Sale
Newest Materials and Colors V3 Off Reg. Prices
YOU CAN MAKE YOUR DREAM OF A FASHIONABLE new coat come splendidly true, and at a very little cost
in this rale tomorrow. A quick and decisive cbaraway of the season's newest and smartest styles, of fine Velours, Poplin,
Serge, Gaberdine. Whipcord and Fancy weaves.
THERE ARE COATS SUITABLE FOR ALL NEEDS and every purpose. Sports and three-quarter lengths, with an
' sort3 of pocket and belt ideas. There is every good eclor yo u could wish, and the prices have been reduced ONE-THIRD.
$18.50 COATS . . .$12.35 $25.CO COATS . . .$16.65
$20.00 COATS ...$13.35 $27.50 COATS ...$18.35
$22.50 COATS . . .$15.00 $32.50 COATS . . .$21.65
$35.00 COATS
$39.50 COATS
$45.00 COATS
. . .$23.35
...$26.35
. . .$29.95
Middy Blouse Time Is Here-Many Styles and
Monday Only
UVUlllUl UiUUIIl
Qualities at $1.25 Upwards to $2.50 Petticoats $1.95
Trimmed Millinery That Must Go
Prices Greatly Lawered For This Week's Sale
W) a if1
A splendid new assortment of
Heatherblooin PetticcAts, that are now
marked at a price considerably higher,
to be featured Monday in an impora
ant sale at 1.95.
These are in a wide range of colors
and include every fashionable shade
for spring; they are made with a deep
pleated or ruffled liounce of Taffeta
Silk cf the same shade Choice $1.9?.
. Dainty Lingerie
BLOUSES
Monday $1.98
Pretty summertime Blouses of the
finer and sheerest of Organdy, Voile.s
or Lawn, at a price that will be the
surprise and delight of every woman
who comes a-shopping here Monday
for dainty, inexpensive blouses.
There are spc-iu. a.oce;s w;th large
collars and deep cuffs of white pique
and finished with large pearl buttons;
others are trimmed with One lace or
hand-embroidery Choice $1.98.
Phillipine Lingerie
Just from Manila A new Import
ation of that dainty lingerie featured
at remarkably moderate prices, rath
garment beautifully hand-embroidered
and hand sewn. Gowns and envelope
chemise of soft, clinging. Crepe de
China, in white, flesh, pink and blui
at $2.45 upwards to $6.50. j
xTMdir Rinnu.K fnr wompn and misses are spoken of with but one varia
tion that of price for there's a wide range ot prices advancing by slow de
grees from $1.25 up to $2.50 models are charming and there's such a delight
ful assortment of them, too
The prettiest and smartest of all is the "Sports Middy" similar to the
illustration, made of white crepe or galatea with sailor collar, cuffs, belt and
large pockets of contrasting color. Priced at $1.50 and $2.00 other styles at
$1.25 up to $2.50. '
Re-Marking of Charming Blouses
of Georgette Crepe and' Crepe de Chine
$7.50 Values For $5.95
Women who see the lovely Blouses' that embra ce this Monday offer will surely enthuse over them
We know they will, for they are such beauties and the price is so much less than their regular values, and
really they are worth every cent of the marked prices.
Thy're made of Georgette and Crepe de Chine in a diversity of style in white and all the bright colors of
the summertime. There are "Sports Models" and they're finished with fine tucks, pretty laces, or hand-embroidery
All sizea from 34 to 44; $7.50 values for $5.95. .
Separate Skirts Are Wonderful This Season
A Comprehensive Style Assortment $7.50 to $18.50
Xo further need to proclaim to the vogoe of the Separate Skirt now. The smart styles, continually ar
riving here do that very emphatically. The uncommon modes in the moderately priced groups can be judged
by the wide variety of styles and materials.
Particularly attractive are the beautiful Sports models of novelty silks and wool n.aterials, in tsripes,
plaids and figures in wonderful new colors and combinations. See our comprehensive style assortment rang
ing price frcm $6 50 upwards to $18.50.
Centemeri French Kid Gloves No Flower Garden of The Spring
Finest Qualities Lowest Prices Than the Displau of Summer Dre
$2.50 ana $3.UU a fair
We have made greater preparations this season than ever to
supply women with Kid Gloves of dependable quality at reasonable
prices Bought larger and better assortments; in fact, we propose to
make this store headquarters of the best in Kid Gloves.
The conditions of the glove market is very alarming and war
rants us warning you "To buy your Kid Gloves now while they may
be had." If we could make women realize the importance of the above
statement there would be great activity at the Glove Counter tomor
row. The woman who buys her Kid Gloves now will have reason to con
gratulate herself laier, she is not only sure of a better selection, but
the will pay le6s.
Exceptional Styles and Values
ALBERTA KID GLOVES in plain black and plain while, and white
and black combinations. AIbo Ivory with brown cuff and brown stitch
ing, a decided novelty and exceptional value. Sizes 5 3-4 to 7',s, priced
at $2.50 a pair.
Van Dyke Kid Gloves in black and white with constrasting stitch
Wg, also white combined with black, two clasp, wrist length. All
sizes. Priced at $3.00 a pair.
SEVILLE KID GLOVES at $3.00. and Isere Kid Gloves at $2.50.
Both come in plain black or white with pique stitching, or embroidery
trimmed.
Handsome New Showing
Room Size Spring Rugs
Prices Surprisingly Low
We are now prepared with a handsome collection of Rich,
beautiful Room Size Rugs, in designs and colorings to satisfy every
taste, and harmonize with almost any wall decoration.
Do not fail to visit our Kug Section before buying, for it is char
acterized by largeness of stocks and lowness of prices. And while
there has been an advance in the prices of ail Rugs we have been able
through early purchases to keep the prices down, and are sellin:;
Rugs now at about their actual wholesale cost on today's market.
Why not come down tomorrow and chouse your new Rug while
stocks are complete and there's an ample assortment to select from.
And the lessening of prices has been so
well affected that you can buy many and many
a hat tomorrow that last week boie quite a
much higher price.
HATS that show various degrees ot triir.
ming elaboration Copies' of exclusive designs
from foremost Eastern millinery makers are to
be counted almost by t:;e dozens. Every hat
in the collection makes a distinct nark on the
chart of Fashion.
Milan and Lisere straws, horse liair braids.
KibBon and straw1 -combinations. There an?
those that-sre beanuiuliy flower trimmed;
Others with ribbon bews. ornament'; and smart
uoveities. Two very remarkable groups.
Pattern Hats Trimmed Hats White Hats
$7.9,
$6.95
$12.50 and $15.00 Values
Tins special red.uceitnon High
Class Hats means real economy for
women who have planned for an
extra hat to fill out their millinery
needs until mid-summer.
And. there'3 a piendid collection
frcm which to choose. Larsc and
medium sized hats. Tailored styles.
Dressy models and those more sl
aborate in their ornamentations
suitable for evening or afternoon
wear. $12.50 and $15.00 value.
tor $7.95.
$8.50 and $10. CO Values
Repriced, that is exactly what
they are remarked from $8.60 and
$10 to make this a week of unusual
activity in the millinery section.
Here are medium-sized hats trim
med with ribbon and flowers in
ever so many different ways
small Turbans, Tailored styles and
Sports models. Hats that are be
coming and stylish and most un
usual values at the saie prices.
Black and new spring colors
Choice $6.95.
$8.50 and $10
EXQUISITE MODELS
Our wonderful assortment of all
white hats need no elaborate in
troduction, for women know them
to be the best i& value, style, qual
ity and designing that Cie moderate
prices $3.50 and $10 will, buy any
where in America
WHITE is Fashion' latest word
and among these iwo groups you
will find the most exquisite crea
tions brought out this season. Of
Lisere straw, Milan. Horse bair
braid, as well as combinations of
these with net or Georgette.
Time Is More Beautiful Than
ss Cottons on Our First Floor
We are convinced anew each time we visit this wonderful section, that
it 13 the most beutiful display of Summer Dress Cottons in the Southwest.
The new materials are glorious in weaves and colors
In spite of prevailing market conditions aud the scarcity of all kinds of
Summer Dress Materials Our stocks this season i? the largest we have ever
shown. Selling has been fast and furious, and thi3 should be your warning to
make selection early, while stocks ar complete and choosing Is at 'its bets.
Buy now and thus avoid the inevitable higher prices that will surely prevail
later. .
40-lnch Verlaine Voiles 39c Yard
Verlaine Voiles A very charming new Tub Dress material, white ground
with new striped patterns. Sports figures ant", dots in beautiful new colors and
combinations Genuine round thread Voile, highly mercerized and will retain
its luster nothing more attractive for summer 1 rocks and blouses. 40-inches'
wide, per yard 39c.
Sport Gaberdines 75c a Yard
' Sports ClotJies seem to be most mmportant part ot this spring fashions
exhibits. They are of every kind of material, color and style But of all the
materials used In making these pretty togs. Sports Gaberdines are the prettiest
and smartest of all. They are shown in wide stripes, dots and figures, in all
the bright, brilliant, daring shades of the summertime 36 iucueswide, per
yard 75c.
32-Inch Shirting Madras 35c
In extremely dainty woven stripes on white grounds. The new puttorn.i
are noteworthy and if you are looking fr.r new waisis. dresses, aprons, pa
jamas, or shirts for boys or men, you should not overlook this splendid gather
ing of madras. Colors are fast and will laundry without proving a disappoint
ment 32 inches wide, per yard 35c.
Silk Stockings $1.50 to $2.50
A page uiifUit bo written in describing the many Silk Hosiery novelties
shown at this important section Most Ink resting of all. however. U the moj
era'e prices we are able to quote.
Every new color is represented from the most dclhat? ti. the hiav'i-r.
darker shad?K; then there are stripes, plaids and nod elici ts in startling colors
and combinations. Hosiery of quality at $1 50 to $2.50 a pair.
-t-n-Ki. --4
v 1 .jf.'-.v. i-wibir-j
r i i 1 - W - '. . . T ! m. d a .
0'
Newest in Summer Parasols
Smart Styles, Dashing New Colors
$2.50, $3.00 up to $12.50
We have aimed this season to make this store the unchallenged
l eadquarters for the woman who wislns what is most exclusive and
l lost fashionable in summer sunshades.
We have assemble;! for her choosing an most wonderful collection
m bracing all the n'est kinks of fas hion, at prices rau:ng from
' J.oo upwards to $12.50 A gathering that will carry us far toward
k ;ir ambitions.
Such exquisite, lovely s tjles. sui h unusual values, sucii dashins.
colors and combinations, as to make it absolutely impossible to
. house their summer sun.- hade elsewhere-hee them tomorrow.
Lovely New Neckwear
35c, 50c Upwards to $3.00
Even as tliis copy is being writti-n they are being taken from
!.'?eir tissue wrapping, marked and ticketed, ready to create mi ex
l -aordinary selling interest, .Monday.
The styles are almost indescribable; they are s odiversitieil. Made
' sheer Voiles. Orisuiidy. Crepe uo. Chine. Georgette. Khaki Kool and
: ovilty silks. Some aie tiut.eil ir frillt J around the edge, some piped
ir prettily embroidered in bright ciders, olhrs hat are lace trini
: ;ed Orrat as the :u.int.ty scenif to le. you know how quickly the
: cw things are always bought, so if you ueod neckwear, come her'.1,
i .onday.
Fashion Demands
That You Wear a
Smart Veil
The fashionable, discriminating women
recognize no season when Veils are in ques
tion. To her. veils are quite as appropriate
for summer as for the depths of winter
Because she knows that a smart veil prop
erly arranged will not only distinguish but
will subtly beautify its wearers.
Popular
New Veils
50c to $5.00
Van Raalte Veils always lead the Ufehion
We mention the names of the newest
styles that are being popularized through
out the country today Yon ce the madver
tised in all the leading magazines, and they
are worn by fashionable women every
where. "The Crest," The Betty," "The
Cherry Blossom." "The Vision." Tb
Traeey." and "The Shirley." These comt In
Black, White and a full range of the newest
shades for summer and priced at 60c up to
$5.0 Oeach. Veiling by the yard at 35c to
$1.50; newest weaves, all colors.
Auto Scarfs
$1.00 to $5.00
The "Auto Scarf" Is not only practical,
and a necessary accessory to make the Auto
trip a comfort and a pleasure, but it lends
smartness and distinction to tilt wearer.
We've assembled a large collection of
Auto Scarfs in all style, covering broad
range of prices aud including all wanted
colors. Of Chiffon. Silk Jersey, and Crepe
de Chine- with plain hemstitched, or fancy
borders; witjtra 2 to 36 inches. Lengths
i'i to 2'3 yards. Triced at $1.00 to $5.00.'
"- .iiii mmmm0nm010gf THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 13, 1917.
THREE
5
S
t
5
-A
W
4
1
NATIONALS
(By Review Leased Wire.)
BROOKLYN. . May 12. Chicago
won its fourth straight from Brook
lyn, Seaton defeating Preffer in a
pitrhprs' duel. The only run came
in the fourth when Flack tripled and
scored on Doyle's sacrifice fly.
Chicago Ono 100 0001 4 0
Brooklyn 000 000 000 0 3 1
Seaton and Elliott; Pfeffer and
Meyers. Miller.
GIANTS 6; REDS 3
NEW YORK. May 12. New York
made It three straight font Cincin
nati. Manager Mathewson of Cin
cinnatl was presented with a silver
service bv local admirers.
rincinnati . . . .000 000 0303 S 1
New York . . ,. .400 002 00 fi 9 0
Mitchell, Ring. Perry, and Huhn;
Benton and McCarty, Gibson.
AMERICANS
(By Review Leased Wire)
DETROIT. May 12 Boston took
the third straight game fom Detroit.
Mays allowed only five scattered hits.
Dauss was knocked out in the sixth.
Boston 003 oo'i 0008 12 0
Detroit 000 000 000 0 S 4
Mavs and Thomas: Dauss. Cun
ningham. Jr.mes and Stanase, Yelle.
PHILLIES 3; CARDS 1
PHILADELPHIA. May 12. A clean
sweep of the series of three games
with St Louis was made by Phila-
SFNATORS 4: NAPS 1
riFYTT.AND May 12. Gallia held
Cleveland to three hits and Wash
ington won. Barbv also was effec
tive ht Washington managed to
hunch hits in two innings while
.Turtle's triple was responsible for a
"ii in the fifth.
Washington . . .000 110 020 t
Cleveland .... 000 100 000 1
Gallia and Henry! Bapby
O'Neill.
Portland
Hogg and Bassler;
Fisher. 12 innings.
.4 6 2
Brenton and
Western League
At Des Moines:
St. Joseph 5 8
Des Moines 7 10 2
Towell. Haley and Moore; Berger
and Breen.
At Sioux City
Wichita 12 IS
Sioux Citv 7 14
Baker. Koestner and Tyree; Tedis
co. Grover and Crosby.
S ': 2
Z 1
"and
At Omaha
Omaha 12.14 0
i Denver 1 9 2
Merz and Shaw; Ford. Manser, Hart
man and Shestak, Bartholomey.
WHITF SOX 2: YANKEES 1
CHICAGO. Viv 12. Erratic field
ins by New York gave Chicaeo the
rfelnhia. Rixey and Watson had a i fame. iogri(i?e neio me .nt:ui
i . j m 1 1'
battle until the fourth when Pliila- M'iree seaueren mis. u- noT
rtelphia began hitting.
Pt. Louis 000 000 1001 5 0
' daring base running in the first in
ilnin? after drawing a pass, and an
Philadelphia . . .000 210 00 -
Watson. North and Snyder; Rixey
and Killifer.
At Boston Pittsburg- and Boston
gaiie postponed wet grounds.
4
7 i error scored the first run. while Hon-
NEW SHOES WON'T
. HURT AFTER THIS
Cincinnati man tells how to
shrivel ud corns so they
lift out.
Ouch !?!?!! This kind of rough
talk will' be heard less here in town if
people troubled with corns will follow
the simple advice of this Cincinnati
authority, who claims that a few drops
of a drug called freezone when applied
to a tender, aching corh stops sorne
ness at bnce, and soon the corn dries
up and lifts right out without pain.
He says treezone is a sticky sub
stance which dries immediately and
never Inflames or even Irritates the
surrounding tissue or skin. A quarter
of an ounce, which will cost very little
at any drug store. Is said to be suffi
cient to remove every hard or soft
corn or callus from one's feet Millions
of American women will welcome this
announcement Vince the inauguration j
of the high heels. ' (Advertisement) I
drix's muff of E. Collins flv and Pinp's
error on Jackson's grounder resulted
in the olher run.
New York : 000 100 0001 7 4
Chicago 100 100 00 2 3 1
Moeridsre and Nunamaker; Scott
and Schalk.
At Lincoln
Joplin 8 11 3
Lincoln 2 6
Hall and Monroe; Halla and Rob
rer.
American Association
At Minneapolis. 2; Toledo 4.
At Milwaukee, 3; Louisville 5.
At Kansas City. 3; Columbus 10.
At St. Paul 3. Indianapolis 4.
CROWNS 4: ATHLETICS 0
ST. LOUIS. May 12. St. Louis shut
out Philadelphia. In the first inning
two singles, a double, an out. and
a wild throw by Mclnnis produced
three runs.
Philadelphia . . .000 000 0000 9 1
St. Louis 300 100 00 4 8 0
Falkenburg. Sefbold and Schang;
Sothoron and Severeid.
Coast Results
At Los Angeles
Oakland '.
Verncn
Burns and Murray;
Simon.
6 13 3
3 10 3
Quinn and
At San Francisco
Salt Lake
San Francisco
Hughes. Pchinckel and
Baum and Baker.
At Portland
Los Angeles
..293
..5 8 1
Hannah;
.3 13 2
Southern Association
At Atlanta, 0; Memphis 1.
At Birmingham 3r Little Rock 5
At Mobile. 3: Chattanooga 7.
At New Orleans, 2. 5; Nashville
1. 1.
HOW THEY STAND
AMERICAN
r r ti r r ur "l ccr 0
1,1... .1 .1 ,
W. L. Pet.
Boston . . .. 15 5 .750
New York 12 8 .600
Chicago 15 12 .556
Cleveland 13 13 .500
St Louis l 12 .520
Detroit 8 14 .364
Philadelphia 7 13 .333
Washington 8 14 .364
NATIONAL
W. L. Pet.
Nw York ..-13 5 .722
Chicago 18 9 .667
St. Louis 12 10 .545
Philadelphia 11 8 .579
! Boston 8 9 .471
Cincinnati 11 16 .407
Pittsburg 8 16 .333
Brooklyn 5 13 .278
i
The Aluminum Six
7 with Magnetic Gear Shi
Premier Negotiates Hills and Mud and
Hard Going with Greater Ease and Uses
the Low Gears Less Than Other Cars
WHEN the steepness of the hill, or the depth
of the soggy spring road forces other cars
into their lowest gears, Premier hangs on
in high, or if the going is too very bad she clicks into
second or first and as quickly clicks back into high
without a moment's loss of momentum.
Aside from the luxury of shifting gears with push
buttons, it is a great practical help on bad roads. It
can be demonstrated that Premier can negotiate spots
that no other car made can plow through,
thanks to her instantaneous command of her
gears. v
These statements are made advisedly
nd can be demonstrated to YOU.
N?4
Lowell, Arizona.
E. P. NORTON
DEALER
(Cochise County)
xV
V 4' !
M
,..- A
"
DICKENS' "TALE OF
TWO CITIES" PLAYS
HERE AT THE ORPHEUM
William Farnum, Fox Star,
Appears Monday, Tuesday
And Wednesday In Famous
English Novel
"Charles Pickers did not have the
courage of his convictions." That is
the announcement which Frank Lloyd
well-known director of William Fox
films, has made after a most pains
taking study of Dickens' masterpiece.
"A Tale of Two Cities."
This feature comes to the Orph
enm for three days beginning Mon
day. Mr. Lloyd Is one of the most
highly educated and cultured men in
the motion picture business today. He
is one of the few figures in it who
look upon the work as an art and
not an industry. That was why he
was selected by William Fox for the
master-task of filming the Super De
Luxe production of "A Tale of Two
Cities." with William Farnum in the
loading1 role.
The director was five weeks prel
paring for his picture, re-reading his
Dickens, and going through marked
passages about the French Revolu
tion in all the histories ever written
upon It. His careful study of Dickens
his style and manner of thinking
the cources on which he drew In writ
ing "A Tale of Two Cities," con
vinced the director that the great
novelist had not said all that he had
meant in his story of London and
Paris.
"When Dickens began writing this
novel," said Mr. LJoyd. "he meant
to make Sidney Carton an Illegitimate
child of the Marquis De Evremonde,
and a cousin of Charles Darnay. He
knew that cities would object that
the likeness between the two would
not bave been so striking. If there
had not been some natural reason
for it. To this end, he Intended to
make Carton the son of the old Mar
quis and the peasant girl whom Dr.
Manette found dying In the garret.
"I have several reasons for mak
ing this statement. Dickens was so
much of an artist that he realized
what value would be in thus tighten
ing the strings of his plot. He knew
that he would gain a greater concen
tration of story. He knew, too, that
he would thus explain away the re
semblance between the two friends,
and this was the big point open to
objection in his novel. It was the
most vulnerable spot, "and Dickens
knew it. .'"it ., v
"But the novelist was too Victor
ian. He could not get away from
the conventions of his time, which
would have been outraged by such
en origin for a hero, and could not
have accepted Sidney Carton's sac
rifice as anything except a just pun
ishment for his having come unwant
ed into the world. He knew that
the narrow prejudices of his tjime
would make his hero's act smaller
and fless noble, merely because his
hero was un-armed.
"So the mind or the artist suc-
sumbed to the mind of the man, and
Dickens introduced Sidney Carton
without any enlighteningment as to
his antecedents. I think it was a
case of his not having the courage
of his convictions."
DOUGLAS FAIRBANKS
AT CENTRAL TODAY
Some Vif the funniest scenes ever
thrown on a screen are announced as
features of the new Triangla-Douglas
Fairbanks picture, "The Matrimaniac,"
which will be shown at the Central
theatre today only. They occur when
Fairbanks and a clergyman attempt to
do some traveling on a small white
jackass. There have been many four
legged actors in the films, but none, h
is said, which have played their parts
more capably than this long eared cj
median, which concludes its vtrt of
the performance by wrapping its front
legs around Doug's neck and brinring
him. the minister and itself to the
ground in one squirming heap.
"HEARTS AFIRE" AT
LYRIC TOMORROW
Art critics who have seen "Hearts
Afire" declare that the film should be
preserved In the archives of the na
tional art institutes because of the ex
traordinary beauty of the snow scenes
found in this feature. No more beauti
ful snow scenes haev ever been shown
than are seen In this offering. "Hearts
Afire" will be shown at the Lyric tomorrow.
LEAVES FOR MONTANA.
Mrs. M. S. McGraw, a nurse in one
local hospitals will leave shortly for
Nevada where she intends taking up
some government land. She has been
in Bisbee for about five years. Friday
night Mrs. Duffy, the matron at the
hospital entertained with a farewell
party.
RUSSIANS RESUME
OFFENSIVE MOVE:
(Continued From Pase One)
The German war office asserts that
the French were driven back at Bov
elle ridpe near ferny. There has been
a violent artillery duel near Avocourt
on the left bank of the Meuse. on the
Verdun front. The French delivered
several attacks on the hills east of Ber
ry au Bac. which the Germans claim
were repulsed.
Resumption of the offensive move
ment by the Russian forces operating
in conjunction with the British cam
paign in Mesopotamia was announces
Saturday by the Russian war office.
The Russian troops crossed the river
Diala in pursuit of the Turkish forces
which had retreated before the Brit
ish advance and taken refuge in the
Jabel Hamrin hills, about lflt) miles
northwest of Bagdad.
Farther north on the Caucasus front,
both Russian and Turkish forces have
been on the offensive with alternate
advance and retreat, the result of
which seems to have left the situation
there unchanged. In Masedonia the
Serbian troops have captured and held
against counter attacks several
trenches on Dohropolye heights east
of the Cerna river.
Signs of renewed activity on the
part of the British army invading Pal
estine are evident. Turkish positions
near Gaza have been bombarded.
The German admiralty ' asserts a
British destroyer was sunk In a naval
engagement between the Dutch and
English coasts on Thursday. See
brugge, on the Belgian coast, was
heavily bombarded by warships early
Saturday morning.
A GRADUATE
NURSE
Why She Recommends Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound.
Chicago, TiL "I was in poor health
for two years, caused by a displacement.
ana aarmp six
months of this time
was under a doc
tor's care without
fetting any help,
decide! to try
Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Com
pound and it made
cie feel like a new
woman. I am en
tirely relieved of
the displacement
and am now the mother of a beauuful
healthy beby. I am a graduate cursa
and will be glad to recommend Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound to
other women." Mrs. R. W. Sloan,
So. Park Avenue, Chicago. I1L
There are many women who suffer
as Mrs. Sloan did and who are being
benefited by thi3 great medicine every
day. It has helped thousands of women
who have been troubled with displace
ments, inflammation, ulceration, irreg
ularities, periodic pains, backache, that
bearing down feeling, indigestion, and
nervous prostration.
If you need special advice writa
Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co. (confi
dential), Lynn, Mass.
. New York American says Charles
R. Crane of Chicago, already in Rus
sia, may be a member of American
commission to Russia, also Dean Har
per of University of Chicago.
"MOTHERHOOD" BIG j
FEATURE OF MOMENT j
i
Author of Tday' Feature Atl
Orpheum Well Known
Man of Letters.
of
th
in
Frederick Arnold Kummer, author
Motherhood" appearing today at
the Orpheum, has been engaged in
literary work for nine years and In
that time has attained an internation-
repitfation as a novelist, short
story writer, dramatist and writer for
e screen.
Mr. Kummer first actively engaged
literary work In 1908 and since
then has published under his own
name or the pen name of Arnold
Fredericks, eight novels, a volume of
verse, a volume of the European war;
Has written and had produoed six
nlays: has contributed a large num
ber of stories to the best magazines:
nd has Been reproduced on the
screen, or sold for such reproduction
over twenty-five photoplays.
Mr. Rummer's short stories have
ppeared in "The Century." "Smart
Harper's Bazaar." "Cosraopol-
an. "Pictorial Heview" ana me
Red Book."
Set,'
it
PROPER FOOD FOR WEAK
STOMACHS
The proper food for one man may
be all wrong for another. Every one
hould adopt a diet suited to his age
and occupation. Those who have
weak stomachs need to be especially
careful and should eat slowly and mas-
Icate their food thoroughly. It Is also
important that thev Veep their bowels
regular. When they become consti
pated or when they feel dull and stuplT
after eating, they should take Cham
berlain's Tablets to strengthen the
stomach and move the bowels. They
""'ss ,,ilir-
mm mmM$Xw$0A-
1 mk
"Sfefe,. :
L" ' r
IN all our experience through changing seasons and evolution of styles, we never
have seen more satisfying things than the I9l 7 offerings for men's wear. The mili
tary effects in our suits for Spring and Summer give a finishing touch to the whole
impression you'll get when you look through our store. The models shown in the illus
tration are indications of the appropriate designs that are being shown at this store now.
Come early and enjoy the widest selection. In the new cravats, shirts and hose you ll
find color combinations and values that seem to reflect the spirit of the times.
JUST A WORD Now is a good time to watch your step in buying things 10
wear, as well as all other things. Our merchandise will always come as near to our
fast standard as it is possible for us to keep it. Present profits will not influence us to
play with our customers.
Prices have advanced hardly any in most of our lines of "known" merchandise and
reasonable advances where any.
Schwartz Bros. Co.
(THE SAFE PLACE)
(MAIN STREET)
re easy to take and pleasant In ef
fect. Adv. j FOUR
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second Clasp Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH I .75
THREE MONTHS .' 2.25
SIX MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.60
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter .75
No Subscription Taken For Leaa Than 75 Cent
PHONE NO. 39.
Aeview subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review wfll con
sider it a favor if the irregularity of delivery Is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Sunday Morning, May 13, 1917.
THE THANKS OF ARIZONA.
In the death of Joseph Benson Foraker, former United
States senator from the State of Ohio, the state of Ari
zona lost a good friend and one, who in a time of need.
saved this commonwealth from a fate which might have
worked great hardship on the state joint statehood with
New Mexico. t
.. Senator Foraker died at his home in Cincinnati on
May 10, He had been in ill health since his retirement
from the senate in 1909. Te state of Ohio and the entire
country lost, in his demise, one of its most prominent
and during the years, of his activity, and capable men
in public life.
Arizona's debt to Senator Foraker lay in his determin
ation, to a successful issue, that the people of the then
territory should have something to say on the matter
of joint statehood. President Roosevelf wanted two Re
publican senators from this region the Southwest He
realized that New Mexico would send two senators of
the Republicans faith and was ' equally certain that the
representation from Arizona would be of the opposite poli
tical party. With other Republican leaders it was de
cided that the two state should be combined and the'
result would be two Republican senators from the one
state.
Senator Foraker, leader in the upper house of congress,
- a leader in national Republican politics for years, the man
who placed William McKinley's name in nomination be
fore the conventions in 1S96 and again in 1900 opposed
the plan. The joint statehood bill passed the lower
house, without the referendum clause. When it arrived
in the Senate, Faroker insisted that it should be so
amended as to allow the people of Arizona and of New
Mexico to vote on the question of joint statehood. The
Ohio representative in the upper house did this in op
position to the leaders of his party and to the president.
He saved Arizona, however, for when the votes were
cast it was found that New Mexico was willing to domin
ate Arizona while Arizona objected to that domination.
GOD ALMIGHTY HATES A QUITTER.
Mr. William Randolph Hearst is recommending a
course of conduct for this nation at war which it is diffi
cult for us to understand, and, we believe as time goes
by will be even more difficult for him to explain, says the
Chicago Tribune, editorially. The Tribune in a previous
editorial called attention to the remarkable want of logical
connection between Mr. Hearst's premises and tbe con
clusion he urged the goevrnment to adopt. Germany.'
he pointed out with force and eloquence, was an uncon
quered Titan who might be able to overthrow his oppon
ents in Europe and after disposing of them might act
upon us.
Did Mr. Hearst conclude from this very reasonable esti
mate of the war situation that we ought to hasten to the
aid of Germany's opponents and help them defeat her?
He did not. He advised and is still advising the opposite.
He has been urging the government not to help tbe allies
but to try to prepare to defend our country after the allies
are defeated and we must fight alone. Mr. Heart allege
that this is common sense. If it is, then two and two
make seven. If a man who expected to be attacked by
a pugilist saw him fighting with two other men and pro
ceeded to wait till the fight was over and his possible
allies beaten he would be in for a beating himself aDd
he would deserve it as both a poltroon nad a chump.
Mr. Heart clings to his policy even now that we are
in the war formally, and committed as fully as an hon
orable nation can be committed to the com man task of
btopping the Gprman war machine.
This persistence seems to us not only unexplalnable
from the standpoint of reason but even, in the present
circumstance's, sinister. Mr. Hearst's latest utterance
practically gives up the fight for the allies. He says hp
would be glad to see us help them "if there were any
chance that our aid could be great enough and could be
sent soon enough to save them."
This is an unfortunate note for a great American news
paper published to strike at such a time. Mr. Hearst has
never had the reputation of being a quitter. He liar
fought many hard fights in the newspaper field and 'n
politics. He has won and he has lost, but he has fought
hard. : To counsel our backing down, filling our pockets
with stones, and making fur a tree does not seem cliar
acteristic and is certainly deplorable.
At the head of this editorial Is a proverb, rought. per
haps, but not irreverent, and expressive of something
deep in the American character, "God Almighty hates a
quitter," and Americans are not quitters. The case of
heroic France and plucky Britain may be as bad as Mr
Hearst declares with somewhat Olympian certainty. The
new Russian democracy may show that it is fonder of its
skin than hateful of military autocracy. Italy's knees
may quake, but Mr. Hearst is ill advised if. he thinks that
will whiten the cheeks of Uncle Sam or get his teeth
to chattering.
Mr. Hearst has done admirable service in waking his
readers to a sense of the gravity of the world war and
of the necessity for thorough preparation for national j
defense, including universal service. But he is likely i
to wipe out that service by sounding the note of retreat
just as we enter the field. If his reasoning has been in
comprehensible in logic, his spirit is now deplorable.
Every inflsence he or any other editor can use should
now be for victory.
It may be argued that abuse of the government is the
patriotic duty of editors, instancing the conspicuous case
of Lord Northcliffe. The analogy does not appear. Lord '
Northcliffe did not belabor the government into retreat
ing. He belabored it into going forward. He was the
most forceful supporter of vigorous, practical, aggressive
way making. He did not appeal to the government to
keep all its soldiers at home and all its ships in port.
His great service was that he invigorated the govern
ment and saw from the first that the war could only be
won by the most courageous, resourceful, and aggressive
assault upon the enemy wherever he could be struck.
Nothing could be farther from Northcliffe's policy than
the fatal fallacy that war can be won by letting the enemy
beat your allies first and yourself at nis leisure.
We are in and we are going to win. God Almighty and
the American people hate a quitter. The worse off the
allies are, the more need of America's strength. This is
bo time for preaching desertion. America is peace loving
but not cowardly. If the odds are heavy, both self-defense
and self-respect demand that we should get into the fight
for all we are worth and fight to the finish. What would
Mr. Hearst say if England should draw back all her array
to England and set them to building submarine defence
boats while France died?
God Almighty hates a quitter, and America is not a
quitter. America is going through, and she is going
through to victory.
E3
OUR WOODEN SHIPS.
It has been announced from Washington that the gov
ernment, after raking the country for ship-carpenters to
work on the new wooden steamships, has been able to
find only 15,000 men. At the very least, there are 75,000
needed.
The only answer to this is. the necessary men have
got to be found. Surely in a nation that numbers mil
lions of men trained in building trades, there can be
found 75,000 capable of doing this work. What do the
boasted skill. Intelligence and adaptability of the Ameri
can workman amount to, if a man having a general know
ledge of carpentry cannot turn quickly and easily to the
shaping and fitting of boards and timbers in the new
ships, when every detail is worked out and there is noth- j
ing to do but follow instructions?
The submarine peril is growing to alarming propor
tions. We have got to meet it, and meet it promptly, t:
we do not want to see tbe Atlantic closed, our foreign
commerce annihilated, our allies overwhelmed with dis
aster and ourselves left to meet the vengeance of ruthless
and succssful Prussianism. The wooden ships are re
garded as the most promising device in sight to ccnibat
the peril with a fair chance of success.
The government itself has undertaken to build these
ships, with a public fund that can be added to indefinite
The plans are perfected. . The type is a new one, said
to represent a high degree of efficiency. Each veessel
will be a trifle less than 300 feet long, with 46 feet beam
and 26 feet depth, and a cargo capacity of about 4,000
tons. It will burn crude oil. making little smoke so as tc
avoid attracting attention, and will make ordinarily about
10 knots an hour, with an emergency speed cf twelve
or thirteen knots. The cost will be around $300,001'
piece, about half the cost of a steel vessel of the same
capacity.
Such wooden craft, if well built, will outlast steel hull.
Their particular merit, however, is the fact that, at a
time when all the shipyards are busy with orders for
steel Vessels, and steel plates are almost impossible to
get there is unlimited material for making the wooden
ships, and they can be built by utilizing outside resources
and leaving the established shipyards free to continue
their work on war vessels. The construction is stand
ardized. representing the last word in Industrial effi
ciency. Parts can be made anywhere and assembled on
the seacoast.
Every wooden ship will be armed, and will therefor?
be an addition to our defensive fleet. It will be manned
by 35 sailors, in addition to gunners.
Turning out these ships is expected to be a six months'
job. Possibly the time can eventually be shortened to
four months. The "procession" is expected to start next
October or November. The present plan calls for 1.000
hips. The number may run to 2.000 or 3,000 before
we're through. Once started, there will be three or four
hips a day joining the procession. If Germany sinks
more than that we shall have to build more.
The big thing is to get the procession started as soon
as possible. If necessary, the workmen will have to be
drafted. These wooden ships are as vital as battleships.
nd every man who helps to make one is serving the na
tion in as important a capacity as if he were a gunner in
the navy or a soldier fighting in France.
Let It not be forgotten that the congressman who put
through the army bill making available the full military
power of the United States was Julius Kahn, a Californ
ian born in Germany.
Thousands of Kitchens
Will Be
This Summer
GOO
Will Yours?
BO
y 1111 'ii
L RELIABLE " j
OAS RANGES
Equip your kitchen with a GAS RANGE and a GAS FIRED WATER HEATER and free your kitchen tasks'
from all disagreeable features.. N
CLEAN, practically without effort on your part, because dust and ashes are eliminated. EFFICIENT, because
a gas range and water heater will do your cooking and baking and pro
vide abundant hot water at the lowest possible expenditure of time
and fuel.
1&ssCS35n
far RUABLE 1 (ijliMlfj
OAS RANGES
COMFORTABLE not only in a physical sense, but because of
relief from the many worries that beset the particular housekeeper who
must depend upon an uncertain coal range.
We have a complete assortment of gas ranges on display, as well
as the different types of water heater. An investigation will place you
under no obligation. Call at our store or ask us to send a represent -
tive- ...;L2 '
Bisbee Improvement Co
SUMMER FARES
TO CALIFORNIA
BISBEE TO A
Los Angeles and
return . $39 . 25
Long Beach, San
Pedro, Ocean
Park, Santa
Monica and re
turn 40.00
San Diego and re
turn Santa Barbara
and return .... 44.25
San Francisco
and return . .
B
$33.00
33.59
38,00
37. CO
49.25
- A Tickets on sale daily. April 27 to Sept.
30. limit Nov. SO.
B Tickets on sale each Friday and Satur
day, April 27 to September 29, lima
15 days from date of sale.
Reduced fares to many other California points.
Ask the Agent for Particulars
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
UTAH WILL TAX MINING
COMPANIES' TAX RESERVES
(By Review Leased Wire).
SALT LAKE CITY. May 11. Cash
rserves of mining companies in Utah
are subject to taxation and are to
assessed this year for the first time.
according, to a ruling handed down
today by the state board of equiliza
tion. The taxable property of the
state will be increased $50,000,000 by
the ruling, it was said.
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
CONCISE RECORD
It pays to pay by check.
It is not only the safest way, but en
ables you to make a concise record of pay
ment. Accounts subj'ect to check are cordially
invited.
3fW
i
Long Trail Garage
Johnson Addition
OPEN FOR BUSINESS
Having secured the services cf Mr. Harry Brodie, formerly wifi
Howard Bros. 'Motor Co Los Angeles, Calif., we are prepared to render
expert service on ignition and motor troubles. .Mr. Brodie has had
years of practical experience and we consider ourselves extremely
fortunate in being able to secure his services for our patrons. Mr.
Frank Martin, one of the proprietors is also a man with years of prac
tical experience and under his supervision we will do general repair
ing, re-build motors, repair generators, starters and magnetos. .Free
examination and no charge for miror adjustments.
OFFICIAL A C A GARAGE
Will carry full line of accessories. Open in about 10 days.
TV
a
CHOICE
Conservative management and strength
commend this Bank to your considera
tion. '
The Checking Account of individuals
are especially welcomed. ,
AH business entrutsed to us will receivr
prompt and careful attention.
Bank with us.
islands
Santa Catalina
Enjoy your summer outing at this beautiful isle of the Pacific,
where the air is delightful and where the Bithing, Boating and Fishing
cannot be surpassed.
BAND CONCERTS and DANCING, beginning June 30th, free only
to the patrons of the Wilmington Transportation Company (Banning
Line), operating steamers "Cabrillo" and "Hermosa."
The ideal resort at which to spend your vacation.
ISLAND VILLA and CANVAS CITY are special features. Good
accomodations at moderate ratea. v
BANNING COMPANY, Agents.
104 Pacific Electric Building. Los Angeles, California.
SCIENCE INSTITUTE ASKS 1 MRS. LOW IS RE-ELECTED
NATIONAL PROHIBITION j . HEAD OF GIRL SCOUTS
v- V. YOkK. May 12, The Na-! rj
lional Institute of Social Sciences to- j I;y Heview Leased Wire),
ninht adopted a resolution calliiiK j NEW YORK. May 12. Mrs. Jul
upon the I'renident an congress to I lette I-ow of Savannah, Georgia, was
suppress the manufacture. Importa- j re-elected president of Hie National
tion and sale of liquor during thejlJirl Kiuufs here today. All the other
war. and for oue year thereafter. officers also were re-elected.
With Money
That's the way wealth has been gained ever since the
world started.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is making money for you with .the four per cent
interest which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT
GROW!
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbes, Arizona.
Will E. McKee, President C. A. McDonald, Cashier
O. W. Wolf, Assistant Cashier.
I THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 13, 1917.
FIVE
D. A. PRESSLY, President
J. B. TOMPKINS. Vice-President
i
R. A. CLAMPITT. Secretary-Treasurer
Lovisiana
Arizona Coppe
Minin
AUTHORIZED CAPITAL $2,000,000.00
Pott Office Box 52
BISBEE, ... . ARIZONA
he Louisiana-Arizona Copper Mining Co., after several weeks
work-m the property has struck a body of ere in the shaft. The ore
is a Qnbination of silver, copper, lead and geld.
Th company has 31 full mining claims which are well mineralized
and ha been highly recpmniended by some of the best mining en
gineers a the state.
Mr. t. p. Collins, Engineer of mines and general manager of In
spirationviiami Copper Co., report in the property says it is of merit,
and can jcommend to any one wishing to make a safe Investment.
Reports uon same can be had by calling at the company s office.
Remetbor the number of mines in the Warren Mining district,
and if you d bought in on soma cf thete at first. Tuesday, May 15th
will be the ist day you can buy stck in the Louisiana-Arizona Copper
Mining Co., t 50c per eSare.
Wo -6.
MAZE BLDG.
ASST. SECRETARY
CULINARY ARTST IS
. SLATED F0R3ISBEE
IN THE NEAR FUTURE
Mrs. Edna Evans, Demonstrat
or And Lecturer, Appears
Here May 28 To June 2,
Before Economics Depart
ment of 20th Century' Club.
Taking as her theme the efficiency
and economy in cooking Mrs. Edna
Evans, a prominent expert in the cul
inary art, will conduct a serits of
demonstration lectures in Bisbea durr
ing the week of May 23 to Jujie 2.
The lectures and demonstrations, will
y be made under the auspices ofj the
Home Economics Department of the
Twentieth Century club and wiil be
given at the Women's club house on
Quality Hill.
Mrs. Evans has been a le'cturer
and demonstrator in her own partic
ular line for years and has been es
pecially occupied with her work at
Tarious points on the Pacific Coast.
Some time ago she completed! hef
tl.ird annual demonstration and show
for the El Paso Herald, in El Paso.
Hr ability and the worth' of her
work has become impressed in El
Paso . and is remarkably well attended.
In bringing Mrs. Evans to the War
ren District for her demonstrations
. and lectures, the Twentieth Century
club has accomplished a work which
the Economics Department cf that
organization started some months
ago. The women in the club are ee-
BASE1
Today, May 13
COPPER QUEEN vs. 11TH INFANTRY
At Douglas
2:30
PLAYERS LEAVE AMERICAN STAGE STAND,
BISBEE, IN SPECIAL CARS AT 9:00 A. M.
Arrangements have been made with the American
Stage to keep special cars on the stand to take care of
the crowd. "NO WAITING."
MAKE RESERVATIONS
g Co.
Johnson
ROOM NO. 15
Kentucky Horsemen
Offer Huge Purse
(By Review Leased Wire).
LEXINGTON, Ky., May 12. Ninety
thousand dollars are offered on the
program announced today for the for
ty-fifth annual meetingjf the Kentuck
j Trotting Horse Breeders' Association,
October 1 to 13. Of this amount $50,
'ooO will be awarded in the stake ev
l ents while the remaining $10,000 will
ibe given in the purse events. Tho
! Kentucky Futurity for three year old
! trotters will have a stake of $14,000.
PENNSYLVANIA ATHLETE
IS WRESTLING CHAMPION
(By Review Leas-ed Wire).
ATLANTIC CITV, N. J., May 12.
Dexter Very, all-American and in 1911
aud 1912, of Pennsylvania state and
one of the best wrestlers during his
collegiate career won the light heavy
weight championships at the. A. A. U.
wrestling tournament here tonight.
Carl Kunert, Indiana Y. M. C. A. was
his opponent in both finals. Kunert
was tossed in four minutes and 34
seconds in the light-heavy weight
event. ;The heavyweight match was
won on decision.
NORTHWESTERN DEFEATS
INDIANA UNIVERSITY
CHICAGO. May 12. The North
western University track -team defeat -
i
j ed Indiana University, 77 to 58 in a
dual meet here today.
pecially anxious that all take advan
tage of the opportunity to see Mrs.
Evans work and to hear her lectures
cn the subject.
5ALL
P. M.
EARLY
PHONE 366
TWENTY-THREE HIGH
SCHOOL STUDENTS TO
BE GIVEN DIPLOMAS
Commencement Week Here
Will Start Next Sunday Af
ternoon With Baccalaureate
Sermon By Rev. Fry.
Commencement week at the i'jeal
High School will start one week from
today, when the Baccalaureate Sermon
will be delivered at 3:00 o'clock in the
afternoon. The school play, the sec
ond number of commencement week,
will be presented in the High School
auditorium tne following Tuesday
niht. Class Day exercises will , be
'held at 8:15 o'clock Wednesday eve
ning and Friday evening, at the same
time, the graduation eexreises will be
held. The principal address will be
delivered by Prof. Frank C. Lock wood
'of the University of Arizona.
! The officers of the senior class this
jyear are Katherine Kinsella, presid
ent, and Roberta Sinclair, secretary
land treasurer.
The following popular young will be
: given diprbmas at the graduation ex
ercises: Olga Naida Angius, Edwin
Felts Baldwin, Alice Blanche, Frere
ton, Anna Barbara Davis, Myrtle Ew
ing, Benita Virginia Garcia, Kather
Irene Kinsella, Martha McRae, Nina
Alberta Marshall, Corona Faustina Mi
chaels, Josiah Joseph Vivian Muirhead,
George Edward Rafferty, Clarke
Theodore Richardson, oRsamond Eliz
abeth Shreve, Roberta Sweet Sinclair.
Wilma Groves Smith, Alfred Edward
Truscott, Jessie Evelyn Wacek, Tho-
mas Jay Wallace, Lucile Esther Wat-
.kins, Blanche Marie Werner, Griffith
John Williams, Jr., Ethel Louise Woll
man. LOCAL WILLARD MAN
HAS TO BE DETECTIVE
No part of an rutomobile shows
more quickly the e'fect of abuse than
the storage battery, and each particul
ar form of abuse has its definite sign,
acco'rdin gto Mr. Rogers, the local Wil
lard service man, at Lowell.
"We men ia the autom'jbilc busi
ness," says Mr. Rogers, "iiear a great
deal about guarantees being abused,
but battery men are never bothered
with that kind of thing.
"U'e don't have to be wizards to
discover when a guarantee is being
overstepped for the battery tells its
own story.
"A man comes into us with a bat
tery 'which he says is practically new
and winch he thinks he has given the
best of attention, but he says it will
not hold the charge. He Tjrthwith
demands a new battery.
"We take his battery down aud find
perhaps that the upper half of tae
plates is covered with white sulphate
and that there is a sharp line of dem
arcation between the upper and lower
Halves.
"The battery has told us the whole
story. The owner might have thought
thai he was treating it carefully when
he did not use it to run the automobile
or when he was practising econ'omy of
current in starting and lighting. But
he has never filled it with distilled
water. The water in tne battery has
evaporated; only the lower half of the
plates had been exposed to the action
of the electrolyte. The capacity of
the battery naturally has been cut in
two and the upper half of the plates
has been ruined. No wonder that it
wouldn't hold the charge.
SUBMITS REPORT Gil
LOCAL DAIRY MILK
Tests of milk, distributed in the city,
made Monday by Dr. R. B. Durfee.
city bacteriologist, snow the follow
ing results:
Class A.
Butter Fat Bad. P. C. F
M. & G. . . .
San Jose . .
. . o.
..4.2
..4.1
..4.
..4.
..3.9
35,000 85.47
25.000
20.000
4,000
8,000
5,000
86.88
87.58
87.02
86.25
86.84
II. Hussan .
j Warren Ranch
Kirkland . '.
Stark
j Class B.
; W'ohlechlager
Class C.
iPure M. D. .
.3.6 1.0(10,000 87.78
.3.7 200,000 87.33
SECRETARY REDFIELD ASKS
FARMERS TO RAISE FISH.
(By Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON, May 12. Secretary
ledfield wants every farmer to have a
pond and raise fish.
"Why shouldn't a farmer raise fish
as well as chickens?" asKfd the sec
retary today, discussing means to in
crease the national supply of food. In
doing its part to increase the food sup
ply, the fisheries bureau has been in
strumental in bringing long neglected
food fish to the market at the rate 'of
20.000.000 pounds a year
PROVISIONAL GOVERNMENT
OF RUSSIA PLEDGES LOYALTY
WASHINGTON. May 12. General
support of the provisional government
was voiced in the report of 43 pro
visional governors, representing prac
tically all European Russia, who as
sembled at Petrograd IViay 5. accord
ing to an dllicial telegram. The tele
gram showed improving conditions.
SAYS FEWER JEWS
WILL COME TO V ?
Vf
v " ' '
V
ICS J- ..a,
4iM
&&&& jkr&&ts&
7x:
Sir Alfred M. Mond.
The emigration of EusFtr.n J-t-;
to the United States will cvr; y
diMinish, is the EtatenK-nt mjv'- y
Sir Alfred Mond, first commit
of works in the British csbi-i-'
cause conditions that mtu'c f
emigration no lonper opjrht 9
Jew '-as received full liiicrty t. s
sia, j in the United States ami t": .
land." Sir Alfred i3 the only Jewish
member of the present ministry.
COPPER QUEEN WINS
HARD HITTING GAME
IN THE AFTERNOON
In a fast game, featured fey hard hit
ting on both sides, the Copper Queen
team yesterday afternoon won fi'jm
the Junction-Briggs aggregation, 16 to
10. Woods and Snyder copped off in
dividual honors during the contests,
the former catching a long drive b
Vasha in the ninth that brought the
crowd to its feet cheering, and Snyder
getting his share of applause with an
artistic 'one-handed catch. ,
I Harris pitched the entire game for
jthe C. Q., with Bert Whalen on the
receiving end. For the J.-B., Delnias
so heaved the first four innings, until
i relieved by Kilillay, with Sparr wield
ing the big mitt.
1 The Junction-Briggs and Cole Tigers
will play at 2:30 o'clock this afternoon
j at Warren Park. Both teams are sui
jfering from recent defeats and will
itry to win today in order to creep up
la little further in the percentage col
' umn.
The Copper Queen team will to
I Douglas today and play the Eleventh
'infantry crowd, which it defeated last
'Sunday and intends to defeat again to
day. Harris and Harkness will be on
the mound for the Queen and Shaw
will heave for the Eleventh.
The score of yesterday's game:
Copper .Queen ab r h p a e
Van Osdoll, If 5 1 2 0 0 0
McGeehan, 3b ... ...4 3 2X 0 3 1
Carnes, 2b 6 112 6 2
Vache, cf 6 1 2 0 0 0
Curry, lb 6 1 3 12 1 0
Porter, ss 5.2 2 3 1 1
Manzo, rf 4 3 2 1 0 0
Harris, p 5 3 3 0 2 0
Total 47
Junction-Briggs ab
Wojd. 3b 6
Sellin, cf &
16 IS 27 14
h p
2 3
3 2
1 1
1 13
2 5
0- 1
1 0
1 1
3 1
0 0
0 0
0 0
I Core, ss 5
Thomas, lb 5
Mauch, If 1
Wade, If 3
Pettijohn, rf 5
Snyder, 2b 5
Delmasso, p 1
Killilay, p 3
Ford 1
Total 44 10 14 27 6 8
Fort Batted for Killilay in Ninth.
Score .by innings:
Copper Queen 003 7 1041 016
Junct.-Brigcs . 11030023 010
Summary.
Two base hits Vache 2, Curry.
Porter, Harris, Sellin, Spahr. Three
base hits, Snyder, Porter, Manzo.
Home runs Curry, Snyder. Stolen
rase, Manzo. Bases on balls off Kil
lilay 3. off Harris 2. Hit by pitched
ball by Killttay. Van Osdoll. In
nines pitcher by Delmasso 3, by Kil
lilay 6. Hits off Delmasso 6 in 16
tims at bat: off Killilay 12 in 31
times at bat. Sacrifice hit McGee
han. Wild pitch Killilay. Struck
out by Harris 9, by Delmasso 4, by
Killilay 6. Time or game 2:3S. Um
pires Puryear and Deardorff.
Slackers Tabooed
At Montana School
(By Review Leased Wire).
MISSOULA. Mont.. May 12. The
university of Montana authorities de
cided today to expell all slackers and
students who miss military drill will
be sent home.
Mexican government lias warned
Germans in Mexico that any concen
tration iier American border will be
followed immediately by their arrest.
AGRICULTURAL EXPERT
TO LECTURE HERE ON"
FOOD CONSERVATION
Warren District Civic League
Enlists Services of County
Agent In Effort To Increase
Food Supply.
Under the auspices of the Warren
District Civic League, A. L. Paschall,
county agricultural agent, will deliver
a lecture in this city during the com
ing week on "Increasing the Food Sun
ply, and Food Conservation." The
date of the lecture will be announced
as soon as it is definitely learned when
Mr. Paschall will be able to be here.
Mr. Paschall was informed by Prof.
E. P. Taylor, director of the univer
sity extension work, that the Warren
District was deeply interested in the
questions of food conservation and
means of increasing the supply of
foodstuffs. In a recent letter to Capt
GET IN TOUCH WITH
Beginning Monday, May 2 Ist bur two stora at Bisbee and Johnson Addition will
sell Groceries and Meats for Cash Only; From that date on we will discontinue all "credit
business. Watch the daily papers for prices that will open your eyes. You can save
big money and at this time of High Prices a saving is not to be overlooked.
Yours for cheaper living.
Welbourn & Dodds
Bisbee Phone 432
tmi ill m ii-.- - . .
quick starts and lower cost
of electric current, come
in to see us.
And if you do need re
pairs, we have factory
trained battery experts who
can do a good job for you.
Central
John C. Green -ay, the agricultural
agent wrote:
"I am glad to know your interest
in this important matter. I am also
hoping that everybody v. ill quitkly be
come interested in the subject of pro
ducing more and making better use
of that which is produced. I am work
ing with the people along these lines
and have the assistance and co 'opera
tion of the director of exteu.sion and
other experts, of the extension eervice,
experiment station and college of ag
riculture and the V. S. Department of
Agriculture. Not only are the farm
ers making preparation for a greater
crop this year, which crop has already
been partly planted, but the fjys and
girls are also being enrolled for club
work, especially in the Garden Club
work. Seme excellent results have al
ready been noticed.
"On account of other meeting? which
I am scheduled to attend I will not
be able to be in Bisbee before May 16.
I have planned to be there on the eve
ning of May 16 and alo for m'ost of
the day. May 17. I shall be feiad to
assist in whatever way I can."
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
TWO. STORES
.j..Trttrinl ...r. n ..t.. -inMr irwiif - " m -- "''i
mi It
To All Car Owners
Don 't for pet to have
your battery tested
Testing warns you of things you can't
see and might not find out until too late
to prevent trouble.
Testing is free repairs cost money.
I f you want bright lights,
7n tari ntiOn 4my WW
to fit mttHt 1 u fcuury.
L01IMAN & WRIGHT
Theatre Bldg. Lowell, Ariz.
COPPER AGE MILL TO
BE OPERATED SOON
CHLORIDE. Ariz.. 12. The new
mill of the Copper Age will be ready
lor operation by June 1. The new
concentrating plant will bave a daily
capacity of 150 tons, ant while the
method used has never been tried out
in a mill as large as this, it is said
to have been successfully demonstrat
ed in a plant at El Paso. Practically
all the machinery for the new plant
has arrived. Both the Copper Age
and the Staffy plant, which is also
nearing completion will handle cus
tom ore.
FOUR-STORY BUILDING
13 DESTROYED BY FIRE
(By Review Leased Wire).
NEW YORK. May 12. A four story
brick building occupied by the Brook
lyn (Co-operative Company was de
stroyed by fire early today at a loss
of $250,000. The origin of the fire
has not been determined.
THE RIGHT
Johnson Addition 188 4
SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 13, 1917.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
- - --
(By Review Leased Wire).
NEW YORK, May 12. Weakness
of railroad shares with St. Paul com
mon down alnifst three points to 70,
the low recor for over a decade,
was the primary cause of additional
uui:tement diiiMn? the first jliajf
hour of today's brief and altogether
professional session. Other tran
sportation issues were affected In
lesser degree, transcontinentals dnd
coalers, Lehigh Valley excepted and
eastern trunk lines making gross de
clines of 1 to 2 points.
United States Steel rallied from
114; to 116U- Final prices In the
main were at top levels. Total sales.
225,000 shares.
Less Irregularity prevailed In the
foreign exchange market, rubles
scoring further advances to 274 from
yesterday's low record of
Small dealings in bonds, with heav
iness in local issues, featured today's
operations, total sales, par value, $1.
270.000. United States registered 2's lost
one half per cent on call during the
week.
I
WHY
Are The Successful
Business Men of Today
Buying Oil Stocks
BECAUSE The consumption is 200,000 barrels per day more than the
production and unless more oil is produced in the future, auto
: owners and other consumers will be told how many gallons per
per day, they can consume.
BECAUSE The price of oil is advancing and the demand for oil is
growing daily, the cry Is more liquid gold more oil.
BECAUSE Oil has hit the highest mark in history and it is the most
promising business for big quick clean profits.
When careful conservative business men, men who have made a suc
cess of their business, men who, after thorough investigation, invest
their money in this company then surely it is time for you to in
vestigate the ARIZONA-OKLAHOMA OIL & GAS COMPANY and if
you investigate you will buy.
To Our Friends
LISTEN!!!
WE URGE
Arizona-Oklahoma Oil&Gas
Co. - Now $1.25 Per Share
DR. F. E. SHINE, Consulting physician for the Copper Queen
Mining Company.
W. B. GOHRING, Supt of The Calumet & Arizona Mining Co.
L. R. BAILEY, Postmaster of Bisbee and Lowell.
HARRY JENNINGS, Treaa. Higgina Leasing Company.
J. W. HOGAN. Ex-Justice of the peace of Bisbee.
EMIL MARKS, Manager of the Bisbee Lumber Company.
A. T. SOWLE, Manager of The Phelpa Dodge Mercantile Company,
Lowell.
DR. GEO. D. CRAIG, Prominent Dentist of Bisbee.
DAN SEED, of the Real Estate firm of Hogan A Seed.
SAM'L H. KYLE, Attorney at Law.
FRANK HUCKLEBY. of the Calumet & Arizona Mining Company.
W. H. LONG, of the Calumet 4. Arizona Mining Company.
INCORPORATORS
INVESTMENT GUARANTEED THAT EVERY DOLLAR WILL
BE RETURNED to you if 15 days' investigation does not convince
you that this is an opportunity that is not a scheme to sell stock at a
few cents on the dollar and put 50 per cent or more of your money
into some promoter's pocket BUT your OPPORTUNITY to make
money with business men who are going to drill night and day.
ASK ANY BANK OR BANKER ABOUT THESE GENTLEMEN.
INVESTIGATE these men and If you are not satisfied that we have
what we say we Jiave we will give your money back.
OIL is advancing in price. Experts predict $3.00 per barrel within
the next few months. Fortunes have been made when OKLAHOMA
OIL sold at 55 cents a barrel today it is selling at $1.70 with a' hand
some bonus.
OUR STOCK IS NOW SELLING AT $1.25 PER SHARE, IT IS
SUBJECT TO AN IMMEDIATE ADVANCE. BUY TODAY AND JOIN
REAL MEN IN A REAL OPPORTUNITY.
Arizona-Oklahoma Oil and Gas Company.
Free Information Coupon.
THOS. F. BARTON, Sales Agent
Arizona-Oklahoma Oil & Gas Co., at Hogan A Seed, Bisbee, Arizona.
I am Interested in Oil and without obligating myself, request that
you give me all free information regarding your oil promotion.
LEASED WIRE
-- - -- j
CHICAGO GRAINS
CHICAGO. May 12. Excited buy
ing of wheat, far from being demol
ished, took on wilder aspects today
because of drastic measures to stop
the upward flight of prices. Attempts
to enforce calmness appeared only
to augment alarm. The market rose
quicker and further today than In
all the rest of the week put together.
There was a flurry close at the top
most point reached, a net advance
of 22 to 29 cents with July at 2.73
to 2.75 and September at 2.44 to 2.46.
Corn gained 1 to Z and oats
to 2. Provisions finished un
changed to 12 cents higher.
Fright seized traders In wheat as
soon as the fact became evident that
the overnight action of the exchange
directors In barring all transactions
in May delivery had not brought
bout any Jfdiounqed beaiMsTi r-
feet. Issuance of an official state
ment explanation of the action of the
directors in prohibiting all further
business in May wheat contracts was
i construed In some quarters as indi
cating the situation was even more
YOU TO BUY
bullish than had been assumed.
The startling advances continued
unchecked till the last gong, when
the extreme rise from the low point
of the day was 32 cents. The big
gest jump was In the September op
tion. The confirmation of $3.18 as
the settling price for May contracts
was announced just prior to the last
half hour of trading.
Corn and oats were more or less
neglected. May oats reached a new
high level for the season.
Provisions hardened In value with
grain and hogs. Quotations for hogs
were at the topmost record ever
touched, and until this session never
before equalled.
METAL MARKET
NEW YORK. May 12 Bar silver
74. Copper quiet; electrolytic spot
and nearby 31 at 33; third quarter
29 at 30. Later delivery 29.
Closing Quotations May 12, 1917.
(By L. J. Overlock)
New York
Anaconda 77
American Can 41 Vi
American Car 65
American Locomotive GG
American Smelter 97
American Sugar Ill
Atchison 99
Baltimore & Ohio 54
C. & O 56
C. F. & I VA
Canadian Pacific 158
Cntral Leather 8314
Crucible 6514
Distillers 14
Erie 23
! Goodrich 49
General Motors .... 105V&
Indiana Alcohol 121
Marine 27 Vi
'Marine Preferred ,.. 7SV4
.Mexican Petroleum 87V
Mid vale
New York Central 87
Northern Pacific 99V4
Pennsylvania 57
Reading 8G
Rep. Steel 80
Studebaker 87V4
Steel ..." H6
St Paul 71
Southern Pacific 90
Union Pacific 132
United States Marine 53
Westinghouse 47
Boston
Adventure ,
Allouez
Arizona Commercial ..
Alaska '
American zinc
Butte
Chicago & Alton
C. & H
C. Range
Chino ' ...
2
60
12
6V4
29
41V4
7S'4
535
60
53
11
77
40
50
13
2
55
44 .
2
11
3
38
84
1
23
20
7
r.7
83
22
S4
28
24
7
4
79
112
15
3
East Butte ..
Granby
5
G. Can J.
Goldfield
Hancock
Indiana
Inspiration
Kennecott
Keweenaw
Lake
La Salle
Miami
Mohawk
Mayflower ,
Nevada
:N. Butte
iNippinsing
i Old Dominion
Osceola
Pond Creek
Quincy
Ray Consolidated .
Shattuck
Shannon
Superior Boston . . .
St Marys
Utah Copper
Utah Consolidated .,
Winona
Curbs
Arkansas & Arizona
Austin Amazon
Big Jim
Butte & London
Bisbee Copper
California & Jerome
Crystal
Consolidated Arizona
Denn
Dundee
25
70
23
1
85
1
18
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
AND
n
JEROME
Oatma
Stocks
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
Emma 7
Fortuna 1"
Federal Oil f
Oadsden 2
G. Monster 1
G. Island 25
Howe Soirhd 5v
Hecla , 7'N
Hull 30
Inspiration Needles I
Jerome Verde lrs
Jerome Victor 1
Magma Conper 4"
Macma Chief r
Monster Chief
Miami Consolidated ... li .
Maenate '. 82
Pittsburg Jerome
Ray Mercantile V
Santa Rita Vi
Tono Bell 4
Tom Reed 108
United Eastern 410
United Western 2V,
Verde Extension -. 3GV.
Verde Combinft'cn n
Warren 39
Wolverton Arizoni 1
White Caps 1,:
BOSTON, Mass.. May 12. The coo
pers should have a good advance
with no adverse news over Sunday.
Prices should do better n-xt week.
PAINE, WEBBER CO.
OATMAN
(By Collins & Brelierton)
Bid
Adams 02
Arizona Rex
Arizona Tom R 03
Big Jim 70
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy 03
Merry Widow
Oatman Combination
Sunnyside 09
Telluride
Tom Reed 196
United Eastern 4.10
United Northern . 04
United Western : 02
Red Lion
Ask
.05
.25
.00
.72
.05
.15
.04
.10
.00
.10
.20
4.15
.OS
.04
.20
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden 2.00
Green Monster 100
Butte London 24
Dundee 87
Venture Hill
Pittsburg Jerome 37
Jerome Verde 1.09
Arkansas Arizona 25
Jerome Portland
Inspiration Needles 12
Hull Copper 30
Magma Chier 37
Wolverton Arizona 1.50
Miami Mother Lode
Verde Combination 62
Miami Consolidated 13
Bisbee Copper 50
Butte Arizona . . . .......
12
1.12
.25
1.00
.10
.62
1.75
.35
.43
.25
.3S
.50
1.62
.50
.75
.20
.62
.05
Ore. At 200 Feet!
Director James W. Hubbard, developer of Dundee-Arizona, says that the
ore in Great Verde Kxtcn.sion is within 200 feet of the surface. Managing
Director O. S. Wakeling's preparations will be for a 1000 ft. shaft, should
that be necessary.
NEXT IN THE DIRECT TREND OF THE ORE
INITED JEROME VERDl
VERDE fi COPPER I M- A REA
COPPER 6v COMPANY S' Xi VrZRDEl
COPPER 1 V foXTZNSKylAt1 S
3MPANY"f'' mrf Tt.'--'--' ia "f COPPER cyf' f
J ICW KAIllAO AnO KAUIAGC llwrfLS
j;;'r : OH HOairtLltir or Trie GHEAr
'' ' '- "Hl VCHOt IXTtnSllHI
v l .1 : I r'J? 'it T-i ; . ?U sTlrR'
a:;..i. r..i
UNITED VERDE Earning about $1,000,000 monthly. I
UNITED VERDE EXTENSION Earning about $750,000 monthly.
JEROME VERDE has struck 27 per cent copper glance.
DUNDEE-ARIZONA Now shipping 6 to 8 per cent copper from big sur
face deposit.
Great Verde Extension offers the greatest opportunity for the smallest
expenditure of money on any property in the Jrom District.
Its advantages are enormous it is next in tne direct course of the ore
bodies; a 200 foot shaft should find the ore; and ?2"0 expense gives it access
to both wagon and rail transportation.
At forty cents this is beyond iiuestion the best buy in the Jerome District.
Make checks payable to The National Hank of Arizona, Phoenix, Arizona.
Great Verde Extension Syndicate
General Offices, Second Floor Chamber of Commerce
Building.
PHOENIX, ARIZONA
Chas. H. Prahl, Bisbee, Ariz.
THE CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY
121 So. Central Ave. Phoenix, Arizona.
We specialize in Incorporating. Organizing and
Corporate Auditing and Supervise Meetings of Stock
holders and Directors of Corporations.
Write for Booklet "System and the Corporation."
P. O. Box 277R, Phoenix, Arizona.
' Fi.nta Cnn Uishi'e
! Jerome Daisy
! Warren
I Nacozari Consolidated
j Verde Apex
j Calumet Oil
i A jo M. U Co
.50
.4.'
.40
SO
Procheska Calls
Highway Meeting
Otv Review Leased Wire.)
PHOENIX. Mav 12. President Jot '
jV. Prochaska tod;iv issued a rail rot
;the annua lmectinr of the Ocean to
Ocean Highwav Association at Globe, i
Arizona. June S-9 for the district em-
bracing Arizona. New Mexico and!
j Southern California, tl is expected
jthat the envemirs of the three states
I represented will he in attendance, be
' sides delegates from very city of pibm-
;inence in the di.--irict.
LABOR AND MATERIALS
SCARCE IN GERMANY
fRv Review Leased Wire)
AMSTPRDAM. via London. May 12.
(9:12 p. in.). The bitter complaints
! concerning agricultural anaus. m
j ten-d (luriiic the debate in the reich-
st:i5 yesterday, lent interest to the
! sombre descriptions of conditions in
the German countryside emrnatin
; fmm the frontier correspondent of
the Amsterdam IlandelsMat. The
correspondent declares- that the sup
iily of labor is shrinkinc: continuously
and that fertilizer is lacking.
See d.and iili'iiiin? material. lie
says, are ins'ifficient and owlnt, to
:the lack of male laborers agricultural
I operations are much too late and in
adefii:itcly performed, while no pro
: per draft animals are obtainable.
Want your hair to jtyT
Oivc It jome ttenikio. sunlight and
NiTABBO'S Hl.lftClDE. the original
rrmrdy that Ml the dandruM term.
Dun't ira hair tmwen" and rerm
laden hair oru-Mie. Hrrpkide cure
da ml ru ft and atop iuninf o ataip.
Almost martdoua resulto louoar inula.
9
ftecu
9
it at
Applications t t!.o b'tt-r barh.-r thops
Cuaran'cJ V;' The Fl-rp'.cUIo Co.
WATKINS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
The HALIMARK Store
iE$TR S
PILLS
1 UK IIAUbN CRAM.
year, L.riurnfe. ikt. latest. Al"avs Kriui 1
S01B mTdGGSSTS rirfiYMLKf
HHICrS
C.J M-rh.n-trra Ulutaoml JCraodAfW
fA VllU.a IV4 anj ti. l h..-j,Im:
l"Ir. sea.r.1 iia l-!io Rii-Um. V
Tv3 Tbifl n oiar Pt;r ef Tour '
fif lroir-l-. A-.fi ll. III .TFIia.
J.' llA.;TcNr l"t' M fl..L. I.r Si
: ip a
Now is the time to buy a
BEACH LOT
$350
$1.00 Down
$1.00 Per Week
107c Oil on Excess Payments
No Interest No Taxes.
Seashore Colony Tract, Newport 1
Beach.
25 choice sand lots: former price,
J"00. Gas, water and electricity at
baud. Electric cars through tract;
stEl'ms on tract. A bona fide op
por... Lity to double your money
'iui..y.
C L. Lancaster, Owner
C03 Central Bldg., Los Angeles .
Or Newport Beach, Cal.
CATARRH
Cr THE
BLADDER
24 Hours
L-ch Cm- x
Uie tK-ars Uic (Miny)
enrJerson will try and
please you,
W
a.tkins, he
helps too,
umber has gone up
a little as
sual as other
things has,
u
M
B
E
R
ighty good
time to buy
efore things
get so high
ach month you put off
building that home you
un a risk of
having none
ome let us
talk to you,
Ison may offer some
suggestions too.
PHONE 16
O
In Peace or War Your Teeth Need
Attention!
DR. TEUFERT
Sanitary Dental Office
Maze Building
w jl. a r in r-' k
H
i
BISBEE-DOUGLAS STAGE
WINTON SIX
Travel in luxury roomy, comfortable cars; careful, courteous drivers.
Leave Copper Queen Hotel. Risbee and GadsoVn Hotel Douglas on the
hour commencing eight A. M. daily, via Lowe! and Warren. Arrange
ments may be made for private parties and sfecial trips.
MOTOR TRANSIT CO.
Phone. Disbee 9S Phone.. Douglas 342
j Phone, Bisbee 9S Phone.. I)ougUs342
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everythinz at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40 ;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago. j
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Baggage and Transfer
Bisbee to Douglas
I am on the road hauling anything there la to be hauled.
Leave Douglas, Arizona, at 6 o'clock In the morning and leav
Bisoee at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. Leave orders at Victoria
Hotel, Phone 54.
NO TRIPS SUNDAY.
TV
Bisbee Lumber Company, inc
EMIL MARKS. Mgr.
X B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
EYE NERVE GLASS
PermarenJ' locate!
in Bisbf. excett
Mondays n Douglas.
Room 1. faze
Euildine.
DR. R. GLAZE, Neu'oglt.
Phono 156. -Residence
Phone, Bck 420.
O. K. LIVERY aid
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henesy, Prop.
Opposite Depot. ; Ambulance
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Sifldta Your
Patroga
PHONE 58
M. KEANE
High Class Tailor,
Airdone Theatre
Lowell, - Arizona
i
t
PRICES REASONABLE
B. T. McGINNISS.
WE'RE RIGHT ON THE JOB
when it comes to supplying first
class lumber for any purpose.
No matter whether you want a
few boards or beams or lumber
for a big house we will be glad
to sell it to you. And arter you
have used it you'll be glad you
gave us the order.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE 29. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 13, 1917.
SEVEN
EX-FED IS HITTING
HARD FOR PIRATES
I TUn VJir I
Prospector ! (jjt LM
or liner Ster
WUI visit our Hardware ft VSgSM 4(1 f I i
Department where they ft VsS3SS 2T W . H
will find everything 1 P 1 fPf, J ' Ml?
that is necessary for Mv-g ' ' ' ( IA
modern prospecting BS XNHi-S i t ' '7 '! ! H b W i J
and assaying, included 1&tiSeft&m HJMfeJ
are Novo Mining W?Cg!ffe ' iLW-Sl
Hoists that will hoist WxfipIS i iwd3A&i SflPUHfi
600 pounds at 210 feet 1 k ' 'sl . ij
per minute from a WgB j . l f fH'lF
depth of 600 feet, also Vyrrf I iiiH' 1
powder, fuse, caps, cap SE2W.i I i M 1 1 U I iUU -
I protectors, steel, both V 1 !t V I
drill and soft as well as fr j fU U ! fX,
shapes and angles, car- l&SgS I l ul T
Side lamps, carbide, j 7xtf U?7
pipe, pipe fittings, jj ' '
valtta I Bill Fischer.
I " ' H
PROHIBITION TAKES
BIG STRIDE FORWARD
(Continued From i'uge One)
DONT MISS OUR DOL
LAR WINDOW YOU'LL
SEE LOTS OF BARGAINS
YOU HAVE BEEN LOOK
ING FOR
Canadians Honor
French Minister
(By Review Leased Wire).
OTTAWA. Ont., May 12. Canada, ii
officially welcoming Rene Viviani.
minister of justice of France and head
of the French war commission ttj Am
erica, today etxended to him the un
precedented honor of addressing its
parliament.
M. Viviani paid high tribute to the
Canadian soldiers who have consecrat
ed their lives to the cause of liberty
and humanity along with the French
and their allies.
With plenty of worries over thb
team's poor snowing so far, Jimmy
Callahan, Pirate manager, is pleased
to see the heavy hitting of catcher
Bill Fischer. Fischer is an ex-Fed
and caught for Tinker's Chicago
Wnfcles several season ago. H? has
been plavine a trreat came (.lind
fr ' we'' aj nt the bat 'or the Pirates
:n no nas icen a source of cheer, to
f allahan when everything else went
)wron?.
GAS GRENADES AND MOTOR
CARS WORRYING ENEMY
L. L. Gilman
(By Review Leased Wire)
COPENHAGEN' via London. May
12. British armored motor cars and
gas grenades evidently are worrying
the Germans. Lieut. General von
Ardenne. the new military expert of
the Berlin Tageblatt, who has just
returned from the western front, at
tributes the success of the British
in their opening drive at Arras on
April 9, largely to gas shells. Hcl
claims cn the other hand that the
French suffered equally from the Ger
man artillery's gas defense along the
Aisne a week later.
TWELVE DIVISIONS
OF STATE TROOPS
MAY BE ORGANIZED
uient is calculated tc confine sale and
consumption to waiskey and oinei
grain liquVirs already iu stock and to
wines, Dranuies or olner drinks taal
depend upon other materials lor their
main constituents. Another opportun
ity to vote upon it will be offered when
tlie senate takes the bill with the
amendment from the committee of Uie
whole but opponents 'of the prohibitory
provision are not confident that they
will be aole to overturn today's action.
Lstimates during the debate were
that at least )JOO,uOO,000 in annual in
ternal revenue would be lost if the
amendment stands. Elimination of the
press censorship section ended a long
and bitter fighu The vote was C9 1"j
as. Opportunity will come also tor
another vote on this section, and tUe
administration is expected to make an
effort to have the senate reverse it
self.
Severe Punishment.
The prohibition amendment, propos
ed by Senator Cummins, republican, of
I'owa, reads as follows:
"That on and after September 1,
1917, during the period of the war with
the Imperial German Government, ii
shall be unlawful to use or employ
directly or indirectly any cereal, grain.
sugar or syrup in the production of in
toxicating liquor in any foim or of any
KENTUCKY DERBY IS
OMAR KHAYYAM, NEW
YORK OWNED HORSE
(15y Review Leased Wire)
LOl'ISVILLE. Ky., May 12 In one
of the most brilliant exhibitions
stretch running ever seen here Omar
Khayyam, carrying the colors of Bill
ings and Johnson, of New York, and
trained by C T Patterson, won the
4;rd Tenewal of tne Kentucky Deroy
at Churchill lJowns t'Jday before tue
largest crowd that has ever witnessed
the event The imported Marco Lis-
ma colt carried Hi pounds a.iu tan
line mile and a q.iurttT iu 2:i 3-i.
This is the richest slake for 3 years
in America and was worth l;j,6uo net
to the winner. The favorite in the
betting, Andrew Miller's Ticket, was
second, two lengths back, with a
length and a half separating J. .
l'arrish's Midway in tnird place. Har
ry Payne Whitney's fast tiring KitKety
was next four lengths back, wiiii the
early pace maker. Star Gazer, i tenia
position.
Omar Khayyam began very slowly.
Jockey C. Borel restraining him from
the early pace, but when called upVm,
turning into the stretch, he responded
gamely and overtook his field one by
one.
Minister Toi, Guy Fortune, Cudgel.
Green Jones, Top OThe Wave, Berlin
and Acabado were never prominent.
Penrod, Sol Gilsey, and Diamond did
kind; provided that nothing in this sec- not KO t0 the s1-
FIRE DAMAGES BUILDING;
ARMY OFFICERS INVESTIGATE
SAL'LT STE. MARIE, May 12.
Army officers have started an inves
tigation cf the fire which caused con
siderable damage to the quatermas
ter's building at Foit Brady late today.
fBy Review Leaseo Wire)
WASHINGTON. May 12. The
exact place the National Guard is to
fill in the 'national army still is a
matter of speculation in the war de
partment. . Under the recent announcement
that the states may raise additional
units up to a total national guard
force, including naval militia, of S00
men for each representative or sen
ator, it is not even possible as yet
to forecast accurately the strength
of the organization when it is draft
ed into the United States army.
Twelve Divisions Planned
Under the department's plan there
would be. twelve divisions of state
rocps with a number of extra regi
ments. The total strength, exclusive
of recruit battalions, would be 329,
OOfl men with all regiments at war
strength. If the guard is expanded
to the full legal limit, however, it
would have a peace strength of 402,
000 and a war strength of more than
tion shall prevent the use of sugar or
syrup in the manufacture of wines as
now used by existing laws, provided
further, that this section shall not be
construed to make unlawful the man
ufacture of alcohol or intoxicating
lipuor for commercial, medicinal, sac
ramental, industrial tr scientific pur
poses under rules and regulations to
eb established by the secretary of the
treasury.
"A violation of this section shall be
punished by a fine of not more than
$5,000 or imprisonment for not more
than three years, or both."
Omar Khayyam was given little
backing in the pari mutuel betting, a
$2 ticket paying its holder $27.60.
COOK RUBBER CO.
CUT RATE TIRE CONCERN NEW, CLEAN, FRESH STOCK
GUARANTEED
"SPECIAL LOTS' STANDARD MAKES TIRES
Size
28x3
30x3
30x3!2
3x3V2
32x3 Yi
34x3 !2
31x4
32x4
33x4
34x4
35x4
36x4
32x44
33x4'2
34x42
35x4'2
36x412
37x4!2
34x5
35x5
36x5
37x5
38x5 Yz
Plain
$7.60
8.15
10.65
11.20
12.20
13.80
16.25
16.55
17.40
17.80
18.60
18.90
19.90
20.80
21.80
22.80
23.15
54.15
25.00
25.50
25.85
27.00
Non-Skid
$8.95
9.55
12.40
13.15
14.25
16.20
19.00
19.40
20.40
20.80
21.80
22.15
22.85
24.00
25.55
26.70
27.10
28.25
28.70
29.35
32.35
33.75
Cord
Plain
21.05
22.45
23.90
27.60
28.60
29.35
30.15
32.20
33.05
33.90
34.75
35.55
Non-Skid
$ . . . .
23.65
25.30
26.90
31.05
32.15
33.05
33.90
36.25
37.15
33.10
39.05
39.95
Tubes
42.15 47.45
Grey
$2.05
2.20
2.60
2.70
2.75
2.90
3.50
3.65
3.75
3.85
3.95
4.05
4.75
4.85
5.00
5.15
5.40
5.80
5.85
5.95
Red
$2.25
2.45
2.90
2.95
3.00
3.20
3.85
4.05
4.15
4.25
4.40
4.50
5.25
5.40
5.55
5.70
6.00
6.40
6.50
6.:5
44.15 49.70
53.55 60.20
We handle Kelly-Springfield. Goodyear, and all standard makes of
tires at the above low prices. All sizes. Limited guarantee.
This list is subject tp change without notice.
DOUGLAS, ARIZ. (El Pao Branch)
1113 G Avenue " Phone 340
P. S.-Always state if straight side, Q. D. Clincher or clincher
wanted.
Goods shipped C. O. D. money refunded on all goods returned in
tact within a month.
SURVIVOR OF McCLINTOCK
EXPEDITION IS SUMMONED
(By Review Leased Wire).
PORTLAND, Ore., May 12. Dr.
David Walker, last surviving member
of the McClintock expedition sent to
find Sir John Franklin's party in the
Arctic in 1857, died here today, aged
81. He served thirteen years as a
surgeon in the United States army,
serving thiough the Indian wars.
WINDY CITY ATHLETES
WALLOP NOTRE DAME
CHICAGO, May 12. Track athletes
of the Universtiy of Chicago triumph
ed over Notre Dame. S3 to 52 in a dun
meet here today.
j ; Review Want Ads Bring Results
-
. tITlT- lew
tomachLmI
CH
rouble
Call Stones, Cancer ana w leers ot tne
Stomach and Intestines, Auto-Intoxication,
Yellow Jaundice, Appendicitis
and other fatal ailments result from
Stomach Trouble. Thousands of
Stomach Sufferers owe their complete
&gFVuv- . Prices h&
I-Digger
i rem kmt iirei
3 KEEySZZSiJI9-ia u
I Sri Fair Treatment
Fm9
1
ft
' !
n if Hi ) 1 1
IIS
. ,.Jj -,
i.v.i
h
DELIVERED
HERE
Completely
Equipped
Fleur-de-Lys
Roadster
samo price
'Its Excellence Is Wtihin
While the smart
ness and beauty of
the outer Dort is
in complete keep
ing with its excel
lence within, it is
the inner Dort that
you should know
thoroughly. Here,
under the surface,
is beauty of an
other sort the
beauty of sturdiness and efficiency.
All the Dort's component parts are remarkable for
iheir unfailing dependability, simplicity, accessibility.
This kind of excellence ha opened the ores of thousands of motor
wise men and women and made tliem Imrt owners. It makes the
Dort a car that the whole family can use and enjoy
With all this quality, with complete equipment, with 'big-car" re
finements and conveniences, the Dort is a moderate priced car $825
and It is a supremely flood car.
E. P. NORTON, Dealer
(Cochise County) Lowell, Arizona
(Just above True's Market.)
lYour
i
F 1
ilms
'Are zzzzzzzzzz
600,000, supported by reserve battar recovery to Mayr"s Wonderful Rem-
ions totalling another 100,000 or 150,- edy. Unlike any other for Stomach
COO men. Ailments. For sale by Iiisbee Drug
If the guard is expanded, a plan Co- Lowell Drug Co., Lowell, Arizon.
for sixteen infantry, and two cavalry nd aI other reIlable druggtata.
divisions has been prepared. A table
referred to the states shows the' ten
tative scheme of organization, the
designations, beginning with the fifth
division, as the first four divisions
would be composed of regular troops.
Following is the proposed distribu
tion of the southwestern infantry di
visions by states with the peace
strength quota for each state:
Arizona's Quota 2400
Fifteen divisions Texas, 15,500;
Oklahoma. 8000, (one regiment of in
fantry from the Texas contingent
would be detached to the nineteenth
division).
Nineteenth division; California 9,
100; Utah. 3200; Arizona, 2400; Col
orado 4800; New Mexico 2400; Ne
vada 2400.
Under this plan 24,700 men of (be
total provided for in the militia sec
tion of the naval defense act would
be reserved for the naval militia in
cluding 500 men from Texas.
Coast Artillery Also
The two cavalry divisions would be
organized from New York, Massachu
setts, Pennsylvania. Virginia. North
Carolina, Tennessee, Alabama, Geor
gia, Michigan, South Dakota, Kansas,
Missouri, Illinois, Oklahoma. Texas,
Kentucky and Utah.
The total of 402,965 men in the
national guard thus contemplated
would be .organized into 146 regi
ments of cavalry. 4S regiments of
field artillery and 16 regiments of en
gineers, 16 field battalions of signal
troops, 15 aero squadrons and the
necessary sanitary and supply trains.
Also supplementing the mobile force
would be 198 companies of Coast ar
tillery composing 16 regiments and
one extra batallinn of infantry de
signed at Coast artillery supports.
t? : wa- VWi
E. B.
WALLACE RESIDENCE
ROBBED FRIDAY NIGHT
While E. B. Wallace and ramily
were absent fro mtlieir home at 99
Higgins Hill Friday night, the door
of the house was forced open and
a burglar or burglard ransacked the
place. A bracelet watch, several val
uable rings and even the baby's jew
elry and Mrs. Wallace's gloves were
taken, along with considerable other
loot, mostly personal belongings with
little value to anyone but owners.
is1;. - - -r,- v- am
BLACK SAFETY TREAD TSRE3
HE balance line for the Ford car is
drawn, and the sum total cf its per
fection struck with that new Goodrich
tire, the bigger and better Ford car
t Goodrich's "Three -Seventy -Five."
Of SUPER-SIZ2 and SUPER
STRENGTH it no": only meets the
INDIVIDUAL NEEDS of the Ford car.
-but DOUBLES its VIRTUES.
New as today, it is nevertheless
already familiarly known by the
knowing' as
Goodrich's
"Three-Seventy-Five
In Safe
Hands
WHEN WE DO YOUR
KODAK FINISHING
Dix Studio
Agencies
Sasse Candy Store.
Lowell Drug Co.
That's its size: Three and seventy
five hundredths inches in the cross
section. And it's an Inch bigger
tec in the. circumferen. e.
I"3 heroic size, however, is designed
to fit 30-inch rims cn Ford cars.
It is made solely witi the five
f.nger safety tread.
It costs but little more han ordin
ary tires at the outset; and the
nattier appearance and xlded com
fort it gives your Ford car, and
its own greater dollar ECONOMY,
make it the better buy in the end.
The B. F. Goodrich Rubber Co.
Akron, Ohio
!. T1 MUM I
figaSr the Longr Ruri'm
m.
Better 1
mm it
tell iMim ss
its. ?i ij
mult uet j
for shoes i
Outwears Icatlier-comfortable-dressy-watcr prsof
-3
w.rj'l
PHONE 5-
WE SELL GOODRICH TIRES
BISBEE AUTO CO.
(The Pioneer Garage)
MAIN STREET EIGHT
Orph
enm Theatre
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
66 jJ ' jj.
rhood
99
-A STORY OF-
WOMAN
Has a mission concerned with
love, devotion, her home, her hus
band, her babies and all that it
happy.
WAR
Has a mission of destruction for
all that is of worth ar.d value
wreck, wrach, ruin ano disaster.
LOVE
Has a mission to forgive, to for
get, to heal, to ignore wrong, right,
and love always wins.
FEATURING THE FAMOUS
M
ARJORIE RAMBEAU
Celebrated Star cf Broadway Stage Hits Now Appearing In MUTUAL Pictures
"BIG STARS ONLY' Under Direction of Frank Powell.
DO NOT FORGET ONLY FIRST RUN PICTURES AT THIS THEATRE
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS ADMSISION 10 AND 15 CENTS
LIBERTY LOAN
Desiring to assist the I'nit-
ed States government in every
way possible in Hie placing of
its war loans, we ofler free cf
charge to our customers, and
all other persons wishing to
participate in the facilities of
this bank in makins subscrip-
tions to the issues, the bonds
will bear 3 1-2 percent interest
and will be In such donotn'uia- v
tions as will put them "within
the reach of every investor.
For further particulars apply
The Bank of Bisbee.
Advertisement.
Sewing machines .sold, rented, ex
changed and repaired. Supplies. Sing
er Sewing Machine Co., I'pper Main
street, opposite Quality Hill Car stop
Phone ?,?.2.
Adv. S4
NEW CAR FOR HIRE.
Outside trips a specialty. Careful
driver. Rates reasonable. Phone Red
815. Adv. 82
MEMORIAL DAY OFFERINGS.
All kinds of cut flowers and floral
pieces. Special designs l'Jr Memorial
Day purposes Harry Sealey, Lowell.
Adv. (649)
The House of Comfort
Continuous From 1 To 1 1
William Fox Presents
JUNE CAPRICE
IN
"A Child o
The Wilds"
A Masterful Fox Production In Five Superb Acts
Story and scenario by John W. Kellette. Directed
by John G. Adolfi.
ADMISSION
10 and 15 Cents.
Theatre
TODAY
TODAY
Continuous From 3 p.m.
The Triangle Fine Arts Presents
THE IRRESISTABLE DOUGLAS FAIRBANKS
IN
"The Matrimaniac"
"DOUG" At His Best
The Triangle Keystone Presents
FATTY ARBUCKLE AND MABEL NORMAND
"He Did and He Didn't"
A Roaring Comedy In Two Acts
ADMISSION - - - 10 AND 15 CENTS
tar Theatre
Continuous From 1 to 10 P. M.
TODAY
BLUESIRD PRESENTS
"Reward of The
Faithless"
-With-
WEDGEWOOD NOVELL And BETTY SCHADE
In Leading Parts
i Has anyone visited yon? Or
; have you entertained? If so, call
! the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
! the Society Editor, Phone 39. ,
!
I VISITING RELATIVES.
Mrs. J. Royal and children, of this
i city, are visiting relatives on thd
Coast for a few weeks.
The Singer Sewing Machine Com
pany has several evcellent used ma
chines for sale cheap. Phone 332.
Store on Upper Main street, opposite
Quality Hill car stop. Adv. 272
TELLS OF TOASTING.
A. S. Hooe. representing the Am
erican Tobacco Company, will be in
Bisbee during the next ten days dem
onstrating Lucky Strike, "The Toast
ed Cigarette." Although on the mar
ket but three months. Lucky Strike
cigarettes have made a big hit with
smokers all over the country. By
toasting the tobacco, the flavor is
kept intact. Hooe has a small toast
ing machine with which he demon
strates how the cigarettes are made.
INDIAN OLLAS.
Refrigerators and everything for the
home. Standard Furniture Co., Allen
Block. Adv. 546
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
Stage Line.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
daily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co.. Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time dally. 939
(Advertisement)
The Warren Park Teachers Associa
tion will meet Wednesday, May 16th,
4 P. M. All parents make an effcn
to come. Adv. 712
BLUEBIRD AT STAR.
Those who recall the beauties of the
"Chalice of Sorrow" and "Black
Orchids," earlier features in the Blue
bird Series, will know what to expect
in the way of beautiful photography,
complete reproduction, and artistic
acting, when the "Reward of the Faith
less," also a Bluebird is shown at the
Star theatre today. The Ingraham
productions are the most beautiful of
all the Bluebirds.
NOGALES-TOMBSTONE STAGE
Seven passenger touring car leaves
Tombstone daily, upon arrival or Bis
bee stages, for Nogales, fare $5.50, 25
pound baggage limit. Adv. 317
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE
Irwin Studio, Majn Street 857
Advertisement.
A Well Improved Ranch. -
For sale or exchange close to Bis-
bee with an unlimited supply of water.
equipped ljr truck., poultry or dairy,
two houses. C. E. Duillard, Naco.
Adv. 725
I LADIES
Bring your material and make your
, own gowns under competent Instruc
tors. The fitting Is done by expert
fitters and help Is furnished, where,
when , you need It. If you have never
made your gowns, suits and coats,
' you . cat), do so now. Room 4, Maze
! Bldg. Advertisement. 667
A car every hour, Bisbee to Doug
las. Good cars and careful drivers.
American Stage Line. Phone 366.
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
(Allen Block)
A great big glass fresh buttermilk
It's only 5 cents. Advertisement. 309
BASEBALL TODAY. .
Junction-Briggs and Cole Tigers will
play at Warren Park at 2:30 this aft
ernoon. Adv. 652
SNOW BALL ICELESS COOLER
A marvelous invention that keeps
fc'jd without ice. Demonstration daily
in front of Royal theatre. Main ttrect
Order one now. Adv. (713)
NOTICE
Customers wishing to withdraw
funds from their savings account for
the purpose of buying United States
government bonds, , will be credited
with interest for the quarter ending
March 31st, provided such funds have
been on deposit since January 1, 1917.
The Bank of Bisbee. Adv. 439
BODY MASSAGE
Neo Beauty Shop, Room 16, Let son
Hotel. Advertisement. 423
R. R. WATCH INSPECTORS
Let us be be your inspector. We re
pair jewelry of all kind. Work guar
anteed. Lowell Jewelry Shop. Adv.
i 576
I '
;ORE BODY STRUCK.
j According to word received yester
day by F. C. Hurst and E. J. White,
1 manager of the Arizona Copper
Queen Mining Company, a large body
I of bornite ore has been struck in
the main shaft at a depth of 175
feet
We can show you how you can spend
I many interesting evenings at home if
you own a Piano, talking machine or
lone of our many musical instruments.
Terms to suit The Lowell Jewelry
Shop. Adv. 577
OUR $20 SUITS
are as good as any at $30. Miller's
Shirt and Hat Shop, Main St Adv
j UP-TO-DATE CORSET PARLOR
I All corsets fitted and satisfaction
j uaranteed. Price from $2.00 up. Ex-
lusive agent for Goodwin La Camille
nd jossard corsets. Ines Guernsey,
.etson HJtel, room 17. Phone 559.
Adv. 713
i
Card Thanks.
We wish to thank our friends for
the sympathy shown us during the ill
ness and death of our bel'oved hus
band and father, and for the beauti
ful flowers. Mrs. Duke Simpson, Mr.
and Mrs. J. R. Vanasek. Adv. 262
i
Make your trip to Douglas a pleas
ure. Travel the Winton way.
Advertisement 332
Ride on the American Stage Line.
Bisbee to Douglas. Phone 366.
Advertisement.
, Big Dance.
Given by the Swedish Finish Aid As
sociation will give a. dance tonight at
Finn Hall. Gentlemen, 50, Ladies
.free. Adv. 757
j SHIEDELER'S AUTO SERVICE
Ford cars equipped with Shock Ab
sorbers. They ride easy, long trips.
Solicited 20 cents per mile, make spe
cial trips to Cananea. Bisbee phone.
Central rharniacy, 450. Lowell phone,
i Central Drug, 222. rr-Adv. 930.
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath, violet ray
electric treatments, 98 Mason Hill,
Mason Hill car stop. Phone Blue 647.
Advertisement, 231
PREMIERS POPULAR.
With two or the seven-passenger
models already In use in the district,
the new aluminum motor Premiers
are growing more popular every day,
Norton & Saxby. Cochise distributors,
having several names on the waiting
list. Another shipment of Premiers
is expected to arrive wuniu a i
days and orders will be filled as rap
idly as possible.
Rubber stamps, emblem key checks
TJU. TtlorV M7 120
tl. SIlUUgrBBB, HUHC
Tombstone Canyon. Advertisement
P. J. McCullough. contractor and
builder, pbtone 820. Box 934. Retaining
walls and sidewalks are my specialty.
Adv. 359
Expert repairing on fine watches
and jewelry, diamond setting, engrav
ing and general repairing. Mlntoo,
the postofflce Jeweler, Lowell.
Advertisement 343
r.jaiiirinui tailored-made pants
$4.50 and up. B. F. Millard. Allen Blk.
a r a n
AQV. Oti
KILZOL KILLS VERMIN
Kilzol exterminates bed bugs, no
stain, no unpleasant todor. Central
Pharmacy, Bisbee. Adv. 293
Travel to Douglas the Winton way
on the new stage. Cars leave Copper
Queen Hotel on the hour. Fare $1.25,
Advertisement 332
r.n tn the Ozark House, 71. Brewery
Gulch, opposite lumber yard, for nice
clean, cool rooms. $6.uu per nionm.
Adv. (647)
GRADUATION
Now la the time to be thinking of
graduating and commencement pre
sents. You will find that an excellent
display at The Lowell Jewelry Shop.
Adv. 578
NEO-BEAUTY SHOP
Nea-Plastique Massage, manicuring,
body massage, etc. Your patronage so
licited. Ladies and gentlemen, Mrs.
Elsie M. Sawyer. Room 16. Let son ho
Lei. Adv.-19G
Neo riastlque facial treatment,
scalp massage. Neo Beauty Shop.
Room 16, Letson Hotel.
Advertisement. 423
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA.
Volunteers of America will open a
Sunday school at Lowell Sunday after
noon at 2 o'clock at the old Finnish
Lutheran church across from C. and
A. shops. The meeting in the evening
will be held at 7:30 preaching by
Brother Bennett, subject What Christ
is tv me. All are invited. Captain and
Mrs. Hoiman.
WAR TAX AROUSES
STORMJJF PROTEST
(Continued from Page 1)
are in reality necessities.
Taxation of parcel post packages
was among the. new revenue plans
suggested to the committee. . Upon
drugs a new tax to consumers of one
cent upon every 25 cent purchase!
was recommended by druggists who
said that the proposed levy on the
industry as now drawn could not be
passed along.
Bill board, poster, and street car
advertisers protested to the commit
tee against the exemption of news
paper and magazine advertising from
taxation.
Movie Men Protest
A score of motion picture produc
ers, film manufacturers, theatre own
ers and others affiliated with the
moving picture business, headed by
W. A. Brady, opposed the taxes pro
posed in the house bill.
Mr. Brady said the actors get the
largest returns in the moving picture
industry, some of the stars being
compelled to form their own compan
ies because commercial companies,
he declared, made no money last
year. He argued that film pictures
are fast becoming an educational fac
tor, supplanting text books.
A plea for careful consideration of
the sporting goods section was made
by H. Boardman Spaulding. The Ave
per cent tax proposed, he said, prob
ably could be borne with inconven
ience by the ultimate consumer. Job
ber and manufacturer. He said sport
ing goods men are not calamity howl
ers and will "take their medicine."
Auto Industry "Menaced"
Anything but an optimistic view
of the automobile Industry was pre
sented by Alfred Reeves, general
manager of the National Automobile
Chamber of Commerce, who. charac
terized the five per cent manufactur
er's tax as a "menace to the induc
try." Successes of a few great man
ufacturers, he said, gave the public
the impression that the industry as
a whole was profitable. Of 450 man
ufacturers, he stated, not over half
are paying expenses and few are
making ten per cent annually.
Half of the retail motor dealers,
Mr. Reeves declared, do not make a
living.
KAISER MUST GO
(Continued From Page One)
main a sham as long as the Ho
henzollerns and their supporters
retain any real power.
"There is tonly one way to bring
the war to an early end. The
kaiser must go."
CHICAGO PAPERS INCREASE
PRICE OF SUNDAY EDITIONS
(By Review Leased Wire).
CHICAGO. May 12. The Chicago
Sunday Tribune and the Chicago Sun
day Herald announced tonight that
their retail price outside of Chicago
will be increased fom five cents to
eiRht cents a copy, beginning May 20.
Announcement was made seve.-al
days ago that the selling price cf
the Chicago Daily Tribune would be
Increased to two cents In the terri
tory where it has been selling for
one cent. The increased cost sof ma
terials entering Into the manufact
ure of a newspaper was given as the
reason in each case. The retail price
of all other Chicago daily paper will
be Increased to 2 cents Monday.
Who is the hardest man
in town to please?
TTTE want o meet him. Many men
V have come in claiming that they
are hard to please and ve have sent
them out wearing a
broad smile.
Don't think you can't
wear ready-to-wear
clothes. Don't think
you cannot find what
you want at a me
dium price. Let us
show you
Styleplusf 17
Clofhesil
"The same price the world over.'.
You can roam through
our selection and pick
out any suit you wish,
knowing that the price
is only $17. You also
know that the quality
is guaranteed. Your
own eyes will tell you
that the patterns are
' distinctive and our
mirror will prove to you that the style
reflects the skill of a great artist
Come in and make a STYLEPLUStrue saving.
(?)
The Beautiful
LYRIC
Continuous 1 to 10 P. M
. Program Changed Daily.
TODAY
"THE CRIMSON STAIN
MYSTERY'
Drama
SELIG NEWS
(Educational)
Jose Collins
In
"THE IMPOSTER"
MONDAY
Clara Kimball Young
In
"HEARTS AFIRE"
VITAGRAPH COMEDY
Admission: Reserved Seats 25c; Lower Floor 10c;
Balcony 5c
WATKINS &
BERGQUIST
Jewelers & Opticians
GRADUATION
presents purchased at Watkins & Berg
quist Jewelry Store insure economy of the
right sort, here you get a hundred cents of
real value. for the dollar you spend.
The HALLMrRK Store
THF DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS mmlm
jj MINING
I SECTION
SOCIETY
SECTION
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 19. NO. 291.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 13, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
mm
Derm-Arizona Mine to
Resume Development;
New Shaft Being Sunk
Resumption of development in the Denn-Arizona mine and the beginning
of active sinking of the great new five compartment concrete shaft which
Calumet & Arizona will put down to depth of 2,000 feef to lift part of the con
stantly growing burden from Junction shaft, mark the two largest Items of
recent occurrence In the mining division In Arizona.
The Denn work is proceeding under the direction of Superintendent Houle
of Shattuck-Arizona. A little later it will be along to a point where the em
ployment of a considerable force of men will be possible. Thatf; opening of
the mine and the making of another producer Is to be gone about earnestly
and effectively is well Indicated In the steps takn to date.
Presumption has long been that Denn would ultimately come under the
control of Shattuck-Arizona and add very materially to the assets of the
latter. The Shattuck interests and the Denn interests nave always Deen
pretty much identical. Whether actual merger will occur, however, remains
to be seen. Surprises are always possible of occurrence. Recent rumor has
Jiad it that Denn was in much fairer way to go into the hands of another big
copper producing corporation than to Shattuck. There is nothing obtainable
about this, however, beyond hear-say. An indisputable fact is that Denn is
very desirable property, worthy of the endeavor of any interest
, NEW SHAFT WILL BE KEPT BUSY.
Calumet & Arizona's new shaft, at Bakerville, will take care of a very
large and attractive new ore area that has been opened in the course of de
velopment of the last two yars. This area has steadily grown in resources
and has added a great deal more to the reserves of C. & A. and to its proven
zones than there Is realization of. The new shaft will have a great deal to
do from the moment it is in readiness for business. Junction will find the
assistance it will get very acceptable, notwithstanding the fact that when
Junction was completed a few years ago to its present depth it was considered
that ample provision had been made in this main working shaft to relieve C.
& A. from the consideration of future sinking of extensive character from the
surface, all of which will give a hint of the great expansion which C. & A
operations have brought about underground.
Good things, like bad, seldom happen singly. It may be that with the
upturn of highly substantial kind which the reeumption on Denn represent
another property long in favor but lacking rigorous direction may come strong
ly into the limelight in the Warren District. Reference is made to Wolverine,
Development and mining have gone on steadily with Wiolverine, but with high
conservatism. Not even high prices for copper ore have been able to disturb
the equanimity of the program, made long before the war. Leasers on Wol
verine during recent months, however, have not been bound by conservation
and it is of knowledge that they have much improved the appearance of
things on certain parts of the property. Meantime the development work
prosecuted by Wolverine management has been attended by some very, good
things.
WOLVERINE BECOMING ACTIVE.
It might readily be that Wolverine would take on new life before long.
Its shares have long been considered one of the best buys In the district for
a steady null. It has a big property and a great deal of opportunity. Now
development by Arizona-Bisbee and other Interests on the further side of
Wolverine has lately added to the favor In which the property stands. A good
deal of value to the district in point of expansion of its proven area might
be happening over that way before long.
In the state at large the efforts of the producers of all metals are undlra
inished. At the moment the mines appear to be ahead of the reduction plants.
Every smelter Is reported loaded to the guards with ore. Production of the
latter during the present month will have to ease off in some of the mines,
because of the overloaded condition of the smelters, but there will not be
the attendance of dlmlnishment of work in the mines. Men taken off of pro
duction will be put on development, where Increased forces can be used to
excellent purpose in getting ahead with preparedness. The policy .of the
large producers in this respect will help the small producers of custom ore,
but cannot do away with lal of the trouble that over-burdened smelters
presents for them. ,
COSTS WILL BE LOWER THIS MONTH.
Costs of all the Arizona copper producers of the dividend class will be a
little lower this month. Their shares are bargains at present prices, with
steady increase in ore resources and in efficiency of reduction plants adding
to the value of their securities, both at this time and looking to the futu.e
Greatly improved labor and "political conditions in the state, giving mucn
promise of permanency, are also important factors tending to higher merited
values for substantial mining, realty and other Investment lines in the
future.
WALKER'S 8UQ0E8ION ACTED ON.
The suggestion recently made by George L. Walker, editor of the Boston
Commercial, to the Arizona Chapter of the American Mining Congress, that its
activities could be applied to excellent purpose at this time to checking the
operations of the promoters of prospects who are claiming the possession of
valuable mines and near mines in extravagant eastern advertising cam
paigna, has met with much interest and approval In the office of Governor
Campbell. It has become known from that quarter that It i desired to op
erate In any way that may be possible to the end ef protecting the public
both at home and abroad in a wider measure than has heretofore been at
tempted. Among suggestions that have been advanced along this line is one which
proposes the appointment if a member of the corporation commission who
shall exercise the functions of an examiner In similar manner to that em
ployed by bank examiners. In other words, this examiner should hare the
ability to enter the offices and the properties of doveloplng companies and de
termine whether their finances are being bandied honestly and their develop
ment work being conducted both competently and honestly. In the event cf
finding that shareholders were not being treated fairly, the examiner, under
NEW MEXICO, NEWEST DRE ADNOUGHT TO TAKE THE WATER,
UUMi'AKES FAVOIc. BLY VfUil A?-iY FIGTITIW SHIP AFLOAT
(Continued on Page Two)
t'ms$ Am
New Mexico sliding into the water at launching at New York navy yard; .Miss De Baca, its ch.-smer.
The battleship New Mexico, which was launched at the New York navy yard last Monday, compa.-es favor
bly offensively and defensively with any fighting ship aboat She will have a displacement cf 32,000 tons, a
length f 620 feet over all, a mean draft of thirty feet, and a speed of twenrv-one knots. She was designed t
carry mam battery of twelve 14-inch guns of the latest naval model, together with twenty-two 5-ineh guns
four 6-pounders, four anti-aircraft guns and four torpedo tubes. The vessel was christened by Miss Margaret
U JJe Buca, daughter of a former governor of New Mexico.
PETROLEUM PRICES
STILL SOARING AS
DEMAND INCREASES
dissolved by court order in May,
1911, its thirty-three quondam sub
sidiaries have paid to their share
holders no less than $629,000,000 In
cash and stock dividends. During If 16
and the first quarter of 1917, these
Standard Oil companies have paid
out $119,192,328 in cash dividends
and $65,000,000 in stock dividends.
Production GrOWS Greater In addition a number of these com-
But Is Still Far From Keep- T,anies have Riven to thir 8tockho5d-
it tiriL n j ii e ers valuable rights.
mg Up With Demand ; U. S. These standard on companIes nave
Government Is Heavy Clir-, a!so accumulated large surpluses on
chaser.
Production of crude petroleum has
been augmented still further within
the week through the discovery and
bringing in of several new wells, and
both producers and refiners are oper-
their greatly increased capitaliza
tion. The Standard Oil Company of '
'California, for example has increased
its capital stock froTi $50,000,010 at
the beginning of 1916, to $100,000,
000, which is now nearly all out
standing since the 33 1-3 per rent :
stock distribution on April 16 cf this
year. This company is making a fav-;
orable record on its new capitaliza-
JEWELERS TO SAVE .
PLATINUM; REDFIELD
ENDORSES MOVEMENT
NEWETT WRITES OF
AMUSING INCIDENT
REGARDING STOCK
George A. Newett, editor of Iron
Ore, published by him in Ishpeming,
Michigan, recently spent several
weeks In the Warren District, and
during his visit gathered in every
bit of news he could find that was
in any way connected with the min
ing game. Here Ha one story, from
Iron Ore. that will probably prove
of interest, to local residents, at
least:
"Here is one we discovered in BIs
bee, Arizona. Some months ago when
the shares of the Warren Realty &
Development company' were being
quoted around $9 per share a man
said to his wife: "When that stock
gets up io about $11, what we paid
for it, you . had better sell It." He
then went back Into Mexico where
he was doing exploring work in the
hope of .finding a copper mine. Thq
wife proceeded to look for the stock
certificate. It waa for SO shares, but
ghe could not find it anywhere, and
she spent several hours in the
search. Telling (tier trouble to a
neighbor, the latter suggested she
seek the aid of a certain man who,
for a small fee, pretended to give
valuable aid. The owner of the cer
tificate said she did not believe In
any such stuff, but the neighbor in
sisted so strongly and convincingly
that she finally .consented, and paid
a visit to the clairvoyant, or what
ever he was.
"This fellow, after he. had listened
to her story, told the woman she
would find the certificate in a tin
box. and that with i was a picture
cf herself, a picture taken in a low
necked gown. The woman recalled
such a picture, but didn't remember
the tin box. Anyhow, she went home
and took another long look, but
couldn't locate the missing certificate
or the box. The search was stopped,
the woman believing the stock lost
Several weeks afterward, when rum-
Jmaging through a closet, she came
' across an old telescope grip and. tak
ing off the cover, found a tin box ,
and In the box was a picture of her
self taken In a low-necked dress and
INTER
EST IS
STIMULATED
IN JEHOnflE
PROPERTIES
ating to the limit or their capacity u.air.Bn w of of Commerce, have
in an effort to meet the United States "ear- Thls company is malting a iav-;
adopted the following resolutions:
invernm nfa neertu nnrt th constant- oraoie recoru uu us r .nn.u.ii f wc.is..q ti, ca.. .rrnm.
Iy inceasing requirements of domestic ! tl0n. 88 ls tbe ca8e wlth otnPr com; ' mzrce has requested the Platinum :
Conservation of Metal Will ,n tt oox u,ere WM ls0 018
. . tlflcate for the 50 shares of Warren.
Give GoveiTent Larger ,.,n meantiine, Mr. T. F. Colet
Supplies To Draw On Dur-.of Duluth. president of the Warren
ing Prosecution of War. I Realty & Development company, had
gone to New York, following an offer
Having in mind the present needs; he made to Calumet & Arizona that
of American industries, educational was not accepted, and sold the War
institutions, and sciences for platinum J ren property to the Phelpa Cfcdge
and the possible future requirements ! company for $39 per share. While
r -uA AvnBmmAn ia TamIam VfwHI. thfl unman via Innkln? fnr her atrwk
ance Committee, after giving the sub- it jumped from $ to $39 a share. As 'n. re d,,e f,"t- Md
ject careful thought at the request , sue said to us, in talking about it;
"U I had round tbe stock when my
husband asked nie to look for It, I
would, have sold it, but its being lost
was just like finding about IZWO.
Drilling Operations Show Jer
ome Verde Has Body of
Copper Ore Similar In Value
Character To United Verde.
CALUMET & JEROME IS
NOW ENTERING SCHIST
Development of Recent Strike
On Copper Chief Property
Demonstrates Its Value As
An Ore Producing Agent.
BY WILLIAM P. De WOLF.
PRESCOTT. Arizona, May 12. In
vestment interest in non-productns
mining properties in the Yicinity ot
the United Verde and United Verde
Extension mines at Jercme has of
late been stimulated considerably by
favorable mineralogical changes at a
number or them which tend to de
monstrate the continuation of the rich
ore bodies, opened at depth on the
United Verde and United Verde Ex
tension estates, to points well beyond
their boundaries.
Diamond drilling operations at the
property of the Jerome Verde com
pany, for instance, have disclosed with
in its confidence a body of copper ore
of similar value and character to the
one that is being so profitably mined
in Verde Extension ground. Recent
developments at the property of the
Calumet ft Jerome company have re
vealed geological conditions equally
as satisfactory, and the same state
ment applies with similar force to con
ditions which attend development of
the estate or the Jerome Victor Ex
tension company.
C. & J. Shaft In Schist. -The
Calumet & Jerome shaft is now
entering the Yavapai schist and is
showing pronounced copper mineraliz
ation. The condition is in line with
the findings or the engineers who
somewhat recently reported the prop
erty to contain the proper formation
to keep their prices for crude oil
within reasonable bounds, the Insist
and foreien consumers. DesDite the Panies wnicn nave retenuy im-rcBoou . r ... . ,h j,,!,,,- viiilance And as for that clairvoyant chaD. I
herculean endeavors or the producers ' tneir capital stock. j c0mmittee to bring to the attention ' certainly don't believe in that sort
, Thirteen oi the thirty-four Stand-1 of the jeWelry trade of the United , of dope, but he sure made a good
ara uu companies are reunem. 1 states the advisability or conserving
.. ,1 a dnoM tn .rat nf thaui nnmnanioft nr pneaeed f i -. i - tn v. , n.
tain' enough for their refined oil, gaso- in other branches or the oil Industry. . ment maT haVe larger supplies to draw
line, naphtha and benzine customers j These companies, which include tne ( upon for war purposes, and
has rorced up the price or one grade Standard Oil Company or New Jer-j WHEREAS, the Jewelry trade has
'l UUUV Ull bliai IU LIIT , Wf,I.CI Ulir J I " " " ' Blicuj wvciij
desire
trict 3 cents to $2.13 a barrel, and ; companies that are principally en- and determination to assist our aov-
other grades in the Pennsylvania and , gaged In the producing and transpor- eminent to the extent or Us ability In
Ohio regions are also manifesting an
uncontrolable advancing tendency,
which appears likely to carry their
quotations to still higher levels with
in .the near future, although with
Pennsylvania oil at $3.10 the highest
figures ever recorded already prevail.
On. the Pacific Coast t!:e Southern
Pacific railroad is offering 10 cents
barrel more than the market pi Ice
for all the oil It can get.
Prominent among the weeUV de
velopments have been additional as
surances that the United States gov
ernment is willing to pay current
market prices for all the fiiol and
gasoline which It will require ror the
navy and army, and Irrefutable evi
dence or a steady Increase In the
amount or crude oil moved rrom the
fields, which has been supplied by ;
the figures compiled by the United :
tatioh branches. These companies as
a group have paid the greater part
or all distributions that have been
made by tbe Standard Oil Companies
since the dissolution.
The Ohio Oil Company,' although a
producing company, pays large divi
dends. During the last quarter this
company paid out $3,600,000 in divi
dends, which amount was exceeded
only by the Standard Oil Company
at New Jersey, which paid $4,916,
916. The Standard or New Jersey
is the largest dividend payer or the
bringing the war to a successful ter
mination. BE IT RESOLVED that we pledge
ourselves to discontinue and strongly
recommend to all manufacturing and
retail jewelers or the United States
that they in a truly patriotic spirit i
discourage the manufacture, sale and;
use or platinum in all bulky and heavy j
pieces or Jewelry. I
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that!
during the period of the war or until
the present supplies or platinum shall
be materially augmented, we pledge
guess!
"There's no doubt concerning the
reliability or the woman's story as It
I was vouched ror by a competent wit
ness, and she had no- reason for mis
representing It. and she is a woman
or excellent reputation, and a good
citizen now in business where she la
well known.
"You can probably figure out some
reason ror the good guess T
PIMA INDIANS WILL
HARVEST BEAN CROP
who also agreed it wt uld not be nec
essary to sink the 3-compartment
shaft below a depth of 500 feet ta
enter the Yavapai schist. In the Unit-
i ed Verde and United Verde Extension
mines this formation la the ore maker
and the source cf dividends. The same
formation prevails in Jerome Verde
workings and at the depth penetrated
by the diamond drills is carrying
finely disseminated chalcopyrite.
Victor Ex In Schist.
- On the lJOO foot level of the Jerome
Victor Extension property the lateral
has entered an Intersection of Yavapai
schist and diorlte that shows copper
mineralization. A water course was
tapped at the seme time, but the flow
from it and rrom two other water
courses, previously tapped, is being
handled without difficulty by the pow
erful electrically-driven pumps recent
ly Installed. Authorities on the Jer
ome district assert that the acid dykes
or water courses are conductive to the
making or ore and should be followed.
Standard group. Other large distrlb-1 ourselves to discontinue and recom-
utors are the Prairie Pipe Line, and
the Standard Oil companies of Cali
fornia, Indiana and New York.
Union Oil Brings in New Well
A well has come in for the Union
Oil Company on the International
lease, formerly the Coronation, with
mend that the jewelry trade discourage
the use of all non-essential platinum
findings or parts or jewelry, such as
Bcarfpln stems, pin tongues, joints.
. I Iron pyrites and chalcopyrite continue
250 Little Redskins Pledge'10 encountered as the drift and
i it i TV. ' cr08Scuts are extended in the 12-foot
Oeives IO WOrK AS ne,leveL The additional mine machinery
Result of Personal Appeal J installed several weeks ago at a cost
Made By Phoenix Woman.'0' '4000. l pediung development
. -r; work wltn the rult that conditions
SACATON, Ariz.. May U.-Over 250 at tn mine are more BatufactorT
Pima Indian children have pledged the DPOBn-ct for nntrtnr mm.
States Geological Survey from re-1 a production of from 3500 to 3700
ports submitted by pipe lines and
fining companies handling potroleum
this side of the Rocky mountains.
There has also been one very un
favorable, ir not disastrous, develop
ment in the torpedoing and sinking
by a German submarine of the Amer
ican oil tank steamer Vacuum, the
property of the Vacuum Oil Com
pany.
Standard Oil Companies' Gigantic
Earnings
Some conception or the gigantic
profits accruing rrom the production
and handling or petroleum are avail
able In the reports made by the for
mer subsidiaries of the Standard Oil
Company of New Jersey. Since the
so-called "Standard Oil Trust" was
barrels a day. The gravity Is 27 de
grees and the depth is 3329 feet. The
location is section 4, 11-23.
Other wells on this lease are No. 3
which has produced 1600 barrels a
day for more than two years, and No.
i of equal size, finished nearly a year
ago. The original well drilled by the
Coronation company was defective
and produced a considerable amount
of water.
Yellow Oil From Chino Co.'s Well
That there is oil in the Chino Val
ley Company's well has been proved
beyond the last shadow or a doubt
It has been demonstrated that the oil
is
their services in the harvesting or the mr,fll nPO ,-- th.
catches, swivels, spring rings, ear mosquito bean crop la this district as D,fore
backs, etc.. where gold would aatis- a result or the personal appeal oT Dr.( ' copper Chief Strike
ractorily serve. Mary Neff. of Phoenix, who recently! Development of the recent strike on
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that addressed the Indian, on this subject. Wonderful claim TSe CoP Jer
the jewelry trade encourage by all The old women or the reservation wUI chIef egUte at Jerome u denlon8trat.
means In their power, the use or gold also join in the movement ror harvest-, , ... M . mH,,
ins uiv uiuaijuiio Demu crop, iu uie
past the Indians seed the mosquito
beans ror flour and frequently lived
on them for weeks at a time. The
younger Indians however, have never
In combination with platinum, wher
ever proper artistic results may be ob
tained. BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that
(Continued on Page Two)
as ls found In Callfornl
agent The prospect shaft to the
north of the main shaft has at this
time a depth of 75 feet and is pene
trating a ledge of schist about 5 feet
wide. The deposit shows considerable
gathered the beans, and allowed them; cha,copyTUe ,nd a8says from 5 to 10
to go to waste. The beans are said to
make valuable horse reed and are also
per cent copper. Jack-hammers are
. , mKKe tuusdio nor so ieea ana are aiso v-i fii--j i- .ir-fcin,, ,v,i,
This determination agrees with the S0OJ tooi tor nonli C0W9 and otner J1" J t trough jhe
,Hnr. f FtkHioo.. tri.nn. 4 nit. m V . . ... . medium or sn air line connected witl
findings or Engineer Elienne A. Rlt
ter, who recently made a geological
stock. They may be made into poul
try rood. It Is believed. The matter
like that which Is round in Oklahoma.
It is not a black asphalt base oil, such
examination or the Arizona Del Rio ef finding a market ror the beans In the
Salt River valley is being taken up
by flour mills and packing houses in
Phoenix and Investigation as to the
manner in which they can be used
to supplement the food supply is be
ing made. I
Company's holdings, adjoining those
of the Chino Valley Company. He
stated that the field resembled the
a yellow paraffin base petroleum, Oklahoma fields, not those of Cali
fornia, and that if oil was found it
would be a paraffin base product
the compressor in the nvttn -shaft
house. The Importance ,or the recetit
find has Its genesis in the possibility
it offers of protracting some months
ago by the engineers who examine!
the property in tbe interest of the
Green Monster Mining company.
(Continued on Page Two) TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 13, 1917.
DENH-ARIZONA MINE TO
RESUME DEVELOPMENTS
(Continued From Page One)
this proposal, would so report to the
corporation commission and the latter
would take the , same course that the
comptroller of the currency would ex
ercise in closing a bank foiling like
report from an examiner. It is argued
that this manner of regulation would
quickly put the wild-catters out of busi
ness. The proposal is meeting with
much favor among legitimate operat
ors over the state.
Wild-Catters Growing Bolder.
It is recognized that wild catters
are at this time inclined to more
boldness in their operations than ever
before, because of the nearer possibil
ity of the end of the sunshine period
for new mining ventures. At the
same time the increasing metal pro
duction in Arizona, attended by enor
mous expenditures of money by estab
lished producers to the end of the in
creased efficiency and facilities, affords
the wild-catter an alluring quality of
bait for small investors ' who are in
clined to the flier habit, 'and fail of
looking before leaping. It is not ques
tioned that there are many legitimate
development enterprises being con-,
ducted in the state, for the determin
ation of commercial bodies of various
metals, but is also certain that there!
are concerns which are acquiring mon
ey from the public without reasonable)
grounds existing for the belief that!
they will make adequate returns. The
investor needs to examine very thor-j
oughly the business standing and min-j
ing ability records of those with
whom he is asked to invest. In most1
instances the conclusion is likely to
be reached that the money the invest-!
or has available might a great deal
better be placed in a smaller number
of the shares of an established pro
ducer on an efficiency basis and with
a fair dividend rate in effect.
Radicals No Longer Tolerated.
Reports received from the various
mining districts of the state indicate
that a sweeping change has come
about in the attitude of the rank and
file of miners toward radicals in re
lation to matters of National Import
There is no longer inclination toward
tolerance of the views of radical.,
this attitude having been succeeded
by one of stern determination to put
down any and all symptoms indicating
disloyalty, no matter what phase it
may appear in.
The conservatives are greatly in the
majority in mining district labor or
ganizations in Arizona. Aroused by
some earlier presumptions on the part
of radicals in and out of their organiz
ations who looked upon the National
crisis as affording opportunity for the
furtherance of trouble breeding pro
paganda, the conservatives are now
attending the meetings cf their or
ganizations in constantly increasing
number and are making it iorcibly
plain to the minority that the major
ity stands firmly with the nationi-1
heads of labor who are calling for in
dustrial peace and the highest pos
sible efficiency, with no change from
existing wage and working arrange
ments during the period of war stress.
Leaders See Opportunity.
The majority attitude insures the
continuance of labor organizations in
Arizona, but minus the domination of
the radical element. It is constantly
bringing about for better understand
ing and greatly increased efficiency.
The ultimate outcome is considered
certain of carrying very high benefits
of permanent character, which will
about through the natural co-operation
growing from better understanding
and the closer affiliation in the present
time of general need for harmony of
conduct.
Leaders on both sides have been
quick to see the opportunity present
ed and the national need for its accept
ance, with the result that they have
effectively used their influence and
are continuing to do so. Matters have
reached that stage where the bolter
would lose all and stand to gain noth
ing but severe disapprobation and en
tire loss cf standing. Many radicals
finding themselves in much disfavor
in the districts where they have been
are leaving for new localities. Not a
few of them are getting entirely out
of the state.
ORIZABA CLAIMS ARE
TAKEN UNDER OPTION
PHOENIX, Ariz.. May 12. The
Alaska Dredge Company has taken an
option on the Orizaba group of claims
located in Moorses Guuch, five miles
east of the Kay mine in the Tip Top
mining district 48 miles north of here
it was announced today. An engineer
representing the Alaska Dredge Com
pany will be on the ground within the
next two weeks to examine the prop
erty, which is said to have an excel
lent copper showing. The option was
given by A. F. Muter of Phoenix, who
holds the preperty under bond. C. E.
Sharpe represented the Alaska Dredge
company in the transaction.
STATE COMMISSION
TAKES PRECAUTIONS
AGAINST WILD CATS
Arizona Corporation Commis
sion Asks Co-operation of
Public In Order To Prevent
Promotion of Fakes.
Chicago, Burlington & Quincy rail
road has paid $700,000 income tax, al
though not due until June 15.
GIAL
McWhorter's
Pure Ice Cream
In Following Flavors:
FRESH STRAWBERRY FRUIT
VANILLA
CARMELNUT
CHOCOLATE
BURNT ALMOND
icwtorter
"The Fountain Beautiful"
The Arizona Corporation Commis
sion is now sending broadcast over the
state a warning to the people not to
be imposed upon by stock salesmen,
and calling the attention of residents
of the state to the fact that their
greatest protection from men with
fake promotion schemes lies in the
public assisting the Commission in
upholding the "blue sky" law.
If every person who is approached
by a stock salesman would take the
proper precautions, wild cat and fake
promotion schemes would be wiped
out in Arizona in six months time.
The Corporation Commission stands
ready to see that the law is enforced
in every respect, but the assistance
and co-operation of the public is an
essential requirement
In the first place every investment
company, whether domestic or for
eign, that offers its securities in the
form of stocks or bonds for sale to
the public must secure a permit so to
do from the corporation commission
Precedent to the issuance of such a
permit the commission conducts an in
vestigation into the affairs of the com
pany and if the Commission is con
vinced that the plan of operation is
fair and equitable, a stock selling per
mit is issued. Companies ' offering
their securities to the public without
such a permit are doing so in violation
of the law.
The commission orders every com
pany granted a permit to supply such
stock salesmen with a copy of the
permit with instructions to submit this
permit to every person who is asked
to purchase stock. If a salesman ap
proaches you and offers to sell you
stock in any company and does not
give you a copy of the commissions'
stock selling permit he is violating the
provisions of the permit and should be
immediately reported to the commis
sion. The reading of this permit of
fers a certain degree of protection to
the public, for in it the commission
generally sets out in detail not only
the place of the company, but a list
of the property it owns and is other
tangible assets. From this the pros
pective purchaser can very often get
a better idea of the things behind a
company than he could by listening to
a stock salesman.
In one or two instances the atten
tion of the commission has been called
to the fact that stock salesmen have
made the statement that their com
pany or its stock -selling proposition
had the endorsement of the merits ol
the proposition submitted. It merely
means that the plan of operation ap
pears equitable cn its face. This is
so stated on the permit.
The Arizona "blue sky" law is a
good one and has been of considerable
value to the investing public in recent
years. Its value in the future can be
greatly enhanced if the investers
would but realize that their greatest
protection lies in its strict enforcement.
FLOTATION MILL FOR
TWO OLD GOLD MINES
IN YAVAPAI COUNTY
Pure
w
aier
$5
CRYSTAL WATER
PUklFIER
THE DOCTOR 8AY8 THE BISBEE WATER IS NOT PURE
Would yon like to drink and use water guaranteed to be free from
all organic matUr, as Typhoid, Malaria and all other germs. Watr
that is tuore thirst quenching and better to drink than before treatiug
at a very small cost If bo call up H. E. WOOTTON, Hardware, Upper
Main Street Phone 2G8, and leave your address. I will call and treat
enough water to last your family one day FREE.
J. M. AYERS SALES & MFG. CO.
PRESCOTT, May 12. Through
W. C. Thomas, consulting engineer
of the Wolf-Arizona Copper Com
pany, announcement was made yes
terday of a very important movement
decided upon in operating the Mc
Cabe and Gladstone mines, in which a
flotation mill of the Callow process
Kill be installed at once.
Both eld properties are to also be
subjected to a very extensive plan of
development, which action follows a
system of .prospecting given for sev
eral months past results being grat
ifying. The old mill dump of the McCabe
has a tailings pit that reaches to over
17,000 tons, and a thorough system
of sampling returned satisfactory
values in gold and other metals, the
former predominating. The new op
erating company succeeds the New
ark Copper Co.. which held an op
tion to purchase both silver holdings,
and during possession performed a
large line of preliminary develop
ment, which was centered mainly to
the Gladstone.
Mr. Thomas Is particularly pleased
with the showing made in the upper
levels of the latter, and in extending
these workings uncovered large ore
bodies that proved surprising in their
gold content. The new flotation plant
is to arrive in a few days and has a
capacity of treating 100 tons per day.
Other matters affecting mine develop
ment are being arranged, and both
properties ar expected to be in full
swing, inside of 30 days.
Secretary McAdoo has rcqucstc'l
Connecticut legislature to reconsider
previous action and make federal farm
loan bank bonds legal investments for
savings banks and like institutions.
A New York millionaire Thursday
paid income tax of over $500,000, not
due until Juue 15. thereby losiug his
six week's interest.
SILVER BELT WILL
HAVE SECOND PLANT
PRESCOTT, May, 12. -As an indi
cation of the success which is facing
the Silver Belt Consolidated, the ar
rival yesterday of a second operat
ing equipment conclusively reflects
what may be anticipated in future
development not taking into consid
eration what past operations have
incontrovertibly determined in the
making of an exceptionally attractive
silver proposition. V.
The new plant is modern and cap
able of deep work, comprising a hoist,
air compressor, drflls, pumps, and?
other utilities, comprising as a whole
one of the best equipments received
in this field in recent months.
Behind the movement for the large
outlay s the excellent showing made
at the point where the first hoist was
installed last fall, and the eagerness
of the management to explore the fis
sure at a point nearly one mile to the
north, where surface conditions are
identical with the south end.
The showing made in the 130-foot
shaft, in drifting and crosscutting ex
ceeds anticipations, and a 14-foot
ledge carrying lenses of 400-ounce
silver ore, and 25 per cent lead, is
rnmistagably proven. As a whole a
fair grade or milling ore is exposed,
ind the general situation at this point
is highly gratifying to Manager
Paige. It has been learned fom re
liable sources that the mine showing
is supporting the additional large
outlay, and the optimism of the prin
cipal shareholders shown in coming
forward with capital to begin very
extensive operations. Miners arriv
ing from the camp speak enthusias
tically of the outlook.
GET RID OF YOUR RHEUMATISM
Now is the time to get rid of your
rheumatism. You will find Chamter
lain's Liniment a great help. The re
lief which It affords is alone worth
many times its cost Adv.
JEWELERS TO
SAVEPLATINUM
(Continued From Paze One)
copies of these resolutions be handed
to the Secretary of Ccmmerce, to the
trade press, and be sent to all our
trade organizations, and to the daily
press. In order that they may have
the widest possible dissemination.
In commenting upon these resolu
tions. Secretary Red field made the
following statement:
"This is wise, patriotic, and unsel
fish action for which the merchants
and manufacturers are highly to be
commended. It will take time to work
out fully its beneficial effects to the
country. It will disarm adverse crit
icism of the jewelry trade in this re
spect and lead to general cooperation
with them. Such is the earnest desire
of the Department. The Jewelry busi
ness is a part and an important part
of our commerce. It has acted fairly;
its normal needs should be considered
fairly. Platinum is required for many
uses. Every such ' use has its just
claim. None many urge an exclusive
demand. All have a part in our com
mon country and the Government of
that country seeks through the De
partment of Commerce to secure for
all a due and proper share. To this
end the considerate course taken by
the jewelers will directly contribute."
Texas Senate unanimously adopted
resolution authorizing state treasurer
to purchase $7,000,000 United States
certificates.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING QUICK RESULTS
INTEREST STIMULATED!
(Continued From Page One)
Copper Lode Will Mill Ore.
Within a. few days the lane mill at
the property of the Copper Lod?
Mines company, located about 6 miles
southeast of Jerome, will begin re
ducing ore extracted from the upper
levels of the mine. The vein as open-'
ed on the several levels to an incline!
depth of 400 feet, has a width of from
2 to 4 and samples to an average of
$20 gold per ton. Below and on the
400-foot lveel the ore is making into a
heavy copper-sulphide. The crosscut
and drift in the ore on the lower, or
640-foot level, is said to carry a high
copper content. By June 1st the shaft
will be completely unwatered. Im
mediately therafter Managing Direc
tor H. P. Dickinson will make a thor
ough sampling of the lower level to
determine the strength and value of
the copper-bearing ore at that depth,
and will sink the shaft to a depth of
1000 feet where he expects to tap
the main copper-sulphide ore body.
, Binghampton Mine a Winner.
Mineral disclosures of the past few
days in the mine of the Arizona Bing
hampton Copper company, located
about 15 miles southeast of Jerome,
exceed in magnitude the most san
guine expectations of the management
and bespeak the future of the prop
erty in no uncertain manner. Copper
ore is opened on every level to a
depth cf 600 feet and is supplying the
company's mill with 100 tons of ore
per day without recourse to stopping.
On the 400 and 600-foot levels the
average copper content of No. 102 ore
body increased to better than 8 per
cent the current week and this in
crease was attended by a marked wid
ening of the deposit Superintendent
Tullcch states the mill heads are run
ning an average of 6 per cent copper
as against an average of from 3V& to 4
per cent chopper two weeks ago. The
showing in the Arizona Binghampton
is unquestionably one of the most im
portant, if not the most important
recorded -in Yavapai county sines the
discovery of copper ore in the United
Verde Extension mine.
To Finance Lucky 5.
Arrangements have been made to
finance the porperty of tb Lucky 5
Mining company, located in the Cop
per Basin district It is purposed to
equip the mine with adequate machin
ery within the next month and to sink
the main shaft to the permanent copper-sulphide
ore leveL A mill for the
concentration of ore is also a part
of the equipment program. At nom
inal depth the copper showing is
very pronounced and is becoming
more so as the shaft is loweder. The
ledge is widening as depth is gained
Avoid Oily Skin
and Shiny Nose
A new and effective treatment
for oily and flabby skins, kas re
cently been perfected
The use of astringent cream at nignt
and astringent lotion during the day will
remove the oily appearance and impsova
the texture of the skin Free demonstra
tion and explanation of treatment at
McDonald's Marinello Shop Phons 305
and is increasing its mineralization,
liecent assays of the high grade por
tion gave returns of $35 per ton fas
gold, silver and copper. Some of the
samples assayed as high as 8 per cent
copper and 27 ounces silver per ton.
As broken from the vein the ore
samples a minimum of $10 foM per
ton. The deposit shows chalcopyrite
in quantity and la similar in character,
although higher In value, to the Loma
Prieta ore.
ViEolox
"I was raised In the South, subject
to malarial conditions all my Hfs.
During my sixty odd years I ae
probably taken a Darrel of medicine.
Some time ago I got a dollar bottle
of Vitolox, and I must say this remedy
seems to take more poison from the
system than anything I ever took. I
have gained several pomnda and feel
like a new man."
J. G. CANNON,
McGOFPINj AVE,
EL PASO, TEX.
6 Bottles will cure any case of mus
cular or Inflammatory rheumatism.
Sold on a guarantee.
-
nr
M I II II
W . 1 II II JL
i' . lv ssrjr- v x n a i . t .-jt
ii - w. iff tWy.M1- i in :a i . ' " 1 - - 1 1 A"- cm trKji
. 1
The Reasons for Sti(debaker'$ Leaders! 4;
in the West
STTJDEBAKEIl loads -n the Western States'
because Stud baker Lars stand up and give
the service.
The Scries 17 Stw'ebakers led all other fine cars
in sales in California in 1916 official registra
tion figures prove it.
The Series IS StuJebakcrs are even belter than
the Scries 17.
They are maintaining the leadership the SerL
17 established.
Because they embody ninety distinct improve
ments in mechanical construction, convenience
and comfort over the Series 17.
Because they offer all the improvements, all thb
refinements sugges'ed by four years close study
of the performance of 300,00) Studebaker Cars
in actual service in every part of the world.
In them Studebai.er gives you the QUALITY
that stands up and gives service under the
hardest tests of the road.
In them th? many economies made jxissiHe by
wst resources, the savings obtained tiiiuiih the
development of steadily improved mmi. !'-.
ing methods and the installation of liu ..u. .-.i .. .1
best labor saving machinery are turned to . , '..
advantage.
That is why Studebaker i.n able to oifer you
good a car at so low a price.
That is why the Studebaker SIX is moot eco
nomical to buy.
It is economical to operate because StudHkr?
quality reduces "upkeep" to its lowest pooi
terms. '
It is economical to drive because of great gnse
line economy in ratio to power, because of great
tire economy in ratio to weight and carrying
capacity Studebaker owners frequently gt
from S.000 to 10,000 miles on a single set of tires.
It is economical to own, because it brings a
very high second-hand value in case of resale
or trade-in.
For these reasons you owe it to yourself to
investigate Studebaker before you buy a car.
Let us give 30U a Studebaker demoastratien
todjy.
rrttir.Cyt.'nder Models
'll'K Koadsu-r . . . JIM
II I', louring Car . . 83
l'K Landau Roadster . 1150
IK K tvery-Weather Car 1183
AUtnLf.l.k Dclro
BISBEE AUTO COMPANY
(The Pioneer Garage)
PHONE 5
Six-Cylinder Alntich
FT Roadster . . . .
SIX Touring Car ... 11M
SIX Landau Roadster . IV
SIX Touring Sedan . ' . t
SIX Coupe . . I7M
IX Limousine ... , . Jf.J
AUpnc. A. Dtfrml THE BISEEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 13, 1917.
THREE
Society Hears Call
Of Summery Coasts
Dorcas Club, Mrs. Lloyd, Quality
Hill. May 24.
Y. W. C. A. Bible class, Monday,
1:30 p. m.
ft'atren P. T. A- May 16, 4 p. m
Siifiday afternoon. Y. W. C. A. 3
am. Meeting for all girls of the
disfiict. i
f.M3yr17, May party for the April
hieftbers of the Association.
Surprise Party.
A surprise was Riven Mrs. B. T.
Watkins at her home on west Boule
vard Thursday evening. It was ar
'r ranged that Mrs. Watkins was to
take a short automobile drive to the
Divide. Upon returning home she
found many of ber friends had gath
ered there. The house was prettily
- decorated with red, white, and pink
roses from the, gardens of Mrs. Tus--Un.
Refreshments consisting of
dainty -sandwiches, sake, coffee, and
pineapple sherbet were served. Piano
selections by Mrs. Pritehard and Miss
Ellen Watkins, a reading by Mrs. Wit
ktois, songs by MiBS Lucile Watkins,
. apd . stories by Mr. Hargis were
. greatly enjoyed. The guests were:
Mesdames George Cobb, Edward
H. Snodgrass, J. R. Henderson, J.
G. Pritehard, Thomas Hargis, H. W.
"Clarkson, J.'.D. Blair. E. A. Watkins,
.XV, W. Watkins, - Richard Thomas,
Homer Trees, A. S. Richards, Henry
Pierce, Barnes Tustin; the Misses
Florence Watkins, Francis Mentier,
Lucile Watkins, Ellen Watkins:
Messrs. George Cobb, Edward Graves,
George Perry, Roy Holcombe, H.
Snodgrass, J. R. Henderson. J. G.
Pritehard, Thomas Hargis, H. W.
Clarkson. J. D. Blair, E., A. Watkins,
and W. W. Watkins and Master
Frank Tustin
Warren P. T. A.
'sociation will meet Wednesday, May
16. at 4 p. m. All parents please
-make an effort to come.
Birthday Party.
Mrs. Nelson Marr entertained Sun
day in honor of her little daughter
Iva's birthday at their new home in
Warren. The table was prettily de
corated with ivy and carnations and
Kewpie favors were used, while the
birthday cake was surmounted by a
Kewpie dolL Dainty refreshments
were served. Mrs. Marr was assisted
in entertaining the little folks by Mrs.
D. H. Smith, Mrs. Sam Ryall, Mrs. Lon
tt- i 1 , Tij.it ir T I . . : w.A
xvtriiy, nils, nuiit wia. tuviugiuu auu
Mrs. Leverett. The little guests were,
Margaret and Agnes Holt, Annour Wil
son, Silva, George and James Warne,
James and William Holt, Clifford Ryall
and Billy Leverett.
Dr. R, F. Krenek left Friday night
for an extended trip through the
South during his leave of absence.
He will be joined by his wife, who
preceded him a few weeks ago, at
Fort Worth, and together they will
visit the doctor's mother at La
Grange, Texas. Dr. Krenek is the
U. S. veterinary inspector in charge
of the Tovrea (establishment of this
city. During his absence inspection
will be made by Dr. S. W. Fields of
the Los Angeles force.
Red Cross.
A meeting was held Thursday at
the home of Mrs. A. J. Bamforth,
in Warren, to arrange for a Red
Cross entertainment, to be given in
the near future. Films showing Red
Cross work on the European battle
fields will be shown, with various
other interesting features. High
school girjs and kindergarten Chil
li .n will td1ta rrnrt T.nrar Qoriafl
of dances and card parties will be
Amazing Power of Bon-Opto
To Make Weak Eyes Strong
Doctor Says It Strengthens
Eyesight 50 per cent in One
Week's Time in Many Instances
A Fre Prescription You Can Hav
Filled and Um at Home
Victims of eye strain and other eye
weakuefwes and" thorn" who wear glaswu.
will be glad to know that ueeording t
Dr. Lewis there i real Lope and help for
them. Many whone rye were failing say
they have bad their eyen restored by this
remarkable prescription and many who
once wore glaxoes nay they have thrown
them awny. One man say", after using
it: "I was nlmont blind. Could not see
to read nt alL Now I can read every
thing without my gluiwn, uud my eyes do
not hurt any more. At nittht they would
pain dreadfully. Now they feel fine all
the time' It was like a mirm-le to me."
A lady who used it says: "The atmos
phere seemed b.iay with or without
glasses, but after .sins tiiif; nnwription
for fifteen days everything seenm clear
I can read even lino ;.r:nt without
glasses.' Another who used it nays: "1
was bothered with eye strain caimcd by
overworked, tired eyes, which induced
fierce headaches. I have worn glasses for
several years, both for dixtiiiK-r and work,
and without them I rouM not read my
own name on an enveloje or the type
writing on the machine before me. 1
can do both now and have discarded my
long distance glasses altogether. I ran
count the fluttering leaves on the trees
across the street now. which for several
years have looked li'ie a !im rreen blur
to me I cannot exrc my joy at what
it has done for me." 9
It is believed that thousands who wear
glasses can now discord them in a reason-1
given for the same cause. The var
ious committees are composed of
Mesdames, Houle, Kline, Sherman,
Lynn Whitely, Bamforth, Wilson,
Whitwell, McGreggor and Leuehere.
Central School P. T. A.
Central srbool Parent Teachers
Association will hold their final
meeting Tuesday evening at 7:30 at
the school building.
Ar'ona Boys Entertain.
The boys of the First Arizona In
fantry, stationed at Lowell, enter
tained about thirty of their young
lady friends at the camp on Thurs
day evening. Four prominent wom
en and their husbands of Warren
acted as choperones. The boys
wanted their friends to know a little
of their every day camp life and took
this opportunity of showing the girls
around. The evening, was pleasantly
passed in card playing and games.
Refreshments were served and some
of the boys furnished music to the
delight of their guests.' A general
good time was enjoyed by all.
Dorcas Club.
Mrs. "Tom Jewell, of Quality Hill,
was hostess to the Dorcas club on
Wednesday afternoon. The time was
pleasantly passed in conversation
and fancy work. Tea, wafers and
cake were served to about nine mem
bers. The club has decided to take
up Red Cross work and will prob
ably make its next meeting the be
ginning of the patriotic work. Mrs.
LIcyd, of Quality Hill, will be the
next hostess. May 24.
Mrs. M. Bluett is confined to her
home on Clawson hill with an at
tack of pneumonia. Her daughter,
Mrs. Dave Hassler, has arrived from
El Paso to act as nurse during the
illness.
The Adawana Camp Fire girls held
their monthly ceremonial meeting at
the Y. W. C. A. Saturday afternoon.
Two new members were initiated in
to the camp fire order. Refreshments
consisting of fruit punch and cake
were served. . ,
Mr. and "Mrs. Churchill left Friday
night on the Golden State Limited
for Los Angeles, San Francisco, and
other coast points. They will return
about June first. .
R. A. Clampitt, assistant postmaster
of Bisbee, is expected to return soon
from Yoakum, Texas, where he took
his family preparatory to his joining
the officers' training camp at San
Francisco. After making all plans to
attend the school, Mr. Clampitt was
disappointed to learn that the govern
ment would not release him from -his
postal duties.
A reception was given Tuesday
night at the First Christian church by
the Ladies' Aid Society In hamr of
Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Stambaugh, re
cently bridegroom and bride. The
members of the Society presented the
couple with a cut glass bowl, which
was received with speeches and much
appreciation by the two. Refresh
ments also were served.'
Jolly Juniors' Picnic
Members of the Jolly Juniors, the
official name of Mrs. Du dig's class of
the , First Christian Church Sunady
School, held a picnic at Warren Park,
last Monday night. Twenty members
were present, and after many games,
the young people were served with
ice cream.
Jack Sparks and family and Vance
Johnson and family left Tombstone
able time and multitudes more will be
able to strengthen their eyes so as to be
spared the trouble and expense of ever
getting glasses. Eye troubles of many
descriptions may be wonderfully benetfied
by the use of this prescription at home.
Go to any active drug store and get a
bottle of Kon-Opto tablets. Drop one
Bon-Opto tablet in a fourth of a glass of
water and let it dissolve. With this
liquid bathe the eyes two to four times
daily. You should notice your eyes clear
tip perceptibly richt from the start, and
inflammation and redness will quickly
disappear. If your eyes bother you even
a little it is your duty to take steps to
save them now before it is too late.
Many hopelessly blind might have saved
their sight if they had tared for their
eyes in time. q
Note: Another prominent Phynicisn to whom
ttur nbore article vm submitted. mhI: "Yew,
the Bon-Opto prescript ion is truly m wonderful
eye remedy. ItsronHtituent ingredients are well
known to eminent eye specisliHts nod widely
prescribed by tlicm. I have iMed it very suc
cessfully in mr own practice on patient:) wliose
eves were strained ttirourh overwork cr micflt
classes. I ran t idily recommend it in caw of
weak, watery, achinc, oruartin. itching, bum
Iiik eyef. red lids, blurred vinion or for eyes in
flamed from exposure to smoke, snn. dust or
wind. It is one of the very few preparation I
feel should be kept on hand for regular use in
slmnt every family." Bon-Opto, referred to
nliore. is not patent medicim or secret
remedy. It is an ethical preparation, the for
mula being prirded on the packare. he man
ufacturers suarantee ft to strengthen eyesight
5n per cent in one week's time in many Instamrt
or refill 1 the money. It can be obtained from
any ton. druse 1st and is sold in this city bi
The Bisbee Drug Co. and others
Tuesday on their way to California in
their Studebaker Sixes. They will go
by way of Tucson. Prescott, Grand
Canyon and Needles, and will prob
ably be away six weeks.
Mrs. Sam Hammer and three rhil
dren of Pomona, California arrived in
Bisbee last Sunday to make this their
home. Mr. Hammer is the foreman of
of composing room of the Bisbee Daily
Review.
Mr. and Mrs. James Conroy left Mon
day night for San Francisco. Mr. Con
roy has accepted a position there with
the Pierce Arrow Motor Company.
a
Whist Party.
Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Coles gave a
whist party at their home in Tomb
stone canyon Monday evening In
honor of Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Thompson
of New York.
Mr. and Mrs. Tom Stafford have re
turned from a trip to the Coast.
'
Mr. and Mrs. Charlie Holtz expect
to leave for the Coast for an extended
stay.
A. Valjean on "old time" newspaper
man of this state, and one of the
founders of the Bisbee Ore is here vis
king for a few days.
Charles Philbrook, superintendent
of city schools, has returned from a
visit to Murietta Hot Springs, Cali
fornia.
Mrs. Paul Lorenzen left Wednesday
morning for Los Angeles and the
Coast to enjoy an outing at the
beaches.
Mrs. James T. Carey left Tuesday
night for The Dalles; Oregon, to be
with ber husband, who has purchased
an interest in a paper there.
Mrs. Fred Freeman of Clawson Hill
will leave next week for a visit to
California.
Fred Henderson, shift boss at the
Holbrook, left Wednesday morning for
Cripple Creek, Colorado and other
points for a vacatoin.
Mrs. Gus Johnson, wife of the man
ager of the Bisbee Fuel and Feed Co.,
has gone to San Diego to pass the
summer.
Mrs, R. C. Weber left Wednesday
night on the Golden State Limited for
Los Angeles to enjoy a vacation.
Mr. and Mrs. Quinlan Hampton are
moving to their new home in Warren.
1
Mrs. Etta Kane, of the suit de
partment of the Phelps Dodge store.
left Wednesday morning for Little
Rock. Arkansas, called by a telegram
announcing the death of her husband.
Mr. and Mrs. Dan Thompson and
f party of friends motored toj Doug
las Thursday In bonor of Mrs.
Thompson's birthday.
Domestic Science Exhibit.
The) Domestic Science class of the
lral schools will give their annual
exhibit at the high school gymnasium
May 14, and 16.
Miss Genevieve Johns has resigned
ber position in the local schools and
will attend Wellesley College this
fall.
Harry L. Sotzen and family will
leave today for a long motor trip.
They expect to travel as far north
as Montana and have set no defi
nite time for their return.
The Misses Chauncey and Funk
houser, of this city, who bave been
attending tbe Normal school at Flag
staff, have been elected to positions
in the local schools for the coming
year.
Mrs. Mangus Mainland is enjoyi
ing a visit from ber friend Miss Kerr,
who stopped off here on ber way to
the Coast, from Jier home in Penn
sylvania, for a visit of a few days.
Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Rankin left Tues
day night for Ray, Arizona, where.
they will make their borne. Mr. Ran
kin has been employed as hoisting
engineer by the Copper Queen.
Mr. and Mrs. James Kinney, of the
KInney-McGregor ranch, in Abbott
Canyon, are the proud parents of a
boy, born Wednesday morning.
Mrs. A. Johnson left Tuesday night
on tbe Golden State Limited for Los
Angeles and other Coast points.
Miss Elsie Toles, county superin
tendent of schools, motored over
from Tombstone for a visit with ber
home folks.
Miss Hattie Malan, a high school
teacher, is confined to ber home on
Mason hill by sickness.
Mr. and Mrs. L. L. Gilman, and
children left Tuesday in their Buick
for a trip to the Coast.
a
Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Thompson leit
Tuesday night for their home in New
York City, after passing several weeks
in Arizona, 'the last few days of which
were in the Warren district.
, Mr. and Mrs. Axel Warra and chil
dren left Wednesday for Michigan,
where they will make their home. '
Brilliant, Dashing Colors Predominate
; In Spring's Newest Garments
The new Italian knitted silks adapt
themselves in a most charming man
ner to the modes of tbe moment and
are without question the most fash
ionable of the new jorsey weaves
now so popular for coats and suits
of the better class. This fabric
comes in black, white and various
new shades of flesh, delft-blue, or
ange, royal purple and Chinese blue.
Gray broadcloth collars are shown
in preference to white for wear with
tbe tailored suits.
Scarcely lesR important than hats
are belts and girdles this season,l
With the one-piece and chemise
fecks will be worn girdles of Chin
ese and Egyptian origin.. They are
formed of a series of links fashy
ioned on antique green-gold, silver,
or bronze and are richly ornamented
with precious and semi-precious jew
els. Pear-shaped pendants of jade,
peacock stone, amber or turqubise
hang from placques encrusted with
colored jewels or medallions of won:
derful enamel work in brilliant col
orings. Pale putty color is one of the new
est in color no verities this season.
Both in gowns and suits' it is prov
ing popular. .
Buttons in all shapes, shades and
sizes are shown, filigree gun-metal
and silvered buttons producing mili
tary effect.
Paris has recalled to favor the Ox
ford tie. This comfortable half shoe
has a beel of sensible height. For
dressy occasions, however, there are
black patent leather Oxfords with
the Cuban Louis h,eels.
Irregular cross stitch is fashion
able on wash dresses.
The newest thins in trench coats
has arrived. In battlefield green and
in army brown, these coats bave a0
the military touches which the fem
inine mind could wish. Tbe trimly
fitting waist, the military belt, the
snug sleeve, and the swing which
such garments should have, all are
in perfection in these coats.
Sweater vests or sleeveless sweat
ers are proving a joy to the athletic
girl, their comfort and freedom mak
ing them an ideal' sports garments.
Quaintly styled separate skirts for
golf, street, automobile and even for
dress, the separate skirt is again the
mode,", white satin being the ytrf
newest idea. Khaki Kool. velour.
satin and the ever-dependable" wool.
pleated or plain are featured, many
in dashing plaids, checks, stripes and
other sport patterns.
The tailored hat answers for so
many occasions that it is indispen
sable.. Overalls for women have come to
stay and are proving a boon to the
woman who does her own housework.
1
Never has neckwear been more fas
cinating, large cape collars and fi
chus of net, organdie, georgette
crepe, and crepe de chine with frilled
edges and hand embroidered corners
will make the modern girl somewhat
like her Puritan ancesters. Chem
isettes and vestees are a welcome ad
dition to the summer outfit for they
freshen up a frock to an amazing de
gree. The loveliest of these have
inserts of Valenciennes, filet or
cluny lace insertion combined with
lace frillings. Others boast of sailor
collars of either pale pink, blue or
tn handkerchief linen with scalloped
edges.
Hats and stocks to match and hats
and sticks to match are charming
conceits of fashion. The sticks have
Milady's bag attached.
The newest sunshades and mnbrel
las have borrowed an Oriental at
mosphere. The former are made of
the richly embroidered silk used for
tbe mandarin's coat or skirt while
the latter have handles of carved
wood, Ivory, or enamel that are im
portations from China and Japan.
The old-fashioned stock of pique
or linen with a turn-over is again in
style.
Casque combs are popnlar now,
with or without stone settings.
For all bats small and large
tsraw and materials seem to be used
in half and half proportions and very
often the two are combined on the
same hat. Among the materialls used
are tulle, satin, and taffeta and horse
hair. Lace used either as a trimming
or for tbe whole shape. Most of the
Btraw employed is stiff and shiny.
For small hats soft and suple straw
is used. Several hats are shown in
shich straw and wool are sewen to
gether, which gives to the straw a
soft and pretty surface.
Tbe fashion for Asiatic embroidery
has its echo in hats. For instance
there is a small hat of black straw,
the crown of which is covered with
a square piece of Chinese embroidery
over blue satin. The satin looks like
it was only posed on the hat. It is
held on top with a coral button.
1
A nexquisite bag of mocha color
suede is tipped with a heavy silk tas
sel and topped with a flrtt half oval
of Khaki K'jol embroidered in sport
colors and pleated into a dainty in
crusted silver frame.
Peggy pajamas are new in low
neck, short sleeves, empire effect.
Some have waists of washable satin
with wide ribbon belts.
V. W. CA. Notes'
Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock there
will be a meeting at the Y. W. C. A.
for all school girls. Mrs. A. B. Rich
ardson, wife of the pastor will give a
talk. Following this, the girls will be
entertained at the boy's department cf
the Y. M. C. A. All girls are invitad
to attend.
The April members of the associa
tion will be entertained at a May
party, Thursday evening. May 17, by
Mrs. J. G. Southerland.
The Ashanti Camp Fire girls held a
council and party last Thursday even
ing at the Y. W. C. A. Refreshments
were served and the time was pleas
antly passed in games and music. The
hostesses were Miss Ruby Knowels
and Miss Clara Mariette.
The Ministers' Association gave an
outing Friday for the Rev. and Mrs.
J. R. Evans, who are leaving this
field and are going to South Dakota.
Mr. Evans has had charge of the Pres
byterian churches of the suburban
district. The party took lunch and the
day was pleasantly passed at High
land Park. Those present were: Rev.
and Mrs. Harshman, Rev. and Mrs. J.
C. E. Fry, Rev. and Mrs. Brewster,
Rev. and Mrs. Pitman, Rev. and Mrs.
J. R. Evans, Rev. W. S. Deatherage,
Mrs. A. D. Richardson and Miss Car
lotta Moyer.
Plans are being formulated for a
Red Cross benefit to be given in the
near future. A definite date has not
yet been decided on. The affair will
probably be given at one of the local
theatres and will be made up of girls
in pantomines. A Red Cross film will
be shown.
The Churches
The Assembly of God.
Services: Sunday School at 2:00;
Sunday preaching at 7:30; Tuesday
bible .study, at 7:30 p. m.. Every
body cordially invited to attend
these services. John Eiting, Pastor.
Bisbee Suburbs.
Warren. Sunday School at 10:00
A. M.
Lowell, Sunday; ijchool, at 10:00
A. M,
Don Luis: Sunday School, at 10:00
A. M.
South Bisbee. Preaching at 11:00
A. M.: Sunday School, 3:00 P. M.;
Preaching, 7:30 P. M.
This will be the last Sunday of
the present minister in this field. He
wishes to extend his sincere thanks
to all the kind friends who made it
possible for the preaching of the
Gospel in the four points of this
field. J. Rhys. Minister.
Rev. J. Rhys Emns will preach
in Welsh at the Presbyterian church
today at 3:00 P. M.
Presbyterian Church.
Sunday School, at 9:43 A. M.;
Young people's meeting at 6:30 P.
M. Topic: "Fellowship with God"
Psalm 119:97-104. Public worship
at 11 A. M., with sermon by the pas
tor. In the evening this church will
unite in the service conducted by the
Methodist church In the Y. M. C. A.
gymnasium. Mid-week meeting Wed
nesday at 7:30 P. M. Ascension Day
service, with Knights Templar in at
tendance, Thursday at 7:30 P. M.
Social given by the Christian En
deavorers Friday evening. John E.
Fry, Pastor.
St. John's Episcopal Church
Sunday school 9:4T a. m.; morn
ing service 11 a. m.; Thursday, choir
practice, 7:30 p m. If S. Brewster.
Rector.
Methodist Episcopit.
Sunday School, 9:45: Public Wor-;
ship, 11 o'clock. Rev. H. C. Wilson
of New York, an expert Sunday ;
School man will deliver an address
on "When is the Sunday School Ef
ficient. There will also be a service at
2 p. in. at which addresses will be
delivered by Dr. F. M. Lark in. editor
of the California Christian Advocate.
San Francisco, on "What Part Has
the Church Paper in Promoting
Church Efficiency?" and by Dr. F. D.
Sheets of New York City on the "Ef
ficiency Church and the World Out
look." This address will be illus
trated by stereopticon.
The evening service will be held at
7:30 In the Y. M. C. A. auditorium,
when Bishop A. W. Leonard will
speak on "Evangelism and Social
Service." Bishop Ieonard has much
practical experience on these lines,
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
WEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN
Gneral Secretary A. B. Richardson
left Saturday for Miami, win re he
will help dedicate the new Y. M. C.
A. building today.
Wm. Otis. Jr., one-time owner of;
the Pure Milk Depot, and interested
in several other enterprises since he
sold out his former place, has gone
to Dallas. Texas.
G. Z. Curtis is going to Fort Hua
chuca to join the army.
'P. D. Bachman. who has been
working for the county as timekeep
er, ha: resigned his position and is
now working for the Pheiph Dodge
stone pt Lowell.
James E. Congdon. of the Copper
Queen Efficiency department, is now
working at the dispensary.
T. H. Hill and Millard Martin, who
have been debating whether to join
the navy or the army, have finally
decided to side in with the army.
L. B. Hess, who has just been
mustered out-of the Arizona National
guard, has started to work at the
Cole Shaft, and he also has taken out
a t'Y" membership.
Carl Onsdorfhas joined the navy.
Ed Engle has gone on a month's
vacation.
John Nelson has left Bisbee for a
few days.
Following are the names of those
who .have joined or renewed their
membership during the past week:
Albert Iihanek, Lloyd F. Webb. Chas.
C. Kplsey. Ben BauRh. A. F. Nelson.
Z. A. Nenman. Bruce Lymck. L B.
Hess. Erick Hallin. Harry L. Combs.
Joe N. Chapman, O. D. Brown. Geo.
Brooks. Walter W. Peverley. W. R.
Schernizke, Mike Pandel, R C. Laney, !
J. W. Haskell, C. N. French, George
and has a burning message for the
people. The service is taken to the
Y. M. C. A. in order to accommodate
to crowd that will undoubtedly wish
to hear this eminent man.
The public will be welcomed to all
these meetings. It is an opportunity
that does not often come to Bisbee.
and it is hoped that the public gen
erally will improve the opportunity
that offers itself to them Charles
W. Harshman.
First Christian Church
Services for Mothers' Day. Sunday,
May 13, 1917. Bible school. 10 a. m.,
L. T. Frazier, Supt.; morning church
service and communion. 11 a. niM
subject, "Mother." Christian En
deavor at 6:30 p. m.; Evening church
services, 7:30 p. m. Choir practice
Wednesday evening 7:30. Mrs. Os
car Rudig musical director. The first
Christian church extends a cordial
welcome to all to attend the services.
Everyone is welcome.
BEST REMEDY FOR WHOOPING
COUGH
"Last winter when my little boy had
the whooping cough, I gave him Cham
berlain's Cough Remedy," writes Mrs.
J. B. Roberts, East St Louis. 111. "It
kept his cough loose and relieved him
of thbse dreadful coughing spells. It
is the only cough medicine I keep in
the house because I have the most
confidence in it." This remedy is also
good for colds and croup. Adv.
Special Sa!e
for Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday only of guar
anteed aluminum ware. Some of which is the celebrat
ed Illinois 1 898 Brand guaranteed for 20 years.
A few articles are listed below, many more are in
stock and are reduced for these three days.
TEAKETTLES
No. 9 $4.50 Kettle, special $4.00
No. 8 $4.25 Kettle, special $3.75
No. 8 $4.00 Colonial Pattern .....$3.25
No. 8 $2.50 Plain $2.25
CEREAL COOKERS
3 Qt., $2.00 Special $1.45
2 Qt.. $1.75 Special $1.3.
COVERED BERLIN KETTLE.
6 Qt, $3.00 Special $2.50
4 Qt., $2.75 Special $2.40
COVERED PRESERVING KETTLES
8 Qt., $2.35 Special $1.85
6 Qt., $2.25 Special $1.75
LIPPED PRESERVING KETTLES
5 Qt., $1.50 Special $1.10
LIPPED SAUCE PANS
4 Qt., $1.00 Special 75c
9 Inch Pie Pans, 45c 35c
Bread Pans. 60c - -. 45c
PUDDING PANS
2 ta 30c ......... 40c
3 Qt., 60c 45c
4 Qt., 75c : 60c
6 Qt., $1.25 90c
H. E. Wootton
HARDWARE, PLUMBING, TINNING
Main Street Phone 268 Opp. Elks Club
MINING DISTRICT
Pandel. R. O. Owens. E. W. Marreil.
Robert', Parks. David" Bushnpll, David
Lozier. Joe Flint. John Madeen. Ar
nold C. Ross. E. E. Schumann, A. D.
Sugs, C. F. Thompson. F. A. Pohlan.
S. D. JJonlet. J. H. Stanners. J. R.
Reynolds. E. W. Donovan. Issac Haw
ley, C. II. Green. Rudolph Manzo.
Paul B. Romero, F. W Brown, Geo.
Medogovich , Matthew Kaske, and
Lewis LeCuyer.
Carlisle P.' Jackson and Jack Rft
law. two popular "Y" men are start
ing in business for themselves. They
are starting a parcel delivery em
bracing the Warren District to be
known as the Rapid Parcel Delivery.
W. C. Weber, the champion heavy
weight wrestler of the Warren Dis
trict, has joined the ranks of the
bachelors. Mrs. Weber being a great
swimmer could not resist the temp
tation to spend a few months on the
Coast.
Paul Lotz. one of the Camera club
members at the "Y is now employed
by the Shattuck and Arizona Com
pany. Eegipning Monday. May 14. the "Y"
wilt hold an individual bowling tour
nament, the object of which will be
to pick the two teams who will play
Douglas the fourth and last game
for this season for tbe Siiield tro
phy. Boys' Department
The regular monthly council of the
Mukesin Snake Tribe was held Thurs
day, May 10. It was well attended by
the pioneer members. Plans were
made for a suitable place and form a
council ring among some of the sur
rounding hills. The next council of
the tribue will be held there. Plans
were made to appoint the members of
the high council. ,
The last lecture of the series of con
fidential lectures on "Health" was
given by Dr. A. Edward Roome. It
was attended by a large, crowd of. in
terested boys. , , ;
Today Judge Frank Thomas will
talk to the boys. Following the talk
by the judge the regular monthly un
ion meeting of the young people of
the Y. W. C. A. and the Y. M. C. A.
will be held in the Boys' Department.
Refreshments will be served.
Each Saturday a large group of War
ren District boys gather at the Boys'
Department at 2:00 a. m. and from
there go to the Czar Fild to play bill.
Better get. Into the gang. They have
"some time."
In a few days we will be able to
give all Interested boys (Vfinite infor
mation about the gardens. Every true
American boy with red blood in Ms
veins will want cne of fh.-se g.irdca
plots. "
The following membership teams
have been formed the last week: Mem
bership team number one: Captain.
Walter Hodgson. Gordon Wallace.
Bud Hascall. Marshal Hodgso.
George Gregovich, Carl Freeman.
Membership team number two: Cap
tain, Arthuh Ojeda. Tom Nichols.
Ben Hand, Ernis Johnson. Kline Abies,
Lawrence Fresco. The winning team
will receive a membership blanket.
Watch Uiem "dig in." OCIft teams
are being formed.
The following mcmbrs were ad
ded the past week: Cecil Hapsin. Hugh
McArdle, Kenneth Mitchell, Donald
Long. FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 13, 1917.
THE GREAT ROHANCEf PREPAREDNESS
a5j LOUI5 JOSEPH VANCE
Novelization of tbe Motion Picture Paj of the
Same Name Produced for the Internationa!
Film Service, Inc., Under the Direction of
jy barton. Inc. cnsC-w
THE CAST.
MRS. VERNON CASTLE
Patria Channing.
MILTON SILLS at Donald Parr.
WARNER OLAND as Baron
Hurokl.
DOROTHY GREEN as Fanny
Adair.
SYNOPSIS. ', .
Baron Hurokl of Tokyo, oonnptrlns tc
embroil the United States ami Mexico In
order to pave the way fur the Japanese
Invasion of the Pacific coast, is hunted
from the country by Patria Channing,
sole executrix of the $100,000,000 trsst se
cretly created by patriotic progenitors to
combat the national perils inherent in
unpreparednesa." Establishing himself
Just across the Mexican border. Hurokl
schemes to be revenged upon Patria, who
owns vast properties just north of the
border.
TWELFTH EPISODE '
"Peace" Which Passeth All Un-
dflrstanrfinn!
BEFORE THE STORM.
jtne punisnment administered by the
Channing ranch hands to the raiding
party which, under the leadership of
that redoubtable scoundrel. Poncho
Zelaya, had descended literally like
wolves upon a 6heepfold upon Pa-
tria's hacienda In the quiet of early
morning, seemed to work with salu
tary effect ujon the understanding of
Senqr Zelaya and his Japanese ' con
frere, Bftron HurokL I
Days" of complete peace followed
that abortive raid, lengthening into
weeks. - . f
Scouts sent out by Captain Donald
Parga acting for Patria, reported that
Zelaya and Hurokl had apparently ;
never again ventured forth from the j
mountain'1 fastnesses to which they :
had been driven by the Channing
people, after their rescue of Patria ,
and Donald. '
Nor was there perceptible any indl-1
cation of concentration of Mexican !
soldiery in the country south of the
border whether troops of the de facto
government or followers of Zelaya's
outlaw fortunes.
In natural consequence that vigi
lance which had been excited among
border landowners by the raid in- j
sensibly relaxed- The stronger gnnrds .
which they had established against
further attempts against their lives
and properties were weakened by
Trrt.t. - l , : i.
relapsed into that fatally raise sense
of security which had theretofore been
theirs, thanks to long immunity from
such outrages as had been visited upon
other sections or the border country.
That solitary exception was a note
worthy one Patria Channing. who
had suffered too much at the hands
of Baron Hurok! and his associates to
believe that anything short of com.
plete preparation to cope with further
attentions would discourage the en I
emyj ,, I
Such measures, then, as Patria and !
her counselors reckoned she must take '
to provide against possible disaster,
must necessarily be put into effect
with the greatest secrrjey. A minimum
of shrw mjist mask a maximum of In
telligently directed protective efforts.
Patria spent days riding over her
lands In company with Donald. Rod-'
man Pillsbury and a small staff of
chosen lieutenants. The topography
of the countryside was examined with I
minute attention. J
The tremendous acreage of the
Channing ranch favored such secrecy. ',
It would have been almost possible to '
mobilize and maintain a great army
within its boundaries undetected it I
would have been altogether possible
had the resources of the land been suf-1
firient to clothe and equip and provi
sion such a force.
As it was, a very considerable num
ber of men was added to the normal
population of the ranch without at- j
tractlng any attention whatsoever. j
Picked employees rode . forth from '
the hacienda well-nigh dally, for' a
time, on long tours into the Interior
and east and west along the border. .
And the results of their adventurings
appeared dally, by twos and threes
and singly seasoned horsemen all.
alert, clear-eyed, determined patriots.
As a rule they timed their arrivals to
occur during the hours of darkness;
and as soon as they had reported to
Donald Parr, they were assigned to ,
specific duties at a distance from the
main ranch houses, and disappeared
Into the night as silently as they bad
come. Tie hinterland of the ranch ,
swallowed them up; In Its remoter
stretches they lived and wrought sedu- j
lously at their tasks, ail ready for that
summons which "ilght come at
any hour. Meantime they drilled quiet
ly, as cavalry, as artillerymen, and as
machine-gun crews. Within a period
of time surprisingly brief. Patria hud J
at her command a secret lecion of :
trained fighting men, ready for any
emergency. Inured to hardship, famil
iar with the bonier country, resolute
and willing.
Only the drills of ber flying corps
could not be ker-t under cover; bflt
these bad been going on for weeks bo
fore her arrival at the ranch.
Occasionally their reconnaissance
carried, these swift sentries of the all
lanes south of the border; but the re
ports of their observers were invarln
bly destitute of alarming information
Apparently the Mexican populatlot
was apathetic, resigned t,b the pursuit!
of peace. There was no more gun-running
that could be discovered. There
was no movement of troops percept
ible. There were no raids. There wat
not even a lonely case of sniping tt
keep the patrols on the qui vlve.
For all that, Patria's preparation!
were pushed ' forward with unbatec
energy.
There came a day, several weeks
after Zalaya's futile raid, when thlt
young woman rode out to review her
modest but wonderfully efficient forces
She returned to the hacienda in the
quiet of evening, weary but exhilar
ated. ' - '
"I'm not afraid," she told Donald
with a nod of her head indicating tbe
Mexican mountains in the south their
ragged ramparts looming in purple
shades against the silvered skies of a
perfect moonlight night. "Let them
cornel"
He laughed sympathetically, but
shook a reproving head.
"Let us not fall into the pit of over
confidence,? he said. I know how you
feeL It's wonderful to know that we
have all these fine fellows to rally to
our defense in case of need. But after
all. they're only a handful; and what
I fear is that the next act of aggres
sion, when it comes, will be invasion
In overwhelming forces. We have
gone as far as we can in the matter of
making these men the toughest kind
of hard-hitting fighters;, but there
aren't enough of; them to withstand
an army's advance. From now on we
must devote all our energies to the
planning of means to equalize supe
rior numbers with " superior intelli
gence. We must be prepared to de
liver a staggering blow before the en
emy' can find out how Insignificant our
forces are."
They sat in silence for a little, both
gazing out over the shadowed dis
tances beyond the border.
"It is too quiet too quiet alto
gether," Parr mused' aloud. ' "I can't
forget that Hurokl Is somewhere out
there hiding, planning, restlessly
scheming to serve his country's pur
poses and at the same time to gain his
revenge for the setbacks he has re
ceived at our hands."
"Nor can I forget it," the girl re
plied. "Of one thing we may feel as-1
sured : if Hurokl has any voice in the
councils that are taking place down
there, the blow, when it comes, will
fall here first of, all."
The sHadow of premonition dark
ened her mood transiently. She shiv
ered a little. '
"I wonder," she said, "what Iniqui
ties he is hatching down yonder?
There is a certain psychic sympathy
between the minds of those that hate
well, even as it is with those who love ;
there was less coincidence than might
be thought in the fuct that, at approx
imately the same time. Baron Hurokl
was uttering substantially similar ob
servations concerning Patria, at a dis
tance of something like a day's ride
from the hacienda. '
The scene was the main room of an
adobe dwelling of somewhat more pre
tentious proportions and appointments
than Is commonly to be found in the
wilder sections of inland Mexico.
There were a number of other adobe
houses near it; but this was the larg
est of the lot ; and it was further dis
tinguished by a restless going and
coming of orderlies and officers of su
perior' rank in the field uniforms of
the Japanese army though there was
not lacking a sprinkling of others at
tired in the livery of the troops loyal
to the de facto government of Mexico
The dwelling was, in short,' the
headquarters of General Nogi, com
mander in chief of the allied Japanese
and Mexican forces wblch had been
secretly gathered together in this re
mote retreat and were now marking
time, under arms, against receipt of
word from Tokyo to proceed with the
long-planned Invasion of the south
western United States.
From the slight eminence on which
the headquarters building stood the
valley sloped away in dimly moonlit
perspective; and as far as one could
see it was a city of dust-colored tents
populated by regiment upon regiment
of highly trained and efficient troops.
Within the headquarters building, in
a large room, brightly lighted and fur
nished with soldierly severity, an in
formal council of war was in prog
ress. General Nogi himself presiding.
He was a man of nearly sixty, yet
carried his compact and athletic body
with the ease of twenty-five. His
heuvy-lidded eyes were as bright as
any .youth's; the network wrinkles
thnt lnclosed them, with the whiteness
of his hair, alone betrayed bis age.
And the habit of incontestable author
ity was distinctively his A man who
measured his words before uttering
fliern,' who spoke seldom, having once
spoken, was to. be obeyed to the let
ter, he dominated the conference absolutely.
in that presence the blustering. val
iant Zelnya diminished to his right
stature, that of a rowdyisb brngg.-irt,
not lacking In courage and initiative,
conspicuously deficient in education,
wisdom. Judgment.
Only less dwarfed was the repre
sentative of the Carranza interests,
General Torreon, a trim nnd intelli
gent Mexican, well grounded in the !
fundamentals of his trade which was
simply and exclusively war.
Baron Hurokl alone seemed able to
address Nogi In terms of equality If
without once suggesting any reluc
tance to accord the commander" In
chief the deference that was his due.
This, perhaps, was quite natural, in
view of the authority with which
Baron Hurokl hnd been clothed by the
Imperial government at Tokyo an au
thority only second to that of General
Nogi, who was Hurokl's only ranking
officer in the allied camp.
The occasion which had brought
about this conference was the failure
of the Mexican system of espionage
o secure any accurate Information as
to conditions Immediately north of the
border.
This was due to the uncommonly
thoroughgoing and tireless, system of
patrols organized by Donald Parr and
maintained by Patria and her neigh
bors. For several weeks spy after spy had
sought to penetrate the lines and In
yarlablyfciad been obliged to give up
the attempt. No less than three,
through unchronicled mischance, had
vanished utterly' and Inexplicably. And
no Information of any real value had
been reported back to headquarters by
those who, acting under instruction,
bad confined their efforts to long-distance
observation with tbe aid of
powerful binoculars. They saw , Pa
tria's biplanes hanging in the skies or
swifty coursing through them; but
that was all.
And hour by hour it was believed by
nil those present at this conference,
the moment drew nearer when the
word to advance would be given out by
Tokyo.
Tt is not only humiliating." Hu
rokl was declaring, "It - is mndness,
downright madness, to contemplate a
movement in force without first-hand
information as to what this accursed
girl is up to. It is insensate folly to
underestimate her ability nnd anxiety
to hinder and embarrass us. It is all
very well for you gentlemen" he ad
dressed himself superficially to Ze
laya and Torreon "to point to our
forces and say the United States can
muster nothing to withstand it That
Is true as far as we know. But you
make the mistake of thinking you
have only tbe regular army and the
National Guard to reckon with. Tou
have something else this puny slip
of a girl, this Insignificant Patria
Channing. ' I know her, as you do not ;
nnd I tell you she is like a living
Dame of patriotism ;' she is intelligent.
...(..j A-
'
The Fight Was in
resourceful, unafraid, and she controls
75 per cent of the arms and ammuni
tion Industries of the United States.
In addition, she has at her command
this Immense treasure, this hundred-tnillton-dollar
trust, which she Inherit
ed and declares she will spend It for
the sole purpose of defeating our
plans . . . since, as it appears, her
country is too niggsrdly and short
sighted to spend a dollar In its own
defense I
"And we sit here in Ignorance of
her plans! We must know them, and
we must know them without more de
layor we risk a setback that ex
plodes our entire ncheme of invasion !"
"How can that be?" Torreon in
quired. With a grunt of Impatience Hurokl
pointed to a great topographical map
spread out on the table between them.
"Have you forgotten that our chosen
line of march strikes directly through
the Channing ranch property? And
what are we going to find there? What
Is this girl doing there, all this time
while we sit here twiddling our
thumbs? She Isn't idle I promise you
tb-st- She can purchase, if need be,
the best military intelligence in the
L'nited Hates. Is It sensible to si;p
(xise tliMt her advisers have f erlnokci'
the fact that via the ('banning ranch
is the shortest and quickest route
toward our gonl? that. If we strike at
ill from this quarter. It will mituraHy
snd surely he along that line? Act
tuch being the probable case, is it wlfca
1
4
A'
to itrncine she Is taking r?o steps to!
pri pure a trap for us? ... I toll
you, we must know! Your spies have
thus far failed; we can employ noue(
of ours, for it would be fatal to have .
u Japanese caught In an act of es-;
plonnge." i
"What would you suggest, then?"
Torreon asked thoughtfully. i
"Find some way to stimulate the ef
ficiency of your system. Get us some
trustworthy information no matter
how."
"If I may make a suggestion " Ze
laya ventured. At a nod from Nogi
he proceeded, pulling at his mustache
to mask the smile of relish with which
be anticipated permission to commit
yet another atrocity on American soil.
"It is a long time since we have
broken the peace of the border here
abouts. And these Americans have
short memories. Let me send a few
a mere handful of my men to exe
cute a flying raid on the Channing
ranch. I will guarantee results,"
"How so?" Nogi demanded.
Zelaya bent over the map and with
the blunt end of a greasy forefinger in
dicated a certain point,
"Here is a house fully twenty miles
from the hacienda," he said. "It is the
home of the man named Morgan,
ranch foreman. He lives there with
his son, his sister and his mother his
wife is dead. Both Morgan and his
sister are deep in the confidence of the
Senoritn Channing. Let my men
bring in either of these . . ."
He paused and showed his teeth in
a smile of gruesome significance. "And
I will promise to Induce him or her
to tell us everything we want to
know."
Eagerly Hurokl's eyes sought the
face of his commander In chief. It
told him, however, nothing. Impas
sively General Nogi deliberated ; It
was nearly two minutes later when he
delivered his verdict.
"Let this thing be done," he said;
and rose, ending the conference. .
"PEACE WITH HONOR." I
Gomez was the name of the man
chosen by Zelaya to do the work he
had suggested ''Gomez the Killer"
was the sobriquet by which he was
known to his fellows; a quiet-mannered,
sad-faced Mexican of something
a little under the average build of bis
breed.
Listening gravely to the Instructions
of his superior, he nodded gentle com
prehension, and sallied forth to exe
cute Zelaya's will with no more com
passion In his heart than he would
have felt if ordered to exterminate
all but one or two of a nest of rattle
snakes. He journeyed northward that night
by motorcycle, and spent the following
day In what appeared to be desultory
riding about the country just south of
the border, pausing at the dwelling of
bis friend and that to pass the time of
day.
InA.aU he made jnst twenty such
aaf u ;W if V
vS. .V..
V- I ,
a
1 tf f
Peadly Earnest.
calls. Then he retired to well-earned
rest
In the gray dusk of the next dawn
twenty mounted and armed Mexican?
rendezvoused with - the Killer at a i
point some twjy miles south of the ;
boundary line of the Channing ranch,1
and about twenty miles from Its ha
cienda. He was well-Informed as to the hab
its of the patrol both that maintained
by the United States government and
that which Tatrla Channing had or- j
ganlzed. Since It was the custom for
raiding parties to cross the horder by j
nlcht or In earliest dawn, Gomez re-i
frained from doing anything as com
monplace. He recognized no necessity
for a clash with the patrols when It
could be avoided by the exercise of a ,
little patience.
Conducting his command to a point;
where they could skulk under cover of .
wooded ground, secure from spyln; j
eyes, he scouted on afoot to a spot !
tvhenee, lying at length on the crest
f a little hill, he could spy through I
the undergrowth that concealed him. j
Below him. just beyond a shallow
arroyo. lay the Morgan homestead. j
It whs a Sunday morning, very quiet j
and warm. ' The peace of unaccus- i
turned indolence enveloped the hoiue
iend. By convention It was a morn-.
Ing for a late breakfast late, that Is.!
In the esteem of folk In the huilt of
rising with the sun. So It wer; all j
of tv o h"'irs aftor sun-up whrn trie
smoke bej an to ascend from tbe cuim-
7
j
EA
. THEATR
"The House of Comfort"
Continuous from 1 to 11
P. M.
TOMORROW i
PATHE PRESENTS
MRS. VERNON CASTLE
IN
THR 12TH P.HAPTF.R
OF
THE SERIAL SUPREME
i
GREATER VITAGRAPH
THE
PRESENTS
ITS DELUXE EDITION
OF THE SENSATIONAL
, PAUL GILMORE'S
Captain
Alva Rez
FEATURING
EDITH STOREY
WITH
ALL-STAR CAST
A BIG SEVEN REEL
FEATURE PROGRAM
AT POPULAR PRICES
ADMiSSION
10 AND 15 CENTS
I
j ney of the peaceful Morgan kitchen.
! In the dooryard Bud Morgan and his
I sister l:ess were watching with un
, bridled amusement the efforts of Bud's
I little boy. Sum. to ride an aged and
i well-informed donkey a sad-eyed
creature who demonstrated his Intel
lieence by lying down as often as the
child got firmly seated on his back.
Their laughter came clearly to the
ears of the Killer. His own eyes
twinkled sympathetically. Then he
yawned and hoped that their summons
I to breakfast would not be too long
j 'lelayed. It bored him to wait there
I in the heat and dust without the sol
ace of a cigarette.
I He fondled the grip of his revolver
and repined that his orders had been
strict that he might not ahoot now,
when the three offered him such fair
targets,, and have done with the busi
ness without delaying to take two of
them prisoners if possible.
In due time, however, the mother
appeared in the doorway and called
them in. The donkey was abandoned
to crop his own breakfast. The door-
yard was left untenanted. Gomez sub
jected the surrounding landscape to
one final, prolonged scrutiny, then
turned, squirmed back through the un
derbrush, rose to his feet, and hurried
to rejoin his fellows.
Leading their horses, the Mexicans
moved forward furtively, surrounding
the home without rousing the suspi
cions of its tenants.
To these the attack came like thun
der from the blue. They breakfasted
behind doors closed and bolted by
habit of precaution ; that circumstance
ulone provided them with a chance for
their lives.
There came a sudden rush of feet
In the dooryard, and the front door
was furiously battered with rifle butts.
Simultaneously a window adjoining
the table was smashed in. Bud Mor
gan had barely time to spring to the
cartridge belt and holster which hnng
on the wall behind them when the first
shot sounded. He emptied a revolver
at the window In response meanwhile
urging the two women and the child
into the adjoining bedchamber.
As they disappeared the front door
began to give to the blows of an nx.
Bud had a second revolver ready for
the rush that followed its breaking
In. The satisfaction of seeing two of
the raiders fail was at least his before
be was charged and carried to the
floor by half a dozen Mexicans.
Why he was not shot outright passed
his understanding. His weapons emp
ty, he fought madly with his bore
hands, ne was a young rann, and
hard and poweyful; the combined ex
ertions of the six could not avail to
keep him down for long. One after
another he struck and kicked them off.
then struggled to his feet At the
same time he was assailed from be
hind; a stnggering blow from a gun-
butt all but felled him.
Sick with pain, he reeled out through
the doorway. There others awaited
him. He went down again under their
assault, again fought his way to his
feet, this time with a revolver which
he had wrested from the grasp of one
of his adversaries.
Gomez the Killer confronted him as
he rose weary of eye, almost diffident
of manner, watching his prey warily.
revolver poised. It was becoming
plain to Gomez that this man was not
to be taken alive. As Bud caught sight
of him. he fired. The American's head
jerked back sharply, there was a look
of agony on his face, swiftly erased
by the blankness of unconsciousness.
his knees bnckled, and he dropped
one side of his head a mass of blood.
It never occurred to the Killer to
doubt that his bullet had penetrated
Bud's brain. He wasted no more
thought upon the unhappy man after
Irritably kicking him and passed on
Into the house.
The bedchamber door was down.
Within. Bess Morgan was fighting for
her life. A dead Mexican Just beyond
the threshold testified to the skill with
which she bad used the revolver
which. Its every chamber discharged.
she was now employing as a club.
Slender and young, a mere slip of a
ra!r-hnlred girl barely out of her
teens, she fought with science and the
desperation of one who faces. If not
death, worse than denth. She had no
reason to anticipate any sort of mercy;
her mother lay dead, a bullet through
her heart, in a far corner of the room :
her little nephew had Just dropped
out of the window to be ruthlessly
shot down as he Ced round a corner of
the house.
Lounging in the doorway, a shoulder
against. It, Gomez rolled and lighted a
cigarette, watching her struggles with
a glimmer of approbation. Gringo
women like this, with such spirit and
strength, were worth fighting for. The
Killer regretted that he must hand
her over to his superior. What a
woman once he had tamed her!
She was standing off no less than
three Mexican desperadoes one she
stretched out with a skull cracked by
a shrewd blow from the butt of the re
volver, even while Gomez watched.
But the others were too many for her;
stepping back to avoid their rushes,
she tripped over the body of one of
their fellows, and went down. That
was the end; In another moment she
was helpless In their bands.
Gomez straightened up from the
doorway. "Come," he said quietly;
"hold her fast, but don't hurt her."
Struggling hopelessly, the girl was
dragged from the house and thrown
Into the saddle of a horse belonging
to one of the fallen Mexicans. Her
raptors rode knee-to-knee with her, on
either side. There was no possibility
if escape, yet she would not lose heart.
Sbe affected a sudden weakness, sat
drooplngly. with head bowed and
hands clasped on the pommel. Th-
cavalcade swept to the tuue of rushing
hoofs out of the dooryard. down Into
the aroyo, up 1U farther I Jul, and sg
nnthward toward those fax purple
Jills.
Behind It the Morgaij homestead
oared witli flames, a 'funeral pyre for
he body of the murdered mother.
The girl would not let herself think
f that Sbe understood now that she
lad been taken alive for a purpose,
ihe must defeat that purpose, either
iy escaping or by bringing her own
lenth about In attempting to escape.
he dared not think of the horror that
ay behind, lest it unnerve her and
nake her fall. .'...," '. -I
Leaving the open country, the nrtd
;rs took to the highroad. If they "ntf '
Mailed the patrols, they did not hope
or long to go unpursued. Their sdfest
ourse lay in' open flight 'by'tbe fastest
iracticable route to the hills. "Tbiy
spared neither their horses nor theln
elves. .. - -
It so happened that the animal rtd
ien by Bess Morgan was one of the
K''t ,vv::.: K-'
13 ,'fe.4--4
Within Bess Morgan Was Fighting for
Her Ufa.
poorest of the lot It lagged. They
ho rode beside ber were constantly
lrawlng ahead, and then with curses
reining back. Deceived by her apparent
eslgnation, they gave her more room.
Ahead of them, when taei had rld
icn for. about twenty minutes, the road
wnng round a htgh-panked bend. Out
if the slope a tree thrust a, 1 branch
n-er the road. Bess save, and took her
me chance. , ' '. ' ".'
A furtive twitch at the reins, caused
ler horse to lag still more dwfdcdlV.
I he others won to a full length ahead
ss, they swrpt rouqd tbe curve.
liaising both onus, the gr rnvzht
he overhanging branch and U(tei her
self bodily from the saddle. The horse
ocketed on. relieved o Its, bunlen.' at
somewhat faster pace.
But tbe efforts she made to siting
ip on the limb of tbe tree and by that
oute gain the top of the bank was
toneless. She had put too grent stre?
;pon her strength In her struggle; Jf
failed her now. ' She dangled hefple
y for a moment or 'two, then dropped
:o tbe roadway. ' ' 'r
As soon 'as that happened, terror
ent her new strength. Sbe turned nnd
an wildly back along the road, seek
ng some place where she mlcht find
.emiHirary cover by the roadside.
That refuge was denied her. ' On the
me hand was open country, definite
f anything considerable eaouzh to
tide behind; on the other, the concave
.rail of the bluff- '
And already her escape was discov
ered. She could hear the thunder of
eturnlng hoofs. Still she held on. run
ting ns she had never dreamed tv.
could be able to run. despite her
tminins lungs and aching muscles.
The hoofs were very close behind
ter now. . She. rut forth one Inst en
Icavor which failed In Us Inception.
Oertrking her, the Mexicans rode
jp on e'.Uur side. As she ran. the
iders swung down from their saddl"-.
-nusht ber arms, lifting her fairly
ft her feet and holding her so while
hey wheeled their horses and dashed
ack-
Scorching heat helped Bud Morgnn's
etnrn to consciousness. LTe ronsec
lowly, rolled over to get fartl-r
;r-ay from the flames' that were def
-ouripg his ome. and sat up with a
plitting pain In bis head.
The hand that he Instinctively lifte.'.
o his temple enrae away dripping wit;,
ilood. Yet he was not seriously
rounded. The bullet had cut a deep
'tirrow In the side of his head, bn;
.ad failed to penetrate the stutt. to
he temporary unconsciousness that
oilowcd the wound, he owed his prc
nt liberty and his escape from n tr
ured death wmewhere in the hills
o the s-iuth.
Yet life was Mtter to sever :'new.
Vs he staggvred away from thv tuni
ng house that entombed his niothrr,
le come upon the riddled body of h!-i
son.
What his subsequent actions were
le never knew.' It was late aftcrnii
rhen he rode up to tbe Channing ha
jenda, more mad than sane, on tUe
iack of a horse without saddle r
Jldle.
It was an hour later before he r,
overed sufficiently to gasp out hi
ale of horror to Patria and Domiid
?air in the library.
When he had finished, the i.-uin
lomed his bead on his folded rni-.
ind sat racked with dry, convulsive
mbs.
On either side of him Patria srd
onald sought, then avoided, each
her's eyes.
(TO EE COSTISUEU,
A f
j
.v-. : t THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 13, 1917.
FIVE
1
I
f
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under tbt Vead at the rate ot 1 cenc per word for each
-tea wtvk a minimum charg of 26 cents. Advertlsenents nmst reach The I
fcHTiew office not later than 4 p. m. tor Insertion la the next morning paper,
. " " I
Wanted I
WANTED RcAms for lighthousekeep-
ing on an unfurnished apartment. G.
L. A, Review 292
tfA,XTED Have cash to pay for
blouse; want lowest price. C. H..
.cafe Review. 291
WS'TED Dwelling house on easy J
Bymeuis. emu- jocauon ana Desi ,
terms. D. H., care Review.
291
WANTED Three ladies fo sell Nu
Bone corsets. House to house can
vas. Good pay Nu Bone Corset
Parlor, Hughes Block, Apt 14. Mrs.
WalL 293
WANTED Bookkeeper employed
wants small set of books to keep
evenings; new systems installed to
suit your business: monthly trial bal
ance and business statements ; col
lection letters that get the money;
satisfaction guaranteed;, terms
reasonable. Bookkeeper, P. O. Box
980. Warren. 264
WANTED Arista manager, latest
modern refrigirating system, cuts
refrigeration half, any refrigerator.
Cost a trifle, small capital required,
Jackson Mfg. Co., 829 West 11 St.,
Los Angeles, Cal. 268
WANTED Woman to"care for small
child few hours daily. Inquire be
tween 2 and S .Sunday. Room 43,
Moose Hotel. 269
WANTED Housekeeping for small
family. Phone Red 684 Sr write E.
: care of Review. 275
SALESMAN Capable specialty man
.for Arizona staple line on new ex
ceptional terms. Vacancy now. At
tractive commission contract $35.00
weekly for expenses. Miles F. Bix
ler Co., 719 Carlin Bldg., Cleveland,
Ohio. ' 722
LADIES I am giving away a fine Mor
ris chair for distributing 5 dozen
pkgs. of Cream of Rice. Write at
once to A. Robinson, 2307 Archer;
Avenue, Chicago. tzi
WANTED Agents $5 to $7 daily sell
ing New Fibre Brooms; every wom
an will buy. Sample by Parcel Post
38 cents. Wynne Broom CO., Elmi
ra, N. Y. 727
FARMS WANTED Wanted to hear
from owner of good faroi for sale.
. Northwetsern Business Agency,
Minneapolis, Mien. 724
WANTED An intelligent person may
earn $100 monthly corresponding for.
...newspapers; $44 tb,t50 monthly in j
i
spare time; experience unnecessary;
no canvassing: subiet.U suuuested. '
' Send for particulars. National
Press Bureau, Room 975, Buffalo, N. 1
y 237
. I
WANTED Good furnished room in
private house by office man. W O..
care of Review. 298 .
WANTED High class agent Locally!
well known, to represent A-l money 1
proposition. Mining Corporation, I
Care Review Oflice. (718)
' i
SALESMAN WANTED SplenCiS
chance for advancement. See Mr. I
Overfield, 7 Main St., Bisbee. (705) !
WANTED Some good boys to put in !
application for Review route ca I
riers. Must be willing t9,4o good;
work and take an interest in it (tf) 1
i .
WANTED Woman for general house-
work in family of three. Write or!
phone Mrs. A. U Heney, Fairbank, '
Arizona. , 675 '
... . .... ; '
W ANTED WSrk, a much needed in-'
dustry. Henry Wilklns, profession-
- al auto washer and polisher at Lo-!
well Motor Co prepared to do first
class work. Phone 738
678 i
WANTED Chambermaid at Ma-x ho
iel. LowelL 408
WANTED Painting and paper hang-
ing. Ed Bennett, P. O. box W. Low
ell. 123 !
REVIEW WANT ADS
. BRING QUICK RESULTS
THE PERILS OF PETEY "Gee Whiz!" Part Two
t N twe viliaiu i Jrfg fe w 6y Bc-rk yJTTW 5'-Kv; tomowWs u u N Sj
o 4 J Hi V HER Ac-?v?r Co? ilWrf rrr'l h V PAPERS OKIDER )h'Vj V l'vlwt APPff AR. VitTw IM if
mMf tew ASM ibMM
toriade i
FOR SALE Good horse and delivery
wagon. Inquire Home Industry Fur
niture Store, Lowell, 654
FOR SALE Three room house and
two lots. Don Luis Ariz. Enquire
at Don Luis postoffice, $650.00. 614
pgR SALE 1917 Ford touring car
witn speedometer, tool box, canteen
and tire rack: motor in perfect run
ning order; 2 new casings. E. M. P.,
Box 1744, Bisbee. 288
FOR SALE One bedsted and sanitary
couch, 2 mattresses. John Charon,
Tombstone Canyon, opposite Bar
num Car Stop. , 760
FOR SALE One ice box practically
new, 113 Jiggerville. 261
FOR SALE Cheap, an Overland tour
ing car. in good condition, or will
trade for f'jrd in good condition. L.
McMillan, 56 Cowen Ridge, Lowell.
262
FOR SALE Metz touring car fully
equipped; can be seen in front post
office today: 265
FOR SALE Seven passenger Stude
baker 35 or will trade for Ford in
good condition. Enquire at No. 2
Jones Hill. 267
FOR SALE Several good used sew
ing machine; cheap. Singer Sewing
Machine Company Upper Main
street. Phone 332. 273
FOR SALE Ford runabout body. Op,
fenders and windshield. Gibson
Hineg Lumber Co. 296
FOR SALE Hoosier kitchen cabinet
same as new. Also one congoleum
rug 9x12 feet Price reasonable.
Terms if desired. 217 Bailey Hill.
271
FOR SALE 2 fine office desks and re
volving chairs. Type writer, storage
cabinet and common chairs. R. All-
ger Lewis, Copper Queen Hotel. 286
FOR SALE Studebaker six, series 18,
been used 2 months. Price $900. i
Will give terms. W. C. Bridges, Jitr
ney Stand.
682
FOR SALE From 40 to 160 acres of
good farming land located 18 miles
. east of Bisbee. For further inform
ation address Box 217, Bisbee, Ariz.
655
FOR SALE Studebaker roadster in
first class condition and good tires,
$275.00 cash. Will demonstrate any j
afternoon. Address Lawrence Wil-1
son. Gen. Delivery, City. 673
F0R SALE 4 lOom house and sleep j
In Porch in b arren with all mod- j
ern conveniences. Chicken house i
and garage. Terms. Address Box i
326, Bisbee. or Phone Red 754 (645) i .
FURNITURE FOR SALE The John
son Addition Furniture Co. wants
to pay you the highest cash prices
for your second hend furniture. Al
so wants to trad? or exchange you
new furniture for your old. We will
sell you furniture cheaper' . than
anybody on easy payments. Call
In at the big brick building at the j
Johnson Addition and let us show
you our large and selected stock of !
bouse furnishings, or phone us at !
our store. Phone 385, Johnson Ad- j
d'.tion
TEN HIGH grade Holstein calves, one
well marked bull four weeks old.
Twenty-one dollars, crated. Order
at once. Burr Oak Farms, White-1
water, Wisconsin, Box A. 720 '
,
CET YOUR EGGS frcm C. H. Grer-n. i
Wholesale and retail; deliveries'
made to all parts of the district !
Phone 115, Bisbee.
(544)
FOR SALE Barber Shop tm account
, of sickness. Call 38 Upper Lowell.
(570)
FOR SALE! Seven room house lit j
Warren with all modern conveni
ence, trees, vines, wood shed, and
garage. One block from car line. 1
Investigate this it's a bargain. Ad
dress box 326, Bisbee or ptrone Red .
754. . 48Y '
Furnished Roomt
FOR RENT 2 rooms furnished for
I housekeeDlne. ' Johnson addition.
Jonn..jn Ave No 30 2S7
rent Two housekeeping rooni3
t9 O. K. street. 274
FOR RENT 3 housekeeping
rooms,
266
102 Higgins Hill.
FOR RENT 4 room new modern
h'ouse, screen porch, garage, yard all
fenced, completely furnished, will
rent for the summer. Warren. Ap
ply M. C. High. Allen Block. 294
FOR RENT Two clean rooms furnish
ed for light housekeeping or batch
ing. No children, care Review 290
FOR RENT FiVrnt room for
lady in cement house, back of
Palace Livery. Mrs. A. E. Cromer.
Phone 365. . 758
FOR RENT Furnished rooms, house
keeping and sleeping. Terrace Room
ing House. 289
FOR RENT Nicely furnished room
suitable for one or two gentlemen.
Vidana house, Chi. Hill. 297
FOR RENT Nicely furnished from
room back of Doyle House. Quality
Hill. Mrs. WUelan. (714)
FOR RENT Well
room. Two men.
Upper Lowell.
furnished fi'ont
Single beds. 86
(696)
FOR RENT Furnished housekeeping
rooms, close in. Block north ot
High Sch'jol, 189, Teraby Ave. (715)
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms. 98
C. O. K. St Phone Red 530. (717)
FOR RENT Furni6hed rooms. Ce
ment house above lumber yard.
Brewery Gulch. (719)
FOR RENT Two- rooms for light
housekeeping. 143 Opera Drive. 656
FOR RENT Well furnished room for
one or two gentlemen. J. P., care
Review. 674
FOR RENT Two nicely furnished
rooms with bath, half block from
Ball Park, Warren, Phone Green 373.
. 653
FOR RENT Furnished batching ap-
artment ci'jse-in; gas and light
Cheap to right party, 153B
Temby
Avenue.
621
FOR RENT Rooms 75 School Hill.
612 !
FOR RENT New four room house; I Meridian, has filed notice of Intention
electric lights; partly furnished.!10 "lake five vear Proot- to establish
Mrs. WinwOod. Winwood Addition, j clalm to the ,and above described,
(553) 'before Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Com
j MOOSE HOTEL, Furnished rooms
$2.00 per week and up. 405
, For Rent
FOR RENT 3 room house, Tombstone 1
canyon, opposite Barnum Car 6top.
John Charron. 759
Miscellaneous
Learn actual auto repairing, book
keeping, at'orthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A., Los Angeles. Cat
alogs free. 955
COX CO. loans $5 to $50 without se
curity to men or women in perma
nent Dosltions. NT) honest waere 1
earner refused, easiest weeklv or
monthly Davments. eheaDest rates. '
also loans on furniture, pianos, etc. ,
Confidential, quick service. See us ,
if you need money. New Lyric ,
Theatre Bldg., Room 2, Phone 794.
821
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for all
kinds of work in our line. Pat Clea
ry, manager Box 1495. .Phone 720.
$50,000 to loan on improved city prop
erty or for building, on easy terms
of payment. T. A. Hughes, over
Bank o. Bisbee. 697
The Blackburn Studio of dress cut
ting, designing and making" is now
located Room 4, Maze Bldg., where
everything concerning the art of
good dressing is taught by
Grant
Miss
669
j
FOUND
FOUND Black rurse. Owner can
have saine by identifying and pay
ing for this ad. Review (716)
LOST
OST Between Quality Hill and Low
ell, tan traveling bag, double han
dles. Reward if returned tv Review
office. '366
LOST Pair glasses in leather case
with silk cord tied to glasses. Re
turn to Review. Reward. 270
To Exchange
EXCHANGE I will trade my $300
value in Los Angeles beach property
for equal value lot in Warren. Call
111 Opera Drive, Mrs. Rollings or
phone 737. 295
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
U B. WHITNfcY, Lawyer. Rooms -6
Allen Block, Opeu evenings, Phone
B47. (109)
CLAIRVOYANT
Mrs. Anthony, spiritual medium, now
located at Rtiom 3, Foster Block,
Johnson Addition. Readings daily
circle Thursday 7:30 p. m. 818
LEuAL NOTICES
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zone, April 30, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Julia
Sal lad in Barnes, formerly Julia
I Salladin, tf Garces, Arizona, who.
on Oct 10, 1913, made Home
stead Entry. No. 023527, for NWVi.
Section 25, Township 22 S., Range 20
E., G. & S. R. B. & Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make three year
Proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, be?'ro Jared D. Tay
lor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 11th day of June, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James E. Kelly, of Garces, Arizona;
Belle Kelly, of Garces, Arizona; Per
nel F. Whitmore, of Buena, Arizona;
Alvira Bakeslce, of Buena, Arizona.
J. L IRVIN,
Register.
First publication May 8, 1917.
Last publication June 11, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Oflice, at Phoenix, Ari
zona, April 30, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Caiob
A. Newman, of Hereford, Arizona,
who, on Feb., 1911, made hemesteaa
Entry 013308, for the S. E. 4 Sec. 35,
T. 22 S., R. 20 E., and Sept., 1915,
made Add'l Entry. No. 028808, for S.
J3. 14, S. W. V4, Section 35, Township
'22 S., Range 20 E., G. & S. R. B. k.
missioner, at iiisDee, Arizona, on me
12th day of June. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Roy A. Newman, James W. Haverty,
Joel P. Steele, John F. Ashworth, all
of Garces, Arizona.
' . J. L- IRWIN,
i Register.
First publication May 8, 1917.
Last publication June 12, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona, April 30, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby' given that Day
ton L. Graham, Jr., Of Hereford, Ari
zana, who, on Aug. 14, 1912. made
Homestead entry. 018931, for S. E. Vi
Sec. 35, and Oct. 23. 11)14, made Add'l
". "r o. ri
025336. for S. W. V4. Sec
tion 35- Township 23 S., Range 21
Gr & s R- & Meridian, has fiiea
notice of intention to make three year
Proof, to establish claim to the lana
ab'jve described, before Jared D. Tay-
ior, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee.
; Arizona, on the 12th day of Juuk. 1917.
Claimant names a.i witnesses:
Howard Grube, of Bisbee, Arizona;
Joseph G. McCabe. of Hereford. Ari
zona; Joseph Hammer, of Hereford,
j Arizona; Leslie Wilcox, tf Hereford,
Arizona.
J. L. IRW IX,
Register.
First publication May 8, 1917.
Last publication June 12, 1917.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
Of Cochise County, State of Arizona
In the Matter of the Estate of Ar
tnur Lutley. Deceased.
NOTICE OF HEARING PETITION,
Notice is hereby given that Viola
Martha Lutley has filed in this Court
a certain document purporting to be
the last Will and Testament VI
Arthur E. Lutley together with her
petition praying that said document.
be admitted to probate in this Court
as the last Will and Testament of
jrald Arthur E. Lutley, who, said peti
tioner alleges, is deceased, and that
j letters testamentary issue thereon tD
;said petitioner, and that same will be
'heard on Saturday, the 2tith day of
the forenoon of said day, at the court
(room of said Court, in the Court
i House, in the City of Torabs'one,
County of Cochise, State of Arizona,
and all persons interested in said i
estate are notified then and there ti !
; appear and show cause, if any they
jhave, why the prayer of said petl-;
tioner should not be granted. ;
J. E. JAMES.
Clerk.
By C. L. ALLEN,
Deputy Clerk.
Dated May St'i. 1917.
NOTICE OF SALE OF
SCHOOL BONDS
NO flCE IS HEREBY GIVEN by the
undersigned Board of Trustees of
School District No. 2, County of Co
chise, State ot Arizona, that sealed
i bids will be received by it, on or be
i fore the fourteenth day of May, 1917,
j at twelve o'clock noon of said day,
j for the purchase of school bonds of
j said district, the Issuance of which
was authorized at a School Election
held within said School District, on
March 24, 1917.
The said bonds herein provided to
be sold aggregate One Hundred Thou
sand Dollars ($100,000.00), of the de
nomination of One Thousand Dollars '
($1,000.00) each, numbered consecu
tively from one (1) to one hundred!
(100), both inclusive, and bearing in-,
terest from the date of their Issuance
until maturity at the rate of five perj
centum (57r). per annum, payable;
semi-annually, in gold coin of the
United States of America, and paya
ble and maturing as follows:
Bonds numbered 1 to 10, inclusive,
payable and maturing In the year 1930.
BOnds numbered 11 to 30, Inclusive,
payable and maturing in the year 1931.
Bonds numbered 31 to 50, inclusive,
payable and maturing in the year 193::.
Bonds numbered 51 to 70 inclusive,
payable and maturing in the year 1933.
Bonds numbered 71 to 90, inclusive,
payable and maturing in the year 1934.
Bonds numbered 91 to 100. inclusive,
payable and Maturing in the year 19S5
Said bonds snail be sold to ths high
est and best responsible bidder tor not
less than par, with accrued interest
Al ?lr thC Purcf8 ot 8aid;
bonds shall be accompanied by a cer
tified check for a sum not less than
live per centum (5'c) tf the total
amount of sucn bid, lor the purpose
of. insuring the fullhlment of the obli
gation thereof. And' if, without legai
excuse, the successful bidder shall lail
co complete the purchase of said bonds
within thirty (30) days after the
award is made, said Board of Trus
tees, at its option, may vacate said
award and readyertise said bonds for
sale, holding such successful bidder
responsible for the costs of resale and
of any loss arising thereon, and the
amount of said certified checa shall
be available for the costs of said re
sale or any loss arising thereon. Said
certified check shall be returned to
each unsuccessful bidder. The under
signed Board of School Trustees re
serves the right to reject any and all
jids or parts thereof.
All bids made hereunder shall be
addressed to John Mason Ross. Pres-
ident of the Board of Trustees of;
School District No. 2, Bisbee, Arizona,
ui .uiutrn, k"S 001. J o
in sealed envelope which shall have . The namps of adjo,ni clalm9 loda. unsurveyed. owned by L Jacob
marked thereon: "Proposals for Pur- . ... nn nrt rh.s. Rambo: East. Madero
.'base of School Bonds.'
By order oi the Hoard ot fcupervi-
oors.oi cocn.se county. ute ot ah-
Zona. -
JOHN MASON ROSS.
President.
C. H. HUNT.
Member.
JOHN C. E. FRY,
Secretary
BOARD OF TRUSTEES. SCHOOL
DISTRICT NO. 2. COCHISE COUN
TY, ARIZONA. "
First publication April 21. 1917.
Last publication May 12. 1917. 979
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3335.
Serial No. 033684.
Phoenix,
United States Land Office,
Arizbna, April 3, 1917.
Notice Is hereby given: That
Charles Clason, whose postoffice ad -
dress is Bisbee, Arizona, has made ap
plication for patent for the following application for a patent frr the follow
named lode mining claim, situated in ing lode mining claim, situated in the !
the Warren Mining District, Cochise Warren Mining District Cochise1
UMMER
FARES
Special round trip fares
on sale daily to Sept. 1 5 th. Final return limit Sept. 30th.
Low round trip fares will be in effect providing liberal
stopovers Diverse Routes.
Ask your agent for full particulars. He will gladly
help you plan your trip and make your Pullman reservations.
Or Address,
Ask
Grandfather
HVJ
TeD Yoo
County. Arizona, in Section 8. Town -
ship 23 South, Range 24 East G. ft 1 7 and 18, unsurveyed. T. 23 S.. R. 24
S. R. B. & M., described as follows, ' E-. G. ft S. R. B. ft M, which claim
to-wlt: I is described as follows:
"Morrffng Star No. 4." j UMPIRE No. 1 Beginning at Cor.
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the S. E.'No. 1, tie S. W. Cor.; whence the 4
Corner, whence the 14 cor. between ' Cor. between Sees. 19 and 30, T. 23 S..
Sees. 8 and 17. T. 23 S. R. 24 EL, G. ft ! H. 24 E.. G. ft S. R. B. ft M., bra.
S. R. B. ft M. bears S. 53 06 W. 1536.9 S. 3 02' E. 9604 9- ft; thence N.
feet; thence N. 66 30' W.. 1500 feet 36 67' W. 140.80 ft. to Cor. No. 2.
to corner No. 2: thence N. 24 11' E., the N. W. Cor.; thence N. 69 36
537.40 feet to Corner No. 3; thence S. E. 697.80 ft- to Cor. No. 3, the N. E.
66 30' E.. 1500 feet to Corner No. 4; '.Cor.; thence S. 37 02' E. 1441.10
thence S. 24 11' W- 537.40 feet to
corner No. 1. the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 6.438 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey No. 1387, Al Hassan, of
1.784 acres, with Survey No. 1670,
Contention lode, of 2.073 acres, and
'with Survev No. 2133. Moraine Star!
lode, of 8.209 acres.
j The location notices of this claim
n Ku-nrdul in the rnnntv T!wnrftor,a
0ffice Cochise County, Arizona, as fbl-1 recorded U said County Recorder's
,ows. offlce , 5J Records of Mines,
. . . w.pnrH'.t naze 62L
,,. '
to this survev are: On the North.
rtn tha vat Snr.
. .nd
iWebster jode, 0n the South Surve,
i . . : t , r . . X'
1 2133. Morning Star lodes. On the
: West Survey No. 2133. Morning Star,
'Survey No. 2674 Morning Star No. 2
lodes.
j J. L. IRVIN.
'Register of the United States Land
j Oflice.
First publication April '5, 1917.
j Last publication June 14. 1917.
! No. 033583
1 NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. S. PATENT,
j Mineral Survey No. 3195.
! March 17, 1917.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIA'EN that I
Robert Kennesey, whose postoffice ad I
! dress Is Bisbee, Arizona, on behalf oil
himself and co-owners, I. Jacobson and
.Kinil Macks, whose post-office ad
ureases are the same place, has madr
To the East, May 1 5
and daily to Sept. 30th.
Final return limit Octo
ber 31st.
To California daily
to Sept. 30th. Final
return limit November
30tR.
"The Lodge" Cloud
croft opens May 15 th.
GARNETT KING,
General Pass. Agent, El Paso, Texas.
You Want To Be
Strong And Well
Keep your blood pure ; that s the only way. Don't
wait until you feel badly, but begin NOW. Im
purities in the blood put unnecessary work upon
all the organs, making weakness and old age ome
quicker. Do as Grandfather did; taka S..S.
the best of all blood tonics, proven for 60 years.
Take it now; take it often, and you will have
strength, health and happiness. At your druggist's.
SWIFT SPEClFld CO, ATLANTA, CA.
S.S.S.Vill Strengths! Yea
1 County. State of Ariaona, in Sections
ft., ta Cor. No. 4. the S. E. Cor.;
thence S. 59 36' W. 600.00 ft. to
Cor. No. L the place of beginning.
Total and net area of said claim Is
19.680 acres.
The original location notice of said
Umpire No. 1 claim is recorded In the
County Recorder's office. Cochise
County. Arizona, ir. Book 49. Records
: of Mines, at page 382; and the amend-
1 ed location HOtlCS Of Said Claim lS
i iAinn;nlr Pim- North n Pun
! No. 1 lode, unsurveyed. owned by R-
. Henneser. C. H. Htowe and
Chas.
Rainbo. Wedge lode, unsurveyed.
owned by D. W. Art; South.
Panama lode, unsurveyed. owned
by Lee Jovanovich and, H. W.
Clarkson, New York lode, unsurveyed.
owned by Chas. Rambo sad W. A.
Dell; West Umpire lode, unsurveyed.
owned by L Jacobson. Chas. Rambo
and E. Johnson. Bull Moose Ibde. un
surveyed, owned by Chas. Rambo and
.,ee Jovanovich.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication March 20, 1917.
Last publication May 30. 1917.
OR. W. A. KINGSLEY (Oculist)
Specialist
F.YE. EAR. NOSE and THROAT.
Several years' experience in Lon
don, Berlin, Paris. Vienna. Deco
rated by King ot Roumania in 1913.
Office, 122 N. Stone Avenue.
Night Phone 507-J.
Eyes Fitted For Glasses
Tucson, ... Arizona.
By C A. VOIGHT SIX
THE EISEEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, MAY 10, 1917.
a
A Showing of New Simmon's
A Collection Unsurpassed in the Warren District
New Grass Rugs
-Many new spring arrivals in Grass Rues of
dainty effects, including the famous Crex De Luxe
Rug.
Beauty, quality and character is woven into
every rug that bears the name of Crex.
: - -
m mmmw - ? i
c- u-r j n ill
above
.7
Gifts in Elegant Taste For Graduation
eds in Fifty-One Patterns
of Beds, Wood Finish and Enamel B ass
new riuwuut
The most complete selection of Furniture
ever brought to Bisbee.
You can readily choose furniture in this store
to suit the most discriminating requirements at
prces that cannot be duplicated.
Graduation is
great event in
the lives of young
Zj people and one
remembered.
at!,
-v.x-
quality
all that a
Beauty and Comfort in this gift for such a time
snouia possess is
the quality of permanence.
Loon at i m
OLD HICKORY FURNITURE
;s mci sra!s ct the chairs, rockers, settees and swings
;: of hickory hark, which lias Sx-en niadesoft
i;kv ' Very d'irr.Me anil price very reasonable.
" INSPECT THIS LINE Or OUTDOOR FURNITURE
Present the
graduate with a
gift that will en
dure and be a
pleasant; reminder j
of the giver and
the occasion in the : j Jli V
years to come. L VPf -
We have manvi vf L - -A
lovelv items snir-i-
able for gradua-J
tion.
o mm ,
1 it- I D ' v n .
IItthitt i L
I I . t . I , A ' '
ISP Xcfl
J
SiXEwT rUM OF IT TO DECORATE YOUR PORCHES AND LAWNS
Ribbon Novelties
i
. T A new assortment of nifty little Ribbon Craft
novelties, many of them suitable for favors, and
inexpensive gifts. Others afford good suggestions
1 to those1 who have the knack and the desire to create
'beautiful little objects of ribbons: They come in
a limited range of popular, prices and are to be seen
at the Ribbon Section.
Van Raalte Veiling
A veil makes a plan face pretty every face
more attractive. The subtle witchery of the veil has
enhanced milady's charms since the earliest years -and
there were never such becoming veils as the
collection we are now showing in a large range of
colors and black and white
Remember they wash without wearing, stretch
without tearing, outlast three ordinary veils. Prices
from 25c to $1.00 the yard.
lavaliers
Lavalieres, a very worthy gift for the girl
graduate, priced at $4.50 to $60.00.
WRIST WATCHES, the useful and al
ways appreciated gift, at $15.00 up to $50.00.
Diamond Rings
That far exceed any to be offered at the
price. Two beautiful assortments of Diamond
Rings very appropriate for graduation gifts
prices at $25.00 and $50.00.
Jewelry and Watch Repairing Guaranteed
KhaM-Kooi SifcTiie Yard-;$2.95
Special For Monday and Tuesday
The season's most popular silks, at a price reduction that brings
them within reach of everyone. Khaki Kool designs and Khaki-Kool
quality are featured very strongly irr all the leading Fashion publi
cations. . ! ' ,
There is no question but what these will be most popular through
out the Spring and Summer seasons. We find the price these silks
should bring is a little too high, so we offer them plain and figured,
worth $4.00 and $4.50 the yard Special at the yard $2.95.
Women's Summer Frocks
Lovely new summer dresses of printed grass
cloth, plain grass cloth combined with stripe skirt,
printed linene, cotton gaberdine, French ginghams
and embroidered colored voiles, many combinations
of colors and white with fancy buttons and laces
at $3.25 to $25.00.
Devonshire Cloth
A late fad, White Voile of
nice quality with patterns in
combination of red and blue.
Very nifty for young people, and
the very newest, 40 inches wide
the yard 45c
Patriotic Voiles
Just received a new case of
Devonshire Cloth, the good ser
viceable material that is so popu
lar for children's .wear, at a very
modest price. 32 inches wide,
the yard 25c.
Special Purchase of
Silk Suits
A special purchase from our New York office
that is worth double the price asked. It is unusual
to find such worthy garments at such a low price at
this season of the year.
Some very attractive reproductions of imported
models with sashes, large fancy collars and some
with plaited coats, with elaborate fringes, bead em
broidery and embroidered Khaki Kool collars, in
this collection are taffetas, grosdelondres, Khaki
Kool, chiffon taffeta, satin, taille, pussy willow in
the latest shades, taupe, gold, white, reseda, brown,
Copenhagen and navy. A delightful new colleciton
for dress and street wear; values up to $75.00
Special $39.50
New Wool Suits
When you come to examine the fabrics you
will find them to be of the best Poiret Twill, Men's
Wear Serge, Wool Poplin, Tricotines Fancy Stripe
Worsteds, Buerella Cloth, Gaberdines and Mixtures
in cotton blue, grey, navy, maize, black, rose, tan,
gold and honey shades. Straight line coat effect,
large fancy silk collars, large pockets with fancy
stitching, braid and button trimmed.
New Mid-Summer
Millinery Modes
There is a bewitching charm about the as
sembled new Millinery Modes we are showing this
season. There are White Milan, Sailors, Panamas,
Horse Hair Braid, in short you'll find a remarkable
line of Mid-Summer Hats here any one of which
is worthy of your inspection.
Always Something New
Light Weight Top Coats
That reflect every new style feature shown
in the largest fashion centers. Wool Gaberdine,
Wool Jersey, Loopine, Wool Velour, Wool Poplin
and Buerella Cloth.
w i ' liefer n
Women's New Wash Skirts
A choice collection of the most beautiful spring
models, showing many new conceits in pockets,
belt and button trims. Made of white pique, cotton
corduroy, gaberdine, rep and bedford, from $2.25
to $7.50.
Children's
Lingerie Hats
Children's Lingerie Hats and
Bonnets for littlest girh) a large
collection of shapes and colors of
wash piue and some of gingham.
There are in this assortment
many colors and white price rang
ing from 75c to $2.50..
Infants' New
White Dresses
The neatest, classiest and best
made dresses for little girls that
you can find anywhere, of dainty,
embroidered voiles and organdies
with dainty ribbon, beading and
lace trimmings. Sizes from six
months to six years.
75c up to $5.95.
Very Beautiful Japanese Crepe Kimonos
OF BEAUTIFUL PRINTED JAPANESE CREPE SEMI EMPIRE EFFECTS;
LASTIC BELTS AND LARGE COLLARS PRICES FROM $1.75 TO $4.00.
WAISTS WITH
New Wool Jersey Suits
A delightful new collection of suits for
dress and sport wear; gold, turquoise, apple
green, maize, ruby, grey and white. Trimmed
in harmonizing colors, collar and cuff combina
tions and some with white skirts at $25.00 to
$50.00.
Women's Smart Styled
Lingerie Dresses
An unusual assortment of styles, of col
ored lawns, voiles, all white lawns and voiles,
embroidered nets and organdies price at $5.00
to $30.00.
See Our Line of Palm Bach Auto Coats
Review "Want Ads" Bring Results
1