aw
MARKETS.
WEATHER.
Thursday and Friday,
not much change in
teni perature.
NEW YORK CITY
Average Price of Cop
per for week ending
September 12, 25.83.
J
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL 20. No. 131.
THE BISBEE' DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 8, 1917.
PRICE HVE CENTS
Eh
SECOND LOAN
IDE PUBLIC
BY TREASURY
Minimum Is Heavily Over
subscribed by the American
People, But the Maximum
Amount Was Missed by a
Few Millions.
(By Review Leaser Wire).
WASHINGTON. Nov. 7. Americans
responded to the call for a second
Liberty war loan by subscribing- $4,
617,532,300, an over-subscription by 54
per cent of the $3,000,000,000 asked
and only $383,000,000 less than the
$5,000,000,000 maximum fixed by tfie
treasury department.
Tabulations completed tonight, 11
days after the close of the nation
wide bond selling campaign, showed
that every federal reserve district ex
ceeded its quota and 9.400,000 persons
subscribed in the big war financing
operation, which Secretary MeAdoo
described as the greatest ever at
tempted by any government.
Total of Issue .
Half of the over-subscribed sum
will be accepted, making the actual
total o, bonds to b eissued $3,808,
766,150.' Ninety -nine per cent of the
Eubscribera will receive the amount
for which they bargained, all sub
scriptions for $50,000 or less being
aloltted on the full, and those above
that amount being pared down In vary
ine oroDrtlons ranging from 90 per'
ceut allowance on subscriptions be
tween $30 000 and $100,000 to 40 per
cent for the largest single subscrip
tion of $50.0(K).000.
"The success of the second Liberty
loan, like that of the first, is a dis
tinct triumph for the people of-the
United States." said Secret ry MeAdoo,
announcing the loan results tonight.
"It not only demonstrated their abil
ity, patriotism and resources, but au
gurs the certain success ofany future
loan's that may be offered by the gov
ernment." The secretary added a denial of re
ports that the third loan would be
solicited In January. 1918. .
In view of the large over-subscription
to the second Liberty loan." he
said, "I am gld to state that his will
not be necessary-"
It has been generally understood
trat the third loan would be sought
probably in late 'February or early
March next year.
New York Biggest
The New York federal reserve dis
trict subscribed nearly three times as
much ps the second district In the
I'st. Chicago.
Although 1 per ceit of subscriptions
were for sums pbove $50,000, for which
only partial allottments will be made,
2. 129,000,000. or nearly half of the
big aggregate, was made up by the
larger sums. More than three-quarters
of $1.000.0W.iO0 was subscribed in
individual amounts of more than $1,
000,000. The allottment of subscriptions over
$50 000 was autiiorized by S2cretary
MeAdoo es follows:
Allortments
Between J50.000 and $100,000, inclu
sive, 90 per cent, but not less than
$50,000 will be allowed, reducing $360,
000 000 subscribed to $323,000,000 is
sued. Between $100.(KK and $200,000, Ip
clusive. 75 ter cent, but not less than
$90,000 will be allowed, reducing $242,-'
000,000 subscribed to $181,000,000.
Between $200,000 and $1,000,000. in
clusive, 60 per cent but not less than
f?".0 000 will be allowed, reducing
$756,000 000 subscribed to $455,000,
000. Between $1,000,000 and $8,000,000.
inclusive, 50 per cent but not less
than $600,000 allowed, reducing $470.
0C0.000 subscribed to $235,000,000.
Between $8,000 0fi0 and $30,000,000,
Inclusive, 41.2 per cent but not Ie3s
than $4,000,000 allowed, reducing
$250,000,000 subscribed to $103,0o0.
000 Issued.
Only 40.8 per cent of the single $50.
000.000 subscription, will be allowed,
making the issue of $20,407,600.
Some Comparisons
Subscriptions to the first Ubeny
loan, which closed June 15, were $3.-
035.000.000. a 50 p"r cent oversub
scription of the $2.0t)0,00.000 offered
and allowed. There were more than;
4,000.000 subscribers and allotments!
(Continued on Page Four.)
Serum Found
(By Review Leased Wire.)
STOCKHOLM. Nov. 7. An
nouncement was made at a meet
ing of the Swedish Medical society
today by Dr. Carl Kling. bacteri- ;
ologist at the Carolinian institute,
of a Rerum for the treatment of
scarlet fever. It was said the use
of the serum had reduced mor
tality in the severest cases 17 2-3
per cent, as compaied with a mor
tality of more than 70 per cent.
BIG CONFERENCE
OF ALLIES ABOUT
TO BE LAUNCHED
American Represe"tatives to
Allies War Board Arrive at
British Port. Allied Gen
eral Staff Is Expected.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON1, Nov. 7 An Amer
ican mission landed in England today
on the eve of the opening of the first
great war conference in which the
ITnited States will participate. Col
onel Edward M. House, President Wil
son's personal friend and adviser, Is
the officially designated representa
tive of the United States. He is ac
companied by a staff representing ev-
ery agency in the United States in
cluding Admiral Benson, chief of na
val operations and General Bliss, chief
of staff of the army.
Announcement by Secretary Lan
sing tonight of the arrival of the party
"at a British port" released American
newspapers from a pledge of silence
as to the personnel of the mission and
its movements. The departure of this
group of the most distinguished men
in the government's war councils was
a carefully guarded secret until they
were safely through the submarine
zone. Even many army and navy of
ficials were not aware that their chiefs
had sailed.
Conference Net Set.
The date and place of the confer
ence has not been made public, al
though the understanding here that
the sessions are about to begin. In
a statement accompanying his an
nouncement. Secretary Lansing em
phasized the fact that this gathering
is to be a war conference and noth
ing else, charged with mapping out
a plan of campaign against Germany
to "bring the conflict to a speedy and
satisfactory end."
There have been many indications
that the conference was called at the
request of the United States.
No Diplomats Included.
In selecting Its representatives, the
United States has provided in advance
against becoming involved in any dis
cussion of peace terms or political
questions. There is no diplomatic rep
resentatives with the mission. The
business at this time of every mem
ber of Colonel House's staff is war
making and there can be no discus
sion of any matters not having to do
directly with the prosecution of the
war.
Allied General Staff.
The situation pictured by the sec
retary shows that the real purpose
of the conference is to create in ef
fect a great general staff to co-ordinate
and direct the energies of the
co-belligerents. It will be the duty
of the conference to deal with mili
tary strategy in such sweeping terms
that entire nations will be but units
of operation in the great game. The
whole fighting force of three-fourth
of thf world is to be welded into one
mighty war 'making machine.
All Needs Considered.
At the council table there vMll be
received and weighed, side by side,
the needs of all the powers to be aid
ed. The resources of each will he
reviewed and a perfected plan of ac
tion adopted upon which can be based
the delivery of American supplies of
men, money or food at the points
where they will be most effective.
The men who compose the Ameri
can mission are regarded by the gov
ernment as eminently fitted for their
part in the task, as each has been
personally associated with the devel
opment of some phase of the vast mo
bilization of the nation's resources
that has been going on since the
United States entered the war. Ad
miral Benson has personally super
vised and directed the eepansion of
the navy.
There have been Indications that
the Washington government was anx
ious to know what might be possible
in the way of greater naval activity
against the Germans. Admiral Ben
son has the concensus of American
naval opinion as to the course deemed
(Continued on Page Two)
LATEST OHIO
RETURNS ARE
FAVORABLE TO
PROHIBITION
With Thirty-seven Precincts j
Missing, Ohio Appears to j
Have Gone Into Dry Col-
umn by a Majority of Not
Over 1,500.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
CINCINNATI, Nov. 7. Unless there
are. discrepancies that are not known
at this time or unless the official vole
varies to an extreme extent from the
unofficial, statewide . prohibition in
Ohio, has carried by a majority of ap
proximately 1.600.
La:e returns I'onight from Isolated
districts cut down the early lead estab
lished by the wets and by midnight
had wiped out the majority given the J
.wets when an earror in the Hamilton 1
county vote revealec the fact that thelcrease in the BritUh merchant ships
wets were ten thosuand votes better'
offthan was thought on election night. !
With every county in the stace with , eight vessels over 1,600 tons were sunk
two exceptions complete and with a! by mine or submarine and four ves
majority of the precincts in these two ) sels under that tonnage. No fishing
ttmnted a lead of 1601 for prohibition i vessels were sunk.
was recorded. The vote with
5.727
precincts out of 5,757 showed
for prohibition and 514,371, against it.
The presidential women suffrage
election which was decided overwhelm-
ingly against suffrage was completely
lost Bigni oi toaay on account oi tne
interest shown in the prohibiten con- j
test. . : . j
SINN FEIN PLOT
By AUTHORITIES
United States Secret Service
Arrests Thomas Welsh Who
Is Alleged to Be One of the
Leaders of Sinn Fein Plot
ting. NEW YORK, Nov. 7. Channels
through which Sinn Fein leaders in Ire
land have been communicaJng with
their agents in the United States have I
been disclosed, secret service author
ities believe, through the arrest of
Thomas Welsh, a.British subject, who
waived examination today on a charge
of violating the trading with the en
emy act when arraigned before a Unit
ed States commissioner.
Melowes Involved.
That Welsh is identified with Sinn
Fein propaganda was learned from a
letter which he attempted to destroy
when arrested, according to an assist
ant United States district attorney.
Welsh came ,to the Uni'.ed States
LEADER
I TAKEN
aboard a steamship which an ived here noajquarters tonight show that nine
Sunday, having shipped as a member ;oth(irg haye enrolled niore than 60
of its crew. The letter Welsh sought, fent of tneip famI,ies. r9.
ro aesiroy nas oeen pieceu togemer
and federal authorities say it contains
valuable information relative to Sinn
Fein activities both In Ireland and the L with California Becond. Kew
UnUed States According to illiam Yorfc nQW has 5U ,ed
' FIynn- cn,lef .of the secret service Angeles is second among the cl
the communication mentions General ...
, . i. ! ties with i 6.416.
was arrested here October 20, and Pat
rick McCarton. an assistant of lellow
es who was taken off a ship at Halifax.
N. S., at about the same time.
Information Valuable.
According to Chief Fiynn, the infor
mation resulting from Welsh's arrest
will be of great value to authorities
investigating Sinn Fein plots "on the
other side"-as well as those tracing sup
posed connection of a number of Amer
ican residents with these Intrigues.
Hurtling Names Aids.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
AMSTERDAM. Nov. 7. The Frank
furter Zeitung, a copy of which has
been received here, says Count von
Hertling, the new imperial German
chancellor, has oppointed Herr Fried-j
berg, leader of the national lib rat j
party, and Friedrich von Payer, pro- j
gresrive member of the richstag. re-
spectlvtly, vice president of the Prus-1
sian ministry and vice chancellor. I
mo newspaper adds, however, that:
the appointments have not yet beemtween the Newport team and the Bos- j
oufirnied by Emperor William. ton navy eleven had been abandoned,
Italy's Needs
(By Review Leased Wire.)
ROM K. Monday, Nov. 5. Crm-
menlinii on Italy'.s needs in ih )
piesent ciiiical sfiution. tl.e I'o-
polo Romano urges efficient help
frcm the United States. If help Is (
to come from that source now is the ',
time, nays the newspuper. Italy, '
it says, lesistnii; and will resist.
but she must have . sistawe, umI
t hist wi hin rnrtftin l:nes in .dr)
to Le effective, ,ns without grain
and oul abundantly supplied she
cannot win. . (
B LOSS
Of BRITAIN MUCH
. . , '
Unly Light Vessels of Over
1600 Tons Sunk by Ger -
man submarines. No Fish -
SnPPfl
LOWER f OHM
vr ooTe p Rf intention of the workmen's and sold-.
ing Vessels Go to Bottom... delegate8 to S(.-ze power but t0
(uy Review Leased Wire.)
i.u.mxj.n, nu. i.n. mantra ae-
sunk during the last week is noted in
the admiralty report tonight. Only
The summary:
Arrivals 2.384, sailings 2,379.
British merchant vessels over 1.600
tons sunk by mine or submarine, in
cluding two previously, eight; under
j 1,600 tons, including one previously,
j lour.
Fishing vessels sunk, none.
British merchant vessels unsuccess
fully attacked, including five previous
ly, six.
The sinking of British merchant
ships recorded in the latest admiralty
report are the smallest in point of
numbers since the unrestricted sub
marine warfare began. They' proba
bly are smallest in tonnage also, for,
wJiile in the week ending September
16, only eight vessels of 1,600 tons or
over were sunk, twenty vessels under
that tonnage were destroyed. The
next best record in point of number
was in the week ending September 30,
when thirteen vessels were sunk, elev
en large and two small.
ITALIAN SHIP LOSSES.
ROME, Nor. 7. The Italian ship
ping losses from submarines in all
seas for the week ending November
4 were two steamers under 1.500 ton
and three sailing craft under 100 tons.
FRENCH LOSSES
TARIS, Nov. 7. The losses to
French shipping by submarine or mine
in the week ending November 4 were
one vessel over 1600 tons and one un
der that tonnage.
Eight States Are
Over Pledge Quota
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Nov.
7. Eight ;
states have passed their goals in the
enrollment campaign for food conser-
ivntinn Hnrine- the war ami renorts to
Rhwed total enrollment of
the nation of 8.398,794. Missouri, with
mnra tliun KOO HOA nltripp4 lpnrig the
in
the
its
iA.uiaiai)a . . ...... u. .......
percentage of families
figures being 89.
enrolled.
VISITS TRAINING CAMP.
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN
FRANCE, Nov. 7. (By the Associated
Press.) Joseph E. Willard, the Ameri
can ambassador to Spain visited the
billets of the American troops and the i
instruction grounds today and watched
the men go over the top. He also vis-1
Ited the school In which numbers of
n.v nffl.'ori ri irnin; mnh. 1
ods 'of warfare. Later he called on
General Pershing at headquarters.
PLAY NOVEMBER 17.
(Ry Review Leased Wire.) '
CAMBRIDGE. Mass.. Nov. 7. The
Harvard iiil'jrmal foot bull team wi'.l go
to Newport on November 17th to play
Captain Blacks naval reserve eleven,
it was announced tonight. I, was said
that tentative plans tor a game
be-1
BOLSH V K S
OF RUSSIA ARE
THREATENING
GOVERNMENT
Soldiers' and Workmen's Head
Declares Outlawry Must
Stop. Kerensky Determined
That Nation Must Live.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PETROGRAD, Nov. 7. Leon Trot
sky, president of the central executive
committee of the Petrograd council of
soldiers and workmen's delegates, has
I given strict orders against ou.lawry
land lias threatened with death any
i p.ersons attemptms to :arry out po'
i Trotsky added that it was not the
represent to a congress of 'jrkmens
and soldiers' delegates to be called
; shortly that that body take over con-i
,v, or,:,Qi fr ),ir), oil pres
arrangements have been perfect
eJ
L
PETROGRAD, Nov. 7. An armed
naval detachment under orders of the
Maximalist revolutionary c'jmmittee,
has occupied the offices of the official
Petrograd -.elegraph agency.
The Maximalists also occupied the
General Telegraph office, the state
bank and Marie palace, where the pre
liminary parliament has suspended its
1'"'' " "'"""'"-
1 no gentrai me ui iue unj iruwiuo
normal and street traffic has not been
interrupted.
Cossacks Inquire.
In the early fours of ;he morning a
delegation of Cassicks appeared at the
winter palace and, told Premier Ke
rensky that Uiey were disposed to car
ry out the governments' orders con
cerning the guarding of the capital,
but they insisted that if hostilities
commenced it would be necessary for
their forees to be supplemented by in
fantry units. They further demanded
-.hat the premier detlne the govern
ment's attitude toward the Bolshevikis
citing the release from custody of
some of those who had been arrested
for participation in the July disturb
ances. The Cossacks virtually made
a demand that the government pro
claim the Bolshevikis ou:laws.
Kerensky Replies.
The premier Replied:
I find it difficult to declare the Bol
shevikis outlaws; the attitude of the
government toward the present Bol-j
sheviki activities is known."
The premier explained that those
who had been released were on bail
and tha: any of them 'found participat
ing in new- offenses against peace
would be severely dealt with.
Numerous precautions have been
taken by Premier Kerensky to Uiwart
the threatened outbreak 'of the Bol
sheviki. The soldiers guarding the
government buildings have been re
placed by men from the officers' train
ing scho'ol.H. Small guards have been
placed at the embassies. The women's
battalion is drawn up in the square in
ffont of the winter palace. The com
mander on the northern front has in
formed the premier that his troops
are read to come to Petrograd to quell
a rebellion if necessary.
American Said to
Be Villa Captive
(By Review Leased Wire.)
JUAREZ, Mexico. Nov. 7. An Amer
ican passenger on the train which was
attacked by Villa followers and dyna
mited Sundav. was made Drisoner and
taken to the mountains, according tea!1""1 Ppured 8,ie"9 in, th T,llae- Tne
report received here late today. An I mud-spattered Canadians driving their
effort U lln mad. tnnil.t vorifv ! through the wreckage, cleared
the report. It was first reported by
passengers arriving on the train last
night that there were no American
a German boy who was robbed but
on the train, the only foreigner being
nA harmea.
It became known tonig'it that a
number of. government officials from
Torrnin were on the train when it
was attacked and all were Identified
and shot by the Villa men. One cus
toms house official was bringing a
quantity of silver coin to Juarez to
pay the customs official. He was
killed and his money seized.
.. ,
DIRECTOR OF STEEL.
JOHNSTOWN. Pp., Nov. 7. The ap-j
point men t of J. Leonard Replogle, pro-i
miiient steel manufacturer of Johns-
town, as director of steel supplies for
tne United States government and the
allies was announced here tonight.
At Last
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK. Nov. 7. Arthur
Wiiliains. city food nd'iiinistrator,
was nolififd today by Albert Ro
sen, owner of live retail storPs in
Brooklyn, that for the period of tint
war all meats and mnt products
would be t-oM to the public in his
establishments at wholesale costs,
which would only cost of labor and
pap-r. and not light, refrigeration
or rem.
ID AND SHELLS
FAIL TO STOP THE
Hun Is Driven Out of Pass
' chendaele by Canadians.
Stronghold Taken After the
Mcst Sanguinary Fighting
By English.
CANADIAN HEADQUARTERS IN
FRANCE, Nov. 7. (By The Canadian
Press, Limited.) Over Passchendaele
ridge, into the mud of the far-reaching
Roulers plain Canada has driven the
Hun.
Trtis afternoon the men of the
dominion are well established on the
crest wi.h Passchendaele village in
their bands and with it a good sized
semi-circie of captured ground. Our
wounded are coming down the line ex
hausted and covered with mud but jub
ilant. With them are coming German
prisoners, dazed from the terrific artil-
lery bombardment, worn out from their
experiences from the last few hours
and despondent at the loss of Passchen
daele but glad to be removed from a
winter campaign in the mud behind
Passchendaele. Eighteen officers and
nearly three hundred other ranks have
been taken prisoner by our men mak
ing a total since the beginning of the
operations on October 25th, of more
than thirty officers and nearly 900 non
commissioned officers and men. All
the prisoners agree that Passchen
daele ridge was i'j have been held, or,
if lost, recaptured, at all cos.s. They
all bear testimony to the deadly char
acter of our artillery barrage, testi
mony which is borne out by great
praise of our own infantry. Our ma
chine gun fire also was very destruc
tive. Team Work Perfect.
It was 6:02 o'clock in the morning
when our barriage lifted and ihe in
fantry went forward. From then till
7:30 o'clock the Canadian battalions.
advancing along the higher level un
der conditions bettor than any of those
in the previous attacks but plunging
none the less through territory which
was nothing more than land plowed by
our shells, moved steadily forward.
Our advance was rapid and so excel-
lently planned and our men followed
the barrage so closely that the con
crete dugouts were stomed In many in
stances before the enemy could come
into action.
BRITISH
TROOPS
Whole Company Lost. offering serious interference. Cn the
One prisoner reports hU whole ! greater portion of the remainder of the
company casualities, those who en-1 western front there have been only
doavnred to run 'irek be-Ve -our ad- small encounters in which the French
-aneing troops bWng cat'-h' in our obtained the advantage over the Ger
t irrar.t. while others weie either mans.
killed or taken prisoner Another. Gaza, on the Mediterranean coast in
prisoner declares that our barrage Palestine has been captured by the
was so perfect, his regiment suffered ' Brl.lsh and the column operating
'heaviest losses." Ordered to coun- j north of Beersheba has made an addi
ter attack, his battalion in this regi- tional advance of eleven miles,
ment advanced in extended order un-' Twelve British merchant vessels
til within striking distance but tiie j were sunk by mines or submarines last
losses were so enormous they were I week marks the minimum Jjsses for
ordered to retire. On the retreat they ' any week since Germany began her un
were mowed down by our machine" restricted campaign last February.
guns.
Passchendaele Ruined.
Passchendaele was a mass of ruins
from the destructive fire of "our heav
ies" which for days before the attack j
men out of deep cellars, the convent,
brewery, schools and churches with
bombs and the bayonet. Prolonged
and desperate hand to hand fighting.
might have been anticipated particu- j
mrij ill me iiiuiuuig at uitr ui c.ti
with its vaulted concrete cellars, and
at the windmill with its three foot I
thick concrete walls but the Hun made
only scattered resistance.
SWIMS COLDEN GATE.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 7 For the
nrst tjme n the swimming history of
tne ia-itio coas: a woman swam a
round trip course across the Golden
Gate today. She is Miss Hazel Cun-
nint;ham, an 18 year old nurse. Her.Jie see any of his fellow officers fire
time was one hour, thirty-five minutes
j and twenty-five seconds. The course! men. he said, were armed with rifle
teach way was seven-eighths of a mile. land "riot guns."
TilLlS E
STILL BEING
Cadorna's Forces Are Retreat
ing Slowly Across the Ven
etian Plain With Teutonic
Forces Closing in Behind.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
The Italian armies are continuing
their retreat westward over the Vene
tian plain from the Tagliamento river
and southward from the Doi'omites and
Carnic Alps regi'on toward the plain.
The retreat Is declared by the Italian
war office to be an orderly one with the
rear guards on both firing fronts hold
ing back the enemy and with airplanes
also playing an important part in bar
rassing the invaders, destroying bridg
es that have been thrown over the Tag-
"aento " bombing ti'oops trying :o
Although the Berlin official commun
ication asserts that the Germans have
reached the Livenza river on the Vene
tian plains, along which it had been ex
pected General Cadorna would fight a
retarding action, it is believed this is
only the center and that the greater
portion of General von Below's forces
still are negotiating a passage of the
Tagliamento or working its way west
ward over the flat country.
Where Is Marne?
There has been no indication as to
where the line of Italians retreating
from the hills southward has reached.
Nor is there any information concern
ing where eGnenl Cadorna, reinforced
by the British and French will make
his stand, but the belief still prevails
that the Piave river will be chosen for
this purptse.
That aid by the allies is required
and is no uns:inted measure has been
asserted in semi-official Quarters in
Rome. The Teutons are declared to
have staked everything on their at
tempt to crush Italy and the allies
must rush up assistance with the ut
most speed if Cadorna is to check :h
enemy. .
Interallied Conference.
Of great signifance to the Italian sit
uation and to that of the allies gener
ally is the announced arrival in a Brit
ish port of the American representa
tives to the interallied conference
which which is t'J discuss and lay
plans for the successful carrying on of
the war. Colonel E. M. House, long
I known as President Wilson's connden-
j Ua, a(,viser heads te misf ,on
On none of the other fronts have
there been any engagements of great
importance. The Canadians are hold
ing their gains of Tuesday before
I Pasichendaele witlAmt the Germans
Shooting of the
Houston Police
Toldln Court
(By Review Leased Wire.)
SAN ANTONIO. Texas. Nor.
The fata, shootins of threl Houston
. , ,he a(tack of BefT9 ot
i the Twenty-fourth (infantry in that
witnesses at the court martial trial to-
! day of the 63 negroe charged with
mutiny, murder and rioting here. Two
witnesses told of seeing the police
and nesro soldiers exchange shots.
Only one negro was killed during this
fusillade, according to the testimony
W. H. Lone, one of six policemen
sent to the San Felipe district on the
nieht of the riot, said he was arme.1
with a "six shooter." but that he di.l
not fire on the soldiers. Neither dl.I
'on them, be testified. Severs! polio
PUSHED INTO
NORTH PLAIN THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW," THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 8, 1917.
TWO
Warren District's
Operators A ddress
Letter to
Ibmployes
TO OUR EMPLOYEES: Over our protest the President's
Mediation Commission has issued the following order gov
erning our relations with our employees during the period of
the war, ' to which the appended replies were made:
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR v
Office of the Secretary
. WASHINGTON
Bisbee, Arizona, November 6, 1917.
To (1. H. Dowell, General Manager,
Phelps Dodge Corporation, Copper Queen Branch,
Mine and Smelter Departments.
W. B. Gohring, Superintendent, Mine Department,
Calumet & Arizona Mining Company.
Harry Clark, Superintendent, Smelter Department,
Calumet & Arizona Mining Company.
Arthur Houle, Superintendent,
Shattuck Arizona Copper Company.
Gentlemen:
The country must have the maximum unintenupted output of
copper from this district during the period of the war. No griev
ances on the part of the men, whether well-founded or imaginary,
must be allowed to result in stoppage of production. Practicable
machinery must be devised for the adjustment of grievances,
whether real or imaginary, tojjrevent interruption cf production.
With full confidence that men of all classes are willing to make
the necessary sacrifices, the President's Mediation Commission," in
the name of the President of the United States and by virtue of
authority vested in it bv him, directs that the following plan for
the adjustment of future grievances as they arise be put into imme
diate operation. In presenting this plan it is not the purpose of
the Commission cither to encourage or discourage trades unions.
That is a matter that must be left to the judgment of the workers
themselves.
First: No man shall be refused employment or be discharged
or discriminated against in his work because he does or does not
belong to a- union.
Second: Grievance committees representing the employees,
selected from men actually in the employ of the companies and bv
such methods as the employees themselves may agree upon, shall
be recognized by the management in the presentation of such griev
ances as may from time to time arise; provided, that in selecting
committees all men shall be notified and have an opportunity to
vote, "and no one shall be eligible to membership on a committee
who has ret Keen in the employ of the company for at least six
months next preceding his selection.'
Third: If the grievance committee and the management are
unable mutually to adjust any difference in dispute, the same shall
be submitted to a L'fiited States Administrator, whose decision shall
be final and binding on both parties. There shall be two alternate
Administrators, who shall act whenever from any cause the Admin
istrator is unable to act. The Administrator hereby appointed is
Hvwel Davies, and the alternates are Joseph's. Myers and Judge
George Y. Musser. When any vacancy occurs in these positions
the same shall be filled by the Secretary of Labor, with the ap
proval of the Council of National Defense. In all cases of indi
vidual grievances, the Administrator shall render his decision with
in five days after the case is submitted to him, and in all grievances
Friday Specials
Friday is economy day at the "FAIR." ' A time when your
dollars have added prestige on account of price reductions on
needed articles for the Home.
Thrifty shoppers will profit by taking advantage of these
Friday Specials.
1
Lace Curtains that are
regular 75c sellers, re
duced for Friday Spe
cial to per pair ...
49c
Lace Curtains in white
and Egyptian, regular
$1 values; Friday Spe
cial, per pair
Regular $1.50 Lace Cur
tains and good values
at that! reduced for Fri
day Special to per
pair 4,..
Turkish Towels 18x32
inches size, regular 15c
value, Friday Special at
eath '
69c
89c
10c
Regular 50c Turkish
Towels 22 x 45 inches
size, an excellent Towel
Friday Special
Turkish Towels in reg
ular 75c quality, 24 x 48
inches size: Friday for
each .. .. '
Huck Towels In 16 x 34
inches size (these are
seconds and wear just
as well) 20c value Fri
day Special, each....
32c
50c
10c
1
I
Friday Specials
From The Annex
Wooden Rolling Pins with black handle, regu- -t q
lar 34c; Friday Special at, each IOC
Another. number in Rolling Pins, a tegular 29c
seller; Friday Special at, each
Round Wooden Meat Boards, something uu
always need, worth regular 2x; Friday Special -J
for, each JLJ.L,
13c
of a general character, the Administrator shall render his decision
within thirty days after the case is submitted to him.
Fourth: When any dispute affecting a workman is submitted
to the Administrator for decision, such workman may have his case
presented by a representative of his own choosing.
Fifth: The machinery provided in this order will take the
place of strikes and lockouts during the period of the war, and no
other method for regulating relations between the companies and
employees shall be substituted except by mutual agreement
The prompt acceptance by you of fhe plan herein directed
would be highly appreciated by the Commission, which desires to
take this opportunity of thanking you for the cordial spirit of co
operation you have shown in our work.
THE PRESIDENTS MEDIATION COMMISSION,
If. B. WILSON, Chairman.
J. L. SPANGLER,
E. P. MARSH,
J. H. WALKER,
FELIX FRANKFURTER, Secy.
PHELPS DODGE CORPORATION
COPPER QUEEN BRANCH
Mixes: Bisbee, Arizona
November 6, 19 17.
The President's Mediation Commission,
. Bisbee, Arizona.
Gentlemen : I have received your communication of this date
directing this Company to put into immediate operation the plan
therein outlined for settlement of possible future grievances between
the Company and its employees during the remaining period of the
war. As stated to you yesterday, it is our conviction that the adop
tion of any such plan in this district is unnecessary in view of exist
ing conditions and this action is contrary to our best judgment.
But, since we have no alternative in the matter, we shall endeavor
to carry out your orders in spirit as well as in letter to the end that
copper production by this Company shall not be curtailed.
1 ours respectfully,
PHELPS DODGE CORPORATION,
Copper Queen Branch.
' (Signed) G. HT DOWELL, Manager.
CALUMET & ARIZONA MINING CO.
Warren, Arizona, November 6, 191 7.
To the President's Mediation Commission,
Hon. W. B. Wilson, Chairman.
Gentlemen: I beg leave to acknowledge receipt of your direc
tions of November 6th, providing for the adjustment of future
grievances that may arise between ourselves and our employees.
While we protest that conditions here do not necessitate the
appointmjnt of a Federal Administrator and maintain that the most
harmonious relations exist between ourselves and our employees,
we recognize this as an official governmental order, an emergency
war time measure and assure you that we will carry out its provis
ions to the best of our ability. j
We consider, in view of our protest, that the Government as- j
sumes responsibility for the successful continuation of our opera
tions during the life of this agreement we promise our utmost co
operation. ' We wish to express our appreciation of the courteous treat
ment shown us during the negotiations and assure you of our sin
cere wish that your important mission may meet with the utmost
success.
Yours very truly,
HARR Y A. CLARK, Superintendent of Smelter.
W. B. GOHRING, Superintendent of Mines.
For the CALUMET & ARIZONA MINING COMPANY,
November 6, 191 7.
The President's Mediation Commission,
Bisbee, Arizona.
The Shattuck-Arizona Copper Company acknowledges receipt
of the plan proposed by the President's Mediation Commission for
the adjustment of real or imaginary labor grievances, so that the
PRESIDENT PROCLAIMS DAY
FOR THANKSGIVING; GREAT
IS OPPORTUNITY Of
I
NATION
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7. President
Wlls'JD issued tonight his 1917 Thanks
giving proclamation calling upon the
nation, even in the midst of the sorrow
and great peril of a world shaken by
war, to thank God for blessings that
are better than mere peace of mind
and prosperity of enterprise.
The proclamation, fixing Thursday,
November 29 as Thanksgiving day fol
lows: -Thanksgiving. 1917.
By the president jf the United
Sta.es of America:
"A proclamation.
"It has long been the honored cus
tom of our people to turn In the fruit
ful autumn of the year in praise and
thanksgiving to Almighty God for His
many blessings and mercies to us as a
new vigor of common counsel and com
mon actijn has been revealed in us.
We should especially thank God that in
such circumstances, in the midst of
the greatest enterprise, the spirits of
men have ever entered upon, we have,
if we but observe a reasonable and
practicable economy, abundance with
which to supply the needs of those as
sociated with us as well as our own.
A new light shines about us. The
great duties of a day awaken a new
and greater national spirit in us. We
shall never again be divided or w'jnder
what stuff we are made of.
1 Asks Peace For World.
"And while we render thanks for
these things let us pray Almighty God
that in all humbleness of spirit wej
may look always to Him for guidance;
.hat by His grace our minas may be
" J.B. 1
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
nation. That custom we can follow aireciea ana our nanas sirengtnenea,
n'jw even in the midst of the tragedy of j and nt in His good time liberty nd se-
a world shaken by war and nmnieasur
able disaster, in the midst of sorrow
and great peril, because even amidst
the darkness that has gathered about
us, we can see the great blessings God
has bestowed upon us, blessings that
curity and peace and the comradeship
of a common justice may be ' vouch
safed all the nat.'jns of the earth.
"Wherefore, I. Woodrow Wilson,
president of the United States of
America, do hereby designate Thurs-
are better than mere peace of mlncrj day, the twenty -ninth day of Novem
and prosper! :y of enterprise. 1 ber, next, as a day of Thanksgiving and
Serving Mankind. ' prayer and invite the people ihruogh-
"We have been given the opportunl-! out tne Ianl cease upon that day
ty to serve mankind as we once served ' rom lDeir ordinary occupations and
ourselves in the great day of our Dec-' ln their several homes and places of
laration of Independence by taking up worship to render thanks to God, the
arms against a tyranny that threaten- sreat ruler of nations,
ed I'j master and debase men every- "In witness whereof, I have hereunto
where and Joining wita other free peo- set my hand and caused the seal of the
pies in demanding for all the nations United States to be affixed,
of the world what we then demanded "Done in the District of Columbia
and obtained for ourselves. In this this seventh day of November in the
day of the revelation of our duty not year of our Lord, one thousand nine
only to defend our own rights as a na- hundred and seventeen and 'of the in
tion but fj defend also the rights of depednence of the United States. the
free men throughout the world, there one hundred and forty-second,
has been vouchsafed us in full and in- , "WOODROW WILSON,
spiring measure the resolution and -(By the President)
spirit of united action. We have been "ROBERT LANSING, Secretary of
brought to one mind and purpose. A State."
!fLET
US
ram
HERS INVESTIGATION
TO BE LICENSED
BY GOVERNMENT
OCHARGESOON
help you plan your
house. Make you draw
ings of it and help you
in any way we can. We
have a regular architect
in connection who will
do this for you.
The best of material
and the best of service.
Gibson-Hines
Lumber Co
J.W.F. Smith. M$r. Phone 11
J
TO BE PERFECTED
1
President Wilson and Food Fuel Administrator to Launch
Administrator Expected to 1 Probe to Determine Wheth-
Issue Rules Standardizing
Loaves in Weight and Con-1
tent ';
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
er or Not the Operators and
Dealers Are Obeying Regu
lations. 1
(By. Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7. An Imme-i
!
(By Review Leased Wire.) I
WASHINGTON. Nov. 7. An attempt '
to reduce- bread prices will be the diate investigation of charges that
j next move of the food administration J coal operators and dealers are not
in assuming control of the principal carrying ou the orders of the fuel ad
rood commodities. At the request of : ministration fixing prices and govern
Administrator Hoover, President Wil-ing distribution will be begun by the
son will issue within a few days an department of justice,
order directing that every baker in! Orders have been prepared direet-
. the country be required to do business 'in. all federal district attorneys to
production of copper may be maintained at its maximum for the under federal license. Regulations study the fuel administration's regu
period of the war. j governing the baking industry havejations and to see that they are en-
i- .11 1 - .1 1 1 hi 1 . . ,been drawn up and will.be put into forced The directions will call for a
As d.rected by the Commission, the plan .shall be put into op loperation a8 soon the exective or. , 8;rting ofCCh"r8es aDy prose-
eration and every effort shall be made by the management of thejder l. issued. They will provide a cutlons wherevpr it appears that-the
Shattuck-Arizona Copper Company to co-operate w ith the Commis-;stnadardized ,oaf of probably twoBizes iaw gas been Violated. Seizures of
sion and ohtain the desired. results and Btandardizion ot tne hr?ad coal from trains by Ohio mayors and
sion ana obtain tne ucstred. results. . tenf A bread tormulfk has been m be lpft tfce fuel a(J
I he bhattuck-AriZona topper-Company docs not assume re-jiected and bakers will be permitted to ministration announced tonight, to the
I sponsibility for the successful outcome of the plan of the President's !use other. Ohio state fuel administration for ac-
Mediation Commission, except as concerns its ow n part to this agree- i r" ton"ni , . ,ion- In a 'aent issued earner m
r 11,6 new war bread will contain a the day. Fuel Administrator Garfield
mcnt. ' ' .reduced amount or fats, as both the characterized this sort of confiscation
We trust that the Commission may be able to obtain the loyal. lard and milk content will be cut as -wholesale robbery.'"
and natrinrir rrwinerarinn of thr pmnlnvcN nf rrile rnmnanv. snidown considerably. It probably will
, r. . r, , . . . . r , . ; be produced in 20-ounce and 10-ounce
mar tne proposcu pian may dc carneu out to a succcssiui conclusion, j loaves. No price" will be fixed 011
1 I ours very truly, right, but the regulations will pre-
.... SHA1TUCK-ARIZOXA COPPER COMPANY, !s,ribe ,hat on 'ea9nable p"a ".ay
nritiTn until t- c i be charged. Consumers' committees -
AK I HUR HOLLL, Superintendent. have reportetl to the administration
fir 1 j . . t tr ' 1 that in most places loaves of this size .
We protested to the end against the imposition of official reg-jcan be gold al 10 and 6 cent9 tespec.
ulations on our relations with our employees, which relations we he-jtive.iy.
lieve to he satisfactory and hased on iustire and fairness. The I' 'f
plan imposed by the Commission is a Presidential order and is not
an agreement between ourselves and any labor organization.
"The Commission in its formal directions explains its attitude ierperts are now working out formu
on unions. The Commission stated that it was not its purpose to
. -t 1 .1 1 1 j
prov iuc tor union recognition ur uo&cu nou anu uenicu any re- "AMERICA" TO BE SOLO.
sponsibility for or connection w ith the recent attempt to organize a
union in this camp.
The policy of these companies as to the open shop is unchanged
by this order and w ill continue as heretofore.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
i Patronage
PHONE 58
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
Telephone 446
A Phone Call Will Bring Us.
LOS ANGELES JUNK SHOP
Highest Cash Prices Paid For
Metals. Rubber, Rags, Sacks, Bottles,
Bones. Iron, Hides. Pelts, etc
HOROWITZ BROTHERS, Proprieters
.Lowell, Arizona.
I Big Conference
Of Allies About
to Be Launched
(Continued From PageOne.)
BOSTON, Nov. 7. Ow ners of the old
j racing schooner America cabled Sir
I Thomas Lipton today that they would
V U,... r.n;c. ; :n sell the vessel to him provided it was
, r . , ,. , . . , 'I maintained as a yacht or marine mus-
deavor to carry out the plan as directed by it and we now request eum Tne message was an answer to
the loyal co-operation of our employees in carrying out its provis- "an offer o buy the tamous racer made
toy sir 1 nomas a snort time ago.
ions.
Signed by
PH1XPS DODGE; CORPORATION,
Copper' Queen Branch,
G. H. DOWKLL, Manager
CALUMET & ARIZONA MINING CO., .
W. B. GOHRING, Superintendent of Mines.ha
SHATTUCK-ARIZONA COPPER CO., Vl
believed likely that before
imany months bakers may be re- wise. No hint or what that opinion
j quired to add a certain amount of 9. however, has been permitted to
icorn flour in baking bread. Dietetic leak out.
Other Commissions.
las containing whut flour substitutes. Secretary Lansing s tomal expiana
. tion or the purposes of fhe conference
coincides with the brief announce
ments already made by the French
(By Review LeasetJ Wire.) Hni British premiers. While the per
sonnel 01 ine missions 10 ne sent nr
the other belligerents is not known as
yet. it is clearly indicated that thoy
will be of equal Importance and will
include the military ch'efs of errh
power as well as' th- chiefs of the
various civilian agencies created for
the prosecution of the war.
Most of the results of the confer
ence probably will be discloed orly
in-events on the battle fronts T.'ieie
may not be apparent soj-i. for It taxes
time to put In motion so vast a roe
chdr,sm as H ronlemilaiMl.
BOLSHEVIKI IN POWER.
(I!y. Review Leased Wire.)
LONDON. Nov. 7. At a meeting In
Petrograd on Saturday, as reported In
an Exchange Telegraph dispatch from
that city, representatives of the whole Out in Kansas an aviator is said to
rograd garrison passed under the have collided with a cow. Shocking!
Euluatice and tniiucnce 01 the Holes-mud a yarn to tome irom a iiroinui-
AR1UUR HOULE, Superintendent, hevlkl (the radical pacifist group). it km state. 4
GUARD YOUR
HEALTH!
1
t
Use Pasteurized Cream and Milk
At Your Grocer.
The Pure Milk Depot,
Johnson Bldg. Main St
J
CHICHESTER S PILlS
l( fLvl kl-kw-lrIMaa4Tira4S
iCLJC'v MM K' ' M u..lcV
I' ' - HF Dr., feu AX-Tdll-4tn.sk.TTXV
vt a
1IAVIIM II1ANU Pll.Lk.fr U
,ft.owi.ktlct.Sfit A!v RmMa
SCIO ?Y DRS G0I5TS FWBKRf
WaTKLNS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
I
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING QUICK RESULTS THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 8, 1917.
THREE
i
! will be shown at the Kagle theatre
today. This new Trinngle play in the
work of J. O. Hawks ami is produced
under the supervision of Thomas If.
Ince.
i The story deals with the adventures
of Ray ISourke. a young American who
is stranded in Belgium at the begia-
! ning of the war. In an inn he meets
'SOMETIME THIS MONTH
LAST CONTINGENT
FOR SOMEWHERE
LITTLE CHANGE SEEN
IN CARRIERS' WORK
FOR BIG CASH PRIZE
except ior tne fact that Abe Milburn; the Countess Olga Raminoff, who Is A 4ViVm Hv IWn Receiver!
has taken time by the forelock and in tne Russian secret service." She. in!AaV1CeS " . xveteivcu
rrom Washington 1 hat Last
Contingent Will Leave This
Month.
aavancea to seventh place, there has, a moniPnt of frenzy, shoots and I
been no change In the relative posi-j wounn-9 a German' general, and RourkeJ
lions of the contestants In the Review
Carriers' Circulation Contest from the
count of yesterday morning. How
ever, Hubert DetloiT, Richard Ojeda,
Maurice Rugraff and Frank Lindsey
have added to their total of points.
Following is the standing:
Hubert Detloff C1.625
Frank Lindsey 46.000
Maurice Rugraff .14,000
Richard Sharpe ..A 24,000
Kenneth Mort 21.000
Herbert Perry ..1G.500
Abe Miiburn 16.250
Earl Hicks 13,750
Eugene Gallagher 14.125
Bud Hascal 12.250
Gordon Wallace 10.750
Maurice Kelly 10,000
Richard Ojeda 10.750
William Riley 8.750
Walter Steele 7.000
William Brookinge 2,000
in trying to aid her is seized also. As
they are led ont to be shot a Belgian
aeroplane sweeps down on the village
and. dropping bombs, puts the Ger-
imans to flight, as they know that the
French are coming in force.
Baurke and the countess make their
escaped and after some time meet In
America. Many realistic battle scenes
are shown as well as the German in
vasion of Belgium. Among those prom
inent in the large cast are Robert Mc
Kim. Wallace Wcrsley and Charles
French. Reginald Barker was the director.
"PAWS OF THE BEAR"
AT THE EAGLE TODAY
"INTOLERANCE" YET
REMAINS BIGGEST
LESSON OF MOVIES
ID. W. Griffith's Masterpiece
Will Appear A?ain This
Afternoon and Evening at
. -Paws of the Bear," "in which Wil
liam Desmond will be seen as star,
Closing Out Odds and
Ends in
TROUSERS
$5 and $6 Values
$2.50
CARO & CO.,
20 Brewery Gulch.
The final fifteen per cent of the first
contingent of men drafted for the na
tional army will be called to the train
ing camps some time in November.
This information, which is of extre
me Interest to many people in Arizona,
as well as all over the c'ountry. and
concerning which there have been
scores of inquiries during the past few
weeks, was received by Colonel Fred
S. Breen at the state house in a tele
gram from Provost Marshal General
Crowder at Washington.
Although no definite date for the call
for these last men of the first contin
gent was set in the telegram received,
nevertheless the information that such
a call w'juld be issued was reasonably
accurate and probably will be followed
in a few days by the official order call
ing the final fifteen per cent to the col
ors. Camps Now Ready.
The delay in the issuing of the call
for the last of this contingent was ex
plained in the telegram to Colonel
JUDGE R.S.MTLAY
DIES SUDDENLY
JN DOUGLAS
Was An Early Settler in Coun
ty and State. Filled Many
Offices With Credit. Leaves
Wife and Daughter.
r
THE
Cakes mixed with this
Baking Powder can be
successfully baked
while a Fox Trot is be
ing danced around the
stove. 25c a pound.
Crescent
Double Acting Baking Powder.
(B-58)
Breen hv reason of the unnrenaredness
the Orpheum. Is a Classic . of s'jme of the cantonments to care for
f If If A tne nien- However, the camps now
or its rvina. are ready and tne can niay De expect-
, ed in a short time.
; Following is the telegram:
For the different backgrounds and . .Th. rioiw.r,- f ha iir.r Mntin.pnf
scenic reproductons of historic places of tne nationai army has been delayed
such as Babylon, Jerusalem. Paris and unduIy because certain cantonments
a modern city with its complex envl-; were not in a posiljon t0 receive that
ronment. D. W. Griffith, in his new ; contingent, but it is now expected that
colossal spectacle "Intolerance'which ; it can be completed during November."
plays again this afternoon and even-, one hundred and tw'j men to com
ing at the Orpheum, used 1,000,000 , piete this final call have been examin
feet of lumber, five miles of steel guyed and certified as eligible for the na
ropes, trainloads of cement and 1124 tional army, therefore there will be
tons of statuary. Some idea of the! little delay when the call does come,
magnitude of the Babylonian episode, These men already have received no-
which represents but one-fourth of the
spectacle, may be gained by the "state
ment that in his reconstruction of that
ancient world metropolis, Babylon,
:Mr. Griffith depicts the architectural
I wonders of this magnificent city, its
! walls 200 feet high, its famous palaces
and temples in all their awe-inspiring
tification to be ready to entrain upon
twenty-four hours' notice.
Whether this final fifceen per cent of
Cochise county's first contingent will
be sent to Camp Funston tr to Camp
Kearney in California has not been
stated. As many Arizona men already
have been transferred from the Fort
I grandeur. For the thrillingly realistic' Riley, Kansas cantonment to the camp
combat of the forces of Belshazzar.j at Linda vista, California, it is prob
and the great Cyrus, who sought to, able that this last contingent wjll be
conquer uaqvion, Mr. uritnm maae '"f
-r nnn i.i:ttij...i. An.A
use Ol QJ,UUV IllULtlUUOIS, It gl COICI
rangements to give1 them a royal send
The men will be mobilized at Tomb-
number of people than history recora8p-uc -" "-j
took oart in the original conflict.
! Xo less than 600 of the most eml-0ff-
ncnt authorities upon the histories of
- i
he different countries revealed in the
spectacle were diligently searched
ALIEN ENEMY CAPTURED.
NEW ORLEANS. ' Nov. 7. Hed-
REVIEW WANT ACS
BRING RESULTS.
j and annotated in order to give accura I wig Kanlke, who escaped from an
ey to each period and to lend intimata' ene:ny detention camp at Fort Mcln
detail to the effetciveness of each :osh. near San Antonio, Tex- and was
; scene. 1 arrested here this week after bis arriv-
"Intolerance" is the greatest lesson al from Mexico City, will be taken back
ever transmitted to the screen. It nn' to FdVt Mcintosh. Federal authorities
never again come to Hisbee and i:s paid today they had traced the man to
last two appearances are today. Mexico after his escape and that he
jcaiiij back to the United States after
MARSHALL IN NORTH. (conferring with Germany officials in
. , the Mexican capital. Hantke came to
(By Review Leased Wire.) j this country soon after war was declar-
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 7. Vice jed and for a time worked in New Jer
President and Mrs. Thomas R. Mar- sey. Later he appeared in several
' shall arrived here today. Mr. Marshall i states under assumed names and was
jaddressed the F'jrtland Ad Club mem- arrested in Texas and interned. He
i bers at luncheon. j escaped last June.
ij ffi j! ,
w
WATER
HE A TING
BY
GAS
The process of heating water for domestic purposes has been rev
olutionized in the past few years through the introduction and
perfection of gas fired water heaters, until today it is no longer a
a problem to secure an abundance of hot water quickly and econo
mically, in any dwelling, large or smalL k
Today, in the countless thousands of homes where gas fired water healers are in
stalled, an abundance of hot water is available for any purpose. By some types of heat
ers the water is heated instantly at the turn of a faucet, by others, within a few min
utes after lighting the heaters, and all without labor, inconvenience or discomfort, ind
at a reasonable cost for gas.
LET US SHOW YOU
Bisbee Improvement Co.
Advices received here yesterday'
from Iouglas were to the effect that'
no arrangements had been made as yetj
for the funeral of Judge R. s. Maclay.j
who died suddenly in Mb court room'
on Tuesday afternoon. The funeral'
will not be held before Saturday and
possibly not until Sunday. It will bej
held under the suspires of the Elks'
when it is held. The judge had many '
friends in the Warren ' district who;
will regret to hear of his death. Thej
Douglas Dispatch of yesterday has the!
following account of his death:
'Judge Robert S. Maclay, one of the'
most prominent men of Douglas anl;
cne of the earliest settlers of thisj
stale, dropped dead in his court room I
at the police station a few minutes'
after 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon.
Apoplexy was given as the cause of!
death by .D. E. W. Adanison, who!
was summoned by those present. !
"Judge Maclay was in the midst of
hearing a case of alleged robbery
when he was stricken. James E. Boyle,
city attorney, was cross-examining a
witness when the judge rose from his
chair behind his deslr and said: 'Ex
cuse me for a minute, boys, I want
to get a drink.'- The, judge stepped
down from the rostrum and walked
around Mr. Boyle, who was sitting
near the desk. As1 the judge passed
the desk his knees seemed to weaken
and he sank to the floor, falling on
his face.
"Mr. Boyle and others ran to the
judge's assistance, thinking possibly
he had fainted. The stricken man was
laid on his back and artificial respira
tion applied, to the end that he opened i
his eyes and asked what had hap
pened. He was told he had fainted
and the men suggested that he would:
probably be all right in a few min
utes. The judge then said: 'Send for
my wife." This was the' last intelligl-j
ble remark he made.
Death Comes Quickly !
"Those present picked the judge up,
and carried him to a rear room of the;
city hall, where he was made as com-1
fortable as possible on a table. When'
Mrs. Maclay arrived it was believed!
the judge was not rational, as he did;
not appear to recognize "his wife. He;
passed away a few minutes after Mrs. 1
Maclay arrived.. 1
"Dr. Adamson, who arrived at the
city hall a few minutes before Mrs.
Maclay, stated as soon as he saw the
condition of the judge that there waff
no hope for bim, as he had had
a hemorrhage of the brain and death
was only a matter of a few minutes.
Here Many Year
"Robert Maclay was born at New
Alameda, Cal. His parents moved to
Arizona when the judge was a young
boy, and practically all of his life was
spent in this state. His early life was
spent in and around Globe. He lived
for a number of years at Tombstone
and also at" Willcox. Judge Maclay
was In Arizona during the Indian trou
bles, and was proud of telling of his
experiences in this state when Arizona
was truly "wild and wooly.'
"Judge Maclay married Miss Rosia
Lange at Willcox 21 years ago and,
they have one child. Viola, who is a
teacher in the public schools here. The
domestic life of Judge Maclay was an
ideal one; he and his wife had re
mained inseparable companions, and
the home life of the three, father,
mother and daughter, had always been
the closest comradeship.
Clerk Many Years
"During his early life Judge Maclay
did some mining and at one time con
tracted for some work at Tombstone
in the early days when Tombstone was
a big mining camp. He has spent most
cf his life around mining camps. He
was at one time employed as a clerk
at Bisbee, and later in 1914 he entered
1 the employ of the Copper Queen
I smelter as a timekeeper. . He
I also smelter clerk here.
"The judge resigned this position to
accept one of clerk for the board of
county supervisors. He held this posi
tion until he was elected justice of
the peace for Douglas precinct in 1911.
He was justice of the peace for two
terms, and before the election of Jus
tice of the'Peaoe D. T. Dunlap. Judge
Maclay was police justice, too. He'had
been police justice for four years.
Judge Maclay was also sealer of
weights and measures for the city of
Douglas.
Had Many Friends
"Of Judge R. S. Maclay it can be
i truly said his heritage . was friends.
His several positions brought him in
I touch with a great many people and
i all who knew him were glad to count
1 themselves his friend. He was an ex
cellent judge of human nature, which
made him a just jurist. He was a
member of the Elks and Woodman.
j The funeral arrangements have not
been made, though it Is believed they
, will be conducted by the local Elks."
Great
M
!AJESTIC Range
Demonstration and Sale at This Store
XT
November
12th to 17th
Inclusive
ill mrrjTi frrfll
Cooking
Demonstrations
Each
Afternoon and
Refreshments
Served
Program for
the Week Will
Be Published
Sunday
Professor Stark, the Cele
brated French Chef, will
be here during the entire
week and his instructive
and entertaining lectures
are well worth your time.
Vlv L. 7- i
Additional Qty Briefs
LAND SUIT
Suit to revok the patent of Charles
Hearn in the San Simon valley was
begun by Assistant United States Dis
trict Attorney Bryan in the federal Funston, Kansas, and visit his son.;
court at Tucson. It is alleged by the , Dorris Conger, who is in training at I
government that the defendant never I (hat point. i
at the Briggs, leaves this morning for ' and a smoker for the men will be held
New Yotk city, where he will visit at the Country Club Friday evening. A
his brother, whom he has not seen In 'grand ball will close the convention,
over 20 years. The eastern man is! Saturday night
credit manager for the Edward Mc-; .
Connel company. Importers. On his.
return trip Conger will stop at Camp!
KERENSKY CHEERED.
lived on the place, which is a home
stead, and that the final proof is insufficient.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PETROGRAD, Nov. f At this af-
ternoon's session of the preliminary
i parliament Premier Kerensky. refer
: ring to the Maximalist attempt to seize
the j power and provoke civil war, said
from the "right ajid
TO ATTEND CONVENTION
Bisbee will be represented at
State Bankers' Association that meets i amid applause
in Tucson on Friday and Saturday 'of; center and part of the left:
this week. A representative of each ! "The people who dare raise their
bank w ill in all probability be present hands against the will of the Rus-
but just who w ill go has not been de-1 sian people are at the same time
FROM FT. HUACHUCA
William R. Shadley and wife were in
the city yesterday from their home at
Ft. Huachuca where Mr. Shadley has
charge 'jf the ice mak.ng plant for the cide(! by the local bank8 Between sev-! threatening to open the front to Ger
government. Mr. Shadley reports the enty.five aild one hundred delegates ! many
post as being quiet at the present time are expected to a.tend the convention. J
ana mai coi. iaoeii. wno uas cnarge oi Oovernor Campbeu, Dr. Von Klein
the post is at present at San Antonio , gnlid j B McCarger. vice president of
f o U I n o nort In t ha rniirt mart iul nf lha " . .. . '
colored soldiers of the 24th infantry.
MAKE GOOD SHOWING
The Leroy and Gold Ridge com
panies are also doing an unusually
large amount of development work on
their properties near Dos Cabezas.
Both of these companies have large
wa9l bodies of ore ready for shipment as
soon as they can obtain cars to movej
it. Dos Cabezas is rapidly becoming
an active mining camp.
FURTHER ARREST !
tu IX) le, a local uaruer wno nas
been in the justice courts before, was
placed under arrest late yesterday aft
ernoon In connection with the attempt
to hold up the Slag Dump garage on
Sunday night. It is understood that
one of the other parties in the con-j
femplated robbery has made a con-
fession which Implicates Doyle. Doyle
lives in Dubacher Canyon. Further
developments will be made today.
j of the Crocker National bank of San
Franc iso : former tiovernor iee cruce
of Oklahoma: James McNary, presi
dent of the First National bank of El
Paso, and Jude Ramsey, El Paso rep-
REVIEW
BRING
WANT ADS
RESULTS.
LADIES CAN WEAR SHOES
a ias mulier after tula Aliens FooT-Fmh,
Ui tnUseptic powder for tlx fnC Phakca Into
il-K'iuiinc ui inn it-ufitti rraciie uuu ' rxX-EiM nntii tight or feci mr j
of Dallas, will be among the speakers.
A dinner w ill be given the delegates at
the Old Pueblo club Friday morning.
n.tkj tirl
jKr InrtAnt rriW cum fti4 butiMiti. trota
Rwim, I alloiM and ore Kpou. It' tti irrni
eomfoft d'wovvrv of tho ac. Try at Aa-Arvk
bold emwbrw.'jv. F FHEB rnnl patuyn,
Adiioa, Alkii s. CUnattd, Lt Iluj, V Y.
I
i
i
Canton, O., Is stirred over the dis
appearance of a candidate for mayor.
The strange feature of the case Is that
he disappeared before the election.
MANY RECRUITS
During the past week more than 100
recruits have arrived In Douglas fromi
"somewhere in the United States" forj
assignment to the army regiments;
here. It Is estimated that the number!
of troops now In Douglas is between j
4000 and 5000, about as many as havej
been here during the last five years. I
except when the national guards of I
the country' were on the border. !
in I iff. ?
its I i rj si iui m atiuw iuu
iWtjiv' V27 Don't throw away another worntlr until yo
.V V K' J CJ ' Hall-Soar. II you arc paying trw tlr t
Wvw j7 7 errtrd and w are ready to thow you how to
Wb-j- ,'" p-jotei a ixg part of tr con ol rww tirriand get
irirC tan you have ever had be lore. We luarartre It
r . A at . MA AAA A A mm A I
Yoa Can Get 5.CC9 to 10.000 More Utiles
out of them by using Gates'Half-Sole Tires.
Ws will put them on for you and change your oU tires
into new ones at about one-half the price you .would
have to pay for new tires. . m
Your tire comes into our pUn worn and scarred
.from service, and we deliver it back to you the same
tire made oversize and with a brand-new non-skid
tread of fresh rubber. . Not a.square Inch of your old
tire will be in sight, and you willnot be able to Jell it,
from a new tire. v "
GATESTIQES
Are absolutely guaranteed for 1.500 mile of wear wtthovt
riiictr and many users are averaging from (.C00 to 10 OVO mikra.
ou cannot get thia kind ol guaranteed aervlce from any tire on the
market without paying two or three times the tost of a Gates
have investigated
bill you will he m-
kerr in your own
or tier tire tervkc
LOWELL MOTOR CO.
LEAVES FOR THE EAST
Oeorge D. Conger, Sulpber Springs
valley farmer and recently employed'
r f
v
Kim mt FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 8, 1917.
Puplished Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Member of the Associated Press The Associated
Press la exclusively entitled to the use for republication
of all news credited to it or not otherwise credited In
this paper and also the local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
arc also reserved. '
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Fntervd as 8cond Class Malt Matter at Blsbes, Arizona,
Under Act of March" 8. 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
tER MONTH 1-75
THREE MONTHS : 2-25
IX MONTHS 4-00
TWELVE MONTHS 7-6"
OUNDA (Our Weekly) per year S-50
TVPAT Our Weekly) per quarter .75
lo Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
PHONE NO. 39
Review subscrloers not recslvlng a copy of The Bisbrs
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messsnoer by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will con
sider It a favor if the Irregularity of delivery Is reported
to the Circulation Department. .The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only. ,
Thursday Morning, November 8, 1917.
From a Union Standpoint
President Wilson's industrial commission has come
and gone. No one who knows doubts that if it leaned at
all towards either side in the controversy between capi
tal and union labor that it leaned towards labor. And
yet after a week in the district, during which time It
worked hard (no philandering or loafing about his com
mission) its decision, conclusion and ultimatum were all
satisfactory to the district as a whole. If the I. W. W.
and their friends and supporters and the more radical
elements of union labor can gain any comfort from the
commission's findings and rulings they are welcome to
them.
This camp was neither unionor non-union when the
commission came, and it has not changed since its de
parture. Both union and non-union men are welcome and
both are sure of the same fair treatment.. It is an open
camp for all Americans who want to work at the highest
wages and. under the best conditions that swevail in this
country. The agreement insisted upon by the commis
sion was, if anything, favorable to the workingman, but
the district accepts it in the same patriotic spirit that it
has accepted everything that has to do with the war.
The main tiling is, right now, not the rights of the opera
tor or the rights of the workmen, but the needs of the
country while at war. The government wants copper,
and Bisbee, as in the past, will do all she possibly can
to keep her production at the maximum quantity.
The commission came weBt to try to speed up the pro
duction of all things the government needs most and to
start the wheels moving again in camps where strikes
were on or threatened. Friendly to labor, it has been
for the government and the necessities of the nation
first and above all things. Its stay here was most pleas
ant. Its members-worked hard and impressed all with
their seriousness and patriotism and ability. They weut
deeply into every phase of ttie labor troubles in this dis
trict and decided to let the dead past bury Its dead. It
was the future in which these gentlemen were most in
terested. The future copper output. Their fiat and de
cree was industrial peace here during the period of the
war. That's what Bisbee wants. That's what her work
ers want. That's what the agitators and hangers-on and
radicals and loafers and orators do not want.
So it is that Bisbee feels pretty good over the visit
of the commission.
And all western miners should also feel pretty gool
over the situation. They certainly had a friendly com
mission and one that sought good wages and good con
ditions for them. And, iiaving gained these, insisted that
they should do their part by doing their bit for their
country until Germany is beaten.
There was never the slightest cause for a 6trikA in
Bisbee. No cause existj now. Hence the drastic action
of Bisbee citizens in dealing with the enemies of ciry
and country who started the strike last June. Hence
the determination of the community as a whole to pra
vent the firebrands and bums and soapbox shouters from
holding forth here at this time.
Thus endeth the whole matter. The camp came out
of it In fine shape. Let every one put his shoulder to
the wheel and push for the Warren district. We nesd
houses and we need better roads and we need skilled
workmen and we need peare and amity within, the bet
ter to wage war against our enemies from without.
Tills story from Wales shows something of the feel
ing of the people of the British Isles towards the Huns:
A caller at a Welsh cottage saw a merry-eyed, red
cheeked boy and asked him when he was going. "Next
Monday," replied the Tad. The caller wished him lurk.
Instantly the merriment left his eyes and a wild, fierce
glare took its place. Through tightened lips he said:
"If God will let me kill ten Germans, two for each of
my brothers, I don't care what will happen to me. afterwards."
IT'S THE FRENCHMAN'S YARD.
Arizona Gazette: American soldiers in Efcrcpe are
going to encounter a lot or difficulties that havs nothing
ti do with the shells and bayonets of the front. '1'l.ose
difficulties will be due to the differences in temperament
of the American and his brothers In arms, the British
,nd French soldiers
Arthur Guy 2mpe. an American who has been a ma
chine gunner with 'he- British armv for more than a
year, and who Is tho tut'ior of "Over the Top," one of
the most popular war book so far, gives some good ad
vice to Americans headed for Franco
He says: "The French are looking to the Americans
as the saviors of their cause, and the Americans- must be
careful to preserve that sentiment. The French are tem
peramental. If a Frenchman kisses an American soldier,
the American mustn't poke him in the chin; he must kit?
him back. And the French are the American must. jus',
remember this exceedingly polite. You must never pjke
fun at a Frenchman; that is a mortal insult. And the
American must remember that the careful French po
liteness does not mean that the Frenchman is afraid
of anything in the world. Why, a Frenchman will apol
ogize to a German whea'he sticks his bayonet into him'
"But, after all, the Americans are going over there
in the Frenchman's back yard. They are fighting to
gether to keep a common enemy from climbing the bark
fence. But it is the Frenchman's yard. And the Ameri
can must keep to the paths, and not step on the flower
beds."
The essential friendliness and good will of the Ameri
can will pull him safely through the embarrassments of
bis first days with the soldiers over there., if and this
won't be hard for Sammy when he realizes how import
ant it is he gets busy right away to cultivate modesty
and tact and politeness. The same lessons can be
learned with profit by the American public right here at
home. 1
WANTING TO BE SOME ONE ELSE.
Atlantic Monthly: The fact that every man desires
to be somebody else explains many of the aberrations
of artists and literary men. The painters, dramatists,
musicians, poets and novelists are Just as human as
housemaids and railway managers and porters. They
want to do all the good they can to all the people they
can In all the ways they can. They get tired of the ways
they are used to and like, to try new combinations. So
they are continually mixing things. The practitioner of
one art tries to produce effects that are proper to an
other art.
A musician wants to be a painter and use his violin
as if it were a brush. He would have us see the sunset
glories that he is painting for us. A painter wants to
be a musician and paint symphonies, and he is grieved
because the uninstructed cannot hear his pictures, al
though the colors do swear at each other. Another pain
ter wants to be an architect and build up his picture b
if it were made of cubes of bricks. It looks like brick
work, but to the natural eye it doesn't look like a pic
ture. A prose writer gets tired of writing prose and
wants to be a poet. So he begins every line with a capi
tal letter and keeps on writing prose.
No better, clearer picture of events on the western
battle front could be gained than from a glance at the
trend of events the past summer on the famous platen1!
called the Chemin des Dames (Place of the Ladies).
Early in the summer the French, by a spectacular and
costly advance along a wide front, occupied most of this
plateau. Since then the crown prince has fought bit
trely to retake this omportant plateau. Heactually hurled
forty counter attacks against the French troops here
in the course, of two months, not gainiog a foot of ground
that he could hold. Then came the great French drive
of last month when the plateau was entirely cleared an!
Fort Malmaison was taken. Now comes word that the
Germans have retreated from their bloodstained front
facing the plateau clear to Laon, a distance of thirteen
miles. The French war machine has the edge on the best
the Germans can muster on this important front Of this
there is no longer a doubt.
The Canadians have taken Passchendaele. -This vic
victory may seem small in the face of the Italian rout,
but it Is more significant than the flashy German suc
cesses in Italy for the reason that it was won on a front
where the war is to be decided. And Germany knows it
full well and bitterly indeed. The taking of Passchen
daele in tiie face of Von Hindenburg's orders to hold
it at any cost was a vital thrust and just how badly it
hurt the Hun will not be developed until later in the war
'Kansas City Star: Germany reported a mutiny in the
fleet, and then made its drive on Italy. Now it reports
mutiny in a Belgian garrison. Is it about to bombard
New York?
Lord Northcliffe, one of the great men produced by
the present war. Journeyed to Dayton, Ohio, the other
day to confer the Albert medal upon Orville Wright, in
ventor of the airplane. This Ohio boy's Inventive mind
and cunning hand and sublime faith lias plsyed a fcreater
part in the world war than any other one agency. It
is still maintained in high quarters that the war will
be won in the air.
Kansas City Star: What if the Italian defeat proves
a complete disaster? What if the worst should happen
and Italy should be put out of the war? Well,, then it
would be up to us to take another hitch in our belt and
go to it harder than ever. For Britain, France and the
United States can win this war and will win it, if need
be without help fro many other nation!
COTTON OBJECT
OF EFFORTS FOR
MORE EFFICIENCY
1
Representative ,of Shipping
Board, Cotton Experts and
Others Seek to Bring More
Efficiency Into Business.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7. Greater
compression, the adoption of a stand
ard bale, more efficient loading of
freight cars and an increase in the
ship tonnage in the coastwise and gull
trade were suggestions for facilitat
ing the movement of the cotton crop
advanced at a conference here today
of cotton manufacturers, railway and
steambhip men and representatives ol
the shipping board. Mills engaged in
government work reported constantly
shrinking raw stocks, due to difficul
ties of transportation. Stocks on hand
were said to be far below those o:
previous years, but no immediate in
terruption of work was threatened.
Two committees which were ordered
to report at another meeting Novem
ber 23, were created by the confer
ence. One will discuss the problem
with railway officials while the other
will confer with shippers, manufact
urers and compressors.
SHIPPERS HOLD
FREIGHT RATES
ARE HIGH ENOUGH
Proposes Increases in Commo
dity Rates Declared Suffi
ciently High by Several
Shippers Before Examiner.
TEAM CAPTAINS FOR
WAR FUND CAMPAIGN
NAMED BY COMMITTEE
Much work was accomplished last
evening at a meeting Of the executive
committee of the war work campaign
organization, hel dat the local Y. M. C.
A. Team captains, to the number ol
nine, were appointed and the skeleton
of theorganizalion for the big drive
next week perfected.
Kach captain was given a list of
names to be solicited by his team.
Cacti team will be picked by the cap
tain. The opening banquet will be
held on MOnday evening, a: the Y, at
which time all of the captains anu
their teams will be present. Cam
paign lunches will be served Tuesday
and Wednesday when reports of the
progress of the campaign will be made.
Those in charge of the campaign, ex
pect it to be closed by Wednesday ev
ening at the latest. Bisbee's quota of
the entire sum is $5,000.
The captains appointed last evening
are: 1 J. C. Ryan, Jr.; 2 F. E. Ben
nett; 3 A. W. Engelder; 4 Miles
Merrill; 5 J. P. Williamson; 6 Frank
Brunning; 7 J. P. Hodgson; 8 H. C.
Henry; and 9 Arthur Notman. George
Cobo was selected as auditor.
Boys Conduct Campaign.
Not only are the men obligated to do
their part toward the raising of the
$H5,000,000 for the enlisted men and
those in the prison camps, but the boys
of the country will .likewise be in a
campaign for 1100,000.000 of the total
J35.000.000. This money is to be earn
ed by the boys and is not to be solic
ited. The southwestern section of the
country with headquarters at El Paso
is asked (or $5,000 to be subscribed in
this way.
Bisbee's part of this amount is $400.
Every boy who possibly can will be
asked to earn and pay ten dollars to
ward this campaign for the soldiers
and sailors. If anyone has a job that
a boy can do to help earn this money
call Arnold Baldwin, chairman of the
employment committee, with head
quarters at the Boys' department of
the Y. M. C. A., Phone 127.
The campaign organization consists
of Arnold Baldwin, president and
chairman of the employment commit
tee; Bob Thomas, vice president and
chairman of the publicity committee;
Lester Ferrell, secretary-treasurer;
Arthur Peterson, chairman ways and
means committee; Harry Harshman.
chairman collection committee; and
Raymond Foster, chairman publicity
committee for Warren and Lowell.
WANT HELP.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
SAN ANGELO. Texas, Nov. 7. West
Texas cattle raisers and bankers to
day -sought government intervention
as a result of the long brought which
threatens the lives of thousands of
cattle, sheep and goats. They wired
Washington requesting immediate de
livery in this section of sufficient cars
to ship out livestock. They also asked
that government agents purchase fif
teen hundred carloads each of cotton
seed cake and iiay fur animals which
cannot be moved so as to prevent
speculating. v
RECEIVERSHIP O. K.
(I!y Review Leased Wire.)
DENV ER. Nov. 7. What Judge Bui
lins. in terminating it, called the most
successful recelWrshlp in the history
of the district court was ended here
today when the Western Sugar and
l.and company was relieved from the
court's jurisdiction, after payment of
about $1,000,000 to bondholders and
the entry of a deficiency Judgment for
$28.imm) remaining due.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 7. Shippers
contending that the freight rates on
their products already are high enough
occupied most of today's hearing on
proposed increase in commodity rates
before Examiner Disque of the inter
state commerce commission.
During the hearing, Eugene Morris,
chairman of the Central Freight asso
ciation territory railroad board, stat
ed that the railroads already had
formulated but had deferred filing,
pending the present investigation, an
application to include lumber in the
31-cposed general 15 per cent advance.
The plan, he said, is to apply the in
rease not only within the official
classification territory east of the
Mississippi rivter. but inter-territorially.
Not Emergency Measure
E. H. De Pass of Seattle, traffic
manager of the Carnation Milk Prod
ucts company, urged that if the ad
vances can be demonstrated to be nec
essary as a war measure; they should
be granted, with the understanding
they were to remain in effect only
until the war is over, rates then to
be restored to their former level. He
protested against proposed canceling
of through commodity rates on canned
milk and canned vegetables from
Wisconsin to trunk line territory and
substitution of commodity rates from
shipping points to Chicago and Mil
waukee and class rates beyond. Some
eastern trunk lines, particularly the
Pennsylvania and the Baltimore and
Ohio, be testified, have been antag
onistic to the mHk business for years.
T. A. McGrath, counsel for the Min
neapolis chamber of commerce, ob
jected to the proposed increase of 44
cents' on flaxseed from the producing
fields to the Minneapolis linseed oil
plants.
Morris replied that the increase was
an automatic one in the northwest
with relation to other proposed in
creases east.
Friday Examiner Disque will con
duct a hearing on proposed rates on
petroleum and grain and their products.
SECOND LIBERTY LOAN FIGURES
T
SHOW
GREA
ANERCAf
RESPON
E
(Continued from Page One.;
New York ' ....
Chicago
Cleveland
Boston
Philadelphia
San Francisco
Richmond
St. Louis
Kansas City
Minneapolis
Atlanta
Dallas ..
Subschiptions
..$1,550,453,450
. 585.853.350
.. 486.106.800
.. 476,950.050
. 380.350.250
.. 292,671.150
.. 201,212,600
.. 184.280.750
150,125,750
.. 140.932.650
90.695.750
77.899,850
Quota
$900,000,000
420,000.000
300.000.000
300.000.000
250.000,000
210,000.000
120.000,000
120.000,000
120,000.000
105,000.000
80,000.000
75,000,000
Per Cent of
Over-Subscrip.
72
39
2
59
52
39
68
54
25
34
13
4
BLUEBIRD FEATURE
AT ROYAL THEATRE
One of the scenes in the Bluebird
photoplay, "The Charmer," to be ex
hibited at the Royal tneatre today,
with Ella Hall in the star role, will
be especially appreciated by men who
recall "the old swimming hole" and
by the kiddies who venture into more
or less muddy pools for the crown
ing joys of "playing hookey." Inciden
tal to the story a group of village
urchins entice one of the boyish he
roes of the occasion into a secret raid
on the "swimmin hole," and Director
Jack Conway was, of course, right on
the job with his cameraman. The
simple adornments of boyhood are
it ft in scattered abandon on the bank,
temptations for the "villain" who has
been omitted from the general invi
tation, and while the lads disport
t'lemselves in tl eir "birthday suits"
the mean boy tes in well dampened
krots the shirts and "pants" of the
bathers. His motqod of revenge gets
him into trouble and his efforts to
escape just retribution leads to a
chase that suggests a quickstep pa
rade of the Adam kids In the Garden
of Eden. The Incident is Just another
of those "nature touches" Jack Con
way has become famous for in his
production of Bluebirds. It will carry
the "old boys" back to their youth
and be extremely realistic to the kiddies.
VENICE SAFE
(By Review Leased Wire.)
HEADQUUARTERS OK THE ITAL
IAN ARMY IN NORTHERN ITALY.
Nov. 7 (By the Associated Press).
A messenger from B. Harvey Carroll
Jr.. American consul at Venice, ar
rived at headquarters today. The
messenger said conditions in Venice
were fairly calm. Shops were open
and business was proceeding. There
had been no air raids against the
city owing to the effective defenses,
he said.
POSTPONES MEETING.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
BER.E. Nov. 7. The international
conference for lasting peace, has been
forced to postpone its meeting thiOugh
lack ot delegates. The meeting which
was planned for November 12. is now
fixed for November 13.
Germany may. as Miehaelis says,
know what she wants, but. what I
liiiil-n t.. ll,u m.ttil flin liuliitw-t, ,lf (lit.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS world knows what she needs.
were made in full on subscriptions on
$10,000 and less.
On the second Liberty loan, pay
ment of 2 per cent of the subscription
amount was required with the appli
cation and thousands of purchasers
of the smaller bonds, particularly of
$50 and $100 denominations paid rash
In full. From these payments $151,
000.000 already has been received by
the treasury. The second installment
of. 18 per cent will fall due one week
from tomorrow, Thursday, November
15. Forty per cent additional will be
due December 15. and the last install
ment of 40 per cent will be due on
January 15. 1918.
Thanks the People
Thanking the people, who made the
big loan possible. Secretary McAdoo
in a statement said:
"This great loan would have been
Impossible without the loyal support
and co-operation of the people of the
country, but even that support could
not have been secured except for the
indefatigable, unselfish and earnest
work of hundreds of thousands of
pplendid men and women throughout
the United States who threw them
selves into the task without reservation.
"I wish to thank all these splendid
volunteers and patriots, and I particu
larly wish to thank the bankers of
America; the Liberty loan organiza
tions which formed in every state,
city, town and community in the Uni
ted States; the women of America,
who made a distinctive fight for the
Liberty loan through their own organ
izations throughout the country; the.
Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts; the news
papers and periodicals which gave, as
In the first Liberty loan, the most
effective, unselfish and generous sup
port through their colums and other
wise ; the press associations; the bus
iness bouses; the various patriotic or
ganizations; co-operative and frater
nal societies, and other organizations
throughout the land which so gener
ously and earnestly gave their serv
ices to the great cause.
"Thanks are due to those employers
who In such large numbers gave the
fullest opportunity to their employes
to subscribe to the loan upon terms
commensurate with their ability to
make the required payments.
Special Mention. 4
"I should like to make special men
tion of the soldiers and sailors of
America, who came forward with sub
scriptions amounting to more per cap
ita than those received from the civil
population. These gallant men are
not only giving their sen ices and their
lives to their country but are lending
their money as well to strengthen the
government in this great war for
America's rights and world democ
lacy." In explanation of the reasons for not
accepting the full amount of subscrip
tions. Secretary McAdoo declared the
government as a matter of policy must
abide by the announcement of plans
for the second liberty loan, which re
served the right to allot additional
bonds up to one half the amount of
any oversubscription. The secretary
added that the government must never
alter the basis upon which it offers an
Issue of bonds after the subscriptions
are closed.
"Whenever loans are offered to the
public the banks and public adjust
themselves both consciously and un
consciously to the basis of the offering
and it would be extremely unwise to
alter that basis after the subscriptions
have been received."
WARREN COMPANY AND
COUNTY PLAN GREAT
IMPROVEMENTS SOON
j Rippling Rhymes
i (By WALT MASON.)
!
By an agreement made this week be
tween the Warren Company and the
county officials, it was decided to ap
preciably Improve the street system
at Warren. Especial attention will be
pal dto drainage, and all bad streets
will be made quite passable. Work
on this will start shortly after De
cember 1.
Much Work Contemplated.
All indications at the present time
are that improvements at Warren will
total considerably over $600,000 in val
ue for the year of 1917. This figure is
exclusive of the cost of all real estate,
and doesnot Include anj street work.
So fast has property been moving at
Warren that the Warren Co., is n'jw
perfecting details for opening up a fur
ther portion of the townsite that
across the Douglas road from the new
district of Warren. This statement
was made yesterday by Jesse Yoakum.
I'p to November 1st, $275,000 had
been spent in the building of residenc
es. In addition to this, there are at
present under construction, 34 houses,
with specifications .calling for a total
of over $100,000. It might be mention
ed that two fo these houses will cost
$11,000 apiece. G. H. Dowell will also
build In Warren In the near future, his
house to be directly west of the Wal
ter Douglas residence.
Public Improvements.
Municipal, public and company im
provements amount to a further $175.
000. Of this, the new C. & A. Hospital
not yet finished, makes a big part This
building will represent a value of $lii,-
000 when completed. The new junior
high school at Warren cost $25,000 and
$27,000 and $15,000 has been spent on
sewerage and street work respectively.
Park improvements have been made
to the extent of $5,000.
In regard to work oetween now and
the first of the year,. apart from that
already mentioned in the way ot home
building, it is to be presumed that the
Warren Company will carry out Its us
ual play of yearly addition to the
parks. One more park block 62
will be completed, leaving the last one.
block 63. for next year.
SCHMIDTZ COMES BACK.
LITTLE GRIEFS
How bravely, buoyantly, man bears
bis galling load of woes and cares!
We see him toiling in the mart wit
' fearless eyes and dauntless heart.
; Dispatches bring him tidings dire; his
: buildings are destroyed by fire; his
; vessel, filled with navy beans, was
sunk by German submarines; the bank
in which he had his wad is closed
; the cashier's skipped abroad. I'erhap-t
he's pale around the gills confronting
unexampled ills; perhaps he sheds a
pint or two of sweat as cold as niorn
Ing dew; but he's the modern fighting
gent, and so he raises no lament.
With stoic calm, with Spartan front,
he buckles to his daily stunt. Then
i he goes home to have a doze; a silly
j fly with tickling toes is climbing o'er
his drowsy brow oh. watch the Spar
!tan hero now! Oh. see the dauntless
stoic rise, and cave around and cus
the flies. He knocks the pictures from
the wall, anr roasts his loved folks,
one and all. and says it is a beastly
shame that one who's weary, sore
'and lame, can't harvest some refresh
ing sleep; and if his wife'was worth
her keep, she'd see that every dog
gone fly should curl its little limbs
and die.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 7. Eugene
E. Schmidt, indicated in municipal
government graft prosuction rases ten
years ago at the time he was mayor of
San Francisco, announced today he
would be a candidate for mayor in 1919.
Schmldtz won his rase on appeal. Yes
terday the former mayor was elected a
member of the supervisors" beard of
Sun Fraucisco.
SLACKERS WANTED.
(By Review Leased Wire)
i SAN DIEGO. Cal.. Nov. 7. To turn
! back youths of military age who at
I tempt to cross Into Mexico at Tiajuana.
! a detachment of ini'antry was despaw n-
ed .O the border today, lusioms oi-tw-iala
have reDOrted that an unusually
! large number of young men subject to
the draft have attempted to cross me
border.
A FOOL AT 40
i It is an old proverb that every niau
, Is either a fool or a physician at 4.
' Well I fooled along for 40 years in
the drug business and practice of med-
icine before I perfected a blood medi
' cine that I thought and knew I could
. offer the public with impunity.
I have perfected Number 40 For
The Blood, and to show you that 1
I do not wish to fool you I will send Ou
! your dollar by mail if you return the
j front of the cartoon with the statement
' that you hae tried one bottle without
satisfactory result lor any scrofu.ous
disease, for blood poison, chronic rneu
uiatistti. malaria, chronic liver and
stomach trouble, constipation, or in
fact any disease for which it is recom
mended. J. C. Mendenhall, Evansville.
Ind.
told exclusively iu Bisbee at Central
Pharmacy, vpposit-j Orphcum. in Lo
well by Lowell Drug Co., in Douglas by
Owl Drug Co. Adv. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 8, 1917.
1
!
1
I
I
t
i
:3
V
HI
"i
A
A
-A
J
a
s
4
-4
3
Official Recognition of the
Deportations Bij Commission
Given In Letter to Wheeler
The only allusion formally made to' Close reading of the letter discloses
the deportation movement, carried out no criticism of the deportation nor o
in the Warren district on July 12, by the sheriff, the commission confining
the president's mediation commission itself to matters subsequent to the
is contained in a letter addressed to deportation, and ultimately leaving
Sheriff Wheeler and with the reply the course of the sheriff in these mat-1-iepjajsa.t
ojiqnd apmu -juans auj jo.ters in bis own hands, as expressed
THE MAN fm SALT RIVER VALLEY SAYS:
LET'S GET EXCITED ABOUT COTTON!
One bala of cotton to the acre in Arizona is considered just an
ordinary crop. Some acres are producing one and a half bales to the
acre, while it takes 2 and3 and even 4 acres of the land in the "Old
South" to produce one bale.
Then, too, this is .
Long
Staple
Cotton
with a tough fibre, which brings
70 cents a pound, used in tire
manufacturing, instead of the
short staple tat is bringing 20
cents to 25 cents. It's some
thing to GET EXCITED about.
It's something to TELL. YOUR
FRIENDS about It's something
to GO FIND OUT ABOUT for
yourself. Think of it! A profit
of $200 NET to the acre. Write
us bow every $100 should pay
you $50 a year in dividends. You
ore under no obligations for inquiring.
Moving Picture Exhibit of the Cotton Industry
Daily and nightly at our office. Come in and see it; it means the
opening of the Doors of a New Opportunity to you.
Cotton City Land and Building Co.
(No Stock For Sale)
Room 3, Second Floor. Chamber of Commerce Bldg.,
Phoenix,. Arizona.
Btsbee Office, Sasse's, or Golden HoteL
COUPON
Please send me government statistic on Long Staple Egyptian
Cotton raised In Arizona, and booklet on Cotton City project.
Name
Street
City
I f-- .Sc" v-.'-Vi1
jMLMbMMeaM i ! mn1 n m W'l i r i raMf i nr Tartar MaaABdfeiirf' !
2c--
Art
zona
Oil--2c
PAY 2c A SHARE NOW, AND 2c WHEN OIL IS STRUCK'
Subscription Books Open on a Limited Allotment of 250,000 Shares
(Permit Issued by Arizona Corporation Commissicr)
ARIZONA OIL AND REFINING COMPANY
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
H. H. Major, real estate operator. Phoenix, president; A. E. Edwards,
oil expert, vice president; M. Croft, expert accountant, secretary;
David F. Johnson, Arizona state treasurer, director; H. G. Richardson,
county attorney of Pinal county, director.
Controls 640 acres in the Chino Valley Oil Fields, 160 of which
adjoins the first d'scovery well. The Chino Valley fields, which have
been reported on by such well known oil experts and geologists as
Etienne A. Ritter, formerly oil expert of the French government... Pro
position is a fair one. Pay us 2c a share now (par value of the shares
is 10c, and pay us 2c when the company strikes oil in commercial
quantities. You are under no obligations whatsoever to pay the other
2c until this company strikes oil.
There is today an oil excitement in Arizona, and the bringing in
of the first well will mean a tremendous boom for Arizona Oil stock.
Write for particulars on the new Arizona Oil fields, which is full
of interest. We have also in preparation, and will be ready in a few
days, the first Arizona Oil Map, sent free. Agents wanted.
GENERAL SECURITIES CORPORATION
Rooms 2, 3 and 4, Second Floor, Chamber of Commerce Bldg.
Phoenix, Arizona.
BiSEEE OFFICE SASSE'S OR GOLDEN HOTEL
in the concluding lines of the second
article of the letter, "except insofar
as much right is restricted by the
orderly process of law," this referring
to the right of all persons to cr.tcr the
district.
The sherifT, in his reply, takes the
ground that the orderly process ot
law under present state and war
emergency conditions, .the very ex
istence of the commission providing
one of these emergency illustrations
covers a far wider scope than ever
before. His letter therefore is wholly
non-committal.
That the commission expected sue
reply, and that it was acceptable to
it, is considered established bv the
fact that the sheriffs letter reached
it Tuesday afternoon and was then
read, without criticism expressed and
without the sherifT being asked to
make any change in his response. He
remained in the city overnight an
, until after the departure of the com
mission yesterday, subject to its call
as it was advised, if it desried to
further consider matters wltb him
i Both letters follow:
! Commission's Letter
Hon. Harry C. Wheeler, Sheriff of
! Cochise County. Bisbee, Ariz.
My Dear Mr. Sheriff:
After a thorough and impartial con
isidcration of the facts surrounding
the deportation of the 12th of July
and the practices which have been
pursued since such deportation by
those in authority in Cochise county
the presMent's mediation . commls
sion is convinced that once your at
tention is directed to practices which
are subversive of industhial peace
and denials of lawful rights, you will
promptly take the necessary steps to
have such practices abandoned. Spe
cifically the president's mediation com
mission asks your assurance that the
following requirements of law and or
deri will be respected both in letter
and in spirit:
(1) The right to unimpeded ad
mittance into the Warren district of
II who seek entrance into it In
lawful and peaceable manner should
he respected. Therefore, all deputy
sheriffs now serving as patrol or
nickets on the outskirts of the dis
trict for the purpose of passing judg
ment on the right of any one to en
ter the district should.be at once
withdrawn from such service, nor
' should deputies hereafter be stationed
for such purpose. This, of course, is
in no wise intended to liimt the au
thority of the sheriff, under the usual
restrictions of the law, to utilize
deputies for the detection and pre
vention of acts declared crimes by
the statutes of the s'ate of Arzona
or of the United States. It is clearly
to be understood, however, that this
! authority of the sheriff, as the law
'officer of the county, is not to be
. used by any cT his deputies as
means of interfering with any one
entering the district-because he was
among those deported on July 12,
or because he is deemed to be a
sympathizer with those deported, or
simply because his presence is deem
ed to be undesirable.
(2) The right of all persons free
ly to move about the Warren dis
trict orto continue to reside within
it must be scrupulously respected, ex
cept in so rar as such right is re
stricted by the orderly process of
law.
At this time, when our country hat
dedicated its very life to the estab
iisnment or respect for law among
the nations of the world, it is espe
cially indispensable that law must be
respected at home.
Cordially yours, W. B. WILSON,
Secretary of Labor, Chairman of the
President's Mediation Commission.
The SheriTr's Letter
Hen. W. B. Wilson, Secretary of La
bor. Chairman of the President's
Mediation Commission.
Dear Mr. Secretary:
After careful consideration of yuor
.as"""
rr
i2a
2225
top ! Wo
ffilgt
I o ) o c
1 .c
1A ijjrv) .7 v At
g &m.Wlnmm(i
LYDIA E. PINKHAM'S
VEGETABLE COMPOUND
Is (greatest im s? ills kmmi
LYDIA C PINKHAM MEDICINE CO LYNN. MASS.
CIGARETTES
cf IMPORTEDani DOMESTIC
tobaccos Blended
I - M
Thenew blend
does a new thing
, The new, can't-be-copied blend of
Imported and Domestic tobaccos in
this new cigarette, Chesterfield, does
(a new and important thing for
(smokers r'
Chesterfields "reach home," they
(let you know you are smoking
they "Satisfy"!
( Yet, they're Mildf
There is more to a cigarette than
merely the good taste. Easy to prove
it try Chesterfields. Today.
W Wranned in Tin Foil
keeps them Fresh
urn iiiiiiss
W
a$W
J If I f r 1
7
cemmunication of yesterday, I assume
hatevcr criticism you have in re-
ards to my deputies, under my or
ders, and their acts, past and present,
's directed to specific, acts of inter
ference with and interrogation of.
various persons desiring entrance into
this district. You will understand of
ourse that in order to enforce the
prohibition law of this state the tray-
ling public, in all suspicious in
stances, have been and are now liable
to scrunity and interrogation from all
peace officers, as are all persons ac-
uscd of crime and all persons with
in reasonable limits of the suspicion
of crime.
Trying to reach tne spirit of yout
ettcr, I conclude all you desire to
hat all peaceably disposed persons
not accused of any violation of law
ie permitted to enter this district
ithnut molestation.
With due regard to the nrcewnity
of apprehending the many slackers.
of apprehending those guilty of viola
te n of the state and government pro-
I Itibtion laws. I shall endeavor to ful-
lill ny obligations in a manner btsl
' Supreme Power would endow me wi;h
'complete wisdom, I should tif.er be
'at fault. My findings through many I
I trials have been, " 'Tis easy to do
' right, but at times terribly difficult to
distinguish the wrong from the riht of
: things."
Officially and personally I wish you:
and each member of the commission i
every success in your j;reat under-
taking. Uespectfiillv, ;
IIARKY C. WHKKLKK.
Sheriff.
tliem and continue them indefintu ly,
until the gret, righteous and unself
ish objects we have in itw are fi
nally secured."
Andrew Iionar Ijw. chancellor of
I tie exctieqiior. amid loud c heers, mov
ed closure, which was carried 2S2 t.i
FOR TIRED PEOPLE.
GOVERNMENT SUSTAINED.
aiculated to further best IntcreHts
our country, our community and
lastly ourselves.
Please believe me personally will
ing to make sny sacriflce for the. best
interests of the l uitei States. If the
(By Review Loused Wire.)
I IJIMinV Knv. 7. A. J ILitfmir
secretary for foreign affairs, rep'.yin?
in the house of commons today to a
peace motion proposed by it. It. Lees
Smith, liberal member for Northhamp
ton, e'eelared:
"The aims for which Great Mrilai'i
entered the war were imt and are not
either imperialistic, or vindicative, but
one and all are needed for the double
purpose of the emancipation and se
curity of Kurope."
Mr. Balfour asked the house to show
by .in overwhelming majority that:
"We Ix'lieve in the cause in which
we are struggling and which we know
we can bring to a successful termina
tion. Creat as are the sacrifices al
ready made, we are ready to continue
Horsfbrd's Acid Phosphate.
Is very beneficial for exhausted .'!-;
ditions due to heul, over-work or in-:
somnia. Non-alcoholic. Adv.
Deafness Cannot Be Cured
tty local application. Ihry cannot racte
th dira.-d inrti"n or the rar, Thr
only one way to cur drafncoa, and that tm
fer .-onltutlonal rrmriit DeafnrM im
caud y an inflamed condition of the mu
cous llnina of th Euatachian Tub. Whrai
thra tuo la rnftimd you nav. s rumbllnc
Sound or Imperfect hearing, and when It t.
entirely clocd. pcaln.-a. la th. result. aa4
nnlras th. inllammation can s. taken out
and this tub. restored to Its normal condi
tion. heArlna; will he destroyed forever: ntna
caaea ovt of ten are caused by Catarrh,
which la nothing but an inllametl cocdiuon
f the mucoua surfaces.
W'. will give One Hundred Dollars for nop
ease of Deafneaa tcau-d by catarrh) that
cannot be currd hr Hall's Catarrh Car.
Send f circulars, free.
F. 1 CH EN ET CO . Toledo, Ohlsv
5old by Hrufciars. 75c
Tks Hall s r aruily JMIla fot couatlpatloa.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
Judxe A. C IK-kwood was at b"lor
. enee Sti:rduy holding a session of
tho superior court of Pinal county.
Fiery Eczema and Skin Eruptions
Readily Yield to This Old Remedy
SuressfuUy used for fllty years.
Eczema au im;!ir skin troubles
rome from a uV-riiered, impure con
dition of the blomJ, and they can
only lo curctl ly plvinii tlie Mood a
tlie-rouii cloaiisirj, and removing
Iron; it all truces .( impurity.
This is why S. S. S. h.:s been used
gn siiictsiii!!y in I'i'.ii ii eJi of cases
cf LvZtma an.l oilier skiu eruptions.
This wonderful remedy is without an
equal as a blood purifier, being prob
ably the oldest blood medicine on the
market. It has been sold by drug
gists for fifty years.
You are invited to write to-day
for complete and tull advice as to
the treatment of your own case. Ad
ilrcst. Chief Medical Adviser, Swift
Specific Co., Dept. U Atl.nto, Gi.
A THE BISBEE DailY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 8, 1917.
SIX
onev
ON
WATCHES, DIAMONDS, JEWERY
OR WHAT
Special Sale Unredeemed Watches and Diamonds.
17 Jewel Elgin or Waltham Watches, 20 year gold cases, JQ ewe
$20.00 and $30.00 values : J27. I O
30 days free trial and if not a good timekeeper your money refunded.
United Loan and Jewelry Co.
(BRANCH OF 16 CALIFORNIA STORES)
Brewery Gulch, across from Union theater.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everythine at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40 ;
$ 1 0 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co, Boston, Duluth, Calumet
LOGAN 4. BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
ft
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL
OF FIRE BURNING
OR BURGLARS
Stealing your private papers and valuables when you
shut the home for the summer.
There's Absolute Safety for both when protected
by our modern vaults
Private safes rent for $500 and up yearly.
Think this over then see.
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street
Will E. McKee, President
A quarter here, fifty cents there, a dollar
somewhere else do you keep tab on your
expenses?
And do you realize that many of these
quarters, half dollars and dollars you could
save?
i Bank With Us.
EYE NERVE GLASSES I
Study and much re
search work since
1892, is the causa of
my successful practice
In Bisbee. Dr. R.
Glaze. Neutroloelst.
Mae Bide.. Phone, Office
Room 1
156. 'Residence,
Black 420.
REVIEW WANT ADS
iUKTM'dfc Mill IIIPH
m
to JLoan
HAVE Y0U7
WITH THE. RIGHT
KIND OF LUMBER
any job can be done more quick-.
ly and economically. If you have
a closet or a bookcase in mind
come see us. We want to sell
yoa Uie lumber, of course. But
we'll sell you only tbe kind our
experience :ells us is right and
we won't try to sell you too
much- of it Then you'll come
again.
Company, inc
CAR STOP.
PHONE 25.
Bisbee, Arizona.
C A. McPonald, Cashier.
CATARRH
'or Trlf
BLADDER
Esllmi !a
24 Hours
Each Cm sS.
ale bemn the mIDY)
Ni -A
VlVlnDJW
Mining and Financial News
V FVIEW
NEW YORK FINANCIAL
NEW YORK. Nov. 7. Active stocks
made substantial recoveries todny
from recent low quotations after an
early spnsm of weakness. Rallies, it
was genpralv believed, might have
piade preater progress nut for in-
creased heaviness of bonds, many ofif,,,'nrr i
wWfii repisfored pt minlmums. jyCon ,y
Gains wer most pronnuncp fr j Shnttnck
stocks nThf-h recently experloncpd 1 Shannon
erst losses. " i "ostnn
rni'eil ctptoq Rtee made a cross)
edvance nf 334 to RH. and other T,',,, rpvr
stools nnit eoulnments were ! to BT,n,,. rn '
notnts hih nt tlmlr be. Shippings j Winona
ppd conrs rose 2 to fl'A points, but;
ppspiI u-ith the crnr.orl list I CURBS
Tradine offer the initial tremor was
cutte regular. nithoiisr. a few dormant
issues 'ike Atchison st S3 and Amerl.
rn Telenhone at 109T4 were ndded to
te lone list of new low records. Sales
amounted to 97r 000 shares.
International?, nntablv flotations. led
tie general decline in bond". Libert v
's were firm at nar to 100.02. but. the
SW.'g weaVonej from 99.fiO to the low
recordof 99.44. Pond sa's. nr value,
asrerepated 4. 575,000. Uni'ed fiates
bonds, old issues, were unchanged on
call.
GRAIN MARKET
CHICAGO. Nov. 7. Pessimistic re
ports as to slowness of huskine had
considerable to do with a material ad
vance today in the corn market. Prices
dosed strong 14 to 2c net higher,
with December Sl.J8i and May
)1.13vt to $114. Oats gained V2 to
and provisions 62c to $1.66.
Delavs in huskin? appeared to re
sult from the fact the new crop was
I not drvin out rapidly. Bullish traders!
put emohasis on the statements that
Inrevall'ne temperatures were too hicH
1 for the best results In handling1 grain
which contained anv percentage of
moisture. Complaints of car scarctty,
with lightness of rural offerings, tend
ed to keep the market also constantly
on the upgrade, and so did unabated
attention to the effects of government
establishment of a virtual minimum
pn'ce on hogs.
Oats hardened wih com despite ab
sence of urgent demand.
Buying ascribed to packers gave a
life to provisions.
METAL MARKET
NEW YORK. Nov. 7. Lead. ;trong;
snot. 6.37V4 hid. Snelter, dull; spot
East St. Louis delivery offered at
7.62. Bar silver, 86.'
COTTON MARKET
NEW YORK. Nov. 7. The cotton
market today closed barely steady at
a net decline of 1 to 14 points.
NEW YORK
Closing Quotations November 7, 1917
(By L J. Overlock)
Anaconda ' 55
American Smelter 74
American Can 33
American Locomotive 51'4
American Car 61M
American Sugar 4
Atchison 84"4
Baldwin 55
Beth B 81
C. & O
Canadian Pacific .' 136V4
C. F. & I 33',i
Central Leather 63
Crucible 55V4
Distillers 33
Erie 15
Goodrich 35
General Motors 83
Industrial Alcohol 100
Marine 26Vi
Marine Pfd 99
Mldvale 43
Maxwell 23
Mexican Petroleum 77 4
New York Central 67
Northern Pacific . . . 84
Reading 67
Studebaker 36
Steel .i 95
Steel Pfd 19
St. Paul 39
Southern Pacific 81
Sinclair 31
Texas Oil 139
Union Pacific 112
IT. S. M 3
Westinghouse 39
Rep Steel
BOSTON
Adventure 1
Allouez 81
Allouez 8
Alaska .;. 3
American Zinc 13
Butte - 17 V,
C. and A...- 3
C. and H
Chief Range i4S'
Chlno
39
East Butte 914
Granby 65
Green Can 35 '
Goldfletd 40
Hancock 7'. j Ark-Arizona ...
Indiana 1.. Terome Portland
Inspiration ,40
Kennecotf. ; 29
Keweenaw 1
LaVe 6
ila Salle 2
Minml 27
Shop
We Fir Em
WHILE
LEASED WIRE
Mohawk 62
Nevada 17
North Rutte 1314
MP-.. 7
Old Dominion 34
Osceola 37
fond Treek v16
10
9
ArVnsa and Arizona 5
Austin Amazon . .,. . K
ArimTin Silver King 5
Pie' Ledee IV,
p end Tnndon 10
Cnlnroot and Jerome 1'4
Cornelia 141,
Con. Conner
cmi Copper Mines
Cirtiss
Tpnn
rtitndee , . . . .
c"m,"a.
1 ''m
?3
18
iA
s
Cadsden 2
Cwp Vonster
rpnd Island T
Hull : 33
"owe Sound I
Hecli 4U;
j insnirat'on Needlas ' I
"erome Verde
Jerome Victor
14 1
.Terome Portland ... 'A. ...
Vaema Conner ;
Voema Chief
Viami Ccn
Mnena'e
Pitts-.Terome
.35
jRavHerc 3
Santa Rita
Tom Reed s
Tilted Eastern 360
Verde E 32
Verde Com k
West Fnd
Wolverine Ariz. 1f4
Wright Martin ?
-NEW YORK. Nov. 7. Initial prices
were in most cases lower, but the
market displayed more impressive ab
sorptive powers, it being rather evi
dent that influential interests are ap
parently more in favor of rendering
liberal supnort. especially to the so
called standard rail and industrial
shares. The war news from the Ital-j
ian front was interpreted In an un
favorable way, but conviction is grow-
ing that the reserves in that region,
have been more or less discounted in i
severe depreciation in security prices
recently. Facts pointing to the greater
co-operation by Japan with this coun
try in prosecuting the war attracted,
favorable comment, and this in con
junction with the war conference of
the allies being held abroad attests
the unity or all the allied nations.
The arguments advanced by the rail
road managers for an increase in
freighti rates has made a profound
impression in financial circles, and.
combined with the financial statistics
available, augment the belief that the
interstate commerce commission will
undoubtedly render a decision that
will have much to do with fostering
more confidence as to the future of
carriers, and undoubtedly be refloote.l
In a lessened desire to part witb in (
vestment shares under-this categorv
and probably inspire a reinstatement Q. K. LIVERY AND
of issues recently liquidated. Liquida-j UNDERTAKING CO.
tion in the security market has been.
on a tremendous scale many months.! Robert Henessey, Prop,
and in many cases corporate shares V;. T--nt ' Aml.l.
.pm.mriv adiusted therfisehea Opposite Depot Ambulance
have seemingly adjusted therfisel
from a price viewpoint to the new1
order of things. Of course liquida
tion will from time to time assert
itself in isolated sections of the list.
but most of the standard shares have
been through the liquidation process
in rather severe fashion.
OATMAN
(By Collins & Brelherton)
Adams 02
Arizona Rex
Ariz-Tom R 04
Gold Ore 24
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff ... ... ........ ..
Lucky Boy 02
Sunnyside 02
Telluride
Tom Reed 35
United Eastern 3.50
rnited Northern 03
United Western 02
Red Lion
.2S
.05 j
.15!
.03.
.03!
.10 i
.38)
3.75:
.05,
.03
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden 200
Green Monster 62
2.06
.69
.12
.75
.13
.62
.94
Butte London 10
Dundee 50
Venture Hill 10
Pitts-Jerome 37
Jerome Verde .87
05
40
Ins-Needles 06
Hull Copper 33
Magma Chief 31
Wolverine-Arizona 1.50
Miami Mother Lode
Verde Com 50
Ariz.-Bisl)e Coppor
Butte Arizona
Santa Cruz Bisbee .
Jerome Daisy
Nacozari Con
Verde Apex
.11:1
- 1
.r,o,
A.z
.i.,i
.IS
Calumet and Jerome 144
RAILROADS GIVEN HEARING.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7. Counsel for
theeas'ern railroads were given a hear
ing today before ExaminT Disque on
! the anthracite phase of the re-opened
19'A 15 per cent advance rate hearing. To
S'4 morrow there will be a hearing on eom
7"4 modifies generally. B. A. Taylor, gen
53 ieral counsel for the Erie, representing
75 'a railway committee on anthracite
rates, presented the case for the pro
j posed Increases, which he said were
necessary to enable the roads to give
adequate service and earn a fair return
on invested capital.
WANTS COMPULSORY SERVICE.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
HAVANA. Nov. 7. In his message
to the eighth Cuban congress, the sec-
j ond period of which opened this after- i
noon. President Menocal recommended !
the passage of a law at an early dato j
making military service compulsory 1
throughout the republic.
SUITS
TO
ORDER
Remember, these suits
are made from genuine
'$25 "materials.
Every thread guaran
teed Strictly All Wool
with a satisfactory fit or
your money back.
WE WAKE A SPECIALTY OF
LADIES' ALTERATIONS.
D. H. Evans
BREWERY- GULCH
Opposite Uncle Jim's
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
Jerome
and
Oatman
Stocks
JACK BUILDING
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING.
Tbe an trial meeting of the stock-
holders of th El Paso & Southwestern
Railroad Company, for the electron of
directors to serve for the ensuing year,
and for the transaction of such other
business as may be properly brought
! before the meeting, will be held at the"
STfl$20
03 office of the company in Bisbee, Co
25 chlse county, Arizona, on Mtanday, No
. veraber 12, 1917. at 12 o'clock noon.
GEORGE NOTMAN,
Secretary.
012016.
Adv 737
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3277. Serial No.
036120. United States Land Office,
Phoenix, Arizona, August 31, 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Alfred
Paul, whose post Office address Is
Douglas, Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the following
named lode mining claims, situate In
the Warren Mining District. Cochise
County, Arizona:
"Don Miguel"
Beginning at Corner IW). 1. the
1 Southeast Corner, whence the West
' quarter Comer of Section 30. Town
1S I ship 23. South. Range 25 East G. & S.
35 ! r. b. & M. bears South 85 36' East
42 mi.i fpet: thence North 69 39' West
1.75 1 1500 feet along lines 1-5 and 2-3 Sur
.50 I vey No. 2244. South Side and Gold Hill
.56 lodes, respecttvelv to CoPAr VY ?
BestWorkmanship
Best Material
Lowest Prices
LEGAL NOTICES
the Southwest Corner; thence North ;
32 25' Ea?t 467.50 feet to Corner No.
3: thence South 68 46' East 664.30
feet along line 3-2 and 4-5 Survey No.!
17S1 Cave lode and Survey No. 2244;
Gold Hill lode, respectively to Ctorner:
No. 4; thence North 43 52' East
163.20 feet along lines 2-1 and 5-6 of
Survey No. 1781. Cave lode and Sur
vey N o. 2244. Gold Hill lode.'respee
tlvelv. to Corner No. 5: thence South
r.f 38' 30V East 654.30 feet along
lines 3-2 and 6-1 Survey M. 1953 Bryen
lode and Survey No. 2244 Gold Hill
lode, respectively, to Corner No. V the
Northeast Corner: thence South 4;
49' East 236.40 Teet to Corner No. 7: .
thence South "2 25' West 391.20 feet;
to Corner No. 1. the plaec tif the be-i
r1nn1n:r containing a total area r.fi
17.917 acres. Tbe presnmed course of'
the vein on this claim Is from the
West end center South 69 39' East)
1500 feet.
"Don Miguel No. 1"
Beclnnlng at Corner No. 1. the
Northeast Corner, whence the West
onsrter Corrver of Section 30. Town
shin 23 Sonth. Range 25 East O. A S.
R B. M. bears sonth 85 37 East
fwt- hinr nth ?
W.st 584 feet to (Tomer No. tbe
Southeast Cornpr: thence North 69
t,' west R86 feet to Cornpr No. 3
Mentfral with Corner No. 3 Pnrvev No
?44 South side lode: thence North
48 52' West 614 60 Teet along linen 3-4
aid 1-5. Snrver No. 2244. Srmth Side
and Survey No. 218S. Worren lodes,
rpqpertlvely. to Corner No. 4. the
Sonthwest Corner: thenceforth 32
?5' East 364 40 feet to Corner No. S.
the Northwest Cornpr: thene Ronth
69 39' East 1506 40 feet to Corner
No. 1. the place of beelnnlne: contain
ing a total are ef 18.277 acres. Ex
nrosslr evrlndlr.g rea In eopfllct
f-'th Survey No. 1917. Baneor Lode of
"123 acres. The presumed course of
the veH on this claim Is from the East
end center North 68 26' West 1499
fet.
"Don MIotpI Nr.. 1."
Beginning at Corner No. 1. the
Northeast Corner, whence the West
nnarter Corner of Section 30. Town
Mp 23 South. Ranee 25 Fast G. A 3
P. B. M. bears South 84 ?1 30"
st 4?"5 feet: thence Sonth 32 23'
West 974.10 feet to CorneT No. 2. ths
Southeast Corner: thence NVirth 59
48' West 581 40 feet to Corner No. 3.
the Sonthwest Corner; thence North
32 25' Fast 974..10 feet to Comer No
4. the Northwest Cornpr; thpnre
Sonth 59 48' Fast 581.40 fept to Cor
ner No. 1. th place tf hrlnntng; con
taining a total area of 12.992 acres
Frpresslv erclnding area In conflict
with Don Miguel No. 1 lode of this snr
vev. of 0.084 acres, and Snrvev No
?010 T.lttle Mary lode of 2.527 acres
and Don Tiflrnel No. 4 lode of this snr
vev of 0 866 acree. The presnmed
rtmrse of the vein on this claim Is
from the North end center South 32
25' West 974.1 feet
"Don Mlime! No. 3"
Rer!nnlng at Corner No. 1. the
Sontheast Corner, whence Vie West
nnarter Corner of Section SO. Towrt-
Mn ?3 Snnth. Ranee 25 Fast f H
H H. M. bears South ? 16' Fsst
40.l feet: thence Nr.rth 59 48' West
176 80 feet to Corner No. 2. th Sonth-
weit Corner: thence North 4 49
West 90fi 80 feet to Corner No. 3. the
Northwest Corner: thence Sonth 59
8' Fast 176 80 feet to Corner No. 4.
the Northeast Corner;: thence Stinth
4 49' East 906 80 feet to Corner No
1. the place of beginning; contalnlne
s total area of 3.014 acres. Frprpaslv
erclndlne area In conflict with Snrvev
No. 9R3 Prven lode erelnslve of Its
conflict with Snrvev No. 2244 Blb
Onen No. 2 lode tf 1.403 acres. Tbe
preumed course of the vein on this
otalm is from the North end center I
South 4 49' East 906 feet.
"Don Mlenel No. 4."
Beelnnlng at Corner No. 1. the
Northeast Corner, whence the West
nuarter Corner of Section 30. Town
hto 23 Sonh. Ranee 25 Fast O. S
R. B M. bears North 75 35' Fast
334.5 feet: thence Sonth 51 17'
West 631.60 feet to Corner No. 2. the
Southeast Corner: thence North 53
22' West 1018 20 feet along line 2-3.
Snrvev No. 2244. Bisbee Oneen lode to
Corner Ntt. 3: thence North 48 B'
West 447 feet to Corner No. 4. the
Southwest Corner: thence North 51
17' Fast 500 feet to Corner No. 5. the
Vorthwest Corner: thence Sonth 56
55 Fast 1500 feet to Corner No. I
the place of beelnnlne: containing
total area of 18.913 acres. emresMv pt
eluding area In conflict with Survev
No. 2172 Lena lode of 0.043 acres. The
presnmed course of the vein on this
claim Is from the Fast end center
North 56 55' West 1500 feet
"Don Mlgnel No. .n
Beginning at Corner No. 1. th
Southeast Comer, whence the West
quarter Comer of Section 30. Town
shin 23 South .Ranee 25 Fast O. ft S.
R. B. ft M. bears North 70 23' Fast
3844 8 feet: thence North 87 11' West
148.90 feet to Comer No. 2. the Sonth
west Comer; thence North 60 13'
West 16.50 feet along lines 1-6 and 2 S
Survey No. 2186 Maronette No. 1 fctde
and Survey No. 2244 Bisbee Queen No.
3 lode respectively, to Comer No. 3:
thence North 48 56 West 1001.00 feet
along lines 6-5 and 3-4. Survey No.
2186, Marquette 1 lode and Survey No.
2244. Bisbee Queen No. 3 lode respec
tively, to Corner No. 4. the Northwest
Comer: thence South 7 11' Fast
127.10 feet to Comer No. 5. the North
east Comer: thence South 48 56
Allen
look
LEGAL NOTICES
East 915.30 feet along line S-6 Survey
No. 2244 Bisbee $ueen No. 3 lode ti
Corner No. 6; thence Sbuth 56 55'
East 120.10 fet along line 6-1 Survey
No. 2244 Bisbee Qnen No. 3 lode to
Corner No. 1. the place of beginning:
containing a total area of 1.849 acres,
expressly excluding area In conflict
with Don MIgnel No. 4 tf this survey
of 0.827 acres. The presumed course
of the vein on this claim la from the
South end center North 48 56' West
1013.1 feet
The locations notices of said clalmt
are recorded In the office of the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise County. Art
tons, as follows:
"Don Miguel." Book 54 Record of
Mines, page 402:
"Don Miguel Nt). 1." Book 54 Rec
ord of Mines, page 403:
"Don Miguel No 2." Book 54. Record
of Mines. age 404.;
. -Don Miguel No. 3." Book 64. Re
ord of Mines, page 405:
"Don Miguel Nt. 4." Book 54. Rec
ord of Mines, page 406:
"Don Miguel No. 5." Book 54. Rec
ord of Mines, page 407:
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the north the "Cave." "Bel
He Mary" and "Mascot" lodes; on
the Sonth. "Edith." "Lena." "Marquette
1." "Ctora." "Bangor." "Buffalo." "ar
ena" and "Warren" lodes; on the East
Xittle Elsie. "Little Mary" an
"Ocatea" lodes; on the West "Last
Chance" lode.
J. L. DXVTN. Register.
First Publication. Sept 23. 1917
Last Publication. November 30. 1917.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3278. Serial No.
035118. United States Land Office,
Phoenix. Arizona. August 31. 1917.
Notice Is hereby riven that Alfred
Paul, whose post office addrses to
Douglas. Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the following nam
ed lode mining claim, situate In the
Warren Mining District . CTochlse
County, Arizona:
"Don Mleuel No. 6"
Beginning at Corner No. 1. the
Northeast Corner, whence the South
west Comer of Section 30. Towpshio
23 Sonth. Ranee 25 East. G. A S. R. B.
ft M.' bears South 54 04' East 841.1
feet: thence South 61" 17' West (00
feet to Chrner No. 2. the Southeast
Corner: thence North 58 56' West
1500 feet to Corner No. 3. the South
west Corner: thnce North 51 17'
East 600 feet to Corner No. 4 the
Northwest Corner: thence South 58
56' East 1500 feet to Corner Ntj. 1. the
place of beginning; containing a total
area of 19.388 acres. The presumed
course of the vein en this claim
from the Fast and center North 58
56' West 1500 feet
The location notice of said claim Is
recorded In the office tf the County
Rpcorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
"Don Miguel No. 6" Book 54, Record
of Mines, page 408;
The names of the adjoining elatma
are: On the Ntrtb. the "Gold .Hill
Mine" lode: on the South "Rattle
Da7.1e" lode: on the Fast "Piedmont"
lode: on the West "Ocatea" and "Mas
cot" lodes.
J. L. IRVfN. Register.
First Pnb. Sent 6. 1917.
Last Pub. Nov. 10. 1917.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survev No. 3279.. Serial No.
036119. United States Land Office.
Phoenix. Arizona. August 31. 1917.
Notice Is hereby riven that Alfred
Paul, whose postofflce address Is
Douglas, Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the following named
lode mininr claim, situate In the War
ren Mining District Cochise County.
Arizona:
"Don Miguel No. T"
Beelnnlne at Omier No. 1 the South
east Corner, whence the Corner t See
tions 25 and 36. Township 23 South.
Range 24 Fast and Sections 30 and 31.
Township 23 Sonth. Ranee 25 Fast 1.
ft S. R. B. ft M. bears Sonth 77 12
West 443.9 feet: thence North 76 05
West 807 80 feet alonr line 1-2 Survey
No. 1958 Puzzle lode to Comer Nt). t
the Southwest Comer: thence Nortli
4 43' 30' West 5930 feet alonr llnea
1-6 and 2-3 of survev No. 195S Pied
mont and Puttie lodes, respectively
to Comer No. 3; thence North 58 KJ'
West 385.80 feet to Corner No. 4:
thence South 76 41' Fast 341.20 feet
along line 4-5. Survey No. 1958 Puttie
lode to Comer No. 5: thence Sonth 76
05' Fast 403.90 feet along line 5-6 Sur
vey Nr. 1958. Puttie lode to Corner No.
6 the Northeast Comer; thence Sftuth
28 20' East 926 30. feet to Comer No.
1 the place of beelnnlne: containing
a total arear of 10 079 acres. The pre
sumed course of the vein on this claim
Is from the North end center Sonth
28 20' 926.3 feet
The location irbtlce of said claim la
recorded In the office of the County
Recorder of Cochise County. Arizona,
as follows:
"Don Miguel No. 7" Book 64 Rector
of Mines page 409.
The names or the adjoining claims
are: On the North "Best of All" lode:
on the South. "Bisbee Queen" lode; on
on the East "Arliona" and "Monte
Carlo" lodes; on the West "Piedmont"
lode.
J. L. TRV1N. Register.
First Pnb. Sept. 2. 1917.
Ts TMh Vn la 1917
BACK OF
Y.W.G.A. 5
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 8, 1917.
SEVEN
i
'1
i
A
Rewfeu; Wanf Acfe
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
lata, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. Advertisements must reach Th ;
Review office not later than 8 p.m. for insertion In the next morning paper
' Male Help Wanted
WANTED Man to work in pipe fitting
and me :er repair work. Bisbee Naco
. Water Co. 3b&
LEARN actual sutc repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer-
lag. Y. M. C. A, Los Angeles. Cat
alog free.
HELP WANTED ADDlications tor
"Review" routes asked for from
WIDE AWAKE boys between 13 and
18 Tears old. 12$
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Waitress at Stag club. 301
WANTED Maid for general house
work. Phone 17. 77
WANTED Young lady stenographer
wants position. Address. Bos 1422
75
WANTED First class cook, a white
woman, also laundress, Monday and
Tuesday preferred. Phone 77. 76
WANTED Woman for general house
work, apply in person. Lowell Bak
ery, Johnson addition. 73
WANTED Bucket woman with hus
band to work for board. Warner Din
ing Room. 99
WANTED Girl for general house
work. Mrs. Houle, Denn Mine. Phone
543. 86
Wanted
WANTED Young single miner wants
housekeeping ioom or bachelor
cabin by Spanish speaking family.
Hillside. Write Park Cafe. Bisbee.
, 364
FOR SALE Three rVom house. Cash
or terms, 39 Laundry Hill. 367
WANTED Typewriting to do at home
of evenings. Box 1370, Bisbee Ar
izona. 760
WANTED Telegraphers, stenograph
er bookkeepers; students earn
board, room tuition. Mackay Busi
ness College, Los Angeles. 789
WANTED RDomers and boarders in
private home. Inquire School Hill
Grocery. 354
WANTED 3 nicely furnished light
housekeeping rooms. Phone Black
743. 314
WANTED By young couple
with one child, small famished house
or housekeeping rooms,- must be
close In. Phone 110 days. 101
For Sale
FOR SALE Twelve stool lunch coun
ter.' A nroney maker. Owjier must
seek lower altitude. Inquire at
striped tent LowelL 701
FOR SALE Rabbits. Will sell reas
onable. Beautiful white angora doe
with young. Two White Poland
bucks and pair of j'oung Himalayan
rabbits. These are fine for pets or
breeding. Call afternoon before five
o'cPock. G. L1 Cumbach, Wood Can
yon, above Rolefs 79
FOR SALE One 1917 Studebaker,
four roadster, full set new tires, first
class shape. M. W. Powell, C. & A.
Supply. 98
FOR SALE 5 room new modern
hard finished house, fruit trees, 2
'Cola, right on car line, no hill, party
leavfng town. Upper Tombstone
Canyon. Hurry if you want a nice
home at a bargain. Apply to M. C.
High. 105
M. C. HIGH
ALLEN BLOCK
Real Estate and Insurance
Now is the time to buy
See me for Bargains.
Agent for reliable Insur
ance Companies.
List your property with ma.
PETEY DINK He Should Have Told Her in a Quiet Way.
For Sale.
FOR SALE 5 room house and bath. .
Riley Wbitmer, Wood Canyon. 48
FOR SALE 4 room furnished house,;
57A O. K. street. Phone Black 685.!
261
FOR SADE School Hill grocery doing
good business. Phone S25, P. O.
Box 11. 355
FRESH. RIPE TOMATOES, for can
ning, 5c per pound, at my ranch near
Naco. Will deliver if quantity is
ordered. Chase L. Purdy. 300.
FOR SALE L. C. Smith Typewriter.
Latest model, visible, tabular attach
ment Practically new. Thos. Henry.
Phone 710. 360.
FOR SALE 3 room house, large
screen porch, fruit trees, house in
very good condition. Tombstone
Canyon, tin car line, no hill. $500
cash will handle this. Apply M. C.
High. 104
for Rent
FOR RENT 4 room h'Juse and furni
ture for sale. Brophy car stop, 216 i
Tombstone canyon. 243 j
. i
FOR RENT 7 rioni furnished house, I
$35; gas, lights and bath. 105 School J
HilL 133;
FOR RENT Furnished cabin with!
screen porch, inquire Joe McNeils.
45 Tank Hill. x 81
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT 3 housekeeping rooms.
No children. jA. D. Fair, Bakerville )
. 362 ;
FOR RENT 2 housekeeping rooms, i
157 Opera Drive. No children. 387 ;
. 1
FOR RENT 2 housekeeping rooms, L. ;
B. Carey, Cochise Row. 366 i
FOR RENT Furnished room, $6 per
month. Doyle House. 60!
GOLDEN EOTEL Outside window?
and running water In all rooms
Rates reasonable, by the day, weel
tir month. 58
1-
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished room !
$2.00 per week and sp. 40E 1
FOR BENT Nicely furnished fren!
sleeping room, suitable for one oi
two gentlemen. Across from Higt
school. 31 Clawson avenue. Phone
230. ; 78
FOR RENT Furnished apartment
Quality Hill, back of Doyle House
Mrs. Argyle.. 4(
FOR RENT 2 sunny housekeeping
.joms, $15, No. 4 Laundry Hill. 8(
FOR RENT 2 nicely furnished front
rooms, suitable or two gentlemen ir.
each room, with board. Mrs. E. Sliel
don, Winwood addition. 82
FOR RENT Two nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms, 12 Jiggerville.
8-
FOR RENT Furnished room with
bath 23 Montana street, Johnson ao.
dition. gf
FOR RENT 2 sunny furnished house
keeping rooms; cheap to right party.
15JB Temby, rear Balgoy house. 101
Money To Loan.
$50,000 to loan on improved city prop
erty or for building, on easy termr
of payment T. A. Hughes, over
Rank or Bisbee. 69'.
SMALL quick loans on 'your personal j
note to salaried men and women, al ;
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Roon; j
2. Lyric Theatre building. W j
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
VIOLIN and Steel Guitar. If you wisl-
lessons on the above or any other in-'
struments leave your name and ad-!
dress at dox office. Central Theatre !
Lowell, Phone 771. Raymond Mariini"!
leader Central Theatre Orchestra
7oe ,
PAT CLEARY. nainter. Membei
Builders' Exchange. Box 1495. 341
REVIEW WANT AOS FOR RESULTS
'T AUT TTTTTT TirA PTT
TRAITORS," SAYSl
T. W. GREGORYJ
, Thomas W. Gregory. i
In a recent statement at Washine1
,ton. Attorney General Thomas W.
Greg-ory warned traitors that the law
car. search them out and that "the
federal government can find in ex
jidtinff statutes and others now pend
jinp bsfore congress power to handle
'any situations that may arise be
cause of the ill-advised activities of
.disloyal, agitators." j
Doings In the
U.JL Court
Selection of a grand jury and setting
; of cases for the next two weeks occu
pied .he federal court Tuesday in Tuc
I son.
I A number of cases against slackers
I were dismissed because the men wert
! already in army . camps. A number ot
i charges against nien who 1 had ' been
! drafted were likew ise dismissed. The
i tiial jury will begin to hear cases to
j day.
j The grand jury is composed of T. G.
i Chalmers. O. B. Glover, R. L. Hayden.
! Leonard Smith, Z. Parker, Ben J. Cool
! ey, Norman Steven&'jn, Fred Ron
j stadW F. W. Brown, W. R. Kitt, J. P.
i Jeffries, William Kyle, C. M. Hickman.
I George W. Field, Clarence Loring, B.
I Winstanley, W. P. Cosgrove and W. J.
j Eakeneld.
' jMr. Brown was selected as foreman
:"cr the term.
' James Swope pleaded not guilty to
selling liquor to a soldier and trial was
; set for a later date. S. K. Williams
; will represent the prisoner,
i Emma Parker was fined $"0 on hei
j plea of guilty n a -charge of conduct-
ing a disorderly house within iivt
miles of an army post. She was rep
j resented by John T. Hushes,
j Lillie Chapman, similarly charged.
! changed her plea from not guilty to
j guilty and was sentenced to serve one
day in the Pima county jail. A similar
LOST .
LOST Lady's purse containing nione;
and postofiice key, between IJou Luii
postoflice and Lowell. Return to Re
view and receive reward. 35(
LOST Bunch of keys, niarkr-d C. E
. Hicks. Leave at Review Office. 71
' ;
Miscellaneous
EXPERT paper hanger and painter. C
J. Brandt. Phone 456, Box 150. 7f
: WE do general hou.se cleaning, solder
j ing, plumbing, repairing furniture
J stoves and painting. Phone 742, Giin
enes. Reasonable pr'ces. 51
j
erf ? - &
Iff H,
ft':AW'0
x;l I
i.' .
i v jwniitfnti-
4
sentence waB Imposed upon Goldie LEGAL NOTICES
! May Hansen. The women had been -r- i .
nearly two mon.hs in the county jail house in the city of Tjmbstone, Co
awaiting trial. j j eh!e courty, state of Arizona, to sho v
1 The t'Jiiiplaints ayainst the following ', au:.e vhy an- order should not te
.were dismissed, the men baving been ,fciuted to said admini-tr-tor, to bell
turned over to military camps or au
tliorities. or otherwise disposed of:
J Albert Piua and other, Alejandro
Earrtn and others, Ambrose Dlnza
boom. to cases; J. D. Ritter, Moseley
Crawford. Francisco Sais, David Velas
quez, bail exonerated; Merion Paul,
.Martin O'Day, Lawrence Leyden and
Henry B. Forry, McHenry O'Parham,
George J. Wellnitz. Louis J. Echiberin,
Howard Hickman, Jose Almeda, James
Russell Moore, Frank Royer and John
Fiegel, Antonio Agirsch and Juan Re
dondo. The case against Fred X. Thompson,
defended by Johiah Ide, appointed
counsel, was set for trial November 8;
the case against H. L Taylor, defended
by Joun T. Hughes, was set for the
same day; that against L. Baudd was
set for November 9. with W. P. Miller
as his attorney. The suit of Kuchan
against the United Verde Copper com
pany was postponed until November
18.
j The government's suit against Lloyd
! Cootney was deferred in one case.
Cootney will be defended in a sec'jnd
!case on November 8 by George Hilzin
. ger.
ESPEE DIVIDED.
! (By Review Leased Wire.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 7. The
Southern Pacific company declared its
usual quarterly dividend of $1.50 a
I share, payable January 2, 1918, to
stockholders of record November 30.
LEGAL NOTICES
025782025876
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Intencr, U. S. land
office at Phoenix. Arizona, Octobei
I 27, 1917.
j . Notice is hereby given that Ira E
: Loom is of Buena, Arizona, who on Sep
j tember 25. 1914, made homestead entr
No. 025782, for wl-2 ne 1-4. sel-4 nwl-4.
nwl-4 so 1-4, sec. 27; on October 12,
1914, H. E. 025867 for el-2 nel-4, nel-4
sel-4, sw 1-4 sel-4, sec 27, township 21-
range 21-e, meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make three year pi'jof, tc
establish claim to thel andabove de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S
commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 4th day of December, 1317.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Wm. A. Morris, of Buena, Arizona,
Frank B. Moson of Lewis Springs.
Arizona.
Cassius R. Kn'jles, of Buena, Ariz.
Paul H. KnJIes of Buena, Arizona.
JOHN L. 1RVIN,
Register
First Publication, Ooctober 30, 1917.
Advertisement-201
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, V. S. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, October
13. 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Freder
ick J. Murrell of Hereford, Arizona,
who, on September 1, 1910, made Here
ford, Arizona, No. 012016, for NW1-4,
section 28, township 23S., range, 22E..
0. & S. R. B. & Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make five year
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before J. D. Taylor.
II. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona
on the 23 rd day of November, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Efdward Wilcox, John C. Calhoun.
William A. White, Chas. A. Martin,
Ml of McNeal, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
Fiist Publication October 17, 1917.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
In the county of Cochise, State of Ari
zona. In the matter cf the estate of Mary
1. Cunningham, deceased, order to
show cause w hy order 'of sa'e of real
estate should not be made.
It appearing to this court, by the p?'
tition this day presented and filed by
M. J. Cunningham, the administrator o'
the estate of Mary I. Cunningham, de-
ceased, that it is for. the best inuretts ;
of the estate to sell the whole of soni'j'
portion of the real estate o sald de-j
cedent. '
It is therefjre ordered by this court: i
that all persons interested in the es-
taie of said deceased appear before the
superior court on Saturday, 1st day
ot December, A. D.. 1917. at he hour of
10 o'clock a. m., of said day. at the
court l'jom of said court at the court
so much of the said real estate as shall
be necessary and that a copy of this
order be published four successive
weeks In the Bisbee Daily Review, a
newspaper printed and published in
the said county jf Cochise.
Dated, October 27, 1917.
ALFRED C. LOCKWOOD,
Judge of the superior court.
First publication, October 31. 1917.
Advertiseraent-224
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3374.
Serial No. 036635.
United States Land Office, Phoenix,
October 31, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that R. A.
Bretherton and C. M. Henkel, co-owners,
whose postofiice address is Bisbee,
Arizona, have made application for
patent for the following named lode
mining claims, situated in the Warren
Mining District, Cochise county, Arizo
na, in Sections 13 and 14. Township 23
S, Range 24-E, unapproved, G. & S. R.
B. & M.. described as follows, io-wit:
ROCKLAND" Beginning at t'orner
No. 1, the S. E corner, whence the
Wl-4 cor. sec. 18 T. 23-S. R. 25-, G. &
S. R. B. & M. bears S.78 58' E. 3233.9
feet; thence N. 83 34' W, 1158.70 feet
to corner No. 2; thence N. 78 20' W.,
447.50 feet to corner No. 3; thence N.
2 14' W. 574 feet to corner No. 4;
thence S. 83 34' E. 1.500 feet to cor
aer No. 5; thence S. 2 o4' E 606 feel
o t'orner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 18.658 acres
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey No. 3158, Rolla lode o(
l.858 acres.
"BLACK BEN." Beginning at cor
ner No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence the
vVl-4 cor. of Sec. 18. T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G.
& S. R. B. & M. bears S. 80 03' E.
1737.2 feet; thence N. 78 20' W. 1150.
30 feet to corner No. 2; thence N. 65
23' W. 377.80 feet to corner No. 3;
.hence N. 2 04' W. 530.40 feet to cor
ner No. 4; thence S. 78 20' E. 1500
i'eet to corner No. 5; thence S. 2 04'
. 617.60 feet to corner No. 1, the place
it beginning, containing a net area of
i0.112 acres, expressly excluding ares
n conflict with Sunshine lode of this
iurvey of 0.208 acres.
"SUNSHINE. Beginning at cornel
No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence the W
1-4 cor of Sec. 18, T. 23-S, R. 25-E, G.
S. R. B. & M. bears S. 78 51' E 6.
:56 feet; thence S. 82 04' W. 959.3C
.'eet to corner No. 2; thence N. 1 41'
3. 600 feet to corner No. 3; thence N.
IV 48' E. 960.10 feet to corner No. 4;
hence S. V 40' W. 604.50 feet to cor
.ier No. 1, the place of beginning, cou
aining a net area of 12.860 acres, ex
sressly excluding aera In conflict witl
Survey No. 2412. Apache lode of 0.217
icrej.
The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the office of the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise county, Arizo
.ia, as follows:
Rockland, Book 49, Record of Mines
page 137.
Black Ben. Book 49, Record of Mine: j
page 132.
Sunshine. Book 49, Record of Mine:
page 139.
The names 'jt the adjoining claims tc
this survey are; on the north, Survej
No. 2412, Apache lode; Neglected ant
Annn, unsurveyed; owned by applicant
(herein; Warren lode, unsurveyed; or
'the East Survey No. 3158. Rolla lode;
on the South Survey No. 1794, Grenrel"
lode; Survey No. 2176, Carmelita ant
Corona i'jdes; Survey No. 2221 Shat
tuck No. 2: and Survey No. 3155, Car
melita and Corona lodes on the Wes'
Survey No. 1794. Calumet lode.
J. L IRWIN, Register.
First publication, Nov. 7. 1917.
Last publication, Jan 16, 1918.
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING
Notice Is hereby given that the annu 1
al meeting- "ot the stockholders of the j
Wolverine & Arizona Mining Companj ;
will be held at the office of the com j
pany, Bisbee, Arizona, Wednesday, ;
November 14th, 1917, at 12 o'clock m..
for the election of nine directors for!
the ensuing year, and for the transac
tlon of such business as may lawfullj !
come before the meeting. I
Transfer bfjoks will close Monday.
October 29, 1917, and will open agaic
Thursday, November 15th. 1917. I
Dated Calumet Michigan, Octobei J
17tb. 1917. j
CHARLES CHYNOWETH.
Secretary.
Lodge
BISBEE LODGE. NO. 718.
leets every Friday night. Moose HalL
isltlng brothers cordially Invited.
V. R. TONKIN. Dictator.
KAY KOSS. Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meet la Medlgovicl?
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month
Visiting brothers wet
come.
P. D. LANE. Councillor.
J. L. BENTON, Recording Secretary
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 210.
Meets la L O.
O. P. Hall first
and third
MONDAY
at 7:30 p. m
Visiting broth
en cordially
Invited to "at
tend
SLEEMAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretar
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee. .
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E,. meet
Iret and third MONDAYS. 8. p. to.
Ragles Hall. Visiters cordially wel
ome.
IICHARD DAVIS. President
C. L EDMONSON. Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) In Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially Invited.
."RANK BRUNING. C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM, K. of R. S.
LEGAL NOTICES
021399-026606
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Jepartment of the Interlfer, L. 3. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, October
O, 1911.
Notice is hereby given that Caslmirl
1. Williams of Ft. Huachuca, Arizona,
vho, on February 24, 1913, made home- j
;tead entry. No. 021399, for Nl-2, NE1-4 ,
N'l 2 NW1-4. Sec. 34 and Add". H. E '
26606. for Sl-2 SE1-4, Sl-2 SW1-4. Sec. :
:7. township 22S. range 21E. Q. S. R.t
n, I
i. & meridian, has filed notice of Inten
.ion to make three year prcof, to es
ablish claim to the land above de
scribed, before J. D. Taylor, TJ. S. Com
nissiouer, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the
tlst day of November 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Chester A. Nelson, William A. Lytle,
'art Carlson. Gerrit Whitefoot, all of
lereford, Arizona. 1
I. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First Publication, October 16, 1917
Last Publication, November 20, 1917.
021529.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
department bf the Interior, V. S. Land '
Office at Phoenix, Arizona,. October
6, 1917. j
Notice is hereby given that Julius :
3. ltaase, of Hereford, Arizona, who,:
m March 4, 1914, made homestead en-'
try. No. 024529 for SE1-4 Section 19,'
Township 23S, Range 22E., G. S. R. .
3. A Meridian, has filed notice of in-'
tention to make three year proof. rt es
tablish claim to the land above
de-1
scribed, before J. D. Taylor. U. S. Com
iiissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the'
20th day of November, 1917. J
Claimant names as witnesses: j
Herman Haase, Samuel C. Giles..
iicux, rr&n- ludw, an oi
Hereford. Arizona.
J. L IRVIN.
Register.
First Publication. October IS, 1917
Last Publication, November 21. 1917.
x-
ti
Notices
WEEX ENDING, NOV. 10, 1317.
Monday.
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Chap. Reg.
N. C.
B. T.
A M
C. P.
BLEDSOE, W. M.
W ATKINS, Secy. P. 4 A. ML
COLWELL. E. H. P.
PHILBROOK. T. L It
J. E. FRY, E. C
P S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Charter
tad Commander.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary ConncfL
t. r. b,
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Biabee Lodge No.
463 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medlgo
vich HalL VIbIL-
Ing members cordially Invited.
PHIL. DAVIS, President
MRS. C E. FINOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722. TeL 236, Red.
KATHERLVE SALHOLM, Secretary.
LODGE NO. en.
Rejolar meeting first and third PrV
y of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
R E. WARNER. Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY. Secretary.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple, No. Sjaeets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of eacn
month at Odd Fellows' HalL Visiting
sister are cordially Invited.
ANNA HART, M.E.C
JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. C
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meet in Medlgovlca Hall 2nd and
th Friday of each month.
H-TT1E A. LUKE. Guardian.
I PATTTJVic v HBflWV ft,i.
P. O. Box 621.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECUR
ITY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115
Meets every Second and Fourth Sat
urdays in the month at I. O. O. F.
halL 7:30 p. m. Visiting members ar
cordially Invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID. President, P. O
. Box 3483. LowelL Arix.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary, Lb welt
e. L1NDQUIST,
nancial Secxetarr. P. O. Bo 3tUfi
'
Lowttt.
BISBEE LODGE. No. 10, I. O. O. F.
Meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellow HalL
juain street at 7:00 p. m. VlslLag
brother cordially invited to a'tena.
Hall phone 1X.
GEO. MUNSEY. N. G.
CD. KXRBY. Secretary.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meet first and third
Thursdays at 7:40 p. m.
ln Medlgovlch HalL kO
visiting Re- Men Invited
to attend.
Wm. DELBRIDGE. Sachem.
W. D. COHEN, Medicine Man.
P. a FENDERSON. C. of R. .
! MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellow HalL
R. L MOTT, Conrd.
H. F MATHEWSON.
Clark.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meet in Masonic Hal
Peart Chapter, No. S. meet
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of cac
month at 7:30 p. m -
MRS. ANNA C RICHARDS. W. M.
Phone Z3U. f. u. box bi. aisoee.
MRS JESSE BEVAN, Sec'y. P. O. Box
2299, Chairman Relief Com. Phone 16L
WOODMEN OF THE WOLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wetyesday
at 7:30, Brophy HaU.
H. C. LANDAU. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk
All Woodmen Invited
BvCA. VCir.WT
is.: EIGHT
IN
LOVE'S STRUGGLE THROUGHOUT 'THE AGES
Matinee Today at 12 M. Matinee Today at 12 M.
Ancient Babylon, theFamous feast of Belshazzar, ToweringlValls,HangingGardens,125,000People, 7000 Horses, 1500 Chariots
Dancers of the Orient in Their Luxurious Environments, Judea's Beautiful Simplicity of the Christian Era, Mediaeval Paris
and Court of Charles IX Linked with the Modern Story of Today.
All Seats for Night Performance Reserved. An Elaborate Music Score
FIRST TIME SHOWN AT THESE PRICES:
Admission, Nights 25c, 35c, 50c, 75c, $1.00 Matinee 25c and 50c. Night Performance Begins 8 P. M. Matinee 12 M.
O RP H EDM THEATRE
Eagle Theatre
The House of Comfort
TRIANGLE KAY -
WILLIAI1
IN
A Wonderplay in
Also
Pass
of
A DOG IN THE MANGER
A Charles Hoyt Comedy in Tk-o Reels
PAT HE NEWS No. 84, 'Shoving Current Events.
ADMISSION 10
Business Locals
L. L. Gilman sells the New Edison,
"the phonograph with a soul."
THE PIE SHOP.
(Opposite Mascnic Temple.)
On Wednesdays (wheatless days)
try our corn bread aid Fridays' (meat
less days) oyster patties. At any and
all times, see us for home made cooked
pastries. Adv-83
Three months for
See your carrier.
$2.00 Review.
The
LYRIC
Beautiful
Continuous From 1 To 10 P. M.
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
ANNA NILSSON
And
ROSE COGHLAN
In "HER SURRENDER"
VTTAlSArHCOM
ADMISSION
Reserved Seats 20c
Lower Floor 10c
Balcony : Be
The Most
D.
i ;
Continuous from 1 to 11
BEE PRESENTS
Five Great Acts.
AND 15 CENTS
Dr. E. R. Carpenter, Eye, Ear, Nose
and Throat Douglas every
day. Office, Room No. 19,
Building. 1
Wednes
Megulre 476
R. R. WATCH INSPECTORS
Prompt repairing, careful workman i
ship, courteous treatment. Lowell
Jewelry Sbtop. Adv. S86
See your carrier Two dollars for
thrie months three months for $2.00
Review.
SELECT DANCE
Every Sunday night, Pythian Castle, O.
K. street. Invitations obtained from
Committee or at the door. Adv 674
Two dollar for three months Re-j
view. See your carrier.
When vonr tooth aches, see a den-!
tlst.
When your battery is ailing, see j
battery experts.
Willard Service Sta-
tion, LbwelL
Adv.-360
The Monkey Club dance, Saturday
evening, November 10, at Brophy halL
All members and friends invited. 8:30
p. m. Adv-72
Are you planning to take the Re
view? Subscribe NOW. Read the list
of boys who are working for the Re
view cash prizes, given for the great
est number of new subscriptions.
It will pay yon to nave us check the
I "lectrical system on your car. Loh
man Wright, Lowell. Adv.-360
Dr. Tlayfatr, Osteopath, 98 Maston
Hill. Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647.
dv. 201
Review is offering $50.00 to boy se
curing the greatest number of new
I subscribers. Subscribe now.
BESMD
the
THE BISBEE
Magnificent Production of All Time
W. Griffith's Colossal $2,000,000 Spectacle
o
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
Stags Line.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
dally at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co., Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. Night tele
phone. Green 368. 87X
(Advertisement;
MADAM CAGNEY
1 Reads your destiny. Call before1
making changes or new investments.
In a tent across from Central Theatre.
Adv-47
PRIVATE SANITARIUM.
Call Black 573 for terms, etc.
Advertisement-974
Review being offered to new sub
scribers for $2.00, 3 months. Look this
up. Help some boy win $50.00.
ROCKHILL'S STAGE.
Bisbee-Tombstone, Leaves Bisbee
BIsbee Auto Co., 7 a. m., 1:30 p. m. 7
passenger cars. Careful drivers,
Phone, Bisbee 5.
Adv
! NOW HERE. I
Dr. Sehell, the well known optome-;
trist and 'optician of Tucson will re- j
j main at the Copper Queen hotel until
Thursday evening only. Accurately j
i titling glasses guaranteed. Evenings;
until 8. Special attention to children's
; eyes. Adv-107.
I Fruitman Fashionable Ladies' Tailors
j specializing in women's suits. Furs of
j every description reiined and rer.iotf-
eled.
C. A.
Phone Black
798, opposite Y. M.
Aiv-761
MADAM J. REA KEYS
At the St Regis Hotel, j
Room 10. Lowell, Arizona. I
PHRENOLOGIST .' ASTROLOGlST j
The greatest living spiritually or-j
dained medium and crystal reader. I
Without asking Questions I will read
I your entire life. If you dobut my abi- j
j lty, call and I will give you positive j
I evidence in your own life. 1 am not to :
I be compared with fortune tellers and !
! such like, impostors whto prey upon
i the public with their unprincipled i
methods. Engagement hours daily '
, and Sunday, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Advertisement-208
I NEED GLASSES?
See Dr- Schell the optometrist
otl
Tucson at the Copper Queen hotel on ,
nls regular visit unui i nursuay een-
ing only. Evenings until 8. Special
attention to children's eyes. Adv-106
Expert paper hanger ana painter. C
J. Brandt. Phone 456. Box 150. 580
Need Glasses? See Dr. Schell, tlie !
optician of Tucson. At Copper Queen I
hotel today. Last day. Adv.-108
Reject Single Tax.
(By Review Leased Wire.
PUEBLO, Colo.. Nov. 7 Pueblo to
day rejected the proposed single tax
amendment to Its city charter by a
vote of 2 to 1. -Two amendments pro
posing an entire change in city gov
ernment from the present commission
form to that of commis sioner city man
ager were defeated by approximately
the same majority. James Iovern and
Mike Studzlnski were chosen city
commissioners although the race was
close.
DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY
OR
City Briefs
Has anyone visited youT Or ,
have you entertained? If so, call j
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell :
- the Society Editor. Phone 39. .
'!
LEFT FOR OKLAHPMA j
W. T. King and wife left yesterday!
for Oklahoma City, where they ex-j
pect to make their future home. 1
IS IN LOS ANGELES j
Dr. Kdward Roome is in Los An-1
geles on a short pleasure trip. He
v.'ill be gone about a week or ten days.;
i
BACK FROM TUCSON
S. K. Williams bas returned from j
Tucson where he has been on business
before the United States court. !
LEFT FOR HOME j
Charles Mayer, president of the,
Miners' union, has returned to his
headquarters in Denver after a stay j
here of several days. ;
t
FROM RANCH
William Cowan was in the city yes
terday from his ranch east of this city.
He reports conditions in that vicinity
as being first class.
IS IN PHOENIX
E. E. Ellinwood of the firm of Ellin
wood & Ross is in Phoenix on legal
business for that firm.. He is expected
back this evening or tomorrow.
REMAINS ANOTHER DAY
Dr. Schell is remaining at the Cop
per Queen Hotel another day, being un
able to finish up his business here in
the time he had planned.
MEETING SATURDAY I
The Bisbee branch of the French i
Fatherless Children's association will
meet Saturday afternoon at 3 o'clock
at the Copper Queen hotel parlor. All '
members are urged to be present. I
ON WAY HOME
Attorney Alfred E. Sames and Fred
E. Cadwell of Douglas were In the
city yesterday afternoon on a short
visit, while on their way home to
Douglas. .
WAS RELEASED
. Mrs. Maud Wallace O'Neal was yes-,
terday released fi'Jm custody on a,
charge of selling intoxicating liquor,
her bond of $1,000 being approved by j
the court in Tombstone.
RETURNED HOME
Leslie Ruff and family left Tuesday
evening for Pig Springs. Texas where
they will again take up their resi
dence. They have been here for the
paBt year. Mr. Ruff is a brother of
Hill and Frank Ruff of this city.
VISITING FATHER
Miss Maude Johnson, daughter of
Gus Johnson of the r.isbee Fuel and
Feed Company, arrived yesterday from
Coi'mado. California, and will spend
the winter nitmths here with her fath
er. Miss Johnson was a former Bis
bee girl but for the past few years has
been making her home at the Corona
do Beach.
MORNING, NOVEMBER 8,
AN.C
IS IN AJO
Paul Stevens of the C. & A- com
pany is in Ajo for a few days on busi
ness connected with the New Corne
lia. He went over with Pat Nathan
last evening. .
IN FROM MOUNTAINS
J. H. James is spending a few days
in this city in from his present resi
dence in the Huacliura mountains. He,
reports considerable mining ac'.ivity
in that section. . i
LEFT FOR CALIFORNIA
A. T. Kolb, president of the Dragoon
Mountain Marble Company left last
night on the Golden State Limited .for
his h'jme in California where he will
remain for a few days before leaving
for the east in the interests of the com
pany. FROM TOMBSTONE
W. G. Gilmore and wife were in the
city yesterday from their home in
Tombstone. Mr. Gilmore was in the
city on legal business and Mrs. Gil
more improved the time shopping.
They returned home late in the even
ing.
BIG MINING. COURSE TODAY I
! Mr. Notman will lecture at the Y.'
M. C. A. tonight on Copper Mining'
: in the Y. M. C. A.'s course. The class
I will begin at 7 p. m.. and all miners'
of the district, as well as all the
others, are invited to attend. He will
make extensive use of the balopticon '
The afternoon class will not be held.'
TO ATTEND MEETING
Capt. S. P. Hodgson left this morn
ing for Tucson, where lie goes to at
tend a meeting of the regents of the
university which is called for this
pfternocn. It is understood that mat
ters Concerning the resignation of
President Von Klionsmid will come
before the meeting.
VISITED WILLCOX
The members of the board of super
visors, accompanied by 'the members
of the Coohise county road commis
sion, visited the county roads in the
vicinity of Willcox and Cochise on
Tuesday. They also were at Gleason,
Courtland and Pearce. These roads
are included in the bond issue plan.
WARREN REALTY DEAL
Another Warren real estate deaA
of importance was culminated the first
of the week when Robert Sasse of
Hisbee purchased the two-story brick
building just south of the A. G. Mc
Gregor building (formerly Cole-Ryan
block.) Mr. Sasse Is now out of town
rt his mining claims, and ii is there
fore impossible to state just what his
further plans in regard to the build
ing are.
JOINED THE OTHERS
Mrs. P. F. McEvoy has joined the
Arizona contingent at Rodeo, leaving
some time during Tuesday ntsht with
hi r husband, who came nfter her. She
was allowed a chance to get bond on
the charge of bootlegg'nir and went to
Rodeo to get the bond. There is but
Utile chance of her being back hTf
for trial very soon. Half of the resi
dents of Rodeo are citizens of Co
chise coenty that are there on account
of bootlegging.
1917.
Central
TONIGHT Starting 6:15
Wallace Reid &
IN
AN UNUSUAL AND EXCITING STORY OF
WES TERN LIFE IN FIFE ACTS
MUSIC BY CENTRAL ORCHESTRA
ADMISSION 10
COMES FROM MORENCI
A. L. Livingston, who was connect-'
ed with the Phelps Dodge corporation
at MorencI for the past ten years, has'
severed his connections there and has
accepted one here with the Copper
Queen company. !
ORDERED OFF ..;
Walter Bowman and associates, who
bad been working on a sheeiite prop-,
erty on the edge of thej Fort Huachu-I
ca military reservation, were ordered
to stop work and remove their effects.
The order was put into effect by a
squad of colored soldiers of the 10th
cavalry. According to reports, it did
not take Walters and bis partners
long to move. i j
FROM AJO
Pat Nathan and wife of Ajo are
spending a few days here on a visit.
Thev formerly resided in this city. Mr.'
Nathan Is at present in charge of the
New Cornelia Company's store at Ajo
and came here l'Jr the purpose of con
ferring with some of the company of
ficials. They have many friends here
who are always glad to have them vis
it the district.
BACK FROM TRIP
' W. D. Meyer, general manager of
the Phelps Dodge store here, has re
turned from a trip to Morenci. where
he went on business connected with
the branch store at that place. Mr.
Meyer has charge of the various stores
of the corporation during the absence
of William Brophy In France.
LAST NIGHT
Tonight terminates the last four
days', gala event at Lowell, and the
last night no doubt will see the banner
crowd of the four days, and as the
encasement of the Wortham Bros.'
Phows has been short all attractions
will open especially early anil rmviin
open lite so every one may have
(nni!gh time to see nil of the per
formances at the IS tented theatre.
The big show train leaves early in
the morning for Phoenix to furnish all
amusement for the Arizona state fair
to be held next reek.
Theatre
TONIGHT
Myrtle Sfedman
AND 15 CENTS
ARGUMENTS HEARD
Judge Baxter of Yuma county was
In Tombstone yesterday ou the bench
In the superior court to hear the argu
ments in the county seat removal pe
titions. Five lawyers from Douglas
were there to present the side of the
petitioners. They argued that Judge
O'Connor did not have authority to
issue the writ of prohibition to pre
vent the call of the election on the
ground that he was not in his own
district at the time order was issued.
This contention was overruled by the
court. The case will now be sub
mitted to Judge Baxter on briefs. O.
Gibson appeared for the Tombstone
citizens.
TODAY
BLUEBIRD PHOTOPLAYS, Inc.
Introduce
The Dainty Child Impersonator
. ELLA HALL
In the Clever Comedy-Drama
"THE CHARMER"
The Story of a Little Orphan who
Won Her Way to Hapninesa
Through a Lucky Turn
of the Wheel of
Fortune
Continuous Show 12 to 10 p. m.
COMING TOMORROW
Another Famous O. Henry Story
-FRIENDS IN SAN ROSARIO"
"THE WIDE WRONG WAY"
Featuring Marguerite Clayton and
- Lillian Drew
IS MARRIAGE SACRED
Lon Marks and Pearl Shepard
In
"A BOARDING HOUSE BATTLE"
ROYAL
THEATRE
( ;
I
4