jImI mv if 4
Two
A
Sixteen
Pages
Sections
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 2C. No. 128.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 4, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
&
ITALY HOLDS
LINE INTACT
01 BANKS OF
LARGE RIB
Cadorna's Forces Are Able to
Stand on the Banks of the
Tagliamento. Germans
Complete Short Retirement
(By Review Leased Wire.)
Standing on the line of the Taglia
mento. General Cadorna has so far
been able to hold intact his north and
south front along the river, despite
several attempts by the Austro-Ger-
man invaders of ndrthern Italy to ef
fect a crossing.
It is pointed out that the new Ital
ian tront. although the enforced re
tirement to it was marked by heavy
losses in men and material, affords
the strategic advantage of being
straighter and shorter than the old
JJne and therefore theoretically is
easier to defend.
Flank Is Menace.
With the known strong concentra
tion of Austrian and German forces
against the Italians, however, there
exists the menace to this line of aJ
flanking thrust from the north, whence
a heavy blow is not an unlikely de
velopment, provided the Teutonic in
tention is to pursue the campaign in
Italy beyond the stage already reached.
Retirement Effected.
Berlin announces the completion by
the Germans of the withdrawal of the'r
line from the Ohemin des Dames p!a-j
teau. The Paris account of the move-
ment snows the German retirement
to have extended along a 13-mile front
from the Oise-Ainse canal to Corbeny.
The crown prince withdraws his lines
a maximum distance of a mile to the
north bank 'of the Ailette, command
ing the approaches to the fortress of
Laon, the keystone of the Germau line
in this region.
This movement was coviously forced
by the recent success of the French
in their drive southwest of Laon which
gave them enfilading positions for
their guns and made a large section
of the German lines untenable.
American prisoners have been tak
en by the Germans. Berlin mentioned
this briefly today, stating that the
raptures were the result of a recon
noitring thrust at the Rhlne-Marne
canal, which crosses the French front
near the German border 20 . miles
northeast of Luneville. No announce
ment regarding the captures had been
received in 'Washington from General
Parshing at a late hour.
British Ships Successful.
British naval operations, were car
Vied successfully into the Cattegat,
where a German auxiliary cruiser,
armed with six-inch guns and ten
armed German patrol craft were de
stroyed without losses to the British.
News dispatches from
Copenhagen
give details of the incident and an
nounce the arrival of survivors from
the German raider on Danish soil.
British destroyers, it is stated, accom
plished this destructive work.
Other news dispatches from the
Danish capital report also the destruc
tion of the German auxiliary cruiser
Marie by British destroyers, 30 mem
bers of the cruiser's crew being killed
and a number wounded.
TO WIN WAR
By Review Leased Wire)
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 3. To win
the war the United States must devise
a system of economic, financial and in
dustrial stra.egy that will unite the
whole nation and its energies as a
ba.sH for the armies in the field, A. C. and Austria are making strenuous ef
Miller of the federal reserve board said t forts to further the pacifist conference
todav at the war finance conference of
the American Academy of Political and
Social Science.
Mr. Miller uointed Out that at least ,
fif.ecn million nun will have to labor
in the United States at the exclusive !
task of maintaing and equipping the
military forces of America and the al
lies. COALITION CABINET.
MADRID, Nov. 3. -A monarchial-na-:
tional coalition cabinet has ticen
trwrri cA lip 1arnnla Manuel f!arM:l ,
Prieto de Alhuemas. who takes the
post of premier.
The cabinet comprises three denio-iman
crats, two Catalanists, two friends of,
Maura, one friend of Romanones and
one independent.
Sabotage
(By Review Leased Wire.)
HAVRE, Nov. 3. The Belgium
4 government continues to receive
details of the German systematic
destruc'.icn of manufacturing plants
in Belgium. Organized wrecking
crews have br'f-n ent,ai;ed in dis
man.ling blast furnaces..
Seven out of eleven rolling mills
at Cisg"ee Marihuye
carried off.'
hae b:en
OPERATORS TALK
I!
THE COMMISSI
Old Tune Miners of the War
ren District Expected to Re
ceive An Audience Today.
Commission's Departure Is
Uncertain.
Conferences with the operators of
the Warren District took up, practiclly, j
theentire day yes;erday, of President j
Wilson's labor commission which is, in
Bisbee. Today at 11 o'clock old time
miners of the cams, men who have
worked here for years, expect to have
an audience with the visitors.
TuOugh no forecast can be made it
is thought in some circles that the
commission may canclude its work by
this evening. U would appear that
any thought of going direct to San
Francisco has been abandoned as Sec
retary of Labor Wilson, head of the
commission, has telegraphed IV) the
federal conciliator, Verner S. Reed, of
the telephone strike, stating that ;he
commission would not be able to reach
San Francisco for two weeks.
Yesterday the com- mission made pub
lic several telegrams which are of in
terest. The first is the announcement
.O I'rcc'r'T vmWji jf hc Clif'Ti.-Vo-renci-Metcalf
strike settlement and the
ether is the answer received from the
president.
They follow:
Clifton, Arizona, Oct. 31, 1917.
The President,
The White House,
Washington, D. C.
I am glad to be able to report the
settlement reached by your commis
sion, which will result in the prompt
resumption Of work at the mines in
the Clifton-Morencl-Metcalf district
which have been Idle since the first of
July. This means the normal produc
tion of about ten million pounds of
copper per month, and the employment
of over live thousand men.
The speedy settlement here was pos
sible because of the spiri! of co-operation
with which the commission was
met both by the managers, the national
as well as the local leaders of the
strikers, and the patriotic service ren
dered by Judge Ernest W. Lewis, of
Arizona. The commission is now pro
ceeding to Bisbee.
W. B. WILSON.
The Whit4 House.
Washington. D. C, Nov. 1, 1917
Hon. William B. Wilson.
Secretary of Labor. Bisbee. Ariz.
My warmest thanks for your cheer-
Mng telegram bout the Clifton-Morenci-
Metcalf settlement. I warmly con
gratulate you and beg that yOuwill
convey to Judge Lewis an expression
of my warmest appreciation.
WOODROW WILSON.
RETIRED GENERAL DIES.
(By Review' Leased. Wire).
BUFFALO, A'. V., Nov. 3. Briga
dier General Henry C. Hodges,, IT. S.
A., retired, died here today. He was
86 years of age and was graduated
from West Point military academy in
1870.
PEACE PROPAGANDA.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 3. Germany
to be held at Berne, November 12 to
discuss a basis for an honorable peate, i
according to an official cablegram re
ceived here today from Zurich. Switz-i
erland.
'
SOLDIER SUSPECTED
j
PLATTSBUrtG. N. Y.. Nov. 3. Prl-
vate Wood of the 16th United States
field artillery, stationed at the officers'
training camp here. Is under military
arrest on suspicion of being Implicat-
ed in the killing of about 20 army
hnrsps Hurlncr tha last four u nfiL a
Wood admitted he is a member of1
.the I. W. W. It is reported that the!
is serving in the army under an
assumed name and th.it he is a de-
serter from the Colorado state
WITH MEMBERS OF
ON
1
RAIDERS
ARE SUNK IN
ENGAGEMENT
IS
One Auxiliary German Crui -
er and Ten Patrol Craft Is
Sunk By English Destroyers
.1 r
Ln the Kattegat Near;
Sweden.
LONDON. Nov 3. Thirty nifn on
the German auxiliary cruiser Marie I
of Flensburg were killed in an engage- i
ment with British destroyers, accord-!
WITH
ing to an Exchange Telegraph dispatch ! Ktrtion in a new wae contract ofiis reconstituted, with regiments, bri
from Copenhagen. I provisions penalizing strixes and Iock-U'au"s and uivi.oiis reformed and Its
The Marie a 3.000 ton vessel, met
the Brtish destroyers twelve
miles
tiooh of KuJlen. She immediately
opened fire, which was answered by
10 minutes, the
the destroyers. In
Marie was ablaze.
LONDON. Nov. 3.-A statement by
the British admiralty says:
runner reouris rum uui tea
in the Cattegat have been received.
.
We destroyed a German auxiliary
cruiser armed with six-inch guns and
we also destroyed the armed patrol
croft. Sixty-four prisoners have been
rescued by our forces. No British
losses have been reported.
'Further details will be published
ot11Y. f fnrn n ihir
on the return of our forces to their
base-
HAD NO FLAGS.
LON!X)N, NrJ 3. Accorling to tha
Copenhagen correspondent of tl.e Cen
tral News the German vessels were
displaying no flag. When the British
signalled them to show their colors,
the German cruiser opened fire, at tha
same time bringing out the German en
sign. The bodies of many Germans
auready have been washed ashore on
the Swedish coast.
ONE CAPTAIN RESCUED.
COPENHAGEN", Nov. 3. Captain.,
Lauterbach.who commanded the Ger -
man auxiliary cruiser Marie, in a
statemen to, the NV-i ional Tide,ndef
said his vessel was armed with four
guns and carrie d a crew of 90. She
was suddenly attacked in the Cattegat
and the shells fell with such rapidity
ttat his men were virtually unable to
work the guns, and after a few shots
the vessel was a mass of flames.
The British destroyers then ceased
firing and rescued about 30 men. The
captain, who was wounded, and 15
men, succeeded in entering a lifeboat
and were picked up by a Danish
steamer. The rest of the crew was
killed during the fight.
FIGHT WITNESSED
COPENHAGEN, Nov. 3.-Two
Da li
ish steamers that witnessed
the eu-
..... ... . ..
gagement arrived touigiu wan 1 sur-
vivors of the crew of the German raid- mediately the government would use
tr Crocodile. The fate of the xea.ain- f P" of the law to insure max-
tier of the Cioccdiie's crew and of theiimum coal production. Dr. Garfield .
crews of the. trawlers is not known, wou-u noi say io...i.i4 -....
One of the Danish sailors gave thcili ake if the miners slay out, but
following account of the incident: (' "wn that he has lilted
On Thursdav night at 10 o'clcok! President Wilson and Attorney Gen
torpedo boats ' of undetermined na-ral Gregory and is ready to act if.
tionality were passed by the steamer nion. the occasion demand.
ion whicn the narrator wrs a seaman.
At 8 o'clock tnis morning cannonad- luel '
ing was heard. Shortly afterward! PartR ,f Ka"8" m'nH
British ds.royers steamed by, bound "t,10Ut an1 thait P"b,iC "i hl"
westward. A little while later British j 8l,sPPn'' un,ess : ""f U
destroyers were sighted firing west-!afrorded BOOn-
ward at five German trawlers, which
were burning fiercely. There were no!
signs of life on board. All oT them
sank ln sight of the Danes. Fifteen
minutes later they passed the Croco
dile- 'hich was likewise aflame and
soon sank-
The steamer
cruised about andjSunday. ch is his name day. will
found a
found a single survivor clinging to
.--j...-:--.. ...
pianK anil a oioo'iniauieu niipiy jam
r
from the Crocodile. The survivor was
too exhausted to give a coherent ac-
count of the battle, but said that the
yawl had contained 20 men, most of
them wounded, who had been picked
up by another Danish ship. The
Crocodile, which was a new vessel.
had been disguised as a neutral mer-'D. I'rotopopoli. ex-nnnisu-r oi me i..
hantmnn ami mrrifrf 3 deckload of.torior under the late monarchy, l.i.s
casks. She probably was engaged in I
an attempt to slip through the British j
'cordon and gain the open sen.
The second Danish steamer arrived'
mlli-.soon after the first with the 20 sur
1V
vivors from the yawl.
IK
)EFY WISH
OF GARFIELD
ON CONTRACT
j Striking Miners' Represenla -
tives Quit Meeting and!
Leave for Home. Fuel Ad- j
ministrator Deterrrined on
Plin. j
i
COA
(By Review Leased Wire.) I ITALIAN HEADQUARTERS IN
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3. Southwest-j NORTHERN ITALY, NOv. 3. (By The
ern coal miners representatives de-! Associated Press. After trials such as
fled Fuel Administrator Garfield here a greaT. military body ha seldom ex
today tind refused to-agree to the in-i perienced, the new Italian army today
outs- I
outs.
A rta niAMi .li.
I r- i"""ns mis mura -
inir the mlrer ahnmtl., hr.iiro ,.a
!fi(nfat:ons with Dr.' Garfleid and opera-
iters and left for their ho:iie ti.; r.ft.
ernoon. announcing they would call
(general convention
i miners to meet in
of southwestern !
Kansas C'ltv on
i i" ,!;.. ,u i, ....
.Member 12 10 ""-cuss the situation.
Sixty Mines Idle
. t
, aim it io that riiA r tint nn ho.i
! veiope seriously. Sixty mines nowl!ract,I,n:0 U'e "ew p'lion f?f th,?
. . . Tagliamento river, after extricating it
are ,a,e u Kansas ana m ners through-i
';lt Lt' rr "aies lnvolvef-Kansar.
. . . , ,
are threatening to str.ke ,.uTcm thy
are givr-n .militate w:.ge lcor.-x-.fs.
io conirac;s granting wage inc-
creases will be approved by the gov -
emment. Dr. Garf.eld Insists, unless I
rpnnltv nlniiRAa nr ItiRPrtpri Ciiftlior'
" j aujn to tne enormous stores, guns ana
Dr Garfie,d wm nM apply tQ thei th jn the of g
Isouthwest the recent 45 cenis a tonlvioIen, bon,bardment and infantry
! raise in coal prkes v. hich was de-rusnes bv tne enen.v in front. on tlie
j signed to fchtsorb wsc increases, un
lcs tr.f, miners -
e- to terms.
'1 sind abso.i.ely firm.'
said tonight "The penal'y clause
must be put In exactly as indicated.
I have nothing to add to that.'
Operators' representatives said to
night they would agree to any kind
of a penalty provision Garfield de
manded. The wage increase they had
agreed to give to the men, they said,
cculd not be 'advanced unless the
mines received the 45-cent increase in
coal prices.
Wage increases sought by the south-
western miners are based; on increases
agreed on recently by operators and
union heads in the central competi
tive field. The central field contract
contains provisions for automatic pen
alties and was approved by Garfield,
who recommended to President Wil
son the 43-cent coal price increase.
Under the penalty provisions miners
who strike without cause would be
fined $1 a day each, and operators
hocking but men without cause would
pay a fine of $2 for each man not
working.
The current southwestern contract
provides a 50cent fine for men refus
ing to work, but the clause is so
worded. It is claimed, that collection
is Impossible.
Ready to Act
Miners who s'ruck recently in I1H-
nois fields were told by Garfield that
'If AlA n hrat tr. wnrV iin-
. a ! U ...U nninn V A
..l...!uI,.(..tl,.. .AA Vln In
NEW TITLES POSSIBLE
(By Review Leased Wire.)
AMSTERDAM. Nov. 3. The Munich
Neuste Nachrichten prints a report
jfrom Vienna that Emperor Charles on
a be proclatmea King oi ro.am. n .
ilruler of th south Slav states. These
.. . ...
..... t 1 I. n . .1 4 will reit'ti 1 V
states, it is added, will receive a cer
tain measure of autonomy.
PROTOPOPOFF INSANE.
(Bv Review Leased Wire.)
PETROGRAD, Nov. 3. Alexander
been pronounced insane by a mediefll
commission of inquiry.
WEATHER.
Sunday and Monday, fair;
Monday.
cooler on
M ITALIAN
! ARMY STANDS !
READY TO DO
mi nnnnmi r
! ALL xmm.
!
i After Terrible Trials the Ca
dorna Forces Are Recon
structed Into Armies, Divis
ions and Regiments for the
Work.
concentration on new lines is being
! irrnnnnltv pstahltahpd Tho situation
." --
early today showed the spirit and
j morale f "e trooPs heartened, and,
while conditions along .he fighting
a!front colltinue Brave, yet the rapidity
of the reformation and the renewal of
steadiness and stability among all
iranKS nas improveu me geuerai siiua-
The Duke of Oosta's success in
I hrin-'inir trip fnirn nrmv nr&rtionllv In-
from the ,nlDendiug danRer .jf nvelop.
mea ia regarded as a strategic opera-
tion of the highest order. It was a
j Uoa of abandonln!; ,ine8 of lntri.
jcate and 8olid construction more man
la milt in demh. Willi an elaboarte rva
tem of enlplacementSt trencnes, con.
ne,.tions by roads and Uwayg ln ad.
.... ...
flank and somettnies in the rear.
ITALIAN HEADQUARTERS IN
NORTHERN ITALY. Friday, Nov. 2.
(By The Associated Press.) From the
strategic standpoint the Italian re
treat in northern Italy has certain com
pensations. It has shortened the Ital
ian front from an irregular curve of
seventy miles to a compact, s.raight
line.
The former front, just abandoned,
stretched from Flezzo southward to the
Gulf of Triest, which is fifty miles in
an air line and more than seventy
miles including the zig-zags over the
mountains. This was an exceptionally
long front for either offensive Or de
fensive operations and i; was continu
ally threatened with incursions at
weak points of the long line, .such as
the fatal one, when the present blow
was delivered at a point where the line
tapered off to a thin outpost.
The old line, moreover, had no riv
ers as natural defenses. Now howev
er, the front is greatly shortened with
the entire army massed and backed
by natural defenses. Thus, strategic
ally, the invading forces are at pres
ent standing with a wide and turbu
lent mountain stream befqre them, on
the edge of winter, besides conf.'.mt
ing a narmy which is rapidly reforming
along Che new line.
Other Issues.
But the stragetic issues are not con
fined to those bearing on the situation
"
eastward in Venetla. There must also
be taken ,nto con8ideration the Jeu.
tonic front whJch has heretofore been
d,s.,nct and 8eparate ,n lne war ra.
tions. The Venetia fiOnt runs oernen-
dicularly from the Adriatic, whereas
the Trentino fronty runs horizontall
eastward from Lake Garda and is lit
tie more than thirty miles away from '
the north. Scouts going in that direc
tion today heard heavy gunfire to the
northward, so that attention must be
turned In two directions eastward to
the new Venetian front east of the
Tagliumento river, and northward to
;he Trentino front from Lake Garda
eastward.
Typical Of Huns.
Reports coming in today were of a
reassuring character, showing the Ital
ian rear guard still nolding the enemy
east of the Tagliamento. This river
is a difficult one tor the eneai lO
cross, as the rapids are so swift it is
impossible to float pontoons. One of
the last arrivals from the Invaded re
gions came Into town today after a
dangerous, circuitous trip along by
roads to avoid the tneniy scouts. The
Uhlans, he reported visited some of
the towns early on Sunday and soon
afterward there was a fusillade which
terrified a few townspeople remaining.
Another of the late arrivals said he
saw soldiers breaking in:o jewelry
shops and coming into the street with
their hands filled with watches and
jewelry, while all other places having
things of value were similarly raided.
While the retreat was On the ene-
. (Continued on Page Six.)
Flyer
(Dy Review Leaded Wire.)
NEWPORT NEWS. Va.. Nov.
3.
Lieutenant Deldioli of the Italian
Royal Flying corps, piloting a Po- J
mi.lo airplane, few from Mineola.
N. Y.. o I anely fild here today
at ar, morajre spfd of about 133
mi)s an hour. lf'ft Mineola p.t
12::!!; ,'lMk snd i-nived at I-tns:-
ley fhld at 2:5 o'clock, covering
I"
distance of 33i; mil-8.
TO
REGULATIONS
COYER
HANDLING
FOOD
APPROVED
j prise on Allied Scouting
President Wilson Approves j Party.
Regulations Drafted For the j
Public Freedom From Prof- (By Review Leased Wire )
iteering. Washington. Nov. 3. Berlin's
j terse announcement today that "North
j American" soldiers had been capf'.red
(By Review Leased Wire.) i by German patrols on the Rhine-Marne
WASHINGTON Nov 3,-Regula-, cana, on the f t
tions governing the handling of food-, ...
stuffs under the licensing of manu-'the American Pe(,Plo a step nearer
facturers and dealers were approved10 tn heart ot the great struggle.
by President Wilson today and will j There was no doubt here that the
be put into operation by the food com-! men referred to were members of
mission Immediately. The principal ; D. . . , . , .
., , ... . , . v . . . 'General Parshing's force uandergoing
objects of the rules, a food adminis-
tration statement today sets forth are: jfinal tralninS French regiments
"To limit the prices charged by ev-1 to front line trenches. Confirmation
ery licensee to a reasonable amount i from General Parshing was lacking,
over expenses and to forbid the ac-. but 'n due course he will transmit the
quisition of speculative profits from
a rising market.
"To keep all food commodities mov
ing to the consumer in as direct a
line as possible and with little d-May
"To limit as far as practicable con
tracts for iuture delivery and to curb
dealings in future contracts."
The announcement continues:
Broad Powers.
"Under the food control act in ad -
dition to the power to promulgate, the ' This Is the first report received here
president is given "broad powers teiof any members of the American ex
deal with individual cases. This pow- peditionary forces, but a number ci
er will be freely used to accomplish ; naval gunners taken from American
the three purposes set out above. Uj armed ships sunk by submarines and
every licensee will make those pur-j civilian members of the crews of oth
poses the cardinal principles of his j er ships are held In German prison
business and obey the law and ilia ' camps.
regulations, he will be free from in- Patrolling Important,
terference by the government. Vio-i Night patrolling Is a vitally impor:
lation is cause for revoking any li-iant part of the final training of tli
cense, as well as subjecting the of-1
fender to such criminal penalties as
may be prescribed." j
There are a large number of g n-!
eral rules governing all licenses to-1
Beiurr wmi Buuiiiuuai sm mi ri-ju-1 wim iaces niacKenea against tne K"n
lations for various trades In which 1 vision of enemy lookouts and a sif.
there are special conditions, or sp-v-il- j deadly spurt from a machine gar.,
ic abuses to be overcome. j They go creeping across the shell-torn
Elimination of excessive prices ground up to the enemy's entrenoh
charged by small retailers who are j ments, crawling and listening, drup
not subject to license, will be a;'com j ping flat down when a flare breaks
plished by a rule forbidding licenses
to sell foods to any person who i
charges excessive profits.
An important rule provides. that no
licensee shall "import, manufacture.
store, distribute, sell or other ise
handle any food commodities on an
unjust, exorbitant, unreasonable dis
criminatory or unfair profit or Ftor- J
age charge."
PERSHING REPORTS DEATHS
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 3. General
Pershing "reported to the war depart-',
ment the death of Private Ralph W.
Wheeler, machine gun battalion, a son
of Fred Wheeler, Westmoreland. N. H.,
who died October 29, of na.ural caus
es, ana Private rranK ana, inianiry,
died November 1 of blood poisoning as '
the result or a gunsi.Ji wouuu, possi-.
blv accidental. His mother Mrs. May 1
Vana. lives at Milwaukee.
GO
!.SY!
(By Review Leased Wire.)
COPENHAGEN. Nov. 3. The Ham
burg Fremdenbladt prints a statement
from a leading German statesmen in
which serous consequences are threat
ened unless the Norwegian press curbs
its indignation against Germany. Fear
is expressed here Vat the agitation,
unless checked will produce such bi
terness against Germany that some in
cident will lead to consequences which
even the most bellicoss agitator will
depPjre.
TRAIN WRECK.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo..
Nov.
3. Colorado Midland train No. 6 east (Bv Review Leai?d Wire),
bound from Grand Junction, Is reported I PARIS, Nor. 3. A delegation of 11
to have been wrecked near Hartzell. ' American congressmen left this morn-seventy-five
miles west of here at 3 ing for a visit to the French front,
o'clock this morning. Two cars are They will visit the American training
reported ln the ditch but no fatalities ' camp and the entrenched American
have occurred, according to railway of- troops, also as guests of General
ficials. I Pershing.
II TROOPS
'A
paoTiinrn nv
uiinunLU DI
IB 01 THE
FRENCH LINE
! First American Soldiers to Be,
I Captured Go to the Ger
I mans As a Result of Sur-
names of any men missing and this
may furnish some light.
Scouting Party Surprised.
If. as is assumed, a small scouting
Dartv was surorised bv a German -a-
troI , No Man. ailJ aa rsp.
, tured( detaila of the ,m.ident D,aT nPV.
CT be ulIy told since on,y capto;s an j
captives would know what happnl
in the encounter under cover of dark-
jness.
American forces, as it is on these pa
trols that the commandinir offioe-i
rely for information of activity in t'-e
enemy's front line.
Every night the scouts creep out
out in the air above them, sometin'e
lying still for hours while ri'.les and
machine guns hammer above them.
Not a night passes on many parti
of the line but patrols encounter ea-h
! other. Sometimes it results in f'r-
ing, but that seldom occurs.
Stalking Patrols.
Usually one patrol discover the
I other and stalks it stealthily. A tine
j coms when a surprise attack can
1 be mad. It is swift, silent hand t.v
j hand work and rarely is a shot fird.
j The victor carries off his prisoners
and when morning comes a report goes
Dack n tne other sille of h lin
j a PatTOI of so many men is missing
' i nis is an mat is Known, umcer
here believed that this was what hap
pened on the French-American front.
Had there been any firing or had mem-
nors oi ine patroi maae meir way wu
. .r . i. .... v..
eral Pershing probably would have r-
ported immediately. As it was bf
' probably was waiting to make certain
'that the missing men were not hhiins
i in a shell hole until dark cam aznin
. to give them opportunity to make their
j way into their own line. Lt a
agreed that the loss of the patrol
might have a salutory eftect or the
American troops in the front lin.
; They are young, in perfect physical
j condition an fairly longing for a chance
at the enemy. It has taken all tv.
i authority of their officers to curb
j their desire to go over and shar in
t the daring work of trench raiding,
i Men who have spent their lives in
1 the army know what the situation
I must be. They are hopeful that the
lesson of caution will be brought home
to the men by the loss of this party.
LEAVE FOR FRONT.
jtia. THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 4, 1917.
Dashing Suits, Coats and Dresses, Brimful of the Snap and Crispness)
That Spells Autumn Fashions Supreme" and at Prices You Can Easily Afford to Pay
TWO
Moderately Priced ' ' N
Autumn Suits
That Are New in Design, Color
and Fabric
$25.00, $27.50, $29.50
AiVD YOU WILL. DO V.'ELL to choose from them now. white
the new stylos are new; you will do well because they are fine
and fahiooable and better than we expected they would be:
you will do well, because "The Fair" store standards are upheld
in the midst of unsettle!! market conditions and you will take
great pleasure in the feeling of satisfaction this store affords.
Bl"T MOST OF ALL You will do well because you will im
prove your appearance. Bisbee women are right now the best
dressed in the whole Southwest and dressing better and "The
Fair" store Is their main hupport.
AT $25.00, $27.50 and $29.50 you may have suits of Sergt,
Gaberdine, Yeicurs and Novelty Fabrics, plain tailore3, or with
fur or braid trimming Choose' yours Monday.
Smart Novelty Suits
$32.50 and $35
MANY OF THE EXTREME styles are in these two moder
ately priced groups $32.50 and $35 try to see them all. They
are suitable for every need of the Autumn and Winter. Ma
terials are Broadcloth, Velours, Poplins. Mixtures and Fine Wool
Serges; all fashionable colors; Women's and Misses' sizes.
Distinctive Fall Suits
$37.50 and $39.50
TAILORED, SEMI-TAILORED and Novelty effects abound
t'e luajorUy being of tha softer fabrics Wool Velour. Broad
cloth, Duvcntyne, Gaberdine and others of serge in qualities that
are most unusual for this season; wanted new colors are represented.
Fail Bedding
SPECIALS
At Prices Much Below
Today's Market
&
x-. V ft
'v.- 7
i. .. ' . i
1'T T : r,iYHir-- -miiL JU
GARMENT DEPARTMENTS will have difficulty in pro
viding complete stocks this fall was the prophecy of some
of the best garment authorities early in the season and
now garment buyers everywhere are realizing the fulfillment
of this prophecy. ' i
FOREVISION on the part of our merchandising and buy-
ing departments has made it possible for us to use the word
COMPLETENESS advisably for, notwithstanding exist
ing difficulties, we have assembled for your approval one of
the most remarkable assortments of new autumn garments
that "THE FAIR" has ever had the good fortune to present.
MODELS DESIGNED to artistically contribute to the cor
rect ensemble of the Figure Fashionable. A brief study of
inspection of these fashions will convince you of the fact
that as near as any one store in a community may be "THE
FASHION AUTHORITY," The Fair is that store. And the
price tags these new garments bear are very reasonable.
Fashion Show Dresses
At Greatly Reduced Prices
THESE BEAUTIFUL and exclusive Gowns have served their purpose as
show-pieces, and must now find new owners; fortunate is the woman who
serursc one at Monday's low price.
ONE DRESS ONLY of navy blue crepe de chine combined with Georgette;
trimmed with silver embroidery and fur; regular price $85.00 On sale
Monday at $57.50.
ONE DRESS ONLY of Fawn Colored Crepe Meteor, with sleeves and bo
dice of Georgette to match; prettily embroidered and finished with gold
lace and braid to match; $75.00 Value for $47.50.
ONE DRESS ONLY of Taupe colored Crepe Meteor combined with Geor
gette; trimmed with silver lace and silk braid; $9S.S0 value for $69.50.
ONE DRESS ONLY of Fawn colored Crepe Meteor; a model of elegance
and beauty, trimmed with silk motif fs and gold lace; $72.50 value for $47.50
1 1 1
Much Demanded
Dresses of Serge
$18.50, $20 and $22.50
Simple, Practical Models
FROCKS WHY, YOU KNOW Serges! the most demanded
and popular of all dresses for Autumn and Winter wear.
But these FROCKS: Series of good weight and the texture
that shows quality. AND THE TRIMMINGS: There is where
originality and personality come in. They are trimmed with
everything from colored silk to wool yarn embroidery; some
have beading, buttons and tassels besides..
BUT THIS AD. Is simply meant to arouse your interest to
the extent or coming .Monday to see the Dresses themselves
WONDERFUL FROCKS at $1850, $20 and $22.50.
Wonderful Dresses
Remarked at $22.95
WE SAY "WONDERFUL" because Uie values are truly be
yond anything you'd expect in a season of such disturbed market '
conditions; with prices of labor and materials moving skyward.
Dresses of Cbarmeuse of splendid quality in the best of fall
colors high and extended waistlines, coat effects, loose aud
fitted models and some with tunic skirts. Monday's price $22.95.
Coats of Quality
$25.00, $29.50, $32.50
PLUSH COATS, with large, very large collars; they're luxu
rious. And Coats for street wear, for motor wear Dre9sy wear
and what a host of them what a variety of styles and fabrics!
COATS OF WOOL VELOUR. Mixtures and Bolivia Cloth, that
are very long, with belts, cuffs and convertible collars, some
fur trimmed Priced at $25, $29.50 and $32.50
SPECIAL MONDAY offer of Xe
Blankets and Comforters prepared to
help you replenish your supply of bid
ding at riLt prices consistent with
dependable quality.
Xot at Special Prices, however,
v. hen viev-ed from the point of a re
duction, but indeed! SPECIAL, as
thty etford a very substantial saving
compared 'with the prices a merchant
would have to charge who bought on
the present day market. We only ask
an inspection; the Bedding will tell
its own convincing story of "GOOD
Value."
Plaid Q nn
Blankets $3.JU
WOOL NAP Blankets have a wool
finish and so closediy resenibie the
all-wool that it almost taks an ex
pert to detect the difference. In Plaid
patterns of pink, blue and tan, that
are unusually pretty; size, 64 x SO in
ches. They would spli fcr a third
more if bought on today's market; a
pair, $3.00.
FineWooI&o ()
Blankets 4O.DU
"WOOL BLANKETS will soon be a
thing of the pa.-it" say experts. Xevrr
have there been such demands and
n'-r-iis for wool aud it doesn't look ss
if there would be improvement in con
riitions .for Vome time to come. Buy
"Wool Blanwets now yMle you can get
quality and at "The Fair," where you
can save. All-Wool White Blankets
with pink or blue borders, 72 x 80 in
ches; Plaid Wool Blankets, 68 x 80 in
ches, priced at $3.50 a pair.
Cotton Blankets
'otlcn Blankets, size 40x68 in
ches in gray, tan and white with col
ored border, a pair 8c.
Cotton Blankets, -Ujt 42 x 72 inches
in- white, gray an1 lan; a very excep
tional value at $1.00 a pair.
Cotton Blankets, size 45 x 72 inches
in white, gray and tan; good value at
$1.25 a pair.
( utton Blankets of heavy quality,
s!; e 45 x 74 inches, splendid value at
$1.5ri a pair.
Cotton Blankets at $1.75, $2.00.$ 2.50
and $3.00; a variation of size and qual
ity making the difference in price.
5-lb. A mm (TdO
Blankets
FOK THE SLEEPING PORCH, or
for camping trips one could not se
lect belter blankets they'll be won
derful protecUrn against all sorts of
rous'i weather, in Army drab color. 5
pounds, full weight; a very splendid
value at $7.50 each.
RIBBON SALE
Save One-Third to One-Half
XOW THAT THE SEASON is approaching when women must turn
their attention to the preparation of Holiday Gifts for friends, and since
pretty Ribbons enter into the making of so many useful, practical and
sensible gifts, it is only reasonable that we should expect a great rush
for these that have been repriced for Monday's selling; they're In all
desirable widths ranging from ZVt to 10 inches; there are Satin, Taffeta
and Moire Ribbons in plain colors, stripes, plaids, checks, floral and
Dresden patterns, in rich, beautiful color combinations and a chance
to save OXE-TH1RD to ONE-HALF.
Regular 35c Fancy Ribbons on sale for, yard 25c
Regular 50c Fancy Ribbons on sale for, yard. . .35c
Regular 65c and 75c Fancy Ribbons for, yard . . . 50c
Regular $1.25 and $1.50 Fancy Ribbons, yard ... 75c
Regular 85c and $1 Fancy Ribbons for, yard 65c
Regular $2 Fancy Ribbons repriced at, yard $1
Chiffon Velvet $3.50
NEVER WAS there a season when Velvets were so much used for
fashionable suits and dresses, and these 36-inch Chiffon Velvets are the
finest and most demanded of all; they are here in the most wanted
colors: navy, granite, black, wisteria, new greens and Burgundy; per
yard $3.50. i
18 Inch Panne Veluet $1.50
OF COURSE, the new dress has been planned and velvet will be ex
tensively used for trimming and the shade to match is required; see if
it is among this long range of popular colors: Copenhagen, Alice, Royal,
Navy and Militarie Blue, Old Rose, Pink, Coral and Red, Wisteria, Pur
ple, Plum, Mulberry, White, Green, Kelly, Myrtle, Nile and Sage Green,
Orange, Yellow, Tan and new shades of Brown; 18 inches wide; per
yard, $1.50.
21 Inch Velveteens 85c
FOR THOSE WHO admire the rich, lustrious appearance of Velvet for
a dress, but that they cannot afford the price, we have these splen
did quality Velveteens; they are quite as satisiactory in the service they
give and the cost 1 only a fractional part of the price of velvet; 18 in
ches wide; per yard, 85c. Every wanted color is represented.
Pocketbooks
Velues to
$3J50 for
98c
Linoleum Rem
nants, 65c & $1.50
These are the final clean-up
prices for Linoleum Remnants. A
Quality Printed Linoleums at 65c
-per square yard. And Armstrong's
Best Quality Inlaid Linoleum for
$1.50 per square yard. There isn't
an unlimited range of patterns to
choose from and the yardage is al
most as limited as the number of
patterns, too, -so if interested, you
had better conie early' tomorrow
morning, for it will be a long time
before you will have an equal
chance to save.
NO! 98c wouldn't buy much of
a purse If it represented the true
value of the pocketbook, but in
this assortment there are value
ranging up to $3.00. They repre
sent a special purchase, coming to
us at a fraction of their true worth
and we pass them on to you at
the same saving. Many styles to
choose from in all wanted leathers:
Morocco, , Pressed Calf, Walrus
Pin Seal, etc., fitted with coin
purse and mirror.
New A utumn Millinery
HUNDREDS of women throughout the arren
District have learned and are learning the lesson of
BETTER Millinery styles, and BETTER Millinery
VALUES at "The Fair" store that its dictates are
authoritative, that its styles are smarter and values
greater.
Their idea for coming here is not for comparing
styles and prices, but to be sure of securing both.
Hats That Are Different and
Distinctive, $6.95, $8.50,$10
IN THESE THREE groups of "different" and
"distinctive" Hats you will find the most fashionable)
new shapes, irregular and those on symmetrical
lines, smartly trimmed with Ornaments'. Feather Fan
cies. Ribbcn Bows, Fur Bands and Pom Poms, hi
the shades of Autumn. How they will captivate
vou and how vou will want one for your new Suit
or FroCc. BEAUTIES-$6.95, $8.50 and $10.00.
Inexpensive Fall Millinery
$3.95, $4.95 and $5.95
MONDAY IN OUR MILLINERY section we will show some extremely
smart, but inexpensive Autumn Hats, made of Velvet or Plush in the
leading shades of plum, purple, blue, taupe and black.
They are from New York's leading Millinery artists, smartly designed,
well made and attractively trimmed. Three groups as remarkable ns
moderate prices ever boiir.ht. Acquaint yourself with these unusual Hnt
values-$3.95, $4.95 and $5.95.
"J
Right Prices For
Men's '
UNDERWEAR
YOU SHOULD NOT NEGLECT pur
chasing your winter supply of KNIT
UNDERWEAR longer for a sudden
change in temperature is very apt to
cause you to contract a cold which
a little judgment now in displacing
the thinner Underwear of summer will
prevent.
VV ABSOLUTELY KNOW, that we
offer - the very best vajues In Knit
Underwear for Men that money will
buy. We have the proof and wiil
submit it any time you'll give us the
chance.
$2
Men's Shirts
and Drawers
THERE'S no disappointment for tie
man that buys this Underwear. Elas
tic ribbed Shirts and Drawers, mat's
of fine, pure worsted yarn; garmen's
trimmed with silk; drawers have rj
inforced seats; colors white and bit:?
mixed, per garment $2.00.
Half-Wool $125
Underwear
MEN'S HALF-WOOL Underwear
that will protect you against a su !
den drop in temperature, gray colo -,
flat knit, heavy weight, $1.25 a gar
ment. The same grade in brown at
$1.50 a garment.
Silk &Wool (050
Underwear D
MEN'S SILK AND WOOL Under
wear Durable quality and a grade
that can he worn by men who cannct
wear the finest wool. The garment j
are finished inside with silk fleece
making Jheiy the sottest and most com
fortable imaginable; mixed gray, per
garment, $2.50.
Men's Wool (TO
Underwear . .
THERE'S UNION in these Unio.i
Suits no shirts to slip up, no drawers
to slip down all in one piece afford
ing a better fit and more comfort thaa
can possibly be derived from wearing
two-piece suits. Choice of medium o'
heavy weight, elastic ribbed, gray only
about seventy per cent wool, of sor".
quality, per suit, $3.00.
Mercerized (A
Union Suits . . V
The "MUNSINUWEAR" perfect fit
ting Union Suits, always fits- a man,
'.'ALL WAYS" They're made of fin
est merceriiad yarn; in blue only, der
by ribbed, very elastic. Will stand
the roughest sort of wear and wast
ing, absolutely closed crotch. If yo.i
wear ( ne of these MUNSING union
suits, you'll never accept a substitute;
a suit. $4.00.
CHILDREN'S DRESSES
One-Fourth Off Regular Prices
i
A SALE OF CHILDREN'S Colored School Dresses that will give
a delightful surprise to every mother who responds to this announce
ment; the materials include excellent quality, fast colored Percales,
Gingham and Chambray In stripes, plaids, checks and plain colors.
There are plenty of the popular high-waisted models, with smart
belts, shirred pockets, new style collar and cuffs; others with ex
tended waistline, pleated skirts and iarge pockets and belts, all sizes
for children from 2 to 14 years, at a REDUCTION OF OXE-FOURTH
OFF REGULAR PMCES.
$1.50 DRESSES FOR $1.15 $3.00 DRESSES FOR .$2.25
$2.00 DRESSES FOR $1.50 $3.50 DRESSES FOR $2.65
$2.50 DRESSES FOR..., $1.90 $5.00 DRESSES FOR $3.75
Women's Flannelette Gowns
75c, $1.00, $1.25 to $2.00
THESE COOL, nippy nights are a gentle reminder that the time
has arrived for warmer sleeping garments and the woman who hasn't
purchased a season's supply and wishes- to secure the best value for
her money should make her selection at this store.
GOWN'S IN SEVERAL styles, of excellent quality flannelette in
white, neat stripes of pink and blue, full cut, extra long and nicely
made; trimmed with embroidery and braid, excellent values at 75c,
$1.00, $1.25) $1.50. and $2.00.
Children's Sleeping Garments
75c, 85c and $1.00
-CHILDREX'S GOWN'S and Sleeping Garments with feet, made of
splendid quality Outing Flannel, in white, stripes an dplain pink and
blue; made with yokes and finished with braid or trimmed with rib
bon; sizes from 2 to 14 years; priced at 75c. 85c and $1.00.
Knit Petticoats $1 to $2
WHAT A DIFFERENCE one of these Knit Petticoats will make ir.
your comfort this winter, and perhaps, your health; they are light
weight, eaay to put cn and a pleasure to wear; navy and black;
priced at $1.00 and $2.50.
A Wonder Blouse Value
Crepe de Chine 1 ' c r-
and Georgette $ K 2
$7.50 Values for . . .
THERE'LL HE WONDER, surprise and amaze
ment among the women that see these Blouses
tomorrow. And these women will need no urging
to buy them at $5.45, for the saving is immense I
A first glance will tell you they were never in
tended to sell for a price so low.
THE STYLE AND BEAUTY of these Blouses
is remarkable you'd never connect a $5.45 price
tag with a single one of them.
THEY'RE of Crepe lie Chine ami (ieorgett ;
Crepe in bright, brilliant, dashing shades, includ
ing maize, tea rose, peach, Kelly, white and tlesh;
some with collars that niay be worn high or low.
many variations of the square neck model, others
with wide sailor collars aud still others that ar-a
collarless, tri(tly tailored, embroidered and lace
trimmed; sizes. 34 to 4S MONDAY at $5.45.
Royal Worcester Corsets
$1.50, $2, $2.50 $3
BY ALL MEANS read the fashion notes but you will also get au
thentic newB of styles by looking at our ROYAL WORCESTER Cor
sets, better than, word or picture. These new models tell of the chang
ing mode and summarize aH the season's innovations, freat or mi. till.
GUIDED BY "ROYAL WORCESTER" your figure will follow Fact
ion's favorite lines. Worn over ROY'AL WORCESTER your new
gowns will give just the effects which your modiste planned.
LET OUR EXPERT corsetieres assist you in choosing a model
adapted to your type of figure.
Stetson Hats
$4.50 and $5
DALLING
leaves remind
us to remind you
about your Fall
hat.
Sticklers for
style stick to the
Stetson and it is
our service in
Stetson Hats that
makes this store
of ours so impor
tant to you and
the other well-dressed
young men of this
community.
Come, try on the
swagger stiff and soft
hats for Fall.
- mcstc
Think It Over!
Before you spend your money for
tailoring. Don't experiment, when for
the same money you can wear clothes
designed to fit your figure, tailored
to your measure by
El). V. PRICE & CO.
Merchant Tailors, Chicago.
WE WILL CONSIDER YOUR RE
QUIREMENTS AT ALL TIMES AND
DELIVER SATISFACTION OR
YOUR MONEY BACK COME IN AT
YOUR EARLIEST CONVENIENCE
AND LET US SHOW YOU THE 500
NEW AUTUMN AND WINTER
WOOLENS. SUIT PRICES FROM
$25 TO $50. THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER A, 1917.
THREE
SEVENTY-ONE FRENCH
CHILDREN ADOPTED
BY PEOPLEOF REGION
Bisbee Organization For the
Aid of French Fatherless
Children Does Great Work
In Very Short Time.
Seventy-one French fatherless chil
dren, through the efforts of the Bis
t bee organizations to provide them
with necessities of life, have been
adopted by looal and other Ooelrise
county people. The names of tbe
French kiddies and their addresses
are as follows:
Andree Morival, Hnby St. Ieu, de
partment du Pas de Calais. Adopted
by Miss Ellenita Brophy, Sacred
Heart convent, Menlo Park, Cal.
Maurie Masse, Molinghem, depart
ment du Pas de Calais. Adopted by
Master John Bridges, Bisbee, Ariz.
Marie Marcoin, Burbue, department
Pas de Calais. Adopted by Miss Ellen
Cunningham. Sacred Heart convent,
Meslo Park. Cal.
Germaine Matriughem, 33 rue du
Chateau d'Eau, Calais, department du
Pas de Calais. Adopted by Miss Isa
dor Cunningham, Sacred Heart eon
ven. Menlo Park. Cal.
Maria Noel, St. Venant. department
, du Pas de Calais. Adopted by Miss
Florence Cunningham. Sacred Heart
convent, Menlo Park, Cal.
Georges Pattinier, Rely, department
du Pas de Calais. Adopted by Sam
Applewhite, Douglas, Ariz.
'Geronyme Marcoin, Burbue, depart
ment du Pas de Calais. Adopted by
Miss Lydia Ross, Bisbee. Ariz.
Marie Molmy, 12 rue de Wimereux.
Boulogne sur Mer. department du
Pas de Calais. Adopted by Mrs. E. E.
Ellinwood, Bisbee. Ariz.
Germaine Marella, 2 rue Benoit, Ca
lais, department Pas de Calais. Adopt
ed by Mrs. C. S. Thomson, Bisbee.
Ariz.
Valentine Mareila. 2 rue Benoit. Ca
. lais, department Pas de Calais. Adopt
ed by Mrs. X. C. Bledsoe, Bisbee,
Ariz..
Henrietta Masson. 62 rue de Cha
teau d'Eau, , Calais, department Pas
de Calais. Adopted by Patricia and
Florence Connolly. Bisbee Ariz.
Enouard Popelier 34 rue de Bomar-
simd Boulogne sur Mer department
Tas de Calais. Adopted by Bobbie
Notman Bisbee, Ariz.
Emile Morel. Lanibres, department
Pas de Calais. Adopted by Misses
Katherine Hughes and Elizabeth
" Shine.' Bisbee. Ariz. " -
Auguste Masson, 62 rue de Chateau
d'Eau, Calais, department Pas de Ca
lais. Adopted by committee, Bisbee,
Ariz.
Gaston Masson. 62 rue de Chateau
d'Eau, Calais, department du Pas de
Calais. Adopted by committee, Bis
bee, Ariz.
Fernande Matringhem. 35 rue du Cha
tcau d'Eau. Calais, department du Pus
de Calais. Adopted by E. A. Tovrea,
Bisbee. Ariz.
Emile Menuge, Condette, depart
ment du Pas de Calais. Adopted by
committee, Bisbee. Ariz.
Omer Menuge, Condette, department
du Pas de Calais. Adopted by com
mittee, Bisbee, Ariz.
Aime Monchiet, 80 rue Victor Hugo,
Calais, department du Pas de Calais.
Adopted by committee, Bisbee, Ariz.
ILeopold Monchiet, 80 rue Victor
Hugo, Calais, department dn 'Pas de
Calais. Adopted by committee, Bis
bee, Ariz. t
Victorlne Monchiet, 80 rue Victor
Hugo, Calais, department du Pes de!
Calais. Adopted by Mrs. C. W. Crom
well and Mrs. H. E. McGregor. Bisbee
Ariz. x
Jules Morival. Huby St. Leu, de
partment du Pas de Calais. Adopted
by Francis Cunningham, Bisbee. Ariz.
Regine Morival. Huby St. Leu, de
partment du Pas de Calais. Adopted
by committee, Bisbee. Ariz.
Eugene Pattinier, Rely, department
du Pas de Calais. Adopted by Jack
Cunningham, Bisbee, Ariz.
, Fernande Pattinier, Rely, depart
ment du Pas de Calais. Adopted by
committee, J?isbee, Ariz. .
Celine Pille, 26 rue Mariotte, Ca
lais, department du Pas de Calais.
Adopted by committee. Bisbee, Ariz.
Michel Pinte, Parenty, Calais, de
partment du Pas de Calais. Adopted
by committee, Bisbee, Ariz.
Albert Playi?. Plaine du Bicoqu,',
Calais, department du Pas da Calais.
Adopted by committee, Bisbee. Ariz.
Alfred Playe, Plaine du Blcoqurf
Closing Out Odds and
Ends in
TROUSERS
$5 and $6 Values
$2.50
CARO & CO..
20 Brewery Gulch.
O. K. LIVERY AND
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
j Calais, department du l'ns de Calais.
Adopted by committee, Bisbee, Ariz.
Kndre Playe, plain du P.icoque, Ca
i lais, department du Pas de Calais.
Adopted by committee, liifbee, Ariz.
Charles Popelier, 34 rue de P.om-
arsund, Boulogne sur Mer. department'
uu Pas de Calais. Adopted by com-1
mittee. Bisbfe. Ariz. j
Marcel Popelier, 34 rue de Iiomar-i
sund. Boulogne sur Mer. department
du Pas de Calais. Adopted by com
mittee, Bisbee, Ariz.
Georges Poire. Labroye, department
du Pas de Calais. Adopted by coni-
nii.tee, Bisbee. Ariz. ; jg this. Tanlac I hurt so bad with
Yvonne Poiret, Estree Blanche, de- rheumatism at times I couldn't'turn
partment Pas de Calais. Adopted by over in bed." said W. D. Edwards, who
Miss Frances Juliff. Bisbee. Ariz. i lives on Alice avenue, R. F. D. 4. Box
Gaston Pichon. 9 rue da Croisant.i 109. Austin, Texas.
Boulogne sur Mer, department Pas de "I have suffered, nobody knows how
Calais. Adopted by Harry Hannin- much with rheumatism for twenty or
ger, Bisbee, Ariz. thirty years," continued Mr. Edwards.
Angela Mignot. Isberpnos, depart- "I couldn't sleep at night on account
nie.nl Pas' des Calais. Adopted by of pain. I could hardly get my coat
Mrs. C. M. Lynn, Mrs. E. A. Crocker0ff I hurt so bad. My joints were
and Mrs. Thomas Cowperthwaite. Bis-j swollen and stiff and my fingers had
bee, Ariz. j begun to draw and twist. My knuek-
Suzanne Bescond, Cnerlesquin, Fin- les were enlarged until my bands
istere. Adopted by Miss Marcarfj'.. didn't look like hands. They were
Ferguson. Bisbee Ariz. lawful and looked more like I don't
Marcelle Bertrand. 221 rue de Vieux'know what bams than hands. For
Pont de Sevres, Biilaneourt, Seine. ; montns at a time I wasn't able to get
Adopted by Mrs. B: A. Packard. Dong-lmy clothes off and on without hurt
las, Ariz. J ing so I would holler like a child b
Martha Bescond, Guerlesquin, Fin- ing whipped. No kind of liniments or
istere. Adopted by Sans Souci club.' medicines did me any good and I
Douglas. Ariz. ,'just suffered agony, especially when
Madeline Betbeder, Cap-Breton,. Lan-j I tried to do my work and I. had to
des. Adopted by Misses 'Margaret.' walk with a stick all the time.
Christine and Nan Rae, Douglas, Ariz, j I saw Tanlac advertised in the
Marie Betbeder, Cap Breton, Lan-1 papers and decided to take a chance
des. Adopted by Misses Margaret, ion it helping me. Well, it proved to
Christine and Nan Rae. Douglas. Ariz, i be the right thing and I have alreadv
Odette Bitot. Nenoix. Calvados., picked up several pounds jn weig.it
Adopted by Mrsj E. W. Adamson. ' and feel better than I have in many
Douglas, Ariz. ; years. I sleep good every night, eat
Denise Boimare. 17 rue des Rosier. ! hearty and 1 don't feel the rheuma
Argenteuil, Seine et Oise. Adopted! tism at all. I can get my coat off as
by Mioses Dorothy and Katherin Goh-jeIl as I used to and feel ten or fif
ring, Bisbee" Ariz. teen years younger. I feel that I am
Madeline Boulauger. 70 Boulevard!
Victor Hugo, cour Bertout, Calais Sud .'
ii j f ' ' . - .- . j - . . i -w J
1 1 as ub miuiH. Auopiea oy .Mrs. j. i
! E. Curry, Bisbee. Ariz. I
Charles Boulant, 22 rue de Point- j
cise, Houilles. Seine et Oise. Anopt-.01 BI1U 1 lu uuw i'-uuei: jma um.
ed by Taul Stevens, Bisbee, Ariz. jJust t0 think what dreadful fix 1
Henri Boulant. 22 rue de Pointcise.' was ln an1 now 1 don't have t0 use
Houilles. Seine et Oise. Adopted by ! a walWnS stick. Why, I can get about
J. E. Brophy. Bisbee. Ariz. j likev a young man and I just can't
Maurice Boulant. 22 rue de Point-!
cfJe. Houilles. Seine et Oise. Adopt
ed by Downs' barber shop, Bisbee,
Ariz.
Jean Bourhis, Danouet en St. Nico
las du Pelen. Cotes du Nord. Adopted
by Mrs. C. O. Ellis. Douglas, Ariz.
Marie Bourhis, Danouet en St. Nico-
las due Pelen CntP Hit Vord dnnt-'
ed by Miss Margaret Ellis. Douglas.!
rjz i
Yvonne Bourhis, Danouet en St.
Nicolas', du Pelen. Cotes du NorcL !
Adopted by Mrs. C. O. Ellis, Douglas,
Ariz.
Fernand Brabant, 13 rue Cheret.
Creteil, Seine. Adopted by Raymo'ir
Jack and Florence Foster, Bisbee,
Ariz.
Raymonde Briffe, Place des Cerw
iers, Montmorency, Seine et Cise.1
Adopted by Isabel Whiteley, Bbce,
Ariz.
Albertine Brisen:entiier, 9 ;.--p."
du Centenairc, St. Maur. Seine. AJ
cd by Miss Mary Brophy. Bisbse, -Ariz.
Pnvl Brissaud, St. Etienne de St.!
Ge.)irs, Isere. Adopted by Mrs. G.
H. Fitzgerald. Bisbee. Ariz.
. Germaine Cardot, 66 Avenue des Pil
liers St. Maur. Seine. Adopted by
committee, Bisbee, Vriz.
Raymond Caere. Aunay ' sous Au
neau, Eure St. Loir. Adopted by
Fred Freeman and family, Bisbee,
A riz.
Roso Bi.mchl, 12 rue Montee Belle.
Endctime, Marseille, Bouches du
Rhone. Adqp'.ed by Ioretto convent.
Bisbee. Ariz.
Phillipe Bosson, 4 rue Creuset,
I-yon Rhone. Adopted by Loretto con
vent, Bisbe ;. Ariz. -
Huguette Borne, 7 Impasse de la
Fecme. St. Maur. Seine. Adopted by
Loretto convent. Bisbee, Ariz.
Paul Boulanger, 70 Boulevard Vic
tor Hugo, cour Beriout. Calais Sud.
Pes de Calais. Adoptel by Loretto
convent, Bisbee ,Ariz.
Eusobrie Boimare, 17 rue des Ro
siers, Argenteuil, Seine et Oise. Adopt
ed by Loret'o convent. Bisbee, Ariz.
Henriette Boimare, 17 rue des Ro
siers, Argenteuil, Seine et Oise. Adopt
ed by Loretto cneonvt, Bisbee, Ariz.
Henriette Boimare, 17 rue des Ro
siers, Argenteuil, Seine et Oise. Adopt
ed by Bisbee high school, Bisbee, Ariz.
Andre, Brabant, 13 rue Cheret Cre
tcll, Seine. Adopted by Bisbee high
school, Bisbee, Ariz.
Marlus Carel, Monetier les Bains.
Hautes-Aplcs. Adopted by Bisbee high
echoolf Bisbee, Ariz.
Aliette Carre, Aunay sous Auneau.
Eure et Noir. Adopted by Bisbee high
school, Bisbee. Ariz.
Marc Carre. Aunay sous Auneau.
Eure et Noir. Adopted by Bisbee high
school. Bisbee. Ariz.
Pierre Boilleun. 53 rue Ernest-Re-nan.
Issyles-oulineaus, Sniee. Adopted
by Bisbee high school, Bisbee, Ariz.
! Andre Preon. 35 Route de Sirhnois,
Argenteuil. Seine et Oise. Adopted by
Bisbee junior high school. Bisbee.
Ariz.
Georges Brifsaud. St. Etienn de
c". Gcoirs Isere. Adopted by Miss
Mary Caroline Coles. Bisbee, Ariz.
Marcel Bitot. Venoix Calvados.
Adopted by Mrs. M. C. Hiph, Bisbee.
Ariz.
Ferdinand Borne. 7 Impasse de la
Ferine. St. Maur, Seine. Adopted by
Edward C. Campbell, jr., and George
Bertram Smith, Risbee, Ariz.
HAD SUFFERED FOR
NEARLY 30 YEARS
.
Edwards Had Rheumatism So
Bad Couldn't Turn Over
in Bed Tanlac Brings
Relief.
"Do you know before I began tak-
well man already, but I am going
to keeP on taking Tanlac until I am
collfifiajl avArv cao.) ff that nwful rhoil.
- i .
mutism is out of my system. Tanlac
s th greatest medicine I ever heard
Praise laniac enougn.
Rheumatism is not only one of the
most prevalent, but one of the most
painful and difficult to treat of a!!
present day diseases. When the di
gestive organs and bowels are not
working .properly, and the kidneys
become clogged up, the whole system
becomes deranged and saturated with
"rio acid and other parts of the body
ana prcauce tae cohuiuuns Kiiuwn at
rheumatism.
.Tanlac is a powerful reconstructive
tonic and quickly overcomes this con
dition by acting -directly on the vital
organs toning them up and enabling
them to perform their proper func
tions so that the impurities are soon
eliminated from the system in a na
tural way. Liniments and external
applications as a general thing only
a'.ford temporary relief. Tanlac is ,a
constitutional treatment and gets right
at the root of the trouble by remov
ing the cause.
"Tanlac Is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Bail, in Douglas by Douglas Drug Co.,
in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in Bowie
by Bowie Drug Store, in San Simon by
J. B. Cooke, in Willcox by A. A. Nich
olson, in Lowell by Lowell Drug Co.,
and in Benson by C. F. Moss Phar
macy." Adv.
STRIKE DELAYS SHIPS.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
QUINCV, Mass.. Nov. 2. The strike
of 3508 employes of the Fore River
plant of the Bethlehem Shipbuilding
company is declared to have been' re
sponsible for the failure of the com
pany to carry out plans to launch two
government vessels today.
H. W. Wakeman of the plant said
that no effort would be made to im
port strikebreakers and that the strik
ers would be taken back to work when
they were ready to return.
Ladies! Keep It
on The Dresser
Few drop on corn or callua
stops pain, then they lift off.
Your high heels have
put corns on your toes and
calluses on your feet, but
why care now?
This tiny bottle holds an
almost magic fluid. A
genius in Cincinnati dis
covered this ether com
pound and named it freez
one. Small bottles of freez
one can be had at any drug
store for a few cents. Nev.
er limp or twist your face
in pain again, but get a
bottle of freezone and ap
ply a few drops on your
ender, aching corn or cal
lus. Instantly the soreness
lisappears and shortly you
will find the corn or callus
so shriveled and loose that
you lift it off with fingers.
Just think! You get rid
of a hard com, soft corn
lor a corn between the toes, as well as
hardened calluses, without suffering
one particle, without the slightest irri
tation of the surrounding skin. Just
a touch of freezone on a sore corn
fives instant relief. Adv.
I
MUifmmWM sir iU
' iW WwP OTl
vMiiM (xy sqmx&
pjy , . n j t . c-' ' ? t 1 '
FIRESTONE. Rims are anotlier example
of Firestone leadership. If all cars
were equipped vitli .Firestone Rims,
motorists would save millions of dollars
a year. Tires now worn out unevenly
z.Tid prematu-"ely on squeaking, webtly
rir.3 would &ive more miles of service aud
infir.i:e;y more satisfaction to owners.
Only Rim Mads by
Tire Maker
Firestone !or. c&o realized tKat a g,ocd Rl:u
was ecsential to tire satisfaction. TKe market
was searched and none vas found. So
Firestone went into the Rim business that
car owners miht have a 100 per cent rim.
Time has proven that tire men can build
the best Rim.
1
!
EASTERN SPORTING
IIIIIILIl ILLLwKUwWi I
EOS FITZSiMMQNS;
j
i
A famous New York sport writer!
paid tribute to the memory of the late i
Bob Fitzsimmons, in his paper as fol
lows: Men paid their last respects to Bob;
Fitzsimmons, fighting man, in this city j
the other day. They came f.'om fal j
and near, men who had loved tiie 1
quain: warrior, men who had fought i
him toe to toe in ferocious tests of
courage and breeding, men who had
worked with him and gloried in his '.
conquests all these and more, cann1 j
to hear a last word or two of '"Bob."
Their very presence at the Campbell j
Funeral church was a tribute to the ,
memory of the man who was supreme;
as a modern gladiator.
There came a little niau. A very
H'.tle man with white hair. He miugl- j
ed with the rest and nobody noticed
him because nobody knew him. U-:er. j
Joe Humphries failed to nod as the Ml-
tie man walked in silently and took up
a position near the 'jrgan, just s .I.m
Corbett was telling them that it was an !
honor to have been defeated by Bob ;
Fi.zsimmons.
The little man listened, drank in ev
ery word that Corbett said. !
Dunellen had sent Dr. John Hen-.
dricks over to tell them what Dunellen '
had thought of Fitzsimmons. the I
man. Dr. Hendricks liked Fitzsim-'
mons, and he said so in words that
bi'Jught tears to the eyes of every one,
and especially to the eyes of the little 1
white haired man who stood by the or-
gan.
"He was the plaything of the rough
world we live In," said Dr. Hendricks, i
"this man of nature, who was as bi as
Niagara, as powerlul as 'Ni?g?.n, as;
compelling as Niagara, whose heart j
was as pure as the gold heart of the
Rockies."
The little man s:ill listened a:id bow
ed his head in an approving wv. Al
ways he L'jwed his head.
Thcothey went away. All. save tl-e
little man with the white ha'r. lie
stood by ithe organ until the Iat per
son had left the room, and tin 11 moved
slowly toward a picture of Fitzsim
mons that stood on an ea?el at tiie
front of the room. It was an auto
graphed likeness .f the famous Coin
ishman, one that he had presented to
his old cronii D;in MctJinnity. Tiie
picture was set in an immense horse
shoe of iron, a border that ha-l been
wrought by Bob's own hands,
McGinnity had tried to conceal the
nature of the crude frame bv twining
FIRESTONE TIRE AND RUBBER COMPANY
Al'-rort, Ohio Branches and Deelcrs Everywhere
black crape around it. The li::l3 mail
bent over to read in E'jb's own Kctuwl.
" To Dan McGinnity A man's a man
for a' that."
"Bob Fitzsimmons was all that ev
ery bit one," said the little man.
'Did you know Bob?" some on-? .isk
ed as ihe little man 'mixed with Ui
throng in the foyer.
And then the little man, vlu.m no
body knew, told them.
"Did I KNOW Bob Fitzsimmons?
Man. I PLAYED with him when we
were t'jys in Helston, Cornwall. oer
forty years aso! Bob went to Australia
with his father, mother and some Jf h:.
brothers and sisters, and Bob wes 'he
younges: of ten. or twelve. I caire to
America.
"We didn't mee.t until one nig it af
ter he had beaten Dempsey. I went
around to the stae door at Hyue &
Bellman's, where he was giving an ex
hibition spar, and be came a-running
when they tcld him Tom Sandray "jf
Hel.-ton was out there to see him.
"He and I talked over our kid days.
I was five years older than Bobby. J;
wasn': so long ago that I met hint and
told him of my visit to Helsion twelve
years ago; how I went around ts see
the house in which he was b'jm. Tlie.v
all asked about Bob, for he was the':'
idol too.
"The house still stands, a little, old
miner's hut. Bob's father could step,
and don't forget it. I've seen i; print
ed that he was a minister. Th,at isn't
true. Bob's father was a policeman,
and he was a whole force in himself.
He could fight like a streak, and htr
the miners would get t.'j gay and start
trouble at some festival or country fair
old man Fitzsimmons, as powerful an
Bobby ever was. was riot squad, re-
1,:' It n
k1, '..--voi: the
ff. It mav tw .; t n 1 j a dir
"J with t.vwi foi.s .'" r.-n.nie and
dcnion.ara- ;(;! ui . . . tccrwrr
cnt of niiln tn;l -.jj Uwjklet
n "Care 01 1 1n- Sk;.i. ''
McDonalds Marinello Shop
Phone 305
t,ti.fUu.ilfrjlflt.pj
1 r . 1 b 11 r i ri 1 1 s i
s. i'rf J 1mm
fester 0 Mapnclb
Rose Lt:.f ..'city -.
Change Tiro in 5 Minutes
You can actually do this with Firestone
Rims. No wedges to stick, no bolts to bend
while prying then out. Of 184 car manu
facturers who use demcun table rims, 136,
cr ever 70 per cent, use Firestone Rims and
will furnish them without cost to you.
If your present car is not equipped with our
Rims, it will pay you to change to Firestone,
pay you in extra tire-mileage, freedom from
annoyance of squeaking rims. No matter
where you are, you are always near one of
our 52 branches, or one of our several
thousand c&ents and dealers who carry Rims
in stock and will serve you efficiently. No
other Rim ofTers you these advantages.
' serves and patrol all in one. Mr. Rolph A. Hanklnson has been
"He was tall, lanky and red-headed, j designated by the International Motor
the picture of young Bobby. It didii t j C ontests' association as the official
I make any difference how many tiif re ; referee of the meeting here, and he
i were to cart to jail, old mar. Fitz- announces that sucJi cars as the 290
simn.'jns would keep on cartint, one i horse power Fiat Submarine, the fa
under each arm. until he had them f-11 ; mous Kansas City speed creation, t!.
in safe keeping. The odd tiling about Sweeney Special, the 120 horse power
him was that he v.ould not wear the Deusenberg. which has already shown
usual policeman's helmet.
"I'm sorry that Cob has passed on. an hour at the Brighton Beach speed
; He was a credit to my nation ar.d rev way. New York. 'and a dozen other
home, and I'm sure that they'll always ! high powered cars will contest.
; love him and his :e:!iory, for even j l
i the children seemed to havt heard
, about the Wonderful fellow. I'll .vnte
:i
home to tell them :lbout this merrorLil
today. It will please thm. It wi ll
' please Helston so much."
j And the little man whom nobody
knew went awav.
FAMOUS RAGING CAR
WILL BE SEEN UPON
CTATC PDDIlMn
0 I H I L TIMU UntUitL)
Three Hundred Horsepower!
Blitzen Bens, With Bob!
Burman, Will Race Against
Time in Motor Speedway
Contests.
One of the big features of the motor
speed contest to be held at the state
i fair November 12-17, will be the np-
' pearance of the world famous speed
creation, the 300 horse power Blitzen
Benz No. 2. which was driven a miie
at Ormoud Beach. Florida, by the late
'Bob Burman in 25 1-5 seconds. The;
' Benz car will be driven here by the
universally known speed demon "Wi' l'
i Bill" Endicott. the veteran king cl ;
ithe dirt track's, who holds the world':-1
recor.l made on a half mile track a:'
Toledo. Ohio, in 1914. With the big
' Benz car this season Endicott feeis
i confident that he will clip a fraction
of time from some of the dirt trark
records he assays to go after.
A mile in 25 1-5 seconds Is certainly
a wonderful speed accomplishment.
ThipV i f i! Irto miles in one hour!
In five second's a falling body will
drop a distance of 10S5 fei't and in
the same space of time Bob Burm-in
has traveled in the Blitzen Benz a
distance of l'WO fert. Hence it is
very ensy to figure that an accident
of any kind to the Blitzen Benz trav-
ieing at that rate, would have resulted
jurt as disastrously to his anatomy as
:a thousand foot fall from an aeroplane.!
Ju-'i-;
a speed of a fraction under 111 miles
WAR TIME STRIKE -CRIMINAL
ascu ""' .
HOUSTON'. Tex.. Nov. 2. Denounc-
j ing as "little short of criminal" a war
i time strike in any industry needed
j for the successful prosecution of ho-
j.illties and defining the oil industry
r.s "the absolute heart of our navy."
Dr. Sidney J. Smith, chairman of the
southern district draft board, said h
r
would immediately ask his own board
to withdraw exemptions or discharges
granted on industrial grounds to all
registrants of military age involved
In the present oil workers' strike.
BROKEN DOWN
IN HEALTH
Woman TeOa How $S Worth
of Pinkhasa'j Coir.pousd
MaJa Her VeiL
XJra, Ohio. ' : I was all Irolc m dowa
in health from i. tlkpiaceaent. Qr. of ray
Ulj lneDus came to
ik..; za3 and she ad
'&ed mo ta Com
tner.ca tikirg Lydia
E. Pinkbiim'a Veg
etable Compound
esd to csa t yttia E
Tli.li tau '- ra-"n.: 1 ."e
Wash. I begun tik-i-i2
yocr removes
tad tock.$iCOworta
tnd ia two monthj
vrc3 a well vomon
after three doctors said I never would
rtand up straight agraa. I wes a mil
rrife for seven y"rs and I recommended
t je Vegetable Compound to r-.cry wo
nan to take before birth end after-T.-ards,
exd they ail pot ng ro nicer
that it surely is a godsend ta rciTerins
Tom-n. If women wi:n to wrtc to
rw I will be delighted to answr theI.
Mrs.JENNiB Motes, 342 MNorth St,
Una, Ohia
Women who srffor from d'splace
r.ients, weakness, inegMlarifies. ner
vousness, backache, or bearing-dow.!
pains, need the tonic properties of t3
.cots and herb contained in I.y ii E
l inkham's Vegetable Compound.
-
iliillllNllI!""!'!'! ''I!1'
mm FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 4, 1917.
EUt HSx&btt Daily iRtuitvu
Puplished Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Member of the Associated Press The Associated
Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication
of all news credited to it or not otherwise credited In
this paper and also the local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting AH Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
$ ittorad as Second Class Mall Matter at Blsbeo, .rlzon
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable Id Advance:
ft a month $ .'
THREE MONTHS 2.7
alX MONTHS 4.0
TWELVE MONTHS 7.t"
BtJNDAV (Oar Weekly) per year tM
eTNTMT Our Weekly) per quarter
rto Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cent.
PHONE NO. 39
Review subscrloers not receiving a copy of The Bisbe
Dally Review before 8 a. m. will est one promptly tv
pedal Western Union Messenger by telephoning tlr
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will eo
Ider ft a favor f the Irregularity of delivery Is reporteo
to the Circulation Department. .The Messenger servic
applies to Bisbee only.
Sunday Morning, November 4, 1917.
Russia
And now comes Kerensky and informs us. that Rus
sia is war weary and will quit for awhile, and leaving
a sort of half way promise that she will resume nexi
summer. He also asks the United States for leather,
iron and gold. Kerensky is late with his information.
Russia quit a year ago. But he did utter one truth what
he declared that Russia had helped the allies the first
of the war. Her aid at that time was invaluable. Sh
also beat the Austrian in two campaigns and crippled
that German ally past all restoration to her original
strength and vigor. But it was all under the old regime
that these fine events happened.
Since the revolutionists have been in power Russia
has done nothing but blunder and reel and shriek ani
plunge from one specie3 of folly to another. Kerenskv
himself, an enthusiast and an orator, failed utterly whe.i
at the tenith of his power and popularity. No' man o
set of men in that country have proven strong enough,
to even light a dim candle of hope in the darkness. So
cialists and anarchists and radicals and traitors an.'
fools hold forth in the high places.' The soldiers anJ
workmen's council is the worst enemy Russia ever hat1.,
not excepting the worst of her czars. It is about th-j
same as elevating the !. W. W. to control of city, stale
and national affairs in this country. i In fact, the com
pari son is so trite and so true as to be almost startling
in its distinctive likeness.
THs nation has loaned Russia a lot of money and
contemplates another immense loan. The security looks
bad. As an investment it resembles pouring money down
a rat hole for gain. There is no Russian government
worthy the name. Kerensky, its sole hope, has degen
erated' into a demagogue. Once he was a socialist. Later
he rose to be a patriot.
Only the approach of winter kept the Germans out of
Petrograd. Only the weakness of Austria and the lat?
Italian offensive kept the Austrians out of all the south
ern half of Russia. It is to be doubted if 100,000 German
soldiers are stationed ou the eastern front right now.
General Korniloff and Duke Nicholas, the only generals
worthy of mention in the country, are either in prison or
in exile,-placed there by a lot of hairy, wild-eyed curb
stcne orators. Six or seven million soldiers under arms
and carrying the flag of the revolution will not fight.
The factories have been closed by striking workmer.
The Riga seaport is lost. English, French and Japanese
cannon and small armi, furnished and transported at
great cost and effort, have been surrendered to the Ger
mans without a shot having been fired from their shiny
new muzzles.
And Kerensky tells us his country is tired and wisht-j
to quit for awhile. There had been suspicions that such
was the case before the premier spoke. And there L
not the slightest indication that Russia will come bac'i
in a year, or in ten. If Germany is not too weak next
spring to strike eastward, these freed Russian slaves
v ill havp a new master whose lash will make them sigh
for the weak and foolish czar they deposed. Their satut
nalia of folly will close with a hang when the Prussian
drill sergeants and vons take charge.
One hope, and one only, remains for Russia In this
war. and that is for a Japanese army to man the di
serted Russian front. The efforts and energy and gun
and men and gold of the allies should be massed on tn
western front where jyoi.e we can win the war.
The Sunday Sermon
Gen. Alvaro Obregon, who has changed the adobe
house and cactus setting snd sweep of Mexican sand fo'
the pleasures and palaces of Broadway, was. interviewed
the other day by a New York newspaper man and was
quoted as declaring that Mexico was pro-ally. He ex
plained away the German plots and agents with a nhrug
and a smile. And at that, it may be that the general's
little tour of the states will have a good effect. He has
been anything but friendly to America and Americans
in the past.
"Wisdom is the principal thing;
Therefore, get wisdom.
Yea, with all thy getting get understanding.
Exalt her and she will promote thee;
She will bring thee to honor, when thou dost embrace
her." Proverbs 4-7.
Solomon, wisest of all the children of men, never spoke
truer or wiser words than Uiese above. When given the
choice of any gift of God, he chose wisdom, and God
was so pleased with his discernment that He gave him
all things that men desire most in this world below.
That is the way with wisdom. He who seks and
finds her, finds all things. Wisdom has many handmaid
ens in her train, among them being Fame, Position.
Wealth, Glory, Satisfaction. As Solomon said, "Exalt
her and she will promote thee."
All men "were created equal but wisdom marks the
inequalities among them. In the early days of the world
strength classified the tribesmen as regards their prop
erty and power. But soon wisdom came with shtring
face and put strength aside and has ruled with undis
puted sway ever since.
The boy who uses his head will rule many boys who
use only their hands in the battle of life. The man who
burns the midnight oil ovr a wise old book will advance
past the man who does not. Poverty and ignorance walk
hand in hand, and it is the unlearned who must toil ihe
hardest '
By wisdom is not meant to be merely bright or bril
liant or absorb the lore of books or the polish of society
or the craft of business or the knack ef imitation. True
wisdom conies from much thought and study. It has a
tincture of philosophy and a touch of inspiration and a
little of genius and a lot of humility.
In the heart of every man is a desire for wisdom, but
indolence lulls this desire and love of pleasure pushes it
out of the heart. Like all things worth while, wisdom
can be acquired only after hard work. The young man
in this world of today who spends all his working honr3
at work and play is cheating himself but of the finest
gift from heaven to mankind. On the other hand, if he
will pore over the writings of the old masters, if lie will
make a study of mankind, if he will gaze long and often
at hill and stream and field; if he will stop often end
think of what be has read and what he has seen, a littl-
wisdom will come to him, and he will find that he has
opened his door to a most glorious guest, and who always
comes bringing rich gifts.
The chatter of fools is swallowed by silence v.hile their
lips still move, but the w rds of wise men live on.
But wisdom's greatest gift to its devotees is the quiet
satisfaction that it brings. When wealth takes wines
and friends depart and vanished youth has joined the
long train of yesterdays and sickness comes to rack the
body and try the soul, ah, how sweet then is Wisdom's
presence. v e turn eagerly to the printed page and rea l
of heroes and lovers and sages and martyrs of the old
times in words that burn. Our philosophy is a staff aud
our sentiment a lamp in the darkness. Wise maxims
come to us, and the inspiration of master minds wha
met the same glad and sad things we have met on ou.
pilgrimage road. Our minds are broadened and deepened
and strengthened by wisdom. It makes our temper
ashamed and teaches us the glory of kindness and shows
ns the true wonder of love and leads us in the thrice
blessed paths of charity and compassion.
Wisdom is the balance wheel of the spirit and the well
hat never runs dry. It enables us to attract worth while
friends to our side and to hold them there. And even
though it fails to bring us wealth or fame, it shames the
envy from our hearts and installs sweet eontentment in
its place.
Those who shout so loudly in the market places ahou.'
injustice and ill fortune and the rights of man, have not
wisdom, nor have they sought this free gift from on
high, or they would not be there at all. The man who
has read many and old books, the worth of which has
been proved by time, and who has thought deeply r,nd
who has stood reverent before the birth of the morning
and pondered under the silent stars, is not apt to ho
moved by the babble and the shoutings and the com
plaints and the chatter and the restless doctrines of the
demagogues and failures of the world, whose words make
up in volume for what they lack in wisdom.
She will bring thee honor when thou dost embrace
her." Nothing truer in the gospels than this. Wisdom
brings honor from friends and family! It crowns the brow
with a flame that burns on after death. It is the heart's:
ally and the soul's best earthly counselor and friend.
Turn occasionally, oh' ye heedless ones, from the froth
nd glilter and toil of the world to the seat of wisdom
t.nd bow there thoughtfully and earnestly to the king who
can help-us most to be worthy of ourselves and those who
love us and to the King of Kings who made us in His
l:kenesw.
County Briefs
Walter Cox of Mountain View diec
Tuesday. October 23, after a linger
ing illness. Interment was in ht
Masonic cemetery at Willcox.
H. L. Robinson, of Robinson &
Harris. El Paso, purchased 10,000
head of cattle through the Cooke &
Johnson firm this week.
Brief State Notes
1; is believed in Phoenix that the
supreme t'jurt may hand down a de
cision In the gubernatorial contest
case during the next week.
The Mascot company has shipped
that mine 60 cars o 50 tons' capacity
each this month on the 29th. The out
put of ore will thus be greater than in
any previous month.
The Tombstone ladies working- for
the Red Cross are preparing to give
a big dinner on the ten h of this
month. Tombstone has been doing its
bit in war work in answer to every
call.
Little Garrison Wilson, son of Mr.
and Mrs. L. G. Wilson of this city.
accidentally broke an army Friday
while playing see-saw with bis little
playmates. He was taken to a hos
pital in Tucson, where the broken
member was set.
Albert Knierr of San Joaquin. Cal..
purchased 1500 steers from the John
son Cook Cattle company of Will
cox this week.' Mr. Knierr shipped
500 head Tuesday and will ship the
remaining 1000 from November 8 tolO.
John Rothery of Glencoe, Scotland,
and his partner, William Postleth-
waite of Hashingden, England, both
mining men, who have been at Do3
Cabezas, left for Miami a few days
ago.
A feature jf th-i Southern Arizoa
fair at Tucson today will be an expert
aeronaut who will give exhibitions in
the air.
State Engineer Thomas Maddock
has been in Santa Cruz county this
week inspeciing work on the Nogales
Tucson highway now being constructed.
Barney Old field. irMed automobile
racer, is a Phoenix visitor this week.
Oldfield is well known in the Capital
CUy and made the road race from
Los Angeles to Phoenix on two form
er state iair occasions.
AS MAN TO MAN
HIS HOUSE
BY THE SIDE
Approximately $72,500 represents
the total net value of the producers in
the Salt River valley of the Irish po
tatoes shipped during the past season.
The Presbyterian training school for
Indians near Tucson was placed under
rigid quarantine by County Physician
Gotthelf upon the discovery of a rase
of smallpox in the Institution.
Col. Geo. P. White, commanding a
battalion of the Seventeenth cavalry
a: Globe and Miami, has been promot
ed to a full colonelcy. He went from
Douglas 'to Globe in connection with
the recent strike in that district. .
Professor Laird, accompanied by
Sis family, arrived In Willcox Friday.
Professor Laird will be the principal
of the Willcox high school. He cam:
from Danville, Ind., where he was
president of the normal college.
A man with a telesrepe would have had hard work
any time the past forty days or nights to have found a
cloud in the Arizona skies. Streaming sunshine all day
long, every day, and white moonbeams flooding the val-
J. K. McPorald, accused of passim;
number of worthless checks in ani
around Douglas, Friday was boun 1
over to the action of the superior
'ourt by Justice of the Peace Dunlep.
Two cases against the man were sub
mitted and bail was set at $500 !:i
one case and $25 Oin the other.
Says the Tombstone Prospector:
"We just knew that's all, that the
second Liberty loan would be a suc
cess and it makes us feci proud th?'
Cochise county has proven herself
?gain the banner county in the stats
of Arizona.
Jchn Howell, 70. a native of Ens-
land and a boilermaker by trade, who
worked for a nunibar of. years in ths
mines of Chihuahua before the Mexi
can revolution, died in the county hos
pital Thursday night. He had been
in the Institution since January 3. Ho
was once a Mascn, but it is not be
lieved he was still a member when
he died.
Duck and small quail are plentiful
this year in the Salt River valley, more
so than for many seasons, say sports
men who have enjoyed days afield. Sel
dom it is, they state, that the experi
enced hunter returns without his bag
limit.
Application has been made at head
quarters for organization of a garrison
of the army and navy league at No
gales, and the charter Is expected a:
any day. The new organization will
s;art with a goodly membership em
bracing ex-soldiers from the civil,
Spanish. Phillipine and Indian Wars,
with many who have seen service in
the regular army.
am a most impo'tant matter, an, i!
you please, we al! would like to with
draw and consult with de anlriiera
OF THE ROAD demse'vea and de o:ber colored folks
befo" we decides."
The fat cook descended from the' La'e that evening the committee
throne of his dignity and smiled a Presented itself with great dignity and
little and scraped and bowed to those solemnity before the ladies and an
at his board. The newspaper man nounced that they had arrived at a
was praising, his raisin bread. "Jack decision. "Well, who have you de
learned me to bake it. sir," he saH,cided upon?" asked one of the ladiesi
"and Jack Is a prime one at the oven ' "We done decided ' we wants Dr.
and the dough." j Shine," replied the spokesman, and
Jack, Happy Jack Ashford, was mine ,n nis tones there sounded an irrevo
host to the newspaper man that Sab- cable conclusion.
bath day at his house by the side of' "But whr Dr. Shiner asked the
the road that leads to the Huachuchas. aA ,n "ne surprise. "He is not an
With bis hands spread out and wav- orator, nor is he even in the habit of
lng like the sails ot a windmill and making public speeches."
his gray hair and beard bristling with j "Dat may be, ma'am," replied the
eagerness, he had dragged the new- committee chairman, with simple dig
paper man within the portals of hlsin,t' "bu' be done understan' de col
home in order to serve to him th'Sior,?d rac. he have der bes intrusts
About 150 miners and srael-ernie.i
have left Jerome and Clarkdale for
Globe and Miami, to take up their old
jobs, now that the strike has been de
clared off in those tamps. Mos of
these men left Globe merely to avoid
trouble, though still maintaining their
unlcn connections. There has been
j over-plus of labor in those camps and
more man enougn men are lert to oil
the mines.
Several civilians who were wearing
army regulation olive drab shirts wero
compelled to take them off Thursday
nisht in Douglas. The provost mar
shal took the men in custody, told
them the law prohibiting the wea'rin;
of any part of a soldier's uniform, ard
then sent them home under guard of a
M. P., and had them take their shirts
off.
Deputy Sheriff John Allen of Grant
county. New Mexico, is paralyzed from
the waist down as the result of beln?
shot in the right side, the bullet
grazing his spine. The shooting oc
curred at the 85 mine, where Allen
ihad been a watchman. Chief Deputy
Sheriff Stanley Olmsted surrenderel
to Sheriff H. J. McGrath soon after
the shooting. Allen formerly was in
the employ of the Corralitas Cattle
company. He has a wife and three
children and formerly lived near San
Simon.
Announcement was made Thursday
in Tombstone of a change in the busi
ness circles of that city, when Wil
liam J. Boyd of Douglas, who has been
there the past few weeks managing
the drug s'ore establishment of the
late Ed R. Flach. announced that he
had taken a half Interest in the firm.
and henceforth it will be Known un
der the firm name of Boyd & Flach.
Mr. Boyd is an experienced pharma
cist and is well known in Tombstone.
and having severpd all business ties
at Douglas, where he was located, wi'l
mke Tombstone his permanent home.)
His family will go tin-re at a later
date.
Possibly the first death among the
Arizonans in the national army is that
of James .Peterson, at Camp Funston,
of pneumonia. For a number of years
he had been a resident of Snowfiake.
He claimed no exemption, although it
is known that he was threatened with
tuDercuiosis. The change to an in
clement climate proved too severe.
at heart,, and de colored people have
pncit confidence in him. Dey say
dey want him and no one else."
The newspaper man takes off his
battered old felt hat to Dr. F. E. Shins
and bow low. This eminent surgeon,
head of the splendid Copper Queen
hospital staff, has won many and high
honors, and the more thoughtless of
his friends might be inclined to sneer
because undue emphasis is placed up
on his selection by these humble folk
to address their simple little dinner
party.
But It is not so. The colored man
has an unerring Instinct in his clas
sification of the Individuals of the
proud white race. He fawns and bows
and scrapes and accepts our tips and
our wages and our old clothes; he
laughs Immoderately at our poor wit
ticisms, and he does our bidding with
both real and pretended cheerfulness.
But all the time he has us sized up
with the most profound shrewdness
and exact accuracy for the exact place
e snouia really occupy in the world's
warehouse of worth and wisdom. Un
der the black mask of his wide smile
the simple colored man chooses, sorts
and indexes hid lordly white brother
with the same speed and certainty
that a dog or a little child picks its
friends and indicates its natural ene
mies. No man is a hero to his valet. The
bootblack and the Pullman porter and
the dining room waiter and the chauf-
the sunshine, and pointing to his hum- ,eur n1 tne gardener and the butler
raisin bread and sundry pieces oi
young turkey heaped high in the bak
ing pan.
"Of course, he can cook zoo 3 read."
said Jack, "didn't I learn him myself.
and I'm the best bread baker in the
state of Arizona. He learned quick,
because I made him eat the bad
batches himself. That' the only way
to learn "em."
And Jack raved on, leading the
newspaper man past his row of fruit
trees, waist high, and calling his husky
turkeys to parade In grand review be
fore them in the glorious sunshine.
And the newspaper man thought what
a game, brave, cheerful little old man
he was as he sawed the air with his
calloused hands and waved his chin
whisker like a flag, as be talked on
and on about dry farming and wind
mills and wells and sickness and sor
row end help and healing and hop
and happiness forevermoro.
His windmill clanks all day so that
thirsty pilgrims who pass may have
water. His door stands open and his
heart is as warm and kind as that oi
a little child. Jack has nursed and
fed and cheered many a worn and
broken pilgrim in his day. He is a
part of the Huachuchas. standing at
the gate to soften with his smile and
his flow of words the grim, stern, hard
outlines of those mountain peaks.
"This is the finest home In the
world," he shouted, walking excitedly
about in his dooryard, bareheaded i
Mrs. Gertrude Florsheim, sister of
Mrs. Eva Mansfield and of Leo and
Alfred Goldschmidt passed away in
Tucson this week. She was 77 years
old and came to Tucson in the seventies.
ble cabin and little 'yard and strag
gling rows of trees and ranch grass
that fought for Its life in the pasture
Well, at that, he may be right. It
is the master's heart and not the arch
itect's drawings that makes the finest
home.
On the walls of his kitchen. Jack
has pasted the following words:
"Goodness and prosperity shall fol
low me all the days of jny life; my
cup runneth over." And it may well
be so. The house of hospitality is
thrice blessed. The hand that holds
the cup of cold water for the thirsty;
shall not his own cup run over? The
4 Master promised that it should be so.
As the newspaper man drove away
he glanced back for a moment. The
big turkeys strutted In the dooryard
and the little man stood among them
prouder than the proudest of these
'and the fiddler and the cotton picker
ana me janitor and the porter and
the steward on the cood and the
crapshooter, all these know the white
man at his true worth. But they keep
their opinions closely to themselves.
Only the chosen are admitted to know
the black man's real thoughts and pre
ferences and worship and fears, His
instinct to dodge work and danger and
scent security and ease and sense the
greatness and littleness of the mas
ters of the earth came to him direct
from the wilds.
So when these colored people, pre
paring for tthe great event of their
lives, beset by the solemnity of the
occasion, alive to their importance be
fore the community for a day. and
with their best foot forward, sought
for a spokesman their hearts told them
that none but the greatest and the
There has been a regular shake-up
in Nogales over the poor service of
the telephone exchange in that city. As
a result several operators have beea
fired and the district manager prom
ises better service for the future.
Knox Corbet:, pioneer and popular
citizen of Tucson where he served for
sixteen years as postmaster, has re
turned home after an absence of nine
months. He visited a brother in Cali
fornia, another in Hawaii and his
mother, who resides in Sumprer. N. C.
Fifteen hundred men trow Camp
Funston, Kan., en route by the Santa
Fe to Camp Kearney, Cal., were
served doughnuts as their troop train
reached Winslov and with coffee and
fruit again at A.;h Fork, the whole
being t.ie gift of the Phoenix chapter
of the Red Cross.
A NogaIe3 correspondent says Santa
Cruz county has contributed almost
$200,000 to the second Liberty Loan.
This amount is about $lt0.000 short
of the quota asked for by the ie.iler.il
government, but when it is considered
that 75 per cent of the money deposit
ed in the Nogales banks in Mexican
money or money deposited by citizens
of Mexico, this Is i.t a bad showing.
Samuel Pattee held down the su
perior court bench at Tombstone yes-
Mca is in the position of being the
only city in Arizona, which owns l:s
own gas and electric plant, water
works and sewers. The final transfer
from the Southside Gas and Electric
...i.nn ....t.... stfrtna. . ,
lt i u Muiitr I n uun iuiiiiij utu' inn nam' n a a mono ian n..
holders, judges and lawyers tried to wa8 handed over bv the Salt River
show that they ought to get their Valley bank to Harry ( handles, .he
salaries as per the 1901 act. The 1917 ; manager of the Gas & Electric corn-
act seems to have left the trifling' pany.
matter of county salaries away up in s
the air. County Attorney Ross will With the loyalty tj their 'hon e
try to show the court why he ought town" s'.ill running strong. Gen. and
that he had wrought from the desert
and at his house by the side of the
road. Well, he has a right o be
proud.
birds. He was looking at his farm j bet would d0- They wanted a man
" new me colored man through
and through, and who, whether he sail
hiuch or little, would hit the spot in
a colored man s heart. And so they
picked on Dr. Shine, head surgeon for
the Copper Queen, and the son of an
old Southern house.
And the newspaper man. who know
something of the colored man's lit
tle ways and fancies and of his in
stincts that pierce shams and chican
ery like a lance, holds his hat in his
hand while this white man of the
South speaks to the black men who
had called for hira in the hour of their
greatest triumph to tell (them the
way they should go.
HIT HARD
AND SMILE!
AND YOU'LL WIN!
In the billiard room of the Copper
Queen hotel is a little man by the
name of Jerry, who presides at the
tables. Jerry shoots what they call
a dirigible ball, which is to say, the
ball he hits travels around and around
the table until flcally it falls Into a
pocket, even though it missed thej
pocket towards which Jerry directed
it in the first place.
And those who play with Jerry say j J
loud and harsh and profane things
about his luck. But Jerry just smiles
and goes on winning games.
But there is something more nan, i,i,.k s fathpr is a busy man.
lurk in the way that Jerry plays a! And t,OUKh he never quite forge's.
Poet's Corner
THE DOG HE LEFT BEHIND.
pool game. He shoots hard! and he
smiles!
If all the gents who come-to Jerry"?
tables to play pool will always shoot
and hit and fight hard in the game
of life, and smile, they will win that
game just as Jerry wins at pool.
Hit hard and smile! The conihina-
Uis days pass in a giddy whirl
Tis Dick's old dog that pines and
frets.
All day he wanders restlesifly
From street to street about tiie
place;
And searches with an aching soul
And mournful eye for one dar face.
tion cannot he beaten in any game
To the thoughtless. Jerry is just " ? Ii-k' mother, too, is' full of cares;
lucky pool player. But to those who! And though her heart oft flics to
are humble and anxious to learn the ,-ranre
lessons of life and keen to observe Stili household duties. Red Cross
the signposts along the way. Jerry is work.
a philosopher, teacher and guide every
time he takes his cue and plays a
game.
leys every night. It Is the Lord's fall benediction upon jto get his salary, and will also try to, Mrs. A. J. Sampson, pioneers of the
His desert people (show the same judge that Sheriff Salt Klver valley, sent subscriptions to
(Wheeler should not get his back sa!-1 phoenix for $70 worth of Liberty
iary. His position as county prosecu- bonds. The Sampsons are in Ca'.lfo--By
placing manufacturers and wholesaler. -of : fo'rl'i tor oats him in an odd position. Atlnia.' but the -pride tbey stlir hold for
hfrt he probably noes not want to t-nocnix movea mem rj innn tneir sup
see Wheeler skinned out of any mon-jport to the Liberty loan in Arizona.
under license the food administration Is convinced that
abnormal and unreasonable profits have been made im
possible for the period ot the war. This stringent regu
lation Is in full effect at this time. Its results will bo
watched with interest by the struggling consumer.
THE HIGHEST
TRIBUTE THEY
COULD PAY
"Whom do you wish to address you
at your dinner?" asked one of the la
dies of the committee in charge of that
little
work.
Give troubled thought but
chance. ,
Old Laddie never heard of France:
He only knows that dusk no more
Brings to his ever listening ear
That well known footstep on the
floor.
Hick'.-, sweetheart loves him tenderly.
But she is young and brave and gay.
And youth's elastic foot
Can dance the saddest hours away.
feature of the entertainment of the Old Laddie's feet drag heavily:
ey. It's p queer nilxup. but Fattee
colored contingent of Cochise count v.
She addressed the all important quo-1
tlon to a delegations of colored citi-
The general says he's a "lef.f" bit too tens who were assisting in the details,
He drops beside an empty chair;
He sleeps outside a fast-closed door
And dreams his master still Is there.
MARY PARKS.
may be able to straighten it out. and
he certainly ought to with the cost of
living for county officials going up thej the kaiser he's golnc to d-
way it Is now. did.
old to shohler a gun. but if tn-:.! is any , of the work,
way he ran help Arlcna t' the c an to I The chairman
of this delegation 1 Robert E. Pret low vf Seattle, elected
And he ! srratrncd his head and shuffled his clerk of the five year meeting of the
I feet. "I (In no ma'am." h- said. "It Friend 'THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 4, 1917.
FIVE
City Briefs
Haa anyone Tlslled youT Or
have you entertained T If so, call
the Review alter p. m and tell
the Society Editor, PLone 39.
,
HAVE RETURNED
James Dye and wife have returned
from Ajo were they have been for
the past two weeks on a visit to their
daughter, Mra. F. E. Davis.
FOR BALL FUND
Those who wish to contribute to the
baseball fund for the benefit of the
soldiers in France can do so by calling
at the cigar store of E. B. Wallace and
signing the list and donate what ttK'y
wish. J'jhn Eddy of the ratr store
has already sent $15 to Clark Griffith
at Washington to add to the fund.
BACK TO CANANEA
Dr. I. B. Hamilton, who was in the
city for several days, has returned to
his home at Cananea. He was here
on a visit to his family.
WERE IN TOMBSTONE
Alexander Murray and wife were in
Tombstone yesterday. Mr. Murray
was called there on business before
the superior court. They returned
home late in the afternoon.
SENT TO FUNSTON
F. A. Jackson, a colored man, who
resided at Ft. Huachuca was sent to
Camp Funston last night by the local
exemption board. Jackson did not re
ceive his notice in time to go with the
other boys but came in here as soon as
he did receive it and was cent to the
camp by himself.
Back of tlZ2ver There (Special Sample Sale of
(BY NED WHITE)
Bisbee, Arizona.
IN FROM RANCH
William Dauis was in the city yes
terday from his ranch near Cowan's
Pass. He reports cattle in that local
ity as being in good condition.
FROM DOUGLAS
G. B. Knowles, the Phelps Dodge au
ditor, was in the city yesterday from
his headauarters in Douglas. He will
remain for several days.
ON CAMPING TRIP
John Riting and family left yester
day for the Chiricahua Mountains
where they will remain for several
days on a camping trip.
FROM TUCSON
C. F. Dutton, postoftice inspector for
the Southern, District of Arizona, with
headquarters at Tucson was in the city
yesterday jn official business.
FROM TOMBSTONE
William Baker came over yesterday
frcm Tombstone and expects to make
his future home in this city. He has
resigned his position there with the
Eunker. Hill Alines company.
hold its first meeting Tuesday even
ing, November 6, at 7:20 o'clock. In
the high school building. In addition
to those who have already indicated a
desire, there may be others who wish
to take up the study of shor:hand at
FROM CANANEA this time. These who are interested
Charles Wis wall, general manager of should enroll before the first meeting
FROM FAIRBANK
Rotfert Redd, constable at Fairbank.
was in the city yesterday. He is" a
brother-in-law of T. R. Brandt, the
cashier who was shot, and came over
here with him on, the special train.
He will remain for a few days. He
was wounded himself" several years
ago by a Mexican whom he was try
ing to arrest.
BRISCOE WILL CASE
The Briscoe will case was up for
trial in Tombstone yesterday in the
superior court ylth Judge S. L. Patttee
of Pima county tn the bench in the
place of Judge Lockwood who is in
Florence. Quite a number of Warren
District residents were in Tombs lone
as witnesses in the matter.
i
HAS RETURNED '
Sheriff Harry Wheeler returned yes-
terday afternoon from Tombstone,!
where he was .called on account of
the reports that an attempt would "be
made to take Fred Koch from tbfc' jail
end lynch bim. The people have quiet
ed down and there seems to be no
danger of the man being taken from
the custody of the officers.
Back of our Boys in the Navy
Back of our Boys over there
Back of our Boys in the trenches
Back of our Boys in the air
Back of our Senate and Congress
Firmly our President stands;
Determined, yet just and patient.
With the reins of a nation in hands.
And hack of the Nation the Mothers!
I Our womanhood, noble and fair;
Back of the men in high places,
Back of our Boys over there.
Countless the hearts that are aching,
Countless the lips moved in prayer
For our Boys who tonight in the trenches
Are facing the enemy there.
Our Nation's fair w omen, God bless them!
They gave all on earth they hold dear ;
With a smile on their faces pathetic.
When back of each smile is a tear.
Yes back of the men in high places,
And back of our Boys over there.
The Mothers, the Wives and the Sweethearts
Are lovingly doing their share.
NEW CLASS ORGANIZING
A new class in shorthand is being
Organized at the night school, and will , Tnis appiies to men who, though class
lfied as slackers, have surrendered be-
FIRST TO GO
Eligible males who have failed to
present themselves for examination
when sumnVjned will be the first called
hereafter for Ae training camps, ac
cording to information received from
Provost Marshal General Crowder
the Cananea Cattle company, was in
the city yesterday on a short business
trip. .He left for heme during the
afternoon.
WAS IN TOMBSTONE
Judge Morris C. High was in Tomb
stone yesterday on business before the
superior court. , He reports that con
siderable business was transacted in
the court yesterday.
"jf the class on Tuesday evening.
VISITING BROTHER
Clyde E. Dill of Chicas'j, Uiinois, a
brother of A. A. Dill of the Citizens
Bank and Trust Company, is here for
a few days. Mr. Dill is connected
with the Illinois Central railroad.
SON ARRIVES
The home of O. S. French and wife
jf Tombstone Canyon was brightened
Friday morning by the arrival of a nine
pound boy. Mother and son are both
doing nicely.
CAR STOLEN
The sheriff's office hereVas notified
yesterday tllat a Maxwell touring car
bearing the Arizona license No. 2447
had been stolen at Tucson on Friday
night and to arrest the men in the
car. The upholstering of the car was
hadly worn and the speedometer was
out of order. A lookout was kept by
the officers during the day, but no
trace of the car was had.
fore gaining for themselves the brnua
of certified deserters. They will be
givea distinguishing numbers and call
ed at once for examination.
FROM DEMOCRATA
E. K. McKrittrick was in the city
yesterday from the Democrata Camp
near Cananea. He reports the com
pany as turning out the usual monthly
output of copper bullion. He will re
turn to that camp this morning.
HAVE RETURNED
Mrs. Nellie Dalglish and Mrs. H. H.
Hughart who have been here for a few
days on a visit . friends and relatives
have returned to their home in Tombstone.
PARENT-TEACHER ASSOCIATION
The Paren '.-Teacher association of
the(Lincoln school will hold a meeting
on Tuesday evening, November 6, at
7:30 o'clock, at which time there willl
be considerable important business to
be transacted. After the business
meeting the "community sing" will be
started. This movement is just be
ginning and is of national scope. Re
freshments will be served.
SMELTEft FOR WILLCOX
H. C. Kimball is back in Willcox
from Salt Lake City, where he had
been for several weeks for the pur
poss of Interesting Salt Lake City
capitalists in the prospect of erecting
a custom smelter at Willcox. He states
that the matter is being considered
and that representatives of the cor
GET MINERAL LAND
Eleven .mineral land applications
have been granted by the federal land
o3iee last m'jnth, which is a record for
the office according to Receiver John J.
Birdon. Applications were gran.ed to
the Oatman United Gold Mining com
pany, the Copper State Mining com
pany, Iowa Gold Mines company. Bun
ker Hill Mines company, Alfred Rabob
liatti and Mrs. Francesca' Nigro In a
co-partnership. United Verde Exten
sion, the Phelps L'Jdge Corporation,
and several others.
MKMBER OF I. C. C.
CAUSES EXCITEMENT
A trail of lood early yesterday
morning along the sidewalks and Main
street caused a number of pedestrians
to wander what had1 happened. In
vestigation disclosed the fact that Of
ficer Mooney had attempted to kill
a dog and had shot him through the
neck and the dog left the trail of
blood behind him as he endeavored
to make bis escape, which he finally
did.
... nn
ft
STATE FAIR BOXES
The final drawing for boxes at the
state fair will be held at the chamber
of commerce rooms in Phoenix at II
o'clock a. m. November 5, under the
same rules as the 'first drawing. There
are only a few boxes left and a num
ber of applications are on file. It is
prcbatle not all can be accommodated.
THE BRISCOE CASE
Owing to the absence of one of the
principal witnesses,, the will case of
the late Samuel Briscoe has been
again postponed for final settlement.
It is expected that the case will come
up in about 10 days.
cern will be mere snortiy 10 inesu- those wno want b0xes should send
gate the proposition. -n their applications and checks
I prompt!. Boxes are $5 each, seating
ON WAY HOME 'six persons.
.lames Harrigan was in the city
yesterday on his way home from
Douglas to ToSnbstone. He was in
Tombstone at the time of the attempt-,
ed holdup, and states that there was
considerable excitement on the streets
and that the robber made his way
i down the street between hundreds-of
school children who were just coming'
from school for dinner.
IN NEW QUARTERS
The Warren District Commercial
club is now comfortably located in its
new offices in the Copper Queen Hotel.
The old brokerage office ha6 been fit
ted up and n'jw Secretary Egan is
pleased. He has a new cabinet with
a good display of n-lnerals and others
are io be added. There will also je au
exhibit of food and farm products from
the .surrounding county. Exhibits oi
tiiis kind are wanted- by the club.
There is plenty of room for the holdirtu
jf small meetings.
TO LOS ANGELES
Miss Msrsuerite Stoltz left last!
Thursday evening on the Golden State j YOUNGSTER IS BURNED
Limited for Los Angeles, where she Emil Wallot, an eight-year-old boy
will remain several months for the living in Johnson Addition, was badly
benefit of her health. (burned yesterday afternoon when gas-
Uiline with which he was playing was!
HAS RETURNED jsuddenly ignited. It would appear that GUARD LIVE STOCK
irg Rn:ith ha returned from a triD : wnv vorn2strK had secured some' In order to prevent a
to the Mowry Mine in Santa Cruz gasoline and were pouring it upon the, the Kansas City
county. He reports thai section of i gravel and then throwing a match
the county as beink quite liely andUI)nn it. In some manner the burne-1
considerable mining going on.
ON VACATION
Miss Annie Harupsien. of the Postal
Savings Department of the local post
office will leave next week on her an
nual vacation. She will take in the
state fair at Phoenix before she re
turns here.
recurrence Oi
stockyards fire, in
which many hundred head of cat ..t
were destroyed, letters are beinz seni
I. ...i.w v... ki.,-, i nut hv V. W Ktpiihens. secre-i'.r.' Oi
nov mine imo iuinoi wmi wib.i - . -
the. state livestock sanitary commis
sion, warning cattlemen to take ex
ceeding precaution that the plo:s ol
alien enemies are not carried into e
feet, Timothy A. Kferdan. state food
commissioner, has received a telegram
from Herbert Hoover, warning him
that cabals are reported on foot to de
strov Arizona livestock.
AUTO ACCIDENT
Tiie auto car of the Louisiana-Arizo-
I na und the auto of Konrad Schmidt col
lided on the Car Stop Hill above L'
i well, Friday nieht and considerable
damage was done to both cars and the
occupants. Mrs. .Roper who was in
, u-l.ti 1w T7r.no. m-ou hnrtlv ri!
i iiic iai " nil .111. ii.'iiti -.- -..- w -j
in the face and it was necessary to j
Mrs. James Warrach of the local iiave Kjx stitches taken In one of the MARRIAGE LICENSES
nostoffice Is spending a short vacation; rtH Mrs. Schmidt who was in the I The following marria
trip at San Diego and visiting with j rar -jrn ner husband was also cut in
her husband at Linda Vista. She was the face.
formerly Miss Bedore and was rwent-
Warrach of TAKEN TO NACO
ly married to Lieutenant
the First Arizona.
e licenses
weie issued out of the superior four
in Tombstone during the past week:
Leonard DeConza to wed Maud Fuller,
both of Bisbee; Fred C. J. Eberhardt
Clarence May, the colored man who I to wed Mabel S. Osello, both of Doug
tried f escape from the train taking 'las; C. B. Marshall to ed Lola Hat
the colored contingent out of this city j held, both of Douglas; Edward Hoad
last Tuesday, was taken to Naco today ley to ed Ruth Miller, both of Doug-
Alfred Sparks t'j wed Jessie
both of Douglas: William C.
WITH SUPERVISORS
Miss M. Candy, who was formerly
in the employ of the Bank of Bisbee. and turned over to the army authorl-, las;
has been appoinicd as stenographer in , ties. He has been held in the county j Brooks
the office of the Board of Supervisors ' Jail here since last Tuesday as It was Gordon of Willcox to wed Ina Belle
at Tombstone to fill the place made ! feared for a time that he was tnsane i Bross of Oslorne. Kansas: Harvey
vacant by the marriage of Miss Bessie j but his condition the last day or so has I Clark to wed Edna Dutton, both of
Loe.
disproved that fact.
Cloverdale, New Mexico.
Robert W. Woollcy.
Robert W. Woolley, a native of
.Virginia, for several years a Wash
ington newspaper man, has been
named by President Wilson as one
of the new members of the interstate
commerce commission. Mr. Woolley
was formerly director of the mint
end then publicist for the first
Liberty loan issue.
MARY PICKFORD
The Eagle theatre yesterday after
noon and evening played to capacity
houses, giving the weekly release of
the Artcraft Pictures production the
patronage it deserved. The feature
was Mary Pickford in '"A Romance of
the Redwoods." This picture Is one
of the best Mary Pickford has been
starred in. It plays again this after
noon and evening at the same theatie.
POST OFFICE RECEIPTS
The receipts in the local postoffice
for the m'jnth of October were $5,059.
31. Of this amount $3,428.11 was for
the sale or itamps, etc.. and $1,629.20
for box rent The sale of stamps for
the month pervious was only $2,S05
The postal savings for the month of
October were $14,293. There is now
on deposit in the postal savings ac
count $211,816. Last month consider
able was drawn out by the depositors
for the purpose of buying liberty bonds
so that the total is not as large as it
has teen.
LETTERS HELD FOR POSTAGE
The officials in the local 'postoffice
jta'e that a the present time there are
Hundreds of letters there already that
have been mailed since Friday that do
not carry the three cent postage that
is now necessary. Quite a number
have been returned to the writers
Ahere the address was given but those
which had no return, address on are
a'.iw being held at the postoffice. if
you have mailed one better see if i; i3
not In the bunch. It now takes three
ents for a letter outside of Bisbee and
two cents for letters for Bisbee and all
postal cards.
CHANGES PLEA
Porter Deane Foster pleaded gu'ity
to the charge of bigamy in Judee Stan
ford's court and was sentenced to
jerve a term of not less than one nor
more than two years in the state peni
.etitiary. Fos'.er was charged with
naving married Gertrude Grace Mm
sett, a former Bisbee woman and later
a nurse at Phoenix, when he already
had a wife, Cora May Foster, whom be
is alleged to have married a few years
before in Utah. Foster was given a
preliminary hearing In the JusUre
3ourt and bound tiver to the superior
rourt. where he entered a plea of not
guilty. Thursday he changed his plea.
Anyhow, Boston should worry
bean crop is a record one..
-the
Coats
and.
dress
7
3
These are the Coats you have been looking for. We can assure at
tractively designed models of the best quality of Velour, Seal Plush.
Broadcloth and Cheviots, trimmed with. large convertible collars of
Shelton Loom Fur and Crush Moul guaranteed linings strikingly
tailored.
Original Models Priced From $35 to $55; Our Prices Now $20 to $30
These articles are guaranteed to fit or we will make alterations
without charge.
Sample Dresses made of fine French Serge with Cape Collar effect.
Regular Prices $25 to $32; Our Prices $15 to $20
We are making a Special Reduction in Evening Dresses, Negligees
and Novelties. These garments we obtain to use as models to design
from. We can make you any kind of fancy garment Evening Gown
or plain Tailored Suit with a smart effect and a fit that you don't get
from ready-made clothes, and they won't cost you any more.
It takes knowledge and experience to produce artistic, well-made gar
ments that give you a distinctive appearance and we have had it.
Call at our shop; we will show you our work, exclusive styles and our
wonderful assortment of fabrics.
Fruifman
's Fashionable Ladies' Tailors
OPPOSITE Y.M.C.A. (HUGHES BLO
PHONE BLACK 79S
CARRIERS' CONTEST
GETTING INTO ITS
INTERESTING STAGE
The carriers circulation contest hav
ing reached that stage where all con
cerned are working far harded than
they are talking, little can be said
further than again to urge the readers
of The Review to give their subscrip
tiuns'to one of these lads when they
will count the most. Especially should
it be remembered that between now
and the night jf November 10 next
Saturday every subscription turned
in by a contestant will count just one-
half above the regular schedule of
points given. This addi.ional induce
ment has been in for for three days
now. But after next Saturday niht,
until the end of the contest,-there will
be positively no extra points given
the straight schedule will be fallowed.
Frank Lindsey. the Warren carrier.
has struck a hard stride to keep pace
with, and Is now running strongly in
the fiVmt, having distanced tV.e former
leader, Hubert Detloff, by almost 13.
000 points. But those acquainted with
the. latter are well aware of the fact
tha:if many more counts find Lindsey
in the lead, he will have to "go some."
And. of course, the chances for the $'0
are not confined to these two, by any
means, n fact, we hear persistent ru
mors of contestants wl.'j have many
WIFE OF BRITON"
WITH HIM IX U. S.
I new subscribers in sight even prom-:
' ised but who are holding back the
results until what they consider the
best time for turning them in. To
i these, the only fair thing to say is to
again most firmly state that NOW is !
the time any and all subscriptions will 1
count Lhe most: all who feel thai they i
will be gaining by waiting until the
close for a heavy showing are building ,
absolutely without foundation. '
Below is standing of contestants atj
5:30 last night:
Frank Liudsey Jl.uOO
Hubert Detlol 30.123
Maurice RugraH ..I 25.000
Richard Sharpe 24.000
Kennet Mort 17.000
Herbert Perry 16.500
Earl Hicks 15.750
Eugene Gallagher 14.125
Abe Milburn 11,000
Cordon Wallace 10.750
William Riley 8.750
Richard Ojeda 7.750
Maurice Kelly 7.000
William Brookings 2.000
Bud Hacal 2.000
AGENTS FOR
ITS VP TO YOU!
Every time you purchase from an
unknown firm in a distant city, you
not only favor men who haven't
the slightest civic pride or interest
in this YOUR OWN CITY but
you help to KILL local PROSPER-
Anrrrv ITY.
j S u give yOU jewelry of unques
tionable QUALITY at as low prices as you can find
anywhere. Besides it is through your support that we
pay taxes here that we can help to make this a bigger
and better city.
Keep Trade at Home and you will get "QCALITY" Merchandise.
LOWELL JEWELER SHOP
AGENTS FOR PARKER LUCKY CURVE FOUNTAIN PENS
MAIN STREET - - - LOWELL
'it ' x 1
i I ' A '
x?'" Ay
ojt youjr
bathroom
Chases the chills in
a jiffy you bathe
or shave in com
fort. Portable. Fuel
consumed only
w hen heat is needed
no waste. No
smoke or odor.
STANDARD OIL:
COMPANY
(CAUfORNIJI)
keat f
II WITH Vi i
M PEARL J-J j
w J r .
Ml j
d,.-.- .-v J '
PERFECTION
O
JUL
HEATER
l.ady Reading.
FOR SALE BY
Pl'elps-DodKO Mercantile Co., I'.ishee. An. II. .K. Wooten, lti.-.n-e. Ariz.
Standard Furniture Co, Ilisbee, Ariz. HMn-e Furniture Co... Bisbee, Ariz.
Stuart & Roundtrce. Ilit-lH-e. Ariz. Johnson Addition Furniture Co.. Lowell.
Ariz. Fhclps Horlpe Mercantile Co.. Lowell, Ariz. G. O. Branson Furniture
Lowell. Aris. Chris Meikk'nen. Lowell. Ariz. K. X. Wllrott. Tombstone,
W. A. MrSparrrn. Tombstone, Ariz.. Machomii'h Mercantile Co., Tomb
stone. Ariz. Phelps-Dodne Mercantile Co., Warren, Ariz. Phelps Dodge Mer
cantile Co.. N:ico. Ariz.
Co..
! Ariz SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 4, 1917.
MACHINERY FOR
ARIZONA BISBEE
BMMLED
Promising Property Northwest
of Don Luis Will Soon Start
a Development Campaign of
Big Proportions.
Machinery of adequate capacity to
handle the hoist and three power drills
to a depth, of 1.00 feet Is now being
hauled to the proper'.y f the Arizona
Bisbee Copper Mining Company, lo
cated two uiiies northwest of Don Luis.
Once installed, the shaft, which is now
dovva seen:y feet, vlil be rushed by
the operators.
Arizona-Bisbee Copper Mining Com
pany, so far, has been a close corpora
tion. The aceiaae consist of seven
teen claims, several of which are in
fair shape to be patented and which
wiil be j-.s soon as possible. The prep
ert adjoins that oi' the Copper Queen l
Extension (formerly the Bisbee West)
ami is close to Copper Queen ground,
being direct)y west of that series cf de
velopment work siarting with the Bo
reas, 'on the east, and which include
the Night Hawk, the White Tail Deer
mine and the Broken Prorate shaft of
the Wolvarine-Arfcona.
Walter Harvey Weed, author of the
Copper Handbook and geolosist or
note, has made a careful examination
of the property and it was on his rec
orumetiddttcn ;hal some very influenti
al people have been interested. Dr.
Weed recommeaded the work which is
tow being prooesuted.
The site selected ."or the shaft is in
a little draw on the side of the hill and
a short distance norm of the Red
Mountain. A fault and contact Is bed
ded in the side of the hill end the shaft
has been so located that lateral devel
opment work can he sent tj this con
tact with a minimum amount of drift
in?. Work can also be sent out un
der the fiat or across the slight decline
to explore the ground under a very
- promising looking lime hill.
Machinery equipment, which is en
tirely paid for, is adequate for the
work contemplated. It consists of a
sixty horse power oil burning hoist en
gine. From this engine wii! be oper
ated a 10x12 compressor. The shaft
house is complete; the gallows frame
complete and the shaft has been well
timbered to the bottom. A road has
been built to the shaft and &V trouble
has been encountered in hauling the
machinery to the location.
Ape of the features of ihe property
Is the development of water. . The
company went to the Cowan springs lo
cated about 8.500 feet high and nearly
two miles from the shaft, and Piped
the water down to the Arizona-Bisbee.
An adequate supply has been secured
for all purposes.
The shaft is being sunk in the Esca
brosa lime, the ground showing strong
hign.s of mineralization already. When
the rhaft is put down about -another
hundred feot cros cuttins will be
started and the country around the
shaft developed. Fast work, with the
mechanical equipment on hand, can be
accomplished. j
In order to continue wi:h the work,
uninterruptedly, fifty thousand shares
of the treasury stock has been placed
on the market at fifty cents a share.
There are 469,000 shares of pooled
stock, which was paid for the proper
ty. This, by an agreement, .with the
- corporation commission, will be held
in escrow for one year. Already many
thousands of dollars have been expend
ed, sinking the shaft to its present
depth, buying the machinery, securing
the water suppliy asd building the road
to the shaft. The added fund will do
a great deal if development work and
may determine a new mine for that re
gion. REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
NOTED PHYSICIAN
CONDEMNS INJECTIONS
FOR BLOOD POISON
Elmer Lee, M. D.. Editor Health Cul
ture, states: "I have never met with a
case of bi'jod poison that was cured
with injections of arsenic, mercury,
salversan, (606) neo-salverson, (914)
and the like. Another spurious sys
tem is the 'Wasserman Test.' Many are
the innocent cases which under this
test are suspected of blond poison and
subjected to a course of arsenic and
mercurial treatment that is worse than
the disease." Take a safe medicine
. like Number 40 For The Blood, the
gredients of which are se. down in
te U. S. Dispensatory and other med
al books a follows: "Employed in
leases of the glandular system, in
Jood poison, mercurial and lead pois-
iTiiiug, scroiuia, cnuuii; rueuiiiatisui,
catarrh, constipation, stomach and liv-
er trouble. 1'nfler its use nodes, tu
mors, scrofulous swellings, sores, ul
cers and skin eruptions that have with
stood all other treatment disappear as
if by magic." Made by J. C. Mcnden
hall. 40 years a druggist, Evansville,
Ind.
Sold exclusively in Bisbee at Central
Pharmacy, opposite Orpheum, in Lo
well by Lowell Drug Co., in Douglas by
Owl Drug Co. Adv.
CITY BRIEFS
COMMISSION ENTERTAINED
Members of President Wilson's com
mission, here for the past few days
to investigate industrial conditions,
were entertained last night at the
Elks' club with a stag party.
"STOCKINGS SPECIAL"
The "Stockings Special" is going
strong. So reports its patroness, Mrs.
M. E. M. Franzen. The Lincoln school
v. nflii- nf ft-nnlrinoQ ffir the
French children, and reports from
Tombstone, Glendale, Prescott. Flag-',
staff, Tucson and Phoenix indicate!
That the 1000 stockings desired for,
this worthy cause have been secured..
Young Alfred Tue! of this city wasj
especially active in the work of load
ing the "Stockings Special."
TEAM DISBANDS the t r'Iir Qum?n hospital were to the
The C. & A. ball temn, champions effect that the condition of T. I!.
-if the district, for season, disbanded j Brandt continues to Improve, and he;
last r.'ght at a banquet at the Copper'wps much s,,ol,Ker !ast evening than i
Oueen hotel. The loving cup won byhe ha(1 bepn dring tne (lay There1
he club was turned over to M. W. is stin a numbness in his lower limbs.
Mitchell, patron and friend of sports. which may be paralvsjs bul it nas ni)t
in the district, for safe keeping. been definjtey passed as such by the!
" : doctors. In a number of cases it fre-
FOOTBALL TODAY quently occurs that the lower limbs I
The C. & A. football team will meet, nj,rIv,.d for aPVPra, riavs ftpr
be team cf Battery E. 11th field ar-
illery. at Warren park today. The'
r, & A. has teen in practice daily for
-his game and is greatly strengthened
M- the rtteurn to the game of several)
nlayers of last year's unbeaten -tin.
tn the persons of J. Gait, me maian -ther A devlatJon of a part of an ;
fullback. He will improve the backijnch efther wgy wouW hgve cailsed
field, with Morris and Boat at their Mfg .g her;
reeular places, ps his running mates. husband an(, be appears cheerful and
as halfbacks: Ed Cowan, a fr:nas been making a brave fight, and!
star of Arkansas college, and G n- friendg hope fQr the.
nings of Texas, with Brown f last!best. An dav yesterday telephone!
year's New Mexico Aggies will fcall8 came int0"Uie hospital asking:
ssen in the game. Th.s h the t t cfmdition
"fme of the league Rettson u""
tv ermv teams and the C. & A. for
- .1 v
the gold loving cuo. " "f capital punishment in Arizona, and it
ool Morganstem to the football teams w as as n ,
The game starts promptly at -w:TomDstone that a msm of the stripe!
p. m.
NEW ITALIAN ARMY
IS RECOSTITUTEDI.
n . j tried in the federal court for murder.)
(Continues From Page One) ; gnd if convcted couid De sentenced j
" . , . .,, iKAito death. Brandt at the time he was1
my continued to push torn ard c lose custodian of ROVernraent,
upon the retiring army, u..
MaSiVr '-V:MmS one. The robbing of a na
points. One priest KAln ni ;tional bank , , the same cIass as a
form of a chaplain did heroic service
. . xi Mnr an nrtillerv- posioince.
B.roJrk-:.i,;
Uask IMS."Si..l.tth.it in regard to the matter and the
Saplain whcalled a carbineer.' The, citizens of Tombstone have partially,
Saced the muzzle of his rifle at recovered from the effects of the
he ;oWrs breast and warned him crime, and it is thought now that
that anv faltering at such a moment : there will be no effort to take bun,
meant instant death; whereupon the from the county jail. A strong guard i
.t,n.r returned to his task. was put on the jail Friday night andj
Thus the commanders battled .
against the enemy and also against the ;
abnormal congestion, with an its ter
rors, miseries and fatigues, which fol
low in the wake of a vast rear-ward
movement.
The latest reports tonight indicated
no change in the situation for tne
worst. On the contrary there were
several reassuring phases, rt that the
situation as a whole appeared more
hopeful.
ITALIAN HEADQUARTERS IN
NORTHERN ITALY. Friday. Nov. 2.
fBv The Associated Press. The gener
al situation presents many reassuring
features, but its continued gravity ies
not to be under estimated. The enemy
advance is being held back west of the
Tagliamento river. The Italian cav
alry is again demonstrating its value.
Renorts coming in from all quarters
now make it clear that the enemy unit
ed in the decision to try to deliver a
staggering blow to Italy and thus de
range the entire scope of the entente
offensives at other points. Not only
did Germany participate with heavy
forces massed against the Italian see-
on army but the larger part of the
huge concentration was drawn from
the Russian front under circumstances
which the Italians regard as very mys
terious. There were 130 enemy divisions on
thp Russian front, but a number of
AMKUICAX JACKIES ARE HAPPY WHEN
1 ... Jt'Z
American Jackie preparing to land
at a foreign seaport.
Tha prospect of some real action
elicit cheers from the American
jackies in foreign waters who are
only too pleased with the chance of
real excitement after too much humdrum.
these divisions was withdrawn for the
! chief purpose of being used in a smash- j
ing bio wat I.aly. Exactly what hap
pened when this combination struck its,
blow now became clear. The main
force of the attack was in the north,
where the Italian army not only had
its elaborate positions, but also two
successive lilies of defense on which
they could fall back in case of emer-'.
gency.
I: was about 4 o'clock in the morn
ing when the enemy forces launched
their first attack, which consisted of a
terrific bombardment followed by in-
fantry advances
T. R. Brandt is
Still Improving
Advices received lae last night from
g person "hag been shot and "it prad.j
.. Hiunn. ,, th.
he doctorg tnat guch wi be ,he case!
thjg lnsUnce j
The buet pagged between tneneart
d 8tomach 8nd fai!ed tQ hR
The shooting has led to consider
able talk about the abolishment of;
I of Koch should be hanged. Should
j Mr. Brandt succumb to his wounds,
j there is a possibility that Koch could,
jbe made to pay the death penalty.;
The bank that he attempted to rob
as a First National bank, and under
i the United States law he could be;
funds that it makea fhe crime a
Koch has made no further state-i
was on duty last night again
ITS VALUE TOM
CAVALRY PROVES
ITALIAN HEADQUARTERS IN
NORTHERN ITALY, Nov. 2. (By The
Associated Press. "The Italian caval
ry has emulated the deeds of the fam
ous light brigade at Balaklava." said a
British officer who has been following
the operations on the Italian front, in
speaking today of the campaign now in
progress.
Ever since the opening of the war
the Italian cavalrymen have been chaf
ing because the mountain warfare of
fered no opportunity for employment
of their branch of the service. They
were drafted into infantry and .bomb
throwing contingents and into the aeri
al service. Now, however, they have
had the chance to pi'jve that the cav
alry is not ps "obsolete as cross bow
men" as one write put it. In fact the
successful retirement of the valiant
CAVALRY
PROVES
ITALIAN
ARMIES
2y 4.v ? f
"WISCONSIN is xo
SLACKER STATE"
JUSTICE WIXSLOW
Justice John P.. Winslow.
"Anyone who supposes that 'Wis
consin is a slacker state and will not
stand firmly behind the president in
this greatest of all battles between
autocracy ani Jcmocracy is .sadly
mistaken,'' .say? Chief Justicef" John
B. Winslow of the Wisconsin su
preme court. Winslow says that the
Iepple of his state fully realize that
human liberty is at stake and their
loyalty cannot be questioned.
Italian army was due very largely to
the herioism of the mounted troops.
Cavalry Maneuvers.
The splendid maneuvering of the
cavalry in great masses and their rec
less charges in the fact of streams of
machine gjn bullets are regarded by
military officers as constituting one of
ihe most brilliant features of the fight
ing on this front. Charges of entire
brigades were executed with perfect
precision and control. Many difficult
feats were performed. Machine guns
could not stop them. Some regiments
were virtualfy annihilated, but their
sacrifice was not in vain, inasmuch as
they pij:ected the road over which the
third army passed, to safety. The
stories of heroism are inspiring the
troops whose spirits are recovering. In
other branches of the service, also,
brave deeds were performed. For in
stance, the physlcious in charge of the
military hospitals in Udine refused to
the last man to leave, volunteering to
remain with their patients. It was
suggested that they draw i'jts for the
choice of a few who should remain be
hind but all insisted on staying at
their posts.
An effort is being made in Tomb
stone to organize a chamber of com
merce is that historic mining district.
A working organization of this kind
Is a help to every community and
Tombstone should have one.
The high price of sugar Isn't wor
rying the inhabitants of. those bone
dry states. What's the use of worry?
They haven't anything to fix with it.
WORTHAM CARNIVAL
OPENS WEEK HERE
It takes all sorts of people to make
up a world, and. by the same token, it
takes all sorts of shows to nir.ke up a
successful carnival organization. The
Wortham Bros. sl'.ows, which opens
a five days' engagement at Lowell
Sunday, November 4, is one of the
four shows owned and operated by
C. A. Wortham, the acknowledged
head of the carnival business in
America today. In the outdoor amuse
ment game the name "Wortham" is
one to conjure with, for behind that
name stands the guarantee that you
are offered the very latest, best and
cleanest amusements that money and
years of experience and energy can
assemble for your etnertainment.
The Wortham Bros.' Shows, travel
ing in their own special train of 22
cars, employing over 300 people, will
present for your approval and patron
age no less than 16 separate and dis
tinct tented attractions, and three of
ACTIOX IS NEAR
I
'A live producing
adverse conditions."
GIBSON CONSOLIDATED COPPER CO. .
AUTHORIZED CAPITAL 1,000,000 SHARES
OUTSTANDING 750.000 SHARES, ALL IN ESCROW
President: CHARLES E. KALTENBACH,
Newark, X. J., of Kaltenbach & Steven,
Inc., Silk Manufacturers, Newark,. X. J..
and Allentown. Pa.
Vice President: GEN. AM ASA P. PEAKE.
Valley City, X. I)., Capitalist.. well known
Mine Operator and onp of the Promoters
and Organizers of the Butte & Superior
Copper Company.
Secretary-Treasurer: P. P. GREER,
31obe, Arizona. President of First Xation
al Hank, Globe. Ariz.
Managing Director: H. E. BIERCE,
Merritt Hldg., Los Angeles, Cal. Mining
Engineer.
PROnrCING mine, heretofore worked under primitive methods, yet has produced
rich ore. averaging 20' Copper, and yielded about $2,100,000 net smelter return.
LOCATED in the famous Globe-Miami district of Arizona, right in the midst of the
famous mines that produced JSO.000,000 last year.
NOW reorganized and under new management, the improvements contemplated, it is
estimated, will add at least $800,000 annually to the income of this old mine. Tha
opening of large bodies of high grade ore may cause the stock to make sensational
advances.
YOU know what Inspiration. Miami, Ray Consolidated. Magma and other big Copper
stocks have done. They are all in the same district, within a radtys of 12 miles. The
profit possibilities in the Gibson Mine are brilliant; there are 550,000 tons of ore
blocked out and "in sight." valued at equal to $4 per share "on the entire cppital stock;
less than one-fourth of the acreage has been developed; the officers, directors and en
gineers are men of highest standing; a remarkable opportunity is presented in this.
FIRST OFFERING OF STOCK AT $2 PER SHARE PRIOR TO ACTIVE TRADING
ON THE NEW YORK CURB.
BUY GIBSON CONSOLIDATED COPPER
Wire Your Orders and Let Remittance Follow.
Full Information and Prospectus on Request.
LAWHON & BRADFORD
Douglas, Arizona.
4
t
the safest and sanest riding devices,
all under the personal direction of A.
A. Powers, who wishes to emphasize
the fact that eaph and every attrac
tion under his management caters
especially to the women and children,
and he especially invites them to at
tend the performances to be given
here.
From Lowell the Wortham Bros.'
Shows go to Phoenix, where they are
imder contract with the greatest ed
ucational and amusement undertaking
in the state of Arizona the Arizona
State Fair. - ,
CHARLES RAY TODAY
AT CENTRAL THEATRE
Charles Ray. who demonstrated that
he was no bush leaguer in "The Pinch
Hitter," has further opportunity to
show his ability in "The Cldohopper,"
which will be exhibited at the Central
theatre today in this new Triangle
play by Monte Mi. Katterjohn, in
which he is presented as star by
Thcmas H. Ince. he shows his versa
tility as a dancer by "stepping" his
way to success in a Broadway musical
revue.
The scenes of the play are laid on
a New England farm and Vn New
York city. Many eliUjorate settings
are used to represent the cabaret and
the gay restaurants that go to make
up New York's night life. Some of
the most Interesting scenes are said
to tp.ke place in a theatre where a
musical revue is being Droduced. Ray
as the country bumpkin makes -the
hit of the show. Among those sup-
norting him In the lanre cast are
Margery Wilson, Lvdia Knot, Charles
French and Thomas Guise.
CHAPLIN PICTURE IS
HELD OVER FOR TODAY
Charlie Chaplin in "The Adventur
er" will be held over for taday by the
management of the Orpheum theatre,
and the program will include the Fox
feature production. "The Soul of Sa
tan.".. A girl's rebellion against the nar
rowness and Puritanism which have
restricted her very life forms the
theme of the startling ohotoDlay. "The
Soul of Satan." which, with Gladys
Prockwell. opened yesterday at the
Orpheum theatre.
M'ss Brockwell remains one of the
delights of the photoplay world. She
continues to be an actress without
neer who can interpret her roles with
n ense and naturalness and aIack
of stilted convention, only found in
nlavers of the highest rank. Her
sensitive fpee shows the slightest
shadow of emotion, and t mere rMs
In of the evebrows or twlrh of the
lip can express more than the aver
- ncreen nlaver "gets over" with
violent gestures.
Football Results
AT Ttica. N. Y. Colgate, 31; Holy
cross, 0.
Delaware. Ohio Ohio Wesleyan. 49:
Cincinnati, 0.
Berkley. Calif. University of Califor
nia, 27; University of Washington, 0.
Walla Walla. Wash. University of
M'jntana, 3; Whitmore college. 14.
mine, one that has always paid
OFFICERS A
ND DIRECTORS
Director: F. F. TOWLE. Globe,-Ariz
President Gila County Abstract Co., Glote,
Ariz.
Director: W. A. LAMSON, Chicago. III.
Of Lam.son Bros. & Co., Grain Brokers.
Director: E. J. KALTENBACH, Brooklyn.
X. Y., of Kaltenbac h & Stevens. Inc.. SiU
Manufacturers, Newark, X. J., and Allen
town, Pa.
Depository: The First National Bank.
Globe, Ariz. Registrar: Columbia Trust
Company, New York. Transfer Agent:
Empire Trust Company, New York.
2c-Arizona Oil--2c
PAY 2c A SHARE NOW, AND 2c WHEN OIL IS STRUCK
Subscription Books Open on a Limited Allotment of 250,000 Share
"(Permit Issued by Arizona Corporation Commissior)
ARIZONA OIL AND REFINING COMPANY
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
H. H. Major, real estate operator. Phoenix, president; A. E. Edwards,
oil expert, vice president; M. Croft, expert accountant, secretary;
David F. Johnson, Arizona state treasurer, director; H. G. Richardson,
county attorney of Pinal county, director.
Controls 640 acre in the Chino Valley Oil Fields, 150 of which
adjoins the first discovery well. The Chino Valley fields, which have
been reported on by such well known, oil experts and geologists a
Etienne A. Ritter, formerly oil expert of the French government.. Pro
position is a fair one. Pay us 2c a share now (par value of the shares
is 10c, and pay us 2c when the company strike oil in ceMinerclal
quantities. You are under no obligations whatsoever to pay the other
2c until this company strikes oil.
There is today an oil excitement in Arizona, and the bringing In
of the first well will mean a tremendous boom for Arizona Oil stock.
Write for particular on the new Arizona Oil fields, which is full
of interest. We have also in preparation, and will be ready in a few
days, the first Arizona Oil Map, sent free. Agents wanted.
GENERAL SECURITIES CORPORATION
Rooms 2, 3 and 4, Second Floor, Chamber of Commerce Bldg.
Phoenix, Arizona.
Moscow, Idaho Washington State col
lege, 19; University of Idaho, 0.
Lewiston, Me. Bates, 6: Colby, 6.
Norristown, Pa. Villa Nova, 7; Ursi
nus,' 7.
Medford, Mass. Tufts, 19; New
Hampshire, 3.
Baltimore, Md. Swarthmore, 28;
Johns Hopkins, 7.
Lancastire, Pa. Haverford, 14; Frank
lin and Marshall, O.
Exerter, N. H. Harvard Freshmen, 7;
Phillips Exerter, 7.
Lewiston, Pa. Bucknell, 10; Carlisle
Indians. 0.
S)uth eBthlehem, Pa. Lehigh, 47;
Muhlenberg, 0.
Middletown, Conn. Wesleyan, 0;
Williams, 0.
Annapolis, Md. Navy, 9d; Western
Reserve, 0.
Hanover, N. H. Dartmouth 10; Penn
sylvania State, 7.
Brunswick. Me.-rMaine, 14; Bowdoin,
0.
Andover, Mass. Andover, 20; Worces
ter. 6.
Washington. North Carolina. 10; i
Maryland State, 6.
East Lansing. Mich. Western Statt
Normal (Kalamazoo). 14; Michigan
Agricultural college, 0.
Detroit. University of Detroit 35; ,
Northwestern college (Napierville,
Ills.), 0.
Fargo North Dakota Aggies, 20 North
Dakota University, 7.
Providence, R. I. Brown 0, Syracuse 6.
Iowa City, la. Great Lakes Training
Station 23. University of Iowa 14. I
Ithaca, N. Y. Cornell 20, Carnegie
Tech 0. 1
Philadelphia Pennsylvania 27, Lafay
ette or
West Point. N. Y. Notre Dame 7, Ar
my 2.
Des Moines Drake University 7, Grln
nell (Iowa) College 25.
Hanover. N. H. Dartmouth 10. Penn
sylvania State 7."
New Brunswick. N. J. Rutgers 7. W.
Virginia 7.
St. Louis Missouri School of Mines!
2, Washington University 21. i
Columbia. Mo. Missouri 7, Oklahoma I
University 14.
Lafayette, Ind. Northwestern 12,
Purdue 6.
Ann Arbor. Mich. University of
Michigan 62, Kalamazoo College 0.
Indianapolis Indiana 3, Ohio Stat"
University 26. I
Boulder, Colo. University of Colorado
18. Colorado College 17.
its way under most
I
YV ATKINS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
The HALLMARK 5t I
SUITS
MADE
-TO
ORDER
Remember, these suits
are made from genuine
$25 materials.
Every thread guaran
teed Strictly All Wool
with a satisfactory fit or
your money back.
WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OF
LADIES' ALTERATIONS.
D. H. Evans
. BREWERY GULCH
Opposite Uncle Jim's
Oberlin. Ohio Oberlin College 20,
Rochester University 0.
Greencastle, Ind. Depauw'4. Earlham
0-
Atlanta, Ga. Georgia Tech 83. Vand
erbllt 0.
Birmingham. Ala. Alabama 3. Suwa
nee 3.
Houston, Texas Rice Institute 35,
Haskell Indians 15.
Kd m oud, Okla. Oklahoma Aggies 13,
Central Normal 0.
Topeka. Kan. Emporia Normal 0.
Washburn 0.
Tiffin, O. Heidelberg 0. Otterbein 0.
Gettysburg. Pa. Gettysburg 6. SL
Johns 0.
St. Louis St. Louis University 26. Ill
inois Normal 0.
Shreveport. La. Arkansas University
14. Louisiana State University 0.
Athens, Ohio Ohio University 3,
Baldwin-Wallace 0.
flMCOO - - -
THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 4, 1917.
SEVEN
S
The Moj-k Mgnjicenfc Production cAll Time,
jl?IY? Griffith's Colossal t
"IF YOU FILL YOUR CARS, YOU'LL NOT NEED SO MANY"
N
F
fxtmm Z,000,000 Spectacle
IN NORTHWEST
Herbs Needed for Medicine
Can Be Grown in Washing
ton and Oregon With Some
4
Culture and Effort
DiuITAL!
AND
'
III
GROW
1
mm ini ulluancx Cmm
flfelv Lbve Struggle .. .. gmM.
iTOfii!?! . Throughout theeo- f
1
3
-I
Ji
1
1
,1
3
.1
i
5
3
i
1
ire us more freight cars!
Give
faster freight trains'
This crv is troinz ud from cast
west and from north to south. The j ;u 1-10' c .
railroads are doing all in their j Then the increase m f reigt .
power to appease this demand. ; shipped was much leas than the ie
Schedules are revised; passenger crease in carrying capacity provi'.'.
trsins taken off; excursion trains led by roads?
Uminated; fast freights given! "Yes. Decidedly so! SOS-lOo
right-of-way. Still there remains less."
congestion and demand for freight Why then do people complain thrt
ears. The railways say. "Shippers, there is a shortage of cars, if Lv ?
fill tout cars to capacity." ! carrying capacity has increased f i
To give a clear idea of the situation ; much more than the tonr.aD
traffi Viiof nt tho Canadian Pa- shlDDCd?
-jc one of the men who is doing
much to solve this problem, not only
for Canada and his own road, but for : The cars are not Uwced as heavily
the United States as well, answered ' they shouid be. Therefore the Ti
the following questions: crease in capacity doe not take car.'
How lone- a Deriod do vour of the increase in tonnage to 1 ?
Canadian Freisrht Statistics cover?
r- l. m7 mis
Bj-e"
"WTiat was the increase in number
of freight cars in that period?
"911-10"
' What wax the increase in carrv-
ing capacity?
VISITOR AT ARMY
GAMP IN THE NORTH
TELLS OF WORKINGS
A recent visitor from this district
to the American Lake camp gives ihe,e made, but they are not nlatle y(,C ..Jn or(jer tQ reach these'nlen a
following narrative: and for this man to ccme in tou'i'niore common approach ha.s been
"In this camp, the first objective of j with the Y. M. C. A. secretair a-. ;. found through a sustained program of
everyone who visits is the Y. M. C. A.jbe able to tell his sioy and be m- .meeting their economic reeds. Eve-y
or the Knights of Columbus headqu?r-sured that the Y. M. C. A., throu "' n?sn receives a wage b& spends it
ters, principally the Y. M. C. A., as ; the home association, wiil get in tou. 'a He is continually wanting things
their organization all over the country j with that family and see that th- which money will buy. Men are eae?r
is unusually efficient. At the "Y"were provided for. was the greatr , . to learn the principles of wise sav
headquarters you can lo'ate any one j consolation in the world. Tt madr hi vng, sfoi'ng and investing of nionv
of the 40,000 men in the camp. Prac-a different man; he went out with ' as taui'bt ' by the association ihri t
Tically all of the recreation of ti: spring in his step aud a new light :.i campaisr.
camp is in the hands of the Y. M.,bid eye. "The Y. M: ('. A. has awakrei! to
i. a. j i "is ui vnv ui ic i-jita it: .,m? ciirraoter-rnniling pcssibUities n
"At .American Lake there arc s':xjgoes to illustrate the splendid ir.,-! -he eoonoinic problems faced by
buildings, 96x40, with pianos, viei: j chinery that is being operated fro i The isscciation hi,s come to see he r
las, writing tables, etc.. and here a these Y. M. C. A. secretaries in t' !, m,n's uionev and the n-av he snen "s
niaa may come for advice and p:r . camps, touching the individual fami1 t rfte(;t hjs Mhole character. Habi s
.sonal consultation. Talking with o: ei which is being dene all over the ,,r i-ostr fulness erti extravagance r-1
of the .secretaries. I was impressed 'ed States. The family wakes up sor- r,j,rPrter: thev make a iian poo'-:
with the real importance of this lastmorning to fiucl that some oue f;ar- ; ti,er roh j, of ,js health: pteal hN
and the number of personal coasulta-, for them arid wants to look ,.trpt; r -; -U(iL.n!ent and undermine his integra
tions. - , ithem, and they wonder who rt U a- l'aai1 honesty.
"It has not come to us yet, but wi'l whence it comes. They do not,.l;nr -n tf,p pfroris to develoo an a 1
sooner or later, just what it has been that it comes directly from Hojna. ". f,!!rd Ci.ritian chsractcr by pro' '
to literally thousands of these nien M. C. A. secretary in Ami ricse: h'. ? ir,r nc-tivities for i!icrea--ing a man"'
"WE MAKE
V
Come in Now and Get One of Our Tailor
. Made Uncalled-for Suits.
Originally Priced $30 to $55 for From
$20
to
Also Shirts to Measure and Gents' Furnishing.
B. F. MILLARD
LEADING
Phone 1 40 (back of Y.
'
M134 4-10'.V
Whut was tlie increase in freigl i
to tonnage shipped?
i -that is the Big Question i -.
rnswer is the r.olution of the problei
shipped. Most cars go forvra: 1
in-ariri in Iftac thn h:ilf friwfii-
That means other freight' r.tt:
wait until the empty siiate in th t
car. as well a:! the loaded space, i.
'releasee!. !n 1:k'7 the average c. .
capacity wa a bit more titan Zl
itons; the average load lor ihat yeu
to pick up and go away from hor.
One fellow came in shortly before
arrived and said that he had Uii i
family of children and a wifc. I.
f'-ur brothers were in the wr.r, s
the only avf.il2b!e me.nber for t
support of his family wps his fa'h:
a man of 65 years of ape. who had t
weight of four familios . un-jn 1
shnnlflprs. Adiustments mav nossil
'EM FIT"
4
TAILOR
W. C. A.) Allen Block
ri
Wait
$30
r-JV'ft Ii. Y 1 1 . i III I IV','
was a little more than 15 tec. Waste
space amounted to mure than ll.r.
l'y 1915 the a-. erase cara.ity oi'
freight cars had increased to over
.'13 toas. The load averaged some
thing over 18 tons. Still a waste of
more than 440c. la eight years the
railroads had increased the capacity
of the cars alaic t 6'', but the ship
pers used only 3';- of the space pro
vided, letting iS'e of the increased
space go to waste. If shippers
would make it a rule not to send out
a car loaded to less than maximum
capacity, we could haul almost nan
again as much freight per train as
we now co
Then by loading cars to capacity,
this clamor for mote car.i could be
silenced ?
"Not altogether. Cars must be
released uuickiy. lailror.as would
rather have their cars t-arn money
hauling freight than getting demur-
rase for staring idle and blocking
tracks. If flippers- will :oad to
capacity; load end unload quickly;
thre will be nj car shortage."
- .;cr, seme. ether. cautouraeut It is
1 deed a marvelous work.
Thrift as Character Builders
' It is the business of the Youns
Men's Christian association to bui d
'hararfer, and to help men live a wcll
lounded. Christian life. There a e
many men, however, wio dj not re
alize that they have sniritual neecs.
a nor are tney attracted by phvsic .l.
-.in,ii !
nhvsical.
intellectual rrd social r-
"8 veil as Tor nw sniri'ii '
J "rrwth. we nu nc' fail t furri-
i 'Kf;t activities wi'irh v ill inspire
Jiebits of thrift and industry."
NEW LOAN PRICE
(By Review Leased Wire)
PARIS, Nov. 3. An official decree
issued todav sets the issue trie-e of
3 the new 4 per cent loan at fiS.6. At
uits ngure tlie loan will pay investors
5.8:1 per cent. The subscription lists
will be ooeiied from November 2G un-
til December 15.
NEW GOVERNMENT
fliy Review Leased Wire.)
SAX JOSE. Costa Itiea. Nov. 3.
Portugal and Austria Hungary' have
lecogtiized the government of Presi
dent Tinixo. Pur ugal is the first al
lied rcuntry to recognize the present
Costa Rican authority.
BEN TILLETT WIN'S
IRv Rev'e l.easU Virn
LONDON. Nov- P.en Tilielt. la
bor leader, nuintng as an in irpe.ui ;:u
candidate, defeated. S'r Chcrles Ma'
let, coalition candidate, i:i a r.v
election for parliament bold 11' North
Salford today. Till' t is a viron.us
supporter of the war.
SKATTLE. Wash., Nov. i Tin
fact that digitalis, or foxglove, grows
wild in the states of Oregon and Wash
ing needing on'y harvesting1 and col
lecting to be in great assistance in
war medical work,' is deemed of hig'i
importance by the national defensa
council. The possibility that the boy
scouts might be utilized in this im
portant work adds to the importance
of this organization and the useful
ness of which it has shown tself ca
pable. The national council of defense ha3
taken up the matter of informing citi
zens as to the importance cf digital:?
and its harvesting .'n the foMowin ?
stat( nent:
Heretofore digitalis, or foxglove, he?
been imported chiefly from central Eu
rope. Inasmuch as digitalis consti
tutes the most important heart dru3
the curtailment of Importations occa
sioned by the war gives rise to a
threatened shortage which would be
? tremendous ca'ami'y inasmuch rs
cardio-vascular diseases is the mort
prevalent that "flesh i3 heir to."
Recent work has revealed the- fa'
that American or heme grown digital's
is as potent and valuable medicinal'y
as any which we have heretofore In
ported. Although digitalis is not cn'
'iva edin this country for commercial
purposes, it has escaped from garders
and is found growing luxuriant'y
throughout Oregon and Washington
It is impossible to estimate to Ju t
what extent digitalis is growing in
these two states, but certain rough
estimates wouid seem to indicate th:i"
thre i3 sufficient to supply the entire
need of this country. This being -the
case, obviously such digitalis sliou' I
be collected and placed at the disposal
of the government.
That the need ic a tr?r.t one is e- i
denceJ by the fact that national re
search council has requested several
of the "northern universities, notab'y
Minnesota, Wisconsin and Illinois, to
cultivate as much digitalis as possible.
The universities, through their dopar'.
ments of pharmacy, are responding to
the best of their ability, hut due To
the request coming late in the season
an semndK to re dearth of seed
lings, it is unlikely that the emergency
can be met In this way. The nationi!
research council is therefore callinj
the attenticn of t'.-.e people of Oregcn
and Washington to this opportunity ot
crntritu in-; gratuitous service in t'r.e
conservation of wild growing digitalis
in 'those states.
The plant yielding the drug digital!?
is known botanicaily as digitalis pur
P"re, and is commonly known ss fo
glove. It is a biennal plant, producing
a lare rosette of basal leaves during
the first year's growth. The flower
stalk and fruit are produced the sec
ond year. In Oregon and Washington
where the plant has escaped from cul
tivation, it is found growing rather
abundjn'ly.
The plant is very characteristic, but
those who desire to co-operate witi
STIRS COLLEAGUES
TO FIGHTING HEAT
"7. " j
v.
lie p. James T. IU'flin.
Several meml.ers of cengress have
threatened l" give Kcprebentative
Ilei'.in of Ala; am.: a ound thrash
ing hec:iu;:c of his rent i-harge that
a cettnlti few i-.itmho.s rf both
houses have bee : "acting i:; ; sus
richm nii: i:ev," rc!ativo t: ii,? (Jer
man .du.--h f itui" revealed in -the
ll'-r JtorlT 1 !e;,r:,ni ri n out hv
,vo( c a: y !.:
fight on ' ,'
He'!"! hrv' a fi;it
lower house
i ve;rcde:it-itiv
I f ,1
:-Vv a. -I 61..'
I i ,4
i
v ( -
i H vtr
! - - H i
DE SALIS IS NEW
BRITISH MINISTER
TO. THE VATICAN
f
V 7
.1 I
it
9 3
A
Count De Salis.
Count Dc Salis, who has been ap
pointed to succeed Sir Henry Howan.
as minister of special missions to the
pope, was the British minister to
Montenegro since 1911. He is a vet
eran it, the Riitish foreign-' servic-'
sinH hi flinh':r.ntie skill has alwav .
recommended hiir. -.o the handling o:
intricate situations.
the government in the conservatic
of the native surply should take spet
mens to local pllysicians or pharm.
cists for idetnification before procee '.
ing with collection.
The leaves are used for the prepara
tion of the drug digitalis and the: -may
be collected from either the fir. :
or second year's growth. Only ful..
mature, green leaves should be c t
lected. Leaves which have begun i
turn yellow should be discarded. Ai
adhering sand or foreign mattv
should be e'arefully removed by brus:.
ing with a smail hand scrub brush. Ti
proper drying requires considerab'
skill and experience. The leavt
should be spread out so that they ai
not more than one layer deep and t!.
drying conducted in the shade or '. .
..ny even where t.e temperature da.
not exceed SO decrees cent igraii -.
Difficulty will be met in attemptir
to dry the leaves without artitici..'
heat during humid weather, as thev
readily take up moisture from the at
mosphere. The drying process should
be continued until the petals or leaf
stalk break easily with a short frac
ture. TIk1 leaves will lose from 75 to M
per cent of their weight upon drying.
When quant'ties of not less than five
pounds of dried leaves have been col-
lected they should be carefully packedJ
in clean paper "or cloth sacks or bet-
ter still in air tight tin cans. In case,
prper or cloth bags are used these
should be place in strong wooden box-
, es for shipment.
iTevisten. who was working with the!
should be plainly i Monk Uros. men to get their cattle
name of the senderjand his own separated from the herd,
rwr.ideil by express now on the Meisenheimer ranch.'
All packages
! marked w it h the
! .r col'eci or and '
; to either Dean Charles W. Johnson, j speeded hi horse toward the herd,
j University of Washington. Seattle, when the animal fell with such force
I Wash., or to Dean Adolph Zicflc, Col ias to fling the rider forward and break
lege of Pharmacy, Oregon Agricultural his collar bone. Mrs. Smith, who mas
j c ollege, Corvi.lhs, Ore., or to the local j watching the round up from ber auto,
jlted Cross headquarters for shipment, j hurried to Wilh ox with her husband.
I where Dr. J. W Wilson set the frac-
i The question now agitating thenured bone. It is hoped Mr. Smith
,the mind of tfe average. Kentuckian ! will soon be about again. ,
is as to what disposition he is toj
make of his crop since its natural'
destinv is prohibited. I
i
TO BE SHOWN AT THE ORPHEUM NOVEMBER
The Churches
j Baptist Cnurch.
' Sabbath school at 9:45 a. ni.
Mr.
Branaman, superintendent,
j Morning service at 11 a. m. Subject.
1 "The Lord's Supper." Communion ser
i vices will be held following the ser
i mon.
i Junior C. V. P. V 6:45 p. m. In the
i church parsonage. Leader, Mr. Carver.
; Senior B. Y. P. U. 6:45, main room of
; the church. Subject. "Perseverance"
; Leader Mr. Davison. This is roll call
; meeting. All members and friends
; are urged to come.
Evening service 7:45 p. m.
i F. M. Pettman. Tastor.
! L. R. Davison, Chairman Press Con-..
Rev. A. J. Irwin wiil preach at War-
Ten, Sunday, November 4, at 11 a. m.
i and at South Bisbee at 7 p. m. This b
i go i'j chtlrch and Sabbath school day.
It is hoped a good number will attend
, .he above services.
St John's Epiaccpal.
Sunday school at 9:45 a. m.
Holy communion at 11 a. m.
Warren Sunday school at 9:45 a. m.
Ch'Jir practice Wednesday at 7 p. m.
. S. Brewster, rector.
H.
Presbyterian Church. ,
Sunday school at 9:45 a. m. !
Morning service at 11 a. m. '
Young Peoples' Meeting 6:30 p. m. i
Topic, ' Persevearance." :
At 7:30 p. m. there will be a Union;
Service of the churches of Bisbee. Mr.
Morrison, secretary of the Y. M. C. A.
at Miami will sneak and nresent the
' "War Work Fund.
The Rev. Allen Kircbbaum who wiil ;
supply the pulpit during Mr. Fry's ab-
' sence will have charge of the services, i
. All members and friends are urged to '
, be present. A Cordial welcome awaits
. the stranger.
Methodist Episcopal.
' Sunday school 9:45. As this is Ev
erybody at Sunday school day, it isi
hoped that all will make a special ef-!
: fort to be there.
Public worship and sermon at 11.
j Epworth league meeting at 6:30.
Union meeting at 7:30 at the Presby
terian church in the interests of the
Y. M. C. A. campaign for War Work, j
C. M. Harshman. I
Assembly Of God.
Sunday sch'xil at 10:30 a. m.
Sunday preaching at 2 and 7:30 p. ni.
Tuesday, Bible study at 7:30 p. m.
Friday night prayer mee'ing at 7:30.
Everybody cordially invited to a'
' tend these services. John Kiting, pas
i tor.
Christian Science Society
ClirUtian Science Society of Bisbee,
holds services in the Woman's Clubj
building on Quality Hill. Sunday atl
11 : 15 a. m. Wednesday evening at 7:45. 1
The public is welsome and invited to
aiiriiM. ,-iuujrui jur ouuuiiy, govern-1
ber 4. "Everlasting Punishment." t
1 C..WI . 1 . ' i . .
The Ilahai Movement. A universal
movement. Coming religion of today.
Meeting held every Friday evening at'
7:30. South Bisbee. residence of Miss!
Viola Duckett . 336
,
Monday morning James Smith of.
.
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS.
7 AND 8
US
help you plan your
house. Make you draw
ings of it and help you
in any way we can. We
have a regular architect
in connection who will
do this for you.
The best of material
and the best of service.
Gibson -Hines
Lumber Co
J.W.F.SmiauMgr. P&one8S
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & OJiee Opposite Cepot
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Vour
Patronag
PHONE 53
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an cst;mate
on that job on short notice
Telephor. 448
A Phone Call Will Bring Us.
LOS ANGELES JUNK SHOP
Highest Cash I rked 1 ai :"or
Wetals. Rubber, Rags, Sacks, Cotes,
Bones, Iron. Hides. Pelts, etc
HOROWITZ BROTHERS. Proprietors
Lowell, ArUi.ia.
GUARD YOUR
HEALTH!;
Use Pasteurized Cream and Milk
At Your Grocers. .
The Pure Milk Depot,
Johnson Bldg, Main St
W
1 n
EIGHT
THE EISEFE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 4, 1917.
i
I The House of ti?
Comfort ' U r&.
1
JsL ii n 4 H
;p "A
Continuous
From 1 to 11
I
ANNOUNCING THE SECOND PICKFORD ARTCRAFT ATTRACTION
! Marv Pickiora
3 U
1
Ins
alSCe
of
Redwoods
Her newest screen triumph, directed by Cecil B. DeMille. From an artistic standpoint, this reduction, pre- 1
senting the combined arts of "AMERICA'S SWEETHEART" and that master of SCREHNCRAFT. Cecil
DeMille, has more than fulfilled the critic's predictions. It already Is established as one of the greatest
attractions of the cinema theater as a result of genuine merit.
3
ADMISSION MATINEE 15 c. NIGHT, ADULTS 25c CHILDREN 15c
ADMISSION MATINEE 15c NIGHT, ADULTS 25c; CHILDREN 15c ?
CONTINUOUS
FROM 1 to 11
ORPHEUM
M Fl
EATR
J CONTINUOUS
FROM 1 to 11
BIG DOUBLE ATTRACTION
CHA
BIG DOUBLE ATTRACTION
XH
17 A TMCMTHD
EL 1W V Ull I UI
I?
The latest Chaplin just released in Los Angeles. The only Chaplin comedy made since June.
O
BIG DOUBLE ATTRACTION
I B I
ruA
I k ill
Prnoonfo P ARVO 000
SiUOGIHO ULKM I 0 UI1UU.
SOUL'' OF SAT
BIG DOUBLE ATTRACTION
mmmi m
LLL ii 1
AN
A VIVID PORTRAYAL OF-A WOMAN'S TEMPTATIONS.
ADMISSION MATINEE, 10 CENTS. NIGHT, LOWER FLOOR, 1 5 CENTS. BALCONY, 1 0 CENTS
n)3g3gijyiawir "ii iiini'iiiMMwmBfcjgTr-yi'iiii i h i minwiwi hmlhi limn nijuca
CENTRAL
TODAY
STARTING 1 O'CLOCK CONTINUES TO 11
TODAY
FROM BUMPKINVILLE TO BROADWAY IN THREE DAYS
FROM OBSCURITY TO BRIGHT LIGHTED FAME OF THE GAY WHITE WAY! THAT IS THE DIZZYING SENSATION THAT RAY UNDER
GOES IN "THE'CLODHOPPER"
the boob of Bumpkin-
ville, Ray is the "goat" of
the village he
is the boobiest
boob of them
alland if you
saw him in
"The Pinch
Hitter" you
know what a
lovable, laugh
able, thor
oughly human
boob Ray can
be!
fa
4 .
injm pisinplP Pl
TT TT! fiT
sy y is
MAY
mm
y Law vi
v, .
Charles Ray In Triangle Play, "The
Clodhopper."
"THE GOLDINGEST EVER - - - ITS A RIOT!
SEE HIM WAKE BROADWAY UP! HE SETS 'EM AFIRE AND
HE HAS THEM 'ALL DAPCING "THE CLODHOPPER GLIDE"
He'll Have You LAUGHING and CLODHOPPING! .
It is predicted that this picture -will make "C!odhcpping'' the new dance caze)
SEE THE BATTALION OF BILLION DOLLAR BEAUTIES! SEE
THE NEW YORK ROOF GARDEN WITH ITS RUNWAY OVER
THE HEADS OF THE AUDIENCE ITS CANDLE-LIGHTED TABLES-ITS
ULTRA-FASHIONABLE GUESTS DOING "THE
CLODHO?" ITS GREAT!
truly a play brimming with beauty and action of the joy-giving sort!
MUSIC BY CENTRAL ORCHESTRA
ADMISSION CHILDREN 10c ADULTS 15c
TOMORROW
nmnnnn rv? ran Sfirfi?rk
sal si it i r yyy iu m ni ma im m im mmwm
j
ORIGINAL 8 1 SB EE-TOMBSTONE I Lowell Camp No. 46. W. O. V. will
Stage Line. j pive a Thankssivins dante. Thursday.
The original Toiubstore stage learog ! November 29, at Brophy hall. Good
daily at 7 a. d. and 1:30 p. m. from I music
Cocblse Motor Co., Phone 444. Leaves
and exerjbody invited. 359
Adv-359
I
punctually on time daily. Night tele-
pnone. ureen aos. sua, DON'T PAY RENT, 3 room furnish-
(AdvertiBementj ; ed house. Upper Lowell, in good c'n-
Idition, a bargain at $900. See
THE PiE SHOP. j WINTERS & BORREGO, Lowell.
Across the street from the Masonic j . 340
temple, upper Main street. Try our I
ROYAL
THEATRE
NOTICE.
A meeting jf all miners eligible to
delicious cooked t'cods to take home
with you. Orders taken for cakes
and pies, the kind that melt in your ,emhershin in the Ampri.an s-0Hra.
mouth. Luncheon service from 1130 j ;ion cf through its constituent
to Adv-729 j international union. The International
j union of Mine, Mill and Smelter Work
er. Play fair. Osteopath. 98 Masbn ,er9 will be he!d at Trades Council call,
HUL Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647. J Naco road, Sunday afternoon at 2 p.
dr. 231 ni., over Square Dealer office. All mem-
. bers "of the international and all those
Expert paper nanger ana painter. C J eligible to memberssliip who are wiil
J. Brandt. Phone 456. Box 150. 580 in to take an obligation to observe
1 its constitution and by-laws are invited
Rviu hinn offered to new sub
scribers for $2.00, 3 months. Look this ; dent
up. Help some boy win $53.00.
to attend. CHAS. H. MOVER,
presi-335
MADAM J. REA KEYS
At the St Regis Hotel,
Room 10, Lowell, Arizona.
PHRENOLOGIST & ASTROLOCiiST
Tlic greatest living spiritually or
dained medium and crystal reader.
Without asking questions I will read
your entire life. If you do'out my abl
ity, call and I will give you positive
evidence in your own life. 1 am not to
be compared with fortune tellers and
such like, impostors wht prey upon
I KNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS.
j K. C. Dance, Tuesday evening, No
, vember 6, K. C. hall. All members
TODAY
Agnes Eyre and J. Frank
Grendon
"THE DEFEAT ' -
OF THE CITY"
An absorbing story of country life
in four parts.
"THE COLLEGE
BOY'S SPECIAL"
An adventure of
"A Daughter of Daring"
Featuring
Helen Gibson.
"HAM AND BUD"
COMEDY.
"Doubles and Troubles."
Continuous Show 12 to 10 p. m.
and friends invited.
354
"A LA HARRY LAUDER."
I like a man A jolly man.
In all things brave and true.
I like a man, that is a man,
A man "four square." doa't you?
I like a man A jolly man,
A loyal man to you:
T like a man rim 1 a m:in
the public with their unprincipled I XK.JURh often ji;shing vou
methods. Engagement hours daily j
and Sunday, S a. 111. to 8 p. m.
-Advertisement-208
PHEUM THEATRES
See your carrier Two dollars for
three months three months for S2.00
Review.
COMING.
Dr. Schcll, the well known optomet
rist and optician of Tucson, wiil be at
the Copper Queen hoK'l on his regu
lar quarterly visit .n Wednesday and
Thursday. November 7 and 8. If you
reed glasses call on him for expert ser
vice. Specbi! at::'ii(ic n to ch:ldrens
eyes Adv-297
i The man who buys a Ford "my dear,"
I A Lizzie made of tin.
iThen meets you with a smile sincere
i And says, "let's take a spin.
; The man who buys a Ford Ah! ha!
1 And shares the seat with you.
The man who la'er. asks papa.
iThen Ha! Ha! Ha! Don't you?
i . Sign F. F.M.
332
TWO DAYS COMMENCING WEDNESDAY NOV. 7TH
TWO SHOWS DAILY 1 P.M. AND 8 P.M.
THE MOST MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION OF ALL TIMES
D. W. Griffith's $2,000,000 Spectacle
Rockhill's stage Bisbee-Tombstone.
Leaves Bisbee Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a. i
m., 1:30 p. m. Leaves Tombstone Ar-'
'.ington hotel 10 a. m. 5p. m. 7 passen- '
ger cars. Careful drivers. Phones, Bis- j
bee 5. Tombstone 88.
Need glasses? See Dr. Schell the op
tometrist of Tucson on his regular vis
it rte?t Wednesday and Thursday. Cop
per Queen hotel. Adv-298
Fruitman Fashionable Ladies' Tailors
specializing in women's suits. Furs of
every dcscripl.'jn reiined and rera'K'
elcd. Phone Black 79S, opposite V. M.
C. A. Alv-760
Dr. E. K. Carpenter, ye, Ear, Nose
and Throat. Douglas every Wednes-j
day. Office, Room No. 19, Meguirei
Building. 476 :
SELECT DANCE
Every Sunday night, Pythian Castle. O.
K. street. Invitations obtained from
Committee or at the door. Adv 674
Two dollars for three months
view. See your carrier.
-Re-
: A REAL HOME Two 4 room hous
es, 2 lare lots, deeded ground, 40
fruit trees, garden, lawn, sheds, chick
en houses, etc.; the garden spot of the
Warren Distrir:. $3,000. Terms.-See
WINTERS & IiOIJRECO, Ix)well.
, 340
Big Turkey Dinner at English Kitch
en, today. Adv-347
Love's Struggle Throughout the Ages I
: tt
PDIfQ. MATINEE, LOWER FLOOR, 5Ccts. BALCONY 25cts. hi
i I s Mil O NIGHT 23c, 50c, 75c, $1.00. U
I
When your tooth aches, see a den- j
tlst. When your battery is ailing, see '.
battery experts. Willard Service Sta i
tion, Lbwe'.l. Adv.-360
Big Turkey Dinner at English Kitch
eu, today. Adv-347
Big Turkey Dinner at English Kitch
en, today. Adv-o47
Are you planning to take the Re
view? Subc;nbe NOW. Re3C" the list
cf boys who eve working for the Re
view cash prizes, given for the great
est number of new subscriptions.
I Poultry meeting tonight 6:30 prompt,
at Y. M. C. A. All interested are asked
to attend this meeting. A. Ireland,
secretary. Adv-351
rti'.i . ni ii m-i ti f rtr H .f r'nM,i i ,infA -'j
It will pay you to nave us clieck the
"le-itrical system on your car. Loh
if.an Wright, Lowell. Adv.-360
Business Locals
The LaCorona Corset made to ineas- Three months for $2.C0 Review. !
ure, nun ru: ing steels, self adjust!::;; See your carrier.
bad; rh 'ath lace front, if urgent c;ui
fill order in V Ways by calling on Mrs.! R. R. WATCH INSPECTORS ;
Gilmoro, SI School Hill, Miss Moore's Prompt repairing, careful workina:-
PRIVATE SANITARIUM.
Call r.larU .r)73 fur terms, etc.
Advertisement 974
CARD OF THANKS. 1
We desire to express ur thanks to
I'ricii ls and acquaintances who. dur-ng
the illness and death of August Perardi
iia.e been more tlian kind.
JOHN PERARDI
CHARLES PERARDI
Adv-361
Jap Banker Makes
Appear for Full
Support By U. S.
' (Uy Review Leased Wire.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 2. "Ec-
i nomic co-operation of Americans and
Japanese does not mean only a com
bination of capital: above all it
amounts to a coordination of the mor
al and material forces of the two na
tions." Daron Megata, beading a aJp
ane.se financial mission to chis coun
try, said here tonisht. He spoke at
a dinner giveu by the Japan Society of
America and attended by prominent
San Francisco public men and their la
dies. Baron Megata paid a tribute i'-
the women of the United States for
.heir patriotic work and courage.
"Keeping the Pacitic paeinc." had
I been one of Japan's chief services, he
j said in discussing his country's part
j in the war.
j "I am somewhat familiar with the
; great work of patriotism performed by
j the newspapers in your country during
j the last month, and I am happy i have
j the opportunity to felici:ate the nntion
'and the press on the great success of
the second liberty loan," he said.
! Some papers in both countries, he
'taid, have lent themselves, probably
'unconsciously, to unfriendly propaan
! da. H urged a better understanding
! between the countries.
The
LYRIC
Beautiful
Continuous From 1 To 10 P. M.
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
MADGE EVANS
IN
"THE LITTLE
DUCHESS
MUTUAL COMEDY
ADMISSION
Reserved Seats
Lower Floor
Balcony
.20c
-10c
c
FLAGSTAFF QUOTA
QF BIG Y FUND IS
RAISED IN 3 DAYS
Review is offerina $50X0 to boy se-1
L. L. Gilman sells the New Edison, apartments. Agent, will call at your shjp. courteous treatment. Lowell curing the greatest number of new
"the phonograph with a soul.'
KNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS.
K. C. Dance, Tuesday evening, No
vember 6, K. C. hall. All members
and friends invited. 354
j While the president is regulating
;the industries of the country we wis'i
he would take over the millinery busi
ness. Our wife's hat bill came in the
other dav.
' FLAGSTAFF. Nov. 3. The first
blood of the Y. M. C. A. war work cam
paign for $35,000,000 goes to the Flag
' staff district or district No. 1 of Ari-
zona. Rev. W. 1L Dubose, secretary
for the district, had planned to spend
; at least two weeks getting ready for
i the campaign. Instead of thiee weeks
' total time, the allotment . was raised
in three days. Rev. Dubos says the
business men of that section appar
1 ently "heard me the first time." IK
i further declared it was splendid the
way the people, especially the busi-
ness men, responded to the needs cf
the hour.
The quoia for the FlaestafT dis
trict, which included all of the towns
along the Santa Fe line in Arizona,
was $6,000. and it argues well for th?
success of the national campaign t
see the way the opportunity for giving
to this service was grasped in that
section.
The northern pat Arizona has been
foremost in war service, and respond
ed earlier and in greater proportion
for enlisted men than any other part
of the Southwest.
residence. Adv 533 ; Jewelry Slrtp. Adv. 8S6 1 subscribers. Subscribe now. j
1 SOCIETY
MINING
i SECTION
S SECTION
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRES8
VOL. 20. No. 128.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 4, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
3.
3
'i
i
V
F'.
I
1
Short Product of
Copper; Extension
Possible Near City
State of Arizona Is Still Fourteen Million Pounds of Copper
Short of Its Normal Production. Development Work in the
Quadrangle May Mean Great Things to the District Sev
eral Properties Have Big Showings.
Approximate estimated copper production in Arizona during October was
63,000,000 pounds, compared with 77,000,000 pounds estimated in March, and
which, with 3,000,000 pounds the month
from New Cornelia, gave foundation for estimates of upwards of 80,000,000
pounds of copper production the month for Arizona during the fall and win
ter, or at the rate of practically, a billion pounds the year, one-half of the
total estimated American continent production.
In the October production the smelters at Douglas participated to the
amount of 25,000,000 pounds, or more than one-third of the total output of
the state. The Copper Queen shelter made Output of approximately 17,500,000
pounds of the Douglas total and the Calumet & Arizona of approximately
7.500.000 pounds. The Copper Queen's best previous month's production was
17,250.000 pounds in March. The Calumet &. Arizona figure for October Is
very close to its top record. The output of both smelters tells its own story
'of the mine efficiency, which gave support to copper production in October.
m
Jerome is figured in the October estimate at approximately 13.000,000
pounds, an increase of a million pounds. New Cornelia made the really
strong showing of the month, however, with 3,500,000 pounds, as against the
rated output of 3,000,000 pounds for its plants, which was figured in this
summer for its fall months. Its figure in October make it certain that New
Cornelia will work to 4,000,000 pounds the month, a figure that would insure
Arizona production at the rate of a billion pounds the year, nnder normal
conditions. '
Globe-Miami is figured in the October estimate at ten million pounds, or
about- half of normal. A fine gain is shown for the month and it augurs
well for netr approach to two-thirds normal production this month. Clifton
Morencl Is dropped from the estimate with their 8,000,000 pounds normal
production. They are just picking up their work and In view of the condi
tion of mines and plants as the result of the tieup it is not anticipated that
they will be able to make much of a showing before December.
Ray is Included in the estimate at approximately 8,000,000 pounds, the
splendid maximum figure which it has been averaging for several months
at undisturbed maximum capacity. Humboldt provides 2,000,000 pounds,
Sasco 1,000,000 and Magma 1;00,000 pounds In the approximate estimate.
Half a million pounds is estimated for ores shipped to El Paso and other
out-of-the-etate smelting points. .
Bisbee Extension.
Bisbee, In a mining way, is creeping away from Its formerly held center.1;.
Time was when mining activity prevailed in but a small area. Already pro
ductivity has spread beyond rash expectations of twenty years ago and the
prediction is not an over zealous one, that the activity in the next five years
will again surprise the most optimistic
Most notable activities are those confined to the southeastern and south-
era pan oi me oisoee quauraugie.
sundpoint. is that being carried out by the Copper Queen at the Calumet
v
and Cochise shaft on what was, formerly. Warren ground. This work may
determine the length of the copper bearing ground in the direction of Warren
and may mean the opening of a tremendous field of mining activity.
Copper Queen, in buying Warren, did not have in mind a purchase with
which to conjure.
Undoubtedly work
it has not been long in starting. Twofold is the idea behind the present de -
velopment in the old Calumet and Cochise shaft.
Work is being rushed in the timbering, or retimbering, of the shaft. The
timbermen and shaft men are down over 600 feet Through certain parts
of the shaft the old timber had fallen away from the walls and had matted
together. This has been cleared out andr rapid progress is bein? made. It
is estimated that in about three weeks
From that point the work will consist
the old shaft, in order to enlarge the topmost portion. Just how deep the
company expect to go is uncertain. It will be governed largely by what
found. Water Is one of the objects of the development and ore is another. 1
ti.. ...t r im. cf win Ko neaA in ih mill whirh the rnmnnv will '
IdeDth of 2(10 feet nn.i lend tho nunpri building steadily, but that our needs trlotlc in buying motive,
erect on the south side of the hill to handle the ores of Sacramento. Develop- i tJ,; vi"wof their proper sn f expanding mining oper-! Stocks of corn meal in both Bis
ment from the Calumet and Cochise shaft will be prosecuted with vigor and ty. j atlons and natural increase in popu-ibee and Douglas have been cut o
may go far toward enlightening those interested as to the character and hold-j Machinery Is . now being hauled to lation nad. een during the last half the minimum, as the result of the
; .. ............ J .1 ...... ...... .. ....... V. 1 avaa..a nt . nitsh unit nam Biinnllaa hnua Kuan tal.
in gs of the deep ground under Warren.
Around Whitetail Deer.
The other principal extensions which are giving great promise lie south
of Uie Mule range, within sight of Naco. of which the principal operation is
that of the Whitetail Deer, owned by the Copper Queen. This property is
an old one. It was investigated by the geologist, Ransome, in 1902 at the
time of one of his investigations here. It had some ore at that time but
was subsequently closed and, later,
Queen.
Whitetail Deer is now 300 feet deep,
other at the bottom of the shaft For
has been shipping nearly two carloads of
workings extend, principally, in a northerly direction and tho depth attained
under the hill is considerably more than the shaft. The principal ore is
being worked on the 150 level.
The Broken
The Broken Prom.se shaft of the
to turn out Into something big. This
figured as probable after September
unt ui iuC iiiubi iuius i.uu. r-,a
was contemplated from the star, and I
the timbermen will be at thetbottom.
of sinking the shaft and raising on ,
came into the ownership of the Copper j
with two levels, one at 150 and the
the past week or two the company
oxide a day from this property. Tbe
Promise,
Wolvrine-Arirona company promises !
shaft was sunk by leasers, originally.
NOW LET THE
(f'-
c
w3 m
4 ? sa?
l
i if .rj--:
L' '
I" n, j
7
A game of bridge near the front line trenches. '
Bjrwpt while at his meals the allySoldier in the front line trenches seldom is seen without his pas mask.
A Jfcent photograph of a bridge party in a French divisional headquarters shows the men pn-pared against a
sudden gas attack. Constant vigilance is the price of safety and even in his diversions the warrior must I
on the alert.
The company is now sinking the
shaft. It has been shipping from the '
Broken Promise some good ore and !
promises to enlarge the shipments as
soon as adequate haulage facilities are j
obtainable.
The Boreas. j
Two leases exist iu this neighbor-!
hood which have more than ordinary
promise. One is the Boreas and the!
other is the Night Hawk. Both of the
leasing companies are owned by war
ren District people. The ground is
Copper Queen.
The Boreas people have sunk an in
clined shaft. Vertically, the depth al
ready reached Is about one hundred
feet. A drift was pushed north from
the shaft and a raise was started. In
the'drift rich stringers of ore were en-!
countered. The leasers are continu
ing their explorations and have reach-
ed the forty level in the raise. They '
expect to sink a winze off the same
level to determine the extent of thr,
ore.
Two hundred fee:, farther to the
north, a blowout can be seen on the
surface. It is the 'object of the leas
" -Miners in me comer countries are-
era to drive to that point and explore eager to come t0 Arizona a great ! zona minInS districts, there is no town
the contact." It is very probable that;manv or tnem desire to come regard. ! realty opportunity of better class or
the shaf; will be sunk another hundred ,esg of cIimatic conditionSt feelin? that : more certainty of continued excellent
feet and similar. work prosecuted. .jfar greater opportunitie8 exl8t Xor returns anywhere in the country. Con
Boreas has shipped a car load of ore lthfcm and ,heir famUies out here-but 8truotion ,? not near 80 expensive an
and will ship another very shortly. , we wM haye to prov,de mucn mor . in the colder countries, taxes are no
The Night Hawk. j in the way of housing facilities be-!nie"r. income is as large and the
The Night Hawk is one of the best . fore tfiey can be encouraged to follow ' uture 'onRer and bigger."
equipped leases in this part of the j out their deglre ,n tn8 mauer."
countrv. The leasers have sunk their 1 ... .... . . !
shaft to a depth Of 380 feet and only
coupie of day8 ag0 encountered!
some low grade oxide in the shaft This
, -.M"j . , , ,
? n"!?'f J,ii wt' ,
tion. The shaft will be sunk a short
distance farther and then lateral de
velopment will be prosecuted. Hold
ers of Night Hawk leasing shares feel
assured of developing a real piece of
mining gi'jund. Already the value of
t"e snares has doubled.
Arizona-Bisbee.
Farther to the west another piece of
important development work is being
prosecuted with vigor. It consists of
the Arizona Bisbee Copper Mining
company. This companv owns seven
teen claims, situated between the
Copper Queen Extension (Tire Old Bis-1
bee West) and the Red Mountains
Th HevePmmpnt .. -,nQci f .
shaft seventy fee; deep, fully timbered
rel ln the 8naft j8 similar to that
found in the Nisrht Hsu V nt over
tne DroDertv. a I nr t he nir in t he rn 1-
(road yards at Don Luis. The shaft 1
houses are complete; the gallows i They were surprised to learn that in , or conservation is reported rrom otner
frame work ready for work. A water ! tJl Warren district and the Jerome; mining centers in the state. In all of
supply, of adequate proportions, has ! district the building of houses this : these, reports received by resident
been developed from .the Cowan spring, ! vear nad been on the largest scale members of the state executive com
and once the machinery is turned over, 1 tne history of either district in mittee of the Food Administration tell
rapid work is expected. spite of high costs of all materials of general signing of food pledge
The Corrigan and labor, and that in every other dis-; cards this week. Returns from all
Between the ArUona-Bisbee and the trlct in tne 8,a,e wlth tne exception , districts in Cochise county Indicate
other properties
Is another working.
Consisting of the Corrigan lease. This
is being worked by Bisbee people. Ma-,
chinery Is being placed and shaft de-
velopment will be ruhed
Sacramento Hill.
Work on Sacramento hill is progress-'
Jng wlth regularity and with satistac-;111
; Uon to all concerned. A cut is now
l hp nir mmla aonaa Inn rtmn rn ima ltin
" -
The work is
I nencn ji aacramenio.
; slow and hard.
Thi nmmnv iu rot.
ting the track. In good shape and will ;
(Continued on Page Seven.)
GERMANS TURN ON THEIR TOISON GAS1
"'J
1 ' i
I
5. i
r a jr.t "
MOREIHOUSES
IS GREATEST
IN DISTRICT
Safety First McKeehan Re-
rr f ' CI
turns hrom lnp ot lnves -
tigation and Comments On
j n u
v,rjiii8 iciiiauu, i ur uuus-
ing Facilities.
..... . . ;
LJ"
. i Copper Queen Safety First division,
l" lu,ru," p '. .
findings on an eastern trip from which
he has just returned. Mr. McKeehan
made the foregoing expression, as to;
visited a number of mining districts:
with an eye to the noting of matters
of safety first interest. Eastern di3-
tricts, the Lake country and Minne-j
snta r.nd the Rocky mountain region !
mining districts came under his ob
servation. During his visits he talked
with many miners.
PRESENT NEED
"There would be no trouble about j food ravings movement, but they un
our Arizona population of miners." derstand how to get along with sub
going into Colorado, T.Iontana and j stitutes in food when occasion re
Idaho alone and pretty near doubling quires and are proud of the fact As
continued Mr. McKeehan. "Married I much was demonstrated here and in
j men are particularly anxious to come
out. But when they ask as to accoru-
modations for their families, they must
,e toItdthat we haVe "0t the houge
of those who asked
! me that tnis not mean ,nat we
i were not building and had not been
UI ' ' v-"-no
commodations we were able to supply. .
of tne Cufton-Morenci district, there
na(1 uen more nouse uunumg mis
year lt year, with no over-con
structlon in any instance and the work
crowding along at this time as fast
s at any time In the year.
"Evidences of the draft are present
8,1 of the minlnS country. Operat-'
' In forces show - it. and will show It,
been no way;
. vv.,, .... j
,0 reP!ace t'1'" 'abor. anl It not likely
10 ue- ine oi'Jfi men rr mumiug un.oi
"J.
the metal miners of the need of the
-) 2
4. . i
9
rSh. MX -
W-! g- Vfc
i government that things be kept going
: as near top capacity as possible. It
j is for this reason that a good many
; of thp.se loyal Americans in the gold,
1 lead, silver and zinc camps are par
' ticularly desirous of coming to Ari
zona. They want to feel that they are
' helping get out the premier war metal
I copper. It is a fine spirit.
I "To get top efficiency and do all
i that we are capable of, our bigget-'t
j need, as I see it. at this time is more
j houses. If we can provide the lattei,
j the miners will come with a rush from
all over the country, and we will see
our leasing, small mining and pros
i ppcting and our general development
i of new areas advanced with greater
rapidity than in any previous period.
New blood always works that way.
' This achievement will be entirely ad-
, dj'Uonal to the actlties whicn
our big mines will be able to pursue
! 1 opening new resources upon their
DrODerties and thereby increas-
i ing the output from the maximum that
; they are, have been equal to at any
' time in the past.
"la tnf ti mi sa lnvatmont In Art.
P.flMMIIMITY
KNOWS HOW TO MAKE
MANY REDUCTIONS
yOUGLAS, Ariz.. Nor. 3. Smelting
! and mining centers' people are not
; only eager in desiring to assist the
Bisbee when reduced price was made
this week on corn meal, along with
declaration of the fact that govern
ment desired as much departure is
possible from the use of flour. The
stores, inspired by patriotic motives,
to cut down the corn meal price, were
swamped by housewives no less pa
-
egrapnea ior. Lane movement in a:ci
mat cveryooay is signing tne cams
aim u:i ic .rBU..a ... ue u.s
as in the Liberty loan campaign, which
put Cochise county at the front in
Arizona with a 2S07r response to the
can raaae oy uie government.
U. OF A. WINS
(By Review Leased Wire.)
TUCSON. Nov. 3. Arizona I niversi-
ty defeutt-d Now Mexico Aggies today.
i"" ""'" "7
usl' twV
The visitors scored first
seconds of play. Cap-
tain Foster kicked goal.
' i t t s jr-
jc-... v- -' j . v . - ' .'..((.
a
:C0L RANDOLPH
i TELLS OF DANGER
! FOR DEMOCRACY
i Head of Southern Pacific de Jerome Verde and Binghamp
j Mexico and Arizona East-1 ton Properties Are looked
. era Gives Wall Street Jour
nal Highly Instructive In
! terview.
; On a private car parsing through
Washington last week, with Mrs. flan-
jdolph. making his firct visit to the
east in 23 years, was Colonel Fpes
Randolph, president of the Southern
Pacific R. It company of Mexico, and '
civil engineer, incidentally but pri
marily one of the half-dozen greatest
developers and railroad men the coun- m,ne ,n 0181 district and at last that
try has produced, says the Wall Street desire has been granted. Jerome
Journal. j Verde, the favorite nlaything of tho
It was some 23 years ago that Har- specllatiTe e,ement In lhe 8totU mar.
riman stepped out of obscurity and . . M
began masterly organization of the ket- has Kraua,ed from the prospect
railroads of the country. Colonel t0 the producing class and Is now,
Randolph's position in the railroad! luiPPmK lour carloads a week to
world and other fields was already ! the Consolidated Arizona smelter at
recognized to the degree that he was Humboldt Actual measurements sho
asked to take charge of the whole Jthe , ore t d on :ne maia
Southern Pacific system. Whereupon ; -. .
Nature made one of those queer' cla,m' to be 14 feet m widtn- bul r"
moves across the board by affecting! fading Its copper content there is
his health and shifting him to the I a wide divergence of opinion. The
dry southwest
It was this lodging of a block of
its executive ability in Tucson, Ariz.,
which began Southern Pacific's devel
opment in that region, and its exten
sion into tbe wondrous land of prom-
ise and problem, Mexico, . Southern
Pacific has spent pver $40,000,000 on
Mexican lines construction, has 1.242
miles of railroad across the border in
operation when conditions permit,
with some 600 miles more to be con-
structed as soon as order is restored, tlons. but the salient fact still re
Except for a few miles of costly mains that the mine is shipping and
construction still incompleted at tbe before long should be in a position not
extreme southern end. Southern Pa- only to pay for' further development
cific trains could jow steam out of but accumulate a fund for the pay
the Tucson station in southern Ari- ment of the dividends,
zona, cross the border and spin down One other copper, which has in the
the Mexican PacVic coast country past few cjays conclusively demon
hundreds of miles clear to Guadala- strated its right to be classed as a
jara. connecting there with the Na- mine is the Binghampton in the May.r
tional Railways of Mexico. And to date district, a strike of unusually rich
Mexico owes Southern Pacific some ore being made a few days ago in the
$7.1500.000 for transportation, or rail- new workings on the 600 level There
road property purchased, confiscated are now two ore shoots on the 6.
or destroyed. about 300 feet apart one ot which is
Southern Pacific has issued na 18 feet "in width, the other already
bonds against this Mexican property, having been crosscut about 23 feet.
It holds in Its treasury the 175,000.- The latter shoot -is supposed to be an
000 stock of the company. But why extension of the big shoot recently
an outlay of $40,000,000 to earn a $7.- encountered in the raise from the
000,000 claim against such a party 600 foot leve'. the shoot being some-
as Mexico? ' think like 45 feet i width at th
"Because," said Mr. Randolph, "that point at which it was cut. The rock
stretch of Mexico along the Pacific from the 13-foot shoot assays about
coast is the richest most wonderful- 8 per cent copper. While the ore in
ly productive land in North America the 23-foot shoot goes nearly per
or South America and so far as I cent, some picked samples from tho
know, the richest land on earth. It new workings run as high as 27 per
yields its five crops a year such cent
crops as 65 tons of sugar cane to the! The success of the Binghampton hss
acre end 75 bushels of corn. Devel- caused a revival of activity in the
opment of that country will make It Mayer field and properties which have
one of the wonders of the world. .been lying dormant for many years
When? I are making preparations to get into
"I knew Diaz for 36 years. He was action again. One of the manifest -not
the man pictured on our people's tions ot this activity is the establish
mind. The Mexican peon is not a ment of a camp at Copper Mountain,
vicious character. He is a good Jia- preparatory to the working of th
tured, easily satisfied type, but not of croup. Scores cf shoots, cats and ot it
caste moulded to fit a democracy wither exploratory nork had been done
its frequent change of administra- when the property was shut down in
tors. Diaz ruled so long and so ably
because he was a father to tbe Mexi
can people; that first, but almost sim
ultaneously, because he made
obey.
"The peons are different from the deceased, was the original owner,
labor type in cooler northern climes, and his son, Celora M. Stoddard, and
yes. But the idea that Mexico is an Senator Reynolds of New York, the
ignorant land is a mistake. The up- latter principal owner of the Bins
per classes are better educated than hampton. are backing the movement
are those in the United States, speak for the resurrection of this pioneer
four or five languages and have property under the corporate nam
broader view of world affairs. I)ia of the Copper Mountain Mines corn
was a big man. His mind was a pow- pany.
er, throwing him into striking con-t
trast with many of our own chief ex
ecutives. He was the able autocrat j
Mexico needed. Mexico is poor, but j
it is going to take something morst
than capital, something other than
courts to enable our southern neigh
bor to encourage credits and con-
tracts, to resume her development.
development of a land whose wealth
In resources has not yet been imag
ined. Nor its wealth in pride. Poor in
pesos, but rich is (pride. Mexicans
have been rating United States gold
at a discount. They rated Diaz at a
'
premlura.
"Meanwhile, the lesson comes north
across the border. Power, concentra
tion, centralliatlon. Democracy in
(Continued on Paee Two)
TWO NEW MINES
SEEM ASSURED
IN NORTH COUNTY
Upon as the Next "Comers'
Among Copper Producers
in Yavapai.
PRESCOTT, Ariz.. Nor. 3. Yapaval
mother of Arizona counties, bids fair
to add to the world-fame of the state
as a copper producer. The United
Verde and the United Verde Exten-
sion, both copper marvels, have been
hoping for the bricging in of another
most conservative estimate ot the av
erage- value of the ore that has been
made by anyone in authority is tea
per cent Others who have been in
the crosscut 50 feet above the lZ'Xt
level claim that the ore will average
at ieast 2o per cent.' Rumors in tir-
culation that the average copper con
tent of the ore crosscut Is 40 per cent
are looked upon njerely as exaggera-
1SS1. The primitive smelter on the
group was the first built and operate
north of the Gila while the mine it-
them self was one of the irst active cop
pers In the state. I. T. Stoddard, now
TARRED AND FEATHERED.
By Review Leased W!r?l
LANSING. Mich.. Nov. 2. After be
ing given a mock trial at which he
was accused of pro-Germanism. Wil
liam Caaw R ft van fa WAlt kHAWIl
wM tafred ,nd featheMKi
tonight by a group of cen clad In
white robes.
Saer was seized about two blocks
from his home, thrown into an auto-
MAKI1A ilr.A i - vrklf links
""u """"
where a score or more men were walt-
. .), ......it s.-r - driven
' . ., . . . . .
back to within a block of his home
and deposited on the sidewalk.
The police have no rlue to the Ideo-
tlty of the band. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 4, 1917.
1 "" " ' "" " , - i " "u .- ' i m ' i
Slil OnifQstornfront WmSSJM
all Savage gains have been consolidated and
in the Pacific Coast Middle West and South
West fields. Savage Tires are constantly win
ning new successes. The rapid advance of the
Savage army is due to highest quality tires
Selling and distributing methods which insure
constantly fresh stocks. Satisfactory service.
More miles per dollar.
Ml
mm
f MfftM
Hssp biq rnifsagsf
Mm
Lnsk far
Colonel Randolph
Tells of Danger
(Continued From Page One.) '
America, yes; but ' democracy must
select its autocrats and compel tbern
to devote themselves to wise direction
cf the nation's affairs. ,We have been
growing weaker Vear by year as a
nation, as an organization, because
our executives have been playing more
ana more to the whim of the multi
tude as rulers. What the multitude
demands at the moment generally
bears the title of ownership of the
famous two fingers of whisky. 'Is
McPherson good for a drink?' asked
the bartender. 'Has he had it?' re
sponded the boss. 'He has.' 'Then
he is.' And the nation's executives
have been kiduing to the level of
bartender, seeking to. give the multi
tude what it demands so that it may
get the multitude's vote at next elec
tion. They have forgotten more ana
more often that what democracy vi
tally demands Tf its executives is
wise government and not vote seek
ing and payment for votes.
."The Germans are some of the ab
lest people on earth; "but they must
be beaten out of their game of murder
lor power, and just as surely we mur.t
end the game of trading government
favors for votes, spilling power over
the millions', fence.
"When John D. Rockefeller began
clerking out in Cleveland, oil was
selling for 75 cents a gallon. When
he had achieved his great organiza
tion, oil was selling for 5 cents a gal
lon. He was born poor. Democracy
gave him opportunity. He made de
mocracy a beneficiary. Thereupon il
set about tearing his work apart.
"S Harriman. The railroad genius
of the age. The organization brain.
Thf man who lc:ok fie Union Faeifi'j
wLic'i Morgan wouid l.ot attempt to
hoist out of failure; al.so the South
ern i'a'ific, the Illinois Central,
reached north far the Northern Pa-
CAN BE CURED
Free Proof To You
All f war I yotir mmr nnl ari.-lrrm o ( ran wrd yon Tn-c trial trt- Motif, ft. F
incut. I w:iirt v,u just t- try tUi trt Uncut that s ail Just try h. .
Tuat'B ti! oniy artruintnU
I h?t-u in tt.c ilmir huinpx in Km-t Wayne for 0 rear, nearly everyone knows me and
Icnw aiX'iit my tuni-ff ul tre;itnvtit. Over ix thousand frva hundred people outside of rort
VrfWie iic-nnlins to tiwir own tfcftrmient, been cured by tin treatment Dce I first
mail'' tin? zi'Jrr n-iMir.
If j "u n ive Eczema, Itch, Sart RHeum, Tttr nrrer mind how had my treatment baa
curetl the or.-t caars I evei s;tw-civ ma a chance to prova my claim,
S -lid nv ynur n ime and fldre on the eoiipnn l:Iow and if t the trinl treatment I want to
f:kT hi 1 tie woitflrrn aecomplibhed in your own ruse ill lx- proof.
i. C. KJTZELL, Drufigist, 2724 West Main St., Fort Wayne, Ind.
Hia.-c sviid without cost or obligation to me
'"jsi nfl -c
Street tiud Io.
17
THE
Rnd Savags Sign w
I eific, gained control of the Equitable
' Life, began in earnest at co-ordina
tion of the countryls great, jangled
transportation outfit, made wonderful
progress in gaining weaith and power
I to make that work of transportation
' organization on a nation-wide . scale
a vast success and the government
, stepped in to tear down, to keep its
' ablest men the height of the mass in
, stead of helping Us ablest men to lift
j the lot of the- mass to untold levels.
! Such democracy cannot stand toi
. ever."
I When business becomes serious
I enough to compel serious action, the
; government reaches out 'and brings
, the Southern Pacific, Northern Pa-
cific and Pennsylvania railroad heads
: to Washington to get a maximum use
1 out of our railroads. The results have
been marvelous. But the committee
of three has had to use the roads in
: the condition in which they were
' found in 1917. Why didn't the gov-
; ernment help Harriman organize and
1 develop the country's railroads 20
; years ago, instead of fight him for
' political effect, tearing apart, and
; then HO years later admit that he wa3
j doing the work vitally needed?
! A leading eastern banker recently
'Baid: "The interstate commerce com
; mlssijn is one of he most burdened
! bodies, in the land. Its task is tre
; mendous. Why have we picked for it
ion iinurHrmloH fQilrrtnrl r-nnrtllftfll"?
; Because he was a labor union head,
Why have we picked for it a news
!man? Because he fought the presi
! dent's publicity campaign in the la3t
election. When there are a dozen
ra'a. experts right with the interstate
commerce commission, for 15 years
"doing its work of investigating, why
i didn't the president, select from them
' and give the country as its supervis-
ing board real rate ability, instead of
j using vacancies on such a body as the
1 interstate commerce commission to
! pay political debts? Is it administra
tive efficiency to keep our most vital
regulative body a band of neophytes
' who have no breadth nor training for
your free 1'roof Treatment.
. Ae
.SUtc
a
IMS
my1 -
SAVAGE TIRE CORPORATION
5a Diefo, California
W mm a distributor ntar yam
THE WESTERN
VULCANIZING SHOP
Johnson Addition,
LowelL Ariz.
the most difficult work in the land?"
Shown this item, said Mr. Randolph
on this point: "We are drifting to
government ownership of railroads.
When that comes, keeping rates down
as our postoffice has done' the deficit
will be made up as our postoffice defi
cit has been, through taxation. The
people will lose hundreds of millions
a year compared with a Harriman or
ganization, regulated by wise govern
ment. They will go back to paying
75 cents a gallon for transportation.
And on transportation Dusmess oi
some $3,000,000,000 a year that wil:
mean serious results.
"Years ago 1 was asked whether we
would handle 10,000 tons of low grade
t copper ore in Arizona over a certain
' haul or 10 cents a ton. After study
: lng the matter, I said 'Yes.' Harri
; man came on. He quickly surmised
that 10 cents was not ' quite paying
j us for hauling the ore. He demanded
the reason for our making the rate.
1 1 answered that it was because at that
j time the mines could not afford to
. pay even 10 cents, but that thi
' mining meant development of a town
and traffic of numerous varieties:'
! that it was 10 cents or no develop
' ment, and that given the development
the mines could afford to pay a high
er rate as soon as copper prices ad-
' vanced. . And they have. Will the
government, as railroad owner, be
rate sane and make such rates in face
' of fear of a charge of favoring the
! copper mine?
j "I was once impressed by the idea
' of a friend in Arizona of damming
1 the Colorado river in the Grand Cau
yon. As a civil engineer 1 worked
!out the plan, because it meant so
much as a means for development in
the west. It meant irrigating 1,000,
! 000 acres, furnishing a vast power
cf electric current to Arizona. Cali
fornia, New Mexico and Mexico. Ii
involved cutting and slipping down
enough of the wall rock for the dam
! "The Canyon at that point is 400
1 feet wide at the base and 400 feet
wide at the top, the walls rising al
! most perpendicularly for a sheer milo.
j The tails that dam created would
I have made Niagara an infant. I took
: the plan east to an engineering con
cern, one of the biggest in the roun
try. They approved and we signed
! contract for $50,000,000. " Then I went
' tn tho ffftvprn tnpnl fnr nMrmlwHinn fn
utilize this short stretch of the Can
yon to develop the southwest as noth
ing else could. And the government
refused.
' "There are two roads for democra-
j cy frequent elections of president
i and congressmen and judges with
possible re-election and effort to hold
i office as many congressmen do for
! life by playing to popular surface de
mands, which means great executive
'ability mangled into a million 'follies.
presidential appointments . to offices
and congressional legislation to pa)
i for votes, with courts tearing apart
! what the ablest citizens develop or
"Ten-year election of president and
congressmen wUh no re-election,
J there to govern wisely and that alone,
ANNUAL STATEMENT
OF JEROME VERDE
VERY ENCOURAGING
Engineer's Report Illuminating
In the Extreme. Company
Has $200,000 Invested in
Liberty Bonds For Future.
Local stockholders of the Jrom?
Verde Copper company ha -a receive )
notice of the arnuul meeting, which
is to be held in the oSu oi luo Stod
dard Incorporating co-"p-i.'iy. Phoenix,
on November 12, beginning at 10
o'clock. Directors will be elected fot
the ensuing year, and a propped new
code of by-laws will !(j cou i. tiered.
Financial Statement
A financial statement covering the
12 months ended October 1. 1917, ac
companies the notice. It shows that
the assets of the company October 1,
were $375,3082, of which $200,000 was
In the form- of Liberty bonds and the
remainder in cash.
The receipts for the year were $40?.
735.05 from the sale of sl'jck: $6,163.82
in interest and discounts; $150 for the
rent of a certain spring on J. V. ground
and $6,372.54 from miscellaneous
sources. A cash balance of $1S6,
948.46 was carried over from the pre
ceding year.
Expenditures were as follows:
Sinking shaft and cutting station, $66,-881.55;-drifting
and crosscuting, $22.
523.10; machinery $9,652.52; superin
tendence, engineering and sundry sur
face expenditures including, labor,
plant supplies, road yard and building,
$22,950.24; sundry supplies on hand,
$4,098.39; liability insurance and hos
pital $3,582.13; office expense, printing,
traveling expense, stockholders meet
ings, certificates, etc., $10,773.95; dia
mond drilling, $18,474.64. drifting and
crosscutting by U. V. Extension com
pany under contract $34,564.79; offi
cers salaries, $3,875; taxes, $7,572.38;
legal expense, $6,326.32; registering
and transferring stock, $5,736-56; ad
vanced to superintendent for mine pay
roll, etc., $2,976.26; current operating
bills, $23,166.18; electric power, $13,
346.10. Secretary I. Mabbett Sutton reports
that 20,055 shares of the original
treasury stock and 260,728 of the 500,-
000 additional shares voted last May
remain unissued.
Engineer's Report.
In regard to development Consult
ing Engineer E. P. Henderson reports,
under date of October 16: "
"During the past year operations
have progressed steadily in accordance
with the plans made for the complete
development Of the Jerome Verde prop
erty. Although no large ores bodies
have yet been developed, pay ore has
recently been followed for 58 feet
above the 900 level and 140 tons have
been shipped to smelter during the
past two weeks.
"The enlargement of your Columbia
shaft to a depth of 700 feet was com
pleted about January 1st, and the
shaft was sunk to its present depth of
1060 feet by April 1st. The new level
from this shaft was b tar ted at 1043
feet depth, corresponding in elevation
to the 1,400 level of the United Verde
Extension, and to the recent workings
in the northwest portion of your prop
erty. Since April we have completed
1.696 feet of drifts and cross cuts On
this new level in the Verde and Colum
bia shafts.
Drift and Crosscuts.
"In the northwestern portion of the
property, 2.006 feet of drifts and cross
cut have been driven during the past
year under agreement with the United,
Verde Extension Mining company in
the Maintop, Signal. Compass and Ver
de claims on the 1.100 level, and rais
ing has recently been started on the
bunch Of ore exposed on your 900 level
near the southern end of the Maintop
claim.
"Diamond drilling was started in De
cember from the underground work
ings of your property. To the pres
ent, 12 holes have been, drilled, varying
in length from 300 to 1,011 feet, and ag
gregating 81027 feet. These holes are
all drilled approximately horizontally.
to crosscut lOr formation. They are
situated in the Maintop. Signal, Com
pass, Anchor and Columbia claims.
Territory Explored.
"The development work of the past
year has been sufficient to partially ex
plore, in such a way as to give some
knowledge of the formations, about 60
acres out of the total 486 acres of your
property, as compared with 8 acres
partially explored a year ago. Thefee
60 acres, however, are very far from
being fully explored.
"The work has disclosed several
belts of greenstone and prophyry ternd
ing across the property In a northwesterly-southeasterly
direction, wttn a
and life terms for judges, democracy
spelling opportunity in its forty fields
or leadership by Its poverty-to-power
Rockefeller and Harriman without be
lying that spelling through its courts
the government regulating, yes; but
helping organization. encouraging
wonderful auibi!'on. dreams, nlans
and preat dveiopnu-iit.
"Thoxe are the roads. We may ripj
our Nation Into shreds. We may de-'
velop It Into a great union, by helping!
our big minds organize. Not for thej
Harriuians' sake; for the people's'
sake. And unless we begin it soon j
our- democracy, Uiinsinauizcd. will i
crumble." !
number of zones of shearing and fault
ing. Silkification is abundant, and
large bodies of jasperized rock have
been found in a number of places. Con
siderable masses of the rock encoun
tered carry disseminated pyrite, and '
solid bunches Of both pyrl.e and mag-'
netite have been tound. In a number
of places, both in the northwest
workings and near the Columbia shaft,
traces of copper have bten found in
both oxidized and sulphide form, but j
the only place in which commercial ore
is now exposed is in the raise from ,
the 900 level In the southern end Of
your Maintop claim. The exposure ;
at the foot of this raise is about 20 ;
feet in length and 11 feet In width and j
averages 8 to 10 per cent copper. This
raise has been driven upward 58 feet
during the last two weeks, and the
face now shows 8 per cent copper ore
9 feet wide. About 140 tons of ore
of similar grade bave been shipped to
smelter, but seitlement assays have
not yet been received on these ship-'
nients. .Work is being continued in
this raise and additional shipments are
anticipated, but exposures are not yet
sufficient to estimate any definite quan
tify of ore ahead of production.
Diamond Drill.
"During last April 13 inches of rich i
copper ore In the form of tore was j
produced by "the diamond drill runners'
and reported by them to your superin
tendent as coming from two feet of the
hole then being drilled. It was im
mediately ascertained that these drill
runners had delayed their report to
your superintendent until after inform
ing others in Jerome, and they were
discharged at Once. A crosscut, sub
sequently driven to the place where
the ore was reported, showed the com
plete absence of ore. It is evident,
therefore, tha: the drill runners not
only dishonestly delayed their report,
but misrepresented the facts.
"During the past year the Columbia
shaft has been equipped suitably for
hoisting and pumping from the 1.100
level and a compressor of 900 cubic
feet capacity which was Installed when
operations were resumed on the prop
er :y early in 1916.
"Development work during the com
ing year should progress more rapidly
than during the past year. After the
Columbia shaft reached the depth plan
ned, about April 1st, considerable time
was consumed in the installation of
permanent shaft equipment and in the
preparation of the 1,100 station with
pumping equipment. Suosequently,
until the middle of July, there were
but two working faces from the Co
lumbia shaft, therefore there has been
opportunity for but a few months drift
ing and crosscutting at capacity in the
Columbia shaft workings. During the
whole year the amount of work in the
northwest portion of your piOperty'was
limited by the terms of your contract
with the United Verde Ex:ensioa Min
ing Company. Delays were also caus
ed by I. W. W. activities and by the
abnormal difficulties in securing deliv
eries on equipment and supplies.
"The working faces are now suffici
ently advanced from the shaft in sev
eral directions so that a number of
drifts and cross cuts can be kept in
Continuous operation on important ex
ploration work. We have a sufficientt
supply of compressed air for all devel
opment planned with two compressors,
so that work can be continued in the
most important places when compres
sor repairs become necessary.
It is anticipated that federal action
with regard to I. W. W. activities will
'.end strongly toward a more settled la
bor condition in Arizona.
"During the coming year we are
planning to continue the scheme of
exploration of the property previously
announced. Since the capping which
overlies the ore-bearing formations on
nearly the whole area of the property
prevents determination by surface' In
ipection as to which portions of the
property are most mineralized, we pro
pose to extend drifts and crosscuts as
rapidly as possible to the more distant
parts of the property, and from these
workings run diamond drill holes
across the formation in such a way as
.o determine the distribution, charac
ter and extent, throughout the whole
property, of the various rock forma
Jons and areas of mineralzatlon. Sim
iltaneously with this preliminary ex
ploration, we shall exp.Ore in detail the
most favorable indications for ore that
have been encountered.
"Within a few weeks we shall make
connection witfi our crosscut east from
the United. Verde Extension workings
an the Verde claim. This will greatly
benefit the ventilation of the Columbia
,haft workings and increase the safe-
I ty Of operations by giving two outlets
to the mine.
"We are planning to continue drift
ing north after ticking this connection
aud by the late spring of 1918 we hope
to be able to connect with the end of
I our crosscut on the Compass claim, af-
ter which we will be able to extend
; the development work on the north
western part of your property without
being dependent on a working arrange
ment through the ground of any other
I company.
"While the developments of the past
I year bave not exposed a large quantity
: of ore. the character Of the miperaliza
j tion encountered encourages the belief
j that pay ore in quantity will be discov
j ered before the end of your develop
ment campaign and justifies the com
. plete exploriation of the property."
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
QKinHESTR S PILtS j
lIAMUD IIHaNB eil.li. .I.!
Tn.i, Bel, Ml,, Alw...
T yjU) PI UKLuUl? 15 LVERlHnFPF
a .ii..-t a . k . . r x
iJ ! ? r r Tr V
i nr i.e. A.'-viif ,-irv.
fJr? 0 oi i o q n rl Wi nr htZl
LOWELL SHOW GROUNDS
COMMENCING
TON IGHT
THE CARNIVAL1STIC SENSATION
Worttnam
Brother
. Show
ABSOLUTELY THE CLEANEST, BIGGEST AND
BEST IN OUTDOOR AMUSEMENTS
16 - Big Shows -16
KELLY BROS. ROYAL HIPPODROME
MARSHALL'S HAPPY DAYS IN DIXIE .
ZENO'S PALACE OF WONDERS
THE ARABIAN NIGHTS
BIG TEN-IN-ONE SHOW
THE AQUATIC SHOW
HIP-HIP HOORAY GIRLS - .
AMERICA, MAY-JOE, LAUGHLAND ;
MONKEY SPEEDWAY V
THE SUBMARINE U-4 DESTRUCTION
Prof. Park B. Prentiss' 20-Piece Concert Band.
300 -PEOPLE -300
IN THEIR OWN SPECIAL TRAIN OF
22--CARS--22
$5000 Merry-Go -Round
Big Eli Ferris Wheel
AERO CAROUSAL
HOMETOWN PEOPLE
DRIVING TUNNEL
INTOJJORTH HIllS
Local Development Company-
Is Doing Considerable Work'
In the Upper End of Wood
Canyon. Is Old Coalition
Ground.
I'per Wood Canyon is the scene
of mining activity which is unknown
to mosl people in the Warren district.
It consists of the work being done by
the Bisbec Hometown Development
company, which is driving a tunnel in
to t!ie north side of the canyon, to
open up what was known, for years,
as t lie Itishee Coalition ground.
The company is composed of about
fifty Bisbee business men and miners.
t. II. Clark has charge of the actual
mining operations and has a fairly
good mechanical equipment with which i
to continue his work.
So far he has driven the tunnel 2o0
I
J
feet. It is expected the working will
cut an iron dyke in about one hun
dred feet and a quarts formation in.
about two hundred feet. Twelve bun- -dred
feet farther into the hill the op
erators propose to cut an ore-bearing
formation encountered when the old
company was operating.
Dr. R. B. von KleinSraid returned to
Tucson from an extended trip throuK'i
Oregon and Washington, on which o:
delivered a number of lectures before
the universities and colleges in that
part of the country. While he was in
Seattle, ha made a trip out to Caa.p
Louis at . American Lake to visit the
former I', of A. boys in the camp there.
He reports that they are well fixed
and have made wonderful progress iu
training for a chance at the kaiser.
Charges prferred against Tom K.
Richey and William M. Lovell of Tuc
son, by the Arizona Bar association,
seeking their disbarment in connection
with allegations in the settlement of
the liolen estate, were dismissed jv a
special session of the superior court
on the grounds that there was a lack of
jurisdiction. No one was presc: t to
represent the bar association. County
Attorney Moore, who was supposed to
represent the association, spoke on
the insufficiency of the verification. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 4, 1917.
THREE
I
r
4
LASS
That will save your eyes and guaranteed to be accurately fitted.
Relief for weak or tiring eyes, headaches, nervousness, etc. See
Dr. H. A. Schell
On his regular quarterly viBit at the Copper Queen Hotel, Wednesday
and Thursday, November 7 and 8. Special atten;ion to children's eyes.
Y. W. C. A. were kept busy the larger
part of the evening Tim witch who
held forth in the lobby, and big chief
Gi-romino attracted much 'tentinn ni
well as tin- many olhtTi who weft
ccKluni.-d for the occasion. The dar-
ablp patriotism are required. Men of
draft ase are accepted only when
clearly exempt for some reason, or
when in the third draft. In this way.
every "Y" man represents a' unit
which cr.iiM nii. ot.'rtwise s;j directly
take p3rt in ti.e war. No one can bl
Sui utile
ins stunt knows as the "Slide for Life"
was one of the attractive stunts of i excused from miiiltrv duty
the evening. The one great attraction I men are nraed to apply.
of the evening was the cabaret held i
In the gym. The main floor and gal- Mr whltwell Is planning to use the
lery were packed even to the limit. new BaloptU-on machine extensively
of the standing room. The cabaret n n(s geology class. Geology is suh
was engineered by Mr. H. A. Rancourt. j.ft wnlch would pay every miner ii:
Those taking part were Tom Evans, tne dislrict to take part in. 1
Mr. White, Mr. Carnes, G. E. Kellogg. I
L. L. LeBuyer, D. A. Parrish. Mis
Quinn, Mr. Hill and H. A. Rancourt.
During the cabaret, fruit punch and
wafers were served by young ladies
from the V. W. C. A. Immediately fol
lowing the cabaret occurred the tab
leau of the Trio, Liberty, a soldier and
an Industrial Worker, which made a
striking picture. As the final event
of the evening, Mr. Snyder, principal
of the High school, told a most inter
esting and weird ghost story that was
most fitting for the occasion. .
J The "gym" classes are growing more
I popular each day. The past week has
; shown a marked increase in attend
' ance in the men's classes. You men
who work indoors and have dabby
muscles are missing an opportunity
: to keep yourself fit. (The cost Is
' small, 3 cents per day. You cannot
; afford to let your physical machine
i run down, or even run at half its ef
; ficiency. Take exercise in the Y. M.
. C. A. gym, and keep In condition.
A. B Richardson, who is working lars are to be learned from Secretary j
in New Mexico on the war work fund , Donaldson. j The usual song service will be held
... ! ' - in the lobby or the Y. M. C. A. build-
lor the l. M. t. A., has Deen laia up TJl0ma3 Meehan na3 left this cityiing Sunday, November 4, at 4:30 p. M.
with a severe cold in Santa Fe, N. M. for DoUKias, where he Is having a fine j On that occasion we shall be favored
A letter was received from him under, time accordjng to a letter received, 'with an address by Mr. W. H. Morri-
date of October 31st, in which, he says ; son general secretary of the Y. M. C.
he is improving. Richardson will be Hallowe'en, at the Y. M. C. A. was A. at Miami. The address will be
away from Bisbee for possibly an- observed in grand style Tuesday night, j given at 5 p. m. At 5:30, Dr. Harold
other month, as he has a large terri- October 30th. The building was packed ' S. Brewster will hold his popular Fel
tory to cover. from top to bottom, and every one J low-ship Bible class in the lounge room
seemed to have a good time. There j of the building. Refreshments will be
Horner and Harsch, of the Federal were many stunts arranged for the ; served to those who attend the Bible
labor investigating committee, were ' occasion. The Chamber of Horrors i class. All men of the Warren district
shown about the Y. M. C. A. building in the locker room was horrible enough ; are cordially invited to be present for
yesterday. They were fairly impress- for the most daring. The western j both meetings.
ed with the place and left a welcome holdup, the cannibals and Lola, the' At the present time, arrangements
behind for any time they may want disappearing wonder, were entirely I are being made to conduct the cam-
weekly newsletter young
HEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
The kaiser was present in the base
ment of the "Y" on Hallowe'en.
to come back. ' satisfactory to all who paid them a
visit. The crowd was so large It was
A class in college algebra is of-1 difficult for everyone to see every
fered by Mr. Schumann. The particu-; thing. Four fortune tellers from the
r a l jr. r o f .t ars
if
feu Czn Get 5,000 to 1G,CC0 More Miffis
out of them by using Gates Half-Sole Tires.
We will put them on for you and change your old tires
into new ones at about one-half the price you would
, have to pay for new tires.
Your tire comes into our plant, worn and scarred
.from; service, and we deliver it back to. you the same
tire made oversize and with a brand-new non-skid
tread of fresh rubber. Not a, square inch of your old
tire will be in sight, and you will not be able to tell it
from a new tire. " "
EATE5fTiRES
Are absolutely guaranteed for 3.500 mile of wrir without a
puncture and many luers are averaging from 6. COO to lO.OuO mtlev
You cannot get this kind of guaranteed service from any tire on the
market without paying two or three times the cost of a Gate
Halt-Sole Tin.
LET US SHOW YCU
Don't throw away another worn tire until yon have Investigated
the Sates Halt-Sole. If you are paying the tire bilk you will be In
teruted and we are ready to show yju how to keep in your own
pocket a big part of the cost ot new tires and ret better tire service
s.ian you nave ever naa Deiore. we guarantee It.
LOWELL MOTOR CO.
paign for the J35.000.000 Y. MT C. A.
war fund that ia to occur November
11 to 19. The boya of the country
will be asked to raise $1,000,000 of
this out of their own earnings. The
boys of Bisbee will want to do their
part, which is estimated at $4.00. The
boys' committee to manage the cam
paign has already been selected, and
arrangements are being made to pro
mote (be. campaign among the boys.
More derailed announcements will be
made later.
C. F. Philbrook gave his second lec
ture on "American Government" last
1 Monday evening under trying circum
stances. He had to share a room with
the food conservation raeetln?. But
the outcome was beneficial to both.
Several people who had intended to
hf.ur cne only, remained for both. The
lectures, besides being very, accurate,
am enjoyable. An appreciation of the
subject and thorough mastery of style
s lend a peculiar charm to these talks.'
we learn irom an aumoniauve
source that Y. M. C. A. war secreta
ries are ' badly needed. Men of an
earnest and proved Christian charac
ter, who are willing to undergo con
siderable secrifices, are-urged to con
sider this possibility. Business or
technical skill, some experience in
similar work, ability to work with,
rather than over, men and unquestion-
V
I p$fj&1
J l I I
1
Choosing as the subject of his talk
Sunday afternoon, "Life In an Aus
trian Prison Camp," Mr. Donaldson
drew a vivid picture of a Y. M. C. A.
secretary's work in relieving the .al
most hopeless condition of the Rus
sian, Serbian and Italian prisoners In
Austria.
In the'beginning he had to contend
with the lack of co-operation, if not
the actual enmity of the Austrian offi
cers who had charge of the, various
camps; but it was not long before
those same men acknowledged that
American diplomacy had succeeded
where brutality bad failed, in estab
lishing schools among the prisoners
taught by the educated from among
their cwn numbers, in persuading them
to grow garden stuff inside the en
closure, in interesting them in holding
theatricals and in doing many "other
things to make them contented.
There was a scarcity of food in
Austria, but as the prisoners were per
mitted to have parcels sent them from
home, the Italians and Russians were
the recipients of frequent packages of
bread, rice and so forth. The Serb
ians received very little 'ood from
home, and that . was usually moldy
black bread, or even more moldy
cheese. Their relatives In Serbia
wrote that there was plenty to eat
there, but the government would not
allow them to send it out of the coun
try. At Christmas the 'Association men
received a large shipment of caady,
and they divided it among the U;r;e
thousand men in the prison hospital,
each man receiving six sticks. Pris
oners who tried to escape wera hunt
ed down with hounds and punished
by being confined to the guardhouse.
. At the Serbian camp there were a
hundred women who wore the uniform
of the Serbian army. Through the
efforts of the Association these we.-o
sent hack to their homes.
At the close of Mr. Donaldson's talk
coffee and doughnuts were served and
the guests questioned Mr. Donaldson
about various conditions in Europe.
It was an opportunity not often -en
joyed to question one who has seen
both sides of the -world warfare.
. Ii li I SERVE COLO I . ' it
HlPi CINCE its first bow to V
n sS. the public,
If V
I 0 ttvm.fi 1
s Vjt IneBeverage
-; -. cchtrai. tonsi"""
r4
V
Ambrosia
achieved instant success as
a Beverage of distinctive
qualities.
Try it' to-day youll never
tire of its many delights.
At hotels, restaurants, cafes, drug
stores, grocery stores, fountains, ted at all
places where beverages are served.
Order it by the case from pour dealer
CENTRAL CONSUMERS COMPANY
IMCOMPORATCa
LOUISVILLE, KENTUCKY
i v:, ?.iv-i;.y
MYERS, DARLING & HINTON CO.
Wholesale Distributors
&
KM
P
m.: 3 v it
r
j
Monday afternoon an enthusiastic
class of women from the Twentieth
Century club met to learn the art of
millinery under the instruction of Mrs,.
Wilson. This was the usual Friday
afternoon class, which was adjourned
on account of the circus. The group
met again Friday afternoon and In the
evening the regular night class met
as usual.
Monday evening commenced the
Hallowe'en festivities which lasted all
week. Miss Myrtle Roper and Miss
Dorothy Sutton gave a party to their
girl friends. Thirty-six guests were
entertained by their hospitality.
The basket ball team had a practice
game Monday night.
WATER
HEATING
Tuesday evening, of course, every
one was at the "Y" having a good
time. Many of the Y. W. C. A. girls
went in costume.
Miss McCurdy entertained a group
of Lowell club girls with an Interest
ing party Wednesday. There were
games and the usual funny Hallowe'en
stunts.
BY
GAS
Hie process of heating water for domestic purposes has been rev
olutionized in the past few years through the introduction and
' perfection of gas fired water heaters, until today it 4 no longer a
a problem to secure an abundance of hot water quickly and econo
- ; mically, in any dwelling, large or smalL
Today, in the countless thousands of homes where ga fired water healers are in
stalled, an abundance of hot water is available for any purpose. By some types of heat
ers the water is heated instantly at the turn of a faucet, by others, within a few min
utes after lighting the heaters, and all without labor, inconvenience or discomfort, ind
at a reasonable cost for gas.
LET US SHOW YOU
Bisbee Improvement Co.
During the past week a conference,
composed of delegates from Californ
ia, Nevada and Arizona met at Los An
geles to determine ways and means of
raising the Pacific Field's share of the
$4,000,000 which the government has
requested the Association to contrib
ute toward the care and comfort of
the American army. Th Kansas and In
other places where there are large
cantonments, excellent work has been
done in establishing "hostess houses"
where the soldiers- may meet their
wives, sisters, sweethearts and friend.-t.
Later, Miss Charlotte Davis, fiald sec
retary, will visit the Bisbee Y. W. C.j
A. to assist with Valuable suggestions
regarding the work of raising our
quota of the money.
PASCKALL WRITES
OF CONDITIONS ON '
FARMS III COCHISE
of such conditions are due to some as to produce more food product,
unscrupulous locators who enticed the The consumers could also secure the
peoplo to such regions and secured ! potatoes for 2 cents per pound less
large locating fees. It ia very good j and there would still be a gooc" margin
that this kind of locators have disap- of profit for the retailers. This state
pea red. (of affairs as now exists cannot be
"This county is producing less than I D,ame(1 uPn tn retailers entirely,
one-fourth of the food and feedstuff! nor the producers or consumers alto-
j consumed within the county. Tjero , Betherr The condition can be reme
Pnimfv A Trirulrural Aoent i are excel'ent locr.l markets, but died through the combined efforts of
" , - . If Agem : these mu.t be studied by the produc-' nd 11 i3 certainly the patriotic
Tells Interesting Facts Rela-jers and through organization and ro-jdutJr of each one to a8- T brinff
f U prtc:U:i;;B i-i operation by the producers and con-lbout the "needed improvement there
live lO Uie rossiSU.ues mi sumerSi thege nmrkets can be RHpp,lpdj must be organization and nnderund-
ThS Region of Arizona. i which would be of great benefit to all. lls araonS tne farmers-to know what
. jThe saving in transportation space and , ,8 wanted, to produce nhese. want In
. ' ! prices wili result and the resources of the b31 and most economical way. to
A. L. Paschall. county agricultural; the Munty wi be bptter devplo put them up in the proper way for
agent, with-headquarters in Willco.v, Md utHit The consumers will a!fo ' filing and to combine to sell the
is onj of the most optimistic men Sn ; secure cheaper, fresher and better ln th best nd mo8t economical war
Cochise county regarding its agrlcu!-' product3 Tne Dringing about Ofs,lcjl!to supply the markets constantly a.
tural possibilities. He realizes, hew-1 bet;er ronditiong ls of uirect concern : near as possible and with the product
ever.: the handicaps and the trials the,producers f mineral products 1 R9 tbe markets require them. Th.
which must be encountered in making a3 wel, a8 to tne projucers n, a.,r,. i consumers can also very much lessen
a farm pay. The following letter from cuItural proeutts where there " is the tost by not beins so Mactln- b
him illuminates many features of the,cheaper ftnd fQod W,H payin? cash and by taking their gro
situation as it affects present farmers founJ better a faore contentP, W5rk. ; ceries home wltH them, thus reducing
and those who intend to take up that " As the cogt of necessiti De,the cost of delivering,
class of work. . ti... . . I. "I most heartily aeTee with vou that
It follows:
i comes higher there must be a corres-'
! ponding lncreas s in wages.
, a public market is very much needed
"As compared with the older agrj.j The Federai food administmtlon ' and believe that th people should
cultusal regions, farming in this conn-1 1HS done a great deal of excellent work Immediately take steps to bring this'
ty Is relatively new and much of it;sii,v, -t; creation, our a short timo aDout- Wth this assured the farm
is still in the pioneer stage. As is'; .50. In reducing tie difference be-k618 wouId tnen naTe better basis for
true in all homesteading regions, theltwoen what the producers get and the elective organization for co-operative-farmers
usually have but small capi-1 consumers Day This row-ever has ,T supplying the people through the
tal on which to start and progress is I been with the main commodities which ; Public market.
slow, even though there be good na-jare handled in large amounts. There
tural advantages and good local mar- ts gtiii mUch to be done with locsl
kets. Many failures are usually en- products. For example: The farru-j
countered which discourage some.lerfr in the valley, 20 'o 30 mi'cs fro-n;
These failures are usually the result i BHbee. have been and are receiving
of lack of training and foresight j to-4 cents oer Dound f.-r sweet no-i
studying conditions, locating ln . tatoes, delivered to the retailors. These
proper places, etc., are Important con- game potatoes are sold for j 1-3 cents i
8ideration8 for success in new local-(Per pound
"Yours very truly.
"A. L. PASCHALL.
"County Agricultural Rnt.
MEXICAN WATCHED.
A number of High Bchool girls met
at the Y. W. C. A. Thursday afternoon
and organized a club, which they voted
to call the Girls' High School league.
The following officers were elected:
Margaret Jeffry, president; Ruth Pat
ton, vice president; Mary Salmon, sec
retary; treasurer, Orline Landrum.
After the business meeting the girls
played games, and otherwise enjoyed
themselves. The league voted to meet
twice a month at the Y. W. C. A.
J
The home nursing class, conducted
i by Mrs. Jason, is to hold its first
1 meeting Wednesday evening. Students
of the course who pass the required
examinations at the end of their work
j with Mrs. Jason, will be awarded a
certificate from the National Red
Cross. They will work at he Cop
iper Queen hospital.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
EL PASO. Texas, Nor. 2. Octavio
There are no transport a-; Pai. former personal representative
itleo. Also, it is not always the manitiin charges for the retailer and only of Emiliano Zapata, arrived hew to
wlfc has the most capital to spend one middleman the retailer. There day from San Antonio. 'He is being
no manes me Desi success; it is u a direct difference of at least 100 closely watched by government offi
more often the other way. Tho man ( per cent between what the producers ,cers, although he said tonight he wa
with capital Is not acquainted with , Ket and the consumers pay. Tor tuese here only on private business. He
local conditions and goes ajieud with 'potatoes are soon sold and ther is but predicted that the Carranxa govern
some plan which cannot bring suc-mtle waste and loss of weigb;. Thls ment would last but a short time be
cess. The man with small means nec- js not very encouraging to :tc pro-; cause of internal dissensions and that
essanly must go slow, and he learns ducers and not encouraging t the con-j Zapata would unite all of the revolu
conditions as he goes. Knengh has 8umers to use home-grown products j tionary forces in the north and south
been found out, however, anout farm-1 Which the food administration is od-'soon. He denied he had any connec-
tng in the agriculture localities, by vising vs to do. and which all c m
ihe successes and fa'lu.vs, to guide all men reasoning dictates tbat wo do.
v-ho "-111 eek the information. When .The farmers can make a fair profit
capital and foresight ore combined 0n potatoes at 3 to 4 cents per pound,
with energy., practice and good busi- but with another cent per pound more
tlon with the new reactionary move
ment led by Felix Dial.
All Traces of Scrofula
Eradicated from the System
The war Is costing the belligerent
naUons of the world at the rate of
ness methods, there we find success; tney wouj have that much more to ; $160,000,000 a day 6.5O0.0O an hour
and even when capital is lacking and spend in further clearing land and and the United States is paying at
we find the other principles we will otherwise developing their farms so least one-quarter of this sum.
after a while find success, and with . .
success of course will come the capi
tal. "There are farmers In the county
who are making good, are making good
labor Incomes; there are others who
are not, and smoetlmes these two ; T$y the CTeatest of all Dtirifiera.
classes are near neighbors, under the i a common mistake in the treat-
same conditions and without a stnrt-; ment of scrofula has been the use
inir or capital difference. There are of mercury and other mineral mix-
some excellent people who have et- lures, the effect of which is to bot
tled in regions where success is verr , "P. ,the. ""purities in the blood,
. , ,., ; and hide them from the surface,
hard to attain and even Impossible.: Jhe impurities and dangerl ,re
in Bnmo coses, im uioir ycij iiuuii-u ony adjed to in this way.
means. These settlements, are , of: For more than fifty years S. S. S.
course, not "permanent, for with fail-! has been the one recognized reliable
ure there will be removals. Much! Mood remedy that has been used,
with highly satisfactory results for
Scrofula. Being made of the roots
and herbs of the forest, it is guaran
teed purely vegetable, and absolutely
free from all mineral ingredients.
You can obtain S. S. S. from any
drugstore. Our chief medical adviser
is an expert on all blood disorders,
and will cheerfully give you full
advice "ii to the treatment of your
own case. Address Swift Specific
Co, Dept. F Atlanta, Ga.
1 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 4, 1917.
fl THEN Jie United States entered the war.
f the first question that every red-blooded
w
man asked himseJt was:
To railroad men this question carried a peculiar
appeal, as practically every man in the service.
from track walker to president, appreciated that in
war time tlic transportation facilities of a country
rank next in importance to its army and navy.
They did r.ol need the reminder of Marshal Joffre
that the br.ltle of the Marne was won by the rail
ways of France, to jolt them into a realization of
the responsibilities that the war h.-id thrust upon
them. Thrg Jtitcrr. And because they knew, just
exactly fire days after the declaration of war, rep
resentatives of 175 of the principal independent
railroad companies of the country nssernhled in
Washington and voted unanimously to " forget eom
petitiou" and co-ordinnte their activities for the
period of the war so chat the rnil.-oa.is f -this coun
try might be in a position to respond immediately
and as a unit to any demand mnd: upon them bj
President Wilson in the interest of America ani its
Allies.
To a fctr.'il committee of five men, rtprtx ti'.inp
the ablest brains in the - transportation field, the
railroads gave over their control. Xo'liing of the
kind had ever been done before by any indusiry in
this or any o.her country. It was the answer o;
the railroad men of America to the question I ha
each individual in the railroad army was asking
himself: "How can I best Jul my country?"
As resVilt of this answer, the railroads of itii
country are being operated today an a single sy
tern, working for and with the Government to gr
the last ounce of efficiency ont of their cquipme
o tha.t the abnormal transportation proMem whici
the war has produced may be solved without
jeopardizing the commercial life of the ua'cion.
Ownership Names Wiped Out.
Sitting constantly in Washington is the commit
tee of five men to whom the railrouds have en
trusted their control. This committee, which has
come to be known as the Railroads' War Hoard,
keeps, in eCect, before it a map of the United
States on which is a railroad system 2G.J.000 miie-.
in length with nil ownership ti.-iv.ies wipe! out. The
members of the War B'-rr: nr. .loader thi-ik in term
of the Southern' Paci.'ic. C. B. '& Q.. B. & O
Pennsylvania or "iy o.hcr rond. They si bcToii
tbtm only the i.i. i-.jiO. '.ation iiro)leins of the cntin
country, cn-i as hose f ojlcms arise, one niter II;
other, the s-ili'tio'i ir them is reached without th
question of ownc-iinp ' itr.:d;ng i'.self.
In the South. ""recently, for inslanre, thousand
of cart were urcjed t. haul lumber to thr c.ut;:i
cunts. The lines aperating in that territory hr. '.
everv car J'i;'y owned moving between the forest,
and the ciiuonincnU. and it was not enough. With .
out q "'ifcle or dispute the Railroads' War Board,
acting" viL'o'.igli its Commission on Car Service,
ordered r-ads op'ratir: in the North and Middle-
West i send en'-...gh "empties' into the Southern
territory to . rottct the lumber movement and as
sure tle rapid completion of the training camps in
which .!c!e Sam's citizen soldiers are being
trained for their duties abroad.
All in all. more than 125,(100 cars have bee
shifted from one line to another, irrespective of
ownership, during the past five months in order to
avert freight congestion and a slowing up of the
country'' transportation machine.
What such a slowing up would mean now is not
difficult to visualize. For in addition to keeping
the commercial life of this country ot high pitch,
.thousands of carloads of troops, munitions, food
and other supplies must be kept moving constantly
from seaboard to seaboard.
From now on, Great Britain, Trance and all
our other Allies will have to depend very largely
upon this country for their food, and for much of
tiie materiel needed for carrying on the war.
In addition, we must send ct least a million
men to the fighting lines within the next yea.
This means that millions of tons of food and sup
plies miif'. be sent out of this country and all of
this tonnage mnst ?e brought io the seaboards by
the railroads a
The effect . . a shortage of transportation even
in normal times can easily be appreciated. What
such a shortage would mean at the present time,
however, with the whole fate of both this country
and Kurope involved, staggers the imagination.
The railroad men, however, have not permitted
themselves to be terrified by the situation. Neither
have they deluded themselves with any false hopes
com-eruing the possibility of securing enough new
equipment to enable them to handle the additional
transportation that the war has produced, without
herculean efforts. They know that this new and
m-rclcd equipment is unavailable, not only because
it is impossible to turn out freight cars and locomo
tives over night, but because what new equipment
ca;i i- manufji-turnd is sorelv deeded bv the Allies.
As a r-Mil;. t!iT have taken
up
the
ki!v rea
solution that is practicable, which is to ma' the
THE.RE IS N0-WAVTE SPACE ON
Our Nation
f Neeps
f LOCOMOTIVES
t AS MUCH AS
SHRAPNEL
Load Ale Quickly
Load Pie to Capacity
Unload Ale Promptly
Help Win the War!
fullest possible use of the existing rolling stock.
"Make one car do the work of two" was the
s'ogin which the Itajlriads' War Board early
a-'opted, and not only the freight handlers and rail
i.ad men themselves, but the shipjers as well
r. llicd royally to it.
The Railroads' Slogan.
As a result, the so-called car shortage-, v uicli
amounted to 148,627 cars on May 1st of this year,
ias reduced to 31,591 cars on September 1st. An
ai ithmetical extension of such a decrease would
b gin to shew an actualvar surplus within the net
m-inth, lmt unfortunately, wars do not progress
a'ong arithmetical lines, and so in nil probability
the car shortage will soon begin to increase aain.
Fur the fall and winter arc always the seasons of
the heaviest traffic upon our railrouds, and to them
t!
o
is year is to be added the vast traffic necessities
our ever growinc military movements. More-
o er, in September a new feature annually shows
itself as consequential in the railroad traffic situa
tion. The food crops begin to move. These crop
movements ennnot be delayed. . They a:u-t have
bpth cars and the most expeditious movement. So.
to.-, must the raw material and the finLjtd prod
urts of our ammunition factories. 1'uel also must
move. And so in'ist the. troops.
Up to the present time, co-operation of a type
t' it was never thought possible on the part of both
r.llviv employees and the shipping and traveling
COAL CAkj in wartime..
,sr ?irf yIfc
feg The Freight Car-H Appeal BS '. " A
' yV '''V'S"",'""'''"','''"'V'' ' . w.wfiftiW! .vy!W ',' .. v :y - 'f ' '-..::-;:
pcblic has enabled the railroad . to handle not only
the troop movements but an increase of more than
25 per cent in freight traffic, with practical'y the
same facilities that they had in (normal times.
Co-operation from the emrrtoyees themselves has
teen 'particularly inspiring, 'track walking may not
appeal to many people as a patriotic sort of job, but
the track walkers in the railroad army have made it
one. By increased vigilance in watching out for
and repairing damages in . rails or ties condi
tions that might plunge a whole trainload of soldiers
to instruction or ruin thousands of dollars worth of
war supplies they havo done their bit. They have
also he'.oed to conserve the supply of live t-tock need
ed for food by this country an 1 the Allies by looping
all rii'ht of way fences in good repair so as to reduce
the amount of live stock that was killed by trains.
Litlie things, but they count. ,
IjUiying on the job and saving coal are the two
contributions that the locomotive engineers are mak
ing to their country in its present crisis. Railroad
labor has never been so scarce as it is today. The
craft hr. tr.ken many men arid th railroad regi
msnts which were created to jielp France w?re re
cruited from the templojees of the railroads of this
country.
Kr'v.vir.g these things, scores of engineers old
enough to retire are ytEjing on their jobs now, run
ning the r engines cronomieuliy in order to si ve coal
and keeping their heavy locomotives in condiuon 60
that tl.cv ir.ay be kept out of the repair ahoi) nd on
duly as lonx as possible.
The tircmen are doing their bit too, and in a
similar way. '
In the freight branch of the service, the freight
traffic men have set themselves to the ts.k lf eou
cnting the shipper up ta a war time appreciation of
the value cf co-operation. In all parts of the country
iliey ure ut work helping him lievise schemes for
double loads and for making the most economical use
of cars. They are also at work night ?nd day to
detect delays" to "shippers order notify conMgn
ments" consequent upon the non-arrival of hillj of
if.
; lit - -.--.v.-rs
41
Potatoes now loadd56,
to car , incie-acc of- ic
-UNO.
One of Amer'as Railway
Regiments bens
Reviewed in London
lading, are securing bonds under which cars can be
Eromptly released and are urging the handling of
il's of Jading through the fewest number of banks.
A clear understanding of the value of this kind of
-operation may be gleamed from this fact. Until
the war board began its campaign for the intensive
loading of freight cars the average load of a car was
only 4U per cent of it3 capacity. In a word, more
thsn 50 per cc.it of the car space ordered was not
utilized. Today, in response to the plea of the rail
roads, a great majority of the shippers are using
anywhere from 70 to ll)0 per cent of the capacity of
the cars. Some are even loading from 5 to 10 per
cent beyond the marked capacity.
One phase of war work which the railroads have
undertaken and which has caused criticism on the
part of the unthinking citizen has been the curtail
ment of unnecessary passenger service. It was not
without some misgivings that the Railroads' War
Board suggested this step to the roads, but it was a
necessity that had to be faced, for nothing is more
necessary at the moment to insure the safety of the
country and the proper conduct of the war than that
the railroads be able to handle the utmost possible
amount of freight.
Kvery passenger train eliminated releases loco
motives, train crews and track space that are sorely
needed for freight service. It means too an im
portant savin in fuel, so far more than a million
tons a year. These are facts, not theories. The rail
roads reduced their passenger service solely to in
crease the facilities for handling freight and to save
coal and for no other reason. The public must un
derstand this. It must understand too that every
ton of coal, every locomotive, every mile of track
space, every man whose duties are absorbed by an
unnecessary passenger train, furnishes aid and com
fort to the enemies of the United States by weaken
ing the most important branch cf our entire trans
portation system the moving of food, fuel and sup
lies. The Government and the railroads need more than
mere patience from the travelling public in solving
the transportation problem tmit.the war has occa
sioned. They need the active eo-operation of every
person who uses a railroad car either directly or in
directly; they need team work between the shipper,
the consignee and the railroad employee and also
the bank through which clearances are made; for
every day that a car can lie prevented from remain
ing idle anywhere is as valuable as putting a brand
new car into service for twenty-four hours. It is
rrrt
,V-.-
if i i -
Showing how lumber shippers
DOUBLING THE OuO TIME.
;i 'J
the idle cars that complicate the transportation
problem and the idle car must be eliminated.
To win the war and make the world saf .for
democracy, each and every one of the 2.600,000
freight cars in this country must be kept moving.
There are ships to be built to make up for the
U-boat destruction and to carry supplies to oar boys
in France and their allies. Cars are needed to carry
lumber to the shipyards and these cars must be kept
moving.
' Added to this abnormal business is the constant
daily transportation of food and munitions to our
seaports. Thousands of ears daily are require ! for
this and they too, must all be kept moving Time
is our enemy s strongest ally. Every minute saved
in the transportation of things essential to the win
ning of the war for democracy is of the utmost value.
The Railroads' War Boerd.
In creating their organisation for the wtr. the.
railroads had in mind primarily service for the Gov-'
ernment itself. As a realization of the importance
of continuing the domestic activities of the country
became apparent, however, the railroad presidents
of the country met in Washington on April 11th and
agreed during the war to forget eomoetitive activi
ties and "to co-ordinate their operations in a Conti
nental Railway System, merging during such period
all their individual aiid competitive activities in an
effort to produce the maximum of national trans
portation efficiency."
The War Board includes Mr. Howard Elliott, of
the N. Y. N. H. & H. R. R.; Mr. Hale Holden. of the
C. B. & Q. R. R.; Mr. Sonuel Rea, of the Pennsyl
vania R. R.; Mr. Julius Kraltxchnitt. of the Southern
Pacific Company, and Mi. Fairfax Harrion. of the
Southern Kaiiwsy Mr. Harrison is chairman. In
addition, Mr. Daniu! Willard, president of the B. & O.
R. R. and chairman of the Advisory Commission of
the Council of Nstionsl Defense, has accepted the
railroads' invitation to become a member ex-olik-io of
the War Board. Mr. E. E. Clark of the Interstate
Commerce Commission, is also an ex-omcio Kember.
The War Boards' Machinery.
The War Board is divided into departmental sub- '
committees who work with the military departments
of the Government, and also sub-committees on Car
Service, equipment standards, transportation, ac
counting, passenger tariffs, freight tariffs, purchases
and supplies and express transportation.
To keep close to local situations and to meet diffi
culties promptly, sub-committees Reporting to the
Commission on Car Service havi bea formed at
Chicago. New York, Atlanta, San Francisco, Seattle,
New Orleans and similar big business, renters twenty-seven
in all, who work c.oie:y with tr.e busnesa
men of each place. These committees are co-operating
with the shipping and travelling public as well
as with the military authorities. .
The Washington organization of the railroads ip
eludes twenty-seven experienced railroad officers, in
cluding the five executives on the War Board, all of
whom are there practically all the time. It alsr
includes trained experts of every pha of the work
confronting the railroads.
Although the plan of co-operation worked out in
this country is somewhat like that adopted in Eng
land, with respect to railway co-operation at the out
set of the war. the placing of the responsibility for
the successful conduct of railroad activities has been
accepted by the railroads of thi3 country, whereas
in England it has been -hifted to the Government.
There the Government assumed financial responsi
bility and guaranteed that the net earnings of the
companies would continue to be what they were be
fore the war. In this country, the Government as
sumes no such responsibility. The Government
merely advises the railroads w hat service it requires
and the responsibility is upon the railroad managers
to provide that service; when working to that end
the railroads are operated practically as one system.
Railway Regiments fur France. e
In their effort to give adequate support to the
Government in its conduct of the war against
Germany, the railroads have not conlined their
activities to the transportation problems in
this country, for the necessity of re
habilitating the French railways is a most im
portant military problem. France cannot spare the
men for the work. The United States must do it. To
provide the necessary man power, the railroads have
recruited nine regiments of railway men. These
regiments are composed of motive power men ex
perienced in maintaining and running engines, in
building tracks, buildings and bridges, in operating
trains, vards and stations, and who can help to main
tain, rebuild and operate khe railways in France.
Thoroughness has marked every step of the prepara
tion for the revitalizing of the French railways. It
was these railways that saved Democracy for th-.-world
by rushing up the munitions and equipment
that turned back the German title at the battle of
the Marne. What the French railway men did be
hind the lines in those stirring days will be repeated
by the railway regiments of America in whatever
battles must be fought, either abroad or at home be
fore Peace can be definitely assured.
'Hit:
are. "doing their bit " ev
LOAD OF A GONDOLA CAR THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 4, 1917.
a "V ft i k
o
It is only a matter of time and no
one can predict how much or how lit
tie time until the American house
wife will follow the example of the
'British, housewife, whose exodus out
" Hallowe'en GhostsT,Tt::T:L
The Hallowe en guest at the Y last
Tuesday evening on opening the door
nf the kitchen anrt intn tA u-m-lr-
shop and factory was made a vital!'" amazed to flnd that in8tead of
necessity by the war. I being in the customary lounge, she
Even now there is a movement of i was In a grotto of manzanita, where
preparation going on all over the 8at a witch beside a cauldron on a
country, in anticipation of the day j tripod, for all the world like that in
when the government will send out which the three witches cast the
Its S. O. S. call to the women of the charms when they foretold Mac-
nation to come forth and take up theibeth's future. It was all bo realistic
tasks laid down by their absent broth- j that the guest followed her first im
ers and husbands. pulse to retreat, but emboldened by
It is not going to be an easy matter, the sight of a group of the Lowell
or one that can be carried out without 1 boys in khaki who were coming up
failures and discouragement Those the steps, she gathered courage to
cf us who are foresigated enough will slip in behind them and into a rock
begin to prepare now. Many of us ing chair.
are now looking backward and saying! There were a great many people
to each ot-her. "Why couldn't we have . in the room, many of them in yama
foreseen a year, two years ago, thatiyama, Indian or clown costumes, and
we would be drawn into the whirlpool 1 all seemed to. be moving in one par
of war, and gotten our army, our . tlcular direction, entering a myste
airplanes and our ammunition ready? rfous door to the right of the coun-j
Ae should now be in a position to,ter. At last curiosity got the better
stop this awful cataclysm at once, and j 0f caution and our Hallowe'en guest
save thousands of our -allies from an-; got behind a jovial couple and followed
nihilation. What were we thinking them down a dark passage way whose
of : dimness did not seem to disturb them
Let it not be said of us a year fromone 0jt . ;
now that we did not foresee that the Finally they came ud short behind
nation was inevitably going to need OUD.of chattering people, who evi-i '.,.... .. -,.!,. , jm..
the women to keep the wheels of in-denUy were undecided as to whether! ce,'eSratad wUh a c08tume dance and
dustry turning. Let ns continue to tbey should move on or return whenCe w d d eveninr the Elks held a
dn oa.-h Aa ht nnr "hanH findath tn.. ... .j., ., ... ... I eanesaay evening me E,1K Hem
ny came lwo glr,8 mBae up lueir tn t attended.
; minds ana passea me guest Burrying
ing what we can toward the relief of,back up the passage, declaring that
the wounded in Europe, and making they weren-t afraid, only they had
CSI.7 nJt tb0URht of somethln they anted dance given for the fatherless children;
boys here at home; but let ns not I -.nftr, ,s. xhe Hallowe'en 7. n fc. 1
think that these things are going to;est was ettinff used to the E. E. Ellin wood. Miss Ger-
be all that is required of us. ian(1 ah, . Kft ,hat tne othe .7 ..... ' -
" . . 1 1 rude oueruiau, jniso nv.o .uu
ly left without ever knowing whether
the witch was going to promise to
go to see Charlie Chaplin with the
clown or not.
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Potter and Mr.
and Mrs. Kopf had a very pleasant i
automobile trip Sunday.
Among the Bisbee people who are
planning to go to Phoenix to attend
the state fair next week are Dr. and
Mrs. W. P. Sims and Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Philbrook and Mr. Lowell!
Philbrook. !
i
On Friday afternoons, of alternating j
weeks, a small reading club, composed '
of several members of the Woman's!
club, meets for serious study. Russia!
is the subject of the reading course at
present.'
Mr and Mrs. Arden L. Day are
spending tiie week-end with Mr. and I
Mrs. i Roger Pelton, as they are on J
their way to Los Angeles after a pleas-
ant visit in the east. Mrs. Day was!
Miss Ruth Powell. j
Hallowe'en parties and dances were!
i very much the vogue last week. Tues-
lime Ir or a Lirciui
8
ITS COMING
32 FORDS TO BISBEE THIS WEEK!!!
10 TO SELL-GRAB ONE MONDAY
.
Several Bisbee people went to Doug-1
las Thursday evening to attend the 1
Mrs W. H. Brophy entertained . appearmg through a small opening!
It hat led down apparently into the
depths of somewhere. The guest fol
lowed with every precaution, but not
worrying at all, because the happy
Mrs. P. H. Moore, chairman of the
current events committee, was in
charge of the literary program at the
regular meeting of the Woman's clut
Thursday afternoon with a bridge par
ty, the first of a chain cf card parties,
the proceeds of which are to go to
ward the permanent blind fund. Tea
was served at the close of the card
playing. Mrs. Brophy's guests were
Mesdames N. C. Bledsoe, E. E. Ellin-
p r ?J- F; n bv the flickering of a small blue flame.
Shine F E. Bennett E. C. Campbell., witchg myBtery
Miss AmU Angius, Miss Regan. Mrs. I ,,.,, . nnt t n
IBI.U Bivwuunfc ...
what one would look for in a Y. M.
C. A. in a dry state at that.
A very large Indian in tartan plaid
j , , .t, . Hint tllA fli-l 7 . . , , ,!, ,.,.
bridse the foUowing Thursday. The!'a7u V"" , n L, Ur,,' Jecl 01 nom
eight will finish the series by enter-j recti,on 40 nd ment of the club work being -to .charge
tainin fnnr ThA rhr U SO mntj ul"B u...u - 0I wrg. rarribu. tumiiuau
apiece, and is contributed to the re-
Frankenburg and Mrs. Howard Ster
ling. Each of these ladies is to en-1
tertain twelve guests - next Thursday j
and they in turn will ask eight to play i
couple who still preceded her werejwnicn toolc piace Friday afternoon
having such a good time. E&ch of the 17 members who were
Then she came out Into a large dim pre89nt gpoke briefly of some current
event, and an interesting talk and dis
cussion followed. Mrs. L. L. Gilman
and Mrs. Durley were hostesses.
The Twentieth Century club met as
usual Tuesday afternoon, and enjoyed j
a discussion on the very pertinent sub-
The car adapted to Bisbee
streets.
The car, adapted to Arizona
roads.
The car you can easily un
derstand. The car yovt can promptly
gets parts for.
The car for which every
buyer is a booster.
PROMPT DELIVERIES AT LAST
The car that costs you least.
The car that serves you best.
The car yeur wife can drive.
The car your children cart'
steer.
The car that does not break
you.
The car that does not go
broke.
Touring Cars $429.05 Roadsters $413.65
HOOD
LEDSOE
The
class
....
young ladies' Sunday Bch.004
of tba Methodist
wav. and the lonesome guest followed,. mitt. lt wag voted to adopt a little
lief fund for the soldiers of the allies I 'ripping orr . rrencn orphan--
hnhw. ru.ron.ihiin tn .m a corner she discovered a weira followed the business meeting.
the war n lllumina'in a peculiarly llvy
' skeleton. The interesting couple did
m,o rwKo. 90 ii,,.i not seem to notice it; in fact, they
pils of Loretto Academy gave their .n.iHPPered into another dark passage. ! church wlll a GeuTocether;Social
I m a !1 1 mI f that nlalnlVi . iL. V. ....Vi h 1. rlfl u V
nual Hallowe'en masked party. , At i iraying 'a"l l,"" - iB ue panor. pi me
evening, jNovemDer m, u.ju
A good musical pi'Jgram wiil he ren-
The lonesome Haljowe'ener linger
ed fascinated betore tne -aaiser.
, thn hurried like the white rabbit in
Alice in Wonderland" to catch up.
Sneaking safely past ye rewxtious
and chrysanthemums enlivened the Indian, sne numea up a ..
scene. Uncle Sam's naval cadets. cir-IT buret suddenly into a large!
cus clowns and Sambo mingled with room crowded with folks; By craning
.h. kt. t foi. ,t.o.iher neck and standing on tiptoe, sne
. a' n.J- finally able to see what it was all Cain. A short business sess.on was
prizes lor costumes were awarded to about- nii was tnat a oarity m a
Misses Blanche Campbell , and Dolly yellow hat and a more or less yellow
Coles. Hallowe'en games and dancing swallowtail coat was staging a song
were the order of the evening. Re- about Uncle Sam. She would have
freshmenU were served by the young been more interested In "Uncle Sara
ladies of the High school in cafeteria if a thrilling conversation that sound-
tvle ed like one of Laura Jean Lib by s
Phone 686 Bisbee
Authorized Agents
Phone 171 Douglas
J
... .w.v.j Viot hofl takpn lhat trin
seven-thirty the strains of the orches-""'"" ' '
tra unnnnnrpi) Iib nneninir nf th i Deiore ana niwi i
grand march and into the hall filed
Hallowe'en witch and goblin, peasant
maids from Switzerland and sunny
Italy; the flowers, too, were well rep
resented, poppies, sweet peas, daisies
iIpi-aH. as well as various forms ci
amusement for people of all a?f s. Ev
eryone cordially invited and a good
time is assured. Free refresh men
will be served. Don't forget the date.
On Tuesday evening the Misses Av
ery and Cain entertained the members
of the Anona club at iae home of Miss
twilight chats had not been
going
witch
of
xii-o c v china i-vm ia . rh.rra : nn iut behind her between a
ot the work which is being done lo-'and a clown.
.iw fnr r.i;.vinir h nniitinii nf ! The euest enloyed said coaversa
the war-blinded soldiers of our allies. I tion through an entire program
has received some beautiful little pins
to be sold for the benefit of the re-!
lief fund. They represent the flags
of the allies, and were designed byj
M. Mignolet, Belgian consul to Den-j
ver. These pins are extremely artistic j
as well as patriotic, and may be ob-i
tained from Mrs. Shine. j
Mrs. Thomas R. Blair, secretary of
the Arizona Children's Home associa
tion at Tucson, is In receipt of a check !
from Mrs. Henry Poppen, represent-!
ing the twenty dollars earned by the
Adawana Camptire girls, at a
and flower sale, given on October20th.
Mrs. Blair expresses sincere apprecia
tion of this work in behalf of the 30
little ones who live at the Home.
v
The Presbyterian Woman's league
will meet on Wednesday afiernoon at
2:30 at the home of Mrs. E. E. Ellin
w'ood on Clawson Hill, all members
are urged to lie pres-uf.
held at which the club do :'.ded to give
a dance on the 23rd cf November, the
benefit to go to the Bisbee chapter o
th Red Cross. A very ck-lici)U3
luncheon was served t'J the following.
Madame Truax, the Jiisse Carettos,
Warren Wade, Kennedys, Clothier,
stumner. Core. Braziel. The next
meeting will be at the Y. W. C. A.
Every member is urged to b present
at this meeting, Tuesday, November
13, at 8:30.
the frock distinction without making
it conspicuous. A great deal ot
thought and intricate hand stitching
may go into the making of wool or
silk embroidery with a design picked
Episcopal I out in bright beads, or tinsel em-
I broidery or passementerie . may be
used instead. Soutache, braid may
be applied in various ways, and it is
also combined with beadwork. A se
vere tailored effect is enhanced by
trimming with military braid or sim
ply by parallel rows of machine-stitching.
A charming model shows a plain,
closefitting jacket waist fastened down
the front with a row of little buttons
set close together. It has tha close,
straight sleeves, a small round col-,
lar, and is worn with a little silk tie.
The straight, pleated skirt is stitched
under the plain lower edge of the.
jacket-waist without a belt, but a sash
stitched across the back is tied loose
ly in front. The trimming is a large:
square of embroidery applied to .the 1 slightly to a
wide front panel of the skirt just
above the hem.
J.B. 1
I ANGIUS
How thankful we should be for the) to belt, pocket or to the front of the
wonderful autumn weather we enjoyj of materjlil dppends
here in our southern mountains; if j largely on whether the frock is to
for no other reason than for its cf-, Kerve for morning and street wear, or
feet on the clothes we wear. Pretty to be worn to the afternoon tea or
weather and pretty clothes go hanaj card party. In the first instance serge
1 ns,'ni h most noDular. as well
candy i in hand. Bright sunshine brings out; ;abardine and the soft twiIl8. Kor
our loveliest frocks, and dull, rainy, the emuon gown there is a wide
days result in the wearing of shape-' range of perfectly lovely materials,
less raincoats and last year's hats, j such as jesse cloth of wool or silk.
1 j .1.. t,in Duvetyn and broadcloth are too heavy
So, as 1 remarked in the beginning,1
' for an entire dress, but may be com-
we have one reason to be ll" ,,ined t0 the best advanuge with crepe,
these days when there is so much to ,.hiffon and crepe de chine. Satin,
be sad about it we allow ourselves to charmeuse. poplin and crepe meteor
remember-because of the cri-sp air! ""I be used alone or in combinations
and warm, sparkling sunshine. ' "d are manufactured in large pla.ds
One of the chief advantages of tiie.u" w
one-piece dress is that while it serves
admirably i'or warmth these lovely
days, later when really rold weather
arrives, it will also have a useful
Colors simply cannot be described.
They must be seen to be truly appre
ciated. The blues alone come in a
variety of tints, such as navy, mid-
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
i
J
office to perform when it is wornjtilght. horizon, Chinese and peacocK.
under the all-tnveloping coat, and if' Other popular colors are btige dust
the proof of the pudding is in the land smid, olive drab, black, dull reds
eatins. surely a proof of the universal : on Burgundy, claret and mulberry
i popularity of the one-piece frocks is I tones, brown, dark or bottle green and
I the fart that many Bisbee women arejeray.
wearing them. I Favorite combinations as seen in
1 This being the case. It is also veryiKliop and street are dark blue with
'evident that the woman who does her! mulberry, scarlet, dull silver' or gold.
(own dressmaking has reason for French blue, terra cotta, green or
thankfulness in the extreme sinipit- purple, dark red with blaek," dark blue
city of the present mode. A study of 1 or self color. On beige and sand color
;the Parisian models reveals that the , nothing is so pretty as dark blue'or
mure simple a dress, the more trul.red. Cray is effective with navy blue.
chic it is. True tvi '- in the horizon blue or any tint of red.
I clioi.'e of material, of color or coii- TrinimiiiK is used sparingly, but
trasting colors, of line and of an ln-very effectively, and one strives for
.dividual touch of trUuniiug, applied that little original touch thut gives
in cut than those of last year. Belts; beautiful and satisfactory than one of best with patent kidskin vamps and
are being used a great deal. Some- ( these blouses. The finest filet and , buckskin or cloth tops, gray being a
times tbey are cut in one, with the some very good imitations may be ob- popular color. A new tan Russia ca'.f
back or under-arm sections and of-1 tained and combined with Georgette Oxford with military heel and wing
ten are separate from the coat One j and handkerchief linen.
of the favorite belts is long and nar
row, being tied loosely in front, leav
ing long sash ends.
The most distinctive autumn fea-
1 '
j The tailor-made women may prefei
handkerchief linen to crepe as lt has
I such a crisp, clean appearance.
One blouse showed the touch of
tores are the vest etrect and tne pep-. coior tnat many women desire. It
lum. To carry out the slender sil-! was a pajn shirt-waist model with
houettte one attractive suit shows, a narrow yoke in front. The fronts
the side sections of the peplum cut j are ornamented with rows of hand
in one width of the back. The pep-feather stitching in heavy blue silk
lum is slightly circular falling In folds ' thread alternating with double 'rows
below the waist line. The sleeves ' of henmtitchinz
tip Is now being worn with spats which
still retain- their popularity. These
are oftenest seen in champagne, pearl
and white, although they are made in
a variety of colors and many either
match the suit or gloves.
are much closer fitting and sometimes ed jn blue Georgette at the collar and
Seen in the Shop.
At prevent, knitting needles may be
ornamental as well as useful, one pair
being of amber, others with round
The color is repeat-1 enameled tops of different colors an J
show the flaring bell cuff.
The severe man-tailored coats are
usually bound in silk braid, while the
more formal suits have collars and
cuffs of fur.
With the exception of being much
narrower, skirt are showing little
change.
belt or a
t
They are. as a rule, gathered j
shallow yoke 1
: and hang perfectly straight. One mod
el snows a yoke and belt in one piece
cuffs and again In the blue composi
tion buttons which fasten the blousd
Square and sailor collars are as pop
ular as ever, usually edged with a
frill or lace, but the convertible col
lars are the very latest and may be
worn either buttoned snugly to the
chin or open. Cufts are close fitting,
wider than formerly and for the most
part turned back and trimmed to cor-
Another frock has the popular jacket ! buttoning with one large button at; 0ne of the Ust items to be consid
which does not meet in front, but but-4 the side front. The belt is narrow ,n a woman.g wardrobe, but no-
toned with tinv buttons on either side across ine Daca ana irooi wun me
skirt sections gathered to it. Then!
Ul A UtUCL VUl OUUB.C .1 LUC II TTt. IV, ,
and with the severity relieved by silk j at tho "Ip line il suddenly curves
embroidery. A collar likewise come j downward and up again at the back,
only to the edge of the panel and ia,K'vinS the appearance of simulated
cut square, carrying out the straight i pockets over hips. The applied pock
line of the square neck. The jacket jets are not used so much now. .
falls heinw fhe hinit in a full aVirten : The new fabrics are soft In texture
effect, and the corners on each side i and of dark colors. The colors most J
ot the panel front of the pleated skirt; ln evidence for street wear are taupe,,
are adorned with embroidery similar; blue-Gray, brown and certain shades!
to that at the neck. It is held in atf tan. An orange tan is one of the
the waist bv a wide cirdle of contrast-1 most popular of tans, while a new'
ing material. shade of copper or rust color protn-j
One model has the waist cut in a
deep v" which comes clear to the
belt, and discloses a lovely little em
broidered vest. The collar is cut with
long points that come almost to the
belt, and is trimmed with a border
of applique, as are the deep cuffs. A
wide girdle of satin ribbon is held at
the left side with a metal buckle and
a-days far from the least, is that of
to match the gay cretonne bags.
A new square meshed feil with
round chenille dots comes in blut
black, beige and white.
i shoes. The military influence is very
strong in street boots. Dark tan Rus
sian calf predominates and the lower
military heel, for which many will be
secretly thankful. Dress shoes still
show the Cuban Louis heel and are: stripes is an attractive combination.
Kor small girls: A tub frock of blue
or maize devonshire cloth with col
lars and cufts of white pique edge!
with plaiting of white lawn and belted
with patent leather. A dark velvet
hat of the mushroom shape and high,
soft crown which are much worn this
season. It has a loop bow of the same
velvet at the side and the fine seem
ot crown are corded with velvet.
riaids are coming back into favor,
especially for the separate tailored
skirt. Dark blue with moss-green
"Results aire Better"
ie iu ue very smart. j
Wool velours and duvetyn are the :
first choice in materials and there !
soft gloveskin finish used for tail
ored suits. Broadcloth, of course, is
always a favorite and always in good
taste.
Blousesc should match the skirts in
color so that when the coat is re-
MJTCHELL
Mitrhtll Motor nd Scirkt Co., Scaitfc
"results are better and coot of operation
considerably lower while using Zero-lene."
has long ends finished with silken
tassels ' moved the blouse and the skirt will
A pretty effect is produced in a dres resemble a one-piece dress. Georgette
that has the waist and skirt cut sen-, crepe and crepe de chine still hold
arately, but joined without a belt, audi the chief place among the materials)
with a wide panel front accentuated for blouses. They wear exceedingly
by a row of little buttons that extend ; well, considering the delicate texture
from a few inches, above the waist
line to a few inches below, on each
side of the panel front.
With the beginning of cool weather
two-piece suits are coming very much
into evidence. The long separate coat
and the light colors are easily laund
ered. Oae good blouse shown In navy
brown or black, was of taffeta with
Georgette crepe in front and bounl
arm-holes with a surplice front. The
- :
z. . .n
BUICK
J. D. Lupp S WTinrmtm
"have found ZeroUnc to be a satisf-Klmy
lubricant for Buick automobiles."
DODGE
H. O. Hurtton Ox, Sun Fnnrnce
"gives perfect satisfaction.
MAXWELL
Cu1ct Lee, OakU-vl
"Zwolena has given us perfect
and one piece dress are even more j only ornaments were two rows of but-1
popular than last season, but on many I tons and loops giving a double-breast- j
occasions the tailored street suit is I ed effect. One row followed the line;
more convenient and practical. ! of the surplice, while the other row
Paris has sent forth the decree that; was directly opposite to it. giving the!
skirts are to be narrower and coats . effec t of an inverted V. Double col-i
longer. Coats average about 37 in-' lar and cuffs of white batiste edg:d
dies in length from the collar, wn- with vl lat e and hemstitching com-j
ter back, to the bottom edge and pleted the blouse.
skirts are 3 or 37 inches long beloj A great many of the delicate hand- J
the waist line, for the woman of or-j made blouses are being made now in;
dinary height and measure from one (this country by French and Belgian
and one-half to two and one half yards, women. These can easily be made at 1
at the lower edge. : home by the clever women wiih time J
The newer coats are more elaborate j to spare and certainly, nothing Is morej
OLEWE
The Standard Oil for Motor Cars
Endorsed by Leading Car Distributor
because the records of their service de
part merits show that Zerolene, correct,
ly refined from California asphak-baaa
crude, give perfect lubrication less
wear, more power, least carbon deposit.
Dealers everywhere and at our service stations,
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
(California)
For trmflon, Ztrolrnt Heary-Duty
is tspccuilly rrtommcndtiL THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER S, 1917.
SIX
r
I HI-
rr
i .L B
nnev in an
ON
WATCHES, DIAMONDS, JEWELRY
OR WHAT HAVE YOU 7
Special Sale Unredeemed Watches and Diamonds.
17 Jewel Elgin or Waltham Watches, 20 year gold cases, (Jq iyc
$20.00 and $30.00 values : P7. I O
30 days free trial and If not a good timekeeper your money refunded.
United Loan and Jewelry Go.
(BRANCH OF 16 CALIFORNIA STORES)
Brewery Gulch, across from Union theater.
Mining and Financial News
V fltVlEW 1-EAtXD WIRE
definitely stemmed more or less nn-j
prehension will no (loiibl continue In
lie experienced. j
I.OCAN' & I:HYAN.
LEGAL NOTICES
LEGAL NOTICES
NEW YORK FINANCIAL.
! NEW YORK. Nov. 3. Furtbar sell
'ing of rails, including several well
known issues until recently regarded
as leaders in the investment division,
'undermined to-day's stock market.
New declines were made by St. Paul
'common and preferred, the former
i falling 24 points to 42 and the pre
ferred 5 to 79. Low records for the
current period and a much longer time
jwere made by Union . Pacific, Southern
j Pacific and Northern Pacific, coalers
also approaching lowest levels.
' Among specialties' pressure was
jmost marked against motor shares.
1 1 nino was neaviesi oi i" roppi.
OATMAN
Atchison 86 I (By Collins ft Brethertonl
Baldwin ." 55 V4 Bid
Beth B 78; Adams 02
(. and O 46 i Arizona Rex
C. F. and 1 33 ' Aril-Tom R 04
Canadian Pacific 1-15 ' Gold Ore 23
Central Leather 65:Gold Reed
Crucible MVilGo& Cliff
Distillers 35 j Lucky Boy 02.
"ttiSunnyside 02
Goodrich 37
General Motors 86
Telluride
Tom Reed
... ..... .oV
Industrial Alcohol 113 ; United Eastern 3.62
Marine 27 United Northern .. ...... .03
Marine Pfd 99 United Western 02
Maxwell 25 Rfid Lion
Midvale 42
yielding a point, and United States Mexican Petroleum .v 78
'I Steel showed an extreme decline of.N. Y. C . 68.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best or everythine at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co, Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
WITH THE RIGHT .
KIND OF LUMBER
any job can be done more quick
,ly and economically. If you have
a closet or a bookcase in mind
come see us. We want to sell
yoa the lumber, of course. But
we'll sell you only the kind our
experience tells us is right and
we won't try to sell you too
much" of it. Then you'll come
again.
Bisbee Lumber Company, inc
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE 25.
mm
. OF FIRE BURNING
OR BURGLARS
Stealing your private papers and valuables when you
shut the home for the summer.
There's Absolute Safety for both when protected
by our modern vaults -
Private safes rent for $500 and up yearly.
Think this over then see.
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street.
Will E. McKee, President
Bisbee, Arizona.
C. A. McDonald, Cashier.
THEFmST
To build a house you must lay the first
brick.
To build a fortune you must save the first
dollar. v
x Have YOU started "building" a bank
account yet?
Lay the foundation for your future
success.
. Begin building your Savings Account
today. BANK WITH US.
T
EYE NERVE GLASSES
Study and much re
search work since
1892, is the cause of
my successful practice
in Bisbee. Dr. R.
Glaze, Neutrologlat,'
Room L Maze Bldg., Phone, Office
156, Residence, Black 420.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS I
CATARRH
OF TI.E
BLADDER
EsSnii !a
24 Hours
Btmor cfeottnterfnim
a point, after having gained as much,
j Marine preferred lost its 3-point ad
vance in the final half hour. Variable
! gains in American Sugar, Industrial
j Alcohol and Mexican Petroleum were
effaced at the weak close. Sales, 350,
000 Bhares.
The weekly bank statement was
j again an index to the enormous shift
i ing of moneys connected with the
flotation of the second Liberty loan.
Actual loans and discounts increased
by $181,000,000, and excess reserves
increased by $55,400,000, as compared
with last week's loss of $211,000,000.
. Bonds were increasingly weak. Lib.
erty 4's were steady at par, the 3's
selling at 99.72 to 99.76. Total bond
sales, par value, aggregated $2,150,000.
United States 2's and 4's advanced
'per cent on call during the week.
Northern Pacific 88
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Nov. 3. Ideal weather
for curing the new "crop .made corn
prices today average lower, despite
week-end evening up." The close was
unsettled. December $1.15, May $1.10
to $1,101, and the market as a whole
ranging from c decline to o ad
vance, as compared with 24 hours be
fore. -Oats finished unchanged to c
down. Provisions showed losses of 7
to 60c net.
Rural offerings of corn to arrive
broadened considerably and handlers
Reading
Rubber
Rep Steel
Studebaker
Steel
Steel Pfd
St. Paul
Southern Pacific 81
Sinclair Oil 30
Texas Oil 137
Union Pacific ......a.. 114
U. S. M 45
Westinghouse 39
66
54
72
36
K
112
42
BOSTON
Adventure 1
Allouez 53
Alaska 3
Allouez Commercial 8',J
American Zinc 12
C. and A 63
C. and H...
Chief Range
Chino
East Butte . .
Granby ... .
Green Can ..
Goldfield ...
Hancock ...
Indiana ... .
Inspiration .
Kennecott . .
Keweenaw . .
Lake
La Salle . ..
440
44
39
9
67
37
40
9
9
41
29
1
5
2
looked for material enlargement of Miami 27
receipts by the middle of next wee. Mohawk 62
Assertions that in some places the Mayflower 2
muddiness of roads would Interfere Nevada 17
with hauling tended to curb aggress- North Butte 12
ive selling and to bring about profit-. Nip 7
taking in the last half of the session. Old Dominion 35
ustwia ton
Pond Creek 16
More resistance to pressure was dis
played by oats than by corn.
Provisions underwent a sharp set
back owing to the weakness of hogs
and corn. On the break, packers be
came buyers and rallied the market
to a moderate extent. The latest an-
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden .2.00
Green Monster 56
Uutte London 10
Dundee 69.
Venture ... 10
Pitts-Jerome 37
Jerome Verde 94
Ark-Arizona 05
Jerome Portland 40
Ins-Needles 06
Hull Copper ..30
Magma Chief 31
Wolv-Arizona 1.50
Miami Mother Lode .. ..
Verde Com'. 62
Miami Con 04.
Hisbee Copper . .
Butte Arizona 03
Santa Cruz Bisbee
Jerome Daisy .
Nacozari
Verde Apex 13
Calumet and Jerome ....1.50
Feather River Gold
Ask
.03
.25
.25
.05
.15
.03
.03
.10
3.87
.05
.03
.25
2.06
.68
.12
.75
.13
.62
1.00
.10
.13
"I
.43:
1.75
.50
.69
.08!
.25
.27
.50
.42
.15
1.62
.25
Quincy 66
Ray Con 21
Shattuck 19'
Superior Boston 3 i
Shannon
5
'nouncement of government plans for St. Mary's 55
stabilizing the ratio of corn and hog
'prices was made public after the pro
vision market had closed.
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NEW YORK. Nov. 3. The week's
severe shrinkage of market values not
only forced quotations on investment
Utah Copper
75
GOLD PROPERTIES
ATTRACTING NOTICE
IN YAVAPAI COUNTY
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Nov. 3. Inquir
ies coming to mining authorities in
this center indicate that while cop
per and silver are foremost in public
attention, those are not lacking who
look ahead and who still believe that
the prime time to buy things is dur
ing periods in which attractiveness to
the general public is at lowest ebb.
Such explanation is at least advanced
for much increased interest lately
shown in gold properties.
During the present week" three en
gineers, one representing coast inter
ests and two associated with eastern
mining organizations, were in this city
Utah Con... ......... ... 11
Winona 2
CURBS
Arkansas and Arizona E
Austin
Arizona Silver King
Issues to new low levels of the year, j Big Ledge 1
but substituted many new minimums nuiu? ana Lonaon iv
for those registered in the panic of j Calumet and Jerome 1
1907. Calumet and Jerome ivj
Cornelia 14
Con Arizona 1
Curtlss '. 26
Denn 18
j. Unsettlement or investment conn
;dence found its clearest expression in
' persistent liquidation of shares cora
'. prising the socalled Harriman and
Hill groups of railroads. St. Paul also
established lowest price since their
advent as dividend bearers and Read
line represented the weak coalers.
I The depreciation mainly was ascrib
!ed to government tax requirements.
Growing realization of this situation
contributed largely to the depression
of industrials, notably United States
Steel, which was at its worst after
publication of the report for the third
quarter.
The demoralized market of the mid
week was made more vulnerable by
the setback to the Italian armies and
the more discouraging advices from
Russia. These developments coincid
ed with a new low discount for ex
change on Rome and a new minimum
for the Russian external bonds in the
open market.
CLEARING HOUSE CONDITION
NEW YORK, Nov. 3. The actual
condition of clearing house banks and
trust companies for the week shows
that they hold $110,930,610 reserve in
excess of legal requirements. This is
an increase of $55,376,940 from last
week.
COTTON MARKET
NEW YORK. Nov. 3. The cotton
market today closed steady at a net
advance of 1 point on January, but 12
to 29 points net lower on other deliveries.
NEW
'88.
METAL MARKETS
YORK, Nov. 3 Bar
silver.
NEW YORK
Closing Quotations November 3, 1917
(By L. J. Overlock)
Anacondr. 56
American Can 37
American Car 62
American Locomotive 50
American Smelter 76
American Suirar 98
Dundee
Emma :
Federal Oil
Gadsden ."
G. Island
Green Monster ....
Howe Sound
Hull Copper
Hecla .v:
Inspiration Needles
Jerome Verde ... .
in connection with investigating of
Yapavai county gold properties. Fol
lowing this work all three will go to
Oatman to familiarize themselves with
that big gold district and the splendid
results that have been attained
through the new reduction plant cf
tliA TTnltAt ITflatepn ttnil with ViAur
j ' equipment and development of Tom
Reed. One of the engineers- is as
signed to an inspection of the Secret
Pass country, where there has recent
ly been much revival of interest, part
ly because of much extension of ore
' resources of the Frisco Gold mines
company and its installation of a large
.amount of new mining and milling
I equipment to handle its greater avail
able tonnage , the development of
; which has shown a great deal of value
as Indicating extent through a con-
1 Riderable mineralized zone of the Fris-
2
2
18 ' co pay formation. Another of the en-
glneers has assignments to Gold Road
jand other gold districts of Mohave
. county. All of which tends to the
impression that it may not be Ion;
until gold mines are again eagerly
sought, instead of more or less side-
Jerome Victor 4 I stepped, as has been the case during
Jerome Portland . the last few months. Markelwise peo-
Magma Copper .. . 35 . I pie are not averse to the inference
Magma Chief ... . that somebody understands that the
Miami Con 4 big call upon metal producers from
Magnate the .government will be for increased
Pitts Jerome gold output to take care of the credit
Ray Here 3 I of the United States and its allies, a
Santa Rita function that silver can only partly
Tom Reed 34
United Eastern 2
Verde Ex i 32
Verde Com &
Wol. Arizona 1
West End 70
White Caps 90
Wright Martin . . . 7
NEW YORK. Not. 3. For a while
prices were firmer, but as the session
progressed a renewal of liquidation
exerted a. depressing influence. The
greatest amount of selling appeared
to be in the rail department. It is
the general belief tha the carriers
will be accorded some relief in he
shane of hither rates later on. but
take care of.
United States Steel Corporation took
an additional $15,000,000 worth of Lib
erty bonds.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UN4TED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3277. Serial No.
03612a United States Land Office,
Phoenix, Arizona, August 31, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Alfred
Paul, whose post toffice address Is
Douglas, Arizona, has made applica-
meanwhile liquidation persist, for the " , jl"". .,.,"!
reason that many holders of rails who .. . mi-i t-, r w
. , j i , j i Warren Mining District, Cochise
also possessed industrials have found i rminf. Arf,orm-
the declines in the latter so drastic
that it seems it has become necessary
on the part of many to reduce hold
ings of transportation lines. The Eu-
"Don Miguel
Beginning at Corner Nto. 1, the
Southeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30. Town
ropean political news seems to be j gnlp 23 South, Range 25 East O. & S.
somewhat more favorable, but even so R, B. A M. bears South 85 36' East
the conditions on the other side from 4941.1 feet; thence North 69 39' West
a military standpoint are very discon 1500 feet along lines 1-6 and 1-3 Sur
certing, and until the advance of the vey No. 2244, South Side and Gold Hill
central powers on the Italian frost is lodes, respectively, to Corner M. 2.
the Southwest Corner; thence Nortl j
32 25' Ea.-t 4S7.50 feet to Corner No.j
A; thence South 68 46' East 664.30;
feet along line 3-2 'and 4-5 Survey No. I
1781 Cave lode and Survey No. 2214 I
Gold Hill lode, respectively to Corner
No. 4; thence North 43 52' East
163.20 feet along lines 2-1 and -6 of
Survey No. 1781, Cave lode and Sur
vey N o. 2244, Gold Hill lode, respec
tively, to Corner No. 5; thence South
69 38' 30" East 654.30 feet along
lines 3-2 and 6-1 Survey Nt. 1953 Bryen
lode and Survey No. 2244 Gold Hill
lode, respectively, to Corner No. I, the
Northeast Corner; thence South 4
49' East 236.40 feet to Corner No. 7;
thence South "2 25' West 391.20 feet
to Corner No. 1, the plaec tf the be
ginning containing a total area ct
17.917 acres. The presumed course of
the vein on this claim is from the
West end center South 69 39' East
1500 feet.
"Don Miguel No. 1"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the
Northeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30, Town
ship 23 South, Range 25 East G. ft S.
R. B. ft M. bears south 85 37' Cast
4935.1 feet: thence south 32. 2V
West 584 feet to Corner No. 2. the
Southeast Corner; thence North 69
62' West 886 feet to Corner No. 3.
identical with Corner No. 3 Survey No.
2244 South Side lode; thence North
48 52; West 614.60 reet along lines 3-4
and 1-5. Survey No. 2244. Sbuth Side
and. Survey No. 2188, Worren lodes,
respectively, to Corner No. 4, the
Southwest Corner; thence North 32
25' East 364.40 reet to Corner No. 5,
the Northwest Corner; thence South
69 39' East 150640 feet to Corner
No. 1, the place of beginning; contain
ing a total area of 18.277 acres. Ex
pressly excluding area In conflict
with Survey No. 1917, Bangor Lode of
0.123 acres. The presumed course of
the vein on this claim is from the East
end center North 68 26' West 1499.1
fet
"Don Miguel NO. 2."
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the
Northeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30. Town
ship 23 South. Range 25 East G. ft S.
R. B. ft M. bears South 84 21' 30"
East 4235 feet; thence South 32 23'
West 974.10 feet to Corner No. 2, the
Southeast Corner; thence Nbrth 59
48' West 58L40 feet to Corner No. 8.
the Southwest Corner; thence North
32 25' East 974..10 feet to Corner No.
4. the Northwest Corner; thence
South 59 48' East 581.40 feet to Cor
ner No. 1, the place tf b-glnnlng; con
taining a total area of 12.992 acrea
Expressly excluding .area In conflict
with Don Mtgnel No. 1 lode of this sur
vey, of 0.084 acres, and Survey No.
2019 Little Mary lode of 2.527 acres,
and Don Miruel No. 4 lode of this sur
vey of 0.866 acree. The presumed
course of the vein on this claim is
from the North end center South 32
25' West 974.1 feet
"Don Miguel No. 3
Beglnning at Corner No. 1, the
Southeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 3D. Town
ship 23 South. Ranee 25 East G. ft S
R. B. ft M. bears South 82 16' East
4606.1 feet: thence Ntorth 59 48' West
176.80 feet to Corner No. 2, the South
west Corner: thence North 4 49
West 906.80 feet to Corner No. 3. the
Northwest Corner; thence South 59
48' East 176.80 feet to Corner No. 4.
the Northeast Corner;; thence South
4 49' East 906.80 feet to Corner No.
1, the place of beginning; containing
a total area of 3.914 acres. Expressly
excluding area in conflict with Survey
fNo. 1953 Bryen lode exclusive of lt
conflict with Survey No. 2244 Bisbs
Quen No. 2 lode Of 1.403 acres. The
presumed course of the vein on this
claim is from the North end center
South 4 49' East 906.8 feet
"Don Miguel No. 4."
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the
Northeast Corner, whsnce the West
quarter Corner of Section 30, Town
ship 23 South. Range 25 East G. ft S.
R. B. ft M. bears North 75 35' East
3334.5 feet: thence South 51 17'
West 631.60 feet to Corner No. 2. the
Southeast Corner; thence North 63
22' West 1018.20 feet along line 2-3.
Survey No. 2244. Bisbee Queen lode to
Corner NO. 3: thence North 48 56'
West 447 feet to Corner No. 4. the
Southwest Corner; thence North 61
17' East 500 feet to Corner No. 5, the
Northwest Corner; thence South 56
55' East 1500 feet to Corner No. X.
the place of beginning; containing
total area of 18.913 acres, expressly ex
cluding area In conflict with Survey
No. 2172 Lena lode of 0.043 acrea The
presumed course of the vein on this
claim is from the East end center
North 66 55' West 1500 feet
"Don Miguel No. 6."
Beginning at Corner No. 1. ths
Southeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30, Town
ship 23 South .Range 25 East O. ft S.
R. B. ft M. bears North 70 23' East
3844.8 feet: thence North 87 11' West
148.90 feet to Corner No. 2. the South
west Corner: thence North 60 13'
West 16.50 feet along lines 1-6 and 2 S
Surrey No. 2186 Marquette No. 1 lode
and Survey No. 2244 Bisbee Queen No.
3 lode respectively, to Corner No. 3;
thence North 48 56' West 1001.00 feet
along lines 6-5 and 3-4. Survey No.
2186, Marquette 1 lode and Survey No.
2244, Bisbee Queen No. 3 lode respec
tively, to Corner No. 4, the Northwest
Corner: thence South 87 11' East
127.10 feet to Corner No. 5. the North
east Comer: thence South 48 56"
East 915.30 feet along line 5-6 Surrey
No. 2244 Bisbee Cueen No. 3 lode tn
Comer No. 6: thence South 56 55
East 120.10 fet along line 6-1 Survey
No. 2244 Bisbee Quen No. 3 lode to
Comer No. 1. the place of beginning:
containing, a total area of 1.849 acres,
expressly excluding area In connict
with Don Miguel No. 4 Of this survey
of 0.827 acres. The presumed coarse
of the vein on this claim Is from the
South end center North 48 56' West
1013.1 feet
The locations notices of said claims
are recorded In the office of the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise County. Ari
zona, as follows:
"Don Miguel," Book 54 Record of
Mines, page 402;
"Don Miguel NO. 1. Book 54 Rec-.
ord of Mines, page 403;
"Don Miguel No 2," Book 54, Record
of Mines, page 404;
-Don Miguel No. 3." Book 54. Rec
ord of Mines, page 405:
"Don Miguel NO. 4." Book 64. Rec
ord of Mines, page 406; '
"Don Miguel No. 5.- Book 54, Rec
ord of Mines, page 407;
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the north the "Cave," "Bel
tie Mary and "Mascot" lodes; on
the South, "Edith, "Lena," "Marquette
1," "COra," "Bangor." "Buffalo." "Cir
cus" and "Warren" lodes; on the East
"Little Elsie.' "Little Mary" and
"Ocatea" lodes; op the West 'Xast
Chance" lode.
J. L. ntVTN. Register. .:
First Publication, Sept 23 1917
Last Publication. November 30. 1917.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey Nc. 3278, Serial No.
036118, United States Land Office.
Phoenix, Arizena, August 31, 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Alfred
Paul, whose post office addrses la
Douglas. Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the following nam
ed lode mining claim, situate In the
Warren Mining District COchlse
County, Arizona: .
"Don Miguel No. 6"
Beginning at Corner No. L. the
Northeast Corner, whence toe South
west Corner of Section 30, Township
23 South. Range 25 East. G. S. R. B.
ft M. bears South 64 04' East 841.8
feet: thence South 61 17 West 600
feet to COraer No. 2. the Southeast
Comer; thence North 58 56 West
1500 feet to Comer No. 8. the South
west Comer: thnce North 61" 17'
East 600 feet to Comer No. 4 the
Northwest Comer; thence South 58
56' East 1500 feet to Comer NO. 1, the
place of beginning: containing a total
area of 19.388 acres. The presumed
course of the vein en this claim la
from the Fast and center North 58
56' West 1500 feet . :
The location notice of said claim Is
recorded in the office Of the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
"Don Miguel No. 6" Book 54. Record
of Mines, page 408; i.j. .
The names of the adjoining claims
re: On the NOrth. the "Gold Hill
Mine" lode: on the South "Rattle
Dazzle" lode: on the East "Piedmont"
lode: on the West "Ocatea" and "Mas
cot" lodes. , .
X L. TRVTV. Register..
First Pub. Sept 6. 1917.
Last Pub. Nov. 10. 1917.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3279.. Serial No.
046119. United States Land Office,
Phoenix. Arizona, August 31, 1917. '
Notice Is hereby given that Alfred.
Paul, whose postofflce address Is
Douglas, Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the following named
lode mining claim, situate la the War
ren Mining District Cochise County,
Arizona:
"Don Miguel No. 7"
'Beeinnlng at COraer No. 1 the South
eat Corner, wheaea the Corner to 84
Hons 25 and 36. Township 23 South.
Range 24 East and Sections 30 and 31.
Township 23 South. Range 25 East G.
ft S. R. B. ft M. bears South 77 12
West 443.9 feet: thence North 76 05
West 807.80 feet along line 1-2 Surrey
No. 1958 Puzzle lode to Comer NO, X
the Southwest Comer: thence North
4 43 30" West 599.30 feet along lines
1-6 and 2-3 of surrey No. 1958 Pied
mont and Puzzle lodes, respectively
to Comer No. 3: thence North 58 52
West 385.80 feet to Comer No. 4;
thence South 76 41' East 341.20 feet
along line 4-5. Surrey No. 1958 Puzzle
lode to Comer No. 5; thence South 76
05' East 403.90 feet along line 5-4 Sur
rey NO. 1958. Puzzle lode to Comer No.
6 the Northeast Comer: thence SOnth
28 20 East 926.3C feet to Comer No.
1 the place of beginning; containing
a total arear of 10.079 acrea The pre
sumed course of the rein on this claim
is from the North end center South
28 20' 926.3 feet x
The location notice of said claim to
recorded In the office of the County
Recorder of Cochise County. Arizona,
as follows:
"Don Miguel No. 7" Book 54 RecOrt
of Mines page 40f. .
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the North "Best of All" lode:
on the South, "Bisbee Queen" lode; on
on the East "Arizona" and "Mont
Carlo" lodes; on the West "Piedmont"
lode.
J. L. IRYTN, Register.
First Pub. Sept 2. 1917.
Last Pub. Nor. 10. 191T.
Shoe
top
WeFii'Em
WHILE
Walt
BestWorkmanship
Best Material
Lowest Prices
Allen
lock
BACK OF
Y.V.C.A. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 4, 1917.
Seven
Review Want Ads
AdYertlsenients under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. Advertisements must reach Th
Review office not later than 8 p. m. for Insertion in the next morning paper
Mait Help Wanted
LEARN actual auic repairing; book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing, Y. M. C. A, Los Angeles. Cat
alog free.
HELP WANTED Applications tor
"Review" routes asked for from
WIDE AWAKE bors between 13 and
16 years old. I26
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Waitress at Stag club. 301
WANTED Five bright capable ladies
" to travel, demonstrate and sell deal
ers. $25 to $50 per week. Railroad
fare paid. Goodrich Drug Company,
Department 131, Omaha, Neb. 345
Wanted
WANTED Typewriting to do at home
of evenings. Box 1370, Bisbee Ar
izona. 760
WANTED Telegraphers, stenograph
ers," bookkeepers; students earn
board, room tuition. Mackay Busi
ness College, Los Angeles. 789
WANTED To rent a 3 or 4 loom furn
ished or unfurnished house by No
vember 20. Address C care Review.
266
WANTED Roomers and boarders,
Polgay house, 153 Temby avenue.
.. . 262
WANTED RoOm and board in private
family, by man of good habits. O. W.
care Review. ' 276
WANTED Room and board in a priv
ate family by young man, $30 a
month. Address W. F. G. care Re
view! 300
WANTED Roomers and borders, 151
Opera Drive. Private family. 342
WANTED Roomers and boarders in
private home, t Inquire School Hill
Grocery. 354
WANTED $100 to $300 at 12 per cent
interest, security 3 times loan. Box
1397. , 352
WANTED 3 nicely furnished light
housekeeping rooms. Phone Black
743. . 314
WANTED 5 room unfurnished mod
ern house. C. K. W. Review. 316
t
WANTED TO RENT 4 or 5 room furn
ished house with modern conveni
ences. No children. References
exchanged. . Box D. D. Lowell. . 293
Positions Wanted,
EXPERIENCED, competent stenog
rapher deBires position in Bisbee.
Best 'of references. Address G. S.
care Review. 186
WANTED Position by young man, 6
years' experience as bookkeeper and
Office man. Rest or references. Ad
dress, P. O. Box 965. 313
Foj SaJe
FOR SALE Four room modern house
and lot. Cash or payments. Tomb
stone Canyon, near Lincoln school.
Box 1084. 176
FOR SALE Twelve stool lunch coun
ter. A money maker. Owner must
seek lower altitude. - Inquire at
striped tent Lowell. . 701
FOR SALE Large tract South Alaba
ma in solid body; good supply fine
spring water, oa very reasonable
terms. For particulars address H.
H. Wefel, Jr., owner. Mobile, Ala.
M. C. HIGH
ALLEN BLOCK
Real Estate and Insurance
Now is the time to buy
See me for Bargains.
Agent for reliable Insur
ance Companies.
i-ict VAUP nrfln.rttf uiith ma
- j ' r r J w
f ETEY DINK BUT THE SWEATER JUST FITTED FETEY !
- 11 1 : : : " -
VE-tEM DEAR.. TOST AMTED To N v . .,,. "'tJI77T ( - wtt.Ncu ") X'T. 1
: , 'v ( Vvease cone . f Mea m,s ea kMTSA TAke Tiowm ( ' "Thamk
! V F?R The. 12eo cr?ois . '"TheMorhiwc? C OVerTqThb '
'''' ' ' ""
For Sale.
FOR SALE Rooming bouse. Good lo
cation. P. D. care Review.
177
FOR SALE 4 room furnished house,!
67A a K. street. Phone Black 685. j vun Doara' lasue rim. su
61jFOR RENT Sleeping room, suitable
FOR SALE--2 room house at Cochise
Mine, Dubacher Canyan. Cheap to
party buying quick. Water handy.
$100. Bargain. Enquire at house.
.272
FOR SALE or rent, furniture of four ;
rooms and kitchenette. Second
house alA)ve Brooks apartments. 302 i
FOR SALE L. C. Smith Typewriter.
Latest model, visible, tabular attach
ment. Practically new. Thos. Henry,
Phone 710. 360 !
FOR SADE School Hill grocery doing I
good business.
Phone 825, P. O.
Box 11.
355
FOR SALE Two three-quarter beds,
complete, $5 each. Behind lumber
yard. Brewery ave. 358
FOR SALE 7 dairy cows cheap. Half
mile south Don Luis. Terms, C. E.
Davis. '. 341
FOR SALE Gentlemen's gold watch,
17 jewel Hamilton, cost $45, sell for
$20. Also rubber boots, size 9, $3.
Box 1366. - 304 ;
FRESH. RIPE TOMATOES, for can-;
ning, 5c per pound, at my ranch near .
Naco. Will deliver if quantity is :
ordered. Chase L. Purdy.
300 j
FOR SALE 20 tons of native hay m j
O. K. condition at Driscoll ranch on
county road, 3 miles east Hereford, i
3111
Salesmen
SALESMEN $6 commission per order '
and repeats. Best premium assort-!
-, . , . I
small towns and cross road stores.
Grove Mfg. Co., 2562 Cottage Grove.
Chicago. 1 305
Money To Loan.
$50,000 to loan on improved city prop
erty or for building, on easy terms
of payment. T. A. Hughes, over;
Bank of Bisbee. , 697 j
SMALL quick loans on your personal !
note to salaried men and women, al-)
So on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building.
166)
I
Agents
AGENTS--The Bradley Gas Saver for
Fords. The best seller on the mar- j
ket Can be demonstrated in 5 min-1
utes. Big commission. The Co-Op-1
erative Sales Co.. 947 Georgia st, Los
. 1 nnr J
33C
$ 125 WEEKLY. Something new. Sav
es up to 50 per cent of gasoline
Nearly every auto owner will bay.
Greatest seller on earth.- Sold pn
money back guarantee. Particulars
- free. Stransky Mfg. Co., Pukwana. j
South Dakota. 31C !
LOST
LOST One 32 calibre Savage auto
matic pistol between Bisbee and the!
Louisiana-Arizona Copper Mines. Re
turn to R. A. Clampitt at Post oince
find receive reward. 116 !
LOST Pair of gray trousers, between
Treu's meat market, Lowell and Up
per Lowell. Return to Lowell Hab-1
erdashers, and receive reward. 302 !
LOST Lady's purse containing money j
and postofflce key, between post of-1
fice and Lowell. Return to Review I
and receive reward. 350 !
For Rent
FOR RENT 4 room house and furni
ture for sale. Brophy car stop, 216
Tombstone canyon. 243
FOR RENT 4 room house and furni
ture for sale. No. 11 Upper Lowell.
Call Monday morning. 318
FOR RENT 4 I'oomed house,' com
pletely furnished. $25. Apply to P. :
M. Horn, 87 Youngblood Hill. 3,r:i i
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Furnisned room, $6 per
month. Doyle House. bOb
GOLDEN HOTEL Outside windows
and running water in all rooms.
Rates reasonable, by the day, week
Or month. 5SS
MOOS2 HOTEL Furnished rooms
$2.00 per week and up. 405
iii.iw KOom ior two genuemen.
for one or two men, 49 O. K. street
992
FOR RENT Furnished rooms for
ba'.chelors or light housekeeping, 56
Upper Lowell. Reasonable. 185
F0RRENT Two furnished houses
witn garages. Pnone 487. c. A. Dou.
nar(j 244
FOR RENT Three unfurnished rooms
Bath, screen porch and gas. Apply
Bell's Red House, upper Tombstone
Canyon, end of car line. 269
F0R REmT Front room near Y. M. C
A., apply Millers Shirt and Hat shop.
292
FOR RENT 2 housekeeping rooms.
No children, 4 Laundry Hill. 275
FOR RENT 2 rooms furnished for
housekeeping, 176 Naco road, Hol
brook stop. 24
FOR RENT Batching rooms, furnish
. ed. 14 Tate Hill, Johnson Addition.
34b
FOR RENT Sunny
furnished room
with plain board if wanted, with pri
vate family, 174 Temby ave. 343
FOR RENT Large front room ; apply
to Mrs. Whalen, Quality HI1L 349
FOR RENT Two housekeeping rooms
$16, behind lumber yard, Brewery
avenue. "Ludfords." 357
batching, under new management, 61
Welch avenue, 1st house back ol
Brewery Gulch, Lumber yard. 309
crt orvr o TTi . . .
FOR RENT 2 nicely furnished house-
keeping ro'Jms for young couple. Ap
ply 110 School Hill. 317
FOR RENT Nicely furnished front
room with private bath; kitchenettt
If preferred, in Warren. Phone Black
743. ' 3i
FOR RENT 2 picely furnished rooms
for housekeeping, cheap. 143 A Du
bacher Canyon. Second house from
street " 312
Miscellaneous
EXPERT paper hanger and painter, t
J. Brandt Phone 456. Box 150. 57:
DIES Bring material, learn to cu
and make your own fail suits anc
gowns. Thorough Instructions giv
en 'by Miss Grant room 4 Maze
Building.
VR dn onornl .,
" r . ... uvu.. v.. vd n 1 II , suiun
ing, plumbing, repairing furniture
stoves and painting. Phone 742, Gim
enes. Reasonable pr'ces. 5:
FOR ECZEMA and skin irritation, ust
Carl's-Cure Ointment An excellent
remedy for sore feet The" first ap
plication will remove that territk
itching. For full particulars, address
Carl's-Cure, Box 1023, Bisbee. 331
Business Opportunities
1 CAN SHOW f lean money-making op
portunity. invest $10 or mor.-. Ri
liable -new company. Send pesta'
for full particulars. J. A. Wright
Established 20 years. 601 Exrhangt
bldg., Denver, Colo. 30.
IF YOU ANSWER this ad I wi'.l tell
you free about what I thiuk is on
of the best money making oppo.-tuui
ties in the country. Box C. L., care
Review. so?
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
VIOLIN and Steel Guitar. If you wish
lessons on the above or any other in
struments leave your name and ad
dress at dox office. Central Theatre
Lowell, Phone 771. Raymond Martini,
leader Central Theatre Orchetstra
706
PAT CLEARY, painter. Membe
Builders' Exchange. Box 1495. 34'
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING WESL'LTA
FLOUR SALES IN
EUROPE HANDLED
BY GOVERNMENT
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK, Nov. 3. The milling
division of the United States food ad
ministration announced here tonight
that effective immediately all direct
trading by American millers, exporters
and blenders of flour with European
countries is prohibited. This business
will be handled hereaiter only by the
food administration.
The new regulations were made, it
was stated '"to effect proper control
and to centralize the handling of ex
perts of flour to European neutrals,"
and in order to "protect the interest
of consumers who have necessarily
had to pay arelatively high price for
flour purchased in very small pa -It-ages.
Packages Regulated.
It also was announced that effective
December 1, all flour millers Operating
under agreement with the federal food
administration "will not be permitted
to sell flour in packages of o.her tfcao.
one-eighth, one-quarter and one-haH
barrel or larger and from aJnuary 1,
1918, no miller will be permitted u
iliip flour in packages other than tlmi
described."
Another reason given lOr the ordei
was "to insure such quantities of flour
moving to those countries as may be
necessary to meet the maximum of de
termined requirement.' All sale and
shipments in the future to European
neutrals, it was stated, will he handler
exclusively through the I' mi adminis
tration. Handled B yGovernment.
"Sales will be made by the milling
division," the statement added, "fai
account of the food administration
grain corporation, through which all
business will be handled. Th flow
will be delivered in plain sacks with
identifying marks but without any mill
brand appearing on packages Orders
for flour from European neutral coun
iries will be apportioned among Amer
ican millers."
AGE LIMIT REDUCED
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK. Nov. 3. The minimum
ge limit for enlistments in the United
States marine corps has been lowere'"
from 19 to 17 years, it was announce"
here today. Prime physical condition
and the consent of parents of youthf
under 21 are essential for enlistment
Short Production
of Copper
(Continued From Page One)
be moving considerable more rock In a
?hort time.
Copper Queen production in the
months of October was nearly ninety
per cent of that of some of ;he bannei
months. Over 7,000,000 poands of cop
per going to the smelter from the local
nines of the company. In addition to
this the ores of several leasers werei
handled.
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
Jerome
and
Oatman
Stocks
JACK BUILDING
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, October
13, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Freder
ick J. Murell of Hereford, Arizona,
who, on September 1, 1910, made Here
ford, Arizona, No. 012016, for NW1-4,
section 28, township 23S., range. 22E.,
G. & S. R. B. & Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make five year
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before J. D. Taylor,
II. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona
on the 23rd day of November, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Edward Wilcox, John C. Calhoun,
William A. White, Chas. A. Martin,
All of McNeaL Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
Irst Publication October 17, 1917.
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING.
The annual meeting of the stock
nolders of th) El Paso & Southwestern
Railroad Company, for the electron ol
directors to serve for the enpuing year,
xnd for the transaction of such other
business as may be properly brought
jetore the meeting, will be held at the
office of the company In Bisbee, Co
chise county, Arizona, on Monday, No
vember 12. 1917. at 12 o'clock noon.
GEORGE NOTMAN.
Secretary.
012016.
Adv 737
NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
In the superior court in the county of
Cochise, state of Arizona:
Estate Of Mary A. Engasser, deceas
ed. Notice is hereby give by the un
dersigned, administrator of the estate
ot Mary A. Engasser, deceased, to the
creditors of and all persons having
claims against the said deceased, to ex
hibit them, with the necessary vouch
srs within four months after the first
publication of this notice to the said
administrator at the law offices of Sam
H. Kyle Bisbee, Arizona, the same be
ing the place for the transaction of the
business of said estate, in said county
of Cochise.
" PHILLIP ENGASSER,
Administrator of the estate of Mary A.
Engasser, deceased.
Dated Bisbee. Arizona this 13 th day
f October, 1917.
Mrst Publication,, October 21, 1917.
Adv-912.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
!n the superior court 'n the county ol
Cochise, state of Arizona:
Estate of Archie Dozoys, deceased
Notice is hereby given by the under
dgned, executor of the last will anc
:es:ament of Archie Dozoys, deceased
.0 the creditors of and all persons hav
ing claims against the said deceased
'.o exhibit -them; with the necessar;
ouchers within four months after th
Brst publication of this notice to thi
aid executor at the law offices of J. D
Taylor, Bisbee, Arizona, the same be
ing the place for the transaction of th
business of said estate, in said count
of Cochise.
WILLIAM 1. WILLIAMS.
Executor of the last will and testamen
of Archie Dozoys.
' Dated Bisbee, Arizona, this 13 th da
of October, 1917.
First Publication, October 21. 1917.
025782025876
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. Ian
office at Phoenix. Arizona, Octobe
27, 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Ira I
Loomis of Buena, Arizona, who on Set
tember 25, 1914, made homestead entr
No. 025782, for wl-2 ne 1-4, sel-4 nwl-4
nwl-4 se 1-4, sec. 27: on October 1"
1 1914. H. E. 025867 for el-2 neI-4, nel
1 sel-4, sw 1-4 sel-4. sec 27, township 21
; range 21-e, meridian, has filed notice 0
1 intention to make three year piOof, t
j establish claim to thel andabove de
: scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S
' commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, 01
' the 4th. day of December, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses '.
Wm. A. Morris, of Buena, Arizona,
Frank B. Moson of Lewis Springs
Arizona.
Cassius R. KnOIes, of Buena, Ariz.
Paul H. Knoles of Buena, Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN.
Register
First Publication, Ooctober 30, 1917.
Advertisement-20
Standard Oil Company announces ad
vauce of 10 points in refined petroleun
for export.
Lodge
BIS3EE LODGE. NO. 71&
leets every Friday night. Moose HalL
Islting brotbera cordially invited.
V. R. TONKIN, Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary-
UNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS
Meets in MeJigoici
Hall, second and fourtl
Tuesdays each month
Visiting brothers w
come.
F. D. LANE, Councillor.
f L. BENTON. Recording Secretary
-OVAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 21a
Meets la L O
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY
at 7:30 p. m
Visiting broth
era cordiallj
Invited to at
tend.
iRO. SLEEMAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Box. 426. Bisbee.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie. No. 175. F. O. E, meet
inrs and third MONDAYS. 8. p. m.
'aglea Hall. Visiters cordially wel
ome.
ICHARD DAVIS. President
C. L. EDMONSON, Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias j
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
RANK BRCNING, C. a
J. P. KRIGBAUM, K. of R. S.
LEGAL NOTICES.
021399-O26606
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
epartment of the Interior, U. a. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, October
6, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Casimir
.. Williams of Ft. Huachuca, Arizona,
. ho, on February 24, 1913, made borne
tead entry, No. 021399, for Nl-2, NEI-4
il-t NWl-4, Sec. 34 and Add! H. E
26606, for Sl-2 SE1-4, Sl-2 SW1-4. Sec.
, township 22S, range 21E, G. & S. R.
.. & meridian, has filed notice of Intea-;
.on to make three year probf, to ea-
abllsh claim to the land above de-
cribed, before J. D. Taylor, U. S. Com-'
aissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the ,
1st t.ay of November 1917. i
Claimant names as witnesses:
Chester A. Nelson, William A. Lytle.
arl Carlson, Gerrit Whltefoot, all off
ereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
rst Publication, October 16, 1917
ast Publication, November 20, 1917.
024529.
NOTICE- FOR PUBLICATION.
epartmentbf the Interior, U. S. Land)
Office at Phoenix, Arizona,' October!
6, 1917. ,
Notice -is hereby given that Julius ,
I llaase, ot Hereford, Arizona, who,;
a March 4, 1911, made homestead en
17 No. 024529 for SE1-4 Section 19,
'ownship "2ZS. Range 22 G. & S. R.
I. & Meridian) has filed notice of in-
ention to make three year proof, to es-,
ablish claim to the land
above de-1
cribed. before J. D. Taylor. U. S. Com-J
jiFsioner. at Bisbee, Arizona, on the
Claimant names as witnesses: ;
Herman Haase, Samuel C. Giles.
slie Wilcox. Frank C Cobbe, all of
lereford. Arizona.
J. L, IRVIN,
Register,
'irst Publication. October 16, 1917
Last Publication, November 21. 1917.
Notices
WEEK ENDING. NOV. 10. 1917.
Monday.
Tnesday '
Wednesday
Thursday 2d Deg. Chap.
Friday
Saturday.
N. C BLEDSOE. W U
a T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. A A U .
A M. COLWELL. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. I.Lll
J E. FRY. E C.
F S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chaptes
and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council
t. r. b.
RATERNAL
BROTHER MOOt
rtlsbee Lodge No
452 meets the 1m
and 3rd Monday
of each month at
7:30 at Medlgc
vlch HalL Visit
ing members cordially invited.
PHIL. DAVIS. President
HR& C. EL FLNOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 836, Red.
BLATHER 1NE SALHQLM, Secretary.
LOOSE NO. 671.
Regular meetinc flrat nil thtni t-s
; day of each month. Visiting brother
cordially Invited to attend.
R E WARNER. Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY. Secretary.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple, No. SjneeU every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows' Halt Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
ANNA HART. M. E. C.
JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. C
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets in Medigovich Hall 2nd and
Ith Fridays of each month.
HATTUS A. LUKE. Guardian.
PAULINE F. BROWN, Clerk.
P. O. Box 2L .
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECUR
ITY, 8ISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115
Meets every Second and Fourth Sat
urdays in the month at L O. O. F.
hall. 7:30 p. m. Visiting member ara
cordially invited.
j ARNOLD SCHMID- President, P. O
Box 3483. Lowell. Ariz.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary, Lowell
E. LLNDQUIST.
Financial Secretary. P. O. Box 324S.
Lowell,'
, ,
BISBEE LODGE. No. 10, U O. O. F.
Meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows K!l.
Main street at 7:06 p. m VlaiOig
brothers cordially invited to a'teno.
rial) phone lis.
GEO. MUNSEY. N. G.
C. D. KIHBY. Secretary
Improved order red men
Meets first and tnirr
rhursdaya at 7:30 p m
tn Medigovich HalL Alt
visiting Re Mo lav
to atteno.
OKI-BRIDGE. Sacbem.
W D. COHEN, Medicine M
C. FENDERSON. C. of R.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERIC
Bisbe Camp No. 1341b
Meets first Tuesday al
Odd Fellows Hall.
R. L MOTZ, ConsnL
H r MJTHEWSON
Clerk.
OBOER OF EASTERN STAR.
meits in Masonic Ha!'
Pearl Chapter, No. , meets
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of eac
month at 7:30 p. m.
?' a V- Xl-.W i,Zl
BEVAN, Sec"y. P.
,299 Cn ,r an Reliet 0,, pn0ne 16L
WOODMEN OF THE WOLD.
Lxwell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wecesdar
at 7:30. Brophy HaU.
H. C. LANDAU. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk
Wnodmen tn-tted
BvC A. VOinvry
J ''Ltii In) A
11 EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 4, 1917.
- t -
"Remember the Boys
XV -Vs -V'ir
'Over There'"
Don t forget that Christmas Gifts for the boys
over there" will have to be sent soon if they are
to reach their destination on time. Buy them early !
Clever New Arrivals
In Millinery
" r M,
Mi '
The dashing distinction of our new display of milli
nery is a delight to all women interested in what is
new in hats. Your early inspection is cordially in
vited. Of much interest are the mid-winter Gage
hats, which are among the latest arrivals, some very
clever conceits in gold and silver lace hats are
shown.
Stunning New Sailors That are so much in de
mand. Priced at $4, $5 and $6
Velvet Auto Caps With fur cloth bands, in colors
of navy, green and black. Priced at ; $4.95
Children's Dresses for
School Wear
No garments created so far this season for the
"grown ups" are more fashionable looking or bet
ter made. They are in numbers of splendid styles
suitable for wear to school every day. Materials are
of serge, novelty plaids, stripes and checks. Better
than these cannot be secured at this price.
Priced at $1.95
Beautiful New Blouses
In connection with our women's section we an
nounce the arrivals of many more new styles which
are bound to please women of every taste. The
high collar jabot effect is a special feature, and the
best of all, each model is priced very moderately.
Misses' and Children's Sweaters All wool knit
sweaters for misses and children in shades of red,
rose, Copenhagen blue, gold, white and many com
binations. Price range from $1.95 to $4.50
The Vogue In Furs
Fashion features furs prominently in a striking se
lection of styles for this season. We therefore are
showing a most varied and complete assortment of
the latest fashions in beautiful fur sets and single
pieces, allowing women to choose according to their
individual taste and yet be in the vanguard of style.
Your attention is particularly called to the fol
lowing: Tibribit White Furs at $19.50 to $25.
Red Fox Fur Sets at $25 to $100.
Kit Coney Furs in Taupe at $1 2 to $25
many
ft
A 1
rnvais m M
1 ! hat Is New
For Women's and Misses' Autumn and Winter Wear
ALWAYS SOMETHIN'G NEW The natural inclination of the human being is to be constantly on the lookout
for "something new." The scientist, for-new scientific developments; the explorer, for unknown and hitherto .
unseen lands the pleasure seeker, for new amusements; the child, for new toys.
The average woman is constantly seeking, among other things, new styles in apparel and dress accessories
and this store affords ample opportunities for the discovery of new things. ,f
Anr af-wL-e xA'Viirk mnlr rmr riinlv rrvnstanflv mtrctJnc lt.
to visitors to this store.
t ii i i ii
New Arrivals in
Misses' Smart Coats
For misses and small women we have just re
ceived a shipment of winter coats, in sizes 1 3,
1 5 and 1 7, in dressy zebelines, wool velour3.
mixtures, freize, etc., many have large fur col
lars and cuffs, while others are adorned with
bands of kirami cloth. Price range from
$13.50 to $3500
Ail Women Will Admire
The New Coats
Great assortments are here, in styles and ma
terials to meet every need, in dressy broad
cloths, bolivias and pompom cloths for street
wear; mixtures, tweeds and plaids for travel
ing, the new cylinder cloth and velour de nord.
No matter what your choice may be, you are
sure to find in this collection just the model to
please you at a simple little price.
v Women's Suit Special
Many of the new, smart modes are shown in this
line, beautifully tailored of buerilla, wool poplin,
French serge and gaberdine, fur and bands of mole
kirami and wide military braids constitute the trim
mings. Pekin, taupe, leather, seal brown, dark
brown, navy and black are the colors shown ; plait
ed, flare and straight line models are represented.
Especially priced at
$25.00 and $27.50
Women's Dress Special
Your fall and
around your dresses,
winter wardrobe should be built
So it behooves you to select
them with more than the usual care, and to make
sure that they show some of these trifling, yet tre
mendously important, touches that denote them as
out of the common place. Lovely satin and Georg
ette combinations, taffeta and tailored serges, with
satin and broadcloth collars, at especially reduced
prices.
Priced at $17.50
6 A i ID
S o. vi hi X vi -A
i.
i
-A
i y i
Rich and Lustrous Are the Pretty New Silks
These silks have but one purpose to be cut up into pretty wearables. Light and dark shades,
And please remember that the great variety of silks that we display are most moderate in price
because of early ordering
New Showing in Crepe de Chin
We have on display a splendid line
of crepe de chine in good weight,
very suitable for evening and street
wear. A large range of the most
wanted shades to select from, ma
rine blue, taupe, seal, prune, mid
night blue, burgundy, goblin, wild ;grc-c!S-
rose, tan, maize, reseda, sky, wis- "" -L
teria, lilac, Nile and black, full 40 Xf,
inches wide, at, the yard $1.75
The New Crepe Taffeta One of
the season's most popular silk, a
rich crepe finish fabric, very soft
finely woven. Shown in the
YTid new street and evening shades as
triv " . Wj' Copenhagen, wild rose, taupe, su-
Xjf'SS tC' ver gray laoraaor Diue, rescue,
marine blue, delft, grape, mid
night blue, myrtle, flesh, cornflow
er, canary, sky, chartreuses, apri
cot, pink! maize, lilac and cham
pagne; 40-inch width, yard.. ..$2.50
mi m
ttU 1 LI
m mm
i : i i i i wi i ,-i i ii
l
V
Few Fall Cloakings
A complete showing in heavy cloakings in new
diagonal zebaline cloth, in plain and plaid effects.
Just the thing for the top coat; shown in the
following colors, myrtle, burgundy, maduro.
brown, gray and green plaids and other st3'lish
mixtures, 58-in. wide, the yard....$3 and. 3.50
Knit Woolen' Jackets
Knit woolen jackets and shawls. Jackets with or
without sleeves in many good color combinations.
Get one of these for house wear this winter.
Fancy Stripe Suitings
AjSpecial lot of new stripe suiting3 just received,
plain color ground with pretty satin stripe effects,
very suitable for separate skirts and frocks. Color
combinations are black and white, brown and
gold and wine with colored stripes; 36-inch
width, at, the yard 65c
Fiannel.Serge Middies
Flannel and serge middies in Norfolk belted mod
els and some in slipover sailor styles, in navy,
green and cardinal. Priced at : $4.95
Hoosier Cabinets Fit Every Size Kitchen
Able authorities rate the Hoosier Kitchen Cabinet as the greatest household convenience in the
world. Please don't class it as kitchen furniture, nor merely as extra shelf space. The Hoosier is
scientifically planned it has 40 work-reducing features. It has places for 400 articles, all within
arm's reach.. Come in and sit in front of the Hoosier now and see how its many labor-saving
features will help you. $1 down and $1 a week brings the Hoosier into your home.
V'l
mm -dJMm
5J r7 ; '
111- rw I'll II I I u
Smart Serge Dresses
Serge dresses were never more popular and prices,
to say the least, are fair; they are out of the ordi
nary. They will wear well and look well to the end
of the season. There is nothing frail or fussy about
them; the value is in the cloth and good tailoring.
All the most popular shades and combinations are
shown, trimmed with fancy silk embroidery and
beads, with a good variety of styles. Some are de
veloped with the new Tuxedo Roll; others are in
straight line effects with drape pocket effects; while
others are in the late Hickson models. White satin
and contrasting collars and cuffs .are featured. Cot
ton and wool serge dress priced at $7.50
All-wool serge dresses. Price range from $15 to $35
New Fur Trimmings Just received a line of new
fur trimmings in widths from one inch to six inches.
Beaver, skunk, opossum, mole, sable, coney, sea!,
etc. Price range from, per 3-ard ,...50c to $3
The New Fownes Gloves In suede, mocha, wash
able kid, French glace wid. etc., in all shades; sizes
from 5J2 to 7 J2- Price range from..:.....$2.25 to $4
White Chamoisette Gloves They .will ,wash, the
pair $1 and $1.25 '
THE NLHRK. Or QIHHTY
3
We are showing a complete new line of Whittall
Rugs in all the latest patterns.
Buy a Heater
and Be
Comfortable
Through the
Long, Cold
Winter Months
1 1 : 1 1 1 1
Special Demonstration of Majestic Ranges on November the Twelfth
V, '