ft
MARKETS.
WEATHER.
NEW YORK CITY
Average price of cop
per for week, ending
Feb. 7. SO 5.
Arizona: Sunda and
Moi..ljf f jir; not mU(.n
tt.iifige in tc-mpeciture.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 19. NO. 213.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 11, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
mm
VILLA WIPES
OF DEFAGTOS AT GUZMAN
UNO CHAOS REIGNS AGAIN
Of Little Garrison of 50 Only Six Escape Alive Salazar's
Bandits Burn 25 Bridges 40 Miles Below Juarez and Cut
Off Cases Grandes Conditions Below Chihuahua City
Are Reported Even Worse.
By Review Leased Wire)
JUAREZ, Feb. 10. Villa
troops drew the first blood in
the new campaign for possession
of Northern Chihuahua yesterday
when Jose Inez Salazar's com
mand of two hundred almost an
nihilated the Guzman garrison of
' ''de facto troops.
The first report of the defeat
of the Carranza garrison at Guz
man, 76 miles south of Juarez,
was received in El Paso through
Villa sources and was confirmed
by officials of the Carranza gar
rison here late today. .The
strength of the Guzman garrison
is estimated at from 45 to 55 and
it was admitted here unofficially
tonight that all but six soldiers
had been killed or wounded.
Succor Refused
The six, together with a wounded
first captain of the Carranza army,
escaped and were picked up by a
, Mexico Northwestern work train sixty
Jive miles south of Juarez Reinforce
ments were asked for from the local
garrison- but no train had been sent
out late tonight. Three wounded Car
ranza soldiers were left in the Guz
man station after the fight it was
said. ; : ;
Burn Score of .Bridges
The distribution of a Villa proclam
ation warning foreigners and natives
II S. AMBASSADOR IS OFF FOR
MEXICO THRU
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10. Henry P.
Fletcher left tonight for Mexico to
present his credentials as American
ambassador. Accompanied by Cap
tain Frank R. McCoy, military attache
of the embassy, he will enter Mexico
at Laredo, traveling to Queretaro, the '
country's new capital over the Na-1
tional railway. The original plan for i
h'm to go by way of Vera Cruz was
abandoned because of the presence
of rebels along the coast, but rebel
operations north of Monterey and
south of San Luis Potosi since have
been reported and some are doubtful
now whether an uninterrupted trip
can be made over the route chosen.
Ambassador Fletcher should reach
Queretaro Thursday.
Ramon de Negri, in charge of the
Mexican embassy, notified his gov
ernment tonight of the departure of
the new representative and asked that
he be met at the bprder by a repre
sentative of the foreign office.
Official and unofficial reports con-
VILLA REPORTED TO
HAVE ARMY OF 25,000;
FUNSTON DOUBTS IT
New York Agent of Bandit
Spreads Report Juarez Is to;lls force of 25.000 men. declined
Be Attacked U. S. Army
Men Ridicule Rumors.
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. Feb. 10. Francisco
Villa, with a force of 25.000 men, sup
ported by thirty cannon of 65 and 75
millimeters earh and machine guns
is occupying the railroad vacated by
the forces of General Pershing and
gradually advancing northward to
take Juarez, according to an official
communication received here today
by John J. Howes, Villa's representa
tive in New York, from Hipolito Villa,
brother of the leader, who is making
headquarters in San Antonio.
The announcement gave in details
the various units of Villa's command I
with the names of various generals
and under officers. It also stated j
that a sanitary service consisting of
fifteen physicians and fifty nurses j
has been organized at Bustillos. It I
was also said that Villa bus a trsns- j
portation service of S7 loron.otlves
OUT FORCE
from traveling on passenger trains
between Juarez and Chihuahua City
(ausetl much excitement here today.
The burning of 25 bridges between
Farral forty miles south of here and
milepost 105, by Villa followers be
lieved to be under Salazar, mused a
suspension of all train service to
Casas Grandes, and a strengthening
of the Carranza outposts around the
town. j
Bands Roam at Will I
Villa troops were also reported In I
the vicinity of Tierra Blanca. twentV !
jiiiles south on the Mexican Central
railroad while roving bands were op
erating yesterday between the two
railroads, according to passengers ar
riving from the south. One hundred I
troops from Guadalupe, thirty miles
southeast of Juarez, were called in i
today to strengthen the garrison, and
General Murguia has ceased to send
escorts with trains between here and
Chihuahua City.
Chaos Reigns In South
Conditions south of Chihuahua City
were reported here today to be cha
otic. Bridges have been burned by
Villa troops in the vicinity of Jimen
ez, including a large suspension
bridge over the Rio Florida at
Jimenez and all hope of General
Dieguez sending reinforcements to
the north has been abandoned it was I
said here tonight.
BANDITS' L
j tinue to indicate the growth of the
anti-government movement in Mex-
ico.
Information reaching the state
war departments indicate that Villa
has in Chihuahua approximately 8000 i
men. Already he has occupied the
greater part of the territory formerly
occupied by General Pershing, but of-
fk-ials do not believe ho will contest
the permanent possession of the field
against Carranza's army when It ap
pears. Escort For Fletcher
QUERETARO. Feb. 10. A special
i train of five cars, accompanied by a
guard of 100 picked soldiers, left here
tonight for Laredo to meet Henry P.
Fletcher, the American ambassador
to Mexico. The train also carried a
reception committee from the Mexi
can foreign office. General Carranza
will receive Ambassador Fletcher's
credentials in ..Mexico City.
When General Carranza leaves for
Mexico City, a decree will be issued
re-establishing the capital of Mexico
there, probably February 24.
and seventy box and gondola cars.
Field headquarters for Villa have
been established at San Andreas, 30
miles west of Chihuahua City, the
statement says.
! PAN ANTONIO. Feb. 10. Hipolito
, Villa, brother of Francisco, who, ac
cording to New York -advices, sent to
a statement that Francisco Villa now
ion mm to annut he bad forwarded
the information. Shown the figures
purporting to detail Villa forces in
various pans of Mexico, he said:
"From information reaching me,
through various sources, I believe the
figures are substantially correct."
When the claim that Villa has 25.
000 men was brought to the attention
of General Funston tonight, the lat-
! ter said he considered the statement
ridiculous: that Villa at no time ever
bad such a force and could not under
existing conditions muster one of
such proportions.
AMATEUR SHOOT ENDS
KANSAS CITY. Feb. 10 The in
ternational amateur white flier cham-
pionship. the feature event of the l.ith 'company believe it resulted from sion
aniiiial interstate shoot, was not com-i tnneotis combustion. The blaze start
pleted as expected today and the j ed In the packing department of the
twenty-one marksmen will shoot the !
remaining forty of their 100 rounds
tomorrow.
Senate Committee Asks Passage
of Universal Service Bill to Drill
Youths of 19 Years, Six Months
CHINA ENDORSES U. S.
BREAK WITH GERMANY.
PEKING, China, Feb. 9. (De-
layed) The Chinese cabinet has
endorsed the American action
against Germany on the subma-
rine campaign. The cabinet has
assure the American minister.
Dr. Paul S. Reinsis. that China
associates itself (irmly with the
I'nited States.
The Chinese government has
advised the German government
that China will break off diplo-
malic relations if the new sub-
marine measures are pursued.
25 AMERICANS
All Were Muleteers on British
Steamer Japanese Prince
Ship May Have Been Class
ed as Warship. ;
(By Review Leased Wire).
NEWPORT NEWS, Feb. 10. The
British steamer Japanese Prince, 4.946
tons' reported sunk, had on board
I twenty-five white American muleteers.
according to the British vice consul
here.
The steamer, carried
cargo
of horses and general cargo.
:The muleteers signed on at this port.
j The Japanese Prince was command-
I ed by Captain Jenkins, and besides
! the 25 Americans, carried a crew of 50
men. Her cargo, besides 400 horses,
consisted of grain and billets. Her
snipping agents could not say lomgnt
whether the Japanese Prince had
reached Southampton, discharged her
cargo and was bound back. If she was
on a return voyage, they said, the
American cattlemen would not have
been aboard as it is the practice to
send these men back on passenger
ships.
The British steamer Japanese
Prince owned by the Prince Line ol
Newcastle left Newport News on Jan.
24 for Southampton.
SPIRIT OF REVOLT
FLAMES UP IN CU6A.
HAVANA. Feb. 10. Havana
was stirred today by reports of
a revolutionary movement. Dur
ing the night the secretary of the
interior, Aureliano Havia, noti
fied the civil and military authori
ties that a plot to overthrow the
government had been discovered,
inx'jlving civil and military otti-
cials, and minors that high army
officers were under arrest spread
over the city, causing both ex-
citement and alarm. There had
been tnutterings of an uprising
ever since the nresidential eloc-
tions in November last, the re- .
suit of which has not yet been
determined.
ON STEAM ER
SUM
$4,000,000 Munitions Plant At
Pittsburg Is Destroyed By Fire
(Ry Review Leased Wire)
PITTSBURG. Feb. 10 The machine
shops building of the Cnion Switch
jand Signal Company, the largest plant
! for the manufacture of switch signals
in the United States and until rc
jcently engaged in filling munition or
iders for the Kuropean governments,
located at Swissvale, a suburb, was de
troy ed by fire early tonight with a
loss estimated at $4,000,000.
Cause Is Mystery.
The cause .f the fire has not been
! determined, although officials of the
building. Only a few were at work
in the building at the time.
The Swissvale and tdgewood 6rejment probably were destroyed.
Wld ,en J'". 500;
uuu annuauy, Viivmg o
Millions of Trained Men'
Within Few Years.
'ONLY SONS" ALONE
WOULD BE EXEMPT
.' Bill Is for Defensive Warfare
Only, and While Less Than
T t7 - 7 i-J I- -
war cjipcris nanicu, is a
Step in That Direction.
By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10. The sen
ate military committee today report-
j ed favorably a. bill framed by a sub
I committee creating a military and
j naval citizen force based on univer-
sal training and service. While the
committee report does not indicate
any belief that congress will act on
the measure at thi? session the bill
j brings to a definite head the univer
sal service discussion of the last few
months and offers a specific plan on
which public sentiment can crystal
lize. The bill requires six months
traning without pay for all youths
during their nineteenth year.
Few Are Exempt
Exemptions are , confined to the
members of the regular army and
navy, those physically unfit, those
who are the sole support of depend-
I ent relatives, and those affiliated with
religious creeds which forbid them to
bear arms. The latter class are lia-'
ble, however, for training in the non- I
combatant' branches of the army. - !
Would Drill 50,000 Yearly j
It is estimated the bill would pro- j
vide for the training of 500.000 boys
nnn..il., r ...i. ... i .1 r
toughed into n reiwy lor nine years !
Aftpr hi training ntrioI With at. (
,owanfM for shrinkHKe of vlluwK J
due to various causes as the years !
pass, this plan would give a total i
force f 2.165.000 men who had had j t
six months training, at the end of the
first nine year cycle, all subject to
(call for service only In the event of
a "defensive'
thereof.
war or the imminence
Training Period Short
The bill disagrees with the theory
of the army general staff as to the
amount of training necessary to make
a soldier fit to go on the battle lines,
although it contemplates about the
total strength proposed by staff offi-
cers.
A year of intensive training has
been declared by Major General Scott
the chief of staff, to be the minimum j
ui saieiy lor me training oi even ue-
fensive soldiers.
A universal training bill is almost
ready "for final submission to Secre
tary Baker and the President. Neith
er official has committed himself on
the principle of universal training.
For Naturalized Too
The committee measure, which Is
Dasea on mat prepareu by .Major
Mosely, formerly of the army general
staff, fixes military training as a duty
of citizenship, denying naturalization
until such training has been at lea?t
begun or exemption granted.
Penalty For Evading
All government employment will be
closed to those who could not produce
certificates of training or exemption
and private employers would be situ- !
ilarly prohibited from employing any '
man who had evaded Ins military ser-
vice. A blanket penalty with a mT- j
imum of $1000 fine and a year's im-1
(Continued on Page Five) j
departments were called out. but fan-( According to the presidcut of the
ned by a high wind, the lire gained j company, A. L. Humphrey, no shells
such headway that it was necessary ' bad been manufactured at the plunt
to call out the fire departments from j since last November. The Union
the adjoining boi'JUghs of Braddock, j Sw itch and Sigual Company, which
Wilkinsburg, North Braddock and Ran- J was 1'Junded by the late George West
kin, and part of the Pittsburg depart- j inghouse In 1SS1. was recently taken
ment. For more than half an hour lover by the Westinghouse Airbrake
it was impossible to throw any water ,
on the lire because of the frozen wn-;
ter plugs. Finally a line hose was'
run to the Swissvale reservoir.
2.000 Shells Explode,
The machine shop building i fevered !
150,1100 square feet. It contained the ,
etnergencv hosultal. backing room, ex-1
perimental department and general was fef incendiary origin, yet the gov
machine shop. More than 2.000 shells i ernment was Interested In view of the
in the packing room awaiting ship- , fact that war orders had been filled
: .'hlJ 7SHS W.'k
BY "SUBS" SATURDAY.
i
!
The harvest of the German sub
marine campaign from reports re
ceived Saturday increased the
total ioss of ifennage by 22.271
tons. Four British and three Nor-
wegian steamers are the latest ;
victims of the U-boat blockade 1
measures. The British tonnage
'"'a'11 15 Tar' ton!l a
I wegian 6,47.
ml the Nor- :
The liriti.-h steamers lost wre ;
the Munlolu. Lullington. lleechi
tree and Japanese , Prince. . The i
Norwegian steamers sunk were i
the Solhakkcn. Kllavjre and llav- j
gaard. The largest in tonnage '
was the Mantolu, which mensur-
ed 6.82B Ions. The smallest was .
the Uavg.iard or 1.100 tons. '
DEVICE INVENTED
TO SMELL OUT
j J, S. Naval Consulting; Board ;
Says Nothing About It
But It's Great It May Be-
I f All'
long to Allies.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK. Feb, 10. A method
j for UetPrmininR tne preSence of sub -
marines has been discovered but the
details and the .question of whether
the I'nited States or one of the en-1
tente allied powers possesses the' se
cret are being carfully guarded, it
was learned here tonight after a spe-
ial meeting of the naval consulting
hoard
Tnp nieeting which w benIn(,
,osed d WM d(,voled almost en.
t i rolv tn a I i urituuin nf f ho into r
national situation and the part this
country would play in the event of I
I war. The following resolution was
adopted by the board:
unru. .rliu, o. iur
na-y be Informed that tms board
holds itself at the serviec of the de-
partment to act as a board o Inven-
uonK- or an olner capacity wnyn
j may be of use to the government In
There WM ,a,k of cnating an
consulting board with duties similar
(Continued on Page Five.
4
PRESIDENT URGES
! FOOD INVESTIGATION.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10. At
A th
e federal trade commission
i and the department of agricul
i ture wilt heuin an immediate in-
' vestigation us to the ciue of ad- j
valu ing food prices in he Fn'td '
' States, with sneekil reference to '
alleged violations of he anti- j
trust acts. An emergency ap-
nronriation will lie asked of con- i
gress for the inquiry. j
An adequate food supply, a mat- j
ter f concern to the nation at
all times, is of peculiar import- ;
ance at the present, the President
declared.
Company.
, U. S. Interested.
U. S. Marshal Joseph Howley an
jnouneed tonight that investigation of
the origin of the fire would be made
by agents of the department of Justice, j
He said that while government offl-1
cials had no suspicion that the fire '
by the company.
SUBMARINES
iGEilf SEEKS PARLEY
i WITH 0. S. TO PREVENT
US FROM ENTERING WAR
!
Proposal of Germany Is Not Made Public, But It is Believed
to Offer Safety for American Ships at Sea Reign of Ter
ror However Is to Continue and U. S. Is Dubious of Pro
posals Some Think It a Stall for Time.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10. Germany ha taken steps to open a
discussion with the United State on means of preventing war between
them.
In seeking an exchange of views on the subject, however, it It
not understood that the Berlin government has proposed any modifi
cation of its ruthless submarine campaign and officials here say they
cannot enter upon such discussion while vessels continue to be de
stroyed in violation of international law.
The new move is understood to be predicted upon a willingness
on Germany's part to discuss especially the safeguarding of American
ships and American lives on the seas, and backed by a renewed expres
sion of the desire of the German government to prevent the diplomatic
breach from leading to actual hostilities.
,
i Just how American interests are to i
' be safeguarded if the German war enfe' Dut il is considered proboble the
izone proclamation is to stand, how- minister, on behalf of Germany, com
lever, and whether any specific means municated that government's views,
of preserving peace between the two If he 1'J- lh German suggest .tins, it
, nations is included in the combination i
has not been revealed because of the
delicacy of the situation. In fact all
I officials refuse fj discuss it in detail ! ward at least unljl the I'n'd State
j or even to indicate through what chan- ! Indicates in some way Its sentiment
, nels the communication was addresse I toward the general proposal for a dis
i to the American government. , cussion. The development, however,
i Germany Fences for Time. I wrved to draw attention to proposal
back of the step also Is a matter of ! arrangements for passage of Araeri
speculation. In some -suarters there i ran passenger carrying liners in th
s eviHentlv a foelilli? it la niprolv
play'' for time, designed tfe postpone
an' furtn''1 ttiun D i'nited
States, until the starv ation blockade
against England either has succeeded
j or failed. Elsewhere there are sug-
j gestions that there may be behind it
! a sincere desire to make anrritirea to
i preserve peace between the United
States and Germany, and may come Stales agreeing rtOt to take any seri
as a response to the appeal known to ! ous action and that administration of
have been' sent j broad by paciticists j fecials flatly declineu u conquer it.
In this iViuntry. , The prrseut efforts, while more or less
Wilson Stands Pat. j different in character, are looked upon
At any event there is no evidence as being more formal in nature tnaa
that President Wilson is contemphit- those made at that time,
ing any other course than vigorous ; No Favored By U. S.
preparation of the nation for the even- The manner in which the new Gr
tuaiity which he warned against in j man proposal as received in "official
his address to congress if American 1 quarters left the impression that
; rlRhts a""e violatP
Dirty Trick on Gerard.
t '
Up to tonight no Official evidence
' has been received to show that the
' ...... .1 . ... ..... v. .. .1 .. .. ... r . 1
, feared overt act had been committeed.
Aside the neK ronimun!.
lfation intPreHt in 4)ffirjal c r,.,es ren.
I tereJ c.hipfjy in fh(. t.olirsp o( lhe ,5t.r.
f lin officiajs in pial.inR obstacles in the
y of thf departure of An.bassa.i'.ir
; Gerard. Great resentment has been
aroused here over this incident, but
officials will be disposed to consider
the matter closed.
Swiss Are Go-Bctweens.
Although definite information re
garding the channel through which
the German communication was direct
ed Is lucking, it is considered certain
that it has been forwarded by the gov
ernment of Switzerland. The Swiss
minister here, who has taken over
; German interests in this country,
(called at the state department 'his
! afternoon and saw Chancellor Polk.
i Eoth refused to discuss the confe:
GERARD. STAFF AND SCORES
0
j (By Review Leased Wire)
! WASHINGTON. Feb. 10. Ameri-
can Ambassador Gerard will leave
P.erlin tonight for Zulich. Switzerland.
! with his entire staff and fifty Ainer
j ican citizens, according to a dispatch
I received today at the Sw iss legation
i hero from Berne.
BKRLIN. Feb. 10.. (Via lxndon.
Feb. 11. Ambassador Gerard paid his
fiual respects this afternoon to the
ituperial chancellor. Or. von Beth-mann-Hollwcg.
and the secretary of
foreign affairs. Alfred Zlmniermann.
spending about an hour with each in
frlendlv semi-political conversation
which he later characterized as par
ticularly amiable. He then returned
i to the embassy and supervised the
last details for hs departure tonight.
Mr. Gerard received the American
correspondents, some of whom are J
staying here temporarily, and had a
confidential chat with them. He an-:
nounced only for publication that he !
had left with a committee of distin-
guished Germans Darned by him.
400.000 marks, this money being the
"Gerard fund" collected during his
AMERICANS QUIT GERMANY
i
is believed, were given orally.
It is regarded as improbable that
specific suggestions would be put for-
note announcing unrestricted subma
rine warfare.
' ' Was Rejected Before.
'It was disclosed tonight that when
Count von BernstorfT informed tho
I'nited States of the new German
policy last week an effort was nia.de
to bring about a discussion apparent-
I ly designed to result in the foiled
there was little possibility of a favor-
able response hre. The attitude of
r
j
i
,
officials has been that only two courses
are open to Germany that she must
ha2arfl of war wih this country, or
Restore her repudiated pledges gUea
j in thp Sussex case. It has been felt
' here that Germany has been warned
' more fully than she had any right O
expect re.vard'ng the attitude of the
' I'nited States and that she decided
on her course with full knowledge of
its results. It is not felt that Germany
1 will be in a position to negotiate ia
j the matter until she has withdrawn
J from a campaign which the United
States has condemned with the mos-t
serious step it could take short ot
i war.
Aimed to Prejudice.
oairials. however, apparently ar
' not surprised at the German action,
la ont diplomatic quarter it was char
acterized tonight as calculated to
' (Continued on Page S)
I recent isit to the United States, and
that he intends to slop at Berne for
three or four days for anticipated In
structions. The moving of personal belongings
of Americans to the railroad station
was not without lis humorous tido.
Taxicabs are rarities nowada)s and
Americans who had been in Berlin
for years, had to transport their
household property and peisonal be
longings often times by makeshift
methods decrepit hore cabs and
cwn street cars. Even then in mauy
cases transportation was obtained
only after a lengthy scouring of the
streets for vehicles, so early was the
hour of the inspection.
MADRID, Via Paris. Feb. 10 A
wireless messaue from the Spanish,
ambassador at Berlin to America
Ambassador Willard tonight, trans-
mitted at th request of Airbsssador
Gerard, asked that
passmen ior iuj
Gerard and tbo
ambassador. Mrs.
ambassador's suite be engaged on ibm
Alfonso XIII leaving Barcelona a
February 21. or on the Infanta Isabe',.
steaming on February 23. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 11, 1917.
TWO
EIGHIEEil SPIRITED CANDIDATES
GET THEIR SHARE OFVOTES CAS
C " .
Standing of Survivors of Preliminary Test Appears in This
Issue Special Triple Vote Offer Starts Today for New
Subscriptions Only Regular Schedule for Renewals.
The first special offer of the Re
view's Greater Automobile and Prize
Contest, closed last night -with a snap.
Out of 11S candidates originally en
tered, eighteen candidates succeeded
in holding on to the reins, eliminating
the remainder of their competitors.
These candidates are Mrs. Doris
O'Neil. Mrs. Frank Mosler, Miss Mil
dred Robinson, Miss Frances Juliff.
Miss Myrtle Arbon, Miss Rose Walker,
Miss Theodora Gregovich. Miss Willa
Robinson, Mrs. Glover Quails. Miss
Caddie Clinord, Miss Emmabelle
Rolfe, Miss Gladys .Doescher, Miss
Katie Johns. Mrs. Grace Milner, Miss
Dot Fiuli!'jn, Mrs. Ruth Sargent,
Miss C'o.-t;'i Cumlry and MUs Lola
Andrews.
These cand Malts are to be compli
mented lor the activity they hae
shown during the preliminary period
of the campaign, and all those who
leel interested in any one of them,
can now give them uieir votes with
the confidence and knowledge that
they w ill preserve to the end. During
the preliminary week of the I'jntor-t.
hundreds of prople withheld their sub
scriptions for the purpose of giving
tneir votes to the one which in their
opinions would make the most success
ful campaign, and now, that they have
eighteen candidates to chose from,
the readers of the Review can ijok
forward to a spirited contest during
the remaining six weeks of tne cam
paign. Each of the candidates who remain
in the contest made noteworthy gains,
and while they collected quite a num
ber of subscriptions, the vote was
quite evenly divided, and the sup
porters of the candidates may now
look l'jrward to a competition wherein
energy and pcrscvereiice will bo the
deciding factors iu bringing their can
didates under the wire March 21.
Triple Votes.
As stated before, there are hun
dreds of people who have been hold
ing their subscriptions to give th.m
to their choice from mong those who
could withstand the preliminary test.
There persons are l'jr the most purt
tew subscribers, and in order to start
the candidate in search of them, the
Review v.il! ofer for the next two
weeks, ending Saturday night, Feb. 24,
at 9 o'clock. TRIFLE VOTES ON ALL
NEW SIX MONTHS', YEARLY AND
TWO YEARS' SULSCRIPTIONS. This
means three for one. or C'j'iO votes for
a six months subscription instead 01
1200 votes: 900 votes !jr a yearly sub
scription instead of uOOO and 24,00'
votes instead of SOO0 for a new- two
years, subscription.
This will positively be the larges'
vote offer of any desciiption, by man
thousands of votes that will be giver:
during the balance of the campaign
and no matter h'jv well a candidate's
standing may be at the present time,
she w ill have to keep her votes healthy
by energetic hustling during the
Triple Vote offer.
Rich Prizes.
It is, of course, generally under
stood that to -be a winner in any com
petition, one must look forward to
putting forth their best efforts, else
the venture will be a failure. In this
t'jntest. three of the ten prizes thai
are offered are of exceptional value.
The Chandler Six is an automobile
that anyone may be proud to own. as
is t!'e seven-passenger Studebaker
and the powerful Chevrolet. The
other seven pri7.es consist of hand
sonic gold wrist watches and diamond
lavallieres.
Theret'.ire, if the Review is gener
ous e:.'jugh to oaer such prizes which
agrecate nearly $:'f0'i in value, it is
evpected that the readers of the Re
view will look forward to those for
whom they have voted to back up the
stHrt thev have given with continued
energy and perse verence. It is easy
enough for anyone to "get the cream"
of anything, but that is not sufficient
for a candidate ;V win. One who can
now withstand obstacles that confront
her, and go into every highway and
byway of the city for subscriptions,
making such a canyas that she over
looks no one, is the candidate who
will surely prove to be the final win
ner. In a full page announcement, the
Triple jie offer is thoroughly ex
plained and the candidates, with their
standing as polled to date, also are
shown. Work, wish and win: all have
an eoual chance in the merry -battle
for votes.
PAN AMERICAN LABOR RAPS
EXPLOITERS OF AMERICAS
(liy Review Leased V.'ire)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 10. A mnifest
'o declaring that speculators and poli
'ieians are erectiug a business fabric
r Latin-America which endangers the
'uture of the masses, and calling up
n tie wage earners of the Americas
o unite "for th ir common protection
md brt torment," wa.i issued here to
light by the conference committee of
'.;-e newly organized Pan-American
Terieration of Labor. To permeate
'e western hemisphere with a fcu
r.ar.e influence and to protect it
fro' : b"M!g overrun by military dom
'imtion from any quarter," are declar
ed by the manifesto o he essential
hities of the feiHra'ion. A platform
f labor and political reforms is sub
mitted to guide the endeavors of wage
ertvrs "to s-eure better standards
of life and work."
.VOTE SCHEDULE.
VOTES ALLOWED AND SUBSCRIPTION PRICE
FOR PAID-IN-ADVANCE SUBSCRIPTIONS TO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIE'W.
3 months' subscription ; $ 2.25 500 Votes
6 months' subscription 4.00 1 200 Votes
1 year's subscription 7.50 3000 Votes
2 years' subscription I 5.00 fcOOO Voles
Note: The same number of votes are allowed for
either NEW or RENFAVAL subsciiotions.
...CLIP ON BLACK BORDERS. .
Good lor
5000
VOTES.
Nomination Coupon
Good for
5000
VOTES.
Bishee Daily Review Greater Automobile and Prize
Contest.
Nominate Mrs. or
Address (Des'-ribe locution)
Phone Number
Nominated by u:se!f r ... ; ..
Addi-u;
1'. . V.:.
No''1: N'Hni'-K of parties nonua-Uins candidates will rot be divulged
without t.V cotirert of per .on.-: u hos-.ina'iag t!; in. Only one nomi
nation coupca w.; cwr.t t;r ereh '
.CLIP CN PLACX BORDERS.
Good for
1 C
Votes.
Vote CoiipOi
The Bisbee Daily Review
Good for
1 0
Votes.
Greater Autcmobils ar.d F.lzc Contest
For Mro. or Mist
Addre.s
Net good if depot ited alter I eiiru iry 17th. Clip as many of tliesj
rouiions a- -..( r.t :,n,l .- ; tv.ir i.ds to L; fheia for yo.i.
,v ,,tr,i i,m, i: ; i ilr.i i.t :1 il p;i' !.- s ;.n I lint ri.l'eil. Clip
Heal Iv m lri"i" l;m s.
r
5
IT IS GOOD to see the new spring thing;
coming in with their message of bright, vivid
colorings, new fabrics and new silhouttes
and the one thing about this initial showing
of suits i3 that they are nearly all bright
colored ' but you will welcome this change
from Winter's sombre shades.
r z r"
:
SUITS AND DRESSES collected with
care, with the thought constantly in mind
that they too carry "The Fair's" banner,
that they must be responsible and capable,
and add prestige. They are here ready with
confidence, rich in the charm of their at
tractive personality, different, authoritative.
NeiV Spring Suits of Beauty and Elegance
Brilliant in Color Yet Practical in Style and Designing
GIZOO J 850 $9950
$452
THIS INITIAL EXHIBIT OF SUITS is not the comprehensive collection you may expect two weeks
from now but we want to emphasize the statement that every garment in it has been personally and
carefully selected by Mr Frankenberg for women who pride themselves on wearing" that which is
flawless in style, quality and workmanship exclusively piquant style touches are an enjoyable feature.
STYLES QUITE UNLIKE THOSE THAT HAVE BLOSSOMED IN OTHER SPRINGS BRILLIANT IN BEAUTY
INTENSE IN CHARM THE CREATIONS OF MASTER DESIGNERS. THE SHADES OF THE PASSING SEASON
ARE NOW IN THE BACKGROUND AND IN THEIR PLACE ARE DARING COLORS, BRILLIANT, GLOWING, AU
DACIOUS. LIFE AND JOY AND SPRING NO WONDER THEY ALLURE AND DELIGHT
AMONG THE SUITS are those of Gaberdine, Serge, Poplin, Covert, Velours and Novelty Fabrics,
in tan, gray, oxford, jade green, chartreuse, navy, apple green, Copenhagen, mustard and rose. Short
Jackets, some in box effect, full pleated, and those perfectly delightful short flare ccats with small belts.
SUITS magnetic in their charm superlative in style and workmanship, priced at $15.00, $18.50
$22.50, $25.00 and upwards to $45.00.
! I I h I It' vV
,'ri
i, 7 NX".
MX 7 J
1 : K
y N
1 L Vr
1
New Spring Dresses
That Will Enthuse and Delight
$12.50, $15.00, $18.50 to $29.50
JFST ARKIVKI) and ycu're to l,e among the first to see them Monday. You will
be enthusiastic about the new styles and delighted with the vivid, danns colors and
combinations. Vou are sure to be pleased with the pretty models of Taffeta. Of
Georgette t'repe, of Crepe Mctaor and those stunning expressions of style aj developed
in combinatiin effects.
DRKSSKS WITH straight :;lim lines, long bedices. and loose sirdle belts; others that
are embroidered, and those very striking new models with skirt of bright piaid taffcia.
As rmart. and pretty as can he most notable examples of art in dress-making, at prices
ranging from ?2.50 to $0:i.50.
New Spring Dresses of Serge
VJII IUI
II7.r.
vr itt
Favor
$12.50, $15.00. $18.50 and $22.50
THEY ARK SO PRACTICAL and adaptable, and for early Spring wear, with its crisp
mornings and cool evenings there seems to lie no other garment qeite so pleasing and
desirable. It is predicted by Fashicn authorities that Serge Dresse-j will be even more
popular this Spring than they were last season, if L'lis be true, it is a wise women who
makes her selection early.
EVKN AT THIS KARLY period we're showing a very comprehensive gathering, front
the very inexpensive models priced at $12.50. up to those that are more elaborate in style
and design at ?22.5u; the colors for spring include Tan, Sane", Cray, Copenhagen. Green,
Navy and Rose.
A Special Showing Monday
of Spring Styles in
Porch Dresses and
Bungalow Aprons
98cf$L25$lA5,$L95
COMK MONDAY AND SEE this wonderful as
semblage of New 1'orcu. Dresses ami I'ungalow
Aprons for spring. We a;-k you to come see tlum
because it en absolute Impossibility to write ahout
them so that you could picture them as they are.
STVLLS CHANGE, TOO, in these simpler and
more practical garments for home wear.-and this
nnm frllpptiofi pmhices p'tf"1 tiie re't''t anl
daintiest ?yles we have even shown and when
you see them you will be delighted to learn that
qualities and prices are atxjtit the same as lasi year,
this was obtained through an early placing of our
order, in face of advancing coi-.ts of labor inii ma'
terials. MADE OK EXCELLENT QUALITY l'ercales.
Chambray and Gingham, in a full range of plain
colors, strioes. checks and small figures; simple
model that are cut full ind flaring; collarlesj styles,
as well as those with sailor collars. lurt,e pocrtets.
some with bells, trimmed witii piping, braid or em
broideryPriced at 9Sc. $1.23, $1.4S. $l.ti9 and 1.5.
Save on 'Bon Ton' Corsets ms SaIe of Middy Blouses
Closing Discontinued Models
$3.50 and $4 Values for . .
$1
95
The woman who is familiar with the superior qualities of "I!ON TON" Corsets, the
excellence of workmanship and materials, will avail herself of '.his chain-..- to choose
one Monday at about half its reil value.
THIS Ol'KKR ombrawes several lines of discontinued model1;, in either Krunf Lace
t.r Hack Lace styles, made of plain w hite Cotilile and fancy figured 1'iuk iiroi he; medium
and low busts, and short and medium skirts. There are all sizt-s in the lot from lit to
2S but not ail sizes in any one slyl Regular $:!.50 and $4.01 values for $1.93.
Spring Corsets Brassieres, 50c
-...fl-.. i i..,i;l-x nwi.t i'.ic renuire- - IT IS CO.M1NG the time of
"RON TON" ( (titSKTS meet de requir.
. ..r .1... knnws. It will be a
Hli.sure to sho o.l the new .Spring Model.,.
Yes they're priced from $4 00. $3.'0 and up
wards to 10.00 and one soon finds out thbt
.. i; r..i.r , , . . 1 1 1 i Mllll llllie WC3T Mf
uieir niiu iiliiij, ...v.w.. . -
ai. economy. And tlieres a mouet
figure specially designed on anaiouu-
truly
every
cal lines.
- IT IS (O.MING tiie time ol year
now when frequent changes of bras
sieres is necessary, and women will
t:ike advantage of this urderpriced of
fer. Monday to lay in a gi.od supply at
a Having. Made of whit;- cambric or
jeans, attractively and neatly trimmed
with dainty lace or fine embroidery,
special at 50c all sizes.
m''
jj! i
K0xVSIA3LZ
Monday Only
Special 98c
STYLES FOR WOMEN
AND CHILDREN.
-THOSK WHO APPRECIATE the
absolute comlort and chic appearance
f lir Miilriv '''oinc will be glad of
this Momlav opportunity to purchase
them at-a KOl'KTH to a THIRD less
than their real value.
IT WOCI.D P.E I'S'ILESS to at
tempt description ot Mich- a compre
hensive collection but in this as
sortment tha! has been repriced tor
Monday s selling then are styles and
sizes tor Women. Misses and Children
smart, dasliing models tl'at will de
light you. plain Middy effects, coat
styles and belted models with patch
pockets; square, round and sailor 10I-lars.
-J
Smart, Dressy New Spring Boots for Women, $6, $7.50 to $10
In White, Colored Kid Two-Toned Effects
ymw (
Black and White Combinations
ib present. "Qt'ALlTY" is present here.
to I lie qualities it has whirh w ill tultill t '.'.
tiLNI'INE LCti MY i i-.s:.ihie i'ii!y w here quality
Every Slua of our ew Spring Stles oweh psc.-eiice
espeeiaj needa of Hie wnmcu of Itisbee.
AND WE HAVE MANY STYLES TO SUIT THE NEEDS OF EVERYBODY. AND ADAPTED
TO THEIR POCKETBOOKS. OUR SHOES ARE THE RESULT OF EXPERT SHOE DE
SIGNERS AND EMBCDY ONLY THE BEST MATERIALS POSSIBLE.
f NEW SH1PM1
W ASH S U
I For Boys 2V2 to
I 75c to $3.(
iU :' ,i
ALL V.
;iITE is Faohion't; livonte
ir.nns atid bummer New,
I
u
lOl-'t-
D:t-
Icrcrt, Greefui, Smart. A uiod'.d at f " it
of Wh.te Kid. White Ivory soIct an 8 Jiicli
top. faultlcs:, ir tit and finish at $S. ." Atid
another very exceptional value h, tiie Shoe
of White NuBuck. with S iueli top. at $(U..
In npite of tne soaring prices of iill kni'id
and every grado of shoe leather, ve have
been able to maintain our usual hign stand
ard of quality in $4 and So slices for v.'"men
Choice of Patent or Dull leather, kid or
clou: tops, several styles from which to
choose.
WE SPECIALIZE on many lines and ail prices,
ablo footwear tor the least expenditure of money.
Store.
Colored Kid Gloves
EXTREME SIMPLICITY in design and t'ie
striking combinations of di lerenl colors which
predominate in Fashionable Spring Poo; wear will
bo hailed with delight and pleasure by wonicu.
NO Erl'OKT has been s. tared, no source has
been overlooked to present '.cj the women of the
Warren District every mode tendency relative to
Colored Kid and Novelty Uocts; prices range lroru
$ti.3't upwards to $10.
It is our desire to g've you the best in rtcpena
UOCK bottom prices always prevail at "The Fair"
Stetson Shoes for Men
STETSON SHOES ARE genuine economy.
Winn ou pay the Stetsou price you simply buy
more shoe comlort. better shoe looks, longer slioe
wear. And you gel more ot each per dollar yen
!ue.st. The" new Spring Models are ready, and
comprise all favorite leathers, black or tan. Unt
!on or Late; h'-iglisn or cou.-ervative l ist.,; priced
at ?.0o a peir A little bight r than last year,
ani siM a Lis money'., worth.
NEW SUMMER DRESS COTSONS
AND THESi; NEW Pill SS (O'l TONS that ha ,e ju.st arriveu are so beautiful in weave, texture
and color that they wiil m.- e the silks jealous. You will find li.'re tomorrow in the Wash Goods
section Juit such a showing of the New Cotton Weaves us you would ordinarily expect the 1st ot
April.
TI!i?KE ARE A NCMHE . 1)1' reasons why Piey ate so ear'y this year, but the chief one is be
ciiuse we lieup''t you'd be hoi to see them ami Imv ii.imii early i-:d h'tve them all made up. ready to
wear v-lieii Hie summer con -.-. If you're down tuu tumorrow come iu and take a peep at thc'.J,
you'll consider the time well spent.
SHIPMENT
ITS
B Years.
to $3.00
THIS WILL. BE welcome newt
to mothers, for there uee u.any wbo
have been waiting fr this now
shipment of Boys," Wash Suits; L'tey
are mado of twilks galatea. per
cales, madrases, gingham and
chambray, materials that are noted
for the satisfactoo way iii which
they stand laur.iiering and that
is an important consideration when
buyins smts for small boys.
BLOUSES
FOR BOYS, 65c
WE AHV, PLEASED to onno'ince
the arrival ef a large clilpnieut ot
Boys' Blouoes Jt all sues ireui 3 to
1 yeari : tney are !:e fauicu
"PURITAN" 'rac'l Gnirsnteed
Color. .Matiri-il and nrk'.aanshtp
l'eil.il ;atifatU.-!i or a uf
liio'le fee.
WE HAVE THEM IN THE
LATEST NEW PATTERNS, made
of Percales, Madras and Gius-'iam,
white grounds with neat stripes
atid tigurea thirl collar.- and mill-
tary flTevts Prieed si -c 1
THE BLSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 11, 1917.
THREE
BESBEE BASKETBALL
f IVES WIN AND LOSE
, AGAINST TUCSON HIGH;
i Bisbee Girls Fail lo Win 22 to
12, While Boys Capture a
PETK HKRM-V.W NEW BANTAM CHAMP.
SAYS I IK DOESN'T EXPECT TO BE IDLE
GONG FOR WEBER AND
ROCKLER SOUNDS AT
LOWELL 2:30 TODAY
r
Theres
Leak
Someone "tipped it off"
to us and it wasn't Tom
Lawson or Woodrol Wilson
or Billy Sunday either but
we're going to let you in on it.
Here's the secret: Every
body's going to buy their
clothes early this season.
Why? Because old Mr.
Weather Man says that we're
going to have an early Spring.
i
i
Now, we want to "tip it J
off" to you that we have thej
most wonderful assortment of!
nifty Spring fabrics you ever'
saw in your life and we J
want you in "on the ground I
floor" to have a look and se-!
lect your pattern before thej
other fellow beats you to it.
Are you "hip?" All
right come in and see us. If
you don't come to spend
come to see You're welcome
either way. It makes no dif
ference what you want we
have got it.
Anyway, come in if only
for ten minutes and let's talk
about your Spring outfit.
Our Make-Good Policy
Insures Satisfaction.
Haberdashery
Lowell
Main Street, Lowell.
mm
Spirited Match in an Extra I
Session, 43 to 41.
Bisbee anil' Tucson high school
basketball teams broke even on bnnors j
at Tucson Friday night, the girls de
feating Bisbee's 'SI to ll', while the
Bisbee boys snatched a l" to 41 vic
tory from their rivals by a hair's
breadth in an evtra period of lay.
Bisbee girls teamwork was impaired t
by the abesnce of Miss Wacek, out :
with a sprained ankle, whereas the !
Tucson girls' teamwork was par ex- j
rellenc.e. Miss Martha Crowell. nX
Tucson, was responsible for the Old
Pueblo's victory. j
The boys' game was pronounced i
one of the fastest ever seen in Tuctr.m. !
The end of tin' tirst half saw the
score slightly favoring Bisbee. but the
last half showed a tie, and an extra
Ove minute period was played. In this
Wallace and Visalia, of Bisbee, scored
four points to Tucson's two, and
cinched the game.
The last fifteen minutes was a see
saw name, the lead switching back
and forth between the two teams.
Tucson attributes its defeat to the
loss 'jf their star. Harris, who was
barred the day before the frame.
Slonaker was Tucson's one brilliant
player, whereas Wallace, McRae and
Visalia did splendid scoring for Bis
bee and Baldwin and Thomas were
efficient guards.
The Tucson Star, commenting on
Bisbee's boy team, says it is the best
Bisbee Has had since winning the
southwestern championship at El
Paso.
BISBEE ENGINEER TO
REPORT ON PROPERTY
IN JEROME DISTRICT
Franklin W. Smith Has Been
Called to Jerome to Report
on the Property of the Mag
ma Chief Extension.
JEROME, Feb. 10. If Franklin W.
Smith, the well known engineer of the
Warren District, reports favorably on
Copper Chief Extension, that compa
ny will be financed by a San Francisco
syndicate. Mr. Smith is to be in Je
rome nxt week.
This is the news brought by Xathi':
Shutz, secretary of the Copper Chivi
Extension Company, upon his rcturr
from Ixis' Angeles and San Francisco
several days ago. Mr. Shuts was
away from Jerome about a mint''.
When he left he expected to present
the Copper Chief Extension ct.
Louis capitalists but he got no fa:i..:-
er than the Golden Gate city.
The San Franciscans with whom he
Is negotiating asked Ira B. Joralemon.
the C. & A. geologist, to look over the
Copper Chief Extension, but he was
too hnsv to do so and recommended
Mr. Smith.
According to Secretary Rhutz, no
stock in the Copper Chief Extension
will be placed on the market if the
pending deal is consummated.
AND NOW FOR THE BIG SMOKER.
Arrangements for the "big affair"
! to be given under the auspices of the
Warren District Social club, February
Il8, at Baipby Hall, Lowell, are now
so well completed, that the committee
in charge promises it to be the biggest
and most interesting entertainment
; shown on any local stage for many
"ni,ons past." and to come. The big
j brawny strapping athletes who will
; demonstrate their science in the man
' ly art of self defense both in boxing
iand wrestling exhibition have been
thoroughly trained and exercised for
I the event ' so as to please the most
' critical observer. This item of the
program alone is well worth the ef
I fort of all levers of this art to be pres
j ent.
i The "pieeatingcontest" blind-folded,
. is of such a laughable nature well
Nuf said. The other details of the
program need no mentioning now as
they are superb in choice and arrange
ment. ! The entire program seems to be a
"surprise party." No comment or
fault can be heard of the publicity
'committee as the district is liberally
(ivered with posters, placards and
: auto-shtns, not to forget the big sign
stretched across the street in Lowelt.
! Boys, the big smoker Feb. 18 will
be a success, everything made har
moniously. Come on in the water is
fine.
Decorators are now planing to con
vert the Brophy Hall inl'j a dazzling
transformation of red and white
pleasing to both on-Iookers and danc
ers. Dancing in the even'ng, the main at
traction for the ladies, has by no
means been overlooked. The best oT
music has been secured and an effi
cient door .iininiltee w ill be in charge
with special Instructions to see that
everybody Is enjoying themselves.
Everybody welcome. (Advertisement)
"9Vfc4 f i : :.
Pete Herman at Hot Springs.
Pete Herman, who has a nod claim on the bantamweight. Kie since
lieatintr Kid Williams at New Orleans, said recently at Hot Ark..
where he is sojourning for a while, that he didn't expect tr, te idle through
ihe roir.mc month--. Herman doesn't plan to sidestet anv mvits wiih Will-ij.n--;
ir Johnny Krtle and row that ne lias a claim on the bantam itle he
I. .' that he is the hamtvori of the .-Ma ! c-vtio M'ie-tii n
WILLARD MATCHED
TO MEET FULTON
AT N. Y. MARCH 26
But if Fulton Fails to Whip
Weirert Monday, the Wil-'
lard Match is Off Madison i
' Square Garden Selected. j
; 'Bv Review Leased Wire)
ALBANY, N. Y., Feb. 9. An agree
ment for a ten round boxing tonit be
! tween Jess Willard. world's champion,
!and Fred Fulton at Madison Square
! Garden, New York, March 26, condi-
tional upon Fulton's victory over
: Charley Weinert next Monday night,
announced here today by Grant
Hugh Browne, of New Vork.
The license granted to Browne and
his associates today is dependent upon
their meeting the objections of the at
torney general's office to the terms of t
the lease of Madison Square Garden. ;
Chairman Frederick A. Wenck, of the
athletic commission, and Biowne con-"
ferred today with Deputy Attorney
General Lawson, who pointed out that I
the lease did not conform to the pro-'
visions of the athletic commission
law in that the papers did not show
that the garden t'jwer corporation i:'
the owner of the Madison Square Gar
den. The law requires that the club j
or corporation conducting bouts must
show in its application for a license
that it is either the owner or. the
leasee for at least a year of the proper
ty in which the exhibitions are to be
given. In this case, the legal papers
pitvide for the transfer of the property
to the Garden Tower Corporation on
March 1.
PREPAREDNESS THE.
MOTIVEFOR PICTURE
"Somewhere in France" Is the
Name of Plav to be Present-!
ed at Eagle Theatre. I
i
"Somewhere in France" at the
Eagle theatre for today, only, is a
series of actual scenes taken on the
battle front of the French army by
LVmald C. Thopmson. the daring'
camera, man of the Paramount News
pictures. Illustrated London News,
Leslie's Weekly and L'lliustration,
Paris.
Each picture has its spirit of gen
uineness, the thrill of actual happen
ing and the inspiration of authenticy.
Realistic views of trench fighting car
ried on between waring factions only
forty feet apart.
A battle between a "Taube" and
three aeroplanes while thousands of
feet in the air and resulting in the
capture of the "Taube".
Njt a pleasant picture in all its
phases, but one to thrill over and to
study and furnish an Ineffaceable re
collection of devoted service to a flag
and indomitable courage in a country's
defense.
w
I
4. 1
Jfcc-sV
1
si
6 r ii,-. V
BASKETBALL GAME
Monday night at 7 o'clock the high
school basketball team will play the
Holbrook Invincibles. An invitation
is extended the public to attend the
thrice-a-week basketball tournaments
at the "Y." The eight bronze asso
ciation watch fobs to be awarded the
winning team of the tourney arrived
yesterday and are on display at the
association building.
RIFLE CLUB SHOOT.
The Bisbee and Tombstone Rifle
clubs will stage a pistol and rifle shoot
on the range near the Country Cub
beginning at 8:30 o'clock this morning
and continuing throughout the day.
Between 25 and 50 marksmen are ex
pected to participate in the event.
WINSTON WINS THREE
NKW YORK,' Fbe. 10. Eric S.
Winston of the Harvard club, defeat
ed his clubmate, Anderson Dana, in
three. straight games in the final
round of the National Squash Tennis
Association championship tourna
ment at the Yale club here today. The
scores were 1S-15-14-6: 15-6.
The Future Can Be Told
BUT ONLY BY A TRUE SPIRIT
UALIST 'MEDIUM
j
Start j
Right. I
Know I
Your
Future
Prospects
by i
Consulting J
Clairvoyant - Astrologer
The greatest exponent of Hindu
ph'losophy in America. The man
with wonderful clairvoyant power and
. the most conscientious adviser of any
in the profession. He brings you fac
I to face with facts. Now is your op
; portunity to consult a true, gifted
I medium. He positively tells your
name, what Is best for you to do to
; lie successful in business, love af
fairs, what changes to make. He tells
you if the one you love Is true or
false and how to govern and control
your enemies and friends in fact
how to he successful in any and all
affairs of lift-. Mr. Jarrill has a
worldwide reputation and has the
endorsement of the best people. Mr.
Jerrill guarantees satisfaction. Every
thing Is kept confidential.
LOCATED AT LOWELL HOTEL. I
------ iiiirniMiniliiiil
JERRI LL
The headliliers on this afleiiKjon';:
wrestling bill at the IjiwcII Air
dome Weber and Uo Uocier un
derwent examinatUm by local doctors
yesterday and were pronounied
"most til" for the big clash to follow
the preliminaries which start at
2:V.O.
The big fellows passed th day
most differently. Kockler basked in
ihe sun most of the day. but Weber
went through the toughest two hours
oi training he has yet had. Ills wind
was perfect and he came out of the
long siegu as fresh and niitired as
'hough he had just arisen after a
full night's sleep.
Uockler is leinperiiit-rnal. Yester
day for instance, he passt d the day
in solitude; refused to let a single
soul even mention the word wrestling
to him. and as far as anyone knew,
he never limbered up for a minute.
He says he always trains best when
he lets his whims direct him.
; This afternoon the- fans will have
a chance to pass upon the wisdom
of his training. A good deal of sec
tional pride has developed over this
match; a good deal of money has been
put up by local fans, against Globe
gold. Warren District is backing
Weber, "all the way." Globe seems
as sure the big fellow Rockier will
win.
Billie Gunn has been named the
"third man in the ring" and every
thing is set for the curtain opener.
Tickets continued to go yesterday
and only a few were left, it is said.
These possibly went last night. -The
demand was brisk all day long.
KENTUCKY DERRY
ENTERS 75 WITH :
RICHTURF PRIZE
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Feb. 10 Entries
to the forty-third Kentucky Derby, the
feature of the spring meeting at
Churchill Downs Park, Louisville,
made public today, number 75, which
is in excess of any recent previous
year. The stake is for three year olds
at a distance of one mile and a quar
ter, and carries an added money value
ot J15.000. It probably will be the
lichest turf prize of the season.
A. C. McComber leads the. list list
with seven, of which five are imnort
ed. Corrigan and MeHenry, Billings
and Johnson, and John W. Schorr ha e
five each. Ilurvy Payne Whitney has
four, and James R. Butler and W. ll.
Coe three entries each.
The list embraces practically all
of the crack two year olds of last
year. Twenty-five are foreign born
Several Carloads of
Will arrive this week, most of these are already sold. Get your order
in now.
PRICES DELIVERED
Four Cylinder Roadster, $780.00. Six Cylinder Roadster, $1 190.00.
Four Cylinder 5 Passenger, $790. Six Cylinder 5 Passenger, $1220.
Seven Passenger Six Cylinder $1535.00.
SOUTHERN ARIZONA AUTO CO.
. Geo. E. Jackson (Prop.)
1223 G. Ave. DOUGLAS. Phone 2 6 4.
ff -?r , - I
1 MINING JM
I MEN TSi
II l
We have in stock for immediate delivery Fairbanks
Morse Oil and Gasoline Engines, Hoists, Drill Steel.
Picks, Shovels, Hammers, Handles, Powder Cap3, Fuse.
Carbide, Carbide Mine Lamps, Candles, Ore Buckets,
Anvils, Forces. Blowers, Pumps, Rail, Pipe, Wire Rope,
All kinds of Lubricating Oils and Greases including
Graphite. Also Gasoline, Engine Distillate and Slop
Distillate , the later for so-called crude oil engines.
We handle Compressors and Air Drills and can make
fairly prompt deliveries on most of the heavy materials.
GIVE US A TRIAL ORDER goods shipped the
same day order Is received with the exception of
F'owder Caps and Oil which have special days.
Send us your inquiries and orders OUR PRICES
ARE RIGHT.
V
1 M
HARDWARE
and include such horses as North Star day signed Barry McCormick. a vei
III; Jack Mount. Hollister and O ? ar : cran major league star, as a mem
Khaani. Four hpve raced in the ber of the 1917 umpiring staff. Mc
United States. Their presence will ' Cormick officiated in the American
give the contest an intere.-i tlavor j Associated last season,
and according to horsemen will make j
the outcome more uncertain than it ' '
has been for seven 1 v.-.irs.
M. COFtMICK TO. UMPIRE
CHICAGO. IVb. 10. resident
Johnson of the Amerii an league ti-
EUICK
AUTOMOBILES
v . , i Jr JJT
.ly,.ii.yii r,
"fit
era
DEPARTMENT
S uIIV r-fM'X VfM 1
yw It A A XSW
Ask Art FOUR
THE BISBEE, DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 11, 1U17.
Silis iilisltst Daily JLrutrai
Published Every Day Except Monday by the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second Cla Mail Matter at Bicbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 3, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable in Advance:
PER MONTH S .75
THREE MONTHS . 2.25
SIX MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter 75
N Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
PHONE NO. 39.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Oaily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor if any irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 11, 1917.
THE EQUATION.
The situation confronting the United States has all
along been moral; now it becomes also material. We
have from the first held true to principle; now by Berlin
our attitude toward it is forced to switch from patience
to active patriotism, sayS the Boston News Bureau. Hav
ing spoken the one tit word, we calmly take not only
precautions and preparations but also some assessment
of our spirit and resources.
Having renounced Berlin, the one open issue remain
ing whether also we shall have to resist her lies still
with Berlin. Our hands have been clean and conscience
clear, and they remain so now. We at least can never
with a shred of plausihility be called aggressors. The
clash of principle, which we did not create or occasion,
is fundamental. Foreign Secretary Zimmerman declares
concerning it that there will be "no backward step" in
Berlin's policy. All now hinges on Berlin's acts under
that policy.
Whatever the upshot to be fixed soon or late by Ber
lin's caution or desperation we can see already in this
nation manifold effects of the final clash of principle, and
Of the conditions which slowly bred it. Frequently mis
taken psychology in Wilhelmstrasse may have made one
more blunder in its anticipations; it will make another
if it now mistakes any apparent lack of quick furor for
want of steadfastness, vigilance and strength. And that
strength not the kind its own armies' first plunges dis
played is just the kind of strength fiat this economic
as well as military war's course should have taught it
was worst to cope with.
The natural first effect is political, the unifying of
national spirit above all party or sectional lines, the dis
covery that at need we at bottom feel alike. True, n j
other nation is like us in complex origin; and we may
have ugly manifestations from a very few deluded or
hired, but well watched, individuals. But here again it
will be easy for foreign psychology to blunder.
The political effect has here a distinct geographical as
pect. The newly arisen crisis means, in a word, the
vaking of the West Its seeming imperviousncss to Ihe
magnitude and meanings of the world war had puzzled
many, particularly visitors from abroad. The West
simply failed to see over the Allegliauies. Now the Pres
ident has lighted a torch visible all over the prairies ami
mountains.
The next immediate effects are financial and industrial.
The captains in both fields realize, as do none others,
how needful may be their particular roles. And none
could rally with better response than they, notably in-
eluding Henry Ford, have shown for the possible call.
The proffers of credit command and of plant equipment,
following wholesouled words of endorsement as citizens,
constitute a new chapter in such a crisis. And the real
chieftains of labor who have so far spoken are also true
to the key.
Then there are the harvested effects of recent condi
tions. T'ley cover both spirit and matter. There is the
net yield, small but splendid, of the gospel of "prepared
ness." as so far preached. More tangible is Hie indirect
contribution which the allies themselves gave us, not
merely in their purchasing gold, but in the creative facili-
ties, uon-existeut (wo years tincr. which the war orders
begot.
It is perhaps true that many of these new assets are
technically or .immediately not large as to cither sub
stance or skill, apart from spirit. But the bare fact is
that they represent much more than we ever had before.
They point the way for Berlin to contemplate to much
more we shall yet have.
The big factor in the equation is potentiality, just as
the big and only item in the whole situation is not pride
or passion or advantage, but principle.
less than an hour this- information, interpreted partly in
accordance with the Secretary's words and part
harmony with the known views of the President, was in
the offices of brokers in New York and Chicago, long be
fore the close of the market. The note itself was pub
lished Thursday morning, December 21.
By this confession the offending correspondents did
more than proclaim their own dishonor. They brought
discredit upon a corps of newspaper representatives long
trusted and worthy of trust. For what was said to be
friendship in one case and a paltry compensation in the
other they involved the press in a scandal which has had
no parallel in Washington in many years. In a case suc.
as this the mortification of officialism is no greater tiian
that of decent journalism. The delinquents
promptly feel the displeasure of both.
: Stanford renders
DECISIONS DEALING
WITH GOVERNORSHIP
Maricopa County Superior
Court Hands Down Several i
Decisions in 'Spite of An
nounced Intention.
AT LAST
PHOENIX. Feb. 10. Contrary to
his announced intention of withholding
his decision on disputed ballots until
should the completion of the count. Judge
J Stanford yesterday morning handed
, down his ruling rjn 4S ballots. Under
his rulings 27 were counted for Mr.,
MR. BRYAN'S REFERENDUM. Hunt and twelve for Governor Camp-
' Mr. Bryan in Washington advocating a referendum to bel1- Rulin reserved on 16 bal- i
lots claimed for the former and on one
the American people of the question of war between the for thp latter Jne jude that
United States and Germany is distinctly out of place. nine of the disputed ballots were to
The American people have no disposition to make war ! be counted for neither of the Contest
ants.
His ruling included the class of bal
lots that were marked at the top with
a cross to vote the straight ticket and
then marked below individually for na-
j tional. state,, county anti precinct can-
upon Germany or upon any other nation. If war between
the United States and Germany depends upon the in- J
habitants of the United States alone, there will be no war.
We are not so sure about Germany, and for that reason
we believe that the place fcr Mr. Bryan's activities is not ' didates, but not for governor. Some '
Washington but Berlin, and that the referendum which of these bai.'ots show the mark after
I I Avptr rarwlMfito with thp iTrfntinn rif 1
j he has in view shuuld be to the German people. Th?re ( gov;rIlor anJ ' some of tnenl tlle
j are many indications that tne German government has! elector, beside voting the straight;
I decided upon war with the United States. Possibly a i ticket and individually for many party
' candidates, has crossed aver into other
V,MU ui me pupiuar m Hl me pons wou.u party c0lunnis. rouniei for Governor
convince the Fatherland's drillmasters of the wickedness Campbell has argued that where the
and folly of such r.n enterprise. I voter na3 placed a cross after tlie
. . . names or various party canuiaates in
It is in Germany that Mr. Bryan should hold Ins L(idition t0 pIacinR a cross at the llPa;1
referendum. 0f the Darty column his intention
clearly was to vote for only those can
didates after wL'ose names he had
marked his cross. Counsel for Mr.
i Hunt argued that the cross at the
EXPLAINING THG LEAK.
V he u to Waiingloii iic;pp'r corrci-putidciit;; Vl
wit that they hnc been m the habit vl Iraut luittiug to
stockbrokers news rcrcivrd m confidence from oflicrrs
of (be government, 1 nijMrry a to jlu- peace utile leak
and all oilier leaks seems to have been solved.
The President'? .pea to, note was despatched lale Mon
day, Deccmlier IS. Wednesday, the L'Otli, at about 11 a.
m.. Sec retary Lauding inforiut-d various new:, paper corrc
lmiiJcu(s. pl'-dging tli-m to tfe'Tccy. that an itcportaut
diplomatic t-tatcuicul had been framed aud that copici, ul
it "iuM tt r-ia-tl iu 1'.:-:r iusrL. Wvt m .!; lu
FIGURES THAT MISREPRESENT.
The Federal Reserve Board in its annual report makes
an effort to prove overdoing among American banks in inead of the party column should gov
holdings of permanent securities, and especially foreiga era.
government bonds. In the way of this it states that while 1 .T,,i,s was a -,8ti"rl V,C,ory fr f ".'
ator Ives, as the figures complied at
loans of "American banks" in two years have increased i Republican headquarters indicate that
$2,500,000,000, or 11 per cent, cash on hand has decreased there are 861 ballots of this character
$150 000 000 lln ''isPu,e- tft ior Mr. Hunt and 105
I for Governor Campbell, making a ma
jority lr the former of four hundred
comparison tiie Holdings of the Federal Heserve banks, land seventy-one.
The answer comes in .the current report of the Comptrol- ! Th san,e ""rw- wh( n ask, u if tUis
I decision would not determine the con
fer of the Currency, whose statistical tables show that testi stated that their analysis showed
the board did not. These figures, exclusive of Reserve a clear majority of 815 at the close of
bank holdings, agree with the board's figures. But in
clusive of those holdings, $425,599,000 on June 30 last, it
appears that in the two years cash held by all American
banks increased by no less than $272,500,000, or 16.6 per
tent. But 1914 was a year of exceptionally large cash
amounts in banks. If comparison were made with 191:1,
the increase would be $351,000,000, or 22.5 per cent.
It is a praiseworthy service of the Reserve Board to
guard against ovcrconfidence and over-commitment by
commercial banks in fixed securities. But there is no
call in doing so to make the facts appear worse than they
; 4S0timmmmHmJm jH- w k
4 , . vp.rfri.f '5. -Q-in" .-.tT-JSK -iiHA - . v - - : j
BUFFALO BILL
Go.ie, iniieed, otir boyhood tilol.
Gone across the bi divide,
Gone across the silent river
Where there's neither wind nor tide.
HENRY FORD IN WAR.
As a man of peace the chief difference between Henry
Ford and the average Aremican is Mr. Ford's financial
resources. He spent money lavishly in what many people
regarded as a foolish attempt to end the war in Kurope.
He spent a fortune In this country in an endeavor to de
feat larger appropriations for national defense, his theory
being that they were not needed. t I
With one or two hundred millions at their disposal, J
many Americans, whether wisely guided or not, might
easily have used their money as he has done. The
American has the habit of peace. He regards was as an
evil, generally wrong in itself and usually unnecessary.
He will go a long distance out of bis way to escape a
needless fight, but no other man on earth has less fear of
a resort to force when, with right involved, there is no
appeal except to force.
Placing his great factories at the disposal of the gov
ernment in the event of war and offering to operate them
without profit, Mr. Ford exemplifies the American spirit.
He is what is called a pacifist. So practically all Ameri
cans are pacifists. But they are pacifists of whom na
tions devoted to militarism and aggression would do well
to beware.
the preliminary inspection in favor of Onward, westward, toward the sunset.
Governor Campbell. These tinres over prairie, hill and vale,
were arrived at after taking inU con- He has passed and gone forever,
siderat.'jn only those ballots that were Down the lonely, silent trail. j
undisputed except for a few minor '
errors in voting on amendments. Yps- ? is sone, the oM frontiersman,
Counsel for Governor Campbell yes- Noble hero of the West,
terday objected to four ballots bearing 0on' to J''" l'!s il,,nt comrades .
distinctive marks being counted for 0n lhe twilight scores of lest. ,
Mr. Hunt b'i! were overruled. Coun
sel also objected t'j the regular straight
Prohibition and Hunt ballots being
counted, but in this they were also
S,lAl-I1l1nr1 Hill,, t'..,.tnrn.. .-Iw..,. !
ed a piece torn out where the name O. how well we all remember j
and voting space of Governor Camp- j The gallant scout who knew no
bell had been printed. This ballot i feats, !
was taken under advisement by the ' Hiss Passing ijw will bring back '
court as Campbell's attorneys claimed I memories
that the preliminary inspection notes ' From the shores of jester years.
did not show, such a ballot. It was '
a split Republican ticket. j Yl's- w sl'e the-tired procession.
The court also took under advise- I SeP lhe nafl' Indian braves,
ment one ballot showing numerous Hear the war-cry, see the simple,
cross lines at the head of the Demo- j S,e tlle loIltl- wayside graves,
cratic column, which had been befor. I)alIIltless lm11 ,, p;tti(,nt wollll.n,
designated as attempted pencil eras- , Kestless, rovinf;, fPar,ss bani!,t
ur.s' Seeking homes in vast wasV p!a-es
.lumviirus uainua were lUKen under jn jne s
auvisemeni oy me court which were
endorsed as "void" or not voted" and Oh, what thoughts of hope forsaken,
signed by the election board. Ioos that scene to me recall.
The precinct of .N'aeo instead of siv- ! Weary men and haggard wom n,
ng a gain of one for Mr. Hunt as cal-
showed a net tain of one for (.Mvernor i t ossing unwaru towaru tne sunrct.
Li
LINCOLN;s PERSISTENCE
Abraham Lincoln exemplified the
practical value of persistence.
Determine to achieve good financial
results by regular bar.k deposits.
Start an account with us.
4 'c LNTEKEST PAID ON TDIE
DEPOSITS
sun-kissed western lands.
culated by his expert accountants. s,,tniingly about to fall
i
! B
Over prairie, hill anil vale.
They have vanished, he has followed,
Down the lonely, silent trail.
Dedicated by Ned White, Bisbee,
Arizona.
Campbell.
I Hunt's net gain in coinpliAed pre
cincts to date is ninety-seven, which
is ten less than the figures submitted
to the Supreme Court at the time or
the mandamus proceedings.
It should be understood that the rul
ings of the court which seem to favor
Mr. Hunt are largely made at this
stage of the proceedings in court on i The total number of vessels de- 1
ballots selected by the contestant's J slioyed in the period of submarine ,
attorneys and probably selected in the ' operations of February 1 to 9 inclu- I
light of .the first rulings made by the ive, is said to be S9. of which 1 !
judge where the disputed ballots did were neutral vessels. During that j
War Summary
OLD LAWS.
Down iir Ol' Virginia they still have a law in effect, if
not in use, that "any one who makes fun of a uiiuMcr
or who tires a guu on Sunday except at an Indian, shall
be fined 10 pounds of tobacco."
Probably in the days of the law's cnactmeut, if a iua:i
had used bis gun on Sunday to kill au Indian and had
delivered the goods, the 10 pounds of tobacco would have
become bounty for a meritorious service.
But Virginia not only protected its ministers from 1
levity and its Sundays from bullet holes; it has a most
excellent substitute for a breach-of-promise law. Under
it "any man who makes love to two women at the same
time shall be tied to a whipping post and receive twenty i
lashes."
Of course tbij d'w.-f not. mean making love t otwo woln
cu at th" ;;auie iu:tatit: "same, docs uot include immed
iate," as then tlv two women would make the other pen
alty unuecet-tary. It i;; uiui' d at philaudeic; ; the iu-ioQM.-'iut
aud Uirt-ititiu,
These laws t-t ill t-taud unrepealed aud probably have
more of real merit than a lot ol others p.ii-teU iu recent
years.
favor the contestant.
TURK ENVOY' WILL
GO IF WAR COMES
ti, ............. ..r t.iii i. ;nit. .,-.... .u I
,Mi i i,i in. iiiii i iiif, ,ii,i i in in , , i, i o i.
at least proof of persistency on the part of congress. It '
k. the thirteenth lime mhIi a measure Ij:k ptuscd the
lloute aud the twclltu time it has .u.;.:d the St Dale, aud
V. ii:-' t '.i'l'i'l:. t-.r i'. I'-uv'!: f.'t. idtatul cto.
t. win u xm.'t
period, ii is stated, more than l.ll'i
vessels arrived at or sailed un-
harmed from ports of the I'iiIim!
To American vessels, the Roches
t i- and Orleans, left New York on
Saturday for Pordeaux. Neither of
jtheiu was panned with red and white
j stripes as the German goertitiii'iit
h;id prescribed. The American line
aniioiiueed that none of that com
pany's ships Vould be sent across ,
the Atlantic unless the United States J V
.government provide convoys or gnus
and gunners to protect the vessels. J 4
1 No important military actions on
any of the fronts were reported riur
, ing the day. German artillery halted
'a French attempt to attack Hill .".c4.
and a minor attack by ihe French on
I'euper Uidge, north ol Verdun, was
repulsed. Artillery activity increased
ai several point., on the Fraueo Bel
gian I ; Ml I .-. Niinii roil.- ail'pl.ilie r Jills
are repotted behind ll-- l ri li h aud
tieruua line;.
With Money
I hat's the way wealth has been gained ever since the
world started.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is making money for you with the four per cent
interest which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT,
GROW!
Citizens Bank & Trust Company
Main Street Biabea. Arizona
Will E. McKee, Preaident C. A. McDonald, Caahltr.
O. W. Wolf, AaalaUnt Caahier.
SINTER EST I
Compound Interest is a powerful work
er. Every dollar will become TWO
DOLLARS if you simply leave it in this
Bank and give it the necessary time.
Open a Savings Account, and receive
4', Compound Interest.
Bank with us
Abdul Hussein Bry.
Ah'iu! I!.'. llnsNein H .: i.-.
iiarjre
V
The latest otti-il. .ir inneiU'lit of,
the Uermail- as piered' d by a heavy j V
aililliry I'o'nli.irdiiieiit but the l!r;t
ish maintained I'e'ir line Miceessliilly.
'Artillery activity as iii:uk il neiih
of tlie Somiric and ahum the Meiiso
in th' Veriiim sector
Soiilli of Kill el Aniar.i. in .Mesopot-
ann.i. t'-iili..li troops have takn addi-
i.::.i! rent. Ii i tl:e I km Unlv
!T:iirts; of (i.e Tuikirli I'lHWh-y at artillery e(ii;;ii e'Li -lit:. :i!e rep'Tttd
.'j;hi"'- " Ir on tL- o'b r v ji tL'-i'tr.-
QG0 ,?
RtViEW WANT 103 ARE B85HE55 mm
ft FIVE
TWO SACKS OF BEER, CONSPIRACY TO STOP LILLIAN GISH LEADS
LOTS OF BOOZE AND ' MINSTREL REHEARSAL COMPANY IN LATEST
TWO MEN NABBED ; AT T IS THWARTED TRIANGLE OFFERING
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 11, 1917.
Did " YovF Get One I
ALLEGED GAMBLER IS
t - FREED; POLICE STILL
ON TRAIL OF POKER
Officers, Snowed Under by
Testimony of Pangingi
Players, Lose Case, But De
clare They Are StUl on Job.
Francisco Daniel was found not
guilty on a charge of gambling at the
conclusion of his trial before Judge
M. C. Hiih yesterday afternoon. Daniel
was arrested several days ago by
Night Sergeant Kempton, M. E. Sbel
ton and "Tex" Barron. Kempton
testified yesterday that he had watch
ed Daniel deal "stud" poker several
V night ago in a Mexican pool hall on
O. K. street He said that when he
and the other two officers went into
the place they confiscated a stack of
poker chips and a deck of cards.
Kempton said that when they entered
the place one of the players had hid
the deck in a winder sill while the
others grabbed a pangingi deck that
was lying ton one corner of the table
and pretended to have been playing
that game. Kempton also testified
that a Mexican barber had stood in
Tront of the place and warned the
players, every time an officer ap
proached. Several Mexicans, who were playing
the night the place was raided, were
called by the defense and all testified
that they had been playing "pan,"
had never played poker in the place
and that the cards and chips Intro
duced by Kempton as evidence had
not been 1 taken from the place as
Kempton has testified. Kempton
stuck by his testimony, but, as all of
the players testified that they were
tinly playing pangingi. Judge High-immediately
dismissed the case at the
conclusion of the testimony.
"We're not a bit discouraged," said
Sergeant Kempton at the close of the
trial. "We know it's a hard proposi
tion to convict anyone of a gambling
charge, but we are going to keep right
on going after every place in the city
where gambling is permitted by the
proprietors."
County and City Officers Ar
rest H. A. Evans and Tim
Hodson in Raid on Brewery j
Gulch House Last Night
Big Jubilee Will Be Held in ; "Diane of the Follies" Is Name
Urpheum theatre reb. ot Unique otory or the
jCity and county officers raided a
house on Brewery Gulch last night,
j confiscated about 130 bottles of whis
key, more than two gunny sacks filled
with brer and placed H. A. Evans and
ITim Hodson in the county jail here
to answer to charges of bootlegging.
The raid was made by Night Sergeant
Kempton, Deputy Sheriffs "lied" C.an
n'on and ken Policy, Officer M. E.
Shelton and Billy Brakefield, of Low
ell. The house in which the men and
booze were found had been watched
for the previous four nights by She.1-
'ton until the latter was confident that
a large amount of booze was being
sold in the place.
Just before the raid last night, the
officers say, they stopped a man who
had just ielt the house after purchas
ing a two-dollar bottle of booze. Every
place where there is the slightest su
spicion that booze is being sold is be
ins closely watched by both police
and deputy sheriffs and the oliicers
are confident they will soon scare
every bootlegger out of Bisbee.
r- c ft.. 1
in opite or. Attacks
"Acute Fiminities."
f
GOVERNMENT DELAYS
SANCTION TO ARM SHIPS.
WASHINGTON", Feb. 10. State de
partment officials gave no indication
tonight tlha their aUitudc toward con
voying American merchant ships or
providing naval armament for them
has in any way been altered by the
decision of the American line to hold
its vessels in port. The department
has felt that the question of sailings
and armament was for the shippers
themselves to meet and there have
been no steps to provide convoys. The
increasing distortion of shipping, how
ever, has caused serious concern here,
and titer were evidences today that
the ultimate policy of the government',
had not been determined.
EL PASOANS HONOR FER3HING
Ask Art
HE KNOWS
EL PASO. Feb. 10. The people of
El Paso presented a silver service to
Major General J. J. Pershing at a
banquet in hi shonor here tonight, in
appreciation of his work with the
American expedition in Mexico.
Reducing the Cost
of Compressed Air
Power ends designed to utilize low grade fuel oils are a
feature of our N-SO Fuel Oil Driven Compressors. They
greatly reduce the cost of operation and increase the
sphere of usefulness of these machines.
N-SO Compressors quickly appeal to
mining men because of their. efficiency
and economical operation.
Ask
or
Bulletin
series
Schweitzer Machine Co.
Mining Mackinery Department.
135 So. Sixth Ave. - - Tucson, Arizona.
That there is a conspiracy among
the young women of Ilisbee to pie
vent the presentation of the Y Min
strel Jubilee is the sensational charge
made by the committee and Director
Rancourt. All indignantly deny that
there is any chance of the plot suc
ceeding. A sufficient number of the
minstrels remain true to their colors
and several have even asked that they
be not called to the telephone during
rehearsals, no matter who calls for
them. There are others who are suf
fering from ,a disease which Doc
Hawley describes as "acute femini
tis." They display every sign of
hopeless abandonment. They are ex
cellent performers, but the malady
interferes sadly with the rehearsals
and prevents them ghiag vent to the
art bottled up in their systems.
The Y physician has administered
a serum of h's own invention to sev
eral of the minstrels who have "feni
initis" in its incipient stages and it
seems to be having excellent results.
The doctor admits, however, that the
remedy is wholly inadequate to over
come the malady in its chronic stage.
Several times there has been a
ting-a-ling on the telephone and a
subsequent call to one of the boys to
leave his place in the circle while
the other members of the caste would
wait patiently, feeling sure that it
was not a call from an employer to
come to work at six o'clock the next
morning. Their worst fears would be
realized when the wayward minstrel
would re-i!pp"ar with nsickly smile
saying: "Good night fellows,. She has
a new porch swing."
"If all the young men in the ITnited
States would answer a iv.ll for vol
unteers with this swiftness our army
would be recruited to its full sttenyth
in fourteen minutes," stated a mem
ber of the committee. What are you
going to do about it ? asked someone.
"Do about it," was the answer, "say
we have four lawyers, six doctors,
nine efficiency engineers, twelve
walking delegates, and the entire
commercial club on the case right
now and we are on our way to see
Mayor Adams in an effort to get a
special ordinance, passed to cover this
case."
Mayor Adams met the committee
and listened gravely to their com
plaint. "Why don't you put a telephone
man on the job?" he asked.
The committee, looked blank for
a minute and then a great light broke
on their mentality. "The very thing."
they exclaimed.
This explains why the telephone in
the rehearsal hall will be out of com
mission from now oi until the night
of the Y minstrel Jubilee, February
24, at the Orpheum theater.
Theatre Which will Appear
Tonight at the Central.
One of the peculiar features of
"Diane of the f.illies," which appears
for today only at the Central theatre. I
Lowell, the new Triangle-Fine Arts :
picture starring Lillian Gish, is the i
fact that the scenes are laid in two
"locations."
A theatre, comprising stage, dress
ing rooms and auditorium, and the
home of a young millionaire provide !
the entire setting of the play. It is !
I interesting ro rote that the latter set. i
! showing four rooms, covered more j
i floor space than three ordinary theatre
I stages.
j The Majestic theatre, in Los Ange-;
i les, gave the proper environment for '
! Miss Gish's interpretation of Diane,
,the chorus girl, while a severe but
rich and beautiful dining room, draw
j ing io:n, library ar.d boudoir were
especially constructed and furnished
to provide the home surroundings for
the gay and frivolous wife of the
i psychologist-millionaire.
! Sam de Grasse, as Phillips Christy,
'the young husband, portrays the thor-
lough aristocrat task of attempting tj
j bring his chorus girl wife to his own
1 ..li I ..... ...! ...tuition in rAew (a .1 u.
cAdit u ?'j iai jivijivivi vi uv t
j monstrate his pet theory that environ-
ment is the answer to culture.
Lillian Langdon is the sister of Phil- '
lips Christy, who maintains an air t
coldness and deliberation maddening I
to Diane, the breezy, free-spirited crea- j
ture, who like a butterfly flits about !
the great house and gradually drifts
back to her old associates of the theatre.
MOVIE VILLAIN SURE
TO WIN IN THE END
Bad Man of Fox Photoplay
"The Mischief Maker"
Gets Even With Hero.
Our GOLD BOND Suits
Are Guaranteed to Give Perfect Satisfaction in every
way.
We Make Good any suit that Does Not Satisfy the
customer. "
Regular $30 Suits can be bought from us at
No More . .
. No Less
Come in and let us show you that you are throwing
your money away when you pay more than Twenty.
We carry Every New Style Made in Beautifully
Designed Fabrics.
I1
31 ;
J
5
1 1 i
i Ma fa &.
ft
Cv-7
Mm
, mm tf
itr.42l&f
(; iif r : 1
r &r & , set i m
ways
V.. -
MAIN STREET
SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAY
BISBEE
UNIVERSAL SERVICE
BILL RECOMMENDED'
.' V..V!'Y LEGHORN IS SIMPLY TRIMMED
PREPARING BILLY
1 OR DRIVE ON SATAN
ARTHUR L. FLAGG,
Consulting KngiiU'cr and General Malinger of the
GREAT RAY
ICOPPER CO.
peports to the Company's Directors on progress of mine development
us follows:
"Wjthin the past sixty days ISO feet of development wtrk has
been done in driving tunnels. Out cf this ISO feet,
ONE HUNDRED AND SIXTY FEET HAS BEEN
IN ORE,
occurring as chalcopyrite associated with pyrite in a light colored
schist. This ore is persistent in all the workings.
Over a mile of substantial road has been constructed, connecting
the property wltb the. county roads to allow of drilling rigs being
placed on the ground.
Two bouses Iihvc been (n. tructed xti the Company's townsite.
AO adequate supply ot pure water for domestic purpose:- has been
developed, which wjl! b! piped lor pravily flow to th'- towm-lte.
The result of development work has been comieuMy ;;jtifa;t'iy.
in that it bears out predictions m-jdc tor the future el the pivpvrty ty
rs engineer.-
Drilling to de(M mit!" qujn'itv and Ujhtv ot ore at drp'h will l"
cornuienced Jus t aJ i"..n as timi liiucrv ia!i be placed oil lh cround.
T.'ie Managenient and tocklioldcrs of the (Jrcat Hay hae pood reason
for elation oer the outlook tor life property".
The Company' stock is selling for it) cents per bharc.
' Leave bubscriptious with
t-T f
i; ' S
; f , r-
"I'll gtt you jet, you hero," cried
John Keinhard. after the new William
Fox ph'Jtoplay, "The Mischief Maker," I
wliicli plays again touay ai me uojai
theatre, was completed. He referred
merely to Harry Benham, who plays
opposite June Caprice in the picture.
"Si?e tiiat man there?" Jleinhard
said to a bystander, pointing to Ben
ham. "Well, he has always beat mfi
in the end, though I know that I'm
a better man than he is. It's the
irony of fate that forces that fellow
to use his ptA)r strength on me. I'll
get him yet."
Fate has really been ironical with
Benham and Reinhard. They have
acted live or six photoplays together,
and. as Keinhard said, in every one
of them he had to submit to a drub
bing at the hands of the hero. Such
is the penalty paid by a villain.
The Eternal Villain.
Strange as it may seem, Reinhard
has had villainous intentions through
most of his life. His earliest ambi
tion was to become a chemist and he
acknowledges, in confidential mo
ments, that he harbored this ideal for
the express purpose of learning how
to blow up .some f -nc persons he
did not like.
Finding that the laboratory offered
toj many chances of being caught,
Keinhard changed his mind and his
career, and began the study of law. A
legal light, he knew, rould find loop
holes where other men say stono
walls. But the work was too confin
ing, and did not allow play for the
young man's fine voice. So' he de
serted, and turned to the stage.
Then began a n'Jted musical comedy
career, in which the actor played lead
ing parts with "It Happened in Nord
land." "About Town," "The Oirl Bo
hind the Counter," Algeria." "Miss
Innocence," "Madame Sherry,' and
several other successes.
About this time musical comedy be
gan to get light and humorous, and
the role of the heavy lost a great deal
of iis evil aluc. The tilms were beck
oning. Movie villains ami iiiagniticent
roles got enormous salaries.
John Reinhard w itched.
That is how he came to be pl.i.Mus
the beavy in "The Mischief Maker."
He gut. plenty of opportunity to dis
play bid villainy tin re.
L. J. OVERLOOK
Pi .-!'""
and SMITH & MACGREGOR,
i Massaging Billy Sunday' throat.
Great sireers and public peakrj
inyst have heir throat .v.uscle con
stantly watchor1 sn c"n1 for and
the fiev. 3illy Snidav belonir in the
fcte-rulV Of 2Teat Dtiblic "e:jkTS.
it Ne has his privit; mass'"" who
Massages the evanevVt's throat
jaily to keep it t:i condition.
DEVICE INVENTED
(Continued From Tage One)
to those of the naval consulting board.
One of the first things to be done at
the inee'ting here was to effect a per
manent organization under the new
law with Thomas A. Udisou as presi
dent. Peter Cooper Hewitt, vjee-prrs-idetit,
W. - Saundcr.i, charm-in ol
the board, aud Tlionia.i liobius. secretary.
VISMIS TO WAR iOUl
MAU'OItT .K.WS, Va., Feb. in.
Four American seamen arc on the
British sleainer St. .iichaclj which
let I here toda.v for lnulcm. Three
otl.er -'.l:cd sleamtis hit port but
none had on hoard Amerieans. accord-i-o
tj t'..i; i::it:U uu touul.
!-half the total reiuired period, I
be allowed. The applicant j
(Continued From Page One)
prisoument for each offense is provid- j
ed for violation of any section of the ;
act except that those who evade
training when liable for it must serve
a longer term.
In Reserve After 28
For nine years, or u,nlil he has
passed his Sth year, each reservist
would be required to report in per
son annually to the registration au
thorities of his military district. In
case of war the youngest classes
would be called first. After his 28th
year a reservist would pass Into the
greatbod yo f the unorganized militia,
subject only to the general laws.
The bill provides no organization
after the troops leave training, but
the president is given wide latitude
in this regard. Xo changes in the
present national guard system are
provided for.
To encourage preliminary military
traininp utwh a that pivpn in schools
credit to a maximum of three months, '
or one
might
could elect either army or navy ser
vice, his wishes to be carried out as
nearly as possible. Specific prohibi
tion is made against the use of the
force in strikes or other -industrial
disputes.
Officers and enlisted men of the
regular services could be commanded
in the citizen army but would receive
the pay of their grades only while on
active duty, not during training pe
riods. The sale of intoxicating liquors to
a member of the citizen army or
navy while in uniform is forbidden.
Another feature is that the men who
have completed their training would
be enlisted to wear a rosette showing
the class to which they belong.
Army Men Disapprove
Officials of the general staff are in
clined to disapprove the bill, partic
ularly because of the six mom lis train
ing period. They declared th;.t even
the year minimum fixed in the staff
plan contemplated enly ."' per cent
of the efficiency of the averase Furo
pean requirement for training.
Not Enough Officers
The staff oliicers are inclined also
to fed that inadequate provision is
mad" for Irainiim personnel. , force
of r.iio.oiiit men. tlicv say. reouiri s a
minimum of 17.'"0 nfiieers, at lea:l
lifty per cent of wboru iuti.-.t b- pro
fessional soldiers if anything reseni- '
bling inicnshc training is to be c-j
en nr :ix months. The fill commis
sioned strength of tb" rcsnlir army
und'T the national detense art will be
less than l.O'iO officers and it is
pointed o'lt Ilia it &o(in t)f (iec were
to be detached for training purposes
for six months out of each year, train
ing of the regulars or any use of that
force would be viitually impossible,
it is understood that l!ic tart bill
tal:es t'jre ..;ints iiUo i i, deration.
!
AMERICAN SHIPS 5T ILL. i
.L3' YORK. Feb 1" Vd.1c:-. Mr
I. t'!'''d !: vru'U'-nt proudc..
com m; 'T a'l'l- in'J e'lll'I' I;. t'"1 pl-
to.-l ; , 'lip; the AU" !. .Jt h.jr (,!,
er: el lie- i te:jiU! ijiji., ,;i L"U. v''
Taul. aud oilier Inn is. will ml ; . -ml
lliclii acros.s the Atlantu-. it w.i. an
nounced here t day by I". A. S. Frank
lin, president of the International Mer
cantile Marine. This liieisioii was
leailieil alter th- laii.iie ot 'owners
to provide their own deteusie anna
:;!:t. Mi. t'u!;!.!'li ;j:J
W.
f I
i I
L SiiM:'; :4'--3
v...- il HUhfcm -' - - ' ' - '
i
-4 - 4 I
This dainty lejrrorn is n::oed m fr;'nt just where frrit.-. i:i colors rr
clustered, and iei.t p in the lack where ive bow of ;i:rik lil.ton m poi.-.:.
from which hung lor.g stica.m is. Lvei;. ne Viiroii is Ll;j s;-me of tiuj cre.i-tioiu
V
WORLD'S GREATEST TEMPERANCE BEVEKASE
Trv It Yonce Blace Tanhauser unJ Hicr
' : side by eacli Dare vos such
exactness, I don't peleef tlare vo3 von man in
ten tousanJ dot could tell vich vos der uder.
Ask For It Demand It Accept no sub-
stitute. It c6sfs
the dealer more, but it's worth it. Sells same
price as otlur similar beverages.
ill
ITS
1- . -Tt h
r.--i C.i 4 P. 3 j
Sold Everywhere
r
BIS3EE SMOKE
HOUSE
Distributors
chise County.
Phone 191
la?
s
REMEMBER GILMAN'S
BIG DOLLAR WINDOW
FOR MONDAY.
TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE
MANY BARGAINS OFFERED. SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 11, 1917.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
NEW YORK. Feb. 10 Business on Metals Market
tbe stock exchange today tlwindlod j xew YORK, Fob. 10. Copper is
to the Insignificant total of 1S2.000 i ptrons: electroytic nearby ?,?.r?.
shares, of which I'nited States steel Third tiunrters .HfTSi
and a few other favorites contributed
almost forty per cent. Next Monday's
holiday and the complicated interna
tional situation acted largely for the
extreme apathy.
The tone was irregular throughout,
steel and a few war specialties as
'some of the lush grade rails, evincing
a fair decree of strength.
People's Gas of Chicago supple
mented it reonf break with a
Hnr silver
iRy I- J. Overlook).
New York
Anaconda 74
American Can 42s
American Car f2
American I.oeo 704
American Smelter 97
American Sugar IOC
fur-' Atchison 101",
ther loss of almost six points. Air
liruke dropped six points, P.ethklnTn
steel four: Saxon motors 1:1. Tiatrett
atid company 4S4 and An erican Ann-, p . o.
cultural Chemical preferred three. I,. p g.
Shippings were strong and coppers Canadian Pacifi
Ohio
Palfimore R
T'.aldwin
IVthlehem Slecl
7S'4
91
r.s'K
ir.2
. - . . . ... . I tilltlUltlll i hi iin .............. j - --
vrvrc active and generally higher. rcrucible !"'.', j V rde Extension
Putte London 20
Cat. K Jerome 11
Cornelia
Iienn 1-7
fnindi-e 1"
F.mma 1'i
Poriuna 1"
Gadsden ." 2Vi
C. Island 6"
!. Monster l'6
Cold Heed 5
Howe Sound "
! Hull 40
Indiana Needles 'i
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor 1
Ma em a CO
Magma Chief IJ
Miami Consolidated '27
Mons. Chief (.
j Pittsburg Jerome ',.
; Pay Mercantile 4
; Santa Rita Vi
j Tarbov 10
; Tom Rood lS.r,
I Culled Eastern 41
j Cnited Western
The bank statomenl was the most
noteworthy exhibition in many w eks
actual leans showing tbe enormous
contraction of $7H,t'.n:!,iMio and net de
mand deposits a decrease of $104.
594.000. Weekly reports of the mer
cantile authorities denote a continu
ance of a.-tiviiy, tempered by hesiUi-
lu'stillers 26'A
Erie 2
Goodrich
General Motors 104
Indiana Alcohol 124
Marine 22
Marine Preferred C7
Maxwell 61
tion arising from foreign conditions. I Mexican Petroleum S9
The bond market was irregular with I Midvale 53 'i
total sales, par value, $1,770,000. j Xew York Central 9314
All United States and Panama bond j Northern Pac ific 10:!
issues were luwer by 4 to IVi per J Pennsylvania 54
' cent on call. j Reading 91
VRep Steel 75
-Wheat I '
prices ran up swiftly tod-iy, influenc- -.Z,'
, . . - .... ............. .i... Steel 10:.V
eu to a targe exLt-m. iiy itjmiii?, nuii
the British government had command- j
eered numerous South American line
Chicago Grains
CHICAGO, February 10.-
steamships. and would undertake to
convoy from Cnited States ports to
Kurope as many cargoes of food
stuffs as might be required. After
an extreme advance of 5 cents a
bushel the market closed strong at
pains of 2'i to S net with May at
1.74 to 1.7 I'i and July 14!):'i to
1.50.
Other commodities, too, finished
hither corn up Ts to 14 to lGil-"
and provisions 12(u25 cents.
Right from the outset, the market
was on the -upgrade, and there was
active buying on the part of houses
with seaboard connections. Predic
tions were circulated that a decided
improvement of railway conditions
soon would be forthcoming. Besides
gossip was current of a big merchant
fleet that the entente allies had as
sembled off the Virginia Capes.
Crop damage complaints from the
southwest tended throughout the day
to handicap the wheat bears.
Lightness of offering had a bullish
influence en cr.rn. !t was said ctun
try owners displayed signs of a grow
ing belief that export demand shortly
would be . much enlarged. Seaboard
clearances for the day were immense
about 1.250,000 busheis.
Strength of oats was due to a con
siderable degree to reports that the
southern winter oats crop had been
badly damaged by cold weather.
Provisions climbed with hogs and
grain. The chances of better ship
ping facilities, gave renewed confi
dence to buyers.
Steel Preferred 1177i
St. Paul .. 80 ',4
Southern Pacific 91"
Verde Combination
Warren . . . . . . . .
Woherlon Arizona
9
lis
BOSTON. Feb. 10. Trading in
R-oston market in today's session was
of a pre-holiday character, strong
features were Taramack. Atlantic
Gulf and United Fruit. The gap is
gradually being closed up in price for
Tamarack to the $60 offer ex-dividend
to be announced shortly by Cal
umet and Hecla. Atlantic Gulf and
West Indies and Fruit both now earn
ing at rate of $50 a share. With no
important developments market will
do better Tuesday.
PAINE. WEBBER & CO.
Union Pacific . 134
United Fruit 137
tinned states Marine Ar?n
Westinghouse SI 14 I Adams
I
Oatman
(By Collins & Brethprton)
, Rid
Boston
Adventure 3
Allouez , CI
Alaska 7'i
Arizona Commercial 13V-1'
American zinc 25
Butte 44
Chicago & Alton 7S
Chicago & Milwaukee 545
C. Range - 61';
Chino ' 52'Si
East Rutte 13'.i
Granby SO
G. Can 40'i
Gold field 66
Hancock . . . 15
Indiana IS
Inspn 54
Kennecott 43 Vi
Keweenaw ' 3 i.
Lake 13 "
La Salle 3
Miami ....... ?.6
Mohawk 80
i Mayflower . . . 2i
i Nevada 26
I East Butte 20
' Nip 7V6
Old Dominion 59
Quincy 87
Itay Consolidated 25
Shannon '. 8V4
.T. .
il6
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
JEROME
AXD
Oatman
Stocks
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
! Shattuck 25
I Superior Boston 6
Tamarack 56
Utah Copper 106
Utah Consolidated 17&
Winona 4
Curbs
Arkansas & Arizona 30
Big Ledge 4
Big Jim 1
Arizona Rex
Arizona Tom H.
Hie Cim
Boundary Cone
Carter Gold
Fessenden
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff
Ivanhoe ..
Lucky Boy
Merry Widow
Oatman Combination ...
Sunnyside . . .
Telluride
Tom Reed J.S6
United Eastern
United Northern
United Western
.05
1.23
.19
.05
,10
.05
.10
4.00
.05
.03
Other Curbs
Gadsden 2.50
Green Monster 1.42
Rutte London ' .20
Dundee . 1.62
Venture Hill . .
Pittsburg Jerome ....
Jerome Verde ........
Arkansas Arizona . .'.
Jerome Portland
Ins. Needles .......,.
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
Wolverton Arizona ..
Miami Mother Lode .
Verde Combination ..
Miami Consolidated .
Bisbee Copper
Butte Arizona
Louisiana Arizona
Santa Cruz Bisbee
Jerome Daisy
Warren 9.00
Nacozari Consolidated . .
.,50
1.50
.30
.31 "
.40
.50 '
.05
Ask.
.08
.17
1.26
.25
.06
.10
.15
.06
.10
.10
.18
.20
.07
.05
2.75
150
.21
1.75
.17
1.00
1.56
.35
.50
'.42
.45
.62
1.55
.50
1.00
".32
1.00
.73
.27
GERMANY'S NEW U-BOAT ACTION BRINGS
DUTCH FACE TO FACE WITH STARVATION
Don t Buy j
MOTOR STOCKS
until you read our Market Letter.
We are specialists in the better :
class of automobile truck and
tractor company stocks. We can !
give you full information and will ;
be glad to write you regarding any
stock that you own or wish to buy!
or sell Our weekly Market Letter j
contains information regarding a',
great many companies, and it will1
pay you to read this Market Letter
every week. If you have idle
money for investment, or if you ar
in the habit of investing $10 or
more monthly, read our Market
Letter before buying. Mention this
paper and send your name and
address immediately, and we will
mail our Mafket Letter tree every
week lor ten weeks. Write today.
WM. J. WILSON & COMPANY
Department C
341-347 Fifth Ave., New York City.
. - Z. - HAARLEM Jf
THE WJJ
4 ir
U lit.
war" I
m 1, j
COLOGNE.
NEXT IN LINE
DUNDEE-ARIZONA (SEE MAP) NOW IN POSITION TO SHIP 200 TONS A DAY
Great Verde Extension
ISc
LOWEST PRICED CLOSE-IN
THE
STOCK IN THE VERDE DISTRICT
IF LOCATION
EVE4TH IN A STRAIGHT LINE- 2S MILES LONG.
! united VJe verde " '
SVERDE COPPER ' " co GREATf
"COPPER ''AK J COMPANY I & VErtDEl rtfA?
COMRMIY-r XT -L-fe COPPER CO
Supt. James W. Hubbard of the DC NDEE-ARIZONA says: "At a
pinch wevcould produce two hundred tons a day. Tiie way to handle
this is with a steam shovel "
His contention, and that of otln rs familiar with the DUNDEE-ARIZONA,
is that it is an immense steam shovel proposition.
"Not enough work Jias been done yet to determine the total tonnage of
the DUNDEE-ARIZONA'S surface blanket, but it is certainly tremen
dous." The ore runs from four to six per cent. This is on the surface. In
the shaft the ore was cut at 65 feet and continued to 1S5 feet, and
averaged four and five per cent
Great Verde Extension is next in line. Mining men now say that the
DUNDEE-ARIZONA suriace ore continues right into this property.
While not yet definitely determined, the indications warrant the belief
that the assertion is well founded in fact.
What this means to buyers of GREAT VERDE
FIFTEEN CENTS is of the utmost importance.
EXTENSION at
It is quite possible that before the sale of this offering (which is being
made to supply funds for financing the development of the property,
is closed, a decided advance in price will be warranted.
These shares have been, set aside for the purpose mentioned and the
price is not considered as any indication of their real value.
Making a life's income from a small investment in copper stocks is
not done by buying them after a mine has been developed, but by buy
ing into good properties in the beginning.
Copper is going up. No real authority has been bothered by the lull of
'the last month. Prices are again advancing. The same authorities
say it will stay up for many years.
JEROME MAP FREE
Mail me, FREE, your bandy map of Jerome
District and a copy of "Copper Dollars."
Name ,
Street
Town and State
A. C Anderson
Agent
located in W. N.
Edwards' Real
Estate Office,
Brewery Gulch,
Bisbee, Arizona
Even with copper at fifteen tents a pound. Jerome mines make tre
mendous profits. That is why Jerome stocks, when representing good
prospects, are readily bought by those who know.
GF.EAT VERDE EXTENSION is one of the exceptionally good pros
pects. It is almost in the center of the strongest and best financed
development in the camp.
It is in a direct line with the two great producers, and within a few
hundred feet of the latest to enter the list of producers, the DL'NDKK
ARIZONA. The management includes as president. Mr. W. P. Geary, recently re
signed from the Arizona Corporation (Blue Sky) Commission; Mr. O.
S. Wakeiing of the Arizona Mine Supply Co., as treasurer, aud Mr.
W. B. Yurick, M. E., formerly manager of one of the Cobalt Mines, as
secretary.
This special offering is limited to 2(10.000 shares, set aside to provide a
strong fund for financing development. A good portion of t.':is has
already been sold.
When this amount is all sold (these shares are held in trust, subject
to requirements of the Arizona Corporation Commission), the regular
offering will be made at not less than THIRTY CENTS probablv at
FIFTY CENTS a s!iar.
Here is a real opportunity to inak UNITED VERDE EXTENSION
profits over again by buying fhee shares at FIFTEEN CENTS but
the bujing must be done now. not after GREAT VERDE EXTENSION
becomes a mine.
s
Write for a copy of "Copper Dollars" and the handiest map of tlu
Jerome District both free.
Make your remittances payable to Lie BANK OF JEROME. We must
reserve the right to reject or reduce any and all subscriptions.
MAKE ALL CHECKS TO THE BANK OF JEROME
BANK OF JEROME. Jerome. Arizona.
.1917.
Gentlemen: Herewith find $ for sharej
of capital stock of GREAT VERDE EXTFZNSION COPPER CO.. ownd
by the Great Verde Extension Syndicate, and deposited in trust witit
Robert K. Porter, meantime sending me a Trustees' Receipt, whicn
will be exchanged for the snares when the trust is terminated.
100 shares are $ 1.Y00
2.10 Shares are 37.50
500 Shares are 7.V00
1.000 Shares are 150.00
1.500 Shares are 750.u0
10.000 Shares are 1500.00
USE THIS FORM TELEGRAPH IF AT A DISTANCE
Great Verde Extension Syndicate
MAIN OFFICES Room 3 Shea Building JEROME, ARIZONA
EDISON IS SEVENTY
TODAY AND WORKING
FOR "UNCLE SAMUEL"
Map of Holland and Queen
ilheli.iina.
Germany's latest U-boat edict has
brought Holland face to face with
the possibility of starva.ion. The
Dutch government has prohibited all
vessels from leaving port. Fishii.g
trawlers have been called home. Only
a narrow jjateway is left open to
England.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
ORANGE, N. J.. Feb. 10. Thomas
A. Edison, who will be seventy years
old tomorrow, was the guest of honor
at a banquet given in his workshop
tonight by more than two thousand
of his employes and business associa
ates. Letters of congratulation and
goon will were read from President ,
Wilson and many others of note from
all parts of the Wjrld.
Mr. Edison made a brief speech in
which he thanked his "felow workers"
for their loyalty and their remem
brance of bis birthday. He added:
"I feel fine and I am working hard
Just now lor my Uncle Samuel
A letter from President Wilson ad
dressed to the chairman of the com
mittee In charge was as follows:
"I wish with all my heart that I
might be present to take part in
celebrating Mr. Kdis'on's seventieth
birthday. It would be a real pleasure
to be able to say in public with what
deep and geulne admiration I have
followed his remarkable career of
achievement I was an undergraduate
at the university when his first inven
tions captured the imagination of the
world, and ever since then I have re
tained the sense of magic which what
he then created in my mind. He
seems already has made an indelible
i impression on the history of applied
I science and I hope that he has many
! years yet before him in w hich tp
j make his re.rd still more remark
I able."
ATTORNEY CHARGED WITH
EMBEZZLING $100,000
SACRAMENTO. Cal.. Feb. 10. Th" ,
arrest at Starkville, Colorado, of A. '
j C. Hoyle, until recently a local attor
. ney. was announced here today by the
police. He is charged with embezzle
ment of $100,000 in a complaint sworn
to by Thomas W. Hudspeth, a client
here. The police say that numerous
; other similar complaints have been
made and set $100,000 as the amount
of Doyle's alleged misappropriations.
Try a Little Review Want Ad.
Bring Results.
'bey
OFFICES:
Bisbee
Douglas
Globe
Jerome
Prescott
Phoenix
P. O. BOX 279
Direct Wire Connection with
Jerome and All Our Offices.
R. ALLYN LEWIS
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL. BISBEE.
JOHN A. CAMPBELL. Manager.
BONDS, STOCKS, INVESTMENTS
Order Executed fcr Cash or on Proper Margin
E. F. Hutton & Co. 'a Private
Leased Wire to All Exchangee
CORRESPONDENT
E.F. Hutton & Co.
Member New York
Stock Exchange
TELEPHONE
135 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY .MORNING, FEBRUARY 11, 1917.
SEVEN
A
. i
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under thu iead t the rate of I cent per word for each
saae with a minimum charg of 25 cents. Advertisements mrst reach Tot
t1iw oPicp not later than p.a for Insertion In the new morning paper
Wanted
WANTED Chambermaid experienced
Lowell hotel. 399 j
WANTED TO RENT Furnished '
house. Mr. Griffith, phone 603. 406
WANTED When wanting help or
wanting employment call up 626.
3S5 j
WANTED Work of any kind by
strong boy of 16. Apply L. H., Re
view. 333
WANTED By a lady, a room close
in. Prefer private family. Address
S. B.. Review. 346
WANTED To trade house and lot in
Herniosa Beach, California, for Bis
lee property. Box 277, Bisbee. 342
WANTED A contractor to build a
cement block bungalow. Wilbur
McLean, Crescent Hotel. 1S7
WANTED Large second tent and
work harness. Address C. H. M.,
Review. 353
WANTED Capable, companionable
woman for housework in Don Luis,
small family. Inquire Y. W. C. A.
Bisbee. 336
WANTED At once, 3 girls for pri
vate families; 1 short order cook,
good wageB. New Employment Of
fice, 85 Main St 329
WANTED Lady housekeeper, also
help tend store, good home and
good wages. Inquire ' Home Indus
try Furniture store, will be open
today, opposite Bank of Lowell. 393
WANTED Man with i200. can make ,
$150 month, no competition, steady j
position, rigid investigation solicit-,
ed. I mean business. Address W.,
care Review. 334
WANTED. HOARDERS2 Mrs. C. A.
Miller has taken over the Cottage .
BAarding house and will run it as '
a first-class eating place. Board j
$1.00 per day. Single meals, 35c. I
402 '
Position Wanted
WANTED Chauffeur wants to drive j
private car. Can give best of ref- ;
erences. M. A, W., Review office. !
390
WANTED Work, can do anything,
understand team, car driving, but
will do any kind of work. Address '
Work, care of Review. 389 '
Furnished Room :
FOR RENT
Main. -1 housekeeping room 85 4.
332
FOR RENT One man cabin,
Naco road. Holbrook stop.
176
355
FOR RENT House and furniture for
sale. R. E. Lane, Bakerville. 338
FOR RENT Room,
or two gentlemen.
Naco road.
suitable for one
Holbrook house
398
FOR KENT Furnished room, bouse-
keeping privileges. Apply after one
p. m.. 123 Quarry Canyon. 354
FOR RENT Nice sunny furnished
room for one or two gentlemen. Ap
ply 55 Roberts Ave. 344
FOR RENT Furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. Terrace Room
ing house. ' 103 i
FOR RENT Furnished housekeeping j
rooms, lights and wafer, reasonable
no hills. Bailey Hotel, Brewery j
Ave. 30f J
.
LOST
LOST K. P. watch charm,
leave at Review.
Reward
Business Chances.
BE YOUR OWN MASTER Stop
wage slavery. Formulas and in
structions for manufacturing six
big sellers ami 100 opportunities
sent for lot Charles Cook, 417 j
Van Nuys Itldg, Los Angeles, Cal. j
357 i
FETEY DINK Looks Like
For Sale.
FOR SALE Furniture, Mrs. Williams
Clawson Ave. 278
FOR SALE Canary birds, Holbrook
house, Naco road. 397
FOR SALE Lots, inquire at
house Roberts Ave. Terms.
last
341
FOR SALE 4 room house cheap,
close in, near car line. Phone 554.
335
FOR SALE cheap, 65 Homers and
Cameaux's pigeons. Harry Fisher,
Don Luis. 236
FOR SALE 4 room modern house in
good condition, bargain. See M,
C. High. 331
FOR SALE Save rent by buying this
house. Easy payments, nice loca
tion. G. X., care Review. 347
FOR SALE 3 lots on Mason hill on
terms, T. M. Skoog, 236 Tombstone
Canyon. 356
FOR SALE Buick touring car. Mod
el C-37, 1915. Apply P. O. Box 726
or Phone Green 475 Warren. 229
FOR SALE Upright Emerson piano,
mahogany case $145. Terras if re
quired. Mrs. B., Bisbee Review.
339
FOR SALE OR TRADE 124 acres';
planted land it miles west of
Hereford, water and- fenced. , Ad-1
dress Scott Adams, city. 400
FOR SALE 5 room house and large
front lot, 12 Tomc&me Canyon.
Vric S-'jWnujce oT 3.
chard- cafeh- 'yC '
G. Prit
. 391
FOR SALE One used, piano, i45.
$70 cash, $6 per month. No Inter
est. WV..'Sfjijj', next Wells' Far so.
- . " -. . .. --360
FOR SALENcw , Washburn piano.
bench and scarf, $250; $1,0 cash. $6
per month. . No interest. W. Mulr,
Next Wells Fargo. 358
! FOR SALE $650 Player piano. Near
I ly new, $450. $25, cash., $10. per
month. No interest W. Muir, Next
Wells Fargo. 359
FOR
SALE House and two lots.
house in good condition, price 'rea
sonable. For particulars inquire at
Geo. Matzell, No. 49 J. E. T. Ave..
Johnson Addition. 242
FOR SALE Lots on Winwood Add.
An ideal location for families
Terms $10.00 down and' $10.00 a
month. Mrs. Winwood, Winwood
Add. 184
FOR SALE OR TRADE Fine bey
mare, weight about 1350. sound,
gentle, work or ride. Will sell or
trade tor 1916 Ford. Box 304 Tomb
stone, Ariz. 208
FOR SALE 2 lots in Salt Lake City.
Utah, good location close in. will
accept Ford auto as part payment,
balance monthly payments. For
particulars inquire F. J. Keogh, old
Mason shop. LovelI. 377
FOR SALE Cheap for cash only,
1915 Stearns Knight five passenger
touring car in first class condition,
fully equipped two extra tires apd
rims, four tires practically new.
Inquire R. J. Kelly, Brophy Garage
& Supply Co.. Lowell. 277
FOR SALE New residence with
three rooms, bath, large closet, gas,
lights, water and sewer connections.
Just completed, price $1300. One
half cash, balance $12 per month.
Address Box 52 if interested. Bisbee
Arizona. 345
BEAUTIFUL SEASHORE HOME
SITES. ONLY $20 Special sale
lots at Alamo Beach. Texas, fam
ous Bayshore resort. First 100
lots $20. Terms $1 cash. $1 month
ly. Lots 50x140 feet. Splendid in
vestment. Write for free literature
and views. Alamo Beach Com
pauy, 411 First National Bank,
Houston. Texas. 310
He Will Have to Wrap Up in
lWia? Twe -avtV . fZL i hawk x
Them right J - v JTTJ "'nc ts packed a Uath V-1 I
Miscellaneous
Learn actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A., Los Angeles. Cat
alogs free. 955
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for all
kinds of work in our line. Pat Clea
rv. manager Box 1495. Phone 720.
FOR SALE Lockie House, School
Hill. Terms. Apply R. T. Lockie,
1011 East Boulevard, El Past), Tex.
(434)
fUK BALE Hignesi caau yucca yn
tor .econd hand furniture, stoves,
clothing and tools. Uncle JlmV
Brewery Gulch. U
High grade portraits, up to date
frames. E. Bushong, Bailey Hotel,
Box 2149. 281
CATTLE AND SHEEP MEN, ATTEN
TION! Cottonseed meal and cake
for sale in any quantity. For fur
ther Information write or wire
First National Bank of Yuma, Ariz.
270
rOKNlTUKE t'OK SALE Tne John
son Addition Furniture Co. wanu
to pay you the highest cash price
lor your second hand turniuire. Al
so wants to trade or exchange you
new furniture for your old. We will
veil you furniture cheaper thai
anyDoay on easy payments. Can
in ax tne big brick ouilding at tue
jutmsun Addition and let us snow
you our large, and selected stock oi
House turmsniugs, or phone us at
' pur store, f noue 3So, junuson Au
diuon.
A MILLION DOLLARS FOR SMALL
INVESTORS Would you invest
with a man whose enterprises have
paid as high as 300 per cent a month
to shareholders. Hoffman com
panies made a million dollars pro
fit, for small investors. The Hoff
. man' Oil &'. Refining corporation, or
ganized , by the same man, offers
the. opportunity. $10 shares now at
special . prices of $2.50 each. For
particulars, write J. E. Fowler. In
vestment Banker, 303 First Nation
al' Bank Bldg., Houston, Texas. 311
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
... vv nlTMDt, Lawyer, Rooms E-t
Aiieu Block, Open evenings, Phone
oil.. (109)
Contractor and builder. W. F.
Phone Green 46S. 21 O. K.
White.
Street.
27
ME MOOSE HOTEL (Old Kinney
House) Furnished rooms $2 pel
. week and np, with gas; also light
nousefceeping rooms. " 17b
rTRST-CLASS painting or paper hang
ing by day work or contract. H.
Johnson & Co., phone Blue 764.
Postoffice box 1715. 107
P.. J. McCullough, contractor. Phone
20. Box 934. Excavating, retain
ing walls, concrete houses, wells
and mining work is my specialty.
- 221
Toothache can be prevented by .fol
lowing simple instructions. Call at
my office for free booklet. J. F.
Teufert. D. D. S.. Maze Building,
93 "6 ukku
Salesmen
LARGE MANUFACTURER wants rep
resentative to sell shirts, lnder
wear, hosiery, dresses, waists, skirti
direct to homes. Write for fret
samples. Madison Mills, 590 Broad
way. New York City. (429)
CUBS WILL TRAIN IN
PASADENA IN MARCH
CHICAGO. Feb. 10 Members of the
Chicago Nationals were instructed to
day to report here on February 28.
Two days later they start for the
' training camp at Pasadena. Califor
nia. This, President Weigman said,
will give him an opportunity to learn
bow many players, if any, plan to
obey the orders of the Baseball Play
ers' Fraternity.
j To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take LAXATIVE BROMO QUININE
tablets. Stop the Cough and Headache
and work off the Cold. Druggists refund
money if it fails to cure. E. W. Grove's
signature is on each box. 25 cents.
the Bath Mat.
MADE FOR MINING
oinniixriiTn mil
i fllifi AHiLm U II ILL
(Continued From Page One)
practically all the copper saved.
SJeam Shoveling.
Steam shovels will spell a new era
in the Warren District and when I'jur
of them begin pounding away at Sa
cramento Hill that old landmark will
fade gradually to a depression in the
earth. Already the company is grad
ing near the Lowell shaft enough
ground to accomodate the big machine
shops, the blacksmith shops and the
supply department. These structures
will be moved as soon as possible and
the wVrk of removing the twenty mil
lion tons' of overburden will be start
ed at once.
Mining of Sacramento will be done
by benches. Those who have been at
Jingham or at Santa Rita or at other
places where steam shoveling is the
.nining practice will know what a
jench is. To those who do iAt. the
.system can be compared to huge
jteps, sixty feet apart and encompass
ing the entire hill.
Each bench is reached from the
other by a switchback. The first
oench will be, practically, on a level
with Ihe present machine shop loca
tion. One end will be there and it
.hen will piuuge into tne side of the
ulll. The railroad tracks will lead
.ast until the end of the bench is
reached. It will then' switch back, to
ward tne west to the next bench, un
.il the fjp of the hill is reached Each
jench is pushed back by te shovels
in til, one by one, commencing from
.he top, the entire hill will' begin dis
appearing. Twelve locomotives will handle the
work on Sacramento Hill. Four steam
ihovels will do the actual digging.
The tearing away of the hill will start
as soon as delivery can be had Lm
the manufacturers of the proper ma
chinery. At places on Sacramento Hill the
ore is at a smaller depth from the sur
face then at others. On the western
end, including the southern side of the
mountain, there is a large ore 'body
and the plans of the company content
plate a pit in that direction first. In
this 'ore body it is estimated that over
six million tons of ore are in sight.
3efore the concentrator will be start
ed, however, the shovels must have de
veloped enough ore to keep the mill
in 'constant operation, handling COui
tons daily. When the pit has reached
its ultimate depth it will approximate
the 400 level "of the present Sacramen
to shaft. From that point to the
highest peak on the hill it is, roughl.v,
700 feet. .
Th- Eastern Portidn of the Hill.
Millions of tons of ore have been
developed on the eastern end oi
Sacramento Hill. This will.be hand
ed, h'jwever, after that on the west
ern end has been exhausted. Though
uo ore has been found directly under
ihe power plant of the company, lo
cated near the shaft, it will be neces
sary to remove it, due to the fact thai
the mining of the ore bodies around
t would leave the plant on an island
of dirt and unapproachable for sup
plies. Another interesting feature in this
connection is the fact that Sacramento
shaft, in time, will have to be aban
doned because of the ore which lays
in close proximity to it.
The Eastern End is to be Mined.
When the-' power plant will be re
moved to a point near the concentra
i'r where there will be no danger ot
fcaing to change it again. What wil.
be done for the Sacramento shaft tan
not be learned.
Steam shoveling in this part of Art
zone is a new departure, though ii
some parts of the state and in oihei
Tarts of the country and in the work
it is the one method pursued. It pi
niises to open up an entirely new liel.
of mining activity in the local mine,
and its ultimate- possibilities can onlj
he guessed.
Numbers of additional men will bt
employed to take care of this divisiol
of mining for the company. .The fina
t '.insinuation of the task wil not be
a matter of a few months - it will be
many months, hut when it does conic
it will mean an unpreccdeutcd. addec
activity for the Warreu District.
AMERICAN MOLE IS
HELPING ALLIES WIN
BATTLES IN FRANCE
I
WITH THE BRITISH ARMIES IN
FRANCE, Jan. (Correspondence of
The Associated Press) Two years
and a half of the grimmest war in his
tory have wrought the triumph of at
least one American institution the
army mule. He has been weighed
anew in the scales of battle, proved
on the fire-swept fields of France and
Flanders, and not found wanting. In
warm winter coat and with long, in
quisitive ears flopping back and forth
in the breeze, he marches up among
the roaring guns with a steady non
chalance that lends confidence and
faith to the fighting men who depend
so much upon him.
From Missouri, Georgia. Tennessee,
Mississippi. Texas, and other stock
farms in the South, he has journeyed
to the war and come into his own.
The much maligned, supposedly stub
horn, balky and generally pestiferous
mule, has won a place in the heart of
the British army from which he can
never be dislodged. He was quite an
asset in the South African cam
paigns, hut now is a real aristocrat
of the transport service.
"A most magnificent createure." re
plied a British Brigadier when asked
for an opinion of the lowly American
mule. "And he has a much better
character than generally is given to
him. He is something like a camel In
that respect. Most people cry down
and berate the pool old camel, but
once you get to know him he Is much
to be admired. ,lt is just the same
with the mule. Jle has some ways!
with him which the British Tommy
didn't quite appreciate at first, but
now that they are better acquainted
'and have formed a s'ort of entente
i cordiale. the two .have utmost respect
j for each other and 'carry on' at the
! front with complete understanding
and effectiveness."
The mule had his supreme test on
this front in the battles of the Somme.1
There were davs and nielits of nn.-eas.
fflP" lahor Klinrt rntinne an A lit Ho nc
no attention. The strain was constant !
and terrific. In exact ratio to the
number
combed
employed, six horses sue
where a single mule gave
way.
The horse, of course, is an animal
of finer fibre ?nd Is far more sensi
tive. If .he stumbles into a shell hole
filled with water he will strive anl
struggle to get out until he actually
dies of a broken heart. Not so the
mule. He has no imagination and not
much of an outlook on life. He calm
ly and philosophically lies in the
shell hole until some one comes along
and digs him out.
The mule, some suppositions to the
contrary notwithstanding, is vulner
able at times to shot and shell. Many
of them have been killed in action j
along wit'i the horses, and others have
died of wounds. But modern veterin
ary skill is working wonders for the
animals of war and one must be badly
hurt indeed to be abandoned. The
thick skin of the mule saves him from
many of the troubles that beset the
horse. It wards off mud blisters and
the affections that come from the wet
tud damp and long exposure.
As to working values, the horse be
ing far more anxious to please, will
ordinarily accomplish as much as oni
and one-third mules. Some horses do.
the work of a mule and a .'ialf. But
thev cannot "stick it" so long.
Visiting a veterinary hospitay w In re
there were hundreds of horses under
me.lieal renair. it w as strikine to '
notice but a solitary mule among
them. s,mc.ne suggested this was
strani;e. because the army had found
the mule such a line animal he had
been imported by the tens of thou-
sands.
"That's i.reciselv it.-'said the doc
'.or in chiirue. -it s because he is such '
T. line aniniMl that you sec so little of
llimhere" ,.
ttccanse he is senerallv mil and
.iomctimos goes to sleep just abaft a
..Lodge
WEEK ENDING FTBUt'ARY 17.
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
N. C. BLEDSOE, W. M.
B. T. WAT KINS. Secy. F. & A. M.
A. M. COLWELL. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. I. M.
J. E. FRY. E. C.
F S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chapter
and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
CHARLES S. BEAR. Exalted Ruler.
il. B. COOVER. Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE, No. 10, I. O. O. F.
0tfV PPO 1 3UIUAd
(yT'kSy AVUS3Na3A
jAd suaiv
Main street at 7:00 p. m. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
CARL V. NELSON. X. G.
G. A. PLUNKETT, Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 210.
Meets in I. O.
O. F. Hall sec
ond and fourth
SATl'RDAY
at 7:30 p. in.
Visiting broth
'ers cordially
invited., to at
tend. ' GEO. S LEE MAN. W. M.
ROBERT FKRGl'S, Secretary.
1'. U. Box 426. Bisbee.
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets in McUigovich Hall 2nd and
Ath fVlltv ftf ft mnntli
HATT1E A. LUKE. Guardian.
PAULINE F BROWN. Clerk.
I jPvOVBoX 521
.7
howling ntae-fnch gun. it must not be
j supposed the American mule has lost
all his old craft and mulish cunning.
At one 'of the hospitals there is a
sulphur "din", or balh. like the cattle
dips on wesitrn ranches. Most of the !
horses will plung.' in over their heads j
and swim through, getting the full)
benefit of the disinfection. But Mr.
Mule is rather too suspicious to take I
such chances. He is drawn In with
great reluctance and holds his head ;
high above the yeliow liquid. One old
fellow went thi'ough six times one day
but not once did he get his head wet
until the sponges were resorted to.
FAMILY AVOIDS
SERIOUS SICKNESS
Sj Being Constantly Supplied With
Thedford's Black-Draught.
.,,,... ,
McDuff. Va.-"I suffereu for several
rears." says Are. J. B. WJmaker, ol
SmP,hC?;n, h',h S'Ck hcadache Md
Itomach trouble. -
Ten years ; apo a i friend told me to try
Thedford's Bl3ck-Draueht. which 1 did,
and 1 found it to be the best family medi-
tine for young and old,
I keen niack-Drnurht on hand all th
fime n0Wf and when cmuiren feel a
little bad. they ask me for a dose, and it
goes them more good than any medicine
"ev ever ?' " n t i.
" a. ,u,,e B"-'
i,,-vnrji.Thi
jnedford's Black-Draught Is purely
,egetabe. and has been found to reeu-
iaie weak stomachs, aid digestion, re- ' ,
iieve indigestion, colic, wind, nausea, i ,
:aeaaactie, sic siomacn, ana similar
lymptoms.
It has been in constant use for more
an ' ,ears. and benettied more.
nan a minion pt-ojjic.
YoUf dniOTiSt fells and recommends
31ack-DrauehL
Price c.
Gel
tficwape to-day.
KCIS
:! M I
Notices...
T. F. 3.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the In
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Odd Fel
lows' Halt Viit-
ing members cordially invited.
, PHIL. DAVIS, President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
KATHERINE SALHOLM. Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
Meets every Friday night. Moose HaU.
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
J. V. PETTEY, Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie. No. 175. F. O. E., meets
first and third MONDAYS. 8. p. m
Eagles Hall. Visitors cordially wel
come. RICHARD DAVIS. President.
M. D. COHEN. Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS & LADIES OF SECURITY.
Meetings will be held every Thurs
day at Union HaU at 7:30 p. m.. be
ginning February 1. Advertisement.
S52
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
CAN MECHANICS.
AMERI-
Meets in Medigovich
Hall, second and fourth'
Tuesdays each month.
Visiting brothers wel
come. HOMER C. TREES. Councillor.
W. A. CUNNINGHAM. Recording Sec.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 1341a.
Meets first Tuesdav at
Odd Fellows HalL
R. L. MOTZ. Consul.
H. F. MATHEWSON,
Clerk.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple. No. 3.raeets every 2nd
i i " . .?
UtUUVII Jl VUU Hall, , ISIlilig
sisters are cordially invited.
ANNA HART, M. E. C.
JEANET SWEENEY. M. of P.. C.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 4.! will
meet !t and 3rd Vd
(r"tHS . nesday at 7 :, Brcnhv
J0. Hall.
XU'' J. L. WINTERS. C. C.
.l O. B. THOMAS Cle-k.
All Woodmen invited.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN. "
Meets first and third
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
in Medigovich Hall. All
visiting Red Men invited
to attend.
JOHN KELLY. Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Medicine Man.
F. C. FENDERSON. C. of R.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS, W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box 811. Bisbee.
i MRS JESSE BEVAN. Secy. P. O. Pm
229l, Chairman Relief Com. Phone 47
mev ,n MaS0ni,- Hull
,.carl chapter. No. 6. meets
YH in Hall srvood and
; WrJJ foiKth Tuesday of each
, Vs moath at 7:30 p. m.
'
: KNIGHTS A LADIES OF SECURITY,
BISBEE COUNCIL. NO. 2115.
Meets every Thursday at Union
Hall. 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited.
Frederick J. Attaway. president;
E. Linquist. financier, box 3o24S. Low
ell; Inex McKinney. secretary. Low-
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS. ,
Rathbone Lodge No. !.
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. in. Visiting brothers
cordially Invited.
ARL SOBELEY. C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM, K. of K. S.
My C A. VOIGHT
lip I
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 11, 1917.
ncirr
n
mm s nnnf n
uum
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 P. M.
THE AMERICAN FILM COMPANY PRESENTS
The Two Famous Comedians
KOLB and DILL
IN
Beloved Rogues
A FIVE REEL COMEDY DRAMA.
PATHE NEWS, NO. 6.
Showing Current Events of the Week.
ADMISSION - - - 10 AND 15 CENTS
Tickets Issued on Coupons Accepted for Any
Performance.
i
I WILL LEAVE TODAY.
I J. S. key. c.r lli- lYniral pharmacy,
I will leave this morning for Tombscbtie,
! where he will probably make his home
in the future.
The Home of Real Reel Features.
Continuous from 1 to 10
William Fox Presents
JUNE CAPRICE IN
"The mischief Maker"
THE ROLLICKING PICTURIZATION OF A MAD
CAP'S DEVILTRY.
ADMISSION
10 AND 15 CENTS.
JUST WRIGHT SHOES
Complete fine of these famous
shoes, just nrrived. Millers Shirt &
Hat Shop. Adv. 20!i
The Churches
: :)
nt
SOFT DRINK EXPERT.
V. Forrest, Arizona distributor ot
soft Jrinks manufactured by the Pahst
company, is in Bisbee looking aftei
local trade.
JUDGE IS VISITOR.
JudKe Lock wood, of
court of Cochise county,
in Bisbee Friday.
the superior
was a visitor
BlSbtE UBUHbS
W.WMtl'.N Sunday School i:imi a
m. Preaching ll:tl" a. m.
DON H IS Sunday School Ii
a. in. Preaching by Brother Kim.
7:30 p. rn.
LOWF.LIi Sunday School H:0i a.
m. Preaching 7:30 p. in. Prayer
meeting Wednesday 7:30 p. hi.
SO. BISBF.F. Sunday School 3:00
p. in. C. E. Tuesday 7:30 p. m.
The campaign for the cburrh build
ing in Warren is uow on. Come n
our help.
J. RHYS EVANS. Minister.
RETURNS TO NACO.
M. Goldstein. Xuro merchant, has
returned to the border city after
spending several days in Bisbee and
vicinity.
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
Fresh buttermilk daily. Phone 301.
Advertisement. 332
$35.00 tailor made uncalled
suit, $20.50. Millard & Bateman,
len Block. Advertisement.
for
Al-
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH
0:4". Sunday School. K. M Howard!
Sunt. 11:0D Preaching, subi., "Salvn-1
tion."
6:4." Junior and Senior II. V. P. V.
7:4:", Preaching, subj.. "Moral Dig
nity of Baptism."
Wednesday evening prayer meeting
Thursday evening choir practice.
Come and enjoy services, bring a
friend. All members of church urged
to be present at morning service, im
portant business.
F. M. PITMAN.
UP FROM DOUGLAS.
S. F. Braselton, of Douglas, was in
Bisbee yesterday in the interests ol
the Missouri State Life Insuranc e tym
pany. Braselton was formerly editor
of the Nogales Daily Herald.
SkV 9 I id 11 a
Th
SB
Today Only. Commencing 3: CO P. M Today Only
The Triangle Fine Arts Presents
LILLIAN GISH AND ALL-STAR CAST IN
"Diana of the Follies"
A Fine Arts Production in Five Acts.
The Triangle Keystone Presents
SUM SUMMERVILLE AND PEGGY PEARCE IN
"His Busted Trust"
A COMEDY OF COURSE
ADMISSION - - - 10 and 15 Cents.
:- . ...
.
Tickets Issued on S' Coupons Accepted for Any
Performance.
KIER IMPROVING.
According to reports from Douglas,
Alec Kier. who was shot by a Mexican
at Nacozari several days ago, is im
proving and out of all danger. Kier
was a resident of this c ity for many
years, having been employed in the
Phelps-Dodge store here.
FOR SALE
Upright piano and player 50 rolls
music, $190 cash, or some time. G.
B., Bisbee Review.
Advertisement. 340
After the show go to the English
Kitchen for a dish of New York oys
ters or steak, chops, salad, etc.
Advertisement. 243
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
Sunday School at 9:45 a. in.
Young people's meeting at 6:30 p.
m. Topic: "Confession" Luke 19:
1-lu. Monthly consecration, meeting
with offering for the local work of the
society and for "Missions."
Public worship at 11 a. m , and at
7:30 p. in. At the morning service
Col. Hughes of Is Angeles, Cal., rep
resenting the Volunteers of America,
will preach and at the evening ser
vice the pastor will preach.
Union Sunday School Convention
in the Christian church at 2:30 p. m.
with addresses by some- of the State
Sunday School workers.
A meeting of the Board of Trust
ees will be hrld during the week.
Choir practice Thursday evening.
JOHN E. FRY, Pastor.
FINE MONUMENT TO
BE ERECTED OVER
GRAVE OF WARREN
j Elks' Committee Will Meet
Today to Decide on Method
of Raising Funds With
Which to Build Memorial.
A committee composed of mem
bers of the local Elks' l'.idge will meet
at the Elks' club today to formulate
plans fur securing funds with which
to creu a monument over the grave
of tleorge Warren, discoverer of the
Warren District. The plan was first
inaugurated several years ago. but ac
tion on it soon waned. The Elks are
determined, however, that the m'tnti
mcnt shall be erected this time and
detitiite action will be taken this morn-
"We are going to launch a whirl
wind campaign." said Jimmie Allison,
chairman of the committee, yesterday,
"and we hope to be able to raise at
least a thousand dollars for the pur
pose of-building a monument. If we
can find any ore that we are confident
will withstand the effect l all wea-
, ther conditions we will use it in th
construction of the memorial, but If
i not, we will use marbel or granite.
We believe that we will have no trou
ble raising funds, as everyone must
realize that the memory of the discov
erer of this district should never fade
and v.e think the best way to per
petuate the memory of George Warren
is to build a monument over his grave
that will stand for years to come as a
tribute from the people cf the Warren
district to its first resident.
Other members of the Elks' com
mittee are Jack Osier. Joe Walker and
Harry Anderson.
PRESIDENT WILSON ADDRESSING . .
( ON;UKSS ON KRKAK WITH GERMANY
CARD OF THANKS
Mr. and Mrs. V. H. Kingston
wish to express their thanks for the
many kind words and tokens of sym
pathy offered to them owing to the
loss of their son. Adv. 392
CARD OF THANKS
We desire to sincerely '.hank our
many friends for their several kind
nesses extended to us during the re
cent illness and death of Mrs. Louisa
Keahey, and especially desire to
thank Mrs. H. Nathanson and all
those whose floral offerings mitigated
the end of our loved one.
G. W. Keahey and Family,
Mrs. L. CV Cook and Tamily,
Robert Johnson and Family.
Adv. 401
CONFERENCE ON SUNDAY
SCHOOL WORK
There will be a conference on Sun
day School Work. Sunday afternoon
at 2:30 at the Christian church. Rev.
K. D. Raley, interstate Sunday School
I Secretary, Rev. R. E. Dunlap. state
worker for the Christian Church, and
Rev. W. D. Himebaugh, state worker
of the Presbyterian Church will be
speakers from out of town.
There will be but one session and
all who are interested in" the moral
welfare, especially of the young life
of the community are urged to be
present at this meeting.
-These visiting men will participate
in t!ie various other church services
of the day.
MINER LOSES FOOT
WHEN RUN OVER BY
TRAINAT DON LUIS
"Tex" Vickers Seriously In
jured When He Steps Out
of Automobile and At
tempts to Cross Railroad.
H. A. Vickers. for many years a
miner in the district, is confined tc
the Copper Queen hospital in a seri
ous condition as the result of having
been struck by an "ore train near Don
Luis yesterday afternoon. Vickers'
left leg wa9 crushed off. lie also su
stained minor bruise3. Vickers. ac
cording to witnesses, had stepped O'jt '
of an automobile and had started to
walk back across the railroad track
when struck by the train. He was
immediately taken to the Copper
ft y
13 H tJkAr : BIT
5
1
53c
Arrow points to President WiLscn.
'l'his photograph was taken on the corps ion of Pr2:icr.t Winon's
Jiistoric address to congress lust Saturday, in v '. :l!i i.e irturrj-.-t1 sectors
mid representatives of his reasons for lital.in o:i' c-p.omttif r:it-j.is with
-.icrmany. Seated back of the piesiiient are Vice Pie.;:uer.t .urs..al! lex
ireme left) and Speaker Clianip Claik. .
Christian Science Society
Christian Science society of Bisbee
holds services in Odd
ll 11 l m Tho nn hi
and invited to attend. Subject for "e,is wcM kuown in Hisb as "Tex"
Sunday, February' H. "Spirit."
ALLIED CRUISER GUARDS rl'ied mercnantmen reported afsemh-
SHIPS OFF VIRGINIA '""I off the capes waiting for convoy.
NORFOLK. Va.. Feb. 10.-A big two P" id ,;"
would said today.
funnelled cruiser closely resembling
the former Cunard liner Caronin. uiwc
guarded allied shipping off Cape- DENVER U. WINS
Charles lightship today, according !o DKNVKR. Feb. 1. The I n.ver-
reports brought here. I lly f IVnver defratrd Colorado
No further reports reached port to-, College in a conference basketball
dav of the fleet of twenty or mnr-' 'game here tonight 34 to 32.
it'Ly ui niNuiTi - 1
Fellows hall -ueen hospital and his injuries at
ic is welcome tenuV(1- Vickers' home is in Ljn Luis.
! Vickers.
VISITING FRIENDS.
Miss Elsie Tbles, county superin
tendent of schools, is in Bisbee spend
ing the week-end visiting friends and
relatives.
St. John's Episcopal Church
Sunday school 9:45 a. m., morning
service, 11 a. m. Thursday, choir
practice, 7:30 p. m.
II. S. HRKWSTKR. Rector.
The Catholic ladies will give a dance
and card party at the Knignts of Col
umbus hall, Tuesday evening. Cen-
j tlemen $1.00, ladies free. Adv. 404
IN CITY COURT,
John Maney, charged with being
drunk, was the only offender to ap
. pear before Judge Frank Thomas in
i City court yesterday. He was fined
$15, which he paid.
RIDE THE GOAT.
Pab Smith, postmaster at Tomb
stone, and W. M. McSparron came
down from the county seat yesterday
r, aa members of a large class that lJde
Do you know that M. Curran, the i . ... 1, ... , .
... , , . , ' . i the goat Into the Elks' lodge last
automobile pa nter, is back on the . .... . .
... I night. C. M. McNeillis accompanied
juu iiniii. rum, Liann uuiuuiuuu
MILITARY VISITORS.
Sergeant French and Captain Noble,
two popular oflieers from Camp Harry
.1. Jones, Douglas, were visitors in
Lowell and Bisbee last night.
A good time for everybody at the
Catholic ladies' dance and card par
ty. Tuesday evening, at K. C. hall.
Adv. 404
LOCAL DAIRIES SHOW
IMPROVEMENT IN MILK
But Three Are Still Off on
Requirements of Butterfat
or Bacteria.
Morrow Chiropodist removes corns,
bunions. Ingrowing nails without pain.
Instant relief, office 2 doors from city
' park. Brewery Gulch. Adv. 254.
Expert repairing on fine watches
and jewelry; diamond setting, engrav
ing and general repairing. Minton,
the postoffice jeweler, Lowell.
Advertisement. 343
NEO-BEAUTY SHOP
Nco-Plastique Massage, manicuring
a specialty. Your patronage solicit
ed. Ladies and gentlemen. Mrs. El
sie M. Sawyer, Room 1G, Johnson Ho
tel. Advertisement. 196
NOTICE
This Is to advise that my wife,
Mary Bulka. has left my bed and
board and that I will not be responsi
ble for any debts contracted by her.
JOE BULKA.
Advertisement. 235
carriage and wagon painting. Old Ma
J son Building, Lowell.
CUPID GETS BUSY.
I After having been idle for several
days in Lowell. Dan Cupid got busy
, again yesterday when Judge J. 1
Winters issued a marriage license to
Hugh C. Carter and Miss Hazel M.
Ellis. Mr. Carter is an employe of
the Phelps-Dodge store here. Miss
Ellis is from Frt Grant, Ariz.
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath, 98 Mason
Hill, Mason Hill car stop.
(Advertisement)
Kitchen for a dish of New York oys
ters or steak, chops, salad, etc.
Advertisement. 243
ANNOUNCEMENT TO THE PUBLIC
The English Kitchen will stay open
until 1 a. m. every night, guarantee
ing the publi,.' the best of service.
Advertisement. 243
After the show go to the English
Kitchen for a dish of 'New York oys
ters or steak, chops, salad, etc.
Advertisement. 243
A car every bour, Bisbee to Doug
lus. Good cars and careful drivers.
; American Stage Line. Phone 3G6.
! Advertisement
the men to see the fun.
With the cases against the Pure
Milk Depot and the Warren Ranch
in court, the week's t end shows the
local milk situation somewhat im
proved, but with three delinquent
dairies still on the city's records. It
is understood the dairies whose
names appear in Class I shall raise
their grade of milk during this week
or suffer arrest by the city officials.
Bearing in mind the state's stand
ard of milk 3.25 butter fat and 150,
000 bacteria per cubic centimeter, the
following figures will inform the rub-
MRS. IKLER ILL.
Mrs. Ed Ikler is serious! v ill at her
home in Tombstone Canyon. Mrs. i Tombstone Canyon. 5
Ikler is the wife of the Donular tini. i' Jsp. - nl..
berman in the Higgins mine.
CANANEA VISITORS.
P. E. Haskevitch and Drs. I. B.
Hamilton and C. V. McPharlan. of
Cananea. were arrivals in Bisbee yes
terday. All are regirered at the Cop
per Queen hotel.
The Catholic ladies will give a dance
and card parly at the Knights of Col
umbus hall, Tuesday evening. Gen
tlemen $1.00, ladies free. Adv. 404
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
Fresh buttermilk right from the
churn. Buy a gallon, its cheaper.
Advertisement 252
Ask Art
ABOUT IT
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOV BSTON E
STAGE LINE.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
lady ai 7 a. in. and 1:.".0 p. m. from
; Cochise Motor Co. Phone 444. Leaves
I, punctually on time daily. 939
(Advertisement)
SPECIAL MEETING
Bisbee miners union Sunday. Feb.
Jl. 1:30. J. L. Donnelly will speak.
Advertisement. 337
. Don't forget the Catholic ladies'
dance at the K. C. hall, Tuesday even
ing. Adv. 404
MINERS UNION DANCE
Sunday evening, Feb. 11. I'nion
Hall on O. K. St. Dancing begins at
8:30. Advertisement. 316
lie which milk to buy:
Class A
: and. . . 40.000
"5.00ft
H. Hussan. 3.7 and 15,000
Pure .Milk Depot. 3.5 and 100.000
Kirkland, 3.4 and 60.000
Standard, 3.5 and 45,000
Class B
Warren Ranch. 3.3 and 7,000
.Medigovich and Gregovich. 4.5
and 350,000
Wohlschlegal, 3.1 and 20.000
THE HOUSE OF COMFORT.
BIG SPECIAL FEATURE TODAY ONLY
Continuous From 1 to 10 P. M.
"Somewhere in France"
Actual Battle Scenes Obtained by Donald C Thompson
Daring Camera Man of Paramount Newspictures
Illustrated London News, Leslie s W eekly
, and L'illustration, Paris.
"MUTUAL WEEKLY"
ADMISSION : : . 10 and 15 Cu-
MATINEE DAILY AT 1 P. M.
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE
Irwin Studio, Main Street.
The busiest business in Bisbee. Mr. !
Cleary of the Guarantee Paint Co.. '
857 j when seen today at his place of busi-1
Advertisement, ness. where lie was getting out orders
to start a big force of men to work.
A good time for everybody a the says that never in the history of the i
Catholic ladies' dance and iHrd par- ! city has there been so much doing
ty. Tuesday evering, at K. C. hall. I in the building line as there is now.
Adv. 4iU i Elflciency has always been the motto
j of the firm and that in connection j
j witli promptness ami honest dealings
with their customers has made the !
firm one of the largest in the state.
All customers can be assured t hat the
men and materials to be had will
s be used. The sign depart-
; mcnt which is in charge of an expe
i rienced workman in his line has been
crowded with work since the first of
GERMANY SEEKS
PARLEY WITH U.S:Si;
Don't forget the Catholic ladies'
dance at the K. C. hull. Tuesday 'rn
ing. Aih. 40 1
(Continued From Page One)
shift to the state department respon
sibility for what Germany si own ac-
the year. In the future that part of
l tion
s may lead to. It is realized also "'- business v ill be pushed to the
that it will have ail effect on the
pacifist and the pro-German elements
Ride on the American Stage Line, i in the country, w hich would be em
Bisbee to Douglas. Thone 36C. ' harassing to officials here.
front in such a manner that the bus
iness men of Bisbee will be aMe to
say that they have th best signed I
tip city in Arizona. Adv. 407
Star Theatre
SUNDAY PROGRAM
HIS PARTNER'S SACRIFICE
Featuring Lucile Young and Wallace McDonald.
Two Part Drama.
DIRTY DAN DEMISE
One Part Comedy
THE TATOOED MAN
One Part Comedy
.:- -:- -:- -:-
MONDAY
TAINTED
Two Part Drama.
THOUGHTS OF TONIGHT
Two Reels.
Admission - - - 5c tin
I' MINING
I ' SECTION
8 SOCIETY
SECTION
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRE88
VOL 19. NO. 213.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 11, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
. 1
i
t
l :C!.e war fleet all ready for nation's defense
0L0 TIMERS
; ME ACTIVE
' IN NORTH
Preparations Are
Started For Steam
Shoveling Big Hill
Ground Is Now Being Graded for the Accommodation of the
Machine Shops, Blacksmith Shops and Other Branches of
Activity Near Sacramento Hill Work of Tearing Big
Mountain Down Will Be Started as Soon as Possible.
EXPANSIONS OF
E
FUTURE
Over Ten Million Tons of Concentrating Ore Developed
Three Thousand Ton Concentrator Will Be Erected by the
Company Four Steam Shovels to Work and Entire New
Department in Warren District Mining Will Be Witnessed.
When Bisbee was In its infancy; when the stream of copper came from
but few workings in the very western part of the producing area of the War
ren District. Sacramento Hill was considered to be nothing but a huge aiound
of something that had no value. Investigations of the past few years, on the
part of the engineers of the Copper Queen Consolidated Mining Company,
culminating in a decision to mine it with steam shovels, has proven that the
greatest southwestern copper camp has just been started. '
Sacramento Hill, sticking its apes-like frame into the air, girded on the
north by the Dividend fault, on the south by Gardner, Lowell and Sacramento the mining concerns in which Lake
shaft country and on the west by Holbrook and Czar workings, is coming i.ito J f uPer ,or ap considerably in-
terested. having felt it our dutv to
its own. It will, in time, be reduced by steam shovels. Its contents will bejmake tue presentations because of the
put through a modern concentrator and, presently, will go into the channels! frequent protests by shareholders whj
of trade in the form of electrolytic copper. Its overburden will aid in filling ! arue lhat. thee companies already
I naa enougn 01 ianas ana ore reserves
up many or the expressions on tne property or tne topper yueen company.
Policy of Expansion on the
Part of Big Mining Compa-
w w .1 r '
nies lias Been tne Saving i
Grace of Future Existence
WRITER TELLS OF
VARIOUS COMPANIES
Progress Made by C & A.
Company Called in Ques
tion Other Properties Are
Also Cited to Show Moves.
(By George A. N'owett, in I'on Ore)
Iron Ore has frequently refered to
the policy of expansion on the part of
When Bisbee Wat Young.
Some years ago when Bisbee was young and the known ore was confined.
to warrant their activity for many
years. It was the clamor against the
action of Calumet & Arizona Copper
comnanv that was nrnhnhlv mrwt
chiefly, to that part of the District now known as the Czar, Holbrook and!neara in tnig partcuar rep;jn
Original holdings Very Valuable.
The original holding of this corn-
Gardner, the Sacramento Shaft was sent into the earth. It was a big under
taking and, in time, this shaft became the mainstay of the operating depart
ment of the company as, practically, all of the ore from the various workings
has been hoisted through its portals. The workings at the Sacramento,
however, "were deep. The top levels of the country, to the west of the shaft
and under Sacramento Hill, were not mined. This led to further investiga-'
tions on the part of the company.
What the Churn Drills Found
pany was small in acreage, less than
twenty and was embraced in the Irish
Mag claim that stood directly in front
of the rich mines of the Copper Queen
company, in Bisbee. The single shaft
put down on this claim found wonder-
(imijf ncn grounu ai a uepm or aoout
! 950 feet. It was alivr with rich xides.
InillCh nfltlVO Anil l-itf.l.lin.r nm-,fhi-.A
Officials of the Copper Queen Company have been noted for their pro- f,., , , , ' . '
Kr I from 10 to 30 per cent copper. From
gresKiveness. Since the day when Dr. James Douglas, in his story of the. this claim about $11,000,000 were
Copper Queen Mines, stated that he thought some day Sacramento Hill would 'earned in dividends and shares rose
be the source of concentrating ore, officials of the company have had that j ,!?K't'!.C?!?tiy l "7 t' a onilf r"
i ul gain in a very short time after the
immense hulk of iron-stained mountain in their mind. Finally, It was decided rich mineral was found
to ' investigate, and churn drilling wag adopted. Both of the ore bodies in
Sacramento Hill were discovered as early as 1911 by underground mining.
Their form and extent was determined later by churn drills as the be.u
method. Work was begun in the early part of 1914.
Geologists of the company mapped out Sacramento Hill in one hundred
foot squares. At the corner of each square a churn drill hole was sunk into
the earth. The tale that these piercing pieces of fine steel told was illumin
ating, convincing, attractive and promised great renumeration to the com
pany which had dared go into the bowels of the hill for information.
. Ore, rich and poor; overburden, much of it; but on the whole a mountain
of dirt, complex in its composition and containing copper in sufficient quantity
to warrant mining.
Millions of Tons.
Though- no definite estimate can be had from officials of the company as
to the exact tonnage of concentrating ore found, a fair idea of the amount
can be gained from some comparative figures.
It is planned to erect a concentrator which will handle 3000 tons of ore!
Many share
holders thought this would hold on
forever, but the wise directors w-e
on the lockout for more territory ana
finally found it in claims adjoining
on the south and east, down the, val
ley, and where many people thought
the ores of the camp did not extend,
figuring it held more closely to the
higher ground.
Elevation of Shafts.
The mouth jf the Irish Mag shaft
was 5,500 feet above sea level, where
as the mouth of the function .-.liar.
I of this company is 5.100 feet above
the sea, a difference of 400 feet In
elevation. Junction is located about
4,500 feet east and south; from Irish
Mag, and there were those who argued
that Junction was altogether fjo far
away to be of value, that the ores
could not extend that far or in that
direction. It is well known now that
steadily on this ore for at least a decade. Consequently it can be fairly
guessed that at least ten million tons of ore have been developed by churn
drills. This figure might be raised and it might be lowered. The latter
possibility is small, however, in view of the immense preparations which are
being made for this new department in mining by the Copper Queen Consoli
dated Mining Company.
What Ore Will Be Handled.
In determining the question of whether or not a mountain or a plain
shall be mined, which entails the expenditure of millions before a cent of)
juu nun I one or me ncnesi proper
per day a million tons per year. This concentrator will be able to work i ties of the famous Bisbee camp.
Took Persuasion to Get it.
The editor of Iron Ore personally
knows it took much persuasion on
the part of certain of the directors
of the company to purchase this Junc
tion tract big In acreage, although at
s'jme distance from the company's
original workings, but it was finally
taken over, for a song, as it has provea
and it would have been actually
j criminal had it not been purchased at
I that time when it was so easily- avail-
return can be had, enough ore must be developed, of a high enough grade, to j able. It is one of the best portious
warrant the entire cost and to return a fair interest on the Investment andjor tllat K"eat Bonanza Circle. And
the principal other properties very valuable, as later
proved, were also 'obtained at very
Sacramento Hill contains at least ten million tons of ore which will i low prices, and combined they today
average one per cent or better. This grade of ore can be handled by tlie!sive t0 Calumet & Arizona a .?Dlem11d
T.i k i ,,,,,. . ,, , ore reserve that will last manv years
This should not be taken to nienn that . . , ...
and permit the earn nar of satisfactory
all of the ore is of that grade. In fact, in one part of the hill, an immense dividends, because the ores are rich,
tonnage of high grade, was encountered. In all probability this will be taken 'are direct-smelting and can be pro-
proposed concentrator at a profit.
directly to the smelter, without the necessity of being sent through a con
centration process.
Utably worked even with copper sell
ing at a shilling per pound. It was
good business to have secured these
The difference between concentrating ore and direct smelting ore is in: lands because had they not been pur
its grade. It is said, locally, that the breaking point of ore in this District hased the jinpany would now have
been out of the milling hnsiness com-
At just what decimal point the difference j pl,ltely a3 the oIJ ,rish Ma(, claim ,s
I practically exhausted. The company
today owns three hundred times the
acreage that it did when it entered
the Bisbee camp, and it may take over
is between four and five per cent
lies, is not known.
Concentrating Method.
Though flotation will be used to some extent in the proposed concen
trator of the company It will be subordinate to the wet concentrating procei'3 more lands If they are located bight
by gravity. This is due to the fact that the character of the ore in Sacra , and can De had at ,ne riKht Pri,-'e-
. , , , , i Then Came New Cornelia,
mento Hill makes for a low ratio or concentration. Qur readers fcnow M about pur.
At the Inspiration, twenty tons of ore will make one of concentrates, chase and equipping of the New Cor
Teats of the local ore have shown that four tons of ore will make one of neIia property, located at Ajo. Ariz..
and where a wonderful leaching plant
. will l'joii be in operation and adding
concentrates, but of lower grade. This Increases smelting costs per ton of
raw ore. : about loO.OOO pounds of refined cop-
Iron In Sacramento Hill ore is largely responsible for the adoption of l,, r a tlav to Calumet &. Arizona's out-
the wet process. The Inspiration ore has little iron and flotation recover
(Continued on Page 7, Main Section.)
f 3 F CANADA t
ft r0NvTI eSrX3S JLmJ YOPk 1 YTJ mouth
TX5 I f w JACKS ON V ILtE 5 5 I T
GlAj? .
vJi c ) '
KtVwCST0X 5 5
- ...s st4. intf utspcsltion of Atluntir ynil io."cof the ( mted S:a!r Kjiurr Krar Admiral layu. jnJ
;!u. .a.iw i.ow baltleslups can bv used from Panama to New En Hand tu repel any hontile attack. Kur mor
' :m a Jortniiht C1 the gitbXtlar.tic fli'tt has bveu cnitaved in miinrurwa 0' V;nnianina Cnh-t
EXCELLENT PROGRESS :
REPORTED AT PLANT OF
THE NEW CORNELIA
JOINT WORK AT VERDE FIRST BULLION FROM
APEX AND THE VENTURE UNITED EASTERN MILL
HILL AHEAD RAPIDLY! SHIPPED TO THE MINT
Primary Crushing Plant Prac- Machinery Is Rapidly Being
tically Completed and for, Placed on the Ground for
Operation Ore Shipped to
Douglas for Fettling.
Excellent progress is the report re
ceived from the work now being pro-
the Sinking of Shaft to Con
nect Wtih Deep TunneL
JEROMK, Feb. ".The joint camp
of the Venture Hill and Verde Apex
secuted at the plant of the New Cor-, companies, about three miles south
nelia Copper Company and the big j west of Jerome, is a 6Cene of increas
reduction works may be completed j ing activity. All through the stormy
well within schedule time. Several j weather tne work has been Steadily
of the departments are now complete progressing. Despite , the innddr
j roads, the new 60 horsepower nort
. zontal Foort oil burning engine, also
put Many fought that purchase, but
the company has a clear profit of
(Continued on f'age Two)
and waiting for the other units.
The primary crushing plajit, the
treatle and tail track are practically
complete, with the exception of a lit
tle electrical work. This part of the
plant may be called ready for opera
tion. Work on the ore storage bin. which
is located between the primary and
secondary crushing plants is going
ahead rapidly, while at the secondary
or fine crushing plant, the elevators
are ninety per cent complete. The
placing of the stationary screens and
the completion of the oiling system
will practically finish the work on the
fine crushing plants end.
At the leaching tanks, the steel for
the central structure, which will con
tain the pumping system, is up. Six
pumps and brackets are now in place.
Work on the Hulett excavator has
been started and the transfer table is
about ninety per cent complete. Tipe
trenches are complete and the laying
the new 25 horsepower Foos hoist,
have been freighted to the mine and
placed on their foundations.
Four 1000-gaIlon water tanks and
several fuel tanks are in place. All
of the machinery has been placed in
a substantial building. 34x24 feet in
size. A hoarding house, bunk house
and other necessary buildings have
been erected. A concrete dam has
been built and water is piped to the
ramp by gravity for camp and mine
use. A substantial headframe, 32 feet
high, constructed of Oregon pine tim
ber, has also been erected.
The plan is to sink a two-compartment
shaft to a depth of 1000 feet.
The shaft, which is already down
some 50 feet or more, is on the. line
of the Venture Hill and Verde Apex
properties. At a depth of 20 feet
the shaft will connect with the Ven
ture Hill tunnel.
The engine is to drive a Sullivan
of the lead pipes will be begun Imme- compressor which is to furnish air for
diately. operating the jack hammers that are
Steel for the absorption towers has j to be used in sinking the shaft. Thia
been erected and excavation for clr- engine weighs 21.000 pounds, cora
culation pumps aud pipe trenches are ' plete, and the hoist weighs 16.000
complete. Work on the tank house pounds. The freighting of the ma
cranes is progressing rapidly. j chinery from the railroad station at
In the power house, three motor . Clarkdale to the mine was done by
generators are in place and number the Jerome Transfer company,
two turbine is about seventy-tive per
cent complete. Electrical work is
about seventy per cent complete. Con
crete work on the cooling pond has
been completed, and the suction and
discharge pipes are now being install
ed. Pipe work in the cooling pond it-,
self Is about ninety per cent complete.
Ore Is still being shipped from Hill
No. 3 to the Douglas smelter for re- i
vrrboratory fettling and a steam shov
el Is working between Hill No. 1 and
Hill No. 2. This shovel In loading
dirt and carrying it to the rail Hoe
for the fine crushing plant for ballast- .
ing purposes. '
1 The Venture Hill and Verde Apex
companies are largely financed by
I'rescott people. Ed. Shumate is pres
ident of both companies; C. T. Jolly
of Clarkdale is vice-president: Will
iam R. I'ber of Treacott is secretary
, of the Venture Hill company ant! J.
H. Robinson, also of Prrstoit, is see'
refary of the Verde Apex.
V.. L. Bartholomew, who wst (
elated for many yetirs with the Con
gress Gold and the Octave Oold min
ing rompnnies, and who has had ex
tensive experience ia the West Afri
can. Alaskan snd Mexican rolntaf
fields, is superintendent of Vols.
New Plant of Oatman Gold
Mine Makes First Clean-up.
Recovery Is Excellent in
First of .Tuning-up Process.
KINGMAN. Feb. 10. The first bars
of gold bullion produced by the big
mill of the I'nited Eastern were
brought into Kingman this eek and
shipped to the mint. While nothing
could be learned from the manage
ment as to the value of the bars, it
was authoritatively learned from oth
er sources that the clean-up of the
two weeks' run of the mill amounted
to the handsome total of $55,000.
The Vnited Eastern mill has a ca
pacity of 200 tons daily, and when it
gets down to business will be turning
out such gold bricks as were never
before seen in this county. The tun
ing up process in a new mill has to
be gotten over before the plant Is ca
pable of making a high saviug of val
ues and full crushing capacity is
reached, but the report from the I'n
ited Eastern mill is that a very hih
saving was obtained in the Initial run,
although it Is expected to better it in
the future.
The I'nited Eastern has immense
ore reserves, potisibly greater than
any other gold mine on the Pacific
coast It has been under most capa
ble management since its first cross
cut on the 300 foot level disclosed the
big ore body. Level by level was run
through th ore as each succeeding
stage was reached, und thotisands of
tons of ore opened up. The value of
the ore is very high and, with blgh
percentage of recovery, the bars of
bullion will surely continue to grow
In size as each month passes by.
Mohave county people know the
history of this great mine. It has been
one of marvels. George W. Long and
Jack Mclver started the driving of a
perpendicular shaft to reach what
they believed to be a spur of the Mg
Tom Reed vein. They had few dol
lars, but they put in their own money
and time and secured the backing of
some Kingman. Oatman and Pisbee
people, and continued ihn struggle to
get tj a depth that they thought
would be th point for a crosscut to
ward the vein. This was at 300 feet.
They encountered it and found a
bonanza. Mudd, Keith and Wiseman.
Mg men in the copper game, came in
and financed the property from that
point, snd the world is enriched by
what tbey broutbt forth.
Mining Operations in Yavapai
Continue to Increase in
Magnitude With the Ap
proach of the Spring.
OLD-TIME MINES
OPENING UP AGAIN
Gold Warrior Takes a New
Lease on Life; So do Tillie
Starbuck, Silver Belt and
Other Groups in County.
By William P. De Wolf.
PRESCOTT, Ariz.. Feb. 10 Minin
operations continue to increase in
magnitude throughout Yavapai coun
ty and are attended by ore discoveries
of importance in areas hitherto unex
plored and by ore shipments to local
and outside reduction points. A note
worthy feature is the number of old
time producers that have of late tak
en on their wonted activity und-r ore
conditions which presage a renewal
of shipments and of prosperity.
The old First Home mine in th
Big Bug district, one of a number in
that sectiou to quicken Inta activity
last year, starts off the current year
under auspicious conditions. The old
workings have b-en cleaned out. th
old shaft has been retlmbered and de
velopment woik started in the old ore
todies from which quite a large tn
nane of silver lend ore was mined
about a decade ago. The property was
takn over some months since by a
syndicate of I'rescott and Los Angeles
people. Ed Block, of Prescott. the
former owner, retains an interest. Tht
old Oriental roil!, recently bought an.l
repaired, will be used for ore reduc
tion purposes, its efficiency has been
increased by the establishing of no
oil-flotation unit.
Starts off Year Right
The- Gold Warrior Mining company
started oil' right the current year br
resuming operations in the old How
ard mine, located about eleven tuiie
south of Present t in the vicinity of
the Senator. Big Pine and Dunkirk
properties all three of the last men
tioned being on the produc tive list. In
the "SO's" a strike of hish grade ore
mas made in a shallow shaft on the
Howard and about $24.n0 worth of
free gold ore extracted. Cltim.itely.
however, financial difficulties forced
cessation of work. Prior thereto
tunnel had been started to tap th
ore body at depth It is the intention
of the company to now cont!nn the
tunnel to its objective: not so much
with the expectation of opening huh
grade ore as with the object of de
veloping a large tonnage of low grade
ore. Present operations are attended
by encouraging mineral conditions
and assays.
A 4-foot bodv of gold-copper ore
that samples $i0 per ton. is being de
veloped at a depth of 250 feet in the
shaft of ihe Gold Bloso:n Mining
company, whose liol.linsi are IocaUd
on Indian creek. Iron aud copper sul
phides feature the deposit and lead
the management to believe the mTn
will prove at depth to be a copper
producer. The showing is. in fact, so
encouraging, the company has taken
over forty acres adjoining on the
strike of the lede. The main shaft
will be continued to a depth of SO
feet before attempt is made to prove
up on the ore. Southern California
people are backing the enterprise.
Tillie Starbuck Busy
The Tillie Starbuck group, owned
by the Tillie Starbuck Mines compa
ny, is th scene of extensive miniug
operations and will probably be de
veloped into a producing mine during
1917. For ten years past. Until recent
ly, the property was owned and work
ed by Major A. J. Tlckerell. who for
many years has been identified with
the Phelsp-Dodee interests ia Arizo
na, and who is likewise interested
with Mr. James Douglas in the fam
ous I'nited Verde (Little Daisy) mia
st Jerome. Major Pickrell yet domi
nates the affairs of Tillie Starbuck
company and is in charge of its mtn
(Continued on Page Six) TVVO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 11, 1917.
CERTAIN THE FUTURE
(Cort-nr"--! Irmii jj;i.e one I
more than $15,ctn,0uii in it bo'v-iv it
has commenced voppt.-r-tuaU.ng, this
after paying all the cost of purchase
and equipment. This appears to Le
g&'Jd business, also.
Looking for Another New one.
Ami now the company is doing ex
ploratory work in the Jerome, Ariz.,
field, where it has an option on 7 tH
acres located right against United Ver
de Extension on the one side and
Green Xl'juster on the other. It took
these lands on the advice of its geolo
gical experts, is to expend JluU.oul) or
more in a shaft, drfts, drilling, etc.,
and If this gives promise of a mine
it will undouttedly continue the
search. It may not find a mine be
fore this sum has beea spent. Wit u
will do intelligent looKing and if it
hits anutaer good ni.ne. as it may,
viaed the copper industry maintains
during the second half of the year
1917, the aveiage price already con
tracted for the first six months of
1317 the Calumet & i!ila treasury
will receive in earnings trtm its sub
4id. pries alone a si.ni of $3,500,000,
figuring very conservatively.
"In order to realize iiiis iisure the
actual earni.isis of the subsidiaries ot
the Calumet &. Hecla for th yenr
1016, iecentiy closed (for the shares
of tne Caiu net & Hecla in the sub
sidiaries! v. -re $4.-n'.i(H). This is not
the total t-iif UiiS of these subsidiar
ies, nor tr. i-.vidt-uds. but the earn-
ings proportionately applied to the
Calumet c H- cla company.
"I'cder the circumstances, iu two
years, actual earnings of the profita
ble subsidiary stock is half of the
total amount invested in these same
subsidiaries, a showing which Indi
cates that the investment was, to say
the Itast, not wildly extravagant, as
was not infrequently stated r.t the
time the purchase of subsidiary stock
v.as first made public.
Showing How Earnings Varied
"Here is another interesting feat
ure: Ry the payment of the last of
four large notes, given to the Itigelow
interests in exchange for their stock
in what aie profitable subsidiaries of
the Calumet & Hecla, the entire in
debtedness is cleaned up. et the
books show that, with the exception
of two years, the dividends on sub
sidiary stock he'd by tae Calumet k
Ilecia more than paid the interest
charges on these notes. In 13 the
dividends oer;-aine the ii.teresi by
$7.S30. In 1910 the interest charge
ovenanie the dividends by $."t,si0. In
3 SI 1 the interest overcame the divi
dends by $90,355. In 13IC the big
change ca?i,e. That year the divi
dends overcame the interest by $468,
510. in 1913 by $716.79, in 1911 by
$7S,9G', in 1915 by $737,Ki. Iu lDiC
If Yoa? Sysfsn is P
with acids, you cannot know what r
is to be healthy. Acids poison the
tlood and are the source of many dis
eases affecting- the heart and arteries,
Bkin and mucous surfaces, joints and
muscles, and the brain and general
nervous system. Some of these dis
eases are Rheumatism in various
forms, Catarrh, Eczema, Pimples,
boils, rashes, and other skin diseases,
Malaria. Scrofula and pencral blood
troubles. In order to restore yourself
to & healthy coiid.Lwa, you luust drive
Winters & Murphy
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE.
MAIN STREET, LOWELL.
Propert3' listed for sale arid for rent in Lovreil, Bisbee
and Warren.
Call at office for further information.
Bargain List
We have an exceptional bargain in a seven-room
furnished house-in South Bisbee. '
Five hundred dollars cash, balance at twenty-five
dollars a month will handle a five room house in War
ren with a large cement cellar.
Liberal terms offered on a ten-room house in John
son 'dition, six rooms furnished.
L T YOUR PROPERTY WITH US.
Great Verde Extension Syndicate
Oners a small block of slock in the Great Verde Exten
sion Copper Company for quick sale at
4
SHARE
I or further particulars and free map of the Jerome Dis
trict, call or write
A. C. ANDERSON
K preen'ative for Souti'.em Arizona, located in W. N.
Edwards. RcA E-t iie Oificr.
Muheim Building
0 e 'divider. iJ.s received by the C ilu
yet & Hecla ti- ?s;iry lv its &ubuU
ir ownership Mere approximately
$2 5f!.0e0 so that the total to date
rot h ed in riivh'-'nds. over the p.bjve
nti-r: is l.:'.i2.r.72.
'TI-.e I i ;;e'ow notes repre.vnted in
ut::l '.wlP.UW. TUey vere paid off,
;:it of te Calumet A: Hecla earnings
and subsidiary earnings much sooner
than oiigin-'.lly planned. There was
one five pr cent note, for three years
of $1,700,000; another five per cent
f:r ten years of $1,000,000; another,
same terms, for Jl.fiSo.OOO. and the
last r.nd heaviest a four per cent note
far $4,437,000, due two years hence.
This has been called in and will be
paid this week.
"This total a vour.t did not repre
sent, by any means, the outlay of the
Calumet & Hecla in its stock owner
ship iu various subsidiaries. For in
stance the Higclow syndicate, which
at that time controlled the Osceola
Consolidated, really owned a very
' small amount of Osceola slock and
the Calumet & Hecla was compelled
i (o buy, in the open tparket. more
stock than they secured from liige
. low. The Centennial and Allouez, se-,
' cured from other interests entirely,
; were tiaid for out of the Calumet &
; ll.-cla treasury. At this time few of
, tfct se p;ni rtif s weie paying divi-d'-m?s.
ii:o.-t of them wer? e?:ploratcry.
Present Market Value of the Shares
1 "Today the market valuation of
thc-. stocks and non of them has
j b"-en a market feature, nor have the
; prices go'ie to a point anywhere com
parable to their earnings and Calumet
1 tc Hecla stocks are looked upon as
uniavonible from the speculatots'
.point of iew as the management is
; entirely engnjssed in mining and not
marketing hoc;.-- is approximately
; S2l,.!),"'0,o00. I refer to the market val
ue of the shares owned by the Calu
met & H'da.
"The liigelow grocp. for instance,
total at least $15,930,000, figuring Cal
umet & Hecla's interest in Ahmeek
nt $10.mo,0"0, in Osceola at, $3,000,
; lino, in Isle Itoyale $1.155.o0(, the divi
i dend on Tamarack as close to a mil
lion, the sale of Seneca and the pay
ment of the outstanding indebtedness,
.arripd on the Calumet A: Hecla
books; as money loaned for exploring
that property, pt $7"5,0ti0. resides
ir.ese there are the Cliff, Laurlum,
Fronteiiac, including the old Central,
" Slanttou and a number of others which
' have a substantial taxable and actual
val le, tut i;o market values.
"The interest which Calumet &
Tecla owns in Allonez is $2,900,000,
n Centennial $1,000,000, in La Salle
'eo0.000. Sunerior $750,000. White
I'ine and Gratoi'. can be figured at ap
rrjximaMy $l.fluo,0"0, for the Calu
met Ji Hecla is assured of the reini
'.UTse.'if nt of every dollar spent in
'he White I ine ar.d half of the pro
p's. The Gratoit is optiunod to the
.'visson interests, who have taken
there acids from your system
and
purify your blood.
S. S. S. has been purifying1 and re
vitalizing the blood of thousands for
f.fty years. It is a purely vegetabte
remedy, and is the most efficient agent
known for cleansing the blood and
buildinj up the system.
Ask for it at your druggist's, and
don't accept a substitute. For special
medical advice vrie to Medical De
partment, Swift Specilic Co, 308 Swift
Building, Atlanta, Ga.
Bie-vcy Gulch.
over the Penei a and it is likely the pend either by the purchase of adjoin-o-iion
will !ie eyr'is"d. :o tpt Gra- ing properties in the same or nearby
,r wiM ret "rn o ts Calu-Te Hrc- districts. Some prominent and suc
the half million exnendt d in the ! cessful mining organizations take the
Tort to secure to' inercia! copi er Island that when a mine is worked out
'"-'' . the organization goes to pot, the ma-
tr"an-ien Hi? Proved Pref?'. cliinery ouglit to be scrapped and the
'Tnder the circumstances the ex- -i;Tairs wound up.
nnnsion policy in the case of the Decided to Add to Holdings.
Calumet & Hecla proved a good thine "it was less than nine years ago
from every stpndnwnt. As it stands
now all earnings of subsidiaries are
'velvet' for the Calumet & Hecla I
treasury, then it will have been very;
well repaid "for its time and money. I
In this way mines are found, and this,
Gadsden property looks good enough company had a wonderfully efficient
to them to warrant a little money be- organization. It had great quantities
ing spent on it. of copper conglomerate rock still un
About the Actual Cost. mined. It ha dthe Osceola atnygda
While one hears this venture op- loid, right parallel, showing fairly
posed, occasionally, it is criticised by good results. It had millions in vest
people who do not stop to consider ed in its enormous mining, milling and
what the cost is. This $100,000 tha smelting plant. Some of the conglom
the company is to put into the Gads erate shafts were at the end of their
den explorations is being earned by usefulness.
the company in two and one-third "The management determined that
days. Its profits from its present op- its wonderful organization not only
erations would pay for it all in two should be maintained, but should be"
and one-third days. Now, that's a improved and brought up to a state of
pretty small thing to complain about? higher efficiency. It likewise deter-,
And it gives one an idea of what this
company is now accomplishing? Not
so bad? And if it finds a good de
posit of copper ore on the Gadsden,
as it may, and as we hope, it will get
this little expenditure back with good
interest. Should it find only 1.000
tone of ore yielding 5 per cent, then
the profit on that at present-day rates
would be about $2,000,000. It's well
worth trying for, and there's the
chance for finding several million
tons.
Cocoer Queen Also Busy.
Copper Queen has taken over much
additional territory in the Bisbee field
in the last several years. It has also
secured precious metal lands in the
Tombstone, Arizona, district, and im
portant holdings in the Tyrones, of
which we nmde mention in our last
issue. It knows the value of getting
things while yet they are to be had.
It has picked itp mineral lands in
many fields and is still looking for
more. The Phelns, Dodge Company,
in which it is included, is one of the
progressive operators in copper, coal
end other minerals.
So It Is in Butte.
The Anaconda Copucr couioany, the
greatest in copper production in nil
the world, has constantly added to its
original holdings. It took over Rutte
Coalition and many other copper and
zinc nroducers in B-.itte. it has large
interests in Inspiration and other
American camps and in properties
abroad. It also has coal and timber
lands and important portions of some
of the big copper and zinc smelters of
the country. It is going to try to
ii:untan its position at the top just as
long as it can and is insuring its min
eral supply for the years to come.
Kennecott Copper Mergers.
Kennerott copper, with its base in
Moska, end with a record that put it
n fourth dace in the copper list in
1?16, has high holdings in I'tah Con
ner. Nevada Consolidated and others.
It is striving to be the greatest copper
producer on earth.
On Lake Superior.
Spesking of the success. of Calumet
& Hecla Copper company in its asso
ciation with other coucerns. Homer
Gtick. in tho Houghton Mining Gazct-
te. has the following very interesting
account :
"In the course of the history of every
great mining corporation, with the
exception of a few in isolated districts
tliore comes the time when the man-
accmcnt is put to it to decide as to
whether they are going
to confine
their future operations entirely to the
limitations of their property or to ex-
WOMAN COULD
HARDLY STAND
Restored to Health by Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound.
Fulton, N. Y. "Why will women
pny out their money for treatment ami
receive no benefit.
when no many have
proved that Lydi
E. Prnkbam's Vege
table Compound
will mnke them
well ? For over a
year I suffered to
from ferns! weak
ness I could hardly
stand and was
afraid to go on thfl
street alone. Doc
tors said medicines
were useless and only an operation
would help me. hut Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound has proved It
otherwise. I am now perfectly well
and can do any kind of work." Mrs.
NiuiE Phelps, care of R. A. Rider,
K.F.P. No. 5, Fulton, K Y.
Wc wish every woman who suffers
f-om fem8lo troubles, nervousness.
t-:"kacbe or the blues could see the lst,-t-i
s -a r-tt'n Lywpmrttn8d?w-pi y Lv
E rinkham's Vefetable Crmp-'jn'i.
If vcu have be fyrr.ftor.ssr.d (iirit
i)nderesnd th r-iiife :iti l- th
Lvdia E. Pinkh3ir Medicm Co.. lo rn,
Llass., for helpful edvice given free.
I 111 i i 1 1 M I I I I II I It (i
when the Calumet & Hecla corpora
tion, the earliest and. for many years.
the largest copper producing property
in the world, decided upon the policy'
Qf expansion. A survey of the results
are. at this time, interesting. The'
mined that its great surface plant
should be mutually and advantage
ously utilized to the benefit of numer
ous smaller mines in the immediate
vicinity of the Calumet & Hecla.
"This determination resulted in the
purchase by the C" & H. of substan
tial interests in numerous other prop
erties in the Lake Superior district.
At the time of the purchase only two
of the properties were making a pro
fitable showing. The Calumet &
Hecla spent over $20,000,000 in secur
ing a partial interest in An meek, i
Alouez. Centennial. Cliff. Gratiot, Isle i
Koyale, I -a Salle, Lauriuni. Osceola.
.Seneca. Superior Tamarack, White
Pine and a complete interest in other
properties, none of which is returning
anything to the company.
And fiV:n the view point of the sub
sidiaries they have been successful be
yond expectations. Isle Koyale, oper
ating under other names before the
Calumet & Hecla itself was discov
ered, never paid a dividend in her
whole history until it became a Calu
met A: Hecla subsidiary. Three now
have been paid. A Hours, for 35 years,
up arid down and out with a regu
larity that make the slock a market
figure and little else, now is on a pro
Stable producing basis, g'ood for at
least 20 years at at least 10.000,000
pounds a jear. These are two bril
liant examples.
"Osceola Consolidated last year ac
tually earned $2D a share and is far
from going to the wall as anticipated
a few years ago. The Souih Kear-
arge its richest mine is of course ,
Hearing its end but the North Kcar-
sarge and the old Osceola both have
possibilities brighter now than ever
before, both in the quality of rock and '
the possibility of handling lower grade i
rock.
Ahmeek Is Best of All.
"Ahmeek has been the richest and
best purchase of all and Tamarack
the biggest disappointment Ahmeek's
production has practically doubled
since it came under the Calunut &
Hecla domination.
"The results accomplished for the
shareholders of the subsidiaries arc
not quite as notable as those accom
plished for the employes. There was
3 time when men working for the
Calumet & Hecla mine always gut j
:norc pay for less work than they did !
any where in the Lake Superior dis-
" " " "u' """ 1
others were struggling, noor and
poor
i-ouldu't pay if the management want-j
cd to. Now the best wages paid any- i
where in the world lVr mining are i
paid in the LoRe Superior district.
When the Calumet a Hecla announces!
- i raise in wages it. includes not oiiiy
the working men who are employed j
hi nit- ru n i aluinct ic. Ilecia or the
Ahmeek. but tlio.e who are working
at tiie Superior and those at the lde
itojaie or me ijt salle where there is ,
no protil at ail rr where the margin
is slim and the jjrade of rock very
Much Opposition to Play.
"When tiiis policy ef expansion was
al its nioj.t critical point there wt re
diUiculties that ior a time made its
complete success look a loni; ways iiuo
the luture. When the Calumet &
Ilecia promised a consolidation of ail
::iibsidiaries with the main parent
company there resulted Ioiir drawn
)out litigation from shareholders of
.subsidiaries who did not like the con
ditions and terms. t'ltimatt ly the
i onsolid.it i ii was dreppc-d. Then camel
the Mover strike villi ilo car ot ,
terror aud difficulties. Hut tv offM-t i
these unfavorable difficulties atu: (be I
tiuusu.il price for the metal whi.b con-!
i tunics to prevail.
Big Sales at High Prices.
i "As to the future no one t-aij loir
tell what will result, but at the pres
ent lime Calumet ti U il l and all sub
sidiaries have sob) i he bui'i of their
copper for the Urst si months of the
present year at better than '8 cents
a pound am some small sales have
becu made as high as o5 cents. With
in ti. weeks the copper situation l'r
the last six months of 1917 vill b:
known (Jetiiiitely and it is not ca4
eratini, the truth to Mate that .oo'i
judges expect the average price to be
i't least o't leul.V
Great Combinations ot Iron Mines,
T'(l lti-ll!!iatr,u tut" e.,t ai :OUJ
treu utiuiu& Vitjuu-i'iv'j his t-ivu j.
T"!1mi.i. ! 'b- "pi r tu:
tj:t acf.- hi a leeu 0 ePt .f'Jt?I
Mjl-ih'y to the md'ii'rj, making t'
tetter lor both the producer and cou-
sumer, who previous 'o this course
were conducting tl.eir afiairi at no
little risK, variations iu maihtl price..
Keeping them con.-lanil in a nerv'jus
condition.
oleel Was Great Organizer.
Wneil I'niieU ;Si..tU-s Steel came ilico
tne luilu.iK uislricl ot tne Ljkv o i
perior region to injure tueir suppli
oi one ot the principal elements in
the manulaciure ot iron and steel,
they purchased very liberally of mine.4
at prices which many then i-ouideieu
too high. We have in mind the se
curing of the Lake Superior and Set
t.'jn twenty-one properties in the lai.
pemiugv field ana the Champion mine
at Beacon, this county, which trans
actions included the fee of these proi
erties. The price paid was ridiculous
ly low based on the real value in irou
ore reserves and equipment for min
ing. Prominent properties in the City
of Nagaunee were also secured on the
royalty basis.
Agents Did Great Work.
The mining agents jf the corpora
tion did splendid work lor their or
ganization in the recommending ann
securing of many mines on this and
other ranges, and the. prices paid were
invariably ery low. Many millions
were made in a few years in the ap
preciation of iron ore properties gen
erally. The principal mines on the
.Menominee range were houuht, while
the same was true of the Gegobii
range. On the Mesaba very heavy' in
terests were obtained and this v.as
so pronounced finally that the corpora
tion actually threw back seeral big
mines thinking this act might lessen
the objection to their holdings. This
was a mistake, in our opinion, as
the surrendering of several big leases
did not relieve the corporation fi'jsn
(Concluded on Page Six)
FEW DROPS AND
CORNUFTS OUT
Says there is no excuse for cut
ting Corns and inviting
lockjaw.
Sore corns, hard t'jrns, soft corns
or any kind of a corn can harmlessly
be lifted risht out with the finders if
you will apply directly upon the corn
a few drops of freezon,", says a Cin
cinnati authority
It is claimed that at small cost one
can set a quarter of an ounce of freez
cne at any drug sl'ore. which is suffi
cient to rid one's feet of every corn
sr' callus without pain or soreness or
the danger of infection.
This simple tlrus, while sticky, dries
the moment it is applied and does not
inflame or even irritate the surround
ing tissue.
This ann'juncenient will interest
many women here, for it is said that
the present high-heel fbotwear is pu-t
ting corns on practically every' wom
an's feet. Advertisement.
MEAT INJURIOUS
TOTHE KIDNEYS
Take a tablespoonful of Salts
if Back hurts or Bladder
bothers Meat forms
uric acid.
We are a nation Vf meat eaters and
o-ir blood is tilled with uric acid. sas
a wcll-knowu authority, who warns
r.s to be constantly on guard against
l.idncy trouble.
The kidneys do their utmost to free
the blood of this irritating acid, but
become weak from the overwork: the
:-et sluggish: the diminutive tissues
t '.'jg and thus the waste is retained iu
tiie blood to poison the entire system.
When your kidneys ache and feci
like lumps of lead, and you hae
stinging pains in the back or the urine
i:i cloudy, lull of sediment, or the
bladder is irritable, obliging you to
.;eck relief during the night; whea
you have severe headaches, nerxous
:-.nd tli?zy spells, slet plessness, H h
litomach '.r rheumatism in bad weath
er, get from your pharmacist abo'ii.
four ounces of .lad Salts; take a tahK--.poonful
in a glass of water before
breakfast each morning and in a lev.
days your kidneys will act line. Thi.i
anions salts is made from ill.- acid of
v.rapes and lemon juice, combined :th
lithia. and has been used lr i:eiiera
tions to liush and stimulat'; clogged
Sidneys, to neutralize the aeiils in
;irine so it is no longer a source of
irritation, thus ending urinary and
biadder disorders.
.lad Salts is it'exnciish e ai;d cannot
injure; makes a delightful effcrx esceti'
lithia-water drink, and nobody can
make a mistake by takin:; a little oc
casionally to keep the kidneys titan
:;nd actre. ( Ad "rtisemcnt )
Vitolox
i'bis word means LIFE and strength.
..'be it aud you will know that the
e.iuie is ju.st rilit.
VITOLOX ' imriucii the Mood, cor
.'its disorders o( tit-" slomacU, im
proves the rtpe(ite. tca.s U the kid
aud a sure i-Uot for rheuv-iutifin
.t a bottle at any diu.c ttore, il.eo ,.r
J for $5.l)u.
SAYS BODY IS A
v
11
Urges everyone to drink gloss
or hot water berore
BreakrasL.
Just as col, when it burns, leaves
j behind a certain amount of iiicom
j bustibie material in the iorm of ashes,
'so tne tood and drink taken day atU'r
J day leaves in tiie alimentary canal a
i certain amount of indigestible ma
jterial, which if not completely eli
i minuted lroin the system each day. be-
comes food for the millions of bacteria
which infest the bowels. Krom this
mass of leftover waste, t'jxuis and
ptomain-like poisons are formed and
sucked into the blood. '
When and women who can't f.et feel
ing rigut must begin to take inside
I baths, before eating breakfast each
; morning drink a glass of real hot
I water with a teaspoonful of limestone
ph'jsphate in it to wash out of the
i thirty feet of bowels the previous day's
J accumulation of poisons and toxins and
! to keep the entire alimentary canal
j clean, pure and fresh,
j Those who are subject to sick head
j ache, colds, biliousness, constipation,
others whj wake up with, bad taste,
toul breath, backache, riieiynatic stiff
ness, or have a sour, gassy stomach
after meals, are urged to pet a quarter
pound or limestone pho.-phate from
th? drug stoer, and begin practicing
internal sanitation. This will cost
very little, but Is sufficient to make
anyone an enthusiast on the subject.
Remember inside bathing is n.Ore
important than outside bathing, be
cause the skin pores do not absorb
impurities into the blood, causing poor
: health, while the bowel pores do.
.Just as soap and hot vater cleanse-, j
sweetens and freshens the skin, so j
btt water and limestone phosphate ,
act on the stomach, liver, kidneys and
bowels. (Advertisement)
HEINO & KEANE
Cleaning, Pressing and Re
pairing $1.25 a Suit.
- Suits from $25 to $55.
All work done on the premises
by Union Tailors.
Phone G77, Johnson Addition.
Bettor cfcnur.t.-rfotU
WVVMWVrVWi
Our Want Adds Bring Result
rUloUii rAulUnl 2 s ac w e -
I fiAAAAAAAAA.WljVrWlAAriAAA. '
Watkins k Bergquist
Quality Jewelers
The Best Opticians
r
4
The
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best ot everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 50c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $35;
$9 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York, and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL MARKS. Mc.r. LOWELL
. .MAMflMnQ
rifiTfinv she fcau z -Tft a 3 a3 s m
DIAMONDS
DIAMONDS
DIAMONDS
DIAMONDS
DIAMONDS
WATCHES
WATCHES
WATCHES
WATCHES
WATCHES
WATCHES
L. L. Gilman
EYE NERVE GLASSES
-sj,. Permanently located
in Bisbee. except
' yiJN Mondays in Douglas.
Room 1, Maze
Uuilding.
DR. R. GLAZE, Neurologist.
Phone 156.
O. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
CpposUe Depot. Ambulance
Have tna
CITY PARK TAILORS
make your next aulL 3000 pat
terns to pick from. Under new
city park, Bisbee.
UEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicit Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
. ii' : ;-i.tjisn iisiiu.
TFB
U 11.1 . k , X
c A "". v ;
Store
READY FOR WORK
l eiupnscs j!l that's- nect-s. ary to
Ircdicaie of i;ie many paints oi
the 1: r.-t pra.ie whith are here
fir your M-iection and mr. liace.
li's. our i)u;iii-.-.s lo know paint.-,
to keep on h;u:d a Mipply ol'
paiuts with f hU h to t.U yonr
ord Ti-. to buy them rvasonaUy
pri'.-'t and to ell them with
only a sniuT nciicm el proht.
I'ardnu u.-- tor sjyi.ig tUat
Know our b-.iMlict- t-aiid atteud
to it. to out mutual pront.
Company, in
CAR STOP,
PHONE 25.
CCWA "!iU;a V.. avl .. id c...yj
WWW 'eT-rV i'i t ..... ! .u ii. , r,, V
M TV. :!- n..r of rrar v
f THE BISBEF. DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 11, 1917.
THREE
j S 0 CIETY
SOCIAL CALENDAR
Mrs. V. P. Sims, musicale, Fcbru
ary 15.
Mrs. Jamos Flanigan. bridge tea
February H-
Dorcas Club, Mrs. C. II. Hunt. Feb
niary
Soiree Club. Mrs. Harry Seeley,
February 21.
Mrs. W. K. OxshiHT. luncheon. Fib'
niary 17.
Mrs. Charles
Hound Dozen Club
Bid ley. February 14.
Anona Club. February IS.
Twentieth Century Club. February
Ihe 16th.
Woinans Club. February cn rrc-nt
events.
M. E. Aid. February 15. Mrs C. Y.
Allen.
Baptist Sunday School ftitortaiii
liient. February 22.
. Valentine Party. Anona Club. Feb
ruary 14.
Women's Bowlinjr Club party. Mrs.
Z. W. Scott. February 15.
Woman's Leaauo, Mrs. C. S. Thomp
son. March 7.
St. John's Guild. Mrs. W. Sutton,
I' binary 15.
V. V. C. A. Board mectinir. Febru-
ary 13.
Monday Musicale, February 17. 1
:
The Monday Musicale club met at
the Y. W. C. A. and enjoyed a pro-
giam under the charge of Mrs.
Wertz. on the opera "Carmen." Aft
er the musical number th choruses
were rehearsed, and plans completed
for the coming concert of the club.
The next program will he under the
direction of Mrs. Frank Juliff and
the program will be "Robin Hood,"
February' 17.
Mrs. William Pruette Sims will en-
tertain with a musical Thursday. Feb- , Mesdames J. W. Kleine. E. G. Ruffnrr,
ruary 15. at her home on Tombstone ! M. Xewtnan, C. Trishka, F. I- Wil
Canvon. liams, P. M. lluck waiter, W P. Sims,
The officers of the First Cavalry
and their wives and friends enter- I
Amazing Power of Bon-Opto
To Make Weak Eyes Strong
Doctor Says It Strengthens
Eyesight 50 per cent in One
Week's Time in Many Instances
Free Preeriptfon You Cn Have
Filled and Use at Home
Victims of eye stir. in Mid other eye
wenkueoses :iiid thc '. wear k!:-'s,-s-will
tx' glad In know tlmt according i"
Dr. Ia-wik there is real lio-ii and 1 1; for
tie 'in. Many whose eye;; .ver faiiim; iy
they have biil their eye i'ti 1 Isy this
reninrkahle pr.'s.-ripti. i! ;ied luauy who
once wore glasses say tli- y I. : i '. throw p
them-away. One n.aii s;;,. aiier u-icg
it: "I was almost liiuiu. ouni uot si-"'
; , . .. k- 1 . ,. , ,1 ..,. l'iii-iHiiuation nm ri:r.es will nm.- v .
to rend ,,t all. A I 1 H i I -: -. ,ifsilp,M..ir. If-y.,ar eves IW Vo l even
rhitiBWUiio-.it my glasses ?ii .1 0 e, -s ,. . . -s ; -
not bun any mole At ii.slit -J.e.v won lK:1V!. .w t)'.w ,v.f(lro it js ,..
pnin , Uread'ully N.w U:. . t ft.-- all. j,..,,.. ,,;,, IujBUt L.,Vl. .. ,
frwh!,' nra,;TJf Jh"y l!:'d tie,.
I bore y'iin d hr.yy .ir. 'u v.UiMtiil
f!:wei, ttuT ;:f:T uI: f! i r M'lipli'Ui
f4r iin4'n days cv i.vthi:i;' .. r
1 uii rend v:u li:i. print without
glasses." .un:h-r who i1. wiys: !
wjit bitth'iMi wiili 4yt siJturi ;.!!" 1j
vrrwur :o. tin d v :Mi inluHN!
li roe li:td:K-!cu. I v.'rn p!-"e4 for
s"Vr:iI yej:r. t 1i for ;.;;; -w ::i.d vml:
red without iiitiu 1 nmiM n t r-vid my
(iwu ii:i:u ii :ta pv hp' or t!i typ"
writiiiR iu tli" iti:i vA " w I
-:.a i ImtL imw mid Ijuvo distttnSfl uiy
iotijT diNtitlx) pla'-st's n !t;,'t)'fr. i ctiti
Nunt th fliUT'-iin !c;i"s mi iht trw
txvrtw thi stiv t if . Mhii4i for jm-vtM
years h:ive lM.kd Jil n (ii'n e"n lilur
t me I ;iiiint xpr..., my jv at whnt
it hn done f-tr in-."
It ik fot'Hend (liat tlioiryaTidM who wenr
pirisst -au now dis4-ard liii'fn in :i reitwi-
FOR
Real
Automobile
S
ervice
GO TO
THE BEST EQUIPPED GARAGE
Our Mechanical Department Open Until 9 Every Night.
We Rebuild, Repair and Charge ALL MAKES OF
STORAGE BATTERIES.
BEST MACHINE SHOP IN THE DISTRICT.
Largest Stock of Tires and Supplies in the County.
BROPHY GARAGE
Lowell -
tained w iili a dancing party at Camp
Hany J. Jones, iKuifjlas, Friday
cvenins Dancim wa.s enjoyed until
midnight, when n luncheon of chick
en salad, olives, hot rolls,. -and eof
fee was scrvd. The Bisbc-e guests
were Miss lottie MtKeo. and her
fiifst. Miss Fisher of Michigan:
Miss Pond. Lieutenant Hess: Mcs
dames Cuirv and Caldwell: Mr. and
Mrs. Eugenia Broughton. Miss Mae
Curry and Lieutenant Howell: Mr.
land Mrs. L. I. Oilman. Mr. and Mrs.
F. I.. Williams. Mts. Ross Moon. Miss
Kaiheryn
Hipp and Wis Beatrice .
William
.Mrs. James Flanian will entertain
at bridge tea at her home Wednes
day afternoon. February H.
The Woman club entertained on I
Fridav afternoon with cards, the clan j
members bltis hostesses at the tab
bies. Prizes were jiiven each table,
and delicious sandwiches, salad, cof
fee and cake wi re nerved.
Miss Lottie McKee entertained
three tables. Riving beautiful prizes j Smith. G. II. Fitzperald. R. S. Beaton,
for the three highest scores. Her ; M. P. Johns, MKee, V M. Johnson,
guests were Mesdames Fox of Doug- j C. M. Gibson and Misses Lottie Mc
las. Roy Sims of Louglas. J. P. WI1-1 Kee and Fisher.
liamson, C. Gibson, C. H. Philbrook, j
A. R. Pearson, G. H. Fitzgerald. T. !
I.. Blair. Cunningham and Mrs. Fisher
ar.d Pond.
Ths guests of Mrs. Howard Sterlin
were Mesdames Arthur Xotnian, J. E.
Curry, X. C. Itledsoe and E. A. Fol
fto:n. Mis. Frank Juliff entertained
Mesdames Hillman. Drury. and Comji
ton. S. H. Kyle entertained Mesdames
Sheetz, Miss Mary Fitzpatrlck and
Miss Cornelia Ellinwood.
Mrs. Finney's guests were Mes
dames Bevens and Cummlngs.
Mrs. O. Omar Rhodes entertained
and Miss Louise Williams. j
Mesdames F. L. t oles and M. New-
able time and multitudes mere will be
:ible to stn-ngthen their eyes so as to be
spured the ti-n:ble mid expense of ever
getting giasso. Eye troubles of main
descriptions jmiv 1"' wonilerfully benettied
by the use of iliis tn-serilt!on ut honn
o to any active drug store nnd get .-
bottle 'f Dun-' lto tablets. Drop !;
ot!-(pio tabli t ia a fourth of :i g'as of
water and let it dissolve. With this
liquid bathe the eyes two to four liiiu-s
iaily. Yoii should notiee your eye 1 .1.
up ieri-epti!ily lislit from the start. :u'.i
o; 11 m re Tiei f i. m nml r. .!eivj vtll
Neter Anr-tV.cr prorrjintit fMiyHnn to Tlitm
tli hnvo nrtirlt submitted. Hid: Yes
IIjc lon-Opto pirTintioii is tnily a ondtf'nl
rt'icitly. Ii4t.i:stituriit inrr-liciits are wrll
kno it t omim-iTt vyc siK'iiilistf nd widely
presvtlHil Iy them. I have use! it very nur
fsIuH in ny ou ii praetiev un patients whic
vMa vcfc f.tmii;--i throtirti overwork or lui.-rit
r)H!o. I en hi lilv re)ni'ieiKj it in e of
we:;k. witen , iifliia, Hiuartirii;, itehirtc, hurrn
i'ir eves. rxt HK. lJurTil vision or for eyen
i':ttiu'd f' ni 'M.iire to Miioke, miii. dut-t or
v i:ni. I i oik ttf the very lew preparations I
fW1 !oiiU) In; kopt n h tml for rejrulnr u?e in
almost everv family." Uon-Opto, reterretl to
n!;ovf. in not n p:tent medicine or it sceret
renuvJi. It is an ethical preparation, the for
riMit heiitjr priiifc on Dh? p:iekave. Hie ntart
uf.etim-rs frunraiitee it to tnnxthen eyesia:lit
On iHreMt iii oik? week's time in many instnm-r
or refnml the inorH-y. It can be ohtHinetl frtnit
btiV rood druL'uist and H old in this city by
B1SBEE DRUG CO.
& SUPPLY CO.
- Arizona.
man entertained Mesdames W. A.
Schwam. C. II. Moore. P.. W. Xorton.
M Dushfim. R. C. Campbell. A. M.
Smo.k. Ross Moon. l I- (Oilman.
Case- and Klcine.
The fMiests of Mcsilatnes XI. V..
, Coovcr ami Spires were Mesdames
j Jnhn Treii, K. P.. Warner, Vance
! Johnson. Pert Hurst. C. 11. Bowker.
' l.vnn, Hudson. Frank JulilT. 1. F. Bur-
cess, J. P. Conally. C. II. Hunt.. Mi
i'ellan and Misses Kathryn Hipp and !
Pelle Fit zpat rick. Airs. G. Trishka
entertained Mesdames C. S. Hieslar.
Theodore Ihinlap. C.olhviizer. and F.
(!. Beckner.
A pretty bridge, party was piven
Tuesday afternoon at her borne in
Warren by Mrs. C. S. Hieslar. The
j rooms were attractively decorated injtlieir president. Mrs. Allie Wickerman
violets and Pink carnations, llntlse
was enjoyed in the afttirnoon. the
hish score in points being won by
Mrs. G. H. Fitzgerald, who received
a hand embroidert-d card table cov
er. Thi' honor score was won by
I Miss Fisher, uuest of Miss Uittie
McKee, who received a bo of corre-
spondence cards. A
three course
luncheon was served to Mesdamesl
C. 11. Powder. Tl. Cunningham, A. R.
Pearson, T. Dunlap. E. F. Irvins. E.
E. Frilitfs, G. O. Rhodes. F. G. Geck
ner. C. Trishka. W. O. Evans. C.
Mrs. C. H. Hunt entertained the
Womans league of the Presbyterian
! church at her home on Mosan hill.
Thursday afternoon. After a short
invited to the dining room and were
business meeting, the guests were
invited to the dining room and were
served with sandwic hes, tea and cof
fee. Mesdames Thomas and D. H.
Kyle, presiding. Mrs. Williams,
Misses Ixiuise Williams and Kjithryn
Hipp assisted. The next meeting of
the league will be held at the home
of Mrs. C. S. Thompson, March 7.
The meetin? of the Porr-as t-lub
has been postponed from Thurpday.
February 1.. to Friday. February 1C.
and the hostess Will be Mrs. C. H.
Hunt.
The Woman's Howling club met at
the home of Miss Lucille Watkins.
Monday. February 5. A new member
of the club is Mrs. Drury, and the
names before the club for membership
were Misses Maude Terrel, Marie
Bartlett and Katherine Regan, and
these will be initiated the next meet
ing. Delicious refreshments were
served to Mesdames Heath, Prury,
Watkins. Scott. Tonkin and Misses
Kennedy and Watkins. The club has
planned to entertain the team that
won the trophy from Douglas, Thurs
day. I'V bitiaiy 15, at the home of Mfs.
... W. Scott in Warren.
Members of the I-adies of Elkdom
vere entertained Wednesday at the
flub rooms. A luncheon of mulligan,
pi -Ules. olives, sandwiches and coffee
ii served by the hostesses. Mes
duoies Rretherton. II. E. Wooten.
K:vi Marks, Frank Duval, and John
Two'ney. "Five Hundred" was en
ioved in the afternoon, the high score
utlaK won by Mrs. J. E. Rothenbers.
The prize was a hand-painted mayon- j
naise dowi. I lie next meeting will
be February 21.
Members of the Knights of Colum
bus entertained their friends with a
party at the club Thursday evening.
The guests ;en joyed dancing and cards
and fruit punch was served through
out the evening.
A rehearsal of the choruses of the
Monday Musicale club has been called
for Monday, February 12 at the Y.
W. C. A. !
f Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Truax and Mrs.
j H. Asher entertained a number of ,
; friends at their home in Sulphur
' Springs valley last week. The guests !
. were Miss Lucy Caretto, Mr. and
I Mrs. M. J. Reardon. W. II. Holm, Mr.
and Airs. Tmnr. James Mallev nnt '
i Mrs. J. Woods. Chicken pot pie,
! cream spaghetti, olives, pickles, cof
: fee and cream pie were served
Mrs. J. R. Russel was hostess to the
i liaptist aid Thursday afternoon. Fol
, lowing a short business session, a so
! cial hour was enjoyed, the guests be-
; ing served with raisen bread sand
I wiches, devilled ham sandwiches, cof
; fee and tea. Those present were
Mesdames W. E. Oxsheer. F. M. Har
; ris. C. A. I'lnnkett, J. H. llranaman,
i W. G. Bryan, M. U Ilutler. IL E. Mor
! gan, F M. Pitman. J. A. Reed, Anna
i Gannon, Stoghill, O. W. Harshaw, W.
j II. Cooper, Taber, Hearlson, Mathena
' Holliday and Scott.
' Mrs. C. S. Wilson was hostess to
i the Soiree club at her home in Quarry
1 Canyon Thursday aftemoVm. The par
' ty was for Mrs. James Flanigan.
i "Five Hundred" was played. Grape,
. truit salad, sandwiches, olives, relish.
coffee and mints were served. The
high score was won by Mrs. James
Flanigan, who received a dainty prize. I
The guests were Mesdames Harry ,
Serley. Charles Hear, W. A. Tonkin,
J. W. Srott, Sullivan, E. I?. Matthews,
and J. E. Kotbenberger.
The St. John's Guild was entertain- j
ed at the home of Mrs. Fatten on
Mason Hill Thursday afternoon. Cake, '
coffee and tea were eerved to Mes-;
dames Walter O'Malley, Gollwltzer. E. j
R. Benett, F. E. Shine, T. Hoy. I. F. I
Burgess and M. P. Johns. '
j Messrs. Kara, Mohler ami O. A.
Johnson were hosts to n cabin party
!'" Jifserville Friday. Toe juesrs eu-
joyed curds, games and music and
were served with sandwiches, coflee.
tdives. potato flakes and candy. The
quests were Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Heilar,
Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Irwin, Mr. and Mrs.
Ross Cunningham. Mr, and Mrs. Ted
Ounlap. Mr. and Mrs. C. M. Gibson,
Mr. and Mfs. M. II. Holm. Miss Quiiin.
Miss Kulht-rine Began and Mr. Kaslus
Hatley.
The women of the Catholic church
will entertain with a dancinc party
at the Knishts of Columbus hall Tues
day. Feb. 13.
The members of the Rebekah lodge
are preparing for the annual visit or
of Tucson. Mrs. Xettie Tonkin has
charge of the degree staff. The ban
quet committee Is composed of Mes
dames Dollie Dicks, Florence Foster.
Lillian Rlair and the recreation com
mittee composes Mesdames Xettie
Tonkin. Miss Maude Perry and Hilda
Toland.
Four members will b initiated.
Mrs. R. A. Eretherton entertained
at bridge at her home in Quarry Can
yon Thursday afternoon. Dainty re
freshments were served. High score
was won by Mrs. V. O. Donnell. Those
present included Mesdames F. A. Ma
ther. Warner, Silverthorn, Gannon,
Snrtck, Tesdell, Taylor, Hudson.
O'Donnell, Livingston, ' Eddy and the
hostess.
A special meeting of the civics de
partment of the Twentieth Century
club has been set for Tuesday, Feb. 13,
I at 1 p. m.. at the Y, M. C. A.
Chamberlain's Tablets.
These Tablets are intended espe
cially for disorders of the stomach,
liver and bowels. If you are troubled
with heartburn, indigestion or consti
pation they will do you good.
(Advertisement)
COMB SAGE TEA
INTO GRAY HAIR
Ladies! Try this! Darken beautifully
and nobody can tell Bring back
its gloss and youthfullness.
Common garden sage, brewed into a
heavy tea. with sulphur and alcohol
added, will turn gray, streaked and
faded hair beautifully dark and luxiri
ant Mixing the Sage Tea and Sulphur
recipe at home, though, is troublesome
An easier way is to get the ready-to-use
preparation improved by the addition
of other ingredients, costing about 50
cents a large . bottle, at drug stores,
known as "Wyeth's Sage and Sulphur
Compound," thus avoiding a lot of
raus!. ' '
While gray, faded hair is not sinful,
we all dusire to retain .our youthful
appearance and attractiveness. By
darkening your hair with Wyeth's
Sage and Sulphur Compound, no one
',can tell, because it does it so naturally,
so evenly. You just dampen a sponge
or soft brush with it and draw this
through your hair, taking one small
strand at a time; by morning all gray
hairs have disappeared. After another
application or two your hair becomes
beautifully dark, glossy, soft and lux
uriant and you appear years younger.
Wyeth's Sage and Sulphur Compound
is a delightful toilet requisite. It it
not intended for the cure, mitigation
or prevention of disease.
(Advertisement) '
HEAT
"l ,y reliabi e" I
Going Through Bisbee
Shops I Noticed That-
I'uris :i?':iin offers the barrel sil
hoiielt.'. hut i-olil inil'-s to sliv straight
line effects with normal waistline, ami
a nurrow skirl.
A lr.it or blue straw and ll;u k s.alin
lias a wreath of silk fruit and r.dlage.
A new fashion could have no greater
enemy than a too great and sudden
popularity, and many of the desi'.'nei.-t
predict that Will be the fate of the
barrel silhouette.
There has been some nf.empts at
drapery, hut it is doubtful if it will
last throughout the spring.
Checks will be popular lor the
spring, and it is a mistake tr say that
checks will he used for trimming, in
some instance:;, the costume i plain
stuff is about half and half.
Collars are ignored on some blouses.
! but they all Lave intuiestin sleeves.
I Frock skirt or suit ekirt. if it is not
i barrel shaped, it is sure to he straight
hung.
Cobweb silver tissue and embroider
ed chiffons are favored lor evening
gowns.
The leading bosks declare the
separate coat and one-piece dross the '
smart costume for spring; but the de
signers insist that nothing could he
smarter than the tailored suit.
Since sport suits are to be worn
every hour in the day, they vote to
achieve variety by sometimes having
the skirt and coat, of contrasting
eofttrs.
New York will doubtless prefer the
three-quarter coats, rather jac kets with
a straight skirt and devoid of trim
ming to thi' long coat which Paris
fosters.
The slogan in the spring millinery
"Backward, turn backward, oh, brim;
in their flight."
A between-season hat is made ol
satin for winter and straw for spring. ,
One tilts the brim on the sides anil j
is ornamented with a Hat, black gird. !
High turbans are going to be ever?
day 'occurences.
Popular though the chemise blouse
has been through the past months, it
will not give way to the short blousR
for spring.
The return of crepe de chine is
foretold.
When French batiste, fine net. Val
enciennes lace and a whole corpora
tion of tucks get together to make a
blouse the effect is apt to be good.
A yellow coeoanut straw hat is gay
ly embroidered in (lowers.
It is always well to have in the
spring one serviceable silk dress, and
this season it may be either of satin
or crepe de chine.
Harpers Bazaar in its millinery SP
tion showed a number 'oi pretty seini
poke bonnets for dress wear, and
most of them were fashioned of silk,
lace, tulle with lace and ribbon trim
mings. The prettiest sport hat is made 01
colored ribbon plaited, woven or orna
mented with a few threads of yarn,
and faced with straw.
F'or the younger generation a pretty
spring dress is of Delft blue linen
with a box pleated skirt, the pleats
being rounded at the waist, bound and
buttoned on to a belt, the jumper af
fair Is worn over a white batiste
blouse. Black ribbon is drawn through
the box pleats and tied at the back.
An unwonted mode for the spring
will be the popularity of the separate
coat and dress, a fa.r continued from
the winter sea-son. ,
WITH GAS
THE LITTLE PORTABLE GAS HEATER ENABLES YOU
TQ QUICKLY CONVERT THE COLDEST ROOM LN
YOUR HOUSE TO WARMTH AND CHEER IT GIVES
Comfort?
LIGHTS AT THE FLASH OF A MATCH CONNECTS
BY A FLEXIBLE METALLIC TUBE AND CAN BE
EASILY MOVED FROM ONE ROOM TO ANOTHER.
QUICK SAFE CLEAN
Prices $2.75 to $7.00
99
I'.Milmii and Mouse ai.
: He r.
The Skilt i- :U.
longer.
If a frock he two piece
public by as timin a
presstou.
Slippers fur spring v
liil
in t.
and
traii-hl
on. -piece e-
r have large
colonial buckles.
Linen boots are pretty
for earlr
sttriii we:-r and are more servii eMe
than kid. . j
Parasols and hats are being made
to order and Match perfectly the ih-
sign t your khaki--id kirf.
Applie,iinj flowers and fruit or silk,
and silk braid are pretty on the hats
ior spriiu'.
I Ch.irtereu:-e promises to iial era?.
and lose in the spring coi n-;.
To Slop Hair Loss and KM Ycnr Scalp
of Dandruff, Use
RO'S
Do you have dandruff? Does
your ha.;r fall cut? Is it prsl
ting; thinner and the parting
more prcnounccl every day?
If so, we advuo you to get
busy rirht away and before it
is too iate.
We are not trying: to scare
you. We are simply telling
you the truth. If you would
ward oil impemiincr haldncsa
yu must check that hair loss
and rid your s-aJp of clan Jrmf. goinoii &J cent or $1.00 size. It U
Start ntrht and sti-.rt now guarar.t?ed by The Herbicide
with the rightremedy and stick f Co. The first abdication will
to it Newbro's Herbicide. I convince you that Nebro'a
Use Herpicide daily lor a J jf Herpicide is the verv thin for
while, then three times a week ) J? tlie hair. Its odor is "deliphtfuL
will be sufficient WaU-h the GONiEtii Applications .Tiay be cl tained
change which talres place in the " a the helt-.-r harbor shopd aud
condttionof jour !;air and M-alp. . , . hair dressing psrlor
Kodak
ere
IsM
These balmy days are conducive to bring results from
your Kodak. Get your Kodak out and spend a day
kodaking and bring us your rolls, and in forty-eight
hours we will deliver the finished pictures and will guar
antee satisfaction.
We have an expert Kodak man who will be pleased
to explain how to get the best results from your ma
chine. For your convenience you can leave your films at
Sasse's Candy Store on Main street.
DiX S
(The Photographer in Your Town)
JAKOB SCHMID BUILDING. BREWERY GULCH
WHERE YOU WANT IT
WHEN YOU WAfJT IT
iUVEiEi
One obsessed by tlie Chinese crwze
twill look forward to the sewin;; ba-'kl
i,l naw aul Imlid decuiatetl
Ij When You Have a Cold.
I Ii is when you have a severe i.ld
i that yon appreciate lie good qualities
of Chamberlain's Couth Remedv. Mr--,
i Frank Crocker. I'ai.a. 111., Uil-:
" Mr hw year-oel son I'i iil i.iii'i.i d
seeie i old l-.st inter thai scitle.l on
jhis lungs and he hud terrible loiiih
it baffles the fins spells. We were greatly Wi-riied
l..K..,if l.m. .... ft... i.k-. ii. int'4 u . !'iv.
him di:l not help hial in tiie least. V
neighbor spoke so highly ui Chamber
lain's Cv'iigh Remedy that I got a bot-
' He of it. The Ur ;t dose benefited him
; so minll Mial 1 continued gmng it 10
him until he v. as nir.-d."
( Advertisement)
Estimated t'i.-re are n.fwt) Gern.-in.
AnstnvHunzariuu B tluiiiian and Turk
isli agents in I' luted States whose
I movements are watched by secret
! forces of ill- -reverrinu nt. At least
IH" of tlu-at are in New Yolk.
HcRPlCIBE
The sca!p is clear, and free from
dan Jru'f. The hair looks str ni?
and healthy and does not fall
out. There is vigor and enap
where before the hair was
dead, dull and brittle. Theitch-
CiOiNG-t ing which is so annovtns: stcpa
ness and cleanliness hitherto
unknown.
Any dcajer wnl sell veu
Newbro's ileiukide either in
Time
tudio
r
. v
Cjt. i ill til i
fct...
e -'V.T' FOUR
THE BiSBEE, DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 11, 1917.
H MiIIIp-i Mm 1 HE OlH SrlMK
Cash Your Promises
ior mew
t T
Sttoscrip
BeginningToday andEndingFeb.24
TRIPLE VOTES
WILL BE ALLOWED FOR ALL
SIX MONTHS YEARLY AND TWO YEAR
NEW SUBSCRIPTIONS ONLY
iVot
Utter
9
Of Any Description from Now Until the End of the Review's Contest.
Cl&kS It'll Es
rromise
NOW IS THE TIME TO FULFILL YOUR PROMISE. Promises
are, for the most part, from those who do not at present subscribe for
The Review. Hence, this magnificent special offer for new subscrip
tions until February 2-tth.
3w
I TV
"1(2
TWO YEAR NEW SUBSCRIPTIONS
24,000 V tes insioad of 8000.
-:-
ONE YEAR NEW SUBSCRIPTIONS
9,000 Votes instead of 3000.
SIX MONTHS' NEW SUBSCRIPTIONS
3,600 Votes instead of 1200.
THREE MONTHS' NEW SUBSCRIPTIONS
(No advance) 500.
-
Votes ,uv H!!nvvd ir irww::! sul..i ipUons and co!Ici.5i .m is;-.
!! lh: regular vw- j !i-tij'c -md on "wli-ch will be ivi advance
dutiny icmainder of Inc coiilciil.
5
i
I
in
1
we-"
:a.
tv,;'ii'i!iVT.'.'.f-vi- :;'':'.'
J '
i
i C3
?'-
I
Standing of the Review's Candidates
In Arizona's Greatest
Automobile and Prize Contest .
MISS LOLA ANDREWS 43.300
MRS. GRACE MILNER 42,610
MISS EMMABELLE ROLFE 41.930
MISS MYRTLE ARBON 41,380
MISS ROSE WALKER 40.590
MISS FRANCES JULIFF. .' 39.420
MISS DOT FINLAYSON. 36.030
MISS MILDRED ROBINSON 37.870
MRS. FRANK MOSLER 36,740
MRS. DORIS O'NEAL 35.190
MISS KATY JOHNS 34.220
MISS WILL A ROBINSON 33.940
MRS. GLOVER QUALLS 32.440
MRS. RUTH SARGEANT 31,530
MISS GLADYS DOESCHER 30.470
MISS CADDIE CLIFFORD 29.520
MISS THEODORA GREGOVICH. . 26.160
MISS CORAL GUNDRY 27,480
i
'-y-
mi mk-
V-: . AA T. i -.if v l ! V ir e J THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 11, 1917.
FIVE
OLD SPANISH TRAIL
MAP COMPLETED; ALL
YEAR AROUND ROADS
Highway from Coast to Coast
Is Thoroly Logged by Harry
Locke, Former Bisbee Man.
Books to Be Issued Soon.
In last Sunday's edition of the Los
Angeles Tribune appeared a picture ot
the Old Spanish Trail, mapped by Har
ry Locke, formerly of Cochise county
and now a prominent field engineer
for the Old Spanish Trail Association,
with headquarters in Mobile, Alabama.
This trail, from El PasO to Los An
geles, includes the Borderland Route.
Beginning at Miami, Florida, the
road runs up that state's east coast
line to Jacksonville, passing through
St Augustine and other well known
Florida cities. It goes west from Jack
sonville and enters the state of Ala
bama near Mobile. It touches the
lower corner of Mississippi and en
ters Lousiana near New Orleans. At
this point the trail divides, one route
going northwest through Shreveport
to Dallas and the other going through
Houston and Galveston to Dallas.
From Dallas the route lOIlows the line
of the Texas Pacific to El Paso and
there takes up the Borderland.
Locke spent several weeks remap
ping the Borderland between El Paso
and Los Angeles, the route going by
way of El Centro and San Diego. 'When
the complete map is published all of
the side trips in this state will be in
cluded in the book. The Warren Dis
trict Commercial Club was a sub
scriber to the book and when it is
issued copies may be had from the
secretary of the organization.
OPERATIONS AT MINE
OF DUNDEE DEVELOP
WATER AT4C0 LEVEL
Dundee-Arizona Becomes a
Wet Mine and Additional
Pumping Capacity Is Need
ed to Handle the Flow.
JEROME, Feb. 10. Operations at
the Dundee-Arizona were resumed last
Priday night, and hardly was the first
round of shots fired before it became
necessary to install another pump. ,
The Dundee became a wet mine last
August, wHen a heavy flow of water
was struck in the shaft just below the.
400-foot level. No more work was
done in the shaft' till Friday night. In
the meantime an SO-horsepower gaso
line engine had been installed and a
No. 5 Cameron sinking pump installed
just above tiie 400.
Now a No. 7 Cameron has been
placed in the station at the 400-foot
level. The sinker will be moved down
the shaft to pump the water up to tlie
sump on the 400, and the station pump
will life the water to the surface.
The ground around and below the
400-foot level is badly shattered.
There is a crack which allows water
to flow from the sump into the shaft
below. This crack is to be cemented
to make the sump hold water.
A Hint to the Aoed
If people past sixty years of age estate, water, water rights and to wtirk.
could be persuaded to go to bed as ! explore, operate and develop the same
soon as they take cold and remain inland to extract any and all minerals
bed for one or two days, they wOuld j thereof ; to purchase, lease or vjtber
recovcr much more quickly, especially j wise acquire, erect, own, operate or
if they take Chamberlain's Cough I sell smelting and ore reduction w orks.
Remedy. There would also be less j oil refineries, saw mills and power
danger of the cold being followed by ; plants; to do a general real estate,
any of the more serious diseases. I manufacturing and mercantile busi
(Advertisement) jness; to own, handle and control let-
I ters patents and inventions and shares
NOTICE TO BIDDERS ' f jts own capitai ftocii and that ol
Notice is hereby given that sealed ! otner corporations, and to cancel- and
bids for the printing of fifty copies of ;e.issue 8nares of its own capital
the ordinances of the .City of Bisbee, ' stock; to issue bonds, notes, deben
in book form, according to the sped- j 'Ures an(j other evidence of indebted-
fit ati;.ns in the offife of the ( ity . ness and to secure the payment of the
Clerk, will be received by the Com- 3anie by mortgage deed of trust or
won Council of said city; said bids i otherwise; to act as agent, trustee,
must be tiled in the office of the City broker, or in any other fiduciary cap-rh-ik
by 5 p. in. of Monday, the 19th iacity; to borrow and loan money, and
day of February. 1917. Said ordi-
rance books to be well bound in cloth
and to be well stitched. The body of j
ordinances in said hooks to bejirinted ;
in 8 point Roman type on a 12 point j
al:i;. width of slugs to be 21 Ems; or- j
dinance numbers and captions to be j
set in not less than 11 point, nor
more than 12 point, bold face raps:
pi'.gf-s to be t inches in width by 9
inches in length, si.e of tpe page to
Ik- 21x39 Ems: paper ut-ed must be
id pound enameled book.
Bids si:a'l b- mailt- at so much per
pare, which M-id hids shi-.M include fif
ty copies of said ordinances bound
complete; pates to be numbered aud
buck to iudexed.
Si'-,1 ordinance books to be compel-d
mid delivered to the City of
Ilibhi-e v it hiu thirl v days r.iti r deliv
ery of copy lo the laicccssful I'irii'cr.
I'iris will be opeued at. 7 p. tu., ou
the 2(ith day of February. 1911. and
the Common Council will then and
there award the contract to the low
est responsible bidder, the Common
Couuc.il rescro tlif riUH lo reject
any and all bids, and al! woik done
uniitr bU h awarded ni'tntt hall be
t abject to the appro- si the C'vbj
luou Couc i!
(tignedi M L'EirLLT.
City Clerk.
Advertiseujeut. 191
Cet Acquainted with the
MARINELLO
Method of Caring
for Scalp and Hair
Hi fj ih i h i.Ki mrtA ammlfnllT
e;rc.-riv in returning hair ks and
prucnotjnc hair bcajtn and growth.
C vm sbenhite frrxdom from Irrttmrioa,
itctvn or bandnrf. insuring cumplal. i
jl.u..'j seaip com. art.
f -tl. Frr explanation t Ihm
t .-..I... mxthndt aicrm urn remtri
McDonald's Marinello
Shop -:-
LEGAL NOTICES
STATE OF ARIZONA
03ice of the
Arizona Corporation Commission
Cnited States of America,)
) 8S.
Slate of Arizona )
The Arizona Corporation Commis
sion does hereby certify that the an
nexed is a true and complete tran
script of the
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
GOLDEN CROWN MINING, MILLING
AND SMELTING COMPANY
which were filed in the office of said
Arizona Corporation Commission on
the 22nd day of January A. D. 1917,
at 10:00 o'clock a. m., as provided by
law.
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, The
Arizona Corporation Cbmmis
, sion, by its Chairman, has here
unto set its hand and affixed
(Seal) its Official Seal. . Done at the
City of Phoenix, the Capital,
this 22nd day of January A
D. 1917. ;
Arizona Corporation Commission.
F. A. JONES. '
Attest: : Chairman.
W. N. SANGSTER, .
( Secretary." '
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
KNOW ALL MEN . BY. THESE
PRESENTS, That we, the undersign
ed, have this day associated ourselves
together for the purpose of forming
a corporation under and pursuant' to
the Laws of the State of Arizona.' and
for that purpose do hereby adopt arti
cles of Incorporation as follows:
Article 1. The name of this Cor
poration shall be the GOLD EM
CROWN MINING, MILLING AND
SMELTING COMPANY.
Article II. The principal piace of
.usiness of the Corporation within Uiv
State of Arizona, shall be in the Here
ford Mining District in Cochise Coun
ty, and the principal place of transact
ing business outside of the State of
Arizona shall be at Chicago, Illinois,
and such 'other places as the' Board
of Directors may determine, where
meetings of Directors may be held
iand all business transacted.
Article III. The General nature of
the business proposed to be transact
ed is to make contracts, to purchase,
lease, option, locate or otherwise ac
quire, own, exchange, sell Or other
wise dispose of, , pledge, mortgage,
I hypothecate and deal in mines, mining
claims, mineral lands, coal lands, oil
lands, timber lands, real and personal
in general to do and perform such
acU aud things and transact such
business, not inconsistent with law, in
any part of the world as the Board
of Directors may deem to the advant
age ot the corporation.
Article IV. The authorized amount
jf capital stock of this corporation
shall be One Million (U.000.000.00)
dollars, dhided into One Million
shares of the par value )f One Dollar
($1.00) each. At such time as the
Board of Directors may by resolution
direct, tald capital stock shall be
paid into this Corporation, either in
cash or by the ale and transfer to it
of real or persoual property, contracts,
sen lees Or any other valuable right
or thing tor the use and. purposes of
said Corporation, in payment for
which, shares of the capital stock of
said Corporation may be issued, and
the capital stock so issued shall
thereupon and thereby become and be
fully paid up and nOn asbestable for
over, aud in the absence of actual
fraud in the iraufraction the judgment
ol the Directors as to the value ot tht
property ' pun ha.ed -: thU be couclu-t-ive-
v
Ar'i le V. The time of the com
meateinent of this Corporation bQj.ll
be the daito of the fllit cf certified
op cf La!. axucicb xi tacorjior
lien ;a the olee of the Corpcuticn
Louiiuusiou of Arizona and tue ter-
. - . w
1
Phone 305 I
mination thereof shall be twenty-five
years thereafter, with the privilege of
renewal as provided by law.
Article VI. The affairs of this Cor
poration shall be conducted by a
Hoard of Directors, and such otlicers
as the Directors may elect or appoint,
and the following named shall const!
. tute the Board of Directors until their
I successors are elected and have quail
' fled: MAX RITTER YON BAUM
KIRCHNER, FRANK PESKA, JAMES
CARNEY, ROBERT WALKER, and
CORA VON BAUMKIRCHNER. There
after the BOard of Directors shall be
elected from among the stockholder!1
at the annual Stockholders' meeting
to be held on' the First day of March
of each year. The names of the of
ficers who shall have charge of the
Corporation affairs are: MAX RIT
TER VON BAUMKIRCHNER, Presi
dent, CORA VON BAUMKIRCHNER,
Treasurer, and FRANK PESKA, Sec
Article VII. The Board of Direc
tors shall have power to adopt an
amend By-Laws for the government of
the corporation, to fill vacancies Oc
curring in the Board from any cause,
and to appoint an Executive Commit
tee and vest said committee with such
powers as they may determine.
Article VIII. The highest amount
of indebtedness or liability, direct oi
contingent, to which this corporation
shall be subject at any one time shall
be Ten Thousand ($10,000.00) Dollars.
Article IX. The private property
f the Stockholders and officers of
this Corporation shall be exempt froai
all corporate debts Of any kind what
soever. Article X. ' The names, residences
and post office addresses of the coi
porators are:
MAX R. V. BAUMKIRCHNER, Resi
dence Huachuca Mountains Hereford.
Arizona. FRANK FESKA, Office, H09
Ashland Block, 155 N. Clark St., Resi
dence, 1539 N. Hamlin Ave., Chicago
111. .
' IN WITNESS WHEREOF, We have
hereunto set our bands and seals thh
15th day of January A. D. 1917.
MAX R. V. BAUMKIRCHNER (Seal)
FRANK PESKA (Seal)
State of Illinois.)
) ss.
COunty of Cook )
Before' me, CALVIN M. GEORGE, a
notary public, in and for the State and
County aforesaid on this day person
ally appeared MAX R. V. BAUM
KIRCHNER and FRANK PESKA.
known to me to be the persons whost
names are subscribed to the forego
iug instrument, and acknowledged t
me mat they executed the same for
the purpose and consideration there
in expressed.
Given uuder my hand and seal ai
my office this 151 h day of January A
D. 1917.
CALVIN M. GEORGE.
(Notarial Seal) Notary Public
My commission expires the 18th day
of September, 1918.
Filed in the office of the Ari
zona Commission this 22ud day o!
Jan. A. D. 1917 at 10:00 A. M. at
request of FRANK PESKA. whos
post office address is 1409 Ashlam
Block, Chicago, Illinois.
Arizona Corporation Commission.
By F. A. JONES,
Chairman.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE
STATE OF ARIZONA, IN
AND FOR THE COUN
TY OF COCHISE.
In the Matter of the Guardianship
of the Estate of George Edgar Haw
kins, a Minor.
Order to snow cause why order
of sale of real estate should not
be made.
IT APPEARING TO THIS COURT
by the petition this day presented and
filed by R. A. BretherCOn, Guardian ol
the Person ajid Estate of George
Edgar Hawkins, a minor, that it it
necessary to sell the whole of the real
estate of said minor, for the reason
that he has no other property, real oi
personal, and that the property yield:
no income whatever and said minor
has no income from any other source:
And that it is necessary to sell th
said minor's undivided thirteen-forty
eights (13-48) interest in and to the
"Little Casino" Lode Mining Claim
situated in the Warren Mining Dis
trict, Cochise County, Arizona.
IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED BY
THIS COURT: That all persons inter
ested in the estate of said Minor ap
pear before the said Superior Court
on Saturday the 10th day of Muich
A. D. 1917, at the hour of 10 no o'clock
A. !.. of saia day, at the Court room
of said Court at the Court house id
the City of Tombstone, Cochise County
?.ate of Arizona, to show cause wh
in order should not be granted to the
said petitioner to sell so much of tht
said real estate as t-ball be necessary
and that a copy of this Order he pub
,'lished four successive weeks in thf
Bisbeo Dauy Review, a newspaper
printed and published iu the sala
Coutty of Co-his.
Dated February ?rl. 1917.
ALFRED C LOCKWOOP.
Judge of the Superior Court
Firt publication Feb 8, 1917.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
In the County of Cor Use,
' State of Arizona
In the Matter of the Es'atc and
Guardianship of Ellen Cunningham.
Mary I. Cunningham, Floreucc Cuu
uu'ghaui.M. J. Cunningham. Jr . l'ran
ds Cuaainghani and William Cun
ninibAtru Minor.
Order to Show Cause V by Or
der of Sale cf Ii?aJ Estate CuouJd
!t be Mad"
IT AFFEAFJ.N'i TO IHlii CCUFT
by Ui9 pe'tUon tnit- ly preeti'M md
filed cj :I J Cuuniugajni. Cjuanjiju
of the persons and estates cf the
above named minors that it is for the
best interests of the estates of the
above named minors to sell the whole
of the rt-.ii . siate of said minors, in
order that the proceeds thert'jf may
be invested in some productive stock , ii:tn. ter, provided that no obllga
or piit out at interest. ; tion8 of any character silail he issued
IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED BY : ;iy tMa corporation in exc ess of the
THIS COURT: That all persons in i !iaDi!ity of tlie Company as herein
terested fn the estate oi said minors
appear before the said Superior Court
on Saturday, ihe H'lh day of March.
A. D. 1917. at the hour of 10:00 o'clock
a. m., of said day, at the court room
of said Court, at the court house in
the city of Tombstone, Cochise Coun
ty. State of Arizona, ro snow cause
why an order snould not oe granted
to said petitioner, to sell so much of
the said real estate as shall be neces
sary and that a copy of this order bi
published four successive weeks in the
Bisbee Daily Review, a newspaper
printed and published in the said
COunty of Cochise.
Dated February 3rd, 1917.
ALFRED C. LOCKWOOP,
Judge of the Superior Court.
First publication Feb. 8, 1917.
State of Arizona
office of the
Arizona Corporation Commission
United States of America.)
) ss.
State of Arizona )
The Arizona Corporation Commis
sion does hereby certify that the an
nexed is""a true aud complete tran
script of the
ARTICLES OK INCORPORATION
OF
'UNITED WARREN COPPER MIN
ING COMPANY"
which were filed in the office of said i
Vrizona Corporation Commission on
he 24th day of January, A. I). 1917. at
1o:0o o'clock a. m., as provided by
law.
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF. The
Arizona Corporation Commis
sion, by its Chairman, has
hereunto set its hand and tif
'Seal) fixed its Oii'icial Seal. Done
at the City of "Phoenix, the
Capitol, this 24th day of Jan
uary. A. D. 1917
Arizona Corporation Commission
F. A. JONES.
Chairman.
Attest:
W. N. SANGSTER,
Secretary.
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
UNITED WARREN COPPER MIN
ING COMPANY
KNOW ALL MEN. BY THESE
PRESENTS:
That we, the undersigned, linve vol-
intanly associated curseives tosetr' r i
for the mirnose of fori: ins: a minora -
ion nndr the laws of the Str-te of'"''" stockholders of the corporation
rizoua;
AND WE HEREBY CERTIFY A?
FOLLOWS:
The name of the corporation shall
be the "UNITED WARREN COPrER
MINING COMPANY," and its print-i-lal
place of business shall be at Bis
hee, Cochise County. Arizona.
Article 1 The na'iies, residences
and post office addresses of the in
corporators are as follows: Paul P.
Lorenzeii. whose residence is Bisbee,
Cochise County, Arizona; Charles H.
MeKeen. whose address is Bisbee, Co
chise County, Arizona; W. Grover i
lohnson, whose address is Bisbee, Co
chise County. Arizona.
Article 2 The general nature of
the business to be transacted by this
corporation is as follows: (1) To
)wii, operate, acquire, buy, sell, lo-,
'iite. denounce, patent, bond. lease.
mortgage, dispose of and coutrol
nhirs, mining interests and proper-
ties, and all rights, interests, ease-' Keon, Vice president ; W. Grover
nients. pmileges and franchises Johnson. Secretary Treasurer,
thereunto in anyway appertaining. Tn,. f, iKli-t amount of indebted
(2) To acquire, buy. sell, conduct, f css or liability, direct or contingent
carry on. liu.uase, control, rent and ! IO w ili(.u this corporation shall at any
'ease mercantile establishments. tj, bj.., t j?s,.f, hnll. in no case,
stores. !epols and warehouses. '.) : . morr than SIX HUNDRED SIXTY
To own. construct, build.' buy. sell, fjx THOUSAND. SIX HUNDRED
rent and h-ase all structures, build- I SIXTY-SIX and ti-loo Dollars ($066.
ings and erections necessary or prop- , i:t:.; i;c,(
t for tin- business of the orporation.
(1) To acquire by purchase or other
wise, own. conduct, lease, rent, ex
change, sell, mortgage, dispose of and
leal in smelters, mills, reduction
works, shaft and wan houses, store
''ouses and rooms, magazines. o:t
buildings, structures and ere'-tioiss of 1
very sort and character whatsoever.
-leressary and proper in carrying on
'he business of the corporation. (.") ;
"o purchase, rent, own, buy, sell and
iianiifactiire implements, tools, ma- 1
chinery. supplies, tools and equip- ;
ment. of every sort and charaitir'
whatsoever, for the working, develop-1
nieot. exploration and maintenance of
nines, prospects and mining proper-1
Mcs. and the earning on of the busi-i
ness of tie- corporation, ni) To - public, in and for Cochie County,
niitc bold. buy. sell, rent, lease, j Slate of Arizona, on this day person
mortgage, control and deal in real j ally appeared Paul P. Loremsen. Chas.
rortTty.. (7 To buy, sell, raise, mar-, H. McKeon and W. Grover Johnson
'tel. own. butcher hih! deal in i aiile P' r;.onally fcoown to me to be the per
iod lle : stock aud to iiiauutni turn and I vImoc names are suhi-crihed to
leal in the products thereof. s To 'he loregoing itisinimcnf and
"on.-lriiit. on it. operate, and manage ! know ledgeel to me that thty executed
railroads, tramways, turnpikes and 'the same tor the purpose aud cou.-id-:anals.
leading from its principal I oration therein Oiptesscd.
works aud places of biiMuess to soe Given uuder my hand and seal of
iajgable stream, or to some existing I
railroad, lurnpiko or public highway; !
o own. acquire, construct, operate
ind outro irrigation di'chc. dauir,
luiiics. drains ami gatewas. CM To i
buy. ;.el. rent. ea;, Mortgage, ev
h.ms". till. i iiHtvate ni l in.jnj-e j
taiuis aud tarm lauds s the same I
nav bcoiiic muddi' sod proper to'reque.t of W. GI'OVLR JOHNSON.
the hii; -inei.t. ot Hi' cori"Taii"t.
(I"i To ci. tru- cv u. oi cr j'f. era
tiel 3i di: . "Uiy bir I'.'.' t :
f jo't i-l i n - wj.'f tb-r i ' y s i' "J V." I
t-iui. ferrii. -"atrr t :.-rcr po cr I
(11) lo acquire, hold, own, pit-doe1
i-nd sell stock or shares of other cor
porations. (12) To issue, acquire, take
hold, pledge, sell and deal in promis-
ry noti s, drjlis. bills of exchange
;nd obligations of every sort and
set forth and as provided by law.
ti: To enter into contracts of all
sorts, to lend or borrow money and
take or give security for the pay
ment thereof. (14) To do any and all
things which a natural person might
and could do in the matter, of the
transacting of the business of the cor
poration and in the promotion and
maniigenient of its interests.
Article 3 The amount of the capi
tal stock of this corporation shall be
ONE MILLION ($1,000,000.00) DOL
LARS, which shall be di.ided Into
One Million (1.000,000) Shares of the
par value of One Dollar (Sl.Oiir per
share; which shares shall be and
must be fully paid un at the date of
the issuing thereof and shall be for
ever non-assessable; but such stock
may be paid for in money, services,
property, rights, easements, priviliges
or anything of value, and the judge
ment of the board of directors shall
be forever conclusive, toth as to the
actual valu? of the said stock, and the
consideration paid therefore, in the
absence of fraud or any collusive,
agreement.
Ar'icle 4 The time of the com
mencement of tiiis corporation snail
; he when these articles of incorpora
tion shall be file dfor record in the
office of the corporation commission
of the State of Arizona, at Phoenix.
Arizona, a certified copy thereof re
corded in the office of the County Re
corder, of Cochise County. Arizona, at
Tombstone. Arizona, in which County
the principal place of business of the
corporation is to be and a certificate
of incorporation delivered to the cor
f-oration by the Corporation t'o'innis-
sion, of the State of Arizona.
The corporation shall terminate
twenty-five years from the said date
but it may be rnnewed from time to
time, for periods not exceeding twer.
ty-five years, when the taking oT the
steps prescribed by law for such re
newal or renewals.
Article 5 The affaiis of this cor
poration shall be conducted by a
board of three directors, but the num
ber constituting the board of directors
:rny be increased or diminished by
the vote of the stockholders at any
annua! meeting or at any special meet
iug called for that .purpose.
Thf board of directors shail be
! elected at tha fir.-t nnnual meeting of
i " hich shall he held at the principal
I place of business of the corporation.
ff Bisbee. Cochise County. Arizona.
.January First. 191S. and the members
of such hoard of directors shall be
elected annually thereafter at such
annual meetings, to be held January
1 of each year.
The officers of the corporation
shall be a President. Vice-president
Secretary ind Treasurer, and the lat
ter two offices may be held by the
same person.
All vacancies in office may be tilled
by the board of directors, and those
elected thereto shall hold office until
th- next annual meeting.
Those who shall s-erve as the hoard
. of directors until the first annual
j meeting shall be Paul P. Lorenzen,
Charles H. McKeon and W. Grover
Johnson: and the officers to bold and
serve uutil'that time shall be Paul P.
Loreuien, President; Charles H. Me
Article 7 The private property of
l!ie stockholders of this corporation
is hereby expressly made and declar
ed exempt from all liability for cor-
porate- debts.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF we have
hereunto set our lumds this the 22nd
ay of January. 1917 A. D.
PAUL P. "LORENZEN.
' President.
. t'HAS. II. McKEON.
Vice-President.
W. GROVER JOHNSON.
Se c re ta ry-T rea s u re r.
Sta'e of Aiizoiui)
) ?.
County of Cochise)
Before inc. Dan P. Seed, a notary-
office, this 2Md day of January, 191,.
(Notary Seal I DAN P. SLED,
Notary Public.
M'irro Marh 2",
My coiuiu'ton
P'-'e.
filed ii, Mi ottice of the Arizona
Corpora. t inn I'omDiist-tou tbi '.'Itb dav
of Jju A P. 1917. at lo:mt a ru. at
ho.-c po.tott!' aU'lri .-:. !:
Aruua
ATI A r -h FOIU I K'.:
nitMON.
r-V F. A JO.NL'i
Ci.l
i CM- ll
I
Chairman.
FOR
CARPENTER
CALL TEL. 506.
STATE OF MAINE
Certificate of Organization of a Cor
poration under the General Law.
The undersigned, otlicers of a cor
poration organized at Portland, Maine,
at a meeting of the signers of the
articles oi agreement u.ererore. uU1Jr iy Qr any them inciutling pat.
called and held at No. 93 Exchange s patent risUt3 trade tJpv.
Street, in the City Of Portland. State r,htS( trade names, and rights and pro
of Maine, on Tuesday, the twentieth ( niiprv n. Hirni,.r ,. anH ,
day of February, 1912, hereby certify
as follows:
The name of said corporation is
UNITED STATES SMELTING. RE
FINING AND MINING EXPLORA
TION COMPANY.
The purposes of said corporation
are: To examine, report upon, nego
tiate for, obtain options on and ac
quire, by purchase, grant, concession.
, .i . 1 . .
properties, lands, rights or privileges
To engage in tiie business of mining,
quarrying, smelting, refining, dressing,
amalgamating, preparing for market
and manufacturing into merchantable
forms, materials, articles and things,
copper, gold, silver, lead, zinc. iron,
and ores, metals, mineral substances
and ijroducts tf all sorts, and to deal
in, and turn to account, such ores,
metals, mineral substances and pro
ducts; To examine, report upon, nego
tiate for, obtain on and acquire, by
purchase or otherwise, and to build
own, control and operate, mills and
wOiks for the crushing, sampling and'
trea"r.g of mineral substances and
mineral bearing ores, and for the
smelting, reduction, extraction and re
fining of all kinds of minerals and
uiineral bearing ores, and to buy, sell,
assay, smelt aud treat such ores and
mineral substances, their products
and by-products, on its own account,
and as factor or agent tor others, for
compensation, or on commission or
otherwise; aud to engage in and carry
jn a general smelting and refining
locauou, .easr u. .u deeme(, advisable. to secure the sa-n-s
United States or in any.other country by nlortgage or deed of trust of anr
or nation in any part of the world, or aU the propprty of tne corporation,
any mines, quarries, mining rights. otnerwise. To AcvliT0 and tn(lf.r.
lands and privileges, including cOal. take the who,e or any part of tJw
oil and gas lands, and any interest j businesls propertv. assets and liabili
therein, and to prospect, develop. ! tieg cf anv person firm or corpon
operate and turn to account all such,tion or as!0cjlltion can-yins on any
ousiuess. ana a general meiais Duymg ( L- v Thompson Winchester. Mass. One
and selling business in the various jJonn ijTie. Boston. Mass.. One
parts and markets or the world; to ex- H- p. Sweetser. Portland. Maine. One
plore, acquire, own and dispose Of. I Leaving in the treasury, unsub
develop. operate and turn to account, j 3triljt ll fort 993 hhar(.s
forest and timber lands, farming., sai,l corporation is lo. ated at Port
iviricultural. grazing or plantation I land.;,, thP Coiinu- t r.imherlnn.t
ands, or properties: to treat and
lianufacture the products of said lands
!.ito Merchantable forms, articles art!
things, and to buy, sell, and otherwise
leal in, the products and by-products
af all such business; To engage in
uid carry on a general stores and
nercantile and supply business; for
lealing in provisions, materials, sup
plies and equipment of all sorts; To
ay out, develop and turn to account,
my lands that the company may own,
'or building or other purposes, and to
red, construct, own, operate and
tanage, lease and dispose of dwel-ing-houses,
boarding houses, stores,
)ffices, ware-houses, terminal facili
ties and similar property; To ex-j
inline, report upon, nenoiiate fr audi
icquire, by purchase, lease, couces- J
don, grant or otherwise, and hold,
uanage. control, develop, operate, sell
ind dispose of. water rights, water
ower, privileges and appropriations
'or mining, milling, smelting and re
ining purposes, and flr irrigation,
igricultural, manufacturing and other
ises and purposes: aud to construct,
icquire. own aud operate, and dls
ose of. plants for utilizing and tuni
ng to- account said water rights and
vater power, and for producing, geu-j
crating aud distributing, electrical',
i.i.l .tli... nr...,... ..n.l Ll....tii f-i- '
ity and gas. for heating, lighting and
)ther purposes: and to construct.
uanage, operate and control, and to
id in the construction or. roads, ways,
ailroads. railways or tramways,
;tcamship or water transportation
ines, bridges, reservoirs, water-
ourses. aqueducts, wharves, piers and j
etties. andVimilar works necessary
or, or incidental fu. any of the com-
lany's purposes, and to contribute to.
ubsidize, or otherwise aid or take
tart in, any such works or opera
ions; and to construct, aid in the
onstriietiou of. and Operate, telegraph
ml telephone lines: PROVIDED that
his company shall not engage in the
oustruction and operation of ruil
oads or railways, or aid in the con
struction thereof, or carry '.m the busi
ness of a telegraph or telephone com
pany, or a gas or electric company,
within the state of Maine, But said
business of the construction aud oper
ation of railroads. Vr aiding in the con
struction thereof, and said telegraph
nnd telephone, gas a '1(1 electrical busi
ness, shall le carried on in states aud
jurisdictions other than the utato ol
Maine, but only in slate aud jurjsdic
tious when aud where permissible un
der the laws thereof. To purchase,
acquire by subscription or otherwise,
and to hold for investment or other
wise, use. sell, assign, transfer, mort
gage, pledge or otherwise dispose of.
any shares of stock, bouds, securities
or other obligatiou of auy other i or
poration Or association of this or any
(ith'T slate, territoiy of country. t,r.
gaiui-d tor purpor t, similar to. or nj
anv wav auxiliary to the purposes, er
.).nv of them, herein cont jined. to a-id
in auv manner anv tut u crr'-'ratiou
I an-.-wjiMoo vlioi c :huec- n
- n - i. r e'l'T Lh-aep:. ar held vw
his lOUJp itv. and o -Jo anv other
t. or th:ng permji'ej by "a-r for tTi
prescrvat.Ou, protectioa, iuipro euiout
or enhancement of the ralue of su-h
I shares of stock, bonds, securities cr
I other obligations, and to do any acts
or .- ; ; rr i"cd by la?r designed
for such purposes; and while the
owner of such shares of stock, bonds,
securities or other obligations, to ex
ercise an tne rignta, powers anu
privileges of ownership, including the
right to vote thereon; To acquire,
own and dispose of. mortgage and
convey, any and all ,property, wit.iin
or without the state of Maine, real
or personaI, necessary for, or inci-
j d(?nta, tQ the purpoge of thig com.
exercise, develop, grant licenses in re
spect of, or otherwise turn to account,
any such trade marks, copyrights, pat
ents, patent rights, and rights and pro-
iperty of a similar nature; To issue from
time to time, when and as mey be con
venient for the accomplishment of the
purposes of this company, or any of
them, bonds and other securities or
obligations of the corporation, and i
business similar to any business whicn
this corporation is .authorized to tar
ry on; To do any or all of the above
things or any part thereof, as pricipils.
agents, contractors Or otherwise, and
by or through agents or otherwise, and
to da any and all things necessary fot.
or incidental to, the prosecution of
the purposes herein contained, or any
of them, and not inconsistent with
the laws of the State of Maine.
The amount of the capital stock is
fifty Thousand Dollars ($:,0.n)0.).
The .amount of common stock is
Fifty Thousand Dollars (Jo'i.Ootf.).
The amount of capital stork already
paid in is Three Hundred Fifty Dol
lars ($350.).
The par value of the shares is Fifty
Dollars ($50.) each.
The names and residences of the
ownejrS of said shares are as follows:
No of
Names. Residences. Shares
E. L. Carpenter, Brookline, Mass,' One
F. W. Batcbelder, Weston, Mass.. One
C. A. Might Brookline, Mass., One
P. E. Coyle. Brookline, Mass., One
The number of directors is seven
and their names are E. I Carnenter.
F. W. Latchc lder. C. A. Uight. P. E.
COvle. E. P. Thomnson. John Laurie
; and ji p sweetser
The name of the clerk is II. P.
Sweetser, and his residence is Port
land, Maine.
The undersigned John Laurie is
President: the undersigned H. P.
Sweetser is treasurer, and the under
signed E. P. Thompson, P. E. Coyle,
John Laurie and 11. P. Sweetser are
a majority of the directors of said
corporation.
Witness our hands this twentieth
day of February. A. D. 1912.
J hn Laurie. President.
H. P. Sweetser. Treasurer.
JOHN LAURIE )
P. E. COYLE )
E. P. THOMPSON ) Hi eclors
H. P. SWEETSER )
-State of Maine. )
) ss.
Cumberland. )
Portland. February 2". 1912
Then personally appeared P. E.
COYLE. E. P. THOMPSON. JOHN
LAURIE and H. P. SWEETSER. and
severally made oath to the foreiroiug
certificate, that the saiue is true.
Before me.
GEORGE E. FOGG.
Justice of the Peace.
State of Maine
Attorney General's Office.
February 21. 1912.
I hereby certify that I have ex
amined the foregoing certificate, and
i -ne same is properly drawn and signed
ind is conformable to the constitution
,nd laws of the State.
W. R. PATTANGALL.
Attorney General.
State of Maine
Ortice of Secretary of State.
I hereby certify that the foregoin?
s a true copy from the records of thi
ogj, 0.
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF. I have
caused the seal of the State to he
hereunto affixed.
(Seal)
Given under my baud at Augusta, this
nineteenth day of January in tlie
year of our Lord one thousand nine
hundred and seventeen and in the
Oue hundred and forty Brat year of
the Independence of the Uui'd
Si.it- of America.
FRANK W. FALL.
Secretary oi State.
Endorsed :
UNITED STATES SMELTING. EE
FINING AND MINING EXPLORA
TION COMPANY.
Cutube-land, ss.. Registry cf Peed.-.
Kcceied February 2S, 1912 at 9 u.
U'liu. A. M.
ReverM ill Vol I, pae 67.
AUcst:
FRANK L CLARK.
Iiesii-ter.
State cf Manic
OQj' r of Secretary of Stat
AusubU. Feb. '.'I. 1312
Fe.-ecd and tiled tins da'
A""i
J t ALEXANTUF.
rv-f :tv fecretar? cf S'atr.
Recorded iu Vol. 79, Page SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 11, 1917.
Kew Rliddy Blouses $2.50 to $6.59
A splendid selection and excellent values styles for
sport and general wear. The mateiials are natural pon
gee, white, tan, LIuo r.r.d pink striped wash silks, colored
cotton gaberdines with siv.ockings and many awninf;
striped effects. Plain and belted styles.
Hisses' New WASH DRESSES
ne uo want you to see this new showing. Dresse.4 for .Mis-ses rrora 14
to is years. Plain white with lancy strips culls, collars and belts.
Striped cllecls wild plain collars, rutin anil belt in self colors. Isn
awning stripes with white embroidered organdie collars and culT-t AH
have colored buttons to match.
Priced at $2.75 and $3.00
v i v ;
THE NEW
)
T7 - 6"
It's Already Spring in Our Millinery Department
and Women are Buying Hats for Present Wear
Not at all surprising, either especially when you
peal of their newness their very unusual ness in styi
their air of smartness an
justice. Your inspection
id irresistible seems the only
of the new things is invited
note their beauty the ap-
the charming trimmings
words that really does them
"KING RKE" HATS in sea
sonable model.' thnt embody the
latest style trend and present
exceptional values. Satins and
silks are cleverly combined with
straws in these new creations.
GAGE PATTERN HATS An
unusual display of charming
new styles for wear right now,
trimmings are simple and high
ly effective. Turbans and Sail
ors delightfully varied in style.
NEW SPORT HATS in hemn.
peanut straw and many silk
and straw combinations. Sport
hats will be favored more than
ever You'll understand why.
when you see these.
$4.95 to SI2.50 $13.75 to $27- $3.95 to $10
SPRING AND WINTER STYLES WILL NOW GRADUALLY
CHANGE PLACES IN FEMININE ATTENTION SPRING FASH
IONS TO THE FOREGROUND.
DRESSES for Sport and Afternoon
-$18.75 up to $50-
",lit'h colors are to be tea lured strong! in the development 01 Spring apparel. Vivid
i-ej-j, green, ami blues are seen, as frequently as possible color combinations be
in pri-sycd into service. And otrr old friend laiYelu id again to have .1 run of popularity.
A "bowing NOW READY which affords not only a splendid choice of distinctive, correct
garments, but accurately denote the fashion tendency for Spring and Summer,
a decided advrntpge to women who plan their wardrobe in advance of the season.
Materials of Taffetas, Crepe de Chine, Khaki Koul, fancy ctriped silks and Taffeta
and Georgette Crepe combinations. Featuring gay new shades of rose, gold, green, blue,
racberry, mustard as well as many smart color combinations. Trimmings include silk
and gold braids, embroidery and many novelties.
Spring Suits at $28.50 cp to $50
featuring gay new shades and youthful lines. For daintiness of styles
and excellence of materials and trimmings, these suits will appeal to
the discriminating shopper. Wool Jersey, Poplin, Serge and Gaber
dine in colors Copen., grape, gold, tan. navy, canary and rose.
rV
n
' i
New Designs in "VAN RAALTE" Veilings for
Spring the yard 35c to $1.25.
ML-
6
The Ohio Electric Suction Sweeoer $30
-t i
. $5 Down
$5 Per Week
M fkJMx Miqh-speed
.aCfe?i5- Vcool runninq
immmmm MOTOR
W&'b:MiJ :ast aluminum
FAN
J1L ALUMINUM SHAFT
BEST QUALITY
IMPORTED BRISTLES I
A sweeper and cleaner
is a year-round household
help, but at the spring
house-cleaning time, it is
invaluable. This machine
is a rrli.-ihle, high-class
cleaner, which may be de
pended upon to do,
thoroughly, all the work
which a good cleaner is
capable of performing. '
We'll be glad to demon
strate the "OHIO", be
cause we know that if you
buy one you'll not only be
a pleased customer, but a
vigorous advertisement
among your friends Will
you come and see?
Every Home Can
Afford a
ViGTROLA
hen you consider the everlasting
pleasure that the VIcttola will give you
and your family; when you consider what
it meuir in your life always to have the
music that you crave right at your fing
ers' ends and wheu you compare how
much the Victrola brings to you and how
little it takes from your pneketbook 10
get one, you will realize that you owe it
to yourself to have a Victrola now!
Victrolas at
$15
and up
EASY
TERMS
in
The Loveliest New Spring and Summer
Cotton Fabrics Await Your
, Selection Splendid Values
Were we to write with all the enthusiasm which we feel about these eottnn fabrics and which they
deserve, we are afraid that you would be inclined to imagine that we were departing from our policy
of conservatism in our advertising. Hut we must say in all fairness to ourselves and to these summer
materials w hich we want you to see,, that.it has never and we use the word ne-er advisedly beeu
our pleasure to display for your choosing bucIi a wide assortment of new things. We urge of you in
fairness to yourself to at least inspect this shoving
Daintiest fabrics of Dolly Madison "'les. Woven Stripe Voiles,
Mercerized Crepe de Chines, Satin Stripe Voiles, Reception
Voiles. Seed Voiles and plain Voiles in an almost endless variery
of stripes, plaids, checks, floral designs and plain colors. 36 to 40
inches wide at the yard 29c up to l.
Oxford DeLuxe Skirtings Special Sport Fabrics
-A coarse basket weave fabric, used especially
for the making of summer skirts, white
grounds with stripes and plaids in colors of
green, rose, pink and blue.
-An extremely fashionable weave for Sport
Skirts. Dresses, Middy Blouses, etc. striking
color effects and novel designs priced at the,
yard 65c
vulujJ: i;juiMKjv.i'-.jAiiiawjtM.'jAia.ir isf 'I "" I" "
EXPANSIONS IMKE
CERTAIN THE FUTURE
(Continued From I'aije Two)
former citicism while it pave its ene
mies the opportunity to say the act
in itself substantiated their contention
that the corporation was actually a
monopoly.
Was Just Good Business.
' ; The aciiuiiim of these mines and
mineral tracts was simply fc'ood, busi
ness such as any far-sighted manage
ment would desire to achieve. With
the iron ore, coal, and means for
transportation to assemble the princi
pal elements in steel manufacture, and
with the mills and furnaces to treat
them, the sreat corporation wi s as
sured for a long time. And by thus
protecting itself, and bringing down
its cost of pi'Jductiou to the minimum
at the same time enabling it to bet
ter compete for business with the
world, is the very best thing for the
labor concerned in this great indus
try as well as for the capital involved.
We Will Need the Ablest Direction.
No matter what the attitude of the
free trade politician or how he may
try to have the people believe we are
in rj danger from competition of the
lloreigner, we are poin to need all the
help we can secure. We cannot hope
, for any lroiii Secretary Daniels, who
is doing all he can to throw business
away from our country, and who is
seekins to lessen the efficiency of
American steel makers, but we i:o
hope 'jr a protective form of govern
ment just as soon as the people dis
cover we are getting the worst of it
through the free-trade, himie-wreckir.g
plan of operation.
We need combinations of money, of
the best brains iu the country, of un
tiring energy, jf the greatest possible
elliciency to meet the competition that
we will surely have to face. (letting
together the big lilies, under man
agement of the big men, with plenty
of capital to carry on the industry
intelligently and economically is the
thing. Thus can the pound be made
the cheapest, the prod uct controlled to
the needs of the consumers, price?
regulated that both lab'jr aud capital
may be honestly rewarded, and th"
business of the country be maintained
at those levels we should enjoy by
reason of our natural advantages.
AMERICAN FACTORIES
CONSUME ENORMOUS
POUNDAGE OF COPPER
American Brass Company
Leads Consumers in the
United States With Three
Million Pounds Annually.
BOSTON". Feb. 10. Manufacturing
plants in the Tnited States have in
creased their capacity during the past
two years to such an extent and tin
orders on their books reach such huge
proportions that the domestic con
sumption of copper has climbed to the
unprecedented total of approximately
KjG.O'IO.ImO pounds a month, this being
at the rate of l.rt:!2 000,'iOn pounds per
annum.
Among its many plants the Ameri
can Brass Co. has built uu its busi
ness to the point where it uses an-
j proximately l.OuO.000 pounds of cop
per a day, by far the largest amount
of the metal used by any individual
consumer in the world. This means
the melting of li'i.OOO.OOO pounds nf
copper a month or at the rate of .100,
000,000 pounds per annum.
Not many details covering the op-
; erations of copper consumers find
their way into print, but the Boston
News Bureau has made inquiry as to
' the amounts of copper used by the
country's manufacturers, with the fol
lowing compilation resulting there
from (pounds estimated):
Jacob H. Schiff says: "Don't get ex
cited. Keep behind the President.
t;o about your affairs."
A Laxative for Babies
Good for Everybody
DR. CALDWELL'S SYRUP PEPSIN
A SAFE AND EFFICIENT FAM
ILY REMEDY.
Kvery member of the family is more
or less subject to c onstipation and ev
ery horn- should always be supplied
with a dependable remedy to promptly
reiieve this condition. Whenever the
bowels become rlorged and the natur
al process of elimination thereby dis
turbed, the entire system is affected,
and readily subject ij attack by dis
ease. Constipation is a condition thnt
should neer be neglected.
Mrs. E. K. Cilb.rt. of Millbto. Va.,
says that Dr. Caldwell's Syrup I'epsin
is a splendid laxative for children be
cause they like its pleasant taste, and
it acts so easily and naturally, without
griping or strain, and she finds it equ
ally effective for the rest of the fam
ily. Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is a
combination of pin. pie laxative herbs
with pepsin that contains no.piale or
narcotic drug. It is mild and gentle iu
its action, and does not cause pain or
discomfort. Druggists everywhere sell
this excellent remedy for fifty rents a
bottle.
To avoid imitations and ineffective
I 1
.. '.:'' - .Mi:.
&! Y'"l.:!Hlll.
i . VV 'J
, - 1
' :. -1 ' ' .: " i StsJI
V:f : k" A - ' . i J
'y i
3
American Brass Co ..
Buffalo Brass Co
Chase Rolling Mills
National Conduit & Cable Co
Detroit Copper & Brass Co
Scoville Manufacturing Co
Roebling Sons Co
Standard Underground Cable Co.
Bridgeport Brass Co
Rome Brass & Copper Co
American Electrical Works and I'll ill! ps Insula:!:
Waclark Manufacturing- Co
Baltimore Copper Smelling & Rolling Co
Seymour Mfg. Co
American Steel & Wire Co
Michigan Brass Co
Plume & Atwood
Bristol Brass Co
Baltimore Tube Works
Taunton-N'ew Bedford Copper Co
Randolph Clowse
C. C Hussey Co
Stamford Rolling Mills
Hendricks Brothers ,
Miscellaneous
T.
Monthly
25.000,000
UM'UO.UOO
12,000,000
10.000.000
8.0110,000
s.ooo.ooo
6.000,000
6.000.000
6.000.000
6.00O.000
6.000.1100
4.00o,0l'0
4.000,000
3.r.oo.ooo
2.."00,000
2,000.000
l,. ioo.ooo
1,2.".0.000
1.000,000
1 .000.000
1.000,000
I.OilO.OOO
l.ooo.ooo
7".0.000
fi.r.no.ooo
Par annum
200.000,000
144,000.000
144.O00.0uO
120.000,000
96,000,0.10
S6.000.000
72,000.000
72.000.000
72,000.000
72,000,000
72.000.OoO
4S.000.000
4S.000.000
42.000,000
30.00n.OOO
24.000.OoO
lS.OOO.OOO
15.000.000
12.000.000
12.000.000
12.000.000
12.000.000
12,000,000
9.000.000
7S.000.00O
Total i::i;,ooo.ooo l.6;i2.ooo,ooo
Ars.E.R.Gi!Ler;
substitutes be sure you get Dr. Cald
well's Syrup Heppin. See that a fac
simile of Dr. Caldwell's signature and
his portrait appear on the yclNw car
ton in whi li the bottle is parked. A
trial bottle, free of charge, u i be ob
tained by writing to Dr. W. B. Cald
well, 455 Washington 3t., Monticrllo,
Illinois.
From an obscure position the Buf
falo Brass company, has forged rap
idly ahead to a position second only
to the American Brass company, in
the amount of copper used. Many
of the older consumers of copper
companies that ten year sago were
the leaders have doubled their ca
pacity during the past two years. A
decade aco the National conduit it
Cable company was credited with us
ing nbo'it 40.000,Oio pounds of cop
ier ycir: now its estimated ie-cuirene-MM
h i v .- rieii lo 12f'.0oi'.0.i0
pounds.
Potiii'Stic consumers, whib- u: hit;
more copper than ever before, have
been working very larpe'y on orders
developing from th? European war.
Production of refined copper in the
lT ruled Slates has i ceti as high as
L'nu.oiiO.rmo pound in a single .nonlh.
With I'Hi.rtoo.Oi.O pounds consumed
in Amerii in facto: ies rheie should
be available for export about 60.000,
ooo pounds, assumim: that refinery
yield was maintained i.t full speed.
As output of the relinmg plants has
not averaged much better than ISO-
! ono.iHMi pounds, it teonies apparent
' that siiud'i-i available for export bas
,l"n m vr - than lr..oai,rvo pounds
Rumored that clorin:; of three
WeM on: house Electric plants at
Springfield was done at behest 'jf Rus
sian officials to weed nut all possible
Hi rmai) s mpaMiizers.
SMELTER EXPERTS AT
JEROME MAKING PLANS
FOR VERDEEX. PLANT
Leading Officials of ihe Com
pany, With A. G. McGregor
and H. Kenyon Burch, Are
Visiting the Site.
JEROME. Feb. 10 Jnmes S. Doug
las, president of the United Verde
Extension company, returned to Je
rome 'last week from-a trip to Doug
las. He was accompanied by George
K. Tener of rittsburg. one of the
vice-presidents of the company; II.
Kenyon Burch. who built the biggest
concentrating plant in the world for
the Miami Copper company, and A.
(J. McGregor, who is to direct the con
struction of the C. V. Extension smel-,
ter. j
Messrs. Douglas, Tener, Burch and I
McGregor have spent most of their
time since their arrival at the smel
trr site, on the Hopkins ranch near j
Cottonwood. Mr. Burch does not ex-;
pect to be connected actively with the
building of the smelter but is giving
the company nnd Mr. McGregor the
benefit of his experience and advice.
Several buildings are up on the
smelter site and some excavating has
been done. The company is now send
ing out calls for quotations on ma
terials of various kinds.
at a depth of 900 feet. 'recently purchased the old Alvarado
Mining operations at the property group of claims in the Congress coun
of the Venezia Mines company in try and are planning to develop the
Crook canon will be prosecuted the acreage at depth. These plans include
current year under the supervision of , the establishing of a large milling
J. B. Tomlinson. formerly of Golcon-; plant of powerful machinery. Twen
da. Nevada. In the latter part of , ty years ago the Alvarado was one of
1913 a camp was established at the Yavapai county's most promising
property; the 20-stamp mil! was put gold propositions. A shaft was sunk
in running order, supplies were j a depth of o0 feet acd a number of
freighted in for the winter and 20 j shipments of high grade ore were,
miners went on the job. Early the I made. With increasing depth, how-;
current year ore reduction facilities
will be supplemented by an oil-flota-tion
unit. The Veneeia ores carry
high values in gold and silver, and
while complex, can be treated cheap
ly and efficiently by means of the pro
cess last mentioned. The iron con
centrates reclaimed from the ores
ever, the ores, became complex and so
refractory the methods of reduction
then in use "failed to reclaim their
precious metal contents. Oil -flotation
and other modern milling processes
have given these ores commercial
value, not only in the Alvarado mine-'
but throughout Yavapai county gen-
will be shipped to the Humboldt smel-1 erally.
ter, while the lead concentrates will The Golden Idol group of claims in
be consigned to the El Paso smelters, i the Cherry Creek district has been
I purchased by California mining men
Silver Belt Special an(j transferred by them in turn to
A special meeting of the slocknoiu-. tne venje Inspiration Copper corn-
About Constipation. j
Certain articles of diet tend to
check movements of the bowels. The
most common of these are cheese, tea
and boiled milk. On the other hand
raw fruits, especially apples and ban
anas, also graham bread and whole
wheat bread promote a movement or
the bowels. When the bowels are
badly constipated, however, the?' sure
way is to take tne or two of Cham
berlain's Tablets immediately after
supper. (Advertisement)
ers of the Silver Belt Consolidated
company was held in Prescott on Jan
uary 10th, the entire issued stock be
ing represented in person or by proxy
by John Mahoney and J. B. Dudley,
of San Francisco, by G. L. Prentiss,
of Los Angeles, and by W. E. Paige,
general manager of the company's
Silver Belt mine near Humboldt. Mr.
Mahoney was elected vice-president
and director. Mr. Paige was elected
president and director, vice Mr. Pren
tiss, the latter resigning the positions
because of the demands of other busi
ness enterprises. Paige was also re
tained as general manager. The prop
erty is a producer of high grade lead
zinc ores. A number of shipments
were made to outside smelting points
during 1916. The mine will be de
veloped at depth this year and be
equipped with ore reduction facilities.
pany. The claims are located to th
south of the Copper Chief mine and
are soon to be the scene of extended
mining operations.
Stomach
Am
Stomach poison breed millions of
germs that eat into your vitals, caus
ing Gas Pressure. Indigestion. Consti
pation. Torpid Liver. Auto-Intoxica-
i... k.,.. .. i.i tion. einw jaunuice, uau Mones.
Interior iironertv near Wickenburc. ! Appendicitis
under the direction of the Gold Bar
Mines company. The property con
sists of thirty-four claims and within
a period of eight months October
1st. 1907 to June 1st, 1908 produced
9".762.6.'5 worth of gold bullion at an
average mining and milling cost of
; $3.29 per ton. In the summer of 1908
' the workings caved and cut off access
Cancer and fleers of
the Stomach and Intestines, etc. Thou
i sands of sufferers have been restored
'by Mayr's Wonderful Remedy, among
i them Justice of the Supreme Cour.
Congressmen. Doctors. Lawyers. Bank
jers. Ministers. Nurses, Farmers. M
, i hank's persons of every class
i probably your own neighbors. St'-ui-jach
troubles are due mostly to catar
rhal poison. Mayr's Wonderful Rem-
graoe ore Detore mentioned was cleanses the svstem. drives out the
wined. A bond issue was floated for , jjseaae breeding germs, allays inflaiu
the purpose of sinking a new shaft j mat;on ad ends suffering. Unlike any
and drifting under the point in the othor remtdv No aU'ohol nothing to
old workings where the rich ore is j injure you. One dose convinces,
loc.-.ted. Funds were exhausted, bow- fkeu book on Stomach Ailments,
ever, before this purpose was nccom- j Vriti Geo. H. Mayr. Mfg. Chemist,
plished. The new owners will con- Chicago, or obtain a bottle of Mayr's
tinne work nlons the plans fonuulat- ' Wonderful Remedy from Bisbee Drug
cd by the former operator. j Co.. Lowell Drug Co.. in Lowell or any
New Yorker Buy Mine reliable druggist, who will return your
A syndicate of New York City men j money if it fails.
fill! PRnJlllPFRx ARF 1' UlR 3-3-foot ,ev', Xwn ,he ,,i:h'edy removes that poison, thoroughly
vlu i iiuuuul.hu niiu
ACTIVE IN THE NORTH
(Continued f'om Pase 1
ing operation;-. An ore body carrying
pay gold-silver values was opened in
fanner .rs at a depth of 7"0 feet
through the mrciiutn of a tunnel. An
other tunnel is now being driven with j
the object of intersecting the fissure j