, 1
V
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 19. NO. 297.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 20, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
OFFERS ISLAND FOR
USE OF UNCLE SAM
OBSCURE RACES ARE
NOW RESIDENTS OF
THE RUSSIAN CAPITAL
Appeals Made To Govern
ment To Protect . Tribes
That Are Fast Becoming
Extinct In Far East
MINERALS SEPARATION
PATENT INFRINGEMENT
SUIT IS ON IN BUTTE
NATIONAL COLORS IN VOILE BLOUSE;
UNCLE SAM SAYS FLAGS MUST COME OFF
Fortune Estimated At $100,'
000,000 Involved In Ulti
m&te Decision In Big Case
In Montana.
(By Review Leased Wire).
BUTTE, Mont.. May 19. What is be
lieved to be the biggest lawsuit ever
heard in Montana, involving in its ulti
mate decision a fortune estimated at
$100,000,000, is in the federal court
here. The suit was between the
Minerals Separation, Limited, and
the Butte and Superior Mining Com
pany for what was alleged to be
an infrngement of the patent owned
by the plaintiff. The patent has been
upheld by the Supreme Court of the
United States in a suit by the Minerals
Separation against James W. Hyde for
infringement of the oil-mlr froth no
tation process for separating minerals
from gangue in mining operations.
tl is estimated that in case the deci
sion is against the Butte and Superior
Company, damages to the amount of
$18,000,000 may be collected by the
Minerals Separation from the One com
pany alone. The decision is expected
to affect other users of the process.
CIVIC LEAGUE WILL
MAKE INVESTIGATION
OF ENTIRE DISTRICT
Committees Appointed B y
Organization Intend To In
spect Sanitary Conditions
This Week.
Sy. fefc 4
Cft!?
7l
THf v l ite vaile blouse with a military trend, embroidered with tin
r-tr-: (o'ois insiik, bids fair to be a popular favorit; this summer,
r- "c G: in has informed ths maker of this garment, however, that ' mst
f ? "o more American flaes in the foods he selis. The law
ri ;
T.
. ,, j. , ....1 . . . . .in,.
cii-f.i to mjnulcttuic. Sfi.I. expose lor sa.e or j.-ihuiv- u.-.c k.
:n.':;il.anuis3 on wl th si all ba printti, painteJ, attached ov other
:';'. s. representation of the flasr."
The Warren District Civic League
has undertaken an investigation of
sanitary conditions surrounding the
food supply of. the Warren District
Committees have been appointed and
during the coming week they will make
a tJurof inspection of bakeries, gro
ceries, meat markets, drug stores and
restaurants In the district. The re
sults of these inspection trips will be
reported to the league and, if any
places are found to be unsantiary. the
league will take the matter up with city
and county authorities.
J In making the investigations the
(league is not assuming dictatorial
powers and does not want the mer
chants whose places will be visited to
think that the members of the com
mittees expect Vo find each place
equipped with the latest machinery for
turning out foodstuffs. The league be
lieves that the district is depending for
llll 111 (1J U I J . 1 l-J BWff.J Hw--
stores, restaurants, etc., that have no
equal in the state for cleanliness, and
the inspection trips are to be made
principally to satisfy the hundreds of
'members that this is the case. If, how
jever, any place is found to be unsani
tary, the league intends to use its in
fluence, and the membership rolls are
proof that it can have a strong influ
ence anions hundreds of residents of
the district, to see that the sanitary
laws are strictly enforced.
HARRY LOCKE'S NEW
ROAD GUIDE IS NOW
UPON THE MARKETS
Best Road Map of The Entire
Sovthwest Has Been Pub
lished By Former Resident
of The District i I
Harry Locke, the engineer who has
motored over more uiiles f good, bad
and indifferent roads thin any man in
the country, has Just published a tour
book of his travels that Deserves more
than passing mention. Mr. Locke is
field engineer for Feveral good roads
and highway associations, a work re
quiring almost constant travel while
searching out and mapping the most
feasible routes in Florida, Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana. Texas. New
Mexico, Arizona and Southern Califor
nia. Locke's Good Road Maps of Local
and Transcontinental Automobile
Routes, is the title of the new edition,
which contains detailed maps and tour
ing information of thousands of miles
Of roadway. So clear and plan has
this data been arranged that strangers
need ask no "questions regarding the
right roads to use or where supplies,
service and accommodations can be
found. Altogether, there are nearly
500 pictures accompanying the maps,
entire pages being devoted to lllustra-
; H
my- (ft
-
Julia Arthur.
There are onlv a few ceonla vht
(have islands all of their own. One at
ithem is Miss Julia Arthur, who for-
tions of scenic attractions and various !sook the stage a decade aro to mam
types of road construction. The unus- ;B. P. Cheney, a Boston millionaire,
ATHLETES ENLIST; DUAL
TRACK MEET POSTPONED
CHICAGO, May 19. The dual track
meet between the University of Chi
cago and Purdue University, sched
uled to be held today was called ofT
because the Purdue team was so se
rioHsIy weakened through the enlist
ment of its athletes for military ser-
i vice.
CTIBWf
(4
Savages arc "keyed" by means of serial num
bers. And are distributed by our own organiza
tion, not sold to middlemen in huge quantities
and carried in stock sometimes for a ear or
more.
We know just where a casing is and how 1on
it has been there. The minute a tire reaches tha
the doubtful age, the point beyond which there
is possibility of deterioration, it is replaced by a
new casing.
You are always sure of getting live tires, full
of "pep" and miles, when you buy
-'r.U , k
ual feature is that this fund of infor
mation is contained in a pocket size
book of 216 pages.
Among the prominent highways
dealt with are: Old Spanish Trails,
National Old Trails. Borderland Route,
El Camino Real, Apache Trail, Parker
Cutoff, Trail to the Sunset. Fort
Worth-Kl Paso Highway. Colorado to
jGulf. Meridian Highway, Oklahoma,
I Texas and Gulf. Jefferson Highway,
Dixie Highway, Dixie Overland Route,
Forrest Highway, Jackson Highway
Southern National Highway, and the
Ocea to Ocean Highway.
The greatest variety of interesting
travel and diversity of entertainment Is
thus offered to lure the automobilist
on vacation journeys. For instance,
one mar choose the trip to the White
I mountains, in Arizona, t an elevation
of 9.400 feet, or the Imperial Valley of
California, wihch is below tea level;
the Atlantic coast of Florida to Palm
Peach and Miami, or the route to Los
Angeles along the shores of the Pa
cific: the concrete highways travers
ing the orange belt of California, or
the natural rbads through the Indian
villages of Arizona: the summit of the
Sacramento mountains, at Cloudcroft,
N. M.. or the "vast expanses of open
prairies in Texas; the Elephant Butte
dam, which has created a lake 42 miles
long on the Rio Grande river, or the
Roosevelt dam, which backs up the
waters of Salt and Tonttj rivers for 25
miles; the Gulf of Mexico may be
skirted from Tampa. Fla., through Mo
bile. Ala., and New Orleans to Galves
ton. Tex.: or in Louisiana, the Missis
sippi and Red rivers can be followed
on roads along the levees between
Shreveport and New Orleans; even the
trail the Arizona G'jod Roads Associa
tion's route car blazed to the very
bottom of the Grand Canyon is Illus
trated. Chambers of Commerce and Auto
mobile Clubs in many localities are as
sisting in the distribution of the Tour
Guide, realizing that the result will be
an increased travel over the auto
roads of the south and southwest.
Hzzp big mileage!
THE WESTERN VULCANIZ
ING SHOP
Johnson Addition Lowell, Ariz.
te3A VSotch for the L V-.'JV'r SKA FINITE 7
X S ' cri: r-'.c 3tj. k.rc. tricti-! ind hr
TUBES
the turfict
hm'lnj Mailt!
Oi tnbcl.
CHINESE REFUGEES
FROM MEXICO FORM
REGIMENTON BORDER
(By Review Leased Wire).
COLVM3HTS, N. M., May 19. A
Chinese regiment is bein? drilled in
the United States which could an
swer a call to the rolors at any time
if China should declare war on Ger
riiany. The regiment is composed of the
Chinese refugees frjm Mexico who
accompanied General Pershing's
troops out of the southern republic.
As the exclusion act prohibited them
from being admitted to the United
States, they were given asvlum heie
:md are being fed by the Chinese Re
lief Society formed by the Chinese
tongs of San Francisco.
As these Chinese refugees have no
work to do they have formed into mil
itary companies by Major Parker, of
the local military command, and they
are put through dai'y drills, using
sMcks for guns. The Chinese have
bcome proficient in the manual of
arms and the more simple drills and
make a presentable appearance while
at drill.
New Bedford Textile Council has
asked 10 per cent wage increase, ef
fecting June 4.
and who has now returned to tha
(footlights. Miss Arthur ow4b aa
!islanjin Boston harbor which ah
has offered to the United States.
i There are no restrictions made a t
I'
.how the government shall use it.
BOSTON TECH. WINNER
OF TRACK AND FIELD MEET
(By Review Leased Wire).
CAMBRIDGE. Mass., May . 19.
Massachusetts institute of TechnoW
ogy today won the annual champion
ship track and field meeting of the
New England Intercollegiate Athletic
COMMENCEMENT WEEK
AT HIGH SCHOOL TO
BE LAUNCHED TODAY
Baccalaureate Sermon To Be
Delivered In Auditorium
This Afternoon By Rev.
John C Fry.
Commencement week at the Bisbee
High school will be opened this after
noon, when baccalaureate exercises
will be held. Five local pastors will
assist in the exercises, the baccalaure
ate semAm to be delivered by the Rev.
John C. Fry. The program for the ex
ercises this afternoon follows:
Prelude in G (Beethoven) High
School Orchestra.
Processional, "O Come, All Ye
Faithful" Girls' Glee Club.
Hymn, "America" Audience join in
singing.
Invocation Rev. Harold S. Brewster.
Scripture Lesson Rev. Charles W.
Harshman.
Trio. "Praise Ye" (fitm "Attila";
Verdi) Grace Southard, Alice Wilson,
Blanche Scott.
Sermon Rev. John E. Fry.
Prayer Rev. W S Deatherage.
"Star Spangled Banner" (Arnold)
Audience join in singing.
BenedicUon Rev. F. M. Pitman.
Postlude (Orlepp) High School Or
chestra. The program for the remainder of
commencement week follows:
Tuesday. May 22 School play.
Wednesday, May 23 Class day exer
cises, 8:15 p. m.
Friday. May 25 Annual commence
ment, 8:15 p. m.
Address by Professor Frank C. Lock-
wood. University of Arizona.
ASSOCIATION PRESIDENT
READY TO FINISH SERIES
(By Review Leased Wire)
PETROGRAD. May 19. The war
has brought into Petrograd. for the
first time in their existence, some of
the obscure half forgotten races
which Inhabit the Trans-Atlantic re
gions, the frozen reaches of the north,
and other remote provinces of the
Russian Empire. Most of these sav
age peoples are as far removed from
civilization as their ancestors of 2.
000 years ago and. though nominally
belonging to Russia, have enjoyed
none of the privileges of government
protection conferred upon the other
foreign races which occupy regions
in the centrol .portion of the empire.
Appeals are now being made to the
government to take all possible
measures to preserve and protect
these tribes: who are fast becoming
extinct, leaving some of the most fer
tile and richest oarts of Russia un
tenanted and neglected.
Among these races are the Vrv
tiaks. Tunausl. and the Samoveds. an
of which occupy lands rich in varied
produce and which contribute con
siderably to the resources of tha
country. It Is argued that if no pre
cautions are takien to prevent the ex
tinction of these races which Is be
ing hastened by scurvy and other dis
ease.' lands which they occupy will
become uninhabited and Russia will
lose a source of considerable revenue.
Association,
second.
Brown University was
CHICAGO. May 19. Yielding to the
protest of President Edward Barrow,
of the International league because
of the cancellation of the inter-league
series with the American Association,
President Hickey of the latter organ- j
ization tonight offered to go through
with the series providing the Inters
national laague still desires to carry
out the plan.
A reply from President Barrow to
Hickey's latest move is not expected
until after the meeting of the inter
national clubowners In Buffalo tomorrow.
III 'i
- - )mu'u
Where You'll
Find Me
I'm the Willard Service Station Man
and you'll know my place of business
by the red and white Willard Service
Station sign.
I'm Willard working for you, helping
you to look after your batteries peep
ing you out of battery trouble or help
ing you out when you fall into it.
I have the equipment znd the intimate
knowledge of batteries necessary to give
you the best repair and recharging serv
ice. And you don't lose the use of your
machine while I'm doing the work for
I have a rental battery for you whatever
the make or model of your car.
Come in and get acquainted, and while
you're in ask for your Willard Service
Card which entitles you to free testing.
LOHMAN & WRIGHT
Central Theatre Bldg. Lowell, Ariz.
fjj
STORAGE
BATTERY
MR
my TWO
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 20, 1917.
Suits, Coats, Dresses and Millinery Are Rapidly Finding New Owners At
The Remarkably Lowered Prices We Have Attached To ThemCome Monday For Big Savings
SPECIAL PRICES
ATTACHED TO SILK
DRESSES
SAVE 1-4.
OUR SPRING AND SUMMEF
STOCKS of charming silk dresses ar.
so complete and prices so remarkabl.
low that you should not delay you:
selection even for a single day.
BECAUSE THE LONQER YOU de
lay the less likely you Qre to secure
Just the one Individual "garment for
which perhaps you hav looked so
long. Now that the opportunity is
here for you to purchaseiit at a less
price you should make mV of it.
$18.50 Dresses For......$l 3.85
$22.50 Dresses For..$l 6.85
$25.00 Dresses For......! 18.75
$27.50 Dresses For....$20.65
$32.50 Dresses For.-.....$24.35
$35.00 Dresses For $26.33
Silk Sweaters
$18.50 TO $22.50
NEW SUMMER SHADES :
NOT ONLY IS THE DESIGNING
OF THESE dashing, vigorous Silk
Sweaters novelty in line, but the
colors, too, accentuate the Sports ef
fect. There are sweaters in Blue,
Gold, Maize, Cerise, Watermelon Pink.
Mustard, Kelly Green and Purple.
Made with large collars, sashes or
belts and big pockets, and these are
often in contrasting colors. These are
so practical for summer wear when
the days are warm and the evenings
cool and a coat Is a little too heavy
for comfort. V
. SOME OF THE SEASON'S SMARTEST and most desirable Garments have
been drastically reduced. Wherever you turn, something will be on sale and at a price
much below what you had planned to pay.
LOOK FOR THE SPECIAL SALE S IGNS in every section, they will be every
where. They will point to economies yo u never dreamed would come your way at
this period of the season. And on just th e article or garment you most need, and,
want right now.
WE WANT YOU TO BECOME FAMILIAR with the advantages of shopping
in this Woman's Garment Store And, for Monday the prices on Women's Suites
Coats, Dresses, Blouses and Millinery are s o low as to be almost irresistible Come
and share the savings 'i
Extraordinary Values in Cloth Suits
Smart Models at 4 Off Regular Prices
IT IS NOT SURPRISING THAT WOMEN who come to Investigate this offer of-Wool Suits usual'y
become purchasers And they go home satisfied with the value they have received for their money
for it la seldom your opportunity to get such remark able Suits Styles and Suit Values for the little prices
charged.
- OF COURSE THERE IS NOT AN unlimited nu mber of these suits, ycu wouldn't expect it at thin
period of the season. But there is a diversity of models, as many styles as there are suits, all new, stylish
and different, and a sufficient number to make choosing easy; newest materials and best colors.
w- .' r v -Ak.
4 t If M I
$22.50 CLOTH SUITS.....
$25.00 CLOTH SUITS . ....
$27.50 CLOTH SUITS
. $16.85 $32.50 CLOTH SUITS $24.35
. $18.75 $35.00 CLOTH SUITS $26.35
. $20.65 $45.C0 CLOTH SUITS $33.75
What Activity There Should Be For The
Blouse Section Monday To Find These
Lovely Blouses Priced at qo. c
$12.50, $15 and $18.50 Values400
. - AFTERNOON, EVENING AND STREET BLOUSES f most unusual
typos, featuring the latest types evolved by American foremost designers and
makers. The most elaborate of charming styles for formal occasions, as well,
as the more simple Blouses for wear with Tailored Suits
TWAD3 OF GEORGETTE CREPE and Crepe de Chine and superlatively
beautiful cmobinations of Cese popular materials exquisitely braided, beaded
or embroidered, in every fashionable color for summer wear, including the
bright, brilliant shades, also dashing sports models of Khaki-Kool and striped
Satin; Sizes 36 to 46 Regular 112.50, $15 and $18.50 values on sale Monday
only for $8.45.
a
L sTf-aT'"''- r-t
Crepe de Chine and Georgette
Blouses Specially Priced $2.95
x
X
v
4;
ESPECIAL INTEREST ATTACHES to this remarkable Monday offer, because "of superior styles,
quality combined with wonderful value and greatl y lowered prices.
THEY ARE EEAUTIFULLY and attractively fashioned of Crepe de Chine and Georgette Crepe, In
the new light shapes so much sought for summer we ar. Some are exquisitely heand-embroidered or lace
trimmed, many have large sailor collars that are pleated or finished with lace, as well as frilled front
models. Sale price $2.95. ' 1
AThree
Days
'Sale
"DIX-MAKE"
House Dresses For Women
$2, $2.50 to $4.50
AND THERE ARE SO MANY decidedly new Ideas in
these new "Dix-make" House Dresses that have Just arrived
at "THE FAIR" that every wonan will enjoy seeing them.
AND THEIR PRACTICABILITY for morning wear docs
not detract In any way from their smartness and attractive
ness. They're made of excellent quality Percales, Gingham,
Chambray and fine Voiles in stripes, checks, dots,. figures and
plain colors, in such a diversity of styles that you are sure
to find several to your liking. There are Sports Styles with
large sailor collar and cuffs that are braid trimmed or em
broidered, belts and big pockets.
(
Children's Black
Sateen Bloomers
SPECIAL 29c
HERE'S AN OFFER that should be
of special Interest to mothers with girls
to clothe between the ages of 4 and 12"
years.
CHILDREN'S BLOOMERS of excellent
quality Black Sateen, cut full, rcomy and
well made, with elastic belt and buttons.
Owing to the recent advance in the
price of Black Sateen, the material
would cost you more than this special
Monday price for the garments complete
29o each.
(Bon T on9 Front and Back Laced Corsets
Assure Perfect Fit, Comfort Correct Poise
.
WE WERE PARTICULAR IN CHOOSING these new models in "Bon Ton" Corsets to be sure of
the very newest and best in corset styles and in additlcn, employ an expert corsetierre to serve you.
"BON TON" Corsets are correct in every detail . Tliey represent individuality s in Corsets De
signed for individual ilgure types. Comfort, grace, and exquisite materials combine to make the "BON
TON" Corsets ideal. You will find in this new shipment or Frontlaced and Backlaced Corsets a model
suited to your individual requirements. Priced at S3 So. $5.00, $6.50 upwards to $15.
of Women's High and Low Shoes With
Prices. Away Down, Wednesday, Thurs
day and Friday, May 23, 24 and 25tli.
WOMEN KNOW W'AT A SHOE SALE,
means at "THE FAIR." Women who know the de
mand for leather and the rampage upon wluch reg
ular shoes prices have gone up, up, up and women
will not be slow to profit.
. Dcn't come expecting full lines or every size in
every style but do come expecting VALUK3 and
considerable values and you may emphasise that
as you please and hardly fear exaggeration
"ODDS AND ENDS" some might say Others
might call them "shot lines" or "stragglers" Call
them what you will THEY ARE GOOD SI OES
and In styles you will be glad to get and at prices
you will be delighted to pay.
Remember the sale is for three days, Y'ednes
day, Thursday and Friday and none will be sold or
reserved until then.
. Lot No. 1 at $2.65
"DROKEN LINES" Yes. indeed and at prices
that Ik all broken to pieces just a fragment remain
ing. In the lot there are both high and low shoes
of Patent and Dull Kid Colored Kid. White I.'uBuck
and White Canvas. Sale Price $2.65.
THERE'LL BE LIVELY
SELLING MONDAY OF
COATS
FOR ALL OCCASIONS
IT IS TIME THAT COATS WERE
MOVING and the up-to-date merchant
is re-marking them at prices that will
hurry them out at double-quick time.
The prices are so far below their
true worth, that you will see, at a
glance why we are so enthusiastic
Coats for every occasion ia bright,
dashing plain colors, and jaunty color
combinations Street coata. Motor
coats. Sports coats. Utility coats.
Traveling coats and Outing coats.
Come and share this savings
$18.50 Coats For. $125
$20.00 Coats For $13.35
$25.00 Coats For .$16.65
$27.50 Coats For. $18.35
$32.50 Coats For $21.65
$35.00 Coats For. $2335
WHITE SILK
PETTICOATS
$3.95 To $6.50
WE HAVE JUST OPENFD A
NEW SHIPMENT of Lese JEn
practical and desirable summer petti
coats; In several grades, of various
degrees of elaboration and at prices
ranging from $3.00. $3.95 upwards to
$6.50.
Tbey are of excellent qualities of
white wash silks. In a variety of new
styles; made with deep shirred
flounces, or tailored flounces with
tucks Every woman wiU want one
at the little prices we've attached to
thorn
Millinery Values For This Week's
Selling That Will Prove a Surprise
nats worm to $&.bu $
AND, OH, WHAT A REVEL OF ENTHUSIASM there should
be And such a wonderful collection for choosing. New York Pattern
Hats as well as smart creations from our own workrooms millienry
famous for style and Individuality. Assembled in one large arouD
and repriced for this week's selling.
The very hats jaunty styles for street and traveling, more dressy
models for mid summer social functions that you have admired at
'Jieir higher pnu.es. Milwu Hemp. Lisere and Lac-ey stvles in white
and a wide range of colors Values up to $S.50 reduced to $4.95.
Charming All-White Hats
- For Mid-Summer Wear at
$8.50 and $10
THE BABBLING BROOKS, THE FRESH GREEN FIELDS, the call of summer days have Inspired
the millinery designers to send from the very courtrooms of Fashion, ambassadors of summer. In the
way of beautiful, new, captivating white hats'.
May marks the true beginning of summer, an d with all. America presents to its Fashion envoy, the
seasonable millinery that women everywhere will be demanding for summer wear." The all white hats
of Milan straw, the medium .-nd large ffects with th e plain cushion brims, trimmed with flowers, orna
ments and ribbon Or smartiy tailored ready-to-wpa r hats of Milan or Hemp strays; smart sailors and
Mushroom shapes; Of course for summer they're white, with ribbon band or drapes.
Untrimmed Shapes HALF-PRICE
Including Black and Wide Range of Colors
NO SEASON HAS PRESENTED MORE becoming styles in un-"
tilmmed millinery so cleverly designed such odd shaped, irregular,
tilts and curves that very little trimming Is needed to make them quite
the most becoming hat you could choose.
And just to think, the newest and smartest of these summer hat
shapes go on sale tomorrow at exactly half price; They're of Milan, Hemp,
Lisere and Lacey braids In black, and every fashionable summer shade.
(White hats are not Included.)
MM
$2.50 SHAPES FOR $1.25
$3.50 SHAPES FOR $1.75
$5.00 SHAPES FOR $2.50
$7.50 SHAPES FOR $3.75
$3.50 SHAPES FOR $4.25
$10.00 SHAPES FOR $5.00
$1250 SHAPES FOR $6.25
$15.C0 SHAPES FOR $7.5C
hLM,?liM Motor and Sport Hats at Monday at $2.45
to miss. A group including both high and low shor.s.
of superior quality and stylefc. Of Patent ar.d Dull
Kid. Black Calf, White Canvas, and a limitr-l num
ber of pairs of colored kid Choice $3.S5 a pir.
JI'ST THE KIND OK MATS that are most desired for all kinds of outdoor sports and outings.
so practical and yet very bcoming and stylish, Made of Silk Poplin and Rainproof Taffetas in a variety
of attractive Khapes. and a wide ranse of wanted colors, including Gold, Kelly Green. Rose. Brown, Navy,"
White and Copenhagen. Choice $2.45.
- p c 3 ri ; s:i-l 7ov; '?V a
New Summer Dress Cottons Are Charming
Patterns and Colors are Marvels of Beauty
TIME TO BE PLANNING THE WARM WtATHER FROCKS and Blouses. The Cotton Goods
Section is a fertile source of inspiration. The very sight of these fabrics In thc.r loveliness and var
iety will give rise to a host of ideas for dainty summer time apparel.
We have space to only hint of the vast variety Come tomorrow-, see the r ?w weaves, new pat
terns, new colorings and the latsst novelties in Sports materials A host of pretty fabrics the devotees
of Fashion will be wearing In the coming summery days.
Colorful New Summer Parasols
$1.50, $2.00 to $10
40-in. Silk Charmeuse $2 Yard
WE TAKE PRIDE IN presenting this all Silk Charmeuse at such a moderate
price For you know that all silk materials are much higher in price and very
scarce on account of war complications but we have them in abundance and at
a cost you can easily afford to pay. In all wanted colors for street or evening
wear. 40 inches wide, per yard, $2 00
Georgette Crepe at $2 Yard
GEORGETTE CREPE, as dainty almost as a shadow tracery and as pretty
as can be in coloring. "The fairy fabric o' Spring-time." Call It that, who will
for that Is what they are Lovely in every sense of the word. And you'll find here
every color and ehade that Fashion demands; 40 inches wide, per yard $2.09.
54-in. Wo ol Jersey $3.50 Yard
WOOL JERSEY SUITINGS are so well and favorably known, that it is nnl
necessary for us to comment at length on their popularity. The color range in
cludes Golf, Copen and Navy 54 Inches wide, per yard, $3.50.
ENGLISH VOILE, 35c.
THIS IS SURELY AN iileal fabric for
pretty, dainty Blouses and Frocks, 40 inches
wide, highly mercerized finish in a range of
plain colors that Includes every popular
shades. Per yard 35c.
MERCERIZED POFLIN 30c
AFAVORITE FABRIC for the summer
seaHon for outing and Sports Togs. Skirts
and Dresses, it is of durante quality and
possesses a highly lustrous finish, every
fashionable color Is shown peryard;!0c.
FOUNDATION SILK 35c
FOR DAINTY UNDERGARMENTS for
women, that are inexpensive, there isn't any
thing that equals tl'.e pre ay foundation
Silks and there's every favorite summer
shade to choose from, 30 inches wide Per
yard,35c.
ORGANDIE SuZETTE 12y2c
rRETTY IS THE ONE WORD that t.est
describes these new organdie Suzettcs
whitrand Ian ground colors with figures,
dots and floral pattei s in new color com
binations; and lor inexpensive summer
Biousesaiid Frocks th -y are without equal.
27 Inches wide Per y rd 12V4c
THE "FARASOL"IS SUCH an Important acces
sory to every woman's summer wardrobe, that is seems
impossible for us to send you a message "and refrain
from mentioning the wonderful gathering we have as
sembled for your inspection and choosing.
IT IS A VERY COMPREHENSIVE showing and
includes . all popular shapes The Military, Japanese,
novelties and Sports Parasols and the name "Sports"
does not mean only the different and odd shape of the
I'urasol. hut it applies to the cover, too, which is of
fine silk in soorts patterns, figures, dots, stripes and
phiids in brilliant color combinations. Thee there are
tne plain colors with Moral. Persian orstnped borders,
also blark anI white effects Prices range from $1.50
up to $10.00.
CUR1
JUST NOW WE
stock of pretty curt;
dlning-rocm, or bed-rc
ity scrink marquisette
hemstitched border, c
inches In width and :
SCRIM CURTAINS
color,, and priced at i
MARQUISETTE and I
exceptional values at
$4.50 a ali.
AINS
HAVE a splendid
ins for living-room.
: III. ot excellent qual
and faille, with plain
. with lace edge; 40
',4 yards long.
in white and 1 ie
'.50 and $2.00 a pair.
A1LLE curtains, very
2.1)0 and upwards to
Japanese Porch Shades
NOW THAT SUMMER IS HERE, and old "Sol" is sending forth his blazing ray
The wannest of all are June days. It is time you were arranging to avail yourself of
the comfort and pleasure theporch affords. That means you'll want a Japanese Bamboo
Porch Screen. We have them in various sizes at reasonable prices. Equipped with rope
and pulley attachment for raising and lowering.
SHE 6x8 FEET, COMPLETE.
.$3.00SI2E 10 x 8 FEET, COMPLETE $4.00
SIZE 8x8 FEET, COMPLETE $3.50SIZE 12 x 10 FEET COMPLETE $4.50
1
s. THRE
NATIONALS
, (By Review Leased Wire).
NEW YORK, May 19 Pittsburg de
feated New York la the second game
of the series. Both sides played
loose baseball. Pittsburg knocked
Perritt out of the box In the fifth.
Pittsburg 010 010 0005 9 3
New York 000 300 001 10 0
Cooper and Shcmidt. Fischer; Per
ritt, Anderson and McCarty.
! freely and won easily. Williams
weakened In the sixth after pitching
! air tight ball. Panforth. who replac
ed him, was never in danger. The
fieldin? of Wearer and -Felsch. and
Weaver's home run were features.
Roston . . . ..00O 002 0(0 2 9 2
Chicago 200 010 22 8 11 1
Leonard and Agnew; Williams,
Dpnforth and Schalk.
PHILADELPHIA 5; CHICAGO 4
PHILADELPHIA, May 19. Phila
delphia defeated Chicago In eleven In
nings. The winning run was scored
on Killifer's siflgle, Zelder's muff of
Vaughn's throw on Lavender's bunt,
and Paskert's single. The contest
was filled with spectacular plays In
the field
Chicago . . ..?,00 100 000 00 4 7 3
Philadelphia .100 101 010 015 13 2
Vaughn and Wilson: Oeschger,
Mayer, Lavender and Killifer. .
EOSTON 5; CINCINNATI 1
BOSTON, May 19. Banes pitched
Boston to victory ovr Cincinnati,
breaking tlie locals' losing sreak. He
held Cincinnati to Jwc hits, one of
them a scratch. . Tony was poorly
suprorted by his teammates. Stops
by Groh and a one-handed catch by
Koush were features. ,
Cincinnati . . . .000 100 0001 2 5
Eostoii . . . 101 201 00 5 10 3
Toney, Knetzer, Eller and Wingo;
Ba'nes and Gowdy.
E.ROOKLYN 6; ST. LO'JJS 1
BROOKLYN. May 19. Cadore he'd
St. Louis to five scattered h't.?, pi'ch
in sthe Brooklyn champions to their
fourth successive victory. A pass to
J. Smith and J. Miller's long double
gave the visitors their only run in
this "rst inning. Hornsby and Dau
brt icatured in the field.
St. Louis . . . ...100 000 0001 5 0
Brooklyn 204 000 00 6 10 0
Steele, Watson, Horstnian, Pierce
and Gonzales; Cadore and O. Miller.
AMERICANS
. (By Review Leased Wire)
ST. LOUIS. May 19. After ham
mering Walter Johnson for ten hits
in five minutes which gave St. Louis
a lead of three, Davenport went to
pfeces in the sixth and the locals lost
to Washington 9 to 6.
Washington . . .020 003 2119 14 3
St. Louis 220 010 001 13 3
W. Johnson. Ayers and Ainsmith;
Davenport, Sothoron and Severeiif.
PHILADELPHIA 5; CLEVELAND 3
CLEVELAND, May 19. Cleveland
bunched four of its seven . errors in
the rthirdMnning and Philadelphia
won: Cleveland outbatted the visi
tors and drew seven passes, but was
helpless when bus meant runs. It
, was the first game Philadelphia has
won in Cleveland since August, 1915.
Philadelphia . . .005 000 0005 7 1
Cleveland . . . .100 000 1013 11 7
Johnson, Noyes and Scbaag; Khep
fer, Coumbe. Boehling, Morton and
O'Neill, Billings.
CHICAGO 8; BOSTON 8
CHICAGO;- May . 19. Chicago -won
Its eighth straight game, defeating
Boston. The locals batted Leonard
Vitolox
"I was raised In the South, subject
to malarial conditions all my life.
During my sixty odd years 1 have
probably taken a oarrcl of medicine.
Some time ago I got a dollar bottle
of Vitolox, and I must say this remedy
seems to take more poison from the
system than anything I ever took. I
have gained several pounds and feel
like a new man."
J. G. CANNON,
McGOFFIN AVE,
EL PASO, TEX.
6 Bottles will cure any case of mus
cular or Inflammatory rheumatism.
Sold on a guarantee.
NEW YORK 9; DETROIT 9
DFTROIT, May 19. Detroit and
New York played 11 innings, to a tie
in a game marked by tad pitching,
poor fielding and erratic baserunning.
Seven pitchers were used and they
save 19 bases on balls.
New York . .211 200 002 109 13 4
Detroit .'. ...131 000 030 109 13 3
Russell. love. Shawkey and Nuna
maker": Cunningham. Poland, James,
Ehmke and Spencer, Stanage.
HOW THEY STAND
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Club ' W. L. Pet.
Chicago 22 11 .607
New York 15 S .652
Philadelphia 16 9 .640
St. Louis 14 13 ,.519
Cincinnati 13 19 .406
Boston 9 14 .391
Brooklyn 9 14 .391
Pittsburg ....10 20 .330
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Club ' W. U. Pet
Poston 17 10 .630
New York 17 9 .654
Chicaeo 22 12 .647
Cleveland 16 16 .500
St. Louis 14 18 .438
Washington . . 13 16 .448
Detroit 10 18 .357
Philadplphia 8 18 .308
Coast Results
At San Francisco
Portland . . . ., 3 7, 5
San Francisco 10 12 1
Brent on. Harrington and Sepulveda;
Steen and Baker.
At Salt Lake '
Oakland 7 10 2
Salt Lake 5 12 2
Burns and 'Roche; Evans, Dubuc
and Hannah.
At Los Angeles
Los Angeles 2 9 5
Vernon 5, 5 4
Hogg. Crandall, Hull and Bassler;
Johnson and Simon.
Second Game
Los Angeles 0 2 2
Vernon . 2 9 0
Brown, Hall and Boles; Mitchell
and Mitze.
Western League
At Omaha
Omaha 100 003 20 6 8 1
Lincoln ... ....000 000 2002 7 1
O'Toole and Brottem; Halla and
Rohrer.
At St. Joseph
Wichita 040 000 0004 9 2
St. Joseph ......100 000 0012 1, 1
Hooper, Powell and Moore; Baker
and Tyree.
At Des Moines
Sioux City 100 012 0206 6 2
Des Moines ..'..010 600 00 7 8 3
Grbver and Crosby; O'Doul, Kallio
and Spahr.
At Joplin '
Denver . . .' 000 000 000 0 3 0
Joplin .100 000 20 3 7 1
Boehlerand Shestak; McGranorand
Monroe. .
EEAUTIFOL PICTURE
IS FOX FEATURE WITH'
ANNETTEKELLERMANN
"A Daughter of The Gods,"
Featuring Miss Kellermann,
Appears At The Orpheum
Theatre May 24 And 25.
Ninety per cent of the multitudinous
scenes of William Fox's picture beauti
ful. "A Daughter of the Gods," In
"stills," or stationary pictures, would
furnish fit canvasses tor the art taller
ies of the world. The painter who
could have conceived, set and executed
in oils a scene from mermaid bay; an
interior of the sultan's palace, show
ing the bath or beauties of the harem;
Miss Annette Kellermann wandering
like a lost Eve in the woodland .or the
multi-coPjred battled scene before or
burning of the Moorish capitol, would
have taken his place with Turner
for color. Van Dyck for costume. Whis
tler for feature, Raphael f.-r form.
It Is sincerely hoped that an Inven
tion shall be made which shall serve
to perpetuate such valuable ribbons
of film as go to make up "A Daughter
of the Gods." Imagine our own delight
if we were given to see the original
models of the Venus de Mllo, the Apol
lo Belvedere, the "Winged Victory,
and other standard examples of antique
art, in natural ,ot-Vf-door action in
and about the seashore, the groves, the
temples of old Greece! If one or two
thousand years from today the de
scendants of what are new Anerican
school children could be shown the
film that was produced simultaneous
ly with mi year of the great European
war, it would throw considerable inti
mate light on the progress attained in
the twentieth century. Who can say
but what In 2,000 years America will
be the Greece of antiquity?
If you think your soul and senses de
serve a rare treat, a journey through
Elysian fields in commemoration of
this holiday season, take yourself to see
"A Daughter of the Gods," to be shown
here at tba Orpheum, May 24 and 25.
You will take home with you a series
of mental images which will life you
above the humdrum of cvery-day life
for weeks to tVmie.
MARJORIE RAMBEAU
KNOWS OTTHE DEBT"
Star of Attraction at Orpheum
Knows What It Means To
Shoulder "The Debt"
- American Association
At Kansas City, 1; Indianapolis 6.
At St. Paul, 13; Louisville 5.
At Milwaukee. 7; Toledo 0.
At Minneapolis, 2; Columbus 0.
Southern Association
At Birmingham, 4; Atlanta 5.
At Mobile, 3; Memphis 1.
At Chattanooga, 3; Nashville 8.
At Little Rock, 2; New Orleans 2.
(12 innings, darkness).
WATKINS &
BERQUIST
Jewelers & Opticians
GRADUATION
presents purchased at Watkins & Berg
quist Jewelry Store insure economy of the
right sort, here you get a hundred cents of
real value for the dollar you spend.
6
Marjorie Rambeau made $100,000 In
jnunitinns in eight days, and having
(Tone so threw the entire amount back
Into Wall street's sizzle pot on the
holy principle of double or quits, while
"guardians of genius" implored her to
"let well enough aIVne," that same be
ing the $100,000 already in hand. This
is the actress featured In "The Debt,"
pnnfaring at the Orpheum theater to
night Viss Rambeau bought in with her
hundred thousand on a Friday and sold
out on Monday at noon with $20,000
to her credit on the broker's books.
Now she has $7,000 left of her total
winnings, but she didn't rose the rest
in speculation. Oh, no; she made sev
eral more certain Investments, bought
a $50,000 house in New York, end oth
erwise established herself in the first
line trenches of finance.
So Miss Rambeau in all probability
feels entirely at home in the new
Powell-Mutual star production, "The
Debt," a remarkable play adapted from
an old story by Kilbourn Gordon and
done into pbotodrama by Clara S. Be
ranger, because the plot calls for mak
ing a fortune in a blazing hurry to
pay a long standing family debt, and
if any woman knows the sensations of
sudden accession to rng wished for
wealth, that woman is Marjorie Ram
beau. Miss Rambeau as the Countess Ann,
member of an aristocratic family
whose head. Baron Moreno, invested
his fortune and the savings of bis nu
merous tenants in a wildcat mining
scheme, afterward killing himeslf.
seeks in America the opportunity to
make money for the payment 'ot her
family debts.
There is nothing like first hand
knowledge of the emotions one is called
on to portray, and Marjorie knows.
The HALLMA'RK" Store
MISS BJURSTEDT ANNEXES
TWO MORE TENNIS TITLES
(By Review Leased Wire).
NEW YORK, May 19. Miss Molla
Blurstedt, the national champion,
added two more tennis winners' pat
riotic certificates to her collection to
day on the courts of the West Side
Tennis club.
Miss Bjurstedt won the women's
doubles final of the Metropolitan tour
nament with Miss Marie Wagner as
her partner, defeating Miss Helena
Pollack and Miss Helen Bernhard,
both of the Harlem club. 6-1. 7-5.
Miss Bjurstedt. in the mixed dou
bles final with Alrick H; Man, Jr.,
as her partner, defeated 'Mtas Flor
ence Ballin and F. B. Alexander, for
mer internationalist, 6-4, 8-6.
Belgian government is advised that
United States will devote $90,000,000
to providing population of Belgium
and $60,000,000 to northern France.
Relief work now costs $7,000,000 a
KEYSTONE COMEDY
FEATURES BOOKED '
AT ORPHEUM HOUSE
Feature Comedy Productions
Booked For The Orpheum.
These Pictures Are Best In
Their Chosen Field.
Gloria Swanson, the blacksmith's
daughter .and Bobby Vernon, the chore
boy, fall in Rve with one another, at
tue beginning of "The Nick of Time
Baby," a feature Keystone, which ap
pears Monday at the Orpheum. '
' Bobby's uncle leaves him a fortune,
and the erstwhile chore boy gives a
party to his friends.
Earl Rodney is also in love with
Gloria and conceives a way to drprive
Bob of the fortune. The wilt of the
uncle has declared that in case a child
was born in the house left to Bobby be
fore the tenants moved or before Bob
by was of age, the property should go
to the child.
Rodney sees a chance to make it ap
pear that the child has been L'orn and
gets permission of the parents to have
the child adopted. The mother of the
baby Is paid to desert the child and run
away. Later the father, who had de
serted her, hears of the child end re
turns. In the meantime the plot is work
ing, and Bobby is given to understand
that the child owns the house.
The baby mysteriously disappears,
and after many exciting episodes the
real parents appear and claim the
baby, while Bobby,, again the owner
)t the house, makes love to Gloria.
This is a rural comedy .filled with
various interior and exterior country
views and many tricks with animals,
blacksmith fofges, etc.
LILLIAN GISH THE
CENTRAL FEATURE
Little Triangle Actress Ap
pears Tonight In Lowell In
"The House Built Upon
Sand." .
Novo Mining Hoists
"The House Built Upon Sand" is the
title of a new Triangle play. In which
I Lillian Gish Is the star and which will
i be shown at the Central theater today.
I Miss Gish is seen as the wife of a man
ufacturer who has ideas of his own
about improving, the .welfare of his
I workmen and proceeds to put them In-
to effect, with startling results, both
for the workmen and for the wife. A
feature of the play Is the raiding by
the workmen's wives of a club which
has been started for their husbands
and' which the men have turned into a
drinking and (ambling resort. The raid
is followed by a fire, which destroy
the building and results in disclosures
concerning people other than the work
men and their wives. Roy Stuart, a
new Triangle leading man, appears as
the husband.
' New York American says wooden
shipbuilding program has been largely
rejected. Instead of building 1000
steamers of wood, only 200 are to be
of that type, while remaining 800 are
to be of steel.
CANALS USED AS MEANS
TO RELIEVE CONGESTION
I
(By Review Leased. Wire).
LONDON, May 19. An experiment
in the use of canals to relieve rail
way transport was successfully con
cluded by the arrival in the Regents
Canal. London, .of a string of coal
laden barges driven by small motors.
These started from Cannock Chase,
Staffordshire, about 150 miles away
and completed the Journey in seventy
six hours, during ; which time they
navigated seven different canals, man
aged the various locks with ease and
passed the horse-towVd barges all
along the route.
This NOVO MINE HOIST will hoist 600
pounds at 2 1 0 feet per minute from a depth of
600 feet. We have a number of these hoists in
stock and can make delivery at any time.
Mining Supplies
There has been a large demand for pros--pecting
and mining accessories in the past few
months, but we have replenished our stock
so are ready to care for your needs in that line,
including powder, fuse, caps, cap protectors,
steel, both drill and soft as well as shapes and
angles, carbide lamps, carbide, pipe, pipe fit
tings and valves.-
Washington advices are .that Ger
many is turning out ' three to five
U-boats a week. Thijse boats are
vastly larger and improved, being al
most cruiser size.
Review Want Ads for Results
The Studebaker SIX
Reasons for Its Leadership
THE Series 18 Studebakers are the
best cars Studebaker has ever pro
dueed They have been perfected hv
four yea'rs experience with the same
basic design.
They embody ninety distinct improve
ments in mechanical construction, con
venience and comfort over the Series 17.
which made such a great record for
Studebaker in 1916.
They are made of carefully selected ma
terials, tested and developed in the great
Studebaker laboratories.
Their workmanship is experienced, pains
taking and carefully supervised.
The inspections are rigid and exacting
in the extreme.
For these reasons Studebakers are prob
. ly the most powerful cars on the mar
'Let. .n ratio to their weight.
For these reasons they are most e
nomical in the consumption of gasolu.
For these reasons Studebaker owners
frequently get from 8.000 to 10.000 mile
on a single set of tires.
For these reasons there are more Shuie
bakers in use in California, where they
prove and test cars by daily use twelve
months in the year, tha any other oar
costing over $500.
For these reasons Studebakers stand up
v the hardest, hilliest drives and under
- tLe most racking tests of the road at a
minimum cost for up-keep.
For these reasonsStudebaker is enabled tp
guarantee its cars for a full year against
defective workmanship and material.
Let us prove the quality and economy
of Studebakers, let us give you a Stude
baker demonstration.
Fnur-Cylinder Models
t . Vt'R Koadsicr . . . $M
- .L'R Touring Car . . 985
OUR Landau Roadster . 115
'OUR Every-Weather Car 1185
A II prtca . Dttratt
BISBEE AUTO COMPANY
(The Pioneer Garage)
PHONE 5.
m
Stx-CyHnder Moaels
SIX Roadster . . . $135
SIX Touring Car ... ll'-t
SI X Landau Roadster . . W
SIX Touring Sedan . . 1701
SIX Coupe . . . . . IT5
SIX Limousine .... 2oU)
AUphcttt. a Drtrl
month. FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 20, 1917.
LEGAL NOTICES
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
F. W. WOOLWORTH CO.
We, the undersigned, all being per
sons of full age and at least two
thirds being citizens of the United
States, and at least one of us a resi
dent of the State- of New York, de
siring to form a stock corporation
(other than a moneyed corporation,
or a corporation provided for by the
banking, the insurance, the railroad
and the transportation corporations
laws, or an educational institution
or corporation which may be incorpo
rated as provided in the1 educational
law) pursuant to the provisions of
the Business Corporations Law of the
State of New York, do hereby make
sign, acknowledge and file this Cer
tificate for that purpose as follows
First The name of the proposed
corporation shall be "F. W. Wool
. worth Co." (hereinafter referred to
as the "Company").
Second The location of its prin
cipal office in the State of New York
shall be In the City of Watertown, In
the County of Jefferson and State of
New York.
Third The purpose or purposes
for which the Company is formed are
as follows: '
(1) To purchase, acquire, receive
and take oven upon such terms and
conditions and in such manner as
toe board of directors of the Com'
pany shall determine or agree to, all
or any part of the assets and prop
erty of every character whether tan
gible or intangible and including
good-will of (a) F. W. Woolworth
&. Co., a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the State
of New York; (b) S. H. Knox & Co
a corporation organized and existing
tinder the laws of the State of New
York: (c) F. M. Kirby & Co., a cor
poration organized and existing under
the laws of the State of Pennsyl
vania: Vd) The E. P. Charlton & Co.
a corporation organized and existing
under the laws of the State of Con
necticut: (e) The "five and ten cent"
store business of C. S. Woolworth;
and (f) The "five and ten cent" store;
businesses of W. H. Moore, W. H.
Moore & Son subject to the
debts, liabilities and obligations
of said corporations and busi
nesses, and to pay therefor either
the sum of $64,998,000 by the Issue,
and delivery of 150.000 shares of its
fully paid and non-assessable seven
per cent cumulative preferred capital
stock and 499.9S0 shares of its fully
paJd and non-assessable common cap
ital stock or such other amount or
amounts, payable in such manner, as
the board of directors shall in its dis
cretion determine.
To empower any of the officers or
directors of said F. W. Woolworth
& Co., S. H. Knox & Co, F. M. Kirby
Co. and The E. P. Charlton & Co..
and said C. S. Woolworth and W.H.
Moore to be and become, incorpora
tors, directors and stockholders in
this Company, and as such incorpora
tors, directors and stockholders tfc
vote tor and authorize the acquisi
tion of the property and shares of
stock (or either) of said F. W. Wool
worth & Co.. S. H. Knox & Co., F.
M. Kirby & Co.. and the E. P. Charl
ton & Co., and said "five and ten
cent" store businesses of said C. S.
Woolworth. W. H. Moore and W. H.
Moore & Son. and to relieve the in
corporators and directors of this Com
pany from any disqualification which
might otherwise exist from so act
ing. (2) To establish and conduct a
general department store business
and "five and ten cent" store busi
ness. (3) To carry on all or any of the
businesses of dry goods merchants,
cloth manufacturers, furriers, haber
dashers, hosiers', manufacturers, im
porters, wholesale and retail dealers
of and in textile fabrics of all kinds;
milliners, dressmakers, mantuamak
ers, tailors, hatters, clothiers, furnish
ers, outfitters, glovers, lace manufac
turers, feather dressers, boot and
shoe makers: manufacturers and im
porters, and wholesale and retail
dealers of and in leather goods house
hold furniture, ironmongery, china
and glassware, crockery and other
household fittings and utensils, orn
aments, bric-a-brac, staionery no
tions, toys and fancy goods; dealers
in meats and provisions, drugs, chem
icals and other articles and commodi
ties of- personal and household use
and consumption: and generally of
and in -all manufactured goods, ma
terials, provisions and produce.
(4) To buy, sell, manufacture, re
pair, alter and exchanee, let on hire,
export, and deal in all kinds of arti
cles and things which may be re
quired for the purposes of any of the
said businesses, or commonly sup
plied or dealt in by persons engaged
in any such businesses, or which may
seem capable of being profitably dealt
with in connection therewith.
(5) In furtherance, and not in lim
itation, of the general powers con
ferred by the laws of the State of New
York, and of the above stated pur
poses, it is hereby expressly provided
that, the Company shall have the fol
lowing further and additional powers,
that, is to say:
(a) As principal, agent, commis
sion merchant or consignee, to ac
quire, by purchase or otherwise, own,
hold take on lease or in exchanee,
mortgage-, laase. sell or otherwise;
dispose of any and all real and per
sonal property, rights and privileges,
suitable or convenient for any 0 the
purposes or businesses of the Com
pany, and to acquire, by purchase or
otherwise, own. hold, lease, niorttage
or otherwise dispose of. erect, con
struct, make, alter. enlarEe. improve,
and to aid or subscribe toward the
construction, acquisition of improve
ment or any factories, shops, store
houses, buildings, and manufacturing
and commercial establishments of ev
ery character, including all equipment,
fixtures, machinery, implements and
supplies necessary or incidental to.
or connected with, any of the pur
poses or businesses of the Company.
(b) To purchase, hold, sell, assign,
transfer, mortgage, pledge, or other
wise dispose of the shares of capital
Uc!t' or auy toads, securities or
evidences of indebtedness of any cor
poration, domestic or foreign, and to
pay therefor (in whole or in part)
in cash or other property, or by the
issue and delivery of the capital
stock, bonds or other obligations of
the Company, or of any other corpo
ration. (c) In so far as not inconsistent
with the other provisions of this cer
tificate, to acquire from time to time,
in exchange for the shares of the
capital stock of the Company, as the
same may at any time now or here
after exist, such property or shares
of the capital stock of any other cor
poration or corporations as the board
of directors shall deem of advantage
to the Company, at such valuation as
in the judgment of said board shall
be fair and Just
(d) To purchase, retire, redeem.
hold, re-issue, and otherwise dispose
of the shares of stock, bonds or other
obligations of the Company in such
amounts and in such manner and upon
such terms as the board of directors
may deem expedient, except as
herein otherwise expressly provided
and in so far as may be permitted by
law.
(e) To acquire, purchase, hold,
use. sell, assign, lease, mortgage, or
otherwise dispose of or turn to ac
count letters patent of the United
States, or of any foreign country, in
ventions, patents, patent rights, lic
enses and privileges, improvements,
trademarks and trade names, or pend
ing applications therefor, or connected
therewith, covering In whole or in
part any and all articles manufactur
ed or dealt In by the Company, or re
lating to. or useful In connection with
any business that may at any time
be carried on by the Company.
(f) To make, accept, endorse, ex
ecfute and Issue promissory notes,
bills of exchange, bonds, debentures
and other obligations, from time to
ime. for the purchase of property or
for any purpose in or about the bus
iness of the Company, and to secure
the payment of any such obligation
by mortgage, pledge, deed of trust.
or otherwise.
(g) To do any or all the things
herein set forth, and 6uch other
things as are incidental or condu
cive to the attainment of the above
objects, to the same extent as nat
ural persons might or could do. and
'n any part of the world, in so far as
he tame are not inconsistent with
the provisions of said "Business Cor
porations Law."
The purposes and powers specified
in any clause contained in this Third
Article shall, except where otherwise
expressed in said Article, be In no
wise limited or restricted by refer
ence to or inference from the terms
of any other clause of this or any
other Article of this certificate, but
the purposes and powers specified in
each of the clauses" of this Article
shall be regarded as independent pur
poses and powers.
Nothing In this certificate contain
ed shall, however, authorize the Com
pany to conduct any business other
than a mercantile or a manufactur
Ine business.
Fourth The amount of the total
authorized capital stock shall be $10,-
000, divided into 100 shares of the
nar value of $100 ench. of which $5.
000. consisting of 50 shares of $100
each shall be seven per cent, cumu
lative preferred stock, and the re
maining $5,000, consisting of 50 shares
of $100 each shall be common stock.
The amount of capital with which the
corporation will commence' business
is $2,000.
(a) From time to time all said
seven per cent cumulative preferred
stock and all said common stock may
be issued in such amounts and for
such purposes as shall be determined
by the board of directors and as may
be permitted by law.
(b) The holders of the preferred
stock sh8ll be entitled to receiee. and
the Company shall be obligated to
pay, but only out of the surplus pro
fits of the Company, cumulated divi
dends at the rate of seven per cen
tum per annum, and no more, payable
quarter-yearly on the first days of
April. July, October nnd January in
each year, the first quarter-yearly
dividend being payable on April 1,
1912. before any dividends shall be
paid upon or' set apart for the com
mon stock. The dividends on the
preferred stock shall be cumulative
from and after January 1. 1912.
(c) The whole or any part of the
preferred stock may be redeemed at
any time, at the option of the board
of directors, upon three months pre
vious written or published notice to
the holders of record thereof, given
in such manner as may be prescribed
by resolution of said board, by pay
ing therefor In cash $125 per share
and all unpaid accrued dividends
thereon at tliA date fixed for such
redemption. If at any time the board
of directors shall determine to re
deem less than the whole amount of
preferred stock then outstanding, the
particular stock to be so redeemed
shall in each instance be determined
by lot in such manner as the board
of directors shall prescribe.
(d) On or before the first nay of
July, 1913. and on the first day of
July in each and every year there
after (until all preferred stock shall
have been redeemed) there shall be set
apart and credited to a "Special Sur
plus Accounf'out of the surplus profits
of the Company after al! cumulated
and defaulted dividends upon said
preferred stock shall have been paid,
or set apart, an amount equal to at
least three per cent (3 per cent)
of the largest amount In par'value of
said, preferred stock that shall have
been, or may be at any one time Is
sued and outstanding. Within one
year after the first day of July, 191?..
and within one year after the first
day of July in each and every year
thereafter, the Company shall 'ac
quire preferred stock up to an amount
which, at the purchase price thereof,
shall equal the amount then standing
to the credit of said Special Surplus
Account. Said preferred stock shall
be acquired (1) at the lowest price
at which the same may. with rea
sonable diligence, be obtainable by
the Company, but in no event exceed
ing $125 per share, plus accrued and
unpaid dividends thereon, and (2) In
sulU u.auuer aa tli lc&rd of direct
ors may from time to time determine.
The preferred stock . thus acquired
shall never be reissued by the Com
pany, but shall be retired in the man
ner provided by law. Any deficiency in
the amount required to be set apart,
in any year, to the credit of said Spe
cial Surplus Account shall be made
good out of the net profits of the
Company In subsequent years before
any dividend sba.ll be declared or
paid upon the common stock. The
Company may (in addition to the
amounts hereinabove in this subdi
vision (d) of this Article required to
be set apart in said Special Surplus
Account) set apart in said account in
any year such other or further
amounts as the board of directors
may, fom time to time, determine;
and to the extent to which such other
or further amounts shall be so set
apart In said account and actually
used for the acquisition and retire
ment of preferred stock as hereinbe
fore provided, the obligation' of the
Company, with respect to said Sp"
cial Surplus Account and the acoui
sition of preferred stock in subse
quent years, under the provisions of
this subdivision (d) shall be accord
ingly reduced.
(e) In no event shall any dividend
whatsoever be paid or declared on
the common stock nntil (1) The cur
rent quarterly dividend on the pre
ferred stock, as well as all accumu
lated and defaulted dividends thereon,
shall have been paid or set apart;
(2) All arrears In respect of said
Special Surplus Account and in the
acquisition of preferred stock there
for shall have been made good; and
(3) There shall be first created and
maintained (in addition to said Spe
cial Surplus Account and all preferred
stock acquired pursuant to the pro
visions of subdivision (d) of this Ar
ticle) at least the further surplus
of $1,000,000; and in no event shall
any dividend in excess of four par
cent per annum be paid or declared
on the common stock until said fur
ther surplus so created (in addition
to said Special Surplus Account and
all preferred stock acquired pursuant
to the provisions of subdivision (d)
of this Article) shall amount fo and
be maintained at not less than $2,-
500,000. Whenever $5,000,000 in par
value of preferred stock shall be ac
quired In accordance with the pro
visions of subdivision (d) of this
Article, all requirements hereinbe
fore specified to create and maintain
any such further surplus shall forth
with cease and determine.
The Special Surplus Account may
be used for the payment of dividends
on the preferred stock, provided there
are no other funds of the Company
available for that, purpose. All sums
withdrawn from said Special Surplus
Account for the payment of dividends
upon the preferred stock shall first
b made good before any dividend
shall at any time, be paid or declared
on the commonTstock.
(f) Subject to the foregoing provi
sions, and not otherwise, such divi
dends as may be determined by the
board of directors may be declared
and paid on the common stock from
time to time tnt of the remaining
surplus profits of the Company. The
board of directors shall have power
from time to time to fix and deter
mine and to vary the amount of the
working capital of the company; and
to direct and determine the use and
disposition of any surplus profits of
the Company over and above the cap
ital stock paid in.
(g) The amount of preferred stock
shall not be increased except with the
consent of at least two-thirds in in
terest of the then issued and out
standing stock of the Company of
each class (both preferred and com
mon), given in person or by proxy
at a meeting specially called for that
purpose.
(h) Upon any dissolution, liquida
tion, merger or consolidation of the
Company (whether voluntary or In
voluntary), or upon any distribution
of capital or in the event of its in
solvency there shall be paid to the
holders of the preferred stock S123
per share and the amount of all un
paid accrued dividends thereon, be
fore any sum shall be paid to or any
assets distributed among the holders
of the common stock; and after such
payments to the holders of the pre
ferred stock all remaining assets and
funds of the Company shall be paid
to the holders of the common stock
according to their respective shares.
(1) The entire voting power for
the election of directors shall be vest
ed in the common stock, except as in
this paragraph otherwise provided.
The preferred stock shall have no
voting power in the elections for di
rectors unless and until three quar
terly dividends payable thereon
shall be in default. Immediately
Upon the happening of such event,
and thereafter until such defaults and
all defaults subsequent thereto shall
have been made good, the common
stock shall have no voting power in
the elections for directors, and the
entire voting power in the elections
for directors shall become and re
main vested exclusively in the pre
ferred stock. However, if and when
the defaulted dividends shall there
after be paid, the voting power in the
elections for directors shall again be
vested exclusively in the common
stock.
At all stockholders' meetings, except
as otherwise expressly in this certifi
cate provided, each share of stock of
the Company, both preferred and
common, shall be entitled to one vote.
Fifth The names and postoffice ad
dresses of each of the incorporators
and original subscribers to the cap
ital stock, and the number of shares
of common stock subscribed for by
each, are as follows:
No. Shares
Iewis E. Pierson. 92 West ((road
way. Manhattan. N. Y. C 4
T. Herbert Case. 166 Montague St.
Brooklyn. N. Y. C 4
William C. Breed. 32 Liberty St..
Manhattan. N. Y. C 4
George V. Hagerty. 374 Broadway,
Manhattan. N. Y. C 4
Western W. Wager, 48 Wall St.,
Matihattan. N. Y. C 4
Total
Sixth The duration of
lauy bhall Le perpetual.
.2fl
Corn-
the
Seventh The number of directors
of the Company shall he five. In
case the number of directors shall
at any time be Increased beyond that
number, the directors shall be clas
sified with respect to the time for
which they shall severally hold of
fice by dividing them into three
classes, each consisting, as nearly as
may be, of one-third of the whole
number of the board. The directors
of the first class shall be elected for
a term of one year; the directors of
the second class for a te:m of two
years; and the directors of the third
class for a term of three years; and
at each annual election the succes
sors to the class of directors whose
terms shall expire in that year shall
be elected to hold office for the term
of three years, so that the term of
office of one class of -lirectors shall
expire in each year.
In case of any lnceaso in the num
ber of directors, the additional di
rectors shall be selected by the direct
ors then in office.
In case of any vacancy in any class
of directors through death, resigna
tion, disqualification or other cause,
the remaining directors, by affirma
tive vote of a majority thereof, may
elect a successor to hold office for
the unexpired portion of the term of
the director whose place shall be va
cant, and until the election of a suc
cessor. The names and postoffice addresses
of the directors for the first year
shall be as follows:
Lewis E. Pierson, 92 West Broad
way, Manhattan, New York City.
X Herbert Case, 166 Montague St.,
Manhattan, New York City.
William C. Breed. 32 Liberty St.,
Manhattan, New York City.
George V. Hagerty, 374 Broadway,
Manhattan. New York City.
Western W. Wager, 48 Wall St..
Manhattan. New York City.
No director of the Company need be
a stockholder therein.
Eighth The directors shall have
power, amongst other things:
(a) From time to time, to deter
mine whether, and to what extent,
and at what times and places, and
under what conditions and regula
tions, the accounts and books of the
Company, or any of them shall be
open to the inspection of stock
holders; and no stockholder shall
have any right to inspect any book
or account or document of the Com
pany except as conferred by the stat
utes of New York, or authorized by
the directors.
(bv) Subject - to the provisions of
the aforesaid "Business Corporations
Law." to hold their meetings either
wiihin or without the state of New
Yo-k. and to have one or more offices,
and to keep the books of the Com
pany (except such books as are re-
nuired by law to be kent at its office)
outside the state of New York, and
nt such place or plaoes, as may, from
time to time, be designated bv them.
fc) To provide by the by-laws, or
otherwise, for the selection, from
mong their own number, of an ex
ecutive committee of such number as
they may from time to time desig
nate, and to deligatf to snch execu
tive committee all or any of the
powers of the board of directors, pro
vided that such delegation of power
is not contrary to law.
(d) To appoint such other stand
ing committees as they may deter
mine, with such powers as shall be
conferred by them or as may be au
thorized, by the by-laws: and
(e) To appoint other officers of
the Company, and also one or more
vice-presidents, one or more assistant
treasurers and one or more assistant
secretaries, and to provide that the
persons so appointed shall have, and
may exercise, all or any of the powers
of the president, of the treasurer and
of the secretary, respectively.
Ninth No mortgage, lien or incum
brance of any kind upon any part of
the real or personal property, assets.
effects, undertaking or good will of
(he Company, shall he created or be
valid or effective unless the -same
shall have been previously author
ized by the consent, of the holders of
at least three-fourths in interest of
each class of outstanding stock of
the Company, both preferred and com
mon, given in person or by proxy,
either in writing, or at an annual
meeting, or at a special meeting
called for that purpose; but this pro
hibition shall not be deemed or con
strued to apply to, nor shall It oper
ate to prevent the giving of purchase
money, mortgages, or other purchasq
money liens on property to be here
after acquired by the Company, nor
to the pledging by the Company ad
security for loans made to it in the
regular and current conduct of Its
business of accounts receivable or
other'llquid assets or of any storks,
bonds, or other securities owned by
it. other than the shares of stock of
any subsidiary corporations.
Tenth No contract or other trans
action between the Company and
any other corporation shall be affect
ed by the fact that the directors of
this Company are interested In or
are directors or officers of such other
orporation. and any director indiv-
ualiy may be a party to or may be
interested in any contract or transac
tion of this Company; and no contract
or transaction of this Company with
anv person or persons, firm or asso
ciation, shall be affected by the fact
that any director or directors or this
Company is a party to or interested
in such contract or transaction, or
in any way connected with such per
son or persons, firm or association,
provided that the interest in any such
contract or other transaction or any
such director shall be fully disclosed
and that such contract or other trans
action shall be authorized or ratified
hv the vote of a sufficient number of
directors of the Company not so in-
t "rested: and each and every person
who may become a director of this
Company is hereby relieved from any
liability that niipht otherwise exist
from contracting with the Company
for the benefit of himself or any linn,
association or orporation in which
he may be in any. wise interested.
Eleventh Subject always to (he by
laws made by the stockholders, the
board of directors may mHke bv-laws
fom time to time, may alter, amend
or repeal any bvlew: but any by-
la .vs made by the board of directors
may te altered, amended or repealed
by the stockholders at any annual
moling or at any special meeting,
provided notice of such proposed al
ternation of repeal be included in the
notice of meeting.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF we have
made, signed, sealed and acknowl
edged this certificate in duplicate this
14th day of December, in the year one
thousand nine hundred and eleven
(A. D. 1911).
LEWIS E. PIERSON, (Seal).
J. HERBERT CASE, (Seal).
WILLIAM C. BREED, (Seal).
GEORGE V. HAGERTY, (Seal).
WESTERN W. WAGER, (Seal).
Witness:
WILLIAM B. WHITE.
STATE OF NEW YORK.)
) ss
COUNTY OF NEW YORK)
On this 14th day of December, In
the year one thousand nine hundred
and eleven (1911). before me, the un
dersigned, personally came Lewis E.
Pierson: J. Herbert Case: William C.
Breed: George V. Hagerty: and West
ern W. Wager to me personally
known and known to me to be the
individuals described in; and who ex
ecuted the foregoing instrument, and
they severally duly acknowledged be
fore me that they executed the same
fcr the purposes therein mentioned.
WILLIAM B. WHITE,
Notary Public,
(Seal) New York County, No. 172.
STATE OF NEW YORK.)
) ss
COUNTY OF NEW YORK)
I, William F. Schneider, Clerk of
the County of New York, and also
Clerk of the Supreme Court for the
said County, the same being a court
of record, do hereby certify that Wil
liam B. White, whose name is sab-
scribed to the certificate of the rroof
cr acknowledgement of the annexed
instrument, and thereon written, was,
at the time of taking such proof or
acknowledgement, a Notary Public in
and for the County of New York,
dwelling in the said County, commis
sioned and sworn, and duly author
ized to take the same. And further
that I am well acquainted with the
hrndwriting of such Notary and verily
believe that the signature to the said
certificate of proof or acknowledge
ment is genuine.
In testimony whereof I have hereun
to set my hand and affixed the seal
of the said Court and County the
14th day of December, 1911.
(Seal). WM. F. SCHNEIDER, Clerk.
STATE OF NEW YORK, )
) 88
Oi'fice of the Secretary of State)
I have compared the preceding with
the original Certificate of Incorpora
tion of "F. W. Woolworth Co.", filed
and recorded in this office on the 15th
dry of December, 1911, and do hereby
certify the same to be a correct tran
script therefrom and of the whole of
rsid original.
Witness my hand and the seal of
office of the Secretary of State, at
the City of Albany, this fifteenth day
of December, one thousand nine hun
dred and eleven.-
JOSE E. PIPGEON,
(Seal).
Second Deputy Secretary of State.
STATE OF NEW YORK. )
) ss
Jefferson County Clerk's Office)
I. Eli B. Johnson. County Clerk of
tbe County of Jefferson, and Clerk
of the Supreme and County Courts
In and for said county, the same be
ing Courts of Record, do hereby cer
tify that I have compared the fore
going copy of Certificate of Incorpora
tion of F. W. Woolworth Co., hereto
annexed with the original recorded
Dec. 15, 1911, in this office, and that
fie same is a true and correct tran
script thereof and of the whole of
sid original.
In witness whereof, I have hereun
to set my hand and affixed the seal
of ssid Courts, at the City of Water
town. X. Y., this 15th day of Decem-t-er,
1911.
(Seal) E. B. JOHNSON. Clerk.
By Deputy Clerk.
CERTIFICATE OF INCREASE OK
CAPITAL STOCK.
The undersigned, being all of the
stockholders of F. W. Woolworth Co.,
a stock corporation organized and ex
isting under the laws of the State of
New York, each of whom Is the owner
cf four (4) shares of the common
s'ock of said Company amounting in
the aggregate to Two Thousand Dol
lars ($2,000), being the total amount
of the Issued and outstanding capi
t.'l stock of said Company.
DO HEREBY CONSENT, pursuant
to the provisions of Section 63 of the
Stock Corporation Law of the Statfl
of New York, that the present author
ized capital stock of said corporation,
to-wit: Ten Thousand Dollars ($10.
000) divided into one hundred (M0)
shares of the par value of On0 Hun
dred Dollars ($100) each, of which
Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000) con
sisting of fifty (50) shares of One
Hundred Dollars ($1001 each is seven
(71 per cent, cumulative preferred
stock, and the remaining Five Thou
sand Dollars ($5,000) consisting of
Pfty (50) shares of One Hundred dol
lars ($100) each is common stock, bo
increased o Sixty-five Million Ihil-1-rs
($65,000,000) divided into Six
Hundred and Fifty Thousand (650.
010) shares of the par value of One
Hundred Dollars ($100) each, of
vMch Fifteen Million Dollars ($1.V
000.000) consisting of one hundred
end fifty thousand (150,000) shares
of one hundred dollars ($100) each
sall be (71 per cent, cumulative
rreferred stock, and the remaining
pfty million dollars ($50,000.0001
consisting of five hundred thousand
r.no.lioo) shares of one hundred dol
lars ($10) each shall be common
s'ock. ami we do hereby authorize
men increase of capital stock and
empower the officers of the corpora
tion to do all acts and thincs neces
sary to effectuate such increase of
capital stock: and we do hereby, pur
suant to the provisions of Section 61
of the Stock Corporation Iaw of the
State of New York, certify as fol
lows: The amount of the capital stock ot
said corporation heretofore author
ized is Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,-
000) divided Into One Hundred (100)
shares of the par value of One Hutt
ilr,d Dollars ($100) each of which
Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000) con
Misting of fifty (50) shares of One
Hundred Dollars ($100) each is seven
(7) per cent, cumulative preferred
stock and the remaining Five Thou
sand Dollars ($5,000) consisting of
(50) shares of One Hundred Dollars
($100) each is common stock.
The proportion thereof actually Is
sued is Two Thousand Dollars ($2
OOO), all of which is common stock.
The amount of Increased capital
stock is Sixty-five Million Dollars
($65,000,000) divided into six hundred
and City thousand (650,000) shares of
the par value of One Hundred Dol
lars ($100) each, of which Fifteen
Million Dollars ($15,000,000) consist
ing of atie hundred and fifty thousand
(150,000) shares of One Hundred Dol
lars (S10O) each is seven (7) percent.
cumulative preferred stock and the
remaining Fifty Million Dollars ($50.
000,000 consisting of five hundred
thousand (500.000) shares of One
Hundred Dollars ($100) each is com
mon stock.
IX WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
caused a copy of this consent to be
entered on the minutes of the corpo
ration and have signed this instru
ment in duplicate this second day of
February, 1912.
Name No. Shares
Lewis E. Pierson 4
J. Herbert Case 4
William C. Breed . 4
George V. Hr.gerty 4
Western W. Wager 4
STATE OF NEW YORK,)
) ss
COUNTY OF NEW YORK)
On this second day of February,
1912. before me personally came
Lewis' E. Pierson, J. Herbert Case,
William C. Breed. George V. Hagerty
and Western W. Wager, to me known
and known to be to be the individ
uals described in and who executed
the foregoing instrument, and they
severally acknowledged to me that
they executed the same.
WILLIAM B. WHITE.
(Seal). Notary Public.
New York County, No. 172.
State of N'ew York.)
)ss No. 40921
County of New York)
I, William F. Schneider, Clerk of
the County of New York, and also
Clerk of the Supreme Court for the
said County, the same being a Court
of Record, do hereby certify, that Wil
liam B. White, whose name Is sub
scribed to the Certificate of the proof
or acknowledgement of the annexed
instrument, and thereon written, was,
at the time of taking such proof or
acknowledgement, a Notary Public in
and for the County of New York,
dwelling in the said County, com
missioned and sworn, and duly author
ized to take the same. And further
that I am well acquainted with the
hand writing of such Notary, and
verily believe that the signature to
the said certificate of proof or ac
knowledgement is genuine.
In testimony whereof, I have here
unto set my hand and affixed the seal
of the said Court and County, the
3rd day of February. 1912.
(Seal). WM. F. SCHNEIDER, Clerk.
STATE OF NEW YORK.)
) ss
COUNTY OF NEW YORK)
George V. Hagerty. being duly
sworn, deposes and says: That he is
the Secretary of F. W. Woolworth
Co., the corporation mentioned in the
foregoing instrument: that he is the
custodian of the stock book of said
corporation, containing the names of
the stockholders of said corporation;
that Lewis E. Pierson, J. Herbert
Case; William C. Breed. George V.
Hagerty and Western W. Wager, the
persons who have slimed the forego
ing instrument are all the stockhold
ers of said corporation, and that they
are the holders of record of the en
tire capital stock of said corporation
Issued and outstanding.
GEORGE V. HAGERTY.
Sworn to before me this 2nd day of
February, 1912.
WILLIAM B. WHITE,
(Seal) - Notary Public.
New York County. No. 172.
CONSENT TO INCREASE OF
NUMBER OF DIRECTORS
We. the undersigned, being all the
stockholders and the holders of rec
ord of the entire capital stock issued
and outstanding of F. W. Woolworth
Co.. a corporation duly organized and
existing under the laws of the State
of New York, do hereby, pursuant to
the provisions of Section 26 of the
Stock Corporation Law of the State
of New York, agree and consent that
me nunineruii nireciors of. sam cor
poration shall be increased from five
(5). the present number thereof, to
twentv-one (21).
IV WITNESS WHEREOF, we, the
above mentioned stockholders and
holders pf reord of the entire Issue
nd outstanding capital stock of said
Company have made, signed and ex
ecuted this Instrument in duplicate.
Dated, the 2nd dav of February.
1912.
LEWIS E. PIERSON.
J. HERBERT CASE.
WILLIAM C. BREED.
GEORGE V. HAGERTY.
WESTERN W. WAGER.
STATE OF NEW YORK.)
) ss
COUNTY OF NEW YORK)
On this second day of February.
1912. "before me personally came
Lewis E. Pierson. J. Herbert Case.
William C. Breed. George V. Hagerty.
and Western W. Wager, to me known
and known to .me to be the individ
uals described in and who executed
the foregoing instrument, and they
severally acknowledged to me that
thev executed the same.
WILLIAM B. WHITE.
(Seal) Notary Public.
New York County, No. 172.
State of New York.)
) ss No. 40919
County of New York)
I. William F. Schneider. Clerk or
the County of New York, and also
Clerk of the Supreme Court for the
said County, the same being ft Court
of Record, do hereby certify that Wil
liam B. White, whom name Is tub
scribed to the Certificate of the proof
or acknowledgement of the annexed
instrument, and thereon written, was,
at the time of taking such proof or
acknowledgement, a Notary Public In
and for the County of New York,
dwelling in the said County, commis
sioned and sworn, and duly author
ized to take the same. And further
that I am well acquainted with the
handwriting of such Notary, and
verily believe that the signature to
the said certificate of proof or ac
knowledgement is genuine.
In testimony whereof, I have here
unto set my hand and affixed the
seal of said Court and County, the
3rd day of February, 1912.
(Seal) WM. F. SCHNEIDER. Clerk.
STATE OF NEW YORK.)
) 18
COUNTY OF' NEW YORK)
George V. Hagerty, being duly
sworn, deposes and says that he ia
the Secretary of F. W. Woolworth
Co., the corporation mentioned In the
foregoing; instrument; that he la the
custodian of the stock book contain
ing the names of the stockholders of
said corporation; that Lewi Et Pier
son, J. Herbert Case. William C.
Breed, George V. Hagerty, and West
era W. Wager, the persons who have
sipped the foregoing; instrument are
all the stockholder of the said F.
W. Woolworth Co., and they are' the
holders of record of the entire capi
tal stock of said corporation issued
and outstanding.
GEORGE V. HAGERTY.
Sworn to before me this 2nd day of
February, 1912.
WILLIAM B. WHITE.
(Seal) Notary. Publid.
New York County. No. 178.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
8. PATENT.
Mineral Survsy No. 8333.
8erlal No. 033684,
United States Land Office, Phoenfx,
Arizona, April 3, 1917.
Notice Is hereby given: That
Charles Clason, whose . postoffice ad
dress is Bisbee, Arizona, has made ap
plication for patent for the following
named lode mining claim, situated In
the Warren Mining District, Cochise
County, Arizona, In Section 8, Town
ship 23 South, Range 24 East. O. ft
3. R. B. & M described as follows,
to-wit:
"Morning Star No. 4."
Beginning at Corner No. L the S. E.
Corner, whence the cor. between
Sees. 8 and 17. T. 23 S. R. 24 R, C.
S. R. B. & M. bears S. 531 06' W. 1536.9
feet; thence N. 66' 30' W 1500 feet
to corner No. 2; thence N. 24 11' E,
537.40 feet to Corner No. 3; thenoe 8.
66 30' E., 1500 feet to Corner No. 4;
thence S. 2fr'll' W, 537.40 feet to
corner No. 1. the place of beginning.
containing a net area of 6.438 acres,
expressly excluding area In conflict
with Survey No. 1387, Al Hassan, of
1.784 acres, vwith Survey No. 1670.
Contention lode, of 2.073 acres, and
with Survey No. 2133, Morning Star
lode, of . 8.209 acres. ...
The location notices ot this claim
are recorded in the County Recorder's
office, Cochise County, Arizona, as fol
lows: Morning Star No. 4, Book 55, Record
of Mines, page 337.
The names of the adjoining claims
to this surrey are: On the North,
Bisbee Townsite. On the East, Sur
vey No. 13S7, Al Hassan lode and
Webster lode. On the South Survey
No. 1670. Contention lode. Survey No.
2133, Morning Star lodes. On the
West Survey No. 2133, Morning Star,
Survey No. 2674 Morning Star No. 3
lodes.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register of the United States Land
Office.
First publication April 5, 1917.
Last publication June 14. 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office, at Phoenfx, Ari
zona, April 30, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Caleb
A. Newman, of Hereford. Arizona,
who, on Feb., 1911. made homestead
Entry 013308. for the S. E. Sec. 3S.
T. 22 S.. R. 20 E.. and Sept. 1915.
made Add'l Entry. No. 028808. for S.
E. S. W. Vi. Section 35, Township
22 S., Range 20 E.. G. & S. R. B.
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make five year Proof, to establish
claim to the land above described,
before Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Com
missioner, at Bisbee. Arizona; on the
12th day of June, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Roy A. Newman, James W. Harerty.
Joel P. Steele. Jtobn F. Ashworth, all
ot Garces. Arizona.
J. L. IRWIN.
Register.
First publication May 8. 1917.
Last publication June 13, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Phot-uix. Art
zone. April 30, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Julia
Salladin Barnes, formerly Julia
Salladin. tot Garces. Arizona, who.
on Oct 10, 1913. made Home
stead Entry. No. 023527. tor NWK.
Section 25. Township 23 S., Range 20
E.. G. A S. R. B. fc Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make three year
Proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor. U. S. Ctimmissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 11th day ot June, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James E. Kelly, of Garces. Arizona;
Belle Kelly, of Garces, Arizona; Per
nel F. Whitmore. of Buena. Arizona;
Alvira Bakelee, ot Buena. Arizona.
' J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication May 8. 1917.
Last publication June 11. 1917. SOCIETY I
SECTION
$ MINING
1 SECTION 1
8
MEMBER Atf OCIATED PftElt
VOL 19. NO. 297.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 20, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
MS
.
. 1
4
. -1
I
i
I
- .4
.
4
-1
Million and Half to
Be Expended By Denn
In Big Development
Local Mining Company Will Raise $1,500,000 With Which
To Push Its Work And Make Greater Explorations.
United Verde Extension Will Expend Another Huge
Sum In Drilling Haulage Tunnel To The Valley of The
Verde River. v S
, .1
Jerome Verde Also Will Raise Additional Amount of Money
To Carry On Its Development Denn-Arizona To Raise
Its Capitalization From $3,500,000 To $5,000,000 . Re
search On 1600 Level Will Be Resumed Very Soon." '
' Two mining companies in Arizona this week made known plans for the
expenditure of two million dollars for additional work. The Denn-Arizona
will expend a million and a half of the total. The United Verde Extension
puts In half a million. Denn is considered a proven copper property. The
matter now in hand is to further open its ore bodies. United Verde Exten
sion is a made copper mine, one of the most valuable on the continent and in
some respects a phenomenal property. Its latest authorized expenditure of
a half a million will provide a haulage tunnel of length of 13,500 feet which
will deliver its ores from the 1300 level of the mine to the railroad crossing
the valley below Jerome to the new smelter site of the Extension, where ex
penditures which will probably total three million dollars are now under way in
carryingout smelter and railroad construction.
There might be added to this week's total of two million dollars additional
money for home expenditure, another half million dollars, this last called for
by the Jerome Verde Mining Co. The Jerome Verde belongs in the prospect
class, but with so much' nearness achieved to the establishment of a com
mercial ore body that it is conceded to be next in line in the state as a proven
copper mine. The half million dollars Jerome. Verde is acquriing will enter
into development and further equipment It is by no means improbable that
before the money is available the property will have established through de-
' velopment 'now being conducted that it
that the money will at once enter into
the liklihood than the probability, according to competent men who have re
cently gone into the situation of the property. Its east drift should disclose
the ore body in a matter of days. . , .
. OTHER INVESTMENT.
Two and a half million dollars may thus be said to have come into new
work of well advanced and established copper mining properties of Arizona,
while another million might be counted as of late apportionment by concerns
developing new properties still wholly in the prospect stage where all mining
properties belong until such time as they have established very strong grounds,
through extensive development, for the belief that they have commercial ore
bodies available. Of prospects under actual development, and upon which
ten or more men are at work carrying out the instructions of engineers to the
end of determining ore bodies, there are more than two hundred of legitimate
standing in Arizona, employing upwards of 5,000 men and with investment
of upwards of 4,000,000 in mechanical equipment. These figures may be said
to be exceedingly conservative. Beside the companies listed under .the above
classification there are as many more incorporated concerns and individual
co-partnership operators going ahead with work in the mining districts of the
state. It is regrettable but none the less true that some of these concerns
are not within the pale of legitimacy as mining men see it. Their shortcom
ings are due in some instances to ignorance and incompetence and in others
to purpose to defraud. Establishment of the dividing line presents a difficult
problem, the working out of which is one of the things now trending for
attention as a measure of protection to both the public and the mining In
dustry. Particularly nnder war conditions, the Industry is top Important; a
one to the general welfare and advancement of the nation to' permit of 1U
having handicaps of any sort continued upon it; and much less Increased in
number. . ' " -
$2,000,000 THE MONTH. ; - '
With respect to the operations of developing properties n the state, it
wMinervauve uj say mar wey are aaaing two million dollars tne montn to rock opener. With the Sullivan com
the expenditures entering into Arizona mining for labor and materials. Thejpany he leaked after the big Jobe in
pay rolls of the producing mining companies in the state, operating in ie-ronectlon w!th marb,e Juarri,,B- tun"
, inels,. etc., and had much to do witu
eloped ore bodies of commercial character and with longer life secured them,the tnnnels at Niagara Falls in har-
by reason of larger developed and developing resources than enjoyed In anyjnessing up this great power to many
nrevions neriod of their oiM.rm ar7rar.t .rmmri ftnnnnnn tu mnni, ! manufactories. He was also a drill
Their outlays for timbers, powders,
supplies and on construction account,
reach a total of considerably more than
. . . , ., .
iuiiuiuui uiu wise ii cm ul uuuuion.
ducers each month in association with
gaged upon mineral development readily
$20,000,000, the bulk of which Is distributed In Arizona. .
INCREASE CAPITALIZATION.
Denn Arizona's 11,500,000 for further development Is to
through issuance of additional shares.
win tnus oe increased to zs.uuu.uoo from the present $3,500,000. divided into, way. The cost will approximate half
shares of W value of $10. The new shares will be offered to present holders million dollars, and Mr. O'Rmirke Is
of stock in the company. In the event of their failure to absorb these the orRa1finhis ,01 tb",,tt?L
, . ,IUt auureloa D80rD ne8e lne,The rock to be cut wtll be diorite.
general public will have a Chance. The liklihood that nresent aharehnlders ninrtj-nnmlivrr anil Umpstone. The
will leave anything for the public to
one. Denn stands altogether too high in the esteem of its present owners
With the II 500 000 available Denn will resumi rM-rrh . ,enn
With the $1,500,000 available Denn will resume research on the 1600 foot
wvei. to wnicn it attamea prior to suspending work when the inflow of water(
largely increased in 1912, and doubtless sink to lower levels. It has hen ex-
pected by mining' engineers that the
reached between the 1800 and 2000 levels, with much possible below the latter
deep leveL
(Continued on
has the mine it is searching for and
the production of ore. This is rather
fuel, steel, other constantly necessary
the latter never entirely at a standstill,
18,000,000 the month, exclusive of the
, .... . .
iisDursemenu oi Arizona metal pro-
the disbursements of concerns en-
make a highly conservative total obstruction Company, Is to be finished
be acquired
m.. .. .. .. -
ue capitalization or me company
subscribe for, however, is a very remote
really big and rich deposits would be
, .
Page Five.)
ITNCLE SAM TURNS OUT SC6RES OF WOODEN SHIPS TO NULLIFY
EFFECTS OF U-BOAT WAR; ' y:2YLL CARRY JOOD AND MUNITIONS
7i
Tooden boats under construction at Lake Charles, La.; wooctea schooner for
4 ern port shown at lower left.
'In order to nulify the effects of Germany's uiu'ersea war, L'ncie Sara's
Urmnfriout wooden ships ranging in size from 1.000 to 3,000 tor.3. These
jnd will carry food and munitions to the allies. It is eatimatet! that before
lards will be turning out 200,000 tons of wooden shici cadi montJ
VERDE TUNNEL!;"'
TO BE STARTED
VERY SOON
Potter Construction Company
Will Drive Long Tap Into
1300 Level of The United
Verde Extension's Property.
In a recent description of United
Verde Extension, the wonderful cop
per mine recently developed at Jerome,
Ariz., Iron Ore spoke of a big tunnel
jdb then in contemplation, says George j .
Newett in Iijn Ore. It has lust been I . . ,u . . ...
. .... . A, 'pared to the one to be adopted with
secured by the Potter Construction he tunnel corapleted and lmited M t0
t orRani capacity. The tunnel toutlet will eas-
n f ,niy hanUe the ore output of the mine
which Mr. Dan J. O'Rourke, for many I ,
years associated
. . . .
u .iiu uic o u 11 1 v an '
Machinery Company, Chicago, will be
the moving force, he being an expert i
expert for the company, being familiar
with steels and how to best temper
and shape them for all kinds of rock
cutting. - As
a young man he was a
iDiacKsmim.
Will Do Rapid Work.
The contract let to the Potter Con
by the 15th of June, 1918. The work
consists of putting In a tunnel a dis-
tance of 13,500 feet to connect with the
'13th level of the mine, to be big
pnnnrh in rrt)mmnilatl 30-ton ran.
. to be a flrstH.laS8 lob ,n every
, i j - j
waste will gb into the valley below the
poru" 01 nn . . ,f v" "
Wber "
wi Be Bi HeIp t0 Mine.
TUs tunnel will take all of the ore
of the mine, saving about 1.200 feet I
hoisting and pumping, will be an added
avenue Ol BIt5ljr LU 111 C UllllCl a aim
very valuable In reducing present
costs. The ore from the mine now ges
by aerial tramway down the vailey to;
the railway, an expensive plan com-
'
MADE IN SHAFT
GADSDEN COPPER
Jack Hooper, superintendent
of the Gadsden Copper Company
at Jerome, broke a world's rec
ord in .shaft sinking last week
at Jerome when he sunk a 19
foot 8 Inch shaft, in the clear,
a matter of sixty-three feet in
one week.
In sinking the shaft the com
pany Is using jack-hammers and
is meeting with remarkable sue
cess. Heretofore, however.
the
shaft has been goin; down about 1 der way within two days. The a la
seven feet a week. The shaft ' tlon Is practically completed and the
is down a total of 335 feet. The
shaft is in lime and has been in
that formation since the 175
foot level.
ana win ue avaimuie lor ouuer pm-
poses, for the handling of water, tim
ber, and for general transportation
I Should Jerome Verde be lucky
enough to find ore In the vicinity of
1 the Verde Extension this tunnel might
! be employed for handling its ores, the
'two properties now being connected
underground at the 1.400 level. Exten
sion has been conducting exploring
work for Jerome, as Ii'on Ore has men
tioned In previous issues, and recent
ly cut two feet of high grade ore in a
diamond drill hole put In from one
'side of a drift on Jerome lands locat
ed on the 1,400 level of Extension.
While this find was small the grade
wag very nif;h aD0Ut 30 per cent cop-'
d tnlg may lead something
DiRRer. Extension, it will be renie-a
hpPP(i discovered by following a
. . . , u- ik
' .orol, nn Tprome
n pep o nre muiQ iwa m m iuu 1
Kround- u ls going to take fjme time
t(J deveiop thIg mtle vein, but it is also
to take a year to put In the big tunnel.
.and ,f u ,8 compieted In this time good
... . - w- j
vnrK win nave id uc uuue. c ,
Mf 0.Rourke wm nlave an effort to
some record driving in this big tun-
nel iob' and " wUI not 8UrIri8e u to
learn tnat he wI1, get well inside the
contracted - for date,
Plannlna for Bigger Output
United Verde Extension " P
101 i.wwiuibw,v .
with the tunnel ready and the new
smelter completed. Ttie smeuer nas
not yet been started but they are pre-J.
paring the location, grading for rail-
trans-Atlantic service in aa east
shipyards are working at capacity
hips will be used for ocean servic
the end of the summer U. S. ship
STEADY PROGRESS : ,
AT GREEN MONSTER
Arrangements Completed For
Sinking From Bottom ' of
The George lunneL
JEROME. May 19. Sinking of a
winze from the Gorge tunnel, at. the
Green Monster, to explore a depth
the big showing of . disseminated
! chalcopyrtte opened there, will be un-
, nolo that Is being driven from above
to connect with the tunnel for ven
tilation purposes .is; down II
feett
When the hole makes connection
with the station, three shifts will be
put on. Because of lack of ventila
tion it Is now possible to work only
two.
For the present the winze will be
merely a one compartment affair. It
can be enlarged to two 'or three com
partments If it opens the high grade
ore body that is believed to lie be
low. It is the opinion of Dr. 'WteB
Harvey Weed, director and geologist
of the Green Monster Company, that
the Gorge tunnel passes along the
peak of a great body of schist and
that a great deposit of copper will
be found at greater depth. It la on
bis recommendation that the winze
is being started.
Dr. Weed and President Ketll Bai
ley, who are here this week, are
hardly less enthusiastic about the
showing at the Gorge than about the
one which has been opened at the
Revenue. A cross-cut run 211 feet
from a winze has passed through 67
feet of schist carrying pyrlte, mag
netite and a little chalcopyrtte. The
nagnetit Is particularly strong
snmsa wlrith of 3K tent It Is al-
-
most exactly like the ledge recently
cut in the Columbia shaft of tae Je
rome Verde. That formation is com
monly supposed to cap bodies of cop
per ore.
way tracks, buildings, etc., an.l mate-
r,al8 wiu soon be- comng 4:0ng as
many contracts for steel have already
been ler Mr. McGregor, who Is the
.engineer in charge of construction,
'filled a similar position for the New
Cornelia Copper Company In the build-
L11C1I Ulf lOTbVUlu y.auv, smu "
nurry tne smelter along as fast as pos-
elbl Material is not easy to get these
(Continued on Page Two)
ZING IS IMPORTANT
METAL IN ALL LINES
OF MODERN INDUSTRY
St Louis Section of W. I. M.
. . Will Consider Big Min
. ing Industry To Which That
City Is Distributing Agency.
"Zinc Is just now a very important
metal. Of course its use in cart
ridges and shrapnel brass are Just
now in the public eye. But. its uses
after the war are no less Important
Brass as an engineering material for
electrical machinery,- Journal beait
infes, and plumbing , fixtures takes
fully 50 per cent of the production,
and its Use in these lines would have
been lnceased in the last few years
but for the price. Its use for barbed
wire is probably more fin war time
than In peace. In the composition
of paints it Is becoming more and
more necessary. One of the forms
of pigment, lithopone is the base of
nearly all Interior wall paints; of all
sanitary enamels for bath-rooms and
bath-tubs, and is now in great de
mand. Zinc oxide Is also Increasing
In use for paint and for manufac
ture of linoleum," says J. D. Robert
son, chairman of the publicity com
mittee of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers. St Louis section.
"When we realize that this dis
trict, Missouri. Okla.. Kansas and
Arkansas producers now over one
third of the zinc ore of the world. It
is at once seen that a meeting where
the geology, mining, concentration
and smelting of this ore will be con
sidered, and trips to Joplin, Missouri
and Miami, Okla., made as well aa
to some of the modern smelters
where the sulphurous gases are turn
ed Into sulphuric acid will not only
be interesting, but at this time im
portant We want to show you the
Immense low grade mines of Joplin
and Webb City, Mo. Some mines pro
duce ores with only one per cent of
zinc. Likewise, we want to show you
the high grade mines of Miami. Okla
homa, also where some of the mines
are producing ore that nets 20 per t
cent zinc ' j
"The problems connected with the;
concentration are not so simple as
they once looked. It ls easy to get
out the first 80 per cent of the value,
but the treatment Of the slimes Is
as yet a problem. Much ls hoped for
lit the comparatively new process of
flotation. The precise place of the
new electrolytic process of recover
ing zinc Is not yet known. It has
proven successful in Montana, and
may be equally valuable in this dis
trict VWe Invite to our meeting next
October all who can give intelligent;
answer to the' question
How to get
the lest few per cents of zinc out
of the ore?"
500 STATION OF THE
G & J REPORTED TO BE
111 GOOD ORE VALUES
Wonderful Reports Had Frominel tne claim was pur-
Very Promising Jerome1 chased and added to the company's
Property. Further Develop-i holdings, it u on this claim that
. m 'the permanent camp has been estah-
ment May Uncover Upperj 8hed cooX and bunk Don8e, buUt
Bonanza. land the power plant which includes
. a 50 h. p. Fairbanks Morse oil en
JEROME. May 19-That the 600
foot station of the Calumet & Jerome
will be cut In ore. Is the prediction
of Superintendent John Rauber. made
several days ago. George Avery.
president and general manager, and
H. F. . Wlddecombe, resident engin-
eer. agree that Raubers prediction is
likely to come true.
Today the C. St. J. shaft is down
405 feet and Indications for copper
ore are getting better with every,
foot. When the shaft was started it
was expected that it would be nec-1
essary to sink 1000 feet through bar-
ren rock and crosscut to the west In
order to find ore but the manage
ment has been agreeably surprised.
Apparently the shaft Itself is headed
straight for the ore.
The shaft Is now all in schist with
a little quartz. There are wavy lines
In the schist, indicating that leach-1
Ing has taken place. A great deal of
Iron sulphide, specks of chalcopyrtte
and bornlte appear In the schist
Engineer Wlddecombe says that !
the shaft has hit the peak of a great
belt of schist. He thinks that the ore j
body is lying beside it ,
A great deal of machinery has been i
ordered by the Calumet & Jerome ing built in El Paso and six ore cars
company within the last few days. ' were shipped last week from Hobo
Two electric pumps are being built ken, New York.
EF
use its
Driving of The Chiefs Tunnel
Is Being Done With Speed
. And Famous Watson Fis
sure Will Be Tapped Soon.
SILVER VALUES ARE
FOUND IN WORKINGS
September 1 May See The
Tunnel Att Its Objective
Point Complete Machin
ery Responsible For Pro
gress. SUPERIOR. Ariz.. May 19-Driv-ing
of the Magma Chief tunnel in
the famous Watson fissure is now
going forward at the rate of eight
feet a day. with two shifts being con
stantly employed. The tunnel is now
in a distance of 365 feet having pro
gressed over 200 feet since the new
machinery was put into operation on
April 1. At a distance of 1200 feet
from the mouth it is expected that
the tunnel will cut the lateral maga
nese ledge, known throughout tbr
district as the "L. S. & A. ledge,"
according to a report of Superintend
ent Charles A. Kumk on operations
at the property, just submitted tt
the board of directors.
The manganese ledge is on of the
fnost noticeable formations in tie
district, being easily traceable from
Queen Creek, tbroth the entire
length of the Magma Chief property.
It is from this same ledge that the
j Maema Copper Company is makln
1 dally shipment of high grade cop
per ore, operating on Its end of the
same formation.
In spite of the fact that for months
practically all orders for mining ma
chinery and equipment have been
subject to delay. Superintendent
Kumke succeeded In getting prompt
delivery of a full complement of
heavy machinery for the Magma
Chief. Following a resurvey of the
rVolm. nnil hullriinff of 5000 feet Of
. t rnntwt with th sii.
. nlimnlnir ,.,.. wa-
" '
laid Canslar claim, where a living
spring affords n adequate srirrjr
of water for domestic and operation
purposes. Tne water irom inis spring
had to be piped 3000 feet to the camp
site at the mouth of the Watson tun
nel. In Just twenty days from the
time the spring was purchased pump
ing machinery was Installed and was
throwing water to the tunnel mouth.
In order to obtain a suitable camn
site and at the same time gain 135
. a i .1 .1. A v a TV ot.nn tun-
gine and a 300 foot Sullivan com
pressor set up. Three jackhammer
drills were placed in operation about
' April 1. and since that date work of
: driving the tunnel has been speeded
up. if the present rat of progress
j ja maintained. It is estimated that thfl
j manganese ledge, from which the
j Magma is shipping high grade cop-
' per ore. will be out before September
i, 1917.
Assays of the rock now being tak-
j en from the Watson tunnel show some
silver values In the ganganese and
i iron oxidesl acitardiag to SuperW
j tendent Kumke. The fissure Is un
usually well-defined, and closely re
sembles the productive Assure of the
( Maem Copper Company, which It
j parallels at a horizontal distance from
it of about 3300 feet.
in New York and two 50-horsepower
1 motors to drive them are under con-
struction at Pittsburg. When finished
they 'will be rushed to Jerome by
express. All the necessary electric
wire was delivered a day or two aeo,
and conduits will be placed in the
shaft shortly. Three cages are re
IIGHI
IRK AT
ill SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, 3IAY 20, 1917.
PRESIDENT URGES
FEDERAL CONTROL
OF ALL FOODSTUFFS
(Continued From Page One)
of production. Tney are Intended to
benefit and assist the farmer and all
those who play a legitimate part In
the preparation, distribution and mar
keting of foodstuffs.
Responsible to Wilson.
"It Is proposed to draw a sharp line
of distinction between the normal ac
tivities of the government represented
In the department of agriculture in ref
erence to food production, conservation
and marketing on the tne hand, and
the emergency activities necessitated
by the war In reference to the regu
lation of food distribution and con
sumption on the other. All measures
Intended directly to extend the normal
activities of the department of aeri
cnlture In reference to the production,
conservat'on , and the marketing of
farm croDS will be administered, as In
normal times, through that department
and the powers asked for over distribu
tion and consumption over exports, im
ports, prices, .purchase and requisition
of commodities, storing and the like,
which may require regulation during
the war will be placed in the hands of
a commissioner of food administration
appointed by the President and direct
ly responsible to him.
Full Investigation.
"The 'objectB sought to be served by
iViO lortolatinn netrs fn faro dill
inquiry into the existing available
stocks of foodstuffs and into the costs
and pracitces of the various food pro
ducing and .distributing trades; the
prevention of all unwarranted boarding
bf every kind and of the control of
foodstuffs by persons .Who are not in
any legitimate sense producers, dealers
or traders; the requisitioning when
necessary for the public use of food
supplies and of the equipment neces
sary for handling them properly: the
licensing tf wholesome and legitimate
mixtures and milling percentages, and
the prohibition of the unnecessary or
wasteful waste of foods. Authority Is
asked also to establish prices but not
In order to limit the profits of -the
farmers, but only to guarantee to them
iwhen necessary a minimum price
which will Insure them a profit where
they are asked tv attempt new crops,
and to secure the consumer against
extortion by breaking up corners and
attempts at speculation when they oe-
,vur by fixing temporarily a reasonable
price at which middlemen must sell.
Hoover Asks No Salary.
"I have asked Mr. Herbert Hoover to
undertake this all-important task of
food administration. He has expressed
bis willingness to do so on condition
that he is to receive no payment for his
service and that the whole of the force
under him, exclusive of clerical assist
ance, shall be employed so far as pos
sible upon the same volunteer basis.
jHe has expressed his confidence that
'this difficult matter of food adminisi-
t rat ion can be successfully accom
plished through the voluntary eo-oper-
ationxand direction of legitimate dis
tributors of foodstuffs and with the
blp of the women of the country.
"Although it is absolutely necessary
that unquestionable powers shall be
placed In my bands in order to insure
the success or this administration of
the food supplies of the country, I am
confident that the exercise of those
powers will be necessary only In the
few cases where some small and self
ish minority proves unwilling to put
the nation's Interests above personal
advantage and that the whole country
will heartily support Mr. Hoover's er
forts by supplying the necessary vol
unteer agencies throughout the coun
try for the Intelligent eontrol Of food
consumption and securing the co-operation
of the most capable leaders of
the very interests most directly affect
ed that the exercise of the powers dep
uted to him will rest very successfully
upon the good will and co-operation ot
the people themselves, and that the or
dinary economic machinery of the
country will be left substantially undis
turbed.
Only for Emergency.
The proposed food administration Is
intended, of course, only to meet a
manifest emergency and to continue
only while the war lasts. Since it will
be composed for the most part of vol
unteers, there need be no fear of the
possibility Of a permanent bureau
cracy arising out of It All control of
consumption will disappear w"hen the
emergency has passed. It Is with that
object in view that the administration
considers it to be of pre-eminent im-
HEW
IVI
BUYS AT TE OPPORTUNE TIME
. A lost opportunity, is lost; Gone but never for
gotten.
During the past few years the world has asked you
to invest in its great oil resources, and has sent out num
erous messages to
0
00 s
Did you buy Healton Oil Co. Has paid 4,350 per cent
Did you buy Imperial Oil Co. Has paid 5,600 per cent
Did you buy Quaker Oil Co. Has paid 4,500 per cent
Did you buy Pinal Oil Co. Has paid 10,800 per cent
Did you buy Lucile Oil Co. Has paid 16,500 per cent.
Didjrou buy Central Oil Co. Has paid 45,000 per cent
'IF YOU HAD, YOU WOULD HAVE MADE A
FORTUNE. '
ANOTHER OPPORTUNITY
Arizona-Oklahoma Oil
And Gas Company
$1.25 PER SHARE.
TREASURY SHARES ONLY ARE BEING SOLD
BY THIS COMPANY. Take advantage of the present
offering of these shares before the price is advanced.
CALL AND GET OUR OIL BOOK FREE
THOS. F. BARTON, Sales Agent
Care of Hogan & Seed Phone 10 Bisbee, Ariz.
portaneV that the existing associations
of producers and distributors of food
stuffs should be mobilized and made
use of on a volunteer basis. The suc
cessful conduct of the projected food
administration by such means will be
the finest possible demonstration of
the willingness, the ability and the ef
ficiency of democracy and of its justi
fied reliance upon the freedom of in
dividual initiative. The last thing that
any American could contemplate with
equanimity' would be the introduction
of anything resembling Prussian autoc
racy Into the food control in this coun
try. "It Is of vital Interest end impor
tance to every man who produces food
and to every man who takes part in its
distribution, that these policies thus
liberally administered should succeed
and succeed together. It is only in that
way that we can prove it to be abso
lutely unnecessary to resort to the rig
orous and drastic measures which have
proved to be necessary in some of the.
EuiOpean countries."
FRENCH TANKS PROVE
WORTH IN TERRIFIC
ADVANCE ON GERMANS
(Continued From Page One)
firers and ammunition In order to pre
vent them from falling into the hands
of the enemy in case the tank was cap
tured. This, however, did not occur,
owing to the rapidity of our infantry
advance. Another tank extricated it
self from a mass attack made in a
desperate attempt to check its move
ments.
"Throughout the fighting the crews
of the tanks showed a spirit of audac
ity which supplemented and encour
aged the Infantry and chasseurs-a-pied.
the latter giving the warmest praise
to the co-operation of the tanks. Life
inside the cars during the assault was
a most trying experience. There is lit
tle room, space being allowed only for
the men to operate the rapid-firers and
handle the ammunition. In their ad
vances the cars crashed over obstacles
and passed through the blinding hail
of concentrated fire.
"All the crew were made up of vo
unteers'frora all branches of the serv
ice. Infantry, artillery and cavalry be
ing represented. They showed a most
admirable esprit de corps and their
efforts gave most effective results.1
FILIBUSTERING FORCE
HEADED BY AMERICAN
ARRESTED AT BORDER
Rifles, Ammunition, Saddles
And Horses Seized When
Former Villa Agent And
Mexican Are Nabbed.
HUACKUCA CLU3 TO
SPEND WEEK-END IN
RAMSEY CANYON PARK
(By Review Leased Wire).
EL PASO, Texas., May 19. George
Htrfmes, an American who was Fran
cisco Villa's cattle agent, and fourteen
Mexicans who were arrested near
Fabens, Tex., late last nig.'it by Unit
ed States troops, were taken to Fort
Bliss tonight for detention pending
action by United States civil officials.
The fifteen nun were arrested on the
boundary by a detachment of the
F.';:hth cavalry i;i?y were prepur
r to :iv;.(!c Mci and im l Villi
my otin; .-ty
Fifteen rifles, four sacks of am
munition, 15 new saddles and an equal
number of horses were seized from
the men. Among the Mexicans was
Manuel Gonzales, said by army offi
cers to be private secretary to Hipo
lito ViHa, brother of Francisco Villa.
Holmes was indicted by the federal
grand Jury here on a charge of con
spiracy to violate the neutrality laws
last August. He was at liberty on
bond.
; U
Arrangements have been completed
for the dance to be given by members
j of the Huarhuca Club, at Ramsey
Canyon Saturday night. The entire
park has been placed at the disposal
of the club for the occasion. The mem
bers will leave Bisbee Saturday after
noon end have dinner at. the canyon
before the dance begins. Accommoda
tions have been secured for the ladies
and also the men of the party, who
will remain overnight, returning Sun
day afternoon.
The official chaperons of the party
will be Mr. and Mrs. Harry D. Ander
son and Mr. and Mrs. Ralph Rigg.
Murray Bateman has been in charge
of arransements
ALL ARMS OF U.S.
FIGHTING FORCES
READY FOR ACTION
(Continued From Page One)
The marines will serve as infantry
and will become for the period of
this service a part of the army under
the command of General Pershing."
Colonel Charles A. Doyen, who will
command the marines, ip now com
mandant of the marine barracks here
and is president of the marine corps
examining and retiring board.
CALIFORNIA MILITARY ACADEMY
Los Angeles, California.
For boys from 6 to 15. 11th year. New buildings'; large campus,
fine gymnasium. Home training with firm, kind discipline.
SUMMER SESSION: June 18 to Sept. 18. Half-day Instruction.
One month' vacation at each under car etui supervision. Rates for
summer, $26 per month.
NORTHWEST READY
TO DO ITS SHARE
(Continued from ppge one.)
told an enthusiastic throng which
packed the auditorjjjm here tonight
that the northwest had convinced him
it would do its share and more in
raising the $2,000,000,000 liberty loan
Amid cheers he predicted success of
the huge loan, and also the ultimate
defeat of Germany and her allies.
But he warned his hearers that in
event Germany was victorious, "the
Atlantic will be narrowed to a stream
three miles wide and Germany will
come to the United States to get in
demnity."
Conspiracy Case
Is Given to Jury
NEW YORK. May 19. The case of
Captain Fran Rintelen, of the German
navy .and six others charged with con
spiracy to disrupt the munitions traf
fic of the entente allies in this coun
try In 1915, went to the Jury at 4:45
o'clock this afternoon.
Shortly before 10 o'clock tonight
Judge Cushman, seeing there was no
probability of an Immediate agreement.
ordered the jurors locked up for the
night
TEAMSTERS' STRIKE IS
SETTLED IN NEW YORK
WASHINGTON. May 19. Secre
tary Wilson of the labor department
announced tonight the settlement of
a teamsters strike at the Pennsyl
vania terminal in New York City
which had threatened to cut off the
city't supply of perishable food products.
531 VILLA FOLLOWERS
SURRENDER TO MURGUIA
MEXICO CITY. May 19. General
Murguia, commander of the Mexican
forces In Chihuahua, reports that 531
followers of Villa have surrendered
to him. Included In the number were
two generals and 169 other officers.
HOUSE MAY PASS TAX
BILL TUESDAY NIGHT
(Continued From Page One)
intended they should substitute the
light and heat levies.
Final Action Deferred
The proposed second class mail
rate increases and the advertising
tax are causing the committee much
concern. With the committee virtu
ally agreed to accept the Moon
amendment on the second class mall
rates and stand by the five per cent
tax on all advertising except news
papers and periodicals now in the
bill. Representative Johnson of Wash
ington, a newspaper publisher, and
Representative Fitzgerald of New
York, injected new proposals Into the
situation today which resulted in the
committee deferring final action un
til tomorrow.
Representative Johnson declared
that the Moon plan, to increase the
mail rate on periodicals carried in
the mails to any zones above the sec
ond, was unjust, and suggested a sub
stitute plan basing the mail rate on
the number of subscribers served by
mail and the subscription price of
the newspaper or periodical affected
without regard to distance carried.
Under this plan a publication selling
at 50 cents a year would pay In ad
dition to the regular present one cent
rate a new rate of one quarter of a
cent per pound up to 20,000 subscrib
ers. At 20,000 subscribers the addi
tional rate would be raised to one
half cent per thousand.
, Changes In Insurance
"Representative .Fitzgerald proposed
to reduce the five per cent tax on all
advertising except newspapers and
periodicals' to one per cent and ex
clude only county weeklies within
fheii home counties.
Numerous minor changes were
made in the life insurance section of
the bill today. None of the rates
were affected, but several exemptions
were stricken out and reinsurances
added to the exempted clasp.
COUNTY DIVISION
PETITION FILED
John Gungel, a Willeox attorney,
filed a petition with' the board of su
pervisors in Tombstone yesterday
asking them to order an election for
the purpose of giving the voters of
the county an opportunity to vote an
a proposition to divide Cochise coun
ty, creating a new country to be made
up of the northern balf of the pres
ent county.
The 'petition-contained a total of
3300 names, claimed to be many more
than Is required by law. A glance
over the signatures showed that they
came from every part of the county.
The petiticm will receive a hearing
before the board of .supervisors May
28. and in the meantime Clerk A. C.
Karger. of the board, will proceed
with the work of checking to find if
all the signatures are within the re
quirements of the law.
It was renorted last night that res
idents of Bowie, Benson and Dos
Cabezos, which would be included in
the proposed new county, are prepar
ing to vleorously fight the proposed
county division.
HIGH SCHOOL PLAY,
TUESDAY EVENING
The story of the play ta.be given at
the High school auditorium Tuesday
night takes place during commence
ment days at a girls' c'jllege. It tells
how a senior. In order to help a way
ward brother, steals the money that
has been collected for the athletic
fund; how suspicion faIs on another
senior, her chum, who, through loyalty
to her friend, refuses to clear herself.
Then the manhood tf the brother as
serts itself, and he makes the matter
all straight. But another brother
who is different; his friend, and a '
professor, and for each of these ther;
is some one else, so that fun and frolic i
intermingles with the more serious ele-;
ment The cast differs from that of j
other years in that it is chosen entire- j
ly from the freshmen and s'jphomore
classes. j
The following will take part: Ken-!
neth Kellum, Arthur Peterson. Earl
Twomey, Gerald Downs, John Brown- i
lie, Theodore Page. Madeline Mieqe, i
Alice Wilson. Geraldine Hogan, Marie I
Hurlbut Mildred Robinson, Irene j
Ragedale. Beauche Scott Bessie Beyer, ;
Norma Finlayson, Geneva Ashby, Ma-;
rie Buckett, Willmay Johnston, Cather- S
ine Winstead, Alvin Sweet and Barrett i
Jeffrey. I
NEW PARCEL DELIVERY
The Reliable Parcel Delivery and
Messenger Service Is the latest bus
iness venture in the Waren district.
The proprietors. Jack Retlaw and C.
P. Jackson believe the business ' will
prove one that will appeal to every
merchant and customer. The deliv
ery covers the district three times
a day and rates for package delivery
are exceedingly1 low. Both Retlaw
and. Jackson arp popular members of
the Y. M. C. A. here ml all of their
many friends are boosting their new
business. The tw partners have
opened offices' in the Hughes block
and adopted the mftto: "We're as
close to you as your telephone." Their
telephone is 212 and it is being kept
lusy-
MIRANDEZ BOUND OVER1 ,
Alberto Mirandez was bound over
to the action of the superior court at
the conclusion of his preliminary
hearing before Judge M. C. High yes
terday on a charge of assault. The
complaining witness against Mirandez
was .Miss Manuela Mendibles. a thirteen-year-old
Mexican girl.
TONY BLANCO NABBED
Tono Blanco, prpprietor of the Ari
zona Bar, was arrested last nii?ht by
Night Sergeant J. A. Kempton on a
charge of violating the city proh,ihi
tion ordinance. Blanco is said to
have been caught near his home with
six suit cases filled with booze.
k 3y S$J .
A. C
ABRAHAM
LINCOLN
"Temporizing will do no longer, now is the
time for decision for firm, persistent, reso
lute action."
" Such action as Abraham Lincoln advised,
is appropriate now. Most of the Spring mod
els of the famous Society Brand Clothers are
in!
For Young Men and Men Who Stay
Young Also.
Complete lines of Furnishings, Shoes and
Hats. The Kind We've Always Sold ,
MAKE YOUR DECISION
Be sure the Store You Select Is One You
Have Confidence in Then
"WAT CH YOUR STEP"
Schwartz Bros. Co.
(The Safe Place)
(Main St.)
Roumania desires loan from United !
States of J30.000.000 to $40,000,009
and Servia one of $20,000,000.
BABY DAY
EVERY WEDNESDAY
BRING YOUR BABY TOMORROW
Wednesday our studio belongs to the Babies a
real "Baby Day" when we give our particular atten
tion to making pictures of the youngsters good pic
tures! .2 Good Pictures for $1.50
This price is good on the one day only. It's a Baby
Day Special pictures you'll be proud to show. Pictures
that will be a permanent record. Get your baby's pic
ture Wednesday.
Dix Studio
The Photographer in Your Town.
Jakob Schmid Bldg. Brewery Gulch
FINAL ACTION IS TAKEN
ON NAVY PERSONNEL BILL
(By Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON, May 20. Final ac
tion was taken In congress today on
the bill Increasing the navy's enlisted
strength to 150.000, the marine corps
to 30.000 and increasing the pay of
navy enlisted men.
The senate adopted the conference
report previously accepted by the
house and the bill went to the president.
For
Graduation Gifts, Dainty,
Wrist Watches, Sterling Sil
ver and Gold Vanity Cases,
Beautiful Lavallieres, Gold
Mounted Fountain Pens and
a profusion of other depend
able merchandise at prices
which are consistent with
quality.
L. L. GILMAN
Long Trail
arage
JOHNSON ADDITION.
OPEN TILL 12 P. M
To The Car Owners of Bisbee, Lowell and Vicinity
Having a fully equipped repair shop and Al mechanics we are in
a position to render prompt and efficient service. We also carry ac
cessories. Diamond Tires, Veedof Oils and Greases. Dodge, Buick and
Chandler work a specialty. Wheels rebuilt and oversize lugs to fit
all rims. It is our aim to please and the small Job receives the same
courteous attention as the large one. A few nickel plated bumpers
at attractive prices. Cive us a call.
FRANK MARTIN & CO.
OLD RELIABLE KURTZMAN PIANO
Over 70,000 in use throughout the United States.
NOW shown for the first time in the Warren District
On exhibition beginning Monday for a short time only
We invite investigation. , .
You will be surprised ho wreasonable our prices and
how easy our terms are.
GEO. J. BIRKEL CO. (Sole Agts.)
E. KOHLBERG, Representative
Phone Black 516 Warren, Arizona THREE
Society Hears Call
Of Summery Coasts
SOCIAL CALENDAR.
Dorcas. Club, Mrs. Lloyd. Quality
H11L May 24.
Y. :V.- C. Ai Bible class Monday,
1:30 ',pm. i
Cajtain Jobs Greenway left Mon
day ftr New York, City. Captaiu
Greenway has taken much interest
in thp Roosevelt plans for entry Into
the French trenches, and a great part
of his time on the- trip will be occu
pied in this interest,
j
Mii and Mrs. Nicholas Cheravich
of 114 Ppper Lowell, the the proud
parents of a baby girL born May 14.
f
W.fB. Cleary has returned from a
trip- to Hollywoqd, California.
J
Mrf and Mrs.. J. U Lockett have
gone 'to Murietta Hot Springs,
f
A. p. Richardson returned Tuesday
from Miami, where he attended the
dedication ceremonies and banquet of
the nfew Y. M. C. A. building in that
city.
Mra.Bert Hurst left Tuesday night (
lor uenver lor tisii wun mauves.
Mr'BeK'l Klepper will leave soon
for JSM-flJlego, California, to '. make
his . hoAsVo He hr.s'been a resident
of Blsbee for several years. V
Miss filtti Hermen has returned to
her home In Blsbee after a visit with
friends in' Tombstone.
..
Bishop Leonard who spoke at' the
"Y' last. Sunday afternoon, left Mon
day for. Tucson on his way back to
his home in San Francisco.
. t.
Mr. and, Mrs. Frank Wilson left
last week'ifor a trip to Indian Hot
Springs where they will enjoy a
month's "vacation. They are travel
ing by - motd .carrying with them a
complete outfit for camping.
x. .'wsV
Mrs. Minnie Andreas and daughter,
Thelma, have returned from a month's
visit to Los Angeles and San Diego.
-. "
WilHam-Cbauncey left Monday for
El " Paao where , he will join the U.
S. Army. '7 . i '
( '' V "'
H. "p. Alcorn . of . Kansas City who
arrived here recently is now in the
employ of the pdppef Queen store.
Rpt. W S Pftathftrid". pgstor nf I
the Christian church , . ha gone to
Phoenix to attend the state conven
tion ol his denomination which is be
ing held there. ...'i- .-
.
Mr and Mrs. Lee Penrose and son,
wil jeave,. Monday for a visit with
Mrs. Penrose's mother, in Winslow,
Arizona. '
Mr.?, and Mrs. Fred t Freeman of
Clawson by I left Wednesday evening
for Los Angeles to visit with their
daughleMrey expect to be gonj
a couplo .maoksand will visit other
Coast points before returning.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Coles visited
in Tombstone. Tuesday, the guests of
Mrs. . Coles- parents, Mr. and Mrs.
James McHugh.
Smart and Serviceable Are
The
The extreme patriot is wearing red, I
white Jaad blue hats. j
Fringe and boleros are to Spanish
etyle characteristic that are gaining in
favor.;
.,'fc .
Whf not wear the new chanuoisette
gloverf which'are prettywear well and
save cleShsIng' money?
Lace and hand crocheted buttons are
pretty for the summer frock, either flat
or ball-shaped, in orange, brown, blue,
pink, light green, lavender, yellow and
black and white are shown. Any of
these colors combined with white tones
down the shades so that they will har-
nionlze with almost any other colors.
Chrysanthemum braid is used to trim
many bf the new crepe hats.
Capf s are the popular summer
wrapBj A particularly pretty one is
of blifc silk poplin, gathered into a
deep yoke, a wide tuck conceals the
arm sllts and the front fullness is held
in place by a sash. White collar and
buttons add the final touch.
Many of the new Georgette waists
are favoring the U-neck line. Tbese
blpuseis are In dainty shades and em
broidery with, unique designs in. con
tracting colors.
New white crepe bats are shown in
pretty, styles in the new braids and
fancy trimmed bats in white crepe Im
perial. Either dixpiug or straight
brim models are good.
-.There is hardly a dress shown that
has not a girdle.
In coats there are scores of styles
to xaoose JTxoui, either simple or elab- J
Mr. and Mrs. Charlie Holz, resi
dents of Bisbee for the last 30 years,
left Friday morning by autpmobile
for California, They expect to lo
cate in" the vicinity of Los Angeles.
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Paul stopped
in Bisbee Tuesday on their way home
to Douglas after having visited with
friends in Tombstone.
Mr. and Mrs. John True have re
turned to their home in Bakersvllle
after a vacation on the Coast "
Mrs. D. H. Smith left Thursday
morning for a trip to California and
the Coast.
Students' Recital
The' students of R H. Wicker
gave a recital at the Y. W. C. A. on
Thursday evening which proved a
success and was attended by many.
The program was a veiled and inter
esting one, the numbers being well
interpreted. Program, Barbara Waltz,
Miss Dorothy Cooper; morning prayer
Miss Ellen Strum; Dewdrops,
Miss Evelyn Hulley; mazurka. Miss
Ruth Wisheart; Song of the Pines,
Violet Gundry; Barcarolle, Miss ' Jean
A vita Williamson; Reverie, Luveinia
Vanderwalker; 1 Intermezzo Russe,
Ruth Wisheart; Song of the Pines,
Miss Flora Ritter; Minuet in QK Mj.
Rubert Livingston, Flower Song, Miss
Edna Wisheart; Violin Solo,: John
Shed; Lutspiel Overture, Miss Vera
Halliday; Falling Waters, Miss Ma
rial O'Neal; Robin's Return, Miss
Geraldine Stone; Bluebell, Tell Ma
What You Dream, Miss Frances
Wright; The Message of the Violet
Miss Frances Wright; Second Valse,
Mr. Rubert Livingston; Valse E Flat
Miss Helen Wright; Impromptu Op.
90 No. 4, Mr. Ralph Birdno; Mazurka,
Mrj Ralph Birdno; Military Polon-,
alse. Miss Mildred Trot man; Batter
fly. Miss Mildred Trotman; Valse Op.
18, Mr. R. B. Hays; Bird as Prophet
Mr. R. B. Hays.
Elks' Dance.
The Elks will give a shirt waist
dance for members and friends on
Friday, May 25.
Mrs. Rose Rose has arrived from
Tucson to join her husband who is
employed at the Bisbee Ore job office.
Baptist Ladies Aid.
The Baptist Ladies'. Aid met Thurs
day afternoon at the home of Mrs.
R fi Tabor, in Johnson addition. Af
ter an interesting business meeting
refreshments of ice cream and cake
were served. About twelve members
were present. , .
The Red Cross dance announced
for the 21st will nbt.be held on that
date but will be given on a week
from Monday. The proceeds will go
to the Red Cross local fund ont of
which supplies will be bought for the
soldiers and sent from here.
Carl Tbielman left . Tuesday for
Santa Barbara, California on a vaca
tion, expecting to be away for about
a month.
Miss Cunningham and Mrs. Tom Fos
ter were visitors in Tombstone yester
day. Styles For Summer
orately trimmed wtih button or braid,
and they are often belted. Sometimes
they are with double collar and again
with much silk stitching. The self
stitching is the prettiest of alL Mate
lials are usually poplins, checks, ga
bardines, serges, wool velours, and
the rough woven burella cloth.
Fashion is turning her attention to
tae army and is featuring military
Heas for all types of dress and in
fact all wearing apparel.
"Three-piece costumes with sleeveless
t olero jackets are promised for sum
mer wear.
There should be one wide-brimmed
hat in the wardrobe 'to ward off old
Sol's rays.
Odd turbans and roll brim sailors of
stunning Chinese materials and coins
are here, showing an attractive use of
tae oriental motif. The new two-tone
and solid colored crepe and crepe and
straw hats in exceptionally becoming
blocks, Including the Chinese cooley
in these materials, are much in evi
dence. For business wear mostly tailored
or conservative styles; serges, hairline
stripes, and gabardine are the favorite
materials. Rows of buttons and stitch
ing for decoration. Pockets are al
most a necessity in the business suit 'or
dress.
For sports wear wool jersey of
only firm and extra good quality.
Straight line or norfolk styles. Fa
vorite colors are purple, gold, rose,
emerald, apple green, and cement gray.
For traveling wear good sturdy
homespun tweeds aud mixture; trays.
browns and greens that do not show
the dust on a trip; semi-tailored or
pleated models; buttons braid, pointed
collars, odd belts and packets ol all di
mensions.
For dress wear lovely Poiret twills,
tricoting and fine serges; pastel colors
for evening; novel roso( shirring at
the belt; tlowing bashes; over-collars
of silk; and many, many buttons. Lin
ings with gay Paisley colors or equally
gay stripes.
Butterflies are seen everywhere,
made of gold and silver and various
otner tints, they make lovely hair orna
ments. Milady's negligee is even em
broidered with them. A pretty bed
spread and bolster cover of heavy
linen was embroidered ring-a round
rosy with many-tinted butterflies.
The new mandarin blouse is alto
gether smart A bit Vf Chinese em
broidery gives just the needed oriental
finish.
Combs,aiitating tiny Japanese fans.
are a pretty conceit for the hair. One
dainty fan is of gold inlay, adorned
with a peacock and set with blue and
green brilliants.
Gingham hats match gingham frocks.
Army blue gabardine rain coats are
new, good-looking and have quite a
military air about them. They are
piade in a trench coat model, the nov
elty being in the pleated cape. The
patent leather belt is used instead Xt
ont of the matrial. A military cape of
tb same material wtih patent leather
trimmings is pretty and new. The
coat may be had in other colors, but
blue is the very latest
A new fad in crocheting is the Indian
Threadcraft. that closely resembles
basketry.
As June approaches the bride-to-be
will be hurrying preparations for the
trousseau. The shops are overflowing
with rich materials, all shades and de
signs included, the only difficulty ex
pereinced being in choVsing from
among so many elaborate silks. Yo
san. Khaki Kool, and pussy willow taf
fetas are among the favorites; bride's
gray, Chinese blue, gold and oyster
white Will be chosen by the bride for
the- different garments in her trous
seau. Prussian Children
Summer In Holland
THE HAGUE, Netherlands, May 19.
The town-bred children of Prussia
are to emigrate to the country this
summer, not in parties but in veritable
armies, If the latest movement, under
the patronage of German Empress
Augusta-Victoria Is successful. From
the back streets of grim, war-beclouded
i Berlin and other big cities, they
are to be transferred for two months
to the smiling meadows, farms and vil
lages of the open countryside; from
the gnawing want of the towns to the
sources of Germany's food production.
The Prussian ministers of the in
terior, of education and of agriculture
have jointly addressed a proclamation
to the population, wherein they de
clare that much greater efforts than
last year must be made this summer
to accomodate such children. They
sum up the advantages which the pub
lic Interest derives therefrom. Fathers
at the front and mothers at home are
relieved of a crushing burden of care
if they knew their children are well
cared for, and their own strength is
thoroughly reinforced. The mothers
and sisters of the youngsters get more
opportunity to undertake work in the
interests of the fatherland. The large
towns are relieved of the care of feed
ing the children, so that there is more
food. for. adults, particularly in the in
dustrial regime. These are some of
of the benefits enumerated.
tv nusands Wais
Yfondfu
"Remedy
StornacK
1
A
Enormou
rmyof Stomach
Safferert
Led to Health By
Single Dose.
Stomach Trouble causes a multi
tude of ailments, and often results in
Gall Stones, Yellow Jaundice, Acute
and Chronic Indigestion, Auto-Intoxication,
Gas Pressure, Fear of Heart
Disease, Cancer and Ulcers of the
Stomach and Intestines, etc., etc. One
dose of Mayr's Wonderful Remedy
has proven successful in thousands of
cases of Stomach Trouble. This ex
plains its enormous sale. Has been
taken and is recommended by physi
cians. Justice of the Supreme Court,
Congressmen, Lawyers, Nurses, Min
isters, Farmers, Educators. Mechan
ics probably your own neighbor.
Many owe their lives to Mayr's Won
derful Remedy. Thousands say It has
saved them from the knife. Contains
no alcohol or .' babit-fonning drugs
FREE booklet on Stomach Ailments.
Address Geo. H. Mayr, Mfg. Chemist,
Chicago. Better yet obtain a bottle
of Mayr's Wonderful Remedy from
Bisbee Drug Company, or any relia
ble druggist, who will refund your
money If it fails. Advertisement.
The Churches
The Assembly of God.
Sunday school, 2 p. m.; preaching, 3
p. m., and 7: ot) p. w.; Muesuay Inula
Study, 7:30 p. m.; tnday prayer meet
ing, 7:30 p. m. Everybody cordially in
vited to attend these services. Jonn
Kiting, Pastor.
Christian Science Society of Bisbee.
Services in Odd Fellows' Hall at 11
a. m. The public is welcome and invit
ed to attend. Subject for Sunday, May
20th: "Mortals and Immortals."
Methodist Episcopal.
Sunday school, 9:46; publi cworship,
11 a. m.. Mothers' Day sermon; Ep
worth League meeting, 6:30; evening
service, 7:30, a musical program by the
choir. The Epworth League eari;
breakfast is postponed to Sunday morn
ing. May 27. C. W. Hershnian.
Volunteers of America.
Sam Kerr, preacher and mission
worker, will preach on the "Second
Coming of Christ" at Lowell, in the
Finnish Lutheran Church, Sunday ev
ening, at 8 o'clock. Service in English.
AU are 'invited. Capt and Mrs. HOI
man. First Baptist Church.
Sunday school; 9:45, J. H. Brana-
man, superintendent; 11 a. m., preach
ing, subject "The Harvest Already
White"; 6:45 p. m.. Junior and Senior
B. Y. P. U.; 7:45 p. m., preaching, sub
ject "Whosoever WilL" Wednesday
evening, prayer meeting; Thursday ev
ening, choir practice. All are cordially
invited to come and enjoy the services
with us. F. M. Pitman.
St John's Episcopal Church.
Sunday school, 9:45 a. m.; morning
service, 11 a. m.; Thursday, choir prac
tice, 7:30 p. m. H S. Brewster, Rector.
Presbyterian Church.
Sunday school. 9:45 a. m. Young
people's meeting,. 6:30 p. ra.; topic.
Growing as Cnrist Grew" (Luke 2:41-
52). Public worship, 11 a. m. and at
:30 d. m.. with sermons by the pastor.
Mid-week meeting, Wednesday, 7:30
p. m.; choir practice, Thursday even
ing. Administration of the Lord's Sup
per and reception of membesr into the
church Sunday morning. May 27th. i
John E. Fry. Pastor.
Preaching at Warren and South Bisbee.
Rev. Harlan P. Cory, synOdical mis
sionary for the Presbyterian Church in
Arizona, will preach at Warren Sun
day, at 11 a. m., and at South Bisbee
at 7:30 d. m. Ther ewill be the usual
Sunday school services at Warren,
South Bisbee, Don Luis and Lowell. All
Interested in securing a new pastor for
these points should meet with Dr.
Cory.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING QUICK RESULTS
FREE TO
ASTHMA SUFFERERS
A Uew Home Cure That Anyone Can
Use Without Discomfort or Lose
of Time.
We have a new method that cures
Asthma, and we want you to try it at
our expense. No matter whether your
case is of long standing or recent de
velopment whether It. Is present as
occasional or chronic asthma, you
fchould send for a free trial of tour
method. No matter in what climate
you live, no matter what your age or
occunation. if you are troubled with
asthma, our method should relieve you
promptly.
We especially want to send It to
those apparently hopeless cases,
where all forms of Inhalers, douches,
opium preparations, fumes, "patent
smokes," etc., have failed. We want
to show everyone at our own expense,
that this new method is designed to
end all difficult breathing, all wheel
ing, and all those terrible paroxysms
at once for all time.
This free offer is too Important to
neglect a single day. Write now and
then begin the method at once. Send
no money. Simply mail coupon below.
Do It Today.
FREE ASTHMA COUPON
FRONTIER ASTHMA CO.,
Room 17S. Niagara and Hudson
Sts., Buffalo, N, Y.
Send free trial of your method
to:
Clairvoyant, Palmist
and Medium
C. Emery
Smith
Advice on all affairs of
Life, Changes, Travels, In
vestments, Love Affairs
Open Sunday.
Lowell Hotel, Lowell, Ariz.
Y. W. OA. Notes
Mrs. C. S. Thompson, president of
the association, leaves on Sunday with
her little daughter, Kachel, lor a stay
of several montiis at tue coast, 'ine
small sons ol tue lamuy win follow
aiiortly to oe with their mother.
Surprise parties and showers are
the events Ot the week. Saturday tit
ernoon Miss Katheriue Guturie gave
a party at the Y. W . C. A. lor Miss
Maud Cobb. Twenty of her ycung
omen friends wer ep'resent and show
ered her with handkerchiefs aud hos
iery. On Friday the teachers of Lin
coln school surprised Miss Irene Buck
ett with a little party, at wnicu time
she was presented with a beaumul sil
ver bread tray.
The "At Home'' on Wednesday was
well attended, and thoroughly enjoyed.
Mrs. Kearns, of Warren, entertained
with, several tUlos.
On Saturday afternoon a special
board meeting was held, which will in.
of special interest to the young mem
bers of toe "Y. W." It had been un
decided whether to open the camp this
summer because of the unsettled con
ditions, but after due cousiaeration the
"Call of the Mountains" prevailed ana
"we go." The camp will piObably open
May 28, and remain open until July 15.
While the organized girls' clubs will
have first consideration, any girl wish
ing to take advantage of this oppor
tunity for an outing and real camp
life, may make application and learn
particulars from Miss Moyer, at the as
sociation building.
The various classes that have been
held during the season are completing
their work for the year. Dr. Durfee's
class in "Home Hygiene" has complet
ed its course. Dr. Bookers "First Aid"
class has its last session on Monday
evening, and the examination date, be
fore May 30, will be announced later.
The Chautauqua Circle Is closing its
year with as much interest ami en
thusiasm as at the beginning.
The association wishes to plane its
building fully at the disposal of the
Red Cross chapter, ir any new activi
ties Of this organization desires to
make this a meeting place. Mrs. Fhine,
chairman of the supply department,
has arranged that materials may b
left with any of the secretaries of the
association.
The Ukulele Club picnicked at High
land Park on Thursday evening, and
renewed the days of childhood at the
skating rink. Several bruised heads
were In evidence the next day as a re
sult. The May' party given to the April
members was a plpeasant affair. Sev
eral of the young girls of the Silver
Link Club gave a pretty May-pole
dance. Miss Ethel Cochran entertained
with a reading, and Misses Mildred
Trotman, Muriel O'Neill and Luvenia
Vanderwalker gave piano numbers. A
number of new members were present
as well as several who renwu their
membership during April. Mrs J. G.
Sutherland was the hostess of the ev
ening. '
Miss Julia Lee. of the national sec
retarial force, is expected in Bisbee
early in the week. Mis3 Lee is visiting
the associations in the interest of the
conference at AsiiOmar in August, but
it is hoped that oho will give some very
.p ,1 r r shrdlu HM R FII M SH.MF
definite plans as to how the young
(employed woman can help her country
In this time of need. .
Patriotic leagues are being formed to
11 ne-UD with the tied cross movement.
and. Bisbee young women are more
than anxious to know just how to do
their share.
Loweil mills post notice of 10 per
cent wage increase May 14, affecting
20.000 operatives.
BROKEN DOWN
HEALTH
Woman Te!is Hov $5 Worth
of Piakhm5 Compound
Made Her Well.
Lima, Ohio. '' I was all broken down
in health from p. displacement One of my
iady friends came to
see me and she ad
vised n"i to com
mence taking Lydia
E. FinLham's Veg
etablo Compound
Lnd to ose Lydia E.
I'inkham's Sanative
Wash. I began tak
ing your remedies
and took Co. 00 worth
and in two months
was a well woman
mm
' it
after three doctors said I never would
i ct.and cp straight agin. I wes a mid
; wife for seven yer3 r.d I recommended
! ti e Veritable Corn:cund to every wo
man to take beforo birth and ni'ter
nards, and they ail P' a'onjr so-jiice'v
:htt it surely is a godsend to suffering
women. If women wish to wrte to
me I will be dclicnted to answer them."
Mrs.JENNiB Mover, 3-12 E.North St,
Lic.a, Ohio.
Women who sr'cr from displace
ments, wesknejs, irregularities, ner
vousne. s, backache, or beanng-down
pains, need the tonic properties of ths
toots and herbs contained in Lydia EL
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
I
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUKG
MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOOATIOn
OF WARREN
Captain J. P. Hodgson, a member
of the board of directors, and 'chair
man of the Boys' Advisory board, has
been spending the past week at Ty
ronne on mining company business.
The captain takes a great interest and
delight in his big "family" of 200
toys.
Come into the "ole swimming hole."
Asthe weather grows you will enjoy
it more and more. Ask Bronk Mil
ler about the coming swimming tour
ney, and especially 'about the "Kil
tish Club." Why swim in an old
lasbioned bathtub when you get un
der a cooling, refreshing shower, and
then a jump into the plunge.
An illustrated postal card of the
Naval Chapel at Frisco, has just been
received torn Alger Harper express
ing his great delight in the navy ser
vice. He says, "The Nacy is great"
Alger is greatly missed around the
Y. M. C. A.
Secretary Richardson is in receipt
of a letter from Chautauqua Superin
tendent Ellinwood advising that God
da rd was the favorite at the Bisbee
Chautauqua, and that lecturer Evans
was the second on the score board.
. Playground baseball on the Czar
field is now well under way, and ev
ery evening the field is a scene of
activity. Already some of the teams
are beginning to figure on having
their names engraved on the beautiful
trophy cup the gift of Messrs. Sher
man and Hodgson.
Buttermilk is now the latest doing
at the "Y" soft drink dispensary.
Arthur Field, the genial and accom
modating janitor who has been with
us for the past year, was recalled to
the Tenth Cavalry. Arthur answered
the call without a murtiur.
C. H. Munson, recently of Los An
geles, has transferred his member
ship to the Bisbee association.
D. H. Woodin, former member of
the local "Y" has been made First
Sergeant at the state militia on the
Coast.
Coach Lawrenson and Jas. E. Cong
don, if given plenty of time, will make;
good tennis players; that is, provid
ing they keep up the good work of
practicing every night until ten
o'clock.
Sam Blummer left last Tuesday for
.L'Js Angulcs where he will spend a
few weeks before returning east
H. C. Campbell, who has been sick
with la grippe, is able to go to work
a;jain.
John Nelson is pretty busy these
days working on his new fliver.
Robt. Reese, a member of the lo
cal "Y," Is now residing in Douglas.
Following are the names of those
joining, or renewing, their member
ship during the past week: James Al
lison, George H. Crittenden, Scott A.
Eurnam. Thomas O. Griffin, Rudolph
Somerfield, Enos Snyder, H. C. Camp
bell, Dan Meyers. S. Acosta, P. V.
Slathakos, Ivan Johnson, W. WT. Hart
Icy, Ernest Sulger, Charles W. Dix.
P.ay C. Taylor, A. F. Radabaugh,
William Miller, Elmer Strandberg.
Assistant Secretary Mitchell will
make a tour of the country next week
in behafl of the Y. M. C. A. War Work
council.
Frank Wilson, a member of our
"Y" since January, left for New York
City last night. He will join the
22nd Infantry, United States army.
Sol Borgenstein. one of our mem
bers and a great 'booster" left for
the Coast last Friday evening.
Alonzo Crittenden, of Camera Club
fame, is taking a few days lay-off.
rfifefacd
Those of you who have already favored us with your
business know the value of being able to place confidence in
the firm you do businesSwith.
Every order we receive Is handled conscientiously, care
fully and promptly regardless of how large or small the order
may be.
We employ the very latest method known U the science
of Dry Cleaning, and your garments are handled by experts
throughout
Information regarding clothing to be cleaned will be fur
nished with pleasure.
YOUR PHONE ORDER WILL
MACK HERZFIELO
French Dry
Cleaners
PHONE 390.
O K STREET
OPP. PYTHIAN CASTLE '
HflflNG DISTRICT
Mr. Crittenden has been employed at
the Lowell for some time past
Billy Hendrickson, of the Lowell
Cash Store, la leaving for a trip to
San Francisco this evening.
The boys' secretary has found a
boys' club like you hear talked about
and seldom see. It is the W. D. T.
club. Those three letters mean, "Wo
Do Things," and they do do things.
Whenever the secretary wants to. get
a group of fellow' on whom he can
depend he looks upuh president of
the W. D. T., tells him what ha wants
and goes about his other business
without a worry as to the work betng
done. That very thing led him to
try to find out why this thing wtt so.
leader who was always on hand at
the regular weekly meetings of the
club. Second, he found that it was
a democratic club; all you need to
do Is to prove that you are a gentle
man by your conduct to become a
member; If you don't you are likely
to be "black balled." But one of the
biggest things in the success of the
club Is that It la officered and run
absolutely by the boys themselves.
The following boys joined the as
sociation during the past week: Ray
mond Waters, Pete Del mas. Gordon
Toms, Tommy Toms, George Rawley.
Several boys who are worthy of mem
bership have been forced to come and
say they couldn't get a job so they
couldn't join.
City Marshal Allison has consented
to talk to- the boys today at thre
o'clock. Last Sunday there were 85
boys out at the meeting.' Be one of
the number today. Mr. Allison Is a
real friend to the; boys of the War
ren District. Here is a chance to
show him yon appreciate it. Be on
hand early and we will hare a good
"sing." Punch will be served again
today.
The ping pong table is the most
popular spot in the boys' department.
The locker rooms of our depart
ment are being remodeled. When
finished the will be up-to-date in
every way.
The committee of the Boys' Cabinet
will meet on the first Wednesday of
each month at seven o'clock in th
boys' department office.
Get Rid of Your Rheumatism.
Now Is the time to get rid of your
rheumatism. You will find. Chamber
lain's Liniment a great help. The re
lief which it affords is alone worth
many times its ocst Adv.
Avoid Oily Skin
and ShiriytyNosc
Anew and effective treatment
for oily and flabby skins, has re
cently been perfected.
The use of astringent cream at night
and astringent lotion during the day will
remove the oily appearance and improve
the texture cf the skin Free demonstra
tion and explanation of treatment at
McDonald's Marinello Shop Phrna 305
RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION
DANNY EVANS
BISBEE. ARC
BOX 534 FOUR
r -
THE EISEEE DAILY REVIEW,
SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 20, 1917.
HE GREAT ROnANCEof PREPAREERE55
(& LOUI5 JOSEPH VANCE
Novelization of the Morion Picture Play of the
Same Name Produced for the International
Film Service, Inc., Under the Direction of
JVbarton, Inc. cynt Cwyy.
THE CAST.
MRS. VERNON CASTLE M
Patria Channing.
MILTON SILLS a Donald Parr.
WARNER OLANO as Baron
Huroki.
DOROTHY GREEN as Fanny
Adair.
SYNOPSIS.
Anticipating the long-threatened Japa
nese invasion of the Southwestern Elates.
Patria Channing, an American girl of
great wealth, assisted by her fiance. Cap
tain Donald Parr (Late U. S. A-, converts
tier vast ranch properties along the bor
der Into what amounts to an armed camp.
Baron Huroki and tien. Nogl, command
ing the allied Japanese-Mexican forces
secretly encamped in the Mexican moun
tains, suspect Patria's purpose and des
patch a. reconnoitering party which raids
an outlying homestead on Patria's proper
ty and brings back as prisoner Bess Mor
gan, sister of Bud Morgan, foreman of the
Channing ranch hands.
THIRTEENTH EPISODE
1 Wings of Death.
ALARMS AND EXCURSIONS.
It was midafternoon of a Sunday un
commonly warm, even for that season,
when Bud Morgan, on bis saddle and
bridleless horse, found his way less
consciously than guided by the instinct
of the homing pigeon to the hacienda
of Patria Channing's rancho.
None witnessed his arrlvaL Because
it was a day of rest, no house servants
were in evidence, busied with their ac
customed week-day tasks. Mrs. Pills-,
bury was In her room, napping away
the hour of the siesta. Her son, Rod
man, general superintendent of the
Channing ranch properties, had ridden
off soon after breakfast on some idle
errand. Patria and Donald Parr were
alone in the library, conning a great
topographical map of the neighboring
country. '
Not a eonnd disturbed the peaceful
hush of the hacienda other than their
low-pitched accents, before they heard
the rumble of approaching hoofs ; and
this was a noise so ordinary and com
monplace that they were not even
aware of It
It required the shuffle of uncertain
footsteps on the graveled walks of the
gardened patio to distract them from
their engrossing occupation.
Patria looked up first from the map,
glancing inquisitively out of the win
dow. It was her cry of pity that drew
Donald's attention. Following the di
rection of her gaze, he 6aw the wound
ed and eemidemented man at pause in
the middle of the patio, glaring wit
lessly round him, a bloodied and
ghastly figure, a vision as incongru
ous to that tiiC and place as an ap
parition from the grave In a kinder
garten. ' Jumping up, Donald ran out, wound
his 'arms round Morgan, and helped
him into the library.
Thus it was tbfi, for Cpwards of an
hour, the tale Hud had to telL of
terror and tragedy, of a homestead
burned, a mother and a child mur
dered., a slstet kidonpeS by raiders
from across the border, mi known
only to Patria and Donald.
When he had Saished speaking and
bowed his wounded head on arms fold
ed upon the library table, there was
nothing more said by anyone for many
minutes. The two stared at each oth
er across the shoulders of the man in
speechless consternation and bewilder
ment. "What are you going to do?" Patria
demanded presently.
Donald said : "First of all, get Bud
i0 bed."
"But Bess 7" the girl protested.
"We will, of course, start an expedi
tion to rescue her as soon as we dare."
"Dare!"
"It would be worse than useless to
let our boys cross the border by day
light Ton know well enough how in
stantaneouslyalmost the Mexicans
can spread news by their under
ground telegraph. Unless we watt till
nightfall and smuggle lour men across
unseen, we might as well telegraph
Zeiuya or Huroki, or whoever is re
sponsible for this atrocity, to prepare
to receive us.
"And in the meantime what hap
pens to Bess? Oh, I cannot under
stand how you dare suggest waiting
here till dark!"
"Because I am determined to res
cue her and because I feel Sure no
harm will come to her."
"How can you say that?"
"I am sure that this Is a move dic
tated by HurokL Ton know how per
sistently his spies have haunted this
neighborhood and how consistently
they have failed to find out anything
concerning our preparations all ex
cept those three who died suddenly of
finding out too much!" Parr smiled
grimly, then once more was grave.
"Not one had seen anything or lived
to tell the tale of what he saw. There
fore Huroki bus done this thing 1
would stake my life on it in order
to get hold of somebody presumed to
be In your confidence somebody from
whom he can persi ade the Information
Mi
he (Swires. ... Make your mind
easy. Bess will come to no harm
until Huroki finds that she will tell
bim nothing; acd he won't find out
that before we effect her rescue."
"And you will send after her T
"as soon as it's dark enough for our
men to move without being seen the
strongest force we can spare, and the
best mounted. For the present, how
ever, we must keep this quiet; if the
boys get so much as a hint of what's
happened, there'll be no holding them.
;Not a soul must know "
The gravel of the patio walk
crunched - beneath a firm and alert
tread.' Parr looked up.
"Except Rodman," he amended, rec
ognizing the newcomer. "Him we must
tell, of course; and if anything does
leak out before we're ready, he can
control the boys If anybody can."
Throughout this conversation Bnd
had neither moved nor made a sign to)
signify that he understood the subject
of discussion. And when, some ten
minutes later, Donald and Rodman
tried to rouse him, he stirred to the
touch of their hands only to lift up a
face from which every trace of intelli
gible expression had been erased; its
eyes were blank; Its firm lines were
relaxed: Its mouth gaped like a cre
tin's. The kindly words they spoke to
him had no effect upon a mind un
hinged by the anguish it had suffered.
Gently, then, the two men lifted him
and, one on either side, holding his
arms over their' shoulders, led him
away to a bedchamber, undressed him,
bandaged his wounds, and put him to
bed.
Leaving Patria to' watch by his bed
side for a time, Donald and Plllsbury
returned to the library to plan the
rescue.
An hour later Patria In panic found
them there with the news that she had
left Bud's side for a few moments,
thinking him sound asleep, only to find
the room empty on her return. In an
amazingly short time the man had
wakened, dressed and made his es
cape. Their search for him ended half a
mile from the house, at the corral
where a number of the cow-punchers
had been amusing themselves by try
ing to tame a half a score of unbroken
bronchos. Bud had found his way
thither and was babbling out frag
ments of his story to a circle of .sym
pathetic but bewildered friends.
If It was too late to stop him. Rod
roan's Influence with his employees
proved to be all fhal Donald had as
serted it was.
In earliest dark of night then, a
picked force of forty-eight cow-punchers,
led by Rodman himself, rode
quietly by twos' and threes, rendez
voused at an agreed place,' crossed the
border In Its most isolated secretion,
and vanished silently Into the black
mystery of Mexico.
. AIR LANES.
There was little sleep for Patria
that night Visions of the fate of
women kidnaped across the border,
memories of tales the had heard since
her arrival at the ranch, haunted her.
In the cool blue twilight of dawn
she was up and dressing herself In her
aviating clothes.
She went down to the patio to' find
Donald there, watching for the day,
awaiting the word It must bring them,
with a face drawn and haggard with
sleeplessness. .
Together they breakfasted poorly,
choking down a few mouthfuls of food
and some coffee, then motored out
through the still hush of the newborn
day to the aviation field.
Early though they were, they did not
forestall the men of Patria's flying
corps. Already two machines were in
the air, aglow with . the young sun
light rising like petals of gold wind
swept through the - blue. Six more
were preparing to rise. The remain
ing eight biplanes of the air squadron
were still nested in their hangers.
Iler impatience would not let Pa
tria wait for the reports of those who
were already climbing the skies, in
specting the countryside south of the
border.
Ordering out her own biplane the
machine, that is, in which she had
gained all her practice and experience
as an sviutrlce she took the pilot's
seat and, refusing to permit Donald or
anyone else to accompany her,
grasped the controls and shot home
the switch which operated the self
starter. Winging up In a long slant, the bi
plane gained the thousand-foot level,
then began to move southward in wide
curved sweeps.
There was little air astir Just a
gentle and steady breeze from the
west Aerial navigation offered no
problems to distract Patria's attention
from the landscape beneath It Her
keen, youthful eyes, sharpened by so
licitude, Inspected it closely, missing
no salient feature. Her gaze traced
every highroad and tortuous by
way, probed every covert, pene
trated every gulley and fold in
the foreshortened hills, recognized the
familiar movement of provincial Mes
lean life that formed the landscape-
but nowhere found any token of that
which she 93 lonped to see, the cloud
of dust which should mark the prog
ress of a lurge body of horsemen.
The little expeditionary force had
moved rapidly and with craft, effacing
Itself completely from the face of the
country aide, long before sunrise.
For upwards of an hour Patria pur
sued her fruitless reconnaissance.
At length, discouraged and dis
heartened, she turned back to her start
ing point and dropped down to the
private aviation field.
As she descended, in spite of the
preoccupation of every faculty Im
posed by that most difficult task
known to aviators, that of negotiat
ing a successful landing, she was con
scious that strangers watched her from
the body of a huge gray motorcar on
the edge of the field.
Alighting beside her stationary bi
plane, she saw a group of some half a
dozen moving toward her from a car.
Donald was one of these; the others
were all men in the field uniforms of
the regular army of the United States.
She identified one or two faces made
familiar to her by production in the
pages of newspapers and magazines
the faces of men who had risen to high
places In the service of their country.
One wore on the collar of his tunic
the insignia of a brigadier general. '
Her heart warmed to their soldier
ly bearing then sank as she was re
minded that all they stood for, of gal
lantry, loyalty, bravery. Intelligence
l anu emcieucy, must count tor noining
in event of war, because the country
they served refused them men enough
to lead successfully against any but
the most pitifully Impotent enemy.
Introduced by Captain Parr, the brig
adier general greeted her with grave
courtesy, presented formally each
member of his staff, and complimented
Patria on her own skill in aviation, as
well as the skill of her corps of air
men. "I have seen a great deal of wonder
ful flying," he said, "but what I see
going on here surpasses anything that
has" come under my observation, for
snap and precision comes near to
what I have heard of the work of the
French and English flying corps. I
could wish," he added, a trace wist
fully, yet with a perceptible twinkle
in bis eyes as they held I'ntrla's, "uiy
own command were as well off !"
"My men and my machines," Patria
told him, "are always at the service of
my country."
"In event of need, then, I shell not
hesitate to call upon you."
"Tou need not. I am doing" Pa
tria hesitated briefly; yet this official
visit proved that the secret of her
preparations had leaked out "what
I am doing solely as a patriot and a
soldier's daughter."
"It Is because you have proved your
self to be that a worthy daughter of
my own comrade," the general said,
"that I have ventured to make this
uninvited call. I would be glad if
you could give me a few moments of
your time to discuss a question of pub
lic policy."
There was no way to escape. Pa
tria bowed gracefully to the Inevitable.
"If yon will be good enough to ac
company me to my home," she said,
"we caa find there a quiet place In
which to talk. And I shall be honored
If yon and your staff will be my
guests for luncheon."
The invitation was eagerly accepted,
and the party motored back to the
hacienda.
There, while luncheon was being
prepared, Patria abandoned all effort
at concealment and, conducting the
general to. the library, laid before him
a complete exposition of all her plans
and preparations to repel an invasion,
omitting no material detail.
"Not tny biplanes alone," she con
cluded, "but the rest of the gear I
have gathered together here end the
men trained t" manipulate it are at
my country's call." .m
The general straightened up from
the topographical map over which he
had been beudlng. There was admira
tion and something more in his regard.
"Tou are a very remarkable young
woman, If you will permit me to say
so. Miss Channing. I am only sorry
that there are not more women and
men like you In this land. If there
were"
The wistful look possessed his eyes
again, but he shook that humor off.
'i f I iJyjKl - ote v
If zff"p A JyJV
mi, mtmi
You Will Fly as I Direct and Land Where I say."
"N mr.Jter. I must not criticize
what I must not criticize. ' Further
more, it is rfly duty to whisper in your
ear a word of advice."
"If you please," said Patria simply
surmising what was coming.
Tet the general hesitated.
"Tou understand." he said, a trace
embarrassed, "I am acting under In
struction." "I quite understand." . 9
Then I must tell you frankly
that you are coming perilously near
to -usurping a power which the Con
stitution vests with congress alone.
"The right to raise and maintain a
standing army," Patria added.
"Precisely. If that Is not what you
are doing on a small scale, but none
the less in an admirably efficient way
I have misunderstood all you have
shown and told me here today."
"Perhaps." Patria agreed, smiling.
"And yet you will find, upon Investi
gation, that every man in my employ,
aside from the ranch hands and others
who have definitely peaceable labors
to perform, is carried on my pay rails
as a watchman!"
"An army of watchmen!"
Again the eyes of the general twin
kled. "Precisely. The Constitution does
not prescribe the citizen's right to
protect his own property, I believe,
by employing men and arms to guard
It That is all that I am doing here
on my lands. I have my property
and my people to safeguard, and I
mean to do It"
No further reference was made to
the object of the visitation, but the un
derstanding was implicit that a report
must be made to Washington and that
Washington would then take such ac
tion as it might see fit
Noon and still no word from Bess
Morgan or the party which had ridden
forth to rescue her.
But Patria betrayed n Inkling of
the anxiety which gnawed at her mind.
To confess that she was waiting the
outcome of an armed invasion of a
nominally friendly land which she, Pa
tria Channing, had authorized! Even
the favor her patriotic spirit had found
In the esteem of her guest3 could hard
ly mitigate the disaster to her plans
which must follow any such discov
ery. And it was nearly two o'clock before
she was finally rid of them.
With heartfelt gratitude she saw the
dust of their wheels drift away down
the road then turned and jumped
into her own motor car and had It
moving back toward the aviation field
almost before Donald could take his
place beside her.
One of her fliers was making a land
ing as Patria alighted at the field.
ne had nothing to report
Again clambering into the pilot's
sent of her own particular biplane,
Patria .committed her fate to the ad
venture of the air lanes.
For a little she climbed steadily,
but not for long; content to leave the
greater range of observation to those
on the higher levels, with their power
ful glasses, she quartered the land be
yond the border at an elevation bare
ly sufficient to escape the eddies and
currents that made navigation inter
esting if not devoid of danger above
the summits of the lowland hills.
nere, comparatively close to the
ground, she might be able to pick up
indications invisible to the airmen so
fur above her.
And so. hi the end, it proved.
She had been flying a little more
than on hour was returning from a
wide circuit through the south toward
her starting point. Of a sudden she
was conscious that the monotonous
drone of the motor behind her was be
ing punctuated one cylinder was be
ginning to miss fire.
Patria began to foresee that she
might be obliged to make a landing
south of the border. She searched
the landscape that swam beneath her
anxious eyes.
Then she saw a motor-car abruptly
sweep out of a narrow gulley at some
distance off to the right making a
furious pace northward. The men
who occupied It wore khaki; for an
Instnnt she thought them soldiers in
American uniforms. Then she saw
that they were men of an average
stature smaller than that of Ameri
can troops. They were standing up
in the tonneau and firing pistols back
EAGLE
. THEATRE.
"The House of Comfprt'V
Continuous, from 1 to 11
P.M.
TOMORROW
PATHE PRESENTS
THE THIRTEENTH
CHAPTER
OF
THE GREAT PRE
PAREDNESS SERIAL
WITH
MRS. VERNON CASTLE
VVIia-lAlVl bUUKIUlAI. j
Supported by j
rVuJCILLE LEESTEWART) j
JTHE'NINETY AND NINEfLJ
irtv "rv tnTPlkT a
THE GREATER
VITAGRAPH
PRESENTS
WILLIAM COURTNEY
AND
LUCILLE LEE STEWART
IN
"TheSNinety
IjandONineT)
IN FIVE SUPERB ACTS
ADMISSION
10 AND 15 CENTS
Tatra'
I ' A Z t
i '
VWY1
AM Y ' ' 1
. ff 7 '!
TP
rata th rBOTttti Of XSB rffley TO tfi RaTi
sight of the car, Patria saw the pur
suit issue from the gulley between
twenty or thirty horsemen whom she
had no difficulty in identifying with
the Channing cow-punchers who had
ridden oat the night before. They
were firing from the saddle, U3lng
revolvers weapons which they pre
ferred to the automatic pistols.
As they came Into sight, two of the
cow-punchers broke from the woods,
and the road as well, striking off
across country toward the bridge at
the border, spurring their mounts t
utmost speed.
Patria knew what that maneuver
indicated. The road cut a wide curve
through the country ; by this short cut
the two riders would reach the bridge
considerably in advance of the motor
carproviding nothing happened to
hinder them. On the other side of the
bridge there was a hidden switch
board, its wires communicating with
mines secretly planted in the road
one of the first preparations made by
Patria's order against an attack in
force advancing along the road.
The two vanished from view, while
the pursuit pounded on after the car
load of fugitives. Three cow-punchers,
better mounted than their fellows or
better riders, contrived to race their
steeds alongside the car, and threw
themselves from the saddle bodily Into
tJie lonnean, heedless of the rain of
bullets that greeted them.
Their fate remained sealed to Pa
tria's knowledge; for at that moment
her biplane lurched and dipped peril-
Lously t,
She caught another glimpse of the
chase a few minutes later, but dared
Hot give It any heed. She knew only
that it was drawing near the bridge.
At the time all her wits were wanted
to cope with the task of landing on
strange ground ; the failing motor was
enforcing a pause for repairs.
Patria's skill proved equal to the oc
casion, ' however ; the biplane settled
down gently near the edge of a wide
area of clear ground none too smooth
for comfort, but still naked of trees.
As soon as It had come to a full
pause the girl hopped down from the
seat and began an examination of the
engine; but It took some time to lo
cate the seat of the trouble, and long
er still to repair it.
At length, however, she was ready
to resume her flight,
As she closed the tool box and start
ed round the plane toward the front
of the machine, a pistol shot sounded
behind her, and a bullet perforated
the lower plane within a foot of her
side.
' Before she could turn she was
hailed In a voice strongly colored with
the accent of a Japanese and badly
broken by panting.
"Halt as you stand, please 1 Put
np your hands 1 Right!"
She heard hasty footsteps behind
her. Then a Japanese gentleman of
rather more than middle age came into
view covering her with his pistol.
Pausing he deftly whipped her auto
matic from Its holster attached to her
belt, and grinned unpleasantly.
"Thank you very much," he gasped
politely in spite of his winded condi
tion for it was evident that he had
run a considerable distance at a very
fast pace. "Now be good enough to
take your seat I will sit beside yon.
Ton will fly as I direct and land
where I say please understand or 1
shall be reluctantly obliged to shoot
you."
FROM THE BLUE.
: Without demur Patria turned and
climbed to the pilot's seat. With sur
prising agility, considering his appar
ent age, the Japanese followed to the
place alloted to the observer.
"Tou will start Immediately," he
pursued with a significant gesture of
the pistol In bis hand, "and aim for
those mountains in the south. When
we are high enough I will further di
rect-the course."
' Patria switched on the self-starter.
The propeller began to revolve noisily,
The drone of the motor sounded clear
and sweet and true. The biplane
bumped forward over the Nineven
'ground, lifted, and began to climb.
Behind It half a dozen exasperated
cow-punchers broke from the woods,
reined In to fire, then recognizing the
pilot of the airplane, refrained but
cursed fervently.
Of this Patria knew nothing. Her
attention was concentrated on the
business of being a good pilot for a
passenger armed and desperately
ready to shoot.
He sat watching her with a mali
cious grin while she made her craft
climb to the thousand-foot level. The
noise of the motor prohibited conversa
tion, but his gestures were under
standable enough to perceptions quick
ened by the fear of death. At the
thousand-foot level the Japanese bade
Patria to stop climbing and fly directly
Into the south.
Watching him out of the corners of
her eyes, she saw that he was a man
of the highest Intellectual caste, a
person of authority and high rank.
The Insignia on the collar of his tunic
disclosed his rank as that of a gen
eral. If she were not In error. Fur
ther than that, she could guess noth
ing about him though she was satis
fled that he had been one of the pas
sengers In the motor-car pursued by
the cow-punchers. Whether that au
tomobile had been wrecked by the ex
plosion of a mine or another accident,
this one had escaped and been, as he
Interpreted It, providentially guided to
the spot where Patria waited with her
temporarily stalled biplane.
The way she flew In accordance with
bis commands carried the machine
high above the rampart of the hills
and on until at length a wide valley
was opened up beneath them a
itrange, wild valley, secreted in the
heart of the highest hills.
Acd It proved to be the site of &
sreui encampment, a place where an
army was established; for its length
ana breadth were dotted with mush-
room-like tents of khaki In orderly
rows broken only by roadways a&d
drill grounds.
Here her captor desired Patria t
decend. There was a glitter of ffl
humored amusement, of triumphant
malice, in his eye as he touched her
arm and pointed down into the val
ley. It was borne in upon the girl's un
derstanding, in that instant, that the
man had guessed her Identity. She
was not only the instrument of his
own escape, but she was the very
prize, no doubt, that he had set forth
to snare.
And she had little doubt what would
prove her fate, once she had made a
landing In that valley.
Thoughts such as these nerved her
to heroic measures. What she must
Jo was murder but so are most acts
of war. At this was one c" her
country's chiefest enemies.
A heavy wrench rested in a pocket,
convenient to her bund. She watched
her chance, whipped it out and as the
Japanese; startled by her unexpected
action, turned toward her threw It
with all her might at his face.
He received the blow squarely be
tween the eyes. '
Patria heard him groan.
An eddy of air, uprlung from the
broken earth, caught the biplane and
;PK Yl '-r,
. i-1 J
HurV.i Was Questioned by the Cow
punchers. r a moment tossed and played with
t as though it were a feather. It
id led dangerously, spinniuff upon Its
eft plant's as upon an axis.
Instinct uloue und a bit. of luck to
MWt helped Patria right the ma
chine. '
But when she had accomplished
that, she rode alone; the observer's
ieat was eiupty.
Resolutely forcing herself not to
think of that pr hulk of a body
dropping like a plummet to a death
which wou'-l render it unrecognizable,
a shunless, featureless pulp, the girl
swung the biplane round and headed
for home. Two hours later she de
scended in her aviation field and was
helped down by lonaid Parr. From
this one she learned, succinctly, what
had happened.
Plllsbury's force, after a n!-'bt and
a half day of fruitless scouting, had
fallen afoul of two motor-cars filled
with Japanese and Mexican officers,
northbound from the secret encamp
ment foi a reconnolssance along the
border. Chief among these officers
were Baron Huroki and General XogL
The car containing Nogl had broken
through the resistance offered by the
cow-punchers and fled northward,
hotly hunted as Patria had seen. The
two cow-punchers who had taken the
short cut had arrived at the bridge
Just in time to explode a mine be
neath the car as It careered downhill
toward the bridge. Somehow Nogl
had escaped destruction In that busi
ness ; but he was alone In this respect.
So it was Nogl who had been car
ried buck to his command by Patria.
In the meantime Huroki had been
captured and questioned by the cow
punchers; hud protected utter ignor
ance of the whereabouts of Bess Mor
gan ; had changed his mind about that,
confessing that she was a prisoner at
headquarters, when Tillsbury caused
him to face a firing squad. Where
upon Pillsbury had liberated one of
Hurokl's companions, instructed by
the Japanese to bring back Bess alone
and unharmed. Otherwise Japan waa
to lose one of its most loyal and effi
cient sen-ants. Plllsbury had prom
ised Huroki that.
Upon the return of the omcer with
Bess, Huroki had been released, la
accordance with the terms Pillsbury
had made, and had started back for
the encampment in the hills, while the
cow-punchers had ridden joyfully
bonieward with the rescued glrL
The arrival of this party at the
lacienda had anticipated Pirtria-'s re
turn by less than half an hour. And
with the restoration of bis sister. Bud
Morgnn's mind had been ma whole
igaln.
(TO BE CONTINUED.) THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 20, 1917.
FIVE
Review Want Ads
Advertisement under tnta iead at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
aoe with a minimum charg of 25 cent. AdTertlsenents mnst reach Tnt
Review office not later than 4 p. in. for Insertion in the next morning paper.
Wanted
WANTED To buy, a sewing machine,
cheap. Address C. R, Review. 36
SALESMAN-pCapable specialty man
for Ariiona; staple line on new and
exceptional terms; vacancy now; at
tractive commission contract; $35.00
weekly for expenses. Miles F. Bixler
Co, 720 Cartin Bldg., Cleveland, O.
97
WANTED Broker or salesman to han
dle stock proposition for Chloride
y Queen Mining Co- located Chloride,
Aria.; good Opportunity. This Is a
coming property, proven district.
Buntman & Kellogg, Phoenix, Ariz.
975
WANTED Work as cook at mine or
restaurant or housekeeping. Call
21 O. K. St 9
1
LARGE manufacturer wants represent-I
atives to sell shirts, underwear, hos
iery, dresses, waists, skirts, direct to
homes. Write for free samples.
Madis'on Mills, 503 Broadway, New
York City. 978
WANTED Information regarding
manganese claims with view to pur
chase outright; must assay from 30
to 40 per cent Adresa P. O. Box
2466, Bisbee. 26
WANTED Ladies to help us in the
sale of Silk Hosiery. With a little
effort on your part you can keep
yourself in fine silk hosiery. Ne
plan. Write for particulars. Na
tional Silk Hosiery Co., 487 East
Main St, Columbus, O. 471
FARMS WANTED wanted to near j
Northwetsern Business Agency,
Minneapolis, Minn. 724
WANTED Two
housekeeninz
or three furnished
rc'oms in private .
house; Tombstone Canyon or War -
ren preferred; man and wife, no chil-
dren. Box 940, Review. 10
W ANTED Two parties to help circu-
late petitions. Call at Model Taifjr
Shop, Johnson Addition. Monday
morning.
29
WANTED Well-furnished room, quiet
location, by young man. D. M care
Review. 35
WANTED An intelligent person ma
' earn $100 monthly Corresponding for
newspapers; $40 to $50 monthly ia
spare time; experience unnecessary;
no canvassing; subjects suggested.
Send " for ' particulars. National
Press Bureau, Room 975, Buffalo, N.
Y. " 237
AUTO going to Los Angeles' may get
passengers by calling Green 696. 970
WANTED Good laundress to come to
the house Monday preferred; must
be dependable. Ph'one 77. 959
WANTED Competent housekeeper;
good wages. Phone 169.
cook
925
WANTED Large
stove, for camp.
second-hand
Y. W. C. A.
WANTED Laundry work or cleaning.
Green 696. 933
work.
WANTED Young man; ranch
Brophy Carriage Co., Lowell.
944;
WANTEP Plain or fancy sewing, by !
a specialty; work
Higgins HilL
guaranteed.
ioi-
904
WANTED Furnished Cottage or
apartment for summer. Box 2136,
Bisbee. 907
i
WANTED Salesmen and managers
for exclusive territory throughout
Arizona and New Mexico; very lib-;
eral commission contract Address
P. O. Rov 2466. Bisbee. 320
WANTED Three Dasseneers tj
San
Diego. Cal. Apply Motor Inn. Phone
6,2 og-'
' I i
WANTED WOrk, a much needed in
dustry. Henry Wilkms, profession
al auto washer and polisher at Lo-!
well Motor Co prepared to do
class work. Phone 738 678
WANTED Painting and paper hang-'
lng. Ed Bennett P. O. box W. Low-'
eU. 123
PETEY DINK The Perils of
f tMr CAs w:av
WAS KICK CP COY TV
JE OtO MAM HVD
r"-t- OUT OV?.MiH.
1 f it 1 v v m - I 1 k- M9 m
Wanted
YOUNG man with four years' experi
. ence in wholesale grocery would like
to secure employment; reliable and
capable; not subject to draft. Ad'
dress F. W., Review. 38
(WANTED A woman dishwasher,
at I
; Stag Club
43
For Sale.
THE Singer Sewing Machine Compan)
has several excellent used machines
for sale, cheap. Phone 332 store on
Upper Main St. opposite Quality I
Hill Car Stop. 40
n '
tun oALb uood gasoline range
stove, cheap. New Section House,
Lowell. 962
FOR SALE Lunch Counter doing good
business. Trial given. Care of R.
y Review. 97S
FOR SALE: An Overland car. See i
car at LVmg Trail Garage, or address '
B. J. Finch. 930
FOR SALE: 320 acres good farming !
land, all under fence; two fi'owing
wells; houses and all tools. Inquire
Box 145, or W. F. Cowan, at Bank
of Bisbee. 895
FOR SALE Piece by piece, complete
outfit for tailoring, cleaning and 1
pressing. Inquire Jas. Satel Tail-'
oring Co, Broadway off Brewery
Ave. - eb4
Furnished Rooms
ROOM to rent suitable for two gentle
men; next o'oor Castle Rock Studio.
13 1
FOR
RENT Nice, furnished, clean
housekeeping rooms, sleeping porch.
Steven, 224 School Kill. 28
j'U klm one lurntshed room. Mrs.
R. P. Conley, rear Soda Works. CO
: . , .
IFOR RENT Two furnished bouse-
j keeping rooms, light gas and water;
j clo.se in; reasonable IM right party.
Inquire 153 B, Temby Ave. dh
FOR RENT Furnished room, front
room apartment 8 Brooks Apmts.,
O. K. St r 32
i FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping or batching rooms. 117
School Hill, red cottage blk., -north
High school. 34
FOR RENT Four-room furnished
house; 96 Mason Hill. Mason Hill
Car Stop. 15
FOR RENT In Warren, new six-room
. uuuw, luiinsueu, wuu large sieepiug j
porch; all modern Conveniences ; one
block from car line; three months or
I
more. Box 837, Warren.
16 j
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished for
light housekeeping. SO Johnson j
Ave., Johnson Add. 969 j
.1
'FOR RENT One
j 'one or two men.
Tembe Ave.
room, suitable foi j
Balgay House, 153
9SS
FOR RENT Two rooms, furnished. 14 j
Jiggervilie. 958 j
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms.
opposite
Cain.
Lone Star Store.
J. E..
964
suitable for families or bachelors; 1
also furnished rooms; reasonable; !
no bills to climb. Bailey Hotel,
Brewery Ave., near .City Park. 961
FOR RENT
Nice, clean rooms in pri-
vate family. 71 O. K. Street 935
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms. 98
O. K. Phone Red 530. 943:
I
FOR RENT Large store room, newly :
remodeled. Hughes Block.
k.c.-n t ttoom suiiaDie tor one or,
two gentlemen. 102 Higgins HilL '
866 ;
FOR RENT Rooms 75 School Hill. I
612 j
flt-M00SB H0TEL Kurnishe)i
$2 (M) week and up
rooms
405
1
'
I
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Petey.
'Good Night? Part
"
. itir
WIWC
Tl
CU'ci
1 ...
1 1
SUMMER FARES
TO CALIFORNIA
and
A Tickets on sale daily, April 27 to Sept.
30, limit Nov. 30.
. B Tickets on sale each Friday and Satur
day, April 27 to September 29, lima
15 days from date of sale.
Reduced fare to many other California points.
Ask the Agent for Particulars
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
For Rent
FOR RENT Four-room furnished;
also five-room unfurnished. 27 John-
son Ave., Johnson Addition.
936
for RENT Three-room unfurnished
house. AddIv Mason Rooming
House, Lowell.
14
For Sale
al btudeDaaer touring car,
15 model; good condition; $350.
Phone 315. 9co
FOR SALE All wtol quilt pieces at
15c per pound.. Come early. Jos.
Satel Tailoring Co., Bi'oadway off
Brewery Ave. 966
(FOR SALE Twelve-room house, war
ranted deed, fine location, half block
from car stop in Johnson Add.; no
city taxes to pay; furnished; electric
lights, sewer, gas connections, sleep
ing porch, chicken yard, shade trees,
for $1,600; sacrifice, going to leave
town. Address Mrs. C. A. Fer
nandez, Box 3224, Lowell .Ariz. SG7
FOR SALE Cook stove, in good con
dition, $7.50. Stone block house,
above lumber yard. Brewery Gulch.
971
FOR SALE Nice house with lot part
ly furnished, on Quality Hill. Terms
apply H. K., care Review. 972
Fi;RNuaK K0R SALE-The John
son Addition Furniture Co. wants
to pay you the highest cash prices
for your second htnd furniture. Al
so wants to trade or exchange you
new furniture for your old. We will
sell yon furniture- cheaper than
anybody on easy payments. Call TOMATO, cabbage, collard plants, de
Jn at the big brick building at the I i!vered narcel Dost. 100. 30c: 400. SI:
Johnson Addition and let us show
you our large and selected stock of
houso furnishings, or phone us at
our store. Phone 3S5, Johnson Ad
dition iF0R SALE Barber shop; on account
' of sickness.
Call 38 Upper Lowell.
838
FOR SALE 4 I'oom house and sleep
ing porch in Warren with all mod
ern conveniences. Chicken house
and garage. Terms. Address Box
326, Bisbee, or Phone Red 754 (645)
Miscellaneous
BISBEE Mattress Upholstering.Works.
Johnson Addition. We make new
mattresses; old ones made over as
good as new; old mattress called for
and delivered same day. We also
make the roll feather mattress. We
do upholstering and furniture repair
ing; free delivery. Phone 734. 7
HENDRICKS, Contractor and ouildet.
will furnish your plans and specifi-
cations free of charge; all work
guaranteed. Phone Red 488. 915
$50,000 to loan on improved city prop-
erty or for building, on easy terms j
of payment. T. A. Hughes, over -
Bank of Bisbee. 697 I
One.
'ERCN J'
?Ktr;cE CVSR
CHASM Ul.
Hero's
if-ie'llHlTFr'
BISBEE TO A.
Los Angeles and
return $39.25
Long Beach, San
Pedro, Ocean
Park, Santa
Monica and re
turn 40.00
San Diego and re-
turn
Santa Barbara
and return .... 44.25
San Francisco
B
$33. CO
33.50
38.00
37.00
return
49.25
Aroostook county farmers will plant
enough wheat this year and next so
that county in another year will be
j self-sustaining as to flour. Potato
acreage and cattle raising will b
much larger than in 1916.
Latest American battleships are
equipped with self-salving system o:'
compressed air Which makes them
nearly unsinkable.
f.liace!iaxi&ou
COX CO. loans $5 to $50 without se
curity to men or women in perma
nent positions. Nt honest wage
earner refused, easiest weekly or
monthly payments, cheapest rates,
. also loans on furniture, pianos, etc.
Confidential, quick service. See us
if you need mficy. New Lyric
Theatre Bldg., Room 2, Phone 794.
821
OKOP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paiut & Wall Paper Co. for al:
kiuds of work in our line. Pat Clea
ry, manager Box 1495. Phone 720
The Blackburn Studio of dress cut
ting, designing and making is now
located Room 4. Maze Bldg., where
everything concerning the art or
good dressing is taught by Miss
Grant 669
To Exchange
EXCHANGE I will trade my $500
value in Los Angeles beach proper'y
, for equal value lot in Warren. Call
111 Opera Drive, Mrs. Hellings or
phone 737. 295
Seeds and Plants.
1,000, $2. Hot and bell peppers, eg
plants, dozen. 15c; 100, 75c. Roy P.
Dean, Arp, Texaj. 96.T
LOST
LOST Thursday. $20 bill. No. P-8691
or 5741; reward.
Return to Review.
960
LOST The opportunity to buy United
Verde Ext. at 40c per share.
FOUND The chance to buy Great
Verde Ext. at 40c per share. Buj
now. For information, call at Great
Verde Ext. Syndicate office, Mul
heim Blk. S3fe
LOST Elk
Phone 291
tooth charm;
H. A. Harris.
reward
92
PRCFESSI0NALCARDS
U B. WHITNEY, Lawyer. Rooms""f.-
Allen Block, Opcu evenings, Phom
547. (10J)
MUSICIAN
Conservatory Graduate, would like
few more pupils. Firr.t month, 50c
lesson. Write Box 779. 31
i CLAIRVOYANT.
Mrs. Anthony, spiritual medium, now
located at Room 3, Foster Block.
Johnson Addition. Readings daily
for few days only 12
VJTU
f ACE'S
... Lodge
WEEK ENDING MAY 26. 1917.
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Sal unlay
N. C. BLEDSOE, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. & A. M.
A. M. COLWELL. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. I. M.
J. E. FRY. E. C.
F S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chapter
and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council.
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets in Medigovich Hall 2nd and
1th Fridays of each month.
HATTIE A. LUKE, Guardian.
PAULINE F. BROWN, Clerk
P. O. Box 621.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 45 wiil:
meet every Wednesday
Ki . at 7:30, Brophy Hall.
xfA.y" J- WINTERS. C.
O. B. THOMAS.
C. ,
Clerk,
All Woodmen invited.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge No 10.
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday!
Fellows" Hall at 7:30
p. ill. V ISllUIg U. UUIVIS
cordially invited.
Vr
EARL SOBLLY. C. C.
J. C. KUIGBAUM. K. of R. S.i
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
lows' HalL Vilt
ing members cordially invited.
PHIL. DAVIS, President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer
Box 72J, Tel. 236. Red.
KATHERINE SALHOLM. Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets In MeJigovicL
Hall, second and fourtt
Tuesdays each moct1!
Visiting brothers we:
come.
M. C. BENTON, Councillor.
J. L. BENTON. Recording Secrclar)
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Frl
lay of each month. Visiting brother
ordially invited to attend.
R E. WARNER. Exalted Ruler.
T. A. KELLY, Secretary.
First instance in war of aimed for
ign soldiers on American soil occur
red week or so ago w.'ien 2100 Canad
ian troops passed through Brownj
.ille Junction, Me., en route to an
astern port for France. There was
nucli enthusiastic fraternizing be
:ween troops and citizens.
..Is n.jr.ifcs;' quite abv:;H.,
o 'out wncnyour na:r ;niiir
?C' r. auar.tiues a;raliin';.
There's hose in tht aisurir.tf'word.
& , HERPiCIDE
Applications at the better barber shops
Guaranteed by Tho Herplcide Ox
Soli Everywlier
I!0HESTR s PiLtS
S C"" l-nol T.niiV
rrr.v:."-.-.!; v
-r SOLD FV f !N:M!: IS fK'AhFK
WATKINS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
The HALLMARK Store
A
Five MlMUTrs
i E&VV'a' B,sbee Lodee No
RfWjr. ft) 452 meets the 1st
y fei CTT ff and 3rd Monday.-.
To IPA05. TieFOCE TC
Vo- 0:.
i- 1 ""-W . i r Jf.
Notices ...
BISBEE CO. NO. 5, U. R. K. OF P.
Drill Practice every Thursday at
6:30 p. m. at I. O. O. F. Hall, side
arms, uniforms optional.
H. G. APPLIN. Captain.
WILLIAM DELBR1DGE. Ricbrdie.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13410.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows HalL
R. L. MOTZ. Consul.
H. F. MATHEWSOX.
Clerk.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
i Meets every Friday night Moose Hall
v lsiung orotuers coraiaiiy invited.
: J. V. PETTEY. Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary
j ,MPR0VED ORDER RED MEN
I
Mi1,
Meets first and third
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m
ia Medigovich HalL All
visiting Red Men invited
to attend.
ffifiTTf
I Wm. DELBRIDGE, Sachem.
W. D. COHEN, Medicine -Mao
F. C. FENDEI1SON. C. of R.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Hal.
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meett
in Masonic Hall second anc
fourth Tuesday of eacl
month at 730 p. m.
! MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS, W. M.
: Phone 230. P. O. Box 841. Bisbee
i MRS JESSE EEVAN, Sec'y. P. O. Bo
229, Chairman Relief Com. Phone 161.
I FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
: Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E, meet
first and third MONDAYS, 8. p. m.
j Eagles Hall. Visitors cordially wel
! come.
; RICHARD DAVIS. President
M. D. COHEN. Aerie Physician
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 21a
Meets in L O
O. P. Hall sec
ond ad fourth
SATURDAY
' ? t 7:30 p. m
". Vv , Visiting broth
:' ers cordially
Invited to at
tend.
GEO. SLEEMAN, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
BISBEE LODGE, No. 10, I. O. O. F.
Meets e v e f j
Fellows Hall
Main street at 7:00 p. m. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hail phone V).
CARL V. NELSON, N. G.
G. A. PLUNKETT. Secretary.
I KNIGHTS Sl LADIES OF SECURITY.
I BISBEE COUNCIL, NO. 2115.
! Mceta every Thursday at Union
iall 8 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited. C. A. Clem, Prea,
; Box 1023 Bisbee.
; Frederick J. Attaway, Sec, Lowell.
' E. Linquist, financier, box 33246, Low
ell;
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple, No. 3,meets every 2nd
ana 4th Thursday evening of eact
month at Odd Fellows' HalL Yisitus
sisters are cordially invited.
ANNA HART, M. E. C.
JEANET SWEENEY, M. of R. C
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
IT. S. Laud Office at Phoenix. Ari
zona, April 30, 1317.
; NOTICE is hereby given that Day
ton L. Graham. Jr., W Hereford, Ari
zona, who, on Aug. II, 1912, made
Homestead entry. 01S931. for S. E. M
Sec. ZZ, and Oct. 23, 1911, made Add l
entry. No. 02."3:;, for S. W. , Sec
tion 3d. Township 23 S.. Ranse 21 H,
l!. & S R. B. & Meridian, has tiled
notice of intention to make three year
1
I W I CI
I
Proof, to establish claim to the land
abtive described, before Jared D. Tay
lor, U. S. Commissioner, at BUbee,
Arizona, on the 12th day of June. 1917.
Claimant names. a3 witnesses:
Howard Grube, of Bisbee. Arizona;
Joseph G. McCabe, of Hereford, Ari
zona; Joseph Hammer, of Hereford.
Arizona; Leslie Wilcox, M Hereford,
Arizona.
J. L. IRWIN,
Register.
First publication May, 8. 1917.
Last publication June 12, 1917.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
Of CochiM County, State of Arizona
In the Matter of the Estate of Ar
thur E. Lutley, Deceased.
NOTICE OF HEARING PETITION.
Notice. Is hereby given that Viola
Martha Lutley has filed in this Court
a certain document purporting to be
: the last Will 1 and Testament Of
Arthur E. Lutley together with her
j petition praying ttiat said documenx
; be admitted to probate in this Court
as the last Will and Testament of
said Arthur E. Lutley, who, said peti-.
jtioncr alleges. Is deceased, and that
j letters testamentary Issue thereon to
I said petitioner, and that same will b
heard on Saturday, the 26th day of
'May A. D. 1917, at 10:00 o'clock in
j the forenoon of said day, at the court
room of said Court in the Court
'House, in the City of Tombs'one,
County of Cochise, State of Arizona,
and all persons interested In said
estate are notified then and there to
appear and show cause, if any they
have, why the prayer of said peti
tioner Vhould not be granted.
J. E. JAMES.
Clerk.
By C. L. ALLEN.
Deputy Clerk.
Dated May 8th. 1917.
No. 033583
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. 8. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 81 95.
March 17. 1917.
NOTICE l!i HEREBY GIVEN that
Robert Hennesey, whose postofflce ad
dress Is Bisbee, Arizona, on behalf of
himself and co-owners, L Jacobson and
Kmil Marks, whose post-office ad
dresses are the same place, has made
application for a patent rbr the follow,
ing lode mining claim, situated In the
Warren Mining District Cochise
County, State of Arizona, in Sections
7 and 18, nnsurveyed, T. 23 S., R. 24
E.. G. & S. R. B. it M., which claim
Is described as follows:
UMPIRE No. 1 Beginning at Cor.
No. 1, the S. W. Cor.; whence the 4
Cor. between Sees. 19 and 30. T. 23 S.,
It 24 E., G. & S. R. B. M.. bra.
S. 3 02' E. 9604 9 ft; thence N.
36 57' W. 140.80 ft 10 Cor. No. 2.
the N. W. Cor.; thence N. 59 36'
E. 597.80 ft to Cor. No. 3, the N. E.
Cor.; thence S. 37 02' E. 1441.10
ft. to Cor. No. 4, the S. E. Cor.;
thence S. 59 36' W. 600.00 ft. to
Cor. No. 1, the place of beginning.
Total and net area of said claim is
19.680 acres.
The original location notice of said
Umpire No. 1 claim is recorded la the
County Recorder's office. Cochise
County, Arizona, ir Book 49, Records
of Mines, at page 382; and the amend
ed location notice of said claim ia
recorded iu said County RecUrder!
office In Book 53, Records of Mines,
at page 621.
Adjoining claims: North El Paso
lode, unsurveyed, owned by L Jacob
son and Chas. Rambo; East Madero
No. 1 lode, unsurveyed, owned by R.
Hennesey. C. H. Hbwe and Chas.
Rambo, Wedge lode, nnsurveyed.
owned by D. W. Art; South,
Panama lode, unsurveyed, owned
by Lee Jovanovich and H. W.
Clarkson, New York lode, unsurveyed.
owned by Chas. Ramoo and W. A.
Dell; West Umplce lode, unsurveyed,
owned by L Jacobson. Chas. Rambo
and E. Johnson, Bull Moose rode, nn
surveyed. owned Chas. Rambo and
Te Jovanovich.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication March 20. 1917.
Last publication May 30. 1917.
DR. W. A. KINGSLEY (Oculist)
Specialist
F.YE. EAR. NOSE and THROAT.
Several years' experience in Lon
don. Berlin. Paris. Vienna. Deco
rated hy Kini of Roumania in 1913.
Office, 122 N. Stone Avenue.
Niht Phone 507-J.
Eyes Fitted For Glasses
Tucson, ... Arizona.
By C A. VOIGHT SIX
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
(By Review Leas? Wire)
NEW YORK. May 19 The dirti
ness of today's short trading srs
sion was in striking contrast to the
activity of the two preceding sessions.
Momentous overnipht events, such as
the President's call to arms and the
decision of the government to dis
patch an expeditionary force to
France had a sobering effect upon
speculative sentiment.
Prices were little changed at the
"ijcumg apart irom anotlier severe
break in Denver and Rio Grande pre
ferred. Other rails were firm to
strong.
War shares were better by one to
two points. United States steel came
within a fraction of its recent maxi
mum and the more distinctive equip
ments and munitions recovered one
to two points.
A very slight decrease of reserves
was shown in the actual condition of
the banks, with a loan expansion of
$37,537,000 and an incrense of about
$44,000,000 in demand deposits.
Bonds were heavy, Denver refund
ing 5's breaking three points and Un
ion Pacific 4's. 114. United States
registered 4's were up one-fourth per
cent on call during the week, but
other governments were one-half to
one per cent lower.
240 and September at 2.17. Other
commodities, too, scored gains corn
3 to 4U, oats 14 to IVi and provi
sions 15 to 25 cents.
It took less than an hour to de
monstrate that the wheat market had
been badly oversold.
Once the wheat market started up
grade the ascent of prices was rapid
In some cases the jumps were as much
hs five cents between trades.
Corn rose sharply on account of
the tcarcity of offerings and owing
1 to smallness of receipts. Oats were
strong as a result of good export bus
iness. Higher quotations on hogs and
?rain lifted provisions.
CHICAGO GRAINS
CHICAGO. May 19. Sellers or
wheat overreached themselves today
trying to profit ty a report that Euro
' pean entente nations had agreed to
liquidate holdings of American grain
futures. No evidence of such liqui
dation developed and the market, af
ter a moderate decline, went to the
buying side. The close was unset
tled 12 cents net higher, with July at
METAL MARKET
NEW YORK, May 19. Copper Is'
quiet: electrolytic: spot and second
cuarter 31a"3; third quarter and later
deliveries 2Sa30. Bar silver 74.
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
AND
Oatman
Stocks
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
Closing Quotations May 19, 1917
(By L. J. Overlook)
New York
Anaconda 804
American Can 45
American Car 6814
American Smelter 102
American Sugar 110
Atchison 100
Baltimore & Ohio 696
Chesapeake & Ohio 57
Chicago Fuel & Iron 51
Canadian Pacific 1604
Central Leather 86
Crucible 68
Distillers 18
Erie : 24
General Motors 103
Industrial Alcohol 129
Marine 27
I Marine Preferred 81
Mexican Petroleum 90
Maxwell 49
Midvale 59!
New York Central 89
Northern Pacific 1014
Pensylvania . : 52V4
Reading 88
Rep. Steel 84
Rubber 56
Studebaker 80
Steel 122
St. Paul .' 73
Southern Pacific 91
Union Pacific 135
United States Metals 56
Westinghouse 54
Boston
Adventure 3
AMouez 62
Arizona Commercial 1314
Alaska 6
American zinc ..' 3114
Butte 4314
Calumet & Arizona ( 7914
Calumet & Hecla 535
C. Range 6214
Chino ' 55
East Butte 12
Granby 80
G. Can 4014
Gold field 50
Hancock 1414
Indiana 214
Inspiration 5714
i Kennecott 45
Keeweenaw 21g
Lake 11
La Salle 3
Miami 40
Mohawk 87
Mayflower 2
Nevada 2414
North Butte 21
Nipptnsing 714
Old Dominion 5914
Osceola 85
Pond Creek 23
Quincy 87
Ray Consolidated 2914
hattuek 2514
Shannon 816
Superior Boston 5
St. Marys 7814
Utah ' 113H
Utah Consolidated 15
Winona 314
Curbs
Arizona & Arkansas 25
Austin Amazon V
Big Jim 70
Big Ledge 2
Butte London 22
Bisbee Copper 14
HiuniPT or Jerome 174
Cornelia 16
Crystal . 89
Consolidated Copper Mines ... 4
Consolidated Arizona 2
Denn 1814
450 FT. ERODED
With development started, even Jerome Is just waking up to the
possibilities of Great Verde Extension. Supt Hubbard says the sur
face showing is the same as at 450 feet In Dundee-Arizona, saving
450 feet of shaft for Great Verde Ex.
NEXT IN THE DIRECT TREND OF THE ORE
Dundee
Emma
Federal Oil 5
Fortuna 10
Gadsden 2
G. Monster 114
Grand Island 25
Howe Sound 25
heila 7
Hull 30
Inspiration Needles 14
Jerome Verde .' 1T4
Jerome Victor T
Mamga Copper 47
Magma Chief J
Miami Consolidated 13
Monger Chief i
Pittsburg Jerome
Kay Minartile
Tom Rted .'
Tono T-fV
U:iitrii V, stern
United Western
Ve de Fxltusion 371
VeTd" Combination
Varren .. 39
V.'o.ve-'rn Arizona l"j
3
IS?
4
ill
NEW YORK, May 19. The late
fears of yesterday relative to the
Russian situation and taxation prob
lems were dispelled by the overnight
and present day developments with
result of confidence among those con
structively inclined, was restored. As
a natural sequence much of the buy
ing was held in check late yesterday
asserted itself more forcibly In to
day's short session, final prices In the
equipment and railroad shares ap
proximating the best of the day. Pro
posals of yesterday to amend the fir
mer excess profit tax were defeated
and the news touching on the Rus
sian situation disclosed in the last
hour in substance Indicate that the
new regime in Russia will undoubted
ly stand by the allies. Of course in
the general run of events there is
bound to crop up, from time to time.
disclosures or intimations of adverse
developments, but at the week-end,
conditions, politically and financially
are more encouraging to constructive
believers.
LOGAN & BRYAN.
FIFTEEN THOUSAND
WANTED BY ARMY Y
FROM THE SOUTHWEST
El Paso Man Tells In Letter of
The Needs of The Army YjwlP!tbe. "l
A J f tt 1 c j Jasked to give $15,000 or 1
luni II, 11101 n 111 inictr nir- iiir-ii jiuiu
discontent, homesickness and tempta
jtion to use their leisure time in
harmful ways. The moral, spiritual,
mental and physical welfare of the
millions in training and in the field
will, to a large extent, be in the keep
ing of the Y. M. C. A. in its "war
work."
The "first call" is for $3,000,000, 'of
states are
I aa : ..v.
A J C TL r" C J f'aSKea 10 give iu,wu tn i." 111
or ine nrsi runa or i20o. Local committees will be formed
S3.000.0C0 Needed For Its to systematize the campaign for funds,
Wnrlr which is aimed at completing the bud-
get this month. This letter is mere
May 8th, 1917. Ilv 10 introduce the subject to you. so
n... si... unai you may De inrjrmea wnen iue
Fifteen thousand dollars is not a (Campaign begins. It will need no arg-
large sum for the people of these (uuieni 10 emisi your ....
southwestern states to raise for the newspaper press never lags in
war work- of the Y M C. A., but itiworthy movements of this sort: ana
will require strong and united -effort. I V- without ti.e newspapers, the cam
and the earnest co-operation of thejPaien cuIl not proceed,
oress. to raise that amount before Very truly yurs-
(Signed) : H. D. SLATER.
share of this section in the $3,000.0i
und which the War Work Council of
the Y. M. C. A. of the United States
nas set out to raise in the month
May for this special work.
President, El Paso
Editor and
Herald.
The following is the general commit-
cf 'tee in charge of the work of raising the
southwest's proportion of the fund:
afh Aft
INITED fOy LtROME VERDE u?95tlSH
VERDE I COPPER I M' ca Jt1
copper A ?MFANZ'l,ti'''Jty
tteW RktLROAD AHO MAUIAG TtfinfLS
OH neurit line or rue one at
KOC CXTLKSION
1 i
200 FT. IN GREAT VERDE
EXTENSION WILL EQUAL
7SO ft. ia Dunde-Arizona
1050 ft- ia Jcrom-Vrd
I20O It. la VS. V. Exteasioa
1400 It. ia U. V. ExUntioa
1800 ft. ia United Vtrda
UNITED VERDE
Earning about
41,000,000
akoathly
UNITED VERDE
EXTENSION
Earnfnff about
$7S0.0OO
monthly
JEROME VERDE
baa struck
27 per cent
copper (lanca
DUNDEE-ARIZ.
Now ahippinf
6 to S per cent
copper irom biff
surface deposit
GREAT VERDE
EXTENSION
NEXT IN LINE
FOR
THE ORE
Great Verde Extension combine low cost of development, easy access
to transportation, and direct trend of proven ore bodies, with being
in the very MIDST of the ACTIVITIES of WORLD-KNOWN COPPER
INTERESTS.
1
Every foot of their work is steadily adding value to this property and
to ita shares. Within a year, these may easily be FORTY DOLLARS.
Buying them now at FORTY CENTS, ia neither chance-taking nor
speculation. Later it will be called "LUCK." Make check payable
to The National Bank of Arizona, Pnoenix, Arizona. See Local Agent.
CHAS. H. PRAHL, Bisbee Agent
Great V erde Extension
SYNDICATE
General Offices, Second Floor Chamber of Commerce Building
PHOENIX, - - ARIZONA
OATMAN
(By Collins & Breherton)
Bid
Argo
Adams 04
Arizona Rex
Arizona Tom It 03
Big Jim 69
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy 04
Merry Widow
Oatman Combination ....
Sunnyside 12
Telluride .
Tom Reed 1-86
United Eastern 4.10
United Northern 03
United Western 02
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden 2.00
Green Monster ..." 1.25
Butte London 22
Dundee . 87
Venture Hill
Pittsburgh Jerome 50
Jerome Verde 1-94
Arkansas . & Arizona 25
Jerome Portland
Inspiration Needlea 12
Hull Copper 30
Magma Chief 2o
Wolverton Arizona 1.75
Miami Mother Lode
Verde Combination 62
Miami Consolidated 15
Bisbee Copper 50
Butte Arizona
Santa Cruz Bisbee
Jerome Daisy
Warren
Nacozari Consolidated . . .
Verde Apex
Calumet Oil t.
Ask
.00
.05
.25
.72
.05
.15
.06
.10
.06
.13
.20
1.88
.06
.03
.20
2.12
1.31
.26
1.00
.10
.75
2.00
.30
.43
.25
.38
. .37
.50
.75
.18
.62
.05
.27
.50
39.00
.42
22
.32
EXCESS PROFITS TAX IS
DECLARED IN SOUTH AFRICA
CAPE TOWN, May 19 The feature
of the South African Budget this year
is the announcement of an excess
profits tax of 25 per cent, during the
remainder of the war. This is ex
pected to yield about $1,250,000 a
year.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Th'ose of us who have been in close- James u. .Mc.wy. 01 r.i raso. cuair-
touch with the military movemenU of:n,an-
the last vear on thr- ho.uet have b?en Ur. R. B. Von Klein Smid. of Tucson,
deeply iuip-essed wifl ths Importance 1 first vice president
iNorman iarnncnaei, i-nuuu, ecuiiu
vice president
C. N. Bassett, El Pa.sM.
Levi H. Hughes, Santa Fe, N. M.
E. A. Cahoon. Roswell, N. M.
Joshua S. Raynolds, Albuquerque,
N. M.
H. D. Slater, El Paso, Tex.
Albert Steinfeld. Tucson, Ariz.
A. D. Goldenberg, Tucumcarl, N. M.
T. Y. Casey, Pecos, Tex.
Chas. Ilfeld, Las Vegas, N. M.
C. N. Cotton. Gallup, N. M.
J. A. Krakauer, El Paso. Tex.
W. D. Murray, Silver City, N. M.
B. B. Gottsberger, Miami, Ariz.
Arthur Notman, Bisbee, Ariz.
G. H. Dowell, Douglas, Ariz.
a M. Newman, El Paso, Tex.
Jas. S. Douglas, Douglas, Ariz.
Dr. J. C. Norton. Phoenix, Ariz.
of the Y. M. C. A. work in the army
camps. When 150,000 men wefle con
centrated in the border army posts and
temporary camps last summer, the
problem of caring for these men s
ants in their leisure time instantly
became one of such importance as to
command the attention of the leaders
in the Y. M. C. A. movement, both
the regular officials of the general
committees and the public-spirited lay
men outside, who furnish funds and
personal aid when convinced of the
necessity of enlarged support. In a
ery sh'jrt time after the great move
ment of troops to the border began,
these men had mobilized a special
corps of trained secretaries and work
ers, and had raised funds for builu-
ings. Scores of temporary but well-
built structures were erected and fur
nished, and kept supplied with mate
rial for reading, writing and enter-1 Proper Food for Weak Stomach.
tainment The porper food for one man may be !
In Its initial stages this work was all wrong for another. Every ont
partly financed by the local fields, but .should adopt a diet suited Vo his age
the national committee soon took over and occupation. Those who have weak
the work, and it was carried on ef f I-, stomachs need to be especially care-
ciently without entailing additional :ful and should eat slowly and niasti
burdens on the local associations, jcate their food thoroughly. It is also
hicb were already carrying their important that they keep their bowels
share. ' regular. v ben they become constipat-1
Now, we face the problem of car-led tor when they feel duull and stupid !
ing for the needs of millions of our:after eating, they should take Cham
bova and v'june men in the mobiliza- iberlain's Tablets to strengthen the
tion camps for this country, and in all stomach and move the bowels. They
probability, on European soil. The are easy to take and pleasant In effect
army not only welcomes the Y. M. C. 1 Adv.
in barracks, camps and field, but
Y!
The Aluminum Six
xn Mneb'c Gear SJu) '
$2150
Delivered Here
"OU can have no conception
of the tremendous advantage
of shifting gears with push
buttons until you have actually oper
ated Premier's C-H magnetic gear
shift It is the greatest relief meas
ure since the electric starter put the
hand starting crank in the discard.
Distributor
E. P. NORTON
Distributor .
Lowell, Arizona
vitf-1S' lag- -) I
. X 6i 1
Ad No. 1302 cols.
ines.
sands
Santa Catalina
Enjoy your summer outing at this beautiful isle of the Pacific,
where the air ia delightful and where the Bathing, Boating and Fishing
cannot be surpassed.
BAND CONCERTS and DANCING, beginning June 30th. free only
to the patrons of the Wilmington Transportation Company (Banning
Line), operating steamers "Cabrillo" and "Hermosa."
The ideal resort at which to spend your vacation.
ISLAND VILLA and CANVAS CITY are special features. Good
accomodations at moderate rates. ,
BANNING COMPANY, Agents.
104 Pacific Electric Building. Los Angeles, California.
regards its aid as almost essential to
maintaining the troops in best condi
tion, and sustaining their m'orale. The
M. C. A. will be '"Home" to these
men. The Y. M. C. A. secretaries,
trained In work with men, trained in
their needs, will keep up the human
United States government has re
leased specifications against contracts
for about 600,000 tons of rolled steel
products for this year's delivery, and
business has b'en accepted by the
mills irrespective of percentage allot
ment, according to capacity.
THE CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY
121 So. Central Ave. Phoenix. Arizona.
We specialize in Incorporating, Organizing and
Corporate Auditing and Supervise Meetings of Stock
holders and Directors of Corporations.
Write for Booklet "System and the Corporation."
P. O. Box 277R, Phoenix, Arizona.
THE DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS
n
7A
STOCK IN
The
ft e B
obbie filing Co,
IS OFFERED AT
20 CENTS
BUT IS WORTH MORE
The property of this company is in the proven Ray district about Yi miles from
the Ray Consolidated and adjoins the Ray Silver-Lead and the Ray Broken-Hill
mines. Two shifts of men have been continuously working on the property for the
past two months and have driven the tunnel over 300 feet. A continuation of this
tunnel 1 00 feet will give a depth of 525 feet, where an extensive body of commer
cial ore, it is anticipated, will be found. This is the most simple and economical
form of mining and requires the least equipment.
The officers of this company are : Hon. W. J. Graham of Phoenix, president ; Mr.
James H. Pollard of Ray, vice-president, and S. J. Ross of Phoenix, secretary-treasurer.
None of the officers receive any salary. The work on the property is under
the direct supervision of Superintendent Mr. Leonard Lohr, formerly foreman cf
the Copper Queen mine. The Little Bobbie Mining Company is organized under
the laws of Arizona, with a capitalization of 450,00,0 shares of the par value of
$1.00 each, fully paid and non-assessable; 212,500 shares are held by the former
owners of the property, who received no cash but show their faith in the ground
by accepting stock for their entire interests; 100,000 shares are now being offered
for sale, and 137,500 shares remain in the Treasury. The company owns unen
cumbered nine claims about 180 acres, and has an option to purchase with stock
three desirable adjoining claims.
We believe we are offering the public a real investment, considering its small cap
italization, low price of this stock offering, the merit of the property, its economi
cal administration and its advantageous location.
CALL OR. WRITE:
James F. O'Connor,
Bisbee, Arizona
S. J. ROSS, Room 3, 102 North Central Avenue, Phoenix, Arizona.