sntta ,
MARKETS
NEW YORK CITY
Average prlve cf cop
per for week ending
May 23, 28.75.
WEATHER.
Arizona Tuesday and
Wednesday, fair; not
much change in tem
praiire. Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 19. NO. 304.
BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 29, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
mm
ISO DIE AS
TORNADOES
HIT SOUTH
Southwestern Kentucky Suf
fers Heaviest Loss, Casual
ties Showing 66 Dead And
100 Injured.
PROPERTY DAMAGE IN
ALABAMA $1,000,000
FortyrSix Fatalties Are Re
ported In Mining Camp of
Alabama! Several States
Swept.
(By Review Leased Wire)
MEMPHIS, Tnn., May 28. Revised
reports today from the sections
of Kentucky Tennessee, Arkan
sas and Alabama swept by a se
ries of tornadoes, Sunday, lace the
number of known dead at 160 and the
Injured at 550.
Southwestern Kentucky suffered
rc'Jst, 66. persona being killed and
more than 100 injured. In Alabama,
the mining camps at Sayre, Bradford
and Carbon Hill repotred 46 fatalities,
and in Tennessee, Tipton, Dyer and
Carroll counties reported 34 dead.
The property damage in Alabama
is estimated at 11.000,000. No accurate
losses have been arrived at.
In Mississippi county, Arkansas,
acrosshe Mississippi river from the
Tennessee and Kentucky counties
swept by the storm, ten were killed.
x Dyer county suffered the largest loss
of life in Tennessee. Near Dyersburg
seven were killed and 40 injured. Oth
er Tennessee towns where casualties
occurred were Gates Lakes. Trezevant
Ore Springs, Sharon, Linden and Ba
kers to wnV rf
Death Toll Mounts.
PADUCAH. Ky- May 2S- The till
cf dead and injured taken by the
storm which late Sunday afternoon
swept four counties of western Ken
tucky continued to mount rapidly to
day. It is estimated that the num
ber of dead approach 70 an dthat the
list of seriously injpred would num
ber several hundred.
Objectors Bitterly
Assailed By Teddy
(By Review Leased Wire).
NKW YORK) May 23. After a
speaker at a recruit meeting here to
night under the auspices of the med
ical icserve corp declared that Eng
land fares the problem of caring for
one million wounded men, exclusive
of convalescents. 174 of -the 1,000
New Vers physicians present signed
applications for commissions in the
corps.
Colonel Theodore Roosevelt addres
sed the meeting and arraigned the
consciinlious objector" saying that
if he had his way he would instantly
cut off his vote.
"But that is only preliminary,
added the colonel, "In the second I
would take him to the front and if
conscience forbade to shoot I would
put where he'd be shot at."
LIBERTY LOAN WEEK PROGRAM
INCLUDES SPECIAL CAMPAIGNS
(By Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON, May 28. Men.
women and children in every walk of
life are given places for active service
in the program for Liberty Loan
wpfk, beginning next Saturday, made
public tonight by the treasury depart
ment. 1
Treasury officials also made public
a statement by Samuel Gompers to all
members of the American Federation
of Labor requesting their aid in float
ing the government issue of Liberty
Loan bonds, in which he said:
"Liberty bonds are a safe invest
ment and it is a patriotic duty to sua
scribe for them." He added that he
would like to see every member of
the federation subscribe for as large
an amount of the bonds a his income
would permit. He proposed a plan to
make Wednesday, June 6, Liberty
Loan Labor Day, to be devoted to a
united effort by organized labor on
behalf of the loan. The Liberty Loan
week program follows:
Clergymen will give special sermons
on behalf of the loans.
Monday, June 4, merchants' and
Seventy Killed,
200 Injured, By
Fire At Osaka
Warehouse District of Japan
ese City Destroyed; Shock
Wrecks Bridge Causing 20
To Drown.
(By Review Leased Wire)
OSAKA. Japan, May 6 (By a Cor
respondent of the Associated
Press). Seventy persons were
killed and 200 injured in a series
of terrific explosions and a fire
which occurred in the warehouse
district of OsaOka yesterday. The
damage to property Is estimated at
attiut 16,000.000. The whole of
Osaka and its neighboring towns
and villages were thrown into a
panic. The sound of the explosions
was heard 50 miles.
The first explosion, which oc
curred In the Tokio Warehouse
Company's storehouse, is belieeed
to have been due to the spontane
ous combustion of chemicals. The
roar resembled the rumbling of a
distant volcano. The sky was
darkened with clouds of smoke
and flying debris. Pillars of flame
shot up after the third explosion.
Firemen and fire engines rushed
to the scene and tried to combat
the fier, but the men and women
dying from their wounds, and
countless people1 rushing in all di
rections crying ftr help, prevented
effective fire fighting. The f're
raged for nearly five hours un
checked, and It was necessary to
dynamite many buidlings nearby.
Not a person who happened to be
passing in the neighborhood es
caped some injury. Heavy pieces
of burning concrete and red-hot
iron bars and other debris fell upon
the heads of pedestrians. Some
were killed Outright, while many
were terribly mutilated. Many
houses were ruined, being crushed
by falling rocks. In most of the
bouses within the radius of a mile
the window panes were borken .
and the doors unhinged. The Ashi
waki bridge, a - mile from the
scene, . was cut in two by the
shock of the explosions and twenty
persons who were crossing it were
thrown InK the river and drowned.
FREDDY WELSH
LOSES TITLE TO
Lightweight Champion Was
Knocked Out In Ninth
Round After Having Taken
Severe Beating.
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, May 28. Benny Leon
ard won the world's lightweight cham
pionship by knocking out Freddy
Welsh in the ninth round of a ten
round match here tonight.
Welsh's downfall came at the end
of a series of rushes by Leonard that
drove him from corner to corner. The
champion had taken a severe beating
during the early rounds and the pun-
(Continued on Page Two)
manufacturers Liberty Loan Day, on
which the merchants and manufactur
ers will unite in aiding the sale of
bonds.
Tuesday, June 5, professional and
Insurance men's Liberty Loan Day.
Every Insurance agent in the country
will devote the entire day to soliciting
subscriptions to the bonds and pro
fessional men also will devote much
of their time to the cause.
Wednesday, June 6, Liberty Loan
Labor. Day and automobillsts' Liberty
Loan Day.
Thursday, June 7, farmers' Liberty
Loan Day. Members of grauges and
other farmers organizations through
out the country will make a concerted
effort to secure subscriptions.
Friday. June 8, women's Liberty
Loan Day.
Saturday, June 9, children's Liberty
Loan Day.
William H. Taft, president of the
League to Enforce Peace, issued a
statement saying:
"The obligation to subscribe rests
especially upon the members of the
League to Enforce Peace.'
BE
IT LEONARD
MERCHANT
MARINE TO
BE RUSHED
Goethals And Denmen Settle
Differences; Both Steel And
Wooden Ships To Be Con
structed. CONTRACTS LET FOR
30 VESSELS ALREADY
Nine Million Dollars Placed
To Credit of Shipping Board
Yesterday B y Secretary
McAdoo.
(By Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON. May 28. Differ
ences between Chairman Denman, of
the shipping board, and Majbr General
Goethals, manager of the board's emer
gency fleet corporation, over the
board's wooden ship building campaign
have been cleared away, it was stated
today, and the corporation will pro
ceed with construction of b'Jth steel
and wooden ships.-
General Goethals, back from New
York where, Friday night, in a speech,
he characterized the plan to build 1,000
wooden ships as hopeless, announced
that the fleet corporation had let con
tracts for 24 more wVoden ships and
for six steel barges.
It is said authoritatively that Gen
earl Goethals will be given a free rein
in Jthe shipbuilding program and tnat
there will be no interference from the
board. Operation of the fleet will be
in the hands of the board.
Chairman Denman has disclaimed
responsibility for the statement that
the board could build 1.000 wooden
ships in 18 months.
General Goethals has accepted por-
posals by the United States Steel Cor
poration and the lackaw&mia Steel &
Iron Company to turn out by fabrica
tion processes 3,000,000 tons of. steel
shipping in 18 months and will let con
tracts for wooden vessels as fast as
wboden builders come forward with fa
cilities for building them.
Secretary McAdoo announced today
that S9.000.000 had just been placed to
the credit of the shipping board, and
said the board and 'General Goethals
had not been held up for a second for
want of money and would not be.
Referring to a statement attributed
lb General Goethals in-his New York
Bpeech, that no attempt had been made
to sell the $50,000,000 of Panama canal
bonds, through which congress author-.
ized the raising of funds for the board.
Mr. McAdoo said it was not necessary
to sell the bonds immediately and that
the board had been notified long ago
that all the m'jney required was avail
able on request.
FIRE DESTROYS
Fire, of undiscovered origin, which
threatened to destroyed the entire
business section of Lowell, complete
ly gutted the Superior bakery, early
this morning. The fire started at
1:15 a. m. By the time the fire ap
paratus arrived, the building was a
mass of flames, which were rapidly
spreading to the surrounding build
ings. Quickly manning four lines of
hose, the firemen stubbornly fought
the flames, and drenched the build
ings adjacent to the bakery.
Two bakers were working at the
time, and when the fire was discover
ed, quickly turned in the alarm.
Bisbee company. No. 1, arrived on
the scene, shortlyafter, and together
with the Lowell department, and a
number of volunteer companies, be
gan flooding the building. For a time,
it looked as though the fire might get
beyond their control, but after re
peated efforts on the part of the fire
fighters, the flames were finally
brought under control.
A large stock, of goods was stor
ed In the building at the time, which
will be a complete loss. It is report
ed that the building, which is owned
by W. H. Brophy, is insured. The
plumbing shop, to the north of the
bakery, owned by John Davis, and
the rooming house, known as the
O'Brien, were saved without loss, ex-,
cept slight damage by water.
GULF REFINING COMPANY
SUBSCRIBES ONE MILLION.
PITTSBURGH. Penna.. May 28.
The Gulf Refining company today an
nounced a subscription' of 11,000,000
to the Liberty Loan.
LOWELL R
RUSSIA TOTTERING ON VERGE OF
ECONOMIC DO WNFALL; ONLY CLOSE
OF WAR WILL SAVE INDUSTRIES
HEADS OH ANTi-CONSCRIPTIDN RACE RIOTS IH
ORGANIZATION ARE ARRESTED EAST ST. LOUIS;
FOR f SEDITIOUS CDNSPIRACY"
s
EATTLE. Wash., May 28. United
arrested Hulett M. Wells, a city
Central Labor Council, on a charge
of the distribution by Wells and
ance by force of the government's army draft plan.
Wells is a clerk in the city light department, was twice Socialist candi
date for mayor and has been prominent in the affairs of that party during
the last ten years. ;
According to government agents. Wells is the head of the Seattle branch
of the "No-Conscription League" which has flooded Seattle with anti-draft
handbills and other literature and painted on fences and sidewalks in large
red letters, exhortation to "resist conscription." i
Sidewalks all over town have been daubed with these words at night
i Captain Thomas B. Foster, of the secret service, said . that the plan to
distribute the "no conscription circulation" was reported about three weeks
ago at a secret meeting between , Wells and his associates in the Socialist
hall.
Men and women attending this
enter and leave the hall one at a time and to make sure they . were not
followed.
The circular was headed "No conscription no involuntary servitude
no slavery" and was signed by the "Seattle Branch, No-Conscription, Post
Office Box 225." It counselled mutiny and defiance before conscription. In
another place the circular said: "Resist! Refuse! Don't yield the first
step toward conscription. Better to be Imprisoned than to renounce your
freedom of conscience."
Aaron Fislerman. secretary of the Kings County Central Committee of
the Socialist Party, and Robert E. Rice, a dyer, were arrested May 12, charged
with participation in circulation of the circular attacking the draft. Fisler
man and Rise are at Liberty on bail.
UNCLE SAjM 13 READY FOR ACTION.
WASHINGTON, May 28. Nine indictments returned by a federal court
in Texas against leaders of an alleged conspiracy to hinder army draft regis
tration, and two arrests in Virginia on similar charges, were cited by Attorney
General Gregory tonight in another, warning that the department will deal
relentlessly with persons who attempt to interfere with the execution of the
draft law.
"There are indications," said Mr. Gregory, "that attempts will be made
in one or two of the central western cities to make registration ineffective.
The department W -prepared to care for such emergency. Its agents will be
instructed to see that registration officers perform their duties properly and
they are not interfered with in the performance of their duties."
SEVERAL WOMEN ALSO ARRESTED.
CHICAGO, May 28. Three men and several women were taken in custody
by federal agents today and tonight were questioned until midnight by gov
ernment heads who assert they are active participants in a nationwide con
spiracy to discourage registration on June 5, for the selective draft. Identity
of the prisoners was withheld.
Evidence is said to have been supplied the government indicating that
the principal movers in the alleged plot were prepared to move in such drastic
manner as to foment riots if necessary to bring about, material hindrance of
the draft program. .. :.,' t '
REGULATIONS FOR
EXEMPTION FROM
" DRAFT PREPARED
Provost Marshal Instructs Re
gistrars To Refuse To Regis
etr Any Man Over Age
Limit.
(By Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON, May 28. Regular
tions to govern exemptions under the
selective draft are being worked by
Provost Marshall General Crowder
with a number of prominent lawyers.
Although the plans are not yet com
plete, it is probable that the wot
wheel system will be followed in sel
ecting tjhose who are to go into the
first army of 500,000. and not until
the names have been drawn and each
registration district has been provid
ed the number apportioned to it, will
exemptions be considered. As each)
individual drawn reports, bis claim
for exemption will be passed upon if
he is exempted, another will be drawn
o fill the vacancy.
The law provides for local exemp
tion boards in each county and for5
each 30.000 in city populations.
Loards of review also will be establ
ished on the basis of one or more to
each federal judicial district AU the
boards will be composed of civilians.
Secretary Baker said today the pro
cess of selecting them had not been
wo'ked out.
General Crowder said that only
confusion would result from the ap
plication of men above the fixed age
to register on June 5.
"This Is mistaken patriotism," he
said, "and registrars .will be In
structed to accept cards only from
men between the ages of 21 and 30
inclusive."
Men will not necessarily be ex
cluded from the draft because they are
married. General Crowder explained
today.
"Only those whose dependents
must rely solely on them for support
should claim exemption." he said,
".and of course all married men be
tween the ages of 21 and 30 inclus
ive must register; whether or not
(Continued on Page Six)
States secret service operatives today
employe former president of the Seattle
of seditious conspiracy, growing out
others of literature advocating resist
meeting, officials say, were cautioned to
EQUAL RIGHTS WITH?
LAY POPULATION AR
DEMANDED BY MONKS
Famous Monasteries Scenes
of Revolutionary Enthus
iasm; All Traces of Auto
erotism Vanish. '
PETROGRAD. May 28 (Via London.
11:51 p. m.). The Inmates of the Rus
sian monasteries, in an excess Of revo
lutionary seal, are demanding equal
rights with the lay population. Includ
ing the vote, which until now has been
forbidden by precedent In order to
prove their fitness for citizenship, the
monks have set about eradicating all
traces of their former autocratism, re
actionary, and particularly - aeml-
semltlc policies, and are destroying
their stores of anti-liberal and pogorm
literature, which was supplied to them
by the police "security department"
now abolished.
The monks of Russia's biggest, rich
est and most famous monastery, Trolt-sa-Lavra,
near Moscow, which is his
toric owing tt having withstood two
sieges by Polish armies In the seven
teenth century, made bonfires last
week of reactionary pamphlets in the
monastery court yard. One report says
that the monks danced around the
flames.
Still
greater revolutionary entbusl-1
asm. real or feigned, has been displayed
in Kiev's celebrated Pestchora mon-
astery. In the catacombs of which re-
ptae the bones of hundreds of saints of
the orthodox church.
This monastery is particularly no
torlus for pogromlst agitation, in which
it took an active part for the prosecu
tion of the Jew Beilist ritual murder.
The monastery authorities now have
strictly forbidden reactionary aftita
tlons and a committee of monks has
been formed to obtain political equal
ity. At Kazan, in east Russia, a com
mittee ot workmen's and soldiers' dep
uties discovered that a large number
of inflammatory pamphlets were stored
in a convent The committee threat
ened to' raid the place, and the nuns,
hDrrIfle -dby the prospect of Intrusion
on their inviolate sanctuary, sent word
that they would destroy the pamphlets
themselves.
TROOPS
Mob of 3,000 Sweeps Through
Streets After Mass Meeting,
Attacking And Beating
Blacks.
EAST ST. LOUIS, ( Ills.. May 29.
A mob estimated to number 3,000 per
sons shouting threats to rid the city
of negroes imported to work in fac
tories and munition plans, swept
through the streets last night and
early this morning, attacking and
beating negroes wherever found. Sev
eral negroes were injured so severely
they probably will die..
A meeting had been hold in the city
hall auditorium to protest against the
importation of more negro laborers
and after the mayor and several coun
cilmen, who addressed the meeting,
had departed, the audience did not
disperse, but proceedd to a block
where a number of negro saloons are
situated.
The mob stopped street cars in its
search for negroes and threatened to
storm the jail, where a score of
negroes had been taken, for safe keep
ing. Ambulances made the rounds of
the streets In the wake of the mob to
pick up unconscious and injured
blacks. ' Police reserves were helpless
against the mob. Mayor Fred Moll
man -appealed for aid to Maj. R. W.
Cavanaugh, in charge of two compan
ies of the Sixth Illinois Infantry,
quartered here. Major Cavanaugh,
heading a detail of 125 men. helped to
fight back the mobs while several
negroes were rescued but this small
force of soldiers was inadequate.
Mayor Mollman then telegraphed
Governor Lowden to send additional
troops -for duty. It lestimated that
8,000 negroes have been brought into
the city since January 1.
The crowd was peaceable enough,
it seemed, until news was received
that white men had been lield up and
shot by a negro' who was said to have
peed wounded in return.
- Hundreds of negroes from East St
Louis began pouring over the river
fato St Louis early this morning car
rying suitcases, trunks and bundle.
Many of them were bruised severely.
One of the most seriously Injured was
William Taylor, who was found near
the St Louis end of the bridge with a
bullet In his head and several ribs
fractured.
TEN ARRESTED FOR
URGING RESISTANCE.
(By Review Leased Wire).
DETROIT. Mich, May 2S. Ten
men are under arrest tonight charg
ed with having circulated literature
against the conscription law. Among
them Is Nathan L. Welch of Detroit
editor of tie Michigan Socialist In
which the anti-conscription were
printed. Leaflets urging resistance,
to the conscription law were seized
by federal 'officials.
ITI
M l IUIIMII
MEASURE IS
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. May 28. The
administration's food survey,, first of
food control measures, was passed
bT the House today without a record
It appropriated $14,770,000 tor
an immediate investigation of the
country's food resources and for meas
ures to stimulate production. A simi
lar measure Is under debate in the
senate and may be passed there
Wednesday.
The agriculture department expects
to demand a fairly accurate statement
of food resources within three weeks
after the bill is signed by the Presi
dent Secretary Houston said today.
As btK)n as the measure becomes a
law, the department will start its 17.
000 and the 150.000 voluntary crop
reports to work on the in vestl Ration.
The preliminary report to be made
within three weeks will be supple
mented with monthly reports and prob
ably by further complete reports
within six months If necessary.
.llrlMGTDI
IIU
DCC MP
lu mil
Demands of Workmen So Ex
hortitant That Factories
WJ1 Soon Be Forced To
Close Down.
(By Review Leased Wire)
ETROGRAD. May 23.. via Lon
don. May 29, (10:05 a. m.) The
industrial crisis in Russia is so
acute that, according to a recent
utterance of the minister of finance.
M. Sbingaroff. only a miracle can.
save the country from economic ruin.
The demands of the workmen were
so enormous, he declared, .that it
seemed impossible to keep the In
dustrial wheels going, for any great
length of time.
The Socialist ministers at a recent
ministerial council said that the only
possibility they saw of settling the
difficulties was to bring the war to a
close.
Neither the coalition cabinet nor
the newly appointed commission to
regulate the difficulties between cap
ital and labor has yet found a way to
settle the industrial crisis. The com
mission is composed of the ministers
of finance, trade and industry, and
labor, Vut since there is a wide div
ergence of views the minister of fin
ance 'and the new Socialist minister
of labor, it seems probable that this
commission will be confronted with,
the same difficulty that attended
previous efforts at reconciliation.
Factories Doomed.
An investigation of the factory con
ditions In Petrograd leads to the al
arming, but inevitable conclusion,
that unless the government soon finds
a means of adjusting the present dif
ficulties most of the industrial enter
prises working for national defense
will be compelled to close within a
few months.
The outstanding features of the
labor situation are as fallows:
An investigation shows that virtual
ly the same difficulties prevail In all
the big factories In Petrograd. and ap
parently authenticated reports from
the Moscow, Donets and Ural dis
tricts indicate the general disorgan
ization. In many of the factories the
demands by the workmen for increas
ed wages are actually greater than
the entire profits of the factories un
der the best conditions of production.
The workmen, through their commit
tee, are virtually in command of thf
factories and business has to be sub
mitted to them for approval. Wages
in a majority of the factories have
been already increased 100 to 150
per cent There has as yet been no
increase in the price of the output
Exhorbitant Demands.
In one of these works of Petrograd
the men recently demaaded the pay-
(Continued on Page Six.)
PASSED BY HOUSE
Material gathered will be turned
over tt Herbert C. Hoover, who will
be named to head a food administra
tion as soon as the pending admin
istration food measure becomes a law.
The survey bill passed virtually as
It came from the committee.
An amendment by Representative
McKenzie. of Illinois, would make all
persons employed ut'der the bill liable
Vo military service and another would
permit citizens to refuse to go more
than 300 miles from their homes or
places of business to testify in a food
inquiry.
As originally drawn, the bill carried
more than $18,000,000 but committee
changes reduced the total. These are
the principal amounts appropritaed:
For seeds. $5,252,000; education for
increasing piductlon by elimination
and conservation, $4,343,400; general
survey $2,522,000; eradication of live
stock diseases and livestock improve
ment work J685.00; miscellaneous
litems $545,770.
AGREEMENT
ABANDONED
n TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 29, 1917.
RAPID PROGRESS ON
WAR TAX MEASURE IS
MADE BY COMMITTEE
Stamp Taxes Will Be Substi
tuted For Manufacturer's
Gross Sales Plan Adopted
By House.
(By Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON, May 28. Making
rapid progress in revising the house
war tax bill the senate finance com
mittee today decided t'j exempt from
taxation many articles levied upon by
the house, to substitute stamp taxes for
the manufacturers' gross sales plan
of the house, and to consider new taxes
upon second class mail matter. The
latter were advocated by Senator Hard- j
wick and postoffice department heads '
and would be based npVm the advertis- j
ing space in publications.
For the house gross manufacturers 'j
sales a 5 per cent tax was proposed
as a substitute for stamp taxes on the
following:
Mechanical musical instruments, in
cluding talking machine records, ath
letic goods, perfumes, cosmetics and
patent medicines.
For the house 5 per cent taxes on
yachts and other pleasure boats a new
tax based upon tonnage or length was
considered. A new tax upon confec
tionery was proposed by Senator Wil
liams, of Mississippi, and favorably re
ceived. Taxes on admissions to amusement
and other places and club dues were
considered, but' no decision was re
ported. They probably will be re
tained in amended form.
After Newspapers.
Although the committee previously
decided to strike out the house in
creases on second class mail matter
under a zone system, it reopened the
quesiton of increased revenue rrom
newspapers and magazines today by
receiving the new proposal of Senator
Hardwick, backed by the postoifice de
partment. Senator Hardwick'e amend
ment pi'jvides that the cent a pound
second class rate shall be retained on
news matter of second class publica
tions, but proposes a graduated tax up
on the parts of such publications de
voted to advertising.
He told the committee that by this
method $20,000,000 of additional rev
enue this year could be raised. ' For
the first year he proposed a tax of 3
per cent upon advertising in second
class publications, of 6 cents a pound
beginning July 1. 1918, and of 8 cents
a pound thereafter.
Space and Weight Basis.
The tax would be computed upon a
$1,000,000 worth of Ice
Qirls do like ice
cream sodas. And for
$1,000,000, 10,000,000
girls could buy 10c
sodas. That would
please the girls. But
how about the men?
Well, men, we spend
$1,000,000 to give you your
smoke-treat your OWL
Cigar. And often more.
For behind the mellow
fragrance of your OWL
Cigar stands a reserve of
tobacco leaf always worth
at least $1,000,000.
Showing exact size of
the fragrant
space and weight basis, the advertis
ing space being measured and the tax
levied upon the percentage of the pub
lication's weight devoted to advertise
ments. It is expected that the new
! proposal will be as vigorously opposed
by publishers as the house zone system
which the senate committee eliminated
after hearing testimony that it would
be ruin to many publications. '
j It would be in addition to the direct
advertising tax of 2 per cent tentative
ly approved by the committee.
The committee's decision lv strike
out the bouse gross 6ales tax on jew
elry, motion picture films and chewing
gum was said to be based on the gen
eral principle of eliminating special
taxes on businesses and industries. The
motion picture business, it was argued,
will be reached by the excess profits,
corporation and amusement taxes.
Tariff Increase Opposed.
The new stamp taxes proposed on
perfumes, cosmetics and patent medi
cines, it was said, probably would be
distributed in actual operation between
manufacturers, distributors and the
I consumers. A floof or stock space
plan of levying the stamp tax on dis
tributors Is being worked out by treas
ury experts.
The general tariff increase of the
house bill will be considered by the
committee tomorrow. Many members
are insisting on its elimination. If n'.)t
stricken out, senators said tonight it
would be greatly changed, especially
the proposed free list. ' As it affects
supplies of raw materials, manufactur
ers have been active in urging that
the whole tariff section be stricken
out
CHILE EXPECTED 10
GIVE UP
. (By Review Leased Wire).
SANTIAGO, Chile, May 28. Chile
will supporting Brazjf in adopting
vigorous measures against Germany
says the Diario Ilustrado, in conn
menting on the new aspect of thel
international situation brought by the
action of President Brax of Brazil in
urging congress to revokie "the decree
of neutrality in the war between the
Unit el States and Germany. . .
"It is no longer a question of Am
erican neutral nations," says this
newspaper, "nor of the formation of
a theoretical policy to bring about
united action. Recent events have
brought a great change. Pan-Americanism
and the Monroe Doctrine
have a deeper meaning now than ev
er before."
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING QUICK RESULTS
A treat for
10,000,000 girls!
This leaf is constantly
mellowing and curing.
And not a Single leaf of the
whole $1,000,000 worth
ever gets into your OWL
Cigar until it has cured
many long months until
it is "ready" in OWL fra
grance. That's the story in a nut
shell of the OWL, the
Million Dollar Cigar. It's
the "fragrance-reason" be
hind your OWL Cigar.
See if the OWL Cigar
does not back up this fragrance-pledge.
5c. At the nearest cigar
store.
THE
MILLION llfev &t
DOLLAR
CIGAR
, mellow-
, M. A. GUNST BRANCH,
hipii ii i i i i i i a i i ' i in mi i n ii i w w r-
FARMERS AND CATTLE
RAISERS OBJECT TO
INCREASED FREIGHT
Proposed Fifteen . Per Cent
Raise Would Spell Doom
To Many Western Produc
ers, Say Representatives.
(By Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON, May 28. Agricul
tural and live stock interests, pro
testing to the interstate commerce)
commission today against the rail
roads' proposal for a fifteen per cent
general increase in freight rates, de
clared that such a revision not only
would unjustly burden food producers
but would handicap seriously the
whole food production campaign in
itiated by the government as a war
measure.
During the day's hearing representa
tives of the American National Live
stock Association and of the National
Council of the Farmers' Co-operative
Association submitted a mass of evi
dence calculated to show that stock
raisers and fanners already are bear
ing unusually heavy expenses and
could not make a supporting profit if
a freight increase was added.
Speaking for the livestock associa
tion, T. W. Tomlinson told the com
mission that western cattle producers
would have to get 25 per cent more
than last year for their product even
under present conditions in order to
make a living. Even then, he said.
many cattlemen doubtless would have
to go out of business, and with an in
creased freight rate to market the
effect was sure to be felt in a de
crease in meat production.
Both Mr. Tomlinson and Clifford
Thorne, who appeared for the farmers'
association, pointed out in detail how
grain and meat production had in
creased. The middle western farmer,
said Mr. Thorne, who would have to
pay such a proposed raie increase.
now has an average yearly income
of only about $480.
Mr. Thorne and other shippers'
representatives urged that rates be,
re-adjusted rather than increased by
a flat fifteen per cent. Counsel for
the roads explained during ithe ses
sion that all existing preferentials
would be taken into consideration and
preserved as far as possible if the
increase was authorized. That was
one of the considerations on which
the original petitions by the roads
were based.
Cream sodas
tZ!?
isWiGHt)
Branded for
your protection
General Cigar Co., Inc.
J. S. SEA FIGHTERS ARE TRAINED
AND EQUIPPED FOR HAND FIGHTING
Whim ;ne marine corps is the only
branch of the service that is rated aa
a "land and sea" organization, there
is not one cf the three branches
which is essentially a specialized
boay for one particular brand or type
of waifare. Our naval fighters are
equally proficient on land and sea
and they are as thoroughly trained
end equipped for land operations as
they are for naval warfare.
A " K
' 4
Field arUilcVy aboard a
WELSH LOSES TITLE
TO BENNY LEONARD
(Continued from p?ge one.)
Ishment had begun to tell when the
nnncr for the ninth round sounded.
Leonard, fresh as the moment he!
had entered the ring, Jumped forward,
and met the champion as he was leav-
ing his corner and delivered a shower'
of lefts and rights to the face and;
head. j
.Welsh Badly Beaten. f
Welsh, vainly trvinar to ward off the1
blows worked his way into Leonard's imply cannot fill all the demands of
corner, where Leonard, succeeded in! war and at the same time satisfy all
reaching liim with a? smashing right ' appetites of peace. Our job is th.
to the Jaw. Welsh fell on one knee; business of war, not 'business as ns
and hugged the ropes. I ual-' While I recognize the patriotic
His strength gone, he-strove weakly, Purpose back of the 'business as us
to strike fighting pose. As he left ual' slogan it wni prolong the war
the ropes'Leonard landed and Welsh j and hamper the fighting effectiveness
hit the floor. He struggled to his feet, of the nation every day."
twice more but each time he was' -met
by Leonard's rights to the face ...
and head and again .he fell to theU H UV M flMUV
floor.
The champion took the count of nine
before he arose from the last knock
down. He tried to stand, but fell
across the rope6. j
Itwas only a question of moments,:
when he would have fallen and been
counted out. At this pcint, Referes!
McFarlane leaped between the fighters,
and, pnsh ingLeonard away, carried
the defeated champion to iiis corner. I
Champion Cheered. i
A score of men occupying rightslde;
seats jumped into the righ and, lifting
the new champion to their shoulders.:
carried him In triumphal procession tary life, and there has been a rush of ,
around the hall. applicants to fill the gaps. The depart-:
While the crowd was cheering it-,nlent says, however, that the first two !
self hoarse, Welsh sat in a daze in his weeks of the training course are essen- '
corner. When he had recovered some-,tial, and will delay the entrance of all !
what and was told by his handlers of applicants until the second series of ;
his defeat, he refused to believe them ' camps to be started when the first se- i
and fought fiercely to return to the r;es nas completed its work. j
center of the ring. Applicants for the negro officers' j
It was Leonard's fight throughout. (training camp at Fort Deh Moines were j
He took the offensive in the first j examined fjday in all the lmlitary de
round and held it until t!ie end. rartments. Officials lo not doubt that I
There was never a moment when;more than the j 000 civilians w ho can j
he was in danger and, although admitted have.enrolled.
champion fought valiently and succeed-
ed 1n landing many blows, they ap
peared to have little effect.
Welsh seemed to have lost his judg
ment of distance for he missed re
peatedly, i
From the first gong Leonard tore
into the champion with ruthless per-;
sistency. He sent lefts and rights to,
the face and head at will. Welsh, dis-
concerted by his opponent's tactics.
seemed worried when the round,
ended-
Leonard To Enlist.
In all of the succeeding rounds-
Leonard concentrated his efforts on :
Welsh's body and suoreded in whip-:
ping his right repeatedly to the rhamp
ion's stomach. It was this blow, per-;
sistently used, that wore the champ-:
ion down. .' '
Leonard weighed in at 133 pounds;
Welsh at 13 3-4.
Freddie Welsh won the world's
lightweight championship in receiving
the referee's decision after out-boxing
Willie Ritchie, tho American iitle
holder. in a twenty-round bout in Lon
don. July 7, 1914. Previous to to
night's contest Leonard and Welsh
met twice in no-decision ten-round
bouts. 1
Leonard was born in Now York,
1896. His recent knockout of Kkhi ;
Mitchell, of Milwaukee, caused him to
be regarded as a contender for the
world's title. ;
Leonard, the new world's champion
lightweight, will not "wait for con-,
srription," hut will enlist in the Unit
ed States army after a six-round bout
in i'hiladelpliia next Monday, his
managcr, Billy Gibson, announced
after the light.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
.?J K 1 1
' I t
ii.
sl.ij ui i"
T HELP
BRING UJ. ViCTOHY
(By Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON. May 28. A stato-
! meut Edward A. Filene of Boston,
! a director of the chamber of commerce
ot tlie United States, in condemning j
arguments against war economy was,
8ivn tonight by the government 'in -j
formation commission.' i
"Business has but one job today.-,
said Mr Filene. "and that it to do j
the thing that will bring victory at I
the earliest possible moment. We'
wBiaawiMW wi mil w
WILL NOT BE FILLED!
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, May 28. The war !
department announced today that va-1
cancies in the officers' training camps ;
resulting in the withdrawal of candi- j
dates will not be filled.
a considerable number at each ot
the thirteen camps have dropped jut
because they proved unsuited to ruili-
!
Japanese Welcome
U.S. Entry In War
(By Review Leased Wire)
TOKIO. May 2S. (2:40 p. m.)
r.-it.i, Marshall Count Tf-rauclii. Mi
Japanese Premier, today in ail address
to the prefectural governors said tht
participation of the Tuited Stales in
the conflict materially slr ngthened
lne tle of interest binding Japan and
An-trica "
Field Marshal Terauclii, said he be,
liever the political change in Russia
was seriously important Int that it
did not affect Russia's hostile attitude
toward the common enemy.
lie coupled with satisfaction the
empire's gr-at material prosperity
with a warning of the dingers of aji
'.tnsathifaclory business morality, a
tendency towards strife between eap:-i
talists and laborers ami undue use cf
tho rignt oi free speech in the publica
tions of matters calculated to under
mine the national piiicy and to dis
turb peace and order. 1
THERE IS
NOTHING
LIKE THEM!
PostToasties
BEAT TM A
ALL!
.."W ...4 f - :
tEliiliii'iX
Now is the time to buy a
BEACH LOT
$350
$1.00 Down
$1.00 Per Week
10 Off on Excess Payments
No Interest No Taxes.
Seashore Colony Tract, Newport
Beach. '
25 choice sand lots; former trtce,
$500. Gas, water and electricity at
hand. Electric cars through tract;
sta'-ns on tract A bona fide op
poi. ky to double your money
quiv-y.
C L. Lancaster, Owner
603 Central Bldg., Los Angeles
Or Newport Beach, Cat.
CATARRH
OF THE
BLADDER
24 Hours
Each Can. s N
a!s bcan the (MUJY
Eeuom tf counterfeit
H
enderson will try and
please you,
W atkins, he'
helps too,
T umber has gone up
24
u
a little as
sual as other
things has,
Mighty good
time to buy
Before things
get so high
Each month you put off
building that home you
Ruri a risk of
having none
Come let us
talk to you,
Olson may offer some
suggestions too.
PHONE 16
In Peace or War Your Teeth Need
Attention I
DR. TEUFERT
Sanitary Dental Office j
Maze Building
I BISBEE-DOUGLAS STAGE
WINTON SIX
Travel in luxury roomy, comfortable cars: carefut courteous drivera.
Leave Copper Queen Hotel, Bisbee and Gadsderf Hotel Douglas on the
hour commencing eight A. M. daily, via Lowell and Warren. Arrange
ments may be made for private parties and special trips.
MOTOR TRANSIT CO.
j Phone, Bisbee 98
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best ot everythina at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER ;
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Baggage and Transfer
Bisbee to Douglas
I am on the road hauling anything there Is to bs hauled.
Leave Douglas, Arizona, at 6 o'clock in the morning and leave
Bisbee at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. Leavs orders at Victoria
Hotel, Phone 54.
NO TRIPS SUNDAY.
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
LOWELL
J.B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
EYE NERVE GLASSES '
Permanently located
fit nt.K&A a.n.nt
V. f Mondays in Donglaa.
Room 1. Maze
Building.
DR. R. GLAZE. Neurologist.
Phona 156.
Residence Phone. Black 420.
O. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronag
PHONE 53
M. KEANE
High Class Tailor,
Airdome Theatre
Lowell, - Arizona
Phone, Douglas 343
PRICES REASONABLE
B. T. McGINNISS.
WE EXAMINE EVERY
BIT OF LUMBER
before allowing it to leave our
yards. For when we sell you
first class lumber we mean that
every piece of it must be of that
character. We don't mix grades
here. What you buy you get
with no baits to make culls look
first class and no culls to help
out the pro lit on the better
grades.
Company. inc
CAR STOP.
PHOist 2 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 29, 1917.
THREE
-Announcing Our Second-
J isMo 31 m n n
fc&zPy fpiSj k i
Bisbee and Lowell Stores
i Drug Department Specials
f. Hinds Honey and Almond Cream 39c
All Colgates Talcum Powder 15c
Sterling Talcum Powder, I lb. Cans 15c
v Jap Rose Talcum Powder, itegular size 15c
. Blue Seal Vaseline ...5c
"Barber Bar Soap '. 5c
Palmolive Soap 10c
Jap Rose Soap 10c
Jergens Bath Soap .'...10c
Jergens Glycerine Scap , 10c, 3 for 25c
Jergens Almond & Cocoa Soap 10c, 3 for 25c
Jergens Violet Glycerine Soap 10c, 3 for 25c (
Corduroy Jackets
Special at $3.95
A small lot of Corduroy jackets in colors of coral and
. Copenhagen blue. It is only by personal inspection that
.. you can gain a definite idea of their real value and how
desirable they are.
I Silk Petticoats $ 1 .75
THE UTMOST IN VALUE. Women desiring an in
expensive Silk Petticoat, we are sure, could not find a
better and more acceptable value. Shown in Taffeta
Silk, Satin and Crepe de Chine in all colors and black.
IJTrinimed Hats at $5,00
TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY. MAY" 29, 30, 31
This Month-end Sale is to be a calendar event with us, but you must not decide
from its regularity that it is at all commonplace. You will find that this sale has a most
potent force for well planned economics. There have been unusual preparations, but
it is with the results that you are chiefly concerned.
Latest Models Women's Wool Suits 25 Off
IRRESISTIBLE IN STYLES AND PRICES. In
this lot of over 100 suits, you will find the best
models that have been coming out this season. In
cluded are'Wool Poplin, Wool Jersey, Poiret Twill,
Men's Wear Serge, Wool Gaberdine, English Mix
tures and fancy striped woolen fabrics, adorned
with with braids, buttons and touches of embroid
ery with large cape collars of silk, belles as well as
plain and straight line tailored
models, many are copies of im- JH Ytt Cltf f
ported models in all staple J re l IB I I
shades, sport colors and black vvul
and white, special at
Women's Cotton Crepe
Kimonos-Special at $U9
Wonderfully lovely Crepe Kimonos in floral de
signs, with large collars and elastic belts in colors
of grey,' blue, pink, lavender and black, in sizes 36
to 42, exceptional values.
Represented are the indi
vidual ideas of the foremost
makers of millinery mode,
every turn of fashion is pre
sented in this collection. To
give adequate idea of this re
markable group each hat
' would have to be described,
For they've never been smarter nor more original in
designs, nor more Battering to wear. Entirely new ef
fects are achieved in trimmings No white hats inculded.
CHILDREN'S DRESSES 69c Ging
ham arid Percale Dresses for children from
4 to 1 4 years, medium in stripes and plain
combinations.
WOOL AND COTTON PLAIDS AT
79c yd. A material somewhat similar to
Beach Cloth, Plaids and stripes suitable
for separate skirts. Regular $1.00 yard
quality, special at the yard 79c.
WASHABLE CORDUROY, SPECIAL
AT 58c YD. Solid colors, Copenhagen,
Maize, Reseda,, and -Coral, regular 75c,
value Special at the yard 58c.
STAPLE CALICO, SPECIAL 7c YD.
Light colors, suitable for house wear,
aprons, and for children s clothes, espe
cially good for summer as it is light and
cool, special at the yard 7c.
COTTON SUITING SPECIAL AT 16c
YD. Fine Cotton Suiting in checks and
stripes, light weight .in Blue, Brown, and
Lavender, special at the yard 1 6c.
WOMEN'S CAMISOLES 95c Crepe
de Chine and Satin Camisoles in pink and
white, elaborately trimmed with lace inser
tion and edging; size 36 to 42.
HEMSTITCHED LINEN SQUARE
AND SCARFS, 89c EACH.
These are all linen, some of Irish and
some of heavy Austrian Linens. With a
little hand work they make excellent gifts..
Pure all linen is a very scarce commodity
at any price. These scarfs and squares
are wonderful values at 89c each.
DIAMOND RINGS
This special lot of
Diamond Rings can not
be duplicated in the
Warren District. They
were bought as a spe
cial purchase and are
exceptional values for
Economy Sale of
Hand Bags and Purses
A wonderful opportunity to secure hand bags and
purses at prices that cannot be duplicated. Our New
York office purchased from one of the leading manu
facturers their entire stock of sample bags, as well as a
collection of small lots and the ends of lines. The whole
special purchase was 600 bags, with Bisbee allotment of
1 250 bags, all of which will be on sale Tuesday and Thurs
' day. If you are likely to need a purse or bag within the
next six months, you will do well to take advantage of
this sale.
100 BAGS LOT 1 S9c EACH And just 1 00
' bags and purses to select from in black and colors, num
bers that would retail regularly for $1.25 to $1.75, spe
cial at 89c each.
60 BAGS LOT 2 $1.19 In this lot are 60
bags and purses in black and colors of leather and some
of silk, items that retail regularly at $1.75 to $2.00, spe
cial at $1.19 each.
LOT 3 24 BAGS $1.48 24 beautiful bags,
many high class novelties, bags that in our regular stock
have been selling from $2.25 to $3.00, special at $1.48.
LOT 4 SPECIAL $2.35 Fabric and leather
bags. They are distinctive styles, decidedly swagger.
They would sell, if bought in a regular way, at from
$3.50 to $6.00, special at $2.35.
LOT 5 SPECIAL $3.98 Only 18 bags in this
lot, but they are wonderful values, and will surely not
last long, bags that would sell regularly at $6.00 to
$10.00, priced conservatively, ssecial at $3.98.
Special Purchase
-Cretonne Pillow Covers and Table Runners, at the
prices you save about ONE HALF.
CRETONNE PILLOW COVERS SPECIAL 39c
EACH All made ready for the pillow, suitable for
porch and auto pillows.
TABLE COVER RUNNERS, SPECIAL 59c EACH.
Trimmed with lace and braid. Materials are the better
class of cretonnes and printed taffetas in Tapestry effects.
Women's Hosiery Special
WOMEN'S BLACK HOSE, SPECIAL 12l2 PAIR.
Black Seamless Cotton Hose all sizes. An unusual value
at the price.
WOMEN'S BLACK LISLE HOSE AT 23c PAIR
A light weight Lightly priced, good wearing hose, suit
able for summer wear.
BLACK AND WHITE FIBER SILK HOSE, SPE
CIAL AT 3 PAIRS FOR $1.00. Double Sole and Heel
in all sizes. A fine quality of boot-like hosiery.
HOT POINT ELECTRIC IRONS
$5.00 HOT POINT IRON
FOR $3.95. We have 300
of these irons that were pur
chased with the anticipation
of advanced prices. Com
mencing June the first thi3
iron
W T .
Unitec
This indeed is a rare opportunity to secure one of
these famous Hot Point Irons before the advance.
cing June the first thi3 f i
will sell all over the : ' U i j &
:ed States for $5.00. Mli
Jewelry and Watch Repairing Guaranteed praced at
7 Jewel Waltham Watches with 20 C f A
year gold filled case, exceptional value, I II
i
We m Close Registration Day, June 5, Instead of May 50, Memorial Day-Biske, Lowell, Warren
ALL MAJOR LEAGUE
Southern Association
(By Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO. May 28 Not a major
Jtajrue baseball game was played to
day,. Four contests In the National
League were called off because of
rain, and In the American League
rain also prevented the only scheduled
contest, the game between Philadel
phia and New York. It was the first
time In several years that the majors
faced a similar situation. Most of
the clubs will play double headers.
At Chattanooga 4; Birmingham 1.
At Little Rock 7; Mobile 9.
At Memphis 1; Atalaitta 2.
At Nashville-New Orleans, wet
prcunds.
American Association
At Minneapolis. 10; Kansas City, 3.
At St. Paul 4; Milwaukee 5.
At Louisville 3; Indianapolis 1.
At Columbus-Toledo, game post
poned, rain.
i INTERNATIONAL FOOTBALL
GAMES FOR RED CROSS.
Western Leegue
13;
At Pioux City:
Des Moines 4;
Pioux City 7;
Doule and Shahr; Gasper and
Crosby.
Other Western League ganr post
poned, rain.
! (By Review Leased Wire).
i BOPTON. May 28. The United
;Strtes Football Association today
2 , voted to arran.ee an international
3 ' series of association fotball games be
tween teams to be picked Irom play
ers in this country and Canada, the
entire proceeds to be given to the
Red Cross.
OF ILLEGAL DELIVERY
(By Review Leased Wire).
CHICAGO. May 28. After examin
ing baseballs used In recent games
by Pitcher Cy Falkenberg, of tht
Philadelphia club, and Pitcher Eddie
Cicotte, of Chicago, President John
son, of the American League, ruled
tonight that protests against alleged
Illegal delivery were without founda
tion. Clark Griffith, manager of the
Washington club, protested against
what he termed as the "shine" ball
used by Cicotte, and Manager Fohl,
of the Cleveland club, against the
"licorice" ball hurled by Falkenberg.
! Fohl and Griffith said the alleged tam
pering with the balls caused them to
jhop freakishly in their delivery.
SUNDAY BALL GAME
FULL OF THRILLS;
G. & A. TEAM WINNER
Plenty of excitement, and many
close plays, with thrlils galore, was
served up to the fans In the ball game
between the C. & A. and the Junction
Briggs nines Sunday afternoon.
The game finished with the C. & A.'s
the victor by a 9 to 6 score. By win
ning the game, the C. & A. continues
as the leader of the league, which po
sition it has held for the last few ses
sions. The game was featured by many
exceptional plays.. At a meeting be
tween the different representatives t
the teams last night it was decided
that, commencing June 9th. three
games Instead of two. as heretofore,
will be played each week, on Wednes
day. Saturday and Sunday. Steps were
also taken at the meeting to prevent
another recurrence of the trouble
which happened Sunday in which an
umpire was "mauled." Tomorrow aft
ernoon the C. & A. and the Copper
Queen teams will clash.
WAR CERTIFICATES ARE
POPULAR IN ENGLAND
LONDON. May 28. War savings cer-
'tificates, which can be bought at any
:post)ffice for 15 shillings and sixpence,
i yielding one pound sterling in five
years, are becoming increasingly popu
lar and are being purchased at the rate
of 1,500,000 a week. The total sold
I since February, 1916, Is considerably
'over 100,000.000.
Rfeview Want Ads Bring Results
SUGAR EXPERTS ORGANIZE
IN BRITISH EMPIRE
LONDON, May 28. A committee of
experts In Industries connected with
sugar throughout the British empire
has been formed by the Pociety of
I Chemical Industry, an Influential body.
tV Inquire into the question of provid
ing a supply which should render the
empire Independent of sugar from for
eign sources.
B?- A safe, do licious frf ) )
II- beverage for if yj
U thousands H
U who find that flt
III coffee cl!s2gre3s FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 29, 1917.
flTfc Sister StetUj 2&inw
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
" Stale Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
. Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Siond Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
4
Under" Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH S .75
THREE MONTHS ..; ..2.25
SEX MONTHS , 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter 75
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
PHONE NO. 39.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will et one promptly ry
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning tlie
Circulation Department. No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor If the irregularity of delivery Is reported
to the Circulation Department. Th,e Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
tional food administration, and give a pledge that she
will, so far as her means and circumstances permit,
carry out the Instructions which this department will give
l'.er In detail from time to time."
He believes that American women can thus be or
ganized into an efficient and intelligent economic army.
And he adds: "There is no service in this war on behalf
of our own country and our allies in which the women
ofthe country can so well enlist themselves as in this
service."
Here, then, is a simple, definite job for every Amer
ican woman who wants to "do her bit" in the war. Let
her agree to see that her own family shall "eat plenty,
wisely and without waste," and in furtherance of "this
end, to follow the instructions given her by the govern
ment experts.
w
Tuesday Morning, May 29, 1917.
LIBERTY LOAN BONDS PATRIOTIC AND SAFE.
The patriotic nature of an Investment in the Liberty
Loan Bonds of 1917 is something that all Americans will
consider. The fact that in purchasing such a bond the
investor is lending his money to his Government to his
country to prosecute a great war, gives the investment
a dignity that the ordinary investment does not possess,
The uses to which the money is to be put. the noble pur
poses to which it is to be devoted.all are things which
appeal more or less to the American heart.
But let no one be led by these considerations to look
on buying a Liberty Loan Bond as a piece of benevolence
or merely a contribution to a worthy cause. The LibertJ
Loan Bond is as good an investment as an American'
citizen can well make. The rate of interest it bears may
seem small, but when its absolute safety is considered
and the fact that it is nontaxable, and the further fact
that it is to be immune from any taxes which later on
may be levied by reason of this war, and still another
fact that in case the United States Government should
later during this war have to borrow more money and
pay a higher rate of interest, that the holders of these
bonds can secure bonds bearing that higher rate whei
all these things are considered, an investment in Libert!
Loan Bonds possesses advantages that no other invest
ment in the world possesses.
There is another point which wise and thoughtful peo
ple will give due consideration to and that is an invest
ment in Liberty Loan Bonds Is in investment in the de
fense and preservation of all their other property and all
they hold dear the preservation of their liberties. We
would be in danger, if all our citizens refused to lend
their money to the Government, of losing all that we have
our property, our liberties, and our national honor. It
has come to this, that we must fight for these things,
and to wage war in this day and times requires not only
men and arms but great sums of money.
' Subscribers to Liberty Loan Bonds are charter mem
bers of a society to maintain American honor and to
maintain democracy here and in other parts of the
world. Honor and interest, patriotism and business
judgment all argue the wisdom of an investment in
Liberty Loan Bonds.
DRAFTING CONVICTS.
There is a movement on foot in Germany to draft crim
inal into the army. It is urged that there are in the em
pire. 100,000 able-bodied convicts who might to serving
their country at the front. An association, headed by a
Hamburg minister, has been vigorously advocating the
step, and many newspapers express their hearty ap
proval. It is proposed to let the convicts enter the Kaiser's army
as a privilege. The best behaved would be taken first,
but eventually all able to endure the physical exertion ol
army life would be accepted, as a token of Christian for
giveness on the part of .society. .They would be utilized
for a while back of the lines, for heavy labor, and then
as they proved their merit would be "promoted" to the
firing line.
Modern warfare, of the sort for which Germany has
set the standard, seems peculiarly adapted to the tastes
of such recruits. If half of what we have read about the
invasion of Belgium, the recent retreat and the present
fighting t-an be credited, the criminals might easily find
at the front work quite congenial to their natures.
OlR FOOD MOTTO.
Herbert C. Hoover, the "national food administrator."
In one pithy sentence sweeps aside a lot of popular mis
conceptions regarding food economy.
"We do not ask." he says, "that the American people
should starve themselves, but that they should eat
plenty, wisely afld without waste."
We have always eaten plentifully. We have not eaten
wisely, if the traditional prevalence of dyspepsia in thin
country is any criticism. And everybody knows that we
have not eaten without waste.
Mr. Hoover says nothing about compulsion along th
lines indicated, but outlines a fine plan of co-operation
between his department and the women of the nation.
He recognizes that our food consumption is mostly in Un
hands of our women, and he seeks to enlist them as will
ing and capable aids in the great work of conserving the
nation's foodstuffs. He intends, he says, to propose a
plan by which every woman in control of a household
will be asked "to join as an actual, member of the ns-
OUT-DOOR HOUSEKEEPING.
"What can this club do toward making our city more.
beautiful?" was asked of Dr. Henry Turner Bailey, art-
lecturer from Boston, who had been addressing
Woman's City Club in a thriving town.
"Establish an out-door committee wkh a woman at the
head who shall say, 'Woe is me if I make not my city
beautiful,' "he replied. "Let the committee write to con
gratulate the citizen who makes his premises a delight to
the eye. Enlist the camera brigade and exhibit photo
graphs of the city's historical places, its many beauty
spots, its oldest and finest trees. This teaches people to
love them instead of passing by without seeing them
Work for good out-door housekeeping, and in five years
you may have the most beautiful city in America."
Out-door housekeeping is not so new an idea, but in
most places it's far from being well carried out. And
keeping indoor apartments spick and span while the side
walks are dirty, the streets covered with filth ready to
be carried into eyes and noses by every breeze that blow?
Isnt exactly sensible, it is?
And there's no reason at all why streets should not be
beautiful instead of ugly. Most towns have one "desir
able residence section," which is well-kept and pleasant
but they dwell under a sort of superstition, with no sort
of foundation in fact Cheap tenements can be built with
good lines, pleasant windows and window-boxes with
growing things, just as well as knocked up hastily by
anyone who can put bricks together. Tiny, inexpensive
houses may have well-kept, tiny yards and charming gar
dens, as well as dump-heaps of tin cans. Business
streets can just as well be a joy to the eye as a di scom
fort. The fact that a small ptore cannot afford the expen-
sive window-dresser of his metropolitan cousin is no rea
son why its windows should resemble junk-heaps.
Many of the large cities are showing films of their
best and worst places in the movie houses. That reaches
every citizen sooner or later with a vivid realization of
how bad his city is and good t may be.
It's all a queston of mental attitude. If we think , our
city has to stay dirty and ill-kept in spots, it will do so.
If we know it doesn't have to have any eyesores, it won't.
Bisbee might try it with profit.
(By Review Leased Wire).
Aside from the Austro-Italian the
ater especially .the southeastern sec
tor where the Italians are making
spirited efforts to break through thq
Austrian line toward Trieste, little
fighting of consequence is taking
place on any of the battle fronts. Ar
tillery duels continue between the
French and the Germans in the Cham
pagne region of France, while along
the front held by the British the op
erations are being carried out main
ly by small raiding parties. On the
pastern front the Russian artillery
fire against the Austrians is increas
ing in Intensity, probably presaging j
uie awasening 01 tne Kussians irora
their lethargy and the approach of
hostilities on a great scale.
On the Careo plateau, above the
head of the gulf of Trieste, the
Italians have smashed their way
across the Timavo river and captured
the village of San Giovanni, a scant
two miles northwest of Duino, a fash
ionable watering resort of the railroad
striking the gulf of Trieste and lead
ing into Trieste. Ten 9-inch guns fell
into the hands of the Italians when
they captured the village. The Aus
trian war office says that Sunday's
'attacks by the Italians near Janviano
were repulsed and that near Castag-
nivizza attempts at an advance by
the Italians failed."
British airmen are continuing to
operate extensively against the Ger
mans in France. Twelve German air
machines were destroyed in the fight
in the air Monday and , ten others
were sent to the ground out of con
dition.
Another machine fell victim to their
anti-aircraft guns. Three British ma
chines failed to return to their base.
Action by the Brazilian congress,
which would place Brazil on the side
of other powers fighting against the
Germans, still is awaited.
Meanwhile, the situation in Spain
with regard to Germany's illegal acts
toward that country continues to grow '
in intensity. Resolutions adopted by
great mass meeting of partisans of
the entente in Madrid have been pre
sented to the Spanish minister of
the interior. They assert that Spain
hould not remain isolated from the
European conflict but that she should
break off diplomatic relations witty
Germany and "accept all the conse-
quenches from the action which she is
compelled to adopt for the defense of
her dignity."
FLAGS AND SENSE.
A German merchant engaged in business in New York
City, in answer to criticisms directed at him for neglect-
ng to display an American flag, explains:
'I am a German subject If I were to raise an Amer
ican flag in front of my store it would of course be for
business reasons, and that would make me a hypocrite.
I think the flag should be respected more than that."
He is right. There should be no hypocrisy or profit-
making out of the flag. t is the symbol of patriotism,
of heartfelt and voluntary loyalty. It should be displayed
only by men and women to whom it means something.
It is wrong to Insist that aliens living in this country
should put up American flags. They are under no obliga
tion to do so. It is enough if they obey our laws and
lvoid treasonable or- discourteous acts and words. If
they choose to display our colors as evidence of good
will, so much the better. But they should not be badger
ed into hypocritical professions of loyalty by fear of busi
ness or social ostracism.
Treat them courteously, show .them the meaning of
American tolerance and freedom, give them time, and
eventually they'll all be raising the Stars and Stripes
The German merchant quoted has in him the making of
a good American.
HOW SOON?
By BRINK ERHOFF.
i w?rzz 7w 77751
j-Si fig a i KF,4r v siLy X -I
PLANT- IS DESTROYED
BY TERRIFIC BLAST
t
(By Review Leasecr Wire) j
OAKLAND, May 28. Two employes !
of the Giant Powder Company were I
killed today when .the nitro-glycerine
house at the company's plant near
Richmond blew up with an explosion '
hich was felt for a radius of twenty I
miles. The victims were Joseph .
Peters and James Donahy. !
Although the plant is engaged in
manufacturing munitions for the gov-;
ernment there is no suspicion on the
part of the company officials, they i
say, that the explosion was tne wont ,
of an alien enemy. ' !
Investigation showed that the two ,
men killed were the only ones in or ;
near the building destroyed when the
explosion occurred.
said to be slight.
The loss was
m
For
Graduation Gifts, Dainty,
Wrist Watches, Sterling Sil
ver and Gold Vanity Cases,
Beautiful Lavallieres, Gold
Mounted Fountain Pens and
a profusion of other depend
able merchandise at prices
which are consistent with
quality.
L. L. GILMAN
Your
Country
Yourself
BUY A LIBERTY BOND.
HELP
.NJ:H,i.-f. ' drf.l' HIS . 0 . . I. .
REORGANIZING SUFFRAGE LEAGUES.
The Ontario Equal Suffrage League has reorganized
under the name of The Ontario Citizens' League. It has
a new platform now, too, including various needed local
reforms.
This does not mean that the League has given up its
Interest in Equal Suffrage or that it considers it a laet
cause, rar irom hi wemoers 01 me iue no.c n
that their biggest 'work for suffrage is done. That cause
issured success now. So they have turned their en
ergies to a service that needs tuem, ana wntcn meir
suffrage work has fitted them for carrying out.
That has been one of the fine things in the women's
fight for the vote. They have learned muen auoui social,
economic and industrial problems. They are interested
In civic and national affairs. And they have learned how
to co-operate to attain their end.
It is probable that suffrage organizations in many
places will soon follow the example of the Ontario league
They will retain all their present machinery but use it
for other and more urgent purposes.
Secretary Lane, himself a Canadian by birth, says a
German victory over the entente would mean t!ial im;
Dominion would become a Prussian possesion, and. an
such, a constant menace to the Lnlted blaies. I nai
might come true, but it is only a rough guess; for a
tory by the kaiser is not even hoped for at Berlin.
Teutons are quite willing to call it a draw.
vlr-The
KrtHBMeS surprises
the world with its cfe
lidoass flaxw which
has been hiding in the
wiieatfcf
thousands
of years,
.-
Why You Should Subscribe
ToIThe liberty Loan"
BECAUSE your Government need your support your financial
support your moral support.
BECAUSE the Loan must be an overwhelming success it must
be fully subscribed to furnish the money needed it
must be oversubscribed to thoroughly discourage the
Enemy. .
BECAUSE every American is individually responsible for the
welfare of hit Country at this, the most critical time in
it history.
We urge the necessity of subscribing to the "Liberty Loan" now.
To delay your Duty is to joepardize the Honor of Your Country.
G
r WJ&ffC ..'-
. C?I7.K,T. . .. .
With Money
That's the way wealth has been gained ever since the
world started.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is making money for you with the four per cent
interest which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT
GROW!
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona.
Will E. McKee, President C. A. McDonald, Cashier
O. W. Wolf, Assistant Cashier.
THE DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 29, 1917.
FIVE
SCARBOROUGH AND
2 OTHERS ESCAPE
FROM STATE PRISON
Three Men Throw Rope Made
of Blankets Over Wall of
Penitentiary And Climb To
Liberty.
Advices have been received here
that George E. Scarborough, who was
convicted of murder in the second de
gree in the superior court at Tomb
stone last spring and sentenced to
serve a term of from ten years to Hie,
had made his escape from the peniten
tiary at Florence. Scarborough, it will
be remembered, rode up to the ranch
of John Clinton, near Hereiord, and,
calling the latter out to the gate, shot
him and then rode away. Scarborough
before he was taken to the penitentiary
from Tombstone, is said to have made
the threat that he would get out of the
penitentiary and would come back to
this county and kill his wife, who had
obtained a divorce from' him, and sev
eral witnesses who testified against
him.
With him when he made his escape
from the penitentiary on Friday .even
ing was one George Townsley, who at
one time was a resident of Cochise
county, living at Courtland, and a man
named Pitts. Townley was sent up
from Gila c'ounty. He made his escape
from the road camp near Higley a few
years ago with one John Oldham.
Townsley was recaptured working in
the zinc mines in Missouri and was
returned to the penitentiary a little
over a year ago. Oldham was caught
early this year In Texas and was taken
back to the prison less than three
months ago and he was among the
number who escaped at Clifton a few
days ago.
Scarborough and his companions
made their escape by making a rope
out of blankets and throwing jt over
the rear wall. The sheriff's office at
Tombstone.'up to a late hour last night,
had not received any word-as to
whether or not any of the tn'J had
been caught. Scarborough is said to
have been seen in this city Sunday.
SPECTACULAR PHOTO
DRAMA TO RE SHOWN '
AT ORPHEUM TODAY
Special Matinee of "Twenty
Thousand Leagues Under
The Sea" Will Be Given
This Afternoon.
The first presentation of the Uni
versal Film company's big spectacu
lar photo-drama, "Twenty Thousand
Leagues Under the Sea," in this city
will be made at the Orpheum today
and tomorrow. This dramatization of
Jules Verne's widely read novel has
been made at a cost of over a quar
ter of a million dollars and neces
sistated the services of 2,000 actors,
many of whom took their lives In
their hands when they went beneath
the surface of the ocean to play their
appointed roles. Many daring feats
were performed notably the explore.-1
tions of the deep while a school of
sharks hovered about. The doings
of Captain Nemo vividly described in
the fanious novel has been visualized
in this wonderful film drama.
A special matinee of this famous
film starts at the Orphenm theatre
at 1:15 o'clock this afternoon.
HUNDREDS WEEP AS '
SPEAKERS TELL OF
GERMAN ATROCITIES
(By Review Leased Wire).
EL PASO, May 28. Hundreds of
business men wept today when Dr.
Newell Dwight Hillis, 'of Brooklyn, N.
Y, pictured conditions in Belgium,
northern France and Serbia under Ger
man rule, and cheered wildly when Dr.
Hillis said: The kaiser sent a mes
sage to the sultan of Turkey saying,
'God bless you, my friend.
"If I was a layman, I would condemn
the sultan in forceful terms."
Dr. Hillis and Lawrence Chamber
lain, of New York, spoke at a public
meeting today which inaugurated Lib
erty Loan Week in El Paso. They were
entertained at a luncheon by the El
Paso business men before leaving for
Los Angeles on a tour of the southwest
in the interest of the Liberty Loan
campaign.
EVER SEE MISS COLUMBIA? WRITER IN
TABLEAU IMPERSONATES FAMOUS LADY
BISREE TENNIS TEAM '
WINS BIG PATRIOTIC
MATCH FROM DOUGLAS
The "patriotic" tennis match, the
first of a series, which was held at the.
Warren Country Club, between Bisbee
and Douglas, Sunday, resulted in favor
of the Warren District players by. t a
score of 9 to 4. Bisfcee won six out
of the nine matches played in singles,
and three out of the four doubles. Lieu
tenant Fatach, who was scheduled to
.play Poppen in the singles, wsa un
able to be present, and so only nine
single matches were played.
The entrance fees, amounting to $40,
went to the winning team and wilj be
turned over to the local chapter of
the Red Cross. The matches resulted
as fallows: McClellan, Douglas, de
fetted Gohring, Bisbee, Arthur Not
nian, Bisbee, defeated McGee. Douglas.
Wilson, Bisbee, won from Webster,
Douglas. Rich, Bisbee, defeated Cal
vert, Douglas. Sherman, Bisbee, de
feated Dye, Douglas. Moffett, Douglas,
defeated Pelton, Bisbee. Whitwell,
Bisbee, defeated Carey, Douglas. Pow
ell, Bisbee, defeated Packard, Douglas.
Morris, Douglas, defeated Rait, Bisbee.
Doubles results were as follows:
F'oppen and Gohring, Bisbee, defeated
' McLellan and Moffett .Douglas. Wil
son and Whitwell, Bisbee, defeated
Dye and Morris, Douglas. Sherman
and Rich defeated Carey and Calvert,
Douglas. Webster and McGee, Doug
las, defeated Notman and Belton, Bisbee.
MOVIE ASPIRANT IS
GIVEN CHANGE; SOON
FORGETS AMBITION
VILLISTAS REPORTED
ON WAY TO BORDER
A certain young lady aspiring to
be a motion picture actress had her
ambitions nipped In the bud during
the taking of the scenes of "The Evil
Eye," the thrilling Lasky production
which will be spen at the Central
theatre tonight, with the ever popular
star, Blanche Sweet, in the stellar
role. The young woman had pleaded
with Miss Sweet for a long time to
be given an opportunity to appear in
a scene. Finally Miss sweet securea
Director George H. Melford's permis
sion for her to appear as one of the
mob of superstitious Mexicans. She
was called to the studio at seven one
morning, traveling fifteen miles over
rough roads in a sight seeing truck,
sat around in the hot sun until four
in the afternoon when she was put
to work, and arrived back at the
i studio at eight that night. Since that
one strenuous day, Miss Sweet has
not seen the young lady, nor has she
been discovered around any of the
other studios. It is a Paramount
picture.
(By Review Leased Wire).
EL PASO, May 28. Government
agents received confirmation tonight
of a report that Francisco Villa and 200
of his followers was at La Muia Pass,
35 miles south of the border at Pre
sidio, Tex. A repVrt was received at
Ojinaga, opposite Presidio, that a band
of Villa troops bad reached the pass
! headed toward the American border.
I Extra precautions are now being taken
!to protect small border settlements
from attack.
INSANITY EPIDEMIC
IN COCHISE COUNTY
There seems to be an epidemic of
insanity in Cochise county since the
first of the year. There have been
twenty insanity complaints sworn out
in the Superior Court at Tombstone
end eighteen men and women have
been committeed to the state asylum
at Phoenix. Two examinations are
pending in the superior court. Dur
ing th'e past month there have been
eight examined, four of whom were
women. The number examined and
committeed so far this year exceeds
the total number committed for the
years 1915 and 1916. Among the
number committed this year have
been a number of Mexicans. Two
were taken up yesterday morning
from Tdmbstone. one of them was
brought from Willcox and the other
from Dos Cabezas.
Italians to Visit
The Central West
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, May 28. Official
and social Washington braved a driving
rain storm today to welcome the prince
of Udine and other members of the
Italian war mission at a formal re
ception given by Secretary and Mrs.
Lansing at the Pan-American building.
President Wilson and other high offi
cials attended.
During the day the prince accepted
an invitation to visit New York City,
and it became known that the mission
is contemplating a,trip to southern and
central western cities.
The first formal conferences of the
Italian visitors with American officials
began today with a discussion of the
shipping situation. ,
r
BRITISH IN SUCCESSFUL' r
RAID NEAR VERM ELLES
fir
"-- in v
N r)-
a f
L'e'cn S. Woodruff as Columbia.
Mrs. Helen S. WoodrulF, prominent in literary and social circles, if I;
.': ont rank of American women who have taken up war charities.
w
EES
HAT the banks in
Bisbee and Lowell
do in order to help
will
you buy a Liberty Bond.
We make no charge for buying the bonds.
Should you so desire', we will advance you
funds to buy the bonds upon the following
basis :
"SILENT JURY" TO
ATTEND TRIAL OF
MRS. RENA MOONEY
Huerta Will Go to
Capital of Mexico
(By Review Leased Wire).
MEXICO CITY, May 28. General
Salvador Alvarado. governor of Yuca
tan, arrived in Mexico City tonight.
It virtually is assured that be will en
ter the cabinet as secretary of com
munication. Gerzeyn Ugartc, now
private secretary to President Car
anza, will probably be sub-secretary
of communications and Adolfo Huerta,
now governor of Sonora, will succeed
Senor Ugarte in his present place.
General Pablo Gonzales is expected
to take charge of affairs in Yucatan.
Congress today refused to accept
the resignation of Victoria no Himan
cle. elected Judge of Supreme Court.
"SEND OVER ROOSEVELT"
IS PLEA FROM FRANCE
PARIS, May 23 (2 a. m.). Former
Premier Clemenceau, in an open letter,
appealed to President Wilson to send
over Colonel Roosevelt and "his com
panions." "We have learned that the first
American unit has arrived at the front
and with what zest general and pri
vates saluted the noble starred ban
ner." says the letter. 'However, you
should know, Mr. President, that more
than one stout ehevroned poilu lias
said to his comrade, in an astonished
voice:
"But where is Roosevelt? 1 don't
bee him'.'"
(Special to The Review.)
PRESCOTT, Ariz., May S. R. W.
Kramer, of Phoenix, w;s re-elected
state deputy of the Knights of Col
umbus at the tenth annual meeting
of the lodge hero today. Frank De
Sousa, of Phoenix, was elected ad
vocate; J. H. Downs, of Bisbee,
warden and E. J. Horn, of Frescott,
state treasurer. The next annual
meeting will be held in Phoenix in
Mpy, 191S.
New Mexico Women
Will Register Too
(By Review Leased Wire).
HEMING. N. M.. May 8. The
women's auxiliary of the state defense
council met here today and decided
to hold a registration of women on
(By Review Leased Wire).
LONDON, May 28 (10:28 p. m.).
The official report from British head
quarters in France toonight reads:
"We captured many; prisoners this
morning in a successful raid east of
Vermelles. A party of about 50 of Uie
enemy attacked on our small posts
northeast of Ypres. One of the garri
son Is missing.
"There was considerable activity on
both sides south of the Scarpe and
in the Ypres sector. Reconnaisance
and bombing raids were continued ac
tively by our aeroplanes. A large num
ber of fights occurred, in which twelve
machines were destroyed. Ten, others
were driven out 'of control". One other
ohstile machine was shot by our anti
aircraft guns. Three of our airplanes
are missing."
(By Review Leased Wire)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 28. With j
nine men sworn In and two tenta
tively accepted subject to peremptory
challenge it was expected that the
jury to: try Mrs. Reua Mooney for
the bomb murders .here last July
would be completed r tomorrow. . An
sickness and consequent postpone-1
ment will be placed on the panel. ;
One of the temporary jurors, Paul
Hostler, is a union labor man. As '
the prosecution used up its last per-
emptory challenge, J. S. Downey, who ;
left the employ of a railroad company .
on strike call, it was believed would i
be accepted.
Superior Judge Emmet Seawell,
presiding, and Assistant District At- 1
torney Louise Ferrari, prosecuting for :
the state, both declared today tnat j
they would have no objections to the I
"silent jury" of labor men to be ap- I
pointed by the Central Labor Council ,
of Oakland, California, attending the ;
alternative juror
to , guard
against i trial.
Say you wish to obtain a $ 1 00.00 bond. If
you will pay $25.00 down, the balance may be
paid in monthly installments, rate of interest
to be the same as the bonds 3 J2 per cent.
We will allow you interest on your sav
ings account up to the time of withdrawal.
In the event you wish to dispose of your
bonds, we will act for you in selling same with
out charge. They will be listed on all stock ex
changes and should have a broad market.
REMEMBER
These bonds will be convertible for any
subsequent Government Bond issue, par for
par, which may be issued, if the later issue bears
a higher rate of interest than 3 J2 percent. They
are free from Federal, State and local taxes.
Bonds in denominations as low as $50.00.
Brides of 35, 38 and even 40 are
becoming' piore numerous year by
year. . Late or postponed marriage
is a serious handicap to motherhood
because of changes in the birth
canals. But the period may be
passed in safety if proper care and
attention is rendered.
"Mother's Friend," which is ap
plied by the mother-to-be herself,
relieves the strain always exjeri
enced when the abdomen expands.
"Mother's Friend" has a softening,
nenetratins effect The breasts are
:;ept in good condition.
Thousands of women, who have
used "Mother's Friend" during their
period of expectancy testify to its
beneficial effects and many refer
to ks ralue in relieving' the morning-
sickness so prevalent during
pregnancy.
Obtain a bottle from your drug
gist today and begin its use imme
diately. A valuable book for expectant
mothers will be sent free. Send
name and address to Bradfield Reg
ulator Company, Dept. J, 394
Atlanta, Oa.
WAR INSURANCE
Loss or damage, caused by WAR, RIOT, INSURRECTION. IN
VASION, BOMBARDMENT, (by aerial craft or ethewisc), and other
hazards incident to WARFARE, is now Insured against under a new
form of insurance called WAR COVER. We are prepared to furnish
this protection to property owners, written by the most reliable In
surance companies of the world. Rate for this form are surprisingly
low dwellings as low as 52c per hundred dollars.
WAR IS IMMINENT! Protect your property while you eai get
this WAR COVER. You may not be able to get it after the actual
fighting has begun. ACT NOW!
ARIZONA INSURANCE AGENCY
Phone 190 T. A. Hughes, Mgr. Box 1191
Bank of Bisbee Building.
RECOVER 13 BODIES FROM
WRECKAGE AT BIG PLANT.
(By Review Leased Wire).
LOXDOX. May 29. 6:40 a. m. A !
Reuter dispatch from Amsterdam
quotes a message from Vienna as
saying .that thirteen bodies have
been recovered from an ammunition
factory at Bolovec. Bohemia, which
was destroyed by fire last week. The,
dispatch adds that it is feared fifty
more persons were buried beneath the.
ruins. Many persons were injured.
The fire caused several explosions.
I
Will Use flro&n 1
i J
SECOND DESCENDANT OF , '.
FARRAGUT ENLISTS IN NAVY
Bv Review Leased Wire)
MOBILE, Ala., May 2S. The second
descendant of Admiral Farragut of
Civil War fame, to enlist in the navy
in the last two weeks enrolled today
as an apprentice". Hq is lovel D.
Farragut. aged 18, of rascagouel.
Miss., a Ereat-Krand-nephew of the ad
miral. Wallace L. Farragut, of West j a
roim. ftiiss., aiso a greai-granu-nep-iew
of the admiral enlisted as an apprent
ice seaman.
THIS
GAS RANGE
OAS RANGES
In Her Lecture Demonstrations
ARTILLERY ACTIVITY IN
CHAMPAGNE REGION
(By Review Leased Wire).
PARIS, May 28. The official com-1
June fifth, the date of the registration munication tonight reads:
of men under the selective draft act. "In Champagne the artilelry contin
A petition was addressed to the gov-iued to display activity on all hides.;
ernor asking that all idle and lazy Spirited grenade fighting took plare i
men be arrested and put to work on. In the region of Teton. There is n'.itli
the farms. ,ing to report elsewhere. j
Business men hcrt' today subscribed 1
$3,000 toward a $5.0oo fund which will) GENERAL STRIKE IS '
TUESDAY MORNING
SHORT METHOD BREAD
WAR BREAD
CORN BREAD
CELERY AND NUT LOAF
LUNCHEON TOMATOES
TUESDAY AFTERNOON
PASTRY
ORANGE NUT PIE
CARMEL PIE
ENGLISH CHEESE CAKES
BANBURY TARTS
STRAWBERRY DUMPLINGS
be added to the Jil.oou state appropria
tion to aid farmers in the county to
stimulate production 'during the war
period. The money will he used
purchase beed. feed aud fuel oiL
CALLED IN MONTEVIDEO J
i
MONTEVIDL'O. May 28. A general j
to! ttrike, affecting all the workers in tli?
city, was ordered here today.
Bisbee I
mprovement Co.
!Tffr.f1TlW!V'I'u fKVK?.
i SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 29, 1917.
Mrg3BiMMMMMMaMapgMOMMaMaaaaa
Mining and Financial News
BY TCVIEW LEASED WIRE
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. May 28. Higer quota
tions at the outset of today's active
diversified dealings met with exten
sive realizing for profits and renewed
opposition by he ( shorts. In conse
quence, few if any of the more im
portant gains in industrials and, spe
cialties were retained, some of those
issues finishing at moderate net
losses.
The approaching holiday Induced
closing out of long lines by traders.
United States Steel once more set the
pace, both on the rise and decline,
advancing to the new record of 135.
from which it reacted to 132 and
closed at 132U. net loss of 1.
Equal reversals were registered by
less distinctive issues.
Much of the nnderlving strength
was furnished by rails. Important
Issues of that description were in
demand at extreme advances of one
to 24 points. Improvement in rails
coincided with the publication of a
number of April returns. Southern
Pacific made an especially rood show
Ins, gaining almost 11.500.000 in net
Metals were under pressure most of
the time. Utah making an abrupt de
cline of three points, others of that
clns sfalling 1 to 2. Total sales,
1.330.000 shares. .
Bonds were uneven on light offer
ings. Total sales, par value, $2,280,
000. TJ. S. bonds were unchanged on
cell.
Chicago iGrains.
CHICAGO. May 28. Likelihood of
a record breaking big corn yield this
season had much to do with sharp
declines in prices of corn and wheat
today. The market closed heavy for
wheat with values 1 to 6 cents net
lower at 205 for July and 18 for
September. Corn furnished 74 to 5
down, oats unchanged to higher
and provisions off five to 25 cents. )
General rushes to sell on the part
both of longs and shorts brought
down corn prices in a hurry. The)
greatest smash of values was in the
July delivery, which made extreme
descent of n. Aggressiveness on
the bear side was accompanied by
v-l'ta.tnraafl oaoWionS tt. with a
Allen's Foot-Ease for the .Troops,
Many in com boapltala bare ordered Allen
Toot Eae, the antiseptic powder, for nee among
the troop. Shaken into the ahoea and aprinkled In
the foot-bath, Allen'a Foot-Eaae give real and
comfort, takea the friction from the etaoe, and
prevent the feet getting tired or footsore. Druf
and JVparmimt stores everywhere soli it, Sic
, ..- - . .-... "Vr it to-day.
continuance of existing favorable
weather conditions the 1917. crop
would surpass all previous known totals.
Wheat showed a little more activ
ity than has been the rule of late,
but the amount was puny alongside
the huge volume of business isn corn.
British advices reported less appre
hension regarding supplies. Ia addi
tion there was decided optimism heret
concerning the outlook, for the grow
ing domestic crop.
Indications pointed to good export
demand for oats.
Optiona on July delivery also
seemed to be in request for European
account. On the other hand crop re
port swere excellent. Provisions fell
with corn and hogs.
Metal Market
NEW YORK. May 28. Lead firm
11V bid; Spelter quiet, spot East St
Louis delivery 9V at 9.
Copper firm; electrolytic, spot and
second quarter 31 33; third quar
ter and later deliveries, 28 31.
Bar silver 74.
(By L. J. Overlook)
NEW YORK, May 28. While the,
absorptive capacity of the market
judging by. its action today is a cre
ditable one, still it may be some
time before influential sales can be
digested in a way that allow for
prices to gain access to higher range.
Michigan Verde!
TODAY 35 CENTS
JUNE 1st 50 CENTS
THE MICHIGAN VERDE, COM
PRISING 535 ACRES OWNED BY
DEED. IN THE HEART OF THE
FAMOUS BILLION DOtLAR CIR
CLE OF THE JEROME DIS
TRICT TODAY STANDS SU
PREME AS THE BEST LOCATED.
THE MOST PROMISING JUNIOR
COPPER BEING OFFERED TO
THE PUBLIC AT ANY PRICE.
MICHIGAN VERDE
ADJOINS THE PROPERTY OF
THE FAMOUS UNITED VERDE.
WHICH HAS PAID DIVIDENDS
TO OATE OF OVER $41,000,000.00
AND IS ESTIMATED TO HAVE
ORE RESERVES OF ABOUT
$500,000,000.00.
MICHIGAN VERDE
ADJOINS THE PROPERTY OF
THE UNITED VERDE EXTEN
SION. THE WONDER COPPER
MINE OF THE WORLD. WHOSE
STOCK HAS ADVANCED FROM
15 CENTS TO AROUND $40.00
PER SHARE DURING THE PAST
THREE YEARS.
MICHIGAN VERDE
HAS A HUGE ACREAGE FOR
A HIGH GRADE DISTRICT, HAS
A LOW CAPITALIZATION: HAS
SIXTY PER CENT OF ITS CAP
ITAL STOCK IN THE TREASURY
FOR DEVELOPMENT PUR
POSES: HAS EVERY INCH OF
ITS 535 ACRES DEEDED
STRAIGHT TO THE MICHIGAN
VERDE COPPER COMPANYfAND
UNDER OUR CONTRACT WE
ARE NOT OFFERING FOR SALE
ANY POOL RIGHTS AGAINST
OWNERSHIP OR PROMOTION
STOCK.
MINERS
EMPLOYED IN THE NORTH
WEST STOPES OF THE UNITED
VERDE MINE HAVE IMADE THE
UNQUALIFIED STATEMENT
THAT THE ORE BODY IN
WHICH THEY ARE WORKING
WAS HEADED DIRECTLY FOR
THE PROPERTY OF THE
MICHIGAN VERDE
A ND JEROME MINERS
BOUGHT 90 PER CENT. OF THE
MICHIGAN VERDE STOCK THAT
HAS BEEN SOLD. WHY? BE
CAUSE THEY BELIEVE AS WE
DO. THAT MICHIGAN VERDE
TODAY STANDS SUPERIOR AS
THE BEST UNDEVELOPED COP
PER PROPERTY IN THE JER
OME DISTRICT.
BUY TODAY AT 35 CENTS
AFTER MAY 31ST 50 CENTS
Frederick OverfieJd, Agent.
Office With I. W. Wallace No.x7
Main Street
BISBEE, ARIZONA.
WESTERN COPPER SYNDICATE
PJHOENIX. ARIZONA.
NEW YORK.
Anaconda
American Can
American Car
American Locomotive . . .
American Smelter
American Sugar
Atchison
Baltimore & Ohio
Baldwin
Chesapeake & Ohio
Colorado Fuel & Iron ..
Canadian Pacific
Crucible Steel
Central Leather
Distillers
Erie
Goodrich
General Motors
Industrial Alcohol
Marine
Marine Pfd-
Maxwell
Mexican Petroleum
Midvale
New York Central
Northern Pacific
Pennsylvania
Reading ...
Republic Steel
Rubber
Studebaker
Steel
Steel Pfd ,
St Paul '
Southern Pacific
Union Pacific
United Fruit
U. S . M
Westinghouse
BOSTON
Adventure
Allouez
. Arizona Commercial . . . .
Alaska
American zinc
Butte Superior
Calumet & Arizona ... .
Calumet &Hecla
Copper Range
Chino Copper
East Butte
Granhy
Greene Cananea
Coldfield
Hancock
Indiana
Inspiration
iKennecott
, Keweenaw
Lake
LaSalle :
, Miami
Mohawk
Mayflower
Nevada
I North Butte
jNipissing
Old Dominion
Osceola
Pond Creek
, Quincy
84
51
73
73
104
112
102
72
63
60
53
152
79
93
16
25
53
111
137
30
84
51
97
63
92
103
52
95
90
58
86
132
119
76
95
138
138
61
54
3'A
64
13
5
35
, 46
82
555
63
-58
13
84
44
50
15
2
63
48
2
13
3
40
90
2
25
22
7
62
90
24
91
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
AND
Hainan
Stocks
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
Ray Consolidated
Shattuck Arizona
Shannon
Superior Boston
St. Marys
Utah Copper
Utah Consolidated '
Winona
CURBS
Arkansas & Arizona
Austin Amazon ,
Big Jim
Big Ledge
Butte & London
Bisbee Copper
Calumet & Jerome
New Cornelia
Crystal ... . . . .
Consolidated Arizona ,.. . .
Consolidated Copper Mines
Denn Arizona
Dundee Arizona
Emma
Fed. Oil
Fortuna
Gadsden
Creen Monster
Grand Island
Howe Sound ...
Mull Copper
Inspiration Needles
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Magnate
Miami Consolidated
Monster Chief
Pittsburg Jerome ...
Ray Hercules
Santa Rita
Tom Reed
United Eastern
United Western ... .
Verde Extension
Verde Combination
Wolverine Arizona
30
2S
5
82
114
17
18
1
72
3
22
1
16
88
2
5
1S
IVi
5
10
2
1U
20
6
33
1
1
47
88
12
3
187 .
420
2
36
1
" OATMAN
(By Collins & Breherton)
Bid
Argo ...
Adams
Arizona Rex
Ariz-Tom R 04
Big Jim 72
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy 04
Merry Widow
Oatman Combination ....
Funnyside ... . . U
Telluride
Tom Reed 1-87
United Eastern i,20
United Northern 03
United Western 02
Red Lion
INDIAN URGES PALE FACES TO ENLIST
' w -
ft jAk
x-
ovlc appeal.
Chief Eajrle Horse of Southeast
: ;ka. in a recruiting speech to a
larjfe throng in front of the New
l v, K l'.:b!ic i.ihraiy m iJe a stirring
:i feal to the white man's patriotism.
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden 2.00
Green Monster 125
Butt London . . . 22
Dundee 87
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome 50
Jerome Verde 1-75
Ark-Arizona 18
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles .. .) . 12
Hull Copper "-33
Magma Chief .25
Wolv-Arizona 1-75
Miami Mother Lode
Verde Combination 50
Miami Consolidated 12
Bisbee Copper 50
Butte Arizona
Santa Cruz Bisbee
Jerome Daisy
Nacizari Consolidated ...
Verde Apex
Calumet Oil
Ask
.06
.05
.25
.75
.05
.15
.10
.06
.12
.20
1.88
4.40
.07
.03
.20
2.06
1.37
.24
1.00
.10
.75
1.87
.22
.43
.25
.38
.37
2.00
.50
.62
.15
.62
.05
.27
.50
.42
.20
.32
RUSSIA TOTTERING
ON THE VERGE OF
ECONOMIC DOWNFALL
(Continued From Page One)
ment of 13.000.000 rubles normally
$6.500,000 to cover an increase of
15 kopecs an hour for extra workmen,
since the beginning of the war. The
directors of the organization com
municated with the government and
asked to be placed under voluntary
arrest as protection agsinst the eats
of the workmen. The directors were
for tfo days housed in the ministry
of Justice. , The government finally
informed the directors that the mat
ter would be considered, and with
the demand of the workmen he'-"
--"rily in abeyance, the direr'
-r returend to the factory.
An eieht hour daw has become ef
fective in, all factories. According to
the estimate of a leading manufact
urer, the outmit of these factories
has suffered an average
He explained that these factories
were confronted with n ''"nr-"
-r.r?! of raw materials and with
bankruptcy.
Money Scarce.
Not only have the prices of prod
ucts not met the advance in wages,
but payment has been so low tha the
Industry is in urgent need of work
ing capital. The dealersfl nd it dif
ficult to borrow money, as the banks
naturally are not eager to extend
credit to factories which are in con
trol of temporary workmen's commit
tee. As a result some of the facto
ries, according to this Information,
will be compelled toe lose within a
month.
An ironical featnre of the difficul
ties confronting the employers Is the
fact that although suffering serious
loes, they do not dare to close their
establishments, owings to threats of
bodily and material vengeance. The
power of the workmens' committees
SANDS JURY UNABLE
TO REACH VERDICT
(By Review Leased Wire).
EL PASO. May 28. The jury in the
case of W. B. Sands, on trial charged
with the murder of Sergeant Owen
Bierne, Twenty-third infantry, reported
at 3:45 this afternoon that it had been
unable to agree and was apparently
hopelessly deadlocked. District Judge
W. D. Howe instructed the jury to
again retire and make another effort
tj reach a verdict Up to 9 o'clock to
night no further report had beA received.
Sands, who is a Texa3 arnger, is
charged with killing Sergeant Bierne
in an El Paso saloon which the ser
geant, who was on provost guard duty.
had entered to quell a disturbance in
which another soldier was involved.
The tragedy occurred September 21
last
The case was given to' the jury at
3:25 Saturday afternpon.
ANOTHER TAX IS
IMPOSED ON BELGIANS
(By Review Leased Wire).
HAVRE, May 29, (1:20 a. m.)
The German governor-general of Bel
gium. Baron ven Falkenhausen, has
imposed a supplementary war tax of
10.000,000 francs on the Belgians.
With the new tax the money alto
gether exacted from the Belgians
amount to 720,000,000 francs.
FINAL ARGUMENT ON
CENSORSHIP COMPLETED.
(Bv Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON". May 28. Final and
complete agreement on the admin
istration espionage bill, including the
newspaper censorship provision as
re-drafted Saturday was reached by
the senate and house conferees.
Their report will be submitted tomor-
j MACHINISTS TO STRIKE
AT BIG SHIP PLANT
KANSAS DEFENSE COUNCIL
OFFERS TO SETTLE STRIKE
t
' (Bv Review Leased Wire).
PITTSBURG. Kan.. May 28. The
Council of Defense has offered its ser
vices in brinefng about a speedy set
tlement of strike which called 2.500
men from Crawford County coal mine3 no NEW YORK PAPERS
today. The production of the mines i on MEMORIAL DAY
approximates 50.000 tons a day. - The;
lathers instantly1
Puts Roses In Your Cheeks
A pretty skin the evidence of cleanliness and
glowing health distinguishes the woman who uses
ISMBanMaMajaMwaMaMaMMj
The perfect soap for toilet bath and shampoo.
Fragrant, cleansing and refreshing. Large cake 10c,
at leading Druggists and Grocers.
.Use but little It's all lather
Tor Free Sample Write larr.a S. Kiik & Company, Dtrt-1917 Chicago U. S. A.
REGULATIONS FOB
u rnnu
INIUi. mufti
DRAFT PREPARED
(Continued From Pa5e One)
Lemons Whiten and
Beautify the Skin!
Make Cheap Lotion
they purpose to claim exemption.
"The act establishing the selective
draft authorizes the president to ex
clude or discharge from the draft,
'ail those in a status with respect to
persons dependent upon them for
support which renders their exclu
sion or discharge advisable.' "
(Rv Review LeHd Wire!
NEWFQRT XEWS, Va.. May 28.
i Machinists employed by the Newport
News Ship Buildins and Dry Dockl
Company decided tonight they would
strike tomorrow because yard officials
rejected demands for a wage increase.
The plant Is buildinp about $S0.
000,000 worth of naval supplies.
miners demand compensation for the
loss of powder and time caused by
the failure of shots where mechanical
shot-firers are used.
MORMONS TO PURCHASE .
LIBERTY LOAN BONDS
ffrte of Ohio. C'.t of Toledo. I
Lucas County. f
Frank J. Cheney makes oatlt that he H
senior partner of the firm of F. J. Cheney
Co.. doins business in the City of To
ledo, County and State aforesaid, and
tliit said firm will rv tne sum of ONE
HUNDRED DOLLARS for ea h and ev
ery case of Ca'arrh that rinnot be cured
by tin) use of HALL'S CAT.UIKH CURE.
FRANK J. CUKN':V.
Sworn to before me nnd subsrribi'd In
my pn-ence, this 6th day of December,
A. D. 18.
(Seii) A. VT. OLE A SO V.
Notary Public.
Hair Catarrh Cure Is taken Internr.lly
and acts dlrectlv uoon the blood and mu
cous surfaces of the system. Send fo
testimonials, free.
F. J. CHF-XfTT CO . Toledo. O.
Sold bv all lniir!Tlts. 7Se.
Take Hall's FamMv Pills fur eonstlpatlsn.
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY.
(Tly Heviow Leased WIr).
SALT LAKE CITY. Ftah. May 28.
The Utah-Idaho Suear Company, in
which the Mormon church is interest
ed, entered its suhscriDtion tcday for
?50.000 of the LIherty bond issue.
The Mormon church as an oreaniza.
tion will not suhscribe.iut every cor
poration and bank in .which flie church
"It T?"viow Lonsed Wire.)
NEW YORK. May 28. The Even
ins newspapers of New York have de
cided not to publish any editions on
Memorial Day. The purpose of this
step Is the conserving of white paper, j
nnd it Is estimated that it will result
j In a savins of 2. tons. j
i SPLIT IN SOCIALIST
i PARTY IS HEALED
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
for light housekeeping. . 27 Claw
son Ave. 351
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Ttie juice Vt two treau lemons
strained into a bottle containing three
ounces of orchard white makes a
whole quarter pint pi the most remark
able lemon skin beauticer at about the
cost oifj must pay for a small Jar of
the ordinary cold creams. Care
should be taken to strain the lenAin
juice through a fine cloth so no lemon
pulp gets in, then this lotion will keep
fresh for months. Every woman nows
that lemon juice is used to bleach and
remove such blemishes as freckles,
sallowness and tan and is the ideal
skin softener, smc'othener and beauti
fier. .'
Just try iti. Make up a quarter pint
of this sweetly fragrant lemon lotion
and massage it daily into the face,
neck, arms and hands. It should nat
urally help to whiten, soften, freshen,
and bring out the hidden roses and
beauty of any skin. If Is wonderful
for rough, red hands.
Your druggist will sell three ounces
of 'orchard white at little cost and
any grocer will supply the lemons.
We are paying good prices
for hides.
ARIZONA JUNK CO.
Lowell, Arizona.
You tkd M Suffer From Catarrh
fTIv Review Leased WireV ;
PARIS. May 29. (1:15 a. m.) The
Inn? standing split In the French So
cialist party was healed at a meeting
of the national council today. Tr.ei
is interested will beVged to invest 1 irity faction withdrew Its oppoM-
liberally in the loan.
NUMBER OF PASSENGER
TRAINS TO BE REDUCED.
(Ry Review Leased Wire).
DALLAS. May 2S. Reduction of
the number of nassencer trnins In the
southwest so the crews and motive
powers of the roads miebt be conserv
ed and used by the 1'nited States pov
ernment in transnortincr troons, mu
nitions end foodsuffs was being con
sidered here todav behind closed
doors by 45 officials of southwestern
and western railways.
holm conference certain conditions
which were agreed by the minority.
150 STUDENT .AVIATORS
GO INTO TRAINING
You have probably been in tae habit
of using external treatments to relieve
your catarrh. You have applied sprays,
washes and lotions to the mucous sur
faces of the nose and throat, have
been temporarily relieved, and iien
wondered a short time after, why you
were troubled with another attack of
catarrh.
You should realize that catarrh is
an infection of the blood. This fact
has been agreed upon by specialists
in catarrh troubles, and has been
proven in the k&oratories f the Swift
Specific Co. S. S. S, which was dis
covered over fifty years ago, will
cleanse your blood of the catarrhal
poUons and will thereby relieve yon
of the dripping in your throat, the
sores in your nostrils, spitting, hawk
ing and bad breath.
All druggists carry S. S. S, and
the physicians of our Medical Depart
ment will cheerfully answer any let
ters which you may write them in
regard to your case. Sift Specific
Co, S05 Swift Building, Atlanta, Ga.
so farh as superseded the authority
of the owners. No man in a factory
can be dismissed without the con
rent of the committees. Th'ere Is no
way of enforcing discipline, said one
manufacturer, and Idleness is prevalent.
Not Easily Satisfied.
(Ry Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON. May 2S. The sec
end lots of 150 student aviators for
the army went Into training today at
the schools which are aiding the gov
ernment in building up the corps. The!
War Department Issued a statement
today saving that men still are needed
for this work.
TO INCREASE CAPACITY
OF TRAINING STATION
(By Review Leased Wire).
CHICAGO. May 28 Captain Will
lam A. Moffatt. commandant at the
Great Lakes Naval Training Station
at Lake Bluff, returned from Washing
ton today wilh plans to increase the
canaeitr of the station to 27.000 men.
President Kutler, of the Union of ; This will make it the largest training
Trade and Industry at a recent con-1 station in the world, he said.
ference of the council of ministers j
said that In IS meal establishments CORONERS' JURIES TO
BE ORDERED REDUCED
in the Donets district, wilh a capit
alization of 195,000,000 rubles and
annual profits of7 5.000.000, the work- (rtv Review Leased Wire).
men had demanded anin crease of LONDON. May 28 When the bill to
reed to 64.000.ono but the workmen j reduce, during the war, the number of
refusedt o accept this. ! jurors at coroners' inquests fim
In some of the works, according to twelve to seven, is pased by parlia
the statement or a representative of ! ment. teh lark of uniformity in the
the union, the owners decided to cede Tnglish jury system will be marked,
all the profits to he workmen But 'a jury In the royal courts of Jurtice
even this did not meet their demands, i will consist' of twelve, a Country court
The demands in the southern Rus- ijury of eight and a coroner's Jury of
sian factories amount to 800,000.000 , seven.
rubles. If these demands are met.
Iron and coal would have to rise to
unheard of prices.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULT3
TO THE EAST
May 15 and daily to September 30th. Final return,
limit October 31sL
TO CALIFORNIA
Daily to September 30th.
vember 30th.
Final return limit No-
"THE LODGE" CLOUDCROFT
Opens May 15th. Special round trip fares on sale
daily to Sept. 15th. Final return limit Sept 30th..
Low round trip fares will be in effect providing
liberal stopovers Diverse Routes. -
Ask your agent for full partidars. He will glad
ly help you plan your trip and make your Pullman
reservations.
Or Address,
GARNETT KING,
General Pass. Agent, El Paso, Texts. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 29, 1917.
SEVEN
y
Review Want Ads
Advertisement under tbif iead at toe race of 1 cen per word for eact
'2a wit a ininimnm charge of 25 cent?. Adtertlse-ente mnjst reach Tu
ftertew office not Inter than 4 p. at. for Insertion tn the next morning paper
Wanted
WANTED Girl for general house-1
work. Must go home nights. Phone
Green 647.
331'
WANTED Competent woman for gen
eral housework. Must be good cc'ok.
Phone 608. 337
WANTED Nursing, by practical
nurse. Call 191 Temby Ave. 208
WANTED To rent, small sleeping
room in Tombstone Canyon. G. B..
care Review. 187
WANTED Girl for general house
work. Apply 21 Quality. Phone 17.
143
WANTED Plain or fancy sewing, by
fashionable dressmaker. Men's shirk,
a specialty; work guaranteed. 102
Higgins HilL 904
WANTED Wtrk, a much needed in
dustry. Henry Wilkins, profession
al auto washer and polisher at Lo
well Motor Co prepared to do first
class work. Phone 738 678
WANTED Man to work on' ranch.
Brophy's Stables, LowelL 231 1
WANTED By gentleman, good fur
nished room; good location. H. G.,
care Review. 3o
For Sale.
FOR SALE One sanitary couch, one
heating stove, one kitchen table, one ,
layette, never used. Must be sold to- j
day. Phone Blue 298 or write Box
1623.
294
FOR SALE: Nearly new
make piano. A bargain.
"Piano, care Review.
standard
Address
347
FOR SALE iA good pack burro
and i
colt, cheap. Apply 76 Laundry HilL
Phone 611.
346
FOR SALE Suit order shop. Few completely furnished for housekeep
hundred dollars will handle it; must I ing; front and back porches. Inquire
sell at once.
ti 4 TMAn4-n.M. t:. not n !
Investigate.
BOx 2310, j
Bisbee.
287
FOR SALi: Ten-room house, lot and
furniture; lot 50x100 feet, four i
porches, screened; large cellar; i
house insured till 1919; $1,600 cash.
Inquire Nat.Onal Grocery Co., John-J
son Addition. Phone 703. 327 .
FOR SALE 320 acres good farming j
land, all under fence; two f A) wing
wells; houses and all tools. Inquire
Box 145, or W. F. Cowan, at Bank j
of Bisbee. 895 t
FURNITURE FOR SALE The John
Bon Addition Furniture Co. wants
to pay you the highest cash prices
for your second h&nd furniture. Al
so wants to trade or exchange you
new furniture- for your old. We will
sell you furniture cheaper than
anybody on easy payments. Call FOR RENT Two rooms, furnished
in at tie big brick building at the; or ht housekeeping or batching;
Johnson Addition and let us show i n children. 28 Montana St, John
you our large and selected stock or"1 80" Addition. . 268
house furnishings, or phone as at
our store. Phone 385, Johnson Ad-
dition. .
FOR SALE 1 rtKm bouse and sleep
ing porch in Warren with all mod-
' ern conveniences. Chicken house
and garage. Terms. Address Box
326, Bisbee, or Phone Red 754 (645)
FOR SALE Lunch counter
good business; trial gived.
Review.
doing
S. RJ
231 1
FOR SALE AT SACRIFICE Or ex-
change for auto, mining stock, or
Salt River Valley property, first pay-,
ment, balance monthly: 16-ro'om
double house, suitable for two or '
four families; rented, $50 per month ,
as boarding, rooming house. Close i
in; Bisbee. Owner in city few days, j
Give address.
Box B. E. F., Review.
170
FOR SALE Rooming house.
Box 2509. Bisbee.
Address
286 j
I
FOR SALE Five-room furnished;
h'ouse; sacrifice for quick sale. W. 1
G., care Review. 298 !
i
' FOR SALE Four-room frame house.
Upper Lowell, $1,200. I. W. Wal
lace. 28.
PETEY DINK The Women
hpSZ'fo , s ( NAVE. A LOTM W ' m JAl 'f (KATT VERY 7
For Sale
ranch for sals.
120 acres of rich, level soil in proven
artesian belt, San Pedro Valley. An
absolute certainty of fine flow t!
water at any place you drill; four
good flowing wells cased to rock;
five reservoirs stocked with fish,
gc'od house, storehouse, chicken
houses,, barn, corrals, water piped to
house; nice family orchard, straa
berries, blackberries, grapes, fift
large cottonwoods, roses, large gar
dens, three fields alfalfa and grain,
five heads dairy cattle, hogs, chick
ens, turkeys; all farming tools, har
ness, etc. One-half mile to two rail
road stations, 1 1-2 miles to store, P.
O. and good schools; on main road
to Tucson. Will sell you this ranch,
ready stocked, crops and all, for less
than half the purchase price down
and let you pay the balance in a lump
at the end of five years. Value of
ranch should easily double in that
time. For further particulars, ad
dress L. E. Woolery, Tombstone,
AriiXraa. 329
FOR SALE Reed organ at Reynolds
Music Store.
339
FOR SALE $175.00 cash, $20 month,,
four rooms; $750.00.
view.
T. M., care Re-
340
.FOR SALE Waldorf boarding house.
Ph'one 446.
345
FOR SALE Frd $225.
Motor Co.
Apply E. B.
104
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Two housekeeping rooms.
20 Nevada St., Johnson Addition. 338
FOR RENT Three
furnished rooms
See M. C. High.
350
fr housekeeping.
IFOR RENT Two rooms with bath.
107 Mason HilL
349.
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms,
bath and sleeping porch, for house
keeping; no children; $30. Phone
Black 681. E. A. Crocker, Warren.
344
FOR RENT Adobe room, furnished
for batching one man). 176 Naco I
road, Holbrc'ok stop. 34b
FOR RENT Room, furnished for
housekeeping. 22 Tombstone Flat.
328
. i
FOR RENT Furnished room for gen--
I tlenien, alOve Independent Fuel of-
fice. Main St.
297-f
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms;
gas and light in. 31 Montana SL,
) Johnson Add.
06
F0R RENT-Two housekeeping rooms,
jiggerviUe Vj u ,
FOR RENT Two nicely furnishea
rooms for housekeeping, for adults.
143 A. Dubacher Canyon, second
house fioni street. 290
FOR RENT Cabin accommodation for
to; electric lights; price $8..00 67
Upper Lowell. 288
.
OR RENT Batching room, furnished.
14 Tate Hill, Johnson Addition. 188
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
single men. 218 High Road. Anna
Murphy. 173
FOR RENT RoVims, furnished for
batching or housekeeping. Custom
House. 140
FOR RENT Rooms 75 School Hill.
612
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished rooms
$2.00 per week and up. ' 405
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
MUSICIAN
Conservatory Graduate, would like
few more pupils. First month, 50c
lesson. Write Box 779. 31
Take the Joy Out of Lots of Things.
...Lodge
WEEK ENDING JUNE 2, 1917
Mon. Red Cross & K. P.
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
M. C. BLEDSOE. W. M.
a T. WATKINS, Secy. F. ft A. M.
A. M. COLWELL. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. L M. .
J. E. FRY. E. C.
F S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chapter
and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 4fi will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy Hall.
3. It. WINTERS. C. C.
-. THOMAS. Clerk.
All woodmen invited.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13416
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows Hall
R. L. MOTZ, Consul.
H. F. MATHE W SON.
Clerk.
For Rent
FOR RENT SIx-iOom house on Young.
i blood HilL Apply D. T. Aston,.
transfer stand. Phone 50. 341
FOR RENT Four-Poom house, close
in. Tombstone Canyon. Pay $175
down and pay rent to yourself, $20 a
month. Address "Rentsaver," care
Review. 347
FOR RENT Four-room modern house.
Apply 215 Tombstone Canyon. 30
FOR RENT One four-room bouse.
Tombstone Canyon. L. M., Review.
266
qHTIrWf Mmn n ii iiivhii' IKifn'M ii i
tuu iitis i ive-rooni uniurmsnea
house, at No. 27 Johnson Ave., John
son Add. 295
FOR RENT Four-room house; fut
niture for sale. Call 121 Quarry Can
yon. 285
FOR RENT A five-room and a four-1
room house. Completely furnished; '
no children. Hogau & Seeds. Phone
10. 171 1
i
FOUND
. (
Park, Saturday '
FOUND At Warren
night after dance, one man's hat and
lady's handbag. Owners may have
same by identifying and paying for
this ad.
view.
Address "Manager,"
Re
348 Miscellaneous
SUMMER course for students in au
lines of beauty culture and hair man-
ufacturing. Maxine Parlors, 251
American Ave., Long Beach, CaL 223
BISBEE Mattress Upholstering Works.
juuusuu uu.uu. c ue
uiaiirtfdses , uiu uues luauc over as
gc'od as new; old mattress called for
and delivered same day. We also
make the roll feather mattress. We
do upholstering and furniture repair
ing; free delivery. Phone 734-. 7
The Blackburn Studio of dress cut
ting, designing and making is now
located Room 4, Maze Bldg., where
everything concerning the art of
good dressing ds taught
Grant.
by Miss j
669
- 'ja
I
COX CO. loans$5 to $50 without se-l Arizona,
curity to men or women in perma-l Action brought in the Superioi
nent positions. No honest wage Court of the State f Arizona, in and
earner refused, easiest weekly or lor the County of Cochise and the Corn
monthly payments, cheapest rates, plaint filed in the said County of Co
also loans on furniture, pianos, etc. ichise, in the office o the Clerk of
Confidential, quick sen-ice. See us ' said Superior Jourt
If you need money. New Lyric William Pruett Sims, Plaintift, vs.
Theatre Bldg., Room 2, Phone 794. ! ' Dick Hensley, alias John Doe Hens-
821
HENDRICKS, Contractor and builder
will furnish your plans and specifi-'
cations free of charge; all work!
guaranteed. Phone Red 488. 915 !
$50,00u to loan on Improved city prop-
erty or for building, on easy terms
of payment T. A. Hughes, over
Bank o. Bisbee. 697
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for all
kinds of work in our line. Pat Clea-
ry. manager Box 1495. Phone 720. '
Notices...
KNIGHT8 OF PYTHIAS.
Katiittone Lodge No. 10,
Knights or Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers t
cordially Invited.
EARL tSOBLEY, C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM. K. of R. S.
r. f. b.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Blsbee Lodge No.
lilt)
452 meets the Jst'Iona. My . 19 11
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7-3A at ClAA Val.
I lnw, ., " vil.
, m(f member8 cordiaUy invited.
PHIL. DAVIS, President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
Bos 722, Tel. 236, Red.
KATHERINE SALHOLM, Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets In Medigovicb
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month
Visiting brothers wel
come. M. C. BENTON, Councillor.
J. L. BENTON. Recording Secretary
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
Meets every Friday night. Moose Hall.
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
r. TONKIN, Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary,
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING QUICK RESULTS
LEGAL NOTICES
IN THE JUSTICE COURT
No.
2 Precinct, County of Cochise,
State of Arizona.
SUMMONS.
Feko Sali, Plaintiff, vs. Beo Jelo, De-
I fnnrinnt
- -
Action brought m the Jurtice Court
of No. 2 Precinct in end for the County
of Cochise, in the Stale of Arizona
In the Name of the State of Arizona,
j to Beo Jelo, Defendant, Creeling:
You are hereby summoned and re
quired to appear in an action brought
against you by cue above named Plain
tiff in the Justice Court of No. 2 l-'re-
cinct, in and for the County of Cochise,
in the State of Arizona, and answer to
the Complaint filed in said Justice
Court at Bisbee, in said County, witnin
five days exclusive of the day of serv
,ce after the servce up0Q yoa of thu
Summons, if serVed within this pre-
cinct; but if served without this pre
inct, but within the county, ten days;
If served out of the county, fifteen
days; in all other cases, twenty days,
or judgment by default will be taken
against you.
Given under my hand at Bisbee, Ari-
Mr tnls 14th da' of Mav- 1917
M. C. HIGH,
Justice of the Peace of said Precinct.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT.
In the County of Cochise, State of
ley and Mary Hensley, his wife,
Charley Hensley, alias John Itte
Hensley and Cuba Hensley, his wife,
Defendants. '
The State of Arizona Sends Greeting:
Dick Hensley, alias John Doe Hens-
,e'- cud Mary Hensley, his wife,
Charley Hensley. alias John Roe Hens
,ley a,ld Cuba Hensley, his wife. .
Vou are hereby required to appear in
:an action brought against you by the
above named Plaintiff in the Superior
Court of the State of Arizona, in and
i'or the County of Cochise, and to an -
swer the complaint file 1 therein within
twenty days (exclusive of the day of
service) after the service on you of
this summons (if served within the
county; otherwise within thirty days)
or judgment by default will be taken
against you according to the prayer of
said complaint:
Given under my hand and the seal of
the Superior Court of the State of
Arizona in and for the County of Co-
'chise, this 10th day of May, in the year
of our Lord, one thousand nine hun
dred and seventeen.
J. E. JAMES,
Clerk.
By H. V. JOHNSON.
Deputy Clerk.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari-
NOTICE is hereby given that Pey
Con C. Andrews, of Hereford, Arizona
who, on November 18, 1912, male
Homestead Entry No. 019973, for N. E
4, Section 32, Township 23 S.. Rangt
,22 E., G. ft S. R. B & Meridian, has
filed notice of intention to make three
year proof ,to establish claim to the
land above described, before Jared D.
Taylor, U. S. Commissioner, Bisbee
Arizona, on the 30th day of June, 1917.
Claimant tames v; witnesses:
Adolph C. Hinters, Charles A. Mar
tin, Frederick J. Murrell, all of Hert
ford, Arizona; Gus Haigler, of Bisbee,
Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register,
First publication. May 29. 1917.
Last publication, June 30, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona, May 21, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Minnie
M. Mulligan, widow of Thomas Mulli
gan, of Buena, Arizona, who, on June
9, 1914, made Homestead Entry No.
025278, for N. E. 4. Section 13, Town
ship 22 S., Range 20 E., G. ft S. R. B.
& Meridian, has filed notice of inten
tion to make three year proof, to estab
lish claim to the rand above described
before Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
Isioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 29tb
:day of June, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Oliver Fry. Of Ft. Huachuca, Ari
zona; Samuel T. Pyaett, of Bucna. Ari
zona; Fred W. Patterson, of Buena,
Arizona; Fred C. Cook, of Bisbee, Ari
ZOna
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication. May 29, 1917.
Last publication. June 30, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phosnix, Ari
zona, May 21, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Ed
ward J. Mitchell, of Don Luis, Arizona,
who, on October 9, 1912, made Home
stead Entry No. 0194G8, for S.' W.
Section 30, Township 23 S.. Range 2i
E., G. & S. R. B. & Meridian, has filet
notice of intention to make three yeai
proof, to establish claim to the lant
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee, An
zona, on the 29th day of June, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James B. Smith, of Warren, Arii'ona,
Joseph H. Branch, of Don Luis, An
zona; Richard Brandon, of Don Luis,
Arizona; William Eberling, of Naco,
Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication. May 29. 1917.
Last publication, June 30, 191".
SHERIFF'S NOTICE OF SALt.
No. 1542.
Iu the Superior Court of the State of
Arizona in and for the County ot
Cochise.
S. W. McCall, riaintilf, vs. Iienry Out
ley and Florida Outiey, Defendants.
Under and by virtue of upecial exe
cution and decree of foreclosure oi
mortgage lien and sale issued out oi
the Superior Court of th State of Ari
zona in and for the County of Cochise
on the 12th day of May, 1917, in ' tue
above entitled action, wherein S. W.
McCall, the above named plaintiff, ob
tained a judgment and decree of fore
closure of mortgage lien and sale
against Henry Outiey and Florida
Outiey, defendants, on Uie 8th day of
February ,1917, for the sum of Four
Hundred Sixty-nine and No.-lOO
($469) Dollars, with iuterest from
'date of judgment at the rate of teu
per cent per annum until paid, be
1 sides all further accruing costs and
interest. 1 am commanded to sell
that certain real estate particularly
described as follows: Lots No. 13,
16, 17. 18, 19. 20. 21 and 22, in Block;
No. 145. situated in Douglas. County
of Cochise, Territory of Arizona (nov
Stat of Arizona), as bounded and)
described uion a map, entitled "Map :
of Douglas Townsite by E. G. Howe, J
C. E., dated January 12, 1901. aa
amended," and filed in the office of
the county recorder of said County
of Cochise, State of Arizona.
Public notice Is hereby given that '
on Wednesday, the 20th day of June,
1917. at 2 o'clock P. M. of that day.
in front of the court house door of
the County of Cochise. State of Ari
zona, by will in obedience to said
special execution and decree of fore
closure of mortgage lien and sale.
sell the above described property, or
so much thereof aa may be necessary
to satisfy said judgment with inter
est, cost and accruing cost to the,
highest and best bidder for cash in'
lawful money of the United States. !
Dated at Tombstone, Arizona, this
25th day of May, 1917.
HARRY C. WHI?ELER,
Sheriff.
GUY C. WELCH,
Chief Deputy.
First publication. May 26, 1917.
Last publication. June 20. 1917.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
R PiTENY.
Mineral Survey No. 3333. '
Serial No. 033684. ' 'ton L. Graham. Jr'W Hereford. Art-
United States Land Office, Phoenix, ' zona, who, on Aug. 14, 1912, made
Arlztma, April 3, 1917. Homestead entry. 018931. for S. E. 4
Notice is hereby given: That Sec. 35, and Oct. 23. 1914, made Addl
Charles Clason, whose postofflce ad- entry, No. 025936, for S. W. 4. See
dress Is Bisbee, Arizona, has made ap- tion 35. Township 23 S., Range 21 E,
plication for patent for the following . G. & S R. B. ft Meridian, has filed
oained lodo mining claim, situated tn notice of intention to make three year
ihe Warren Mining District, Cochise Proof, to establish claim to the land
County, Arizona, in Section 8, Town- j above described, before Jared D. Tay-
ihip 23 South, Range 24 East. G. ft
j. R. B. ft M described as follows,
to-wlt:
"Morning Star No. 4."
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the S. E.
Corner, whence the hi cor. between
Sees. 8 and 17. T. 23 S. R. 24 EL, G. ft
3. R. B. ft M. bears S. 53 06' W, 1536.J
ieet; thence N. 66 30' W 1500 feet
to corner No. 2; thence N. 24 11' K,
37.40 feet to Corner No. 3; thence S.
i6 30' E., 1500 feet to Corner No. 4;
.hence S. 24 11 W 537.40 feet to
.-orner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 6.438 acres.
expressly excluding area in conflict i
with Survey No. 1387, Al Hassan, of r
1.784 acres, with Survey No. 1670,'
Contention lode, of 2.073 acres, and J
-ith Survey No. 2133, Morning Star , Kobert Hennesey, whose postofflce ad
lode, of 8.209 acres. j dress is Bisbee, Arizona, on behalf of
The location notices of this claim himself and co-owners, L Jacobson and
are recorded in the County Recorder's
lows:
Morning Star No. 4. Book 55, Record
of Mines, page 337.
The names of the adjoining claims
io this survey are: on.tne worm,
disbe0 Townsite. On the East. Sur
rey No. 1387, Al Hassan lode and
A'ebster lode. On the South Survey
So. 1670, Contention lode. Survey No.
ilZZ, Morning Star lodes. On the
A'est Survey No. 2133, Morning Star,
Survey No. 2674 Morning Star No. 2
lodes.
J. L. IRVIN.
Segister of the United Slates Land
Office.
iTirst publication April 5, 1917.
Last publication June 14. 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office, at Phoenix. Ari
zona, April 30, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Caleb
A, Newman, of Hereford, Arizona,
ho, on Feb., 1911, made homesteaa
Entry 013306, -for the S. E. 4 Sec. 3a,
r. 22 S.. R. 20 E., and Sept, 191a.
.-nade Add'I Entry. No. 02SS08, for b.
E. 4, S. W. U. Section 35. Township
S, Range 20 E., G. & S. R. B. ft
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
io make five year Proof, to establish
olaim to the land above described,
Sefore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Com
missioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the
12th day of June, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
DR. W. A. KINGSLEY (Oculist)
Specialist
EYE, EAR. NOSE and THROAT.
Several years' experience in Lon
aoa, Ilcriin, Paris, Vienna. Deco
rated by King of Rnumania in 1913.
Office, 122 N. Stone Avenue.
Night Phone 507-J.
Eyes Fitted For Glasses
Tucson, ... Arizona.
Roy A. Newman, James W. Haverty,
Joel P. Steele, John F. Ashwortn, all
of Garces, Arizona.
J. L. IRWIN.
Register.
First publication May 8, 1917.
Last publication June 12, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari-
lone. April 30, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Julia
Salladin Barnes, formerly Julia
Salladln, bf Garcea, Arizona, who,
on Oct. 10, 1913, made Home
stead Entry. No. 023527. for NWK.
Section 25, Township 22 S., Range 2'J
E.. G. ft S. R. B. ft Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make three year
Proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee.
Arizona, on the 11th day of June, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James E. Kelly, of Garcea, Arizona;
Belle Kelly, of Garcea, Arizona; Per
nel F. Whitmore, of Buena, Arizona;
Alvira Bakeslee, ot Buena, Arizona..
J. L. IRVLN.
Register.)
First publication May 8, 1917.
Last publication June 11. 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona, April 30, 1917.
NOTICE la hereby given that Day-
lor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee.
Arizona, on the 12th day of Jun. 1917.
Claimant names a3 witnesses:
Howard Grube, of Bisbee, Arizona;
Joseph G. McCabe, of Hereford, Ari
zona; Joseph Hammer, of Hereford.
Arizona: Leslie Wilcox, of Hereford.
Arizona.
J. L. IRWIN.
Register.
First publication May 8..1917.
Last publication June 12. 1917.
No. 033583
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. . PATENT.
Mineral 8urvy No. S19S
MarcH 17, 1917.
NOTICE W HEREBY GIVEN that
Ktull Marks, whose post-office ad-
i
' application for a patent for the follow
ing lode mining claim, situated in the
Warren Mining District. Cochise
County. State ot Arizona, in Section
7 and 18, unsurveyed, T. 23 S-. R. U
E., G. ft S. R. B. ft M, which claim
is described as follows:
UMPIRE No. 1 Beginning at Cor.
No. L the S.' W. Cor.; whence the 4
Cor. between Sees. 19 and 30. T. 23 S,
R. 24 EL, G. & S. R. B. ft M.. bra,
3. 3 03 E. 9604 9 ft: thence N.
36 57' W. 1M0.80 ft. to Cor. No. 2.
the N. W. Cor.; thence N. 59 36'
E. 597.80 ft. to Cor. No. 3. the N. E.
Cor.; thence 3. J7 02 E. 144L10
a. to Cor. No. 4, the S. E. Cor.;
thence S. 69 36' W. 600.00 ft. to
Cor. No. 1. the place of beginning.
Total and net area of said claim is
19.680 acres.
The original location notice of said
Umpire No. 1 claim is recorded tn the
County Recorder's office. Cochise
County, Arizona, lit Book 49. Records
of Mines, at page 382; and the amend
ed location notice ot said claim is
recorded lu said County Recorder's
office in Book 53, Records of Mines,
at page 621.
Adjoining claims: North El Paso
lode, unsurveyed. owned by L Jacob
son and Chas. Rani bo; East. Madero
No. 1 lode, unsurreyed, owned by R
Hennesey, C. H. HOwe and Chas.
Rambo, Wedge lede, unsurreyed.
owned by D. W. Art; South.
Panama lode, unsurveyed. owned
by Lee Jovanovich and H. W.
Qlarkson. New York lode, unsurveyed.
owned by Chas. Rambo and W. A.
i Dell; West, Umpire lode, unsurreyed.
'owned by L Jacobson. Chas. Rambo
land E. Johnson. Bull Moose Tode. un
' surveyed, owned by Chas. Rambo and
i Lee Jovanovich.
! J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication March 20. 1917.
Last publication May 30. 1917.
BvC A. VOIGHT EIGHT.
THE BISBEE-DAILY-REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 29, 1917.
0
Special Matinee 1:15 Today
THE UNIVERSAL FILM MANUFACTURING COMPANY'S GREAT-
EST PHOTOPLAY NOVELTY ' .-. .
BASED ON JULES VERNES' WONDERFUL' FASCINATING NOVEL AND
MADE POSSIBLE BY THE MARVELOUS INVENTION OF THE WILLIAMSON'
BROTHERS. . s
PRICES Night 25, 35,
cony 25 Cents.
Special Children's Matinee
THE HOUSE OF COMFORT
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
The Greater Vitagraph Presents
EDITH STOREY, ANTONIO MORENO, AND
WILLLAMDUNCAN
' "Money Magic"
A Vitagraph Blue Ribbon Feature in, Five Acts
William Fox Presents
CHARLES CONKLIN AND ALL-STAR COMEDY
CAST IN
'The Film
ADMISSION
TODAY
" COMMENCING 6:15 P. M.
Jesse L. Lasky Presents
America's Great Fhotoplay Favorite
BLANCHE SWEET
In a Tense, Original Photoplay
"The Evil, Eye"
The .Thrilling Story of An American Woman Doctor
Among Superstitious Mexicans.
ADMISSION
The
Beautiful
Continuous From 1 To 10 P. M.
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
William Courtenay
In
"THE ISLAND OF
SURPRISE"
'JUMPS AND JEALOUSY
A Big V Comedy
ADMISSION
Reserved seats
Lower Floor . .
Balcony
.25c
.10c
3c
WATKINS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
The HALLMARK Store
VI C
roheum theatre
50 and 75 Cents,
Matinee
t Spoilers"
10 AND 15 CENTS
e
TODAY
10 AND 15 CENTS
QtvBngPf
Has anyone visited you? Or '
have yon entertained? If so, call
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, Phone 39.
DIES AT C. & A. HOSPITAL.
John Cox died of complications re
sulting from a recent illness of pneu
monia yesterday at the C. & A. hospi
tal. He has been ill for some itme
past. Funeral arrangements "have not
been made as yet
GRADUATION
Now Is the time to be thinking of
graduating and commencement pre
sents. Tou will find that an excellent
display at Tne Lowell Jewelry Shop.
Adv. 578
OUR $20 SUITS
are as good as any at $30. Miller's
Shirt and Hat Shop, Main St Adv.
KING, BLIND MAN, LEAVES.
i O. M. King, the blind man. who re
ceived his injury in a mine, accident
here years ago, left for Kansas City
Sunday night lj undergo an operation
for the restoration of his sight Physi
cians say that there Is a possibility of
saving his sight
NOTICE.
Barber shops will close 12 noon
Wednesday, May 30th. Local 692.
Adv. 333
Make your trip to Douglas a pleas
ure. Travel the Winton way. Phone
98. Adv. 332
leatr
ndertheSea
Lower Floor 0 Cents. Bal-
Today, 15c
FOR. SALE. (
One hundred tons tea green-' Alfalfa
Hay from Salt River Valley. See W.
G. Hubbard, of Bowen & Hubbard.
Adv. J44
Ride on the American Stage Line.
Bisbee to Douglas. Phone 366.- .V,
Advertisement.
RETURNS TO BISBEE.
C. A.. Bennett, formerly with , the
Miners' and Arerchants' ank of this
city, has returned to Bisbee to engage
in the automobile business as ' sales
man. He has been absent from the
city for some time. ,
UP-TO-DATE CORSET PARLOR
All corsets fitted end satisfaction
ua ran teed. Price- from $2.00 up. Exc
lusive agent for Goodwin La Camllle
nd Gossard corsets. Ines Guernsey,
etson HtoteL room 17. Phone 559.
' ' ' Adv. 713
ARRESTED FOR FIGHTING.
An aftermath of. the fracas at the
ball park Sunday afternoon, when Bor
ilen Barnhill, one Jf the players, is
Alleged to have assaulted Crowley; the.
'.impire, resulted in charges being filed t the 'roof of a houBe on Sch'jol Hill
in Judge J. L. Winter's court Jn oLw- 'caught fire from sparks from the chim
ell against Barnhill for disturbing thejney. The blare was .extinguished be
peace yesterday. :. The date for the fore causing but little damage. The
Searing has not been set as yet
Travel to Douglas the Wlnton wiy
on the new stage. Cars leave Copper
Queen Hotel on the hour. Fare $1.25.
' Advertisement 332
P. J. McCullougn, contractor and
builder, phtone 820, Box 934. Retaining
walls and sidewalks are my specialty.
. ' Adv. 359
AUTOISTS FINED BY, JUDGE. " -(
The Lowell officers ire getting after
the autoists lor lauure to provide ngni'
ed tail lights on their machines, which j' pan' Cupid has a bitter enemy In
resulted in an epidemic of arrests last'cgg e. Kellogg, local manager t"jr
Saturday night Foureen , of fenders , the Mountain States Telephone and
were haled before Judge J. L. Winters..; Telegraph Company. A little more
bf Lowell, and were fined or cautioned. J than a week ag0 Mrs Eunice Moon,
They were A. E. Shearer, Tom Cald- cbet operator at the local exchange,
well. Bridges, W. A. Douglas, R. Mc- chanKP(j ber nanle t0 Mrs. Eldredge.
Gowan, Vance Gorman, B. R. Cloud, J. ;Tne 0rice lost another member of Its
F. Ashby. D. Graham, G. W. Calky RVIg Saturday when Miss Clara Voel
C. Brown, George King and Joe Boyle. !ckeI( distance operator, was mar
I !rleln Tucson to Frank Barr, of this
! Attend the Big Benefit Dance to beclty Mr an1 Mrs parr are spending
' given" Tuesday, May 29th, 1917. at jthe,'r honeymoon in Phoenix. Kellogg
tAgies waii. unaer auspices oi iu- declared last night that if any more
clans' Local. Big' orchestra. Come operators have any intention of get
and have a good time. Adv. 209 'tlns married in the near future he
.' ' I wished they would let him kpow In or-
Warren Volunteer Fire Department der that he win not have to close up
Dance at Vista rark. May 30, 1317;
dancing from 8:30 to 11:30. Come all
and help the firemen.
Adv. 143
SIX INJURED' IN AUTO WRE.CK. ,
Traveling at the .estimated rate of
fifty miles per hour, a machine carry
ing Pete Pecolo.-Anton "Harris, Billy
Morey, Joe Kolisky and two other men
ran off the t'oad and was completely
wrecked, inpjurlng all the occupants,
two seriously. The accident occurred
on the Douglas road, at that part of
the
thoroughfare known as "danger
curve." None of the occupants of the
machine were injured fatally, and it In
thought that they' will all soon re
cover. ;
A car every hour, Bisbee to Doug
las. Good cars and careful drivers.
American Stage Line. Phone 366.
R. R. WATCH INSPECTORS
Let us be be your Inspector. We re
pair Jewelry of all kind.- Work guar
anteed. Lowell Jewelry Shop. Adv.
576
SPEEDERS ARRESTED. ,'
Pete Sandow and B. J. Darlington
were arrested yesterday at Lowell for
speeding. Sandow was fined M0 by
Judge Winters, of Lowell, and Parling-
jton will be tried before Judge High, of
Bisbee.
GONE FOR WEEK.
A. B. Richardson, general recretary
of the Bisbee Y. M. C. A.. left Sunday
night for Tucumcari, N. M.. In the in
terests of the Y. M. C.JL. $15.000, war
fund. He expects to be gone for the
rest of the week.
DISTURBER FINED TEN DOLLARS.
I Pleading gtiilty to a charge of dis
turbing the peace, Patrick Brown was
ifined $10 ly Judge High yesterduy
morning.
SNOW BALL ICELESS COOLER
J A marvelous Invention that keeps
; fctod without ice. Demonstration daily
jin front of Royal theatre. Msin ttreet.
Order one now. Adv. (713)
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE
Irwin Studio. Main Street 857
Advertisement.
ATTENTION, ELKS!
The funeral of Brother John Cox
'will be held from the Elks' lodge room,
Wednesday, at 1 p. m. All brothers
i urged to be present., Bert Warner, Ex
'alted Ruler. Adv. 332
PIONEER IMPROVING.
, John Gleeyon. who has been confined
In a Miami hospital, seriously ill with
pneumonia. Is reported improving. Mr.
Gleeson has been in ill-health for Ame
time.
Mrs. At'jrs and Reid, Beauty Special
ists. Scalp and facial massage, hair
dyeing and dressing, shampooing and
manicuring. 'All work guaranteed.
Rooms 8-3 Lockie Hotel. Adv. 330
Watch window for weekly special
sales. B. F. Millard. Allen Blk. Adv. 863
. KILZOL KILLS VERMIN
. Kilzol exterminates bed bugs, no
stain, no, unpleasant todor. Central
Pharmacy! Bisbee. Adv. 293
JOHN CRITCHLEY DEAD.
John Critchley, a well known young
man 'of this city, died at the home of
his parents, Mr. and Mrs. James Critch
leyon Mason Hill, at 10 o'clock yesterday-
morning- after an illness of several
months. The funeral will be held this
afternoon at 2 o'clock from the family
residence. Father Mandin will offici
ate. .
ATTENTION, YEOMEN!
All Archers are requested to meet
at Odd Fellows' Hall, Wednesday.
12:30 a'clock, to attend the funeral of
Archer Cox. - Mrs. C. C. Finlaysen,
Foreman: C. A. Sinson, Corres.
. . Adv. 342
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath, violet ray
electric treatments. 98 Mason H1U.
Mason Hill car stop. Phone Blue 647
Advertisement, 231
SMALL BLAZE.
""The fire, department was called oui
at 5:30 o clock Sunday evening when
house was owned by Mr. and Mrs. John
iDetloff."
. Sewing machines sold, rented, ex
changed and repaired. Supplies. Sing
er Sewing Machine Co.. Upper Main
street, opposite Quality Hill Car stop.
Phone 332! Adv. 684
'. THE PURE MILK DEPOT
, " " (Allen Block)
,'.A great big glass fresh buttermilk
It's only 5 cents. Advertisement 309
'eupiD HAS ENEMY.
the iocal Office for lack of operators.
'. We can show you bbw you can spend
many interesting evenings at home If
you own a Piano, talking machine or
one of our' many niuRical Instruments.
Terms to suit The Lowell Jewelry
Shop. Adv. 577
Expert repairing on fine watches
and jewelry, diamond setting, engrav
ing and general repairing. Minton,
the postofflce Jeweler, Lowell.
Advertisement 343
NEW ALARM SYSTEM.
Work was startej yesterday on the
new Gamewell fire alarm system which
is to be Installed in this city. The sys
tem will consist of twenty-five alarm
boxes, located where they will be the
handiest for each section of the city.
The system will be ready for use it
about a month. In order to make the
alarm boxes conspicuous. Fire Chief
Barney NortVm is seriously thinking of
having the poles on which they arc
placed painted with red and white
stripes. This plan was tried out in
San Diego and other roast cities and
has proved a good one. The fire
alarm boxes can be easily located by
this method, the gaudy stripes making
the poles easily distinguishable for a
great distance.
CATHOLIC LADIES' DANCE.
Don't .foiret the Catholic Ladies'
Dance. City Park. June 5. Adv. 300
Seven passenger touring car leaves
Tombstone dally, upon arrival of Bis
bee stages, for Nogales, fare $5.50. 25
pound baggage limit Adv. 317
RETURNS FROM MEXICO.
Wilbur Thompson, of this city, who
has been spending the greater part
of the winter In Sonora. Mexico, re
turned yesterday morning. He stated
that conditions In that part of Mex
ico are looking better than they have
In some time past.
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
Stags Line.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
daily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co., Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. 939
(Advertisement)
SPENDS ENJOYABLE WINTER.
Jennie Wilson of this city, residing
on Quality hill returned to Bisbee
after an extended visit to the coast
She visited some of the principal
resorts on the cast, and spent a very
enjoyable winter.- .
Undelivered tailored-made pants
M.50 and up. B. P. Millard, Allen Blk.
Adv. 542
LEFT FOR COAST.
Richard Ellis and family left Sun
day night on the Golden State Limited
on an extended trip. They expect to
visit various beach resorts, during
the trip. Mr. Ellis has been in ill
health for some time past, and he
'ntends to remain on the coast, hop
ing to regain his health.
MEMORIAL DAY OFFERINGS.
All kinds of cut flowers and floral
pieces. Special designs for Memorial
Day purposes Harry Sealey, LowelL
Adv. (649)
RED CROSS SHOW.
The local chapter of the Red Cross
Is to stage a big benefit at the Or
pheum theatre Thursday and Friday
nights for the Bisbee Redi Cross
fund." Pictures will be presented,
showing various methods, of Red
Cross aid work, as well as other
features. One of the main features
will be tho rendition of a patriotic
song by young women and children
of the Warren district.
SCHIDELER'S AUTO SERVICE.
Ford cars, equipped with shock ab
sorbers. Local and country trips solic
ited. Union prices. Single trips,
four people to Cananea and return,
$22.00; four people to Ramsey Canyou,
stay all day, $15.00. Phone 366. Ask
for Shidelers cars and Central Phar
macy 450. Adv.
MANY ATTEND ARMY DANCE.
Members of the Warren Country
club have been invited to attend a
big dance at the Douglas Country
club, given in honor of, the 18th
United States cavalry, at Douglas, to
night.
THE B. OF A. Y. OF DON LUIS
Will serve Ice cream and cake at the
Lundvall Hall. Proceeds to go to the
Red Cross Fund. A Adv. 265
MANY ATTEND DANCE.
The big Red Cross dance which.
was held at Vista Park last night for
the benefit of the local chapter of the
organization, " was a complete suc
cess, both in point of attendance.
tnd money realized. A large amount
Sir
Vk "DECAUSE
l 1 i-J correctly refined I
asphalt-base crude.it mam
tains its lubricating body
and value at cylinder heat,
thus forming a perfect pis
ton seal, reducing friction,
and enabling the motor
to develop its maximum
power.
Zerotene is the oil for your
car. . -
For wte by deader erywbr
and at our Sarvlc Stations.
STANDARD OIL
COMPANY
(CakVaraia)
Fi i"wn
I ' around for a I
It g0d pieCe 2ruml TlvHi I
fl j seeds. I ' J& J
i,tP We have everything 'fiJSl i
XCllllthe Backyard Fanner feJ '
u yvV i mav need from hoe to jr& !
i
was. added to the funds of the chap
ter. Many people were in attend
ance from all parts of the district
The music for the dance was furn
ished by the Copper Queen band.
Catering by the Paptist Ladies' "Aid.
Cake baking a specialty. Phone or
ders to Mrs. W. E. Oxsheer, Black 4TJ2,
Hlnkle Flats. Adv. 291
i
FREE COOKKING LESSONS.
Mrs. Edna Evans, who is repre
senting a series of lessons on cook
ery at the Women's club house un-
der -the auspices of the Twentieth ailments of her sex. If you are suffer
Century club, gave a free lesson tnd ing from any of the ailments of wom
lecture to the women of the Warren ten. Just give this medicine a trial and
HvtW. vutoniir Hw nhwi wa i
was
was
"Par Bread." The attend tree
lfrjre.
MISS COOLEY ON VISIT.
Miss Winifped Cooley, popular
domestic science teacher, and sister
of "Bill" Cooley, left for San Jose,
Cal., for a month's visit with relat
ives Sunday night.
TO iuutrrn
TECHNICAL DEPARTMENT
D2A1Z33:
Jr raatioa wish to
that la eiperloonta
ot8 hor. at th ...
- -
er m-
been able
to acur. unruly better results
-ith Staard Oil Company., z.rolen.
-tor lubrioa.t than nth 0th9r
"Mob. we hare used.
neaa. underetand, howerer. that
'.do not wish this to be construed
m attest on our Part to diotate
rend of oil which you ehould .
but aerely to call your attention to '
th. fact that thi. particular brand
a giren us better results than any
others which we hare tried, and are '
Sinn you this for your information,
lours rery truly,
188 SS CAJJ CUfP45T-
ARE PROPRIETARY MEDICINES
FRAUDULENT?
Undoubtedly, there may be some
that are, but on the other hand, there
are many proprietary remedies that
are as standard as any prescrip
tion that any present day physician
can write, and in thousands of homes
you will find these old, reliable reme
dies in every day use with satisfactory
results. Such a medicine is Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound which
for nearly 40 years, has been alleviat
ing the suffering tf womankind, and
overcoming some of the most serious
prove its worm ior yourseit. auv.
CHICHESTER S PILLS
LaJlMl Ak jomr raf l far
St
lll la Kr4 boM Mill:
T" -L J . Hn. a ....
lri !.- AirillH-TES
lIAMl l A0 riLia, 3
mm k am aa Best. Satat. A lwy Rit -m
SOLD PY pflUGQiSTS FVFEVWHFCf
BULLETIN
mm our
v .
sew
ffSa
15
Hi