MARKETS,
NEW YORK CITY
Average prlve of cop
per for week ending
May 30, 28.35.
WEATHER.
Arizona Sunday gen
erally fair; Monday
cooler.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 20. NO. 2.
felSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 10, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
ADandon nove or oavim ivo men zmomoea m mine
Missouri Moh Demands Vengeance For Child s Death
TO
is n
iTEB PREVENT
P D
BOY'S BODY
SCOVERED
Ten Thousand Residents of
Springfield .Wait All Night
For Lynching, While Pri
soners Are Rushed Away.
By Review Leased Wire)
SPRINGFIELD, Mo., June
10, Paul O'Day, county
prosecutor, telephoned to
here shortly before two o'clock!
this morning ' that Sheriff
Webb and his party of alleged
abduction plotters, fleeing
from threatening mobs here,
were safe somewhere in Cedar
County, Mo. O'Day tele
phoned from Humansville,
Mo., saying he was' on his
way to meet Sheriff Webb to
obtain statements front some
of the prisoners.
The crowd of 10,000 people on the
public square here awaiting with the
belief that theriitoners had been cap
tured and were being returned here,
had not diminished in size at 2 o'clock.
Apparently the crowd's intention was
to remain all night. .V
Springfield Enraged.
Efforts were being made to harmon-1
' ize the varoius rumors, some of which
were that the prisoners were safe;
others that they had been captured by
a mob.
Springfield tonight was a city in
which any eventuality seemed a pos
sibility. Enraged by the finding of the
baby's body, the city was prepared or
almost any outcropping of the mob
spirit.
Mayor Gideon ordered the saloons
closed shortly after it became apparent
the city had not quieted down after
the stirring events of the day. All
street cars were ordered to remain in
the barn and a company of the Second
Missouri infantry was held ready to
answer any call
Chase la Started.
The case of the seven alleged abduc
tion plotters began shortly after Paul
O'Day, county prosecutor, confirming
the identification of the Keet baby,
had ordered them removed somewhere
to safety. Twenty-five men in mo
tors were described as composing the
pursuing party Ajid no attempt was
made in Springfield to conceal their
deadly purpose towards the seven.
The authorities tonight announced
the finding of several minor clews that
they declared would aid in unraveling
the mystery. However, the seven per
sons who were being taken, to safety
were being held only on tormal
charges of plotting the abduction of C.
A. Clement, wealthy Springfield jewel
er; a baby here, and a St. Louis mu
nitions maker.
Announcement was made tonight
that an inquest over the baby's body
would be held here Monday.
, Baby's Body Found.
SPRINGFIELD. Mo June 9. Baby
Lloyd Keet was tound dead today. The
child had been drowned In a well on an
abandoned farm, at least four days ago.
according to the findings from an au-
(Continued on Page Six.)
HUGE SUBSCRIPTION
TO LIBERTY LOAN IS
MADE BY CORPORATION
The announcement yesterday morn
ing that the Phelps Dodge Corporation
would subscribe to $500,000 dollars
worth of Liberty Loan bonds, placing
the subscription to the credit ofAri
lona and New Mexica banks stimulat
ed the work of securing subscriptions
to the loan in the district. In addi
tion to the half million dollar sub
scription of the Phelps Dodge Cor
poration, Phelps Dodge & Company
has placed an even larger subscription
through eastern banks. The dispatch
yesterday referring to the Phelps
Dodge Corporation subscription was
in error crediting. Instead, Phelps
Dodge & Company.
5
1
S
REGISTER IN
26 STATES
Census Estimates Are Almost
Reached So Far, With Fifty
Per Cent of The Nation's
Reports In.
LOSS OF LIFE Hfll VOLCANO
E' IS SLIGHT;
PROPERTY DAMAGE TREMENDOUS
EARTHQUAK
Spanish Cabinet PSP AM
Decides to Quit (jfjj fjj
(By Review Leased Wire.)
MADRID, June 9 (Via Lon
don, 10:25 p. ni.) Marquise Man
uel Garcia Prieto has tendered to
tne king the resignation of the
cabinet.
L
(By Rpview Leased Wire I Some of the principal "commercial '
A LIBERTAD, Salvador, June 9. 'houses and theatres (n San Salvador!
In the towns of Armenia and were destroyed
nnn.nltnnnnTin ncoK Can Calua. '
dor, forty persons were killed
and 100 were wounded as the result
of Thursday's earthquake, which was
the most severe and most disastrous
felt In San Salvador since 1894. Eighty
oue of 100 bouses in San Salvador
(By Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON, June) 9. Twtne j were razed and the entire business secj but fce loss of life there was small.'
v Minn vm ripRtrnvpri hv fire I rinslM el ct
bia. having all told slightly more man -
,1 There are no authentic reports
na, navingai 1 torn siigntiy mure man
50 per cent of the country's population,
had sent in complete reports of their
military registration tonight showing
total registrations of 4.716,768 young
men for war service.
For the territory reporting, the cen
sus estimate was 5,352,526 eligibles
and on the basis of the returns it was
calculated the grand total of registra
tion probably would be close to nine
million in place of 10,264,000 as fore
cast by he census experts.
The reports showed white registra
tions totalling 3.501,456, colored 634,-
as
to the number of casualties In the
capital.
The earthquake was violent and for
more than five hours Thursday night
but since then the shocks have dimin
ished in violence. It Is; reported no
buildings in San Salvador are habe
as were hundreds of ;
homes. The neighboring towns, of j
Armenia and Quexaltepeque were vir- j
tually wiped out and most of thp casu-;
alties caused by the disaster occurred j
there. The large town of Santa Tec-i
la, several miles west of San Salva- j
dor, suffered great property damage ,
Quakes Still Felt.
The earth shocks continue to'be felt!
in the countryside around Fan Salva- j
dor but are diminishing in intensity. ;
The residents of the Salvadorean j
capital, according to the accounts of i
eye witnesses, were finishing the even- j
ing meal when the city and the sur-
rounding towns began to shake at
The Spanish government re
cently has been confronted with
both military aad economic diffi
culties. There has been discon
tent among the army officers who
desire a betterment of their condi
tions and there has been much un
rest among te workmen with
threats ofa general strike.
Premier Prieto virtually con
fessed himself unable to bring
about the necessary transforma
tion until the problem should be
taken under complete' discussion
ty parliament.
i A recent Madrid dispatch says
that if Premier Prieto resigned
the only alternative would be a
combination headed by the Duke
'of Alba.
RESCUI
EHTEK
fiPT Cc ronni
L U V
DEATH LEVEL
Helmet Men Penetrate To 2200 Foot Level And Are Then
Forced To Give Up Attempts To Recover Bodies As
Rush of Fumes Sweeps Upon Them; Mine Will Be
Walled In And Bodies Removed At Later Time When
Fire Is Extinguishdj Two Bisbee Men Receive Word of
Death of Brothers.
B
neighboring towns are in ruins,
Water System Lost.
The fire in San Salvador could not
be quenched because the water supply
system had been destroyed.
The earth tremors continue and the
volcano Jabali, near San Salvador still
170. alien 277.057 and enemy aliens j jg pouring out a shower of ashes with
45,018. Possible exemptions indicated
totalled 2,508.264.
Officials pointed out tonight that the
census figures were intended only as
approximate and that the discrepancy
should not be taken as indicating eva
sion of the draft It was also pointed
out that between 600,000 and 1,000.000
men included in the estimate already
are members olXhe armed forces of
the nation and therefore did not reg
ister. Many of the states which previously
reported complete registrations are
sending supplemental reports adding
to thei rtotals. Delay In registering
especiplly among those who registered
by mail, is responsible. This shifting
o ftotals may delay a final tabulation
for a week or more.
In some states, too. there was con
fusion over classification of those reg
istering, making it difficult to tabulate
In concise form even the returns so
fa rreceived. The states which had
sent returns when the provost marshal
general's office closed tonight were:
Alabama. Arkansas. California. Con
necticut Dejaware. Georgia, Madne,
Marvland, Mississippi, New York,
North Carolina, Oregon, Rhode Island,
South Carolina. Tennessee. Vermont,
Washineton. Wisconsin. West Virgin
ia. North Dakota. Nebraska. Oklaho
ma, Iowa, Texas, Colorado and Kansas.
IMMEDIATE PASSAGE
OF FOOD BILL URGED
BY LABOR DELEGATES
(By Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON, June 9. Herbert
C. Hoover, outlining his plans for
lowering food prices to a delegation
of labor representatives and congress
men today said it was vital that con
gress passed the administration food
conrol bill immediately.
"Throughout the last three years,"
Mr. Hoover told the delegation, "two
words have written over the paces of
English history 'Too late!' Unless
the Lever bill is passed immediately,
too late' will be written In our own
history."
The labor representatives tonight
invited President Wilson to meet with
them Monday for a discussion of the
food situation.
Representative Nolan of California,
spokesman for the delegation, issued a
statement after the conference ex
pressing canfldnce that Mr. Hoover,
if given authority, will be able to meet
he situation.
"We feel." he said, "that Mr. Hoover
Is entirely competent to cope with the
situation confronting him. We brtiev.f
that this is no time for quibbling, and
that congress should express its con
fidence in the president and his ap
pointees end give them full power to
deal with a very difficult problem.
"Unless something Is done Immedi
ately not In six months or a year, but
now there undoubtedly will be seri
ous trouble in this country, trouble far
more dangerous than small bread riots
in New York."
able and that Santa Tecla and other , o'clock Thursday evening. Almost;
simultaneously the San Salvador vol
cano began to throw out lava and ash
es throush three freshly opened cra
ters. The extremely low casualty in
San Salvador is believed to be due to
theenrty hour of the disaster as it
enabled the inhabitants to flee to the
streets nnd other cpen places as soon
in a radius of 20 miles around the cap-. as the first shock was felt.
i EUSTIS RETAINED ON
SHIPPING EQARD IN
SPITE OF GOETHALS
itsli. There have been no disorders.
, Loss Of Life Small.
SAN JUAN DEL SUR, Nicaragua,
June 9. Although the earthquake
which shook San Salvador, capitol of
Salvador and neighboring towns
Thursday evening, caused considerable
destruction of property, it is not be
lieved that loss bf life was very great.
However, no authentic Information of
the casualties and damage caused by
theearthquake and the simultaneous
eruption of the San Salvador volcano
is yet obtainable.
Relief Work Started.
A torrential rain accompanied the
earthquake, falling for six hours with
out cessation, greatly Increasing the
sufferings of the inhabitants, who
erected temporary shelters in the
squares and public gardens.
The earth shock were felt at
Chairman of Naval Consult
ing Board Declares He Can
Secure All Electric Equip
ment Necessary.
considerable dlsian Tfmm the center!
'Rr rtr.viw Less?d Wire.)
WASHINGTON, June 9. Despite
! General Ccetlials dismissal of F. A.
a l Eustis as assistant general of the
cf activity. The departments of San
Salvador and La I ibertad were affect
ed. Relief funds are being raised In
Nicaragua and Costa Rica.
DANIELS WARNS U. S.
SAILORS TO REFRAIN
FROM 'TALKING SHOP'
Secretary of Navy Declares
Leak Is Responsible For
Germans Having Know
ledge of Our Actions.
Emergency Fltet Corporation. the
shipping board will retain him as con
culting engineer.
Mr. Eustis, who conceived the plan
of building a vast fleet of wooden
ships to run the German submarine
blockage, was retained by the board
originally and was assigned to assist
General Goethals when the fleet cor-
I poration was formed with the gen-
(By Review Leased Wire.). ' eral at its he:ul.
Yesterday the general dismissed mm
because he charged that he was "tak
ing advantage for wooden ship build
ing." Frank Sprague, chairman of
the naval consulting board's shippin
LIBERAL SUBSCRIPTIONS
ARE MADE BY LOCAL MINERS
(By Review Leased Wire.)
UTTE, Mont., June 9. Up to midnight 48 bodies had
been recovered from the works of the North Butte Mining
Company, in which fires are burnine, and it was estimated
i that the loss of life was 1 92.
All hope cf any of the missing men having escaped had
been abandone'd. It is believed likely that the death list will
exceed 200.
The rescued in the North Butte numbered 222 and yi the
Diamond mine, 60.
As yet there have been organized attempts to combat the
fire only to the extent of affording egress to bodies and with
the exception that it is widespread and appears to be extend
ing, little was known tonight as to just what permanent dam
age will exceed $1,000,000.
Speculator Shaft Is Also Threatened
Helmet men. when the 2,200 foot ! Flags are at half mast and all public
level was reached, rang the danger I amusements have been suspended.
signal, which caused the wildest ex
citement. It being beTTered that the ;
Subscriptions to the Liberty Loan
by local employes of the Copper
Queen branch, Phelps Dodge Corpora
tion, totalled SS8.000 last night, a
jump of approximately $45,000 during
the day.
r
signal had come from entrapped men
who still were alive. Ambulances!
were called and every physician
the city hurriedly summoned to the;
That workings in the immediate
vicinity of the shaft, for 2o0 feet both
j swt aim iwidw iu .tuu levei.
wnere tn lire originated were ror a
time a seething furnace, is indicated
by developments of the rescue work.
Two station tenders were burned al
most to a crisD when caucht in the
North Butte. The return of the hcl-; Granite Mountain shaft 200 feet abov
met men to the surface with news j the origin of the fire by reason of
that It was impossible for any tfumrn, the burning of the signal bell system,
to live in the dense gas filling the Gas and smoke in such volume as to
lower workings of the North Butte! fill every working, resulted in th
spread gloom. I burning of the shaft timbers before
The Granite Mountain shaft. 3,6001 the flames were quenched,
feet deep, was a roaming chimney j Two Men Cremated,
and with the destruction of its sup-i An appulling sight for a number of
... . . ... . . , J nortini timhprs the prnnnrl Is ravine dnwtalrra wiw tha rrtr.finn nt twn
committee, issued a statement touay .- - "
i saying that two electric concerns, the compelling an worn io ne uirec(M men. wise conway anu reie onenaan.
Subscriptions among employes of Westinghouse and the General Elec- ",lu "o irayu in i-.se. ".
iho cwt.,,.1, i iri, 1H fnmWh n.ntivp nnwer for joining mines. i juu ieei aoove uie couar 01 me Kiair
fBv Review Leaseo Wire)
WASHINGTON, June 9. Convinced j ment
that valuable naval information Is loan,
reaching the enemy. Secretary Daniels
request of Admiral Benson, chief of
operations, forbidding all persons in
the naval service from discussing ex
cept officially, even among themselves :
or with the members of their families,
"any question relating to the disposi-.
tion, movements, or proposed move
ments of naval or military forces."
The department acted upon state
ments of officers of the Intelligence
division who' said that information,'
the nature of which was not disclosed,
had leaked to Germany. S7r. Daniels
said he had proposed to issue the or-'
d'er for many days, not desiring to
hamper unduly officers and others in ,
the service; but his military advisors
have been very urgent. There was
no thought, he said, that any person
f the navy had revealed the plans of,
the department except through Inad
vertence. The secretary pointed out that ex
periences of the Allies .had Bhown that ,
virtually unimportant seeming news
was often sufficient clue for an aleit
foe 'to determine a movement in ad
vance, j '
The purposes of Hie department are
fully explained in the order which
Secretary Daniels' was careful to ex
plain did not refer to newspapers get
ting news. 1
Increase, $8,000 being added by mem- all the ships the fleet corporation can
build, wooden and steel. He said he
had presented a plan for supplying the'
bers of the mechanical department
alone. The members of this depart -
opecuiacor in uanger, j
The Speculator, another shaft alirmt
800 feet distant, connects with tha
to a man, subscribed to the! power some time ago but that it never; Granite Mountain on different levels.
I had been accepted.
Tonight hat shaft was also In danger.
' j with the Games flying from the shaft
like a giant torch around them.
These men had just been lowered
! when the engineer received hurried
signals to hoist and the lifting of the
ANDERSON APPOINTED
NEW PRISON WARDEN
PHOENIX, June 9 Governor Camp
bell today appointed A. A. Anderson
of Greenlee county, superintendent of
the state penitentiary to succeed R.
B. Sims; Dr. John R .Walls of Pima,
county, superintendent of the insane
asylum to succeed D. A. C. KSnesley:
Doane Merrill of Cochise, firet mem
ber of the new state commission on
public institutions. ,
Liberty Insurance
I as water from the levels was running'
BY CHARLES BUXTON GOING,
OF THE VIGILANTES
A Liberty Bond is actually an insurance policy, issued by the
United States, which guarantees return of the full face value. But
instead of asking you to pay any premium, the United States pays
premiums to you.
What does your bond insure?
Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness.
Is anything more vitally iniportnat?
What protection would you find in a policy on your house, your
goods, your health, ycur old ago, if our cuntry should suffer the fate
of Belgium, of Serbia, of Poland, of Roumania. of northern France?
What would the underwriters have left with which to repay your in
dividual loss, or what would be left of you to profit by the payment?
Make no mistake. The peril is real. Vivid, swift to leap upon us
unless our defense is ready. True, we have power in abundance, men.
talents, resurces. But they cannot be mobilized for our protection until
we have first mobilized our money. That is what the Liberty Bonds
will do.
One of the world's greatest statesmen, when he was asked to
name the first requisite for successful war, replied with emphasis,
"Money!"
"And the second requisite?"
"Money!" "And the third?"
"Money!"
Every one of us can prove himself a statesman in decision and
action by lending to our country some portion of this paramout re
quisite. If we have not the ready cash on hand, we can save the con
tribution week by week and do our bit jus-t as effectively. Any bank
will gladly explain how, and handle all the business details without
charge.
And finally, the promise held out by these Liberty Bonds is far
happier than that of any insurance policy, which merely undertakes to
reimburse you if you lose. The Liberty Bonds are a guarantee that
we shall NOT lose. You win with your country, and collect your policy,
too!
Insure the United States, and the United States will Insure you!
Buy a Liberty Bond!
cage was speeded up, with the Cames
into it and had caved a portion. There! basing it. The flames overtook the
cage uciure 11 reameu i-'ic uuriacc y it
J venting the recovery of the raeA.
) All hope that any of the unaccount
ed miners believed to number more
than 193 had escaped from the North
Butte mines in which fire broke out
water are being poured itno the Gran
ite Mountain shaft and from points on :
levels connecting with adjoining mines
as near as it is possible to get to the
scene of the accident. .
When the fire was discovered 412
men were in the mine. The fire start
ed on the 2400 foot level when a car
bide lamp came in contact with In
sulation on an electric cable. T-1e
Granite Mountain shaft has caved in
for a considerable distance.
The city has gone into mourning.
! late last night was abandoned tcnight
t when the helmet men penetrated In
! the 2,200 level of the Speculator mine
j from adjoining mines, waded through
I water up to their arm pits. encountr
' ed gas and saw many bodies whica
(Continued on Page Six)
AUTOS ID CABARET PATHS
TO I TApjAII EXEMPT
(Bv Review Leased Wire). members are reserving the right to
WASHINGTON. Jur.e 9. Art r oger amendments In the senate. On
adopting anew reduced federal license I the question of taxing publishers
tax on automobiles, abandoning taxa-J there is a particularly wide disagree
tion on confectionery and approving a j ment. None would predict the out
tax on cabaret patrons, the senate fin-! come tonight except to say that some
ance committee Interrupted its revis-j form of taxation is certain. Senator
i,n nf iha war tax hill tnH.iv until! La Follette today proposeo. in ueu Ci
Monday with wide disagreements re
maining among the members on in-
taxing advertising receipts or raisin?
postage rates, a direct tax of five, ten
come, publishers and excess profits i or even twenty per cent upon pun
rates. The bill probably will not be ! Ushers' net Incdme.
completed until late next week. A number of committeemen are now
The new automobile schedule ira- said to favor the composite plan of
poses on owners of pleasure motors Senator Simmons for a slight increai
a minimum tax of $5 with graduation1 on postage rates and a levy of 4 per
upward based virtually at one per cent1 cent in advertising receipts. Tha
upon the original selling price. A re I publishers tax had been fixed once by
duction allowance is made upon used the committee at two per cent on a-I-rr
ranirinr nn tn flftv ner cent. I vertising receipts, but members sa;d
Committee dicerences on the in- j the whole question now is to be n
come, excess profits and publishers j opened.
tax sections are said to be extreme. Postmaster General Burleson con
Senator Gore announced today he will ferred with Senator Simmons today in
I present a minority report and othen support of a postage raise TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 10, 1917.
"
Big Price Reductions on Women's Silk and Wool Suits, Coats and Millinery
A Sale of Merit-Backed By An Array of Handsome High Character Garments
NOW COMES THE EMFHATIC "Let-go" of handsome new Spring Suit and CoaU. "NOW".
our
progressive merchandising principles. These garments must be cleared away at once, and in pursuance of this policy
i j i i : iL.i " tu :m m un : i -it j ':
w c ve maibcu niciii ai pines uiai wui uiuvc iiitm ijuti.Aiy iiui uiic siiau remain uiuic uiaii u auuucu uuict
SILL SUITS AT
mP '''''
SO THAT "NOW" IS THE time of great economy opportunities in the suit sec
tion. Right NOW you should plan to participate in these peerless savings at "The Fair"
store tomorrow. And think what this event means to vacationists, why, they'll suppty
their complete travel outfit at a saving of On e-Fourth to One-Third. And this difference
will be put into the pocketbook to be used on the trip in pursuit of pleasure and recrea
tion. Read the reductions' then come early Monday for an inspection of the garments.
Wool Suits and Spring Coats Re-Priced
Including Tailored and Novelty Styles
THE SUITS embrace styles of the utmost exclusiveness. Short little Novelt'
Coats with High waistline, as well as those of medium length, some made with yokes and
pleated back and front, others that flare from the shoulders and have loose belts, and
those with large collars and deep cuffs; those of extreme Novelty as well as the more sim
ple models Fashionable Colors. Prices reduced CNE-THIRD.
SPRING COATS, smartness, grace and distinctiveness of style are
the dominant notes in these stunning new Spring moaels that go on sale.
Monday at ONE-THIRD less than their real, true, value. In the most fash
ionable materials and the bright, dashing colors for summer wear.
$12.35
$15.00
.... $18.
Regular $18.50 Suits and Coats for
i
Regular $22.50 Suits and Coats for
Regular $27.50 Suits and Coats for. . . . . .
Regular $29.50 Suits and Coats for $19.70
Regular $35.C0 Suits and Coats for $23.35
Regular $29.50 Suits and Coats for . .$26.40
Is A'-Sfj
4. f
35 v&f$ A
4 v.- l
A
.i
fffr
m He?
Original Selling Prices
WITH VACATION TIME and genuine summer weather
right at hand, women will be glad of this opportunity to
choose these light Silk and Jersey Suits at such substantial
savings.
THERE ARE NOVELTY and Sports Styles in such be
coming and altogether attractive models that you'll experi
ence little trouble in choosing one especially adapted to your
requ'rements.
THE MATERIALS include Taffeta Silk, Faille. Silk Jer
sey and Wool Jersey, in the vividly brilliant shades for sum
mer, as well as the more staple colors. This offer brings
within the reach of Bisbee women, who must consider the
cost-the smartest Suits of the summertime, at prices that
all can easily meet
Sports and Novelty Styles
$29.50 Silk Suits Reduced to. ...... .'. .$22.15
$32.50 Silk Suits Reduced to ..... .$24.35
$35.00 Silk Suits Reduced to $26.25
$39.50 Silk Suits Reduced to $28.70
$42.50 Silk Suits Reduced to .$31.90
$45.00 Silk Suits Reduced to. $33.75
Vacation Suits
and Skirts of Khaki
PERHAPS, the most enjoyable vacation of
all will be the one spent with nature and tho
big out-doors, among the hills, trees, rocks,
flowers and running brooks.
OP COURSE, to make such a trip all that It
should be, and avoid, regrets from lack of prc
paratien, you'll want to attire yourself in ap
parel suitable to the occasion. Here you will
find just- the kind of clothing that women will
want to wear. Khaki Hiking Suits, Riding Suits
and Separate Skirts, correctly designed and
well made Just the kind of garments to make
the Outing Trip a big success and pleasure.
Suits at $4.50 upwards to $8.50... Separate
Skirts at $2.75 upwards to $4.50.
t
- . Silk Petticoats $2.98
WOMEN , WHO would ordinarily "turn up
their noses" at the idea of wearing a Silk Un-'
derskirt that cost as little at $3.00, will quickly
change their mind when they see- these that go
on sale tomorrow at $2.98.
TKEY ARE FROM our regular stock and in
clude a splendM collection in a wide range of
plain colors and changeable effects; tailored
styles of'oft quality taffeta silk An excellent
value at-$2.88 each.
There's No Near-Rival to "The Fair" Store Millinery-These Styles and These Prices
On Tailored and Trimmed Hats Will Prove It Monday
THE UNPRECEDENTED success of our Special Sale of Millinery announced for last Monday, will most likely be eclipsed by to
ow's offer. The generous approval accorded the styles, assortment and low prices will probably be given in greater measure
morrow
tnan ever.
TO SATISFY THE GREAT DEMAND for popular priced Millinery, and to clear
our shelves of the early season models, we have selected two charming groups of
Spring Hats and marked them at two extremely low prices "for this week's sellin.?."
We have convinced the women of Bisbee correctness and exclusiveness being our
motto that the -place to buy the smartest hat for the leas', money is "THE FA I It."
And this offer will add much to our enviable reputation.
These Specially Priced
Groups Do Not
Include White Hats
Lot No. 1 $2.95
Hals Worth to $7.50
YOU WILL be delighted to select
your hats for summer frocks from this
group"; they are sc notauly inexpensive,;!
priced so much T)eiow their real valu-
and shown in such a diversity of clever'
styles, milan-hemps and novelty braids; '
flower trimmed or tailored. Hals worili
up to $7.50 repriced at $2.96. A bargain
that will call forth wonder and admiration.
Lot No. 2 $4.95
Hats Worth to $18
THE VALVES IN THIS offer win
create a sensation; Hats of such smart
style and splendid quality you'd consider
any one of them good value even at its.
original price. The small hats and tail
ored effects ar3 stunning; the flower
trimmed hats rre charming and becom
ing. And there s enough of each to make
the choosing of a summer hat a pleasure.
Choice $4.95.
You've A Notion of Notions
Why Here's A Splendid List You 11 Like
THE SMALL THINGS THAT every thrifty housewife needs the dress-making essentials, all are here
at prices strangely low. The articles that compose this announcement are regular goods like those you buy
every day at our nation counters. ' .
NO THEY ARE NOT SPECIALLY PRICED FROM THE VIEWPOINT OF REDUCED PRICES.
BUT EACH ITEM REPRESENTS A SPECIAL VALUE, INDEED AND IN MANY INSTANCES THE
PRICE WE QUOTE HERE IS BELOW ITS COST ON TODAY'S MARKET.
A great many people think it's not worth while to discriminate between tfle good and bad until the mis
chiefs done. Meanwhile a lot of poor trash has gotten :nto circulation. All the NOTIONS displayed hereAND
WHAT A DISPLAY! Come to us with a certificate of good character.
FADORA Wire Hair Pins, Cabinets
of assorted sizes, each 5c
QUEEN Wire Hair Pins, Large size
. Cabinets, each 10c
DE LONG'S Invisible, Non-slipping
- Hair Pins, per cabinet 10c
SANDOW, Best Needle Point, Full
Count Pins, per paper 5c
PURITAN, Best Brass Pins, Needle
Points;- 6 C. and M. C. sizes,
- per paper 10c
CLINTON Safety Pins, sizes 00 to
3, package of 1 dozen at 5c & 10;
COLONIAL Cellar Bands, all sizts.
. 14 to 17!4,"each 5c
HOOK AND EYE tape, white and
black, bt'st quality, per yard 15c
SNAP FASTENE-R Tape, white or
black, per yard 25c'
SONOMOR Snaps, best quality, all
sizes, per "dozen . . ; 10c
WILSON Dress Hooks, all sizs,
per card 10o
THE' HUMP Hair Pins, assorted
sizes, a paper 10c
THE HUMP Hair Pins, all small
size, per paper 5c
THE HUMP Hair Pins, all lar-e
size, per paper 10c
GOLD MEDAL Hooks and Eyen,
cards of two dozen, each 5c
CUBE PINS, all black or black and
. white assorted, a cube 2Tn:
EMPRESS Crochet Ball Holder.
each 3 h:
TATTING Shuttles of bone or steel
at 15c and : .' 25c
BEST Spring Steel Stelitte,
each 2.-.e
BONK STEL1TTO, best quality.
each 1 0c
STEEL Bodkin Needles, per
paper ' 5c
BONE Bodkin Needles, per
paper 5c
PEARL Bodkin Needles, each 25c
GERMAN Silver Thimbles, all
sizes, each 5c
STERLING Silver Thimbles, Bll
tiizes, each 4. 15c
1VOROID Thimbles, all sizes,
each he
BEST French Darning Cotton,
f'.lack. Whits and Colors, per
ball 5c
COATS' Darning Cotton, 5c a ball
or three ball.t for 10:
COATS' Silk Finished Darning Cot
ten per ball 5c
BRASS Rings, all sizes, per doz. 5c
BONE RINGS, medium and small
sizes, per dozen 10c
BARRETTES in amber, shell and
tasmania shades, each 10c up
to 50c
SIDE COMBS, same colors, per
pair 10c to 50c
BACK COMBS, various sizes at
25c to ....75c
SCISSORS, various styles and
sizes, at 50c to $1.50
REGAL Bias Tape, size 3 to 7
widths. 12 yard packages. .. .10c
DUTCH Linen Braid, ail sizes, per
bunch 5c
STICK ERE1 Braid. 4 yard bunnies,
w.'iite and all olors 15c
RICK RACK Braid, white and
colors, all widths, per bunch 10c,
15c, and 20c
TIED invisible Hair Nets, without
elastic, each 5c, six for 25c
with
10c
.10c
Ivory,
. . .35c
horn
...10c
Ebony
$1.
"c
ea'h
25c
50c
ELVINE Invisisbe Hair Nets
Elastic each .
THE'SPORT Veil and Net Combin
alien, each 10i
SILK MIDDY Laces, White. Black
and Colors, each
FINE COMBS, black and
each, 10c to
RRESSING Combs, rubber,
and ivory, each $150 to...
HAIR BRUSHES, Ivory,
and Redwood Backs, 25c to $2.00
CLOTH BRUSHES, each
to
WHIST Brooms, all sizes.
15c to 50c
NAIL BRUSHES, priced from
to
PROPHYLASTIC Tooth
children's sizes at ...
PROPHYLASTIC Tooth Brushes,
sizes for Adults at 2!)c
KID CURLERS, per dozen 10.;
t 35c
Nail Buffers at 25c, upwards to $1.00
CURIJNG Irons at 5c each, up
wards to
WEST Electric Hair Curlers
set 25c and
MAGIC Hair Curlers, per set
MACHINE NEEDLES in cnbef
containing 5 needles for each of
the popular makes in sewing
Machines, a cube lo:
SEWING Needles, per paper 5c
CREWEL Embroidery Needles, per
paper 5C
DRESSMAKER'S Tracers, each 10c
BEES WAX. per cake 5c
SEAM UII'I'KRS. each 25:
TAILOR'S Chalk, per box 5c
Two Groups A t Big Price Reductions
Values to $5.00 95c Values to $10 $1.95
UNTRiMMED HAT SHAPES in styles that are altogether out of the ordinary,
and will delight the woman who prizes the artistic and exclusive, at prices that repre
sent but a mere fraction of their real, true value. The very finest milans, hemps, llsere
and fancy braids, in a full range of colors and black (NO WHITE.) Shapes worth up
to ?j for 9oc. All $6 to $10 hats for $1.95.
Charming Silk Kimonos
Have A Third Clipped Off Their Prices
IT IS DIFFICULT TO EXPRESS in print the enthusiasm of the Garment Chief over these exquisite
Silk Negligees and are to be sold Monday at ONE-THIRD less than their regular prices.
IF YOU COULD HAVE HEARD him when he was talking to the writer, urging greater advertising
space you would appreciate fully the importance o f this offer. The garments are so perfectly unusual
er.iij.-acing the newest styles and made of the most fashionable silks Crepe de Chine, Crepe Meteor, Mes
saliue and Novelty Silks; some are beautifully hand-embroidered, others trimmed with fine shadow lace
and rib ben. Lovely styles at ONE-THIRD OFF Regular prices.
$7.50 VALUES FOR.z $5.C0
$10.00 VALUES FOR $6.65
$12.50 VALUES FOR $8.25
$15.00 VALUES FOR $10.M
$16.50 VALUES FOR .$11.00
$20.00 VALUES FOR $13.35
$22.50 VALUES FOR $15.00
$25.00 VALUES FOR $16.55
Brushes,
25c
per
10?
25c
White Brazilian
Kid Boots
9-ln. Lace Top (P 3
Turned Sole .4Oi
Summer Sunshades $2 to $10
THE PARASOL is a necessary accessory to the fashionable woman's ward
robe and there's such a variety of unusual shapes, pretty colors ar.d combinations,
that it becomes a pleasure to comply with Queen Fashion's deinai.J.
SOME HAVE plain colored, or printed bonier in fiower oesins of bright,
brilliant colorings then there are pretty combinations! .f stripes, checks or
plaids, with plain borders then the smartest of all "THE PARASOL" in sports
figures and colors. We are showing a very attractive assortment, and very un
usual values at prices ranging from $2.00 upwards to $10.00.
.'' v
Greatly Underpriced
LAST SUNDAY we made a similar an
nouncement and the liix-ral response liist
was accorded it far exceeded our own in si
sanguine expectations; however, we predict
ed that the eitire quantity would be sold be
ed lu the entire quantity would be sold he
Ii.ihed quite early in the afternoon, and ho
late coiners were disappointed in that t'. ey
were unable to get their size.
WE HAVE .SECURED ANOTHER
LOT OF THESE SHOES THAT WE
WILL PLACE ON SALE MONDAY
AT THE SAME LOW PRICE, $6.35
A PAIR BUT LET US CAUTION
YOU, IF INTERESTED. COME
EARLY. BEFORE SIZES ARE
BROKEN, AND AVOID THE UN
FLEASANT EXPERIENCE OF DIS
APPOINTMENT. This is an extremely good looking sho
A model of grace, beauty and distincti: n;
a style that the most particular, disci in
itiating woman w ill delight in weari g.
Made or ttelcrt White Hra.iMall Kid. it i! h
I ace T:p, Covered Heel with Ahiniin 111
plate and flexible turned soles. A W N
DUIt VALUE AT $ti.U5 A PAIR.
Lingerie Blouses
At 98c, $1.49 up to $5.00
AT EACH AND EVERY PRICE beginning at 9Sc and ranging up
wards to $.".no joit will (ind an especially tine showing. The Blouses are
made of all kinds of sheer materials adapted for summer wear. So
heautitully dt-slgimd and so variously trimmed that to attempt descrip
tion would be tolly.
BUT WE CAN TELL YOU MOST EMPHATICALLY THAT YOU
VILL FIND ALL T.HAT IS ATTRACTIVE AND ENOUGH STYLES
TO PLEASE EVERY FANCY AND EVERY NEED.
It is best now to plan for warm summer days that are sure to follow,
by laying in a supply or these lovely little Blouses while stocks are com
plete. You caniiot fail to be surprised at the attractiveness of these
charmingly beautiful Lingerie Blouses and the low prices we've attached
to them.
$1.25 Middy Blouses Qgc
i
MIDDY BLOUSES thai pusses? slyle. as well es quality of fabric
and making; models that are reajly becoming and lend an attractivene?H
to the wearer. Some plain straight Middies, others made coat style, in
all white, or white with large sailor collar, cufia. nelt and pockets of some
blight plain color, or striped material others trimmed with colored wash
braid, buttons and piping, regular $1.25 values on sale Monday for 98c.
Heatherbloom
Petticoats $1.19
The keen judge of good value can
not fail to appreciate this splendid
Petticoat buruiu for Monday al
though (iil'ered ut a very low price,
they ate very desirable and give en
t're satisfaction as to the service they
will render. They're the famou
Heatbertilooni Petticoats; in hlacK ami
Dresden patterns, lull cut. deep
lluiimcs. well made Special at $1 19.
Elastic Top Sports Corsets '. ty
Priced At $225 and $3.50
CORRECT POISE, and easy graceful stride, buoyancy and
vibrant health, are attributes which become yours when you wear
the New Elastic Top Sport Corset; they may be had in the ROYAL
WORCESTER make at $2.23. and the "BON TON" at $3.50.
YOU FEEL THEM ONLY for their pleasing support And
they have shaping power, concealing the defects and emphasizing
the naturally good points of your form. Serviceable and satisfying
are these modish corsets ASK TO SEE THEM TOMORROW. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 10, 1917.
THREE
NATIONALS
(By Review Leased Wire).
CHICAGO, June 9. Schupp held
Chicago to three hits today and New
York won.
New York ......000 200 020 4 5 1
Chicago 000 000 0000 3 0
. Batteries: -Schupp and Rariden: De
maree, Rrendergast and Elliott.
Cincinnati 2; Brooklyn 1.
CINCINNATI. June 9. By bunching
three of their five hits in the third In
mng, tjmcinnau toon tne opening
game of the series from Brooklyn.
Score R.H. E.
Brooklyn 000 001 0001, 7 0
Cincinnati 002 000 00 2 5 0
Batteries: Cadore and Myers;
Schneider. Eller and Wingo.
Boston 6; Pittsburgh S.
PITTSBURGH. June 9. In its first
appearance here this season Boston
won . a lo'osely played game from
Pittsburgh.
R. H. E.
020 003 0016 12 2
000 023 0005 10 0
Tyler and Tragressor;
Score
Boston . . .
Pittsburgh .
Batteries:
Grimes, Carlson and V. Wagner.
(PhiladeIphia-St. Louis caie post
poned : rain.
(By Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON. June 9. Chicago
went into the lead in the American
league race today by defeating Wash
ington, 5 to 4, wuile Boftpn was los
ing l'j Detroit. .
Score R. H. E.
Chicago .: 121 100 00O 5 11 0
shin?ton 200 100 001 i 10 0
Batteries: Scott, Danlorjh and
Lyna; Harper, Gallia and Ainsnith.
COWN MAKES STOUT
- WOMEN SEEM SUM
- ?i
r
.. -. . - ,. - K -:i i
. : ,. 1 (
" l -t m
; ..' V'- . .
v.-
, Detroit 1; Bcston 0.
BOSTON. June 9. Detroit ousted
Boston from first place by wibuing to-,
day's game. Bostun couid not hit
when hits were needed.
Score R. H. E.
Detroit . 0-00 000 0101 7 0
BosvVn 000 000 0000 9 1
;Batteries: Ehmke and Spencer,
Stallage; Shore and Cady.
Philadelphai 2; St. Louis 7.
PHILADELPHIA. June 9. Philadel
phia defeated St. Louis (in a pitcher's
battle between R. Johnson and Groom.
The game was won in the eighth when
Bates scored on his yingJe and a triple
by Mclnnis.
Score R.H. E.
St Louis 100 000 0001 6 1
Philadelphia 001 000 01 2 7 2
Batteries: Groom and Severeld; R.
Jnhn3o:i and Schane. ' t
Cleveland 2; New York 0.
SEW YORK, June 9. New York
could not hit C'jveloskie and Cleveland
won, 2 to 0. It was Coveleskie's sec
ond shut-out against the Yankees this
season.
Score ' R. H. E.
Cleveland . .....010 000 100 2 9 0
New York . . . ... 000 000 000 0 5 0
Batteries: Coveleskie and O'Neill;
Shocker and Waiters.
-r-.T.er ; -- .
:a'y in
'.'i '"ay i':.v:;.s ;
r;.r vt'.-jt b.:-!-.-s
f - rrea::ir"..
::iy i
r.il. orf c::i.'a
.m; ""id :v ":e
nv?3 a sveit, i'.aiuuw-i.ie appear-,
mre.
. : ..III: tl:V!
:.v.;: ;hst will in
laipen.j-s
) m -oni'crn'js.-'
: cr. tum; is ;i
r-,-.i:i'ie mode!
ji'v.-s of bnt-:-'!
of which
HOW THEY STAND
National Leagaue.
Team Won. Lost.
Philde'.phia 25 14
New York 25 15
Chicago i 28 20
St. Louis 24 20
Cincinnati 22 27
Brooklyn 15 22
Boston 15 22
Pittsburgh . 15 29
American League.
Team Won. Lost.
Chicago "2 15
Boston ..29 15
New York , .' . 24 20
Cleveland 2 24
Detroit 20 24
SU Louis 18 27
Washington . ..; 17 29
Philadelphia 15 27
Pet.
.641
.625
.583
.545
.449
.405
.405
.341
i .
Pet.
.6S.
.6o!i
.5'i-
.520
.100
.?7y
C. 5 S. TAKES FOURTH STRAIGHT
DEFEAT IN SLOW GUE YESTERDAY
!
The C. & A. nine received Its fourth
consecutive defeat yesterday ifter
noon at the hands of the Cole Tigers,
by a score of 11 t'j 2. The C. it A.
sackers lost through pror fielding,
poor pitching, and an absence of stick
wielding. It was one of the slowest
games that the league has staged this
year.
Geel and Erwin composed the bat
teries of the Tigers. Geel has a very
peculiar underhand delivery, which
was baffling to the batter. Sjme of
the players who faced him swung
foot from the ball. He held the C. &
A. team runle.ss for seven innings, and
no dangerous balls were batted during
that time.
Martin starte'd pitching for the C. &
A. and held down the mound until the
fourth inning, when he was replaced
by Yeager.
Yeager was a wild thrower, used lit
tle judgment, and was a poor batter.
Sanchez was behind the bat for the C.
& A. team during the game. The
Tigers went through eight innings
without an en'jr, but made two in the
last session. The C. & A. bunch piled
up nine errors to its credit.
Harkins and Crowley, were the um
pires. The game by innings follows:
First inning, no runs on either side.
Second inning, two runs for the Tigers.
During this Inning, the two Cowan
boys, holding down shortstop and first.
respectively, made a brilliant double
play.
The third session was played off
w ithout any runs on either side. The
fourth inning was the same as the
third. In the firth inning, W. Cowan,
who was the individual star of the
game, brought in a run for the Tigers.
The C. &. A. boys were "retired without
a run.
Neither side scored in the sixth ses
sion. W. Cowan started off the sev
enth by bringing In a run. When Geel
stepped up to the plate, Treu, Erwin
and Baugh were occupying the bases
on passes. Geel shimmed out a hot
liner, and through an entir by the C.
& A. third baseman, the three men
scored, and Geel landed on third. Geel
then scored, making five runs in this
inning for the Tigers. Anhier brought
in one run for the C. & A. nine.
The eighth inning passed without
either team reaching home. Baugh
and Erwin scored during the ninth for
the Tigers and Cox made one run for
the C. & A.
During the heat of the game, a small
fire broke out underneath the grand
stand, among the seat cushions, but
was sm'othered without any material
damage. It was, started presumably
by a cigarette dropped through the
flooring of the stand.
This afternoon, the Copper Queen
league toppers and the Junction-Briggs
team will face each other In what is
expected to be a real battle. The
Junction-Briggs sacker s have been
coming to the front in great style, and
will probably give the Queen team a
hard tussle.
tM 13
ti ICS
9 .
I . --J.ffl&r-
K fit. U -toIU
f -tit.:' ;-4V rt,--cA 1
FIWI gtL Wki "' Fair 1eat-" !E?
11 l l i lJ . -.. . J I C -M..-T IH II ill .A
n n H h IB it u m fl a m Kv
I !! J
if.'
LACK SAPETYTREADJIRESW;- lM
a-
0
E
u
PARTS
FINANCE"
t
Coast Results
At San Francisco
I.'js Angeles
Oakland N
Btteries: Crand.tll and
Prough, Beer and Murray.
R.H. E.
..3 7 3
..0 4 4
Bassler;
At LVs Angeles
San Francisco
Vernon
Batteries: Oldham
R.H. E.
14 17 2
6 6 4
and Baker;
Mitchell. Johnson. Fromme and Mitze.
Southern Association
Western League
,At Denver First game: R. H. E.
Lincoln 11 17 10
Denver ..12 16 4
Batteries: Gardiner, Zink and Rohr
er; Smithson, Manser and Shestak.
Second game:. R. II. E.
Lincoln 1 6 0
Denver 2 6 0
Batteries: Zink and Rohrer; Man
ser and Shestak (eight innings by
agreement).
New Orleans, 9; Atlanta. 2.
Birmingham, 6; Mobile, 3.
Nashville, J; Little Rock, 3.
Chattan'joga, 5; Memphis, 3.
I' MAM
THE HOT WEATHER is
here and we have a large
sized Palm Leaf Fan
FREE For every adult in
the city who will call at
our store. Pfease do not
send children as these
fans cost too much to be
given out indiscriminate-
Iy.
L G man
At Wichita R. H. E.
Sioux City 10 10 3
Wichita 0 4 6
Batteries: Gaspar and Crosby; Tor
res, Clemons, Lyons, Norman and
White, Yaryan.
At Joplin R. H. E.
Omaha .v 1 7 5
Joplin . 4 9 1
Batteries: Currie and Brottem;
Hall and Monroe.
At St. Joseph R. H. E.
Dcs Moines . 5 9 0
St. Joseph .1 6 3
Batteries: Ber.ter and Spahr;
Wright, Graham, Hovlik and Powell.
American Association
At Louisville, 4; Milwaukee, 0.
At Toledo, 4; Minneapolis, 0.
Kansas City-Columbus, rain.
Indianapolis-Kansas City, rain.
CHARLIE WHITE EASILY
WINS FROM TILLMAN
(By Review Leased Wire.)
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., June . 9.
Charlie White, of Chicago, had a clear
margin over Johnny Tillman, of Min
neapolis, In a fast ten-round battle
here today. Tillman jvas floored in
the second, fifth and seventh iVmnds,
the bell saving him twice. White
weighed 136 12 and Tinman 138.
Has a Good Opinion of Chamberlain's
Tablets.
"Chamberlain's Tablets are a won
! der. I never sold anything that beat
! them," writes F. B. Tressy, Richmond,
i Ky. When troubled with indigestion
or tonstipation, give them a trial.
j AdvertisemenL
"The hardest part we ever have to
fill in making pictures." said Robert
Ross, who assists Otis Turner in mak
ing the George Walsh photoplays for
William Fox, "is that of a bellboy.
I've seen the most practised and ex
perienced actors fail miserably when
they tried such a role, and it seems on
its face to be easy.
"In making our last production.
'High Finance,' we tried seven differ
ent boys for such a part, ev'en the
seventh did not do the scene as well
as it required.
"But patience was exhausted, and
we had to use his 'take; ' Things
reached such a pass that, if I had been
th.i right build, I'd have tried being
?. bellboy myself."
If he had, Mr. Ross would have suc
ceeded. Besides beng one of tlie
most efficient assistant directors on
' c Fox lot. Bob Ross is one of the
best, actors. In a recent Walsh photo
p'.ry, "Melting Millions," Mr. Ross had
a small part to do that of a "drunk"
:i a taxicab. He played It well
en nigh to get a laugh out of every
fret of film, when the drama was
;!:'n to an audience.
"High Finance" will be shown for
the last time at the Eagle today.
MARY MILES M1NTER
IS SURROUNDED BY
A
T
BLUEBIRD PICTURE TODAY
Lynn F. Reynolds has contributed
another Bluebird to the screen and,
under the title of "Mutiny," it will be
exhibited at the Star theatre today,
with Myrtle Gonzalez, Val Paul and
George Hernandez playing the lead
ing roles. While this is a story of!
the sea, the Otie is especially well
chosen, as there is a mutiny of love
as well as rebellion on ship-board.
Thrilling scenes and gripping situa
tions abound in this highly sensation
al feature, bringing the work .fully up :
to the stnadard Lynn F. Reynolds has
set in his previous productions.
James Kirkwood, director of the
Mary Miles Minter production, "The
Gentle Intruder," which Is the sixth
of this young star's American-Mutual
productions, has surrounded the star
with a wisely chosen cast.
Playing opposite Miss Minter is
George Fisher. This is the first time
Mr. Fisher has appeared with the
young American star and he does very
good work in his role of a good-hearted
son of a socially ambitious family,
whose missteps following too sudden
prosperity are the mean's of Miss Min
ter's regeneration of the family.
Eugenie Ford gives a very clever
characterization of the" socially ambi
tious wife whose God is position and
wealth and who looks with disdain on
anyone not possessing these requi
sites. Harvey Clark does some splendid
acting as the lawyer tortured by a
guilty conscience.
Marie Van Tassell as the spinsterly
aunt will stand out as one of the
comedy characters of the play.
Franklin Ritchie appears as the
nobleman seeking an American heir
ess to fill his empty coffers.
George Periolat Is the eccentric
uncle and bequeathor of a fortune.
"The Gentle Intrduer" is the bill at
the Orpheum today.
ILLIONS of miles of roughing it ever
the worst roads of our country produce
Goodriqh. Black Safety Treads the
TESTED TIRES of America.
Millions of miles of mauling against the teeth
of the road corifirm Goodrich's UNIT MOLD,
unbroken cure, as the BEST construction for
fabric tires.
Millions of miles ground over sand, rock and
gravel by Goodrich's Six Fleets of Test Cars
eliminate the RISK, preserve the BEST, in
tires for you.
Million of miles whirled off by tha tix fleet
amidst New England hill, the pin lands of
Dixie, the peaks of Yellowstone) and Glacier
Parks, on the plains of Kansas, beside the
Minnesota lakes, and along the Pacific Coast
make Goodrich Tires TESTED by ALL America.
Get the" benefit of the lessons of these mil
lions of miles of tire testing only the BEST
. survives THE TEST in Goodrich, matchless
fabric tires Black Safety Treads. ,
THE B. F. GOODRICH CO.
Akron, Ohio
Goodrich alo mkes the famous
Silvwtown Cord Taw, which won
the 1916 Racing Championship
Also the Jkst Tubes Urmcn and Graf
Best
the Long Ran"
ft
PHONE 5
WE SELL GOODRICH TIRES
N BISBEE AUTO CO.
(The Fieri eer Garage)
MAIN STREET
IVitolox
i
Russia has offered 40,000 ounces of
platinum to the United Staets for
scientific use.
"I was raised in the South, subject
to malarial conditions all my life.
During my sixty odd years I have
j probably taken a oarrel of medicine.
Some time ago I got a dollar bottle
i cf Vitolox, and I must say this remedy'
I seems to take more poison from the
system than anything I ever took. I
have gained several pounds and feel
' like a new man."
J. G. CANNON,
McGOFFIN AVE..
EL PASO. TEX.
6 Bottles will cure any case of mus
cular or Inflammatory rheumatism.,
Sold on a guarantee. 1
Santa Cataliita
sands
Enjoy your summer outing at this beautiful isle of the Pacific
where the air is delightful and where the Bathing, Boating and Fishing
cannot be surpassed.
BAND CONCERTS and DANCING, beginning June 30th, free only
to the patrons of the Wilmington Transportation Company (Banning
Line), operating steamers "Cabri.lo" and "Hermosa."
The ideal resort at which to spend your vacation.
ISLAND VILLA and CANVAS CITY are special features. Good
accomodations at moderate rates.
BANNING, COMPANY, Agents.
104 Pacific Electric Building. .Los Angeles, California.
1
Thousands of K
fmnsMiM Alt! !Amm,1
lichens
L - 11 7 S
K i : ISI Al " T
li'
I
li
BESSIE LDVE IN A
NEW LOVE STORY AT
' GENTRAL TONIGHT
"Nina, the Flower Girl," with Bes
sie Love in the title role, will be seen
at the Central theatre tonight, in this
latest Triangle-Fine Arts play starring
Miss Love she is seen as a blind g;irl
whose sight is restored through the
kindness of wealthy people, who stop
In the street one day to buy from hcr
tray of flowers. The love story of
the play concerns Nina and Jimmie, a
crippled newsboy, whom she believes
to be as straight and strong as Apollo. :
Jimmie's Joy is mixed with grief whei
he learns that Nina is going to be
able to see him, but before that time'
comes the doctors have removed his
deformity as well as her sightlessness.
The latest Mack Sennett-Keystone
"Villa M the Moy'es," will also he
shown at the Central tonight.
Will Be
This Summer
"" iv?.:!
j
Will Yours?
GAS RANGES
Equip your kitchen with a GAS RANGE and a GAS FIRED WATER HEATER and free your kitchen
tasks from all disagreeable features. . .... --i,,.-., ,
CLEAN practically withut effort on your part, b ecause dust and ashes are eliminated, EFFICIENT, be-
" J 1 . ' 1 . Ml 1 1 Ill
cause a gas range ana water neater wr.i ao your cooKing ana Daiang
and provide abundant hot water at the lowest possible expenditure of
time and fuel.
FORMER CORNELL ATHLETE i
STAR OF DENVER MEET
ill I - 1 II
1
DENVER. June 9. Lee Talboit, for
mer Cornell athlete representing the
Kansas City Athletic club, was the
star of the second annual track and
field meet of the Denver Athletic club ,
for amateurs tonight. He broke the
state records for both the shotput and
the hammer throw, making marks of j
44 feet 7 Inches and 52.55 feet, respec-1
Uvely. I
V OAS RANOES
COMFORTABLE not only in a physical sense, but because of
relief from the many worries that beset the particular housekeeper who
must depend upon an uncertain coal range.
We have a complete assortment of gas ranges on display, as well
as the different types of water heater. An investigation will place you
under no obligation. Call at our store or ask us to send a representative.
Bisbee Improvement Co.
I
!
8
i FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 10, 1917.
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered at Soond Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Underj Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH $ .75
THREE MONTHS 2.25
SIX MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.60
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year., J.50
SUXOAY (Our Weekly) per Quarter...'. 75
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
PHONE NO. 39.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbre
Daily Review before 8 a. m. wilt cet one promptly bx
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning tlie
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review wtll con
sider it a favor If the Irregularity of delivery Is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Sunday Morning, June 10, 1917.
THE LAST LAP.
With $700,000,000 yet to be subscribed to the Lib
erty Loan, the entire country la on Its toes; ready
for the final effort; ready to prove to the world that
we are what we claim to be a people, who want and
desire democracy so bad that we will fight for its
principles.
Subscriptions to the loan will be closed on Friday,
June 15. The raising of this sum of money will be
the best indication of the people's faith in their own
government and in their own institutions. It will
spell either immediate victory or a long drawn-out
struggle.
During this week the people of the United States
must get down to business.. Every possible channel
of revenue must be urged to pour its golden stream
into Uncle Sam's coffers. Every man and woman
must be urged to take his or her share of responsi
bility squarely upon his or her shoulders. The people
must realize by this time, that this war is every
body's; It does not belong to any class.
Arizona has been accused of a lack of interest in
the Liberty Bond. Let it never 'be said that this
state, replete with possibilities and with chance, has
been slow to respond to our birthright. In the War
ren District it would seem that the majority of peo
ple but require someone to urge upon them the nec
essity of buying a bond. This was proven by the
response, yesterday, made to the committees which
worked in various parts of the community.
Every man and woman in Bisbee should 'have a
bond. Any man and woman can secure one, upon
the most advantageous terms. i Any man or woman
can cultivate the habit of investment and at the same
time aid the nation in financing the world's greatest
war.
THE FIRST STEP.
Yesterday the board of supervisors of Cochise county,
acting under the authority conferred on the body by the
Highway Commission law, named fire residents of Co
chise county upon the first highway commission to be
constituted in the state of Arizona. This action fore
casts a change in the administration of roads and the suc
cessful termination to much opposition which has, hith
erto, been voiced against such improvement.
Those constituting the commission are: Mayor W. M.
Adamson, Harry Clark, boUi of Douglas, A. H. Gardner,
Tombstone, J. J. Bowen and Capt. J. P. Hodgson of
Bisbee.
Under the provisions of the law these five men serve
the people of the county without remuneration. It will
be their work to see that a bond issue, porviding for a
road from the state line, on the east, to the county line
on the west, is properly expended. The appointments in
clude some of the best known business and technical
men in the entire state of Arizona. That they will see to
It that any money's received from bond issues are prop
erly handled goes without saying.
The action of the board of supervisors indicates that
Cochise County will soon be called upon to vote upon
a bond issue to Improve the roads through the southern
region of the county. The people of the county, with the
personnel of the commission known to them, will not hesi
tate to build good roads.
' They will get their money's worth.
FEWER TRAINS.
The railroads are cutting out frills and getting down
to fundamental business. Passenger schedules are being
mercilessly slashed for the sake of greater efficiency
and economy. Many roads have announced that they
will not put on their usual summer service of special
trains. Picnic trains and excursion trains In general are
abolished. Service on branch lines is curtailed. There
has been little interference as yet with the regular pas
senger service on the main lines, but that too may suffer
curtailment.
The public will kick, hut the public will have to stand
it. The railroads are doing it witli the consent of the In
terstate commerce commission. They may take a secret
satisfaction in eliminating a lot of small, troublesome
and poorly paying passenger traffic, but they have the
best of reasons. The changes are made in order to con
centrate on the freight traffic. It is less Important for
people to be carried back aud forth for work or pleasure
in comfortable trains and at convenient times than it is'
for the food and munitions and miscellaneous merchandise
of the country to move promptly and dependably. The
omission of all passenger trains not absolutely needed will
leave the tracks more free for freight trains, release large
numbers of railroad employees to help handle freight,
and save a large amount of coal.
People must put up with it as cheerfully as they can.
It's one of the necessary inconveniences of war. At this
time of world-wide sacrifice everybody has to expect in
terferences with his personal rights or privileges for the
public benefit. We'll be lucky if we don't suffer for more
serious hardships before we're through.
PuncHy Paragraph
And Painful Poetry
IF RUSSIA GIVES UP
By BRINK ERHOFF.
SLACKER OR QUITTER?
The word "slacker" waa borrowed from England when
we entered the war. It wasn't exactly American Amer
icans had never used it familiarly in their ordinary work
and talk, as the British had. But we needed some such
term to serve a sudden need, and it did pretty well.
Our people, however, can always be depended on to
supply a word or phrase to fit a given fact or situation,
and they have done so now. The men who are trying to
shirk their duty to their country are being designated
today as plain "quitters."
Every American knows what that means. It may be
slang, but that's nothing against it And it's good enough,
anyhow, to be recognized by the Century Dictionary in
this luminous definition: "One who quits, especially a
contestant in any manly sport who shirks although phy
sically fit; hense. a shirker; a coward." v
Doesn't that fill the bill? Let's have no more talk of
"slackers."
"Quitters" Is not only the American vernacular, but it
actually means more. There's a worse sting to K. And
therefore it tends to correct the very evil it Is aimed at.
Every American hats to be called a "quitter."
- Another Americanism with a punch in it is rapidly tak
ing the place of the familiar phrase, "doing one's bit."
Instead of being urged to "do their bit," Americans are
now being exhorted to "come across." There's a special
fitness in that phrase as applied to the war loan. But it's
appropriate to any form of war sacrifice, and by no means
least appropriate when taken literally instead of figur
atively, with reference to the Atlantic ocean.
Your Girl's Folks.
Sometimes when your girl's folks
Bit around later than they should, you
wi.sh you could think of some way to
get them out of his room. Many a
young man makes the mistake of be
ing I'jo polite to the old folks. They
get the Idea that he in interested in
their anecdotes and childhood memor
ies. The best plan Is to pay as little
attention to them as possible. As a
rule, the old gentleman is the hardest
one to squelch. When everything else
fails and as a last resort you might
simply say to him, in a nice way,
"Wouldn't it be about time to tend to
the cat?" When he has left the room
hang a "Positively No Admittance"
sign on the outside of the door and
back the piano against it.
Today's Sneer.
Some pick their friends forever and
some pick their friends for suckers.
BOTTLED SUNLIGHT.
A wonderful advance in lighting methods may be fore
cast in the announcement of an invention by a Pittsburgh
engineer and manufacturer named Ethan I. Dodds. He is
reported to have solved the mystery of the firefly and
worked out a method of making big, practical fireflies of
his own.
The "lightning bug" has always been the envy of
scientists because it produces light without heat How
it makes the light has never been satisfactorily explained,
Mr: Dodds says that it simply absorbs daylight or sun
light and lets it out at night according to its needs.
He spent several hundred thousand dollars analyzing
the firefly's light plant, isolating the particular element
that catches and holds the light, combining that element
with radium and applying it to his own use. The final
result is a glass bulb coated inside with a whitish sub
stance, enclosing an inner bulb, with a vacuum between
the two, after the manner of a thermos bottle. He holds
this double bulb in the sunlight or sticks an incandescent
lamp inside it for a few seconds, and then it gives out a
steady, cold light which doesn't wholly fade for several
hours.
Now that Mr. Dodds has his artificial firefly, he doesn't
know what to do with It. He says the government may
have It if it wants it. He thinks it would be useful n
submarines, where electric power must be carefully con
served. His diea is to rig up incandescent lights inside
his bulbs, arranging them so that they would flash for 20
seconds out each hour. That, he says, would suffice to
store the bulbs with power to omit continuously nearly
as much light as the incandescent lamp would if turned
on the whole time.
This Is simply . "bottled light." If his light bottles can
do what he claims for them, and if they are not too ex
pensive to make, we may eventually be using them to
light our houses with.
The Knat
The little knat is small and spry,
A distant cousin of the fly;
He loves from place to place to speed
And will not sit at home and read.
who
was
Fable.
There was an Earnest Youth
had finished Night School and
all Set to Strive Onward.
He believed that Industry and Ap
plication were Golden Keys and that
it was Folly to wear fancy Neckties
and such Fal-lals. He had no patience
with the Rogueries of Youth and never
joined the other Lads in their Car
ousels. He believed all the Copy-book Max
ims and always wore his rubbers.
When he graduated at the head of the
class all Vf the faculty said he had
O' ' T -- . -
. . . 1,1 -
L& AS r14
OPEN FORUMS FOR FREE SPEECH.
In Bfiston there is an auditorium called Ford Hall.
Daniel S. Ford left a legacy to build it, and in it on Sun
day nights meetings are held where people of all faiths
or none come to hear lectures followed by open discus
sions. Daniel Ford was a Baptist, and the hall is sup
ported by Baptists. Recently one of the lectures was
given by a Catholic priest, and audience comprised Jews,
Catholics, Protestants or a dozen varieties, agnostics,
anarchists, socialists and people of about all the brands
of belief and unbelief, economic and religious, whkh
there are In the country.
That is real democracy. That sort of thing is always
broadening and useful. But the open forum or today Is
more than that. It is a safety valve. It lets people talk
their emotions out without rioting. It gives every man
with Ideas to express a sense of the country's fair play.
Shutting down meetings simply sends the would-be
masters off seething under the sense of Injustice. It
makes martyrs of them. They become dangerous. Free
speech Is not only one of the highest privilege of a dem
ocracy, but it is also one of its best Baft-guards. Mors
open forums should be the aim of most communities,
and when the restless ones want to talk, let 'em talk.
Germany Is gloating over the claim that she has sun
several million tons or merchantmen. But wait, till she
gets the bill for them!
If a furrier Is a man who deals in furs, a currier must
be a ttiau who deals In furs.
Bright Prospects. His classmates con
sidered that he was a Horrible Exam
ple and a fine Simp. His folks be
lieved that he would soon get a remun
erative Position and pay them back
the Hard-earned they had Dished out
for his Schooling.
His first job was a humble one, but
he knew hat Industry and Persever
ance would always deliver. His boss
was a great Crab, but when it came to
sparring with Discouragement our
hero could take an awful beating.
At the end of two years be had the
assistant manager's job and quite a
little stock in the business.
Moral One never knows.
Happy Thought.
Get under a grin and you'll soon get
over your grouch.
Shoestrings.
The Man who invented the shoe
string probably thought it was a great
tiling. He felt most likely when he
bad the idea that it was his duty Vj
give it to the world.
When he had thought the thing all
out he probably turned to his wife and
said. "Dear, I am going to invent shoe
strings. They will probably cause a
lot of pain and anger in this world,
but I think it is for the best. Besides.
I may make a little piece of change
out of the idea and you've been holler
ins for a set Vf fox furs."
Then he made the drawings and blue
prints and had the shoestrings invent
ed and created a great stir.
Lots of other inventors thought,
"Why didn't I think of that: So sim
ple, too. What else would you put jn
the holes la a shoe?"
That man is forgotten now, of
course, and his wife has probably worn
out the set of fox furs. But we often
"Well, he tried to start something.
"Yeah?"
"Yes. His car."
How to Get Into Trouble.
Forget the number of 'jur sleeper
berth.
Toss an egg into an electric fan.
Tell your wife everything.
Listen to an auto salesman.
Endow your worldly goods.
It . ) Your M
'4- P Country I
IJ MJULii j YQWSeI
You Can't Be Sure.
Who always wears a smiling phiz.
Perhaps a blessed lite is his.
Perhaps he finds at peace his soul
And he is happy, on the whole.
That he should never fail to greet
With smiles whomever he may meet,
And then, again, perhaps the smile
Is but a i'jw and cunning wiie.
Remaps he comes to borrow, bea.
To make a touch or pull your leg.
Or sell you paper-knives or yeast.
We've noticed this of smiles, at ieast,
A many men who loath to work
Are handy with the oily smirk'
If there is a nian whe gets greater
pleasure than pain out of his vanity,
he is the w'orld's greatest Fool.
1 a ar4
wish that he had" tried to Invent some
thing else say a new explosive that
worked better than he figured on. So
that instead of fox furs his wife would
want a new set of weeds.
That man could never say that the
world Is a happier place i'jr his hav
ing lived. He has been the cause of
more rage and coarse' language tiian
probably any other one man.
Few of us would care to confess
some of the things that have happened
when we have been alone with a weak
shoestring. A man who is patient ami
quiet In everything else w ill curse hor
ribly when his shoestring breaks.
Shoestrings bring out the very worst
in one's character.
Shoes Would look funny ami would
be hard to keep .on without shoe
strings, but one often feels that it
would have been (or the best if they
had never been Invented.
It Kicked.
"1 see Pjones is till banged up. Been
scrapiiiug with someone?"
Remnants.
There is some u&e for everything in ,
toe world, but the world has no use
ior a kuocker.
Women almost always keep the lit-'
tie things they love, and yet they do :
love secrets.
Most people acknow ledge their I
shortcomings in the hope of being con i
tradicted.
There appears i'j be nothing bo un-1
interesting as the things we are ah I
agreed on. j
It should humiliate the kaiser to
dear that Carranz aproposes to fight
him for his barbarous inhumanity anu
his crimes against civilization.
There should be a sympathy be
tween the incubator chick and the
child who is raised in a fiat.
The present milu winter Indicates
that we'll have a late spring. Better
not set out any plants till August.
SOME WILL OFFER THEIR LIVES
OTHERS WILL LOAN THEIR MONEY
to Their Country
As compared with that cf the men at the front the lot of most of our
citizens is an easy one.
The least that you can do is to subscribe to the LIBERTY LOAN OF
1917 which must be made an overwhelming success!
By subscribing to this loan you will be doing your duty as a citizen
and your money will be invested in the safest security in the world.
Your interest return will be satisfactory 3V4 per cent.
Subscriptions of at least $50 should be received from everyone.
Protect your country, your family, yourself!
ACT TODAY!
rt. rxr. r
UU3 AJ l
Not a Modest Lamb.
Though once it's true a little lamb
Would I'jIIow Mary on the way,
No little lamb would follow her
Had Mary lived today. s
A modest lamb would hardly care
To follow Mary as she goes
About today dressed as she is
111 such outlandish clothes.
So Mary now has never lambs.
Perhaps the reason is to laugh,
Vju'U never see a lamb with her.
Though you may see a calf '.
The Journal ol Commerce computes
the output of railroad and industrial
securities in May at I 1S.3ihi.00U. the
smallest since November, 1911. when
the amount was ?27.7S.fiini. The
amount Issued during five months end
ed in May was ?S87.:12.800. against $1.
1SL491,:'00 in the ;aue ycn'jd iu 1910.
With Money
That's the way wealth has been gained ever since the
world started.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is making money for you with the four per cent
interest which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT
GROW!
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street 4 Bisbee, Arizona.
Will E. McKee, President C. A. McDonald, Cashltr
O. W. Wolf, Assistant Cashier.
TKF DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS THE BIS I EE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 10, 1917.
FIVE
RED CROSS CLASSES
WILLEEGONOl'OTEQ
IN VARRErl DiSTRiGT
Local Committee Announces
Courses In Dietetics, Ele
mentary Hygiene And Sur
gical Preparations.
v-oT RnARFBLE riCTURE EVER TAKEN IN SUBMARINE ZONE ,
V.:
0 Ife !
.lS
i
.us
X
' : ' - v . - -i
Members of the Warren District
Red Cross Nursing Committee yester
day announced to those wishing to
quality as nurses, aids or home nurses
that four separate courses are essent
ial before enrollment, namely: first
aid, home dietetics, elementary hy
giene and home care of the sick, and
preparation of surgical dressings.
Two courses in first aid have al
ready been given, one by Dr. Bowker
and another by Dr. Durfee, and
others will follow.
The object of the course of home
dietetics is to teach women the proper
selection and nutritive value of foodj
and the importance of a well-balanced
diet for adult and child, the sick and
well, in order that they may not only
understand the underlying principles,
but apply such knowledge to the prac
tical performance of buying, cooking I
and serving in their own jiome. j
Elementary Hygiene. ' ! nreuared by volunteer
The primary object of the elenien-j throughout the country shall meet the
tary hygiene and home care of the: standard requirements as established
sick course is to teach women per i by the American lied Cross, classes
sonal and household hygiene in order! under qualified instructors are being
that they may acquire those habits f! organized. Classes may be undeT dir
right living which will aid in the pre-jpctiun 0f Red Cross chapters or in
vention of sickness and the upbuild-! dividual groups.
ing of a strong and vigorous people, These classes are not only expected
and to. give them simple instruction t0 teach "unifornitiy in the preparation
in the care of the sick hi their own ; of dressings, but to prepare instruc
homea which will fit them to render! tors wiJO will be needed in order that
intelligently such service as may beCorrect methods may be widely dis
safely entrusted to them. Prepared-j sf.minated.
ness along the line of instruction de-, he course in dietetics is given by
veloced by this course may well be of!an enrolled Red Cross dietition, and. ...tt, a PpiiHnii spt-
as great importance to a household ; the conrses in elementary hygiene, lk,ment near Gi(;ndaie, this county,
or a community as far use in behalf, honie of the sick and preparation j wenJ. tQ jail thlg afternoon w!tll eIab.
This picture is the most remark
able ever taken in the submarine
one, and shows how modern pirates,
peratinp; out of Vv'ilbelmshaven,
treat every harmless passenger ves
!cl, whether friend or foe, that comes
r. their path. Photo was taken from
me of the torpedoed ship's boat as
'' was pulling- away fiorn the sinking
irtim, and shows men escaping from
' e doomed vessel. Men can be seen
!Mins: down the ropes, and the
r2sh of or.e of the men hitting the
- ,ter can be seen. The only change
' rr.a mc have to live i? that they
!. yl-V. -'i vp otrckly. 'u" no ore
!.):-' ::rvivr in these v. ters.
workers ;
37 RUSSIAN COLONISTS GO 10
JAIL AT PHOENIX AFTER WILD
PFIOTEST AGAINST REGISTRATION
(By Review Leased Wire). j ed States Attorney Langston that they
PHOENIX. June 9. Thirty-seven . couiu n-Ji register, ana mey repeaiea
of the country at large. j 0f surgical dressings are given by en
Prepares For Service. rolled Red Cross nurses. The exam-
' This c'jurse is also required as j iners are appointed by the national,
preparation for service in connection , conimittee and at the end of each j
with the base hospital units now be-,course a certificate will be given to!
ing organized by the American. R2dithot,e wno have passed the required j
Cross for service in the war. In sel- examinations. Those desiring further;
ecting women for such service the . information may call on Miss oyer, I
orate ceremony for refusing to regis
ter tor the selective draft. At a meet
ing last night between the leaders of
the colony the latter stated that those
of military age would c'jnie to the city
this afternoon, when a decision would
be made whether they would register.
Only thirty-seven of those of regis-
preierence win oe g lu u. at the v.. c. A.; .r3 f tration ase reported, though many of
nave iiau ui , pen, copper yueeu iiu., ",,,,, settlement men and women, clad
mentary hygiene sna home care 01 i Hunt, Mason Hill or Mrs. Charles
the sick, but also the other courses j uower. of Warren,
of instruction offered, including first!
that they had been enjoined by the
Holy Ghost two years ago from doing
so. They said that their refusal was
final. When they were ordered under
arrest, the thirty-seven were surround
ed by the women and the elders and
there was auother religious ceremony
of singing, prayer and dancing. So
furious was the last named ceremonial
tuat the courthouse seemed to rock.
Amid the sobbing of the women, the
young men were led to jail.
tho settlement men and women.
in white, came. They entered the city
j in a street car, the women sitting,
j They marched in a body to the fi'jnt of
con-! the courthouse, where a religious cere
that inony was held, after which the pro-
aid. These courses may be taken in
any sequence desired, as they are not j WASHINGTON', June 9. A
they are to be studied depends upon1 one cf the two missing lifeboats of the cess.on moved to due of the superior
the convenience of the pupil. torpedoed steamer Southland bad , court rooms
In order that' surgical dressing ! been picked up containing 16 men. There they, informed Assistant L n.t-
I ' ' Y (Copyrifbt tronatA. 1917)
I, pi J most alwaj-s
i MV " I It s tins that
; f- i i diffci
wS( TIM
ITALIAN COMMISSION
FINISHES BUSINESS
A V elcome
that Makes Good
Once you. go to the Willard Service
Station you'll go again, because you get
something more than service.
(By Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON, June 9. The Ital
ian war mission virtually completed
its conference with American officials
today.
It was understood there was a com
plete agreement for c6-operatlon be
tween this government and Italy, in
cluding unlimited finances and indust
rial aid from the United States.
Whether the mission will leave
Monday for the tour, delayed by the
'llness of the Prince of Udine, re
mained undetermined. It having fin
ished its official duties, the mission is
anxious to return to Italy. If the
Prince's condition will not permit him
to travel early next week the mission
probably will start on its tour without
him. It was announced tonight the
Prince had entirely recovered from his
illness but would not be strong enough
to travel for a few days.
Guglielmo Marconi, the scientific
member of the mission, is particularly
anxious to return to his laboratories to
resume his interrupted labors on anti
submarine devices. Today he con
ferred on i anti-submarine .methods
with the naval consulting board and
the British and French scientific com
missions in the United States.
You get a real welcome.
It may express itself in a bit of sound
advice about the care of jour battery or
a book on battery health. But it's al-
something more
makes Willard service
'ent.
If you haven't already received a
Willard Service Card, stop in for one.
It entitles you to free hydrometer testing
twice every month the first step in the
prevention of batter,' trouble.
We have a rental battery for you if
yours needs repairs.
LOIIMAN Cl WRIGHT
Cer.ird Theatre Bldg. Lowell, Ariz.
PREMIER AGENT PLANS
NOVEL DEMONSTRATION
For the purpose of proving his
claims that the Premier is the easiest
car to handle over any kind of road,
K. P. Norton, Cochise distributor for
Premier and Dort cars, will drive
through the district between four and
six o'clock Monday afternoon with his
haryls handcuffed to the steering
wheel of one of the large Premier
models. The hanilcufTd will be locked
on by City Marshal Jimmie Allison
and the entire run made under the
watchful eye of the police department.
Norton will seek the most difficult
roads and the most congested sec
tions of the district to demonstrate
the simplicity of handling the Pre
mier, by means of the automohile
electric gear shift, in all kinds of
traffic. He will not take his hands
from the steering goar during the
two hours.
r.1
'ViLLA OF THE MOVIES'
AT ORPHEM TOMORROW
"Villa of the Movies," the latest and
most popular Mack Scnnett-Keystone
comedy, will be shown at the Orplieum
tomorrow, in addition to Bessie Ixve
I In "Nina, the Flower Cirl." The new
i Keysfone is described as the best ever
I put out by the Keystone company.
Helping To Make Your House Into a Home
I
I M V ' V Li W ' ,11 '
if ii
Tti's r
mm
KI.P.?yA
ILiO
Fix The Home For Summer Comfort
Every wanted article awaits you here. A larger and more com
prehensive stock to choose from most homes need new equipment
for the summer months. You will find everything here to make the
home more livable for the hot days.
' Come in and let us figure with you. We are sure we can arrange
satisfactory credit terms.
MESH BAGS REPAIRED
Bring in your old mesh bag this week. We will repair the
mesh, reline and resilver any mesh bag, regardless of its size or
condition '
And Make It Look Just Like New For Only
BEFORE
9(Dc
JEWELRY DEPARTMENT
AFTER
Have You Tried One
Of Our Little Salesmen?
Have you tried one of our little
talesmen?
The classified advertising column of
The Bisbee Daily Review is the beet
selling, buying, renting and exchange
medium in the county. If you have
anything to sell, If ycu want to buy
anything, if you- are looking fer a
house or apartment or if you have one
you would like to sell or rent; in fact.
If you have anything you want to se'l
or if there is anything you want to
buy and don't knew where to look
for it
Try a Review Want Ad
And Save Time and Money
Review Want Ads Have Helped Thousands They will Help You.
J fr Hf, -..:;vvitLii.)jfll rt, .ii WJAI f
The "TON FORD" TRUCK ATTACHMENT
SPECIFICATIONS OF "TON-FORD" ATTACHMENTS.
AXLK Solid one-piece forging 2x2 35 Point Carbon Steel.
BEARINGS Large Size Timken r,earings.
BRAKES Lined service brakes on rear wheels. (Double internal expanding extra
large surface operated by loot pedal, eliminating Ford transmission brake, emergency
brakes on jack shaft. ,
CAPACITY 2.000 lbs. load besides body.
DitlVE Double roller chains.
FRAME 4 inch extra heavy channel steel.
HEIGHT 30 inches from ground to hais.
SPRINGS Two side 2 1-4 inch semi elliptic and Cross Helper Spring.
TIRES Solid pressed on 32x3 Firestone.
WHEELS Extra heavy best quality special made.
(GEARED t-to 1. or 7 to 1, doubling Ford Power.)
WHEEL BASE 124 inches.
A FEW SATISFIED USERS.
Tacific Light & Power Co.. Valvoline Oil Co t American Film Co 1
operating 12 xs Angeles Tacking Co . 3 L-KO Film Co 1
Southern California Gas Co 0 Hobart Nursery 1 ljinkershira Ice Co 1
Southern California Gas Co 6 ... , n - i
L. A Gas & Electric Co !) -Montgomery Mullin Lumber I o 1 Chaffee P.asket Grocery Co 1
Southern California Edison Co... 2 Doran. Broiise A- Price 1 Charles Kerr 2
I'nlon lc Co 2 Western Pijie &. Steel Co 1 Jordt Bros 2
Wilshire Oil Co 1 1'niim Oil Co 2 Anne Brass . 1
Morris Packing Co 1 Economy Paper Co 2 Lucerne Creamery to 1
Woodward -Bennett Co 2 Rivers Brothers 1 Dutomuian Hardware 1
Hammond Lumber Co. I Klein-Simpson Fruit Co. :.l Van Borst Furniturp Ci, , J
Llewellyn Iron Works."." 1 L. W. Stock well I Paul Howard Hon. Estab'.
Pinney & Boyle Co 1 Petersen Produce Co. 1 Meese-Gottfried Co. ..it
Union Hardware & Met af Co 2 Natlck House Hotel Co 1 S. Ishimitau ,1 1 :.-.--t
National Ice Co California Hardware Co 1 Hayward Lumber Co -.3
Brunswig Drug Co 2 Weaver Toultry Ranch 1 Patten-Davis Lumber Co 7
ROSS CUNNICK
EXCLUSIVE DISTRIBUTOR FOR COCHISE COUNTY
DOUGLAS, ARIZONA. SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 10, 1917.
Ell TROOPS THROW
rllO PANIC AS BRITISH
AITiS BOMBARD LINE
Hundreds of English Machines Steal Over Teuton Positions
During Night And, When Terrific Messines Battle Is
Launched, Hurl Tons of Explosives From Sky And Pour
Raid of Lead Into Enemy Organizations; Supremacy of
Air Clearly Demonstrated.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
BRITISH HEADQUARTERS IN FRANCE, via London,
June 10. (1 :22 a. m.) The manner in which the Brit
ish flying corps' dominated the air during the battle of
Alessines ridge on Thursday and completely smothered the
German aviation srvice for the time being is one of the most
thrilling and remarkable stories of the entire war.
Hundreds of British planes were well over the German
lines when the battle broke into its fury. at dawn. They had
stolenjover during the darker intervals of the brief night when
the moon was hidden by storm clouds. Other hundreds went
aloft with the first faint streaks of coming dawn, and guided
by the flashes of the guns, flew into the thickest of the fighting.
Stations Bombarded.
During the night British machines bombarded enemy rail
way stations, and communicating trenches. Others hovered
above German airdromes and circled low among airplane sheds
and fired hundreds of rounds from machine guns into them
and prevented the enemy machines from coming out. Later
in the day while the fighting was most intense, British airmen
dropped about three tons of bombs on the German flying
grounds as a further deterrent, which proved highly effective.
In addition to shutting the German airmen out of any
early participattion in the battle, the British airplanes were
in a large degree responsible for the fact that the Germans
could not launch a counter attack of appreciable strength until
forty hours after the battle for the ridge began and every bit
of ground desired by the British in this particular operation
had been taken and secured. ' -
FIRST SUBMARINE EXHIBITED IN NEW YORK
A
&AA
T
V'" ? It' -
(V'l vJ', w v
.... H:A
"
w mm
I The Cerman army under Crown
' Prince P.upprecht, of Bavaria, appar
I ently has not recovered from the
I blow made ap-ainst its lines Routh of
I Ypres by the second r.ritish army
, Thursday. Shaken by the mine ex
i plosions and the terrific bombardment
! of the British cuns. the Germans lost
j mere than 7,000 prisoners and have
made no strong effort to retake the
j lost positions.
Their unavailing attacks of Fridav
hav'ng been stopped, the Germans Sat-
; urday renewed their attempt and
; were content to use only their artil
) lery in a duel with the P.ritish. The
i newly pained ground having been torn
I by the mine explosions end filled with
I shell craters, the British were busy
i Saturday in organizing their new posi
tions. They found time, however, to
, externa their pains slightly on the
right bank of the nine-mile front.
. In addition to losing mcrre than
' 7.000 prisoners in the British drive
Jf I he Aiuir,:r..im oix
-7 wih aliirini-Lc Kicsr ctujt
$2150
HERE
Taking the Holland through stieets of New Ytrlt.
1 ' : I
i -it:
t The Ilolland, the first submarine ever made and rancd tifter its it
ventor, is now on exhibition at he Bronx Internationa! er.ooiiUon, Ne
I York city, in the buildinp caiit he 1'ahicc of Americu.i Ac i.fcYcnier.
The photo shows the llol!.-.-.d m.Ltr escort cf a brigatiu of naval scout)
! en route to the exposition grounds.
VENGEANCE DEMANDED ! ABANDON ALL HOPE
BY MOB IN MISSOURI
(unoj 93bj no pantrpnoo)
Search Out Troops.'
Far back of the German lines the
British planes searched out troops in
every hamlet, town and village. In
several" places .they saw them gath
ering or marching in the main streets,
whereupon they flew down low at
times and opened fire which scattered
the Germans in all directions.
All pilot3 report that their accurate
fire had a most demoralizing effect
upon the hostile troops. Convoys and
ammunition and supply columns were
attacked- while on the march and the
disorganized men left their teams and
automobiles on the road while they
sought shelter. in nearby ditches.
Airplanes attacked troops in the
support trenches and sent them scur
rying to the cover of heir dugouts.
One pilot made so many of these at
tacks that he finally ran ou of am
munition, but he delivered ,his last
stroke by letting go his signal rockets
at a piatoon of soldiers who, evident
ly horrible new style of war frightful
ness, fled in nil directions. German
trooos were fird upon in the more
distant back areas as they were en
training for the front Many of the
enemy retreating from the British at
tack and hiding in shell holes were
seen by the low-flying airmen and
pelted with bullets.
Wrecks Automobile
One British pilot patrolled a road
for half an hour before he saw any
thing to shoot at. Then a German
military automobile with three officers
sitting in the back seat came along.
The British pilot dived at them from
a height of 300 feet firing as he came.
He flew so low that evidently the
wheels of his machine touched them.
They swerved Into a ditch while go
ing at forty miles an hour and crashed
into a tree. . This same pilot later
came across an active field battery and
charged them, scattering the gun crew
and hitting a number of them. Still
farther along he attacked a column of
Germans marching in fours, the col
umn broke when he opened fire, scat
tering to both s'des of the road. At
no time during his stay Inside the Ger
man lines was this pilot more than
500 feet from the ground. 0
Large numbers of British machines
were on contact patrol work, flying
low over the advancing lines of In
fantry, constantly . watching their
movements, their progress; any tem
porary reverse, any attempt to form
counter attacks, and all the while
sending detailed reports back to corps
and army headquarters. The Infan
try commanders said it gave their men
great comfort and a great sense of pro
tection to have their planes flying bo
confidently just above them and ex
changing sitmals with them.
14 Plane Lost.
Of the fourteen planes lost during
the day of the battle, a majority were
contact machines. They had to fly
through a frightful storm of their own
as well as the enemy's fire, and they
succumbed to chance blows from these
exploding missiles.
Late on the day of the battle when
the enemy machines had finally ar
rived from more distant airdomes,
there was some good hard fighting in
the air. with collisions barely averted,
counted in the fighting, some flopping
about until they broke up in the air
and others being driven down on their
noses Into yellow buttercup fields so
far back of the fighting line that no
shell had ever marred the symmetry
of the landscape.
One British pilot who returned to
home station for new supplies of pe
trol and ammunition declared it was
the most daneerous dav's flvine- he
ever participated in. "Because," h
added, "there are so many of our ma
chines that you can hardly find a
place for yourself."
So complete was the British domin
ion of the air along the front of at
tack that not a single one of the Brit
ish artillery observing airplanes was
lost during the attack. - During the bat
tle British airplanes also attacked and
silenced several enemy machine gun
positions. They also made their usu
al attacks on German anti-aircraft bat
teries. Both yesterday and today Brit
ish pilots have complained at their in
ability to get any considerable num
bers of Germans to come up and fight
The spirit of these youthful daredevils
of the air is described by a brilliant
Canadian flier attached to the British
troops who was told he must take a
day off yesterday after a week cf
steady flying. He a skied permission
to fly 30 miles or so down the line to
lunch with friends in one of the Ca
nadian divisions. This was readily
given, but instead of flying down alpng
the British line he crossed over be
hind the German lines and had eight
fights on the way and brought down
two German machines.
VILLA TROOPS ARE
JOINING FORCES IN
STATE OFGHIHUAHUA
Garrison At Aldama Is Driven
Toward State Capital After
Three -hour Battle With
Bandits.
EL PASO. Tex June 9. A battle
between Villa followers and govern
ment troops took place Tuesday at
Aldama, twenty miles northeast of Chi
huahua City on the wagon road to
Ojinaga, a report received here by
government agents from Chihuahua
City tonight stated. The battle lasted
three hours and resulted in the small
garrison being driven 'jut of the plaza
and to the state capital. Mexican Con
sul Eduardo Soriano Bravo said to
night he had received a report of a
skirmish at. Aldama, Tuesday, but bad
no details, he said.
Villa was reported at Coyame, 45
miles southwest of Ojinaga, Wednes
day, with his main command. A small
force of his followers under Captain
Aranda arrived at Mulato, on the bor
der, and announced they had quit Vil
la. ,
Canuto Reyes, a former Villa com
mander, and Marcelo Oaraveo, who
was a general with Orozco, were also
reported by government agents to be
advancing northward with their com
mands to form a junction with Villa.
A fight at Ortiz, 6 miles south of Chi
huahua City, was reported to have
taken place yesterday between rebels
and government troops and the oppos
ing force was believed to hare been
that of Reyes and Oaraveo, who are
moving up the Ctmchos river to Join
Villa,
topsy, when the band of kidnapers who
took him from his home Wednesday
night of last week, began to fear cap
ture. Tonight scores Xt Springfield
men in Automobiles were hurrying in
pursuit of the county sheriffs automo
bile. In which seven persons suspected
of complicity in the kidnaping and
murder were being sped to the state
prison at Jefferson City. Openly the
pursuers have declared their intention
of taking summary vengeance upon the
perpetrators jf the crime.
Body in Well.
The body of the 14-montbs-old child
was found shortly beiore noon today
by a sheriffs posse which had gone to
a "haunted" house long since aban
doned in the Ozark mountains, eight
miles southwest 'of here. In some way
not yet explained, the sheriff was told
last night that trace of the child could
be found on the farm. Straight away
he left Springfield with deputies and
the long search began before midnight.
At ncton they thought of the well. A
deputy was lowered into the opening
while others held him by his feet. And
there was found the body of "Buddie"
Kept wrapped in the pink blanket
which was upOa his bed the night he
was stolen. A woman's skirt; too, of
black silk, was wrapped around the
body and was the only evidence left
by those who threw the baby into the
water.
Tornado Interferes.
J. Holland Keet, the wealthy father,
was given an opportunity to ransom
his son. Then the elements, and pos
sibly his friends, combined to defeat
the rescue. Shortly after the kidnap
ing Mr. Keet received an anonymous
letter directing him to proceed by au
tomobile along a certain country dis
trict the coming night When he ob
served a lighted lantern by the road
side, the letter directed, he was to
drive on for a mile, return and ex
change $6,000 for the child.
But that night a tornado descended
upon the country. R'oads were all but
impassable and rain fell in torrents.
Nevertheless the anxious father start
ed his Journey, followed by friends in
other automobiles, and though he
drove until dawn he did not receive the
signal.
From day to day the search for'
Lloyd grew more minute. The county
authorities bent every ener- In their
effort to catch the kidnapers and to
save the child. Arrests were made, !
and seven persons are held charged
with conspiracy to kidnap other per
sons, but ' not one was definitely
charged with taking Buddie Keet. To
day federal agents joined in the
search, though Juat what led them to ;
aid in unraveling the mystery has not :
been learned.
Mother Prostrated.
This city, knowing that little Lloyd
had been killed, was aroused tonight
as It has not been for many years. As ;
a result authorities were taking every :
precaution to prevent violence and ef-
forts were being made to cajiji the
crowds that grouped everywhere along
the streets, discussing the tragedy. No
secret vas made of the crowd's feel
ing and threats of lynching were heard
openly.
Mrs. Keet the baby's mother, was
on the verge of a complete breakdown
tonight, physicians attending her said.
The father, too. was grlef-strirken.
Mr. Keet repeatedly had offered to
pay any ransom sum demanded and
promised at one time that he would
not press the prosecution if the babyj
OF SAVING MINERS
ENTOMBED AT BUTTE
(Continued from pope one.)
(and the subsequent fighting since
: Thursday morning, the Germans lost
a large number of guns, machine gun3
i find trench mortars,
i Demand for-trial and punishment
; of Nicholas Romanoff, the deposed em
i Tieror, is growing throughout Russia.
The trews of three Russian warship3
have asked that the former emperor
be confined at Kronstadt until he is
placed on trial and they threaten force
j if their demand Is rejected,
i Both official and unofficial dis-
patches show that the Germans mad?
'determined efforts Friday night to re
instate themselves in the Messines
I salient from which the Eritsh drove
j them in" Thursday's memorable at
tack. j General Plummer's operation had
J been too well planned and executed.
; however, and his men were too well
j vlaced in their new positions, for the
j German effort to have any measure of
I success. The British brought up their
I artillery with extraordinary prompti
I tude and although they had to fight
j the Germans a .hard battle along the
' six-mile front, they held their line in
tact and inflicted frightful losses upon
the enemy.
Meanwhile the British troops in
other sectors of the front carried out
nn operation that was much more
than a mere raid in force along the
" vi HE aluminum motor in
1 Premier weighs 255 pounds
less than the same motor
'would weigh if it were made of cast
iron instead of Lynite aluminum.
Think of the increased snap and gin
ger the removal, of this dead weight
means and the increased ease in
sleerin z
E. P. NORTON,
Distributor
Lowell, Aiizona
4n
ft
t
ft .
:. ' '
m r
they were unable to recover. Forty
dead dead had been taken out up to i;ne from t.a Bassee to well south of
tonight. " ; Lens. In one strutch of two miles
Many At Work.
It had been planned to attempt to
hoist eleven bodies through the High
Ore mine of the Aanconda Mining
Company, but a shifting in the air
currents drove out the helmet men
and to prevent the High Ore mine and ,
others from filling with gas, bulkhead-
ing was started early tonight and the
bdoies will be walled in with concrete:
until some future day when the extin-,
south of Lens they penetrated half a
mile into the German positions, cap
turing prisoners and machine guns
and inflicting heavy Josses. These
seem to presage a1 spetdy attempt to
clean up the situation around the
I.ons coal district, to which the Ger
mans have been clinging for several
weeks.
Reports from the Messines battle
area show that more than 30 guns
guishing of the , fire will permit re- WPre taken from the Germans in the
cdTPfy. The entire mine rescue or- j British attack while many others wera
ganization of Butte is at work buried in the debris caused by the
terrific bombardment and mine ex
Two local men were notified last plosions,
night that a brother of each had been The Italians have indicated that
killed in the Butte disaster yesterday.
They left last night for Butte.
AMERICAN SHIP WINS
FIGHT WITH SUBMARINE
AN ATLANTA PORT. June 9. A
running fight with a German submar-
i
j they are expecting an Austrian offen
! -ive in the Trentino. There is no in
dication of any such contemplated at
tack as yet. the reports announcing
only normal activities in the Tren
t'no. The Austrians are still contest
ing the ground occupied by the"Ital-j
ians In their notable thrust forj
ine In which forty two shots were urea Trjeste. however, and attacked sev-i
was reported today by the armed Am- erai times Friday night. The Italians
erican steamship Virginian upon her' j)t,at off all these assaults.
arrival from a French port. j There has been little military activ-
j ify along the Russian front but the
AMERICAN COMMISSION j Germans evidently have been busy in
IS NOW IN SIBERIA other ways, for Petrozrad reports a
IRKUTS, Siberia, June 9 Elihu ' wireless message sent to the Russian
Root and the other members of the armies by the German commander in
American commission to Russia ar- j ctijef on the eastern front in an ar
rived today enroute for Petrograd. , tempt to inveigle them rnto an armis
T.he commission was enthusiastically j tice and secret negotiations with the
greeted at the larger stations along j German leaders. The council of sol
the route. tier's" and workmen's delegates have
T 7TT : ' " t, i denounced the German effort to induce
should be returned to him. Consist- tfco Ru,anB to play their allips false.
ficrals for the murder of th baby was
TO THE EAST
Daily to September 30th. Final return limit Octob
ber 31 st
TO CALIFORNIA
Daily to September 3Clh. Fmal return limit No
vember 30th.
"THE LODGE" CLOUDCROFT
Open Now. Special round trip fares on sale daily
to September 15th. Final return limit Sept. 30th.
Low round trip fares will be in effect providing
liberal stopovers Diverse Routes.
Ask your agent for fuy particlars. He will glad
ly help you plan your trip and make your Pullman
reservations.
Or Address.
GARNETT KING,
General Pass. Agent, El Paso, Texts.
Review Want Ads for Results
that searching parties at one time had
been so close to the kidnapers that it
became necessary for them to seek
safety in flight and had killed the lit
tle fellow.
"WALLY" SCHWARTZ LEAVES.
Wallace K. Schwartz left last night
for a few days trip to the coast. He
went on business and expects to re
turn the latter part of this week.
est W ay
TO SAVE MONEY TO BUY LIBERTY BONDS IS
TO BUY YOUR GROCERIES AND
MEATS FROM
w eiio
oume
Dodos
THOSE WHO PAY CASH PAY LESS. THEY
SOON WILL BE A MONTH AHEAD INSTEAD OF
A MONTH BEHIND. TWO STORES BISBEE
PHONE 432 JOHNSON ADDITION PHONE 18S.
o Business As Usual
ONLY MORESO.
"In that slogan lies the welfare of our
Nation," said Louis V. Hill, chairman of
the Board of Directors of the Great Northern
Railway.
And that is practically the same admoni
tion that lias betn given to us by the great
est leaders of our country since the begin
ning cf this great struggle.
We who are in business and manufactur
ing pursuits must continue to keep our in
dustries running to full capacity to fill the
tremendous requirements of both our na
tion and its people.
The demand for our products and our
merchandise is here and will remain. We
must till this demand to the best of our
ability.
For ourselves we say that Schweitzer
Serviie will serve you Immediately, efficient
ly, and with the best, in their line, In the
entire world. j
T
WIRE, WRITE OR PHONE.
Schweitzer Machine Co.
MINING, IRRIGATION AND POWER MACHINERY
135 So. Sixth Avenue
TUCSON, ARIZONA
326-334 Washington
PHOENIX, ARIZONA 0
SEVEN
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 10, 1917.
h .CAMERA CATCHES GERMANS DRIVING FRENCH INTO SLAVERY,
Mining and Financial News
Work To Be Started On
by Review leased wire
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK, June 9. Trading was
active tot both accounts today after an
irregular opening. The advance began
with a brisk inquiry for motor shares
and soon extended to the general list.
General Motors gained almost seven
points, Studebaker over four, and oth
ers of that division XVt to 2hk points.
Other striking features' of the short
session were Industrial Alcohol which
rose almost four points to 170, a
new high record; Distillers' Securities
a related issue meanwhile rising four
points to 25.
United States Steel was under mod
erate pressure, closing at 131 un
changed from the previous day.
The steel tonnage statement for
May shbwed a decrease of almost 300,
000 tons from the high water mark
established the previous month, but
the volume of unfilled orders was suf
ficiently large to indicate that the
mills of the corporation still are taxed
to capacity.
Copper and line shares, oils and
sugars registered gross gains of 1 to
5 points.
Total sales 450,000 shares.
The bank statement again reflected
the enormous shifting of local moneys
in connection with the Liberty Loan,
Th federal reserve banks showed an
Increase from this source of slightly
over $61,000,000. Excess reserves con-
tracted about $28,000,000. a decrease
of almost $108,000,000 In the past
fr-irht Actual loans expanded by
more than $95,000,000.
An advance of 1 points in Lacka
wanna Steel fives featured the broad
er bond market. Total sales, par
value, $1,157,000.
United States bonds were down
to 2 1-3 per cent on call for the week.
; CHICAGO GRAINS.
CHICAGO, June 9. Big jumps in
wheat prices took place today as a
result of the smallness of the 1917
crop indicated by the government re-
port. After an extreme leap or io
cents a bushel, the market closed firm
7 to 11 net higher, with July at 235!
end September at 202. Corn gained;
to 7 oats 1 to 2, and provisions i
15 to 30 cents. j
The official estimate on the total!
yield in the United States this sea -
son was only 16.000,000 bushels more,
than was harvested in 1916. At an av-
enm rate of consumption, this would
allow not to exceed 36,000,000 bushels
for shipment to Europe.
Activity on a broad scale, character-
the corn market. Heavy buying
made prices advance rapidly. The chief
stimulus to purchase came from cold
weather. Considerable buying was said
to be in progress on the theory that
corn would be in urgent demand for
feeding.
Bullish constructions of the govern -
ment crop report tended to lift oats,
Provisions went upward with rain.
'
METAL MARKET.
vrir vnpr Tim a ft Ponner firm:
electrolytic snot and nearby 3234;
third quarter and later deliveries 2950
32.
Bar silver 75.
1
NEW YORK, June 9. The motor
shares which for a considerable per -
iod have been the "object of much
nipnaure disDlaved a reversal form
today on buying principally in the na
ture of short covering and some for
a fresh lonog account. The increased
demand for the shares in this depart
ment was Inspired chiefly by the pub
licity given to the government's in
tention to endeavor to make the fly-
ing machine more effective in pres -
ent warfare, this leading to the belief
that automobile companies may divert
much of their effort to turn out the
tvnp of motor ureently needed. The
strength in the motor department im-
parted a certain amount of firmness to
ihe list in general but a broad out -
Kirie demand failed to evince itself
again, emphaszing the theory that for
I the time being public buying power
has about spent itself. Then too. it
was apparent that slight upturns en-
countered rather liberal offerings and
not a few are inclined to believe that
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
n
AND
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST.
PHONE 26
nil rail lli i
Stocks
unless new bullish influence of a
more forceful factor assert themselves
that constructive operations may not
meet with the same success as in the
recent past.
Closing Quotations, June 9, 1917,
(By L. J. Overlockj.)
NEW YORK.
Anaconda
American Can
American Car ... .
American Locomotive ... .
American Smelter
American Sugar
Atchison
B. & O...,
Baldwin ..'
C. & O
C. F. & I
Canadian Pacific
Central Leather
Crucible Steel ,
Distillers ... 1 . .
Erie ... .".
Goodrich Rubber
General Motor
Industrial Alcohol ..'
Mercantile Marine
Mercantile Marine Pfd ....
Maxwell
86
51
77
74
110
125
102
72
67
60
56
162
98
82
26
53
110
166
28
82
52
66
101
JEdvale Steel
j Mexican Petroleum
flew rork central 31
j Northern Pacific 104 V
j Pennsylvania 53
: Reading 95
United States Rubber 63
1 T" Lit. m i j v A a -
nepuunc eieei ana iron m
Studebaker ... 83
United States Seel 131
United States Steel Tfd
St. Paul 75
Southern Pacific 93
Union Pacific 137
United Fruit 139
United States Metals 62
Westinghouse 54
BOSTON.
j Aavniure ... 2
J A"oues ' 5
l0
Alaska 5
American Zinc 34
Butte 46
Calumet and Arizona 80
Calumet and Hecla 530
Copper Range 82
Chino 60
East Butte 13
Granby 36
Goldfield Consolidated 45
Goldfield 50
Hancock 15
Indiana 2
, inspiration copper 60
Kennecott 48
j Keweenaw 1
j Lake Copper 13
LaSalle ... -. 3
; Miami 41
Mohawk 91
. Mayflower ; 2
j Nevada 26
' North Butte 19
; Nipissing 1 7
; Old Dominion 64
I Osceola 89
I Pond Creek 26
Quincy ... 86
(Ray Consonildated 31
Shattuck 27
Shannon Copper 8 '4
I Superior Boston . . . . 5
! St. Marys 81
j Utah Copper 116
Utah Consolidated 16
Winona 34
CURBS.
Arkansas and Arizona 13
Austin Amazon
Big Jim '.
Big Ledse 3
1 Butt ana London i.1
j Bisbee Copper
Cal. & Jerome 1
Cornelia 17 ,
; Crystal 1
Con. Arizona
j Consolidated Copper Mines
1 Denn ...
Dundee
2
6
18
1
, Emma
, Fortuna 9
, Federal Oil 5
Gadsden 2
j Grand Island , 20
j Green Monster 1
i Hcwe Sound 5
Hecia
7
IHull
Inspi
Copper 30
ration Needles
Jerome Verde 1
.rerome Victor
Magma Copper 45
Magma Chief
Miami Consolidated 13
Monster Chief '4
Magnate 88
Pittsburg 4
Bay Here. . . '
Santa Rita
Tom Reed
Tono Boll
T'nited Eastern
Tnited Westi-rn
Verde Extension
Verde Combination
3
176
4
4i
2
39 '4
OATMAN
(By Collins & Bretherton.)
Bid
1 Arizona Rex
Big Jim -70
Gold Rcrd
Gold Cliff
Telluride
Tom Reed
United Eastern 4.12
.United Western 02
Red Lion . .,
Ask
.23
.71
.05
.15
.20
1.86
4.25
.03
.20
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden
.2.00
2.06
0 French civilians being deported to Germany.
Thousands of ablebodied men, women and children in the occupied territory of Belgium and France W
been deSortS I to Germany were as slaves of their Teuton masters they have been compelled at the bayonet j
S to Paid I their enemies This photograph was taken by a German ofl.cer and given to a rre.ich winan x
tfe wSipied tfw,, Gently when the French recaptured the village it was found in her potseiuon. j
Green Monster 1-00
Butte London 20
Dundee 87
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome 50
Jerome Verde 1-87
Ark-Arizona 18
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles 12
Hull Copper 30
Magma Chief 37
rt'olv-Arizona 1.75
Miami Mother Lode
Verde Combination 50
Miami Consolidated 13
liisbee Copper . . . ."" 50
Butte Arizona
Santa Cruz Bisbee
Jerome Daisy
.Vacozari Consolidated ...
Verde Apex
Calumet Oil
1.25
22!
1.12
10 !
S7 !
1-9 j
22 '
3
.25'
, -38
.50
2.00
.50
.75
.15
.62
.05
.27
.50 I
.42
.20
.32
Chairman Dennian, of the federal
shipping board, referring to the state
ment of the American Bridge company
that it will turn out its first steel ship
of 4,500 tons in six months, and there
after one a day, asks if, after six
niuuiua Ul v'"""
in this country can produce a ship a
day, how many submarines a day cap
a greater part of industrial Germany ,
produce after three years or more of j
preparation?
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
You
W orry
We have the best methanics that it is possible to
get and they can attend to your motor troubles
Don't allow lack of attention to your car to cause
you future inconvenience.
If there is anything wrong let us FIX IT.
We handle a large assortment of accessories Vee
dol lubricants and the work1, famous Diamond Tires.
Long Trail
Fhone 831
Remember, our motto:
Rheumatic Shsoid
Rheumatism in its early stages may
delude you into believinpr that it is ft
disease of a purely local and tempo
rary nature. Beyond a slight numb
ness of the limbs and pain3 in the
joints or back, there may be no out
ward indications of it, but if yov do
not heed these warnings, or if "ou
rely upon liniments to cure you, it via
prow rapidly worse until you havo
Eheumatism in its most violent form.
These symptoms, mild in the begin
ning but growing steadily worse, indi
cate that your blood i3 impregnated
THE CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY
121 So. Central Ave. Phoenix, Arizona.
We specialize in ; Incorporating. Organizing and
Corporate Auditing and Supervise Meetings of Stock
holders and Directors of Corporations.
Write for Booklet "System and the Corporation '
P. O. Box 277R, Phoenix, Arizona.
WILL MOTOR TO NORTHWEST
John Torrence. and V'Sar MatM
ew8 ieft yesterday morning for the
northwest. They expect to make ihe
entire trip by motor, stopping along
the way aud visiting the various joints
of interest. They will return about the
Brst of October.
The Wabash railroad has raised its ; .,
passenger rate from 2 to 2.4 ccnta per ;
I mile to all points on the system in Illi- j
nois, to form a basis of a test case cn i
the 2-cent passenger rate in that state.
: Grain alcohol advertisements for or
! ders for alcohol will be barred from
' the mails when addressed to dry terri
i i'jry, according to tee postoffice de
partment interpretation of the Reed
amendment.
The Mexican deaartment of com'
merce has under consideration a law
giving foreigners owning pi'jperty
within 100 kilometers of the coast or
50 kilometers of the b. rdcr, the choice
hotopon rolinnnishine nroDertV riehts
or renouncing treaty rights. Corpora- j
! be given six months, under tlie meas-
ure, to incorporate under Mexican
laws.
TOO LATE TO CCASSIFY.
I WANTED Furniture and
' Green 696.
oil
stove.
782 j
iou
Johnson Addition
"Courtesy and Efficiency."
02 fjippad in TI;3 Bud
v:ith Uric Acid, which, if not eradi
cated, wili contaminate your entire
system. The- results will be racking
pains in the joints, muscles and limbs,
chronic stomach troubles ,and a slug
gish !iver.
The only relief i3 in the restoration
of th'! blood to its normal, vigorous
condition, which can be accomplished
by taking S. S. S., the unfailing
remedy for rheumatic troubles. Our
Medical Department is at the disposal
of all users ' f S. S. S. Swift Specific
Co., 03 Swii't Building, Atlanta, Ga.
let
bets dp
"RUSTLES" SUPPLIES 1
FOR THE U. S. ARMY
I i4 TJ3S i
i
1 1
j
I '
1 1
j
(
'I
fllajor Gen. Henry G. Sharpe.
The quartermaster corps is V:
1'iisiness establishment of the army.:
It is a most business-like utTi;i,
headed by Major Gen. Henry G i
Sharpe. a veteran of the service, wkc
for many years supervised all pur ;
chases of supplies and equipmen?
rther than ordnance for the army
Tlie quartermaster corps embodies
the old pay corps and commissary
department. i
CHICAGO UNIVERSITY
TRACK CHAMPIONSHIP
(By Review Leased Wire).
ClIICAtiO. June 9. Piling up 31 1-2
points, the Cniversity of Chicago tri
imphed over 17 other universities and
t'olleces in winning the heventeeiitU
annual truck and field championship
of the Western inter-collegiate confer
ence today.
The L'nivcr.-ity of Illinois, which
scored in every event except one, was
second with 41 1-2 points, and the Uni
versity of Missouri, through the pi'jw
fss of Robert Simpson, tile world's
champion liuiiiler, scored 21 points lor
third place. Oberlin college was fourth
with 10 points.
Two conference records were siiat
tcre'l. Kail, of Oherlin, clipped 3 ".-5
seconds olf the rei'.ird x'or the mile run,
and lligins; of Chicago, hurled the
javelin 101 feet and 11 inches, heating
the former record, held !y Arhuckle,
of I'tinine, by 22 feet. The record for
the mile viis previously held by Ivan
Myers, ot IVpuuw university.
Sol Ilutlcr, a negro representing Du
buque college, broUe the American inter-collegiate
record with a leap of 21
feet 6 inches In the broad jump, but
I was disqualified as ofiiiiuls ruled he
Vouched ground at tlie take olf.
Simpson, competing for the la.-t time
for Missoi.ri, was the iMdivldu.il Rlur
of the meet. He bagged 16 ol Mis
souri's points.
y V'
s ' 7 Z -
The closing of a deal with big New York interests to handle
400.000 shares of MICHIGAN VERDE, assures quick action in devel
oping this supreme copper prespect in the close-in BILLION DOLLAR
section of the Jerome District.
A development campaign is now being outlined and it is probable
that diamond drilling will be started this month, to prove up the rich
ore body which every existing condition promises so positively will be
found near the great blow-out which has produced enormous riches
for Senator Clark of the United Verde.
tfr' U vCVvA I t cieoPATA K I
f .ulCfrtKtfowWf I ' cV- ) r
With its hupe acreage, deeded straight to the Michigan Verde Cop
per Company; its low capitalization; its capable and aggressive man
agement, we believe beyond any possible shadow of a doubt that the
Michigan Verde cannot be equaled as an investment promising rich
returns.
When antive work is started, the price of Michigan Verde will
steadily r.:a, and under the remarkably favorable conditions which
exist, a few dollars invested in thia stock today at 50 cents per share
we believe wiii ultimately increase more than a hundred fold. It
gives every logical promise of eventually reaching the Hundred Dol
lar per share mark. Buy today because it wen't be obtainable long
at 50 cents per share. ,
FREDERICK OVERFIELD, Representative.
With I. W. Wallace, No. 7 Main Street
BISBEE, ARIZONA
Western Copper Syndicate
PHOENIX,
AFTER JUNE 15
We will discontinue allowing discount on time pay
ments but will continue to allow discount for cash.
Arizona
Phone 170
Kft vie vv w ant Ads Drmcr itesuii
IMPORTANT FACTORS WHICH MAKE
LI
I i L!
At 20c A Share
The Best Buy of the Day
It is a good investment as the company is capitalized for only
450,000 shares with all but 212.500 being used for treasury purposes,
while most mining companies have a capital of 1,000,000 or more
shares, 2-3 or more of it outstanding and which usually sells at a
higher price, so that the same amount of money does not buy as large
an interest.
It is a good investment as the property is well located, adjoining
the Ray Silver-Lead and the Ray-Broken Hill, both of which have con
siderable ore developed and the trend of the ore in each is toward
the Little Bobbie, and besides Is only about 't mile from Ray Con.
It is a good investment because mining is being conducted by tun
neling which is the cheapest and quickest way; no expensive hoisting
machinery and apparatus, no deep shaft to timber, no water to
pump, etc.
It is a good investment because a few dollars invested in this
stock may make you financially independent for lite, as nothing gives
such large returns as a good mining investment, and this is one.
It is a good investment because the mining engineer who reported
on the property makes the following statement:
"I hereby endorse and recommend this property for devleopment
and there is little chance of not developing large bodies of gold, silver,
lead and probably copper."
CALL OR WRITE FOR PARTICULARS V
J. F. O'CONNOR
ANTLERS HOTEL
We
ARIZONA
Grocery
Main Street
BUtSBli-
BISBEE. ARIZONA EIGHT
TO STIMULATE RECRUITING
"X
Th Maiii Tiiji
i iic new lyt; u
Theatre
Continuous Commencing 1 :15
EVERY PROGRAM A FEATURE
EVERY FEATURE A MASTERPIECE
The American Film Corporation Presents The Most
' Lovable of All Screen Stars
MARY MILES MINTER
IN
"The
.ntrader
An appealing role of youth and innocence. MARY
MILES MJNTER as Sylvia, the orphan girl, presents
another of the charming portrayals that have endeared
her to all picture lovers.
COMING MONDAY AND TUESDAY
"Villa of the Movies"
A Half Mile of Keystone Riot
ADMISSION - - - ' - - v 10 AND 15 CENTS
,THE HOUSE OF COMFORT
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
HE PUTS ONE OVER ON FATHER
He wins the money and he wins the girl, and he
shows the "old man" that there's more fight in him than
he suspected.
WILLIAM FOX Presents GEORGE WALSH
M-H M a is
A Transcontinental Love Story
ADMISSION - . - . . 10 AND 15 CENTS.
r
I.HII il
TODAY TODAY
Commencing 3 p.m.
VILLA IS HERE
And the Furious Comedy In This MACK SENNETT-
Villa of the Movies
KEYSTONE
Will Make You Laugh Till You Cry. It's a
Romping Comedy.
The Triangle Fine Arts Presents
BESSIE LOVE
in 'THE FLOWER GIRL'
A Fine Arts Production In Five Acts
ADMISSION - - ... 10 AND 15 CENTS
ITS A BLUEBIRD
An Exciting Tale of Adventure
By Sea and Land
"MUTINY"
STAR T
Gentle
j
Z3
9
Fihougo
Theatre
HEATRE
r'" , ? J ! ; 1 Tn-
.tiniiature submarine chaser and warship mounted on freight ears travelling about the west.
This novel method of stirring up patriotism and gaining recruits is being tried out in the vicinity of Chicago
iand points further west. The ingenious reproductions were built at the naval training station at Great Lakes,
111., and are manned by jackies from that post. Photo shows the "recruiting train" about to start out on its
yourney.
!
! Has anyone visited you? Or
: nave you entertained! ir so, can
; the Review arter 6 p. m. ana teu i
tne society tamor, rnone 39.
!
RECOVERING AFTER OPERATION
I Mrs. Brent Hardmgs, who has been
confined to the Copper Queen hospit-
ai, wasaDie to oe remorea to ner
home, 84 Mason Hill. She recently un-
derwent a serious bperation, and
fast recovering.
18
I ATTENTION, ODD FELL0WS1
All members of Bisbee Lodge No.
1 10, L O. O. F., and visiting brothers,
' are requested to meet at I. O. O. F. hall
;at 10:30 a. m. Sunday, June 10, 1917,
to attend the memorial services at the
Presbyterian church.
Carl V. Nelson,
Noble Grand.
Adv. 682
SNOW BALL ICELESS COOLER
A marvelous invention that keeps
fObd without ice. Demonstration daily
in front of Royal theatre. Main street
Order one now. Adv. (713)
NEW ORLEANS TOURIST HERE
James H. Cherry, a prominent citi -
sen of New Orleans, passed through
Bisbee yesterday on his way to the
coast. He is travelling by auto, and
is making the trip by easy stages. He
was very much impressed with the
Warren District, and said that he
hoped to be able to spend some time
here at a later date.
ON THE COAST
Mrs. A. V. Frudel and son. Harold,
left Thursday night for the coast,
where they will remain during the
summer.
Make yonr trip to Douglas a pleas
ure. Travel the Winton way. Phone
98. Adv. 332
SCHIDELER'S AUTO SERVICE.
Ford cars, equipped with shock ab
sorbers. Local and country trips solic
ited. Union prices. Single trips, four
people tt Cananea and return, $22.00;
four peoplpe to Ramsey Canyon, stay
all day, $15.00. Phone 366. Ask for
Schideler's cars and Central Pharmacy
450. Adv.
W)LL LEAVE TONIGHT i
Mrs. C. M. Lynn, of Warren, will
leave on the Golden State limited to- j
night for Los Angeles.
BROTHER DIES
George Stewart of this city, received
a telegram yesterday announcing the ,
death of his brother in Phoenix.
Expert repairing on fine watches
and jewelry, diamond setting, "engrav
ing and general repairing. Mlntos,
the postoffice jeweler, Lowell.
Advertisement 343
BAD CHECK PASSER SENTENCED.
J. J. Loper, was sentenced to serve
ninety days on the road gang for pass
ing a fraudulent check on Mrs. J. P.
Kinny; who rnns a boarding bouse in
Bisbee, when he pleaded guilty before
Judge M. O. High, yesterday. He will
be taken out to the camp tomorrow.
Miss Anna Tipton, demonstrator of
Ben Hur products, will serve Tamales
at the Cash Meat Market (Main street)
Monday. Adv. 744
R. R. WATCH INSPECTORS
Let us be be your inspector. We re
pair jewelry of all kind. Work guar-
!anteed
Lowell Jewelry Shop. Adv.
576
WILL WED TODAY.
Miss Fearllitta Le Claire and R.
Hart will be married at four o'clock
thi9 afternoon at the residence of Mrs.
j William' Howley. They will spend their
honeymoon in the east.
i LEAVES ON VACATION.'
! Miss Gertrude Desmond, one of Bis-
bee's most popular teachers left for
the coast last night on the Golden
Slate limited to spend her vacation.
She will return in about thirty days.
The public is Invited to the Cash
Meat Market, Monday, to try a Hot
Tamale seasoned with the Ben Hur
famous chili powder. Adv. 745
I
OUR S20 SUITS
j 'ire as good as any at J30.
Shirt and Hat Shop. Main SL
Miller's
Adv.
, CLEVELAND MAN HERE.
I D. C. Leonard of Cleveland. Ohio. Is
Jin the city on business. He arrived
1 yesterday morning and will . remain
for a few days.
LEARN TO DANCE.
Private lessons daily, 1 to 5-7 to 10. !
W. J. Graves Academy, Lowell (Bro
phy Hall). Phone'628. Adv. 608
UP-TO-DATE CORSET PARLOR
All corsets fitted and satisfaction
uaranteed. Price from $2.00 up. Ex-,
luslve agent for Goodwin La Camllle
nd Gossard corsets. Ines Guernsey,
.etson HtateL room .17. Phone 559.
Adv. 713
FREE PHONES FOR DEFENSE
COUNCIL.
George H. Kellogg, manager of the
local office of the telephone company
reports that the company has made
rrrangements to allow the members
of the State Council of Defense the
use of the 'phones free of charge when
transacting business connected with
tbe Council.
The local Defense Council will be
allowed the use of the phones In the
ccunty free of charge.
Tne Tamales tnat are being served
Monday at the Cash Meat Market are
seasoned with Ben Hur Chili Powder.
Adv. 746
neea pussfnger luuiiiip; car leaves
1 omnstone aauy. upon arrival o. ais-
Dee e Ior
j pound baggage limit.
Adv. 317
WILL DECIDE CASE MONDAY.
John,Nelson who Is accused of sell
ing an automobile twice and giving
each party bills of sale, was tried on
complaint of the two buyers. Rod Mc
Donald and H. Shearer In Judge M. C.
HiEh's court yesterday. After much
testimony on both sides, judgment was
reserved until Monday afternoon at
2:30 o'clock. t
Hear Wm. B.
night at 7 p. ra.
Ireland."
Cleary. City Park, to
Subject, "Freedom W
Adv. 758
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
Stage Line.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
dally at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co.. Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. 939
(Advertisement)
SPECIAL MEETING AT Y. W. C. A.
A special meeting for girls will be
held In the recreation room of the Y.
W. C. A. this afternoon at 3 o'clock.
The boys of the v. m. C. A. have been
Invited to attend the meeting. Re
freshments will be served.
CARD OF THANKS.
We wish to thank our many friends
and neighbors for their extreme kind
ness to us during our recent bereave
ment; also for the many floral offer
ings. MR. AND MRS. JOHN F. BANK
ERD. Adv. 765
DRITISH THREATEN i j
FOE'S U-BOAT BASE' i
ZEEBRUGL
suns
OSTEN
Br
E&.
NflEUPORT
TH0UOU
QROULERs
YPRESe 0J
' . Activity along the western end oi
the allied lines in Belgium may forr j
hadow t drive against German!
there that may ultimately threatt j
tht 'reat submarine, base atZeo
brugge.
BIG FIELD MEET SOON.
The big field meet which is schedul
ed for the district in the near future
will be definitely decided on at a
meeting which is to be held at the Y.
M. C. A. tomorrow night. H. C. Henry
is chairman in charge of the commit
tee that is staging the affair. It will
be an athletic meet for miners and
muckers of the various mines in the
district.
Hear Wm. B. Cleary, City Park, to
night at 7 p. m. Subject. "Freedom f
Ireland." Adv. 758
Ride on the American Stage Line.
Bisbee to Douglas. Phone 366.
Advertisement
P. J. McCullough. contractor and
builder, phbne 820, Box 934. Retaining
wall 8 and sidewalks are my specialty.
Adv. 359
BOOTLEGGER CAUGHT
Charles Bennett was arrested yes
terday morning at Osborn, charged
with having intoxicants in his posses
sion. Offier Phillips, it is said, found
three suit cases containing whiskey in
Bennet's possession. ' He will probably
be tried in Judge J. L. Winter's court
in Lowell. ,
Watch window for weekly special
sale. B. F. Millard. Allen Blk. Adv. 863
Travel to Douglas the Winton way
on the new stage. Cars leave Copper
Queen Hotel on the hour. Fare $1.25.
Advertisement 332
TRIED FOR BURGLARY.
Fermin Ontlveros and Cayetana
Ontiveros, man and wife, who were
among the Mexicans arrested Friday
for complicity in the robbery cases
which have been bothering the police
for the past three weeks, appeared
before JMdge M. C. High, yesterday af
ternoon for a preliminary hearing, and
their trial was set for tomorrow after
noon at 1:30 o'clock.
Two other Mexicans were taken into
custody on the same charge and are
being held for trial. Most of the stol
en goods was found in their posesslon.
NOTICE!.
The Swedish-Finnish Aid association
will give a dance at the- Finnish Hall
June 10, 1917. Everybody invited. Ad
mission $1.00. Adv. 711
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath. 98 Maston
Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647.
dv. 231
DISTRICT PHONE MANAGER HERE.
I R. L. Burgess, district manager -of
the Mountain States Telephone and
Telegraph Company, with Jieadquart
ors in Tucson, Is in Bisbee for a few
days on business.
We can show you now you can spend
many interesting evenings at home If
.you own a Piano, talking machine or
lone of our many musical instruments.
Terms to suit The Lowell Jewelry
Shop. Adv. 577
COWRTRA
jkltOuSAlX
Fairbanks-Morse
FARM ENGINE 1
iEconomical Simple Light Weight
Substantial Fool-proof Construction
Gun Barrel Cylinder Bore Leak-proof
Compression Complete with Built-in Magneto
"MORE THAN RATED POWER
AND A WONDER AT THE PRICE
. June is the dry month end ranchers as well as cattle
men will need water for crops and cattle, therefore we sug
gest a look at our stock of Engines and supplies. Pumps of
all kinds and sizes from I 3-4 to 8 inch cylinders. ' Engines
from 1 H. P. up, on skids and trucks. Pump jacks from
$16.00 to $100.00.
Do your bit for Uncle Sam by planting a garden or
field of vegetables. Our country needs the help of every
gardener and rancher. Water is what is needed at this
season and we can help you get the water.
We have a limited stock of field seeds that is rapidly
becoming depleted. Therefore we suggest early buying
to save disappointment.
Sour Stomacn.
This is a mild form of indigestion.
It is usually brought on by eating too
rapidly or too much, r of food not .
suited to your digestive organs. If you .
will eat slowly, masticate your food '
thoroughly, eat but little meat and !
none at all for supper, you will more
than likely avoid the sour stomach
without taking any medicine whatever. '
When you have sour stomach take one
of Chamberlain's Tablets to aid diges-,
Hon. Advertisement. 1
RED CROSS BENEFIT REPEATED.
The Red Cross benefit show which
was staged at the Orpheum theatre
with so much success last week, was
repeated by request at the Central
theatre at Lowell last night. The
show was greeted by a rather small
house, but that is attributed to the fact
that the evening was so warm that
every one was anxious to be out in the
open. The performers are improving
with every show and there is some
talk of taking the show intact to Tomb
stone and Douglas.
The show was presented without a
hitch, and those who witnessed the
show before pronounced last night's
performance better by fifty per cent.
The proceeds from the sale of admis
sions will be turned over to the fund
of the local chapter of the Red Cross.
Somewhere in Allen Block B. F. Mil
lard is selling wool suits from $12.50
and up. Adv. 639
A car every hour, Bisbee to Doug
las. Good cars and" careful drivers.
American Stage Line. Phone 366.
I
THE PURE MILK DEPOT j
(Allen Block)
A great big glass fresh buttermilk
It's only 5 cents. Advertisement, 309,
We are at the service of both ladies
and gents in need of massage or mani
cure. Mrs. Acors and Reid, Lockie Ho
tel, on School HilL Adv. 566
Toung man and wife want home tV
care for during eummer; reliable;
working in mine. Apply Landlady.
Van Horn House. Adv. 714
THIS IS TO ANNOUNCE
that I have sold the Star Theater to
F. M. Brown, and that he assumes all
the assets and liabilities f said the
ater. S. BezaL Adv. 665
Hear Wm. B.
night at 7 p. m.
Ireland."
Cleary. City Park, to-1
Subject "Freedom tf
Adv. 758 !
Two New Yrk Stock Exchange
seats sold Thursday at $55,000 each,
compared with previous sale at $61,
000. NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC
On account of the exces
sive cost of all supplies, we
are compelled to adjust our
prices.
Beginning June 1 8th, we
will make an additional
charge of ten per cent on all
work. On bundles amount
ing to 50 cents or less; the
extra charge will be 5
cents.
Starched shirts will not
be counted in rough dry,
but will be finished at list
price; flat work will not be
listed as rough dry but will
be charged at list prices.
THE QUEEN LAUNDRY
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC
On account of the exces
sive cost of all supplies, we
are compelled to adjust our
prices. Beginning June
18th, we will make an ad
ditional charge of ten per
cent on all work. On
bundles amounting to 50c
or less the extra charge will
be five cents.
Starched shirts will not
be considered as rough dry,
but will be finished at list
prices.
Flat we)rk will not be
listed as rough dry, but will
be charged for at list price.
WARREN LAUNDRY
COMPANY
Wanted !
ONE DRILL SHARPENER
LEYNER NO. 3 SHARPENER
Bisbee Scale
MONTANA MINE, RUBY, ARI .
APPLY COPF'ER QUEEN HOTEL
BEFORE NOON.
The
Beautiful
Continuous From 1 To 10 P. M.
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
Gail Kan:
Ir
"AS MAN MADE HER"
Napoleon The Great
In
"AS OTHERS SEE US"
ADMISSION
Reserved seats 25c
Lower Floor 10c
Balcony 5c
WATKINS & BERGQU1ST
Jewelers and Opticians
The HALLMARr Store
LYR -G Wkt-1
SOCIETY .1
SECTION I
jj MINING
I SECTION
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRE88
VOL 20. NO. 2.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 10, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
1
9
i
t
Week Is Unusually
Good One For Mines
Throughout Arizona
Success -of New Cornelia Leaching Plant Is Determined By
Large Amuont of Ore That Is Being Handled; Property
Adds Only Big Source of Raw Copper Production Gained
By The World In 1917; Copper Now Going Abroad At
The Rate of 100 Million Pounds a Month.
AMERICANS IN FIRST LINE TkENCHES CARRY OLD GLORY
With registration day disposed of in highly creditable manner by every
mining district in Arizona, industrial differences buried at Jerome and the
atmosphere thoroughly bleared up as to labor matters throughout the state
and another big producer of copper brought in for Arizona, the present week
has without question been exceptionally good in its treatment.
A SPUR TO LARGER ACTIVITY.
There has been plain effect in more vitality set flowing in the veina of
Industry and finance. The registration of the young men'of the mining dis
tricts had the attendance of more realization than previously prevailed of t'je
fact tliat the number to be called from among these to bear arms makes de
mand for the highest efficiency in the ranks of those who remain to conduct
the necessary work of outputting war metal. - The call upotf patriotism has
' sounded louder than ever before. Heeding its summons, there has been a
' general tuning up all over the state this week. Mining plants are being whip
ped into top efficiency form by managements, leasers and small operators
who can make production through the aid of some additional financing are
,- coming in for consideration against the time when drafting for the army will
decrease the production to some extent, giving leeway to smelters for more
custom ore, while operators are generously looking to the opportunity to go
ahead undisturbed by further labor agitation. Of the latter the air has been
cleansed except for a minor threat of disturbances in the Globe-Miami dis
trict. Public sentiment is so adverse, however, to the bringing on of new
Issues under existing conditions of national stress that it is not now believed
headway whatever can be made with any movement that would have a tend
ency to serious outcome.
. ANOTHER BIG PRODUCER FOR ARIZONA.
The beginning of production of copper by the New Cornelia Copper Com
pany commenced on Saturday a week ago under the most auspicious of cir
cumstances and has continued with, the utmost smoothness in every one of
the various departments. The success of the great plant In every way has
been determined in the metal that is being outpu and there is naturally car
ried therewith a very great deal of satisfaction for those associated with
the beginning of the great enterprise to completion. The rate of metal out
put expected in the beginning of operations is being exceeded. The plant has
been going at the rate of more than 3,500,000 pounds the month from the
very start The expectation bad been that output of 3,000,000 pounds the
month during the first several months would be doing exceptionally welL
Breaking In of equipment of so extensive character, it was held, would pro
ceed with some hitches and more or less slowness. The management beat
that part of the game, however, by turning on the power and commesncing
the final tuning up a month in advance of turning, over on production. In
consequence every adjustment had been made and there were no loose ends
anywhere from the steam shovels in the great copper pit to the very last
vat in the process of forming copper cathode, ready for the hands of the con
sumer without another minute of delay, except that interposed by railroad
transportation from New Cornelia to the door of the consumer. Thus does
New Cornelia beat any other producer of electrolytic copper in the world by
sixty days in time of turning its copper into the hands of the buyer of the
finished product. The sixty days difference is required by other producers
. of electrolytic to get their copper to and through the electrolytic process plants
on the Atlantic coast Ninety days is a much nearer estimate on the average
time required.
ONLY BIG GAfN OF THE YEAR
New Cornelia adds the only big source of new copper production gained
by the world in 1917. Notwithstanding large difficulties which Interspersed
in the securing of prompt deliveries of machinery and structural steel, by
reason of the rush of war orders with wlSich manufacturers were contending
during the height of New Cornelia demands, and notwithstanding more than
sixty days delay occasioned by an unjust strike, the construction period was
brought to conclusion and the output of copper commenced a month ahead of
the time set for completion when the work was undertaken under fair skies
in 1915. Prior to that time there had been continuous research on the prop
erty since 1911, to the end of determining Ks value and thereafter to deter
mine its needs in absolutely accurate measure. - -No
effort or expense was spared to this end, the result being the
high success being attained in every way today. That New Cornelia will now
lift its production above the best previous expectations, seems amply assured
in the fact that it is doing better at the start by half a million pounds the
month, than was anticipated. It was thought that if It made to the 3,500.0001
mark within the year it would be doing exceptionally well. It is now likely
that by the end of the year it will be doing 4,000.000 or better. Entering into
this is not only higher efficiency in the plant with official plant advance an
nouncements promised, but also the fact that development In the steam
shovel ore pits has been attended by higher results than anticipated. Ths
grade of ore 3a exceeding drill bole estimates as it is entered, while opening
has been more rapid than was looked forward to. ( The mine, it is now de
termined, will be able to readily keep up with any demands that may be
made upon it by the reduction plant
REPRESENTS SIX MILLION EXPENDITURE.
New Cornelia represents the expenditure of six million dollars in plant
and equipment preliminary to the return of a dollar to those who put up the
money to see the property through after Captain John G. Greenway, general
manager of Calumet & Arizona, and Dr. L. D. Ricketts, consulting engineer,
advised purchase of the controlling interest in the property and thereafter
set about working out its final problems, among the most complex' ever
'mrimtM jus
;. ' Mis
OLD GARMELITA
PROPERTY WILL
BE DEVELOPED
American 'ith Stars and Stripes on French battle front.
(Continued on Page Two)
OATMAN GOLD MINERS
NOW PAID ACCORDING
TO PRICE OF COPPER
Novel Sliding Wage Scale
-Adopted By Producing
..Companies of Famous Dis
trict In Mohave County.
OATMAN, Ariz., June 9. The adop
tion of a new wage scale which went
into effect June 1 was the principal
event of the last week in the Oatman
district The new scale ia a novelty
in mining, as the wages to be paid un
der it are based UL'on the orice ofi
electrolytic copper as established or i ated from
Government Will Soon Place
Huge Copper Order, Belief
Indications are multiplying that
the government contract for copper
will be finally placed within a com
paiatively short time. Copper au
thorities cdmit that it appears cer
tain developments are nearing thq
time when an announcement might
be looked' for.
' Thus far no information has been
received as to what price is to b0
paid, but in the trade the opinion is
quiete general thpt about 24c per
pound will be the level for the met
al. . The quantity is variously estlm-
300.000,000 to 500.000,000
quoted by the Engineering &. Mining lbs.
Journal. A significant incident recently has
Wages in the copper camps of Ari-! been the inquiry from manufacturers
zona have long been governed hy the! who have government work. These
price 'of copper. A minimum is agreed ' interests have sounded the copper
upon and then advances are automati-' sellers on the possibility of recelv
cally granted as copper goes up. ' 1 1 ing the metal from the producers.
As wages in other branches of mln-. the price to be announced by the
ing naturally vary in accordance with government later. Thus far no def
the prevailing scale received by the inite action has been taken by the
copper mfne workers, it was deemed copper dealers, and nothing is ex
by both parties to the Oatman agree-. pected to be done until an announce
ment that the price of copper migiit ment comes from government
be fairly considered as an index to . sources.
miners' wages here.
Adopt Sliding Scale.
It was also pointed 'out that when
It is the general impression in the
trade that publication of the copper
buying will be made from Washing-
copper is high, living costs alse go up ' ton. Several members of the sub
and when copper is impoverished, liv-J committee on the metal are out of
Ing la cheap. Therefore a sliding scale ! town at present and those who are
based on 27-cent copper was deemed matter in any vmy.
fair, at least as an experiment in gold I The actual order from the govern
mining economics. ment, if placed at. say, 24c per pound.
Under this scale the wen are given i would, in the opinion of the leading
an advance of 50 cents a day over the ; trade authorities, increase the mar-
former prevailing remuneration. If ket activity to a great extent It is
copper recedes 1 cent a pound, wages . known that some, consummers are
feV down 10 cents day, except in the not covered for their future require
case of unskilled labor, commonly j nients. and these are expected to
called the "Bull Gang," who only suf- come Into the market as on previous
fer an amputation of 5 cents a day. occasions and flood it with orders.
Copper will" have to slump to 22
cents, a pound as quoted by the Engl-j capacltv out ,t does not make one.fiftn
ueeiuB & .uiuiug juuruni, ucluic uni- noise
One hundred miles from Yuma by
auto road twelve miles east of the
great Harqua Hala mine is a prop
erty that for forty years has belonged
to Carmelita Campbell, wife of John
G. Campbell,' one of the early dele
gates to congress from Arizona, long
since gone to his reward
The original group of six claims
has been worked in a crude way, tha
ore being packed or hauled seven or
eight miles to the ranch owned by
Mrs. Campbell, where three crude
arrastras operated for years.
. The gold was brought to Phoenix
and sold. Even with this primitive
method Mrs. Campbell made the mine
pay and at times she had as many
as 250 Indians on the ranch and in
the mines.
About three years ago J. T. Marr,
an experienced mining man became
Interested in the property, having
done so by purchase. He made an
examination and found the big min
eral showing to be on the line from
Vulture to Harqua Hala mines, being
23 miles from the Vulture and 12
miles from Harqua Hala.
Silver And Lead Value.
Going from Phoenix one passed
through Buckeye and follows the
main auto road to the Parker cut-off,
which leads to Los Angeles. A few
miles this side of Harrisburg a road
leads north across the Harqua' Hala
plains into the foothills of the Yuma
mountains, where the big ledges,
clearly defined fissures trend north
west to southeast. Numerous cross
ledges, rather spurs are encountered,
making the entire region well mln
All these are of great uni-
COPPER BASIN
AND BIG BUG
DISTRICTS
ADVANCING
Strike Conditions Cause Pro
duction of Copper At Jer-
' ome To Fall 3,000,000
Short During Month,
ARIZONA bInGHAITON
MAKES GOOD SHOWING
New Property Is Rapidly De
veloping Ipto One of Best
In State Under Senator
Reynold's Direction,
It has been the record of copper in
the past that regular users ,in this
country have always held off from
buying until some Impetus baa been
given the marlet by a large contract erallzed.
of one kind of another. Never have formity In values. Besides gold there
the domestic consumers collectively 1 smaller value in both silver and
purchased during a dull period. In re- k BUt 45,6 mines are distinctily
cent years, since the beginning of the ', Kld ntfne- Mr. Marr located and
war. the buying by users in the Unit-! dld 80me work on other claims until
ed States ha sonly started on a Ursa' tne group consi8U of 17 claims,
scale after foreign nations had cover-1 Mo8t of tne 1000 feet of develop
ed for their requirements, and onlyment u 111 ,unMl' on ledges; the
then have the domestic Interests ! palmier consists of shafts sunk in
swamned th murket nrt frod un ore- There are now 5000 tons of
nrices airainot thom.ivM i mmmg- ore on he dump ready for a
, .v- v,.-.. . ... . J mm- During the present season it is
. . .u ' """. , proposed to erect a 50-stamp unit to
that the government order, when plac-;8Urt with t0 whlch wlll adde;l
ed, will be followed by large cantracU: ath ,,. .h nrnfit, frnm th.
and possibly higher prices.
That the consumers' are taking cop
per In large volume is Indicated by
the reports beard from all selling
agencies. It is stated that large
blocks of the metal have been taken
and more is wanted. In addition j and carry tjje UIDe 0T terial tram
mines. Water is found in a shaft
near the mill-site at a depth of 70
feet and there is ample for both do
mestic and milling purposes. The
plan of milling, is to drift on the
ledge, stope out the overhead ores
some big export business has been
closed and additional contracts are
pending which will take even more
way to the mill a little more than a
mile distant from where the first
(By William P. DeWolf.
Prescott Arizona. June 9. In the
face of strike conditions at Jerome
which curtailed very appreciably the
output of copper ore during the lat
ter part of May, the copper matte
production of Yavapai county for last
month touted about 11.000.000 pounds.
Jerome fell short about 3.000,000
pounds on the 13.000.000 pounds out
put estimated there for May, but this
shortage was in a measure offset by
a production of approximately 1.000,
000 pounds of copper from the Big
Bug and Copper Basin districts.
Hitherto Big Bug and Copper Basin
have not occupied a position of prom
inence in the monthly copper produc
tion figures of Tavapat county. . To
the contrary, their increasing produc
tion was overwhelmed and lost sight
o fbeneath the avalanche of copper
that flowed Incessantly from the hills
of Jerome. It required, however, but
a partial steming of that tide to bring
prominently to notice the present cop
per production and the future cop
ner nroduction nosaibllitles of the sec-
! tfrna named
The subject of present and future
copper production from Big Bug and
Copper Vasin is Interesting not alone
by reason of Its bearing on the cop
per mining industry of Yavapai coun
ty, bpt also because two additional
sources of copper supply are afforded
the United States and the nations, al
lied with her tin the present world
wide war crisis. It is a generally ac
cepted fact that the period of recon
struction which will follow the present
copper than has aluready been sold, ground is such that tunneling will
work will be done. Nature of thei period of war's destruction will tax
The scarcity of August copper is
said to be almost directly due to the
foreign contracts which have been
closed recently, and although little
was said about this business. It is
learned that mora metal was con
tracted for during the last ten days
to be sent abroad than in any similar
period in many months.
There is a general belief in the
trade, especially among tie users,
that government orders will be plac
ed shortly. It is said all indications
point to something being made public
within a week or ten days, although
it is admitted there is no official in
formation on this point
man miners see the same figures writ
ten on their pay checks, as they were
accustomed to before June 1.
New Mill Operating.
The entire matter was handled in a.
business-like aud thoroughly com
mendable spirit by both miners and
New Stope Opened.
While not yet running up to full ca
pacity, it is doing splended wtrk. no
J delays or accidents having occurred to
necessitate a shut down. In order to
keep this new plant running twenty-
operators. A petition was presented "'
... th i, tha ; menced west of the Aztec shaft, where
living costs have advanced to such an
a stope 400 feet long is being opened
extent that more pay is needed to!""-
maintain a decent standard of living. i'es evfnnd'8tCOve!,1 ln lhe,"mP; ?nd
While it is true that the gold miners Vver 60.000 tons of ere should be taken
have not profited by the high price of "ul "l""B "
copper, and all tother commodities, the
operators have acknowledged the Jus
tice of the miners' suggestion. As a
matter of fact the old mines are mak
ing less money now than in ordinary
times, but that does not help the pre
dicament of the men, so an agreement
was entered into that means that men
working in the Oatman mines will
hereafter receive from 4 to $5.50 per
day. '
level. The tramway should be in work
ing order within the next thirty days.
It Is also expected that sinking will be
resumed at the Aztec shaft very soon,
reaching the 750-foot level.
The month of May should establish
a new record for production at the
United Eastern mill. Daily mill runs
jf 270 and 280 tons were hung up dur
ing the month, and an average of 250
for a considerable part cf the month
I J- . -4 I -U
Visitors in the Oatman district wh'j i w" '" ' ' p
come in by way of Needles hereafter j Kraae orB 18 eln lKen oul-
will miss the familiar roar of the Tom I lna Pw m
Reed stamp mill, which smote the earnot run 9 nlgn 88 at first
for ten consecutive years bui is now j Ore Body Opened. .
stilled. The new ball granulatnig mill But the most notable accomplish-
has two and one-half times the rated ment being made at the United East-1
era is the opening up tf the ore body
on the 665-foot level. Work is pro
gressing both ways on the drift which
has been extended from a total length
of lees than 400 feet to about 600 feet
and both faces are still ia good com
mercial ore. This pitves that the
United Eastern ore body increases in
length with depth, at least down to
the 665-foot level.
What the conditions are 800 feet
lower will be disclosed ln due time
as the shaft will be sunk to that depth
as rapidly as possible, when prelim
inary arrangements for this work are
completed.
Developments on the Big Jim claims
are progressing with satisfactory re
sults under the directum of the new
owners, the United Eastern Mining
company. Greater ere reserves are be
ing opened up on this property. It Is
expected that sinking will be com
menced on the Blue Bird property of
the Big Jim Consolidated this coming
week as the compressor is now being
installed.
New Pump at Nellie.
It has been found necessary to in
stall a new pumping plant at the Nel
lie as a greater 1?jw of water bas been
gain foot for foot as it runs into the
mountain side. This makes a cheap,
effective way of operating.
Gold Content Good.
Many tests have been made and
some high assays have been secured.
to the full the copper producing re
sources of this country; hen A alt
sources of supply large and small,
alike have a bearing on the Job in
hand and the one that is to follow.
Outout 900,000 Pound of Copper.
In the aggregate the 'Arizona Bing-
but taking the ledges as a whole it Is j hamton. Copper Queen. Blue Bell. I
claimed the ore averages $17.50 per Soto. Butternut and Henrietta mtn"
ton free of milling gold besides there
ie probably $3.50 silver and lead
values. It is but 16 miles, auto road,
to Wendon on the Parker brancfl of
the Santa Fe, so the Carmelita mines
are easily accessible. Capt P. P. Par
ker and others Joined with the own
ers and ln January. 1916. the Car
melita Mining and Milling Company
was organized A few men .are work-
in the Big Bug country outputtd dur
ing May about 9M). 0X( pounds of cop
per in the matte. Three hundred thous
and pounds, or approximately one
third of the total, was contributed by
the Arizona Binehamton mine. With
the exception of the Copper Queen
mine, which outputted about 30.0"0
pounds of copper in the matte, the re
mainder was about evenly contributed
ing at the property and plans are well by the other properties mentioned.
under way to bring the group tn as
one of the big permanent gold pro
ducers All experimental stages have
Cooper Basin's contribution to Ya
vapai county's copper output for Mv
was much less than that of the Bis
long since been passed and it Is the K district and represented for the
plan to proceed as rapidly a funds moft part a dally output of about 80
will allow. ton9 0f copper-oxide ore from the
For many years that section was (Commercial mine, owned bv the
retarded in development because of pbelps-Dodee companv. Seversl
scarcity of water, even for drinking ,mal, ,MDlnM1tg were made rfnrin
purposes. Building the railway help-!,-., month however, from the Corner
ed some. The use of motor cars and!!n mIn , rnnnr Rsin Minml-
trucks has been the greatest factor.
All that country has water at depth
hut in early days the prospectors and
miners depended almost wholly on
tanks that dried out during the great
er part of the season.
(Continued tn Pag Two)
Following the settlement of the smel
ter strike at the Cerro de Pasco mine,
the mining and railway employes
have struck. It Is expected to be thir
ty days before normal production is
restored.
William Thorne, labor member of
. . r, X ., . , , comparison allies
viewed King Georse recently, told the . . .
... v, .... jv., .. Verde and Blc T"
ra on arc a wnai ue inuiseii urscnuru an
"some solid, tftmely truths." He said
the king liked his plain speaking and
showed familiarity with questions discussed.
orical conditions in the workings 'in
dicate rerular and large ore shli
ments in the future.
On the surface, owing to Its much
larger output of ore. it would appear
as though the Big Bug district had the
advantage of Copper Basin from a
'mininir investment viewpoint . The
disparity is, however, more fancied
than real. ts the mineralized area of
ech Is of similar value and extent
The principal poini of variance is de
velopment." In other words, mor
work bas been done In te Bir B"
(Mstrlct than in Conner Bsi'n. A like
lojrloa'lT to te
districts, wit te
development advantage lvln wft t
first mentioned. What has been ac
complished in a mining way ln the
(Continued on Tage Two)
r TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW,
SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 10, 1917.
PATENT IS GRANTED
COVERING HOMESTEAD
OF ALASKA TOWNSITE
Man Who Staked Out Prop
erty Which - Later Becam
Scene of Gold Rush, Given
Permission To Sell Land.
- OURDOVA. AiasKa. June . ratem
has been issued covering the home
stead of John E. Barret on which is
located the town of McCarthy, nearest
community teethe great Bonanza cop
per mine where millions of dollars
worth of copper are mined each month
-by the Guggenheim corporation. This
announcement was hailed with delight
by residents of the town, who will now
have an opportunity to purchase the
ground on which thir stores and res
idences are located.
J Barret located his homestead over
ten years ago, before the railroad was
completed to the Bonanza mine. When
..the locators arrived they found that
part of his homestead included nearly
all the available ground for switching
purposes, -round house and so forth.
Ttarrot lnnlreri nn thp law tn the rase.
whethe railroad made him a propo
sition and found that If he offered to
sell, contracted to sell or made any
agreement to sell any of his home
stead prior to deceiving patent his
claim would be cancelled on the
ground of fraud. But he found that
there was no ruling by the commis
sioner ofthe land office to prevent
him from renting part of his home
stead so he rented the railroad a
freight yard.
He was not quite sure but that 3orae
hitch might -occur if he rented too
much ground so he warned other arriv
als to keep off. But four years ago
.there was a gold rushover the Copper
river railroad to Shushanna located
inmf inn mile further inland. PeoDle
".arrived in droves and Barret could not
withstand the temptation bo he had
a surveyor .locate a main street and
did a wholesale business in renting
stores and camping sites. The town
.prospered and the "renters" remained,
on 25-year-transferable-leases.
Now that Barret has his patent he
,is offering deeds to all who care to
pay the balance of the rent due oh
the 25 year periods.
.' A new ruling has been made permit
ting homesteaders to dispose of any
portion of their claim by relinquish
ment, thus giving them an opportun
ity to sell their right to any part or
parcel of land included within their
homestead survey. An end was also
put to the custom of making locators
. wait ten years or more for a patent
:
'iiimirn nninrn mn. -
tiiuiitK rhiuu run
SILVEREXPEGTED
Huge Purchases of Metal Ars
Looked For From European
Nations When Great War
Is Ended.
The Butte A- Superior report for the
March quarter is nothing wonderrul.
Profits available for diviJends amount
ed to only- $1,061,020, compared with
$3,554,940 in the f.ist quarter of 1916,
or $3.65 a share, ss compared with
$12.25 in 1916.
" Of course, there has been deducted
an item of increased taxes, amounting
to $119,943, from the past quarter's
earnings, which was tfot taken out of
the 1916 quarter. This would increase
profit per share in the recent report
to $4.41, but there would still be a
large deficiency from the figures of
the 1916 March quarter.
The report ' accounts partially for
this deficiency by saying that the total
amount of ore mined and treated dur
ing the quarter was 15,000 tons less
than in the preceding quar;er. This
falling off Is accounted for by the
short month 'ol February and by the
fact that work ' was interrupted and
confused by changes in apparatus and
methods to.confonn to the use of more
than 2 per cent of flotation oils. But
nevertheless the preceding quarter
showed considerable of a drop fi'jm
the first quarter of 1916 and the de
crease in results has not only affected
this past quarter. Earnings have
fallen off as the following table indi
cates: Month Net profits Per share
March, 1917 $1,061,020 $3.65
December! 1916 ... 2.309.068 7.95
September. 1916 . . 947.901 3.48
June. 1916 2.062.209 7.10
Marr-k 1Q1C 1 trj Gift 1 '1
Equal to . $4.41 before deducting
There is an irregularity in quarter
ly earnings which is hard to account
for, but Butte & Superior makes a very
good shewing in yearly profits. Net
in 1915 was $9,125,947 ami in 1916 was
$8,873,939. In 1915 dividends of a total
of $18 a share were paid, railing for
$4,908,115. and there was a surplus of
$4,217,832. Last year dividends of $39
a share and amounting to $11,317,683
were paid, which must nave conumed
total earnings of that year and all but
$1,374,088 of the previous year's sur
plus. On March 31 last the company paid
a $2.50 dividend of $1.25 regular and
$1.25 extra. If earnings continue at
the rate of thotse jf toe March quarter,
profits this year will be equal to $14.40
a share and the present dividend rate
will call for $10 of this. This will leave
OLD UNION MINE IN
YAVAPAI COUNTY IS
PROVING A BONANZA
New Operators Expose Ore
Bodies of High Grade Con
tent; Forty Miners Are
Now On The Payroll
PRESCOTT, June 9. Mining men
of this city who visited Chaparral on
Sunday and made an examination of
different properties, bring reports of
an astounding condition as having been
determined recently . by the Locey
Pabst Gold Mines company, a cl'jse
corporation, and of which D. M. Locey
is in charge.
The development inspected Is not
rated as a strike, although the magni
tude of the mineral bodies should be
classed as the greatest in gold deter
minations ever made in the country,
giving to thp property nothing more
than a high class rating as a bonanza.
Assays Run High.
Mr. Locey, with bis superintendent,
A. J. Sharp, conducted the party
through all workings, explaining in de
tail what bad been accomplished by
the company since early in April. The
Union claim proper is the 'point where
the best showing is in evidence. The
old crosscut tunnel, driven over 20
years ago, is the entering point to the
bpnanza conditions exposed, and is
reached by a 250-foot drift to the zone
where in position is an ore body of
fully 12 feet in width, exposed in a
winze sunk from a shaft at a depth of
about 25 feet. It was stated by those
in charge that assays ran to as high
in gold as $500 to the ton, while sam
ples cut from this condition average
at least $90 to the ton. Intervening
grouud also prove of exceptional in
terest, in which at different sections
in the drift four-foot ore bodies were
developed, averaging $19 per ton.
New Zone Opened.
The big showing, however, is strik
ingly in evidence in the new zone 'op
ened, and which is but one of the
many parallel veins being exploited.
This strike is under what was com
monly known as the Glory Hole, and
at a depth of over 138 feet the expect
ed ore bodies have occurred. An up
raise to the surface starts from the
winze as well as deep sinking is being
rushed on the huge ore body 'opened,
with drifting north and south.. It was
in anticipation of ' this strike being
made some weeks ago that the com
pany started to rebuild and modern
ize the old ten-stamp mill, which has
been accomplished by adding a flota
tion plant of 30 tons capacity, which
process, with plating and concentrating
gives a recovery service that U one of
the best in any gold camp in the state.
Oil Used for Fuel.
Oil has been substituted for coal as
a fuel, while the electric lighting of
mine, mill and surface buildings gives
the old camp a distinctive touch of be
ing up-to-date and wipes away the
primitive of other days, when the
Union was active only at intervals.
Plans have been mad for installing
an electrical hoist, engine, compressor,
drills and other late machinery on the
surface, at the center of development,
and this mechanical improvement will
prove or economical value In handling
the output through the superficial tun
nels and other old workings. The mill
is to drop stamps today, and the ton
nage available will run it for many
months. The company has a payroll
of 40 people.
ANOTHER BIG GAIN
SHOWN IN OUTPUT OF
OIL IN CALIFORNIA
According to the Standard Oil Bul
letin, the production of crucd oil in
California during April showed an in
crease of 5,572 barrels daily over that
pf March.
April shipments increased an aver
age 18.929 barrels daily over the pre
ceding month. Daily production for
the month of April amounted to 269,
0S5 barrels, and shipments amoun'ed
to -309.001 barrels daily. This shows
an excessof 40.000 barrels.
Since January 1 to April 30, 1.000,
000 barrels a month have been with
drawn from storage to meet the mar
ket requirements. During April there
were 63 other wells completed, with an
initial daily yield of 12.440 barrels.
Total crr.de oil stocks on hand, April
30. 1917. amounted to 39.976,386 bar
rels. Total shipments from the fields
during April, 1917, were 9.270,024 bar
rels. Bernard N. Baker, marine authority,
says that every dollar spent in wooden
ships is thrown away. "We are in the
steel and electric age." he said, "and
it would be a step backward to start
building wooden ships again."
Thirty base hospital units of the
American Red Cross have reported
readiness to leave the United States
at a moment's notice for France. They
number 7.200 persons. x
a very comfortable surplus of $1,276.
866 and seems to be all that Butte &
Superior should do. Earnings will
probably show some increase in the
months to come as the new flotation
process is established, but certain it is
that $39 a share will not be paid this
year.
M'KINLEY OPERATORS
BELIEVE MOTHER LODE
IS FINALLY REACHED
Big Water Flow Is Struck And
Gold Pannings Are Run
ning High; New 20-Stamp
Mill For Property.
rRESCOTT, June 9.-What appears
t'j have been the final solution in the
making of a desirable gold-copper prop
erty,' has been accomplished by the
McKlniey Mining company, and ac
cording to reports made yesterday by
C. E. McKinley, the president, support
ed by his mine, foreman, William A.
Buchanan, the. striking of the mother
lode was determined a few days ago,
under mineral conditions which appear
to have given results of a Conclusive
and satisfactory nature. In Imparting
the good news both said:
"The driving of the crosscut from
the 700-foot level had reached about
500 feet, when a subterranean flow of
water of huge volume was encountered
which made further exploration in that
z'one fruitless. We panned the forma
tion carried by the flow, and the gold
values were surprising. The copper
content could not be ascertained, but
must have been heavy. Further opera
tions at that depth were abandoned,
the pump, air drills and all tools being
lost This was not material, however,
as the point we were seeking in all
probability has' been reached, and the
values carried by the outflcjw f water
unquestionably proves this as a fact
From the 400-foot level the drift south
was being extended when a cave-in oc
curred, and at this point we took sam
ples which returned over $100 per ton
in gold and copper. In both zones the
lo'ose formation is undoubtedly indica
tive of the mother lode being tapped,
and this Is what wa have been striving
for. There is now no question in our
minds as to what the future holds for
this mineral property. The goal has
been reached, and the high values re
covered would seem to be the deter
mining factor in the making of a
mine."
Mr. McKinley stated the tfoard of di
rectors had authorized a 20-stamp mill
to be installed. The McKinley hold
ings have been under development for
many years, nd the mother lode has
been the objective point sought which
the above mining men state has been
realized at last
UNITED VERDE MAKES
NEW OUTPUT RECORD
IN SPITE OF STRIKE
Six And Three-Quarter Mil
lion Pounds of Copper
Turned Out By Clarkdale
Smelt ;r During Last Month.
JEROME, June 9. In spite of the
strike, the United Verde broke its pro
duction record in' May.
The big smelter down at Clarksdale
turned out 6,750.000 pounds of copper.
As a matter of fact, the output was a
few thousand pounds in excess of that
amount, but Manager Robert E. Tally
prefers the round figure.
In March the production was 6.250,
000 pounds. That was tne previous
high record.
A year ago the monthly production
of the United Verde was 5,000,000
p'junds. Additional furnaces and other
new equipment have brought the nor
mal monthly production close to 7,
000.000 pounds. Ultimately it will be
10,000,00 pounds, and when that goal
is reached another may be sot.
NEW MACHINERY FOR
CONSOLIDATED CO. TO
SOON BE INSTALLED
Production of Consolidated
Arizona This Year Is Ex
pected To Reach 20,000,
000 Pounds.
The Consolidated Arizona Smelting
company smelter at Humboldt, pro
duced 1,650,000 pounds copper in
April from company and custom ore.
comparing with 1.590,000 pounds aver
age in the first quarter. April pro
duction was less than March. About
two-thirds the output is from utrtom
ore. According to present indications
the 1917 production will bo 19.u00.000
or 20.000.000 pounds. The company
has ordered a new 500 ton roaster and
a new copper converter, and produc
tion in 1918 will probably be higher
at any rate from the company's own
ore.
Urockton shoo manufacturer.-! have
already been awarded contracts for
1.540,000 pairs of shoes for the army
and navy. Other contracts will short
ly be awarded, and manufacturers say
the futcories will be busy ljr months.
Awards were: W. II. McKlwain com
pany. 500.000 pairs; C. A. Eaton com
pany. 440,000; T. 1). Barry company.
400,000: E. K. Taylor compary. 100.-!
000; Fred F. Field company, 100.000.
OUTPUT OF BUTTE
& SUPERIOR SHOWS
. LESS THAN IN 1916
Falling off Accounted For By
Time Lost In Changing
Methods For New Flotation
Process.
During the past twelve months In
dia has purchased a total of 123.500,
000 ounces of silver, which it coined
into $120,000,000 of new rupees, there
by netting a profit on the coinage of
about $30,000,000. This output of
the mint was readily absorbed and
more will be needed.
Although India is a prominent buyer
in the silver market, its purchases no
doubt will 'pale into insignificance
when compared with the agregate re
quirements of European nations after
the war, when new. schemes must be
evolved.
Russia, the United States, Great
Britain, France, Germany, Belgium",
Turkey, Servia, Japan, Montenegro,
and Budgaria, as well as certain neu
tral nations that have I run heavily in
debt, represent a tremendous buying
power nad all are. large prospective
purchasers of silver ;
Whilethe quantity 'of silver that
these nations may use immediately
following the war can be merely a
matter of conjecture, j It undoubtedly
will be huge. If the" fifteen nations
mentioned make purchases whose to
tal would average only $100,000,000
apiece, that would mean $1,500,000,
000 spent for silver. With the debts
of the governments involved running
high into ahe billions of dollars, and
all on a gold basis, the above figures
seem very conservative. Many mil
lions of dollars in silver must be coin
ed to supplement the gold circulation
and help retire the immense amount
of paper obligations of the various
governments. 01d standards of com
puta'toin have been swept .away tby
world conditions and sums once con
sidered large are now regarded as in
significant in national finance.
When the unparallelled demand for
silver begins to make itself felt prices
for the white metal should soar to
record levls, and stimulate produc
tion to an extent unequaled in the
history of the mining industry.
BIG BUG DISTRICTS
(Continued front Page One)
--
Verde district is now on the verge of
accomplishment in the Big Bug dis
trict and very possibly will be ac
complished in Copper Basin.
A Brace of Comparisons..
Less than two years ago the now
famous Unitel Verde Extension mine
was unheralded and unknown just a
hole in the ground at Jerome; no bet
ter and no worse than other holes in
the ground there. Mining develop
ment, intelligently prosecuted, trans
formed it into, a highly productive
mine. A like process of transforma
tion is now going on at the Jerome
Verde, Calumet & Jerome, Venture
Hill, Dundee & Jerome, Verde Apex,
Jerome Copper, Jerome Victor Exten
sion and other acreages at Jerome and
elsewhere throughout ' the copper
sections of Yavapai county. Xo one
no matter how keen his mining acu
men, can with certainty fortell the fu
ture of a mining proposition. There
were at one time people who de
cride the Verde Extension mine. "Jim"
Douglas replied to these letractors by
opening a body of 23 per cent copper
ore. His answer will probably bo the
answer of numerous other mine opera
tors here to those who view their ef
forts askance.
1 ntil Senator W. H. Reynolds, or
New York City, obtained control of the
Arizona Binghamton mine it was
naught but a promising and little heard
of hole in the ground near Mayer.
Mining development.Jntelligently pros
ecuted, has within a year transformed
it into a highly productive mine
a mine that presents mineral charac
teristics similar to those of the Vr
de Extension. The Binghamton. like
the Verde Extension, did not lack, de
tractors. Copper ore shipments from
the Binghamton have in eight months
exceeded in value $300,000; which, to
quote the slang of the day, is "some
reply" to the whilom decrlcrs of the
mine.
The foregoing illustrations of min
ing accomplishment recorded in the
face of adverse opinion are applicable
to any mining district where work is
heing intelligent ty prosecuted.
Officers of Magma
Company Re-elected
At the directors' meetine of the
Magma Copper company, held last
week retiring officers were re-elected,
assuring a continuance of the same
management that has been responsible
for the success of the company. ;
The company reports that at the
present time there are no new devel
opments at the mine. Active produc
tion last year totaled 8.47o,5sO poum'.s
of copper, or over 70,600 pounds a
month.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING QUICK RESULTS
WEEK IS UNUSUALLY
GOOD ONE FOR
I
II
(Continued from Page One)
attacked by mining men in the copper
industry. The success they attained
and that is now being so handsomely
demonstrated in the output of metal
means large returns, probably around
$10, the share annually on a 15 cent
copper market, to C. & A. on its hold
ings of above 70 per cent of the stock
of New Cornelia, with like earnings
for holders of the remaining outstand
ing stock of the company, which was
a derelict, practically abandoned and
hopeless, when taken over by the C.
& A. in 1911. The activities of the
company in its present production will
mean a monthly payroll of around
$500,000 added to the Arizona total.
Steam shovel pit, production plant
and railroad workers enter largely in
to ten total of Cornelia employes.
Machine shop, power plant, pumping
station, townsite and other force's are
also maintained. A population of
3,500 is dependent upon the operations
of the company and of smelter opera
tors engaged in the development of
mineral resources, the facilities mak
ing their ,work possible having been
provided by New Cornelia through its
railroad construction, water develop
ment and other provisions.
More Wages, Taxes And Output.
Copper is going abroad from the
United States at the rate of 100,250,
000 pounds the month; This Includes
copper-in-brass, forming a little niore
than 25,000,000 pounds of the total and
which has been woiked up by domestic
consumers prior to export. The ex
port of the raw copper thus far thi
year has been at the rate of a billion
pounds the year, or half of the total
production estimated for the Ameri
can continent in 1917. It means the
total output of Arizona for the year
plus a very few million pounds addi
tional outside production, provided
Arizona production makes the pick-up
and holds to it that now seems as
sured. The export figures are by far
the highest in the history of the cop
per Industry. They are partly ac
counted for by the fact that during the
last several months producers have
been rushing forward shipments on
contracts made during the middle-part
of last year and on which they fell
behind for a while, due embargoes by
rail, inability to get ships, tie-ups in
the eastern electrolytic plants and
home demands for metal which they
were obliged to take care or. At the
Immcd'ate .time t'ac producers are
without stocks on hand and have
nothing for 'delivery before August.
Domestic demands in the meantime
increasing. Government call for an
important tonnage is an additional
Item of demand which is now expect
ed any day. It will require the earli
est possible delivery in all likelihood.
The price will be fixed by the govern
ment on this order, it is understood,
and be somewhere around 25 cents.
The higher price paid by the govern
ment together with other factors of
the situation, occasion confidence that
the general market will work higher
rather than lower. A thirty cent aver
age for coppeY In July, and possibly
this month, is not considered at all
!mprobable. Its attainment will mean
return for Arizona miners to the high
est wages of the year, their pay be
ing based, under the mutual under
standing or voluntary profit sharing
plan given by the ' producing com
panies, upon the average price paid
for copper in the open market each
month. The forces employed In Ari
zona on copper production are con
stantly growing, in consequence, of j
which attainment now to the high
wage, of the year will mean more
distribution than in any previous
month in conduct of the industry. By
the same token tax payments, based
in Arizona upon profits earned on trial
output of metal. will be higher to
state and county than in any previous
jnonth of the year.-
nGGDHDIHG TO PRICE
(Continued From Pai;e One) -
encountered than anticipated. This
will be done as soon as possible.
Work is progressing on a dozen Oat
man properties without opening dis
closures of any special note, though
each is nearing the point where im--porta
nt news may be expected at any ,
time. These include the mines in the
Black Ranse section, the Sunnyside
and the Tullurido. east '.f the Tom
Reed; the Oatman United and the Mo
hawk Central between the Tom Reed
and the United Kusteru: the Cold Ore.
the Cold Road and the Cold Road Ho-n.-mza.
in the Cold Road section, and
the Record Lode in what is known
as the Hardy section.
Tin re is als'j the Moss IShi'Ic. where
the water is beiti',' taken out prepara
tory to a complete examination and
sampling by an eastern syndicate's en
gineer, and the Cirard, in the same
section, from which a carload or ore
is being shipped to the Selby smelter
at San Francisco this week.
Just east of the Boundary Cone the
Vnited Oatman is running a tunnel in
to the side of the mountain for a lis
tanee of STiO reel. This tunnel is i.'jw
in about 17j ieet und good progress
is being made
Now is the time to buy a
BEACH LOT
$350
$1.00 Down
$1.00 Per WeeK .
10 Off on Excess Payments I
' No Interest No Taxes.
Seashore Colony Tract, Newport I
Beach. .
25 choice sand lots; former price,
$500. Gas, water and electricity at
hand. Electric cars through tract;
sta"- on tract A bona fide op
pa:, lty to double your money
C L. Lancaster, Owner
603 Central Bldg., Lot Angeles
Or Newport Beach, Cal.
CATARRH
"of the 9
BLADDER
EeHsred !a
24 Hours
r Each Cap-
sole bears the Minvi
Srwan
Bnam of counterfeit c
'VWWWVWtW
H
enderson will try and
please you,
W
atkins, he
helps too,
Lumber has gone up
a little as
U
M
B
E
R
sual as other
things has,
ighty good
time to buy
efore things
get so high
ach month you put off
building that home you
un a risk of
having none
ome let us
talk to you,
lson may offer some
suggestions too.
PHONE 16
O
In Peace or War Your Teeth Need,
Attention I
DR. TEUFERT
Sanitary Dental Office t
Maze Building
WilHtllW
BISBEE-DOUGLAS STAGE
W1NTON SIX
Travel in luxury roomy, comfortable cars; careful, courteous driven.
Leave Copper Queen Hotel, Bisbie and Gadsden Hotel Douglas on the
hour commencing eight !A. M. dally, via Lowell and Warren. Arrange-
ments may be made for private parties and special trips.
MOTOR TRANSIT CO.
Phone, Bisbee 98 rhone Douglas 343
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everythinz at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Baggage and Transfer
Bisbee to Douglas
I am on the road hauling anything there Is to be hauled.
Leave Douglas, Arizona, at 6 o'clock In the morning and leave
Bisoee at 2 o'clock In the afternoon. Leave orders at Victor U
Hotel, Phone 54.
r-.O TRIPS SUNDAY.
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
LOWELL
J.B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
EYE NERVE GLASSES
Permanently located
in Bisbee, except
Mondays In Douglas.
Room 1, Mais
Building.
DR. R. GLAZE, N urologist
Phons 158.
Residence Phone, Black 420.
O. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert' Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicit Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
M. KE ANE
High Class Tailor,
Airdome Theatre
Lowell, - Arizona
1
PRICES REASONABLE
B. T. McGINNISS.
IT IS OUR RULE TO TALK
LUMBER
straight from the shouMer. We
tell exactly the quality of the
lumber we sell what k is best
used for and just how much Is
required for a particular Job.
We try neither to sell you more
than you need or to stick you
with an inferior grade You
don't have to be as expert to
get the right lumber here.
Company, inc
CAR STOP.
PHONE M. THE BI5BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 10, 1917.
- 9
THREE
SULTANA OF SARAWAK AN ORIENTAL
TRINCESS OF BOSTON ESE ANCESTRY
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
M WO conditions, or. perhaps periods
ineir presence Known mrougiiout
.unset Dame Snietv and mncori hor
- - . -j.. ""NhT iiuSiaui iur uie com
ing months, and one or these conditions may cause Madam Society to change
her pleasure hours to working hours during the next few years. Summer
and the war are referred to. With the first warm weather of the vear having
H.c.ancu uuims ue last mo (ks
of club and musical work, a noticeable
. and a decidedly noticeable Increase in
.
" uvuicnauc iu v-uiiiui ma. ttjiu
was officially declared on.
Every train that leaves is carrying "mother and the kiddies" to some
, place on the coast where mother can rest during the summer months while
the kiddies are swimming, playing on the beaches or doing any of the scores
of things that make California the summer playground of Arizona and other
neighboring inland states.
Summer will interrupt society's call for only a few months, but Mars
; seems to be preparing to stay for a considerable length of time and society
in the Warren District is preparing todevote its time to helping offset the
misery and suffering that will be wrought by the war lord. Hardly had the
- entry of this country into the great struggle across the Atlantic been an
nounced before the American Red Cross announced that its entire efforts
would be directed toward doing everything in its power to make life more
cheerful and brighter for Uncle Sam's boys who- rrill be sent to the trenches
of France. Soon after, the men and
a local Red Cross chapter.. Officers
financial and membership campaign
ed that its Red Cross chapter had become a compapatively small, but highly
important factor, in the military machine that America will use to defend
the right cf its people to live their lives as they best see fit.
Society has figuratively discarded
the less gay but more inspiring uniform of the Red Cross; bridge parties,
musicales and "at homes" have been forgotten for Red Cross meetings and
knitting classes; altogether, the social calendar has been turned Into a work
!ng calendar, with every day cne for every person to do his or her share in
turning out the supplies of bandages, knitted socks and sweaters, comfort
kits, etc., that all go toward making
look for those at the front and make those who cannot go to. the front feel
that they are doing their share, even though they may be thousands of miles
from the scenes of actual fighting.
The local Red Cross chapter has a long, uphill pull ahead, but, judging
.from the hearty response that has already greeted its efforts, it will prove
equal to the task. So let us all do our part in this work, remembering tha
- the best soldiers are not all going to be on the front battle line.
Two of the most en;jyable dances
this year were given during the last
1 -w-ek- for the benefit of the Red Cross.
Oailonday night the chapter was host
r iojuore than 100 couples at Vista Tark.
"The evening was a delightful one for
4 open air dancing and, in addition te
"everyone having a pleasant time, the
i'"Red Cross fund was increased $59.
.: The second affair was given at the
. Country club Thursday evening. Ow
ing to the limited number of guests
r that could be accommodated, invita
- tions were only fssucd to members of
. the club and their friends. The at
. tendance was large and the receipts
''. far greater than had been amicipattd.
Special music was provided and the
:.dance W3s agreed by ail who attended!
to have been one that will be long re
membered iu the t-ocial history of the
club.
Red Cross Silver Tea
I
On Tuesday Afternoon.
,'. u . I was in Bisbee several days during the
Another charming affair for the Red . ... .. . .
: , u , . , i week, visiting his parents, Mr. and
( Cross has been arranged for Tuesday . R roiUbs
' afternoon, a silver tea and garden " m
; party at the home of Mrs. Arthur I . .
vHoule. Denn mine. Refreshments will ' Mtor t0 , "y0n, .
i, . , . . , , . , , t James L. Powell, deputy county as-
bp served from 4 to 6 o clock, and a ... ...
, , , , ., .. , , . . sessor, and sister. Miss Oma Wescott,
most cordial invitation is extended ij , '., .
. , . left Friday morning for the Granu
everyone to attend. Automobiles deco- . ,
. ., . ... D , . . . Canyon, where they expect to remaiL
. rated with Red Cross banners will be . ' ' . T
i x n . . .i. 4 , , , i for about a month. They will make
4 at Lowell to meet the cars that leave... .,,,. , .
' n-,.K . , ... . ' tae trip in Mr. Powells car and will
Bisbee and Warren at 4:00, 4:30 audi " . , . .. . .
make several stops at different points
; 5 : 00 o clock. , "
, The patronesses for the afternoon iof interest a,ong ".e route.
are the Mesdames Arthur Houle, W.
B. Gohring, A. J. Calml'jrth and R. W.
Kerns.
. Popular Teachers
Mfrried Wednesday.
Miss Edith Irene Buckett and Mr.
' S. S. Safford, both of this city, were
married on Wednesday. Miss Euekett ;
and is one of the m'jst popular mem-
and is one of the mots popular mem- j
bers of Bisbee's younger set. Mr. Saf- j
ford is also a teacher, having charge ;
of instruction In the commercial de-!
partment of the high school. Mr. and
Mrs. Safford are spending their honey-j
moon on the coast. After their return !
they will make their home in Warren.
.
Enjoying the Beaches.
Miss Dorothy Gregg, primary super
visor of the Cnetral schcAd. has left 1
for the coast to enjoy the balmy '
breezes from
the Facinc during the
summer months. She will return be
fore the fall school term commences.
Miss Todd Leaves.
Miss Dorothy Todd left for New Or-1
leans Tuesday. . She will spend
the I
summer in the south.
Will Visit Sister.
Miss KOsemond T. Pitwell left dur
ing the week for Venice. Cal., where
she will visit during the summer with
her sister, Mrs. J. J. Ryan, of Lowell.
Mrs. Ryan has been in Venice for sev
eral weeks and. with Miss Pitwell, will
probably remain until the fall.
To Los Angeles.
would be. a better word, are making
the nation In a manner that the
in KLamniu - .1
mere nas Deen an immediate cessation
decrease in bridge parties and teosiBlancne Whittam, both of Bisbee;
the number of icual resident, ,n r
lue jirsi warm aay vacaiion season
women of the Warren District organized
were elected, a few meetings held, a
launched and then the district discover
its afternoon and evening gowns for
the world take on a more "comfy" out
Mrs. Ralph L. Moltz, of this city, L
in Los Angeles. She will remain in
the,AngeI City during the warm weath
er season.
Goes to Denver.
Mrs. E. G. Ruffner left several da;,
af o for Denver, Colo., where she v.
visit with her mother for seven,
weeks.
To Long Beach.
Mrs. A. B. Richardson, wife of the
general secretary of tiie Warrec Di
tric-t Y. M. C. A., and son. aro visltir.
in Long Beach, Cal. After reii.u.n?
for several weeks at the coast resor.
they will go to Pocatello, Ida., where
j Mrs. Richardson will visit with her
sister. v
From Nogales.
J. A. Combs,
of the United Statefc
! military intelligence staff at Nogales,
w
i Goes to Coast.
j Mrs. Clifton Mathews, of Warren,
I left on the Golden State Limited last
; week for Los Angeles. She will spend
; the summer months at the beach re
I sorts of Caliioruia.
.
; Line Sale Successful.
The members of the First Christian
church held a very successful "line"
sale Ftiday night at the church. Many
were in attendance, and after a very
delightful program refreshments were
served. The program was as follows:
puet, Mrs. Wallace and Miss Edith
Hudson; reading. Mrs. C. M. Deacon;
gji0. Mrs. Clyde Stambaugh; reading.
Mrs. William Deatherage; duet. Tom
Wallace and Alfred Truscott; reading.
Katherine Winstead; solo, Anna Wal
lace, and Mrs. Oscar Rudig at the
piano.
Women's League Meets.
The Women's league met during the
week at the home of Mrs. F. L. Wil
liams. The meeting was one of the
best, both in a social and business
way, held this year. Hot rolls, tea
and coffee and cake were served, after
which the league members adjourned
for the summer, to devote their time
during the nex t few months to the
work of the Red Cross society.
Leave for Coast
Mrs. Charles Keast Mrs. Herbert
Warmington and Mrs. J. E. Davey left
during the week for Los Angeles. They
will spend the summer months at the
Angel City and various beaches of
southern California.
I Marriage Licenses.
There has been a rush of applicants
Jfor marriage licenses from Warren
j District people at the office of the
clerk of the superior court at Tomb
stone during the last few days. The
j following lirneses were issued :
rharlcB rjiinhal In oil Ivnti Tl Inhne
1 both of Lowell; John Gedart to wed
! Alexander M. Reid to wed Thomasina
Lowery, both of Bisbee: Scott C.
Rhodes to wed Louise McColly, both
of Bisbee; Emil 'Lahta to wed Helma
Hasjin, both of Lowell; Henry Harris
to wed Mary Kimbrough, both of Bis
bee: Arnold E. Sulgc-r. of Lowell, to
wed Maudie Kimbrough ,of Bisbee.
Miss Helen True Is
Expected Home Soon.
Miss Helen True is expected home
tOon from Washington, D. C, where
she has twice graduated in the last two
years, last year finishing her literary
course and this year her vocal study.
in addition to receiving a medal for
instrumental music. Miss True has
spent four years at the capital at se
lect seminaries, finishing her music
under Paschavia at the conservatory
Jt Dumbarton or Chevy Chase. Miss
Treu may well be proud of her achieve
ments, which were made evident to her
many Bisbee friends who recently re
ceived programs and invitations for
her final recital, of which one of Wash
ington's leading papers has the follow
ing to say:
"An event of particular interest in
the calendar at the conservatory of
music at Dumbarton was the joint re
cital of Miss Helyn Treu, vocalist, and
Miss Anna Keady, pianist. Their
charming concert was given in the au
ditorium at the conservatory, the stage
of which had been converted literally
into a floral bower by the loving rela
tives and friends of the young artists.
Miss Keady, who 13 from Georgetown,
and Mis.Treu. from Arizona, had both
received diplomas in literary study
last year and returned this year to the
conservatory to pursue their musical
studies in June. Their program in
cluded Beethoven, Chopin, Schumann
and Liszt numbers, artistically ren
dered. "At the close 'of the program the
Rt. Rev. Bishop Currier expressed elo
quently and adequately the sentiments
of all present in his hearty praise of
he skill and artistic feeling displayed
by the evening's talented performers."
The Churches
St. John's Episcopal Church.
Sunday school, 9:45 a .m.
Morning service, 11 a. m.
Thursday, choir practice, 7:30 p. m
During absence of rector, the serv
ices will be conducted by Mr. Thomas
MuaL H. S. Brewster, Rector.
Presbyterian Church.
Sunday school, 9:30 a. m. Chil
dren's day service. Offering for "Mis
3lons." Children may be presented
for christening.
Christian Endeavor. 6:45 p. m.
Topic, "Sins of the Mind" (Romans
8:1-11.)
Preaching by the pastor, 11 a. m. and
7:45 p. m.
Mid-week meeting Wednesday, 7:30
p. m. Subject, "Temptation in the Vic
torious Life."
Choir practice Thursday evening.
John E, Fry. Pastor.
First Baptist Church.
Sunday school. 9:45 a. m.
H.
Branaman. superintendent
Preaching, 11 a. m. Subject, "Union
With Christ"
Junior and Senror B. Y. P. U., 6:45
p. m.
Preaching, 7:45 p. m. Subject
"Woman's Work."
Wednesday evening prayer meeting.
Thursday evening, choir practice.
Come and bring your friend. A wel
come awaits you. F. M. Pitman.
Methodist Episcopal Church. ,
Sunday school, 9:45. There will be
no Children's day program, but the
Childen's day offering will be re
ceived. Public worship. 11 o'clock. The an
nual Educational Sermon will be
preached.
EpwVrth league meeting, 6:30. Sub
ject "The High Grace of Loyalty." H.
S. Becker, leader. ,
Evening worship, 7:30. Subject,
'Smelting and Refining." '
The First Christian Church.
.Preaching and common services, 11
a. m. Messrs. Wallace and Truscott
will sing a duet. Subject, "Words."
Sunday school, 10 a. m. Sunday is
red-letter day for the Bible school. A
good program will be rendered.
Endeavor services. 6:30 p. m. This
will be a service Of interest as the
contest closes at this time.
Preaching services, 7:45 p. m. '
A cordial invitation is extended to
all, W. S. Deatherage, Minister.
Volunteers of America.
Capt. and Mrs. John Holnian
will
v if mm J mm
The Gultan and Sultana of Sarawak.
LONDON, une 9. The new sultanee
of Sarawak is a pretty and charming
white woman, the daughter of an Eng
lish peer and with a strong strain of
American blood in her veins. She is
the daughter of Viscount Esfler, dep
uty constable of Windsor Castle, keep
er of the archives of the reigning fam
ily of England, and official biographer
of Queen Victoria and King Edward
VII. One of her recent ancestors was
Joshua Bates of Boston, the American
partner and representative of the great
British banking house of Baring Broth
ers. She was known bejre her mar
riage as the Hon. Sylvia Brett "
Her husband, who possesses the
power of life and death over a million
Malays, is Charles Vyner Brooke, an
alumnus of Cambridge university. Now
that he has become the sultan of Sara
wak he is no longer an ordinary sub
ject )f the British crown.
According to a decree of Edward
VII., confirmed in 1911 by King George,
the rulers of Sarawak enjoy the same
status as the vassal sovereigns of tiie
first class of India. That is to ray, the
sultan of Sarawak and his sultana,
while remaining under the protection
of King George's suzerainty, .and as
such debarred from contracting alli
ances or treaties with any foreign pow
ers, are in every other sense independ
ent sovereigns, and treated as such in
the British orient and in England.
They enjoy extra-territorial privileges
and immunities from the jurisdiction
of the British courts of law, are ac
corded the same military and naval
honors as royalty, including the salute
of twenty-one guns .and are addressed
as "your highness." Moreover, when
either the sultan or his consort appears
at the court of St James's the king
and queen advance to meet them
The story of Sarawak is full of
Brilliant Colors Vie
For Supremacy In New Garments
Warm weather is here and with it
has arrived "an abundance of new
styles. The tendency is strongly to
ward bright colors and loose, filmy
textures. Altogether, the styles this
summer are the most delightfully com-,
fortable and dressy in many seasons.
The favorite costume for Bport or
general wear is shown in a blouse
waist having a pretty fullness that is
splendid for soft materials, such as
cotton voiles or crepe de chine. The
choice skirt made of cotton garbar-
dine, beach cloth or summer serge
would be excellent with rows of ma
chine stitching and large pockets to
form the trimmings.
One-piece dresses are
extremely
popular this summer.
If you want something that is a real
ly new style, don't fail to have a dress
made from plain and figured pongee
with a combination of large pockets
and straight flounces, which gives it
the new egg shape or barrel silhouette.
The importance of selecting your
evening frocks is emphasized by a
gowp of rose pink and leaf green taf-
hold a farewell meeting at Lowell In
the Finnish church, Sunday, at 2:30
p. m. All are invited to attend.
Christian Science Society.
Christian Science society, of Bisbee,
holds services in Odd Fellows' hall at
11 a. m. The public is welcome and
invited to attend. Subject for Sunday,
June 10th, "GOd the Only Cause and
Creator."
thrilling adventures, and the role
played in connett.On with it by the
late Lady Burdett-Coutts is known
only to- a few. More than fifty years
ago the baroness fitted out an armed
expedition to suppress pirates then In
festing the Straita of Malacca. She
entrusted the command of it to the
Hon. Harry Kepel (who died as Sir
Harry Keppel, admiral Of the fleet),
and to Sir James Brooke, a wealthy
officer of the Bengal army. They prac
tically wiped out the piracy of the
strait
Sir James declined to return with
Sir Harry to England when their mis
sion was accomplished, and obtained
the consent of Lady Burdett-Coutts to
his retaining the ships of the expedi
t.On, and also their armament in or
der to assist the sultan of Borneo In
the suppression of the fierce Dyak
head hunters, who had revolted
against his rule. So valuable was his
assistance that the dusky sultan sur
rendered to him the sovereignty of a
portion of his dominions, namely, Sara
wak, embracing the northern and west
ern portions of the great Malay island
of Borneo, and bestowing upon him
the title of rajah. There sir James set
up a government as far as possible on
English lines, the British crown allow
ing army and navy officers on half pay
to take temporary sen-ice under his
orders: while Lady Burdett-Coutts con
tinued for many years, and until Sara
wak became self-supporting, to act as
financial backer of the enterprise.
Sir James was, in due course, suc
ceeded by his nephew. Sir Charles
Brooke, who considerably extended the
territory subject to his rule by pur
chase an dby conquest acquiring the
title of sultan, in addition to that of
rajah. He has now In turn been suc-
ceeded by his eldest son.
With Each Other
fetas, with one, or even two, rows of
rose pearls determlng the waist line.
The tunic loots as if it were taking
tno ieaj for 80ft materials as it takes
the part of the waist and gives the
Russian blouse.
One-piece dresses for growing girls
are smart and becoming and will be
found most comfortable to play In.
Give your large squar linen col
lar a touch of embroidery.
What is better for the kiddies to
wear while on the coast this sum
mer than a Norfolk blouse, bife loose
collar and straight knee trousers.
Black mohair piped with white
makes a smart combination for a wo
man or young girl's bathing suit. The
square neck is very attractive.
Loral stores are displaying the new
Fisk sport hats, the very latest thing
in summer millinery.
Some very beautiful tatted yokes
that are worth attention are seen this
summer.
Whooping Cough.
In this disease It Is important that
the cough be kept loose and expectora
tion easy, which can be done by giving
Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. Mrs.
P. H. Martin, Peru, Ind., writes: "My
two daughters had whooping coush. I
gave them Chamberlain's Cough P.em
edy and it worked like a charm." Advertisement
June ASSOCIATION MEN, the Y.
M. C. A. organ, chornicles the fact that
Dr. John R. Mott, the general secretary
of the International Committee, is one
of the Russian tommisslon, sent to
Russia on the important mission of en
deavoring to keep the Russian govern
ment in line with the allies during
the continuation of the great war. Dr.
Mott ranks as one of the great men of
the world and the association brother
hqodhas every reason to be proud of
him as its leader. Dr. Mott has had an
eighteen years equipment by virtue of
his arcosiation contract with the Rus
sian young men and their ideals, and
is eminently fittPd for this most lm-
portant task.
Theodore Moore, formerly private
secretary to the manager of the
Spreckles sugar interests in Haiwal,
is a recent arrival in the district In
addition to being an expert stenog
rapher, Mr. Moore is quite an accomp
lished pianist. Mr. Moore hopes to
locate in the district permanently.
The latest recruit in the Y. force
is Miss Lillian Ousley, who ha sac
cepted the position of bookkeeper and
sctenographer. The 1.600 members ex
tend her a hearty welcome to th
force.
Summer is surely here again, as Is
evidenced by the fact that Treasurer
J. L. Williams of the Y is taking bis
daily shower baths.
The big feed, the monthly member
ship banquet and "get together." will
appear on the schedule of events on
Wednesday evening the 20th. Will you
be there vith your feet under the ma
hogany? Check up the honor roll and
see if your name is written there. If
not you are in tough luck.
Geo. Ordonyon one of the "Y" home
Guards, is back on bis old shift at the
Lowell, after being off nearly two
months on account of a broken little
finger.
R. M. Wilson, one of the bowling
fiends of the "Y" has just purchased a
new Buick, which occupies a great deal
of bis attention, at the present time,
thoroughly cheating the "Y" alleys out
of considerable change.
Secretary Richardson has just re
ceived word from his brother. Secre
tary at Srteator, 111., that he has re
signed and joined the forces "Some
where in France," with the Army Y. M
C.A.
S. P. Jones of the Copper Queen
efficiency force, but until recently a
miner, has just joined the "Y". Mrs.
Jones has just left for a three months
visit with her parents In Denver.
Talk about the Y employed force
these dog days with Industrial Secre
tary Buck's wife in the northwest
Secretary Richardson's wife and son
A. B. Jr.. out on the roast. Martin, the
boy's secretary out " on "Patriotic
fr.rm," wi'h a bunch of boys and As
sistant Secretary Mitchell, rejuvinat-
Ing at Murrietta Springs, somewhat
upsets the regular program of fcctivi
ties. but the program is still pretty
heavy, and with the schedule already
on. there will be busy days for the
"men at the desk."
Night Chief Police Kempton, a
regular whale In the water was mighty
peeved yesterday when Chief Allison
cnlled bim out of the "ole swimmin"
hole and ordered him to Rodeo, to
Investigate a bunch of fellows thnt
weren't wise to the fact that Arizona
wps on tle water wagon.
Committee rooms at the building are
now be!ng worked over time, but still
there is room for all. and the Y man
neement is glad to accommodate all
who mpy wish to use the headquarters
Pefrnse League. Red Cross. Safety
Fir. Firs Aid and War Council Fund,
nre some of the committees now mak
ing regular use of the committee
rooms.
The Association Four, Is practicing
n'ghtly at the building, preparatory
for the big stag social which will be
the June event for the men of the
nssociaMon. ,
Dr. O. R. Black. Is already making
preparations for his vacation, which
wl'l be a great, ocrnslon this year.
"She" 1'vps In Minnesota and that Is
the direction the train will take.
All records were broken recently in
the big swimming pool, when' McGin-
ni taught one of the men members
the art of swimming In just exactly
three minutes. Annette Kellerman Is
not In it with Mae. '
Pov Thompson recently resigned bis
position with Ruxton Smith Company
nd has accepted a position at the Cole
Shaft
Gene Martyn still holds the record
on the bowling speedway, having roll
ed an average of 190 in 24 games.
Tbese games were rolled when no
ladies were present, and Gene says
give him a tadv audience and be will
beat the world's record..
Another meeting of all the runners,
trotters, lumpers and even the walk
ers is culled for Mondav nicht. tomor
row, when the finnl touches will be
put on the big athletic field day. which
will snrelv be pulled off on the 24th.
R. r. Webber, leader of the big
wrestling sound Is verv optimlst'e over
'he work of his bunch, even though
the weather Is a little warm up In the
fourth flood. A few of the lod heads
hsve left for the trenches, so there ar
a' few vacancips for any who wish to
join the wrestling club.
The chamnlnn tennis player of the
association. Prof Potter of Central.
was taken down a few degrees yester-i
; day by Henry Poppin or the Copper
" Queen Hotel. Prsf. laid It on to the
i courts.
O. R. Black has been substituting at
the Y im bis spare time, since C. C.
Mitchell has gone to the coast and
Doc looks pretty good behind the coun
ter, too. !
Chief Wieratre and Jack. Donivan
have left Bisbee. Chief, who took an
an active part in baseball while here,
bad gono to Denver with Jack and
from there be is going to New York
City.
Ellsworth Cooke is substituting for
E. L. McFarland at the Mountain
States Telephone Company. McFar
land has not yet returned from El Paso
where he went a week ago for final
examination for the Signal Corps.
Ed Evans, who has been working at
the Gardner Shaft, has gone to Den
ver for the summer.
A. O. Anderson has left Bisbee for
Omaha, Nebraska.
Otto Moeller left yesterday for San
Antonio for a month's vacation.
L. A. P. Tanner has gone to Wichita,
Kansaa. where he intends to stay some
time.
. Following are those who have join
ed or renewed their membership at
the "Y" during the past week:
C. M. Buck. Chas. L. Kan. Chas. D.
Beall. John C. Salisbury, Walter Elli
ott. David Jeffrey, Samuel Reiser,
Phil Lirson. J. D. Arnold. Herbert A.
Miller. Thos. A. Egan. Floyd Daven
oort. Joseph Critcbelow. Bert Fletcher.
G. W. Cutler. H JL Vaughn, . W.
Freeman. R. L. White, Chas. Graves.
Phil Doffman, C. E. David. Daniel
Garcia, A. L. Huie. R. L. Motz, Marvin
teese. P. T. Wetenkjamp. J. J. Schupp.
Earl N. Francis. W. R. Banks. Archio
Courteney, W. W. Cidley. S. Bazat
Lloyd M. Stephens. C. M. Watt Fran
r's S. Manuel. C. W. Grupe. Fred W.
Webber, Roy Holcomb, Francis M".
Hooper. Fred Schweizer, Nick Ban,
Frank Collison. H. B. Shivers. Win. R.
Hicks, Robert R. Thomas, Erra Rider.
Karl Johnson. Chas. Bergman, Emil
Yoakum. J. E, Warren. Roahan ClufT.
H. J. Attaway. Robert A. Grant. W.
Hallmark. Harry A. Latt. Warren A.
Patton, C. S. Smith. D. B. Wiley. II.
A. Berquixt. W. H. Bailey. C. W. Dex
"er. J. F. McDonald.
Coach Laurenson has put in appli
cation for a job at the Y. W. C. A.
The coach is known as the best wait
er on the Copper Queen Ball Club.
"Oscar, a cup of coffee, please."
Word has been received here of the
-afe. arrival of H. Borchsenius. a for
mer popular "Y" member, at his new
'ocation with the Braden Copper Com
oany, of Chile. S. A. Borchsenius
states that there are quite a number
of young men from the states who are
-orking around there.
"Tex" Wiley, a promising youngster
from Texas, has accepted a position
in the supply department of the C. Y.
A. Mr. Wiley holds down at corner of
Room 11 at the "Y."
BOY'S DEPARTMENT.
Patriotic Camp-Farm.
Martin Debenham fo Stan
ford University and twenty-three boys
walked to the Purdy Ranch, Wednes
day morning. Wilson Martin, boys
secretary, left a little later with the
supplies, which took two Ford trucks
to carry them, each truck making two
trips.
The boys' didn't do much farming
the first two or three days on account
of having to put up the tents and pre
pare their camp. The first night they
had to sleep on the ground with the
sky as a roof on account of the tent
poles not being with the tents. They
are a bunch of game fellows and like
the camp fine. The boys have their
(Continued on page 7)
V. W. C. A. Notes
Miss Sloan and Miss McSarely left
for the mountains for a week's outing.
The Ashantl Camp Fire Girls met
for their council meeting Friday ev
ening. The misses Helen Allison and
Francis Smith were the hostesses of
the occasion.
Miss Hattie Malam left Monday ev
ening for the coast She intends re
turning in the fall to resume her high
school work.
Miss Antoinette Kelley is spending
the week at camp with Miss Bartlett
Mrs. W. H. Stratton. and ber club
of Silver Link, girls will be the next
to go to the ramp.
Mr. and Mrs. Lanford returned on
Tuesday from Ramsey Canyon.
Mr. and Mrs. Philbrook have gone
to Ramsey Canyon to spend the week
end.
The girls camp which the girls of
he Y. W. C. A. established at Miller's
rsnyon. has proved to be very popn-
ar. The camp is kept open during
the summer and a new party of girls
s sent out each week. Wednesday
morning the girls came In and Wed
nesday night the Lowell girls: Marion
Sprauls. Amy Rourke, Eleanor Madl-
gan. Ruth Heikenere and Sarah
Hawkes went out to enjoy an outing. FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 10, 1917.
is
METHOD OF RAISING BEST ARMY
SATS PROFESSOR STANLEY HALL
(By Review Leased Wire).
WORCESTER, Mass., June 9. "This
is pre-eminently a war of scientists."
So says Dr. G. Stanley Hall, one of
the most famous of the "pure scien
tists" of America, professor of psychol
ogy and president of Clark university.
"The war's greatest battles have
been fought, not on the Mafne or at
. f -mm
II &?&yMffl
if ' iy,
( Prof. G. Slauicj HaiL
Arras or Verdun," he declared recent
ly, "but in the universities and labora
tories of Europe and America. Joffre,
Hindenburg and Jellicoe have not had
so great a part in its direction as have
thfe. Wright brothers, Marconi and Si
mon Lake; and these gentlemen in
turn were dependent upon those anony
mous generals of modern warfare, the
'pure , scientists' who laborUusly
worked out the principles of physics
and mechanics upon which all their in
ventions were based. More and more
it has become apparent that tlx; deci
sive factor in war today is the ability
to mobilize the nation's knowledge. If
democracy is to wia this world's war
against autocracy it must press into
its service not only our Edisons and
Burbanks and Fords, but the roasters
of many seemingly abstract sciences
whose practical application has hither
to been almost overlooked. There are
some vital problems of war which only
the psychologists can solve.
Psychology Produce Result.
"It is evident that applied psycbel
ogy has produced results in this war
which it was never possible to at
tain before. Men have endured more,
they have shown more heroism and
daring and have submitted to more
punishment than In any previous war.
No such slaughter would have been
possible in former wars without pro
voking a panic. This has unquestion
ably been due to the system of psycho
logical selection, not only for the va
rious grades of service but for special
activities within each grade.
Our country may aa well think of go
ing to war without first-class military
equipment as without a knowledge of
"applied psychology. The council of
national defense teems to have recog
nized this; and the national research
council within that body will, I under
stand, contain representative Ameri
can psychologists. ,
Conscription I Scientific.
"The economic aspects of selective
conscription have been thoroughly
grasped. The nauon has recognized
that it would be disastrous to upset in
dustry, and especially the all-necessary
agriculture, by the aimless and anar
chaic volunteer system. But the psy
etiological aspect is no less important
Selective conscription in its highest
sense will mean the placing of each
individual in the nation in the posi
tion for which be is most fit, not only
physically but psychologically..
; "It is possible that "certain types of
strong men could never be made into
active fighters. They might be pa
triotic, capable Of being carried away
by the enthusiasm of the moment;
and then, when the impulse of the mo
ment is dominantly one of sudden
fright, they might start a disastrous
panic. Again, sending the wounded
who have recovered back to the .battle
tine may or may not be wise; only the
psychologita or the physician with
knowledge of psychology can tell. Per
haps the wound may have been healed
while the shock to the nervous system
experienced has transformed the sol
dier into permanent unfitness for that
particular form of service.
Pensioned Idleness Bad.
"The disposition of incapacitated
soldiers, during the war and after, is
one Of the questions which psychology
must help to solve. Pensioned idle
ness may prove to be the very worst
possible solution. It may not only de
prive the state of useful services, but
wreck the individual soul by condemn
ing it to uselessness.
"Yes. I am for the war. America
must win. Things dearer than life it
self are at stake democracy, the
American idea, the right of man to
shape his own destiny. I love the Ger
man people and the German devotion
to silence. I love their culture not
the kultur, which is a hybrid creation
of science and militaristic megaloma
nia and I hope the time is not far dis
tant when we may sit down with the
great minds anions our present en
emies to face and tOlve our common
problems.
"In the meantime our. nation could
not do different than it has done. And
if the American idaa is to become tri
umphant, we must match strength
with strength and knowledge with
knowledge. We must emulate Germany
in one "respect by calling to the nation
al service all the scientists we can
muster, in whatever branch of scien
tific research they have happened to
be engaged."
Hundreds of American Aviators
Training for Service In Europe
Romeo of Movies" Brutal,
Charges Wife; He Denies It
Ot
1 ) v
rs
LIKE ELECTRIC
; BUTTON ON TOES
Tells why a corn is so painful
and. Says Cutting Makes
them grow.
Press an electric button and you
form a contact with a live wire which
rings the bell. When your shoes press
against your corn it pushes its
8Hi.rp roots down upon a sensitive
nerve and you get a shock of pain.
Instead of trimming your corns,
which merely makes them grow, just
Ktep into any drug store and auk for a
quarter of announce of freezOne. This
will cost very little but is sufficient to
remove every hard or soft corn or cal
lus from one's feet. A few drops ap
plied directly upon a tender, aching
corn stops the soreness instantly, and
st.On the corn shrivels up so it lifts
right out, root and all, without pain.
This drug is harmless and never in
flames or even irritates the surround
ing tissue or skin. (Advertisement)
CHICHESTER S PILtS
VP TMH UIAMVNI) BRAND. A
VERDE SQUAW STOCK
HAS BEEN EXHAUSTED
JEROME, June 9. No more Verde
Squaw stock is for sale at 25 cents.
The 100.000-share allotment which the
corporation commission permitted the
company to sell at that price has been
exhausted. It is. possible that no more
Verde Squaw will Le offered the pub
lic in Arizona at any price.
The last of the 100,000 shares was
taken by the employes at the railroad
construction camp between Clarkdale
and the new smelt?r site. After Presi
dent J. Bernard McDonald went down
to the camp to doctor a sick mule and
discovered what a fertile field that was
for the placing of Verde Squaw shares
he returned lor another visit. Sales
were made to nine men in a row, and
the tenth applicant was turned down
because there waj no more stock to
sell.
Secretary T. H. Gray has applied
to the corporation commission for an
other permit to soil a small block of
stock, but it is possible that the per
mit will not be used. A big Boston
brokerage firm is negotiating for a
large block of Ver.le Squaw stock and
if the deal goes tli rough the financing
of the company will have been accomplished.
f U C'i hl-rk-llUumil(rii4y
&7L3V! III. I " M mniii:V
f V, I Tk othr llirrfMp v
T - lr A t III llr t-TEB
UIAMD.SD l'V..U PILL, fut t
nan know ts Past. Safest. A wyt Rclti4
rn- ? rtv ri rrirr r i-i? urrc
Cholera Morbus.
This is a very painful and dangerous
disease. In almost every neighbor
hood someone has died from it before
medicine could be obtained or a physi
cian summoned. The right way is to
have a bottle of Chamberlain's Colic
and Diarrhoea Remedy in . the house
b'j as to be prepared for it. Mrs.
Charles Enyeart, Huntington, Ind..
writes: "During the summer of 1911
two of my children were taken sick
with cholera morbus. I used Chamber
lain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy and
it gave them immediate relief." Adv.
WASHINGTON, June 9. The chief
contribution of the United States to
the allied cause in Europe will not be
aircraft. This was made clear by mil
itary men when asked about the Lon
don press reports, which seem to in
dicate that such an impression had
been created among British officials.
The only announcement on the sub
ject came recently in connection with
the statement that an aircraft produc
tion committee had been created by
the council of national defense, head
ed by Howard E. Coffin. In this con
nection it was stated th present plans
of the government contemplate the
construction of 3,500 airplanes within
twelve months and the training of 5,
000 to 6,000 American aviators.
The training of flyers already is unr
der way. About 300 college and tecn-
nical school students are taking cours-
in six leading educational institu
tions on the theoretical side of flying
and aircraft. The number will be in
creased weekjy until 600 are enrolled.
Meanwhile plans will be perfected for (
extending the system. , -The
United States is not manufac-t
turing modern battle planes. In fact, j
nnr ntanta are turning out what are .
known as school type machines, de-
signed for use of student flyers. They
are not of the high power type. Ex
periments are now being conducted
with high power motors. Consequent
ly the war department is not in po- j
sition to make a contribution of high !
power fighting and observation ma-1
chines. It is' possible construction in i
ENGINEER SAYS BIG
LEDGE ORE IS RICH
PRESCOTT, June 9. Dwight E.
WcOdbridge, M. E., engineer for the
Big Ledge Copper company, has issued
the following statement:
"Recent statements reflecting on the
methods of operating the Big Ledge
mines are so unjust and misleading as
to demand a brief reply. The Great
Western Smelters corporation, which
treats the ores of the Big Ledge Cop
per company, is handling these ores at
a lower charge than would any other
smelting company, and is in this way
a distinct asset to the Big Ledge company.
"As to the Butternut and the Hen
rietta mines of the Big Ledge com
pany, statements have been issued that
these properties may develop into
mines at depth. This kind of bear arg
ument may have applied to this situa
tion 18 months ago, but it does not ap
ply now as both these properties are
now rich mines, having developed
large tonnages of high-grade copper-gold-silver
ores, and they are now op
ening up additional similar ores with
remarkable speed."
Lumber manufacturers of Oregon
and Washington have fixed the pcice
of $35 per thousand feet for all lum
ber sold to the government for ship
building purposes. This is $5 below
the market price.
President Potter, or the Rhode Is
land company, representing tiOlley cai1
service of that state, says the com
pany cannot carry federal and stat?
soldiers free because the company is
now being operated at a loss.
lef 19 Lli-
u na -
Bleaches anv
INSTANTANEOUS m U
- w itfrhtrr in ot? treatment ,
TBI Zd.iZ. riMm wi'Pvui irruiuon.
MAKES SKIN
LILY WHITE
M.irmJ-ss. hrm-ti.'tal.
u-'C Iy wnri -. rttr
n-ni . -hrftfr irven or
fe.ti tv '? Pt-t for amtila
i.J KoKtrt u
jn- of tM
k bain.
LA.
j
McDonalds Marincllo
Phone 305
Shop
this country may be confined chiefly
to school type craft, many of which
ultimately could be turned over to the
allies, thus releasing facilities in Eng
land and France for the exclusive con
struction of machines for use on the
front.
One military authority said today:
"The aviation service will form an
integral part of the Amercan army
and will perform its proper functions.
The value of the airplanes, however,
is not in their capacity for the bomb
throwing, but in their ability to furn
ish eyes for the artillery and infantry
forces. They enable large forces of
artillery and infantry to apply their
full strength at the right time. They
practically are valueless unless they
perform this function."
NEW YORK. June 9 Carlyle Black-
well, whose film wooings have caused
many a maiden's heart to flutter, is
anything, his wife, charges, but the
tender hero depicted on the screen.
Mrs Ruth D. Blackwell is suing her
husband here for separation and is
asking for alimony.
S!ie charges the "movie" star fre
quently beat and reviled her, and she
names a woman described as Miss
Busce and Lizette Valsy, an actress
living at No. 113 West Fifty-seventh
street.
The Blackwells were married in the
city hall on July 8, 1909. She was
then a film actress. They have two
children, Esther, five years, and Carl
yle. Jr., three, both with their mother.
Three months after Esther was
born, Mrs. Blackwell says, her hus
band became attentive to a motion
picture actress and swore when up
braided by Mrs. Blackwell.
"He forbade me to come to his place
of business," she says, "as he did not
want to be seen with me. He treated
me with disrespect, especially before
other women."
A series of cruel and inhuman acts,
she goes on, drove her to the verge
of a nervous breakdown.
"Ho was subject to wild rages;
would grasp me around the throat and
attempt to choke me," she complains.
Once, she avers, her husband beat
her in an auto until passersby inter
vened. A motorcycle policeman, she
says, took them to a police station.
The actor, she asserts, said it was
impossible to concentrate his affec
tions, as he was "the Romeo of the
movies."
Soon after a quarrel in the Hotel
Claridge in November, 1915, he de
serted her, the wife's story runs. He
sent her $110 a week until several
weeks ajo. She says he has boasted
bis salary was $750 a week.
In an interview Blackwell declared
that his wife's charges were baseless
and that he has been a model husband.
He has appealed to the court for the
custody of the children.
"As regards support." be said. "I
have given my wife $7,000 is the last
eleven months."
it
?
i
.
.
" - " "-Well. )
The New York food supply commti-'
tee has 'bought (.000 sheep of best
breed in Oregon to restock New York
farms.
The department of labor registered
10,000 shipwright in three or four
days, when it mobilized labor for build
ing wooden ships, say Secretary of
Labor Wilson. '
" --TT7Y.a IffJWI BSS--niJJBVrTV . .inijUj
The Studebaker Car
A Car of Proved Economy
ECONOMY is measured by value received.
The limn wljo studies and analyzes and
compares us'ialiy gets the most for his
money. Economy means wise buying.
In Deiroit, where thousands of people are
directly connected with the production of auto
mobiles, where people know from daily contact
the organizations producing 80 of all Ameri
can cars, there are more Studebaker cars
registered than any other car selling at over
$.300.
In other words, where automobile materials are
studied and automobile workmanship analyzed
and compared, where practically everyone is
motor-wise, Studebaker cars are bought in
greatest numbers because they are known to be
the best values on the market dollar for dollar
of their prices.
Detroit's judgment of Studebaker Value is vin
dicated by the performance of Studebaker cars
on the roads of America.
In the Far West, on the stage routes of the
Kocky Mountains, on the hardest, hillicst drives
in 1 lie United Stales, Studebaker cars stand up
and give the service at a minimum expense for
I;
up
; : ana rc;airs.
This is proved by the official registration figures
of California, which show that in California
there are more Studebaker car registered than
any other car selling at over $o00.
Although Studebaker cars are probably the
most powerful cars on the market in ratio to
their weight, they are very economical in their
consumption of gasoline.
Their weight is ' so H-rfectly balanced that
Studebaker owners frequently get. from 8,000 to
10,000 miles on a single set of tires.
Their remarkable accessibility reduces adjust
ment and repair expense l a minimum.
For these reasons Studebaker cars are distinctly
economical to operate.
Due to their high quality end mechanical per
fection Studebaker cars" have uniformly high
values in case of a re-sale or trade-in.
For this reason a Studebaker car is very eco
nomical to own.
Therefore, if you want to get the most for ycur
money if you want lo practice true economy
by purchasing wisely, follow the example of
those who know by study, ;u:d by service
rendered buy a Studebaker.
kv.
,- ii
I--
'fir-f y'ii AfoJ
k-.4.WH;f . . . $''!
'I '7ifiiii: . "'j
l:ll.I !J,lslct K
- . .. rai.r l"
1.'. .-. ; c 0
BISBEE AUTO COMPANY
(The Pioneer Garage)
PHONE 5.
Six-Cylinder
MX Koadtter ....
SIX Touring Car ...
SIX Landau Rotdmi , .
MX Touriog Sedan .
bll Coupe . .
CI Litnouin .
All prut t fem
til
I. 'St
KM
, I'M
IMI s
ITI
in3
n im mi
1 , l II, I II
THE mum DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 10, 1917.
$2,000,000,000.00
Delay May
M
ean ir
E
I
0
3
n
ERTY 1
n
Uncle Sam has the best credit in the
word. Mn you end 2m money; you
are lending it to yourself and getting paid
for the privilege.
It is a patriotic duty to buy a Liberty
Bond. It spells an end to autocracy and
the crowning dchievement of democracy.
Every bank in the Warren District and
the great mining companies offer plans for
, acquiring a bond.
ake Bisfoee Proud
f Its Americanism
M
O
V" n PX Fyfl r
1 Zs
maJ 11 -iO jLd .-L3
A
T9
d) To
JQ LAI
FIV
Pfninnh'TrRvy
EW
1 4 SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 10, 1917.
BANNER GOLD MAKING
EXCELLENT PROGRESS
PHOENIX. June 9. II. L. Vaughn,
president of the Banner Gold Mining
and Milling company operating in Sec
ret Pass, reports that the main work
ing shift on the property was now 15
or 20 feet belof the 400-foot level,
where station timbers are this week
being installed.
Lateral work will . be under way
directly to tap the territory above
which rich shipping ore has been ex
tracted in the surface workings. It
is 125 feet from the new station out
under the above proven deposit; then
at a distance of 300 feet along the
same course an intersection of the
Eanner and old Fhceptrail vein sys
tem is supposed to be encountered.
The next few weeks are destined to
be a history-making period in the life
of this promising young mine and im
portant revelations are no doubt in
store for Banner shareholders.
COPPER MEN NAMED
ON DEFENSE COUNCIL
Bernard M. Baruch, chairman of
the advicory commission of the Coun
cil of National Defense, has appoint
ed John D. Ryan of New York, presi
dent of the Anaconda Copper com
pany, as chairman of the sub-comm't-tee
on copper to serve the sub-committee
on raw materials.
Other members of the committee
on copper announced today are Mur
ray Guggenheim, New York; R. L.
Agassiz, president of the Calumet &
Hecla Mining Company, Boston;
Charles MaeNeil, president of the
Utah Copper company, New York;
James McLean, ,'Vice president of
Phelps-Dodge & Company, New York,
and W. O. Clark, president of the
United Verde Copper company, Nev
York.
Desert King Mine
Has Been Optioned
SUPERIOR, Ariz.. June 9. Louis
Lefkovits, the well known Globe-Miami
mining man, closed a deal this
week for a lease with an option to buy
the Desert King group of five claims,
located one-half miles east of Desert
Spur on the Magma Arizona railroad.
This property was located a number
of months ago by John Cowan, one of
the best posted prospectors in the
southwest. Cowan has done consider
able to open development work on the
claims. The vein matter shows for
3.000 feet and is 250 feet in width.
Assays from samples takenv from
across the ledee show 3 to 15 per cent
copper. The vein matter is a great
diabase intrusion.
It is understoon that Mr. Lefkovits
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE TO PAVING CONTRACTORS
Pursuant to a resolution passed,
adopted and approved by the Mayor
and Common Council of the City of
Bisbee, Cochise County, Arizona, pro
viding for the paving and improvement
of that portion of Naco Roat as de
scribed in said resolution, seaied bids
will be received at the office of the
City Clerk up to seven (7) o'clock on
June 20th, 1917, for the paving, grad
ing and draining of that portion of
Naco Road, in the City of Bisbee, as
set out in said resolution, and accord
ing to the plan and specifications now
on file in the office of the City Clerk.1
each bid shall be accompanied by bond,
payable to the order of the Mayor of
the city, for an amount which shall
oe not less than ten (10) per centum
of the aggregate proposal. The suc
cessful bidder to be required to enter
into a cotnract, to be approved by the
Mayor and the Common Council, to
make said improvement, according to
said plans and specifications, at the
prices specified in his said bid, also a
bond for proper maintenance thereon
and holding the City of Bisbee harm
less against any loss or damage, eith
er by virtue of said Improvement, not
withstanding proper travel and usage
or accident or loss from Injury to any
persons employed In the construction
thereof. - The MayOr and the Common
Council reserve the right to reject any
or all bids.
C. A. BAILEY,
Superintendent of Streets.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the tnterior.
U. S. Land Orfice at Phoenix. Arizona,
May 21. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Floy
Wesley Sperow, of Hereford, Arizona,
who, on August 26, 1912, May 9. 1914,
made Homestead Entries. No. 019030,
No. 025072, for SE. 1-4, NE. 1-4. SW.
1-4, Lots 3 and 4, SE. 1-4. NW. 1-4. Sec
tion 1. Township 23 S., Range 21 E., G.
& S. R, B. & Meridian, bas filed no
lice of intention ti make three-year
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before W. A. Fowler,
U. S. Commissioner, at Tombstone.
Arizona, on the 12th day of July, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses: Rob
ert Reay, of Hereford, Arizona; G. J.
McCabe, of Hereford, Arizona; C. V.
Boardman, of Garces. Arizona; C. D.
Lesuer, of Hereford. Arizona.
j. l. raviN.
Register.
First publication June 9, 1917.
Last publication July 12, 1917.
has optioned this property on his own
account, with a view to interesting
Philadelphia capital. It is one of the
best-lpoking prospects in this section
and local experts think it has the ear
marks of a big mine.
Owing to the steady increase 'of
trade between the United States and
the Far East since the war began, Ja
panese interests back of the Bank of
Taiwan, Formosa, will establish an
agency in New York, which will con
fine its operations largely in foreign
exchange.
The Japanese steamer Kirishumazan
Maru, reported more than three weeks
aog sunk by German submarines, has
reached a North Atlantic port with a
$1,000,000 cargo from Calcutta.
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
May 21. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Rob
ert Reay, Jr., of Hereford, Arizona,
who, On November 5. 1913, August 12,
1914. made Homestead Entries No.
023692, No. 025588. for NW. 1-4 and
NE. 1-4, Sections 11 and 10, Township
23 S., Range 21 E., G. & S. R. B. &
Meridian, has filed notice of Intention
to make three-year proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore W. A. Fowler, U. S. Commission
er, at Tombstone, Arizona, on the 12th
day of July, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses: Floy
Wesley Sperow, of Hereford, Arizona;
G. J. McCabe, of Hereford, Arizona;
C. B. Boardman, of Garces, Arizona; C.
D. Lesueur, Of Hereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication June 9. 1917.
Last publication July 12, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
May 28. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Annie
McGowan, formerly Annie Clinton, of
Hereford, Arizona, who, on October 24,
1914, made Hd Entry 025894. for N. E.
1-4, and April 22. 1915. made Addl. En
try 027283, for N. W. 1-4. Section 15,
Township 24 S.. Range 22 E G. & S.
R. & Meridian, has filed notice of in
tention to make three years proof, Vo
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 5th day of July, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses: Mich
ael Foudy, Michael McDonald, William
F. Cowan, all (3) of Bisbee, Arizona;
Frank C. Cobbe, of Herefbrd, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication, June 2, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona, May 21, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Pey
ton C. Andrews, of Hereford, Arizona,
who, on November 18, 1912, made
Homestead Entry No. 019973. for N. E
U. Section 32. Township 23 S., Range
22 E., G. & S. R. B & Meridian, has
filed notice of intention to make three
year proof ,to establish claim to the
and above described, before Jared D.
raylor, U. S. Commissioner, Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 30th day of June, 1917.
Claimant names li witnesses:
Adolph C. Hinters, Charles A. Mar-
In, Frederick J. Murrell. all of Here-
ord, Arizona; Gus Haigler, of Bisbee,
Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication. May 29. 1917.
Last publication, June 30, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona, May 21, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Minnie
M. Mulligan, widow of Thomas Mulli
gan, of Buena. Arizona, who, on June
9. 1914, made Homestead Entry No.
025278. for N. E. Section 13. Town
ship 22 S- Range 20 E., G. & S. R. B.
& Meridian, has filed notice of inten
tion to make three year proof, to estab
lish claim to the land above described.
before Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, on the 29th
day of June, 1917.
Claimant names as -witnesses:
Oliver Fry. Of Ft. Huachuca, Ari
zona; Samuel T. Pyaett of Buena. Ari
zona; Fred W. Patterson, of Buena,
Arizona; Fred C. Cook, of Bisbee, Ari
zona
J. L. IRVIN-
Register.
First publication. May 29.1917.
Last publication, June 30, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office, at Phoenix, Ari
zona. April 30. 1517.
NOTICE is hereby given that Caleb
A. Newman, of Hereford. Arizona,
who, on Feb., 1911, made homestead
itry 013306, for the S. E. M Sec. 35.
T. 22 S- R. 20 E.. and Sept, 1915.
made Add'l Entry. No. 028808. for S.
E. Vi- S. W. U. Section 35. Township
22 S.. Range 20 E G. & S. R. B.
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
tc make five year Proof, to establish
claim to the land above described,
before Jared D. Taylor. U. S. Com
missioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, on the
12th day of June. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Roy A: Newman. James W. Haverty,
Joel P. Steele, JOhn F. Ashworth, all
of Garces, Arizona.
J. L. IRWIN,
Register.
First publication May 8. 1917.
Last publication June 12, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
tone. April 30, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Julia
Salladin Barne3, formerly Julia
Salladin. Of Garces, Arizona, who,
on Oct 10, 1913, made Home
stead Entry. No. 023527. for NW.
Section 25, Township 22 S., Range 20
E., G. & S. R. B. & Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make three year
Proof, to establish claim to tho land
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 11th day of June, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James E. Kelly, of Garces, Arizona;
Belle Kelly, of Garces. Arizona: Per
nel F. Whitmore, of Buena, Arizona;
Alvira Bakeslee, of Buena, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication May 8. 1917.
Last publication June 11, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phosnix, Ari
zona, May 21, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Ed
ward J. Mitchell, of Don Luis, Arizona,
who, on October 9, 1912, made Home
tead Entry NO. 019468, for S. W. ,
Section 30, Township 23 S., Range 24
E., G. & S. R. B. & Meridian, has filed
otice of intention to make three year
roof, to establish claim to the land
bove described, before Jared D. Tay
or, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee, Ari
ona, on the 29th day of June, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James B. Smith, of Warren, Arizona;
Joseph H. Branch, of Don Luis, Ari-
onaj Richard Brandon, of Don Luis,
Arizona; William Eberling. of Naco,
Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication, May 29, 1917.
Last publication. June 30, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona, April 30, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Day
ton L. Graham, Jr., 0 Hereford, Ari
zona, who, on Aug. 14, 1912, made
Homestead entry. 018931, for S. E.
Sec. 35, and Oct 23, 1914, made Addl
entry. No. 025936. for S. W. . Sec
tion 35. Township 23 S.. Range 21 E.,
G. & S R. B. & Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make three year
Proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee.
Arizona, on the 12th day of Jun. 1917.
Claimant names a3 witnesses:
Howard Grube, of Bisbee, Arizona;
Joseph G. McCabe, of Hereford. Ari
zona; Joseph Hammer, of Hereford.
Arizona; Leslie Wilcox, Of Hereford,
Arizona.
j. l. raw.
Register.
First publication May 8. 1917.
Last publication June 12, 1917.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
8. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 333S.
Serial No. 033684.
United States Land Office, Phoenix.
Arizona. April-3. 1917.
Notice is hereby given: That
Charles Clason, whose postoffire ad
dress is Bisbee, Arizona, has made ap
plication for -patent for the. following
named lode mining claim, situated in
the Warren Mining District Cochise
County. Arizona, in Section 8. Town
ship 23 South. Range 24 East G. &
S. R. B. & M, described as follows,
to-wlt:
"Morning Star No. 4."
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the S. E
Corner, whence the cor. between
Sees. 8 and 17. T. 23 S. R. 24 E G. A
S. R. B. & M. bears S. 53 06' W. 1536.9
feet; thence N. 66 30' W 1500 feet
to corner No. 2: thence N. 24 11' E,
537.40 feet to Corner No. 3: thence R
66 30' 1500 feet to Corner No. 4:
thence S. 24 11' W 537.40 feet to
corner No. 1. the plare of beginning,
containing a net area of 6.438 acres,
expressly excluding area in eon fl let
with Survey No. 1387. Al Hassan, of
1.784 acres, with Survey No. 1670.
Contention lode, of 2.073 acres, and
with Survey No. 2133. Morning Star
lode, of 8.209 acres.
The location notices of this claim
are recorded in the County Recorder's
office. Cochise County, Arizona, as fol
lows: Morning Star No. 4. Book 65. Record
of Mines, page 337.
The names of the adjoining claims
to this surrey are: On the North,
Bisbee Townsite. On the East Sur
vey No. 1387. Al Hassan lode and
Webster 'iode. On the South Survey
No. 1670. Contention lode. Survey No
2133. Mo ruing Star lodes. On the
West St' rv-y No. 2133. Morning Star.
Survey N'i. 2674 Morning Star No. 2
lodes.
J. L. IRVIN.
Reelster of the United States Land
Office.
First publication April R. 1917.
Last publication June 14. 1917.
SHERIFF'S NOTICE OF SALL,
No. 1542.
n the Superior Court of the State of
Arizona In and for the County of
Cochise.
. W. McCall. Plaintiff, vs. Henry Out
ley and Florida Outley. Defendants.
Under and by virtue of special exe
ution and decree of foreclosure of
lortgage lien and sale issued out of
he Superior Court of the State of ArJ
ona In and for the County of Cochise
n the 12th day of May. 1917. in the
bove entitled action, wherein S. W.
McCall. the above named plaintiff, ob
tained a judgment and decree of fore
closure of mortgage lien and sale
against Henry Outley and Florida
Outley, defendants, on tlie 8th day of
February ,1917. for the sum of Four
Hundred Sixty-nine and No.-lOO
($4C9) Dollars, with interest from
date of judgment at the rate of ten
per cent per anuum until paid, be
sides all further accruing costs and
interest "I am commanded to sell
that certain real estate particularly
described as follows: Lots No. 15,
16, 17. 18. 19. 20. 21 and 22. in Block
No. ,145, situated in Douglas, County
of Cochise, Territory of Arizona (no
State of Arizona), as bounded and
described upon a map. entitled "Map
of Douglas Townsite by E. G. Howe,
C. E., dated January 12, 1901, as
amended," and filed in the office of
the county recorder of said County
of Cochise, State of Arizona.
Public notice Is hereby given that
on Wednesday, the 20th day of June.
1917. at 2 o'clock P. M. of that day.
in front of the court house door of
th County of Cochise. State of Ari
zona, by will In obedience to said
pecial execution and decree of fore
closure of mortgage lien and sale,
sell the above described property, or
so much thereof as may be necessary
to satisfy said judgment with Inter
est, cost and accruing cost to the
highest and best bidder for cash in
lawful money of the United States.
Dated at Tombstone. Arizona, this
25th day or May, 1917.
HARRY C. WHEELER.
Sheriff.
GUY C. WELCH.
Chief Deputy.
First publication. May 26, 1917.
Last publication. June 20, 1917.
ORDINANCE NO. 216.
AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE
PRODUCTION AND SALE Or
MILK AND ,THE PRODUCTS
THEREOF.
BE IT ORDAINED by the mayor
and Common Council of the City of
Bisbee, as follows:
Section 1. It shall be unlawful for
any person, firm or corporation to
bring or receive into the City of Bis
bee, for sale, or to sell, or deliver, or
offer for sale, or delivery, or to have
in possession for sale or delivery there
in, any milk, cream, buttermilk, skim-
med milk, or ice cream, without first
applying for and receiving a permit
from the Health Officer of the City of j
Bisbee, and subject to the condition:
thereof and in' accordance with the
requirements of this ordinance.
Sec. 2. Every applicant for any
such permit shall file with said Health
Officer a written application which
shall set forth the name and address j sils, in any milk house or milk depot,
of the applicant, the number of j All milk shall, as soon as drawn from
cows owned, if any, the name and, the cow, be taken immediately to the
address of any and all persons, firmsJ milk house and reduced to' a temper
or corporations from wjiieh he is pur-'ature below fifty (.".O") degrees Fah
chasing or obtaining, or from whom he ' renheit, and maintained at such tern-
is intending to purchase or obtain, milk
cream, skimmed milk, buttermilk, or
ice cream, and the number of gallons
of each thereof sold by him daily, as
nearly as he can estimate the same,
and such other requirements as the
Health Officer may deem necessary.
In case of any change in the name
or address of the person, firm or cor
poration from whom the supply of
milk is obtained, notice shall be given
at that time to the Health Officer.
Sec. 3. If it shall appear to the saM
Health Officer upon considering such
application, that tlie statements there
in made are true, and that the applia
cant will carefully observe the pro
visions of this ordinance and the rules
and regulations of the Board of Health,
and upon the payment of the sum of
one dollar by such applicant, it shall '
be the duty of the Health Officer to!
issue to such applicant a permit to
bring or receive into said city for
sale, and therein to sell, or offer for
sale, milk, cream, buttermilk, skim
med milk, or Ice cream: provided,
however, that such permit shall be
granted only on the express condition
that the same may be suspended or
revoked at any time, for cause, Vy the
Board of Health, after a hearing upon
proof to the satisfaction of said Board
of Health of a violation by the holder
thereof, or his servant, employee, or
agent, of any of the provisions of this
ordinance, or any rule or regulation
of the Board of Health relating to the
inspection and sanitary conditions of
dairies, or milk, or violation by such
holder of any law of the state of Ari
zona pertaining to milk; provided,
however, that the Health Officer shall
have the power, and he is hereby au
thorized, to suspend any such permit at
any time when he shall be satisfied
that it would be to the Interest of the
health of the people of the City of
Bisbee so to do.. If any such permit
shall be suspended by the Health
Officer or the Board of Health, it
shall be unlawful during the time of
such suspension for the holder there
of to bring or receive into the City
of Bisbee, for sale and therein to sell,
or offer for sale, or to have in posses
sion for sale, milk, cream, buttermilk,
skimmed milk, or ice cream. All per
mits shall expjre on the first day of
January and July of each year, and
are not transferable.
Sec. 4. For the purpose of enabl
ing the City Health Officer and the
City Board or Health to carry out and
enforce the provisions of this ordin
ance, the City Health Officer, or any
qualified Inspector, or agent, of the
Board of Health, shall at all times
have free access to all barns, stables,
dairies, creameries, stores wagons,
and all other buildings or premises in
which cattle are kept from which any
part or the milk supply or the City of;
Bisbee be obtained, or In which mllk
be received, kept, bottled, canned, or.
offered for sale, tor the purpose or in
specting said premises, cattle, ve-
hides, vessels, cans, measures, andi thnt Is the produced under such con
other utensils used in conducting the! d It Ions that when fresh It could be
production, handling, sale or delivery sold as milk or cream under the stand
of milk, cream, skimmed milk, but- ards prescribed In Oils ordinance and
termilk, butter or ire cream, and for
the purpose of taking for analysis or
other test, to determine the quality
thereof, samples of milk, cream, skim
med milk, buttermilk, butter or ice
cream kept or intended for sale or
other disposition in tlie City of Bis
bee. And all person:? shall, for such pur
poses, allow such free access ns above
specified, and shall allow samples to
be taken by the City Health Officer,
or other person deputed by him. at
any time upon demand: provided,
however, thnt the market price of such
samples shall be offered the dealer In
such above named milk products.
Sec. 5. It shall be unlawful for any
person, firm, or corporation to bring
or receive Into the city of Bisbee for
sale, or to sell, or deliver, or to ofter
for sale, or delivery, or to have in
possession for sale or delivery ther"-
in. any milk, cream, butter milk, or
skimmed milk, produced from cows
that are kept. in any place where the
water, ventilation, food or surround
ings are not wholesome and sufficient
for the preservation of the health and
safe condition of such cows, and the
preservation of the wholesomeness of
the milk, cream, skimmed milk, or
buttermilk produced therefrom.
Sec. 6. It shall be unlawful for any
person, firm or corporation to brins,
or receive, Into the City of Bisbee for
sale, or to sell, or deliver, or to offer
for sale, or delivery, or to have in
possession for sale or delivery there
in, any milk, cream, skimmed milk,
or buttermilk, except that which has
been produced by cows which have
been tested within one year and
found free from tuberculosis. All
such tests shall be made to the satis
faction of the Health Officer, and all
cows found with tuberculosis shall be
Immediately and permanently be ex
cluded from the dairy herd
Sec. 7. All cows shall be milked in
stanchions which shall at all times be
kept in a clean and sanitary condition
and in good repair. Dairy farms shall
be provided with a suitable milk house
In which all milk shall be cooled, kept,
stored, handled and bottled; said milk
house shall at all times be kept clean
and free from flies and vermin, and in
a wholesome and sanitary condition.
and shall not be located within one
hundred feet or any privy vault, ces
pool, stable, pig-sty, chicken coop, or
living room. It shall be unlawful or
any person, or persons, to sleep or
eat in, or to keep, place, or put any
clothing or wearing apparel or any-
thing other than the necessary uten-
perature until delivered to Jhe con-
sumer.
Sec. 8. It shall be unlawful for any
person, firm or corporation to use any
bottle, can, vessel, or other utensil for
the purpose of milking, delivering or
distributing any niHk. cream, skimmed
milk, or butter milk, or ice cream un
less immediately prior to such use
such bottles, can, vessel, or other
utensil shall have been washed clean
in warm water with soda or soap, and
thoroughly sterilized by boiling or
steaming for not less than twenty
minutes by means or an appliance,
or plant used exclusively for that
purpose. Such appliance or plant
shall be open at all times to inspec
tion by the city officials.
Sec. 9. All conveyances used to
deliver, transport, or convey milk,
cream, skimmed milk or buttermilk.
Pimn at no time be used for hauling
slops, garbaee or manure. Said con
veyance shall have the name of the
owner or owners, the name of the
dairy, the number of the permit and
shall distinctly show whether he of
fers for sale milk, cream, skimmed
milk, or buttermilk. All conveyances
shall have a cover of canvas or other
suitable material so arranged as to
protect the contents thereof from dust,
dirt, flies, and the rays of the sun.
Sec. 10. It shall he unlawful for
any person, firm or corporation to use
any bottle or other container in which
milk, cream, skimmed milk, or butter-
milk, has been delivered, as In this!
ordinance specified, for any other pur
pose whatsoever than the use for
which it is delivered by the said owner
of said bottle or other container, and
all such bottles or containers shall
be returned to the said dealer in a
clean and sanitary condition.
Pec. 11. The standard of milk,
cream, skimmed milk, buttermilk, but
ter and ice cream in and for the city
of Bisbee is hereby defined and pre
scribed as follows:
Milk is the fresh, clean lacteal se
cretion obtained by the complete milk
ing of one or more healthy cows
properly fed and kept, excluding such
secretion for a period of fifteen days
befofe calving and for a period of ten
days after calving and containing not
less than 8.5 per cent of milk solids
not fat. and not less than 3.25 per cent
of milk fat and a total of milk solids
of not less than 12.0 per cent.
Cream Is that portion of milk rich
in fat that rises to the surface of
milk on standing, or Is separated from
milk by centrifugal force, is fresh and
clean and contains not less than 20
per cent milk fat. and not less than
8.5 per cent nor more than 9.5 per cent
milk solids not fat.
Skimmed milk is milk from which
all or a portion of the milk Tat has;
been removed nnd which contains notl
less than 8 5 per cent milk solids not,
fat.
Buttermilk Is the product resulting
from the churning of milk or cream
contains not less than 8.0 per cen.
milk solids.
Butter is the clfan, non-rancid pro
duct made by gathering in any man
ner the fat of fresh or ripened cream
or milk into a mass which also con
tains some other milk constituents.,
with or without salt, or added harm
less coloring matter and- contains not
less than 82.0 per cent milk fat.
Ice cream Is defined to be a frozen
product made from cream and sugar,
or cream and milk and sugar, and
shall contain not less than 14.0 per
cent miik fat. It shall not contain any
preservatives, neutralizing agent,
saccharine, renovated or process but
ter, fats, or oils foreign to milk or to
other ingredients allowed. It may
contain wholesome eggs, harmless col
oring matter, flavoring, sound clean
mature fruits and nuts, pastries and ap
proved thickening not to exceed 0.5
per cent. The milk or cream used
shall conform to the standard for bac
teria as prescribed in this ordinance.
Sec. 12. Milk, cream and skimmed
milk shall be graded as follows, and
shall conform to said grade when de
livered to the consumer:
Grade (A). Milk and skimmed milk
not more than 10.000 bacteria. Cream
not more than 50,000 bacteria.
Grade (B). Milk and skimmed milk
not more than' 75.000 bacteria. Cream
not more than 400.000 nacterra.
Grade (C). Milk and skimmed
milk not more than 150.000 bacteria.
Cream not more than l.OOf.OOO bac
teria. Grade to be determined by the
Health Officer.
It shall be unlawful for any person,
firm or corporation to bring or re
ceive into the City of Bisbee for sale,
or to sell, or deliver therein, or to
offer Tor sale or delivery, or to have
in possession for sale or delivery, any
milk, cream, skimmed milk, butter
milk, butter or ice cream that does
not conform to the standard herein
before defined and prescribed there
for. Sec. 13. It shall be unlawful for
any person, firm or corporation to
place any water or foreign substance
of any kind in milk, cream, skimmed
milk, or buttermillT. It shall be unlaw
ful for any person, firm or corporation
to bring, or receive, into the City or
Bisbee for sale, or to sell, or deliver,
or to offer for sale or delivery, or to
have In possession for sale or delivery
therein.-any milk, cream, skimmed
milk,-or buttermilk which has been
adulterated or into which any water
or fcreign substance or any kind shall
have been placed.
Adulteration. when used in this ord
inance, means:
(1) Milk to which has been'added
or introduced any preservative or
other foreign substance whatever.-
(2) Milk which has been diluted
with water or other fluid.
(3) Milk to which has been added
any condensed or evaporated milk, or
condensed or evaported skimmed milk.
(4) Milk drawn from animals
fifteen days before or ten days after
parturition.
(5) Milk drawn from animals fed
on unwholesome food.
(6) Milk containing less than 3.25
per cent milk fat
(7) Milk containing less than 8.5
per cent soh'ds not fat.
(8) Cream containing less than 20
per cent milk fat.
(9) Skimmed milk containing less
than 8.5 per cent solids not 'at.
(10) Buttermilk containing less
than 8.0 per cent solids not fat.
(11) Butter containing less 'than
82.0 per cent milk fat.
(12) Ice cream containing less
than 14.0 per cent milk fat.
Sec. 14
The existence in the city i
of Bisbee or -any adulterated, foul or approval of the Mayor and Common
unclean milk, cream, skimmed milk.j Council, at the second regular meet
buttermilk, butter, or ice cream that! ing of said Common Council in the
does not conform to the standard month of May. 1917, and who shall
herelnberore defined and prescribed j hold his office ror two years and until
thereror. or that is above the temper
ature of fifty degrees Fahrenheit, is
hereby declared to be a nuisance and
the same is hereby ordered to bt
abated accordingly. The Health offi
cer, the employees of the Health office
and all other officers and employees of
the City of Bisbee are hereby author-
ized and required to condemn such
milk, cream, skimmed milk, butter
milk, butter, or ice cream Immediate
ly upon discovering that the same
does not conform to the standards pre
scribed by this ordinance, and de
stroy the same, or to render the same
unfit for human consumption.
Sec. 15. No milk, cream, skimmed
milk or buttermilk, shall be sold, of
fered for sale, delivered, or kept, ex
cept in bottles or approved cartons;
such bottles or cartons shall have a
suitable cap or cover that protects the
mouth of said bottle or carton from
dust, dirt or any foreign substance
whatever. Such cap or cover shall
have printed thereon the name of the
dairy selling, offering for sale, deliver
ing, or keeping said milk, cream,
skimmed milk or buttermilk, and also
the grade of milk therein. It shall be
unlawful for anyone to remove said ,
cap or cover ecept the consumer ot ,
said milk, cream, skimmed nv'lk. or;
buttermilk, and it shall be unlawful to1
fill any bottle or carton at any place
other than the dairy or milk depot.
Sec. 16. It shall be unlawful for
any person, firm, or corporation to sell;
or deliver, or to offer for sale, or de
livery, or to have In possession for
sale or delivery, any skimmed milk
or milk containing less than 3.25 per
cent milk rat, unless every bottle or
carton from or in which such skimmed j
milk Is sold, or held for sale or de
livery is securely sealed across the
top with a seal upon which shall be
printed In black letters, at least one
half inch In height, the words, "Skim
med milk."
Sec. 17. It shall be unlawful for any
person, firm or corporation to use any
bottle, can or other vessel in the
sale, distribution or delivery of any
milk, cream, skimmed milk, buttermilk,
butter or ice cream which shall have
been handled by any person affected
with any contagious, Infectious, or
communicable disease, unless such
bottle, can, or other ves-fl shall have
been cleaned and sterilized as herein
before provided.
Sec. IS. It shall be unlawful for
any person, firm or corporation to
remove from any building in which
any person is ill with any contagious.
Infectious or communicable disease,
or from any dwelling on which there
Is a placard or notice seating or indi
cating that any person therein is ill
with any contagious, infectious or com
municable disease, any bottle, or re
ceptacle which shall have been .used
for milk, cream, skimmed milk, or
buttermilk.
Sec. 19. It shall be unlawful for
any person affected with any contag
ious, infectious, or communicable dis
ease, or who shall have been know
ingly exposed to any such disease
within a period of ten days, to handle,
transport, deliver, mix, work over, or
distribute milk, cream, skimmed milk,
buttermilk, butter or ice cream.
Sec. 20. The provisions of this ord
inance shall not apply to condensed or
evaporated milk or condensed or eva
porated skimmed mil!: that Is steril
ized and contained in hermetically
sealed packages.
Sec. 21. It shall be the duty of
every person, firm or corporation own
ing, conducting carrying on, or operat-'
ing any dairy, milk depot, or any place
where butter, buttermilk or ice cream
is manufactured or made, or any place
where milk, cream, or skimmed milk
is stored, or kept for sale, to post and
to keep posted therein at all times a
copy of this ordinance.
Sec. 22. Any person, firm, or cor-.
poration violating any of the provis
ions of this ordinance shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor and upon con
viction thereof shall be punished by
a fine of not less than Five ($3) Dol
lars, nor more than Three Hundred
($300) Dollars, or by imprisonment in
the city jail lor a period of not more
than three months, or by both such
fine and imprisonment.
Sec. 23. All ordinances, or pars of
ordinances, in conflict with the pro
visions of this ordinance, are hereby
repealed. '
Sec. 24. Tills ordinance shall take
effect and be in full force from an
after the 25th day of June, 1917, and
after the publication and posting, as
by law required.
Passed and adopted by the proper
vote of the Common Council of the
City of Bisbee, and approved by the
Mayor thereof, this 6th day of June,
1917.
JACOB ERICKSON.
Mayor.
ATTEST: M. L. rfUTLER,
City Cleric
ORDINANCE NO. 217.
AN ORDINANCE CREATING THE
OFFICE OF CITY BACTERIOLO
GIST IN THE CITY OF BISBEE.
COCHISE COUNTY, ARIZONA.
AND PRESCRIBING THE QUALI
FICATIONS, DUTIES AND COM
PENSATION OF SAID BACTERIOLOGIST.
BE IT ORDAINED by the Mayer
and Common Council of the City of
Bisbee, as follows:
Section 1. That there is hereby es
tablished and created in said city, the
office of City Bacteriologist, who shall
be appointed by the City Health Offi-
cer of said City, with the consent and
his successor is appointed and quali
fied. Said Bacteriologist may be re
moved at any time by the Health offi
cer by and with the consent and ap
proval of the Mayor and Common
Council for dereliction of duty.
Section 2. Said City Bacteriologist
shall be a physician, but shall not
practice medicine or surgery during
his term or office. He shall have not
less than fivq years experience in
public Health Laboratory work, and
shall at all times perform such work
as is required by the City Health Offi
cer; and before entering upon the
duties of his office, he shall take fha
usual oath of office, and give a bond
to be approved by the jTity Council in
the sum of Five Hundred Dollars, con
ditioned for the faithful performance
or his duties, and shall receive as com
pensation the sum or Seventy-Five Dol
lars per month, payable out or the
treasury of the City of Bisbee. as the
salaries of other officers are paid.
Section 3. Nothing contained in
the foregoing sections of this ordin
ance shall be construed so as to pre
vent the City Bacteriologist from do
ing private Laboratory work, or from
charging fees ror seme. Such rees to
be retained by said City Bacteriologist,
Section 4. All ordinance or parts of
ordinances In conflict herewith are
hereby repealed.
Section 5. This ordinance shall
take effect and be in force from and
after Its passage, approval and publi-
cations as required by law.
Passed and adopted by the Common
Council this 15th day of May, 1917.
JACOB ERICKSON,
Mayor.
Attest:
M. L. BUTLER,
City Clerk.
Approved this 23rd day of May,
1917.
JACOB ERICKSON.
Mayor. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 10, 1917.
SEVEN
A
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under tbss iead at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
sue with a pHnwinTn charr of 26 cents. Advertlsenents mnst reach The
evlew office aot later than o p. -a. for Insertion in the next morning paper.
Wanted
WOMAN wants general house work or
nursing. Apply at No. 920 Cochise.
' 754
WANTED Furnished three or four
room house, preferably in Warren
or on Quality Hill; no children; ref
erences. Address Box 700, Warren,
Arli. 777
SALESMEN Side line men: Do you
want a real one that one order a
day will pay you (9.00? No samples
to carry; something new. Write to
day. Canfield Mfg. Co., 208 Sigel
street, Chicago, I1L 756
SALESMAN For general mercantile
trade in Arizona, to sell a new prop
osition of merit; vacancy rtw; at
tractive commission contract; $35.00
weekly for expenses. Miles F. Bix
ler Co.. Wholesale Jewelers, 723
Carlln Bldg, Cleveland, Ohio. 757
WANTED First-class autto mechanic,
. one familiar with all branches of
the business; married man pre
ferred; only A-l mechanics need ap
ply; good wages to the right man;
all applications confidential. Box
46, Review. 780
WANTED Four or five-room fur
nished house in Warren. Address
Box D. D., Lowell, Aril. 753
WANTED A b-oy, 16 to 19 years of
age, desiring to learn the men's fur
nishing business; small salary to
start. Inquire "The Fair" store. 748
WANTED Gentlemen with good
standing in Bisbee to invest $500 in a i
good paying business that is safe,
sound and reliable. The proposition
is accidentally open and requiring
your services, as well as your money.
No triflers or agents need apply.
Call Room 12, JDhnson Hotel. 747
RESPECTABLE . German-Swiss girl,
29, neat appearance, good cook and
manager, seeks steady ; position with
.well-to-do independent mining man
or rancher (bachelor). Responsible
parties answer only; references ex
changed. Miss Rosa Martin, Gen.
Del., Berkeley, Cal. 766
LARGE manufacturer wants represent
atives to sell shirts, underwear, hos
iery, dresses,, waists, skirts, direct to
homes. . Write for free ' samples.
Madisvm Mills, 503 Broadway, New
York City. 978
FARMS WANTED Wanted to hear
from owner of good farm for sale.
Northwetsern Business Agency,
Minneapolis, Minn. 724
WANTED An intelligent person ma
earn $100 monthly corresponding for
newspapers; $40 to $50 monthly in
spare time; experience unnecessary;
no canvassing; subjects suggested.
Send for particulars. National
Press Bureau, Room 975, Buffalo, N.
Y. 237
WANTED Two clean, furnished
housekeeping rooms, by marrie d cou
ple. Box 1469, Bisbee. 706 .
WANTED Joplin hand-jig-man. F. C.
Goodwin, Seeley's Cigar Store, Low-1
elL 717 '
i
WANTED A cotok and waitress at '
Stag Club. 679
WANTED To know address of Fran-1
Cisco Villasenor Rincon; of impor-'
tance in connection with estate of ,
Enrique C. Villasenor. Address Lee
E. Dean, Box 1132, Bisbee. 618 !
WANTED A competent girl for gen-J
eral housework; no other need apv
ply. Phone 359. 508
i
WANTED Painting and paper hang- i
ing. Ed Bennett, P. O. Box W., Low-
ell. . 423 1
WANTED Plain or fancy sewing, by j
fashionable dressmaker. Men's shirU !
a specialty; work guaranteed. 102 '
Hlggins HilL 904
I
WANTED WOrk. a much needed in-j
dustry. Henry Wilkin, profession
al auto washer and polisher at Lo
well Motor Co prepared to do first'
class work. Phone 738 678'
PETEY DINK They Don't Seem to Work Out in Practice,
'r I . i f . ' ' 1 1
f -u.weu.. f cm i stopped) fTiT f AKiP N , - 5 ) ' iXt ( WMti' -
. VMATJ TmE A SUSPICIOUS Go on! Na0 ATlsC J ... ( Lip ,-QT K TT " WWs
( MATTE. Vim J COOKIMe- I J UoSH, W A 7 nj I XHE GT J-J7 ) I Tiir'1 SA'?ffi
Sap? T J character. 1 " AVh6HI--B .. 1 : ' W Awa bid ) I I DlD- J 'VAW
'
Wanted
YOUNG man, not subject to draft, de
sires position in auto company;
thorough understanding of machines,
experienced bookkeeper. Review,
L. R. 770
For Sale
FOR SALE Large tent on Bowie Hill,
J'jhnson Addition. 755
FOR SALE Restaurant: good loca
tion; good paying proposition. Write
Box 1311. 771
FOR SALE Good paying business; a
snap if taken quick. Write L. L.,
Review. 769
FOR SALE Six-room house and bath,
with large lot, on Vita, In Warren.
Mrs. J. Butler. 708
BUY Amalgamated Oil, $15 buys 1,000
shares; 20 producing wells; many
valuable leases to drill; stock may
, double in price soon. Write for free
' information. Amalgamated Oil Co.,
1103 ColtOrd Bldg., Oklahoma, Okla.
718
FOR SALE 1916 Ford, A-l condition,
demountable rims; four new 30x3 1-2
Diamond tires, including red tubes;
one five passenger Overland motor,
rebuilt and guaranteed A-l. This
car can be bought at a bargain price.
Long Trail Garage, Johnson Add.
680
FOR SALE: A snap, six-cylinder Jef
fery touring car. Call today. Bro
phy Garage & Supply Co. 649
FOR .SALE Two
Great Ray, at 20c.
hundred shares
h'ox 3938, Lowell.
634
FOR SALE) Indian motorcycle, three
speed, seven h. p.; fully equipped;
$150. Phone 6S7. 636
FOR SALE) Rooming house, cheap.
Call Phone 816.
FURNITURE FOR SALE The John
son Addition Furniture Co. wants
to pay yon the highest cash prices
for your second b&nd furniture. AJ
so wants to trade or exchange you
new furniture for your old. We will
sell yon furniture cheaper than
anybody on easy payments. Cali
In at the big brick building at the
Johnson Addition and let ns show
you our large and selected stock oi
house furnlsnlngs, or phone as at
our store. Phone 385, Johnson Ad
dition
FOR SALE Pord $225.
Motor Co. '
Apply E. B.
104
FOR SALE For $500 down, balance
terms, new five-room plastered
house; place for garage; near car
line. W. C, care Review. 715
FOR SALE A truck of 1 1-2-ton ca
pacity in good running order, with
ore dumping body and flat transfer
body. See T. Olsen, Slag Dump Ga
rage. 699
FOR SALE: Winchester repeating
shotgun. 12-gauge; also latest tailor
model Singer sewing machine. Dan
Meyers. Shattuck Bldg. 751
FOR SALE: At a sacrifice, extra fine
farm in southwest Arkansas, the gar
den spot of the world. It will pay
you to investigate this. J. E. Tar
pley, Bisbee, Ariz. 750
FOR SALE Two lots. Tombstone
canyon. W. J. Higgins, opposite Lin
coin school. Box 971. 749
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Two l'joms for light
housekeeping or batching. Apply
George Burdon ,100 School Hill,
above High road. 711
FOR RENT Two furnished ro'jms for
light housekeeping. 110 Youngblood
Hill. 686
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms;
light and wated. 224 Brophy Ave.
687
FOR RENT One furnished room,
Williams stop. Tombstone canyon.
' Mrs. E. H. Smith. 707
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Two rooms, furnished;
gas and lights in. 31 Montana St.,
Johnson Add. 705
FOR RENT Two nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; c'oal and wood!
range, also gas; two porches, private
entrance. 15TB, Temby Ave. dh
FOR RENT Two cool, quiet sleeping
or batchiDg rooms. Custom House.
572
FOR RENT Rooms 75 School HilL
612
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished rooms
$2.00 per week and up. 405
NICELY furnished t'jom for one or
two gentlemen. Henry Maddock,
next to high school. ' 768
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
I'joms. 49 O. K. street. 779
FOR RENT One furnished room and
board for one or two gentlemen. 71
Jiggerville. 778
FOR RENT Two large furnished
rooms for housekeeping or roomers.
Brophy car stop, Prichard house.
Tombstone canyon. 773
FOR RENT Good furnished room.
Wilson, 17, Quality Hill. 774
FOR RENT Two furnished. Inquire
O. K. Caeh Store, O. K. street 776
FOR RENT Rooms, furnished, on
Garden Hill, opposite Lowell school, j
first house across birdge. 775
FOR RENT Rooms, with or without
board. Apply Baily House, rear of
lumber yard. 752
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
light housekeeping; no children. A.
D. Fair. 743
For Rent
FOR RENT Cabin. 176 Naco road,
Holbrook stop. 710
FOR RENT Four-room furnished
house; close in. See W. L. Moore at
Arizona Grocery. 716
FOR RENT Four-room house, partly
furnished. 207 A High road. School
Hill. P. J. McCuilough. 713
FOR RENT Three-room house, fur
nished: large chicken yard and fruit
trees. Inquire Miller Hill, back of I
water tank. 698
FOR RENT Eight-room house, fur
nished: all modern conveniences.
First yeli'ow house across from de-1
pot. 56 Upper Lowell. 6C4
i
FOR RENT Four-room house and fur-1
niture for sale. O. E. Franklin, Ba-1
kerville. 675,'
Miscellaneous
COX CO. loans $5 to $50 without se
curity to men or women in perma
nent positions. Nt honest wage
earner refused, easiest weekly or
monthly payments, cheapest rates,
also loans on furniture, pianos, etc.
Confidential, quick service. See us
If you need money. New Lyric
Theatre Bldg., Room 2, Phone 794.
821
550,000 to loan on Improved city prop
erty or for building, on easy terms
of payment. T. A. Hughes, over
Bank of Bisbee. 697
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for all
kinds of work in our line. Pat Clea
ry, manager Box 1495. Phone 720.
1ISBEE Mattress Upholstering Works
Johuson Addition. We make new
mattresses; old ones made over as
god as new; old mattress called for
and delivered same day. We also
make the roll feather niattress. We
do upholstering and furniture repair
ing; free delivery. Phone 734. 7
The Blackburn Studio of dress cut
ting, designing and making is now
located Room 4, Maze Bldg., where
everything concerning the art ol
good dressing is taught by Mis.'
Grant. 66!
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
MUSICIAN
Conservatory Graduate, would like
few more nnnils. First month. 50
(lesson. Write Box 779. 31
However
J MAN WHO CLEANED UP CANAL ZONE WILL"
BE SURGEON GENERAL OF BIG NEW ARMY
.
m i fey M
Major Gen. William C Gorgas.
The country is fortunate at a time like this to have as su-reari percrril
f the army Major Gen. William C. Gorgas, the man who craned j;i the.
'E.r.ama canal zone and made it habitable for Gen. Georpe W. Goctha'.s ano
il associates and the bijr force of men who constructed the Panama cpra!
.Vhen the new army ia ready next spring General Gorpas wiil have undtr
.vrh 10,000 surgebns.OOO dentists and 2,000 veterinarians.
Y.l C. JL
3 LETTER
(Continued from Page Three.)
tents up now and their camp is in fine
fine condition and each boy has start
ed to do his "bit" for Uncle Sam.
UUI . W7 IU1 ruvun tuc a v in o
work on thefr patch of land and after is working both day and flight in order
lunch they will participate in athletic I to save up enough money to buy him
work such as baseball, tennis and self a little Ford, with which he in
work such as baseball, tennis and
once a week all the boys will partic
ipate in a great field and track meet.
The boys have one of the best cook3
.in the country in their camp. They
all say that he sure knows his busi
ness,
Sunday is visitors day and all vis-,
itors ar einvited to come to see the
boys at the camp which is south of ;
Warren Ranch.
The boys who are at the camp are '
Joe Caretto. Buster Davis. Milton !
Wynn. Carl Freeman. Sanford Rat
tery. Arnold Hill, Elmo Haggard.
Frank Harris. George Brown, Mark
Medigovich, Isidore Jacobs, Walter
Hodeson. Marshall Hodgson, Chauncy
Mitchell. Elmer Border. Verlin Mar
shall. Chas. Marshall, Eddie Sanberg.
Riymond Brodie. Jerry Tong and Wm.
Gleister.
The boys will be in camp for two
weeks and all boys wishing to go
with the next bunch of -boys,-which
will lpave when the first bunch returns
Boy Scouts
ThV boy Scouts returned from their
camping trip at Lewis Springs Wed-
LOST
LOST A coat with watch end chain,
between Miller's canyon and Here
ford. Return to E. B. Wallace's
cisar stand and receive reward. 772
LOST Pair glasses in Phelps Dodge
rest room; reward if returned to Re
view. 763
LOST Small black purse on street
car, near C. & A. Hospital; Owner
knows party receiving same as be.
loning to them; no questions will
be asked if purse is returned to Rr
view. 764
nesday. AH report of having had a
fine time.
Vincent Spaulding returned from the
Scout Camp before the rest on ac
count of home-sickness.
Albert Sutcliff and Arthur Ojeda re
turned very tanned and brag about
their every morning dips before
breakfast.
Local Briefs.
Elmer Hoesch is mining. He is
working a lease of his own. Hoesch
tends to take all of his girl friends
tiding. '
Douglas Campbell, John McKean,
Arnold Baldwin, Ljle Herrick and
Louis Vassalia, all members of the
toys' department, are working at the
Junction
Arthur Peterson, one of the depart-
ment's live wires, is now working as
carpenter helper for the Copper Queen
company. .
Tom Wallace a boys department'
nipml.pr nnrl a prntuntc ff hinh I
,,hi in ,h r .17 i
at the Copper Queen general office.
Alfred Truscott is working at the C.
& A. general office. Truscott is an
ex-boy's assistant secretary.
Edwin Baldwin, another graduate
is a pipe-fitter's helped at the C. & A.
Mining Co.
George Rafferty is an oiler at the
Denn mine.
Vivian Muirhead, who was among
the seven boys who graduate, is wort
ing at the Bisbee Auto Co.
Clark Richardson who makes great
use of the telephone is in the collect
ing department of Wootten's Plumbing
Co.
Every boy in the Warren District
should join Ihe Boy's Department and
get in line with th other boys who
have such good times in the gym and
in the swimming pool.
The boys who joined the Hoys' De
partment during the last week are:
Elmer Border, Richard Qpeda, John
Erownlie, Leonard Wasley, and Tom
Corkish.
Armour Ac Co. have purchased an en
tire block in New York's lower west
side shipping district, and will erect
large fcod distributing branch.
... Lodge Notices ...
WEEK ENDING JUNE 16, 1917.
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Chapter. Regular.
Friday First Degree.
Saturday
BLEDSOE, W. M.
B. T. VATKINS. Secy. F. ft
M.
A. M. COLWELL, E. H. P.
J. F. PHILBROOK, T. L M.
J. H. FRY, E. C.
F S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chapter
and Commandery.
W. R, BANKS. Secretary Council.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Ldge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' HaU at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
-ordially invited.
EARL SOBL
J. C. k
C. C.
.iGBAUM, K. of R, S.
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Monday
of each month at
7:30 at Odd Fet
lows' Hall. Vlit
I ing members cordially invited.
! PHIL. DAVIS, President.
I MRS. C. E. FINOTTI, Treasurer.
I Box 722, Tel. 236, Red.
I KATHERINE SALHOLM. Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
leets every Friday night. Moose HalL
isiting brothers cordially invited.
V. R. TONKIN, Dictator.
KAY KOSS, Secretary.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third FtV
Jay of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially Invited to attend,
a E. WARNER, Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY, Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS. '
Meets in Medigovicb
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month
Visiting brothers wei
come.
jr.
J.
C. UKN'TOX, Councillor.
L. BENTON. Recording Secretary
Pny has taken. $1,000,000 of the Lib-,
erty Loan and has established a plan j
tor aiding its 10.000 employes i sub- j
scribe.
STOMACH
'55
'or
'Call stones. Cancer ana tlcers of the
Stomach and Intestines, Auto-Intoxl-cation.
Yellow Jaundice, Appendicitis
and other fatal ailments result from
stomach Trouble. Thousands of
Stomach Sufferers owe their complete
recovery to Mayrs Wonderful Rem
edy. Unlike any other for Stomach
Vilments. For sale by Bisbee Drug
Co., Ixwel! Drug Co.. Lowell, Arizona,
ind all other reliable druggists.
j STaB?a A Sn of Danger !
:J j Dandruff and live hairs cant come
S together without T R O U B L E
'iyiHERPICIDLy
Pl I i2 v-xA kills Dandruff Germ.
Application at the better barber ahopa '
Guaranteed by Tb Herpicide Ca
8oU ETCrrwbera
I
7
N. C.
1 1 WW I
mm
1 yp
LOYAL. ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 210.
Meets In L O.
O. F. Hall sec
'ond and fourth
SATURDAY
at 7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
era cordially
invited to at
tend. GEO. SLEEMAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary.
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Blsbe Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows Hall.
R. L. MOTZ, ConsuL
H. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
BISBEE LODGE, No. .10, I. O. O. F.
Meets every
WEDNESDAY
7 evening at Odd
-A Fellow Hall.
Main street at 7:00 p. m. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone lis.
CARL V. NELSON. N. O.
G. A. PLUNKETT. Secretary.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic HaU
Pearl Chapter, No. (, meets
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS, W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box 841, Bisbe.
MRS JESSE BEVAN. Sec'y. P. O. Boa
2299, Chairman Relief Com. Phone 16L
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy Hall.
J. L. WINTERS. C. C
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
Ail woodmen Invited.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
A
Meets first and third
Sj5I Thnrsdava at 7: SO n m.
?!k in Medigovich HalL AU
visiting &d Men invited
to attend.
Wm. DELBRIDGE, Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Medicine Man.
F. C. FENDERSON. C of R.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie. No. 175. F. O. EL, meets
first and third MONDAYS. 8. p. m.
Eagles HalL Visitors cordially wel
come. RICHARD DAVIS, President
M. D. COHEN. Aerie Physician,
BISBEE CO. NO. 5. U. R. K. OF P.
Drill Practice every Thursday at
6:30 p. m. at I. O. O. F. Hall, side
arms, uniforms optional.
H. G. APPLIN. Captain.
WILLIAM DELBRIDGE. Rictrdie.
KNIGHTS A LADIES OF SECURITY.
BISBEE COUNCIL, NO. 2115.
Meets every Thursday at Union
.all 8 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially Invited. C. A. Clem. Pres,
Box 1023 Bisbee.
Frederick J. Attaway, Sec, Lowell.
E. Linquist, financier, box 33246, Low.
elU
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets in Medigovich Hall 2nd and
4th Fridays of each month.
HATTIE A. LUKE, Guardian.
PAULINE F. BROWN, Clerk.
P. O. Box 62L
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple. No. 3, meets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows' Halt Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
ANNA HART. M. E. C.
JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. C
We are paying good prices
for hides.
ARIZONA JUNK CO.
Lowell, Arizona.
DR. W. A. KINGSLEY (Oculist)
Specialist
EYE. EAR. NOSE and THROAT.
Several years' experience in Lon
don, Berlin. Paris. Vienna. Deco
rated by King of Roumania in 1913.
Office, 122 N. Stone Avenue.
Night Phone 507-J.
Eyes Kitted For Glasses
Tucson, ... Arizona.
By C A. VOIGH7 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 10, 1917.
f
THE SEASON'S MOST CHARMING CREATIONS IN SUMMER WASH CLOTHES AND MATERIALS
EIGHT.
" Summer Wash Frocks
At $7.50 to $30
Many lovely Wash Dresses in Voiles, Organdies,
Lawn, French Gingham and Cotton Crepe in, Plaids,
Stripes and Embroidered Voiles, trimmed with large col
lars, fancy buttons. Lace, Net and Sashes.
Lovely Net Wash Frocks
Wash Net and Marquisette Dresses in cream and
white. An unusual assortment of styles,, many of them
adorned with narrow laces and touches of color in ap
plique, pome are lined with dainty net in shad effect with
mtvsaJine sashes, at
$7.50 to $45
Cotton Wash Dresses
Priced at $6.00 to $10
Attractive new models of Cotton Crepe, Printed
. Rammey Linen, and Mercerized Tussah in Stripes,
checks and sun dots.
; Colored Lawn Dresses
At $3.25 to $5.50
Wonderfully lovely Lawn Dresses in stripes,
figures and plaids.
Billie Burke Wash Dresses
5 Priced at $2.75 and $2.95
Beautiful white" Galatea and gingham dresses-in
misses sizes from 1 4 to 18 years. Galatea trimmed with
blazer stripes in red, blue, pink, etc. Gingham trimmed
in solid colors.
Sale of One Hundred
WASH DRESSES
At $1.50, $2.95 and $3.95
:m vm ill
THE RESULT OF A GREAT SPECIAL PUR
CHASE! An ensemble of distinguished modes in wash
skirts that would ordinarily sell up to $7.50, made of
fine Cotton Gaberdine, Wash Cotton Corduroy, Pique,
Rammey Linen, Cotton Repp and a number of fancy
white cotton materials, also white. with large colored
sun dots, wide stripes and large checks and figures.
These skirts were bought as a Special purchase and are
not from our regular stock.
mm imiwHmm
is.m
J to lsTT
BEAUTIFUL NEW SHOWING OF
KARE-FREE HY-LASS VEILS
A veil makes the fairest face seem Hirer and gives a fashionable touch to the
summer costume. The exquisite beauty of Kare-Free Veils has won the high favor
with discriminating women for sports wea r, for summer wear, in all the wanted shades
and combinations with contrasting borders. Priced at $1.50.
Madeira EmWderyl Linen Luncheon Sets
Beautiful 13 piece Luncheon Sets
priced from $6.50 up to $25.00.
Luncheon and Tea Napkins, all very
carefully made, priced at $7.50 up to
$13.50.
Doylies and Tray Cloths, price rang
ing from 25c up to $2.50.
Lovely showing of Luncheon Cloths
and center pieces priced at $2.50 up to
$18.00.
Silver Ware For June Wedding Gifts
We ha
1 'ft "
lave one or
the largest lines of
Silver Ware,' suit
able for Wedding
Presents that has
been carried by
this store in its his
tory.
LIT
What better sug
gestion for a wed
ding gift than a sel
ection of silver
ware of a well
known ware that
has a reputation
back of it for gen-erations.
FOR HER WEDDING DAY You choose the very best because you want
the gift treasured during the years to come. Nothing will quite fulfill these condi
tions as well as silver. Choosing is not such a difficult task when there are so many
pretty things as there are here.
Included are many beautiful items such as Bon Bon Dishes, Sandwich Trays,
Fruit Bowls, Tea Sets, Knives and Forks, Boullion Spoons, Soup Spoons, Grape
Fruit Spoons, etc.
Articles that will wear for years and be a pleasant reminder of the giver.
HEN'S SUMMER SHOirjFASHIONS-OXFORDS
Styles for the young chap with all the "Sna p and Go" that can be put into them, while for the;
more conservative dressers of course we have other lasts with just as many good features. Every
pair is built for service and comfort.
MEN'S WHITE CAN
VAS OXFORDS with leather
sole and heel, priced at $2.00
to $3.50.
White Reighnskin, Fibre
Sole Men's Oxford, priced at
$3.50 to $5.00.
Men's Oxfords in all the
latest styles and lasts, Kid,
Tan, Mahogany, Gun Metal
and Velour Calf, and each pair
is sold to fit and give perfect
satisfaction. Priced from
$4.00 to $7.50.
Men's White Buck Oxfords
with Fibre Sole, Hand Made at $7.50.
Appearance is only half the bat
tle. Quality, fit and personal satis
faction in wearing smart footwear
complete the general attractiveness of
men who dress correctly.
Children's White Dresses
At $3.95 up to $15
Childrens summer wash dresses of
Voiles, Embroidered Organdies and wash
Nets. Shown in a remarkable selection of
models in which choosing will be the
easiest thing in the world for they are one
and all Dresses of superlative beauty and
insistant charm, with French waist line,
Peplum and Empire effect and Ribbon
sashes.
Children's Lawn Dresses
A beautiful assortment of children's
white Lawn Dresses; some priced as low
as $1.19.
Children's Lingerie
Hats and Caps 35c to $1.95
Children's Lingerie Hats and Caps
for littlest girls made of Fancy Or
gandies. All-over Embroidery and wash Chiffon
trimmed with Dainty Ribbon Flowers.
Notable Reduction in
Summer Wash Goods
SPECIAL FOR MONDAY AND TUESDAY
At the height of the Wash Goods Season just at the
time you are most interested, we offer three desirable
lines of wash materials at a greatly reduced price.
WOVEN STRIPE AND PRINTED VOILES
The season's newest patterns and colors. 36 and 3fct
inches wide, a regular 35c value.
Special at the yard 27c
THE LOVELY NEW VOILES AND CREPES
Our regular 59c and 65c values, 36 to 40 inches wide.
Special at the yard 47c
SPORT PATTERNS IN WASH SKIRTING
Sport patterns and broad checks and plaids; our regular
65c seller, 36 inches wide.
Special at the yard 50c
White Wash Sites
A SKIRT OF WHITE SILK There is nothing
better looking or more serviceable, or with better style
for summer; a remarkably complete line, ranging in
price from $1.75 to $3.50 the yard.
Scotch Ginghams 25c Yard
Ivanhoe 32 inch Ginghams in neat stripes, attrac
tive plaids and plain colors. Ginghams are very popular
this season, the better grades being used for simple aft
ernoon dresses.
mm u
Flags
The Flag
Famine
Is Oyer
FAST COLOR
BUNTING
FLAGS IN
ALL SIZES
AND '
PRICES
New Lingerie Blouses
A very interesting collection of Blouses, all fresh,
crisp and new, recent models that will see their best
season of wear through the summer. Included are Em
broidered Voiles, and Organdies. Trimmed with filet
and fine Val Laces, hand ebmroidered, fine tucks and
cluster tucks, exceptional values at
$1.25 Bp tO $7.50
Big Redaction on
Pattern Hats
This collection of millinery is by far the most re
markable we have ever shown at such prices. A con
tinuous stream of new conceptions in shapes and color
blendings.