?-
.MARKETS
on
WEATHER.
ARIZONA General
ly fair; not much
change in temperature
mm
NEW YORK CITV
Average Drice of cop
per for week ending
March 14, 31.875.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 19. NO. 243.
BISBEE, ARIZONA.SUND AY MORNING, MARCH 18, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
11
1 15 GEM
I J - . ''911 .
MI'S
I
I
B I MANAGERS REPORTED
TO Hi
r n
PRESIDENT IS HOPEFUL
News of 48 Hours Truce to Complete Agreement Reaches
Far Off Trainmen After They Had Struck But All Re
turn To Work. Supreme Court Decision Is Expected
By Monday and R. R. Minagers To Abide by It
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, March 17. After
a forty eight hour truce between
the four railroad brotherhood and
the railroads had been declared
here late today, thuc averting the
great "progressive" strike that
was to have begun at seven
o'clock tonight, W. G. Lee, chief
of the trainmen and spokesman
for the brotherhood chiefs, as
serted that he believed an amica
ble settlement of all the differ
ences would be reached by Mon
day. MEDIATORS SUCCESSFUL.
This was taken to mean that
the efforts of the President's com
mittee of mediators, representing
the council of national defense
not only had been successful in
halting the strike tonight, but
that with the resumption of con
ferences tomorrow and Monday
the whole situa-.:on probably
would be cleared and the country
again assured of normal trans-
"portation conditions.
Strikers Return.,
Mr. Lee's reassuring statement came
after he was informed that many
members Of the four brotherhoods in
Ohio, West Virginia, Pennsylvania and
Illinois, failing to receive word ot
the strike postponement, actually had
quit work tonight He said he was
not surprised at this, inasmuch as
there was so little time less than
three hours in which to communi
cate with the men.
"That should be sufficient proof of
the fact that we were not talking
idly when we said all Our members
would obey the strike order," said Mr
Lee. "We knew they would every
one of them."
It was agreed with the railroads, he
said, that in the event of the men
failing to receive word of the change
in the situation and going on strik',
the railroads should not attempt to
discipline thenuin any way. Mr. Lee
said he was "confident the misunder-j
standing would be straightened out
before midnight tonight, and that
those who had left their places would '
have returned to work by that time. '
Task for Yeomen. j
The decision late today to post-!
pone the strike for 48 hours was i
reached only after three of the I'resi-'
dent's mediators Secretary Of the
Interior Lane, Secretary of Labor Wil
son, and Daniel Willard. had labored
almost incessantly since early last
night with the four brotherhood chiefs
and the conference committee of rail
road managers.
Gompers Too Late.
Samuel Gompers, president Of the
American Federation of Labor, who
also was appointed a mediator, did -not
arrive in this city until tonight, !
explaining that he had been at Atlantic
City and did not learn that his pres-i
(Dy Review
PARIS, Mar. 17. The French cabi
net, headed by Premier Briand, has
resigned.
An official note given out after the
cabinet meeting says:
"The council of ministers met to
night (Saturday) at Elysee Palace.
The premier reported on various con
sultations he had with a view to com
pleting the cabinet so it could present
Itself to the chamber of deputies. Af
ter hearing him, the cabinet decided
that circumstances compelled it to
leave to the president of the republic
complete liberty to interpret the sit
uation in the best interests of nation
al defense. Consequently, the presi
dent of the council put into the hands
of the president of the republic tb
resignations of the cabinet."
FRENCH CABINET
FACE OF PARLIAMENT'S FIRE
nunrn nn
G
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, March .17.
President Wilson Tonight tele
graphed the representatives of the
railroads and their employes meet
ing in New York, expressing
pleasure over the agreement to
postpone the threatened nation
wide strike until Monday and
earnestly urged further confer
ences to draw the two sides closer
together.
The President's message follows:
. "I am exceedingly ylad that the
conference has been reopened and
that the prospect of a settlement
looks brighter.
"I hope most earnestly for the sake
of all concerned and most of all lor
the sake of the nation that the two
I Darties will continue to draw closer
! together, and that a little further con-
ference will lead to the result me en
tire country hopes for and expects."
j The President sent his new appeal
after he had received word from Sec
! retary Lane that , the negotiations
j would be continued tomorrow. Mr.
j Lane did not go into detail but he
held out hopes of a satisfactory set
tlement. ence was desired here until this after
noon. Agreement Sketched. 1
While it was generally understood
that a tentative agreement had been
reached, all who participated in the
conference maintained silence until
Mr. Lee made his statement tonight
The head of the trainmen's brother
hood intimated that concession had
been made by the railroads and they
probably would be acceptable to the
employes. He declined to outline
these, simply saying: i
-I believe that by Monday we shall
reach an agreement which will avert
a strike."
Three Issues Met.
'From other sources regarded as
authoritative, it was learned, how
ever, that three important con
siderations entered into the nego
tiations. These were:
Pressure of public opinion
against the strike.
The possibility of a decision
Monday by the Supreme Court on
the Adatnson law.
The proposal that the railroads
accept the brotherhood's Inter
pretation of the law in the event
of its being upheld.
Expect Decision Monday.
Mr. Lee admitted that the possibil
ity of a decision by the supreme
court on Monday had been discussed
as well as the interpretation to be
placed on the law by both sides to
the controversy in the event of its be
ing declared constitutional.
Details Only Lacking.
It was learned that the question
uppermost for consideration tomorrow
(Continued on Page Five..
RESIGNS III
Leased Wire.)
The Briand ministry had been at
tacked in the French parliament re
peatedly during the last few weeks
for its economic policy. It succeeded
the Vivianl cabinet in October, 1915,
and was reorganized last December 12
when the number of ministerial port
folios was decreased and a war coun
cil appointed. The war council in
cluded Premier Briand, M. Ribot, min
ister of finance; General Lyautey,
minister of war; Rear Admiral I.a
caze, minister of marine, and M. ThoJ
I mas, minister of national manufac
tures. AttackB by the opposition in parlia
ment resulted on Wednesday In the
sudden resignation of General Lyau
tey as minister of war.
bnn tu v
GERMANS FALL BA
WANT EASTERN GUARDS
ON WAR FOOTING.
i PHILADELPHIA. March 17.
Resolutions culling upon the war
department to put the national
guard organizations of New York,.
New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland
and Pennsylvania on a war foot-
i ing by providing them with
i adequate supplies and equipment
j and calling for state inventories
of resources available in the
( event of military necessity, were
1 adopted at a conference hero to-
day of the governors of these
states. Copies of the resolutions
were sent to President Wilion.
IS SEVERELY
i
Gross Irregularities, Including
Drunkenness, Are Charged
Members of Board in Pre
cinct No. 1, Douglas.
EVIDENCE SENSATIONAL
FROM POLLING PLACE
Alleged Confession of H. H.
Hart, in Which He Involves
Ail Pearson Introduced by
Campbell Attorneys.
Fourteen witnesses, subpoenaed
from Douglas. Cochise county, by at
torneys for Gov. Campbell, invaded
the superior court room this morning
were sworn in and the battle to throw
out Douglas No. 1 was begun in ear
nest, says the Cazelte of Thursday,
That at least one of the election
board was under the influence of lil-'
uor; that frequent recesses were tak-1
en during the canvass of the returns,
and that the election board was com-1
posed entirely of democrats, some of
whom were betting heavily on Gov.
Hunt, appeared in the testimony that
was brought out during the examina
tion of the three witnesses who took
! the stand during the gubernatorial
j contest in Judge Stanford's court this :
' morning. , I
The alleged confession of IT. II. '
Hart, judge of the election board, in '
which he is said to have admitted that ;
he and others of the board changed '
ballots from Campbell to Hunt, was j
' related by Assistant County Attorney '
Eruce Stevenson of Cochise county.
Hart was to be the first and chief wit-
ness of the contestee, but at the open
ing of the court a telegram was read
from that individual stating that he j
was ill and unable to attend the pro-!
ceedings. j
I Sensational disclosures of alleged
fraudulent canvassing and Irregular!
ties on the part of the election board
were revealed by the witness through- j
.(Continued on Page three) I
American Press To
t r
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, March 17. After a
conference today between Secretary
Daniels and representatives of the
leading American press associations,
the government began preparation of
definite regulations to guide the press
in voluntary suppression of informa
tion which might be of value to an
enemy.
i Press Want to Aid.
The press associations have as
sured Secretary Daniels of their de
sire to cooperate, and in the absence
of authority for imposing a legal cen
I worship will be bound by the govern
' input's request. Before the regula
tions are approved they will be sub
mitted both to the associations and to
managing editors of newspapers.
Mr. Daniels informed the press gen
erally that his recent request that
movements of American merchant
ships bo withheld from publication,
did not mean that arrivals of such
ships in American or European porta
ELECTION BOARD
IN DOUGLAS
I
1,200
SLAIN
AS ROSALIA
FALLS 10
General Murguia Is Decisively
Crushed, Losing - Six Can
non, 15 Machine Guns and
Vast Other Stores. ,
VILLA EXECUTES TWO 1
GERMANS AT PARRAL
Jimenez Also Is In Bandit's
Hands. Defactos Rally and
Will Resist Bandit March
On Chihuahua City.
(By Review Leased Wire)
EL PASO, March 17-GeneraI
Murguia lost approximately 1,200
men in killed, wounded and miss
ing at the battle of Rosario, ac
cording to a foreign refugee who
arrived here tonight from Chihua
hua City. Murguuv also lost six
cannon, fifteen machine guns and
large quantities of stores and am
munition, according to this man.
VILLA SLAYS GERMANS.
He also reported that when
Villa entered Parrai Tuesday he
ordered two Germans and seven
Syrians executed' on charges of
aiding the government troops.
MORE TOWNS FALL.
This foreigner also confirmed
the capture of Jimenez and Santa
Rosalia.
New Battle Awaited.
Reports received from Chihuahua
City from unofficial sources said Gen
eral Murguia had prepared a flying
squadron of two thousand cavalry and
infantry and was proceeding south
against the rebels with the possibility
of a battle in the vicinity of Bachimba
canyon, between Chihuahua City and
Santa Rosalia.
Trains Paralized.
Freight and express shipments for
Chihuahua City were refused in Jua
rez today, the reason being that all
equipment was needed for troop move
ments. But the recent activities of
rebel bands In the vicinity of the state
capital are thought to have been re
sponsible for the embargo.
Carranza Officials here said General
Joaquin Amaro, the new military com
mander in the state of Durango, had
started a movement northward against
Villa and would cooperate with Mur
guia. who was advancing from the
south toward Parrai, where Villa is
said to have established his military
headquarters.
The Yaqui Indians, in command of
General Guillermo Chavez, have pro
ceeded .sOuth from Chihuahua City to
act as advance guard for the reor
ganized forces of General Murguia. I
Impose Voluntary Censorship On
i . i . w r .. ft
JVeics ueemea Likely to uiue information to Lnemy
should not be reported.
" Such arrivals," the secretary said,
" could not easily afford any informa
tion that might jeopardize life, and
such news would be of the deepest
interest to the public and should be
published."
! To Announce Sinkings.
Mr. Daniels also gave assurances
j that no effort would be made to sup
i press the news if American ships
i should be sunk.
I "If there should be any disaster, of
course, the information would be fur
j nished," he said, "and it would be ex
: pected that the papers would print
, the facts."
j The department's statement regard
ing the conference follows:
"The representatives of the press
associations stated that they would
; willingly and gladly and voluntarily
subject themselves without law to the
samp censorship which might be im
posed by law. Tbey desired to be In
formed of the wishes of the gVrvern-
ARMY COULD HANDLE
TRAINS IN DEMOBILIZING. j
SAN ANTONIO, March 17. ;
Plans maiie by the southern de- !
partmcnt for the homeward !
movement of national guardsmen j
do not contemplate any Interrup- '
!ion in the event of a strike. A '
canvass has developed that there '
are a sufficient number of train- j
men among the regular army men ,
to operate all trains necessary to
move the guardsmen. Southern
department officials do not con- j
template such a step will be j
necessary- they have made
provision for it and will use the
regulars if needed.
, v? 3
CARRAHZA TAKES
DESPITE
II. S.
Replies to U. S. Refusal to Cut
Off Shipments To Allies,
and Tries To AKgn Latin
Fowers With Him.
(By Review Leased Wire)
MEXICO CITY, Mar. IT. In an
swer to the reply of thu United States
to the Mexican note which proponed
that the neutral nations unite to
bring about peace in Europe, as an
alternative, place an embargo on ship
ments to belligerent countries the
Mexican government issued an abso
lute declaration of neutrality tonight,
asserting in definite terms that Mexi
co intends to devote its efforts to
keeping any country on this continent
from taking part in the European war
Latin Alliance? j
The Mexican statement also
sets forth that It will continue its
efforts with neutral countries with
the object of securing European
peace.
The Mexican communication fol
lows: "In view of the answer of the Unit
ed States to the. note which the first
chief directed to the governments of
the neutral countries in favor of
peace, the government of Mexico
proposes to cooperate with its efforts
to avoid that any of the countries of
this continent take pare' in the Euro
pean conflict and will continu elts ef
forts with neutral countries with the
object of securiog European peace."
Fletcher Gets Active j
The American ambassador Henry i
P. Fletcher, called at the foreign office
tonight to discuss the Mexican an-1
Hwer which was shown to him then.
Candido Aguilar, the foreign minister, '
had a conference with Ambassador
Fletcher at the embassy late last
night. He refused to make any state
tnent and the American ambassador ,
was equally reticent.
U. & Note Made Public
The American note was made pub-;
(Continued on Page 3)
ment so that there would be no doubt
of the character of the news which
ought not to be printed.
Rules Are Shaping.
"It was decided that Major McAr
thur of the war department. Com
'mander Belknap of the navy depart
! ment, and a representative of the
state department would draw up tenta
tive rules and regulations Of censor
bhip and when completed they would
. be submitted to the representatives of
the news associations and managing
editors for consideration and criticism.
After the exchange of views the rules
, and regulations will be passed upon
j and promulgated by the three depart
ments which are charged with Interna
, tional and military duties."
Major McArthur and Commander
Belknap, who will represent the war
and navy departments respectively in
forming the regulations have been act
ing as censors in the departments in
advising the secretaries what military
information should be made ptibllc.
CK 25
BRITISH
ADVANCE
16 MILE FRONT ON 50MME
FRENCH REGAIN TINS
;On Meuse French Recapture Important Towns Held Two
Years by Teutons Over 15 Mile Strip. Bapaume Falls
1 to British and Half Dozen Villages. Allies Aeroplanes
Rout German Flying Squadrons.
(By Review Leased Wire)
PARIS, Mar. 17. French advance
have entered the important town of
Roye. and the French have occupied !
the entire front between Andechey
j and the Oi.se, comprising powerfully
fortified lines which the Germans j
have held for more than two years.
This announcement is made tonight
in the official communication which
adds that at several points the road ;
between Roye and Noyon has been '.
taken. Frankfort on the Main has ,
been bombarded by French aero-1
planes in retaliation for the firing of
' Bapaume by the German. !
French Gain 15 Miles i
The statement reads:
"Along the whole front between
Andechey and the Oise (about 15
mlles) the enemy, declining bat- I
tie, abandoned under the pres
sure of our troops powerfully and
skillfully fortified lines which
they had held for more than two
years.
'Today our advance movement con
tinued rapidly. Our advance guard
entered Roye, pursuing an enemy con
tingent which blew up crossings and
streets in the interior section.
"North and northeast of Lassigny'and La Maisonette,
which we likewise occupied, we have "N'orth of the river in addition to
reached at several points and even Bapaume, we are ia possesion of tim
advanced beyond the road between ' villages of Le Transloy. Uienvilliers.
Roye and Noyon. , 'Pi'iucouit. Achiet-le-Crand. Ae!iie;-I
( "Quite violent artillery fighting Petit, Ablainsville. Buequoy and Es
took place in Champagne and on the carts. We also hold Qnesnoy farm,
right bank of the Meuse. On the left J ISOO yaids northeast of the last na:ii
bank of the Meuse were directed de-1 ed village anil have gained the w-st-Atructive
fires against the German j ern and m.rthwesi defenses of M'-n-
organization in the region of Avo
tourt. There Is nothing to report on
the rest of the front.
"Last night our air squadrons bom
barded enemy organizations in the re
gion of Arnaville and factories and
blast furnaces at Wolklingen where
a general fire broke out as well as sta
tions and road in the region of Ham
and St. Quentin. All of
our aero -
planes returned safely.
"In reprisal for the setting afire of
Bapaume, one of the aeroplanes to-
day bombarded the town of Frank
fort on the Main."
YALE RUNNER
NEW YORK. Mar. 17. John W. Ov-
erton of Yale made a new world's I
indoor record for the 1.000 yard run l
at the senior National Amateur Ath-'
letlc Union Championships at the '
Twenty Second Regiment Armory to- ;
night. His time wan 1:14. one and a ;
fifth seconds better than the former ;
record. Joie Ray of the Illinois A. C.
Chicago, finished second.
(By Review
AMSTERDAM via London, Mar. 17.
The Frankfurter Zietung publishes
Vienna dispatches reporting that the
sudden return of Emperor Charles
front Budapest to Vienna last week
was due to the receipt of news of the
outbreak in Russia. Diplomatic cir
cles in Vienna are rejoicing over the
visit to that city of Dr. von Beth
mann Hollweg. the German chancel
lor at a moment when the Russian
revolution makes it necessary for the
Teutonic powers to examine the sit
uation from a new standpoint, says
the dispatch.
LONDON. Mar. 17. Dispatches
from Vienna, according to the Ex
chanr Telegraph Company's corre-
TEUTON POWERS CONFER OVEO
i ALARMING RUSSIAN SITUATION
MILES
(By review Lascd Wirt )
LONDON, Mar. 17 The British
troops have made another exten
sive advance, entering German
positions on a front of about 16
miles, according to the official re
port from British headquarters in
France tonight.
On the north the gain reported
Bapaume to Manchy au-Boise and
included the villages of Le Tran
sloy, Achietle -Grand. Bjcquoy
and ethers.
On the south the gain includes
various villages from La Maison
I ette to Fresnes-
I The statement reads :
"Bapaume has been captured br
; our troops after stiff fighting with the
I German guard. The city had been
i pillaged by the enemy. All pri. ate
l boosts and public buiM.ncs alike
i have been destroyed and everything
j of value carried orf cr burned.
! "Our advance has proceeded rapidly
during the day on both banks of the
Somme. South of the river we have
enti-red the enemy's positions on a
front of about 16 miles and occupid
the villages of Frt.sne, Hirgny. Vil
! lers-Carbopelle, Barleux, Ktcr;wxny
rhy -au-Bois.
"Aa encounter took pl;ice yer-ter-day
between a patrol of eight of our
aeroplanes and sixteen en.m u;a
chines. with tile result in twenty min
utes fighting the hostile fo:nuti)n
was broken up. Two German air
planes were destroyed and two other
driven down damaged. All our nia-
, chines returned."
i
! 35TH INFANTRY LEAVES
QO'JGLAS FOR NOGA'-ES
DOl'GLAS. Alar. 17. The Thirty
Fifth Infantry, the recently orsanized
regiment, left here toda yto hike tu
Nogales where it will be stationed.
Colonel J. H. Frier wa in command
The regiment was escorted two miles
beyond the city limits by a brigade
of infantry as a guard of honor.
CARRAN2A S AUNT IS
DEAD IN EL PASO
EL PASO. Mar. 17. Mrs. Dolores
Eslrada de Garza. PI. aunt of Prosi-
dent Carranza of Mexico, dt 1 here
today.
Leased Wire.)
I pondent at the Hague, Fay that the
j German chancellor as received this
I morning by the Austrian emperor and
'empress. Chancellor von Bethmann-
Hollweg had a long conference with
Emperor Charles jointly with Count
Czernin, Austro-Hungarian foreign
minister, chiefly with reference to the
Russian situation.
Political circles ia Vienna, the dis
patch adds, are considering the pos
sibility of entering into negotiations
with the Russian cabinet, with a view
to an aimisiite. Emperor Charles is
very anxious about the m.uter. The
German chancellor will leave Vienna
Saturday night for Berlin and w ill im
mediately visit the German emperor
I at headquarters. THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW,
SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 18, 1917.
1
Live Models To Be Used
For Showing Garments
IN ORDER TO SHOW this finery to advantage, and
in a manner that you will appreciate, we have employed
live models to wear the garments They will exhibit two
hours each afternoon between two and four P. M. COME
AND BRING YOl'R FRIENDS.
Carnations Free
To All Visitors
Spring Apparel
u
For The Growing Girl
WE CATER TO THE MISS of 13 to 17 yeasr, and
olTer, in "Mit-se sizes, unequaled varieties of late odish
garments, built on broad lines. Intermediate Suits from
$15 and upwards. Smart colored Frocks of Linen, Rep.
line Voiles. Lawn and Madras at $3.50 to $7.50. Dainty
Lingerie and Sports Styles at $3.50 to $12.50.
. ESPECIAL ATTENTION 13 DEVOTED here to out
fitting girls of intermediate age, whose changing figures
are often difficult to Ct.
St .'.
ft' II
j f i
TWO
'V-s TV X ..'jv J - v
It Is Our Privilege To Announce The Completion of Our Spring Displays
And Conscientiously Promise a Delightful Hour to Those Who View Thern-Styles and Values Inspiring,
Impressive, IncomparableShow Days Monday and Tuesday, March 19th and 20th
'I i j m
i-,
. A viv .i-"'
, . ' ;.. . " V '.- ,: : . -r-'''
; '1':.V; i
.ft r
SP?AG WASH FABRICS
Great Variety, More Beautiful Than
Ever New PatternsBright Colors
WE CAN'T THINK of a year when Summer Dress Cottons made
such an impression en us. Tli"V are always pretty and fresh whe:i
tliey first come and always seem full of promise and hint at (lowers
and sunshine.
EUT THIS YEAR THERE IS A GENTLE BEAUTY AND A
SORT OF NEW DIGNITY IN THE DESIGNS AND COLOR
INGS. AND THE LOW PRICES WE HAVE MARKED THEM
TO SELL, f UT THEM WITHiN REACH OF EVERY POCKET
BOOK. TO GO HACK TO ( OIXMS. the Chinese and Japanese influence
predominates, it is everywhere in Wash Goods. Some say the Orient
has more to offer in fabrics jus' now and that the colors are dominat
ing everything because of the dyestuffs here but it must le because
the nfciterials re so lovely and colorings so pay that they have caus;'!
the eve and won the hearts of American women.
Khaki-Kool Silk $4 and $4,50 Yd.
OK SI'ECIAL INTEREST fie these new KHAKIKOOL SILKS,
whose ti ti i i ' nt s.-. is uii''iiiilcl ici'!i:ins by any other fashionable sil'n
loomed today.
T'lERK SILKS are particularly adapted to the sports styles that
are ill vugitc, because of their rucdiicss of quality as well as fur
the snap, ami dash and vigor of their colorings; the most fashionable
shades are here and include Mustard, Turquoise. Cerise. Coral, Tongee
and Oyster Wl'.ie, :w and 4J inchis wide, priced at $4 and $4.50 a
yard.
Sports Gaberdine 75c Yard
SPORT CLOTHES seem to lie the most important part of the
spring fashion exhibit. They are of every kind of material, color
and style, hut of all the materials used in making these pretty to;;.;.
Sports Striped Gabardines are the prettiest and smartest of all: they
are shown in wide stripes, in all the bright, brilliant, daring shades
for spring ;!' inches wide, per yard Tic.
Kayser's Silk jersey $2.00 Yd.
THESE lJEAl'TIKI L JKRSKV SILKS ale in great demand this
season for "sports -togs" Sports skirts, siiils and coals. The color
range includes mustard, white, black, flesh, vivid eld rose, American
P.eauty. coral, turquoise and green, whether Jade, Iri-h. Chinese, Ap
ple or gr en of any other name, it is the greenest green ever seen.
Per yard f2V).
Sport Striped Georgette $2.50
i
I GEORGETTE CREPE in Sports Stripes and Figures, one of tic
I most po.iular of this season's fabric.-- it is cspciially desirable f'r
i r
I
Newest
Spring
Models
In
Spring Showing
Distinctive Hats
For Children
75c, $1.25 to $7.50
AS AN AUTHORITY on cor
rect Headwear for Children, this store
is widely known.
OFR ASSORTMENTS are replete with hat3
for all occasions Simple little styles in Straw,
as well as exquisite models of lace &nd straw
combinations, daiuijly trlfiiied with Bowers, rib
bons and ornaments. We know every fond mo
ther will lie delighted with this assemblage of
little girls hats; we, therefore, urge you to come
tomorrow- anu see it
Here is a fashion message that knocks at the door of every woman in the Warren District. It is our invitation to all of you to visit "The Fair"
store during this SPECIAL Two Days Exhibitionof the new season's styles in Women's Apparel, Millinery, Dress Goods, Summer Wash Cottons,
Trimmings, Shoes, Etc., Just a peep into the style trend of the season a glimpse of the favored modes a hint at the Spring 1917 interpretations of
Dame Fashion's law of style. '
IT IS OUR PLEASURE AND PRIVILEGE TO ANNOUNCE THE COMPLETION OF OUR
SFRING DISPLAYS AND CONSCIENTIOUSLY PROMISE A DELIGHTFUL HOUR TO THOSE
WHO VIEW THEM. IT IS DIFFERENT FROM ANY OTHER STYLE COLLECTION IN THE
SOUTHWEST COMPRISING NOT ONLY STYLES FROM AMERICA'S EEST DESIGNERS
AND MAKERS, BUT MANY ADAPTATIONS OF IMFORTED MODELS.
These special show days will be of particular interest to the well gowned women who realize the advant
age of being First in Fashion. Will you accept our invitation to see the splendid new styles we have assembled
for your approval? THERE WILL BE FREE CARNATIONS FOR ALL VISITORS.
Picturesque Styles and the Appearance of Quality and Gracefulness Will
Remain With Each Garment Shown in This Wonderful Assemblage
AVE NOTICED MOST, their tendency to give youthfulness to t':e wearer a fact which designers are studying more thoughtfully
every season.
WO.M EN are very partial to clothes of the better kind and "The Fair" store has secured for them some wondi rfu! models in Coa?3.
Suits and Dresses. These to be shown tomorrow afternoon during the two liMnrs' special exhibition, and, v. ill b' arrayed on Live .lod.ls ii.
order to more accurately convey their wonderful charm, gnlce and beauty.
SUITS
-NEW SPITS, many of these have
large pockets on coat and skirt to give the
barrel' effect and there pre more ncvel y
touches in culls and collars than for niEi.y
seasons past. Norfolk and Belted Coats
wit.'i yokes and box-pleats; exclusive
models, with new collars that extend and
point well down over the shoulder.
The new materials are especially rich, in
clude Poiret Twill, Silk and Wool Jersey,
Serge, Gaberdine and mixtures; Hurella
Cloth being greatly favored. Suit prices be
gin at $lS.5o and range upwards to $50.
f4 -,'t
COATS DRESSES
lite
(c. piayi'ig th" Tailored Suit and
ADVANCE. STYLES were only heralds
of what fashion intended to do in designing
Coats. So many new and different niodel.i
have been included in this complete exhibi
tion, that you will want two or three coats
as you view them instead of jusi one.
LIGHT WEIGHT Coats for ruotorwear.
coats colorful and dashing; coats dignified
and practical. Everything that you would
expect of Cnats and more that you don't
expect. Plaid Coats in bright colors wih
belts and flares; Full flared styles, with
belts, large pockets and convertible collars.
CLINGING CREATIONS of Georgette
Crepe and in the soitest color tones imag
inable; a host of pretty affairs in novelty
stripes these of Tafeta; Crepe de Chine
Dresses that are charming; and some of the
most adorable dresses in combination effect
that we have ever shown and, of course,
we must call your attention to the nianv
smart and practical styles in Serge Dresses.
Wool ar.il Silk Slree- Dresses have big sh'"
pockets, heavy cords and collars of eith: r
white or colored broadcloth, or Georgette.
Wonderful for their prices.
Unmatchable Suit Values at $25
Sl'ITS CREATED P.Y THE HANDS OF A MASTER A master of style A master of color harmony A master of that elusive, evas
ive "SOMETHING" called individuality. Measured from any angle hese t2o :-'uis present the new models for Spring in a maserry way.
' The most favored of Fashion's ( harming styles in serge, gaberdine, novelty i ln- ks and mixtures. Spoi ls Suits in bright colors. Fancy
models. Norfolks and new back or front belted effects, $25.
CORSETS FORM the proper foundation
upon which to build the clothes and give them
tiial peculiar elegit nee and attractiveness which
I II-. SMOOTH. r'il-ct fitting back.
t,c:y 1.
- t. : it s; . - t(
delicate evening gown in all their beauty
OCR CORSET1ERES thoroughly understand
the advantages of "BOX TON" CORSETS, and
will be pleased to explain them to interested
women during these special show days. "P.OX
TON" Corsets are priced at i l.M. $4."5 and up
wards to $13.
BON TON CORSETS
For Slender Figures
MANY A WOMAX of slender even verv'
slight figure needs abdominal support i NOT
REDIVTION) quite as much as anv stout"
woman.
There's ;i "HON TON" model for I he slender
ligure that gies the gentle support that brings
a graceful sense of uplift; relieves strain nn
nerves and ligaments; and produces the youth
ful, buoyant let lmg that keeps one's fctce young
and smiling. No matter what your figure, you
should know the "BON TON" No other corset
resembles it even remotely.
i
Beauty and Novelty of
NEW SPRING NECKWEAR
35c, 50c, 75c up to $3.00
t
THE EXPRESS HAS brought us box after box of New Novelties in Spring
Neckwear And it ought to be easy for every women in the Warren Dist.-ict lo
find something here exactly soiled to h r requirements and please her fancy.
MADE OF THE SHEEREST, daintiest, most delicate fabrics that ycu can
imagine In all the new shapes approved by Fashion, some of Georgette, Crepe
De Chine, Voile and Organdie, others of Khaki-Kool or Shantung Silk, in white,
plain colors, or sports patterns. Priced at ilac. 50c, 75c, upwards to $;i.0O.
loiely anu c.khiii.ui
.m v n.t'n r is and covifs.
Lovely New Spring Blouses
$5.95, $6.50 Upwards lo $18.50
l ALMOST EXTRAVAGANT in beauty are the new headings and braidings ol
Georgette' Crepe Blouses. That you may see the richest ot these in all their variety,
we have planned this specjal exhibition a matter of vital interest to all w :uin- for
it is blouse-buying time now and everyone is in quest of the newest model. . What
ever else you do. don't fail lo visit the Blouse section during the SHOW DAYS
Blouses of Georgette Crepe
AND CREPE DE CHINE in the "lost vivid and brilliant of Spr-ng shade-. Stripes,
colorings'. Oriental designs all are uniisui'l beauties of this display. Itcadii x in the
must exquisite effects, braiding in artistic patterns - One looks at b.i.i.s"s. am blouses,
ami wants them all. "The Fair" store exhibit is an extensive or.'- and bcu iful. A
notable feature are the new and different ideas in collars and iuff.
Diversity of Blouse Styles
BEGINNING with the simplicity Tub Blouses for out o' door and every day wear,
this exhibit extends to Sports Blouses of every type, to Lingeries of every qc.ihly n.'d
every degree of elaborateness. Taiiord Silk, semi laibired crepe de chines, an 1 novelly
Georgette ( reps also in ludeil. And we have marked all of tin in on the close t argin-nf-prolil
basis.
NEW SPRING MILLINERY
Smartness, Rather Than Elaborateness the Keynote
Moderate Prices a Special Feature
-SMARTNESS RATHER than elaborateness the keynote of
Spring Millinery in the same breath we must tellyou. too, that con
servative prices are the result. Beginning at $10. few are mere than
SL'O. and there's a delightful assortment at $15.00 and $12.50. So two
hats alike REMEMBER.
SPORTS MODELS ARE MANY. IT HAS BEEN HARD FOR
OUR DESIGNERS TO STOP CREATING THESE STUNNING
HATS WITH EVERY WOMAN WHO ENTERS THE MIL
LINERY SECTION ASKING FOR SOMETHING NEW IN A
SPORTS HAT. COLORS AND COLOR COMBINATIONS ARE
GLORIOUS.
TAILORED HATS-'especially trot-about models have never
been quite so fascinating. A shape very chic; a bit of ribbon and a
Mick tip - only artists of originality could haw designed the models
that are attracting so much attention. DRESS HATS meet the re
quirements of delicacy required of them this season. They're beauti
fulbewitching. Dress Hats
Bewitching Styles
$7.50, $8.50 and $10.00
- CHOICE OF HITHER the shiny Liscre braid in black or color-,
or the new ho cy effects of transparent hair braid so rich for dres-y
wear. A hi't selected from lilhcr of these three groups will grace
your costume for any social fiinctiuu. and have that touch of individ
uality so much iiii.i'd by women who dress well.
Inexpensive Hats $3.95, $4.95, $5.95
THESE THREE (IROI'PS COMPRISE a mo t iiuiisu.il showing of Street and Tailored
Hals in an , ,,l.irs and all styles. Many of them topics ol the more expensive models. Th assttrt
inciiis are large and there Sll'ST be one that, will conform to YOl'R type of bcauly. MILLINERY
VALl'ES thai arc positively unniatcliablc at the low price. $:;.y5, $1.05 and $5.05.
jtV f v
t'A' v:
I -- '-'."
r. . r -.-
VAr THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 18, 1917.
THREE
Your - Friends
Mean more than money to you. If you're a :
Beau Brummel Tailored man you're going to
get the glad hand every day everywhere.
'J:'
X
33?-fired
1 Tailoring
There's No Use Talking
. CLOTHES certainly do help make the man.
Get "off" the ready-mades. Have your clothes
tailored expressly for you get exactly what
you want without question or quibble.
Let us show you our methods of putting
character into cloth let us tailor your form
: according to your ideas and you'll have gar
ments ot which you will be mighty proud and
i at prices that won't worry you.
Order your Easter Suit NOW.
Lowell Haberdashery
Lowell, Arizona.
WORLD'S GREATEST TEMPERANCE BEVERAGE
Try It Vonce Dlace Tanhauser und Bier
sj je Dy each Dare vos such
exactness, I don't pelecf dare vos von man in
ten tousand dot could tell vich vos der uder.
Ask For It Demand It Accept no sub-
stitute. It costs
the dealer more, but it's worth it. Sells same
price as other similar beverages.
- V . VI
1 t'J f
.fl
Ik
Sold Everywhere
BISBEE SMOKE
HOUSE
Distributor for
ci.ite County.
Phone 191
Co-
Successful Mining Men
Prefer The
"Western" Mining Hoist
Efficiency, Economy of opera
tion, Reliability are Features of the
"Western" Mining Hoist that have
made it universally preferred by
mining men.
The "Western" has proved that
it will do the work will stand the
strain of hard, continuous opera
tion most economically, most satis
factorily. These, and not "lowest price"
are the features that determine su
periority and economy in the long
run.
i
Schweitzer Machine Co.
Moing
Machinery
135 So. Sixth Ave.
Tucson, Arizona
DOUGLAS ELECTION
BOARD INDICTED
j (Continual From Pane One)
I otil the morning session. With the
: exception f one men. her. tlio board
i was made up of democrats from pre
jcincts outside of Douglas N'o. 1. two
of the witnesses testified. Frequent
recesses, during which one member
! of tlio board was left alone with tlie
ballots; bettins while the countinfi
was Koing on, and iiuinerous other ir
regularities were related by the. wit
nesses. Bruce Stevenson, assistant county
'attorney of Cochise county, was the
first witness called. The witness tes
tified that he knew every one of the
election board which served at the
November election and was positive
that four of them lived outside of
Douglas No. 1 precinct. Despite the
strenuous objection raised by Sena
tor Ives and Attorney Struckmeyer,
the greater part of Stevenson's testi
mony was allowed to ko on the rec
ords. Queer Procedure
When asked if he was present dur
ing the evening when the election
hoord was counting the votes polled
during the day and whether he not
iced any irregularities, Stevenson re
plied that he had seen Art Pearson,
who was taking the ballots from the
box, holding a short pencil in his hand
carefully concealed in the palm. Sev
eral ' times he saw Pearson make a
motion as if marking a cross on the
ballot just before handing it to the
member of the board who was calling
he names off to the tallymen, the
witness stated. Stevenson stated he
called the attention of other people in '
the room to the. actions of IVarson j
'nd ten went in search of Deputy i
Sheriff Cross. !
In the cross-examination Senator j
ves asked Stevenson if he was aware j
that he could be made party to the j
crime by not ordering Pearson's ar-1
rest when he discovered him tamper-1
ing with the ballots. Stevenson re
plied that there were two reasons why
he did not interfere: first, because he
was not certain Pearson had marked
'.he ballot and secondly, because he i
was not certain whether a civilian of
ficer could arrest an election official.
He stated further that since the elec
tion he had investigated quietly and
when the ballots now in custody of
the court could be obtained as evi
lence he intended to prosecute every
member of the board.
Just before the Campbell attorneys
were ready to turn the witness over
to Senator Ives, they asked him if he
had ever held any conversation with
si"c November election.
Probably realizing that the Campbell
n-s were at'empting to divulge
'ippator Ives raised strenuous objec-
ion:- to allowing the witness to an
swer and after a long and heated ar
,'ui:'tT!t on law questions pertaining
to testimony at a conspiracy trial,
Judp Stanford overruled the objec-
i ii f.nd the alleged confession of
Wirt to Stevenson was related In de
.!. Hart came to the office of Steven-
; '-a March 12 and asked for a few
I minutes private conversation. The
eiuest was granted and when they
were alone Hart told how he had
changed one ballot from Hunt to
Campbell because the erasure after
Campbell's name was too apparent.
He admitted, the witness Baid, that he
'-new of at least 48 ballots that Pear
son had changed from Campbell to
Hunt by erasing the cross after the
republican's name and voting the bal
'ot for Hunt. This part of the testi
mony was stricken from the records
because it was mere hearsay.
At the conclusion of Stevenson's I
testimony, 'Senator Ives made a mo-1
tion to dismiss the action to have j
Douglas No. 1 thrown out on the j
ground that no testimony was intro-1
1uced that was sufficient to warrant I
throwing the entire precinct out. The !
court refused to sustain the motion
without waiting to hear argument by
the Campbell attorneys. j
Sensational Testimony
Deputy Sheriff C. E. Cross was
called and corroborated the testimony '
of Stevenson relative to the intoxica
tion of Pearson and added that Hart
during early part of the evening ap
peared to be in the same condition
He told of hearing about irregulari- i
ties going on in the polling place and j
said that when he asked to see some
of the ballots Pearson led him to a I
table to a pile two or three inches j
high which were not yet counted.
Cl.inciug over the names of the can
didates lor justice of the peace In that
precinct. Cross said that he noticed
erasures after the name of Dunlap,
the republican candidate, on several
of the ballot 3.
G. M. Moore, night sergeant of po
lice, whose office was next door to
1. nnllm. . 1 : .. . U ...I .. I. .. 1 1 I
mc 'iiinii ito r in nie illy imil iiuu
divided by a partition in which glass
windows were placed the entire
length, took the stand and testified
that he noticed the intoxicated condi
tion of Pearson, refused to accept liq
uor from him on one or more occas-!
ions and enumerated several other
proceedings during the evening. At
one time, he said, the entire election
board left the room when Hart sug
gested that they seek fresh air, and j
left the latter alone in the room, i
When Moore walked in to ask for a I
mutch, he found Hart seated on the
.able with a dozen or more ballots
spread face down on the tabic. Hart
(Concluded on Page 4)
Destruction ofFamousOldBar
Brings to Mind Many Thrilling
Stories of Early Arizona Days
There are many mountains, valleys,
plains, mines and buildings in Arizona
that could tell wonderful stories of
the early days if only they had the
i power of speech. And then are lesser.
scorned objects that could tell even
more wonderful tales. One jf these,
a common bar, despised by prohibi
tionists and beloved by anti-prohibitionists,
was unceremoniously mur
dered" several days ago. This parti
cular bar could probably tell more
stories than any other bar in the west
were It other than un inanimate thing,
but as it is the stories have fo b'
told by the few real pioneers who ca
still remember the thrilling days ii
which the bar, then a symbol of gooc
fellowship instead of a thing of scorr
played such important part.
The bar was built in 1S78 and firs
installed in the Occidental hotel a
Tombstone, then one of the livelie:
camps in the southwest. The old Oc
cidental fairly reeks with history am
romance, but it was the bar that wa
the Oracle of southern Arizona it
those days, for practically every Id
dian fight, every mining deal an
every gun fight of consequence wa
first discussed over it. And, if th
bar had ears, it later heard these same
events described many times over b;
the principals in the affair.
Removed to Bisbee.
After many years of service, th
bar was transferred to Bisbee and, ii
1894, installed in the Capitol bar, ot
Brewery Gulch.' Here is heard mucl
more hisfjry in the making. Whe'
Arizona went dry, the bar seemed t
shrink and shiver with shame, for tb
Capitol bar became a soft drink par.
lor and, instead of whiskey, gin anc
other beverages of the past, only roo
beer, near beer and butter-milk wer'
passed across the top of the heart
broken bar. And. with the passing
or the years, the old west died a na
tural death. NVw, all the bar heart,
is half-hearted arguments over the
governor's contest, calm and peaceful
discussions of international questions
and political debates.
Occasionally an old-tinier wanderr
into the old Capitol, now Tanman
Hall, and starts to tell of some in
cident in the early days, a lynchinp
or the pursuit Mt Geronimo, and the
bar seems to bristle up with intere
and resume its old dignity, but the
discussion se'dotn lasU long, for ih"r
are few pioneers left who remember
the good old days and the discussior
eventually ends up with a modern
argument. And then vtHe bar lapses
back into an indifferent -titude once
more and almost groans as it waits
h'jpefully for the blast of a forty-five,
which never comes, and hears its new
friends gently order lemonade and
strawberry soda.
Bar It "Murdered."
The cruellest blow of all came to
the helpless bar Friday, however,
when John Twoniey, its owner for
more than twenty years, heartlessly
ordered it Chopped in two in order to
make rtfom for new equipment that
will be pluced in Tammany HalL Thus
ended the career of one of the most
famous bars in the country, a shame
ful death for a self-respecting and
orderly servant. But the bar has one
consolation, it "died" ia the presence
of one friend. Frank J. Vaughn. Mr.
Vaughn has gladly stepped aside and
cheered the onward march of prohi
bition, but he is still prtmd that in
jthe days of the west that was he
stood many times iu front of the old
f bar. both in Tombstone and Iiisbee,
:nnd talked with the many men who,
'like himself, took such an active part
! in the thrilling days of the early 'Su's.
Among the lainoiis nun whom he
j remembers as having stood in frtint
I of the bar are General Lawton, who
I pursued Geronimo and his murderous
'hand and was later killed in the
; Philippines; John Heath, who was
I lynched for the killing of four men.
und John S. Sullivan, famous pugilist.
'.Vhile standing in front of tie bar
Dne day. as the story is ttild by Bailghn,
Sullivan was asked if lie was the man
vho could "knock a man cold" in
four minutes.
"I guess I am," replied Sullivan.
"Why. that's nothing," spoke up one
nan, who pointed to another man
lamed Ward, who hud been selected
,o preside at the execution of four
nen. "See 'hat fel!jw there? Well, he's
;oing to knock out four men in five
ainutes tomorrow."
Other Famous Characters.
Others who kn w the bar were
arps, one of the principals in the
.arps-Clauton feud, who later became
amous as a referee, and gave the de
ision in the Sharkey-Fitzsimmons
:ght: Eil Sehietler. discoverer oi
omhstone: George Warren, discover
er of the Warren District : Dave Xagle,
.ho killed Judge Terry in Fresno
:fter Terry had struck another judge,
vho had employed Nagle as his body-,-uard:
Bill Daniels, who was killed at
'orrest Station by Indians; General
liles and General Woods, who parti
ipated in Indian tights in Cochise;
Jeutenant Greenwood, who captured
reronimo; Jim Carr, wli'j freighted
.11 supplies into the camp before the
iine of the railroad; Frank Leslie,
.ho killed Billy Clayburn, known as
The Kid." and was finally convicted
if slaying his wife; Colonel Herring, j
ne of the first lawyers in this part j
f the country who later became at- i
brney for the Copper Queen; Castan-
ieda, notorious bandit; Martin Costel-
!o, who sold the Irish Mag property
o the C. & A.; G. C. Biluke, who
stablished the Hollenbeck hotel in
-s Angeles and later was killed
jvhen the Lusitania was sunk; John
Yard, the. first sheriff of Cochise;
Jeorge W. Walker, the cicar maker
.hv later became a millionaire; Jer
y Barton, who was reputed to have
illed several men h striking them
errific blows on the neck with hir
are fist; Charles Cunninghim. prop
ietor of the Philadelphia hotel, who
as launched a movement to organize
ill pioneers who came to Arizona be
fore 1S80, and scores of others,
.'aughn himself took an active part in
the running down of Geronimo, and is
tuthority for the statement that it
the bar could talk it could tell more
tbout the pursuit of the Indian than
ill the humans and histories in the
vorld.
1 ft-.Vs'VV- Q .V t n.vv iif I
I
i Department
I We offer
j JioyafAIadeto-Jfeasiae
It Suits and Ovaaais
I at
I $i6,$i7,$2o,$25.
THE OFFICE STORE
Ment Furnishing
Main Street
(The Store With a Conscience)
' MIMING
MACHINERY
To do efficient prospecting cheaply, you must have
machinery. leind methods are too slow and expen
sive. A small compressor driven by gasoline will do
the work of ten men quicker and at only a fraction of
the cost. A small hoist will enable you to get the waste
or ore out quickly and cheaply.
The "NOVO" HoUt as illustrated above with drum,
friction, clutch, and rated at 600 pounds capacity, 210
feet lift per minute in stock for immediate delivery is
only $235.
OUR MINE SUPPLY STOCK IS COMPLETE and
you can depend upon us having what you want when
you want it. Powder both 40 and 60 per cent. Drill
Steel all sizes, Shovels. Picks, Crow Bars, Carbide,
Lamps. Anvils, Forges, Blowers, Hammers, Fuse, Caps,
Fuse Lighters. Cap Protectors, Pipe, Buckets, Rope.
Cable, tool Handles, Valves and all kinds of Oils and
Greases.
Send Us Your Order
We Tflake Prompt Deliveries
3. 1
3
a nrn
lint 4
5 3
FOX PHOTOPLAY IS
AGAINROYAL CARD
Little Actress in "The Island
of Desire" Had Hard Work
in Hospital .Ward.
, I
i'
i Oil Ak
8 41 V?VIV
II
f f
1 .--V."i.tif'rMWf
Al? 1
I
J
son for this is that Miss tiihson in her
previous pictures, has frequently play
ed with "bis eats," as lions, timers,
leopards and other such fearsome
beasts are called in Vr profession.
'This is a story of Miss Margaret
Gibson, famous in the him world for I
her beauty (she is a blonde anions
blondes) and tor that other quality
'hat rarely accompanies pulchritude
courage. Iioth beauty and courage are
shown to full advantage in the first
picture that she has played in for the
Fox Flm Corporation. "The Island of
Desire." This feature appears again ;
today at the Koyal theatre. In this ,
hurly-burly of love and adventure, if;
is needless to say she pl.iys the cap-,
tivating heroine. i
Out in U)s Angeles, where part of
"The Island of Desire" was filmed,
there is a hospital for children. Now
every one knows thai children are the
most ardent photoplay fans. When
they are laid up iu sick beds and de- i
privet! of all their own little amuse-
Jments, their enthusiasm for tlie photo
i play rises to the highest pitch. And
so it is that the movie screen is fre
quently set up in this hospital out in
Lts Angeles.
Margaret Gibson proved to be one
of the most popular of the tilm people
with this juveniie audience. One rv.i-
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS.
The Optical department of L. L. G;I
an's is the oiliest in the state aiid
rlso the busiest, e ployins two regis
tered opticians who devote their en
tire time correcting your vision and
grinding your lenses. You will al
wavs find us ready and qualified to
handle the most complicated cases
wit '-out delay. We boast of having
t'e largest nuir.ber of prescriptions
in the west and each one represents
a sitistld customer.
COOK RUBBER CO.
CUT RATa TIF.E CONCERN NEW. CLEAN, FRESH STOCK
GUARANTEED
"SPECIAL LCTS" STANDARD MAKES TIRES
Special Sale on Tires
SrtUIAL LOTS 5TAIMDAKU IVIAKtS
Cord Tubes
Size I'lain Non-Skid Plain Non-Skid Oray
?.2xSVz $12.00 $13.00 $:t.o0
31x4 $25.00 3..V)
3:;4 1600 ;2.r.o 2.V00 ""j
34x3 14.00
34x4 17.00 23.00 DtiT.O
34x4Vi 21.00 22.00
35x4 ',4 23.00 29.50 - 4.50
3Cx4 16.00 r)
36x4 M 4 ""
37x5 52"
30x3 2.60
30x3 S ' 2.7.-1
We handle nothing but standard makes. Call Hughes Hlock, Op
posite Y. W. C. A.
City Dye Works
PHONE 739
DAVIS & SON
BISBEE
Cord Tubes
v'ire I'ir'ii .Wn SUM V'.vin Non-Skid Grey Red
28x3 $7.60. s-.8.y $.... $.... $2.05 $2.23
"30x3 8.15 9.53 2.20 2.43
30x3i2 10.65 12.-50 21.05 23.65 2.60 2.90
3ix3' 11.20 13.15 2.70 2.95
32x3 12.20 14.25 22.45 25.30 2.75 3.00
34x3i2 13.80 16.20 23.90 26.90 2.90 3.20
31x4 16.25 . 19.00 27.60 31.05 3.50 3.85
32x4 16.55 19.40 28.60 32.15 3.65 4.05
33x4 17.40 20.40 29.35 33.05 3.75 4.15
34x4 17.80 20.80 30.15 33.90 3.85 4.25
35x4 1S.60 21.80 ' 3.95 4.40
36x4 18.90 22.15 4.05 4.50
32x4'2 19.90 22.85 32.20 36.25
33x4'7 20 TO 24 00 33.05 37.15
34x42 21.80 25.55 33.90 38.10 4.75 5.25
35v4'2 22.80 26.70 34.75 39.05 4.85 5.40
36x42 23.13 27.10 35.55 39.95 5.00 5.55
37x42 24.15 28.25 5.15 5.70
34x5 25.00 28.70 5.40 6.00
35x5 25.50 29.35 42.15 47.45 5.80 6.40
36x5 25.85 32.35 5.85 6.50
37x5 27.00 33.75 44.15 49.70 5.95 6.:5
38x52 5?-55 60-20
' handle Kelly -Springfield. Goodyear, and all standard makes of
tires at the above low prices. All s7t s. Limited guarantee.
Tills p'-;f is ill i. 1 1 i chance ni'hoet if "ue.
DOUGLAS, ARIZ. (E! Paso Branch)
1113 G Avenue Phone 310
I". S --Atwit :-t i'e i' ,-ir.u'nl't side. Q. 1. Clim ber or rlim lier
wanted.
Goods 'i!';t)neil c. o. V. money icuiudcd cu all goods returned in
tact within a mon'h. FOUR
Published Every Day Except Monday by the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered a Second Class Mail Matter at B.sbue. Arizona
Under Act of March S. 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable in Advance:
PER MONTH .76
THREE MONTHS , 2.26
SIX MON THS 4 00
TWELVE MONTHS ... 5-
SUNDAY Our Wek!y pe. v-
SUNDAY Our Weekly .
Subscription Taken For Less Than '5 Cent
PHONE NO. 39.
Rtvttw subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
daily rteview bwfore 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department. No. 39 The Review will con
aider It a favor if any irregularity of delivery Is' reporteo
to the Circulation Department The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only
SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 18, 1917.
Germany, we tan then proceed safe in the knowledge
teal wu need fear no Heathery at the hands of friend3
and -neighbors. But there are considerations more im
portant than this, affecting not only the United States
j but the whole family of American democracies.
The Monroe Doctrine is at stake. The integrity and
liberty of the New World is threatened today more than
it has been for haJf a century. German emissaries are
known to have been busy in many Latin-American coun
tries, seeking to turn them against the United States
and to set them at loggerheads with each other. The Ge
man government has revealed itself, ly its own confes
sion, as no respecter of American territory. It blithely
offers to support any American country in acts of ag
gression against anj other, if the deed will suit Berlin's
purpose. And it stands to reason that, if Germany or any
other Old-World power once enters into alliance with
any of our family of nations,- she will have pained a foot
hold that will lead to disunion and peril hereafter.
This isihe time of all times to tighten the bonds of
our hemisphere and make Pan-American a reality. And
it will not suffice merely to attack and root our German
plots. We must actively court the friendship of our
Latin neighbors, and to do that we must prove that we
deserve their friendship. -
To that end we should seek at once to eliminate any
grievance against us existing in any Latin-American
country. And we might well begin with Colombia. The
United States senate, could perform no better service to
the nation at this moment than to O. K. the treaty which
WHEN THE PEOPLE SPEAK j ba8 been pending so many years, paying the damages
The American people are slow to Vrath. but when once : ciaimed by Colombia as a result of the Panama episode
aroused they move o.uickly. It has teen a revelaticn to j That wou,d be a guarantee of good faith toward our
ourselves and the world to see the rapidity wixli which : neighbora nlore effective than the most eloquent protest
the thought and feeling of a nation of 100,000,000 have atjons vr goo( win. v
clarified and expressed themselves in the last two week..
The armed ship debate- in the senate made a clean
cut issue. The dozen senators who opposed the proposed
move apparently had no idea of the sentiment of the
country. Even fie majority failed to realize how strong
was the national feeling in favor of a dignified assertior
of American rights and American honor. The public it
self, perhaps, had net consciously realized it. The body
of opinion was indefinite.
The spectacle cf a senate unable or unwilling to act
together for the national interest tnttantly awoke the
nation and precipitated an unmistakable verdict. The
senate was promptly given to understand that in America
majorities must rule, and that the vast majority of Am
ericans demanded action.
The popular outburst electrified the senate and stiffen
ed the courage of the president. The senate immediately
proceeded to abolish its "unanimous consent" rule and
place congress in position to express fie popular will.
The president decided to give expression, without further
delay or legal hair-splitting, to the clear edict of the
nation, and provide our merchant .fdiips with the means
of defense. Washington "cleared for action." New lit
was infused into every department of government. Pre
parations began in earnest for the conflict which few
Americans want but most Americans now believe in
evitable. There will be nc more dodging and shufTling at Wash
iDgton. The people have spoken.
i 7 ::v.." Tl U
Stale Hi luade
j
The Salt River Valley Water Users
Association is taking active steps to
ward early action on fie proposal
mado by Secretary Lane of the depart
nient of the interior that the project
Ke turned nvr to te association, at
EXiCAN YOUTH IS BiG SURETY COMPANY
STABBED TO DEATH HEDGES ASSISTANCE
Victim of Knife Weilders Runs TO BELGIAN RELIEF
Twenty Feet, Then Falls;!
n - - j r I T
KNAPP'S MURDERER
BELIEVED CAPTURED
BY DOUGLAS OFFICERS
Provost Guards Run Up Fourteen Thousand Employes Yaqui Nabbed On Serious
And Find Kim Dead. of Big Corporation Enrolled Charge Waive Preliminary
as oiunteers by the Rockv
(Special to The Review) i ..., fU
DOUGLAS. Mar. I7.-An unidenti- -fountain Uub.
the earliest risible . datj- An elec fied Mexiran, about op years of age,
ion will bo held w.chm the neNt l .r w Btabbeil t0 dealh a )0t elsh taill l lub in rai.sing a fund forhe re.
iv nrvs lur i-e minis'- ui yV- wins o'clock tonignt we6l or me rauroao. nj
tne proposeu agreement, wu-rriiy i.jc crossing on Ninth street.- provost
"' "S"n tv"'fe1'-es wi'l take over , ,r,ns heard loud voices and, believ--"'ministr'tion
of te proiect and ins, a n. was jn progress, rn o
KEEPING A TREATY.
Herr Zinimermann, the German foreign secretary, com
menting on the possibility of war with the United States
remarks that the treaty of 1799 is still in force, antr-adds:
"I hope the Americans will keep it. TlJe eventuality
of war is provided for in that treaty, and if America
places itself on the standpoint cf international law it
cannot confiscate ships lying in American ports."
This is extremely interesting, in view of the fact that
the treaty of 1799, renewed and amended in 1828, also
guarantees safety to ships of either Germany or the I'nit
td States when sailing the seas in peace or war. It pro
vides that when one of the contracting nations is at war,
the ships of the other nation may not be destroyed at
sea, even if they carry contraband. We might para-'
phrase Herr Zimmtrmann's utterance, as follows:
"The eventuality of peace is provided in this treaty,
tnd if Germany places itself on the standpoint of int?r
national law or on the standpoint of this mutual contract,
it cannot destroy American bhips at sea."
But this, of course, would be looking at the matter too
broadly. Obviously, from, the Berlin standpoint, fie
treaty is only binding on the United States, no treaty
is binding on Germany and no law, except the law of
"military necessity."
DOING THEIR BIT.
It is to be "Ameiica first" now with our shipyards. A
recent law empowers the government to seize private
shipyards in emergency, but such a drastic step will not
be necessary. Conferences between the secretary of thr
navy and representatives of the shipbuilding interest?
have revealed a genuinely patriotic and unselfish disposi
tion on the part of the latter.
, The builders .ave promised to give precedence to gov
pigment orders, to expedite work on the destroyers and
other small, speedy vessels so greatly needed by ou
navy. They will sidetrack, fcr the present, vessels they
are building for private interests and foreign gover
ments. More impressive still, they agree to forego the
20 to 30 per cent profit they have been making on such
orders, and to do the government work at a minimum
profit of 10 per cent.
Our shipbuilders 'iave been much abused as a grasping
and unpatriotic lot of men. If this estimate was ever
deserved, it is deserved no lunger. When the test ha
come, they have shown themselves genuine Americans'
willing to "do their bit." There is no indication that anv
other group of American business men will act otherwise
when their turn comes.
ALTERED CALIFORNI ANS.
Californians have changed. There seems to have been
a time when tbv wished to conceal the glories of their
climate and he richness of their laud. It's hard to be
lieve, but t;ie fai t stands recorded in Nathaniel Dwight's
"Geography of the World."
In that excellent volume, the. author says of fali
fornians: "They do not care to publish the natural ad
vantages of their country, lest other nations hhould be
induced to visit it." That was more than a century ago,
however. It probably was true in 179r, when the Geo
graphy of the World was published in Hartford, Conn.
The people of t'alofornia were unable to conceal the
marvels of their country, so they philosophic ally fell to
praising it to the skies, loiter it ceased to be a Terrible
. . - .. .A ..:..; it " fiirt li,.ritifire.
thing lor oiner uauons iu nn
this is a day of advertising. No invasion of tourists,
hwwever, nunx-rous. can discourage Californians today.
A HISTORIC FAILURE
The death of Count Zeppelin has served to emphasize
one of the great disillusionments of the German people
during this war. The Count s death is said to have beer
hastened by disappointment over the failure of his air
craft to accomplish the work expected of it.
The Zeppelins were counted on by Germany, as mucr
as any other branch of her military establishment, to wir
the war. The nation believed in them. The Kaise
heaped .honors on the inventor's head. Early operatior'
against France and England buoyed up German hope:-
It was felt that in these powerful airships the Fatherlan '
had a weapon which, along with the U-boats, would dr
feat the great British sea power.
So began the picturesque and now historic aerial cam
paign against England. Frightfulness by air was joiue
with frightfulness by sea. The latter iias survived up t
the present. The former has been in abeyance for sev
eral months, and from all appearances has been definite J
ly discarded.
St.nie hundreds of persons have been tdain. and thou
sands wounded, by the Zeppelin operations. But nearly
all of them have been noncombatants. Worse still, from
ither a humanitarian or a military point of view, the
big mapority have been women and children. Such a
mode of warfare, naturally, could accomplish nothing of
advantage against any nation or spirit. Every attack,
instead of scaring the British nation, moved it to a white
heat of wrath, and for every victim of a Zeppelin bomb
a thousand volunteers sprung up to wreak revenge.
No less unfortunate for Germany was the effect pro
duced ou neutral nations. The nocturnal bombardment
of defenseless 'cities and peaceful communities was de
nounced the world over as mere scientific savagery. And,
at last, the truth seems to have downed even on the
German government. The strategic uumagc had been,
on the whole, negligible.
Tbo attacks were discoutinued. and mention of the
Zeppelins disappeared fro mthe dispatches. Germany
concentrated her "frightfulness" in the new suomarinc
campaign against the shipping of the whole world. And
fiom resent indications, that too is doomed to failure.
LATIN AMERICAN CO OPERATION
President Wilson is said to le making an earnest effort
to enlist the co-operation of all lit in-America in resist
ing -German aggression on this hemisphere. There
......., risim wliv such a noli' V should be pursued
time.
If it succeeds, it ill menu, first of all, a greater d
gxw (j fcty Jur tin: Unity St'!t;s li -'a; t r J mvlh-j-l-." Uj dv;s not spvak.
Is
t Ihi:,
UN -oliMPLE PHONETICS
J'.i-.l how simple simplified spelling really umy he i
i hv ti'.- :hm :: r.Li ion of a si.cKin'-' Vi-"t imer that
no tv.o ! fiple, us a n. exactly alikj. II 'plion
..;.. ,i, i,i.iwli iinim r'!i-nt:i: sounds of su.-'di. who is
I toini: to unifv those articulate sounds??
This reform cniliusiasl goes cn to say with marvelous
st.Tcnily that 'ie lias studied "tiv,- of. the most prominent
methods" and talit, although four of t'.icm had much in
common, the fifth was so different from all Hie other
as to he "unintelligible to those acquainted with olli-r
svsUins- of phonetics." 11 had to be "learnt and mas
tercd" before it would be used. Of the less "prominent
'airxr for t,," '"St !p t-1 'vr -V
- s fl-pt in t-r rT-pm-it v t
fi ?o'pryTntnt. Secretary Ur.ne has
"STe"d to a reduction fn the cost by
t. rtoritiction of ?32.408.63 or a re
''nctinn of ' cost ne Jicr fro"i $60
tu ?56. Power now beins developed
v te plants at te Poovelt dam
-nd bv smaller units will be turned
ovr to te water users, and the rev- J
nue derived therefrom will be used
nvin t. cost I Is estimated
tsnt t"e reven'i from nower sals for j
h net four top's wi'l p 8"lTicI"n
- mr-ot the chorees wHc must be
-H bv tbe wnter iists. After the
"s'l - As t' ey n are I t e eioss
t y saw t" e Me::! rn r :n : t: t
n y fa t rn:! then fill T'r.ey r :s'i
ed up, tut te youth had evidently
:ied n few moi.nuta after he fell. No
!n to tve identity of his assailants
mild be found.
ELECTION BOARD
Examination; Footprints
Lead to Capture. -
(Special to The Review)
DOUGLAS. Mar. 17. Quick work
Bclsian sufferers is arousing hv Sheriff Harrv Wheoler and his deD
lauch inu-rest and co-operation, is utie8 resulted toda, in the arrest of
pi'jven bthe following telegram re- Rai,hazar Weno. a Tamil, who is
suspected of having murdered 'John
ceived recently by James S. Douglas,
a .niuL,er of the co.umittee in charge
of the iloo.er Fund for Belgium Re
l.ef iro:u Nir. lierfcert Wall, secretary
of the Uoeky Mountain club:
"J. S. Douglas,
"Dousias, Ariz.
"A striking example of wide-spread
interest in the work of Rocky Moun
tain Club llo'jver Fund for Relief of
Knapp, a bootlegger, who was stabb
ed to death at Acacia Siding, seven
niiies east of here, early Thursday
morning.
Immediately after hearing of the
crime Sheriff Wheeler went to Rodeo
to learn whether or not Knapp left
the New Mexican town alone. He
Continued from fane 3)
-s th" on'y person in the
oore s'.id.
room,
Belgium has been the enlisting of j rneA, it is claimed, that Loreno
fourteen thousand volunteers con-! was ln ru,aeo l lnw 5BU,e lu1
nected with the National Surety com-! Knapp was; that Loreno purchased a
pany. of New York. Edward H. Clark. case ot whiskey and a coil of rope
and that an American showed bim
how to tie up a blanket roll in which
chairman, general committee, has re-
reivpil a telp?ra:ii flatpri I.n AtippIpr
Moore stated trat he saw u-.at tne Caif f from william B Joyce. ipresl-1 whiskey could be carried. Wheeler
Minor was getting the best of Pc?r- Jcnt Nationai SxlTeiy Co., who is a I claims that Loreno got on the same
son about midnight and thinking member of the club: v ' freight train leaving Rodeo that
,Tctving to eat and fresh air would -you are authorized to announce! Knapp did, and that Loreno got off
'err vn Ms br.iin. Moore asked Tear- lhat services of about fourteen thou-! the train about 100 yards beyond Aca-
m to go out to l inch with him. They anj representatives of this company ' cia Siding, where Knapp got off.
""nt across te street and durini the nave volunteered to co-operate with '
-it "core siJ-I Tenrson contracted Und. r d.rettiun of Rocky Moun- the United States was unable to Join,
several be-s. r"markinq once or twite tain Club t'ommittee in its laudable1 as Mexico had proposed, in a combi-
" -t "if H'ir.t loses I am a ruined A 0rk to aid in relief of the noble Bel- J nation with neutral powers to the
man" Other bets were made over ian people so sorely stricken. There ! belligerents, to bring the war to an
f-e telephone, Moore said.
Afternoon Session
. . i. w . u n ... 1 ; ; n ma.i-
N H. Guise, assistant supply clerk doubtedly would urge its representa- j trals, because the President already
in the C. & A. smelter, testified that tives all over America to likewise c, had made such a proposal and one of
e. w?8 appointed by the repub'iean operate with your committee. Let us the belligerents had simply increased
- -rt-ttt-e to tve election board in know if you can use our organization, its efforts.
. . -j t,,,t wcn he anpeired Successto you. j The note added, however, that the
vP po'ls in fie morning he -was
'old by Pearson that there already
"as a full hoard.
"Perhaps if you go around to some
' ta oter nreeinctg you may be
"tie to pet a position as clerk." Pear-
- totd vim. Guise remarked that
n'r!wlv had one iob and was not
fn'r vears f" n'vmenfs ir""easp
f-nm two nercent to four percent
fr"ii b'n-jo in tp sand pnd
- yiorr the Tuesno PataeoniT road
f ' vfiR b-n -r-d o e1 to trt si--rjof
cn'Tf of Piti Cr'J! O'lntv bv
""eriff Farbnrt. Tt'e sheriff declares
nt 'b wi'l abort Iv die 'in S7 me
of ljnivn wir ba'e ben con
""flied in a similar manner Tb own
- of th lioimr th"s seized have not
-it in sn appearance.
Tat t rent ('eisinn of t1" 'n
orTt eomm'-re roni"ission in ts"
-matter nf eliminating watr comneti
ion in the construction of fanscpt'
ntaV rates is ti most tmnortant de--iion
of that body in vears so far as
-ifon ts concerned, is tt.p i i',.?
'n nf f' ir-n V A .'oe! of ht
'-'in' corortiop commission. Tbo
-se orieinated in Phoenix nine years
-"-o whr-n te Maricopa, countv eom-i-ri'"'
club. fi'Hl comnlaint aeainst
. r'nsoontinental njlronds s'vi""
ve citv. charcine discrimination and
"n'ust cbaraes. The first cae was
ited by Jones acting as secretary of
"-o cotnniorcial club, and was follow
' sbort'v bv the Sookan" and Rctjo
sos. The cpsp as been before tlie
-frript0 fnirinjorcp con,Tission i
nf ti's in oe fotrr't eo"rfs
'-f'uHinn- tve supreme coirt of f'e
fTnited States, and in coneress. "It
!s nn of the bissest things that ever
happened for Arizona." said Chairman
Tons in discussing the decision. "It
means probably an entire rpsdjusf
nent of the rate schedule to the coast
'""finals ainn? the very lines we
-vo been urging "
Arrangements for sending n trial
-viTiert of carborate ore to the Hum
o'Ht Bmelter have been niHde by tbe
Dundee-Arizona conper comnany. and
'f t" ore is satisfactorv regular sliip
",ents of te ore wi'l be made bero
tr Tt'e romnanv has o'-er 1.n0"
n of te con'omorptp w on t'-p
" " 't " " iwppn8fl torjnacro jft p
"t"'vt in to s'irfaep wor'-'ns. so (Vt
' -"en's cn bo cont'ned indefi--stolv
if mar'-pf can bo fl'T!' 'or
nrp To rmin suaft o t,o
"tv j nOW 4f0 fpof tpo nri'' '
-r.f--H to ginv to a dorith of 1,000
.-tt- to nrncpt eotno-'ent K i'
-vo"'d be nocessary.
ni"inso bov of v-ra',iiim-''ol''
bas been encountered in the de
'onment of te Rav BroVen ' H'1'
"inp p iiip so'Mii of r.-re Te or"
-ssavs igh in eo'd. vith sood values
'- vnndjum, pnd carries small val--i
in load .anl silvpr Te ore body
hopn on"ned jin for n distance of
" fet and to a height of thirty feet
't a"eraes six fet in wlrtff Te o-o
as eneoontered on tt'e liBnein; wall
of a huee iron-eold deposit that ire
-oninanv was already preparing to
-''In from, and is considered by geo'o--!,
g ono r,f tt,e nios llliDort"iit de---
-"nts Tdo recently in this dis
trict. "Ionia Chavez. m" of the two nr-n
bo. two wees aso. attacKed Chris
Us"tussen and buried bim alive near
H'imbolrit, was identified bv Kasmus
sen at tlie Humboldt hospital when
Chavez was brought before him. Cba
ez " caintains that his companion.
Salazar, was the perpetrator, of the
crime. Salazar is still at liberty, al
though posses have been searching
for him in Yavapai ami Maricopa
counties.
NINE TEX ANS SWEPT
TO DEATH IN LAUNCH.
ARANSAS PASS, Tex. .March.
17. The launch Hettha. carry-
ing nine men bike away from
the tug Chirl. during a norther-
ly gale Friday night and is be-
lieved to have sunk with all
hands. A coast guard ciiitT re-
turned today Ironi a Iruitless
search for reckawe.
TUPELO, Miss., .March 17.
: Several houses were demolished
mwl mil. lu.rftn it !i c I. ill,-, I ill a !'' Hiel'WlIK
llu iimn- i-.i'eit iciTj. aim .hi. .-vnm-m.
.: . i1i'v of i; II. Sol hern, assisted his
'uncle in shakesperian lucductioiis lor
J ;" eu years
1 ' I
are many corporations situated more end and either through their own ef
or less similar to this one who un
"'(Signed) WILLIAM B. JOYCE.
" 'President.'
CARRANZA TAKES
NEUTRAL STAND
United States would put no obstacle
in the way of neutrals in their efforts
. to ohtntn npnrA 13 nmrmKpd in Ihp
Mexican proposition. The tone of the 1
j note is regarded as most pleasing by '
Mexican officials. It is believed here
icat me nature 01 ine .Mexican maie
nient indicates that a determined ef- 1
J fort will be made to bring about a
j consolidation with South and Central
American countries, which would nul-
m
n Pi
of the good service rendered by the Miners
& Merchants Bank is the steady increase
in deposits.
Your account, subject to check is cor
dially invited.
a-tictilarly anxious to serve but bad
n sent there by the republican (Continued From Page One)
"ornmifee. Pearson said the same He here at tlie same time as the Mex-
board which served at the primaries ican statement. It said in effect that lify the efforts of any belligerent
would be in charge, claiming that this
was the customary procedure. Guise
left and after notifying the republican
officials of the reception accon'ed
'-iii at the noils, he left for the smelt
"t. and did not attempt to force his
-rn.nei or) te boe.rd.
H. K. Pickett, an attorney of Do'ig
'as. took f'e stand and tes'ifi-d that
'o saw Pearson taking the ballots out
of the box one at a time and glancing
carefully at each one. Some of them
o handed over to Hart who was call
ing them off, and others he laid on the
'able in front of bim or over the edse
of the ballot box and frequently re-'"r-ed
to them. Ho said ho did not
""e Pearson tamper with any of the
allots but- claimed there were sever
al obstructions in the way which pre
onted him getting a clear view of liis
"Movements.
Frank Clark testified that when be
as in te room Hart was takiti tbe
1' "o's from tHe box and Pei'sm cill-
tpot off H assert.'d thPt Hart
no "H oo-tojn ballots aside but ?p
"-ertlv Hji riot tiimper with them.
W. S. Kiiby, tief of po'ice at Doug
oKifiH aH o to sohrietv of
"earson, clainiintr tbat in his opinion
o election offi-i-il was i"toxi at d
'- a'so said f'at he heF.rd P.earson
oi.aVing bets over t'e te'ept-t.U'.'.
fjpT dially invited. jK
and one person a
windstorm that swept
try ImUku Tupelo a, id Vcioli.i
last night.
"ROMEO AND JULfET"
METRO FEATURE GOMES
MONDAY TO OBPHEUM
Francis X. Bushman And Bev
erly Bayne Play Le&din3
Roles in Super Production
at the Orpheum Two Days.
The epoch-making screen production
of "Komco and Juliet." which ap
pears continuously at the Orpheum
Monday and Tuesday, with Francis X.
Bushman as 'Romeo" and beautiful
Beverly Bayue as "Juliet", is present
ed to the public with the fullest con
fidence as to its reception. Over three
months were consumed in the actual
w'Jik of photography, and the cost of
production amounted to upwards of
j'.T.n.OOO. Not even in tho lavish stage
productions made by such wizards Vf
stagecraft as Henry Irving and Klch
aid Mansfield has such magnificence
been dreamed of, much less attempted.
The costumes alone cost $:'.'-.0n!. and
the reproduction f the market-place
or mediaeval Verona, with its eighteen
buildings, meant, an outlay of ""0
more.
Director-iii-chier John V. Noble, and
the star. Frsiucis X. Bushman, super
vised the production. Their assistant
direitors were Ldward .1. Shultcr,
technical director. i;daid UKiht,
Rudolph lie Cordova (Shakespearian
;tuvi.-cr). Leaudt-r lie ConPiva. Ivl
ward l.ewser and Harry Sot hers. Mr.
Eisner has acted as Ktage manager t"
all the greatest stars ot the present
Saiali I'eriihaidt and
lie-
jm AND
Tlie time and energy of the entire force
of this Bank is devoted to caring for the
business you entrust to us and furnish
ing a banking service that is complete and
satisfactory m every detail.
Bank with us.
V
2G
With Money
That's the way wealth has been gained ever since the
world started.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is making money for you with the four per cent
interest which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT
GROW!
Citizens Bank & Trust Company
Blab. Arizona
C A. McDonald. Caahlar.
C. W. Wolf. Aesistant Caahlr.
! m 'j uf 9 mi m ' m ni'm
Main Street
Will E. McKee, President THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 18, 1917.
FIVE
A
A.
PARENT TEACHERS BABY WELFARE WORK
ASSOCIATION HOLDS WILL BE CONTINUED
BIG JOINT MEETING
"Better Babies Wpok" in PLiboe was
concluded yesterday afternoon with a
,big "baby meeting" at the Eagles
re. Dr. E. A. Roome, a new pny-
Oetiv-
John M. Rosa Urges Everyone Wat
to Vote For School Bonds' 8"-ian in the Warren District
at Election March 24; Work' '"T IZJT
of Organization Praised.
The first meeting of the Federation
of Parent-Teachers' association was
illUSiritieU Willi BLIUCS lUlUWUCU UJ
tne labor bureau at Washington, D. C.
The winners of the baby contest con
ducted at the High School Wednesday
held in the auditorium of the Bisbee , ment Qf ,he Xwentieth century Club,
high school Monday evening March j wm i!ltroduced b R fiann.
12. Rev. H S. Brewster presided and and n)edalg ribbf)ns ntefl lo
introduced Mr. Abu M. Ross, mem- , Spaulaing. super-
MOTOR TRANSIT CO. '
BETS FIHST TWO OF
FOUR WINTOH SIX'S
Local Company Will Inaugur
ate Stage Lane on April 1
between ttiSDee and Smelt
er vity. liourly Service in
V iew.
address on the needs of the schools
In the district Incidentally he spoke
of the utilization of the money de
rived from the last bond issue, of the
imperative need Tor the growing de
mands of the district, of the issue of
$100,000 additional bonds to be voted
on at the Central school on March 24
and urged his hearers to vote without
fail at that election. He strongly com
mended the w'ork being accomplished
by the Parent-Teachers' organization,
v saying that one of the urgent needs
of the district is greater co-operation
by the parents. Mr. Ross was listened
to attentively and earned the gratitude
of the federation by his clear exposi
tion of the subject
The chairman called for a report
from the different 'organizations, which
was responded to by Mrs. Cobb, of
Lincoln, Mr. Potter of Central, Miss
Engelder of Warren, and Mrs. A. S.
Sinclair or Lowell. All reported grow
inging memberships and practical
work accomplished.
The report of the promulgating com
mittee was read by Miss Newman,
after which the chairman called for
nominations from the floor. A motion
was made to make the nominations as
read unanimous, which was done, re
sulting in the foTowing: Mr. Brewster,
of Lincoln, president; Miss Gregg, of
Central vice president; Mrs. Kinsella,
of Lowell, secretary, and Mrs. Knapp,
of Warren, treasurer.
The, officers will be assisted by an
executive committee of one member
and one teacher from each organ iza
tion., ,,
With the arrival of two elegantly
appointed Winton Twin "Six"' auto
nomies, the first of the carrying equip
ment of the Motor Transit Company
uas arruea. Witnin tne next tew
uays two 'mote Wintons will arrive
uom tne factory and service between
Bisbee and Douglas will be inauguiat-
BALLOT BOXWILL BE PLACED IB
BANKOFBISBEE TOMORROW NOON
COACHING FOOTBALL
FROM SIDE LINES IS !
BARRED THIS FALL
PRIMITIVE NATURE
SHOWN IN PICTURE
. rivj r ji I ' y Revie" Leased Wire)
Twelve of the Review s Seventeen Candidates Registered Last new york. March it. New regu
Nizht With a Sou-it That Soells a Finished Battle For Bal- lations to curb the coaching from the
lots. All Are Close Enough to be first fnze Winners.
'April," an Idyll of Old Ken
tucky is Feature at tne
Eagle Theatre Today.
The Review's Contest, the close
ness of it, is much like the story that
the contest editor heard told by that
local genial comedian and "Primrose"
ot Risbee, George E. Kellogg, at the
750 votes for three months FOR NEW
SUBSCRIPTIONS.
No more subscriptions will be re
ceived by the Review's Contest De
partment All subscriptions secured
by the candidates during this coming
In the tense, dramatic picturizaliun
of the hates and the loves of the sim
ple mountain folks, the Mutual Mas-
side lines and picking of the field
goal from the multiply kick formation
ar tho nil t t nrt in rr foatnrou tt thf
. , i ... i k .i . . ' terpiece, De Luxe Edition. "April."
I ball ruies committee for' the 1917 sea-' whit h ap,,ears loday at th Eas1"'
: a winch was written by Clifford How-
I a" nhtif.t niUv.r ni,rin, th 1 arJ and directed by Donald McDonald
intendent of the contest. A report on
tne contest was read by Mrs. Harry
Anaerson.
It is the plan of the club to conttn- ea about April 1.
ue the baby welfare work, so great i r'rann (iallegher is the manager of
was the success of the contest and the new company. He is an expert au-
the meeting yesterday. Various phy
sicians will deliver lectures before the
club members and their friends about
every two weeks. The first lecture
will be given soon by Dr. U. B. Dur-fee.
LOCAL MILK IS
GETTING BETTER
recent minstrel show. "Three horses j week of the contest must be held by
were entered in the race," he exclaim j them and on the last night of the con
ed. "My horse was "Bad News.'jtest placed in a sealed envelope and
When they reached the half mile post ' deposited in the ballot box. Full de
they were neck and neck; when they , tails for this and the closing rules of
reached the three quarter post it was I the contest will be explained on Tues
eai; and ear; at the finish they were day morning in the Review,
nose and nose my horse won!" How' The ballot box will be locked and
cou!d it be possible for your horse to sealed on Monday noon and placed in
win if they finished nose and nose? j the Bank of Bisbee for safe keeping
asked the interlocutor. "Bad News , until one hour previous to the close
stuck out his tongue," shouted George ! of the contest next Saturday night, at
The candidates, with the exception , which time it will be brought to the
of five, came in with their receipt j Y. M. C. A. for the candidates to de
books with equal determination that j posit their final week's subscriptions.
pany proposed to maintain hourly ser- each had gained a distinctive lead; All subscriptions votes receivea oy
vice between the two big towns of Co- their work showed that they had been , the candidates will be placed in the
player entering the
game must not speak to any other
player on the field until atter tne ball
has been put into play; in case any ,
Ilelene Kosson. the favorite of the
American (.Mutual) company has the
most wonderful opportunity of hier
lomooile man and engineer and in
tenus to establish an automobile ser
vice between Bisbee and tne Smelter
City which will be equalled by none,
'the Motor Transit Company also will
be the local agents for the Winton
automobiles.
The preliminary plans of the corn-
change in the positions of the players motion picture career. She seizes hr
is necessary the incoming substitute : opportunity with eager response, and
must Rive information through the the result is that the character April
referee. In case the substitute takes which she interprets is full of delight
the place of tne player giving signals ful surprises and whimsicalities,
he may give the signals for the next; In support of Miss Rosson in the
play, but can ij t speak to any player : charming role of a mountain sirl who
until after the ball is put into play, uoes not know her real parentage or
Local dairy milk is getting better as
the following weekly analyses report
ed by Dr. R. B. Durfee, city and coun-1
ty bacteriologist, will show:
CLASS A. B. Fat Baet Fluid '
Kirkland .'. 5.4 4,000 84. S4
Tomb. Canyon .. 4.7 16.000 S6.18 j
Medigovich and I
Gregovich 4.2 60.000 85.7S 1
San Jose .'4 0 5,000 S6.S2 .
Stark 3.9 S5.000 S6.97 1
Wohlschlagel 3.S 7.000 S7.51
H. Hcssan 3.5 6,000 87.37
Pure 'Milk Depot ..3.5 30.000 87.75'
CLASS B j
Warren Ranch ... 5.2 5,000 88.43
CLASS C. '
Standard 2.7 250,000 8S.5S I
chise county. The route will start at
the Copper Queen Hotel, in Bisbee,
turough Warren and will end at the
Gadsden Hotel in Douglas. The re
turn trip will be made over the same
route.
MANY EVANGELIST
SERVICES TODAY
n ih inh anH fhat each nf the final ballot box tomorrow noon to be re-
hours of the final big schedule were ! counted when the box is opened next
put to good use, and all are ready for Saturday night.
the final clip and eager to win no mat- j The thing for each candidate to do
ter how close the race may be. j is to devote as much time as possible
The new and last vote schedule of- j to vote gathering this week; you are
fers plenty of opportunity to make all close enough to be first winners
your totals poll higher; 13,000 votes and the most energetic during the
for two years, 5,000 votes for one final stretch is quite sure to be declar
year; 2,000 votes for six months and ed the winner.
GWATHMEY WINS AT GOLF
SAX ANTONIO. Mar. 17. Gains
Gwathmey of New York won the first
annual tourist gold tournament com
pleted today on the municipal course
in Breckenridge Park. He defeated
George- P. McLaughlin of St. Louis 3
and 2.
Illinois
ILLINOIS BASKETBALL
FIVE WINS U
CHICAGO, Mar. 17. The
Athletic Club team of Chicago won
the national A. A. U. basket ball cham
pionship here tonight, defeating the
Brigham Young University team of
I'rovo, I'tah, 27 to 14.
At 9:45 o'clock this morning Sun
day Schools will meet at the usual I
places, dismissing early that all may
reach the Presibyterian church for
the Union Service at 10:45, which will
be conducted by Dr." Hart.
In the afternoon there will be two
special services, one for men at the
Y. M. C. A. at 2:30 and the other for
women at the Fresbyterian church at
3 p. m. At six o'clock there will be
S. TITLE la union Young rVonles' service at the
Methodist church and at 7:00 a big
mass meeting at the Presbyterian
. church. Mr. Hart will preach both
morning and evening, and Mr. Magan
will lead the great chorus choir in
I the song service.
STRIKE IS AVERTED
CONFERENCE MONDAY
Australian Senate. 2S to 2, adopted J More than 400 Germans hve ob
resoluton calling for home rule foritained passports from Mexican con
Ireland "without undue delay." I sulate general in New York this week.
;SS FaifList Prices '
Fair Treatment Knows Ho Sizs
si
IS
m. tarn . at.
YREA3 TI
V
i
n
i
GOODRICH'S FAIR TREATMENT
backs up Goodrich Tires, big and
small, with the same fairness to all.
' Either the tire, whatever its size,,
makes good the Goodrich pledge,
or Goodrich wants it back to
square its shortcomings.
Goodrich workmanship turns
forth tires, little and big, with the
same watchful pride and honor.
All are the best fabric tires that
KiJ tit
6 . -v-.-'T. 'w?
IV.-yi'
7-
km
mix
mm
urn m
They arc equally obligated $-$7 0' ;
to fulfill the high standard of
service Goodrich ssts for its
tires.
You take no chance with SIZE or
i l iriirwLT loii- in auoouricn i ire. bi-v
The B. F. Goodrich Company
AKRON, OHIO '
mSE.
z:WrZZ?rl?. Jj&esirk thraxig Ji-zzzi-" Z2ZV&?y?
TEXTAN is a fibre solc
NOT rubber. klt i! water
proof, stub-proof, flexible,
iitatcbcs your sbocs pcr
fecily and outwears any
lcaihtr sflc you ever
wore. Abk your dealer.
K -
1 r. r a - JLt. - S xri'1 J
h GOODHLCli Sole
Th3 C. F.
Good ri en
Co i ijtany
AUron, Ohio
Mr .til.
I
I
t
'l
WE SELL GOODRICH TIRES
BISBEE AUTO CO.
(The Pioneer Garage)
(Continued From Page One)
was to determine the attitude of the
brotherhoods and the railroads in the
event of the AdanibVm law not being
upheld by the supreme court In
quarters close to both factions it was
said that a tentative agreement al
ready had been reached and that the
conference would be held to settle the
details.
Immediately the announcement this
afternoon that the strike had been
postponed the brotherhood conferees
denied themselves to everyone say
ing they would have no statements to
make and that any information con
cerning the negotiations would have
to come from Secretary Lane. Later,
however. Warren S. Stone, head of
the engineers, said:
"The situation is unchanged. As
reasonable men, we did not wish I'j
ily in the fare of the President's ad
isors and when they requested a
postponement of'the strike for 48
hours,' we made the concession to en
able them to work out their plans.
Unless something intervenes, the situ
ation will be the same Monday night
as it would have been at 7 'o'clock to
night." After the statement several hours
later by Mr. Lee, an effort was made
to see Secretary Lane, but it was said
he had retired for the night and did
not wish to be disturbed. When the
conference ended tonight he an
nounced that he had no statement to
make and would have none before to
morrow. Whether the supreme court, a
whose course future movements in the
controversy will hinge, will deliver a
uecision Monday on the Adamson law
remains purely speculative. Before
the present situation arose there were
indications that a decision might be
imminent, but the court's intentions
never are authoritatively forccastcl.
its deliberations in chambers when a
decision will be announced and what
the decision will be, are matters
which by tradition as old as the
court itself never are revealed.
Steps discussed tonight as possible
in case of a strike included the calling
out of the national guard to protect
trains carrying mails and food sup
plies. Whether it would be possible
10 seek receivership Xf the roads t
enuble the government to control and
operate them also was under tentative
consideration. Oilicials emphasized,
however, that' any decision on these
suggestions must be postponed uiifv.
the result of tlm New York confer
ence is known.
Speculation among oilicials touight
revealed an opinion about evcntly
divided on the possibility of a deci
sion from supreme court on Monday
on the Adamson law.
From the fast that attorneys foi
both sides asked for an early decision
and that twi decision days v.liin an
opinion was expected already have
passed, sonic legal authorities tn-lii v
it will not again be deferred. On lh
other hand stands the well known
should be put In tuc attitude of ap
pearing to act under any jort ri
'conviction of sonic of the justices thai
Hie nation's greatest tribunal nccr
duress.
Some ciVsc observers of siip' i in
court procedure believe that this lat
ter consideration alone might opera) e
to withhold a decision Monday even
if one hail been prepared for an
nouncement. Today the justices held their Usual
conference to prepare opinions.
Col. l'ioscclt h.is "adopted"
PclU.m children until end ol the war
lv contributing to prowilo cadi inui
Citizens Training
Camps In June to
Draw Thousands
(By iteview Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON', Mar. 17. Every
encouragement is being given by the
government to the movement to train
citizen soldiers in civilian camps.
Secretary Baker today told Arthur L.
Farewell, M. C. McRutter and Whar
nn flov nf f'liicaim. renresentine the
iii.;U.n u.ltinn of the cen- I second period at
tral department that he was in com-1
. . . j.u . 1. ! Kt,vn.,co t r ST.
pieie sympainy un incu j
establish summer camps in the west I
and would follow the recommendation ,
of Major General Barry, the depart-;
ment commander, with reference to
the locations. Allotment of war de
partment funds already has been
made for these camps. i
'Ihe penalty for a violation of these
rules is the loss of 15 yards.
The order that the present rule may
not work a hardship it is discretion
ary with the referee whether or not
penalty shall be imposed when the in
coming substitute fails to report.
It was further ruled that a goal
trom the held can Vnly bo scored by
a place kick or a drop kick, and the
tact was emphasized that a place
kick was made with the ball resting
upon the ground, which would appear
to bar the use of multiple kick forma
tion as now In vogue, as tHe ball is
held suspended a few inches above the
ground witen kicked. The use of
artificial tees for a kick off at the be
ginning of periods aUJ was barred.
Other changes include the giving of
the ball to the offended side where
there is illegal interference with the
player receiving a forward pass at the
point where the foul is committed. In
case the foul is committed behind the
goal line, the ball goes to the offended
team on the one yard line. A penalty
of five yards will be imposed in the
future l'jr running into the kicker, and
15 yards and disqualification for
roughing: the penalties to be imposed
frnm the point where the ball was put
into play.
The referee also is empowered to
permit the substitution of a new ball
in play on a wet field at the end of the
his discretion.
PATRICK'S DAY PASSES
QUIETLY IN DUBLAN
Dl'BLAX. Mar. 17 St. Patrick's
Day passed quietly in Dublin. Many
tountiy people came into town but
there were no processions. The
church services were largely attended.
position in life are E. Forest Taylor
as a young poet of rising fame. Harry
on Meter as a gaunt mountaineer.
Louise Lester as his wife, Charles
Newton, Al Fordyce, Marie Van Tas
sell, Harry McCabe and Nelle Widen.
It took weeks for Director MacDon
ald to produce "April." There was so
much atmosphere, so much color,
such thrilling situations, such wonder
ful character possibility in this drama
that the greatest care had to be taken
.n Its every detail.
The mountains back of Santa Bar
bara temporarily became part of the
beautiful Cumberlands to give the
right atmosphere and setting for the
story of "poor white trash." A cabin
with its lofty eaves, typical of the
homes of the mountaineers, had to he
constructed espe ially for the picture
and set in a background of wild beau
ty. Excellent contrast and character
study is offered by the various types
portrayed. There is April, the dreamy
wisp-like wild flower of the mountains'
the crude mountaineer and his wife,
the cruel, hateful primitive lover in
contrast to the sophisticated blue
bloods who visit them in their wildernesses.
A Bilious Attack.
When you have a bil.'ous attack
your liver fails to perform its funct
ions. You become constipated. The
food you eat ferments in your stomach
instead of digesting. This inflames the
stomach and causes nausea, vomiting
and a terrible headache. Take Cham
berlain's Tablets. They will tone up
your liver. c'an Vmt your stomach and
you will soon be as well as eer. They
only cost a q-iarter. Advertisement.
wudeSak
" a ( a I A d I S2
More Power at Less Cost
Both Series "18" Studebaker
FOUR and Series "!8" Studebak
er SIX are noted for their great
power, and especially their great
power in ratio to their very low
consumption of gasoline.
It has taken Studebaker four
years to improve, refine and per
fect the wonderful Studekaber mo
tor. It has been solved through
the experience of 350,000 cars m
the hands of owners. It is only,
through an evolution like this, that
perfection of power in ratio to fuel
consumption can possibly be de
veloped. There are no secret processes;
no basic patents; no features of de
sign that are unknown or prohibit
ed by patents. The Engineer can
use what he wishes, but he can
oniy know how to use the best fea
tures by continually improving, re
fining and perfecting through the
experience of a motor in actual ser
vice. This is why Studebaker can
truthfully claim that the design of
its motor is unsurpassed in simplic
ity, accessibility and power. Bv
the refinement of reciprocatinc:
parts, vibration has been reduced
to an almost unobservable minimum.
I he bearing areas or the motor
have been enlarged and increased,
giving greater durability, more
strength, still further insuring
smooth, vibrationless operation.
But you cannot appreciate the
splendid POW ER of the Stude
baker car until you TRY it.
FOUR-CYLINDER MODELS
FOUR Chassis .- - - 881
FOUR Roadster - - 985
FOUR Touring Car - 9dj
FOUR Landau Roadster 1150
FOUR Every-Weather
Car 1135
All Prices K. ). P.. IVtroil
Bisbee Auto Co.
PHONE 5.
(The Pioneer Garage)
SIX CYLINDER MODELS
SIX Chains - - - $'1M1
SIX Roadster - - - 1?50
SIX Touring Car - - ITil
SIX Landau Roadster
SIX Every Weather Car 1450
SIX Touring Sedan - 1700
SIX Coupe .... 1750
SIX Limousine - - - 2600
All I'ri.e K P. IVrroii
MAIN STREET
PHONE 5-
(tii r,f.i SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 18, 1917.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
XI'W YORK. Mar. 17. Shipping
slurcs were Urn prominent features
of today's brief but'- broad market,
their rise being stimulated by the re
rent renewal of dividend payments on
Mercantile Marine preferred as well
as on the theory that the roast wi.-
lines may benefit by any tie up of the
railroads.
I". S. Steel was asft'in ilvt leader cf
the industrials at an exr"me fain of
IS, to 1127s. .virtually all of which
was retained;
All the better known steel and iron
stocks were firm to strong.
Rails gave a good account of them -
selves, considering the acute uncer -
tainly surrounding the labor conlro -
versy. Sales jtniotint-d lo HrtU.OOO
shares. Details of the French loan of
I100.IMIO.000 --we're made public by the
syndicate managers and confirmed
Vreliminary statements as to the in
terest rates, maturity and general
terms. Formal offering of the note
will take place next week.
The bank statement bore out fore
casts of a large actual cash gain and
a substantial expansion of reserves,
the latter item increasing by more
than 1 21.000.000.
Trading in bonds was trivial with
few changes of more than the small
est fraction. Total sales, iat value,
$1,675,000.
During the week government bonds
were unchanged on call, but coupon
and registered 4's were percent
higher on actual sales, the coupon S's
rising H percent.
CHICAGO GRAINS
CHICAGO. Mar. 17.-JXot withstand
ing that the railway labor crisis led
to much nervousness and irregularity
in the wheat market today, prices in
the late dealings showed considerable
strength owing largely to assertions
that the government was preparing
measures to prevent cessation of traf
fic even if the President's appeal to
the contending forces to get together
failed. The close was unsettled rang
ing from lc decline to l3x advance,
w ith May af 1.S4 to 1.84 and July at
1.547i to 1.35'k. Corn finished off
to 'x up. oats down to 3 and pro-
visions at gains of 7' to 30 cents.
Uncertainty over the strike situa
tion made the wheat market average
moderately lower during the first
hour but afterward the advantage was
mostly with the bulls.
Unloading of spreads caused May
wheat' to lose part of its advance as
the market approached an end.- For
the same reason July regained all of
an early loss. Selling of new crop de
liveries, especially September, was
led ty concerns identified with the
southwest.
Corn and oats were almost devoid
of feature.
Pit operators were credited to be
bearish but restrained by the compar
ative firmness of wheat. Inability to
get cars switched kept shippers at a
standstill.
Scarcity of offerings gave an up
ward slant to provisions. Aloofness
of packers in the hog market operated
however, as a drag on quotations in
the late dealings.
METALS MARKET
NEW YORK. Mar. 17. ISar silver
73. Copper quiet, electrolytic spot
nd nearby nominal; third quarter
314 at 32. ,
(By L. J. Overlook)
BOSTON. Mar. 17 Boston market
was more active and stronger in spe-
r
Great
.NEXT WEEK.
6
BIG DAYS AND NIGHTS
FUN, FROLIC AND AMUSEMENT
WILD ANIMAL SHOW
Lions, Tigers, Bears, Pumas.
SEE Senorita Elenore SEE
NEPTUNE'S DAUGHTER
THE MIRACLE
HONEY MOON TRAIL
WONDERLAND
SPIDORA
HATTIE
HIGH LIFE
FREE BAND
CONCERTS
WORTH AM BAND
COMMENCING
MONDAY
L
LEASED WIRE
ciallies. I'nited Kruii featured. I'ric
es should be higher next Week. ,
iwi.vk. vki:i:kk v co.
NEW YORK
Anaconda
American Can
American Car
American Locomotive
American Smelter ...
American Sugar
Atchison
Raltimore & Ohio . . .
fialdwin
tiu
im;-',
-r(i
fi:'.
r.S'i
Chesapeake A: Ohio ..
j Colorado Fuel & Iron
1 Central Leather
1 Canadian Pacific
I Crucible
j Distillers
j l'rie ..:
,(;oodtich
4S
92
1.'.4
C,.
21 '-j
2t;-s
ri;
121
12f.V4
29's,
r,c
10?.
SOT
61
103
112
General Motors . . .
Industrial Alcohol
Marine
J Marine Pfd
Maxwell
Mexican Petroleum
Midvale
New York Central .
Northern Pacific . . .
Pennsylvania
Reading
Republic Steel
Rubber
Studebaker
Steel ...
Steel Pfd
117
St. Paul
Southern Pacific
Union Pacific ..
United Fruit . . .
94
137--H.
140v
BOSTON
Adventure
Allouez ,
Arizona Commercial ...
Alaska
American zinc
Uutte Superior
Calumet & Arizona
Calumet & Hecla
Copper Range
Chino
East Butte
Granby
Green Cananea
Goldfield
Hancock
Indiana'
Inspiration
Kennecott
Keweenaw '.
I-ake
La Salle
ilw-ini
Mohawk
Mayflower
Nevada
North Butte
Nipissing
Old Dominion
Osceola
Pond Creek
Quincy
Ray Consolidated
Shattuck
Shannon
Superior Boston
Tamarack
I'tah Copper
Utah Consolidated
Winona
4
' 134
S
37
47
82
555
64
' 58--
n'4
S4
42--;4
55
17
61 '
46M:
3
13as
4
41 4
S7
24
24
21 ?4
S
62
94
214
S8
29
2SV4
9
Z
59
114
17?s
4 4
CURBS
Arkansas & Arizona . .
Big Jim
Big Ledge
Butte & London . .
Calumet & Jerome
Cornelia
Denn
Dundee
40 j
iuS
. 4 I
22
1 11-16 j
174 !
17 i
IT
Wortham Shows
....WILL EXHIBIT IN....
LOWELL
6
neptune;s daughter.
Mermaids, Diving Girls and Un-der-water
Marvels.
MAMMOTH MIDWAY OF MODERN MARVELS
WHICH ARE SURE TO
THRILL ENTERTAIN FASCINATE DELIGHT
ALL NEXT WEEK
i i-.t)
l'.H
17
l"s
0d
! roil una
Cailsden
Green Monster ....
Gold Heed
I Howe Sound
Ilecla
Hull Copper
Inspiration Needles
i .
:'.
n-ic
l's
1A
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Magma Copper
Mauma Chief
j Miami Consolidated
) Monster Chief
j Pittsburg Jerome . .
2S
!.
4
9-1C
2.16
4'i
2 ',4
10
l'i
Hay Hercules ,
j Santa Itita
I Tom Reed
I'nited 'Eastern
I niied W esiern
. Verde Extension
j Verde Combination
I Warren
(Wolverine Arizona ...
I Oatnan
(liy Collins it lirrtTicrton)
i Kmnia
Bid Ask. i
.0".
.12 .13
.23
.05 .10
1.19 1.21 !
.OS .10
.04 .05
.09
.10
.15
04 .
.12 .15
.10
.10 ;
.10 .15 '
.20,
2.16 i
4.49 4.50 1
.OS I
.03
.20 j
2.50 '
1.S7 2.00
.2' .25 1
1.87 1.94 ;
.11 .16
.62 1.00
1.87 2.00
.40 .45
.62
.25 .37
.30 .35
.37 .62
Argo
Adams
Arizona Rex ........
Ariz. Tom Reed
Big Jim
Boundary' Cone ......
Carter Gold
Fessenden
Sold Reed
Gold Cliff
Ivanhoe
Lucky Boy
Merry Widow
Oatman Combination
Sunnyside
,Telluride .
I '111 lit . U
United Eastern
United Northern
United Western '
Red Lion
Other Curbs
Gadsden
"reen Monster
3utte London
Venture Hill
Pittsburg Jerome
Jerome Verde
Arkansas Arizona ....
Jerome Portland
Inspiration Needles . .
Hull Copper
Magma Chief 37
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
AND
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE
26
15
Oatman
Stocks
WORLD'S BEST AND
CLEANEST ATTRACTIONS
Wolverine Arizona
Miami Mother Lode ..
Verde Combination ...
Miami Consolidated . .
Bisbee Copper
Butte Arizona
Santa Cruz bisbre . . .
ac-rome Daisy '.
Warren
Vacozarl Consolidated
Verde Apex
Calumet Oil
i.r,o i.62
.f.o
.62
. .2S
l.oo
.o
.87
1.2.r.
10
.42
.26
OFFICE OF CALUMET ARIZONA
MINING COMPANY
To the Shareholders:
You are hereby notified that the An
nual Meeting of the Stockholders of
Calumet and Arizona Mining Compa
ny will bo held at the office or the
Company, .Warren. Arizona, Monday,
April 9. 1917. at 10 o'clock a. iu. for
purpose of electing eleven directors
for the ensuing year and for such oth
er business as may come before said
meeting.
Only stockholders -f record at the
close of business March 15th, 1917,
will be entitled to vote.
By Order of the Board of Directors.
CORDON R. CAMPBELL.
Secretary.
Dated at Calumet, Michigan. February
15. 1917. Advertisement. 298
-the man from
Rays says (14)
"This morning at the break
fast table I heard the landlady
say something about the high
cost of living, with food prices
so high, but I didn't hear any
of the fellows at the table who
own copper stocks, making any
kick about the high cost of
COPPER."
If you follow the advice we have
been consistently giving you. you
buy
ARIZONA RAY
TODAY, we don't think you'll be
worrying very much about the high
cost of living in a few months from
now.
Have you stopped to consider the
wonderful possibilities for new
mines, under existing conditions?
With copper selling above 37 cents,
and the average cost of production
about 9 cents, look at the remark
ably favorable conditions under
which NEW MINES will begin op
erations. It is' a situation unparal
leled in history, and NOW is the
time to buy into the logical pros
pects which MUST be opened up to
meet the world's demand for cop
per. In Arizona Ray
you have the opportunity to buy
into the RIGHT prospect. You
know the location you know what
is being done on the property
think it over. We advise you to buy
at the market, limit 15 cents.
Arizona Securities
and Trust Co.
Adams Street at First Avenue
PHOENIX, ARIZONA.
.NEXT WEEK.
15
THE ARABIAN NIGHTS
Magicians, Gun-Spinners and
Oriental Dancers.
TOP O WORLD
SILO DROME
AMAZA
BLUEY BLUES
THE WHIP
CAROUSAL
FERRIS WHEEL
VISIT THE
"JOY ZONE"
AT LOWELL
COMMENCING
MONDAY
OLD DESERT MINE
LOOKS LIKE COMER
j Old Time Property Near
Bouse is Being Developed
Into a New and Better
Mine.
SALOME. March 17. With ores in
sight conservatively estimated to ex
ceed $900,0no in value and with re
serves as yet undetermined, the Old
Desert mine, now the property of the
Navajo Mines company, has come in
to its own with a vengeance.
It is almost a year since C. Y. De
Lay of Oakland. Cul.. took over the
old property, which has lain idle for
almost twenty years, and proceeded
to explore it.
Mr. De Iji? has followed the mining
profession almost since boyhood and
has been identified with many highly
successful properties in Nevada, Cali
fornia and elsewhere throughout the
west. Time and again he has "unit
the game" and settled down in his
teautiful Oakland home, but ever
the hills have beckoned, the voices of
the mountain ahd the desert have call
ed and he has answered.
The Old Desert is located immedi
ately north of Vicksburg station on
the A. and ('. railroad, the first sta
tion west of Salome and distant some
nine miles. From the railroad an ex
cellent wagon road has been built to
the property and it is peculiarly free
from heavy grades.
As stated, the Desert is one of the
oldest properties in the Harcuvar
range and was worked as early as
twenty-five years ago. A mill was
built which is still standing and which
is now being torn down to give place
;o a thoroughly modern plant.
When Mr. I)e Lay took over the
property it was considered as practi
cally worthless or at best, a large low
grade milling deposit which would
hardly pay for the working. The gold
was there in considerable quantity
but it was supposed the quality of the
ore was too poor to warrant any ex
tensive development.
Oue of the new owner' first moves
was a scientific exploration of the
ground, the sinking of many test pits
and tunnels and the taking of number
lest assays. As a matter of curiosity
and as illustrating the care with
which the property was sampled, it
may be stated that the last assay was
No. 1673. The assay office is one of
the most completely equipped in Yu
ma county and is in charge of 15. II.
De Lay. son of General Manager C. L.
De Lay. and an assayer and miner of
great skill and many years of active
experience. In addition to the work
on the Desert, the office has done
much assaying for outside prospectors
and claim owners.
This careful exploration developed
many points of interest. In the first
place, it was proven that, above the
upper .tunnel and practically exposed
on all sides, there lies a hill of gold
bearing ore, the content of which has
been estimated within the past two
months by William Forstner, the not
ed ruining engineer.
His figures show 100,000 tons of
ore. with an average content of gold
and copper to the extent of $S per
ton;' 13,500 tons (on the richest part
of the vein) with a content of $16 per
ton and 1500 tons of extremely high
grade ore valued at $50 per ton, all
valuations being net, 'with mining,
transportation and milling charges
deducted.
In other words, the hill above the
old millsite has a net value of close
to a million dollars and this practi
cally on the surface.
Further explorations at greater
depth have developed great bodies of
much richer ore and assays have been
secured running into hundreds of dol
lars per ton.
It is the plan of the owners to work
out the upper portion of the property
before attempting to extract the ores
lying below the tunnel levels.
One of the great advantages of the
Navajo company's ground lies in the
fact that the ores can be mined and
milled with a minimum of expense.
Ample water supply h3s been assured
by the sinking of five wells of depth
from S4 to 306 feet, which have been
thoroughly tested and which will pro
duce all water required for mill and
camp purposes.
Comfortable and commodious camp
buildings and offices have been built
and will be considerably extended
within the coining two months. A tel
ephone line connects the mine with
the station at Vicksburg, two miles
and a half away, and, as stated, the
road has been put in excellent condi
tion. The Navajo property marks the
western end of the same range on
which the Cobrita. the Glory Hole
bonanza, the Cobrita Verde, the In
dependence and other well known
mines of the Harcuvar district are
located and the proving of the value
on this old-new property has occas
ioned much delight to the owners of
adjoining claims. I
It is the De Iay plan to make haste
slowly and. being backed by the most
ample funds, the development of the
great property will proceed rapidly
but methodically.
One of the first things done will be
the addition of a number of men to
the working force and the erection
of an experimental mill for the de
termination of the best methods of
ore extraction. As soon as this has
been put into operattou, a complete
plant will be built and ai tie produc
tion begun."
In Ilie !esi-rt. I he history of many
another Arizona mine seems about to
be duplicated. Front a beginning of
success, through a loni? period of fail
ure, and into the ultimate prosperity
of a great producer, the old mine has
passed as did the I'nited Wrde, the
Little Daisy, the Black Ite. f ;ud ma
Correspondent E. F. Hutton & Co., Members New York Stock Exchange
R. Allyn Lewis
Box 279 COPPER QUEEN HOTEL Tel. 135
BONDS, STOCKS, GRAIN, COTTON
PHOENIX, GLOBE, JEROME, PRESCOTT, BISBEE
Orders Executed for Cash or en Proper Margin
E. F. Hutton & Co.'s Private Leased Wire to All Exchanges
Great Verde
Extension
Syndicate
LAST OFFER
of Stock in the Great Verde Extension Copper
Company at 30 cents per share, expired at
midnight
March 10th;
Treasury stock now on the market at
40c
Place your order in a live proposition at the
opportune time with
A. C ANDERSON
Muhein Bldg.
Phone 207.
DAVID GODWIN
President
Jerome
in
CAPITAL $375,000 NEARLY ALL IN TREASURY
THE CREAM OF THE JEROME DISTRICT
OWN 12 FULL SIZE CLAIMS AND HAVE BEEN
WORKING FOR NINE MONTHS
Have sunk a shaft to a depth of 250 feet. Have
machinery and full equipment for future work and have
been in ore bearing rock from the surface, the same
character rock as the United Verde and it is the opinion
of mining men, who have examined the property, that
it is only a question of going to a greater depth to open
, up a high grade 'ore body.
Jerome Metals Stock is treasury stock full paid, non
assessable, not pooled and is being sold with the ap
proval of the Arizona Corporation Commission for the
purpose of developing the mine.
Jerome Metals will make a mine.
Get into a live proposition with live mining men
(not mine promoters) who understand the business
from supervising down and have the endorsement of
the Banks in their district.
JEROME METALS MINING CO.
Office and Bisbee Representative. R 1 7 Letson Hotel
Agents Wantetl Call After 10 a. m.
Act On That Impulse Mail The Coupon Now.
Jerome Metals Mining Co.,
Bisbee, Arizona.
R 17 Letson Hotel Bldg.
Gentlemen:
Kindly mail me prospectus and engineer's
report of Jerome Metals Mining Co's stock
which you are selling for 25 cts. per share on
terms of 20 per cent cash and balance 1 0 pet
cent per month.
I am interested in copper stocks and am in
position to buy if your offering proves satis
factory. ISame
Street
Town
Date
ny another property in the state.
Its tiiutl enrollment in the ranks of
the really great mines is dtie to the
skill, the coi'ra'.'e and the faith of its
new owners whose success is matter
of convrat'ilation to the entire state,
and especially to Miner-.il Valley.
REVIEW WANT ADS
a
Brewery Gulch
Bisbee, Ariz.
A. E. WE1DMAN
Sec'y Treas.
Share
.etals THE BISBEE DAILY REVKW,SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 18, 1917.
SEVEN
.
3
I
. .4
. 1
A
4
.t
I
'f
at
A
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under tbM Vead at the rate of 1 ceav per ward (or acb
issue with a minimum charg of 26 cents. Advertisements must reach Tbfe
He view office not Inter than 4 p. m. for Insertion in tbe nest moraine paper.
Wanted
WANTED Cell boy Copper Queen
Hotel.
312
WANTED Maid for general bouse
work, 21 Quality Hill. 382
WANTED To exchange $675 piano
for a lot. Apply to Judge High's
office. 72S
WANTED Young man wants board
and room in private family. C. T.
Hamilton. Review office. S7S
WANTED Young lady as a room
mate. Call Johnson Hotel today.
7S8
WANTED Three lady solicitors, two
to ten dollars a day. Inquire Guar
antee Paint Co., after five evenings.
229
Gentleman wants room with board or
without, and place to keep car with
in one mile of postoffice. Address
P. O. Box 602. S10
Bookkeeper desires small set books
for evenings. Get out monthly
statements: trial balance, etc. Best
local credentials. Box 1684 Bisbee.
WANTED To hear from owner of
good farm for sale, state cash price
and description. D. F. Bush, Min
neapolis. Minn.
234
WANTED Woman to do family
washing, come ready for work.
153B Temby Ave., up stairs. 711
WANTED Room and board in pri
vate hone by yovm man of good
habits. Address . S. cr.re Review.
7 So
WANTED To purchase large, vacant
lot. or lots, for building. Must be
close in. well located. Give full
particulars first letter. Box 10S3
Bisbee. 726
WANTED Stock salesmen for the
best mining proposition in Arizona,
backed by big publicity campaign.
Exclusive territory, leads furnished,
liberal commissions. For particu
lars address Room No. 9, Chamber
of Commerce Bldg., Phoenix, Ari
zona. 746
For Rent
FOR RENT Five room house close
in. and furniture for sale. Inquire
Millers Store, Main St. 790
Furnished Room
FOR RENT Rooms in the Rock
House, South Bisbee. 691
FOR RENT Batching room furnish
ed 14 Tate Hill, Johnson Add. 808
FOR RENT One furnished house
keeping room. So Main Street, Cot
tage home. 233
FOR RENT Partly furnished house
104 Youngblood Hill. Mrs. Lenoy.
rInt C
745
FOR RENT One room, 76 Tomb
stone 'Canyon, Brophy Avenue car
stop. : 747
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms, with lif.-ht and water, 41B
O. K. Trail. 719
FOR RENT Nicely furnished front
room for gentlemen above Indcen
dnt Fuel office, Main St. 807
FOR KENT Nicely furnished front
room and bath in private family.
Apply 126 Quarry Canyon. 75S
FOR KENT Nicely furnished front
room with bath, for gentleman.
Quality Hill. Phone Red 718. MS
FOR KENT Sunny front room suita
ble for two ladies or gentlemen
Reasonable. Kailey Motel, Brewery
Ave. " 812
FOR RENT 2 large furnished rooms
for !i?ht housekeeping, 16V Tate
Hill, Johnson Addition. Phone Ret'
522. 791
FOR RENT To ret.ponsib!e paities,
th' dining room and kitchen of Su
perior House, Ivowell. Everything
completely overhauled and new.
ChI! at Superior House. 725
Our Want Adds Bring Result
PETEY DINK And Then He
Thi t -
vvitmout Vooti
1
-
Mike
V
For Sale.
'U"T 5 ,,7!
FOR SALE 5 passenger Cole car. In
quire Cochise Motor Co. 741
FOR SALE 2 choice building lots,
Clawson Hill, close in. Price $650.
Apply M. C. High, Allen Block. 811
FOR SALE Lots on Winwood Add.
An ideal location for families
Terms $10.00 down and $10.00 a
month. Mrs. Winwood, Winwood
Add. 184
FOR SALE Highest cash prices paid
for second band furniture, stoves,
clothing and tools. Cncle Jim's,
Bmwery Gulch. CI
FOR SALE Stripped Cadillac, first
class condition, fully equipped.
Phone 229, car barn. Three hun
dred cash. 772
FOR SALE Lockie House, School
Hill. Terms. Apply R. T. Lockie,
1011 East Boulevard, El Past), Tex
(434)
FOR SALE Oldsmobile roadster, ex
cellent condition, electric light and
starter. Must be sold at once. Cap
tain Mashir, Naco, Arizona. Phone
.S01-F13. 696
FOR SALE New five room bungalow
in Warren, located on principal
street. Modern throughout, hard
wood floors, bath, gas, garage. Easy
terms. Phone 147 or see Mr. Sheik..
743
FOR SALE Moving picture show
building 40xS0, fully equipped with
seats, stage, electric lights and
Powers 6A motor driven machine,
5 year lease on ground, good open
ing for right party. Wiere & Stone
Johnson, Arizona. 690
FOR SALE Attractive five room
adobe house upper Tombstone Can
yon, near Locklin Ave., water, light
gas and sewerage, good yard, trees.
Price $1850, $1000 cash, balance
easy terms. Address P. O.' Box 44.
796
I
Taking orders now. White and Brown
Leghorn chicks, $12.50 per hundred.
Barred Rocks and Rhode Island
Reds, $15.00 per hundred. F. O. B.
Phoenix. Terms $2.00 per hundred
deposit with order, balance C. O. D.
Safe arrival guaranteed. Send us
your orders. Phoenix Seed & Feed
Co. 532
t'RVITUR: FOR SALE The Joia
son Addition Furniture Co. wants
to pay you the highest cash prices
for your second band furniture. Al
so wants to trade or exchange you 1
new furniture for your old. We will jewel watches, ciedit payments,
sell you . furniture cheaper than s $2.50 month. We pay straight sal
sinybody on easy payments. Call I ary, all expenses and extra com-
n at the hi? orirk building at the i
fobnson Addition and let us show
vou our large and selected stock of
house furnishings, or phone us at
onr BtorL Phone 385. Johnson Art
lit ion
LOST
LOST Auto number 11024 with tires
and holder combined. Reward re-!
turn to Review. Dan Shechy. 727 !
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
U B. WHITNEY, Lawyer. Rooms It-
Allen Block. Open evontngs. Phon-
647. (109)
CLAIRVOYANT!.
Mrs. Anthony, spiritual medium, now '
located at Room 3 Foster Block,
Johnson Addition. Readings daily J
circle Thursday 7:30 p. in. 739 ;
HE MOOSE HOTEL (Old Kinney
House) Furnished rooms J2 per
week and up, with gas: also light
178
VI LI I 1 11 T 1 UMk UliUllllv,U Hill v
P. J. McCullough, contractor. Phone made tJ perform. I'eptunes Daughter
20. Box 934. Excavating, retain- The Miracle Top O' World, and a long
ing walls, concrete houses, wells list of other stellar attritions are
and mining work Is my specialty, promised by the advance man.
2i j Tbe Great Wortham Shows travel
" on their own train consisting of 27
"oothache can be prevented by fol- double length cars, carry over 300
lowing simple instructions. Call at people and will arrive Monday mom
my office for free booklet J. F. ing and will be ready for the opening
Teulert, D. D. S., Maze Building, schedule by sevcu o'clock Monday
tK '6 mooy night.
Goes and Does the Same Thing
ovtr
hat-
Ml
.'V-yi'-It'fV
i -
c -ttl
Business Chances.
Good property will lease for year.
Good ore in sisht. Good times. Ad
dress Miss Lea, 36S WiUtox, Ariz. !
776
Miscellaneous
keeping snorthand. radio, engineer
Ing. Y. M. C. A., Los Angeles. Cat
alogs free. 955
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paint & vVnll Paper Cn. for all
kinds of work in our line. Pat dea
ry, manager Box 1495. Phone 720.
$30,000 to loan on improved city prop
erty or for building, on easy terms
of payment. T. A. Hughes, over
Bank of Bisbee. 637
Burns oxygen gas, 86 percent oxygen,
4 percent coal oil vapor. Demon
strations at Pythian Castle, O. K.
St.. with the Bisbee Furniture Co.
J. J. O'Loughlin, sales agent, Bisbee
and Douglas. Phone 341. Dll
Cox Co. loans $5 to $50 without secur
ity to men or women in permanent
positions. No honest wage earner
refused, easiest weekly or monthly
payments, cheapest rates, also loans
on furniture, pianos, etc. Confiden
tial, quick service. See us if you
need money. Muheim Bldg., Phone
794, in with tailoring company. 735
BEAUTIFUL SEASHORE
HOME-
SITES ONLY $20
Special sale lots at Alamo Beach,
Texas, famous Bayshore resort.
First 100 lots $20. Terms, $1 cash.
$1 monthly. Lots 50x140 feet.
Splendid investment. Write for free ! Phelps-Dodge product. There also goes through the Nicholas refinery tii
literature and views. Alamo Beach I Calumet & Arizona, Shttuck-Arizona, Grandby, and products of similar miscel
Company. 441 First National Bank Ianeous con(.erns.
Houston, Texas.
754
Agents
WANTED Agents and salesmen,
men and women, for Jerome mining
stock. Apply todajior tomorrow af
ter 10:30 a. m. R17 Letson Hotel.
806
$15 weekly paid men everywhere
showing samples or mailing circu
lars for large cut-rate grocery mail
order house. Outfit free. Interna
tional Supply Co., Detroit, Michi-rn
733
Men wanted for detective work, aiao
instructed by former U. S. . Govt
detective,
ville, 111.
Write J. Ganir,
Dan
793 Salesmen
SALESMAN Capable specialty
man
for Arizona. Staple line on new :ind
excentional terms. Vacancy now
Attractive commission contract.
Ju." weekly for -xifnHe. Jiiifs F.
B-xler Co., 711 Carlin Bldg.. Cleve
land, Ohio. 792
SALESMEN everywhere, sell our 21
missions. Keliaule goods, perma-
nent positions. Write the Pope Co.
Longview, Texas. 757
WORTHAM SHOWS TO
OPEN HERE MONDAY
There is tj be a carnival in Lowell
next week and the Great Wortham
J Shows will arrive tomorrow with their
i various attractions.
The event will be characterized by.
the presentation of the Arabian Nights
.a unique attraction, which has been
I t reating interest wherever shown. It
embodies everything of the Orient,
from seemingly impossible feats of
magic, to gun spinners and oriental
dancers, and as it is the first time
ever shown iu this secti'.m of the
country, no doubt tbe patronage will
I be large. Then there is the wild
' beast show, where numerous groups
Himself.
-v 4 ? t-r i s w ...
BACK To "T-it-
Hotel amp ct-f
I 0O HAT 'JXjiVT
7. m 4
JM8k Wl-
V 'J
UU
New Management
TODAYS PROGRAM
"THE MORAL RIGHT'
2 Reel Imp Drama
"LOVE' IN SUSPENSE"
Joker Comedy
"THE FACE ON THE
SCREEN"
Laemroe Comedy
Admission - - - 5c
SJ0 HIKING PLANT IS
Continued From
at SSc per pound. The demand for third
day to day. while other deliveries are scarce and little can be done.
Added to the acuteness of the situation is tiie labor strike at the Laurel
Hill refinery of the Nichols Copper Company, which handles a lurge part of the
For months tiiere has been an acute situation in copper with respect to
available supplies for prompt shipment. This was due primarily to the rail
road congestion w.'.iich halted prompt transportation of raw supplies from the
smelters to the refineries. Later,' the Perth Amboy labor strike added to the
conditions whii new threaten to become even more serious, should tiie Nich
olas trouble continue
. J . , , ... ,
Producers are not worried over the copper lost on steamers sunk en
route to Europe, for the simple reason that contracts covering 1917 deliveries'.
have been made en the basis of payment for freight delivered alongside ship.
On the other hand, they are showing some concern over the falling off in
February refinery yield, which totaled something like 17C.000.000 pounds,
compared with an estimated refinery output of 200.000,000 pounds. Likewise,
interest was shown as to whether the foreign governments will eb compelled
tj replace the tonnage lost, which from December 1 to date is calculated at!
60,000,000 pounds, or whether in their purchases they had figured on losing j
some of the metal through such destruction. Most of tiie copper so lost
was bound for France, while Russia and Itn.Iy also suffered. On the 1516 con
tracts producers sold on a c.i.f. ba
are fcll on a f.a.s. busU Therefore, the
of wr.rrv to domestic consumers.
Producers are exporting a 'argo
month, anil inumries frc.ru all nuarters
- , - .-r-
With tbe sizable tonnage needed for
Allied Governments' requirements for
higher prices.
If the needs of the Allies are as
I'm 235,000,000 pounds aadiiional will
abroad in the last six months of 1917.
year, this will mean the purchase of 833.000,000 pounds additional for this grind glasses thai will give a brighter jeaxeT 'SWEENEY' M of P C
c-cuntrv's consumption, making a total of 2,318.:.00,000 pounds to be sold this and clearer outlook on life and busi
ness. 1 uinnnucu nc Tur uiadi n
year, or Sl..r)79.324 pounds less than the
2400,000,000 pounds. As refinery production has fallen short about 60,000.000
pounds for tiie first two months cf the
required output, indications are that tiiere will be a scran. ble t.'iis month
for second-half delivery material.
On the orlur hand, pe'ate will hr'wi a copper demand :'or purpose:-, ether
than war. tl will mark the beginnin;; of reconstruction in the devastated
sections of Europe, and for this alone' an immense nuan'Uy of cepper will be
needed. The large produrrs feel that :wt only will the price of the metal be
maiatair.d at ur.usiia'.iy high figures throughout 1917, lr.it fit 1013 production
will cemmand :i ri.Iati.i ly high 1 rice, a.; compared with IMi tnd 1911. even if
hostilities cja-e. It is evident that th ; prosperity of the cepper industry of
I he United States will continue tor a bing lime to come.
T II E
S I t V K R STATE
The Story cf A 1 ''' "'
l the Cumbtuck.
. MINING
Tunopab, Gold rid J,
In Rochester, an J
l IM EVA DA ,u,hcr
.la ting I lie true Hory
y of the enurmouk furtunrs tnaJe in niiniiiK in
Ncv-Ja. With tins story c will cnJ a
FREE MAI of tiie Silver Stte, shuu in?
Ltcatiun i'f ill the rich ruin in? dislriu-., rjil
R rwih, cU. Uuth mailt-J KRUKon rciuc.
F. G. COX & COMPANY
620 .. YV. llrllmun VM(.. I.os Anjt lcs. (ill.
In
-.'
13
m
neatre
New Chairs
MONDAY'S
PROGRAM
. "BLOOD MONEY"
2 Reel Bison Drama
'THE TRIALS OF
WILLIE WINKS"
1 Reel Comedy
"THE WELP"
Imp Drama
PREPARED 10
HANDLE 5000 TONS OF ORE DAILY
Page 1, Mining Sec.
- quarter metal is becoming larger from
va""V
en lost heavily, but the 1917 contracts
submarine activities are not a cause
i
buying movement to begin during tni.
uoiat to an unusually busy season.
- -
our country's program, and with the
.... . . ...
second-naif metal, producers predict
great this year as ihey wdre in 1916,
have to be purchased her3 and shipped
If omcstic buying is on a par with last
estimated 1917 refinery production of
present year, and is still short of the
The best investment on curth! A
l)ice of the carta. The Globe Sulphur
Co., of Louisiana, are offering you the
best. Don't fail to t;et a few of these
lots. They are $40 tat h. easy terms. ;
See F. liriggs & Co., Lowell. Phone '
701. Box 3007. Advertisement. 692
i
Auto Painting
M. CURRAN, OLD MASON BUILDING, LOWELL.
C . I JlL Ai.' I
lAWSCD SO TT4Ar
lo ALM VCach' J I
V.
13
',"! f :
v 'V "
v .v '
..Lodge
WEEK ENDING MARCH 24
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
riday
Saturday
X. C. BLEDSOE. W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS. Secy. F. & A. M.
A. M. COLWELL, E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. I. M.
J. E. FRY, E. C.
F S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chapter
and Comnwdery.
W R. BANKS. Secretary Council
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
CHARLES S. BEAR, Exalted Ruler.
R. B. COOVER, Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE, No. 10, I. O. O. F.
Meets every
Fellows Hall.
Main street at 7:00 p. m. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
liail phone 119.
CARL V. NELSON, X. G.
G. A. PLUNKETT. Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 210.
Meets in L O.
O. F. Hall sec
, ond and fourth
SATURDAY
a,t.. T:3,) P- m-!
Visiting broth
ers cordially
Invited to at
tend. GEO. SLEEMAX, W. M.
ROBERT FFRGFS Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
COMING
Wardi 20, 21, 22
II. W. SWIGERT of the Ion
iMished firm of tie"s;;
i.al Co., Denver, will be in Bisbee
esta
Opt
on n& regular trip, three days only.'
tsuay, Weanesuay and Thursday
...arch 20-21si and 22r.d. I
mitixp. iis,.,!!,.
"!e '-01' n.aKIS upon wnich your pat-'
,. , i
U1V1.11.U itj uui irvum jrmft ui
capable and conscientious service to1
the many people in Hispee and the
thousands throughout the great south-i
esi.
If your eyes trouble you in any way;
give us an opportunity to tell you
what glasses will do for them.
We
I, .-, c. .1... ...... i
,7,,, ' ', . 7 " .V.'.;-! "
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Tuesday. Wedni-edav H Th,ir,Hi.
March 2J.2i.22d. i
SWIGERT Runs nPTirai rn
Establishid 1902.
loao caiitcn.ia it. Denver, Colo.
. i
s
The Home Industry Furniture
Store, Home Industry Lodging
House and Barber Shop, will all be
so!,! (op t s. arrifi,.
i
Bargain
money maker. Owing to Owner's 1 Kles HalL Visitors cordially wel
ill health, obliged to leave tu ! me; . .,
lnnm V,.mIH r.c.,.l . I
moiue it roasonaDle. uionire
HOME INDUSTRY FURNITURE
STORE, LOWELL.
Opposite Bank of Lowell.
i'
!
i
y'i
r
Notices...
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN
Meets first and third
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
in Medigovich Hall. All
visiting Red Men invited
to attend.
JOHN KELLY, Saehr.m.
W. D. COHEN. Medicine Man.
F. C. FENDFRSON, C. of R,
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets In Masonic Hall
Pearl Chapter, Xo. 6. meets
fourth TliotHa nt
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. AXXA C. RICHARDS. W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box 841. Bisbee.
MRS JESSE BEVAX. Sec'y. P. O. Box
2299, Chairman Relief Com. Phone 647
" KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathboae Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7: SO
p. m. Visiting brothers
Ji.tl l 1 l
EARLSOBLEY, C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM, K. of R. S.
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets in Medigovich Hall 2nd and
4th Fridays of each month.
HATTIE A. LUK, Guardian.
PAULINE F. BROWN. Clerk.
P. O. Box 621.
of ea i month r.t
7:30 at Odd Fel
lows' HalL Viii-
In? members cordially invited.
PHIL. DAVIS, Presidtnt.
MRS. C. E. FIXOTTI, Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
KATHERIXE SALHOLM, Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
Meets every Friday night. Moose HalL
JM?U.ta lavlted.
!J' V" FLTTE- e e
s cordially invited.
Dictator.
KAY ROSS. Secretary.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
... -
?r 2 tsisDee lamp .-o. ii
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows HalL
4t.J-K
i-3T K- " i cnsi.i
H. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
sisters.
Lily Temple. No. 3,meets every 2nd
ana 4th Thursday evening of each
morth at Odd Fellows' Hali. Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
7i. LtfweiJ lamp .a u
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy Hall.
iuA
'!4i-v J. L. WINTERS. C. C.
v O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
KNIGHTS & LADIES OF SECURITY.
BISBEE COUNCIL. NO. 2115.
Meets every Thursday at Union
Hall, 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited. C. A. Clem, Pres.,
Box lt'23 Bisbee.
Frederick J. Attaway, Sec, Lowell.
E. Linquist, financier, box 33244. Low
ell, FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E.. meets
nrsi ana imra muauais. . p. m .
MAUU UA V IS. tTeSiaeni.
M. D. COHEN, Aerie Physician.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets In Medigovich
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month.
Visiting brothers wel
come. M. C. BENTON. Councillor. ,
J. L. BENTON, recording Secretary.
By C A. VOIGHT
X
mm i
'it I ..v,-'1'
iSrkj'lV FRATERNAL
rr-Mt:. BROTHERHOOD
t iH4vW'4?J f Bisbee idge No.
a Z'yv-t Iff 2 mWs t!ie Ui
C-T- yi V 3rd Mondays
V" 1
7
ill EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW,SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 18, 1917.
r
MONDAY AND TUESDAY
MARCH 19TII AND 20TH
MONDAY AND TUESDAY
MARCH 19TII AND 20TH
H if ft
CONTINUOUS 1 TO 10:30 P. M.
TODAY ONLY
TODAY ONLY
THE YEAR'S GREATEST PICTURE METRO'S $250,000 PRODUCTION OF
Commencing 3 P. M.
iZ M M 3 f f
K J?& ii AWU? .SUM W iilir &
X. Bushman and o
The Triangle Fine Arts Presents
BESSIE LOVE
With The Triangle Kiddies in
..With Francis
everly
ayne..
A METRO SPECIAL PRODUCTION DE LUXE !N a MASS VE PARTS WITHOUT EXCEPTION PRAISED BY THE CRITICS
" picture of universal appeal, that the multitudes can appreciate will live forever as a classic masterpiece and a triumph of dramatic
screen construction." MOTION PICTURE NEWS.
"A creat production Metro has done the screen a distinct success.' MOVING PICTURE WORLD.
! 'The most prodigal film spectacle ever seen.' -NEW YORK AMERICAN.
rM ACCOUNT Ov THE LENGTH OF PRODUCTION THERE WILL ONLY BE TWO NIGHT SHOWS. ATTEND THE MAT-
Hlj Ailtv r-v WiJLX milium
!
4
f
ADMISSION
t it rnn;rnc
ion i uivu uj.
10 and 15 Cents.
qtylteQ:'-H
iggtfi 1 1 WIN IIBll ' TW TYfliiF 1 I , bee J"
I I
"A Sister of Six"
AND
The Triangle Keystone Presents
CHARLES MURRAY AND LOUISE FAZENDA
IN
The Great Vacuum Robbery
A Laugh Provoker in Two Reels
ADMISSION - - - 10 AND 15 CENTS
r n n . a 1 KI X II T A
J. M. Gibbs, president of the Bank
jof Cananea, was among the American
' residents of Sonora who were in BiR-
yesterd:ty.
FROM TOMESTONE.
11. B. Krebs, of Tombstone, motored
to Disbee yesterday.
NOTICE
Knights of Colunilms Grst decree
March ISth, at S p. in. Thomas Man
nier. Financial Secretary.
Advenisement. 794-
SARGENT FINED.
Ed Sarsent was fined $25 by Judge
Frank Thomas in city court yester
day for violating the city traffic
ordinance.
THE MOVIE MAN HERE.
A. Smith, an expert moving picture
operator from San Francisco, has ar- i
lived in Bisbee and taken charge of.
the operating room at the Star tliea-;
tre. '
DO YOU READ MUSIC
or plav an instalment. If not let me
teach you.
Bisbee.-
Address Albert
-Advertisement.
It.
Boles,
790
RETURN TO DOUGLAS.
Judge Samuel V. White and Repre-
BUYS STUDEBAKER.
J. Ediuondson, well known merchant
of Cananea. returned to the Sonora
city yesterday after a business visit
in this city, lie drove back in a new
Studebaker, purchased from the Bis
bee Auto company.
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath, 9S Mason
Hill, Mason Hi!l car stop.
Advert 'rptim'I'
: PARENT TEACHERS ASSOCIATION
! of Warren will meet on Wednesday
March 21, 4 p. m., new Warren school
Advertisement. 75?,
TAKEN TO HOSPITAL.
A p. Sutton is seriously ill at the
C. &. A. hospital, where he was taken sentative Charles Francis returned tr
yesterday afternoon. Mr. Sutton is Douglas yesterday after a brief visit
the father of Mrs. W. H. Holcomb, or in Bisbee. They came to this city to
Warren. ' attend the banquet Riven Friday In
(honor of Mrs. Iftisa McKay. j
MINERS UNION DANCE j i
nnriay evening. March 18. at Union t Dr. Edwp.rd Col -au. Chiropractor j
Hall. Dancing begins 8:30. land Osteopath, rheumatism, nervous-j
,9 i nt-ss a specialty. umce, i-iugncs i
block, 1st floor, opposite Y. M. V. A. ,
By
Highest cash price paid for old gold
and Ri'.ver. Lowell Jewelry Shop Of
'iciil watch inspectors E. P. & S. W.
Railroad. Advertisement 2S4
L. C. ROGERS.
IN MEMORY OF
CHILDHOOD"
1 CDMMUNIGAT10N
The Churches
PURCHASE HOME.
Dr. Glaze, prominent Ioca4 oeculist
has purchased a house at 133-A Tomb--tcie
Canyon, where he will make his
future home.
Bisbee Daily Review.
Dear Editor:
We have noticed with a great deal
of pleasure and satisfaction the in
creased rigidness with which the laws
?overning auto traffic
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE j
II 111 IIUUlU, .1111111 UllVlt. WO I
Advertisement
Advertisement. 752
AUTO MAN HERE. I
CTeorge Jackson, popular Douglas
automobile man, was a visitor in Bis
bee yesterday.
A car every now fn.t-.
las. Good cars unit careful
Americrn Staee Line P'kii..
driven
ORIGINAL BlSBEE-TOMBSTON
STAGE LINE.
The original TombFtotie stc- !
daily at 7 a. m and l:'fl p m f
Cochie Motor Co Phono
punctually on timr daily
i Ad '. IT' I f
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
fA11"n Block)
t trrat birr class firs1! bi'tter
's only 5 cents. Advertisement
ilk
30?
LABOR LEADER HERE.
J. L. Donnelly, president 'of the
State Federation of Labor, arrived in
Bisbee yesterday morning for a visit
' hich will probably extend over sev
eral days.
LOCATED IN PERU.
Ross Wheat, for many years a popu
lar electrician in this city, Is now in
Peru, South America, according to
word received in this city yesterday.
Wheat left Hurley, N. M., about a
month ago and his relatives and
friends here did not know where he
had gone until a letter was received
from here.
, RETURNS FROM DOUGLAS.
Deputy United States Marshal Jim- i
vie MacDonald returned to Bisbee
yesterday from a business trip to
touglas.
FOR RENT !
Highland Park for picnics. 2lubs
?nd par'ies. good dance Poor. Phone j
257 J A. Finney, Sr., Uncle Jim's, i
Brew.-rv Gulch. Advertisement 6:'.9
Many words of keenest pleasure
To the palate of the mind.
Which, portrayed in sweetest meas
lire.
That a poet'3 thought can find. forced acd trust it will be continued
Have been breathed In sighs of sad-j May we say a word in regard to a
ness, i few of the offenses on the part of tne
As a solace unto some, children?
And again in tones of gladness. Haw many of the parents know that
Of our childhood's happy home. a goodly number of children will,
when seeing an auto approach, run to
Many a man who long has wandered : the middle of the road, spread out
In the glittering paths of vice, j their arms and feet and remain that
And whose manhood has been squan-lway until the approaching car is with-
l in a Bhort distance of the child? Mauy
1 auto brakes are nearly torn from their
The Assembles of God.
Services. Sunday at 3 p. m. and
7:30 p. ni. Wednesday. Prayer Meet
ing at 7:30 p. m.
are being en j Every tody cordially invited to at
tend these services. Mission on Na o
Read, one block below depot
JOHN EITINU. Pastor.
dered
By the charms of cards and dice.
St John's Episcopal Churc.
Sunday School, 9:45 a. m. Moroius
Service, 11 a. ni. Thursday. .Choir
practice, 7:30 p. ni.
Lenten Services: Wednesday, 4:30
p. ni. Friday, 7:30 p. m.
II. S. BREWSTER, Rector.
WR'GHT SHOES
tne nl I cHe ii
.n -.1 Mi" a f
A.h
COUTLANO
'"-rv Finley, of Courtland,
P.isbee last night, stopping off
i --i T-mr stone.
was in
i; ; i n
tr .1
W 1 c
3
1 lipsifrp
TODAY
QUALITY FIRST
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 10:30 P. M.
POLLARD PICTURE PLYS CO., PRESENTS
MARGUERITE FISCHER IN
TODAY
NEO BEAUTY SHOP
Xeo-Ph'.stiotio Mnssage, irantcurinc
s-.-iltv Vot iintroiwe solicit
l ...ii, s -..i ' rent! v'f Vr? V.
M Sa'vvrr. Rmvn '1 .In' -'son Ho
rt P'l'sf- pnt Itf.
Has been lifted from the gutter
Back to manhood's fairest lot.
Just by hearing someone utter
Words of childhood, long forgot
Many a woman who was fettered
By the cruel bonds of shame.
And whose jewels have been shattered
With the loss of her good name.
Has from these foul fetters broken
As though risen from the dead
Just by hearing kind words siOken.
That in childhood, mother said
Many a youth, whose ftet hav s artc 1
Into path:? unknown before.
And whose moorings have been parted
From the firm parental shore.
Has been rescued from perdition.
And restored to virtue's path
By LOme timely admonition
Of his childhood's simple faith.
in
butterhy
bin
1J9
A WHIMSICAL TALE OF THE SIDI SHOWS. A STORY WHICH ENDS IN
A SURPRISING FASHION ATOP A HAWAIIAN VOLCANO.
PATHE NEWS NO. 1 7 SHOWING C JRRENT EVENTS OF THE WEEK.
ADMISSION ... 10 and 15 Cents.
I can give you as goou service as Evpn thosQ vn(J haV(J ,nvaded
yon can -et n any of te inrSre cit.es , Evpry avenue of crime
vOT1 you ""e ov.. or nerve troubles. , An(1 are hopi,essiy degraded
Coma to some one who Vnovs tow to j In tnejr nabit for au time,
faro for yon Ort'ni"t'-ist an l opti-. Hav at ,imeSi displayed a semblance
i;in rre r?er spect-M sl'-rs. I us of lrue nianhood's better ways,
-a ; t'-e nci-s. Dr. R. Glaze, Neu- ; when some word has brought re
.t,.r.jt;. jt-7(. Bl-'sr., P'-one 15H Per-j men.brance
n "it. 'i)Tt'o:i Adve'tisemert. M' ; Of their childhood's happy days.
AMp.cr wei ATTENEO
St. Patrick's Day was brought to a
:oyfu! conclusion in Bisbee with a
'"a nee Rivn in the Fncles Hall by l'ie
'ri.i'' Nationalists. The affair was by
far the best attended of any given
ti'is yerr. So great was the crowd at
iv nn'-ninn' of te rtnnpe. tnt scores
were turned away for several hours,
returning later after the crowd had
o" rjn jhe day dinner
was served atxtlie hall by the ladies
of St. Patrick's church.
This fond memory is an anchor
To the foul, amid the strife.
And the milldew. and the canker
Of a hard and strenuous life;
As a light of reformation;
As the grace of heaven's dower;
As the hope of our salvation.
Is our childhood's loving power.
settings in the efforts of the driver to
slacken or stop the car, not knowing
to which side the child will run at the
last moment?
How many know that scores of chil
dren,, (maybe their own), will try to
touch the fenders and spoke3 of the
passing car by thrusting out a foot at
the passing car? Some day a little
foot or piece of clothing will be caught
in the car and a dead or maimed child
brought borne.
How r:any drivers and occupan's ot
car3 have had a handful of sand or
dust thrown into their faces by a child
star.ding In the road? (This seems to
be a favorite pastime of a nutnker of d3?
children playing on road at Baker- dav
ville and around Warren Park).
Some day a driver will be. for a
moment blinded by the dust and a
terrible accident follow.
Another trick of many children is
to attempt, when two or more cars
are coming, to cross between cars,
touch a certain base on one side of
the road and return between cars on
the other side.
Instances of such character toO
numerous to mention are seen every
day. This is not meant to defend anv
driver of a car who violates the traffic
law, but to remind the parents that
the children In their thoughtlessness
I are encouraging accidents which are
not due to drivers.
(Signed) "A READER"
Bisbee Suburbs
WARREN: Sunday School. 10 a. m.
Thursday, 4 p. ni.. Hart and Magaun.
SOUTH BISBEE: Sunday School 3
p. m. Tuesday, 4 p. ni.. Hart and
Magann. Tuesday, 7:30 p. m., pray
er meeting.
DON LI" IS: Sunday School. 10:30 a.
m. Wednesday, 4 p. m.. Hart and
Magann.
LOWELL: Sunday School. lf a. m.
Please take notice that Hart and
Magann. the Revivalists, will lioli
.-ervices for the school children of the
outskirt communities as follows: Tues-
4 p. m.. South Bisbee; Wednes
4 p. m., Don Luis; Thursday, 4
p. in. Warren All are welcome to
these services
J. RHYS EVANS, Minister.
SPANISH SERVICES
Sunday School 9:30 a. ni. at Volun
eer$ of America Hall. O. K. St
Preaching at 4:00 p. m. Christian En
deavor at 7:30 p. ui., topic. "Curse f
Cowardice," John IS: 15-27. Prayer
service Wednesday at 7:30 p. m. A
cordial welcome to all.
R. AVI LA.
Over 600 small vessels in New York
district have enrolled as naval euxili-aries.
OPERATOR ARRIVES.
Manager Campbell of the R. Allyn
Lewis brokerage office in Bisbee, an
nounces the arrival of W. H. Herring
ton from the E. F. Hotton offices at
Ixis Angeles, who will operate the
wire for the local office.
BASE BALL
T! Junction Briers, foimerly the
.Tunction All Stars, will play the 18th
'nf-tntrv Pt Wsirren Park Sunday,
Mrci ISth. 2:00 n m Admission
T.f. Ladies fre- Advertisement. 7S9
oRoya!
. eeatre
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 10:30 P. M.
IN THE SOUTH SEAS
A
LOVE AND PEARLS
FREEBOOTERS ATTEMPTING TO STEAL PRICELESS GEMS. FROM
YOUNG GIRL ARE FOILED BY THE BRAVERY OF ONE MAN. SEE THE
WILLIAM FOX
PHOTOPLAY WITH TH T MATCHLESS STAR
GEORGE WALSH
IN
"Tie
ADMISSION
10 AND 15 CENTS.
LAST LECTURE.
The last number of the lecture
course will be given Monday, March
2fi. nt the hich school auditorium,
John Kendrick Bangs, the noted writ
er pnd lecturer will be the speaker.
I He is a genuine "lover of folks" and
! bis lectures are n continual bubbling
i over of mirth. '
BUYS STUDEBAKER.
Joe Segar yesterday purchased a
seven passenger six cylinder Stude
baker series of 1918 frcm the Bisbee
Auto Company, making the fifth P' r
chaser within the last two weeks.
Line,
Ride on the American Stage
Bisbee to Doufelas. Phone 3G6.
Advertisement
35 00 tailor made uncalled for sua
S20 00. Miilard & Bateman, Allen
Block. Advertisement.
mm
Ask
Grandfather
He'll
Tefl You
Treat The Body As
A Delicate Machine
You would not let a machine built for efficient
work, get rusty and full of dust and dirt. Why
let the body, the most delicate of all machines,
pet rusty and run down from inattention?
Cleanse the Hood; that's the secret; keep it clean.
S. S. S proven for 50 years the best of all blood
tonics, will do it. Get a bottlo at your druggist s
TODAY and take it according to directions.
SWIFT SPECIFIC CO, ATLANTA, CA.
S.S.S. Keeps it Always Fit
COCHISE MOTOR COMPANY
Our storage battery repair and re-
cnarire uepartnient is use oesi eiiuip- i
ped in the District
expert in charge.
your buttery free when you think it ;
is i-oin u bnd. We are aeents and ser
vice stntion . for the famous Every-
p'suly Storrgi Unttery, absolutely j
guaranteed a-minst snipnatinc: aiso
buckling plated, the only battery that
is an Investment. Advertisement. S09
The Pneumonia Season.
The cold, damp weather of March
seems to be the moBt favorable for the
pneumonia germ. Now is the time to
be careful. Pneumonia often results
from a cold. The quicker a cold Is got
ten rid of the less the danger. As soon
as the first indication it a cold appears
. .1 1 1 .1..- r.A..nl. Etn.imrJl la
and we have an .laK lMI"u""ll"a v"1 """' "-U-l
us examine! f lo value of this preparation, ask
anyone who nas useu u. Auvrrusr-ment.
LAST CHANCE! LAST CHANCE!
Another sliiiighter on all good.. On
ly a few more days to close out the
remainder of cnods nt eive-away pric
es Him t " nit niMl f'py pre a'l con
pnd fien you b;'d ceire ear'ier.
V'l eoix's e'erv lere are on the rise,
rind at the iUieket Store I'ey Are on
l e decline In t.-ict. on tuc I'.iigain
Co'int -r. It KM KMBKit. ONLY A
'(W HAYS LKKT. Brewery tlulcli
Rscket Ptore. J. V. Woods. Prop.
Advertisement. "73 J
MASQUE BALL
UNION HALL
BISBEE
SATURDAY, MARCH 17.
PRIZES GIVEN FOR
BEST COSTUMES
DANCING 8:30
WARREN DISTRICT
The . . .
Beautiful
LYRIC
Program Changed Daily.
Continuous I to 10 P. M.
Today
World Film Corporation Presents
"AFTER DARK"
In 5 Reels.
William A. Brady's Greatest Stage Success
MUTT AND JEFF IN "THE RED CROSS"
Animated Comedy Cartoon
"BETTY AT THE WEDDING"
Pathe's American Fashions
Coming Wednesday Charlie Chaplin in V A WOMAN"
Admission Reserved seats 25c, lower floor 10c, baL 5c
SOCIAL CLUB. j
MINING
SECTION f
3 SOCIETY
SECTION I
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 19. NO. 243.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 18, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
?
V
4
-1
.1
s
.?
1
1
2
i'
!
4
r
A
i
A jo Mining Plant Is
Prepared To Handle
5000 Tons Ore Daily
March First Found the Mining Department of the New Cor
nelia Ready to Ship to the Leaching Plant All of 5000
Tons of Carbonate Ore Every Day. Entire Plant is Be
ing Rapidly Placed in
p Ore
rr
Eastern Wrie on Copper States That There is An Actuej
Shortage of the Metal, Especially "Spot" Copper. Pro
ducers Expecting a Large Buying Movement to Start
Within the Next Couple of Months. Foreign Stocks of
Metal Are Depleted.
March First, found ie mining department equipped and prepared to do
liver 5000 tons of carbonate ore to the leaching plant.
The completion of a few chutes will prepare the primary crusher to re
ceive and crush this ore. The 10.000 ton storage bin between the primary
and secondary crushers is rapidly nearing completion.
At the leaching plant, the steel structure designed to carry the solution
pipes and centrifugal pumps, is practically finished. The Hulett excavator is an unlimited supply of water power,
about 60 per cent complete. Asphalt paving between the leaching plant is Numerous industrial concerns have
j undergone a process of modernization
nearly complete. of Americanization, which secures to
At the solution storage, two of these tanks are lead lined and the wood' them still greater advantages than be
floor laid on the other two. fore. especially over backward
France "
At the reduction plant, three out of four of the 25 foot Wedge roasters, A de;scriptifm of thp cxpansion and
are erected and brick work is being laid in the first two. I renovation of the iron and steel in-
All lead anodes have beem made and about half or them have been placed J dustry, especially in tie production of
, the finer types of metals, follows, and
tanks. I mentjon jg. m!l(je Qf the discovery of
The power plant is being tested out. Both 7500 K. W. turbo generators surprising substitutes for copper,
have been tested, and found to be all right. The electrical work is nearly 90 which Germany, has been lacking. In
. . the field of chemistry, he adds, rapid
per cent, complete. advances have been made from the
At the townsite, the store building is being rushed and will probably be laboratory to the manufacturing stage
occupied within a month. Excavation for the company hospital Is nearly in the synthetic production of im
complet.
JANUARY COPPER OUTPUT.
Leading mines ana smelters oi
In January approximately 170,000,000
tions, this production
as furnished
Phelps-Dodge Co
Inspiration
Ray Consolidated .
United Verde
Calumet & Arizona
Miami
Arizona Copper
Old Dominion
Shattuck Arizona ...
Shannon
Consolidated Arizona
Montana:
Anaconda '
Kast Butte
Utah:
Utah Copper Co
Michigan (Lake):
Calumet & Hecla (& subs)
Copper Range
Quincy
Mohawk '.
Wolverine
Miscellaneous:
Chino
Nevada Consolidated
Kennecott
Imports:
Canada:
Grant
Mexico:
Greene-Cananea
South America:
Braden
Chile
Cerro de Pasco
Total
T'ie above figures by no means cover the entire production of the country
as a large number of small shippers sent their material to custom plants con- Three Compartment Shaft On depth in the winze -about 200 feet
trolled bv the Guggenheims and other smelting factors. ' , TkJ, ProDertv is Heine Sent and unless it should prove more
Included in the above total, however, is the United Verde bxtension win-
Ing Co. production estimated at 3.000,000 pounds for January, mis product
goe to several smelters and is contained in the totals of he Consolidated
Arizona Smelting Co.. and Phelps. Dodge & Co. The latter s production also
includes Mexican product from its Moctezuma property and from its Detroit
ii . ti,r r.Kinn. material Th. Anaconda total includes 2.600.-
000 pounds furnished by North Butte. Calumet & Hecla total takes into con
sideration the combined output of all this company's subsidiaries.
ON COPPER.
There is a real copper famine, says an Eastern writer on the subject.
There is no spot metal to be had, and the tig'it position of nearby copper is
still increasing, as valuable supplies up to July are fast disappearing from
the market and consumers are readily
advancing prices. Sales of very small q-.antities of spot copper are reported
(Continued on Page 7, Main Section.)
Condition to Produce and Treat
.
we two American conunenis prouuce-i
pounds of copper. Apportioned by see-
as follows (pounds):
15,500,000
11,600,000
7.767.6G3
6,000.000
5.892.000
5.020,370
4,100.000
3,000,000
1,415,303
759,000
1.500.000
28.250.000
62,554,33
M
79.520
29,729.520
13,913,S11 13,913,811
14.103,126
4.500,000
1.800.000
1,195.941
501,478
1
22,100,545
6,452,154
6,279,43
7.0S0.000 19,811,586
1 296 47G
5,700,000
4.798.000
7.756,000
6 172.000
27,372,476
175,482,274
taking the few offerings at steadily
AMERICAN SCIENCE i
IN GERMANY HELPS '.
NATION DURING WAR
i
Renovation of Iron and Steel
Industry Along U. S. Lines i
Only One Great Help C6m-
ing From America. I
Dl'SSELDORF, Germany. (Corre
spondence of The Associated Press)
. rrofessor Roth -of Grc-ifswaid gives an
i acount f some of the accomplish-
ments of German science since the
war in the Dusseldorf Anzeiger. He
gives first place to the "Americaniza
tion" of German industrial processes
by the application of American effi
ciency methods. He savs in part:
"In the first place, Germany has
learned in this war to make use of
her water power for the production of
electricity. This has been necessary
' for purposes of coal economy. This
use of water has powerfully contribut
ed to the saving of human labor, with
i the result that Germany can now pro
duce electrical energy almost as
cheaply as the countries possessing
portant organic compounds, as well as
j of such war material as rubber and
I explosives.
j "At'ove all. the chemical conquest of
tho aid f -if a crinuM uro tinix moda front
progress," he Fays. "The business of
extracting nitrogen from the atmos
phere has been so successful that in
1S17 the Government will be able to
dispose of five million tons of nitrous
manure, which is four times the
amount need in peace time. The
equally difficult problem of the pro
duction of glycerine, toluol, benzol,
sulphuric acid, has also ben solved."
PHELPS, DODGE & GO.
DECLARE DIVIDEND
Big Local Company Starts
Out the Year on a Dividend
of $24 Annually.
Playing a very conservative role.
directors of Phelps. Dodge & Co. start
ed 1917 dividends on a S24 annual
l basis, the same as they did a year
. ago, yet
the total disbursed during
t 1916 amounted to $32.50 a share
This
month the company will pay out $2,
700,000 to stockholders as a result of
a regular quarterly dividend of $2.50
a share and an extra of $3.50.
With production running close to
15,000,000 million pounds monthly,
the Phelps, Dodge properties have ad
vanced to a position where they con
tribute approximately 1S5.000.000 lbs. '
of copper to the country's annuul sup
ply. The bulk of this comes from the I
company's own mines. Copper Queen
and Detroit in Arizona, the Moctezu-
ma in Mexico and smaller properties
in this country-
RECORD SPEED MADE
AT C. & J. PROPERTY
Qown at Great Speed.
-KROME. Mar. 17. At the Calumet
& Jerome the sinking in the three
comDartment shaft is continued with
recor(i ppeed, Ml,d the continuance of
showings which are considered very
satisfactory and encouraging.
The way they are ging. the first of
May is likely to see them through the
secondary overburden, or down to
where they are likely to bo getting
into the primaries.
The Jerome Veide news of the
week is of a character to much en-
courage Calumet Jerome
expecta-
tions of a mine. It is likewise en-
rouraging to Gadcien. Combination
and others in the same vicinity.
NAVAL OFFICERS WHO DIRECT NATION'S FIRST LINE OF DEFENSE
:
ft
yy X y . j
c
F V Sc
v , 5 f v' i, ;;;; :
Left to right: Roar Admirals Usher. Fletcher and Winslow (above). Mayo and Win'.crhaltcr.
r.f the United States becomes involved in ur With Cermnny ail the fiphting that i3 done probably will lx
tin the sea The men who will direct the nation'-. ;!;st ;t" f ifrcnse pre shown above. Rear Admirals Mayo nn.l
V letcher are the leading oflicers of th Atlantic fleet. Rear Admiral Winslow commands tiie i'aeitic fleet." Keai
Altn:ral V'interh;iit?r is in chai-rv of the Asiatic i:ect. i.car Admiral L'.sher is commandant of the biRjresI
Vayy yaid in the United States, th? Urooli'ii nvj i'srf. Nc.v Vc- - -
SHAFT SINKING WILL
60 AHEAD RAPIDLY
AT GREEN MONSTER
Walter Harvey Weed Suc
ceeds William S. Humbert
on the Board of Directors of
Verde District Property. j
JEROME. March 17. Installation of
' the transformers ordered- last August
is complete, and already, a crew of
40 to 50 men is at work sinking on
the Green Monster property here. The
directors met last week and laid plans '
for the work, one result of which will j
be a speeding up of operations. I
The resignation as a director of
William S. Humbert of Phnentv vena
antpil anr, ,Vucr Hrv
,jne of the most noU?d m,nin?
0if1 nf ., i '
,lis Rtpa,, n u.pp,J , i
the meeting, and today, spent most of I
lua time on the property making a
thorough examination, both of the .
mineral showing and of the means be-'
ing employed to explore it.
Neill Bailey, the president, said that
the object jf the board Is to -proceed
as rapidly as possible with the work.
To facilitate this, a "mining com
mittee" of the board of directors has
been named and given full charge of
operations. ,
All the transformers are hooked up
and in service. The sinking opera
tions are being pursued in the winze
in the Revenue tunnel, which, it is
I said, will probably be made the main
' shaft on the property, though, it is
admitted that there are plans being
considered Tor another shaft in the
George tunnel, lo Rted on the Cliff
claim.
"We are down 80 feet in the winze."
said Mr. Bailey. "It doesn't look
probable that any other shaft will
have to he Ktartori We hnv nttninml
ecou'jnilcal to cut through this 200
feet to the surface, to secure gravity
haul for ores, it will not be necessary
to change the plan of operation."
Asked if it were true the tranfor
office of the corporation was to be
moved from Phoenix to Prescott,
Bailey said: "The board expressed no
opinion on the matter. The Phoenix
office has been giving satisfaction. But
we have had offers from several
houses in Prescott to take over this
w'jrk."
There are three tunnels on the prop
erty, all following good ore indications.
The directors stated that there were
no developments in the ore body, but
expressed great optimism over the
fa"t that work has been resumed after,
a tedious wait for equipment 1
I ill i
' Mil Kl-
i Ik V y
i ga,
.ti
t
if
VERDE COMBINATION .
! CONTINUES PROGRESS
Pleasing Indications Found in
The Tunnell and in the Up
raise to the Shaft
JEROME. Mar. 17 Verde Combi
nation continues with its rapid work
in shaft and upraise, the latter from
the tunnel to connect with the shaft.
There is the continued presence of
pleasing indlcatious in the ground
)... -A iitttnf. i-r iniipli sA flint en-
thusiesn, as to the future of this prop-
, . ... . .
erty is steadily ga.mng.
The machinery equipment- is now
. . . . V.I.-I. t . , ...on
in large pan ai v iai un.-.
(Continued 'on Pag Two)
PRESIDENT WILSON'S
NEWEST PHOTOGRAPH
r
Woodrow Wilson.
.W v;: . ... .... I H WSv
; mm y . m&
: . s w . 11 c, -j( .
n. i
Is 1
i
e - 4
" . -.3. ru
i
1
'A
1
SHORT HISTORY IS
HAD OF 85 MINE AT
LORDSBURG, N.
Property That is Now Produc
ing at a Considerable Rate
Has Had Interesting His
tory in the Last Twenty
Years.
The prominent outcropping
cious dikes near Lordsburi
of sili
, New
j Mlc. were in the ,arly
. traction to prospectors, the intiuations
' . . - ,.,
j
I rence of ore: tlius the canip'of tnake-
neare was one of tne ursi in
the
Southwest to be prospected.
In the year 1SS5 Matthew Doyle and
Vic van Hull located five mining
claims on a prominent mountain two
and one-hulf miles southwest of Lords
burg, one of which they named the
"85" on ac(unt of the year of the lo
cation, and on which they proceeded
to do development work on the main
vein later opening up a good gra(k-
of copper, gold and :lver ore. About
one vear later some San Francist'J
mining men heard of the strike at the
"85" and they made Doyle and van
j Hall a proposition which was accepted.
1 These men did further development
! work at the mine and incidentally in
'curred a heavy indebtedness at the
' Roberts Leahy Mercantile Co., at
. Lordt-burg.
j The Sun Francisco Interests were
not successful with the mine and it
was soon acquired by Jas. A. Leahy.
who. together with Carl r . uunncgan
and Albert Kitch. Worked the property
for about a year shipping on an aver-
age or one hundred tons of ore daily
from the main vein. Mes.ir. Leahy.
Punnegan and Fitch were very suc
cessful in their operations of the "85"
mine and took out ore that brought
the mine into prominence.
In 1906 a mining engineer by the
name f W. P. Black was en route to
Clifton. Arizona, to look over some
mining property there and in passing
through Lordsburg he saw some of the
ore from the "85" mine and immediate
ly became interested. He inspected
the property and made the owners a
proposition which was accepted. Previ
ous to this the Warner brothers were
working on a speedometer, one per
fecting the invention and the other on
the road providing funds to carry on
the work. While on an El Paso train
the latter met Mr. Black who told him
of the possibilities of the "85" mine.
After the Warner speedometer met
with its phenomenal success and was
sold to the Stewart company. Mr. War
ner was looking for a good invest
ment and lenif 'inhered his conversa
tion with his acquaintance about the
"S5" mine. Coming to Lordsburg in
(Continued Vu Page To)
II BILUOI
i POUNDS FOR
MARCH II
Copper Output for the Verde
District in the Month of
March is Forecasted in th
Neighborhood of 10,000,
000 Pounds.
MANY PROPERTIES
WORKING AT CAMP
Payroll Approximately $700,-
000 Per Month, ttttsburg
and Jerome Development
Work Goes Rapidly to the
Front.
(By William P. De Wo:!)
PRESCOTT.. -Arizona. Ma.-(h 17 -Recent
wage raises mulp U t:ie rni:i
eri of the jYpome Copper be't T;-. ou
furmity v.iih the advance in t: a '.ir
ate price of copper per pound il iri-.g
February, will incras,. the mine pay
roll there to above iTeu.i'Oi) ihe cur
rent month. The on: pat fur V..;n h
will he in excess of 10.01 i.n-". At u:
averae price of 27 cents p r jv.M:d
this output will have a vaii.e i.f ap
proximately $2.70.i'"O. T-vorty ti' e
mining properties nr undersoil..: i!e
ve?.ip:i)ent there. Within a fr crk
about a dozen o:h- r prer.;. . un.n
which Winter laid a nst-aii.iu li'U.t.
will cgaiu be operative.
The recent strike of Hack t:ii !
at the property of tiie Jen -ve Vi
Cooper cotuDacv. wl-.il not a
erv of first macnrlL.le.
tv nc-
cepted as indicali'i ot the pr.'
of a l::ree body of ik.v oro Bt
t !
and of the va;;.- ot l!:e tUW a.- a
milling asset, in f:u t. the strike in :.
with cons ill ..-ruLIe aurer.i -. te a -cepied
as i.uliiativ e ! tne nvi'.n; .i
tion into Jerome Verde j-rcvn ! o! tii
rich boiiy exposed in tin- I'n't -C.
Verde Est nsion coin; a y's rr- '-'rt .
adjoining. With t!;e n'.r.'t r, ut
the s:ti!;e aiiii tlif quick b.t-.ua- i:i
the price of Jerome Ver K !.:. .
that inde!;UiJb!e j.o:-s:p r. lUi M.m
Humor, for the steenih time i ir u'.-.t.-ii
the report, thai c.-r.-.nd i' Joro.ne
Verde is vested wUh t:ie l)i:--!is in
terests, owners of Ven'.e Il.-.t -n i' .11
ground. As in the :it. t'.ere appears
to be notliinir local1 y lo warrat.t the
assertion save the iact tlial tii m..n
aenient of the two co!i.a:ii. s an
working in harmon.v an I eih has !:-e
access to the other's propi T:y iu the
interest of development.
Pittsburg i Jeroire Susy.
IH-vt-lopnit-nt of t'ie I'ittvburc A: Je
rome property is pi"gressi:ii: ar.:a.--torily
and is attended l.y mineral con
dition indicative of the presence of
high grade copper ore a, d piti. Th
company's main tunnel i:. now ap
proximately lirill feet beyond the shall
and 400 feet below the :"i--fH.t level.
The tunnel has at this time a lepi.t:i
of about 2'i'0 feet an. I the s: a:t s
depth of ufout f-f feet. The r-t.it.
comprises 3!r acr -s ana l..-s a ti-.le
and a quarter to the s. it'n ef t ie
I'liited Ver.'e and tii.- I :rt .! Ver-
E. tension ii'.in--s. Hie t :r i'orir.4
tion is decid.-diy lavojhtl - to th
liiscovrry of a lar.e a-i.I hiMy n in
erulized body of n-i r i .-- ;-.t a liepi
of from 12!l to 1 .V'O teei. iVnaiii.:
in the shaft and tuaneM-' :vl fmphjt
to those aho e yruiiPil.
Operations have bein resjr.ied t
Ihe property of the Lucky Str.ke JI u
ing corupany. tt'ir:iii rly the Mes'i
Copper company), in tli Zi iia conn
try. Concurrently, a contract was en
tered into ith i lie Great Western
Smelters iVriioration to s!-ip a iar-
tonnage of ironbiariaj o-e to the li ter's
plant near Mayer. IV!ive:y s
to start at once. Th.s ore a!-o car
ries a copper content of consi.iera'i!'.
value a condition which. !!. I 'o
its value to the tmiUer p-i'i.ie as a
tlux. by reason 'of its iron content as
sures the Lucky Strike n.aniaeneiit
an excellent protit on all hipnieni.i.
Strike Gold-Copper Ore.
At a depth of teet body of
gold copper ore lias bet n entered in
the MVTito Cri.-to mine, one of the (v
niiius silv. r bonanza- of th:s jec'ioa
two decade asn. Th-. s:ril,e !- i cre
ated cnnsidt ratile ai iten ent t'lrush
out Yavapai county, an.l no re espe
cially in the Co:-.st"l!t:n ru;.try,
where the property is lvnttd. The
(tT)niinacd cn I'at:e lour) 1
TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW.SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 18, 191?.
COMPRESSOR WILL BE
INSTALLED THiS WEEK
ON DIViDEPROPERTY
Fairbanks-Morse Three Die ill
Compressor Will be in Op-j
eration at Bisbee-Tomb :
stone During the Present
Week. !
Purchasing a Fairbanks-Morse three
drill compressor, which will be on the
ground tomorrow or Tuesday, the I'is-bee-Tombstone
Copper Company is
making strides in the direction of ex
tensive development. Work is being
lapidly prosecuted on the property
and the surface indications, which
were excellent to start with, have
been much improved with depth.
Distillate will be used as the mot
ive power l:r the new compressor.
The company will shortly install a
hoisting engine capable of handling
shaft work to the extent of 500 feet
in depth. This machinery should be
on the ground and in working older j
within the next couple of weeks. ,
The shaft, on the east end of the
property, is now sixty five feet djep
find is showing stringers of high
grade sulphide ore and the formation
is changing. Thoi in charge of the
development are forecasting that good
ore may be found within the next thir
ty or forty feet of sinking.
On the west end of the property ore
has been uncovered by surface trench
ing, which clips to the northwest at
an angle of about thirty degrees. A
shaft has been started, about 10 feet
to the northwest of this- open cut.
which cuts this ledge of ore at be
tween fifty and seventy five feet.
Bring your wrtches and jewelry to
I.owel! Jewelry Sho. Official w.itch
inspectors K. P. & S. W. i;i'iho:id.
Advertisement 24
THE PURE M!LK DEPOT
(Allen T.lock)
.Pellfious l:o;ne made butter,
costs san e as any otlyr. Try it.
Advert isetr.ent.
no
U. S. TRADE WITH
ALL OTHER POWERS
PCTnofiRAD. (Cnrrepond m-e or
the Associated Press) DiTin.g tile
past year, the l"n;ted States led the
world among nations trading with
Russia. Complete figures of Hussia's
i:nports for 1916 are not yet available,
hut it is believed that they will show
that approximately half of Russia's
total imports ceaie from the t'niied
States.
The imprt figures are always given
out separately for European Ru:sia
and Asiatic Kussia. Kor the first
eight months of 1916. the imports into
European Russia were as follows:
fiom Great Britain 201,r,00.0'.iO roubles:
from the I'nitejl States. ISO.DOP.OO:
from France 6S.5ofl.O(ttl roubles: from
Japan, 2C.500.O00 roubles. Hy way or
Siberia, the following additional im
portations were received, these fig
ures, however, being for seven months,
from Great Dritain, 51,000,00ti roubles:
from I'nited States. 2"t.lHjO.OOO rou-
bles; from Japan lll.Soo.OoO ribles.
On a basis of these figures, the total
for the year may be roughly estimated
as follows for the whole 'of Russia :
From I'nited States. 670.000,000 rou
hies- frrvn Crput rtritajn "I'tO OftO 110(1
roubles: from Japan CI'O.OOO.OUO rou
bles. Apparent'y th"se figures do not in
clude war iiu'iterials consigned direct
to tin! Russian government.
Great Verde Extension at 40c is the
lowest price close-in stock in the Je
rome District. Property ajoins United
Verde Extension in a direct line
"E AST" from United Verde. Look at
your map. See what this means.
Jerome-Verde and Dundee-Arizona
both have the ore. Figure it out your
self. Buy now while the price is low.
GREAT VEPvDE EXTEN
SION SYNDICATE
PHOENIX, ARIZONA.
Agent, A. C Anderson,
Bisbee, Arizona.
! r-r ati: departments
! ! PORTRAIT OK CKYAN
r "
mi
The lirvan porlra..
Vhe portra.t of W.'iiam I
jchi.li i i I ium;.' in the oteire of ;!.
secretary of .state at Wahi'ij.f r
; ::intei by Irvirg V:!e -if -w
Vork. The (I'jour.icM which .V:
I'rvan la holding is labeled "i'ciic
illan."
Ill
'II
in
GOLD PRODUCTION
I
Production of Yellow Metal
I for 1916 Falls Off, Due to!
the Reduction in Production
in U. S. and in Australia.
XKW YORK. March 17. The Lon
!on Stat is estimates world gold pro-;
auction for 1916 as t9".7;.".0(i(i. or
? !6.".Vri.7liO. This is a decrease of
cAise upon JU2.0i'0.0o, or 9.733.t'O0. j
compared with 191 . principally due to
ailing off in Australia and I'nited
-iates, partly offset by an increase of
nearly l.OO'i.OwO in Airica output
The countries forming part of the
British empire contributed for 1916
two-thirds of world's output.
The most important field is the
W'itwartersrand. which with the adued
rmall output :t outride districts of
.he Tiansvall, produced in 1916 about
;39,.1fto.Oiit a
record annual output
is was also that of Rhodesia. v.3.t'f,
00i. Australia's total was CS.8tJ.000:
Canada. M 4,0.".0.0oij : India 2.?.W,noO,
and the I'nited States. 19.037.000.
Detailed figures ot estimated sold
production compare (('00 omitted):
Transvaal
Rhodesia
:'est Africa
Toial Africa ..
' VHal Australia
J India
I '."aflada
Total British empire
I'nited States
Mexico ,
Russia
Other countries
drain! total
1
' 1
1 s r
-. ' . - - L. A
BEST BUY AT
THE ADVANTAGES OF LOCATION
-SCVfNTH IN A STRAIGHT LINE-2 MILES
I I'NITED ''JtJtOMC VCRDur.fTrT
': - JCOPPLn -''j COMPANY J VnZ VCC .iV
sKrovPw-. vr --A .... r-vy . -
VJ jrwii'ifo zZf-""' J-srv"'"t t-0"nro
Great Verde Extension
Syndicate.
JEROME, ARIZONA
ft Mail me. r Ret,
map of Jerome
copy of "Copper
N.ime
Street
Town
State
350,000 WOMEN IN
FRANCE ARE WORKING
IN MUNITION PLANTS
Fair Heroines Are Pronounc
ed More Skillful Than Men
In Many Jobs Requiring a
Delicacy of Touch.
PAKIS, (Correspondence of The
Associated Press) Three hundred
and fifty thousand .women are now
working in the government controlled
munition works in France. Albert
Thomas, the Minister of Munitions, in
talking of their work to The Associat
ed Press said :
I "Thev are more skilful than men in
things requiring delicacy of touch,
quickness of hand, such' as the mount
ing of rifle parts or the rolling of fus
es. They are particularly good 't
laminating work, ' ;
"Then on the heavier labor! Look
at the women on cranes lifting five
tons! I have in mind a scene in hea
vy mechanical management in a copper-working
miil. An active girl ol
j nineteen on a traveling crane is so at
tentive to her work that she antict
pates the slowing down and stopping
signals of the men who guide the load
to its place. Leaning over the rail
ing, without taking her hand from
the handle of the electric wheel, hei
eye judges the movement of her ma
chine thirty or forty feet below. The
people underneath working In coop
eration with her know- thnt she will
slow down at the necessary instant.
1 It is a fine example of intelligent and
trained teamwork.
"This woman sewed ready-made
clothing before the war. Her physicaj
I labor was spent on the pedal of a sew
j ing-machine. Now she has only to
j move a lever. Passing from feminine
; employment to some of the heaviest
! work of men. she has said that she
j never w;orked 'at so profitable a trade
1 and with less fatigue. Instead of ped
j p.llnp twelve hours a day she prefeis
; managing a traveling crane for eight.
! The same qualities suffice. Instead
of following the way of the needle.
she surveys the descent of the 1n:id.
MarinelloFace Powder
Is Different
"PORMS a real protection
-actually clings to the skin and pre
vents the disastrous effects that other
wise follow exposure. It is delightfully
different, as a single trial will prove.
If you have never tested it, send Ten
Cents and we will send you a miniature box
ef Powder, some Motor Cream, Tooth Pati
Hand Jolly. Phantom Pot.t)t and valuaUe
lieauty Guide. Free deir.on.-,traiion at
MCDONALD'S MARIN ELLO SHOP
Rear Ar.gius Store, Phone 305
1916
x:;!t.48r,
P..896
1.615
44.996
8.SI2
2.;:oo
LO.'iO
60.1 KS
19.o;;7
2.500
fi.nno
!.0M),
95.72.";
1915
Mj.627
:!.8'2
1.706
44,147
9.996
2."66
3.900
60,109
0."00
3,000
fi.Ono
S.000
97.7U9
1914
1 35.358
3.580
1.727
4'.895
8.624
2.." 10
3.230
r,6.M
19.5"0
:::oo
5.500
8.000
92.8X9
1913
37,358
2.903
1.634
41.896
10.836
2.300
3.36U
58.392
1S.20O
3.600
5.250
8.0"0
93.152
40c
LONG
your nanay
District and a
Dollars."
The World's Greatest Motor Car Value
Quality, care and skill, from first
to last, are responsible for the final
merit of the Maxwell Car. And
merit is the first and most im
portant reason why you should se
lect one of these cars.
The Maxwell Price is ac
knowledged to be very reason
able; but it is the combination
of merit and price that has
earned for the Maxwell its posi
tion as THE WORLD'S
GREATEST MOTOR CAR
VALUE.
Touring Cmr SSJS
StJan fHS
All prices f . o.f b. Detroit
$350 Cash balance
STEWART
LOWELL, ARIZONA.
iL
They see from below the stern ntten-:
ion of her eyes."
M. Thomas has noticed il.iit women .
have brought iuto iron-workini; trades;
a personal consideration of workniK-!
:eople for on another. j
"Wotiten from dressmaking and mil1 '
iinery shops, for example," said he,
'comini; into ruder workshops' insist .
upon couitesy. They w ill not tolerate ;
coarseness and rouahness of bea litis. ;
They brin,? into the . metal-working ;
:nills their own standards of deport-1
r.ient and the men adopt them. The '
change where lar;e numbers of wom
en are employed has been reaiarka
Lle." M. Thomas was elected as an ex-
.reiiie socialist, one of the 103 mem
bers of the I'nilied Socialist group in
larlianient. Me knows the feelings
of working men in France more thor
oughly, perhaps, than any other mem
ter of the cabinet.
"I have an impression," said M.
'rbomns, "that an idea has spread in
merica that the workingmen's par
ties in France are growing indifferent
toward the war. I would like to cor
lert that view if it exists. The French ;
working mcu are Frenchmen. There
fore they are penetrated profoundly
', y the French national spirit, exalted-
:n tins period or '-ar so jiowiTiuity
hat privjiK; and perutal interests
':ae bi-eit nn-rged in the national in-
'erest. The imii . id'inl sor.I. as it
.vi'i'i', has been absorbed for the ti;ne
! ein into the collective soul. The
nersontil habiN of men, the thimy;
'k-ar to them in their daily round, the
molivcs which inspired x their lives,
their very opinions concerning soiial
. ltd political arrangements, have for
;he time become so absolutely second
ary that they seem not to exist. The
national aspiration to win the war
and to do everything that can con
tribute to that result, is supreme in
individual life throughout France, re
: ardless of what a man's occupation
is or what his iudivjdu:il ambitions
.cr(.. The French working 111. ill.
then-fore, whether he is serving in
the trenches or whether he is serving
in lh workshop, lias a. supreme aim.
that 'lit to contribute to the saMing of
France, to do soinelliiii toward Ihe
'Uiiting from French territoiy of the
invader and to do something for I!el-
ium, for Kurope."
II
('oiitiiiilcil I iciiu Faij" Otic)
i:;c iim-iiI il lii-giii its halibut: ' lh
"ijnv just ii.e soon as it tun hate an
tiiiobsi i in-led road, whic h will be- some
time during the coming week. To the
I'tvseiit time it has not been cleeineci
wise to iiltelupl to get over t tic- suit
-ln'iiiil. in whic h nine h traffic has
daily In-i ll stalled. Such of the equip I
tiifiii as Im not at Chitl.dale is cn j
mute.
35
Cafrrt'acf tt
Town Car Hit
$50.00 per month.
GRANT,
PHONE 249
SHORT KISTOHY iS '
05 filE
(CotitinuiHl Fro:n 1'agt (ne
J.i07 he sought Mr. Clack, who showed
i'.im the property. Being a business
:::an and Tf.it a miner the difference
was pointed out to him between the
dump and the ore piiu. Becoming inter
ested he asked the price, which was
allied at $75,000. aud in his business
like manner, Mr. Warner replied. "I'll
take it" Those interested with him in
pie venture were his brother and two
business associates. The mine was
now owned by Arthur ami Charles
Warner, of Bcloit. Wis., James Barclay
r.nd B. Y. Yates. James Barclay then
came to Lordsbur.g and began the first
extensive development work at the
"85" mine. It proved a success from
the start and as development progress
ed the tonnage has iucreased. Mr. A.
interreden is now manager and Mr.
I'. A. Kroll Is chief engineer.
It is reported that the mine is now
producing 500 to 700 tons per d;iy that
nverage $20 per ton in copper, gold
:nd silver. The main shaft is now
lown 550 fe.t and is being sunk t
the 650 fi.Vt level and as values have
:neriMsed with depth a much hii't'-r
; rade of ore is expected.
The "85", Nevada and Atwood, which
:'te three of the mine's main veins, run
: "".rough the property of tiie "85" Kx
; -nsion Copper company, the Atw ood
halt being sunk at the conjunction of
Die AtwcAxI an.l Nevada vein anil car
i !es th:- same values as its neighbor,
ilowever. the "85" Kxten-ion Copper
company does not depend on the suc
cess of the other mines of the district
l-ut stands entirely upon its own mcr
l'S. neither is it necessary to diamond
.'rill for ore, from $10 ir $.;o ore be
ing opened up by ope n cuts and tin;
twood shaft which is down 310 feet
As most of the treasury stock has al
li'ady been plac ed this company is ex
pected to make a record for epii' kly
n.i uciiig.
:a1l Stones, Cancer ana Vtceis of the
-'ouiac-h mid Intestines, Auto-lntoxi-
.ilion. Yellow Jaundice1, Appendicitis
:id ilicr fatal ailiuctits resull from
tomucli Trouble. Thousands of
tomacli Siiffeivrs owe tlieir complete
cowry to Mavr's Wonderful Keiu-
dy. I.'nlike any other for Stomach
vilnienls. I'"nr sale by llisbce lung
i'ii.. Iivvell lirug Co.. I.nwill. .i iiuiii.
;d all other reliable: dt uggifcl.t.
'. hamberlain's Cough Rcnedy a Favo
. ntc for Colds.
.1. L. Fa ley. Mae on. 111., in speaking
i f Chamberlain's Cough lleiue'dv. sas,
I mring the p;i-t lilteeil vears it has
i "I'll 111 ;.i:-l'TV lavor'te llleelieille f"l'
-ibis oil the 1 IIIL.S lll::il hiivi-
t ilM-n if a number o tiun;. w l e. n M'ft
rin. with a cold and it alwa; . rdicv
c.l me: jll'jUlptlv ." AJ Cl'li -CUjellt.
PROF. JERRILL
CLAIRVOYANT, ASTROLOGER.
Located at Lowell Hotel.
Tells your name, why you called,
whom and when you marry, gives
dates, facts about all you wish to
kuow. Tells i.f deaths, journeys,
l.iwsuits, business investments, etc.
Reunites the separated, locates the
lost.
SKCRET IN'FLl'KNCE
He will teach you hew to fascinate
:my one yon desire: how to make your
enemies your friends; cause a speedy
marriage with the one of your choice.
(POWER OF CONTROL)
The all-wise Creator did not endow
y;,u with high idctils. noble inspira
tions, desire for happiness and in re
turn for that great love-craving within
your heart and breast, without at the
same time placing within your reach
the means for attaining those dcsir".
and wishes. PROF. JERRILL knows
l.ow to control that POWER for your.
success. In this line of work Pilot-.'
JHRRIT.L recognizes no competitors.
He will make yru
?l'CCESSKl'L IN YOUR BUSINESS
and all other affair
V. rtaining to human welfare.
His prices are within the reach of all
Special Reading $1.0
Psychic Reading 2.f")
I'ull Reading ::.t'0;
FREE FREE
SPECIAL FOR THIS WEEK
To all who obtain a full reading
will be given
ABSOLUTELY FREE
an ASTROLOGICAL HOftOSCOI'V:
prepared for tli" sign of the Zoclb.c
in which they were horn, giving the
characteristic s, faults, diseases they
are inclined to, fortunate and un
fortunate nerirds. busir."-s and lin
ance, investments mid speculation.;,
inlierif.iti! e and biwsuit inurpcy i
and travels, friends, enemies, lr.e
courtship and n arriif srn, an inspira
tional delineation aitii t?:e probable
yearly forecasts. The regular prico
of til is f ii;roscc pc bis "iccn 00.
It v ill be given FiiK!': to nil who
get a full reading duiiii this wefc.
Vatkiiis & Bergquist
Quality Jewelers
The Best Opticians
I The HALLMUK vore
COPI'ER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best ot everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 50c luncheon daily. Also $1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER .
Correspondents: Paine, Weber &. Co.,
Boston. Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
N.
A 'jl.
1 J
Ay
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL MARKS. Mjr.
I
I
! J. B.
j ANGIUS
j -
! PURE.
! FOOD
IGROCER '
i
Phone 29.
EYE NERVE GLASSES
Permanently located
in Bisbee, except
Mondays in Dou?la.s.
Room 1, Maze
x ' Euildin.
DR. R. GLAZE, Neurologist.
Phone 156.
Residence Phone, Black 420.
O. K. LIVERY
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
FHONE 58
HEINO&KEANE
Cleaning, Pressing and Re
pairing $J.25 a Suit,
Suits frcm $25 to $55.
All work done on the premises
by Union Tailors.
Phone G77, Johnson Addition.
nH!nHi$TtR s PiLtS
P. T-;: n:A-.Tccr csami, a
i?,:?: -'jOMr :r?,-u n. ,
SOLS F k' P31 G'TS V-fkWil RE
PAINT IS A HOUSE
PRESERVER
of Highest kind And the belle-
lie paint the In-tter it pre
serves, i let sum-' of ours if yo'i
want to ein Hie wi.e thiiif;. ('ir
p.illlt ibie sll'l or e r.n k. thus
le 11:1.4 iii the rain a1t! simw.
I'ur paint 'li'isu'l .wear out in
.spct. It wears imi t-vcii'v l"e"
-'i b vv y tluil mil- e i.at w;ll im
la t two or more of ordinary
pa 1 u(.
Company, inc
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE 23. THE BISBEE, DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 18, 1917.
THREE
SOCIETY
The Monday Musical club made its until lute in tho afternoon. Beautiful
initial appearance ct the Y. M. C. A. potlory bowls were the prizes award
Wednesday evening. The program led to high score. Tea, coffee, sand
was a well arranged one, including , wiches, olives. tarts, almonds, cake,
choruses, instrumental selections. ' candies and minis were served to the
solos, duets, and auurtettts. The! guests. Mesdames Fry and Herendecn
chorus, consisting of Mesdames J. .
Klien. G. O. Rhodes, .1. P. Williamson,
John V. retty, E. G. Ruffner. V. K.
Qx sheer. Staples, Werts. Robinson.
Grant. Sam Frankenberg. P. Sims
and Miss Cornelia Ellinwood. was ably
balanced. The numbers under the di
rection of Miss MeCall were Matthews'
Cradle Song. Clark's "A I!owl of
Roses" Pel Riego's "O. Pry Those
Tears." and Hawley's "Sweet and
'Low." The numbers were well Te -
ceived. Mrs. Eugene Ruffner was
heard at her best in Bonn's "Still Wie
'. Die Xaeht." Tid Lohr'a "Little Crav
Home in the West." The club was as
sisted by Messrs. Tuell, Williamson,
Blair and Hooper.
"Evening" end the old ballard,
'When You and I Were Young, Mag
gie, were me numoers given dv me .
quartette. Mrs. Sam Frankenbcrp. j
president or the club, proved herself
to be a musician of ability by her
interpretation of Liszt's "Love Dream"
and the difficult rendition Of I.eschet
izky's xiuante from "Lucia," with the
left hand. A tiuaitett composed of
Mesdames Wertz, Williamson. Klien
and Rhodes sang Costa's "In a Still
Small voice."
Mesdames John V. Petty and Wertz
rendered with technical perfection
Kontski's "The Awakening of the
Lion." Mrs. William Sims pleased in
AUit sen's "Song of Pawn." and Myer
Hellmend's "The Vow."
The program Opened and closed with
national hymns in which the audience
was requested to stand and join the
singing.
Thp entertainment was for the ben
efit of the Y. W. C. A. and the clnb
was able, to turn over one hundred
dollars to the general fund of the I
association. ,
Mrs.' P. M. Buckwalter entertained
Mesdames J. J. Flanigan, H. M. Gal-
legher, J. W. Klien. Creo. Craig. Fred
Sutter. Scruggs, T. Olsen, J. P. Taylor,
' G. Fitzgerald and Misses Katherine
Hipp and Louise Williams at her home
in Warren Friday afterifoon. Tea, cof
fee, sandwiches, almond, cake, candies
and nuts were served from a green
decorated table.
Mr. L. McWhorter entertained a din
ner party of kix at the Country Club
Sunday.
I
Mrs. E. E. Ellinwood and Miss El
linwood entertained at bridae tea at
their home on Clawson Hill Thursday. J
The tally cards were favors of St.
Patrick's day and bridge was enjoyed ,
NURSE HAD
POOR HEALTH
Suffered Much Pain, Yet Had
to Work. Finally Cured by !
Lydia E. Pinkham's Veg- j
etable Compound.
Toledo, Ohio. "1 am a widow nnd go
out nursinc and suffered from a
ifemale trouble
that caused a great
deal of soreness
across my back, und
through "my abdo
men. Sometimes it
would be venr pain
ful after a hard'
Ufiy s work. I read
about Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vege
table Compound
and tried it and it
has helrvd me wr tr
uer fill :y, so thi? soreness is all pone now.
I beheve Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege
table Compound is just the remedy for
Tcmale troul3." Mrs. ELIZADETU
John, R. F. L. No. 4, Toledo, Ohio.
Lydia E. rinl:h?.: Vegetable Com
pound, majr from native roots and
herbs, contains no r.crcodc h&rmful
drugs, and today is regarded r.s the
most successful remedy for female ills.
There are thousands of voluntary testi
monials on file in the I'inkham labora
tory at Lynn, Mass., to prove thit
fact.
hniiritt: riu.i
' ; i 1 h
t ' if
Doctor Tells How To Strengthen
Eyesight 50 per cent In One
Week's Time in Many Instances
A Free Preeription You Can Have I
Filled and Use at Home j
riiilnilelphi:!. Pn. loon wear gl.-iwi?
Are ynii :i victim 'f eye Mr.-iiti T uthT
v" wcnknessii If mi, you will N glad
to I;di- tb.it iiiirdiug to Dr. Iwisl
ther i real lior fur you. Many whos.J
eves Wi-re tailing s:iy they h.-ive b;nl their!
fi-i" restnnii iiirnngn me priin ipie in
tins woii'lert ul fiii" prceriitiu. One
man s:is. after trying it: "1 w:is almost
liliml : miiM nut see to rend lit ull. New
1 enn -'-:i! evrytliiiiB without any glasses
and in;- ejes lo lint water any more. At
tiislit li".v mould pain dreadfully; now
tbey feel file I'll the time. It was like
n miniele to me." A Ind.v who u.sed it
hats: "The alinosnliere seemed linxy with
or r.-it'ioiit Itis i-x. !iml :ifl t iimiir tins
r.rf.r'rililiiiii 1. tV 'llteell it:!. e. r I'V I ill lllf
iu-eiiia clear. 1 ctm evil re:ul lin" ll int !
without glasses." It is believed tlmt
thousands who wear Blades con now dii
firH tliem in u ren'Win.nhlp timo ond mul-
tit'ides more will be able to strenethen I
Ihfir e;.es .is to he spared the trouble I
pre.-ided. Tlie guests were Mesdames
N". C. Bledsoe, M. Jl. Sterling. Yont, of
Prescntt. Arthur Notniun. E. A. Fol
som, Hover Pi -It on, Ralph Ilercndeen.
E. L. lllair, W. P. Sims. Eugene
flrouahtoii. Ralph Cdwell. Cleon T.
Knapp. Frank .Iiilifl'. William GOhring.
R. 1!. ImrHe. C. H. Hunt, T. L. Hous
ton. C. V. Philhrook. J. E. Fry and
Misses Goodbody. Louise Williams
I aud Katherine Hipp.
'
The Baptist Aid passed a pleasant
day Thursday at the church. A prayer
. service was held in the morning with
thirteen attending. At noon a deli
cious luncheon was served to the
members. The afternoon was passed
in sewing for the aid.
Those present were Mesdames W. E.
Oxsheer. W. E. Bryan. G. A. Plunkett.
J. H. Hranaman. H. E. Morgan, F. M.
Pitman, J. P. Russell, W. H. Copper.
O. W. Harshroan. J.: C. -Nelson; O.
L- Mathena, C. Fiteh. Oscar Oilman.
Geo. Gilman. A. Gannan, Walter
Knowles. M. L. Butter, R. O. Owen,
L. Reed, Adams, Hilton, C. F. Butler,
R. C. Scott, .1. Fisher, Murry Gibson.
Further meetings' have been post
poned until after the revival
Mrs. W. X. Little and Mr. T. R.
Houston, of Louisville. Ky.. are visit
ing Mr. and Mrs. T. L. Houston at
the hitter's home on Clawson Hill.
TWENTIETH CENTURY CLUB.
The Better Babies Week of the club
closed Saturday afternoon with the
awarding of the medals to little Miss
Florence Neil Jones, who was pro
nounced the most perfect baby In the
district. Jane Mueller Potter and
vonne uyseus tiea ior me smaller
! girls' first prize, while James McLoy
and Asa Theodore Hoy tied for the
smaller boys' prize. One hundred and
sixteen babies were examined physical
ly and mentally.
The Warren members of the Twen
tieth Century' flub will be at M)me to
the members Tuesday at the Y. M. C.
A., the regular social afternoon. In
vitations have been issued by the club
for a Bal Masque which will be given
at the Eagles Hall Wednesday, March
28. Prizes are offered for the pretti
est costume and the best represented
characters. The regular Club Pay will
be March 19 at the Y. M. C. A.
The St, John's Guild was entertained
Thursday afternoon at the home of
Mrs- Burgess. Tea was served
to ,ne members.
.
!.
The officers of the First Infantry
Naco entertained with a farewell p;.r
ty Saturday evening. Pancing was en
joyed and the guests were served a
delicious dinner. Twenty guests were
present from Bisbee.
GOINO! G-OING-"
gone: itt
I WAS wedged in
LIKE A sardine on my
WAY HOME last night
BUT THE woman just ahead
Of ME was well groomed,
AND THE very sight of her
'J'
Si
i
HAIR RESTED my tired nerves.
SHE HAD a little girl
BESIDE HER and when the L. a
CALLED HER "Grandma"
I ALMOST fainted I V
BELIEVE YET that it was
A PET name because sha
LOOKED SO yoang.
IF SHE does not use
NEWBIWS HERPiCJDE
I AAI a poor gnesaer. v.
Yours for beautiful hair,
aud expense of ever eettini; "lasses. Eye
trouble of many descriptions may be
wonderfully benelited by full.. whir the
simple ruies. Here is the prescription :
Go to any m tive drue More ami get a
little of r.n-4 ipto tablets. liop one
I'on-Op'o tablet iu a fourth of a ehim
of water ami allow to dissolve. With
this li.tiiil bat lie the eye two to four
times daily. You should notice your eyes
clear up iierccptibly right from the start
and inflammation will iuickly disnpiienr.
If your eyes are botherinx you. even n
little, tuke steps to save tlieni now before
it is t.H late. Many h.iM-l.ssly blind
might have been saved if they had cared
f..r their eyes in time.
Not-: Anotiier prominent Hiyiri.m to whom
thcuiKive article a snlimitteil. mi Mi: "Bontto
is i vrrv n iimnni.le ii-nieiiv. Its rotistitiient
i'lvriili.-iiti. ttr well 1 hum n t eminent eye tiee
i .11 iiimI w iijclv .rc'-riiKtl l.i tilClll. 'Pic iiifin-ul:t.-t.ir.-is
tr.i.ir.nit-c il to Kticn-tuen cemuht
fill m-t eei.t in one week time in nrmv inslaneen
or refund the money. It can he obtained trots any
ro.ni tirui-irist and w one of the verv few prepara-ti-ns
I teel should he kept on hand for recuUruar
in ilmiwl even- tamilv." It is ld in thicitvhy
BISBEE DRUG CO.
NEW YORK WOMAN
IS LEADING FIGURE
LN BUSINESS WORIJ)
s'" : -Vff!l
Miss H. F. H. Rcid.
The students of the Bisbee high
school are planning a masquerade
dance to be given March 30
Members of the Ooutt of Amaranth
entertained a number of their friends
with a delightful dancing party at the
Country Club Friday evening.
Word from Troy, New York, an
nounces that Bisbee has lost another
of her young society eligibles of the
masculine persuasion in the person
of Mr. Vallorous C. Gerrish. engineer
with A. G. McGregor in Bisbee. A
Troy paper of March 6 contains an
o tinminromi-nt hv Mr. and Mrs. Chas.
J S. Pean of the engagement of their
daughter. Miss Porotby Dean to Air.
Gerrish. The announcement came In
the midst of a dinner in honor of Miss
Pean in the eastern city. Mr. Gerrish
yesterday admitted the news was true
but refused to state the wedding date.
The news comes as a distinct surprise
to Bisbee, where Mr. Gerrish has been
the past eighteen months, and which
he clajms now as his home, the home
to which he will bring his eastern
bride. Mr. Gerrish came here from
the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
at Troy, and previous to that time
had graduated from the Pratt Insti
tute in Brooklyn.
Mrs. Cart Trishka extended her hos
pitality for a bridge party Saturday
afternoon. The rooms were decorated
In green carnations and the. tally
cards also carried out the colors of
St. P:itri'-k's day. Bridge was enjoy-
d r.r.d high scores were won by
"Icsuames Iiecker and Gollwitzer who
i . er ived a dainty bit of crochet and a
yir.h - m bi-.a. Miss Katherine Hipp re-
. . ,
c-civcil ttie guest prize, a .Haaiera
handkerchief. Prick ice cream with
shamrocks, green cake, almonds.
y'r:-.i.irock mints and coffee were serv-
1 t Mesdames Allen, Irving, Henery
Cunningham, Punlap, Heisler,' Gibson
'olmson. Olsen, O'Mally. Gollwitzer,
;l.o.."S, Misses Louise Williams and
Katherine Hipp.
Mrs. C. V. Allen entertained with a
St. Patrick's tea at her home in Tomb
stone Canyon Wednesday afternoon in
honor of the new members of the Y.
W. C. A.
The Dorcas Club was entertained
Saturday afternoon at the home of
Mrs. T. L. Houston, green carnations
decorating the rooms. Salad, sand
wiches, olives, cheese-balls coffee,
tea and mints were served to Mes
dames Mitchell, Sheets. Lloyd, Hill
man, Maddox, Frazier, Oxsheer. Hunt,
Thomas. Prury. Sinclair, Richardson
and the guest of the afternoon Mrs.
Little of Louisville, Ky., sister of
Mrs. Houston.
Members of the Ukelele Club will
give their second dance this season
at the Woman's Club clubhouse Tues
day evening, beginning at 8:30.
Veale's orchestra, will . provide the
music. The first "hop" of the musi
cal club a few weeks ago was' one of
the brighter events of the local so
cial season. The second is expected
to be even a bit more elaborate. In
vitations have been out for several
days.
I Miss Maude Terrel and Miss Lillian
Regan entertained ' informally at the
Y. W. C. A. in honor tf Mr. Yorke
Terrell and others of the First Ari
zona Infantry who are soon to leave
camp at Naco.
The St Patrick's Tea Riven to the
February members at the Y. W. C. A.
Friday afternoon was a pleasant af
fair. Mrs. Pritchard gave several
musical numbers and Miss Cochran, in
her Irish dialect, was a decided 'suc
cess. Mrs. C.'W. Allen, chairman 01
the membership committee of the Y.
W. C. A., was the hostess. This is
the first bf the regular monthly social
affairs planned during the year.
Expert repairing on fine watches
and Jewelry; diamond setting, engrav
ing and general repairing. Minton,
the postoflice jeweler, Lowell.
Advertisement. 343
FOR 8ALE
Two chair barber (hop outfit, Uncle
Jim, Brewery Gulch.
Advertisement 563
Going Through Bishee
Shops 1 Noticed That--"
i hi"h li.nir dressing is new and
adds a generous cubit to one's stature.
The wave in the hair is now irreg
ular, and the coif high, but not high
est. Voiles again come lo our notice,
and have odd collars and cuffs which
are frills, yet really simple. A net
collar with a pleated ruffle is just the
thing.
Fichu collars are being showu more
nd more on tie summer dresses.
There is such a pretty hand em
broidered breckfast pet in town the
nlaln white linen embroidered in
delft blue cranes and hemstitched all
about tho edge.
A sport hat has a top covered In
silk or ribbon, and a Japanese tassel.
The long vamp and the Louis heel
are the favorites of fashion in the lat
est boots.
Pleated silk and pretty silk flowers
and fruit designs combine to make
a' more elaborate sport ha'.
The khaki-kool sport suits are "all
the go" and one can be so smart look
ing when suit, hat. bag and some-j
times parasol conies off the same bolt j
of material. j
Periwinkle blue is the prettiest blue
of the season. The silk Jersey at
The Fair store is in that shade and Is
especially popular.
Champagne seems to be quite a pop .
ular shade for the odd hats, to wear
about town this year, and in the silk I
suits, oyster white leads.
Simple Laxative Remedy
Best for Constipation
DR. CALDWELL'S SYRUP PEPSIN
GAVE SATISFACTION WHEN
NOTHING ELSE WOULD.
Nearly every one, at ne time or an
other, suffers from constipation, or In
active bowels, and one of the few con
clusions upon which the doctors agree
is that regularity of the bowels is an
essential to geftd health.
In the family medicine chest of most
well-ordered households will be found
one or more of the various remedies
recommended for the relief of consti
pation. In the majority of homes to
day the combination of simple laxa
tive herbs with pepsin known as Pr.
Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is recognized
as the standard laxative. Pruggists
everywhere report a. constantly in
creasing demand for this splendid
remedy which is sold for fifty cents
a bottle.
Mr. James Ash, 102 Green St. Cum
berland, Md., wrote to Pr. Caldwell.
that he found Pr. Caldwell's Syrup i
Pepsin the most effective remedy for'
constipation he had ever used and !
that he always keeps a bottle of it on
hand for' use when necessary.
Pr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin Is a
mild laxative, and does not gripe or
MEAT
Into the miiiinery world there has
entered a hat that fits the head so
securely that the hatpin is merely a
trimming.
There are draped turbans that fol
io w the lines of the hih Russian turban.
While sat it) slippers for evening
wear, are hrocadiHl in small silver
roses, and have buckles. .
A small black hat is a mi tig the iu
dipen9ibles. A silk Jersey skirt of white has the
shirred girdle, and pretty shirred belt
: of heavier satin ,or flannel. The rest
. of the suit is a wool Jersey or a flan
i tel coat, made with the capacious
pockets, stitched collars and culls, and
j a sash for a belt. A white silk sailor
j with a flannel band is the correct liaL
A recent expensive model was In
white Jersey and red flannel.
Embroidery is used on many of the
newest bags.
Iioautiful wool jersey in all the pop
ular shades is on sale at the Phelps
Podge store. What pretty skirts and
coats this will make.
Of afternoon and party bags, the
newest are mounted on frames of
gaily painted wood and metal.
If one's boots are high, they should
be laced and not buttoned.
Satin, kid and brocades are often
used for afternoon and evening slip
pers, but are not in as much favor as
the metal slippers.
Plain slippers and those with Col
onial buckles are now rivals.
i-t" rcr -SxJy-'-:-sf i
strain, but acts cehtlv and brings tp-
uvri iu tiu rupj , liuiui ai u lailiK l . Xl.i
freedom from opiates or narcotic drugs
makes it the ideal family laxative.
To avoid imitations and ineffective
substitutes be sure you get Pr. Cald
well's Syrup Pepsin. See that a fac
simile of Pr. Caldwell's signature and
his portrait appear on the yellow car
ton in which the bottle is packed. A
trial bottle, free of charge, can be ob
tained by writing to Pr. W. B. Cald
well, 455 Washington St., Monticello,
Illinois.
1
r . i i it.-
' i !'
t i
THE LITTLE PORTABLE GAS HEATER ENABLES YOU
TO QUICKLY CONVERT THE COLDEST ROOM IN
YOUR HOUSE TO WARMTH AND CHEER IT GIVES
Comfort
LIGHTS AT THE FLASH OF A MATCH CONNECTS
BY A FLEXIBLE METALLIC TUBE AND CAN BE
EASILY MOVED FROM ONE ROOM TO ANOTHER.
QUICK SAFE CLEAN
Prices $2.75 to $7.00
use MPi
WOMAN WINS SUCCESS AS DECORATOR -
4 'A 3 ;
1. - : g . i , i 1.
s
t
-;-Was l.S
U-C:-:
i- jc ' ' J.
4''"
tv- v4..-
if.
.Miss f!::iai::OTJ yu'..l.i:: hm.sl.ini
to:;t!.ca o.i j.icce cl f urnituri!. .
Miss Helen Ilmimond improves
cacli shir.injr l:our, and when she is
not cntcitainini- or p.-irticipalir.a; in
various wm l.s in ft'.-.ich thi i:- u.ler
estod. soe is busy devising new tie
sijrns and decorations, for she is one
of Nee- Yr.rk's most k'if'cd and ex
clusive leco:ato-.s, her prize exhibi
tion aril -tiory l.c:;-.r tlie beautiful
tea garden on the roof of one of New
York's leadine; hctcis.
Silk gloves are eoiuing in again and
they have all of the pretty new stitch-
in?.
A lace apron front to a light after-
noon gown is just the tiling. A collar
or the same lace on the blouse is also
in good taste.
Silk promises to rival all other ma -
terials in popularity this season for
suits, hats, shoes, blouses and the ev-
nr enndc nnf-Tiipce dresses.
Japanese s.traw hats and Japanese
painted ones are new, and they will
be quite popular for summer.
"When earth's last picture is
painted and the tubes are twisted
and dried.
When the oldest colors have fad
ed and the youngest critics lias
d'-vl."
Then, and not until then, ill,
the demand for t'ie human likeners
i -ase.
.-so let us get together.
D!X STUDIO
The photugTiipher in your town
Jakob Schmid Bldg.
Brevcery Gulch.
M
WHERE YOU WANT IT
WHEN YOU WANT IT
rVEMENT CO.
ft-
B
'.:1: 5
ti
I f-
. f: -j
"sssSf.
Low boots with broad vamps are
, just the walking shoes, while pretty
graceful heels and long vamps will be
j used for dress occasions.
j ;
!
! The silk sweater coat and the silk
Prt coat are stiU in vogue
1 For dress occasions a hat of black
i lace with a trimming of aigrette is ,
j popular.
i
The transparent hat is well on its
way this season. There are more
shown in the advance books than any
season for three years.
-y'-'U''
V
i vvT . ' THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW.SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 18, 1917.
FOUR
TEN MILLION POUNDS
FOR MARCH AT JEROME
(Continued From Fase One)
mineralogical conditions 'ot the new
ore body are markedly different from
those carried by the silver ore bodies
opened on the levels above and would
appear to indicate that the old Moute
Cristo has a golden tuture as well as
a silver past. The feature ol para
mount interest attaching to the recent
discovery is the tact tne ore has a
copper base, & condition which causes
the old-timers here to become remin
iscent over the days when the famous
United Verde copper mine was a silver-gold
producer, and to predict simi
lar lame for the Monte f nsto.
The recently rebuitt reduction
works at the property othe Monica
Mining company has successfully stood
the test of a several weeK' tryout and
is now working on ore with daily re
gularity. Two shifts of men are em
ployed in mine and mill, and a third
shift will be em-ployed In the tirst
mentioned as soon as the men can
work to advantage. While the mine
and mill machinery was being tn
ctoiioH rt continued without ces
sation below ground, and as a result,
the tonnage mined and wailing treat
ment is sufficient, to keep the mill
running full time for several months.
The general average grade of this ore
FEW FOLKS HAVE
GRAY HAIR NOW
Well-known local druggist says
everybody is using old-time
recipe of Sage Tea and
Sulphur.
Hair that loses its -olor and lustre,
or when it fades, turrfs gray, dull and
lifeless, is caused by a lack of sulphur
in the hair. Our grandmother made
up a mixture of Sage Tea and Sulphur
to keep her locks dark ana Deauiuui.
and thousands of women and men who
value that even color, that beautiful
dark shade of hair which is so at-'
tractive, use "only this old-time rec ipe.
Nowadays we get this famous mix-
ture improved by the addition of other :
ingredients by asking at an dius
store for a 50-cent bottle of "Wyeth's
Sage and Sulphur Compound," which
darkens the hair so naturally, so even- j
ly, that nobody can possibly tell it has '
been applied. You Just dampen a
spvmge or soft brush w ith it and draw j
this through your hair, taking one.
small strand at a time. By morning i
the gray hair disappears: but what de- j
lights the ladies with Wyeth's Sage
and Sulphur Compound, is that, be-1
sides beautifully darkening the hair
after a few applications, it alr-o brings
back the gloss and lustre and gives
it an appearance of abundance. "
Wyeth's Sage and Sulphur Com-'
pound Is a delightful toilet requisite!
to impart color and a jouthful appear-
ance to the hair, it is mi luienueo
for the cure, mitigation or prevention
Of disease. (Advertisement)
Vitolox
"I was raised in the South, subject
to malarial conditions all my life.
During my sixty odd years 1 have
probably taken a oarrel of medicine.
Some time ago 1 got a dollar bottle
of Vitolox, and 1 must say this remedy
seems to take more poison from Cue
system than anything 1 ever took. I
have gained several pounds and feci
like a new man."
J. G. CANNON,
McGOFFIN AVE.,
EL PASO, TEX.
6 Bottles will cure any case of mus
cular or inflammatory rheumatism.
Sold on a guarantee.
TAKE SALTS TO
. FLUSH KIDNEYS
-
Eat less meat if you feel Back
achy or Bladder troubles
you Salts is fine for
Kidneys.
Meat forms uric acid which excites
and overworks the kidneys in their
efforts to filter it from the system.
Regular eaters Vf meat must flush
the kidneys occasionally. You must
relievo them like you relieve your
bowels; removing all the acids, waste
and poisoD, else, you feel a dull misery
in the kidney rcgivm, sharp pains iu
the back or sick headache, dizziness,
your stomach sours, tongue is coated
and when the weather is bad you have
rheumatic twinges. The urine is
cloudy, full of sediment; the channels
often get irritated, obliging you to feet
up two or three times during the night.
To neutralize these irritating acids
and flush off the body's urinous waste
get about four ounces of Jad Salts
from any pharmacy; tike a tablespoon
ful in a glass of wat'T before break
fast for a few day and your kidneys
will then act line and bladder dis
orders disappear. This f.inious s:ilts
is made from the acid of grapes and
ItmoU juice, combined with li'hia, and
liiffc ftwu u&rjd for generations to Van
and fctrniuhito sluggish kidneys and
stop bladder irritation. Jud Salts i
inexpensive: harmless and makes a
delightful i'0'ervcsceut lithiurwalcr
drink which million ol m u and v. o
men tak- now and then, thus avoiding
crious kidney and bladder diseases
is said to be about $ir. gold per ton.
The Minnesotans in control (if the
Coronado Mining company Having per
fected reorganization thereof, are pre
paring to resume minim; optrations
at tne company's property in' Martinet
Gulch, near Congress. Japes Reese,
superintendent, is drawing u pa plan
of development work v 1 ich he ex
Dects to submit to the management
before April 1st. Reesi states that,'
the exploratory work recently com
pleted under his supervision was in
every way satisfactory ard disclosed
conditions which seem to asure min
ing success.
Despondency Due to Constipation.
Women often become nervous and
despondent. When this is due to con
stipation it is easily corrected by tak
ing an occasional dose of Chamber
lain's Tablets. These tablets are easy
u take and pleasant in effect. Ad
.criisemenL j 250 RUSSIANS CAPTURED
! BERLIN, March 17. German troops
: advancing against the Russian lines
in the Narayuvka river in Galicia
; took more than 250 prisoners, army
j headquarters announced in tonight's
report.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take LAXATIVE BROMO QUININE
tablets. Stop the Cough and Headache
and work off the Cold. Druggists refund
money if it fails to cure. E. W. Grove's
signature is on each box. 25 cents.
HIGH HEELS PUT
Tells women to dry up a corn
so it lifts cut vithout pain.
Modern high-heeled footwear buc
"les the toes and produces corns, an i
many of the thousands of hospita:
rases of iitfection and lockjaw are the
'result of woman's suicidal habit ol
trying to cut away these painful pests
For little cost there can be obtain
ed at any pharmacy a quarter of an
ounce of a drug called freezone, which
is sufficient to rid one's feet of ever
hard or soft corn or callous without
the slightest danger or inconvenience
A few drops applied directly upon
tho tender, aching corn stops tin
soreness and shortly the entire corn
root and all, lifts risht out. It is i
sticky substance, which dries tht
noirent is it applied, and thousands
of men and women use it because the
corn shrivels up and conies out with
out inflating or even irritnling th
surrounding tissue or skin. Cut this
out and try it if your corns bothei
yen. Advertisement
GLASS OF WATER
BEFORE YOU EAT
ANY BREAKFAST
, Wash poison from system each
morning and feel fresh
as a daisy.
Every day you clean the house you
live in to get rid of the dust and din
which collected through the previous
day. Your body, the house your sou1
lives in, also becomes filled up eacl
twenty-four hours with all manner ol
filth and poison. If only every mar
and woman could realize the wonders
of drinking phosphated hot water,
what a gratifying change would take
place.
Instead of the thousands of sickly.
anaemic-looking men, women and
girls with pasty or muddy complex
ions; instead of the multitudes of
"nerve wrecks," "rundowns," "brain
fags," and pessimists wc should see a
virile optimistic throng of rosy
cheeked people everywhere.
Everyone, whether sick or well,
should drink each morning before
breakfast, a glass of real hot water
with a teaspoonful of limestone phos
phate in it to wash from the stomach,
liver, kidneys and ten yards of bowels
the previous day's indigestible waste,
sour fermentations and poisons, thus
cleansing, sweetening and freshening
the entire alimentary canal before
putting more food into the stomach.
Those subject to sick headache, bil
iousness, nasty brealh, rheumatism,
colds; and particularly those who
have a pallid, sallow complexion and
hu are constipated very often, are
urged to obtain a quarter pound of
limestone puosphatf. at the drug store
which wiM cost hul h trille but is suf
ficient to demonstrate the quick and
remarkable change in both health and
appearance awaiting .hose who prac
tice internal sanitation. We must re
member that inside cleanliness is
more important than tutside, because
the skin does not absorb impurities to
contaminate the blood, vhile the pores
in the .thirty feet of bowels do.
(Advertisements)
LtUAL rUllL.tJ
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE
STATE OF ARIZONA, IN AND
FOR THE COUNTY OF
COCHISE.
In the Matter of the Estate ot G-orgo
Ed-.ir JlnwHns. a Minor.
N'lTM'E tK ;r.i:Pl.N"S SALE K
REAL ESTATE.
Niitii-M is her by given, that in pur
suance nl an order of the Superior
Vi.iirl of thi- State of Arizona, 'n and
j lor the comity if Cochise, made oil
IMif ii 1". l'17. in iit matter f the
! pi.)nli.itn-?i!l of the t-t.tal.r- e C.roige
ll'dsrar Hawkins, a minor. ti under-
sell at private sale, in one parcel, to
tne mguest oiuuer, upon tne terms
auu cuuumoUs Ut.reiiiaii.er uieuuoueU,
uiiu oiiKjcci to couuimauoii uy me
tiiu i uuii, on or auer taturuay, .ait a
ji.-t, urn, au tue right, tine, interest
ttuu estate ol aaiu ueurge uugar naw
MUs, a minor, in ana to the loliow-
ui uescribed real estate:
An uuuivided Thirteen Forty
eigms (lo-its) interest in and to
the Little Casino i-oue Mining
Claim, suuaieu in tue vtarren
Aiming uisurict, iu Cochise coun
ty. Slate ot rizoiia, tne location
uouce l winuu is ol record in tne
uaice ol me County itecoruer ol
said county ana buie, in book 30,
itecorus ol Mines, at page 14t
luereol, aud the United States
patent lor men is ol record in
tue ouice ot tne county necoruer,
iu ifcAitf. Z'Z, ueeus ol Mines, at
page -ou ihereol.
iUc terms and conditions ol saiu
sale are as ioiiums: casti in iumiui
aiouey oi tue cuued States ot Amer
ica. aH Dids or oilers must be in writing
and may oe lell at tne Unite ol it. .
Bremerton, tiuardian ot tne aiuieaaiu
estate, in the Jack Building, situated
on Main Street, in tne City tit uisuee.
County of Cochise, Stale ot Arizona,
or said bids may be Died in tne uuice
ot the Clerk ot the aioresaid court,
and all bids snail be iiieu alter tue
nrs l puoiiealiou ol tuis uuliwu auti ue
lure tne tiuie tor maitiug aaiu bhic.
touted tuis lotu. uaj Vii diitrcu, uii
K. A. UUbllicniu.v,
Guardian ot tne estate ol George
cilgar Hawkins, a minor.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT Of- THt
SI Ale Ol- AKliONA, IN ANU
FOR THt COUN I V OF
COCMlSt.
la t: e Matter of the Guardianship oi
tilt- i i-u-uns anu iviU'lea ol .'.Hell
i.iinn..i-..Hiii. .Mary i. cuniiiugiiaui,
Florence I'uuciU.f.haui, M. J. Cuu
u.ii.itim, Jr., i-ri-.m ls cuunuiiiaoi,
and William c'uiininghain, 'Minors.
NOTICE OK SALE OF HEAL EilAi
iNotice is hereoy given, tuat in pur
suance "ol an order ot the aupenui
. :ouri ot tne State ot Arizona, in auu
or the County ot Cochise, made anu
,-mercd on Marcn 10, 117, in tne mal--er
of the guardiansnip ol the persona
.lIhI estates ot Lllen Cunningiiaiu,
Mary 1. Cuniiiugnam, Florence cuu
..uigliam, M. J. t unningl.aiu, Jr., t-rau-.
Cunningham' and William cuu
tin in, .Minors, the undersigned
.uurdtaii ol said per uub anu estates
,U1 sell at untitle sale lit one jjarcvl,
u tue liigneal blUUer, upou tuc teiiua
j;d cjnditions liereinalter mennoueu,
.ad subject to (oniirination by ihe
aid t'uurt, on or alter Saturdaj.
aarr h :,Ut, 1917, all the rights, titles,
n.eiesis and estates of the said Ellen
Uinniuhaiii, Mary 1. Cunningnaui,
orence Cunningham, M. J. Cunning
a Jr., Kriipets Cuiiiio';UMX!v aud
.Villiam Cunningham, Minors, in and
o the following described real estate.
'An undivided one-half () in
terest in the surface only, with a
depth of 40 feet immediately be
neath the surface, of Lot 601, of
Block 9, in the Townsite tof War
ren, Cochise County, Arizona, ac
cording to the map of said Town-
site of record in the office or the
County Recorder ot said County
in Book 1 of Maps, at pages 106-110
thereof, together with the tene
ments, hereditaments and appur
tenances thereunto belonging or in
any wise appertaining, not Includ
ing however, any of said premises
at a greater depth than 40 feet
immediately beneath the surface,
nor any right of lateral or subja
cent support and being subject
also to all those certain conditions
and covenants set forth and con
tained in the deed of AVarren Com
pany M. J. Cunningham bear
ing date the 15th. day of January,
1907, and duly recorded' on the
11th. day ot Eebruary, 1907, in the,
office of said County Recorder in
Book 38 of Deeds of Real Estate,
at pages 10-14 thereof;
An undivided one-half (') in
terest in the surface only, with a
depth of 4') feet immediately be
neath the surface of Lot 603 of
block 9, in the Township of War
ren, Cochise County, Arizona, ac
cording to the map of said Town
site jf record in the office of the
County Recorder of said County
iu Book 1 of Maps, at pages 106
110 thereof, together with the
tenements, hereditaments and ap
purtenances thereunto belonging
or iu any wise appertaining, not
including however, any of said
premises at a greater depth than
40 feet immediately beneath the
surface, nor any right of lateral or
mbjacent support and being sub
ject also to all those certain con
ditions aud covenants ict torth
aud contained in the deed of War
ren Company to M. J. Cunning
ham bearing date the lth5. day ot
January, 1917, and duly recorded
on the lltli. day of February, 1907,
in the office of said County Rec
order in Book r:8 of Deeds of Real
Estate, at pages 10-14 thereof.
The terms and conditions of suid
sale are as follows:
Cashn lawful money of the I'nited
States of America.
All bids inu-t !m- in writing and may
lie li ft in tin- Law Ofli'es of Ellin-
11
I
j ysCATARRH-;
i 0jJu BLADDER ; :
wood and Ross, in tne City of Bisbee, G. & S. IL C. &. M., described as fol-1
County of ' Cochise. State of Arizona, : low s, to-wit:
wlrb ure attorneys for said Guardian,! "BELLE MONTE" Begining at cor-1
or said bids may be left with the un-: uer No. 1, the N. E. Corner, whence!
dersif.ned Guardian, whose place ol ' the W. '4 Corner of Section 19, T. 23-S.
business is at the Bank of Bisbee, ' K. 25-E, G. ic S. K. B. & M. bears N.
State of Arizona, or said bids may be o3" 48' E. 1U68.9 leet; thence S. 24,
filed in the omce of the Clerk ot thews' W, 70.70 feet to corner No. 2; j
aforesaid Court, and all bids shall be j thence N. 72 05' V, 1521.80 feet to
filed after the first publication of this j corner No. 3; thence N. 2i' 48' K,
notice, and before the time for making 1 538.40 feet to corner No. 4; thence S.
said sale.
Dated this 10th. day of March, 1917.
M. J. CUNNINGHAM,
Guardian Vf the persons and estates
of Ellen Cunningham, Mary I. Cun
ningham, Florence Cunningham, M. J.
Cunningham, Jr., Francis Cunning
ham and William Cunningham, Minors.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the interior,
U. S. Land Office at f'hoeinx. An
una. Feb. 19, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that
amanda Haverty, of Garces, Ariz.,
ho, on April 30, 1910, made Home
stead Entry, No. 09944, for KE SEV.
dec. 3. Tp. 23 S., It., 20 East G. and
o. R. Mer., and on July 25. 1916,
made additional H. E. 030725 for S
SV NE'i. N'Vi NW SE4. Sec
tion 3, Township 23, S-, Range 2u
st, G. and S. R. Meridian, has hied
.jilce of intention to make final rive
yetr Proof, to establish claim to the'10 u the N- a cor ,.hente tht
Ifcud above described, belore Jared L
lay lor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
.riz., on the 21sl day ot April, 191i
c'laiiiiant Ua ues as witnesses
Ja.nes Kelly, James W. llavert.
Kichaid K. ilavcrty, o. peter llavtrtj.
til ot Garces. Ariz.
J. L. 1RV1N.
Keglslei
First publication Ftb. 21, 1917.
ust publication .VI arc a 22, lii
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department ot the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, An
..una, Feb. 19, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Daniel
.ilcGowau, of iierelord, Ariz., who, on
January 6, 1913, made Homestead En
ry, No. 02U673, for the WVi SW.
section 5, and tue Eyfe SE'i. Section
o, Pownsuip 24 S., Range 22 East, t.
a.ni S. R. Meridian, has filed notice oi
intention to make final three yeai
t-rool, to establish claim to the lanu
ctliove described, before Jared U. Tat
.or, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbet
.ti u.. on the 12th day of April, 191.
claimant names d ituetses.
v iiliaiii liyau, ol Heretord, Ariz...
iti.harj Todd, ol Heretord, Ariz , Da)
am L. Graham, ol Heretord, An.: Her
..en E Cooper, ol Bibe Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN,
i hegister
rust publication Feb. Zl, Idll.
tMi put'lu-aiioii March 22. 1917
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
II. 3 Land O.lVe it Phc-uua, Ai
ona. Feb. 19, It '7.
NOTICE is heieby given that Joni.
!' Asli worth, of Garces, Ariz., who, on
iJcceaiber 17, 1913, made Homesteatl
Entry, No. 023970, for Lots 1. 2. anil
3. NEH. section 6,Tp. 23 S., R. 21
East G. and S. R. Mer., and on May
28, 1914, made Additional Hd. Entry.
No. 025191 tor the SE14 of Sec
tion 6, Township 23 S., Range
21 East, G. and S. K. Meridian.
has nled notice ol intention R make
liual three year Prool, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee, Ariz., on the l'Jtn
day ot April, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Carl N. Carlson, of Hereford, Ariz.;
George H. Ail wood, tot Hereford, Ariz.;
Roy A. Newman, of Garces, Ariz.;
Caleb A. Newman, of Hereford, Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication Feb. 21, 1917.
Last publication March 22, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona. Feb. 19, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Homer
R. Fike, of Naco, Ariz., who, on May
4, 1912, made II. E. 014449 for WVi
NEVi. NW SEU, and SE NWVi.
section 1, Tp. 24 S.. R. 22 East G.
and S. R. Mer., and on May 19, 1915,
made additional homestead entry No.
027446 tor NVa NW4 and SV NWVi.
and NWVi SWi, Sectfon 1, Township
24 S., Range 22 East. G. and S. R.
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make final five year Proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Binbee, Ariz., on the
mu day ot April. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses.
Jonn H. Hughes. Jacob C. Baker,
Joel H. Allen. William A. White, all
Of Hereford, Ariz.
J. I IRVIN.
Register
First publication Feb. 21, 1917.
Last publication March 22, 1917.
NOTICE
OF APPLICATION
U. 8. PATENT.
FOR
Mineral Survey No. 3263.
Serial No. 031346.
Feb. 10, m,
In the I'nited States Ltnd Office,
Phoenix, Arizona.
Ntitico is hereby given that Baptist
'caretto, owner oi an tuiuiviueu ou
Ihalf interest, Allen D. Fair, owner ot
,n undivided one-quarter interest aud
.talph A. ZUsciuer. owucr of ati un-
pUittutJIee addresses are Bisbee, Art-!'
i. .... .,.ii,.ri..ii fnr tintenti
tor the foimwin, named lode mitiin
claims, situated in the Warren Mi"
ing District. Cochise County. Arizona
iu bection rj ana iouu'i ... o.
Range 25-E. and unsurveyed. Sections
:ie.
54 19' E, 1500 feet to corner No. 1, ;
.lie place of beginning, containing a j
uet area of 6.763 acres, expressly ex- j
eluding area in conflict with Survey ,
.No. 2390, High Flyer lode, of 3.669
-ores. !
"GKEEN LEAK NO. 2" Beginning j
at corner No. 1, the N. E. Corner. .
hence the W. V Corner of Section
19, T. 23-S. R. 25-E, G. & S. R. li. & M..
oears N. 30" 38' E. 279.4 feet; thence
joulh, 603.40 feet to corner No. 2,
thence N. 83 46' W. 1500 feet to cor
uer No. 3; thence North, 603.40 leet
to corner No. 4; thence S. 83" 46' E
1500 feet to corner No. 1, the place
j beginning, containing a net area ol
18.267 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Survey No. 2256 Osce
ola lode, of 0.448 acres, and with Sur
ey No. 3180 O OM Paul lode, of 1.272
acres, and with Green Leaf No 3, ol
'.608 acres.
"MARCONI" Becinninz at Cornni
v v, Corner ol Section 19, T. 23-s
. Joe, G. S. K. li &. M. betrs N
Jo' L. 60.i leet, tneuce Soulli.
... 90 leet to ctiruer No. i, lUeuce i
- li v 4a9.su led to coiner No. o.
tteuce N. 65" 59' W. 771.50 leet to
jrner No. 4; thence North, 250 feel
to corner No. 5; thnce S. 83 46' E
.j04.7u leet to corner No. 1, the place
jl beginning, containing a net area
1 7.701 acres, expressly excluding
trea in conflict wilb Green Leal No.
i, tf 2.022 acres, and Bar Bullion, oi
. 53 acres.
GREEN LEAK NO. 3" Beginning
at corner No. 1, the S. . coiuei,
.ueiice tne N. W. Cornel ot Section
u, 1.-23-3, it. 20-1, U. t a. It. IS. ti M.
t-ara a. 4i t. 1x18.8 leet, tiieuce
o. -J W. U.a.yvi led to coruci
.o 2, lUeuue N. ZH 48' fcu oUU leel
.o cornet No. i, thence S.' i' 20' E.
.ia.uu leet to coiner No. 4, tneuce
j. 29' 48' W. 600 leet to corner No.
., tne place 01 beginning, coiilaiulug
. utt aiea ol iZ Ids acres, opicsoij
..eluding area ill culiUli I tvitu ui
iu. olio, Mormug outi ' luuc, oi
. .Ji acit-s, uii jjar uui.iun, ol u.iy.
.cit-s, anu wiiu Mineral rain. AO i.
i 12b acres.
.tl l.t iltil. t AltM iMj i. lic&u,
..i at i-W litl .u. 1, tut A. c. collitl
lu-iu-c tue N vv Curut-r oi .-et:titi-u,
T. 23-S. R. 25-E., G. & S. K. B. At M.
jcars S. 46 16' E. 762.2 feet; thence
o. 26" 26' VV. V19.00 leel to corner.
o. 2; thence, N. 30" 06' W. 1482.bo'
it el R corner No. 3; tiieuce N. 26" j
-o t. il.oo leet to corner No. 4,
U. uce S. oU Utj' l.. H82.tiO leet tu
uiuei No. 1, the place ot beginning,
oulaiuuig a net area ol 15.781 acres,
.AprVasiy excluding area In conflict
- .iu Bar Bullion, oi 4.t3 ucres.
GREEN LEAF NO. 1." Beginning
jil corner No. 1, the N. W. Corner,
Anence the W. V corner of Section
i9, T. 23-S. R. 25-K G. tt S. ft. B. & M.
uc-ars No. 30" oS' E. 279.1 feel, thence
i. 83" 46' E. 603.40 feet to corner
.o. 2, thence South, 1454.00 feel to
corner No. 3; thence N. 83 46' W.
i.t'3.40 feet to corner No. 4; thence
.sjrth 1154.00 leet to corner No. 1, the
place ot beginning, containing a net
tiea ot 20.022 acres.
"BAH BULLION". Beginning at cor
m r No. 1, tue S. E. corner, whence
the S. W. Corner tif Section 19, T.
J3-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. & X.
oears N. 0 26' E. 584.3 feet; thenco
N. 59 01' V. 600 feet to corner No.
I. thence N. 24" 20' E. 1500 feet to
corner No. 3; thence S. 59 OT E.
600 feet to corner No. 4; thence S.
24 20' W. 1500 feet to corner No. I,
th3 place of beginning, containing a
uet area of 19.472 acres, expressly ex
eluding area in conflict with Green
Leaf No. 1, tof 0.970 acres: and with
Survey No. 3171, William Penn lode,
uf O.OSO acres.
"TRILBY". Beginning at corner No.
1, the S. E. Corner, whence the N. W.
Corner of Section 30, T. 23-S. R. 25-E.,
G. & S. ft. B. & M. bears N. 4 6' E.
o(i.V7 feet; thence N. 59 01' W. 600
feet to corner No. 2; thence N. 24 20'
E. 15ii0 feet to corner No. 3; thence
S. 59 01' E. 600 feet to corner M.
1; thence S. 24 20' W. 150i) feet to
cemer No. 1. the place of beginning,
containing a net area of la.463 acres,
expressly excluding area m conflict
t.lh Greeu L-at No. 1, ot 1.0P9 acres.
Ali.Nt.RAl. lAhM fC. 2' ijrgiu
uiui; at coruei No. 1, the N. . Cor
urr, whence tno N. . corner of ee
un 30. T. 2:!-S. R. 2S-E., ti. S. ft P.
& M. bears N. XT 5S' E. 27.8 feel;
thence S. 59" 01' E. 1500 leel t itr
u r No. 2; thence S. 25 32' SO'- .
t.0l teet lo coruer No. 3, tiieuce N.
31' W. 14J8.50 leel to cornet No.
, tiieuce N. 25" 32 30" E. 44b. 7u
leel lo corner No. ft; thence N. 26"
2b' E. 97.70 feet to corner No. 1, the
pliee of beginning, containing a uet
aiea of 14.419 acres.
"MIDWAY NO. 1". Btgiiiutn at coi
utr ;ti. 1, the N. Vt. coruer, whence
iho W. i corner ot Section 19. 1.
23-S. R. 2VE.. t'.. Ai S. R. B. & M. bears
.'!" 2t' W. i7n 9 ftct; thence S
IT E. r...'i0 leet lo corner Nt
''
ici-rin-r No. 3; theucu N. 59 1' .
! of. I.Mi leel to corner No. 4; theneo N.
'5 if K, ir.ii" fc.-t to corner
'
'"
the place of beginning, con
a net area of 11.971 acre..
i Vly ' ronrt.c,
w;th Survey No. 2 IT;.. Burro Shot
lole of 1 t(i' aires, and tutu Greeu
Lraf NV 1. of I tm." a. rep.
"MIHWAY NO 2" Beginning at
eolT-T No !. t'j.; W. iviuvr wucute.
llie W. U Corner ot Section 19, T.
23-3. R. 25-E., O. & S. ft. B. & M.
iears S. 74 29' W. 924.6 feet: thence
S. 59" 01' E. 662.1W teet to corner No.
2; thence S. 5 41' W. 15"0 feet to
coiner No. 3; thence N. 59 01' W.
662.00 feet to corner No. 4; thence
N. 5 44' E. 1500 feet to corner No.
1, the place tf beginning, containing
a net area of 20.618 acres.
-CASH ENTRY NO. 2". Beginning
at corner No. 1. the N. W. Corner,
whence the W. Vi Corner of Section
19, T. 23-S. R. 25-E., G. & S. R. B. & M.
bears N. 86 20' W. 1461.4 feet;
lUence S. 69 01' E. 662.00 feet to
coruer No. 2; thence S. 5 44' W. 1500
teet to corner No. 3; thence N. 59'
01' W. 662.00 feet to comer No. 4;
thence N. 5 44' K 1500 feet to corner
No. 1, the place of beginning, contain
ing a net area of 20.618 acres.
"CASH ENTRY NO. 1." Beginning
at corner No. 1, the S. W. Corner,
Alienee the S. V. Corner of Section
13, T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G. S. R. B. &
.!., bears S. 26 16' W. 1042.3 feet;
.hence North 685.10 feet to corner
No. 2; thence S. 59 01' E. 1500 feet
.o corner No. 3; thence Stouth, 685.10
leet to corner No. 4; thence N. 59
01' W. 1500 feet to corner No. 1, the
place of beginning, containing a net
area ot 20.226 acres.
The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the office of the County
.itcurdei ot Cochise County, Arizona,
to lollllttS.
Uar Uulliou. Recorded u Book 52,
.tccord ol Mines, page 131.
Belle Monte, Recorded in Bctok 52,
itecord of Mines, page 137.
Cash Entry No. 1, Recorded in Book
o2. Record ot Mines, page 139.
Cash Entry No. 2., Recorded in Bota
01. Record of Mines, page 286.
Green Leaf No. 1,' Recorded In Book
02. Record of Mines, page 132.
Green Leaf No. 2, Recorded in Bcjk
o2. Record of Mines, page 133.
Green leat No. 3, Recorded in Btok
.2, Record oi Mines, page 134. ,
irilby, Kecorued in Book 62, Rec
ord ol Alines, page 130.
Mineral iarru No. 1, Recorded in
oon o2, itecord ot Mines, page 128.
'..uncial t-ariu No. 2, Recorded in
uook 2, Rectird ol Mines, page 129
.Midway No. 1, Recorded in Boot.
oZ, itecord ol Mines, page 135.
.did way No. i. Recorded in Book
iteeoru oi .Mines, page lob.
.Mat con;. Recorded in Book 52. ftec
t rd id .Mi.iea, pabe ls.
1 he ua.ues oi tue adjoining claims
ol this survey are. on the Norm,
ourttj No. olM U OM Paul lout,
-'UI it) .No. 22ot, Osceola lode, ourvey
.No. 2455. Jack Robinson lode and Burro
onoe louc, unsureed claims, cUini3
ond claimants unknown.
on the East: Cnsurveyed claims,
claims and claimants unknown. Lit
tle Dandy and Garibaldi fbdes, unsur-
-f ycd.
Ju the South. Victor, unsurveyed.
'Urve No. 3174. William Penn lod-j.
Survey No. 2028, Grover lode. Suitey
. . ii3. Morning Star looe. Survey
o 228U omega looe.
On the West: Survey No. 2390. High
Iyer lode and Pet House lode.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
Kirst publication Feb. 13, 1917.
Last publication April 26, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interiol
U. S. LAND OFKICE at Phoenix,
Arizona, Feb. 10, 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that W. Jac
ob McAllister, of Buena. Arizona, who,
on Feb. 4. 1913, made Homestead En
try No. 021106. for SE",. Section 6.
Township 22S., Range 21E., G. & S. R.
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make Three Year Final Proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
secribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U.
S. Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona,
on the 29th day of March. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Ed. Bryan, Cassius R. Knoles, Paul
H. Knoles, Oliver Fry, all of Buena,
Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication Feb. 13, 1917.
Last Publication March 29, 1917.
IN THE UNITED STATES LAND
OFKICE.
Phoenix, Arizona, Keb. JO, 1917.
Notice of Application for Patent Sur
vey No. 1898, Serial No. 031241.
Notice Is hereby given that Copper
tjueen Consolidated Mining Company,
a corporation organized under the
iaws of the State of New York, and
awtully engaged in the transaction
a its corporate business in the State
ot Arizona, by G. II. Dowell. its Gen
eral Manager and Attorney In Fact,
whose pust tiffiee midrvss is Douglas,
Cochise 'ouiity, Arunun. lias made
tpplicatlon for patent for the "Hava
na" lode, situate in Warren Mining
istriit, Cochise County. State of Arl
omi, and is more fully described as
0 metes and bounds by the official
plat herewith posted, and by the field
otes of survey thereof, filed In the
.ilTlt-e of the Realster of the United
states Land Office, at Phoenix, Arlzo
ia, which Held notes of survey de
.cribe the boundaries and extent ol
-aid claim on the surface, with mBg
.letle variation of 12 30' East as fol
ows: "Havana" Lode
Beginning at Cor. No. 1. whence U.
M. M. No. t. Warren Mining Dis
rupt bears S. S9 11' E. 2373.3 feet;
theme N. 7S 12' W. 2.V1.4 feet to
or. No. 2; thence S. 10 33' W.
:52.4 leet to Cor. No. 3; thence S. 78
2' K. 'v.i.i feet to Cor. No. 4; tbence
x. o w. ;r. 4 feet to cor. No. 5:
1 nonce N. M T.f E. tS.S feet to Cor.
to. 1. the piHt'o of beginuiug. exclud
ing, however, from afd described
area t!i'- a - 't" utrtiJ i- vr-
flict with "Wt ster" lode, Siurey
i:87.
The net area of said "Havana" lode,
for which patent is applied, exclusive
of area in conflict with "Webster
lode, Survey 13S7 1? 1.313 acres.
The adjoining and conflicting claim
are the "Molvlna" lode. Survey No.
959; "Copper King" lode, Surrey No.
375; "Webster" lode. Survey No.
1387; and "Al Hassen" lode, Survey
No. 1387.
Any and all persona claiming ad
versely the mining ground, vein, lode,
premises, or any portion thereof,
so described, surveyed, platted and
applied for, are hereby notified that
unless their adverse claims are duly
Bled, according to law and the regu
lations thereunder, within the time
prescribed by law, with the Register
of the United State Land Office, at
Phoenix. Maricopa County, Arisona,
they will be barred by virtue of the
provisions of said statute.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register of the United States
Land Office, Phoenix, Arizona.
First Publication Feb. 13. 1917.
Last Publication April 24, 1917.
IN THE UNITED STATES LAND
OFFICE
Phoenix, Arizona, Feb. 10K 1917
Notice of Application for Patent, Sur
vey No. 1920, Serial No. 031242.
Notice Is hereby given that the Cop
per Queen Consolidated Mining Com
pany, a corporation organized trader
the laws of the State of New York,
and lawfully engaged in the transact
ion of its corporate business in the
State of Arizona, by G. H. Dowell. its
General Manager and Attorney in
Fact, whose post office address is
Douglas, CochiBe Connty, Arizona,
has made application for patent for
the "Midget" lode, situate in Warren
Mining District, Cochise County,
State of Arizona, and is more fully
described as to metes and bounds by
the official plat herewith posted, and
by the field notes of survey thereof,
hied in the office of the Register of
the United States Land Office, at
Phoenix. Arizona, which field notes
ot survey describe the boundaries and
xtent of said claim on the surface,
with magnetic variation of 12 SO'
East as follows:
"Midget" Lode
Beginning at Cor. No. 1. whence C.
S. M. M. No. 4. Warren Mining Dis
trict bears S. 78 0' E. 4468 feet;
thence N. 34 36' W. 74.6 feet to Cor.
No. 2; thence & 80 51 W. 387.1 feet
to Cor No. 3; thence S. 34 34' E.
n 53 feet to Cor. No 4; tbeace N.
78 57' E. 3S1.25 feet the place of be
ginning, excluding, however, from
said described area 0.024 acres In
conflict with "Macomb" lode. Survey
No. 1S96; also 0.404 acres in conflict
mlth "Golden Cate" lode, Survey No.
a43.
The net area of said "Midget" lode.
ioi wiiicu patent is applied, exclusive
ul 8iu areas in conflict is 0.226 acres.
ine adjoining and conflicting claims
are tue "Hendricks," Survey No. 21W;
'Copper Globe," Survey No. 1346;
"Golden Gate," Survey No. 843;
"Macomb," Survey No. 1S96; "Back
mine,- Survey No. 1387; and "Twt
nsui," Survey No. 1387.
Any and all persons claiming ad
versely the mining ground, vein, lode,
premises, or any portion thereof, so
uescribed, surveyed, platted and ap
plied lor, are hereby notified that un
less their adverse claims are duly
nied, according to law and the regula
tions thereunder, within the time pre
scribed by law, with the Register of
the United States Land OHice, at
Phoenix, Maricopa County, Arizona.
Jtbey wlU be barred by virtue of the
provisions of said statute.
J. U IRVIN.
Register of the United States
Land Oti ice. Phoenix. Arizona.
First Publication Feb. 13. 1917.
Last Publication April 24. 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix,
Arizona. Feb. 10. 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Roy
Bye, of Hereford, Arizona, who, on
1 April 30, 1912. made Homestead En
! try. No. 017584, tor NEH, Section 12.
'Township 23S., Range 21 E, G. S.
! R. Meridian has filed notice of inten
i tion to make Three Year Final lTor)
to establish claim to the land above
Uescribed. before Jared D. Taylor, U.
S. Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona,
on the 29th day of March. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses;
Floy Sperow. Sherman J. Beals, John
Kindlay, snd George W. Lonsley. all
of Hereford, Arizona.
. J. L. IRVLV. R. clster.
First Publication Feb. in, 1!17.
Last Publication March 29. 1917.
"NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION!
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona. Feb. 19, 1917.
NOTICE in hereby given that Adolph
C. Hinters. tf Heretord. Aril., who,
on July 1. 1912, made Homestead En
try, No. 018172. for the SW4 of. Sec
tion 20, Township 23 S.. Rancv ?3
East, G. and S. R. Meridian, has Sled
notice of intention to make final three
year Proof, to establish claim to the
land above described, before Jsrrd P.
lay lor, U. S. Commissioner, at Fi
bee. Ariz, tn the 20t0 day of AprH.
1917.
Claimant names as wltnft-svs:
Samuel C. Giles, of Hereford. Arft :
vVtlliam F. Cowan, of Bisbee. Ariz :
Edward Wilcox, of Hereford. Ariz.;
Frauk C. Cobbc, of Hereford, Ari.
J. L. IRVIN.
Reenter.
rUrst publiostion Feb. SI. 1"1T
li-i yj'jut-i'i-.t nci :vr
IM1 THE BI5BEE DAiLY REVIEW.SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 18, 1917.
FIVE
t
I
1
I
PATOIAr
HE GREAT ROHANCE0 PREPAREEWE65 j
& LOUIS JOSEPH VANCE
Novtlizaiton of the Motion Picture Play of the
Same Name Produced for the International
Film Serviie, Inc., Under the Direction of
II 'harton. Inc. OtnnUt Sur Omy.
THE CAST.
MRS. VERNON CASTLE as
Patria Channing.
MILTON SILLS as Donald Parr.
WARNER OLAND as Baron
Huroki.
DOROTHY GREEN as Fanny
Adair.
SYNOPSIS.
On her twenty-first birthday Fatria
Channins becomes pole ownor of Chan
nii:;;s. Inc., America's greatest chain of
fcriiis iiul Hmmtiiii! ion plants, and simul
taneously poie exwinrix of a IKiVommu
trust FCcrelly creatol by her patriotic
progenitors to combat the national peril
Inh- rent in "unprcparefiness" to which
cause Patria de-ticaTes her life. Japanese
secrei agents directed by Barnn Humkl
of Tnkyti try to steal the Channini; Trust.
With ti e aid of Captain Parr of the Unit
ed States secret service, Patria frustrates
a.11 their efforts.
:0URTH EPISODE
Double-Crossed
Though not a sound disturbed the
mini's tranquility, the tenant of Its
silk-clad couch was not asleep. And
yet she wits by n t means awake. Nor
niitl youth had had its fill of slumber;
now she rested in a d"licious state of
drowsiness, less than sleep, little if
any loss than dream, vaguely aware
of hcr'iilenlity ami of the fnmfliar
gloom of hr bedchamber, but still with
brain bemused by the glamour of that
romance which colored ' hof every
thought were she waking or steeping,
who fur the lirt lime loved jin l who
knew her love was not wasted.
The lis tie French gilt traveling clock
iimiii her dressing table chimed once,
softly and sweetly.
Simultaneously the door to. the ad
joining drawing room was; opened just
far enough to frame the amiable fea
tures of her maid.
The girl in a sleepy voire inquired
the hour.
Informed that it was just half after
eleven she sat up smartly with a little
exclamation of dismay:
"Anil Captain Parr calling tit one to
take me to lunch at Claremont !"
T... - o T . - 1 1
...o.,. .o.tl. .. a uiiiii .-t,l-'l li'Hli IK
tween the sleiets and into a gossamer
garment so exquisite that it were phoer
profanity to name it bathrobe.
So it was Hourly midday before, onee
more abed but now wide awake, and
all a-tingle with the vitality stimu
lated by a cold plunge, she disposed
of a pi Mir apology for a breakfast, and
skimmed through her morning's mail.
In it was a note from Kodney's
mother. Sir. Gilbert YVrenn.
Her comp'niuts were gentle but In
cessant. They niut be answered.
Patria selected a telegraph form and
wrote swiftly:
Mrs. Gilliert Wrenn.
Sliadow Lawn"-New -port.
I'o not be impatient with me you've no
iijea what an interminably stupid busi
ness taking forma! pose5sion of one's
own property can tie. I don't Ftr.p on in
t1:is sizzling- city liecause I like it and if
nothing prevents, shall route lmnie tomor
row night by the Fall River boat
Patria paused and frowned a little,
thought fuily. Tin ii, with a shrug and
ipove thai meant she intended to have
-C, .'. i i. i.!,,'.-..
'A . I
MS
Handed Her a Roll cf Bills.
h-r
'I'et
ii w ay irn
appne a!.
e nt b r i:lp-dd-ll
a siugle
i.er v.ith me.
;ram for dls
i;ria perini' I'd
::iu"-r upon 'In--he
had j'l. I
line :
s:;.:!! Lrlti,,- r
I'aCr.n.
;iing Anne
patch wiilioui i
Jkt ibmi::iii bf
tlte
!et;.
'. I'
J-o'll;
IlJIMl-
oali
I.
i
.!
'V -'-w - , u - ' : & V- i
if.-."-!.-:...'- -? M,
Ad nr' e
Uijitl tl'.ie t h' r
I that and a cheerful personality cbu
! pled with perfect breeding. Her fum
I ily had been one of . the oldest and
most-respected as well as one of the
wealthiest in Manhattan. But that
comfortable fortune which might have
been hers had been dissipated by her
paternal extravagance ; Fanny had
been iiennlless when she married
young Adair for his money a sordid
motive whose meanness had leen
atoned by her candors in owning to it
j as by its HI" success. For Adair had
lost everything In Wall street and had
taken his life during the ensuing fit
of despair.
Since that time Fanny had lived
upon the increment of her arts and
charm 3.
It was quite natural that steady
paced matrons like Mrs. Wrenn should
disapprove ardently of Fanny Adair.
Patria. however, liked the girl; and
recently finding her temporarily ma
rooned in a shabby boarding house lu
town for lack of funds or Invitation
to any country house, had promptly
taken Fanny under her wing, provid
ing her with accommodations as lux
urious as her own in the hotel and Im
pnlsively promising her a month nt
"Shadow Lawn" when the time came
for Patria to return.
Could she have seen Fanny at that
moment. .Patria would have been less
charitably disposed, would have grant
ed that more cogent reasons existed
for repenting of her hasty Invitation
than the fear of Mrs. Wrcnn's dis
pleasure. It was noon precisely when Mrs.
Adair alighted from a town-car os ir
reproachably tunied out as her engag
ing self, and with furtive glances right
.vnd left, approached the entrance to
a faultlessly quiet residence in a so
ber sidQ street of the Murray Hill
quart er.
Her ring was answered by a sleek
1 : . 1 1 ....... r. n n.i . 1. nlnciUWnnndll I
i 1 1 1 iiiiiii-t'I i n Ul twill ii'icn
hair as black as eyes that resembled
jet bends set aslant in a saffron mask.
Indubitably he recognized the cnller.
Trfiwing with a deference that was
toniehow subtly Insolent, he' admitted
fanny.
Tpon a mat in the middle of the
room a Japanese per.!leciau of high
rank sat clothed in the rich simplic
ity of the robes appertaining nnto his
nubility.
He was a man of middle-age. yet
younger than his years. The habit of
t uthority was his, tempered with the
i-.iost suave urbanity.
"My dear Mrs. Adair"
He bowed over her hand so low his
lips seemed to brush it.
She began to speak in agitated ac
cents: "Karon Huroki "
lie deprecated her emotion with a
r light gesture.
"Ton have come to tell me some
thing I very much wish to know
hr
ner hands worked together in her
lap. "I have come to say, I wish to
I t- released from our agreement."
A second small gesture dissented.
Tier voice failed. She stared at him
with pitiful eyes.
"It is impossible, my dear Mrs.
Adair." His tones were as bland ns
his intention as firm as adamant.
II smiled intimately up at her. "Why
distress yourself 7"
"I don't like what yon make me do."
she faltered. "Patria she is too good
t' me, too kind and sweet. I can't get
t iy own consent to continue spying on i
l t r
"Yon do not need it, dear Mrs. Adair.
You have mine." '
"Baron Huroki"
"Please all. please do not make me
r-'tiiitid you of certain unpleasant mat
ters which must Inevitably become
p'iblie should you fail to carry out my
i istnn tions with respect to the amia
ble Miss Channing. It Is my wish that
you continue to be her friend; you
I must become her bosom friend, her
i i,'os"4 confidant; when that is accom
I piish"d. I shall secure through you rer
1; in information essential to my "h
f- happiness; and then I shall permit
j y Ml to go free of nil obligations to me.
IVenniime must I remind yen, your
vjecs are well paid?"
I She was silenced. And while she
sat twisting futile fingers together
nud striving to contrive some way out
of those toils in which she was to
hopelessly enmeshed, a servant rn
! ten-d, boweL and announced Senor
I Juan do Lima. At sight of Mrs. Adutr
1 he addressed her with the informality
of an intimate acquaintance :
"All u, Seuors Adair! Of all women
the one I am most anxious to tee!
And where. Fanny, dear, were yoti
last niuhl. when I seii Mees Piitria
dancing with Moutmartre?"
"I last uiht? Patria at Motituiiir-
I re !"
The cjes of the baron narrowed.
"Pell yes I tell you, I am at Mont
martre ut to tliees morning, with a
friend. And suddenly. I mm? Mees
Channing there, dancing in costume, a
diameter dance, like a public dancer,
nil n Ion..;"
Mi-s. A-liir eleaed delicately peu
.jio.j brows. "Patria was io bed be
fore luelni-.-iii 1 sa' at liT bed-Id"
titkitig with her. for half" an hour, be-
"Then she must get ir.i nnd stciil oto
v. hen you are gone :"
"That's likely
Baron IIur::I.i !n'cr;r'sc; s!:its.i;:'y
"A case ot mistaken identity. I imag
ine, de Lima. It's not credible that a
young woman of Miss Clinniug's stand
should disport herself as a public
dancer in a place like Montmartre."
' "Majbp so." The Mexican conceded
' to the Japanese what lie would have
perished rather than concede to the
American woman. "P.ut I cannot un
derstand. These people of Montmar
tre. they tell me she is. Mademoiselle
Klaine, she dance there every night.
P.ut to me she is la Senorita Patria to
the life."
' "Xo matter.' I have other business
of greater importance to discuss with
you. Pear Mrs. Adair, do you mind ?"
But she would not lie dismissed so
cavalierly. She stood her ground.
If she must play the traitor in Pa
tria's camp, she meant to have her
stipulated price.
The baron shrugged and smote his
palms softly. The sen-nut who slid
back a screen in resonse interpreted
his gesture in a twinkling, and was
instant to bring his master a lacquered
coffer. Huroki handed her a roll of
bills.
Her funds replenished rrom this
store of gold and bills, Mrs. Adair went
her way.
Alone with Senor de Lima. Baron
Huroki somewhat peremptorily de
manded a repetition of his story about
the dancer of Montmartre.
"Assuming that this resemblance
exists that it is as close, as striking
as you declare why should we not
buy this public woman, coaeli her to
play Piitria, and so compass our
ends?"
The Mexican dftv a deep breath.
"You mean yon would ?"
"eliminate Mls Channing. put
J Mademoiselle
1'iitine in her place?
Precisely! What could be simpler?"
FROLIC.
Few days are long enough for lov
ers so they hp not r.rart. And sine
the ec,::ipunionship th.-oi.shout of
5
&m'' --v
"To Me She Is La Senorita Patria to the Life!"
1'anny Adair proviih-d s.ip sti'",.i
ttnto the conve:iions. Miss t'!:: i'.
and Captain Pi:rr n-corni-r!! no
cuae for fn'liire to prolong this da;
jiiS extreme, and then a bit beym;..
j The luncheon at CI:.i'e::!'til : ei,.
j merely a natural preittd.' ioi- a it.o;
jaunt mt Wesiche.-t.T way to c-v
t!ie withering le-at of Im' n. ' Tiieii
ter tea e.t a ti::iitt r"::i!:ioii-e t!
was a honewanl tlri'. e to et'g- t'l
ir
appetites for a !ir liitKier on I'e!
moiiico's nf. in the course of v.l.ttli
it transpired that Pair happen -n (..h.
Cinst ndvetititiousl;.-:) to have be :i
preM-nted wKh ihree seats iir t:i
premiere of a famous sui.ittn r rev :e.
Mi auiiual tlteatii'iil event lint li.:!:!y
to be ignored.
H was an hour past iiiidtdglit when
Patrin wtis admotiislied by F-vnny
Adair that the really ought to rrtu;-n
to the hotel.
Almost poutiu. the irl a-;c!iVd.
From that betrayal I'arr t""k his cue.
"It seem altogether too tame
end of a perfect day," he pr te t. 1.
"Couldn't we go some place uu I have
a datiec just one?"
Putria's sympathy was i;i.-a:il. "I'd
love it."
"Tlieu where iall'e goV
Over a question so weighty the
young woman Knitted her brows.
"I know !" she ilei hired. ati'T a tuo
nieiit sedulously iguoring Fanny's n'
inonsl ranees. "Let's go to a g-m-l roof
Clll'dell !"
So they tavi' d ovi r to the roof of
ene of the theaters, nud thimUs t" the
liilotu-s of the botir. had little di!iciil
y in-' sii'iirlng a table; for the jm r-
foriuanee was over by the time they
J
entered.
Almost itiitii'iliiitely. Patria re,'iit
i d her impulse. Well a" are that sin
tig, in -.1 pri'iaite'iitlv in ile public eye
vhe rtK unprepared to Im I h"r-e -i
promptly leci'tuied by o nniuy pen-
Or was it whelly recognition? In
the manner with whi -h ti e bead wttit
er greeted them. Patria tiimight to de
tect something like be -a iM naent
promptly dissembled. The impi-eiit
persisted that the sensation she ex
cited was less curiosity than astonish
ment. This impression was deepened by an
odd incident shortly after tiiey were
seated. Patria s first glance was drawn
as if by hypnotic magnetism, directly
across the room to tSe face of a young
man who, alone sit a table for two.
had swung squarely round to stare ul
Patria as if he could not credit the
testimony of his vision.
It wasn't long nfrer that the orches
tra struck up a waltz, and Patria
nodded gayly in answer to Pai r's quick
invitation. She was very fond of dan
cing, most of all fond of waltzing
with her Captain Parr.
Surprisingly, then, there came a
burst of hai;de!appii:g from the ten
ants of other tables.
Patria hesitated, with an inquirin?
glance up into Parr's faie. He shook
his head.
"I understand no more than yon."
he averred, laughing. "Let's pretend
we notice nothing, I dar say we'll get
some sort of a clue to the mystery be
fore very Ion?."
They danced, but they danced alone.
By common consent nil others turned
to watch them. And when they paused
4
with the music and moved back to
ward their table, a plause again pur
sued thera.
Lmharrassed beyond measure. Pa
tria gave over trying to conceal it.
"Po let's go," she begged. "I can't
stand this sort of thing."
Patria was waiting for Par to hold
her cloak when she felt her arm im
prisoned In the brutal grasp of one
who had stolen up on her from be
hind. Instantly ! was swung round
iind identified her assailant with the
man at the adjoining tabie who bad
'een gh-rin at her so disconcertingly.
"What d foolishness is tliis'r" he
''.emiinil.il, thrusting a bloated face so
,iose to hers th-it I'litria was almost
sickened by 'he reek i f the aleoholi.ed
4
breath, "lio you tiiink l't'i going to
stand any nonsense from you, h,y girl?
oil can't sit with swells and cut r.ie
dead stare nt me as if I was dirt
nnd then g -t up to go away without
i i -: You "
He hm; e off with an oath as Parr,
striking his wrist smartly forced him
to free Patria's arm, and nt fj satin
titne Stepped between them.
Pale and trembling with rage, us he
v as. Parr did his best to pass the af
fair oiT without farther trouble.
"You've it, ad- a litisijjke," he told
the nan sternly. "You're drunk, or
I' I punish you for it. Cot nut of our
vn v :"
IV r reply le- got a sudden blow on
tTio jaw. Half-staggered, he stopped
! io k aiid retaliated with telling effect
l'li' II seized by waiters even as the
ilrunkiir l was seized and held helpless,
and. tVr all his: frothing struggles t"
I reak f e,. nd get at Parr, dragged
'T behind the scenes of the stage.
Hurriedly, to escape the uproar ex
eiio, ,y th: incident, the captt'tn es
corted bis cor.ipanioi.s to the lobby.
Attendants at the d-mr prevented them
fi ! being followed by interested pa-
'1-'. Pllt tll' l-c v jo; t;, i
diatelv a!'ilable. And
it d. Patria h't'T'd a
levator ini
".h le they
iw try of
My l!e.
btai dot sho
aid. "It s
"I'll
I-td
! f.
i n.
I e
:,it
A : In
ei-be 'lnoiu'li the swing.
Ill-- t'-Hf Patria sank we.sk-
:i a
If t'
ir. w lule I atu.v Adair
I'd t
ie
iirc-:
t'.r i
M' .1.
M.-d la:
She b
bet ,
i! (i
eeri l cf
wiili a
the !;:!,'
.1:
1 1.
'.i ui:i en !.-r::.
i- .t..., .-
ho had
' li-V i-j
t it I' '.
the ,
I e
I:
S'
d lip.
til P-rr.
r
t.
.TIEAfRE.
"The House of Comfort"
Continuous from 1 to 11
P. 1,1.
TODAY ONLY
HILENERCSSCN
IN
0 Id ft. r e.-; J ' '
f H U S J
rlpl n
Primetive Nature Vividly
Shown in Mountain Drama.
"MUTUAL WEEKLY"
MONDAY
3Irs. Vernon Castle
In
The Fourth Chapter
of That Serial Supreme
till 3 2
"The Quicksands of
Deceit"'
TUESDAY
(0' Li,NtwsoNSti,cEs'k"
Presents
"The
Last Sentence"
ADMISSION
10 mJ 15 Onts.
it sa mm a m
lie
ii?4' I
UlldOGll
thickened accents. "Get up and come
with me. or you'll be sorry! Do yon
liiar? Or don't you believe what I'm
telling ou?"
He flourished a hand, palm outward.
before her face. In the palm she saw
the hilt of a knife whose long, shining
blade was half-hidden in the cuff.
"If you want a taste of that !"
She found her voice and cried out.
P.laspheming, the fellow bent over and
picked her bodily out of the chair.
His strength was extraordinary. She
was helpless in his arms.
Parr had just recovered the bracelet
from a waiter when be heard Tatria'a
cry in the lobby.
He dashed through the doors, to find .
the place empty of all but four or five
liveried men.
"Where's the lady who was waiting
for bio!" he demanded of the nearest
man.
"Gone oft with her manager," the
other grinned. "They had some sort
of a row and he picked her up and "
"You fool :" Purr cried. "That lady
has no ninnnger! She is Miss Chan
ning Patria Channing !"
"O'nrn:" was the reply. "She's
Elaine, the dancer, nnd the man's
Jules Edouard. her manager. You bet
ter keep out of this, she's his girl, and
he's n hard man " i
r.ut Parr wns already rv.nn!ng down
he corridor. It led him out upon nn
empty roof beneath the stairs.
The faintest edto of a call for help
drew him to the head of the fire-escape.
How he got down that lire-escape, he
never knew. When he reached the bot
tom. It was to find the paved court
destitute of any trace of the kidnr.per j
and his prey. He dashed round it in '
frenzy, trying door after dinar. One
yielded, disclosing a long and tnnnel- j
like passage between two buildings. At '
a venture he ran down this. Coming ,
out nt the far end. he saw the base-
ment door to a dilapidated Forty-first j
street residence closing, anil threw his
weight against it, with the added mo
mentum of u short run, full-tilt.
Entering a basement hall, he saw be
fore him a flight of stairs leading to
the first floor. At the top of these he
paused to listen. From some indeter
minate point in the upper stories he
heard a sound of heavy pounding. He
took the stairs to the third story three one Jules Edouard.
ut a stride. Protestations and credentials alike
The sound of hammering enme from ' availed Captain Tarr nothing. He w
behind a closet! door at the back of without choice other than to aecom
the hallway. But that door was not puny the detectives who sened the
'iK'ked ; Parr thrust it open and dis- j warrant. And by the time a brief talk
covered Putria's persecutor standing with a magistrate had set him fn-e
over an old trunk against one wall of (the complalnat t in the case being mi
wbat was evidently used as a store- where to be found) he had missed his
room for discarded articles of fund- boat.
ture and the like. Of Patria there was j He did not for an Instant doubt hi
never a sign. But the drunkard seem- t arrest had been deliberately pinnm-l
d possessed with the notion that she ! in order to prevent his uocoiiipiuiying
had hidden in that trunk, which he was
insanely endeavoring to break open.
In one bound Parr was at grips with
the man. who turned just In time to es
cape being taken at u disadvantage.
A struggle ensued that demanded
every ounce of Parr's strength and de
termination, every atom of his wit
and will. The fellow fought with the
power and fury of a demented tiling,
and presently contrived to trip Tarr
backwards across the trunk. The cap- '
tain was up again almost as quickly
as he had been thrown but only to I
see his man throwing himself across
the room toward a knife which. Parr
saw for the first time, lay on the floor '
close by some rolled-up rugs.
In a trice Parr was upon his buck, '
..nd the contest was renewed. t
At' the moment of final extremity,
when the captain was on the point o
giving up and trying to find something
vherewiih to cVfeml himself before it
was too late, one of the russ became
amazingly animate. It rolled like
a live thing across the floor, unrolling
as it cunie. From it Patria emerged,
a creature of cat-like grace and quick- I
i ess. Her hand closed uptm the knife
i:i the nick of time. -
The man leaped to his feet as Parr !
releasiil him.
But now the dlsadvan-
: 'ge was his. purr dosed in. raining
1 lows upon him. He sought vainly to
I'nartl agitin-t them until one cut'ght
i'te point of his Jaw, his head jerked i
. 'mrply back, and he fell like a dis
i irded marionette, cleanly knocked '
- tt. I
ASSASSINS.
I'awn.
otnble-!
a formless sheen of gray, '
In skies when Captaij
hi !.N bed.
.! hunts :u'ier leaving Patrin
;rc of Mr. Adair I
seei, led natural
!! :! Cte
,:. i-ro i--es.-t;.ii;i!.g ll: chanf-
' i.'e- j I'... . ;'"s (. and with
i",!;cs :.;ci; scar M;-.g a cheap
cvci;!i str t t ii itd J'-.r two
w ic w ere in t there.
-''.'.a of iii-1 i.vc:ig:iti;tt.s wgs as
: :i t ". ids of half a dozen
::' I" v :.
ii 1 !t
-i 1 :.!'
d a :::
tlie woir.an v.
er the u:i;e
e" wa.". strikin'
:.;ii:i.u. The v.
t::e
CI.;:
!rg partner knov ti
i.'t'r L'l'iv
.-: ','le ti:.
ird. I tie two re
itrteal iioei. Hi-r- ;
to
K-!. urtrtl hod bee;; l"iii';ing r:t:h
i. !t, ! Ml -i:ie h i br .i . ti v :
i !h . ::,.-.o ,.( xU:.i f.ief. He l..:d t
' 1. hov. ever, in hattiiti". ' the
her
l-.tly exhil itietis. i!i:.l.-,r.
;rr:;l i tii-at'ce there. ti;i
r i.i.-'iil he ha i raised ii
;:' a -':;
' i r
'V'C!'.,!!
'. ! a
:. I".i.:i
:i i::g
i::i. I
d the
: st-tt.
t-i ) .I:,!!;.' s coir, c:-iug '
' ll'll '! ;i for ig; llrlN't. i
t i! ,..;..'. ,fs. T' get ii
i h..
iiiki :i the f .
I'ttlb'
to. :i t i her i!r.
her vi'iiri: I'i.li'ia hat
r-'st;';;i':int. In His !
, it was assuunil. Iv'
1 t'li-1 lke:t her f'
i'ti.i:u ! i ki';l:::
tiaied by Parr'.-
! rct;i:iie.l to th.
I'.laitie :;.:
h.t. I!'.s
;:.tetiere::e.
hold niiiy
ami! ;:g :
')-! i'U"
I dt
ii i::.
s i t.-ii
' nail elected to di-sappear in cuih rftT
- same manner. She had decamped, leav
ing no address.
It was not until late the following
nftirnoon that he found cause to re
vise this opinion.
Lafpr whUe ,ne of ,eavint
h,s roomg fo bo.,r(, ,e gteamer
on which Patria nnd Mrs. Adair were
5 "- 4
W.--sMit
She Was Lifted and Thrown Bodily
Athwart th Rail.
to journey to Newport, I'arr was ar
rested on a warrant charging him with
assault and battery on the person of
Miss Channing.
r.ut it was too late to do more than
send her a wireless explaining vth?t
had detained him. promising t be w ith
Lit in Newport the next morning, and
.w;arniug her tc l e on her guard.
Patria wandered uneasily, unhappily,
about the decks long after the major
ity of passengers had sought their
staterooms.
Even after midnight Patria lingered
on deck, rather than return to the
fctuffiness of her stateroom.
Kesting her forearm ou the rail, she
Mared blindly into the clear .darkness
of a moonlight night.
A light footfall started Patria out
of the somberest of reveries.
Without the least warning a thick
soft cloth, like a hmvy woolen band
age, enveloped Putria's head.
She essayed to scream, aad ihe
folds of cloth settbd U'twevn her
teeth, well-nigh cbkiug her.
Other hands seized her legs. She
fought desperately, in blind panic. t-
no avail. Relentlessly she was lifted
and thrown bodily athwart the rail.
Then s-he was free of the hands,
but hurtling down the side of the
hip.
Shoutiug waters leaped to receive
I her. fche went under, came up stran
gling, then let the waves h:ii
their will of her while she fought to
live her head of the bandage.
By the time this hud heea accom
plished she was far astern.
In the smterooiu adjoining that oc
e'.'pied by Funny Adair, a woman iu
l ursv's garb consulted u wrist watch,
lacy nodded brusquely to a girl who
sTi.ml supporting hersWf with both
l ands on the foot of a brass bed
stead a girl whose eyes, watching
,!' nure, were as the eyes of Patria
hanniug. wide with fright, even as Ihe
rest of her w as l'utna manning to nits
life.
"You'd best shift now." said the
' nurse with a nod toward the forward
Is'aterooiu. "Iu two minutes more"
she grinned griuily "I'm going to
whoop aud carry on about your ui
tcide:" With a short, dry gasp of terror
and disgust, the girl who looked like
Patria tore herself away from the bod
and reebsl out to the deck.
The door to the next stateroom was
oH-n. The light within silhouetted
ihe form of Mrs. Adair Fanny with
ghastly face and every litub trem
bling beneath her frivolous silkeu .
negligee.
Bliudty the girl stumbled in and shut
the door and put her back to it.
For a moment the tv o stared nt
each other with eyes of horror.
Then Fanuy gasped oue word:
"Klaine !"
The ether interrupted wi:h passion-
I ate protest informing ter iu truuuloits
accents: .
i'ou't ctdl me Klaine! Pun't "ti
dare. I'm Patria Chtmning don't
yon understand. I'm Patria 'haunt;:-'
now ? We we're Im.iIi guilty tail',
as mu and M'U've got lo -land by
me !"
(LM OF FOliHii U'iSi.'l'i:.)
7
I
VJ A
hi - I s
C-
.'fe . ll'J t 'tl'iled '.t !"r
icut."
Uit u;
'U;
:j -
1
pi o t
ill tie SIX
THE BI5BEE DAILl REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH IS, 1917.
V3 I I K
I
Y;
V. ; ii pi k
X! rill Xl
- r,t rVMcU w MBisK. i;l - iU ,v .91.
Mil! JxTF Nil- IMH W 1 1 ilMtf& J
, leii i i r - I'M mm in
mm
MANY NEW AND NOVEL
CREATIONS WILL HAVE
FIRST SHOWING MONDAY.
ciA
Op
WE EXPECT YOU TO BE ONE
OF OUR VISITORS TOMORROW.
WE HAVE THE HONOR TO ANNOUNCE THE SPRING FASHION DISPLAY OF "THE STYLE SUPREME STORE" IS TO BE HELD MONDAY, MARCH THE 19TH TOMORROW COM
PLETE AND AUTHORITATIVE ASSORTMENTS IN THE NEWE5 1 SPRING SUi 1 S. CUA 1 ii, SfUK 1 5, tiLUUiLi U M1LL1INLK Y AW Ai I YUUK cLLLL, 1 lUiN A 1 1 HA 1 1 1A1L.
THIS D'SPLAY EMPHASIZES THE WONDERFUL BUYING FACILITIES OF THIS ORGANIZATION THE VERY ELITE OF THE NEW FASHIONS ARE GATHERED HERE IN ALMOST
ENDLESS ARRAY WOMEN'S DRESSY SUITS OF RICH SIIXS AND NOVELTY' FABRICS AT $15 TO $60 NEW FROCKS FOR ALL OCCASIONS AT $7.50 TO 75 NEW COATS IN THE
run!rF;T styi f at q TO 47NFAV SKIRTS AT $5 TO $27.50 NEW BLOUSES AT $3.95 TO $20 VALUES AT EVERY PRICE THAT WILL CONVINCE YOU OF THE ADVAN
TAGE IN MAKING YOUR SEI ECTIONS HERE. ..WE EXTEND A CORDIAL INVITATION TO ALL TO VIEW THE TREMENDOUSLY BEAUTIFUL THINGS WHICH THIS, THE STORE
OF STYLE SUPREMACY, HAS PLANNED AS ITS OFFERING AND SUGGESTION COME WE .WANT YOUR APPROVAL . . s
Women's Spring SUITS
That show unusual excellence of tailoring and line. Because
Fashion has decreed that it shall be a "sun season" designers and
makers have specialized in this direction with the result that the
new suits present eycentioral stvle mer'.t and beauty of material.
Materials most favored are wool and silk Jerseys. Pouet Twills,
Poplins, French Serges, Taffetas, Shetland and I'ussy Willow. Tbe
season's most popular colors art pold, apple green, turquoise, silver,
oyster jrey, rose end beige. .SUITS AT $15 TO $60.
Lovely New Spring COATS
Our Women's coat section is brimful of the newest spring
styles. Whether your needs be for a coat that is moderate in price
or one of the very finest quality, we are equally ready to meet
them. A display that embraces all desirable ctyles, materials and
colorings. The largest stock, the most authentic styles and the
best value are here at prices that ccme within the expected range
of everyone. $9.50 Up to $47.50.
Styles designed 'for all purposes coats
inff, for street or dress in a most interest!
Snort length, three-fourths and full leu
Velour, Bolivia, TafTeta, AVool Jersey and
terials shades of apple green, rose, gold
and black. STITCHING is a likabde new
and annears on a eood many of the prettit
fashioned pockets, smart pleated and belt
tailored styles.
for sport wear, for motor-
Eg range of new ideas.
gth garments fashioned of
many plaid and check ma
corn, navy, turquoise, red
trimming for Spring Coats
st in our collection, ewly
ed models as well as plain
Street and Afternoon DRESSES
A carefully chosen selection of authentic new models that re
veal a novelty of design and trimmings and a beauty of fabric that
will delight women of critical taste. So many new styles that it
is impossible to teli you all about them you must visit this sec
ton to appreciate the thoroughness of the diplay Prices begin at
$7.50 and range upward by easy steps to $75.
Trimmings include cheniiie, siik braid, smart biittonb. silver and
gold stitchings. silk embroidery, etc. Dresses in colors rose,' copen,
taupe, reseda, beige, chartrouse, apple green, orchid, flesh, shadow
lawn green, grey, brown, black and white in all the most lajluouablc
dress fabrics of the season.
A Beautiful Display of SPRING SILKS,
WOOLENS, and WASH FABRIC
chosen to meet the fabric fashion requirements of the
new Spring Suits, Dresses, Frocks and Skirts An in
spection will prove interesting to the women in quest of
authentic information
mm I
Notable Exhibition of New ti
SPRING MILLINERY
Large Shipment of "Gage"and" Fisk"
model Hats will have first showing
A display delineating in a rplndid way the corrert fashion
ideas as evolved by the leading designers. Our millinery depart
ment is again the rendezvous for the Spring Style seekers who
appreciate the departure from that sameness of monotone of fash
ions displayed everywhere in general. There is a distinctive air
about our display a difference or exclusiveness that carries an
emphatic appeal and assured authoritativeness.
Specially featuring a wonderftl display of "Fhk" and "Gage"
models creations that were exhibited at the Chicago Fahion
Show February 5 to 10, never have designers combined such
exquisite materials attained such beauty such diversity of
style at prices so moderate as will be found in this showing.
The new lisere and horse hair braids are ehiployed, and
the smart trimmings are wonderful. Oriental ornaments,
flowers, fancy stitching and ribbons in new and novei
effects.
FASHIONABLE MILLINERY AT POPULAR PRICES Those
who desire to procure the very newest fashions will find our dis
play of hats at $3.95 up to $10, very interesting. We've tried to
anticipate the wants of everj' woman and we want your opin
ion of whether its been well done or not.
Newest Spring BLOUSES
The modes are wonderfully varied, and embrace unnumerable
clever new features that can be appreciated only by a personal
inspec'ion. Materials most favored are printed Georgette, crepes,
striped crepes, tub silks, habutai silks, crepe de chine and Geor
gette crepes printed in khaki-wool designs Prominently new
are the bead and chenille trimming effects Prices range at $3.95
and Upward. . ' . ,
New CORSETS for Spring Costmnes
It is a pleasure to announce our complete readiness to meet the
corset requirements of women. For many seasons we have test
ed and learned thereby to depend upon the many excellencies of
WARNER'S, REDFERN, NEMO and MODART Corsets. We
can recommend these to you in a price range of from $1.25 up to
$7.50 a pair, knowing from among them you are sure to obtain
that which will bring lasting satisfaction and real comfort.
' Spring SKIRTS at $5 up to $27.50
With special emphasis on the new "Sport" styles. Nobbiness is'
hardly a complete term to express its general effect and details of the
newest "distinctive" is even none too expressive the appreciation
they deserve lies in seeing them. Dame Fashion has surely worked
overtime to produce such clever ideas.
The New Spring FURNITURE
The past few weeks we have been busy unpacking the new
furniture. It's been a pleasure to see the smart new designs
emerging from the packiner cases and an added pleasure to an
ticipate the delight they will bring to you when you see them too.
Our floors abound in furniture that has been specially selected
to meet the needs of people who want their homes to be tastefully
furnished, and who are at the same time seeking furniture that is
moderatelv priced. We are prepared as never before to meet
these needs, and we want you to visit our store and get acquaint
ed with our stock, whether you are ready to buy just now or not.
THE NEW SILK SWEATERS FOR SPRING ore equally in
teresting, but a description of them must be reserved until an
Dther time. However, they are here at your pleasure awaiting
a full and free inspection.
New Spring FOOTWEAR
A remarkable showing Fashion never offered so
many interesting novelties and practical Footwear Styles
as this season the evidence is here for your approval
give them your inspection.
1
i