MARKETS.
NEW YORK CITY.
Average Price of Cop
per for week ending,
July 1826.167.
WEATHER.
Thursday and Friday
fair; not much change
In temperature.
Ajbsj,.t leuojujaj, II I j
PRICE FIVE CENTS
VOL. 20. NO. 41.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JULY 26, 1917.
All wV f
Associated 1
1
rl
4
.4
3
-3
-1
,e
h
e
Qinn
REGIMENTS OF
ii
WITH TEUTONS
Slav Forces From Baltic to
Black Sea Offer Not Slight
est Resistance to Advance
of Kaiser's Men.
EVEN the actual entry of
women soldiers into the
battle on the eastern front
has been insufficient to imbue
the ranks of the recalcitrant
Russians with patriotism. They
still are deserting in large
numbers in Galicia, leaving a
virtually free road open for
fresh advances by the Ger
mans and Austro-Hungarians.
From the Baltic to the Black sea
only at one point along the line In
the southern Carpathians have the
Russians risen to the occasion asu
sh'own some of their old fighting spirit.
Here, fighting shoulder to shoulder
with their Rumanian allies, they have
attacked and captured several villages
from the Germans and broken the
heavily fortified Teuton line on a wide
front.
Emperor See Retreat
In Galicia, the precipitate retreat of
the Russians continues almost every
where from the Carpathian foothills;
to the reg?on around Tarnopol. the
:?on around Tarnopol. the
t apparently not yet havlngj
to put in force its strong i
government
had time to put
repressive, measures which M. Keren-!
sky, the head of the government, hasj
promised to apply in order te stay the'
retreat. Nadvarona, in the fringe ofj
the foothills, Stanfclau and Tarnop'jli
and numerous smaller towns have been
taken by the Teutons,' who are ap
proaching the important railway junc
tion of Buczacz. which lies some 30
miles east of Halicz. The German
emperor was an observer of the battle :
on the Sereth fibnt and saw his meni
put down the only effort of moment
that was made to hold them back
an attack by the Russians between
Tarnopol and Trembowla.
Since the penetration of the eev
inans on a wide front near Krevo, in
which the "command of death," com
posed of women, took a notable part.
despite which large numbers of the,
their old positions without even the
vestige of harassment by the enemy,
the Russians have not stirred from
their trenches tt face the foe.
Aisne Front Quiet
The hostilities on the Aisne front,
where for weeks the Germans have
wasted men by thousands in ineffect
ual attempts to break through General
Petain's front, have ceased and only
artillery duels now are pending. Wed
nesday morning witnessed one of the
last attempts of the crown prince l
gain his object This was on the Cali
fornia plateau, where an attack was
repulsed. The Germans have been
successful in winning 200 yards of
trenches from the British east of,
Monchy-le-Preux, which they had bom-j
barded violently for several days past.
In the capture of the position the en
emy again used liquid fire. Along the
front in northern Belgium the heavy
artillery duel continues, but as yet
there has been no sign of either the
British or the Germans starting an In
fantry attack. British airmen have
bombed and caused severe damage to
the German ba.se at Zeebrugge and al
so to the town of Bruges.
German submarines or mines last
week were responsible for the sinking
of 21 merchant vessels or more raan
1600 Pons each and three of less than
1600 tons. In addition, a submarine
has sunk the British merchant cruiser
Otway with the loss of 10 men killed,
while a German report says a Teu
tonic U-boat has accounted for a Brit
ish underwater craft.
(Continued on Pane Six)
J. W. W. Deported
From Michigan
(By Review Leased Wire.)
BEMIDJI, Minn., July 25. Tnrry
men and one woman, all said to be
members of the Industrial Workers
of the World, were corralled by 150
citizens armed with clubs here today
and sent out of town on a westboum
train. The citizens were aroused by
a fire which started in the largest
saw mill in the county.
Wflffl BATTLE
Armies
Submarine Toll
For Last Week
Shows Increase
(By Review Leased Wire.)
LONDON, Julyq 25 Twenty-one
British vessels of more Uian 1,600
tons each and three less than 1.
600 tons each were sunk last week
by mines or submarines, according
to the weekly Admiralty report on
shipping losses.
One fishing vessel also was
sunk.
The anuouncement of the Brit
ish Admiralty given above shows
an increase of seven vessels of
more than 1,600 tons sent to the
bottom as compared with reports
of the previous week when 14
were sunk. In the smaller cate
gory the losses are the same as
those given in the report of the
previous week three, while there
was a falling off by seven in the
number of fishing vessels sunk.
Big Philadelphia
Refinery Burns
(By Review Leased Wire.) : .:.
PHILADELPHIA, July 25. Fire
which started in the plant of Ihe
Atlantic Refining company here
at midnight last night and was
brought under Control after de
stroying stills with 400,000 gal
lons of gasoline, spread suddenly
today and caused 12 other gaso- -line
stills and two naphtha tanks
to explode. Nine men were injur
ed. The total loss is estimated
at $350,000.
AWOintment OT
Mr Mr
Hurley settled
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, July 25. Con
firmation by the senatte today of
Edward N. Hurley's appointment
to the shipping board as successor
to William Denman, wht was for
ced out by President Wilson, fore
cast an early start on the gov
ernment's shipbuilding program.
Mr. Hurley will probably meet
with the board tomorrow. He
will be elected chairman at the re
quest of the president.
Rear Admiral Capps, named by
President Wilson to take charge
of shipbuilding as general man
ager of the emergency fleet cor
poration, conferred today with Ma
jor General Goethals, whose resig
nation the president accepted yes
terday, and will start to work to
morrow or Friday.
Sinn Fein Plot'
Nipped in London
(By Review Leased Wire.)
LONPON, July 25. According
to the lobby correspondent of the
newspapers the precaution in hav
ing secret service men placed in
the parliament building was to
prevent a contemplated demon
stration of Sinn Feiners. One ver
sion says the government had
been informed of an alleged Sinn "
Fein plot to throw bomb or dis
charge revolvers fro mthe strang
ers' gallery in the house of com
mons or blow up the house.
British Merchant
Cruiser Is Sunk
(By Review Leased Wire.)
(Continued From Page One)
LONDON, July 25. The British
merchant cruiser Otway was torpe
doed and sunk in northern waters on
July 22. Ten men weer killed. The
remainder on board were saved. This
announcement was made officially to
day. SMUGGLING EVIL IS
RAMPANT
N HOLLAND.
(By Review Leased Wire).
THE HAGUE, Netherlands, July 26.
How widespread and deeply-rooted is
the smuggling evil on Holland's fron
tiers, despite the sharpest repressive
measures, may be judged from the
fact that, in the southern provinces
of Limburg and North Brabant alone,
11,000 persons have been banished
from the regions declared In a state of
siege. Moreover, the prisons there are
full, while thousands of smuggling cas
es are awaiting trial .
Are in
FAILURE OF RUSSIAN VAR MACHINE
SHATTERS UNCLE SAM'S' HOPES THAT
STRUGGLE ABROAD WILL SOON END
ASH1NGTON. July 25. No at
tempt is made here to mini
mize the seriousness of the sit
uation in the war theatres In
Europe. The United States is in the
war and will go through with it; but
any hope of a short struggle has gone
glimmering with the apparent almost
complete collapse of the Russian war
machine.
This development was unexpected
ty many army officers. When the of
fensive of July 1 was started by the
Russian forces, the most frequent com
ment heard here was that it was prob
able the dying kick of the old Russian
machine.
Fjr the United States the Russian
collapse may have an immediate and
direct bearing. It will, if the German
general staff presses its advantage,
release additional 'German forces to
bolster the western front, where Amer
ican troops are to be engaged. The
German line In the west has not been
seriously impaired at any points, of
ficials here believe.
Master Move Considered.
It has been noted, in fact, that the
one strategic advantage gained in re
cent fighting was gained by the Ger
mans. Many officers here believe that
when a small sector of the British line
in Belgium was overwhelmed, the Ger
mans improved their weakest front ma
terially. That view is based on the
opinion that the only hope of decisive
attainments for the allies in the west
lies in rolling up the German right
flank where it reaches the sea in Bel
gium. If that could be done, it is argued,
the U-boat bases could be stamped out
and the only offensive instrument ot
the Germans be eliminated entirely or
made ineffective.'
It would require combined army and
navy operations for it would be neces
sary to force a landing behind the Ger
man line and force the wbole right
flank back from the sea as a result.
The price of such a victory against
the U-boats and German shore bat
teries probably would be appalling.
Mrs. RenaMooney Acquitted;
Jury Deliberates 51 Hours
(By Review Leavid Wire).
SAN FRANCISCO, July 25. Mrs.
Rena Mooney, one of the five defend-j
ants in the bomb explosion cases here
which excited world-wide interest, was
acauitted late today. After a trial
tbat had lasted nine and one-haifiing and bowing right and left, to the
weeks, the jury deliberated fifty-one
hours before reaching its verdict of
"not guilty". Several other indict
ments are pending against Mrs. Moon
ey but it is uncertain,, according to the
district attorney, whether she will be
tried again.
Thomas J. Mooney, her husband,
and Warren K. BiUings have been
convicted and sentenced, respectively
to death and life imprisonment. Both
have appealed. Israel Weinberg and
Edward A. Nolan, the other defendants
remain to be tried.
"The bomb cases are at an end," de
clared Thomas O'Connor of Mrs.
Mooney's counsel. "The next trial will
be that of Oxman." Frank C. Oxman,
an Oregon cattle man, is accused of at
tempted subordination of perjury in
connection with Thomas J. Mooney's
trial, in which he was the chief wit
ness 'for the prosecution.
"I am surprised at the verdict,"
said District Attorney Fickert. "We
expected the Jury to .disagree." As
the foreman announced the verdict,
;Mrs. Mooney, a comely young music
teacher, jumped- from her seat and
kissed each Juror. Friends, relatives,
and her attorneys showered her with
congratulations.
Mrs. Israel Weinberg fainted when
the verdict was announced. Cheering
and hand-clapping by a number of the
Draft Army WillBeCalledto
The Colors Early In September
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, July 25. - Prepara -
tion for actual mobilization or the ; wpi pruunm, i ir- u.i-.v.
national army went ahead here today j cases, by the time the sixteen canton
while the local selection boards ments are ready early In September,
.u ...... .u . I Provost Marshal General Crowder
moning for examination the men who)
.n ., rrr. it u hollaed ;
that a considerable number of men i
will be selected and awaiting the call I
HnhpJess
r -
and there is nothing to Indicate that
th,e effort Is bring seriously consider
ed. Transportation Lacking.
Reports from France, official and un
official, so far as known give no cheer
ing picture of what must be done.
There appears no doubt that the al
lied line can stand against any force
Germany can bring against it. Even
the Russian disaster does not effect
the situation. But to gather the neces
sary strength for a successful offensive-will
take time and ample ea
transportation facilities if the United
States is to furnish the needed surplus
of men, airplanes, munitions and food.
. The transportation problems before
the United States, both on land and
sea, are constantly increasing in scope.
It seems certain now that whole rail
road systems will have to be set up in
France to give the American line the
flow of war materials and men that it
must have to press home an attack.
.There is an old military rule that a
fortified position cannot be taken by
direct attack, but must be turned or
isolated. Some observers here say
the allied offensive has consisted only
of direct attacks against fortifications
stronger than any fort of former
days, in effect, a fortified belt from
the the sea to the Swiss border that
is perhaps anore than one hundred
miles wide.
America Optimistic.
It is the belief of some military
men here that no breach can be made
for many months through the German
line of sufficient width to permit such
operations in the rear as would force
a rolling up 'of the, entire German
front. .
Admitting all tho?B points, however,
theie Is no sign - i$L discouragement
among American officials. President
Wilson's declaration that the nation,
not merely an army, must be ready
for war, is being carried out -determinedly
and apparently with confidence
that in time men and supplies can be
got to France in sufficient force to
make certain the result.
I spectators was stopped by the bailiffs
and the court-room was cleared. As
the jurors filed out women relatives of
' the various bomb defendants seized
j and kissed their hands.
I Mrs. Mooney made her way, smil-
county jail where her husband 1s con-
fined. Entering his cell she threw her
self into his arms. The other defend
ants and numerous relatives and
friends crowded into the cell and a
levee was held.
After she left her husband's cell.
Mrs. Mooney was taken to the women's
quarters of the prison.
"It has been a terrific strain," said
Mrs. Mooney. "But I knew from the
beginning of the trial that justice
would triumph. I cried bitter tears
when I saw Miss Pearl Seaman, who
had both of her legs blown off in the
explosion, come into court. It has
been hard for me to understand that
I was being charged with a crime of
this nature. When I am free I will de
vote my life to giving Miss Seaman a
musical education."
No statements were forthcoming
from the jurors as to their long delib
erations. They said they would have
j nothing to say about the number of
votes taken and as to how they ballot
ed, in accordance with an agreement
made before they left the Jury-room.
Superior Judge Emmett Seawell
complimented the jurymen on the pa
tience they had shown. He told them j
however, that he would not comment
on their verdict because of the fact
that the defendant still had other !n -
dictments against her.
! to the colors before August 1. The:
' entire force will be ready, with the ex -
Pointed out today that the local boards;
actually are selection, not exemption, i
(Continued on page 5)
Rptmat
-
Russians Battle
Side by Side
With Rumanians
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PETROGRAD, July 25. A re
port of the gentral staff of the
Rumanian army received here t
day says:
"In the south Carpathians
troops under General Rofoza Av
ereze assumed the offensive and
occupied the villages of Meresci
and Volochany and captured sev
eral hundred prisoners and 15
guns, including some heavy ones.
We owe this success to the skill
ful maneuvering and close co
operation of the Rumanian and
Russian forces and also to the vig
orous activity of our allied artil
lery: "The powerfully organized en
emy line has been broken on ex
tensive front. Among other inci
dents onebattery lost its entire
personnel except seven men, whV
continued firing without cessation
and finally silenced the enemy's
fire."
BORDER TROOPS
WILL SOON SEE
All Units of National Guard,
Except Those of Southwest
ern States, Are Now Part of
Federal Forces.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON", July 25. The en
tire national guard of the country,
with the exception of troops from Cal
ifornia and southwestern states, was
in the federal service tonight under
President Wilson's call. The remain
ing units will be brought in August 5.
on which day the whole force of prob
ably 300,000 men will be drafted into
the army of the United States and
will lose its status as militia. From
that day on the state troops can be us
ed for any duty the president may di
rect and will be subject to no limita
tions that do not also apply to the reg
ular army. "
The first increment of the guard
was called out ten days ago. Those
recalled today in the second Increment
embrace New England, Middle West
ern and Northwestern states and sev
eral Southern states. Probably more
than 150,000 men went on the federal
pay-roll. New York, Pennsylvania and
Ohio troops and those from several
states were In the first increment.
With federalization of the entire
force complete after August 3, the
ranks of all regiments then will be
filled up to full war strength with men
from the selective draft lists.
There have been many things to In
dicate that guard rifeimen's which
are now fairly well equipped and
which had the benefit of the border
mobilization, will not be held long at
the divisional training camps. If
transportation Is available, the best
of the state troops may be hurried to
France at once, stopping only for final
outfitting before they sail. The Inten
sive instruction to fit them for trench
warfare will be given at the American
training camps in France, where Gen
eral Pershing's regulars alrady are at
work.
Miners Held On
Rioting Charges
Turn Down Bail
(By Review Leased Wire).
MIAMI, July 25. When bound over
' to the superior court here today on
! charges of rioting In tne earry cay
!0f the copper miners' strike in the
GRjbe-Mlami district, many of the strlk
i ers and the sympathizers held refused
to attempt to raise the $1000 bond fix
i ed by the Justice of the peace who pre
I sided over the preliminary hearings.
I About 25 men, all members of the In
ternational Union of Mine, Mill a
! Smelter Workers, secured bondsmen.
AWiut 30 others elected to go to jail,
but It Is believed many of these later
j will secure bondsmen
MEXICO CITY, July 25. Reports
received here from Tamplco say that
the general strike has been productive
of no disorders so far. A high offlcla
of the government declared sufficient
tttoops had been sent to the oil district
j to insure protection for alL
SERVICE
ABROAD
WIM. MINE
runinuro iimii uninr
AliU LrlrLUlLd ifILL MDliJL
BY DECISION OF MEDIATORS
Settlement of Colorado Strike now Lies Entirely in Hands of
Investigators Appointed by Governor Gifciter Employ
ers Will Try to Operate Properties No Matter What De
cision of Mediation Board May Be Picketing and Pres
entation of Demands Ceases.
L
EADVILLE, Colo., July 25. Leadville's metal miners'
strike has passed from the status of a walkout, picketing
and the presentation of demands, to one of mediation and
conciliation with both the operators and miners apparently
willing to abide by the findings of the mediation board ap
pointed by Governor Gunter and composed of Piatt Rogers
and Harvey Riddell.
When a copy of the letter drawn up by the operators in
session here yesterday, and approved by the remaining oper
ators of the Le'adville district in Denver today, was given out
here tonight the miners and merchants agreed that it was a
fair statement of the situation, and.it was agreed that the ac
ceptance of the mediation board by the operators was the
first step in the settlement of the metal strike, which has closed
37 mines and deprived 1 ,900 men of work.
Letter Made Public
The next step in the negotiations looking to the perma
nent settlement of differences between operators and miner
will be the coming of the mediation board to Leadville to go
into all phases of the mining situation here, including the cost
of living, the cost of production of ores, the market price paid
for these ores and the working conditions of the men under
ground. Volunteers Still Working Pumps
The letter of the operators to Gover
nor Gunter, accepting the services of
the men appointed by him to, inquire
Into conditions here, was presented to
the governor this afternoon by E. C.
Stimpson and John R. Ewing, attor
neys lepresenting- the Operators' as
sociation here. Over the long distance
telephone Mr. Ewing said tonight the
governor received the letter graciously other executive officers.
and treated the attorneys of the Op-
erators' association most courteously.!
. I Mediators Accepted.
The draft or the letter sent the gov-
ernor reads: . DENVER. July 25. TMe Mine Own-
The undersigned, operators of'ers association of Leadville. w.lere
mines and mining properties in Oxej3.000 ntal miners are on strike, pre
Leadville district, respectfully submit sented a' formal statement to the gov
the following- " ernor today accepting arbitration by
"You have appointed Piatt Rogers tne arbitartors appointed by the gov
.h Hrv RidHpii i inveotirat nd ernor. Piatt Rogers and Harvey Rid-
inquire into conditions affecting wages
heretofore paid the miners and em
ployes In and about various mines in
the Leadville district. We, therefore,
state to you that, although the State
Industrial commission, duly authorised
by law for that purpose, has, within
the past two months, made such an
Investigation and reported the findings
thereon. It is satisfactory to us for the
gentlemen designated by you to In
quire Into conditions so existing in
the Leadville district and we will af
ford to them every opportunity and
assistance for such examination and
for learning the conditions affecting
the same and any matters which they
may deem to be proper subject of In
quiry in connection therewith, so as
to help them in arrfvlng at a just con
clusion whether the wage scale of th-i
Leadville district is fair and proper or
otherwise.
Patriotic Motives.
"We take this action because we
recognize the sincere efforts of your
excellency is making to continue the
ore production of this district in this
time of national stress. We do not
believe that any Increase of wages at
this time is practicable, in view of the
low grade character fo the Leadville
ores, but, nevertheless, we will com
ply with the findings .and conclusions
which these gentlemen may after full
Investigation make and report to you.
LOAN OF 100 MILLIONS WILL BE
MADE TO CANADA U. S. BANKERS
WASHINGTON. July 25. Canada is i Approval today by Secretary Mc
to borrow $100,000,000 In the United j Adoo of the Canadian loan mks a
States to offset in part the heavy trade departure from the previous policy of
balance against her In this country, keeping the American money markets
The loan will run for two years, bear i free from the bond tifferlngs of other
interest at the rate of approximately belligerents.
6 per cent, and will be made by a syn-;
., xt v.v k..i,n Other Loans Planned -
aicmiv vi we" iuik i-. u. v
One W the reasons why the treas- NEW YORK. July 25. With the ap
ury Itself Is not making the loan Is ' proval by the treasury department of
that such a credit would have to be' the $100,000,000 loan to Canada it is
made in that case Indirectly through understood that other similar under
Great Britain. Another reason is that takings may son be consummated
heavy demands are In prospect upon between American bankers and var
the $3,000,000,000 authorized by con- lous foreign interests having debit
gress as a loan to the allies. A third balances in this country,
reason Is said to be that $100,000,0001 None of these proJecU Is likely to
bond issue would nw disturb the gov- assume large individual proportions
ernment's war financing In which there, but may run Into hundreds of millions
Is for the moment a lull. of dollars In the aggregate.
OPERATI
its
"It must be understood, however,
that no one of us Is bound to. or agrees
to, mine or operate any property if. in
his judgment, mining operations can
not then be advantageously conduct
ed." The Ittter was signed by 22 of the
leading companies of the Leadville dis
trict and by their gtneral manager or
I dell. The only reservation made by
the operators was the right not to op
erate any mines which tt was found
could not be operated at a profit under
the scale fixed by the arbitrators.
After reiterating that the State In
dustrial commission has made an in
vestigation of conditions at Leadville
and promising all aid to these arbitra-
tors named by the governor, the state
ment ccntinues:
"We take this action because we
recognize the sincere efforts your ex
cellency Is making to continue the ore
production of the district in this time
of national stress. No one of us U
bound to, or agrees to, operate or
mine any property if. in his judgment,
mining operations cannot then be ad
vantageously conducted."
The action of the mine operators
was the subject of an informal discus
sion of miners who belong to the Cloud
City Miners' Union. No action will be
taken regarding the attitude of the
union until the matter Is presented
to thti organization in a formal way.
It was stated.
The union miners denied a report
that they might return to work pend
ing the findings of the investigation
board. The men said they would not
consider returning to work until a -lef-Inlte
proposal had been made to them
(Continued on Pa Six)
j TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JULY 26, 1917.
FUEL FAMINE IN
CALIFORNIA
HAY
TIE UPJIDUSTRY
Southern Pacific Officials De
clare They Could Make Sit
uation Less Tense If Given
Federal Permission.
It is not yet too late for the federal j
g-overnment to avert the threatened
iut lauiiue iu vamurnia. oui renei j
legislation must oe enaciea quicKiy 11
disaster is to be avoided. This is the;
view of well Informed captains of in
dustry in the Golden state who saj
that consumption of crude oil in Cili
fornia is n'jw 60,000
above production.
barrels a day j
The recent testimony of W. R. Scott,
vice president and general manager
of the Southern Pacific company ,to
the effect that his road would have to
discontinue some of its trains within
a snort time unless the situation lm
..
prbved, has caused many large indu.
tries to wake up to the seriousness of
th nrnhiem Tho Smithem Pooifi- ia
the problem. The Southern Pacifi: is
using 45,000 barrels of fuel oil
a ilav
a ud),
which is nine to twelve thousand more
harrfl a riav than it ran Tinv -r r.rrv.
duce. Its entire reserve will soon bo
exhausted, and the reduction in train
service must then follow of necessity.!
Meanwhile the iichec oii- fields iii
the west are denied to producers on j
the theory that a navy to be built five
years from now may need the supply..
Transportation men point out that tne
neea nve years irom now could not . its fuel needs from its Own lands pend-, voted.
beany greater than that which exists ing litigation. Every barrel of oil: A compromise plan receiving much
now with the country at war and which the railroad buys in the open discussion would give the president
American industries striving to supp.y j market by offering sums above the go- power to limit the use of foodstuffs in
half the world. j ing price means that some California j light wines and beer when he believej
As a simple war measure, the gov- industry will be short mat amount of ; it necessary And provide for the re
ernment could hardly do less ' than its fuel oil needs. ' distillation of all spirits both in and
r
Unprecedented Shoe
Many Styles Stetson and Walk-Over Oxfords
In This July Clearance Movement
THERE WILL UNDOUBTEDLY BE some disappointed men when this sale of MEN'S OXFORDS comes to
a close but they will be those who failed to take advan age of it.
THE HUNDREDS WHO BUY these Low Shoes at these ridiculously low prices will not have a chance for
disappointment. They will have received much more tlun their money's worth. All the OXFORDS offered are
from the Fair Store's regular stock, and embrace the famous STETSON, and WALK-OVER makes, all new, cur
rent season's styles, most of them full lines. If you act promptly you are sure of satisfactory selection Don t
put this off there's DISAPPOINTMENT IN DELAY.
V
r
Women's White Boots, $3.15
THIS OFFER REPRESENTS A SPECIAL purchase sent us by express from our shoe buyer. Mr. Cain,
who is now in Boston picking up shoe bargains for "The Fair" Store patrons, and making the purchases for
falL This boot is made of excellent quality white Canvas, 7U-inch Lace Top, White Ivory Soles that are very
flexible, covered heel; a dressy boot, possessing smart style and chic appearance; sizes from 34 to 7 in narrow
widths, B, A and AA's. A genuine bargain at, a pair $3.15
The Fair's 66 A
-
Special Friday Sale
WE WANT TO IMPRESS YOU WITH THE IMPORTANCE OF THIS OFFER
AND THE LOWNESS OF THE PRICE. AND URGE YOU TO ACT PROMPTLY
IF INTERESTED, BECAUSE THE ENTIRE LOT WILL BE CLOSED OUT
EARLY FRIDAY. IT WILL BE A LONG TIME BEFORE YOU WILL HAVE AN
OTHER SUCH A CHANCE TO SAVE ON BLOUSES.
BOY, IS HERO OF
IE
Lad Works Among Dead and
Injured Until Overcome by
Fumes Sixty Men Die in
Explosion at Sydney. f
(By Review Leased Wire.)
SYDNEY, C. B., July 25. Sixty nun-1
DISASTER
ara worn lrillfKt In. an Avnlnuinn in tnoihlatliTPt in fit TtiOt infl tt HlSHf?rPt fO fill
. . . ,., I
- -
" -- j
Tnirty-two oodles, many ot them ter-1
ribly mangled, had been recovered ;
late tonight and it was said that the
gas
fumes which hindered the ear:y worsi
of rescue would permit the removal
of wreckage so that other bodies cVuId : ditures ' committee, which he main
be reached before morning. ! tains would embarrass him in the con-
The cause of the disaster, which was! duct of l.he war- administration
the worst in the history of Cape Bre-ers aPe certain that they can eliminate
ton mining, had not been determinea : iu The Ppoal to have three food
g . .,1
tyl h" JBltto tfrTt '
8le a y' 1,0 responded to the nrst
11 i i 7i. . j I
lui utrijj. Xlt7 w trill UUM 11 iu UU1U-
- . . '
uer o lanuuiK aim woraea mere until
he was forced to return to the surface
After recovering somewhat from the
gas he returned to his work among the -
injured and dead. This time he was
sent to the surface unconsc.'jus ami
ne died while being carried to a hos
pital.
permit the Southern Pacific to supply
i
At a Sensationally Low Price
Made of Crepe, Lawn A Q
Voile and Madras at
EVERY WOMAN needing a dainty Blouse should know this
nows; It's worth while to exami.io such values. Upsides, one cannot
hav too many waists, especially if they are of the kind adapted for
w.-ar at home or knockabout; and. of couraH, there are styles among
these that are suitable for street wear, too. .
THEY ARE made of wijite and striped Lawn, Boft Crepes, SUoer
Voiles and Fine Madrases, prettily lace trimmed. A bargain at tlic
sale price ' 435
HOUSE AND SENATE
SPLIT OVER FOOD
- CONTROL MEASURE
Bill Is Still Far From Being
Passed by Either Legislative
Body Prohibition Prow
sion MaX Be Strengthened.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, July. 25. The ac
ministration food control bill was sen?
to conference by tbe h'juse today with
senate amendments. Thirty-one Re-
publicans joined in supporting a spe
cial rule shutting off debate, and after
lnat Republican Leader Mann's Op
position intended to force a separate
vote n t"e amendment creating a con
gressional war expenditures commit
a y,ew of pre8ident Wilson's an
nounced opposition to. the war expen-
commissioners msieaa oi one prooa..
will lead to a very stubborn fight
the president's desire is that the
, a . . . .
amenameni De cnanea 10 Kive me
nreciHpnt a free hand In his fond eom-
41-01 Program
i indications are mat tne senate pro
hibition provisions may be greatly
strengthened. At least five of the sev
en senate conferees are said to fav'jr
a bone-dry country and Chairman Lev
er of the conferees has promised the
1 prohibition representatives that he
will endeavor ' strenuously to retain
the bone-dry plan for which the house
Bargains
1-4 Off
Regular Prices
$4.00 OXFORDS $3.00
$5.00 OXFORDS $3.75
$6.00 OXFORDS $4.50
$6.50 OXFORDS $4.85
$7.00 OXFORPS .. . . .$5.25
: .
mxex
m
of Blouses
NO SEPARATE PEACE,
SAYS RUSSIAN ENVOY
Boris A. Bakhmetieff.
That Russia will never make a
separate peace, is the word brought
to this country by Boris Bakhmetieff,
ambassador from the new Russia to
the United States, and head of the
Russian mission which recently ar
rived in this country. M. Bakhmetieff
comes to Washington ifter having
held the portfolio of assistant min--fctei
of commerce in Russia uder
the new eovernment.
out of bond. Senate provisions now
in the bill would not touch wine and
beer and contemplate only the re-dis
tillation of bonded liquOrs.
Whether the $2 a bushel minimum
for wheat will remain in the bill is en
tirely problematical. The house con
ferees will make a hard fight against
It. The conferees on the control bill
are Senators Gore, Chamberlain, Smith
of South Carolina, Smith of Georgia
Kenyon, Warren and Page, and Repre
sentatives Lever of South Carolina
Lee, Gee, Georgia; Candler, Missis
sippi; Hefflin, Alabama; Haugen
Iowa; McLoughlin, Michigan, and An
derson, Minnesota.
RIVERS AND HARBORS:
CONGRESS CRITICIZED
v
Twenty-seven Million Dollar
Appropriation Not Connect-
ed With National Defense,
Declares Senator.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. July 25. Attacks in
the senate today upon the $27,000,000
rvers and harbors bill centered in an
indictment by several senators of the
National Rivers and Harbors congress,
which maintains headquarters in
Washington and carries on an active
campaign for waterways improvement.
Senators Kenyon of Iowa and Jonos
of Washington, republicans, and King
of Utah, democrat, led in the criticism
of the organization's activities whici
were vigorously defended by Senator
Ransdell of Louisiana, democrat, "for
many years president of the water
ways congress.
That bfck fires" have been set In
their home states against certain sea
ators and representatives by those in
terested in the organization's prbpa
ganda, was charged by Senators Ken
yon and Jones. Senator King declar
ed he could see no difference between
the activities of the rivers and har
bors congress and that of other .or
ganizations criticized for illegitimate
lobbying.
Senator Ransdell protested that the
organization's efforts have been alon
strictly legitimate, open and public
lines, and declared that no one con
netted with it had ever been chargec1
wl'h lobbying among members of con
gress.
Senator Kenyon madp a long speed
against the appropriation bill, point '
ing out the many small creeks anc
rivers with neglibile commerce for
which appropriations are proposed.
Senator Sherman 0$ Illinois, repub
lican, declared the "measure is n
more connected with the national de I
fonse than may last doctor's bill."
I
FRANCE IS STILL
DETERMINED TO WIN
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PARIS. July I'.". A conference o
representatives of the entente a!li'i
who are concerned in the military am'
political situation in the Balkans be
gan here today. The utmost secrecx
will' be maintained with regard to thi
deliberations. Alexandre Ribol
French premier and minister of for
cign affairs, addressed the gatherin;
saying:
"Greece today is ranged on our sid
Her accession to our cause modiliei
conditions and the sittiaion in the l!a!
kans, and we shall have to examiin
into this new state of afluirs and stud
together how the composition of th'
army of the orient and its future npe
rnlioiiH will be affected. AH the na
Hons finhtine In the Italkans are rep
resented here.
"We san st;ite that the three year:
of war have weakened neither our ;ia
tlon nor our will to conquer."
LEGISLATORS MARK
TIME WHILE AWAITING
NEW WAR ESTIMATES
Increased Levies on Income
and War Excess Profits
Considered Probable to Meet
Demand for More Fuhds.
(By Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON, July 23. While
awaiting the forthcoming estimates of
$3,000,000,000 or more under prepara
tion ly the executive departments to
cover war expenses, senate finance
committee members discussed inform
ally today how great a part of the to
tal should be raised by taxation and
on what commodities the increases
should fall.
Several senators predicted that the
present $1,670,000,000 total of the bill
would be Increased to at least $2.00.
000,000 with an authorization to cover
additional expenses by a new bond
isue. Others favored a greater in
crease in taxes and less bonds or in
debtedness certificates. Most leaders
apparently were resigned to a fur
ther increase of not less than several
hundred million dollars.
The general feeling seems to be
against any basic change in the bill.
Committee leaders apparently favor
securing the additional taxes by in
creased levies on income and war ex
cess profits, with addition of a few.
but comparatively minor tax source.
Protests against various features of
the excess profits sections were re
ceived by the committee at its infor
mal session today. A delegation oU
railroad representatives, including A.
H. Tnom. general counsel for the na
tional railroads' legislative body, ar
gued that the country would be more
benefitted, in view of transportation
needs, to have the railroads use their
surplus in betterments and extensions
rather than to pay it in taxes. A num
ber of merchants and manufacturers,
headed by President Simmons of tho
Simmons Hardware Company, St.
Louis, urged reduction from 80 to 60
per cent of the war excess profits tax.
SWEDISH MILITARY
OFFICERS' PAY IS
HOT SATISFACTORY
(By Review Leased Wire).
STOCKHOLM. July 2-To one who
desires to make a financial success of
his life, the cafepf ' of ftificer in the
Swedish ariny offers little inducement.
The discussion attending a movement
to increase the pay of officers has
been pointed by the following instance,
which is declared to be average and
typical.
The officer in question served three
years as second lieutenant without
pay, and five years more In the same
grade at $144 a year. He was then
for five years first lieutenant at $2S0
a year, then for seven years regimen-1
tal adjutant at $367 yearly, and fivo
years regimental quartermaster at
$368 yearly.
At the age of 46. after 23 years' ser
vice, he. became captain and. received
$906 a year for 1 years. For the
next four years he received as major
the yearly pay of $1,405. and then be
came lieuteiant colonel at $1,750. His
retirement pension was $960 a year.
The officers cannot of course, sup
port themselves and buy their uni
forms on their pay. They must either
bave independent incomes, make a
rich marriage or else devote their lit
tle spare time to profit-bringing out
side work.
The
N
Across Tombstone Canyon from the
new Catnolic Church, right on the
car line at Quarry Stop you can
not miss it.
New H-'udi and warehouses' sheds
that really proiirt and k'op Lum
ber as It should be kept. We are
well equipped with machinery to
do all kinds of Yard .Mill Work.
A visit to the Yard will be a sur
prise to you.
"WE WANT YOUR BUSINESS"
Gibson-Hines
Lumber Co.
J. W. F. SMITH, Mgr.
Phone 88
Yard
Henderson will try and . I
please you, :
Watkins, he
helps too,
Lumber has gone up
a little as j - -,
Usual as other I
things has,
M. ighty good
timetobuy A TVTi 1 TO
tj efore thing, lNVjHJO
get so high
Each month you put off
building that home you PTlTr H
Run a risk of - ' 1 UlvC
having none
c slu, FOOD
f Ison may offer some .,
GROCER
PHONE 29
M. KEANE j
High Class Tailor, I
Airdome Theatre
LoweiL - Arizona
DR. W. A. KIK6SLEY
ri C 1 IVTDV j (Oouliat) Specialist
vy. rk. U)LM ana EYE, EAR. NOSE and THROAT.
UNDERTAKING CO Seral years' experience in Lon-
don, Berlin, Paris. Vienna, Deco-
Robert Henesey, Prop.
Opposite DepoL Ambdano ' iX'SL.
Tucson, - - Arizona
EYE NERVE GLASSES 1
Study and much re
S'm2:his tWh0erkcauroef C M- GARRISON,
yhs-id my successful practice ' Wa" Street,
" in Bisbee. Dr. R. NEW YORK CITY.
Glaze, Neutrologist. SPECIALIST IN COPPFR
Room 1. Maze Bldg.. Phone, Office Sr':'y'lAlXrt!
156, Residence, Black 420. OlUCfvO.
Jerome lasuea Reported On
We are paying good prices
for hides. A A
ARg rc Hotel Paislcy
432 Geary St, San Francicco, Cat
WATKINS & BERGQUIST 0n B,ock From st Franci
Opposite Columbia Theatre
Jewelers and Opticians 100 out'd Rooma with Bath.
Rate $1.00 a Day And Up
rrmmrrnTtm mfrim . , , on yti? i Under The Management of
The HALLMARK Store I Ed- Andereon Win. Robinson
3 I All Geary Street Care Direct From
I Ferry To Hotel.
QUEEN LAUNDRY J
RcepectfiWy Solicit Your ,
PHONE 58 ppjxr
CHICHESTER S PILLS ffS
Sik si&tt&sShs : Viv I n D)v 24 Hours : :
11 CT "t.w. a kcui. irv.TERi ' ?Z2r P'Q'J ' .
SOLOSYPOT5TSEVFRYV4HKE sJ
r
BISBEE-DOUGLAS STAGE
W1NTON SIX
Travel In luxury roomy, comfortable cars; careful, courteous driver.
Leave-Depot Square, Bisbee and Gadsden Hotel, Douglas on the
hour commencing eight A. M. daily, via Lowell and Warren. Arrange
ments may be made for private parties and special trips.
MOTOR TRANSIT CO.
Phone, Bisbee 82 Phone, Douglas 313
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best or everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5 :30 to 7 : 30 p. m. . Regular Board by the month, $40;
$ 1 0 by jhe week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
MM
t.7 vt- -
II U iZ-SAi
Bisbee Lumber
EM I L 'MARKS, Mgr.
LOWELL
Come, Qpt A-Board!
or anything else in the lumber
line here and your mirror will
tdiow you a man well content
with his lot th house on hU
lot likewise. Whatever the
house builder or the carpenter
desires boarding, lath, shinglev.
Joists, etc. Our prices will as
tonish you only with their rea
sunablenesg. .
Company. fn
CAR STOP.
PHONE 125. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JULY 26, 1917.
THREE
I r a cr?n a r r nrnnr !
I: ii
NATIONALS
(By Review Leased Wire).
PITTSBURG, July 25. With a feian
on second and two out in the thir
teenth inning today Hans Wagner
dropped an assist from Debus and the
batsman - was safe, Johnston scoring
from second on the miss-play and win
ning the game for Brooklyn. Johnston
had singled to right and stolen second.
Score by innings R H E
Brooklyn ...000 100 002 000 14131
Pittsburg ...000 201 000 000 03 6 4
Marquard, Coombs, Smith and Fy
ers. Wheat; Crimes, " Jacobs and
Schmidt.
AMERICANS
Only one game scheduled.
Coast Results
RHE
.403
At San FranciscV
San Francisco
Oakland 1 2 2
Johnson and Baker; Prough and
Mitze.
At Salt Lake It H E
Vernon ( 4 9 2
Salt Lake ' 7 7 2
Shore and Simon; Du Buc and Fish-
fBy Review Leased Wire.)
PHILADELPHIA, July 23. Phila
delphia hit the deliveries nf rtniisa
and Jones hard and won from Detroit
.Myers not only pitched good ball, but
he also scored two runs and made
three singles, all of which figured in
the run getting. Cobb made two sin
gles and was hit once in four trips to
the plate.
Score by innings RHE
Detroit 000 001 1013 9 2
Philadelphia 000 022 13' 8 13 1
Dauss, J'ones and Stallage; Myers
and Scbang
T75
STURDY YOUTHS ARE TiiOE AT LARGEST AVIATION CAM!
Boston 5, St Louis 4
BOSTON, July 25. St. Louis rushec
to an early lead but Davenport weak
ened and with poor fielding by Lav an.
the Boston team tied the score in the
fifth inning. Walsh singled in the
sixth inning and after Janvrin's sacri
fice and Gardner's second two-bagger
he scored the winning run for Bosivm.
Score by innings RHE
St. Louis 102 100 000 4 9
Boston 100 031 0005 9 1
Davenport, Hamilton and Severoid:
Leonard and Thomas.
At Los Angeles RHE
Portland 1 8 2
Los Angeles 3 8 0
Fincher and Baldwin; Brown and
Boles.
Western League
At Wichita RHE
Des Moines 6 5 2
Wichita ... 7 10 6
Kallio and Breen; Lyons and dem
ons. Baker, Dobbins (10 innings).
At Joplin R H K
Loncoln 3 5 4
Joplin .'. . . 2 8 3
' East and Rohrer; McGranor and
Monroe.
At Denver RHE
Omaha 2 ,8 1
Denver i. 5 11 0
OToole, Thompson and Brottem;
Manser and Shestak.
At Hutchinson R H 13
SAux City 2 9 1
Hutchinson ...3 9 3
; Grover and Crosby; Wright and
O'Brien.
1 Southern Association
Mobile 3. Chattanooga 7.
Atlanta 2-2, Little Rock 7-2 (second
game five innings, rain) .
New Orleans 0, Nashville 1.
Birmingham-Memphis, rain:
IBM
KNOCKED
OUT BY LEONARD
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PHILADELPHIA, July 25. Benny
Leonard, lightweight champfon of the
world, stopped Johnny Kilbane, featn-
erweight titleholder, in the third
round of what was to have been a six
round bout at Shibe Park tonight
Jimmy Dunn, Kilbane's manager, toss
ed a towel into the ring when two m
utes and 59 seconds of the third iVmnd
was over .
At no time during the three rounds
did Kilbane stand a chance with
Leonard. Leonard won the first by a
good margin, the second by even
greater odds and in the third beat
Kilbane helpless to the floor. Kilbane
weighed 127 pounds and Leonard ex
actly 133. the lightweight limit. The
six ptmnds difference aided Leonard,
but he won because he completely
outboxed the featherweignt champion
and outhit him during every minute
of the fight.
The third round had gone only half
a minute when Leonard started Kil
bane to defeat. Kilbane led a hard
right for the head and Leonard ducked.
When he came up he shot both right
and left to the jaw and Kilbane wen
back against the ropes almost help
less. He clinched with Leonard and
when Referee Frank O'Brien tore tneu
loose Leonard lyanded a right hook to
Kilbane's jaw. Kilbane staggered and
fell, clutching at Leonard's knees.
When the( referee started to count
Kilbane backed weakly around the
ring with Leonard in close pursuit.
Leonard landed a light left to Kil
bane's body and then dropped his
guard. Leonard measured Kilbane
carefully and landed a right cross to
his jaw. Kilbane fell face forward.
The timekeeper was about to pu:: mc
bell for the end of the round when
Kilbane's manager threw the towel
into the ring, ending the fight. Kil
bane was helped to his corner. Leon
ard is credited 'officially with a knock
out ,
A large crowd saw the fight, which
Was for a purse of $20,000. divided
evenly between the two men.
Chicago 4-5, New York 1-1
NEW YORK, July 25. Chicago de
feated New York twice. In the first
game Cicotte pitched bis usual sti'jng
game against the Yankees. The visi
tors was the second game in the first
inningwhen they knocked Fisher out
of the box.
First game RH
Chicago 000 000 220 410 3
New York 000 001 0001 6 0
Cicotte and Schalk; Mogridge and
Nunamaker.
Second game -' .f ' RHE
Chicago 400 000 0105121
isew York 010 000 0001 9 3
Faber and Schalk; Fisher, .Russell.
Love and Walter. - '
Serbian Army
Courage Grand
Even In Defeat
j . ' . ' : 1 ; ; :. '' : j : : -
fr jkot. : - .- - Va
actory
neni
quipi
At an expense of more than $2,000.00 we
have installed machines that are used in the
shoe factories. We have the only shop so
equipped in the Warren District.
We can turn out the highest class of work
While You Wait '
RUBBER HEELS, 10 MINUTES
SOLES AND HEELS, 20 MINUTES
We pay return postage on goods sent us from
out of town.
Goodyear Shoe Shop
Phone 818
Allen Block
' " Squadron No. 1, Areo Division, at the Daytoa aviation. training camp.
' The young men who tve qualified as aviation recruits at the fcileral aviation camp r.car Dayton, Ohio,
re equipped with unusual nerves and physique. The photograph of Squadron No. 1 shows well enough U19
ort of material required that first-class aviators may be produced, tk-i.ted in ths immediate f o: erourid are
Lieut. Schultz, Lieut Richards and Capt. Kirby
Monastir road where the patrol com
rades were cooking their evening meal.
They marched badly, slowly, slouch
ing, their old shoulders bowed under
their packs, their, grizzled faces j
deeply lined, iet tnese men were tne
cutting edge of the weapon that bent
back the Bulgarian lines.
"One division, the Morava, remain-,
ed in the aggressive for 95 days with
out rest. During that period they had
but one trench the front ternch.
They had no second line, no' reserve.
no rest camp.
1000 Casualties in One Regiment
"One regiment of the Choumatiia a
visi'on, lost 1000 out of 1400 men in
taking Vetternik mountain, and then
held that mountain under fire from
the Rock of Blood, which douiinatec
the summit, for 20 days until relief
came. Even then the men of the regi
ment which had been so nearly wiped
out did not go to rest. They staytd "on
Vetternik.
half of some of the organizations were
"In the taking of Kaymakcha'.an,
killed outright.
They Will Fight on 'Till They Die ,
"The Serbs were enabled to do
these things, partly because of the ex
perience gained in five years of almost
continuous fighting. Another factor
was the spirit of the men. They no
longer hoped for anything for them
selves. They expected to die. Tfose
who still remain expect to be killed in
action. But they intend that the bill
of Serbia shall be paid. '
ENGLISH
KITCHEN
The only American Restaurant Conducted by
Americans in the Bisbee District. Popular
prices Best of Service.
CONDUCTED ON AMERICAN PRINCIPLES
WE EMPLOY ONLY AMERICAN HELP
BRITISH SUB IS SUNK
BY GERMAN SEA-WAS:
BERLIN: July 25. The British sub
marine C-34 has been sunk by a sub
marine, it was officially announced to
day. The sole survivor was taken
prisoner.
The condifityi of the Serbian army,
after nearly 'three years of the bitter
est experience undergone by any of the
entente allied forces, is described by
Herbert Corey, the war correspondent,
in a graphic communication to the Na
tional Geographic society, a part of
which is issued in the following war
geography bulletin from the society's
Washington headquarters:
"The Serbs are the poor relations oi
the allies. They are armed with t:
old St Etienne rifle which the Frcnc
discarded. The artillery in support
has been cast from other fronts. 'Iheli
surgeons are t'orrowed surgeons, f.i
the most part They are uniforin- d
land fed by the French, and Grea. ;r.;-
ain loans them money. They nc.-. m
have enough cars even for stil use.
Sometimes they have not enougu foo-.
But they always have enough ammuni
tion and they find enough fighting Tor
themselves.
"The Serbian army began the great
retreat of 1915, 250,000 sti'jng. Not
more than 150.000 Teached asylum on
the Island of Corfu after the winter's
fight through the snow-filled passes of
Albania and Montenegro. In the con
fusion of those days some one had
forg'jtten. There was not sufficient
food or clothing or medicines or nurs
ing awaiting them. Fen who had
struggled through the winter died on
the open beaches of the Island of
Vido.
"Dying men dug their own graves
and then dug the graves of the men
already dead. Not more than half
were fit to serve again when the fall
campaign of 1916 began.
The Serb Army Today
"It was a sad army bitter army
but not a despairing army that I ac
companied last winter. Fany of these
men were "cheeches," in the Serb
phrase. When a man reaches the age
pf 40 he becomes 'uncle' to his neigh
bors. Some of these men were in the
fourth line before the war.
"Serbia tj the Serb peasant means
the little .while cottage, the plum or
chard, the 10 acres of ground'. Few of
them had been 50 miles from home
when war began five years ago in the
Balkans. Fewer have seen their homes
since. Tuey have received no news
from their wives and families, for the
Autro Bulgarian censorship had been
extremely severe. They have seen
their comrades die. M'ost of them
three men out of fire in some units
have been wounded at so:netime dur
ing the war.
No Songs on the March
. "There were no songs upon the
march except during those vivid dayu
when the Bulgarians were being for
ced out Vf Monastir. There was no
light-hearted talk about the campfires.
There was no music except that now
and then one heard the weird and
complaining tunes of a one-stringed
fiddle which some patient soldier had
made out of the material at hand.
"They kept to themselves or in little
groups .f twos and threes. At 'night
scores of tiny fires would sparkle in
the open and one either side of the
There are quite a few persons so pa
triotic they would like to run the war
themselves.
In A
pp3 vO IB
1 ' ' JB t ' '
sver pffodtaced.'
AStiVfri JimZWt r Fatima was the only
VX. mM cigarette-awarded
V '&'Ss WPZIZr i the FIRST PRIZE
N,'5V at the Panama.
j? jmef- Pacific Exposition. i FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JULY 26, 1917.
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Cntarad a Scond Claw Mall Matter at Bisbee, Arizona.
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH I .75
THREE MONTHS 2.25
6IX MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
6trT?AT (Our Weekly) per quarter .76
M Subscription Taken For Lesa Than 75 Cents.
PHONE NO. 39.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbre
Oaily Review before 8 a. m. will ct one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 89. Ths Review will con
sider It a favor If the irregularity of delivery Is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Thursday Morning, July 26, 1917.
Five billions more for the war. That means four
teen billions for the first year for Uncle Sam. War Is
much more costly than it was when Gen. Sherman made
his famous remark.
And the food bill, has it been passed yet? No, not
yet. Be patient yet a little longer. By the time con
gress gets through talking there will be no food to save
or to buy, it will all be in the storage and warehouses
and the speculators will have gone to Palm Beach for
the winter.
Indications point to a resumption of the English
drive on the west front A smashing body blow would
help a lot right now, with Russia reeling and the Prus
Elan boasting of his power. If the English can only
take Douai and the French take Laon before snow flies,
it will be a good winter for all honest men and a hard
winter for the Prussian wolves.
Wbbblies and their sympathizers are trying to stop
the steady growth of Loyalty Leagues in the mining dis
tricts by charging they are fighting union labor. Natu
rally the L W. W. outfit would stop at nothing in its
efforts to check the leagues, for their absolute and only
purpose is the elimination of the L W. W. agitators
themselves. The fact is, many union labor men are in
the league ranks, and all real friends of union labor
are joining in the fight on the menace of union labor's
worst enemy since father Adam stuck a spade in the
mould the L W. W.
Now if President Wilson only bad the power to
serve about two score members of congress as he did
Goethals and Denman in the matter of their eterna!
wrangling holding up the shipbuilding plan, we might
yet get started on the great work we have to do before
winter. But alas, only the people have that power,
and they WILL NOT use it. Wilson never did a braver
or a better thing than when he threw Goethals and
Denman into the discard. These men were so swollen
with pride that any patriotism or greatness, they ever
had had been crowded out of them.
CONGRESS AND THE REST OF US.
The ,natioa has Ion since lost patience with con
gress. And hope is fast dying. Great issues are a I
stake. Big men are rtady and eager to go forwan"
with the task of carrying on the war. But their hand):
are tied by a legislature that refuses to legislate.
Congress is placidly playing politics, quibbling over
its rights, calling names and generally acting foolishly.
Our surprise and gratification at the speed with which
the declaration of war and selective conscription went
through have been forgotten in our despair at the Indif
ference and inactivity of congress ever since.
Two tilings may be said for congress. That body
is, on the whole, conducting the business of the present
war far better than its p'redecessor some fifty years ago
conducted the civil war. There is less graft and down
right dishonesty today. The trouble now lies chiefly in
the habit of being small. Congress is no more indif
ferent now about national welfare than it is in time of
peace. Its attitude is perfectly consistent, though more
reprehensible in this crisis than in ordinary times.
And there's another thing we need to remember
when we are tearing our hair and raving about incom
petency at the capitol. There is a reason. We sent that
congress to Washington. We have fostered the attitude
of indifference and smallness by our own lack of inter
est in government affairs. Because we have suddenly
seen the light and would like to get something don-,
we have no right to expect that congress will change
its long-established habits. A thoroughly spoiled child
does not lose its self-will and selfishness overnight.
Let's make this present farce count for something,
after all. Let it teach us the lesson that in a democracy
the responsibility rests first and last on the people
themselves. Before they can take an intelligent part in
public affairs and shoulder responsibility with ease and
effectiveness, the peopls must be educated. Education
is the great tool of democracy.
We may be able to nag and coerce the present con
gress into doing our will. But we will never give any
congress the high ideals of service we think it ought
to have until we ourselves have developed them through
out the nation.
PLANS OF THE I. W. W. CAREFULLY LAID.
(The Christian Science Monitor.)
If the. tendency in any part of the United States has
been to regard as sporadic, merely, or as unrelated, the
recent activities of - members of the organization known
as the Industrial Workers of the World, it will be well
to come face to face with the realization that the cam
paign undertaken by that aggregation is along lines well
defined and evidently long considered. People of the
western sections 6t the United States, more particularly
in those localities where mining is the chief industry,
have for several years been more or less familiar with
the illegal operations, the intimidating influences, and
the open defiance of law preached and practiced by
leaders and followers of the clan. The I. W. W. had its
origin soon after the Western Federation of Miners was
disowned and outlawed by organized labor. Its mem
bership was recruited largely in the manufacturing
centers of the eastern states, although it was (originally,
as it still remains, a conglomeration of alien unskilled
labor. Neither the leaders of the movement nor its
members have any alliance, so far as is known, with
any recognized labor organization.
The boast of the L W. W. is that it will rule the in
dustry of the world. To accomplish this end it seeks
to incite revolution and to overthrow all established in
stitutions. It declares that between the working classes
and the employing classes there is nothing in common.
"Between these two classes," it declares, "a struggle
must go on until the workers of the world organize as a
class, take possession of the earth and the machinery
of production, and abolish the wage system." Into this
movement the leaders claim that they have blended
the teachings and propaganda of socialism, anarchy and
syndicalism. No tie, apparently, save the common bond
of revolution, incendiarism and sabotage, unites the
membership. The work of destruction is carried on by
leaders and members individually or collectively, as the
occasion seems to them to demand.
Recent activities of the L W. W., in widely separat
ed sections of the West, appear to indicate quite defi
nitely the present purpose of the leaders. Their ambi
tion, now that the armed forces of the nation are being
mobilized for action outside the country's boundaries,
seems to be to bring on a condition of civil war, with
their own organization as the ' nucleus of all discordant
and recalcitrant elements that openly oppose the present
war policy. The I. W. W. indulged a similar ambition
six years ago, when it thought it might see the United
States engaged in war with Japan. The preliminary
activities in the mining districts of the west at that
time were similar to the tactics being pursued now,
although the disturbances were not then so widespread.
WHEN THE DEAD SHALL SPEAK.
There is one book which it is safe to predict will
be a best seller when it is published. It will not require
any artfully worded advertising to swell its list of buy
ers. The mere statement somewhere in fine print that
It is out and obtainable at such a store will be enough.
The readers of the world will do the rest
The book comprises those memoirs of Bismarck
which are In the safety deposit vault of the Bank of
England. Bismarck himself placed it there with the
instruction that it be not published until everyone
named In it was dead. The present Kaiser is one of
those named. There has been a good deal of agitation
lately for its publication op the ground that it is enemy
property, but so far the British government refuses to
betray its trust Wilhclm is now 58, and although he
may live to be 100, it is doubtful. And there may be
some valid excuse for publishing the memoirs before
that If he were sent to some modern St. Helena, for
example
It is said that the Cunard Steamship company and
the British government will co-operate in the matter of
erecting a monument at Queenstown in memory of the
Lusitania dead who are buried there. In the little cem
etery on the cliffs back of , the quaint old English town
are three great mounds pnd these are all that mark the
resting places of a thousand dead men, women aud chil
dren who were murdered by the Germans over two years
ago. Townspeople seldom go there. They shun it be
cause of the terrible memories it brings to mind of the
suffering and sorrow of that May day when the world wit
nessed a new era of frightfulness that not even the bar
barian had been able to write in the dark ages.
"While the lamp holds out to burn the vilest sinner
may return." And so it was that John Rountree, an I. W.
W. leader arrested at Jerome, saw the error of his ways
and asked permission to join the army. The officials
decided that his repentence was sincere and released him
from jail. The army officers made an exception of this
case and enlisted the ex-agitator in the ranks of a worthy
cause. If others would only follow his example. But
alas, this seems to be the only case on record where a
regular I. W. W. ever allied himself upon the side of any
thing that stands for good citizenship. But you must
give the devil his dues one of 'em joined the army.
DEMANDS FOR LABOR
UPSET SECLUDED LIFE
OF WOMENIN TURKEY
Heavily Veiled Women Now
Doing Much of the Work
Originally Done by Men Be
fore War.
(By Review Leased Wire).
ROTTERDAM. Netherlands, July
25. rEven in the land of the harem
the war is bringing women into pub
lic employment and the public eye.
Hard shocks are bein administered to
old prejudices in Turkey, women's hge-
long seclusion .is being assailed, and
it will be strange indeel if file facts
recorded in the latest letter of the
Nieuwe Rotterdam Courant's Balkan
correspondent uo not have a lasting
effect on 'he generil position Of wo
men in the east
Such announcements as "the min
istry of war requires women for of
fice and warehouse duties, at a com
mencing salary of '.00 piasteis (equiv
alent to normally about $19) a month,"
emanating from the department 'of im
perial posts, telegraph sand tele
phones, the Turkish Red Crescent
(Turkish Red Cross), the railway
companies and the municipality car.
now be rer daily in the papers u.
the Turkisii cp'tal, says th'j writer,
quoted. The i oVces particularly add
that the candidate must present a
written statement from th-j head of
her family that me Mas been given
permission 10 accept such work. '
- - Invi'e Women to Work
They are signs of the times, testify
ing to the prevailing dislocation of or
dinary life in Turkey. Women are not
only permitted, but openly invited to
come and do men's won., beside am'
among men, and even in public. FOre-
over, they are offered immediately a
salary of $19 a month, while, in ordin
ary times, a male beginner lias to
serve the Cist few months for noth
ing.
Since the beginning of the war liv
ing at Constantinople has become tw
or three times as dear as beiOre. and
longer hours are worked evei in the
public departments. Nevertheless, the
conservative old Turk cannot yet
bring himself to grant his womenfolk
the permission required by the govern
ment.
The more levied of young and older
men are called tv the colors, however
the greater the need of substitute la
bor becomes. Women and gir's ar
more and more in dmand for occupa
tions which, according to Turkish
ideas, are unsuited for them.
It is still for the greater part Greek
Levantine and many Jewish women
and women subjects of. countries al
lied with Turkey, who have given ear
to the calls for woman labor. Practi
cally no Moslem women are to be
found engaged in office work. It is
chiefly in. the telephone service an .
the offices 'of the Red Crescent thai
Moslem women are to be found, and
then only a few. Some Moslem nurses
have also recently made their appear
ance in the dressing stations and "the
war hospitals, but they wear a white
cloth so wound round the head and
pinned together under the nose that
only eyes and nose are visible. Ar
menian women show just Us little in
clination for public occupations.
Boys Take Men's Places
There is still no thought in the east
of utilizing women as conductors 'on
train or street cars, as coachmen, mail
carriers or the like. The more men art
incorporated in the army, the more is
recourse had to ever younger labor,
with the result that schoolboys from
the middle classes, soys or 14 to lt
years of age are to be seen acting as
train conductors and even as driven-.
It is pretty generally acknowledgeu
that the women employes give satis
faction, and, indeed, are quieter and
less exacting than toe men. It is
even declared that altogether, they
waste less time in talking and con
sulting the mirror than the men re
quire for rolling their cigarettes, drink
ing their coffee, now no longer obtain
able, and the like. These virtues, not
withstanding, when normal condi
tions return it is not anticipated that
the women of Turkey and the east
will Offer very serious competition to
men on the labor market The con
ception and conviction are too deeply
rooted that women's place is at home.
AT YOUR SERVICE, UNCLE SAM
NEW SCHOOL FOR RAY
qn
A textbook on crime has been issued from Haywood
from Chicago for the I. W. W. It contains both simple
and Intricate Instructions upon how to wreck a train,
dismantle an engine, burn a wheat field and ruin any
kind of machinery at the minimum amount of labor. As
long ago as when the red backed song book of the agita
tors was written some of the leaders sung with great pride
of how they had wrecked threshing machinery on the
farm. When such a headquarters as this is allowed to
flourish In one of our principal cities, the average citizen
is Inclined to ponder over the precepts and purposes of
tie law.
In keeping with the prevaelnt spirit
in Ray. that there is nothing too good
for her citizens and residents, it was
decided at a meeting of the school
trustees to build a new and modern
school structure, provided a market
could be found for the bonds it would
be necessary to vote.
. While Ray's school system is one of
the best in the county, the number of
children of school age has increased
so rapidly that the present quarters
have become too cramped and it U
not possible to give them the proper
training. It is planned to ascertain If
there can be a market lOund for the
bonds and if a market is found a bond
election will be called.
Znt - ' .... y l
' v """" Sfc
SO THEY SAY
In praise of all that ever makes
Us wretched altogether.
In praise of fevers, frets and aches.
Of dull and dreary weather.
We sing a song in praise of these
We hymn a while about them.
For how would pleasure ever please
If we should be witnout them?
Without the sky of leaden hue.
Without the mood of sadness
How could we prize the sky of blue
Or yet be glad of gladness.
For happiness is oft enhanced
By thoughts a trifle dreary.
And misery it's often chanced
Has put the cheer in cheery.
Who dwells where skies are ever clear
Their charm is rarely guessing, j
Whose health is flawless thiOugh the
year
He hardly knows its blessing;
Thus wags the world and often though
Our woes we seldom treasure.
They help us quite a bit to know
The pleasantness of pleasure.
BRASS AND BRONZE
HOUSE FIXTURES TO
BE SEIZED IN BERLIN
There is a land of pure delight
Where saints immortal reign;
Infinite day excludes the night.
And pleasures banish pain. .
Watts.
Not all the water in the rough, rude
sea
Can wnsh the balm off from an anoint
ed klud. Shakespeare.
German War Mini&try - Will
Ignore Pleas of Housewives
in Order to Keep Nation
Supplied With War Metals.
(By Review Leased Wire).
AMSTERDAM, Netherlands. July 26
All pleas of German landlords and
signs of German housewives notwith
standing, the war ministry in Bsr'.in
declares that the requisitioning of
brass and bronze door and window
handles and fittings, in dwelling hous
es and other buildings. Is inevitable.
The measure will be carried out in
three or four months' time.
The association of Berlin House-
owners' Societies had sent a deputa
tion to wait on the chief of the par
ticular section of the war office con
cerned, but all in vain. In place of the
brightly shining brass and bronze ar
ticles in which she takes so much
pride, the German housewife will
have to content herself as best she
can with black "ersatz" (substitute)
door and window handles and fittings.
At least, the state proposes to supply
such uniform substitutes, and even to
see to the affixing of same directly af
ter the removal of the original articles.
If this be not to the taste of those con
cerned, they must bear the expense of
replacement themselves.
Under yet another official decree ex
pected very shortly, all brass and
bronze ornaments, grates, fenders, etc.,
are to be seized for the metal-devouring
war. while the provisional exemp
tion of requisitioned copper, brass and
nickel objects., particularly domestic
articles, has been already withdrawn.
EBUflPLETE-
Our banking service is complete in
every detail Convenience of location
a commodious banking room polite
attention promptness here await you.
Accounts subj'ect to check, invited.
Bank with us.
ill
m
FA
THERE IS NO LAW
Compelling a man to save, and we doubt if any law
could make the thriftless provident -
In this matter of saving you must either take
the advice of those who know or learn by your own
experience that it does not pay to live right np to
your income, spending every cent yon earn, regard
less of that future which may not be such a time ol
prosperity ior you aa the present is.
This bank helps you with four per cent interest
compounded semi-annually on your savings de
posited here.
I
Notions
It sounds simple enough to most
of us. But some men find it very hard
to shake the bottle.
mm
Of Fire Burning
Or Burglars
Stealing your private papers and valuables whn
you shut the home up for the summer.
There's Absolute Safety for. both when protected
by our modern vaults
. Private safes rent for $500 and up yearly.
Think this over then see
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street
Will E. McKe. President'
Bisbee. Arizona.
C A. McDonald, Cashier
1 -4 J
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JULY 26, 1917.
FIVE
ENLISTMENTS FROM
COCHISE IN MILITIA
NUMBER 119 MALES
BUREAU OF MINES TO
CONDUCT FIRST AID
AMERICAN AVIATOR.
ACCLAIMED A HiCtiO
Business and Professional Members of
.'1
. im iu in jc-' '
Citizens' Protective League
3
j
t
CLASSES AT U OF A
- -
' i
t
.
-1
-
c.i
- v m
3
- $
-3
-4
- t
f -5
Maricopa County Leads All
Others in State in Number
of Enlistments in National
Guard Draft Quota Cut
Thereby.
More men voluntarily enlisted in
the Arizona national guard and the
regular army from Maricopa county
than fi'oni any
state, according
other county of the
to the draft appor -
tionment recently completed by Col.
Fred S. Breen. A total of 259 enlist -
nients was accredited to that county,
The next largest number was from
Cochise county, where 119 young men
volunteered their services.
Many inquiries are being received;
by Colonel Breen in regard to the ap
portionment Many persons c'j not
seem to understand why some of the
smaller counties will be required to
furnish a large number of men from
the bigger counties, 'that is, bigger in
population.
It must be remembered that all vol
untary enlistments in either the na-
tional guard or the regular army,
which occurred previous to June 1,
were accredited to ' the " district in
which they were enlisted. For instance
the gross apportionment for Maricopa
county was 645, but of this' number
259 volunteered their service, so only
386 men must of necessity be taken
in the draft
The gi'oss and net apportionment
for the 14 counties of the state, to-,
gether with the number of men who
volunteered their services, follows:
Gross Net Accred.
Apache 72
Cochise 783
Coconino 162
Gila i 621
Graham 88
Greenlee .' 404
Maric'opa .. ..... 645
Mohave 134
Navajo 108
Pima 394
Pinal 35
Santa Crur .. ... 109
Yavapai 448
Yuma 145
Totals 4470
42
664
59
562
66
344
386
81
77
25
310
109
397
90
3472
30
119
1031
59 ;
22
60
259 :
53;
3li
109;
47
c
51
998
By the above tables it will be no
ticed that not one resident of Santa
Crui county volunteered for military
duty previous to June 1 and for this
reason that district will be obliged to
supply its full gross apportionment orjat home will be more important to the
109 men. ' ' I government than his services as a sol-
The record of Maricopa county. dier.
however, is a great surprise to the
civilian population. It was previously
th'ought that the young men of this
community were decidedly lax In pa
triotism, yet the statistics given out
by Colonel Breen yesterday tend to
indicate just the opposite; in fact,
show that Maricopa manifested more
patriotism than any other community
or county in the state.
Quality Hill residents may get fresh
milk, cream, buttermilk and Su::er
daily by calling at the Joe Mitchell
house, first bouse rear of- Woman's
club.
Wanted, to rent furnished two-room
and bath apartment. Z. G. Wilson,
Bisbee Improvement company.
QUENCHES THE THIRST.
Horsford's Acid Phosphate.
A teaspoonful in a glass of water is
very refreshing to the mouth and
throat. Buy a bottle.
rrvS
ilflii t Store-House mm
All the golden
those greatest
wheat and barlev is mel- t ' r-? !'
lowed into the rich nourish
ment of
If
mi
ml'
m
ml
Grape
Pure, wholesome, wonder
fully nourishing, appetizing,
economical.
Sold by Grocers
Practical Courses Will Be Di
rected by State Board at
Tucson on August Sixth,
Seventh and Eighth.
Registrations for the course in first
aid training to be given by the Ari
zona state bureau of mines on August
6, 7 and 8 are coming in rapidly and
in spite of the summer we ither it is
assumed that a large class will be in
; attendance.
Thl sopp'ortunlty of getting first aid
1 training is primarily of importance to
those selected by. the draft and to tuc
I candidates for admisison to the second
officers' ( training camp, which starts
on August 27. .
First aid is not necessarily the re-
- jlief of a person's own sufferings, but
: the relief and Comfort of others, and
is a thing that there is call for every
day, in household use, in the indus
tries as well as in the war zone'.
The wor ae it is to be given hy the
biaie uureau oi uuues bi me uiuvri-
sity is to be of a very practical na
ture and consists more in the practice
; of performing first aid operations than
; in the theory.
! The classes will be limited to 50, as
. that la the greatest number than can
be handled at one tine in work of a
; practical nature without reglectiuj:
some of the features, and incomplete
or incorrect first aid is far worse than
no training. Applications or registra
tions received early will of course be
given preference in making up classes.
Further information roardiii'; the
course may be obtained by writing C
' F. Willis, director of the' Arizona
state bureau of mines, Tucson,. Ariz.
DRAFT ARMY WILL BE
GALLED INJ5EPIE1ER
(Continued From Page One)
boards. Their primary purpose, he
i Kaid, was to select from registered
5;men those qualified for military serv-
'ice. The men they turn away after
examination will be rejected, ratter
than exempted because of physical dis
ability or dependents.
The exemption boards proper are the
district boards, which have power to
say whether the work a man is doing
Information reaching Washington
indicates that the selection boards are
taking the view of their work that
makes that name fitting for tham.
They are bent on finding men for the
army in the shortest possible time.
When they certify any man to the
higher boards as held for service, the
man becomes a soldier and subject to
soldier law. It will be the duty of the
provost marshal general from that
time on to see that he complies with
all army orders affecting him and also
to turn him over to the army au
thorities when he is called to the
colors.
The quotas from the various districts
probably will be assembled fiftt a1
their district headquarters when the
call comes. Whether they will bo
turned over to an army officer there
and taken to their cantonment ui
whether one of their number wiH!T2i?
placed in charge to conducts tWin-!
the the cantonment, has not been de
cided. '
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
723
y if jus Kt
goodness of '?t.": t -! V?
food grains
- Nuts
everywhere.
i ''art 'tt ii ii '-1- 1 1
mm
k r ft ;
1S "st t
in u i
fir- - 'ir
if 1 f
v i
H Ti f? 8 ;. Jill
' 4 &
j Corp. James Norman IlalL . '
' Following his single-handed fieri
with eight German warplanes, Co
foral James Norman Hall of Coif arc,
owa? member of the Lafayette fly
tng squadron, has been acclaimed a
hero in France. t
DOUGLAS THANKED BY
BISBEE RESIDENTS
FOR HELP IN DRIVE
Delegation From Citizens' Pro
tective League and Work
men's Loyalty League Re
ceived in Smelter City, -
Thirty residents of Bisbee, repre
senting the Workmen's Loya:iy reaguc
and the Citizens' Protective league,
yesterday officially thanked the Doug
las Citizens' Protective league and
the people of Douglas, as a whole, for
the support given this community ton
the morning of the drive and since
that time in the wholesome co-operation
which has been extended.
Representatives of the Douglas lea
gue met the Bisbee party, which trav
eled In machines to the Smelter City.
The crowd gathered in one of the
Douglas halls and Albert Stacy Vf
Douglas presided.
Several Bisbee men cordially thank
ed Douglas for the part played on July
12 and the Douglas people votcec re
sentiment that another like ' need
would meet with a similar, if not bet
ter, response.
Among 'other- things discussed wa
the proposal to make the Loyalty lea
gue a state-wide organization. The
idea met with instantaneous approval
at the.hands of the Douglas and Bis
bee people. Any steps taken in that
director may be expected to fall on
fertile soil in the Smelter City.
STANDARD OIL MAN
TALKS ON GASOLINE
"What Is Good Gasoline?",
J. E. Balsley Talks on Sub-j
ject of General Interest. j
!
In an article dealing with the burea'i
of mines tentative gasoline f:p;ch'ic:a-
tions, Oildom for March, 1917, says: ,
,In these, specifications graxily si
omitted entirely as a basis for test,
volatility being the basic pi'jpvrt fcr!
determining the grade and usefulness
of gasoline.
"Volatility is just another term for
boiling points," said Mr. J. E. Iialsl.jy.
district sales manager Standard Oi!
company, in discussing tlu'se propoe
ed specifications.
"Motor fuel efficiency depends oi
the boiling points or volatility of th j
gasoline, just as the bureau of mines
indicates. These boiling points must
be in a continuous chain, as unbrok
en, gradually rising series low boil
ing points for easy start inc. m'lhim
boiling points for quick and srin.Vith
acceleration, high boiling points for
power and mileage.
"Needless to say, gasoline hav'ng
this correct series of boiling point
cannot be made ly mixing r blind
ing. There are too many intermedi
ate points to be provided to lpake th'J
unbroken chain. On the ollu r hand,
in straight refinery gasoline, the con
tinuous chain of boiling pn'rts is de-!
veloped naturally during di.stillati.m."
COL. ELWOOD EVANS
DIES SUDDENLY IN
DENVERLC0L0RAD0
Commander of Tenth Cavalry
Detachment at Naco for
Months Ends Active Career
Saw Service With Pershing.
Col. Elwood W. Evans; resident of
Nac'o, where he was stationed with a
battalion of the Tenth Cavalry for
many months and friend of the entire
region, is dead. He died of heart fail
ure at a h'jtel in Denver on Tuesday.
He arrived in Denver but a few days
before to become Inspector general of
the Colorado national guara.
Colonel Evans has many friends in
this district, Douglas and at Fort Hua
chuca. While stationed at Naco with
the Tenth Cavalry he ranked as maor. !
It was during his tenure there that
he displayed the stuff American offi
cers are made of.
On July 19, 1915, Calles' soldiers un
der Colonel Cardenas, arcacea ;acu
and took the town. American saloon
men had invested thousands of dollars
there and the Calles people dumped
liqu'or into the streets and broke most
of the glassware. Four Americans
were detailed by the. Mexican com
mander. Colonel Evans drew up a compan?
of his men, parallel to the international
boundary, and called to the Americans
who were in Mexico asking them tz
they desired to come across the line.
They replied that they did. The Amer
ican officer immediately asked Colonel
Cardenas to deliver the men to the
line. Cardenas demurred.
Instead of talking Coionel r-au
called his troop to attention and then
notified the Mexican officer that the
men must be. delivered in three min
utes or he would be sorced to go into
Mexico and get them. There was no
further argument. The Americans
were sent to Arizona.
Colonel Evans, with the Tenth Cav
alry, went info Chihuahua with the
first part of the Pershing expedition..
by way of Hachita. He remained with
General Pershing's forces and whr.e
in the north Mexican state was pro
moted from major to lieutenant col
onel and before he returned to the
United States was made a full colone
Later he visited Bisbee and vrter i
that went Vo Fort Huachuca where he 1
remained for some time. Lately he;
has been on detached service and m
that capacity was about to begin work
in Colorado.
Colonel Evans' many friends In Sis
bee will regret to hear of his untimely
death. To Mrs. Evans and his son,
b'oth of whom are well and favorably
known in the Warren district, the sym
pathy of the entire community goes
out
How Long Must I
From the Pangs of Rheumatism?
Is there no real relief in sight?
Doubtless like other sufferers, yon
have often asked yourself this ques
tion, which continues to remain un
answered. Science has proven that your Rheu
matism is caused by a germ in your
blood, and the only way to reach it is
by a remedy which eliminates and re
moves these little pain demons from
your blood. This explains why lini
ments and lotions can do no perma
Thousands of Kitchens
Will Be
This Summer
Equip your kitchen with a GAS RANGE and a GAS FIRED WATER HEATER and free your kitchen
tasks from all disagreeable features.
CLEAN, practically without effort on your part, because dust and ashes are eliminated. EFFICIENT, be-
J T.I. 'Ill J1 - I
in
RELIABLE
OAS RAMjES
flfofjumMlau. 11
II WIDKMANN-S PUM. BVAPOBATtO t
II GOAT MILK If
tMihf diftfd by o tfc unait it
Vk ttomaeiuf WMMr M m att body Si
building prapmrUmt. F3
i t'wniU Mr f- f
& AT LIAOINO Dfl'JCOISTS jSf
. Tin
WIDEMANN GOAT MILK COL
riiMi'i Big. i r,mcv
Going to Los Angeles?
Why Not Have Your Teeth Fixed
Right, at Right Prices, by
DR. W. F. PEEBLES
The Reliable Dentist
ABSOLUTELY NO PAIN
302-4 Severance Building, Sixth and
Main Sts.
Entrance 105 West Sixth St.
Strained Eyes
Mean constant Head
aches. Come to me
for Glasses to give re
lief. LL
PETROGRAD, July 25. The Count
ess Panina, who recently was appoint
ed assistant minister of social tutel
age 1 nthe new department tf pubno
welfare, has resigned her portfolio.
A woman's military congress will be
convened August 1.
Suffer
nent good, for they cannot possibly
reach these germs which infest your
blood by the millions.
S. S. S. has been successfully used
for Rheumatism for more than fifty
years. Try it to-day, and you will
find yourself at last on the right
track to get rid of your Rheumatism.
You can get valuable advice about the
treatment of your individual case by
writing to the Chief Medical Adviser,
Swift Specific Co, Dept. D At
lanta, Ga.
G man
COO
iSSSS
3.
Bisbee Improvement
Lank of Bisbee. by M. J. Cunning
ham, Cashier
Standard Furn. Co.
Hood Jt "Bledsoe
C. W. Ruth
Ellin wood 'ft Ross
P. W. Buckwalter
John Angiu8 ,
J. R. Henderson
Frankenberg Bros. & Newman
Citizens' Bank & Trust Co., by C.
A. McDonald, Cashier
Phelps Dodge Merc. Co.. by W. H.
Brophy, Gen. Mgr.
Arizona Ins. Agency, by M. J. Cun
ningham, Secy, and Treas.
J. M. McGregor
Collins & Bretherton
Bisbee Auto Co., by J. J. Bowen
E. T. Rountree
Cochise Motor Co., by Simmons
Jas. P. Downs
Reynolds Music and Gift Shop, Mrs.
F. R. Reynolds
Robert Sasse
j. C. White
M. J. Brophy
The Miners' Store, by Ralph Brown
Buxton Smith Co., by B. L. Smith
Bisbee Daily Review -Bisbee
Lumber Co., E. Marks
Geo. D. Craig
Bisbee Improvement Co., by C. ,S.
Thompson
John M. Johnson
Bank of Lowell, by J. M. Lyons,
Asst. Cashier
Brophy Gar. ft Sup. Co.
Purity Drug Co.
J. S. Douglas
L. R. Bailey
Miners' & Merchants' Bank, by P.
W. Buckwalter, Cashier
J. B. Angius. by John Angius
Henderson & Watkins Lbr. Co.
Palace Grocery Co., by George Med
lgovich Gus Hickey ft Co.
W H. Brophy
W. E. Hankin
Treus Meat Market
Schwartz Bros. Co.
Arizona Gro. Co.
Watkins & Berquist
Stewart ft Rountree
C. H. Philbrook
Kisbee Dye Works
Palace T'nd. Co., by W. G. Hubbard
Ik Ran ft Seed, by Hogan
Norris Art Studio. Mrs. Norris
Welbourne & Dodds
H. S. Hillman
J. M. Ball, Druggist
S. A. Coco
I. . W. -Wallace
Sam H. Kyle
Bisbee Drug Co., by P. L.
L. J. Overlock
Francis E. Shine .
Louis G. Sena
Depot Market, Chris J. Prodano
vich O. K. Lir. ft Vnd. Co.
. Bisbee Fuel & Feed Co.
Central Pharmacy
J. C. Leroy
The Imperial, by Wm, McGlynn
Queen Laundry
Gibson-Hines Lumber Co.
Bruce Perley
D. C. Minton
Michael Keane
S Grant
J. H. Grant
Cochise Lumber Co.
Mainland & Williams
Lowell Drug Co.
Clarkson & Roberts
Southern Arizona Furn. Co.
Long Trail Garage, by Frank Mar
tin. "
Will Yours?
cause a gas range and water neater wm ao your cootang ana naiang
and provide abundant hot water at the lowest possible expenditure of
time and fuel.
COMFORTABLE not only in a physical sense, but because of
relief from the many worries that beset the particular housekeeper who
must depend upon an uncertain coal range.
We have a complete assortment of gas ranges on display, as well
as the different types of water heater. An investigation will place you
under no obligation. Call at our store or ask us to send a representative.
R. Cherna '
Lloyd L. Gilman
Arthur Not man
Copper Queen Cons. Mng. Co, by
O. H. Dowell
J. H. Verfurth
J. C. Ryan
P. J. Meenan
Warren Ranch, by H. Nowell
Bisbee Naco Water Co.
Johnson Add. Fur. Co.
Brophy Carriage Co., by J. a
Brophy
Gus Haigler
Bisbee Plbg. ft Htg. Co.
E. B. Wallace
L. McWhorter
Thos. A. Whitehead
Lee Janoviph
Warren Laundry Co.
A. R. Miller
James Sena
Johnson Meat Co.
J. S. McNelsh
Edw. J. Flanigan
Cleon T. Knapp
C. H. Vail
C. H. Hunt
Thos. Watkins
T. H. J. Heidi
Ezra B. Rider
M. C. Benton
Harry A. Reese
J. J. White
Martin Kiting
C. & A. Copper Co.
Warren Street Ry.
Lem Shattuck
W. P. Simms
Mark P. John
K. R. Winstead
L. H. Bovee
H. E. Morgan
Quality Tailors, by W. A. Douglass
McWhorters. by L. McW.
John Caretto
Brown & Dickstein
E. A. Tovrea ft Co.
V. M. Johnson
Mason Market
Thomas Blair
M. D. Cohen
E. P. Dupen
Williams ft Flanigan, by E. J.
Flanigan
Smith ft Ziesemer, by R. A. Ziese
mer Gonzales ft Tuell
George A. Bridge
N. C. Bledsoe
Wm. Eiting
J. J. Quill
H. Cochran
D. B. Klepper
J. C. Kriegbaum
Nathanson & Marcellus
W J. McGregor
Fred Johnson
Eugene Stevens
A. W. Robertson
Al. Kobey Shoe ft Tailoring Co.
Superior Ice Cream Co.
W. E. Irwin
Robert Hennessy
Lyric Confectionery
White House Cafe
H. M. Jacobs
E. P. Norton
J. F. Sinclair
Chris Vukasovich
J. P. Steffes
New State Cash Store
M. Levin
Geo. R. Taylor
S. Morganstein
R. O. Owens ,
S. T. Moss
Uncle Jim, by Jas. Finney. Jr.
Dr. A. Edward Roome
C. A. Novis
1
GAS RANGES
Co.
Af RELIABLE V I
Jl ma
j SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JULY 2G, 1917.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
(By Review Leasea Wire)
NEW YORK, July 23. The slock
market was left largely to its own de
vices today except at rare intervals,
when traders saw fit to indulge In
further selling on short covering, the
latter movement prevailing at the end.
Dealings were the lightest of any time
since the period of irregularity began,
sales barely amounting to 365,000
shares.
United States Steel repeated its
familiar role of market leader, moving
between 1197s and 121H. closing at a
net gain of point.
Rallies of the last hour, with gains
of one to three points in minor spec
ialties, including sugars, were accom
panied by a more favorable weather
report In leading agricultural centers
and the awarding of several large
government contracts for industrial
supplies.
Distinct heaviness was shown by a
wide variety of bonds, rails and indus
trials as well as the international is
sues, recessions extending from to
1 per cent. Liberty 3V4's held at 99.45
to 99.49. Total sales, (pnr value,) ag
gregated $3,225,000.
United States bonds, old issues,
were unchanged on call, but the cou
pons 4's rose 4 and registered 4'a
per cent on sales.
CHICAGO GRAINS.
CHICAGO, July 25. Prospects of
liberal imports of corn to the United
States from Venezuela gave consider
able impetus today to the downward
swing of the corn market. Despite
something of a reaction prices closed
to 1 cents net lower, with Septem
ber 1.53 and Devember 1.14'i' toll4.
Wheat finished six to 13 cents down
and oats 14 off to V advance. Pro
visions gained 25 to 32 cents.
It was the first time in history that
corn prices had ever been affected
by conditions in Venezuela.
Reports that rains' were needed on
both sides of the Canadian border
gave an advantage to the bears in
wheat. Besides cutting of spring
wheat was said to have begun already
in South Dakota.
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 25. Lead firm;
spot 104(3. Spelter easy; spot
East St. Louis delivery 84 V. Cop
per quiet; electrolytic spot and nearby
26.50 2700. August and later deliver
ies 23 26.
Bar silver 7S.
NEW YORK. July 23. The bulk of
the dealings were of a professional
character and the efforts of this ele
ment had much to do with the irreg
ularity and rather indifferent tendency
displayed. The news of the day aside
from that of the Russian situation car
ried little or no significance and the
attitude of substantial Interests in re
spect to making new market commit
ments seems to continue on of indici
sion. The attitude no doubt fostered
by the uncertainty of the federal gov
ernment regulation of the important
commodity prices and the tax program.
These two latter influences are much
discussed but as yet there is no ink
ling of what price fixing measures will
be resorted to although the estimates
now being circulated of tremendous
government expenditures led many to
believe that the burden of corporate
income will probably increase? It is
rather evident however that the liqui
dation movement in the security mar
kets which has been in progress for
the past two months, seems to have
spent a good part of its force and
while the news of the day Is not very
encouraging to the inauguration of
bullish tactics, still the occasion of
any constructive development may be
followed by a probable sharp rally.
LOGAN & BRYAN.
Closing Quotations, July 25, 1917.
(By I. J. Overlock.)
NEW YORK. x
Anaconda 75
American Car 75
American Can 48
American Locomotive 71
American Smelter 101
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
and
JACK BUILDING
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
Jerome
Oefme
Stocks
LEASED WIRE
American Sugar ... 120
Atchison 100
B. & O ..... 69
Baldwin ..i... 71
C. & O 60
C. F. & 1 48
Canadian Pacific 159
Central Leather 86
Crucible Steel ...... 80
Distillers 26
Ere 24 Ti
Goodrich Rubber 60
General Motors 113
Industrial Alcohol 160
Mercantile Marine 28
Mercantile Marine Pfd S8V4
Maxwell 32 V4
Mexican Petroleum 94 '4
Midvale Steel ... 58
New York Central 88Vfc
Northern Pacific 100H
Reading 93'4
Rep. Steel $0
United States Rubber 60
Studebaker 548
United States Steel ... 1 121
United States Steel Pfd... ... 117
St. Paul 69
Southern Pacific 93 V6
Sinclair 44
Union Pacific 135
United Fruit
Unied States Metals 56
BOSTON.
Adventure . .' 2
Allouez 61
Alaska 5
Az. Coml 12
American Zinc 24
Butte Cuperior ... - 36
Calumet and Arizona 77
Calumet and Hecla 533
Chief Range 56
Chino i ... 53
Easte Butte 10
Granby 76
G. Can : 40
Goldfield 50
Hancock 14
Indiana 2
Inspiration 64
Kennecott 42
Keweenaw 2
Lake 11
LaSalle 3
Miami 40
Mohawk 80
Mayflower ... vr 2
Nevada 21
North Butte 17
Nipissing 7
Old Dominion 55
Osceola 83
Pond Creek 25
Quincy 84
Ray Con 26
Shattuck 23
Shannon 7
Superior Boston 4
St. Marys 76
Utah Copper 103
Utah Con 15 .
Winona 3
CURBS.
Arkansas and Arizona
Austin Amazon
Big Jim
10
70
Big Ledge 1
Butte and London 14
Bisbee Copper J
Calumet and Jerome 1
Cornelia 17
Denn 18
Dundee
Emma
Fed Oil 4
Fortuna 8
Gadsden 2
Grand Island 20
Green Monster
Hull 33
Howe Sound 5
Hecla 8
Inspiration Needles
Jerome Verde 1
Jerome Victor
Magma Copper . 52
Magma Chief 41
Miami Con 7
Magnate
Pitta Jerome
Ray Here 3
Santa Rita
Tom Reed t
78
United Eastern ... 417
Verde Extension 36
Verde Combination
West End 68
Walvarine Arizona 1
White Caps 1
Curtiss 45
Wright Martin 13
DENVER RAILROAD MEN
MUST WORK OR BE FIRED.
(By Review Leased Wire).
DENVER, July 25. Officials of the
Colorado and Southern Railway, whose
i shopmen are on strike, announced to
day that men" would be given until
I Friday to return to work. Those who
. have not reported by that time, it
! was announced, will be dropped from
! the rolls and will have to file appli
' cations as new men. The strikers as
sert that 400 shopmen are out, but
, company officials say only 150 men are
Involved in the strike. The men are
seeking abolition of the piece work
i system and introduction of the eight
hour day.
MILITARY GOVERNOR OF
PETROGRAD RESIGNS
PETROGRAD, July 25. General rj
lovtseff, military governor of Petro
grad, who recently was severely at
, tacked 'by Minister of War Kerensky
' for failing to put down rioting in ta
j capital,-has resigned. General Erdel
! 11, commander of the eleventh army,
1 has been appointed his successor.
AND THIS WAS ONCE
& ti :r-Y v . ...
r .... . !- . ? , . ... c ! I
i nH- .' . ; v. : : - ' : P: -' ' " "'!.
m ' -
British convoy passing over road that was once a village street in France.
& It is hard to picture a pretty, quaint, prosperous French village in this shell-torn, battered, desolate coun
try. The once shaded street has left a long row of fine hulks of great trees. In place of the homes are shell
holes and debris. The thousands of homeless caused by such destruction as this can be imagined.
Tl
1:
UNDER WAV BY
T
(By Review Leased Wire).
AMERICAN TRAINING CAMP IN'
FRANCE, July 25. There was great-;
er activity in the large camp today
than at any time since the American
troops reached France, actual inten-
sive work having been begun. There
Is no disposition on the part of the
American commanders to belittle the ,
amount of work necessary to bring j
their men up to the highest European
standards, but the spirit with which 1
the troopB have undertaken this work
has encouraged the highest hopes of -early
efficiency. '
Trenches were being dug today in
the way of practice with an enthusi- i
asm almost equal to that with which '
the soldiers dig themselves In under j
actual artillery fire. These trenches j
were of full depth and were duplicates :
of certain sections of the front line, !
consisting of front, or fire trenches, i
support trenches and reserve trenches, !
with Intricate communicating trenches '
cannecting them. The Americans were
digging today just is if they hoped ,
soon to be fighting. j
Yesterday the marines got under j
way with their digging and they were ;
wiring themselves in, today bdhlnd .
great barriers of barbed metal entant;- j
lements for in every way the intensive j
training is intended to approximate op-:
erations under actual war conditions. !
Both offensive and defensive tactics '
will be employed by some lively sham
battles with grenades, bayonets and
trench motars will soon take place. AI-'
ready dummies have been constructed j
for bayonet practice and the men are
5 MEN KILLED
BY EXPLOSION
OF SUBMARINE
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, July 25. An explo
sion yesterday on the submarine A-7
at Cavit, Philippine Islands, killed five
men and injured three of the officers
and crew.
The explosion, from a preliminary
examination, appeared to be due to
the ignition of gas whin the ship.
The cause of the ignition of .the fumes
has not been reported.
The dead:
lieutenant Arnold Marcus. Mill Val
ley, Calif.; Machinist's Mate Harold
H. Lang, Worcester, Mass.; Gunner's
Mate G. Hopewell, Brushby Knobu
Chief Electrician, Jesse M. Currie,
Richmond. Va.; Machinst's Mate Jo
seph A. KKunze, Caonier, Texas.
Injured:
Chief Electrician Theodore Schabe
lin. Greenwood. Mo.; Airman Arthur
Jacobs; Machinist's Mate J. P. Hixon.
Hixor.'s injuries are slight. Tha
others seriously burned.
SCORES INJURED IN RACE
RIOTS IN PENNSYLVANIA
CHESTER, Pa.. July 25. Three men
were shot, scores beaten and 45 arrest
ed in a series tf race riots adjacent
to the negro district hree tonight.
About a dozen rioters had to be tak
en to the hospital.
The riots were the outgrowth of
hearings here yesterday of lour neg
roes, who were held without bail on
the charge of stabbing to death a
white youth.
FIGHTING
RAINING
A ! A : ' Y . I H OS I E R O US.
j 'NA
PRACTI
I
'Ml
FRENCH WAR FRONT
being taught the six most vital points
for attacks.
The Americans are highly amused
with the stories of how the French
decorate and paint dummies to look
like the German emperor, von Hln
denburg and other enemy notables and
each company is searching its ranks
for embryo articles in that line.
Practice in trench fighting will not
wholly replace the rout marches or
hikes, for the hardening' process must
continue all the time. Already the
mens' packs weigh In the neighborhood
of 50 pounds, but when finally they
are equipped for the trenches, with
steel helmets and an extra k,it, these
packs may weight' eighty pounds or
equal to that carried by the British
troops.
The men must be fit to bear this
burden without undue fatigue.
The weather is warm just now, but
the nights are deliciously cool and re
freshing. Every one is being made
to do as much training as possible dur
ing the cooler hours of the' early
morning.
The American soldiers are calling
attention to the lack of reading mat
ter and it has been suggested that
some such arrangement might be
made in the United States as in Eng
land where every discarded magazine
or periodical can be address to some)
man at the front, the government for
warding it promptly through the reg
ular channel of distribution.
The men are looking forward to the
establishment of Y. M. C. A. huts at
the camps and efforts are being made
to hurry coistruction of these.
NEWSPAPERMAN SEEKS
TO RELIEVE SONS
OF TEUTONIC NAMES
George W. Ochs, Former Pub-'
lisher of Philadelphia Pub-:
lie Ledger, Asks Court to'
Change His Appellation. !
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PHILADELPHIA, Ju.ly 25. Desir
ing to relieve his sons of a Teutonic
appellation which he believed will
"arouse hostility and prove an un
necessary burden in their future social,
commercial and professional rea
tlons," eGorge W. Ochs, former pub
lisher of the Philadelphia Public
Ledger, today petitioned the courts
to change his name to George W. Ochs 1
Oaks.
The name "Ochs." says the "petv
tion." is purely Germanic in origin !
and spelling.
"Y)ur petitioner believes that by!
reason of the atrocities and crimes of
the German armies, the impenitence;
of the German nation for the suhmar-j
Ine iniquities, a German name, fory
many years to come, will be obnox-j
ious In this country."
Mr. Ochs is natlve-hnrn Amorlram
of parents who came to this country!
when minors.
LIBERTY BOND FOR FIRST
AVIATOR TO BOMBARD BERLIN
NEW YORK. July 25. A $1,000 Lib
erty bond was offered as a prize to
day to the first American aviator to
bombard Berlin from the air. as Ger
man airmen have been bombarding
I.ondon, by Signiond Saxe, of this city.
The offer was made In a letter sent to
the Aero Club of America.
NOW
TROOPS
BEAUTIFUL VILLAGE
RUSSIAN ARMIES IN
HOPELESS RETREAT
(Continued From Pace One)
Tarnopol Evacuated
PETROGRAD, July 25. The Rus
sian guards corps, defending Tarnopol,
retreated, unpressed by the enemy,
says the official statement tonight,
but the Probrajensky and Sem'j.szky
regiments remained faithful and are
fighting southeast of Tarnopol.
In the streets of Stanislau there
were stubborn bayonet engagements.
The populace threw grenades on the
retiring Russian troops.
The statement reads:
"In the direction of Volna, in the
region north taf Krevo, our detach
ments occupying a portion of the en
emy trenches east of Milaloze, retired
to their former trenches owing to the
enemy's powerful artillery fire.
"The guards corps, with the excep
tion of the Petibvsky brigade, defend
ing Tarnopol, voluntarilyand without
pressure from the' enemy left its pt
sition and retired eastward, the Pet
rovsky brigade, comprising the Probra
jensky and Semoszky (Semenvosky)
regiments, remaining faithful to duty
and fighting southeast tf Tarnopol."
BERLIN, July. 25. The German
official statement' concerning opera
tions on the eastern front says:
"Army group of General Boehm-Er-l
molli: Our advance continues unin
terruptedly. "Front of Arch Duke Joseph: The
Iro'ops of the northern wing are mov
ing in alignment with the foices ad-j
vancing the Carpathian lrlls. South
of Tartar Pass the enemy still holds
his positions.
"In the southern part of the Car-:
pathians the enemy penetrated our1
lines in the Suchitza v.i'Iev. His rap-
Idly developed thrust was brought to!
a stop by us in the prat?jlinj position
situated immediately to tlie west."
LEADVJLLE OPERATORS
A8IDEBY DECISION
(Continued From Page One)
regarding wages and this proposal had
been acted upon by the union.
Pumps Still Working.
Efforts to have a meeting between
the miners and the) operators held
here in which the union question
would not be injected, were made here
today but nothing definite done re
garding such a meeting to consider
the differences between the mines and
managers. The pumps continue to be
manned by volunteers.
Operators here Insisted tonight that
there was no Idea of arbitration or rec
ognition in any way of the unions,
either locally or nationally.
One of the officers of the operators
association said toniiht:
"We will accept the findings of this
investigation committee and will abide
by these findings or close down if we
find we cannot operate. This action
was not taken because of any action
of the miners' union and it was not an
arbitration proposal The governor
innde a patriotic appeal to the opera
tors to produce metals for the federal
government and this appeal has been
heard and answered in spite of any
thing the unions have dune or may
do. It is, in no sense, a recognition of
the unions."
GENERAL PABLO GONZALEZ
MAY VISIT THIS COUNTRY.
MEXICO CITY, Jul 25. General
Pablo Gonzalez, commander of the
division of the east, has been granted
two months leave of absence and will
go to his home in the northern part
of the republic and probably also will
visit the United States.
RUSSIA'S GREATEST NEED NOW
IS EQUIPMENT FOR RAILROADS
Vladivostok, Russia's great Pacific
seaport, is literally swamped with
freight. The cargo congestion there
is now one of the greatest, the woHd
has ever seen, with the streets piled
high with goods, declares Bertin Ho
nig, a representative of Howes Bros,
company of Boston, who has been in
the orient for a year, to the Honolulu
Star-Bulletin.
Honig has been making trips to the
orient for the past 19 years, but never
has he seen such commercial activity
as there is now nor such a good op
portuntiy for American capital, prop
erly applied, he says. What Russia
needs more than anything else right
now, Konig says, is American freight
cars. Forty thousand now due will re
uire 18 months to clean up the accum
ulated shipments in Vladivostok to
Petrograd and Moscow, to say nothing
of what will gather in the meantime.
To get into a hotel in the Russian
port one is obliged to wend his way
through alleys of drygoo4 boxes.;
sacks of material, piles of hastily
dumped cargo and whatnot. The!
warehouses were overflowing long ago,
and the streets are nearly full now. '
When the Russian government first;
entered the war it made enormous
contracts with the United States and
Japan which are rapidly being filled
and delivered at Vladivostok. They,
go no further. The trans-Siberia rail-,
way is inadeuate to handle the vast I
tonnage. j
To give some idea of what is in.
Vladivostok, Honig enumerates:" In;
winner
TO THE EAST
Daily to September 30th.
ber 31st
TO CALIFORNIA
Daily to September 30tL
vember 30th.
"THE LODGE" CLOUDCROFT
Open Now. Special round trip fares on sale daily
to September 15th. Final return limit Sept 30th.
Low round trip fares will be in effect providing
liberal stopovers Diverse Routes.
Ask your agent for full particlars. He will glad
ly help you plan your .trip and make your Pullman
reservations.
Or Address.
GARNETT KING,
General Pass. Agent, 1 Paso, Texts.
f REWARD
The undersigned hereby offers a
REWARD OF $50.00
4
for evidence leading to the arrest
and conviction of any person committing an assault or
battery upon the person of any employe of the under
signed, where such assault or battery is committed be
cause of such employe's continuing his employment, or
by reason of the present strike in the Warren District
PHELPS DODGE CORPORATION.
By G. H. DOWELL, Manager.
To the Public
The Citizens Protective League offers its
moral and financial support to the boarding
houses and restaurants in the Warren District
that are providing lunches for the miners
working, or who are willing to work, at the
present time or in the future.
CITIZENS' PROTECTIVE LEAGUE.
Communicate immediately with tele,
phone 153, in case of threats or intimidation.
CITIZENS PROTECTIVE LEAGUE.
the first place there are about 350.
000 surplus tons of cargo, including
4.000 autos. 8.000.00 pounds of sole
leather, 1,000,000 iron wheels for har
vesting machines, 7.000 Immense
pieecs of machinery, 2,000,000 pounds
of coffee and as much tea, all bought
and paid for but stranded.
Five hundred engineers, many of
whom passed through here recently,
have gone to Russia from the United
States to tear open the congestion if
possible. Although the Russian offi
cials cannot get the supplies, they are
ordering more. They purchased 400,
000 sides sole leather for their sol
diers from the firm which Honig rep
resents and just recently placed an
order for 750.000 sides, which repre
sents in hides. 350.000 animals. Ho
nig says this is a good indication the
war is to go oi.
Honig says the all-Pullman Japa
nese railway from Dalny to Chans;
Chun in South Manchuria is as fine an
any in the United States and that the
Japanese are becoming tremendously
wealthy on the war trade.
Our Want Adds Bring Result!
LADIES CAN WEAR SHOES.
One (i smaller after osing Allen' toot Tun,
the antiseptic powder for the feet. Sbakea bK
the shnra and prinkled In the foot-bath, Aneal
Foot Earn makr tight or at-w ahors feel ear; ;
Svea Instant nHitf to corns and Dnniona, prevwata
i-ters, C'alloa and Sure Mpota. Ue grcannt
comfort dcoverjr ot the at-a Try it f-dn.
8oll everywhere. Or. For FKEE trial pacmagn,
Addresa, AHra 8. Oiwated, Le Kij, N V.
Final return limit Octob-
Final return limit No-
1
7 ;.3
. i
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JULY 26, 1917.
SEVEN
i f
)
.3
J 3
J
1
-t
I
I
-:1
0
' is.
4
'i
- a
'4
i
.V
4
,'
e
-2
-3
3 -
11
Review Want Ads
Advertisement! under this iea at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
asae wttfc a pit"lmnm charge of 25 cents. Adrertise-ienu must reach Thi
tview office not later than S p. au for Insertion in the next mornlnK paper
Wanted
WANTED Experienced stenograph
er. Address typewritten application
to P. O. Box 1173, giving full details
of yourself and your experience. 38
WANTED A cheap sewing machine;
state price in answer. J. S., Review.
979
WANTED To buy second hand Ford;
must be cheap for cash; good condi
tion. Box 992. Warren. 98-
WANTED Woman to work for own
and husband's board; no children.
Inquire Tent Lunch Counter, Lowell.
985
PARTNER WANTED Best location,
long lease; also rooming house. See
bold, Gen. Del. 98C
WANTED Position by practical
nurse. Phone Blue 834. 739
WANTED Few more boarders at 56
Upper LowelL 740
WANTED Gas plate; also furniture.
Box 1397. 974
WANTED Telegraphers, stenograph
ers, bookkeepers; students earn
board, room tuition. Mackay Busi
ness College, Los Angeles. 789
THE Government needs Farmers as
well as Fighters. Two million three
hundred thousand acres of Oregon &
California Railroad Co. Grant Lands.
Title revesting in United States. To
be opened for homesteads and sale.
Containing some of best land left in
United States. Large Copyrighted
Hap, Bhowing land by sections and
description of solL climate, rainfall,
elevations, temperature, etc., post
paid One Dollar. Grant Lands Lo
cating Co, Portland, Oregon. 507
WANT TO RENT Unfurnished
house, four to six rooms; Quality
Hill or near to Loretto school. See
J. M. McFarland, Review office, after
7p.m. dh
WANTED Bellboy wanted at Copper
Queen hoteL ...... , - 911
For Sale
FOR SALE 3-rOom house and bath
Laundry Hill. Nice yard, fenced;
price 11050; $500 cash, balance
monthly payments. Apply to M. C.
High. 946
FOR SALE 5-room house; complete
ly furnished; house in good condi
tion: yard fenced, shade trees; price
$1200; $500 down, balance like rent
Apply to M. C. High. 946
FOR SALE 3-room furnished house.
67B Youngblood Hill. 963(
FOR SALE Furniture of a 7-room
bouse. Old Mike Hannon House, Up
per Lowell, Bisbee, Ariz. 984
FOR SALE 4-room furnished, house.
234 School Hill. 11
FOR SALE! 4-room furnished house.
216A Opera Drive. 10
FOR SALE 60 pigeons. No. 5 Mon
tana St, Johnson Addition. 12
FOR SALE Electric motor, 1 horse
power 1800 R. P. M 110 V.. 2 phase
with sliding base and switch. Box
601. Bisbee. 835
FOR SALE At a bargain; . 4-room
nicely furnished house; terms. 196
NacO Road. 837
FOR SALE Jipson blockhouse and
store room in same; good location.
Black Knob View, Warren. Geo. N.
Kasum, 996 Warren, Ariz. 801
M. C. HIGH
ALLEN BLOCK
Real Estate and Insurance
Now is the time to buy
See me for Bargains.
Agent for reliable Insur
ance Companies.
List your property with me.
PETEY DINK It Must Be T
For Sale.
FOR SALE Cheep; small restaurant.
good location; also heavy auto for
truck. Inquire Park Cafe. 43
FOR SALE 3-iOora house and screen
porch; comfortably furnished;
cheap. Apply Wm. W. Cartney,
Laundry IlilL 41
FOR SALE: Nice bouse.
O. K. St.
Call at 63a
21
FOR SALE OR
acre farm near
Phone Red 316.
EXCHANGE 160
El Paso, Texas.
20
FOR SALE Dining room and kitch
en outfit or will rent to right party.
Apply American Grocery Store, Low
ell. 19
FOR SALE 1000 shares Santa Cruz
Bisbee. P. O. Box 1969. 817
FOR SALE 2 horses, wagon, cart
and harness. Phone 66. Treu's
Feat Market 737
FOR SALE 1917 Maxwell, 2000
miles; bargain, and guaranteed per
fect condition; latest niOdel. P. W.,
Review. 929
FOR SALE Cattle ranch. Sulphur
Springs valley, 1200 to 2000 acres,
abundance of water 20 to 40 feet;
lots of grass and fine pumping or ir
rigation proposition; a rare chance.
P. W, Review. 930
FOR SALE Twenty head of cattle
and ten or twelve calves. Write M.
D, Review. 231
FOR" S ALE 1916 model Mitchell Six ,
7-passenger, first class condition; no
reasonable offer refused; miy Je
seen at Long Trail Garage, John Aon
Addition. I j 637
FOR SALE 1916 model Mitchell six.
7-passenger; first class 'condition;
no reasonable offer refused; niaybc
seen at Long Trait Garage, John
son Addition. 790
FURNITURE FOR SALE The John
son Addition Furniture Co. waau
to pay you the highest cash price
for your second Land furniture. AJ
so wants to trade or exchange yoi
new furniture for your old. We wil
sell you furniture cheaper thai
anybody on easy payments. Ca.
in at the big brick building at Lh
Johnson Addition and let ns shov
yon our large and selected stock oi
house furnianiiigs, or phone as k
oar store. Phone 386, Johnson Ad
dition.
FOR SALE Household furniture back
of Mason dining parlors, Lowell.
Jack Supancich. 866
FOR SALE Furniture of 4-room house
and house for rent No. 2 Laundry
Hill. 867
FOR SALE 3-room house, partly fur
nished; in good shape; Jiggerville;
price $500; $150 down, balance like
rent Apply to M. C. High. 945
BABY BED and electric sewing ma
chine for sale cheap. S. C. Massey,
Jr., Smith House, No. 5 Quality Hil'.
962
FOR SALE 1000 shares otSanta CTh :
Bisbee at 15c share. Box 2143, "Bis
bee. 964
FOR SALE Ford 5-passenger touring
car; self starter, electric lights,
shock absbrbers; price $350. Ca'.l
801-F-ll. In Al condition. 977
FOR SALE $350 for house and fur
niture. 241 High Road. 965
To Exchange
WILL TRADE good mining- stock for
good residence property. See S. T.
Kirby, 200 Tombstone Canyon, at
Metz car stop. Is
FOR EXCHANGE 2 clear, slgnny
lots in San Diego for property in
Warren district. P. O. Box 146!i,
Bisbee. 921
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
DRESSMAKING Fashionable dresr.
maker. Room 14, Hughes House.
920
here Are Two of Them
-THeeei'A SPY W) .X'' ,CMfT OVECCO I
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT 1 furnished lOom; rea
sonable to the right party. R. G.,
Review. 15
FOR RENT Large front room suit
able for married couple; single or
double for gentlemen. Brick build
ing opposite Warren building. War
ren. 16
FOR RENT Nicely furnished apart
ments; 2 rooms and hall. Higgins
Hill. No children. LOx 2141, Bis
bee. 22
FOR RENT Furnished room for gen
tlemen above Independent Fuel Of
fice. Main St. 37
NICE, CLEAN, cool rooms for rent
at The Ozark Boarding House, op
posite Henderson's Lumber Yard. 71
Brewery Gulch. Bert Clement
Prop. 25
FOR RENT 1 3-room furnished apart
ment Hays House, Tombstone Can
yon. . " . 3
FOR RENT Light housekeeping
rooms; light' and water furnished.
163 Opera Drive. 4
FOR RENT Furnished rooms. J. C.
McCunniff. Jones Hill.
FOR RENT 2 furnished rooms; rea
sonable. Over Mason Market. 14
PARK HOTEL Above City park on
Opera Drive; rooms new, comfort
able, quiet and reasonable by days,
weeks or months. 13
ROOMS FOR RENT Clean, coOl.
quiet rooms, centrally located; oppo
site City park; for working people
only. Arizona House, Brewery
Gulch, above Los Angeles Grocery.
Ellen Cumbach, Prop. 795
GOLDEN HOTEL Outside windows
and running water in all rooms.
Rates reasonable, by the day, week
Or month. 58S
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished rooms
$2.00 per week and up. 405
FOR RENT COol rooms, furnished
for sleeping, batching or housekeep
ing. Custom House. 761
FOR RENT 2 furnished rooms for
housekeeping or batching. John
Ceron, Warren. 8bu
FOR RENT Clean, cool room back of
the high school. Allan, Cunard Flats.
922
FOR RENT 4 furnished lOoms. 5S
Upper Lowell. 741
FOR RENT Nicely furnished fiOnt
room with or without board in War
ren. Thone Red 316. 361
FOR RENT 1 nicely furnished front
room, suitable for 2 gentlemen or
- married couple; 1 minutes from
poslOffice. Rear Angius Grocer).
Bisbee. C. M. Buck. . 970
For Rent
FOR RENT 3 rooms, unfurnished.
Warren, Hazard St. R. H. Wyper.
23
FOR RENT Fully equipped boardin.?
house; South Bisbee. G. C. Stan:-
bach, LOwell Jewelry Store. Phone 1
462. 2 !
FOR RENT New State Bar buildin
in Johnson Addition. Inquire f
Johnny McOre. 93
FOR RENT 3-iOom house with screen
porch. Opera Drive. John Woh'.
chlegel. 5
LIST YOUR PROPERTY with me; de
mand is greater than supply; fur
nished and unfurnished houscu,
rooms and apartments. G. C. Stam
bach, Lowell Jewelry Store. Phor.e
462. 973
FOR RENT 3 completely furnished
housekeeping rooms; no children.
"Call at School Hill Grocery or phor.e
825. 738
FOR RENT 2-room house with
sleeping porch. Winwood Addition.
Mrs. Winwood. 78 "i
FOR RENT
Phone 169.
Garage, Bakervillr:.
762
Miscellaneous
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for all
Undu of work in our line. Pat Clea
ry, manager. Box li5.
Sarah Bernhardt pho.Ofrraphed dur
ing her Brooklyn speech.
i
Fifty thousand people sent up a
rousing, cheer when Sarah l;.-.n-htrdt,
the world's greatest actress,
in an impassioned speech at Brook
lyn. New York, raised her hand to
ward Old Glory and cried, "Loner live
Amorica!" She Wien ' vc;;ent:;l the
ptsture . and ral!a;l "Lrnr - ! - a
Fiance!" pointing to the tricolor.
Another cheer, equal in volume,
greeted her.
Different
The sympathetic tears we weep whe;.
suffering we see,
And how we're touched with sorrow
at another's misery!
Dishonesty or evil or Of vice the slight
est trace,
We always view with hatred and with
pain upon our face.
A lady wronged or injured or a youth
whose name is slurred,
We rage at idle gossip or at Slander's
evil word,
And though the people injured wc
have never known at all,
We sob to see their sorrows and in
sympathy we bawL
Oh, the tender moral feelings nd th
kindness here below
And our love for fellow creatures . .
at a moving picture show!
There are more ways of getting a
life sentence than one. But one ha:
always been enough.
For Rent
I
FOR RENT A C-room house on Main
road. Apply Mrs. Julia Kelly, 81
Tombstone CanOn. Across from An
derson Grocery Store. 45
Miscellaneous
$50,000 to loan on improved city prop
j erty or for building, on easy terms
I of payment. T. A. Hughes, over
i Bank or Bisbee. C9T
.'COX CO. loans $5 to $50 without se
curity to men or women in perma
nent positions. NO honest wag
earner refused, easiest weekly oi
monthly payments, cheapest rates,
also loans on furniture, pianos, etc
Confidential, quick service. See us
if you need money. New Lyric
Theatre Bldg., Room 2, Phone 794
821
THE Blackburn System is the quickest
and most thorough taught anywhere.
Including Dress-cutting, Designing.
Pattern-making and Dressmaking.
The full course will make you pro
ficient and equip you to teach these
branches. Room 4, Maze Bldg., Mis:;
Grant 921
TO
A
THAT
Often
SO many like the bluffing stunt
That often you will find
The folks who make the biggest front
Are frequently behind.
So many more important things
come up that the loud entry of the
ukulele into our best circles has al
most proved a fiasco. Nash'ivlle Ban
ner. LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior, U. S. Land
Office at Phoenix, Ariz., July 7, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Stephen
A. Gibson of Hereford, Arizona, who,
on October 22, 1912, made Homestead
Entry No. 019628, for SfcNW'i. Sec.
2; Lots 2 find 3, Section 3, Township
23 S.. Range 22 E.. G. & S. R. B. &
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make three-year proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioner, Bisbee, Arizona, on the 14th
day of August 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Robert Coughran, John C. Calhoun,
JOel H. Allen, Fredric D. Murreft, all
of Hereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First Publication July 14, 1917.
Last Publication August 14, 1917.
737
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior, U. S: Land
Office at Phoenix, Ariz., July 7, 1917.
Notice is heyreby given that Ray
mond S. Jackson of Hereford, Arizona,
who, on July 22, 1912, made Homestead
Entry NO. 018722, for SE'i. Section 11,
Township 23 S., Range 21 E., G. & S.
R. B. & Meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make five-year proof, to
establish claim to i2e land above de
scribed, before W. A. Fowler, U. S.
Commissioner, at Tombstone, Arizona.
On the 14th day of AukusL 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Floy W. Spnrow of Hereford, Ariz.
Harry S. Ross of Tombstone, Ariz.
E. A. Liehty of Garces, Ariz.
C. V. Boarduian of Garces, Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First Publication July 14, 1917.
Last Publication August 14. 1917.
738
NOTICE OF APPOINTMENT OF
ASSIGNEE
The undersigned hereby gives no
tice that be is the assignee, for the
benefit of creditors, of all the property
of Bisbee Printing company, a corpor
ation, and has duly qualified by giv
ing the bond required by law, and re
corded the deed of assignment
All persons having clajms are re
quested to file them with the attorney.,
of the assignee, Williams & Flannlgan,
in -the Allen Block, Bisbee, Arizona, o:
to direct them to Box 859, Bisbee,
Arizona, the postoCice address of this
assignee.
All persons owing moneys to said
Bisbee Printing company, a corpora
tion, are requested to pay the amounts
thereof directly to this assignee or to
leave the same at the offiec of Wil
liams & Flannigan aforesaid.
Bisbee, Arizona, July 18, 1917.
BRUCE PERLEY,
Assignee for Benefit of Creditor..
ORDER TO SHOW CAUSE WHY
ORDER OF SALE OF REAL ES
TATE SHOULD NOT BE MADE
In the Superior Court of the State o!
Arizona, in and for the County of
Cochise.
In the Matter of the Estate of Mar.
Tack, Deceased.
It appearing to the Court by the pe
tition of The Bank of Bisbee, a cor
poration, administrator of the e?
tate of Mary Tack, deceased, thl.
day presented and filed ny sail
administrator, that it is for the ad
vantage, benefit and best interest o:
said estate and those interested there
in that the following described real e;
tate be sold:
Lots Nos. 69, 70 and 71 in Block 4.
! City of Bisbee, County of Cochise.
State Of Arizona, together with th
improvements thereon.
It is therefore ordered by this Cour
that all persons interested in the es
tate of said deceased appear befort
this Court on Saturday, August IS
1917, at the nour of ten o'clock A. Y
of said day, at the Court RoOin of thi
OH HUH- SEEMS
He
ME I SEEK!
CUV IKxE
i
!
i
I
S I
j r
zvs JBLAcwi Soft
AROUUO
T1 I HAT LOOI
77 Some
... Lodge
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
leets every Friday night Moose HalL
Isiting brothers cordially invited.
V. R. TONKIN, Dictator.
KAY ROSS. Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medigovicb
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month.
Visiting brothers wet-
Auf coma.
M. C BENTON, Councillor.
J. L. BENTON, Recording Secretary
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
U O. L. NO. 210.
Meets in L O.
O. F. HalL sec
ond and fourth
SATURDAY
at 7:30 p. m
Visiting broth
ers cordially
Invited to at
tend.
CKO. SLEEMAN, W. M.
j ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
I P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Hal
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meett
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of eac
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS, W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box 841. Btsbe
I MRS JESSE BEVAN. See'y. P. O. Bm
;2299. Chairman Relief Com. Phone 16L
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES,
j Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E., meci
I fir3t and third MONDAVS. 8. p. m
j clagies HalL Visitors cordially we
come.
i RICHARD DAVIS. President
! M. D. COHEN. Aerie Physlciai.
WOODMEN Or THE WORLD.
I Sr Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meei every v eunesaa?
at 7:30, Brophy UalL
J. L. WINTERS. C. C.
O. a THOMAS, Clerk
au ..oodmen invited.
Court, at the Court House, in the City
of Tombstone, County of Cochise,
State of Arizona, and show cause, if
any, why an order should not be grant
ed to said administrator to sell the
above described real estate.
And it is further ordered that a copy
of thi3 order to show cause be pub
lished in the Bisbee Daily Review, a
newspaper printed in the City cf Bis
bee, County of Cochise, State of Ari
zona, for at least four successive
weeks before the time appointed here
in for the hearing of said petition to
sell the above described real estate.
Done in open Court, this 14th day
of July, 1917.
ALFRED C. LECKWOOD,
Jud:;fc.
Pub. Daily Inclusive August 14. 71S
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
(Republication.) "
Department of the Interior, U. S. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, June 30,
1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Caleb
A. Newman, of Hereford, Arizona, who.
on February 11, 1911, made Homestead
Entry No. 013306 for SE. 1-4; and on
Sept. 2, 1915, made AddL Entry No.
02S208 for SE. 1-4, SW. 1-4. No
lOr , Section 35. Township 22
S., Range 20 E., G. & S. R. B. & Mer
idian, has filed notice of intention to
make Five Year Proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee, Ar'zona, on the 7th
day of August, 1917
Claimant names as witnesses: Roy
A. Newman. James W. Haverty, Joel
P. Steele, John F. Ashworth. all Of
Garces, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN,
' Register.
First publication, July 7, 1917.
Teueve. ME
wes Gotta c-o
Sorvie.To GET
Me. I m The. "Eevc
Home. DEe usee
JiUe home DEFewsE
lEAtUE -THAMOi? I
Notices '
WEEK ENDING JULY 28, 1917
MOnday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
N. C. BLEDSOE, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. tt A. If.
A. M. COLWELL, E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. L M.
J. E. FRY. E. C.
F S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chapter
and CommaAdery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Councfl.
KNIGHT8 OF PYTHIAS.
Rath bone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
-ordlally Invited.
EARL SOBL C C
J. C. KGBAUM, EC of R. S.
t. f. a.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Odd Fel
lows' HalL Vllt-
ing members cordially Invited.
PHIL DAVIS. President
MRS. C. E. F1NOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
KA.THERINE SALHOLM. Secretary.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
R E. WARNER, Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY, Secretary.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple. No. 3 .meets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening cf each
month at Odd Fellows HalL Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
ANNA HART. M. E. C.
JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. C
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets in Medigovich Hall 2nd and
Ith Fridays of each month. 1
HATTIE A. LUKE. Guardian.
PAULINE F. BROWN. Clerk.
P. O. Box 2L
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OR SECUR
ITY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115
Meets every Thursday at Brophy
hall, 8 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID. President P. O.
Box 3483. Lowell. Arix.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary, LbwelL
E. LUNLQUIST,
Financial Secretary, P. O. Box 3246.
Lowell.
BISBEE LODGE. No. 10, I. O. O. F.
Meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows Hall.
Main street at 7:00 p. m. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone lis.
GEO. MUNSEY. N. G.
C. D. KIRBY. Secretary.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first and third
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
in Medigovich H&1L All
visiting Red Men invited
to attend.
Wm. DELB RIDGE, Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Medicine Man.
F. C. FENDERSON. C of R.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbe Camp No. 1341a.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows HalL
R. L. MOTZ. ConnL
H. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk. .
I
BISBEE CO. NO. 5, U. R. K. OF P.
Drill Practice every Thursday at
6:30 p. m. at I. O. O. F. Hall, side
arms, uniforms optional.
H. G. APFLIN. Captain.
WILLIAM DELB RIDGE, Ricbrdie.
By G A. VOIGKT
tu O
. ' SX'ZS' 1
y EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JULY 26, 1917.
SPECIAL ATTRACTION
SELZNICK
Florence Reed
in'
Even
Adapted From One of Immortal Victor Hugo's Greatest Works, in Eight Massive Reels.
No Advance in Admission Prices.
ADMISSION 10 AND 15
THE PICK OF THE WORLD IN PHOTOPLAYS
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
DOROTHY DALTON and CHAS. RAY
"BACK OF
A Thrilling. Appealing InccTriangle Play
A Film Exposure" A Triangle Comedy
Also,
ADMISSION 10
Central
THEATRE
TONIGHT ONLY
JESSE L. LASKY Presents
LOU TELLEGEN
' In
Tk Black
U
Wolf'
A Stirring Tale of Sunny Spain
With the Great Romantic Actor at
Kis Best
5 ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
The
Beautiful
The Coolest Theatre In the State.
Continuous From 1 To 10 P. M.
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
FREDERICK WARDE
WITH
JEANNE EAGELS
ix
Fires of Youth
Five-Reel Drama
BRINGING UP FATHER
Comedy
LUKE'S PREPAREDNESS
PREPARATION
(One Reel Lonesome Luke Comedy)
ADMISSION
Reserved Seats 20c
Lower Floor 10c
Balcony 5c
To All Deputies
I want to impress upon each dep
uty sheriff the absolute necessity
for extreme self-control, cool, calm
judgment and patience. Avoid all
display of weapons. Remrmber,
you are deputized for protection of
self and property and the mainten
ance of peacp. You are subject to
my call, a call which will be made
when necessary.
Let no set of yours tend to de
feat the objr-ot for which you were
ieputized, namely the preservation
of peace. 1 hold each man respon
sible for any illegal act or excess of
his authority and this applies to ev
ry mac in this district.
HARRY C. WHEELER.
Sheriff.
LYRIC
BAT
The House of Comfort
PICTURES
HERBERT BRENON'S Greatest Photoplay
Tp
e Eternal Sin
More Dramatic Than 'War Brides'
CENTS.
IN
THE MAN"
AND 15 CENTS.
Business Locals
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
Stage Line.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
daily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co., Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. 93S
(Advertisement)
LEATHER SUITCASES
and Hand Bags, $12.50 values, $7.95
Miller's Shirt and Hat Shop.
Adv. 925
Ha in coats $7.50 up at the
Store next to Bisbee Review,
Street Adv.
Office
Main
827
Mrs. Actors, Beauty Specialist and
Demonstrator. Lockie Hotel, Opera
Drive. Adv. 60
Miners coming off shift will find the
English Kitchen where they can get
light lunch. 823
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
(Allen Block)
A great big glass fresh buttermilk
It's only 5 cents. Advertisement 309
R. R. WATCH INSPECTORS
Prompt repairing, careful workman
ship, courteous treatment Lowell
Jewelry SLOp. Adv. 886
DEODO
Stops perspiration and destroys all
odors. For sale only at the Bisbee
Drug Company. Adv. 927
Seven passenger touring car leaves
Tombstone daily, npon arrival of Bis
bee stages, for Nogales, fare $5.50, 25
pound baggage limit Adv. 317
A car every hour, Bisbee to Doup
las. Good cars and careful drivers.
American Stage Line. Phone 366.
$2 Ide Shirts $1.25 at the Office
Store, Main Street next to Bisbee Re
view. Adv. 828
LEARN TO DANCE.
Private lessons daily, 1 to 5-7 to 10.
W. J. Graves Academy, Lowell (Bro
phy Hall). Phone 628. - Adv. 608
Work clothing from mining cap to
shoes at reasonable prices. The Of
fice Store, Mala Street next door to
Bisbee Review. Adv. . . 845
WARREN-BISBEE RAILWAY.
Country Club Schedule.
DAILY.
Leave Bisbee. Arrive Country Club.
8:30 A. M. 9 :00 A. M.
1:30 P.M. 2:00 P.M.
4:30 P.M. 5:00 P.M.
6:30 P.M. 7:00 P.M.
SUNDAYS.
8:30 A.M. 9:00 A.M. :
9:30 A.M. 10:00 A.M..
11:30 A.M. 12:00 M. ' ' V
1:30 P.M. 2:00 P.M. '
2:30 P.M. 3:00 P.M. '
4:30 P.M. . 5:00 P.M.
6:30 P.M. 7:00 P.M.
Warren, Arizona, June 29, 1917.
Adv. 322
$2 Straw Hats 95c at the Office
Store, next door to Bisbee Review.
Adv. 826
Flying Mcrkel an J Emblem motor
cycle agency. Phone Green 712, War
ren, Ariz. Clarence Sessions, P. O.
Box 903, Bisbee. 971
Today
SPECIAL ATTRACTION
Achievement
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
CHANGE DANCE NIGHTS
On account of park dances on Sat
urday evening, the p'jpular dances at
Graves, Dancing Academy will be held
on Tuesday and Friday evenings. If II
should rain on Saturday night arrange
ments have been made to have the C.
&. A. band to play a't our Academy
instead of the park. 980
For night lunch gO to English Kitch
en. House open all night. 824
Expert repairing on fine watches
and jewelry, diamond setting, engrav
ing and general repairing. Mintou,
the postofflce jeweler, LowelL
Advertisement 343
SHIDELER AUTO SERVICE.
For hire, five and seven-passenger
cars for 30ng and local trips; union
pirces. Call Phone 366. Ask for Shid
eler's cars. A1t ff
Miners coming off shift will find the
English Kitchen where they can get
light lunch. 823
Make your trip to Douglas a pleas
ure. Travel the Winton way. Phone
1 82. Adv. . 332
Big Reduction Sale on Men's Fur
nishings. B. F. Millard. Allen Blk.
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath, 98 Mason
Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647.
dv. 2C1
Ride on the American Stage Lina
Bisbee to Douglas. Phone 366.
Advertisement
I will not be responsible for any
bills contracted by my wife, Ernie
James. '
Adv. 592 J. H. JAMES.
Travel to Dougtac the Winton wiy
on the new stage. Cars leave Depot
Sguare on the hour. Fare $1.75. Phone
82. 332
Make your trip to Douglas a pleas
ure. Travel the Winton way. Phone
82. Adv. 332
BIG DANCE
Graves' Dancing Academy, Brophy
Hall, Lowell. Dancing parties Tues
day and Friday evenings. Admis
sion by card only. 798
For night lunch gO to English Kitch
en. House open all night 82'
WE HAVE THE LATEST.
In sheet music the New Patriotic
Songs. Also full line of records and
talking machines. Lowell Jewelry
Shop. Adv. 842
ATTENTION EAGLES
Business of utmost importance to be
transacted at a. special meeting at
Eagles' Hall, Friday, 8 p. m. Every
member who possible can attend is
requested to be there.
RICHARD DAVIS. W. P.
44
We wish to thank the friends of
Tombstone Canyon for the assistance
I and kindness rendered to Mrs. Crabt
Sunday night in the accident.
(Signed) MRS. CRABB'S CHILDREN.
MRS. R. J. COLL1COTT, sister.
40
. MASQUE BALL
At Douglas, Saturday, July 28, at
Open Air Pavilion. Generous prizes.
Gents, $1. Ladies free. 17
C. & A. BAND DANCE
Saturday night July 28. Admission
50 cents. Ladies free. The tickets
not used last Saturday will he good
for this Saturday. 42
There la more Catarrh In thin section of
he country than all otla-r discus ptit
toKcther, nnil until the last few years
Wbfl supposed to be Incurable. For a
creat many years doctor pronounced It a
local disease and prem-rilied local reme
dies, and by ronstuntly faillne to cure
with local treatment, pronounced It Incur
able. Science ban proven Catarrh to be a
constitutional disease, and therefore re
quires constitutional treatment. Hall's
Catarrh Cure, manufactured by F. J.
Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, Is the only
I'nnslitutloniil cure on the market. It Is
taken Internally. It acts directly on the
blood and mucous surfaces of the system.
I'hey offer one hundred ik liars for any
rase It fails to cure. 6enrt for circulars
and testimonials.
Address: F. J. I'HENEt it CO.. Toledo. O.
Bold by Tmrlste. "S"
Take Hall's Family i'llls lie conatlpaUoa,
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULT8
" l ru. -ir-
-
Has anyone visited youT Or
bave you entertained? If so, call
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
E ' the Society Editor, Pbone 39.
BERTRAND IN TUCSON.
N. Bertram of Bisbee is spending a
few days in Tucson, where he lias busi
ness interests.
LEFT FOR LOS ANGELES.
Leonard Warniington left last even
ing for Los Angeles where he will
spend several weeks on a vacation
trip.
LEFT FOR CHICAGO.
A. L. Engals of the Shattuck, left
yesterday morning for Chicago, where
he expects to remain for several
weeks on a visit to relatives.
LEAVE FOR COAST.
The family of Assistant Cashier
Washburn of the Bank of Bisbee left
last evening for California where they
will spend the summer months.
TO VISIT PARENTS.
Ray Ferry leaves today for Los An
geles, where he will spend a few weeks
on a visit to his parents, whom he has
not seen for a number of months.
RETURNS FROM TRIP
Claude B. Cain of the Fair Store
has returned from an extended trip
east where he purchased, the fall and
winter supply of shoes for his firm.
UP FROM CANANEA.
C E. Wisewall of the Cananea Cat
tle Company was in the city yesterday
on a short business visit. He reports
conditions at the mining camp as be
ing about the same.
UP FROM ST. DAVID.
Bishop John S. Merrill was in the
city yesterday from St. David. He
reports that the celebration there on
Tuesday was one of -the best that has
been had on the river.
IN FROM GLEESON.
Tommy Cowan was in the city yes
terday from Gleeson, where he has
been employed for the past few weeks.
He reports that camp as being quite
lively at the present time.
THROUGH WITH BOOZE.
Deputy snenrx Percy tsowden was
through Bisbee yesterday with a ma
chine loaded with thirty-one cases of
whiskey, that he was taking to Tomb
stone to be held as evidence.
GOING TO COAST..
Mr. and Mrs. John TwOmey and
family will leave .tonight for the coast,
where they will spend the next two
weeks visiting the various beach re
sorts in Southern California.
UP FROM HEREFORD.
P. J. Weisel was In the city yester
day from Hereford on a short business
trip. He reports that section as be
ing quite lively. He is employed in
the Martin store at that place.
INJURES FOOT.
W. L. Follett. night ticket clerk U
the E. P. & S. W, depot had the mis
fortune to run a nail into bis foot on
Tuesday and as a consequence he is
unable to be at bis post of duty. -
VISITED AT HEREFORD.
Isabelle Grant and Miss Annie
Cowan spent yesterday at the Cobbes
ranch on the San Pedro river in the
vicinity of Hereford. They report
having had a most enjoyable outing.
WAS IN DOUGLAS.
George E. Kellogg, Bisbee manager
for the Mountain States Telephone &
Telegraph company, was a business
visitor in Douglas yesterday; He re
turned to his home here last evening.
PHONE MAN IN TUCSON.
H. B. Nalley, one of the service men
in this locaHty for the Mountain
States Telephone & Telegraph com
pany, is a business visitor in Tucson.
Nalley makes bis headquarters in
Bisbee. '
RETURNED FROM DENVER.
E. G. Ruffner, of the Phelps-Dodge
store returned yesterday front a
month's visit to relatives In Denver.
Mrs. Ruffner did not return with bim
but will spend another month in that
locality.
TOM M'GRATH BACK.
Tom McGrath, auditor for the Shat-tuck-Arizona
company, returned yes
terday from a vacation spent in various
cities Vm the Pacific coast. He ex
presses a sincere regret that he was
not here during the "big noise."
GOES TO PHOENIX.
Leslie C. Hardy, associated w:;n the
Bisbee law firm of Ellinwood R'jss.
after spending several days in Tucson
continued to Phoenix. Hardy, while
assistant attorney general, lived in
Phoenix and has many friends there.
WANTED IN GLOBE.
John Carretto, a young automobile
driver, was arrested Tuseday night by
Deputy Sheriff Red Gannon on advice
from Globe that he was wanted there.
The telegram did not state what Cor
retto was wanted for. A deputy sher
iff from Globe arrived last evening and
will take Corretto back with him this
morning.
RAIN AT RAMSEY CANYON.
According to motorists who have
been in the Ramsey Canyon region the
rain there Monday night was extrem
ly heavy, approximating 1 inches.
Though the full was severe it has not
stopped traffic to and from the canyon.
IN FROM RANCH.
Wm. bailey, who in the early days
of Bisbee, had a small water system
in Tombstone Canyon, near the pres
ent Metz car stop, is in the city from
his ranch in the Sulphur Spring Val
ley and may locate here for a few
months.
JIMMIE HUDNELL BACK.
James Q. Hudnell, underground
traffic expert and social lion of tnc
Lowell mine force, has returned to t.
district from Oklahoma, whore he had
been visiting for the last few weeks.
Hudnell has resume ! his duties at, the
Lowell.
MARRIED TWO COUPLE.
Judge- M. C. High vesterd'ay after
noon married two couple. The first
couple was Fred W. Gardner and Jo
sephine Celia Martinez, both of whom
gave their residence as Naco. The
other couple were Mexican residents
of Bisbee.
GIVEN SIXTY DAYS.
B. F. Faust was yesterday morning
sentenced by Judge High to serve
sixty days on the county road. His at
torney, S. K. Williams, gave notice of
appeal to the superior court, and pend
ing the appeal Faust was released on
$1,000 bond.
HERE FROM SANTA RITA. ' ,
John H. Kelly is in the district, for
a few days on a visit to bis many
friends from his present home at Santa
Rita, N. M. Kelly spent a few days in
Douglas before coming up here. He
expects to return to New Mexico the
first part of next week. '
IS IN FRANCE.
W. H. Lewis, who at one time,
worked in the Holbrook shaft under
forman Walter Knowles, has written
him etating that he was in France
with the 18th infantry. He Is acting
as buglar with Company MM". The
card was posted at Paris.
IN FROM McNEAL.
T. J. Leason and family were In the
city yesterday from their home at
McXeal. Mr. Leason is one of the
proprietors of the McXeal Mercantile
Company at that place. Mr. Leason
reports that the farmers In that sec
tion have put in good crops and that
the outlook is excellent
WANTS INFORMATION.
Constable Joe Hodges of Lowell bas
received a letter from Mrs.- W. R.
Frey at Aztec, New Mexico asking for
information Regarding her brother,
Frank M. Thompson whom she has
reasons to believe is in this district
He generally works as a teamster.
She is anxious to hear from him.
WILL TAKE LITTLE MEN.
Shorter and lighter men can now
join the national guard than ever be
fore, according to word received yes
terday, at Naco. which authorizes the
enlistment in the national guard of
men of the minimum height of sixty-
one inches and of the minimum weight
of 110 pounds, if all other qualifica
tions are satisfactory.
VISITING INJURED MOTHER.
Mrs. Charles Couch and daughter of
Long Beach, California, bave arrived
in Bisbee to visit Mrs. Couch's moth
er, Mrs. William Crabb who . was
painfully injured last Sunday nigbt
when a runaway automobile ran over
her. Mrs. R. J. Collicott of Ontario,
California, a sister of Mrs. Crabb, al
so arrived yesterday and will remain
with her sister for some days.
HE FEELS BETTER.
C. S. Thompson, manager of the
Bisbee Improvement Company, is feel
ing better after a siege with his
stomach. Thompson was able to be at
his office yesterday and reported that
the B. I. company had been asked to
sell Ice in Phoenix to the melon ship
pers. The Douglas Ice Company is
now supplying the Fnoenix people
with a large amount of ice for that
purpose.
HELD AS DESERTER. .
Joseph Johnson, was brought over
from Tombstone, Tuesday by Deputy
United States Marshal James McDon
ald and will be held here for the army
officials as he admits that be is a de
serter from the 35th infantry that Is
stationed at Nogales. He was arrest
ed in Tombstone as a slacker by City
Marshal George Bravin, but after his
arrest it was discovered that be was
a deserter.
MORE BALL GAMES.
Baseball Is not a thing of the past
for the Warren. District Baseball
League, with the strike over and with
the "wobblies" absent, will resume its
season on Sunday afternoon at Warren
Park. The opening game will be play
ed between the C. & A. and th Junction-Urines
teams. The C. & A. band
will play during the contest The
game begins at 2:30 o'clock. Ladies
are admitted free of charge.
EXAMINATION SATURDAY.
The examination of applicants for
clerkship in the local postofflce will
be held at the Central School Build
ing on Saturday, July 29th, at nine
o'clock. The examination was to have
been held two weeks ago but had to
'J MM
Summer
Fresh from the frigid-cold interiorof 2 srtiJone-piccs
porcelain food comportment where food iz I v :v- c,
clean, wholesome is vhct is assured when you c w.i a
Leonard Cleanabls
One-Piecc Porcelain-lined
Rcfrigcraior
Saves ice; prevents food-spoilage; swords all t!:?
conveniences cf the litest ana beet ideas in r-U-erator
construction.
You can wash it like a clean china dfch; no lod z'Z
place for grease or germs absolute unscrat-hallj
lining. . Ask to see the new Lock, and ths improved
construction of the feed chamber. The pcrceLv I:r.:-
covers the door frame. Nothing else liis it ia the
market. Come today.
PHELPS DODGE
be postponed on account of the gov
ernment not sending sufficient blanks
for the numerous applicants. Yester
day sufficient blanks were received
from the department by Postmaster
Bailey so that the examination can be
held.
OLD TIMER DIES.
Archie Dozois, who has been a resi
dent of the Darren district for nearly
20 years, died Tuesday n;gat at hie
home In Tombstone canyon. He has
been a sufferer from dropsy for a
number of months. He leaves a wife,
adaughter, Mrs. Tonkin Williams, and
four grandchildren to mourn his loss.
The funeral services will be heiu at
the Palace Undertaking chapel at 2
o'clock this afternoon. He was a mem
ber of the Woodmen of the World
and was 61 years 'of age.
USING NEW ROAD.
The new road beyond the Old Boot-
leggers camp is now being used to a At the conference to consider the
point on the Government Draw and is 'cotton position, held at the board of
a great improvement of the road j trade late in June, the Manchester
through the Sandy Bob draw, which Guardian says, reports showed there
was badly washed by the recent rains.) was a stock of American cotton at
The county will not go to the expense! Liverpool and in the mills of 700.0OO
of fixing up the old road. It is ex-! bales, a normal consumption of 62.
pected that the new road to the gov- 000 bales weekly, a present consump
ernment draw will soon be opened up' tio nof 50,000 bales a week and a pres
the entire way. As it is now there is lent import of 21,000 bales a week,
but asbort stretch of bad road be-' The question of short time or stop
tween jiere and Tombstone. i page of machinery was gtme into very
'thoroughly but it will be left in the
TOOKJLN CELEBRATION. j hands of the newly appointed board
Joe Downs and George Roberts were t of controL
mangIJ;.'Bisbee contingent that tookj One of the most Interestrng ilwnss
in the celebration at St David on i mentioned at the conference is the sub
Tuesday. They report having had a j ject of the relation of this country to
most enjoyable time. Robert says j the United States. The Manchester
that Downs made him feel ashamed Guardian understands it is pianned to
the way that Downs put away such communicate with the British com nils
large quantities of barbequed meat 1 slon in Washington and alos with the
Downs states that the most exciting 1 Egyptian government with a view to
feature of the celebration was that of . induce the ttotton markets to art in
the women hitching up a team of j some sort of conformity with the Liv-
borses to a wagon and then driving
them two hundred yards against time.
SFVFRF STORM.
Parties coming In yesterday from .
Nogales state that on Sunday night 1
the Border city was visited by one of
the most severe storms that has oc
curred there for sometime. Lightning
tore the roof off of a number of bouses
and hailstones broke the skylights and
stocks of goods were damaged by the!
falling rain. Stores were flooded and i
a vast amount of damage done. No
lives were lost although there were
a number of narrow escapes from
lightning and falling chimnriys and
roofs.
TRIED T6 ESCAPE.
Tuesday morning about 8 O'clock at
the county road camp in Government
Draw a prisoner named II. Miller, who
was under sentence to serve three ' commissioner for special duty in Alas
months with a fine of $150, attempt-! ka. Further information was that
ed to effect his escape. An automo-j Captain Connell had immediately wir
bile, which it is believed on previous jed his acceptance of the appointment
frame-up drove up near the camp lust and that he had departed for Seattle
as the men were leaving for tnelr where be will prepare for the journv
work, and after heading for Tomb-' into the mining fields of Alaska. Cap
stone a short distance, suddenly 'turn-, tain Connell has been commissioned
ed and circled bark near the camp, j to mediate labor difficulties at the
Miller made a Jump, landing In the properties of the Kennicott Mining
machine, whose driver immediately I company, operating the largest mine
shot-full speed ahead In the direction! in the world and employing in excess
of Bisbee. A shot from a guard, how-, of 5.000 workers. Difficulties hare
ever, attracted the attention of an- arisen between the men and the corn
Other gang ahead of the machine and, pany over the wage scale. When Cap-
they succeeded in stopping the driver,
capturing Miller, who will be return
ed to jail to finish out his sentence.
The driver of the machine was allow
ed to go free, the guard not knowing
what to do in his case, but he Is known
and may be taken into custody for at
tempting to aid a prisoner to escape.
Delicacl
MERCANTILE CO.
GREAT BRITAIN TAKES
STEPS TO INCREASE
COnONIMPORTATIOH
Newly Appointed Board of
Control Investigating
Means of Bringing More
Cotton Into English Ports.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
MANCHESTER. England. July 23.
Steps are being taken to increase the
importation of tTttou a far as pos
sible, according to an official announce
ment by the parliamentary secretary
of the board of trade, who recently
stated in the house of commons that
rbnnage for cotton Imports would not
be lacking.
erpool market. The paper says:
' "This is a far reaching proposal and
' ..v. mn mana At In.l.in. V n ... ..
, uac ,i v. mi en., v. juuiug ii i' . it
will be viewed In the states, where.
certainly, anytning mat pointed to a
regulatfon downward of cotton prices
would be very jealously crit:cizrd. U
seems pretty celar, however, that rt-filiations
which tended t-y keep price3
down In Liverpool while New York
ent its own way would endanger our
cotton supplies."
RECEIVES APPOINTMENT.
Once more Cochise county has been
given recognition in the filed of labor
mediation. Word bas been received
here of the appointment of Charles T.
Connell, formerly in charge of the Im
migration service in Cochise county
and stationed at Douglas, but moro
recently holding a like position in
Southern California, as mediation
tain Cornnell made bis home in Arizo
na he ranked among the best known
and best liked citizens. When be was
appointed to the more important office
on the coast there was general regret
among his host of friends at bis de
parture, but genuine satisfaction thit
his worth had been recognized.