Sunday and ilonday
genrally fair south por
tion: local shower
and thunderstorms in
north and east por
tions; not much
change In temperature.
MARKETS.
NEW YORK CITY.
Average Price of Cop
per for week ending,
June 27, 29.50
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 8, 1917.
AMD
ESCAPE
gerruuh
lj
EXPEDITION
READY FOR
WAR WORK
American Troops Will Soon
Advance to Training Camp
Behind Firing Line Drill
ing Each Day Is Severe.
fBv Review Leased Wire.)
FRENCH SEAPORT.
July 7. -The American
trooDS today entered on
FRENCH JyL Ar (J K 1 .Le ,ocal of the lnternationa, Un.
July 7. lhe American Jcm of Mine Mil, and Smeiter Work i
i 1 I . . . ., i inn'
the final steps of the mobiliza
tion that shall prepare them to
"u" -" t""t tion of joining with tne Metal Mine
leave within a few days for a Workers' Industrial Union, of the In
rwrmanent trainine camD , dustrial Workers of the World, in the
somewhere behind the firing
line. The unloading of sup-j
me. I he unloading or sup-
.!: ; lmnsf finiaKf-H ami
rolling S,ock is bring W
trated here preparatory to the ,
departure of the troops. The
days have been used profitably!
J ... r J '
I or uuuuic jjui ju3c.
The more important one was to put
the majority of the soldiers through
c i
a vigorous grind of eight full hours Internau0nal Union of Mine. Mill and
each day. French officers who had j SmeUer workers Informed union lead
seen service at the front took part in enJ nere he wouid not endorse a strike
these exercises in order to. give tne I at Jerome, and added:
benefit of their experience to the j .0ur men,berg should understand
American soldiers. The drills include tnat in following the Industrial Work
ed a daily plunge in the sea. this erg of tne world they will forfeit the
phase of the exercise being- easy by support and confidence of the Ameri
the proximity of the camp to the can iabor movement."
ocean. . Announcement that William Hay-
The other advantage taken of the
time spent here was to employ smaller i
groups o f the more seasoned troopers
tt put the final touches on the camp
so that it will be in first-class shape. :
The camp in the last few days has
been expanded enormously until to-1
day it extends for miles and can ac- j Workers to enforce demands for high
conimodate a large number of men. ' er wages and changed working con
Water has been piped from the town ditions resulted today in 50 per cent
and the system is equipped with every ,"0f the miners employed in the dis
modern device. ' trict quitting work.
The drill ground is not only ideal Some of those failing to report for
for the purpose, but has the advant-
age of being at a distance so that the
men get a daily hike of abut five
miles.
For the men arriving at this and
similar mobilization bases the Ameri
can system of living in tents or wood
en shacks will be followed but when
they arrive at a permanent camp they
will be billeted among the townspeo
ple and live in houses.
Few If any of the, soldiers know
just where they are to be sent but all
are enthusiastic over the prospect M
getting nearer the scene of action.
Their spirits are fine and their health
is of the best with the exception of a
few cases of mumps. The men have
swamped the officers of their compa-
(Continued on Page Six.)
RAY CITIZENS ESCORT
I
W.W, OUT OF DISTRICT
(By Review. Leasea Wire)
RAY, Ariz., July 7. Five I. W. W.
representatives, who arrived he're sev
eral davs apo from Miami, were given
water and food tonight and escorted
out of town five miles along the
Globe-Miami road, following a mass
meeting of citizens at the court house.
The five I. W. W. workers were held
at the court house until the proces
Fion of automobiles and pedestrians
escorted them out of town.
Everything was quiet here tonight
following the killing of Foreman L.
E. Beck, shift boss of shaft No. 2 at
fie Ray Consolidated company's mine
by a discharged Austrian employed at
this shaft. Beck's death occurred
after he was struck with a lantern and
kicked in the head last night. No
miners are out on strike and no strike
Is anticipated here.
Kingman Gets Busy
KINGMAN, July 7. Fiften alleged
organizers of the Industrial Workers!
of the World were being sought to-
night on warrants charging them with
"unlawful assemblage and attempt to
Interfere with mining operations." It
was said that they had come here
from the copper mining districts at
Globe and Bisbee, where strikes are
in progress.
STRIKE PLO
I
AT
IS FAILURE!
International Union Rejects'
Proposal to Join in Walk-j
Out by Overwhelming Vote j
Operators Are Confident, j
(By Review Leased Wire) J
ers rejected ioaay uy roie ui nu
to 194 a proposal to submit to thei
membership a strike vote on the ques-l
strike declared yesterday by the lat
ter in the Jerome copper districL
officials of the United Verde mine
renorted thev had a higher percent-
"" - 'ZS .
pressed confidence that they would
have a full force tomorrow,
. leaders were preparing to-
n eht to protect miners w.ho desired
to go on shift at midnight. -
A telegram received late today from
. I 1 A. . ' U..
c naries H. woyer. presiueni 01 mtr
wooh head of the Industrial Workers
the World, was coming from Chi-
cag0 "to help in the fight." was made
j a notice posted today by the strike
committee of the local branch of the
Metal Mine Workers' Union,
The strike called by the
duty today were said to be members
of the Jerome local of the Internation
al Union of Mine, Mill and Smelter
Workers, who were voting on the
question of submitting a strike vote to
the membership.
PLOT BARED
(By Review Leased Wire.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 7. Enemy
. . j ,
JEROME
GIGANTIC
REVOLUTION
agents were sent io umna anu
to attempt to bribe the press of those mer Governor George . P. Hunt,
nations and to procure secret treaties ; chairman, representing President i.
between the German empire and those ! son; Judge John .McBrlde represent
governmenU in aid of the Hindu t"g the federal departmen of labor,
revolutionary nlbt. in connection with ; Governor Thomas Campbell, of An-
139 indictments were returned today,
according to a statement made to-
night by John W. Preston. United
' . .
States district attorney.
Mr. Preston refused to anipiuy uus
announcement, which supplemented , , .: "
strnreTJwodVm'un - '"i
saia no a,rrests wouia oe mue "'"".... .ilh ,,, devtloDments. All '
(Continued on Page Three)
Butte Electricians
To Return to Work
(By Review Leased Wire.)
BUTTE, Mont.. July 7. After a
conference lasting five hours between
the Montana Power company, a strike
committee of thirteen members of the
Electricians' union; M. M. Donoghue.
president of the State Federation of
International Unions, and W. H. Rod
gers, federal mediator, announcement
was made late tonight by Mr. Don
oghue that a settlement of the elec
tricians' strike here had virtually
been agreed upon.
Do You Want
CC
A
o
C7A7 ll.4
ABOVE is -shown,' in fac-;
simile, the cover page of I
.i i y vrr o. , Vi L 1
me i. v . w . 'uny uuua. :
In its original the page is red
blood red and the printing ;
has been carefully left as it ;
stands on the page of the pam-;
phlet itself. . '
To the side is to be found
one of the many sons in thej
booklet. It is also in fac-;
simile and is to be found on'
pace 23 of the affair. !
CAN YOU BKUUn. am;
ORGANIZATION WHICH i
TOLERATES SUCH SENTI
MENTS IN THIS COMMUN
ITY? STRIKERS, MEDIATORS
AND OPERATORS WILL
MEET THIS MORNING
Hunt Denies He Urged With -
flrawal of 1 rOODS t.X-VjOV-
ernor's First Attempt to End
Trouble Is Failure.
(By Beview Leased Wire.)
GLOBE, July 7 Following a con-
ference between the federal and state j
mediation boards with the mine oper-j
ators today, a conference has been an
nounced fnr tomorrow at 10:30 a. m.
between this board and representa
tives of the strikers. Who will attend,
this meeting tomorrow as the repre-l
sentatives of the strikers has not been!
made known, but the same board
j which met the operators today will b?j
conl tnmnrrnw This Includes f'jr-i
i on. and Lieutenant lo.one, ueorgn
'""
; State troops nere. ,
I Th conference today, winch wasi
. - ... . rp
- -----
close touch with the developments. AH
of the big mines in the filob?-Miami :
district were represented and listened j
to a statement by Chnirman Hunt ofj
the position of the federal mediators.
But nd statement of their position
was made by the operators, w.'io were
said to have shewn a tendency to
stand pat.
Hunt Denies Report.
Former Governor Hunt denied em-
f . pre!)i(ipnt Wilson to have
-
tne l nnea Ma.es iroo,.
the Globe district, as reported
here
from Phoenix.
"I made no such request nor did
, request nor did I
thine." the federal
consHer such a
meillutor said tonicht. "Had I even
,aid tonight "Had I even
I such a th nR I certainly
considered
would have conferred with
my col
(Continued on Tage Six )
43
ISO ..
1 100 I
AtOOO 3,wi
CAPOIAOI II
This Domination In Bisbee?
CC
-VHitfn MMV:i&iM- I
M Ill- Ull II IH III II Ill- "
CHRISTIANS AT WAR.
By John F. Kendrick.
(Tune: "Onward, Christian Soldiers.")
Onwat, Christian soldiers! Duty's way is plain:
Slay your Christian neighbors, or by them be slain.
Pulpiteers are spouting effervescent swill,
God above is calling' you to rob and rape and kill,
All your acts are sanctified by the Lamb on high; '
If you love the Holy Ghost, go murder, pray and die.
Onward, Christian soldiers, rip and tear and smite!
Let the gentle Jesus, bless your dynamite.
Splinter skulls with shrapnel, fertilize the sod;
hoiks who co not spean your
Cyr, nf pvprv home, nrettv maidens seize:
Oilman tuc uuuia ui v., f - j w
Uae ycur might and sacred right to treat them as yott
p lease.
Onward, Christian soldiers! Eat and drink your fill;
Rob with bloody fingers, Christ 0. K.'s the bill
Steal the farmer's savings, take their grain and meat;
Even though the children starve, the Saviour's bums must
eat.
Burn the peasant's cottages, orphans leave bereft;
In Jehovah's holy name, wreak ruin right and left
Onward, Christian soldiers! Drench the land with gore;
mit e a wa
Bayonet the babies, jab the
-r 1 ai i A.
; J , . f c,vary to
f :l -v., flat
i rue vvui umiicvo nvotj .v.u.. -
God decrees your enemies must all go plumb to helL
Onward. Christian Soldiers! Blighting all you meet.
Trampling human freedom under pious feet
Praise the Lord whose dollar sign' dupes his favored race!
Make the foreign trash respect" your bullion brand o$
grace.
Trust in mock salvation, serve as pirates tools;
History will say of you: "That pack of G d fooU.
Senate Would Commandeer All
Booze In Bond and Put Stop
To Manufacture During War
(By Review Leased Wire.)
asiiiwtoS Julv 7 The sen-
ASHIM.TON. JUiy I. me
iw
ate went on record fJday in
vor of bone-dry national pro-
.,...!, ti, -ar no far as
i uiumuu u....r, -
"Z" "
Z L.ion was written into
. . . , ..m s f ti,
senate's bitterest Contests, which goes mio enecu stow '
would strike at consumption of dis- beverages in bond were estimated to
UIW intoxicants by commandeering night at between 1200.000.000 and
t. w,,i ,! nrohibiting their ; 300.000.000 gallons and the annual nor-
manufacture or importation. The
beer and wine industries would be
left undisturbed '
In lieu of the section of the house
km. .....hihu the manufacture of
PoodstulTs into beverages of any de
scription, the senate substituted by a
vote of 45 to 31 a provision prohibit
manllra,.t,
Ing manufacture and Importation M
distilled beverages during the war and
.. . . r....h... io... on. !
' fident to take over
" ,.,,. ' v.rnmon.
warehou'BP8 am, paw for lt on
- lur uanta l" ""
j While the Dual prohibition leglsla-
VYOUICI Ulmll uonsuriiptivii
H0VavAva
El P
tongue, ueserve iuiac v
mothers, too;
Ull. 11 .
hallw ali yOU do.
nnienn vptv wfll
tion will be evolved in conference be-
tween tne iwo nouses, u .
, , nih1 thnt the house
." ' ffoP
, . . , . . .
nBnl ,n Delmu vl lUK '"
.
"
consun.ptfcn to stocks in retai.ers.
hands or withdrawn before the law
mal consumption of 1120.000.000 gal-
ions. io purru-. '
Quantity of liqirbr or what It left or
! It after withdrawals In anticipation of
, the legislation, it is estimated that the
government would have to spend from
$300,000,000 to $1,000,000,000. The
nrobable loss in federal revenues is
mi iiin,a a rstm 'tin ! iti
'" " , , , ."1.1 " - 11 .hi !
000.000. although this as well a. the
cost o f purchase would depend en-1
! tlrely on how much liquor was with-!
1 drawn tax-paid before the cora-
mandeering.
Tne 8enate.8 ,ctlon promises indefin
(Continued on Tag Four)
F
RUNNING
E
N SR
FOLLOWS AERIAL ATTACK
Daring. Teuton Air Squadron, Piloted by Huge Plane, Flies
Low Over London, Bombs Center of City, and Then Re
treats to Base British Aviators Give Chase and Gaim
to Have Destroyed Three Machines Reprisals in Form
on Raids on German Towns May Result
By Review Leased Wire.)
LONDON, July 7. The second descent upon London by
a squadron of airplanes was made this morning between
n J in '1 1. ...U U L.om... urfmn rsf tk mptmn.
oils was most crowded. Although the German contingent
was larger, more daring, more deliberate in its movement,
and descended much lower than on the visit of June 1 3, the
number of killed and wounded was, according io the first of
ficial roll, roughly one-third the previous casualty list. The
destruction of property may have been greater but that it is
impossible to estimate.
The flight of the Germans over London lasted about 20
minutes. British airmen engaged the enemy for several min
utes over the metropolis and anti-aircraft guns were firing
briskly, dotting the sky with shrapnel puffs, but without suc
cess so far as concerned the destruction of any of the twenty
or more machines which constituted the invading force.
Hundreds of Thousands Witness Battle
(By Review Leased wire)
The admiralty was able to report to
night, however, that naval airmen who
followed them to sea brought down
j three machines. A British squad
, ron up from Dunkirk to intercept the
! returning raiders did not encounter
them because they had taken a more
northerly route but the British air
men met and destroyed seven other
German machines.
The morning was one- of haze,
weather most favorable for crossing
j the channel without being observed.
On their former visit, made in similar
weather, the Germans kept high up in
ARIZONA RED CROSS
AMBULANCE COMPANY
WILL BEJRGANIZED
Dr. Charles H. Bowker, of
This City, Selected to Or
ganize and Command Unit
for Service at French Front
Arizona Is to have the honor of or
ganizing an American Red Cross am
bulance company for service in
France.
This announcement was made last
night following a meeting at the Yt
M. C. A. between Dr. Charles H. Bow
ker, who will command the company.
Secretary A. B. Richardson of the Y.
M. C. A., and others interested in Red
Cross war work. Word was received
recently by Dr. F. E. Shine, chairman
of the National Defense League of Ari
zona, from Major C. H. Connor, direc
tor of the bureau of medical service of
the Red Cross, asking that an ambu
lance company be formed in this state
fctate for service in France as soon as
possible.
The organization and command of
the company was turned over to Dr.
Bowker. who holds a commission as
major in the United States. Medical
Reserve corps, and who has had much
experience commanding army and na
tional guard field hospital units.
Rapid Organization.
Dr. Bowker announced last night
that he would go ahead and organize
and train the company with all possl
hl sneed. About 40 men of the dis
trict who started to study field hos-1
p(ul ork undpr Dr oer several
months ago with the hope of going to
France with the proposed Roosevelt
volunteer division, will serve as the
nucleus of the ambulance company.
This company will probably be the
only distinctive Arizona force to go
to the front in a body.
The ambulance company will coa
sist of five medical officers and 117
men. Of these there will he 15 ser
geants. 20 chauffeurs. 5 mechanics. 5
buglers, 2 cooks and the balance pri
vates and privates, first class. No
special training, except In the case of
(Continued on Page Five.)
BATTLE
CHANNEL
the mists but oday when they geared
their objectives, most of them descend
ed. Their formation was like a flock
of wild geese as they approached and
neither the British pursuers nor the
guns were able to scatter them a
they spread out before letting loose
their bombs.
Thousands Watch Battle
Hundreds of thousands of people on
the roofs, from windows and gather
ed in the streets saw the remarkable
spectacle. All I-ondon heard the
noise of battle. At first there ere
a few minutes when the anti-aircraft
guns were crashing sharply and the
machine gun's were rattling aloft. Then
came three or four minutes when the
heavy explosion of bombs and the
shattering of glass was the dominant
sounds; then a few minutes when the
artillery receded into the distance.
The Germans steered a course
across London from northwest to
southeast. They dropped the last of
their supply of bomts on a section of
workmens' dwellings and crossed the
Thames. Some observers say that a
giant airplane piloted the squadron
and that the bomb carriers were In
the center, flanked by scouts for flsht
Ing oft the British airmen.
The low altitude and slow pice with
which the Germans crossed Londn
and the dare-devil way they circled
over their objectives caused great sur
prise. When first seen they were
steering a steady course from the
northwest, evidently in the act of mak
ing a long sweeping curve which
would ultimately bring their heads In
the direction of home. They complet
ed the maneuver over the Thames and
as the British machines came into the
picture the raiders quickened their
pace.
Fierce Running Fight.
A fierce running fight ensned be
tween a strong force of British ma
chines and the raiders toward the
mouth of the river. The machines
(Continued on Fage Five)
Clifton Operators
Make No Attempt
To Re-open Mines
(By Review Leased Wire.)
CLIFTON". July 7. Mine operations
in the Clifton-Morncl district are at a
standstill, with the managers of the
Shannon. Detroit and Arizona copper
companies apparently doing nothing
toward reopening the mines and smel
ters. Teace and order prevail and
both sides are anxiously awaiting the
arrival of Joseph F. Myers, conciliator
for the United States department or
labor, who was last heard from la
Houston. Texas. Before leaving for
Phoenix. President Donnelly of the
Arizona state federation of labor, said
the men on strike would accept noth
ing less than the Miami scale. Fully
six thousand men are idle in Clifton.
Morencl and Metcalf. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 8, 1917.
TWO
s
Boys' Wash Pants 75c to $1.75 ( nZZZg? irjy'
I tuk vnTHfR snpltin? summer comfort, as well as neat appearance in I " laliif GrXS 4WT0iB & ,
THE MOTHER seeking
garments for her boy. will be glad to choope from this splendid collection of Wash
Trousers, made of Cotton Crash, Linene, Wash Flannels and Palm Beach Cloth;
sizes 7 to 17 years, Knickerbocker style, with belt loops, full cut and well made,
some as low priced as 75c a pair others at $1.00 up to $1.75.
Suits, Coats, Dresses, Blouses and Millinery
At Sensational Price Reductions for a Speedy Clearaway
MONDAY SHOULD PROVE of intense interest to every woman of the Warren District through the sheer force of value
civine. Could we adequartely convey the rare unusualness of the offerings presented in this announcement make you fully
realize the importance ot the values, Were would scarcely De enougn or eacn ucm w B
ww mmr. ttrtiro r s m . i hi J g . c i- til 1 . !MiAVA.lmn fs. (Via Arnnnmv.unc I-IiinflrAfia tf crarmpntf
lMlo lLW3 r rvvjivi ine women s uarmeni section wui uc cijr uiimiu.6 j -- ---
have been assembled from our spring and summer lines of Tailored Cloth Suits, Silk Dresses, Skirts, Lingerie Frocks, Blousei
and Millinery grouped into great clearaway lots at the most sensational price reductions of the season.
Charming Lingerie Frocks at a Saving of 1-2
Pretty, Lovely Styles for Summer Wear
THIS DOESN'T MEAN a handful of Lingerie Dresses but the offer embraces a wonderful collection of Summery
Frocks that have been selling up to now for a THIRD more than Monday's prices.
WE BELIEVE women will consider this some of the best garment news that the Review has ever printed We know, it
is quite the best news we have given publicity in a long, long time.
THERE IS hardly a good fabric, a good coloring, or a popular style but what you will find In this specially priced group.
Materials include Plain and Novelty Voiles, Linen, Lawn. Batiste and Fancy Weaves and if you don't put off choosing too
long, you'll find a full range of all sizes and a danity, Summery Frock that is particularly well suited to your needs.
$12.50 DRESSES $6.25 $22.50 DRESSES .... .$11.25 f. -
$15.00 DRESSES ..... .$7.50 $25.00 DRESSES $12.50 t QSltlOtlQulG
$18.50 DRE5SL5 $9.25 $Z.5U UKfcta i?.o
$20.00 DRESSES $10.00 $32.50 DRESSES $16.25
House and Porch Dresses, $2.50
$2.50 WILL BUY SURPRISINGLY pretty and practical House and Porch Dresses
here tomorrow not only uncommonly good in materials, but styles are newer and
workmanship is better than you would ordinarily expect in garments at this low
price. Made of Galatea, Ginghams. Percales and Madrases, in plain colors, stripes,
checks and plaids. The variety of attractive and becoming styles will make choosing
easy.
A
V 9
V It
"
Is l
A? J 3
Junior Wash Skirts
Specially Priced
THE MrsS of 12 to 18 years will have a chance Mon
day to buy a smart Washable Skirt at a distinct saving,
made of Gaberdine, Pique and Polin in plain white, stripes
and sports figures in bright, brilliant colors and combina
tions. Misses' S2.0C Skirts For $1.50
Misses' $3X0 Skirts For $2.25
Missni' $3.50 Skirts For $2.65
Misses' $5.00 Skirts For ...$3.75
New Ribbon Striped
Silk Skirts $8.50
JUST RECEIVED FROM New York the season's
latest novelty in Women's Separate Skirts, made of Silk
Gros de Londres in the new "ribbon stripes" in bright,
daring colors and combinations.
BRIMFUL of sparkling, snappy style; and too pretty
?nd too extraordinary in value to last long at the low
price we have attached to them SPECIAL $8.50. If you
have a new skirt in contemplation, don't fail to see these
tomorrow.
Wool Skirts
s
Half-Price
THE STYLES are of lata spring
and early summer designing. The ma
terials include serge, poplin and nobby
plaids, checks and stripes In sports
colorings. All sizes among them.
BE AMONG the fortunate women
Monday who will choose one of these
Fashionable Separate Skirts and pay
a HALF less" than its real, true
value.
$7.50 SKIRTS FOR $3.75
$8.50. SKIRTS FOR $4.25
$10X0 SKIRTS FOR $5.00
$12.50 SKIRTS FOR $625
$13.50 6KIRTS FOR $6.75
$15.00 SKIRTS FOR $7.50
few Tf
is. :TSPI . II i
UUiW Li I,7TrT, H
1 T I TrH 1 USE
Mi
'I . J . 1 I'i
4. 4J .
Coafe Dresses
HALF-PRICE
PERHAPS YOU ARE one of the many women who
have been waiting for this opportunity to purchase a Smart
Cost, or a Charming Silk Dress at HALF-PRICE. If so, your
patience and waiting have been rewarded with a remarkable
offer of the season's smartest models, in just the styles you
will be delighted to wear. CHOOSE MONDAY AT THE
FOLLOWING REDUCTIONS.
Vi5.00 Silk Dresses and Coats $7.50
$18.50 Silk Dresses and Coats $9.25
$22.50 Silk Dresses and Coats $11.25
$25.00 Silk Dresses and Coats $12.50
527.50 Silk Dresses and Coats $13.75
29.50 Silk Dresses and Coats $14.75
$32.50 Silk Dresses and Coats. $16.25
$35.00 Silk Dresses and Coats $17.50
$2.00 Lingerie Blouses ;at $2.39
THIS SPECIALLY PRICED COLLECTION of Lingerie Blouses represents the new
and the authentic the latest and best in style, individuality,- workmanship and fabric
excellence, at a very moderate price.
MADE OF FINEST IMPORTED Voiles, Organdies and Batistes, in white only;
daintily and attractively trimmed with tiny tucks, fancy buttons; Venice or Valenciennes
Laces; other styles that are beautifully embroidered; high and low collr.rs in many
new and novel effects $2.00 values for $1.39. '
$2.50 Silk Blouses, Monday $J .98
avt v uv a prpGnVAT. 1VSPVTTIHV PAV YOIT ft A IX ft fair knowledge of the
. . . j 1 Tn.ln.. rl Arr ' Vn.. will boa at ir1anA that
reniarKaiiie value couiainu iu uu muuuaj uiuue unci. su ai -
thege Blouses possess a style quality that places them in a class standard much beyond
111T7 11. Lie: iuvc aontu.
pretty colors and combinations; mostly tailored models, with convertible collars, Jong
1 O T C DDIf C 1 QQ
Birvves Oil uij x uiv. u fi.o.
Grs' anc? Children's
Lawn Dresses, 89c
A CHARMING ARRAY of dainty summer frocks for Girls from 6
to 14 years; tastefully made of pretty lawn and batiste in new figured
and striped patterns.
HIGH-WAISTED or Empire styles with full skirts that are pleated
or gathered; models that will delight the little miss, and will please
her mother, too. Regular $1.50 values specially priced at 89c.
Children's Rompers, 49c
CHILDREN'S SUMMER ROMPERS that are already well and
favorably known to Bisbee mothers, and worth every cent of their original
price; made of excellent quality gingham and chambray in plain colors,
pink, blue and tan, also pin-stripes and fine checks.
ALL HAVE Short Slwves, some have loose bottom, others have
elastic knee, finished with piping in self, or contrasting colors, others are
braid trimmed, light, medium and dark colors; regular 65c values for 49c.
Children's and Girls'
Coats One-Half Off
Regular Prices
THIS ASSEMBLAGE of Children's and Girls' Coats Includes the
newest, best and most desirable of the spring and sumnn-r styles; and
the prices for Monday have been reduced to just ONE-HALF their orig
iual markings.
THE STYLES ARK particularly chic and attractive- yout'iful in de
sign and trimming, the smartest we have ever seen each model is a
gem of its kind. Made of Silk Poplin. Nov'Uv Checks and Plaids and
' the popular plain colors, with pretty collars and cuffs, large pockets, belts
and finished with pearl buttons all sizes for girls from 4 to 14 years.
$6.50 COATS FOR $3.25
$7.50 COATS FOR $3.75
$10.00 COATS FOR $5.00
OUR JULY
Millinery Clearance
A SPLENDID COLLECTION OF spring and summer hats that have
been segregated into two groups and repriced for a quick clear-away. AH
are of the famous "FAIR STORE" style and quality; one or two models of a
kind. You save two, three and even four times the price you spend.
IF YOU HAVE NEED FOR another Hat with which to nish the sum
mer season don't fail to take advantage of this Monday opportunity to
secure It at a fraction of its real value.
mm
led
Hats $m
Regular Values From
$5 to $7 SO
MVE SHOULD SELL every one of
these Hats before closing time Mon
day because, women will hasten to
take advantage of such radical re
ductions. Turbans, street hats and
trimmed, hats that were formerly
priced at. $5 and upwards to $7.50
' ( HOICK FOR ONLY $1.95.
Hats $4-11
Regular Values From
$80 to $15
YOU REMEMBER the beauty of
our $8.50. $10 to $15 Millinery and
how, throughout the season our cus
tomers have sent their friends to see
and buy these very artistic and at
tractive creations. And now, every
hat that was originally marked at,
$8.50 and all prices between to $15 are
on sale Monday for ONLY $4.45.
4f
I
V
HALF-PRICE T
i oo ra
$1.25 la
i A
S2-50 3T
$3.25 yf
$376 tiU
$4 J!
Si
f
Untrimmed Hat Shapes
$2.50 COATS FOR $1.25
$3.50 COATS FOR $1.75
$5.00 COATS FOR $2.50
95c
For $5.00 to
$10.00 Values
50c
For $1.95 to
$3.95 Values
Women's Wool Sweaters
At One-Half Price
SEASHORE, MOUNTAINS, or just plain rusticating; wherever
women go frir a summer's outing, it will pay you to take a wool Sweater
with you and here are the kinds adapted for any and every occasion
and they have had their prices cut in two for a speedy clean-up. They
are in plain or Sports models with large collars, cuffs, belts and novelty
pockets, in plain colors and pretty combinations.
UNTRIMMED MILLINERY Shapes in styles that are altogether out
of the ordinary, and will delight tJie woman who prizes the artistic and ex
elusive. Included are the finest Milans, Hemps, Lisere and Novelty braids,
in oddly charming shapes, in large, medium and small sizes. LOT NO. 1,
CHOICE 95c LOT NO. 2, CHOICE 50c.
$2.00 PARASOLS FOR
$2.50 PARASOLS FOR
$3.5 OPARASOLS FOR
$5.00 PARASOLS FOR
$6.50 PARASOLS FOR
$7.50 PARASOLS FOR
$8.50 PARASOLS FOR
WITH lovely summer Frocks and daintj
hats. Parasols become a necessity
Women will be glad to buy
one tomorrow at J,r
HALF PRICE. !-;Sx
50c Madras, 37c
GENUINE woven Madrasses as white as the driven
snow, with neat stripes in black, blue, lavender, gold, green
and combination effects. 3t-iuches wide, 50c quality for
37c a yard.
Novelty Voiles, 65c
EVERY woman win is planning hummer frocks, will
want at ieasl one of tiiese pretty Novelty Voiles; white
grounds wit.'i new and unusual stripes in fashionable
colors, 36 inches wide, Hoc quality for 47c a yard.
Sport Crepe, 49c
NEW SPORT CREPES, a summer weave of rare
beauty, crepe-like in effect and the colorings and desiens
are new and beautiful; In sports figures and stripes the
Ideal fabric for soft, clinging, summer frocks 36 inches
wide. 75c quality for 49c a yard. .
Lovely New Summer
Dress Cottons
At Lowered Prices
AND HOW THEY WILL SELL TOMORROW
with a liberal portion shaved from regular markings.
They're so sheer, so cool and so dainty in such ex
quisite colorings and patterns and there's such a
wouderful variety of them.
WE COULD TAKE a whole page and then not
Vgin to convey to you the beauty and charm of these
lovely summer dresse cottons that have beea lower
ed in price.
IN THIS SMALL SPACE we can but hint at
their newness we're going to leave it to th ma
terials themselves to tell their own story of style,
qi'Hlity and low price And urge you to pay tba
VSash Goods Section a visit tomorrow.
Vertaine Voiles
39c Quality, Yard
27c
SOMETHING decidedly new and out of the
ordinary for dressy. Summer Frocks and Blouses. In
ground colors of pink, sky and Delft blue. gold. rose,
green, tan and white, splashed with sports figures in
bright, vivid, barbaric colorings in rings, dots, squares
stripes and floral designs.
VERLAINK VOILES are highly merceriied and
will retain their beautiful 8nish through repeated
washings; 40 inches wide, worth regularly 3c a yard.
Sale price 27c.
Dorinda Batiste
Beauty Voiles
15c
THE WOMAN who delights In an ample sup
ply of Summer Frocks, but feels that she must count
tiie cost, cannot afford to miss this unusual offer.
HERE ARE TWO inexpensive fabrics that haxe
been humbled In price. DORINDA BATISTE and
BEAUTY VOILES in white and tinted grounds with
lloral and figure designs; both are 27 inches wide.
20c qualities for 15c a yard.
Sports Gaberdine
75c Quality, Yard
49c
THE WORD "SPORTS" when used in connec
tion with Summer Dress Cottons. Is synonymous
with light weight and artistic weaves, oddly dashing
patterns and designs in bright, daring colors and
combinations.
AND SPORTS Gaberdines certainly fill every re
quirement for smartness, color and pattern, and
you'll find a wide range here for choosing, 75c quall'y
for 49c a yard.
tSSos Half Price Silk Stockings in Black and Colors, $125
$5.00 SWEATERS $2.50
$6.50 SWEATERS $3.25
$7.50 SWEATERS $3.75
$10.00 SWEATERS $5.00
Trimmings
WE CANNOT BEGIN Tf) describe in this small space the many new
and attractive novelties embraced in this sale of Millinery trimmings But
whatever Is needed for the completion and ornamentation of an a'Tactlve.
becoming summer hat will surely be found, among this wonderful assoit
ment Flowers, Ornaments. Foliage, Ribbons, Bandings, Stiik Ups, Etc.. K'c.
And all you pay Is HALF-PRICE.
n-i. ivvtni-c L'-iu L-Lnv u'ini iv i tin. uvirr..n nwfrii-t iii and nrove by the test of wear.
the wonderful value we offer in Silk Stockings t $1.25 .i pair. They are unquestionably the best Silk Hosiery buy
In Bisbee. Made of Pure Thread Silk, deep silk garter top. reinforced heels, soles and toes.
IT WOULD BE FOOLISH FOR ANY WOMAN to deny herself the comfort and pleasure of wearing Silk
Stockings when such as these are buyable at $1.25 a pair, iu black, white and a full range of the fasJiiouable
shades fur summer. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIE, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 8, 1917.
THREE
BASEBALL RESULTS
NATIONALS
(By Review Leased Wire).
NEW YORK. July 7. New York
made another substantial gam in the
National league pennant race here to-i
day. defeating St. Louis twice. Some.'
runs by Robertson and Burns were,
responsible for three of the four Giant
runs in the second game.
Score First game: R. H. L
St. Louis . ..000 000 012 000 3 7 2
Aew orlt . .Z1U 000 000 OOl ( 13
Batteries: Meadows, Horstman,
Doak. Watson and Snyder; Anderson,
Benton, Tesreau and Rariden.
Score Second game: R. H. E.
St. Louis 000 000 010 1 7 2
New York 020 010 lOx 4 6 0
Batteries: Doak, Horstman, Mays
and Gonzales; Schupp and Gibson.
Brooklyn 5; Chicago 4.
BROOKLYN. July 7. Through a
ninth-inning rally Brooklyn defeated
Chicago. Three singles and a passed
ball with Aldridge pitching gave thej
local team the tieing and winning
runs. ;
Score R. H. E.
Chicago .." 002 000 002 ( 7 1
Brooklyn 000 020 1025 9 3
Batteries: Demaree,
Aldridge and.
Wilson, Dilhoefer; Smith and Miller.
Pittsburg 4; Philadelphia 1.
PHILADELPHIA, July 7. Pitts
burg defeated Philadelphia. T'je
home team's errors were costly, while
Miller and Jacobs were' effective,
Score R. H. R
Pittsburg . 100 010 2004 12 1
Philadelphia . ...000 000 0101 6 4
Batteries: Miller, Jacobs and Fisch
er; Alexander, Lavender, Oeschger
and Killifer, Adams.
Boston 1-3; Cincinnati 2-Q.
BOSTON. July 7. Boston and Cin
cinnati divided today's double-header.
Rudolph held Cincinnati to six hits in
the second game, gave no bases on
balls, and was a big factor in the Bos
ton win. Groh's fielding was remark
able In both games.
Score First game; R. H. E.
Cincinnati . ....000 020 000 2 6 1
Boston 100 000 0001 C 2
Batteries: Schneider and Wingo;
Barnes and Tragresser.
Score Second game: R. H. E.
Cincinnati 000 000 000 0 6 0
Boston 000 100 20x 3 7 1
Batteries: Mitchell. Ring and
Wingo. Clarke; Rudolph and Tragres
ser. j.
HOW THEY STAND
American League.
Won. Lost
Club-
Pet.
Boston 4C
Chicago 47
New York 36
Detroit 36
Cleveland 30
Washington . 29
St. Louis 29
Philadelphia 25
National League.
Club Won.
New York 44
Philadelphia 38
St. Louis 40
Chicago '. 40
Cincinnati 41
Brooklyn 31
Boston 28
Pittsburg 23
26
27
33 .
.619
35
37
40
46
44
Lost.
23
30
34
38
39
36
38
47
Coast Results
(By Review Leaned Wire).
At San Francisco
Vernon
San Francisco . ,
Batteries: Johnson
Erickson and Baker.
R. H. E.
3 4 1
2 2 4
and Mitze;
At Salt Lake R. H. E.
Portland 12 13 2
Salt Lake 0 6 li
Batteries: Brenton and Fisher; '
Evans. Kirkmeyer and Hannah, Cress.
At Los Angeles R. H. E.
Oakland . 6 6 4
Los Angeles 7 13 1
Batteries: Prough
Beer Kramer ,
and Murray, Kilhullan;
Hogg and Bassler.
Standridge,
Western League
(By Review Leased Wire.)
At Omaha U. H. E. -
Des Moines . 4 8 2
Omaha 3 8 5
Batteries: Luschen and Brottera;
Musser and Benton (10 innings).
At Lincoln R. H. E.
Sioux City 2 7 5
Lincoln 3 6 1
Batteries: Ros"e and Crosby; Blod
gett and Rohrer (10 innings).
At Joplin R. H. E.
Denver 3 9 o
Joplin 0 7 2
Batteries: Manser and Shestak;
Mapel, McGranor and Monroe.
At St. Joseph R. H. E.
Wichita 1 7 1
St. Joseph 0 8 1
Batteries: Lyons and Yaryan;
Wright and O'Brien (11 innings).
AMERICANS
(By Review leased Wire.)
CLEVELAND. July 7. Cleveland de
feated Boston by timelv .hitting. Tlie
contest was a pitchers' battle between
Ruth and Coveleskie, with the latter
carrying off the honors. He helJ
j Boston to three hits and would have
i registered a shutout but for an error
of Judgment.
Score R. H. E
Boston 000 100 0001 3 i
Cleveland . . . ..010 010 Olx 3 6 0
Batteries: Ruth and Thomas:
Coveleskie and O'Neill.
Philadelphia 4; Chicago 2.
CHICAGO, July 7. Philadelphia
bunched hits and defeated Chicago.
The game was a pitching diitj between
Scott and Myers, with the latter pitrh
ing the better ball in the pinches.
Score R. H. K.
Philadelphia . ...100 000 1204 7 0
j Chicago
000 000 020-2 7 1
Myers and Schagn.
Batteries:
Danforth and S-.halk.
St Louis 1; New York 0.
ST. LOCIS, July 7. Lavan's hit in
the ninth scored the only run made
in the game with New York today, St
l.ouis winning. i ne game was a
pitchers' battle between Sothoron and
Shawkey, the former Philadelphia
player.
New York 000 000 000 0 6 1
St. Louis
....000 000 0011 9 1
Batteries: Shawkey and Miller, Nu
namaker; Sothoron and Serereid.
Washington at 'Detroit;
wet grounds.
postponed;
American Association
At Louisville. 3; Indianapolis, 8.
At Minneapolis, 1-S; Kansas City,
2-10.
At St. Paul. 7-2; Milwaukee, 10.
At Toledo-Colunilms, rain.
Southern Association
Memphis, 4; Atlanta, 3.
Chattanooga, 3; New Orleans, 9.
Little Rock. 7-1; Birmingham, 1-2.
Nashville, 5; Mobile, 4.
SOCIETY
EIRTHDAY PARTY.
) A very delightful birthday party j
-'was given at the home of W. S.
Deatherage. pastor of the Christian j
church, in honor of their son, Clemens '
birthday. The afternoon was spent in
; various games and ice cream, cake I
and lemonade was served to twenty-
four of Master Clemens little friends, :
all of them enjoying the afternoon!
.635 and wishing him many such happy I
.522 lirthdays. j
.507 ;
.44,5 LEISER AND ASHE.
.420' A very quiet wedding occurred at j
.387 'the Golden Hotel, Miss Hazel M. Lc' !
.362 er of El Paso, and Robert James Ashe
of Douglas of the United States army.
The young couple were attended by
Pet. Miss Francis Catoas, bridesmaid and
.657 J- B. Angius as groomsman. The cer
.559 emony was read by Rev. C. W. Harsh
.541 man in the presnece of a few friends,
.513 Mr. Jack Letson, Mr. Fitzgerald, Mr.
.51! Clarence Hatson. Mr. Thomas McSil
.4C3.1ia, Mr. F. O. Frost. Mr. and Mrs. T.
.424 H. Spaulding. Mr. Williard Whitt and
.32a Mrs. Cain.
The Arizona Home association will
meet with Mrs. George W. Cook at
her home in South Bisbee, Wednesday
July 11, at 1:30 p. m. All are invited.
Automobiles will meet the Warren
Branch at the Cole-Ryan building in
Warren at 1 p. m.
Mrs. C. M. Wheeler and Master
Gene Iewis, will leave Tuesday for
j Los Angeles for a vacation and visit
1 with friends.
POPULAR BISBEE COUPLE WED.
Mr. Mack Thomas Grace and Miss
Vesta Maude Matthews were married
July 7 at the home of the bride's par
ents, Mr. and Mrs Edd King. Mason
Hill. The ceremony was read by Rev.
C. W. Harshman in the presence of
realt'ves an a ew Intimate friends.
aiiss .ttaiinew8 was employed as
bookkeeper in the Phelps-Dodge store.
Mr. Graves is an employe of Copper
Queen mines, both are well known
here and have a host of friends who
wish them much happiness in the
p.tep just taken. They will make their
home In Bisbee.
To All Deputies
I want to impress upon each dep
uty sheriff the absolute necessity
for extreme self-control, cool, calm
Judgment and patience. Avoid all
display of weapons. Remember,
you are deputized for protection of
self and property and the mainten
ance of peace. You are subject to
my call, a call which will be made
when necessary.
Let no act of yours tend to de
feat the object for which you were
putized, namely the preservation
peace. I hold each man respon
sible for any illegal act or excess of
his authority and this applies to ev
jry man in this district.
HARRY C. WHEELER,
Sheriff.
GIGANTIC REVOLU-
lip BARED
(Continued From Page One)
.Monday unless ptrsons sought to
escape.
The names of defendants disclosed
tonigiit include Wolfe von Isle, II. von
Weigelt and Phillip Thayer, all of
whom have been heretofore indicted
on other charges; Leopold Michaels,
a San Francisco importer; Capt. Ed
mond Deinant, now interned at Angel
Island; John F. Craig, head of a ship
building concern at'LAin Beach, Cali
fornia: M. Martinez, a San Diego at
torney; Ray Howard, a Los Angeles
attorney; Juan Bernardo Bowen, W.
II. Page, George Phillips, Benno
Klocke, Gustave T. Myers, Adolph
Wini mel. T. R. Johnson, Joseph E.
Bein. Simon Rier, Frederick Williams.
Harry J. Hart. Walter C. Hughes, J.
C. Fisher and Ralph Ituss.
SAN FRANCISCO. July 7. Prepara
tions for war with England were be
ing made in the I'niled States by Ger
man agents and Hindu agitators ni'jre
than a year prior to the outbreak or
the Europeon war, according to a i
statement made here today by I'nited '
States District Attorney John W
Pres-
ton.
This assertion was in connection
with the filing of 139 indictments In
the United States court here today in
connection with the alleged violation
of American neutrality. Two separ
ate sets of indictments were returned
98 bearing on a world-plot to foment
revolution in India and a on the so
called steamship Sacramento case in
which it is charged an effort wasv
made to provision German warships
at Sea. Several of the defendants are
mentioned in each set Jf indictments.
The so-called Hindu Revolution
plot was summarized today in a state
ment by Preston in which he says:
'105 Men Involved.
"One hundred and five men are In
volved. Ninety eight have been in
dicted and seven named as co-consplra-tors.
About one-half of this number
are at present'without the jurisdiction
of the United States.
"For more than a year prior to the
outbreak of the European war, certain
Hindus in San Francisco and German
agents were preparing openry rar war
wKh England. At the outoreaK or Me
war, Hindu leaders, members of the
German consulate here, and attaches
of the German government began to
form plans to carry out a conspiracy
to incite revolution in India for the
two-fold purpose of attempting to free
India and the Germans irr their mili
tary operations.
"Hindus on the Pacific Coast were
canvassed and those willing to take
part in the revolution were registered.
Emissaries were financed by the Ger
man agents here and immediately
despatched to Germany. Shortly there
after what is known as the India com
mittee, tn adjunct of the German for
eign office, was created in Berlin.
Among them was Har Dayal, a fugi
tive from the Unitde States in 1914.
This India committee had the per
ror.a! attention of Alfred Zimmermann.
Plant Are Unfolded.
"Thereafter the operations of the
plotters in the United States were di
rected from Berlin and the finances
were sent from the same source. The
conspiracy took the form of various
military enterprises. Arms and am
munition in large quantities were pur
chased wUh German money. Men were
recruited and sent to India. Military
expeditions were organized to be car
ried from America and Siam. Arms
and ammunitions were smuggled
through China and Japan. The whole
conspiracy was a well defined effort
fo create a revolution in India for the
purpose "of forcing England to main
tain large bodies of troops in India
that otherwise would have been for
use against German on the battle
front The evidence presents an amaz
ing display of intrigue at the expense
of the lawn and hospitality of the
United States."
Alfred Zimmermann, referred to in
Preston's statement, is foreign secre
tary of Germany. Names of those in
dicted in the Hindu plot case are on
the secret file of the United States
court. !
NEW YORK, July 7. Papers seized
in the offices of Wolfe von Igel, sec
retary of Captain Farm von Papen,
gave the government proof of German
plots to foment uprisings in India and
Ireland, it was learned here tonight.
The information, it was said, also had i
an important bearing on the arrest of '
Sir Roger Casement. !
Federal officials were reticent re- j
carding the information involving Sir j
Roger Casement. Nothing could be '
i learned of this phase of the conspiracy
except that the evidence was import-;
ant.
i The von Igel papers brought about
, the arrest and indictment of Dr. Ernest
; Sekunna, a Prussian chemist and two
, Hindus attending the Columbia I'ni-
versity, Chandra Chakraberti and H. ;
i L. Guhta, 'on a charge of setting on
foot in this country a military enter
; prise against England. Both Hindus
: admitted they bad received large .
, payments of money from German ;
! agents. Selfunna and the Hindus are i
under heavy bail awaiting trial,
i The indictment charged the three j
men with dispatching a Chinese to
China to purchase war munitions,
which were to be sent secretly to j
j revolutionists in India. i
I Von Igel's papers revealed also, it
was said, that while Captain von
Papen was in Japan in 1913 he paid
large sums it money to Guhta to
foment trouble in India and that Chak
raberti had been supplied with funds
during his visit to. Berlin.
rod Mcdonald back.
Rod McDonald returned yesterday
morning from Phoenix, where he was
summoned more than a week ago y
appear as a witness for the attorney
general's office in a land case.
LEAVING FOR GLOBE.
Mrs. Charles Thomas leaves this
morning for Globe where she will vis
it her father and mother-in-law. Mrj
and Mrs. Hinscn Thomas of the Gila
county seat. Mrs. Charles Thomas
and Mrs. Hinson Thomas expect to
leave for the coast shortly and re
main there through the summer
months.
Cause of Despondency.
Despondency is often caused by in-'
digestion and constipation, and quick-!
ly disappears when Chamberlain's
Tablets are taken. These tablet? j
strengthen the digestion and move the j
bowels. Adv.
Washington special says upwards of,
20.000.000 bushels of wheat annually i
will lie preserved for use of United,
States under application of embargo
by newly created exports council. This
amount will be kept from neutrals
which have been supplying Germany.
Tightened All
4 Wheels in One Hour
That's what you can do, too, if
you use Spoktite. It is no longer necessary
to have a blacksmith or repairman tighten
your wheels the mechanical way. Neither
need your vehicle remain idle half a day or
longer while the job is being done.
SPOKTITE
Swells Vood 2EEEEE7
Easily Applied by Anyone
Spoktite is a liquid compound that goes
right into (he wood and swells it to its original'
condition of tightness. It tightens loose wheels
as good as new and keeps thein tight.
Xo need to take them off or apart in
order to apply Spoktite. Simply squirt it into the
cracks caused by the shrinkage at the hubs and
felloes. It is rJut up ia handy spout cans to make
application easy.
Make Your Wheels Safe NOW
Loose wheels are apt to collapse in dangerous
pTacrs and cau-te serious damage, if not
Prevent such accidents by "Spukutesung" your
See
your
dealer
Most garages, auto snpplv and hard
ware stores sell Spoktite. ti yonrs do
m write our factory and we will see that you
are promptly supplied.
Manufactured by the
Liquid Wheel Tightener Co.
General Office and Factory: Modesto, California
Branches: Boston and New York City
housands
Will Be
This Summer
Equip your kitchen with a GAS RANGE and a GAS FIRED WATER HEATER and free your kitchen
tasks from all disagreeable features.
CLEAN, practically without effort on your part, b ecause dust and ashes are eliminated. EFFICIENT, be-
m mm
j
mm r- 3
RELIABLE tf.V'
GAS RANutS
Tell Your Wife
CornsLift Off
Doesn't hurt a bit to lift corn
or calluses eff with fingers
Not a twinge of pain or
soreness before applying,
or afterwards. This may j
sound like a dream to
corn-pestered men and wo
men who have been cat
ting, filing and wearing'
torturous plasters. Yes!
Come lift out and calluses
peel off as if by magic.
A small bottle of freez
one costs but a few cents
at any drug store. Apply
a few drops directly upon
your tender com or cal
lus, and instantly the sore
ness disappears: then '
shortly the (Vrn or callus
will be so loose that it
lifts off. 1
Freezone dries instant- j
ly. It doesn't eat out the :
corn or callus, but just 1
shrivels it up so it lifts.
away without even irritating the sur-j
rounding skin. Women should keep j
a tiny bottle handy on the dresser and j
never let a corn or callus ache twice, j
j
REVIEW WANT ADS
RRING RESULTS
and
it cost only
One Dollar!
A wheel size can
of Spoktite will
tighten 4 wheels as
pood as new. And
it costs only one
dollar. Thousands
of motorists have
used it and report
great success. In
fact, not one single
case of failure has
yet been found.
A jo Tight
Carriage and Wagon
Whm.U With
personal injury.
wheels at once.
Crmat for
'Body Sqataka'
- T" '
6
ji i
Bisbee I
TiieTost
acceleration
IcwMFoinis
. r i j i n in j
j&s?rCV'';!'ii At t5 fk lCV J
100
re
Why has our repair work increased 1 00 per cent in
Thirty Days?
There is only one answer v
We Have Given Real Satisfaction
And, Mr. Car Owner, we can and will give you this
same SATISFACTION.
L'.i"''-"- ' ' i li '
Long Trail Garage
PHONE 831
Remember our motto:
Communicate immediately with tele
phone 153, in case of threats or intimidation.
CITIZENS PROTECTIVE LEAGUE.
BSCS
W PJ
. ' r ;
Will Yours?
cause a gas range and water heater will do your cooking and baking
and provide abundant hot water at the lowest possible expenditure of
time and fuel.
COMFORTABLE not only in a physical sense, but because of
relief from the many worries that beset the particular housekeeper who
must depend upon an uncertain coal range.
We have a complete assortment of gas ranges on display, as well
as the different types of water heater. An investigation will place you
under no obligation. Call at our store or ask us to send a representative.
mprovement
BOILING a
POINTS il
3
STAN
LOIL COMPAV
JOHNSON ADDITION
"Courtesy and Efficiency.
.f .1. v-" r . .Ajr.
CAS RANGES
Co.
n
IT" i II mm THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 8, 1917.
FOUR
Cbg IBi&btt Bath &gufe:4J
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
ired as $sond Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona.
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH -
2.26
4.00
7.50
THREE MONTHS
SEC MONTHS ....
TWELVE MONTHS
2.5C
76
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY Our Weekly) per quarter
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
" PHONE NO. 39.
Review subscriber not receiving a copy of The BIsb'e
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will jet one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger-by telephoning tlir
Circulation Department, No. 39. 'The Review will con
aider it a favor If the Irregularity of delivery Is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Sunday Morning, July 8, 1917.
AND THEY THINK THEY ARE ON A STRIKE.
Said a well-known citizen of Blsbee last evening, a
gentleman noted for his fairness and even friendliness
toward ,1a bor, as well as. his intelligence: "I have been
following this strike propaganda closely since it first
' started, not missing a meeting in City Park or a chance
to hear the leaders talk of their alleged grievacnes, and
I am forced to the conclusion that these men who started
this trouble and are keeping it going with their voices
are purely and simply socialists of the "red" brand who
are using this valley as a school room for their doctrines
and these great copper mines and hundreds of miners as
their pawns. It is a melancholy conclusion and reflects
sadly upon the intelligence of their dupes. ,
"I can understand why these striking miners can go
once, or even twice, to hear these plausible fellows talk
and to laugh at their grotesque comparisons and wild,
fierce denunciations, but, for the life of me, I cannot
understand how they subsist upop a steady diet of this
stuff. It is like eating soap bubbles."
These I. W. W. orators have a certain low cunning.
It would be a big mistake to refuse to concede them that.
Their stories and comparisons are well calculated to
appeal to' their hearers. But it Is noticeable that they
do not talk of practical things. They do not offer any
thing real for what they have taken away steady work
and the respect of the rest of the community. They
show beautiful visions of the future but offer no ladders
by -which to climb to these rosy heights. They denounce
the "copper barons" who have built great structures of
usefulness and beauty in this canyon and yet they them
selves are building nothing here but air castles of words
that are destroyed at once by silence.
They do not point out any concrete instances of bad
conditions in the mines that ought to be remedied in
the interest of safety or health. They do not use the
Bisbee wage scale as an evil example of poor pay when
compared to the wages of any class of workingmen in
any community in the world They talk only of the
euality of man and of the dreams that ought to come
true. They preach only socialism and equality and an
archy in a general way. If they meant what they said
they would found a colony or community of their own
and demonstrate the practicability of these things before
trying to force them upon the rest of this practical
world. If they were honest and sincere, and really
sought to do some good for their poor, deluded follow
ers, they would assemble all those of their kind and be
lief together and undertake to try to make the wilder
ness blossom like the rose and work out some of these
beautiful theories. There are plenty of mining prospects
in these mountains. With the money they have wasted
in this strike and the money their dupes have lost in
vanished wages, they could start a mining venture along
the very lines they spout and rave about on the platform
night after night
Then, after they have proved their doctrines and
earned the right to lead these miners; after they have
performed this miracle of the Impossible, let them come
to communities who live and labor and love under the
precepts and protection of the constitution, and they
will be listened to with respect, if not with belief.
These striking miners fondly believe that their lead
ers are conducting a strike. It is very sad. It Is pitiful.
In realtiy they are calling men from their work to listen
to the rankest and wildest ravings of an extreme so
cialism that have ever been preached by any fanatic.
These speeches, when the nation is at peace, are merely
drivel that amuse some people and disgust others and
Interest a few. But when the nation is at war they are
treason. The United States government regards social
ists and anarchists and disturbers and rioters as their
enemies. They are being arretted In many places and
are watched everywhere. They are strongly suspcted,
and in many cases have been proved to be in league
with Prussian spies. Whosoever keepB company with
them or consorts with them or aids and abets them with
voice or influence or sympathy, is automatically, by that
very act, placed upon the government's suspect lint ; the
government's black list Socialists are upon record as
opposing war, opposing conscription, opposing established
law. They are being arrested by United States official
all over the country.
This is one of the big reasons why union lalor lead
ers of repute everywhere have denounced these strikes
and tried in every way possible to keep their members
out of them. This is why good union men all over the
country have kept at work in the face of the anarchist
call in the tongue of treason.
Again I say, it is too bad to see this palpable fraud
practiced upon these workingmen. Strike Indeed! Bet
te rconditions and better pay, forsooth! You poor dupes,
you are merely little children going to school again
while these rainbow chasers tell you how to gather star
dust and be rifh and happy forevermore. Listen closely
to them at the next meeting and see for yourselves if I
have not pointed out to you the real facts in their firey
speeches that move you and stories that make you laugh
What have they done? What are they going to do? What
CAN they do? If they go one step further the United
States government will arrest them and throw them into
Drison or deoort them. And they know it. Socialism
and treason walk hand In hand in a country that is at
war. You may be loyal at heart, you followers, and you
may think you are loyal, but your hands are not clean,
for the are idle when your country calls, and yon are con
sorting with traitors. If this is loyalty, God save this
nation from the protection of these sheep and the wolves
for the lion's whelps are abroad at play.
CRITICISING NORTHCLIFFE.
It Is very natural for competing newspapers. In Eng
land, to criticise Lord Northcliffe, than whom no man in
the great British Empire Is more responsible for it
present high place in the greatest of wars. Professional
jealousy, however, should be tempered with sound judg
ment In that case, the great Britfsh newspaper map
would be accorded the support of the whole press of
England for his national services and for his continued
and, finally, successful fight for a sensible censorship.
Several days ago, the London Chronicle commented
on Lord Northcliffe's recent speech in New York, In
which the editor of the Mail and the Times said:
"I trust that the United States will not make the
censorship blunder that England made, and which is just
beginning to be an evil of the past England was kept
in the dark for nearly three years. The people were
blinded by the fatuous optimism of soldiers and politi
cians who, while efficient in peace, were incompetent in
war. The people were not permitted to know the truth.
and when the truth finally emerged out of costly blunders
and sacrifices, they were loath to accept it."
The Chronicle said: "If the speaker were still a pri
vate Individual, no one would quarrel with him for his
hashing up the party view and personal attacks which
his journals have made familiar, but surely the head of
a British mission, representing, though for unspecified
purposes, the nation as a whole, has no business to talk
In such a strain. The impropriety of it is elementary."
American and the press of the United States should
rejoice In the selection of Northcliffe as the head of the
British mission. It has meant that the truth would be
told in this country. Red tape and British officialdom
has been jolted on many occasions by the famous Lon
don editor and his warning to America and to the press
of America is right, just and proper. Lord Northcliffe
has seen the evils which resulted from the British cen
sorship. He sees in the United States and its press the
final decision In the great war. He is thinking in terms
of all the allied nations and not in terms of a minority
in England "soldiers and politicians who while efficient
In peace were Incompetent in war" and his advice will
not fall on barren ground.
The people of the United States are determined that
they shall be told the truth, and the whole truth. Lord
Northcliffe will be remembered as one of the really great
Englishmen of the age and particularly for his wholesome
advice to the people of this country at a time when ex
perienced advice is needed.
Speaking of settlement of the strike by mediation-
how about the Jerome strike? It was settled by medi
ation, June 3, and agreed upon that there should be no
more trouble or new demands during the period of the
war. Yet 60 per cent of these same Jerome miners went
out on strike under the red flag of the I. W. W. a month
after the mediator packed his suitcase and left the
town. Mediation, judging by the Jerome sample, is a
wlll-o-the-wisp. If It were a case of treating with a
reputable, responsible labor organization, it would be dif
ferent, but to treat with the I. W. W. is too much like
taking a cold rattlesnake to your bosom or warmine
dynamite on the stove, or mooring the boat of your busi
ness affairs with ropes of sand. Germany is seeking
this same kind of mediation today in order that she may
crouch and eat and prepare for a longer spring.
"I am glad that the union labor
men of El Paso have repudiated
I. W. W. outfit." wrote a well
known citizen Friday in the El.
EL PASO LABORING MEN
HAVE NO USE FOR "RED"
AGITATORS.
.
.Paso Times. "Of course I knew
that the old fine union men were
not in sympathy with the meth
ods of I. W. W., but everybody
didn't know it and that it why I
am glad the local union leaders
have come out openly in repudi
ation of the foreign anarchists.
El Paso's laboring men are far
above the average in point of in
telligence and in consequence
they are good citizens and patri
otic Americans and I feel confi
dent that in an emergency they
would be among the first to lend
a hand in placing the anarchists
where they belong."
"I DID NOT RAISE MY BOY TO BE
A SLACKER."
I did not raise my boy to be a slacker;
I want my son to play a manly part:
In every noble cause I'd be his backer
And urge him on, although it broke
my heart
I did not raise my boy to be a quitter;
I hope my son is made of sterner
stuff.
To fight when duty calls ah, that
were fitter
Until the foe at last shall cry
"enough!"
I always taught my boy to follow
duty.
Oh, God, I little thought where
would lead!
And now, when in his youth and man
ly beauty
He bravely goes to fight, perhaps to
bleed.
I must not flinch, although my heart
be breaking,
I must not fail, although my eyes
be dim;
Tis right, I know, the course my son
IS taking;
He chose to go and I am proud of
him.
Carrie Brown, in I.os Angeles Times
it
HIS FAVORITE CHILD
! -
.-
; '"-J tftoFtrs Mm hEH iW" W
jji-'fe'r'"4ai' r-
a- ... , ..?;r.-..-.r . j
FEDERAL ATTENTION NEEDED
Bisbee Is deserving of better treat
ment at the hands or the unifea
States attorney and his deputies. In
stead of plantitudinous remarks, in
speeches of the U. S. attorney or one
of his assistants to attend to several
cases o fclackers and to other cases
which need the personal attention of
the United States' legal representatives.
On the evening of July 3. James
Cocoves, who is said to be a ureea,
made seditious remarks about the
United States. He was held for sever
al days and many attempts were made
to induce the federal representative
to either appear here or send one of
his deputies. After several days of ef- j
forts Cocoves was liberated.
Such cases need attention and if the
United States attorney is too busy to
attend them he should have additional
aid. It Is to be hoped that this con
dition of affairs will be eliminated.
When the need Is pressing for the
eradication of sedition, it should be
handled at once. Tomorrow mtgni oe
too late.
SENATE WOULD-GOM-
MANDEE1ALL BOOZE
(Continued From Page One)
We Americans who have witnessed an occasional ex
hibition flight of an aeroplane have not the slightest con
ception of the battle planes in use on the Flanders line
and which we must equal In our factories as fast as we
can. An American was being shown .through the avia
tion camp In Ontario, Canada, the other day and his guide
pointed out a beautiful Curtis plane with a 90h. p.
motor capable of doing 60 miles an hour. "That ma
chine," said the officer, "is of no use any more except
to teach beginners the rudiments of flying. The ma
chines that are doing business in France today must
have 220-h. p. and be able to step 150 miles an hour or
they will drop out of the battalion formation and be eaten
up by German White Cross birds."
Roosevelt to the Russian embassy: "Win the war and
then settle your own home troubles." And the same ad
vice might apply to the striking miners of Arizona who
are asking for recognition of their union, and for a dollar
an hour and for a six-hour day, and all the other glitter
ing things that the agitators can think of or suggest.
ite delay in enacting the war tax bill,
further delay on the food control bill,
and Indefinite postponement of ad
justment of congress. The revised
$1,670,000,000 war tax bill was with
drawn from the final vote on the
liquor question to seek new sources of
revenue in case taxation on insuuea .
liquor is eliminated.
Enormous withdrawal of distilled j
liquors from bonded warehouses be-!
fore the senate provision could be
come effective was generally predicted
today.
The provision for government pur
chase of distilled beverages in bond.,
offered by Senator Snioot, was added
to the R'obinson substitute after many
senators had vigorously denounced as
confiscation of distillers' property a
provision by Senator Cummins, of
Iowa, which proposed to prohibit with-,
drawal of the warehouse stores. j
The twelve senators voting against '
the Smoot amendment were: Borah, :
Chamberlain, France, Hitchcock.
Owen, Reed, Simmons, of Georgie,
Stone, Trammel, Vardaman and Walsh
composing both "wets" and "drys"
opposing the plan for divergent rea
sons. May Increase Taxes.
Representative Barkley. of Ken
tucky, father Of the house absolute
beverage-manufacturing prohibitory
amendment, said tonight that he dis
liked the senate bill, but declined to
forecast what action would be taken
on it:
"I am sorry," he said, "that the ;
senate separated whiskey and beer. :
They have been close friends so long
that I don't think they should nt1
parted now." )
Other prohibitionists representa- j
tlves were undecided regarding steps !
to be taken upon the return of the
senate bill. '
In withdrawing the revised war taK I
bill from the senate and having :i
recommitted to the finance committee.
Chairman Simmons said the further
revision would depend upon the final
action of congress as to eliminating
distilled beverages as a source or re
enue. Privately it was stated that to
make up any loss in revenue from
distilled beverages, it was probable
that the taxes on beer and wines
would be increased greatly and also
possibly the, taxes on mcomes anil war
excess profits.
j It was estimated that manufacturers
and dealers probably could raise funds
! enough to withdraw at least half or
the existing supply, or enough to meet
consumption demands for a year or
more.
One feature of the ibll as it now
stands the prohibition Of the manu
facture of distilled spirits will not be
subject to change in conference and
therefore is certain to become a law.
A resort to cloture still is threatened
to hasten action on other disputed sec
tions of the control bill. Senator
Chamberlain tonight presented and
then withdrew thearetically bis clo
ture motion after failing to obtain
consent to vote on the proposal Mon
day. He was determined to dispose of the
measure during the tOming week. He
announced he would Introduce the
cloture motion on Monday unless an
agreement could be reached.
Another day of impassioned speech-
I es and five-minute limit, "inside con
gressional maneuvering and parlia
mentary jockeying proceeded me ac
tion on the liquor contest. The result
was hailed as a partial victory by both
"wets" and "drys." rro:."Drnon ad
vocates were more elated, however,
because they had woh their fight to
stop or at least greatly restrict con
sumption as well as manufacture of
distilled beverages.
The "wets" were successful, how
ever. In confining the senate's action
to distilled beverages without, inter
ferlns with beer and wines.
OA (HOOD
As you recall the brave deeds of our
ancestors who fought for independence,
it is well also to consider the importance
of financial independence.
A Savings Account is what is needed--start
one now.
Bank with us.
II I
w ma s s sssv
f v - .f-T.I - -f - ......
a 1 .7lk'IL (UJ iVOJUv.'
Hi
We have just received a
rare lins of
Perfect
Wesselton
DIAMONDS
in all sizes, which will make
beautiful engagement rings.
Remember these stones are
absolutely perfect and the
prices right Come in and
talk it over with us.
L L. Gilinan
THERE IS NO LAW
Compelling a hi an to save, and we doubt If any, law
could make the thriftless provident.
In tins matter of saving you must either take
the advice of those who know or learn by your owo
experience that it does not pay to live right up to
your income, spending every cent you earn, regard
less of that future which may not be such a time ot
prosperity tor yon as the present is.
This bank helps you with four per cent interest
compounded semi-annually on your savings de
posited here.
5
38
mm
Of Fire Burning
Or Burglars
Stealing your private papers and valuables when
you shut the home up for the summer.
There's Absolute Safety for both when protected
by our modern vaults
Private safes rent for $500 and up yearly.
Think this over then see
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Blsbee, Arizona,
Will E. McKee, President C A. McDonald, Cashier
THE DAILY REVIEW WA NT ADS BRING RESULTS THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW,
SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 8, 1917.
FIVE
BISBEE'S TILT WJTH THE I. J. I '
REFLECTS SERIES OF QUEER AID
UNEXPEGTEO STATES OF
Nearly Two Weeks of Strike Sees the Warren District in Bet
ter Condition Than at Any Time Since June 27 Back
bone Is Broken and Men Are Surely Losing Faith in Idols
Placed for Their Worship Peaceable Conditions Prevail
Throughout.
20 GERMAN AIRPLANES
BOMBARD LONDON AND
FLEE ACROSS CHANNEL
(Continued From Page One)
Blsbee has had its tilt wiih the In
dustrial Workers of the World. The
past tense Is used advisedly in this
instance for the attempted walk-out
has produced nothing but a temporary
embarrassment of tiie workingmen
and is rapidly assuming the character
of the building up of oiganiiations to
their highest point of emcieucy. Duany
features have characterized tne liis
bee strike which are parau'jxical in
the extreme and yet show the animus,
the purposes and the intentions of the
people who made the strike possible.
Two weeks ago today Bisbee was
present and has retarded applications
As a matter f fact they nave been
in no hurry about restoring ttieir
forces, but men applying for work
from now on will get a hearing.
With the mines in the excellent
shape which the management bad
them prior to the strike call and by
reason of the fact that the properties
were at no time in anything approach
ing a helpless situation, the restora
tion of the Warren District producers
to full efficiency will not be long de
layed. This does not mean that they
are going to rush forces on, but that
I the men picking up the work will be
quiet. It is still quiet and therein lies eager t0 crowd jt and that they
one of the many paradox of the local tne e3tample before them of the lovalf
eitnalinn Tvt vaaba n tm 4 Hum O 1 '
no runi'or of a strike in the Warren
District. True, any industrial com
munity is afflicted with rumors of
strikes. There are always those whc
are discontented. There are always
those who would fan the flames of dis
content to the point where a conflag
ration would become imminent 'or a
fact.
For months it had been reported
that the "Wobbly" organization in the
Warren District was large. This
statement was discounted and one oi
the principal reasons for regarding it
lightly was the established fact that
the mines of the District offer no ex
cuse for the agitator to w'jrk.
Sunday, two weeks ago today, the
rumors persisted that a strike was
I patriotic men who weathered the
strike craze and have kept production
moving excellently.
Both Copper Queen and Calumet &
Arizona are setting out more than
half of their normal tonnage. C. & A.
did better than 1400 tons yesterday
and Friday on shipments to the smelt
er. Its- normal daily output is 2600
tons. Copper Queen is making near
the same ratio to normal production.
All phases tf the situation taken in
consideration, this production may
fairly be figured as representing about
two-thirds of the normal output.
Mine pickets remaining here, much
t reduced in numbers, are. for the most
I part non-workers and their location in
I the district purely temporary. They
j will soon be advancing to other p'jints
impending. No one appeared to know ' disturbance and givlng here tc
why No one seemed to know who ; a new agjtaling divi8io( which w.
would order the strike. No one, and , w t tQ ,an a ,aler wallwmt
especuUly men wbv should be in close through Indications are that ms
touch with the industrial conditions I wM fce much ,esg guccessfu, than a ,ike
irom tne point oi view oi tne vomers, :
believed such a thing was possible,
On the following .Monday more
rumors persisted and on Tuesday de
mands were sent to the operators.
The manner in which the demands'
were, prepared and passed is still
mvctAPir 11ion 4filan a nnm
, .T.l district following the calling of the
plated there must be cause. When ... m
' i program which has been followed out
' at Jei'jme under slightly more auspi-
! clous circumstances, for there the
' j men succeeded in getting back in the
' mines under the guise of friends com-
mitted to loyalty.
i Several hundred good men left the
they ara called there must be a Vte.
Otherwise a strike can have no valid
reason and no legitimate hold on the i
men who may be affected.
Yet, on Tuesday, June 26, seven de
mands were presented the operators
of the Warren District N'o attention
was paid either the committee or the
demands; the companies taking the
position that they would treat with nc
organization outside of their own men.
Wednesday morning the strike was on.
Pickets were requisitioned from the
ranks of the I. W. W. and placed on
the various roads, trails and approach-
forces of the mines would be praetical-
. ly up to the top figures of before the
! strike. Most of the men who left were
i union men holding cards but with no
1 intention or wish to engage in trou
i ble here, knowing trouble to be with
out cause in justice of any sort.
', The Mexican surface w'orkers, who
; remained out as a body longer than
, any other of the strikers, have coni
j menced returning and w ill probably
j all be back before the end of next
week. The notion is becoming fixed
: n miin ir (ham that iiurhatui lha M ' 1 1 i 1
es to the many mines in the Warren . . . .
rv .t t ii . r j- v ' I. W. W. brother has been fixing up
District A lock-out of dimensions was ' . , , . . . .. .
effected " ' a nlce double crossing job, and that
6 Th r thm r.i.,;..i 1 he wants the Mexican jobs. The Mex-
icans were double classed by the I.
W. W. in the Ajo strike and made the
goats there, as well as everywhere
else that they have mixed up with the
organization.
were shocked at the 'suddenness of
the entire affair. They wondered
where it Originated. They wanted to
know the authority on which the
strike was called. They could not con-
cillt&te the excellent local working '
conditions, top wages, 'and a strike
called by a few men; without the
knowledge or approval of the mass of
workingmen in the community. j
Absence of "rouble.
One of the most striking features of
the Bisbee walk-out has been the ab-:
sence of trouble. It iff entirely un-! That people like entertainment was
like former strikes and particularly again proven last evening by a good
where L W. W. have been involved. , attendance at the city park to hear
Only one construction can be placed ' the I- W. W., socialist speaker, James
upon the peace which has prevailed : P. Thompson. For better than an
the strike leaders realized that any i hour the orator trounced present day
efforts to stir up trouble would be met conditions, censured the system
E
EXPECTED TOMORROW
(lew fairly low and the rattle of ma
chine guns was distinctly audible from
the ground.
'None of the Germans had been
brought down when the combatants
disappeared.
Today's attack was nlainlv directed
I against the civilian population and
business and financial buildings. There
is no question that the Germans knew
where they were and it was no matter
of scattering explosives blindly from
a great height. Why more persons
were not killed, is hard to explain.
Thousands were in the streets that
were bombed, but probably a much
larger proportion took shelter in the
solid buildings, taught by the lesson
of June 13.
The upper story of one building.
where several hundred men and girls
were employed, was partly destroyed.
First reports were that great loss of
life had occurred in this building, but
it later developed no one was even in
jured, as all the workers had been
quietly marshalled Into the basement
when the gunfire began. .
Hospital Attacked.
Among the places attacked was one
of the ' most extensive metropolitan
hospitals, from which the Red Cross
flag was flying conspicuously. Early
rumors were abroad that the hospital
had been badly damaged, but investi
gation showed it had escaped entire
ly, although several bombs fell close
to it.
The day's experience showed that
persons in solidly constructed build
ings are comparatively safe, but the
windows of these buildings were today
crowded with young clerks determin
ed not to miss the spectacle at what
ever cost.
The fate of the humble dwellers In
workmens' houses was different They
had no chance for their lives.- The
sight, now familiar to Londonners, of
distracted, sobbing mothers rushins
about the ruins of tenements, fearing
to find, and sometimes finding, the
mangled bodies of their children, was
the most moving incident of the Ger
man victory. Athorough investiga
tion of the results of the battle by
staff correspondents of the Associated
Press 6howed that no military, muni
tions or supply establishments were
touched.
Apparently none was sought, since
the Germans undobutedly well knew
their locations.
Reprisals Demanded.
Five minutes after the explosions
ceased the streets of the district at
tacked were jammed with masses of
humanity. Fire engines, ambulances,
patrol wagons, motors with nurses
and doctors seemed to spring from the
earth. Almost immediately waves of
sightseers from the west end swept
down and seemed to come in droves
throughout the day.
-Anger and determination seemed to
he the dominating sentiments of the
population. One certain result of the
raid will be an increased demand for
reprisal on German cities. Several
members of parliament have already
announced their purpose to raise the
question as soon as the house of com
monts meets.
Age limits IS to 45; if under 21 ap
plicant must have parent or guardi
an's consent.
Physical examination same as for
regular army. Minor defects o" vision
correctable by glasses, will not dis
qualify. If accepted by a unit, the applicant
will be required to enliBt in the Unit
ed States Medical corps when the unit
is mustered into the service.
The enlistment will be for the dura
tion of the war.
From the date of enlistment into the
United States Medical corps, the appli
cant will receive the pay, uniform and
equipment of a V. S. soldier and be
subject to order and discipline as such.
Enlisted men will not be liable to con
Are You One of. Them?
There are a great many people who
would be very much benefited by' tak
ing Chamberlain's Tablets for a weak
or disordered stoma.-... .tb you one
t)f them? Mrs. M. R. Searl, p.aldwins
ville, N. Y., relates her exper.ence in
the use of these tablets: "1 bad a bad
spell with my stomach about six
months ago, and was troubled tor two
or three weeks with gas and severe
pains in the pit of my stomach. Our
druggist advised me to take Chamber
Iain's Tablets. I took a bottle home
and the first dose relieved me w onder
fully, and I kept on taking them until
1 was cured." These tablets g'j not
relieve pain, but after the pain has
been relieved may prevent its recur
rence. Adv.
Nature Needs Assistance
In Keeping You Well
A little help goes a long ways.
ARIZONA RED CROSS
AMBULANCE COMPANY
WILL BEJRGANIZED
(Continued From Page One)
with the mailed fist tne century, indirectly the govern-
Sheriff Harry C. Wheeler, of Co-' nients, but reserved his particular at
chise county, at the very "outset en- tention and what venom he could mus
nunciated his belief with regard to the Ur for the newspapers of Bisbee.
situation. He said that the law must j All comedy is made up of one basic
be upheld; that the production of cop- element pain. The earliest comedy
per, by those who desired to produce known was created when an unfortun
it by working in the mines of the ! ate man was cast into a lion's den.
Warren District, must not be inter-j The people laughed. This principle
fered with.
is behind present day comedy in every
This policy of the sheriff has been respect In order to "get a laugh
firmly adhered to by bis force and has
had the unadulterated support of tht
business men and the wrkinmen,
employed, of the District It has re
sulted in reducing the IJisl-e strike
to a state of mind of some men who
to get the" approval of an audience, it
Is necessary to cudgel the object ol
wrath, physically or mentally. It was
mentally done last evening by Mr.
Thompson and his audience approved
chauffeurs and mechanics, would be
tt necessary, though a knowledge of first
aid will prove of an advantage to any
who wish to join the company. Th)
motor equipment of the ambulance,
company will consist of 12 ambulanc
es, two motor trucks and one tourin;
car, and their service would be be
tween the organizations at the front
and the base hospital, in the transpor
tation of the wounded.
Will Muster In
It is Dr. Bowker's intention to get
the company ready for inspection by
an officer of the medical corps as
soon as possible. As soon as this is
done, the company will he mustered
Into the United States Medical corps
for the period of war and will work di-
! the spectacle. Tim audience enioved
would like to see trouble; who would 1 the epithets hurled at the press and ! reel under the supervision of milifary
like to paralize the copper producing the editors thereof. 'officers and military rules. Immediate-
industry of the country but who real-j Friday night the speaker promised ! ly upon being mustered in, all mem
ize that further efforts a.'.mg militant some illumination ou the subject of i bers of the company will receive the
lines, w'ould result in trouble and com-: the unemployed. Theoretically pleas-' pay of regular army privates, f?0 per
plete loss for the instigators. j ing was his exposition f the subject ! month, with 20 per cent more for lor-
The city marshal and his forces have ; Ptiroly socialistic was its tendant-y, in ' elgn service,
materially aided the sricriff and, but keeping with the o'her tenets ad-' Any men in the district between the
for the picketing, the streets have ' vanced by Mr. Thompson. On the ages of 18 to 43 who are interested in
been free from any semblance of dis-( whole, his talk was a lepetilion of the : becoming members of the company,
orders. I previous night's harangue in which ! are urged to attend the meeting of the
The problem now confronting the he talked of "solidarity, industrial members at the Y. M. C. A. at 7
operators in the district is not one of I revolution, social unrest, starving poo- 'o'clock tomorrow night, when Dr. Bow-
overcoming a strike but of 'overcom- j Pie, the poor" and other platitudes
ing the difficulties left in the trail of I which have no application in the War-
a strike. These are mainly , in buuu
ing up efficiency forces and in restor
ing workings to efficiency. In both
divisions good progress is being made
by Copper Queen and Calumet & Ari
zona. Shattuck has made only small
beginning in that direction. The re
port has been, current that they were j on a norma! basis.
taking no men at the mine just at Today the mines will work
rtn District
More Men to Work.
M.re men reported to work at the
various shafts in the District yesUr
day and there promises to be a Ihtmt
ker and Secretary Richardson will
further explain the purposes of the am
bulance company.
Qualifications.
Following are the- rules governing
enrollment in the company :
Applicant ran be an American cit-
inerease on Monday. Ten days should , izen or subject of any foreign country
see both of the operators producing 1 not an alien enemy.
I J Abiity to speak Kntilish is the only
eduia'Uiiial qualification.
If you would keep your body in a
healthy and robust condition, throb
bing with that splendid vitality that
indicates freedom from all ailments,
first of all see that your blood is
kept pure. Any slight impurity that
creeps into your blood will soon effect
the well-being of your whole system.
A few bottles of S. S. S. will give
just the assistance that nature needs
in keeping the blood absolutely free
of all impurities. This old remedy is
a wonderful purifier and tonic, and
has no equal for keeping the blood
rich and pure. It builds up the ap
petite ana tones up the entire system.
S. S. S. is sold by druggists every
where. It has been successfully used
for more than fifty years, and people
in practically every state testify to
its great worth. Write for booklets
and free medical advice to Swift Spe
cific Co, Dept E Atlanta, Ca.'
-it-. &k
II
i
Yen tan C.t 5 ilflil iit iffVn Mr
put of them by using Gates Half-Sole Tires.
W will put them on for you and change your old tires
into new ones at about one-half the price you would
nave to pay for new tires. "
Your tire comes into our plant, worn and scarred
from service, and we deliver it back to you the same
tire made oversize and with a brand-new non-skid
tread of (resh rubber.- Not a, square Inch of your old
tire will be in sight, ami you will not be able to tell it
from a new tire. - - - - - -
'GATE SATIRES
Are absolutely guaranteed for 3.5IX) mile of wear without a
panctara and many users arc averaging (mm S.CO0 to 10.000 mile.
You cannot get thi kind of guaranteed service horn any lire on the
7!!rlf "j!out Wnf two or three time the cott ..of a Gates
Hall-Sole Tire., ' ' r
LET US SHOW YOU v .
.. Don't throw away another worn tire until you hive Investigated
the Gates Half Sole. If you are paying the tire bills you will be In
terested and we are ready to show you how to keep in vow own
pocket a big part of tne cost oi new tires and get better tire wrv Ice '
than you have ever haj before. We guarantee It . L
LOWELL MOTOR CO. y
Review Want Ads Bring Results
0 M
Reproduced hum an actual puuUv-iajh uken ne&r tot; Brulger, Wyoaj.ig
A. Performance Thai Proved
This is the story )f one of the most rudlin.? tests to which an automobile
was ever subjected.
Remember as you read it that the car was a Series 18 Studebaker taken
fvr.m fa 'dealer's stock, that there were no trained service-men at specially ost-ib-lished
''controls" to care for it, that the trip itself was net "factory planned,"
hat it was just an ordinary, tcur.
, No Special Preparations
On May SiOtli last, this SttidcbaUcr car
left San Fr.uicis'oo as the pilot car for a
or.nirfin of advertising men going to the
Ft. Louis convention.
No special pn-jwirations were ninth ns
far us the car was conccrneth Tin trip
v.-as to!en. Itmj? one but nothing un
usual was expected.
The first twodavs were pleasant and
the roads were Kd.
Seas of 'Dobe Mud .
The third d.ir found the party at
Lovelock, Nevada, in n pourintr rain.
The htrder it raiited, t!e stickier and
more tenacious bec:ii:ie tiie lle mud.
In placts the jxm!s were hultdeep. Thi-i
mud was c n:e:it-like in its con-;istenc
it took a pick and shovel to remove it
front the wheels. Yet the Sttidehaher
ear pu!d sturdily alt2 and r!:oved
nniph ri'-i r. n powr-r for cotulif ions n-'ti
more c.T.cii!!. Thts lasted for three day
until the; reached Salt Lake City.
Over the Rockies in a Blizzard
I.eavinfr Enlt Lake City titer started
0r Kvanston, W ti.'nitiir, traveling the
latter half of the tlst.--me thnuifrh one
t.f the hardest rainstm ins iinr.j;inahle
the road ras wa-dicd out and the ca" had
to find it's ov. : vr.-y over rx-k-i and almi
ledges t!iat seemed it:i)assahle.
?'arlin! fronj I'.vanston f'r F"t
Kri'lser they ran i,uo a hhzard, which
i ' tver levels turned into ram.
; i:C i-iKid was a veritable canal.
t one point they only made nine
miles n live hours (the picture above
shows why).
More Rain and Mud
All the way throuch Colorado the rain
coiitiTiii.- i am! kept up as the car
slrit!rt;hd -.i;h the gumbo mud of
Western K'tnsas.
K.ven between Topek-i and Kansas
C'tv tiie roads were in awful condition.
Arrived in Perfect Running
Condition
At Kmsas C'tr the el mds lifted, the
simi slioue and the rest of the run to St.
I.ouis was made without incident.
Despife its all 'xit tinsuminuntahle ditii
cuiiics the Stuucbaker enr arrived in i-t.
Louis only 2'j hi'urs ttehiml schedule in
ptrlecl ru!in in jt condition antj having only
el.aoeJ one lire during the entire tnn. .
So wf 11 had it come through its terrihh
xperience that the car was driven ori t
Detroit to the 5luil.o.iker factories with
out any ovei iiauiinn; vhatoever.
This performance is further proof of
the remarkable durability of Studebaker
cars a durability that is due t one
tli in 3 only the mechanical perfection
of this splendid automobile.
Any cir that will come through a test
like tins in perfect running co!tt!in
any car that will perform as this ee.e did
is worth yiair serums consideration--y.vj
we it to yur.-e!f to r-et Studeixtk -r
demonstration before you buy any c-tr.
bur ihz i icrc
baker .:: niak.
vut r'rartge in Stut'ebnkcr ir.oc'eis i'is year,
(-(".!; rf tj-ifjtorials aitd l.-tbor irnv toTe Stude
:n ::.J;-r i t?ricci-j at -:ry inv.e 'A -thoi t notice.
Fnar-Cylinfier Mottrt
VOI It It.wHstcr . 3 ;.
FOCIt Tourir.-f V. - .
FOCI: l-aml ni Itiiuiskr . . '.ill
FOl'lt l.vrry-Wrntlipr Car 11
All pw f. o. b. Omroti
ft
Bisbee Auto Company
Six-Cylinder Mnttes
Ph
one
(The Pioneer Garage)
Bisbee, Ariz.
SIX K.wulst.-r . . ! -" '
M Touring r . 1
SIX Landau Komlster V-U
SIX Touriiui Sinlaii . I''"
SIX t'.viit . . K"'t
SIX I.iimiusiur . . itj i)
AH pn s f. a. b. fVcrotf SIX
THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 8, 1917.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK. July 7. The most in
teresting development of the day
publication of the weekly bank state
ment showing an actual expansion of
almost $174.000.0n0 in reserve did
not materialize until after the end of
a dull and meaningless session on the
stock exchange.
The gain in reserves was the larg
est for any one week since the new
national banking laws became opera
tive and probably without precedent
In the history of the local clearing
house.
Total actual excess of reserves now
held by the clearing house aggregated
5278,452.990, against barely $42,000,000
twr weeks aco. In effect. New York
institutions begin the new fiscal year
until highly auspicious conditions.
The stock market was of the usual
week-end character, prices Improving
for the most part on covering of short
contracts. Rails were in far 'better
demand. .
Motors, coppers, equipments and
oils ranged one to five points higher.
United States Steel was firm most of
the short session, but eased off with
allied shares at the close. Total
sales. 220.000 shares.
Bonds were Irregular on narrow
fluctuations. Liberty 3?'s ranged
from 100 1-50 to 100 2-50. Total sales
par value, $1,970,000. u. S. old issues
were lower by fractions to a point on
call during the week. ,
CHICAGO GRAINS.
CHJCACO, July 7 Corn prices burst
all restraint today and reached the
highest level yet after more than a
week of continued overtopping of pre
vious records. Unseasonably cool
weather and virtual exhaustion of tha
slock of corn here had much to do
with bringing about the fresh advance.
Quotations closed nervous. ls to 2
up with September at 156'i to and
December at IIS',4 to y. Wheat fin
ished unsettled at five decline to a
gain of 2 cents. July 207 and Septem
ber 154. Oats were unchanged to 76
higher and provisions varied from 10
down to a rise of 2.
Active buying on the part of com
mission houses swept the corn market
upward from the outset, new offerings
proved to be decidedly scarce, and es
pecially corn sold for Immediate con
sumption or ouick shipment. Number
2 yellow on the sample tables easily
visible from the speculative pit com
manded $1.SS a bushel as against J1.83
yesterday. Interest in the wheat
trade seemed more or less confined to
gxiesps regarding what would be
phown by the government crop on
Monday. It vras not expected, how
ever, that the report would be of a
nature to disturb much, if at all, that
anchorage which notations haveheen
subjected to by prospective tighten
in z of federal control.
Oats made only a moderate response
to the strenrth shown by corn. The
general brieht outlook for the oats
crop seemed to be too much of a
handicap for the bulls and it was evi
dent that export buying had been cur
tailed, i
Provisions gave way with hogs. The
corn bulge resulted In merelv a slight
transient nnturn for lard and ribs.
CLEARING HOUSE REPORT.
NFW YORK. July 7. The actual
condition of clearine house banks and
trust companies for the week (five
davs), shows that they hold S278.452.
990 reserve in excess of legal reouire
mens. This Is an increase of $173,r
38.670 from last week.
WEEKLY STOCK REPORT.
NEW YORK. Julv 7. Waiting on
Washington constituted the chief
drawback of the week in the stock
market. Further delay on the part of
the federal authorities In determining
schedules of taxation on excess prof
its and prices of war supplies account
ed mainly for the lower trend of quo
tations and the pronounced curtail
ment of operations.
Reiection in large part of the de
mands of the railroads for increased
freight rates also acted as a deter
rent. Shares of some railroads re
ceded to lowest Quotations in many
weeks, while St. Paul issues shrank
to minimum price of manv years.
There was much discussion and con
.lecture respecting the steel and iron
Industry, heightened by a reduction of
prices for certain unfinished products
the first downward revision in more
than a year.
The most constructive and signif
icant event of the week. In the opinion
of banking interests, was the rapid
reada'ustment of domestic monetary
conditions to a normal basis. Extra
ordinary demand of the mid-year pro
ceed without strain or interruption
and time and call loans were restored
to the rates which prevailed prior to
the heavy financing.
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 7. Copper quiet ;
electrolytic, spot and nearby 31??33:
third quarter and later deliveries 29
31.
Bar silver 7814.
NEW YORK, July 7. The heavi
ness In the motor and the railroad de
partment of the list was today replac
ed by a decree of firmness and the
same had the effect of imparting
streneth to the list in general. It was
apparent that liquidation has for the
time being spent its force and the
technical position at the close of the
week stronger than last week. The ,
unfavorable side of the situation has
LEASED WIRE
been dilated on Insitently of late and
the feeling seems to be growing that
a turn of events slightly favorable
will be followed by much better pric
es especially in the better class of In
dustrials and railroad issues.
LOGAN & BRYAN.
Closing Quotations, July 7, 1917.
(By L. J. Overlock.)
NEW YORK.
Anaconda 80
American Car 76
.American Can 49
American Locomotive 70
American Smelter 105
American Sugar 1194
Atchison 100
B. & O. 71V.
Baldwin 71
C. & O '. 58
C. F. & I 5114
Canadian Pacific 139
Central Leather 93i
Crucible Steel 87
Distillers 21
Erie 24
Goodrich Rubber
General Motors 112
Industrial Alcohol 157
Mercantile Marine 84$i
Mercantile Marine Pfd 27 "4
Maxwell
Midvale Steel 61
Mexican Petroleum . 99
New York Central 89
Northern Pacific 100
Reading 94
United States Rubber 60
Rep. Steel 91
Slndebaker 58
United States Steel 126
United States Steel Pfd 117
St. Paul j 68
Southern Pacific 92
Sinclair Oil 44
Union Pacific 134
United Fruit 131
United States Metals 60
Westinghouse 50
BOSTON.
Adventure
Allouez
Az. Coml
Alaska
American Zinc ,
Butte
Calumet & Arizona ...
Calumet and Hecla ...
Chief Range
Chino
Easte Butte
Granby
Gold field Consolidated
Gold field ". ...
Hancock
Indiana
Inspiration
Kennecolt
Keweenaw
Lake
LaSalle
Miami
Mohawk ; . .
Mayflower
Nipisslng
North Butte
Nevada
Old Dominion
Osceola
Pond Creek
Quincy
Ray Con
Shattuck
Shannon
Superior Boston
SL Marys
Utah Copper
Utah Consolidated
Winona
i
CURBS.
Arizona and Arkansas ..
Austin Amazon
Big Jim
Big Ledge
Butte & London
Bisbee Copper . . . '
Calumet and Jerome . . .
Cornelia
Curtlss
Denn
Dundee
Emma
Federal Oil
Fortuna
Gadsden
Grand Island
Green Monster
Howe Sound
Hecla
Hull
Inspiration Needles ... ,
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Magma Copper
Magnate
Miami Con
Mons. Chief.
Pitts Jerome
Ray Here
Santa Rita
Tom Reed
Tono Bell
United Eastern
Verde Extension
Verde Combination . . .
Wolvarine Arizona ... .
West End
2
64
13
5
31
40
78
540
61
55
12
82
40
49
14
2
61
44
2
12
3
41
83
2
7
17
22
58
84
25
86
28
25
8
4
78
109
15
3
20
2
1
18
40
18
5
8
2
20
5
8
31
1
42
11
3
99
4
4
37
1
65
OATMAN.
(Ry Collins & Bretherton.)
Bid Ask
Adams 03 .05
Arzona Rex .25
Ariz-Tom R 02 .03
Big Jim 72 .75
Gold Reed .05
Gold Cliff .15
Luck Boy 02 .03
Sunnyside 03 .06
Telluride .20
Tom Reed 99
United Eastern 4.32
STRIKERS, MEDIATORS
AND OPERATORS WILL
MEET THIS MORNING
(Continued From Page One)
league. Judge McBride, before making
any announcement of It.
"I did suggest to Judge McBride.
that, as a matter of record, we should
make and Include in our report the
reason for the- troops having been
brought Into this district. This was
done and we found that they were
sent here to protect property, which
Is a proper function of the military.
"Upon investigation I found that
the troops were performing their du
ties Without Trlction and that the
most friendly attitude existed between
the strikers and the soldiers. A prom
inent strike leader told me today that
the strikers appreciated the courtesy
that Lieutenant Colonel White had
showed them and added that this
treatment was appreciated by them."
Meeting Called Off.
A meeting of the Industrial Work
ers of the World, which was scheduled
for tonight at Bankers' Garden, on the
main street of Globe, was called off
after Sheriff Tom Armer had taken a
banner away fro ma sandwich man
who was carrying it and which bore
the announcement of the meeting. To
night ex-Governor Hunt said the lead
ers of the I. W. W. had consulted with
him regarding the meeting and said
he sad advised them not to hold their
meeting at this time because of the
state of public feeling.
The Loyalty league, composed cf
the leading citizens of Globe, held an
other meeting tonight to perfect its
organization. At the meeting last
night this organization adopted strong
resolutions. condemning the I. W. W.
activities. One of the purposes of
this meeting being called tonight was
to make Inquiry into the report that
Hunt had recommended the withdraw
al of troops, but when it was learned
that he had made no such recommen
dation, this was not brought up. How
ever, telegrams were sent from here.
Phoenix and Bishee to Brigadier Gen
eral James Parker, commander of the
southern military department, and to
Arizona's representatives in Washing
ton, urging that troops be left here
for the present.
Conditions Quiet.
Strike leaders said tonfght a pro
posal had been made to the members
of the International Union of Mine,
Mill and Smelter Workers that they
wear a hadee to distinguish them from
the I. W. W. members. In order that
the I. W. W. agitators might be made
to leave town. This proposal was
rrprlitorl in tr T stva tv loacrun Hilt vac!
denied by a leading organizer of the
league.
Conditions continued quiet here
throughout the day and tonight in
spite of the strike. The only trouble
that occurred was at School Hill, near
the Old Dominion mine, when Austri
ans engaged in a free-for-all fight fol
lowing an argument over a board bill.
One was shot in the leg. another sev
eral times in the body and a third cut
with a knife. Four were arrested by
soldiers, turned over to the sheriff's
force, and the man who was shot in
the leg was taken to the hospital.
The trouble had no bearing on the
strike and was in no sense a riot, the
crowd of idly curious onlookerAiav
Ing been quickly dispersed by a de
tachment of soldiers.
REGIMENT OF RUSSIAN
WOMEN GOES TO FRONT
PETROGRAD, July 7. Under com
mand of Lieutenant Mademoiselle
Vera ButchkarefT, the women's war
battalion, fully armed and equipped
as infantry, left today for the front
Before their departure, the women
soldiers appeared in military forma
tion before the Kazen Cathedral where
a solemn religious service was held.
The American ambassador. Dr. Fran
cis, was ambng the officials present
An officer representing the com
mander of the Petrograd military, dis
trict wished the women soldiers
glory in their struggle with the foes
of Russian freedom. Large crowds of
citizens gave ovation to the battalion
as it marched to the railway station
and a committee of the League l'jr
Equal Rights for Women bade fare
well to their sisters under arms.
United Western 02
Red Lion .20
OTHER CURBS. '
Gadsden 2.00 2.06
Green Monster 94 1.00
Butte London 13 .15
Dundee 87 1.12
Venture Hill .10
Pitts-Jerome r.O .87
Jerome Verde 1.50 1.56
Ark-Arizona 20 .22
Jerome Portland .33
Ins-Needles 06 .18
Hull Copper 31 .38
Magma Chief 37 .50
Wolvarine-Arizona 1.75 2.00
Miami Mother Lode .50
Verde Combination 50 .75
Miami Consolidated 11 .14
Bisbee Copper 25 .37
Butte Arizona .05
Santa Cruz Bisbee .27
Jerome Daisy .50
Naeozarl Consolidated ... .42
Verde Apex .17
Calumet Oil .32
Feather River Oil .16 j
NOTICE TO
SICnVO&iEN
Positive Proof That Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound Relieves
Suffering.
Bridgeton.N. J. "I cannot Bpeak too
highly of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegeta
ble Compound lor
inflammation and
other weaknesses. I
was very irregular
and wouid have tcr
riblo pains S3 that I
could hardly take a
step. Sometimes 2
would be so misera
ble that I could not
sweep a room. I
doctored part of the
time but felt no
cbrnge. I later took Lydia E. Pinii.
ham's Vegetable Compound and soon
felt a change for tho better. I took it
until I was in good healthy condition.
1 recommend the Pinkham. remedies to
all women as I have used them with such
good results.' Mrs. Milford T. Cum
mincs, 322 Harmony St, Perm's Grove,
X J.
Such testimony should be accepted by
el! women as convincing evidence of
tbe excellence of Lydib 2. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound as a remedy for
the distressing ills of women such as
displacements,infiammBtion, ulceration,
backache, painful periods, nervousness
and kindred ailments.
Ore House of Lost
Dollar Mine Burns
(By Kevlew Leased Wire)
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo., July 7.
Fire caused by, lightning today de
stroyed the ore house at the Last Dol
lar mine here, causing a loss estimat
ed at $25,000. The loss includes $154
000 worth of new machinery which
had just been installed In the build
ing. A ton of dynamite burned with
out exploding.
EXPEDITION READY
(Continued From Page One)
nies with a deluge of letters that must
pass through a censorship.
This morning a military funeral was
held for the only man who has died
since the American troops arrived
here. He was a ttat swain's mate,
who was drowned when he fell over
board from a launch.
LEGAL NOTICES
ELENITA DEVELOPMENT COM
PANY. List of Stock Certificates to be Sold
at Public Auction for Non-payment
of Calls or Assessments.
To the Stockholders:
Notice is hereby given that at the
annual meeting f the stockholders
duly held at Bisbee, Arizona, on Tues
day, April 10, 1917, the following corpo
rate action was taken in accordance
with the statutes of Arizona and with
the by-laws of the company:
"WHEREAS, the stock records and
books of this company show that there
are due and paid and delinquent calls
tr assessments amounting to $3,576.00
upon the certain shares of capital
stock of this company, as shown by
the above list, and It is deemed advis
able by the stockholders that said
shares of stock be forfeited and be
sold at public auction in accordance
with the statutes of Arizona, and In
order to provide funds In part to pa
the existing indebtedness of this com
pany, commence development and ex
ploratory work upon the properties of
its subsidiary company and for taxes,
upkeep and other general corporate
purposes : now, therefore.
Resolved, (1), That the secretary of
this company be, and he hereby is. au
thorized, empowered, and directed
forthwith to make and file In his office
due proof and affidavit of service of
the notices above reported, upon each
of said delinquent stockholders: and
Resolved (2). That upon making and
filing of said proof of service upon
said delinquent stockholders, all of the
shares of the capital stock of this com
pany upon which calls or assessments
are past due. delinquent and unpaid,
shall be. and the same hereby are, de
clared forfeited on the 30th day of
June ,1917. at 12 o'clock noon: and
Resolved (3). That the said shares
of the capital stock of this .company so
declared forfeited shall be sold at pub
lic auction on the 31st day of
July, 1917. at 10 o'clock In the fore
noon thereof, at the general office of
of the company. Suite 3300. No. 120
Broadway, In the City of New York
and State of New York: and that the
secretary be, and he hereby Is, author
ized, empowered and directed at said
time and place, to sell such shares and
all thereof at public auctoin; and
Resolved (4), That the secretary be,
and he hereby Is. authorized, empow
ered and directed to duly notify all
such stockholders of record owning
said shares on which calls are due. un
paid and delinq'ient. and of said for
feiture and sale, and to conduct said
sale In accordance with the laws and
statutes of Arizona, such notice to the
stockholders to be given by mailing
the same to them, postage prepaid, ad
dressed to said stockholders at their
last places of residence as the game
iPilil
!
appear upon the books of the com
pany." The records of the company show
the following stock certificates, upon
which the following calls are past due
and unpaid:
Call or assessment made July 25,
1908, of $1.00 per share:
Certificate
Name No. Shares. Amt
C. C. Crawford 106 20 $20.00
Floy Douglas 26 20 20.00
Call or assessment made January 30,
1909, of $2.00 per fhare:
Certificate
Name No. Shares. Amt
C. C. Crawford 106 20 $40.00
Floy Douglas 26 20 40.00
Dwight E. Wood
bridge B 18 100 200.00
Call or assessment made July 15,
1910, of $1.00 per share:
Certificate
Name No. Shares. Amt
A. L. Agatin 375 50 $50.00
Bessie T. Bankerd..517 10 10.00
.1. F Bankerd 518 15 15.00
J. F. Bankerd 519 25 25.00
Carl Behn 146 15, 15.00
Carl Behn 355 25 25.00
James Bell 10 20 20.00
J. S. Bishop ..148 10 10.00
Geo. Brosseau 139 50 50.00
Geo. Brosseau 162 50 EO.OO
Geo. Brosseau 163 20 20.00
Geo. Brosseau 179 50 50.00
Geo. Brosseau . ....180 50 50.00
Geo. Brosseau . ....181 50 50.00
Geo. Brosseau 189 5 5.00
Geo. Brosseau 204 20 20.00
Geo. Brosseau 206 20 20.00
Geo. Brosseau 208 50 EO.OO
Geo. Brosseau . ..,..226 10 10.00
Will C. Brown, Mgr..396 25 25.00
Will C. Brown, Mgr..403 5 5.00
B. J. Cook 279 50 50.00
Winifred Cbombs ..448 40 40.00
C. C. Crawford 106 20 20.00
Jos. E. Curry 384 25 25.00
Jos. E. Curry... 385 25 25.00
Jos. E. Curry 386 25 25.00
Jos. E. Curry 387 25 25.00
Jos. E. Curry 409 25 25.00
Jos. E. Curry 410 25 25.00
Jos. K Curry.... '...411 25 25.00
Jos. E. Curry 412 25 25.00
Jos. E. Curry 415 25 25.00
Jos. E. Curry. ,i 529 100 100.00
Jos. E. Curry..' 530 100 100.00
Jos. E. Curry 531 100 100.00
Jos. E. Curry 532 100 100.00
Jos. E. Curry 533 100 100.00
Jos. E. Curry ...534 100 10.000
Jos. E. Curry 535 100 100.00
Albert J. Davey 265 10 10.00
Geo. Dawe 435 40 40.00
W. F. Doherty. jr.. . 28 20 20.00
Ffty Douglas 26 20 20.00
A. W. Ecker 31 20 20.00
Chas. Grabowsky ..210 50 50.00
Frank J. Graf 489 10 10.00
Frank J. Graf.... '..490 10 10.00
Frank J. Graf 494 10 10.00
Frank J. Graf 495 10 10.00
W. B. Gohring 429 50 50.00
James T. Hale....B 27 50 50.00
H. T. Hamilton 380 25 25.00
H. T. Hamilton 381 25 25.00
H. T. Hamilton 382 25 25.00
II. T. Hamilton 383 25 25.00
Seth E. Hazzard 48 75 75.00
F. J. Jack 52 20 20.00
BatLeary.' 59 20 20.00
C. I. McReynolds... .456 100 100.00
Will E. McKee....B 50 25 25.00
Wm. E. McKee 271 25 25.00
Geo. H. Mance. . 134 50 50.00
Edward J. Maney..B 51 50 50.00
Edward J. Maney... 421 50 50.00
Edward J. Maney .423 50 50.00
Geo. W. Merrill 108 20 20.00
W. F. Nash 445 25 25.00
Lemuel J. Overlock.. 228 5 5.00
Lemuel J. Overlock..247 50 50.00
Lemuel J. Overlock..252 -5- 5.00
Lemuel J. OverIock..262 10 '10.00
Lemuel J. Overlock..351 5 5.00
Lemuel J. Overlock.,364 25 25.00
Lemuel J. Overlock.,472 25 25.00
Lemuel J. Overlock..480 10 10.00
Paine, Webber &
Co ..308 100 100.00
Paiire, Webber &
Co 318 100 100.00
Martha A. Phillips.. 74 50 50.00
li. W. Powell 344. 1 1.00
Peter E. Rupp; 258 25 25.00
Paul Stevens 371 50 50.00
Paul Stevens 524 25 25.00
Paul Stevens 525 25 25.00
Paul Stevens 526 50 50.00
Paul Stevens 223 25 25.00
Dwight E. Wood
bridge ,..B 18 100 100.00
Dwight E. Wood
bridge B 19 50 50.00
Total .
..$3,576.00
Pursuant to the above resolutions
adopted by the stockholders, the above
mentioned shares are declared duly
forfeited on June 30, 1917, at twelve
o'clock noon, and ordered to be sold
at public auction on July 31, 1917, at
ten 'o'clock In the mornrins thereof,
at the office of the company. Suite
3300, No. 120 Broadway, New York
City, N. Y.
Prior to date of sale, the shares of
capital stock so declared forfeited and
ordered sold can be redeemed "by the
payment of the amount of the call,
with interest at the rate of six per
cent per annum from the time when
such call became due.
Address all communications to F. R.
Kennedy. Secretary, Suite 3300, No.
120 Broadway, New York City. N. Y.
Remittances must be In New York ex
change. The stock certificates should ac
company the remittances, st that the
endorsement of the call can be made
on the same.
By order of the stockholders.
FREDERICK R. KENNEDY,
Secretary.
Dated. New York City, N. Y., May
31. 1917.
The Western
For
Is furnishing power to more companies In
Arizona, most efficiently, most economi
cally, than probably any other make of
engine.
The reason is the Reliability, the Sim
plicity. Durability and Efficiency of the
Western.
It is the highest embodiment of all
these the features most appreciated by
mining men.
Schweitzer
MINJNG, IRRIGATION
135 So. Sixth Ave.
Tucson, Arizona.
To the Public
The Citizens Protective League offers its
moral and financial support to the boarding
houses and restaurants in the Warren District
that are providing lunches for the miners
working, or who are willing to work, at the
present time or in the future.
CITIZENS' PROTECTIVE LEAGUE.
Review Want
Huge Profits
Taking a chance intelligently in copper mining pays
huge profits. One wide-awake, intelligent look at the
map will show you why certain men are buying Great
Verde Extension shares at FIFTY CENTS.
INITED OV JEROME SJ -
VERDE 'Y COPPER I M co"
k COPPER ,'C S. COMPANY L'-lv VCRDEj y.P
'is. i , onnow one r rue totAT
fy V' V i; ... ?pk tttHOt LXTin-SiO
UNITED VERDE
EXTENSION
Earning about
$7SO.OOO
mortal?
UNITED VERDE
Earning about
SI. 000.000
Bxathljr
JEROME VERDE
km struck
27 per cont
capper glaac
Great Verde Extension is the very center of the greatest and
most important activities in new copper mining development in th
entire state of Arizona.
Grouped around it are the Calumet and Arizona. Jerome Verde.
Verde Combination. Jerome Del Monte. Jerome Superior. United
Verde Extension and others, all putting hundreds of thousands of
dollars into sinking new shafts.
Every foot of their work increases the value of the Great Verde
Extension shares. The time to buy Is right now. See our local
agent.
CHAS. II. PRAHL, BUbte Agent
GREAT VERDE EXTENSION
SYNDICATE
General Offices. Second Floor Chamber of
Phoenix, Commerce Building. Arizona
Engine
Mining
LET US
SEND YOU
CATALOGUE
AND
DATA SHEETS.
machine Co.
AND POWER MACHINERY
326-334 E. Washington
Phoenix, Arizona.
7
Ads for Results
300 FT. IN GREAT VERDE
EXTENSION WILL EQUAL
TSO ft. ia Dwdw Arte
1050 ft. Im Jmw-Varit
1200 ft. ia U. V. Ettwil
1400 ft. la U. V. EiMntoa
1SOO ft. la Uait4 Yard
DUNDEE-ARIZ.
Now skipping
4 to S nor coat
coppar fraaa hiu
surfaco atpoart
GREAT VERDE
EXTENSION
NEXT IN LINK
FOR
THE ORE THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 8, 1917.
SEVEN
."J
;1
-
: t
1
X";
7A
J
1
i,
i
Review Want Ads
Advertisement wider tno Vead
arae with a minimum charf of 26
Eevlew office not later than 4 p. m.
Wanted
XNTONE knowing the whereabouts of
itlss Hattie Sumpter kindly com
municate with W. Randall, 1900 Fol
some street, San Francisco. 373
CIVIL SERVICE examinations Blsbee
soon. Thousand war vacancies.
Men and women desiring govern
ment positions, departmental, post
bffice, railway mall, customs, write
for free particulars to J. C. Leon
ard (Former Government Examiner)
Kenois Bldg., Washington. 553
WANTED Employment, pipe fitting
or garage. Apply C. H. Review.
555
WANTED Situation, young woman,
hbusework or taking care of chil
dren; experienced. H. T. R. Re
view. 580
WANTED Small furnished house;
state location, advantage and rent,
or no attention will be paid. C. W.
A., Review. 677
WANTED Maid for general h'ouse
work. Phone 683. 681
, WANTED Girl to do house work half
day only. Max Bernheim, Boulevard
Stop, Warren. Phone Red 758. (593)
WANTED Furniture and oil
Box 1397.
stove.
594
WANTED Situation, female. Compe
tent practical nurse, clerk or doctor's
assistant desires employment; Cali
fornia references. H. E. M., Review
office.' 529
WANTED By young lady, position as
cashier. E. G., Review. 532
WANTED Set of books to keep after
working hours; terms reasonable.
R. E. B, Review. 548
WANTED Man to work in testing and
repair department Apply Bisbee
"Naco Water Co. 504
THE Government needs Farmers as
well as Fighters. Two million three
hundred thousand acres of Oregon &
California Railroad Co. Grant Lands.
Title revesting iu United States. To
be opened for homesteads and sale.
Containing some of best land left in
United States. Large Copyrighted
Map, showing land by sections and
description of soil, climate, rainfall,
elevations, temperature, etc., post
paid One Dollar. Grant Lands Lo
cating Co., Portland, Oregon. - 507
WAJCT TO RENT Unfurnished
house, four to six rooms;, Quality
Hill or near to Loretto school. See
J. M. McFarland, Review office, alter
7 p. m. dh
WANTED A middle-aged woman with
no children to do general housework
for family of two. Naco Grocery,
Naco. 462
WANTED Young lady cashier and
bookkeeper; must be quick at fig
ures and accurate. P. O. Box 547.
' . . 455
WANTED -Chambermaid at Copper
Queen Hotel. 298
WANTED Bellboy wanted at Copper
Queen hotel. 911
For Sale
,1
FOR SALE Twenty head of cattle
and ten or twelve calves. Write M.
D Review. . 235
FOR SALE Newport Hotel, Douglas,
Arizona, newly furnished; of twen
ty jtxms; netting five hundred per
month; terms; reason for selling,
sickness. 804 G Ave. 579
FURNITURE FOR SALE The John
son Addition Furniture Co. waaU
to pay you the highest cash prices
for your second Lud furniture. AI
so wants to trade or exchange you
new furniture for your old. We will
ell you furniture cheaper than
anybody on easy payments. Call
In at the big brick building at the
Johnson Addition and let as show
you our large and selected stock of
bouse furnishings, or phone us at
oar store. Phone 385. Johnson Ad
dltion. - . .
ETEY DINK They Couldn't
V I Ml I vdOJ WriNrt-'- -r ( aim I I -i tA i r I i r ?A?$ TT in -
at the rate of 1 cent pr word for each
cenU. Advertisements mnst reach The
tor Insertion in the next morning paper.
For Sale.
RANCH FOR SALE 200 acres at St.
David; six-room house, barn, store
houses, artesian well lVr house, gar
den and orchard, fine shade, four
shares in Canal, sixty acres cleared
and cultivated; location right in
town of St. David; adjoining lands
selling for $100 an acre; $4000 buys
this if sold at once; $1000 down and
the balance at the end of five years
with interest at eight per cent; one
year's crop of alfalfa will pay for it;
five years will double the value of
it Dtm't'klck anyone but yourself
if you let the other fellow beat you
to it Address L. E. Woolery, Tomb
stone, Arizona.
FOR SALE A spiall cook stove,
cheap. Cemetery. 578
FOR SALE: Close to Bisbee. a well
improved ranch; good well, dairy
and poultry buildings. C. E. Drul
lard, Naco, Arizona. 457
FOR SALE 1916 Dodge, motor re
built; guaranteed A-l condition; two
.new rear tires and eight inner
eubes. For information and demon
stration call at Long Trail Garage,
Johnson Addition. 546
FOR SALE Four rooms and bath,
completely furnished. Inquire at
207 Black Knob View street War
ren. 508
FOR SALE Furniture for three
rooms. 35 Quality Hill. 512
FOR SALE: Good paying root beer
stand. T. E. A Review. 502
FOR SALE Fresh cow, six years old.
E. Hewtit, Spring gulch, Tombstone
canyon. 513
FOR SALE: The most complete bun
galow in Arizona; has four large
rooms, bath, sreen porch, and built
in breakfast room, fireplace, book
cases, buffer, oak floor, beam ceiling,
and paneled walls in front room;
$1,200 cash handles this; balance
easy payments. Located opposite
first car stop in Warren, or see F.
J. Tayror at boarding house. Cole
Bldg., Warren. This house must be
seen to be appreciated. No agents.
'545
1
FOR SALE 1916 Ford, $190.00 cash;
also five-room modern house and
lot in Warren. Inquire M. S. Krebs,
Palace undertaking parlors. 535
SPENCER Corsets are recommended
by physicians. Mrs. V. W. Marshall,
Agt Tel. 680. 503
FOR SALE 27 acres, all in cultiva
tion, under Elephant Butte dam;
small house and orchard; cheap,
terms. Might consider trade. For
further information, address Box
175, Las Cruces, N. M. 505
For Rent
FOR RENT 2-room house and furni
ture for sale cheap. Mrs. C. M.
Ligon, Cochise Row. - 589
FOR RENT Five-room furnished
house in Warren. Phone Black 316
537
FOR RENT A garage at Henkle flats.
Apply Warner dining room. Mrs. L
F. Merrill. 486
FOR RENT Four-room house, com
pletely furnished. A. F. C, Review.
518
FOR RENT Four room house. 97
Upper Lowell. ' 556
LOSi
LOST Wednesday, on Douglas road
casing and inner tube. Please re
. turn Review Office. Reward. 30!
LOST $30 in bills. Return to Review-and
receive reward. 596
LOST Pocket book containing money
and gold cuff buttons. Finder maj
keep money, but please return but
. tons; given Vo owner as a present
Return to H. L McCoy or Review.
'590
REVIEW WANT. ADS
BRING QUICK RE8ULTS
Have Found Safer Places
l l
JK7
5 1 II I J I i ft M 1 jyK --1
I J A i I II 1 Ji 1 K . -jJ.-' ' - II' 1 .Lf . MlC -.
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms,
also rooms for men. Clement House
back Lumber Yard, Brewery Ave.
597
FOR RENT Rooms,
store. South Bisbec.
Apply grocery
554
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping cr batching rooms; just the
thing for three or four men. 117
School Hill, Red Cottage, b.'ock
north High School. 599
FOR RENT Furnished 3 housekeep
ing rooms; also 2 rooms furnished;
new house. 224 School Hill. (59S)
FOR RENT Three housekeeping
rooms; also one sleeping room.
Quality Hill, back of Doyle House.
Mrs. Whelan. 601
FOR RENT Nicely furnished front
room with bath, 35 Quality Hill.
Telephone R-718. 600
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 124 Quarry Canyon.
587
FOR RENT Cool rooms, furnished,
for sleeping, batching 'or housekeep
ing. Custom House. 595
FOR RENT 2 completely furnished
housekeeping rooms. Quality Hill,
back of Doyle House. Mrs. Arygle.
582
GOLDEN HOTEL Outside windows
and running water in all rooms.
Rates reasonable, by the day, week
'or month. ' 588
FOR RENT Two light furnished
housekeeping rooms, lights, water
and gas. 163 Opera Drive. 544
FOS RENT Two furnished rooms for
.housekeeping; no children. Anna
Murphy. 218 High road. 522
FOR RENT Furnished rooms for
housekeeping; modern; close in;
one block north of High school. 189
Temby avenue. 530
FOR RENT Three housekeeping
rooms. 102 Higgins Hill. 533
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms,
three minutes from postoffice. 81
School Hill. 534
FOR RENT Housekeeping, sleeping
and batching rooms, at Gasson
house. 35 School Hill. 539
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms,
with water. Apply J. C. McCunniff.
Jones Hill. 543
FOR RENT Two rooms, furnished.
30 Johnson avenue, J'ohnsou Add.
. 517
FOR RENT Clean furnished room.
, Kanard flat back of High school.
James Allan. 497
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished rooms
$2.00 per week and up. 405
To Exchange
WANTED To exchange an oil stove,
trunk, auto trunk and electric fan
for furniture. Phone Black 420.
591
WILL EXCHANGE A 25-arre ranch,
artesian wells and under the Canal,
good house and all cleared and cul
tivated, within one mile of above
ranch, for a dwelling-house in War
ren District of the value f $1200,
and give eight years with payments
of $100 a year on the balance. Ad
dress L. E. Woolery, Tombstone,
Arizona. 552
Miscellaneous
COX CO. loans $5 to $50 without se
curity to men or women in perma
nent positions. Nt honest wage
earner refused, easiest weekly oi
monthly payments, cheapest rates
also loans on furniture, piaffos, etc
Confidential, quick service. See uf
if you need money. New Lyric
Theatre Bldg., Room 2, Phone 794
821
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for al
kinds of work In our line. Pat Clea
. ry, manager Box 1495. Phone 720
50,000 to loan on improved city prop
erty or for building, on easy terms
of payment. T. A. Hughes, ovei
Bank o. Bisbee. 69?
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING QUICK RESUtTf
i I
!N0 SUPPLIES FOR HOME
GUARDS IN ARIZONA
Government Wil Not Furnish
Arizona Home Guards 1
With Supplies of Arms and
Ammunition.
Government aid in arming and oth
jerwise outfitting "home guard" organi
. zations will not be available to Arizo
!na citizen-military bodies, according to
a telegram from Secretary of War
Baker received at the otuee of Gov
jernor Campbell in the stale house in
' Phoenix.
An erroneous impression having
been gain by "home guard" organ iza
tions in this state regarding the provi-
' sions of the recent act of congress
whereby money was appropriated to
'outfit citizen military bodies, many
' applications have been received by the
war department for arms and equip-
ment which have been refused, the
j reason or which refusal is not thor
, oughly understood,
j The act of congress, passed some
i ten days ago, appropriated money, a
i part of which was made available to
home guard organizations, enabling
them to secure arms and equipment.
1 However, it was limited only to those
troops actually taking the part of state
' police or constabulary, to whom would
' be furnished a limited number of
Springfield 45 rifles and cartridges,
. the rifles being a model discarded by
the regular army and national guard.
I Especially is the government aid lim
ited to those citizen organizations in
district where there, are large manu
t facturing institutions .which might be
'engaged in the work for the govern
' ment.
To such organizations, on the rec
ommendation of the governor arms
'and other equipment will be furnished.
Word comes from the state house how
ever that not "home guard" organi
' zations in Arizona come within these
provisions, and therefore must secure
. their arms from other sources.
Five large ships plying between Bos
ton 'and England are included in last
i
(week's submarine losses. They are:
: Cunarder Ullonia, Buffalo of WilsoiJ
j line, Haverford, Manistee and Miami
! under charter to Cunard line. Value
i of vessels and cargoes is estimated
'at $13,000,000.
Miscellaneous
j THE Blackburn System is the quickest
! and most thorough taught anywhere.
Including Dress-cutting, Designing.
Pattern-making and Dressmaking.
I The full course will make you pro
I ficient and equip you to teach these
branches. Room 4, Maze Bidg., Miss
Grant 926
LEliAL NOTICES
NOTICE TO CREDIT6RS.
In the Superior Court iu the County
of Cochise, State of Arizona.
Estate of Martin Mulroe, Deceased.
Notice is hereby given by the un
dersigned Administrator of the Estate
of Martin Muli'oe, deceased, to the
creditors of and all persons' having
claims against the said deceased, to
exhibit them, with the necessary
vouchers within four months after the
first publication of this notice to the
said Administrator at the law offices
of Williams &. Flanigan, Allen Block,
Bisbee. Arizona, the same being the
place tor the transaction 'of the busi
ness of said estate, in said County of
Cochise.
MICHAEL MULROE,
Administrator of the Estate of Mar
tin Mulroe, Deceased.
Dated Bisbee, Arizona, this 29th day
of June, 1917.
First publication July 1, 1917.
Adv. 376
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
In the County of Cochise, State of
Arizona.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
Estate of Rose H. Sanborn, de
ceased. Notice is hereby given by the un- J
der signed, administrator of the estate
of Rose II. Sanborn, deceased, to the
creditors of and all persons having i
clain s against the said deceased, to ;
exhibit them, with the necessary ;
--
vouchers, within four ninths after
tue first publication of this notice to
the said administrator at the Law Of
lices of Sam H. Kyle, BUDee, Arizona,
the same being the place lor the
transaction of the business of said
J estate, in said county of Cochise.
a. v. sanbokn.
Administrator of the estate of K'jse
II. Sanborn, deceased.
Dated Bisbee, Arizona, this 7th day
of July, 1917.
First publication July 8. 1917.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
In the County cf Cochise, State of
Arizona.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
Estate of Joe I'oloski, deceased.
Notice is hereby given by the un
dersigned, administrator of the estate
of Joe Poloski, deceased, to the cre
ditors of and all persons having claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit
them, with the necessary vouchers
within four months after tue first
publication of this notice to the said
Administrator at the Law Offices of
Sam H. Kyle, Bisbee, Arizona, the
I same being the place for the transac
tion of the business of said estate,
in said County of Cochise.
JOHN BEREZANSKI,
Administrator of the estate of Joe
Poloski, deceased.
Dated Bisbee, Arizona, this 7th day
of July. 1917.
First publication July 8. 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
(Republication.)
Department of the Interior, U. S. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, June 30,
1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Caleb
A. Newman, of Hereford. Arizona, who,
on February 11, 1911, made Homestead
Entry No. 013306 for SE. 1-4; and on
Sept. 2, 1915, made Addl. Entry No.
028208 for SE. 1-4. SW. 1-4, No.
l'or ..., Section 33, Township 22
S., Range 20 E., G. & S. R. B. & Mer
idian, has filed notice of intention to
make Five Year Proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 7th
day of August 1917
Claimant names as witnesses: Roy
A. Newman, James W. Haverty, Joel
P. Steele, John F. Ashworth, all 'oi
Garces, Arizona.
J. L. IRV1N,
Register.
First publication, July 7, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
V. S. Land Office at Phoenix. Arizona.
May 21, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Floy
Wesley Sperow, of Hereford, Arizona,
who. on August 26. 1912, May 9. 1914.
made Homestead Entries, No. 019000.
So. 025072, for SE. 1-4, NE. 1-4, SW.
1-4, Lots 3 and 4, SE. 1-4, NW. 1-4, Sec
tion 1, Township 23 S., Range 21 E., G
& S. R. B. & Meridian, has filed no
tice of Intention tt make three-year
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, b.'fore W. A. Fowler,
U. S. Commissioner, at Tombstone.
Arizona, on the 12th day of July, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses: Rob
ert Reay, of Hereford, Arizona; G. J.
McCabe, of Hereford, Arizona; C. V.
ISoardman, of Garces, Arizona; C. D.
Lesuer, of Hereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication June 9, 1917.
Last publication July 12, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
May 21, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Rob
ert Reay, Jr., of Hereford, Arizona,
who, ln November 5. 1913, August 12,
1914, made Homestead Entries No.
023692, No. 025586, for NW. 1-4 and
NK. 1-4, Sections 11 and 10, Township
23 S., Range 21 E., G. & S. R. B. &
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make three-year proof, to establiso
claim to the land above described, be
fore W. A. Fowler, U. S. Conimissilm
er, at Tombstone, Arizona, on the 12tb
day of July. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses: loy
Wesley Sperow, of Hereford, Arizona;
G. J. McCabe, of Hereford, Arizona;
C. B. Bourdwaii, of Garces, Arizona; C
D. Lesuuur, lit Hereford, Arizona..
J. L IRVIN.
Register.
First publication June 9, li.
Last publication July 12. 1917.
u i j
- 7
i
I
...Lodge
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
AW&
ts- f-M ty
ja-joV'--'
leets every Friday night, Moose Hall,
isiting brothers cordially invited.
V. R. TONKIN, Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medigoicb
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each mocth
Visiting brothers we!
come.
I M. C. or.NTON, Councillor.
jj. L. BENTON. Recording Secretary
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
I O. I NO. 210.
Meets in L O
O. F . Hall sec
ond and fourth
SATURDAY
at 7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend. GEO. SLEKMAN, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Hal:
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meet
fyJL in Masonic Hall second and
fy fourth Tuesday of each
dL month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS. W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box 841. Bisbee
MRS JESSE BE VAN, Sec'y. P. O. Bx
2299, Chairman Relief Com. Phone 161.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first and third
Thursdays at 7:30 . m.
In Morll (rrtf 1 1 K Hall All
llVjJJ visiting Red Men invitee
to attend.
, Wm. DELBRIDGE, Sachem.
! W. D. COHEN, Medicine Man
I F. C. FENDERSON, C. of R- j
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA :
Bisbee Camp No. 13415 i
Meets first Tuesday at .
Odd Fellows HalL 1
R. L MOT7. ConyiL I
H. F. MiTHEWSON. I
Clerk ;
BISBEE LODGE, No. 10, I. O. O. F.
Meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows Hall.
Main street at 7:00 p. m. Visiting
brother's cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
CARL V. NELSON, N. O.
G. A. PLUNKETT, Secretary.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee-Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E., meets
first and third MONDAYS, 8. p. m.
Eagles Hall. Visitors cordially wel
come.
RICHARD DAVIS, President
M. D. COHEN. Aerie Physician
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Bropby UalL
J. L. WINTERS, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk
AU woodmen invited.
BISBEE CO. NO. 5, U. R. K. OF P.
Drill Practice every Thursday at
6:30 p. ui. at I. O. O. F. Hall, side
arms, uniforms optional.
H. G. APPLIN. Captain.
WILLIAM DELBRIDGE, Rictordie.
KNIGHTS A LADIES OF SECURITY
BISBEE COUNCIL. NO. 2115.
Meets every Thursday at Union
iall 8 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited. C. A. Clem, Pres..
Box 1"23 Bisbee.
Frederick J. Attaway, Sec, Lowell.
E. LinquJst, fiuaLcier, box 33246, Low
ell;
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets in Medigovich Hall 2nd and
4th Kridavs of each month.
HATTIE A. LUKE, Guardian.
PAULINE F. BROWN, Clerk
P. O. Box 621. i
a
CI
r
I
i enes. dcac a iHcn
V' i l-V.'t TWO XSJ 1 9
Notices..
WEEK ENDING JULY 14, 1917
M'onday 3rd Degree.
Tuesdar
Wednesday 3rd Degree.
Thursday
Friday 3rd Degree.
Saturday
C. BLEDSOE, W. M.
T. WATKINS, Secy. F. A. M.
M. COLWELL, E. H. P.
F. PHILBROOK. T. L M.
E. FRY, E. C.
F S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chapter
and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge No. 10.
Knlghta of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) In Odd
Fellows' HaU at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brother
-ordlally invited.
EARL SOBL C. a
J. C. iwGBAUM, K. of R. 8.
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTH ERHOOO
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Odd Fel
lows' HaU. Vilt-
I tog members cordially Invited.
PHIL. DAVIS, President
MRS. C. E. F1NOTTL Treasurer.
Boz 722. Tel. 236, Red.
KATHERINE SALHOLM. Secretary.
LODGE NO. 671.
; Regular meeting first and third FrV
! day of eaon month. Visiting brothers
) cordially invited to attend.
R E. WARNER, Exalted Ruler,
j J. A. KELLY. Secretary.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple, No. 3. meets every 2nd
j ana 4th Thursday evening cf each
month at Odd Fellows' Hall. Visiting
S sisters are cordially Invited.
, ANNA HART. M. E. C.
! JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. C
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
and
JACK BUILDING
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
DR. W. A. KINGSLEY (Oculist)
Specialist
EYE. EAR. NOSE and THROAT.
Several years' experience in Lon
don. Berlin. Paris, Vienna. Deco
rated by King of Roumania in 1913.
Office. 122 No. Stone Avenue
Night Phone 507-J.
Eyes Kitted For Glasses
Tucson, Arizona
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING AESLLTS
BvCA.VOIGHT
Jerome
(nan
Stocks EIGHT
THE ELSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 8, 1917.
church. The couple came up from
Douslas yesterday morning.
Business Locals
QUALITY NOT QUANTITY
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
The American Film' Corporation Presents America's Lovliest "
Screen Actress.
HMARY MILES MINTER
-IN-
"A DREAM OR TWO AGO"
Admission 10c and 15c
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
the Review after 6 p. tn. and tell
the Society Editor, Phone 39.
IS IN LOS ANGELES.
Advices from Los Angeles are to the
effect thfit Rec. John E. Fry is in
that city and is stopping at Hotel
Clark.
PAID TWENTY FIVE FINE.
Frank S. Hansrom of Warren was
lined twenty-five dollars in Judge Win
ter's court at Lowell yesterday for
maintaining a nuisance in that city.
Ho had a horse corral in th" neighbor
hood of a number r.f residences and a
complaint was made. He paid the
fine. J. R. Smith who had stork in the
corral was notified to remove the
same.
Easle Theatr
2
e
The House of Comfort Continuous From 1 To 1 1
WILLIAM FOX Presents
VALESKA SURATT
IN-
"SHE
99
Adapted From Sir Rider Haggard's Famous Novel.
Admission 10 and 15c
WENT TO TOMBSTONE.
Dr. Williams of Douglas, connected
with the army at that place, was in
the city yesterday on his way to
Tombstone.
FROM NEW MEXICO.
W. H. Ragsdnle is in the city from
his home at Artesia. New Mexico.
While in the city he is registerei at
!he Golden Hotel..
REPORTED BETTER.
Mrs. Nathan Bernard, mother of
Mrs. Gristy who has been seriusly
ill at her home on Main street is
reported very much better.
IN FROM RANCH.
Mrs. I. E. Loomis was in the city
yesterday from her home near Lewis
Springs. She reports that one or two
good rains have fallen in that locality.
LEFT FOR CHICAGO.
Mrs. J. W. Pearce left this morning
for Chicago where she will remain for
I nmo timo nn SI vtaif tn hpr Krtn Af rs
Pearce visited friends in Douglas on
Friday.
Central Theatre
CONTINUOUS FROM 3 TO 1 1 :00
A Play of the American Bad Boy and His Family.
"Tha Bail Boy' with Robt. Harrori
"The Telephone Belle"
A Triangle Comedy
Admission -
10 and 15c
RETURNED TO TOMBSTONE.
I Mrs. Dan Hanley returned to her
home in Tombstone yesterday by the
Studebaker Stage lirte. after spending
several days in this city on a visit to
relatives.
IN FROM MOUNTAINS.
' John H. James was in the city yes
j terday from his home hi Ramsey Can
yon, in the Huachuca Mountains. He
reports that several good showers of
rain have fallen in that locality.
UP FROM DOUGLAS.
Lieut. Fred Wright, of .the intelli
gence department of the army, was in
the city .yesterday on business con
nected with that department. He re
turned to Douglas during the evening.
Union Theatre
(FORMERLY STAR THEATRE.)
This Theater will open for business again, under new management.
It is in excellent ventilation conditions, and with stage for vaudeville
propositions. The admission will be five cents and vaudeville and
pictures will be 5 to 3d ceut.3.
Hours from 1:30 to 10:00, starting today.
PROGRAM
The Mystery of the
Comer House
In Three Parts
Also "THE RANCH WAITER.'
FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH.
Preaching communion services at 11
a. m. Bible school at .10 a. m. En
deavor society at 6:30 p. m. Preach
ing services at 7:45 p. m. Everybody
invited. W. S. Deathriger, minister.
SUIT FOR DIVORCE.
Mrs. Sadie Brown has brought suit
in the superior court oi Maricopa
county for divorce on the grounds of
non support against Floyd Brown. The
couple were married in this city in
1913.
BABIE DIES.
The three months old son of Joseph
Fisher and wife of Tombstone Canyon
died Friday night and was burnied
yesterday afternoon under the aus
pices of the Palace Undertaking PaiJ
! lors.
CARLOAD OF AUTOS.
The Bisbee Auto Company yester
day unloaded a car load of Studebe-
! ker four's and sixes. There was one
I delivery truck in the car which is
suitable for a laundry or bakery delivery.
The
LYRIC
Beautiful
The Coolest Theatre in the State.
Continuous From 1 To 10 P. M.
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
"Hubby's
Night Out"
Comedy.
SELIG NEWS
(Educational.)
ALICE CRADY
"DARKEST RUSSIA."
ADMISSION
Reserved Seats 20c
Lower Floor 10c
Balcony 5c
SOLDIERS' POLICIES.
Word was received yesterday by
the local lodge of the Modern Wood
men of America, that the Head Camp,
at the convention in Chicago, had
amended the by laws to permit the
payment of all policies of members
who die in the military service of the
country.' Incidentally word was
brought that the Woodmen had voted
to purchase $250,000 in Liberty bonds.
SKIPPED WITH MONEY.
According to a report sent out from
Naco the cashier of the Mexican cus
toms house has been missing tor sev
eral days, and at the same time, it Is
reported on what appears to be com
petent authority, that $35,000 in gold,
which was in his custody, has disap
peared. The cashier came here from
Mexico City only a few days before
his sudden departure, it was stated
in Naco. Sonora, today. He remained
at work but two days and then left.
The Mexican authorities have been
using every effort to get trace of his
movements, but whether they have
succeeded in learing his present
whereabouts, or what steps will be
tfken, if so, could not be learned today.
Chamberlain's Colic and
Remedy.
Diarrhoea
C. M. GARRISON,
6 Wall Street.
- NEW YORK CITY.
SPECIALIST IN COPPER
STOCKS.
Jerome Issues Reported On
LEFT FOR COAST.
Mrs. L. G. Jackson and daughter,
Dorothy left last evening for Califor
nia, where they will spend the sum
mer months. They will also visit In
San Francisco where Mrs. Jackson
has a son.
TO SERVE AS JURORS.
W. 3. Martin. John Hughes, Perry
Brown, Arthur E. White and George E.
Perry will leave in the morning for
Tombstone where they have been
called to serve' as trial jurors in the
superior court.
TOOK PRISONERS OVER.
Deputy Sheriff Jack Ryan went to
Tombstone yesterday, taking over
three Mexicans who are charged with
transporting intoxicating liquor. They
will be given a chance to plead guil
ty in the superior court or to stand
trial there.
UP FROM DOUGLAS. ' '
Albert Sanies, the Douglas attorney
was In the city yesterday on legal
business, and returned home during
the evening. He reports Douglas as
being quiet at the present time and
that there are no labor troubles there
at the present time.
Now Is the time to buy a bottle of
this remedy so as to be prepared In
rase that any one of your family
should have an attack of colic or dlar-l
rhoea during the summer months. Iti
is worth a hundred times its cost
when needed. Adv.
REVIEW WANT AD8
BRING RESULTS
RETURNED HOME.
Al Godfrey has returned to his home
in Tombstone after spending a few
days here on a visit to old friends.
Mr. Godfrey lived in the Warren Dis
trict for a number of years, working
in the mines here and at present is
working for the Bunker Hill Company
in Tombstone.
MARRIED LAST EVENING.
Robert James Ashe of Douglas and
of the United States army, was mar
ried last evening at the Golden Ho
tel to Miss Hazel M. Leiser of t'J
Paso. The ceremony was performed
by Rev. Harshraan of the Methodist
IN FROM RANCH.
Charles Coburn is In the city for a
few days from the Swisshelm Mounr(
tains where he has been for sometime
on a ranch. Mr. Colburn has been
feeling badly for several days and wiH
remain here under care of his physi
cian for a while before returning to
his home. Mr. Colburn Is an old timer
in this section and came to Bisbee
over twenty-five years ago.
RETURNED TO CANANEA.
Pete Contreras, who is quite well
known in this section, and who tc
cupied a prominent position with the
'our "C" company at Cananea. has
returned to that place after' a stay
of several days. When the shut down
occurred at Cananea, Contreras was
kept a prisoner for several days at the
nstigation of former Governor Huer
ta. but obtained his release when an
investigation was made by the officials
at Mexico City.
LEAVING CANANEA.
Parties coming up from Cananea
yesterday report that the Mexican la
borers and their families are rapidly
'eaving that place and going into the
'nterior of Sonora. The government
'r. furnishing transportation. Friday
a train of twenty-two cars left Cana
nea for Nogales and yesterday another
train of 15 cars left. .The train yes
terday was the last train that will
carry them free. All who wish to
leave hereafter will be compelled to
ay their own fare.
CAUGHT WITH THE GOODS.
Francisco Campa, was met at Os
borne on Friday night, by parties who
ie least expected to meet and to say
the least did not desire to meet. As
he stepped from the west bound train
carrying with him a heavy suit case
he was met by Deputy Sheriff William
Brakefield who delecting that the suit
case' did not contain wearing apparel
from its weight, opened the same and
found that it contained about a case
md a half of whiskey. He took Mr.
Campa and the whiskey In custody
and now Mr. Campa Is sojourning in
Hotel De Wheeler in Tombstone until
such time as he will visit the employ
ment camp at Government Draw
where they enlist men for labor on the
highway between this city and Tombstone.
CAUGHT IN CALIFORNIA.
Grover Smith, a former Lowell
youth, is now under arrest in Ply
mouth, California, on a charge of
nerjury. A few days ago Smith went
to Tombstone and secured a marriage
license for himself and Misi Helen
Amell also of Lowell. He swore to tha
application to secure the license that
the young lady was 18 years of age
and was married to her and immedi
ltely left for California. The parents
of the girl as soon as they found it
out had a warrant sworn out for his
arrest and he was located at Ply
mouth. He will now be brought back
to Tombstone for trial. Deputy Sher
iff Lafe Gibson of Gleason will leave
for Sacramento at ' once to bring
Smith back He has secured requisi
tion papers from Governor Campbell.
LID ON AGAIN.
According to the Nogales Herald
Governor Calles has put the lid on
Sonora. The lid has been put on be
fore but was invariably tilted. This
time the executive officer intends mak
ing his edict stick. All persons who
are found selling liquor in the state
of Sonora will be taken to Magdalena
for trial. All persons found drinking
liquor or having It in their possession
in the state of Sonora will be taken to
Magdalena for trial. Any military or
civil officer who has knowledge that
liquor is being sold or Imbibed and
does not report the facts to the proper
authorities will be taken to Magdalena
and placed in jail for a period of four
years. Jail sentences will be given
to bootleggers and their patrons ac
cording to the evidence adduced in the
complaint.
HAD TO BE RELEASED.
James Covoles, who was arrested on
the night of July third, because he
made insulting remarks about the
United States government and Pres
ident Wilson, had to be released from
the custody of the officers because
they could not receive any assistance
from the United States attorney's of
fice. The offices in Tucson and Phoe
nix were both called up and asked
that a complaint be formulated so
that the defendant could be held. The
first reply was that they would look
the matter up and advise as to what
form of a complaint should be drawn.
After waiting for three days and they
were again called np and had done
nothing and so the local officers were
then compelled to turn the man loose
as he had then been held longer than
the law allows a man to be held with
out being given a hearing. The local
officers are handicapped at not being
given assistance at the present time
when It is needed and some drastive
action should be taken.
oiase your irii ii uuujiu m yic
tire. Travel the Wlnton way. Phone
98. Adv. 332
ORIGINAL 8ISBEE-TOMBSTONE
Stags Line.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
daily at 7 a. tn. and 1:30 p. m. from.
PfwhfuA Mntnr On Phnna AAA Tdsvoil
punctually on time daily. 939
(Advertisement)
LEATHER SUITCASES
and Hand Bags, $12.50 values, $7.95.
Miller's Shirt and Hat Shop.
Adv. 925
BASEBALL.
Sunday, 2:30 p. m., Junction-Briggs
vs. C. & A. Adv. 510
Mrs. Actors, Beauty Specialist and
Demonstrator. Lockie Hotel, Opera
Drive. Adv. 60
I rcooK A
WITH U l
l( PEARL I) V
Seven passenger touring car leaves
Tombstone daily, upon arrival of Bis
bee stages, for Nogales, fare $5.50, 25
pound baggage limit. Adv. 317
A car every hour, Bisbee to Dong
las. Good cars and careful driven.
American Stage Line. Phone 3G6.
WE HAVE THE LATEST.
In sheet music the New Patriotic
Songs. Also full line of records and
talking machines. Lowell Jewelry
Shop. Adv. 842
Expert repairing on One . watches
and jewelry, diamond setting, engray
ing and general repairing. Mlntou,
the postoffice jeweler, Lowell.
Advertisement 343
LEARN TO DANCE.
Private lessons daily, 1 to 5-7 to 10.
W. J. Graves Academy, Lowell (Bro
pby Hall). Phone 628. Adv. 608
SHIDELER AUT6 SERVICE.
For hire, five and seven-passenger
cars for Pong and local trips; union
pirces. Call Phone 366. Ask for Shid
eler's cars. Adv. 550
Travel to Douglas the Wlnton way
on the new stage. Cars leave Copper
Queen Hotel on the hour. Fare $1.25.
Advertisement 332
Big Reduction Sale on Men's Fur
nishings. B. F. Millard, Allen Blk.
I
d
ECONOMY
An oil cook-stove is cheaper to boy than a
wood or coal stove and it's much cheaper to
operate. Meals in a jiffy, and a cool kitchen la
summer. ,
AH the convenience of gas economical for all
the year 'round cooking. Bakes, broils, roasts,
toasts. Steady, evenly-distributed heat, the best
for cooking.
The long blue chimneys prevent all smoke and
Smell. Ia 1. 2, 3 ud 4 burner dm. with
or without ovenm. Alao cabinet
models. Aak your dealer today.
Wtf PRfcJiCTlON .
oil cpiagovE,
FOR SALE Blfl . -S
Phelps Dodge Mercantile Co., Johnson Addition
Furniture Co., Standard Furniture Co Bisbee Furni
ture Co., Stewart eV Roundtree, G. O. Branson.
Lowell; Chris Heikkinen, Lowell; Southern Arizona
Furniture Co., Lowell.
..4'
3JS?
WARREN-BISBEE RAILWAY.
Country Club Schedule.
DAILY.
Leave Bisbee. Arrive Country Club.
8:30 A.M. 9:00 A.M.
1:30 P.M. 2:00 P.M.
4:30 P.M. 5:00 P.M. j
6:30 P.M. 7:00 P.M.
SUNDAYS. !
8:30 A.M. ,9:00 A.M.
9:30 A.M. 10:00 A.M. I
11:30 A.M. 12:00 M. I
1:30 P.M. 2:00 P.M. j
2:30 P.M. 3:00 P.M.
4:30 P.M. 5:00 P.M.
6:30 P.M. 7:00 P.M.
Warren, Arizona, June 29, 1917.
Adv. 322
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
(Allen Block)
A great big glass fresh buttermilk
It's only 5 cents. Advertisement .309
RTY
IBS
$1345 HERE
We are pleased to announce that we have
secured the agency for the famous
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath, 98 Maston
Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647. '
dv. 231 i
NOTICE.
All Knights and Ladies of Security
are requested to come to Odd Fellows
Hall. Saturday night, July 7, at 8 p. m.
Special meeting. Adv. 519
FEATHER RIVER GOLD MINES
COMPANY, Incorporated.
Owing to the unsettled state of Bis
bee and the Warren District, the
Feather River Gold Mines Company
has decided, until further notice, to
withdraw its exhibit of Feather River
Gold, recently displayed in Mr. Sasse's
store window. Any stockholder to
date wishing to put in his guess on
weight and value or gold in sealed
tubes exhibited In Mr. Sasse's store
window is requested to do so before 12
o'clock tomorrow, Friday. July 6th
ballot box and voting cards being
placed In the back of Mr. Sasse's store
and the result of the competition
will be posted in Mr. Sasse's store
window at 8:00 p. m., tomorrow, Fri
day night, when certificates for stock
will be issued to the winners.
Adv. 499
BASEBALL.
Sunday, 2:30 p. in.. Junction-Briggs
vs. C. & A. Adv. 510
Ride on the American Stage Line.
Bisbee to Douglas. Phone 366.
Advertisement
I will not be responsible for any
DU1S coniracieq vy iiij iuc, cmur,
J sines
Adv. 592 J. H. JAMES.
NOTICE TO PUBLIC. !
It has been stated that the Warren
Laundry pays its women employes $1
per day. This is the rankest of un-
truths as we pay no woman less than
$2 per day which Is more than any
other laundry In the state.
THE WARREN LAUNDRY.
Liberty
six
We would not attempt to even begin
enumerating the unusual qualities embodied
in the
Liberty
Six
but we would like to give you a practical
demonstration.
E. P. Norton Motor
Car Company
Distributors of the Premier Dort Federal Trucks and
the Liberty Six.
LOWELL - - - ARIZONA.
Dancing School
Mrs. Sale has opened a Dancing School at
EAGLE'S HALL
Classes Monday, Wednesday and Friday afternoons, 2
to 4. Tuesday and Friday evenings, 7 o'clock. Private
lessons every morning, 9 to 1 2.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULT8
THE CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY
121 So. Central Ave. Phoenix, Arizona.
We specialize in Incorporating. Organizing and
Corporate Auditing and Supervise Meetings of Stock
holders and Directors of Corporations.
Write for Booklet "System and the Corporation."
P. O. Box 277R, Phoenix, Arizona. 1
jj SOCIETY
5 SECTION ?
MINING f
I SECTION
TT2
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 8, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
VOL. 20. NO. 26.
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
At. Mr
jL
Labor Troubles Will
Cost Taxpayers 100
ThousandEach Week
Business Men Throughout State Losing Hundreds of Thou
sands of Dollars Because of I. W. W. Activities; Produc
tion of Copper For Month Will Be 53,000,000 Pounds
Less Than Was Expected; And "Wobblies" Promise
Just One Strike After Another.
Arizona taxpayers are losing something like $100,000 the week because or
the labor troubles in the state at this time. That figure is based upon the
taxes the copper mines would pay if operating full capacity for the privilege
of taking ore out of the ground. Their tax payments are figured upon the
tonnage of copper they produce and the price they get for it
Arizona's production the present month, under normal conditions, would
have been around 90,000.000 pounds. As matters stand, 46,000,000 pounds
have been cut off the total by strikes. Cananea's 7.000,000 pounds should be
added, making 53.000,000 taken out of production through the I. W. V. move
ment in Arizona. The tax los on the 46,000,000 pounds which the state will
not make this month, figuring 28 cents as the price the producers would re
ceive, which is about what their contracts average, will go something over
$400,000 the month. The business men, the city property owner, the farmer
and the cattleman, the latter two clauses in the largest measure, will have to
dig into their pockets to make up the shortage, for the state needs every dol
lar of normal time tax production to conduct its business.
Meantime, business men the state over are being handed a close times
envelope, that two months ago they did not dream to be among the possibil
ities. Those in the minnig districts are at the immediate time the heaviest
sufferers, but the tightening up is reaching out over the state from the saining
districts rapidly and It will not be long until the outside cities feel it sharply.
The money of the mining districts keeps the banks of the outside communities
flush, provides loans for farmers and cattlemen and for those improving city
property. Thousands of dollars of it, too, are carried to the outside towns by
traders and vacationists from the mining centers. It has been estimated that
but for the present trouble, Arizona miners and their families, and the busi
ness and professional men and their families, would have carried ten million
dollars to Los Angeies and its beach resorts this season. They will have tc
get along with probably less than half of that unless there is a more speedy
wiping out of the trouble in the state than there is now the prospect of.
It is estimated that in the larger mining cities of the state the decrease
in business and the loss of accounts will run from $150,000 in the first week
at Globe-Miami to more than $200,000 in Bisbee. Pocketbooks hawe snapped
shut. Trade is at a standstill. Nobody is doing business except the rail
roads. These are carrying more passengers from the mining centers than ever
before in their history, because the mining camps have had more population.
They will be lamentably shy on that item when the strikes close, however, and
therein is no small threat to the future, because it means that there will be
a shortage of labor as well as a shortage of trade. It will not be recovered
from in months, because many of the men now leaving are going to new lines
of employment, mainly in the ship-yards, in such cases as they are not finding
locations in distant mining camps where trouble has not entered. Meantime
boarding houses are closing, merchants are working their collectors overtime,
but nobody else, and retrenchment Is the order of the day. Many summer
vacations will not happen.
The wages being lost to circulation, because the copper Is not being got
out to pay those wages, will run to a total of more than one million dollars the
week on the present shortened basis of production, the amount growing as
production goes down. Thus more than $4,000,000 the month is being lost to
business channels while I. W. W. territories keeps men from work in Arizona.
The companies are losing as much more from surplus and dividend possibil
ities. And producers of mining machinery, fuel and supplies of every kind,
the production of which calls upon practically every line of manufacture in
the United States, for there is nothing the people of the mining centers do
not use, are losing an equally large amount
Decrease in the effectiveness of present strikes may soon cut down the
53,000,000 pound the month loss which is now being sustained, but on the
other hand threatened strikes in districts other than those now suffering may
materially ratee the total. With it all the I. W. W. promises that there shall
be one strike after another.
G1LLESPIES NOW IN
OWNERSHIP OF OIL
FIELDS HEAR GH1N0
Gillespie oil interests of Oklahoma j
have become substantially interested
in the Arizona Del Rio company, op-i
erating in the Chino Oil Fields. The ,
oil report of Etienne A. Ritter, made.
to this company, has been under con-j
federation by them for some time and
it is stated that a checking up by
other geological engineers has result
ed in this deal which is made with
the fullest assurance that the Chino
fields will become a prolific oil and gas
producer.
In addition to becoming interested
in the Del Rio company itself the
parties have also taken a twenty year
lease from it on the north half of
section 23 and the west half of Sec
tion 24. This lease calls for one
eighth royalty to the Del Rio company
is expected to prove a very lucrative
source of revenue to both the com
pany and the lease interests.
Oil exploration is expected to begin
as soon as the equipment can be
brought from Oklahoma together with
experienced oil drillers from that
state.
The Gillespie interests represent
one of the strongest oil and gas pro
ducing combinations in Oklahoma,
operating hundreds of producing wells
and employing nearly five hundred men
in the old fields. They were the
parties who brought in the famous
"Gillespie Gusher", probably the big
gest producer of high grade parafine
oil ever discovered In America, They
are known in this state through their
connection with the Red Rover top
per mine.
Senator Calder of New York and
Congressman Rogers of Massachussets
. have introduced in senate and house
I hill amending draft law to make basis
of apportioning troops among states
land subdivisions of states the citizen
i population instead of total population.
i which latter includes aliens not liable
for military service.
New York Central will withdraw
between 90 and 100 local trains in
New York State Sunday. Curtailment
is about S per cent and will release 100
locomotives.
MUSHROOM CITIES FOR CONSCRIPT ARMY BEGINNING TO GROW- j
Iff
V V 4
ft X
'..V y.. ;
1 .
- ; -."aL .- .:: ..-i,-:'v
"9
-zs. -
I
It -
Inbtallin- a system cf modem plumbins at Quantico cantonment camp; birdseye view of the camp showing rail
Utotaiiin. a ackgrcund. tnmch dii:et.r pavin;; the way for laying of water pipes.
1 'work is already under way on several of the huge cantonment camps in which the bifi ; new ffnwip
,w will learn the art of war. The photos shew h.w work is process at the camp near est Washington-at
KtTco Va. This camp covers an area approximate- two miles square. The assembly halls, mess house.
'V -ns! sleeping quarters and all. other building are built alonK the same general bnes, the materials being
ir doarilir.g and tarred roofing.
What Price Should Government
Pay for Copper for War Needs?
There is a vexatious delav in arriv-.
ing at an agreement between the gov- average cost of making copper in this
eminent and the copper producers as country today can fairly and legiil
to what shall be the price for the mil l mately be placed at less than 15 cents
n. r n,.n,i rr ph Tiifni which the per pound. This is, of course, after
government needs for war purposes.
The producers are understood to
holding out for not less than 25 cents!
per pound, or 5 cents under current! The agreement between the govern-
market. Some radical government ofli-1 ment and the producers of lead toi
cials are demanding a 20-cent price; make a price cr eight cents per pound;
and some even ask why the producers! on 16,000,000 pounds, as against a 10
cannot again name a quotation of i year average market price of 4.7 cents.
16 2-3 cents which was made on 4.".,-
000,000 pounds shortly before this j
country actually entered into the.
war. I
In order to determine a fair price I
it is said the Federal Trade Commis-j
sion will investigate the very complex;
question of cost of production. If it
does, it will discover to its amazement!
that the cost of "making" copper has
almost doubled since 1913 and is to
day jumping by leaps and bounds.
Wages, the big item, and represent
ing probably 60 per cent or more of the
total cost, are the highest ever known
$5 per day in some camps being paid ,
for unskilled labor, while in Hutte and
Arizona districts the miners under co
ercion and intimidation from tiie I.
W. V. are demanding a $C wage for
six hours' work.
On top of all this the producers are
paying through the nose for powder,
coal and structural material, to say-
nothing of being confronted with a
possible tax of 16 per cent on excess; por ,.,.pt premium. j
profits which of course cannot be prop-j M tho monu.nt serious labor di-s-erly
treated other than as an operating! tlir,,.m, .es art. taking place in Alaska.!
itm. j Hutte. in Mexico, and in Arizona.
All sorts of accounting methods areThjs ,lloans curtailment of output and
ued by the various mining companies! this nlPas increase overhead costs. I
in figuring their copper costs. Theto sav not.'iing of the embarrassment
Calumet & Hecla is the one least ' fr) Ill(iustry to i,t. confronted wi;h
likely to fool the stockholders. That, R sllortt.ninl, supply at a time of such
Is, charge all plant construction. -
placement and depreciation on to the
cost sheet. Every item of outgo in
the mining of copper, a liquidation
process including the cost of sinking
shafts, running drifts, building mills.
smelters and refineries, should be made
a charge against the cost of recover
ing the metal contents. To do other
wise is to fool yourself and the public.
While there Is some merit in the
argument that advance development
work, stripping, etc.. should be car
ried to a "deferred development" ac
count, it is by far the more conserva
tive policy and certainly more con
venient in controversies like the pre
sent, to make a direct operating charge
as the work progresses.
. 1-' v-,-v
;, xf 'it- I
rit:$ig,
---r-Wt "ii ; -
" v i Kl
1 r-.,. f
It is to be seriously questioned if the;
a" development and construction items j
charged, as they should" le, into
the expense account.
per pound, emphasizes the fairness of
a quotation for copper of not less than
25 cents. Measured by the 70 per!
cent premium on the lead quotation,
the copper people on the same basis
would be justified in asking 28 1-4
cents per pound for their product, this
being a corresponding premium on the
16 2-3 cent copper average of the patt
ten years.
Oaly by virtue of the fact that there
was a CSS.000.000 pound, of 42 per
cent increase in the output of copper
in the past three years by reason of
the new production from Inspiration
Kenr.ecott. Chile and others, was the
prj,.P f popper prevented from goini
to 50 cents. This wou!. be equivalent:
to the advance which has taken place
in steel. There were no big steel com-!
panics to come with a greatly expand
ed output, but the aforementioned big.
producers did come in and their out-
put miraculously arrived just in tiinc!
to hold the price from going to a 200
terrjfic world demand.
Any price to be fixed by the govern-;
ment at less than 25 cents per pound!
will work an injustice to the copper,
producers and will seriously miliar-,
rass them in their relations with their
employees, whose compensation is ad-,
justed according to the price of tin? l
metal. '
A labor crisis might easily be pre
cipitated if any downward revision of
wages was even remotely intimated at
this time.
Planned to estiiMisli a line of 50
steel river barges to ply between New;
Orb-ans. Memphis and St. Units. Com-!
pany will have J2.000.000 capital. 1
' . - V
I J r ft
i
4- f -s
FUTURE PLANS FOR
JEROME VICTOR EX.
VEILED IN MYSTERY
Geologist And President of
Company Depart After In
specting Property But Have
Nothing More To Say.
JEROME, July 7. Without giving
out anything in regard to the future
plans of the Jerome Victor Extension
company, G. B. Stranahan. president,
and Dr. J. II. Banks, noted geologist
sent to look over the property, left
for New York today. It is generally
thought however, that they will re
commend an immediate resumption of
operations.
President Stranahan and Dr. Banks
arrived Saturday evening and spent
two full days in conference witri Su
perintendent W. A. Richelsen. Owing
to the fact that the shaft partially
filled with water. Dr. Banks could not
make a geoligical inspection of the
underground workings. He went over
the surface of the property thoroughly,
however.
Mr. Stranahan left early this morn
ing by auto for Prescott. merely to
see the road between Jerome and the
county seat. At Jerome Junction he
joined Dr. Banks, who went out by
train.
Calumet and Jerome
Resumes Operation
JEROME. July 7. After a loss cf
two days' tinie, resulting from a series
of breakdowns, operations are in full
swing once more at the Calumet &
Jerome today. The most serious ac
cident was to the compressor, which
was out of commission for several
shifts.
The shaft is down 520 feet and the
bottom Is almost dry. Water U still
coming In above, of course, but it is
all caught in the sump at the 500 foot
station and pumped from there to the
surface. '
It is the present plan to crosscut
to the west when water level is
reached. This may be at 650 feet, j
Anaconda Copper Co.. will build rod
and wire will to cost $500,000, at Bos-'
ton & Montana smelting works iu
Great Falls. Montana. Daily capacity
will be 1.200.000 pounds of copper rods
and S5.000 pounds of wire.
WILL TAKE 2 MONTHS i
FOR MINES TO AGAIN !
SHOW USUAL OUTPUT!
GLOBE. Ariz.. July 7 The total
copper production of North and South
America during the first half of the
year is approximated at 210,000,000
pounds the month. North America's
proportion of this is somewhere
around 190.000.000 pounds the month.
Strikes now in effect in Arizona cut
off 46,000.000 pounds of this the month,
with 22,000.000 more pounds of Ari
zona copper the month seriously
threatened by the I. W. V. efficiency
destroying organization responsible
for the agitation working the present!
havoc.
Copper production loss through I.
W. . strike promotions outside cf
Arizona include Butte's 30.000,000
pounds the month. Cananea's 7.000,000
ponnds. Alaska's ti.000,000 pounds, or
a total of 43.000,000 pounds, the whole
loss to the metal market being S9.000,-;
000 pounds the month. Threatened
with I. W. W. strikes and not at all
unlikely of going out of commission j
at any time, in view of the manner in i
which terrorism has taken hold of thej
Montana and Arizona districts, arei
camps in other copper districts of Ari-j
zona and Utah representing 46,000.000!
more pounds of copper. Should this1
latter copper be called out. the cut
into the monthly production of 190.-i
000,000 pounds in North America would'
represent a total of 135.000.000 pounds.1
leaving a production of 55.000.000!
pounds the month, or 5.000,000 ponnds'j
less than the June purchases of thej
Federal government for its own uses. :
Arizona's loss of 46.000,000 pounds
of copper from its monthly production
was brought about through three
strikes in which I. W. W. influence;
dominated and which were gotten un I
derway within one week. In all three!
instances I. W. W. past record for vio- j
lence and freedom with dynamite was(
the important factor in getting re-,
sponse to strike calls for exceeding any (
expectations in the mining districts
affected. The same factor has kept
, I and is keeping hundreds of men froni'
returning to work. It is a situation1
that abundantly Justifies urgent re
commendations which were made'
earlier in the year to the government
to provide Federal troops in the min-j
ing districts in order that this man
ner of terrorism could be prevented
and the mines operated at efficiency,!
Insuring .the Federal government not;
only all the copper it might need but'
an abundant supply for its allies, alon
with the large encouragement thatj
would go to the latter by reason of the
copper industry being kept intact from '
the efforts of Germany to slow It down
and win proportionate encouragement
for German troops in the field. If not
' actual advantage through shortage of
copper metal in the hands of the allies.'
How far reaching disaster might be
in connection with a shortage of the
metal for the Allies, it is possible,
to conceive. '
I The mines now suffering strikes,
'cannot get back into efficient, full
handed operations under two months
! not if the strikes should end within;
'the day. Some of the properties can-:
not get back to where they were iu
I May. before strike rumors and talk
ibegan to cut Into efficency. under five,
: months, and it is within the range of
possibilities that some of them may
not net back within years, and then
only at the cost of vast sums drawn,
from surplus accounts which it is now
realized were most wisely and for-;
tunately built up against emergency'
hours. 1
MACHINERY ORDERED
FOR GREAT VERDE X;
WORK GOING AHEAD
JEROME, July 7. Electric machin
ery, including all pumps that are like
ly to be required, will be on the ground
for the Great Verde Extension by
August 1.
Superintendent James W. Hubbard
plans to continue work steadily until
the machinery arrives, but will not
put on any large force as to do so
would be unprofitable. One shift is
now working the three-compartniet.t
shaft by hand.
The shaft Is now down 20 feet and
is still in the surface conglomerate.
Indications disclosed In the shaft and
at various points on the surface lead
the superintendent to believe that
somewhere on the Great Verde Exten
sion is a bed of copper carbonates
similar to that found on the Dundee
Arizona. A great green boulder was
taken from the shaft only a day or
two ago. About a year ago several
sacks of glance float were picked tip
from the surface.
PLOT AGAINST
INDUSTRIES
DEUCED
IU BOSTON
Conservative Eastern Finan
cial Publication Declares
Curtailment of Copper Out
put Dangerous to Nation.
Under th headlines, "Plotting ti
Stop Copper Output." the Bostbn News
Bureau has the following to say con
cerning strikes in Arizona:
Mines and smelters of the Shannon
Copper comp.tpv are now closed down
tight as a result of the walkout of the
men Sunday morning.
The ccmp.iny offered an increase of
50 "nts a r'iv to tlioLe who are re
ceiving on present Miile a dny rite r.i
from 23 to 46 cents per hour and a
raise of 25 cents per day to those re
ceiving higher base rate tniih 46 cent
per hour. This offer was turned
down flatly by the men. The com
pany also asked the men to submit dif
ferences to arbitration and to await
investigation by a representative cf
the federal department of labor. The
employes, however, posted t'uir nr
tices in ihe mines ai u in the smelters
and all v.i.lked our.
Jun- Output Large.
Shannon's June production of 95i:,
000 pounds was. with the exception
of the May output of Sol.OoO pounds,
the largest attained this year.
The strikes at the various oonper
properties have now rearhej such
alarming proportions that producers
feel the government nest take soni
speedy and decisive action, as copper
curtailment at the rate of fully 75.
OOO.OoO pounds a month cannot be per
mitted with the nation at war and in
need of vast quantities of the red
metal.
That the strike in the Clifton. M
ronci and Metcalf districts, involving
about 6.000 miners, miilmen and smel
terraen. and resulting in the complete
shutdown of all operations in the dis
trict, is a net ion-w ide movement to
bring about strikes in the copper min
ing sections of the' country, thereby
embarrassing the government and aid
ing the enemies of the I'nited State.
is the opinion expressed by General
Manager Norman Carmichael. of Ari
7rna Copper company. The men really
have no serious grievance, he says,
hut seem to be grapin at almost
any pretext in order. to hamper pro
duction of copper.
Urges Government Action.
"The three mining companies in the
Clift n district are producing annual
ly 100.000,000 pounds of copper." says
Mr. Carmichael. I am of opinion that
unless the government takes a hand,
production of copper in this district
will not be resumed."
Nearly 100 deputies were sworn In
Monday by Sheriff Slaughter to guard
the property at Morenci. None wa
sworn in at Clifton or Metcalf.
Telegrams received here by Gover
nor Campbell Monday Indicated in
creasing seriousness of the outlook at
Globe and Clifton and continued im
provement in the Bisbee-Warren dis
trict, where it appears the I. W. W.
has been beaten, and whence the load
ers have gone to other fields.
The most disconcerting news comes
from Globe, from Sheriff Armer. Gen
eral Manager Taul G. IVikctt of Old
Dominion Copper company, and Judire
Shute. who agree that the situation
has gone beyond control of the local
authorities.
It is believed there is grave danger
of destruction of property. IMcketa
succeeded in preventing meu from en
tering the mine to operate the pumps.
Even the sheriff was turned back and
laughed at. There was rioting Sun
day evening, stones being thrown at
men trying to go to work. Telegrams
to the governor stated that If the
pumps are Idle for even a short time,
it will be months before work can be
resumed.
Miami Mines Idle.
All the mines are idle at Miami, but
there have been no disorders report
ed. Disturbances bordering on rioting
were reported from Globe. Charles II.
Mover, president of the Mine. Mill and
Smelter Workers, wired Governor
Campbell that the unions at Clifton
ami Morenct were not affiliated with
(Continued on Tage Two)
r r
two
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 8, 1917.
MINERS ON STRIKE
ARE LOSING HIGHEST
PAY FOR SOME TIME!
Removal of Intimidation In
Copper Camps By Govern
ment Forces Is Needed To;
Restore Old Efficiency.
j a nee of the year. In Arizona it is'
' questionable if there is a mine getting
! its copper at the present time for less'
1 than IS cents, if excess profit and j
j super-inccnie taxes are figured. The,
! copper of some of the producers, the'
j smaller ones, is running over 25 cents. '
j These could not today accept govern- j
I nient orders on a 2a cent basis with-1
1 out losing money. Agitation and
strikes are daily increasing the costs,:
for efficiency cannot prevail while the
; air is filled with trouble talk. Thv t
greater the degree of inefficiency, the
' higher the costs of production. j
Miners of Arizona on strike during The restoration of efficiency in the ;
the present month are probably losing cPPer mlnm d,!!lri( t8 ' tlle et e,
th- -o nnnrtnni(. it appears at this time to be possible
wage
will, be available to them in some time.
The Bishee wage this month, regulat
ed by the price of copper in June, will
be I5.S5 the day. The strike call of
last week incorporated a demand for
$6. The automatic advance in wages
came near meeting it. In other cop-
only through the presence of Federal;
troops in the districts, or at least in
most of them. Intimidation prevails
that can be overcome in no other way.
With the intimidation removed there
will be plenty of men available to pull
the mines back into' efficient produ'j
tion, although such accomplishment
TtA nMulnnin. to t rif t o fit t Vl O ctato
., . . , , will not be the work of days. It will
proportionate increases in pay alsoi . v, . , '
r viswin nirnihii Hiiiiiit - Vi i ll till cttlF.
came about automatically, because cop-;
per sales in June, mostly of small lots,
averaged better than 30 cents.
What the average price received fori
copper daring July will be, remains
to be determined. It is mainly up to
the Federal Trade commission and the
Allied Purchasing Board. It is under
stood that the two are working to-:
gether and that the Federal govern-;
ment will fix the same price for cop-;
per for the Allies that it fixes for the
metal it requires. It is the presump
tion that the price paid for the 60.000,-'
AAA J K ., Tulsral rnmnita.
i x i ii k ,.,. v,,.1 which it gained knowledge of the in
sion last week will be 25 cents, buti ... , j ,.
.ii . i "a -i ti trcacies of mining, milling and smelt-
11119 ID JCl 111 lilC CI 1 . x MIX" l i i V. . , i ,
the neighborhood of 25 cents." is the' cPPer to an eX.tent that has do,ubt:
form the government announcement
mean months, during which the state
will fall behind the high normal which
it had reached early in May and under
continuance of which it would have
made a billion pounds of copper this
year, or half of the entire production
of the North American continent.
No further effort on the part of the
government than the removal of in-
timidation is necessary. The high un-'
desirability of attempt to in any way,
take over the direction of the copper:
producing properties was clearly showa
in the investigation by the Federal
Trade Commission, in the course of!
JEROME DEL MONTE
SHAFT GOES AHEAD
FIVE FEET PER DAY
Sinking Now Down 155 Feet,
With No Water Encounter
ed Yet; Pumps Ready For
Use Whenever Required.
JEROME. July 7. At no property in
the' district is faster progress being
made than at the Jerome Del Monte.
A set of timbers is going into the
shaft every day. Each set means five
feet of depth gained.
The present depth of the shaft is
155 feet. It entered the limestone
at 122 feet, but that formation should
be passed soon. The limestone is
much easier going ' than the lava
above.
No water has yet been encountered,
but a special Cameron No. 7 pump,
capable of handling 100 gallons a min
ute, is on the ground ready for use
when required. Electric pumps have
been ordered for early fall delivery.
Superintendent D. D. Homer expects
to make a footage of 145 feet in the
shaft this month and to straighten
the shaft this month and to cut a sta
tion at the 500-foot level early in Sep
tember. He thinks that the shaft will
be down to 1000 feet by the first of
the year. Unless present plans are
changed no drifting or crosscutting
will be done until that depth is attained.
takes. The base price means little or,
nothing of definite character under
the circumstances. However, it is be-
lieved tat 25 cents will be adhered
to. In such event It will be the pur-,
chases of domestic consumers of the
metal aside from government con-i
tracts who will fix the average price,
of the metal. They have been pur-,
chasing something more than half of;
the production of copper. The price
they will pay will doubtless raise the
average above 25 cents, but how much ,
is entirely problematical. If metal
market transactions for the month
should go as now indicated, it is not
considered at all probable that the,
30 cent mark will be touched. It is
likely to shade off a cent or two at
least. !
Investigations in the course of the
price fixing conference resulted n de-
less spoiled the dreams entertained
by labor agitators and politicians ofj
soft Federal berths during the war in
connection with the conduct of meter
production from office chairs which j
the best brains in the country have
found it a strenuous task to fill with
the competence they wished to bring;
to. bear.
GREEN MONSTER IS
STEADILY SINKING THE
DOROTHY MAY SHAFT
PLOT DENOUNCED
I
(Continued from pge one.) I
his organization. He said he was do-,
ing everything possible to avoid a!
strike at Globe and Miami. He urged
the governor to bring about a meeting !
of the men's committee and the opera-'
tors.
The arrival of Joseph S. Myets, fed-1
termination that Anaconda copper has eral conciliator, is anxiously awaited
cost 17.956 cents this year, and that; by the authorities in the Clifton dis-(
due to the present 6trike, together i trict. It is understood the mine man-;
with constantly increasing supply' agers in that district have left for
prices, the cost of Anaconda metal will El Paso, announcing they will not re-:
advance still further during the bal-. turn until Myers visits the district.
JEROME. July 7. An average speed
of five feet a day is being maintained
in sinking the Dorothy May shaft at
the Green Monster. This shaft is
about GOO feet east of the Revenue
tunnel and today is down 140 feet.
The formation in the bottom is soft
schist with oxidized iron magnetite,
specular iron and other evidences of
mineralization. Occasionally the shaft
cuts a streak of quartz.
Slower progress is being made in
sinking the winze from the Gorge tun
nel, which is in a harder formation.
Methods of German Spy System
Described By Lord Northcliffe
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, July 7. Lord
Northcliffe. head of the British mis
sion in this country, today authorized
publication of parts of a confidential
speech on spies and censorship made
to the National Tress Club, July
Fourth. He desribed the work of spies
in England and the flood of fatal infor
mation that pours over the cables
through neutral countries to Germany,
and spoke of the dangers of any ex
cept technical military and naval cen
sorship of the press. Only on two oc
casions in the last month. Lord North
cliffe. said, had he seen anything pub
lished in the American newspapers
that might have been of value to the
enemy.
"What does not seem to be under
stood here and what we did not un
derstand at the beginning of the war
is that the really deadly high ex
plosive news is not for newspaper
news but the news sent out by spies
in code to neutral countries for trans
mission to Germany.
Spies Have Easy Task.
"It is not difficult for spies to get
news. Their task is the delivery of
the goods and on that task they con
centrate. "I do not know whether you have a
mail sensorship on letters to Spain,
but I venture to think that if you have,
not and start opening letters to that
country you will get as rich a haul of
information as our secret service de
partment did out of censoring of
American letters to Europe.
"The cable censor must be resource
ful. A world of meaning can be con
cealed behind the words: 'Mother bet
ter' or 'Mother 4 going to seashore'
many complaints will come from busi
ness men as to detention of their mes
sages, but business men of standing
I can easily satisfy the cable authorities
and. in any case, the main business at
the present time is war, and lives ara
more important than business losses.
"We in England were loathe to be
lieve in the existence of an extensive
German spy system until strange hap
penings by land and sea proved their
spy preparations were just as efficient
as their other preparations.
"The German spies are divided into
Maj. Gen. Leonard Wood says na
tional guard troops in department of
south will go to front between first
and middle of November.
I
(Copyrisht reentered. 1917) ft " 1
v
IMJ
five or six. classes, working independ
ently of each other.
Spy System Described.
; ."There is the business spy, whose
work is the gathering of information
personal and otherwise. An establish
ment called Schiniinelpfennigs opened
out in England, purporting to be some
thing like your Bradstreets or Dun,
but really with the object of ascertain
ing the capacity for making guns, mu
nitions and what not of every plant in
England.
"A second form of spying was or
ganized by the German consuls in
Great Britain who collected informa
tion by means of hotel waiters, bir
bcrs, governesses and domestic ser
vants, to whom they paid comparative
ly small sums monthly.
"In naval and military towns the
German government provided Ger
mans with capital with which to open
and purchase hotels. All this was done
through the consuls.
"Then there was a search of spies
organized by the famous department
which had its headquarters in Brus
sclls. These were spies who moved
about in a good social circle as a
rule, picking up any information they
could get. Members of this class of
spy were entirely unknown to each
other and only known to headquarters
by numbers. They were paid a min
imum of $3,0D0 and a maximum of $12,
000 and were usually engaged in some
other kind of work. A numl.er of
them were women.
Women Exempt.
"Out of respect for their sex, among
the spies we shot at the Tower of
London, the women have been exempt
ed and sent to long terms of imprison
ment. "Further, there are the military and
the naval spies. This kind of spying
is regarded as legitimate among all
nations. Carl Loeder, whom I saw
tried by court-martial and who had an
American passport and spoke Ameri
can with the slightest German accent,
was a legitimate naval spy and was so
regarded by our authorities, who treat
ed him as well as he could be trrnted,
and finally very properly shot him. He
was captured owing to clumsiness on
his part. Among other foppishness he
kept his code in his pocket."
TT enderson will try and
please you,
Watkins, he
helps too,
Lumber has gone up
a little as
Usual as other
things has,
ighty good
time to buy
efore things
get so high
ach month you put off
building that home you
un a risk of
having none
ome let us
talk to you,
Olson may offer some
suggestions too.
PHONE 16
M
B
E
R
C
M. KEANE
High Class Tailor,
Airdome Theatre
Lowell, - Arizona
J. B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
O. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO
Roberi iienes&ey, Fiop.
Opposite DepoL Ambulanci
EYE NERVE GLASSES
Study and much r&
search work since
1S92, is the cause of
my successful practice
m Bisbee. Dr. R.
Glaze, Neutrologlst,
Room 1. Maze Bidg., Phone, Office
lob. Residence, Black 420.
We are paying good prices
; tor hides.
ARIZONA JUNK CO.
Lowell, Arizona.
CUSTOM ORE SHIPPERS
ASSISTING SMELTERS
DOUGLAS, Ariz., July 7. Copper
production of Arizona in June was
near normal, except in Jerome, where
the strike in May exerted influence
that did not effect copper output until
in the succeeding month. This effect
will continue through the present
month, whether Jerome escapes an
other strike or not.
The smelters here have sufficient
ore bedded ahead to keep them going
at normal capacity during the present
month. The firm stand taken by the
authorities and citizens of Djuglas
against agitation here has probably
warded off any labor disturbance that
will effect the smelters directly. Some
assistance in making up the shortage
in ore from the mines may be expect
ed in larger output from custom ore
shippers.. With the Globe-Miami and
Clifton-Morenci smelters closed, there
will be the possibility of considorable
shipments of custom ore from these
districts. The material shortening in
copper output will be felt mrst in
August and September, likely, well
after the time the mines have re
sumed, but before they have been able
to make up the decrease in ore stocks
at the smelters.
RUDOLPH ON TEE JOB
It is almost a year now since L. B.
Rudolph, of L'pper Lowell, of the War
ren District, sunered.a general break
down, with a bad case of rheumatism
as the predominating trouble. He
tried several times to renew his work
but was unable to stand it. After
everal weeks Of this, he went to Hot
Springs, took the baths, then went to
his old home in Kentucky to recuper
ate. Late in the fall he returned and
attempted threex different times to
hold down his old job but had to
give it up. After he had lost in time
and money something like $500, some
thing good happened to Ruc'jlph. Let
him tell it: "Boys, you can say what
you please, VITOLOX will cure the
rheumatism and straighten a man up.
I told my wife the other day if I had
found out about the stuff sooner 1
might have had $500 more i:i my
pocket. The first thing it done was
to put my appetite on edge and stop
my back from hurting. The third bot
tle just about put tne nnisn co my
rheumatism and I went back to my
old job and have been at the throttle
ever since.
"I'll tell you boys, if you want to
enjoy a feeling of vitality, vigor and
vim and feel full of push, purpose and
power. "ju can, get plenty of it by
using a course of Vitolox."
WATKINS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
JThe HALLMARK Store y
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicit Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
CHICHESTER S PILlS
Vrr. TKK 1MA .1I.XI IlKANU. A
JS B.wra as L'Cit. Sf-t. JtlwinRflAia
-r h 0 KY T.n -TS FL'FPVUHFPF
Now is the time to buy a
BEACH LOT
$350
$1.00 Down
$1.00 Per Week
10 Off on Excess Payments
No Interest No Taxes.
Seashore Colony Tract, Newport
Beach.
25 choice sand lots; former price,
$500. Sas, water and electricity at
hand. Electric cars through tract;
sta'9 on tract. A bona fide op
portealty to double your money
C L. Lancaster, Owner
603 Central Bldg Los Angeles
Or Newport Beach, CaL
Ik Hotel Paisley
432 Geary St, San Francisco, Cal
One Block From St. Francis
Opposite Columbia Theatre
100 Outside Rooms With Bath.
Rate $1.00 a Day And Up
Under The Management of
Ed. Anderson Wm. Robinson
All Geary Street Cars Direct From
' Ferry To Hotel.
CATARRH
OF THE
BLADDER
Muni !a
24 Hours
VvS fart.
r
BISBEE-DOUGLAS STAGE
W1NTON SIX
Travel in luxury roomy, comfortable cars; careful, courteous drivers.
Leave Depot Square, Bisbee and Gadsden Hotel, Douglas on the
hour commencing eight A. M. daily, via Lowell and Warren. Arrange
ments may be made for private parties and special trips.
MOTOR TRANSIT CO.
Phone, Douglas 2 12
95 per cent of the lfiOO nav;il re- Aerial mail service nas been innug-i
servists at Newport have volunteered uraied between Naples and l'alermo
for foreign service. Italy.
jH rhone, Bisbee S2
I
Give
Your Battery
a Cool Drink
-and it
Your battery gets as thirst y as you do this hot wcathcr-
docsn t taKe long to make a thirsty battery a dead one.
Fill it with distilled water once a week as often as you take a
hydrometer test.
If you haven't pure water, or don't want the trouble of filling your
battery yourself we'll do it for you.
Willard Service is good for any battery whether it gives it a
thorough overhauling, or merely fills and test sit. And if your battery
needs repairs it provides a rental battery for your use whatever the
make or model of your car.
Drop in next time you're down this way at;d if you haven't one
already get a Willard Service Card tliat entitles you to free semi
j monthly testing.
Lohman & Wright
CENTRAL THEATRE BLDG. LOWELL, ARIZONA
TO THE EAST
Daily to Septemb-r 30th. Final return limit Octob
ber 31st
TO CALIFORNIA
Daily to Septemf zr 30th.
vembcr 30th.
Final return limit No-
"THE LODGE" CLOUDCROFT
Open Now. Spc :ial round trip fares on sale daily
to September 15th. Final return limit Sept 30th.
Low round trip fares will be in effect providing
liberal stopovers Diverse Routes.
Ask your age; t for full partidars. He will glad
ly help you plan your trip and make your Pullman
reservations.
Or Address.
GARNETT KING,
Gc neral Pass. Agent, El Paso, Texts.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manayer.
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
IN CARRYING THE LUMBER
we do we are ready to supply
any demand and with the bst
material at shortest notice. Do
not go elsewhere, as w will give
you the best attention possible:
and the man who shops around
always conies back to us at last.
Better be wise first as last. A
trial order will convince you.
Bishee Lumber Company. ic
LMIL MARKS. Mgr.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONt J.
. 3
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 8, 1917.
-HE-
THREE
3
f
1
.V
i
J
7
i
i
7
Societ yNewtf
RIDDLE AND ISAACSON.
The wedding of Mr. Albert A. Riddle
and Miss Mamie Isaacson, came as a
complete surprise to the many friends
of the young couple. They were mar
ried Monday at & o'clock at the Meth
odist church by the Rev. C. W. Harsh
man, in the presence of relatives and
a few immediate friends. They were
attended by Miss Maude Braziel and
Mr. Ed. McGarry. Miss Isaacson has
been employed in the local schools
here for the. past three years and, to
say the least, she was one of the most
successful teachers ever employed in
the district. Mr. Riddle had been
employed at the Junction mine for
some time. Following the ceremony
the couple left on the evening train
for Virginia where they will make
their future home. They have a host
of friends in Bisbee who regret their
departure.
SURPRISES FRIENDS.
Arthur Ftazier of Bisbee left June
6th, for a month's vacation, saying to
his friends that he was going home
for a visit with his mother. Some of
his friends suspected there were en
chanting dreams of a "Home Sweet
Home" other than his Kentucky home.
On June 17th he was married to Miss
Grace Kidwell of Lexington. They
visited the Elephant Butte Dam and
other places of interest, arriving here
Thursday night Mr. Ftazier has a
brother in. the Copper Queen general
office, and a large number of friends
who wish them much happiness and
success in their newly established
home.
Mrs. A. V. Dye, left this week for
Long Beach where she will spend a
short time.
Miss Maud Davis, former employe
of the Phelps-Dodge store spent thu
Fourth in Bisbee visiting friends, re
turning to Tombstone, Thursday morn
ing. Mrs. Lucy Kyle and children, of El
Paso, are visiting her sister, Mrs. Wal- j
lace, in Warren. i
I
JMrs. Perry Brown and children left
for California this week where they
will spend the summer months. !
'
Miss Ruth Glen who has been vist- j
ing friends here for the past week, has !
returned to her home in Tombstone. ,
1
Miss Carrie Johnston is visiting her
friend. Miss Myers at Lewis Springs. '
Miss Josephine Young of this city
has returned from Cananea where she
has been visiting friends.
Mrs. B. S. Chase, Mrs. J. T. Hay and
Mrs. F. A.- McKinney are spending a
week at Bernar'g Resort, Ramsey can
yon. Mr. and Mrs. Joe Bradford and Mr.
and Mrs. Ed Murphy are entertaining
Mrs. Garnett De Grant, widow of the
late Walter De Grant of Los Angeles
and San Diego.
Wedding announcement's have been
received by many Bisbee friend3 of the
wedding of Miss Gladys Bandy and
Mrs. R. LeVern Kendall both of Tomb
stone. They will be at home to friends
after July lath in Tombstone.
Mrs. Jas. H. Smith and family left
for an extended trip through the north,
and will visit relatives in Portland,
Oregon.
Miss Emmabell Rolf and mother left
Tuesday night for San Francisco,
where they will spend a few months.
Miss Minnie Rickets left this week
for Wilcox where she will visit her
aunt, Mrs. Cooper.
Miss Elanore Page left Friday night
for Oceanside, California, for an ex
tended visit with her brother Mr.
Charles G. Page, manager of the Bern
nard Brothers ranch of that place.
Mrs. H. W. Eason left this week, for
an extended visit in Los Angeles.
Miss Anna Bryan of Tucson is in
Bisbee for a few weeks.
Miss Alice Brereton left this week
for Los Angeles where she will join
Mrs. Emit Marks and family. They
will spend the remainder of the sum
mer at various beaches.
Mrs. R. A. Clampitt, wife of the as
sistant postmaster of this city, and
son, returned this week from Louisana
where she had been visiting her mother.
Miss Margaret Attaway, formerly of
j this city, is visiting her parents. Miss
! Attaway has been at El Paso in the
I Province Hospital training to be a
j nurse. She will remain here for a
month.
j
j Miss Eva Sutty returned this week
1 from El Paso, and will spend a short
; time visiting relatives and friends.
) Mr. John Chain entertained a num
ber of his friends at his home in up
per Tombstone canyon, Wednesday
evening, the house was tastefully dec
orated in red, white and blue, and the
evening was spent in cards and danc
ing, after which a sumptuous lunch
was served, be was assisted by Mrs.
Pierce Blunt and Mrs. H .H. Hays,
Those" present were:
Mesdames Pierce Blunt, B. Wil
liams, Rosenberger, Hazelthaw, ht.
Hays and Miss Hatnpston.
Messers Pierce, Blunt, V. M. John
son, Hazelthaw, Rosenberger, B. Wil
liams, H. Hays, McKennen and John
Chain.
Wall Street's Expert Woman
Statistician Will Retire
rWomms Ere
There are few of us. who do noti
look forward with pleasure to the
week-end trips during the summer,
and there are many of us who pack
a suit case quite frequently during the
season. To make a trip a pleasure
rather than a chore, there are certain
conveniences such as toilet article
case, stationery case and so on, which
are not particularly costly, and yet'
they add so much to nicety of pack
ing. When planning on a trip do not
fail to look up these necessities at our
local stores.
in light checked and plain colored
hem, would not be very good taste, but
most practical, as they can be washed.
It must also be remembered that this
year the gingham hat is a novelty.
Perhaps an old straw hat of last year
which is somewhat faded, could be
covered with the gingham of the dress,
and faced with a solid color and could
be worn on sunshiny days. -
4
5 w-,
7 Jt-MJi
s-.!?.a
A
- . r 'i
,, . .. ",!
4 -
UUP "p "ivy ' ' ? !'-4.i
Newer than the motor coat is the
cape, made with loose lines. Theyl
are even good for rainy afternoon!
wear. j
I
i
There is nothing newer for morning,
wear than a frock of blue and white:
linen. " The waist of white linen with :
decorative blue stitching and the,
skirt of blue linen with white stitch-j
ing. !
For motor trips a light wrap is need- j
ed, there can be none more appropriate !
than the sweater, knit sweaters are!
the best this season. j
Polka-dotted materials have found
welcome this year, and a blue foulard
with white polka dots would make an
ideal dress for travelling wear.
A hostess who takes pride in hc?r
card parties will find pleasure in do
ing a summer card table cover of linen
stamped in cross stitch design.
For dresses of soft material fashion
can design no prettier style than the
new silhouette or egg-shaped design.
A catchy veil adds much to the mid
summer hat and any style can be had
at the local stores.
A dainty parasol is a cool comfort
for hot summer afternoons.
A slip over dress made of gingham, J
with separate guimp is a pretty dress j
for the small girl. ;
"fcs Katherine Uiies at her lictk in Wall street.
XEW YORK, July 7. (Special) i reports by a large percentage and in
K, Giles, statistician, is reported to created cotton values by some $5,000,-
aave gone out ot business. Wall 000 had the name of the Cotton
street is to lose its noted expert on
the annual cotton crop.
And yet not all Wall street, even
today, knows that the information
upon which it relied for its specula
tions in cotton for a decade, and a
half information which in any num
ber of instances has proved more re
liable than that furnished by the gov
ernment itself came from a woman.
For K. Giles, statistician, is( Miss
Quetn and was drawing more than
$10,000 a year. And curiously enough
when a reporter interviewed her some
five years later on the reason for hr
phenomenal success she skipped ail
the usual platitudinous advice about
industry, determination and so forth,
and laid all her prowess to the fact
that she never speculated.
" Began at $8 a Week.
From SS a week rutin? linnu on
Katherine Giles, a woman who can tabulation cardSi Miss GiRlg rf)se to ,)e
keep a secret. one of the ini..ide powers of wall street
Miss Giles even before the event-, Her lnformationi gatnered from Geo
ful turn of the cotton tide in 1892 sia to Bombay, became the standard
wiien sue aiuereu irum goveruuieu.. ... vhi,.h m hlMll ik. :.,,..
of millions. Her advice was sought
by thousands, both straightforward
WEEKLY NEWSJHIERjYOUIJG
MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN JMNG DISTRICT
lue call to arms has perhaps aitett-
a Jew days ago and will probably re
main, irea is employed uy the Bid
Dee improvement company.
ed tue louug iien s Christian associa
tion ni'jre tnan any other profession,
the training and experience of the as
sociation's employed force having been j The following was contributed by
of such nature as to incite a quick anu : Mr. C. C. Mucnell, who recently re
nasty response td such service. Again, ! turned from Jiurrietta Springs, where
the local Y is affected by tue suuuen ! he had been taking treatment tor rneu
resignation of its boys' secretary, who- mausm: in the Bieeper, crossing the
left yesterday for Jackson, Mien., to 1 desert several aays since, while the
join the hospital corps of his home ! porter was making up the bunks, a
city in the hope that it might take him miduie-aged lady was sitting looting
"somewhere in France." Mr. Martin out the window where there was notn
came to Bisbee as boys' secretary 111 8 in signt lor miles and miles except
from El Paso. Tex., waere ne was sagebrush and jack-rabbits. An elder
serving with the Michigan troops as '7 dy came and sat la the seat wc
iheir army secretary. V hile here, al- j ln8 her. Sue turned to the elderly lady
though only for a six-months' duration, j and said, "1 have just been wondering
he had greatly strengthened the de-' bw these people make a living, wno
partment and was a real friend to around here." The elderly lady
ery boy of the ditsnct, and it is wan quietly said, "There is no one living
keen regret that the boys "jf the com- i around here." Our secretary, who was
m unity see him go.
in the next seat, enjoyed it very much
but he did not enjoy the look tne fetor
gave him, when she turned around to
again look out the window.
Harry McLaughlin, former physical
director, is now wim CTie Calirornu
troops at San Diego, and Secretary j
Richardson is now wondering who will I FollowinS are the names of those
be the next patriot to join the colors ! Uking out or renein8 member-
fi'om the employed force. ! ships at lhe "Y" duriD8 th P1 week:
j M. G. Boggs, Heber Crawford, Joe Del
Ben Fisher, handball player and me8so' G- Grves' Grinrod. R.
swimmer, has left for Los Angeles and J' Gl080n' Cna- Hoyt, R. S. Hooper,
sure will be missed by the boys in the EIias Lez' Fred Orwlg. Ernest Rob
taut, erts, James A. Tong, E. J. Andrusky.
i J. M. Carriger, E. O. Crittenden. G. H.
.. ! Derniody, R. S. Phillips, A. V. Lea,
Scott Buornam has gone to Cloven-1 ,H n ' ,M nl ,, j, o
. . . . . , , Ralph Brown, Joe Blaldo and James R.
u,o V UU1UC, BUU Mill reiUfU j I . - ii V
Bowling still holds its place at the
"Y," and duck pins are becoming more
popular every day. Some pretty good
scores have been made. Earl Wlttig
holds first place, score 126, while Don
Lee Swearingen takes second with a
score of 114. How long they will hold
Ralph Brown has returned from
a two-months' stay in New York, wnere
he was doing the buying for the Min
ers' store. Mr. Brown reports a lively,
time while in the big city, but. like the .
majority of others, is glad to be back
in the Copper City.
sash of deep blue makes a charming
color combination. This material js ana underhanded,
especially good. When packing the Hundreds tried every ruse known
summer suit case it can be tucked to strategy to make her divulge eei
away in a corner and will not crush if onl' a dav in advance, the natdie
easiiv . of her coming report on crop con-
it is to be seen as there are others
who are going to have something to'
say about it. Wittig would like to see I
Boys' Department.
The Boys' department has lost one
his score beaten so that he could put " '"c T UaU. Mt.
Kt, . - . . ' Martin has given up his position to
up one better. .Now is your cuance to uk fc .
t ir. o.i . !. r,. i "'e up army wort.
ment will start Monday.
the desk.
Inquire at
Eruest Ray, one of our members and ana Anthony
daily lobby attendants, has returned ;
The following boys have taken out
their cards for another year in the
Y": James Frhyer. James McCusker
I ditions.
Rfrinpe 9m nlu-ava iwrpntn)ilp 1n th- But MlSS
frcti Murrietta Hot Springs, looking!
and feeling much better. !
Hats of white pique or linen, with
effective embroidery, and large beaus'
or colored ribbon are just the thing j
for the little girls. The beauty of:
them is that they can be laundered '
and look like new. j
A luncheon set with light colored
shades of crochet edges are delight
ful parts of the summer tea table.
The -Patriotic Camp Farm" will
soon be on wheels again since there
has been a shower or two. Nearly all
Giles has always tnan- his nosition at the Mountain States I auenaing tne previous camp
.. ;.,...,..,... a r aged to outwit them. Latelv rhp mro'v I ti n .1 t . ' are going DacK. The skilled cock Is
uim-11 " ilii a diuui uuic. uicoa uii - , n. v. An. Kvuiytiuy . jusi w uat .'I ill;
E. Leslie litFarianU has resigned . .
Something smart and new is the
lacy summery looking blouses with
high neck, made of white veil and
trimmed with a good quality of cream
Velenciennes lace.
voili with pink, blue or black stripes. ! ansnerea ine leiepnone nerseit during is going to do is not yet known.
would be especially nie'e for church tho aay Iest t'1 conversation should be ,
or afternoon wear. umru nuo uaugerous airections, ana David Dozier and "Bob
The voiles that are on display at
the local stares, are an ideal material
for mid-summer dresses.
lest she should by the slightest infle-j-
..111..... ur . . '. . f .. 1 a
' It. . L llll IIIUIIII 1 Hlllt
tion or break of voice, betray the price- wiU De gone about a week. They ex
less information which lay on her desk pect to travel "shoeleather express"
before her. J Dart of the .av
i-or on mat aesK, in neatly distribut-
the main drawing card. All boys in
the district should call at the Boys' de-
, 1 partment for information regarding
! the camp.
Long veils in bright color combina-
tions are quite the fad with motor,
girls. i
Middy blouses are extremely smart
among the younger set, they show
great taste when touched off
smocking in contrasting colors.
Fashion says small crocheted hand
bags lined with satin to match are
the very latest.
with
Ribbon sashes and satin girdles are
ever so pretty with summery frocks ;
of organdy or net.
There are many large women whose
figures are in proportion, but who
have found it difficult to buy ready,
made clothes. Why not select a pat-j
tern and be your own dress-maker.
A dress made of silk crepe de chine 1
or any soft clingy material made in '
the loose fitting design is an Ideal '
model for the stout woman.
The gingham dress is taking the
season by storm, and the local stores
can show you either in ready made or
material, a lovely quality in any color
you would wish.
The Churches
The French hand-made blouses are
exceedingly good, and the square!
neck seems to be the choice in pat
terns. I
Presbyterian Church.
Sunday school at 9:45 a. m.
. Morning worship at 11 a. m.
Cnion Young People's meeting
6::;i p. in.
ed piles, would lie the return postcards
from cotton growers of the south, tell
ing her how each and every crop of
the nation was faring. They would
come in, some mornings, 300 at a time.
Exceedingly Feminine.
Statistics grind all the humanity out
of a person's veins, as a rule. The
mental picture of a woman who lives
all day with figures, sums and reports
is terrifying but far from true, in
this instance. For as a matter of fact
The Pushmobile race was a complete
j success. The drivers and mechanics
: were in fine trim for the affair, every
car reaching the finishing line at the
" uo" i postoffice. Jimmy Oddonetto and
striking way of putting th.ngs has this , Tom won fim ta with yince
Sunday: "It still remains that he in
duces bad men to become good. I vote
for whoever can do and does that,
even if he has a brass band and a bar
rel of monkeys."
Ernest E. Slack, member of the
"Y" and engineer at the C. & A., has
inst hpen marriorf Tvrnpt Hirl thia on
iliss Giles is exceedingly feminine and: quieUy tmU evea hjs room.mate did
.it : youthful looking, golden haired, bright:
and pleasant of eye. The 25.000 post
not know anything about it until three
! days later. The boys wish him luck
: on his new venture.
For street wear, even in some of
the large cities, gingham dresses made
When one is visiting in summer, it
stems an evening gown can not be
avoided. A dress of delicate flesh i
pink made of georgette crepe and a I
r
ENTRANCE
ON
SUBWAY
STREET
REA?
OF
MAIN
BUILDJNf
The July Clearance Sale
In the Fair's "ANNEX" Store Continues
THIS WEEK
THE EXTENT OF THE OPPORTUNITIES offered to customers by
The Fair's "ANNEX" store during our JULY CLEARANCE SALE, can
not be indicated in an advertisement.
A GREAT, COMPLETE business in itself, including nearly every sec
tion represented in our main store, it offers a wealth of merchandise and
most substantial savings for the thrifty and economical.
HUNDREDS OF ITEMS AT LOWERED PRICES, Genuine reduct
ions every one of which has a foundation of quality and represents a safe
saving. The sale continues this week, with all lines complete, and all
prices exactly as previously advertised in this paper. WATCH Tuesday's
. KEVIEW for a new printed list of bargains.
THE PURPOSE of the Fair's "ANNEX" store is "THE SATISFAC
TION OF EVERY CUSTOMER." And there will be no deviation from
this policy during this JULY CLEARANCE MOVEMENT; it is our inten
tion to deliver you merchandise that will give you 1 00 per cent, in value
and satisfaction for every dollar you expend.
We hope to have Major Dickson cards which she annually distributes
with us to conduct the morning ser- j among the twelve cotton growing
vice, but in case he is not able to Le , states have not divorced her from a G A. Korte has gone to Kansas City.
here one of the chaplains from Dous- d.suke of publ.c.ty and other trat.s! from thpre he y in MtcMgan.
las will take his place. j womaniy. One of them is a country,
i home at Cluster, N. J., to which she is! c . .
. . . .i . , -,, Some statistician has figured out
The Assemb y of God. retiring, now that her ofltce will b . . . , .,
i.j that -New ork state workmen lost
nuimay scnooi ai iu:.iu a. in. i awto. i
Sunday preaching at 2 and 7:30 p. m ; It was that December 5, 1!)02, of j
"r...w. J.. ., Tlikln ....!.. I n ... 1 fmimn u-liffh l.rr.ii',ti, flia
A n'ld J i,iun- num. til ii. in. ..kiwi mifiiiii ..ii. uni-a iui , ... , . ., ... ... .
.... ..-.. i . . . n. i .30, 1916. Some dav the strike will be
. 1'1-J'l ."IVLHIh l ..... nk.(u DJ fl, ,I,1
report on the crops said one tiling.; '
Miss Giles' report said another and; T . .
, .: J. r. Newton, member and roomer
it was her report which won and ... ... , . .... , "
... . i at the , is leaving Bisbee for the
turned the tide of the cotton market. , ' ... .
... . .. , ,, , . : coast and from there will go to New
She was comparatively well known be-' , Wi . ....
.-I. ,w i,t !,.. .hi- i,,oJ tni-., ork- u 13 ni0iit Ilkt,1' that by the
Spaulding and Henry Stoghill win
ning first place in the special race,
despite the fact that they had to carry
their car from the flood gate to the
finish. Nearly all the prizes have
been given out Every boy in the race
has a prize or will get one. l.-adore
Jacobs landed in fifth place after he
had unsuccessfully tried to run over a
Ford. He didn't want first place, any
how, and he got the tennis racket be
had his eyes on and will soon be a
star at the game.
Williams is making great use of the
piano, playing all the latest scientific
music he can get hold of there is still
hope.
three centuries of time on account of
strikes in eight months prior to June
Everybody cordially invited to at
tend these services. John Eiting, pas
tor.
Peterson is still working for the
C. Q. carpenter shop. He reports the
dropping of a bucket of paint on his
boss. His job looked pale till the boss
finally told him to do something else.
Methodist Episcopal.
Sunday school at 9:45.
Public worship at 11. Perverting
God's Way.
Kpworth League meeting at 6:13. A.
Crittenden loader.
Evening worship at 7:45. Some
Shameful Possibilities.
grams began to pour into New York!"'"" T " "c
from all over the country. "Who Ls : ready to jom the army. While here
Cilcs?" they asked. And "Giles" has .ew,t.on WM 'employed as engineer for
tue t opper yueen.
&t. John's Episcopal Church.
Sunday school at 9:43 a. in.
Morning service at 11 a. m. H. L.
Brewster, rector.
SPECIAL NATIONAL LEAGUE
BENEFIT GAME POSTPONED
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK. July . A ba
game arranged for next Sunday be
tween the Brooklyn and Cihcag"
teams of the National league lor the
benefit of war charities was called oil
tonight by Charles 11. Ebbets, presi
dent of the Brooklyn club, who was
held today with Wilbert Robinson, the
team's manager, for the court .f spe
cial sessions, charged with violating
the law latt Sum! y by putting on a
game between Brooklyn and Philadel
phia at EMiets Field.
The contention of the club owners
is that no admission was charged for
the game as ticket:) were sold for ;i
patriotic concert which preceded the
contest.
Russian mission
l.ift r p:m if July.
will visit Bosto'i
never wanted for adherents the nation
over since then. I
She Never Speculates. ;
"1 owe it all to the fact that I never
speculate," she said. "The tempta
tion to do so is almost overpowering.
, but it has been the Waterloo of more
i than one statistician. If one specu
j lates, it is only human nature to be
1 biased in the direction in which you
! want the market to go. But you iVn
see it is the utmost folly to do so, b'.-
I eause, win or lose, you would lose the
I confidence of your clients.
ball' A h,r imnm-lMiit thinir w tn nr.
mil no one to influence you. You must
rely solely on your own judgment.
This is absolutely imperative."
Between .T.Mt(i and $::.0H0 has
been spent annually by the government
in getting a line on tin- cotton crop
from wliirli to compile its aniiuVl re
port. But in this, says Miss Giles
ami evidently, to judge by tier Ioiik
list of c.i.iits, she is correct there
are many mistakes which would be
filial to investors. Many small towns
arc never reported at all. Then, too,
she learned to build much on t!i'
tenor of general remarks of the
growers, which were a feature of In r
postcard system and from which siie
believes she came nearer getting a'
the nal comlili ns than the gi vern
nieiit. wih its spei i.il i'ive.-ti.iUrs.
Teddy BrayfieM, at the Bisbee Im
provement company, is on his annual
vacation. Teddy has not fully decided
where he will go yet, as he likes Bis
bee too well to leave it even for a cou
ple of weeks.
Dcbely will soon be a member of
the noted Killfish club. He knocks
the bottom out of the pool every time
he dives.
Hoesch is the proud possessor of a
new gasoline wagon. He says maybe
the girls will speak to him a little
more now.
Going Good.
Few medicines have met with more
favor or accomplished more good than
Chamberlain's Colic and Diarrhvoa
Remedy. John F. Jantzen. Delmeny.
Sask.. says of it, "I have used Cham
berlain's Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy
myself and in my family, and can
recommend it as being an exceptional-
Fred KrcKbaum. an old member of nue preparation." -Adv.
the "Y," who has recently been play-
in;? ball in Denver, returned to Bisbeo Our Want Adds Bring Result
The Y. M. C. A. hotel of Chicago had
279,51i registrations for rooms in nine
mouths. The hotel has 1.800 rooms.
-r-
Convenient 1o all Places of Interest
mmm.
LOS ANGELES
Hotel Clark is situated In the heart of
ritv. near beautiful Central Park. Cars to
Beaches. Mountains, etc.. from Hill St.j
Station directly opp. hotel. European
plan. Tariff from ?1 SO per day. Bisbeee
patronage solicited. Illustrated folder up
on request. F. M. DIM MICK. Lessee. f
thtt UJ duo rnu.T t'cuijjr FOUR
THE E13EEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JULY 8, 1917.
JULY C
EA
AN QE
AL
Low as may be the price of these featured lines, the
selection nevertheless embraces models whose character
and malting would ordinarily cost twice the figures at
which we offer these lines Women wishing to econ
omize will find here every desire for low prices and good
quality. We are practically certain to have your size if
Many women of the Warren District are taking
advantage of this wonderful opportunity to replenish
their summer wardrobe. We have assembled together
for this sale the best and choicest selection of suits, coats
and dresses for mid-summer wear ever shown- in this
District. Your own individual tastes and ideas are
shown in these elegant lines.
v -& ' J
you come now.
R
1 1 ecss
Afternoon Dresses Evening Dresses Women's Wool Suits
iff!
At One-Half Price
It is impracticable to her describe the very num
erous models. Speaking generally and with accuracy
these cJresses embrace all of the accepted best ideas in
style for afternoon and street wear that have been de
veloped this season. In all sports colors of printed and
plain Georgettes, Faille, Silks, Khaki Kool with coin
dots. Some are beautifully beaded and braided in colors
Df white, pink, chartereuse, Chinese blue, turquoise and
shadow lawn green.
$32.50 Values Special at $16.25
$40.00 Values-Special at $20.00
$42.00 Values Special at $22.50
$50.00 Values Special at ..$25.00
$55.00 Values Special at $27.50
$63.50 Values Special at $31.75
$65.00 Values Special at $32.50
$69.50 Values Special at $34.75
$75.00 Values Special at $37.50
$90.00 Values Special at $45.00
Afternoon Dresses
Lovely afternoon and street dresses of Georgettes, Taffetas, Crepe
de Chine, printed and plain Shantun gs and combinations of Georgette,.
Crepe de Chine, White Pongee, Crepe Meteor and Foulards in navy, black,
gold, grey, Copenhagen and white. Values to $39.50
Special at $19.50
Lovely Street and Afternoon Dresses
On Sale at $29.75
Beautiful Dresses in the season's smartest styles in Crepe Meteor,
Georgettes, Pussy Willow Crepe, and Soft Taffeta. We have only a
limited number of dresses in this lot, trimmed with embroidery, beads,
chenille braiding and tassels; values to $50.00. On sale at $27.75. i
W At One-Half Price
Many of the season's most stirking models
find their beauty and charm in these clever dresses
of Crepe de Chine, Chiffons, Georgette and Silk
Net, made over Metallic Cloth and Satin Petticoats
in colors, maize, nile, rose, orchid, pink, white and
blue.
$12.50 Values $6.25
$13.75 Values $6.87
$15.00 Values $7.50
$22.50 Values $11.25
$25.00 Values $12.50
$30.00 Values $15.00
$32.50 Values $16.25
$45.00 Values $22.50
Fashionable Skirts
At Half.Price
All of the newest, most de
sirable style features are repre
sented. An event in which is
included a choice collection of
the most beautiful models.
The effects are very smart,
including sport and staple skirts
in White Satin, White Khaki
Kool, White Serge, Printed
White Silk Poplin, Stripe Flan
nel, Figured Shantung, Fancy
plain Woolens and Black and
Navy Serge.
At One-Half Price
These suits are from stock exclusively they are
the representative models and materials of the season
they offer a vraiety of sellections which is both var
ious and select but the assortments are incomplete
there is only a limited number of suits of a style ; in
cluded are Men's Wear Serge, Gaberdine, French
Serge, Wool Jersey, combinations of Silk and Wool
Jersey, Sport Silk, Khaki Kool, plain and figured.
Taffetas in all colors and sport shades; every suit in
the house going at Half-Price.
$17.50
$21.00
$22.50
$25.00
$27.50
$30.00
$32.50
$33.75
$35.00
$37.50
$39.50
Values .
Values
Values
Values
Values
Values
Values
Values
Values
Values
Values
...$8.75
. .$10.50
..$11.25
..$12.50
. $13.75
. .$15.00
..$16.50
. .$16.87
. .$17.50
..$18.75
..$19.75
$40.00
$45.00
$47.50
$49.50
$50.00
$55.00
$57.50
$59.50
$60.00
$62.50
$65.00
Values
Values
Values
Values
Values
Values
Values
Values
Values
Values
Values
.$20.00
.$22.50
.$23.75
.$24.75
.$25.00
.$27.50
.$28.75
.$29.75
.$30.00
.$31.25
.$32.50'-
rrrvrJjL.;-w"
1 Wl
Women's Elegant Summer Coats
At One-Fourth Off
. Owing to the late arrival of hot weather we have had a remarkable
season for Coats; but we still have some good styles and patterns to offer
at one-fourth off in Wool Jersey, Wool Poplin, Wool Loopine. Wool Vel
our, Taffeta, in emerald rose, tan, corn, Belgium Blue, black and white
check, lemon and heather, heavy pongee and Palm Beach in natural and
white; Coats that have been selling from $9.50 to $59.50.
Parasols at OneHalf Price Afternoon Dresses, Special at $42.50
Our entire stock of fancy Parasols includ
ing values from $3.75 to $12.50 in Clearance
Sale at Yz off. .
ssemtled in this lot at sz.DU are dresses that originally sold tor
$75.00. They are our best models in staple shades of beige, grey and
blues ;-exclusive styles and wonderful reproductions of imported models
in sizes from 36 to 42.
Sale of Summer
Wash Goods
Burton's
Sport
Fabrics
Bright attractive pat-
terns on a good Linen
finished Fabric, 36 in.
' wide that have sold
throughout the season
at 50c to 65c a yard.
Now on sale at the yard
Smart Evening Dresses
At One-Third Off
Lovely evening dresses made of Silk Net over Cold and Sil
ver Cloth, beautifully trimmed with Jet Bands, in white, maize,
pink and black, in sizes from 1 6 to 40.
$35.00 Values Special at $23.35
$37.50 Values Special at $25.00
$39.50 Values Special at $26.50
$40.00 Values Special at $26.65
$50.00 Values Special at .$33.35
Silk Waists at $4.50
29c
Dolly Madison Voiles
29c
This is our regular 45c
quality in many new pat
terns. Special at the
yard
33
24c
36-Inch
Gabardine
Skirting
With white ground
in printed figures in
a large variety of the
season's best colors.
These are regular
75c and 85c values.
On sale at the yard
47c
Reception Voiles
Attractive Woven
Stripe Voiles in eighteen
new patterns in addition
to our stock patterns that
sells regularly at 35c. This
special purchase enables
us to offer them at yard
Handkerchief Linon, 29c a Yard
A 40 inch Linen finished Batiste with printed stripes and
figures; a very attractive material, in a regular way they would be
worth 50c the yard.
36-Etamine, 29c a Yard
Pretty floral patterns, very sheer, especially good for simple
evening gpwns. Extra good value at the yard, 29c
-And without a single exception they are beautiful! Made of
Georgette Crepe, Crepe de Cihne and striped and plain washable
embroidery in plain white, green, flesh, maize, and a few creams.
All the waists included in this lot are our regular $8.50 values.
Georgette and Crepe Waists
Special at $6.95
These are all new models beautifully trimmed with embroid
ery and beading in floral designs, Georgette printed in sport color
dots and figures in combinations of harmonizing shades of gold,
green, flesh and white, in sizes up to 42. Values to $10.95.
Georgette Waists at $9.75
Exquisitely lovely describes these waists, with large printed
dots ; some with embroidery and beading and Horse Shoe Collars,
and some with Persian Blouse effect. A very limited number that
represent all that is left of our highest priced waists. 'Values to
$19.75.
Printed Lawns at 9c a Yard
27 inch Printed Lawn and Batiste. Many pretty patterns for
children's wear and for cool house dresses. Clearance Sale price,
9c per yard.
Wash Goods at 55c a Yard
Our best quality voiles and novelty wash goods that sell
regularly at 85c the yard and upward, in Clearance Sale at the
yard, 55c
PRINTED VOILES 36 to 42 inches wide, values at 35c
to 45c the yard SPECIAL AT-TIIE YARD 19c
Gabardine Auto Coats
One-Fourth Off
Cravanetted Rain Proof Gaberdine Auto Coats, made in
nobby styles with large collars and belted effects in colors of grey,
tan, navy and black. Just at the season of the year that rain coats
are most in demand we offer these coats at 1-4 off. Values from
$15.00 to $45.00.
Women's Hose, 3 Pairs for $1.00
Fibre Silk Hose in black and white ; all sizes. We are slightly
overstocked in this number and to reduce our stock we offer them
in the Clearance Sale at 3 pairs for $1.00.
Special Showing of
Porch Furniture
Porch Furniture in Ivory and Red. This indeed, it a rare op
portunity to secure the best grade Porch Furniture at extra ordinary
low prices.
SETTEES PORCH ROCKER CHILDS ROCKER
$11.00 values, spe- $8.00 value, special $1.50 value, special
cial at at at
$8.75 $6.50 $1.25
PORCH TABLE PORCH CHAIRS PORCH CHAIR
$8.00 values, spe- $7.50 values, special $6.00 values, special
cial at at at
$6.50 $6.00 $4.75
Porch Swing, Special $3.00
Our regular $4.00 number built for hard service, and weather,
complete with chains, special at $3.00.
Porch Swing, Special $4.00
A good serviceable Swing complete with chains, that sells
regularly at $5.50. Special at $4.00.
PORCH ROCKERS A regular $6.50 value offered in Clear
ance Sale. Special at $5.25.