markets.
MEW YORK CITY.
Average Price of Cop
per for week ending,
August 15, 25.417.
WEATHER.
Sunday and Monday
generally fair; ont
much change in tem
perature. Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
VOL. 20. NO. 63.
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 19, 1917.
''Tl lei
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MOjij..- ,
iffl
EXPLOSION W
QUEBEC POWDER PLANT;
175 BELIEVED KILLED
DOZEN BUILDINGS
ARE DEMOLISHED
BY BIG BLASTS
Rescue Work Is Hampered by!
rI- r I J J JIJ
iazuig nun is nunureus
of Men and Women Flee'
I?
Into Countryside for Safety,
(By Review Leased Wire)
RIGUAD, Que.. August 18. The
great plant here of Curtis and
Harvey, Limited. explosive
manufacturers was wrecked to
day by a series' of terrific explosions
and buried beneath the ruins of a doz
en structures that comprised the fac
tory are an unknown number of dead.
Several thousand male and female
workers employed at the plant were
in the danger zone for hours. An ear
ly estimate based on first reports
placed the number of killed at about
250, but indications this afternoon that
there were comparatively few casual
ties. A relief train arrived from Mont
real at noon bringing doctors and nurs
es but owing to fierce beat from the
burning ruins of the plant they were
unable to approach. No death list can
be obtained until the ruins cool. .
The loss in the value of stock and
buildings will amount to millions.
The first explosion was caused by
the overheating of the machinery In
the nitric acid building, flames leap
ed through the building and another
explosion occurred. Most of the work
ers are believed to have had time to
escape.
Thirteen other explosions occurred
at short intervals shaking the sur
rounding country like a series of earth
quakes. One of the explosions blew down a
number of houses in Dragon, where
most of the workers lived, and two
farm houses a mile away.
Estimate 150 to 175 Killed.
MONTREAL, Que., August IS. A
report from Riguad, Que., today esti
mated the loss of life between 150
and 175 persons. Examination of the
ruins for the bodies had not been pos
sible as the shattered remnants of
the buildings were still blazing. A
roll cell of the employes at the plant
will be made to ascertain if possible
the exact number of dead. This work
has been made difficult by .the explo
sion when the workers were changing
shifts. Officials of the company stated.)
thct it had been es'ablished two fore
men are among the missing and as
they 1-ad not been heard from it is
not certain they were killed.
The difficulty in rounding up the
thousands of men and women workers
at the plant in order to determine
the number of missing, was increased
ty the fact that hundreds of the em
ployes, terrified by their experiences,
had scattered throug the adjacent
countryside.
French Guns Force Germans
To Give Up Strong Redoubts
fBv Review Leased Wire I
BRITISH FRONT IN FRANCE AND
BELGIUM, Aug. 18. The French have
completed their conquest of the enemy
territory south of St. Jansbeek river
and the Breendek river, which
branches off from the St. Jansbeek to
the east. Two strong German re
doubts. Les LI la 8 and Mondovi farm,
which bad held out against all attacks
since the beginning of the allied of
fensive on Thursday, have capitulated
and the. French have pushed their
front forward to a neutral line formed
by these waterways.
Les Lilas redoubt lies about a third
of a mile west of the Juncture of the
St. Jansbeek and the Breendek. Al
though the garrison was small, their
position was well-nigh impregnable go
far as infantry attacks were concerned,
rnd it was only when heavy artillery
was brought up and concentrated on
them late yesterday that the Germans
have surrendered. When the French
advanced Thursday they passed on
either side of Les Lilas, leaving the
redoubt in a pocket. Since then there
BISBEE AND DOUGLAS
WILL JOIN HANDS
AT BIG MEETING
Bisbee and Douglas this evening
at 7:30 o'clock at the City park will
join hands in a big meeting. The
branch Loyaltw leagues of this city
and the Smelter metropolis are be
hind the movement and a monster
attendance is expected.
Among others, James P. Doyle,
gifted speaker of Douglas, and Al
bert Sanies, of the same town, will
6Peak- The ? & a. band has been
Biviirpil 1-r thp nrvnsmn and other
j entertainment will be furnished
during the course of the meeting.
There Is room enough for every
body. It will be the first big meet
ing of the citizens of the two com
munities in many years.
The time is 7:30!
Last Ten Percent
To Be Selected
With Great Care
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, August 18. Renew
ed discussion of the status of married
men under the selective service law
has been aroused by publication of
President Wilson's reply yesterday to
Senator Week's inquiry dealing with
this and other subjects. In many
quarters the president's statement that
be had no doubt Senator Week's point
as to the exemption of married men
was well taken was interpreted as an
indication that he approved exemption
of any many of family who had not
married merely to escape military
duty.
The president has full power to di
rect that all regulations governing se
lection be amended to this effect
The regulation promulgated by the
president making exemption possible
Only in case of actual dependency. Is
taken as an indication that no gener
al exemption of married men as a
class will be given now. In caution
ing local boards today against attempt
ing to fill quotas by selecting an in
equitable number of men who havb
waived exemption and are, therefore,
practically volunteers. General Crow
der said that the greatest care must
be exercised in sending forward the
last ten per cent of any quota.
"The last ten per cent," he said,
"must be selected with great care to
be sure that no one in the whole quota
is sent for military duty while a se
lected' person with an earlier order of
oblijation for military service is al
lowed to remain at home."
RALPH DE PALMA WINS
ALL SHEEPHEAD
RACES.
(By Review Leased Wire).
SHEEPHEAD, N. Y August 18.
Ralph De Palma won all events of the
three-cornered automobile race over
the Sheepshead' Bay speedway track
today at distances of 20, 30 and 50
miles. Louis Chevrolet finished sec
ond in the first two events but after
being compelled to stop twice to mend
tires withdrew from the third contest.
has been conttnual fighting about this
position, which was rendered doubly
strong through the presence of a con
siderable flood tract and artificial
ditches. The intense artillery fire yes
terday played havoc with the redoubt
and the garrison finally surrendered,
an officer and 23 men being taken
prisoner. The officer said they had
intended to fight to a finish but
changed their minds when the big guns
began their work.
Mondovi farm wag a similar position,
lying in an angle formed by the St.
Jansbeek and the Breendek. As in the
case of Les Lilas, the French artillery
bombarded the garrison into submis
sion and they surrendered during last
night The total number of prisoners
and guns captured by the French Is
not as yet available but the prisoners
will aggregate over 400 and about fif
teen guns were taken. The small
number of prisoners is due largely to
the fact that the Germans were hold
ing most of this section in small gar
risons In numerous redoubts like Les;
Lilas. j
THE BEGINNING OF A BETTER DAY
4& ; tills !iT?riti ,' ITrd ':!' H ': r.Sr-r: 1 irt.". t: V ih - LA'
I j:
Drawn ICitlUHlvely lort The Daily Keview.
7 !!:
IF WOBBLIES WANT REVOLUTION LET
IT HERE AND WE WILL END IT FOR THEM" SAYS
SHERIFF WHEELER IN REPORT TO WILEY L JONES
By Review Leased Wire).
PHOENIX. August I8.i-The re
port of Attorney-General Wi
ley E. Jones on the deporta
tions of alleged I. W. W.
members and sympathizers from
Bisbee on July 12 was placed in
Governor Thomas E. Campbell's
hands at noon today. The report
consisted largely of statements of
residents of the Warren District,
Including Sheriff Wheeler of Co
chise county and Mayor Erickson
of Bisbee. Attorney-General Jones'
report made no recommendations
and Governor Campbell has not in-
dicated what course will be taken.
CONTINUE PLANS
FOR BIG STRIKE
SPOKANE, Wash., Aug. 18. Jas.
Rowan,' district secretary of the Indus
trial Workers t the World, who is
sued the call for general strike in
Montana, Oregon, Idaho and Washing
ton to begin. Monday, unless members
of the organization who are now held
in jail are released, continued today
to perfect arrangements for the strike.
Rowan said Officials of the organiza
tion issued the strike call at the urgent
demand of workers. , Plans proposed
In some quarters to arrest the leaders
of the strike movement apparently do
not worry Rowan. He said his organi
zation always prepares for such em
ergencies and if he is arrested his un
derstudy will act as district secretary.
The city and county Official., joined
in an appeal to Governor Lister today
to take action against the Industrial
Workers. Mayor Fleming was the only
official who refused to agree to a de
mand for Jhleral troops.
The appeal states that the Industrial
Workers tf the World situation ia tins
vicinity is rapidly becoming a serrous
menace. "Crops are in danger of n t
being harvested, due to activities of
the Industrial Workers of th-i World
organization,' which apparently has
headquarters here," the petition reads.
Continuing, "Sufficient evidence is
available to state laws to prosecute
the criminal element 'of this unpatriot
ic Organization and the popuation of
this section of the state has b-sn
aroused to such an extent that sooner
or later there may be bloodshed."
True Meaning of
I. W. W. Told By
Senator Ashurst
WASHINGTON. August 18 Senator
Ashurst of Arizona denounced '.he I.
W. W. Friday in the senate.
"With the I. W. W.. perjury is a
fine art and murder has been reduced
to a science," the Arizona senator de
clared. "After murder has been com
mitted and a man Is brought into
court the organization produces fine
alibis. I have been asked the mean
ing of I. W. W. It stands for Imper
ial Wilhelm's Warriors."
Senator Asliurst said he expec's in a
later speech to explain further re
garding the purposes of the organization.
NORTHWESTLW.W
Sheriff Harry Wheeler's report
which was included in that of Attorney-General
Jones, said:
"I would repeat the operation
any time I find my own people en
dangered by a mob composed of
eighty per cent aliens and enemies
of my government
"I intend when deserted by all
other repartments who should aid
and protect, yet who do not, to
protect my own people by the best
possible method and in the most
effective way."
- Referring to aUied statemei's
of Columbus leaders to the effect
11 Billions More
Neededby Nation
Declares McAdoo
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Aug. 18. Authori
zation to issue bonds and certificates
totalling $11,538,645,460 at one time is
provided in the new war budget bill
embodying recommendations of Secre
tary McAdoo, which came from the
printer today to the bouse ways and
means committee.
In addition to authority to float a
$7,538,945,460 4 per cent bjnd issue
to care for a previous $3,000,000,000
and a future $4,000,000,000 allied loan
authorization, the secretary desires
power to issue additional certificates
of indebtedness to the amount of $2.
000.000.000 and an equal amount of
war savings certificates in a form
available to small investors.
E
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PEKING, China, Aug. 16. Twelve
American missionaries and a dozen
other foreigners, mostly women and
children, who were beseiged by Chin
ese bandits at Tabol, a town atout
160 miles northwest of Peking, have
been rescued by officers of the Unit
ed States marine corps. Word came
today that Captain C. B. Matthews and
Lieutenant Thomas M. Luby of the
marine corps and the missionaries had
arrived at Kalgon, about half way
between Peking and Tabul.
PEACE LEAGUE FAVORS
CONTINUATION OF WAR
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK, Aug. 18. Although the
peace proposals of Pope eBnedict are
regarded as supporting the principle
for which the league to nforce peace
stands, the executive committee of the
league today adopted a resolution that ,
aws telegraphed to President Wilson
saying that it felt a league of nations .
which will guarantee security of the
world would be made effective only by
the abolition of Prussian military
autocracy at whatever cost
"The league to enforce peace there
fore urges th vigorous prosecution of
the war until Prussian militarism Is
destroyed either by allied fore or the'
uprising of a Gorman democracy.'
MARINES RESCU
AMERICANS FROM
CHINESE BANDITS
!
THEM START
that a labor revolution was at
hand. Wheeler stated:
"If the men shriek of revolu
tion, I only hope they come here
to begin their revolution. We will
end it for them.
"Upon the decision to deport the
strikers I requested secrecy to pre
vent bloodshed. There were no
jails In the counyt capable of
holding so many prisoners, the
state could not, and the govern
ment would not aid us and I did
what was left to me, I pursued
the only couise that promised
freedom froiu. bloodshed and an-,
archy."
TREASON PLOT IS
(By Review Leased Wire).
McALASTER. Okla., August 18.
Seventy-three alleged anti-draft riot
ers from Seminole county were held to
the federal grand jury in bonds aggre
gating almost half a million dollars
at the completion of their preliminary
hearings before United States Com
missioner McMillan today. Twenty-
five were liberated by the court but
held on $1,000 bonds as witnesses.
The hearings were completed after
Will Hobler, the government's chief
witness, had told in detail of the al
leged activities of leaders of the Work
ing Class Union in Seminole county.
H. C. Spence. alleged organizer of
the Working Class Union, Hobler, tes
tified, had advised his fellow Mem
bers that they could "beat the army
draft with the match."
"Abraham Lincoln said the most
dangerous weapon In the world Is a
match. There still are plenty of
matches left," Hobler swore Spence
had told the men.
Hobler testified he was a member of
a "dynamite camp."
Preliminary hearings of defendants
from Hughes County will begin Mon
day. Fire Destroys
Mexican Boats
(By Review Leased Wire.)
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 18. Two steel
boats, bought by the Mexican govern
ment in Chicago for lighthouse tend
ers, were destroyed in a series of fires
in East St Louis while the boats were
on the Mississippi river tonight bound
for Mexico. The boats. La Azteca and
La Falrlsta, had been taking on gaso
line, food and other supplies, prepara
tory to resuming the Journey south
Sunday.
While making a final test of the en
gine in La Aztect the engineer threw
a cigarette' stub into a corner. A few
sconds later fire broke out followed
by a terrific explosion. La FalrisU
caught fire from sparks from the other
boat and in a few seconds two more
explosions occured, both boats g'jlng
down.
TOLD BY W k ESS
AT RIOT HEARING
ALLIES PRE
ANOTHER VICIOUS BLOW
AT ENEMY IN FLANDERS
HE THOUGHT IT WAS
IMPOSSIBLE AND
IT WAS NOT!
He hadn't reckoned on what a
Review Want Ad would do. C. M.
Wheeler, a Bisbee citizen, wanted
bis barn shingled
"Not a carpenter In town 'mat I
can get," he grumbled.
"Try a Want Ad in the Review,"
suggested a friend.
"Shucks!" said Mr. Wheeler, "th
Review can't make carpenters."
But he finally decided to try. He
put a four-line ad in the classified
column. AND, be got his carpen
ters. Got 'em quick.
You can get anything you want.
In reason, with a Review Want Ad,
and Kits of unreasonable things be
sides. Hoover Appeals
To Americans to
Conserve Wheat
x (By Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON, Aug. 18. Declaring
the United States and its allies face a
wheat deficit of 400.000,000 bushels un- j
less new economies are inaugurated,
Herbert C. Hoover tonight appealed capturing a strong German point of
again to the American people Va elim- j support east of the Steenbeke river,
inate waste and to conserve wheat by The British have organized their newly
substituting other cereals. A saving ' conquered terrain and the artillery
of one pound of wheat flour a week for ' bombardment on this front again has
European use, he declared, would go '. assumed a degree of drum fire inten
far toward solving the food question. ! sity. presaging another vicious blow
"The allies," said Mr. Hoover In for- j at the German lines. The Berlin war
mal statement "are isolated from their I office now admits the loss, after se
markets, other than in Canada and the ! vere fighting, of the Belgian village of
United States, on which they were ac-1 Langemarck, northeast of Ypres, and
customed to rely before the war. The j says the German troops have occupied
Russian supply cannot be got out. Bui- j lines in front of the positions con
garian and Rumanian supplies are in quered by the British,
the hands of the central empires. The i Retake All Trenches
voyage from Australia and India Is On the river Aisne front the German
three times as long and therefore re-1 crown prince directed a number of at
quires three times as many tons of ! tacks on the French trenches, notably
shipping as is required from North in the vicinity of Froidmont farm, but
Atlantic ports. There has been a large
tries.
"All the allied countries are econ
omlzing their food. But the allies are
unable to use other cereals alone for i
bread. They can use them tnly as
addd to wheat flour to make the war
bread now in universal use in Euro
pean countries.
"The deficit of 400,000.000 busheels
can bt sT least partially overcome if
we can increase our exports from 88,
000,000 to 220.000.000. This can be ac
complished TT we will substitute one
pound of other cereals 1'or one pound
of wheat flour weekly per person."
CAPTAIN GUYNEMER GETS
TWO MORE PLANES
(By Review Leased Wire).
BRITISH FRONT IN FRANCE AND
BELGIUM. Aug. 18. From a section
of the French front comes word that
the renowned aviator. Captain George
Guynemer brought down tvj more
German machines, making 52 be has
accounted for.
Uncle Sam Expected to Take
Roleof Nation 's Coal Dealer
WASHINGTON, Aug. 18. Indica-
tlong that the government is preparing
to take control of the coal industry!
strengthened today when President
Wilson paid a visit to the federal tra Je
commission and went over with its
members estimates of coal productiou
costs and recommendations for dealing
with the situation completed by the
commission last night after months of
Investigation. Definite action to re
duce prices to the consumer and to
bring about a better distribution, it'
was learned, will be taken early next
week.
Before going to the trade commis
sion the president called on Herbert
Hoover, n a pied to administer the food
ct. In which are provisionsfor control
of coal.
The president is deeply concerned
over the coal situation. . Even repre
sentatives of the operators admit that
parts of the country face a shortage
this winter, and from the public com-'
plaints are pouring in that prices are
out of all reason. The fact that sev
eral governors are threatening to take
PARI FOR
BIG GUNS BELCH
FORTH WARNING
OF NEW ATTACK
Berlin Finally Admits Loss of
Langemarck 42,000 Pris
oners Taken by Austro-Ger-mans
on East Front
(By Kenew Leased Wlrej
C
ROWN Prince RuDprecht of Ba
varia, continues to hurl counter
attacks against the new positions
captured by the Canadians in their
recent offensive in the region of Lens.
Saturday morning the Germans forced
their way into the Canadian trenches
northwest of the French mining cen
ter, but after furious hand-to-hand
fighting they were ejected. leaving a
considerable number of dead on the
battlefield.
On the Belgian front from the North
sea coast to the Ypres sector, where
the British and French In the offensive
begun in the middle of the week, took:
1,200 prisoners "and 24 guns, th-
j French again have pushed forward.
i all were repulsed. Preparations for a
tor of the Champagne region were
broken up by French fire. On the
Verdun front a spirited French attack
swept over the German positions in
Caurieres Wood, enabling the French
to retake all the trenches which had
been wrested from them on August 16
and 17.
Aviators of all the belligerents on
the western front were active as th
week closed. French aviators shot
down seven German machines and
forced eight others to land in a badly
damaged condition. On the night of
August 17-13. French aerial squadrons
dropped fourteen tons of explosives ou
German aviation grounds, railway sta
tions and encampments. British air
men destroyed 23 Teuton airplanes
and forced 13 others to land. Eleven
British planes and two French ma
chines, according to the British and
French reports, did not return. The
Germans claim to have accounted for
26 entente airplanes.
On the eastern front military activ
ity was largely confined to the Ruman-
(Continued on Page Six.)
over the industry in their states is
prompting early federal action.
Three courses are open to the presi
dent Under the food bill he may fix
prices at the mines and to consumers,
or he may direct some government
agency to requisition the output of all
mines, selling it to the public. The
third course would contemplate a vol
untary agreement by operators to sell
at a fair price, with the government di
recting distribution.
Officials who have followed the sit
uation most closely believe that the
president will direct the requisitioning
of all coal mined.
The requisitioning plan would call
a division of the country into districts.
Every operator woudl be paid for his
product on a basis of cost of produc
tion, plua a definite percentage of
profit AH the coal in a district would
be sold to the public at one price, al
though the prices fixed for different
districts might vary considerably. Al
lowances would be given operators
for quantity-production and efficiency
of service. TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 19, 1917.
Entire Company of German
Troops Captured In Cavern
By Plucky French Priest
FRENCH FRONT, Aug. 13. The
story of the capture of nearly a com
pany of German troops who were
trapped in the Dragon's Cave near the
famous Chemin Des Dames when the
French troops stormed and carried the
German position along that historic
road, was told to the Associated Press
correspondent the other day by Father
Py, a Franciscan priest, who, with a
doctor, brought the prisoners into the
French near lines. Father Py was act
ing as stretcher-bearer to one of the
most celebrated regiments of the
French army, the 152nd infantry.
The Dragon's Cave is near the farm
of Hurtebise, or what was a farm, for
it has now become nothing but a heap
of bricksj mud and splintered timbers.
He is a small man, is Father Py,
who whenthe war broke out was en
gaged in missionary wrok in Brazil.
The call of his country brought him
back to France, and although he is a
native of the south of France he vol
unteered for service in the ambulance
section of the 152nd, a regiment from
the Vosgea. He explained to the cor
respondent how on the day of the bat
tle he had been detailed to go out and
tend to the wounded, but not to ad
vance beyond a certain trench, which
was very near the most advanced
French line. ..When he got there he
found no one. , The French soldiers
had gone forward with one bound
right in the track of the curtain fire
put up by the artillery and had
reached the German trenches on the
other side of the crest out of sight.
panion, who bad remained outside the
cave. , )
While the note was being carried
to the French officer, a German doc-j
tor in the cave showed the priest thej
resting place of several German
wounded. Among them was a Jesuit!
priest who was serving in the German I
army as a soldier, with whom the
French priest spoke In Latin. To the
other wounded Germans Father Py:
gave the consolations of the church.'
Afterwards and while awaiting the
return of his messenger with the!
French, officer. Father Py advised the
German officers to disarm their men
in order to avoid any possibility of;
misunderstanding. He himself super-'
Intended the operation, telling eachj
Boldier to discard every weapon hej
possessed, but that they might retain
small pocket-knives.
A little later, just when the process
of disarmament was being completed,!
a French officer or rather a doctor i
appeared at the mouth of the cave and i
the German officers surrendered their
swords and revolvers to him.
Then began the exit of the prison
ers through the narrow entrance and!
they were all marched through a j
communication trench back to French I
regimental headquarters with an es
cort composed only of the priest, hisj
stretcher-bearing comrade and the ,
French doctor. They were almost a
company and their arrival caused con
siderable surprise at headquarters.
The little priest, who always was a
favorite in the regiment, with which
with miraculously slight losses. Thei he participates in all the hardships of
priest and a companion looked about j fighting and in constant exposure to
in search of wounded but could find; wounds and death, is now quite a hero. I
none. Then, thinking under the cir
cumstances they were justified in dis
obeying orders, they climbed over the
top of the trench and went further
forward.
Continues Hi Advance
He never leaves the men to go oni
leave and did not even go to Paris
when a detachment of the regiment
went there to receive the decoration of'
the knotted cord in the colors of the!
I military medal which has been cozi-i
' A little further on they saw a Ger- ferrea on it for having Deen live times j
man running about with his clothes I mentioned in general army orders for;
aflame and uttering cries for help, atj bravery. The 152nd is the only regi-j
the same time pointing behind him toj ment in the French army besides the;
a hole in the ground, where two other Foreign Legion, which has won this;
men were gesticulating. The priest! honor. j
went on thinking to find some more Gunners Fire Blind , !
wounded men perhaps men of his own As a result of its good work at:
regiment but soon he saw they were Hurtebise and on the California pla-j
Germans. At once he raised his cruci ! teau further east, the Chemin Des:
fix in the air in the belief it would ' Dames is now almost entirely in
protect him, and he continued to ad- French hands. The ladies for whom it;
vance. The Germans did not threaten was constructed would scarcely recog- j
him as he approached and soon he saw : nize it in its present condition, for
they were wounded. I there is not a foot of its length which ;
I On arriving at the entrance to what; is without a shell-hole and the whole j
ho had believed was a dugout, he found j of the sheltering trees which formerly
the hole went far into the side of the. lined its sides have all been torn away.!
crest. He entered the Dragon's Cavej To discover why Hurtebise has at-j
still holding his crucifix before himjtained such prominence one has toj
and shouting "Catholic!" Inside he learn of its high importance as a mi!i-j
found the hole spread out in all di-jtary position. It forms the highest,
rections and that it was full of armed ' point on the crest along which runs j
German soldiers. Four or five of them! the Chemin Des Dames the Ladies',
were officers and, under the impres-j Way. I
slon some of them at least would un-j The correspondent was able to note
derstand French, he called out in that! the peculiar value of this part of the!
language that he was a Catholic priest! crest when he went out to observe one.
and that if there were any German j of the many fights for its possession;
wounded there he was prepared to ad-j which have been waged since the
minister the rites of the church. "j French offensive began in April this :
'One of the officers spoke to him, year. From the southern side of the
asking what he was doing there and' crest the way had to be made with!
what was going on outside. He in- eyes and ears alert and legs ready to
formed him the French had made a , jump into any nearby shell-hole to
long advance over their heads and had! escape the splinters of high-explosive
crossed the crest, and that they had
better lay down their arms, for they
would either be killed or taken prison-! valley at hazard by the German artil-
ers in any event.
; The officers then held a discussion
among themselves, at the end of which
one of them, w ith tears streaming
down his face, said he supposed they
must resign themselves to their fate,
but they could only surrender to an
officer.
Sends Note to French
Father Py scribbled on a piece of pa
per a note to one of the French cap
tains, which was banded to his corn-
shell big enough to fell the most ro
bust tree, which are poured into the
lerv on the other side. The German
gunners cannot see the effects of their
fire since they have lost the best ob
servation points hence the constant
fighting to regain possession but;
they rarely cease their bombardment,:
their hope being to disturb and hinder!
the supplies coming p to the French
on the front line.
i
Few Drops on a
Corn or Callus
Farewell Dance
Is Planned For
General Tuthill
Instantly stops pain and they
lift right off with fingers.
Tlx Country club will give the offi
cers Vf the First Arizona a dance at
the club Tuesday night. It will be in
the nature of a farewell honor to Col
onelbeg pardon! Brigadier General
Tuthill before he goes away. There
is no time for invitations but the com
mittee in charge hopes all the club
members and their families will be
present to make this last affair one of
the best.
The Country club folks have enjoyed
monV KAlal ofTalfa vlvon fiv ttlA snl-
Apply a few drops of this djer boys and thpy the knak,
fighters to remember this last func
tion in the old home state, even when
they are in the wonderful land of
France.
This tiny bottle holds
the wonder of wonders. It
contains an almost magic
al drug called freez'one. It '
is a compound made from ,
ether.
freezone upon a tender.
aching corn or a hardened
callus. Instantly the sore
ness disappears and short
ly you will find the corn or
callus ho shriveled and
loose that )'ju just lift it
off with the fingers. It
doesn't hurt one particle.
You feel no pain or sore
ness when applying freez
one or afterwards. It does
not even irritate the skin.
HJr I Just ask in any drug
)i I I store for a small bottle of
freesAme. This will cost
but a few cents but will
positively rid your poor, suffering feet
of every hard corn, soft corn, or cor.i
between the toes, or the toueh calluses
on bottom of feet.
'fnien! Keep a tiny bottle on the
dresser and never let a corn aoiie
twice. Adv.
C.
Te-
RYAN VISITS BISBEE
Albert E. Ryan, brother of J.
Ryan, the county engineer, has
turned to Cochise county from San
Francisco, where he waH commissioned
second licutenunt in the national army.
Lieutenant Ryan will remain in the
district several days with his brother
and will hold himself in readiness t"
go tft. American I,ake, Wash., where he
begins his service.
MEN'S CLOTHING
And Four Practical Ways
To Save On Fine Suits
IF WE WERE TO VSE every good argument we could think of as an
inducement to bring you here to see the smart Clothes for Men included in
this Mark-down Sale, there is none that would be more powerful, more con
vincing, than the Suits themselves.
MEN'S AND YOUNG Men's Suits, full of snappy new ideas that are orig
inal and exclusive. Quiet, dignified colors and patterns that add tone
and refinement to any man's appearance. Let us show you these splendid
suits it will be our pleasure. And, perhaps, you'll agree with many others,
who can afford to pay more but have decided these are as fine as they
need. And the saving of $5 to $7.50 will be as welcome to you as to many
others who have selected suits during this Mark-down Sale.
$12.95
For $15.00
And $17.50
SUITS
$14.95
' For $20.00
And $22.50
SUITS
$18.95
For $25.00
And $27.50
SUITS
$21.95
For Men's
Regular $30.00
SUITS
MIDDY BLOUSES
$1.25 and $1.50
Values Monday
THE PRACTICABILITY of Middies make them a very desirable garment
for outing wear, and this reduction will cause active buying, for it is not
a long time ago that we made a similar offer and the announcement created
a sensation the buying was almost like go'ng to a fire.
THIS MONDAY Offer is likely to duplicate the crowds and score new
selling records. We warn you, therefore, to come as early as you can
The MJddies are in a variety of styles, including the Sport coat effect, wit!
large collar, belt and pockets of striped material; several other model:
equally as attractive and desirable. All sizes, choice 9&
C iean-Up Wool Sweaters
$ 6.50 WOOL SWEATERS FOR $3.25
$ 7.50 WOOL SWEATERS FOR $3.75
$10.00 WOOL SWEATERS FOR $5.00
THE PANAMA
UNDERMUSLINS98c
Gowns, Petticoat
and Envelope Chemise
WOMEN HAVE been enthusiastic in thei;
appreciation for the remarkable Undermus
lin values we have presented during the pasi
three or four weeks. This is evidenced bj
the increased response to each announce
ment. THESE GOWNS, Petticoats and Envelop
Chemise that are on sale Monday at 98c
represent, perhaps, the best value we have
offered for your consideration. In a va
riety of styles, simple or elaborately
trimmed.
mm
WASH SKIRTS
HALF-PRICE
THERE ISN'T anything that we
could say that would make you imag
ine these Skirts better than they are.
They're in the season's newest models,
including sports styles with patch
Dockets and belts: others that are
pleated or flared. All white Skirts,
or Sports stripes and figures in bright
colors.
$400 SKIRTS FOR $200
I $5.00 SKIRTS FOR $2.50
$6.50 SKIRTS FOR $3.25
$7.50 SKIRTS FOR $3.75
SELECT YOUR NEW FALL CORSET
With. Much Care and Discrimination
Choose a Royal Worcester or BONTON
"BON TON" CORSETS are the truest expression of every Corset virtue the highest achievement in the
art of modern Corsetry. Every wearer of "BON TON" Corsets is the proud possessor of a wealth of styla,
health, comfort and symmetry.
THERE IS A SUBTLE CHARM AND GRACE ABOUT ALL "BON TON" CORSETS WHICH APPEALS
TO YOUR FINER TASTE AND EXCITES YOUR ADMIRATION AND FANCY. "BON TON" CORSETS
ARE ABSOLUTELY WITHOUT A RIVAL, EACH MODEL AN ORIGINAL CONCEPTION OF SURPASS
ING EXCELLENCE IN EVERY DETAIL.
Be sure to ask for "Bon Ton" we have an excellent assortment of New Fall Models ready for your choosing;
priced at $3.50. $5 anil upwards to $10. The "ROYAL. WORCESTER" is an inexpensive Corset and the best
you can procure at the low prices ot -..$1.50 up to $3.03
Mothers and Boys Will Be Delighted
With i These Norfolk Suits and the Savings
Representing a Reduction
Of ONE-FOURTH .
4
NEW ENGLISH MODELS with slitched-on or detachable belts
knife or inverted pleats from yoke, patch pockets. Suits such as
boys like for the up-to-dateness of the styles, and the lines that
boys are just as quick to note and comment upon as are the grown
ups. Made of all-wool materials in new patterns and colors, in
cluding plaids, stripes, checks and mixtures.
SUITS THAT PARENTS will like for their bettemess for the
quality of material, the mohair lining, the close-fitting collars, shape
retaining fronts, and the general character of the workmanship and
finishing throughout. Sizes 7 to 17 years.
BOYS' $ 5.00 SUITS FOR $3.75
BOYS' $ 6.00 SUITS FOR $4.50
BOYS' $ 7.50 SUITS FOR $5.65
BOYS' $ 8.50 SUITS FOR $6.35
BOYS' $10.00 SUITS FOR $7.50
New Fall Novelty Boots for Women
At Prices That Represent Distinct Savings
$6.50, $7.50, $8.50 & $10
CONTRARY TO ALL EXPECTATIONS, and in spite of prevailing
market conditions and the soaring prices on all kinds of leather, we
have assembled a wonderful gathering of Novelty Boots for women
in the New Fall Models, to cell at prices that are a great deal under
their real value, and much below what you'd have to pay in any
other store in the Southwest.
HOW MUCH MORE would they sell for? We ll ask you to be
your own judge look at the perfect shoe-making, the fine materials,
the style, the fit. You'll sec and know for yourself the wonderful
importance of this news.
MANY WOMEN who have a right to be called "Shoe Specialists"
have been utterly amazed, astonished; they cannot understaud how
such beautiful boots can be sold for so much less than last season's
prices. Black Boots, White Boots. Gray, Tan and Brown Boots, as
well as two-toned combinatiens in all fashionable colors.
NEW FALL MILLINERY
Styles and Colors Sure to
Please Discriminating Women
The Low Prices Will Delight You
WE HAVE HAD AS LARGE showing of New Millinery, perhaps, as
early in the season, but seldom so charming an array as this year finds
in our beautiful department.
NO MATTER whether we start with inexpensive and gayly colored
Sports Felts, Sailors, or with elabora'tely trimmed Dress Hats, we see
in the entire assortment an unusuai touch that adds refinement in subtle
ways. Tailored Styles. Chic Turbans, Large Flaring Sailors some with
soft crowns and straight brims, others have side or back roll effect, in
silk, velvet, hatter's plush and felt, or combinations of these popular ma
terials. There are plenty of all-white Hats and all-black Hats, as well
as a wide range of the fashionable colors for Autumn. Prices range from
$5.95 upwards to $16.50.
New Models In Sport Hats
$2.95, $3.95 to $5.95
YES, THESE new Autumn Sports Hats are more than new they are
moderately priced. There's a something to these new models that gives
one an idea of much higher prices than those we've attached to them.
THERE'S A SOMETHING, too, that
radiates a character and individuality
fiat will appeal to fashionable, dis
criminating women who admire Hats
that potKCss snap, dash and go. These
are the women who will most enjoy
selecting from this assortment of New
Sports Models. Of excellent quality
Felt in a wide range of new Autumn
colors, as well as bright, daring com
binations: large, medium and smaii
shapes. Prices range from $2.95 up
wards to $5.'J5.
Women Will Welcome
The New Suits for Fall
OK COURSE, if a woman is not overly particular, she can pick up a suit
bargain at any store that should chance to have stocks remaining from
tliA Snrini? and Summer seasons. But. if she moulil choose from
Fall Styles at moderate prices, she will select one at "The Fair" to- I
morrow morning. There is not an unlimited number in this initial I
showing, but it is representative of the fashionable models, favorite ma- I
terials and popular colors. SEE THEM TOMORROW. I
K38
TO THE COAST
Tommy McFeeley. who has been !nj
the employ of one of the local mming' "For two years 1 spent all my time
companies for a number of years, ex-, either in the hospital, in bed. or In a
pects to leave in a few days for CaU-j rolling chair, and during that time I
fornia. where he will remain for soma: was given up to die. and I don't guess'
time. ' H would be here iAw if it hadn't beeu
for Tanlac," said Mrs. E. O. Wilson.
Mrs. Wilson is well known in Atlanta,
her husband having been employed by
The Constitution for a number ot
years.
"I was a great sufferer from chronic
Indigestion," continued Mrs. Wilson,
"and don't guess anylAidy ever had to
Gains 25 Pounds on Tanlac go through with what i did. I wa..
very weak ana nervous, snd at limes
had those dreadful smothering sensa
tions to the point of fainting. I had
dreadful headaches, severe pains Ir. my
back and over my kidneys and my
joints ached all the time. F'jr tw.t
years I had to live entirely on boiled
milk, toast and soft boiled eggs, uuti
TWO YEARS IN BED
AND ROLLING CHAIR
Mrs. Wilson Gave Up Hope
and Is Now a Well Woman.
even that didn't dipest well, and would to help inc. and I hail about given up: sleep us go'.xl as I did when I was a
sour on my stomach. I didn't know all hope w hen 'one day my husband i girl in my teens. I can get about as
what it was to get a gt'.id night's sleep, brought a bottle of Tanlac home with j well as anybody and just the other
I took one kind of medicine after an- him and asked me to take it. He said! day I walked down town and I am
other until our house was almost OH- he had been reading and hearing a lot I running around the neighborhood call
ed with empty bottles, but instead of of good things about it, and didn't see inn on my friends nearly all the time
improving I was get!ing worse all the any reason why it shouldn't help nip.
time. Finally they t'.iok me to the I was confined I'j my rolling chair I
hospital for treatment and 1 lay there when I beinn taking it. I
for live long months, but eirn that did Io I look like an invuliil now? i'
not make nie well. It was taking near- certainly don't feel like one. and 1;
ly every cent of my husband's waes have actually sained twenty-live (-5) i
to pay my doctor and drug bills otir pounds on 11 bottles of Tanlac, and j
drug bill alone amounted to 14 -r feel as well as I ever did in my life. I
$15 a month, atnl one doctor bill I can e"at anything I want such!
amounted to $10S. things as meat, turnips, hard boiled ,
:'lt looked like everything had lulled eggs dou't hurt nie a partiUe, and I;
now. I hnven't a pa'n about me. I
believe I am the happiest woman in
Atlanta, and I think I have a right
to be. I think any recovery is almost a
miracle, and everybody in our neigh
borhood thinks the same."
Tanlac is sold in IS is bee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drus Co..
in Paradise by . A. Walker, in Bowie
by Bowie Drug Store, and in San Si
mon by J. B. CiAke. Adv. THREE
BASEBALL RESULTS
The lfesij30foolhgline
NATIONALS
AMERICANS
(By ReTiew Leased Wire).
NEW YORK, Aug. 18. New York
and St. Lbuis broke even in a double
header. The Giants won the first game
by utilizing all their hits off Goodw in.
New York was defeated In the second
game by Ames, a Giant discard, break
ing Benton's string of nine straight
victories.
First game
St. Louis 000 000 0101 7 3
New York .. .....010 030 00 4 5 1
Goodwin and Gonzales; Scbupp and
Gibson, Rariden.
Second game R H E
St. Louis 000 013 0105131
New York .. ; 020 020 0004110
Ames and Snyder; Tesreau, Benttm
and Rariden.
(By ReTiew Leased Wire).
CLEVELAND, Aug. 18. Cleveland
pulled E'oston from first place when
it broke even with the Red Sox in a
double header. Leonard allowed but
two hits prior to the ninth inning of
the first. Leonard, Barry and Hoblit
zell were put out of the game by Urn
pier Owen for protesting a decision,
First game i. H E
Boston 010 000 0001 7 0
Cleveland 000 000 0022 4 0
Leonard, Pennock and Agnew; Co
valeskie and O'Neill.
Second game Ft II E
Boston 022 010 103916 0
Cleveland ..000 000 1001 51
Ruth and Thomas; Morton, Lam
beth, Gould, Boehling and O'NN'll.
Phila 3, Pittsburg 2
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 18. Phila
delphia made a clean sweep of the five
game series with Pittsburg, but it re
quired 14 innings to defeat the visit
ors today.
Score by innings R H E
Pittsburg . . . .100 100 000 000 002 11 0
Philadelphia .020 000 000 000 013 12 2
' Cooper and Fischer; Alexander and
KUIifer.
Cinci 5-2, Brooklyn 2-8
BROOKLYN, Aug. 18. Cincinnati
took the first game of a double header
from Brooklyn and Brooklyn won the
second, the last of the series. Brook
lyn's runs in the first were due to er
rors by Chase and Groh. Brooklyn
knocked Regan and Ring out of the
box in the second.
First game-p K'lE
Cincinnati 101 000 1025 9 3,
Brooklyn 000 011 0002 9 3
Schneider and Wingo; Cheney and
Myers, Miller.
Second game R H i
Cincinnati 000 000 0022 5 2
Brooklyn .. 031 401 00 9 13 3
Regan, Ring, Eller and Wingo; Cue
to, Smith and Krueger.
Chicago 5, Philadelphia 4
CHICAGO, Aug. 18. Chicago re
gained first place in the American
league pennant race by winning fi'om
Philadelphia. Boston broke even with
Cleveland and dropped behind the lo
cals. Score by innings RHE
Philadelphia 110 000 0204 7 0
Chicago 301 000 01 5 6 6
Anderson, Schauer, Seibold and
Schang; Williams, Faber and Schalk
' St Louis 7, New York 1
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 18. St. Louis hit
Caldwell hard and heat New York. In
the sixth the locals scored four runs
on five hits and three Infield errors.
Score by innings RHE
New York 100 000 0001 6 3
St. Louis 110 004 01 713 2
Caldwell, Loge and Walters; Daven
port and Severoid.
Chicago 4-0, Boston 2-2
' BOSTON, Aug. 18. Boston and
Chicago split even in today's double
header, the visitors winning the first
with a ninth-inning rally, while in the
secOnd contest Boston scored a shut
out. Fielding of Kilduff was sensa
tional in both games.
First game RHE
Chicago 100 000 003 110 0
Boston .. ". 002 000 0002 7 4
Carter, Douglas and Elliott, Wilson;
Barnes, Nehf, Ragan and Tragresser.
- Second game -' ' 11 H E
Chicago 000 000 0000 2 1
Boston 000 000 02 2 7 0
Hendrix and Wilson; Tyler and
Tragresser.
Western League
At St Joseph RHE
Joplin 3 7 1
St. Joseph ..' 2 7 4
Hall and Monroe; Bremmerhoff and
Crosby.
Senators 5, Detroit 2
DETROIT, Aug. 18. Johnson held
Detroit to four hits and Washington
won easily. Detroit was shut out until
the ninth, when Yitt's double, Veach's
triple and Morgan's error scored two
runs. Washington bunched hits with
bases on balls and errors. Judge,
Washington first baseman, broke his
ankle sliding into the plate in the fifth.
Score by innings RHE
Washington 002 012 0005 7 3
Detroit 000 000 0022 4 2
Johnson and A-mith; Cunning,
Mitchell and Yelle.
At Omaha RHE
Hutchinson 7 15 3'
Omaha 9 12 4
Robertson and O'Brien ; O'Toole and
BiOttem.
At Lincoln R H E
Wichita 0 3 1
Lincoln 5 7 2
Koestner and Dobbins; Meyers and
Rohrer.
At Des Moines RHE
Denver 0 2 2
Des Moines 4 8 0
Rook and Shestak; Musser and
Breen.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
I Coast Results
At San Francisco RHE
Salt Lake .. 8 11 1
San Francisco ,. 7 9 2
Du Bus and Hannah; Smith and Mc
Kee. At Los Angeles
First game R II I.
Los Angeles 2 6 2
Vernon 3 8 1
Standridge and Bolesffi Quinn, Mar
ion and Moore.
Second game RHE
Los Angelse 3 6 0
Vernon 1 4 1
Brown and Boles; Hovlik and Simon.
At Portland RHE
Oakland ., 0 7 1
Portland .' 7 14 1
Goodbred and Mitze; Houck and
Fisher.
American Association.
Kansas City 3, Toledo 0. '
Minneapolis 1, Indianapolis 3.
St. Paul 2. Louisville 4.
Milwaukee 3-2, Columbus 5-5.
Southern Association
Birmingham 6, Little Rock 4 (15 in
nings). ChattanoOri 5, Mobile 0.
New Orleans 5, Nashville 3.
Memphis 2, Atlanta 1.
'Minimum Carbonization"
. STUDEBAKER
Harmon Motor Co., Phoenix
"have had minimum amount of
Carbonization, and can heartily,
recommend Zerolene."
VELIB
Roesch Motor Car Co., Seattle
"we gladly recommend Zerolene
for Velie can and trucks."
FORD
W. H. Wallingford, Portland
"we know that Zerolene will give
efficient and satisfactory lubrica
tion." HUDSON
H. O. Harrison Co., San Francisco
"many owners of Hudson cars use
Zerolene. W hear nothing but
praise for it."
ROLEN
The Standard Oil for Motor Cars
Endorsed by Leading Car Distributors
because the records of their service departments show that
Zerolene, correctly refined from California asplialt - baic
crude, gives perfect lubrication less
more power, least carbon de
posit.
Dealers Everywhere and at Out
Service Station
Standard Oil Company
(California)
...II STi , MWisVWIj! .J
A
v-
f ...... f r'Ca-i.T I, fa i I
.82
1 V
fllDTQim
accejer
;ckg smooth
anon
Fbinis
siarlirg
BOILING
POINTS
ii:l;;h''lii''i!;'!l!:';:i:'i':''-,';'
STANDARD
L OIL COMPANY,
ATTEMPT TOIRECALLi
PROTECTING!
LAUNCHED BY
IWHEELER FOR
WARREN DISTRICT
MNEA
IS
L RESIDENTS
A movement to recall Sheriff Harry
C. Wheeler of Cochise county fostered
at McNeal in the Sulphur Springs val
ley, presumably by Socialists and I.
V. W.'s and their sympathizers, was
disclosed according to word received
in Bisbee yesterday and the following
is the form of the petition which is to
be circulated:
Recall Petition
"Clerk of the Board of Supervisors,
"Cochise County, Arizona.
"Sir: We, the qualified electors of
the electoral district from which Har
ry C. Wheeler of Cochise county, Ari
zona, was elected, demand his recall.
"The grounds of the demand for the
recall of the said Harry C. Wheeler,
sheriff of Cochise county, Arizona, are
as follows:
"On the 12th day of July, 1917, Har
ry C. Wheeler, sheriff of Cochise coun
ty, Arizona, did without warrant of
lav.', and in defiance of constitutional
guarantees, deport or cause to be de
pot ted from their homes in Bisbee and
from their places of business, to the
neighboring state of New Mexico, many
hundreds of citizens, each one of
Wjrn was amenable to the laws of the
state of Arizona for any infraction
thereof; we assert that in so doing the
said Harry C. Wheeler, , sheriff of Co
chise county, Arizona, assumed execu
tive, administrative, legislative and
judicial powers that are entirely sep
arate form the office be holds."
Following ai'ong the same lines and
it is believed by the same crowd who
would attempt to recall the sheriff
at the last meeting of the supervisors
held Monday, the following petition
was filed:
. "McNeal, Ariz., Aug. 4. 1917.
"To the Honorable Board of Supervis
ors of Cochise County, Arizona.
"Gentlemen:
"We, the undersigned residents and
taxpayers of Cochise county, Arizona,
do hereby emphatically protest against
the payment of any funds belonging
to Cochise county towards the defray
ing of any salaries, wages or other ex
penses occurring in connection with
the deportation of citizens from Ari
ozna Va another state.
"And we further protest against the
payment of county founds toward the
maintenance of a barrier about' the
city of Bisbee, where passes have been
demanded from citizens in the legiti
mate performance of their business, a
proceeding we Mold to be contrary O
the spirit of American institutions.
(Signed)
"Tom Paterson, G. W. Caldwell, G.
D. Conger, Mrs. L. H. Wyatt, L. P.
West, Taylor L. Ferry, G. W. Layran,
Walter H. Murphy, Carl Nyhalm. C.
A. Gardner, C. J. Gardner, Elizabeth
Murphy, F. J. Randell, Geo. J. Jones,
B. J. Williams, James E. Donnelly,
Ralph M. Smith, James S. Royer, Mrs.
W. T. Williams, D. D. Stoner, J. B.
Seale, Chas. M. Donnelley, William L.
Cook, McNeal, Ariz.; John Honing,
McNeal, Xriz.; Walter Roper, McNeal,
Ariz.; JohnW. Donnelley, Lillie Don
nelly, John S. Smith, McNeal, Ariz.;
Geo. W. Adams, E. H. Taylor, Herman
i C. Stolp. Mrs. Herman C. Stolp, Geo.
. Sylvester Jones, McNeal; C. H. Kelly,
Joe Blatock, Blanche Johnson, Mich
ael Takais, JVhn Williamson, Everett
L. Summers, A. 'W. Bolhdin, Frank
Aubrey, Bisbee, Ariz.; Fane William
son." Friends of the sheriff in the Warren
district today were not surprised that
the movement had been started, since
rumors for the past week have been
. circulatd to that effect and if enough
names can be secured on the petition
i there is no doubt but that it will mean
1 a thorough upholding and vindication
of Sheriff Wheeler .
TUCSON PLANNING
BIG FAREWELL FOR
PIMA COUNTY QUOTA
TUCSON, Aug. 18. A rousing fare
well for the young men drafted in Pi
ma county to show them that this com
munity is confident they will do their
duty in the great task before them is
being planned by the Luncheon club.
At the meeting at the San Xavier ho
tel this noon President Kitt appointed
a committee composed of A. J. Hous
ton, G. K. Smith and Harry Heighton
to make arrangements for; the big
event that will send the "boys of '17"
away with the knowledge that a lojal
community is behind them.
In introducing the subject. President
Kitt read the following editorial from
a recent issue of the Bisbee Review:
"When the first quota of some 225
men is taken from Cochise county for
the new national army, they will be
mobilized at some point and kept
there for 24 hours, and then leave in
a body. Why would it not be a good
idea for the Warren District Commer
cial club and the loyalty and Protec
tive Leagues to get together and se
cure this mobilization for Bisbee?
What a fine thing it would be for Bis
bee to entertain the Cochise boys for
24 hours and then give them a rous-1
ing send-off to the train with a band, j
and cheer and a God-speed." I
"Why would it not bo a good idea
tor Tucson to do the same" said Mr.
1 W Jj 1
"is m-iMinf-iiiKmri
"YOU BITE LIKE A
LITTLE WILDCAT.'
When Lucia, the blind girl, left the
imprint of her teeth on the wrist of
Luigi, her self-appointed guardian, she
did not know Bhe was biting one of
her father's assassins, but later years
brought home to her forcefully this
fact. Lucia always remembered tiie
foot-steps of her father's actual slay
er, and when she finally identified
him, Luigi was in bis company and
trying to shield him from the law.
Shirley Mason plays the part of the
blind girl in this great picture which
is called "The Tell Tale Step" and
bhows at the Orpheum Sunday mall
nee and night.
Kitt. "These boys are going forth
to take part in the greatest war in his
tory. Some of them are not coming
back. I think we owe it to ourselves
and to them to make their last few
hours here ones to be remembered."
Monday, Tuesday
and Wednesday
An Opportunity Sale Every man ordering a
Suit tailored of us during this sale will be given a
tailored-to-measure Raincoat FRE1E made to fit you
and you only.
Largest stock of woolen in Southwest to select
your suit from.
IMPORTANT: This offer only lasts three days.
Don't fail to take advantage of it. If you don't
need a suit, buy one, anyway, and get the two for
the price of one this Special Offer the greatest yet
in our city.
COME IN
SEEING IS
BELIEVING
How We Tailor: All our coat fronts are made
vith the best haircloths and canvasfronts, so they
will "never lose the shape." Every piece of goods
we use is "cold water shrunk." That's why our
clothes wear longer and look well as long as you
wear them. Each and every suit cut, fit and tried
on in the bastings.
prMrMDrp. August 20 21 and 22, don't forget
nLlilLiilDCn. the dates and the place with the
Rain Coat Offer
Our u
MAIN STREET
otto: "Satisfy the Customer"
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. S167
Serial No. 035911
In Connection With Serial No. 02S357
United States Land Office, Phoenix,
Arizona
August 14. 1917
Notice is hereby given that Phelps
Dodge Corporatftin. whose postoflice
address is Bisbee, Arizona, has made
application for patent for the follow
ing named lode mining claim, situate
in the Warren Mining District, Co
chise County, Arizona:
"ZEO"
Beginning at Corner No. 1. the
Southwest Corner whence United
States Mineral Monument No. 4( War
ren Mining District bears South 50
32' 30" West 1992 ieet; thence North
13 6' East 88.60 feet to Corner No. 2.
the Northwest Corner; thence South
58 42' East 192.50 feet to Corner No.
3, the Northeast Corner; thence S'outh
13 6' West 25.00 feet to Corner No.
4, the Southeast Corner; thence North
77 59' West 182.90 feet to Corner
No. 1, the plare of beginning; contain
ing a total area of 0.238 acres, express
ly excluding area in conflict with sur
vey No. 30(i9 "Collins" lode, of 0.052
acres. The presumed c'Jurse of the
vein on this claim Is from the South
erly end center North 69 4' West
184.6 feet. j
The location notice of said claim, j
upon which this application is based,
is recorded in the office of the County
Recorder of Cochise County. Arizona,
as follows:
"ZEO," Block 41, Records of Mines,
page 393.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the North and East the 'Col
lins" Survey No. 2009; on the West
"Arizona No. 4" Survey N'j. 2127: and
on the South the "Angt-l" Survey No.
1119.
J. L. IRWIN. !
Register.
First Pub. Aug. 17. 1917.
Last Pub. Oct. 24. 1917. 592
TO THE EAST
Daily to September 30th.
ber 31st.
TO CALIFORNIA
Daily to September 30th.
vember 30th.
Final return limit Octob-
Final return limit No-
"THE LODGE" CLOUDCROFT
Open Now. Special round trip fares on sale daily
to September 15th. Final return limit Sept 30th.
Low round trip fares will be in effect providing
liberal stopovers Diverse Routes.
Ask your agent for full particlars. He will glad
ly kelp you plan your trip and make your Pullman
reservations.
Or Address.
GARNETT KING,
General Pass. Agent, El Paso, Texts.
Notice
All Residents and Taxpayers of the Warren District
wishing to become members of the Citizens Protective
League can do so by calling 497, or addressing P. O.
Box 1719.
CITIZENS' PROTECTIVE LEAGUE FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 19, 1917.
: 1
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Member of the Associated Press The Associated
Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication
of all news credited to it or not otherwise credited in
this paper and also the local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
ntard at Scond CI as Mall Matter at Bisbee, .rlzon
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
ER MONTH I .?"
THREE MONTHS 25
SEC MONTHS i.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.60
SUNDAV (Cnr Weekly) per year 2.&0
ftUNOAT Our Weekly) per quarter 7S
Subscription Taken For Lssa Than 75 Cents.
PHONE NO. S9.
Review subscriber not receiving a copy of The Biabro
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will et one promptly ry
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. $9. The Review will con
Ider it a favor If the irregularity of delivery Is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger aervicr
applies to Bisbee only.
Sunday Morning, August 19, 1917.
Make the most and best of your lot, and compare
yourself not with the few that are above you, but
with the multitudes which are below you. Go steadily
forward with lawful business or bonest diversions.
Dr. Johnson.
The movement on foot mong the merchants and
clerks of Bisbee for a six o'clock closing on Saturday
night is a good one. It is pretty bard lines to work all
week and then Saturday night in the bargain.
It remained for Senator Ashurst of Arizona to coin
the most fitting phrase of the many that have been given
to the I. W. W. In recent years. The senator, in a speech
in congress this week, referred to them as "Imperial
Wilhelm's Warriors."
A free people cannot be conquered. Napoleon found
It so to his cost, in Spain, where the pillars of his empire
were undermined even more than from his disastrous
Russian campaign. Germany's occupation of Belgium and
Serbia and Rumania, more than any other series of events
of the World War, will cost Wilhelm his throne. In Ru
mania the women are now fighting in the forefront of
the battle. In Serbia unconquerable guerillas, ike th';
Spanish patriots of Napoleon's time, etill resist the Prus
sian. In Belgium the spirit of the people is unbroken,
although their homes are destroyed . and the bodies of
their kin and neighbors lie buried and unburied all th
way from Liege to the sands of the sea.
Peace proposals from the pope were the most im
portant news of the week in connection with the World
War. They demand consideration, first, because the pope
Is the head of a church that numbers hundreds of thou
sands of followers in each one of the countries at war.
and secondly because, whatever their terms, they cer
tainly come from an unprejudiced and strictly neutral
source. No one questions the honesty of the pope or the
purity of his motives. That his proposals were inspire!
by Germany and Austria there can be no doubt That
they are impossible at this time there can also be uc
doubt. Germany is beaten and she knows it. By every
means, foul or fair, she now seeks to hold her spoils am'
escape punishment for her unspeakable crimes. But thr
statesmen of the allied nations will weigh carefully the
pope's proposals and give to his holiness a full, frank and
courteous answer. That will be more than Germany har
ever done on any of the numerous peace propagandas she
has started during the past year.
The British have struck again in Flanders and gained
their objectives. The Ypres salient into the British lines
is a salient no longer, rather it is a bulge into the Hin
denburg line. The Canadians now dominate Lens and
make the life of the Germans in that city a dog's life.
The plan of the allies now seems to be to force the Ger
mans out of the Lille district by means of this break in
their lines to the northward. There are no rich and
populous cities on the Ypres front to be destroyed by
artillery in making the advance, hence its obvious advan
, tage. If Marshal Haig can only force the Prussians back
a few miles further on the present fighting front he can
occupy the large and rich French city of Lille without
firing a cannon shot at its turrets and spires. Some of
the war critics believe that the taking or Hill Seventy,
considered impregnable by the Prussian stafr, marks the
beginning of the end of the German hold on France. And
they argue, too. that the allied supremacy in artillery in
the Belgium battles of this week is another certain index
of a great success soon to come. On the other hand,
there are critics who profess disappointment at the recent
Ypres offensive and see in the small gains and few pris
oners and guns taken a stalemate that will inevitably re
sult in a slow and grinding war of attrition that will not
end before the fall of next year. We refuse to believe
that Haig will let the winter snows come and find hi
troops west of either Lens or Lille. After that it is
simply a question of Sr"n.. the Americans and th?
Rhine!
SUNDAY MORNING SERMON
I "Jehovah, my heart is not haughty, nor mine eyes
lofty; neither de I exercise myself in great matters, nor in
things too wonderful for me." 131st Psalm.
Thus sang David in the long ago. If any m?.n was
ever tempted to be proud and haughty ani arrogant, it
was this same shepherd boy who was elevated to be a
king. He had unlimited power; he was a most success
ful soldier, the sweetest of singers, and the favored of
the prophets and the Lord on High.
It is an axiom in the business world, well known
and true, that success and responsibility have ruined more
men than whiskey. And, strange as it may seem, the
men who have climbed from the mqst bumble circum
stances are generally more snobbish or more arrogant
than those who never knew poverty or grinding loil.
Sudden success or easy wealth always dazzle the l'l
balanced man. In fact, they are liable to dazzl-j any man
4
at first. If he loves pleasure they lead bim on at a mad
pace. If he loves himself they make him haughty and
proud. If be loves money they make nim cold and sordid
and miserly.
But the well balanced man rubs his blinded eyes and
seeks to gain a clear vision and an even keel. The wise
man becomes bumble and thankful for the blessings that
have come to him, taking not to himself and his talents
and efforts the entire credit for his good fortune. The
big hearted man seeks to help others and do all the good
he can, holding himself accountable as a trustee to
heaven.
Haughtiness Is a terrible handicap to carry in the
race of life. It takes away more happiness than any other
agency the devil ever loosed upon the earth. It cuts
both ways, wounding the haughty as well as those he
seeks to wound. An arrogant man walks a stark, cold
lonely, uncomfortable road, while his meek brother stern
to the tune of laughing voices in the grass grown val
leys.
David struck another true note upon his wondrous
harp of human life when he declared hat he did not con
cern himself with matters far beyond him. We gain a
little wisdom from the books and then we begin to dabbl-j
in things occult and seek to penetrate mysteries beyond
the human ken. We propound our creeds and doctrine3
and isms like another Paul preaching to the gentiles. We
dissert and discuss and debate most learnedly about
things of which we really known the least. We become
pedantic and positive and disagreeable and foolish.
And all the time the roses bloom and die and bloom
again. All the time the sky arches above us in a majesty
that ought to make us feel our littleness and our poor,
frail limitations. The tides of the ocean wash the shore,
the sun blazes in splendor and then gives way to the
shadows of the night.
We are little children in the dark. We toddle along
in a wavering, aimless, happy, sad procession for a little
ways, and then, at the last, we come to an inn and lay ns
down to sleep. And not 'till the Master of that inn
wakes us in His own chosen morning will we know the
score.
We look so proud because a little brief success has
crowned our feeble efforts; we become so arrogant be
cause our frail voice has carried our commands a few
feet to a few men; we are so haughty because there is a
little brindle fringe upon our garments and a few gold
pieces in our chest But we crouch lower than the lowly
when a thunder clap splits the sky; our hoarded wealth
looks pitiful beside the sunset's golden glow.
Yes, we stand huddled in a small space with an im
penetrable veil of mysteiy about us and propound and
proclaim, and talk and theorize, and explain and expostu
late, and the angels look down upon us in pity from th"ir
starholes in the Eky. No wonder the angels weep.
David knew. The shepherd boy, who became a war
rior and a king and a singer of immortal songs, bent his
glance upon the ground and bowed his head in deep hu
mility and gave thanks for his many blessings. Every
time he looked at the mountains or the sky he became
more humble and sang a song that will thrill the world
as long as songs are sung; a song, not of himself and
his own weak frailty, but a song to Jehovah the Maker
of the heavens and the earth; a song to the Master, who
has placed us here for a little while to prepare for an
other place, and who told us explicitly, "Blessed are the
meek, for they shall inherit the earth."
Gems From the
Nezvs Field
i Tfc.-tMv . : 1 1 v. . r.. , . I I. ,... v. . V,
. , . in l c wilt ut? laiiutrio ill nuui b uiciu
1 es and shirt sleeves, and sailors in
wide trousers and glazed hats, bare
footed and bearing cutlasses and
boarding pikes. There will be men in
buff and blue, in dark blue, in light
blue and in butternut gray, and mount
ed men in wide hats, swinging free in
WEST POINT IS
JUST A CENTURY OLD'tne saddle with the ease of the born
We have just observed the one hun
dredth anniversary of the government
military academy at West Point The
academy had been in existence for
some years, but it was scarcely worthy
of the name before Col. Sylvanus
Thayer assumed the superintendency
on that date. Colonel Thayer remained
In charge for 16 years, and during his
administration he laid the foundation
of the present organization of the
school, raised it to the plane of effi
ciency of the best military schools
abroad, and so won the appreciation
alike of his pupils and the country at
large. He came to be called the "fath
er of the academy."
West Point has been called the "Gib
rauar of the Hudson," which distinc
tion is quoted by the Encyclopedia
Britannica, and the fact that the Brit
ish, without success, earnestly strove
to capture it.
In 1783 Washington recommended
West Point as a site for a military
academy. Such an establishment had
been proposed by General Knox a3
early as May, 1776, and in October of
that year the continental congress
passed a resolution appointing a com
mittee to draw plans for a military
academy of the army.
After the cessation of hostilities THE RICHEST LITTLE
with England in 1S15. Major Thayer) GIRL IN AMERICA
was sent lO curope co examine nun-
i i uircy-uvc nunareu uouars a uay:
plainsman
All those shall march, and we wl.'j
took on shall see them, but the young
men in khaki will feel their presence.
Not as ghosts shall we seem them, but
as living spirits, and not as old men.
but as the youths they were when they
gave themselves to the country, even
as the young men are giving tueni
selves today.
As victory floats bel'jre the figure of
Sherman in St. Gaudens' magnificent
sculpture, so tradition marches ahead
of our armies as they go abroad; the
tradition of freedom that brought Mor
gan's riflemen from the forests of the
Alleghenies, and sent Mari'jn's, men
into the swamps of the south, and led
the New England farmers to Bunker
Hill. Tradition such as that is a
mighty force. The levies of 1917 and
1918, when they face the German guns,
Rill not forget their spiritual ances
try, ndr will they prove unworthy of
those who although g'one before, stjll
lead and guide America, of Washing
ton and Jackson and Scott of Perry
and Decatur, of Grant and Lee, of
Farragut and Semmes, of. Dewey and
Lawton and Tihlip. Youth's Companion.
AS MAN' TO MAN
THE MAGIC OF
What is it the inc'jme of a finan-
tary works and schools and study tho
nnomtinni nf thA nllieil nrmies heforo!
Paris. He was recalled in 1817 and cier; e Paro11 of a war order fac
placed in charge of the academy at,7 The salary of some star of the
West Point. His administration soon mvle orld.
k, fn.it h hmht nrrtpp nf nf' N- Its simply the income day In
, , j ., ..,., ,. and day out, the year round, of a flax-
chaos; systemrtized the course or . ' '
. . ,, , ,.;, en haired, brown eyed little girl, 11
study; instituted the system of merits . .
. . i. j j, i,i , years old, who is frolicking at Man-
and demerits; enforced discipline and .
. ... . , 4 4,. 4. chester-by-the-Sea this summer, swlm
raised the school to a par wtih the , . . . ... .
. . .. v . . V. i mine Vff Singing Beach, riding horse
best military schools of Europe. .J ,JjL ..,
When Colonel Thayer took charge of u" , " v" "i.
the West Point Academy in 1S17 the' . , . ... .....
. . . . ' . , . , and playing games with other little
number of cadets was restricted to . , ' . . . ,
rrlrlo d ml hivt at Mannn.Btp ontno nf
230. Now the number who may gain . ' . " . ,
1 1 is i u in J lit i r i iiotc ta uiui u
admittance is in excess of 1,300, while j
the military and academic staff con-
spend in a single year all their lives
as her income for a single day.
there was nothing stable or depend-
V1. . 1 1 1 1 . 1 1 1LI .
IIP m SVT TXTT A TXIC aul? Ja lut w("iu. i.ieu are uuuuia,
lHt MUUIN 1 AirO tney are ag straws before the wind.
Being curious, and very much disap-
"What a homely, rocky, sandy mis- pointed in his man, he went back and
erable looking place it is." exclaimed COnv3rsed with others of the craft as
a woman who had recently moved to sembled there about
Bisbee. She was speaking to her "What's the matter with Bill?" he
husband as they sat on the front asked. "You fellows haven't deport
porch of their new home together in ed him for a wobbly, have you?"
the twilight The man " answered One of the men smiled and another
nothing at all. He was looking at the laughed out loud. Finally a linotype
distant mountains and at the turquoise man vouchsafed to make the mystery
blue of the sky behind them. And as clear as sunlight "Bi,1 got a wire
he ras thinking of the fog and mist from a woman to meet him in ."
that enveloped the shops and stores he said.
and narrow streets of the city whence That was all. And yet it was
he came. He was thinking of bow de- enough. A woman had called. And
pressed and discouraged and dishea'rtl have not countless sons of men always
ened he had been there, how narrow answered that call? Mark Antony left
he had been, bow irritable and rest- the battle of Actium and lost an em
less and dissatisfied. 1 pire for a woman's call. Countless
"Nowhere to go," went on the worn- kings have given up their thrones, all
an; "nothing to do. No grass and for a soft voice. Princes, potentates,
flowers and lighted streets and hurry- paupers, painters, poets, pilgrims of
lng throng. Just these rocks and those a" lands, all times and all conditions
old hills. I don't like it at all." . ! ' life, nave left everything and has-
The man continued silent He was tened at a woman's calL And shall
still looking, with wrapt gaze, at the not th,s sincere and simple printer
mountains, majestic and immutablu. nng his apron on the nail and wash
against the skyline. Their calm and! nis ink-stained hands and do likewise?
their silence and their strength and Yea- eerily, he shall. And uncount
their restfulness seemed to have pos- ed thousands of men who come after
sessed his souL nim sha11 do 1'kewlse. Men go forth
A few weeks passed by and this t0 work and war tor omen and they
same man and woman sat on their come back at their ra- EverT PPer
front porch to watch the coming of at was ever Published was printed
the twilight. "Oh. look at that sun
set!" exclaimed the woman. "Did you
ever see anything so fine? What a
mnn A n rf n 1 tlntlntr nf roil anil v.IIaw
and gold all combined! It is too soft "ve lne 8Ky,,ne wa8 ali dooe for a
for a woman; every bridge ever built.
or battle won, or mine dug. or railroad
laid, or business established, or wheel
made to whirl, or building raised
And the printer who comes to take
ninia ' f ton anna ThA.. .
, Ann Gavit, Just "a lovely little girl
u.uonmc uic "l l"c av.a'.cui-' V. tho v.rHIM nf Manrhnstrr l,llr
during the century. The academy Jiaa,who nave come tQ know ner Tney call
"Ul uu" e'"a"her -the richest little girl in America.1
ly in importance. It is now recognized and the labe, ,g probably a truc one.
u, au cutuprifut umor.ue8 one-, ghe ,g the daughter of E. palmer
of the best military schools in exist- G ,t f A,b wh hag taken for tne
euce. . e great men uirnea out oy 8UInmer a splendid but not OStenta
uur.u51.1e ...ueieenu. ceucury, vim.. ghore esUtc tnat headlanuS oal
Le. bnerman, biienoan ana a nost or, ,, ,h. ... ..... sh. tne erand
others, afford incontrovertible evidenc e . daughter of tne late Anthony N. Brady
Ul ll cuiucutjr. - ilhonv an,1 KevVnrk fifv and
that is the reason of her huge income
of $3500 a day.
The ambition of millions of men,
noT-f ana la tn mnL-0 na nuirh in 11 vpflr
France has abandoned her proposed, a oQV,..a .mp ln av pPoS.
liu iiiuuuizaiion. iiie new move is
ALL FRANCE AT
WORK; NO DRAFT
dent Wilson's salary for 'one day would
go into Ann Gavit's daily income 15
times over and then some.
'Thirty-five hundred dollars a day!"
What does she care? She's out play
ing or swimming or riding. Boston
Globe.
f (1 1 - .1 Ti tn ,i .11 in n, nnr n n . Vi .
lii iv ii in u ii in ii a ii , ijuai icjia turn
the Ribot government has the war sit
uation so well in hand that it will not
be necessary to draft French citizen
ry between the ages of 16 and 60 year?
for war work. . War work will remain
voluntary in France.
The dark economic cloud accompan
ied by sinister rumors of a bad win
ter to come following the fuel short
age of 1916-17 has also been shunted
to an inconspicuous place on the hori-
.. : .. 1, .. ,. . v. - .1 . r i . i
. ... u.u i .c P"-, the machine guns and Lewis guns, the
feet of the department of the Seine , .Jrtance of trencIl nlortarS! hand
that the great metropolis will not feel deSi bonlD8i rifle grades and
the pmch of either hunger or cold next; otner accessories of trench warfare.
wuiLcr. i ...a uiL.i.a. uiiiiuuucea uiaii
the coal supply is assured and that'
food supplies will be plentiful
RIFLE STILL USEFUL
IN MODERN WAR
The overwhelming position in the
war picture occupied by the big guns.
make some men think that the day of
tne rifle as an important adjunct to
Hiifr-pa in hnttla x well nieh nast. savs
Another piece of good news eman- Frederic Co,enlan.
ates today from the ministry of com-! Sucn ,8 not U)e case Thoae of U8
merce to the effect that Parisians will whQ can remeiuber tne brave advances
soon be supplied with "National Foot-!
of the Prussian guard at Ypres, when
Bisbee is busy; Makes a good sentence, does it not?
Her streets fairly throb with industry. Workers com
ing in every day to take the place of the drones. A lively
demand for both skilled and unskilled labor at top wages.
Every one busy and still lots to do. Plenty of optimism
and sunshine. If the district will look the future squarely
in the face and be governed by the same foresifiht and
courage with which she has met past problems, she will
build two or three hundred' new houses, stores and apart
ments just as quickly as she can do so.
gear" and "National Cloth' for clot n-' marched in battaHon formation
ing. This promises to be a real boonr, M up tfce Menjn road straignt at
for modest purses, as shoe leather has ,Jur trep.cne.on one occasion, if not
finally aviated to prohibitive prin2s. : inarchins to almost Hure deatn
The average price for re-soling a pair ' th(j gQose 8tepknow. t,le value of
of shoes is now ten francs (about $2). accurate npii rifle fire. So do these
which is more than double pre-war tax. rrugMan guardsmeni if any of tnenl
Men pay about 10 for a good pair of are stjl, a,ive Not many of them W)?re
shoes and ladies must pay about 51, wnen the broken waveg of gray
if they want the mode. , were gwept Dack ,ike lcave8 by an
Tho French national shoe will cos ' autumn wiaU
about 23 francs, or $5; wear and com ) The mfs m mwt of ,t Machinc
fort will be guaranteed but style Willi g we nad t0 be 8ure, but Vjefully
not. It will be the national style. , few of them Those that we had were
Fancy footper will, hov.ever.c.utin.1.-1 Overworked tf) a tnat nmde us
on sale for those who want to pay wondt,r not ull(.n tney jamliu. but
the price. when they worked long without jam-
The "National Cloth" will be guar-1 min); xhe rille ,n the hands of a man
antecd by the government of goo. ; wfco can ghoot straii;ht am, s,,o'ot with
uality in various shades at a nominal. ral,i(,itv , a wl,.k,,d weapon
price. There will also probably m aIld the valuc of coid 8teel.
some check on greeny tanors thouKh it i not a subject on which
for flaming red, and yet it is redder!
tknn liveA Ina w waI A a it Vi '
deep blue up .round the edges! I did hiS m'88 n pnnter8 PIa come
not know there were so many colors "'"..r,0?
, , . j .v i. t j Printer was faithful because there was
tn the world, and they all shade off . ' "
, ..... . i , A .a woman somewhere for whom he
into tints that are so soft and myste- .;, . .j v . v ....
, . . . ,. . , . , , i toiled. And he broke faith with his
rious and beautiful that one could look shop to keep faith U wotQ
at them forever. ! The foreman is kind a sore but the
Why dont you look? Why don t newspaper man feeU uhat the reca,d.
you say something? don t believe' inai printer had a pretty good ex
you half admire or appreciate if CU8e The weif.ht of the authoriUes
The man smiled and continued to are nj08tly on his 8ide
look steadily at the distant mountains
and the closing gates of gold beyond'
them. His gaze had been fixed there: THE MAN IN THE
since the first day he had come to the! DUST OF THE ROAD
valley. And now the woman was be-j
ginning to see the glory of the high The newspaper man has crawled
places and the far-flung distances. The toddled, walked, ran. limped, and shuf
city seemed far away. Its little flick- ned along this mortal trail for nigh
ering lights, that had flamed so bright-. on forty years. He has ridden in the
ly; its noises, that are never still; its one hoss shay behind old Dobbin and
voices, that have in them as much of. hung to a strap in a street car. He
misery as of mirth; ah, they are far has dodged automobiles and beea
distant now, and getting farther every crowded to the wall by them and had
day- i his feet run over by their arrogant
The twilight crept up to drive the! tires and his nostrils irritated by their
daylight away, and on its heels came; exhaust. He has looked often and
the dark. The man and woman sat ' hopefully for a lift; for a ride, as he.
silent on their little porch, serene and toiled along in the dust of the road,
strong under the protecting mantle of But with a mocking hon, honk! they
the mountains. i have passed him by.
And now. at last, the newspaper
TXII7 HDAVUAKPC cmr !man has a niTTer 11,81 ne Persuaded
1 riC iKA I MAIN O OlJJt. ; a careless dealer to sell him on pay-
OF THE STORY nents covering a period of some seven
years. And he has sworn a solemn
Readers of this column (if any there oaln never to pass any pilgrim in the
be) may remember that last Sunday roaa w"nout nrst stopping and olfer-
it contained a little story about a dray
man and a trunk and a charge of two
dollars and a half. Well, like all stor
ies ever told since Moses wrote the
book of Genesis, there is another side
to that one about the trunk.
The newspaper man, last Sunday,
made comparison of that two fifty
charge on the trunk with St. Louis
prices of six bits for a haul twice the
distance, and comparisons are always
ing to give htm a lift on his way. If
the newspaper man violates his oath,
may his tires be punctured and his en
gine ctall and his spark plug corrode
and his gears balk. Amen!
Poet's Corner
WE WHO WAIT.
odious. Listen: The newspaper man
had his household goods hauled for xatters lay prone at my feet last night,
a distance of a mile and a half the Hi8 g,ag(!y head on his forepaws
other day and was charged seven resting,
plunks per load. Well, in Justice to Hls gtjU' but an anxtous iight
the Bisbee draymen, charged last week, plain in hig eyes tnat were rovingt
with getting rich, and in the spirit of questing
fair play, this newspaper man must
aamn mac lie as cuargeo e.K'i
plunks per load in Saint Louis for.
attempt to charge too much for tailor
ing the national product.
"Exemption," that is the issue, and it is a mixed,
melled and muddled one. The government's instructions
in this matter are general, hence the local and district
boards will apply them as their feelings in the matter in
terpret and impel them to do. One board will rule that
all married men are exempt, and another board that only
those who have actual dependents upon their earnings may
escape the call to arms. In view of the present flood of
applications for exemption, the latter course would seem
the only one to pursue. But it can readily be seen, und r
the present governmental instructions that injustice will ,
be done if all married men are exempt by one board and
only sixy per cent by another. Officials in charge of tho
draft, and even President Wilson, arc considering revok
ing the exemption clause for married men in view of th i
abuse of that section of the law by slackers who got mar- j
ried especially to beat the draft or who plead petticoats!
to save them in many, many cases where their famili j
are not in the least dependent upon their earuiugs.
THE GRAY ARMY
More and more the streets, the side
walks, the railway cars, the lobbies of
hotels and other public places begin
to fill with sober-faced men in khaki.
The nation has c-all.-d her youns men.
and they are coming, as they have al
ways come. In a little while they will
bej;in to march, and we whom ase or
other disability has kept out of the
ranks shall see what -iily a few gen
erations in all history have been privi
leged to behold.
In front of the Ions; lines that will
make their way from the training
camps to the sea. and beside them
and around them, will march the past.
Other eyes than t!use of American
may not se the shadowy (inures but
we shall see and know thei'i. There
will he tall men in buckskin shirts and
fnuued legnnis. with lmiK h.i'r and
(.M)n:Mn raps, and bearing powd. r
bonis and flintlock rifles. We saw
Ihejn once marching fioiu Virginia to
Cambridge. Mas., 140 ars ao.
men who have seen it used love to
dwell, has not so far as 1 can see.
changed greatly, if at all. in the three
years of griin war in Europe.
JOYFUL SIDE O' JORDAN.
Can't see the road
An' whatever waits for you.
But p'raps you're doin" better
Than you 'lowed that you would do.
So jes' j'ine the chorus
Of the folks a pullin' through.
An' git on the joyful side o' Jordan!
Can't see the road.
But it ain't arunnin' wrong;
Can't glimpse the moruin".
But it's comin' riht along!
Daylight's abreakin'
An' we'll hail it with a song
An' git on the Joyful side o' Jordan!
Frank L. Stanton, in Atlan'a
Constitution.
having those same goods hauled hall
as far.
This is a funny old world!
A St Louis drayman will haul a
trunk six miles for six bits. A Bisbee
drayman charges two dollars and a
half for hauling a trunk three miles.
Then the St Louis drayman lets his' .......
conscience be the limit for his charge Donald would never like that!
on a load of household goods, going as
high as a dollar a block, while the Bis
bee drayman looks with pity upon the
Mournful brown eyes that were wont
to dance.
Now asking dumbly. "Where is my
master?"
I could but whisper, "Somewhere la
France "
Fighting the tears that came fast,
and faster.
'Tis
W,
clear
must be braver; and we
trying.
poor pilgrim who has all this Junk to! If he Vomes back (cv'i, the grippim;
haul and proceeds to load and propel
his lurching trucks at the rate of fifty
cents the block.
Can you beat it? The newspaper
man rtnnot do so. Hence he gives it
up, and throws in an apology to thei
Bisbee drayman for good measure.
fear!)
Tatters won't tell that he saw
crying.
me
We were so proud of him when he
went,
Splecdid and strong, with his dear
eyes glowing.
WHFN A WOMAN CALLS :Tan"n and 1 on ,he r pnt
Wrlt.il A WUiYlMl V.rtLU3, Wearisome hours, to speed his go
He was the steadiest printer in thej lnS'
shop. Quiet, pleasant faithful never; a of now
a complaint about the work, th- pay,, wrrth
the climate of the town. Surely. .. ,... . .
in- ."'"" .... 1 To the two sad hearts he left behind
thought the newspaper man. this type) h(m.
tuccli T IS a Iixiurj ill me uiaie .
All things are easy to industry; all
things are difficult to sloth, said Ben
Franklin.
can be depended .ipen to stick to the
galley, the stone and the case. evn
thougn these copper mountains should
turn into volcanoes and spout fire and
lava down upon the city.
But the other evening when tho
newspaper man walked back into the
shop, lo, this firm, faithful and un
failing printer was missing from the
roll call.
"Where is Bill?" asked the newspa
per man in wonder. "Sick?"
"Naw." replied the foreman in dis
gust. "He's quit without notice."
The newspaper man was amaied
and couaiderably downcast.
Tatters and I would go round the
earth.
Though we walked on bleeding feet,
to find him.
We ran do nothing but pray and
dream.
Not that one dog or one sweetheart
matters;
Yet I petition the All-Supreme.
"Please bring him safely to me ami
Tatters."
Beatrice Barry, In N. Y. Times.
"Three may keep a secret if two of
Surely them are dead." said Ben FranUln. 1 scrmB
FIVE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC PUNS TO MAKE
APACHE TRAIL AND ROOSEVELT LAKE
POPULAR WITH WORLD'S TRAVELERS
Army Cantonment Well Under Way
WERE FULLY JUSTIFIED, HE BELIEVES
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 19, 1917.
SUNDAY SCHOOL WORKER DESCRIBES
CONDITIONS IN BISBEE; DEPORTATIONS
LAKE TAHOE, Aug.' 18. Sitting
on the veranda Of Tahoe Tavern, look -
ing out across the largest high lake
in the United States, William Sproule,
president of the Southern Pacific, this
morning gave out information of keen
interest concerning the largest lake 01
fresh water in the world, to be contain
ed in an artificial basin. '
KOosevelt lake, above the great dam,
and tne Apache trail were the sub
jects of Mr. Sproule's comments. The
announcement was made that the
Southern Pacific is to proceed with ali
haste to make the Roosevelt-Apache
trail country one of the great play
places of the world. To the iOlk who
travel, and that ciass includes tne
rank and hie of America as well as the
vast number of foreign visitors now
here, the discovery and development
of a new play piace is of interest.
"We are going to make the Apache
traii one of the widely known wonder
places," said Mr. fproule. "It is to be
one of tne most accessible of the spec-1
tacular places of the coutintnt When
we are gciag to spend huudieds ot
thousands in bringing comfort l"J
places of natural interest I like "to see
for myself. I made the trip with Wes
ley Hill, veteran of the Apache trail.
and was convinced that this piace company 'is shown in this district
should be brought to the people. j through our plans for an entirely mod
View Is Praised era hotel and play place located about
"I consider the view from the top 50 miles from tiie railroad. Here we'
jf the mountain, when you first come will build for the convenience of niod
into view of Roosevelt lake on the era man a dwelling, place an suited his
road from Globe, one of the world's needs as were the homes of prehistoric
fost impressive views. , The stupen- man tor protection of races gone be
dous mountain chain in the back-1 fore. These wonderful cliff, dwellers
ground, the cliff dwellings to the left : are still standing in the district and
and the great body of water below ; they comprise not the least of the at
combine to present a thrill often read , tractions of the district for both stu
about but seldom felt Here is seen dent and pleasure seeker. They afford
one of the great examples of co-opera- a part of the interesting side trips
tion of man and nature, working to- from the great dam.
gether on a tremendous scale 10 pro-! Plan Improvement
duce an effect unsurpassed. j "To students' of Indian life and his-
"The Apache trail stands alone in tory the trail affords interest because
attraction of unusual character. The It was a part 'of the Apache life, being
greatest places, heretofore, brought to their roadway to valley below, where
the people do not surpass this district depredations were made on the Mor
in novelty, grandeur and beauty when mon colonies. The drivers of the Apa
convenienee and accessibility are con- che trail stages point out places of in
sidered, for variety f unusual attrac-; terest en route and sites of Indian's
tions the Apache trail stands alone in j battles afford much historic interest.
America or elsewhere. ! "Mr. E. O. McCOrmick, vice presi-
"The improving of the Apache trail, dent of our company, who is familiar
a task now before the Arizona people, wjth every place of interest to tour
will encourage travel to Globe, where ists on this continent, is convinced
two of the world's greatest ' topper that the Apache trail offers a series of
mines are located. Few people have attractions that In the time will arouse
an idea of how copper is produced. . the enthusiasm of the travel generally.
One of the great smelters is also in ; We will show our confidence by carry
the Globe-Miami district. The owners ' ing out an extensive program of im
of these important institutions being i provement"
War Horses Suffer
From Soul Sickness
PARIS, Aug. 18. For s'jme time
past, and especially in the last few
months, news has come from around
Bordeaux, Toulouse, AIM and Har
bonne of a mysterious malady, excep
tionally dangerous, attacking horses
imported into France by way of L'jr
deaux from Argentina.
And now, in the last few days, conies
news from the cavalry and artillery
reserves in Brittany that the same in
explicable "disease" appears in horses
brought from the United States anc
Canada. It is grave, and all the re
sources of French science are working
on it. Is it an epidemic Brittany is
far from Bordeaux and Tou'.Vmse; how
could an epidemic fckip across without
leaving traces in between? How could
an epidemic bavea double origin, ia
the Argentine and the United States
and Canada? Is it poison? It would
take very subtle poison, indeed, to pro
duce its results.
Here is a queer phenomenon. It is
about a fifty-fifty chance, they say, tor
a given horse, once incorporated, to be
killed in the great war and those whirh
escape do not continue fighting indefi
nitely. There is a continual movement
of horses from the armies to the rear.
Animals without a scratch are pro
nounced unlit Turned out to graze in
the high meadows of Savoy and Dauph
iny in the beautiful south of France,
far from war's alarms, they are given
a chance to si'jwly "come back" from
the strangest of all war maladies
"horse neurasthenia" or jangled
nerves!
A Wasting Sadness
From the beginning of the war in
France, "war sickness" has been the
chief malady of hornes. No wound, no
breakdown from over exertion, no visi
ble physiological ill. French officers
call it "neurasthenia" in their nervous
blooded stock; but all horses seem
capable of fc'.iin;; down with it equally,
the stolid larni critter from Iowa and
Kansas and will bronchos from Texs
and the Argentine. It is a kind of
"spleen" or lethargy, "or wasting sad
ness, analogous to the "vapors" or the
"moons' of delicately strung ladies
when they are not enjoying a good
time.
The- horse used to enjoy good times
in war. Say, back in the Napoleonic
epoch he deliKhtd in the pomp nd
jingle of it, glittering harness, color,
music, the cavalcades in mass. and.
ye, the reckless charge of glory? Birt
tiiio emaahin and ra.-.hins in dust
entirely liberal minded men are quite
! ready to educate the people in letting
j them see for themselves what the
: properties mean.
Remarkable Scenery
"Leaving the mines the traveler
comes to the cactus gardens and on
to Roosevelt lake. Here they enjoy a
rest. At the lake the traveler can
have a good bed. good food, fine bass
and perch fishing as well as excellent
swimming and boating. In sea&On the
game bird hunting is unsurpassed. Af
ter a period of rest, the length of
which individual preference may sug
gest, the trip is continued through
the most impressive mountain and
river scenery in the world.
"Out Ofprimeval nature he will
emerge into the highly civilized com
munity of the Mormon coOny at Mesa.
A few miles further he will pass into
a district giving an excellent example
of what irrigation will do for the des-
j ert- This is the Salt River valiey,
wjtn Phoenix as its capitol and the
j growing place of all products of the
tOuth temperate or semi-tropic zone.
The products include palms, dates,
cotton and oranges, while flocks and
herds are seen in the fields.
"The faith of the Southern Pacific
and mud, without color or ensemble, is
n'Jt at all to the horse's taste. The
loneliness and awful noises punctuat
ing silence get on his nerves. Cer
tain elements, of course, enjoy good
moments. Cavalry reserves in repose,
say, well behind the front in the
Somme, delight in gregarious river
swims and gallops. The horse is grs
agrious and enjoys bustle and fra
ternizing in leisure.
The' veterinarians cannot touch the
"malady," which they call "melan
choly." Of course, the horse is typical
ly a creature of habit built, up for
countless generations on regular hours
for sleep, digestion and w'jrk. In mod
ern war he gets lost in "soul sickness.''
Regularly they do not die of it But,
regularly, it is worse than sorrow. In
the year 1916 it is calculated there
were as many army horses invalided
in France by "war neurasthenia" as
there were killed in battle! And notu
nothing like the same proportion
came back to the armies from "recup
erating" in the high meadows of Savoy
and Dauphiny-
All of which is so true that, now,
they say, French army buyers in Am
erica have Instructions from HigJ
Commissioner Andre Tardieu to give
preference, whenever possible, IV)
mules.
The Mule Is a Soldier
Mules! The great American army
mule is enjoying his. vindication. For
the past year he Las steadily forged
ahead in French and British army es
teem, proving bis merits. Already it
is being said tnat, next to men and
guns, he is coming to be the moi,t val
uable asset of the allied armies and
with the arrival of the American
troops his triumph will be perfect. The
mule, the bumble American mule, has
inscribed his name on the scarlet pane
Of Verdun and the Somme, and Brit
ish "tanks" and French "7is" salute
him.
From California alone, they say,
eight thousand head of mules have
been shipped to the war, and who
knows how much yreater contingents
from Georgia, Missouri and Texas?
French army buyers seek, by prefer
ence. Missouri mules from the best
and largest mares bred to the best
Kentucky jacks. A mule weighing
fiOm lOoo to 140i pounds will bring
twice as much money as a mule
weighing from Moo to 1100 pounds.
(Continued on Page 5)
--ft 41.
'Above, barracks nearing completion
gauge railway. In the background are many of the new quarters and
constructing quartermaster.
CHILLICOTHE, Ohio, August 18.
Camp Sherman, cantonment for the
Ohio and West Virginia draft army.
is now 50 per cent completed. A
force of 6,000 men are working day
and night in order that the canton
ment will be ready for the reception
of the 30,000 troops at the contemplat
ed time, September the first.
The camp site is a most picturesque
one. The level land is bounded on
the east and west by historic hills,
the most eminent being Mount 1-ogan,
which is represented on the seal of
Ohio.
Every precaution is being tak-on
against unsanitary conditions. The
natural drainage of the land Is good.
There will be thirty-five miles of; Every possible means will be used to
sewer pipes. Work is now being rush-! entertain the soldiers and their vis
ed on one of the largest sewage dis-1 itors.
posal plants in the country. Six j From now on the daily percentage of
hundred yards of excavation were increase in construction will average
necessary for this. The septic plant j three per cent. The work will not b&
will be 53 by 127 feet and will be di
vided into ten compartments. The
wall will be about ten feet high, thir
teen Inches thick and of reinforced
concrete. The water wells will be of
the most modern kind and pure drink
ing water will be an assurance.
THE BRITISH
I am a Poplar man. I was born in
Poplar in poverty in a little one-roomed
house in 1S52. As a lad I was ap
prenticed near by to a cooper. Nearly
thirty years ago, the working men of
Poplar chose me for the first public
office, as member of the Board of Trus
tees. I live in Poplar today.
Poplar is part of the great working
class quaner of East London, which
starts at Whitechapel and stretches to
Canning Town, the largest solely in
dustrial quarter in the world. Here
we have no leisure class, no middle
class, none but working men and the
tradesmen who supply them. East
London is a natural reservoir for
casual and shifting labour. In pre
war days, advertisements of faciories
to let here added as an attraction the
words, "Abundant supplies of casual
labour to be had."
Before the war, our people were the
Hoatsam and jetsam of industry. The
docks, the factories and the workshops
employed a great deal of unskilled
labour. The out-of-work and the half
employed naturally came here to be
near what work was going. The famil
iar local phrase expressed the condi
tion of most. They were ''in and out
of work regular." Our population
changed every three years.
Casual labour means low wages, and
East lmdon is the home of poverty.
We have many families living in one
or two rooms; few families have a
whole house to themselves. Gough
street. Poplar, where I live, is as good
a street as is to be found within a
ladius of a mile. Yet I do not know
a family save my own, th.lt has a
whole houre to itself, and 1 think 1
know every family in the street. Tht
houses in Gough street are not laryo
two storied houses rented at thir
teen shillings a week. But when thir
teen shillings represents thirty-three
percent of a working man's waces, he
cannot afford as much for rent.
In Poplar the organized democratic
movement is very strong. We have
our fierce political controversies. Our
efforts to improve the conditions ot
the very poor, to humanize the work
house, to care for the child and to pro
tects the rights of labour, have otten
-, x
and (below) two of the many planing
The barracks will be two-story
structures. Tljey will all be electric
ally lighted. The officers' quarters
will be only one storied. Although
nothing definite has been decided, a
local stock company will be organized
to construct portable cottages for the
married officers and their families.
There will be nine Y. M. C. A. build
ings. These will be run on regular
army plan. They will have libraries,
billiard rooms and picture shows. At
present temporary Y. M. C. A. work
is being conducted for the benefit of
the seven companies stationed here
for guard and other duties.
Besides the recreation which will be
afforded at the camp, plans are being
made by the citizens along this line.
impeded by lack of material, as there
are fifty carloads coming In daily.
Most of this is lumber and sewer ma
terial. All excavating is done by
huge trench diggers, which are dupli
cates of those used in the war. The
carpenter force consists of four thous-
WORKMAN DEFENDS HIS HOME
By WILL CROOKS, P. C M. P.
Introductory Note
The life story of Will Crooks Is
one of the lOmances of modern
England. Born in a one-roomed
.house in East London, he was fa
miliar from infancy with poverty
and hunger. For a short spell he
was in a workhouse school. When
11, he started a life Of hard toil.
Such an experience would have
soured and embittered many men.
It broadened and deepened and
created an infinite pitifulness in
Will Crooks. When his fellow work
men, understanding his grasp of
public affairs and his sound com
mon sense, elected lim as their
leader he used his pOwer for the
benefit of the poor. As London
county councillor, guardian of the
poor, mayor of Poplar, member of
parliament and member of the
king's privy council, his life work
has been consistent
Today, as the Right Hon. W.
Crooks, P. C., M. P.. he remains un
spoiled by success. He lives among
his own people in a little two-storied
house in Poplar. His home is
a center to which those in distress
iiOck all day long.
His wit, his homely simplicity
and his genuine kindliness of heart
have made the world his friend.
When in the spring of 1917 he was
struck down by serious illness, the
king sent to enquire after his prog
ress, p ers and bishops waited for
news of him, and in many a back
room and workhouse ward there
were heavy hi arts until he was Out
of danger.
In the accompanying article Mr.
Crooks, the democrat, worker for
peace and advocate of international
amity, explains why he has1 thrown
all his energies and enthusiasm in
to advocating and aiding the cause
of the allies in this war.
been described. Our Labour League, j
born at the Dock Gates where we held !
our meetings, was one of the pioneers
of labour representation in Ejglnud.
We were ttrougly auti-war before i
g ir4& f V S
mills and a glimpse of the niow
barracks. Insst, Capt Ward Dabney,
and men. A barracks building is com
pleted In two days' work.
Work has been started no the hos
pital unit An expenditure of $1,000,
000 bas been issued for this. The ten
store houses are being rushed so as
to be ready for the supplies which
will start coming in the fifteenth of
this month.
It is remarkable to note that there
has not been one fatality during the
time of construction. The many min
or injuries received by the work
men are treated at an emergency hos
pital. Sickness is treated at a gen
eral hospital which is equipped In
first class style.
Eating and sleeping is provided tor
those workmen who desire to stay on
the grounds. There are two commis
saries for the workmen and one for
the office force. Three thousand
pounds of meat, 2,500 pounds of bread
and 2,000 pounds of sugar are neces
sary daily for the feeding of the'nien.
The meals are served at a cost of 27
cents. They are served for 30 cents.
The narrow margin of profit is put in
a fund to pay for the utensils and oth
er miscellaneous expenses.
The pay roll last week amounted to
$150,000.
"Jthe war with Germany began. We
J I were so strongly for peace that we
i were willing to fight any man for it
J In the Boer war we were outspokenly
i pro-Boer. At a time when national
feeling ran very high, ours was the
i ....... . , .
1 oniy uisirici w uere uui a single auu-
war. meeting was broken up. We not
only held' meeting in Poplar itself; we
had demonstrations in Trafalgar
Square, in the parks and in the streets,
i Three times at least during these dem
on gtrations the opposition to me was
so fearce that it seemed as though I
would be finished. Some men threat
ened to drive me out of public life be
cause of my stand for the Boers. Oth-
ers, like a man with a club, backed up
j a dense crowd .who faced me one af
ternoon after a demonstration on
, Parliament Hill Fields, and threatened
'to brain me, were ready to adopt
shorter way.
We stood for peace, for liberty and
friendship among nations. On one oc
casion, on a public visit to Germany.
I proposed the health of the Kaiser.
! We were not in any sense military.
We laughed at the Algiers and Berties
of Piccadilly. We opposed in every
! way we could any men who sought to
promote war or to do anything likely
to provoke war.
Today Poplar, for many years the
I center of anti-war propaganda, is ac
tively supporting the government In
'jits conduct of the war against Ger
many. The men who stood by me
the peace demonstrations In Hyde
Park and Trafalgar Square In the days
!!of the lined War. have, sent their sons
to fight for KiiKland. The younger
men among them are in khaki them
selves. Our lads have volunteered
by the thousand, and many of them
have died In the trenches. Our wo
men cheer the lads as they leave, and
welcome them as they re'nm. '
I myself, the man of peace, have un
dertaken big recruiting campaigns. 1
nave visited, lived among and encour
aged the men in the trenches. I have
taken the message of the men ranking
the guns to the men using the guns,
and coming back I have taken the mes-
(Continued on Pags 7.)
The following communication was 'was in sending them to New Mexico,
received recently by The Arizona Ga- We ought to have kept them here, and
aette from E. D. Raley, representing you know what we ought to have done
the State Sunday School association, to them."
and because of Mr. Raley's position' u WM merely a question of our
and understanding of conditions is one acting before they did "
of the most important contributions
yet made relative to the deporUtion of, fM tne lfth and theyoted t0 close
. y ' up all the mines the next day. even if
they had to blow them up. If we had
Editor Gazet s: ..' have sent them they would hae
I have just returned from a trip to : nn ug (
Bisbee, Ariz., and feel that the gen- '
eral public might not only be inter-1 Bisbee is the most orderly and weU
ested but profited by a few things that j Shaved place I have even been in
came to me while there. I8,nee July 12tn- should en
In the first place, let me make u j trooP n nere to keep order? We have
rleur that I did not m to Ribee "to order n1 w pect to have it"
Investigate the deDortaLOn situation."
nor to assist those who are making in-
vestigations. My visit had no relation i V"""' "e "re "e one 01 muy.
to that of Governor Campbell or that," h9 the social and relig-
of Attorney General Jones. j ious bars- The rich and the so-
I was there looking after the work : ciety Pple and the laboring people
of the Arizona State Sunday School : areboslute,3r united- We minle to
association and the Arizona Children's i gether M never before- w 'eel tnat
home, the two institutions I represent ; Interests are one."
1 have been keenly interested in the Tne atmosphere of Bisbee Is pure
business situation ever since the his-! and clean- u "mens S00"1- M "
toric July 12th event because I am leanel out most of the social evil. W
interested in the welfare of my fellow-1 ound 8Cores of L w- w-' ndin8 -men
and in the ideals that I think our de' beds and otner PIaees in the red
countrv should have. I was also inter- "S" houses and we dragged them all
ested in the situation because I lived
In Bisbee for two years and am ac- j ay"
quainted with hundreds of its citizens. w " U not tnat union mB ar
I am quite sure that there are not bet-i lng in an' wa' Interfered with un
ter people anywhere in the state of , ,e88 ney are to noi8 witl their syn
Arizona. They are as cultured, as well! p"hie,s toT th L w- w
educated and as law abiding as any 4U M 18 nr true tnat the fmniea of
people I have ever met in my life. I ' the dePorted mn are not being weU
was therefore well acquainted with the cared, for' A fund of 60'000 h been
mental and fibre that gave badSbone ral8ed b' tt Aliens and is being
to Bisbee people. I felt quite clear Bpent very onerously in caring for all
from the beginning of trouble that Sis- th 250 'amiUe8 behind. Miss Eth
bee had counted the cost and knew ex ! !' Cummlngs. the county probation ot
actly what she wanted, and the best j fic,er; ha charge of fund and tb
thing for the rest of us was to let "Uef work- Any one acquainted with
her alone " 188 Cummings knows that no one
I want also to say that 1 went Into ! wi" 8uffer if she can find tnem
Bisbee with an open mind and without : " 18 nt,t true a good man car
prejudice one way or the other. I was ' n com back to Bisbee and go to
onH m nnifo lar .W f h- I W W ' WOrk- Tn thOUgh he Went OUt With
were a menace to Bisbee and will be
a menace to any community in this
country and that every hour we permit '
them In nmnnnto t n p r nrlninlo tha
greater our sins as a people. "There
seems to be no good thing that can
come from them."
What I shall give you will be merely
quotations from laboring men Of Bis -
bee. The atAtemonta werA triv-n tn mo
voluntarily and they were given to met
in very emphatic tones and with an
apparent conviction behind them.
Some of them are as follows "Wheel
er is the greatest man in the state,"
"It was a great day," "It was all done
as orderly and quietly as a church
funeral,", "We are all sure proud of
Bisbee. It is the best town on earth."
"I know most of the people. I watch
ed them load that bunch July 12 and
believe me, there were mighty few de
sirable citizens among them. Mighty
few." "They were shipping them at
the rate of a hundred a day. Some
body paid them $150 a day expense
money. They were the dirtiest low
down bunch of bums I ever saw. They
came here fo rno other purpose than
to make trouble for the honest work
ing man and for the company. I know
because they tried to get me. They
threatened me three times. They in
sulted the women on the streets. They
called the men who were on their way
to work vile names. They are a lot
of human degenerates. Our mistake
"Kaiser Bill"
Written For The Review By G. M. WilUrd.
You were longing for "The lay,"
Kaiser Bill.
But there'll be a Pjng delay.
Kaiser Bill.
For the empire that you planned
Over ocean, air and land
Was a "house built on the sand,"
Kaiser Bill.
Forty years of "German Kultur,"
Kaiser Bill.
Has made Germany a vulture,
Kaiser Bill.
Ever building up her power
Ever watching for "The Hour
Other nations to devour.
Kaiser Bill.
Forty years for peace declaring.
Kaiser Bill.
Forty years for war preparing.
Kaiser Bill.
TliO you thought you had a "cinch,"
You are losing inch by inch.
And your shoes, oh. Bow they pinch.
Kaiser Bill.
There are things you do not "get."
Kaiser Bill. i
In these times you do not fit.
Kaiser Bill.
You are forty years behind
And the la.st one of your kind.
Hanging Out for "Rights Iiivine,"
Kaiser Bill.
There are nations more than one,
Kaiser Bill.
Wanting "places in the sun,"
Kaiser Bill.
Setting up the law of "Might."
You have started this big tight
To despoil them of their right.
Kaifcer Bill.
i "It ls tne mo8t beautiful thing I have
ever seen. It bas united the entire
i out nd alliPPed the whole business
1 the I. W. W. bunch. All ne has to do
is to come before the committee and
tell them that he wants to go to work
t and will not join the L W. W.'s. That
commlttee 18 tnt Iairest court "
! m"e7' came before- .
! AJ1 of 016 ,boYe Quotations are from
: workin8 men' fc'Jme with CpP
' ?Uee? 'nd '"e ith Other empolyers.
""u S Person m 1IS-
oee wno was not enthusiastic over
what was done and who believed that
the kind of men put out should never
be allowed to come back.
It is possible that a few mistakes
were made In the deportation. I was
told that a few Mexicans who were
very Ignorant on going with the under
standing that they were to get $3 a
day If they stayed with the L W. W.'s.
Many of these Mexicans have been per
mitted to come back and go to work.
We hope they have learned a lesson
they will not forget.
I ft not know what Mr. Jones or
Governor Campbell thinks about the
situation. I feel that Governor Camp
bell is doing the very best he can to
qphold the dignity of the law and do
the right thing by all concerned, as
governor of the state.
(Signed) E. D. RALEY. -
Without justice courage is weak.
Many dishes, many diseases.
Many medicines, few cures.
Maxims of Ben Franklin.
It was quite a sorry caper.
Kaiser Bill.
Disregarding "Scraps of Paper,"
Kaiser Bill.
For your sneaking submarines.
And your hellish gas machines
Will be smashed to smithereens.
Kaiser Bill.
When you come to pay your debt
Kaiser Bill.
You will likely feel regret.
Kaiser Bill.
While you view your work apalling.
While you hear the orphans railing.
Heaven's wrath is on you falling.
Kaiser Bill.
Tho' we know it Isn't right
Kaiser Bill.
Still we have been known to fight
Kaiser Bill.
And our God will feel Offended
Till your red career Is ended
' And to hell you have descended.
Kaiser Bill.
So we call your bloomin" bluff.
Kaiser Bill.
: Holler when you get enough.
Kaiser Bill.
But a treaty signed by you.
We are certain will not do
For you've tvrn up quite a few,
I Kaiser Bill.
It is very plain to me.
Kaiser Bill.
t You are up a thorny tree.
Kaiser Bill.
E'en the firm of "Me and Gott"
Must not ride the earth, rough shod.
We must plant you 'neath the sod.
Kaiber Bill. SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 19, 1917.
Mining and Financial News
8Y RCVIEW
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW. YORK. August 18 Business
on the stock exchange today fell to
the lowest ebb of the summer season,
the turnover in the two-hour session
scarcely amounting to 100.000 shares,
Price movements were in keeping
with these stagnant conditions.
Recessions outnumbered gains. Rails
reflected additional moderate pressure
on further rumors on - forthcoming
government regulation.
United States Steel forfeited only a
slight fraction after an early advance
but Bethlehem and Lackawanna Steels
made extreme declines of one to one
and a half points. Copper and affiiliat-
ed issues moved within the narrowest
limits.
The outstanding feature of the bank
statement was the extraordinary
changes shown In average and actual
conditions. Under the average system
loans increased almost $55,000,000,
and reserves decreased about $61,000,-
000. In the actual table loans actual
ly increased more then $51,000,000 and
reserves gained $421,000.
Bonds were Tower in speculative is
sues. Liberty 3's ranged from 99.80
to 99.86.' .Total bond sales, par value,
$1,425,000. U. S. registered 2's rose
Vt per cent and registered 4's hi on
call during the week, Panama coupon
3's declining five per cent.
CHICAGO GRAINS.
CHICAGO, August 18. Increasing
likelihood of a bumper crop of corn
did a good deal today to smash down
proces of that cereal. The market
closed heavy 2 to 4 net lower,
with December 108 to 108V4 and May
106 to 106. Wheat finished easy at
202 September, an overnight advance
of one cent. Oats lost ?4 to 4 cents.
In provisions the outcome was a rise
varying from 10 to 35 cents.
Predictions of favorable weather
next week tended to make bears ag
gressive. The crop outlook was a big
factor also in causing would-be pur
chasers of corn for immediate use to
withhold action and in forcing a de
cline to a point where No. 2 guaran
teed to be delivered In Chicago by
September 30 was sold at $1.65, the
settlement price which the board of
trade directors recently fixed. The
market, semi-demoralized, closed at
about the lowest level of the day.
Trifling amounts of wheat changed
hands to even up outstanding con
tracts in the September delivery. It
was said the government price-fixing
committee was not likely to report un
til September first.
Oats tumbled with corn.
Hogs commanding as high as $19 a
hundredweight, led to new upturns in
the provision market.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, August 18. Cotton
closed steady at a net decline of 34
points on August and 6 to 10 points
on the more active positions with De
cember 24.40.
CLEARING HOUSE REPORT.
NEW YORK. August 18. The act
ual condition of clearing bouse banks
and trust companies for the week
shows that they hold $76,455,990 re
serve in excess of legal requirements.
This is an increase of $4,420,620 from
last week.
METAL MARKET.
New York, August 18. Copper
quiet; electrolytic, spot and nearby
nominal, September and later deliver
ies, 25.5027.00.
Bar silver 86.
NEW YORK, August 18. Today's
market was a very narrow affair all
around with no sales at all in some
issues.
All eyes are fixed on the doings in
Washington, the price fixing program
of the government and the attitude of
this government toward the Pope's
peace proposal, commanding much at
tention and the price tendency in the
security market in the immediate fu
ture will be dictated by developments
along these lines.
LOGAN ft BRYAN.
Closing Quotations August 19, 1917.
(By L. J. Overlock.)
NEW YORK.
Anaconda 76
American Can
American Car 75
American Locomotive 69
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
Jerome
and
Oatman
Stocks
JACK BUILDING
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
LEASED WIRE
American Smelter 102
Atchison - . 99
B. ft O - - 69
Baldwin 69
C. ft OL. ..- 58
C. F. & I - 48
Canadian Pacific 159
Crucible Steel .. 79
Central Leather 91
Distillers ...... 28
Erie - 24
Goodrich - -
General Motors 112
Mercantile Marine .. 33
Mercantile Marine Pfd 90i
Maxwell
Mexican Petroleum JXG
Midvale Steel SS
New York Central S4
Northern Pacific . .. 102
Reading .. .... 92
United States Rubber 63
Rep. Steel 89
Studebaker . 63
United States Steel 124
United States Steel Pfd 117
St. Paul - 66
Southern Pacific 94
Sinclair 41
Union Pacific 136
United States Metals . 59
United Fruit 131
Westinghouse 48
BOSTON.
Advemture
Allouez
Alaska ....
Arizona Coml
American Zinc
Butte
Calumet and Arizona
Chino
C. Range
East Butte
79
61
81
Granby -
G. Can. .
Hancock
Inspiration
Indiana -
13
2
Kennecott
Keweenaw
2 .
9
3a
81
Lake
LaSalle .
Miami
Mohawk
Mayflower
Nevada .
Nipissing
North Butte
2
22
7
17
56
85
24
85
27
24
7
4
78
104
16
3
Old Dominion
Osecola
Pond Creek .
Quincy
Ray Con
Shattuck
Shannon
Superior Boston
St. Marys
Utah Copper
Utah Con.
Winona .
CURBS.
Arkansas and Arizona .
Austin Amazon .
Arizon Silver King
Big Ledge
Butte and1' London
Calumet and Jerome
Cornelia ..
Curtiss Aero
Con. Cop. Mines
Con. Arizona
Denn . .
Dundee .
Emma .
Federal Oil
Fortuna .
Gadsden
Green Monster
Grand Island-
Hull
Howe Sound
Hecla
Inspiration Needles
10
1
16
18
46
11
2
17
1
4
8
2
20
31
5
9
1
47
5
3
63
420
36
' 10
1
Jerome Verde .
Jerome Victor
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Miami Con.
Magnate
Pitts-Jerome
Ray Merc .
Santa Rita
Tom Reed -
United Eastern
Verde Extension
Verde Combination
Wright-Martin
Wolvarlne Arizona
PRESBYTERIAN WORKER HERE
Rev. Robert McLean, superintendent
or Mexican work for the Presbyterian
church, arrives in Bisbee this morning
from Douglas and will hold a meeting
for the Spanish-speakinr neonle of the
Warren district this afternoon at the
church. Tills evening. Rev. HcLean
will speak in the church at 7:45 on the
work done In the republic of Mexico
by the church. AU are invited to at
tend.
TEACHERS RETURNING
The incoming trains of the past few
days have brought a number of the lo
cal school teachers who are returning
to be here In time for the opening of
the public schools, which occurs to
morrow. They have been in all sec
tions of the United States and will
have a pleasant time reciting to each
other for the next few weeks the pleas
ures that they enjoyed while on their
Vacations.
SiOMACH AND LIVER TROUBLES
No end of misery and actual suffer
ing Is caused by disorders of the stom
ach and liver, and may be avoided by
the use of Chamberlain's Tablets. 5ive
them a trial. They only cVst a quar
ter. Adv.
65
5
12
ENTERTAINMENT IS
PLANNED FOR AUTO
TOURISTS TUESDAY
Many Automobiles Are Of
fered Reception Committee
to Evergreen Tourists, Who
Arrive From Tucson on
Tuesday Morning.
Plans are rapidly maturing for the
reception in the Warren district of
the Evergreen Highway tourists, who
are due to arrive in Bisbee Tuesday
morning from Tombstone and Tucson.
The following people have donated
machines for the trip to meet the tour
ists : E. W. Beddow. H. M. Gallagher,
L. E. Gilman, Henry Poppen, Walter
Lanford, Mr. Belknap, M. J. Cunning
ham, Arthur Houle, Ralph Zieseemr,
J. C. Cowan, M. W. Powell. Joe Walk
er, Conrad Schmid. Cochise Motor
company. Hood & Bledsoe, Thorlief
Olsen, J. C. White, Harry Hayes. Buxton-Smith,
James Henderson, George
Medigovich, C. S. Thompson, Lee Jo
vanovich, E. A. Tovrea, Bisbee Dye
Works. Palace Grocery company, Ole-
on T. Knapp and M. J. Brophy. I
Other cars are expected to be pro- j
vided before Tuesday morning and all !
that can be secured are requested to
be on hand for the reception. A large
number of enthusiastic road boosters
have also signed up for the dinner, to I
be given the tourists. Any others who
desire a plate can have it reserved by
calling or telephoning Wm. Delb'ridge i
at the Commercial club.
The tour of the Evergreen Tourists,
through Arizona, has been very suc
cessful from every standpoint. The
object of the men in the party is to J
look over and eventually select for rcc-!
ommendation an all-year route between
British Columbia and the Mexican bor
der at El Paso. Several different I
routes in this state have been inves-j
ti gated and before the Evergreen peo-;
pie return they expect to ride over all.
ALLIES PREPARE FOR
THIRD VICIOUS BLOW
(Continued From Page One)
ten front South of Grozechti, in!
southwestern Moldavia, forces of Arch
Duke Joseph of Austria attacked the
Rumanian and Russian troops, taking
more than 1,600 prisoners. In the lastj
month, according to the German gen-!
pml tlpnrinilflrtarfl tha iiiatmliinM.n.l
( . . u .j 1 1 j v ti i u u ii a
fighting In Galicia, Bukowina and Ru
mania captured 42,000 officers and
men, 257 guns, 548 machine guns, 50.-
000 rifles and a large quantity of other
war material.
Fighting has broken out in the Cau
casus front, both the Russians and
Turks taking the offensives. Russians
in the Kharput, west of the Lake Van,
attacked for the first time since the
revolution, occupied a series of Turk
ish villages. Further west the Turks
attacked the Russians at Baneh, in the
Mosul region and forced the defenders
to retire to other positions.
British light naval forces on August
16 engaged a German destroyer in the
North sea. The Teuton warship,!
though repeatedly hit, escaped through ;
the mine field In a mist Later the
British warships attacked several minei
sweepers, and, according to a British!
admiralty report, severely damaged1
two of them. A German account of
the naval clash, says the English ves-j
sels withdrew from the engagement!
with all possible haste under a well-:
placed fire. '
JAMES THORPE SOLD I
BACK TO NEW YORK. !
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK. August 18. James '
Thorpe, noted Indian athlete and ath- j
letlc champion of 1912, was sold back
to the New York Giants by Manager j
Mathewson of the Cincinnati Nation- j
als here today. Thorpe was sold to '
Cincinnati by the local club last April.
COOKE GOES AS COOK
Ellsworth Cooke, who was formerly
employed as cashier in the office of
the Mountain States Telephone com
pany, and later in the employ of the
C. & A. Mining company, has gone to
EI Paso to enter the service of the
United States navy. Cooke enlisted
as a cook so that he would be able to
get Into the service at once. He
served some time as a mess cook for
constructing gangs of the telephone
company and will be able to cook np
a "Mulligan." He carries with him the
best wishes of his many friends In
the district
ARRESTED FOR" DISTURBING
PEACE
J. W. Chase was arrested yesterday
morning on a charge of disturbing the
peace. The complaint Was sworn out
by A. S. Strickland, who charges
Chase with the above mentioned
crime. Chase only yesterday had re
turned from Columbus, where he has
been since the drive. He had property
here. After his arrest he offered to
sell his property and leave the city and
never return. No action was taken on
the request pending an investigation
of other matters concerning Mr. Chase.
CHRONIC CONSTIPATION
It is by no means an easy matter to
cure this disease, but it can be done
In most instances by taking Cham
berlain's Tablets and complying with
the plain printed directions that ac
company each package. Adv.
Go To Naco This
Evening and Hear
1st Arizona Band
Every Sunday evening, immediate
ly after "retreat" the First Arizona
military band gives a concert down
at the camp in Naco. Many Bisbee
people have enjoyed this treat and
many more should do so.
Today will probably be the last op
portunity to hear one of these splen
did concerts, for the boys will soon be
going away to war. "Retreat" Is over
at five-thirty in the evening, and by
the way it is well worth the trip down
to the camp to see it and then enjoy
the band concert afterwards. If there
is anything more inspiring than a mili
tary band playing grand old concert
pieces on the camp ground while the
Arizona sunset turns the desert gray
to gold, this newspaper man would
like to know.
The Japanese home office published
on May 7 the results of the latest cen
sus, just completed, fixing the popula
tion of the empire proper at 57,442,
177.
We Won't
G
ive
If it is possible for a car to be repaired we can
do it.
Our men are experts and they don't get "Cold
Feet on a job.
Bring your car in and we will Fix It.
Remember our Motto, "Courtesy and Efficiency"
Long Trail Garage
Phone 831
A
In
Don't wait until that rip gets
longer or your soles get thinner, but
come in and have your shoes at
tended to when there is enough
sign to wear.
Your uppers will last a long time but you will have to
keep a watch on your Soles and Heels.
Let us again remind you that ours is FACTORY
EQUIPMENT, and do first-class work NOT COB
BLERS WORK.
We Handle the Famous Neolin Soles
Come In and Let Us Show You
the Class of Work We Do
Goodyear
Shoe Shoo
Phone 818
WERE IN TOMBSTONE
Tombstone was visited yesterday by
a largo number of attorneys from about
the country, having gone there to at-,
tend to matters before the Superior
court. Among those present were'
noted the following: John Mason
Ross, .1. W. Casey, S. K. Williams. J.:
Wilson Ross, Oleon T. Knapp, J. D.
Taylor, Bisbee; David Benshimol, C
W. Cass, T. P. Harte, S. W. French,
Douglas, and Lyman H. Hays, Willcox.
RAISED HIM FIFTY
Mark Aaron was convicted In the
police court here recently of having
whiskey in his possession and was
fined $50. He decided that he did not
have a square deal and that the ordi
nance was not legal. He appealed to
the Superior court at Tombstone and
he was found guilty there and the
court just added another fifty to what
the judge here had assessed.
ASK ANYONE WHO HAS USED IT,
There are families who always aim
to keep a bottle of Chamberlain's
Colic and Diarrhoea Remedy in the
house for use in case it is needed, and
find that it is not only a good Invest
ment but saves them no end of suffer-,
Ing. As to its reliability, ask anyone '
who has used it. Adv.
-Johnson Addition
Up-
TIT
CI
TIME
I
Allen Block
Business and Professional Members of
Citizens' Protective Leauge
bank of Bisbee, by M. J. Cunning
ham, Cashier
Standard Furn. Co.
Hood & Bledsoe
C. W. Ruth
Ellinwood ft Ross
P. W. Buckwalter
John Angius
J. R. Henderson
Frankenberg Bros. ft Newman
Citizens' Bank ft Trust Co., by C.
A. McDonald. Cashier
Phelps Dodge Merc. Co., by W. H.
Brophy, Gen. Mgr.
Arizona Ins. Agency, by M. J. Cun-.
ningham. Secy, and Treas.
J. M. McGregor
Collins ft Bretherton
Bisbee Auto Co., by J. J. Bowen
E. T. Rountree
Cochise Motor Co., by Simmons
Jas. P. Downs
Reynolds Music and Gift Shop, Mrs.
F. R. Reynolds
Robert Sasse
J. C. White
M. J. Brophy
The Miners' Store, by Ralph Brown
Buxton Smith Co.. by B. L. Smith
Bisbee Daily Review
. Bisbee Lumber Co., E. Marks
Geo. D. Craig
Bisbee Improvement Co., by C. S.
Thompson
John M. Johnson
Bank of Lowell, by J. M. Lyons,
Asst. Cashier
Brophy Gar. ft Sup. Co.
Purity Drug Co.
J. S. Douglas
L. R. Bailey
Miners' ft Merchants' Bank, by P.
W. Buckwalter. Cashier
J. B. Angius. by John Angius
Henderson ft Watklns Lbr. Co.
. Palace Grocery Co., by George Med
igovich Gus Hickey ft Co.
W. H. Brophy
W. E. Hankin
Treus Meat Market
Schwartz Bros. Co.
Arizona Gro. Co.
Watklns ft Berquist
Stewart ft Rountree
C. H. Philbrook
Bisbee Dye Works
Palace Und. Co., by W. G. Hubbard
Hrgan ft Seed, by Hogan
Norris Art Studio, Mrs. Norris
Welbourne ft Dodds .
H. S. Hillman
J. M. Ball. Druggist
S. A. Coca
L W. Wallace
Sam H. Kyle
Bisbee Drug Co., by P. L.
L. J. Overlock
Francis E. Shine
Louis G. Sena
Depot Market.
O. K. Liv. ft Und. Co.
Bisbee Fuel ft Feed Co.
Central Pharmacy
J. C. Leroy
The Imperial, by Wm. McClynn
Queen Laundry
Gibson-Hines Lumber Co.
Bruce Perley
D. C. Minton
Michael Keane
S. Grant
J. H. Grant
Cochise Lumber Co.
Mainland ft William
Lowell Drug Co.
Clarkson ft Roberts
Southern Arizona Furn. Co.
Long Trail Garage, by Frank Mar
tin. Busy Bee Cafe
Chile King Restaurant '
Presto Lunch
W. Mulr
L. A. Brown
Chas. Cunningham
J. E. Curry
A Valjean
Fred T. Bragonier
J. O. Potts
Thorlelf Olson
Dr. C. H. Bowker
Woolworth Co., by L. H. Bovee
Progressive Amusement Co.
Lyric Theater
Harry Sealey
Copper Queen Hotel, by H. Poppen
Central Theater, by E. V. Tracy
J. L. Powell
M. C. High
English Kitchen
Dlx Studio
I. C. E. Adams
J. E. Brophy, Agent Texas Co.
C. A. Novice, Mgr. J. C. Penny Co.
Lowell Bakery
Peter Seegar
Miners' Groc.. by Lee Jovanovlch
Lohman ft Wright
D. W. Art
Chas. Schulte. Mgr. City Dye Wks.
T. A. Hughes
Wiles ft Greeley
Powell ft Yelderton
Kern ft Kehoe
F. N. Lacy
W. S. Mize
A. Ramick
C. Rosen barger
Antler Hotel
Frank Morrelles
City Hand Laundry
Dr. G. H. Fitzgerald
Dr. C. L. Edmundson
Geo. E. Howard
Chas. P. Peters
Colorado House, by Lee J. Oliver
Myrs. Darling ft Hinton Co.
Park Cafe, by C. V. Relffel
R. Gherna
Lloyd L. Gilman
Arthur Notman
Copper Queen Cons. Mng. Co by
G. H. Dowell
J. H- Verfurtn
J. C. Ryan
P. J. Meenan
Warren Ranch, by H. Nowefl
Bisbee Naco Water Co.
Johnson Add. Fur. Co.
Brophy Carriage Co., by J. B.
Brophy
Gus Haigler
Bisbee Plbg. ft Htg. Co.
E. B. Wallace
I McWhorter
Thos. A. Whitehead
Lee Janovlch
Warren Laundry Co.
A. R. Miller
James Sena
Johnson Meat Co.
J. S. McNelsh
Edw. J. Flanlgan
Cleon T. Knapp
C. H. Van
C. H. Hunt
Thos. Watklns
T. H. J. Heidi
Ezra B. Rider
M. C. Benton
Harry A. Reese
J. J. White .
Martin Eiting
C. ft A. Copper Co.
Warren Street Ry.
Lem Shattuck
W. P. Stoma
Mark P. John
K. R. Wlnstead
L. H. Bovee
H. E. Morgan
Quality Tailors, by W. A. Douglass
McWhorters, by L. McW.
John Caretto
Brown ft Dickstein
E. A. Tovrea ft Co.
V. M. Johnson
Mason Market
Thomas Blair
M. D. Cohen
E. P. Dupen
Williams ft Flanlgan, by E. J.
Flanlgan
Smith ft Ziesemer, by R. A. Zlese
mer Gonzales ft Tuell
George A. Bridge
N. C. Bledsoe
Wm. Eitlng
J. J. Quill'
H. Cochran
D. B. Klepper "
J. C. Kriegbaum
Nathanson ft Marcellua
W. J. McGregor
Fred Johnson
Eugene Stevens
A. W. Robertson
Al. Kobey Shoe ft Tailoring Co.
Superior Ice Cream Co.
W. E. Irwin
Robert Hennessy
Lyric Confectionery
White House Cafe
H. M. Jacobs
E. P. Norton
J. F. Sinclair
Chris Vukasovlch
J. P. Steffes
New State Cash Store
M. Levin
Geo. R. Taylor
S. Morgansteln
R. O. Owens
S. T. Moss
Uncle Jim, by Jas. Finney. Jr.
r. A. Edward Roome
A. Novls
Warner Dining Room
French Kitchen
Brewery Gulch Restaurant
City Blacksmith
Dr. J. F. Teufert
Warner Hotel
H. Hayes
liUbee Ore
W. H. Anderson
Standard Oil Co., by J. J. Sparks,
Agt.
Odeon Cafe, by Jno. Miller
T. F. Meti
Lowell Hotel, by H. L. Thomas'
Orient Pool Hall, by R. J. Hoff-
meyer
Dr. O. W. Brandon
S. K. Williams
Alex Murray
J. D. Taylor
Fred Sutter
Geo. V. Bell
Johnson Hotel
Sanitary Bakery
Orpheum Cigar Stand, by O. N.
Jones
D. F. Stetson
Chas. W. Keirsey
L. E. Dean
Golden Hotel
Western Union Tel. Co., by R N.
Henderson, Mgr.
San Jose Rooming House, by J. W
King
J. P. Chiado
Chas. Clausen -Pat
Cleary
Fred Johnson
O. H. Newberry
Carl Clausen
Letson Hotel, by Oscar Leavltt
James Van Horn
Lowell Motor Co.
Ozark House, by B. Clemens
Lowell Motor Co.. J. O. Main
Stag Club, by D. J. Kennedy
H. E. Wootton
Goodyear Shoe Shop
Advertisement. -
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 19, 1917.
SEVEN
i
A
A
1
1
'A
M
il
i
i
I
3
i
-,i
9
n.
i
-
. .
i
.
s
'
A
i
THE BRITISH WORKMAN
PUPS HOME
(Continued from Page Five.)
sages from the men in the trenches to
those in the workshops. On one occa
sion I held 36 big recruiting meetings,
on the Tyne, the Tees and the Clyde
in 2S days. I have done everything
that I could to help the nation in the
war.
When -war was first threatened
against us, I visited Woolwich, which
I represent in Parliament. I said then:
"My position is that in the hour of
danger I am with the government. I
canno( help myself. We have fought
for peace until the last moment, but
if war has to come, you and I have
got to shoulder our burden. We have
got to see the old country through, to
stand shoulder to shoulder and pre
sent a united front to the enemy.'
Wily did we working men of East
London, the men who fought for peace
in 1900, act and speak in this way in
1914? The reason is simple. In the
days of the Boer War we were pro
Boer because we thought that the lib
erty of the Boer was in danger. To
day, we stand by our country because
we know that the liberty of our family
is threatened. Our family is in trouble.
Our family is standing together. And
who, in the name of God. is going to
say that we are not a family and fight
ing as a family! his war was forced
on us. Such a wicked war was never
before waged.
Our homes are In danger, our wives
and families are threatened. We un
derstand this. The brutal murders of
innocent folk in Belgium show us what
Germany would do. It is not a ques
tion of prosperity, of conquest, of
trade. We are fighting for liberty and
for our homes. I have said many
times that rather than give in to the
barbarion who could do brutal murders
such as the Kaiser has sanctioned, I
would see my own family wiped out
and every member of the British Em
pire perish.
When we understood this, we came
together. We have had our family
quarrels, very hot family quarrels
sometimes, but at the bottom we all
lad a common interest in the welfare ;
of our neighborhoods and the safety of
our nation. I had laughed sometimes
at the Algies and Berties of Piccadilly.
But when I found these Algies and
Berties, possessing all that could yield
ease, luxury and idleness, throwing
everything up to fight for their coun
try, and dying by the side of our lads
in Poplar in the trenches. I loved and
respected them for it.
We found that we were all in it. To
day it is as true as it was at the be
g!nlng. This is not a government war;
it is a people's war. We are all in it,
tne man at tne village pump and in the your Dit to scop the Kaiser from mur tig Dit or wort nas to be done, yor
fields, the blacksmith, the carpenter dering women and children." By thhlta'-l in the expert and place yourseh'
and joiner, the shipwright and the time a number of women, probably lender his direction. We are engaged
man of leisure. We are standing to- about fifty, were standing around list on the biggest task any nation ever un
gether because we are fighting for lib- ening. "Let me tell you about v dertook. We have called in the .ex-
if if
ft If
erty and for the purity of our homes.
The men are so fine. They volun
teered in their thousands, long before
conscription was talked of. And they
are taking what comes to them with
out a whimper. They left home, wife
and children not only without a grum
ble but with a smile. Down each of
our Poplar streets we have tales to ten
of Dick who earned his sergeant's
stripes, left for France and was killed
in three weeks; of Jack), blown up In
a naval fight; of Tom wounded, healed
and back again.
The example of these lads has had
a wonderful effect on people left be
hind. I know men who were drunk
ards and loafers.JTheir dear ones have
gone to the war. and I have seen th"
men at home pull up. They have cut
drinking. They come home early a:,
nights. They settle down to their
work. And when the news come.-.
that their lad was killed on the Som
me, the Ancre or at Ypres, they tak
it quietly. It is as thought they sai:,
"I must try to be worthy of my soldier
sons."
I was not surprised that the peopL
of Woolwich were united for the war,
for Woolwich lives mainly by the mac
ufscture of war material. But in Pop
lar it was different. Here the comin ;
of war seemed likely to bring to our
already poor people nothing . bu :
greater poverty, dearer food, less em
ployment. This is what actually, hap-
jpened at the beginning, although late:1
on there was abundant employment.
In our work. But when things looked
blackest, we took our stand. We'havc
a small peace party. Its strength may
be judged from the fact that when i.
holds it meetings at the East Indi:
Dock Gates, our great public forum,
its usual audience is between five an:',
fifteen people. If I stand up to advo
cate the war, several hundred people
will gather in a few minutes. They
do not stay merely to listen to Bill
Crooks. They have known me for
many years, for I have spoken there
for thirty years. But they come In
greater numbers than in the old days.
They come because I tell them abou':
the war.
I was walking down Commercia'
Road with a young fellow in k,hak;
fresh back from the front, when ho
saw an old chum come up. "Why,
Bert," he said. "Not in khaki? You've
not joined up?" "Naw!" Bert replied,
"I ain't such a fool." And he went or.
to argue against the war.
The soldier had to go on. I re
mained and turned to the young fel
low. I purposely pitched my voice
loud to attract the attention of pass
ers-by.
"I noticed," said I, "that before jou
answered your friend, you took a cig
arette out of your mouth. Do yor.
understand that it is the like of him,
doing what he is doing, that enables
the likes of you to be where you arc
in safety. You are not willing to do
ktmBJiM Mmmmmk bMsmm ir
.mhh
Real rubber-none of that puttyfied. near-rubber
look to Savage Tires. .
The tough, grips-the-road tread the resilient,
shock-absorbing cushion the strong, yet flexi
ble, never-crack sidewall
Every rubber part of SavaeTires is made of live
rubber, the finest for the purpose that money
can buy.
Stock always fresh. Sold from factory to you
through our own distributors the middleman's
profit put into higher quality.
m
ffssp big mWuaqEl
THE WESTERN VULCANISING SHOP j
Johnson Addition, Lowell, Ariz.
n7
3 &
rcene at 8 Belgian railway station a
little time ago. A train was loaded
up with 800 young women, married and
r.ingle. They had been dragged from
their homes by the German soldiers.
Tears were on their faces and their
l ands were outstretched as they cried
beseeching a neutral friend, 'Where
rre we going? For God's sake, tell us
here we are going!' They were be
ng dragged from their homes to Ger
many. And you, my lad, are not such
a fool, you say. as to help to save
your women and children from a fate
!!ke this."
There was no need for me to say
i ny more. I heard the women calling
"Leave him to us, Mr. Crooks, leave
l-.im to us." I left. That is how our
women feel about it. They encour
age their sons and husbands to go
They want this wicked and dreadful
war to cease, but they do not want i
;o cease until the power of the Kaiser
'o repeat such evil has been broken.
This is what has moved our people
the danger to the home and family. I
ave asked gatherings of men time at
ter time what they would do if they
tame back' from work in the evening
: nd found no home. If they found a
ina.is of ruins over the dead bodies
of their wives and children. I have
rsked them if they would sooner fight
mong such scenes, shooting and dodg
' lag round the street corners, or do
their fighting now. And the appeal
has never failed.
It Is our home that stands first wit:
all of us. You know the familiar
scene, the little home, the wife, the
child. The father hurries back from
vork to play with the baby. He does
not even stop to wash. The wife tells
i.im not to disturb it. it s mine, an
v. ell as yours, old girl," he says. Ho
worships it. He worships her. The
baby sickens. They hang over its cot
liour after hour, with anguish at their
hearts. It dies. Heartbroken the
nan leans down, resting his head in
1 is hand. "My God! he cries "What
.rave I done to deserve this? I would
l ave given anything. I would have
''one anything, could my boy have
lived."
As that father feels over his dead
babe, we fee! over our homes and ove:
the cause of liberty we are defending.
We will give anything, do anything to
rave it.
"But," say some folks, "you are giv
ing up liberty. You are Prussianizing
: ourselves. You are. adopting all
l.inds of regulations in England. The
people cannot do this they cannot do
t'mt. You must stay at work; you
nust go as a soldier if you are called;
you can no longer do as you like."
Yes, but why? We have temporari
ly made a sacrifice of our individual
freedom in order to secure it perma
nently. We are paying a price, bu.
v.-e are paying it of our own free will
You cannot have any spiritual gain
without nis Serial sacrifice. When a
In
perts, the best experts we can find.
We are letting them tell us what to do
and how to go to work.
But if anyone supposes that the Brit-1
ish people, who for hundreds of years
Jiave been pioneers In the fight for
liberty, are going to allow themselves ,
to be permanently deprived of freedom !
because of this, he is wrong. Our j
people have shown in the past that '
they know how to safeguard their ;
rights. Today they are willingly sac-;
rificing much of the old freedom. But ,
when the needs of the war go by, the '
temporary conditions will cease.
The great thing that concerns us
now is the war. This is a fight to the
finish, and the Kaiser hag got to be
finished. This war is everybody's ,
business, workmen and aristocrat
alike. Everybody must help, and ev
ery class is helping. We are going
to see this thing through. And we are
willing to sacrifice everything.
We remember our brave lads. When
visiting the front. I have seen me
wounded. I have asked myself what
are we that we should be worthy of
the sacrifice these men are making.
They are giving their limbs for us.
They are giving their lives for us!
They are giving their all!
I recall the words of the King when
as Prince of Wales, he attended a
great gathenng at the Guildhall after
bis journey round the Dominions.
-Wherever we want the peoples' hearts
swelled with pride at their co-partner-
ship in this great Empire." We have
no lands, no possessions, and yet we
Ml shr.re lis common heritage
freedom.
And it is that common her-
Stage which is at stake. Liberty or
Kaiserism? I am for liberty
WAR HORSES SUFFER
FROM SOUL-SICKNESS.
(Continued From Page Five.) ;
The mule can stand more hardship:
and rougher use; is not so easily blem
ished; will stand more heat and thrive
on a lesser amount of feed than the
horse, and a 1000-pound mule can eas-
ily do the work of a 1200-pound horse
and is generally useful for a longer
time even out of war. Also, there is
not the same danger of overfeeding, a
mule. You could empty a sack of bar-
ley into his feedbox and he would i.'jI
eat enough to' founder or injure
self, while a horse would gobble till
he burst.
The mule does not catch the mys-!
terious "disease" which decimates the;
horses of the Argentine in South
France and threatens importations in-
to Brittany and the Loire-Inferieure:
or, if it be poison (as many think) it
must be some physiological product
which the mule's superior phagocyte
blood globules simply gobble and de-'
stroy like a h'orse with barley!
The mule does not get "war neuras-;
thenia." Artillery and infantry, air-1
plane bombs, grenades, searchlights i
and falling fuses, long" hours without I
fod and hauls in mud and hills, tne
smell of blood and decay and shrieks ! Tne Mexicans constitute our great
of wounded horses, all fail to dismay est question," said Miss Cummings
the mule. When a l.'jrse's mate is kill- yesterday in summarizing the work of
ed beside him, he kick and plunges.
The mule stands and waits. The
mule's nerves never give way; while
tlie horse, much like a human being
(without the props of pride, patriotism
and the reasoning faculty) goes down
under the ordeal, becomes suddenly
crazed or unmanageable, or else taker
neurasthenia" for a long rest! Ster
ling Heilig in the Kansas City Star.
Thousands
Will Be
This Summer
Equip your kitchen with a GAS RANGE and a CAS FIRED WATER HEATER and free your kitchen
tasks from all disagreeable features.
CLEAN, practically without effort on your part, because dust and ashes are eliminated. EFFICIENT, be-
I . l . Ml
to' RELIABLE tZSSE!
SERIOUS SITUATION
CONFRONTS WORK OF
RELIEF ASSOCIATION
No immediate let-up is to be seen
in the situation which confronts the
Warren District Relief association in
its work of relieving any distress that
has resulted from the strike and the
deportations from Bisbee jn July 12.
The association, with an able corps of
workers, has been steadily on the job
since July 13 and there is much yet
to do.
According to the secretary. Miss
Esther Cummings, about 150 Mexican 1
families are now taking relief fron.
the association and about 70 families
of other nationalities are in the sam" '
position. This represents, to the ar-1
sociation, a daily outlay of something
over $100 a day.
It has been deemed expedient by the
association to furnish necessary tranb
portation 10 families where bona fide
representations are made. In this way !
women and children, with their effects.;
hav'A hpn notit tr ma n v an1 riintan I
i parUj of ,ne cmmtry. yesterday a wc
, nian 80Ught a ticket for herf eIt a(t ,
children to Ranier, Washington. Thin !
8 mereIy a 8anlpie 0f the requests in i
thia Jine made t0 tne organization. !
Tickets have been issued to neonle far :
' i Washington. D. C. New York. Doints I
In New Jersev. Miehiean. Montana t. i
say nothing of nearby towns in neigh-!
j boring states. i
A gradual decrease has been note-J
in the number of families of other na
tionalities than Mexican, receiving re-'
lief. This can be traced to the fact !
that numbers 'of the people do not de
sire aid and seek to get away from !
having to accept help as soon as pos-:
sible. The furnishing of transports-;
tion has also helped in this direction i
In a number of cases the husbands o! )
women who are now in Columbus have ;
declared they will nJt leave the Nev I
Mexico town and will continue to live I .
by the government's grace and refu
gee rations. The women are, helpless
and must depend upon the association
or upon friends or relatives. The as-
6ocfation is carefully investigating ev-
ery case of this character.
' Accurate records are kept of the
aid given each and every recipient. A
: cafd is given to each person. As eacl:
him-;order is filled the date and amount it
i recorded. In this manner the work has
.Deen simplified and expedited to c
vpry great extent.
In the cases f the Mexican familier
tne association is finding its greatest
cause for worry. In many instance?
the women of the Mexican families de-
8,re Dut a living. Whether it comes
from the Warren District Relief asso
elation or from the provider makes lit-
tie difference. The transportation of
.such people to any other locality it
hardly feasoble as most of them live
in Mexico and have few relatives tver
there. Also, a large proportion of the
Mexicans who were deported are not
overly anxious to leave Columbus.
! the association, of .which she is gen-
eraI secretary. "I do not know how
lne problem will be eveutually work-
ea out. The number of Americans
helped has decreased but little since
July 12.
"The association has been imposed
on to some little extent. But on the
whole our work has been remarkably
; ffee from this character of grafting.
01
COOL
0 CAS RANGES
Bislbee Improvement
i
BIIvacmontme
There is a time to work and a time
to rest a time to earn and a time to save.
Now is a good time to start a reserve
fund for yourself by opening a savings
account here.
2&
art
THERE IS NO LAW
Compelling a man to save, and we doubt if any law
could make the thriftless provident.
In tliis matter of saving you must either take
the advice of those who know or learn by your own
experience that it does not pay to livt right np to
your income, spending every cent you earn, regard
less of that future which may not be such a time ol
prosperity ior you as the present is.
This bank helps you with four per cent Interest
compounded semi-annually on your savings de
posited here.
--
Of Fire Burning
Or Burglars
Stealing your private papers and valuables when
you shut the home up for the summer.
There's Absolute Safety for both when protected
by our modern vaults
Private safes rent for $500 and up yearly.
Think this over then see
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona.
Will E. McKee, President C. A. McDonald, Cashltr
C M. GARRISON,
6 Wall Street,
NEW YORK CITY.
SPECIAUST IN COPPER
STOCKS.
Jerome Issues Reported On
Kitchens
Will Yours?
cause a gas range ana waier neaier wiu ao your coo King ana Daiang
and provide abundant hot water at the lowest possible expenditure of
time and fuel.
COMFORTABLE not only in a physical sense, but because of
relief from the knany worries that beset the particular housekeeper who
must depend upon an uncertain coal range.
We have a complete assortment of gas ranges on display, as well
a tike different types of water heater. An investigation will place you
under no obligation. Call at our store or ask us to send a representative.
(DO npCDGO
E L
1
fcu .-J j.
M. KEANE
High Class Tailor,
Airdome Theatre
Lowell, - Arizona
i
RANGES
Co.
j l J (am)
J GAS EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 19, 1917.
jurymen that will be called to report f
in Tombstone nn Vnndav mnrninr th'
Orpheum Theatre
Pick of the World in Photoplays Continuous 1 to 11
The THOMAS A. EDISON Studios Announce
SHIRLEY MASON
IN
20th.
JWth the EJF
ARE IN CITY j
J. H. Verfurth and wife are in the
city for a few days on a visit to friends.
They were formerly residents of this
city hut at present time are located
in the Patagonia district in Santa Cruz
county.
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, Phone 3D.
The Telltale Step"
An Intensely Human Interest Story of the Present Day
ADMISSION 10
"Old Moneybags"
That was the name by
which people referred
to him. Yet she chose
to wed him to become
an old man's darling,
despite all the objec
tions that were so easily
raised against the
match. She was will
ing to sell herself in the
'marriage mart for fin
ery. She was -a woman,
and she had all of a
woman's foibles.
ADMISSION 10
Central
TODAY
Eclats 1 faeatre
The House of Comfort Continuous From 1 To 1 1
3 to 11 Continuous
TRIANGLE PRESENTS
"Her Father's Keeper"
With
Irene Howley
AND
Frank Currier
How the Butterfly Daughter of a Powerful Financier
Makes Good in the Business World
Also, TRIANGLE Comedy, "A Finished Product"
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS.
Business Locals
TRY THE NEW STEAM
LAUNDRY.
STANDARD LAUNDRY
BAKERVILLE. PHONE 57
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE "
Stage Line.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
dally at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co., Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. 939
(Advertisement)
'
Rain coats $7.50 up at the Office
Store next to Bisbee Review, Main
Street Adv. 827
Mrs. Actors, Beauty Specialist and
Demonstrator. Lockie Hotel, Opera
Drive. Adv. 60
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath, 98 Masbn
H!ll, Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647.
231
R. R. WATCH INSPECTORS
Prompt repairing, careful, workman
ship, courteous treatment. Lowell
Jewelry Shtp. Adv. . 886
Just opened. Manicure parlors. Room
2, Letson Block. 583
Seven pssspuger louring car leaves
Tombstone dally, npon arrival of Bis
bee stages, for Nogales, fare $5.50, 25
pound baggage limit Adv. 317
Dance by the C. & A. band at War
ren Park every Wednesday and Sat
urday. Admission fifty cents. Ladies
free. 19.!
Try one of our $3 hats and be glad
you did. "The Office," next to' Bisbee
Review. 479
Dr. E. R. Carpenter, Douglas, every
Wednesday. Office, room No. 19, Me
guire Bldg. 476
AND 15 CENTS.
WILLIAM FOX
Presents
Valeska Sural!
In
"THE SLAVE"
A Splendid Photodrama of
Today
Written and Directed by William Nigh
AND 15 CENTS
Theatre
TODAY
Expert repairing on One watches
and jewelry, diamond setting, engrar
lug and general repairing. Mintou,
the postoffice Jeweler, Lowell.
Advertisement 343
SHIDELER AUTO SERVICE.
For hire, five and seven-passenger
; cars for Ibng and local trips; union
j pirces. Call Phone 366. Ask for Shld
jeler'scars. Air fjl
First class manicuring at Room 2,
iletson Block. 583
WE HAVE THE LATEST.
In sheet music the New Patriotic
Songs. Also full line of records and
talking machines. Lowell Jewelry
Shop. Adv. 842
Lowell Paint Shop. Painting and
paperhanging. Phone 701. Eox 3944.
P. H. Williamson, Prop. 143
MEN'S SAMPLE RAINCOATS
One-third off regular prices. Mil
ler's Shirt & Hat Shop. 285
Blsbee-Douglas stage. Winton Six,
has discontinued going by way of War
ren until further notice. 572
Call for M. E. Smith for auto so?
vice cars. Five-passenger Dodge and
seven-passenger Page cars for hire.
Phone 366. iVi
Travel to Douglc the Winton wy
bn the new stage. Cars leave Depot
Square on the hour. Fare $1.25. PMne
82. 332
An Edison concert at L. L. Gllman's
every evening. 627
Let us standardize your laundry
work. Standr.rd Laundry. Phone 57.
362
Expert paper hanger and painter. C.
J. Brandt. Phone 456. Box 150. 580
17th Cavalry-Junction Briggs, War
ren Park, 2:30, Sunday. 588
, REGISTERED IN TUCSON
James A. Parker and I. R. Sawyer
' are registered at the Tucsonia hotel
! In Tucson.
HAS RETURNED
Mrs. Mike Davis has returned fron:
Tombstone, where she has been visit
ing friends.
HERE FROM DOUGLAS
George Knight, the TSuick salesman
from Douglas, was in the city yester
day In the interests of that machine.
VISITING FROM DENVER
Mrs. G. T. Parker and family are
in the city for a few days and are reg
istered at the Copper Queen notel.
WAS IN TOMBSTONE
Cleon T. Knapp was in Tombstone
yesterday on business before the Supe
rior court. He returned during the
afternoon.
HERE FROM PHOENIX
A. W. Horbold, a traveling salesman,
is in the city for a few days from Phoe
nix and is registered at the Copper
Queen hotel.
HAS RETURNED
Mrs. C. M. Lynn, of Warren, has re
turned from California, where she has
bee nfor a number of weeks enjoying a
summer vacation.
HAS RETURNED,
John Mason Ross, of the firm of El
linwood & Ross, has returned from a
six weeks' visit to various points of
interest in the west.
IN FROM MOUNTAINS
G. J. McCabe was In the city yester
day from hixs home In Ash Canyon in
the Huachucas. He reports consider
able mining activity in that locality.
BACK FROM TOMBSTONE
Walter Fife, the hide buyer, returned
last evening from Tombstone and
surrounding country, where he pur
chased a carload of hides for his firm.
WAS IN TOMBSTONE
Judge M. C. High was in Tombstone
yesterday on business before the Supe
rior court in regard to probate mat
ters. He returned during the early
part of the afternoon.
WAS IN TOMBSTONE
Inspector George Lockwood, of the
Naco custom house, was in Tombstone
yesterday, taking over a Mexican
named Antonio Segura, charged with
violating the neutrality laws!
RETURNED TO PHOENIX
Frank Slaker has returned to his
home in Phoenix after spending sev
eral days here on insurance business.
Mr. Slaker is chief surveyor of the
Arizona Equitable Rating bureau.
AFTER JURORS
DeDUty Sheriff Red Gannon, of Bis
bee, and Brakefield, of Lowell, were
busy yesterday rounding up a bunch of
NOTICE TO F. B.
Fraternal Brotherhood will meet in
Medig'ovich Hall on and after August
20. C. E. FINNOTTI. Treas.
617
Going out of business. Selling at
cost price. American Grocery, Low
ell. . 644
CARD THANKS
We wish to express our gratitude
to Rev. Mandrln, our friends and neigh
bors for their kindness during the ill
ness and the death of our daughter,
Josephine.
MICHAEL Harmon, Wife and Family.
617
CARD OF THANKS '
To the Lady Maccabees, Ladies of
Elkdom, Pythian Sisters, B. P. O. E.
No. 671, K. P. No. 10 Lodges, War
ren Volunteer Fire Department and
many friends who sympathized with
us in the sickness and loss of wife and
sister we extend our most grateful
thanks fr favors and flowers received
in our sad loss.
E. B. MATHEWS.
MR. and MRS. ED KING.
MR. and MRS. WM. ROBERTS.
MR. and MRS. M. GRACE. "
MR. and MRS. J. DAVIES.
MR. R. GREENWOOD.
651
The Old Baily House has changed
hands, has been thoroughly renovated
and has t'jme nice clean rooms for
rent Mrs. Susie Morrow. 657
The American Cafe will be open to
the public Tuesday the 21st. The only
American cafe In Lowell. Back of Low
ell Bldg.. Lowell, Ariz. 657
Invitation dance at Highland Park
every Sunday night at 8 o'clock. Good
orchestra. Tickets at Uncle Jim's
or Highland Park. 584
EAGLES, ATTENTION
All Eagles and visiting brothers are
requested to be in attendance at the
funeral of Brother P. J. McCullough,
which will be held from the Eagles'
Home at 1 o'clock Sunday afteruVum.
RICHARD DAVIS, President.
60S
THROUGH TO DOUGLAS j
David Benshnol, the Douglas lawyer,
was in the city yesterday on a short
visit while on his way home to Doug
las from Tombstone, where he had
been on business before the Superior
court.
UP FROM BENSON
William Klinz, manager of the Ben-;
son telephone exchange, and Vm. Etz1
were in the city last evening from;
Be nson and enjoyed themselves at the
dance at Warren. They returned home
today. j
BACK FROM TOMBSTONE
Edward Massie, deputy state mine
inspector, has returned from Tomb-1
stone, where he has been on business
connected with his official position. KeJ
reports that camp working the usual
quota of men.
HAS RETURNED
County Engineer J. C. Ryan has re
turned from Safford, where he was.
called on account of the death of his
father-in-law, J. Aired. Mrs. Ryan Is
still at Safford and will remain there'
for some time. i
HAVE RETURNED
P. Walsh and wife have returned
from California, where they have been
for the past month on a visit to the
various coast resorts. Mr. Walsh is
one of the employes of the Phelps
Dodge general office. j
ON WAY HOME j
V. P. Miller, of Douglas, was In the!
city yesterday on his way to that city (
from Tombstone, where he has been
for the past week acting as assistant
county attorney In the absence of
County Attorney Ross.
IS CALLED HOME
John W. Walker, court reporter, in
the Superior court at Tombstone, will
leave in the morning for his old home
in Indiana, being called there on ac
count of the serious illness of his fath
er, who is now over 70 years of age.
WAS IN DOUGLAS j
Captain John W. Walker, Jr., who
is in charge of the detachment of the
35th infantry now stationed at Lowell,
was in Douglas yesterday on a short
visit to friends there. He was sta
tioned at that place before going to
Nogales. p. i
OVER FROM TOMBSTONE
Miss Lessie Lowe is over from
Tombstone to spend a few days on a
visit to friends. Miss Lowe is at pres-;
ent employed in t V office of the board
of supervisors as stenographer. She
was formerly employed in the Phelps
Dodge store here.
GENERAL OBREGON HERE
Bisbee was visited yesterday by Gen.
Jose Obregon, of the staff of President
Carranza, accompanied by his staff.
He arrived here this afternoon and
after remaining about an hour for
lunch resumed his Journey to Douglas,'
where he is going from Nogales.
LEAVES FOR LOS ANGELES
Mrs. George R. Smith, wife of Judge
George R. Smith, of Lowell, left last
evening for Los Angeles, where she
will remain for a couple of months.
Mrs. Smith's health has not been of
the best for some time and the present
trip is in the endeavor to Improve it.
TO FIX TAX RATE
Vance Johnson, chairman of the
board of supervisors, will leave tomor
row for Tombstone, where he goes to
attend the meeting of the board for the
purpose of fixing the tax rate for fins
year, as is required by law. The
county rate will be about thirty cents
per hundred.
LEFT FOR CALIFORNIA
W. F. Fowler left last night on the
Golden State Limited for California,
where he will spend a two weeks' va
cation. It is reported that he will not
return alone but will bring back wltn
him one of the charming young ladies
of Los Angeles, who has consented to
share his future life.
APPLICATION FOR BOND ISSUE
The Tucson, Gila Bend and New Cor
nelia Railway company has made ap
plication to the State Corporation
commission for permission to issue ad
ditional bonds in the sum of $75,000
for an extension of the equipment of
the road. The matter has been set for.
hearing on August 20.
FORFEITS BOND
J. W. Womack has forfeited a bond
of $250 to the city for failure to repoit
in the city court when called to do so.
He was arrested tor having intoxicat
ing liquor in his possession and put up
the money for his appearance, but
failed to show up. The City Is there
fore that much better off.
ON WAY TO TUCSON
Judge McAllster, of Graham coun
ty, who has been holding court iu
Tombstone for the past few days dur
ing the absence of Judge Lockwood,
who is at Florence, was In the city
last evening. He stopped over here!
over night while on his way to Tucson'
where he will hold court on Monday
for Judge Patee, '
When in Need of Automobile Supplies
You Will Do Well to See Our Line
The following arc only a few of the many items we carry in regular stock for the
Motorist, and we are always glad to supply your needs. Included are Vulcanizers,
Patches, Inner Tubes, Casings, Skid Chains, Pumps, Jacks, Spark Plugs, Batteries,
Lamps, Horns, Tool Boxes, Auto Robes, Tools of all kinds. Also Motorcycles and
Accessories.
v
From
"We Make 'Em Fit"
Tailor Made Clothes have a "snap"
of their own a distinctive style and fit
that clearly stamp the wearer with that
well dressed mark of success.
A "good front" insures a man a "good standing" wherever he
goes. Good clothes are clothes that fit. And good clothes are
made to measure.
You have the feeling of wearing something that is "made for
you.
Our Prices Are Right $25.00 Up
F,
Phone 140
HAVE BABY BOY
The home of B. M. Atwood, in Phoe
nix, has been brightened by the arri
val of a nine-pound boy. The young
ster arrived on August 10th. Mr. At
wood was formerly connected with the
state engineer's office and was in this
section for some time while the road
was being built down Tombstone can
yon, towards Tombstone.
'McCOLLOUGH FUNERAL TODAY !
The funeral of P. J. McCollough, the
old-time Bisbeeite who died here sev
eral days ago, will be held from the(
Eagles' hall this afternoon at 1 o'clock.;
Services will be held under the aus
pices of the Fratemal Order of Eagles,
at their hall. The general public is ln-;
vited to attend. Interment will be
made In Evergreen cemetery.
HERE FROM TYRONE
James S. Casey is in the city for a
few days from his present home in
Tyrone, N. M. Mr. Casey was former
ly with the law firm of Ellinwood &j
Hons, of this city, but at present is
looking after the legal interests or the
Phelps Dodge company in that section.
He has many friends here who are
glad to see him in the district again.
RECEIVES COMMISSION
Albert Ryan, youngest brother of J.
C. Ryan, county engineer, has Just ro-j
turned to Douglas from the training'
camp where he received a commlsslon(
as second lieutenant. He has Just ob
tained his majority and has completed,
a three-years' course In the Univer-,
slty of Arizona, where he was a stu-!
dent of electrical and civil engineer
ing.
CAVE HEARD FROM
Wayne B. Cave, formerly night edi
tor of the Bisbee Review, and com
missioned in early June as a second,
lieutenant In the regular army, has left!
the Presidio, where he took his train-
ing course, for Salt Lake City, Utah.
where he has joined the Forty-first;
United States infantry. Cave waa a
resident of Bisbee for better than a'
year when he secured admittance toj
the Presidio training camp. Shortly j
after he arrived at San Francisco he
was apprised of his appointment to the!
AMD OUT
the Crowd
M
ILLARD
(LEADING TAILOR)
regular army, having taken an exam
ination fcr that branch of the serviro
during the fall of 1916.
ANOTHER GRANDCHILD
Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Hicks yesterday
received word, from Santa Fe, N. M.,j
that their daughter-in-law, Mrs. Wil
liam Hicks, had given birth to a baby
girl. Mr. William Hicks, the happy
father, was a Bisbee boy, being raised
here, but at present be is located at
Douglas, where he is timekeeper for
the Copper Queen Mining company at i
the smelter.
GUARD YOUR BERRIES
L. N. Gooding, of the Bureau of plant
Industry, will be at the Copper Queen
hotel, August 19 and 20. He is anxious
to learn of those people, in this re-
f .' . . .'. v . '
berries or pines. A disease which has;
done untold damage to these plants in
the east is being traced. The agent
of the bureau is anxious to learn
whether or not it has got this far west.
He desires that anyone raising such
plants get in touch with him. Goodlnj
was associated with the Bisbee High
school for a number of years.
i .
MAY HAVE NEW JAIL
The county budget which was
re-
cently adopted by the board of super
visors provides for the sum of $5,000
for the erection and repairing of the
county jail building in Bisbee, and
500 for the erection of one In Lowell.'
Both of the present structures are of
no value whatever and the walls of
the Bisbee Jail are now adorned with
some six or eight places where holes
have been dug through and plastered WANTED Dish washer. Warner Din
up again. The Lowell Jail is in about ,ng j;., E arner Hotel. 664
the same fix. It is expected that bids
will be asked for rebuilding the jails OPENED boarding house. S3 Upper
as soon as the county taxes begin to Lowell. 643
come in.
BILL HATTICH AND HORNETS
News has been received in Bisbee
of a very "hot" time recently expert-:
enced by our old friend. Bill Hattich.!
formerly of the Tombstone Prospector.!
The story recites t.'iat Hattich and a
young lady from Hollywood visited
Venice the other day, they decided to'
I J
Allen Block
start their day's pleasure with a dip
in the ocean. After donning their
bathing suits thy walked along tha
beach to Playa del Rey. They swam
and then lolled around on the beach,
the shade of a tree at the foot of a
D,uff tnat tlleir troubles commence J
and their day's pleasures ended. Un
known to either of them, a family ol
hornets had seen the tree before they
did r.nd mV.e their home in nert
thev iu't on one of its branches
Hattich and the young lady took
to satisfy their curiosity. When
they poked at the nest the hornets re
sponded. The two bathers ran and the
hundreds of hornets stung. For fully
a half mile along the beach the race
continued before the hornets flew back
i to their home and the two bather
I limped, rubbed and wept as they
! hastened toward Venice. Every minute
the landscape waa becoming dimmer
, ...
and great knots were coming out on
I their faces, arms and legs.
I At the emergency hospital, to which
institution they were taken. Municipal
Nurse Shelve did what she could for
them, but It was three hours before
they could put on their street clothes
, or look at or speak to each other.
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY.
FOR SALE 1 5-room house. 1 8 room
house with lawn and trees: best lo
cation in town: terms if necessary.
Call Uncle Sam's residence. Mason
Hill. 663
FOR RENT 2 light housekeeping
rooms. Hinkle Flats. No children.
Inquire Mrs. K. S. Merrill, Warner
Dining Room. 664
O. K. RESTAURANT opened for busi
ness. 5S0
BISBEE MATTRESS and Upholster-
Ing Works. Phone 734. Don't buy
until you see our stock of new mat
tresses. We can re-build your old
mattress. All kinds of upholstering
done. Old furniture repaired. A!i
work guaranteed. 331 imp vmnTir-MiiT-M nm
I
1
' 1
MINING
SECTION
SOCIETY
SECTION
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 20. NO. 62.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 19, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
tin
3
-3
'i
i
4
.
' 1
4
' I
V4
i
- 3
it
'
J
Jerome Looks Forward
To Biggest Boom In
History of Arizona
Jerome Verde, Verde Combination and Calumet and Jerome
All Showing Excellent Indications of Nearing Big Ore
Body United Verde Extension Will Break Record This
Month and Ship 5,000,000 Pounds of Copper to Smel
ters Unless Car Shortage Interferes.
MEN" AND HORSES AT WAR; WOMEN TILL FIELDS OF FRANCE
JEROME, Ariz.. Aug. 18. Jerome is looking forward to the biggest boom
in her history. Predictions that the coming tall and winter will see an excite
ment equalling If not surpassing that which followed the United Verde Exten
sion strike are heard on every hand. Business houses and mining men art
preparing and planning for the boom days that all feel sure are on the way.
No less than three prospects give promise of becoming big mines
within the next few weeks. These are the Jerome Verde, Verde Combina
tion, and Calumet & Jerome. Some twenty properties in the district a
under development, but interest is centered on these at present.
A few months ago the Jerome Verde's diamond drill, operating from a
crosscut run off into J. V. ground from the 1,400-foot level of the United
Verde Extension, crosscut two feet of chalcocite assaying 27 per cent cop
per. That sent the stock up to $3 a share, but there was a subsequent drop
when other drill holes, run on the same level and from SO to 100 feet distant,
failed to find the same ore."
Crosscut Started Toward Ore Body
Now a crosscut has been started in the same direction as the original
drill hole but not exactly parallel with it. When this crosscut Is driven 16
feet ahead from its present face it will be in the ledge where the ore was
cut, but 16 feet above and some 20 feet to the south of the actual spot where
the ore was located. Important news may come from this crosscut in two
or three days.
About 2,000 feet south of this working, and east of the V. V. Extension
boundary, is the Columbia shaft of the Jerome Verde. It has been sunk
to a depth of 1,050 feet, which corresponds with the 1,400-foot level of the
U. V. Extension, in which the biggest body of high-grade copper ore in the
world was discovered. A crosscut has been run some 335 feet to the west.
For a long distance this crosscut passed through broken iron, jasper, quartz
and schist promising but nothing more. Now it has passed through the
sheared zone known as the Verde north fault, where the formation is
whitish quartz-porphyry very much like the white intrusive surrounding the
Extension ore."
Another week may carry this crosscut into ore. It Is also possible that
not enough depth has been attained; that owing to the dip of the Extension
ore the Jerome Verde must go deeper to catch it on the continuation. In
that- case the Columbia shaft will be sunk an additional 200 or 300 feet and
another crosscut run.
Verde Combination Has Good Showing.
Big news should come from the Verde Combination, which is officered
chiefly by El Paso people, shortly after the Jerome Verde reports important
determinations. David Morgan, who was superintendent of the U. V. Exten
sion when the big strike was made there, is directing work at the Combina
tion and a number of local investors are banking on "Morgan's luck" scarcely
less than on the splendid showing that he has opened.
The main shaft has been sunk 555 feet and is being continued at the rate
of five feet a day. It is some 75 feet south of a 310-foot porphyry intrusion
which cuts across the country from northeast to southwest. All the way
down the shaft has passed through alternate bands of schist and diorito,
dipping toward the porphyry. Every one of the schist bands carries copper
sulphide, each one a little more than the one above it. The last one, which
was 27 feet thick, averages two per cent copper. Now the shaft is but
tomed in a schist band blacker and more highly mineralized than any of those
nearer the surface. Geologists say that this band may be as much as 200
feet thick.
It is believed that when the Combination shaft is sunk 200 or 300 feet
deeper and a drift is run to the porphyry, rich ore will be found on the contact.
If no high-grade is discovered the Combination is almost certainly a low
grade concentrating proposition.
Morgan is one of. the most conservative men in the mining game but he
admits that today the Combination looks better than the U. V. Extension
ever looked before the high-grade was struck there.
Calumet & Jerome Another Good Prospect
The Calumet & Jerome Is right at the south end of the camp of Jerome,
as close in as the U. V. Extension or Jerome Verde. A shaft has been sunk
COO feet and it passes right through the sheared zone. Now a station has been
cut at COO feet, practically all in a white intrusive said to be identical with
that found at the Extension. A crosscut has been started west toward the
United Verde vein, while drifts are being run north and south from the
station.
If surface showings go for anything, the Calumet & Jerome should be one
of the big mines of the district. Indications opened by the shaft have been
entirely satisfactory.
There will be another active property in the south end of the district
shortly when the Jerome Copper company gets under way. A contract has
been let for the construction of 6,000 feet of road which will afford access to
the claims, and negotiations for electric power are under way. If all goes
well the necessary transmission line will be completed by September 10. The
road will be finished in two weeks and then a plant of machinery, already
purcahsed, will be installed. This will be used for the driving of an 800-foot
tunnel that will intersect the main north-and-south contact at a depth of 450
feet. On the surface much low-grade ore has been exposed by shallow work
ings, and it is thought that the chances for high-grade at depth are excellent.
U. V. Extension Will Shatter Record
An eastern syndicate has financed the Jerome Copper company, which
Is understood to have $100,000 in the treasury. That amount has been paid
jSpr-? -Tps J$t
s ' xor-
Company Will Have Its Plant
Ready for Moving Upon thei
frntin1 Ac 9nnn a RnaJ T. '
Passable, Is Report.
JES0KKwJM COPPER
TAKEN OVER
BY GENERAL
PEUO.
Holding Corporation for Mi
ami Copper Company and
Other Successful Ventures
Enters Yavapai Field.
Women taking the place of horses on a farm in France.
While the mea 67ra22Sa axe at the front protecting their homes against the Invader, and her 4snb work
ers are serving also tauio great cause, the women of France are taking the places of both in the indretrial and
business worlds. " la toae Instances they have gone so far as to do the work of horses and oxen, la order that
their country may put ia full strength in the struggle against militarism and autocracy.
(Continued on Page Two)
MAYER DISTRICT SHOWING HEWED P
APTiwnu onmm dia ncio nixorn iHolALLtulNonArl
HUiuii I, jLLUHL D1U vuiw ILUOLUj OF OLD SILVER KING
MAYER, Ariz., Aug. 18. The taking; Hooker mine, near Jerome. It is un
over of the Mayer-Belford group of derstood that something like a quar
11 mining claims, four miles east of ter of a million dollars is being paid
this place, and the Ewing and Hooker! for tn,s Property, a good sized pav-
mine near Jerome, by the General De- ment having been already made, the
SUPERIOR, Arizona. August 18.
The new equipment for Silver King
JEROME, Aug. IS To complete ne
gotiations with the Arizona Power
company for current, A. L. Johns, su
perintendent of the Jei'jme Copper
company, left recently for Prescott.
If negotiations are concluded satis
factorily, as now seems probable, the
necessary transmission line will have
been completed by September 10.
Shortly after that development of the
property will begin in earnest
The Jerome Copper tympany holds
the Hooker & Ewing group of claims
a mile south of Jerome, and is now
amply Inanced. An eastern syndicate
has advanced all the money necessary
for the development of the claims
along njdern lines and no stock will
be offered by the company to the pub
lic. A few days ago a contract was let
to Fleming & Stitzer for the building
of about 6000 feet of road to afford easy
j access to the property. Their contract
will be carried out in about two weeks.
Unless there is some hitch in the
negotiations with the power t'jmpany.
the Jerome Copper company will have
its plant ready for moving upon the
ground as soon as the road is pass
able. The plane Includes a compres-1
sor, drills and 'other equipment, and
is practically new. It was installed
at a property south of Prescott last
February and used hardly enough to
break in the machinery. Recently it
was purchased by the Jerome company.
In accordance with the advice of
eminent engineers who have looked
over the claims, an 800-foot tunnel will
be driven to intersect the main diorite
schist fault at a depth of 450 feet The
portal of this tunnel will be consider
ably below the old one, which was driv
en in 400 feet attained a depth of 200
feet but failed to reach the fault
Much low-grade ore has been found
along the fault on the surface. One
arrived last week, and a large force 98-foot tunnel opened a splendid sKw-
or men Is Dusy this week Duiiding inK. A Bnort cr08SH:ut from this tun
sulphide as much as a foot thick. En
gineers say that the changes for a rich
copper mine at depth are splendid.
velopment company, means, perhaps,! balance being due at the end of a, concrete foundations and buildings to
more to the Mayer district, directly, year- In order to prove up the prop- cover the new and modern plant,
than to any other part of the great ery before the payment of the last 1 The equipment consists of a fifty
"Jerome to Phoenix" mineralized belt. amount due, a considerable sum will horsepower Fairbanks-Morse engine,
Thp findine nf hirh miio n be expended there. It is announced, a compressor and a new lioist and a
the 600-foot level of the Arizona Bins-! however, that work of considerable ex-' powerful pump. It is thought that it!
hamton and the great success that the'tent w111 be commenced on the Chrlst-will take about two weeks to install P I ID D V MrKP Pfl
flotation mill is showing on the lower' mai mine, at Mayer, within 90 days. It'this machinery, and then the work of . UUnil I lllllllllU UUl
graae ores at the same mine; the re-1 18 repurieu " e&ceueui auuiuruy uuu developing me property win gian m
cent proving of large ore bodies ot, tne General Development company has! earnest.
chalcopyrite ore, running from 2 to 2; Put UP half a million dollars so far inj The water at present Is slightly ne
per cent copper. In the Copper Queen ; tne D'S deal- low the 100-foot level. It should not
mine adjoining the Arizona Bingham-j There is no question but that the, take to exceed thirty days to reach
ton; the discovery of a 3-foot vein ofi Jar8e dealings in mining properties in the 250-foot level after the pumps are
25 per cent copper ore in a 40-foot Ul'8 immediate district during the past working, and it is from this level that
shaft on the Big Bug Copper com- ew weeks will set tne pace for stiu a large quantity of good ore will be
By William P. DeWolf.
PRESCOTT. Ariz.. August IS A
mining deal of paramount importance
to the mining industry of Yavapai
county was closed here a few days
ago by the transfer of a very gener
ous control of the Jerome Copper Min
ing company to the General Develop
ment company, holding corporation
for the Miami Copper company ami
other successful mining ventures
throughout the United States and else
where. The monetary consideration
has not been made -public, but your
correspondent can state authoritative
ly it W4s commensurate with the val
ue of the Jerome Copper company's
mining realty assets in the Jerome
and Mayer fields; which is to say it
was a large sum.
The transfer of control to the Gen
eral Development company was given
official sanction at a meeting of the
board of directors of the Jerome Coo
per Mining company, held in this city
August 6th. which was attended by all
of the local members of the board and
by F. Wellington Hay of Toronto,
member of the Canadian Parliament,
and by Gus Zorke, El Paso banker and
capitalist. At that meeting the board
of directors was increased from sev
en to nine members by the addition
lf TfrtmAr It It" in r nt Owkafw.. a n .1
III. E. Crawford of Los Angeles, mln.
nel intersected streaks of solid iron ! In (,aSinr. Aside from the gentle-
TO DEVELOP CLAIMS
IN SUPERIOR REGION
SUPERIOR. August 18. The Curry
pany's ground a mile south of the; larger sales. The district around Cop-' taken. While the development work Minine conmanv is the latest llota
Copper Queen; the taking over of the perymountain covers an area at least js ln progress at 250 feet, pumping I tion In the Superior district The new'thered under the supervision of A. L.
men mentioned the personnel of the
directorate is: E. A. Kastner. busi
ness and mining man of Prescott;
Henry Brinkmeyer. business and min
ing man of Prescott: F. M. Burdick.
president of the Burdick Enamel Sign
company of Chicago; Markham B.
Orde. treasurer of the Chicago Surface
Lines, and George A. Gilbe managing
director of the Employers Liability
company of London.
Development Underway.
Development of the company's
property was taken over August 1st
under the management of the General
Development company, and being fur-
Barbara mine by the Bisbee leasers, ve miles square with many excellent
John Ross, W. A. Tucker, James Smith' properties yet to be exploited lying
and Lee Hunt, in the same district,
the announcement that Senator Reyn
olds and Celera Stoddard have com
menced to reorganize the old Stoddard
Mining company with a view of begin
ning an extensive line of development
on these old Copper Mountain prop
erties; the striking of high grade
copper ore in a 50-foot shaft by O. M.
nywaiers, or Koxton, Tex., on a prop-
adjacent to the mines already taken
will .be continued until the shaft
which Its 850 feet deep, is entirely dry.
The company is well financed, and
company has taken over the William
Curry group of seven claims in the
Silver King neighborhood and has
over by companies. The formation is j with new and efnclent machinery.: been authorized by the state corpora-
sucu inai prospecting can ue carr.eu there wm De furtner Interruption
un easily lur mere . no Beuiiiieiiu.rjr . , ,h fc f rMnonlnB th Oliver
formation to cover up the mineralized
zones, which, ln many cases, can - be
traced clear across the entire dis
trict
The four Bisbee mining men, who
have just taken over the Barbara
erty southeast of the Copper Queen, i mine, have held valuable leases In
and the announcement that the Half! several copper camps In Arizona and
Moon company will soon start exten-1 other states. It Is their opinion that
this Copper mountain camp is a
man's" country for the ease
which the ore is found.
poor
with
sive development in this Copper Moun
tain district have caused a great deal
of Investigation of the camp by the
best known mining engineers of the
United States. The announcement of Chancellor of Exchequer Law inti'J-
the taking over of the well known duced resolution authorizing. British
Mayer-Belford mine, which is In the treasury to borrow 250,000,000.
heart of the camp, by the General De
velopment company, puts the district
ln the high class rating right along
with the older and larger producing
sections of the state.
The M&yer-Belford mine is known
locally as the Christmas, since it was
located originally by Wm. Belford. of
this town, on a Christmas day. The
group is five claims long, covering onv
of the strongest outcrops of mineral-'
ized schist and iron to be found in the
Mayer district. At several plactB
along tre strike, the vein has been
found to be from 200 to 300 feet wide.
and there are good sized widths of it
that will run from 2 to 17 per cent
copper. A shaft has been 6unk 50
feet, following down a vein that Is con
sidered very promising.
Belford was staked by Bur Mayer,
the lecal merchant In the original lo
cation of the ground. It Is understood
that each owner has received a cash
payment and a good sized block of the
stock in payment in full for their holdings.
While no public announcement has
been made as to the amount of devel
opment that Is to be done on each
property, it is understood that the
company will give particular attention
to the opening up of the Ewing and
. A Deep Shaft
heard while act
on the Catskill
Here's a yard
ing as inspector
aqueduct
Two minors were arguing about
deep shafts they had seen.. Finally
one said: "Aw! you don't know
what a deep shaft Is. Why when I
wag out west I struck a town where
they said there was a deep shaft, so
I went to look her over. When I
got to the location I found the hoist
house was made of cut stone and
inside it had a marble floor. I
went In and there was the biggest
hoist I ever saw running like bell
and the hoist runner was sitting
in a chair sound asleep. I ran
over and woke him up and I says:
'You will be running the skip
through the head house if you don't
stop her.'
"He says. 'What day of the weekj
is It?' and 1 says, Tuesday."
"'Oh, helll' he says, 'she wont
be up till Friday.'
"That's what I call a deep .shaft."
II. S. Bronxville. N. Y.
King and again placing It in the pro
ducing class.
There is a better and a more opti
mistic feeling in the Silver King sec
tion today than for months. The ar
rival of the new equipment for the
old property ,the recent rich strike
in the Fortuna, the development go
ing on in the Black Eagle and the
tion commission to dispose of 200,000
shares of stock for development pur
poses. There was considerable ore shipped
from the ground now included in the j
estate of the Curry Mining company i
In the early days. Wm. Curry at one
time made a shipment from shallow
workings to the smelter at El Paso
which gave the following returns:
Gold. $5.70; silver, 225 ounces; cop-
showing made by the Camelback all per, 7 per cent ; lead 8 per cent Open
inspire confidence and old-time activ
ity will soon be in evidence.
Tovote Manager
OfLoma Prieta
work in different sections of the prop
erty shows good values In gold, silver,
copper and lead.
It Is the Intention of the new com
pany to install a hoisting plant to
test at depth some of the most prom
ising dikes.
The management Includes such well
known men as John T. Rurey. former
ly of New York, but now of Phoenix.
who is acting in the Capacity of sec-
.InnM fnrmprlv aaoivlafiwl -itt. . V. &
mining interests of the Marcus Daly
estate. It was under the supervision
of Mr. Jones that the company's Et.
ing & Hooker group of nine claims at
Jerome was developed to the stage
where it warranted the investment of
large capital. This Is particularly
true of the Porous Iron claim of the
group, where the copper showing is
one of the best for the depth gained.
in the Jerome field. For a number ot
weeks past, until recently, a corps
of mining engineers of the General De
velopment company's staff was engag
ed in making an exhaustive examina
tion of the Jerome Copper Mining
company's holdings at Jerome and
Mayer, and the favorable report made
to headquarters was based largely
upon the work done under the direc
tion of Mr. Johns.
At present a crew of eighty men is
employed' in building a road to the
company's Ewing & Hooker group,
and this is to be followed by like work
on the company's eleven claims in
Fred H. Shultx of ! the Mayer field. The acreage at May-
PRESCOTT. Aug. 18. W. Tovote.
prominently known in mining circles
as an engineer, and formerly with the ' retary-treasurer;
Copper Queen at Bisbee in this capa-lft-ew York City, and J. D. Cox of Hor-jr. like that at Jerome, presents a very
city, arrived recently from the south 'neii w v. William Currv. a mlnlne ! promising copper showing. Proxim-
and has taken charge of the atflalrs of man or pjpe experience, will have Ity to the mine of the Arizona Bing
the Loma Prieta company ln Copper charge of the development work and hampton Copper company, now on a
Basin. During several months last year tne general management of the com-P lng basis, has of late added to the
this copper authority made an exhaust- pany. Curry has been in Arizona fol- al' of the Jerome Copper company's
ive study of geological conditions em j lowing the mining game for forty-j holdings at Mayer. The road build
bracing the commercial field, wlthjeght years, and has held responsible Ing now underway is a necessary pre
whlch he expressed himself as favor- positions at Ray and Bisbee. where he liminary to the installation of niachin
ably impressed, becoming thoroughly a88ited in developing some of the best jery and the opening ot both groups at
conversant with the holding he now ' producers. I depth. Under the management of so
takes charge of and which he will op
erate In a practical manner. Mr. To
vote visited the camp during the week
I Influential and financially stable a
A bureau of employment to train , corporation as the General Develop
women ln railrbad work will be estab-; ment company it is all but needless to
but Is reticent as to what future plans ;llshed Dy tne st & San pranJadd that work will be vigorously pros-
of operating are to be carried out. j cJsco nulroad at Springfield. Mo., be-'ecuted and will be facilitated by ade-
LU8S of the shortage of men. Iquate machinery equipment
j A Welcome Addition.
Washington report of allies buying Mining men in general view the ad
Resolutions asking the federal gov-'
ernment to fix a minimum price of 73
cents and a maximum of SI a bushel large amounts of copper through de- vent of the General Development
for corn, for the purpose of insuring tense council at 25 cents a pound not; company to the mining ranks of Yava
sufficient acreage to encourage stock confirmed. j pal county as onte of the most import
men, and also urging exemption from :ant additions thereto since former
draft for stock feeders, were adopted Navy department contracts for 4.-; United States Senator W. A. Clark
Friday by the Chicago Livestock Ex- 500,000 yards woolen uniform cloth j
chtDge. costing over 116,000,000. i (Continued on rage Two)
i TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 19, 1917.
GOLD OUTPUT OF UNITED STATES
LIKELY TO BE MUCH INCREASED
Revived rumors of an approaching
peace proposal from Germany and
her central allies, and the accompany
ing suggestion of an ending of the
world war before the close of the
year, have served to center the inter
est of leading economists and bank
ers in the United States once more
upon the need for building up still
further this country's home-produced
gold supply to such an extent as will
enable it to establish itself, at the
conclusion of hostilities, as the ec
knowledged banker of the world
- not in name only, as at present, but
In fact.
To accomplish this end, it is conced
ed to be necessary to augument ma
terially this country's production of
the precious yellow metal from all its
known and all possible new sources,
thereby making up the heavy falling
off in its output of this metal which
has occurred in the last year, and
which is revealed in the drop from a
production valued at 101,000,000 in
1915 to one valued at $95,000,000 in
1916.
Little heed has been given hitherto
to this decrease in the United States
production, because of the fact that
the stock of gold in this country has
increased from $1,887,000,000. at
the outbreak of the war, to 13,089,000,
000 today, and to the fact that
the United States government, unlike
any other government In the world,
has not interested itself very much in
her production of gold.
But, with the first intimation of a
speedy termination of the world war,
there has come the probability of
heavy withdrawals by the foreign na
tions from the vast stock of gold now
piled up in this country, and the pos
sibility that the outflow of gold, once
begun, will drain the United State of
all the yellow metal which has
come to our shores within the last
three years, and perhaps make heavy
hoards upon our own hoards, in ad
dition. It is in the hope of amply compensat
ing for this drain upon our present
large supply and making up for last
year's falling off in production, there
by assuring this country's position as
the unquestioned banker of the world.
IS TAKEN OVER
' (Continued From Page One) ..
took over the United Verde mine, and
the Douglas Interests assumed con
trol of the United Verde Extension
mine. They consider it to be a pos
sible forerunner of yet other exten
sive mining investments here by cot
porations and individuals of promi
nence in the country's mining aftffairs.
That this opinion is justified, at least
insofar as the General Development
company is concerned. Is evidenced
by the vigor and financial success with
which that corporation has developed
the estate of the Miami Copper com
pany and other mining holdings in var
ious sections of North and SoutU
America. Backed by the financial re
sources of the Lewishons, and under
the managerial guidance of J. Parke
Channing, one of the world's noted
mining engineers, the General Devel
ment company will doubtless place
the estate of the Jerome Copper Min
ing company on the list of its other
successful mining enterprises and add
another dividend-payer , to the roster
of Yavapai county's copper producer.
It is the purpose or the General De
velopment company to finance the Je
rome Copper Mining company as a
close corporation and to offer no stock
to the public.
E. A. Kastner and Homer B. King,
to whose efforts in great measure is
due the early financing and develop
ment of the estate of the Jerome Cop
per Mining company, retain a consid
erable interest therein, as likewise do
the other members of the original
board of directors, and G. N. Hoffman,
secretary of the company and general
manager of the E. A. Kastner Mercan
tile company. It was through tho
agency of Messrs. Kastner and King
that the Jerome Copper Mining com
pany was organized, in corporated and
brought to the favorable attention ot
eastern capitalists and ultimately to
the attention of the General Develop
ment company. And while the closing
of the deal with the last mentioned
means much financially to them and
their early associates in the enter
prise, it may be accepted as meaning
quite as much to the mining industry
of Yavapai county.
A Washington special to the World
says that the administration intends
to take drastic action against peace
propagandists and conscientious objec
tors, whose activities are felt in both
Rassia and Germany, particularly the
latter. The Root mission reported
upon the menace of New York Social
ists working in Petrograd.
An offer by the American Woolen
company to give profitable employ
ment to TOO Porto Rican women is be
ing considered by the immigration
service.
intimations of threatened crisis in
relation between Germany and Swit
zerland reached state department.
following this drain, as well as prior
therto, that intense activities are now
i looked for in the direction of increas
jed production here.
1 In an article on the gold production
i of the world which appeared in the
I December 23 issue of the New York
Curb it was pointed out that Great
j Britain now leads the world in the
, production of this precious metal, ob
' taining from it mines and those ol
its colonies more' than $265,000,000
in 1916 out of the total world's pro
duction of $408,808,761, and that
Great Britain has added thereby an
nually to her credit $1,590,000,000
from this source alone, as each dollar
of new gold furnished $6 of credit
according to the reckoning of all
economists.
It is obvious that Great Britain is
thus able to keep her credit at high
levels by digging more gold, whenev
er she needs it, from here mines and
those of her colonies. It is admitted
that the United States has the same
privilege ,nd it is firmly believed
that our country is now planning to
avail herself of this privilege, and
more than make up for recent defi
ciencies in her output.
The world's gold production in
1916, according to recently prepared
statistics, was valued at $458,808,761
as compared with $471,834,145 in
1915, when the largest gold produc
tion in history was recorded. In 1914
the world's gold output was valued at
$442,659,762. In weight the world's
total gold production in 1915 was 22,
825,015 fine ounces and in 1914, 21,
413,708 fine ounces.
The curtailment of the world's gold
production last year, as will be noted
from the above, has been chiefly
brought about by the decrease in the
United States output, and notwith
standing the swelling of supplies from
the Transvaal to the largest propor
tions ever known. The output of Can
ada, as well as Rhodesia, reached
greater magnitude last year, however,
than ever before, but the falling off in
the production of Australasia, as well
as the United States, has been more
than sufficient to offset the gains
shown in the African and Canadian
output Verde Copper News.
JEROME LOOKS FOR
BIGGEST BOOM
(Continued From Page One)
in cash for the property to Charles
Hooker, of Prescott, and Charles Ew
ing, of Jerome.
In the north end of the district in
terest is centered on the Jerome
Daisy. At a depth of 335 feet the Jer
ome Daisy shaft opened a flow of wat
er which halted sinking until electric
power and pumps can be installed. In
the meantime a drift is being run to
the northwest toward an iron blow
out. The formation is sandstone that
once carried a great deal of iron but
has been leached by acids until it is
almost white. These Indications are
regarded as favorable, for the ores in
this district are found along acid
dykes.
Unless there Is a shortage .of cars,
the United Verde Extension will break
its production records this month and
ship more than 5,000.000 pounds of cop
per to the smelters of Douglas, Globe
and Humboldt. From six to ten car
loads of ore are going out daily, and
none of it averages less than 25 per
cent copper. The last two months have
been light, owing to car shortage and
other causes. . In June and July the
production was in the neighborhood of
7,000,000 pounds of copper.
Satisfactory progress is being made
in constructing the Extension com
pany's 800-ton smelter at Verde, six
miles southeast of Jerome, but it can
not be 4n operation before next sum
mer. The railroad from Clarkdalc
down to the smelter site, built by the
Extension company, will be in opera
tion before September 1. Grading for
a railroad from the smelter to the
mouth of the 12,000-foot tunnel that
is to tap the mine on the 1,400-foot
level is In progress.
Much surface work is being done at
the mine at the smelter site and at the
U. V. Extension townsite on the Jer
ome "hogback," known as Walnut
Park. At the mine grading has Teen
completed for a huge residence for
Manager George Kingdon. When com
pleted this residence will rival the
mansion of James S. Douglas, presi
dent of the company, which is one of
the show places of northern Arizona.
Leaching Plant
For Gold Gulch
GLOBE, Aug. 18. C. H. Kartley, who
has been at the McNeil hotel for the
past several days, has returned to
Phoenix where be will 'obtain the ma
terials for the retaliation of a leach
ing plant to be used in one of the cop
per properties at Gold Gulch. Kartley
will return here in about two weeks.
The leaching plant is said to opt rate
on the theory that tpper particles
cling to a rough metal surface, when
the concentrates are made to pass
over it.
OWNER OF MOWRY
TO WORK THE MINE
IS LATEST REPORT
Concentrator to Be Construct
ed Work on New Shaft
Will Start Within 30 Days,
Is Report in Superior.
SUPERIOR; Ariz., Aug. 18. J.
Smith and a couple of companions, of
Warren, Pa., said to be the principal
own3rs of the old Mowry mine, were
in the Patagonia district last week,
and made arrangements to again work
this famous old property. It is an
nounced a concentrator win be put up
and a new shaft sunk, work to be
started within thirty days. It is pre
sumed the visit of the Pennsylvania
capitalists and the announcement of
their Intention to work the property
themselves, puts an end to the deal
which has been pending for some time
with the Standard Metals company, a
Los Angeles corporation, for the sale
of the property. So much has been
said and printed about the Mowry dur
ing the last several years, generally
to the effect that it was ot be started
up again every few weeks, that any
news concerning it is now taken "with
a grain of salt" by mining men of this
community. It has laid idle since
1907. In case the old producer Is re
worked, as it necessarily must be, on a
big scale, it will be a great boom to
the town of Patagonia, as that place
will be the shipping and supply point
for the Mowry, as it now is for the
Harshaw and Duquesne mines. j
The interesting history of the old
Mowr? is well known to all in this
community, and to nearly every one
in this part of the southwest, for that
matter, but for the benefit of outsiders,
the following paragraph from the U. S.
Geological Survey, Bulletin No. 582, by
Frank C. Schrader, is repVinted:
"The mine was located in the early
'50's and worked in the U3ual primitive
way by the Mexicans, but it had been
known to the Jesuits long before. It
was relocated in 1858 and was pur
chased in 1859 by Lieutenant Sylves
ter Mowry, of the United States army,
who was then stationed at Fort Crit
tenden (Just a few miles above the
present town of Patagonia), who is
said to have expended about $200,000
in the purchase of the mine and its
equipment with reduction plant and
other Improvements. Lieutenant Mow
ry operated the mine successfully for
about four years, employing 120 men,
and shipped $1,500,000 worth of ore,
mostly to San Francisco and to Lon
don and Europe by way of Guaymas,
Mexico, twenty-five tons, of tJie ore be
ing sent to Europe as sample speci
mens in 1862. Some bars of the lead
and cilver bullion from the. reduction
works sold in England for $200 a hun
dredweight Much of the ore was re
fined in the reduction plant, which
consisted of twelve adobe smelters,
and yielded $4,500 a week on the
ground. The ore was transported to
Guaymas, nearly 300 miles distant, by
wagon. A portion of the silver refined
at the mine in an English cupel fur
nace was molded into bars worth from
$2 to $300 each, and used as a circu
lating medium instead of money in
payment of current expenses."
Stage Patriots
Many poems are being written about
the patriotism displayed by thousands
of men in every line of business, but
until recently the vast army of "supe3"
embryo Moroscos and Mansfields,
whose daily toil consists of carrying a
spear or being part of a mob in every
manner of stage production, escaped
notice.
Randolph Hartley, advance agent
for Mrs. Mary Maddern Fiske, did this:
We've been the Roman army and
we've been the Paris mob.
We've marched with Dave Belasco's
bjys in blue.
We've fought in Shenandoah and we've
often had the job
Of assisting in "The Taming of the
Shrew."
We're battle battered veterans of ev
ery blessed age.
We can stand before a stage direct
or's "damn."
But we've made our last appearance
and we're going to engage
For a season on the road with Uncle
Sam.
And it isnt for the gfory, and it Isn't
for the pay
For some of us expects to be a star.
But it's just the human longing for the j
madness of the fray.
It '8 the wanting to be really what
we are.
So we've quit the Roman army and
we've laid the props aside.
And the stage door shuts behind us
with a slam.
And we ain't afraid of dying, IVr we've
very often died.
And we'll gladly die again for Uncle
Sam.
According to the Lokalanzeiger, a
tablet commemorating the execution 'Jf
the traitor Sir Roger Casement wai
unveiled on the short of Lake Annier.
near Rederau. in Bavaria, on August 3.
A Washington dispatch sliys it is
understood that Secretary MrAdoo, in
telling leaders in congress Friday that I
he considered new bond legislation'
necessary, suggested a $6,000,000,000
bill. 1
MERE BOl ENTERS '"
IVAVAL' ACADE-UXj
fValter Pitman Ramsey, Jr.
Walter Pitman Ramsey, Jr, of
Washington, youngest - of the 500
members of the new fourth class at
the Annapolis naval academy, passed
ft most difficult entrance examination
fat the ajre of sixteen. A brother will
be graduated in a few weeks His
father has been piven a contract to
turn out $3,000,000 worth of mine
sweepers for the government.
DRIVE FOR BIG VEIN
ON POLARIS PROPERTY
DULUTH, Aug. 1S-W. A. Eaton,
president of Polaris Mining company,!
has returned . fronv Mohave county,!
Arizona, where he Aaajbeen to inspect i
the gold property Which his company
is developing in the JTirginia (Weav
er) district. He is enthusiastic over
the prospects of a great mining suc-i
cess. j
Mr. Eaton has made a re-survey of;
the Polaris property and before leav
ing for Duluth directed that the course
of the tunnel be diverted to crosscut a
big parallel vein, 200 feet distant from
the vein which the tunnel has been
running upon. The decision was the
result of making the re-survey. Mr.
Eaton is convinced that the larger vein I
not only will carry a greater tonnagej
of commercial ore but of higher val !
ues. The tunnel has been progressing
for weeks in nrp mnir1nr f mm Ci4tl!
to $9 gold per ton, and averaging fully
$6, and while this is a very accept
able showing it is not up to the aver
age of ore disclosures on the prop
erty,, which Is between $13 and $15 per
ton at the present time.
The gold bearing rock of the Po
laris property ranges, according to as
says thus far made, from around $4
to $135 per ton. President Eaton is
convinced that the average mill run
of ore, after the property is further
developed, will average not less than
$20 per ton. This estimate he con
siders very conservative.
Considering the amount of develop
ment done to date, the ore disclosure
has been large. The most of the orej
heretofore exposed is to a depth of 60
feet. There is 30 feet of ore running)
in value from $13 to $15 per ton. It1
is to develop this ore at depth, ami)
at the same time afford an easy and I
economical avenue for the delivery o:'
the ore from the mine, that the tun-j
nel is being driven. j
The resurvey of the property has dis
closed that the development of tho
upper workings is on the big veinj
which it is now proposed to cut at
depth. The vein which the tunnel ha;,
been following will be a producer, and i
will be developed further at some timo
in the future. In the meantime it i
desired to open at depth the ore body
which has been developed down to 6
fee, with its good showing. According
to the resurvey the tunnel will cut tho
big vein at a depth of 230 feet from
the surface, which is 70 feel deeper
than waB estimated by the original;
survey. Mr. Eaton estimates that ltj
will take about 60 days to reach tii.
big parallel vein.
Big things are expected of the Po
laris property, and with good reasop,
with 30 feet of ore running $13 to $1
per ton at very moderate depth. One
of the characteristics of the district is
that the gold values improve witli
depth, which is not always the case In
gold mining.
Mr. Eaton reports that his forre tt
men at the mine afe giving loyal serv
ice, and he has furher encouraged
them to endeavor by offering a bonu;
of $1 per man for each foot gained iu
addition to the average monthly foot
age of past performance. Skilling a
Mining Review.
A New York Times Washington spe
cial says that the government has n' t
decided against sending a small con
tingent of American troops to Russi t
for moral effect. Officials are said to
believe that such an expedition would
be highly advantageous to- Russia and
America, and also benefit the allies.
That the next Liberty Loan will In-ar
interest at 4 per cent, will be ta: -exempt,
and will not be offered until
November, by which time crops will
have been moved, is the current iir
pression in Wall Street.
Washington dispatch asys govern
ment has 'obtained all the lead need t
during August at an average of eight
cents a pound.
I On Jkt
JEROME VERDE WORK
ARODSES INTEREST
Crosscuts of Mine Are Be
lieved to Be Approaching
Huge Ore Body That Has
Made Two Big Producers, j
JEROME, Aug. 18. With the west
crosscut from the Columbia shatt
through the fault, and the northwest 1
crosscut only 16 feet from the point1
when the rich ore penetrated by the;
diamond drill" may be found, the Je
rome Verde is today being watched
more closely than any other property!
in the district. j
The best opinion is that another;
week must elapse before any really
big news comes from the Jerome
Verde but, when the news does come,
it may be big indeed. It is possible j
that ore may be found in both the'
crosscuts mentioned by the middle of
next week. '
The northwest crosscut is not fol-j
lowing the diamond drill hole. It Is,
a little above the hole and to the!
south. When the face is 16 feet ahead
of where it is today, a small station
will be cut and a winze sunk. It isj
estimated that the winze will have tc
go down 16 feet before it is on a level;
with the ore where cut by the drill, j
Then a drift will have to be run ap-
proximately 20 feet to the northward!
to reach the drill hole Itself. i
It is possible, of course, that when!
the crosscut reaches, the ledge in!
which the ore was located the exten
sion of the body may be opened. In
fact, .this is probable if the body is
really a large one.
The west crosscut from the 1,045-foot
level ot the Columbia shaft has passed
out of the mixed Jasper, schist and
quarts and through, the fault. There
the formation Is a bleached porphyry
very much like the white intrusive
which surrounds the United Verde Ex
tension ore.
MASCOT SHIPMENTS
GREATLY INCREASED
BY NEW OPERATORS
Since the American Smelting & Re
fining company took over the Mascot
copper property at Mascot, July 1, it
has been noted that Increased ship
ments of ore are going to the smel
ters. Judging by the number of ore
cars that are being taken daily to the
camp, we would estimate they amount
to about fifty carloads. This would
equal about 2,500 tons of ore shipped
for the month and will be the greatest
quantity ever shipped in any given
month from that camp. Reports reach
ing Willcox are to the effect that
preparations are being made for an
increased force of miners and that the
property never looked better from the
standpoint of ore exposed and being
developed than at the present time.
Willcox News.
GOLD-COPPER GROUP
PRESCOTT, Aug. 18. Returning on
Friday front Pasadena, Cal., B. M.
Gore, who made an inspection of a
gold-copper property in Blue Tanks
district during June, stated a deal ha1
been closed, conditioned on title be
ing clear, and for this purpose he
comes to Prescott to investigate the
records, accompanied by the seller.
Thomas B. Stillwell. The latter had
been in a hospital at Anaheim, Cal..
for the past month.
Mr. Gore plans to begin operation:
durlng the early part of September,
his son coming from Searchlight,
Nev., to take charge. Mr. Gore also
is interested in a property in the Har
c uvar range, and during the time when
the famous Mollie Gibson, of Aspen.
Colo., was rated as a silver bonanza,
he was assistant manager for several
months, as well as a large shareholder.
He believes silver has come back to
stay, and never again will be sub
jected to a political knockout.
NEW TOM REED MILL
MAKES GOOD SHOWING
KINGMAN, Aug. 18. According to
a statement made recently by Super
intendent K. M. Kalil), of the Toi'i
Reed, the new mill at that property is
treating considerably more than 200
tons daily, the average for July bein
247, dt spite the loss of more than a
day'B time due to power trouble j
which were unavoidable. This is Jk
best tonnage showing ever made by
the company, and It is believed that
when the reports of the amount of bul
lion are ready to be made public, the
present month's production will be t'ie
best ever recorded in the company's
history. New methods of extraction,
recently installed in the big mill, are
working up nicely and a larger per
centage of the values are being re
covered, and this fact, together wit a
the increased tonnage, is the cause of
the piesent prosierity which prevail
iu Uie affairs of Mohave county
greatest gold producer.
Your
Own
Home
Must meet with your
desires in convenience
and in material.
We can both plan your
house and furnish you
material that will suit
you-
It will be to your advan
tage to have your CON
TRACTOR see us be
fore you build.
INSIST THAT HE DO SO
Gibson-Hines
Lumber Co.
J. W. F. SMITH, Mgr.
Phone 88
0. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Arnbulanc
EYE NERVE GLASSES
Study and much re
search work since
1892, is the cause of
my successful practice
in Bisbee. Dr. R.
Olaze, Neutrologlst,
Room 1, Maze Bldg., Phone, Office
156, Residence, Black 420.
We are paying good prices
for hides.
ARIZONA JUNK CO.
Lowell, Arizona.
WATKINS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians -
i irH.
J The HALLMARK Store
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
Communicate immediately with tele
phone 153, in case of threats or intimidation.
CITIZENS PROTECTIVE LEAGUE.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everythina at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL 'MARKS, Mgr.
LOWELL
J. B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
Thurston Rooming House
Newly Renovated. New Furnish
ing Throughout. Best Beds
in Town. Your Patronage
Solicited
Mrs. Alice Novis
BISBEE-OOUGLAS STA6E
WINTON SlX
Cars leave Depot Square, Bisbee
ind Gadsden Hotel, Douglas, hourly
from 8 A. M. to t P. M.
Phone Bisbee 82 Phone Douglas 342
To All Deputies
I want to impress upon each dep
uty sheriff the absolute necessity
for extreme self-control, cool, calm
Judgment and patience. Avoid all
display of weapons. Remember,
you are deputized for protection of
self and property and the mainten
ance of peace. Yon arc subject to
my call, call which will be made
when necessary.
Let no act of yours tend to de
feat the object for which you were
deputized, namely the preservation
of peace. I hold each man respon
sible for any illegal act or excess of
His authority and this applies to ev
;ry man in this district.
HARRY C. WHEELER,
Sheriff.
VMVrVvMnnni
But we don't carry It very
long at a time because It seems
to us that nearly everybody
wants our brand of Cement and
Lime.
It Makes Us Hustle
to keep a sufficient supply on
hand to meet the great demand
there is for these necessary ma
terials and it Is not just because
people like us either. There
must be another reason.
Company. nc
CAR STOP.
PHONE 125.
:fsuA bladder:
;( -sni I Mind Si ;l
! Vivl II D T24. Hours; '
Jhwm eunliii
Y THE EISEEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 19, 1917.
THREE
Soci
THE BRAVE AT HOME
tyN2wl
leave soon for Minneapolis, where she
. intends to make her future home. Mrs.
The maid who binds her warrior's sash j Cbbe was a resident of Bisbee a num
With smile that well her pain dis- j of years ago and built the first
sembles. house in Tombstone canyon above the
The while beneath her drooping !ash ' Present car line stop. She owns one
One starry tear drop hangs and ot tne finest ranches on the San Pedro
trembles, , rlver-
Though Heaven alone records the tear, '
And fame shall never know her. Mrs. John Vonk left last Wednesday
story, ; on tne Golden State Limited for Los
Her heart has shed a drbn at de.ir l Angeles, cat
As e'er bedewed the field of glory!
The wife who girds her husbaud's
'. sword.
Mid little ones who weep or wonder.
And bravely speaks the cheering word.
What though her heart be rent
asunder,
Doomed nightly in her dreams to hear
The bolts of death around him rattle.
Hath shed as sacred bldbd as e'er
Was poured upon the field of battle!
The mother who conceals her grief
While to her breast her son she
; presses.
Then breathes a few brave words and
brief.
Kissing the patriot brave she blesses.
With no one but her secret God
Mrs. R. A. Davidson has returned
returned from a twto months' visit to
the coast.
Mrs. Eva Wallace and children of
Warren are visiting her parents, Mr.
and Hrs. F. W. Wolcott.
Mrs. Annie Roberts left last week on
the Golden State Limited for Kansas
City, Mo.
Mrs. Harry Hummer of this city has
Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Slaughter, Jr.,
have left for San Antonio, Texas,
where Mr. Slaughter will enter the
officers' reserve in the aviation corps.
He, has been in charge of the Slaugh
ter ranch in Sonora, Mxico.
'
Mrs. Kopk arrived last Wednesday
from Pratt, Kan., to Jin her husband,
who is military instructor in the local
school.
Mrs. Bertha Beuer Strinker is vis
iting here for a few days and is the
guest of her sister, Mrs. George Myers.
Mrs. Strinker composed the song and
wrote the music for "I Love You. Ari
zona," and is now a resident of Phoe
nix. She spent most of her girluood
days in the Warren district.
Mr. and Mrs. L. R. Blohm of Beards
town, 111., arrived here last week to
make their future home in Warren.
Mr. Blohm having received the ap
pointment as principal of the Warren
TEA GOWN BRINGS
SUM3IER COMFORT
gone to Portland, Ore., where she
will spend a number of weeks visiting Junior high school.
her father and brother. i
Mrs. C. Johnson and baby daughter
arrived in this city during the week
fiom their former home in Douglas to
Mrs. II. R. Bohmfault of Warren has
I returned from a several days' visit in
Douglas, where she was the guest of Join Mr. Johnson, a member of the
To know the pain that weighs udoti Mrs. Frank Armstrong. Mrs. BOhm-. Review force. They will make their
' her, j fault is the wife of the deputy sheriff home in Bisbee. Mrs. Johnson spent
Sheds Irbly blood as e'er the sod ln " arren. I the last five weeks visiting with
Received on freedom's field of i ; 'ends and relatives in Los Angeles
, honor! Mr. and Mrs. Charles Lillywhite and ' and Eseondido, Cal.
Thomas Buchanan Read. daughter and Mr. and Mrs. B. Brown
!of Mexico City, Mexico, are visiting! Mrs. H. B. Daley, daughter of Mr.
Master U. S. Grant, Jr.. entertained j with friends at Miramonte. 'and Mrs. James .McHugh of Torab-
lo little guests last Thursday after-
noon at the home of his parents, Mr.
and Mrs. U. S. Grant, in honor of his Cal., arrived in Bisbee last week and j Coles. Mrs. Daley has been in Tomb
sixth birthday. Games were played is the guest of Mr. and Mrs. B. Glaze stone on "a visit to her parents and
and refreshments were served. All in Tombstone canyon. Mrs. Franklin' after a short visit here leaves for her
' stone, is in the city for a 'few days
Mrs. Jonas Franklin of San Diego, on a visit tv her sister, Mrs. F. E.
the guests had a delightful time. . j is a sister to Dr. Glaze. She will re-j home in Utica, Cal.
main here for about a m'onth.
The students and alumni of the high j Mrs. Mary Walker has returned from
school gave a reception last week tv Mrs. Leon H. Rice and daughter California, where she has been for a
Mr. and Mrs. S. S. Safford, Mr. and 'Margaret returned last week from ! number of months, and has again tak-
Mrs. Gilbert Maston, Mr. and Mrs E.
J. Laurenson and Mr. and Mrs. C. W.
D. Chance. Mr. and Mrs. Safford were
both teachers. Mrs. Safford was Miss
Irene Buckett and Mrs. Maston was
Miss Margaret Watson. Messrs. Lau
renson and Chance both taught in the
local schools last year. This comprises
all high school teachers who entered
the state of wedded bliss since school i
closed.
Mr. and Mrs. G. H. Dowell have left
Douglas for Warren, where they ex
pect to make their future home. Mrs.
Dowell is an enthusiastic Red Cross
worker and is also prominent in
church circles. Their many friends in
Douglas deeply regret their departure.
Mrs. Frank Johnson returned last ! Agnes W
week fiVmi the Huachuca mountains,
where she had an enjoyable visit.
Mrs. Frank Salmon and children
have returned from Texas, where they
have been on a ten weeks' visit.
Miss Emma Bishop and Miss Mamie
Sanders of Tombstone were in the
city last week on & visit to friends.
Mr. and Mrs. William Lutley have
returned to their home in Tombstone,
having come here to attend the wed
ding of Miss Gladys Woods to Earl
Standridge last week.
Mrs. Vance Johnson and daughter
have returned from an extended viist
t Santa Barbara, where they were!
the guests of Mrs. Johnson's mother,
Missouri, where they have been visit
ing for the past three months. The
majority of their time was spent in
Poplin and Webb City, where they vis
ited with relatives.
Mrs. R. A. Davidson has returned
en up her residence in Bisbee.
Miss Martha Gillis has left for Flag
staff, where she will resume her
studies in the state normal school.
Miss Kathleen Hail of Crockett,
from California, where she has been j Texas, arrived ln Bisbee last week and
for a number of weeks on a visit to j is the guest of City Attorney Sam Kyle
and Mrs. Kyle and expects to be here
for some time. Miss Hail has recent
ly returned from Chicago, where she
took an extensive course in folk danc
ing. She may start a class here.
Mrs. Myrtle Street is In the city for
a few days and is registered at the
Copper ueen hotel. Mrs. Street is the
wife of the manager of the Bouquil-
relatives. She Is the wife tf Alderman
Davidson.
Miss Alberta Berry has returned to
Flagstaff to resume the course of
studies that she is taking there in the
state normal school. She has been
spending the summer with her par
" '
Ptt ffP if J
1 II I'm
if W
SOCIETY
Mrs. Ed. Rotsford entertained at her
i r 1 . . u;ll TV, .1 -o ,1 1 offor.
noon. Miss Grace Perkins, of Houston. A
Texas, beiiis the guest of honor. Those i
present were Mesdumes S. H. Kyle, L.j
L. Gilnian, T. Davenporte. H. M. Sterl-
ing. F. G. Teckner. F. L. illiams. C. !
D. Cain. A. E. Rountree, and Miss
Grace Perkins. Five Hundred was
played, high score being won by Mrs.
Sterling. After cards a dainty lunch
eon was served.
Mr. Fred J. Fenderson and Minnie
E. Ho; torn were married last Tuesday
evening at Judge Winters' office in
Lowell. Both are well known In the
Warren District and have many friends
who will join in wishing them much
happiness.
Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Sowle and daugh
ter returned last week from the coast.
Mrs. Joe Pharoah, with her two chil
dren, Edna and Josephine, of Bisbee.
are passing the season at Venice, Cali
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
HEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
0? WARREN SHINING DISTRICT
Thomas Nelson, assistant secretary er social activities in connection with
of th? Douglas association. Is very acx- the Y, left for El Paso, where he ir
ious to have the party return the per-: tends to Join the V. S. Navy, provided
fectly good gun Jie loaned on the day' he passes his second examinatica
of the "Wobbly Drive." Should this j there. The best wishes of the associa
party read this notice he will confer tion go with him.
a great favor by returning said gun1
to the local "Y." ! c. A. Thompson, from Hanforl,
Cal., is a new arrival in Bisbee and a
"It Was a Mulligan." new Y member. Thompson says Bi.--
C. C. Mitchell's wife is out of tnwn ' bee and the Y swimming cool look
and he got together a bunch of the 6d to him. He is employed in the
boys, who are "boosters" for the "V", dry goods department at the Phelps
Erwin. Cooke. McFarlan. Ziprik. At-, Dodge store and will make Eisbee his
kinson, Madson (and by the way. these bome.
young men were all drafted and are!
going to France), and took them un! The bowling season is opening early
to his house last Sunday for a good this year, the alleys are in first class
old sociable "At the Front" lima njli!n on. I i .1
j - ........ 1UI1U1UIIM, u4 WlirilU W JVfTT-Jf tilfUA
I Cooke and Mitchell did the cooking so. We have a good many fairly zoud
and we must give them credit for do- bowlers among the young men who
mg the Job up in grand style. Mr. have recently come to the citv. anl
This gown of gold and preen with
an iridescent bath chiffon tea coat
combined make a lea gown of regal
beauty. Its comfort on these hot
summer days is unbounded. -
developed in the daintiest shade of
Japanese crepe is collarless, and bell-
sleeved. A border of silk embroidery
lend a distinctive finishing touch.
John A. Weiss was married to Miss las Land & Cattle company.
Kirby at Mount Clair, N. J.,
on July 8. The wedding was kept a j Miss Ella Callaghan of Bisbee is en
secret until last week, when Mr. Weiss ! joying a few weeks' vacation. '
informed s'Jrue of his close friends. j
1 Mrs. L. G. Jackson has returned
Mrs. VV. F. Crawford and son, Wc'jd, from California, where she has been
are visiting with daughter and sister, enjoying the sea breezes. She spent
Mrs. J. A. Hobbs of Warren and Mrs. several weeks In Oakland on a visit to
John Hobbs of Jiggerville. The Craw- her son Ben, who is at present located
fords are residents of Estancia, N. M. in that place.
For separate waists, white and flesh
color will carry along Into the fall,
with the dark colors gaining ground
as the demand increases for waists to
match the new fall tailored suits.
There is nothing quite so pracitcal
for the young girl as the Peter Thomp
son frock which is made of white gal
atea w-lth red linen trimming and
white braiding.
It is said that a little knowledge j fancy waistcoats, draped and muffler
is a dangerous thing, but this is f re- collars, sloping shoulders, long set-in
quently disproved in the world of fash-j 8leeves with cuffs- skirt tnat
Ion. Jut now. for Instance a Utile 1 -V" eruunu uy i 10 eingm
Mrs. Mary Warner, a former resident knowledge about fall materials and
! inches many narrower at the hem
iLi. & iL J A A. I
f ,hi H v i ': .V: styles Is going to prove a great aid to I l"u " w" " reBaras malerlal
of the chairman of th hrH ,.f i tne dressmaker in advising her cub
pervisors.
Mrs. John Rodgers of this city has
gone to Douglas and while there will
be the guest of her friend, Mrs. F. D.
Hubbell. She will remain there a few
days.
Mrs. Frank Juliff of South Bisbee is
visiting in Long Beach, Cal., where
she will remain for a number of weeks,
enjoying the cool sea breezes.
Mrs. Aries Miller and baby are In
the district for a few months' xisit
with Mrs. Miller's sister, Mrs. Ava
Mahoney of Warren. Mrs. Miller is a
resident of Los Angeles.
Miss Catherine Hoy returned h'ome
last week from an extended trip to
Texas and Oklahoma. She has been
gone two and one-half months and had
a delightful time. Miss Hoy is a teach
er in the high school here and has
many friends who are glad to hear of
her return.
Mrs. Charles Thomas returned last
week from Globe, where she has been
visiting with Mr. Thomas' parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Hinb'on Thomas, for the last
month.
Miss Willett Sparks of Douglas was
in the city last week and was the
guest of Miss Francis Lippert.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Sinclair have
left for Los Angeles and other Cali
fornia resorts, where they will remain
for a few weeks before leaving for
Panama, where they will make their
future' bome. The many friends of
the couple In the district wish them
well in their new home.
Mrs. Matilda Cobbe arrived in the
city last week from her home in Here
ford.. . She is here visiting her daugb
ter, Mrs. Isabella Grant, and wlllj
pleated styles, skirt yokes and .tunics.
tomers. You know the kind of dress-j,ong Jacketa for 8uit8' wide belts and
maker of whom one says: Veil sherlental trimmings-these are some of
rhorcroa , w.n. c..ni.fin leaiures in lasnion line ior ran
but then her things always stay in
Materials may be selected for the
one-piece dress, the two-piece and the
three-piece costumes as well as for
separate skirts and waists. A new
type of the one-piece for fall ap
proaches the princess. Approaches,
we say, for it fails to arrive either 'in
style." That is her secret: always i
little bit of advance knowledge to
! guide her aright amid the dangerous
shoals of the changing fashion cur
rent A little knowledge will also be found
of practical dollar-and-cents value to
those of us who are taking advantage j baclt or front, and the line is there
of the summer sales In suits or dress- j broken by a half belt, a bolero front.
es. Some of these garments while
of excellent material value, will look
quite out of style in the fall, and again
or an over hanging tunic.
A great many of these first autumn
styles are being composed of two ma-
others will retain their decidedly terlals, a heavy and a light one, sill
modish air. The point is to know
wherein the difference lies. And here
It Is the first hints of Autumn play
their part. We get these advanced
hints from special correspondents
abroad, from careful observation of
crepe or voile being thus combined
with new woolen materials In what
seems to be a desire to conserve the
supply of wool for the suits and coats
to be worn later.
In this way however, we get sugges-
A striking costume of burgundy red
brodcloth has a novel cape that falls
gracefully over the left arm. The
design is intricate, .but full of sugges
Severely plain in its erfect is a tail
ored suit of peacock-blue duvetyn band
ed with skunk, Tailleurs built on the
general lines of this model will be
exceedingly smart for winter.
A mershon frock of jersey material
of tan color and embroidered in
oriental shades made a very pretty
afternoon frock.
An afternoon gown of velvet-dotted
chiffon with panels of velvet, in which
the skirt is draped under at the heiir,
makes a stunning creation.
A pre'ty wedding which took place
in Willcox, Arizona, at the home of
J. W. Angle was that of Frank C.
Homestead of Howie, and Miss Lena E.
Milner of Lorain, Ohio, the attractive
sister of Dana T. Milner. The marri
age took place last Sunday noon. The
brlday party left Bowie in the morn
ing, motoring to Willcox in Mr. Mil
ner's car. In the party were Miss
Milner's father, J. Milner. Jr., and Mrs.
Dana T. Milner, their daughter. Alma,
small son John Dana, Mr. Homestead
and Miss Lena Milner. The ceremony
was read by Rev. Nicholson, of Will
cox. The bride wore for her wedding
gown, blue charmouse and Georgette
crepe. The house was artistically dec
orated with white flowers and ferns.
An elaborate bridal dinner was served
after which the happy couple left for
El Paso, where they will spend their
honeymoon. They will return to
Bowie, where they will reside tempor
arily with Mr. and Mrs. Dana Milner.
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Ryan and family
have returned from Safford where they
have been for the last few days.
Mr. and Mrs. Jack H. Vufurth, form
erly of this city but now of Patagonia,
are in the city on a short visit.
Officers Entertain.
Officers of the First Arizona Infan
try were hosts at the Country Club,
Friday night to members of the club
and friends of the regiment at what
proved to be one of the most brilliant
social functions this year. The club
was decorated with American flags
and other patriotic emblems. Three
score men and women from Bisbee,
Warren, Lowell and Douglas attended
the ball and danced until the wee' sma'
hours of the morning. There was a
military touch to the affair that made
the patriots who attended feel just a
little more patriotic. Early In the ev
ening dinner was served to sixty-eight
at the club. The dance will probably
be the last big function of the year
which the officers of the regiment will
have the opportunity of attending, as
the First Arizona may receive orders
to entrain at any time for Camp
Kearny, Iinda Vista. California, to be
gin intensive training for service in
France. The officers of the regiment.
and their families, have played a prom
inent part in the social affairs of the
Warren District and their departure
will be deeply regretted by their hun- j
dreds of friends.
Mitchell, of course, understood just with practice they will make first class
how to make a good mulligan, as he bowlers,
put in three years in the Fourth V. S.'
oTa88' Ind'anS Ver I""'1 W- D" riman. formerly of Jacoby
1.h 8T Tt" Brothers, of Los Angeles, is a new ar-
troop was stationed at Fort Lowell 1 , t- u ,
, . , ., " rival in Bisbee. also a new Y member,
just nine miles from Tucson Mitchell t , . , j , ... " " '
o 1.- .v! . . ' Periman is employed in the dry goods
says he fixed this country in shape j ,v. ,,, t. .
thot k . department of the Phelps Dodge stor.
iimi menu juuii;ri UJtril IUU1U COIlie
Iiere and live in peace. There were
no "Wobblies" here then there was
no room for them.
It was agreed by all that it was the
best meal of its kind they had ever,
eaten. McFarlan has not been able
to work a shift since. The bunch were
He. like many others, says the big Y
lobby and Bisbee in general looks good
to him, and he expecs to make Cisbt?
his home.
Tony Eselun, better known in the
athletic world as "Tony Ajax." the
entertained by Mr. Mitchell's stories ramous Pacific coast wrestler. Is a
of army life the hard part of It. and new ar"val in the camp. Tony worked
the pleasant part. He says army life out tne other night witn some of ,he
is just like civilian life just what a' local Doys and ne iB evidently in as
man makes it. If he obeys orders and good tr1m as ne eTer was- TonT
tries to live up to them, "everything is Probably be one of the star attractions
lovely; but if he continually disobeys at the next Sta Social, which will bo
orders, he can make it very disagree- a hig event at the Y in the near fut"re.
able for himself and others. Mitchell!
did not say how his conduct was ! Mrs. A. B. Richardson and son. A.
anywsy, he did not come out a captain. B. Jr., returned to the district a few
There were resolutions passed to the days ago. alter a prolonged visit to
effect that the same old bunch should the coast and the former home of the
meet at the same place and have the general secretary at Pocatello,. Idaho,
same dish after the boys return from Needless to chronicle the fact that
whipping Germany. j Secretary Richardson is wearing the
I smile that never fades.
A scene worth while was that Fri-j
day, when several hundred men, pros-i The Y sustains another loss In
pective soldier boys, assembled at the the departure of Office Assistant Sc
Y to be examined for army service. It" retary Gustav Ziprik, for his home at
took not only the big lobby where! Middletown, Conn., where he has re
County Recorder Krebbs was located.! sponded to Uncle Sam's call to army
but one of the educational rooms on service. "Zip," as he was familiarly
the second floor, where the boys wait-i known by his hundreds of friends in
ed "in state," anxious to take their, the Warren district, has been In the
turn with the doctors and examining! employ of the association since last
board in the big banquet room nextl November, and was well liked and re
door. The most remarkable thing spected by the entire membership, and
about the whole scene was the sad-j will be greatly missed because of his
ness expressed on the faces of many sunshiny disposition and spirit of help
who were turned down for physical fulness.
defects every fellow appealed ready .
and willing to go "somewhere in' The puWc is cordially invited to at
France" in behalf of thp old U. S. A. tend the Sun(jay nisht movie at 8
j o'clock. The following films will be
To any fellow having misgivingsj thrown on the screen: Judith of Holo
about the war. especially those who. phernes. Beautiful May Valley, and
are drafted, we would suggest read
ing the article In the current month's
Atlantic Monthly, entitled, "The Diary
of a Coward." The article is wrongly
christened, but it may portray your
feelings. It will be found on the read
ing rocm tables.
For the cool evenings the August
sweater is just the thing. So they
have woven themselves into the light
est, finest, most lacy of Angora stitches
and have almost succeeded in getting
into the transparent ranks themselves,
so soft and sheer, ln colors trimmed in
white.
1 sermons: The Cross Proving the
Wisdom and Power of God." and "Con
strained by the Love of Christ'
( Choir practice Thursday evening.
John E. Fry, pastor.
Some shop windows are entirely
given over to a display of a new green
shade which is very refreshing and
soft, and is a distinct contrast to tie
vivid rose and red shades which pre
vailed In the earlier part of the sea
son. '
these points retained, rejected and llon9 01 lne new woolen weaves. There
originated In the costumes now belnre several new weaves for Instance,
designed by the Paris makers for fall wo1 Jersey has been combined with
wearing, by Paris sketches, and by' velour finish, making it extremely
interviews with our American fabric
manufacturers and fashion designers.
The trend of Fashion that Is the
term by which we designate It. In
this trend two points are considered
more important than any others, sil
houette and material, and the first Is
of even greater importance than the
second, if possible.
Now the silhouette for autumn and
winter, 1917, is being spelt with seven
letters by the fashion creators of Par
is, 8-I-e-n-d-e-r.
Therefore we should be safe ln buy
ing or making garments with straight
lines, loose waists, long sleeves, nar
row skirts, high collars and drapery
tending to long lines, for the slender
ness is given through a simplicity of
outline rather than by any suggestion
of tightness. On the contrary most
styles are loose and easy in cut.
Tailored suits, sport suits combina
tion of materials, pockets, vests and
I soft and handsome,
Another novelty shows the jersey
weave, through which runs a poplin
cord, and this is called jersapoplin.
Still more novel is a new sport coating
for early autumn wear, where a soft
lamb's wool surface like aristocratic
iderdown has a backing of jersey
weave. This comes in beautiful sport
colorings. For sport frocks and skirts
Is an artifiicial silk jersey material
which has a brilliant wide-wale pat
tern stripe In colors running through
the weave.
A plain fabric which Is being much
used In combination with other soft
materials is India Cashmere coming In
a beautiful line of fall colors.
To the dainty woman the neglige Is
an absolute necessity, almost Invari
ably the neglige is the material ex
hibition of one's personality. It is
The Churches
and
Church of Jesus Christ
Sunday school at 10 o'clock
preaching at eleven.
Evening sermon at 8 o'clock.
Thought kernel for the evening dis
course: Religion should rank as the
noblest exercise of the human mind:
Because the consciousness of God is
our highest conclounsness, being that
in which all truth, all law, and all
beauty center and form a harmony.
Mark, in "The Teacher and the Child."
The chapel is located on Short
street. Tombstone Canyon. J. E. Yates,
pastor.
Portugal. Something different from
the usual movie, but both educational
and interesting.
Following are the new memberships
and renewals for the past week:
Frank Blakely. Jos. V. Barnett. J. J.
, , .. .... . J Barnett, A. A. Barnett, Jr.; Earnets
Do you play billiards? If not. and, ' T nAA. t - rw,
desire to learn , there is no place in, g c
the district better appointed than thei HalTersM1 c w. Hammond.
corner of the lobby, where the one . ' ,
. .... , . . , . . . . , A. H. Haley, Wm. H. Juergens. Miltoa
billiard and two pocket billiard tables . ... ,, ,
. , . " . I Morrlsv AY. R. Marston, Everett Mer-
may be found. These are two games, , .... , ' .. . ...
: . , . , I, j ritt. Jos. Mkodem, Tom Pollock. W.
that can be played in all kinds of; , . o m . . r
. . , . . , 1 in 1 1 D. Periman, Sullivan Turner. A. E.
weather, and in which not only skill is: Frank Ward Henry Watkins.
reuired, but exercise as well is ob-l Tp,?nL . ,,- , , . A
, , . ,,.. J. H. Dermody. W. M. Hadselt C. C.
tained. The braskal lights, too. ovtr . ... ,. ... . n mi,v
oil t h toKlad matroa Ha vHirht almnof
ashamed of itself.
B. S. Washburn.
First Baptist Church
Sunday school at 9:45, J. H. Brana
nian, superintendent.
Preaching at 11. Subject'. Power of
Despised Doctrine. "
Junior and Senior H. Y. P. U. at
6:45. Subject, Definite Purpose and
the Success it Wins.
This is a union meeting. Young
people from all the different churches
will attend the Baptist church. Mr.
Kan is leader. I
Preaching at 7:45. Subject: Give Us
This Day Our Daily Bread.
Wednesday evening, prayer meeting.
Thursday evening, choir practice.
All are cordially invited to attend
the services. F. M. Pitman.
Presbyterian Church.
Sunday School at 9:45 a. m.
Union young people's meeting In
the Baptist church at 6.30 p. m.
Public Worship at 11 a. m., and at
7:45 p. 111. Notice that the evening
services will be resumed. Themes of
Christian Science Society.
Christian Science Society of Bisbee
holds services in the Woman's Club
building on Quality Hill. Sunday at
11:15. Wednesday at 745 p .m., Sun
day school at 10:10 a. m. The public
is welcome and invited to attend. Sub
ject for Sunday August 19th. SOUL.
St John's Episcopal.
Sunday school at 9:45 a. m.
Morning Service at 11 a. in.
H. S. Brewster, Rector.
The Assembly of God.
Sunday school at 10:30 a. m.
Sunday preaching at 2 and 7:30 p. m.
Tuesday Bible study at 7:30 p. m.
Friday prayer meeting at 7:30.
Everybody cordially Invited to at
tend these services. John Eitlng, Pastor.
There's more relieion in a smile to uoyr uepanmenx
the living than a eulogy to the dead. The tournaments are in full swin?
Moral: Buy those roses for the bridei now. All entrants are requested to
to be now, and don't wait the puncture Py their preliminaries before Sat
of a German bomb. nrday night, to avoid the confusioa
after school starts. Remember, there
Champanale. a recent production of, Is f'ne Blue Ribbon for the winner
the already made famous "Hire's." Is of eacn tournament.
the latest drink at the Association
Inn.
There's nothing more inspiring than
success, unless it's the sight of a man
who can laugh at failure.
First Christian Church.
Preaching and communion services
at 11 o'clock a. m.
Bible School 10 o'clock a. m.. L. T.
Falzer supt.
Preaching services 7:45 p. m.
Come and worship with us.
W. S. Deatherage, minister.
Our gymnasium classes at 4 o'clock
each evening are receiving new re
cruits. Last Wednesday. 26 "kids"
full of pep, were out and by Saturday
of next week we expect to have 50 out.
Baseball games and marching seem to
be the main attractions.
Bv the way. have vou read the first! Several of our younger memners are
complete account of the wonderful missing since the recent outburst of
work of the assoc iation in Europe.' Jupiter Pluvius. It is hoped that they
since the beginning of the war. with; will be picked u? and returned,
particular reference to the prison ! The only new members enrolled this
camps? If not, just drop tip to the! week are: Lyle Herrick and Gilbert
corner of the lobby reading section Lorenx.
and read It in the Ladles' Home Jour- Some of the older members are re
nal. The article was censored by Dr. quested to ask one of the secretaries
Jno. R. Mott. the general secretary or all about the big banquet coming o'f
the international committee, and is! soon. The purpose is to organize a
authoritative and authentic. j club among the high school boys.
1 The boys' department is producing
When a man says that misfortune some real patriotic boys, according la
drove him to drink, the chances are the work some of them are doing. Eight
that drink first drove him to mlsfor-. of the boys have Joined the navy, one
tuhe. ' 1 out on the "ranch" raising a hun-
, 1 dred-acre crop with the help of his
Surprises are great, and many, b-itj "dad." Some of the others still in
the greatest of all Is that John Nel-j Bisbee are raising gardens,
son has gone to work in the Southwest 1 Where under the canopy can a boy
mine. Our best wishes go with you,! secure more returns for the money in
John. j vested In a membership than the boys'
- j department right here In the Warren
He has been in our city about onei district. The membership fee is only
year; he was formerly with the Mtj J3 per year for boys from 10 to 14
States Tel. company, but for the past: ani $5 for those 16 to IS. Most of the
few months has ben with the Copper! Y's charge not only for the member
Queen Mining company Ellsworth! ship but for towels as well. The in
Cooke, for the past year a big "Y"j vestment, from a financial standpoint
booster, a leader in the famous Y"i alone, nets about 110 per cent. Think
Minstrels, and prominent in many oth- it over. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 19, 1917.
Tim I TT3
FOUR
ONDERS OF MID-PACIFIC ISLANDS
ARE DESCRIBED BY BISBEE YOUTH
The following is a letter from Clay
McCleary, a Bisbee boy now in tiie
navy, t his parents, Mr. and Mrs. W.
C. McCleary. Young McCleary, it will
be seen, has already become a strong
booster for the mid-Pacific islands and
his letter will undoubtedly prove in
teresting to many of his friends in the
Warren district:
Pear Mother, -Sis" and Dad:
Well, am now on my third day out
from Honolulu. We had a three-day
stay at H'onolulu. Went ashore two of
those days; bad a fine time there.
Spent both days in visiting the city,
went out to see the volcano, was in
swimming at waikikL On our last
day at sea before we reached Hono
lulu it was posted that they wouitf
drop anchor at Honolulu at 1 o'clock
in the morning, so we all slept up on
the deck so as to see the sights. 1
went to sleep and slept sound until 1
was awakened by the noise of the men
on deck. I rooked out on the water and
saw that the boat was 6till; the first
time it had been still for eight days.
Then I looked over to the other side
of the boat and I noticed in the dim
morning light the outline of mountains
and Vn 'each point right and left I
could see the lighted city of Honolulu.
Then as It became more lighted the
lights of the city went out and we
could see the green trees and grass
all over the mountains. We were about
a mile out in the bay. The ship was
quarantined so we had to wait the
Head volcano and then the rest of the
afternoon I spent in roaming around
the streets of the residence district.
The homes are beautiful. You can see
a beautiful home with a coral fence
in front covered with vines and in
the yard a sloping lawn with beau
tiful gardens and palm trees. The
yards are like Paradise and each home
is so different you can hardly tell
which you like best, for each Is beau
tiful. In the evening I went down
into the Japanese district and saw the
customs and ways of the Japanese wo
men and children. Met a pretty little
Jap girl. She could talk good English
and wanted me to take her to the
states with me. Stayed around there
for part of the night Saw several
roughhouse fights and after having all
the ice cream and good things I want
ed I returned to the boat and went
to bed. The next day a bunch of us
bought pineapples and I climbed a
cocoanut tree and got some cocoanuts
and we had a feed in the shade of a
palm. Then m the evening I went
down to a few of the shows and anoth
er restaurant. I met a bunch of Ha
waiians with ukuleles and they let me
play so I can say I played the "uke"
right in its original home. The little
Jap girl thought it funny to hear an
American sailor playng the "uke."
I went in and had a dish of that Ha
waiian poi. It doesn't agree with me.
They made this pol out of a plant call
ed the taro plant. The stalks look to
Quarantine doctor before g'Jing into me like celery.
port He finally came in a motor boat! Say, I guess you and dad have read
and told the captain to pull down the of the Hawaiians believing in human
yellow flag and give us all liberty to j sacrifice. Well, when they make this
see the town. Everyone was glad and sacrifice, which is part of their relig
ion they throw themselves into the hot
lava tf the volcano pit While I was
there in Honolulu 26 Hawaiians, led
by a 14-year-old girl, went to the vol
cano and Jumped into the hot lava and
were burned to death.
Yesterday was Sunday and today is
Monday for we passed the 180 meri
dian and it leaves out a day. Seems
queer, but, dad understands why they
do it We were close to 800 miles out
V Honolulu today at noon. Have
about 11 more day yet before we see
gave cheers. Then the boat steamed
.slowly in and as it did we could see in
the water all kinds Vf fish. Several
sharks came near. Then when we
entered the docks there came dozens
of little Hawaiian boys swimming
around the boat and we were throwing
nickles and dimes to them. They
would dive for them.
Then when we tied in at the dock
there, were fruit peddlers all around
the boat selling pineapples, bananas
pies and cakes at the lowest prices.
Then we all put on our uniforms and I any more land. That will be Guam,
were given passes For shore. The first
place I went was down King street.
It was about 9:30 a. m. I walked all
over town until I got up a good appe
tite and then I went down to a res
taurant called The City and bad a
where I will mail this letter.
Just now had a little excitement on
the ship. Two colored soldiers 'had
a fight and one tried to throw the oth
er overboard. He was locked up Jn
the brig ftr it. Lots of the boys
good feed of pork chops and hot cakes. , bought ukuleles in Hawaii and I have
Then I thought I would see s'jme of been showing them every evening how
the town so I took a car and went out j to play. Have never been seasick yet
to the beach of Waikiki. Then I went,
in swimming and saw the Hawaiian
surf board riders and saw them come
in on the surf canoes. Then I wenl.
through the zoo and saw all the ani
mals. I saw birds that never were
seen in the U. S. and many queer ani
mals and then went through the aquar
ium or fish pond.
I went over to the old Diamond
and have felt fine the whole voyage
so far. Am now about 4000 miles
from Bisbee. Today is the 18th of the
month. Well, as there Is nothing to
tell you of but blue water all ai'ound
I guess I will close for today and go
read some 'magazines I bought in
Honolulu.
Y'our loving son,
CLAY.
A dollar's worth of Spok
tite tightens 4 wheels. Mechan
ical tightening would cost about
$10. Spoktite keeps them tight
Mechanical tightening does not allow
for swelling of the wood in dampness.
Spoktite prevents swelling as well aa
shrinking.
SPOKTITE
SvtellsVood SEEEE
Tightens Loose Wheels
Thousands of people have used Spoktite for tight
ening wheels and not one case of failure has yet been reported.
Spoktite is not a glue. It is a liquid compound that penetrates
the wood, swells it to its original condition of tightness and
keeps it there. Spoktite is made from a secret formula there is
no substitute nothing else on the market with the same pur
pose only one Spoktite.
Apply Without Removing Wheels
Anyone can use Spoktite. Simply squirt a small
quantity into the cracks caused by the shrinkage at hubs and
felloes. In an hour your wheels will be tight as when new.
The handy spout can makes it easy to apply Spoktite without
removine the wheels or any part of them.
Get a wheel size can for $1.00 enough for
4 wheels and make your car safe.
Sold in Garages, Auto Supply
and Hardware Store
If your dealers do not keep Spoktite,
write our factory at once and we will see
that you are promptly supplied. Don't risk
the dangers of loose wheels tighten them
now!
LIQUID WHEEL TIGHTENER CO.
1 Officaa aad Factory! Modaato. California
Branches: Boiton anil New York
Prevent This
A GRADUATE
NURSE
Why She Recommends Lydia
. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound.
THE CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY
121 So. Central Ave. Phoenix, Arizona.
We specialize in Incorporating, Organizing and
Corporate Auditing and Supervise Meetings of Stock
holders and Directors of Corporations.
Write for Booklet "System and the Corporation,"
P. O. Box 277R, Phoenix, Arizona.
mX
mm
Chicago, I1L "I was in poor health
for two years, caused by a displacement.
ana during six
months of Uiis time
waa under a doc
tor's care without
fetting any help,
decided to try
Lydia E.Pinkbam'8
Vegetable Com
pound and it made
me feel like a new
woman. I am en
tirely relieved of
the displacement
and am now the mother nf n hoontif.il
healthy baby. I am a graduate nurse
and will be glad to recommend Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound to
other women." Mrs. R. W. Sloan,
5026 So. Park Avenue, Chicago, I1L
There are many women who suffer
as Mrs. Sloan did and who are being
benefited by this great medicine every
day. It has helped thousands of women
who have been troubled with displace
ments, inflammation, ulceration, irreg
ularities, periodic pains, backache, that
bearing down feeling, indigestion, and
nervous prostration.
If you need special advice writs
Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co. (confi
dential), Lynn, Mass.
C. & A. Briefs
Gene Whiteley, assistant superin
tendent of mines, is spending a few
weeks with his family at Hubert Lake,
Wis.
Mrs. H. Barkell and children, wife
of the popular general office man, is
spending a month in Los Angelas,
where she will shortly be joined by
Mr. Barkell.
Word has been received from John
Jerome, who was employed for a num
ber of years at the Junction shaft,
saying the "call to arms" wa sso great
he joined the signal corps while on liu
vacation in Los Angeles. "Frenchy"
will also be French instructor for his
company, now stationed at An?.-1
Island.
Mr. Leavell, who was employed at
the Cole shaft for some time, left re
cently to return to his first love, the
legitimate stage. Mr. Leavell was a
member of the C. & A. band while in
this vicinity..
Mr. and Mrs. George Jay are spend
ing a few weeks on the coast.
El Brewster, cashier, has just re
turned from the Golden state, where
he spent much time and money. Mr.
Brewster reports the many resorts in
the Vosemite valley are thronged with
people who seem to have forgotten the
war, for the time being.
Among those of the general office
who were called before the examining
board were Messrs. E. W. Beddow,
Thos. A. Cowen, Benj. Snyder and Ed.
Irving. All passed the physical test.
but neither Snyder or Irving will ac
company Beddow and Cowen to the
camp on account of having so much
of their time taken up in "pacing the
floor" at home.
Maurice Morgan, of the New Cor
nelia effice, .was among the fortunate
conscripts and will shortly be sporting
his "O. D.'s" around.
Carl Harbordt, who has been here
for a number of months In the Inter
est of the Kansas City Structural Steel
company, completed his "drawings"
and left Saturday morning for Kansas
City. While in this district Mr. Hor
bordt made many friends, who greatly
regret his departure.
, In a letter recently received by Mr.
Perkes from Frank L. Culin, it is stat
ed that Culin is now a first lieutenant
with the Thirtieth Infantry, stationed
at Syracuse, N. Y. He is in command
of the machine gun company of that
regiment and is anxiously awaiting
the order to embark for "somewhere
in France." Culin was formerly on
the C. & A. engineering force and left
behind a host of friends who wish hi:n
success.
PLEASURE CARS WILL
NOT BE ELIMINATED
DURINGWAR, BOWEN
Local Automobile Man Thinks
Increased Consumption of
Gasoline Will Mean Greater
Production of the FueL
' I do not think it will be necessary
to abolish the pleasure driving Vf cars
during the war," said Mr. 7. J. Bowen
of the Bisbee Auto company, local
Goodrich tire dealers, in commenting
upon the recent statement of a na
tional figure of the gasoline industry.
"If lur aeroplanes, ambulances and
"tanks" demand a large part of our
gasoline production it will naturally
raise the price on that which' Is left in
this country for domestic purposes. A
higher price will mean increased pro
duction, for it will then pay to drill
new wells and operate 'old ones, which
were not profitable under the old low
scale of prices. This increased pro
duction will then, naturally, bring
back to normal again. It is but the
old story of supply and demand dem
onstrated again.
"Of cburse," went on Mr. Bowen,
"the thoughtful citizen Is closely
watching the little expenditures con
nected with his motoring it being a
iaatter of personal thrift as well as a
patriotic duty. Whenever he can coast
he does so, shutting off his gas. This
item is so important here in this por
tion 'of Arizona where the down grades
permit frequent coasting, that many
motorists equip their cars with Sil
vertown cord tires because the resij
lient cords coast easily and long.
"Another thing to watch is the car
bureter. Keep it always adjusted or
ii iu eui up iois oi unnecessary gas
oline. ,
"When the car is not running the
nfotor should be stopped. It may not
take much gasoline to keep the engine
running two, three or five minutes
while you are waiting for a friend,
but multiply this by a million or so
; and you will find that the total would
i be used to run many aeroplanes for
Uncle Sam over the German lines.
' "Particular attention should be paid
! to tires. The best of tires need care
and attention. Avoid driving in ruts
i and car tracks. Keep the tires away
I from oil. Go over the tires periodical
i ly for small cuts and abrasions. When
j you find any have them attended to
i immediately by an expert repair man.
I This is perhaps the most important
I point Vo watch In tire care catching
PROMINENT MEN ARRESTED
(By Review Leased Wire.)
EAST ST. LOUIS, 111., Aug. 17.
Police officers and a prominent politi
cian were among the 24 men arrested
today on charges varying from rioting
to assault to murder in connection
with the race riots here in July in
which more than 100 white persons
and negroes were killed. Of 158 per
sons indicted by the grand jury ,39
were taken Into custody, 20 tf whom
are white men. The indictments were
returned against 82 white men and 23
negroes. Thomas Benton, for many ,
years -a leader in county politics, was !
arrested on a charge of assault to kill.
He is the owner of two saloons and
has been a candidate for sheriff.
J. L. Winters
Phone 491, Lowell
List Your Property With Me
Ranches, Cattle, Automo
biles Old Line Fire Insurance
If you want Quick Action, and a
Square Deal, see me.
The allies are sending- a representa
tive from France to invite congress to
join in the co-ordination of all war
legislation by the countries at war
with Germany.
PRIVATE Sanitarium for mental
cases exclusively. Located
near the Ocean at Venice,
Cat House Physician is a mental
specialist of wide reputation. Only
nurses having years of experience
in this special work employed. For
terms write Mrs. F. Crossland, Ma
tron. Palms, Cal.
The Smith Motoir Truck Corpora
tion has been advanced $750,000 by J.
& W. Seligman & Co., who are to re
ceive 7 per cent notes besides a bonus
in stock.
the small injuries before dampness and
dirt get a chance to fester the wounds
Into big, jagged holes and blowouts."
!CH1
I U. s
CHESTER S PILlS
TUIl DKlllMD BRAND,
bl-fcm Ilaaraa4 1
9IIU is tud ai VoM aMOlllcX
bc, w.l ma BU Rwaoa. 1
T.k. - -.a-. Rn m
lrr -.- Aik?-TCin.oin;a.Tem
IIaVD KUMt PILL, a a
ton tr. as BSC, Sitat. AiT
SOLS BY DRLCGI5TS Eif BYttkLBf
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Otto Engelder has returned from the
coast, where he spent a few weeks
with his family.
F. E. Taylor, of the T. C. & G. H.
railroad, is in San Francisco. He ad
vises the Spring Valley water is bet
ter than ever.
SUMMER COMPLAINT
During the hot weather of the sum
mer months some member of al st
every family is likely to bo trouble!
with an unnatural looseness of the
bowels, and it Is of the greatest im
portance that kiiis be treated promptly,
I which can only be done when the med
icine is kept at hand. Mrs. F. I.
Scott, Scottsvillc. N. Y., states, "I first
used Chamberlain's Colic and Diar
rhoea Remedy as much as fivo years
ago. At that time 1 had a severe at
I Lack of summer complaint and was
j suffering intense pain. One dose re
I lieved me. Other members of my fam
' lly have since used it with like re
" ijMaaaayaw
"buy" in Roadstos
present prices they cannot be equalled. They are
sitively the best Roadster "buy" in the world.
The tiro-passenger roadster indirid
xial form-filling seats, adjustable to all
leg lengths.
The three-passenger roadster drirer
sits a I due in adcancc vf others.
an
The "
stra ,".(-. id ' ' r, nulstrr seats
thru jrou.n je.,,)!c cu:nfortibly.
On September 15th, the prices of
Studebaker Roadsters will advance. The
FOUR from $985 to $1025, the SIX from
$1250 to $1335.
Even at the increased prices they will be the greatest
dollar for dollar values on the market.
At
positrt
for the doctor
who must be ready to answer calls at any hoar of the day or night, the
durable, dependable Studebaker Roadster is ideal. It is always ready
for service every part is so easy to get at, that the average owner is
thoroughly competent to take care of it its appearance expresses the
dignity of the doctor's calling.
for the salesman
whose income depends largely upon his ability to cover bis territory
Nf ' quickly and without loss of valuable time, the Studebaker Roadster is
a real money-maker. It is big, impressive, powerful. It has plenty
of room for sample cases, personal baggage, etc
for general business purposes
The Studebaker Roadster has ample power for every emergency of
roads, hills and weather. It will keep on running in the hands of all
V sorts of drivers on all sorts of roads at a minimum maintenance and
repair expense. Its appearance adds prestige to the man who drives it.
One of America's largest public service corporations, after an exhaus
tive test with several makes of cars, extendimr over a period of three
years, has recently installed a fleet of 35 Studebakcrs, because its fig
ures proved that Studebaker cars actually cost less to operate and main
tain over that period than any other make of car.
for the woman
Because of its beauty and luxurious comfort, and because it is an easy
i car to handle in crowded city traffic or on the open country road, the
Studebaker Roadster is a very popular car with women.
for your personal enjoyment
It is the ideal car for the man with a small family, who just wants to
drive, to get out-of-doors. It is a snappy, service-giving car one of
the handsomest on the market and absolutely the lowest in price for
w hat it gives. It is guaranteed by Studebaker for twelve months.
Prices advance September 15th order your
Sudebakc Roadster now and save money
BISBEE AUTO COMPANY
(The Pioneer Garage)
Phone 5 Bisbee, Ariz.
-ty?rTr
aT
mit.." Adv. i:
r
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 19, 1917.
FIVE
f
,4
.1
4
'1
1
5
: t
-i
"SI
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under this head
issue, with a minimum charge of 25
Review office not later than 8 p. m.
Wanted
WANTED Bright young lady to work
afternoons from 1 to 6; must be an
American and speak good Spanish.
Apply Sands Tailoring Co., Brewery!
Gulch, opposite Uncle Jim's. 661 1
WANTED Chambermaid, Marks H'o-
teL Lowell. Good wages. Apply im
mediately. 587 1
WANTED Clean quart bottles. De
liver to Phelps Dodge Mer. Co. ware
house. 595
WANTED To do sewing. Mrs. W. J.
Higgins, Tombstone Canyon, Oppo
site Lincoln school. 575
WANTED To buy or to rent 4-room
house; will take possession any
time between now and 1st October.
Box 1753, Bisbee. . 455
WANTED Good, clean cotton rags at
the Review Job Department
WANTED House for 2 small fami
lies about 3 rotoms each, furnished
or unfurnished; will take double
house or one that can be arranged
for two sets of apartments. Inquire
at Review Office. 333
WANTED Bell boy at Copper Queen
HoteL 300
HELP WANTED Applications for
"Review" routes asked for from
WIDE AWAKE boys between 13 and
16 years old. 126
WANTED Telegraphers, stenograph-
era, bookkeepers; students earn
board, room tuition. Mackay Busi-
ness College, Los Angeles. 7S9I
THE Government needs Farmers as
well as Fighters. Two million three
hundred thousand acres of Oregon &
California Railroad Co. Grant Lands.
Title revesting in United States. To
be opened for homesteads and sale.
Containing some of best land left in
United States. Large Copyrighted
Map, showing land by sections and
description of soil, climate, rainfall,
elevations, temperature, etc., post
paid One Dollar. Grant Lands Lo
cating Co, Portland, Oregon. 507 1
WANTED Girl for general house
work. Apply J. McGregor, Tomb
stone Canyon, end car line. 504
WANTED Furnished room in private
family; prefer new house. N. M,
Review. 654
WANTED 2 milkers and a house
keeper. Brophy Carriage Co, Low
elL 613
SALESMAN For general mercantile
trade in Arizona to sell a new prop-
osition of merit Vacancy now. At-1
UKUie cuujiu:bsiuu contract. iDI
weekly for expenses. Miles F. Bix
ler Co, wholesale jewelers, 733 Car
lin BIdg, Cleveland, Ohio. 612
CIVIL SERVICE examinations soon;
men and women desiring govern
ment clerkships, departmental, post-
office, railway mail, customs, stenog-
rapher, write for free particulars to
J. C Leonard (former government!
examiner). 770 Kpnnia Ttirf? Wash
ington. 611
I'VE A NEW LINE of sOap, extracts,
toilet goods, perfumes, etc, for
agents; 100 per cent profit; sample
free. Write quick, Lacassian Co,
Dept 57, St Louis, Mo. 609
WANTED Boy at V.
teria.
W. C. A.
cafe-
641
" AiSTED 3 or 4-room furnished
apartment or house by 2 batchePors.
Address H. M, care Review. 49
M. C. HIGH
ALLEN BLOCK
Real Estate and Insurance
Now is the time to buy
See me for Bargains.
Agent for reliable Insur
ance Companies.
List your property with me.
PETEY DINK-It's Just as Well
' OH " VMAl ARE. N ( J HAVE To LOOK OUT 125 T S ' " ' "X
i , dea. i'm ) Vo AFfCAtDo: Fok voo ailTheTimg. xS vv 1) Ts' AUi -s. -x
: V AFRAID Jl ALWANi iCAREp '-IKE I ViOOlP A CWltD I V H A " ( OVEI PGteV ft
ARE TNATi ' ( v- PVEM AT THAT, J JA V . PA COME. J I V
1 VMYlDokT J VflTK ME. AKQUWD,- ?Z 'J'L 1 V UP jr 7 J
I Like Haviuc Vou you're scaeedTo ) - ?Jv "yllNj X 1J V
at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
cents. Advertisements must reach Th
for insertion in the next morning paper
Wanted
SALESMAN Experience unnecessary
new specialty proposition; rn'oder
ate priced goods for general trade;
exclusive feature; splendid commis
sion contract for Arizona; vacancy
now; 35 weekly for expenses. Con
tinental Jewelry Co., 733 Continental
BIdg., Cleveland, Ohio. 619
For Sale !
FOR SALE Wardrobe trunk In excel
lent condition; will sacrifice same
as owner is leaving to join aviation
service. Call or phone ltday or Mon
day before 11 a. m., Room 58, Cop
per Queen HoteL
FOR SALE 7-room bungalow; buill
In features; partly hardwood floors
gas range and heater; corner lot.
D'Autremont and Powell at Warren.
Price $3800. Apply to E. Grebe,
Tombstone, Ariz. 32 1
FOR SALE 3-room house, furnished;
20 fruit trees and chickens. Fron.
of Brophy's rtal yard. Mrs. F. Hop
hienx. 58i
FOR SALE 6-room house.
24 Jigger
523 ville.
FOR SALE 3-room house on Brophy
Are. J. J. Quill. Phone 616. - 45-
FOR SALE 5-room house, furnished:
house in good condition. 101 Uppti
LowelL 57,,
FOR SALE Furniture 11 rooms, con.
I plete; house for rent; also 3 room
furniture; 1 or both; all rented. I.
A, care of Review. 60 ;
FOR SALE 17-rVom house, furnished
fine, location near City Park.
12:
57;
Opera Drive.
FOR SALE OR RENT Furnished I
room house. Tombstone Canyon, c..
end of car line. See Mrs. Wantlan-:
at Doyle House. 60.
FOR SALE 5-passenger Oakland; a
bargain. Slag Dump Garage. 271'
FOR SALE 4-room house, furnishe'
or unfurnished; screened in bad.
porch; fruit and shade trees. C. A.
Brindt Van Dyck St, Warren, be
low old school h'juse. 5? :
FOR SALE Beautiful ranch 2":
acres; fenced and 100 head cattle,
priee $20,000. For particulars writ
or see N. D. Navarette, Box 2001
Bisbee, Ariz. 5c :
FOR SALE 5-passenger touring cai
good condition and good tires; fci
quick sale $175 cash; worth $25j.
The Long Trail Garage. 5
for SALE Rr,n- ioiT77
tnnHno- r
See it today. Broofci
Garage & Supply Co. 58
FOR SALE Furniture in 7-roo:--
house; terms reasonable and privi
lege Of renting house. Box 1219, Bis
hee. es i
FOR SALE Good second, hand 5-pa.
senger Velie; first class conditio!'
blag Dump Garage. 27;
FOR SALE Few more desirable lot
easy payments; also houses to ren
Mrs. Winwood, Winwood AdditiO'
FOR SALE OR TRADE For Warren
district property, 320 acres land 2
miles from Kansas City. Box 86..
Warren, Ariz. 65 !
FURNITURE FOR PALE The Johi
on Addition Furniture Co. warn
to pay you the highest cash price
for your second Lind furniture. A
o wants to trade or exchange yo
new furniture for your old. We wi:
ell you furniture cheaper tha
anybody on easy payments. Ca
In at the big brick building at th
Johnson Addition and let us sho
you our large and selected stock '
house furnlsnliigs, or phone us
our store. Phone 386. Johnson Ai
dltion
FOR SALE Bargain; piano anj
household furniture of all kind's; ai
so galvanized wire fence and gate.
Green house at foot of Laundry Hil'.
655
He Had Her Around
For Sale.
FOR SALE Buick 40. made over into
truck. Box 2390, Bisbee. 560
FOR SALE 1917 model 5-passenger
Overland; a genuine bargain. Call
at Slag Dump Garage. 25
FOR SALE Furniture ot3 rooms,
privilege of renting h'juse. No. 3
Kruger Flats, Warren. 620
FOR SALE 3-room house and 4 lots
opposite Lincoln school. Call Mrs.
Perkins or write Box 493. 618
FOR SALE Fine peaches for table
use; also fine yellow freestones for
canning. Joe Cblford, 73 Wood Can
yon. Phone 589. 642
FOR SALE 18 well furnished rooms;
- terms. Arlington House, Opera
Drive. Phone 459. 646
FOR SALE Canary birds. Holbrook
House, Naco Road. 658
FOR SAXE Furniture of 4-room
house, 125; house rents for $15. F.
P. Stitt, Van Dyck St., Warren, Ariz.
650
FOR SALE A 6-room modern house
with large lot on Vista in Warren.
M.rs. J. Butler. 652
For Rent
FOR RENT 4-room house with gar
age; $15 per month. Inquire O. E.
Franklin, Bakerville, or phone Blue
447. 640
FOR RENT 2 and 3 furnished house
keeping apartments. 25 Broadway
639
FOR RENT Completely furnishe:!
house, 3 rooms and small kitchen.
Schtfol Hill. Apply 47 High Road.
655
FOR RENT 2-room house nicely fur
nished. Apply at Mrs. Shelttm. Win
wood Addition, or for further partic
ulars call 12 Jiggerville. 660
FOR RENT 7-passenger touring car,
50 cents per hour; careful driver.
Call Mr. Smith. Room 58, Copper
Queen Hotel, before 10 a .m
FOR RENT 2-room furnished house.
Apply 147 E, above new lumber
yard. Tombstone Canyon. 601!
FOR RENT 3-roora house, furnished;
cabin for batching. 176 .Naco Roa'l.
Holbrook stop. 60'.
FOR RENT 3-room apartment
Higgins HilL
102
578
FOR RENT Dining room and kitchen
of Block House (formerly Colorado
House) in Jiggerville; must be ex
penenced Americans. "Phone Black
764. ; - 68
FOR RENT 2-room house, screened
porch, partly furnished. Mrs. C. T.
Winwood, Winwood Addition. 4
Furnished Rooms
2 FURNISHED housekeeping rooms
pantry and clothes closet; privilege
of bath. 105 School Hill. 6
OR RENT 1 large cool room for
batching or 2 furnished housekeep
ing rooms. Rear H. W. Lumber
Yard. Right at top of stairs, up
through lumber yard. 66
fUK KENT 2 furnished rooms. Mr3.
Hanley, 170 Opera Drive. 57
FOR RENT 2 furnished rooms, gas
and light in. 31 Montana St, John
son Addition. 616
FOR RENT 2 furnished housekeep
ing rooms with sleeping porch; $i!)
month. 117 School Hill. Red cot
tage block north high school. 621
FOR RENT 2 completely furnished
housekeeping rcOnis back of Doyle
House, Quality Hill. Mrs. Argyll.
608
FOR RENT 2 furnished housekeeping
rooms.-- 44 Bailey Hill." No children.
648
FOR RENT Rooms for light house
keeping; lights, gas and water. Hoi
brook House, Naco ROad. 65S
FOR RENT Cool sleeping, batchlTg
and housekeeping furnished room;-.
Custom House. 619
FOR RENT Furnished rooms f r
housekceping with sleeping porch at
tached; close in. Block north o:
high school, 189 Temby Ave. 5ST,
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT New furnished rooms,
u. iv. si., uexi 10 nisDee improve
ment. 584
FOR RENT Furnished room suitable
fnl 9 Dontluniuil f ' 1 '1 1 1 .-. , till! t
. . a, ((.uuGiiivu. .ui.uvia 41111, op
posite high school. 595
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms. El
liott Flats. 598
FOR RENT Front room with bay
window suitable iit office; also out
side sleeping rooms; reasonable.
Letson Hotel. 566
FOR RENT 'Furnished room for
light housekeeping. 102 Higgins Hill.
599
FOR RENT 3 rooms, furnished. John
tton Addition. Montana St., No. 35.
558
FOR RENT Housekeeping, batching
and sleeping rooms. 49 O. K. St
530
FOR RENT 2 furnished rooms for J
light housekeeping; lights, water 1
and gas. 163 Opera Drive.
Muu&ii Hu i tii t urnmned rooms
$2.00 per week and up. 405
FOR RENT 3 furnished rooms, clean
J. C. McConiff, Jones Hill. 592
FOR RENT Furnished room, $6 per
month. Doyle House. 605
FOR RENT 3 furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. W. E. Baugb
Moon Ave. 321
FOR RENT American's ; clean, cooi
rooms. Colorado House, Jiggerville.
Good table board. 351
(tin . uot isice lurnished room
cheap. Williams car stop, end of
car line, Tombstone Canyon. 100
GOLDEN HOTEL Outside windowt
ana running water in an rooms.
Rates reasonable, by the day, week
tor month. 58S
To Exchange
TRADE 160-acre ranch in Oregon;
will take Bisbee property as part or
whole payment; value $3000. Apply
to J. G. Quigley, Hotel Golden, own
er. : 601
TO TRADE A gctod 5-acre bearing
olive grove in Hemet Cal.; best wa
ter system in state; shares paid:
want Bisbee property. Phone Black
420 for full information. 640
TO TRADE 2 good residence lots well
located in Phoenix. 50x160 each; car
line in 3 blocks on each side; cov
ered with bearing grapes and apri
cots; want house and lot in Bisbee
well located; clear title. Dr. R
Glaze. 643
LOST
LOST Drivers' delivery book. Finder
return to Review. 610
LOST Picketbook with money and
railroad ticket to Deming, N. M, also
first citizenship papers of Frank
Krjak. Reward of $25 if returned
to Review office. 615
LOST Loaned to party July 12, da
of drive, 1 Colt automatic, 45, with
scabbard and belt' full of ammuni
tion. Party .please return to V. M
L. A. 58r
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
MISS KATHLEEN HAIL of the West
ern Conservatory of Music and the
Landry Studio or Chicago, 111., will
accept pupils in preparatory music,
also folk dancing. Terms quite rea
sonable. Phone 263. 614
MUSIC TEACHER Mrs. J. Rovee
Frye, conservatory graduate teach
er of voice and piano. Studio ei
Presbyterian church every day, 2:3c
until 3:30, except Wednesday and
Saturday. 5
EXPERT paper hanger and painter. C.
J. Brandt. Phone 436, Box 150. 57J
LEARN actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. V. M. C. A, Los Anles. Cal-!
alog free. ter and W. A. IMI; Montreal ftue, u-
. j surveyed, owned by W. A. Dell an
IMucellaneOui Clias. Rambo. East: Mount Sliasl
'lode. iinsiirvtivfH ku-,iri 1, ,-i t...
J50.000 to loan on improved city prop-j
eny or ior Duuumg, on easy terms 1
of payment. T. A. Hughes, over j
Bitck Bisbee 697
Miscellaneous
COx CO
loans J5 to $50 without se
curity to men or women in perma
nent positions. rT nonest wage
earner refused, easiest weekly
monthly payments, cheapest rates
also loans on fnrniture, pianos, etc
Confidential, quick service. See u
if you need money. New Lyri
Theatre lildg., Room 2, Phone 79
821
THE Blackburn System is the qulckes
and most thorough taught anywhere
Including Dress-cutting, Designing
Pattern-making and Dressmaking
The full course will make you pre
ficient ard equip you to teach thes
tranches. Room 4, Maze BIdg.. Mis
Grant 9
PAT CLEARY, painter. Menibe
Builders' Exchange. Box 1495. 34
LEGAL NOTICES
ORDER TO SHOW CAUSE WHY OF
DER OF SALE OF REAL ESTAT
I SHOULD NOT BE MADE
In the Superior Court in the Count
of Cochise, State of Arizona.
In the Matter tf the Estate of Fre.
Bauer, Deceased.
It appearing to this Court, by th
petition this day presented and file
by M. Artunoff, Administrator with th
Will annexed of the Estate of Fre
Bauer, deceased, that it is necessar
to sell the whole or some portion t
the real estate of said decedent to pa
the debts of decedent and the expense
and charges Of administration.
It is therefore ordered by this Cour
That all persons interested In the ei
tate of said deceased appear before th
said Superior Court on Saturday, th
22nd day of September, A. D. 1917
the hour of 10 o'clock a. m, of sai
day, at the cOurt room of said Cour
at the court house in the City of Toml
stone, Cochise County, State of At
zona, to show cause why an orde
should not be granted to said M. A
un'jfT, Administrator with the Wi
annexed, to sell so much of the sa'
real estate as shall be necessary aE
that a copy of this order ta publishe
four successive weeks in the Bisbe
Daily Review, a newspaper printed an
published in the said County of O
cbise.
Dated August 11th, 1917.
ALFRED C. LOCK WOOD.
Judge of the Superior Court
5
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. S. PATENT
MINERAL SURVEY NO. 3354
August 9, 1917
Mineral Application 035913
Receipt No. 2076931
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN tht
W. A. Dell, whose postoffice address i
Bisbee, Arizona, on behalf Of himse'
and co-owners, W. A. Schwartz an
Charles W. Rambo, whose postoffic
addresses is the same place, has mad
application for a patent for the fclloi
ing lode mining claim, situated in tt
Warren Mining District Cochise Com
ty, State of Arizona, in Section 18, m
app d. T. 23 S, R. 24 E ,G. & S. R. 1
& M, which claim is described as fc
lows :
POINT LOOKOUT: Beginning t
Cor. No. 1, the S. W. Cor, whence th
N. E. Cor. Sec. 30, T. 23 S, R. 24 I.
G. & S. R. B. & M, brs S. 13 23' 1
7545.40 ft; thence N. 12 07' W. 680.i
ft. to Cor. No. 2, Identical witi N. 1
Cor. and S. E. Cor. of Los Angelus an
Look Out lodes, unsurveyed, respec
ively; thence N. 1 05' E. 600.00 ft. f
Cor. No. 3, the N. W. Cor.; thence 1
59" 36' E. 556.20 ft. to Cor. No. 4, tl
N. E. Cor.; thence S. 5 48' E. 1273.1
ft to Cor. No. 5. the S. E. Cor.: thenc
S. 59 36' W. 553.00 ft to Cor. No. :
the place of beginning, containing
net area of 15.009 acres.
The location notice of said POIN
LOOKOUT claim is recorded in th
County Recorder's office, Cochu
County, Arizona, in Book 23, Recort
of Mines, at page 445.
Adjoining claims: North: New Y01
lode - , unsurveyed. owned bv Fred Rn
bo; lionita lode.Sur. No. 3162. South
Bonita lode, Sur. No. 3162; I'unta lod.
unsurveyed. owned by Em'il Marks an
W. A. Schwartz. West: I'unu lod
Lodge
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
7'.: T?J
leets every Friday night Moose Hall.
.'isiting brothers cordially invited.
V. R. TONKIN. Dictator.
KAY ROSS. Secretary
lUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in MeJlgovcl.
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month
Visiting brothers we!
come.
F. D. LANE, Councillor.
f. L. BENTON. Recording Secretary
-OYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
. U O. U NO. 21a
Meets In L O.
O. F. Hall sec
ond and fourth
SATURDAY
at 7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
era cordially
Invited to ar-
teud.
1EO. SLEEMAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretar
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
BlEbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E, meet
irsi and third MONDAYS, 8. p. m.
Ragles Halt Visitors cordially we!
ome.
UCHARD DAVIS, President
C. L. EDMONSON, Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
FRANK BRUNING, C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM, K. of R. S.
insurveyed, owned by Einil Marks
.nd W. A. Schwartz; Los Angelus
Ode, unsurveyed, owned by W. A. De:l
nd Chas. Rambo; Look Out lode, un--urveyed,
owned by Chas. Rambo.
J. L. IRWIN.
Registrar.
Irst publication August 11th, 1917.
cst publication October 18th, 1917.
472
ADVERTISEMENT FOR BIDS
Sealed bids will be received by the
omnion Council of the City o Bisbe-
it a meeting to be hcld.at the City.Hall
n the said City of Bisbee, on the 27th
lay of August, 1917, at the hour of
30 o'clock, P. M, for the following
terns, to-wit:
One four-horse road grader; one
rooter plow, to cut four-foot strip and
mt to exceed twenty-five hundred
pounds in weight; one eight-foot coa-
rete mixer, on trucks, with three-
iorsepower gasoline engine, with steel
.musing, measuring pressure water
-ank, measuring batch hopper and auto
matic stop power loader; also one two
ind One-half ton truck, with hydraulic
teel dump body, trailer attachment!
iw cover over drivers seat, and
.vheel base not to exceed one hundred
wenty Inches.
All bids for said articles, as a whol
)r separately, must be accompanied by
certified check In the sum of not less
han ten per centum of the bid, pay-
ible to the Mayor of the City of BL-
jee, conditioned for the faithful per-
ormance and carrying out of said bid.
accepted by the Common Council,
And must be on file with the City
lerk by 5:00 o'clock, P. M, on said
Jate.
The Common Council of the City of
3isbee reserves the right to reject any
and all bids.
Dated this 11th day of August 1917.
JACOB ERICKSON.
Attest: MaiOr.
W. L. BUTLER.
City Clerk.
irst Pub. Aug. 15.
I-ast Pllh An:' 91 t1
1
I-
Notices
WEEK ENDING AL'G. 25, 1917
Monday
Tuesday Wednesday-
Thursday
Friday s
Saturday
N. C. BLEDSOE, W. M.
B. T. WATKINS. Secy. F. & A. 1C.
A. M. COLWELL, E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. L M.
J E. FRY E C
F S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chapter
and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Monday
of each month at
'iiqpr I- Medigo
'V3 vich Hall. Visit
ing members cordially invited.
PHIL. DAVIS, President
MRS. C. E. F1NOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722, Tel. ?36, Red.
KATHERINE SALHOLM. Secretary.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third FrV
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
R E. WARNER. Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY. Secretary.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple, No. 3jnets every 2nd
ana 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows' Halt Visitinf
sisters are cordially Invited.
ANNA HART. M. E. C
JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. C
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets In Medigovich Hall 2nd and
Jth Fridays of each month.
HATTIE A. LUKE. Guardian.
PAULINE F. BROWN. Clerk.
P. O. Box 62L
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OR SECUR
ITY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115
Meets every Thursday at Brophy
hall. 8 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID. Piesident, P. O.
Box 3 4 S3. Lowell. Ariz.
FREDERICK J. .ATTAWAY.
Secretary, LowelL
E. LUNLQUIST
Financial Secretary. P. O. Box 3246,
LowelL
BISBEE LODGE. No. 10, I. O. O. F.
meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows Halt
Main street at 7:00 p. m Visiting
brothers cordially invited to atten.
Hall phone 119.
GEO. MUNSEY, N. G.
C. D. KIRBY, Secretary.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN. '
Meets first anil third
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
in Medigovich HalL All
visiting R Men InvL'ed
to attend.
Wm. DEI-BRIDGE, Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Medicine Man.
F. C FENDERSON. C of &.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bis be Camp No. 13416.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows HalL
R. L. MOTZ, Con?nL
H. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Hall
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meets
In Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS. W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box 841. Bisbee.
MRS JESSE BEVAN. Sec'y. P. O. Box
2299. Chairman Relief Com. Phone 16L
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy HalL
J. L. WINTERS. C C.
O. a THOMAS, Clerk.
Alt woodmen Invited.
By G A. YOIGHT
I THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, AUGUST 19, 1917.
SIX
HERE IS THE LIST OF SLACKERS; WILL
YOU HELP THE OFFICIALS ROUND THEM UP
The following Is a list cf the slack-
ers, numbering 365, in Cochise county,
compiled by Clerk Ray Krebs of the
exemption board. The names given
below are now over the ten day limit
allowed and it is the duty of every
law abodingr citizen and peace officer,
and especially those men who have
been d-afted. to assist the officers in
rounding them up. It should be the
duty of tho?e in the second call to
make a special call to assist in this
matter rs it may mean that some of
their number mav not be compelled to
to if the slackers are rounded up.
There is a bare possibility that a
few names in the list below have ap-
peared before the examining beard
within the last two days, but the list
was sent out from the recorder's of-
fice last evening and all the names on
the slacker list there are included.
There are still about fifty names that
are being held, on which the ten day
limit has not vet been reached. These
names will be published during the
first part of next week.
Look over the following list and
see if you know any of them and if so
report their name and residence to the
officers
258-Duarte. Alejandro, Bisbee.
1894 Collon, Lewis Lenford. Bisbee.
4614 Jennings. Patrick, Lowell.
6423 Flores, Calarino, Warren.
lOQr, HiDsman. Peter Thoed. Bisbee. ;
4320 Cruz, Avila, Johnson.
6183 Martinez, Jacinto. Tombstone.
783 Tapia,' Marcon, Bisbee.
3567 Hodlebaugh, Berry
Douglas.
5227 Lambi. John, Lowell.
Bernice,
5497 Cofjs, Jose, Pirtleville
4137 Avila, oJse, Ft. Huachuca.
3505-Cam. LeRo'y Crawford, Douglas. ,
1572 Carbajal, Felix, Bisbee. i
2762 Chavez. Manuel, Douglas. I
2195-Orduno. Sacramento. Courtland. !
676 Modo, Rodonovich, Bisbee.
275 Durate, Lazaro, Loweil.
C259 Rez, Francisco, Tombstone.
4419 Ramirez, Pedro, Johnson.
3827 Garcia, Andres, Douglas.
4056 Valencia, Lavary, Don Luis.
2166 Guerrera, Francisco, Courtland.
596 Nusser, Albert, Bisbee.
3543 Freeman, Herbert Willard, Doug
las.
3067 Soto, Lauro, Douglas.
1267 McCann, Bugene, Bisbee.
548 Mora, Trinidad, Bisbee.
126 Anguina, Porfiro, Lowell.
3070 Samaniego, Pedro, Douglas.
5678 Madrigal, Casimiro, Pirtleville.
1237 Medinovitch, Nick. Bisbee.
3786 Carsco, Filipe. Douglas.
2691 Aguilar, Alberto, Douglas.
4688 Milosctovick, Milo, Lowell.
616 Olivan, Juan, Bisbee.
5087 Escalante, Ramon, Tombstone.
373 Garcia, Pablo, Lowell.
4294 Ruiz, Cruz, Garces.
1676 Harrison, Kay Lewis. Bisbee.
775 Tova, Manuel De La, Bisbee.
4S6 Lopez, Abram, Bisbee.
692 Renterna, Pascual, Lowell.
3256 Bean, James A., Douglas.
4701 Mitchell. Harry, Lowell.
810 Villarobo, Amado, Bisbee.
4644 Kolen, Mike, Bisbee.
4189 Cabrera, Antonio, Gleeson.
2549 Perez, Carlos, Douglas.
4712 Maxwell, James, Lowell.
6484 Odalovich, Milan, Lowell.
2967 Moreno, Jose, Dougiao.
3254 Bricos, Petro, Douglas.
5442 Alvarez. Juan, Pirtleville.
4258 Zuniga, Andres, Gleeson.
4629 Johnston, Ed., Lowell.
2181 Molino. Rafael. Courtland.
1763 McKeigh, Mike, Bisbee.
4940 Fekavich, Albert, Lowell.
2501 Mesa, Agustin, Douglas.
514 Elvey, Owen. Bisbee.
2374 Diaz, Jose M., Douglas.
1329 Paredes, Ricardo, Bisbee.
2756 Coedy, Joseph J., Douglas.
5692 Monteja, Faustino, Pirteyille.
62S7 Sema. Rodriguez, Tombstone.
487 Lopez, Simon, Bisbee. ',
797 valles, Protecto, Bisbee.
140 Ayala, Jose Maria. Bisbee.
1536 Briggs, James P., Bisbee.
i -r. 77..
So subtle
ihtfully good and re
markably beneficial that
ycu will always drink it.
Try Ambrosia to day!
At hotels, restaurant, drug stores,
grocery stores, fountain and
wHorever beverages are sold
Order it by the case from your dealer
CENTRAL CONSUMERS COMPANY
lacerporaid
LOIBVILLX ILVTUCIY
4110 Gardner, Don. Fairbanks,
i2StS Encinas, R&rael O.. Douglas.
' 1236 Matson. Frank, Bisbee
, 3S18 Trujillo, Manuel, Douglas,
j 432 Johnson. Wilfred. Bisbee.
4317 Denegas. Euabia, Hereford,
' 4S44 Vega, Pablo. Don Luis,
5131 Projovich, Jorg, Lowell,
: 652 Parades, Arturo, Bisbee.
37S7 Chavez. Jose, Douglas,
; P27 Craig, Edgar Allen. Bosbee.
3024 Roias. Francisco. Douglas,
j 1322 Papin, Roscoe, Bisbee.
! 6111 Gimenez. Enrique. Tombstone.
j 2479 McXicnolas, William. Douglas.
1 1771 O'Neill, John J.. Eisbee.
14392-Olenn. U Harrison. Lowell,
4C Candillo. Ramon. Benson,
! 1099 Homutoff, Nick, Bisbee. .
J 1953 Porthouse, William. Bisbee. ,
3208 Ryan, James J.. Douglas,
1 6174 Lozano, Manuel, Tombstone.
j 2441 Ytuarte, Alberto. Douglas,
; 163C Fracis, Lorain. Bisbee.
!.4568 Gillian, Willard H., Lowell,
117 Csleton, Frank. Benson,
' 2330 Cazarco. Del lino, Douglas.
1 2990 Perez, Genero K., Douglas,
j 5139 Zupancic, Stephen. Lowell,
1 3974 Sanchez. Manuel, Douglas,
j 4219 Lopez, Magdaleno L., Gleeson.
! 772 Santiago. Severo de. Bisbee..
! 6171 Leyvas. Jose. Tombstone.
i 3064 Silva, Magdaleno, Douglas.
5580 Gomez, G.. Pirtleville.
nis scnousa, juuu, x.u.
4243 Romero, Jesus, Gleeson.
5289 Taylor, J. H.. Lowell.
4981 Zank'ovich. George, Lowell.
; 1476 Webb, Carl, Bisbee.
1 3620 Mungie, Raymond, Douglas.
1 3671 Romero, Jorge, Douglas.
11292 Owent. Thomas E., Bisbee.
16137 Gallegos, Herminio, Tombstone.
5170-Drach, Frank D., LowelL
menies, ju,
332 Gomez, M. M.. Bisbee.
2090 Ramos. Sostenes. Bowie
2107 Sullivan, Sidney Stearns, Bowie.
194 Blackburn, William, Bisbee.
5234 McElkey, Stanley, LowelL
4143 Brovo, Lorenzo, Ft. Huachuca.
5585 GOnzalas, Pedor, Pirtleville.
2124 Turey, Manuel, Bowie.
4109 Garcia, Maurico, Fairbank.
298 Esquier, Jesus, Bisbee.
4027 Carlson, Frank, Don Luis.
4150 Domingus, Jesus, Ft. Huachuca.
675 Ramirez. Jose. Bisbee.
6534 Butierrez, Pedro, Willcox.
3930 Perez, Atonacio, Douglas.
2132 Ages, Jose, Courtland.
1148 Karkanen, David, Bisbee.
4420 Ramos, Ramon, Johnson.
343 Grljavia, Juan, Bisbee.
6257 Rosaz. Seferino, Tombstone.
4125 Pierce, Lewis Alva, Fairbank.
2331 Carlio, Juan, Douglas.
5207 Jervi, Andrew, Lowell.
2209 Strada, Vicente, Courtland.
0640 Luera, Daniel, Pirtleville.
5803 Zapata, Jose. Pirtleville.
3572 Humphreys, Colvin, Douglas.
355 Garcia, Andy, Bisbee. j
6021 Acosta, Manuel L., TomDstoue.
2579 Ramirez, Manuel, Douglas.
1114 Haines, Harry C, Bisbee.
2607 Seja, Margarito, Douglas.
1470 Wright, Perry, Bisbee.
645 Peralta, Genero, Bisbee.
2135 Armento, Paulina, Courtland.
4496 Burrola, Santiago, LowelL
218 Couch, Whitt Farris, Bisbee.
620 Puentes, Manuel, Bisbee.
1334 Puryear, William Damon,
bee.
550 Mikovitch, Louis, Bisbee.
Bis-
. 3245 Batty, William, Douglas.
' 4481 Bulalch, Glagoe M., Bisbee.
4768 Radovich. Milan, Bisbee.
, 1432 Summers, Sterling Stevens, Bis
bee.
1727 Maedo, Emertio, Bisbee.
2047 Huerta, George Rodriguez, Bo
! wie.
4764 Pilg, George, Dbwell.
1848 Webb, Thomas, Bisbee.
2662 Vascuez, Alberto, Douglas.
2577 Rascuiu, Gonzales, Douglas.
749 Salazar, Margarito, Bisbee.
4281 Garcio, Jose, Garces.
2269 Penentelfl Francisco, Juarez,
Mexico.
in flavor so m Mil W
6261 Ruelas, Jse M., Tombstone.
4646 Kovich, Drls, Lowell.
6680 Ross, Chas., Douglas.
6282 Samudia, Augusun, Tombstone.
5110 Turnipseed, Thos. A., Jr., Lo
4641 Kovacovlch, Joe, LowelL
1791 Port, Mike, Bisbee.
792 Tevis. Clarence W.. Bisbee.
2128 Weappe, Frank Oscar, Bowie.
4139 Beas, Lorato, Ft. Huachuca,
E251 Milatoreich, Luke. LowelL
3059 Sanchez, Antonio, Douglas.
4550 Darby, Wm. Henry, Lowell.
350 Glnerez, Serafin, Bisbee.
517 Paco Asuan. Bisbee.
678 Amador Diosdado, Douglas.
2613 Sanders, Joseph S.. Douglas.
5926 Wolff, Wilhelm. Rudolf, Servoss
2316 Belcher, William, Douglas.
4752 Popovich, Eli, LowelL
711 Rodiguez, Juan Antonio, Bisbee
6246 Perez, Guadalupe, Tombstone.
6080 Evero, Ramon, Tombstone.
2454 King. Edward, Douglas.
623 Peralta, Francisco, Bisbee.
269 Dominguez, Elivdoro, Bisbee.
4065 Cornils, Fred William, Dragoon.
C147 Hernandez, Lucio, Tombstone.
3564 Harkln, Joseph H, Douglas.
1141 Kern, R. R., Bisbee.
1314 Paso, Zeko, Bisbee.
1688 Junlter, John, Bisbee.
335 Gomez, Eduardo, Bisbee.
4960 Gallegos, Anastrio, Lowell.
5230 Lethinen, John, LowelL
5041 Ortez, Juan, Lowell
3742 Yanes. Pedro, Douglas.
4956 Garcia, Jesus, LowelL
2376 Eagle, John, Douglas.
4732 Xikolich, Luka, LowelL
1007 Espinosa, Jose, Bisbee.
6593 Kesteran, Jacob Van, Willcox.
4627 Jurich, Pete, LowelL
2396 Gallego, Manuel, Douglas.
6004 Anaya, Cristobal, Tombstone.
353 Samuel Goldstein, Bisbee.
637 Palaz, Apolino, Bisbee.
4916 Castro, Maximilian R., Lowell.
4440 Saduval, Pablo, Johnson.
2870 Hoyos, Antonio, Douglas.
360 Guiterrez. Ruperto. Bisbee.
6306 Vildosolo, Francisco. Tombstone.
4686 Martinovich, Pero V, Bisbee.
3934 Patrida, Nicacfo, Douglas.
3530 Foster, Robert, Douglas.
356 Gonzales, Trinidad, Bisbee.
6666 Pidilla, Ramon P.. Dos Cabezos
112 Tober, Ciprianb, Benson.
1067 Hughes, Richard. Bisbee.
2116 Salinas, Jesus, Bowie.
679 Ruiz, Francisco, Bisbee.
3096 Torres, Sebastian, Douglas.
2989 Pi hurra. Genaib. Doualas.
5849 Guerrero, Felipe, Paradise.
4214 Jaramillo, Jose, Gleeson.
2303 Anderson, O. W., Douglas.
363 Ginto. Carta Dellor, Bisbee.
4254 Torres, Conception, Gleeson.
1287 Omo, Arsin, Bisbee.
5547 Figueroa, Diego, Pirtleville.
2439 Harmon, Henry Jackson, Doug
las.
4978 IsaacsVm, Eric, Lowell. t
327 GilrqV, Dan, Bisbee.
3916 McKinney, Arthur Talmage,
Douglas. '
5040 Ollila, Torvo, LowelL
2653 Vargas, oJse, Douglas.
664 Rios, Andros, Bisbee.
93 Olgin, Elegorio, Benson.
4223 Marques, Ventura, Gleeson.
1744 Marston. W. R- Hereford.
2462 Lundis, Jack Edmund, Douglas.
4383 Lotyi, Valentine, Johnson.
4557 Flores, Jesus. LowelL '
1355 Roue, Geo., Bisbee.
6309 Villegas, Ysequiel, Tombstone,
5046 Pavlich, Bert, LowelL
j 1221 Maumus, John Axel, Bisbee.
I 1 1 ftn T I Tkn Avcl I) I Vmi t
556 Murphy, John Bisbee.
6241 Paralta, Jorge, Tombstone.
154 Alvarez, Perfecto, Bisbee.
1281 Newton, J. F., Bisbee.
1057 Gregovlch, John G., Bisbee.
5021 Milockovitch, Mike, Lowell.
4926 Davis, Robert, Lowell.
4574 Gruboc, Mike, LowelL
4992 Kasum, Mike, LowelL
5901 Murillo, Ramon, Road Camp.
4195 Duenes, Marclso, Gleeson.
199 Rababadilla. Ramon, Bisbee.
388 Hartwick. Harry D., Bisbee.
4416 Oueves. Francisco, Johnson.
6075 Dominguez, J. U, Tombstone.
4774 Radolovich, Pete. Lowell.
773 Serniceros. Francisco M El
Paso, Texas. ;
4888 Vedolla, Marco, Wilcox.
3858 Irvan, Monty, Douglas.
5675 Mendez, Jacobo, Pirtleville.
3952 Robles, Jesus, Douglas.
5619 Kelley, John, Pirtleville.
5743 Rosas, Enrique, Pirtleville.
25 Speda, Manuel, Apache.
1166 Lansing, Robert, Bisbee.
1712 Llthgard. W. H., Bisbee.
2186 Molina, Juan, Courtland.
4612 James, R, Richard. Lowell.
856 Andreas, Louis Hansen. Bisbee.
3638 McDaniel, A. A, Douglas.
3249 Bryant, Leroy, Douglas.
4394 Morales, Juan, Johnson.
2051 Hollenreider, Max, Bowie.
3107 Valenzuela. Ramon N., Douglas.
4460 Arguelles, Marco, LowelL
576 Molina, Sebastian. Bisbee
2023 Chaires, Amalio, Bowie
2566 Ross, William, Douglas.
5778 Torres, Guadalupe, Pirtleville.
5241 Merle, Frank. Lowell
4371 Hernandez. Candilerlo, Johnson.
1866 Akinson, John, Bisbee.
3701 Silvias. Jose, Douglas.
4448 Ugario. Ygnacio. Johnson.
4640 Krlvokapith. Velko, Lowell.
4197 Encinas, Pedro. Gleeson.
2941 Molino, Amando, Douglas.
2706 Arana, Jose, Douglas
122 Wilford, Harvey Clifford, Benson
5815 Gallegos, Jose, Pearce.
GC.6S Galindo, Ernesto. Douglas. i
222 Craig, Frank L., Bisbee. I
96 Bsifiir. John. Bisbee. i
4239 Romero, Cruz. Gleeson. j
4364 Guerrero. Lucas. Johnson. j
1195 Lucey, Jerry. Bisbee. 1
5736 Rosas. Anacieto, Pirtleville.
736 Santiseban, Carlos, Bisbee.
4714 Morris, Mason Wilson, LowelL
6579 Hester. Roy Webster, Willcox.
4781 Reid. Robert B.. Lowell.
5396 Fritz, Adolfo, Osborn.
2853 Garcia, Jesus, Douglas.
707 Rose. Morirs. Bisbee.
4665 McCabe, James, LowelL
6472 Naniz, Vlctorina, Warren.
3025 Rodriguez, Jose, Douglas.
2987 Perez, Ramon, Douglas.
1151 Kelly, Michael, Bisbee.
3C8 Farcia. Jenario. Bisbee
1698 Kaiser, Edward William, Lowell.
5C93 Contreras, Jesus. Osborn.
930 Caretto. John. Bisbee.
4347 Divishek. Jesse. LowelL
6051 Cesena. Adolfo. Tombstone.
3950 Romero, Salvador. Douglas.
2827 Games. Antonio, Douglas.
3477 Benites, Castilla, Douglas.
919 Boland, John T., Bisbee.
656 Portela, Salvador. Lowell.
1339 Rilovich, Bozo, Eisbee.
1070 Howard, E. I, Bisbee. t
6690 Armstrong, Thomas Solomon,
Douglas. '
1097 Hoidalo. Terente, Bisbee.
5459 Ayala, Sapherine, Pirtleville.
4747 Perish, Michael, Lowell.
5694 Naegle, D. F, Pirtleville.
5554 Fernandez, Jose, Pirtleville.
6582 Hendrickson, Edward Wilcox.
Globe.
5077 Smith. Charles W.. LowelL
2323 Constanto, Nick, Douglas.
221 Carter, Virgil Bayless, Bisbee.
4879 Adams, Frank P., LowelL
6056 Contreras, Jesus, Tombstone.
4503 Ballytaoj, LowelL
292 Encinas. Miguel, Bisbee.
S22 Velezuela, Guillermo, LowelL
6708 Langford, G. ., Sunnyside.
504 Ledesma. Guadalupe, Bisbee.
1064 Gale. James Franklin, Bisbee.
4560 Francis, Martin Joe, Lowell.
3590 King. Jack Eurbridge. Douglas.
1286 Aguitano, Felez, Douglas.
4255 Tarason, Ramon, Gleeson.
6312 Villa, Espitacion, Tombstone.
1510 Yessian, Sebsok, Bisbee.
312 Falcon, Francisco, Bisbee.
6007 Arbayo. Ramon, Tombstone.
4198 Enrique, Marcos, Gleeson.
5680 Melendrez, Francisco. Pirtleville
1284 Orr, John. Bisbee.
4886 Adams, T. E., LowelL
4735 Owens, John C, LowelL
2430 Hernandez, Manuel, Douglas.
1187 Lurlech. Vaso, Bisbee.
1179 Lyons. John, Bisbee.
4605 Hill, Jose S., LowelL
130 Arviso, Rafael, Bisbee.
2546 Aruna, Eblvio, Douglas.
5161 Lopez, Francisco. Tombstone.
168 Alva. Manuel. Bisbee.
5064 Rodrigeuz, Guadalupe, Lowell.
1566 Hajnie, Esaias, Douglas.
1448 1448 User, Marrin, Bisbee.
642 Perazich, Sims, Bisbee..
Following is a list of those register
ed in another district but transferred
to the jurisdiction of the local board:
3543 Gaylord Harvey Arnold, EI
Paso. Texas.
1059 Theron Winfred Hinds, Santa
Cruz, Calif.,,
1045 John Philip Playter, Lob An
geles, Calif.
2675 John Frank Veazey.Manitou.Ky.
55 Howard Judklns, Odessa, Tex.
1813 Thos. E. Colford, New York,
809 W. N. Cunningham, New Y'ork,
530 Charles Anthony Philllips, San
Andreas, Calif.
HOW LONG DOES IT
TAKE TO CHARGE' AH
AUTOMOBILE BATTERY
"The batter man who really knows
bis business," says Mr. Rogers, the loc
al Willard service man, "will never set
definite time for returning a battery
he has taken to charge."
"It is impossible to tell how long a
recharging job will take. A battery
that has been neglected and starved
may take from three to seven days of
cteady charging before it Is back In
working condition again. It may need
a long period of slow-rate charging to
bring the plates back again to a con
dition where even a normal rate of
charge can be applied.
"On the other hand a battery that is
just run down, that perhaps has been
slowly drained by a dash-light for in
stance, and brought in for charging as
soon as it showed signs of weakness
such a battery can be brought up
again to full strength by an overnight
charge.
"An old batter takes longer to re
charge than a new one very frequent
ly. A starved battery takes longer to
recharge than one that has the same
specific gravity that has merely be
come run down through being stored
and forgotten.
'in short so many different elements
enter into the charging of a battery,
that It Is Impossible to tell what that
length of time will be until the read
ing 1290 is actually secured.
"The conscientious workman then.
makes no definite promise of delivery
to the man who brings the battery lor
charging. He can't because he doesn't
know how long it will take. If the
car owner Is wise he will not Insist
upon his battery back at a certain
time. Satisfactory charging cannot
be done on that basis."
Sale of Charming Silk Dresses
At $1.95
Lovely Silk Dresses for
ernoon wear or latreta,
r J ru:. V,l- f
VfCUC UC valine I oiuvg
sale at
Regular $..7.5U Dresses at
Regular $12.00 Dresses at,
Gingham and NetfMl
irri nnrccrc
At One-Half
In this lot are Gingham and Net
Street Dresses, embroidery and lace
trimmed, in colors and plain white.
Wonderful values at One-Half Price.
Wash Goods
Many lovely patterns in Novelty
Voiles and Gabardines, in Sport Dots,
Stripes and Figures, that sell regularly at
75c, 85c and $1.00 per yard.
Extraordinary Sale of Framed Pictures
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday at 25 Percent Off
This indeed is a rare opportunity for the picture lover to secure beautiful framed
pictures at considerably less than the regular price.
' Come Monday and look over our collection of Pictures in the Furniture Department.
There are sure to be some there that -will please you.
(TiPi? FT
Lohman & Wri
CENTRAL THEATRE rl
street and
oatm andj
t"? fin nn'.'l
iu K " ; IVMiv. -V W. i
$14.95
5.UU
. . . ...$6.95 jB't
Price
27c Yd. , .. . At
We'll Start You Righi
t
Put your battery in our hands for a thorough overhauling before
you start on your tour this summer, and we'll return it to you, sound
in every cell, charged to the proper mark, insulation O.K. and ready for
the hardest service you can put up to it.
, While you're getting your car ready, our experts can be getting
your battery ready. And we have a rental battery for your use while
they're doing it.
Sfarf with your battery in good shape and youH find it will re-"
quire mighty little attention except for its regular testing and filling
with water, whether your trip be for a week or for a whole summer..''
We'll start you right.
am
STORAGE
BATTERY l
.iM,
IMA mmwmfr
? v. j 1,1 a fin ij0 fit. . i
ll 1 vuimum
Chi'dren's
SUMMER COATS
One - Half Price
Children's Summer Coats, in sizes from 6
to 1 4 years, in values from $3.75 to $10.00;
made of Black and White Check. Serge and
Gabardine, in plaids, checks and a good assort
ment of plain colors.
LOWELL, ARIZONA
J