WEATHER.
Tuesday and Wednes
day fair, south portion,
increasing cloudiness
innorth portion.
MARKETS.
NEW YORK CITY
Average Price of Cop
per for week ending
September 12, 25.83.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL 20. NO.' 129.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEWTUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 6, 1917.
I
PRICE FIVE CENTS
m
mm
CASUALTIES
ANNOUNCED
INU.S.FORGES
ATTHE FRONT
First Casualty List of Ameri
can Soldiers Is Received in
Country. Men Were Trap
ped, But Fought Valiently.
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IX
FRANCE, Nov. 5 (By the Associated
Press). A small detachment of Amer
ican, infantrymen were attacked in the
front-line- trenches early Saturday
morning by a much superior force of
German shock troops. The Americans
were cut eff from relief by the heavy
barrage in their rear. I They fought
gallantly until overwhelmed, solely by
numbers.
The fighting in the trenches was
hand to hand. . It was brief and fierce
in the extreme.
As a result of the encounter three
Americans were killed and four
wounded. A sergeant and coporal and
10 men were taken prisoner.
Two French soldiers in the trenches
also were killed. The enemy lost
some men but the number is unknown,
as their dead and wounded were
carried off by the retiring Germans.
From the beginning of the engage
ment until the end the Americans
lived up to the traditions of the
American' army, the records, fchowing
the bravery of the detachment and of
individual members.
WASHINGTON. Nov. S.-rAmerican
trooDs raptured by the. Germans in
the trench raid on the morning of 1
November 3 probably were trappedini
their dugouts and forced to surrender
or be blown to pieces with hand
grenades without
chance for their
lives. ,
This Is the only explanation which
cccurs to army officers today, lacking
any details of the fight.
General Pershng's brief report
merely stated that the German artil
lery had dropped a heavy barrage fire
about a sector of the trench cutting
the men off from help. Here is the
official casualty list:
Killed
Private Thomas F. Enright; tes
ter Mrs. Mary lrvin, 6641 Premo
street, Pit'sburg.
Private Jarres B. Gresham; mo
ther, Mr. Alice Dodd, 1001 West
Ohio street, Evansville, Ind.
Private' Merit D. Hay; father,
Hairy D. Hay, Glidden, la.
Wounded
Private John J. Smith, Luding
ton, Mich.
Private Charles J. Hopkins;
brother, James W. Hopkins, Stan
ton, Tex.
Private George L. Box, Altus,
Okla.
Private Homer Givens, Clover
dale, Ala.
Private Charles L. Orr, Lyons,
Kan.
Captured or Missing
Sergt Edgar M. Hallyburton,
Stony Point, N. C.
Corperal Nicholas. L. Mulhall,
Jersey City.
Corpora! Edwin H. Haines,
Wcodward, Okla.
Private Herchel Godfrey, Chi
cago. Private Vernon M. Kendall, Holl,
Okla.
Private William C. Crigsby,
Louiville, Ky.
Private Frank E. McDougal,
Maryville, Mo .
Private Daniel B. Gallagher,
Blockton, Ala.
Private John P. Lester, Tut
wiler, Misa.
Private Harry Langham, Chi
cago. Private Dewey D. Dean, Collins,
la.
Private Keckon; cannot
be identified.
The list was accompanied by tho
following announcement:
"The war department has received
a dispatch from the commanding gen
eral of the American expeditionary
forces which state that before day-
.. I. , j !
litrht November 3
a Salient OCCUplea j
for instruction by a company or
American infantry was raided by Ger-j
mans. The enemy put down a heavy j
barrage, cutting off the salient from
h rest nf the line. Our losses were,
three killed, five wounded and twelve!
captured or missing. The enemy s
losses are not known. One wounded
German was taken prisoner."
Gas
! ' (By Review Leased Wire.)
AMSTERDAM. Nov. 5. Accord-
I Ing to the correspondent at Gorlzia ;
I of the Budapest newspaper Pesti- i
Hierlap, the Austrians made their ;
J attack upon Gorizia with a new j
' poisonous g?s. the invention of a '
', Viennese professor.
5 The rain which fell during the ',
't attack, it is explained, kept the '
' fumes close to the ground and ;
' rendered the Italian masks useless ',
5 against the new invention, which,
the correspondent declares, is 100
times stronger and more deadly
than the gas used in former at- )
tacks on the same front.
ASSISTANT POST
I
R. A. Clampitt, Until Novem
ber 1, Assistant Postmaster,
, Held, Is Charged With Em- j
bezzling Over Five Thou
sand Dollars.
R. A. Clampitt, assistant postmaster
of Bisbee for nearly 18 months and
until November 1, is under arrest,
charged with the embezzlement of an
amount over 15,000. Clampitt "was
taken to Tucson last evening by De
puty United States Marshal James
McDonald. No arrangements have
been made for bail for the prisoner.
It became known last Saturday night
that a shortage existed in CUwpitt's
accounts wiUi the local postotflce. In
formation was filed against him and
a warrant sworn to. It was not until
Sunday afternoon, however, that he
was brought into Bisbee by Kight
Sergeant J. A. Kempton of Bisbee.
On the night of October 31 Clampitt
checked out his accounts to hi3 t-uc
cessor. On the same r.i!:ht he left
for Tucson in an automobile. Accord
ing to uiampm s statement ne staru-u
for Tucson to put the matter of the
shortage before the proper authorities
He returned to Bisbee Oie following
day and on Saturday sent to Bisbee
asking that one of the investigators
come to some claims west of the city.
The investigator went to the mining
property, accompanied by Deputy Mc
Donald. Clampitt. they were told, was
not at the camp. Sunday, however,
Kempton went to the camp and ac
companied Clampitt back to Bisbee.
Considerable wonderment is express
ed over the shortage In the accounts
of Clampitt. It is supposed, that the
largest part, if not all, of the defal
cation took place during the last few
days of Clampitt's tenure of office.
What he could have done with the
money is puzzling the officers. Clam
pitt is silent on this subject.
Last night, before Clampitt was tak
en to Tucson, he refused to i.iak? any
definite statement regarding his ar
rest and the charges connected with
the cese.
He declares, liovover, that lie would
deny the icrus-.ition before the pr.
per authorities. He acknowledged
knowing about the shortage and also
isad be knew the exact amount there
of. He would not say how much it
was. He declares he is without momjr.
Postoffice Inspector C. F. DuttJn Is
in Bit-hee invest igating the n?e. He
wruld i-iiikc no statement regarding
it in any r articular. Postmaster L.
R-Bailey was equally reticent.
Western Owners
of Mine Protest
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5. Toai op
erators of Colorado, Wyoming and
I tab today presented to the priority
committee of the war industries hoard
a request for a. full car supp-y for
mines In those states to meet urgent
fuel requirement, both for industrial
tnd domestic usj In the interwoun
taii) section.
Fuel stocks in Oregon, Washington,
California, Nevada, Idha Utah, New
Mexico. Wvomine and Colorado, the
operators told the commission, have
fallen to the danger point, while mines
, ,l. I i.,t.. tl.o.a
in llie ruai reciUJli putijuj u.-.-u
states are wonting oniy irom u au
per cent of capacity because of an in-U
adequate car supply.
MASTER
AGING
SERIOUS CHARGES
Chairman Shaeffer of the car servicejheir cause would carry while
commission of tne American itauway
association, after a conference with
tho operators, stated that the situation
would be given careful consideration.
ELECTION IN
NEW YORK IS
DOMINATING
EVENT OF Dfflf
War Issues Entangled in Four
Cornered Fight for the May
oralty in New York. Mayor
Mitchel Favored.
lEy Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK. Nov. 5. One of fee
bitterest political campaigns in this
city's history came to a close tonight
with the eyes of the nation looking to
ward New York because two of the
four candidates for 'mayor have inject
ed war issues which make .he out
c'ome of tomorrow's election transcend
in interest the usual local controvers-1
ies. !
Mayor John Purroy Mitchell, fusion
candidate for re-e'.eetiou, has to a '
j large extent subordinated his light
i against Tammany Hail by asserting)
i pro-German influences were working
to control the election and declaring
himself in comple:e sympathy with;
President Wilson's policies.
Pacificist Candidate
M'jris HUlquit, socialist, has cam
paigned openly as a peace advocate.
He said frankly that his election must
be construed as a mandate to the fed
eral government to tart negotiations
to terminate the war.
John F. Hylan, democratic candidate.
who has the support of Tammany Hall
and the newspapers of William R.
Hearst, has disregarded war issues as
campaign material except that he has
resented imputations against his loy
alty and has based his fight on attacks
on the Mitchell regime.
War Time Election.
The unique political situation in
which the metropolis finds itself on
the eve of Its first war-time election
inmany years was frankly puzzling to
night even to veteran can:paigneis.
Counting the soldier votes, abroad and
at many camps and cantonments in
America, 1; is predicted that approxi
mately 500,000 ballots will be cast It
was conceded that those of the men
under arms, estimated at 60,000 migiu
swing the election.
. Hillquit Barred.
Three tf the candidates devoted a
period of campaigning at Camp Upton,
where many of New York's citizens
are training for service abroad. Hill
quit was barred from speaking there,
the military authorities holding that
utterances "in opposition to the war"
should not be permitted to be heard
by the soldiers.
Pre-electi'jn predictions or victory
were made at the headquarters of all
four candidates tonight, but the situa
tion was generally conceded so uncer
tain that these statements were re
garded as having been issued for what
effect they might have on the voters
and because such predictions are cus
tomary. IN NEW MEXICO
SANTA FE. N. M, Nov. 5. "Only
over-confidence, on tho part of prohi
bition voters can defeat the prohibi
tory amendment -tomorrow," was the
summary tonight of Rev. R. E. Farley,
secretary of the state prohibition com
mittee of the campaign to make New
Mexico dry at a special state-wide
election tomorrow. If the amendment
carries the state will become dry Oc
tober 1, 1918.
In addition to the prohibition amend
ment, the voters will pass upon an
amendment creating the nirth judicial
district out of the counties of Quay.
Curry, Roosevelt and De Baca, and on
another amendment providing that'
tax levies in any year shall not pro-j
duce more than 5 per cent in excess i
of the production in the precedingj
year without the consent of the tax
comro,isslon.
SUFFRAGE AND PROHIBITION
COLUUMBUS O.. Nov. 5. State
wide prohibition and presidential wo
man suffrage are questions to be de
cided by Ohio voters at tomorrow's
election.
Tonight marked the close of one of
the hardest fought campaigns the
state has ever witnessed, and predic-
t.l
. uirnn wric uuilttriutiv lit"- Ilt-nin-l cia.
nor tirys woum carry me eiecuon oyi
big majority. ,
Suffracists exoressed belief
that
anti
suffragists predicted f hnt the Issue
would be defeated by from 125.0C0 to,
17c nnn
Both Issues have been twice defeat
ed by Ohio voters.
G9MT
TO COfMPT
TEH PER CENT
ALL COAL
Fuel Administration Wants
"Spot Coal" With Which to!
Relieve Any Emergency
Needs That
jVtigh Arise..
(By Review
WASHINGTON,
Leased Wire.)
Nov. 5. An order"
requisitioning for
the government 10
per cent or the output of virtually ev
ery coal mine in this county will be
issued by the fuel
dministration prob
ably tomorrow. The coal will be dis
tributed by the government to meoi
emergency requirements wLa.'cver
they arise.
Consumption is keeping, pace r,o
closely with production that many
parts of the country are feeling the
pinch of a coal shortage. Industries
essential to the public welfare in many
cities face the prospect of closing
dowu and thousands of lions.;!iol;!er?
have found it impossible uuri-h.t.se
a winter's supply of fuel.
Want "Spot Coal.
The fuel administration has met the j
situation as best it could by ordering
individual mines to supply emergency
needs, but it has been decid3'l tnat a
government pile of "spot coal" will
best serve the puro.se. Opera ;ors will
be directed to trim contracts generally
to furnish the 10 per ceut desirtd. It
is likely that instructions will acc'j.n
pany the order directing producers to
reduce first the contracts of concerns
whose output is not ekquired either for
war purposes or Tor domestic require
ments. Within a short time the ruel ad
ministration will classify all industries
tn the order of fheir importance and
will direct that they be supplied with
c'jal according to their classification.
Essential industries and householders
will be classed under the beading "A"
and others will be rated as, in the opin
ion of the government, they should be
supplied.
Coke Prices Next
An early revision of coke prices was
forecast today wnen Warren S. Blati
veit of Detroit, was named as a special
assistant to Fuel Administrator Gar
field in charge of coke. Coke now is
selling at prices fixed in the steel price
agreement made recently by steel pro
ducers with the war industries board.
The fuel administration has received
from the federal trade commission es
timates on the cost of producing fue'
oil and gasoline and will announce
soon the measure of control int will as
sume "over all production and distribu
tion. ROBBERS LEAVE
NO CLUE ASTER
1
L
(By Review Leased Wire.)
DOUGLAS, Nov. 5. Officers on both
sides of the line tonight are searching
for two men, an American and a Mex
ican, who early this morning held upi
and robbed Antonio Peralta, 'Mexican j
stamp agent or Agua PrlMa, just
across the border from here, of $19.
000 in gold coin. The robbsry took
place shortly after 6 o'clock on the
main business street of Douglas.
There were only a few persons on the
street at that hour and the highway
men vanished before Peralta or the
man who was with him could summon
the police. No clew was left by the
robbers, and although they were un
masked, the stamp agent is unable to
give a good description of them.
Peralta placed the gold in sacks at
his office in Agtia Prieta and In com
pany with a trusted employe started
for Douglas in a carriage, with the
intention of sending the money by
express to Nogales, Sonora. Three
blocks this side of the Internationa
boundary they were approached by the
two robbers and ordered to halt, and
after doing so were attacked. Peralta
wes stunned by a blow over the hesd
with the butt of a revolver, while the
man with him was severely beaten.
The robbery was reported to officers!
at Douglas and at Agua Prieti within
half an hour after it took place, hut
they have been unnble to find a truce
of the men. Peralta sivs the voices,
or the two men gave evidence of theirj
nationality.
or
MAKING BIC HAU
11 WED IS
POWER, COURT
HOLDS, OFTHE
MISSiOti
Supreme Court Declares Un
constitutional an Ordinance
Of Louisville, Kentucky,
Prescribing Color Restric
tions. (By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5. The tu
preme cour; held today thai the in
terstate commerce commission has
jractically unlimited powers to Insecti
gale rhe activities and expenditures
of railroairs.
Tme decision was rendered in the
case of President .Milton H. Smith and
other 'officials of Louisville and Nsh
ville railroad who contester the com
mission's au:hority to require them to
answer questions regarding that com
pany's politicad activities and contri
butions. The court decided that a car
rier !has the right to mould or en
lighten public opinion but that its con
duct is open :o inquiry.
First Definition.
The opinion is the first definition
of the wide powers conferred on the
commission by congress 'in 1910, which
the railroads have always denied. It
I: declared flatly that the invesilgat
nng and supervising powers of the
commission extend to all activities of
the carriers and to all sums expended
by them "which, could affect ttin any
way their benefit or burden as a-ieat?
of the public."
"I : is not far from arue it maybe it
is entirely true, as said by the com
mission," the court said, "that trere
can be nothing private or confidental
In the activities and expenditures of a
carrier engaged in interstate cor.i
merce." Cause of Case.
Instituted by the commission last year
in response to a senate resolution in
troduced by Senator Lea of Tennessee
into the Louisville & Nashville's alleg
other carroers. and its efforts to affect
public 'opinion relative to late reduc
tions. The railroad officials refused to
reply to certain questions, claiming the
commission's powers were statutory
and did not extend to such investiga
tions. The lower court, at the com
mission's request, ordered them lo ar
rest, whereup'on they appealed.
PICTURED BEFORE
T
Witnesses From Scene of Ne
gro Soldier Riots In Texas
City Give Testimony Before
Army's Court MartiaL
(By Review Leased Wire).
SAN ANTONIO. Tex., Nov. 5. How
negroes of the Twenty-fourth infantry
shot down persons in the streets, fired
Into their houses, and In one instance
aimed deliberately at a member of a
family who were on their front'porch
on the night, of August 23 last, was
told this afternoon by HoustVm civil
ians at the court martial trial of sixty
three negroes chaiged with mutiny,
murder and rioting.
William Drucks testified that be
came out on his porch and seeing sol
dicrs marching past, called to a rela
tive to turn on the porch light so he
could see who they were.
"Immediately," Drucks testified, "I
saw three negi'j soldiers drop on their
knees and fire. One shot blew my
arm off." He held up the stump.
Standing beside bim on the porch,
Druks testified, tstood Fred Winkler,
his half brother, who was killed. The
wit net s estimated there were eighty
five or 100 negroes. He said more
than a dozen shots were fired Into
bis home.
Miss Mary Winkler described the
shooting which resulted in the
death of 'one brother and the wound
ir.g of the other.
Several other witnesses offered tes
timony of a similar nature.
When court recessed tonight until
tomorrow it was said there were more
than one hundred witnesses from
Houston yet to testify.
HUSTON
RIOTS
COUR
MARTIAL
Progress
"The negotiation between the
prfsident's labor commission and
the operators are progressing most
satiFf.cc orily," was ti character
ization irade fcy Felix Frankfurter
of progress made by the aJjor
roiiuiiission. headed by Secretary of
I.abr.r W. It. Wilson, which is vis
itli.. the Warren district.
"Yo'i cyn sa for the commission
that ever) thing is tine and that the
ommlssion leae for San Fran
cisco Wednesday morning." he con
tinued. The operators would make
no statement.
Judging from the foregoing, it
would be reasonable to conclude
that an agreement has - been
reached by the various interested
parties and that it will, undoubted
ly, be signed by both today.
GERMANS FIGHT
FRENCH EFFORTS
III rllKlir flnrfll 1 1
I U I UllUL rillLHlj
Though Huns Retired From
Chemin des Dames There Is
No Let Up in Their Artillery
Fire Against Allied Posi
tions. FRENCH FRONT IN FItENCE, Nov.
3 (By the Associated Press). The
Germans still bold the northern slope
of the valley of the Aillett after their
retreat from the Chemin des Dames,
of which nothing remains but the his
toric name and its dominating position
over the marshy lowlands. The famous
IfftTo vlvor ti-hnaa onrfre mirsA ihei
correspondent was able to follow on!"
i . ... .
Sunday as it meandered through the
leggy undergrowth, would scarcely be
worth marking on an ordinary map,
as Its greatest breadth i3 only about
6 '
. 1. I rrk. rAn.A I, .1 ,-r.
made many passages over the s.rcam. I jeyeJ tJ,e
all of which were destroyed when themans anJ AuKtro.HuCgarian3 woui(1
last man of their repeating forces attempt to wmm along the
went over.
French patrols everywhere reached
the southern bank, but whenever they
attempted to attain the other side
Ithey were met with a muderous ma-j
thine gun fire. The whole southern j
slope of the valley was swept hour,
at.er hour on Sunday with German
sbells or an caimers. most of nanuers continue to carry out raiding
charged with noxious gases. Every! operations successfully against tli
place where the Germans believed the Germans and to bombard heavily th
French were concentrating received enmy positions at various points, with
.-ontinuous fusillades, which, however. !tne Germans replying actively in the
did little damage. Several thousand gector between the Houtholst wood
projectiles were fired by the German i ftDd the Cominea-Ypres canal. Bom-
artillery in the course of tne day in
this sector, most of which apparently
were fired at very long range and
struck without exploding.
Country in Ruins
The correspondent approached the!Brili,th in "outheni Palestine, and by
front lines and a splendid view could
be obtained right along the valley and
over the ground for the possession of
which the German crown prince's
army had spilled so much blood.
QMtllilKrlir a ahurt HlKtAflpA SWflV. well
. , . . . . . ..v,.,,o,i
machine gun range, could be observed;
. ... ... , ,....,
the ruins of the villages of l hamou-
ville, Neuvllle, Chermixy, Bouconville
and Vauclerc, while along the crest
of the plateau could be discerned here
and there faint traces of what onco
had been Chemin des Dames, now a
mere collection of deep shell craters
running Into each other.
Gaping Tunnels
Below the road on the northern side
. M i lulu, u v iu iiatiinuii urauiiua urn
the gaping mouths of great tunne'siof comn,uni.y service
opened, showing where the crmmn.
had concentrated and sheltered the.row d
troops, erjr .iht damgae had n nation-wide campaign
done these shelters except in cases r
where the tober. sustaining the rfsj Pm ,3.750.000. Th
and sides had been sprinkled w ,
petrol and set afire, sometimes cu-; nd wholesome environment for
ing the earth to collapse. enHgted mea , ,he communitl,s
Mud and Mud adjacent to training camps and army
Marching over the battlefield atop posts.
this plateau, it was easy to visualize j
the terrific nature of the fighting;
which has been going on these manyj TANKS IN PALESTINE
months. Both the German and French j (By Review L?aM WlreJ.
trenches and positions had been; LONDON. Nov. 5 The Reuter cor
shelled out of all shape, and it was j respondent at British headquarters in
difficult to understand how the troops j Palestine describing the recent at
held on under the incessant bom-'tacks on Gaza, saya that tanks par
hardments. There was not an inch or ticlpated, adding:
'ground that had not been pulverized.
and now, with the heavy autumn mists y at home amid the shifty sands, but
and frequent rains, the ground has nevertheless nosed their way into the
been formed info a stick mass, pro-1 enemy lines with pachydermatous In
gress through which Is really a form difference to machine and rifle fire,
of punishment. The great mounds. jThey lumbered over entanglements
known as Casemates and Ca'ifornla and parapets of trenches. Th moon
plateaux, stand out boldly, making the' light exaggerating tfcelr huge bulk,
reason plain why both sides fought the Turks must have regarded theta
so obstinately for their possession. as veritable sons of Eblis."
FACES ITALY
FROM HUN
Huns Succeed In Pushing
Across the Tagliamentc
River at One or Two Points.
Artillery Active in Flanders
Salient.
The Austro-Cerman forces operating
against the Italians along the Tag
liamento river from the region of the
atic sea are Provin Krius menace.
The invaders of Venetia have driven
their way across the river at Pinrano
and ere proceeding westward, while
to the north, on the Italian left wine.
! intensive operations are being car
ried cut by the Temonh: allies, the
two moneuvers proi.ibiy having a)
i heir objective th.. cutting off of the
entire right wing of Ceneral Cador
na s army.
Berlin C a:mr Guns.
The Berlin war office In its an
nouncement of the fording of the river
says, six thousand Italians were made
prisoners and additional guns taken.
The Italian official communication
merely says the enemy succeeded in
bringing some of its forces to the
j risht hark of the streun.
There is no indication yet whether
it is the intention of General C'adorna
, to endeavor to maintain the Tazlia-
j niento line, but It Is not iciprobable
i
tint hi. stand here is s tii.-;r;iry ,i!i-.
" " -
lestions of cr---: stre
, are ling prepare! id the re?r.
War Off-ces Silent.
l'.o!. je Rome ant Borlhi war tn'il-
j. ' . , ,.
begun by the enemy, in the Trentma
1 rocmn loot Cf ..rrt. Mrfc I. -.. K
western banks of Lake Garda through
Brescia and out upon the plains be
tween Milan and Verona. In the first,
attempt to break the Italian front in
this region the Teutonic allies were
repulsed.
On French Front,
The British and French trops in
brdments also predominate on the
southern part of the front in France.
Ottoman Defeats.
Two additional defeats of the Ot
toman forces are recorded by the
I u, unii .u me region oi ne
j BIack North of Beersheba
! the British are pressing on towarJ
Gaza. The Russians have driven the
Turks from first line trenches in the
Black sea region and have advanced
at some places to the third line. Large
"
quantities of booty were captured.
Community Fund
Growing Daily
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Nov,. 5. Reports
inntalit Vi A nnilAnAl k.ailiii. r4.. v.
"These leviathians were not entire-
ill USTRQ BLOW TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REViEW,TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 6, 1917.
rr.TTTvh TTTV. .T.T.TT'c tq nvr" , MT?p ICA'S T5TG .TODS
ET
hi
?4
..
4
I
Are Told How ; to' ;Firid
Relief from Pain.
3vashi, N.IL CI am nineteen yeara old ar.d
eve ry month for two years I had. such pains that I
v -odd often faint and have to fcave school. I had
such pain I did not know what to do with myself
ancl tried so many remedies that were of no use.
I read about Lydia E. .Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound in the newspapers and decided to
try iij-aiyi that is how I found relief from
pain and feel so much better than I used to.
"When I hear of any girl suffering
as I did I tell them how Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
helped me." Delixa IIartix,
9 liowers Street, Nashua, X. IL
Lydia E. Knkham's Vegetable Compound,
made from native roots and herbs, contains no
narcotic or harmful drugs, and is, therefore,
THE PERFECTLY SAFE REMEDY
T Aft X X. I Vi J( S ITv vN V," ill fH
- ' M f ' .X. VM "at L
PINKHM'S
If
LYDIA E.
VEGETABLE COMPOUND1
.tttaUUi
LYDIA E.F1KXHAM MEDICINE CO. LYNN. MASS.
:
Very Important Specials For
Todays Selling at
You can save 1-3 to 1-2 on Ribbons and
other needed articles by shopping here
today and all this week.
. Regular 35c Fancy Ribbons on sale for, yard. . .25c
Regular 50c Fancy Ribbons on sale for, yard. . .35c
Regular 65c and 75c Fancy Ribbons for, yard. . .50c
Regular $1.25 and $1.50 Fancy Ribbons, yard 75c
Regular S5c and $1 Fancy Ribbons for, yard. . . .65c
Regular $2 Fancy Ribbons repriced at, yard $1
Chiffon Velvet $3.50
NEVER WAS there a season when Velvets .were so much used for
fashionable suits 'and dreeaos, and -these SG-inr-h Chiffon Velvets are the
finest! and most 'demanded of ail; they are here in the most wanted
color; navy, granite,- black, wisteria, new greens and Burgundy; per
yard $3.50. ' , " .
18 Inch Panne Velvet $1.50
OF 'OURSE, the new dress has been planned and velvet will be ex
tensively used for trimming and the shade to match is required; see if
it is among this long rouge of popular colors: Copenhagen, Alice, Royat,
.Navy and Militarie Blue. Old Rose, Pink, Coral and Red. Wisteria. Pur
ple, Hum, Mulberry, White, Creen, Kelly, Myrtle, Nile and Sage Green,
Orange. Yellow, Tan and new shades of Brown; 18 inches wide; per
yard, $1.50.
21 Inch Velveteens 85c
FOR THOSE WHO admire the rich, lustrous appearance of Velvet for
a dress, but feel that they cannot afford the price, we have these splen
did quality Velveteens; they are quite as satisfactory in the service they
Five and the cost is only a. fractional part of the price of velvet; 18 in
ches vide; per yard, 85:. Every wanted color is represented.
Linoleum Rem
nants, 65c &$ 1.50
These are the final clean-up
prices for Linoleum Remnants. A
Quality Printed Linoleums -at 65c
por square yard. And Armstrong's
Best Quality Inlaid Linoleum for
$1.50 per square yard. There isn't
an unlimited range of patterns to
choose from and the yardage is al
most as limited as the number of
patterns, too, so if interested, you
had better come early tomorrow
morning, for it will be a long time
before you will have an equal
chance to save
mm
VlUTo$20
SUITS
MADE
TO
ORDER
Remember, these suits
are made from genuine
$25 materials.
Every thread guaran
teed Strictly All Wool
with a satisfactory fit or
your money back.'
WE WAKE A SPECIALTY OF
LADIES' ALTERATIONS.
D. H. Evans
BREWERY GULCH
Opposite Uncle ' Jim's
REV'EW WANT ADS
BRING QUICK RESULTS
Pocketbooks
. 98c
Values to
$30 for
-NO! SSc wouldn't buy much of
a purj if it represented the true
value 'cf the pocketbook. hut in
this assortment there are values
ranging up to $:(.!0. They repre
sent a special purchase, coining to
us at fraction of fieir true, worth
and wf pads Ciem on to you .at
the same saving. Many styles to
choose from in iill wanted leathers:
Morocco, , Pressed Calf, Walrus,
Pin Seal, etc., fitted with coin
purse and mirror.
Deafness Cannot, Be Cured
r local applleatli-ni. aa they cannot reach
the diaraavd portion of the ear. There la
only one way to cure deafneaa, and that la
by .-onytltutlonM rpmcaiea. Deafneaa ia
caused i.r an In named condition of the mu
coua lining of the Eustachian Tube. When
this tube ia In turned you have a rambling
aound or Imperfect bearing, and when It ia
entirely cloaed. Deafnraa ia the reault. and
en Ira the inflammation can be token out
and thia tube reatored to ita normal condi
tion, bearing will be deatroyed forever; nino
caaea out of ten are caused by Catarrh.,
which ia nothing but an inflamed condition)
cf the mucoua aurfaeea.
We will give One Hundred Dollars for any
case of Deafness (caua-d by catarrh) that
cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.
6end f rr circulars, free.
F. J.iCHENEV CO.. Toledo. Ohio.
Sold by Drugelats. "a-.
Take Hall a Family Pllia to: co.iatlpaUoa.
I . J. B. "1
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
-
L'nluatiiufc Ajitrkau grain ship into barges at an English port.
Gun Is Found
by the Officers
WOMAN GIVEN HEARING
(By Review Leased Wire.) j
DALLAS, Tex., Nov. 5. Mrs.
Katherine Traverse, held on a murder:
FRENCH OFFICER DIES.
WASHINGTON7, Nov. 5. Lieutenant
Lcuis Brunelet, the young French of
ficer who died of pneumonia at a ho-
jccarge in connection with the killing itel btjre today, will be buried tomor-
According to reports received fromjef Phil E. Tucker, a broker, and the! row with honors at Arlington national
Tombstone, Fred Koch, who tried to wounding of Miss Myrtle Cunningham,; cemetery. Lieutenant Brunelet was an
rob the First National Bank of Tomb-jwas given a preliminary hearing today -officer of the Eiphty-fifth heavy arttl
stone on Friday, has not made anyinnd remanded to jail without bond lery and participated in most of the
additional statements to the officers. ) pending action of the grand jury. This , important battles of the war with a
No charge has yet been made against! was done on the testimony of Will; battery of 75's.
him. hilt will h Within the next daVlMnffif whn aaA tr.rp A hnura hufnro - I
or so. The delay was caused pendinR tbe shooting Mrs. Traverse told him
the ou'eome of the wounds of Cashier, fat if Tucker and Miss Cunningham
T. R. Brandt. If the federal grand, did not get out of town in two hours
jury at Tucson should see fit, theyjshe would kill them. Mrs. Traverse
could indict him on several charges. jrsserted Tucker was to marry her,
The gun, which is a .41 army model,! rut that she did not intend to shoot,
which he threw away when approach- Miss Cunningham. The latter is hov-i
ed by the arresting officers shortly tering between life and death,
after the shooting, was found yester-
day afternoon and is now in the pos-i EAST FLANDERS "FINED."
session of the sheriff. There are five' (By Review Leased Wire.) j
unused cartridges still in the cham-l LONDON, Nov. 5. A dispatch to;
ber and one exploded shell, the onelthe Exchange Telegraph from Amster-
which did the work.
US
help you plan your
house. Make you draw
ings of it and help you
in any way we can. We
have a regular architect
in connection who will
do this for you.
The best of material
and the best of service.
Gibson -Hines
Lumber Co
J.W.F.Smiti,Mgr. PboneSS
J
MOTHER'S FRIEiiD
FOR
Expectant Hofhars
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE. & COAL CO.
Warehouse c Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
RELIEVES STRAIN
r I 11 rr nr a mirv
I KJ. JV. LiVE.lt I AviU
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
From Gleeson itdam says that, according to a frontier Opposite Depot. Ambulance
is learned that he left there about
'two week's ago following an alterca
jtion between himself and B. A. Taylor,
I for whom he was working in the mov
1 ing picture show. He was connected
! with the disappearance of some mon-
j ev from the receipts and was ouste-.l. ber 1
For several days, his suspicious acts
about the town aroused the local peo
ple and he was to'.d by Constable Gib
eon to move on. He went to the
r?noh ;of George Williams, about five
miles put of Gleeson, toward Tomb
stone, where he worked until Thurs
dny. when he told the owner' that he
wanted to come to Tombstone. Wil
liams said he appeared highly strung
and nervous, and fearing trouble be
gave him $2, since he was broke. This
was the last he saw of him.
correspondent, the German authorities
in Belgium have imposed a fine of ten
million francs upon the province of
East Flanders because it failed to
place forty thousand laborers at the
disposal of the Garmeans by Novera-
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patron ago
PHONE 58
WATKINS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
The FlALLIvtARX Stow
.TEVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
Italians Kill
Germrn General
(By Review Leased Wlr.
ROME. Nov. E. Two Italian carbi
neers fired Into the automobile of the
general commanding the third army
corps of Brandenburg while it was in
the suburbs t)f Udine, October 28. The
general was killed and his aide was
desperately .wounded and made prisoner.
2c-Arizona OiI--2c
PAY 2c A 6HARE NOW. AND 2c WHEN OIL IS STRUCK
a
Subscription Books Open on a Limited Allotment of 250,000 Shares
. (Permit Issued by Arizona Corporation Commissicr)
ARIZONA OIL AND REFINING COMPANY
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
H. H. Major,, real estate operator, Phoenix, president; A. E. Edwards,
cil expert, vice president;- M. Croft, expert accountant, secretary;
David F. J?hnson,. Arizona state treasurer, director; H. G. Richardson,
csun-y aUorrey of Final county, director.
Contrcls 6'Q acres in the Chino Valley Oil Fields, 160 of which
adjoins the first d' Geo very well. The Chino Valley fields, which have .
been reported on by 'such well known oil experts and geologists as
Eticnne A. Ritter. formerly oil expert of the French government... Pro
position is a fair one. Pay us 2c a share now (par value of the shares
is 1Cc, arid pay us 2c when the company strikes oil in commercial
quantities. . Vou are under no obligations whatsoever to pay the other
2c until thiVcompany strikes oil.
There is today an oil excitement in Arizona, and the bringing in
cf the first well will mean a tremendous boom for Arizona Oil stock.
Write fpr particulars on the new Arizona Oil fields, which is full
of interest. We have also in preparation, and will be ready in a few
days, the first Arizona Oil Map, sent free. Agents wanted.
GENERAL SECURITIES CORPORATION
Rooms 2, 3 and 4, Second Floor, Chamber of Commerce Eldg.
Phoenix, Arizona.
BISBEE OFFICE SASSE'S OR GOLDEN HOTEL
Review Want Ads for Results
I : m
PHONE 29
Cakes mixed with this
Baking Powder can be
successfully baked
while" a Fox Trot is be
ing danced around the
stove. 25c'a pound. '.
Crescent
'ioiible Acting Baking FowiIit.
ili-ii)
ADVISES AGAINST ACTION
(By Review Leased Wire.)
OMAHA, Nov. 5. The Nebraska
livestock ocmniittee of the Nebraska
t3t"7ocd adpiinistration, after an
all-day meet'ng here today to discuss
the new government price on hogs.
I telegraphed Food Admlisfrator Hoov-
!er that the committee would back thai
j government on hog prices, but ad-1
vised against placing a price on cattle,
and sheep.
"We suggest that incrased produc
tion would best be secured by a public
(statement at this time that there will
be' no attempt to nx prices on caitiei
or sheep," said the telegram in part.j
Several farmer members! of the coni-j
mittee insisted that the law of supply,
and demand be permitted to take their J
course in the hog market, as well as i
in that of cattle and sheep.
I
PACIFIST ARRETTED
i (By Review Leased Wire.) j
j CHICAGO, Nov. 5. Theodore H. ;
jLunde. Identified for some time with;
the people's council for democracy j
and terms of peace and treasurer of
the Chicago branch of that organiza-.
t'on, was rresttl here lute tonight!
by federal authorities, charged with aj
-, iolation of tho espionage ad. Tliej
charges agaiiiHt him are 'based on
articles appearing in his publication.!
the People's Councilor. !
III! i ll'jli ill! I i'
-'CT Finhfintr snirir innV 11 1 " V I f I
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate -on
that job on short notice
Telephone 448
A Phone Call Will Bring Us." 1
LOS' ANGELES JUNK SHOP
Higliest Cash Prices Paid For
Metals. Rubber, Rags, Sacks, Bottles,'
Bones, Iron, Hides. Pelts, etc
HOROWITZ BROTHERS. Proorietors
Lowell. Arizona.
j aaajaajaaaaaaajaja
GUARD YOUR
HEALTH!
Use Pasteurized Cream and Milk
At Your Grocers.
I
The Pure Milk Depot,
Johnson Bldg,' Main St
CHICHESTER S PILLS
'I Ath fmr Unaa-a-lM fc A
SUawrl Ulaam7na7V
Mil. la Kr4 aiui tl .14 mruV.
N k4 vita b:. KlWxak vX
Tjka l D.i,rntr V
' 'c". Ak'-ciii- nr.-rtata
Ml.V !! l"tAU riLIAkf M
T" i-i Bnt.SMit.Ahana.eliaua
SOLO PV DBL'GCffTS FVE mmt
Tho
Gov
ernment
is just as
particular
in selection of
foods as it is in
the choice of men.
Fighting spirit, spunk
and strength can't be derived from
poor foodstuffs. Both men and materials must be the best obtainable.
CALUMET powder
has been selected by the Government for
i Army and Navy use.
It has been accepted by the Govern
ment as meeting the critical re-
of strength and general perfection l Kactirrn rIa
in purity and wholcsomeness.
CROWN COUNCIL HELD.
(Uy Review Leased Wire.) j
AMSTERDAM. Nov. 5. Advices ,
from Berlin ty that- a a.tovji council ,
was held today wl'Ii Emperor uiiam
presiding. The council was attended.)
inaddition o the Prussian ministers. J
the inipe: !a! K.tretaries of stae audi
other p'-omineiit pcr.-cmagot. by Fi"ld j
Marv'iil n ii'ndciibur?. Ccnvral '.n
I.'.i lcndorfl. First Quartei iutcr sciiei--!
ai. and otlicis. ' ,
r
t
Calumet Baking Powder proved, by testa,
to be acceptable to the (Vn-mimmt wsurrly
the most acctiuable bukma rvwHr f, hnm
uc llie purest and surest. L'rr the Inkinii
pnwdcr that makes fivd ; lit lo fight on l.t lor
your imiiy lit
grow sua
work
on.
At your
Grocer's
rtynwjaoaw-
eiER THAN CALOMEL
Thousands Hive Discovered Dr.
Edw-auls' Oliva Tablets are
a Harmless Substitute.
Dr. EdwarcbT C!ivc Tdblct3 lis rabrtJ
uto i-x c:!3n;cl crs a nfldl but rere
i.a!:v2, ar.d tttc'x c2xt ca the liver in
r.vyi inotirtanoo-. ThC7 cro the restdt
1 Ur.rJwsrjydc:rrTr.:niL:o:inott3tr:st
.vcv :rd b&vcl cornplc?nt3 rii cdorncL
Ais efforts to banish it brought out tbesa
little civo-cobrcd trHctai
Thc.-e pleasant little tablets do the gnod
th-it calomel docs, but havo no bed aitcr
:fie:ts. Thry don't ir.juro t:ie tscth Lke
strong liqui Js cr caloircL Thty tihe hold
of the trouble ar.d Cjukrkrycorrrct it- Why
cure the liver ct the crpense cf the teetli?
'calomel sometimes plays havoc with tha
gums. So do stronj Lquida. It fa best not
to take ca'.omeL but to let Dr. Edwards'
Olive Tablets the its place
Most headaches, "dullness cr.d Oat
bzy.feelinc? come from corotipaticn and
a disordered liver. Take Dr." Edwards'
Olive Tablets whtn you feel "loggy" and
"heavy." Note h?w they "clear' .clouded
brain and how they "perk np" the spirits.
10c and 23c a box. All druggists.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULT THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 6, 1917.
THREE
I
1
MANY SOLDIERS QF
CALLES KILLED IN
YAQW INDIAN ROW
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NOG ALES, Ariz., Nov. 5. One hun
dred and Dfty Mexicans and about iifty
Yaquis have been killed during the last
tew days in the campaign against the
Indians being waged in the mountains
south of Sauqui Grande, according to
word reaching Nogales today. Hospit
als in Hermosillo. Guaymas and Ala
mos are said n be receiving many
wounded Mexican soldiers.
The Mexican garrison at Nogales, So
noifL, has been sent south to join
troops under General Torres in the
campaign.
All Idle men in Nogales were press
ed into the military service to accom
pany the soldiers, while a number of
Mexicans employed here went aci'oss
the line to join the expedition.
It was reported here that help was
also being sent from northern Sonora
to the troops of General Callos. who
lias a force enlaced ag;iinst the Yaquis
in the vicinity of Iji Colorada. and
, Sauqui Grande. I: was reported that
1 General Arnul.'j Gomez, In charge of a
detachment of the C'utles forces, was
tihot through the lungs in a skirmish
south of La Colorada and had been
taken to a farmhouse when the main
: body of troops was defending its posi
tion against the Yaquis.
The Yaqui leaders, Mori Mattas and
Chavez, are reported to have sta.ed
t they would harm r.M one but Mexican
soldiers. They have not molested
American miners nor interfered with
, train operation.
; UNDER ARREST
i Frank Gsssaway. proprietor of the
; Miami Drug company, was arrested on
ia charge of selling intoxicating bever
lages. The specific allegation placed
; against Gassawny is that he has been
iRelling Jamaica ginger and Marathon
tonic. The latter is said lo contain a
high percentage of alcohol. Gassaway
was & formfr resident of liisbpe and
at one time was employed at the Cen
tral pharmacy.
r
(GLASSES
That will save your eyes and guaranteed to be accurately fitted.
Relief for weak or tiring eyes, headaches, nervousness, etc. See
Dr. H. A. Schell
On his regular quarterly visit at the Copper Queen Hotel, Wednesday
and Thursday, November 7 and 8. Special attention to children's eyes.
WORTHAM CARNIVAL
OPENS TO BIGGEST
CROWD OF RECORD
One of the larsefct, one of the ciean
est and one of the most up-to-date
carnival organizations on the road to
day, the Wortham Bros." Shows, open
ed a four days' engagement at Lowell
last night, and the hundreds that at
tended the opening pronounce this
organization to be the peer of any
similar amusement enterprise show
ing here in years.
Hundreds of flags were unfurled to
the evening breeze; thousands of
electric lights turned the darkness into
daylight; many small bands played
the latest and most popular airs, and
the brilliantly painted fronts of tho
various tented theatres bespoke of the
mysteries to be seen at the numerous
attractions.
When entering the midway one is
surprised and amazed at the magni
tude of the organization and the great
number of attractions comprising it.
Seldom are seen 18 shows under one
management, and every one of those
1 18 attractions, attractions of merit.
especially Marshall's Happy Days in
j Dixie, Kelly Bros.' Hippodrome and
i Wild Animal Circus, destruction of
.life in the trenches of France, aquatic
j show featuring Josephine Fleming.
late life guard of New York City's
bathing beach: circus side show, with
I curiosities from the four corners of
,tbe earth; monkey 'speedway, where
; tiny monkeys drive racing autos, and
the Arabian Nights, and that big
' crowd last night thoroughly enjoyed
i the performances given at all the
above attractions.
I The Wortham Bros.' Shows are un-
under contract to furnish all amuse
iments at Phoenix next week for the
I state fair, so their stay at Lowell is
! Tor four days only, terminating Thurs
day night.
Yea Can Get 5,000 to 1C.0Q0 More Mfcs
out of them by using Gates Half-Sole Tires.
W will put them on for you and change your old tires
into new ones at about one-half the price you .would
have to pay for new tires.
Your tire comes into our plant worn' and scarred
.from service, and we deliver it back to you the same
tire made oversize and with a brand-new non-skid
tread of fresh rubber. Not a, square inch of your old
tire will be in sight, and you will nstbe able to tell it,
from a new tire. .
GAYESTItlES
Arc absolutely guaranteed for 3.500 mile of wear without ft
pmttaw and many user arc a Venning from 6.000 to 10.000 mi left.
You cannot get this kind of guaranteed service from any tire on the
market without paying two or three times the tost of a Gates
alI-Soe Tire. , '
LET US SHOW YOU.
Don't throw away another worn tire until you have Investigated
the Sates Half-Sole. If you are paying the tire bills you will be in
terested and we are ready to show you how to keep in your own
pocket a big part of the cost of new tires and get better tire service
Lian you nave ever bad before. We guarantee It.
LOWELL MOTOR CO.
NOTED PHYSICIAN
CONDEMNS INJECTIONS
FOR BLOOD POISON
Elmer Lee, M. D., Editor Health Cul
ture, states: "I have never met with a
case of bl'jod poison that was cured
with injections of arsenic, mercury,
. salversan, (606) neo-salverson, (914)
and the like. Another spurious sys
tem is the 'Wasserman Test.' Many are
the innocent cases which' under this
test are suspected of blood poison and
i subjected to a course of arsenic and
I mercurial treatment that is worse than
1 the disease." Take a safe medicine
' like Number 40 For The Blo'jd, the
i ingredients of which are .set down In
the V. S. Dispensatory and other med
1 ical books as follows: "Employed m
I diseases of the glandular system, in
! blood poison, mercurial and lead pois
oning, scrofula, chromic rheumatism,
catarrh, constipation, stomach and liv
t trouble. Under its use nodes, tu
- ors, scrofulous swellings, sores, . ul-t.-r3
and skin eruptions that have with
. stood all other treatment disappear as
If by magic." Made by J. C. Menden
hall, 40 years a druggist, Evansville,
Ind.
S'jld exclusively in Bisbee at Central
Pharmacy, opposite Orpheurn, in Lo
well by Lowell Drug Co., in Douglas by
I Owl Drug Co. Adv.
1
III: 'i iSil
WATER
HE A TING
BY
GAS
L
The process of heating water for domestic purposes has been rev
1 olutionized in the past few years through the introduction and
perfection of gas fired water heaters, until today it is no longer a
a problem to secure an abundance of hot water quickly and econo
mically, in any dwelling, large or smalL
Today, in the countless thousands of homes where gas fired water heaters are in
stalled, an abundance of hot water is available for any purpose. By some types of heat
ers the water is heated instantly at the turn of a faucet, by others, within a few min
utes after lighting the heaters, and all without labor, inconvenience or discomfort, md
at a reasonable cost for gas.
LET US SHOW YOU
Bisbee Improvement Co,
C I GARETTE S
of IMPORTED ani DOMESTIC
tobaccos Blended
Try. w
Here's a mild
1 r'n
m U li "
iv i AY li
m& Mm
cigarette that "Satisfies"!
THIS Ch.esterfield Cigarette
pleases the taste and then
goes further. It does for smokers
the one thing they've always wished
a cigarette would do ,
Chesterfields let you know you
are smoking they "Satisfy"!
' Yeit they're Mild!
The new blend of pure, natural
Imported and Domestic tobaccos
that's what does it. And the
blend can't be copied.
Proof? Try Chesterfields today.
Wrapped in
Tin Foil-
. keeps them
Fresh
and uetmcyte Mut(,
i
BLESSINGTON GIVES
CHALK TALK BEFORE
THE LOCAL SCHOOLS
Bert Blessington, staff cartoonist for
the El Paso Morning Times, who has
been in this city for the past several
days on an editorial assignment, en
tertained the pupils of the Bisbee Cen
tral school for more than an hour yes-'
terday aftemc'jn with illustrations,
cartoons and blackboard chatter. Sev
eral hundred pupils of the institution
laughed throughout the period of his
entertainment. Funny cartoons, orig
inal ideas and expressions marked the
exhibition, which was given with the
compliments of Blessington's paper.
Today Blessingfjn will appear be
fore the schools of Bisbee and Lowell.
In the morning he will be the guest of
the Bisbee high school where he will
give an instructive and educational
talk on cartooning, illustrations and
similar chalk chatter. Later he will
be presented to the pupils of the Lo
well grammar scho'jl where he will re
peat the program given at the Bisbee
grammar school.
Miss Fitzgerald, a teacher and story
teller of the Central school, assisted
Blessington in the first part of his pron Ww Ic fririrl TItyio i
gram yesterday afternoon. She gavel A1U W. 15 . UOOU 1 lm"
a reading from O. Henry, Blessipgton I ; ' . . ; T T VT C 1 I
meantime illustrating the story aa she lO llCal I OUT valarTfl
gave an original reading of comparison lu? weatfter aid treatment.
between Bisbee and Douglas, Blessing- . DoDJ .be ni.sIed nto thinking that
... . .. ... . . your Catarrh is gone. The first touch
ton illustrating this read.ng. .Pictures J wjntef weathr wi bri it Uck
In crayon or President Woodrow Wil-i with an jtJ discomforts.
son, Roosevolt. Taft and other nation- But this is an excellent time to
ally kn'jwn individuals were then plac-j thoroughly cleanse the blood of the
ed on the blackboard. Finally the car- germs of Catarrh, and be forever
rid of the troublesome sprays and
douches that can never cure you.
S. S. S the great blood purifier,
searches out the germs of Catarrh
Dedication of Missouri and New
York monuments in the National Mili
tary park at Vicksburg. Miss., were
features of the national memorial re
union of Confederate and I'nion veterans.
toonist invited the children to the
board and told them to make marks of
any kind. - In a few seconds he had
turned the marks into pictures and
cartoons.
Blessington has been in the Warren
District for several days. He will
make drawings while here of several
l'jcal scenes and men for reproduction
In the EI Paso Times. W ith him is H.
D. Ross. Jr., feature wri'.er for the
same paper, who will give pen sketch-1
es of this district Blessington's car-'
toons and drawings have been a fea-1 The state of Connecticut purchased
ture of the Times for the past two $750,000 Liberty bonds.
years, and his daily news cartoon on Bryan talked loyalty at a meeting of
the first page of theo paper is one of advertising men of New York.
the features in which the public in gen-, 1
eral has become Interested. j
ernnient to sink Argentine ships with
If gold continues to flow from this out leaving a trace might have been
country to Japan, that "yellow perll"all right if the count himself hadn't
will soon assume tangible shape. Heft such a plain "trace."
which infest your blood, and chases
them entirely out of your system. It
is by far the most satisfactory treat
ment for the disease, because it
reaches dowa to its very roots and
gets at the cause. Write to-day for
full information, and expert medical
advice regarding the treatment of
your own case. Take advantage of
this chance to-day. Address Swift
Specific Co- DeoL G Atlanta.
Ga.
Closing Out Odds and
Ends in
TROUSERS
$5 and $6 Values
$2.50
CARO & CO..
20 Brewery Gulch.
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS. FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 6, 1917.
PupIUhed Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Member of the Associated Press The Associated
Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication
of all news credited to It or not otherwise credited in
this paper and also the local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
ffttswd as Second Class Mall Matter at Blsbee, Arizona.
Under Act of March 8, 1879. .
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance
r"R MONTH $ .78
rHREE MONTHS i-6
IX MONTHS : 4.00
rWELVK MONTHS 7.60
b'JNDAV (Oat Weekly) per rear J.50
TTKQAY ,Our Weekly) per quarter 76
Mo Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cants.
PHONE NO. 3a
Review eubscrloers not receiving a copy of The Bisbre
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor if the irregularity of delivery Is reported
to the Circulation Department. .The Messenger, service
applies to Bisbee only.
Tuesday Morning, November 6, 1917.
Bisbee
' The president's industrial commission, here to in
vestigate' and alleviate labor unrest, cannot help hut con
trast conditions here in Bisbee with strikes and crippled
output narrated In the dispatches eveny day from many
different sections of the country. Miners in the coal
fields have defied the president's coal commissioner and
are striking in different points in violation of their recent
agreement Oil field workers are on strike. Shipbuild
ers are threatening another outbreak. Telephone em
ployees are on the verge of a strike that may well tie
up communication on the Pacific coast All these in
dustries affected from a vital part of our industrial mo
bilization to carry on the war.
But here in Bisbee, about which a hundred reports,
rumors and false and malicious stories have been cir
culated since the deportation; the copper output has
crept up to nearly normal and the community is pros
perous, contented and doing Its full hit for home and
country. '-: ' ,
Every aid has been extended to the honorable com
mission by operator, citizen and miner to get at the bot
tom of all the facts in the case. Why not? Our future
looks bright indeed.
If every community in these United States will do
well with its war material output and its liberty boni
sale as Bisbee has done the men who are conducting this
war can go ahead with giant steps.
Marshall Miller, shipping clerk for Phelps Dodge com
pany, called at the Review office yesterday- to protest
against the methods of Bisbee police officers in killing
dogs on the streets. T have seen lately," declared Mr.
Miller, "two dogs half Trilled by officers and left to
6uffer. If these dogs are masterless or a nuisance they
should, it seems to me, be killed in some more decent
and humane way than to be shot or clubbed on the
streets. Last' week a dog was shot In the neck by a po
liceman and got away with a gaping wound and doubtless
crawled off some place to suffer for hours before it died.
This morning a dog was clubbed and left with a fractur
ed skull. It revived after the official left
"I was a member of the humane society in my heme
city back east and I cannot bear to see animals suffer
needless pain. I remember that once Mrs. Nicholas Long
worth, Colonel Roosevelt's daughter; had a standing re
ward of ten dollars for every man arrested for mis
treating a horse. Cruelty to animals became mighty
scarce in Washington.
"I wish the Review would take some stand in the
matter of cruelty to animate In the Warren District."
The Review feels the way Mr. Miller 'does .about this
matter. If a dog is to be killed it should be led away
to some secluded spot and either .shot or chloroformed
in such manner tbst its depth should be instantaneous.
The Arizona State Fair, 1o be held at Phoenix Novem
ber 12-17, promises to be greater than ever this year. No
one should miss it who otn possibly get away for this
week. U Is the time of the Arizona state reunion. The
old state and the new will be represented there. The
co puncher with his roping contests and the autoist and
the inventor and the airman. 'It is' the time and tha
place for the gathering of the clans. Old timers and
Spanish war veterans and Indian, fighters and mine op
erators and pioneer and brand new citizens fresh from
the effete east will meet and mingle and renew old ac
quaintances and make new ones. Then the attractions
offered by the management are of the highest class, the
exhibits will be of supreme interest and the entertain
ment is planned as a continuous affair, day and night
for the week. A state fair is one of the most helpful
institutions within the border of any state, young or old.
No one witli any ambition and sentiment and state prido
and love of pleasure and the beautiful can afford t
miss the Big Week In Phoenix. Atta boy, Arizona, well
all meet in the state capital the middle of the month.
THE GERMAN PROPAGANDA..
"A German propaganda is seeking to sap the s'rength
of this free democracy inspiring the press
here and the press there, building up a gieat concealed
structure of real treason." Elihu Root.
Commenting on the above, William English Walling
says: From the beginning of the war we have centered
our attention chiefly on Germany's efficiency in physi
cal warfare. For a long time there was scarcely a word
in America about her psychological warfare. We even
laughed at the awkward pronunciamento of her 83 spec
tacled professors, "The truth about Germany," declaring
that every word uttered by the kaiser, his generals and
his diplomats was God's own truth. We were vastly
amused at the awkward propaganda efforts of Dernburg,
for example, when he declared that the German govern
ment was as democratic' as the American. We laughed
at Viereck's predictions that congress, responding to the
underground manipulation of German-American Kaiser
ists, would show a considerable pro-German contingent
The predictions came true, however. AU the while the
country was filled with a clamor about th purchase of
the American press by British gold. We knew that not
a single newspaper of aiy consequence In the country
had been so purchased but it was more than a year be
fore we began to realize that the whole clamor about
British gold had merely wh a cloak to hide a syste
matic attempt of the kaiser's 'agents to influence the
pi ess of this country.
Today everybody knows that there is a vastly rami
fied propaganda in America, as in all other countries.
but we are only half awake to its seriousness and its
extent. Elihu Root's statement at the head of this article
falls on our ears as by no means a commonplace. Yet
R should have been a commonplace for many months
past certainly since the von Papen and Boy-Ed expos
ares showed that Bernstorff himself was directing the
propaganda.
Germany's strongest card in the war. her greatest su
periority lies not in her military technique, her tlscl-
pline and organization, but In her ability through a
systematic propaganda planned and t?gun many years
Ho to make use of certain political 'elements. The
e'emenU relied upon sre not from any one class. They
rauge from the lowest to the highest. In one country It
is the monarch whose approval is obtained for German
wn methods and li:nri peace aims; in others the
aristocracy, the capitalists, the workingmen or the .race.
No possibilities are neglected; individuals as well as
groups are worked upon. The corruptible are corrupted,
the timid and frightened, the weak hypnotized by Ger
man power. Cranks and sentimentalists are captu.-t-a
In battalions; all that is necessary fow the German agents
to do in their case is to make a selection from among
their many stock phrases of those which serve German
objects, quietly suppressing those which do rot, and boom
ing those which do. From .a practical point of view
this collossal . Macchiavellian web which enmeshes the
whole world is Germany's most stupendous achievement,
whether in peace or in war.
Rippling Rhymes
(By WALT MASON.)
HAIG
We hear a lot of other men who've
done artistic fighting, but Haig, who's
won, again, again, is unknown at this
writing. He doesn't hand out Haigish
news to eager-eyed reporters, nor yet
submit to interviews which might be
called rip-snorters. He doesn't hunt
the "feature" gent, or leave his post
forsaken, to face a kodak in a tent
and have his picture taken. I know
not I he's short or tall, I've never
seen his photo; but whether he is
large or small, he's getting William's
goat, oh! Some colonels view the hall
of fame and think it El Dorado, but
he who plays the mighty game is al
ways in the shadow. I know not how
te wears his beard, or who may be his
tailor, but more and more bis strokes
are feared, and Wilhelra's growing
paler. I've seen no 'pictures of his
wife, or of his sons and daughters, or
of his ancient home In Fife, beside
some storied waters. The grandstand
looks for him in vain, no gallery haa
known him. but when the Prussians
plan their slain they cuss and bemoan
him. With him theres' no such word
as can't, no obstacles affrighting;
great man! like our own silent Grant
he fights and keeps on fighting.
Says Henry demons, the New York backer: One of
the weak sections of the stock market for some weeks
past has been the public 'Utility issues. The declines in
these must be attributed chiefly to the great expansion
in the operating costs of gas, electric and railway plants;
all of which must pay heavy Increases for oil, coal,
wages, taxes, etc., yet cannot raise their charges In com
pensation because of officials who. are usually governed
by political considerations and seemingly hive little
knowledge of business oroblems. In a few instances sell
ing has been hastened by a desire to invest ir the Li
berty Loan; while in others there is a fear of the rising
tide of socialism and the approach of Government own
ership, which promise to be quite a factor In the coming
election. These influences, however, have probably been
largely discounted. In some of the best light and trac
tion companies the fall has gone beyond all reason;
though that does not mean that values will not drop
to still lower levels while present apprehensions exist.
Government ownership Is not an immediate probability
because public opinion is unprepared for such a step, and
neither national, state nor city governments are in a
position to finance such operations. Moreover, public
management has thus far conspicuously failed to prove
t
its superiority over private management, notwithstand
ing the criticisms which can be applied to the latter. In
many cases, also, public regulation has failed solely be
cause of incapacity of the regulators, and not a few
prime investments have been sold at unnecessary sacri
fices as a result of the failure of Government regulation.
INSURANCE PLAN FOR
SOLDIERS IS GIVEN
SHORT EXPLANATION
A copy of the act of congress, provid
ing lor insurance of soldiers and sail
ors of the United States, has been re
ceived at the office of the insurance de
partment of Arizona. -
- This provision is not to be confused
i.ith the provision for the support of
Jependents while :he man is in the ser
vice. It merely provides a means for
.he man to insure himself for amounts
up to $10,000 at a minimum c'jst The
lerms of the act are far-reaching and
somewhat complicated, but Mrs. F. L.
Banta, chief clerk in the state insur
ance office, gives out the sta:emeht
.hat the department will be glad to
oive information and answer any ques
tions relative to this act
- Some of the provisions of the act are
as fol.'jws:
Insurance against death or to.al per
manent disability is provided by the
Jnited States and made available to
every officer and enlisted man and to
members of the army nurse corps and
IX THIS WORLD OF OURS
s:OIE PEOPLE DIE FROM OVERWORK AND NOT ENOUGH TO EAT.
SOME PEOPLE DIE FROM OVEREATING AND NOT ENOUGH IO DO.
State and County News Briefs
TiP C. AVlt,me discontinues his connection!
A number of prominent horsemen
of the countrv have arrived in Phoe-
navy nurse corps when employed in nis tor the state (ai
active sen-ice under the war and navy j
departments.
County Briefs
with that concern Is to be tested in(
the highest court of the land. Tbej
Arizona Power company of Yavapai The simoa faIr ast Friday and
county, which company was fined 30 ?atarday wig , remarkable exhibit of
In the lower court for failure to pay farm products o all the Bowieites
an employe within the prescribed time report oa returning- home. The ex
and which fine was upheld In the state hibit of farm productg showed some
insurance must De in muiupies . (.iatl.-lhll, f ,i,.,.itiirai im- supreme court, has carried the casel, ,a,ia r -u h-j- f v--.hi...
M. C. Barnard is In the district this week In the in
terest of the great cotton growing plan in the Salt river
valley of Yuma county. He shows a most Interesting
reel of moving pictures of the company's work In this
Arizona valley. They are building up a town there thpt
they call Cotton City, and it may well grow to be on
of the state's important communities. The pictures show
them clearing the mesuite off the desert soil with trac
tion engines. They show the harrows and the plows pre
paring the land for the cotton. They show the cotton
in the bloom and the pickers in the field and the bales
being weighed for shipment.
Wells for water are found under the sand ! this
valley at a depth of forty feet. That this red loam will
grow rich crops every Arizona man' knows who has
planted and irrigated it.
The pictures tell a wouderful story of this in w pro
ject and are well worth he time and trouble to se them.
Mr. Barnard is stopping at the Golden hotel.
$500 and not less than J 1,000, nor more
han $10,000.
Insurance must be granted upon ap
plication t'j, and payment of premium
to, the bureau of War Risk Insurance,
division of Military and Naval Insur
ance, Washington, D. C.
Insurance must be granted without
medical examination.
Insurance must be applied for within
120 days after enlistment and before
discharge or resignation from the ser
vice. Any person in aciive service on or
after the 6th day of April, 1917, is In-
J sured automatically until February 12,
1918, unless he has applied for insur
ance to take effect at an earlier date.
The protection thus given, is against
death and against total permanent dis
ability occuring, while in aciive ser
vice, from April 6, 191", to February
12. 1918. inclusive. ,
Premium rates shall be ' net rates,
based upon the American Experience
Table of Mortality, and SVs per cent In
terest. The cost per thousand at age thirty
is practically eight dollars.
During the period of the war and for
3ve years thereaf:er, unless s'joner
converted, the insurance shall be terfti
insurance for successive terms of one
year each.
For five years after the termination
of the war the insured shafl have the
right to convert this term Insurance
into any of the usual forms of insur
ance at the net premium rate for such
forms of Insurance.-
No medical examination can be re
quired as a condition of converting the
insurance.
Unless the privilege of conversion is
exercised the insurance can not be con
tinued after the expiration of the five
year period.
To carry out the privilege of conver
sion, Ordinary life insurance, 20- pay
ment life insurance, endowment matur
ing at age 62. and other, usual forms of
insurance shall be provided.
Premiums shall not he required for
more than one month in advance and
may be deducted from the pay or de
posit of the insured.
elements and mining machinery, will
soon open a branch of its business in
Phoenix.
At Tucson Mose Drachma n and as
sociates are planning for the erection
cf a new hotel to cost $100,000. The
r.ew hotel. If built, will be near the.
Southern Pacific depot.
to the United States supreme court. frult nd fieId crop9 WM a
; large attendance and a big free bar-
It would have been all the same to becne for the visitors.
Francisco Garcia if he bad been!
hanged. He is dead, anyhow. He was AW
shot and killed Saturday nfternoon. ho,d nnual bazar Tpursdav
about 4 o'clock while trying o escape; KoTOnber , ,t oper, houM.
from a road camp near Clif ton on the evenl vmmwaxton at
Clifton-Solomonville highway. On. , be fan rk
convict did make b.s escape, however , rf
in the excitement, and his absence home.made can(Jy for ,n
was not noted until the pnsoner, , ere
checked In at the camp. Th" be found many useful and practical
about 150 convicts working on the
me . .... ...
Col. W. J. Bryant and wite are vis
iting Mr. Bryant's son at his home in
Tucson." Colonel Bryant was opposed
thin nll.t.ir BTltcrlnff t H U'fl 1 tlllt
VU 1.113 V"U.m, v..- , I , . . ,h ,lmB
since the declaration of congress has "u uu,-r 7; " friety 6f pretty fancy things also.
. , , ..j . .,.MinJrush of the prisoners to escape. Gar-j
Lecu IUJI -.u vw " v.. - iana r.arrla '
the government and doing all possible
to help win victory
QUIET IN OIL STRIKE.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
HOUSTON. Texas, Nov. 3. Quiet
prevailed throughout the Louisiana
and Texas oil fields tonight- Reports
to Brigadier General H. D. Todd, Jr.,
trom tile detachments of soldiers at
the various oil fields stated there was
no disorder. The leading operators
issued statements that they are re
ceiving applications from workers 1
Wishing to return to their Jolm. .The
department of labor is sending George
W. Mnsser of Denver here as a con
ciliutor.
eia's number was 4909. Garcia
under life sentence in the penitentiary j Cochise county can poibly claim
for the murder one night about three; the honor or having the youngest tele
years ago of Charles Harris, a special graph operator In the world, in the
policeman in the service of the Art- son of Operator T. P. McGInnia at
nun Fastern Railroad company. The'Kelton. on the A. E. Master Har-
The Phoenix chamber of commerce
has begun listing rooms for the many
wsiiors wno win oe in me cap.uu had been sentenced to be1 old McGinnis has Just entered his
curing lair wees. ioe putuu r.y.o d b t tne 8etence was com-! seventh year and has been using the
for the month of October are greater I handed but keyg gjnce he w- !x yeaR
than tor any previous month in the,, fc abolished becoIlljng 8 competent op
hlstory of Phoenix, the ' tor the. reform Arjzona ,erator He g,nds nd mess
past 30 days amounting to fl7.10... D a p BRM wh his aunt ho is al0 an
The state council of defense office! A were of federal off ficers reached. operator at San Carlos. Ariz.
. i :i . Tn,Dn QntlirtlaV'
in Phoenix hasn't a single item of tne county j. : rC 'l
nd
ved
ui LI . n pinp... ....... - . - . 4
. , :. t ka Aiirhirst IjeD-: : j w
furniture or equipment that hasn't irom h " - ivm nice, cmcn u . ... -
k wr.d fmm the state or oatri- uty Marshal Treahey brpught in two Mrs R a Rice of pons. arriv
c
rleftkft
Tha West hroueht In from Nogales. Anoiner yegrg interested with parties from
borrowing stunt of Secretary Smalley .prisoner was taken off the Wnl Pittsburg in mining enterprises. He
was to gather stoves and piping from train on us nrr.-.. -------- .comes 10 uougias 10 .ner me .-
a nur
lor use during tne winter. .
tin ki.sinMs firms, this Including from Willcox. three arrived under feu home Saturdav from Cobalt Canada.
. i.tin ma- eral escort irom 1 imon rau wnere ne nas been tor two ana a nan
'M'""'"" " inmhar
mber of Phoenix business houses night Bias Gilan. an alleged slacker of h)g country, naving registered here
se during the winter. . as arrested 20 miles out of Tucson. under the dnlft ca When n, w
hv Treaher. The men trom w 1111 ox, rsnged so that he was examined at
Several hundred dollars' worth of j were Levi Cunningham and rBCj Buffs lo. N. Y. He expects to go with
atomobile tires were destroyed in Ramirez. The former had tnougni.the Jjult continl.ent fronj c'ochlse coun
wednesd.lv nicht by the' himself over age and Ramirez naa ty bu, the dat of departure has not
rounger element of the city as part of, thought he was under age. Of t been nxed. so ne w, h.ve the pleas
their Hallowe'en fun. by scattering iraen from Clifton. Deputy Marsn' ure or a home visit for a few days at
. . . . j-j ...... ! ik.,-., hod one slacker and two i. nnnortunitv in took over
many pounds 01 iarge-u-ueu. 5..u- - i.-winrlne V, . I ..
ized nails on the streets the young! who were charged with introducing h,8 0,d home clty and ee tne mdny
men destroyed a large number of. liquor into the state. Those irom)improvement8 wnicn haY, ben roaie
tires some of which cost J60 each.) Nogales were charged with eln? " during his absence.
. . .v . Li..'rip,. nd were en route to tamp
ana punciureu iucui . -i,.n from the
teen and seventeen times, incidental, Funston. The man taaen Work ,, ,ctually started in deve!-
ly causing near accidents. Investiga-(train was . 0ping an oil field in the Bowie val-
iin i under way. and If those re- corted nere oy
sponsible for this work are Identified ibose of El Taso.
they will be called to count.
ley. eight miles north of Bowie. While
several oil men are interested and
are preparing to put an oil rig at
. ..-I. u s,l kA i .. M,n
Yuma I tun iuuiiu 1
Con P. Cronin. state librarian, an- were at Yuma attending ,ne 1 ! Arl20na New Mexico Oil Development
Governor and Mrs. T. K Campbell
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS. -
notmces the receipt of a line selection : county fair Thursday. This was ;;"verf fpany, the' officers and promoters
. inn vi,a tnr ih snl.llers ..nr'H ilav" at the fair. A feature 01 ....1
from Mrs. Ieon Jones. Mr. Cronin Is the day's program was he ,eJ ' M Grant county (New Mexico) men. and
particularly pleased with the gift be- of Governor Campbell ')n "'over" Clifton and Morencl public men. The
,..,. it .mitains many or the latest; Don Estaba Cantu. governor 1. , .
pn t ef tht rnm nanv 1 O. Pill 1
" . . t 1.. TKo MviiMin ttiveriAur t " "
nd best current nove.s. In commen- er t - . lf
Ing on the receipt of these books tne,iravei n" , . " ' " "
librarian wishes It to be known thati and will be ac.npjrn.ed at the
he U readv at all times to receive fronvi ceieDrauon oy - "-"
23o rVlJn" boh. of fiction for Izat.oti .of musicians has th , repHat.cn
the soldiers It is requested that they! for producing some or the best Instru
be sent to the state library at the c.p-j mental music in the United Mates,
ital for shipment -
" ' j A moral wave is reported to have n ,wer Gold gulch and the San Si-
The statutes of Arizona inaklni; it ntduck Tucson and the police docket mon VHn0y pmner. who are expected
i'iperatie tliat a corporation must , showed no arrests lor three days this j here w ith a heavy standard oil ris
pay an employe wages due him at the1 week. withlu the next few days.
lips, was in Bowie Thursday with an
oil rig. which was moved onto the
ground and drilling actually started
Friday. This is only the beginning of
the development of an oil field at
Bow ie, for there are a number of other
oil men Interested who have leases
'and claims on several sertions of land FTVT
Important Real Estate Deal in Warren Assures Permanent Head
r
1
Office in This District for A. G. McGregor, Noted Engineer of State
3
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 6, 1917.
r f i i: h t It I
j E - J IS ' e""V
Ji X ti tor- ;T
WARREN BUSINESS BLOCK WHICH HAS BECOME PROPERTY OF A. G. McGREGOR.
An iiup'jrtant real estate deal was
made last week, by which A. G. Mc
Gregor, the engineer at Warren, be
comes the owner of the Warren busi-(
nesa block formerly owned by Thos. F.
Cole of New York.
Mr. McGregor and his staff of spec-1
ialists have designed all of the more
recent smelting and leaching piante
of the southwest, which have cost t
many millions of dollars. They are'
engaged on plans for smelting plants ;
and plant extensions, or improvements j
for several of the larger copper com
panies of the state at the present time,
and are also engaged on plans for im
portant work away lrom the southwest.
The establishment of a permanent
headquarters by Mr. McGregor in War
ren means a great deal tV the Warren
District, as he has a number of high
class men on his staff, many of whom
are specialists 4n their respective lines,
ifls concern is one of the few of the
district which are not dependent en
tirely on the activity of this district,
but benefit by the activities of other
mining districts as well.
- In speaking of the purchase of the
building, Mr. McGregor said:
"On account of the work we are d'
ing for the several mining districts of
of the southwest, the desirability of a
permanent headquarters and better fa-.
cilities for rendering service has been
apparent for some time. We have
been located in other towns of the
state,' but after careful consideration,
have concluded that Warren in mont
respects will suit 'our requirements as ;
well, if not better, than any of the oth-
er towns or cities we might choose. i
"Warren is in tme of the foremost:
copper mining districts of the world
and has a variety of mining and metal
lurgical plants operating in Its immed-
diate vicinity. It is as accessible to the
other mining districts of the 6'Juthwest
as any of the other towns would be in
this respect. It has first class train
service to and from outside points and
has gcVd hotel accommodations for
the manufacturers representatives
and others from out of town having
business with our office.
"It has an ideal year-round climate
and living conditions are excellent."
The arrangement of the upper floor
of the building, which Mr. McGregor
has purchased is being remodeled, so
as to make it ideal for his "office requirements.
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor. Phone 39.
VISITING SON
Mrs. Z. T. Reed of Wasmngton, D.
C, is in the Warren district for a few
days on a visit to her son, T. H. Reed,
cashier of the Bisbee-Naco Water company.
glad to receive all cash donations for
! this fund. Miss Carlotta Mover has
been appointed secretary of the same
! committee.
WAS CONVICTED
According to reports received here
I from KU Paso. Will Farrell, who was
known in this district as "Happy Har
i ry," has been, convicted in the United
, States court at El Paso on a charge
'of '.onspiracy to defraud the United
' States government and has been sen
tenced to serve a term of one year and
one day in the federal penitentiary
;at Leavenworth.
7. This course consists of 15 lessons
and those who pass the required ex
aminations receive a certificate from
the American Red Cross. Mrs. Jason,
a Red Cross nurse, will have charge
of the work.
OFFICERS APPOINTED
D. C. Griffin of the Bank of Bisbee' RED CROSS CLASS
has been appointed treasurer of the A Red Cross class in nursing will
Bisbee committee of the American be organized at the T. W. C. A. on
fund for French wounded and will be Wednesday evening at 7:30, No ember
ACTED SUSPICIOUSLY
Bob Speart-y and Owen Harrison
were arrested by Officers Hill and Ruff
and Tex Bardon on Sunday night after
they had attempted to gain an en
trance to the Slag Dump garage. When
searched at the jail an automatic pis
tol was found on Spearcy and a charge
of carrying concealed weapons was
filed against him. No charge has been
filed against Harrison as yet. Harri
son has been working as a tailor in
Brewery Gulch and Spearcy as an auto
mechanic.
WERE MARRIED
Eugene R. Alexander and Mrs. Rose
Kelly were married last evening by
Judge Winters of Lowell and left on
the Golden State Limited for Califor
nia, where they will remain for a few
weeks before returning to this dis
trict to make their home. Both have
beefi residents of the district for some
time.
Arizona's $12,000,00 Industry
GET IN ON EGYPTIAN LONG STAPLE COTTON
if you want to make MONEY. You know what the
BIG PROFITS the Goodyear Tire people will make this
ARRESTED FOR BOOTLEGGING
Nathan Wright was arrested yester
day by a representative of the sheriff's
office on a charge of transporting in
toxicating liquor from Lowell to Naco.
Wright, who is a young man about 18
years old has been plying his trade
from Douglas to Lowell and then to
Naco. It is also charged that he and
a companion received one shipment
from California which was buried' in
cans of lard. Wright claims Califor
nia as his home.
LIBERTY BOND TOTAL
Arizona; with a total subscription of
$7,742,750 (official final figures) to the
Second Liberty Loan, has done much
toward sounding the death knell of
Prussianism, militarism, autocracy and
Kaiser Bill H'jhenzollern.
HAS TAKEN CHARGE
R. B. Armstrong, a banker' from
Carlsbad. New Mexico, has arrived in
Tombstone and will act as cashier of
the First National bank for the present
year.
NET PROFITS running
from $200.00 up an acre
can be made.
The smallest investor has
an equal chance with the
capitalist to participate in
these profits.
Let us show yoii what
$500 will do!
moving Picture
Exhibit of the
Cotton Industry
Daily and nightly at our office. Come in and see it it
means the opening of the Doors of a New Opportunity
to you.
Cotton City Land &
Building Company
(No Stock For Sale.)
Room 3, Second Floor, Chamber of Commerce Bldg.,
Phoenix, Arizona.
Bisbee Office, Sasse's, or Golden Hotel.
COUPON
Please send me government statistics on Long Staple Egyptian
Cotton raised n Arizona, and booklet on Cotton City project.
i3 - ? '
i
it '
"7 p
BACK FROM TRIP
Tom Cowpertwaite of the safety de
partment of the Calumet and Arizona
Mining company has returned from a
three months' visit to various points
in the east. He reports having had a
most enjoyable time.
HAS RETURNED
D. F. E. Shine returned last evening
from Los Angeles where he has been
on professional business for a few
days.
I BACK FROM TUCSON
Frank Cone and Ed Harris have re
turned from tucson where they were
called on business before the United
States court.
VISITING NORTH PART -
The board of supervisors with
County Engineer Ryan are making a
tcur of the northern part of the county
; today inspecting the various county
roads in the vicinity of Willcox. Bowie
and San Simon.
ON WAY TO WACO
A. H. Gardner, the republican poll-:
tician and manager of the Huachuva
Water company at Tombstone, passed
through Onborn last evening on his
way to Waco, Tex., where he goes on
a visit to his mother.
HAVE RETURNED
Mrs. E. F. Irving and young son
have returned from the coast, where
they have been sp?n(ling the summer
months. Mr. Irving is in the office of
the C. & A. Mining company.
IS IN TUCSON
Atc'jrney S. K. Williams is in Tucson
where he was called on business be
fore the United States court.
COURT OPENS
The fall session of the United States
court for the southern district of the
state opened yesterday in Tucson.
Quite a number of Warren, District cit
izens were there in attendance. The
grand jury will convene this morning
and the trial- Jury on Wednesday.
There are about eighty slacker cases
come before the court The case
'jf the United States against R. A.
Clampitt will also come up for hearing
before the grand jury at this time.
BACK FROM FLORENCE
George Rock hill has returned from a
trip to Florence, where he went with
Deputy Sheriff Rafferty to deliver a
number of prisoners that had been
sentenced from the superior court. He
has a sain taken the wheel on his
Tombstone stage.
"A live producing mine, one that has always paid its way under most
adverse conditions."
GIBSON CONSOLIDATED COPPER CO.
AUTHORIZED CAPITAL 1,000.000 SHARES
OUTSTANDING 750,000 SHARES, ALL IN ESCROW
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
President: CHARLES E. KALTENBACH,
Newark. N. J., of Kaltenbach & Stevens,
Inc., Silk Manufacturers, Newark, N. J.,
and Allentown, Pa.
Vice President: GEN. AMA8A P. PEAKE,
Valley City, N. D., Capitalist, well known
Mine Operator and one of the" Promoters
and Organizers of the Butte & Superior
Copper Company.
Secretary-Treasurer: P. P. GREER,
31obe, Arizona. President of First Nation
al Bank, Globe, Ariz.
Managing Director: H. E. BIERCE,
Merritt Bldg., Los Angeles, Cat. Mining
Engineer.
Director: F. F. TOWLE, Globe, Ariz
President Gila County Abstract Co., Globe,
Ariz.
Director: W. A. LAMSON, Chicago. III.
Of Lara son Bros. & Co., Grain Brokers.
Director: E. J. KALTENBACH, Brooklyn.
N. Y., of Kaltenbach & Stevens, Inc., Silk
Manufacturers, Newark, N. J., and Allen
town, Pa. ',
Depository: The First National Bank.
Globe, Ariz. Registrar: Columbia Trust
Company, New York. Transfer Agent:
Empire Trust Company, New York.
PRODUCING mine, heretofore worked under primitive methods, yet has produced
rich ore, averaging 20 Copper, and yielded about J2.100.000 et smelter return.
LOCATED in the famous Globe-Miami district of Arizona, right in the midst of the
famous mines that produced $80,000,000 last year.
NOW reorganized and under new management, the improvements contemplated, it is
estimated, will add at least JS00.000 annually to the income of this old mine. The
opening of large bodies of high grade ore may cause the stock to make sensational
advances.
YOU know what Inspiration, Miami, Ray Consolidated, Magma and Other big Copper
stocks have done. They are all in the same district, within a radius of 13 miles. The
profit possibilities in the Gibson Mine are brilliant; there are 650,000 tons of ore
blocked out and 'in sight." valued at equal to $4 per share on the entire capital stock;
less than one-fourth of the acreage has been developed; the officers, directors and en
gineers are men of highest standing; a remarkable opportunity is presented in this.
FIRST OFFERING OF STOCK AT $2 PER SHARE PRIOR TO ACTIVE TRADING
ON THE NEW YORK CURB.
BUY GIBSON CONSOLIDATED COPPER
Wire Your Orders and Let Remittance Follow.
, Full Information and Prospectus on Request.
' LAWHON & BRADFORD
Douglas, Arizona.
BACK FROM COURT
E. J. Flanigan has returned from
Tucson where he was called on busi
ness before the United States court.
WAS DISMISSED
The personal injury case of Chris
Kukich against the Phelps Dodge j
Company which was to have come up
for trial in the United States court at
Tucson, was dismissed yesterday In j
that court on nAHion of the attorney i
for the plaintiff. The case of Joe Main
vs the same company for alleged in
juries received in May, 1915, was con
tinued for the term.
1 I
I fish larlnnnriorQl !
U IUBI HfclUUUlUUI IUI Ui I
!
ESTABE WAS FOOLISH
Advice was received yesterday to
the effect that the Mexican w-ho es-l
caped from the prison road gaa? on
the Clifton-Solomonville road, Satur-I
day is Estaba Chaves. The escaped:
convict was sentenced from this'
counfy, having been convicted on aj
charge of burglary to serve two years.'
Under the arrangements for working!
with the road gang. Chvaes had but;
three months more time to serve. He
is still at large. . !
WAS IN CITY
J. H. Mcpherson, the Tombstone
transfer man and fuel dealer, was in
the city Sunday on a short visit to
relatives. He reports the county seat(
as being quite lively and that the city j
council is having considerable work'.
done at the present.
FRESH ARRIVALS THROUGHOUT THE WEEK
DAILY DELIVERIES TO ALL PARTS OF THE WARREN P1ST,
MONEY SAVING PRICES
Per lb. Per lb.
Whole Sliced
Halibut ...17J2 20
Salmon 172 20
Barracuda 72 20
Yellowtail 15 7l2
Rock Cod : 15 72
Rock Bass ' V2
Smelt 7y2
Sole 7Yz
Mackerel MYz
IN FROM RANCH
William Davis was in the city yes
terday from his ranch near Cowan
pass. He reports cattle in that section
as being in good condition and that
beef cattle have been rounded np from
there for the local markets.
VREA
WENT TO TOMBSTONE
James Howell of Douglas was in (be
city yesterday cn a short visit while
on his way to Tombstone, where he
will remain tor a few weeks, taking
employment in, First National Bank
of Tombstone.
Name
UP FROM BENSON
Sterling II. Moss, the Benson auto
dealer, was in the city yesterday on a
short business trip. He reports that
town as boius quite lively at the pres
ent time.
REPORTED MARRIED ,
Reports received here from Los An
geles yesterday were to the effect that
the Misses Imogene Galu.sia ind Ada
Edwards, fonnor employes of the local
telephone company, who left here last
week for l.os Angeles, had been mar
lled In 1-os Angeles on their arrival.
The reports state that Miss Galusha
was married to Jack Thornton and
Miss Edwards lo Richard Wilson.
Pr.lh youig men were stationed at
Naco wilh the First Arizona, and now
are with that contingent at Linda
Vista, ( ui.
IN SESSION
The board of supervisors was in ses
sion in Tombstone yesterday, it being
iheir regular monthly meeting. Bids
were received for furnishing an auto
ambulance for the county hospital.
Chairman Vance Johnson went over
rarly yesterday morning to be in at
tendance. Supervisor J. M. Sparks
of Douglas was in the city Sunday
night on his way to Tombstone.
ON A SHORT VISIT
j Carmen and Columbus Giragi, pro
, prietors of the Tombstone Prospector,
were in the district on Sunday on a
I short pleasure trip. They report the
county seat as being quite lively at the
j present time and Ilia' the new s'reet
work being done there is a vast lin
I provenient and that they will be rcgu
i lar speedways when the work is com
j plcted.
I
WAS A VISITOR
C. L. Cummings. the Tombstone
realty owner, was in the city yester
day on a short business trip. lle
brought over a party of Tombstone j
women who were on a shopping trip. ;
L
BISBEE PHONE 14
LOWELL PHONE 51
FROM LEWIS SPRINGS I
Frank Moson and wife were in the I
city yesterday from their home nearl
Iewis Springs. Mr. Moson is one of)
the pioneer cattle raisers of that sec-!
tion and states that conditions aro
good in that locality. I
Street
City .
HAS RETURNED
Wi'l White bus retitrnpd from atrip
to Phoenix, where he took insane
patients to the asylum for the sheriff's
office. He remained over there one
day on a visit to his mother and
brother. He reports nun-nix hs beins
iiiuite lively.
WENT TO TOMBSTONE
J. H. Slaughter and wife were in the
cttv yesterday on their way to Tomb
stone. Mr. Slaughter was called there!
to attend a meeting of the directors of j
the First National bank of which he is
a member. The meeting was called
; fr i he pnr,t''e of appointing a cashier'
! in the absence of T. R. BrandL
WHEELER GETS JUDGMENT
Before Judge S. U Patte or Pima
county in the superior court Saturday
a judgment In favor of Harry C.
Wheeler, sheriff, wa rendered, which
will allow the plaintiff back salary
from January 1. 1913. to March 15.
1917 when new law passed by the last
legislature went into effect. When
Judge McAlister of Graham county de
cided several ta k sjilary cases here
several months aco It was generally
conceded that the case of the sheriff
would stand a favorable chance, al
though the suit had not been brought
at that time. Since then, however.
Attorney W. G. Gilmore for Sheriff
Wheeler tiled salt, and lh result was
that the cae was decided in favor of
the plaintiff and back salary allowed
In the sum of $2195. Another case
up, that of County Attorney Hosh for
back salary, was tHkeu under advise
ment by the court.
PERUNA in Your Home
A housewife must give the first aid in colds, coughs and
other ailments. Her promptness in applying the remedy often
saves a serious illness. Her experience with, remedies has led
her to know that PERUNA is always reliable, that she should
have it on hand for the immediate treatment of coughs and
colds, and that it is always to her
The Family
Safeguard
The experience of one
woman, given herewith, is
typical of thousands of let
ters that reach the Peruna
Company from grateful
friends who have found their
homes incom-
plete, and their
family safety in
danger without
PERUNA.
Colds and Catarrh
The great weight of testimony that has accumu
lated in the 44 years that PERUNA has been on the
market proves it. beyond question, to be the reliable family rem
edy, ever ready to take, preventing tiie serious effects of colds,
coughs, grip and derangement of the digestive organs. This
proof is published from time to time and many families have
profited by it
JTTZ.TJf r''' f".1. tMlnliw en ilia. Oif -
The Penin Company, Columbus. Ohio
f ry
Mrs.Geor Parter.
4 Water SuMtttl
ash. Wi wntea:
We haveucdP.
runs ia our family
fcr a Dumber of
years, aud have
found It a prrfertl
reliable frmtidoe.
It won rids Um sys
tem of say traces
of scold, sod pre
vents serious Ous
SequcDCes, ''I organ using h
for catarrh, vhicb
I suffered with a
but nsd not been very serious until recently.
Since 1 hsve taken Peruna the dropping la my
throat bat discontinued, and my head sad noss
are sot so stopped np in the morning, i am
pleased with the results, and shall onntime to
I heartily recommend it sa sn horjesdmedirine."
Wbst it does tor her it is ready to ds lor yuu.
(2
I yr 1
CAR STOLEN
! A Kord rar bearing an Arizon;; ii
fcenwe No. 1S41I5 w;i taken from a
point of the isitle of the 1.muIhs road
some time Sunday nisht or early.
Monday morning. The owner wan
dtivlliK the car to Hun city from
j I lunulas, and btuuethius weut wrouy
and he left the i-ht alongside of the
road about 10 miles from here and
tame into town. Yesterday morning
be went out to have the car brought
in and it was gone. It whs reported
that the ear was seen coming in this
direction, being driven by n btrange
man. SIX
THE BISBEE L-ailY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 4, 1917.
sMon
ON
WATCHES, DIAMONDS, JEWELRY
OR WHAT HAVE YOU7
Special Sale Unredeemed Watches and Diamonds.
17 Jewel Elgin or Waltham Watches. 20 year gold cases, jq pjj?
$20.00 and $2fl.00 values ipU. i J
SO days free trial and if not a good timekeeper your money refunded.
United Loan and Jewelry Co.
.'BRANCH OF 16 -CALIFORNIAySTORES)
Brewery Gulch, across
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everythma at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ l .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:50 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the week.
. - Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co, Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCX.
I if -T:
JM-4H4
C C , 'F.J.
: a
Bisbee Lumber Company. nc
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL
OF FIRE BURNING
OR BURGLARS
Stealing your private papers and valuables when you
shut the heme for the summer.
There's Absolute Safety for both when protected
by our modern vaults-1
Private safes rent for $500 and up yearly.
Think this over then see.
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY .
Main Street.
Will E. McKee, President.
THE
To-build a house you must lay the first
brick. -
To build a fortune you must save the first
'dollar.
Have YOU started "building" a bank
account yet? -
Lay the foundation for your future
.. success. .
Begin building your Savings Account
tsday. BANK WITH US.
WML
EYE NERVE GLASSES
Study and much re
search work since
1892, Is the cause of
my successful practice
in Bisbee. Dr. R.
Glaze, Neutrologist,
Room 1, Maze Eldg., Phone, Office
156, Residence, Black 420.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS !
IS i
ey to JLoan
from Union theater.
WITH THE RIGHT
KIND OF LUMBER
any job can be done more quick
ly and economically. If you have
a closet or a bookcase in mind
come see us. We want to sell
you the lumber, of course. Eut
we'll sell you only the kind our
experience :ells us is right and
we won't try to sell you too
much of it. Then you'll come
again.
CAR STOP.
PHONE 25.
Bisbee, Arizona.
C. A. McDonald, Cashier.
- FIRST.
SMTftlX
CATARRH
OF THE
.BLADDER
Efifisted !a
F24 Hours
Each CTV s
dbearth.(MDY)
ftiran cfomnterfeiim
J
Shoe
Mining and Financial News
v KtV'FW
OATMAN
(By Collins A B.-etherton)
Bid
Adams . , 02
' Arizona Rex
Ariz-Tom R 04
Gold Ore 23
Gold Reed ... -
; Gold Cliff
'Lucky Boy 02.
Sunnyside 02
Telluride
iTcm Reed 34
United Eastern ... .' 3.62
United Northern : '.. .03
j United Western 'il
Ark
.03
.23
.03
.13
.03
.03
.10
3.87
.03
.03
Hed Lion
.25'
i
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden 2
Cresn Monster
Butte London
Dundee j
Venture
Pitts-Jerome
Jerome Verde
Ark-Arizona
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
.00
.56
.10
.50
.10
.37
.87
.01
.40
.06
.32
.31
2.0C
.2
.12
.75
.13
.62
.94
.10
.IS
34
.43
1.75
.50
.62
.08
Wolv-Arizona 1
Miami Mother Lode .. ..
50
Verde Com . .
Miami Con
.50
.04
.03
Bisbee Copper
Butte Arizona
Santa Cruz Bisbee
Jerome Daisy
Nacozari Con
.27
.50
.42
.15
1.56
,23
13
44
Calumet and Jerome 1
Feather River Gold . . ...
NEW YORK FINANCIAL
NEW YORK. Nov. 5. The stock
market opened with another violent
upheaval, representative shares add
ling 3 to 7 points to their recent shrink
age. Shares of less importance lost
even more, the reversal in isolated is
sues extending to 10 points.
Local liquidation was augmented by
an accumulation of week-end selling
from the interior.
Quotations reached lowest levels at
midday, the market evincing extreme
weakness on news of further.reversals
to the Italian forces. Rails of the bet
ter tass yielded 3 to 5 points, Read
ing falling 6 and Great Northern 6.
In general these recessions implied
niinimunis for periods of five to twen
ty years, while St. Paul comraon and
preferred sold at lowest quotations in
i their long history as dividend payers
at 38 and 73. respectively,
j United States Steel supplemented
last week's severe setback bv a fur
ther decline ot 4i to 30, its lowest!
Of the year, to the accompaniment of
offerings that fairly taxed- the capacity
, of the market. Independent steels
yielded 3 to 5 points and allied equip
ments and coppers as much, while
oils, leathers, sugars and the many
war supply stocks broke 3 to 7.
Rallies of 2 to 5 points in the final
hour were attributed to the statement
of a high treasury official, advocating
prompt and material advance of rates
to the railroads.
Short covering also accounted in a
measure for the partial recovery. Sales
i 1.150.000 shares.
The entire bond list weakened on
more diversified offerinzs. Liberty 4's
sold at par to 100.02. the 3's yielding j
from 99.74 to 9955. Total sales of
bonds, par value, aggregated $5,350,
000. j United States bonds, old issues, were
unchanged on call.
DON'T SCOLD, MOTHER!
THE CROSS CHILD IS
BILIOUS, FEVERISH
Look at tongue! If coated,
clean little stomach,
liver, bowels.
Don't scold your fretful, peevish
child. See If tongue is coated ; this is
a sure sign its little stomach, liver
and bowels are clogged with sour
waste.
When HsUess, pale, feverish, full of
cold, breath bad, throat sore, doesn't
eat, sleep or act naturally, has stomach-ache,
indigestion, diarrhoea, give
teaspoonful of "California Syrup of
Figs,"and in a few hours all the foul
waste, the sour bile and fermenting
food passes out of the bowels and you
have a well and playful child again.
Children love this harmless 'fruit
laxative," and mothers can rest easy
after giving it, because it never fails
to make their little "insides" clean
and sweeL
Keep it bandy. Mother! A little given
today saves a sick child tomorrow, but
get the genuine. Ask your druggist
for a 50cent bottle of "California
Syrup of Figs," which has directions
for babies, children of all ages and for
grown-ups plainly on the bottle. Re
member there are counterfeits sold
here, sj surely look and see that
yours is made by the "California Fig
Syrup Company." Hand back with
contempt any other fig syrup.
(Advertisement)
Shop
WeFix'Em
WHILE
LEAIbD WIRE
GRAIN MARKET
CHICAGO. Nov. 5.--Corn ran up in
value today, stimulated by federal an
nouncements virtually establishing
$15.50 a hundredweight as a minimum
on hogs. The market closed strong,
1 to 2c net higher, with December
$1.17Vi and May $1.12'4 to $1.12.
Oats gained M to c, and provis
ions 30 to 50c.
.The finish was at or near the top
figures of the day.' Such temporary
reactions as took place kept within
moderate limits. Bulls contended that
the minimum implied $1.20 a bushel
for corn fed on the farms, and there
fore warranted a much higher level
than has of late been obtained for
future deliveries at terminal points.
Under such circumstances weakness
in Wall street failed to make any
impression.
Oats went up with corn. Provisions
as well as grain jumped as the result
of the government recommendation of
a $15.50 hog price minimum. It was
said this standard was materially
above what packers generally had ex
pected. COTTON MARKET
NKW YORK. Nov. 5. The cotton
market today closed firm at a net ad
vance of 3 to 31 points.
METAL MARKET
NEW YORK. Nov. 5 Lead, firm;
snot, 6.12 to 6.37. Spelter, dull:
spot East St. Louis delivery offered
at 7.62. Bar silver, 874.
FEDERAL MONEY TURNED
OVER FOR ROAD WORK
With the decision Of Governor Camp
bell as to whether or not all proposed
state road work shall be suspended,
still pending, particular interest attach
es to the announcement that the state
has received $123.S81.52 from the fed
eral government, 'to be spent on county
lOad work.
This fund represents 25 per cent of
the total revenue received by the fed
eral government on the national forest
reserves within the state. The sum of
$42,844.80 of this fund represents the
state's share of the income on state
school lands. This amount is to be
turned Over to the state school fund.
The rest of the fund, amounting to
$81,036.72, is turned over to the coun
ties of the state in which there are na
tional forest reserves. Each county
is paid in proportion to the acreage of
the preserves within the country.
Under the law, each county must use
this money for the building and repair
ing of roads. The money cannot be
absorbed by . the state, a fact which
assures ultimate road improvements,
even though it is decided, as has been
suggested, to suspend all proposed
road Vork by the state during the per
iod of the war.
State Auditor Jesse Boyce sent out
warrants to the various counties en
titled to share in the forest reserve
fund, distributed as follows:
Apache $3,003.29
Cochise 2.411.89
Coconino ..37,736.19
Gila 7.113.04
Graham 2,039.28
Greenlee i... 4,761.70
Maricopa 3.014.60.
Mohave 23.40
Navajo ' 1.798.52
Pima 2.209.15
Pinal 1.156.66
Santa Cruz ...
Yavapai
.. ..2.365.51
....14.405.29
is
ILLEGAL, RULING
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, NVv. 5. Compul
sory separation of the negro and white
races in residential districts is a vio
lation of the constitution, the supreme
court held today in an unanimous opin
ion declaring invalid the Louisville,
Kentucky, segregation ordinance. Tb
measure, which prohibited persons of
either race moving into blocks in
which a majority of residents were of
the opposite color, is similar to ordi
nances now'in effect in St Louis, Balti
more, Richmond and many other south
ern cities.
Such laws, the court decided, would
not prevent the amalgamation of the
races as was claimed by the Louis
ville authorities, or prevent race con
nects. "Desirable as this is and important
as is preservation of the public," said
the opinion, "this aim cannot be ac
complished 4 by laws or ordinances
which deny rights created or protected
by the federal constitution." Laws
providing for the separation of races
in public conveyances and in the pub
lic schools where equal privileges are
given, the court pointed out, have been
upheld but it asserted that such legis
lation must have its limitations and
cannot be sustained where the exercise
jf authority exceeds the restraints
of the constitution.
The Court's action was reversal of
the lower cnirt which held the' ordi
nance to be a reasonable-exercise or
the state police powers.
SEGREGATION
wa
FURTHER DECLINES
IN STOCK MARKET
CAUSE GREAT WORRY !
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK, Nov. 5. Stocks tumbl
ed again in Wall street today. Stand
ard railroad shares and representa
tive industrials suffered excreme loss
es of three to seven points, with irreg
ular, and, for the meat part, slight re
coveries. Many factors of varying de
grees of importance entered into the
selling.
Chief among them was the empha
sis placed by Wall street on the finan
cial position of the railroads. It seems
to be the unanimous opinion of the
substantial moneyed interests that
speedy action to relieve the. strain on
the transportation companies would
most effectively "jffset the timidity now
prevalent among holders M securities.
This phase of the general situation
was earnestly considered at a confer
ence today between officials of the
stock exchange and prominent banking
interests, including J. P. Morgan.
Foreign developments also figured
actively in the day's depression. The
fur:her effensive of the Teutonic ar
mies in Italy and the American losses
in the western theatre provoked fur
ther liquidation from new, as well as
old sources.
Some of the issues involved in to
morrow's local election also were tak
en into account by investors who are
frankly apprehensive of the growth of
radicalism on its relation to corporate
properties, notably public utilities.
Demoralization of rails was the most
discouraging feature, stocks of the
highest grade yielding mOre easily
than volatile issues in the special divi
sions. Many of these stocks were at lowest
quotations of five to twenty years and
St. Paul common and preferred at thirty-eight
and 75 respectively, touched
lowest levels since they entered the di
vision o dividend payers, many years
ago.
We are only beginning to understand
why Bemstorf shed tears on being
dismissed from this country. The field
,of his peculiar brand of diplomacy
was so rich.
A well-known clergyman says wars
will continue until the devil is
chained. Why, bless your soul, parson,
that's just what we've started out to
do now chain him.
Wool has now reached such a price
that very few of us need object to
having it ''pulled over our eyes."
UGH! ACID STOMACH,
SOURNESS, HEARTBURN,
GAS OR INDIGESTION
The moment 'Tape's Diapep
sin" reaches the stomach
all distress goes.
Do some foods you eat hit back
taste good, but work 'badly; ferment
into acids and cause a sick, sour, gassy
stomach? Now, Mr. or Mrs. Dyspeptic,
jot this down: Pape's Diapepsin helps
neutralized the excessive acids in the
stomach -so your food vrtm't sour and
upset you. There never was anything
so saieiy quick, so certainly effective.
No difference how badly your stomoch
is upset you usually get happy relief
in five minutes, but what pleases you
most is that it helps to regulate your
stomach so you can eat ybur favorite
foods without fear.
Most remedies give you relief some
times they are slow, but not- sure.
'Tape's Diapepsin is positive in
neutralizing the acidity, so the misery
won't come back very quickly.
You feel different as soon as "Pape's
Diapepsin" Ames in contact with the
stomach distress just vanishes your
stomach gets sweet, no gases no belch
ing, no eructations of undigested food,
your head clears and you feel fine.
Go now, make the best investment
you ever made, by getting a large
fifty-cents case of Pape's Diapepsin
from any drug store. You realize in
five minutes lrt)w needless it is to
suffer from Indigestion, dyspepsia, or
any stomach disorder, due to acid
fermentation. . (Advertisement)
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. S277. Serial No.
036120, United States Land Office,
Phoenix, Arizona, August 31, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Alfred
Paul, whose post Office address Is
Douglas, Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the following
named lode mining claims, situate In
the Warren Mining District, Cochise
County, Arizona:
"Don Miguel"
Beginning at Corner NO. 1, the
Southeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30. Town
ship 23, South, Range 25 East G. S.
R. B. & M. bears South 85 36' East
4941.1 feet; thence North 69 39' West
1500 feet along lines 1-6 and 2-3 Sur
vey No. 2244, South Side and Gold Hill
lodes, respectively, to Corner NO. 2.
BestWorkmanship
Best Material
Lowest Prices
LEGAL NOTICES
the Southwest Corner; thence North
32 25' East 47.60 tet to Corner No.
3; thence South 6S 46' East 664.30
feet along line 3-2 and 4-5 Survey No.
1781 Cave lode and Survey No. 2214
Gold Hill lode, respectively to Corner
No. 4; thence Noith 43 62' East
63.20 feet along lines 2-1 and E-6 of
Survey No. 1781, Cave lode and Sur
vey N o. 2244. Gold Hill lode, respec
tively, to Corner No. 5: thence South
69 38' 30" East 651.30 feet along
lines 3-2 and 6-1 Survey NO. 1953 Bryen
lode and Survey No. 2244 Gold Hill
lode, respectively, to Cdrner No. S, the
Northeast Corner; thence South 4
49' East 236.40 feet to Corner No. 7;
thence South 22 25' West 391.20 feet
to Corner No. 1, the plaec of the be
ginning containing a total area cf
17.917 acres. The presumed course of
the vein on this claim is from the
West end center South 69 39' East
t600 feet
"Don Mignel No. 1"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the
Northeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30. Town
ship 23 South. Range 25 East G. S.
R. B. & M. bears south 85 37' East
4935.1 feet: thence SOnth 3?
West 584 feet to Corner No. 2. the
Southeast Corner: thence North 69
52' West 886 feet to Corner No. 3.
Identical with Corner No. 3 Survey No.
2244 South Side lode: thence North
48 52' West 614.60 reet along lines 3-4
and 1-5, Survey No. 2244, SOuth Side
and Surrey No. 2188, Worren lodes,
respectively, to Corner No. 4. the
Southwest Corner; thence North 32
25' East 364 40 feet to Corner No. 5.
the Northwest Corner; thence South
69 39' East 1506 40 feet to COrner
No. 1, the place of beginning; contain
ing a total area of 18.277 acres. Ex
pressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey No. 1917, Bangor Lode of
0.123 acres. The presumed course of
the vein on this claim Is from the East
end center North 68 26' West 1499.
fet
"Don Miguel NO. 2."
Beginning at Corner No. 1. th
Norfheast Corner, whence the Wast
quarter Corner of Section SO. Town
ship 23 South. Range 25 East G. & S.
R. B. M. bears South 84 21' 3fl
East 4235 feet; thence South 32 23'
West 974.10 feet to Corner No. 8. th
Southeast Corner; thence NOrth 59
48 West 581.40 feet to Corner No. 3.
the Southwest Corner: thence North
32 25' East 974..10 feet to Comer No
4. the Northwest Corner; thence
South 59 48' East 581.40 feet to Cor
ner No. 1. the place Of beginning; con
taining a total area of 12.992 acres
Expressly exclnding area In conflict
with Don Miguel No. 1 lode of this sur
vey, of 0.084 acres, and Survey No.
2019 Little Mary lode of 2.527 acres,
and Don Miguel No. 4 lode of this sur
vey of 0.866 acree. The presumed
course of the Teln on this claim Is
from the North end center South 32
25' West 974.1 feet
"Don Miguel No. 3"
Beginning at Corner No. L the
Southeast Corner, whence the West
quarter -Corner of Section 30. Town
ship 23 South. Ranee 25 East O. A S.
R. B. & M. bears South 82 16' East
4606.1 feet: thence NOrth 59 48' West
176.80 feet to Corner No. 2, the South
west Corner: thence North 4 49'
West 9OS.80 feet to Comer No. 3, the
Northwest Comer; thence South 69
48' East 176 80 feet to Comer No. 4.
the Northeast Comer;: thence SOnth
4. 49' East 906.80 feet to Comer No.
1, the place of beginning; containing
a total area of 3.014 acres. Expressly
excluding area In conflict with Surrey
No. 1953 Bryen lode exclusive of its
conflict with Survey No. 2244 Blsb
Quen No. 2 lode Of 1.403 acres. The
presumed course of the rein on this
claim Is from the North end center
South 4 49' East 906.8 feet
"Don Miguel No. 4."
Beginnlng at Comer No. 1. the
Northeast Comer, whence the West
quarter Comer of Section 30, Town
ship 23 South. Range 25 East G. & S.
R. B. & M. bears North 75 35' East
3334.5 feet; thence South 51 17
West 631.60 feet to Comer No. 2, the
Southeast Corner; thence North 53
22 West 1018.20 feet along line 2-3.
Survey No. 2244. Bisbee Queen lode to
Comer NO. 3: thence North 48 66'
West 447 feet to Comer No. 4. the
Southwest Comer; thence North 51
17' East 500 feet to Comer No. 6, the
Northwest Corner; thence South 56
55' East 1500 feet to Comer No. 1.
the place of beginning; containing a
total area of 18.913 acres, expressly ex
cluding area in conflict with Survey
No. 2172 Lena lode of 0.043 acres. The
presumed curse of the rein on this
claim Is from the East end center
North 66 55' West 1500 feet
"Don Miguel No. 5."
Beginning at Comer No. 1. the
Southeast Comer, whence the West
quarter Comer of Section 30. Town
ship 23 South .Range 25 East G. ft S.
R. B. & M. bears North 70 23' Eaft
3844.8 feet; thence North 87 11' West
148.90 feet to Corner No. 2. the South
west Comer; thence North 60 13'
West 16.60 feet along lines 1-6 and 2 "
Surrey No. 21 S6 Marquette No. 1 lode
and Survey No. 2244 Bisbee Queen No.
3 lode respectively, to Comer No. 3;
thence North 48 66' West 1001.00 reet
along lines 6-5 and 3-4, Survey No.
2186, Marquette 1 lode and Surrey No.
2244, Bisbee Queen No. 3 lode respec
tively, to COraer No. 4, the Northwest
Comer; thence South S7 11' East
127.10 feet to Comer No. 5. the North
east Comer: thence South 48 65'
IS)
Men
a
LEGAL NOTICES
East 915.30 feet along line 5-6 Surrey
No. 2244 Bisbee Queen No. 3 lode tn
Comer No. 6; thence South 56 55'
East 120.10 fet along line 6-1 Surrey
No. 2244 Bisbee Quen No. 3 lode to
Comer No. 1, the place of beginning;
containing a total area of 1.849 acres,
expressly excluding area In conflict
with Don Miguel No. 4 Of this surrey
of 0.827 acres. The presumed course
of the rein on this claim is from the
South end center North 48 66' West
1013.1 feet
The locations notices of said claims
are recorded In the office of the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise County. Ari
zona, as follows:
"Don Miguel." Book 54 Record of
Mines, page 402:
"Don Miguel NO. 1." Book 54 Rec
ord of Mines, page 403:
"Don Miguel No 2." Book 54, Record
of Mines, page 404:
"Don Miguel No. 3." Book 54. Rec
ord of Mines, page 405:
"Don Miguel NO. 4." Book 64. Rec
ord of Mines, page 406:
"Don Miguel No. 5." Book 54. Rec
ord of Mines, page 407;
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the north the "Care," "Bel
tle Mary" and "Mascot" lodes; on
the South. "Edith." "Lena." "Marquette
1." "COra." "Bangor." "Buffalo." "Cir
cus" and "Warren" lodes; on the East
"Little Elsie,' "Little Mary- and
"Ocatea" lodes; "on the West "Last
Chance" lode.
3. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication. Sept 23. 1917
tyst Publication. November 30. 1917.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey tic. 3278. Serial No.
.038118, United States Land Office.
Phoenix, Arizona. August 31, 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Alfred
Paul, whose post office addrses Is
Douglas. Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the following nam
ed lode mining claim, situate in the
Warren Mining District COchtse
County, Arizona:
"Don Miguel No. "
Beginning at Comer No. L the
Northeast Comer, whence the South
west Comer of Section 30. Township
23 South, Range 25 East. G. A S. R. B.
& M. bears South 54 04' East 841.8
feet: thence South 61 17 West 600
feet to COmer No. 2. the Southeast
Comer: thence North 58 56 West
1500 feet to Comer No. 3. the South
west Comer: thnce North 51 17'
East 600 feet to Comer No. 4 the
Northwest Comer; thence South 58
56' East 1500 feet to Comer NO. 1. the
place of beginning: containing a total
area of 19.288 acres. The presumed
course of the rein en this claim Is
from the Fast and center North 58
56' West 1500 feet
The location notice of said claim Is
recorded In the office Of the County
Recorder ot Cochise County. Arizona,
as follows:
"Don Miguel No. 6" Book 54. Record
of Mines, page 40ft;
The names of the adjoining claims
re: On the NOrth, the "Gold Hill
Mine" lode: on the South "Raxzle
Dazzle" lode: on the East "Piedmont"
lode: on the West "Ocatea" and "Mas
cot" lodes.
J. L. TRVTV. Register.
First Pub. Sept 6. 1917.
Last Pub. Nor. 10. 1917.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3279,. Serial No.
046119. United States Land Office.
Phoenix. Arizona. August 31. 1917.
Notice is hereby giren that Alfred
Paul, whose postoffice address Is
Douglas, Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the following named
lode mining claim, situate tn the-Warren
Mining District Cochise County,
Arizona:
"Don Miguel No. T"
Begnning at COraer No. 1 the Sonth
east Corner, whence the Corner te 8e
Hons 25 end 36. Township 23 South.
Range 24 East and Sections 30 and 31.
Township 23 South. Ranee 25 East 1.
& S. R. B. A M. bears South T7 15
West 443.9 reet: thence North 76 05
West 807.80 feet along line 1-2 Surrey
No. 1958 Puzzle lode to Comer NO. 2
the Southwest Comer: thence North
4 43' 30 West 599.30 feet along line
1-6 and 2-3 ot surrey No. 1953 Pied
mont and Puzzle lodes, respectirely
to Comer No. 3; thence North 68 52
West 385.80 feet to Comer No. 4:
thence South 76 41' East 34L20"feei
along line 4-5. Surrey No. 1958 Puzzle
lode to Comer No. 5: thence South 76
05' East 403.90 feet along line 5-6 Sur
rey NO. 1958, Puzzle lode to Comer No.
6 the Northeast Comer: thence SOnth
28 20' East 926.30 feet to Comer No.
1 the place of beginning; containing
a total arear or 10.079 acres. The pre
sumed course of the vein on this claim
Is from the North end center South
28 20' 926.3 feet
The location notice of said claim la
recorded In the office of the County
Recorder of Cochise County. Arizona,
as follows:
"Don Miguel No. 7" Book 64 Record
of Mines page 409.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the North "Best of All" lode:
on the South. "Bisbee Queen" lode: on
on the East "Arizona" and "Monte
Carlo" lodes; on the West "Piedmont"
lode.
J. L. IRVIN, Register.
First Pub. Sept. 2. 1917.
lst Pub. Nor. 10. 1917.
BACK OF
M.C.A.
0GI( THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 6, 1917.
SEVEN
V
I
r
'V
.
i
4
4
1
i
J
'I
4
I
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
Issue, with a minimum charge of 26 cents. Advertisements must reach Th
Review office aot later than 8 p. m. for Insertion In the next morning paper
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Man to work in pipe fitting
and meter repair work. Bisbee Naco
Water Co., 365
LEARN actual autc repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A, Los Angeles. Cat
alog free.
HELP WANTED Applications tor
Review" 'routes asked for from
WIDS AWAKE boys between 13 and
16 years old. 126
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Waitress at Stag club. 301
Wanted
WANTED Young single miner wants
housekeeping l'Jom or bachelor
cabin by Spanish speaking family.
Hillside. Write Park Cafe, Bisbee.
364
WANTED Furnished room with
board for man and wife; close in;
bath, and Beat. Inquire Mr. Mosler,
Fair store. 4
FOR SALE Three rdOm house. Cash
or terms, 39 Laundry HilL 367
WANTED Girl for general house
work. Phone 643. 41
WANTED Typewriting to do at home
of evenings. Box 1370, Bisbee Ar
izona. ' 760
WANTED Telegraphers, stenograph
ers, bookkeepers; students earn
board, room tuition. Mackay Busi
ness College, Los Angeles. 789
WANTED Roomers and borders, 151
Opera Drive. Private family. 342
WANTED R'jomers and boarders in
private home. Inquire School Hill
Grocery. 364
WANTED $100 to $300 at 12 per cent
interest, security 3 times loan. Box
1397. 352
WANTED 3 nicely furnished iight
housekeeping rooms. Phone Black
743. - 314
WANTED 5 room unfurnished mod
ern house. C. K. W. Review. . 316
WANTED TO RENT 4 or 6 room furn
ished house with modern conveni
ences. No children. References
exchanged. Box D. D. LowelL 293
Positions Wanted
EXPERIENCED, competent . stenog
rapher desires position in Bisbee.
Best of references. Address G. S.
care Review. 186
WANTED Position by young man, 6
years' experience as bookkeeper and
vfflce man. Best of references. Art
dress P. O. Box 965. 310
For Sale
FOR SALE Twelve stool lunch coun
ter. A m'oney maker. Owaer must
seek lower altitude. Inquire at
striped tent. LowelL 701
Money To Loan.
$50,000 to loan on improved city prop
erty or tor building, on easy terms
of payment. T. A. Hughes, over
Bank or Bisbee. 697
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Room
2. Lyric Theatre building. 1S6
Hasslers Shock Absorbers. Exclusive
Agents. Hood & Bledsoe. Adv-376
M. C. HIGH
ALLEN BLOCK
Real Estate and Insurance
Now is the time to buy
See me for Bargains.
Agent for reliable Insur
ance Companies.
List your property with ma.
PETEY DINK Pefectly Natural Mistake of Henrietta's.
For Sale.
FOR SALE Four room modern house.
with bath, large lot, fruit trees, ga
rage. Tombstone Canyon. Cash or
Terms. E. C. Review. 386
FOR SALE: 4 room furnished house,
57A O. K. street Phone Black 685.
261
FOR SADB School Hill grocery doing
good business. Phone 825, P. O.
Box 1L 355
FOR SALE Two three-quarter beds,
complete, $5 each. Behind lumber
yard. Brewery ave. 358
FOR SALE 7 dairy cows cbeap. Half
mile south Don Luis. Terms. C. E
Davis. 341
FOR SALE Gentlemen's gold watch,
17 jewel Hamilton, cost $45, sell for
'$20. Also rubber boots, size 9, $3.
Box 1366. 304
FRESH, RIPE TOMATOES, for can
ning, 6c per pound, at my ranch near
Naco. Will deliver if quantity Is
ordered. Chase L. Purdy. 300
LOST
LOST Automobile crank Sunday, be
tween OK street and Don Luis. City
Dye Works, Phone 739. 43
LOST Lady's purse containing money
and postofflce key, between post of
fice and LowelL Return to Review
and receive reward. . 350
For Rent
FOR RENT 4 room frouse and furni
ture for sale. Brophy car stop, 216
Tombstone canyon. 243
FOR RENT 4 room house and furni
ture for sale. No. 11 Upper Lowell.
Call Monday morning. 318
FOR RENT 4 l'jomied house, com
pletely furnished. $25. Apply to P.
M. Horn. 87 Youngblood Hill. 353
Furnished Rooms
WANTED Nicely furnished single
rcjm where I can cook my coffee in
morning. Box 1366. 389
FOR RENT Three furnished and four
unfurnished rooms. 27 Johnson ave.,
Johnson addition. 363
FOR RENT 3 housekeeping rooms.
No children. A. D. Fair, Bakerville.
362
FOR . RENT Nice furnished room,
suited for one or two men. 59B O. K.
street 43
157 Opera Drive. No children. 387 J
FOR RENT 3 housekeeping rooms. L j
B. Carey, Cochise Row. 366 !
!
FOR RENT Furnished room, $8 per
month. Doyle House. 605 1
GOLDEN HOTEL Outside windows
and running ' water in all rooms.
Bates reasonable, by the day, week
br month. 588
VOOSu HOTEL Famished rooms
$2.00 per week and up. 405
FOR RENT Room for two gentlemen,
with board. 58 Castle HilL 876
FOR RENT Sleeping room, suitable
for one or tVD men, 49 O. K. street.
932
FOR RENT 2 housekeeping rooms.
No children, 4 Laundry Hill. 275
FOR RENT 2 rooms furnished for
housekeeping, 176 Naco road, Hol
brook stop. 2i
FOR RENT Batching rooms, furnish
ed. 14 Tate Hill. Johnson Addition.
346
FOR RENT Sunny furnished room
with plain board if wanted, with pri
vate family, 174 Temby ave. 343
FOR RENT Large front roMm; apply
to Mrs. Whalen, Quality Hill. 313
FOR RENT Furnished rooms, also for
batching, under new management, 61
Welch avenue, 1st house back of
Brewery Gulch. Lumber yard. 3'9
, ' V4EV, COT OOT THAT X? s f com e ON - lTXM HotM "N
r oil ttfc..T Two housekeeping rooms
$16, behind lumber yard, Brewery
avenue. "Ludfords." 357
FOR RENT 2 nicoly furnished house
keeping rdOms for young couple. Ap
ply 110 School Hill. 317
FOR RENT Nicely furnished front
room with private bath; kitchenette
if preferred, in Warren. Phone Black
743. . 315
FOR RENT 2 nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping, cheap. 143A Du
bacher Canyon. Second house from
street. 312
Miscellaneous
EXPERT paper hanger and painter. C.
J. Brandt. Phone 456. Bex 150. 679
LADIES Bring material, learn to cut
and make your own fail suits and
powns. Thorough instructions giv
en by Miss Grant, room 4 Maze
Building.
WE do general house cleaning, solder
ing, plumbing, repairing furniture,
stoves and painting. Phone 742, Gim
enes. Reasonable pr'ces. 52
Business Opportunities
IF YOU ANSWER this ad I will tell
you free about what I tbiuk U one
of the best money making opportuni
ties in the country. Box C. D., care
Review. 307
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
VIOLIN and Steel Guitar. If you wish
lessons on the above or any other in
struments leave your name and ad
dress at dox office. Central Theatre.
Lowell, Phone 771. Raymond Martini,
leader Central Theatre Orchestra.
706
PAT CLEARY, painter. Member
Guilders' Exchange. Box 1495. 347
LEGAL NOTICES
025782025876
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. land
office at Phoenix. Arizona, October
27, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Ira E.
Loomis of Buena, Arizona, who on Sep
tember 25. 1914, made homestead entry
No. 025782, for wl-2 ne 1-4, sel-4 nwl-4.
iwl-4 se 1-4, sec. 27; on October 12,
1914. H. E. 025867 for el-2 nel-4, nel-4
iel-4, sw 1-4 sel-4, sec 27, township 21-s
ange 21-e, meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make three year pi'jof, to
establish claim to thel andabove de
;crlbed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
ommissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
'jo 4th day of December, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Wm. A. Morris, of Buena, Arizona,
Frank B. Moson of Lewis Springs,
Vi .zona.
Cassius R. Kitoles, jot Buena, Ariz.
Paul H. Knoles of Buena, Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN,
Register.
.'irst Publication, Ooctober 30, 1917.
Advert isenient-201
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, October
13. 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Freder
k J. Murrell of Hereford. Arizona,
. ho, on September 1, 1910, made Here-
loid, Arizona, No. 012016, for NW1-4,
cction 28, township 23S.. range, 22E-
. & S. R. B. & Meridian, has filed
.io Jce of inteption to make five year
..roof, to establish claim to the land
ibove described, before J. D. Taylor,
i r. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona
a the 23rd day of November, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Edward Wilcox, John C. Calhoun,
.Villiam A. White, Chas. A. Martin,
' 11 of McNeal, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register,
irst Publication October 17. 1317.
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING.
The anu ial meeting of the stock
. olders of tin El Paso & Southwestern
cailroad Company, for the electron of
.tree tors to serve for the ensuing year,
ml for the transaction of such other
business as may be properly brought
i.erore the meeting, will be held at the
office of the company In Bisbee, Co
chise county, Arizona, on Monday, No
vember 12, 1917, at 12 o'clock noon.
GEORGE NOTMAN.
Secretary.
012016.
Adv 737
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3374.
Serial No. 03S635.
L'nited States Land Office, 'Phoenix, 1
October 31, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that R. A.
Uretherton and C. M. Henkel, co-owners,
whose postotlice address is Bisbee,
Arizona, have made application for
patent for the following named lode
alining claims, situated in the Warren
Mining District, Cochise county, Arizo
na, in Sections 13 and 14, Township 23
S, Range 24-E. unapproved, G. & S. R.
B. & M.. described as follows, to-wit:
"ROCKLAND" Beginning at c'jrner
No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence the
Wl-4 cor. sec. 18 T. 23-S. R. 25-E, G. &
S. R. B. & M. bears S. 70 58' E. 3233.9
feet; thence N. S3 34' W, 1158.70 feet
to corner No. 2; thence N. 78 20' V..
347.50 feet to corner No. 3; thence N.
2 14' W. 574 feet to corner No. 4;
thence S. 83 34 E. 1,500 feet to cor
ner No. 5; thence S. 2" o4' E. 606 feet
;o comer No. 1. the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 18.658 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey No. 3158, Rollo lode ol
1.858 acres.
BLACK BEN." Beginning at cor
ner No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence the
Wl-4 cor. of Sec. 18. T. 23-S. R. 25-E, G.
& S. R. B. & M. bears S. 80 03' E.
1737.2 feet; thence N. 78" 20' W. 1150.
50 feet to corner No. 2; thence N. 65
23' W. 377.80 feet to corner No. 3;
thence N. 2 04' W. 530.40 feet to cor
ner No. 4; thence S. 78" 20' E. 1500
feet to corner No. 5; thence S. 2 04'
li 617.60 fee; to corner No. 1, the place
of beginning, containing a, net area of
20.112 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Sunshine lode of this
survey of 0.208 acres.
"SUNSHINE". Beginning at cornel
No. 1. the S. E. corner, whence the W
1-4 cor of Sec. 18, T. 23-S., R. 25-E. G.
& S. R. B. & M. bears S. 78 51' E. 6,
256 feet; thence S. 82" 04' W. 959.30
feet to corner No. 2; thence N. 1 41'
E. 600 feet to corner No. 3: thence N
SI 43' E. 960.10 feet to corner No. 4;
thence S. 1. 40 W. 604.60 feet to cor
ner No. 1, the place of beginning, con
:aining,a net area of 12.860 acres, ex
pressly excluding aera in conflict with
Survey No. 2412, Apache lode of 0.21'i
acres.
The location notices of these claim;
are recorded in the office of the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise county, Arizo
ia, as follows:
Rockland, Book 49, Record of Mines,
page 137.
Black Ben. Book 49, Record of Mine;
page 132.
' Sunshine, Book 49, Record of Mine;
j page 139.
j The names 'jf the adjoining claims tc
this survey are; on the north. Survey
No. 2412. Apache lode; Neglected and
Anna, unsurveyed; owned by applicant
herein; Warren lode, unsurveyed; cc
the East, Survey No. S158, Rollo lode;
on the South Survey No. 1794, Grenier
iode; Survey No. 2176.' Carmelita ana
Corona .'Jdes; Survey No. 2221 Shat-
tuck No. 2; and Survey No. 3158, Car
melita and Corona lodes on the West
Survey No. 1794. Calumet lode.
Z. L INNIS, Register.
Bisbee-Tombstone, Leaves Bisbee
Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a. m.. 1:30 p. m. 7
passenger cars. Careful drivers
Phone. Bisbee 5. Adv
Standard Oil Company announces ad-
i vance of 10 points in refined petroleum
for export.
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
Jerome
and
o
atman
Stocks
JACK BUILDING
MAIN ST PHONE 26
Election Officers .
for the District,
The following officers for the bond
election have been selected by the
board of supervisors for the Warren!
district and the polling place designat-
ed for the road Dona election mai is
io be held on Tuesday, December 4:
Bisbee Precinct
(Composed of Wards No. 1. 2. 3 and
4. General election precinct.) Voting
place, office of justice of peace, Bis
bee, Ariz.
Inspector J. L. Powell.
Judge Walter Langford.
Judge H. M. Jacobs.
Clerk I. F. Burgess.
Lowell Precinct
(Composed of Lowell No. 1 and 2.
General election precincts.) Voting
jlace, office of the justice of peace,
Lowell, Ariz.
Inspector J. M. Johnson.
Judge J. J. Dugal..
Judge Fred Fenderson.
Clerk R. J. Hoffmeyer.
Don Luis Precinct
(Composed of Don Luis general elec-
kin precinct.) Voting place, town
hail, Don Luis, Ariz.
Inspector James Malley.
Judge Henry Kendrick.
Judge Charles W. Hull.
Clerk Mrs. Elizabeth Fuller.
Warren Precinct
(Composed of Warren general elec
tion precinct) Voting place. Cole-
tyan building. Warren. Ariz.
Inspector Jesse Yoakum.
Judge Joe Curry.
Judge J. G. Cowan.
Naco Precinct
(Composed of Naco general election
-recinct.) Voting place, office of the
ustice of peace, Naco, Ariz.
Inspector John J. Newell.
Judge John Towner. '
Judge W. G. Brown.
Clerk Solomon Felger.
FEDERAL AID GIVEN
TO REGIONS HIT BY '
SOUTHWEST'N DROUTH
(By Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6. Sufficient
ars to transport 150,000 head tf cat
,!e from the drought- stricken districts
if Texas and Southern New Mexico to
erritory where this ample pasturage
md water have been requisitioned
hrough the efforts of the food adminis
tration in co-operat?jn wUh the com
nission on car service.
Announcement was made today by
the food administration that caule ai
res dv are moving into Louisiana, Mis
sissippi and other southeastern points,
and into Oklahoma. Kansas and sec
tions in New Mexico, and Colorado
where grass and water are abundant.
To epi'dite the movement local em
bargoes have been laid against the
movement of livestock from local ter
ritory where the cattle feed supply
is ample.
40 YEARS ON THE JOB
I put 40 years in the study and prac
tice of medicine and pharmacy before
1 1 was fortunate enough to secure and
perfect the, wonderful prescription for
Number 40 For The Blood and at this
late date in life I would not offer suf
fering humanity a medicine that I did
not believe better than any ofTered by
any doctor or druggist. I have Observ
ed the effect of 40 in thousands of cas
es and can safely recommend it in all
diseases of the blood such as specific
blood poisoning, inchronic rheumatism
catarrh, constipation, stomach and liv
er diseases, Pj cause sores and ulcers
to heal and disperse nodes, tumors and
scrofulous swellings. J. C. Menden
bnll. Evansville. Ind.
S.)lil exclusively in Bisbee at Central
Pharmacy, opposite Orpheum. in Lo
well by Lowell Drug Co.. in Douglas Jy
Owl Drug Co. Adv.
REAR ADMIRAL DIES.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
ST. JAMES. N. Y- Nov. 3. Rear Ad
miral Frederick Rogers, U. 3. N., re
tired, who commanded the Asiatic
fleet in 1902 and later was command
ant at the New York naval yard.' died
o (apoplexy at his home here today,
aged 75 years.
Lodge Notices
BISBEE LODGE. NO. 718.
teeU every Friday night. Moose HalL
Ibitlng brothers cordially Invited.
V. R. TONKIN, Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
IUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medlgovict
HalL second and fonrtr
Tuesdays each month
VlBttlnc brothers we-
K. D. LANE, Councillor.
J. L BENTON. Recording Secretary
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA,
DREADNOUCHT.
u o. l. no. na
Meets In L a
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY
at 7:30 p. m
Visiting broth
era cordially
Invited to at
tend.
,KO. SLEEMAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Box 42S. Bisbee.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Blcbee Aerie, Na 176. F. O. meets
rst and third MONDAYS, 8. p. m.
agles Hall. Visiters cordially wel
me.
ICHARD DAVIS. President.
C. L. EDMONSON. Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rath bone Lodge No. 10,
Knighte of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially Invited.
RANK BRUNING. C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM, K. of R. S.
LEGAL NOTICES
021399-026606
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
apartment of the iDtertfcr. U. 3. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, October
. 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Casimir
. Williams of Ft. Huachuca, Arizona.
. ho, on February 24. 1913. made home
tead entry. No. 021399, for Nl-2, NE1-4
.'1-2 NW1-4. Sec. 34 and Add! H. E
26606. for Sl-2 SEW, Sl-2 SW1-4, Sec.
.7, township 223, range 21E, G. & S. R.
(. & meridian, has filed notice of Inten
ion to make three year prctaf, to es
ablish claim to the land above de
cribed, before J. D. Taylor. C. S. Com
alssioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the
1st uay of November 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Chester A. Nelson. William A. L) tie.
arl Carlson. Gerrit Whitefoot, all of
'.ereford, Arizona.
J. L IRVIN,
Register.
irst Publication, October 16, 1917
'.ast Publication, November 20, 1917.
021529.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
department tf the Interior, C. S. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, October
6. 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Julius
1 Haase. of Hereford, Arizona, who,
id March 4. 1914, made homestead en
ry, No. 024529 for SE1-4 Section 19,
.'ownshlp 23S. Range 22E O. 9. R
i. & Meridian, has filed notice of in
action to make three year proof, to es
abllsh claim to the land above de
rlbed. before J. D. Taylor U. S. Com
lissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, on the
:)lh day of November, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Herman Hsase, Samuel C. Gfles.
i.eslie Wilcox. Frank C. Cobbe. all of
Iereford. Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
l,irst Publication. October IS, 1917
Last Publication. November 21. 1917,
-!-
I
WEEK ENDING, NOV. 10, 1917.
Monday.
Tuesday "
Wednesday
Thursday Chap. Reg.
N. a BLEDSOE, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Secy. r.llM.
A. M. COLWELL. E. H. P.
C. F. PH1LBROOK, T.LK
J. E. FRY, E C.
F S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chapter
and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary ConscfL
t. r. .
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No
45$ meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month aa
7:30 at Medigo
vich Hall. Visit
ing members cordially Invited.
PHIL. DAVIS. President
MRS. C. E. F1NOTTL Treasurer.
Box 723, TeL 23C, Red.
CATHERINE 8ALHOLM, Secretary.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third rrV
day of each month. Visiting brother
cordially invited to attend.
R E WARNER. Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY. Secretary. .
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple, No. Sjaedta every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Halt. Vlaiuas
lsters are cordially invited.
ANNA HART. M. E. C.
JKANKT SWEENEY. M. of R. C
WOOOMEN CIRCLE.
Meets la Medlgovich Hall 2nd aad
(th Fridays of each month.
HATT1E A. LUKE, Guardian.
PAULINE r. BROWN, Clerk.
P. O. Box 2L
KNIGHT8 AND LADIES OF SECUR
ITY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115
Meets every Second and Fourth Sat
urdays ia the mrnth at L O. O. F.
ball, 7:30 p. m. Visiting members arc
cordially Invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID. Pwsident, P. O
Box 3133. Lowell. Aria.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary, LbwelL
E. LINDQUIST.
FlnaacUl Secretary. P. O. Box 3246,
Lowdt
BISBEE LODGE, No. 10, 1. O. O. F.
Meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows HalL
Main street at 7:00 p. m. VlsiCag
, brothers cordially invited to a' tend.
: Hall phone 11.
GEO. MUNSET. N. G.
C. D. KIRBY, Secretary -
i
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets Brat aad third
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
in Medlgovich HalL All
visiting Rod Mea invited
to attend.
Vm. DELBRIDGE, Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Medicine Mas
F. C. FENDERSON. C of 1
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13416.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows HalL
R. L. MOTZ. ComrtL
H, T MATHIWSON.
Clerk.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Ha!
Pearl Chapter. No. . meets
In Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of eac
month at 7:30 B. m.
R8 ANNA C RICHARDS. W. M.
Phore 0. P. O. Bo 841. Bisbee.
MRS JESSE BEVAN. See'y. P. O- Box
2299. Chairman Relief Com. Phone 16L
WOODMEN OF THE WOLD.
Lowell Camp Na 4fl will
meet every Weoesdar
at 7:30. Brophy HaU.
,H. C. LANDAU, C. C.
a B. THOMAS, Clerk
All Wimdmen Invited
BvC A. voir.-rr
iflls) THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEWTUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 6, 1917.
EIGHT
IMMIGRANT CHINEE
' BUILDS RAILROAD
Cesitral Theatre
EAGLE THEATRE.
LAST LINGERING DOUBT OF SKEPTIC AND PACIFIST AS TO WHY THE UNITED STATES IS AT WAR WILL VANISH WHEN THEY SEE
TONIGHT
Starting 6:15 -
TONIGHT
C2 t a
3 B VI ill
4
U N
V9S
fir Til
y ... - ti, ! :.:
rhurrhM wnmiv destrnved tens nf thousands of ruit trees leveled to earth, houses sacked and dynamited. Inhabitants, outraged, pave-
ments lost in mine craters scores of feet deep, mile after mile of desolation and unnecessary and wilful destruction, and through all the i'.-
torious sons of immortal France pursuing the beaten ana retreating enemy:
f
BETTER than miles of word description, graphic in the extreme, timely and of vast interest to all are these
OFFICIAL FRENCH WAR PICTURES IN THREE FULL REELS; ALSO
BING! BANG!! A Roaring FOX FILM COMEDY in Two Acts
NO ADVANCE IN ADMISSION
10 and 15 Cents 10 and 15 Cents
i
Review is offering $50.03 to boy se
curing the greatest number of new
subscribers. Subscribe now.
LAST TIME TONIGHT
LAST TIME TONIGHT
fH A P 1
RAY
THE PIE SHOP.
Across the street from the Masonic
temple, upper Main street. Try our
delicious cooked fcods to take home
with you. Orders taken for cakes
and pies, the kind that melt in your
mouth. Luncheon service from 11:30
to 6. Adv-729
5
Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath, 98 Mastn
Hill. Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647.
dv. 231
IN
THE
t
C
ODHOPPER
! Expert paper hanger ana painter. C
J. Brandt. Phone 456. Box 150. 580
THE GOLDINGEST EVER. IT'S A RIOT! See Him wake Broadway ip! He will keep you laughing and
cloddhopping! He sets 'em afire and he has them all dancing the "Clodhopping Glide". A comedy drama that
tops them all. Also
THIRST A Triangle Keystone in two reels making the greatest comedy bill ever put on a single program.
Review being offered to new sub
! scribers for $2.00, 3 months. Look this
' up. Help some boy win $50-00.
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
ORPHEUM THEATRE
Wednesday and Thursday
-f November 7th and 8th
'MADAM J. REA KEYS
, At the St Regis Hotel,
Room 10, Lowell, Arizona.
PHRENOLOGIST & ASTROLOCilST
The grea:est living spiritually or
Idained medium and crystal reader.
Without asking questions I will read
: your entire life. If you dobut my abi
lty, call and I will give you positive
evidence in your own life. I am not tc
be compared with fortune tellers and
such like, impostors wM prey upon
the public with their unprincipled
methods. Engagement hours daily
and Sunday, 8 a, m. to 8 p.m.
Advertisement-208
)
1 1 -'?'-.1'W,f:..
A
; Thirty ye::rs aj wl,er G!iin Gee
.'Hee came to America, nn immigrant,
he had an smtution to builii a rail
road in h?s native China. He started
business in Seattle with his savings
,and after proyjerin retained to
i China, interesting canital in his pro
iject and iireof'n7 th? construction
of the road. Iraveyards are so
imany in China that Chi'.Cee. Hec's
chief difficulty was in ovpivominjr
his cour.t.ym:.;'.-: opposition to a:
railroad th;t v.-oulu n.-r-f.-ssarily
.pass thiouh nif.ny cf the burial
grounds.
KNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS.
K. C. Dance, Tuesday evening, No
vember 6. K. C. hall. All members
and friends invited. 354
D. W. Griffith's Colossal Spectacle
COMING.
Er. Schell. the wt-11 known optomet
rist and optician of Tucson, will be a:
J the Copper Queen hot;l on his r;AU-
lar quarterly visit , eunesuuy and
Thursday, November 7 and 8. If you
need glasses call en him for expert ser-
4 vice. Special utii.-ntion to emiuren s
eyes. Adv-297
IN
OLERANCE
:or:
Love's Struggle Throughout the Ages
Need glasses? See Dr. Schell the op
tometrist of Tucson on his regular vis
it next Wednesday and Thursday. Cop
per Queen hotel. Adv-298
Fruitman Fashionable Ladies' Tailors
specializing in women's suits. Furs of
every descriptfon relined and rera'Kl
eled. Phor.e Black 798, oppo3ite Y. M.
C. A. A lv-76(
The Towering Result of a Genius' Mind and Exhaustive Research
ANCIENT BABYLON,
THE FAMOUS FEAST OF BELSHAZZAR
TOWERING WALLS, HANGING GARDENS
125,000 PEOPLE 7,000 HORSES
1,500 CHARIOTS
DANCERS OF THE ORIENT IN THEIR
LUXURIOUS ENVIRONMENTS JUDEA'S
BEAUTIFUL SIMPLICITY AT THE DAWN
OF THE CHRISTIAN ERA. MEDIAEVAL
PARIS AND COURT OF CHARLES IX.
Linked witn the Modern story of Today
A REAL HOME Two 4 room hous
es, 2 large lots, deeded ground, 40
fruit trees, garden, lawn, sheds, chick
en houses, etc.; the garden spot of the
Warren District. $3,009. Terms. See
WINTERS & BORREGO, Lowell.
S40
KNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS.
K. C. Dance, Tuesday evening, No
vember 6, K. C. hall. All members
and friends invited. 354
DON'T PAY RENT, 3 room furnish
ed houe. Upper Lowell, in good con
dition, a bargain at $900. See
, WINTERS & BORREGO, Lowell.
: 340
r3 U1U) KTTE'S uTiioW
GIVKV FIM H(T()P
Admission Matinee, 25 and 50c; Nights 25-35-50-75c
RESERVED SEATS ON SALE TODAY TODAY!
Mlbi iii.iniiHii
Business Locals
'Three months for $2.00 Review.! Two dollars for three months Re
See your carrier. ' view. See your carrier.
L. I Gilman sells the New Edison,
"the phonograph with a soul."
The LaCorona Corset made to meas
ure, non-rusting steels, self adjusting
back sheath lace front. If urgent can
fill order in 10 days by calling on Mrs.
Oilmore, 81 School Hill, Miss Moore's
apartments. Agent will call at your
residence. Adv 533
See your carrier Two dollar for1
three months three months for $2.00 !
Review. '
I
Dr. E. R. Carpenter, Eye, Ear, Nose '
and Throat Douglas every Wednes
day. Office,
Building
Room
No. 19, Meguire
476
R. R. WATCH INSPECTORS
Prompt repairing, careful workmar
ship, courteous treatment. Lowell
Jewelry Slrbp. Adv. 886
RockhiU's stage Bisbee-Tombstone.
Leaves Bisbee Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a.
m., 1:30 p. m. Leaves Tombstone Ar
lington hotel 10 a. m. 5 p. m. 7 passen
ger cars. Careful drivers. Phones, Bis
bee 5. Tombstone 88.
SELECT DANCE
Every Sunday night, Pythian Castle, O. ,
K. street. Invitations obtained from i
Committee or at the door. Adv 674 '
l
Are you planning to take the Re- i
view? Subscribe NOW. Read the list'
of boys who are working for the Re-i
view cash prizes, given for the great
est number of new subscriptions. 1
When your tooth aches, see a den
tist When your battery is ailing, see j
battery experts. Wlllard Service Sta-1
tlon, LbwelL Adv.-360
It will pay you to nave us check the
electrical system on your car. Lob
man Wright, Lowell. Adv.-360
PRIVATE SANITARIUM.
Call Black 573 for terms, etc.
Advertisement-97
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMB3TONE
Stage Line.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
daily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. f roro i
Cochise Motor Co.. Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. Night tele
phone. Green 368. 87."
(Advertisement)
.--vr- mm
' ' . V- - v.::: -:.::: -
1
I !
BRANDT IMPROVING
According to reports from the Cop
per Qaeen hospital, there is not much
doubt that Cashier Brandt of the First
National Bank of Tombstone, who was
shot by Fred Koch a few days ago.
will live, but there is no hope he'd
out that he will have the use of his
lower limbs. The doctors now state
that the bullet severed the spinal cord
and that he will be paralyzed from his
h'ps down.
. McCALL AND MANSFIELD
BOSTON, Nov. 5. The guletest po-
litical campaign Massachusetts hasj
had in years was brought' to a close j
tonight. Governor McCall.: republican, j
is seeking a third term; opposed byj
Frederick W. Mnnsefield, democrat,
who also opposed him. last election.
The only congressional con'est is in'
the sixth district between Wilfred W.j
Lufkin. republican, and George H.
Schofield, democrat, to succeed Con
gressman Augustus P. Gardner, who
entered the army.
LACE MAKES THIS
GOWX ATTRACTIVE
TT? Ferrers,
p. r
1 ,
Is-
'its
Mrs di.;, ;.i ...u- ourdette.
Mrs uu:h rlrnd:v tfurdette.
widow of the late iJsv. Ito'uert J.
iBurdetie of Pasadena. Cal., has thei
j-listinction of beinpr the first woman
jto he appointed trustee of a girls'
icollege in the United States.
Bryant Washburn Di
The Fiiers
d You Ever Tell
Just a Teeny Wee
ny White Fib to
Your Husband or
Wife?
Did You Get Away With It?
SEE THE MIXUPS IN THE FIBBERS. IT WILL GIVE
YOU THE SURPRISE OF YOUR LIFE.
MUSIC BY CENTRAL ORCHESTRA
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
TONIGHT K3'
SHOW LOT AT LOWELL
WOkTHAM
BROS. SHOWS
16 CLASSY SHOWS 16
3 BIG RIDES 3
The Biggest and Best
Carnival
Ever in This Section
oyal Theatre
SPECIAL TONIGHT ONLY
VAUDEVILLE Amateur VAUDEVILLE
4 -Big Feature Acts--4
CASH PRIZES FOR THE BEST ATTRACTION
Today's Picture Program
MARIN SAIS IN
THE LOST LEGION OF THE BORDER
An Adventure of the American Girl
GEORGE ADE COMEDY
"THE FABLE OF THE SPEEDY SPIRITE"
By the Essanay All-Star Comedy Company
WORLD LIBRARY No. 9.
LATEST NEWS IN PICTURES, SHOWING THE
CAPTURED GERMAN U-BOAT
IN CENTRAL PARK.
"BERTIE'S BATH"
SPARKLE COMEDY I N ONE ACT 30 SCENES
COMING TOMORROW
MOLLIE KING IN THE SEVEN PEARLS
"THE AIR PERIL."
PEARL WHrTE IN "THE FATAL RING"
"BORROWED IDENTITY."
TO TOMBSTONE
! which takes place here tomorow. The
rewn is uoiic
:il:ny iai'. 1. 1
foi; drape! will.
t. inmo.l with'
soft pink ol.if-
i.-ri crram mech-
lin lace caurht at the ne-k and side
with liny Loqucts of French rose.
A. E. Davis of Ue Huachuoa Water three-corner fight U caused by the
company, who has been here having supporters of two proposed changes
his arm treated, expects to return to In the Iorm of c(tT administration
his home In Tombstone within th tbe M " f the caadidite,
next few days. He will have to return .
here occasionally to have his arm j "" fr Uon- ne of the tmo
dressed. j proposed changes In the city adminis-
tration provides thut there be a coun-
IN VIRGINIA lc of e(fnt men eiet.tet tD these
RICHMOND. Va.. Nov. 5. Republi- e)Kht to elect a city manager. The
can opposition to all democratic noml- other proposes a council of 35 com
nees for state offices Is expected to mlssioners. who In turn will elect a
bring out a heavy vote tomorrow In cit3r manager. Both amendments car
Virginia. The republicans are run- tne personnel of the new councils,
ning on a "dry" platform and are at- j,et9 are gaff, and a heavy silent
! selling the democratic nominee fr.vote Js eTpected.
governor. Westmoreland Davis on the Two 0fjier amendments to the city
harse that he la a "wet" candidate . cj,arter are proposed. One would put
! the taxation system of the city on
NEW CHARTER IS ISSUE single tax basis .and the other would
' TUEBLO, Colo., Nov. 5. Because of Increase the salaries of the city em
a three-comer fight much Interest is pioyea. Single tax was tried here
being displayed in the city election four years ago and repealed In 1915.