MARKETS
WEATHER.
"NEW YORK CiTV
Average Drlce o rea
per for week ending
Feb. 21, 32 46.
Arizona: Thursday and
Friday fair; not much
change in temperature.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
'in
VOL. 19. NO. 228.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, THURSDAY MORNING, MARCH 1, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
RRHAM PLOT T
V
pip
hi
JAPAM All 1010
UNITED STATES IS EXPOSED
Release of American
Consuls In Germany
Is Requested By U. S.
Hy Review
WASHINGTON. Feb. 28 Immedi
ate release of four American consuls
being detained in Germany was ask
ed in a note sent the Herlin govern
ment tonight by the Cnited States.
The request was made in. reply to a
note received from Germany earlier
in the day in which It was announced
that the American oiiicials would be
allowed to travel to new posts in Eu
rope when the Berlin government had
been officially informed that German
consuls in this country ordered to
South and Central America had been
permitted to proceed.
German Delayed at .Cuba
The action of Germany was based
upon circumstances which through
no fault of this government detained
Consul Muller a Havana, Cuba,
Legislature Threatens To
Pass Appropriation Bill
And Avoid Extra Session
(By Review
PHOENIX, Feb. 28. The business
of the houBft of the legislature today
.insisted of a series of maneuvers on
the part of the majority of twenty two
members, by which the general ap
propriation bill was brought technical
ly through the committee on printing,
the committee of the whole and to the
verge of third reading and final
passage. All this was accomplished
in spite of the solid minority of twelve
by which a suspension of the rules
was presented at any stage. The bill
will be passed tomorrow .and sent to
the senate. It is believed tonight that
D. C. Dry Bill Passes
A nd Goes to President
Becomes Law Nov. 1
WASHINGTON, Feb. 28. Pro
hibition champions won their
fight in the house tonight for the
senate bill abolishing saloons in
the District of Columbia after No
vember 1. The measure passed
by a vote of 273 to 137 and was
sent to the President, who is ex
Army At El Paso
Under Quarantine
As Diseases Rage
(By Review Leased Wire)
EL PASO. Feb. 28. Because of
the spread of pneumonia, measles
and mumps among the soldiers of
this district, a quarantine has
been placed upon their camps by
the order M General Bell. The
army medical authorities advised
the measure, which is aimed to
keep the men as much as possible
in the open air. Only soldiers on
military business will be permit
ted to go to El Paso, although all
can move freely among the camps.
The order is explained as pre
cautionary, since the moving pic
ture theatres and other crowded
resorts are blamed f t the spread
of the contagious diseases, of
which pneumonia is the most
feared. The percentage of sick
ness, however, is not high, the
medical officers state.
PAPER MAKERS HUMBLE
BEFORE TRADE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON. Feb. 28. News
print paper manufacturers who have
proposed to the federal trade commls
sion that it fix prices for their pro
duct, submitted to the committee to
daf cost figures for their mills and
asked that the price allowed permit
tbem still to do business at a profit.
Present costs, they declared, would
mount during the year because of
scarcity of wood and advancing labor
prices.
mum
Leased Wire.)
while he was on his way from Atlanta
to his new post at Quito, Euador. The
United States, in its reply, made it
clear that the departure from this
country of German consular officials
had not been interferred with and
that this government could not con
trol the movements of German con
suls in Cuba or other foreign coun
tries. Those detained In Germany are
Consul Henry C. E. Damm, transferr
ed from Aachen to Harput, Turkey;
Consul John Q. Wood, transferred to
Messina from Chemnitz: Vice-Consul
W. Hiuce Wallace, transferred from
Madgeburg to Constantinoule, and
Vice Consul C. Innes Brown, trans
ferred from Mannheim to Constanti
nople. Leased Wire.)
an extra session will be avoided
The house passed the senate bill
buiboriiing the state to establish fr?e
employment bureaus under the en
couragement of the federal govern
ment. Governor Campbell signed the
anti-cigarette bill.
Acting on a communication from
Prof. I. Colndny. late of the University
of Arizona, calling attention to the
circumstances in which he had been
removed from the faculty, the senate
sustained the board of regents. The
senate spent the attention in a heated
discussion of the executive bill.
pected to sign it.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 28. Con
ferees on the postoffice appropri
ation bill late tonight agreed upon
a report thus virtually assuring
passage of the Reed amendment
barring the shipment of liquor
into prohibition states.
GermansShootDown
8 Enemy Aeroplanes
In Day In France
(By Review Leased Wire)
BERLIN, Feb. 28. (by wireless to
Sayville) "Of the eight hostile air
planes reported shot down on Febru
ary 23," says the Overseas News
Agency today, "three were brought
down north of the Somme. The fourth
lies close in front of our lines east of
St. Mihlel; the fifth, which was a
Nieuport, was smashed to bits in Al
sace,' between Pfastatt and Lutter
bach, while the sixth, also a Nieuport,
was brought down on the Macedonian
front.
"The seventh and eighth machines
belonged to the British air squadron
which attempted to attack . Saarge
muend." SONORA TROOPS MOVE
ON BANDITS IN ALTAR
DOUGLAS, Feb. 28. Americans
arriving today from Hermosillo said
General Arnulfo Gomez had left Mag
dalena early this week with 300 de
facto cavalry to campaign against
the forces of Colonel Francisco Reyna
operating in the Altar district for sev
eral weks. Reyna is reported to have
150 men.
Petrograd dispatch quotes Bourse
Gazette as saying: "America could
not be on guard in the Far Fast if en
gaged in a war with Germany, and,
therefore, requires proofs of Japan's
good intentions. Such proofs are un
derstood to have been given by Tokio.
wmm op iPEiL uOviim
WOULD SEND JAPAN UP DP
WASHINGTON, February 28 The Associated Press is enabled to reveal
that Germany, in planning unrestricted submarine warfare and counting its con
sequences, proposed an alliance with' Mexico and Japan to make war on the United
States, if this country should not remain neutral.
Japan through Mexican mediation, was to be urged to abandon her allies and
join in the attack on
Mexico, for her reward, was to receive general financial support from Ger
many, re-conquer Texas, New Mexico and Arizona -lost provincesand share in
the victorious terms Germany contemplated.
Details were left to German Minister von Eckhardt, in Mexico City, who by
instructions signed by German Foreign Minister Zimmermann at Berlin, January
19, 1917, was directed to propose the alliance with Mexico, to General Carranza.
and suggest that Mexico seek icihiring Japan into the plot ;
These instructions were, transmitted to von Eckhardt through Count von
Bernstorff, former German ambassador here, now on his way home to Germany
under a safe conduct obtained from his enemies by the country against which he
was plotting war. , i,
Germany pictured to Mexico by broad intimation, England and the Entente
allies defeated; Germany and her allies triumphant and in world domination by
the instrument of unrestricted warfare.
Kultur Would Sick Brown Races Oh America
A copy of Zimmermann's instructions to von Eck
hart sent through von Bernstorff is in possession of the
United States government. It is as follows:
"Berlin, January 19, 1917.
"On the first of February we intend to begin sub
marine warfare unrestricted. In spite of this, it is our
intention to endeavor to keep neutral the United States
of America.
SEEK ALLIANCE WrTH MEXICO.
"If this attempt is not successful, we propose an
alliance on the following basis with Mexico:
"That we shall make war together and together
make peace. We shall give general financial support
and it is understood that Mexico is to reconquer the lost
territory in New Mexico, Texas and Arizona. The de
tails are left to you for settlement
GET JAPAN IN TOO.
"You are instructed to inform the President of Mex
ico of the above in the greatest confidence as soon as it is
certain that there will be an outbreak of war with the
United States, and suggest that the President of Mexico
on his own initiative should communicate with Japan,
suggesting adherence at once to this plan; at the same
lime offer to mediate between Germany and Japan.
"Please call to the attention of the President of Mex
ico that the employment of ruthless submarine warfare
now promises to compel England to make peace in a few
months.
(Signed) "Zimmermann."
Plot Known Since Break
This document has been in the hands of this gov
ernment since President Wilson broke off diplomatic re
lations with Germany. It has been kept secret, while
the President has been asking congress for full authority
to deal with Germany, and while congress has been hesi
tating. It was in the President's hands while Chancellor
von Bethmann-Hollweg was declaring that the United
States had placed an interpretation on the submarine dec
laration "never intended by Germany" and that Ger
many had promoted and honored friendly relations with
the United States, "as an heirloom from Frederick the
Great." Of itself if there were no other, it is considered
a sufficient answer to the German chancellor's plaint that
SPLIT II. 3,; 110 10 GET ARIZONA
the united states.
the United States "brusquely" broke off relations with
out giving "authentic" reasons for its action.
LAST FRAUD OF BERNSTORFF.
The document supplies the missing link to many
separate chains of circumstances, which until now have
seemed to lead to no definite point It sheds new light
upon the frequently reported but undefmable movements
of the Mexican government to connect its situation with
the friction between the United States and Japan. It
adds another chapter to the' celebrated report of Jules
Cambon, French ambassador in Berlin before the war, of
Germany's world wide plans for stirring strife on every
continent where they might oppose her in the struggle
for world domination which she dreamed was close at
hand. It adds a climax to the operations of Count von
Bernstorff and the German embassy in this country,
which have been colored with passport frauds, charges of
dynamite plots and intrigue, the full extent of which
never has been published.
Jap Invasion From Mexico
It gives new credence to persistent reports of sub
marine bases on Mexican territory in the Gulf of Mexico ;
it takes cognizance of a fact long recognized by Ameri
can army chiefs that if Japan ever undertook to invade
the United States, it probably would be through Mexico,
over the border and into the Mississippi valley to split
the country in two. It recalls that Count von Bernstorff
when handed his passports was very reluctant to return
to Germany, but expressed a preference for asylum in
Cuba. It gives a new explanation to the repeated arrests
on the border of men charged by American military au
thorities with being German intelligence agents.
CARRANZA TRICK PLAIN NOW.
Last of all it seems to show a connection with Gen
eral Carranza's recent proposal to neutrals that exports
of food and munitions to the entente allies be cut off and
an intimation that he might stop the supply of oil, so vital
to the British navy, which is exported from the Tampico
fields.
WHAT WILL CONGRESS DO?
What -congress will do
Pr gress mho openly have sympathized with Germany in
and how members of con-
PowerFor
Wilson To
Be Voted
OnFriday
Lafolette Starts Filibuster and
Gets Vote Delayed By the
Senate By Playing Petty
Politics.
(By Review Leased Wire
WASHINGTON. F.b. 2S. Senator
Lafollette began a single handed fili
buster ug;;inst the armed neutrality
bill when the senate re-convened at
12:T5 o'clock this morning after a re
cess of ten minutes fo'lowing pas
sage of the revenue bill.
Senator lafolette insisted upon con
sinning time reading the journal of
previous days over the vigorous ob
jection of Senators Fall and Poindex-
i
tel. Republicans.
I Finally the Wisconsin senator wan
I induced to withdraw his objection en-,
condition that there should be no at
tempt to pass the bill before Friday.
When D mocratie leaders agreed to
this, the committee presented the bill
with -i favorable report und Senator
S on.- jk-l t hit 'J lay u'er nrtil Fri
day. Then the senate adjourned until Irt
o'clock this morning (Thursday the
majority abandoning plans fur taking
i'p the naval appropriation biil.
WASHINGTON. Feb iS. Opposi
t'on in congress to grain inc. President
Wilson authority to protect American
richts and lives on sea began meltmg
today and the administration's leaders
confidently predated action within
mother -4 hours.
There were indications that many
of the Republicans of the senate, who
though favoring the st.'ps nrrposed.
insist tl'ai congress should be called
in extra session, wculd vote for the
measure requested by the President
when thp roll was called. The chief,
if not the only reason, for uncprn:n
ty v.ns found in 'r.e atii'iide of S-na-tor
Lafolette. wl:o has given indica
tions of preparing for a single lian ?eI
filibuster in, tbe closing hours of the
session.
retails of the destruction of the
Cunard liner Laconia published In the
morning papers and telling of the suf
fering and death of an American
mother and daughter among the pas
sengers had its effect duriug toe day.
Members of the house and senate
whose communications had rt-r
largely from pacifists began receiving
telegrams from their constituents nil
ing for vigorous action by the govern
ment. The house foreign affairs rommittee
early in tiie dav reported out the
Flood bill authorizing the PresiiUnt
to arm American ships with amend
ments eliminating tht provision for
the use of other instrumentalities
and adding a prohibition against the
insurance of munition soips h the
government war risk bureau.
A special ruie to expedite p:i-saee
of the mensur was introduced ty
Chairman Flood of the foreign affairs
committee who said he piehaMy will
press it tomorrow. It would provide
for a vote not later than I oYli.ck p.
m.
The veering of opinion ni the rspi
tol in favor of the armed neiitrsli'v
bill was apparent throughout the day.
21 British Ships
Are Sunk In Week
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONIX1N. Feb. 28 Following is
the British weekly statement of ar
rivals and sailings, war losses, ar.d
unsuccessful attaiks on shipping lor
the week ending Sunday. Feb. 23:
"Arrivals and sailings, merchant
vessels of all nationalities over 1"0
tons net. at and from Vnitd King
dom ports, (exclusive of fishing and,
local craft! Arrivals. C.O; sailings,
2.201.
"Hritish merchant vesse's sunk by
min or mihn'srlne of ICllO tons cross
or over. IS: under liWO tons grosv S.
"Pritisli merchant vessels nnsue.
cessfully attacked by submarines. II;
Hritish fishing vessels sunk. "
L! TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, MARCH 1, 1917.
1
T'S BOIfiG IS TODAY'S TEXT
special offer it will behoove her lJ
keep at it with renewed visor during
i the next week; in fact anyone who
wishes to keep their votes alive will
have to look out for that old thief
"procrastination'.
Just about seventh in today's line-,
up of the merry candidates conies
Miss Mvrtle ArtAm. who has been de-
nionstrating her ability in no small
terms, a continuance of which will be
PEACE DOMES
What WiU Be Doing for Some and Won't Be Diong for Others j a stumbling block to those who are
Depends Upon the Energy Displayed by Each During the Vud-d Robinson
Remaining Week or this rig Vote schedule.
SPECIAL EXTRA VOTE SCHEDULE.
For new subscriptions ending Thursday night, March 8th, at Nine
o'clock sharp, after which hour a big reduction will be made is this
schedule.
New.
2 years' subscriptions 20,000
1 year subscriptions 7,500
6 months' subscriptions . 3,000
3 months' subscriptions 1.250
Renewal.
Mil 10
3000
1200
000
Sub. Price
$15.00
7.50
4.00
9 vrt
Note: The largest vote offer from now until the end of the contest.
follows in
eighth position and is holding her or
ganization together with h'jops of
.'steel. Her favorite expression is: "I
'don't know what the others have, but
I will never be satisfied that I have
enough," and she is proving iL
Then comes Mrs. Doris O'Neal with
plenty of courage and lots of real
energy to back it up, and never loses
a day without some real reason for iL
Tenth among the candidates is
Miss Caddie Clifford, who is surround
ed with some real good vote gather
ers. She is a resident of Gleeson and
is leaving nothing undone to place the
Review in every home in that section
, to say nothing 'of her splendid pro-
, gress right here in Bisbee. .
Mis Katy Johns 195.770 j real competition with the fourteen I Speaking of candidates who are
Miss Dot Finlaya.n J94.380 whose names precede them. 'making steady gains, let us talk of
Miss Emmabelle Rolfe 193.620 i Miss Katy Johns, who is first in to-Miss Francis Juliff. She goes at her
Miss Willa Robinson 192.050 dav'8 ust, has made a commendable j work in a real business way and her
Mrs. Grace Milner 191,820 showing since the beginning of the charming personality has brought
Miss Lola Andreas 190,330 contest, but she will have to keep! many subscriptions direct to the con
Miss Myrtie Arbon 189.650 a steadv pace to hold her position. jtest department by niaiL
Miss Mildred Robinson 188.960 Johnson Addition is sti'ongly repre-j Mrs. Ruth Sargent is to be given
Mrs. Doris O'Neal 187,110 sented by Miss Dot Finlayson. whose considerable credit for the standing
Miss Caddie Clifford 186,520 record for steadv gain compares with; she has. considering the fact that she
Miss Frances Juliff 185,880 any She is second in today's counL ! has not invested the best part of her
Mrs. Ruth Sargent 184,370 Miss Emmabelle Rolfe. who is time in vote gathering. She is herald
Mrs. Frank Mosler 183.220 .third in the list, has a host friends ed as "the candidate who culd if
Mrs. Glover Quails 180.02Q ti, rullv interested in her cam- she would". Will she? I
Miss Gladys Doescher 166.730 naisn. but friends cannot do it all
A6AJN 10
NORTHERN
MEXICO
Carranza Forces Are Gradual
ly Reclaiming ' Chihuahua
for Organized Government
From Banditry.
BACKBONE OF VILLA
. REVOLT IS BROKEN
Few Weak, Scattered Bands
Alone Yet to Be Rounded
Up Murguia Soon to Go
After Villa Again.
Miss Rose Walker 114.090 The candidate must be her own gen
Miss Cora Gundry 54,660 erai and good generalship in enythlng
( generally wins."
Again the names and standings of Miss Willa Robinson has a number
the various candidates are published, of boosters who are subscribing every
and with each announcement it is ; day. and will be heard from in big
plain to be seen that each is adding ; round figures if she continues to per-
to her total in an endeavor to reach j severe, in the future as she has in the
the goal on March 24. past.
It is not important at this writing' Mrs. Grace Milner, who conducts
that a candidate be at the top f the the New Art Shop, is a favorite who
lisL The numbers represent the close has received quite a few subscriptions
lines in which the candidates are right over he counter of the Review,
vieing with one another, and it is just It is not luck it is real campaigning
possible that the last in the list may that is bringing the results her friends
be first in reality. may well feel proud of.
While such does not seem altogether Miss Lola Andreas, who was select
probable in the cases of Miss Coral ed by her friends to make a real big
Gundry. Miss KVise Walker and Miss showing, is holding on to the spirited
Gladys Doescher, nevertheless it would gain she made at the very start, but
not take much of an effort to put them as real action is looked for during this
If Mrs. Frank Mosler appears to be
thirteenth in the list, it would hardly
be her correct position if the votes
were published in total. "Nuf said".
And there you are.
Just one week from tonight the
biggest special offer during the bal- j
ance of the contest will come to an ;
end. It offers Votes in big numbers i
for those who really want one of the
big cars bigger numbers by thou-'
sands of votes than will ever be ot-1
fered again. I
Lowell is being ably represented by !
Mrs. Glover Quails, whose total has
risen to the point for real competition.
This w.eek's offer had ia sooner been
announced that Mrs. Quails took hold
of her receipt book for another lively
skirmish.
Good for
1 0
Votes.
Vote Coupon
Good for
1 0
Votes
ine iiisice :&uy Keview
Greater Automobile end Prize Contest.
DOUGLAS DEPUTIES
BATTLE. WITH TWO
MEXICAN BURGLARS
(By Review Leased Wire)
EL PASO, Feb. 28. Carranza
forces are gradually gaining con
trol of northern Mexico and for
cing the Villa tr ftps into the un
settled mountainous districts, ac
cording to American travelers and
refugees who have reached the
border during the past 24 hours.
VILLA'S COUP THWARTED.
They say General Francesco
Murguia has gsined control of the
situation in the north, crushed
Villa's offensive which was plan
ned against Juarez and Chihua
hua City and for the first time in
years, has undertaken the problem
of adequately policing the state
of Chihuahua, including the dis
trict evacuated by Pershing's
punitive expediti in.
New Hunt for Villa.
General Francisco Murguia is now
in Chihuahua City reorganizing his
forces for another Offensive cam
paign against Villa, after having de
cisively defeated him at Jimenez and
driven him from I'arral, besides cap
turing all of his trains. General Jose
Carlos Murguia is in the Casas Grandes
district in command of the troops
NO INDIGESTION, GAS,
OR STOMACH MISERY
IN FIVE MINUTES
"Pape's Diapepsin" for sour
acid stomach, heartburn,
dyspepsia.'
Time it! In five minutes your sour
acid stomach feels fine. No indiges
tion, heartburn, or belching of gas. or
eructations of undigested food, no diz
ziness, bloating, foul breath or head
ache. Tape's Diapepsin is noted for its
sreed in sweetening unset stomachs.
It is the surest, quickest and "most
certain stomach antacid in the whole
world, and besides, it is harmless.
Millions of men and women- now
eat their favorite foods without fear
they know Pane's Diapepsin will save
them from such miser'.
1'lease, for your sake, get a large
fifty-cent case of Pape's Diapepsin
from any drug store and . put your
stomach rifilit. Don't keep on being i
miserable life is too short you are
not here long, so make your stay
iD,M.)tla V i . w vn.i lilrA anil A-i.
loy li, wunoui ureaa oi ncia iennen
tation in the stomach.
Papes Diapepsin belongs in your l
home anyway. Should one of the
family eat something which don't
agree with them, or in case of a a at
tack of indigestion, dyspepsia, gas
tritis or stomach derangement due to
fermentation and acidity, at daytime
or during the night, it is handy to
give the quickest, surest relief krown
Advertisement.
V" ... ' I
J. B. on
A ftJ if H 1 i W I
PURE
FOOD
uKULfcK
I Phone 29. 1
REVENUE BILL OF
$350,000,000 IS
PASSED BY SENATE
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Feb. 28 The ad
ministration revenue bill, designed to
raise $330,000,000 through special tax
s and bond issues, was passed by the
senate late tonight by a strict party
ote, 47 to 33.
The vote followed the defeat of
scores of amendments offered in quick
s'uvession by Republicans. Senator
Stone moved to adjourn at until 12:40
o'clock so as to clear the legislative
situation for consideration of the
-red neutrality bill.
Senator Penrose countered with a
notion to adjourn to 10:30 tomorrow
'lorning and when tat ad been vo'
ed down, another by Senptor Lafol
ette was beaten.
m
For Mrs. or Miss..
Address..
Not good if depesited after March 1st. Clip as many f these coupons
coupons as you can and ask uur friends to t:p them for you.
Coupons must be deposited in .iat packages and not rolled. Clip
neatly on border lines.
r
(Special to The Review) j
DOL'GLAS. Feb. 2S Deputy Sher
iffs Percy bowden and Charlie Cross
covered themselves with glory today
by battling with two alleged Mexican
burglars in front of the Fifteenth St.
CLIP ON BLACK BORDERS school while pretty school teachers
and hundreds of pupils cheered them
, on j
i At 10:13 o'clock Miss Peterson, a j
v. : v. ........ v. .. , n . .........
.l a . . B . nulla imtr ucii atriiv Mine in
Alleged Crooks Are Captured western chihuahua whils Lieut, col.
A- Struck Watched by Navarro, from Sonora. is moving east-
it , i e o i. . ward toward Juarez with a large force 1 pllll t PTTO AHACC
Hundreds of Smelter City of Carranza troops to reinforce the $ UillLU U I 0 UP.UuO
School cmidren. ;ooiUer su.
10,000 Trcops.
Gets
While these troop movement have
been in progress, reports brought to '
the border from Torrt'jn say appro.vi-'
mately 10,000 Carranza troops have .
been sent north from Mexico City,
Tepic and Guadalajara to Torreon, ;
Gomez Palacio, Jimenez and Chihua
hua City to reinforce General Mur
guia. Humors thst Villa had died from
SICK AND FEVERISH
WHEN CONSTIPATED
is
; r 7
A AT 'if A
A7AV:iMV s
w A
New Spring Suits
$18.50, $22.50, $25 to $50
-((jlX)R this seems to be th-.- inxpiration for the Sl'lTS of the
new season. Suits for tailored wear--Suits for sports wear Suits for
afternoon Wear, for siioi.pin;;. business, dress wear and for every
occasion Milady can recall or invent.
SUITS DESIGNED BY ARTISTS GOOD WEAVERS
WOVE AND DYED THE FABRICS EXPERT CUT.
7tS CUT THEM AND THEY VERE MADE AND FIN
KsHED DY SKILLED CRAFTSMEN IN NEW YORK'S
BEST SHOPS.
COMVtNCli wnh aiiy feature of t'ie-o unusual Suits aud inspect
tl'em from every angl You'll always come to the same conclusion
that every element of good clothes is a part of them That your
nx.ny is huyin? its tumost in Style, Q'laliiy and Value. We did not
eliminate good maicrials to hring the cost mark down The beauty of
the suits proves this. Today's exhibition of suits is extensive -nough
to make your visit a most interesting one.
teacher in the Fifteenth street school, ! the effects of the bullet wound re
happeced to gsze out of the window : ceived in 1916 at Guerrero, which have
and saw two Mexicans enter t!e back ! been in circulation here for two days
door of the residence occupied by ' were denied tonight by government
Wade Cummins and his sister. Char-, agents, who claim to have received a
lotte. lorated on D avenue between ' report direct from Villa's camp near
Fourteenth and Fifteenth streets, just ' San Andres, saying Villa was much
back of the Perry R. Smith store. She , improved in health following a slight
notified Miss Verne Rogers, principal infection in his wounded leg and that
or the school, who in turn notified Mr. ! e was preparing to resume the cam
Smith. He called up the police sta-Pa,6n that had been delayed by his
tion and then taking his rifle sta- j -''ness.
tioned himself near the house to see Salazar Unsupressed.
that the burglars did not escape be-1 Salazar continues to operate w ith
fore the officers arrived. j D's rebels in the vicinity of PeanAjn,
Cross nd Nowiten rushed nn in an ! ChihU3hua. 20 miles south of Casas
automobile a few minutes later and
while Smith and other "'en guarded
the doors. t?ie two officers. villi
drawn revolvers, entered the house.
The two burglars separated, making
a fr.-'ntic dash for liber'y. but ea-h ol
fleer cornered his man, though it was
necessary to knock one of them dowi j
several times before he would surrcn- !
der. j
In the rovautime, recess had occurr
ed and teachers and
around to see the thrilling capture.
When the officers emerged from the
house one of the prisoners, probably
also stimulated by the sight of the
spectators, made another dash for lib
erty, but was overpowered.
At the police station it was found
each man had on two suits of stolen
clothes, three or four shirts and num
erous pairs of socks. One of them
l:ad on three pairs of pants. They re
fused to divulze their names, but said
tey came to Douglas a few days ago
fro-n Cananea, and came originally
from Culiacan, Sonora. It is believed
they are responsible for numerout
robberies that have occurred tho pat.
lew- days.
At the station one of the burglar?
lost his nerve aid asked Officer
Cross to taVe the 30-20 rifle captured
from huu and kill him at once.
Look Mother! If tonsu
Coated clean little liver
and bowels.
!f your little one's tongue is coated
it is a sure sign the stomach, liver
ead uowels need a gentle, thorough
cleansing at once. When your child
is crcos, peevish, listless, pale, doesn't
sleep, eat or act naturally; if breath
's bad, stomach sour, system full of
cold, throat sore, or if feverish, give
a teaspoonful of "California Syrup of
Figs,"' and In a few hours all the
clogged-up, constipated waste, sour
bile and undigested food will gently
nove 'out of the bowels, and you have
a well, playful child again.
Sick children needn't be coaxed to
take this harmless "fruit laxative."
Grandes. He recently! looted Colonia
Itint ATuriimn nnliitir imnPiit.'L'iiii
all available Mexicans into his com-1 ,1'1!,ons' of 'Hcr keep it hanly be-
maud. robbing all btorcs and hquses
I but protecting the
t tiers ft'.im harm.
2C0 Mormon sct-
ORIGINAL BIS8 EE-TOMBSTONE
STAGE LINE.
The original Tombstone stage leav
pupils gathered I daily at 7 a. :n. and 1:30 p. in. fron.
I Prt,!.. fntn, Cr. Tl.r.M. AAA 1 ti wot
punctually on time daily. 939
(Advertisement)
On both sides of the Ancre river in
France the British forces continue to
make progress. North of the stream
the important village of Gommecourt
and the village of Puisiux-au-Mont
and trench systems near them have
been captured, while south of the l'ov
er the forces which previously had
:aken Ligny pushed eastward and oc
eupied Thilloy, about a mile south
west of Baptume and a trench at
Sailly-Saillisel.
The capture of Gommecourt was fol
lowed by the driving of the British
line a thousand yards northeast of
that place. Whether the Germans of
fered resistance m any of these sec
tors is not stated by the British offi
?ial communication.
On the remainder of the front in
France and Belgium minor attacks
and aerial duels continue. Near Clery
rras and Lens successful raids we re
carried out by the British and a Ger
nan raid northeast of Armentleres
was repulsed.
Comparative quiet prevails in Rv.s
sia and Galicia. On the northwestern
frontier of Rumania, in the Jacobeni
Ximpolung secfor, the Teutons have
captured several hill positions from
the Russians ,aml taken more than
1.300 prisoners. Petrograd in admit
ting the loss of the positions says that
a counter attack gave the Russians
possession of one of the positions.
For the first time since the com
mencement of Germany's intensified
submarine campaign, the past 24 hours
have brought no reports Iroiu London
of vessels having been sent to the bot
tom by underwater boats ormines.
BIG.
veraare
isplay .
of the famous
GORHAM PATTERNS
Chantilly Etruscan
Clermont in Single pieces
and beautiful Mahogany
Chests. t .
Also
The International Silver
Company's line of beauti
. ful Hollow Ware.
See Window Display
Get My Prices.
L L. GILMAN.
i
HEINO & KEANE
Cleaning, Pressing and Re
pairing $1.25 a Suit
Suits from $25 to $55.
All work done on the premises
by Union Tailors.
Phone 677, Johnson Addition.
EYE NERVE GLASSES
Permanently toeater
in Bisbee. exct-i
rz v n mrnnn in nniii'w
w-,.-.
$f Room 1. Maze
Building.
OR. R. GLAZE. Neurologist
Phone 156,
O- K. UVERYand
UNDERTAKING O
Poert Iler.essey, prrp
' . yi p- Arv.l I
Ha the -
CITY PARR TAILORS
make your next suit 3000 oat
terns to pick from Under new .
-tv park. Blsbea
flevpectfuriy Solicit Vour
Patronage
PHONE 58
Watkins k Bergquist
Quality Jewelers
The Best Opticians
If You Don't Sabe
Ask Art
ause they know its action on the
stomach, liver and bowels is prompt
and sure. They also know a little
riven to-day saves a sick child tomorrow.
Ask yo:ir druggist for a 50-vont bot- j
tlo of "California Syrup of Figs.",
which contains directions for babies, i
jhiluren of all ages and for grown-ups '
plainly on the bottle. Ik-ware of couu
ti-rfeils sold here. Gt the genuine;
made by "California Fig Syrup Com-'
pany". Advertisement. '
: CHICHESTER SPILiS.
!-.. H kl.i-om.
ff lrr A.K'fl l.M !sl -i-TtTBH
Jf V '-.!i:M ';.!.
S ytmki...-.-.-- ' AvvKfuaLM
T. .y .W...- . V. . . U. U. MJ. . M -
I The HALLM!IC . .re j
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best ot everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 50c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
7 GIRLS ON TRUCK
DIE IN TRAIN CRASH
Mangled Frrrrs of Factory
Workers Still Wedged Be
reh Wrecked Train at;
City of Lima, Ohio.
LIMA. Feb 28. Seven dead and 12
Injured in the hospital it least two of;
whom will die, was the toll of an auto :
niobi'e accident here tonight.
Twenty two homeward bound cm
ployes of the Oh Steel Foundary '
were hurled through the air and be-1
ncHtli train w heels when a Cincinnati, i
Hamilton and Dayton freight struck i
the h'JS. 1
The President's
Wedding Cake
As an needed attraction to the regular bill, The Presi
dent's Wedding Cake will be shown at the
Central Theatre, at Lowell
Thursday and Friday nights
L J. OYERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
very
lady
snou
Id
see
this
wonuer
mis 3 it.
ful picture. Don't
IT'S PAINT
that c wish to call your atten.
tion to at this writing paint
that is pretty in effect, durable
dud bun proof. We furnish it tu
any quantity er iu ttardrd m
c.ins ready for Ube in a4umeDt.
ft course- we have everything
that goe with paint am
p.iper. putty, oil. driers, brushes.
. We guarantee all our woik
and cliarge uioderately for our
services.
Bisbee Lumber Company. "n.
EMIL MARKS. Mgr
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE ii.
1
A
- THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, MARCH 1, 1917.
THREE
M BF FRAHGE NAMED BY
II. S. AS RESERVE 8B AG1I
(By Review Leased Wire.) proposed arrangement w ill link the
WASIIINCiTON, Feb. IK. The fed- lin.uici.il dep.irrijients oC the Init.-d
end reserve board tolay nitn.ir-z.'d States una rrunce in an odicial ap
tlie appointment of the Hank of Krun. e uu ity lor the lirst time,
a correspondent of the federal rr-j Todas action is viewed as another
serve bank, of New York. Other led- step, in the comprehensive program
eral' reserve banks, it was annonn'-ed adopted by the bliard of strengthening
will be permitted to rnuiripme in the the linaneial position of the I'nited
arrangement upon its establishment. States whatever the. future may .bring
Authority for the appointment was and particularly with a view to if
pranted in pursuance of the board's fording iuternai ioiial machinery fur
polit y of extending the banking eon-'cyiending American commerce after
rections of the federal reserve system the war. The benefit which it is cv
thxoughout the world and was fore- petted will accrue through the ap
shairowed by similar action taken in ' pointment of the Bank of France as
the case of the Bank of England last correspondent will come principally
I'ecember. ; after peace shall have been establish
As the Bank of France, like the ed. it will go far toward making more
Hank of England and federal reserve 1 certain the maintenance of the dollar
system are official government or- as the standard of ititernatloMil cx
ganizations. the establishment of the 'change.
COLODNY'S DISCHARGE
UPHELD BY SENATORS
PHOENIX, Feb. 2S. The senate
committee on education had a linal
hearing Tuesday on the case of I. Col-1
odny, who appeared before the com-.
mittee several weeks ago to pi'otest
against the manner of his discharge
from an, instroctorship in the' Univer
sity of Arizona. The opposite of the
controversy was represented yester
day by a university regent, Frank H.
Hereford, who spent an hour or more
m a careful presentation ".if the side
of t!i? school's goerning body. This
is understanding that the committee
is convinced that the regents acted
with discretion anil for the best in
terests of the university, with a de
sire to acc omplish what they did with
the least degree of retlection upon any
one concerned. Entirely "outside of
local sources, it is learned that there
is an error in a popular understanding
to the effect that Colondy. as an ex
ponent of a certain school of socialogy
went to the Tucson institute)! in any
Way sponsored by Governor Hunt or
os his. representative. The appoint
ment lay wholly with President Von
Klein-Suiid.
"Kondon's" Helps to Clear Baby's Head.
Modern mothers don't let their children sniffle. They know
that a tube of genuine Kondon's Catarrhal Jelly will make the
child breathe more comfortably. Since 1889, 20 million intell
igent American mothers have used Kondon's for cold -in -head
or nasal catarrh. Some druggists offer you complimentary trial
cans. All druggists offer 25 cent tubes with the understanding
that if the first tube does not do you a dollar's worth of good,
you can get your quarter back from Kondon's Catarrhal Jelly,
Minneapolis, Minn.
Eon
ONLY TWO DAYS REMAIN
Great Verde
Extension Syndicate
This is the last offering of Great Verde Extension Cop
per Company's stock at
Capital $750,000.
Thursday morning, March 1 st, the Treasury Stock
goes on the market at 30c per share.
This property adjoins the United Verde Extension on
the east and is only a few hundred feet from Dundee
Arizona property. This stock is one of the best buys
in the Jerome District.
-For further particulars and map of Jerome-District
call on or write
A. C Anderson, Rep. for Southern Arizona
In V. N. Edwards Real Estate Office, Muheim Bldg.,
Brewery Gulch, Bisbee. Phone 207.
MYSTERY PLAY TO BE
ONBOARD AT EAGLE
"The Sign of the Poppy", a
Bluebird Feature, One Day
Only at the Eagle.
Bluebird will present a "'mystery
play" in "The Sign jf the J'oppy" at
the Eagle theatre today only, with
Hobart Henley pliying the dual role
of Chang and Alvin Marsttm. The
mystery need not be fully exposed in
an outline of the story, lor interest in
the photoplay would be proportionate
ly lessened. Suffice it to say that
Chang and Alvin are twins; that
Chang Was stolen when an infant and
raised as a Chinaman, with hatred of
the name Marston instilled within him.
When, in later years, the older Mars
ton is murdered and Alvin marries, the
bride and gro.)tn are persecuted in
mysterious ways. Crime results and
in the long run the guilty ones meet
just fate, and thus the story is permit
tod to end happily. For those who
like their love stories mixed with sen
sationalism and adventure, "The Sign
of the Poppy", weird in mystery and
gripping in its interest, will be con
sidered the best of all Bluebirds.
a
E
Par Value 25c
a Share
4
URGE PUPILS TO COMBAT
HIGH LIVING COST
KANSAS CITY. Feb. IS. The
enlistment of school children of
the I'nited States in efforts fo
defeat the hiuh cost of living by
the greatest production of vege
tables 'in. schtfid gardens was con
sidered here today by the School
Garden Asoeial ion of America.
It met as a part of the annual
convention of the siipcrintelid
ency division of the National
Education Association. Flans
were made by which agricultur
ists connected with city schc.ds
will obtain permission to use
vacant lots and buck yards fir
this na:
MURDERERS MAY BE
RELEASED ON BAIL
IS RULING OF COURT
. . C f " I D l
juiitiuii vi -wa-jiia. i uuiau -
ment Leaves Cases Bailable
Is Opinion Handed Down
by Justice Cunningham.
PHOE.VIX. Feb. 28. Murder is now
1 crime for which bail may be accept
ed in the state of Arizona. It is no
longer possible to hold a man charg
ed with any degree of murder in jail
without bond. The old rule which his
been in vogue in the state for half a
century, which causes a man charged
with the killing of another, to be jail-
?d and held in close confinement until
he has been either acquitted or con- i of Mexican officials. Last November
victed. has been declared null and the British charge at Mexico City pre
void by the supreme court of the sented to the Carranza foreign office
state. la notification that if It was discover-
In an opinion handed down Monday ! ed that Mexican neutrality had tlius
vritten by Chief Justice Franklin and 1 been violated, the allies would take
"oncurred in by Justices Cunningham J "drastic measures" to prevent a con
und Ross, in the case of a convicted tinuanee of that situation,
bootlegger asking for bail pending his I In a note almost insolent in tone,
uueal To the supretie court, it hrs ' Foreign Minister Aguilar replied to
hern inferred by the court that the the charge that, in effect, it was the
abolishment of the death penalty lias business of the allies to keep Gentian
so acted to wipe out any reason why submarines out of western wateis.
an accused man stiouiu nor De admit
ted to tail. In other words there be
ing no offenses punishable by death,
there can be no offenses for which
nil can be refused.
The decision admits that the ques
tion of giving bail is a matter of dis
cretion on the part of the court, but
it goes a little farther and states the
unconstitutional amendment relating
to the abolishment of the death pen
alty has materially modified the old
law.
GERMAN PLOT TO
"$PiKE".S.
; (Continued
j ''-cm op'io.sition
tent with full
(Continued From Pace One
ion to clothing the Presi-
authority to Drotect
f.ni i!ci.n riwhts will resard the rev
' "at inns of Germany's machinations
I l a! ack the United States, is the
j s-iliiect of the keenest interest. Such
j T.roposal as Germany instructed her
! !';i-ister to make the last two years
,f the operations of German agents
j --t alone in Mexico, but all through
''"iitral America and the West Indies
'.! based on fact. There is now no
doubt whatever that the proposed hU
liance with Mexico was known to
high Mexican officials who are dis
tinguished for their anti-Americanism
Among them are Rafael Zubaran,
Carranza's minister to Germany and
Luis Cabrera, Carranza's minister of
finance.
Mexico Would Stop Oil
It is apparent that the proposal had
taken delinite form when Zubaran re
turned to Mexico City from Berlin re
cently. His return from his foreign
nost was covered by the fact that
Carranza had cailed in many of his
diplomats for "conferences." Some
time before that. Cabrera while still
ft Atlantic City in the conferences of
the American-Mexican joint commis
sion, had suggested in a guarded way
to a member of the American section
that he regretted that the commission
iad not succeeded fully in settling
i the difficulties between Mexico and
jthe United States for, he said, he had
(hoped it might continue its work and
make peace for the world.
When pressed for some details of
how the commission could restore
world peace, Cabrera suggested that
the American republics controlled the
destiny of the war by controlling a
targe part of its supplies. Mexico, he
'ntininted. might do her part by cut
ting off exports of oil. The American
commissioners dismissed his ideas as
Want War
Almost coincident with Zubaran's
return from Germany. Cabrera return-'
ed to Mexico City, open in his expres
sions of Hiiti-Americanism. Zubaran.
before being sent abroad, had repre
sented General Carranza here while
the Niagara mediation conferences
vere ptoceeding and was no less
tvowedly anti-Ann rican than Cabre
ra. Fans Hatred in Mexico
Meanwhile Baron von Schoen. sec
retary of the Gorman embassy here, 1
was transferred to the legation in
Mexico City. No explanation could
he obtained of the reason for his
transfer and such investigation as
vas possible failed to develop why a I
secretary from the I'nited States j
should be sent to the German lega
tion in Mexico. Raron von Schoen's
association with the mo-s. if any at
-'I. does not appear. The only out
ward indication that he r jsht have
been connected with them is found
'n the fact that he recently had been
detached from the German embassy
in Tokio and was well acquainted i
with the Japanese minister in Mexi- .
co City. ;
Carranza's peace proposal was op-,
enly pronounced an evidence of Ger-I
man influence in .Mexico, by oiliclals
I here, who declared it was intended
only to embarrass the I'nited States
Then aiiti irt nily. some iriiliicnce
J showed their effect on tbo course of
I Lilt- .llt'.MI till iiiiii iiv Mill! 1IU I l ll-
i ruary 2" Cabrera, the minister ot fi
.' nance, issued a statement describing
the "amazement" of the Mexican gov-
j eminent that American newspaper- !
should have interpreted Carranza's
i.rnTHKiil tn cut off exnorts of muni-
tions as a suggestion that he mi-,-h'
cut oil' shipments of British oil. Theyjaimy also have been persistent, at-
were, Cabrera declared, "entirely I though the relatiw- . iinuui i.ini e ol
groundless." and that feature of the j that to the i-ropused alliance is not
situation ended j fully established. It was recalled to-
Jaoan Believed Ready ' nisnt' to' lnat lasl N,v,,,"ht I- ""n
JaPa" oenevea Heaay ;,:,n. American ioint commis
Japan Believed Ready
There was an Intimation that Ger
many's astounding proposal that Jap-1
an turn traitor to her allies had been
answered by Tokio.
Count von llernstorff's connection
with . the plot, further than serving
as the channel of communication, is
intensified by the fact that the Ger
man embassy here was rot merely
the medium of delivering a message
in this instance, but was really a sort
of heaibiuarters for all the German
missions in Central and South Ameri
ca. The German naval attache. Captain
. noy.Ed. and the military
tain von Papen. whose
uttache. Cap,
recall was
forced by the state department be-
cause of their military activities in
this country also were accredted to
Mexico and between the outbreak of
the war and their departure from this
country, made at least one visit there.
U-Boat Bass in Mexico
For months many naval officers
here have believed that the mysteri
ous German sea raiders of South At
lantic must have found a base some
where on the Mexican coast and that
such a base could not be maintained '
J without
the knowledge and consent I
ann that if they were not kept out
Mexico would adopt whatever course
the circumstances might commend.
To German influences also have
been attributed in some quarters the
vigorous steps taken by the def.icto
Easily dmmted by even the
tlomachaf icodi lui tn ut body' Jy"
O'Liiainjf propmtn. i7
'. rww.W baby JcotL
AT LCAOINa ORUGSISTS C
WIDEMANN.EDAT MILK Ctt
r
ATTENTION! 1
SOLDIERS.
WANTED: Soldier to take
orders for pennants,; pillows and
border souvenir novelties from
the other soldiers in his district.
Agents are making big; profits
working during spare time.
Sample furnuhed. For particu
lars, etc., write at once to Pa
u wo
Sal
1 cifi
cific Pennant & Novelty Co.,
Dept. A, 24S New High St.. Los
ngeles, Cal.
f ( f Ct&2 1 Food for
Invalids
t jk" ' -T by prvnintnt pityaicMtax ?5
I ! WIDIHANN't PURE. EVAPORATED
' K A T llll S 69
a vj j t i ivi i ur si
Yd Easily durmtted br crn the iraaJrest V
MEAT WH
rr-w. n ji:i
timmce minister to force loans Irom
the Ilnneo N'acional and the Bank of
; London and M vico. owned hy Pn v h
. and I!riii.-.h rartir.il. The institutions
j were closed by the Mexican authori-
lies and some of their ollu'is impri
soned and held for w ' ks de. piie re
peated protests hy Fiance. Gicit
Britain and the l.'nitid States.
German uuns in Mexico
Report.-? of Cerman mnchiii" gun
d German giiMier,- in the :i'iair-:a
sion was making its futile eltort to
adjust the difficulties between the.
two countries, the Austro-Hu iganan
ambassador at Mexico City, Count ;
Kalman Kama Volkanya made a tripi
to the I'nited States on what he le- ;
scribed as a "social 'mission.'
A suggestion interpreted by some
officials as indication that Germany
might have made approaches, to Mex
ico, at that lime was made by Cabrera
in an address at Philadelphia on No
vember 1. j
False Mexican Promises
-The foes of the I'nited States will !
; certainly assume to be friends of i
j Mexico ,' said Mr. Cabrera, "and will
take advantage of any sort of resent
ment Mexico may have against the j
United States. Mexico, nevertheless, I
understands that in case of a conflict ,
between the I'nited States and any j
other nation outside America, her at
titude must be one of continental sol
idarity." Knew Germans Plotting
It has been an open secret that de
partment of justice agents in their
investigations of plots to violate Am
erican neutrality by setting on foot
armed expeditions in Mexico more j
than once uncovered what appeared
to be trails of the German secret ser
vice. A few days ago Fred Kaiser,
susperted of being a German agent,
was arrested at Nogales on charges
brought under the neutrality statutes
department of justice agents declar
ing lie had attempted to obtain mili
tary informal ion on the American
side of the border, and had cultivated
the society of American army offic
ers with an apparent intention of pro-
otlng these efforts.
Last July, when V. H. Schmeibz,
who claimed to be a former German
rym officer, escaped into Mexico at
Iigales after arrest on si ilar charg
es, the deputy marshal wh otried to
follow him was stopped by Mexican i
authorities,
Plots Galore Known
The full extent of the evidence of j
Germany's plotting against the Unit-!
ed States, gathered by the American
secret service, may beco e known '
only according to the course of the
future relations between the two
countries. It is known that much evi
dence of the operations of the Ger
man embassy and persons who were
responsible to it never had befii per
mitted to core out, because officials
preferred to guard against .flaming'
the public mind in the tor.se situation
with Germany. The public a -azement .
which a full exposition of the evi
dence in the hands of the government
wouid cause cannot be over-estimat
ed.
Be Kind to Germans Here
Only today the Council of National
riefrnse, created by act of congress
issued an appeal to all Americans to
show every consideration for aliens
in this country.
"We call upon all citizens," said
the appeal, "if untoward events
should come ' upon us to present to
these aliens many of whom tomorrow
will be Americans, an attitude of
neither suspicion nor aggressiveness.
We urge upon all Americans to vt.-eet
these millions of foreign born citizens
with unprejudiced minds."
THE LITTLE PORTABLE GAS HEATER ENABLES YOU
TO QUICKLY CONVERT THE COLDEST ROOM IN
YOUR HOUSE TO WARMTH AND CHEER IT GIVES
Comfort
LIGHTS AT THE FLASH OF A MATCf I CONNECTS
BY A FLEXIBLE METALLIC TUBE AND CAN BE
EASILY MOVED FROM ONE ROOM TO ANOTHER.
QUICK SAFE CLEAN
Prices $2.75 to $7.00
A utomoD
mraae
RENTED, REPAIRED AND CHARGED
Let our experts locate your trouble
electrical or mec.ianical.
Try us and find out
WHY.
every
I
Brophy Garage &
Supply Co.
' THE E!G TIRE AND SUPPLY STORE
Lowell - Arizona.
50 CANTU CAVALRYMEN
REVOLT, JOINING REYNA
BOI'GLAS. Feb. 2S F.fty cavalry
men, the entire grrisim at Aigadone
Lower Calif Drain, revolted against
Governor Fstaban Cai;u February ".'o
and mrde their way at ros sthe Col
orado river to Sonora to join U-yna.
tringi!g their ariiis and equipment,
according to arrivals lure tonight.
1 "
ti
3lSfc .v- ;-A-j
i eld an
V-'l orest
J . . -fcj! T , ri jr -
tT J7
m mmi ' i
11 r 1 1 i'i
TKat ! a most important itatensent, and,
wtt-n considered ia connection with heaith
and medicine, its meaning- ia enlarged tremen
dously. Mineral medicines always leave their
ravages in the system.
Your blood requires a purely vegetable
medicine when it is upset. That is why S. S. S.
has done so much to build health during- the
fiftv vnrt It 11 nr!v velvet a Lie. itnd
not only c-ivos poisons out of
1-11 . I . . . I
CUlias up lae sysirm a.fc m lama lime.
Cotarrn, Eczema, Kheurnatis-ci, Malra. SVIn
Eruptions are evidences of disordered blood.
S. S. S. does the greatest good for all blood
disorders. Its success has caused many substi
tutes to appear. Don't take anything but the
genuine. Write for booklet on any blood dis
ease, and for r-'euicai Advice. No charge.
SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Dapt. 10,
ATLANTA, CA.
S.S.S.HieNaii6nalBlcodPurier
JL 1
2
WHERE YOU WANT IT
WHEN YOU WANT IT
f r it f a i
r
n x i
i S
Batteries
one raj s v:. are
the best
CAR CONGESTION LESSENS.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 28. Measur
able improvement in the transporta
tion conditions of the country with re
Kpect to car shortage and congestion,
were reported today from every se
tion, according to announcement made
tonight by the car service commission
of the American Railway Association.
. -1
t
1 - '
--' '' II
comes
J ni is.
the blood, but
m.: .
t j-1 - 1 1
j . ,. j j Mm i M K SBMk
.-.-
j m J-
- '
trv-:-
jti--.,.
I
Juliet
bo. FOUR
THE BISBEE, DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING. 31 ARCH 1, 1917.
r
V
Published Every Day Except Monday by the
State Consolidated Publishing Company ,
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
'. Under Act of March 3, 1679.
Su'-tcriptioi. Rate i, ' Payable in Advance:
iKH VONTH -75
- THREE 'ONTHS 2-25
. SIX MONTHS 4-00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.60
; si'XDA t Our Weekly I per year. . . ... ... 2-50
. j' aom i Our Weekly per quarter "5
Subscript ion Talen Fo te Than 5 Cents
HONE NO. 39
e subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
ail) Review before 8 a- m. will get one promptly by
uecial Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
rculation Department. No 39. The Review will con
ider it favor If any irregularity of delivery Is reported
ppile to Bisbee only.
Thursday Morning, March 1, 1917.
POWDERED COAL FOR ECONOMY.
SAFEGUARDING THE NEW WORLD.
There is more involve! in our present controversy with
Germany than the mere vindication of our sea rights.
There is more involved than the moral rights of mankind
! which are being torn to. tatters by Prussian ruthlessness.
I There is the fate of the Monroe Doctrine and the destiny
i of the Western Henfisphere.
The Chicago Tribune, which has never been guilty of
undue pro-British sentiment, remarks that U-boat war
fare, if successful in its avowed purpose, might win the
war and destroy the British Empire.
That brings up the whole question of what the British
Empire means to us. What would happen to the United
States, in a material way, if British sea rule disappeared?
We have been having a foretaste in the developments
of the last few days. For the first time in a century, our
commerce has not dared venture to sea because the" sea
was no longer completely safeguarded by the British
navy.
It is literally true, as the Tribune remarks, tfiat we
have been under the guardianship of the British fleet.
That fleet has been the real power back of our Monroe
Doctrine. VVe might have maintained that doctrine and
protected our hemisphere from European aggression by
building, ourselves, a fleet large enough to defy any
other power or any other two powers, as Britain has
done. But we have taken no such action. And because
Britain has, in the main, used her power justly, and so
far as we were concerned, benevolently, we have been
content to shelter ourselves under her wing.
It was natural enough, perhaps, on both sides. Tln
0
THE OSTRICH
By BRINK ERHOFF.
; interests of Great Britain and the United States have not
A new means of efficiency and economy, and at the geeaied to conflict. In this hemisphere, at any rate, they
' same time a means of conserving one of our most valu- were identical. Our country and Canada have wanted to
able resources, is the use of pulverized coal in steam en- ' pet along amicably. Britain has not needed any more
gines. It is not entirely a new idea. There are some American territory. T.'iere has been no reason for antag
i 8,000,000 tons of pulverized coal now being used annurl'.y onisni, every reason for co-operation.
' in the United States. But this is a small part of the 1 We are still depending on British sea power. It would
total coal consumption for industrial purposes. It has take us several years, if we built ships and trained sail
. twpn demonstrated in the Dast year that nowdered coal ' ors with frenzied zeal, to surnass the British navy, if that
The action of the trial court in re
fusing bail to Paul Welisch, of Doug
las, convicted of violation of the pro
hibition amendment, pending an ap
peal, was upheld by the supreme court
in an elaborate opinAin discussing the
condition and extent of bailable of
fenses since the passage by the peo
ple of the state of the anti-capital
punishment law. The supreme court
hold3 that since all capital offenses
have been abolished that all persjns
charged with crime "even treason,
however diabolical or murder lrow
ever atrocious, and howsoever evident
may be the proof of guilt thereof, as
weil as all other felonies and misde
meanors, may before conviction de
mand admission tj bail as a strict
legal right which no judge or court
can properly refuse". The court holds
however, that after couvict'or. of a
misdemeanor, when a jail se.ttupce has
been imposed, the defendant cannot
be released on bail, except under ex
traordinary circumstances to be de
termined at the discretion tf the
court. The court hold:) that the losi-v
lature may remedy this condit'on. but
as the statutes now stand, a nan con
victed of a misdemeanor, and punish
ed by a jail sentence csnnot be re
leased from custody. The court there
fore denied the application of Welisch,
Sam Wood, Ed Somerfield, A. D. Ifass
and Charles Sutton, all of Douglas.
. is adapted to much wider use. It might be burned in
" i most industrial plants. It is regarded as especially valu-
able for railroad locomotives.
Its advantages for railroad use have been fully set
navy stood still ic the meantime.
What would happen, then, if the British navy dropped
out?
Germany would rule the sea. How would she use her
Petition for the suspension of the
proposed increase in the rates on live
stock from points on the S. F. P. & P.
railroad to Colorado destinations, has
been prepared by the Arizona Cor
poration Commission and will be for
warded to the Interstate Commerce
Commission at once. The proposed
increases amount to about fifteen ppr
cent, and are tv become effective
March 15. ,
f :f;y -jfy ,0'- '
oAt see Wplj
'-.v' f:J-& 'y- r
to its labor cost. Mr. Multifield shows that by burning ! Setting aside all the ruthlessness that has characterized
". powdered coal the roads could save from 20 to 40 per j the German navy during this war, and assuming that it
cent of the total heat value in the fut consumed, and in- j would vanish with the occasion that produced it, how
'! crease the efficiency of their boilers 10 to 15 per cent. 1 could we trust a victorious Germany to deal benevolently
And the powdered fuel would cost them considerable less
per ton than the coal they use now. .It has other advant
ages, too, involving an enormous saving.
with North and South America?
Such a consideration of our own future throws us def
initely into one cjnip or the other. We may not like
Of the $:!0O,000,000 now paid fcr locomotive fuel, nearly Great Britain. We may not like Germany. Sentiment
$100,000,000 represents fuel burned in firing up, maintain- j hasn't necessarily anything to do with it. Abstract moral
ing fires when the engines are standing idle, cleaning the 1 considerations, for the present argument, needn't have
gretes, etc. As the burning of pulverized ccal is almost t anything to do with it. Other things being equal, which
instantaneous, there is little waste of fiis sort. A loco-, tate can the American republics view with more equani-
motive can ne nreo up in one nour. nen u is sianaing, nuty that their lot De cast witn ureal Britain or wiui
the consumption of fuel stops, like the consumption of Germany?
vosnlina in an mitrnmhilfk Ft tnkpa 1fee than liatf ;4 I It ,n , , 1 w, n Yi nthAi luuianua .1-0 firnut qc
.. c ... w . m h .V... w u. u. -. . - - - ' - - - I , L 111 U.'l ,IV I. II I V' ,11V. U , 1 1 V I f I V V U -' V " V V U 1 1 1 1 ' 1 , a .1
much pulverized coal to fire up as it does lump coal. are. stand against both.
N. There are no smoke, no soot, no cinders, no sparks. - j The fact that our language, literature and political in-
The cheapness of the fuel is due to its being made stitutions are English is important, but not necessarily
. largely of coal otherwise unavailable. At present about ( the determining factor. South America has a different
'. half the product of anthracite mines is unsalable to th? J culture and South America has spoken, as all America
ordinary trade. All the refuse can be burned by the new i will speak, against the power she fears and in favor of
'.process. Any kind of coal, of any size, can be ground up I the power that has given Jier least cause to fear.
. and used. Anthracite, bituminous, semi-bituminous, lig
' nite and peat are said to work equally well when reduced
1
jto powder. And the grinding only costs about 25 cents
a ton.
This process should make available the one great, un
touched fuel supply remaining on our continent, til-:
- lignite fields of North Dakota and Montana, which are
- said to contain literally trillions of tons of coal easily ac
cessible. Thus there is hope in the coal situation, after all. T.ie
j' coal famine that has pinched every section of the country
this winter need not be repeated. If railroads and fac-
MAKE A GARDEN.
Have we learned our lesson from the 1916 crop figures?
Have the high food prices caused by shortage of crops,
the war and inadequate facilities for distribution taught
us anything at all?
It's up to us tq grow more crops. Organizations aU
over the country interested in agriculture, as well as the
federal agricultural authorities, are carrying on cam
paigns for diversifying crops. Other groups are urging
suburban dwellers and small farmers to raise more vegt-
Senator Devine, of Pinal county, has
a plan for the protection of mining
claims against the claim jumper that
he believes will be effective end has
therefore introduced a bill in the sen
ate of the present lecislation to that
end. It provides that the re-locator
of a mining claim, in addition to per
forming those thinss i.')w required by
tue law, shall also post a bond foi
$500 in good and sufficient sureties
payable to the parties who originally
located the claim.
Consigned to the Verde Combination
Copper company at Jerome, a sixty
horst'l-VweT electric motor was re
ceived there this week and' arrange
ments were promptly beun for the
transportation of the motor to the
property of the company. According
to Superintendent Morpan transporta
tion facilities will be greatly improved
coincidental to the iMmpleuon of ihe
new road just compu ted by the Verde
Combination ccmpany from the .nain
shctt to Aiesoai.
W. E. Defty has just, completed a
thnrmiph pvumination of the propeMy
and left here for Phoenix to complete
the writing of the rep-ort wiucli m
probably be submitted to the directors
of the company within a week.
Th Kimtp committer on county
and county affairs has reported ad
versely on the bill introduced oy
Senator Roberts, of Cochise. The bill
is designed to permit the citizens of
northern Cochise county to withdraw
and form another county In case the
county seat is moved from Tombstone
to Douglas. The b'ill would change
the percentage required to divide a
county so as to require only ten per
cent of the old county and a twl
thirds vote in the new. The present
law requires the approval of forty per
cent of the citizens of the old county
and seventy-hve of the new.
tories begin using hard coal refuse and lignite instead ot ' tablefi' reP'e ho ,ive near vac8nt ,ots in t ities' t0'
good domestic coal, there will be plenty of fuel for all of
us, at lower prices, for many years to come.
COLORFUL CLOTHES FOR MEN.
Once again the ever-hopeful tailors have forecast col
ored evening clothes for men. Sombre black, they say,
-will give place to purple, lavender and blue. And after
that surely it will not be long bfforc gentlemen are going
-about in gay and frivolous laces and frills, satijs and
clvets and brocades as of yore.
Maybe the National Association of Merchant Tailors is
not simply dreaming. But we wonder. For years tlicsy
arbiters of fashion have, been campaigning resolutely.
"And still the conventional eveuing drc:-s of men remains
the same, save for a few minor alterations in the uumbcr
or positions of decorative buttons, Might variations in
.'braid trimming or a change of an inch or two in t!u
length of the coat.
j If the tailors are really wise they'll not push men's
fashions too far. The chief characteristic of the "fashiou-
. able thing" is that it is ebaueing constantly. And right
there enters an clement of uui ertainty aud tkklcoess that
makes for wat". Makers of women's clothing know how
expensive are the fad of ttyle. 1-t the. uieuV liiilora
.t-ike heed.
Now tin: English brewer., arc gcttms back at the tem
perance, reformers by asserting that "temperance drinks"
. have leva food value than their own products, and in-
should turn this neglected land to good account wiln
small gardens. In many localities, the school children
are bringing the school garden to greater success and
usefulness. The box on the kitchen window still has its
value.
It's all worth while. Every vegetable garden, however
small, is just so much gain. Every family, that can raio;
edible crops is helping to meet its own immediate needs
and so to increase the food output of the country in gen
eral. Now's the time to plan there gardens for the corn
ing summer. Those who bad gardens last year ought, to
be able to improve upon them this summer. Hut even if
we're new at garden-making, thcre'a no reatoti why we
shouldn't do our bit this summer to kuock the o:;t of
living.
The mill of the Lcvialhun Vines
company at Kingman is n'ow turning
out forty per cent molybdenum which
is sold at Yucca at f l.Oi'O per ton. It
is expected that the ore values will
greatly exceed this when the present
plans for the new flotation plant are
in operation, and that values at high
as 70 per cent of 80 will be reached
There is an immense tonnage in sihi
of law grade, that will be concentrated
through the plant. The Leviathan
mill is the Eame mill as that of the
American and Alloys company which
has been marketing the tire values in
Los Angeles.
j.-'v.I : .-1
sat I I f I
I V
V. . .
w it il ii Wffr v
rfc
CAMPBELL TO RAISE
TROOP IF WAR COMES.
GLOBE. Ariz., Feb. 28. When
Governor Campbell, who arrived
here tonight, was informed of
Associated Press dispatches re
garding treachery of Germany, he
said in event of hostilities he
would raise a troop of rough
riders from an.oii cattle men
now holding session here.
Flort s estimated the craft tl be about I Berlin wireless quotes Vovtoe Vrem
300 feet in length. The bridge was j ya of Petrograd to the effect that the
placed well forward. .Entente nations plan a conference
Recently three Japanese warships from April 12 to 20 in Rome to dis
were sighted off Cape San Lucas at cuss "measures of economic warfare"
the etrome tip of Loer California, after conclusion of peace.
I m ? t T?tt5M,?M5M5Mj?
t
mm kaioer t
SIGHTED OFF
mm
Suspected of Supplying Sub-1 &
lnree Japanese A
marines
Warships tlso Seen Recent- A
(By Review Leased Wire) J
Feb. 2S. Fre:;h re-:
ly Nearby.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 2S.
ports that a German steamer has plied
Identify yourself with a Strong Bank
ing Institution by starting an account with
us, subject to check.
We give courteous, painstaking atten
tion to EVERY depositor small as well
as large.
Bank with us.
along the west coast of Mexico and t V t-t "C
Central America for the possible pur- : . . . ,
Ipose of collecting fuel and stores for
German submarines or German raid- j
ecA were received here I'Jday by fed-1
A number of prominent residents of
Globe headed by George W. Myers, of
Bisbee, are engaged in forming an or
ganization for conducting a bank in
I the town of Charlotte Anialie, ihe
j principal sea port on the island of St.
(Thomas, in the Danish West Indies.
Frank MeCanti. a prominent attorney
of this city has much of the legal end
of the matter under way. It is plan
ned to carry on in connection witt
the bank a modem title and trust com
pany, with a freight forwarding bn
reau. The stock will be held in part
by Arizonans. part by Easterners and
part by natnes of the islands.
OUR Y. M. C. A.
lu many climes and iu many places the Y. M. C. A. has
lost caste. Just exactly why this should be so is hard to
determine, yet in many towns it is true a:id the institu
tion gets its support from a very small proportion of the
pt'jj b'. Firtiiualely Bi.-bce is differeul and the reason
lor the as'.TDdaticy of our local Y U nearly t-df cvideut.
When real lie M'-n p i l. bind a worthy olje-t ; when
they put their shoulder:- to the wheel, the jusl itutK'ti .-j
favored uit.A so lorwjr(j. f the org Jim.itioa J'ay U3'!c
uicritt- wbi-h arc farther ii'igrocutcd alouc the proper
litieb i's scope; iMid it:; possibilities arc had to ci tiifcHte.
Real He-Men are iu charge cf the destinies of I'.isbee's
Y. :. C. A. from the head of the directois of the Asf oiia-
Devolopment has heguu in the Black
Cat group of claims about, four and a
half mile's southwest W Salome. The
vein ouUroppinus are plainly visihle
lor a considerable distance on the sur
lac:c and arc twenty luc feel in wi'Kh,
with the copper values rutin in;; i
arying values from S 0 per ton up
lo jlOO. A road is beiug constructed
from the railroad to Hie mine.
cral authorities. The authorities also
learned today that a-powerful wire
less station, the operators of which
transmit mes.-ages in the slow, me
thodical manner typical of the Ger
man naval radio service has been in
service at a point several miles of
Turtle Bay. Lower California.
The mysterious German steamer
first was reported by Enrique Flores,
ief. r.'.ilitieo of M;ii'ilalena Bav. This
steamer, living the Hag of the im-
pcrial German navy ente red .Magda-1
lena Hay December 10 last, again on I
February .", and on February 24 was j
reported lo h.ive rjah'd and provision
ed iu the harbor of Acapulco. At )
jAcapiileo, however, the vessel was;
hying the lionuuruu ensign.
The I'nited States patrol fleet, re- j
icently has been increasid. Three tor-;
Ipcdo boat dcsttotTs left here a week
jago. under sealed '.rders, at uig'at.
It became known lor the first time
hire today that Getmaii agents, al
leged to have been at one time in the
pay roll of Franz Bopp. convicted Ger
man consul at San Francisco, have
been actively engaged at Macallan.
Manzanillo, and een in San Diego, in
1 attempting to secure coal lor steam
ling purposes. It is also reported that
a large quantity '.if c rude; oil has hi-e-u
hllippeil t'J
mm
With Money
That's the way wealth has been gained ever since the
world started.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
tit is making money for you with the four per cent
ntfMe.-tt which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT
GROW!
Citizens Bank & Trust Company
Majn street B"6?
Well E. McKee. Preldent C A. McDonald Caahiar.
O. W. Wolf, Asalatant Caahlar.
'. volve greater waste of food material. Why not just j tion t;i the aitive men in charge of its work. They haw
made immense strides during I lie last several vars and
. rCT: thai food is food and drinks, whether alcoholic- c:r
uou ah oholie, re Mjiuelhius el;e, uwl stup cjiiarrclliug
about it? Who ever drauk a glatu of beer or a buttle of
I lie-A;:-oe latiu is rcg.nd'd today as beiug the greatest
i'geuey for that wjiieh h good and wholesome: iu the cu-
Ueeelit ii;-e ovci ie l- of i pleudid
val'iett iu copper sulphides m the He r
cuvar raugc near bere bvc attracted
a great deal of attention t'i the r.ingo
and mineral development second to no
section in Arizona are e.vpe.i t'.d by
mauy of these interests in the various
groups of claims upon which .develop
ment work is being clone. The De-ei t
Mine and Development company now
has a main tdiatt do u ver three hun
dred feet, whih- the Weiob'ti t'opp'-r
company rcccuily made- a s"ns.iii"ii:'l
rltik"- on their property, lhe '-ljek
:...f, .;bt o! he DMTt. ts also tiud-I-J2
tojle Ipl'lirjpl vjlijes iu the pro
tiernian !iru a. Macallan
from San I'edro, Califoruii. The pres
ence of the radio ;tition near T'irtio
Bav his boon known to the local port
o'Vi-.ials fr some- tnno. Steps have
bccii t.ilce-ii by the- Loue-r California
aulhoritie... it .- .aid to iciie- and t'.'U
Us' ;to Ulr rjdio pl.lllt
I hat a German ranlcr wVMild hive
little trouble in po kiiiv; up a crow- jed
oitntiing ;-torc.i and tuel ;ilon.g the
I Lower t alilonua eo.i .l is admitted by
feileral .tut horil :es hme. , ' At S.ili'a
'Rosalia alone tin re ate eleven elermau
'ships a"il barks mauiie-d by mere than
I j-r. c!! eers i'liet i-e;imeil Pel ween
!.-;,il't;i Re;i!iii ;et:ii I "i : i t - Arenas then:
I are M'O'il .-el e- 1 1 ei I els ot Hie Ger
' n i ;i II in. l e .1111 1'e lliarill' . Th'' iny.'.teri.
( t.. lirrniu ''cavtr repe fed ly Fif:
e .- - :is ; JtUt-1 bl i -li. h.Tj PUe flinucl
'e..'l v fij- I u 't. --
i
II
t. r :- -
A FRIENDLY PERSONAL INTEREST
bv the Miners & Merchants
Bank in the welfare of its depositors, and
it takes much pride in serving them well.
You will find our service prompt and
efficient. Accounts subject to check are
cordially invited.
1
i. irzms 'si 3
V
THE BISBEE, DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, MARCH 1, 1917.
FIVI
V
v
t
Is
I
3
. ? -
'i
1
I
I
PERSISTENT MOOCHER
IS diVENSIXTY DAYS
Neighborhood Row Will Ee
Aired in City Court Today ;
Complaint Charges Woman
with 'Smoking Up' Vicinity.
Andy Gropan was given 60 days in
jail yesterday when found guilty be
fore Judge Frank Thomas on a vag
rancy charge. Officers testified that
Grogan had "mooched"" various
amounts of money from Bisbee resi
dents. When arrested, it is said, he
had a good jag and 95 cents, but was
still attempting to negotiate other
loans.
The case of W. V. Forward, charg
ed with disturbing the peace and qui
et in the neighborhood of 191 Teniby
avenue, will be heard today. Forward
was arrested on complaint of Mrs.
Amy Limell. who alleges that he
chopped kindling in front of her door
and otherwsie made too "nich noise.
Mrs. Henrietta Leepe is charged
in a complaint issued yesterday with
conducting a disorderly house. Mrs.
Leepe is said to have attempted to
"shoot up" her house. The complaint
was sworn to by Officer Rice. Mrs.
Leepe was reported to be seriously
ill yesterday, and her case was post
poned until she is able to attend court
Mrs. Leepe was the complaining wit
ness in the case of John Holman sev
eral weeks ago. She charged Holman
with having emptied the contents of
a shotgun at her. Holman was ac
quitted in Judge High's court.
COHAN & f!ARR!S OFFER EXTRAORDINARY
COMEDY AT ORPHEUM THEATRE TONIGHT
iiWoIverton Arizona
Mining and Financial News
bY htVILW LEASED WIHE
? ; h - 4 C 'J
pit - i !
V ws, v v 4s
The
Beautiful
TODAY
Extraordinary Attraction
"The
Rosary"
Selig Drama in 7 parts.
Don't miss this beautiful
picture.
"Bells and
Bells"
1 Reel Comedy Featuring
Harry Wat6on Jr.
ADMISSION
Reserved seats 25c
Lower Floor 10c
Balcony ' 5c
PHOTOGRAPH
of
" TOMMY
in his
NEW SPRING SUIT
Maybe that wouldn't be a
fine EASTER remembrance
for Tommy's aunts and
uncles and other relatives.
One framed for father's
desk, too.
Dix Studio
Brewery Gulch
Kodak finishing a specialty
CATARRH
CF THE
BLADDER
Boliavsd !d
24 Hours
Ih Cat
aula b?artbelM!P.vV
m '1 II M -W
it
i;.-t V. f,.!iTl-2 I
Scene from It Pays to Aavertise ' at the Orpheum Theatre tonight
"It Pays to Advertise," which Cohan know it. Now, when a hen lays an
and Harris will brins fj the Orpheum ow. she sets up an awful racket, and
. . . . evervbodv knows it. Advertising, my
theatre tonight is as np-roarinB a boy a(lv-.rtisiui....
farce as ever rockt-d the sides of iis. After several amusing loiuplua
auditors in heavy mirth. The play is t ions, they form a partnership and de
founded on an idea, but does not de- ciiie to j:o into the soap business, to
pend on a carefully planned "damn:" fiy.it the trust, which is controlled by
or an exactly diagrammed stumble Rodney's father. "IS S'oap, I'nlucky
over a chair to produce laughter. for Dirt:" ia the name of their brand,
Rodney Martin is the son of a soap and they advertise it all over. At the
trust magnate. He fiils the tii! veil, -nd ot a month they are out about
for he is very dean-looking, and hui ?2o.0O'J and no one has bought any of
never o'jne a stroke of work. About their soap. Their campaign was
the time his dad is getting reedy to framed with the ida of forcing old
throw him out for not working, ho man Martin, the soap king, to buy
falls in with a press agent christened them out. lUit Martin Is an old tj,
Ambrose Peale, who has a most as- and does not tall. Just as they seen:
tonishing knowledge of the psychol- doomed to failure, their soap begins
ogy of advertising for a man who has to "pull 1 and they get several big or
not taken the course in extension. He
jverwheiiiis Rodney with statistics.
"Why do we eat hens' eggs instead oi
ducks' esgs" he asks. "Hens' e,;s
are no truer tnan ducks' eggs, but
when a duck lays an eg, vou never
d( rs. Hoveer. they have no stoc k,
and no way of manut'acturins any, so
they are forced to buy it from the
trust. And the trust refuses to Bell.
I '.implications toiiow tast, but not too
fast for the- authors ta unravel them.
CATTLE GROWERS TO
MEET IN CLOSE TODAY
GLOUK, Feb. 2S.-Globe is all in
readiness foi the anrual meeting of
the Arizona Cattle Growers Associa
tion which 0j -ns here tomorrow morn
ing. The town is filled with visitors
and more tire promised. Gov rnor
Thomas K. Campbell will be the g;scsi
of honor of the occasion and will de
liver an address flu's morning at tin
opening session. Other persons prim1
inent in the stale who will atfenrt nnn
ueliver addresses tltirinir h- course
of the convention an- Wiley C. Jones,
attorney general; C. M. Zandet. thair
man of the slate tax commission: W.
A. Metier, state land commissioner:
Amos A. I'ett. of the corporation
commission: Vit. R. I. Von Kkiu
Smid. iresiient of i diversity i,(
Arizona; l.-Aicht 1. Heard, former
president oj the Ameiican N.i'io:iaI
Live Stock Associatiom H. A. Jastro.
ex-pi esid"iit of the National Associa
tion, and Paul G. IJedin-.tui. disfrii!
forester of tHs district.
A danc will be given at the I.'lks
Hall this even'rs and on tomorrow
evening there will he a smoker lor
the men nt the same place. The elec
tion of officers will not come until the
last day, Sviturday
,1.
The Home Industry Furniture
Store, Home Industry lodging
House and Barber Shop, will all he
sold for Cash at a sacrifice. Great
money maker. Owing to Owner';
ill health, obliged to leave the
Camp. Inquire
HOME INDUSTRY FURNITURE
STORE, LOWELL.
Opposite Han of Lowell.
DANCING LESSONS FREE TO
CHILDREN FROM 4 TO 14 YEARS.
SATURDAY AFTERNOON, 2 to 4
MARCH 3. 1917.
WOMEN'S CLUB HOUSE
Bisbee, Ariftna.
;h me superiority of my tnet'i
ef teaching dai'cinr, 1 will tea(h
alts' IuK ly fi-'.-e Tor one lesson Moth
ers are re juested t t bring the chil
dren. .'dt;lt rl;.ss;s start Monday after
noon,' 2 I'll, for lug uners and 1 will
Luarant'-e to teach you to dance or
refund tiie p'-ice of tuition.
W. J. Graves,
The. best known instructor in th;
West. Phone l28.
private lessons by appointment.
To
nea re
TONIGHT ONLY TONIGHT ONLY
Commencing 5:30 P. M.
Columbia Pictures Corporation Presents Little
VIOLA DANO
In the Rev. William L. Danforth's Play
"The Gates -of
Eden"
A Metro Offering in I'i 'c Acts of Heart Appeal.
Adapted and Directt 1 by John H. Collins.
ADMISSION
10 and 15 Cents
Tickrts Issued on Coupons Accepted for Any
' Prfcrrnince.
NEW YORK. Feb.- 2S.-Kestraints
imposed upon speculation by reason
c.f the international crisis became in
creasingly effective today, specialties
particularly munitions and equip
ments showing losses of three to al
most JO points. me seioacK gain
Nevada 23
North Butte 211
Nipissing
Osceola
I'ond Creek
Ray Consolidated
Shannon
S
S9
19
26'-i
9
ered force from occasional attacks by Shattuck 27'.i
the short interest whose operations Superior Boston
met with little resistance. At no Tamarack
time did the market manifest more I'tah Copper
than a slight degree of steadiness. I Ctah Consolidated ...
Bethlehem Steel issues registered Winona
the greatest losses. The old -stock CURBS
falling nine points to 120, the new 1 Arkansas & Arizona ..
shares 74 to liiot and "rights" to. Hii; jini
the new stock declining 7V4 to 6. : Big Ledge
Other noteworthy reversals includ-. Bntte & London
ed New York Aitbrake, Industrial Al-1 Calumet &. Jerome ...
cohol. General Motors, Gulf States Cornelia
Steel, Atlantic, Gulf and West Indies, Deni
Mexican Petroleum, Texas Company, Dundee
and American Smelting at gross tie-' Emma
dines of two to five points. ( Fortuna
L'niied States Steel closed at a new . Gadsden
small net decline. Total sales 435.000 ! Grand Island
shares. I Green Monster
.. : .1 1
Italian excnange uni
the only diversion to the
market, lires making a further slump
to "61. or seven points under its pre
vious low record. The heaviness of
the bond list resulted from new mini
mums in the international group. Un
ited Kingdom's showing the weakness
Total sales, par value, $3,140,000. C.
S. bonds were unchanged on call.
CHICAGO GRAINS
CHICAGO, Feb. 28. Reports of ex-
furnished . Gold Reed
exchange Howe Sound
6
"6U
109
K,i
4
a
1
l'vi
IS
17
- 1
1",
16
2-
60
1 7-16
05
6'i
""4
35
Miami Mother Lode
Verde Combination 02
Miami Consolidated 25
Bisbee Copper 1.00
Butte Arizona 05
Louisiana Arizona
Santa Cruz Bisbee
Jerome Daisy
1.55
.50
.S7
.30
1.25
! Warren 9.12
I Nacozari Consolidated ..
; Verde Apex
Calumet Oil 25
.42
.26
.40
.27
London cable says that Secretary ot
State for the Colonies Long announced
that allies would never return captur
ed German colonies.
Piles Cured in 6 to 14 Days
Your druggist will refund money if.
PAZO OINTMENT fails to cure any j
case of Itching, Blind, Bleeding or
Protruding Piles in 6 to 14 days. The
first application gives Ease & Rest. 50c. 1
Sabe Moline-Knight?
Ask Art
Hecla
Hull Copper
Inspiration Needles
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Magma Copper -59
Magma Chief 1
Miami Consolidated 2
Monster Chief 1
Pittsburg Jerome
Ray Hercules
1 716
l"i
4
traonlinary endeavors by the British j oallta
covernment to facilitate shipments T , d,i 2 f.9
4
"i'i
led to material advances today in the j United Eastern
value or wheat. Alllioiigii unsemea
at the close, the market showed
rair.s of 31 to 3'is cents net, with
May at 1.81 Vi to 1.81 and July at
V54'i to 1.54. Corn gained 1 to
I1, oats S to Vi and provisions 37
cents to 102.
Prospects of an increased supply of
Tilway cars here tended further to
'ift prices. Sharp price gains in the
wheat market continued until the
'ast half hour of the session. Then
-umors .that German submarines had
een off Guantanamo, Cuba, brought
ibout something of a reaction.
Corn derived firmness from wheat
-nd from the notable advance of the
"'ot market.
Oats hardened with other grains.
Cash houses were good, buyers.
Provisions soared to new high rec
ord tjuotations, and closed at nearly
he topmost level reached. Upward
usmps in the value of hogs had much
do with stimulating demand, and
"o too had an apparent likelihood of
'icreased shipments to Europe.
METALS MARKETS
NEW" YORK. Feb. 28. Lead quie
X'o at 950. Spelter quiet; spot East
t. Louis delivery lO'i at '10l. Bar
silver 77. Copper quiet; electrolytic
snot .md nearby nominal, second quar
tet" 33 st 35; nominal, third quarter
31 at 32',i.
(Cy L. J. Overlook)
BOSTON. Feb. 2S, Careful select
ion may be made of stocks and spec
ulative accounts should be well pro
'ecteu. the best judges look for high
er prices, but no one can tell what
surnrises may occur. The technical
Position of the market was never bet
ter. There has surely been accumu
lation of stocks by strong interests in
last two weeks. Coppers act especial
ty well and there is good buying of
Anaconda from insiders. I look for
sharp rally on announcement of any
-lefinte position taken by our govern
nent in this crisis.
PAINE. WEBBER & CO
NEW YORK
American Can 42
Anaconda "3
American Car : 64
American Locomotive M
American Smelter 957s
Amern an 'Sugar 11
lchi.on 102'4
Baltimore & Ohio 76
Baldwin 52 V,
Chesapeake & Ohio SS'.i:
Colorado Fuel & Iron 45V.
Canadian Pacific 154
Central Leather 85
Ctucible 64'
Distillers 22V,
Erie 2fi
Goodrich 53
General Motors 110
Industrial Alcohol VX4
Marine 15
Marine Pfd 69
Maxwell ' ZV,
Mexican Petroleum 85
Midvale 53Vi
New York Central 91;
Northern Pacilic 103:'4
Peiina 51 -4
Heading 92 "St
Republic Stee.1 76
Rubber 51
Stii-lebaker 98tjs
10S
1177H
So'-i
93
137'-i
139V2
17i
17 :
82'
Steel
Steel Pfd
St. Paul
Southern Pacific
I'nion Pacific
I'uited Fruit
Westinuhouse .
BOSTON
Adventure 3
Alloii'-z ('"
Alaska 7
Atizona Commercial 12
American zinc 37
Butte Superior
Calumet. A- Ari.oua.
Calumet A lleelj 515
Copper ltau:e t'.2
hiio .'"
Ka: t I'utt.e 13
Grauhy 85
Green Cauam-.i II
Goldliel.l
I l.i m ill k
hidi.'Mi.i
Inspiration
Keimeeott
Keweenaw
Lake
Sail.-
Mirtiii 38'
Mohawk 83'
United Western
Verde Extension
Verde Combination
Warren
Wolverine Arizona
Oatman
(By Collins &. Bittherton)
Bid
Argo
Adame
Arizona Rex
Arizona Tom Reed
Big Jim 1.
Boundary Cone
Carter Gold
Fessenden
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff
Ivanhoe
Lucky Boy
Merry Widow
Oatman Combination ...
Sunnyside
Telluride
Tom Reed
United Eastern
United Northern
United Western
Other Curbs
Gadsden
Green Monster
Butte London
Dundee
Venture Hill
Pittsburg Jerome
Jerome Verde 1.42
Arkansas Arizona . . .
Jerome Portland
Inspiration Needles .
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
.05
.13
.05
.05
.07
.04
.10
2.06
4.75
.07
.03
o 37
"!42
.21
1.75
.11
.30
.55
.25
.35
.37
3S-:
9
1'A
Ask.
.15
1.39
' .22
.06
.15
.10
.15
.06
.15
.10
.10
.20
.20
2.0S
5."0
2.62
1.50
.23
2.00
.16
1.00
1.50
.35
.37
.45
.62
Green
Stockings
3-act farcial comedy given by
the Bisbee High School
Alumni
MONDAY, MARCH 5TH
8 P. M.
at HIGH SCHOOL
GYMNASIUM.
ADMISSION 50 CENTS.
Reserved seats now on sale at
Ball's Drug Store.
41-,
3'..
13 'a
JE
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
AND
Oafman
Stocks
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
Correspondent E. F. Hutton & Co.. Members New York Stock Exchange
R. Allyn Lewis
Box 279 COPPER QUEEN HOTEL Tel. 135
BONDS, STOCKS, GRAIN, COTTON
PHOENIX, GLOBE, JEROME. PRESCOTT. BISBEE
Orders Executed for Cash or on Proper Margin
E. F. Hutton & Co.'s Private Leased Wire to All Exchanges
Shares Advance
in Arizona Ray
Market Now 14y2c Bid,
15c Asked
We Withdraw Our Offer of 11 Vic Send us Your
orders at the Market or we will deliver at 12c, you
to pool Stock for 60 days only.
In the last issue of our COPPER AND GOLD LETTER we pre
dicted a sharp advance in Arizona Ray shares. WE WERE RIGHT! !
The stock has advanced 4c during the last three days, one of which
was a holiday.
The allotment to cover our special offering of 11' '2e was over
subscribed within twenty-four hours after our COPPER AND GOLD
LETTER was mailed. We were obliged to return a number of unfilled
orders while other orders which read "at the market" we were able to
fill at prices ranging from 12c to 15' c.
RAY CONSOLIDATED has advanced to $27.00, while RAY HER
CULES remains firm at $4.25. Both of these properties join and par
tially curround the property of the ARIZONA RAY COPPER COM
PANY. The LOS ANGELES TIMES of February 22nd says:
"Development work oa the Arizona Ray properties is being pushed
with all possible speed, and the officials of the corporation state that
they exoect to make an important announcement within a short space
of time."
If the Company has an important announcement to make they have
not given it to us up to the time of this issue going to press. That in
siders have "something up their sleeve," is generally rumored botn
here and in Los Angeles and San Francisco, the Exchanges in which
cities report a growing activity in Arizona Ray shares.
ARIZONA RAY today is by far the best speculative issue being
traded in among the Arizona Copper stocks.
The location of the property is ideal. The property is being vigor
ously developed under the direction of Fred E. Young, E. M.. one of
Arizona's really successful mining men. That the shares will eventu
ally sell at much higher levels is universally predicted by shrewd
traders.
We have withdrawn offsrings of Pool Rights entirely and have dis
continued the sale of same in all of our various offices and are at this
time putting all the pressure at our disposal behind an aggressive cam
paign on the remaining treasury shares under our contract ON AN
ADVANCED MARKET.
To enable us to give those who have been following this issue a
final opportunity to purchase the shares at their present low level, in
fact. AT A DISCOUNT OF 25 PER CENT FROM THE PRESENT
LEVEL, we are going to make this SPECIAL OFFER TO THOSE
WHO ARE WILLING TO HOLD THEIR STOCK FOR SIXTY DAYS
BEFORE DISPOSING OF SAME.
SPECIAL OFFER
Good Until Allotment Is Exhausted
We will accept subscriptions either for cash or on Twelve-Payment
Plan in 1000 share lots for Arizona Ray, REGULAR STOCK (NOT
POOL RIGHTS) at 12c per share providing the holder will sign an
agreement not to dispose of or transfer his stock for sixty days
from date. Thus, stock purchased under this offer, which holds
good only until our present allotment is exhausted, will be released
on April 23rd. This should not be confused in anyway with Pool
Rights, the stock held under which, is pooled for an indefinite
period.
We know Arizona Ray, and we believe in it. We want to be able
at some time in the near future to say. "I told you so," both to the wise
investor who has purchased the shares and to the "Doubting Thomas"
who still hesitates.
ARIZONA RAY AT PRESENT MARKET IS THE OPPORTUNITY OF
THE JUNIOR COPPERS
Send your orders for IMMEDIATE DELIVERY "at the market" or
under the SPECIAL OFFER at the following schedule:
FOR CASH
1000 Shares for $120
20C0 Shares for $240
5000 Shares for $500
TWELVE-PAYMENT PLAN
(' jc advance for carrying account)
1.000 Shares for $125; $15 down, $10 per month
2.000 Shares for $250; $30 down. $20 per month
3.000 Shares for $375: $45 down. $30 per month
5.000 Shares for $525: $75 down, $50 per month
10.000 Sharrs for $1250: $150 down. $100 per month
This offer is subpet to withdrawal without notice
W. L Wilson & Company
BROKERS
115 North First Avenue: Phoenix,
Phone 766.
Arizona.
Coupon
Please mail me. without
charge, maps, engineer's re
port, prosprctu jnd full pjr.
ticuljis on Anions Ray
Copprr; jlso free Arizona
iMiner.
Hume
COUPON
F'l-8;;e rnf t my ordT f"r
t-b.tr-ii of Aruou F.iy. I hud j"U
here it li $ a.. tu!l !""
Dfnf i pirt p.i ws t
I acre to' piy fh" Kil-ju'-n at tfc
r-t'" of t rvr tuu'lj
Vi'U lll 1113 il rrrMtH'0'0 to
Tank at
hFr 1 w ill make the. pajuu-ult.
Name-
Adure-.s
(If you want us to keip the stink fr
yoti in i'.nr p:if, rnw nut th? ;il,v )
B. R.
Address SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, MARCH 1, 1917.
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE OF ADMINISTRATOR'S
SALE OF REAL ESTATE.
In the Superior Court of the State of
Arizona, in and for the Coun
ty of Cochise.
In the mutter of the Estate of Kihm h
R. Jones anil Emma Joues, deceased.
NOTICE OF ADMINISTRATOR'S
SALE OF REAL ESTATE.
Notice is hereby given, that in pur
suance of an order of the Superior
Court of Arizona, in and for the
County f Cochise, made on the 23rd
day of February, 1917. in the matter
of the estate of Enoch R. Jones and
F.iiima Jones, deceased, the und I-Mt-'nn!
administrator of said estate,
will sell at priva' i s;;! in one n:.rcel,
to the hichest bidder, njjon the l-r'-is
and conditions hen ut.iiter Mention d.
and subject to iiie continuation by
said Court, '.n or after Saturday, the
loth day of March. 1917, all the right,
title, interest, and estate of said Enoch
R. Jones and Emma Jones, deceased,
in and to the hereinafter described
real estate ami the hereinafter de
scribed rights and easements, to-wit:
The surface only, together with forty
feet below the surface, of the undivid
ed one-half interest of said estate in
Lots 9. 10. 11. 12. 13, 14 and 15 in
Clock No. 3 and Lots 10, 11. 12. 13
and 14 in IttJck No. 2 of the Johnson
Lode Mining Claim, the patent to
which is of record in Hook 17. Deeds
of Mines at pages 378 to 3X1, to
gether with a right-of-way over said
Johnson Lode Mining Claim for the
purpose of constructing and maintain
ing a railroad thereover for a period
of five years; together with the right
to dump waste on said mining claim
so long as the dumping of said waste
shall not interfere with the value of
Improvements placed thereupon.
Terms and conditions of sale: Cash,
in lawful money of the United States.
The purchaser to assume the payment
of. and take the property purchased
by him subject to, all the state and
county taxes, and all assessments of
whatsoever n'jme or nature, which are
now or may become hereafter charge
able to or a lien against the property
purchased by him.
All bids or offers must be in writ
ins, and may be left at the oflice of
Alexander Murry, attorney for said
administrator, at Bisbee, Arizona, or
may be delivered to said administrator
in said County of Cochise, or may be
filed in the office of the clerk of this
court, at any time after the first pub
lication of this notice and before mak
ing of the sale.
Dated February 27, 1917.
MARTIN L. ARMSTRONG,
Administrator of the Estate f
Enoch R. Jones and Emma Jones, de
ceased. ALEXANDER MI'RRY,
Attorney for Administrator.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
' zona, Feb. 19, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Adolph
C. Hinters, 'of Hereford. Ariz., who,
on July 1. 1912, made Homestead En
try. No. 018472. for the SWi of, Sec
tion 20. Township 23 S., Range 22
East, G. and S. R. Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make final three
year Proof, to establish claim to the
land above oesenbed. before Jared D.
Taylor. I". S. Commissioner, at P.is
hee. Ariz, ton the 20th day of April,
1917. i
Claimant names as witnesses:
Pnmuel C. Giles, of Hereford, Ariz.:
William F. Cowtin. of P.isbee. Ariz.:
Fdward Wilcox, of Hereford. Ariz.;
Frank C. Cobbe. of Hereford. Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication Feb. 21. 1917.
Last publication March 22, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION. .
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona. Feb. 19, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that
Amanda Haverty. of Garces, Ariz.,
who. on April 30. 1910, made Home
stead Entry, No. 09944. for NE'i SE'4.
Sec. 3. Tp. 23 S.. R., 20 East G. and
S. R. Mer.. and on-Julv 25. 1916.
made additional H. E. 030725 for S
SW'14 NE'i. N'4 XW SE14. See
tion 3. Township 23, S.. Ranee 20
East, G. and S. R. Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make final five
year Proof, to establish claim to the
land above described, before Jared D.
Taylor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee.
Ariz., on the 21st day of April. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James E. Kelly. James W. Haverty,
Richard K. Haverty, O. Teter Haverty,
nil of Garres. Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication Feb. 21. 1917.
Last publication March 22, 1917.
NOTICE OF SCunoi. BOND ELEC
TION Bep"se. in oir Indemnt. if is
floemed P'fvjanWp SO to do. we. fhe
undersigned P.nnrd nf Trtsters of
Schoo' TMsfrirt No 2 Cmir.tr of Co
chise. Pte of Ar70na do horrhv col1
an election to he held on Ptnr't"v
March 24th. 1917. in certain build
ing Situated in the fitv oT Piohee,
Conntv of Cochise. State of Arizona
within said School District, known as
the Central School Building, for the
purpose of submitting to the nun lined
voters at said Flection, whether the
bonds of said School District shall be
issued and sold to raise money for
the following purposes:
1. For the purpose of construct
ing, eouinping and furnishing a prhool
building to be located unon a site to
he selected bv said Trustees within
the town of Warren in said District,
and improving the grounds thereof.
2. For the purpose of constructing,
equinning and furnishing a srhool
building to be located upon a site to
be selected by said Trustees in Upper
Tombstone Canyon in said District,
and Improving the grounds thereof.
3. For the piirHise of tn:iking olV
er necessary repairs or additions to
the school building. of said District,
as the Hoard of Trustees may deen
advisable.
4. For the purpose of purchasing
and improving :uldiiioiixl fnnimls for
1 In- school of s:iil nisi 1 id. or any of
them. :is the lluard of TiUr'I'Cs may
deem advisable.
The amount of s:id bonds shall be
One Hundred Thousand Dollars (?infl.
OfiO.OO) in the aggregate and shall con
sist of One Hundred 10oi bonds of
the denomination of One Thousand
Dollars (?1.000) each and shall be
numbered from one to one hundred
inclusive and shall bear interest from
their date at the rate of Five per cen
tum per annum, payable semi-annually
in gold coin of the Unittd Stales
of American., payable and maturing
as follows:
Numbers 1 to 10 inclusive, payable
and maturing in the year 3930.
Numbers 11 to 20 inclusive, payable
and maturing in the year 1931.
Numbers 31 to 50 inclusive, payable
and maturing in the year 1932.
Numbers 51 to 70 inclusive, payable
and maturing in the year 19.13.
Numbers 71 to 90 inclusive, payable
and maturing in the year 1934.
Numbers 91 to 100 inclusive, paya
ble and maturing in the year 1933.
John S. Williams, J. G. Pritchard
and O. R. Johnson are hereby nomi
nated and appointed by the under
signed as Judges for the purpose of
conducting said election and the elec
tion polls will be open between the
hours of 10 o'clock a. in. and 6 o'clock
p. m. of the day upon which said elec
tion will be held.
Instructions to voters will be post
ed according to law.
Dated at Bisbee, Arizona, this 23rd
day of February, 1917.
JOHN 1. ROSS,.
President.
C. H. HUNT.
Member.
c a. Mcdonald.
Secretary.
Comprising the Board of Trustees
of School District No. 2, County of
Cochise, State of Arizona.
Ordinance No. 213.
AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE
INSTALLATION OF GAS IN
THE CITY OF
BISBEE.
SECTION 1. It shall be unlawful
for any person, linn or corporation to
install any gas pipe or gas fittings, or
to repair or t) make any alterations
in. or addition to any gas pipe or gas
fitting installed in any building, or
to do any gas fitting work without
first obtaining a permit from the gas
inspector.
SECTION 2. For the purpose of
this ordinance the Common Council
may require the City Electrician to
perform the duties of Gas Inspector,
in which case no extra compensation
shall be allowed or paid said City
Electrician for any inspection or serv
ice he may perform under the terms
thereof.
SECTION 3. RULES AND REGU
LATIONS. The following rules and
regulations are hereby prescribed Tor
the construction, installation, repair
and alteration of gas fitting work in
the City of Bisbee and all such work
shall be done in conformity there
with before the gas inspector shall
grant a certificate of Inspection there
fore as herein provided; and it shall
be unlawful for any person, firm or
corporation to do any gas fitting work
in such a manner that the same shall
not conform to all of said rules and
regulations and to all the provisions
of this ordinance.
Size of Gas Pipe.
(A). The size Xif the gas pipe used
shall vary with the length of the pipe
and the required appliance or appli
ances served thereby in conformity
with the following table:
Estimated Service Capacities of Gas
Pipes of Different Lengths
and Diameters:
(Figures indicate cubic feet per hour)
Diam. of Length in feet
Pipe 3 6 9 12 15
. 20 20 20 20 20
i 40 40 40 40 40
100 100 100 100 95
1 200 200 200 193 190
Hi 400 400 280 370 360
1 500 490 485 480 475
Ft 18 24 30 40 00
18 15
Vi 30 20 18
90 85 K0 75 70
1 1S5 ISO 175 165 160
,1V 350 320 300 280 260
l 470 460 450 440 430
Ft. 60 70 80 100 125
65 60
1 150 140 130 100
1 240 230 220 200 175
I 14 400 360 320 COO 250
The above table represents estimat
ed capacities for gas pipes of different
lenghts and diameters. Not less than
pipe shall be used to supply out
lets for kitchen oven ranges, or for
other fuel appliances requiring more
than 48 cubic reet or gas per hour. In
no case shall the pipe supplying an
outlet be smaller than the connection
or the appliance.
(B). Drops, Drips and Outlets.
In all concealed work, drops and
drips shall cither be bent or securely
fastened by a strap soldered to the pipe
No center light or drop shall be used
of smaller diameter than Where
drips are necessary, the end or the
drip must be exposed and easy of ac
cess. Grate outlets and fireplace out
lets must not be less than two inches
from bottom of fire place. Drop pipes
and bracket outlets shall not project
through tne ceiling or wail lines more
than one inch.
(C). Grades, Leaks, Etc.
All pipe shall be well secured and
grade toward meter where possible,
otherwise drip pipes shall be used.
All risers more than six feet long
must have "TEES" on t lie bottom.
There must be no traps or depres
sions in the pipes where condensation
would remain. Pipes must not be
filled with water to determine leaks.
Gas fitters cement, sealing wax or
other similar material shall not be
used
to stop leaks I nfon joints
shall not be used in ronncealed work
but running thread connections or
right and left threads may be used.
(D). Meter and Pilot Tags.
In all buildings having more than
one (1 meter, the pipes must be
tagged or numbered to designate the
room or 11 part merit for which they are
intended. All pipes supplying gas to
appliances having n pilot burner must 1
be tagged at the shut off e k withj
the word " PILOT".
(E). Gas Pipe Exposed.
Gas pipe l"r un' purpose mn.-t not
be run beneath the Moor joist, except
where same is exposed. All gas pipe
laid in cement must be tar coaied. A
stop-cock easy of access must be pro
vided at each meter.
(F). Extensions.
In all cases where extensions are
to be made, each such extension shall
he taken from a pliint in the old line,
where the rule of sizes can be main
tained, and in no case shall the ex
tension be made from a pipe smaller
than such extension.
SECTION" 4. GAS PITE TEST. All
gas pipe and fittings must be tested
under an air pressure of not less than
ten (10) pounds to the square inch,
and all pipings and fittings shall hold
.nt.i nmccni-a n,,t lota ttinn fifteen
(15) in mutes without leaking; gasl
fixtures must not be hung before test
is made. The test must be made
after all the piping authorized in the
permit has been installed, and before
such piping has been covered or con
cealed. On all t'oncealed gas piping
the gas inspector shall make a final
test after the pipes have been con
cealed or covered.
All inspections shall be made by the
gas inspector within twenty-four
hours after notice is given. AH tools,
labor and assistance necessary for
making inspection and test, must be
furnished by the person, firm or cor
piration having control jf such work
to be tested.
SECTION 5. ORDERING REPAIRS.
When upon examination by the gas
inspector it appears that any gas
fitting work is defective, either in con
struction or -material, the same shall
be altered or repaired to conform with
the regulations set forth in this
ordinance.
SECTION 6. FINAL CERTIFICATE.
When any gas fittings or gas piping
for the installation or alteration o
which a permit has been issued, shall
be found on inspection to conform
with the provisions of this ordinance,
the gas inspector shall issue a certi
ficate of inspection, certifying that
such piping has been inspected nnd
found to conform to the provisions
hereof.
SECTION 7. UNLAWFUL USE. It
shall be unlawful for any person, firm
or corporation to use gas through any
pipe in any building, r to furnish or
supply gas through any piping that
has not been inspected and appi'oved
by the gas inspector.
SECTION 8. CONDEMNATION.
The gas inspector shall cause the sup
ply of gas to be shut off, when any
part of the gas pipe or fittings in or
about any building in the City of
Bisbee is found to be in a condition
dangerous to life or property. The
gas inspector shall notify the tiwner,
tenant or occupant of such building
in which gas pipes are located to have
the defecLs repaired, and to refrain
from using such defective pipes until
same has been repaired and rendered
safe.
SECTION" 9. FEES OF GAS IN-
shall be paid the city of Bisbee for
all gas tests up to four (4) openings,
and twenty-five (25c) cents for every
additional opening up to ten (10), and
fiftaan 1 ",f finntu fnr Aah find etrerv
opening until the said fee has reached
a maximum of five i5.00) dollars.
Should any gas piping leak or not G. & S. R. B. & M., described as fol-
conform to this ordinance, and the!i0ws. to-wit:
gas Inspector be required to return, an
additional fee of fifty (50c) cents may
be charged for each time he is re
quired to return.
SECTION 10. PENALTY. Any
person, firm or corporation failing,
neglecting, omitting or refusing to
comply with any of the terms, condi
tions or provisions or this ordinance
shall be deemed guilty or a mis
demeanor, and upon conviction shall
be fined in any sum not less than
five ($5.00) dollars and not more than
one hundred ($100.00) dollars, or shall
be imprisoner in the City Jail ror not
less than five (5) days nor more than
thirty (30) days, or shall be punished
by both such fine and imprisonment;
and each and every day that such
failure, neglect, omission or refusal to whence the W. V Corner of Section
comply with the terms of this ordin- ji9t 23-S. R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M..
ance shall continue shall be deemed!. ' - u n-n a .
a separate offense and subject the
nnrtv fan nfTntirf inir In a lilro miniuri.
ment thence N. 83' 46' W. 1500 feet to cor-
It shall be deemed an offense to'ner No- 3: thence North. 603.40 feet
maintain on one's premises any gas to corner No. 4: thence S. 83' 46' E.
piping or gas fixtures that is not in 1500 reet to corner No. 1. the place
compliance with the provisions or this
ordinance, ana any person maintain-.
ins uy aucii uanme diiiiiie or lix-'i
tures on his premises shall be fined
as herein provided.
SECTION 11. Nothing herein con
tained shall be construed to repeal
any plumbing ordinance of the City
of Bisbee, but all ordinances or parts
of ordinances in direct conflict here
with are hereby repealed.
Passed and adopted by the Mayor
Fehr,rm?oni7COUnCU tbU 20th day of :
Approved this 20th day or February.
1917.
I. C. E. ADAMS.
Attest: Mayor.
M. L. BUTLER.
City Clerk.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona. Feb. 19. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Daniel
McGowan. of Hereford. Ariz., who, on !
January 6. 1913, made Homestead En-'t
try'. No. 020673, ror the W SW.
section 5. and the EV4 SE'J, Section
6. Township 24 S.. Range 22 East. G.
and S. R. Meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make final three year
Proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor. U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Ariz., on the 12th day of April, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William Ryan, or Hereford, Ariz.;
Richard Todd, of Hereford. Ariz.: Day-
rm L. Graham, of Hereford. Ari .: Her-
bprt E Cooner of Ttishee Arii
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication Feb. 21. 1917.
Last publication March 22, 1917.
LEGAL NOTICES
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior,
j. S. Land Office at Phoenix,
Ari-
zona, Feb. 19, 1917.
NOTICE Is hereby given that John
F. Ashworth. of Garces. Ariz., who, on
December 17, 1913, made Homestead
Entry, No. 023970. for Lots 1, 2. ami
S'4 NE'4. section 6, Tp. 23 S., R. 21
East G. and S. R. Mer., and on May
28, 1914.; made Additional Hd. Entry,
No. 025191 for the SE',4 of Src-
tion 6, Township 23 S., Range
21 East, O. and S. R. Meridian
has filed notice of intention ftj make
final three year Proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared P. Taylor, U. S. Commis-
sioner. at Bisbee. Ariz., on the 13th;pla(p of Deginnin&( containing a net
day 01 April, Wli.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Carl N. Carlson, of Hereford, Ariz.;
George H. All wood. t.f Hereford, Ariz.;
Roy A. Newman, of Garces, Ariz.;
Caleb A. Newman, of Hereford. Ariz.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication Feb. 21. 1917.
Last publication March 22, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior,
S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari -
zona. Feb. 19, 1917. Leaf No. 1, W 0.970 acres; and with
NOTICE is hereby given that Homer j Survey No. 3174, William Penn lode,
R. Fike, of Naco, Ariz., who, on May .of 0.080 acres.
4. 1912. made II. E. 014449 for WVi "TRILBY". Beginning at corner No.
NEVi. NWU SE14, and SZM NWU.'l. the S. E. Corner; whence the N. W.
section 1, Tp. 21 S., R. 22 East G. j Corner of Section 30. T. 23-S. R. 25-E.,
and S. R. Mer., and on May 19, 1915, !g. & S. R. B. & M. bears N. 4 6' E.
made additional homestead entry No. 1 505.7 feet; thence N. 59 01' W. 600
027446 for N NWi and SW NWH,
and NW'14 SW'i. Section 1, Township
24 S., Range 22 East. G. and S. R -
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to
make final live year Proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Ariz., on the
19th day of April. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
John H. Hughes. Jacob C. Baker.
Joel H. Allen. William A. White, all
'of Hereford, Ariz. ,
J. L. IRVIN
Register,
First publication Feb. 21. 1917.
Last publication March 22. 1917.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3268.
Serial No. 031316.
Veh 10 -y17.
In the United States Lmd Office,
Phoenix, Arizona.
N-otice is hereby given that Baptist
aretto, owner of an undivided one-
St? Alien n Fair, owner of
Caretto,
half
n iiniiividDil nne-niiarter interest and
Ralph A. Ziesemer. owner of an un-i corner No . 3; thence N 69" 1 -divided
one-quarter interest, whose 654.50 feet to corner No 4; thence N.
postofllce addresses are Bisbee. Art- 5 ' E.. 1500 feet to corner
j for lne following named lode mining
claims, situated In the Warren Min-j".""5"' ou
lug District, Cochise County. Arizona. ! with Survey No. 245. Burro Shoe
in SecUon 19 and 30, Townsh'p 23 S,;Ioe ' cs- -n" vith Green
, RaW 25-E. and unsurveyed. Sections
24 and 25, Township 23-S Range 24 E.
"BELLE MONTE" Begining at cor
ner No. 1, the N. E. Corner, whence
the W. Corner of Section 19, T. 23-S.
R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears N.t2; thence S. 5 44' W. 1500 reet to
59 48' E. 1968.9 feet; thence S. 29 I corner No. 3; thence N. 59 01' W.
48' W, 70.70 feet to Cbrner No. 2; j 662.00 reet to corner No. 4; thence
thence N. 72 05' W, 1524.80 reet tojN. 5 44' E. 1500 reet to corner No.
corner No. 3; thence N. 29 48' E,l. the place tr beginning, containing
538.40 reet to corner No. 4; thence S. ja net area or 20.618 acres.
54 19' E. 1500 reet to corner No. l.i "CASH ENTRY NO. 2". Beginning
the place or beginning, containing a i at corner No. 1, the N. W. Corner,
net area or 6.763 acres, e-pressly ex-1 whence the W. U Corner or Section
eluding area in conflict with Survey
No. 2390. High Flyer lode, ottfAM
acres. " ' ?
"GREEN LEAF NO. 2" Beginning
at corner No. 1, the N. E. Corner.
g h 603 f t t corner K 2;
'
tit beginning, containing a net area oriM.. bears S. 26' 16' W. i04-a feet-
is.267 acres, expressly excluding area
nnflt uu o, v 9or.fi n.w
ola lode, or 0.448 acres, and with Sur-
vey No. 3180 O OM Paul lode, or 1.272
acres, and with Green Lear No. 3, or;
0.668 acres.
"MARCONI"
Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. E. corner, whence the
W Corner of Section 19, T. 23-S.
r, orp nje.cn ham hear, v
35' E. 855.7 ' reet;' thence South;
555 90 feet to ctorner No. 2; thence N.
72 47' W. 359.80 reet to corner No. S:
thence N. 65 59' W. 771.50 reet to
corner No. 4: thence North, 250 feet
to corner No. 5; thence S. 83 46' E. J
1054.70 feet to corner No. 1. the place :
or beginning, containing a net area
or 7.701 acres, expressly excluding
area in conflict with Green Leaf No. !
3. tr 2.022 acres, and Bar Bulliou. or
0 :53 acres
"GREEN LEAF NO. 3" Beginning
corner No. 1, the S. E. Corner,
whence the N. W. Corner or Section 1
30. T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M. I
bears S. 41" 02' E. 1118.8 reet; thence.
No. 51 20' W. 1279 00 feet to corner
No. 2; thence N. 29 48' E. 600 feet
to corner No. 3; thence S. 51 20' E. Mineral Farm No. 2, Recorded in
1279.00 feet to corner No. 4: thence! Cook 52. Record of Mines, page 129
S. 29 48' W. 600 feet to corner No.) Midway No. 1. Recorded in Book
1. the place tof beginning, containing:52. Record of Mines, page 135.
a net area of 12.158 acres, expressly Midway No. 2. Recorded in Book
excluding area in conflict with Sur-1 K2- Record or Mines, page 136.
vey No. 3173, Morning Star lode, of ! Marconi, Recorded in Book 52, Rec
0.427 acres, with Bar Bullion, of 0.401 j orl xf Mines, page 138.
acres, and with Mineral Farm No. 1, The names of the adjoining claims
of 4 420 acres. f this survey are: On the North:
"MINERAL FARM NO. 1." Begin- j Survey No. 31S0. O OM Paul lode,
nlng at corner No. 1. the N. E. Corner. Survey No. 2256. Osceola lode. Survey
whence the N. W. Corner of SecUon Ko- 2455, Jack Robinson lode and Burro
30, T. 23 S. R. 2.'. E.. (I. & S. R. B. & M.
bears S. 46 16' E. 762.2 feet; thence
S. 20 26' W. 719.00 feet to comer
No. 2: thence N. 30 08' W. 1482.60
feet to corner No. 3; thence N. 26
26' E. 719.00 feet to corner No. 4;
thence S. 30 06' I'.. 1482.60 feet to
corner No. 1. the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 15.781 acres,
expressly excluding area In conflict
with Bar Bullion, of 4.624 acres.
"GREEN LEAF NO. 1." Beginning
at corner No. 1, the N. W. Corner,
whence the W. V corner of Section
19, T. 23-S. R. 25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M.
bears No. 30 38' E. 279.4 feet; thence
,. iR, r fin, in f.pt tn nrnBr ;
No. 2; thence South, 1454.00 feet to
corner No. 3; thence N. 83' 46' W.
603.40 feet to corner No. 4; thence
North 1454.00 feet to corner No, 1, the
area of 20.022 acres
"BAR BULLION". Beginning at cor
ner No. 1. the S. E. corner, whence
the S. W. Corner of Section 19, T.
23-.1. R. 25-E.. G. - S. R. B. & M.
bears N. 70' 26' E. 584.3 feet; thence
N. 59 01' W. 600 feet to cDrner No.
2; thence N. 24 20' E. 1500 feet to
I corner No. 3; thence S. 59 01' E.
600 feet to corner No. 4 ; thence S.
24e 20' W. 1500 feet to corner No 1.
ithe place of beginning, containing a
l net area of 19.472 acres, expressly ex
t eluding area in conflict with Green
feet to corner No. 2; thence N. 24' 20'
E. 1500 feet to corner No. 3; thence
(S. 59 01 E. 600 feet to corner No.
1 4; thence S. 24 20' W. 1500 feet to
corner No. 1. the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 19.463 acres.
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Green Leaf No. 1, of 1.059 acres.
"MINERAL FARM NO. 2" Begin
ning at corner No. 1. the N. W. Cor
ner, whence the N. W. corner of Sec
tion CO. T. 23-S. R. 25-E., G. & S. R B
!& M. bears N. 87" 58' E. 827.8 feet:
j thence S. 59 01' E. 1500 feet t Cor-
ner No. 2; thence S. 25 32' 30" W.
1296.00 feet to corner No. 3; thence N.
I 68 31' W. 1498.50 feet to corner No.
feet to corner No. 5; thence N. 26"
26' E. 97.70 feet to corner No. 1, the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 14.419 acres.
"MIDWAY NO. 1". Beginning at cor-
lner L tne w- corner. whence
Ithe W. Vi corner of Section IS, T.
i 23-S R. 25-E, O. & S. R B. & M. bears
S. 29' 26' W. 6.0 9 feet; thence S.
! 01' E. 654.50 feet to corner No.
! taining a net area of 14.974 acres.
lui ivu. 1, 01 i.vuy acres.
"MIDWAY NO. 2." Beginning at
i corner No. 1. the N. W. corner, whence
'the W. V Corner of Section 19. T.
23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. & M.
Bears S. 74 29' W. 924.6 fret; thence
S. 59 01' E. 662.00 reet to corner No.
19. T. 23-S. R. 25-E.. G. & S. R. B. & M.
bears N. 86 20' W. 1461.4 reet;
thence S. 59 01' E. 662.00 reet to
corner No. 2; thence S. 5 44' W. 1500
feet to comer No. 3; thence N. 59c
01' W. 662.00 feet ft corner No. 4:
thence N. 5 44' E. 1500 feet to corner
No. 1, the place of beginning, cbntain-
ing a net area of 20.618 acres,
1
"CASH ENTRY NO. 1." Beginning
at corner No. 1. the S. W. Corner,
whence the S. W. Corner or Section
1 19. t. 23-S. R. 25-E.. G. S. P n
1 thence North 685.10 reet to corner
' x- . .i o mm r. . -n
to corner No. 3: thence Sbuth, 683.10
reet to corner No. 4; thence N. 59'
01' W. 1500 reet to corner No. 1. the
place or beginning, containing a net
area or 20.226 acres.
The location notices or these claims
are recorded In the office or the County
Recorder or Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
Bar Bullion. Recorded in Book 52,
Record of Mines, page 131.
Belle Monte. Recorded in Bdbk 52,
'Record of Mines, page 137.
Cash Entry No. 1. Recorded In Book
52. Record of Mines, page 139.
Cash Entry No. 2., Recorded in BdbR
54. Record or Mines, page 286.
Green Lear No. 1. Recorded In Book
52. Record or Mines, page 132.
Green Lear No. 2. Recorded in Book
Record or Mines, page 133
Green Lear No. 3. Recorded in Bbok
52. Record or Mines, page 134
Trilby. Recorded in Book 52. Rec-
ord or Mines, page 130.
... i aim liu. i, juecurueu III
Vook 52. Record of Mines, page 128
iShoe lode, unsurveyed claims, claims
and claimants unknown.
1 On the East: Unsnrveyed claims,
, claims and claimants unknown. Lit
tle Dandy and Garibaldi Rules, nnsur-
, veyed.
On the South: Victor, unsnrveyed.
Survey No. 317. William Penn lode.
Survey No. 2028, Crover lode. Survey
No. 3173, Morning Star lode. Survey
i No. 2280 Omega lode.
! On the West: Survey No. 2290, High
i Flyer lode and Pet House lode.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication Feb. 13. 1917.
Last publication April 26, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix.
Arizona, Feb. 10, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that W. Jac
ob McAllister, of Buena. Arizona, who.
on Feb. 4. 1913. made Ho-nestead En
try No. 02110C. for SE'i. Section 6.
Township 22S.. Range 21E.. G. & S. R.
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make Three Year Final Proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor. U.
3. Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona,
on the 29th day or March, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses: ,
Ed. Bryan, Cassius R. Knoles. Paul
II. Knoles. Oliver Fry, all of Buena.
Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication Feb. 13. 1917.
T.ast Publication March 29. 1917.
N THE UN1TFO STATES LAND
OFFICE.
Phoenix. Arizona. Feb 10. 1917
No'ice of Application for Patent Sur
vey No. 1898. Serial No. 031241.
Notice is hereby eiven that Copper
7"een Consolidated Minine Conipanv.
a corporation organized under the
' of the State of New York, and
'wfnllv encaged in the transaction
of its corporate business in the State
if Arirona. bv G H TViwelJ. its Gen -
-a1 Mr-apr and Attomev In Fart,
-'nse nost office address is TVwelss
""ocMse County. Arizona, has made
'nnlication for patent for the "Hava
na" lode, s'tuate in Warrpn Mining
district Coehls Connfv. State of Ari-
ona and is more fnl'v described as j TTTtS rnt'PT- Tat all pernn in
o rnefos sn,j pounds bv te official : terted in the estate nf saiil miror
"'at herewith posted, and bv the field jannear before the said SnnerW CoiTrf
rotes of survey thereof filed in the ' on Satnrdav. the 10th dav of March,
office or the Register of the United I A. P 1917. at the hour of 10-on oVmclr
ate Land Office, at Phoenix Arizo-j m - of ,1av- at ,hp rn,,rt rnom
na. which field rotes or survey de-i of ,,i' Unnrt at the court hnnse In
sorihe the hnnndnrio and e-rtent f the city of Tombstone. Cochise Conn-
said claim on the surface, with mag
netic variation of 12 30' East as fol
lows: "Havana" Lode
Beginning at Cor. No. 1. whence V.
-
irici Deprs I. o II I-.. ...i.i leei;
thonce v 7 it tv- o- j .
' " ' " ' " ' ' .
or. .o inencp ft v ..i v .
52 4 feet to Cor. No 3: thence S. 78
12' K. 261.1 feet to Cor No. 4: thence
N. O' 56' W. 243.4 feetxto Cor No. 5:
thence N. 84 34' E. 43 8 reet to Cor.
No. 1. the place or beginning, exclud
ing, however, rrom said described
area the area of .057 acres in con
flict with "Webster" lode. Survey
1?S7.
The net area of said "Havana" lode,
for which patent is applied, exclusive
of area in conflict with "Webster"
lode. Survey 13S7 is 1.313 acres.
The adjoining and conflicting claims
are the "Molvina" lode. Survey No.
959; "Copper King" lode. Survey No.
375: "Webster" lode. Survey No.
13S7: and "Al Hassen" lode. Survey
No. 13S7.
Any and all persons claiming ad
versely the mining ground, vein. lode,
premises, or any portion thereof.
so described, surveyed, platted and
applied for. are hereby notified that ;
unless their adverse claims are duly
filed, according to law and the regu-;
lations thereunder, within the time
prescribed by law. with the Register ,
of the United States Land Office, at
Phoenix. Maricopa County. Arizona,
thev will be barred by virtue of the
provisions of said statute.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register of the United States
Land Office. Phoenix. Arizona.
First Publication Feb. 13. 1917.
Last Publication April 24. 1917.
IN THE UNITFD STATES LAND
OFFICE
Phoenix. Arizona. Feb. 10. 1917
Notice of Anlicatinn for Patent, $Mr-
vey No. 19?0. Serial No. C31242.
Notice Is hereby riven that the Con-
ner O'teen Consolidated Mining Com-
nanv. s enrnnration organized under
he laws of the State of New York.
and wfullv engaged in the transact-
Ion of Its eornorafe bnsipess in the
State of Arizona, bv G II Dowell. its
General Manager, and Attorney in
lact. whose post office address is
Douglas. Cochise Conntv. Arizona.
as made application for Patent for
'he "Midget" lode, situate in Wrren
Mining District. Cochise County,
state of Arizona, and is ".ore fittty
described as to metes and bounds by
the official plat herewith pifsted. and
hw the fi.dd notes or survey thereof.
Hed in the office of the Rrister of
'he United States Land Office, at
nhoenix, Arizona, which field notes
of survey describe the boundaries and
-xtent of said claim on the surface.
with magnetic variation of 12 30'
past as follows: I
"Midget" Lode
Beginning at Cor. No. 1. whence lT. ;
S M. M. No. 4. Warren Mining Dis- ;
trict bears S. 7S 0V E. 41628 feet;
thence N. 34 36' W. 74 5 feet to Cor.
No. 2: thence S. SO 51' W 3S7 1 feet
to Cor. No. 3; thence S. 34 36' E.
88.53 reet to Cor. No. 4; thence N.
7S' 57' F. 3S1.2". feet the place of be
ginning, excluding, however, from
said described area 0.024 acres lu
conflict with "Macomb' lode. Survey
No. 1S9C,; also 0.44 acres in conii.i t
with "Golden Gate" lode. Survey No.
84::.
1 The net area of said "Midget" lode.
for which patent is applied, exclusive
of said areas in conflict is 0 226 acres.
The adjoining and ronflicting claims
are the "Hendricks." Survey No. 290;
"Copper Globe." Survey No. 14C;
"Golden Gate." Survey No. 843:
"Macomb." Survey No. 1S96: "Back
Bone." Survey No. 13S7; and "Twi
light." Survey No. 13S7.
Any and all persons claiming ad
versely the mining ground, vein. lode,
premises, or any portion thereof. sr
described, surveyed, platted and ap
plied for. are hereby notified that un
less t"ieir adverse claims are duly
lied, according to law and the regula
tions thereunder, within the time pre
scribed by law. with the Register of
the United State Land OITice. at
Phoenix. Maricopa County. Arizona,
thev will be harred by virtue of th
nrovisintis of Slid statute.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register of th United States
Ijnd Office. Phoenix. Arizona.
First Publication Feb 1.1. 1917.
Last Publication Anrit 24. 1917.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
In the County of Cochise,"
State of Arizona
Tn the Matter of the Estate and
Onardian-hin of Fllen Cunningham.
Mary I Cunnineham. Florence Cnn
ntnrham. M. J Cunningham. Jr.. Fran
cis Cnnnlncham and William Cun
ningham. Minors.
Order to Show Canse Whr Or
der of Sale of Real Estate Should
T.f he Made
IT APPEARING TO THIS COrPT
hv the netit-on this driv presentpl arid
filed bv M J Cnnnlneian f?'i1ian
of the Terson .and estate f ne
: nhnve n-mrf minor that t ts for ti
1 het interest of the estate of the
ahnre named minor tn sell the -h1e
j of the real estate of saH minor in
j order that the nrocee'I ftiertf mT
be invested in some productive stock
or rt'it O'lt at Interest.
IT IS TTIT'TJfF'OP'P nPTVETyTpi PV
tv. State of Arirona rn show panse
why an order should not rte granted
to said netftioner. to sell so much of
the said real estate a shall be rece.
sarv and that a cony of this order b
anhlished four successive week In the
Bisbee
Daily Review, a newspaner
and published in the said
' . .
nnntt d
i COnntv of Cochise.
Dated February 3rd. 1917
ALFRED C LOCKWOOn.
Judge of the Sunerlor Corrt
First publication Feb. 8. 1917
NOTICE FO PUBLICATION
Department of the In'erinr
r. S I.WD OPvirK at Phoenix.
Arizona. Feb. 10. 1917
Vn ire horohv inven that Rrty
TH-e of lTrefrrI. Arizona. wn on
nWI TO 101O marie TJnmesteori Fp-
ry n OITr.ci fnr K-1'. Cortinn 1?.
Tott-nBh! :?;?. Ttanre 21F.. G. X- S.
R Merid'en ba filed notice of inten
tion to mnVe Three Year Final Proof,
tn establish claim to the land above
described, before J;r1 D Tavlor. U.
S Commissioner, at Bishee. Arizona.
jew .o ti,, (jnv 0f v-tr-ph. 1(117
J Claimant nime p witnesses?
i Swmw. Sherman .T. R-ts John
; vin"y. and c.eore w. Injrley. all
nf Hereford, ri70na
J. T 1PVTV Register
"irst Pi'htieMiop Feb. 13 1917
1 tat TNtWtotiow Mrf " 1l!7
IN "Ht SllPFRlOR rniiRT OF THE
STATE OF API7I-INA. IN
AND FOR THt COUN
TY OF COCHISE.
Tn the Mster of the Ci?ar4fanhln
of the Fstate of George Fdgar Haw-
kins, a Vinor.
; Order to show cause why order
j or nl f fpal estate shoulj tot
! hp
IT JPPPtPtNV, TO TH1-5 COCRT
by he petition tis Hav preen'ed and
filed hv R. A Ttref'errv.p. C-nr.V-nn of
the Person and Ftate of George
Vdiar TTawHns. a minor, that it is
necenrv to ae'l the whole of the real
estate of said minor, for the reason
that he ha no other property, real or
neronl. snd that the property yteM
nn Income whatever and said mirr
ha no Income from nnr other source;
,1t it is necessary i sell the
said minor's undivided thirtecn-forf
eights (irt-4S Interest fn and to the
"Tt'tle Tasinn" T ode Vinipe Claim
situated In the Warren Vinine Dia
h'- County. AHron,
IT tc Tiipprpoir npnrprn nv
Tins COT'rjT- Tat all person Inter
ested in the estate of a'rt Minor ap
pear before the said Superior Conrt
on Saturday the inth day of March
A D 1917. at the boer of in-oo oVIocV
A. M.. of said dav. at the Court rwvn
of said Court at the Court house in
the City of Tombstone. Cochise County
3ate of Arizona, to show cause whv
, in order shoulil not he pranlit frt 4,e
rpt;tinT,Pr to s(n , m,!f.h of
,,,, rf,a, 0,tafA , ,, ht npssarr
,,, thnt rony of thf) 0r(W p,,
lished four success! week n the
pTee DMly Review, a newspaper
printed and published In the sa!.
Conr.ty of Cochise.
Dated February 3rd. 1917.
ALFRED C. LOCKWOOD.
Judge of the Sr.perTrr Court
First publication Feb. 8, 1917. r
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. THURSDAY MORNING, MARCH 1, 1917.
SEVEN
!
t
3
.
i
X
-3
.)
V
r
Reuieu? Want Ads
.niseniente tinder th.iead
.. minimum cham of 26
. v nm 'er than 4 p
in
Wantt-cE
Would buy malachite and azurite. Box
20S Blsbee.
WANTED I ady to do general house
work Apply ill Opera Drive. 166
WANTED At once, chambermaid at
. Goln Hotel." 165
Miner, good habits, wants board and
room with private family close in.
Write W. T.. Review. 223
WANTED Woman to assist in board
ing house at South Bisbee. Call at
Browns boarding house at once. 258
WANTED Three lady solicitors, two
to ten dollars a day. Inquire Guar
antee Paint Co., after five evenincs.
229
WANTED Furnis-ed house or house
keeping rooms for family of three
for all summer. Address Box G. K. .
Review office. 22S
WANTED Bookkeeper to work even-1
ings. good references and salary !
expected for such work. Box B157
Lowell. 231
WANTED Bookkeeper to work even
ings. Give references and state sal
ary expected for such work. P. O.
Box 3157, Lowell. 231
WANTED Second hand Ford car in
good condition, will pay cash. Ad
dress E. D. Williams, Gleeson, Ari
zona. 229
FOR RENT Furnished room for gen
tleman. C. B. Cain, Fair Store. 255
FOR RENT Batching cabin suitable
for two. Mrs. Lanoy, 104 Young-
blood Hill. 230
FOR RENT One furnished house
keeping rooti, 5 Main Street, Cot
tage home. 233
FOR RENT 2 nice, unny furnished
housekeeping rooms, with large
porch, 15"B Tcmby Ave. 256
FOR RFNT 2 furnished rooms for
li(rt ,ous!"-i'penii), lights, water
and e?s 163 Opera Drive. 257
FOR RNT 3 furnished rooms for
li-t r-o'isekferring. Mrs. Li?on,
Cor-his" Row. 22S
FOR RENT Rooms for light house
freepicg. Hoi brook House, Naco
Road. Xo children. 232
FOR RFNT Nicely furnished front j
room for two srentlemen above In- i
dependent office. Main Street. 253
FOR RFNT Nice front hed room for
one or two gents wit or without
board, last pousp on Tenner St.,
back of C. A. office. Warren, Ari
zona. 254
For Sal
FOR SALE 15 head of cattle, Mrs.
Jake Fletcher, .Tombstone Canyon
252
FOR SALE New Washburn piano,
bncb and 6carf, $250; ?lu cash. $6
per month. No interest W. Mulr,
Next Wells Fargo. 358
c .
FOR SALE $500 cash buys a nice
farm in St. Johns Co., Florida, 3
crops a year. Call No. 82 Jigger
ville. 17
FOR SALE Lots on Win wood Add
An Ideal location for familief
Terms $10.00 down and $10.00 r
month. Mrs. Winv.ood, Winwood
Add. 1S4
FOR SALE 2 lots in Salt Lake City
Utah, good location close in, wil'
accept Ford auto as part payment,
balance monthly payments. For
particulars inquire F. J. KeogI), old
Mason shop, Lovell. 377
FURNITURE FOR SALE The John
son Addition Furniture Co. wants
to pay you ti!e highest cash prices
for your second hand furniture. Al
so want3 to trade or exchange you
new furniture for your old. We will
ell you .furniture cheaper than
anybody on easy payments. Call
in at the big brick building at the
Johnson Addition and let us show
you our large and selected stock of lion of h two insrredients is what pro
house furnisnings, or phone us at ""; J"mh. wonderful results in curing
I r-at.-irrh. Pnd for teptimonluls. free.
our store. Phouo 3Sa, JoUtiaou Ad- y. j. chenlv & CO.. Props.. Toledo, O.
diilon po,d l-y frupris's- fri- TSc.
I Tk Hall's ia.nlly Pills for constlpattoa.
PETEY DINK lie Would Go Anywhere in Such Companyr
i . !NM'iisi.4iM-aa rVv. i A WAOTo 13ipe -Kl5TWiur fis .- 7;1i t VI f&Tf
aw HcoKAeovw inryir"irrTri' ti
at the race of 1 ceo. per ord for ecB
cents Advertise-ieni.s must reach Tfc
for Insertion In Mie net nioroin papf
LOST
gentleman's
LOST California gold
ring In front of Dispensary. Return
to Martin Stevens, 109A Castle !
Rock. 52
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
Dressmaking and ladies tailoring. 37
Laundrv Hill, Metz car stop. Mrs.
McDougall. 172
B WHITNEY Lawyer. Root. ft
Upti piorl Oppp pvpnlT Phon-
547 (10S)
Vrs Ruhv Johnson, piano and organ
tnstructor Terms, 60 cents a les
son 35 Montana Street, Johnson
Addition
231
Hfc MOOrfb HOl tL (Old Kinney
House) Furnished rooms $2 pel
week and up. with gaa: also light
Housekeeping rooms. 178
FIRST-CLASS painting or paper hang
ing by day work or contract H.
Johnson & Co., phone Blue 764.
Postoffice box 1715. 107
P. J. McCullough, contractor. Phone
20. Box 934. Excavating, retain
ing walls, concrete houses, wells
and mining work is my specialty.
221
Toothache can be prevented by fol
lowing si pie instructions. - Call at
my office for free booklet. J. F..
Teufert
9Z
D. D. S.,
Maze Building,
-6 oiooy
Miscellaneous
Try the new dir.ing room at the Oz
ark House. Roo'-s at the same
place, 71 Brewery Gulch, John Joce
Proprietor. 195
arn actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A.. Los Angeles. Cat
alogs free. 955
"ROP A CARD to the Guarantee
'alt.t & Wall Paper Co. for all
kinds of work in our line, Pat Clea
v. manager Box 1495. Phone 720.
2,780 vessels passed through Pan
ama canal up Pj Jan. 1. Gross ton
nage was 13.086,5C5n and total cargo
carried, 11.652,405 tons. Aggregate
revenue. from tolls was i3,677.69a.. as
against a cosi oi opei-iion ana mam-
tenance of $7,142,124.
FRENCH SHIP MUST BE
AUTHORIZED TO SAIL.
PARIS, Feb. 28.-r-An oCicial decree
published here today provides that all
steamships of more than 1,000 tons
burden which are chartered by compa
nies or individuals in France must
have authorization from the under sec-
retary ot transportation in orner u ! punishment, returns after five years
sail from a foreign port to any other jt0 raarry the girl. He learns that tho
port than a French port or to sail in girl js df ad Tlle Eider conceals the
ballast from a French port to a for- j fact thHt a cllild had been boru t0
eign port.
RHEUMATISM
USlially yields to the purer blood
and greater strength which
creates. Its rich oil-food enlivens
the whole system and strengthens
the organs to throw of! the injurious
acias. (viany aoctors tnem
selves take Scott's Emulsion
and ycu must stand fern
against substitutes.
Scott a Bowse, Btoomficld. N. I. ltrtt
Catarrh Cannot Be Cured
with LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as) they
unnut rearh the srnt of th dit-aa. Ca
tarrh is a blood or constitutional disease,
;jiid in ordt-r to cur- It you must take in
ternal remwiifs. Hall's Catarrh Cure is
laktr. internally, and acts directly upon
Hi- hloixl and mucous surface. Hall's
"atnrrh Cure is not a quacic medicine. It
v.as prtscribed by one of the best pliy
si urns iii this country for years and is
1 reeular prescription. It is composed of
"lie best Ionics known, combined with the
best blood purifiers, a'-tiny directly on the,
' .... DiirfKu Tli. twrfect comlilnA
GLASS OF SALTS
GLEANS KIDNEYS'
If your Back is aching or Blad-
i der bothers, tannic lots of
! water and eat less meat
When your kidneys hurt and j'our
back feels sore, don't get scared and
proceed to load your stomach with a
lot of drugs that excite the kidneys
aud irritate the entire urinary tract.
Keep your kidneys clean like you keep
your bowels clean, by Hushing them
with a mild, harmless salts which re
moves the body's urinous waste and
stimulates tuem to their i.'ormal activ
ity. The function of the kidneys is ,
to filter the blood. In 24 hours they (
strain from it 500 grains of acid and
waste so we can readily understand 1
the vital importance of keeping the 1
kidneys active. )
Drink lots of water you can't drink J
too much : also get frbm any pbdrma- j
cist about four ounces of Jad Salts,
take a tablespoonful in a glass of
water before breakfast each morning
for a few days and your kidneys will
act fine. This famous salts is made
from the acid of grapes and lemon
juice, combined with Mthia, and has
been used for generations to clean
and stimulate clogged kidneys; also
to neutralize the acids in urine so it
no longer is a source of irritation,
thus ending bladder weakness.
Jad Salts is inexpensive; cannot in
jure; makes a delightful effervescent
lithia-water drink which - everyont
should take now and then to keep
their kidnevs clean and active.
Try
this, also keep up the water drinking,
and nt doubt you will wonder what be
came of your kidney trouble and bac
ache. . - (Advertiseinen
VIOLA DANA APPEARS
IN THE GATES OF EDEN
Excellent Story Contained in
Latest Metro Release at
Central Theatre.
"The Gates of Eden." a Metro fea
ture, .starring Viola Dana, is the bill
at tlie Central theatre today.
This story deals with the supposed
fanatical ' zeal cJ the sfct.kMiwii .aaH
The Shakers ecorillrig 6'thl
.rector of the story, this sect punishes
any meniDer sinning against us creea
of cetbaey by whipping, and jn this
theory rests the whole plot.
A young Shaker falls in love with
a young Shakeress and is cruelly
punished tor the consequent intimu-. y j
between himself and the :'iil. f is
lied to a iree and nis boay is oareu
to the waist to receive a brutal whip
ping. The young Shaker, who is ex
iled from his sect after receiving tlii.s
!him. The Shaker thereupon becomes
a man of hate, as we are 'informed
in one of the titles. He is thirsting
for revenge, and in some way secures
mnrtrnpp nn the KhnfcerV nrnnertv.
The mortgage becomes due, and as the
I Shakers cannot pay it toreciosure pro
ceedings follow in the regular course
' of law, and the whole community of
Shakers is driven forth from their
J home.
j "The man of hate," who approp
riately enough, has changed his name
from Bard to Drab, uses a whip to
exact a blow for a blow. He has his
revenge. At the last moment he dis
covers that his daughter lives and for
ber sake he forgives the man who bad
wronged him and the ending is as
happy as could be expected after such
a prolonged symphony in tray.
The acting of Violet Dana is en
titled to piurb praise: she bad a most
difficult task and performed it well.
This young woman has evident talents
and is manifestly capable ot much bet
ter work than she is able to sbow in
this feature. Her support was fair.
There were many subtle touches of
symbolism ' in the play, and some 'ol
the scenes were effecting. Settings
and photography are most satisfactory.
The atmosphere of the play was one
of sustained gloom.
. BRITISH SHIP LEYSIAN
1 DESTROYED ON fiEEFS
i NEWPORT SEWS, Va., Feb. 8.
Reports received here today by Fur
ness. Withy and Company, Ltd, the
agents, said that the Itritish steamer
laysian, engaged in the horse trans
port trade between, this port and
Aroomoutb, England, went ashore ott
the British coast February :i, and
will be a total loss.
;VA!GEL!STS WILL
HOLD MEETINGS HERE
DURING THIS MONTH
Evangelistic services arc to ie con
ducted during this "north at the Pics
byteriiin church by Dr. Hart, and .Mr.
McGann, who have recently held
meetings in Phoenix.
Dr. Ray Darker, pastor of the First
M. E. church of Phoenix, says: "We
took these men on their splendid tes
timonials nd fe't we hnd made no
mistake. They are sane, devoted, ear
nest men and are doing good work."
Pev. T F MeConrtney. secretary
of the Arizona Baptist Convention,
sieaVs of the evHng"lists in the high
est terms. He has written repeated
lv tirein? Hisbee churches to secure
tir services if Possible. Rev. H. P.
Coev. svnoir-jtl missionary of the
P-eshvter.nn cNire'i. has been attend
i"? the meetinss in Phoenix and
writes that he considers them the
most successful in the evangelistica'
world.
The "-eetines are to be conducted
under the ausrics of the Proshvter1
tn. Methodist, Bantist pnd Chiisinr
cN'rches sml the Volunteers of Arr
erica. Tese conercgTtitns indues
more thfn twelve hundred pople tr
nrparation for th cotiin? srvi"e'-nry-er
meetinis are being held each
evening t'lis week. At 7:?0 o'cloc'
tonight services will be held at the
Bnptist church and at the home of L.
H. Stranahan, in upper To bstone
Canyon.
PUT CREAM IN NOSE
AND STOP CATARRH
Tells IIow To Open Clojrged Nos
trils and End Head-Colds.
Your cold in head or catarrh will be
gone. Vour clogged nostrils wi'.l open.
The air passages of jour head will
clear and you can breathe freely. No
.nore dullness, headache; no hawking,
snuffling, mucous UischarKes or dry
ness; no struggling for breathe at
night.
Tell your drugtist you want a small
bottle of Ely's Cream lisilm. Apply a
little of this fragrant, antiseptic cream
in 'jur nostrils, let it penetrate
through every air passage of the head;
oothe and heal the swollen, inflamed
iucous membrane, and relief comes
'nstantly.
It is just what every colt' and cat
arrh sufferer needs. Don't stay stuffed
jp and miserable.
ALLEGED DRUG USEIl
IS TAKEN TO TUCSON
DOICI.AS. Feb. US. Anily Grhi
vaw, formerly a wauer in a local res
aurant. was bound over yesterday to
the action of the Federal grand jury
on the chrrge of selling drugs, at the
Preliminary hearing held before I. S.
Commissioner H. C. Leumier. Depu
ty V. S. Marshal J. F. McDonald, of
Hisbee. took the prisoner tcday to
Tucson. Crn-shaw was arrested sev
eral days ago by the rity j.f!ice on a
vr.erancy charge and kept in jail,
xthile John D. Mills. Jr.. special agent
of the treasury department, complet
ed the case against him.
Are You Prepared for
Baby's Arrival?
You are If "MotuL-r's I rie.id"
lias been given a place n your
home. The dread and agony of
childbirth can be eliminated to
the greatest extent by this woa
derfui assistant to nature. Drug
gists everywhere sell "Mvther'a
Frieau."
WluaiUanV
Interesting X
Book on MotWrtecA
( Soxit 7re to All I
1 Expectant MotKarc I
wite foo.iT.
Sore shoulders, lame back,
stiff neck, all pains and aches
yield to Sloan's Liniment.
Do not rub it. Simply apply to
the sore spot, it quickly penetrates
and relieves. Cleaner than mussy
plasters or ointments, it does not
stain the skin.
Keep a bottle bandy for rheumatism,
sprains, bruises, toothache, neuralgia, gout,
lumbago and tore stiff muscles.
At ail druggists, 25c. 50c. and $1.00.
VALENTINE GRANT IS
OFFERING AT ROYAL
Farrors Players' Star Appears
Tcday Only in "The Daugh
ter of MacGregor."
H is no small task for a young
Scotch girl, juet atrived from the old
country, to go inro nn A merican lum-l
ber camp and win the affectionate re-1
..o .1 rf thrt rnnwii men Thnt is the I
task which Joan MacGregor faced in j
te. Famous Havers production. "The
Dauchter o-: .MaCJregor." in which
Valentine Cr-'iit is being featured on
the Paramount program. It is the at
traction at the Rjyal theatre tod"y.
Jean has run away fro-1 home after
a serious disagreement with her fath
er and. rfter earning enr.uer't money
to get to Anif rica, has discovered that
te une'e whom s-e depended upon
for assissnce is pn old benr who re
fuses to help her in the least except
o get her a iob in his cook tent with
instructions io the chef 10 give her
nil the work possible. So Jean bit
her lip and proceeded to battle her
way into the hearts of those lumber
en. ppnefiin? to some t-roug;i iht ir
sense of humor and to others by her
tirii'.iileii courage.
When thinTs finally came to pass
t!-,p.t Jean actually captured the crook
who had been stealing hundreds ami
rir.:die!s of feet of lumber from the
......... !..-.. nnlhinu In ell that
Ifl e ,.-. it.'.i'.i.r, ... ...... 1
csuip that tlie Scotch lassie could not I
commandeer, from her uucle to the
chef. Hut just when everything
seemed to be working out so snooth
ly for .lean, there came a very bitter
low. Her departure from home had
i.een promoted bv the a'tack which
er father made upon young Winston
wi'h when she was in love. Old man
MacGregor. with the same breath in
v-hich he announced his intention of
ta'tin;: unto himself a new wife, coni
ran:ied Jean never to see Winston
ain. MarGroor knew nothing
nbout the young man himself, but the
!'ing and extremely active tongue of
fie future Mis. MucGre-or was very
r-usv manufacturing scandal about the
hat.py young pair.
When Jean !isappe?is from Im e
bot'- Winston j-nd br sten-niot'ier be
gin frantic sei-rches for her hit each
vith a verv different object in view.
Ts.- itiscover where the girl is at
ho'it the sjiii" time ami thus it trans
-ires t'irtt V."iu; ton arries at the lu;n-:
ber ca "p at the surie time the old un-j
le revives a kt'er denouncing Jean, i
The j'l.ni aratice of Winston seems to
co!iti'-:ii tiie ac tisa'ion of the letter,
but ir.;. iters an- Cually straichter.ed .
niter several tense situations'
navr- developed fetwecn the Iiot-teiu-t
err.'. old man, liery Jan and the loe-s'i'itt"-n
Winston.
In support of Miss Grant thre ap
r:ar several wel!-'-!io-.vn pl;yers,
mi;:ll' t'lem Helen I.ilidreth. Sidney
Masoi:, Anla l..i Croix and Kdwarus .
Davis.
-? F HiehfK caih price paid :
'rnrl band furniture, stoves.
fo AwoTMee VA3EM(iErl
A HilEKID OF Ml )
SiVJOOFLE S )
im ikiJkikmn l"fcs ssMsMlslsMtii ssi ml
..Lodge
WEEK ENDING MARCH 3
Monday P. and M. E. M.
Tuesday
Wednesday 2nd. Degree
T...P..I..- I 1 . . T . .
I Nv' Sntnrdav Rnvnt Arrh
C. BLEDSOE. W. M.
a T. WATKINS. Secy. F. & A. M
- . M. COLWELL. E. H. P.
C F. PHILKROOK. T. I. M.
.' K. FRY. E. C.
F S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chapter
and Comniandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. 'Visiting brothers
ordialiy invited to attend.
CHAKLES S. HEAR, Exalted Ruler.
R. B. COOVER. Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE, No. 10, I. O. O. F.
Meets e v e r
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
eilows Hall,
Main street at 7:00 p. m. Visiting
i brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
j CARL V. NELSON, N. O.
G. A. PLUNKETT, Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 210.
Meets in L O.
O. F. Hall sec
ond and fourth
SATURDAY
at 7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend. CEO. SLEEMAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary.
1. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
BOSTON WINS AMATEUR
BILLIARD CHAMPIONSHIP.
BOSTON. Feb. 2H T. Henry Clark
son and Nathan Hall, both of E'oston,
were winners in the third day's play
in the national amateur Class A 18.2
balk line billiard championship tourna
ment today. Clarkson defeated Ed
ward Rein of Chicago, 400 to 316. in
sixty innings, and Hall won from
Eugene I- Milburn. of Sleraphis, Tenn.,
!0j to i'ly, in 41 innings.
. LADIES CAN WEAR SHOES
One tze smaller after n?ini AlknaFuutKfte,
the aiitL-Ctic i-owjrr fur the fit X. MuUt-n into
Hie phoi-n nd sprinkled In the fo-hi!hf A1lm
ttA Ivtw nmk n tti:'t or tnw fi-vi rac ;
pvpn ittttant n-ii f to cni sml btitittm. prvvrnts
liiiyttTs, Callou and Sviv sjnlj4. itio rei 4
comfort dtmtiL-ry at the cirt. Try it to-da.
8o!d evrr. htTt'v '.V. Kr FKKE tn;il peKktf,
PIMPLY? WELL, DOflT BE!
People Notice It. Drive Them Of
with Dr. Edwards'
Olive Tablets
A pimply face will not embarrass yoc
much longer if jou get a package ot Dr.
KdwarJs' Olive Tablets. The skir
should begin to clear after you hav
taken t!ic tablets a few nights.
Geanse the blood, the bowels and the
liver with Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets,
the successful substitute for calomel
there's never any sickness or pain after
taking them.
Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets do that
which calomel dots, and just as effec
tively, hut their action is gentle and
safe instead vf .severe and irritating.
No one who take;. Olive Tablets is
ever cursed with "a dark brown taste."
a had breath, a dull, listless, "no seed"
fcclimj. constipation, torpid liver, bad
disposition or pimplv face.
Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets are, a
purely vegetable compound mixed w'.'.h
live oil: you will k;iw them by their
ilive color.
Dr. E.'v.-t-v's jptnt years anions pa-i'-nts
-.filictcd with liver and bowel
- -'iir.ts. nnd Olive Tablets ere the
!'" . -c've r?stl;t.
';.!.-(- oce or two nightly fi.r a celc.
' "ui :i j .ttcr yen feci t: 1 look.
i T;c vr " '. .''1 ('-!" '-ts.
IF YOU DO SABE
A&R ART
ANYWAY
V Fodhd IT -? J
x&- feSU f$
Nor.22.C'
T. F. 8.
FRATcftNAi.
BROT.HEKt.003
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Monday
of each month at
7:30 at Odd Fel
lows' HalL VUt
ing members cordially invited
PHIL, DAVIS. PresidenL
MRS. C. E. F1XOTTI T-- i t r
Box 722, Tel. -06. Red
KATHEIUN SALIIOLM. Secreiai . .
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
Meets every Friday night. Moose Hal:
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
J. V. PETTEY. Dictator.
KAY ROSS. Secrets ry
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie. No. 175, F. O. E meet
8rst and third MONDAYS. 8. p. m-.
Eagles HaU. Visitors cordially wel
come. RICHARD DAVIS. President '
M. D. COHEN, Aerie Physician
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets In Medieovich
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month
Visiting brothers wel
M. C. BENTON. Councillor.
J. L. BENTON, Recording Secretary.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13411
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows HalL
R. L. MOTZ. ConsuL
H. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple. No. 3,meets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
listers are cordially invited.
ANNA HART, M. E. C.
JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. C
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 4G will
meet 1st and 3rd Wed
nesday v 7:bP, Brooby
Kail.
J. L. WINTERS. C C
O. B. THOMAS. Cert
All Woodmen invited.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first anj thirl
Thursdays at ?:"0 p ni
in Medigoviea H; 1'.. All
visiting Red Men invited
to attend.
JOHN KELi. Sarheui.
W. D. COHEN. Medicir." Max
F. C. FEN DLRSON. C. of H.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic H?il
Pearl Chapter. No. 6. mee's
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of eath
mouth at 7: SO p. m.
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS. W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box 841. Bisbee.
MRS JESSE BEVAN. Sec'y. P. O. Ds
2299, Chairman Relief Com. Piione 647
; KNIGHTS & LADIES OF SECURITY.
BISBEE COUNCIL, NO. 2115.
' Meets every Thursday at Union,
Ttlall, 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially Invited. C. A. Clem, Pres..
Box 1023 Bisbee.
Frederick J. Attaway. Sec. Lowell.
E. Linquist, financier, box 33246. Low
ell. KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbooe Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brother
cordially invited.
EARL SOBX.EY. C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM. K. of R. S.
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets in Medigovich Hall 2nd and
4th Fridays of each month.
HATTIE A. LUKE. Guardian.
PAl'LINE F. BROWN. Clerk.
P. O. Box 621.
My C A. VOIGHT
feci
w ieSl'-..
1 t
eight
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIKW, THURSDAY MORNING, MARCH 1, 1917.
QUARANTINE SIGNS GLD TIME PROSPECTOR
MUST BE LET ALONE TAKEN BY PNEUMONIA
I
Mexican Woman Is Fined for Bill Fowler, Resident of Co-
QtyBncfJi
"2
B .1
TDNir.HT
CURTAIN
NOT A. MOTION
First Big Road Show of the Season COHAN HARRIS Record
Breaking Comedy Success
"It Pays
A CYCLONE OF LAUCHTER AN AVALANCHE OF FUN
YOU'LL HOWL! YOU'LL SCREAM!! YOU'LL COLLAPSE! !
NOTE: This is Cohan &. Harris-' big City Show, enroute from the
Mascn Opera House, Los Angeles, to Broadway Theatre, Denver,
playing only a few one-night ctands. Let everybody boost.
A capacity house will mean more first-class attractions
for Bisbee.
YOU CANT GO WRONG ON THIS SHOW!
Seats on Sale at ORPHEUM BOX OFFICE
FRICES
ALTHEATR
House of Real Reel Features.
Continuous 1 to 10:30
DANIEL FROHMAN PRESENTS
' The Daughter
ofMacGregor"
The screen slory of a Scotch lassie who
couid fight her own battles With
VALENTINE
Admission
ff B t1 &irr a h
i. 17 r; ! . w ki
IS V 11 tM Wt IT! H F1 Fil
ONE DAY
MisuilViliu
u a 5
st n a u
Li K h e
ON MARCH 2ND, 1917.
REAL MINSTRELS ALL COLORED
Eight Years Continued Success Presenting the Latest
in. Singing, Dancing and Music. Big Double Show.
Street Parade and 'Concert by Rag-Time Band.
Admission, Lower Floor 50c, Balcony 35c, Gallery 25c
SEATS NOW ON SALE ORPHEUM BOX OFFICE.
ar Theatre
TODAY
EFISODES ONE AND TWO.
This wonderful drama was to have been featured Tuesday, but on ac
count of missing train connections has just arrived.
FEATURING CR ACE CUNARD AND FRANCIS FORD.
Ad
mission
TONIGHT
8:15.
PICTURE
: 50c to $2.00
GRANT
10 and 15 Cents.
'Yhnaft
E b
ONLY
OIUlMii
- - - 5c
Aflveriise
Mask
FROM NEW MEXICO.
William lank ins anil Frank Wright
arrived in ltisbee yesterday, having
motored over from New Mexico.
day IN DOUGLAS.
K. A TovM-u as a visitor in
las on business yesterday.
I i 1 1 1 1:
Ride on the American Stage Line,
ilisbee to Douglas. Phone 363.
Advertisement.
GOES TO HOSPITAL.
Mrs. Roger Dill, of Jiggcrville, wart
taken to the & A. hospital yester
day. She is seriously ill with pneu
monia. CLEARYS RETURN.
Mr. and Mrs. W. Is". Clearv returned :
to their heme here yesterd.iv morn
ing from a trip to California.
BARDON IS VISITOR.
Hill" Pardon, of Rodeo, was in P.is
bee yesterday paying bis respects to
'lis many friends here.
JUST WRIGHT SHOES
Complete line of these famous
shoes, just arrived. MiJ'ors Shirt &
Hat Shop. Adv. 309
MARRIED AT LOWELL.
George Domico, of Bisbee, and Miss
Ruby Johnson, of Lowell, were mar
"ied Tuesday night by Judge J. L.
Winters in - Lnrwell.
A car every hour, Bisbee to Doug
b. Good cars and careful drivers j
merie?n Stage Line. Phone 366.
NEW DIXON RESIDENCE.
P. W. Dixon of this city, will soon
have a fine new home in Warren. The
'ontract has been let and work was
started yesterday on the residence.
MISSION CIRCLE MEETING.
The Mission Circle of the Baptist
-hurch will meet this afternoon at
'wo o'clock at the parsonage of the
hurch. All ladies are invited.
rr Playfalr. Osteopath, 98 Mason
!1 Mason Hill car stop
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE
'rwin Studio, Main Street S57
Advertisement.
ADIES OF ELKDOM.
The ladies of Elkdom will hold a
?Mting at the home of Mrs. C. W.
Mien tonight. All members are re
vested to be present.
Just opened. Antlers Hotel, over
Oilman's jewelry store. Everythinr
throughout Kooms by day or
ee Advertisement 52
' NNIE EVANS HELD.
Annie Evans, colored, waS held to
wait the action of the federal grand
iry at the conclusion of her prelimi
"iry hearing before Vnited States
Commissioner Taylor yesterday. The
woman is charged with having smok
ed opium. She was arrested by Offic
ers Hice and Sheppard.
-3UARDSVAN MARRIED.
Hiram R. Wiggins, of Ray. and Miss
Lillian V. Shulte, of Wichita, Kan.,
ere married Tuesday evenine in Iiuj
-ity by Judge M. C. Hieh. Wiggins
is stationed with the Arizona troops
U Xaro.
Save money on sheet music. I sell
bout 331-3 percent below Los Angel
's prices. Wool worth and Kress
-tores nver go under my prices Buy
rrttsic till you see my prices. W.
i!ir, next Wells. Fargo.
Advert isei-.ent. 109
ONE LESS RABBIT.
Dr. Jon Twouey. editor of the
Twomey Twitterer. was host yester
lay to several friends at a rabbit Hm'
'iged in various prists of C c!nse
oi'nty. Dr. Twomey carried off hosi
ers u'.iring the afternoon, returning
Some with 150 empty she'ls and one
mbbit. An official account of the af
fair wi'l be published today in The
Twitterer.
Do you know that M. Cttrran, the
automobile painter, is back on the
'ob again. First class automobile,
-arriage and wagon painting. Old M.i
win Buildin?. Lowell.
Advertisement.
A. LEROY DIES.
A. Lenoy, a resident of Cochin
county for 20 years, died In Los An
eeles Saturday night and was buried
in that city. Mr. LeRoy first located
n Douglas, where he conducted a
men's clothing store. He later mov
ed to Bisbee and conducted similar
establishments on Main Street and
Brewery Gulc h. He became setiously
ill here about two months ago, and
left for lis Angeles, accompanied by
his son, Joseph.
NEW TRIAL DENIED. '
Jeff Spurlock and Joe Davis, con- j
victed in federal court at Tuct'jn of j
holding up the Golden State limited i
at Apache last summer, were yester
day morning denied a new trial by
Judge W. II. Sawtelle. They will
probably be sentenced this morning.
Kxpert repairing on fine watches
and Jewelry; diamond setting, engrav
ing and general repairing. Minton.
the postof fire jeweler. Lowell
Advertisement 343
NEO BEAUTY SHOP
N'eo-Plastique Massage, manicuring
a specialty. Your patronage solicit
ed ladles and gentlemen Mrc.
sie M. Sawyer, Room 16, Johnson Ho
tel. Advertisement. 15t
Tearing One Down Health
Crrkers Issue Warning.
That city and county health n!li- rs Pneumonia, last iiu'lit. took into its
are ilctei mined that all iurat!tine iufal gta.p om- of the oldest resi
luws must he rigorously obeyed was dints of the Watren District in the
again proven yesterday when Mrs. . erson of Bill I William T.) Fowler.
I Lorenzo V,. l.'.sada was lined $2f in
for tearing down a quarantine sien
placed ,n her home. Sentence was
suspended by Judge Winters only
when .Mrs. Losada proved that if she
were forced to pay the tine she would
be left destitute. She is n widow and
is w ork iii
dren.
ng to -support her three ehil-
Dr. i i tin t. county health "jlbccr,
stated last uiht that members of the
city mid county health departments
were keeping a close watch on all
liiarantiite sign, and that properly
owners would be prosecuted to the
full extent of the law if quarantine
! signs were molested.
LEAVES FOR PHOENIX.
Louis Pasko left last night on a
business trip to Phoenix.
WHEELER IN DOUGLAS.
Sheriff Harry Wheeler spent yester
day in the vicinity of Douglas looking
for the Mexican accused of murdering
an American near Bowie seeral day
ago.
BACK WITH PETITIONS.
Tom Fulghum, prominent Willeo?
resident, who is circulating petitions
urging the division V)f Cochise county
! was a visitor in Bisbee last night. Tli
1 division proposition has the endorse
! ment of the Warren District Co:nmer
!ial Club and the Douglas Chamber ol
'Commerce and Mines, and the peti
, lions already carry many signatures
PAUL IS "COMING BACK."
Dr. Paul Lorensen, manager of the
ISisbee Drug Company, is expected
back today or tomorrow from Los An
geles, where he went the early part
or the week to attend the funeral ol
his fiiend Joe Leroy's father, who
died there Sunday.
j REMOVAL NOTICE
! Antiseptic barber shop will open in
i its new location in the new Lyric
. Theatre building between March Is
; and 10th. Harry Hayes, prop. 742
, Advertisement
HIGH SCHOOL WINS.
The Bisbee. high school basketball
team last night defeated the Coppe
Queen Electric on the Y courts by a
score of 41 to 28. The line-up fol
lows :
High School McCrea, center: Wal
lace and Vasalia, forwards; Thomas
and Ralph, guards, pnd Campbell sti!
Electrics R. -Penton cen'er: S
Ponton end Legbau- forwards: Wi"
'i-"vs and Holmes, guards and Butlo:
sub.
CABARET DINNER DANCE
The first cabaret dinner dance eve
presented in Arizona is bing arrant
ed for members of the Warren Dis
trict Country Club pud will be staged
;:t the club house next Wednesday
evf ning. The best cabaret artists in
the southwest have been engaged for
tte event and Messrs. ISurgess ant1
Ruckwaiter, v.-ho are in charge of ar
ran?e -ents, are rontident that it will
prove the most enjoyable affair in the
history of the country club. .
U, S. MARINES LAND
AT GUANTANAMO TO
GUAPiD CUBAN SUGAR
; (By Review Leased Wire)
HAVANA. Cuba.. Feb. 2. A mes
sage from Masizanilla giving the story
of an eye witness of the battle for Bay
amo. Oriente province, between gov
eminent forces under Colonel Betan-
court and rebels attacking that city.
places the number of government
casualties at four dead and 14 w'juud
ed.
Although it became definitely known
here today that about 350 American
marines were landed yesterday at
Cuantanamo for the purpose of guard
ing sugar mills and other property
from possible damage, officials here
, would not discuss the situation. No
mention of the landing was made in
'allicial reports and not a single Havana
newspaper touched upon the subject
today.
CAN'T BEAT "TIZ"
WHEN FEET HURT
Tiz" for sore, tired, puffed-up
aching, calloused feet
or Corns.
You can be happy-footed in a mo
ment. I'se "Tiz"' and never suffer
with tender. r:iw. burning, blistered,
swol'en. tired. s-,ielly feet . "Tiz" a:id
only "Tiz" takes the pain and sore
ness out of coins, callouses and ben
ions. As soon ns you put your leet in a
"Tiz" bath, voir just feel the happi
ness soaking in. Mow good your poor
old feet feel. They want to dance for
joy. "Tiz" is grnnd. "Tiz" instantly
drews out pM the poisonous exuda
tions which puff up your feet fl'v'
muse sore, inflamed, aching, sweaty,
smelly feet.
(let n -."e nt box tif "Tlx" at any
drug store or department store. !et
ristr'rl foot relief Lail::h at foot s'lf
ferers who complain. IWause your
feet are never, never going to bother
or make you limp any more.
Advertisement.
chise County for 37 Years,
Died Last Night.
The old timer has been sick since
Sunday and died at his residence on
School Hill ahont 9::!0 last evening.
A native of Keniiuky and ixty
rifht years old, I'owUr cast his Lt
with the west when h was twenty
tight years oh), coining into Arizona
by the way of the northern transcon
tinental trail. His first residence in
lie stale was in Coconino roiinty.
Soon afterward he inoed into the
southern part of the state and has
becii a continuous resilient of South
eastern Arizona for the last thirty
seven years.
From the first he has been In the
-fining business, principally as a
prospector and miner. He saw the
starting of many ta rps and their fad
':ig from the horizon. With Bisbee i
he saw a ramp come from nothing to 1
the second place in the copper produc ,
ing world and numbered among his I
'riends the pioneers of this region of
Arizona. j
In his death the old timers and '
prospectors have lost one of their '
test friends and a character who was
"tue to the early-day ethics of straight j
"orwardness and honesty. He leaves j
considerable mining properly in the j
Huachuia mountains in which he has
lways had M'eat faith. ;
Surviving Mr. Fowler are three
laughters and one son. Mrs. Fowler ,
Med about sixteen years ago in Bis- j
ee. The funeral will be held this !
fternoon at 3:30 from the Methodist '
'lurch and interment will be made in
Evergreen cemetery.
AIR GUNS MUST GO,
SAYS CITY MARSHAL
City Marshal Jimmie Allison has 1
placed a bun on air rifles and any j
youngster caught using one in Bisbee j
will be arrested and his parents held
liable for any damage which he may i
have done with it. This action was i
jnnounced by Allison last night, after ,
he policy had rounded up several
boys yesterday who were amusing
::iemselves by shooting at street light
ilobes. Several of the globes were
broken before the young marksmen
.vere rounded up. Since Christmas
he air rifle menace has become more
erious each day.
"The police department does not
ant to be severe 'on the youngsters
of this city," said Allison last night.
. i leeU that it is best for all con
cerned that the little fellows not be
.rusied with air rifles. Not only are
.hey causing much damage in various
parts of the town, but there is too
.uuch danger attached to their use;
60 we have decided to put a stop to
it at "once, in order to prevent some
jf the boys front getting their eyes
. hot out. I hope parents of boys ow n
;ng air guns will help us in prevent- !
ing their sons from using them."
MEXICAN IS SHOT
BY DOUGLAS CO?
Patrolman James A. Howell yester
day afternoon shot Julian Fuentes
through the arm when the latter re
sisted arrest and attacked the officer.
The bullet inflicted a flesh wound,
which is not serious, but caused the
recalcitrant Mexican to give up. Fu
ntes and Manuel Hernandez wer
prowling around the alleys when How
ell accosted them. They abused the
officer and when he started to arrest
them they started for him, whereup
on Howell tired. When searched an
open, long-bladed knife was found in
each man's pocket. In police court
this morning Judge R. S. Maclay sen
tenced each of the offenders to 60
days in jail.
ANOTHER AMERICAN
LOST ON LACONIA
NEW YORK, Feb. 2S. William
Eva, who was lost when the steam
ship Laconia was torpedoed off the
Irish coast Sunday night, was an Am
erican citizen, according to an an
nouncement by the Cunard line offi
cials here tonight. He was "4 years
old and lived in California where he
was interested in mining property.
Me served in the Civil War as a mar
ine on the Union side, it was said.
Cntil today it had been supposed
that Mrs. Mary E. Hoy and her daugh
ter, Mis:; Elizabeth Hoy. of Chicago,
were the only victims among the l.a
conia's passengers who were Ameri
can citizens.
Eva, it developed, had sailed on an
emergency passport issued by tho
Iiriiish consul here and it had been
assumed that he was a British sub
ject. A cable message from the Liv
erpool off ice of the Cunard line inuuir
ing ns to whether he came fro n Cana
da was received here and officials
then learned for the first time that he
had come from Pig Pine, California.
It was disclosed that Eva had ap
plied for the emergency passport at
the Pritish consulate after an Ameri
can passport on which he had travel
ed to England a year ago had been
cancelled by the state department be
ause l.e was unable to furnish the
department willi a birth certificate.
Winn the Laionia sailed from here
Ea's name appeared on the pass n
uer list as from Montreal. He had ob
'nined the passport for the Holland
Anierican liner Hyndani, and when
9 ' I
a
New Spring Suits, Coats, Dresses
Millinery and Skirts are
Arriving Daily
Those clever creations entirely new each model re
flecting the very height of style, elegance and individ
uality. We cannot restrain our enthusiasm must make
you share the pleasure of seeing them. To us they
seem to be simply charming and we know that you will
be of this opinion when you review the many beautiful
new models. We will be glad to show you these new
creations, whether you plan purchasing or not.
SPRING SUITS AT $17.95 TO $57.50.
SFRING COATS AT $9.50 TO $47.50.
STREET AND AFTERNOON DRESSES $7.50 TO
$75.
NEW SWFATERS $5. TO $20.
NEW SPORT SKIRTS think of some of the pret
tiest, most attractive skirts you have ever seen that
will be one way and probably the best of describing
the attractiveness, materials and styles of these we're
writing about materials of silk Jersey, taffeta, velour.
Shantung, wool flannel and faille silk in large plaids,
stripes, printed figures and Persian stripes. Brilliant
colors in combinations. Priced at. . . .$12.50 to $27.50
gSfe. St:..
w
The Victrola brings the world's best music right into
the home The Victrola is all artists and all instruments
the greatest singers, the most famous instrumentalists,
the leading bands and orchestras, the foremost enter
tainers of every kind. Its superb music is as elevating
and inspiring as it is entertaining. To hear the greatest
artist interpret the great master-works of music is a
pleasure that any one might well desire. And you can
easily enjoy all this delightful music in your home if you
own a Victrola. (ask about oor easy payment plan.)
that vessel returned here after going
part of the way across the Atlantic,
he was transferred to the Laconia.
Officials or the Cunard line aaid they
had learned that Eva was bom in
England, but that he was brought to
THE HOUSE
BLUEBIRD PHOTOPLAYS, INC, PRESENT
The Screen's Greatest Mytery Play
"The Sign of
the Poppy"
INTRODUCING
ROBERT HENLEY AND GERTRUDE SELBY
A gripping story of vengeance filled with thrilling epi
sodes fraught with intense interest.
ITS A BLUEBIRD AND THATS ENOUGH
Continuous from One to Eleven P. M.
ADMISSION
; VICTROLAS PRICED AT
$15. AND UP.
this country by his parents when he
was four years old and that bis father
became a naturalized citizen before
the boy became of age. Eva was said
to be on his way to join his w ife, who
Is in Cornwall.
OF COMFORT.
10 AND 15 CENTS.
f" 1
t
t
Si
f
v.
f-.