MARKETS.
WEATHER.
Tuesday fair; warmer
east portion; Wednes
day fair.
NEW YORK CITY ,
Average Price of Cop
per for week ending
September 12, 25.83.
9mr J"in
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
J
VOL.20. No. 141.
THE ISISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 20, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
Ha
n in
441
Italians Making Heroic Stand
At Piave Line Against Invaders
EyeWitness Tells of Revolution
Huns Throwing Strong For
ces Against General Diaz's
Troops In Effort to Pierce
Eentente Line and Force
Westward Retreat
Teutons Have Captured Sev
era! Vantage Points and j
Compelled Defenders to
Evacuate , Fortified Posi
tions British and French
Reinforcements Have Not
Arrived " r
By Review Leased Wire.)
While the Italians are holding the
middle and lower reaches of the Piave
river successfully against the Teu
tonic Invaders and have thrown back
the. greater portion of those who
crossed the stream, the enemy is try
ing with forces to the north to beat
back the forces of General Diaz, pierce i lUB 'V 'a -"-
the .line and force a retirement west-! PPred positions on Monte Tom.,
ward from the region of Vidor to tbeiThe German storming troops and the
Adriatic sea " second Bosnia-Herzegovinla infantry
in thi, endeavor the Invaders havej tat tatinpitoned
,. , . . ,, -. , . themselves n this action. Eleven hun-
captured several important points of . . ,. , , . . .
. , .. ... , !dred Italians fell into our bands.
a ,1- v !
pelled the Htalfans under a heavy!
bombardment to evacuate their strong-j
ly fortified position on Monte Tomba,!
almost the last stronghold barring the
way to the northern edge of the Ve
netian plains. These captures are re
ported by the German war office, but
the admission bad been made pre
viously by Rome that the enemy was
. attacking in this region with heavy ef-
fectives. doubtless among them rein-;
forcements which it had been known
for everal weeks they were hurry-
trig southward. The Germans
itsvnced also the taking of 1100 pris-
oners during the fighting. ,
No Reinforcements Yet
Nothing as yet has been heard of !8UpPienJenUry statement tonight says: 1 died together or fled in one direction
the arrival of British and French re-. . .Tnere was violent fiRhting ln theor another as the firing marked the
inforcements to aid the Italians. N j mountains between the Brenta and j danger points, but a hundred or more
All the enemy forces which IastPiave rivers (Itanan front.)" ! stayed at their posts until 4 o'clock
wek crossed the river, Piave near, . , when the firing reached its heigh: and
Zenson have been swept clear of the, AUSTRIANS ARE MASKING I caused a panic. Twenty remained at
western bank in a brilliant attack byj FOR ANOTHER ATTACK their switchboards until the building
the Italians. Large numbers of themj HEADQUARTERS OF THE ITAL- was surrendered
met death along the eastern bank or
were drowned In their hurried attempt
to ford the stream. Others were bay-
onetted or forced to surrender, and It. enemy is again massing his forces on
was only a small portion of the-origi-i the north. Austrian prisoners taken
sal force that was able to make their: at Foilina and Fagaro say that von
way to safety. ! Below's forces, who were present four
Haig May Attack (days ago at Vidor, on the Piave river.
No infantry actions cf Importance now have been swung northward.
have taken place along the western'
front in Belgium and France, but ln-J between the Piave and Brenta rivers, i answer.
dlcations point to ano'Jier attack byj Some of the heaviest blows now are, "The boys became desperate.
Field Marshal Hcig in Flanders, and being struck there, and although the "'Why doesn't Kerensky come?"
possibly by General Petain's forcesj enemy forces in that territory have! they asked again and again,
near Verdun. ' On both sectors ex-; exceeded the Italians, heavy reserves! "Their stock of ammunition was di
tremely heavy bombardments are in ' are being added to them", and the pres-! minished. The red guard and sai.'jrs
progress. isure has been steadily increased since! were crowding the courtyard and the
No Peace Yet j Friday. ! firing had stopped. Everybody was
While the Bolshevikl elements In I It is not possible to state where the 1 paralyzed into inaction. Then Wil
Russia are threatening to make aj allied reinforcements are, but it can j liams came into the room with An
peace on their own terms and thence-, be stated that they are not on the tonoff.
forth remain neutral in the war. dis-j Piave nor In the fighting zone at the, i Cadets Surrender.
catches from Petrograd are to the ef-1 north, which now appears to be one "Taveriskh Antonoff, save our
feet that the German emperor has ; of the enemies' chief lines of ap
made it known that he will negotiate! proach.
for peace enly with the successor to It is felt that the allied reinforce-
the imperial Russian government or'
with the Russian constituent assem-J
bly.
GERMANS CLAIM VICTORY
BERLIN. Nov. 19. The German of
ficial report from the Italian front
says:
"In prepared and naturally strong brought from the Russian front. They
positions the Italians sought to dis-, give strange accounts of what is hap
pute every foot of ground. They threw pening along the Russian front and
freshly brought up forces against our j assert that Russian resistance is glv
advanclng troops, but. were not equaling place to easy living and feasting.
Consul General Restricts
Issuance of Passports
(By Review .Leased Wire.)
' EL PASO, Nov. 19. Warned that
Villa sympathizers were crossing the
border for the purpose of sowing dis
sension among the people of Juarez,
Consul General Sequin today restrict
ed the issuance of passports to per
sons known or vouched for as adher
ents of the existing government
Hitherto any Mexican citizen who ap-
plied has been granted a passport and !
several hundred have been issued dur
ing the past few days. .
Juarez remained quiet today with
patrol from the garrison scouting the
nearhv hills and arroyos. General Jose
Carlos Murgula, in command, today i
announced that Guadalupe, reported
ATTEMPT IS MADE
TO WRECK STEAMER
MANITOWOC, Vis Nov. 19.
Federal agents are investigating
the attempt to wreck the steamer
War Castle which is under con
struction at the yards of the Man
iton'JC Shipbuilding company.
While the ship's engines were
being tested today some one cut
one of the ropes that held the ship
io the dock. If the other rope had
parted the steamer would have
run into a railroad bridge : and
probably been totally wrecked.
Two men are under suaveillance
but no arrests have been made.
to ' the unconquerable offensive
strength of our infantry.
"Step by step, fighting stubbornly,
the enemy yielded. In particularly!
desperate encounters in Quero and
Monte Cornelle, extending to the
northwest, were taken by storm and
"On the lower Piave the artillery
duel l time8 increased t0 &reat vio-
lence.
AUSTRIANS ADMIT ITALIANS
caused Tn tm to Ktiintj300 operators plugging in calls while
LONDON, Nov. 19. The Austrian
official communication of Saturday,
as received here today by wireless,
says:
"ft-i t Vi a Inu-op PlavA Italian frnntl
reconnoItering detacnments on the
; western bank of the stream had to
ha iv'thilMvii Kofnro cf T-nri v fnnnf pp
attacks."
'
VIOLENT FIGHTING REPORTED.
BERLIN, via London. Nov. 19. The
j IAN ARMY IN NORTHERN ITALY.
Sunday, Nov. 18. p p. m. Having felt
I the Italian steel along the Piave,' the
probably back of Asiago, on the front
ment could render incalculable serv
ice at this juncture 4n furnishing re
serve to meet this concentration no
the north and the correspondent is
authorized that this would be consid
ered most timely now.
Austrian prisoners say that fresh
enemy divisions have recently been
captured by Martin Lopez, is still ln
the hands of the federals. The pres
ence of Villa bands within a short
distance of Juarez was admitted, but
General Murguia professed the utmost
confidence in his ability to cope with
any situation that might arise.
In South EI Paso, populated almost
entirely by Mexicans, pro-Villa senti
ment was evidenced by shouts of
"Viya Villa," heard at frequent In-
tervals during the night.
Artillery moved through the resi
dence district of El Paso and caused
some little excitement, in view of the
intense situation across the Hue. It
wa explained, however, that the
movement was merely a part of the i
regular' training of the troops.
News Writer Gives First De
tail Report of Street Fight
ing During the Bolesheviki
Revolution In Petrograd
Delayed Cablegram Tells of
- the Cadets Trying to Hold
Telephone Booth Against
Sailors and Red Guards
Cry for Kerensky
(By Review Leased Wire.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19. Details
of fighting in the streets of Peirograd
incident to the Bolesheviki revolution
were printed today by the San Francis-
! c'j Bulletin in aspec!al cablegram from
its staff correspondent, mentioned in
first dispatches as being one ot two
Americans who took shel.er in the tel
ephone exchange around which the
fighting centered.
The Bulletin's cablegram was dated
November 13th, and was delayed in
transmission. In part it said:
"I was in the telephone building
Sunday while a squad of sixty military
cadets tried to hold it against Boleshe
viki sailors and red guards. In :he
Norway, talking to the cadets was an
American socialist. Albert Rhys Will
I ianis, who pulled me into the shelter
of the entrance. Up stairs we found
I rifles cracked outside the windows.
Cadets Attacked.
"At 2 o'clock the sailors attacked the
cadets in the streets. Boys trained
in this business of war had built bar
ricades of boxes and boards across the
sidewalks. Some bid behind motor
tu-rcks, resting their guns upon the en
gines, some lay fiat in the mud, and
others fired from underneath trucks.
"The girl opera :ors had. deep circles
under their eyes; their faces were pale
ani their hands trembling. They hud
Suggest Peace.
"In a room on the second floor was
Antonoff, head of the Bolesheviki war
ministry, and some other prisoners, ln
the middel of the afternoon the cadets
zxied to start a peace parley, offering
l surrender Antonoff if allowed free
dom for themselves.
' e will take Antonoff from you i
and kill every last one of you.' was the
lives,' pleaded the cadet. Terms of
surrender were quickly arranged and
Antonoff and Williams went down to
face the red guard. Maddened by the
I'jss of their own men, these were eag
er to go up stairs.
" 'I have given my word of honor as
a revolutionist that the boys shall not
be killed, and as revolutionists, you
must keep that word,' said Antonoff.
'I will myself shoot the first man who
harms 'one of the cadets. I wouid
rather we all die than that this Ameri
can should say that the revolutionists
of Russia were base and revengeful.'
As the first cadet filed down stairs
Antonoff took his hand and turning to
the sailors, said: '
Girls Not Molested.
" 'This is number one and I trust
his life in your hands. Guard it, for
it honors the revolution.'
"As the last cadet passed a sailor
said: 'There goes the last of the trash,'
but be was quickly hurried away by
his comrades.
"The girls In the telephone exchange
slipped out quietly and were not mo
lested." Fierce Fighting
Continues on the
Piave River Fron t
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19. The des
perate character of the fighting be
tween the Italians and the Austr.i-
Germans on the Piave river Is em
(Continued on Pajte Two)
hum n
TO
AVERT STRIKE
President Given Fiye Hand
In Wage Matter Railroads
Ready to Turn Over Roads
In Event of Crisis No!
Trouble Expected j
(By Review Leased Wire.)
u-ASuivr.Tnv 'm iQPr.dni
Wilson today was given a free hand
j by tlT railroads in his effort to avert ,
j a strike for higher wages by enei-1
neers, conductors, trainmen and brake-
men, with whose representatives he '
will confer here Thursday. i
Formal announcement by the rail-!
roadcrs' war board that the railroads '
were ready, should any crisis arise, to J
place tneir interests nnreserveaiy in
the hands or the president tor sucft
disposition as he may determine is
necessary in the public Interest, was
expected to clear iway misunderstand-1
w- - " -
attitude ofthe roads, which had
caused the unions to refuse to arbi-J
trate the dispute.
Crisi Believed Past j
Possibility of a stoppage In the
steady flow of commerce, thereby !
paralyzing the nation's war prepara- j
tion3, was believed by officials to havej
passed. They expected that an agree-
ment to
leave the wage question to
an impartial tribunal would result
from Thursday's conference and al
ready suggestions for means to fore
stall any further agitation concemfn;?
wages and conditions of work during
the war which at the same time would
protect the workers in maintaining
their standards of life in the midst
oi war prices, are unaer consiuerauou.
ftngianu s example pi allowing me
board of rade f) insulate wages at.
intervals of several months and at
the same time adjust rates to protect
the rrilroads is being given careful
study.
Some form of continuing arbitm-,
tion. it is believed, will result from
the president's conference.
The railroads have indicated that
they may ask for some form of con
trol of wages "and rates similar to
that in effect to regulate coal waes
and prices.
Increased Wages Necessary
Brotherhood officials have disclosed
a seiious situation in their discus
sions with Judge William L. Cham
bers, chairman of the United States
board of mediation and conciliation,
who has been President Wilson's rep
resenlative in preliminary conferences
with both sides. They said increased
wages are necessary to maintain ths
operating personnel of the roads
against the inducements of higher
wages paid in other industries which
have government contracts. Recruit
ing oi railroad regiments for service
in France, enlistment in the army and
the operation of the draft law also
have aided in depleting the numbci
of highly trained railroad men.
RAILROAD RATE
CASE HEARING
IS COMPLETED
Attorney Testifies Railroads
. Will Demand Another In
crease Even Though This
One Is Granted Lumber
Dealers and Cattle Raisers
Object to Increases
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 19. Argu
ments in the eastern railroads 15 per
cent advance rate case before the
interstate commerce commission clos-
AUTHORITY
cd today with a statement or counsel i cessful ; the prime minister's admirers
for the roads'that even ir thia increase can a triumph.
is granted they soon will ask for an-j xne attack was locused upon two
other advance of approximately 13 per I points the character 'of the war coun
cent ln class and commodity rates and.cil which the premier announced in
10 per cent on coal and coke. Paris and the condmenation of the al-
"What is the intention of the rail- j lies' past strategy which he pronounc
roads?" asked Commissioner Me-1 ed in his Paris speech. ,
Chord, "to make the sky the limit?" Asquith Criticises.
"As cost increases rates must go up!' Ex-Preniter Asquith was spokesman
if we are to proceed on a sound basis. ' for the opposition. His speech was
nnswemi John S. Patterson of coun
sel for the railroads.
With both sides agreed that the rail-
(Continued on Page Two)
Alien Enemies Must Register
So Department Of Justice
Mag Keep Track of Them
ALL AMERICANS
SAFE !N RUSSIA
nnunni nrnnrvro
I Hj7j!I Kfir J IK g Y
UUliUUL SlLl Uti I U
'
!
i Conditions Quiet But Chaotic;
:
Many Government Depart
ments Closed Bolesheviki
Will Be Overthrown, Is
Predicted
(uy Keview Leased v ire.)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 19. Messages
i froIU
Ambassador Francis at PetTO -
grad, and Consul General Summers at!
Moscow, dated last Friday and Satur-;
riav find rpcptvpd tmlav nf the utata
((.partmpnt, said all American, Hi thej
principal KusHian cities were ,safe.
Con(jiHons in lii places were rep -
resentPU as quieer but sti Phaotl(!
Ambassador Francis reported that
he had obtained transportation from
petrosrad to Harbin over the trans-!
Siberian railroad for Americans who
wished to depart from the capital He
had recommended that all unattached
women and men accompanied by wo-l
men and children leave. Officials!
have estimated that there were about
200 Americans In Petrograd. J
t American at Hotel - j
No suggestion was made of moving .
the Americans from Moscow, nl-l
though the fighting In that city an-
peared to have been more general and
Eflnvnlnarv thnn that In Pa! rAcrio,l i
ring the fiercest
tlinar manv Americans
I in the Hotel Metronole
I " "
Ambassador Francis' disnatch said
I.i .1 j i j . 1
(recognized the Lenine-Trotzky faction
and that many of the government de-
parttnents were cIosed- while othrs
were operating under subordinate of-
fiMalu A four Rnloah evibi nflU'iina.
., , ,..,.
pers were appearing at intervals with'
frequent changes of names, and banks, I
were open part of. the time. Dis
patches from the state department
vara haffinjlinff tn msnh fr PVanfla
... . , , . j . w''ed In opposition. The garment work-
the first one being dated November) . K "
9, and containing the American-Jap
anese agreement regarding China.
Conditions Improved
Conditions in Moscow, Consul Gen
eral Summers' dispatch under date
of November 17 said, had somewhat
improved after a week of fighting.
The Maximalists had taken over the
government. ,
Officials at the Russian embassy
said -today they had received no late
news, but that the mention in press
dispatches of the name of Captain
Pavloff. a social democrat workmen's
leader as being at the head of the SpinJRfieidi I1s.t and the suppression ! th'Jrity probably uill be designated to
troop opposing the Bolesheviki was,of foreK language newspapers, but'recelve Periodical reports from alien
encouraging as indicating that one i, president Gompers gave them full ! enemies and to issue permits for
the' strongest factions of the oppofi- I travel.
tion had gone over to the moderates.
Predict Failure
The prediction was made that the
I Bolesheviki would be overthrown by
a military victory or fall by internal
dissension, owing to the evident in
capacity of the radical leaders to ob
tain the reforms embodied in their
program.
LLOYD GEORGE
DEFENDS HIS
II
I
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON, Nov. 19. Pwuiier Lloyd
George defended himself in the house
of commons this afternoon against the
first attack his administration has fac
ed, and so far as the commons is cou
cerne,i ng defense seemed highly sue-
not in the tone of an at lack but a sharp
criticism of the new plan for allied '
control of the war and a vindication ot
(Continued on Tage Two)
ADMINISTRATION
BISBEE OVERSUBSCRIBES
TO Y. M. C A. FUND.
.
' Bisbee has 'oversubscribed to
. the Y. M. C. A. War Work fund
! by more than f.1.000. This was
the gratifying news learned last
m
ight when final returns showed
there had been over $8,200 sub-
scribed by the people of this dis-
trlct
of the amount subscribed a
! lge Portion was raised by the i
boys department of the V It was
boys' department
stated last nigh: that the boys of
this district had secured more
than $686 for the fund. A large
part of this subscription was rais-
ed by the ten card system.
Two large subscriptions were
received yesterday. One fjr
$2,500 from the Phelps Dodge in-
! terest. and $500 was received
: frm the Standard nil rnmnanv
1 Those in charee of the cam-
pajsn are wen pleased with the
showing that the people of this
i. n nn.i .v...
suredThat he lZ s K
i
!
' ,
;
'
who will profit by this fund will
many , times thank the people of
the Warren District for their as
sistance. TjffhOy A nnVfiUPt
.JJJ I KJKJXO
flgrrrfio9 JJrwwt 4-s
ytyto A Cltf I IU
Assist the Nation
(By Review Leased Wire.) j
BUFFALO, N. Y., Nov. 19. Union;
labor put its stamp of approval on i
the attitude of Samuel Gompers, presi-
;
of the street bat-dent ot the Anlerk'n Federation of elevator, storage house, railroad terr-i-fis
were gathered ! Labor' in workinS band in hand with nal. or other establishment which the
, i resident Wilson and placing the
n a ef V a ,u (in ll .kn.
roroiuden to travel on me ocean.
i considerations m questions involving
i the rklnpnan'i part
in a vigorous
prosecution of
the war against Ger -
j many.
The vote of confidence came af'er
more than three hours of debate, in
which the pacifist element at the thir-
., , ...
j ty-seventh annual convention of the'
federation was given ample opportut-
i ity to express itself. Out of a total i
j of 450 delegates only 15 were record-
ers of New York was the only organ-
lizatioj refusing to go on record on immediately, but the registration and
i the roll call. licensing lVr traveling will not be put
1 Opposition Debates into full effect for a few days. In
The test of strength came on a reso- j administering the new regulations. "the
lution endorsing "the patriotic work' j department of justice will abide by the
of th3 Alliance for Labor and Demo- j government established policy of an
cracy, which Mr. Gompers took an ac-' noying law abiding Germans as little
tive part in organizing as an offset as possible and the full pressure of
to the People's Council, a pacifist or- i the restrictions will be imposed only
ganization. j on Germans suspec.ed of having evil
Th opposition discussed the high
pn.t ,ivini, ,h. .-:, ',,
8triks the Pacific coast 8h,pbuUders
tih, th r!,ii..v triVo .
The supporters of the resolution did
not mince words in condemning the
attitude of the pacifists.
Printer Talks
"When President Wilson declared
war.' said Max S. Hayes of the Typo-1
graphical union, "our duty was plain
and that was to stand up and fight
this war. no matter how long it takes.
We are making economic history more
rapidiy than we realize. When such
a man as Lloyd-George says that the
world cannot revert to old conditions,
he states a great truth. It is realized
now that the old individualistic Idea
of capitalism does not work out in
war."
Mr. Hays predicted government con
trol of industries, the mines and rail
roads as the only solution to the eco
nomic questions to be met at the
close of the war.
Gompers States Position
President Gompers closed the
(Continued on Page Five.
Six-Cent Piece
flf D Tr, cttnrl
SAN FANCISCO, Nov. 19. The gov
ernment has been asked to issue a six
cent piece for use after the expected
general raise of street car fares from
five to six cents, according tt state-
ments made to the State Railroad Com-
mission by streetcar officials here,
i These officials told the commission
lne B1 ,Bre ,B u,,um lu vu" "
uu " ' vvj
costs, and that 137 cities in the I nited
States bad already petitioned for such I .
increase, I
! Department . of Justice Will
Round Up All Germans
Believed to Have Directed
Sabotage Against Govern
ment i
;flew Regulations Apply to All
j l o
, Teutons In United States
and Foreign Possessions Po
lice Will Probably Handle
Local End
(By Review Leased Wit.)
WASHINTON. Nov. 19 Drastic reg
ulations to enable government agen.s
to eep the thousnads Kt Gern ann in
the United States under constant sur-
veillance and curb the treasonable ac
tivities of a few, wiir be promulgated
, in several days br Attorney t.eni'ral
' Gregory to make effoc..v- the pnwLt-
I n.ation issued today by President Wil-
son imposing restrictions on fre move
ment of alien enen'ies. By means of
! the new regulations, the department rif
i just'.ce expects to be rbl to round u
j a number of German ho ere believ
ed to have directed the organized
, campaigns of sabotage and propagan
' da to embarrass the United States in
I the war.
Under the proclamation unnaturalii
; ed male Germans above the age of 14
j are required to register with the police
' or some tnher authorities to be desig
nated by the attorney general. In ad
J dition they must report periodically to
j some officials if the attorney gen.r-'
1 so orders. Tney may not travel in
the United States without a permit ai.d
may not approach within 100 vards of
' any wharf, pier, dock, warehouse, shtd.
attorney general may designate. Trey
t - .... . . . .
ereat lakes nr anv river or Wdrwav.
either on public vessels or in thei- own
. private boats. They mar not enter
or reside in the District ri Columbia
cr the Panama canal zone an! are nrit
permitted to make aerial a. iris m il
loons or airplane.
Only Germans Affected.
The new order applies to Germans
Philippines, Porto Rico. Alaska and
other possessions or territories, but
does not affect subjects of Austria.
Turkey and Bulgaria. It is effective
designs against the l nited states.
Expect Compliance.
The registration probably will be
made by local police. The same au-
Germans without evil intent, offlc-
i comp.y wuunsiy ua
' the terms r the new restrictions in the
: knowledge that similar restrictions are
! in,Pose(1 on lien "nilea by other
warrinR nat Tnos wno disobey.
"' w
buiiliuu. iiiiuitruiuieiv aim tue guvem-
nient will exercise its privilege of lu
terning for the war any who fail to
voluntarily comply.
Women Exempt.
German women are not subject to
the regulations inasmuch as a lieu en
emies were defined by the espionage
act as "natives, citizens, denizens or
subjects of the hostile nation or fc'ov
eroment. being males of the age of 14
years or upward."
John Lord O'Bryan, special assistant
to the attorney general for war work
will have charge of the enforcement of
the new rules.
A number of recent fires and explo
sions have been a.tributed to the Vrk
of alien enemies. Under the provision
for the 100 yard restricted njie. agents
may arrest any who are found on
docks, piers or warehouses.
Water Travel.
ne ot tn n,ost important features
the president's proclamation, in the
i opinion of department of justice offic
ials. Is the forbidding of water travel
to enemies. Much of the damage to
docks and piers is known to have been
done by German agents traveling in
motor boats. In addition. German
waiters or stewards on ocean steam
ships either in trans-Atlantic or Coast
wise traffic are suspected of having
I carried messages
which eventually
reacnea uermany.
The closing of the District of Co
( Continued on Pace Twa) TWO
The bisbee daily review, Tuesday morning, November 20, 1917.
.444 eft L I
if : - ff'
40 IjotvIs for every Scot in
Scotland. The cost-$l,ooo,ooo
200,000,000 bowls or
thereabouts of Scotch oats
for. a single $1,000,000.
That way to spend $1,000,
000 would please the
Scotch. As much perhaps
as the way we spend $1,000,
000 to'"sureify" the flavor
of your OWL Cigar pleases
you Americans.
The Owl, you know, is that
fragrant cigar whose fragrance
is pledged by a $1,000,000 leaf
reserve. That mellow cigar
whose mellowness is guaran
teed by a constantly curing
stock of selected leaf worth,
always at the very least $ 1 ,000,
000. The Owl Cigar whose
leaf must cure many long
months before it is pronounced
"ready" in OWL fragrance.
. Remember these things,
please, when you buy your
fragrant Owls. ' They are re
sponsible for Owl's smoke
pleasure. If we could be there when
you do buy. your next Owls,
we would join our Thank you
to the Thank you of the man
behind the counter.
a
9
O
o
o
0
Pi
0:
S
0
THE
MILLION
DOLLAR
CIGAR
' Your friend
in the trenches
or the turrets will
find OWLS dependable.
Showing exact size of
the fragrant,
'Branded for
your protection
M. A. GUNST Branch
of General Cigar Company, Inc. ' i,
Railroad' Case
Is Completed
(Continued From Page One.)
ASK CONGRESS TO
REPEAL POSTAL LAW.
. (By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK, Nor. 19. Congress!
was csked to repeal the section of -the
war tax law increasing, rates on j
second-class mail matter in resolu-j
tions adopted at a meeting here today ;
of the Representatives' club, an or-;
ganization of publishers. The rates.
-hfs.Y. w r An Intj-t nPf att nnrt Till." t
as "destructive of one of the greatest
educational and industrial factors in
the- country. i
"With the throttling of the maga-j
tines by this law," the resolutions!
continue, "the industrial benefits of
the manufacturing interests, through
the advertising and selling opportuni-!
ties, will also be disastrously affect
ed" ' 1
DENVER OVERSUBSCRIBES
DENVER, Nov. 19. Denver over
scribed its quota for the war work
funds of the Y. M. C: A, and the Y.
W. C. A- and the war camp recrea
tion fund by more than $7000, it was
announced at tbe close of the week's
drive today. The total announced . was
$187,129.58.
were characterized in the resolution' REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS j
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULT
Be A head of the Weather
We have all learned the wisdom of being
prepared, because we were found unpre
pared. We are now doing emergency
shipbuilding and emergency training and '
. emergency munition-making. Of course,
nobody knew that war was ahead. But
we do know that 'Winter is ahead. Will
any of us do emergency overcoat buying?
i There's Only One
Answer: Buy It Now!
The more Coats other people buy now
the less there will be to choose from later.
And there is not the same opportunity to
replenish stocks nowadays that we had in
normal tirrtes. ,
Come Here and Select
f U if
Carrie Ul 13 it
Tb Uotum . Lupon- inter
A Kuppenheimer Overcoat
Buy it with the assurance that its styl els absolutely correct and there are many
styles here to choose from. You can be absolutely certain, too, that you cannot find
better values anywhere than the KUPPENHEIMER affords, and we really don't
believe you can find as good.
Prices From $18.50 to $35.00
Be Ahead of the Weather! Come In Now and Look
59
V;
I
I
' THE KUPPENHEIMER STORE IN BISBEE'
roads' income had Increased, the chief
point of contention was whether the
additional revenue had offset the In
creased cost of operation. Mr. Patter
son, the only attorney speaking for
the roads, said the last advance had
failed by about $120,000,000 to cover
the increased expenses of the thirty
eight systems. Counsel for the ship
pers maintained that by tbe use of the
additional revenues and surplus the
railroads would not be In worse condi
tion than other businesses, and under
such circumstances they should not
expect to impose additional burden on
the shippers. Mr. Patterson replied
that the railroads had no desire to
make money out of the war, but that
they recognized industry had a great
burden to bear and believed that it
should be divided rather than placed
in one branch of business.
Clifford Thorne, leading counsel for
the shippers, said an increase in
freight rates Is essentially a tax. and
that "this is no time for an organized
set of business men to ask the Amer
ican people to increase their burden.
Additional demands of the railrods, he
continued, are almost keeping pace1
with the government In "adding bur
dens to the people." Mr. Thorne con
tended that the surplus of the east
ern railroads and their operating rev
enues this year were ample to main,
tain them on a sound basis, pay a
reasonable dividend and preserve their
Attacked
Higher rates were attacked by lum
ber Interests through J. V. Norman,
representing the Southern Hardwood
Traffic association, and L. C. Boyle,
representing the . National Lumber
Manufacturers' association. S. H. Cow
an, for tbe National Livestock Ship
pers' Protective association, also ar
gued for retention of present rates.
If the commission believed the ad
vance essential to tbe country, as a
war measure, Mr. Boyle said, the lum
bermen would accept it without hesi
tation, but both he and Mr. Norman'
contended that the plan proposed for
the increases would disturb -rate rela
tionships, because it affects through
rates and would make necessary re
arrangements of business built largely
around advantages of freight rates.
Cattle Conditions Chaotic
Mr. Cowan said conditions in the
cattle, industry were chaotic because
of drought and feed costs, and that
the raisers could 111 afford the ad
vance. He added that he talked tj
members of the senate regarding a
possible government loan to the rail
roads, if necessary, so that rates
might not be further disturbed. 'The
plea of the roads that their credit
was being impaired by lack of reve
nue was attacked by Mr. Norman, who
declared that he did not believe credit
entered into the subject. Railroad
witnesses had testified, be said, that
they would not borrow in competition
with the government and he expressed
the belief that the government should
lend money to the railroads at 4 per
cent, providing for its return as soon
after the war as possible.
"Certainly there shou'd be some re
lief, but it cannot come from increased
rates." Mr. Norman said, "but if they
are granted let them come as a war
measure with elimination at the close
of hostilities."
the authorities fixed in such regula
tions." WILL BAR GERMANS
Germans will be barred from em
ployment on all vessels on the ocean
or the Great Lakes, and even from
traveling on private motorboats of
their own, under 'the following provis
ions:
"An alien shall not, except on pub
lic ferries, be found on any ocean, bay,
river, or other waters within three
miles of the shore line of the United
States or its territorial possessions
x x x or any of the waters of the
Great Lakes, their connecting waters
and harbors."
The section forbidding alien ene
mies to approach shipping centers is
as follows:
"An alien enemy shall not approach
or be found within 100 yards of any
canal, wharf, pier or dock used direct
ly by. or by means of lighters by any
vessel or vessels of over 500 tons
gross engaged 'in foreign or domestic
trade other than fishing, nor within
100 yards of any warehouse shed, ele
vator, railroad terminal or other ter
minal, storage or transfer facility ad
jacent to or operated in connection
with any such wharf, pier or ock."
Lloyd George
Defends His
Administration
(Continued From Page One.)
Alien Enemies
Must Register
(Continued From Page One.)
lumbia to Germans was urged by gov.
eminent agents a one means of les
sening the traffic in valuable war mtor-
mat ion which is believed to have its
I most important center in the capitol.
The lew scores of un naturalized Ger
mans living in Washington will be fore-
ed fo move out immediately.
i The restrictions were imposed on
free travel In the following Bection :
"An alien enemy shall not change his
place of abode or occupation or other
; wise travel or move from place to
I place without full compliance with
! any' such regulations as the attorney
general of the United States may from
i time to time make and declare; and
! the attorney general is hereby autaor-
ized to make and declare from time ,
j time such regulations concerning the
j movements of ahen enwnies as he may
j deem necessary in the premises and
for the purpose of safety; and to pro
vide in such regulations for monthly,
'weekly or other periodical report o.
i alien enemies to federal, state or local
authorities; and all alien enemies shall
report at the times and places and to
FORTY YEARS' SUCCESS
For a business to be successful lot
forty years means great deal.
Among other things, it means remark
able excellence in the products it sells.
N'j inferior ariiold can be sold on a
large scale for so many years; and it
muBt not only be good at tbe "jutset,
but so good that the progress of forty
years shall not develop any better ar
ticle to supercede it.
.So women can, with confidence, de
pend up'on that old, tried and tested
remedy for woman's ailments. Lydia
E. i'liikliatu's Vegetable Compoimnd,
still as popular as eve r, though It was
plured on the market before the cen
tcuulal yesr. lsTti. Adv.
his own government. It was keyed
in a much milder strain than the out
burst from the newspapers and sec
tions of the liberal and conservative
parties which gree:ed the premier on
his return home.
The Welsh leader's reply was a
characteristic fighting speech of the
type which has made him famous.
There was no thought cf retraction for
anything he had said or tone, no hint
of an apologetic strain which some ex
pected. There were some passages
which would have made old school par
liamentarians, steeped in Gladstonian
traditions of saitely courtesy wince,
as when he said the attacks made him
feels is fe he were crossing the chan
nel in a storm on a small destroyer.
But Mr. Lloyd-George always brings
Something of the touch of the stump
speaker into the commons and this
gives him a stronger appeal to the
greater audience ou-side.
House Crowded.
Hheentire cabinet sat beside him on
the front bench and a packed silent
house of commoners, peers and others
fortunate enough to obtain gallery
seats bent forward fOr every word. The
man whose mantle he had assumed
faced him across a space of a few
feet with a gilded mace between them.
Atlhough they addressed each o:her
deferntially "as my honorable friend"
sentences passed, which to th6se who
knew recent history seem meant to
stab. Mr. Asquilh's criticism was
based on two grounds, that the new
war council would conflict with the
general staff and there would be t'j
separate military advisory bodies, and
the omission of the navy from mem
bership. He also questioned how such
a council could have averted the
course of events in Serbia, Rumania,
Russia and Italy and whether the Paris
speech did not mean that the sacrifices
of the British army had been largely
misdirected or in tain.
Will Co-Operate.
The premier argued that the new
body would co-ordinate the work of the
various staffs, whereas under the old
arrangement the general staffs had
met together only once a year for the
purpose of settling the strategy of the
allies for battle fronts extending over
thousands of miles. He announced
that Lord Kitchener had recommended
such a council in January, 1915, and
that the general staff had proposed it
in July of this year.
Defied Critics. i
speech was a defiance of the critic
isms. What he said at Paris he had
said deliberately, to arouse public
opinion and he had done it
The premier's speech closed In an op
:imistic strain concerning the pros
pects of victory. He now had n'J fear
of the meance of submarines, five of
which "pests of the sea" had been de
stroyed on Saturday.
WAGE CONTEST
. IS ACCEPTED .
BYCOALMINERS
Fuel Administrator Is Notified
That Operators and Miners
Have Agreed on Scale
WASHINGTON. Nov. 19. FueliAd
ministrator Garfield was notified to
day of the final acceptance of a satis
factory -wage contract penalty clause
by both operators and miners in the
Kansas,- Arkansas and Missouri coal
fields.
Acceptance of the penalty clause in
the southwest extends its provisions
to virtually all the -ouatry's bitumin
ous coal fields.
"Through the efforts of the fuel ad
ministration," said Mr. Garfield, "all
danger of any considerable halt in the
production of bituminous coal through
labor difficulties has been eliminated.
The fuel administration Is satisfied
that the patriotic co-operation of both
mine workers and operators, so thor
oughly exemplified in the general ac
ceptance of the penalty clause agree
ment, can be depended cn to increase
the bituminous coal production all
along the line."
The penalty clause is designed to
prevent by a system of fines the shut
ting down of mines either by strikes
or lockouts.
I ' J. B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
Italians Slaking
Heroic Stand
i
(Continued From Page One)
phasized in an official cable dispatch '
received here from Rome.
"Yesterday morning," says the dis-!
patch, "Austrian troops attacked ouri
positions near Pontedipiave after an'
intense artillery fire. The positions
were defended by the 54th infantry j
division composed of the Novara. bri
gade and the Third Bersaglieri 'ri-,
gade. Overcome by ilie effect yf:
asphyxiating gases, our soldiers at tne
beginning gave way to the advancing'
enemy, but later in a dashing counter
attack our troops succeeded In push-l
Ing the Austrians back to the riverj
after a most furious hand-to-hand en-'
gagement.
Epic Battles
"Units of Bersaglierl also are fight-:
ing epic battles between Fagaro and;
San Bartolomeo, where every ravine.
every hole, every obstacle is desper
ately contested between the enemy
and the defenders and becomes- the
center of the most sanguinary en
counters. An entire division of Aus
trians is participating in the battle,;
which is still raging.
I Austrian Withdraw i
"The Austrians have been compelled
to withdraw to the river edge, where
they are stubbornly lighting with the
river behind them and with little hope
of receiving assistance in their diffi
cult situation. j
"In this sector alone our soldiers:
have'eaptured more than 500 prison-i
ers with 22 officers and considerable (
war material, including many machine
guns, which were immediately turned
against the enemy."
Have You
Noticed -
That There Are More '
of Our Signs on New
Houses All the Time?
WHY!
Because they figured -'
with US. Insist that
your contractor figure
with US before you let
your job.
You can buy no better
material or for ' less
money anywhere.
Gibson -Hines
Lumber Co.
J.W.F SmiUuHgr. FlioncSS '
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse &. Office Opposite Depot
. PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
Many Pineapples
Being Sent to
Fighting Front
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 19. There
Is a thin constantly moving line of
pineapples somewhat broken of
course, stretching from the heart of
tbe Hawaiian islands to the fighting
front in France, shipping men here de
clare. The line will he maintained
until Hawaiia's bumper crop of pine
apples has been disposed 'of.
The line is made up of a string of
boats bringing the pineapples here,
couutless freight trains conveying them
across the country, another string of
boats taking them across the subma
rine studded Atlantic, and lines of
trains, and motor conveyences rushing
tbem to the front.
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
Red Cross Sends
25 Automobiles
to Italian Front
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PARIS, Nov. 19. An ambulance sec
tion of twenty-five cars was started for
Italy today by the American Red Cross.
One train of twenty-four cars loaded
with hospital supplies and cloth!&g has
already crossed the Italian frontier and j
a train of twenty-one cars loaded witu
rood will leave within a few days. j
Major Grayson M. P. Murphy, the i
European commissioner for the Red j
Cross, will remain ia Italy until the
American Red Cross work there is j
thoroughly organized. Other Red.
Cross officials who are already In It
aly or on their way there include Earn-,
est P. Bickncll, director general or ci-1
vilian relief of the American 'organiza
tion, who handled tbe Red Cross relief ,
work after the Messina earthquake.
Telephone 448
A Phone Call Will Bring Us.
LOS ANGELES JUNK SHOP
Highest Cash Prices Paid For
Metals. Rubber, Rags, Sacks, Bottles, -
Bones, Iron, Hides, Pelts, etc.
HOROWITZ BROTHERS, Proprietors
Lowell, Arixona.
BRITISH COMMANDER DIES
(By Review Leased Wire.)
LONDON. Nov. 19.-(Pn. Maude.
British commander in Mesopotamia
died yesterday.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS '
fWHEH SERVED
WARMTHEY
1 ARE THE BEST
winter Foods
-Ji raoM
PostToasties
GUARD YOUR
HEALTH!
Use Pasteurized Cream and Milk
'At Your Grocers.
The Pure Milk Depot,
Johnson Bldg, Main SL -
WaTKINS & BERGQU1ST
Jewelers and Opticians
I nw CATARRH
fMif& BLADDER;:
tach Cw " ; THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 20, 1917.
THREE
table. Get a Perfection J S f
Smokeless Oil Heater. It -SjC TT"
starts right in spreading 1 ffi I Wl
warmth the minute you strike IfcSt'I f3
a match. I. TtSt
Costs little to buy and to ,fv" KIJ-?
use f 'Svffk
Good-looking, safe and in- J jTjML t'J
expensive. JgjgjjJjjjBjffjnJf
Come in at anytime and let
os tell too more about it.
r ! i 'i
MINES OF ARIZONA JAP SHIPYARDS
ARE NOW GETTING DOING GREATEST
BACK IN ACTION BUSINESS EVER
"When Dr. Ricketts left here a fevr
days ago for the east he stopped over
Friday night In Douglas and the Inter
national of Saturday has the follow
ing to say regarding his visit there:
nn. i r r o o nac a piipst at
. ' .'" "... . . ! launched at the six principal yards,
the Gadsden hotel la?t night and left, v J
this morning for a hurried trip east,
where he -will attend to business in
TOKIO. That Japanese shipyards
are doing an increasingly big business
is shown by the fact that, during the
first nine months of 1917, 48 merchant
ships with a total of 208,000 tons were
JULIO RIOS KILLED
IN DRUNKEN FIGHT
The coroner's jury before Judge
High yesterday afternoon were no
more able le oliiain any light on the
killing of Julio Itioa at a late hour on
Saturday night than were the officers
who arrived on the scene soon after
the killing occurred. They rendered
a verdict that the deceased came to
his death from the effects of a wound
in the head made by some instrument
in the hands of parties unknown. The
wound in the head looks as though it
was made with a pick or a large file.
The instrument entered the head just
above the left ear.
According to the testimony that was
adduced, there had been, a dance in
progress in Zacatecas at the Cinco de
Mayo pool hall, and a large camp fire
was burning outside. A quarrel arose
and several shots were fired and soon
afterward Riog was found dead, and
it was supposed that he had been
sriot, but such was not the case. A
.32-caliber sixshooter was found in the
possession of Jesus Alverez, and who
stated that the gun had been pawned
to him some time ago by Rios. There
was one empty shell in this gun.
There were several Mexicans outside
that had seen the fight, but none of
them were able to give the slightest
information as to who had struct
Rios.
Rios had the reputation' of being a
bad "hombre" and had served one or
two terms in the penitentiary, the last
one for robbery at Douglas, but he
was paroled by former Governor
Hunt before he served his time out.
He leaves a wife and three small chil
dren besides his father, mother and
several brothers. The remains will be
buried today from the Hennessy un
dertaking parlors.
Chicago and New York. During the
past week the doctor has been in
specting the properties of the Calumet
These figures do not include craft of
less than 1.000 tons.
The Japan Steamship company (Nip
pon Yusen Kaisiia), nas placed con
tracts with the Yokohama Dock com
Mutt and Jeff
In Vaudeville
ARIZONA ARTILLERY
RAINBOW REGIMENT
It is not the Intention of the gov-;
eminent to move any ivore of the Ari-I
zona troops in the. national army to
California. j
Information to this effect is con-,
tained in a letter received by Gov
ernor Campbell from Mtj. Gen. Leon
ard Wood. The general stated also
! that before long the Arizona regiment ,
lat Camp Funston will lose its identity!
as a regiment of Arizona men.
The regiment is known as the
340th field artillery of the national
army. Col. E. H. Yule, command
ing, gives out the personnncl of the
regiment as being made up of 1126
men from Arizona. 224 from Nebraska,
57 from Kansas and 56 from South
men in the regiment come from 14
oiher states in the Union. '
In a letter to Governor Campbell
Colonel Yule has the following to say
about the regiment:
"I would have desired to have the.
the entire regiment composed of!
men from Arizona, and I suspect that
the state of Arizona would have de
sired the same thing, but it appears
that as quickly as these drafts are
made it is the intention of the war
department that all men ' will lose
their identity so fp.r as states arc
concerned. Statistics of the entire
division are being compiled, and men
ore being arbitrarily assigned ad
cording to vocation', as needed in
different departments: or, in other
words, the apparent intention is that
all lines of demarkation will be ob
literated except division; that is.
every man will be placed in the di
vision where he will be able to ren
der the most valuable service to the
government.
"However, this regiment is still
practically an Arizona regiment, as I
understand these sent to Linda Vista
v. ill be used to fill the national guard."
If:
, ,s
r ', I . V- Ki
WATER
HE A TING
"fc vv : .
AT
i7 II
i
BY
GAS
& Arizona and New Cornelia and also! f constTuction Df two shiDs
the International smelter In the Globe-j yearly for ten consecutive ytfars. Eacn
Miami district 'He is devoting a Prt vessei i3 to De 6,000 tons and the to
ot his time now, during the absence, am0unt provided for all the con
of Captain Greenway, to directing the: gtructlcn is more than 84,000,000 yen.
pperation of the C. & A. interests In This figure has been necessitated by
this state, including theJ 'New Cor4
sella. '
"ppeeking of the mining Industry in
Arizona this morning just . before
boardirfr. the Golden Sta'e .Limited,
the. expanding trade of the company
and the demand made upon its man'
agement by the shareholders that its
capital be largely increased in order
to operate on lines now practically
Asked to Help
Tuberculosis
Ricketts said that he thought the pro- abandoned bv other maritime powers
ducing enterprises would now be able Among the projected routes are those
to . maintain an average output, as connecting Australia with the Pacific:
comparel with last year until the end'eoast of America, and Bombay with i
of the war, but aside from one or two Liverpool via South Africa. (
properties under development in th On the other side of the accoun'
state loo far advanced to lay aside! stand twenty Japanese vessels destroy-;
now he did not expect any important: ed by German submarines. They as-i
development while the country is gregate 8C.975 tons. I
fighting in the world war which, hei I
said, no one could now uee the end of..'
"He referred to the fact that thpre is v JjQOnl ieOT)le'
already a serious shortage of labor "
and that labor would be scarcer as!
more men are called into the army!
and other features o? the war prosecu- '
tlon. Again, he said that the great'
manufacturing plants are gradually:
being incorporated into the govern-! And now the time of the Red Cross
ment service and piices for machinery Christmas seal approaches. The War
have advanced to a point which arejren district, having done its part by
very discouraging to those who might j the Liberty loan, the Y. M. C. A. war
want to build a new smelter or mining fund drive and the French orphans,
mill. He referred to one recent de- must buckle in and help fight a worse
mand for machinery by one. of his fnemy than shot and shell and the
companies that ordinarily would have Prussian ruthlessness tuberculosis,
cost about 40,000. When quotations The Red Cross Christmas seal of
arrived it was found that the lowest green and red and gold is the good
price quoted was $110,000. i germ that is sent forth by the million
"Dr. Ricketts is now looking to be in ' every year to fight the evil germ of
good health and has fully recovered' the white plaeue.
from bis long illness which began last! Mrs. E. E. Ellinwood has charge of
March and kept him in the hands of the sale of the seal in this district
physicians nntil last August. He and will start the campaign the; last
was taken ill with a severe attack of the week. The seals will be placed
of pleurisy which required a major cn sale at public places at once." Pro
operation, with the result that to al-lceeds from their-sale are used only
low the wound to heal properly it was, to fight tuberculosis. This plague.
necessary for him to' carry a tube In menacing In time of peace, is thrice
his side for more than three months.l deadly in time of war. Now is the
He returned from New York as soon! time to educa'e soldiers how to avoid
as possible after the operation and' t and to cure those in the first stages
was at Warren for five or six weeks I Many hundreds of thousands of sol
recuperating. Idiers In the great war have been sent
'The doctor Is now residing at Santa I home from the trenches wounded not
Barbara, Cal.. but expects to visit' by bullets, but by tuberculosis, and
Arizona and the C. & A. properties j the number of consumptives among
about once a month until the return ; 'he workprs and children at home has
Mutt and Jeff heads the amateur
vaudeville program, which has become
so popular and is a regular weekly
event, on Tuesday night at the Royal
theatre.
While Manager Norcross will not
guarantee the act to be composed of
the original artists, he will guarantee
them to be exact replicas of the fa
mous pair who have for several sea
sons headed, the great "Mutt and
Jeff" show during its successful tours
of the count-?.
While this Is considered by the
mrp.aeenierit to be the "headline" at
trition, t?-crc are several other acts
c' e-'uled to appear tonight which are
'-; c to prove entertaining, as they
'fie been rehearsing their parts dili
"f ntly for the past week, and will no
doubt acquit themselves in regular
professional style.
pf Captain Greenway, who is now
France as a major of engineers."
in multiplied. Thouseads of Americans
i examined this? year for the army have
I been found to be unsuspected cases of
tuberculosis.
War and religion are responsible for
the loss of mind of Joseph Morrison,
i!ii3 Jcseph Wilson, an old time pros
pector of Phoenix. Morrison was com
mitted to the state hospital yesterday
after an examination by the c'Junty
health officers. The prospector is well
known to old timers in the valley hav
ing been located one-half mile west of
the Black Canyon road on the Arizona
canal for a long term of years.
AUSTRIAXS WIELD
A NEW BARBARITY
. n
FIGHT POSTPONED
(By Review Leased Wire.)
MINNEAPOLIS. Minn.. Nov. 19. ; ATTORNEY WILL SPEAK AT
The ten-round bout between "Gun- BUSINESS MEN'S BANQUET
boat" Smith and Fred Fulton, sched
uled for tomorrow nleht, was post-j Cleon T. Knapp will be the speaker
poned today until next Monday night, of ,he evening at the Business Men's
because of Smith's illness iu New j Progressive association banquet to be
York. jheld at the Country club next Salur-
day night. This eloquent attorney si-
Rev. Norman Curtis, a Presbyterian J ways makes a worth-while address,
missionary who has been ftatloned for, The commit te in charge of the menu
sVme time at Mescalero, New Mexico, land music nromlse the best the dis
in charge of the Apache Indiana, ,'trict can offer.
passed through Willcox Friday on hls; This bnnnuet is a get-toeether af
way to Casa Grande, where he will fir of the business men of the corn
reside in the future. ; miinity, and every Warren district
i mn who has the town's bst Interest
The administration is considering nn at heart, in both a business and so
order making it a serious offense for;Cli way, ousht to be there. Tickets
any enemy alien to be found in an for the banquet are on sale by C. W.
American seaport, and plans to ship, Ruth, the White smokehouse and the
all enemy aliens 100 miles Inland. jC. S. Wilson dye works.
Co.
:9
3
The Austrian mace.
The cruelty of the Austrians is
shown in the new mace they are
using in the rare instances where
they are victorious over the Italians
and are able to rush over a battle
field killinp the wounded with one
blow on the head. The mace con
sists of a pear-shaped head of solid
steel mounted on a long spiral
spring: and will fracture a head cov
ered with a steel helmet
Will Dance for
French Orphans
Sale of tickets for the French or
phans' dance to be held at the Coun
try club next Thursday night is pro
ceeding most satisfactorily. This af
fair promises, to be i most enojyable
occasion. Every one will be there.
To gain pleasure and at the same
time help in a most worthy cause
during time of war is the worth-while
thing right now. All work and no
play is not good for us but it is well to
take our duty rather seriously just
now.
So the French orphans' dance i
both a social event and a patriotic
gathering. The tickets are 50 cents
and worth every cent of it whether
you dance or noL
Carriers Contest
To Close In
One More Day
One njore day, and then we will
know who is the ..luckiest and the
happiest and the hardest working boy
In the Review's Carrier Contest; In
other words, we will know who won
the $50 prize. When all is said and
done, it is not the money itself that
marks the winner; it is all that the
prize stands for patience and perse
verance, courage to face refusal and
rebuff, stick-totitiveness, and ability
o "keep on smiling."
Three advances have been made
since Saturday's publication of votes.
Hubert Detloff has done some more
excellent work and added 4500 votes
tohis total; Herbert Perry has been
making up for lost time and has made
a gain of 750 votes; Kenneth Mort
shows an Increase of 750).
Tomorrow night .at 9 o'clock the
contest closes; so If you have not sub
scribed, or know some one who has
Just come to town and has not yet
subscribed, just let one of the Review
crarriers know about it. In this way
you can help a boy win one of the
six major prizes.
The process of, heating water for domestic purposes has been rev
olutionized in (he past few years through the introduction and
perfection of gas fired water heaters, until today it is no longer a
a problem to secure an abundance of hot water quickly and econo
mically, in any dwelling, large or smaLL
Today, in the countless thousands of homes where gas fired water heaters are in
stalled, an abundance of hot water is available for any purpose. By some types of heat
ers the water is heated instantly at the turn of a faucet, by others, within a few min
utes after lighting the heaters, and all without labor, inconvenience or discomfort, rod
at a reasonable cost for gas.
LET US SHOW YOU
, War's little irregularities a fat wo
man complaining of meatless days and
the man with a diamond ring kicking
at war taxes.
HAVE COLOR IN CHEEKS
Be Better LookingTake
Olive Tablets
If your skin is yellow complexion pallid
tongue coated appetite poor you have
a bad taste in your mouth a lazy, no-good
feeling you should take Olive Tablets.
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets a substitute
for calomel were prepared by Dr.Edwards
after 17 years of study with his patients.
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets are a purely
vegetable compound mixed with olive oil.
You will know them by their olive color.
To have a dear, pink skin, bright eyes,
no pimples, a feeling of buoyancy like
childhood days you must get at the cause.
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets act on the
liver and bowels like calomel yet have
no dangerous after effects.
They start the tile and overcome consti
pation. That's why millions of boxes are
old annually at 10c and 25c per box. A II
druggists. Take one or two nightly an
note the pleasing results.
1
Bisbee Improvement Co.
WHEN BRAIN WEARY.
Take Horsford's Acid Phosphate
and relieve the headache due to men
tal strain .worry or over-work. Non
alcoholic. Buy a bottle. Adv.
LADIES CAN WEAR SHOES
OiM ize inuUler after using Allen'i Foot-Ease, !
the antineptic powder for tue fi-el Shaken into i
the short and eprinklcd In the foot-bath, Alton a '
Foot-Eim makra ti'lit or m-w ihoi tl eai"T ; '
jivea inatant relief to come and bunions, prevents '
Blisters, (.'allons and Sore Spots. It's the greatest
comfort discovery of the ae. Try it o-((. .
told everywhere, i'-c. F r Fit EE tn.il patkae,
Addieea, Alien S. Olmsted, Le livy, V V.
Deafness Cannot Be Cured
by local applications, as they cannot reach '
the diseased portion of tne ear. There is
only one way to cure deafness, and that la
by .onltutional remedies. Deafnesj Is
csnsed h.y an Inflamed condition of the mu
cous Itninjr of the Eustachian Tube. When .
this tubs -ts-ftti,S you hav a rumbling I
sound or imperfect hearing;, and when it'ls
entirely closed. Deafness Is the result, and j
unless the inflammation can be taken out '.
and this tube restored to Its normal condi
tion, hearing will be destroyed forever; nine
cases out of ten ire esused by Catarrh,
which la nothing but an Inflamed condition
r the mucous surfaeea
We will give One Hundred Dollars for any
case of Deafness (raused by catarrh) that
cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Curs.
Send tcr circulars, free.
T. i. CHENEV CO.. Toledo. Ohio.
. Fold by nrtiKKlets. 75r.
i Take Hall Family Pills for constipation.
ALL ABOARD!
for good boards, beams, timbers
find lumber of any kind. This
is the place where such things
are bought by builders who
know their business. Give us
your next order and you'll
know why. The difference in
the quantity of lumber needed
and the time and money thus
caved will amaze you.
Bisbee Lumber Company, im
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE 25.
SUITS
MADE
TO
ORDER
Remember, these suits
are made from genuine
$25 materials.
Every thread guaran
teed Strictly All Wool
with a satisfactory fit or
vour money back.
WE WAKE A SPECIALTY OF
LADIES' ALTERATIONS.
D. H. Evans
BREWERY GULCH
Opposite Uncle Jim's
rsss
OF FIRE BURNING
OR BURGLARS
Stealing your private papers and valuables when you
shut the home for the summer.
There's Absolute Safety for both when protected
by our modern vaults
Private safes rent for $500 and up yearly.
Think this over then see.
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street.
Will E. McKee, President
' Bisbee, Arizona.
C. A. McDonald, Cashier.
Closing Out Odds and Ends
IN
Men's Suits
$12 to $15 Values Now
$6.95
CARQ&CO. 20 Brewery Gulch
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything! at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month. $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
EYE NERVE GLASSES .
Study and much re
search work sines
18a2, is the cause of
my successful practice j
in c is Dee. ur. rt.
Glaze, Neutrologlst,
ttoom J, Maze Bldg., Phone, Office
166, Residence, Black 420.
CHICHESTER S PILtS
,-V'-N yr 'crim.x .
S VxA kl-ftrrs llaa4 UrdA
LJ&?K Mil. la i: J ...! tii U im4iliAy
V TV. l-,f. mini viia HI e Pit -n. V
Z7i sv) '' r.ny ef r ir V
f ' - nr lrw. A.v wciii.-ifVi-Tr w
if
You Can Cet 5,000 to 10,000 Mort K3is
out of them by using Gates Half-Sole Tires.
W will put them on (or you and change your old tires
into new ones at about one-half the price you .would
have to pay (or new tires.
Your tire comes into our plant, worn and scarred
.from service, and we deliver it back to you the same
tire made oversize and with a brand-new non-skid
tread of fresh rubber. Not a. square inch of your old
tire will be in sight, am! you will not be able to tell It.
from a new tire. "
Arc absolutely f uaranircd lor 3.500 mils of wrar srlthovt a
paocturs and manv usera ars avcrif ,nf from 1000 to 1O.0U) mika.
You cannot get this kind o guaranteed Mrvic from any tlnronth
inarkef without paying, two or thra that the tost of 1 Gates
Half-Sola Tira. y "
LET US SHOW YOU
Don't throw away anotnrr worn tin until yoa hav lavrstlftated
fh '.ate Hall Sole. It you arc paym. the tire NIK you will be la-
uri.irj ana wei.t ready to know you how to er In your own
rx kct a b-H pan of the cost of new tim and get better tintscrvlcc
"n you nave ever had before w guarartee IL
LOVVLLL MOTOR CO.
LTTB I
MAMOftD l:iAM flLL. h fit.
Haniaoajii Be!, Sis. A twty RehatxW
-r SOLDBVCRLOGIJISEV'FKYnHtRf
MEM
1
i FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 20, 1917.
Puplished Every Day Except Monday By the
Stale Consolidated Publishing Company
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
ose for republication of all news dispatches credited to
. it or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
AQ rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Business Office Phone No. 39.'
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Cirtarad as Second Class Mall Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
i
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTE : I .76
THREE MONTHS 3.26
EC MONTHS. 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS .' '-60
SUNDAY1 (Our Weekly) per rear.. 2.50
"TJNTMY (Oar Weekly) per quarter 76
, Ne Subscription Taken For Less Than 78 Cents.
PHONE NO. 39.
Review subscrloers not receiving a copy, of The BIsbfc
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will set one promptly by
Special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will con
sider It a favor if the Irregularity of delivery Is reported
to the Circulation Department. .The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Tuesday Morning, November 20, 1917.
THAT EXTRA CENT .
There's a war tax on pretty near everything now,
and this tax is on the raw product or on merchandise
in bulk., The result is that the extra charge on the retail
article, if based strictly on the war tax, is in most cases
one cent A five-cent article should sell for eix cents to
let the consumer absorb the war tax. But instead it sells
for ten. A ten-cent article should sell for eleven or
twelve cents; but the charge is fifteen. And the con
sumer pays the extra freight.
The government has issued three-cent stamps to cover
the new tax. Why not issue a "six-cent piece, and l
twelve and one-half-cent piece? Such a coinage would
save hundreds of thousands of dollars for the common
plug citizen during the war.
All the way down the line, and in every phase ol
buying and selling nowadays, the war is blamed for the
added cost of everything that the householder has to
buy. If linen is increased in cost three cents per yard
because of war conditions the price of collars is raised
from two for twenty-five cents to fifteen and twenty
cents apiece, and a yard of linen will make several
collars. If there is war tax of a cent on a box of cigar
ettes the price is raised five cents on the box. If the
war makes leather worth twenty-five cents more per
pound the price of shoes is advanced two dollars on
the pair.
The American merchant bases nearly all his prices
on the five-cent system. Five, ten, fifteen and twenty
and on up by the same steps goes the stairway jof his
prices, and his customers have become so used to this
scale that they never ohject to the five-cent jump.
An increase is always a five-cent jump at the least,
never a one-cent increase.
But the cost of living has reached a point where the
pennies count. The increases cover everything under
the' sun that pilgrims must eat, drink, wear or use. The
average citizen will pay the just and necessary increase
without a murmur. But no one wants to pay four cents
more for a small article, just to be Industrious.
It is said there is a scarcity of pennies already be
cause of the general increase of prices. A six-cent piece
will cover the war tax on most articles that formerly
retailed at five cents, and the twelve and one-half-cent
piece will cover most of the former buying power of
the dime.
A penny saved on every purchase and on every hand
will mean a difference on the right side of the ledger
at the end of one of these hard war months.
trace their path to the training camp and then follow
them to the front, the war would become far more vivid
than it is today. ; And v ividness is needed when people
are being asked to subscribe to war funds and buy Lib
erty bonds.
An autocracy may be able to fight without letting its
people know what is going on. A democratic government
needs to take the people into its confidence to the fullest
extent Failure to do so is a wet blanket on interest.
. ENEMY PACIFISM
When President Wilson eaid of the pacifists, "My
heart is with them, but my mind has a contempt for
them ; I want peace, but I know how to get it, and they
do not," he might have added another statement pow
erful in fact and logic. .
49
There are few pacifists here or elsewhere today, says
the New York World, who are not more concerned over
what may happen to Germany than about anything else
involved in the war or in the peace to come. If we
may believe the kaiser, he is the chief of all pacifists.
He abhors the war which he began and he has no pur
pose today but peace.
Pacifism Is Prnssianism at bay. Pacifism is a con
fession that a monstrous conspiracy has failed for (he
moment and cannot be renewed until the world has been
lulled once more into a sense of security. What pacifism
asks Is a German peace, and, consciously or unconsci
ously, every American pacifist is demanding that very
thing.
"ABSURD SECRECY"
Lord Northcliffe says the war is conducted with
"absurd secrecy" in Englb'rd. So it is in America. And
the Kansas City Star, in all good faith, would like to
ask Uiese questions:
Why say "Somewhere In France?" Why not
tell where our troops are when the Germans, hav
ing captured some of them, certainly know?
Why not tell at what port our troops are land
ing? The Germans know.
Why not tell the location of our training camp
in France? The Germans know.
Why give out such an absurdity as that the
American mission from Russia has landed "at a
Pacific port?"
Why not permit the publication of more detail)
about our troops in France? A German secret
service which has advance information of ?very
important French drive is going to have ll the
essential information about American troops in
France.
These questions are not put in any captious spirit.
Nobody has the faintest notion of printing information of
value to the enemy. But there is grave danger that the
policy of concealment w.ll make the war seem a remote
and far off thing. People need the thrill of intimato
detail if they are to give proper support to the govern
ment If every faniily could get down the geography at night
and look up on the map where the soldiers are landing.
English newspapers and the public are panning Lloyd-
George because he agreed to an allied war board witu
powers of co-ordination. They ought to praise him. If
there is anything the allies need it Is concerted action.
Never since the war began have they struck together.
'Every big drive has been independent of the other. And
the German staff smiles a saturnine smile and moves its
troops from point to point as they are needed to repel
these spasmodic attacks. If at any time during the war
Russia and France and Italy and England had struck
together with their full force they might well have
broken through somewhere in the long battle lines. With
sickening monotony the attacks come one at a time, and
Germany, moving within a circle, sends her troops ami
equipment over a wonderful network of railroads to
stand In force where they are needed most.
Lenine, the head of the rabble now In power if.
Petrograd, is said to be a member of the L. W." W.
He acts like it for he Is playing right into the hands
of Kaiser Wllhelm. But some day, when the afore
mentioned kaiser is no longer fighting for his throne
against odds, he will have all the I. W. W. in his domain
either flogged beyond the borders or imprisoned for life.
Bisbee had her first raw and disagreeable day, of
the winter yesterday. ,lt came after fifty 'perfect days
in a shining row. November is a notoriously bad month
up north, but down here in Arizona the "bleak Novem
ber days" of which the poet sang in mournful strain
are few and far between.
Bacon, the beloved, is about to vanish from the
memory of man. How will the rummy old world was
on without it? There is no fragrance like that of frying
bacon when it is in the kettle, when it curleth up into
seductive slices that make a man think there is nothing
to equal it under the sun.
Atlantic Constitution: On the one bide a king and
another king's -eon, and on the other a king and twe
emperors watched the fighting In Italy Monday. It is
hardly necessary to express a presumption that they
stood at a safe distance.
Potatoes are a staple food. The crop of the present
year throughout the country is enormous. There is not
the actual scarcity that existed in 1916 to justify a high
price. The United States food administration ought to
look into the matter.
Kerensky couldn't come back. He must have had
some mighty poor fighting men back of him to be beaten
by that crowd of orators who were afraid to fight tii
Germans.
If things go all right, it is possible the kaiser and
German crown prince will be traveling as the chief at
tractions in an "Uncle Tom's Cabin" company in this
country next season.
As we understand the situation the Italian govern
ment wants some assistance more tangible and filling
than hot air. They have become weary of a daily menu
of wind pudding.
Something wrong in this country when men holding
what are universally condemned as treasonable ideas
are permitted to hold office. It could be done nowhere
else In the world.
"Gaza has fallen," say a dispatch from overseas. It
was at Gaza that Samson pulled down the pillars of the
house, "one with Ms right ha-nd and the other with his
left"
It is evident that the Hon. Elihu Root and his party
left Russia altogether too soon.
Another Liberty Loaii is coming. Might as well pre
pare to go down in your jeans.
Rippling Rhymes
(By WALT MASON.)
CERMAN PEACE
For peace that's made in Germany
the allies do not care; it would be
cheap and verniiny. not warranted to
wear. .The peace the kaisers ponaer
ing. and planning with a gun. would
surely fade in laundering, the colors
all would run. The war! The world
is hating it, but peace would be more
punk, with Germany dictating it, and
handing out the bunk. The allies art,
much wiser dumb, and wielding sword
and creese, than arguing with kaiser-
dom about the terms of peace. When
peace again is giv,en us, and people
know repose, and war's red dog, that's
driven us, back to its kennel goes
that peace must be no platitude, rio
phrases neatly turned, of wide and
yielding latitude, to be ignored or
spurned. No paper written gaudily.
whose terms may be withstood, no
fabric woven shoddily, or "something
just as good." When gentle peace has
come again, it must have come to
stay; no king shall make things bum
again by starting up a fray. The peace
that comes from Germany would last
till Kaiser Bill should once again de
termine he was strong enough to kill.
The Kaiser may yet eat bis Thanksgiving in Petrograii.
ARIZONA CHAPTER
URGES THE WORK
OF PRISONERS
The Arizona Chapter of the Ameri
can Mining Congress in urging the
employment of city and county pris
oners on the roads of the state as
auxiliary forces to state prison labor,
points to the fact that, Cochise county
supervisors and County Engineer J.
C. Ryan have, during the last two
years employed county prisoners at
considerably less cost than free laboi
would have entailed. There has been
the added advantages that the free la
bor which otherwise would have been
employed has been enabled to engage
at work of productive importance and
higher pay in the mines. The cost of
its prison labor to Cochise county in
October, an average month, was $1.63
the day per man, exclusive of idle days
by reason of sickness and all other
cuases. Including idle days the cost
was brought to $2.20. This covers ev
ery item of expense connected with
operation of the county prison road
camp and work, foremen, tools, trans
portation, guards, foods, medical at
tendance and all else. The least
wage considered by free labor is $3.59
the day. Taxpayers in counJes which
do not work their pr?g oners on the
roa:l3 are out the difference in' the
cost of the labor, food and keep with
which they provide prisoners in their
jails. The Arizona Chapter organiza
tion is urging that greater efi'jrt is now
advisable to put the main roads in Ibe
state in first class condition.- Particu
larly for heavy truck traffic which war
emergencies may make vitally neces
sary at any time. This is emphasized
in recent federal announcement that
railroad transportation of freight Is to
be assisted by the organization of mo
tor truck auxiliary service. The Arizo
na Chapter has proposed that the t'Jun
ty engineers and supervisors and the
state engineer co-opera ie with city,
county and state prisoners to place
two highways, one through the north
and the other through the south, from
New Mexico to California, under pris
On road camps until thoroughly effici
ent traffic routes are established.
VAT ISS DER MATTER, GOTT!
7
0HO STAT
State and County News Briefs
Brief State Notes
On his plea of guilty of stealing
four mules from the Tucson - Farms
company A. J. McCuistron was sen
tenced in the superior court at Tuc
son to serve from four to five years
in the penitentiary.
NATURAL BRIDGE
FOUND NEAR TUCSON
Alfred A. Tripel and Jim Westfai!
are preparing for the reception of vis
itors at the great Rincon cavern, four
miles from Vail. The great cave has
never been thoroughly explored. This
exploration will be Jone possibly with
the help of a number of university stu
dents and a complete survey will be
made of the varAus chambers. Indi
ans tell us that there's a second outlet
in the Catalina mountains, possibly in
the Marble Peak cave.
Another scenic asset of this locality
has just been discovered by A. W.
Roberts of Tucson,-and J. W. Farris,
editor of the Daily News, Joliet, 111. It
is a natural bridge in Brown's canyon,
at the fcAt of the Baba ulvari peak,
reached from here by the Ajo and Sas
abe roads, wi'.hin a three hour drive
from this city. The bridge has a span
of 135 feet, a width of 30 feet and a
maximum height of about 20 feet, with
a perfectly smooth top.
NIGHT PATROL FIGHTS
WITH THE AMERICAN. ARMY IX
FRANCE. Nov. 19. (By the Associated
Press). Night patrolling continues
active and contact with the enemy's
patrols has been established several
times, shots being exchanged. The
Germans have sent over more gas
shellH. but they caused no damage.
General Pershing expressed himsclt
as satisfied with his troops' efficiency,
discipline and adaptability to the new
conditions. During his trip the gen
eral visited the Rraves of the men
who were killed in a trench raid recently.
The Pima county exhibit of miner-'
als won the first prize for quality of
ore. In state-wide competition, at the
state fair. The selection for the lion-,
ors narrowed down to fourteen com
petitions and of these Pima county
was judged to have the best showing.
i
II. J. Schweppe, formerly a resident
of Tempe, according to the Wall
Street Journal, has been appointed di
rector of the Mexican Petroleum com
pany, Ltd., succeeding S. M. Spald
ing, who has entered the army as a
captain. Mr. Schweppe was formerly
general manager of the United Fruit
company in Costa Rica. '
A license to do business was issued
to the Parker Valley bank of Parker,
by Jesse Boyce. state bank comptrol
ler for Arizona. The new bank open
ed in doors yesterday morning, oc
cupying handsome quarters in the new
bank building at Parker. A number
of well known Arizona men are In
terested financially in the new bank.
Newman Essick. vice president of the
California Savings and Commercial
bank of Los Angeles, Is said to be
one of the principals behind the new
bank. He is listed as one of its direc
tors, among whom are M. C. Webb,
Phoenix; J. F. Raney, Parker; A. W.
Littlefield, Parker; James GillenPar
ker; B. M. Fuqua. Parker, and G. A.
Marsh. Mr. Marsh Is also cashier.
The bank is capitalized ror S15.000,
of which amount $1,1,000 in paid up.
varieties, which can be grown suc
cessfully In the medium or lower alti
tudes where the soil is light and where
there is an ample water supply. This
production means 72 pounds for every
man, woman and child in Arizona, if
the crop be estimated at only 1,(X0
pounds to the acre. Naturally there
will be' a very large surplus left for
shipping or for military uses, Arizona
thus contributing another "bit" for the
war. It Is understood that the gov
ernment win have no share in price
fixing on beans unless the prices be
come nrohibitive. Thus th.e farmer
is well assured of a fair return. It
happens also that the Arizona beans,
according to experts and merchants,
are fully 35 per cent better than those
brought in from coast points. About
one-tenth of the state acreage is with
in Maricopa county. Heretofore the
threshing has been by hand or by re
adjustment of grain separating ma
chinery. A Peoria man, W. J. Burnett,
who, himself, has 25 acres, has just
brought in a special bean thresher,
understood to be the only one in Ari
zona at the present time. It is ex
pected that next season there will be
large additions to the Maricopa county
bean acreage, the planting promoted
by a county council of defense, which
now 1. being organized.
Dan Cupid says the postofflce de
partment is a grasping prolitecr. Just
when the concentraMon of eligible
in training camps promised a bumtter
rnp of love letters, the nim old gov
ernment raised the price of bluiiips.
REVIEW WA"NT ADS FOR RESULTS
News has been received here from
Gallup, N. M., that a number of Hopl
Indians of Keams canyon bought
$2,700 worth of the second Issuo of
Liberty bonds. One old Indian, by
the name of Wapa, bought a bond and
to make the first payment took the
coin buttons off his coat. This oU
man is very poor, but he was anxious
to do something for Uncle Sam In
this great war. When a boy he ws
captured by Mexicans and taken Into
Sonnra, Mexico, where he was held
as a peon for many years. He made
his escape from Mexico and rejoined
his own people. He has enjoyed the
liberty of the United States govern
ment so much that to express his
gratitude gave his last rent to make
a payment on a Liberty bond. Sev
eral of the Hopi young men have en
listed for the war, only recently 13
of them going into the navy. Most
Indians were drafted. About 30 of
the young Ilopis have volunteered.
This report is vouched for by Leo
Crans. superintendent of the Hopl In
dians. '
The state council of defense has
figures showing that Arizona, this
ynr. rip 18.o acres of bean.
most of them of the pink and bro n
BRITISH SAILOR IS
NOW GIVEN UNIFORM
LONDON. Nov. 19. By the grant
of free uniform and kit to the enlisted
men of the navy', the British sailor
obtains a concession which he has
long sought and which has been the
subject of hundreds of petitions sent
from the lower deck to the admiralty.
The British sailor always deemed it
a great injustice that, while the sol
dier and the marine, wore a uniform
purchased by the state, he must pur
chase his own clothing1 out of his
small pay. What annoyed him still
more was that although he had to pay.
his superiors often ordered the clothes
at their own pleasure, poor Jack hav
ing no voice in the matter.
In the early days of the British
navy each captain was permitted to
dress his crew to suit his own fancy.
This custom did not wholly cease
when a regulation uniform made its
appearance, for different captains had
different ideas of what constituted
"uniform." with the result that a sail
er when transferred to a new ship
often had to purchase several new
items of clothing.
Although a British bluejacket's uni-
form appears very simple, the official
list shows that he ha about 100 dif
ferent articles in his wardrobe, all of
which be has heretofore had to buy
himself. Henceforth his entire outtlt
will be issued to him at government
expense.
REVIEW WANT AD
BRING QUICK RESULTS
County Briefs
G. A. Wesson. juvenilg court pro
bation officer of Los Angeles, re-,
turned home Thursday, after placing
an Arizona delinquent at Fort Grant
Industrial school.
Stella Dawson, . who was arrested
at a Douglas hotel Thursday night fey
the federal authorities, was sent to
Tucson to await trial before the fed
eral court. It Is alleged the womau
was practicing prostitution within
five miles of a military camp.
Douglas attorneys won the second
round in the legal battle for the re
moval of the county seat when, by
his action of quashing the writ of
prohibition secured by the people of
Tombstone to prohibit the county su
pervisors from holding a special elec
tion for the purpose of removing the
county seat to a more centrally lo
cated point. Judge Frank Baxter ot
Yuma county, ruled that the statute
providing for the holding of such elec
tions is a valid and constitutional one.
F. H. Fisher, assistant cashier ot
the Bank of Douglas, ' has arrived
home from a visit to his mother m
New Brunswick. While on his way
east he met Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Dixon
in Toronto. Canada, and traveled as
far as Montreal with them. Mr. Fisher
states that he found the people in
eastern Canada and in C'htcago and
New York rather pessimistic as to
the war. They all were certain that
Germany would finally be defeated,
but did. not look for the end of the
war within two years, and possibly
longer.
Clarence G. Hinton. who was among
the selected men sent from Douglas
to Camp Funston. has been made cor
poral, according to a letter received
by his father. A. K. Hinton. of Doug
las. Joe Hinton, brother of Clarence,
has been made first sergeant. He is
stationed at American Lake. Both ot
the Hinton boys are former members
of The Dispatch family, each having
been carriers, and Joe was for a long
time mailing clerk. Isaac Klein, an
other Douglas boy who was selected
in the draft process, iias been made
quartermaster sergeant at Camp Kear
ney, Linda Vista, having been trans
ferred Irom Fort Riley to that place.
N. T. Bryan, a rbkkcu fancier from
Naco. arrived in Willcox a few days
ago with a car of stok, household
goods aiid fancy White Leghorn chhst
ens, and will locate north of Willcox.
Mr. Bryan is in the employ of the
S. P. out of Naco Into Mexico as
telegraph lineman, but expects to re
sign his position and engage in farm
ing and chicken raising in this val
ley. After kn-atiug he will go east
as far as Nashville, Tenn., on his va
cation. His birds are ail imported
and during the last year he exported
a number to Mexico and other places.
He will join farming operations with
Ross Adliug. who la his son-in-law. FIVE
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 20, 1917.
V
A
F. M. C. 4. WAR
WORK FUND IS
NOW COMPLETED
By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. Nov. 19. The war
fund of $35,000 00p with which the
V. M. C A. will provide care and
comfort for the soldiers and sailors
of America and her allies has been
raised, it was announced here tonight
by George iV. Perkins, chairman of
the finance committee of the war work
council.
While the available figures will not
be available before Wednesday, Mr.;
Perkins said reports ' from various
parts of the country letf no doubt
that the full amount, end probably
more, had been contributed.
Campaign It Success
"The reports received tonight," said
a statement issued by A. H. Whitford,
MOTHER'S FRIEUD
FOR.
Expectant CMhers
AT ALL DRUG STORES
director of the campaign, "indicate
that the campaign is a great success.
Many states have announced their In
tention of raising- an amount larger
than their allotment,
"It is clearly understood that the
principal limitation in the work In the
association among the enlisted men
has been largely a lack of funds. The
larger the fund, the more efficient and
the more extended will be the work
as represented by the red triangle."
Many Oversubscribed
Chicago reported tonight that it had
raised $2,700,000, while Detroit wired
that its contributions would be at
least $719,000. Newark, N. J., passed
its quota at noon today, having raised
$326,000, while Atlantic City reported
$60,000.
Although the campaign closed offi
cially at midnight tonight, announce
ment was made that it win continue
all week in Georgia and for several
days in parts of Tennessee.
Five $100,000 Subscrtptons
Mrs. Arthur Curtain James, nation-
How Long Must I Suffer
From the Pangs of Rheumatism?
Is there no real relief in sight?
Doubtless like other sufferers, yon
nave cften asked yourself this ques
tion, which continues to remain un
answered. Science has proven that your Rheu
matism is caused by a germ in your
blood, and the only way to reach it is
by a remedy which eliminates and re
moves these little pain demons from
your blood. This explains why lini
ments and lotions can do no perma
nent good, for they cannot possibly
reach these germs which infest your
blood by the millions.
S. S. S. has been successfully used
for Rheumatism for more than fifty
years. Try it to-day, and you will
find yourself at last on the right
track to get rid of your Rheumatism.
You can get valuable advice about the
treatment of your individual case by
writing to the Chief Medical Adviser,
Swift Specific Co, Dept. D At
lanta, Ga.
FRESH ARRIVALS THROUGHOUT THE WEEK
DAILY DELIVERIES TO ALL PARTS OF THE W4RREN OlST.
MONEY SAVING PRICES
Per Lb. Per Lb.
', Whole Sliced
Salmon 25 30
Halibut 17J2 20'
Barracuda 17J2 20
Yellowtail 7y2 20
Smelt 17
King Fish 1
TOYREA'S
al chairman of the women's commit
tee, which has been active in the cam
paign, stated that the organization
would continue to reeceive contribu
tions until the end of November. Ef
forts would be rontlnued, she said, to
reac h many wealthy New York wom
en who are absent from the city, as
well as to obtain small donations.
The fifth $100,000 contribution
through this committee was announc
ed today. This was made by Mr. and
Mrs. Rockefeller Jr. The committee
has fixed $2,000,000 as its quota, but
it was not kJiown tonight whether the
full amount has been raised.
Taft Enthusiastic
Former President William Howard
Taft tonight sent a congratulatory
elegrant to Dr. John R. Mott, general
secretary of the Y. M. C. A., national
war work council, on the success of
the $35,000,000 drive. "It shows what
every oe- has found," Mr. Taft said;
"that the people appreciate the char
acter of the service which the great
organization must render to our boys
in training camps and at the front and
to the armies of our allies."
Among the larger subscriptions re
ported today here were:
Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Carnegie,
$250,000; Charles Hayden, $30,000;
The Fleishman company and Mrs.
Benjamin Brewster, $25,000 each
Mrs. H. McK. Twombley and the Bar
rett company $20,000 each.
Need More Money
'The America n people have made
it clear that they want performed,
this large and patriotic service," said
a . statement- issued tonight by Dr.
Mott. "But it is necessary that we
sweep beyond all goals. New and
.hjghly significant events lately have
taken place which make it absolutely
essential that we have a far larger
sum available than originally contem
plated." Dr. Mott declared the situation in
Russia and Italy, together with the
requests for aid from France, the in
creasing number of war prisoners and
the development of plans by the Unit
ed States, called for increasing ac
tivities by the Y. M. C. A.
Labor Approves
Gompers' Plan
(Continued From Page One.)
Until Nbvem
Uj. CmiKi Aluminum
Dessert
Style 2
Style 5
Stylo 4
Three Individual Molds
Pure aluminum assorted styles. Send the coupon below with only 10c to
pa mailing. Or we will send six moldsenough to nerve a full package of
Jiffy- ell if too enclose 20c with the coupon. The advertised price is 60c per set.
' Pint Dessert Mold
Or this Pint Mold, which serves a full package, will be sent for cost of
mailing. Enclose or.ty 10c with coupon. This Pint Mold comes in heart
shape also, if preferred.
A Gift for Women
Our Thanksgiving Offer to Jiffy-Jell Users
w
PmoapoH Flavor
for Solmdm or
DotTtJolU
taste.
BISBEE PHONE 14
LOWELL PHONE 51
I
bate In a speech in defense of the
alliance and his own position.
He went into the history of the
People's council,' which he said was
an outgrowth of the Minneapolis meet
ing of the alliance.
"The situation demanded," he said,
"that there should be a clear cut dis
tinction between what these people
represented and what the trades un
ions stood for. The fact is that the
socialists, since the Detroit conven
tion when they failed to break in,
have made war upon the American
Federation of Labor. They sought to
discredit it. They started the West
ern Labor union, the American Labor
union, and they started the I. W. W,
and finally they started the so-called
People's Council. In the one instance
it was rivalry to the American Fed
eration of Labor and in the last It
was hostility to the republic of the
United States.
Not Neutral
"I am not neutral in this war. Paci
fist as I have been all my life, when I
find there is' a band of murderers
abroad and I fail to defend my chil i
dren, I am not a pacifist but a cow
ard. President Wilson and the mem
bers of his cabinet were peace-loving
men. I know of no militarist in their
number. But now they are fighting
men. And I publicly declare how that
I am a fighting man and will continue
to fight for the country to which 1
owe all, the country which I love and
Contestants in Review Carriers Circulation Contest Are This Week Making
the Biggest Drive in the Course of the Event for New Subscribers. They Are
Authorized to Take Orders to Have the Paper Delivered to Your Home for
tor
This is to urge you to try Jiffy
Jell perhaps for Thanksgiving
' dinner. You should know this
new-grade, quick, fruity dessert.
It will be a revelation.
It is made with rare grade
Waukesha gelatine which costs
twice as much as the common. And it brings you
quick desserts and salads with a wealth of ripe-fruit
All fruit flavors are made from the fruit itself. They
are highly concentrated, so every
' serving tastes like fresh crushed
fruit.
All these liquid flavors come
sealed in glass vials. One in
each package. So they keep
their strength and freshness.
You add them when the 1
has partly cooled, so you never scald the flavor.
You will be amazed to learn how Jiffy-Jell dainties excel old
style, quick gelatine desserts. Yet they cost but two cents per
serving.
For Desserts and a'ads
Flavors in Glass Vials
!
Then there is Mint flavor, which makes
a Mint Jeil rich in fresh-mint taste. There
is Lime flavor made from lime fruit. It;
makes an ideal salad jell tart, zestful and '
f.resn. We want you to know these new :
delights which a million homes now enjoy. '
So we ask you to buy two packages to try.
Then send us this coupon, with 10c to pay mailing, and we will'
send ybu three individual dessert molds, pure aluminum. Or
one 50-cent Pint Mold. Or, if you enclose 20c, we will send six
individual molds.
All will last a
lifetime.
Accept this offer
for your own sake.
Do it now, for
the offer ends
November 29. Fior for S.uj JWT
11
Ten Flavors in Glass Vials
Each Package Contain thm Flavor in a Separatm Vial
Strawberry Orange fUapborry Laaoa Lof n&err-
Chry two Packages for 2Sc Urn
Colrea
Mia
Mail Us This Coupon lttZg22
I have today received two packages of Jiffy
Jell as pictured here from
(Name of Grocer)
Now I mail this coupon with
"I 10c for the Pint Mold, or
f) 10c for 3 Individual Molds, or
() 20c for 6 Individual Molds
(Check which)
Hi
TO GROCERS: Any jobber will supply
you with Jiffy-Jell. Be sure and have the
new t flavors, -Pineapple. Mint, Lime, Coffee,
and LOGANBERRY, the Queen of them all.
Your icnc
Address '
Be sure you (jet Jiffy-Jell, with rckafre Hfce picture, for nothing
else has true-fruit flavors in vials. Mail Coupon to
Waukesha Pure Food Company, Waukesha, Wis.
BinnmniiiiOTimiiiimn
in which my hope and aspirations are
bound up.
"I propose to do a man's duty in
helping to make this war the last war
of this world. All my energies shall
be laid at the feet of America and
of our allies to do what I can toward
the establishment of democracy, even
In Germany."
The first vote was taken on an
amendment offered by the opposition
to table the report. It was defeated.
The roli was then called on the adop
tion of the committee's- recommend
ing, resulting: Yeas, 21,579; noes, 402.
rnnnnnnnim
N H III r mini r
A SERIOUS ONE i
j IN RUSSIA NOW
AND THEY ARE WORKING FOR SIX MAIN PRIZES
$50 $50 $ 1 0 $ 1 0 $7.50 $7.50
and smaller ones. Do not disappoint them Do not discourage them Do not
refuse to lend them your aid But
subscribe Today
Orders will be taken over the phone (39) You can come into the office and
subscribe Let us know your address and we will send your favorite contestant
-They are as follows:
SCHOOL . HILL HUBERT DETLOFF
WARREN FRANK LINOSEV
BAKERVILLE MAURICE RUGRAFF
TOMBSTONE CANYON ABE MILBURM
SOUTH BISBEE. . ....RICHARD SHARPE
LAUNDRY HILL EARL HICKS
DON LUIS.. KENNETH MORT
LOWER SCHOOL HILL . . HERBERT PERRY
BREWERY GULCH GORDON WALLACE
NACO ROAD A JOHNSON ADD BUD HASCAL
JOHNSON ADD. & CITY OF LOWELL
EUGENE GALLAGHER
O. K. ST. A. CHIHUAHUA HILL
. ...... RICHARD OJEDA
QUALITY HILL MAURICE KELLY
UPPER LOWELL S. JIGGERVILLE
WALTER STEELE
BUSINESS DISTRICT WM. BROOKINGS
AND ANY BOY CAN TAKE SUBSCRIPTIONS ANYWHERE AND CON
TEST ENDS 9 O'CLOCK WEDNESDAY NIGHT.
Americans and
Germans Clash
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WITH THE AMERICAN' ARMY IN
FRANCE, Nov. 19. There has been
another clash between American and
German patrols in No Man's Land. Full
details are not known at this hour be
yond the fact that one American sol
dier was killed.
American patrols have been especi
ally active the last two nights. One
encountered a Gorman patrol close to
the German lines. The firing at this
point was hot, but brief. There is be
lieved to have been German casualties
but Uiey cannot be determined.
Artillery firing on the sector con
tinues m'jre active.
RUiiNGMS OF
LONG STANDING CURED
BY NUMBER 40
James Robinson, 821 Rowley St,
Evansville, Ind., makes the following
statement: "I suffered for five years
with running sores from blood poison
of long stan&ing. I doctored with the
best physicians and tried a number Vf
advertised remedies but received no
permanent benefit. My brother-iu-law,
R. Tadlovk. advised me t to try
Number 40 For Th'j DJood. A f er us
ing the first bottle I was benefitted
and was completely cured with five
bottles and at this time, twelve months
later, I have experienced no signs of
the disease returning, l'ersons suffer
ing with blood poison In any form
should delay but get No. 40 at once.
Sold exclusively in IJisbee at Central
Pharmacy, opposite Orpheum, in Lo
well by Lowell Drug Co., in Douglas by
Owl Drug Co. -r-Adv.
LONDON, Nov. 19. The food prob
lem in Russia suddenly has become
more pressing than the question of
revolution, not only in Petrograd and
Moscow, but also at the front, accord
ing to telegrams from Petrograd and
Moscow.
The spread- of famine appears to
have . done more than the force of
armies to bring about quiet. At
many places the oIesheviki and
bourgeoisie, the pacifists and the mili
tary cadets and the Kerenskyites and
the Leninites have joined forces
against the common enemy hunger
In a concentrated effort to stave off
disaster, which seems almost inevit
able in view of the disorganised state
of transportation and widespread de
struction of stores and supplies.
The political situation, roughly
speaking, is that the Bolesheviki
have been victorious everywhere. A
Moscow telegram says: "Fighting
lasted in the city from the seventh
to the fifteenth and ended in a com
plete victory for the Bolesiievikl. The
casualties amounted to several thou
sand and the property damage was
heavy. All now is quiet and excel
lent order is being maintained."
An Odessa dispatch regarding the
situation in Kiev says:
"All is quiet now after a period ot
serious disorders."
Dispatches from Petrograd say the
Bolesheviki were victorious, but added
that there is evidence reaction al
ready is setting In against the Bolesheviki
Price of Beans
trtn
SAX FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 Califor
nia alone raised a bean crop this sea
son sufficient to supply all the armed
forces of the nation for a year or more.
The nation raised a bean crop appiox
imately 8,000,000 bushels in excess "of
the biggest previous crop, while the
bean output of the Orient is so enor
omus that its marketing and transpor
tation problems are engaging the atten
tion of governments and merchants all
over the world.
This information was ventured here
today by H. Clay Miller, a San Fiaa
ctsco grain and bean merchant inf
member of the na'.'jnal food adminis
tration committee for supplying ship
ments of varieties are so plentiful. Mil
ler states, that sharp price declines
should be generally expected.
Erery county in California grew
beans this season, he said, with Sac
ramento, Colusa, Santa I'arbar and
Ventura leading in production. Fig
ures are not available as approximate
ly five per cent of the crop remains
to be harvested. The amount jf new
land put into beans was so enormous,
but cannot even be approximated as
many growers e ma end in intensive
farming in orchards and other places
where double crops could be grown.
The northwest, particularly Oregon,
Washington and Idaho, are going Cj be
big factors in the bean market this
year on account of record crops. Miller
stated.
Miller estimates the increased out
put in California at between 35 and 40
per cent. This figure only covers beans
thatare marketed aud does not touch
the output' of many thousands of bark
yards and turner lots, where the grow
er consumes the crop.
DUNDEE EASY WINNER.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 19. Johnny
Dundee, the New York lightweight,
outpointed George Chaney of Balti
more in a six-round b'Jut here tonight
Dundee had the better of every round.
DIE AWAYJJEADACHE
Rub Musterole on Forehead
and Temples
A headache remedy without the "dan
gers of "headache medicine." Relieves
headache and that miserable feeling from
colds or congestion. And k acta at once!
Musterole a dean, white ointment,
made with oil of mustard. Better than a
mustard plaster and does not blister.
Used only externally, and in no way can
it affect stomach and heart, as some in
ternal medicines do.
Excellent for sore throat, bronchitis,
croup, stiff neck, asthma, neuralgia, con
gestion, pleurisy, rheumatism, lumbago,
ill pains and aches of the back or joints,
sprains, sore muscles, bruises, chilblains,
frosted feet, colds of the chest (it often
prevents pneumonia).
30c and 60c jars; hospital size $2 50
To Suffragette Pickets Released
WASHINGTON. Nov. lMrs. liar
evy W. Wiley, wife of the pure food
expert, sentenced to the district Jail
last Friday for picketing the White
House, was released today on bond
pending appeal. Mrs. .?. H. Short of
Minneapolis, sent to the work houst)
at Occoquan, Va., last Wednesday for
picketing, paid ber line and was released.
Strange Fire In Hold of Ship.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
AN ATLANTIC PORT. Nov. 19.
Fire broke out in the hold of a Cm ted
States transport tied up at a pier here
early this morning, and is not yet un
der control. A guard 'jf soldiers was
thrown about the pier and local ttre-
men were permitted to pass only when
t'was found that the ship's crew
I could not combat the flames.
The fire was discovered among a
quantity of food Fttirts stored in the
hold and its cause has not been determined.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
You pay a small price
for it; you use small
quantities of it." 25c a
pound.
Crescent
Double Acting Baking Powder.
(B-60) SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 20, 1917.
I Mining and Financial News
BY CV(EW
NEW YORK FINANCIAL
NEW YORK. Nov. 19. A sadden
and inexplicable change for the betier
came over the stock market toward
the end of today's trading after more
than four hours of, listlessness and
irregular price changes. Final deal
ings, were characterized by an out
burst of activity in which leading
shares were carried 2 to 4 points over
lowest levels of the day.
There were no known developments
to account for the movement, but the
character of the buying which natu
rally included considerable short cov
ering, suggested early rnd favorable
news in the railroad rate situation.
Union Pacific featured the rails and
Uni'.ed P ates Steel the industrials,
the former jumping at half point gains
from 112a4 to nci. Steel was taken
in lar?e lots at a steady rise from
921-.. to 9516. closing at its best, a net
pain of 3U points.
The turnover in the last 30 minutes
aggrega'ed almost 25 per cent of the
day's total. Between 11 and o'clock
dealings barely reached 100.000 shares,
the three periods being marked by the
most complete, stagnation of the year.
In the morning. and during the inter
mediate session the onjy noteworthy
features were of depressing or nega
tive natnre.' '"Delaware- '& Hudson
dropped 4V poinU to S7, its minimum
of many years. Sales amounted to
420.000 shares. ,
Liberty 4's varied from 98.24 to 97,
closing at 97.50. The 3VB ranged
from 99.80 to 9902, closing at 99.20.
Total bond sales, par value, aggre
gated $4.325 000.
United States bonds, old issues,
were unchanged on call.
GRAIN MARKETS
CHICAGO. Nov. 19. Enlargement
of supplies with improvement in the
quality of arrivals had a bearish ef
fect today on the corn market. Prices,
although steady atj the close, were
'4 to c net lower, with January
Jl.lC- to U.lBVi, and May $1.13. to
ll.lox. Oats finished unchanged to
'Jc higher, and provisions were up
2 to 10c.
Receipts of corn showed a liberal
total for the first time in a long while,
the aggregate being 417 carloads, of
which 270 were new. The United
O. K. LIVERY AND
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot. Ambulance
ARIZONA
Biske Copper Co
PER SHARE
FOR SALE BY
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize in Jerome
and Oatman" Stocks.
P. O. BOX 1129 PHONE 26
A quarter here, fifty cents there, a dollar
somewhere else do you keep tab on your
expenses?
And do you realize that many of these
quarters, half dollars and dollars you could
save?
Bank With Us.
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co, Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
iBctric
LEASED WIRE
Ftaies visibic supply be;ran to show
an increase, having gained in the last
week 434.000 bushels. Betterment in
condition of spot offerings here was
of a notable character. Another de
cided handicap to the lulls lay in a
special government report which
seemed to imply that the latest fed
etal crop estimate. 3,191,000(000 bush
els, meant a larger percentage of good
corn than traders generally had fig
ured upon.
Some renewal of seaboard demand
strengthened the oats market In the
last hour.
Provision prices were swayed by
changes in the vplne of hogs.
' COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19 The cotton
mr.rket today closed firm at a net ad
vance of 30 to 49 points.
METAL MARKET
NEW YORK. Nov. 19. Lead, quiet;
spot. 6.37. Spelter, quiet; spot East
St. Louis delivery, 7.75 to 8.00. Bar
silver. SS1.
NEW YORK
Closing Quatatiors November 20, 1917
(By L J. Overlock)
Anaconda 56
American Can 34
American Car 63
American Locomotive 52
American Smelter 73 4
American Sugrr 92
Atchison 84
Baldwin. 5814
Beth B 79
C. & 0 48
C. F. and. I ... 32
Canadian Pacific 32'4
Central Leather 62
Cruc'ble 53
Distillers 34 ,
Erie 14
Goodrich 34 V4
I:di:strisl Alcohol 104
Marine 24
Maxwell ,.. 24
Mexican Petroleum 76 !
Midvale 43
New York Central 69
Northern Pacific S6'4
Reading 70
Rep Steel 71
Rubber 50
Stndebaker 39
Steel ..... 95
Steel Pfd... 108
St. Paul 3gi
Southern Pacific 82
Sinclair Oil 20
Texas Oil 140
Union Pacific 116
U. S. M :. 45
Yestingfcouse 37
BOSTON
Adventure
Allouez
Alaska
Allouez Commercial . . .
American Zinc
Butte ... '.
C. & A " '..
Chief Range
Chino
East Rutte
Oranby
Coldfield ... .' 1..
Hancock
Indiana
Inspiration
Kennecott
Keweenaw
Lake
La Salle
Miami Copper
Mohawk
Mayflower
Nevada
North Butte
IV4
52
2
9
n
16
65
47
39
10
60
40
3
'I
42
32
1
6
3
27 j
59'
2 j
16 I
12
works
7V4j
'36
59
17U
65 j
22
5
3
50
12
75
1
CURBS
Arkansas & Arizona ..
Austin i. ...
Arizona Silver King ..
Pig Ledge
Rutte & London
Cr-lumet & Jerome ..
Cornelia
Con. Ariz ." . .
Con. Copper
Curtiss
Penn
Dundee
Emma
Federal Oil
Gadsden ,. . ..
Green Island
Hull
Hov.e Sound
Heda
Inspiration Needles ....
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor ... ; . .
Jerome Portland
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Miami Con .
Pitts Jerome
Ray Here
Santa Rita
Tom Reed
United Eastern ... ...
Verde Ex
Verde Com
West End
White Caps r.. ... ..
Wol. Arizona ... , . . ., .
Wright Martin
a
1
11
.
14
1
7
25
18
2
1
10 .
34
3
4
34
3
3
H
60
357
31
63
1
7
NEW YORK, Nov. 19. During the
greater part of the session dullness
prevailed, but the strong tone was in
dicative of underlying firmness In the
last of brisk buying movement devel
opment, and as stocks, were in scant
supply prices advanced rapidly and in
most departments! substantial gains
were recorded. The appeal of the car
riers and the logical facts advanced
for immediate much-needed relief have
undoubtedly made a marked Impres
sion on the deciding body in Wash
ington and confidence In a favorable
verdict Is gaining ground. Along with
the prospects of a fair-sized Increase
in freight rates is the anticipation
that the government may extend cred
it to the railroads, inasmuch as the
carriers, if recent developments are
any guide,' are unable to compete with
the government for funds to promote
greater activity on their part in bol
stering up the efficiency in transpor
tation. It is not illogical to assume
that the administration In an effort
to stabilize the general situation
would lean, more kindly toward the
carriers. The technical foundation of
the market is, as we have pointed out
firmer than for some time past, and
the rather well-liquidated state makes
the market sensitive to developments
or hence of constructive disclosure.
LOGAN & BRYAN.
OATMAN
(By Collins & Bretherton)
Adams .02 - .03
Arizona Rex .25
Ariz.-Tom e .04
Gold Ore 24 .26
Gold Reed 02 .05
Gold Reed .05
Carter Ore 02 .05
Gold Cliff 15
Lucky Boy '. . . . . . .03
Sunnyside .: 02 -.03
Telluride 06 .10
Tom Reed 60 .65
United Eastern .3.57 3.70
United Northern .03 .04
United Waste rn 02 .03
Red Lion 25
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden 1.S7 2.00
Green Monster 75 .87
Butte London 11 .13
Dundee 75 .87
Venture Hill 10
Pitts-Jerome 37 .62
Jerome Verde S7 , .94
Ark-Arizona 05 .10
Jerome Portland .60
Ins-Needles 06 .18
Hull Copper 34 .35
Magma Chief 37 ,50
Wolverine-Arizona 1.50 1.75
Miami Mother Lode .. .50
Verde Cora 62 .75
Miami Con 03 .07
Ariz-Blsbee Copper .50
Butte Arizona 03
Santa Cruz Bisbee 27
Jerome Daisy ... . . .50
Nacozari Con . . . .42
Verde Apex 13 .15
Calumet and Jerome .. ..1.31 1.43
Feather River Gold 25
A central European branch of the
. treasury department, with auxiliary
branches near each of the principal
units of General Pershing's forces,
will be established in France for hand
ling financial affairs of the American
I troops and operations of the naval and
military insurance bill.
Nip
O'd poniinion . . .
Osceola
Pond Creek
Quincy
Ruy Con
Shattui-k
Shannon
Superior Ronton . .
?t. Mary's ... ...
Utah Con
Ctah Copper . . , . .
Winona
We Clean
and Press
SjUITS
MEXICO THE LAND
' OF HIDDEN GOLD
AND MANY DREAMS
Wherever one goes in Mexico city,
hamlet, country, mining camp, wilder
ness, desert or mountain there is
one subject of universal interest which
the traveler can bring up with the
certainty that he will at once let loose
a flood of reminiscence, tradition, ru
mor and fact that is as Intensely in
teresting as a large portion of it Is ill
founded. Beginning with the famous
and by some regarded more or less
problematical lost treasure of the
Montezumas (though Prescott accepts
the story as true), andcoming down
to the present day, the whole unwrit
ten history of the country is replete
with stories of hidden treasure. That
this should be so and in such marked
degree, that these multifarious stories
should, in not a few cases, be well
founded, is easily understood. It is
only during the last few years, com
paratively speaking, tliat'the posses
sors of portable property in he way
of jewels, coin, gems and what not,
had any secure place for its bestowal
when necessary for protection. There
wer no banks, the making of strong
boxes or safes was in its infancyt and
the only place for safekeeping was
the ground, the thick adobe or stone
wall, underneath the tile floor, or some
reces3 or cave in tHe rocks. That
large amounts of valuables were so
hidden in the past is indusputable. It
has been so in all countries, and es
pecially in Mexico. That many hoards
have been discovered at one time and
another is also a fact That many
remain yet to be unearthed is a third
fact. And that there are few foreign
ers who have visited the byways of
Mexico who have been able to resist
the glamorous lure of tbe buried treas
ure story is still another fact the
writer being among the majority.
The buried treasure of the Monte
zum.is dates back to the time of Cor
tez, when that not at all gentle or
Christian-like Christian gentleman,
soldier of the Cross and conqueror per
mitted the deliberate roasting of Cu
auhtemoc and one of his companions
because they courageously and persist
ently refused to disclose the hiding
place of the royal treasure, variously
estimated at many millions of dollars
in value. That they should have with
stood such suffering in this cause
seems ample proof of the actuality of
the treasure itself.
Various and sundry persons have ap
peared from time to time and have
claimed knowledge of the whereabouts
of the hoard, and large sums havo
been expended in excavation and re
search but so far without success.
At various times and in various lo
calities there have beep discoveries
of hidden treasure which were well
authenticated, although, since the gov
ernment is entitled under the law to
one-half of all treasure trove that may
be recoverel. It is believed that there
has been more than one discovery of
the kind which was kept zealously
from public knowledge. Indeed, search
ers for treasure, are as a rule, very
secretive as to their operations and
the results achieved, whether success
ful or not.
Such, for example, was the treasure
supposed and believed to have been
found at a mining camp in the state
of Durango only a few years ago. That
region, having once been the favored
haunt of bandits, .as result Is per
meated with rumors of treasure, us
ually ascribed to freebooters. In the
case under discussion, grading was in
progress for the erection of a build
ing, a sandy hill being removed to
make way for the foundations. Sud
denly the peons employed all aban
doned their task and hastened to an
other portion of the grounds. Their
native foreman reported to the chief,
a foreigner, that they had unearthed
a coffin, or a portion of one, during
their excavation, and were afraid to
pursue their task further, all natives
being very superstitious in this con
nection. The manager replied that he
would investigate the matter, which
he did later. Sure enough, projecting
from the face of tte excavation for a
portion of its length was a box re
sembling in shape those designed for
sepulture. With a pick this was fur
ther uncovered; then the lid was pried
up, and what was disclosed led the
manager to replace the boards in a
hurry. Glancing around, he discover
ed the native foreman watching him.
and felt assured from the expression
on his countenance that he too had
seen the contents of the box, which,
so far from being human remains,
were sacks containing coin and other
valuables, as demonstrated by some
of them having become broken open
through edecay. Quick decision was
necessary on the part of the mana
ger and he decided to make the hast
of it, since there was no method for
preserving secrecy. He told the na
tive foreman to warn the laborers
against approaching the spot or in
terfering with the "coffin;" that it
was indeed what they supposed, and
that :n accordance with law they were
forbidden to touch It until the autho
rities in the nearest town could bo
notified, which would not be until the
!
A
Vv
$
n0
URITAIX'S "ANGFXS OF MERCY"
TKXI) THE WOUNDED UXDER FIRE
w. VI iWl t
British nurses on
following day. To the native fore
man he said: "Keep your own conn
scj. Come with me tonight and I will
pay you liberally. I will give you more
money than you ever had in your life."
That night the two men went with
9 mule car, emptied the contents of
the box into sacks and carried them
to the manager's residence. The lat
ter kept his promise to the native,
gave him several hundred dollars in
coin more than he had ever dreamed
of having at one time in his entire
life and enjoined secrecy if he would
keep out of the law's hands. This
was pledged, but straightway the sud
denly enriched peon proceeded to ex
pend his mysteriously acquired wealth
in riotous living, entertaining his
friends with liquor and scattering the
coin broadcast. When questioned as
to the source of his prosperity he at
first demurred, but later, when far
gone under the influence of tequila,
mescal, sotol and such like delectable
liquors of native manufacture, he di
vulged more or less of the tale that
has been told.
But when the manager wa3 ap
proached, he denied the whols account
as a fabrication and tried to laugh it
off. Who would for a moment believe
the story of a drunken native? What
nonsense! There was no word of
truth in it. His position prevented
the authorities from taking any ac
tion, or if any was projected he was
able to head it off. since all the local
ofiicials were subject to his despotic
control.
FACTS REGARDING
TURIN RIOTS MADE
PUBLIC AT ZURICH
ZURICH, Switzerland. Nov. 15. (As
soclated Press Correspondence) With
the arrival here of an Italian from
Turin the full details of the riots there
late in August are known. The Italian
censor suppressed tnera rigidly, and
the military authorities even closed
the border to Switzerland for a t-":n
slderable period so that they mitht not
get out to the rest of the world.
The trouble began on August 27, ac
cording to the Turin resident, vho
has succeeded in coming to Zurich,
and grew worse as the days follewed,
days known In Italy as the "Red Days
or Turin." A shortage of bread nd
flour was the cause. When the poorer
people from the popular quarter, Porta
Palazzo, were unable to obtain any
thing to eat, they formed into, col
umns and began marching toward city
hall to protest. Arrived there, they
began to shout, "We want bread."
The police on the first evening were
able to restore order without blood
shed. On the following day, when the
people discovered the bakeries shut
for want" of flour, dissatisfaction re
curred and the crowds became so
menacing that the police sounded the
familiar trumpet warning. The peo
ple, instead of dispersing, began mak
ing a round of all the factories', in
ducing the workmen and women to go
pn strike. The police interfered and
arrested many women.
The disorders became violent on t'19
second evening and the first shots
were fired by the police, killing two
women and a boy of 14. The crowd
was awed for the time being and dis
persed at midnight, but the next day
thousands gathered, and the word was
quickly passed for a general and e
m law? .. a. ii 1 v v m
I
X
Shoe Repair
ing at Regu
lar Prices!
Bnrcrenf
i ,T til
the Flandera front.
revolutionary strike, to "avenge the
victims."
Bread was still not to he had and
no trains were running because the
railroad employes were striking. At
the city gates leading to Milan, Nice
and San Paolo barricades were erected
The police, in the absence of troops,
were unable to handle the situation
and fell back after one fuMle attempt
Something led the crowd to make an
attack on the Church of the San Ber
nardino Brothers, in the basement of
which was discovered a large supply
of coal. Painstakingly the coal was
hauled up out of the cellar and the
church was set on fire. The firemen
were called but w-hen they arrived,
the crowd fought them off and pre
vented them from putting water on
the flames. Two days later the church
was still burning, almost a total ruin.
Presently Alpini troops arrived, but
they refused to attacktbe crowd, r.nd
either placed their hals over their ri
fle muzzles as an indication that they
would not attack, or else fired Into
the ajr. Accordingly they had tc he
retired to their garrison, while the
crowd attacked little groups of police
and militia and disarmed them.
At the church of the Madonna della
Pace the curate fired on a mob which
thereupon set fire to his church. New
soWiers charged and pome women
wrre shot by cavalrymen.
The enraged mob swept through the
streets, stopping long enough at the
Caffe Ligure, patronized by army con
tractors, to wreck it and kill a major.
Three other officers and a number of
soldiers ware killed that same even
ing for having attacked the strikers.
The arrival on the scene of bersaglieri
did no good because they declined to
shoot at the crowds.
On Friday, the worst of the "Red
Days," cavalry was brought Into ac
tion and attacked the crowd in the Via
Villfranca, in the San Paolo quarter.
At first even the cavalry was repulsed
by the maddened throng, but other
troops arrived in such numbers that
by Friday night they had the upper
hand. The military authorities emp
tied the military storehouses of all
bread on hand and distributed it to
the populace, even though they had to
deprive the troops of their supplies
for 24 hours, and the wounded in the
hospitals had to go without. By Sun
day the uprising had terminated.
The Germans aren't anxious about
the big Liberty bond subscription,
as Kaiser Bill gave it to them
straight that the American people
would only put up a cent apiece to
buy them.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PAT ENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3374.
Serial No. 036635.
United States Land Office. Phoenix.
October 31. 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that R. A.
Bretherton and C. M. Henkel. co-owners,
whose postofftce address is Bisbee,
Arizona, have made application for
patent for the following named lode
mining claims, situated in the Warren
Mining District. Cochise county, Arizo
na. In Sections 13 and 14, Township 23
S. Range 24-E. unapproved. G. & S. It.
B. & M.. described as follows, to-wit:
"ROCKLAND" Beginning at -ctjrner
No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence the
Wl-4 cor. sec. IS T. 23 S. R. 25-E. O. &
S. R. B. & M. bears S.78 58' E. 3233.9
feet: thence N. 83 34' W. 115S 70 feet
ilcli
to corner No. 2; thence N. 78 20' W
347.S0 feet to corner No. 3; thence N.
2" 14' W. 574 feet to corner No. 4;
thence S. 83 34' E. 1.500 feet to cor
ner No. 5; thence S. 2 o4' E. 606 feet
to corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 18.658 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey No. 3158, Rolla lode of
1.858 acres.
"BLACK BEN." Beginning at cor
ner No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence the
Wl-4 cor. of Sec. 18. T. 23-S. R. 25-E, G.
& S. R. B. A M. bears S. 80 03' E.
4737.2 feet; thence N. 78' 20' W. 1150.
50 feet to corner No. 2; thence X. 65
23' W. 377.80 feet to corner No. 3;
thence N. 2 04' W. 530.40 feet to cor
ner No. 4; thence 5. 78 20' E. 1500
feet to corner No. 5; thence S. 2 04'
E. 617.60 feet to corner No. 1. the place
of beginning, containing a net area of
20.112 acres, expressly excluding area
in .conflict with Sunshine lode of this
zurvey of 0.208 acres.
"SUNSHINE". Beginning at corner
No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence the W
1-4 cor or Sec. 18. T. 23-S.. R, 25-E.. G.
St S. R. B. & M. bears S. 78 51' E. 6.
256 feet; thence S. 82 04' W. 959.30
reet to corner No. 2; thence N. 1 41'
E. 600 feet to corner No. 3; thence N.
81 48' E. 960.10 feet to corner No. 4:
thence S. V 41' W. 604.50 feet to cor
ner No. 1, the place of beginning, con
taining a net area of 12.860 acres, ex
pressly excluding aera in conflict with
Survey No. 2412, Apache lode of 0.217
acros.
The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the office ot the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise county. Arizo
na, as follows:
Rockland, Book 49, Record of Mines,
page 137.
Black Ben. uook 49, Kecoru 01 .Mines
page 132.
Sunshine. Book 49, Record ot Mines
Dae 139. i
The names tof the adjoining claim to
this survey are; on the north. Survey
No. 2412, Apache lode; Neglected and
Anna, nnsurveyed; owned by applicant
herein; Warren lode, nnsurveyed; on
the East Survey No. 3158. Rolla lode;
on the South Survey No. 1794, Grenfell
lode; Survey No. 2176. Carmelita and
Corona lodes; Survey No. 2221 Shat
tuck No. 2: and Survey No. 3153. Car
melita and Corona lodes on the West
Survey No. 1794. Calumet lode.
J. L. IRWIN, Register.
First publication, Nov. 7, 1917.
Last publication, Jan 16, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION..
Department of the Interior, U. S. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, October
13. 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Freder
ick J. Murrell of Hereford. Arizona,
who, on September 1, 1910, made Here
ford. Arizona. No. 012016, for NW1-4.'
section 28. township 23 S.. range, 22E-.
O. & S. R. B. & Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make five year
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before J. D. Taylor,
C. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona
on the 23rd day of November, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Edward Wilcox, John C. Calhoun,
William A. "White, Chas. A. Martin.
All of McNeal, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First Publication October 17. 1917.
025782 02587
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. land
office at Phoenix. Arizona, October
27, 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Ira E.
Loomis of Buena, Arizona, who on Sep
tember 25. 1914, made homestead entry
No. 025782, for wl-2 ne 1-4. sel-4 nwl-4. '
nwl-4 se 1-4. sec. 27; on October 12.
1914, H. E. 025867 for el-2 nel-4. nel-4
sel-4. sw 1-4 sel-4. sec 27, township 21-s
range 21-e. meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make three year proof, to
establish claim to thel andabove de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor. U. S.
commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 4th day of December, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Wm. A. Morris, of Buena. Arizona,
Frank B. Moson of Lewis Springs.
Arizona.
Cassius R. Kiroles, of Buena. Ariz.
Paul H. Knoles of Buena, Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN,
Register.
First Publication. Ooctober 30, 1917.
Advertlsement-201
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
Of Cochise county. State of Arizona.
Notice Vf Hearing Petition la the
matter ot the estate of Ellen Maston,
deceased.
Ntoice is hereby given that Elwyu
A. Watkins has filed In this court a
certain document purporting to be the
Ias will and testament of Ellen Mas
ton, together with his petition praying
that said document be admitted to pro
bate in this court as the last will and
testament ot said Ellen Maston, who.
said petitioners alleges. Is deceased,
and that letters testamentary issue
therein to said petitioner, and that
same will be heard on Saturday the
24th day of November. A. D.. 1917. at
10 o'plock In the forenoon of said day.
at the court room of said court. In the
court house, In the city of Tombstone.
Ounty of Cochise. State of Arizona,
and all persons interested in said es
tate are notified then and there to ap
pear and show cause. If any they have.
why the prayer of said petitioner
should not be granted.
J. E. JAMES, Clerk.
C. L. Allen. Deputy Clerk.
Dated November 6th. 1917. Adv.-132
NEXT DOOR TO
RACKET STORE THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 20, 1917.
SEVEN
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
Issue, with a aniniwiiim charge of 26 cents. Advertisements must reach Th
Review office not later than 1p.m. for insertion in the next morning paper
For Sale
FOR SALE ThFee beds, springs,
mattress, one 2 Durner oil stove, one
3 burner with oven. Back El Paso
- House. Brewery avenue. 258
FOR SALE A bargain. . One 5 passen
ger touring car and 1 1917 Ford, if
taken at once. Brophy Oarage
Supply Co., Lowell. 297
FOR SALE Twelve stool lunch coun
ter. A money maker. Owner must
seek lower- altitude. Inquire at
striped tent LowelL 701
FOR SALE Some real values in low
priced furniture. Call 55 Roberts
ave. after 5 p.m. 158
FOR SALE 6 room house, close in,
11,000 cash, balance easy. Apply to
M. C. High. 236
FOR SALE 3-room .house, pantry,
chicken house and pen, rear of wa
ter tank. Miller HilL Call Tom
Bank, Bisbee. 128
FOR SALE 6 room house and furni
ture, 1500 cash, balance like rent
Opera Drive. Apply to M. C. High.
236
FOR SALE Lunch room and soda
water fountain, very low rent Have
good reason for selling. Will stand
investigation. Address Box 3074,
LowelL Aria. ' 248
FOR SALE Shoe shop in prominent
mining camp up-to-date machinery,
in perfect condition, good chance for
a good shoemaker. For information
call at Review Office. F. N. 249
FOR SALE 160 acres, good farming
land. E. Sulger, C. & A. Office, War
ren. 116
FRESH. RIPE, TOMATOES, for can
ning, 5c per pound, at my ranch near
Kaco. Will deliver if quantity is
ordered. Chase L. Purdy. 800
FOR SALE New house with sleeping
. porch, all modern, Tombstone Can
yon, half cash, balance monthly
payments. Inquire John J. Eddy.
Fair store. 283
FOR SALE Columbia hornless , pho
nograph, 62 records. Apply rear of
Second house north of Boule
vard .stop. Warren. 281
FOR SALE One 7 passenger Buick at
a bargain. Inquire Lowell Repair
shop. Johnson Addition. 284
FOR SALE or Trade, for property in
Warren District. 160 acres with 300
inches of water from Col'jrado river.
Land is good for alfalfa, cotton or
hog ranch, or can raise most any
thing. This land is in Colorado. See
R. P. Radich. Box 3086, Lowell, Ariz.
261
FOR SALE Winchester 16 gague
pump gun. Used this season only.
$25. Phone 108 2 rings 260
FOR SALE Cheap, excellent express
or Farm horse, wagon and harness.
Will consider best offer. Inquire T.
G. Mort Don Luis. 223
FOR SALE 1916 Oakland six. cheap.
Al condition.' Apply G. J. Ellis, flor
ist 224
FOR SALE Seven passenger .. Paige
automobile. Been run 6,000 miles.
' For sale cheap. Cash or terms. Sam
Musser, Auto Stand Phone 366. 282
FOR SALE CHEAP Good coal and
wood range with water back, cost
new $65. Thirty-five dollar gas stove
practically new. Address Box 792,
Warren Arizona. 235
FOR SALE 6 rooms and bath .In
Quarry Canyon, neat convent. Will
take auto in trade. M. S. care Review
' ' 220
FOR SALE Piano in good condition.
$100 if taken at once. G. T. Garcia,
182 Naeo Road. 214
Miscellaneous
EXPERT paper hanger and painter. C.
J. Brandt Phone 456, Box 150. 679
WE do general house cleaning, solder
ing, plumbing, repairing furniture,
stoves and painting. Phone 742, Gim
eneS. Reasonable pr'ces. 52
PETEY DINKMaybe Nobody
l COOtO Do
Wanted
WANTED To rent a three or four
room furnished house in Warren.
Address P. O. Box 1275, Bisbee. 230
iV ANTED To tuy six black minorca
pullets or year old hens. C. J. B. Re
view. 268
WANTED To buy modern home, 7
rooms, good location. Box 321 city.
V; 211
WANTED Typewriting to do at home
of evenings. Box 1370, Bisbee Ar
izona. ! 760
WANTED Telegraphers, stenograph
era, bookkeepers; students earr
board, room tuition. Mack ay Busi
ness College. Los Angeles. 789
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Boy for shop work. Apply
Brophy Garage & Supply Co. , 236
LEARN actual autc repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
lng. T. M. C. A, Los Angeles. Cat
alog free.
HELP WANTED Applications foi
"Review" routes asked for from
WIDE AWAKE boys between 13 and
IS years old. 126
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Waitress at Stag Club. 28
WANTED An exeperience chamber
maid. Apply Ozark House. 282
WANTED Girl for general housework
Apply Phone 359. 288
WANTED First class white cook. Ap
ply Mrs. E. E. Ellinwood. ; 231
t
WANTED Middleaged woman t'j dc
cooking and general housework fo:
family of two. Would like refer
ehces as to reputation. Price paid
will be in accordance to ability al
this kind of work. Address Box 1
Naco, Ariz. 228
WANTED Chambermaid.: Victoria
HoteL 157
WANTED Maid for general fc'ouse
wprkj ' Phone 17. T.
Positions Wanted
WANTED Position by experienced
girl in store Or chamber work in ho
tel. M. K. D., Review. 253
WANTED Positions for experience
office girl and stenographer. Y. W
C. A. ' - 25f
WANTED Position in office, 6 year;
experience as bookkeeper. Best o
references. G. E. Williams. Gen. Del
Lowell, Ariz. ' 26:
WANTED Position by practlca"
nurse. Phone Red 478. Mrs. Heath
27(
For Rent
FOR RENT Garage, Quarry Canyon
Close-.in, large enough for two cars
Phone 608. ' 221
FOR RENT Furnished four roon
house, quiet family of adult
preferred: 123 Quarry Canyon. 25:
FOR RENT Four room furnishet
house. Mrs. Hanley. ' 170 Operi j
Drive. 211 i
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
PAT CLEART. painter. Membe
Builders' Exchange. Box 1495. 34'
Money To Loan.
$50,000 to loan on improved city prop
erty or for building, on easy termt
of payment T. A. Hughes, ove
Bank of Bisbee. 69'
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men 'and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building. 16f
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
Would Want to
. 1 II x F II : Vo. ,La-r ' Z
ToDRtscv J JPr-J r Ll SoMeTmiijc V 'OOP LOOK. J II : ' T. ' ,T1,r,w IT PBTt-f- lt
. N.rt-r Try. ?V 1 7lL ... Sf FltiCl ill I CAVJ TOO) IMACIUE HE, II 1. A.. An..... H
y ll p leAl J rw-o jX -sth' !
HEADS THEATERS 1
FOR BOYS IN CAMP
4
Marc Klaw.
Marc Klaw. who has charge of the
risw playhouses ia the army and
r.uvy cactinments. ? about the bmi
f .' theatrical apr.a:i?r in 'he coun
: :it prssent '.;c r.-:.!! present the
c -st )!;i73 ..nil tl. '-nii-iK American
:tors l,ay usr? and the
! j 'e tventy-five
. " ontrtininf?
.i '! l' t.'i s are
' . - -i may rtjjy
. " .ys ou
Nearly Secures Big
Sum By Forgery
H. B. Sansom, who was a bookkeep
er In the Bank of Bisbee for about six
w eeks during the months of July ano
August last is now in custody in Loi
Angeles on a charge of forgery. It
is alleged thai he forged the name ol
the wife of a prominent 'Warren Dis
trict merchant to a check for the sum
of $5,500. The signature on the checV.
was so nearly correct that It was bare
ly detected when it came' from the
Huntington National Bank of Los An
geles for collec'-ion through the Bank
of Bisbee. Cashier Connolly who hap
pened to see the signature called up
the woman and she stated that she had
not signed the check. The bank ir.
Los Angeles was Immediately t'jttfiec
and a search was made for Sansom
He had left Los Angeles and gone tc
San Francisco where he had entered
the army corps. He waa taken back
to Los Angeles. It is not known
whether he secured anything on thf
check or n6t When he was arrested
and taken back to Los Angeles he tolt
a very Hashy tale the dicers. H
designate! Tia Juana as the seat of op
erations of the Germa n spy sycten
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT 5 rooms furnished Clost
' in Suitable for 2 families. Apply tc
Cai'j & Co., 20 Brewery Gulch. 28"
FOR -RENT 2 newly furnished room:
for housekeeping. No children. 3C
Johnson avenue. 26!
FOR RENT 2 light housekeepini
rooms on November 22, 85 Main st
27"
FOR RENT Large furnished houce
' keeping or batching rc'Jins. no hills
Custom House Phone Green 696.
2S'
fOR RENT 2 furnished housekeepln:
Rooms. L. B. Carey, Cochise Row
4 28(
FOR RENT Few rooms newly finish
ed; Ozark Rooming and Boardini
house, for $5.00 per month; ten more
boarders wanted. 71 Brewery Gulch
Bert Clement, proprietor. 25(
vTOOSS HOTEL Furnished roomt
$2.00 per week and up. 401
FOR RENT 2 rooms, nicely furnishec
for housekeeping, Balgay Hjuse, 15
Temby avenue. 29
FOR RENT 2 housekeeping room:
with bath, 105 School HilL 291
FOR RENT 2 newly furnished rooms
Table board if desired. Gas hea;
and privilege of bath. 79 Van Dyk
st. Warren. Mrs. Russell. 29S
FOR RENT Furnished rooms; houst
keeping or batching, 176 Naco Road
Holbrook stop. 216
operating In the southwest part of this
counzry and named the supposed head
of the espionage open tire. He stated
that he was victim of German p.'Jt
ters and asked that the government
give him aid ij clear Mm of "the forg
ery charges. He further declared tha'.
the forgery charge against him was a
frame up to prevent him from disclos
ing his knowledge of the machinations
of the espionage system. He declared
that valuable information has been
constantly carried across the Mexican
border and relayed by secret wireless
stations to Germany.
There is no doubt from the compari
son of the signature on the check and
that of the woman that Samson bad
spent considerable time in practicing
thesignature and discovered that while
he was in the bank that the account
had been standing there for years and
bad not been checked against that it
was a good chance to try and get the
money. He had the exact amount Vf
the accbunt on the check. There is
no doubt but that in the capture of
Samson the officers have arrested a
smooth" artist
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3277. Serial No.
036120. United States Land Office,
Phoenix, Arizona, August 81, 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Alfred
Paul, whose post tfflce address is
Douglas, Arizona, has made applies
lion for patent for the following
named lode mining claims, situate a
'.he Warren Mining DiMnct, Cochi3
County, Arizona: " t
"Don Miguel"
Beginning at Corner Nf). 1, tht
Southeast Corner, whence the Wesi
quarter Corner of Section 30. Town
dblp 23, South, Range 25 East, O. & S
11. B. & M. bears South 85 36' Eas.
!41. feet; thence North 69 39 Wesi
16OO feet along lines 1-6 and 1-3 Sur
ey No. Z244, South Slue and Gold Hil
odes, respectively, to Corner Nt. i
.lie Southwest Corner; iheuce Norr
VI" 2b' Ea?t 467.60 leet to Corner No
4; thence South 68 46' East 664.3i
leet along line 3-2 and 4-5 Survey No
1781 Cave lode and Survey No. 2!4
Jold Hill lode, respectively to Cbrbe.
.vo. 4; thence North 43 52" Ka:!
63.10 feel along lines 2-1 and 1-6 u
Survey No. II 81, Cave lode and Sui
,y N o. 22 i 4. Gold Hill lode, respet
dvely, to Corner No. 5; thence Soul.
.; 38' 30 East 654.30 (eet slon,
lines 3-2 and 6 1 Survey ND. J'J.r3 Bryei
ode and Survey No. Z244 Gold Hil
lode, respectively, to Corner No. $, th
Northeast Corner; v thence South 4
' East Z36.4U lee', to Corner No. 7
Hence South Z2' 25 ' West 3S1.20 fee
u L-oiuer No. L, Ihfj plaec til Uie In
mnin.g containing a total ar-a
17.917 acres. The presumed course o
ihe vein on this claim is from tin
West end center Sonth 69 39 Eas:
1500 feet
"Don Miguel No. 1"
Beginning at'Corner No. 1, the
Northeast Corner, whence the Wesi
quarter Corner of Section 30, Town
ship 23 South, JRange 25 East G. t S
R. B. &. M. bears south 85 37' as
935.1 feet: thence SDuth 32 2f
West 584 feet to Corner No. J. th
Southeast Corner; thence Norm 69
' West 886 reet to Corner No. 3
identical with Corner No. 3 Survey No
J244 South Side lode; thence Nortt
(8 52' West 614.60 reet along lines 3-4
and 1-5, Survey No. 2244, South Sidt
and Survey No. 2188,'Worren lodes
respectively, to Corner No. 4, tht
Southwest Corner; thence North 32
25' East 364 40 feet to Corner No. 6
me Northwest Corner; thence SoutL
69 39' East 1506.40 feet to Cornet
No. 1, the place of beginning; contain
ng a total area of 18.277, acres. Ex
pressly excluding area In conflict
vlth Survey No. 1917, Bangor Lode oi
'.123 acres. The presumed course oi
-be vein on this claim is from the Easi
md center North 68 26' West 1499.!
tet.
, "Don Miguel NT). 2."
Beginning at Corner No. I, tht
Northeast Corner, whence the Wes.
quarter Corner of Section 30, Town
4hlp 23 South, Range 25 East G. & 6
R. B. & M. bears South 84 21' 30
tiast 4235 feet; thence Scuth 32 23'
West 974.10 feet to Corner No. 2, the
Southeast Corner; thence North 59'
18' West 58L40 feet to Corner No. a."
the Southwest Corner; thence Nortt
12 25' East 974..10 feet to Corner No
t, the Northwest Corner; thence
South 59 48' East 581.40 feet to Cor
LEGAL NOTICES.
ner No. 1, the place of beginning; con
taining a total area of 12.992 acres.
fExiressly excluding area in conflict
with Don Miguel No. 1 lode of this bui
' vey, of 0.084 acres, and Suney No.
2019 Little Mary lode of 2.527 acres,
and Don Miguel No. 4 lode of this sur
vey of 0.866 acree. The presumed
course of the vein on this claim It
from, the North end center South 32
25' West 974.1 feet '
-Don Miguel No. J"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the
Southeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30, Town
ship 23 South, Range 25 East O. A &
R. B. & M. bears South 82 16' East
4606.1 feet; thence Mrth 59 48' Wesi
176.80 feet to Corner No. 2, the South
west Corner; thence North 4 49'
West 906.80 feet to Comer No. 8, tht
Northwest Corner; thence South 69'
48' East 176.80 feet to Corner No. 4
the Northeast Corner;; theuce South
4 49' East 906.80 feet to Corner No.
1, the place of beginning; containing
a total area of 3.014 acres. Express!)
excluding area- in conflict with Surve
No. 1953 Bryen lode exclusive of lb
conflict with Survey No. 2244 Blsbt
Quen No. 2 lode tf 1.403 acres. Tht
presumed course of the vein on thU
claim Is from the North end centei
South 4 49' East 906.8 feet.
Don Miguel No. 4."
Beginning at Corner No. 1, tht
Northeast Corner,' whence the We.
quarter Corner of Section 30, Town
ship 23 South, Range 25 East G. ft 8.
R. B. &. M. bears North 75 35' Eas'
J334.5 feet; thence South 51" 17
West 631 60 feet toCorner No. 2, tUi
Southeast Corner; thence North b'i
West 1018.20 feel along line 2o
Survey No. 2244, Bisbee Queen lode i
Corner M. 3; thence North 48 bb
tVest 447 feet to Corner No. 4, th
Southwest Corner; thence North 51
17' East 500 feet to Corner No. 5, tht
Northwest Corner; thence South 6b
ib'. East 1500 teet to(Corner No. i
be place of beginning; containing .'
otai area of 18.913 acres, expressly e
-iuding area in conflict with Surve.
Mo. 2172 Lena lode of 0.043 acres. Tn
resumed course ol the vein on tin
laim is from the East end cente.
sorth 66 65' West 1500 feet
"Don Miguel No. 4."
Beginning at Corner No. 1, tb
itmtheast Comer, whence the Wes
luarter Corner of Section 30, Towii
hip 23 South Jtange 25 East O. & s
. B. & M. bears North 70 23' Eap
1844.8 feet; thence North 87 11' Wt
48 90 feet to Corner No. 2, the SoutL
est Corner; thence North 60 13
vV'est 16.50 feet along lines 1-6 and 2 !
Survey No. 2186 Marquette No. 1 rod
tnd Survey No. 2244 Bisbee Queen Nc
i lode respectively, to Corner No. i
hence North 48" 56' West 1001.00 fee
tlong lines 5 and. 3-4, Survey No
:186, Marquette 1 lode and Survey No
i244, Bisbee Queen No. 3 lode respet
lively, to Ctorner No. 4, the Northwe
Corner; thence South 87 11' Eas
127.10 feet to Corner No. 5, the Noru.
est Corner; thence South 48 6t
tiast 915.30 feet along line 5-6 Surve;
No. 2244 Bisbee Queen No. 3 lode l
Corner No. 6; thence South 56 56
Cast 120.10 fet along line 6-1 Surve;
No. 2244 Bisbee Quen No. 3 lode V
Corner No. 1, 'the place of beginning
containing a total area of 1.849 acre
expressly excluding area In conflic
ith Don Miguel No. 4 of this survt.
of 0.827 acres. The presumed coura
if the vein on this claim Is from tb
South end center North 48 66' Wes
J 1013.1 feet
The locations notices of said claim
re recorded in the office of the Cbun
y Recorder of Cochise County. An
tona, as follows:
"Don Miguel." Book 64 Record o
Mines, pag4 402;
"Don MiKuel Nt. 1." Book 54 Ret
ord of Mines, page 403;
"Don Miguel No 2." Book 54, Recor
of Mines, page 404 r
"Don Miguel No. 3." Book 54. Ret
ord of Mines, page 405;
"Don Miguel NT). 4." Book 64, Re.
,rd of Mines, page 406;
"Don Miguel No. 5," Book 64. Re
ord of Mines, page 407;
The names of the adjoining claim
are: On the north the "Cave," "Be
tie Mary" and "Mascot" lodes; oi
the South, "Edith, ."Lena," "Marquett.
1." "Cora." "Bangor" "Buffalo," "Cli
cus" and "Warren" lodes; on the Eas
'Little Elsie,' "Little Mary" an
"Ocatea" lodes; on the West "Las
Chance" loda.
J. LTlRVIN, Register.
First Publication, Sept. 23, 1917
Last Publication, November 30, 1917
Lodge
BISBEE LODGE. NO. 716.
leets every Friday night Moose Hall,
isitlng brothers cordially Invited.
V. R. TONKIN, Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS,
Meets In Medigovico
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month
Visiting brother weJ
come.
F. D. LANE, Councillor.
I. L. BENTON. Recording Secretary
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED 8TATE8 OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
U O. L. NO. 210.
Meets In L 0.
O. F. Hall first
. and third
MONDAY
at 7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth-
era cordially
Invited to ar
tend.
M.
RO SLEEMAN. W.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie. No. 175, f. O. E, meet
'm and third MONDAYS, 8. p. m.
agles Hll. . Visiters cordially el
me.
ICHARD DAVIS, Presldenc
C. L. EDMONSON. Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' HaU at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
RANK BRUNING. C. C.
J. C. KRIGBAUM, K. of R, 8.
LEGAL NOTICES
021399-026606
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
department of the Interfsr, U. S. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, October
6. 117.
Notice Is hereby given that Casimlr
i. Williams of Ft. Huachuca, Arizona,
vho, on February 24, 1913, made home
tead entry. No. 021399, tcr Nl-2. NE1-4
VI-2 NW1-4. Sec. 34 and Addl H. E
26606, for Sl-2 SE1-4, Sl-2 SW1-4, Sec.
.7. township 22S, range 21E, G. & S. R.
. & meridian, has filed notice of in ten-,
ion to make three year proof, to es- j
ablish claim to the land above dei
icribed, before J. D. Taylor, U. S. Com- i
uissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the I
:1st day of November 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Chester A. Nelson, William A. Lytle,
"arl Carlson, Gerrit Whttefoot, all of
Iereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
?irst Publication, October 16. 1917
'ast Publication, November 20, 1917.
024529.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
department of the Interior. U. S. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona. October
6. 1917. '
Notice is hereby given that Julius
2. Haase, of Hereford, Arizona, who,
n March 4, 1914, made homestead en
ry. No. 024529 for-SEl-4 Section 19.
Township 23S, Range 22 G. S. R.
3. & Meridian, has filed notice of in
ention to make three year proof, to es
ablish claim to the land above de
scribed, before J. D. Taylor, U. S. Com
nissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the
!0th day of November, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Herman Haase, Samuel C. Giles.
Leslie Wilcox, Frank C. Cobbe, all of
Hereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
first Publication, October 16. 1917
Last Publication, November 21. 1917.
IOI V.
15
V
I
I
Notices
WEEK ENDING NOV. 24, 1917.
v or day.
Tut'Sday
Wednesday 2d Degree.
Thursday
Friday
Saturday.
N. C. BLEDSOE, W. M.
a T. W ATKINS. Secy. F. A. M.
A. M. COLWELL. EL H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. L It'
J. E. FRY, E. C.
F a DAVENPORT. Secretary Chapte
and CommiAdery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council.
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No.
453 meets the 1st
and 3rd Monday
of each month at
7:30 at Mftdlfo
vlch HalL Visit
ing members cordially invited.
PHIL. DAVIS, President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722, Tel. 236, Red.
KATHERLNE SALHOLM. Secretary.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brother
cordially invited to attend.
R E WARNER. Exalted Ruler.
T. A. KELLY. Secretary.
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple. No. 3jneeta every 2n
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows' Hall Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
ANNA HART. M. E. C
JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. C
' WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets in Medlgovich Hall 2nd and
4th Fridays of each month.
H ATT IE A. LUKE, Guardian
.PAULINE F. BROWN, Clerk.
P. O. Box 62L
KNIGHT8 AND LADIES OF 8ECUR
ITY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115
Meets every Second and Fourth Sat
urdays in the month at L O. O. F.
hall, 7:30 p. m. Visiting members ar
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID. President P. O
Box 3483, LowelL Arts.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary, IJbweU-
E. LINDQUIST.
Financial Secretary, P. O. Box 3246.
LowelL
BISBEE LODGE, No. 10. I. a O. F.
Meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows HalL
Main street at 7:00 p. m. Visiting
Dromers cordially invited .o a' tend.
Hall phone lis.
GEO. MUNSEY, N. G.
C. D. KTRBY, Secretary.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first and third
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
in Medlgovich HalL All
visiting R erf Men Invited
to attend.
Wm. DELBRlDGE. Sachem.
W. D. COHEN, Medicine Man.
F. C. FENDERSON, C of H.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbe Camp No. 13416.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows HalL
R. L. MOTZ. Cont'd.
H. F MA.THEWSON.
Clerk.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Ha!
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meets
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of eaC
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS. W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box 841. Bisbee.
MRS JESSE BEVAN. Secy. P. O. Box
2299, Chairman Relief Com. Phone 16L
WOODMEN OF THE WOLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy HaU.
.11. C. LANDAU, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen Invited.
BrC A. VOir.MT EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 20, 1917.
The
LAST TIME TODAY
Continuous From 1 to 1 1
THOS. H. INCE'S GREAT ALASKAN DRAMA, IN SEVEN WONDERFUL ACTS GREATER THAN "THE SPOILERS
LAME OF TH
YUKON
FA CLE
THEATRE
It
HE
WITH DOROTHY DALTON
as the Flame, a woman without a conscience, daring enough to do as she chooses She is the triumphant Queen of the Alaskan Dance Halls
she falls for the man sh tries to trim.
-A Vampire A woman of Fire Then comes the Stranger and
tm im The Great Fight between the Stranger and the King of the Alaskan Dance Hall lhe reproduction ot Nome, A!asa, in the days ot the gold rush UU people Scores ot t-skimos and
Bk R ' M ... .. T . ..... . . .. .iiiii . ii in. r 1. .1 l.. I I
it j VH tneir teams enact their part in this great scene. Many thrilling episodes enacted in the hall by miners, gramblers and all types or men wno try meir iuck over tne rouieue wneei.
w j-. MOST OF ALL, SEE THE GREATEST THRILLING ADVENTURE DRAMA hVLK MAD hi.
ITS GREA T," WE SAY, "ITS GREAT?
ADMISSION CHILDREN, 15c ADULTS, 25c
ADMISSION CHILDREN, 15c ADULTS, 25c
ADMISSION CHILDREN, 15c ADULTS, 25c
L
Orpheum Theatre
THE PICK 0.7 THE WORLD IN PHOTOPLAYS
TONIGHT Commencing 6:15 P. M. TONIGHT
THE GREATER VITAGRAPH PRESENTS
MARY ANDERSON AND ALFRED WHITMAN
IN
THE FLAMING
WILLIAM FOX PRESENTS AN ALL-STAR CAST IN
LOVE AND LOGS
A FOX FILM COMEDY
ADMISSION 10 AND 15 CENTS
OMENS
City Briefs
Has anyone rlsited you? Or
have you entertained? If bo, call
tbe Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, Phone 39.
THIS IS THE WEATHER FOR IT
Edward Harris of Laundry Hill is
confined to his home at this time with
a bad attack of the grippe.
of purchasing stockings for the little
French orphaus for Christmas. The
money was collected by the school
children of Tombstone.
BOUNDING UP WITNESSES
Deputy sheriffs were busy yesterday
rounding up the witnesses that will be
required to go to Tucson on Novem
ber 23rd in the case of the State vs A
S. Embrfe charged wi;h inciting riot.
There are about twenty names on the
! subpoenas.
I TEACHERS' EXAMINATION
i The regular quarterly teachers' ex-
animation will be held at the high
fCEN
TUAL THEATRE
TONIGHT
Starting at 6:15
TONIGHT
THOS. EDISON FRESENTS
WENT TO TOMBSTONE
ll0Ton1oi Inrmv wnfl Jn mitpninp
i .vi s school building In Tombstone the first
passenger for Tonibst'one this morning, z, . ,x
. v. . x...r .v. ,, '-Monday and Tuesday of December
!perior court today. (December 3 and 4). All 'applicants
per,or tuurl luua- Bi;ouid notify Miss Elsie To!es, coun-
i ty school superintendent, promptly.
' RETURNED HOME I
! Mrs. F. H. Fisher has returned lo
j her home in Douglas after spending a i
i week here with her mother, who is a
! patien: in the Copper Queen ho.-pital.
j THROUGH TO TOMBSTONE j
i Frank Dtrnn, the Douglas lawyer was j
I in the city yesterday on his way to
I Tombstone where he was called on
business before tbe superior court. j
QVGEof NATURE
WITH MUGGSY M'GRAW, OF THE NEW YORK GIANTS, IN THE CAST
A HUMAN INTEREST STORY OF THE PRESENT DAY
ONET
Admission 10 and 15 cents.
Admission 10 and 15 cents.
MAC R FTI IRNPn
Miss Sue McDcrmitt has returned
from an extended visit' to relatives in
Butte, Montana, and again expects to
make tier home in this district She
was formerly employed in the office
department of the Phelps Dodge store.
She is a sister of Mrs. Harry Sealey.
AS WITNESSES
C. & A. DEFEATED
The C. & A. football team
' with a n'otice not to open until Christ
! mas is the warning of the season sent
! out yesterday by lhe postoffice depart
I ment. This year will see ohe largest
! Christmas mail in the history of the 1
1 country with less surplus transporta-1
j tion facilities' than at any time since
i the civil war. Box cars have been
went1 pressed into service for the transpor-
Royal Theatre
SPECIAL TONIGHT
VAUDEVILLE' Amateur VAUDEVILLE
4-BIGACTS 4
SOMETHING NEW SOMETHING DIFFERENT
Headed With the Ccmedy Sensation
MUTT AND JEFF
In Real Life Just a They Acpear Heading the Big Road Show
IF YOU CANT GET A SEAT, ITS YOUR OWN FAULT THE
ANSWER IS COME EARLY
SPECIAL VARIETY PICTURE PROGRAM
TRAPPING OF TVO BIT TUTTLE"
'THAT TRIANGLE STUFF'
Two Part George Ade Comedy
"WORLD LIBRARY NO. 11" '
"AN ATTORNEY'S AFFAIRS"
Sparkle Comedy in One Act
ADMISSION ALWAYS THE SAME 10 AND 15 CENTS
And the War Tax Uncle Sam Says Collect
j Quite a number of Warren District : uuw" l" uelc"- ' neu eSmUa,W.i ui s..l., u.c
i people left this morning for Tomb-!at the hands of a team from the 11th 'gifts all will be moved from centers in
istcne where they were summoned to : eld artillery by a score of 30 to 7.1 cari'jad lots and nothing less to get the
! appear as witnesses In the superior; The game with other athletic sports I maximum amount of goods moved.
'court in the case of Tyson vs Tyb'on. as given for the benefit of the warj '
(camp recreation fund. Quite a nice! WILL VISIT HERE
little sum was realizes. , Connressman and Mrs. Carl Havden
phone there in case of stolen cars as ; time and later went to work for John
they take that road in preference to 1 C. Green way as his private seere:ary
tbe roads through Bisbee and Tomb-; which position she hld until he left
stone where they kn'jw there is com-'for service in France. Miss Coombs
munication. ' j is a particularly clever and capable
I young woman, and it is generally be-
HAS RETURNED ' J lieved that her offer will be accepted
and that she will soon be doing her bit
across the sea. ,
I
, TAKEN TO TOMBSTONE
have left Phoenix for California after a
I several week's stay.
WAS IN CITY -
J. T. Kingsbury and family were in
the city Sunday on a short visit i'j
Mrs. Kingsbury's parents, Mr. and ilrs. ! Ashln Omr, who was arrested some j ler conKress adjourned, following their
C. W. Hicks. They returned to tbei" M ago on a charge or transporting ; US)Uai custom, the Ilaydens hastened
home at Tombstone, Sunday ev-jiir? oxieating liquor, was take- to I home, passing a short time in Camp
Tombstone yesterday. He had been j KunsiVm- en route to Arizona. Their
held here as he expected to be able fjj visit with the local boys in camp will
give bond but it was not forthcoming i te continued tomorrow at Camn Kear-
and he will now
superior court.
be tried before the ;
EXPECTED HOME
Mayor Eiiekson and family are ex
: pected home today from Phoenix
' where they have been for the past ten
days. They left Phoenix on Satur- '
day lor Globe and the Roosevelt dam HAS RETURNED
and expeci. to arrive here foday. F're Chief Barney Norton has re-
turued from Phoenix where he , went
'MARRIED IN TUCSON ' attend the annual meeting of the
J. L. Wilkinson of this city and Miss! fire chiefs of the sta:e. He states
L. L. Fisher also of Bisbee. were roar- i that tue meeting was well attended
ried in Tucson 'on Sunday. The lie-! nd thal Douglas was given the honor!
ney. Returning from California they
will pass a few days at Yunia, Bisbee,
Douglas and Tucson before the open
ing of congress in December will ne
ces3ita:e their retnrn to Washington.
FROM RANCH
Jack Ashworth. better known as
"Happy Jack" was in the city yester
day from his ranch on the road be-
store has returned from Phoenix where i
he went to attend he annual meeting j -
of the Wholesale Dealers of the state. ; VAS IN PHOENIX
Mr. Campbell was re-elected secretary i Hen. E. E. Ellinwood of Bisbee.
and treasurer of that organization. He j who has been on a visit to Flagstan',
states that the meeting was well a:-! his old home, reached Phoenix on
tended and that the wholesale grocers ' Saturday last to remain during the
throughout the state are doing every- j fa'r. says the Phoenix Messenger. He
thing in their power to assist the gov-! 'still thinks the sky-high town is the
Immediately af-iernmen; in iU fojd conservation cam-i test in the state. Mr. Ellinwoo
paign. The meeting was addressed by j bas a son who is with the army ia
Uoogre Snialley, the representative of Fiance. The young man paid his own
Federal Food Administra. or Riordian r fare purchase-! his ciothing and
for the state of Arizona and also by H. j worked a month for France at a cents
D. Aiken or Prescott, who has been ap- per day bpfore GenerRl Pershing went
pointed merchant representative of the over te became a part of the
food administration who pointed ut :o American unit and he now draws reg
them that it was their duty to disemi-: ular salary the Mme a9 our other so,.
nate information and assist in the dis- died3 He runs an anlra.lnItion trjck
uiUuuWlUu.,u,.,.u.u!Fun.-iJn1 ppt3 preUy cjose to the ,j.le9
ganaa airec.eu to tne retau grocer.
The meeting agreed to tender taeir ;
hearty support in the matter.
;enae was issued out of the clerk's of- f entertaining thatjbody of men nextjtween Hereford and Ramsey Canyon
I fice there on Saturday. j year- Mr- Norton was honored by the j ne is trying to get telephone t'jnnec
BACK FROM EL PASO
Fred Cowan bas returned
Business Locals
Expert paper Danger ana painter. C
J. CrandL Phone 456. Box 150. 580
lI MADAM r.iRNFV -
Reads your destiny. Call before
making changes or new investments.
In a tent across from Cebtral Theatre.
Adv-47
Regular Tuesday night dances will
be resumed at Graves' Dancing Acad
emy, Brophy Hall, Lowell, commenc
ing, November 20. Invitations may be
obtained from committee or- at door.
Instructions given daily. Adv-204
THE PIE SHOP.
(Opposite Masonic Temple.)
On Wednesdays (wheatless days)
try our corn bread and Fridays' (meat
less days) oyster patties. At any and
all times, see us for home made cooked
! meeting by being elected secreiary fortion from there to the outside world.
! the eusuing year. j The line of ;he Huachuca Water Ccm-
from ai ' pany from Tombstone to the reservoir
trip to Fort Bliss, near F.l Paso, where! DEFEATS SOLDIERS runs within a half a mile of his place
he went to spend a few days with his i The Lowell Athletic Club football j aiid if an extension was run to that
brother Nye, who is with the quarter- tfan defeated a. team from the 11th I ranch it would be of a great conven
masrer's department as a teamster.! fie,(1 artillery at Douglas Sunday arter-j fence fj not only the many settlers in
He enlisted a few months ago. ' noon by a score of t0 6- Tne Lowell ' that section but also to parties who
j team has just been organized and has1 might break down while traveling
LARGE CONTRIBUTION ; hopes of capturing the silver cup of- through and also to officers who could
Vina .Ttilia Avtoll vpcterrinv sent nv. I fered for the charap'on team of the
district, which nas oeen onerea Dy
Sain Morgenstern, the Lowell mer
chant. -' .
He writes, his father thst from the
plight of German prisoners that coun-
j try is about all in, as they seem glad
to get captured and fed. Their shoes
are worn out and clothes in tatters.
OFFERS HER SERVICES '
Miss Winifred Coombs, who has jsut
returned ffnm a viair in Vtpr fnnnpr
hnrnn In Phru.niv ar,A f tho urato f-iir ' RETAILERS, ATTENTION f
ha3 offered her services to the country ! WASHINGTON, Nov. 19. Retail
in the way that she can be helpful, 1 dealers were ordered by the food d
and is ready :o sail for France at a j ministration today to stop making
moments' notice. She Ls an expert ste-', sales that reqftire customers to pur
nographer and typist, and is ready to . chase other goods to obtain a certain
go abroad at her own expense and ren-1 commodity. On all sales of sugar,
der war service without pay. She bas ; however, the dealer may require one
been a resident l the Wairen District! to buy twice the weight of corn meat
for a number of years, was librarian 1 This practice, the administration
in the Copper Queen library for some holds, 'might lead to wasteful buying.
er from Tombstone ?20 for the purjtose
pastries.
Adv-83
PRIVATE SANITARIUM.
Call Black 573 for terms, etc.
Advertlsement-974
Better put that flue m before it gets
cold. Call Mainland & Williams,
phone 302. Shop rear Orpheum. All
GET IT
What you pay fbr. Lowell Paint
Shop. Phone 701, Box 3994, Lowell.
Satisfaction guaranteed. Adv.-202
SOLDIERS AND SAILORS
The relatives and friends of all sol
diers and sailors from the Warren Dis
trict are requested to send the names
and addresses to Mrs. R. B. Callison, P.
O. Box 3672 Lowell. Phone Red 522.
We wish tti reach tbem ill on Thanks
giving and Christmas day. WARREN
DISTRICT SOLDIERS' COMFORT AS
SOCIATION. Adv-213
Hard timfc party at K. C. Hall, Wed
nesday night, November 21. Refresh
ments; all welcome, by the Catholic
Ladles. Adv-221
Lowell Camp No. 46. W. O. W., will
give a Thanksgiving dance, Thursday.
November 29, at Brophy hall. Good
music, and everybody invited. Adv233
Y. W. C.
Phone 414.
Employment Bureau.
Adv-249
Frultman Fashionable Ladies' Tailor
specializing in women's suits. Furs ol
every descriptlbn relined and reuo'
eled. Phone Black 798, opposite Y. M
C. A. Aiv-76(
It will pay you to nave ys check the
electrical system on your car. Lob
man Wright, LowelL Adv360
L. L. Gilman sells the New Edison
"the phonograph with a soul."
kinds of sheet metal work. Adr-136
s R. R. WATCH INSPECTORS
Prompt repairing, careful workman
ship, courteous treatment. Lowell
Jewelry Sbtop. Adv. 886
MADAM J. REA KEYS
At the St. Regis Hotel,
Room 10. Lowell, Arizona.
PHRENOLOGIST & ASTROLOGlST
The greatest living
dained medium and
FETV OF FOES' LARGEST SHELLS DEMOLISH A VILLAGE
WILL BE INVESTIGATED
All those who have refused to sign
the l'jod pledge card will be given an
opportunity to explain their reason to
the United States department of jus
tice. The names of those who have
refused ' to sign the card have been
spiritually or- j handed over to the intelligence depart
crystal reader. ' nient and the matter of investigating
your entire life. If you dobut my abi
lty, call and I will give you positive
When your tooth aches, see a den-; evidence in your own life. 1 am not to
tisL When your battery is ailing, see! be compared with fortune tellers and
Without asking questions I will read the slackers will be handled by the de
battery experts,
tion, Ltiwell.
Willard Service Sta-Adv.-360
ROCKHILL'S STAGE.
Bisbee-Tombstone, Leaves Bisbee
Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a. m., 1:30 p. m. 7
passenger cars. Careful drivers.
Phone, Bisbee 5. Adv
Dr Playfair. Osteopath. 98 Masbn
Mil. Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647.
dr. 231
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
Stage Line.
Tbe original Tombstone stage leave
laily at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
.'ochlse Motor Co.. Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. Night tele
phone. Green 368. n.
. (Advertisement)
such like, impostors wht prey uprn
the public with their unprincipled
methods. Engagement hours daily
and Sunday, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Advertisement-208
'f vru nefd a tinner call Mainland &
Williams, Phone 302. Shop in rear of
Orpheum.
Adv.-134
When you need a plumber call Main
land & Williams, Phone 302. Shop in
rear of Orpheum.
TAG DAY FOR FRENCH WOMEN
AND CHILDREN, NOV. 20 and 21.
Mrs. M. E. M Frantzen, state chair
man at Bank t Bisbee; Mrs. A. T.
Hoy a: Ore, O. K. st.; Mrs. O. N. Al
vin, Jiggorville; Mrs. W. J. Spaulding,
Lowell; Mrs. John Chain, Tombstone
Canyon, Warren, Cochise and Baker
ville; Mrs. A. F. McKinney and Mrs.
Bell, Orpheum theatre; Miss Moyer, Y.
W. C. A.. A special request is asked
for the school girls to assist in the tag
day after school hours. The tags may
be had from chaperones. All moneys
to be turned in to their chaperones.
Adv.-278
partment of justice representatives at
once. f
FROM TUCSON
I P It lfflfpr Htatrlft fnmmprrinl
manager of the Western LTnion Tele
graph company has been in the ci'.y
for the past two days on business tvn-
nec;ed with the company. He has
charge of the District of Arizona and
makes his headquarters in Tucson. He
was formerly connected with the E. P.
I & S. W. railroad company and was
! thnn IrnAU-n V r tYta i nlnmAi 1 13 V U .
IV 1 1 V- TV ii U J LUG ijailimv a
qui."
of
VOICE TEACHER.
Mrs. Mary M. Welch, teaclifr
voice, pupil of Signor Rondlnella, de
Campi and others. Studio Room 7.
Maze building. Mondays and Tburs-
Adv-135 days, 2 to 6 o'clock. Adv-285
TAKEN TO EL PASO
Cashier T. R. Brandt, of the First
Na :ional Bank of Tombstone, was yes
terday taken to El Paso, from Tomb
stone where he will undeigo another
operation for the Wounds he received
about two weeks ago when Fred Koch
shot him In his attempt to hold up the
bank in Tombstone. Mr. Brandt's con
dition has not been bo well sinre he
was removed to Tombs jne and it was
found necessary to again take him to
the hospital.
MAIL PACKAGES EARLY
Mall your Christmas packages for
the east about December 10th or 15th
fit
H ?C
How several boclie shells left a small French town.
i
The little village of Arthie, France, is an example of how many small French towns have teen a'.mcst com-
Eletcly devastated by ft few of the enemy's largest shells. An idea of the tremendous damage that can be done
y one of the largest type of shell now in use may be seen in the ruined buildings and in the large crater in the
center of the village, excavated in an instant by the explosion of single giant shell.