MARKETS.
NEW YORK CITY.
Average Price of Cop
per for week ending,
June 30, 30.083.
WEATHER.
Arizona Thurs day
and Friday fair; not
much change in tem
perature. Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 20. NO. 17.
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JUNE 28, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
. .. ,. ... - .. .. . ... . . . . s. l-Nc,fJJaa ......
THOUSANDS OF SEASONED
U. 5. SOLDIERS READY FOR
Troops That Have Seen Service In Mexico, Haiti And Santo
Domingo Are First To Reach War Zone Under Cam
mand of Major General Sibert; American Forces Are
Expected To Prove, Great Aid To Allies; Transporting
of Contingent Shows Nation's Military Ability.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINTGON, June 27. The advance guard of the
miohtv armv the United States is preparine to send
against Germany is on French soil tonight. In defiance
of the German submarines, thousands of seasoned regulars j
and marines, trained fighting men with the tan of long service j
on the Mexican border or in Haiti or San Domingo still on their ,
faces, have been hastened overseas to fight beside the French, !
the British, the Belgian, the Russian the Portuguese and the;
Italian troops on the western front. I
News" of the safe arrival of the troops sent a new thrill ;
through Washington. No formal announcement came from
the war department. None will come probably until Major !
General Pershing's official report has been received. Then j
there may be a statement as to the numbers and composition j
of the advance guard. i
Press dispatches from France, presumably sentforward ,
with the approval of General Pershing's staff, show that Major
General Sibert, one of the new major generals of the army,
has been given command of the first force sent abroad, under
General Pershing as commander in chief of the expedition.
American Troop Movements Kepi Secret
One thing stand out sharply, d-' uPn them. The troops will be fed,
spite the fact that the size or the task clothed, artned and equipped by the
that has been accomplished is not United States. Around them at the
fully revealed as yet. This Is that ! camp on French soil tonight are being
American enterprice has set a new
record for the transDortatlon of;
troops
Considering the distance to be cov
ered and the fact that all preparations : beCn DUBy f0r days preparing for the
had to be made after the order came . arrival of the men. Despite the enor
f rom the white house the night of ; mous difficulties of unpreparedness
May 18, It Is practically certain that an j submarine dangers that faced
never before has a military expedition ; tnem the plans of the army general
of this size been assembled, convoyed I 8taff have gone through with clock
and landed without mishap in so short : uke precision.
a time by any nation. It is a good, when the order came to prepare Im
augury of future achievements. The 1 mediately an expeditionary force to
only rival in magnitude Is the move- go to France, virtually all of the men
ment of British troops to South Africa now across the seas were on the Mexl
in the Boer war. and that was mad can border. General Pershing himself
over seas that were unhampered bywa8 at j,is headquarters in San An
submarines. mines, or other obstacles. ' tonj0. There were no army transports
Pershing Busy. available In the Atlantic. The vessels
The American forces will be a net that carried the troops were scattered
gain to the allies. It will throw no ; 1
single burden of supply or equipment, (Continued , on Page Five)
STRIKE SEIIIHEIIT
IS MING IK CUBE
'Pv Rview Leased Wire.)
GLOBE, Ariz., June 27. The trend
of Trades Crafts continues in meetings
thi sweek to alignment irrevocably
against support of or sympathy with
any agitation or strike movement.
Backing the attitude of the crafts,
is the growing expression on the part
of citizens in every line of endeavor
of determination to go to extreme
measures if necessary to convince the
few imported non-workers who have
been engaged in trying to stir trouble
here that they cannot get by with such
conduct in a loyal American commun
ity during a war period.
The electricians, trainmen, boiler
makers and. several other crafts have
cVcl.) red their attitude against strike
propaganda. Indication are that by
the end of the week all of the crafts
will decide to join In a joint resolution
to the same effect, which shall have
standing throughout the war.
Another factor which is being tak-
en cognizance of by conservative men
and not a few of the radicals In dis-
trict is the known shortage of mine,
mill and smeHer supplies. Inability to NEWSPAPER MAN NAMED !
of the companies to get deliveries 01 PERSHING'S INTERPRETER, j
these supplies in sufficient quantity j
dpring the present month will be re- j (Bv Review Leased Wire.)
sponsible for a materially less copper MARLBOROUGH. Mass.. June 27. 1
output than had been expected. Sim- 'Alvin F. Sanborn, tor many years cor-1
ilar shortage of supplies, due to car
shortape. prevails with all of the
mines of the state and is recognized as
making a situation that may compel
some of them to close down, strike or
no strike, at almost any time. Strike
likelihood has greatly waned here dur
ing the week.
stored supplies that win keep them
going for months, and more will
follow.
Geperal Pershing and his staff have
AMERICAN CONTINGENT
FRANTICALLY CHEERED
(By Review Leaded Wire.)
A FRENCH SEAPORT. June 27.
The second contingent of American
troops arrived and disembarked this
morning.
The troops landed amid the frantic
cheers of the people who had gather
ed for hours before in anticipation of
duplicating yesterday's ' surprise.
Enthusiasm rose to fever pitch when
it was learned that the transports and
convoys had successfully passed the
submarine zone. The port was speed
ily beflagged in honor of the occasion
All troops who arrived were trans
ferred to a camp not far distant from
this point, where Major General Will
lam L. Sibert is installed. All the
troops are in excellent shape, enthu
siastic over the successful trip and
their reception and ?ager for action.
The harbor is dofted with convoys.
The streets are filled with soldiers in
khaki and blue jackets. Great num-
bers of trucks are transporting 1m
mense supplies to the camp in which j
the troops are concentrating.
' respondent at Paris for American i
newspapers was notified at his home
here today of his appointment as chief
, interpreter at General Pershing's
headquarters In France. He left im
; mediately for New York. He served
in the French army for'two years until
.discharged for physical reasons.
First Day of Strike Passes
Citizens and Business Men
Condemn Action of I. W. W.
' In Calling Strike As Treason
T
"HE following resolutions concerning the strike were adopted at
a meeting of the Citizens' Protective League:
WHEREAS, a strike has been called by the I. W. W's to en
force untimely demands against the Mining Companies of the
Warren District, and
WHEREAS, the action of that organization is in direct opposition
to the counsel and advice given all union labor by our Secretary of
Labor, Mr. W. B. Wilson, who has urged that no demands be made
at this time which would embarrass our government by causing strikes
which would interfere with the full and efficient operation of all our
industries, and
WHEREAS, the rate of wages in this camp, and the working con
ditions, are the best to be found in the United States, leaving no ex
cuse for dissatisfaction, trouble or strikes, and
WHEREAS, the entire trouble has been started by a small num
ber pf irresponsible men . who have recently drifted into this camp
for the avowed purpose of causing trouble and embarrassment to our
government by tieing up a large unit of its much needed copper output,
many of these, men not being employed here, unless by an alien en
emy, and these efforts are not only confined to the Warren District
but are state wide and even more, affecting many industries engaged
in the production of materials necessary for the prosecution of the
war.
NOW THEREFORE, be it resolved: 1st that the Citizens' Pro
tective League, numbering in its membership more than one thousand
of the leading business men and citizens of this district, hereby con
demns the action of the I. W. W's in unmeasured terms as entirely
uncalled for by reason of wages paid or working conditions, and as
treason to our government.
2nd. That we place our undivided support with the government
and those men who want to work and hereby cull upon fl loyal Amer
ican Citizens of the District, and all liberty loving and law-abiding
' inhabitants thereof, to join us in an earnest effort to stoo this strike
and restore jpur community to its wanted peace and tranquility.
3rd. W e heartily endorse the stand taken by our patriotic sheriff,
Harry C. Wheeler, and offer him our united support in maintaining his
stand, as published in the local morning paper, to guarantee to all
men their constitutional rights as citizens in the peaceful pursuit of
their daily labor.
. THE-CITIZENS' PROTECTIVE LEAGUE
MARINES SI Air TO WAR AS
COMRADES PLAY BASEBALL II
TOTAL IGNORANCE OF ACTIVITY
(By Review Leased Wire.)
N
EW. YORK,. June. 27. So
quietly did a regiment of
marines included in that
part of the Pershing expedi
tion which already has landed in
France slip a nay from the League
Island Nay Yard that i sailor base
ball team at practice on the pa
rade ground did not know that
2.700 men under command of Col,
Charles A. Doyen were on their
way to the battle front. No drums
or bugles sounded and the only
ceremony which attended the
leave-taking was a brief speech to
the officers by Major General
George Barhett, commandant of
the corps. The story of their
quiet march from the barracks
was released here today.
Marines Urged To Uphold
Traditions Of Their Corps.
At 2:30 o'clock on the afternoon
of their departure the baseball
plapers had the parade ground all
ot themselves and no' one was In
sight on the street in front of the
home of the post commander.
Major General Barnett and a
little group of officers assembled
on the parkway beside the surb.
The company officers of the bat
talion stepped out in front of Ma
jor General Barnett and saluted.
For half a minute the corps com
mandant addressed them. He
,spoke in an every day conversa
tional which could not be heard
a dozen yards away, and the mes
sage was simply that he trusted
that the marines who were setting
out that day to be under General
Pershing, would staunchly uphold
the high traditions of the corps.
Squads March Swiftly
Away to Transport
The officers saluted and march
ed back to their places. The bat
talion stood at rigid attention for
a moment Then with a snap,
rifles jumped to shoulders, squads
swung into column formation and
the line passed swiftly down the
street to the gate of the navy yard.
No cheering crowd greeted the
men as they emerged at the gate
way; only a handful of civilians
saw them board a train of day
coaches for an Atlantic port- The
sun-browned fighting men. all vet
erans of campaigns In Haiti and
San Domingo, waved their hats
from the windows as the train
pulled out, but neither i they nor
their friends indulged in any
cheering.
The departure of this first bat
talion had not stirred the least
ripple of excitement in the navy
yard. Half an hour or so later
another battalion marched briskly
down the same street and formed
in the parade ground. The blue
jacket nine was still at its baseball
pracitce. A third battalion form
ed and stacked arms in front of
the barracks.
Battalions Leave Before
Comrades Discover Move.
Presently without so much as a
bugle note for warning, the two
battalions picked up their arms
and sidled out of sight of a screen
of shade trees.
A quarter of an hour later a ru
mor came to the bluejacket play
ers that the marines were board
ing ship. The jackie beside the
home plate dropped his bat and
ran down toward the street, his
team mates close behind him. But
they were too late to catch even
a glimpse of the rear guard.
Attempting to Save
Flagship of Dewey
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEWPORT. R. I., June 27. The
orulser Olymoia from which Admirfl
Dewey directed the battle of Manila
Bay was stripped today of her am- eral days, the atteuipt was unsuccess
munition. supplies and of other stores ful. ,.
and fittings in an attempt to make
easier .her position on the shoal off
Block Island, where she ran aground
during a fog yesterday morning. It
was believed there was little hope of
early salvage. Wrecking vessels lay
1 alongside tonight.
WOOL REACHEST HIGHEST
PRICE IN HISTORY
j PORTLAND, Ore., June 27 Sixty
five thousand pounds of wool were
sold here today to Boston interests at
72 cents a pound, said to be the high-
1 est price ever paid for wool in the
' state. In past years the price had av-
j eraged 40 cents.
All Married Men
Not Exempt From
Military Service
(Rv Review Leased Wirei !
WASHINGTON. June 27. Rigid ad-,
herence to the polio? laid down in thej
national army selective draft law ofj
placing the question of exemptions in j
the hands of local boards is expected;
to characterize the exemption regula-j
tions to be made public by the war
department in a few days. j
As a matter of course no man with '
serious physical defects will be called
upon for service. Married men will
not be exempted as a class. In class,
the object of the board will be deter-)
mined whether the dependency of;
wife, children or other relatives upon i
any man is so complete as to warrant j
his rejection as a soldier. j
PITIFUL STORY OF
ETERNAL TRIANGLE
IS TOLD AT INQUEST f --ikou, wrp?r,
; I he arrival of Sheriff Harry C. Wheeler, in the early aft
High School Teacher Held Re- ernoon with the promise that his statement, made public Tues
soonsi'cle B y Coroner's 1 av n'gnt would be his policy in treating with the local situ--jiiry
For Killing Wife of ton was e outstanding feature. Sheriff Wheeler is still ir
The Man Whom She Loved 'Bisbee and will make this camp his headquarters until tn
present trouble abates.
w JtkhItIYTt'" mi,. tKan fiftv Per cent of the ners in the Wa-
WAUKESHA, Wis.. June 27. Miss p.. . j 1 1 i 11
Grace Lusk, high school teacher, today Lhstrict remained at work yesterday, though last evening th
was held responsible by a coroner's was a smaller number, proportionately, which appealed fc
jury ior tne aeatn iasi inursaay 01
Mrs. Mary Uewman Roberts, wife of
Dr. Davd Roberts, for love of whom
Miss Lusk shot his wife and then at
tempted suicide. The jury held that
Mrs. Roberts "came to her death as a
result of two pistol shots from a
special calibre, automatic pistol," and
directed that "Miss Grace Lusk be Shattuck-Arizona, owing to the walk
held for trial for such shooting. j out, was closed yesterday morning
Dr. Roberts was asked: ! 8nd was not reopened last night. The
"What did Miss Lusk ask you to tell j pumps and compressors were still
your wife.?" j working, however. The other mines
"That she was infatuated with me," ! were not go seriously affected and
the doctor testified in response. j maintained working forces in every
A letter dictated to Dr. R. E. Davies j shaft
after Miss Lusk had shot Mrs. Roberts j Early yesterday morning the pick
and herself was introduced in evi-! et8 f the I. W. W. started their work,
dence. The letter said Dr. Roberts i They were posted on the down town
told Miss Lusk repeatedly that he lov- i streets of Bisbee, at the postoffice,
ed her and her only; that he had j depot and at other points where men
sworn his love for her on a bible. ; on tnejr way to work were llkt-ly to
Miss Lusk continued in the letter k pnrountered. In manv ca? niFT.
that she had threatened to end all if
the doc'or didn't, love her.
Dr. Davies testified that Miss Lusk
naa toiu mm mat ur. KODerts was ae-
ceivmg Dom women, ur. wuvies con -
tinued. Miss Lusk, he said further,
had told him that Mrs. Roberts had
exasperated her into shooting when
she said that Dr. Roberts had de
scribed Miss Lusk as an old fool who
; was chasing him. "she calle4 me such
. names that I could not do anything but
shoot her," Miss Lusk continuel to Dr.
j Davies. he said. Chief of Police McKay
: testified that Miss Lusk had said at the
1 hospital she was sorry for what she
! had done.
EL TIGRE MINE IS
FORMALLY TAKEN OVER
BY SONORA OFFICIALS
I (By Review Leased Wire.)
j DOUGLAS, June 27. The Sonora
; state government formally took over
' the property f the El Tigre Mining
company, 70 miles southeast of Doug
las, today, and attempted to operate
, the mine and mill. Owing to the fact
that power for the plant is conveyed
from here by a transmission line and
the "juice" had been shut off for sev-
Arrivals from Hermosillo today said
General P. Elias Calles, wh'j assumes I
office as governor of Sonora Friday.
will make adjustment of the difflcul-'
ties between the managers of El Tigre
and Cananea and their employes his :
first official work. .
;
RED CROSS FUND MAY
TOTAL 115 MILLIONS
WASHINGTON. June 27. New re-
ports from small cities and towns Just
starting campaigns to swell the Red
Cross fund above its present estlmat
ed total of $115,000,000 reached head-
quarters here today and Mcouraged
officials to hope that the tptal may be
I Increased by many millions.
Without
FIFTY PERCENT OF
DEPORT T
ADMITS I.U AFFILIATION
,
I ShattUCK Closes Down But
Kept Running; Only Excitement In District Is Caused
By Pickets, Who Prevent Many Men From Going To
Work; Sheriff Takes Charge of Situation And Promises
That All Will Be Given Their Rights.
iw
1TH no disturbances and
the strike called by the
t passed on very quietly, out tor the crowds on tho
j downtown streets and the pickets which worked in the ear'y
, worlc a the various sharta in
. . . .1 . . , . ,
uic succia mai cigmy cum mueiy per cent 01 inc men wrf
out was proven false by comparison with timekeepers she'
in the local offices of the mining companies.
Small Leasers Forced
; with their lunch buckets were stopped
: and turned back. Intimidation and
' fear of the pickets is said to have
; caused this action cn the part of many
; of tne employes who did not report
: for 0rk.
i in twpii nrt arnnnH th var.nn .
& A. properties the same tactics were
pursued and a number of men were
persuaded from going to their work at
the mines. '
Higgins Mine company was forced
to suspend operations, as was also the
Night Hawk Leasing tympany, the
INTERNATIONAL PLANT j PATRIOTIC SUNDAY
RESUMES OPERATIONS; URGED BY PRESIDENT
I
(By Review Leased Wire.) WASHINGTON". June 27. Fatrio- c
SALT LAKE, Utah. July 27. Opera-' Sunday is to be oberved nex Sum! iv
tion of part of the International Smelt-: in all the Sunday schools of the Unit
ing plant at Tooele was resumed to-'ed States in response to an appeal by
day but the number of men who re-' President Wilson to observe that day
turned to work has not been given out by -generous giving to the Red Cross.
The company is paying an increase of. President Wilson in his letter said:
20 cents a day, it is said. The deel-1 To the officers, teachers and scbo'ars
s ion to undertake the reopening of the of the Sundrty schools of the Unitrd
plant was reached early this morning S'ates of America:
following a meeting of the mine own- The present ins'stent call of ot be
ers who ship ores to the Tooele sihel- loved country must be beard and ans-
ters who had refused, to join the smelt-
Ing company In paying part of the
wages of the smelter employes. The
mines were asked to pay one-half of
the demanded Increase of 50 cents a
day.
LANDING OF AMERICANS
BIG NEWS FOR LONDON. '
(By Review Leased Wire) ,
LONDON, June 27. Arrival of an
advance of the American army In
France is the predominant feature In
the news columns of the morning
newspapers, which display under big
headlines such details as are allowed
to be published. The Times comments
on the arrival as an omen full of hope.
a sure prophecy of an allied victory
and the siznal of a democratic peace
to be wrung from dominated Germany,
while the moral effect will be unmers-
urable. 1
Trouble
u
K; 11
Pumps
And. Compressors Are
little excitement, the first day of
Bisbee branch of the I. W. W.,
th ramn. I h r a m arivanr
. . t
to Stop Working
Boris Leasing company, and practical
ly all other surface leasers in the dis
trict. The Wolverine-Ariiona was
working about half capacity. The
Denn-Arizona suspended its under
ground work.
Confidence was restored to a grea
extent throughout the district with the
arrival of Sheriff Wheeler and his re
iteration of his belief that to m.iin
tain the present situation is inimical
to the welfare of the United States,
and to that end would do all In bis
power to see that all constitutional
rights of men were lived up to and
that no property was molested or de
stroyed. To that end -the sheritr
caused a large part of the district to
1 be patrolled last night and eariy this
morning.
To satisfy many wLO have had
doubts that the organization which
called the present strike wa3 affiliated
with the I. W. W Secretary A. K.
Kimball was asked last evening about
the status of the organization. He
declared, unequivocally, that the union
was the Bisbee metal branch of the
L W. W.
wered by every clt'zen of the United
States In proportion to Ms or her avi'-
ity to maintain the national po"r -n
honor. Many citizens will render "he'"
aid by force of arms on tbe bifefleH
wh'le others will make the nation
strong by their patriotic gifts and
support to the common cause. It Is
therefore highly fitting that 'he Sun
day schools of the nation should ob-
serve a special patriotic day. and on
tMs occasion should make a spcIm!
contribution to the American Red
Cross or the alleviation of the stiff' r
ing entai'ed by the prosecution of the
present war. It Is my earnesr hnr
that your renerositv may be unlnt"rt
In this, the hour of the nation's need,
and that this special dav may mn
much to you In the undertaltin "f t'-e
cause for which our beloved land nw
contends.
WOODROW WILSON. TWO
THE UISBEET DAILY REVIEW,
'THURSdSVMdRNlNG,1UNE 28, 1 9iT.
Begins Friday morning and continues until the "Annex" Store stocks have
been reduced to a healthy, normal condition. The best of seasonable mer
chandise remarked for this sale, bringing prices within reach of every purse
LAWN DRESSES
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR
Muslin Gowns . ' . . 98c
ONE GLANCE at the splendid Gowns and an
other at the price tag, will convince yon that they are
a very rare bargain. Hade of good quality bleached
muslin, with yoke and sleeves trimmed with either lace
or embroidery, extra long, well made and neatly finished.
SALE PRICE 98c.
4
Envelope Chemise . . 79c
CONTAINED IN THIS OFFER Is a wonderful
value In Envelope Chemise, made of good quality
bleached muslin, trimmed with lace or embroidery
When you see the quality of material and trimminr,s
and note the excellence' of workmanship, you'll wonder
how we can sell them for such a low price. 79c.
2t. .t .
entrance: rtr rea
I SUBWAY fJsJpCfr Ma., 6?
! IK LCI m'' JT IT Sir " 0- DUiWI'V.y
I
Women's Drawers
27c
WOMEN'S DRAWERS of good quality bleached
muslin, at 27c a pair, plain bottom finished with a
cluster of H. S. tucks, a wonderful value at the sale
price. s
3 &
Corset Covers
.25
HERE'S A VERY UNUSUAL bargain in women's
Corset Covers, made of bleached muslin or cambric,
trimmed with Torchon lace or embroidery, a very ex
ceptional value at 25c each.
Children's
Drawers ,
11c
At this time of sky-rocketing
prices on all cotton goods, mothers
win welcome this chance to buy
Children's Drawers at 11c a pair;
all sizes.
Brasseries
Three for
WOMEN'S BRASSIERES of
good quality bleached muslin, lace
trimmed, or finished with embroid
ery edge, a limited quantity, while
they last at THREE FOR 25c.
Our great half-yearly Clearance Event AND WHAT
IT MEANS TO THE THRIFTY BUYERS RESIDING IN
THE WARREN DISTRICT. You note the absence of com
parative prices in this announcement, it is for a purpose,
which we hope this brief explanation will make plain to you.
The prices during this event are as low as consistent with
good merchandising and CLOSE BUYING. The public are
so surfeited with "COMPARATIVE VALUES" that only
deceive that an Honest Comparative Value is also apt to
be misunderstood.
To keep as close as possible to the ideal along this prin
ciple, we merely QUOTE SELLING PRICES, and hope cur
efforts in real value giving will, inspire your CONFIDENCE.
"Better Values"
The Slogan of the "Annex"
AND IT WILL BE EXEMPLIFIED to the fullest dur
ing this Semi-Annual July Clearing Movement a time of
seasonal stock reducing where broken lines, odd lots and sur
plus stocks are radically reduced in price for quick selling.
It is impossible to list all the good things this Big Sale Con
tains for there are hundreds of wonderful values AND IN
EVERY SECTION special lines of merchandise will be dis
played UNDERFRICED BUT NOT ADVERTISED.
Two Groups at Two Prices
.35 , Ct3.15
and
MANY WOMEN WILL BUY two or three of these Summer
Frocks at the sale prices and pay just about the cost of the materials '
alone.
There are two groups and it may be said of each, that it contains
the best value we have ever offered at such low prices $2.35 and
$3.15. It is an unusual opportunity fcr women to supply their ward
robe with an ampin assortment of summer dresses at a very sub
stantial saving. Made of excellent quality colored Lawn ia figured
and flowered patterns in pretty colors ndn combinations; all sizes.
Voile Dresses
$5.75
WE UNHESITATINGLY claim i.'iis to be the biggest and best
bargain in Summer Dresses that we have offered in months. It is
certainly a matchless opportunity to buy a pretty, dainty Voile dress
at a most economical price Smartly designed and perfectly made of
fine quality-Voile in plain colors and figured designs; variously and
attractively trimmed, CHOICE DURING THIS SALE for $3.75.
Linen Dresses
THIS SHOULD PROVE an att-action to the economically
dined woman. Linen Frocks for the summertime, that possess ail
the latest style touches, splendidly iuale of excellent quality material,
in white and wanted colors Such practical and becoming dresses,
surely you cannot afford to pass them up at the Sale Price CHOICE
$4.15.
: U 5 - ...
4.15
in- SHWW
Mil
Bisbee's Economical Men Will Welcome These
Reductions on Summer Clothes
IT HAS NEVER BEEN a question with the "AN
NEX" Store how cheap we could sell clothes irrespective
of quality and make but It has been our business to sell
you, for the least money the best clothing that 'can be
produced for the prices charged. And the SUITS repre
sented in these two specially priced groups at
and
nrp a ?nnr1 pviuinpnt At this nnlirv ninHp nf Pirff11nt
quality worsted in grays and tans, also Palm Beach Cloth:
Xijjri snappy models for Young Men with belts or the favorite
Pinch-back effect, al3o models for elderly men who are
mm
more conservative in the matters of dress.
Inside Facts
Men's Straw Hats
45c, 95c and $1.39
What lends more to a man's sum
mer comfort than a light weight Straw
Hat, and what is there that cost as
liule that brings him as much genuine
pleasure and satisfaction? And if yon
supply your Summer Straw Hat needs
at the "ANNEX" store you will chooce
from a splendid collection and pay
only a fraction of their real value
There are Straw Hats for Men and
Young men priced at 49c, 95c, $1.."9
and $1.95.
Underwear fcr Men, 25c
THE SUMMER UNDERWEAR
needs of Men can be snpplied at the
"ANNEX" store during the July Clear
ing Sale at a very substantial saving;
Balbriggan Shirts and Drawers in
cream, pink and light blue colors. Ions
sleeves, and ankle length drawers
just the thing for service and warm
weather comfort at 25c per garment.
Men's Soft Cuff Shirts 53c
MEN WHO RESPOND to this an
nouncement will get the best shirt
they ever bought for the little price,
and make a very considerable saving;
they are made of good quality percale
in neat striped patterns on wiiitj
grounds, golf style with starched
neckband, soft cuffs, all sizes from
.14H to 17 A WONDER VALUE at
the sale price 53c each.
Union Suits for Hen 53c
THERE IS NO NEED for men to
suffer from warm weather w.'icn the
price of summer comfort is so little;
here are unlonsuits that are your as
surance against the summer's heet
.- .. . ,.r-', rl t r 'J . . . 1. I .
I genuine Balbripgan. ecru colors, elas
I tic and perfect fitting, long sleeves and
I ankle length.
:
are of as much importance as outside appearances. You
e-et both in nnr kind nf rlnthin:? A Ktvlp fit nnrt fnlirw
Jr that is perfect. We wfsh you would at least investigate
t.iM our claims of unusual value for these two underpriced
groups.
Men's and Boy's Apparel
MEN'S GOLF SHIRTS slightly soiled and mussed from
handling, mostly large sizes, special While they last THREE
FOR .-. $1.00
BOYS' SPRING and SUMMER suits of cassimers and
worsteds, a good range of patterns, all sizes from 5 to 16
years, and very exceptional values at prices ranging from
$2.1 5 upwards to $5.45
BOYS' WASH SUITS made of good quality fabrics that
will wear and laundry perfectly, good styles and splendid
values at $1.49, $1.33, $1.05 and at 33c
BOYS' KHAKI PANTS, just the thing for vacation
wear, acres 3 to 1 6 years, priced at a pair 49c and ..35c
BOYS' PALM BEACH PANTS cool looking and will
render good wear; sizes 3 to 1 6 years at..' ..49c
BOYS' BLOUSES of good quality material, in all sizes
from 6 to 1 5 years, in white, plain colors and neat striped pat
terns, military collars, special at each 25c
CHILDREN'S WASH HATS and Straw Hats, many
styles and good values at all prices from as low as 1 5c each
up to 45c
MEN'S WASH TIES, four-in-hands of highely mercer
ized fabrics, in white and neat stripes, special each 10c
Women's
Street
$1.65
Bargains Briefly Described, but Unusual in
Style, Qualiiy and Price
WOMEN'S WASHABLE SKIRTS of Linene, in novelty plaids and stripes,
pretty colors and combinations; smart styles and excellent values at each $1.95,
$1.69, and 1.39
SiLK SKIRTS of novelty sports stripes, in brilliant colors and combinations,
excellent value at each .. -". $5.85
PAL MBEACH SKIRTS ideal for traveling or vacation wear, a very unusual
bargain while they lact at each - -- $2.95
SATEEN PETTICOATS for women, made of good quality material in pret
ty flower designs, deep circular flounce, special at - 53c
WOMEN'S LONG KIMONOS, of Serpentine Crepe in pretty floral patterns,
one lot for quick clearance priced at $1.59
WOMEN'S AUTO CAPS, in novelty stripes and plaids, practical and inex
pensive, July Clearance Price, each 43c
SUN BONNETS for women and children, made of percales and ginghams,
medium and dark colors, special TWO FOR , -- -25c
AN OFFER OFRIBBONS that should attract unusual interest and make ac
tive sellins;. in pretty striped and flower patterns, SALE PRICE A YARD....18c
SUMMER MILLINERY OFFER, take your choice of our entire remaining
stock of Trimmed Hts and pay one-third le3S than the regular marked price
SAVE T :T. ONE-THIRD
JAPANESE PANAMA HATS in styles suitable for Misses or Women, extra
wide brim, and a genuine bargain at the sale price ,$1.39
UNTRIMMED SHAPES, we have made one large group of our entire remain
ing stock, embracing the season's smartest styles and newest colors, and have
marked them at the low price of .95c
HAT TRIMMINGS, embracing a large assortment of flowers, foliage and
wreaths, remarked for quick disposal at - c
Unusual Value in Men's, Women'sfand Children's Shoes
Dresses . .
THIS OFFER EMBRACES a newly ar
rived shipment ot Summer Dresse.; in styles
suitable for wear at home, and l ecause of
their simplicity of design and trir.:ming are
equally as desirable for street w.ar, mado
of new novelties in cotton weav ;s, includ
ing black and white checks and c'ark color
ed plaids A glance will convince you that
they were never intended to 9ell tor as lit
tle as $1.65 each.
Lingerie Blouses
49c, 73c and $1.10
Dainty Sflcmer Styles
THREE UXl'SUAL GROCPfc, of Sum
mer Blouses for women, and ea. h assort
ment so attractive, comprising such a diver
sity of styles and dainty materials, that
women will experience little dMeulty n
choosing several that are particulfc -!y adapt
ed to their needs.
Middy Blouses
43c, 79c an' S 8c
Outdoor Sports and summer comfiitt
are hnth calling for Middy Blouses; wita
the demand so unusual and the values so
great, women wilt need little urKi.i? to buy
at the sale prices quoted abovf There
are many styles to choose from. :.ll white,
.those with cobtrasting colore-: coibrs,
pockets and belts
MEN'S OXFORDS, la
Calf. CLEARANCE SALE
MEN'S SHOES, of Bla
Button styles, rubber soles
MEN'S SHOES AND
sizes 6 to II, leather soles,
2 and button styles, of black Can Metal
PRICE $2.95
k Vici Kid and Gun Metal Calf, Lace or
, a pair $2.95
OXFORDS of White or Gray Canvas,
sale price $1.75
White Canvas 5 hoes
CHILDREN'S White Canvas lary Jano.
with ankle strap; sizes 2 to 5's fo. T'Jc a pair.
Sizes 5!,i to 8's for S9c
CHILDREN'S White Canvas toman San
dals, with lour button straps; siz. s 2 to 5 for
tiSc Sizes 5'r. to S for 98c
MISSES' Vhit Canvas Button Shoes, tlrxi
bli' leather tolas. sizes S',; to l .'s. specially
priced at a palr..i $1.15
CHILDREN'S Mary Janes Of Tan colored
Vici. with ankle strap; sizes 2V2 t . 0's for "'.:
a pair; SIZES 5' to 8'c for 9 5c
Patent and Vici Shoes
CHILDREN' S Roman Sandals of Tatent
leather, flexible soles, sizes to 5's for
$1.05 a pir SIZES 5 to S's for $1.19
-MISS' latent Leather Roman Sandals,
the ;npi;!ar summer tiioe for girls; sizes S1
to It's for a pair $1.39
CHILDREN'S I'ateno Leather Button Shoes,
sizes 1 to .J'-j. considering the stiffness of the
leather market this is a bargain, a pair 75e
CMI.IUL'.VK I'ateit Lejuhi-r Shoes, wltn
Utl colored kid top., a pretty shoe of ex
optional (niu'.ily; si.t-. .V; to S's for $1.C5
.MIOSES' and CHILDREN'S Black Vici KM
Women's Shoes and Pumps -
WOMEN'S White Canva Pumps. liht
weight flexible soles, a eat dressy model,
with covered heels, all sues from to 7i
SALE PRICE
WOMEN'S Lace Oxfords of excellent Black
Vici Kid Stock. Cuban Heels, medium wei?bt
soles; all sizes SALE PRICE $1.65
WOMEN'S White Canvas Lace Boots, with
hii;li tons; two very smart models at lowered
prices One priced at $2.50 a pair; the other
riduood to $2.30
Miscellaneous Items From the Bal :ony Department at Substantially Lowered Prices
SQUARE CAKE PANS, size 9x0
inches. 1 1-4 Inches deep. Special
at each 15c
STEW PANS. 10 inches in dia
meter, 2 inches deep, an excellent
value at each Vic
DECORATED Cups and Saucers,
in pretty Japanese Designs, r'-.
duced to 5d
MAYONNAISE SETS. consisUa
of three pieces, decorated in Jap
anese designs and colors, special
at 20s
STEW KETTLES, two quart size
on sale for 15c
BUCKETS, with hail, the kinds
that should sell for double t'le
price, on sale for 15c
CHINA Cl'FS and Sauers, plnin
or with net frold band, Sale
price 12'' ,c
CHINA DINNER Plates, 9 inches
ill diameter, sile price 12' -c
CHINA SOI P Plates. 9 inch sizl-.
also lt',2 itii h Meat Platters, spe
cially priced at. each 10c
JAFANESE Tea Pets, decorated
in bright crlors ant new designs,
worth double the sacl price, choice
at 15c
SANDY Kitchen Knife and Kor
Tray of h;ird wood with .handle,
specially priced at each 5c
104-INCH Pntcher Knives tor
1-Jr; 15-INCH liresd Knives lir
lUc ami 1;!-INCH Butcher Knivf
for 15c
' DOVER" Has Beaters. spei i.iWy
priced at each 12c
15-INCH Cake Turners for 5c
12-INCH Heavy Wire Kitchen
Forks priced at each 5c
WIRE PRKAD TOASTERS Bt a
price that should crowd the Bal
cony department, reduced to ...5c
NICKEL Plated Table Ktrves :!
for 25c; 1'tirks to nuifh at 5. e;ic'i.
Ttaspoutis pru.-d at TWO FOR 5c
i'ANIXC' KNIVES. li-c's ttj
Pad ,. Iron ht:iii('s adu J;ir Openers, j
take your choice ot these ait 1- !
for 5c I
ICE PICKS, Meat Cleavers and
Screw Drivers that are actually
worth a third more than the sale
price ?ioie 10c
ALCOHOL Stoves, with one can
alcohol, a convenience that should
be in every home, special at
each 25c
5-IM'H Iron Hasps, with latch,
in this July Clearing Sale for
only 5c
HAMMER HANDLES, of har
wood each 5c
HATCHETS that are bpeclally
priced, varying in their cost as to
size and quality 79c. 65c and". ..15c
ROTARY Door Bells. Sale Price.
each 50c
Seed Water Kilters. special
at '. 20c
WIRE Egg Beaters for 5c
Bowl Strainers at 3c
Cl'RRY Combs each 10e
Wall Match Boxes, each 5c
Blacking Brush with TauDr
for 10c THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JUNE 23, 1917.
THREE
'J
-f
i
BASEBALL
NATIONALS
(By Review Leased Wire.)
BROOKLYN, June 27. Brooklyn
Brooklyn won from. Boston, making
five out of seven played. Pfeffer was
very effective except in the first and
eigbtb innings. In the seventh Evers,
Stallings, Smith and Tyler wereyput
off the field for keeping up a running
fire tf comment on the work of Um
pire Rigler.
Score - R. H. E.
Boston 100 000 0203 9 3
Brooklyn 101 001 2207 10 2
Batteries: Allen, Reulbach and Tra
gresser; Pfeffer and J. Meyers.
New York 4; Philadelphia 2.
PHILADELPHIA, June 27. New
York regained first piace m tue ?fa
tlonal league race by defetaing Phila
delphia. Neither Benton nor Laven
der, who started the game, could go
the full route. Zimmerman rammed
out a homer in the first inning.
Score R. H. E.
New York 201 010 0004 5 1
Philadelphia 020 000 0002 11 4
Batteries: Benton, Perritt and Rar
iden; Lavender and Fittery and Killi
fer. Chicago 4; St Louie.
.ST. LOUIS, June 27. Chicago and
St. Louis divided a double header. Chi
cago outhit St. Louis ten to five in
the first game. Hornsby got three
triples in the two games but two ot
these were wasted in the first game as
Vaughn fanned Cruise, the next bat
ter, for third out in the third inning
and fanned Cruise again, and forced
Miller to tap to Deal in the firth. A
batting rally In the seventh won the
seetend game for St. Louis. Merkle
hit a home run with Mann on first in
the eighth.
Score First game: R. H. E.
Chicago 010 001 1104 10 2
St Louis 010 100 0002 5 3
.Batteries: Vaughn and Wilson;
Doak and Snyder.
Score Second game: R. H.. E.
Chicago 000 000 120 3 5 3
St Louis 010 000 50 9 0
Batteries: Prendergast, Aldridge
and Elliott; Horstman and Gonzales.
PITTSEURG, June 27. Cincinnati
scored five runs on five hits in . the
fifth and sixth and won from Pitts
burg. Ragan was hit hard but kept
the hits well scattered except in the
sixth, when three singles, a double
and a base 'on balls scored three runs,
' Score R.H. E.
Cincinnati . ......000 023 lOO 6 11 1
Pittsburg 000 003 011 5 13 1
Batteries: Regan. Ragan and Win
go; Jacobs .Carlson, Miller and
Schmidt.
Coast Results
At San Francisco R. H. E.
Los Angeles 3 9 0
San Francisco 2 8 2
'. Eatteries: Hogg. Ryan and Bass
ler; Bauni and McKee.
At Los Angeles R. H. E.
Portland 2 8 0
Vernon -. 1 5 0
Batteries: Houck and Fisher;' Mitch
ell. Fromme and Mitze, Simon.
At Salt Lake R.H. E.
Oakland 1 5 3
Salt Lake 3 11 0
' Batteries: Krause and Kilhulian;
Leverenz and Hannah.
Western League
At Denver First game: R.H. E.
Joplin . 1 5 3
Denver . 4 11 2
Batteries: McGranor and Morris;
Dale and Shestak.
Second game R. H. E.
Joplin 5 3 2
Denver . 2 7 1
i Batteries: Hall and Collins; Smith
son and Bartholomey.
At Wichita First -game: R.H. E.
St. Joseph 4 7 2
Wichita , 11 17 1
' Batteries: Dashner, Graham, F'ow
ell and Moore; Koestner and Yaryan.
Second game R. H. E.
St Joseph 4 6 3
Wichita ' ...6 9 5
Batteries: Vright and more; Baker
and Yaryan (6 innings; called by
agreement).
At Lincoln: Omaha-Lincoln, post
poned, rain.
At Sioux City
Des Moines
Sioux City
Batteries: Musser,
R.H. E.
8 12 1
5 10 1
Berger and
Breen; Tedisco, Rose and Crosby.
American Association
At Minneapolis, 3;. Columbus, 2.
At Milwaukee, 3; ToledM, 8.
At Kansas City. 6; Indianapolis, 5.
At St Paul, 1; Louisville, 0.
JAPANESE TURNED DOWN
AT RECRUITING STATION
(By Review Leased Wire.)
EL PASO. Tex., June 27. Twenty
Japanese went to the rehruiting office
here today and offered to enlist in t'ie
United States army. They were not
accepted.
RESULTS
AMERICANS
(Tty Review Leaseu Wire)
CHICAGO, June 27. Ty Cobb con
tinued to set the pace for safe hitting
in consecutive panics in the American
league when he adaed two more
games to his string. His record now
stands at 24 games, in which he has
made one or more hits. He obtained
one hit in each game of the c'jnhle
header which his club lost.
Chicago won the first by buncoing
hits. Murphy's double while baiting
in a pinch gave Chicago 'lie secoi.d.
Score First game: R. H. E.
Detroit 100 100 0002 4 1
Chicago IRiO 0?.2 OH 5 11 1
Batteries: Cunningham. Daus and
Stallage, Spencer; Cicotte and l.yn.i.
Score Second game: R. H. E.
Detroit 100 01 OtiO 2 10 2
Chicago 010 0ou 20 3 5 0
Batteries: Ehiuke and Spencer,
Stanage; ' Danfortli, Russell and
Schalk.
Senators 7; Boston 6.
BOSTON. June 27. Washington
scored three runs to tie the score in
the ninth and defeated the world's
champions in the eleventh. A wild
throw to first base by Shore was re
sponsible for two of the runs in the
ninth. Ayers' -t-ingie sent the winning
tally home.
Score R. H. E.
! Washington . 100 002 003 017 13 3
I Bosfon 001 004 100 006 9 3
Philadelphia 3; New York T.
NE WYORK. June 27. After losing
seven strafght games to New York,
Philadelphia checked the Yankees'
drive when Myers beat Shawkey, a
former Athletic pitcher, in a pitchers'
battle. The Athletics broke a tie in
the ninth .scoring two runs. Melnnis
has made seven hits in the last two
games.
Score R. II. E.
Philadelphia . ...100 000 0023 7 1
New York 000 010 000 1 9 1
Batteries: Myers and Haley; Shaw
key and Nunamaker.
Cleveland 5; St. Louis 4.
! CLEVELAND. June 27. Cleveland
; made it four straigth from St. Louis.
Gould, who started to pitch, passed the
! first three batsmen. Klepfer, who re
j lieved him, held the Bi'owns in check
until the ninth, when Bagby went in
! and struck out Jacobson, retiring the
side.
Score R. H. E.
St Louis 100 000 102 4 8 0
' Cleveland 011 020 01 5 8 1
Batteries: Davenport Hamilton,
Wright and Severeid; Gould, Klepfer.
Bagby and De Berry.
DECREASE SHOWN IN
SUBMARINE LOSSES
DURINGLASTWEB.
Lively Artillery Activity Con
tinues Along The Galician
Front; British Lay Success
ful Ambuscades On Struma
. Front
(By Review Leased Wire).
LONDON, June 27. Twenty one
British vessels of more than 1,600 tons
each and seven nnder 1,600 tons were
I sunk by mines or submarines last
j week, according to the weekly state
! ment of losses issued by the admiralty
this evening. No fighting vessels met
with disaster.
The aggregate number of vessels
flying the British flag destroyed by
mines or submarines last week shows
I a net falling off or four as compared
, with the losses reported the previous
, week, which numbered 32 27 of more
j than 1,600 tons and five in smaller
'division. In the larger category a de
crease of six vessels is shown while
among the smaller craft an Increase of
two vessels lost is indicated.
Berlin Statement
BERLIN, via London, June 27.
Lively artillery fire is continuing along
the Galician front where there also
have been infantry operations, the
war office announced today.
French Official.
PARIS. June 27. The official com
munication issued by the war office to
; night reads:
"The artillery on both sides was ac
tive in the region of Hurteebise and
Craonne on the heights south of Mor
onvilliers and n the Avocourt sector
There was no infantry action.
"Eastern Theatre. June 26. On the
, Struma front the British troops suc
cessfully laid several ambuscades for
enemy patrols between lakes Ochride
and Presba. The enemy after a violent
bombardment attacked our trenches
but was repulsed."
SLACKERS ARRESTED
BY COLOIADO RANGER
COLORADO, Tex., June 27. State
Ranger Byron B. Punish today ar
rested John Chancy, charged with fail
ing to register, and Jak W. Payne,
charged with ' seditious utterances
against the United States Govern
ment and with abusive and threaten
ing language directed against the
president. Both men are in jail
awaiting arrival of department of jus
tice agents from San Antonio.
WOMAN LAWYER IS
MYSTERY EXPFRT
f: t-.5Si
r
3JC
Mrs. Grace Humiston in her office.
Pure enthusiasm for work carred
to distinctive achievement in the
race of personal danper has ruled in
the career of Mrs. Grace Humiston,
New York woman lawyer whose sa gacity
has brought a solution of the
Ruth Cruger mystery. With oppor
tunities for an easy social life, she
fcas)onfr chosen a career of us"' ill
ness of an almost bizarre sort ihe
' a mystery expert in murder codes.
(By Review Leased Wire).
American troop ships have success
fully braved the tetrrors of Germany's
submarine warfare and landed twj
contingents of American .fighting
forces in France men of the regular
United States army.
The troops, the first to reach the
war area, were greeted enthusiastical
ly on their unexpected arrival by the
townspeople of the port at which they
detarkei. The men, all in fine fettle,
have been sent to a nearby training
camp, whence they are expected to
proceed in the near future to the bat
tle front
A.ain the operations ai'ong the west
em Tront injFrance are being carried
out mainly by the artillery wings of
i.e army. The infantry activity, what
l!.:t!e there is of it, is by patrol parties
iu which only small bits of territory
have been attacked. In one of these
minor attacks the Canadians have oc
cupied an additional trench astride the
Lens-Arras road, but in another at
tempt to bite further into the Lens
sect'Jr they were repulsed, according
to the German war office.
Reciprocal artillery bombardments
of considerable activity continue along
the Aisne front and in the Champagne
there has also been a renewal of the
big fire in the Avocourt sector, north
west of Verdun.
In the Asiago plateau z'jne of the
Austro-Italian theater the Austrian ar
tillery has shattered positions recently
taken by the Italians and reoccupied
them. The fighting was on Monte
Ortigara and the Austrians assert they
captured more than 1,800 prisoners.
The Rome war office, in admitting
the withdrawal of the Italians, said
the destroyed positions afforded no
shelter to the Italians from the mur
derous fire, "of the Austrian artillery.
Lively fighting continues between
the Russian and Austro-German forces
on the eastern front, particularly In
Gallcia. The operations on the Mace
donian front continue of minor Impor
tance and there is nothing to be
gleaned from the rep'orts of the bel
ligerents to indicate that a general
engagement is brewing. There have,
however, been several smart skir
mishes and one attack by the enemy
preceded by a violent bombardment
against the French positions. It was
repulsed.
Mines or Teutonic submarines were
responsible for the sinking last week
of. 21 British vessels of more than
1.6U0 tons each and seven under 1.600
tons, according to the weekly British
admiralty statement
RACING CAR WRECKED
RETURNING FROM TRACK
AMARILLO, Tex.. June 27. Return
ing to the city from the association
race track three miles distant, after
having safely won the thirty mile race,
the car driven by Ira Smith, collided
head-on with a second racer piloted by
Amos M. Brewer, late this afternoon.
Lewis (Red) Riley, of Tulia. Texas,
niechaniscan with Smith suffered a
broken right arm, a broken right leg
and internal Injuries, while both
drivers were badly bruised. Amputa
tion of Riley's leg was necessary. ,
: V Vr
W A R
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
(By Review Leased Vir)
NEW YORK, June 27. The stock
market was goverened by colliding
influences today, early gains' being re
auced or wholly eradicated in the fin
al hour. Froenoon advances were at
tributed mainly to relaxed money con
ditions from the release of Liberty
Loan deposits, while late selling was
accompanied by unfavorable reports
affecting rails and war issues.
Call money opened at six pef cent
but soon eased to 4fc and later fell
to two per cent, the minimum for more
than a fortnight. Time loans also
shaded from M to V per cent for the
shorter maturities.
Rails were negligible in the day's
operations. Some of the high priced
specialties, notably Industrial Alco-j
hoi. which reacted five points, contrib-1
uted to the sharp reversal of the final
hour.
United States Steel and Colorado
Fuel were among the Htrongest issues,
recording gross gains of 2 to 3 points
but forfeiting much of this before the
rlntui
Coppers were better at one time by !
1 to 3 points, and Pittsburgh Coal led j
the coalers. Reading was almost the
only high grade railway issue to nan -
ifest market strength, tut reacted
sharpley on relatively small dealings,
Total sales, 1.025,KK) shares.
A pronounced increase in demand for
Liberty S'.i's at par or better wai the
feature of an irregular bond markeT.
some rails and industrials being di
tinctly heavy.
Total sales, par value. J4.C75.0tt0.
CHICAGO GRAINS.
CHICAGO, June 27. Spreading of
belief that the United States govern
ment would fix a price for the domes
tic wheat crop of 1917 did a good deal
to pull down wheat quotations. The
wheat closed steady one to four cents
net lower with July at 2.05 and Sep-
tember 1.S3. Corn gr.ined IVi to 2
cents, oats to i and provisions .12
to 30 cents. Incentives to buy wheat
except on a hand to mouth basis ap
peared to be lacking in view of seem-
OZARK TRAILS HIGHWAY
CONVENTION IN SESSION
(By Review Leased Wire.)
AMARII.I.O. Tex.. June 27. "Fun'
only today." was the slogan, of the
thousands attending the opening of a
scheduled three days' 'session of the
Ozark Trails Highway convention nalua -nlz '"isuee ...
here, and fun it was for the day, fea-1 Jerome Daif,y
tured in the afternoon by an automo-j Nacozari Consolidated
bile pageant in which more than one!Verde Apex
thousand decorated cars look . part ' CaJiimet Oil
The cars broke ranks at Palo Buro Feather River
canyon, twelve miles distant. : i """"" "
The convetion, proper, will begin Us
sessions at 9 o'clock tomorrow morn-
ing, M. D Lightfoot of Springfield.
Mo., will preside and the greater part'
of the day will be taken up with1
liea'irngs of representatives of the var-(
ious routes competing tor omciai ae
signation as part of the highway.
HANK GOWDY CALLED
TO NATIONAL GUARD .
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK. June 27. Harry
M. (Hank) Gowdy, catcher for the
Boston National League Baseball club,
left here today for Columbus. Ohio,
where he recently enlisted In the Ohio
national guard, to join the colors.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
WIOCMANN-S PURS. BVAPOMATSO
GOAT MILK
Easily difmimd br evem
muuiiiv mourn item.
UmtxctlLd 64y fooi
AT LEADING DITJCOISTS
WIDEMANN GOAT MILK CDl
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
AND
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
Invalidsk
V Lr br promimtml pkytiemmM
for utbmmiUMii. e
I
eh vatf
itttHr M
1
MOT
Oatman
Stocks
LEA87CD WIRE
ing likelihood that government control
ol values was imminent. The conse
quent downward tendency of the mar
ket received further impetus from as
sertions that Immediate embargo re
strictions were contemplated to curtail
shipments to European neutrals.
Drought complaints from western
Kansas helped to rally the corn mar
ket and so did gossip that further buy
ing of corn and oa:s for the entente
allies were expected soon. Through
out the day oats felt the stimulus of
peisistent buying on the part of houses
with seaboard connections.
Provisions ascended on account of
the readiness with which offerings
were absorbed by packers and shorts.
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK. Junt- 27. Lead dull:
,fpot 11"! 12; spelter dull. Spot Kasi
j St. I.ouis delivery SVi asked. Copper
, linn: electroyltic. spot and nearby 32
j & 3:5; third quarter and later deliver
,ies 29.50S32.
liar silver 7S4.
I '
OATMAN
(By Collins & Bretherton.)
Bid
Ask
.11
.23
.08
.78
.05
.13
.OS
.09
.20
1.0S
4.40
.03
.20
1 Adams ... .
09
I Arizona Rex
j Ariz-Tom R 03
Big Jim 73
jGold Reed
JGold Cliff
Lucky Boy 03
Sunnyside 06
I Telluride
Tom Reed 1.05
United Eastern 4.30
United Western 02
fled Lion
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 2.00
Green Monster 1.00
2.06
1.06
.16
1.12
.10
.73
1.58
2a
.40
.16
.34
.37
2.00,
.50
.13
.13
.50
.05
.27
.50
.42
.20
.32
.16
. Butte London
1".
. ......1.00
j Dundee
1 Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome 50
Jerome Verde 1.50
Ark-Arizona . IS
Jerome Portland
Inspiration-Needles 09
Hull Copper 31
Magma Chief 25
Wolv-Arizona 1.75
Miami Mother Lode
Verde Combination 50
Miami Consolidated
.. .12
ul!ee 1 opper
Butte Arizona
The
"A Y ifs ' fit ;
& X fey v A li
The illustration shows a military officer burryirj to the telephone fcr import
ant iniliUry business and a civLkn chceriul'.y according h:n the rijl-t of way.
This typifies the atiitude of the nation and it also typuies the attitude of the
Bell System.
The nation is at war and it is necessary that private interests shall tc suhor-
dinattd to the Government's need lor Ulcpl cue service.
When war was d:rlared, the whole Ecll Systcni 'vr.s immediattly pl-ccd at the
disposal of the Goverrmcnt.
DuriEj these weeks of military preparer nis; the Government hai ted the serv
ice of the most covril.nsive and efficient ttl.pLoue syiteui in the :c:':C.
As our military strea jth grows, and we become larger participants i.i the cjeat
war, the demards of the Government upon our service will continue ta incroace,
and must f.lvays be met.
An extraordinary increase in telephone traffic, due to the unprecedented com
mercial and industrial activity incident to the war, ttast be cl.tiUatcly pro
vided for.
We ask you to cooperate in thi3 patriotic service, and to bear, chssrfuny any
unavoidable inconvenience or iielay in yojr 'telephone scrles.
The Moiiniain States Telephone zni Telegraph Co.
1 AIEb. ISp
TO THE EAST
Daily to September 30th.
ber 3 1st.
TO CALIFORNIA
Daily to September 30th. Final return limit No
vember 30th.
"THE LODGE" CLOUDCROFT
Open Now. Special round trip fares on sale daily
to September 15th. Final return limit Sept 30th.
Low round trip fares will be in effect providing
liberal stopovers Diverse Routes.
Ask your agent for full partidars. He will glad
ly help you plan your trip and make your Pullman
reservations.
Or Address.
GARNETT KING,
General Pass. Agent, El Paso, Text3.
This 19 Jewel Watch
Now Only $28.75
It is no longpr necessary to pay
$10, $30 or more to secure a thin
model ID jewel watch adjusted to
temperature and four positions.
The new outli Bend 19 Jewel
Special has all these features and
many more formerly to be had only
in high priced watches.
The most remarkable value we
have seen in all our yfars of watch
experience. Easy terras. Come in
and see this wonderful watch today.
LOWELL JEWELRY SHOP
FACTORY AGENTS . MAIN STREET, LOWELL
The Best in Cigars and Tobaccos
Cut Flowers And Floral Pieces
HARRY SEALEY
New Stand, in Front of Orient Lowell, Arizona
Nation's
ieec!s
Final return limit Octo!
i
r irsr
Ifil
Ui FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JUNE -281917:'""
b- Sister J3mlij Zteufcif
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
ntred at Sriond Clan Mall Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH I .75
THREE MONTHS 2.25
6JX MONTHS . 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.60
SUNDAY (Our .Weekly) per year 2.50
SUNDAY Our Weekly) per quarter 75
No Subscription Taken For Leaa Than 75 Cent a.
PHONE NO. 39.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbre
Dally Review before 8 a. m. will et one promptly ty
special Western Union Measenger by telephoning tlie
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will con
alder it a favor if the Irregularity of delivery la reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Thursday Morning, June 28, 1917.
WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO ABOUT IT?
The Warren District its business interests and its
people ia face to face with the most trying prob
lem in its history. The question does not atop there,
however, for its ramifications extend to the very bat
tlefront of our armies, the turrets of our fleet and to
the ultimate success of the war with the German
empire.
I( W. W's, constituting the most pernicious organ
ization in the history of the country have invaded
Bisbee in force. Without asking the miners of the
District regarding the purpose at hand a small mob
of leaders called a strike. It resulted, yesterday,
in intimidation of many men who are opposed to the
methods used and to any action of the kind. In
other words the local men, loyal, good Americana are
entirely satisfied.
The metal mining branch of the I. W. W. offers no
concrete reason for staging a strike in Bisbee. Deep
rooted must be the cause The light of day is kept
away from it. Sinister it must be, and far reaching
in the extreme. To use a trite saying "there must be
a nigger in the woodpile."
What are we going to do about it?
,OUR GOLDEN BULLETS.
Not the least cause for pride in our great Liberty Loan
is the fact that $2,0000.000,000 in bonds represents $2,
000,000,000 in real money. Every bond is worth 100
cents on the dollar in the world's markets, and will soon
be worth more. '
The last German war loan, while nominally bringing in
$3,000,000,000, was really only worth about $2,000,000,00')
because the German mark had declined to two-thirds of
its normal value It has gone lower since. In the next
loan the German government may have to pledge itself
for twice as much money as it really gets and pay a
ruinous rate of interest, too.
Not the least of our military advantages is the fact
that we're fighting with sound money. Every "golden
bullet" is solid clear through.
EXEMPTIONS.
Thousands of men who registered for the selective
draft and believe they have a right to exemption are
preparing affidavits, writing letters, interviewing the au
thorities and urging friends to use influence in their be-,
half. They are wasting their time and the time of the
officials they importune.
Certain classes of citizens may expect exemption as a
matter of course. But every case is to be decided on Its
individual merits. The registered man should leave it to
the authorities for the present. In due time he may ex
pect his rase to be taken up.
He will be notified, and permitted to state his ground
for exemption. The officials charged with selecting men
for the army will already know the main facts about him,
from his registration card. They will be willing to learn
more He will get a square deal. If he is unable to en
dure the hardships of military life, if he is needed to sup
port a wife or mother or children, if lie is engaged in
work in which he can serve his country better than by
soldiering, then he may reasonably expect he will not be
ordered into the army.
Uncle Sam isn't seizing men at random and sending
them lo army barracks. He knows exactly what he Is
doing, and is not going to impose needless hardship on
any young man or any youug man's relatives. Leave it
to Uncle Sam!
LESSONS IN PRUSSIANISM.
"We must, as far as communications will allow," says
t'i esteemed Cologne Zeitune. an official orgitn of the
German government, "continue with tlie political en
lightenment of America."
Very well! We're docile and tactable. We're willing
to meet half way anybody that has anything to teach
us. Bring on tlie instruction!
We'd like to learn tlie art of arousing a whole people
to an insane purpose of world comiucst. We'd like to
learn how to suhjuci'te neighboring nations and use t lie in
for our own purposes.
We're mere infants in tlie matter of iuvading peaceful,
friendly countries, slaughtering their men. starving their
women and children, confiscating their goods and taking
"frightfulness" by land or sea or air Let the German
editors and statesmen enlighten us in the noble art of
torpedoing passenger ships, bombarding unfortified sea
ports and blowing up women and children by Zeppelin
bombs.
We're deficient, too, in the great, practical field of for
eign intrigue and corruption. Let them teach us to fight
by scattering lies and bribes among the enemy instead
of meeting him face to face. Let them give us lessons
in war propaganda as it has been conducted under Prus-
sian direction in the United States, in Central and Soutli
America, in Russia and in every other European country
of strategic importance.
While we're resting from these rather arduous educa
tional courses, we might gather a few hints about practi
cal warfare the use of liquid fire and poison gas, and
particularly the bombardment of ambulances and Red
Cross hospitals and the sinking of hispital ships and re
lief ships at sea.
So come along with the Prussian correspondence school
outfit! And if communication by mail proves difficult,
maybe Uncle Sam will provide a special cable for the
purpose. We must be enlightened, at all costs.
GOVERNMENT OFFERED
GOAL AT FAIR PRICES
BY 400 BIG OPERATORS
TEACHING FOREIGN LANGUAGES.
Cincinnati, which comes about as near to being a Ger
man city as Milwaukee or St. Louis, is agitated now over
the German language problem. German has always been
taught in the Cincinnati schools as a matter of course.
to any pupils that wanted it, just as it has been in most
of our other large cities. But lately strong opposition
has sprung up. A Citizens' League on Foreign Languages
in the Elementary schools has been organized, with prom
inent citizens at the head of it, and is "urging the abolition
of German instruction. ,
Similar movements in some of our other cities have
had for their object the substitution of another language
for German French or Spanish, preferably. The Cin
cinnati reformers declare themselves not particularly
prejudiced against German but "unalterably opposed to
the teaching of any foreign language in the elementary
schools." They maintain that such instruction is a mis
use of public money; that it is a discrimination against
citizens or other races; that it tends to create an un
American spirit in the pubils; and that it retards the
progress of pupils in the acquisition of the language of
the nation.
These reasons are unassailable. It is easy enough to
arouse antagonism to German instruction just now, in
the patriotic fervor of a war against Germany. Educa
tional plans should not be unduly influenced by war
passions. But the system now opposed should never
have been established.' English is the language of the
country. All our children should learn to speak, read
and write English. It is quite enough to learn one lang
uage well in the elementary school. Only a genius could
learn more. German and other languages may properly
be studied in the high school, or learned in the night
school, or at home.
Let our school children concentrate on the American
language and literature and absorb the ideals of American
civilization that are naturally acquired with such study.
Why should Americans pay taxes to support any foreign
culture or kultur?
Special Committees To Confer
With Defense Council To
Stimulate Production; Im
mediate Necessity of Care
Shown.
AN AROUSED NATION.
"The element of shock," laments Secretary Baker, "no
longer arouses the people of America. We no longer ap
preciate the horrors of international immoralities, the
slaughter of women and noncombatants, the killing of
children in their schoolhouses or by poisoned candy drop
ped from the clouds."
It is true that such crimes do not shock us as they
did at . first. New manifestations of Prussian frightful
ness fail to arouse the old horror and indignation We
have almost lost capacity for the outbursts of blazing
anger with which we formerly denounced the cruelties
and crimes of the German government. But Secretary
Baker need not conclude that the nation is therefore
indifferent.
There is the anger that finds quick vent in denuncia
tion, and there is the anger that burns white and steady
In men's souls, animating all their conduct and awaiting
the day or vengeance. It is this steady white glow of
wrath that Is deadly to the offender. And such wrath
-exists today in the heart of the nation.
Let no one be misled by the superficial calmness of
the American people. They are aroused as they have
never been before since 1776. Their response to the
Liberty Loan is the latest practical proof of it. The
inner fire will show brighter as our young men throng to
the training camps, and brighter still as our armies begin :
to fill the trenches In France and Belgium. And wail
till the real fighting begins!
(By Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON. June 27. Four
hundred Coal operators representing
the great fields of both bituminous and
anthracite, pledged themselves here
today to sell their product at a fair
and reasonable price, to be fixed, with
the approval of the defense council'j
coal committee, by special committees
of seven producers from each coal
mining state.
These special committees are also l
confer with the defense council's com
mittee "to the end that production be
stimulated and plans be perfected to
provide- adequate means of distribu
tion." The operators' action is the result
of an all-day conference which opened
with addresses by Secretaries Lane
and Daniels, John T. Fort, Vf the fed:
eral trade commission, and Assistant
Attorney General Lewis, all of whom
frankly warned the producers that un
less they established a fair selling
price and proper regulation of the in
dustry, their output would be taken
over by the government.
Car Shortage Blamed.
Both at the operators' meeting and
before the committee the solution of
the greater production problem was de
clared to be more railroad cars. Car
shortage was blamed for restricting
the output of mines everywhere.
Sessions of the operators will be con
tinued tomorrow. One of the things
to be considered Is a motion declaring
that it is the sense of this meeting
that they earnestly request every op
erator in the United States to join a
coal operations' association of his
state where there is no such associa
tion to take immediate steps to or
ganize one, so that reliable and accu
rate information regarding the coal in
dustry can be furnished to the govern
ment whenever called for."
Representatives of each coal produc
ing state held meetings tonight to
choose committees in accordance with
the resolutions adopted and will re
port tomorrow.
Miners Obstreperous.
James Levi is. of Springfield, III., rep
resenting the United Mine Workers of
America, told the senate committee
that the miners' union did not believe
that the time had come for the gov
ernment to take control of toe coal in
dustry. Ke said the miners believe
questions of wages and workiug'condi
tions can best, be worked JUt by rep
resentatives of the miners and opera
tors rather than through the govern
ment arbitration affecting wages and
other conditions. .
Harry N. Taylor, of Kansas City,
represetning coal operators in Iowa.
Missouri, Kansas antl Arkansas, said
statistics for production i'Jr June
-throughout the country will show 10.-
000,000 or 12,000.000 tons over a year
ago.
ANOTHER RETIREMENT
By BRINK ERHOFF.
WANTS DAMAGES.
Joseph Masina has brought suit
against the Phelps Dodge company,
in the Superior court at Tombstone,
through his attorney, J. T. Kingsbury,
for damages in the sum of $15,000 al
leged to be due for injuries received
while he was in the employ of the
Phelps Dodge Co. at the Whitetail
Deer last October. The complaint al
leges that he was working in that
property on October 28th as a mucker
and that a car became loose and ran
down and caught his ankle so that it
was badly mashed and bruised so that
it became permanently disabled, and
that he is unable tj work as a consequence.
"For us there is nut one choice. We have made it.
Woe be to' the man or group of men that seeks lo stand
in our way in this day of high resolution, when every
principle we hold dearest is to be vindicated and made
secure for the salvation of the nations. Wc are ready to
plead at the bar of history, and our flag shall wear a new
lustre. Once more we shall make good witii our lives
and fortunes the great faith to which we were born, and
a new glory shall shiue in the face of our people."
Woodrow Wilson.
There really ought to be selective draft law to compel
attendance on sporting events to take the place of the
'olunteer system.
When the Germans have nothing else on their hands
they fire a few more thousand shells into Khcims for
good measure. -T
The resignation of ex-King Constantino has becu ap-
their money. We don't know the flrst thiug ahoiti proved by the unauiuious vote of t'.ie world.
We have just received a
rare line of
Perfect
Wesselton
DIAMONDS
in all sizes, which will make
beautiful engagement rings.
Remember these stones are
absolutely perfect and the
prices right. Come in and
talk it over with us. i
L 1. Gilman
vitwS" tHfx '
w$My - mil -MA
THE STATE INCOME
FROM LAND IS
OVER $132,000
Leasing of State Land Is Pro
ducing Large Amount of
Revenue To Treasury And
Will Be Increased.
More than $132,000 is the annual in
come at present ot Arizona from her ,
public lands which are leased to pri
vate parties. Since the creat;on of the
selecting and leasing divi.-ion 'jf the
state land office, of which division Ben
R. Clark is chief, there has bet-n se
lected from Arizona's broad expanse
of mountain and plan some 2.653.000
acres.
Previously this land was open do
main and could be used by anyone
without permission or payment, and
-,vas ranged at large by cattle and
jheep. Since the selection of nearly
3.000,000 acres as public land, how
ever, it 13 necessary for parties pre-j
viously using this land or by others, to I
secure a lease from the state land de-1
partment. There is no busier depart-1
ment in the state house than this one,
and through the business transacted
there, the state deiives an income of
large proportions and one that is in
creasing at tlie rate of $2(.O0 a
month.
No single lease of state land is made
.Vr more than 640 acres, but since the
organization of this department about
two years ago there have been ll.91
applications received for leases of
state laud, of which 6.164 have been
executed to private parties.
Arizona now collects a minimum of
three cents an acre for leases on 1.104.
000 acres of school lands and 1.740,000
acres 'of institutional lands, a total of
; 2,844,000 acres under lease which
brings an annual revenue of $92,000.
i Some idea of the magnitude of the
' business transacted by this division is
i contained in the rriKrt just made by
Mr. Clark to William A. Moeur, statf
, land commissioner, which shows that
new leases for state lands arc being
i closed at the rate of about 1,000 each
' month.
In additf.m to the revenue of $92.ttn
i annually for 2,81l.ooo acres of state
and institutional lands under lease,
there are other school sections located
in the forest reserves for which leases
the government collects and turns
over to the state. These amount to
$10,000 a year at present, making a
total revenue of $132,000.
Durins the month of May, just past,
the selection and leasing department
rollectcd in leases and f'es the sum of
$10,918. The whole revenue last month
i of the statu land ottice was aUnit
; $65,000. When tlie state buds are all
selected the leasing department will
bo called upon to administer some 10.
800.000 acres Hnd' which will bring in
an annual icvenuc many times in ex
cess of the present one.
I
A Bank which has grown to importance
through its policy of giving the most satis
factory service to its patrons that's our
Bank.
With every modern convenience we
are at your service.
Checking Accounts welcomed.
Bank with us.
t
U ! FIE nfiEffi ODD ftteCDG 0
IT
DOLLARS THAT GROW
Ail V. S. dollars may look alike to some people
but there is a difference In the society they keep
for instance idle dollars cannot grow whereas dol
lars in the Bank are constantly increasing at in
terest. Give your dollars the right opportunity by start-
an account with us.
4 Per Cent Interest Paid on Time Deposits.
c,nir,ii.iM!,.i;N.i,u.t
I
RELIEVE INDIGESTION.
With Horsford's Acid Phosphate.
Taken bcloie meals, tones the stom
ach, promotes appetite and prevents
diitrera. Buy a bottle.
Of Fire Burning
Or Burglars
Stealing your private papers and valuables when
you shut the home up for the summer.
There's Absolute Safety for both when protected
by our modern vaults
Private safes rent for $500 and up yearly.
Think this over then see
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona.
Will E. McKee, President C. A. McDonald. Cashier
THE DAILY REVIEW WA NT AOS BRING RESULTS THE BISBEE DAILY REV1EW, THURSDAY MORNINCUUNE 23,1917:
nvE
FIRST DRAFT DRAWING
DATE TO BE ON
OR ABOUT JULY 15
NEW LAW CAUSES
LOSS OF POSITIONS
TO MANY IN STATE
F-NCII AIR HEROES ARRIVE TO INSTRUCT AMERICAN FLIF.rS
. . ....
3 4?
. w. - - r -
it
.:
5 f.
if
vVii wi nan KiiLS!y
are not offered to car builders.
Motorists buy them as
a matter of choice.
Why?
Indications Point That Rules
And Regulations Will Be
Opinion of Attorney General
Under New Law Is That
Promulgated At Washing
ton This Week.
None But American Citi
zens Can Hold Jobs.
Although no official information has
been received at the sheriff's office in
Tombstone concerning the exact date
of the first draft for the new army, it
is generally understood by those
closely connected with the operation
of the selective service law that the
first drawing is to be had on July 15th.
Governor Campbell has recommended
to General Crowder that the same
boards that were used in making the
registration be appointed in each coun
ty to act in the drawing. Arrange
ments for this drawng have been in
progress of making since the comple
ton of the registration. The war de
partment has hastened this work in
order to hold the drawing at as early a
date as possible.
The regulations concerning the ex
emptions to be granted by the various
boards are expected to be promulgat
ed some time this week. No darstic
rules are expected. On the contrary,
they are to be most liberal in permit
ting those who are actively engaged in
professional occupation in any manner
helpful to the government in prosecut
ing this war, to remain at home. Like
wise, the rules are said to be strict
against the exemption of men who are
physicially able to go to war and who
have no dependents.
A decision by Wiley E. Jones, attor
ney general that only citizens of the
United States can hold positions under
the state and at state institutions
promises to cause a number of profes
sors and other employes at the univer
sity of Arizona to lose their places.
Formerly it was declared that those
who had desclared their intention lo
become citizens could serve.
Among those who will have to be
dropped is -Santos Higuera, who has
the gardener at the university campus
for seventeen years. Miss English, sec
retary to the president, will also lose
her place. She is a British subject.
Prof. R. H. Williams of the depart
ment of animal husbandry is a Cana
dian and will have to go, as will also
Mrs. Williams, born an American but
who takes the citizenship of her hus
band. She is head of the department
of home economics. Prof. Chapman of
the department of matellurgy and p
Canadian, will also come under the
ruling.
There seems to be no hope for a
reversal of the ruling. The auditor
will not pay warrants made out to any
who are not American citizens.
The new appropriation bill omits
the provision which enabled those
who had declared their intention of
becoming citizens to hold state offices.
i - i i. .. . . . , i I
, . . j - . Every Mexican laborer employed on
." ......... . ..... ... .......... , j . v
r Ti- I. : o - line
have to do with the number of build
ings to be erected; others to the fin
ishing of the interior and the furnish
ing. The barracks are to be open on
one side with a sort of Bleeping porch
effect. Single beds . instead of double
deckers, also will be used. The air
space allotted to each man is 175 cu
bic feet
That the national army will be in
camp by September 1 is the belief of
Secretary of War Baker, expressed in
an Interview recently. Interest in the
camp preparations are overshadowed
at present, however, by the exemption
regulations shortly to be forthcoming.
"It is not true that every married
man will be exempt," declared a
prominent official recently In an inter
view. "That was the plan first pro
posed, he added.' "but later we got
clear away from that idea. The ques
tion oi w necner a man is marnea aoes
not figure in the regulations. The de
termining factor is whether he has
persons really dependent upon him for
support, either a wife or children,. an
old mother or 'ather. Xo man who
can show an actual legal dependent
will be taken, but married men whose
labor at home is not needed to support
their families will be taken."
The question of industrial exemp
tion will be left to the appeal board,
created in each federal "judicial dis
trict As in the case of exemptions
because of dependents, the rules of
industrial exemption are liable, so far
as the intent to exvuse every man
actually needed at home for the well
being of the nation is concerned. So
exemptions will be made by industrial
classes. Each .individual claiming
exemption wll be considered separately.
campus on construction work will
have to be dropped.
FIRST CONTINGENT OF
AMERICAN TROOFS IS
SAFE ON FRENCH SOIL
(Continued Prom Page One)
Fur j airmen here to teach American fliers. At extreme left, Allan R. Hawley.
Admiral Fiskc.
At extreme tight.
Rear
a
7rench aviators have arrived in America to advise and instruct American fliers. The party Is compo .-c
of picked French officers, every one of whom has been cited and decorated, and is in command of Captain
de Bcyriden. On their arrival in New York the French fliers were met by Allan R. Hawley, president of the
Aero Club of America, and Kear Admiral Bradley A. FLke.
mm
live
mileage and service
creaxe a ae
jnand great
er than for
rubber, tough faerie,
ilycuraDietread-
i . x an (.'iii-jow . . .
i
MILITARY CHAPLAIN SOLDIERS AND BEAR
IMPORTANT FACTOR i MEET DURING BATTLE
IN FRENCH VICTORY; AGAINST FOREST FIRE
Dragon's Cave Is Captured Hames In Uunsahua Mount-
From Germans In Brilliant
ly Executed Attack; Some
Trenches Are Also Taken.
succeeded in getting through the ranks
of the soldiers. About a dozen sold'er3
were brought to Douglas today suffer
ing from illness and minor injuries. A
rumor current among the fire fighters
is that an escaped convict is setting
fire to the mountains in order to dis
tract attention from his pursuit
Fires have been breaking out on the
reservation in an unaccountable man-
aim Reported To Be Gain-'n1fr ,for tw ee8; " aountt of
r . . rl the long-continued drought the situa-
uig nearway in opue or
f
1
diamond i
Tread 1 Ir-SS I
Fhelps-Doclge Merc. Co. i:
BISBEE.AEIZ.
.-rr.7 i-ffTfri..i,iiiiiiiilili)IHlilHlIIMlll
JAPAN URGES CHINA
TO DECLARE WAR ON
GERMANY IMMEDIATELY
(By Review Leased Wire).
TOKIO, June 27. Viscount Motono,
the Japanese foreign minister, in his
address to the diet yesterday, did not
refer to the recent American note to
China, but he dealt with China's atti
tude toward the war, which for Ja
pan "possessed very great impor
tance." China, continued the forejgn
minister, had requested Japan's ad
vice regarding America's invitation
that she break relations with Cer
many, and Japan had counseled China
to accept the invitation in China's own
interest. Judged from the Japanese
standpoint the step was desirable, he
added, because it was incontestable
that Germany was pursuing dangerous
"machinations against Japan and her
allies.
Viscount Motono regretted that in
ternal dissensions had prevented
China's formally entering the war, but
he hoped she would decide for war and
thus remove the German danger l
peace in the far eat. ally herself with
the defense of the rights of humanity,
and win the world's sympathy.
Premier Terauthi. in his address,
emphasized Japan's sincere gratifica
tion at America's entry into the war.
and voiced his regret that the settle
ment of the factional troubles in China
had not been effected. Japan, he said,
was closely watching events in China,
with which nation Japan's relations
were cordial and intimate.
The I'nited States Can Company of
Cincinnati has purchased live acres
in the West Side manufacturing dis
trict of Chicago and work will b-ein
at once on a building to cost about
W.O00. the first oik- of the initial unit
oi tLe pldut costing about $:0U.(K(i.
on Lhair usual routes. Army reserve
stores were still depleted from the
border, mobilization. Regiments were
below war strength.
Work of Preparation.
That as the condition when Presi
dent Wilson decided that the plea of
the French high commissioner should
be answered and a force of regulars
sent at once to France. At his wrod
the war department began to move.
Gen. Pershing was summoned quietly
to Washington. His arrival created
some speculation in the press but at
the request of Secretary Baker the
newspapers generally refrained from
discussion of this point.
There were a thousand other activ
ities afoot in the department at the
time. All the business of preparing
the military registration of ten mil
lion men. of providing quarters and
instructors for nearly 50,000 prospec
tive officers, for finding arms and
equipment for millions of troops yet to
be organized, of expanding the regu
lar army to full war strength, or pre
paring and recruiting the national
guard.
General Pershing dropped quietly in
the department and set up the first
headquarters of the American expedi
tionary forces in a little office hardly
large enough to hold himself and his
personal staff. There,. with the aid of
the general staff, of Secretary Baker,
and of the chiefs of the war depart
ment bureaus, tlie plans were worked
out.
Press Does Share.
Announcement that the force would
be sent under General Pershing was
made May 18. The press gave the
news to the country and there were
daily stories. There cam a day wnen
4Jereral Pershing was nc lunger in the
department Officers of the general
staff suddenly were missing from
their desks. Xo wor dof this was re
ported. Then came word from Eng
land that Pershing and his officers
were there. All was carried through
without publicity.
Other matters relating to the expe
dition were carried out without a word
of publicity. The regiments that were
to go with General Pershing were all
selected before he left and moving to
ward the seacoast from the border.
Other regiments also were moving
north, east and west to tlic points
where they were to be expanded, and
the movements of the troops which
were to be the first in France were
obscured in all this hurrying 'of troop
trains over the land.
Great shipments of war supplies be
gan to assemble at the embarkation
points. Liners suddenly were taken
off their regular runs with no an
nouncement A groat armada was
made ready, supplied, equipped as
transports, loaded with men and tuns
and sent to sea. and all nvitli virtually
no mention from the press.
War Department Silent.
The navy bears its full share in the
achievement. From the time me
troop ships left their docks and head
ed toward sea. responsibility for the
lives of their thousands of men rested
upon the captains ud the crews of the
fighting ships that moved beside or
swept the sea lanes ahead of them.
While his troops wore embarking or
steaming toward tluir destination.
General Pershing anil his staff, sup
plemented by u i.pcual corps of go:i
fctil taif Vitfuerb. Lave been buj- In1
(By Review Leased Wire).
FRENCH FRONT IN FRANCE,
June 27. A French military chaplain
figured prominently with the French
troops in a brilliantly successful at
tack on the Dragon's Cave, on the
Chemin des Dames in the neighbor
hood of Hurtebise. While advancing
with a stretcher-bearer detachment
the chaplain was confronted by the
fearsome figure of a German officer
wh'ose clothing was aflame. The chap
lain raised a crucifix and offered re
ligious comfort to the burning man.
who pointed to the rear, where anoth
er German officer
Troops' Valiant Efforts.
(By Review Leased Wire).
DOUGLAS, June 27. Two hundred
soldiers, who have been fighting three
fires in the Chiricahua forest reserva- DeftfaeSS Cannot Be Cured
tion is filled with danger.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING QUICK RESULTS
tion for nearly a week, were reporica
tonight to be losing ground. Captain
Meyer and his detail succeeded in get
ting the fire out in Ward canyon. but
in some manner it broke out further
up the mountain and swept the divide.
Forest Supervisor Prytchiy and Lieut.
Harington are handling the situation
in Mormon and Rucker canyonr,
where large tracts of valuable timber
are endangered. Arivals here tonight
was creeping out i told or numerous aeer. one mountain
lion and several bears, which were
has been used
of a hole.
The chaplain, still holding the crhci-: driven frjm the woods by the fire and
fix aloft advanced shouting to the
Germans to surrender. The officer re
plied: "We are ready but win sur
render only tt an officer."
A French officer approached and en
tered the cave, where 150 Germans, in
cluding three officers, laid down their j JJy. the greatest of all purifiers,
arms. I A common mistake in the treat-
How the French attacked the posi- j ment of scrofula has been the use
tion was peculiar. The southern en-, of mercury and other mineral mix
trance of the enormous cavern, be-! J". the effect of which is to . hot
" . ... tie up the impurities in the blood,
tween Grotto farm and the monument , and thmyiTOm the surface.
commemorative of a Napoleonic vie- 7nc impurities and dangers-arc
t'ory in 1846, was held by the French, only added to in this way.
the northern entrance by the Germans. For more than fifty years S. S. S.
The cavern was 500 feet long and 300 has been the one recognizea rename
feet broad. Across it the Germans had i blood remedy that
built a brick wall. Above, on the ridge, j
the French and German trenches were
separated by only a few yards. The !
French objective was to drive the Ger-1
mans from the cavern and gain the i
observation points on the surface.
The German trenches were won in ;
a flank attack. While the souinern
entrance was filled with gas, which
; .. .... .-1. . . 1 1 r. .1 on.i .
UUI UICI U C .VI L na3 .IIL IU 11 aim .uu n
ered with machine gun bullets. This
succeeded bejVmd all expectations and I
resulted in the capture of 317 prison- j
ers, including a number of officers. .
The French now hold all the dominat- j
ing points on this part of the Chemin !
des Dames.
The prisoners came in batches with j
1. .1 1 1 a Ll.i t . - I a i. .
iiuiius uem uiKii in me air aim suuui- i
ing: "The war is over." ifl
The entire French casualties during
the operation were fewer than the
number of German prisoners taken.
by local applications, na 'her crimiut rmch
the difaapd portion o' tv.e -.r- il)i-rt- ij
only .me way to cur, rieatnoaa. arui iliat ia
by .onvltuilon.-il rfrnt'din. lnfii, a !
cauacd - y mi Intlanit-d condition of th mu
coua linitif; of the lv.ia:achiati Tube. Wu-n
thia tube la Inf1;im-1 you have a rumbluiir
Bound or lnip-rl-ct hearing, and h-n it ia
entirely rlopt-tl. I.iin-as ia the fault. an
unlraa the itidniiuiiatioa c. he tnkon on:
and thia tube r..ei.r--d to its normnl condi-
tion. hearing will be destroyed forever; nine '
cnaea ovl of ten are cnuaed b- Oarnrrh.
which fa nothing but an lullamed condition .
of the mucoua surfaces. '
We will -,-ive On.- Hundred lr.lltra for any
ease of IH-afness ""cana-il by enturrhi that '
cannol he cur-d or Halt's Catarrh Cure. .
Send 1 .T i-lmilnra. free,
P. J. CHENEV tt CO. To!e. Ohio
Sold by Druc-ciata. Tie
Taka Hall s Kan-.lly I"illa l- ior
All Traces of Scrofula
Eradicated from the System
with highly satisfactory results for
Scrofula. Being made of the roots
and herbs of the forest, it is guaran
teed purely vegetable, and absolutely
free from all mineral ingredients.
You can obtain S. S. S. from any
drugstore. Our chief medical adviser
is an expert on all blood disorders,
and will- cheerfully give you full
advice as to the treatment of your
own case. Address Swift Specific
Co., Dept. F Atlanta, Ga.
AN INVITATION TO YOU!
TO SPEND YOUR VACATION AT
ocmii PARK
CALIFORNIA
Wonderful breeze to enjoy wonderful scenes
to view ! The famous raliales fronting the
i"aci6c Ocean: semi - tropical ocean - front
park; beamitul Santa Monica Canyon : pic
turesque Toparffo Canyon : the noyel Camera
)bcura; Japanese fishing Tillage; maRmnccnt
beaches, attractive amusements; good schools
and churches. Kine family hotels, reasonable
rates, every courtesy and attention.
For imormjtion address the Secretary,
Santa Monica-Ocean Park Chamber
of Commerce, Santa Monica,
V2IERETHE MOUNTAINS MEET THE SfAl
COOL RIGHTS tXSXt HTART5
NO PLACE! LIKE IT IN ALL fAMERICAl
'tii ijH'F W iriVs f Isaal
v c- , . , .1 -1
. ti f 1
I M
flfS'l sail ii lisjwfllll3 '
Review Want Ads Bring Results
of
Thousands
Will Be G O
Kitchens pspQ
arl
1
faaaj aarssaaal
This Summer
Will Yours?
'If RELIABLE
J GAS RANGES
France preparing the way for the new
army that .is to fling itself soon
against the German lines. The camp
sites have been selected, and details
of the filial training to be given before
the move to the front begins have
been worked out and the question of
supply and transportation lines stud
led. Regiments of the national army,
composed of railway workers and en
gineers, will aid in that work. They,
too, have been t reated in a few weeks'
time.
The war duparliiient has no an
nouncement to nitike as to General
Pershing's disposition of his forces.
Presumably that has been left to him
to deride in eonferem-e with the
French general staff and with officials
of the Briiish army.- The Ameriran
troops will be an independent f in e,
co-ope rating with the allies. It has
been simgcMcd that tho Ameriran
forces might be placed between the
French and I'ritisli forces as a con
necting link, but the exigencies of the
planned campaigns will govern that
question.
Equip your kitchen with a GAS RANGE and a GAS FIRED WATER HEATER and free your kitchen
tasks from all disagreeable features.
CLEAN, practically without effort on your part, b ecause dust and ashes are eliminated. EFFICIENT, be-
cause a gas range ana water neater wiu ao your cooKing ana Daiang
and provide abundant hot water at the lowest possible expenditure of
time and fuel.
ill vin t
: 111 II: - - I VG
Sir KtUABtE V.I f-"I
OAS RANOti
COMFORTABLE not only in a physical sense, but because of
relief from the many- worries that beset the particular housekeeper who
must depend upon an uncertain coal range.
We have a complete assortment of gas ranges on display, as well
as the different types of water heater. An investigation will place you
under no obligation. Call at our store or ask us to send a representative.
Bisbee
mprovemeir
Co SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JUNE 23, 1917
VILLA
UHIIS
TOWARD JUAREZ
Excitement Is Caused In Bor-
rW City When Bandit Chief
Wires Mu-oTjia To Come
O-'t Ard Fght; Chihuahua
Abandoned.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
FL PASO. Tex, Jnne 27. Francisco
Villa was at Villa Ahumada, 85 miles
smith of Juarez, according to informa
tion received by government agents
here tonirtit Residents of Juarez
were much concerned tonight because
of Villa's reported movement north
ward as they fear he may attempt to
ranfure the border town. Many
Mranee faces have appeared in Juarez
during the past two days and several
have been recognized as former fol
lowers of Villa.
The fact that Villa had moved from
Terranzas Station, to Villa Ahumada,
a distance of 100 miles since last
night was taken here to indicate he
was moving bis command on trains.
Train service has been suspended be
tween Juarez and Chihuahua City be
cause of Villa' activities and two
railroad bridpes were reported to have
been burned south of Terrazas. The
railroad telegraph line was left open
however A message signed "Fran
cisco Villa" was received in Juarez
last night from Terrazas Station in
viting General Jose Carlos Murguia to
.come out and fieht and was said to
have been received over the telegraph
line. This was a favorite of Villa's in
the past.
The families of , General Eduardo
Hernandez and General Francisco Gon
zalez came to Juarez on the last train
from Chihuahua City and are now liv
ing in El Paso. Rumors that General
Francisco Murguia and his staff had
been captured in Zacatecas by rebels
and that Torreon had been captured
by Marcelo Caraveos were not con
firmed tonight.
AMENDED MEASURES
TO REVENUE BILL
ARE EXPECTED SOON
(Rv Review Leased Wire).
WASHINGTON", June 27. Indeci
sion over the rate to be laid upon ex
cess war profits delayed compleMon
of the war revenue bill until tomor
row, but Senator Simmons, chairman
of the finance committee, hopes to
Npresent the amended measure to the
senate Friday. Senators La Follette,
Gore. Thomas and others are expected
to join in a minority report on the plan
to levy taxes Only upon incomes, li
quors, excess profits and tobacco.
Upon reconsideration today of the
sugar drawback provision, the commit
tee decided to adhere to its decision
to repeal the present law giving such
allowances to refiners, totaling $19,
000,000 annually.
Action of Secretary of Navy Daniels
in making public a letter to Governor
Ueecknian of Rhode Island, relating to
conditions at Newport, before letter
had reached the governor and before
he has had opportunity to make reply;
is severely criticised.
Hi v
? SKIN
SOIT AS
viivr? i
Kn-f Pure. Nearly
f S.eetly scented. It 1
neutral.
produces a
wrn t.i;cs, soit, creamy lather, re-
laoves imparities, Icanj the flech
as solt as velvet and without that
drawn feeling always following
tS the use ot an alkaline soao.
i
Cnce use it and you wiU be j
a convert for life.
C'illforFreeSaTTipie.oraCTidtwo I
Cfrits to cover cost oi tnailine and I Jrr1
fo-'tlef. "Ore i-ft.n." I
McDonalds Marinello Shop '
I Phone 305
10,400 Per Gent Profit in
Ten Weeks
Thfi is the sworn testimony cf
Lewis J. Selrnick before the N. Y.
Legislative committee investigating
the huge profits cf the Motion Pic
ture business. He organized a Film
Company with $1,000 capital and in
Ten weeks earne"! a profit of $105,
000. If ycu would be interested in
a Corrpary whc?e estimated pro
fits on each cf its feature produc
tions Is fully 100 per cent, a Com
pany who's insuring enormous re
turns to its stockholders, address
for particulars and proofs,
B. L. BENAYSSA,
Suite 225 1402 Broadway
New York Ctiy.
WITH I,1!) MEN
i e u m J f i a -5 i .w i
ski? u'm mm
fc iw I "rr? s J
NATION'S LEADERS IN WOMAN'S COMMVi
x'r iimii iiirmMlia rnfc i hmftf iiMammi mn- iin i i i i ... ....
xiagn " '
t The leading women
.national defense. Lt
trie Chapman Catt, Mrs.
FOOD LEGISLATION
ASSUMES NEW AND
MORE DRASTIC FORM
Strong Prohibition Provisions
Are Written Into Measure
By The Senate Agricultural
Committee.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. June 27 Food con
trol legislation assumed new and more
drastic form today when the senate
agriculture committee virtually re
drafted many of the more Important
i reautres of the house measure and re
ported it with material extensions or
'. government power and new "bone-dry"
; prohibition provisions to stop manu
facture of intoxicating beverages dur
ing the war. The president would be
authorized to permit wine-making and
to commandeer existing distilled spir
its. The amended bill was presented to
the senate by Senator Chamberlain.
He will have tomorrow to have it sub
stituted for the draft the senate has
been debate and proceed with all ex
pedition toward final action.
The new prohibition plan, all lead
ers admitted tonight, greatly compli
cates the situation and precludes en
actment of the legislation by July 1.
Scope Extended.
In extending the -scope of the legis
lation and the president's powers, the
committee adopted amendments whigh
would orovide for government contral,
in addition to food, feed and fuel, or
iron, steel, copper and their products,
farm implements and machinery, fer
tilizers and binding twine materials.
Other important amendments ap
proved would authorize the govern
ment to take over and operate factor
ies, packing houses, oil wells and
mines, regulating wages of their em
ployes and to commandeer supplies of
any and every kind, when needed for
the army and navy, "or any other pub
lic use connected with the public de
fense." Another would empower the govern
ment to buy and sell for general civil
ian purposes food, feeds and fuels with
lllmitaton upon the general legislation
'making 1t apply to agencies and pro-
ducts only in interstate or foreign
I commerce.
I The amendments were declared by
j senators, who have been opposing as
;well as those supporting the legislation
;to improve the bill and remove almost
all opposition eTcent upon prohibition.
n r I. ' i ; i
I rroniomon vote.
The prohibition section was written
i into the bill by a vote of 9 to 7. The
committee reiected. 8 o 7. Its sub-com
mittee's recommendation that the pres
ident be given authority to permit
continuance of manufacture of malt
and frmented beverages.
While the committee was revising
the honse measure, senate debate on
the original Chamberlain draft was
siisnended.
The posoibil'tr of a filibuster be
cause of the drastic prohibition pro
posal is beine considered. Senate lead
ers aeree that the prohibition fight
will be long and one of the most
strenuous In the senate's history, with
alignment extremely close on the
oiipstinn of stopping the manufacture
of beer.
In re-writlng and extending the bill
the committee adopted a new amend
ment aimed to prevent government
employes or officers from selling their
own materials to the government
STRIKES TOO NUMEROUS
DECLARES McBRIDE.
I (By Review Leased Wire.)
i
SALT LAKF, Utah. June 27.
"Strives ar becoming so numerous
that I would not be surprised if the)
federal government took over the met
al mining properties and the smelters
of the west and fixed a maximum sell
ing price which would automatically
fly the wares." declared John McBride.
representative of the department of
lahor. who is in Salt Le tiring to
sMflp te wapp d'sntite between the i
'ntemntlonal Smelting Comnonv and '
, f 's emn'oves. Mr. McRride declared)
he would wait here but a few days;
more to see whether a settlement of
'the difficulties could be affected. j
Woman's committee of council
of the country are represented in this committee and the work they are doinp has been of the greatest aid to the council c-
.... .. .. . . r. . I f - I II , rf l-rT,- .tTlrA 1 TT .. li,l 1
to neht in the picture: Miss Maua wetmore, Mrs. josian iti. owies, .uiss ma :ti. larcti. ur. Ainm ji'r.varn sraiv, ur.. .uri
Joseph R. Lamar, Mrs. Philip N. Moore, Mrs. Stanley McCmtoick and Mrs Ira Couch V ooJ. I
SENSATIONAL CHARGE
AGAINST PROSECUTION
MADE IN BOMB TRIAL
Defense Claims District At
torney Induced Witness To
Change Testimony; Letters
From "Blast". Office f Dis
puted. (By Review Leased Wire.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 27. The de
fense in the murder trial of Mrs. Rena
Mooney charged in court today that
a witness for the prosecution had been
threatened with indictment if he did
not change his testimony. .
The witness, G. de Lorenzo, a mu
sician, yesterday stated he could not
identify Mrs. Mooney as a woman he
had seen on the roof of a building just
before the Preparedness parade ex
plosion bere last July, which caused
the deaths of ten persons.
Today Lorenzo identified Mrs.
MOoney from a photograph as the
woman he had seen and said he had
heard her remark as she looked at the
marchers: "What an awful mess a
machine gun would make."
On cross-examination by Edward V.
McKenzie, of the defense, it was
brought out that earlier in the day de
Lorenzo had been in the district at
torney's office with Detective Draper
Hand.
Letters Are Disputed.
After Assistant District Attorney
Ferrari had submitted for identifica
tion many letters purported to have
been taken from the office Of "Bhe
Blast," an alleged anarchistic publica
tion, J. H. McNutt, attorney for the
defense, protested against the further
submission of these letters, saying
they were foreign to the case being
tried.
"The state said it would connect
Mrs. Mooney with an alleged anarchis
tic conspiracy, which it is claimed cul
minated in the bomb explosion," said
McNutt "I have waited for this al
leged conspiracy evidence to be laid
at Mrs. Mooney's door, but up to date
there has been no connection. These
letters are introduced for the purpose
of blackening the defendant in the
Jury's eyes."
Claims Plot Shown.
"I contend the defendant has been
connected wtih the conspiracy and
with Thomas J. Mooney and Warren
K. Billings," said Ferrari.
Billings, the first of the bomb de
fendants tried, is under sentence Of
life imprisonment. Mr. Mooney was
sentenced to hang.
Judge Seawall, it was understood,
ruled that if evidence tending to prove
conspiracy was finally admitted, it
would have to be directly connected
with Mrs. Mooney. .
The letter which caused McNutt's
chief objection was one purported to
have been written to Alexander Berk
man, editor of "The Blast," by Thomas
Moonev, in which the writer expressed
himself as against religion.
"You can't convict people because
they differ from you on religious mat
ters." said Judge Seawell.
Ferrari finally withdrew the letter,
but not until he had read one sen
tence, "Yours for the revolution."
The letters, alleged to have been
captured in the raid on the Blast
office, were introduced in evidence at
Mooney's trial. Several bore the sig
natures of Mooney and Berkman.
They related to proposed strikes.
ROOT ARRIVES AT
RUSSIAN HEADQUARTERS
(By Review Leased Wire !
RUSSIAN GENERAL HEADQUAR
TERS. June 26. via Tetrograd. June
27. Elihu Root and the whole military
staff of the American commission,
conducted by M. Tereschtenko. the
Russian foreign minister, arrived here
tonieht. Mr. Root. Maior General
Hugh L. Scott, military leader of the
commission and M. Tereschtenko im
mediately conferred with General
Bmssiloff. commander In chief of th
Russian armies. As a result of the
conference that the aides of the Gen
era! Scott shall begin a ten days tour
of the southwestern front, starting
from headquarters tomorrow afternoon.
'i'iW CJ rOUNCIL Or NA'itCXAL
of national defense in session.
MINES AT BUTTE NEAR
GOMPLETESHUTDOWN
Machinists, Boilermakers, And
Blacksmiths Leave Work;
Employes of One Smelter
Are Also Called Out.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
BUTTE, Mont., June 27. Mines in
Butte are nearer a complete shutdown
tonight than they have been in three
years. AH machinists, boiler maker;
and blacksmiths employed in the
mines quit work . today, leaving at
work in the mines the carpenters, en
gineers and some miners who have
been at work! since the Metal Mine
Workers' Union struck for higher
wages and improved working condi
tions. The engineers are to vote tonight
on whether to strike in sympathy with
the electricians who declared a strike
on the Montana Power Company and
then demanded that the miners influ
ence the Montana Power Company to
grant them the increased pay and also
that the mines recognize the metal
mine workers' union. The men walk
ed out today in sympathy with the
electricians.
Trouble Develops.
It was charged the electrical work
at the mines had been done by men
who are not union electricians. Or
ganizers of international who are in
Butte declare the electricians struck
without official sanction and that the
unions striking in sympathy are also
doing so illegally.
At the offices of the Aanaconda
Copper Mining company it was said
today that if the enigneers quit work
the pumps will be pulled out of the
mines and the 'mines flooded.
The force of m'ners at work was es
timated at ten per cent of thp normal
working force.
The mill and smelter men employed
at two ore reduction mills and one
smelter in Butte also struck today.
They have become members of the
Mtal Mine Workers' Union, having
given nn their charter in a union that
was affiliated with the American Fed
eration of Labor.
Rodoers Kept Busy. ,
W. H. Rodgers. commissioner of con
dition of the federal department of
labor, who is attempting to settle the
labor troubles, conferred yiday with
a committee of the electricians and
the strike committee of the Metal
Mine Workers' Union.
A new strike developed here late to
day when the newsbovs demanded
that an afternoon newspaper reduce
the price of its paper. The newsboys
chased the reeulsr carriers through
f'e streets and destroved their papers.
Policemen were necessary to escort
the carriers beyond the business cen
ters. MANY OLOBE UNIONS
i VOTE AGAINST STRIKE
GLOBE, June 27. Althoneh George
D. Smith, secretnrv of the Globe Min
ers' Union steadfastly refuses to an
nounce the da'e of the impending
stride c!l in the Globe-Miami district
it was unoicially announced at min
ers' union hall tonifrht that an order
: would be Issued tomorrow calling out
nearly 7.100 miners.
It was learned todav that P. G. Bec
kett, general manager of the Old Do
minion companv. had refused to re
ceive the grievance committee appoint
ed bv the union. He asserted that he
would only grant an audience with the
prfevance committee recently elected
from among bis own employes. No
effort has been made by the miners to
obtain conferences with Manager C. E.
Mills of the Inspiration Consolidated
Copper Company, but it is said that
the three big companies will stand to
eether in their refusal to meet griev
ance committees composed of men ap
pointed bv the unions.
The electrlcnl workers' locals in
both Globe and Mlnmi have already
vote to ooposp ffce. threatened s'rike
and it is authoritatively snid that the
carpenters, machinists, bot'er makers
nd frMpmcn will refuse their aid to
the rplners. Despite thf lack of sun
nort. It is spd that a strike call in the
Globe-Miami district will affect more
men than any of the recent mining
strikes.
v-
SUFFRAGISTS 60 TO .
JAIL RATHER THAN
PAY 25-DOLLAR FINES
Women Arrested For Carry
ing Banners And Obstruct
ing Traffic In Washington,
Hold Song Service In Jail.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, June 27 Behind
jail bars tonight, six women suffra
gists, convicted in police court today
of obstructing the sidewalk by display
ing propaganda banners before the
white house, held a song service and
suffrage meeting for the other forty
women inmates of the prison.
The suffragists were given their
choice of $25 fines or three days in
jail and decided to go to jail. They
did not attempt a hunger strike and
will be released Friday morning, part
of today and a few hours of Friday
being counted as full days.
The district prison house womens'
section presented an extrordinary
scene tonight. At a little organ in
the carpented corridor sat Miss Mabel
Vernon, of Reno, Nev., playing "God
be with you till we meet again" and
other hymns while about her stood
the little group of singers Miss Kath
erine Morey of Boston; Miss Virginia
Arnold of Ashville. N. C, Miss Lavin
Dock of Philadelphia; Miss Maud
Jamison of Norfolk, Va., and Miss An
nie R.Arneil, of Wilmington, Del.
Negro Women Amused.
Huddled on a stairway beyond a
partition were thirty negro women and
a few white women who joined in the
refrain. The jail matron gave the suf
fragists permission to address their
fellow prisoners and the meeting
which followed developed fervent
pleas for the cause of "votes for wo
men." Each suffragist has been assigned to
a separate cell on the lowest tier of
the cell block, with individual berths,
toilet facilities and towels. The berths
are clean, the walls are white and in
the corridor windows overlooking a
green courtyard and the eastern
branch of the Potomac.
"Considering that it is a jail, we are
very comfortably fixed." said Miss
Vernon to a newspaper man who was
permitted to call. "We had shoulder.
kale, bread and tea for supper, and j
now we are just having a little singing
bee before bed time."
Suffragists Silent.
The other young women smiled
wanly and nodded their approval of
the statement. Bessie Jones, a negro
woman charged with larceny, inter
rupted at this point, shouting
through the bars:
"And don't you forget that we've
been here a long time and we're hav
ing a good time tonight for once."
The suffragists declined to discuss
their imprisonment. Nor was any
comment forthcoming from headquart
ers of the National Womans' Party
which has directed the picketing dem
onstrations during the last -weight
months and whose leaders agreed in
police court that joil sentences should
be accepted instead of fines. j
Charees of obstructing the s'dewal't. i
are pending against other women j
pickets, hut the date of their trial has j
not been set. In the meantime the
suffragists are making no announce
ment as to further activities in front
of the White House .
NEW RRFEK MINISTRY
IS AMI AIMED WITH
CHEHBAT ATHENS;
i
(By Review Leased Wire.)
ATHENS. June 27. The new C.reeX :
ministry headed by E. Venizelos took j
the ith at the palace today and was !
scclaimfd by nn enthusiastic crowd re
turning to the eovemment bulldlna:. !
where M. Venizclos delivered a speech
from a balconv. warmly thankin? th
neople for thHr plaudits. Strong mil-l
itary precautions aeainst possible dis
orders proved unnecessary and the i
malcontents showing themselves were I
In a small minority.
TT enderson will try and
a. jl
please you,
Watkins, he
helps too,
L
U
M
B
umber has gone up
a little as
sual as other
things has,
ighty good
time to buy
efore things
get so high
Each month you put off
building that home you
un a risk of
having none
ome let us
talk to you,
Ison may offer some
suggestions too.
PHONE 16
R
C
O
M. KEANE
High Class Tailor,
Airdome Theatre
Lowell, - Arizona
O. K LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
EYE NERVE GLASSES
Study and much re
search work since
1892, is the cause of
my. successful practice
m Bisbee. Dr. R.
Glaze, Neutrologist,
Room 1. Maze Bldg Phone. Office
156, Residence, Black 420.
We are paying good prices
for hides. .
ARIZONA JUNK CO.
Lowell, Arizona.
WATKINS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
J The HALLMARK Store
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicit Your -Patronage.
PHONE 58
CHICHESTER S PILlS
KB A Ml
0
boin, Md with Blj KiHxm.
Tk M Iker Bar t iM,
D1A jo IfRANU J-il.1., ti
jmrs known n Best. Safest. AI,rs Pdiaua
SAID PY P!J!inr,!5TS FVFBYHHERf
aw n
BISBEE-DOUGLAS STAGE
WINTON SIX
Travel in 1'jxury roomy, comfortable cars; careful, courteous drivers.'
Leave Copper Qu?en Hotel. Bisbe and Gadsden Hotel Douglas on the
hour commencing eight A. M. daily. Tia Lowell and Warren. Arrange
ments may be made for private parties and special trips.
MOTOR TRANSIT CO.
Phone. Bisbee 9S
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber Ac Co.,
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan, New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
LOWELL
J. B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
Now is the time to buy a
BEACH LOT
$350
$1.00 Down
$1.00 Per Week
10 OS on Excess Payment
No Interest No Tax.
Seashore Colony Tract. Newport
Beach.
25 choice sand lots; former price,
$500. Gas. water and electricity at
hand. Electric cars through tract;
ta'u on tract. A bona fide op
po: Uy to double your money
iu:y.
C. L. Lancaster, Owner ;
603 Central Bldg., Lot Angeles
Or Newport Beach, CaL
r
The Hotel Paisley)
432 Geary St, San Franctoco, Cat
One Block From St. Francis
Opposite Columbia Theatre
100 Outside Rooms With Bath.
Rate $1.00 a Day And Up
Under The Management of
Ed. Anderson Win. Robinson
All Geary Street Cars Direct From
Ferry To Hotel.
V
Phone.. Douglas 342
ORDERS ARE PROMPTLY
FILLED
Business Is booming in the
building line, which shows itself
in the bustle of our yard, and
our teams, that are kept busy,
but that is what we are here
for buBlness and we are get
ting it by offering the fine kiln
dried lumber, in tjnth soft and
bard woods, at lower prices,
quality considered, than can be
found in the district.
Compatty. im
CAR STOP.
PHONE 29.
I f "sCATARRH ! ;
BLADDER!
ti nSiil I Benewdli ;:
I Vl vlfDT24. Hours ; :
M 111 y Each Cmp. x-v J
-"ih UAmw 4w- t THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JUNE 28, 1917.
SEVEN
f
t
5
I
i
-i
: J
"S
-:!
VJ
Review Want Ads
Advertisement ander thOVead at the rat ef 1 cent per word for each
mm with a mlnlmnm eaarff ot 26 cents. Advertlse-ienta must reseb The
ftariew office ot later Uan I J. m. for Insertion in the nest morning paper
Wanted
WANT TO BENT Unfurnished
house, four .to six rooms; Quality
Hill or near to Loretto school. See
J. M. McFariaad. Reviaw office, after
7 p. m. da
WANTED 500 shares Associated
Pharmacists stock; must be reason
able. Address K. E. S Box 157.
Clifton, Aril. 295
WANTED Experienced collector.
Address F. O. Box 1258. statins ex
perience and in what line. 294
WANTED Chambermaid at Copper
Queen Hotel. 298
WANTED Bargain in house and lot.
Address T. C care Review. 478
WANTED Furniture
Green 69S.
and
oil stove.
461
WANTED Woman. Swedish pre
ferred, to do cooking and general
.house wtork for small family. Phone
417. - 234
COMPETENT lady stenographer, ex
perienced, wants work. C. A, Re-
Tiew. . . 226
WANTED Competent maid to go to
Berner's Resort to care for children
and cook: Phone 359. . . 225
WANTED Marrisd man to work en
hares;. everything furnished. Ap
ply Martin's ranch. Taylor bridge,
Sulphur Springs valley. 194
DRESSMAKER Up-to-date dressma
ker. Room. 11.' Hughes House. 189
WANTED Bellboy wanted at Copper
Queen hotel , . 911
WANTED Painting and paper hang
ing. Ed Bennett. P. O. Box W Low
ell. , v . . .'. . 423
- For Rent
FOR RENT Warren, : four-rotm
house;', . bath,- hot ". water, screen
porch: : Call last door north Hughes
Blk, Y. M. C. A. 303
FOR RENT Three iXtonm and screen
porch, garage. -in Warren; water
paid, $14.50' per month; furniture,
175.09. Phone Red 316. 465
FOR RENT Four unfurnished rooms,
14 Laundry Hill. Mrs. P. J. Shearer.
v '. 468
FOR RENT Unfurnished new house,
three nice rooms and porch. 224
-; School Hill. 476
FOR RENT Sixteen-room unfur
. nished house. Inquire Stag Club. 467
FOR KENT 2 unfurnished rooms. Co
chise row; no children. Mrs. L. "B.
Cary.. 436
, 'v, -,' ' -
FOR RENT Three-room . furnished
bouse; large chicken yard, 116; wat
er paid. Miller .Hill.- back Water
Tank.. 230
FOR RENT Modern eight-room fur
nished house In Long Beach; eight
blocks from ocean; rent cheap for
summer months. R. J. Hadsell, new
junior high school, Lowell, Ariz. 231
FOR RENT Four-room house in War
,ren. -Apply Boyle House .Upper
Lowell. . 178
FOR SALE Ford roadster.
Bledsoe.
Hood
FOR SALE Fine Jersey bull at Ben--son;
-eight-room brick building at
' Phoenix; for sale or exchange for
patented or . relinquishment near
Sonoita or Elgin, Ariz. Frank The
roux. Box L . Benson, Ariz. ." 117
FOR 8ALE Fryers, hens and eggs by
the-ase -direct irom the ranch,' for
hotel-and restaurant; also laying
fhehs'and pullets for sale. Arizona
i Poultry Yards, R. 2, Phoenix, Ariz.
I 116
For Sale
FOR SALE Cheap, an Overland
truck.' Phone 70L 224
FOR SALE Ford, $175.00. Inquire
' at once. Mrs. Hoffman's, Higgins
stop. 469
PETEY DINK Then, Too, They May Get a Free Trip to Paris
i " (feH&Su t&jjmM Uiimn () bw- (
For Sale.
FOR SALE Furniture DP two house
keeping rooms. Rooms far nentt 136
Opera Drive, next to old Opera
House. 300
FOR SALE OR RENT Five-room ce
ment block house ,one block from
car line; peach trees, chicken house,
wood house and wash house. J. H.
Wickware. 188
FOR SALE Board and rooming house.
65 boarders. John Wohchelegel,
Box 982. 192
FOR SALE Ten-room house, modern
improvements; party leaving town;
good investment t'o right party. J.
C McCunniff. Jones Hill. 437
FOR SALE 1,000 shares Louisiana
Arizona Copper Co., 25c each. B. L.,
Review office. 439
FOR SALE Chevrolet car, 1917 mod
el, A-l condition; wind wheel'; extra
tire. Slag Dump Garage, between
2 and 3. 229
FOR SALE Cheap, Western Electric
'sewing machine. Apply S. E. Mar
sey, Jr, No. 5 Quality Hill, Smith
house. 223
FOR SALE Twenty head of cattle
and ten or twelve calves. Write M.
D, Review. 235
FOR SALE One milch cow. Behind
Brophy Corra, Ltowell. Joe Diaa. 146
FOR SALE Seventeen head of cat
' tie, including one good milk cow and
heifer calf. Write C. C, Review. 123
FOR SALE: Rooming bouse, cheap.
Call Phone 816.
FURNITURE FOR SALE The John
son Addition Furniture Co. wants
to pay yon the highest cash prices
for your second tAnd furniture. Al
so wants to trade or exchange you
new furniture for your old. We will
sell you - furniture - cheaper than
anybody on easy payments. Call
In at the big brick building at the
Johnson Addition and let us show
you our large and selected stock of
bouse furnisnings, or phone as at
' our store. Pbone 385. Johnson Ad
dition LOST
LOST Wednesday, on Douglas road,
casing 'and inner tube. Please re
turn Review toffice. Reward. 302
LOST Tan leather porcketbViok. con
taining money, papers and owner's
name; liberal reward for return to
C. & A. Dispensary. 232t
' PROFESSIONAL CARDS
DR. B.' J.- FINCH, Veterinary Sur
geon and Dentist Phone 701. 228
1
Miscellaneous
DROP A CARD to - the Guarantee
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for all
kinds of work in our line. Pat Clea
ry, manager. Box 1415. Phone 720
THE Blackburn System is the quickest
and most thorough taught anywhere.
Including Dress-cutting, Designing.
Pattern-making and Dressmaking.
The full course will make you pro
ficient and equip you to teach these
branches. Room 4, Maze Bldg., Mis.;
Grant 926
$50,000 to loan on Improved city prop
erty or for building, on easy terms
of. payment T. A. Hughes, over
Bank of Bisbee. 697
COX CO. loans S5 to $50 without se
curity to men or women in perma
nent positions. Mi honest wage
earner refused, - easiest weekly or
monthly payments, cheapest rates,
also loans on furniture, pianos, etc.
Confidential, quick service. See us
if you need money. New Lyric
Theatre llldg.. Room 2, Phone 794.
821
To Exchange
WILL TRADE Dresser for trunk; 1
also for sale Singer sewing machine j
and other household goods. 143 !
Opera Drive, back. . 464 :
f
I
I
I
l
I
I
v;. IsOdge Notices
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
leets every Friday night. Moose Hall, i
isitlng brothers cordially invited.
V R TONKIN Dictator. i
KAY ROSS, Secretary, j
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medlgovicb
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month
Visiting brothers we.i
come.
JM. C. UENTON, Councillor.
J. L. BENTON, Recording Secretary
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L O. I NO. 210.
Meets in I. O j
O. P. Hall sec,
ond and fourth
SATURDAY
at 7:30 p. m
Vlcitinc lit-nt h
ers cordlalb'i
....
invited 10 ai
tend.
; GEO. SLEEMAN, W. M.
! ROBERT FERGUS, Secretar
i P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Hal
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meett
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of eac
i monm at :ju p. m.
MRS. ANNA C. RICHARDS. W. M.
Phone 230.
P. O. Box 841. Bisbet
I sins jeaaoi ccvAn, eec y. i . w. i-uj
; 2299, Chairman Relief Com. Phone 161.
;
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy HalL
J. L. WINTERS, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clers
All woodmen incited.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first and thirc
.Thursdays at 7:30 n. m '
in Medigovich Hall. All
visiting ilea aien invitee ,
to atteno.
Wm. DELBRIDGE, Sachem.
W. D. COHEN, Medicine Mai
F. C. FENDERSON. C. of "R.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Furnished Room
"rr,"
FOR RENT Two furnished
with kitchen and sleeping porch
Mrs.,Nyberg. Warren. Phone 373.
27
a a .u T, .a i i
LJfei
FOR RENT Two furnished rooni3 for 1 li.ibee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E., mecu 'plat thereof now on file in the office of tion to make three year proof, to estab
batching. Inquire 176 Naco road, i firs' and tiilri MONDAYS, 8. p. m. the County Recorder of Cochise Coun- Iish claim to the land above described.
Holbrook stop.
299
I FOR RENT Furnished two house-.
I keeping rooms: gas light and water (
j in. Steven, 224 School Hill. 477
'
! FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
1 man and wife. Inquire Metz stop, J. '
I E. Cain. 46C I
Three furnished room
FOR RENT
for light L'jusekeeping. Nora Cun
ningham, 89 Upper Lowell. Phone
Blue 771. 18(.
FOR RENT Cool furnished sleeping ;
or batching rooms. Custom House. I
4i2j
I
FOR RENT Furnished sleeping !
porch bedro'jni. 117 School Hill, red i
cottage block north High School. 236 ;
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished
$2.00 per week and up.
Miscellaneous
rooms
405
JISBEE Mattress Upholstering Works
Johnson Addition. We make new
mattresses; old ones made over as
gotid as new; bid mattress called for
nd delivered same day. We also
make the roll feather mattress. We
do upholstering and furniture repair-
ing; free delivery. Phone 734. 7
WEEK ENDING JUNE 30. 1917.
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
' N. C. BLEDSOE. W. M.
B. T. WATKINS, Secy. F. & A. M.
1 A. M. COLWELL, E. H. P.
! C. F. PHILBROOK. T. I. M.
J. E. FRY, E. C.
F S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chapter
aDd Comma" dery. j
w- " BAAtt-a- secretary council.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday
(except seconaj in oaasal(l c.dthi;ie couiny; reserving and :
Fellows Hall at 7:JU. howevcr. oul of the erant;
p. m. visiting orouiers
"oraiaiiy tnvitea.
EARL oOBL
J. C. K
C. C.
.GBAUM, K. of R.
t. f. a
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
.W--il?.4iJ
"15t4 ' . j
w wisDee loqbb i
m J !
Vv jM? of each month at
7:30 at Odd FeV
lows' HalL Vilt
U!
,nK members cordially invited.
OUU niVIS TroK)Hpnt
PHIL- DAVIS. President
MRS. C. E. F1NOTTI. Treasurer
Box 722, Tel. 236, Red.
KATHER1NE SALHOLM, Secretary.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Frl
day of each month. Visiting brother
cordially invited to attend.
R E. WARNER. Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY. Secretary. '
PYTHIAN SISTERS.
Lily Temple. No. ".meets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening cf earl ,
month at Odd Fellows Hair
Vis'tinr .
sisters are cordially invited.
ANNA HART. M. E. C.
JEANET SWEENEY. M. of R. C
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbet. Cams No. 13415
j&JrtT Meets first Tuesday at
"5visKiyy uaa reuows nan.
R. L. MOTZ. Consul.
H. F. M.THEWSON.
Clerk.
BISBEE LODGE. No. 10. I. O. O. F.
Meets ever !
WKnviraniv
pvenin- 'it Ot'd !
'-' ; Ffllnua hi;
Main street at 7:00 p. m V.isitii)!
brothers cordially invited to attenn
- - -- " " " " - -
r irm.L-?tI;'c '. I
I
-
"u x. oe.m.j
FSATFRNAl nPDCP FAm eft'
Eagles Hall. Visitors cordially wei
come,
! RICHARD DAVIS. President.
M. D. COHEN. Aerie Physician
LEliAL NOTICES
NOTICE OF MORTGAGE SALE.
I1" the L'!lited states P'tr' Court for
tuc lJismct ot Arizona.
In Equity, No. E-i4, Tucson.
i:;is Ely, Receiver of AriJoua Mutual
Savings and Loan Association, a cor-
potation, and Ariiona Mutual Sav-j
ius and Loan Association, a corpo-1 dersigned Administrator of the Estate To the Qualified Electors of Cochise
ration, Complainants, vs. Emil j of Hamilton Walton, deceased, to t'-.i County, State of Arizona:
Marks. Administrator of the Estate J creditors "of and all persons having! otice is hereby given that a peti
of C. T. Scott, Deceased; John L'oe, laims against the said defeased, tc tion is on file in my office purporting
Richard Roe, Jane Doe and Mary
Roi, Defendants.
By virtue of a decree of foreclosure
and tale granted by this court in the
above entitled action, wherein the
above named complainants obtained a
judgment end decree of foreclosure
against said defendants for the sum oi I
Nine Hundred Two ($902.00) Dollars,
with interest, costs of suit, attorney's
fees and fees and expenses of salo.
whicli said judgment and decrie was
entered on toe 15ih day of May, 1917,
in tne office of the clerk of said court
at Tt'cson, Arizona, the undersigned,
'Clifford K. McFall, a special master J
jiU chancery, Uuly tippoiuied - in this i
action lor such purpose, will se.l at
';ublic auit.'on to ti.e hifches. and be.-t
ibidder, ou the 2!:tu day c' June, i!17.
at 11 o'clock a. la. ol mat u.tj, ut ti.e
trout door of the tun hull and court
house of the town ot Bisoee, Cochise
County, Arizona, the following de
scribed property, to-wit:
That certain real estate situated in
the town of Bisbee, County of Cochise, 1
in the territory (now stale) of Arizona,
and described as follows, to-wit:
The surface ground and a depth "of
forty feet immediately beneath the sur-
rate ground 'of Lot Numbered Ten (10) j
in lilock Four (4), of the Guard .Mining
IClaim, situated in the Warren Mining .
l:. ?' . ""TZ I
tiie survey and piai of the sunace o( j
isaid Guard Mining Claim, ou iiie in I
the office of tho County Recorder of
,
; hereby made, all mineral rock or earth
beneath said premises, and the exclu-1
sive right of mining above said sur-
face, and removing ores and rock that '
may be found therein w ithout the right
of the party of the second part to lai-! ou:e Is nerey iven Dy tne unaer
eraland subjacent support of said ' stened. Administratrix of the Estate of
urface ground. Also all improvements ! Vina M- Abrams. deceased, to the cred:
now- PviKlinir uix.n a.d nreniiss. ,,r
ithat mav hereafter be constructed dur-
. :
452 meets the Ists wsim oi uua muri.
1 CLIFFORD li. McFALL,
oioi , r.i,.,
Dated at Tucsou, Arizona, this 2Sth )
day of May, 1317.
First publication, May 31, 1917.
NOTICE OF MORTGAGE SALE.
n the United States District Court tor ; M. Abrams. Deceased,
the District of Arizona. i Dated Bisbee, Arizona, this 9th day
In Equity, No. L-l, Tucsou. ; ot June. 191"
Sims Ely, Receiver of AruiUia Mutual Fwt publication, June 14. 1917.
Savings and Loan Association, a cor
poration, and Arizona Mutual Sav
. ings and Loan Association, a corpora
tion. Complainants, vs. Helena Ella
Kagsdale, as Administratrix of the
Estate of H. C. Kagsdale, Helena
Ella Kagsdale, Mrs. E. L. Baufeh.
Miss E. A. Kagsdale, John Doe, Kich-
ard toe. Jane Doe and Mary Koe.
By virtue of a decree of foreclosure
and sale granted by this court in the
k .... . .. . ,u ,
above entitled action, wherein the
above named couiidainauU ooiaincd a
judgment and ueciee of foreclosure
against said defendants for the sum
of Nine Hundred Thirty-one and 84-100
I (1)31.84) Dollars, v. itn interest, costs
OI suit, attorney's fees and fees and
!,.,, pntpre:, n tll i;ith
uay ot May, 1917, iu the office of the
j clerk of said court at Tucson, Arizona, ;
j he undersigned, Clifford II. McFall, a I
i f;- ial master in chausery, duly ao- !
'jointed iu tuis action for such purpose.
Ivill sell at public auction to the high-;
st and hest bidder, on the 19th day 'ot
une' 191"' at 11 0 I(x k A- M- 01 tllal
Lay, at the front door of tne town hall
and court house of the town ot Bisbee.
; Cochise County, Aii; na, the following
'described pi'operty, to-wit:
AU 01 Lot Numbered sixteen (1-5) in
;Block Twenty-seven (27) of the Bislee
Tow n.site. according to the aonroveU
,ty Arizona, said real estate being sit-
uated in the Tow n of Bisbee in said Co-
chise County, Arizona.
I CLIFFORD R. McFALL,
I Special Master in Chancery.
I Dated at Tucson, Arizona, this IStb
day of May, 1917.
First publication, May 31, 1917.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
in the Superior Tourt. in tho County
of Cx-hise. State of Arizona.
Estate of Hamilton Walton, Deceased.
NOTICE is hereby given by the un-
exhibit them, with the neressurj
voucl-ers within four months after the
first publication of this notice to the
iidid Administrator, at the law offices
of Williauis and Ftanlgan. Allen Block,
iiisbce .Arizona, the same being the
place for the transaction of the busi
ness of said estate, in said County or
Cochise.
r.EORGB V. BELL.
Administrator of the Etsate of Hani
ilton Walton, Deceased.
Dated Bisbee. Arizona, this 18th day
of June .1117.
First publication June 21. 1!17.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
In the Superior Court, in the County 1 county officers), and that said petition
of C HhU '. State of Arizona, will be considered by the board of su-
Estate cf Michael .McEnroe, Deceased, pervisors of said county at the nieet
NOTk'E is hereby given by the un-1 ins to be held at Tombstone, In said
dersigned Administrater of the Estate J
of Michael McEnroe, deceased, to the
creditors of and all persons having
claims against the said deceased, to ex
hibit them, with the necessary vouch-
era within four nfonths after the first
publication of this notice to the said
Administrator, at the law offices of
Williams and Flanigan, Allen Block,
Bisbee.-Arizona. the same being the
place for the transaction of the busi-
ness of said estate, iu said County of j
Cochise.
""..
ael McEnije, Deceased.
Dated Bisbee, Arizona, this 18th day
of June, 1917.
First publication June 21 ,1917
.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
In the Superior Court, in the County
ot Cochise, State of Arizona.
'. Estate of vina M- Abranw. Deceased.
, n persons iiav mg claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit
them, with the necessary vouchers
with the
-
""""-"" " "
lication of this notice to the -said Ad-
ministratrix at Naco, Arizona, the
same being the place for the transac-
' tion of tile business of said estate, in
: said County, of Cochise.
i ALMA M. ABRAMS,
I Administratrix of the Estate 'of Vina
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S- Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
loua. May 21, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Pey
Ton C. Andrews, of Hereford, Arizona
wbo, on November 13, 1912, made
Homestead Entry No. 01S973. for N. E
22 E., G. & S. R. B & Meridian, has
filing nnti.ia InfnntlAn tn mob-A t H ftiA.
"""7 " -
year proof ,to establish claim to the
' ' ..... , .
and above described, before Jared D.
l'aylor, U. S. Cf":sii3sfoner. Bisbee.
rizona, on the 30t'u day of June, 1917.
Claimant names x-t witnesses:
Adu'pa C. Hiuters, Charles A. Mar
iu, Frederick J. Murreil, all of Here
ord, Arizona ; Gus Huigler, of Bisbee,
Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication. May 29. 1917.
Last puolication, June 30, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBhICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Laud Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona. May 21, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Minnie
M. Mulligan, widow of Thomas Mulli
san, of Buena, Arizona, who, on June
9, 1911, made Homestead Entry No
025'7S, for N. E. i. Section 13. Town
ship 22 S.. Range 20 E G. & S. R. B.
& Meridian, has filed notice of inten
before Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commls
sioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, on the 29th
day of June, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
, Oliver Fry, tf Ft. Huachuca. Art
zona; Samuel T. Pyaett, of Buaa, Art-
zona; Fred W. Patterson, of Buena,
Arizona; Fred C. Cook, of Bisbee, Ari-
zona
j L IRVIN
Register.
Fifst publicjtion May 2&, 1917.
j lMt pubiication( June 30. 1917.
NOTICE.
to be signed by tho qualified electors
cf sald county to the number of Four
Thousand Five Hundred Six (4,506).
being not less than "nirty-three and
one-third per cent of the qualified
electors of the county computed ac-
t'ordiag to law, praying that the coun
ty seat of Said county be reuioved
from the place where it is now fixed,
anj that an election be held to deter-j
mine the question of such removal,
and to what place the same shall be
removed (or that the question of such
j removal and the place to which the
same shall be removed be submitted
.....
I to the qualified electors tf said county
'at the next general election of the
county, on the second day of July,
1917, at 10 O'clock a. m., at which time
and place any qualified elector of said
county may appear in person or by
counsel and be heard.
A. C. KARGER.
Clerk of the Board of Supervisors of
Cochise County, Arizona.
Dated June 11. 1917.
First publication June 14. 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
May 21. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Floy
Wesley Sperow. of Hereford, Arizona,
who, on August 26, 1912, May 9. 1914,
made Homestead Entries. No. 019030,
No. 025072, for SE. 1-4. NE. 1-4. SW.
1-4, Lots 3 and 4, SE. 1-4. NW. 1-4, Sec
tion 1. Township 23 S., Range 21 E., G.
& S. R. B. & Meridian, has filed no
tice of intention to make three-year
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before W. A. Fowler,
U. S. Commissioner, at Tombstone.
Arizona, on the 12th day of July. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses: Rob
ert Reay, ot Hereford. Arizona; C. J.
McCabe, of Hereford, Arizona; C. V.
Boardman, of tiarces, Arizona; C. D.
Lesuer, of Hereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication June 9. 1917.
Last publication July 12, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
May 21. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Rob
ert Reay, Jr., of Hereford. Arizona,
who, ton November 5, 1913, August 12.
1914. made Homestead Entries No.
023592, No. 025586. for NW. 1-4 and
NE. 1-4, Sectioni 11 and 10, Township
23 S.. Range 21 F G. & S. R. B. k.
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make three-year proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore W. A. Fowler, U. S. Commission
er, at Tombstone, Arizona, on the 12th
day of July. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses: Floy
Wesley Sperow. of Hereford, Arizona;
G. J. McCabe, of Hereford, Arizona;
C. B. Boardman. of Garces, Arizona; C
D. Lesueur.'bf Hereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication June 9, 1917.
Last publication July 12. 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix. Ari
zona, May 21. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Ed
ward J. Mitchell, of Don Luis. Arizona,
.vho, on October 9, 1912, made Home
tead Entry NO. 019463. for S. W.
Section 30, Township 23 S Range 24
, G. & S. R. B. k. Meridian, has filed
otice ot Intention to make three year
root, to establish claim to the land
bove described, before Jared D. Tay
or, Lr. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee. Ari
oua, on the 23th day of June. 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James B. Smith, of Warren. Ariztma;
Joseph H. Branch, of Don Luis. Ari
ona; Richard Brandon, of Don Luis.
Arizona; William Eberllng. ot Naco.
Arizona.
J. L. IKVIX.
Register.
First publication. May 29, 1917.
Last publication. June 30, 1917.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona.
May 28, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Annie
McGowan, formerly Annie Clinton, of
Hereford, Arizona, who, on October 21.
1914. made Hd Entry 025894. for N. E.
1-4, and April 22. 1915. made AddL En
try 027283, for N. W. 1-4. Section 15.
Township 24 S.. Rang 22 E., G. & S.
R. & Meridian, has filed notice of in
tention to make three years proof. ft
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor. U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 5th day of July, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses: Mich-
ael Fouiy. Michael McDonald. William
F. Cowan, all (3) of Bisbee. Arizona:
j Frank C. Cobbe, ot Hereford, Arizona.
I J- L. IRVIN,
I Register.
First publication. June 2. 1917.
By C A. VOIGHT EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JUNE 28, 1917.
r
era
nee re.
LAST TIME TONIGHT
LAST TIME TONIGHT
Fatty Arbtickle in 'A RecMess Romeo'
Second of The New Comedies Released.
By Paramount.
FRANK KEENAN
IN
"THE CRA
A Sure Cure For Grouch, Blues, or Just
That Mean Feeling.
Admission 10c and 15c
(T? 1 HP
Li J
heatre
The House of Comfort Continuous From 1 To 1 1
1
o
ion
The mightiest picture of world conflict that the brain of man
has yet conceived and realized.
Thom2s Dixon's thrilling film spectacle of America's
future, with a central love theme of engrossing power.
Admission 10 and 15c
imMfmtM Wfi if & ml-?-. (ul (ri
Jim? MmMAi : r
s.Mf' BISBEEAND . V. X&,
Vf LOWELL STOKES V . J
Laundry Bag Special, 57c
A good big Laundry Bag made of best quality figured Cretonne,
ment of these bags in a complete variety of colors and patterns that
ment of these bags in a complete variety of oclors and patterns that
we offer in the Month-end Sale at 57c
Japanese White Cotton
Crepe Kimonas
Special . .
ooc
Washable White Cotton Crepe Japanese
Kimonos, printed in delft blue, wonderful
values at 69c. On Bargain Booth Friday and
Saturday.
Cretonne Pillows Special, 59c
Cretonne covered sofa pillows; an excellent pillow for porch,
auto or outing use. Filled with clean Kapvet Fibre and cotton strictly
sanitary and a wonderful value. The assortment of colors and pat
terns is very complete. In Month-end Sale, Special at 69c
Billie Burke House Dresses
And Breakfast Sets
On Bargain Booth, Friday & Saturday
$165
Included are Ginghams in
stripes and checks, Percales in
stripes and floral designs, Lawns
with colored dots and figures,
White Cambric Sets trimmed
wiwth stripes. Special at
Central
TONIGHT ONLY
Commencing 6:15 p. m.
JESSE L. LASKY
Presents
FANNIE WARD
. IN
"Betty to the
Rescue"
A Gripping Photoplay Romance of
The California-Mines.
Chapter No." 17 cf "THE
GREAT SECRET'
ADMISSION 10 And 15c
'
Has anyone visited yon? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, Phone 39.
ANNUAL TEACHERS' MEETING.
The annual teachers' meeting will
be held at the Central school building
on Saturday morning at 10 o'clock.
RETURNED FROM PHOENIX.
Attorney S. K. Williams has re
turned from Phopnix, where he has
been for several days on legal busi
ness. HAVE BABY GIRL.
( A bright-eyed baby girl arrived last
evening at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
TOoley Massey. Mother and daughter
are both doing nicely.
OFF FOR COAST.
Mrs. A. T. Sowle and daughters left
last evening for Pacific Grove, Cal.,
where they will spend the summer
months on a visit to relatives.
j HERE ON A VISIT,
i Mrs. M. A. Igo is spending a few
I days in this city on a visit to this city
j from her home near Turner-. While
' here she is guest of relatives.
The
LYKIC
Beautiful
The Coolest Theatre In
The State.
Continuous From 1 To JO P. -M.
PRCGRAM CHANGED DAILY
Gladys Hulette
IN
"The Candy
5 Reel Drama
KATZENJAT.1MER KIDS
Comedy.
ADMISSION
Reserved Seats 20c
Lower Floor 10c
Balcony 5c
LEFT FOR CALIFORNIA.
Harry Seeley left last evening for
California, where he will spend a few
days on" a visit to his family, who are
enjoying themselves on the toast
RETURNED TO LOS ANGELES.
Miss Pansy Coates has returned to
her home in Los Angeles after spend
ing several weeks here as the guest
of her old school mate. Miss Frances
Lippert.
to her parents, and will probably spend ! miles west of Bisbee, but the body
the summer months here. ' of Williams was not discovered until
' some time after the crime was com-
RETURNED FROM TOMBSTONE. ! mitled. Quite a number of Bisbee
Mrs. John J. Patton and daughter people have been summoned to appear
have returned from a visit to Tomb-: as witnesses,
stone, where they spent several days i
on a visit to Mrs. James Tjbinson, Mrs. : SURVEYS ORDERED.
Patton's mother. Mrs. Patton was 1 The surveyor general has issued Or
formerly a resident of the county seat. der No. 3406, providing for the survey
I of the Arizona lode, situated in the
ENLISTED IN NAVY. Turquoise mining district Cochise
Philip Simpson yesterday offered his i county, and owned by ". I. Van Meter.
services to the United States govern
ment by enlisting in the navy. He
was given transportation to El Paso
and will leave in the morning with
Tommy Brandt and Grant Warner, of
Tombstone.
Also Order NO. 3407, providing for
the survey of the Knickerbocker lode
mining claim, situated in the Warren
mining district, Cochise county, Ari
zona, and owned by Chas. L. Purdy,
Emil Marks, Isaac Jacobsou and Sara
Frankenburg. '
BAPTIST SOCIAL. j
The Baptist Young People will give
a social Friday evening, the 29th, at '
DIES FROM APOPLEXY.
V. Schachla, watchman at the ma-
the Baptist church, for the benefit of i chine shops of the Phelps Dodge com-
tue piano iuna. ice cream ana cane ; pany, died Tuesday morning from a
Food Saving Day is the first step in
national food conservation as a part
the activities of the food controller.
Herbert HoOver, who has won a place j
in history as the nian who saved
Belgium. Sunday, July 1, has been '
officially designated by Mr. Hoover as :
Food Saving Day. In addition to prop
aganda through the press, Mr. Hoover ;
has conceived
the ministers
home to their people the need for elim
inating food waste. Mr. Hoover be
lieves that ministers as leaders of
their congregations can get closer i'j
the lives of the people than any other
men. The ministers in the city have
all arranged to emphasize the idea of
Food Saving Day in their services
next Sunday.
EVIDENCE OF POLICE
BUNGLING IS BROUGHT'
OUT IN CRUGER PROBE
Business Locals
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
Stage Line.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
dally at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co.. Phone 444. Leaves
the idea of appealing fo . n ; w .,. A Jm;. ' punctually on time daily. 939
of the country to bring ' Detective Lieutenant Admits " ' (Advertisement)
He ralsihed Keport Made
On Disappearance of Girl; See Sealey in front of Orient
May Be Brought To Trial j11- -Adr.47i
LEATHER SUITCASES ,
and Hand Bags, $12.50 values, $7.95.
Miller's Shirt and Hat Shop.
Adv. 925
ARIZONA LOSES OUT.
The war department has passed up
all of the sites offered by Arizona
towns and cities for one of the great
will be served. They expect to have ' stroke of apoplexy. He was on his way ! cantonments to be established at va
a number of their friends enjoy the ev
ening with them.
home from work when he was seized
with the attack and was carried to his
home, where he died soon afterward.
The remains are now being held at the
Palace undertaking parlors awaiting
the receipt of word from relatives in
THROUGH TO TOMBSTONE.
Chief of Police Kirby and Patrolman
William Fourr, of EOuglas, were in the
city yesterday for a short time while ; Plymouth, Cal.. as to what disposition
on their way to Tombstone, where they :
were called as witnesses In the Supe-1
they wish made.
rior court They returned during the
evening to Douglas.
MARRIED LAST EVENING.
Stewart Ivan Phillips, the motor
Deputy sheriff, and Miss Gladys Camp
bell were married last evening at the
home of the bride's parents in the
Conrad flats,. The ceremony was per
formed by Rev. W. S. Deatherage in
the presence of a few friends and relatives.
ENTERED AS COUNSEL.
Ellin wood & Ross, 'of Bisbee, were
entered yesterday es associates in the
defense of the suit brought by1 John 11.
Martin as receiver against the Arizona
Southern railroad. Judge Pattee took
under advisement the arguments of the
defendant upon their motion to make
more definite and certain a motion I'j
strike it out.
HEAVY CONTRIBUTIONS. .
The First National Bank of New
York, which subscribed $110,000,000
worth of Liberty L'Jan bonds for itself
and its customers the largest list
turned in by any one institution in
the country publishes a list of the
leading subscribers in the Wall Street
Journal. Among the large ones of lo
cal interest are Arthur Curtiss James,
$1,000,000; Phelps Docge corporation,
$500,000; Dr. James Douglas, $500,000,
and the E. P. & S. W. railroad, $400,-000.
irous points throughout the United
States. In a letter received by Gover
nor Campbell in Phoenix yesterday.
Secretary of War Newton D. Baker
says: ."Senators Asnurst and Smith
and Representative Hayden have
called upon me, presenting to me your
telegram of June 19 ,in respect to a
cantonment site in Arizona. All the
cantonment sites within the limits of
the southern department in which Ari
zona is located, have been designated.
Deming, X. M., was recommended as
the most suitable cantonment site in
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK. June 27. Additional
evidence of police bungling in the
search for Ruth Cruger, murdered high
school student, was brought out today
at the Investigation to fix responsibil-! SCHIDELER'S AUTO SERVICE,
ity for police failure to find the body, ForI car8 lIPPed with shock ab
which was hidden in the celler of "rlers. Local and country trips solic
Alfredo Cocchi's bicycle shop. ,tel- rnlon Prtce3- sinSle P- four
Admission was wrung from Lieut. PeoPle Vo Cananea and return. $22.00:
Francis A. Stainkamp, of the fourth tT peoplpe to Ramsey Canyon, stay
branch detective bureau where the a11 daT J15.00. Phone 366. Ask for
case was handled, that although a re- Schidelers cars and Central Pharmacy
nnrf nf ATIhh rniwr a rilsannparance, "O- aut.
was made by Alfred M. Brown, a friend
of the Cruger family, at midnight,
Feb. 13. he had entered it in the com
plaint book as having been made Feb.
14 at 9:45 a. m. As a result of the
delayed entry Detective Sergeant John Seven passenger touring car leaves
La Carenne was not assigned to the j Tombstone daily, upon arrival or Bis
ra until 9 n m Feb. 14. bee stages, for Nogales. fare 15.50. 25-
Miss Alma Brown, who accompanied j pound baggage limit
her husband to the branch bureau toi
Mrs. Actors. Beauty Specialist and
Demonstrator. Lockie Hotel, Opera
Driv. Adv. 60
Adv. 317
ask for an immediate search for Miss
WILL MEET TODAY.
The Baptist Ladies' Aid will meet
with Mrs. Oscar Gillman, in Lowell,
today.' An election of officers will be
held and all members are requested
to be present
BACK FROM PHOENIX.
Ed. WIchern has returned from
Phoenix, where he has been for sev
eral days having his eyes treated by a
specialist. He reports them as being
much improved.
WERE UP FROM NACO.
E. A. Folsom and wife were up from
Naco yesterday. Mr. Folsom TepofTS
that Naco is filled up with rdfbgees
from Cananea and the town quite live
ly as a consequence.
VISITING PARENTS.
Miss Katherine Minton, teacher of
Spanish at the Kendall college at Tul
sa, Okla., is in the city on a visit
OFFICIALLY ANNOUNCED.
The postoffice department In Wash- and left the district
ington yesterday gave it out officially
that on July 2 the p'ostoffices in Bis
bee and Douglas would become fin t
class offices, and that the postoffices
at Bowie and Thatcher would become
fourth class and presidential at the
same time. The postmaster at Bowie
will reccive.a salary of $1,100 and at
Thatcher $1,000.
GEORGE REARDON MARRIED.
Quite a number Xt Bisbee people
yesterday received cards announcing
the marriage of Nina Belle Hanscom,
of Brooklyn Centre, Minn., to George
James Reardon, on Wednesday, June
20th. The couple will be at home after
July 15th at the Alexandria apartments
In St Paul. Mr. Reardon was a resi-
; dent of Bisbee for a number of years
a little over a
year ago to take charge of the above
named apartments. He has hosts of
friends here who wish the newly
wedded couple a most happy and pros
perous wedded life.
the territory comprising Arizona and '. Cruger in the hospitals, morgue, and
New Mexico, by a board of officers . police stations, testified that the police
convened by the department comman-; showed no eagerness "to do anything."
der, which recommendation was ap-1 Arthur Woods, police commissioner.
proved by me on June 11, 1917.'
informed Commissioner Wallstein to
day that Detective Sergeant La Car
enne would be tried for neglect of
duty
GERMAN AIR RAIDERS
DOWNED BY BRITISH
PROPERTY ATTACHED.
A levy under a writ of attachment
upon the property of the Gija Tung
sten company was filed in the Superior
court in Tucson by Albert Steinfeld
company yesterday, upon an unsecured
claim "of $1,116.60, for goods and mer-1 (By Review Leased Wire),
chandise purchased up to last April. LONDON. June 27. The official re
The complaint sets forth that the P" from British headquarters In
property of the company is situated In : Franc reads:
the Dragoon mining district of this ' hostile raiding party was re-
mnntv that hotvwn JhIv 191 mi ! pulsed early this morning north of
April ,1917, a total of $2,914.46 worth
of goods were sold to the company,
with Interest at 8 per cent per annum.
TOO MUCH CHARITY.
! Rafael Villasenor was given 50 days
! in the city jail when convicted in city
I court yesterday of soliciting alms. The
testimony showed that about a month
ago Villasenor took up a subscription
among local Mexican residents, osten
! sibly to be used to defray the expenses
j of burying his mother. With this
j money, it was charged, he purchased
I a small house and lot. Several days
j ago, it was claimed, Villasenor (at
; tempted to fill up another subscrip-
HAS NEW POSITION.
Edward W. Oakiey, who was for
merly assistant postmaster In this city,
and also cashier at Phoenix, has been
transferred to the Tucson postoffice as
a clerk for the use of the enlarged
service. He arrived there yesterday
from California. A new register clerk
has been added to the force at the post-
office and Charles Wendt transferred , tion list but, unfortunately for him, he
from Louisiana. accosted several Mexicans who had
contributed to the first fund. They
The defendant paid $1,852.54. leaving
a balance of $1,061.92. with $54.68 in
terest The writ Of attachment under
which the levy was made covers the
following claims: Quartz, Quartz No.
2, Gija No. 1, Quartz No. 3. Placer
x Queen and a mill building and machin
ery consisting of Wllfrey tables, rolls,
crushers, screens, belt conveyors, gas
engines and a miscellaneous collection
of tools.
Rouex after sharp fighting In which
the enemy suffered considerable loss.
"Much successful work was accom
plished by our airplanes yesterday.
Five German machines were biought
down. Two others were drivep out of
control. In addition, one hostile ma
chine was shot down by fire from the
ground. None of our airplanes are
missing."
A car every hour, -Bisbee to Doug
las. Good cars and careful driven.
American Stage Line. Phone 368.
WE HAVE THE LATEST.
In sheet music the New Patriotic
Songs. Also full line of records and
talking machines. Lowell Jewelry
Shop. Adv. 842
Sealey has moved to the Orient in
Lowell Adv. 472
Expert repairing on line watches
and Jewelry, diamond setting, engrav
ing and general repairing. Mintou.
the postoffice Jeweler, Lowell.
Advertisement 343
Mak your trip to Douglas a pleas
ore. Travel the Wlnton way. Phone
98. Adv. 332
I
EIGHT MEN FIGHTING
FOR IOWA GOLF TITLE
TO BE TRIED FRIDAY.
became suspicious and had him ar-
Earl Stone will be tried in the Supe- j rested,
rior court at Tombstone on Friday i
for the murder of Frank Williams.
The alleged crime was committed
about three months ago, about twelve
FOOD SAVING DAY.
Next Sunday, July 1, will be Food ,
Saving Day all over the United States, j
(By Review Leased Wire.)
SIOUX CITY. Ia., June 27. Eight
men are left to compete for the title
in the Iowa State Golf association play
tomorrow. The contestants have nar
rowed down to Robert McKee, Wil
liam Sheehan and Dan Moon, of Des
Moines; G. Decker French, of Daven
port: Carl Plcppo and Bunny" Guin
and. of Cedar Rapids; Arthur Bartlett,
of Ottumwa, and Rudolph Knepper, of
Sioux City.
Big Reduction Sale on Men's Fur
nishings. B. F. Millard, Allen B'.k.
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY.
FOR SALE Fresh candled eggs by
case or half case. Thone Green 696.
304
LEARN TO DANCE.
Private lessons dally. 1 to 5-7 to 10.
W. J. Graves Academy, Lowell (TJm
phy Hall). Phone 628. Adv. 608
Ride on the American Stage Line.
Bisbee to Douglas. Phone 366.
Advertisement
Travel to Douglas the Wlnton wj
nnrthe new stage. Cars leave Copper
Queen Hotel on the hour. Fare $L23.
Advertisement 332
Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath. 98 Maston
Hill. Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647.
dv. 231
DR. W. A. KINGSLEY (Oculist)
Specialist
vp. c,R. NOSE and THROAT.
Several years experience In Lon
don, lJerlin, Paris, Vienna. Deco
..f ' v KIit nf Roumania In 1913.
Office,,. 122 N. Stone Avenue.
Vbrht Phone 507-J.
Eyes Fitted For Glasses
Tucson, - - Arizona.
THE PURE MILK DEPOT
(Allen Block)
A great big glass fresh buttermilk
It's only 6 cents Advertisement 309
NOTICE.
There will be a meeting of the Altar
society ladies this evening it K. of
t C. Hall. Adv. Sl