4V
Fourteen
Pages
"1 e f!t"i
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 20. No. 134.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 11, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
Two
Sections
(EllSKY IS
LOCATED AND
HOPE IS ELD
FOR OHO
Certain Garrisons Are Said to
Have Remained Loyal to
Government xf Premier.
Hope Seen in Ukrane Cos
sacks. " "
(By Review Leased Wire.)
LONDON, Nov. 11. Premier Ke
rensk arived at Lupa, 85 miles south
west of Petrograd. last Wednesday,
and the garrison there attested its loy
alty to his provisional government,
according iv a Petrograd dispatch of
Saturday to the Weekly Dispatch.
Saturriav mnrnin? hp r-Aprhorl Putnlii.
na,where the same thing happened. Jat the viUl task of shipbuilding were :oday' askinB for ,ood and clotni
The newspaper s advices added that announced today by Provost Marshal! Two others were aiebieu at Guthrie,
troops loyal to the provisional govern-1 General Crowder, arter conference Okla.. and put on a northbound train,
men: are known to be near Petrograd j witn officials cf the navy department, Disguises Effective
and a division of cossacks is on the.and tne emergency fleet cemoration. I "ity and county authorities said to-
march from Finland. This news was
given out. at uie mcmy institute, neaa-!tfce
quarters "of the workmen's and
ri lore onnvraco
congress
Garrison Wavering
The garrison at Petrograd, which
two days ago was solid for the ex
tremists, now is said again to be wa
vering in its allegiance.
Tne Weekly Dispatch's advices say
that at the town hall it was rumored
Friday night that most of the Moscow
garrison had re-transferred allegiance
to the provisional g-jvernment, after
ngsaig the extremists' supportes at!
tneivremiin, wiiere they had taken ref-i"' lue ut:'- "i
jie. I their, names are sent in the men will
Railway Workers Help j he released.
M. Skoteleff. minister of labor in! I'nder the provost marshal peneral's
u, , , .a uu.eiiip
meet.ng Friday mght at the town
hall, which at first had worked under
j ,.,.. ,. .1 . 1
dared itself whoby on the side of the .
curuiimiee 01 puuuc sarety. ana maLjrrom tne men.
i; would rJt obey further odtrs cf the I New Regulations.
Bolshevivi. "The new selective service regu!a-l
This is the heaviest blow Jhat the'tions will make ample provision toj
emreniists has yet received. In 16Drotect and foster labor suno'.v apnur-;
ministries Use unibn of government
servants ha3 instructed its members
of strike, thus paralyzing the whole
government machinery.
FIRST OFFICIAL NEWS
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10. First offi
cial news of che Ruhsian upheaval
cam to the government today from
American Ambassador Francis, but
added nothing to the news dispatches
ofthe last three days and gave state
department Officials nothing on which
to form judgments as to the course
of the United States.
It was made plain that the Tnited
States can have no dealings with the
Maximalists, unless they attain the
proportions of a paty in de facto con
trol of the country. The Russian em
bassy here, disclaiming that the Bol-
shevivi represents Russia, announced,
in a foraml declaration, that it would
n'jt reject any action the Lenlne gov-!be
ernment mi&ht take.
Immediate Question
The ftnmediatA question before
Ameican officials is to what extent,
credits already extended to the Ke
rensky government may be used for
the benefit of :hose who may oppose
th allied cause in the war. Officials
who would have charge of stopping
shipments of supplies to Russia were
silent when asked to indicate their
I'j.urse.
There seems to be no doubt, how
ever, that the- vast quantities of ma
terial being manufactured fo Russian
account the United tates will not
be permitted to leave the country if
it is apparent that they are going into
the hands of those disposed to make
a separate peace with Germany.'
Hope in Cossacks
The hope 'jf the United States and
Russian officials here turns to possi
bility that the conservative element of
Russia that the cossacks of the Uk
rane will consolidate to set up a gov
ernment representative of all Russia,
although civil war may be the result.
Meanwhile, It is believed that Ger
man possession of Helsingfors and the
Aland islands, making possible Teu
tonic occupation of Petrograd, opens
the way for a display of the real in
tentions of the Bolslievviki lement and
will show whether its triumph has
been the fruit of German intrigue or
whether Its spirit is truly Russian.
FRANCIS WAITING ,
PETROGRAD. Thursday. Nov. 8
(Continued on Page Six.)
Food Pledges
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10
-More '
than 10,000,00n American house
wives it was announced
tonight 1 1
now have pledged themselves to '
follow the food adniinitration's
conservation directions. The pledg-
es were rbtainfd in a :wo week's
intensive campaign. Tim exact
number of pledges reported signed ;
tonight was 10,215.240 with returns
inoomplle. ;
'
PROGRAM AIDED !
BY DRAFT ORDER
Ship Builders Will Be Released
From National Army, So
Long as They Continue to
Work at Their Jobs.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10 Plans to
in.nM tha Hitantfn,. r i,:n tt.nri.ara
Regulations for the second call fori
national ai.my wiu provide a spec
sol-;cia, alifled list for shipworker8 of !
i
i.ii. j .i .
MiPRIIW
i w a a w a a w
l luuilciry ttKe, uuu tucy will uc causcu I '
from service in the national army as tainable that might lead to identify
long as they are employed on govern.j,nS any member of the party. Several
n,... .hi mit. letters were received today py Tulsa
Meyer Bloomfieid, head of the lndusewspaper8 for information about the,
trial service of the shipping board; "Knights of Liberty" adu.ng tat i
said the war department had agreed M desired fo oth!r bod!ea of
t8180 lo io -n.-u..ui,.B i-u,
"y of the r workers who hive been I
i drajfte1- L,f!t of these men will be
u,"uo u" l"c "
, : r ' Y. f j;
through strikes, could be called toth.
colors in.med.al ely. But Mr. Bloom-,
. . . . .. . . . 1
the right to strike should not be taken
tenant to the building and filling of !
ships under the supervision of thd
emergency fleet corporation and of uu iu.ui,,
the navy department.' Men thus en-ivember and 13. according to circu-
j -in k Pisir,H for militarv1 ,atpd here. Local leaders of the I.
service precisely as though, they !
h inn- -.
n n in i' - ' " -
nrora nnt an n P! STfA hll f Aft lOTlf A3
they remained employed in the build-
Ing or filling of ships under the super-!
... . 1
vision of the emeq ' fleet wrpoia-
tion or the navy departemnt they will
De Kept lisiea on a ajjctiai imniM .
tion list wnicn removes mem iroiuj
.. . ,., 1 .1 i 1
uaoiiixy to can as iuuS , t-
ue to be employed and no longer.
Arrangement Approved.
The arrangement is included in the
new draft classification plan, details 1
of which will be made public next
week. The regulations provide tnat a :
"weePlnS ce"8U8 ot leTei men
n0t "" l Zl ? "f V ! '
rarried out' . Tnf Dn'8!cal "d
cupational qualifications of each manl wniiwq mre.j thorities believe, by a closing sen
will be written into the questionaire,! CHIHUAHUA CITY, Nov. 10. Gen-j tence jn ti,e unaddressed letter found
which also will carry a complete state-ieral Francisco Murguia, commander ofin Welsh's possession. In urging dis
ment as to dependents. j tho troops in northern Mexico, left Cretion in the wording of communica
Every man must state the work on today Tor the. south, accompanied bytionSf presumably from Sinn Fein
which he has been engaged during a! three thousand troops of all arms oflagenta ln tne United States to leaders
period of years. Lists then can bejthe rervice. He announced his des-.of th-e movement in Ireland, this lei
made up of the number of men trained j tination as Saltillo. General EduardOter said:
to any occupation who are available! Hernandez is acting commander here. I Caution Urged.
; General Murguia is not expected to j -xhe game is so high and there is
(Continued on Page Six.)
President Writes Foreword
To New Draft Questionnaire
(By Review Leased Wire.) 1 The president describes the new
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10. President plan of dividing all registered men,
Wilson formally put the new machin- already not mobilized, into five class
ery for the carrying out of the selec- es, subject to military service by
tive draft bill into operation tonight classes, as being intended to produce
with the publication of the foreword "a more perfect organization of our
he has written to the regulations un- man power."
der which the second call will be SELECTIVE PRINCIPLE,
made. Ttie regulations themselves "The selective principle must be
and the questionnaires which more carried to its logical conclusion," the
than 9,000,000 registrants will be re- ' president said, and he added that there
quired to fill out, are being forwarded must be made a complete inventory
to local boards, but have not yet been of the qualifications of each regls
made public. - ' trant in order to determine "the place
War department officials estimate in the military, industrial or agricul
that the whole process can be com- tural rauks of the nation in which his
pleted within 60 days. This means experience and training can best be
that no second call will be made 011 made to servo the common good."
the draft forces before the middle of, The inquiry projected in the ques
next February as the period for clas- tionnaire will go deep into the quali-
Bification will not bgin until De- i .
cember 15th. j (Continued on Page Six.)
LW.W'SARE
LEAVING THE
OIL COUNTRY
If! BIG II1W
1 1
Only Four Men Taarrfed and
Feathered Are Heard From.
i
Stern measure i atcen 10 rua
Tulsa Region of Ilk.
By Review Leased Wire.)
TULSA. Okla., Nov. 10. Traces 01
only four of the seventeen members
of the I. W. W, who were flogged,
tarred, feathered and driven into the
Osage hills here last nigh: by a party
of black-robed "Knights of Liberty"
had been reported tonight. A farmer
several miles from Tulsa reported that J
two men exhausted, shirtless and with j
their backs covered by welts, tar and
,lh ,, of hi. ,,nm. HPiv
!
night that so effective had been the I
disguise or .he black-robed and hooded
fibres that participated in the whip-
i . i : i i I u
j'Ding that no information had been ob-
- sheriff Crjff Gnham Qf WashIn ton
lasjued a stateraeul ;oday urg.
Qg the gnooting cn gight of L w
W. suspect caught molesting property
1 Other Round-up
At Dnimright, O'ola., the center of
an extensive oil field, o cers today
raided I. W. W. headquar:ers, arrested
the secretary, and at the points of pis-
ol- found ho
tnr6w bricks throURD a window oa
which the I. W. . sign
pa;nted Then all the 1 W
had been
. W.'s were
ordered to "get out "
'
W" W' Convention
OMAHA, Neb., Nov. 10. A general
convention of che Industrial Workers)
of the World has been called to meet
W. W. say that between 4000 and 5000 j
members of the organization will be
in 0"aha at that time. The name
f've m the c.rcu ar is OonatnicJon
Workers' Industrial union, but this is
be one
organlzation.
"phe
circular, which Is dated No-
.-We must prer,are to use methods
not unike thQSe uged by Russian ,a.
tor they are gure,y beSnK forced
,pou U8 Jf we ire no. alIowed to d(J
our bugin . .... . ,
:erwlHe for we w,u neyer ,ay down ..
MURGUIA IN NORTHERN MEXICO
return Jiere.
Wets Gain Again
in Counting of
Election Votes
(By Review Leased Wire.)
CINCINNATI, O., Nov. ln.-
The,
close jf election week Tor Ohio loft j
' nP nrii'w..ri.hil;irinn ItrC.iii tlSih 1.',
'lead of 1S15 voi.es; the tabulation m
clmlin seenty-teven cutif.'s oirHhl
ly reported to the secretary of state.
eiglh county sent official returns an.l
three u,":ol,'iciul hut complete count) j
totals. Tne totals which since Tues-
'day night had waxed and walnod for
'ported their vote oiian valuations were
I discovered in county totals tonight.
For prohibition, 522.226 : against.
! 524.042. i
! The vote of Cuyahoga county (Cleve I
!".and) resorted offMa'ly late today. I
I which shewed a net gain of S19 wetj
votes over tne uuou.ciai ngures, car-
ried the anti-Prohibition majority on
, (he fai.e of t!)etHDIllalion wjthin
hailing distance of two thousand and
i gave the wets what t::y asserted iijt, gupporl to the heroic services
'ample proof that rpc.uibitlon was de-; ,leretofore bornP by tne ltaHan rPar
feated In Ohio.
811 FEIN PLOT
EXPOSED B! IHE
SECRET SERVICE
Arrest of "General" Mellowes
and Welsh Throw Much
Light on Activities of 'the
Leading Irish Revolution
ists. (By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK, Nov. 10. Details of
the plans of Sinn Fein leaders for
the insurrection in Ireland which cul
minated in the Easter Monday riots
of last year, together with informa
tion relative to the tanging on the
Irish coast of Sir Roger Casement,
were recounted in a communication
found in the possession of "General"
Liam Mellowes, Irish revolutionist, ar
rested here several weeks ago and
made public today by William J. FIynn,
chief of the United States secret ser
vice.
....At the same time. Flynn gave out
. - 4..n i.ft..
sopies of an artfully worded letter
. ,,,.,i' oii.i, ...h
which Thomas Welsh, a British sub-
Ject attempted to destroy when taken
into custody by federal authorities on
u i.iu3i rf a trnmqhin here last
rt .r-
vice aaents say. have furnished much
Information of value in their Investi
gation of the ramifications of Sinn
Fein operations in the United States.
Mellowes at Liberty.
Mellowes, who is said to have com
mand of a considerable force of revo
lutionists during the Dublin riot, is at
liberty under $7,500 bail, charged with j
obtaining by fraud a seaman s pass
port ou which it is alleged he attempt
ed shipping on an English bound ves-
nAi tn nr.lu, ti Qflulut in nnnther Irish
. .
Th.,t another unrising was planned !
Ua, a tima nnt riiutant la Indicated, au-
too much at stake to take any risks
and you must use extreme caution
when writing. Always refer, in fu
ture, to the aeanfear, as I do, and if
possible do not mention his name at
alL"
The word "seanfear" recurs a num
ber of times in the communication
which was of considerable length and
written in a smooth, regular hand.
"William Cain," "Mrs. Cuman," "Tom
my O'C," "Liam" and persons desig
nated by the k'tters "M. W.,' "M" ami
"L" are mentioned in the communi-
At rtrA.mAA 1 .i nlnn ntorli Ia C-
ji-auoi. .t" - - -
i man who. the letter Indicates, poseJ
as a priest when that role best suit
ed his purposes and to another per
son referred to as
recently released.
The Lady who was
(Continued on Tage Six)
,
WEATHER.
.Sunday and Monday partly
cloudy; not much change in i'ie
temperature. j
TALY HELPED
BY GUNS R
TA
EAR GUARD
English Gunners Are Prepared
to Help Italians in Their De
fense of Venetian Plains and
Leg of Country.
(By Review Leased Wire.) i
ITALIAN HEADQUARTERS, Nov.
10. noon (By the Associated Press). i
British batteries have taken the posi
tion along the fron; line prepared to
guard, in an effort to stay the Austro
j Herman advance.
I The reformation of the Italian army
i along :he establi.sh.ed position is tro-
gres.iiug in good order, and there has
been no material change in the situa-t
1 tion for the past day or two.
j The agreement for a centra! milt
i iary council for "the entire western
(front" for the firs; time recognizes
:aud incorporates the Italian as part
tof the western front, thus terminating
the Italian front as a separate eu.ity.
It also establishes reciprocal control
in which not only the French and
British have a voice in the Italian
campaign, but Italy has a voice in
the French and British campaign.
ON RUSSIAN COUP.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
COPENHAGEN, Nov. 10. The first
German newspapers containing com
ment on t.'ie Russian coup to arrive
here made no attempt to jump at once
to conclusions or to predict speedy
peace with Russia- On the other hand
the impression prevails that the Max
imalists may be compelled to follow
much the same policy as the Keren
sky regime as soon as they find that
a non-annexation peace is not to be
attained early by proclaiming their
readiness to conclude such a peace.
Cn.'..r..l nnu...nnnA.. . . 1
.u, lu
fact that the declared policy of the
Maximalists is for a general peace.
not a separate one. and this on the
basis cf no annexations. It is gener-i
ally assumed, however, that the de-;
, Tp'" ?l ""ub w .
of the Russian army as an offensive
.... ' .
factor in the present war and remove
"
the last possibility that it will be re-
constituted as an effective military
force or prove a serious obstacle to
German military plans.
i
n o . ti 1 1 r n 1 a !
BAGE. Brazil. Thursday, Nov. 8.
because of the German revolutionary 1
ml
;G,;
movement which is believed to be!sP'te the bad visibility.
imminent and the Argentine moboliza-i
tion. Virtually the entire Brazilian
nrmv Vtaa hann s-.n s.nn wotnA n Mini
: : : ; ;,;.:rr:: .. :i
duty and this adds to the general un- indicating that he thought an attack 1""' T'";
easiness, in view of the apparent, if there was impending. No operation f Susegana it W apparent that the
temporary settlement of the strike. was undertaken by the British in that in"dinf frni es f1 h"? Sa,neJ
' v . . . , I ,. , ,.. a decided advantage, for Berlin r
Plans are being rushed to increase, section toda. r ai. -
line Brazilian army to 100,000 men.i
ubBtltuting conscription for the pros-,
i ent voluntary service. The Brazil
ians are perplexed by this action of
the government because the country
is noot actively taking part in the
war obroad.
eiumicu iiditii tiifii i
i i ii n i m i i i i i i i nntn,
(By Review Leased Wire.)
STOCKHOLM. Nov. 10. Helslng-I
fors. capital of Finland, has been en -
tered by the Germans, according to a
press dispatch from Haparanda. I
Steps Taken By Government
To Help Prisoners of Huns
(By Review Leased Wire.) tAmericans will, at the same time nl-;tinuing their northward march, follow
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10. The UniUJ levlate the suffering of families ating the retreating Turks. They
ed States has opened negotiations j home, which naturally would be dis- have now advanced nearly twenty
with Germany for an agreement loi tressed at Recounts of German under- miles in the coast region since their
govern treatment of prisoners of war.
Tn!g l8 being done not only to secure
,
the lest possible conditions for
American prisoners but to show how
"- " . .
I States are being treated. Already.
!the Red Cross at Geneva, the United
States has begun forwarding neces
saries to Americans held in Germany,
of whom there are now more than 100.
It Is realized that as the American j
troops increase in numbers on the bat-
tie front, more prisoners are bound to
Pnd their way to the German prison
camps.
A nation pinched for food for itself.
probably will feed its enemy prisoners
jlast. To lighten the confinement ofi
Killed
(By Review Leased W.re.)
FORT WORTH. Tex., Nov. 10.
Cadet Wu'itT I. Jones of Minneap
olis, :,iinti.. fl! X0( feet at Hicks
nld. I'nini) Taliaferro today and
was Instantly killed. The machine
di.l a spinning r.o:-e dive, some
part of the mechanism going
wrong or the aviator losing control.
The one passenger in ihe ail plane
was not striously h.irt. li s name
could not be obtaine l.
PASSCHENDAELE
GOES TO ENGLISH
British Forces Make Small
Gain North and Northwest
of Ridge Which Cost So
Many Lives.
SALIENT
GROUND
I to a dispatch from Italian headquart
BRITISH II EADQU ARTKKS Wjtr, These batteries are expected to
BELGIUM. Nov. 10.-(liy The Assoc!- give suppor, , Rt!tyiK tne Ausro.
ated Press.)-The British successfully j Gprman advanrPt wn,fn ,ask h,re(0.
carried out a small but important op-fore ha3 bn bore fhieflv by !nfan.
eration today north and northwest of:try aotions of fhe ,talian rears?uara.
Passchendaele whereby the salient i .... . .
about Passchendaele and Goeberg was! uhthe onPn '"" ' UI
considerably widened, giving the Brit
ish a firm grip on their recently ac-
quired positions in the northern crest
of the ridge.
The advance was over a. 2500-yard
front and the extreme depth reached
was about 800 yards. The attack was
carried out with the precision which
has marked all the British moves in
Flanders. At an early hour it was
reported that not only had the ob
jectives been reached, but some of
the men had even gone beyond them
nirthiroril nlnnff thA t1Hpf
Hard fighting occurred" at several
of the strongly fortified farms held
. i, i " i. -.in i.i.n
of Mcsseleniarkt were still holding!
out at the latest reports, although,'
tl.a ttriHoh tL-rn rpnArfPfl tn hnvil
. , ,... r
pushed well beyond both of these.
Til 11 f'OO lMlVlni thpTYl tfl he 111 1 IT1 ', i tin:
r riatio on the Piave.
' by he reserves Austro-Hungarian forces. Berlin an-
, North of Goeberg there mere H Saturday, are pressing for-
eral strong concreted positions nd, s. Vaiie
fighting was proceeding between the! in the SuW"
British and the defenders, who were,'" "p.pe' 1 e: . .? A..1J.
"''" ' , ...Thus there is being developed in this
British advanced lir.e was beyond all; . . 7 '
... , . ... ;, k.j 'district the predicted fir.nking attach
these strongholds. One point bad
,., ,., v,.,cii the Italian lsft. which has be?.i
been stcrmed and entered twice by
the British, and twice they had with-).
drawn before counter attacks
before
noon.
Enemy Artillery Heavy
Thn ornmr flrtittorv tro vna hniivv
11 d?y. especially between Bellevuef
aircraft were exceedingly active, de -
An Interesting report was receive !
from the Gheluvelt region that the
PnAITIT Vila d f Mnln vl H 7 PTPflt n PTVOU
" v,;v n v . -
The attack was begun at 0:05 :
o'clock
in the rain, which had beeni
falling nearly all night. The ground " """" - . ' " "
alongthe crest of the rhlee was in! the "n p,a'nhs'
comparatively good condition for the' Austro-German objecUve. with the
n.., k. ,wrH m .h,rcnte running through hilly coun-
valley ofthe Paddebeek. it was ex-- lendin it8,eIf admirably to de
Lj!... jfense. as was shown In the Austrian
Tk. r iins,n a
1 110 u' 1 1 1 1 11 ni nun j jiut v. " . i
(heavy barrage all along the front in-
volved as the attack was begun. The
j British also encountered a heavy m-:
: chine gun fire from numerous strong!
points.
feeding of prisoners.
Privilege Of Rank.
German military prisoners of war
in the United States, besides receiving, wiles Inland, however, and the lnter
every necessity and comfort, SiavJ Jor British column moving from Beer
the privileges of their rank. They are.sheba, apparently has made less rapid
housed In model sanitary ramps and -progress than the coastal force. The
ecently one of the prisoners, sending l'ritsh have taken more than seventy
a letter to his prospective wife In huns and inflicted estimated casualty
Germany wrote that the pay he woul.l of 10 TOO on the Turks, exclusive of
accumulate during his Imprisonment
nould not only perir.it hiui to retire
from the navy, but would set them
up in a little business as well.
rhotorrnphs shov.-'nir the comfort
able surrc:indincs of interned German
(Continued on Tage Six.)
II REACHES
UNS II
ATTERIES OF
First Aid From the Allies
Reaches Italian Front to Aid
the Struggling Troops in
Fighting the Rear Guard
Actions.
The eagerly awaited aid for Italy's
hard pressed troops on the Piave line
has reached the battle front in tha
form of British batteries, according
along a thirty-mile stretch of the
Piave river in its lower course and in
j fighting touch with each other on
j wide front stretching westward
! through the hills to the north of the
( Venetian plain, a real test of ctrength
seems in prospect for the first time
since the Italian armies in northeast
ern Italy began their retreat from the
isonzo.
Flank Move Starts.
Hitherto the main force of the Aus-
I tro-German thrust into Italy in this
' "n'pailEn " e northeast.
"
bank of the lower Piave. however, the
!
Teutonic armies apparently have now
-
, oei;un iu exrri iurir cuiri jiicwum
I with their right wing from the nor:h.
'along the line bending sharply west
along the line bending sharply west
,, .
ifrom Asiago. thirty miles from fhe Ad-
recegnlred as probably the most ser
ious throat to the Italian line uhkh
the Teutonic command could bring to
bear. Upon successful resistance t
this drive from the north depends the
, J . " .
inn. o K .1 a MkwnOina t
; - nprk .
Defense Plans Unknown.
Just what line the Italian command
has chosen for resists nee to the flank-
operation i. BOt aPPren
but if
'" F ,
a,u
offensive of 1916
when the
enmiy
n'IP' ,n l,,e :--
Flanders,
In Flanders the British have won
another decided success in eulargin
the salient in the Passchendatle re
gion. Attacking early Saturday on
a 2.50O yard front they pushed for
ward along the ridge and in the
marshy district to the northwest to a
maximum depth of about half a mile,
capturing many strongly fortified po
sitions. ' Turks Lose.
British forces in Palestine are con-
capture cf Gaza recently and have
nearly attained the latitude of jerusa-
lem. That city is more than rorty
prisoners.
Action In East.
Germany shows signs of continuing
her aggressive moves in northern
Russian waters. Following on advices
that German troops had landed on the
forces had entered Helsingfors. Cape
of "Finland. TWO
r
"arepa
READY-TO-WEAR
DEPT.
SECOND
FLOOR
: Ml-
':'! f 1
- ' !'i3
i
4
in Fashionable Wearables
Characterize This Store's Offer
Fashions' Favored Coat Styles
and
in$s
Furnishings
This Week
it would be very difficult indeed to Imagine prettier Coats than we
are prepared to show you this week. Never, in our estimation, have
they been quite so clever as this assortment we have received for
this week's selling.
Prominent in this assortment are Novelty styles in plain colors, cut
along generous lines to insure plenty of fullness, giving them youthful
appearance and swagger effect.
ome show the high waist line, while others are normal. Military
1 cape ana convertmie collars are conspicuous in mis assortment; coi
3 ors are in the popular shades of reindeer, taupe, green and new, warm
Ybrowns. Prices range from
$29.50 to $39.50
Furs For
Children ,
No less a com
plete stork of
Furs is carried
in our Chil
dren's Dpp't
than in the wo
men's.. All the
clever new
ideas in Fur
Styles are bert
for the Chil
dren and at re
sonable prices.
"V
. 1 t.
- - 1
. -'J. u--: p J .J J
hi
SECOND
FLOOR
Choicest Furs
Are Here for
Your Selection
We have always been very enthusiastic
about our Fur Stocks but we have not
shown in years an assortment that meas
ures up to our present one. While the as
sortment is diversified ydt perhaps the
most conspicuous and fashionable are Fox.
Prominent among these are the new shades
of Poiret, Georgette, Taupe, Kanchatka Blue
and the rare Kanchatka Red. PRICES IN,
THESE NUMBERS RANGE FROM $50.00
TO $135.00 A SET.
Rich and beautiful Hudson Seal Sets are as
prominent as ever. Handsome Beautobian
Sets, Brook Mink and Mallne are featured
at prices from $15.00 TO $75.00 A SET.
New arrivals in separate Muffs and Scarfs
in stole and cape effects from
$5.00 to $25.00
New Arrivals in Sweater Coats
Wliat is more appropriate or comfortable than a nice Sweater Coat for
these cool fall mornings and evenings. We have just opened a handsome
lot of new Sweaters for Women, in Brush Wool and Fancy Knit. We show
these in plain colors with collars and cuffs in contrasting shades. Some
have large collars and cuffs, others are with convertible collars to be worn
high or low. Colors are Copen and Gold, Rose and White, Kelly and Rose,
Gold and Blue.
PRICED AT $8.50 TO $16.50
AWaist Special at $5
Monday Only
The reason fof this store's phenomenal
iness is at once evident when you consider
excellent values that are always obtainable
this department.
For tomorrow only we offer a
most unusual value In Women'
Handsome New Waists, in plaid
and striped Taffetas, in dark
colors and beautiful combina
tions. Most all have converti
ble collars to be worn high "or
low neck, cleverly tailored and
trimmed with pretty buttons, :
good range of sizes from 36 to
44. Special for
tomorrow
only
Tom 30 to
$5
bus- H S-X s.
Gorgeous Party Dresses
and Dancing F
Frocks
Fashioned from lustrous aud beautiful fabrics
and exclusive in style, these dresses will find
instant favor with all who appreciate the beau
tiful for party or evening wear. All the most
wanted styles are shown in profusion in this
assortment. All the very best colors are rep
resented and are calculated to meet the de
mands of the most exacting.
All the fashionable materials that make up
dainty, fluffy gowns are prominent, such as
Satin Duchess in pastel' shades, Malinette In
rainbow effects. Shot Taffeta, Pompadour and
Plain Satins, with Fish Net trimmings in va
rigated colors.
PRICES at $18.50, $20, $22.50, $25,
$30, $35 AND UP.
Colors in Maize, Heliotrope, Tea Rose, Apricot.
Flame, Watermelon, Pink and Pretty Shades
of Blue.
t MMH.nimfm nt.m.tt..-Jr "ll tff"fLl
WOMEN'S BLANKET ROBES
ARE HERE
These are in handsome patterns, cut full
and long, pretty combination colors, trim
med with silk cord, clever collars and
pockets.
$3.95 and $5.00
INFANTS' SWEATERS AT A
SPECIAL PRICE
Infants' all wool sweaters in belted and
plain styles, hih or low neck, in all
white, white trimmed m pink and blue,
old rose, Copen. cardinal, brown and gray,
sizes 2 to 4 years.
SPECIAL AT $1.95
Special Prices on
Linen Crash
Here are some that are well worthy of
your attention for there are substantial
savings to be made in every instance.
COME TOMORROW FOR THESE
'-: SPECIAL ITEMS. ,
Krr.erald Lintu Finish Crash, bleached
with red border, 17 inches wide, regular
l"Hc Quality. Special at 12c per yd.
Iileached Crash in Pure Linen, with red
border, 17 inches wide, worth regular
16 2 3c. Tomorrow, 11c per yd. ' '
Red and Blue Border Crash, all linen and
bleached, IS inches 'wide and a 20c qual
ity for 15c per yd.
CRETONNES AND CHINTZ
FOR KNITTING BAGS
Dozens of patterns to choose from in all
the good colors; 3G inches wide, priced
from 20c to $1.00 per yd.
GEORGETTE CREPES AND
CREPE CHIFFONS SPECIAL
AT$1.48YD.
These are fancy Crepes 40 inches wide
in fioral and conventional designs and
phain colors in black, navy blue, gold
and mulberry, gray, lavender, greens, red
and white.
WORTH REGULAR UP TO $2.50 PER
YARD, SPECIAL THIS WEEK $1.4&
DRESS GOODS SPECIAL -
flere is a special in Wool Dress Goods
lor this week that means timely eavings
to every buyer.
A big assortment to choose from in
wUths 06 to 4S inches, in plain serges,
checks and plaids. C olors in Copen, Navy
t!ue. Black, While, Tan and a great com
bination of colors in plaids.
VALUES UP TO $1.50. SPECIAL AT
75c PER YARD.
Save Money on Your Toilet
Articles Buy Here!
Do you realize that you can buy almost everything
in Toilet Articles and Drug Sundries at considerably
less than regular at "THE FAIR?" Then you are
sure of quality also, as we handle none but the best
and well known brands.
Notice These Special Prices
Pebeco Tooth nJ
Paste - OZC
La Blache Face QO
Powder OiC
Poudre de Riz Face "J
Powder liC
Java Rice Powder
00c Mentholatum 3)C
25c Mentholatum "QC
1'uticirra Soap ?7
tor ...61L
Woodbury's Facial O J
Soap 1.C
Colgate's Talcum C
for IOC
Cutex Cuticle Ol r
Remover , A. C
Cutex Nail Ca'ke 21C
Rosaline Special 21C
Mum, Special
price
Hinds' Honey and
Almond ,
Almond Meal
Compound
Colgate's Shaving ..
Stick
Colgate's Shaving
Powder
00c Dagget & Rams
dell's Cold Cream ...
20c Ponds' Cold
Cream
00c Ponds' Cold
Cream
Packers Tar Soap
at
Tintex for col
oring 2"c Persian Night
Cream
Dorin's Rouge
for -
Lip Sticks
at
21c
39c
19c
21c
21c
47c
21c
39c
22c
21c
21c
48c
19c
Monday Ribbon Sale
This special sale of ribbons for tomorrow will be a most welcome event, coming as it does
just at the time when you are beginning the making of Christmas gifts, and ribbons always
play such an Jmportant part and it is gratifying indeed to know that you can buy them at
these saving prices.
A wonderful selection of Fancy Ribbons in satins, taffetas. Moires, Grosgrains, Soiras and Per
sians, in plaids, stripes, checks, floral effects, Persian design, dots and cuangeables in widths
from 3 to 10 inches; they are ideal for hair bows, bags, petticoats and all kinds of fancy work.
Prices are really less than cost.
35c Ribbons for 25c
'50c Ribbons for 35c
60c and 75c Ribbons 50c
85c and $1.00 Ribbons ...65c
$1.25 and $1.50 Ribbons 75c
$1.75 and $2.00 Ribbons $1.00
$2.25 and $2.50 Ribbons $1.25
$3.00 Ribbons for $1.65
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY
Millinery New & Exclusive
Fashion has surely set her seal of approval upon the
beautiful Models in Millinery we have assembled for
this week's selling. Strikingly handsome Model Hats
in medium and small shapes, for tailored or dressy
wear. Conspicuous are velvet and velours, also Panne
velvets trimmed in furs and fancy feather ornaments.
All the Wanted Colors in
This Assortment at
Killinery
Dept
2nd Floor
$10
An excellent Tnie of white Street Hats of Hatters' Plush
and velvet in sailor styles, large, medium and small.
Special at $4,95
New arrivals are these Misses Tarns of fine velvet
In colors of green, ruby and black, tastily trimmed with
clever tassels.
Special at $2.95
Specials From Our
Popular Annex
Men's Sweater Coats, with large collars in
assorted colors from 75c to $3.75. r
Boys' Sweater Coats, S to 12 years, all sizes
in cotton and wool mixtures at $2.25.
A cheaper number In Boys' Sweaters of ex
tra heavy cotton. 6 to 12 years at 95c and 85c
Men's Wool Flannel Shirts in all sizes, col
ors, brown,' gray, blue and tan, $1.25, $1.65,
$1.75.
Men's Heavy Mackinaws, Norfolk styles in
green and red plaid, all sizes. Special price
$6.95.
Men's Wool Mixture Overcoats in colors
gray and black at prices from $3.45 to $14.75
Boys' Wool Mixture Military Overcoats in
cluding cap and leggins to match for $8.45.
Women's Coats of black broadcloth with
velvet collar and belt, special at '$7.45.
Women's Coats" of black velvet with fur
trimmings; an excellent value at the price.
$16.45.
Children's Coats in all styles and colors,
ages from 8 to 14 years at$4.75 to $7.95.
A special number in Children's Corduroy
Coats, pink, green and gray, 8 to 10 years,
$5.95.
Women's Wool Sweaters, with larse collar
and belt, assorted colors, all sizes at $2.75
to $3.95.
Misses' All Wool Sweaters with large col
lars and belt in assorted colors, from $1.95
to $2.95.
Women's and Misses All Wool Toboggan
caps in three prices, 95c, $1.25 and $1.50.
Women's, Misses and Children's Skating
Sets in all wool and beautiful colors. $1.25,
$1.45 and $1.75.
Shoes With Much
Style & Individuality
j r '
r
' - --A
.v . X. v.
Shoe Dept., First Floor
J' is with considerable pride that we express
our .ent'bushiMu about our excellent collection
of stylish Shoes for Women, and the very rea
sonable prices that are placed on them.
We feel sure that if you wilt" pay this section
a- visit and will believe the evidence of your
own eyes you will agree that our enthusiasm is
justified.
In spile pf prevailing market conditions and
rising prices we are showing a wonderful as
sortment of Novelty Boots for Women, and
jelling them under their real value, and much
below what you will have to pay in any other
store in tJiis section of the couDtry.
$6.50, $7.50
$8.50
and $10.00
Carter's Underwear for
Women and Children
We are exclusive agents for Bisbee and the Warren
District. Examine the perfect workmanship, the flat lock
stitch, the shell crochet tdees. The scalloping around the
neck, arraholes and down the front-closing garments.
The fineness of materials, the velvet like texture of the
yarn." is apparent, but most of all, "Carter" garments are
cut true to size. In other words, if you should wear a 6
you will not have to buy an eight to get eufficieut length
arid breadth in the garment. .
And last, but not least in importance. Carter garments
for this winter were ordered nearly a year ago, before the
present large advance in prices, consequently you will
pay less if you choose your underwear at "The Fair."
Underwear Prices Are
Reasonable
Cotton Union Suits are $1.50, $1.75 and $2.ou.
Cotton and wool mixed Union Suits at $.!.0), $2.50 anil
$3.00.
Silk and wool mixed Union Suits at $2 50. $3.00 and $3.50.
Finest all-wool Union Suits of softest yarns at $3.50.
$4.00 and $5.00 a suit,
Other makes of Women's Union Suits at 75c, $1.00 and
$1.25.
Single garments for women in the famous 'Carter"
quality .at 65c, 75c upwards to $2.25.
Girls' and Boys' Union Suits at 75., $1 on ytid $150. ,
EXCELLENT BEDDING
A T MODERA TE PRICES
$3
Plaid
Blankets
Wool-Nap Blankets have a ool
finish and so closely resemble the
genuine sll-wool that it almost
takes an expert to detect the dif
ferencein plaid patterns of pink,
biue and tan, that are unusually
pretty; sie. 66x80 inches. They
would sell for a third more if
bought cn today's market per
pair $3.00.
Fine Wool 0050
Blankets
"Wool Blankets will soon be a
thing of the past" say experts.
Never have there been such de
ui imds an 1 needs for wool and it
doesn't lcok as if there would bo
an improvement in conditions for
some time to come. Buy Blankets
now while you can get quality
and at "T'le Fair," where you ca'i
save. White Blankets, pink or blue
holders. V2x80 inches priced at
$S.50,a a.
Cotton
Blankets
Cotion Blankets, sizt 40 x S
inches, in gray, tan and white with
colored border, a pair 89c.
Cotton Blankets, size 43x72 In
white, gray and tan at $1.00.
Cotton Blankets, size 45x72 In.,
white, gray and tan at $1.25.
Cotton Blankets cf heavy quality,
si.e 45x74 at $1.50 a pair.
Cotton Blankets at $1.75, $2.00,
$2.50 to $3.00; a variation of size
and qwality making the difference
in price.
5-lb.Army (750
Blankets '
FOR THE sleeping porch, or for
camping trips one could not selec;
better blankets they'll be a wond
erful protection against all sorts o.
rough weather, in Army drab color,
ft'll weisht. fie pounds a wonder
ful value at $7.50 each
Sweaters and Flan
nel Shirts for Men
THE COOLER weather is suggestive of
warmer wear suggestive of flannel in outer
and under things.
"The Fair's" Men's department is parti
cularly ready with the new Sweaters and
Sweater Vests, with or without collars, in
a desirable range of colors. Sweaters are
priced at $4.50 and upwards to $10.00
Sweater Vests at $1.00.
Wool Shirts
$2.50 to $4.00
AND WHEN IT COMES to Flannel Shirt
wo re very enthusiastic for we have the va
rieiy. the quality. tJie value and of intense
Interest to you at lower price, we believe,
than you can find in a day's travel.
The shirts that e are offering you totlay
wire delivered to us last February, so you
wiil undoubtedly know, and appreciate the
fact that we can make you prices that are
much, and way below the man who waitei
un'il fall to make his purchase. We'll
simply ssk you to come and see them, the
shirts will tell their own convincing story
of quality aud low prices. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 11, 1917.
THREE
CAMP FUTON CANTONMENT IS
MECCA FOR THOUSANDS PEOPLE
FROM EVERY PART OF THE WEST
(By Review Leased Wire.) . i Elementary subjects soeh, aiir read
CAMP FUNSTON, Kan., Nov. 10. ing, writing, arithmetic and spelling
Display or affection, like pretty much have attracted the nAst students, but
everything else here at Funston, is small groups of students all through
open and aboveboard. Much of ihe the camp are studying such topics as
social etiquet of civil life is discarded , telegraphy, wireless telegraphy and
for a rtde of conduct more suite I to salesmanship, while prospective can
the circumstances of an army canton-, didates lor artillery commissions are
ment, and based, after all, on common ; plugging on mathematics all the way
sense. up to calculus. Aside from the ele-
Hundreds of soldiers in training for j mentary classes, the French classes
the national army are visited each day are the largest with an estimated to
by wives, mothers,' sisters or sweet-' tal of 9oo enlisted officers and men
hearts, and on some days thousands studying to greet iheir brothers in
of women are in Manhattan to get a j arms In their own tongue,
brief visit with their men folks. The j G. C. Dotzour, former prinicapl of
only place in camp where these men i the Lyons (Kan.) high school and
and women can meet Is the Y. M. C. A. ! prior to that connected with the Uni-
hostess house, and when that becomes versity of Kansas, is divisional educa
crowded the other couples must per- tional secretary, working under the
force meet and greet each other in ; auspices of the V M. C. A. Many ot
the open. And when wife or best girl ! the classes are taught by men who
. has crossed one or three states to see were teachers in civil life
you and you have only an h'our or so A class for "seamstresses" has befn
from military routine to visit and say opened by Captain Ingram D. Hook,
good-bye, your greeting is not likely a former Kansas City lawyer, wh'j pit
to be formal. i ies the men in his company because
So it baDcens that boys and cirls. I of the difficulties they encounter in
men and women, kiss each other in j simple jobs of sewing and patching
the street in sight of hundreds of He undertook to show them how to
other people, wtb'out embarrassment, ' sew on buttons and make patches, and
for other couples here and there are I the class made fine progress, but some
doing the same. They sit down . of the men finally asked for Instruc-
wherever they happen to be, on a ! tion in knitting. Captain Hc'ok's "de
curb, beside a road, near the street j gree" did not cover that subject, and
car tracks or on the side of the big i no knitting class has so far been
hill facing the camp and indulge in formed.
such displays of affection ire are usu- J
ally associated in the minds of the j Barracks Being Heated
I ine neating proDiem at tamp run
! ston, national army cantonment, is fil
ing a supply of coal I'Jr the heating
plants, according to staff officers. It
is pointed out that the government
orders are given precedence over
everything else.
home folks with the hammock in ;hej
side yard 'or the "cosy corner.". No-;
7' l '. most at an end. With the installation
the only result of these int. mate little of (.entra, nea.ing p,ant8 proceeding
glimpses into the affections of stran-
rapidly. It is expected that there will
gers upon observers. Indeed, Is likely ; be ,itUe difficuUy in keeping the bar
to be a wave -of homesickness. ; ncks warm tnj8 wJnter
I There are 18 of these central heat-
Soldiers and Education
ing plants, each with four large stacks.
Many of the national army men now i From these radiate out within a cer
In training here are obtaining an ed- itain surrounding district Overhead
ncation in 'other than military subjects j steam pipes. These are connected
and proving that posters hung in post- j with radiators in the barracks and
offices which urge young men to "join other buildings.
the army and receive a liberal educa-j The overhead steam pipes are about
tion" were making promises which are ' six inches in diameter and are wrap
to be realized. Night classes are be-; ped with asbestos covering to retain
ing conducted here for the benefit 1 the heat. Around the asbestos is
of and men desiring to Improve j wrapped a waterproof material which
their education, and as nearly every ; further conserves the energy of the
man aspires to be an officer the class- steam.
es are popular. I . No trouble is anticiapted in obtain-
Food Is Clean
Mothers who have had doubts as to
the cleanliness of the food which their
sons wlrtj are at Camp Funston, na
tional army cantonment, have to eat,
may ceafe to worry, as cleanliness is
a watchword about the scores ot kl:eh
ons and mess halls of the 89th army
division.
A correspondent of the Associated
Press was given permission to in
spect a kit -lien and mess hall on a
recent Sunday m'jrning, when, it was
explained, conditions are not apt to be
the best because of the fac; that the
men rest more or less on Sunday
morning. Everything, however, about
the kitchen and mess hail was scru
pulously clean. The stoves were wiped
clean of all grease, the pot 3 and pans
were shining, and the large refrigera
tor in the kitchen had no dirty cor
ners or unpleasant Odors. In the "pan
try," where there were many shelves
weigh :ed down with provisions, every
thing was orderly and clean. Dirt had
no place about the kitchen, mess hall
or pantry.
At 12:30 o'clock the men filed into
the mess hall to receive :heir dinners.
The food, in large pans r buckets,
was placed on a long counter, and as
each man walked along the counter
he was given a "helping" of meat, po
tatoes, vegetables and the other dishes
which constitute the particular meal.
The food was well cooked, clean,
wholesome and of sufficient quantity.
The meals are ea:en on large nOoden
tables. Each man has his own metal
eating utensils and dishes, which he is
required to keep clean.
A stride to the top in one year
This is the record of
r
Our Business is getting so good that we are
forced to move in larger quarters. We are
moving in the same building (Hughes Block)
just opposite the Central School
To make room we are making a sacrifice
sale on Coats, Suits, Dresses, Skirts, Negligees j
and Silk Sweaters at ONE-THIRD OFF the
regular price.
In order to get better acquainted we will
make a reduction on all orders of Suits, Coats
or Dresses.
This offer is good for fifteen days and it
a saving of from $10 to $15 on each
garment.
We. guarantee a perfect fit or will refund
your deposit. Come and let us convince you
that our work is high class.
Fruitman's Fashionable
Ladies Tailors and
Furriers
OPPOSITE Y. M. C A.
First impressions
As the visitor approaches Camp
Funston, national array cantonment,
for the first time, his first impression
is that he is drawing near a great
manufacturing cen.er. This effect is
produced by the hundreds of uniform
buildings arranged in order, and espe
cially by the 18 heating furnaces scat
tered over the cantonment, from each
of which arises four stacks which
emit their crouds of coal smoke. '
Located on the flats between the
Kansas river and the hills to the
nor:h, the cantonment is a hive of
industry. A cloud of smoke lay over
the great army site, veilings some of
the more distant buildings, for the can
tonment covers hundreds of acres and
extends for several miles fi'jm one
side to the other.
Everything Is bustle and hurry
abou; this huge cantonment. Motor
trucks loaded with supplies rolled
along over the streets of the camp
site; hundreds of visiting automobiles
were coming and going in all direc
tions; motorcycles flashed here and
here; thousands of soldiers and civil
ins were to be seen on all sides. But,
iboe all, was the industry of '.be
. lace, the immnse amount of work be
in: tcne and to be done.
To the person who has known these
,.ats in their old days, when they were
cpvered with a heavy growth of prai
He hay, hot and uninviting undtr tin
trailing summer sun, a section of the
. cuntry over which the motorist
u.led bis purring car just a little
faster, I: is almost impossible to real
ize the great change thrt has taken
place within a few short montlis This
great, throbbing cantonment, pulsat
ing with the life of a aition'j youth,
has arisen as a great gicnt, shaking
off the inactivity of centuriesapd rele
gating to history the days wiun this
section of the government rose ion
was a dreary terrain of scorching hot
winds and Kansas jack-rahbi-.s.
I SUPER CORD TIRES
TALK to the users of Firestone Super Cord Tires wherever you see them.
They have a messa&e worth many dollars to you. Lower cost per mile
in tires and gasoline counts bi& these days, so here, there, everywhere Firestone
Super Cords have become the &oal of motorists. -
These are Firestone Super Cord features that produce extraordinary perform
ance. Numerous walls of stout cords. Pure fcum separates cords and prevents
friction. Extra thick cushion layer of pure feum under tread absorbs shocks
and protects inner body of tire. Toufch, thick, resilient tread.
Bead, which holds tire in rim, strongly reinforced, as is also the side walL
Hinfce or bending point of tire thrown hifch where strain has least effect.
Result, Most Miles per Dollar.
K is
3
lfi.,!HliMH.,lMr,..,.l,l.
nnY-.i ..i r as uii i.uw n .in u u ki' n ii u u ii ik u t. in 11 n ii u :i u ii ii i. ti u .1 a i; n iVTrrrrcj j
jftire secHon at
-If your dealer's. An 11
1 examination will J I f
V Wi prove Firestone if
superiorityj
Another step forward in
A
FABRIC TIRES
THE outstanding feature of all Firestone accomplish
ments is continuous advancement. Firestone never
stands still. Here are the definite improvements:
Toucher Tread; More Cushion Stock; More Rubber
Between Layers; Reinforcement in Side WalL
See cross section of tire at your dealer's. A brief
explanation will convince you that Firestone on Fabric
as well as Cord Tires means Most Miles per DoILr.
That motorists find! extra Takes in Firtone Tires
is proved by the fact that ear sales increased 72
per cent this year op to September lit. Oar
total business this year will exceed 60,000,000.
FIRESTONE TIRE AND RUBBER COMPANY
Akron, Ohio Branches and Dealers Everywhere
5fl
Jean, Meurthe-et-Moselle D o u g 1 a s j llfflnn!rn 111 TIIC
Committee. Douglas. j WUftfiltlJ ALL I Ht
Arniana conn, .uerucnanips tscarii
St. Jfean, Meurthe-et-Moselle Miss I
Detloff, care Lowell school, Bisbee.
Louis Daniel, Kerouanguer en Tel
gruc, Finistere Capt. A. H. Stout,
Douglas.
Marie Daniel, Kerouanguer en Tel
gruc, Finistere Mrs. Engelder, Bis
bee. Mathurine Daniel, Kerouanguer en
Telgruc, Finistere Mrs. W. H. Web
ster, Douglas.
Francine David, Plourin par Mor
laix, Finistere Mrs. A. W. Adanu'jn,
Douglas.
Andre Delalande. Trois Vevres, Nie-
re Dr. F. C. Wright, Douglas.
French Orphans
Thirty-six orphans have been adopt
ed recently, bringing the number up
:o 108. Even the children are co
operating in this work, and Charles
and Edith Cobbe deserve special men
tion, because they denied themselves
the pleasure of going t'j the circus, so
as to send money to the little French
children. The names of recent adop
tions follow:
Marcelle Carton, Ecrouves, Meurthe-e'.-Moselle
Mrs. H. B. Rice, Douglas.
Raymond Carton, Ecrouves, Meurthe-et-Moselle
Mrs. W. H. Neal,
Douglas.
Rene Carton, Ecrouves, Meurthe-et-Moselle
Miss Cain, care L'jwell
school, Bisbee.
Emllienne Cafvin, 50 Rue Ste.
Beaume a la Timone, Marselle,
Bouches-du-Rhone Douglas Commit
ttee, Douglas.
Regine Chabot Chaimvaux, 96 Route
de Versailes, Billancourt, Seine Mrs.
F. C. Bledsoe, Douglas.
Andres Chamoy. Efonville, Haute
Marie Douglas Committee, Douglas.
Andre Chuteau, 40 Rue Rebeval,
Paris W. A. Meyer, Bisbee.
Robert Chuteau, 40 Rue Rebeval,
Paris J. H. Davis, Douglas.
Haymonde Clauss, 2 Rue Francois
Belouevre, MalakofT, Seine Douglas
Committee, Douglas.
Renee Clauss, 2 Riie Francois Be
louevre, MalakofT, Seine Douglas
Committee, Douglas.
Francolse Cojean, Penvenan, Finis
tere Mrs. A. B. Carey, Douglas.
Gonory Cojean, Penvenan. Finistere
Mrs. G. Knowles, Douglas.
li'jnorine Cojean, Penvenan, Finis
tere Mrs. E. W. Graves, Douglas.
Marguerite Cojean, Penvenan, Finis
tere Mrs. P. Laus, 1243 Fourteenth
street. Douglas.
Rene Colin, Sermoyer, Ain Doug
Arline Colin, Bertrichamps Escart St.
Henri Deniel, 6 Rue des Jardans,
Brest. Finistere Mrs. S. W. French.
Douglas.
Herveline Deniel, 6 Rue des Jar
dans, Brest, Finistere Mrs. M. L.
Downs, Douglas. '.
Alice Denis, 47 Rue Felix Faure, En
ghien, Seine-et-Oise Miss Monroe,
care Lowell school, Bisbee.
Camile Depaix, St. Pierre le Vleux,
Saone-et-Loire Douglas Committee,
Douglas. ''.
Etienne Depaix, St. Pierre le Vieux,
Saone-et-Loire Mrs. J. H. Butler,
Douglas.
Suzanne Desachy, 8 Rue Arago, St.
Maur, les F'jsses,' Seine Douglas
N"-mmittee. i
Germaine Curtet, Amberieu d'Azer
gues Anse, Rhone Misses Ferry,
Johnston and Funkhouser, Greenway
school, Bisbee.
Gaston Dassonville, La Ville du
Bois, Seine-et-Ois Miss Newman, care
Greenway school, Misbee.
Marguerite Delareux, 10 Rue Robert
Flour, Paris Lowell Junior High
School, Bisbee.
Georges Delvalle, Chez Monsier C.'ju
lon, Wagnet su Pont de Pierre Par
Audruclq, J'as-de-Calals Miss Irwin,
care Greenway School, Bisbee.
Helene Delidais. 54 Rue Notre Da
mede. Nazareth, Paris Miss Newman,
care Greenway School, Bisbee.
Albert Depaix, St. Pierre le Vieux,
Saone-et- Loire Mrs. Dunlap, Mrs.
Tuell. Mrs. Parish and Mrs. SafTord,
Bisbee.
TIME OVER TROUBLE
Artillery Man's Wife Gained
20 Pounds On Tanlac
Like Different Woman.
ARIZONA DRAFT MEN
PRINCIPALLY GO TO
ARTILLERY COMPANY
quarters and supply companies and
latteries A. B, C. D. E. and F.
The colonel himself, is an . lowan,
born May 15,,1$T3. Jiis education led
to the degree or. Bachelor of Science
in Univerttitv of Iowa, in 19ul. His
military work started', In the Spanish
..am I. . . . . V. A..k 1. . .... .J H m
jporal In coaipanjr F;.'49th Iowa' infau-
, , . , . , try. from June 2. 1S9S to March 10.
Naturally there is keen interest in ' . " . , , ,....,,,
' 1 1S99. . He entered the regular army as
Arizona over the identity of Colonel i ecomj Heutenant of the Second Infan
E. H. Yule commanding officer of
the 340th Field Artillery at Camp
Funston as the regiment practically !s
"My wife has gained around twenty
pounds by taking Tanlac and has
improved so much she really looks like
a different woman." said A. L. Easton j Pn Arizona organization, mainly filled
of 419 Hood street San Antonio, the ,.,!, frnm the firt and sec-
omer uuy. Air. r.uiuu la auuuier ui
TELLS ONE ON HIMSELF
C. W. Hicks yesterday received a
letter from his son Edwin, who is at
Camp Funston, and in the letter was
an account of his experience while on
guard duty the first night. He stated
that he had held up autos and all '
sOrts of vehicles an-1 a number of men, j
out along atiou'. mianignt he was ap
proached by a man whom he chal
lenged. The man replied. "I am the
officer of the day." Edwin stammered
and stuttered and could not think or
anything to say, so he finally blurted
out. "Well, what In hell are you doing
out this time of night?"
Uncle Sam's boys who is a Tanlac
booster and is a coporal In the Twen
tieth Field Artillery.
"My wife has been a sufferer for'
three years from stomach trouble." he
continued, "and got so bad she could
hardly eat enough to keep her alive.
She had no appetite and- what little
she did eat seemed to do her n.'jre
harm than good. Her food would not
digest and after eating gas formed in
her stomach and kept her in misery
for hours. She was all the time com
plaining of a sharp pain in her side
and her nerves were shattered so she
could hardly sleep at all, and she
would worry all the time over her con
dition. She kept getting weaker and
thinner all the time. About a year
ago she was operated on, but she kept
on complaining of the pain in her side 1
and seemed to be getting worse in
stead of better.
"We had about decided to have an
other operation, but thought she had
better try Tanlac first, and I am sure
glad she did. for it seems to have got
ten rid of all her troubles. She eats
anything she wants now and it don't
hurt her at all. She sleeps like a
healthy child and gets up In the morn
ing feeling hearty and strong and ac
tually able to do all her own beuse
work. She has been entirely relieved
of all pain by Tanlac and says she is
better in every way than she has
been in years."
"Tanlac is sold In Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug Co..
in Paradise by G. A. Walker, In Bowie
by Bowie Drug Store. In San Simon by
J. B. Cooke, In Willcox by A. A. Nich
olson, in Lowell by Lowell Drug Co..
and In Benson by C. F. Moss Phar
macy." Adv.
Charged with selling liquor to sol
diers, Fred D. Thompson was foun'.l
guilty by the federal jury yesterday
W. Giiiiimois and Charles P. Ceason
pleaded guilty to similar offenses.
ond contingents to the national army
from this state. According to re-
! ports, the Arizonans fill eight of the
regimental organizations, the head-
try, December 1, 1S99 and on Septem
ter 11. 190V was attached to the artil
lery corpsi,;;He received his captaincy
January 26, 1907, and in the same year
was assigned to' the Second Field Ar
tillery. In 1913. he was placed on the
rnassigned.llst. detailed to instruction
work for a couple of years.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BR1NQ RESULTS
HESS DOES SOME STAR KICKING
FOll INDIANA'S STRONG ELEVEN
Now that New Mexico is to become
a "dry" state, the supply points for
Arizona will have to be moved back
from Lordsburg and Rodeo to El Paso.
' V
- ... fm. c
Hess booting a spiral.
Heaa, of Indiana's strong eleven, has shared with left-end Risley ths
kicking burden and has done borne of the most effective hooting seep in the
western conference this season. Much of the team's kicking fell to Hess
at the time that Risiey was out of the line-up with an injured leg. FOUA
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 11, 1917.
Puplisijed Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Member of the Associated Press The Associated
Press Is exclusively entitled to the use for republication
of all sew credited to it or not otherwise credited in
this paper and also the local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reset-red.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Catered as Second Class Mall Matter at Blab, Arizona.
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PES MONTH S .76
THREE MONTHS 2.25
4SX MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.60
8UNDAV (Our Weekly) per year 1.50
sTVDAT (Our Weekly) per quarter 75
Me Subscription Taken For Lata Than 75 Cents.
PHONE NO. 31 '
A e view subscriber not receiving a copy of The Bisbfe
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
pedal Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 89. The Review will con
sider It a favor if the Irregularity of delivery Is reported
to the Circulation Department. .The Messtnger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Sunday Morning, November 11, 1917.
THE LANSING-ISHII AGREEMENT.
The permanence and practical working of the agree
ment between Secretary Lansing and Viscount Ishii, re
specting the relations of Japan and the United States
and China, depend upon the equal and faithful observa
tions of all its provisions. A misplacing of emphasis
might make the agreement a cause for difference and
discord instead of that bond of harmony, of friendship,
and of mutual interest which we cordially hope it may
become. '
"The Government of the United States recognizes
that Japan has special interests in China, particularly
in the part to which her possessions are contiguous"
eo runs the first structural and important clause of the
agreement. Then, Immediately following, we find these
two self-denying ordinances, equally of the very struc
ture and binding obligation of the covenant:
The territorial sovereignty of China, nevertheless, re
mains unimpaired, and the Government of the United
States has every confidence in the repeated assurances
of the Imperial Japanese Government that while geo
graphical position gives Japan such special interests they
have no desire to discriminate against the trade of other
nations or to disregard the commercial rights heretofore
granted by China in treaties with other Powers
' The Governments of the United States and Japan deny
that they have any purpose to infringe in any way the in
dependence or territorial integrity of China, and they de
clare furthermore, that they always adhere to the prin
ciple of the so-called "open door" or equal opportunity
for commerce and industry in China.
The two provisions must be read together that in
which we recognize Japan's special interest in China,
and that in which both Governments pledge themselves
to respect the territorial integrity and the independence
of China and to adhere to the principle of the "open
door," of equal opportunity for commerce and industry
in China. The one must not be put above the other. We
may plainly see, and Japan cannot fail to see, that this
agreement might become a menace to the friendly re
lations of Japan and the United States if there were any
failure on our part or on the part of Japan to observe
in absolute good faith the stipulation concerning the
territorial integrity and independence of China or the
principle of equal trade opportunity. Unquestionably, the
agreement has its dangers as well as its advantages.
We must remember that China is a sovereign nation.
It is a very delicate matter for two nations to execute
agreements recognizing the special interests of either
in her affairs. Our Monroe Doctrine gives us no special
Interest in the internal affairs, no shadow of control over
the foreign relations of the other republics of the west
ern world, save in the case of Cuba. The Government
of Japan, of course, understands that our recognition
of its special interests in China concedes no right or
authority of that kind over the destinies of the Chinese
people, and does not. cannot, in any way impair the sov
ereignty of their Government. If through any misunder
standing of this fundamental fact, China, feeling herself
aggrieved, should be forced to appeal to us for protection
against Japan, or to Japan fur protection against us, the
Lansing-Ishii agreement, as we have said, would become
a source of danger to the friendly relations existing be
tween the two parties to it
For our part, we can have no intention of trenching
upon the territory cr upon the sovereign rights of the
Chinese Republic. We accept this agreement as a sol
emn engagement on the part ot Japan to respect the
territory and the sovereign rights of China as we shall
respect them, and it is a reassuring pledge, opportunely
given at a moment when Germany, the common enemy
of the two countries, has been busy sowing the seeds or
suspicion and mischief, deliberately intended for embroil
ment. The spirit of the instrument is admirable, the spirit
in which this agreement was reached was most friendly,
and these mutual covenants should remove all causes of
difference between Japan and t lie United Stales, and
any anxiety that may have existed on one part or the
other concerning the interests of either in China or else
where. The agreement will be put to the test, not at
ouce. hut when the commerce of the world resumes its
flu" In the usual volume and through natural channels
after the war. Our trade with China will be important.
Japan enjoys the very great advantage of nearners to
that market, and she will understand that she has no
need, in addition to that, of any policies or methods con
trary to the principle of the "open door." That principle
means what it says, and any practice or the nse of any
influence intended to restrict the free and equal oppor
tunities of any nation trading with China would be con
trary to the principle and to the understanding.
It Is necessary that these considerations should be
brought into view and kept steadily in view on both
sides, for it must be recognized that the Lansing-Ishii
agreement is an exceedingly delicate matter, since' it
so manifestly involves the Interests of a third nation not
a party to it. So far as the interests and the relations
of the United States and Japan are concerned, the agree
ment Is good one, it nullifies hostile efforts to create
dissension, it brings the two countries together in mu
tual and friendly understanding, which the people of the
United States sincerely trust will long continue. New
York Times.
KEEP BUILDING ROADS.
The Chamber of Commerce of Phoenix, through some
mistaken Idea, has offered the suggestion that road build
ing in the state of Arizona be stopped during the war.
No more inimical suggestion, at this time, has been made
and it should be treated as most sophistries are rele
gated to the waste basket.
There are some peoole, however, who can see noth
ing in good roads but an expenditure of money. Un
doubtedly there are some of such . people in Cochise
county. This subdivision of the state of Arizona will
vote, very shortly, on the subject of a substantial bond
issue with which to improve and construct good roads.
That the need exists for them is apparent and patent
to anyone who cares to investigate, who will take the
shortest possible journey outside of the incorporated
limits of either Bisbee or Douglas.
In making the suggestion that road building be dis
continued the Phoenix Chamber of Commerce presup
poses that the roads in the state are perfect. Nothing
could be further from the truth. The Phoenix Chamber
of Commerce would have Arizona and its industries still
further handicapped by the lack of good highways' over
which to haul products to markets and to transporta
tion lines. A stoppage of road building would cut Ari
zona's efficiency. If there ever was a time when roads,
good roads, and plenty of them, were essential and the
greatest help to the state and the nation, it is at the
present time. . .
The Arizona Republican agrees with the Review in
its stand. Before the Phoenix Chamber of Commerce
stooped to its latf-st foolishness the capital city's morn
ing newspaper pointed out some very interesting features
of the question. Here are several excellent reasons, ap
plicable in Cochise county, as to why road building
should be increased rather than curtailed:
"The roads of Arizona and especially those pointing
toward Phoenix are In a wretched shape, deep with dust
and rough with chuck holes. Travelers are extending
the reputation of Arizona. If it goes much farther and
gets much worse tourists will 'discontinue' their journeys
to and across Arizona during the war. They would do
that with much more reason than we would have for dis
continuing road building.
"There is a lot of things we can discontinue. We
can discontinue any practice or act in which money U
wasted, but we should discontinue no thing that returns
a profit. Good roads do that. There is as much reason
to discontinue breathing as to discontinue road building
during the war.
FRITZ KREISLER'S CASE.
Because Fritz Kreisier was a lieutenant in the Aus
trian army, where universal military service bus been in
vogue for years, the towns of Youngstown, Ohio, anJ
Newcastle, Pennsylvania, have decided that it would be
unpatriotic for the citizens to listen to his wonderfu"
violin. . A better example of narrow provincialism ha
rarely been found In America.
Fritz Kreisier Is no different today than he wa
eighteen months ago. Then, he was . welcome in any
auditorium in the United States. His music was stand
ard of its kind and even the untutored listened with rap
ture to the melodies which he coaxed out of his wonder
ful Instrument Kreisier is an artist He is world known
and that country which enjoys his residence should be
envied.
Instead, if the example of Newcastle and Youngftown
is emulated In otber parts of tho country, (he United
States will cease to welcome the musicians who make
many weary hours passable. Can you, good reader, ima
gine anything more satisfying than to listen to Kreisier.
in the flesh or through a phonograph, play the Hunior
esque? Kreisier was unfortunate in his nationality. Had il
been otherwise the world would, perhaps, have been
without a great artist and a wonderful violinist. That be
became a lieutenant in the -Austrian army should reflect
to his credit Most artists are that alone.
So long as Fritz Kreisier is willing to olxey the laws
of the United States and entertain a nation which ii
due for much sorrow, there should he one complaining
witness against him Austria. The United States anC
its people should be glad of the opportunity to listen tn
his music and should be big enough to forget his na
tionality. Fritz Kreisier is not the German or the Aus
trian army.
Still the Italians retreat and the Huns press on.
Cadoma is looking for a Marne. It in to be hoped that
lie tinds il. Hut at the French Marne the best blood of
France and England turned and fought with irresistable
might. Hlias Cadorua that kind of blood in bis uot,ts?
COLONEL OF 304TH
FIELD ARTILLERY
PRAISES HIS MEN
Colonel E. H. Y'ule. commanding the
340th Field Ar;illery made up of men
from Arizona has written to Governor
Campbell telling him of the splendid
showing made by. the regiment in the
Liberty bond contest standing eighth
in all of the organizations at the firs;
and at the head of all the large units
With 2,785 men, the regiment sub
scribed $239,050 or $85.80 per capita.
Continuing Colonel Yule says:
Football Funds.
"I am in receipt of your two letters
of October 19th and 23d, enclosing
checks lOr $157 and $172, respectively.
I have turned this money into the reg
imental fund, and Immediately had it
checked out to the eight organizations
of the regiment, one-eighth to each,
viz: to Headquarters company, supply
company batteries "A," "B." "C," "D,"
"E," "F."
All of the above organizations have
football teams, and they certainly ap
preciate having the money. We have
several intra, regimental games, but
have not, as yet played anyLody out
side of the regiment. The men derive
a great deal of benefit from playing
football and practising.
I am sure that all the reginemt ap
preciate getting the remittances from
home, and it will be spent for football
supplies only. In fart most of the out
fits have already spent money for foot
ball outfits raised by subscriptions
from the men. . Now that money is
coming from home, this releases tha:
much of the battery funds, which they
can use for 'other purposes.
No Guns or Equipment.
The regiment is doing very nicely,
considering the equipment that we
have to work with. At present we
have no guns, nor equipment of any
kind. A lew days a(0, we received
twelve old cavalry horses, and yester
day we received sixty more, and wej
are getting about twenty mules today1
all of this with nothinz but halters.!
as we might just as well not have
them. However, we are glad to get
them. Any day a whole train of sup
plies is liable to arrive; we never
know from one day to the next what
we will have, so we just keep busy
with what we have to work w-ith.
Conduct l Good.
I am very much pleased at the con
duct of the Arizona men. There have
been no infractions of the discipline,
which says a whole lot in itself, con
sidering that the men have suffered
quite a little hardship here on account
of the variable weather
The regiment did wonderfully well
on the second liberty load campaign,
subscribing $135,100. which is $83.4C
per capita. Most of the time during
the campaign we led all of the regi
ments of the division, but at last the
Missouri troops beat us out. The of
ficer I had in charge was requested to
figure the per capita amount to see ti
we bad pulled up into the lead, after a
little quiet canvassing that we did; he
informed us that our per capita was
sufficiently ahead of the other regi
ments but it turned out that he was
mistaken in his figures and we lost out.
We all confidently expected to win in
the campaign. About $4,000 more
w-ould have put us in the lead. I have
$1,000 more up my sleeve and could
easily have raised the other (with a
little coercion.) I am very much dis
appointed over t and I guess the en
tire regiment is. However, you can as
sure the State of Arizona the regiment
came across nobly Just as I am sure i
it will always do.
Rippling Rhymes
(By WALT MASON.)
CONSERVING THINGS
I want to save the food supply, and
so I follow every faddist and this
explains my heartfelt sigh, and why
I finl each week the saddest. Per
suaded by the faddist bunch, I started
making Mondays meatless; on Tues
days I've a sickly lunch, for Tuesdays
are appointed wheatless. My heart
that once was lilting song. Is dismal
now, and doumb and tuneless; I do
not smile, the whole week long, for
every other day is pruneless. I hope
my self-denying stunt may help to
squelch the beastly foeman; I hope
to aid things at the front by dis
ciplining my abdomen. The Prussian
strength I hope to break, and so my
diet's stale and wooden; on Saturdays
I have no cake, on Sundays I cut out
the puddin. I'd rob the kaiser of his
throne, the kronprinz of his martial
tender. I am to thin to fill my duls,
bone, where once I ate the sirloin
slender. I am too thin to fill my duds.
my cheek is hollow, wan and bueless;
for Thursdays see me shun the spuds.
Fridav. now. is stewless. I
hone the eriDes are not In vain, which
idriff regions: I
hope my colic and my pain may play
the deuce with Wllneim a legions.
lighted with electricity. The mess
quarters are built ttJ accommodate 250
men at a setting and re electric light
ed. The cooking is done with gas.
The food is nourishing and there is
plenty of it
"The camp is kept in fine sanitary
condition. Garbage cans are hauled
out every day and before being re
turned are thoroughly clensed and
sterilized by steam.
"Though the new men were lacking
sadly in equipment when they arrived,
the requisitions were promptly put in
for uniforms and they were supplied
with warm bed clothing. By the time
I return these supplies will likely have
been issued.
"The men are up in the niOrning
from 5:45 o'clock and off at 6 p. m. Af
ter that there is officers 'school for
some of us until 8:30 o'clock. There is
plenty of hard work and intensive
training but our commanding officer.
Brig. General Cameron, believing that
there is such a thing as going stale on
the job and for that reason Wednesday
afternoons and Saturday afternoons
and Sundays the men are given their
liberty and usually spend it in San Diego."
GOVERNOR CAMPBELL
DECLARES WAR WORK
SUNDAY IN ARIZONA
WRiGHT TELLS OF CONDITIONS
AMONG MEN AT KEARNEY
Governor Thomas E. Campbell of
Phoenix, has issued a proclamation
making today "war work Sunday"
throughout the state of Arizona.
The proclamation follows:
"WHEREAS, in camp and trench,
danger and disease threaten our belov
ed ones who have gone forth to fight
for world democracy; and.
"WHEREAS, the soldier, by the na
ture of his calling, is cut off from
enjoyment of normaf human pleas
ures and therefore urgently requires
such social intercourse, diversions, and
surroundings as do not undermine or
demoralize; and.
JThe Y. M. C. A. having gloriously
i proven its ability to provide these
amenities to our soldiers in the camps
of Oie army at home and abroad, and.
now requiring $35,000,000 to carry on
this international campaign for war
wor.. the national Y. M. C. A. war
work council has set aside the period
from November eleventh to Novem
ber nineteenth, inclusive, to undar
take the raising of this great sum. the
Brief State Notes
Thousands signed the food conser
vatioa pledge card.
More people than ever before are
planting rye grains in Tucson this fall.
Jesus Gutterrez, a jitney driver, was
murdered on the Tucson-Nogales road.
Arizona gets $15,000
Smith-Hughes vocation
act
under the
educational
Eighty Jnew members hale been
added to the Y. W. C. A. roll at Tuc-
on.
Chris Flordland of Phoenix commit
ted suicide by shooting himself. He
had been HL
Dr. M. T. Uhler of Philadelphia
made the first payment- on the pur
chase of tho Kay mines at Mineral
Park.
At a special election, the proposi
tioa for the forming of a new city
charter for Tucson was approved by
a vote of 341 to 27.
Cattle rustling in Santa Cruz county
has been broken up, according to E.
W. Stephens, secretary of the State
Livestock Sanitary board.
The Molokans sent to Prescott from
Phoenix because they refused to reg
ister for war service lapt summer
have gone on a hunger strike.
Twenty-five million dollars is a con
servative estimate upon money which
the mining industry planned to spend
in Arizona during the present year.
Tom Menden was convicted in su
perior court on the charge of aggra
vated assault, as the result of a cut
ting affray with Frank Sexton at
Chloride.
Cipriano Duran filed a damage suit
in the United States district court at
Tucson against the Arizona Copper
company at Clifton, asking $25,000 for
alleged personal injuries.
Announcement has been made by
the State Livestock Sanitary board
that hereafter no brands are to be
recognized by inspectors except those
that have been duly registered.
Secretary Smalley of the State
Council of Defense forwarded 3,600
cards to Camp Funston and Linda
VisU for properly listing Arizona sol
diers for the period of the war.
In sinking the shaft of the Abe Lin
coln mine at WIckenburg, a body of
heavy chalcopyrite was encountered
at a depth of feet, and is evidently
the permanent ore deposit
County Briefs
Dean Roberts and Miss Vera Kemp
of Willcox were married at Los Ange
les Monday, October 29. They left
Saturday for that city and report they
will make their home on the coast
Their many friends here etxend con-gratulat-Oos.
Ralph Cameron of Phoenix, at one
time territorial delegate to congress
from this state, was in Douglas Fri
day on his way to Nacozari with
James P. Harvey. Harvey is Interest
ed in Tim Lambertson's mine, the
Lily, four miles from Nacozari.
W. C. Gordon, one of the most suc
cessful and enterprising farmers in
the McAlister district and Miss Ina
Bross of Osborne. Kan were united in
marriage by Justice Matkins Monday
evening at 6 o'clock. The contracting
parties have been life-long friends and
acquain ;ances. Their many friends
Join in wishing them a long and tippy
life and matrimonial career.
W. W. Guneols. who was arrested
at Fort Huachuca ton a bootlegging
charge, changed his plea from not
guilty to guilty in the federal court at
Tucson. According to the officers.
Guneols had been engaged in the ille
gal liquor t raffle for many months
previous to his arrest which was re
garded as one of the most important
made in some time by the federal oflicers.
According to Attorney R. N. French,
who has just returned from Phoenix,
it was colder there than in Douglas,
thin ice and frost being in evidence.
He cannot nndersiand it unless It is
because Phoenix is at a lower altitude
and farther north. He went to PhOe
nix to argue before the supreme court
the damage case of Chambers versus
the C. & A. Mfning company. Cham
bers won a verdict of $4,000 before a
superior court jury, and the case was
appealed..
The supreme court of the United
States has declined to grant a writ
of habeas corpus for John Reade of
Tucson, charged in the federal court
in Tucson with the murder of an In
dian.
Lieutenant Fred Wright who is
well known In this city, is at present
in Tucson as a witness before the
United States tOutl. He stated to
the nresa of that eitv that-
The boys of the "old First Ariionn ltare"t ever called for at one ,lme for
now 158th U. S. A., as well
regimen
as the Arizona drafted men who have
had the good fortune to be transferred
to Camp Kearney, California, are su
premely happy in their new surround
ings. "Before the arrival of the drafted
men from Camp Funston. who were
used in building up the 'old national
guard and volunteer service to full
strength fears were entertained tha.
there would be more or less rivalry
and friction between these two ele
ments. These fears proved ground
less. The old men filled the mattress-
any similar purpose
"NOW. THEREFORE. I Thomas E.
Campbell, governor of Arizona, con
vinced that this work !s of equal im
portance with that of raising money
for the prosecution and termination of
war and providing hospital and medi
cal accessories, fherefore, do hern
The extension department of the
University of Arizona is making
plans to have a six-day extension
school in the Yuma valley next month
The meetings will be held under the
auspices of the Farm Improvement as
sociations and will be held at the
Rood school house at Somerton and
at Gadsden.
After a hot pursuit of a man who
stole four mules nine miles south of
Tucson, from the starting point to
Santa Rosa, by the way of Ajo.
through Yuma and over the desert
to Holtville, W. J. Schnaufer. fore
man of the Tucson Farmers. company,
captured the fugitive and returned
him to Tucson, where be will be dealt
with for the theft.
The following were Indicted yester
day by the grand jury in its third par
tial report: Jesus Mendoza, violating
drug act; Carlos Cruz. W. P. Gil breath.
Harry Beaver, Lloyd Coatney. John E.
Wiley. Edward D. Dodge and J. G.
Coryel, Illegal traffic in liquor.
Tho appealed case of Larry Duff
asainst the state, and Stanley Priest
by proclaim Sunday, November elev-,!yi also agajnst the state, were argued
enth. nineteen seventeen, as Y. M. C
A. War Work Sunday, and respective
ly urge that all citizens and families
attend divine worship in their respec
tive churches and give abundantly of
their resources to this cause; and tha.
es with straw and everything was i in the succeeding days, every effort be
ready for the new arrivals and the best made to furnish the share required of
of feeling prevailed from the start and iour proseprous state, which is the sum
at the end of three days the men were
as chummy as could be.
"When the drafted men arrived they
were a sorry looking bunch. They
looked as though they had been up
against enemies all their lives and
were simply wondering what new kind
of a foe they would have to encounter
at Camp Kcaruy. Many of the men
were suffering from colds. The first
thing they go. was a good warm meal.
Then they were all lined up for inspec
tion aim those in need of medical aid WAS CAPTURED,
of $50.Ud0.
"In witness whereof. I have hereunto
set may hand and caused great seal
of the state of Arizona to be affixed.
Done at Pboenlx. the capital this 9th
day of November, A. D.. 1917.
(SEAL)
(Signed) THOMAS 1C CAMPBELL
Governor.
Attest: (Sisncd) SIDNEY P. OSBORN,
Secretary of State.
were given ft. Warm beds were wail-
I ing for those contingent which arriv
ed in the night.
28,000 Men In Camp.
'There are now some L'S.Oi'O men in
camp, comprising tioops from Colora
do. New Mexico. Arizona and Californ
ia. The men are slcenini: under can
vas, hut with lionrd floors and frames Howe.
lor the lehts. The maiu streets are;
August Gulnard. who escaped from
the Eleventh field artillery guard
house at Douglas Friday night, was
arrested In that city, yesterday after
noon by Deputy Sheriffs Howe and
Gannon, at the borne of James Fell
in Tom hut one canyon, lie was taken
hack to Douglas by Deputy Shcrii'f
Tuesday in the supreme court and
ordered submitted. In both cases the
appellants were represented by Rob
ert E. Morrison, assistant attorney
general, representing the state. The
case of Bob Birch against the state,
an appeal, was by agreemeut set for
oral argumeut on Tuesday. November
20.
Eleven men from all parts of the
state completed their examinations for
admittance to tbe bar at Phoenix.
Weduesday. All Of tbeni passed and
all but one wore sworn in at Thurs
day's session of the supreme four.
Ralph Bilby of Twcson wa called
home by tbe sudden illness of bis wife
and could' not remain for the reremon
ies this morning. The list of those
who are now entitled to practice law
in the state Includes the following:
Raymond Aliee, Phoenix ; Ralph Billby.
Tucson: Walter Brewer. Flagstaff;
(ieorse E. Cavin. Miami: Harry Shaw
Fenncr. Phoenix: Charles W. Gorham.
Florence: Carl T. Lichty. Tucson; Rod
McDonald. Bisbee: John E. Sanders.
Bisbee; and Marcus Woodward, Phoe
nix. 4
Deui'u and Douglas have been
paed with concrete and the cujji bs j REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS iuon to be unfit as itTp vt ip-J
B. O. Payne, the hustling fair com
missioner of this county, was at
Willcox Tuesday and is busily .en
gaged in selecting and shipping ex
hibits to the state fair at Phoenix.
He staled that the best exhibits
from Cochise county would come
from Mountain View and McAlister,
Cochise Stronghold, Dos Cabezas
and Chiricahuas, San Simon and Mc
Neil. He U enthusiastic over the
farming outlook of Cochise county
and is doing magnificent work for
the farming interests of the county.
It is hoped that he will meet with
generous assistance, as no stone is
left unturned by him to place Co
chise county on the map as a farm
ing community His method of potato
raising in this locality is worth the
experiment and should be adopted by
the farmers of this locality to as to
make this a great potato producing,
which It is well suited.
Between the last seven days be
tween 4000 and 4500 cattle have been
shipped from Willcox to various places
In the eastern markets, and also to
the Pacific coast. Wednesday 2000
head were shipped. H. L Johnson
shipped 1000 head from his Eureka
Springs ranch. Practically all of the
cattle shipped were drawn from the
r-Orthern portion of the valley. The
cattlemen who contributed to the ship
menu this week were: H. L Johnson.
Kennedy Brothers. G. L Doyle. W. D.
Wear. D. A. Adams of Dragoon. Fiege
& Peacock of the same place. Webber
& Boyle. Caleb Martin, Thomas Rich
ard's estate. Monk Brothers. Misenhi
mer Brothers. J. W Collins. R, A.
King. J. H. Getzweiler and ierra
Bonita ranch. Robinson & Morris of
E! Paso resold 800 head of cattle
which they have contracted In this lo
cality to George C. Brundage of Pix
ley. Cal. Later cattlemen from the
southern section Of the valley will
make heavy shipments.
Because of the presence of small
pox in Douglas. Dr. J. M. Leonard,
city health physician, advises every
one to clean up their premises and to
get vaccinated at once. Vaccination
the only way to to ward the disease
off the doctor says, and unless the
vaccination Is recent it is worthless.
Another precaution suggested by tho
city physician is that every one con
sult their physician as soon as they
notice any indisposition. The first
case of the dread disease was devel
oped Thursday and tbe patient was
f.l once removed to tbe detention hos
pital, but it is feared there are more
cases in the city. It Is hoped there
will not be an epidemic of the disea.-e
here this winter and the health de
partment is doing fV that ran be done
to compel the people here to (lean up.
dally the of ta. sick, nartkulatly
of the ? of p-iccm t'(a, w. - t'.:
substance of Dr J I. .tler's r
marks Friday at the Luncheon club in
Tqcs.o. in which ho indicated that the
army phyicians were looking for a
lower altitude, which would natural'.r
be Tucson, although they had been
considering Phoenix. He said he had
been discussing tbe situation ml Dent
ing and at Douglas with a surgeou
from the army headquarters and found
that the mortality from pneumonia in
the Deming camp was 50 per cen.
whereas the mortality in civilian life
was about 10 per cent. The higher
rate was due to the high altitude, he
said. "It seems to me something
mluht be done to direct attention to
Tui'soik where there are many advan
tages in the treatment of such case-."
1
IT
X U;
r .
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 11, 1917.
FIVE
V
FULL STORY OF THE CRUISE OF
GERMAN RAIDER SEEADLER TOLD
FOR FIRST TIME BY U. S. CAPTAIN
(By Rievew Leased Wire) :
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10. The full
story of the cruise of the . German
raider Seeadler has been obtained by ;
the navy department from Capt. Hal-1
dor Smith of the American schooner
R. C. Slade and three other manners, ,
who landed at Tutuila In an open boat and he told me to lower down sails
September 29 after being marooned on i and stand by and he would send an
Mopeha island by the master of the0fficer aboard me. Shortly after the
Seeadler when the raider grounded
and was abandoned. ;
The Seeadlerf formerly the Ameri -
can ship Pass of Balmaha, belonged,
to the Boston Lumber company, ana Bnd they would give me time in me, Doat an(j machine gun and captured
was in the Nova Scotia trade before morning to pack my clothes. , tne 8njp ghe na(t a large cargo of
the war. After the war broke outj "They took all our men aboard the flouri 8ajmon and beef and a supply
she was put under the American flag raider except the cook. Next morning 0f water. Kling and his crew disman
and was captured by the British and it went tack on botrd with all my tied the wireless apparatus and left
a prize olficer was put aboard her wi ll nien and packed up. We left the ship the island in the Lutece that night,
instructions to take her to Kirkwall, wjtn our belongings June 18. Wa. leaving 48 souls, including the Amer
Scotland. On the way she was cap-'-ere put 0n board the raider again. leans, the crew of the French trader
tured by a German submarine and1 shortly after I saw from the raider, and four natives of the island. Scant
6ent to Bremen and fitted out as a that they cut holes in the masts and; provisions, and bad at that, were left
raider. A picked crew was placed Jpiace(i dynamite bombs in each mastjtheni. Besides these they found a few
aboard, some of whom spoke Nrwe-jand put fire to both ends of the ship! cocoanuts, but the great number of
eian. and sent out into the Atlantic an(i ieft her. I saw. the masts go over rats on the island destroyed them.
under the guise of a Norwegian ship.tne side and the ship was burning ;
The ruse worked so well that after
leaving Bremen on December 21.1916.
the Seeadler was held up by tne nni
ish auxiliary cruiser Highland Scot
examined and passed. , Sailors' identi-
cation books issued by the Norwegian burninK engines. Her captain was reacn laniu ana returned exnausiea
government were furnished the roen,!r-elix Graf von Luckner, active cap-j on September 16. Captain Smith with
although they probably were taken ;tain lieutenant; the first lieutenant.! three men to'ok the small boat and
from captured Norwegian vessels andn,, Kling; prize officer. Richards managed to reach Pago Pago ten days
given to the men who seemed to fit piess. There also was a chief engi-ilatr- ,. A. ,
the descriptions given. These. to-neer. a navigating lieutenant, a mate! Captain Smith said that after the
gether with pictures of Norwegian jand a doctor. All told, her complement Seeadler was abandoned the Germans
kings and ,ueens. gave the ship toe' 68 officers and men. Mounted i VsoThat' pant vesae'l, mtVt
appearance of a Norwegian . , between decks she carried two 4 -inch, Png --Isht
cruising in the Atlantic, thirteen ships j
. . .L. " . n n (u i rum
,,,ueaDMum,.,r, ras,ul. ! probably is a menace to navigation,
marks were captured, and four m the: When the men from the Slade ar-, Altnough the Seeadler nlay oe a
Pacific, the American schooner A. B., rived aboard the raider they found ck ft ,g p08Sib,e tDftt her guns stm
JOhnson, the American schooner Man-; nine prisoners from the American! in position t.0 se
ila and the French schooner Lutece. schooner A. B. Johnson of San Fran-j Forty.four persons still are on Mo
Relating the story of the capture, cisco. captured three days before. Onpeha lsland but Captain Sm)tn 8ald
tf his ship, the Slade. Captain Smith! jiy s. Smith stated, the schooner; tney wcre jn no iramediate danger of
said: Manila was captured and dynamited ; starvation Tnere are turtles and
1 left Sydney on April 24, 1S17.; after the 10 officers had been taken j figh on tne jsiand ne BaMf and tne
and proceeded without any incident; off. Aboard the Seeadler, he said, water, while brackish, is not danger
until the evening of June 17. when Iwas a Hollander who had been taken0U8 Tne only danger, he said. 1r of
wai in latitude about 2 north. longi-!0ff the first ship captured and was I sickness. One man had gangrene
tude 150 west. On the evening of kept aboard because he had made anjwnen ne ief Some medicine was
June 17, about 5 o'clock, the second! insulting remark to the captain about' ieft, but he doubted that he survivors
mate reported to me that a ship washerman money. j knew how to use it.
firing on us. I went on deck and!' For about three weeks the raider. Recent dispatches Indicate that the
looked aft, and instantly; as I came on! kept beating up and down looking for captain t the Seeadler and five of his
deck they, fired again, and I saw the pausing ships. Meeting none, they crew were captured on September 21
shell fall short about two miles. She ; went south to Mopeha on July 81. j off the Fiji islands by Fijian constat:
was about eisht miles off. There was anchored on the lee side of the Island., ulary. What became of the men who
a heavy squall starting to eastward jand on August 2 the ship was drivenlleft Mopeha island In the Lutece Is
wind favorable to this time and I ' hard and fast ashore. The three; not known.
thought it possible to get away and! American captains had gone ashorej
kept holding on. But she kept firing j with the German officers on a picnic Since the United States entered the
oh me at intervals of about five to, anfl the prisoners were left on the; war more than $25,000,000 worth of
ten minutes, and was coming upon me! ship. Cannon were fired to tell the food has been destroyed by fire in
fast I party the ship was in danger, but this country, enough to feed an army
'The ninth shot, fired about 5' when they returned they found the of 1,000,000 men for almost a third of
o'clock, struck very close, passing the' propeller twisted on the coral reef and a year.
J Si "Mark
V g Subtle
Flavor"
J! '
TEHR'S
Serve
Ice
Cold
WWJ ... .. . ,-J4
poop and splashing water on the sHip. t
Then 1 concluded that there wasn't
any use, and I lowered down spanker,
clewed down topsail, hoisted American
flag and hove to. About 7 o'clock the
raider was up alongside and asked
what ship. I told him what it was
prize officer came aboard and a doctor!
and about 10 men. These otncers were,
m uniform. They told me to leave.
the ship and to go on board the raider;
from end to
steamed away.
end, and . the
raider i
CaDtain Smith said the raider was;
a full-rigged ship of steel or iron,!
aDout 2300 tons, propelled by oil-!
chnie guns
The name on her bow
1
You'll meet with a most pleasant surprise
the moment you taste Ambrosia. It has th at
smooth, subtle flavor only found in Bever
ages made from nutritious cereals.
ORDER A CASE SENT HOME
At ResUnruts, Hatds, dabs, Cifes, FMmUias, Dreg mi C-ottrr Storn
CENTRAL CONSUMERS CO, Inc, LouisviHa, Ky.
MYERS, DARLING & HINTON CO.
Wholesale DUtributors
the vessel beyond help. After working
all afternoon they gave her up a lost
and took ashore everything they could
move, including the boats, gear and
wireless. The wireless plant, a very
powerful one, was set up between two
cocoanut trees. It was equipped with
sending and receiving apparatus and
without difficulty they were able to
hear Pago Pago. Tahiti, and Honolulu.
On August 23, Captain Smith relat
ed the German officers fitted up and
armed a small boat and started for
the Cook islands or the Fiji islands,
where they hoped to capture an
American ship and come back for the
crew. Count von Luckner, the master,
was in charge. They were never beard
:of agajn at Mopeha island.
After their departure wireless mes
sages In code from Pago Pago to the
American consul were intercepted and
the German crew believed the count
nad been cap-tUJ-ed. On September 5
French trading schooner from Pa
pettCi the Lutece, put in at the island,
Fret Lieutenant Kling took a motor
There was plenty of fish and turtles,
A small boat had been -left behind
and the marooned men fitted it up.
The. captain of the Manila with a
small crew started out in the boat for
Tahiti on September 8. They failed to
with lumber and the derelict now
GERMAN
PROPAGANDA
SWITZERLAND; MILLIONS SPENT
IN EFFORT TO GET GOOD WILL
BERNE, Nov. 9 (Correspondence of
The Associated Press.) Probably at
no time since the war began has Ger
man propaganda been more aggres
sively active in Switzerland than at
present.
Those wh'j are following the Ger
man campaign declare that uncounted
millions are being spent, and that the
expenditures have increased since the
day, not so very many months ago,
when counter efforts were begun
counter efforts that with comparative
ly insignificant amount of money have
accomplished wonders by their tact
and cleverness.
The German propaganda Is operated
in a score of ways, but the chief meth
od is the presentation of the German
viewpoint and German news in the pa
pers, but because it Is clumsy it Is
vastly less effective than the outlay
should warrant In brief, Germany
has tried and is trying to influence
Swiss public opinion as if the Swiss
people could clearly understand the
German way tf thinking.
As the basis of its propaganda work
here, Germany acquired a number of
newspapers in Switzerland several in
the German language and one publish
ed in French, the latter now under
suspension. Similarly, the "Swiss"
papers in the German language are
quite as obviously German as the
Berlin Lokalanzeiger or the Cologne
Gazette except that they are immeas
urably less able.
Then the Germans acquired or start
ed a whole series of news agencies
through which to distribute their news.
Soon, however, these agencies added
another and vastly more Important
function, that of collecting and trans
mitting news from countries at war
with Germany news, however, care
fully colored If not actually distorted.
It was in this direction that the Ger
man propaganda began to be danger
ously effective.
While German newspapers them
selves could tnly roost along the Ital
ian border at Lugano, and the French
at Geneva, and transmit colored news
from Italian and French newspapers to
Germany, the neutral Swiss corres
pondents of the so-called "Swiss"
agencies had free access to Italy and
France. They carefully chose all the
misleading, even though technically
accurate, news they could squeeze by
tne censor. If a sensational and un-
muuemiai oeputy m tde French or
Italian chamber makes an attack on
the government, it is faithfully flashed
i'j Switzerland; if a score of women in
Rome threw stones during a protest
meeting, Switzerland heard of the
"rioting" that is gravely menacing
the established order in Italy.
With America's entry into the war
the agencies went a step farther and
rendered another important service
to Germany, distorted news from the
United States. Again and again the
reliable, the genuinely Swiss Journals
issued denials or published the correct
news. The first effect was not to be
corrected by later stories.
The general trend of this American
news concerns the embargo and Amer
ica's intentions toward Switzerland.
Every story in a list that would fill a
scrap book tended to show that the
United States had the intention of
starving its little sister republic. Not
even an announcement by Switzer-I
land's president that from authentic!
reports he knew food was underway or
soon to start could offset the effect of '
the first stories. And they had mean
time gone to Germany and were follow-;
by sympathetic, editorials in German
papers popular here commiserating i
with Switzerland in a struggle against1
Yankee oppression. 1
A third propaganda method which t
began early to operate and still flour
ishes, is that of "literature" that is dis
tributed by the ton. . Switzerland is
flooded with it, and the protests that,
nave been raised have come in a sur
prising number of rases from German
Switzerland. The procedure is. "edit
deutscli." It is one that has been fol
lowed in Holland, in Scandinavia, in
all the neutral countries tince the be
ginning of the war.
Vastly mUre effective and clever has
been the Austrian propaganda in
Switzerland. Shortly af er the open
ing of war two influential and clev
er newspaper men one an Austrian
from Vienna the other a Hungarian
fwm Budapest both of whom operat
ed news bureaus in their respective!
cities, were commissioned by the Aus-j
tro-Hungarian government to esuty
Hxh a seemingly neutral bureau iu
Zurich that should have connections!
in other neutral as well as enemy)
countries. They were careful never j
to send it the ordinary. German brand i
of "propaganda" news. j
The bureau was successful and isj
today. It establirhed connections iui
Holland, in Rome and elsewhere, and!
is able to place a comparatively large
quantity of news which is the more of-1
fi-ctive because it is not too obviously'
Austrian in character. It nrourages
the rather lively sympathy 4 hat exists;
for Austria and will always carry a
story tending to show that Austro
lluugary is not rvally an autocratic
monarchy but rather a collection ofi
free peoples volantarily bound toge-'u-!
er uto oe nation and liirUtin bravely!
THRIVES
' an uphill battle that was not of their
choosing.
! The effect of the German-Austrian
press propaganda is a curious contra
diction. The German tends to alien
ate, the latter attracts. The German
campaign for many months was, de
spite its unwelcome features, success-
full for simple reason that there was
almost no counter propaganda. The
Swiss papers, much as they wanted to
present both sides, and to be primar
ily pro-Swiss, had little choice but to
1 print much of what came from the Ger
man press agents because there was
nothing else but the official reroprts
from the warring countries.
The genuinely Swiss papers in Ger
man Switzerland protested in vain.
The mails continued to be choked with
"literature" and the wires with
"news" from the eight or nine German
and Austrian news bureaus. Those
who know assert that at heart a big
percentage of German-speaking Swit
zerland was pro-German.
The entente evidently thought so
too, and they were clever enough to
see that there would be no necessity
for matching dollar for dollar the out
lays of Germany for propaganda fn or
der to neutralize - if not nulify the
effectiveness of the eight or nine bu
reaus. One tenth as much money and
several times as much cleverness
would do the trick.
Details are inadvisable. Suddenly
tne bwiss papers, especially thosa
printed In German, began to receive
extremely objective well written newg
about entente affairs. The accounts
were some times supplemental to the
official reports but also they covered
a vastly larger field. They were ac
cepted gladly by all but the papers
that had been acquired by German
interests.
rnen tne entente forces added a
feature which the Germans as yet
have only faintly tried to copy. The
pro-Swiss and the pro-German papers
began to receive a German service
that was a revelation to them. They
began to get extracts from German
papers, views expressed editorially and
accounts of occurrences that were
brand new to them because the eight
agencies had not carried them.
The effect was not instantaneous
but today is very marked, and grow
ing much more so. The uninitiated
reader still bas to pick and choose
very carefully which paper- he shall
buy. but if he knows which are the
genuine Swiss papers he will find both
sides of the struggle dally well repre
sented by news items and stories that
are not distorted or colored.
Careful observers, both Swiss and
American, who have lived in Switzer
land either all tluMr lives or since the
war, say there bas ben. during the
past months, a gradual but decided
shift in public opinion. German
Switzerland, they say is no longer if
It ever was, overwhelmingly pro-German.
Today it is part pro-entente and
much more pro-Swiss.
That has not prevented Germany
from redoubling its efforts. Some
thing' is happening all the time, but
most of it is propaganda, and most of
the propaganda is German, but on
this neutral battlefield the Germans
seem also to be fighting a losing fight.
COUNTY AGENTS TO
MEET MONDAY WITH
GEFENSE COUNCIL
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Nov. 10. On Mon
day all county agents and members of
the seed committee of the Universitj
are to be guests of Chairman Dwight
B. Heard of the state council of de
fense, at a dinner at which will bc
presented details of the crop surves
lately completed, covering the entir
state. It is proposed ti make tliii
survey the. basis of most practice'
work leading toward the IwMernient oi
the food supply, as one of Arizona's
contributions to the nation's wartime
needs. For instance, a much large
acreage of wheal is needed in Marico
pa -ounty while the bean acreage in
Cochise county and Yuma could be
increased materially. Every roumy
agent is to receive all the agricultural
data concerning bis own county, cover
ing crops and product acreages, especi
ally for the patriotic work on which
he is expected to engage at once.
Chairman Heard has just returned
from a meeting at Washing' on of large
importance. Assigned to him is mem
bership on the committee on rattle
within the meat divisiun of the Food
Administration. He has asked tb it
member of the council of defense re
port as soon as possible at headquart
ers, 112 North Central avenue, for
there Is much to be done slid the ser
vices of every patriot'c worker are to
be needed.
Issue price of toew 4'.r French loan
will be S.H. at whit h figure the loan
will pay investors 5IS3'. Subscrip
tion lists will he open from Novem
ber "ti to Deoeciber !
'Wonderflilly
Satisfactory"
STEARNS-KNIGHT
American Automobile Co.
Tacoma
"results accured in the hun
dreda of Stearna-Knight aoid
by us have been wonderfully
aatufactory."
CHEVROLET
W. S. Dulmage Motor Co.
Seattle
we are finding Zetolene a very
Erie lubricant."
CADILLAC
Waters Auto Sala Co.
Ken
"we consider Zerolene partic- .
olarly adapted tor aae in bighr
speed "V type motor."
MAXWELL
Lord Motor Car Co.
Lot Angeles
"have used Zerolene In Mas-
well can for ever tbrae years
wtta) esceurnt resume.
The Standard Oil for Motor Cars
The Churches
First Baptist Church.
Sunday school at 9:45 a. ni
Mr.
Dranaman, superintendent.
Morning service at 11 a. m. Ser
mon subject, '"Watching Jesus on the
Cross."
Junior H. V. P. U. at :43 p. m. in
church parsonage. j
Senior B. Y. P. C. at :45 p. m. in'
church auditorium. Subject. Seeking
Worth While Things. Leader. Miss
Watkins.
Evening services 7:45 p. m. Sermon
subject. Wild Oats.
The ordinance of baptism will be ad
ministered following evening services.
All are cordially invited to attend
tbese services. F. M. Pittman, pastor,
L. R. Davison, chairman of press com
mittee. Assembly of God.
Sunday school at 10 a. m.
Sunday preaching at 2 and 7:30 p. m
Tuesday Eible study at 7:30 p. m.
Friday prayer meeting at 7:30 p. m.
Everybody cordially invited to at
tend these services.
Mission on Xaco road, one block
below the depot. John Eitlng. pastor.
St. John's Episcopal Church.
Sunday school at 9:45 a. m.
Morning service at 11 a. m.
Warren Sunday school at 9:45 a. m.
You Can Shake Loose from
The Tortures of Rheumatism
By using S. S. S.
The germs of Rheumatism are in
the blood, which is laden with mil
lions of the minute demons of pain,
causing untold suffering and bringing
its victim from vigor and strength to
almost helplessness. To get real and
genuine relief from this disease,
thee disease germs must be com
pletely routed out of the system
through the blood.
S. S. S. has been nsed for fifty
years with satisfactory results in the
lfV').'!i
v-
raft A'y
1 PEARL f 1
PERFECTION
OIL HEATER
FOR SALE BY
Phelps-Dodge Mercantile Co.. Bisbee. Arls. 11. .E. Woolen. Bisbee. Aril.
Standard Furniture Co.. Bisbee. Ariz. Bisbee Furniture Co. Bisbee. Ariz.
Stuart & Roundtree. Bisbee, Ariz. Johnson Addition Furniture Co.. Lowell.
Ariz. Phelps Dodge Mercantile Co., Lowell, Ariz. O. O. Branson Furniture
Co.. Lowell. Ariz. Chris Helkkinen. Ixwell. Ariz. F. N. Wilcott. Tombstone.
Ariz. W. A. Mi Spiirren, Tombstone. Ariz.. Machomich Mercantile Co., Tomb
stone. Ariz. Phelps-Dodge Mercantile Co., Warren, Ariz. Phelps-Dodge Mer
cantile Co.. Naco. Ariz.
Ftr tractors, Zfltnt
Heavy-Duty u t spin
ally rtcimmtudti.
Endorsed by Leading
Car Distributori
because the records of I Heir
eeitke department show that
Zerolene, correctly refined
from California a-phrl' hie
crude, give perfect lubrication
less wear, more power, least
carbon deposit.
Dealer everywhere an4
at our terrice rations.
STANDARD
OIL COMPANY
(CaJttrmia)
?5i
Choir practice Wednesday a?7 p. in.
H. S. Brewster, rector.
Christian Science Society.
Christian Science Society of Bisbee
Jiolds services in the Woman's Club
building on Quality hill at 11:15 on
Sunday. Wednesday evening at 7:43
The public is welcome and invited to
attend. Subject for Sunday. Novem
ber 1L Adam and Fallen Man.
Rev. A. J. Irwin will bold religious
service at Don Luis. Sunday. Nocem
ber 11. at 11 a. m. and at Warren at 7
p. m. Please note the change in timej
for the evening service. Come and
bring a friend with you.
Sheriff Miles drew the strings Fri
day ut Tucson of a n. that hai been
laid over the city rluv':s the -last two
weeks by the Thief Detective Serrica
t the c - a'.. s a re
Sxit i? men were herd M into the al
ready overcrowded county Jail, 19
charged with bootlegging and one with
running a gambling Joint under a ci
gar store on Congress street.
Mrs. Bessie Budd is the first appli
cant in the state for the mother's pen
sion under the state law. Her appli
cation was submitted to the county
welfare board of Maricopa county,
which has just held its first meeting.
Inasmuch as Mrs. Budd bas seven chil
dren. It Is possible she will receive the
maximum pension of $60 a month.
This pension, however. gjes only to
permanent residents of Arizona.
treatment of Rheumatism. It acts
directly upon the blood, which it
promptly purifies of all disease germs.
It is powerful antidote, and elimi
nates from the blood all trace of
rheumatic germs, building up and
strengthening the run-down system.
Write to-day to our medical di
rector, who will give you valuable
advice regarding the proper treat
ment of your own case. Address
Swift Specific Co, Dept. I At
lanta, Ca.
7br
baby's bath
Protects him from chil'
keeps bun coenf y. In
stant beat. Easily car
ried. Foci consumed on
ly when beat is needed
no waste. No smoke
or odor.
STANDARD OIL
COMPANY
(UUMWU)
p-, '"ti' cp! -1. Y if V" 1 at
S3
r SIX
THE BISBEE bailX REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 11, 1917.
STEPS ARE TAKEN
TO AID PRISONS
GREAT BRITISH DRIVE TIIREATKXS
DISASTER TO GERMANS IN FLANDERS
(Continued From Page One)
prisoners in this country have been
forwarded to Germany by the war de
partment through the stPte depart
ment and a neutral arent. They are
Intended to revea! the espectaf ion of
the T'nited Stites that similar consid
eration will be shown American sol
diers and sai'ors who may be cap'ured:
by Germany. j
Two Prisoner Classes. j
Two classe of Gerrran prisoners nrej
detained in this country. One is corn-)
prised of German sailors taken in'oj
custody when the Fnited States in-!
Iqrned various'" vessels at the begin
ning of the war. The other class is
comprised of enemy aliens, civilians
who have been arreted and ore now.
being detained under governmental
regulations.
Dentertion Camp.
The principal detention crmp it at
Fort MePherson. Ga.. where approx
imately S50 war prisoners are held.
At Fort Oelethorn, Ga.. there are 165
eneniv aliens, who are not. strictly
sneak'ng, prisoners of war. At Fort
Druelas. t'tah. there are 517 prison
ers of war and eiehfy interned aliens'
Small detachments of other intenr
ed aliens are now tr-r-r '-
ered at armv nostg f-r-w? j
country but their number is relatively
small. In addition the department
of labor has !n custody several hun
dred Germans, members of the crews
o vaWoui mpi-cknt ?h'n. tm
proup is divided t"w -
pration station at Fllis Island and a
detention camp at Hot Springs. X. O.
fNIEUPOR
1
CAMPAIGN
FO
WAR WO
(FUND
OF Y FENDING
! Formal Opening Will Be Tues
sonai convenience and a pressnre 01
immediate necessity which imposed
great sacrifices. Vet the services of
men trained by the experience of the
firrt draft must of necessity be re
tained and the selection boards must
provide the directing mechanism for
the new classifif ation. The thin
they have done Is scarcely one-tenth of!
hte magnitude of the thing that re
mains to be done. It is of great im
portance, both to our military and
our economic interests, that the clas
sification be carried swiftly and accu
rately to a conclusion. An estimate
of the time necessary for the work
leads to the conclusion that it can be
accomplished in 60 days, but only if
this great marshiling of our resources
of men Is regarded by all as a na-!
tional war undertaking of such signi-
ficance as to challenge the attention 1
and compel the assistance of every
American. j $
Asks Citizens' Aid. y
"T rnll nnon nit riti?pnR therefore I
to assist local and district boards by mally on Tuesday morning, but It will
profering such service and such ma-1 "oily get underway tomorrow night,
terial conveniences as they can of when tbe leaders who have under
fer and by appearing before the board j taken the work of securing the money
either upon summons or upon their!11' meet at the Y- M- A. for a
nwn initiative to irive. such infnrma-! dinner and a final discuss ion of mat-
I even more prominent, and most of the
men are following irs admonitions. It
reads'
1 "YOIT PROMISED A LETTER,
i WRITE IT NOW!
I "Other entertainers came to enliven
the evening and other, soldiers came.
The hut wa fulL Xow it overflows.
Some soldiers can neither force an
entrance nor find room to see between
. 1 . I . .-, - 1 I 1 M,
tne neuus inai. 1111 wie winuuw. ineyi
14 feet, but at present is not being
worked.
He states that more ore is in sight
now than at any time within the his
tory of the, mine, and the grade in
holding up excellently. Two shifts
are now being worked regularly 40
the force of miners has been greatly
increased.
The work Is being conducted eco-
ihave to go away and there's the pity.l ncmically and efficiently in every de
; for there are other night pictures of j partment. The railroad is now more
a very different type and they are too j than paying expenses and a feeling of
iti tin lftnlrad nnnfl vtlDn tVlOQA nf thd
day Preceeded By Meeting; Y tents cannot be."
Monday Evening at Y. M.
C. A. of All Those interested.
The campaign for subscription of
1,000 In the Warren district to the
. M. C. A. war work fund opens for
Ship Building
Program Aided
by Draft Order
(Continued From rage One.)
The great British offensive in Flanders threatens disaster to the Ger
mans in Belgium. Forces under General Haig have deepened the. Ypres
salient. Instead of following the Ypres-Menin road (1) the BritisKforces
rwept over .the ridge extending from Passchendaele (2) on the north to
Gheluvelt (3) on the south. The British and Canadians have also-captured
the villages of Postcappelle (5) and Broodseine (4). The important town
of Roulers (6) is now threatened, and British guns are now sweeping the
vital railway lire extending from Roulers to Menin, ten miles south. The
shaded area indicates British gains during the past two months.
was sending, the author of the Welsh
letter wrote:
Seek Writers' Identity.
"The woman's society wants to
know if it would be passible to have a
supply sent out here. They will guar-
for service. If the army has need of
a large number of men of any particu
lar trade, those in that trade will be
called up for service without regard
to their draft status as to men in other
trades, but in the new order of class- learn the 'entity of persons indicat-
ification provided In the regulations. ea ,etters ana ,nu,a,s ln lne conv
.... ... munication.
Volunteers Asked
They will be asked to volunteer. If Tbe have information that persons
enough do no t come forward the draft! in Xew York city and other parts ol
will be invoked, the eld master iist ! the country are concerned in Aemrican
of the draft lottery applying to the! ramifications or Sinn Fein activities,
men in their new trade classification,! Rioter's Narrative,
modified by the five class plan. ! The communication found in Mel-
Under the law. however, men can lowe's possession is said to constitute
be summoned in this war only fori the first authentic narrative by a par
work directly connected with the mil-! ticipant in the rebellion of events lead
itary establishment and will be form-H ng up to the Dublin rioting. The
ally brought into the military estab-j "titer said he believed the shipment
lishment to be assigned to their partic- of arms and ammunition to Ireland
ular branch of military work. They aboard the steamer Aud, which was
CHAPIN MURDERER SOUGHT.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Xov. 10. A
search for the murderer of Dr. Harry
I. PhMnin. nhvsininn. author nnpt and
antee a sale of 100 pounds Any prof-, traye,er turned today from tWg cj
Its from the sale will be handed overtQ Cnicag0 when a nop of captur.
to the armies fund. , ,ng the 6U8pect here seemed a( fln
r eui-rai ugeuis are eiiueavunng 10 ;
Federal authorities joined in the
chase when special agents of the de
partment of justice offered the Cleve
land police assistance in running down
smugglers for whom the man sus
pected of the murder is believed to
have acted as a salesman.
Dr. Chapin was found in a down
town hotel last Thursday 'with a frac
tured skull from which he died sev
eral hc&rs later. Jewelry valued at
$4000 Is believed to have been stolen
bl the murderer.
MEXICAN SENTENCED.
cannot be drafted for service in' pri
vate plants, even If such plants are
at work on government orders. It was
sunk on the way, was arranged from
America and without the knowledge
of Sir Roger Casement, leader of the
this situation which made necessary a:reDellion' wn arranged to obtain th9
special examination list of shipyard belP 01 Germany.
employes. j ' Theauthor of the communication ex-
There is no inten'ion, it was stat-1 presses the belief that in vitw of an
(By Review Leased Wire)
LOS ANGELES, Cab. Nov. 10. Ju!
ian Trens and Frederick Dato, broth'
er-id-law of Colonel Esteban Cantu
governor of the northern district of
Lower California, were sentenced to
day in the federal district court to ten
ed, o" extending similar exemptions i agreement with Germany that if the months imprisonment In the county
to employes of munitions and other
plants engaged on government work
course of the war al lowed it, Ger-tjail and fined $2,500 each upon con-
many would set up an independent viction of conspiracy to smuggle arms
Only the great necessity of expediting Ireland, it would have been advisable' into Lower California.
k- .1,1. Kuiiiiincr nt ttip niintrv to nns-i to hnve waited until the end or the'
wer the submarine menace nasi war, it necessary 10 Dring aooui sucn
brought about the action attesting ship; a move.
yard employes. Some of the Plot.
"I believe it would have then been
possible to run guns on a huge scale
and arm every man in Ireland," the
writer continues. "I am fully con-!
vinced that the w-ar ending and the:
promised home rule bill nat forth-
Kerensky IsNow
Located and Hope
Held for Reunion
PRESIDENT TELLS
OF QUESTIONNAIRE
(Continued From Page One)
(Continued From Page One.)
David R. Francis, the American am
bassador, who has ben closely follow
ing the course of events since the be
ginning of the overturn, said today
that he bad been trying vainly for
two days to find a single member of
the provisional government.,
"I am awaiting developments," the
ambassador added.
coming, the ranks of the volunteers "cations of each of nearly ten mil-
would be largely augmented. I would : lion men- Tne success of the plan and
LofoW rvnn nn h.vincr so ana inrwii , Us completion within the estimated
and dependable men. ' j time rest3 on tne whole-hearted sup-
. . ,. ... . . . fc 1 port given by the people, especially bv
"I believe It would have been much 1 f .. . .
. , ., ,, the doctors and lawyers of each com-
wiser to w-ait for some issues whica . A. , , .
4,..f .,. . niunity. and the president calls upon
nUUlU JUOLilJ UUI sU9G Sift
Sinn Fein Plot
Exposed by the
. Secret Service
(Continued From Page One.)
Who Is "SeanFearr
Through study of the communica
tion federal authorities believe the
person designated as "Seanfear" Is
the director of all Sinn Fein opera
tions. Though unsigned the wording
of the letter, they believe, shows It
was written by a subaltern of "Sean
fear," who might be termed the "sec
retary of state" of the Sinn Fein or
ganization. Portions of the letter, authorities
say, five ground for their belie that
Welsii was one of a number of mes
sengers who brought orders from lead
ers of the organization in Ireland to
their agents in this country and re
turned with word as to the progress
of operations here. Welsh is In the
Tombs in default of $2,500 bail, charg
ed with violating the trading with
the enemy act.
In requesting that some "brooches"
be purchased with money which he
of the people, who were certainly very
hostile when the insurrection broke
out and remained hostile until the
executpion of the leaders."
them for that unstinted aid.
The president's foreword follows:
The Foreword.
I "The task of selecting and mobiliz
i Ing the first contingent of the na
! tional army is nearing completion. The
expedition and accuracy of its accom
plishment were a most gratifying dem
onstration of the efficiency of our
democratic institutions. The swift
ness with which the machinery for its
execution had to be assembled; how
ever, left room for adjustment and
improvement. New regulations put
ting these improvements into effect
Coming Worn behind, and in the!are- therefore, being published today.
mere is no cnuuge in iue esisr.. .1111
BISBEE HIGH SCHOOL .
GOMES FROM BEHIND
AND TIES ARTILLERY
last quarter of play, the gritty team
of the Btsbee high school played Bat
tery B. Eleventh Field artillery, to a
tie of 19 to 19. But a few more min
utes of play would have undoubtedly
resulted in a victory for the local
school boys.
Battery B had all the best of the
arguments for tbe first three sessions,
scoring three touchdowns by various
tactics. In the last quarter the B. II.
S. intercepted a forward pass and got
into action. Three touchdowns fol
lowedin rapid succession. Each team
kicked but one goal.
Yesterday's contest proves the
obligation of men subject to selection.
The first' draft must stand unaffected
by the provisions "of the new regula
tions. They can be given no retroac
tive affect.
"The time has come for a more per
fect organization of our man power.
The selective principle must be car
ried to its logical conclusion. We
must make a complete inventory of
the qualifications of all registrants,
to determine, as to each man not al
ready to each man not already select
ed for duty with the colors, the place
in the military, industrial or agricul
tural ranks of the nation In which his
experience and training can best b?
worth of Bisbee's team, and when j made to serve the common good. This
the eleven meets Tucson high school j project involves an inquiry by the se-
next Saturday the local fans may con
fidently expect a victory over the visitors.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
lective boards Into the domestic. In
dustrial and education qualifications
of nearly ten million men.
"Members of these boards have ren
dered a conspicuous service. The
work was done without regard to per-
tion as will be useful in classifying
registrants. I urge men of the legV
profession to offer themselves as as
sociate members of the legal advisory
boards to be provided in each com
munity for the purpose of advising
registrants of their rights and obliga
tions, and of assisting them in the
preparation of their answers to the
questions which all men subject
the draft are required to submit.
"I ask the doctors of the country
to identify themselves with the medi
cal advisory boards, which are to he
constituted in the various districts
throughout the United States for the
purpose of making a systematic phys
ical examination of the registrants.
"It is important "tlso that police of
ficials of every grade and class should
be informed of their duty under the
selective service law and regulations,
to search for persons who do net re
spond promptly an dto serve the sum
mons of local and district hoards.
Newspapers Help.
"Newspapers can be of very great
assistance in giving wide publicity
to the requirements of the law and
regulations and to the numbers and
names of those who are called to pre
sent themselves to their local boards
from day to day.
"Finally, I ask that during the time
hereafter to be specified as marking
the 60-day period of the classifica
tion, all citizens give attention to the
task in hand, in order that the pro- barT poplars.
cess may proceed to a conclusion with
swiftness and yet with even .and con
siderate justice to all."
Supplementing the president's tall
to the nation Provost Marshal Gen
eral Crowder issued the following
statement:
The Questionnaire.
"The questionnaire which is the ba
sis of the new system is a collection
of questions bringing out the essen
tial facts upon which all classifica
tions are made. It is tbe only printed
for mwhich any' registrant needs to
use, either In making claims or filing
proof. At first sight it may seem a
little formidable, but a reading of the
questions shows that they are simple
enough for any person who can read
and write understanding to answer.
"The president's message lines up
the whole legal profession of the Unit
ed States as assistants of the selec
tive service system and as impartial
advisers to registrants in filling out
their questionnaires. Under the new
regulations a place is to be provided
convenient to every local board where
registrants may go for free advice and
assistance in making out this docu
ment. The county judge or other ju
dicial officer of similar court is placed
at the head of a committee of lawyers
in each vicinity and this committee is
charged with the duty of seeing that
there are always plenty of lawyers
and other volunteers present to help
registrants in filling out the question
naires. The System
"Questionnaires are to be mailed by
the local board to five per cent of the
registrants each day. The principal
work of the legal advisory board will
thus be over in 20 days, by which
every man has seven days In which
to return his questionnaire fully made
out. The process of classification will
begin about December 15th. Eight 1
days later the boards will begin the I
great process of classification, which
becomes, in the words of the presi
dent, 'a national war undertaking of
such significance as to challenge the j
attention and compel the assistance
of every American. '
"Not since the war began has such
an opportunity been offered for prac- j
tically every person to take an ae
tive and vigorous part in so important !
a war measure as this raising of our
armies. The president's foreword of-1
fers this opportunity. It gives a de- j
finite place for the doctors to work !
in making the physical examination, j
For the first time It assigns every j
lawyer to active duty in building up
the national army. In the legal ad- j
visory boards it gives everyone who
responds to the president's call a
place In the ranks of the army behind i
the army.
"The nation already has a remarka-j
ble record of efficiency In adjusting
its political machinery to the regis
tration of ten million men within IS
days after the enactment of the law
authorizing registration. It is now;
proposed to better this record by clas
sifylng ten million men in a period of
60 days." I
With the consent of County Attor
ney John P. Ross, who did not think
the evidence asainst the defendant
was strong enough tJ warrant holding
him for trial in the superior court, the
charge of murder against Lee Robert
son, a, young chaulTeur accused of
killing Private D. E. Chaqnette of the
Tenth Field artillery in an altercation
near the intersection of F avenue and
the international" line Thursday night t
in Douglas, was dismissed by Justice
Dunlap Friday afternoon. This actfjn
followed a coroner's inquest in which
the verdict of the jury was that Cha
quette had been killed by Robertson.
ters. The discussion will be so final
in character that it will in all likeli
hood be attended by the report
funds for the subscription list that
have been voluntarily tendered in ad-'
vance. At Douglas they believe that;
they will raise the sura apportioned
them in one day. It may be that Bis
bee workers will find tomorrow night :
that they can equal, and maybe beat,'
the Douglas speed record.
Concerning the value the money sub- Mascot Company
3 V. 1 1 ucu IW LI lUIR Will tan IU me
".MINING ACTIVITY IN
DOS CABEZAS SECTION
IS IMPROVING
confidence in every department Is be
ing expressed. Every one seems to
feel that the past troubles - and- dis
couragements of the Mascot are thing
of the post.
The well on tbe townsite has been
subjected to numerous tests and it is
found that the water in It can be low
ered only a foot or so under the most
revere and continuous pumping. The
water is soft and pure and similar to
water discharged by pure mountain
springs.
Mining operations are also bein?
carried on bv new concerns who have
taken advantage of tbe railroad facil
ities furnished bv the Mascot ft West
ern railroad to Mascot station, and it
is the concensus of opinion that the
Dos Cabezas mining district will in
a few years become one of the great
mining districts of Arizona. C. O. An
derson In Range News.
men at the front, there is much to be
gleaned from the letter printed here
with from "Somewhere in France." It
graphically brings things home.
"The average Y. M. C. A. worker in
France toils from 16 to 20 hours daily.
Up early, sweeping out the hut, car
rying away the empty ginger ale bot
tles, filling ink wells, scrubbing the
tables; then he must arrange the day's
program, after which he opens the
canteen, snatching such a lunch as
possible when the lunch hour arrives.
He is still presiding at the counter
while he runs the athletic sports in
the afternoon and he may have a clas
In French, history, penmanship or ar
ithmetic to conduct meanwhile. The
evening finds him with a hutful of
men to entertain and keep busy and
he has his books to balance when the
men have gone to bed.
' "His hut is up a straight, white road,
shining silver under twin rows of Lorn-
To the rear sleeps
Increases
Shipments and Installing
New Machinery. Other
Companies Are Shipping
Ore.-
Saturday morning the writer inter-!
viewed J. W. Prout, Jr., superintend-;
ent of the Mascot Mines, relative toj
the progress of the work at that'
camp. .He expressed himself as well!
satisfied and stated 'that the ware-j
house at the Consolidated tunnel was
now coniplted and that more new
equipment had arrived and had beeni
installed; that mining, both develop
ment work and ore production, were
being pushed vigorously. He stated!
thnt loot mnntli , K a mnA V. n A J I
.uuv Mini iiiuiiLii iue uuue uiu piuumcij
three thousand tons, sixty-two car
loads having been shipped, and this
production exceeds any one month in
the past history of the mine; that he!
expected- to gradually increase the
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
Jerome
and
Oatman
Stocks
JACK BUILDING
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
or seems to sleep, a tiny village, tiled production, montn Dy montn provm
or thatched, and quiet. Nothing could .ed car shortage would not interfere,
be more foreign, more un-American,, He stzted that the ore body in the
more French. Ahead, in a rield, a few j Roberts tunnel had been drifted into
steps off the road, a black bulk rises; for a distance of fifteen feet. This ore
a big building with a peaked roof. It ' body it will be remembered is sit-
is amazedly full of men men at ta
ble, writing letters, reading magazines,
playing checkers Rembrandt men,
whose faces are lighted by the yellow
flicker of candles planted on rails
uated on the 100 foot level. The ore
body on the 200 level, known as 236.
Is developing into large proportions
and rivals the great ore body known
as the Stope E. on the same level. On,
along the walls men In some sort the 300 foot level a new ore body des-
of uniform and at the far end a group
about an old soldier man who sins
with them.
"It's "Way Down Upon the Suwanee
River they are singing, this bit of
the American army and this bit of
the American Y. M. C. A. In France.
In a quiet room at the back of the V.
M. C. A. they are teaching French to
a class of American soldiers. In a
corner behind a counter another man
is serving ginger ale, crackers and
chocolates. A conspicuous sign an
nounces a track meet and a baseball
game for tomorrow. There Is another
ignated as 16 and 13 has been exposed
for a distance of 30 feet, all of which
carries good values. The famous 50
ore body on the 400 foot level shows
no signs of decrease. It is now be
ing worked on both the 300 and 400
foot levels. A winze has been sunk
in the edge of this ore body on thd
400 foot level to a depth of 50 feet
all in ore. Cross cutting on this big
ore body at the bottom of the winze
depth will commence within a few'
days. Another new ore body on the'
400 foot level, known as 62. has re-;
cently been exposed for a distance of,
AH UNUSUAL
OPPORTUNITY
FOR AN
EXPERIENCED
PIANO
SALESMAN
APPLY
C F. NELSON
1 636 California St.
Denver, Colo. -
f
I
I
I
To the Public
LAST NOTICE
The facts have all been laid before you. There has been ample
opportunity given to investigate the high standing of the officers and
directors; the amount of the production and the richness of the ore
which the Gibson Copper Mine has been shipping; the earning capa
city, -which should be increased enormously with the contemplated
improvements, and the great ore values blocked out in the mine.
Preliminary estimates show that the offering of the GIBSON
CONSOLIDATED COPPER CO., at $2 per share, will probably be
over-sold. The people who know the sensational advances made by
Magma, Old Dominion, Ray Consolidated, Inspiration and Miami, all
within twelve miles of the Gibson mine, can see similar profit possi
bilities in Gibson Consolidated.
This notice is not published to urge investors to buy, but if you
are contemplating sending an order, wire or phone your reservation
immediately and let remittance follow. Buying orders will be filled
in the order received. , Orders will be filled at $2 per share (subject
to prior sale) up to Thursday, November 1 5th, prior to active trading
on the N. Y. Curb market, where we believe much higher prices will
prevail. WIRE YOUR ORDER NOW,
LAWHON & BRADFORD
Douglas, Arizona.
1
1
J "ft"
THE BI5BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 11, 1917. '
15T-, .rjr
SEVEN
NATIONAL ARMY MEN LEARN TO "GO OVER THE TOP"
fN ' .a.-- rsrrss i r,i--5Lli ft 1 ,
: ill c&v; t-;. -r;;, J :
. e ; rSi
.- .X V
i Km
REVEEW
WILL BE SENT BY CARRIER OR MAIL
To New Subscribers
IjGoinf over the top" at national
' army cantonment. .
Conscripted men at the various,
pational army camps have reacted
hat point in their training where ,
.Lhey are learninj? to "go over the'
top." The photos show how they are ;
-doing it. .' The top photo shows the
men running up the incline with the in line, and several of them have l.,;hters down in the enemy trenches
their bayonets fixed starting for the already jumped into the enemy ;..bt ing the "enemy" with itieir bay-l(
enemy trenches. Ine centre photo t.o..c ' mil not their men. The oie.s. The enemy in this case is (
ghows the men reaching the edge of. lower photo shows Uncle Sams I ;:nd!e of branches t
, z ft V
SMASHING PROBLEM
PLAY AT CENTRAL1;
c every sense of the expression as
wrll as her teeth and feet. After this
3ght Miss Pickford's activities for the
y at the studio ceased right then
d there and those who will witness.
:1 e affair on the screen of the Eagle
:hea;re again today will easily nder
Uand why this was the case.
LEGAL NOTICES. j
j i ; NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
Ia the superior court, in the county of '
Cocjiise, state of Arizona:
Estate of Archie Dozoys, deceased. .
Notice is hereby given by the under-; The surprisinK power or tne lesson
signed, executor of the last wlU and , taught and the uu(Ievlating fairness o
tesument of Archie Dozoys. deceased. , way ,n wh,cU that egson js
M the creditors of and all persons hav-.. are t of t OQt8undin8
m cla m, .eklnst the said deceased. ,eatures oftne ,.cino ffiasterpiece",
to exhibit them with the necessary ,
vouchers wltiin four months after the , theatre
first publication of this notice to the . e
said executor at the law offices of J. D. u is cnnea ine Hand tnat Koc-Rt
Taylor,. Blsbee, Arizona, the same be- the Cradle" and shows with uaflinch
lng the place for the transaction of the inS and photographic accuracy what If you have mever seen how grace
business of said estate. In said county happened to a home In which povert) fuily wooden Dutch shoes can bt
of Cochise. ' a nd unrestrained motherhood ran wcrn you should see June Caprice as
WILLIAM 1. WILLIAMS. hand and hand. And then it reveals the little Hollander fa William Fox'c
Executor of the last will and testament ' what happened through trial and im- ' Eery Girl's bream," which opened
' of Archie Dozoys. prisonment, to the cultured and phil- at the Orpheum theatre yesterday for
f Dated Bisbee, Arizona, this 13th day anthropic wife of a physician who ini- a two day run.
of October. 1917. I parted to the poor, helpless mother But this Is only one of the many
First Publication, October 21, 1917. creiture the scientific secrets of bir:U; charming ltitle bits in this film play
" ontrol. which is the most delightfully amus-
NOTICE TO CREDITORS. Every scene in this heart-grippin;- ing picture in which the Sunshine
WOODEN SHOES CAN
BE GRACEFULLY WORN
o5 MOS.
lror
Between now and 9 o'clock on the
night of Wednesday, November 21
Will You Take Advantage of This Offer
and Help Some Boy Win Something
In The REVIEW'S
Carrier Circulation Contest?
your battery is starved. But going subscription when the boy called dur
back a step farther. 'What causes it ing the time between the first of the
to be starved? How did it come about month and last night, do not this
that the battery which is to supply time disappoint him. Although he
you with energy and to spare for may have failed to get your name
starting and lighting gets into a con-'wni,e 'he higher credit was to be had.
dition that it has not power enough : he wil1 8ti11 De iU3t aB eager increas
for either one of these things'? '' in&Y 8 he time draws nearer for
"How am vnn ninninv vonr rr? the final decision.
Robbery Motive
I (j XstlUDlfl KjillfliZ Chapin a drug, on previous occasion.
i that the capture of Dr. Chapin's slayer
1 may be effected there before morning.
' The man Is said to have furnished Dr.
(By Review Leaded Wire.)
If you are running It in the city, short
distances,
ere using
for f ranking the engine without giv
ing the generator a chance to restore
to the battery power enough to offset
this drain.
"Starving of the battery may point
This afternoon the theory was ad-
! vancei that Dr. Chapin had been mur-
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Nov. lO.-Rob- j promIge he made to hI wjfe to quit
bery was the motive for the murder of' the drug habit
Dr. Harry L. Chapin, Cleveland phy-' ,
aician, author, and world traveler. BUFFALO, N. Y
drama is full of picturesque quality as, Maid has ever appeared.
In the i superior court, In the county ol we as of Iife p0,ver and tbe tv.0. Tlle 8fory ,g ,aid ,n HoIland 8n1
Cochise, state of Arizona: scenes shown herewith have evidently ttlls of the fortunes of a lost prince
EsUte M Mary A. Engasser, deceas- m:.de tneir appea, to Artist Johnsto- and princess who were ,ivi in lhf
a , f,"c l8.nerfb3; ,vef th utn ,as possessing both these values. little town of Olenberg. as foster chil
derslgned admmistrator of the estate- Tbe , section of ,he pi(.lur, dren. lt . fied wk ex(.1Une ,
a,. J" .oeceasea, i to ne Khows Harry nelmore. as the workman Uig-ie and adventure and contains ns1 to a Khort especially if in
creditors of and all persons having . ,K . . . .riiwUm- nn m ami that tnn nn.
, . . uuououu vi onion, iikcii iu seti a love Kiory as one ever saw. 1 J
peration by inability to sleep because June outdoes herself in this play.inlnR tne nia,:n,ne sufficiently to allow
of the army of yelling Infantry that I ; Never was her smile more cheerful.," Bood Proportion of energy to be re
packed into the single sleeping room never her acting we use the term al-: turnp1 to the battery.
Manlike he blames the overcrowdinc though the charm of Miss Caprice's: "short circuits are usually found
l 1 . mi- ii. . - e - . ......... lr the w rHv rtiiralria rf (Ka haltarn'
H. Kyle Bisbee. Arizona, the same be- u llJB -lleuu'' ui " rK is isai it isn t acting, its natur ' " ' "
in' the Dlace for the transaction of the in a frenzy of rage: "If anothe- il more ingenious. , and ,f 8 ca8Ual teBt do8 not reveal
ia tne piace ior we transaction ol tne . . . thp tmnhi it ( )..... hont t h.i
iino mis laiuii.v, tc:. ioo mucn cannot De said, for Misf- " ' "
The next ten days will be busy ones
. . . . . 4ifian flttTnnr and wnnn I ra vpifr nrpriTn at v vmw. in PvttaL.
stnnnln? frenupntlv vnn i Jr me coniesanis; every one oi mem - u- r r -. -
. iTI LIi nf n,rrP-,t have to fight, and fight hard, to 1 'r"9e odr as 'ounl H downtown dent Wilson will speak at tb opening
i large amount or ucrrent . hoi iDa niirhf nniir-A H iaraH in. i ... i.
noiu nis present piace. i ne tame De cnsiuu ui mc muri rcuciuvu
claims against the said deceased, to ex
hibit them, with the necessary vouch
ers wi.liin four months after the first
publication of this notice to tbe said
administrator at the law offices of Sam
low show some splendid work in the ' night with the discovery that appi'oxi-: Labor convention her on Monday
ten days just past, but it Is going to maieiy i.wu worm oi aiamonas aua morning, it was announced today Dy
be more than equaled In the ten days ; Jewelry were taken from the victim. Samuel Gompers, president of the fed-
A package, wnicn ponce earner in eration.
the day believed had been used to lure' The men at the officers' training
the victim to the room iu the hope of ramp at Fort Niagara have been or
obtaining a narcotic, police now be- dered by Secretary Baker to act as a
lieve to have been merely a decoy. ' guard of bonor to the president and
Police tonight learned fim Chicago his party during their stay in Buffalo.
business of said estate, in said county
of Cochise.
PHILLIP ENGASSER,
Administrator of the estate of Mary A.
Enga6ser, deceased.
child comes
through.
Caprice's support. Kittens' Reichert.1 tbe sv8tem carefu".v "ne v" by a"
is
expert.
In the second eoisode. Sarah, tho that six-and-a-half-vear-nlrl wonder
drudge mother who has hfen relievpd ns swept nnrt nilwiilavm.. ov.- ' 1 'A short circuit, will drain a battery
by the doctor's heloing wife of any . Harry Hiiiiard. the lost nrin J ot '1 its Pcwer in a very few hours.
Date! Bisbee. ArUona, this 13th day 'u"ner tear or uncontrolled births, is; ine as usual. Margaret Fielding does:
of October. 1917.
First Publication, October 21, 1917.
Adv-912.
' ance of which the physician's wife price's "The Mischief Maker
Some days perhaps, in testing your
shown shouting in a hall full of other good work as June's rival in love ana1 oaTterj'' "ou nna one ce" or ,w0 ceus
mothers that she is able to impart thr- ambition. Miss Fielding will be re-.show the normaI reading, but the third
(information for the attempted utter-' membered for her work in Miss Ca-I w 8 very low reaIInK- Tnls ran
oniy De intercepted in one way. me
Dan
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT , had just been arrested by the police. , Mason and Marcia Harris give a won-
k)f Cochise county. State of Arizona, j , ieiful purformanc as charter players.
"Notice of Hearing Petition in the nU ninlrnnn in ! "Ever" GirI'B Dream" was produced
matter of the estate of Ellen Maston, MARY PIliK r lIRri l , under the direction of Harry Millarde.
deceased. immiii iuiii wiiu w
Ntoioe is hereby given that Elwyn
A.' Watkins has filed In this court a:
certain idocumenl purporting to be the
last will and testament of Ellen Mas-
ton, together with his petition praying
NEW WONDER GIRL
"A Poor Little Rich Girl" flincioscs
entire battery is in poor condition.
The fact that two ceils show a higher
reading than the third 4s merely ac
cidental. Tbe fart at the bottom of
dew to the Fox organization. He is lre nole ln,ng 18 ln,s' 1,,e "leasure
ito he coinnliiin.i.te.,1 on M pv, h. i of WW In the discharge g,il is
to- come.
Standing of Contestants
Hubert Detloff 137.375
Frank Lindsey 70,000
Maurice RugraS 61.000
Richard Sharpe 52.125
Kenneth Mort 37.8C5
Herbert Perry . . 27.500
Abe Milburn 26.375
Earl Hicks '. ... 22.875
Bud Hascal 18,250
. Gordon Wallace 17.875
Eugene Gallagher 14.125
Richard Ojeda 10.750
Maurice Kelly 10.000
William Riley 8.750
Walter Steele 7.000
William Brookinge 2.000
HVl' t'KAGJST LEADERS WILL NOT
WORRY WILSON AGAIN FOR A WHILE
work.
inai saia aocumemoe admitted to rro-.Mv,.,, p,,.vff,ra , ,j
bate in this cours as the last will and w , . : .c j t.
,a cti . . ' though of typiral Pickford charm, pre-
testament of said Ellen Maston, who. , . . ,
said petitioners alleges, is deceased !? ? , Z"" r iT"'
and thai letters tesUnientary laaue l'c,"l'"Itel, dLfferent fro
thereon to said petitioner, and thatl'" "flr,h Bhe ha18 A h:re,,0'ore-
same will be heard on Saturday tteiTT; Wh .beari,f M"7
24th dav nf Novembpr. A Ti 1017
10 o'clock in the forenoon of said day .Cat when H comse 1o f,S!"g? Yet thili
t th ,.mirt ronm nf uu,i mrt i ,hD ' ' J"t what proves to be the case iu
Little Mary's" new film when a gang
SYMPTOMS OF BATTERY
TROUBLES DESCRIBED
at the court room of said court, in the
exurt house, in the city of Tombstone,
C'.unty of Cochise, State of Arizona,
and all persons Interested in said es-
of street urchins ft tack her itt her
iatial home.
her pa
; !l it f
Mr. Rogers or the Willard service
station says, "When you go out to
your garage in the morning and find
hift for some reason or other your
starter won't work, it gives you a lot
. ;..r.. ... : i .
a.j.,i caiiaiaunuii io Know exactly what
the iroiible is, although you uiav not
i j De able
very probably the measure of euergy
of the whole battery. In such a case'
the battery should be recharged at
once at the battery Service Station."
ROD M'DONALD TO
PRACTICE LAW IN
WARREN DISTRICT
CARRIERS' CONTEST
PROGRESSES TO END
The 'Review Carriers' Contest is en
tering Its last lap. with all contestants
going strong. Many subscribers are in
sight, and although disappointment is
full by some of the boys that they
were unable to get those who are go
ing to subscribe to do so while Hi
higher schedule wta in effect, they
are nevertheless determined to "bring
those in. And they realize that mat
ters are i.Ot all se:tled by any means.
. '.I 1 ha -lh a trm..... ..I r .
nn iflnrt thnri n,i ti.or in ine 'uxurious conservatory, ,iui;" "" .""u i rciueuy u.
pear and show ciHise, if any they have. ji,s ny P"n(l all(1 Sigatilic palms she "'f the trouble is in the buttery, cer
why the prayer of said petitioner; ba,,l,s ilh half dozen sturdy tain definite symptoms will denote it.
should not be granted. ! youngsters and finally sets then !' "'f And that your battery has
.- J. E. JAMES, Clerk, j'ou'e at the cost of much expensive not energy enough to turn over the
C. L. Allen. Demltv ('U;rk 'furnishings as well as her own im-! starting motor, the first thing you do
Dated November 6th, 1917. Adv.-132 ! maculate appearance. Bespattered j naturally is to test it with your hydro-1 All have a fighting chance; there will
. ! from head to foot with mud from the,"e,'r- Nine itme out of ten you will! be no reKtlng on the oars between
When the alleged f. W. W. rioters ; erstwhile lily pond and severely , '"'d that the trouble Is starving. The! now and the close of the contest.
at Globe took a change of vnue toisctatched she stauds triumphant as( hydrometer will infnl'ihly uncover fits; The night of Wednesday, Novcmhei j lent race for the position. His advent j
Graham they seem to have "Jumped the remains of the gang are set to .condition for instead of reglstet i.ig! 21. will ei.il the coniest Ten days In j here in the practice of law will be
from the frying pan into the fire " flight. The urchins used in these! !- 100. as it would il the batih'' h practically every house in the welcomed by his many friends.
I uree oi more man a uozen ueienj- scenes were instructed to give reaij1' v t-nr tuu i.diKu, u mm jegis i "-si i iti uicu uoct inn i-ccie 'ur
ants have been tried and all have been' battle and in tightiuj? them oO the.ter Im.1ow 12i0. j Review mil be vUitcd. S if fo'r any j REVIEW WANT ADS
convicted. -popular little star had htr Lauds lull i "AlriiLt. You've dUcoered ttdt reaou jou were u' t ready itU your i BRING RESULTS.
Rod McDonald, one of the best
known of the later esidents of Bisbee.
! and who successfully passed the state
bar examinations last week, will enter!
the general practice of law In the city
within the next few weeks.
McDonald is not new to the practice
of law. He graduated front the
Northern lndiuua law school in 1902.1
He practiced law in Wisconsin and!
Miunesota and served for two ears
asa municipal judge in a town in the
latter state. He has practiced in two I
other states, but has not beeu eu- j
gaged in his profession in Arizona. j
Since coming to Bisbee. McDonald .
has made a host of friends for him-J
self. At the last general election he;
was the democratic candidate for Jus-'
the of the peace and made an excel-!
m
?7
..jr.
S&f- 'A
In their prison garb. Left to right: Mr. Doria Stevens. Mr. J. A. H. Hop
kin and Mrs. John Winter Bran nan.
Suflfraget leaders who picketed the Whit House and carried l annr
encourac-ine sedition will not worry President Wilson again for while
They have been put in jail at Occoquitn, Va. Three of the more prominent
I of these suffrajreta are here shown in prison rarb. Miss Steven w or-
panization secretary of all branches of the National Woman rary
"Jr. Hopkins is the pi tya New J tfcy Ulo chairman, and Mrs. LraniMU.
ii a da-jzhtftr oJf Charles A. f"'-, fiaou editor of tte old New Yot'& Su-. EIGHT
THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 11, 1917.
I CE
I
NTRAL
TH.
Today and Tomorrow Two Days
I i
Starting 1 O'clock, Continuous to 1 1 ; .
P I'i m
Al
El w
Today and Tomorrow Two Days
LOIS WEBER and PHILLIPS SMALLEY
In Their Tremendous Dramatic Production the Most Powerful Birth Control Play Ever Conceived
HP
The Hand
1 TTh a
I nat ick
A PLAY THAT WILL ROCK THE WORLD
A Wonderful Seven-Act Drama A Picture Every Man and Woman, Every Young Man and Woman Should See. A Gripping Production
of Intense Power and Truthfulness.
MUSIC BY ORCHESTRA
ADMISSION, CHILDREN 15c, ADULTS 25c
IM LEFT FOR RANCH
II Tom Whitehead, who had been In
"'the citv fcr the past few days, re-
El turned to his home at .he mouih of
jltucker canyon in the Swisshelms last
iftwiiTTiTiinrrriTiyrir-Tiiii n IinTrrrllnlnTYfrTfrTTniT'
IEAGL
E THEi
r
THE HOUSE OF COMFORT.
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
THE WORLD'S GREATEST FILM STAR IN THE WORLD'S BEST KNOWN STORY OF CHILDHOOD.
MARY PICK
FO
3
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
f the Society Editor, Phone 39.
ARE IN WILLCOX
Mrs. Ned Critchley and children
are In Wiileox for a few weeks on a
visit to Mrs. Critchley's sister, Mrs. E.
C. Curaniings. ,
IN
A POOR LITTLE
mru r.roi
IS IN LOS ANGELES.
Mrs. J. ('. Cowan is in Los Angeles
1 1 where the will spend a few weeks on
.a visit to relatives and friends.
From the Play by Eleanor Gates. Directed by Maurice Tourneur. This is the Long-A waited Photoplay That a
Hundred Million Parents Will Take Their Children to See Mary Pickford's Greatest Achievement
FOR STATE FAIR.
Frank Harris left this morning for
Phoenix, ..where he will spend the
week taking in the State Fair ..
ADMISSION 15c AND 25c
ADMISSION 15c AND 25c
ritrarnHrf m in in mn ii mi iii ii urn n m mil
I LEFT FOR DENVER.
I A. F. Sieg and wife left this morn
ing on the Golden State Limited for
I Denver, Colo., where they will remain
1 for some time.
lORPIiEUlV
TONIGHT
l TIIEAT
Starting at 6:15
Dr. Playfatr, Osteopath, 98 Mastn
Hill. Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647.
dv. 231
TONIGHT
WILLIAM FOX PRESENTS JUNE CAPRICE IN
H WILLIAM hUA FKhSLINlii JUINfc. UAFKiLfc. IN
8 - A Fox Wonderplay in Six Acts. A Picturesque Romance of Old Holland. jg
I PATHE NEWS No. 87, SHOWING CURRENT EVENTS 0
ORIGINAL BISBEE-TOMBSTONE
Stage Line.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
J ai!y at 7 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co.. Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. Night tele
phone, Green 368. S7S
, (Advertisement;
BROKE LEG
Thomas Keogan had the misfor:une
to break his right leg Friday evening
while working at the Junction . .ine.
He was taken to the C. & A. hospital.
CONTRIBUTED TO CITY
Officer Tom Mooney arrested A. P.
Cress;,- yesterday for driving on the
wrong si'de of the traffic post He
pleaded guilty before Acting Police
Judge High and was fined $5. which
he paid.'
WAS IN DOUGLAS
Jack Lyons and J. Bender of the
Lowell bank were in Douglas la3t
evening, and when seen on the street
there were headed for one of the
cabari'ts.
WAS IN DOUGLAS
rtussett Watkins was in Douglas
yesterday, where he was called on a
shtrt business mission. He drove
down in the morning and returned
la.e last evening.
MISS WARTENBERG VISITS.
Miss Julia Wartenberg. of Los An
geles, has arrived in Bisbee and is
visiting Miss Myrtle Arbom, at the
latter's home. Miss Wartenberg is
here on business connected with the
estate of the late Matt Wartenberg.
She has many friends in the city.
ON SHORT VISIT.
Joseph Muhelm is spending a few
days here on a visit to his family
from his ranch at Winterhaven, near
Yuma. He reports that section of the
country as being prosperous at the
present time.
UP FROM DOUGLAS.
Miss M. O'Neill, of Douglas, who U
employed in the Western Union tele
graph office at that place, came up
from there las,t evening and will re
main until Monday on a visit to relatives.
TO ATTEND MEETING
Professor Philbrook left yesterday
in his car to take in the state fair
and at the same time to a: tend a
meeting of the state school Jaw board,
of which he is' a member. He was
accompanied by Mrs. Philbrook.
WAS IN TOMBSTONE. ,
Deputy Sheriff Tom Hargis was in
Tombstone yesterday on business con
nected with the sheriffs office. He
returned late last evening.
WENT TO TOMBSTONE.
Dr. Brown of the Copper Queen dU
pensary was in Tombstone yesterday
where he was called to act on the
lunacy commission before the superior
court in regard to the sanity of a
Mexican woman from Douglas, and
onerom Benson.
to his congregation that a short ser
vice will he conducted by the elder
at 11 a. ni.. and that he will try to
fill the pulpit for the evening service.
He has some brief statements to make
to his congregation and would be glad
tor all who can come out to attead
the morning worship.
DIED IN DOUGLAS.
Yesterday morning Walter Thomas
Epley, aged 47, passed away at the
county hospital at Douglas. He had
been ill at the .hospital for about four
weeks. Mr. Epley has been a resident
o ft ho Paradise country for a number
of years, where he was interested with
his brother, Ed Epley, in miues and
cattle. He leaves a wife. fatherand
mother, thre brother? and five sis
ters to mourn his loss. His parents
reside at Paradise. It has been an
nounced that Mr. Epley will be buried
at Rodeon and the remains will t.
taken there today on the train.
FUNERAL TODAY
The funeral services over the re
mains of the late Mrs. Roy G. Nichols,
who died in Tucson on Thursday, will
be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock
from the Hennessy undertaking par
lors. The deceased, who was 26 years
of age, is survived by her husband
and four small children. Mr. Nichols
is chief electrician at the Junction
shaft.. Mrs. Starr Williams of this
city and Mrs. Gertrude McBride of
Webb are sisters-in-law of the de
ceased, aud there are no o:her rela
tives here. The deceased, who had
been "bedridden for a year, was recent
ly taken to Tucson in hopes of bene
fiting, her health.
BISBEE WINS FIRST.
The game between the Douglas bowl
ing team and the Bisbee team was
played last night on the Bisbee alleys
of the Y. M. C. A. Bisbee won over
Douglas, beating them 233 pins, which
goes ilbwn on record, as the hardest
drubbing that any first team has ever
gotten in Arizona. The high score of
the evening was made by Gene Martyr
214 of the Bisbee team. The prin
ciple rooters for Bisbee were Dickin
son, Bourg, Fry, Wick'iam and Neeper.
They simply swamped the Douglas
rooters and closed Nelson up entirety.
V
MADAM CAGNEY
Heads your destiny. Call before
making changes or new investments.
In a ten, across from Central Theatre.
Adv-47
HAS PNEUMONIA.
I Charles Pound, proprietor of the
White House cafe on Main street, i.i
confuted to his room with an attack
of pneumonia. His condition last ev
I ening was reported as being serious
PRIVATE SANITARIUM.
Call Black .573 for terms, etc.
Advertisement-974
f '"" V
Royal - Theatre 1
-Last Chance to Witness This Marvelous Spectacle of the
GREAT WORLD WAR
The Atlantic Submarine Conflict
Showing Battles of the
World's Armies
Marvelous Night Warfare
A Total Eclipse of All
Others
Life in the First Line
Trenches
Thrills, Terrors
Sensational, Heroic
Realism
The
LYRIC
Beautiful
Continuous From 1 To 10 P. M.
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
JUNE ELVIDGE
MONTAGU LOVE
ARTHUR ASHLEY
IN
'THE GUARDIAN"
MUTUAL COMEDY.
ADMISSION
Reserved Seats : 20c
Lower Floor , ,,' 10c
Ealcony 5c
MADAM J. REA KEYS
At the St. Regis Hotel,
Room 10, Lowell, Arizona.
PHRENOLOGIST & ASTROLOCilST
The greatest living spiritually or
dained medium and crystal reader.
Without asking questions I will read
your entire life. If you dobut my abl
!ty, call and I will give you positive
evidence in your own life. 1 am not to
be compared with fortune tellers and
such like, lmpos:ors wM prey upon
the public with their unprincipled
methods. Engagement hours daily
and Sunday, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Advertisement-2i8
FROM GLEASON
Tommy Cowan and son Jack were
in the city yesterday from their home
in Gleason, where they have extensive
mining interests.
FROM DOUGLAS.
Attorneys R. N. French and S. W
White, of Douglas, were In the city
yesterday on their way to Tombstone,
where they had business before the
superior court.
Better put that flue in before it gets
cold. Call Mainland & Williams,
phone 302. Shop rear Orplieum. All
kinds 'jf sheet metal work. Adv-136
Automobile supplies and repairs, ex
clusively for Fords. Accessories the
best in all regular lines, and novelties.
Hc'jd & Bledsoe. Phone 086. Adv 138
If you need a tinner call Mainland &
Williams, Phone 302. ; Shop in rear of
Orpheum. Adv.-134
FOR THE FAIR
Mrs. Will White left last evening
for Phoenix, where she will spend the
coming week with Mrs. Jack White
and take in the state fair. She was
accompanied by her children.
ILL IN DOUGLAS.
Assistant County Attorney Bruce
Stephenson is seriously ill at his home
in Douglas with an attack of pneumon
ia. His condition was improved last
evening over what it had been the day
previous.
LEFT ON TRIP
Mayor Erickson and family left yes
terday for Phoenix, where they will
take in the state fair l'jr the next
week, and then go on to Los Angeles.
They expect to be gone about r month.
Fighting on Land Sea Air
CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE 12 TO 11 P. M.
Prices Always the Same, 10c and 15c
Complete Change of Program Tomorrow
R. R. WATCH INSPECTORS j
! Prompt repairing, careful workmar- j
I ship, courteous treatment. Lowell ;
I Jewelry Strop. Adv. 886 i
SELECT DANCE
j Every Sunday night, Pythian Castle, O.
; K. street. Invitations obtained from j
; Committee or at the door. Adv 674
There will be a meeting of the Inter- j BACK TO LOS ANGELES
national Mine Mill and Smelter union,; James Letson left last night on the
at 7 o'clock, Sunday night All mem- i Golden State Limited for Los Angeles
bers cordially invited. David Allen, after spending several days here on
Secretary. 171 ; business connected with his real es-
. j tate and mining interests.
Expert paper banger ana painter. C t
J.Brandt. Phone 456. Box 150. 580 ' FOR THE FAIR.
norrow I1!
When your tooth aches, see a den
tist When your battery is ailing, see
battery experts. Willard Service Sta
tion, LbwelL Adv.-360
Business Locals
Dr. E. R. Carpenter, Eye. Ear. Nose
and Throat. Douglas every Wednes
day. Office, Room No. 19, Megulre
Building 476
L. L. Gilruan sells the New Edison,
"the phonograph with a soul."
THE PIE SHOP.
(Opposi.e Masonic Temple.)
On Wednesdays (wheatless days)
try our corn bread and Fridays' (meat
less days) oyster patties. At any and
all times, see us for home made cooked
pastries. Adv-83
TURKEY DINNER
Sunday at English Kitchen, consisting
of chicken soup with rice, young ccle
ery, stuftcd turkey, sweet potatoes and
cranberry sauce. Your choice of Eng
lish plum pudding, brandy sauce,
mince, apple, peach pie. rice custard
pudding or ice cream and drinks.
Adv 162
Fruitman Fashionable Ladies Tailors
specializing in women's suits. Furs of
every description relined and reni'n'
eled. Phone Black 798, opposite Y. M.
C. A. Alv-76t
It will pay you to nave us check the
electrical system on your car. Ixh
man Wright, Lowell. Adv.-360
j F. S. Davenport, of the Copper Queen
THE TALK OF THE TOWN j company, accompanied by his family
Minute Wheels for Fords. Off and left yesterday for Phoenix where they
one in one minute. A woman can : will take In the State Fair. They
change them without soiling her, left by auto and will come home via
clothes. Hood & EledtAie. Phone 6S6. the Roosevelt dam and Globe.
Adv-55 i
! ENTERTAINED AT DINNER.
TURKEY DINNER ! Mrs. W. C. Cain last evening enter
Sunday at English Kitchen, consisting i tained a number of friends at dinner
of chicken soup with rice, young eel-1 at the English Kitchen. Among the
ery, stuffed turkey, sweet pota:oes and j number were Mr. and Mrs. Herbert
cranberry sauce. Your choice of Eng- i Hore, Miss Mable Williams, Mrs. T.
lish plum pudding, brandy sauce,
mince, apple, peach pie, rice custard j
pudding or ice creajn and drinks. (
Adv 162
F. Donaldson and George J. Watson,
all of Nacosari, Sonora.
LEFT FOR FAIR
The west-bound Golden State Limit
ed last night carried out quite a num
ber of Bisbee people wflo are Phoenix
bound to attend the state state fair.
Among the number were Mrs. Cullen
Cain and son. Richard Conley and
wife, Mrs. Will White and children,
Mrs. Dave Poster, Mrs. A. B. Stevens.
BACK FROM HAYDEN
Russell McFarland, who left here a
few weeks ago with his wife to go to
Hayden, has returned and will re-enter
the employment or one 'of the local
mines. His wife is visiting her pa
rents in Tombstone, Mr. and Mr3.
Sime Gallen.
GOING WEST.
The two soldiers who took the Ford
car from the Douglas road on last
Sunday night, have been traced into
Tucson. They removed the state li
cense number and placed a car in
front bearing the inscription "License
applied for." Officers in Tucson and
other points west have been notified
to lookout for them.
A RECORD
For over a week neither undertak
ing parlors had a c'jrpse in their es
tablishments until Friday, and theic
was no call for an ambulance for an
accident in any of the mines for that
length of time, which speaks well for
a district employing over 4500 men
around the mines.
WAR PICTURES HELD.
Owing to the limited capacity of
the Royal theater it was impossible
to handle the crowds wishing to see
the war pictures which were shown at
the little Main street house yesterday,
but Malinger Norcross immediately
got into communication with the ex
change at Los Angeles and arranged
to hold the pictures over another day
so those who were unable to gain
admission yesterday will not be dis
appointed as they will have an oppor
tunity to see them today, either at
the afternoon performances which
start at 12 o'clock or later in the evening.
FINED FIVE DOLLARS.
William Raney was fined $5 in Judge
High's court yesterday for speeding.
He was arested Friday afternoon by
Deputy Sheriff Howe for speeding In
the street in front of the Copper
Queen dispensary. He was driving
fast and was unable to make the
tura about, the traffic post and ran into
it. smashing the front of his machine.
HELD AS SLACKER
Jim.Morres, a Greek, was arrested
yesterday afternoon by representa
tives of the sheriff's office jn the
charge of' being a slacker. He regis
tered at Negates, but left there after
being called for examination and went
to Mexico, according to reports, and
then came into Bisbee a short time
ago. A telegram was sent to Nogaies
asking for information regarding his
case.
When you need a plumber call Main
land & Williams, Phone 302. Shop in
rear of Orphruni. Adv-135
ROCKHILL'S STAGE.
Bi.shee-Toinbslone, Leaves P.i.-bec
Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a. m., 1:30 p. m. 7
passenger cars. Careful drivers.
Phone, Bisbee 5. Adv
Lost Between Douglas and Tata
gonia, two new Kelly Springfield Non-j
Skid tires with tubes; 2 Firestone! Lowell Camp No. 46. W. O. W, will
riiiis; rear light: tire rack and auto-! give a Thanksth ing dance, Thursday,
niohile number. Liberal reward for re-! November 29, at Brophy hall. Go'od
turn of same. Joe Klie, Douglas, music, and everybody invited.
Ariz. Adv 150 Adv 176
WAS INJURED
F. O. Frost was taken to the Copper
Queen hospital yesterday morning suf
fering from an injury sustained "vhil'j
working on Sacramento HilL He is
the powder man in charge of too
blasting and broke one of the small
bones jf his ankle. He is the first
man to be injured in the employ -f
the company for over a week tiiat an
ambulance had to be called for.
RAILROAD OFFICIALS HERE.
When a special 'train pulled in on
the side track that was occupied by
the commission when they were here,
yesterday a number of curious per
sons reported it around the streets
that the commission had returned. b:t
such was not the case. It was a spe
cial train bearing T. J. Schumacher,
president of the E. P. & S. W., and
Vice President and General Manager
G. F. Hawkes. The latter haa just
been appointed to the position as vice
president of the road. The officials
were making an inspection trip and
after remaining here about two hour's
left for Tucson. The special consisted
of three cars and was in charge of
Conductor Ben Blum, assisted by
Bxakeman James Powers. Powers did
not like to come out on the run be
cause there had just arrived a new
son at his home in Douglas on Wed
nesday. CINCINNATI. Nov. 10. August
Herrman was re-elected president of
the Cincinnati National league base
ball club at the annual meeting of the
stockhtdders of the club today. ' The
annual report showed the club had a
prosperous year, but announcement
was made that there would be no dividend.
POLE WIXS FAME
IX AIR FIGHTING
t '
' 1 J
; f
w A
fir ... r -Mini i, Mm J
' :
REV. DEATHERAGE ILL.
Rev. W. S. Deatherage returned from
Deming a few days ago and has bean
confined to his home the greater part
of the week. He wishes to announce
Lieut. Bonecki.
Lieut. Bonsecki is one of the new
"aces" in the French aviation corpa.'
He is one of the many Polish volun
teers now fighting with the allies. iwtt mmm H
I MINING $
SECTION I
I SOCIETY I
I SECTION
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL.20. No. 134.
THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 11, 1917.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
V
Hope Held Out For
Normal Production
of Copper Very Soon
Labor Troubles in the State, Being Large Out of the Way,
Production in the Various Camps Should Pick Up At Once.
Draft Has Cut Big Holes in the Operating Forces of Every
Mining Company in the State That Are Hard to Fill.
WAli EXPERTS FORESEE GERMAN RETREAT OX WEST FROXT
With labor troubles adjusted and the feeling of firm ground underfoot in
all of the state's mining districts, November will witness a wide sweep of
the pendulum back toward normal production of copper.
The first month of the new year Is now counted upon to see the condi
tions of last March restored, when every district in the state was headed to
ward a period of record production, witli maximum results being attained and
a larger degree of activity and general prosperity in hand than previously
known.
Between now and the first of the year the upbuilding of forces and the
restoration of disturbed plants to normal conditions of repair and efficiency
will fully occupy the Clifton-Morencl district, and will give the ClobeMiami
district plenty to consider.
Situation Serious. t
How much trouble these districts and others in tho state which have suf
fered from pro-German activities in the labor field are going to have in re
cruiting full forces, remains to be seen. Reopening of Clifton-Morencl and
calling off of the strike at Globe-Miami has resulted thus far in many men
returning from others in which they were temporarily, but their number does
not replace the shortage brought on by the draft and by the leaving of many
men for distant points from which they will not return. Wittidrawal ot jthe O.t0"ber erruiar emanating from'
the men who have returned has not, so far as reported, disturbed the equili-jthe National City Bank of New Yo:k
brium of operating forces in those Arizona camps in which they were tempor predicts prosperity throughout the
- . . . coming year on account of the enor-
anly. but that is also a factor that requ.res cons deration, mously increased purchasing powr
January Price. possessed by the atrrirvituri! pop'.ila-
" The announcement of the government on January 1 as to whether there tion. The farm-values o: all foods
will be change in the metal price or whether the mines will go along on the this season, according to the forecast
I
v v 'iuro
. 'VT: Cr trf ' rv-i s-b
I row. Vjl!-if:
, . . g.-,..-...C:f, -
mm
I COUNTY
NINES CONTINUE
VORK I WINTER
I Cold and Approaching Snow
Do Not Threaten to Lesseii
Work Contemplated in Big
! North Mineral Section.
TRAMWAY SOON
TO BE INSTALLED
AT COUNTY SEAT
PRESC OTT, Ariz.. Nov.10. The ap
proach c wintpr in this section u.s-
ually nieans a slackening up of m:n-
I ing activity, but tiiis year all rules
First Carload of Trams Arrive.
Construction Will Save
Haulage Between the Mine
and Mill of Company.
TOMBSTONE. Nov. 10. T'-e Erst
carload of a puriion of the atrial
tramway which is to be instEiied from
the Oregon shaft to the mill of th
I Iiunkor Hill Mi
seem to be reversed and the iadustry ri...H . J.itl r ,
I , , . , ... . '"d and n fcejn? ur.lrsi led near the
l is showing sin;-. of more life than
when the season is propitious
'Solid black shows present territory occupieJ by allies: trrows indicate French attack on the Aisne and British
offensive about YpreS; black lines shows next German position.
In reviewing the progress of the war. Secretary EuUr recently declared his belief that the German could
'not hold out much longer on their present Hnes in Fram e. This idea i.s shared by many military experts, who
:point out that the Germans must retire to a new line this fall, if the weather permits continued allied opera
tions; and at the least not later than next spring.
basis of the preceding four montns is anotner ractor mat win nave consia- reacn tj,e extraordinary total,
erab'.e part in 191S operations. Assured that the price of metal will not be round figures of 21 billions. This
APPLICANTS IN
mm work
AEE INCREASING
m GRAB
GIVEN B
ING !S
LOW BY
COURT
More Men Are Applying For Judge O'Connor in Santa Cruz
Work in Warren District : County Decides That Stolen
Than at Any Time Since
Last Winter's Season.
Ore Belongs to Rightful
Owners On This Side of the
Line.
in
i-,
' c t i s- u
put lower by the government in January and that wages will consequently Per cenl ln exle!,s 01 U,B
other hand, products from the farm
remain where they have been fixed in Arizona, miners In many parts of the for ,j,is vppr gn(j 191g colbiueu are
country where wages are not as hifeh. and climatic conditions during winter considerably btlow the output for the
and spring much more severe, will make it a point to come to Arizona in preceding biennial period. The short-
. -age is clearly due to the same inabil-
numhers. i,ty to obtain lf!bor that has trtai!ej;
Meantime the mining districts are in line for all the encouragement that the production of nielals. Therefore
can be possibly extended them by other interests in Arizona, for it is the "e outlcok for next season is viewed'
... , A ... , . ... willi alarm by many economists: It!
lime 01 year wnen tax payments come uue anu uie uix payers 01 me s.hi-j ,, , :,,.,., in tl.o riUiri.-t mrinir the
outside the mining districts cannot help but look upon the mines as the most increase in the manufacturing popula-j week than at any time since ihe early t)ne ot ,n ,nost imponant aecis-
vital need of the hour, for they are paying 57 per cent or the taxes of the slate . tion has been observed for decodes.: Part of last wiuUr. In consequence iens that has been rendered in this
, ... ... . . . . ,. . and that this movement hns been enor-i tn' mines have all made gawis of 6e- Ptatp for mining men, was handed by
under this year's valuation and the most obtuse tax payer must realize that nl 1,1,8 """r"1 '"t"t'1" 1 to .hoi.- workini: forces
.mously accelerated since the outbreak; firaole iiiuurs to uicii workini, 10,1 ls-;jujRe O'Connor, of Nogales. recently,
it is highly desirable to his own pocketbook that the mines have every op-loI hostilities in Vurnne Tnp a tii-mi It wnuld be en'.ir to presume, how- ,,...,.
nosulules 111 t-urope. i or a in "' fri,,- lien he decided that the SS.il'iO worth
portunity that can be afforded them to operate at full capacity and make the mines did not suffer, and Before !eNei- tllat Jl1 11 pn UI 'M 'lr'"" . , .. . . , .
. . , . the w-,rit -ith int, rPi fh- f applicants for employment are be- of Tungsten ore, which had been re
the earnings which will keep them paying the bulk of the state's running ; l,he t w noted ith inUrert th t ,
lamifprooucis nau aavancea preauy . " -- j 1
Applicants for .rk were more.
expenses. jn pTcet while the metal market
As compared with the 57 per cent of Uic taxes paid by the mines, the j mained nearlv stationary. Now
the
! nuniLer have been some who were
among the contingent of I. W. V. in
festing tiie camp prior :o the strike
gales end Eoyla and Pickett of Doug
las, attorneys for the N. A. Hart in-
railroads pay 13.80 per cent; lands and improvements, 7.60 per cent; livestock, ' niinPS are beginning to feel the rhort-j . t u)n T,.ose nlt.n are llot terests. was the property of Mr. Hart
5.40 per cent. All other taxable property makes up the balance, amounting djrect ;b, f pronpKanla. Cn"" e:,1Plu-v,lnt-.
to 16.20 per cent
The Antics ot Silver.
Following the steady decline In the price of Bilver which brought the quo-
and his as-sociates, of whom J. S.
The agreement with the president's Douglas of Douglas is one. The ore
r-nnmiipn ii-n tpl tii. rinmanifs in fiuestion was renlevined from Wells
u.a. vauC!. ...r. o . .Vj,, he Warren district in no respect Fargo & company, who accepted It
,as to 1:0 discrimination between from ore dealers of Nogales for ship-
Ibut part of it also has come from n?.t-j
fac'ure the supplies needed on so
as to no discrimination between union ment.
prevailing in the market as a result of the war.
Ihuge a scale for maintaining our al-
.At .1 ... O i- fHnn. V, .AAAKi1.li.Aatr1n. Will f 1 1 H C 1 ' an aD(QK I,- . .... . .
"""" " ' """"" j,,es D-'Jonu ic ar.-i lor equippins ; uinon an(, Ilon.union nlen. The no Systematic stealing of high grade
lished in September, there has been recently a sudden upturn in the market jour own army and navy, has called , ,ijsc.;ni;i,aUon mie has alwavs pre- Tuncsten from the I .a Cruz mine, of
featured by a sharp advance of practically 6c In 24 hours. So far as known, j !"to. exis,em'e a manufacturing cop:c-; vaile(J jn thjs ni.;trict. and so this ! Sonora. has been going on for the
.v ,..!.. t . : i v , , . . i i-ty m excess or Rnyni'ng nitnrrto wit-irl .lK fn the areer.lell provides ' past two years, and all attempts to
IhAM its wr ftofollal fAF Ihlo narrAimonnA In a cintrln hilcinaaa lav in tha n-liiia I . . . . . . . i J
,D ''"" " " - nessea in mis cour.iry. ana ano-.-enier notllins ncw. ,iotwt the tuief or fj recover any of
history of silver fluctuations. Coming on the heels of the long upward swing j out of proportion to the quantity of, Tie asreem.-nt does not rei'jnize the ore have been of no avail till the
and the rapid decline, it is a striking demonstration of the upset conditions i raw n:ateria,s t!;suin" from 'lr inini ' .nt a strike existed in this district in settlement of the case before Judge
buu larms. ibis is an economic in'u- June of July, or at ai.y otlier lima tnis O'Connor.
lem of magnitude that must be con- year, and consequently its terms have' u was maintained by the local at-
When silver was rising at a pace which carried the price to heights un-!sidered and dealt with wise'y or v.e il0 bearing- whaxver in connection ;0rneys at the hearing that the Tung
attained In upward of a quarter of a century, market authorities feared that j 8na" be Plad under a str ji;i th;-t witli the employmei.t of men wiio may slen was the property of N. A. Hart
. . . . . . , . , . . . . . . may in the end weaken our resistance, have gone out in June or Juiy. ; and his associates, who own and oper-
the nead-iong aavance could not be maintained. Hut tney were not prepared j From
Arizona cc.mes news that 'ha At the recent rde of increase in the atP the Ia Cruz mine. It was argued
for the rapidity of the downward movement when it set In. Above one dollar , special conciliators representing the employment of ne-v miners from out-1 the ore had been stolen from the mine,
an ounce, the price of silver was beyond the gold equivalent in Chinese ex-'PrcsIdent nve sensed te a'lherei.ro side points, the W arren dis riot mines ! carried away in small quantities and
;or the mine op?ratnrs to sn auree- will soon he in trie position ot turning soi,j jo tli ore dealers who were ship
ment recognizing the principle of the away applicants in oilier words, full-. pjnir t to the refineries,
grievance committees, andrsti'.blishe- handed. is reported from ot her in in- The, dealer who was shipping the
ing a central employment tuireiui in ing dit.lri. ts of the state that they are i oro riaiIllPa t be a hrokeV and- that
: order to facilitate the niannins of the m like cuse. .l n have been coming 'ie w:ls i,andling the ore for a mnn
imines. This is hoie-l to rid in hold- in i.ea.ily upMn them and needs are ' who mart,. recular trios down into the
account The downward trend continued without interruption until the offi-jjnR laborers by miking it cheaper and rapidly tilling. In tonic- ilepar.ment.s S()Ufn(.rn p.irt of Mexico and brought
cial New York price reached 82c. The last big drop In silver was in the' easier to find work. It will be inter-1 all "t the camps are now providcj up oros ln any q,mutjty ue 8tnted he
Vstinir tn m'p wltn'lier ihis iit'eieiit to 'With full complements ol men. l lie
dimmer of 1916. when the price dropped 17 3-8c from 77 3-8 to 60c. jo Z VcaTjy !.f wirkers It influx is attnb,,ah.e to mig.ation
Market authorities are making an effort to gauge the possibilities of per-ltne irtlivuliial properties will imp an from the colder countries to the mild
nianent "dollar silver" after the war and many hold the belief that such an ' influence on the district as a whole by winter of Arizoi.a.
... .. . . ... . .... nttrtin., .1 ir,-..r ,ntnh0- of t..ii The class of men going on ill Wur-
eventuallty is entirety possible, uoid has been withdrawn irom circulation " " "
The outcome may throw liitit on the
in Europe and will probably remain withdrawn during the financial adjust-1 ,)OSSjbinty cf stemming the tide of la
ment at the close of hostilities. Meanwhile the continental countries havqjbor now pouring into niant!f;i-ti:rine
been flooded with paper currency and even the British government has de-1 operations to the detriment of our fun
.... ... . idamcntal producing power. Without
parted from its traditional custom of leavmg the currency issuing function j,.on(,ilerinK problPII)S of imi11R(riai
to the Bank of England a private corporation and has put out paper in management involved in the settle
pound and ten shilling denominations. mpnt of the strike at the Arizona
, , , ... . mines the precedent establlshel for
It will be necessary to place this paper on some sort of a metallic basis .. . . , , . ,
meeting the demnis of lnbor unions
and ln the absence of gold silver will have to suffice. Moreover, it Is ex-, throughout the west may incidentally
pected that every effort will be made to encourage the coinage of silver to involve a wider control of the e. onom
:Ic situation.
change. This fact precipitated an avalanch of selling for Chinese account
and the quotations quickly were depressed.
Contributary factors in the decline were the prohibition of silver exports
from this country and of importations Into Itdia for other than government
mill, where work in tn h -irt,l
Al ( Immediately ou construc tion. The
I1'" J ':, , ', " n , , j tramway will cover a strevh of about
countable intljx of engineers and also I.. , .. .
L , . , ,,iree miles, and when romp ?ttl is
a large number of deal-t being mad.-. j .
1 ,. . . .. , . , ' expected to eliminate merh expense
I which is evidence conclusive that , , . . K
.. , . , , ., . , . . delay in the kau ing of ore fron
capital is seeking this form of in- . .v -,. f. . .
... , . ., the -mm to the null, which has been
I vestment in preference to any other. ... '
a. . .. .. , one cf the serious setbacks of the op-
1 wo deals of considerable magnitude, ... , .. ... .
, , . , . . , , , eration of the mil for some time
were closed recently, both for gold!,,, , , ,
I ' .v T, i that of an inadequate ore supuly The
groups, in the Groom (reek section !. "v. uw
'about eight miles from Prescott. These t?''T ffm 8aothPr "roper,)r
I properties are contiguous, but one has!f ,ne 1 hel?s DodRe rporation.
j net been developed, the Yellow Jacket, j Leasers Make Money
except for the necessary assessment Leasers in the Bunker Hill mines
work. The surface indications, how-iare making big money in taking out
ever, are most promising. The other,' n'Rh fcrade silver-lead ores. The corn
known a the -Emporia" group hasPanv ltse,f 's concentrating on man
had considerable work performed on anese. of which it is shipping 2e0
lit, there being two shafts of 200 feet!tcns of high grade a month to the
in depth, a mill and other improve ,east and sending 100 carloads of t?il
ments on the property. In early days;inRs to the Copper Queen at Douglas
when Groom Creek was a camp of for silver recovery. No efTort has been
some pretensions, considerable free . made to get bolow water level nor
milling ore was taken from the group, does it appear that there are any plans
commencing at the grass roots. The 'for such action.
ore depth lost its free milling proper-1 The old tailings dump of the GranJ
ties, but the tonnage blocked out is Central mine, one of the bi Tomh
sufficlent to assure a profitable ven-jKtone producers of early days, has
ture for its new backers. Frank G. : been acquired by J. H. Hart & Co .
j Mueller, a mining engineer, represent-! and will be worked over by cyanide
j ing St. Louis capitalists, has taken ffd flotation. The old mill site is
(charge and is getting both groups in ( about a mile west of Fairbanks, on
shape for extensive operations. Mr. the brnk of the San Pedro river.
Mueller is also negotiating for other Mill Sold Too Soon
I gold groups in the same district. There , It appears that the Common wealth
j will b no stock exploitations In con-, company at Pearce was too hastv in
Jnection with either property as the selling its mill to the Eighty-Five
people back of them are looking into i Mining company for re-erection near
the future to that time when the war! I.ordsburg. .V. M. Almost accidentnlly
will be over and gold will command a, ore has been found on Commonwealth
heavy premium in all parts of the ground assaying '5 to $.V5 a ton in
world. j gold, with some percentage of otlier
Aft-?r months of exploration and the : mials. The leasers now working th
(expenditure of thousands of dollars,! property consider their discovery of
Green Monster, whose meteoric stock such permanent importame that they
career is familiar to everyone inter-! are preparing to erect a r.:)-ton mill of
ested In mining, jumping in a few . their own.
days from 75 cents a share to $".'. j M U to Handle Tungsten
has struck ore. A couple of days ago . small mill Is being built on a
the last round of shots for the day's ' tungsten property owned by C. T.
work brought in a 2-foot Jody of Hamilton in the Huachura mountains
sheared diorite carrying chalcopyrite, , close to the military reservvion line,
which assayed S.9 per cent copper, it , understood thnt laree deposits of
one and one-half ounces of silver and tungsten exist on the reserve, so a
a twentieth ounce of gold. The ore movement is cn foot asking that con
was opened in the east drift from the:pr.ss permit the working of such de
Geors tunnel on the Cherry claim. A!-,posis 83 a war ieasure.
though not yet a mine by any means, j Hilltop Sued
the indications are promising and Su-j Diii f0r an accounting and receiv
perintendent Finlayson in a report to ership was filed in the superior court
the stockholders, which will be issued thjs week by Mrs AugusU J. lloultcr
shortly, says the strike, althougn ,eainst the officers and director of
small, is the most encouraging de- t..e Hilltop Metal Mining companv of
velopment yet made and justifies all : pi10enix. Ariz. The bill sl'.ices tbnt
of the preliminary work leading ther- the conipaI1y incorpora,ed under the .
to. In consequence of the prospects ,aws of Arizona for $l'.0C0.0OO. has
of Green Monster being considerably not for a Ii(.er.s . transact
brighter for the making of a copper husioef:s )a Chicago, although the
mine, it Is expected that the efforts of rrinci,)aI offfice is bere. John o. Fife.
James Layman and Will U Clark. prPsjdeI,: peter J . Kasper .vice presi
large stockholders, to oust President ,1ent 0T)(1 trM.rer. and Arthur C.
Neil E. Railey and the rresent board Joneg wcretarv fTf. mu,ie d-fend-of
directors will be doubly renewed. ant. J.,,j, ,0 Tribae. Friday. CVto
Iloth factions are sending out letters pr jg
and requests for proxies for use at Th8 minp ,s ocsttfi -,n tn(, rh.;ri.a.
Uie annual meeting to be held in Jer- nH)ntainR
ome. Decembr 3rd. I
Internecine strife is also raging in1
!id not know who his associate bought
the ore from. The contention of the
local attorneys, that the Tungsten had
. been rtolen from the La Cruz mines.
I was substantiated by expert mineral
gists, who testified at the hearing1:
Probably no more important decis
'. ion has ever been rendered in the
i V nlted Sstates. It establishes a prece
i dent thnt will enable mine owners to
reu district appears to be excellent.
Most of ;hem carry j.'.)od references.
I'ndesirables who returned to be in
readiness to appear before the presi
dent's commission, but who in tiie
...a... ,ou,.u ii.u. i ..,..... a..i-- thp pernk.us hahi, of hfKh ra(,.
ed no dealings with them, have for the ! and u bolpvcd ,oca, mpn
most part left the dis.ct It is not I dpdsion wi pr 3
likely that any of them will care to re-: . ,,., nrt , Mnv, frm
compensate for the scarcity of of gold and the tremendous requirements thun
created for the white metal are expected to sustain the silver quotations ap- i Frank A. Scott, who last week re
preclably higher than the pre-war levels. J signed as chairman of War Industries
( Board. Is very ill from nervous pros-
'tration and has been ordered to give
Food And Metals.
main long. or. in view t lack of em
ployment, can remain.
Union men are entirely welcome in
the ilistrict and are being made to feel
so. DUturber of the I. W. W. type,
iinwi ver. or liny person give n M in
clination tc organize troiible or en
courage any laoiemeut whatsoever
that will endanger the district's repu-
un'snown parties.
A summary of the economic situation in the Uniied States appearing in up all work for an indefinite period.
'Continued on Pago Four.)
London Economist's monthly Index
of commodity prices shows Increase
for October over September of 6"
points, standing now at 5701, a new
high record. In October, 1916. the
index number was 4906. a gain in the
hist 12 months being 1105. Previous
high record as in August last, 565S.
the ranks of the stockholders of the
vanced about $3.00 a share on th
. . . . 1. . -, .:..: i . 1 ...
Jerome-Portland Copper Mining com- 'm,s' 11 l"" """
pany. and a lively time Is anticipated immediately declined to the level
at the annual meeting the fir?t Mon- a1"'1 wblch has en TesUn for
day in December. The insurgents. . past lew monms.
Although the agreement of Jerome
Verde with the United Verde Extei-
headed by Attorney J. H. Morgan, are
not onlv Irvine to deDose A. B. Frame.
tho president aid general manager. "'" for h"'-"t'ng the laser's ore
hut have supplemented these efforts through the Columbia shaft of the for
by filing suit to cancel a large block er iU Pire on the 3rJ of l
or stock held by Frame. Develop- cember. plans have been practically
ment on this property has opened an &ei "Pn for continuation of ths
ore bodv of some magnitude, carry- arrangement after that date. Jerome
ing copper values ranging from a VerJe nas already shipped a dozen or
trace to 3 per cent. Selected sam- n'ore carloads to the smelter at Hum
pies have been taken that ran as high ldt. although the extent of the
as 7 per cent and it is the expectation ore body has not been determined,
of the management that shipping will disinterested mining men are free to
be under way December 1st. ?ta,, that the outlook for the making
The annual meeting of the UniteJ of a big mine is very bright.
Verde Extension was held in Jerome
recently instead of in New York, as i. ; German uprising is in progress in
the ri'stom. Rumors of an etn southern Prazil, completely paralyiz
Christmas dividend of good sized pro- ing railway traffic. Strikes are said
portions were denied by General Man- to be spreading to other parts of Bra
ager Kingdon. who said no such ac- zil. Only strictest military measures
tion would be taken, if at all. until are making movement of any trains
next February. The stock which ad- possible. TWO
THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 11, 1917.
.
I
"The woman's battalion was drawn i to send "Thanksgiving goodies conniht
up in the square in front of the winter : ing of nuts, candy, raisins, cake, sigars,
palace." icigaiettes, chewing gum. jelly. Jam,
This sentence appeared in a recent and so cn. You are asked to co-ope-
news dispatch from Petrograd. Can j rate with Mrs. Hurst in two ways, first
you realize what it means? I have by contributing any or all o fthe good
tried to but can not I have tried to ; things I have mentioned, and second,
imagine myself there in the public by sending the name of any Warren
square in front of the great white pal- j district boy you happen to know in a
ace, one with those women in the cantonment to Mrs. F. E. Callison.
belted uniform of the Russian fcol-jwno8e telephone number is Red 522,
dier. standing in regular ranks, their i and whose postoffice address Is box
hair cut ehort, their laces tanned iSG72. Lowell. Mrs. Hurst is especially
from constant exposure to the north-; desirous that none of our boys be ne-
ern sun, their bodies toughened irom ; gected.
unusual hardships, ' their eyes set
straight ahead and their hearts daunt-1 There was a large attendance at
less with that courage that comes on-j,, dance at vlsta Park warren, last
ly with desperation. Wednesday night, which was held for
I know that their homes are Ja:u,e benefit of the Sammies' Christ
ashes and their children left to the , nia8 dlnneri by fc committee from the
care of relatives or strangers. Some VVom.8 Loyalty League,
of their husbands are wounded or dead i ,
and some may even have been among j lncuIded anl0ng the gu,t8 at the
the soldiers who mutinied and rambridge parlv by Mn E c
away, ei iuy .re uru up , Campbeli of Warren, Thursday after-
in the public, square to protect the
nocn, were Mesdames J. C. Ryan,
established government from the ' -;Claude Compton. Fred Juliff. J. Camp
principled toes of its own household. I w R Brophy. N. Ryan. V. Kee
They are standing for the Right. forjh , J(hn Treu D u gmlth p R
tneir laeais, ror ineir nonies nuu men
children. They do not ask pity or
sympathy or even chivalry from the
, i 1 1 ( t j ; au-.
wommen ana reoemous suiaiery, iiii j
Coles, Miss Helen Treu. Mrs. Crom
well, and Mrs. McGregor.
refreshments were served, and a soc
ial hour enjoyed.
Mrs. J. C. Cowan of Warren left
for a two weeks visit in Los Angeles.
last Friday night.
The Warren branch of the Arizona
Children's home at Tucson will meet
at the borne of Mrs. Alexander Mur
ray of Warren, on Wednesday, at
1:30 o'clock. There will be a nomi
nation of officers, and all members
are invited to attend.
Mrs. Cain leaves tonight for Tucson
where she w join Mr. Cain. From
there they will drive up to Phoenix
by automobile, and will visit the fair.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Cross and nephew
are here from Phoenix, visiting Mr.
and Mrs. A. P. McComas, at Lowell.
JUST A CHRISTMAS HINT.
Two women who were sitting in
front "of me at the Royal were talking
about various matters, and finally the
conversation got around to Christmas.
Said Mrs. Warren to Mrs. Tombstone
Canyon, "Oh dear, what are we going
to do about Christmas presents this
year? I used always to start my em'
Bolshevikis. who are firing on then,! M8' HBen Bk!"b,Ur1f ?, broidering and crocheting in Septem
from fortress and battleship. They I Wedne.d.y with bridge Mesdames L nj ,n tnc
are willing to do their duty at any "",an' 1Moora' ",tt "owellN mail at least two weeks before Chrisu
. vlh . nVZmr ..Jnil Wisher, Evans. Schwarti, Ruffner and
cost. What a consummate example
they set for the American woman! u son'
I
I Friends of Mrs. F. M. Beam will re-
Tne permanent mina reuer runa re- gret to hear tnat 8ne , Buffeling with
a severe illness . at their home on
Locklin avenue.
ceived a decided Increase last week,
from the second series of bridge par
ties. Those who entertained were
Mesdames E. C. Campbell, C. S.
Thompson , Ben Frankenberg, F. E.
Shine. E. E. Ellinwood, Howard Ster
ling and Walter O'Malley.
Among the women who enjoyed
The wives of the school faculty of
mas, but here I am so absolutely rush
ed for time that I have been working
on this Red Cross sweater," and she
patted the flowered knitting bag that
rested in her lap, "for five weeks, and
it isn't nearly finished yet."
She sighed quite tragically, and her
companion nodded assent "Yes," she
replied. "Even Christmas presents do
meeting at the home of Mrs. Lim
precht, whose husband is director of
manual training last Tuesday after
noon, the first having been held at
Dnage ai me nome oi jurs. r. r-! Mrs. Sa fiord's two weeks ago. Delici
Shine on Thursday, were Mesdames ious refreshments were served. Those
A. Houie, . B. uonring. J. t.. curry,
who attended the meeting were Mrs.
J. B. Potter, Mrs. Hlum. Mrs. Kopf,
Mrs. Lawrenson, and Mrs. Jackson.
Several of the members were teaching
as substitutes and were unable to bs
present.
Mrs. C. H. Heicler of Warren. Mrs.
money required for sending the win- j E Deno. and Richard Edwards left
ter clothing and shoes to the desti- J Wednesday night for Central City,
tute women and children of France and Colorado .called there by the unex
Belgium. The rummage sale has beenpected deatn of their father, John Ed
turned over to the Red Cross, who wards. Another son. John Edwards.
Cleon Knapp, G. H. Fitzgerald, M. P.
Johns, A. J. Balmforth, C. M. Lynn,
C. E. Gollwitzer, F. C. Hurst E. C. Ruff
ner and J. B. Rawlings.
The Women's Loyalty league was
successful in raising the amount of
too cnarge on rnaay. wrs. r. ..;Jr.f who went to Camp Funston with
Shine attended to the selling Friday j.he ,ast quota and wag Iater
and Mrs. Johns was in charge all dayjred to Camp Kearney Ca,jf0rnia. is
Saturday. The cakes of soap and of Ieavlng there for Central City. Col.
chocolate and the jelly have been com-j
ing in but slowly. If they are to reach ; The meetlni, at th. rommiMpB f.
the district held their second club I not count when there is war work to
be done."
"Of course," Mrs. Warren answered
plaintively, and I intend to do my
share. Why, I am even Joining that
new class in nursing, so that if Jimmie
goes to France in the spring, I can go
too, and be near him. I sew Wednes
days at the Red Cross rooms and I
am studying dietetics so as to work up
meat and wheat saving menus, have
always given little gifts that I made
myself, partly because I always enjoy
getting dainty little embroidered or
crocheted articles, and partly because
they are convenient things to mail.
"I know just what you need," smiled
Mrs. Tombstone Canyon. "Do you
know where Castle Rock is? Do you re
member the Castle Rock Studio?"
"Why, of course I remember it," Mrs.
Warren replied vaguely, "What about
it?"
"When you get a half hour R really
think about Christmas presents, go
and visit the Castle Rock Studio, and
the soldier boys by Thanksgiving it h Father,eSg children of France ! TU W,U flnd a Kreeable rPrie in
will be quite necessary for everyone I iru rZZ. rwoVlS store for ou' 1 covered it quite by
... L .' .v- nich was held at Copper Queen hotel, ..irtAt H Timmi t.. ih.
via a
j i) li
i'Ji' - fcpAp.'Viy
Y$W- CJA.lNotes
The week preceding, the regular
monthly meeting of the board of di
rectors is always full of committee
meetings, and the past week has been
no exception. Religious, social, mem
bership, extension and employment
work has made the week a busy one.
A called meeting of the board was
held Wednesday morning, in response
to a telegram from the Pacific .coast
field headquarters asking that a rep
resentative be sent to a very import-war-work
council, to be held in Los
Angeles on Friday. Mrs. C. S. Thomp
son was chosen, and left Bisbee Wed
nesday evening. She is expected to
return Sunday morning.
w . wu . u.. "-.Saturday afternoon, was exceptionally
" 7 . v : ' well attended. The chairman, Mrs.
With the coming' of the first news
cf an American casualty in France,
comes also a universal demand for
more Red Cross work. The young
women of the district, who have been
unable to help sew and knit at the
Red Cross rooms during the daytime
will be glad to hear that they have
a special invitation to come Tuesday
evenings from 7 to 9 o'clock and "do
their bit." If you are a business girl,
be glad of this opportunity.
Miss Ethel Warner and Mis3 Ber
nice Blackmoor will leave this even
ing Vrn the Golden State Limited to
visit the fair. They will visit friends
at Roosevelt and at Tucson before re
turning home.
Mrs. F. C. Hurst is chairman of the
co'iimittee that is to look, after the
comfort of the Warren district soldier
boy while he is in camp this winter,
end the first work of the committee is
W. H. Brophy reports one hundred
accident one day when Jimmie had the
car downtown, and I walked down to
meet him at the cafeteria for supper.
As I walked by the old studio, I hap-
CornsLift Off
Doesnt hurt a bit to lift any corn
or callus eff with fingers.
eight children adopted up to the pres-, pened tb noUce a gjaM caae M
ent date. Ot the $2,675 already col- course I stopped to investigate. It
lected. $2,044 has been sent to France,, had tw0 shelves, and on the lower one
os evidence of the really wonderful ; were uee lovely little tea aprons, all
work that has been done in this com
munity in the short time that Mrs. Bro
phy has had charge of the work.
That the efforts of the women otUhe
hand embroidered and edged with cro
chet just the kind of thing you like
to get for Christmas. And on the top
shelf there were tome bouroir caps.
Warren district are being appreciated ; One all in pink. jf satin ribbon puffed
is apparent from a letter which Mrs. on a pink crochet crown, and with a
Brophy received from Mrs. Edward, wide edge of pink filet was simply a
Payson Fowler, chairman of the Na-j dream, and I couldn't resist going
tional Executive committee. Mrs j right in and ordering me one like it
Fowler writes in part : j You know pink is JimmJe's favorite
"Your telegram with its happy as-: color,
surance of more care for the little j "'What other things did you see?"
children of France gives me double Mrs. Warren asked interestedly,
pleasure in the sending of this list j "Well, there were boudoir caps in
containing the names of thirty-seven i ecru crochet f knot stitch, with a lav
hildren. What a splendid showing ender rosette on the side and of drea
for Bisbee! ;ten ribbon combined with crochet in
"Perhaps the following fat in con-j colors, you know the kind people m ear
nec tio with one of the departments , so much nowadays in the automobile,
indicated on this list might be of inter-j 1 begin to describe the other
est to you. I refer to Finistere. laces, nightgown and corset cover
This extreme w estern province of, yokes, in white and colors, and in all
Brittany has been sorely tried, for the!de8'8n8 m sprays of roses to the
information was conveyed to me by
a retired French general that there is
not one young or even middle aged
man living who came from Finistere.
The families are large, and aside
from the personal loss these brave
women of France sustain, the material
need one can headily imagine must be
great."
Think what this means. Surely we
should all be very glad of the oppor
tunity to assist these innicent
victims of the war furnished by the
'o humbug! You truly
can lift V)Q every bard
corn, soft corn or corn be-1
tween the toes, as well as
hardened calluses on bot
t6m of feet without one bit
fif main
A epniMK i rim-innoti! Au,n tnos eft Saturday to
,!it,,.. f,,. u . i attend the state fair were Mr. and
an ether compound and
lovely old fashioned spider web. Then
there were guest towels embroidered
or lace edged, and all for the most
reasonable prices imaginable, and pil
low slips and dresser scarfs and even
, lace pin trays to match."
The moving picture had tAme to a
romantic end and the women arose. I
went out just behind them, and heard
Mrs. Warren say: "Well. I shall cer
tainly visit the studio, and see those
'lovely things." and Mrs. Tombstone
Canyon replied, "and the best part of
It is that you can order anything you
committee for aiding the Fatherless, bappen t0 eee , the new book
tiuiurcu oi name.
tiny bottles of this magic
fluid can njw be had at
any drug store for a few
cents.
Apply several drops of
this freezoue upon a ten-j
Mrs. Charles Philbrook. Mrs. F. B.
Bennett and Mr. Ijowel1 PhilbrooMt
Others who went to Phoenix by auto
mobile were Dr. and Mrs. W. P.
Sims, and Mr. and Mrs. Roy Sims of
Douglas.
and " but here they saw a car aud
burned to meet it.
ler. aching corn or a cal- Rev- "1 Mrs- Harshman entertain-( Dromore. a friend of Goldsmith
ius. Instantly all soreness ed the members of the official board
lisappuars and shortly youjr tne church and their wives Monday
will flnd the corn or callus 1 evening. November 5. It was the an-
GOLOSMITH LETTERS FOUND.
LONDON. Nov. 10. A collection ol
several hundred letters and papers of
Oliver Goldsmith has. just c'jme to
light in England, after having been
lost lor more than a century. The let-
j ters were collected by the Bishop of
s. soon
w shriveled and loose that ; n"al meeting, and C H. Vsll was elect-
you lift it off with the fin
gers. You feel uj pain
while applying freezone or
J
Sal I I you lift it off with the fin-lel president of the board, Owen A
Knoaues, secretary, it. r . w. Haas.
financial secretary aud Frank Brut)
afterwards. lnK- treasurer. Eighteen young men
Just think! No more. com or lal-jhave gone from the congregation to
luses to torture you and they go with-j the war. aud the board adopted a let
out causing one twinge of pain or j ter of greeting and friendship to be
sort nesti. Iscut to them, and also ordered that I the Hague, November 19, has
Ladies! Keep a tiny bottle of freez-: church paper. The California Chris- abandoned,
one ontUe dresser and never let a corn jtian Advocate, should be sent to each
or callus ache twice. j of them. After the business session j REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
after the latter' death. The trunk
containing the letters came into the
possession of the bishop's daughter,
and bad never been opened until a
few weeks at,V.
CONFERENCE ABANDONED. .
(By Review Leased Wire.)
THE HAGUE. Nov. 9. The 'Dutch
anti-war council announced that the
peace conference to have been held at
been
On Wednesday evening the bouse
girls entertained their young women
friends, as well as each other, with
a ''little girls' party." Games of child
hood days were played and dollies.
Teddy-bears and all-day suckers were
much in evidence, and the costumipg
created a continual rund of merriment
Mrs. Herrick entertained in the se
ries of parties for the permanent blind
relief fund on Thursday evening.
Twelve guests enjoyed Mrs. Herrick's
hospitality and contributed toward the
fund.
Cafeteria patrons are accepting
with loyalty Jlhe meatless and wheat
less days, and even a scrap of food
left on the plates frequently elicits a
challenge to "Hooverize" from a fel
low patron. Rye and cornbread taste
most delicious when you eat it with
the feeling that you are helping send
wheat to those who need 1'- nfjre than
you do.
It seems U be unanimously agreed
that the one-piece dress and separate
coat shall supersede the tailored suit
this winter. For one thing the com
fort of these long, warm coats with
their huge fur collars cannot be de
nied, and their legnth gives added
warmth below the waist that is lacking
in the suit.
The new coats are mucb more at
tractive than those ot last winter
which were rather heavy and loose and
with few variations to choose from.
This year the different styles are so
numerous as to be almost bewildering
but the essential details are about the
same.
The smooth finished, supple mater
ials are the most favored, such as ve
lours and broadcloth, and owing to the
scarcity of wxl. velveteen will be us
ed a great deal both in coats and
dresses. Another new material is call
ed silver-bloom cheviot This is a
particularly attractive material hav
ing a slightly rough surface with a
fleck o'f white in It. It is suitable for
almost any occasion and looks well ov
er sports cloths as over a satin dress.
Odd shades of bi'jwn and gray seem
to be worn moat as nearly all furs har
monize with these colors. Dark brown
or purple broadcloth Is very lovely
combined with seal and looks well In
the evening also.
Very smart tailored coats are seen
without any fur trimming but the little
touch tf luxury added by a bit of fur
is hard to resist The shoulders are
close fitting and the collars huge. Opin
ion seems to be divided on the sub
ject of cuffs and they may be either ot
fur or simply the material It is left
to the fancy of the wearer as both
styles are in good taste.
One distinctive feature of this sea
son is the large shawl collar or fur.
It Is lVund over the shoulders and
reaches to the waist line in front An
other new collar is a very high
straight band of fur which turns over
like a cuff. This is quite different
from any of last season. The large,
convertible crushed collar is still used
but 1b giving way to the shawl collar.
Sleeves are close fitting in keeping
with the slim silhouette and surfs are
wide and straight
The skirts are long, reaching to the
bottom of the dress.
Belts also give a great latitude in
choice. In the' soft semi-fitted coats
the sash belts are very p'jpular, while
in the heavier tailored coats the wide
stitched belts are used, usually with
some new, odd way of closing.
.On very attractive broadcloth had
the front crsing in surplice style with
the 6ash belt in one with the fronts
and tying at the back. This style is
very much used in the one-piece dress
es. Another innovation which is very new
is that of lining silk coats with wool.
One imported model of heavy, black
satin was lined with a deep shade of
tan velours de laine tr wool velour. It
had an extremely wide band of nutria
fur at the bottom and huge collar and
cuffs.
The tailored one-piece dresses for
general wear are usually made of serge
or a combination of serge and satin.
This material continues to be a favor
ite as it tailors so well end will wear
indefinitely if properly care I'jr. Very
little trimming is seen and consists for
the motit part of stitching or braiding
although seme embroidery is used.
This is done in heavy silk in contrast
ing or self color.
The pointed or V neck line is being
replaced by the square and oval out
line. The square Opening was used
somewhat last year but the oval neck
Is decidedly new. The back of the
waisi line comes well up to the collar
line while the front is cut low as for
merly. Panels, tunics and side-draperies
are seen everywhere but are always us
ed with the straight, slim silhouette in
view. These are a boon to the stout
woman as in many cases the waist line
is barely defined and may be raised or
lowered to suit any figure.
The tunic as used n'ow has come to
mean a blouse and overskirt joined, as
in the Russian blouse, and worn over a
satin slip. With a black or white
satin slip, a woman has endless op
portunity of creating a wardrobe by
means of different tunics.
Navy blue serge combined with sout
ache braid and serge covered buttons
is used for 'one tunic to be worn over
a black satin slip. The slip skirt is
very narrow while the overskirt Is us
ually rather full with pressed in plaits.
Long sleeves are close fitting as in the
waist
Owing to the scarcity and increased
cost of materials, combinations of dif
ferent sorts are very much in vogue.
Satin and serge, chiffon and silk, satin
and velvet are all very lovely and give
an unusual touch that might otherwise
be lacking.
On the elaborate tunic for afternoon
wear fur bands are sometimes used for
trimming but the smartness lies in the
beauty of the lines and simplicity of
the garment.
For informal evening affairs tunic
of chiffon. Georgette crepe Ur lace may
be used to good advantage over a slip
of cream white. The neck line is no
ticebly high and almost invariably
round or oval.
Wide crushed sashes of soft satin
ribbon tied at the back accompany the
more delicate tunics, while wide girdl
es of the material are used with the
tailored ones. The overskirts reach
to the knees or below according to the
height of the wearer.
Seen In The Shops.
Black satin hand-bags with clasp
and frame work covered with brightly
colored beadwork.
J. B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
Huex
us
help you plan your
house. Make you draw
ings of it and help you
in any way we can. We
have a regular architect
in connection who wil!
do this for you.
The best of material
and the best of service.
Gibson -Hines
Lumber Co
J.W.F SmitluMgr. PhoneSS
! New spats of Jersey cloth in the pop
ular sport shades.
The newest satin slippers for even-1
ing wear have lower heels similar to
the military heel, covered with satin ;
' to match the slipper. I
J
Small round turbans have a wide
band of fur around the brim and
crowns of velvet of a color matching
the fur.
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
Stock Jabots of net and lace are be
coming very popular.'
A comfortable kit for the "soldier
boy" comes in a khaki case and con
tains everything from toilet articles
and tobacco to writing and sewing materials.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
the slogan of the enthusiastic mem
bers of the military classes as they
are putting the finishing touches to
their work, which does Mrs. Wilson,
their instructor, full credit
I Lewis of Illinois, charged in an ad-
, dress here tonight
"This is being done in payment for
the assistance lent Spain in the Span-
. isb-American war," said the senator.
The girls' secretary; Miss McCurdy,
is continually planning new work as
well as establishing that already be
gun more firmly. Mrs. W. P. Sims,
chairman of the girls.' work commit-j
tee and Miss McCurdy held a con-j
ference with some of the directors of 1
the work in Warren, in reference to(
Campfire and similar organization.
Mrs. Irwin. Mrs. Whitwell, Mrs. R. M. I
Fox and Mrs. Anderson will assume .
the guardianship of clubs to be or-
ganized. '- '
SPAIN IS ACCUSED.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
EAST ST. LOUIS. Ills.. Nov.
Spain is using her money and influ
ence in support of Germany in the war, corn and a substantial addition to her
United States Senator J. Hamilton gold supply.
After consultation with representa
tives of Carranza, state department
has come to conclusion that to avert
9. an economic crisis Mexico must have
immediately 100,000,000 bushels of
The cabinet of the High school "Y"
met in executive session Wednesday
afternoon. This organization follows i
closely that of the student associa
tions of our colleges and will help to i
link high school and college life. A
"what next" series of talks will be
given this fall, when women )f va
rious professions will speak to the
club ou the different lines of work
open to the girl after she finishes col
lege. '
The Pnllyanna club of the Lincoln :
school met Tuesday after school, elect-
ing the . following officers: . . Ruth
Moon, president; Emma Warren, vice j
president ; Caroline Oherna, secretary,
and Edith Cob be, treasurer. j
The world fellowship week, Novem
ber 11-18, will be observed in part toy
the association. Vesper services will
be observed Sunday afternoon at five
o'clock, led by Miss McCurdy. and all
school girls are Invited. Miss McCur
dy -will tell what the association' is
doing tor girts of other countries. '
The new iioiue nursing class will
meet lor the firit time. Thursday ev
ening at 7 o'clock at the Copper Queen
hospital, with Mrs. Jason as teacher.
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
Telephone 446 x
A Phone Call Will Bring Us.
LOS ANGELES JUNK SHOP
Highest Cash Prices Paid For
'Metals. Rubber, Rags, Sacks, Bottles,
Bones, Iron, Hides, Pelts, etc
HOROWITZ BROTHERS. Proprietor
Lowell, Arizona.
i
Opportunity! ;f5
"To hats for the cost of oue," is
Arizona -Bisbee
Copper Mining Co.
Owning 1 9 full claims, adjoining and close
by producing property of Copper Queen
and Wolverine-Arizona, in Bisbee-Warren
District.
With all necessary machinery to develop
property ;
Development being made upon recom
mendations of Walter Harvey Weed, the
noted geologist.
50,000 SHARES OF TREASURY
STOCK OFFERED AT 50c.
Inquire
John Letson, at Collins & Bretherton
Hogan & Seed's Office. L, J. Overlook
GUARD YOUR
HEALTH!
Use Pasteurized Cream and Milk
At Your Grocers.
The Pure Milk Depot,
Johnson Bldg, Main St.
HHIRHESTER S PILlS
THE 51 MKNI REAMD.
. rr
J
nracsr. Aak'rtU UYt-TTV
yn fKMrb m Bct. Safest.
SOlDPYPBlCCRISEVrRYVHjfjjf
WaTKINS & BERGQU1ST
Jewelers and Optician
I Ttw HM LfylARK. Star, j
REVIEW WANT ADS)
BRING QUICK RESULT THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 11, 1917.
THREE
billon in the music room upstairs in 'course, presents to the public a pro
file Y. M. C. A. Also, small section j gram of unusual Interest and origin
showing different methods of drilling i ality. Some eight years ago Mr. Wat-
WEEKLY HEWS LETTER YOUNG
BIER'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MING DISTRICT
holes are to he seen in the same room.
The copper mining course Thursday screen and also by a model section of
night as largely attended, 70 being
present. Ta leciuie was e'.F.n y
Arthur Notman, on the proper loca
tion of holes and methods of drilling
and setting off a standard round ot
holes. The lecture was very elabo
rately illustrated by a diagram on the
mine drift. This was made of dressed
Next week an afternoon class will
be held at 1:30 Thursday, as well as
the niclit section at 7 p. ni. Please
keep thiiftime in mind. Any man in
town interested in mining is cordial
ly Invited. Remember that this Is
lumber, was eight feet high and fourthe ot the Ti- and ie
posttiuiuutfH vi Kcieiumc iniiunp; iiHYtr
not yet been more than scratched.
feet wide. One board nailed across
the middle represented the face of the
drift, and another on "the end, showed
the proper locations for the far ends
ot the holes. This model is on exhi-
The Ward Waters company, the first
number of the Y. M. C. A. lyceum
An Object Lesson
The plates are the first parts cf your battery to be affected by
abuse or negligence.
Starving ancfc- lack of water hardens them, overheating buckles
them. In either case, tlie battery is ultimately made inefficient, or
even useless ruined.
Of course any battery will wear out in time, but 90 of all
battery troubles might have been avoided by regular care,
ot prompt attention when the first symptoms of trouble appeared.
Keep in touch with us and you'll be dollars ahead the good money you're
spending on avoidable repairs, the price of a new battery even for regular
cam means lorer battery life.
S
L,onman
Central Theatre Building
1
Wright
LOWELL
0M ill
WmM
. Cm
BY
GAS
ers beaded a lyceum company of simi
lar character, but the .'lure of the
stage took him away from the lyceum
for a time. He has now returned,
much more muturc and with his spe
cialties perfected by experience and
study. Mr. Waters as a character
make-up artist takes- high rank anion?
the bfst platform entertainers. His
sketches are new and original and
have not previously been heard of on
the platform. With Mrs. Waters, he
will do some whistling duets and the
company will give a little play when
ever desired. Their dramatic work
is especially good, as Mrs. Waters has
had several years' experience In stock
companies. Her child impersonations
are clever Indeed. Miss Frances Wlt
wer, the contralto soloist. Is a very
gifted young singer. Tier voice Is
deep and mellow and has that wond
erful quality so. seldom heard. We
feel that the Ward Waters company
will prove an artistic and popular
success. Thi9 splendid entertainment
is free to all members and their fa
milies, and the best girl. Admission
will be by membership ticket. The
entertainment wij be (held; In the
gymnasium.
Mr. Schumann's advanced algebra
class held a meeting last Tuesday and
Friday nights. If you are an engineer
or are In any mathematical position,
this work will be invaluable to you.
This class meets at 7 p. m. in the
education office at the Y. M. C. A.
Old friends of Mr. Morrison's from
Miami and from' the border, keep turn
ing up at the counter every day. One
of them knew him in bis war "Y"
work in El Paso.
to 20 at the present time. Its growth
has been partly.dne to the extremely
practical handling of the theory 01'
mining and partly to the free use of
the new Balopticon reflecting machine.
Every man who Is interested in pros
pecting should attend. The course Is
more practical than the usual college
class, and the instructor expects to
engineer field work trips around the
district. No particular education is
required to understand the class, and
a man can get something out of it.
Just by dropping in occasionally, while
the complete course is an invaluable
aid to the student. It meets Wednes
days at 1:20 and 7:00 p. m.
.14-YEAR-OLD GIRL
,ASV'IMV!r CHAMP
G. L. Stronard, of the Roger Park
Chicago Bautist church, is here on a
visit. He was given a hearty welcome
at the Y. M. C. A.
M. C. Barnard, a Phoenix business
man, is visiting friends in town. Hp
was much impressed by the Associa
tion.
A current events club is being or
ganized. Those Interested will please
leave their names and suggestions for
the time of meeting at the desk, or
with the educational secretary.
More than 100 letters, written by
members of the Y. M. V. A. leave for
the postoffice daily. Thirty of this
hundred are addressed to California
and twenty are addressed to Texas.
The other 50 go to the remaining 46
states. This goes to show that Cali
fornia and Texas are fine states o
come from, and that Arizona must be
a fine state to go to. Incidentally,
this also shows that the Y. M. C. A.
Is a popular place for letter-writing.
KniiMnlil, ml
r
"It is too bad, and he was such a
nice man." The cause of his death
was apoplexy, or lack of inactivity.
He died at 54 years and might just
as well have lived to be 74. Dozens
of men In B Li bee who are In business
or professional life are nearing the
end of their usefulness at an early
age, just because tbey fail to take a
sufficient amount of exercise. We let
our bodies run down and become in
efficient just because we think we do
not have time. It always takes time
to keep in condition and the import
ance of keeping in condition should be
keenly felt at this time of great need.
The better our condition the better
we can serve our country. We take
time to tend to our business and we
have some time to sleep and eat, but
we greatly neglect our bodies. We
don't have time, but we will all have
time to die and most of us die ten
to twenty years before we should. The
Y. M. C. A. offers a time and a place
for your much-needed exercise. You
can play hand-ball, volley ball, indoor
baseball or basket ball. There are
dumb bells, Indian clubs, pulley weight
machines and other pieces of appara
tus for those who prefer the apparatus
There -are calesthenic drills and setting-up
exercises for each class. Most
any form of exercise desired can be
had in the Y. M. C. A. gym. A large
wrestling mat and boxing gloves are
provided for those who care for more
strenuous exercise. Don't neglect your
body and die early when it is not nec
essary. Keep yourself fit and in the
best of condition, by using the oppor
tunity that is yours at the Y. M. C. A.
gym. ., ,
Anyone competent to teach some
school or practical subject well, and
with time to do it, will confer a fa
vor on the commpnity and the Y. M. C.
A. and also on himself by volunteer
ing for a class at the Y. M. C. A. Our
national future now depends on mak
ing the most of every resource that
we have.
The Spanish conversation class is
running every Monday and Wednes
day at the usual class hours, 1:30 and
7:00 p. m., A few more of our ex
tremely practical conversation gram
mars are left, which we would gladly
see in use.
All those Interested in a literary
club are requested to see either Mac
Donald or F. B. Meyer.
1
WATER
HE A TING
, The process of heating water for domestic purposes has been rev
olutionized in the past few years through the introduction and
perfection of gas fired water heaters, until today it is no longer a
a problem to secure an abundance of hot water quickly and econo
mically, in any dwelling, large or smalL
Today, in the countless thousands of homes where gas fired water heaters are in
stalled, an abundance of hot water is available for any purpose. By some types of heat
ers the water is heated instantly at the turn of a faucet, by others, within a few min
utes after lighting the heaters, and all without labor, inconvenience or discomfort, ind
at a reasonable cost for gas.
LET US SHOW YOU
Btshee Improvement Co.
A. G. Livingston has consented to
enter the educational committee of
the Y. M. C. A. He takes Mr. Rider's
department at the Copper Queen.
Mr. Whitwell's geology class has
grown from one, at the first meeting.
FREE TO
ASTHMA SUFFERERS
J
A New Home Cure That Anyone Can
Use Without Discomfort or Loss
of Time.
We have a new method that cures
Asthma, and we want you to try it at
our expense, .'o matter whether your
case is of long standing or recent de
velopment, whether it is present as
occasional or chronic asthma, you
should send for a free trial of bur
method. No matter In what climate
you live, no matter what your age or
occupation, if you are troubled with
asthma, our method should relieve you
promptly.
We especially want to send it to
those apparently hopeless cases,
where all forms of inhalers, douches,
opium preparations, fumes, "patent
smokes," etc., have failed. We want
to show everyone &t our own expense,
that this new method is designed to
end all difficult breathing, all wheez
ing, and all those terrible paroxysms
at once for all time.
This free offer is too important tp
neglect a single day. Write now and
then begin the method at once. Send
no money. Simply mail coupon below.
Do It Today.
In case a sufficient number of men
interested is found, we can offer a
course in telegraphy. There will be
a slight charge to protect the course
from mere curiosity seekers. Please
see Secretary Donaldson, or tell the
man at the desk if interested.
The boy3 of Bisbee are going to
have a share in the great campaign
that Is soon to be on, for $35,000,000
for our soldiers and sailors. One mil
lion of the above amount is to be
earned and given by the boys of the
country. Bisbee's share of this amount
is $400. The boys' campaign organiza
tion has been formed and the officers
are as follows: Arnold Baldwin, pres
ident and chairman of the employ
ment committee; Bob Thomas, vice
president and chairman of the publi
city committee; Lester Farrel, secretary-treasurer;
Arthur Peterson, chair
man of ways and means committee;
Harry Harshraan, chairman of col
lection committee, and Raymond Fos
ter, chairman of publicity committee
for Warren and Lowell. In many ci
ties over the country boys have earned
and given $10 each for food packets
to be sent to the prisoners in the
prison camps. The boys of Bisbee will
need jobs to earn this money. If you
have a job that a boy can do, call up
Arnold Baldwin, chairman of the em
ployment committee, with headquar
ters at boys' department of the Y. M.
C. A., phone 27. The $10 each, that
the boy will earn and give can be used
for prisoners of war. American sol
diers or, allied soldiers, whatever Is
the boys' preference in the gift A
boost for the boys will be a boost for
our soldiers and sailors.
9mm
n
III
1 1 - ' " I
pit V
fit" c!' J ft;
I - '
f ' :
H . --J
tfCtf
Thelma Darby.
Indianapolis is proud of its fourteen-year-old
girl swimming cham
pion, Miss Thelma Darby, who has
defeated some of the best women
swimming start in the country.
Children Being
Enlisted to Aid
Food Factories
LONDON, Nov. 9 For the first time
in the conduct of the war, according
to the National Food Journal, the of
ficial organ of the Ministry of Food,
tne children of Britain are being fully
enlisted as an aid to victory. The of
ficials have found, the Journal adds,
that the children o the elementary
school show acute mental receptivity
concerning questions of food shortage,
and are '"full of heroic resolve" to
avoid waste "which is all that is at
present required of them."
Representatives of the Ministry of
Fcjd have" been addressing the chil
dren in the schools, telling them In
simple and direct language that the
Food Controller's demand for economy
is directed to them as much as to the
older people. The children are encour
aged to eat all they desire but to avoid
wastefulness wherever possible.
The children are asked n take notes'
during the lectures, and the two best
essays on the food situation, written
respectively by a boy and a girl, are
forwarded to the Minis'.ry of Food to
be read. The stamp of the Ministry Is I
placed on each essay, a few words of i
appreciation written thereon, and they
are returned to the writers.
DRAW IN TEN ROUNDS
FREE ASTHMA COUPON
FRONTIER ASTHMA CO.,
Room 867S. ltiagara and Hudson
Sts.. Buffalo, N. Y.
Send free trial of your method
to:
The safety classes keep growing.
and their direct result is large sav
ing in life and limb to this district.
If a man's health is worth something
to the mining companies, it is worth
a lot more to the men.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
NEW YORK. Nov. 9. Jim Coffey,
the Dublin giant, and "Knockout Bill"
Brennan of Chicago fought 10 rounds
to a draw here tonight. Each had the
better of four rounds and the other
two were even. Coffey weighed 203
pounds and Brennan 197.
IT MAY BE HARD,
I BUT FRIEDA WILL
' SIXG IT ANYWAY
A course in beginning algebra is to
be organized next week. Those in
terested can find out more from the
educational secretary.
OBTAINED MONEY
FRAUDULENTLY
(By Review Leased Wire.)
HAVANA, Nov. 9. Jose Linaras, a
former employe of the Cuban postof
fice was arrested today in Santiago de
Cuba in connection with the cashing of
fraudulent Cuban money orders in var
ious parts of the United States. He
had in his possession a money order
stamping outfit and several incriminat
ing documents.
The falsified orders are said to bear
the serial number of 555,000. while the
legal numbers (fo not erceed 540,000.
750,000 CARS NEEDED.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 9. Seven hun
dredand fifty thousand cars wilt b
needed to move the nations bumper
potato crop of 453.000.000 bushels. In
making this announcement today Fair
fax Harrison, chairman of the rail
roads war board, said the transporting
of the crop began the middle of Sep
tember and will continue to April. 1.
I - r )
.-
! !
MRS, BURNHAM
JAMAICA, N. Y.
Sufferings Cured by Medi-
cine Recommended by
Sister-in-law.
I:1 Kilul. ,;,!,:, .Inn 1
r ?
V i
Jamaica, N. Y. "I suffered greatly
with my bead and with backache, was
iweax, dizzy, ner
vous, with hot
flashes and felt very
miserable, aa I was
irregular for two
yeart. One day
whea I was feeling
unusually bad my
sister-in-law came
in and said. 'I
j wish yon would try
I Lydia E. Pinkbam's
uCompoand.' So I
began taking it and I am now in good
health and am cured. I took the Com
pound three times a day after meals,
and on retiring at night I always keep
a bottle in the house. "-Mrs. L. N.i
Burn ham, 295 South St, Jamaica, N.Yi
Women who recover their health nat
urally tell others what helped them.
Some write and allow their names and
photographs to be published with testi
monials. Many more tell their friends.
Write Lydia E. Pinkham Medi
cine Co. (confidential), Lynn,
M as& for anything you need to
know about your ailments.
mm
Permanent
Sachets
provide a lasting fraerance
for lingerie, veils, gloves and
handkerchiefs.
Made by incoraoratins natural
flower oils into a waxy substance.
Kenewed indefinitely by scraping
sunace ugnuy ana tnus
ing fresh globules of per-
iumea oil
Always an acceptable
gitt.
Pric Twenty
mm
I
reieas- I
1 mm vanes I I
McDonalds Marlnello
Phone 305 -
Shop
Closing Out Odds anc
Ends in
TROUSERS
$5 and $6 Values
$2.50
CARO & CO..
20 Brewery Gulch.
SUITS
(MKQg
UIUto$2o
MADE
TO
ORDER
Remember, these suits
are made from genuine
$25 materials.
Every thread guaran
teed Strictly All Wool
with a satisfactory fit or
your money back.
WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OF
LADIES' ALTERATIONS.
D. H. Evans
BREWERY GULCH
Opposite Uncle Jim's
EYE NERVE GLASSES
- Study and much re
search work since
1892. la the cause ot
my successful practice
in Bisbee. Dr. R.
Glaze, Keutrologtst.
Room 1. Maxe Bldg, Phone, Office
156. Residence, Black 420.
6. K. LIVERY AND
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
Frieda Hemptt.
Frieda Hempel, the well knowr.
.prima donna, is learning to sing "Th-'
Star Spangled Banner. A faithful
subject of the kaiser, she refused t
I, earn the American national anthem,
until it began to appear that hei
kmorance might lose her .dollars '
- TKa y( iA nnrnmicainn tt Prwiitfm-o
Ir. I .Withheld the granting for t.
(concert in that city until sho woulr;
promise to make the Bong a part ot
1 her program.
It SflttX
res
CATARRH
OF THE
BLADDER
BaHsTsd tl
24 Hours
Est On- ,
itw-jtbftiinyl
American Car &. Foundry company
has received from the government or
ders for $50,000,000 worth of S-inh
shells to be manufactured at Depew
(N'.Y.) plant. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 11, 1917.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best ol everythine at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40 ;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber ft. Co Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN ft BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
1 Llt-tiifi' A
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL MARKS, MGR. . LOWELL
OF FIRE BURNING
OR BURGLARS
Stealing your private papers and valuables when you
shut the home for the summer.
There's Absolute Safety for both when protected
by our modern vaults '
Private safes rent for $500 and up yearly.
Think this over then see.
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street. Bisbee, Arizona.
Will E. McKee, President C. A. McDonald, Cashier.
rA s, kT r-A
A quarter here, fifty cents there, a dollar
somewhere else do you keep tab on your
expenses?
And do you realize that many of these
quarters, half dollars and dollars you could
save?
Bank With Us.
-jr -j --as. vi?,i.i -- vm
MWEmmAJiMfl
Ysu Can Get 5,0C0 to 10,000 Mora Miles
out of them by using Gates Half-Sole Tires.
We will put them on for you and change your old tires
into new ones at about one-half the price you would
have to pay for new tires.
Your tire comes into our plant, worn and scarred
, from service, and we deliver it back to you the same
tire made oversize and with a brand-new non-skid
tread of fresh rubber. Not a .square inch of your old.
tire will be in sight, and you will not.be able to Jell it.
from a new tire.
GATEST!QES
Are absolutely guaranteed for 3,500 mites of wear without
Mortar and many uteri are averaging from 6.000 to 10.000 mile.
You cannot get this kind of guaranteed service from any tire on the
market without paying two or three times the cost. of a Gates
Half-Sole Tire. M - r
LET US SHOW YOUs
Don't throw away another worn tire until vou have Investigated
(pi
life
the Sates Half-Sole. If you are paying the tire hills you will be in
terested and we are ready to show you how lo keep in your own
pocket a big part of the cost of new tires and get better Mr service
run you have ever had belore. We guarartee It
LOWELL MOTOR CO.
mMMmmMm
Review Want
WITH THE RIGHT
KIND OF LUMBER
any job can be done more quick
ly and economically. If you have
a closet or a bookcase in mind
come see us. We want to sell
you tlie lumber, of course. But
well sell you only tbe kind our
experience tells us Is right and
we won't try to sell you too
much of 1L Then youH come
again.
Company. nc
CAR STOP. PHONE 25.
urn
Ads for Results
Mining and Financial News
BY A&VIEW
NEW YORK. Nov. 10. Prices ir,
today's stock market were somewhat
mixed most of the time, various
groups moving in opposite directions.
This was notably the case when the
automobile issues, Studebaker and
Maxwell motors making gains of
5 and four points respectively,
while General Motors broke to the new
minimum of 74! but closed at 80, an
actual gain of two ponits.
Rails and industrials held a more
steady course, representative trans
portations gaining one to almost two
points while active steels averaged
one point advances.
Many of the war issues added one
to three points to the final quotations
of the previous session and coppers
were equally strong. Shippings were
rather erratic, marine preferred for
feiting its early gain of l' points.
Total sales 340.000 shares.
The October tonnage statement of
the United States Steel corporation
disclosed a further decrease of over
800,000 In unfilled orders, leaving the
total business at the end of that
month at slightly more than 9,000.000
tons against 12.183,000 tons,' half a
year ago.
Actual clearing house loans showed
a contraction of $23,332,000 and a de
crease of $1,300,000 in actual reserves,
the banks increasing cash holdings in
their own vaults by about $8,000,000.
The only feature of the dull and ir
regular bond market was a decline in
the liberty 4's to the slightest fraction
under subscription prices at 99.98.
The 34 's ranged between 99.34 and
,99.23. Total sales of bonds par value
aggregating $2,075,000.
i United States coupon and register
ed 2's and 4's lost per cent on the
: week,
; GRAIN MARKETS
CHICAGO, Nov. 10. Active buying
that was chiefly associated with
streneth in the New York stock mar
ket gave a lift today to prices of corn.
,The close was strong, 1 to Hfcc net
higher with December $1.19 and May
i $1.14 to $1.14. Oats advanced lVt
to lc. In provisions there was a
! setback to 10c to 35c.
Prominent houses took the lead in
purchasing corn as soon as the market
opened. Demand was 'persistent
throughout the session and there were
no important reactions from the up
ward movement of values. The fact
that receipts of new corn were smaller
I than of late added somewhat to the
bullish sentiment engendered by Wall
street rallies and so .too, did uncon
firmed gossip of expert buying. Fog
gy weather over most of the corn belt.
! a condition averse to the drying out of
I grain tended likewise to make prices
harden, not h withstanding that clear
skies and low temperatures were pre-
, dieted for tomorrow.
i Liberal sales of oats to the United
States government carried the oats
market up to the highest figures in
i several weeks. Besides signs pointed
i to a falling off of deliveries from first
hands.
i Absence of support weakened pro-
visions. Higher quotations on hogs
and grain had only a littlo transient
j contrary effect,
i METAL MARKET
! NEW YORK, Nov. 10. Bar silver.
;S6'.
CLEARING HOUSE.
1 ..EW YORK. Nov. 10. The artual
condition of clearing house banks aud
1 trust companies for the week (five
days) shows that they hold $109,630.-
440 reserves in excess of legal re
j quirements. ' This is a decrease of $1,
1 300,170 from last week.
FOREIGN SITUATION
DOMINATES MARKET
NEW YORK. Nov. 10. All other
considerations and developments of a
tremulous week In the stock market
were rendered insignificant by the
foreign situation. The further Teu
tonic invasion of Italy and the over
throw of the Russian provisional gov
ernment provoked the most drastic
liquidation of the year.
Dunking support offered at oppor-
Itune moments checked the derline but
the shrinkage of quoted value was al
most beyond computation. Only at
rare intervals, however, did the re
cessions assume any of the alarming
aspects that accompanied falling mar
kets of the past five or ten years.
Leading financial interests are unan
imous in affirming that basic condi
tions rest of the most solid foundation
of anytime In almost three years.
Regarding the immediate future.
Wall street is hopeful of several
things. Foremost among these is the
early announcement of a substantial
advance in freight rates assurances
that next year's demands of the home
government may be nut without re
course to increased taxation.
NKW YORK. Nov. 10. The early.
weaktiesH in General Motors had HtiTom Reed
unsettling effect on the general market I'nited Eastern ...
but oiilside selling was small and nth-1 Verde Extension ..
er ofTorines mostly of a professional Verde Combination
character. A later despatch rrom.We.Kt End
Washington Uih4 - motor trucks would Wolvar imi Arizona '.
WeFix'Em
WHILE
LEASED WIRE
be used in the future for short hauls
instead of rialroads for the period of
the war gave considerable strength to
the shares in this department.
The market on the face of the over-
nlfrht Pnculan a- i A ..aa ft a In-
""""""" uuu
dicate recent unfavorable develop-
ments abroad had been pretty well
discounted and any turn for the better
"?,, intirnKtional rw8 r?uld like,y
be followed by a substantial recovery
inasmuch as the technical foundation
seems to be much firmer. The news
touching on the Russian affairs and.
the Italian situation will at least tern-1
nornrllv nrnvo ho niiMin. riln. in!
price making.
LOGAN & BRYAN
Clos'ng Quotations, Nov. 10. 1917.
(By L J. Overlock.)
NEW YORK.
Anaconda 54
American can 33
American Car 629
American Locomotive 50
American Smelter 73
American Sugar 93
Atchison 84
Baldwin 537,4
Bethlehem "B" ... 77
C & O 47
C. F. & 1 32
Canadian Pacific 136
Central Leather 62;
Crucible 53
Distillers 34
Erie 1514
Goodrich Rubber
General Motors ... 80
Industrial Alcohol m1
Mercantile Marine 26
Mercantile Marine Pfd 95
Maxwell , 24 M
Midvale 43
Mex. Petroleum 74
New York Central 67 Vi
Northern PPacific ... ... ... 854
Reading 67,
United State Rnhhcr Knii
Republic Steel 7o
Studebaker ji -
...
United States Steel , '.. 92t
T'nitot filgtao CtAtil T F.1 inn
St Paul "
d" :V
- . 074
Sinclair Oil 31
Texas Oil 137
Union Pacific 113
U. S. M 43
Westinghouse ZS
BOSTON
Adventure 1
Allouez ' 51
Alaska 3
Az. Co ml
American Zinc
84
utte 16
& A. 1 62H
C. & H 440
C. Range , 44
Chino ., 37
E. Butte 9
Granby 64 (
Green Can 35
Goldfield 40
Hancock 9 'A
Indiana 1'
Inspiration 41
Kennecott 30
Keweenaw 1'
LaSalle 2
Miami... 27 of military decorations which have
Mohawk 60 ' been conferred upon French s'jldiers
Mayflower 2 I since the beginning of the war few
Nevada 16(hava attracted more interest than the
North Butte 12 ' recent award of the Cross of the Leg-
Nipissing 7 lou of Honor to Cavalry Quartermaster
Old Dominion . ' ... " V ... " 34'A Charbonnier. aged 68 years and a vet-
(is.-pnia
Pond Creek 16
Quincy 62
Ray Con
Shattuck ..."
Shannon
Sup. Boston
St. Marys
Utah Copper
2
19
3
2
53
75
Utah con 11
Winona 2
CURBS
Ark & Ariz 5
Austin '1
Az Silver King
liig Ledge 1
Butte and Ixindon 10
Calumet and Jerome
l's
Cornelia 13
Con. Airz 114
Con Cop Mines 7
Curtiss 24 j
Ienii 18 ;
Dundee
Knnua. 3 :
Fed Oil 2s '
Gadsden
Hull
Ilnwe Sound
Ilecla
Ins. Needles
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Jerome Portland
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Miami Con
7;
:
1;
32
Pitts Jerome
! Hay
Here .
Santa
Rita
'
36
3
32',,
63
1
A
U fait
White Caps "
Wright Martin 7
OATMAN
(By Collins ft Bretherton)
Adams 02
Arizona Rex
Arii-Tom R 04
Gold Ore 24
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff v
.03
.25
.26
.05
.15
-.03
Luck- Boy Oo
Sunnygid8
Teijurjde
Tom Reed' '
united Eas'tn'v. "3:2
n . . vfl,-. A,
J
Red Llon
.10
3.87
.05
.25
OTHER CURBS
j UUUnuU ... ... ,,.,VV
Green Monster 56
(Butte London 10
flaftBA. 4 AA
2.06
.69
.12
.75
.10
.62
.87
.10
js!
.34
.43
1.75
.50
.62
.08
.50
.27
.50
.42
.15
1.37
.25
Dundee
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome
. .50
. .37
. .81
. .05
. .40
. .06
. .30
. .31
.1.50
. 150
. .04
Jerome Verde
Ark-Arizona
! Jerome Portland ...
Ins-Needles
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
. Wolverine-Arizona . .
Miami Mother Lode .
.Verde Com
Miami Consolidated .
Ariz.-Bisbee Copper
Butte Arizona 03
Santa Cruz Bisbee
Jerome Daisy
Nacozari Con
Verde Apex , 13
Calumet and Jerome .. ..1.25
Feather River Gold
Applications in
Camp for Work
(Continued From Page One)
tativn for loyalty to the government
:and determination to have efficiency
dullnS the war period, will fail to find j
ithe local atmosphere suited to their,
purposes. There is no lacit or reauza-
1 tion of this facLand it is having good
elect in maintaining the high charac -
ter of population found In the district
: after July 12.
The matter 'of housing accommoda
tions is the only really difficult prob
lem now faced by the district. The
men. the spirit and the ore are here
to make for record-breaking . attain-
ments in mining and development, but
the houses are not. Many families are
now quartered in temporary rooming
house quarters, while many more fam
ilies are prevented from coming until
their heads, now employed here, can
find dwellings. Meantime furniture
! dealers report a big increase in busi-
ness during the present month and
1 know that If houses were available for
' furnishing they could speedily double
Up Dn present transactions.
1
,0ld Campaigner
Receives Cross
Of Honor Legion
PARIS. Nov. 10. Of the thousands
eran of the Franco-Prussian war. Thisl
white-haired soldier who enlisted vol
untarily in 1870, was twice wounded in
1 lliai ltuiJAiKU sun icvcnm uio 111111-
l1? medal, the highest purely military
uiniiucuun uhii iiic ricucu guvci la
ment confers.
In September, 1914, when the Ger
mans were threatening to invade Paris
he again felt the call of duty and al
though beyond military age his servic
es were gladly accepted. . His disting
uished service, especially at the battle
of Craonne, won him the commenda
tion Vf his superior officers and he was
cited many times for bravery and
deeds of daring At the decoration cere
mony at the Invalides, General Coupil
' leau especially requested that he be al
lowed to pin upon the tunic of this gal-
1 lant soldier the cross which be so rich-
iy deserved.
REVIEW
BRING
WANT AOS
RESULTS.
LEGAL NOTICES.
I
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
FOR U.
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3374.
Serial No. 036635.
United States Land Office, Phoenix.
October 31, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that R. A.
Bretherton and C. M. Henkel. co-own-
1 ers. whose postomce address is Bisbee,
Arizona, have made application for
patent for the follow ing named lode
" ' mining claims, situated in tbe Warren
; Mining District. Cochise county, Arizo-
ua. in Sections 13 aud 11, Township 23 -
i S, Range 24 E. unapproved. G. & S. It.
: B. ft M.. described as follows, to-wit:
"ROCKLAND" Beginning at turner
No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence the
i Wl-4 cor. sec. 18 T. 23-S, R. 25-E, G. &
i S. R. B. .&. M. bears, S.78 58' E. 3233.9
BestWorkmanship
Best Material ,
Lowest Prices
LEGAL NOTICES.
feet; thence N. 83 34' W, 1158.70 feet
to corner No. 2; thence N. 78 20' W
347.50 feet to corner No. 3; thence N.
2 14' W. 574 feet to corner No. 4;
thence S. 83 34' E. 1.500 feet to cor
ner No. 5; thence S. 2 o4' E. 606 feet
to corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 18.658 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey No. 3158, Rolla lode of
1.858 acres.
"BLACK BEN." Beginning at cor
ner No. 1, the S. E. corner, whence the
Wl-4 cor. of Sec. 18. T. 23-S. R. 25-E, G.
A S. R. B. & M. bears S. 80 03' E.
4737.2 feet; thence N. 78 20' W. 1150.
50 feet to corner No. 2; thence N. 65
23' W. 377.80 feet to corner No. 3;
thence N. 2 04' W. 530.40 feet to cor
ner No. 4; thence S. 78 20' E. 1500
feet to corner No. 5; thence S. 2 04'
E. 617.60 feet to corner No. 1, the place
of beginning, containing a net area of
20.112 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Sunshine lode of this
survey of 0.208 acres.
"SUNSHINE". Beginning at corner
No. L the S. E. corner, whence the W
1-4 cor of Sec. 18. T. 23-S.. R. 25-E., G.
& S. R. B. & M. bears S. 78 51' E. 6,
256 feet; thence S. 82 04' W. 959.30
feet to corner No. 2; thence N. 1 41'
E. 600 feet to corner No. 3; thence N.
81 48' E. 960.M feet to corner No. 4:
thence S. 1 40' W. 604.50 feet to cor
ner No. 1, the place of beginning, cou
taining a net area of 12.860 acres, ex
pressly excluding aera in conflict with
Survey No. 2412, Apache lode or 0.217
acres.
The location notices of these claim:
are recorded in the office of the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise county, Arizo
na, as follows:
Rockland. Book 49, Record of Mines
page 137.
Black Ben. Book 49, Record of Mine?
page 132.
Sunshine. Book 49. Record of Mines
page 139.
The names 'of the adjoining claims tc
this survey are; on the north. Survey
No. 2412, Apache lode; Neglected anc
Anna, unsurveyed; owned by applicant
I herein; Warren lode, unsurveyed; or
the East Survey No. 3158. Rolla lode;
on the South Survey No. 1794. Grenfel:
lode; Survey No. 2176. Carmelita anc
Corona fodes; Survey No. 2221 Shat-
jtuck No. 2; and Survey No. 3158. Car
melita and Corona lodes on the West
Survey No. 1794. Calumet lode.
J. L. IRWIN, Register.
First publication, Nov. 7. 1917.
Last publication, Jan 16. 1918.
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING.
The anu ial meeting of the stock
holders of thi EI Paso & Southwestern
Railroad Company, for the election 01
directors to serve for the ensuing year
and for the transaction of such ot'tei
business as may be properly brongh
before the meeting, will be held at tht
office of the company in Bisbee, Co
chise county, Arizona, on Mtmday, No
vember 12, 1917, at 12 o'clock noon.
GEORGE NOTMAN.
Secretary
012016.
Adv 737
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
UNITED STATES PATENT
Mineral Survey No. S277. Serial No
03612a United States Land Offlca,
Phoenix, Arizona, August 31, 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that Alfred
Paul, whose post Office address Is
Douglas. Arizona, has made appllca
tion for patent for the following
named lode mining claims, situate lb
the Warren Mining District, Cochise
County, Arizona:
"Don Miguel
Beginning at Corner M. 1, the
Southeast Corner, whence the West
quarter. Corner of Section 30. Town
ship 23. South. Range 25 East, G. ft S.
R. B. tt M. bears South 85 36' East
4941.1 feet; thence North 69 39' West
1500 feet along lines 1-6 and 2-3 Sur
vey No. 2244. South Side and Gold Hill
lodes, respectively, to Corner M. 2.
the Southwest Corner; thence North
32 25' East 467.60 feet to Corner No.
3; thence South 68 46' East 664.30
feet along line 3-2 and 4-5 Survey No.
1781 Cave lode and Survey No. 2244
Gold Hill lode, respectively to Ctorner
No. 4; thence North 43 52' East
163.20 feet alone lines 2-1 and 66 of
Surrey No. 1781. Cave lode and Sur
vey N o. 2244, Gold Hill lode, respec
lively, to Corner No. 5: thence South
69 38' 30" East 654.30 feet along
lines 3-2 and 6-1 Survey Ntj. 1953 Bryen
lode and Survey No. 2244 Gold Hill
lode, respectively, to Corner No. S, tbe
Northeast Corner; thence South 4
49' East 236.40 feet to Corner No. 7;
1 thence South 32 25' West 391.20 feet
10 Corner No. L the plaec tf the be
ginnings containing a total area ot
17.917 acres. The presumed course of
the vein on this claim Is from the
West end center South 69 39' East
1500 feet
"Don Miguel No. 1"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the
Northeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section SO. Town
ship 23 South, Range 25 East G. Jk S.
R. B. ft M. bears south 85 37' Cast
j 4935.1 feet
1 West 584 I
thence South 31 zf'
feet to Corner No. 2, the
Southeast Corner; thence North 69
1
1 52' West 886 feet to Corner No. 3,
! Identical with Corner No. 3 Survey No.
2244 South Side lode; thence North
48 52' West 614.60 reet along lines 3 4
and 1-5, Survey No. 2244. SOuth Side
and Survey No. 2183, Worren lodes,
respectively, to Corner No. 4. the
IS)
Men
LEGAL NOTICES.
Southwest Corner: thence North 32
25' East 364 40 feet to Corner No. 6,
the Northwest Corner; thence South
t9 39' East 1506.40 feet to Ctorner
No. 1, the place of beginning; contain
ing a total area of 18.277 acres. Ex
pressly excluding area In conflict
lth Survey No. 1917, Bangor Lode of
0. 123 acres. The presumed course ot
the vein on this claim la from the East
end center North 68 26' West 1499.S
fet ,
"Don Miguel Nt. 2."
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the
Northeast Corner, whence the West
quarter Corner of Section 30, Town
ship 23 South. Range 25 East G. ft S.
R. B. ft M. bears South 84 21' 30"
East 4235 feet; thence South 82 23'
West 974.10 feet to Corner No. 2, the
Southeast Corner; thence Nbrth 59
48' West 58L40 feet to Corner No. 3,
the Southwest Corner; thence North
12 25' East 97410 feet to Corner No.
t. the Northwest Corner-, thence
South 69 48' East 581.40 feet to Cor
uer No. 1, the place tf h-glnnlng; con
taining a total area of 12.9S2 acres.
Expressly excluding area In conflict
with Don Miguel No. 1 lode of this sur
vey, of 0.084 acres, and Surrey No.
.'019 Little Mary lode of 2.527 acres,
nd Don Miguel No. 4 lode of this sur
vey of 0.866 acree. The presumed
itourse of the vein on this claim Is
from the North end center South 32
' West 974.1 feet
"Don Miguel No. 3"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the
Southeast Corner, whence the West
juarter Corner of Section 30, Town
(hlp 23 South, Range 25 East G. ft S.
a. B. ft M. bears South 82 16' East
1606.1 feet; thence Nt)rth 59 48' West
176.80 feet to Corner No. 2, the South
west Corner: thence North 4 49'
vVest 905 80 feet to Comer No. 3, the
N'orthwest Corner; thence South 59
48' East 176.80 feet to Corner No.. 4.
the Northeast Corner;; thence Stjuth
l 49 East 906.80 feet to Corner No.
1, the place of beginning; containing
total area of 3.014 acres. Expressly
excluding area tn conflict with Survey
no. 1953 Bryen lode exclusive of Its
-onflict with Surrey No. 2244 Blsbe
jnen N'o. 2 lode tf 1.403 acres. The
resumed course of the rein on this
ialm is from the North end center
South 4 49' East 906.8 feet,
"Don Miguel No. 4."
Beginning at Corner No. 1, tbe
Northeast Corner, whence the West
marter Corner of Section 30. Town
hip 23 South. Range 25 East G. ft S.
l B. ft M. bears North 75 35 East
334.5 feet; thence South 51 17'
.Vest 631.60 feet to Corner No. 2. the
Southeast Corner; thence North 53
11' West 1018.20 feet along line 2-3.
lurvey No. 2244, Bisbee Queen lode to
;orner M. 3; thence North 48 66'
A'est 447 feet to Corner No. 4, the
Southwest Corner; thence North. 51
l7' East 500 feet to Corner No. 5, the
Northwest Corner; thence South 56
5' East 1500 feet to Corner No. L
be place of beginning; ctrataliang a
otal area ot 18.913 acres, expressly ex
cluding area In conflict with Surrey
Vo. 2172 Lena lode of 0.043 acres. The
j resumed course of tbe vein on this
claim Is from the East end center
North 56 65' West 1500 feeL
"Don Miguel No. a."
Beginning at Corner No. 1, the
Jbutheast Corner, whence the West
tuarter Corner of Section 30. Town
thip 23 South .Range 25 East G. ft S.
it. B. a XI. bears North 70 23' East
J844.8 feet; thence North 87 11 West
148.90 feet to Corner No. 2. the South
west Corner; thence North 60 13'
rVest 16.50 feet along lines 1-6 and 2 3
Survey No. 2186 Marquette No. 1 fode
ind Surrey No. 2244 Bisbee Queen No.
i lode respectively, to Corner No. 3:
thence North 48 56' West 1001.00 feet
along lines 6-5 and 3-4, Surrey No.
iS6, Marquette 1 lode and Surrey No.
i244, Bisbee Queen No. S lode respec
tively, to Ctorner No. 4, the Northwest
Corner: thence South 87 11' East
U'7.10 feet to Corner No. 5. the Norta
baist Corner; thence South 48 5S
ast 915.30 feet along line 5 4 Surrey
No. 2244 Bisbee Queen No. 3 lode to
Corner No. 6: thence Strath 56 55'
East 120.10 fet along line 6-1 Survey
No. 2244 Bisbee Quen No. 3 lode to
Corner No. 1. the place of beginning;
containing a, total area of 1.849 acres,
expressly excluding area In conflict
with Don Miguel No. 4 tt this survey
of 0.827 acres. The presumed course
of the vein on this claim is from tbe
South end center North 48 66' West
1013.1 feet.
The locations notices of said claims
are recorded In the office of tbe Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise County. Arl
ton a. as follows:
"Don Miguel," Book 54 Record ol
Mines, pag 402;
"Don Miguel M. 1." Book 54 Rec
ord of Mines, page 403;
"Don Miguel No 2." Book 54. Record
of Mlucs. page 404;
"Don Miguel No. 3." Book 64. Rec
ord of Mines, page 405;
"Don Miguel M. 4." Book 54, Rec
ord of Mines, page 406;
"Don Miguel No. 5." Book 54. Rec
ord ot Mines, page 407;
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the north the "Care." "Bel
tie Mary" and "Mascot" lodes; on
the South, "Edith. "Lena." "Marquette
1." "Cora." "Bangor." "Buffalo." "Cir
cus" and "Warren" lodes; on the East
"Little Elsie "Little Mary" an.
"Ocatea" lodes; on tbe West "Last
Chance" lode.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication. Sept 23. 1517
Last Publication. November 30. 1917.
BACK OF
Y.W.G.A.
0G( THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 11, 1917.
FIVF
1
.6
V
. 4
1 -r.
J
-
3
.
I
Rem'eu? Want Ads
Advertisements under this head
lssae, with a minimum charge ot 25
Review office not later than 8 p. m.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Two men to work on
ranch. Apply early today. Brophy
Carriage Co.. Lowell.- 170
LEARN actual autc repairing, hook
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
Ing. Y. M. C, A Los Angeles. Cat
alog free.
HELP WANTED Applications for
"Review routes askea tor rrom
WIDE AWAKE boys between 13 and
16 years old. 126
Female Help Wanted
WANTED 5 bright, capable ladies
totravel, demonstrate and 6ell deal
ers; $75 to $150 per month. Railroad
fare paid. Goodrich Drug Company,
Dept. 13L Omaha, Neb. 147
WANTED Chambermaid. Victoria
Hotel. 157
WANTED Maid for general house
work. Phone 17. 77
WANTED First class cook, a white
woman, also laundress, Monday and
Tuesday preferred. Phone 77. 76
WAN TED Girt for general house
work. Mrs. Houle, Denn Mine. Phone
543. 6
Wanted
WANTED Pastry cook. Mrs. Raby's
Boarding House, School HilL 153
WANTED Place to room and . board,
a 3-year-old American boy. B. D. V.,
Review. 158
WANTED Small furnished house, 2
in family, must be clean and sunny.
No objection to hills. Room 12,
Moose hotel. 169
WANTED To rent small rooming
house, close in. Box 1044, Bisbee.
109
WANTED Typewriting to do at home
of evenings. Box 1370, Bisbee Ar
izona. 760
WANTED Telegraphers, stenograph
era, bookkeepers; students earn
' board, room tuition. Mackay Busi
ness College. Los Angeles. 789
For Sale
FOR SALE Twelve stool lunch coun
ter. A money maker. Owner must
seek lower altitude. Inquire at
striped tent. Lowell. 701
FOR SALE One 1917 Studebaker,
four roadster, full set new tires, first
class shape. M. W. Powell, C. & A.
Supply. 98
FOR SALE 1917 Ford roadster, first
class condition. PhOne 282, or call
at 15 Quality hill. 161
A 25 Per Cent Investment New
4-room plastered house, with sleep
Ing porch, in residential section of
Miami; rents fOr $35; will sell for
$1700. E. G. Deane, Box 100, Miami,
Ariz. . 177
FOR SALE Engineer's 15-in. Gurley
Wye Level, folding typewriter desk.
PhOne 789W, or address Box 401,
Douglas. 151
FOR SALE A good wood and coal
range, $8. Boulevard stop. Warren,
second house north. 155
FOR SALE Furniture, 4 apartments,
complete; all full. Call Phone 825.
167
FOR SALE School Hill grocery; do
ing gOod business. Phone 825. P.
O. Box 11. 166
M. C. HIGH
ALLEN BLOCK
Real Estate and Insurance
Now is the time to buy
Sec me' for Bargains.
Agent for reliable Insur:
ance Companies.
List vour nranertv with
V
PETEY DINK They Need Drummer, in the Army
MOW ID
To o ivrr
IRA 7
.r
at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
cents. Advertisements must reach Th
for insertion in the next morning paper
For Sale.
FOR SALE Oil stove, 2-burner;
bed, complete back. El Paso
House, Ludford" Brewery ave. 168
FOR SALE Coal range, almost new,
and ice Aox. Call room 10, Cole
bldg.. Warren, mornings. 159
FOR SALEI Some real values in low
priced furniture. Call 55 Roberts
ave. after 5 p. m. 158
FOR SALE Fourteen-iOoni house on
account of leaving town; all rooms
taken; no agents. Mrs. Morrow, Box
2585. 162
FOR SALE 20 tons of native hay in
O. K. condition at Driscoll ranch on
county iVad, 3 miles east Hereford.
175
FOR SALE 3-room house, pantry,
chicken house and pen, rear of wa
ter tank. Miller Hill. Call Tom
Bank, Bisbee. 12S
FOR SALE 50xl00-ft. lot on new
road end of car line. Tombstone
Canyon; terms. I. F. Burgess,
Miners' & Merchants' Bank. 129
FOR SALE Good heating stove, $5.
PhOne 305. 163
80 ACRES UNIMPROVED LAND in
southern Missouri, 4 miles from rail
road, half-mile to school; good soil:
big timber springs and running wa
ter; bargain at $1200; clear title; wili
trade for city property equal value.
Box 2492, Bisbee. 16-1
FOR SALE 160 acres, good farming
land. E. Sulger, C. & A. Office, War
reu. IK
FOR SALE Columbia 60 hornles:
phonograph, 64 assorted 10 and 11
inch records, including seven Harrj
Lauder. Will sell complete. Liv
ingston, Warren, 411 Haveland st.
11!
FOR SALE 4 room furnished house
57A O. K. street. Phone Black 685
26;
FRESH, RIPE TOMATOES, for can
ning, 5c per pound, at my ranch neai
Naco. Will deliver if quantity if
ordered. Chase L. Purdy. 30"
FOR SALE L C. Smith Typewriter
Latest niOdeL visible, tabular attach
menL Practically new. Thos. Henry
Phone 710. 36(
For Rent
FOR RENT 2 -room house; nicely fur
nished. 102 High Road. 161
FOR RENT Furnished four rcOn
house, quiet family of adults prefer
red, 123 Quarry Canyon. 16c
FOR RENT 4 room unfurnishei
house with bath. Bauer Hill. 15(
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT 2 nice housekeeping
rooms, no children, 193 School Hill
' 16'.
FOR RENT 3 furnished rooms fo
light housekeeping. See Mrs. Cun
ningham. McWhorters, from 12 tc
5 o'clock. 14:
FOR RENT Front room for a gentle
man. Inquire upstairs, 200 Tomt
stone canyon, Metz car stop. 15'
FOR RENT 3 rooms furnished, John
son addition, also 2 large batching o
housekeeping tOoms on the leve
Naco road. Green 696. 16
FOR RENT Nice room for 2 gentle
men, 78 Upper Lowell, $10. 16:
FOR RENT Three unfurnishei
housekeeping rooms. 69 School Hill
Opposite Episcopal church. 13!
FOR RENT Nice big sunshiny room
nicely furnished with piano, wal
beds, and stove. Over Independen:
Fuel Co., Main st. 131
FOR RENT 2 nicely furnished fron'
rooms, suitable for two gentlemen ii
each room, with board. Mrs. E. Sliel
don, Winwood addition. 8i
FOR RENT Nice big sunshiny room;
nicely furnished with piano, wal!
beds and stove. Over Independent
Fuel Co.. Main st. 165
S MELt. HarecA
?UT Nou iwjtq )
WEN IHiwi I
- W W- O jT
Personal
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms; 3
minutes from postoffice. 81 School
Hill. 154
FOR RENT 2 clean, nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms, with water,
$14; close in; sq. white house by
electric light post, east of water
tank. Miller Hill. 154
FOR RENT 2 nicely furnished house
keeping rooms. 12 Jiggerville. 161
FOR RENT Furnished 2 room apart
ment. 14 Naco road, next to Lowell
Bakery. 160
UOOS2 HOTEL Furniehed
$2.00 per week and up.
rooms
405
Business Chances.
855 ACRES Proven field ; 30 oil wells
October monthly dividend, 14 per
cent; room 200 wells; shares now
$1; literature free. Mason Oil &
Gas Co., Scarritt Bldg., Kansas City,
Mo. 172
Agents
I'VE A NEW LINE OF SOAP, Ex
tracts, toilet goods, perfumes, etc.,
for agents; 10 per cent profit; sam
ples free; write quick. Lacassian
Co., Dept, 65, St. Louis, Mo. 173
AGENTS The Bradley Gas Saver for
Fords. The best seller on the mar
ket. Can be demonstrated in 5 min
utes. Big commission. The Co
operative Sales Co., 947 Georgia St.,
Los Angeles. 146
Business Opportunities
j GOVERNMENT SALE Indian Lands
Osages made richest Inidans in
the world by oil under their Osage
county land; leases will be auc
tioned by U. S. government; big Oil
fortunes here; you can share; write
for details of big sale and interest
ing story tf Osage Indians and
money they have made in oil. The
Osage Oil & Refining Co., Oklahoma
City. 174
Miscellaneous
OLIVER TYPEWRITER to trade for
40 shares Jerome Verde, if taken at
once. B. Y. X., care Review. 156
EXPERT paper hanger and painter. C.
J. Brandt. Phone 456. Box 150. 579
WE do general house cleaning, solder
ing, plumbing, repairing furniture,
' stoves and painting. Phone 742, Gim
enes. Reasonable pr'ces. 52
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
VIOLIN and Steel Guitar. If you wish
lessons on the aiiove or any other in
struments leave your name and ad
dress at dox office, Central Theatre
Lowell, Phone 771. Raymond Mar-.ini,
: ' leader Central Theatre Orchestra.
70G
PAT CLEARY, painter. Member
Builders' Exchange. Box 1495. 347
FOUND
FOUND Gold ring. Address Yaselski
Box 2242 City. 160
Money To Loan.
$50,000 to loan on improved city prop
erty or for building, on easy terms
of payment. T. A. Hughes, over
Bank o Bisbee. 697
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building. 16C
FOOD PLEDGES GROW.
(By Review Leased Wire.)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9. Nearly ten
million families have been enrolled in
the food adminsitratiou's lOod conser
vation campaign. With returns yet
incomplete, records at headquarters
show that 9.119,417 persons signed the
pledge cards.
Pennsylvania, it was announced to
night, leads all the states with a grand
total of 750,000.
TOURIST BUREAU CLOSED.
PETROGRAD. NOV. 9. The Scandi
navian Tourist Bureau has been closed
by the military authorities on informa
tion received that it had been carrying
on espionage activities in I'etrograf!
during the past ten years.
JJMEU
Ewlisted.The
V'CAV" ASKEX
V Amd
.- wx-w t Si
GRAND JURY WILL
INVESTIGATE FATAL
USE OF REMEDY ;
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. March 10,1
1914. Toxic poisoning caused thei
death of seven men who were treated
for blood poisoning recently, accord
ing to a report post-mor:em sur
geons submitted to Coroner Hartwell
today. A serum was administered to
eight men patients Saturday. Four
died that night, three Sunday and the
eighth was alive today with slight
hope for recovery. Coroner Hartwell
said he hoped the grand jury would
investigate and place the criminality
where it belonged. Take a safe rem
edy like No. 40 For the Blood, an old
doctor's prescription, the ingredients
of which are set down in medical
books as follows: "Employed in blood
poison, scrofula, chronic rheumatism
and catarrh, mercurial and lead poisoning,-
constipation, and diseases of
the stomach, liver, kidneys and spleen.
Under its use nodes, tumors, and scaly
skin diseases, that have withstood all
other treatments, disappear as if by
magic. " Made by J. C. Mendenhall, 40
years a druggist, Evansville, Indiana.
Price $1.00 per bottle.
SOld exclusively in Bisbee at Central
Pharmacy, opposite Orpheum, in Lo
well by Lowell Drug Co., in Douglas by
Owl Drug Co. Adv.
Yankee Troops
Fighting Water
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN
FRANCE. Nov. 10 (By the Associated
Press). There has been no special
activity reported on the sector held
by the American troops in France
during the last two days. A continu
ous rain has interfered with artillery
observations, but the Americans have
been firing their usual number ol
shells daily. There is good reason to
believe that some .of these fell upon
or near certain German battery posi
tions and strategic points.
On the average, 500 German shells
daily have been coming over, but nc
damage from them has been reported.
The American infantry Btill If
struggling with mud and water, de
spite the activity of the engineers in
clearing the trenches.
The new hat worn by the Amerf
cans is affording great comfort to thf
men. Both the infantry 'and artillerj
branches are wearing them undei
their shrapnel beings, with the flaps
over, their ears.
The temperature is continually go
ing lower. .
Argentine government estimates the
wheat crop will total 5,600,000 tons
linseed 950,000 tons and oats 1,200,00C
tons, which figures approach or ex
ceed previous records.
("PACIFISTS HELP
! ENEMY" -DARROW
Clarence Darrow.
Ckirence Darrow, the .vel! known
(attorney and worker in the cause of
' union labor, has gone after the paci
fists with all the invective and sar
!casm at his command. He recently
(declared: "All who oppose this war,
! wh)- seek to confound our friends
amA-fcinder united action thwt alone
can bring victory, are working for
the most despotic, arbitrary gov
ernment that the civilized world has
known."
ME.
Told
J. ' - '
SCHWAB'S NEPHEW
JOINS THE NAVY
J '
Charles JL Schwa j, 2nd, in his uni-
form as a sailor in the U. S. nary.
! Like many other young college
men who have offered their lives to
their country, Charles M. Schwab,
2nd, nephew of Charles M. Schwab,
head of the Bethlehem Steel com
pany, has left his studies at the
Pennsylvania State college and en
listein the naval reserve.:. He is
now serving- in the transport service,)
but wil lsoon be sent to the Military,
Academy at Annapolis for training
as an ensign. . . ... . '.
Under compulsory military servit t
law now in operation, Canada is pre
paring to send soldiers overseas a
the rate of 10,000 every month. Th
law provides for raising 100,000 men
LEGAL NOTiCES
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. Lam
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, Octobei
13, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Fredei
ick J. Murrell of Hereford, Arizona
A-ho, on September 1, 1910, made Here
iord, Arizona, No. 012016, for NW1-4
section 28. township 23S.. range, 22E.
G. & S. R. B. & Meridian, has fllei
notice of intention to make five yea
proof, to establish claim to the Ian
above described, before J. D. Tayloi
U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizom
on the 23rd day of November, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Edward Wilcox, John C. Calhoun
William A. White, Chas. A. Martin
All of McNeal, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
First Publication October 17. 1917.
025782025876
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior, U. S. lan
office at Phoenix. Arizona, Octobe
27, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Ira E
Loomis of Buena, Arizona, who on Sep
tember 25, 1914, made homestead entr
No. 025782, for wl-2 ne 1-4, sel-4 nwl-4
nwl-4 se 1-4. sec. 27; on October li
1914, H. E. 025867 for ei-2 nel-4, nel-sel-4,
sw 1-4 sel-4. sec 27, township 21-.
range 21-e, meridian, has filed notice o
intention to make three year piOof, t
establish claim to thei andabove de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S
commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, oi
the 4th day of December, 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Wm. A. Morris, of Buena, Arizona,
Frank B. Moson of Lewis Spring?
Arizona.
Cassius R. KnOles, of Buena, Ariz.
Paul II. Knoles of Buena, Arizona.
JOHN L. 1RV1N,
Register
First Publication, Ooctober 30, 1917.
Advertisement-201
, , " ir
A-AM ME SAN& AU x- OH HV, A
TKAvettuci salesmsm j w jwiaT A
V CO IMTO Twe IMPAKftKW J j A VJOklDmOU fc
-To carkv y SNsTew- t-7
j Samples 01 - J
' TO TiEKUM f $$K r j ft j(Pi 4x
S vtfM &
Lodge
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
leets every Friday night. Moose Hall,
lsiting brothers cordially Invited.
V. R. TONKIN. Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANIC.
Meets In Medlgovicb
. Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month
Visiting brothers weJ
come.
F. D. LANE. Councillor.
J. L. BENTON, Recording Secretary
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED 8TATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 210.
Meets In L a
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY
at 7:30 p. m
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at-j
tend.
'5EO. SLEEMAN, W. M. !
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E, meets
lrat and third MONDAYS, 8. p. m.
Ragles Hall. Visiters cordially we!
ome.
RICHARD DAVIS. President.
C. L. EDMONSON. Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 19,;
Knights of Pythias
meets each Thursday j
(except second) In Oddj
FeUows' Hall at 7:30!
p. m. Visiting brothers!
cordially invited.
FRANK BRUNING, C. C.
J. C. KRIQBAUM, K. of R. S.
LEGAL NOTICES
021399-026606
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
department of the Interfcr, U. 5. Land ;
Otlice at f.ioenix, Arizona, uctooer ,
6, 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Casimir
. Williams of FL Huachuca, Arizona,;
vho, on February 24, 1913. made home )
tead entry, No. 021399. for Nl-2. NE1-4
Tl-2 NW1-4. Sec. 34 and Addl H. E
'26606. for Sl-2 SE1-4. Sl-2 SW1-4. Sec.
!7. township 22S, range 21E, G. & S. R.
). Si meridian, has filed notice of Inteu
ion to make three year proof, to es
ablish claim to the land above de
scribed, before J. D. Taylor, U. S. Com
nissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the
!lst day of November 1917.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Chester A. Nelson, William A. Lytle,
'art Carlson, Gerrit Whitefoot, all of
lereford, Arizona,
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
Hrst Publication. October 16. 1917
Last Publication, November 20, 1917.
024529.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department Of the Interior, 17. S. Land
Office at Phoenix, Arizona, October
6. 1917.
Notice is hereby given that Julius
a. Haase, .of Hereford, Arizona, who,!
n March 4, 1914, made homestead en-j
jy. No. 024529 for SE1-4 Section 19,
Tow nship 23S, Range 22E., G. & S. R.
3. & Meridian, has filed notice of in-
.ention to make three year proof, to es-j
I
.ablish claim to the land above de- Ka- rT X, o I 1, mTL.
,cribed. before J. D. Taylor, U. S. Com-! SJ-, jSr&Xgl
mssioner, at Bisbee, Anaona, on the Cbairaan Relief Com. Phone 16L
20th day of November. 1917. I '
Claimant names as witnesses:
Herman Haase, Samuel C. Giles.
Leslie Wilcox, Frank C. Cobbe, all of
Hereford. Arizona.
J. L IRVIN.
Register.
First Publication. October 16, 1917
Last Publication. November 21. 1917.
-t-
-!-
Notices
WEEK ENDING NOV. 17. 1917.
Monday.
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
N. a BLEDSOE, W. M.
a T. WATKINS, Secy. F. A. If.
A. M. COLWELL, E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. L H.
J. E. FRY. E. C.
F S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chapter
and CommaAdery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council.
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No.
462 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medigo
Tich HalL Vlaib.
Ing members cordially invited.
PHIL. DAVIS, President
MRS. C. E. riNOTTL Treasurer.
Dox 722. Tel. 236, Red.
KATHERLVE SALHOLM, Secretary.
LODGE NO. en.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting- brothers
cordially Invited to attend.
R E. WARNER, Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY. Secretary.
PYTHIAN 8ISTERS.
' Lily Temple. No. Sjneeta every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of eaca
month at Odd Fellows' HalL . Visiting
sisters are cordially Invited.
ANNA HART. M. E. C
JEANET SWEENEY. M. of B. C
WOODMEN CIRCLE.
Meets in Medigovich Hall 2nd and
4th Fridays of each month,
HATTTE A. LUKE, Guardian.
PAUUNE F. BROWN, aera.
P- - 801 21-
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECUR
ITY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115
Meets every Second and Fourth Sat
urdays in the month at L O. O. F.
hall, 7:30 p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID. President, P. a
Box 3483, Lowell. Aria.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary, Lowell.
g. LINDQUIST.
Fiaaaci! ScrUry P O Bus S244.
LoweU.
BISBEE LODGE, No. 10l I. O. O. F.
- mmm Meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows HalL
Main street at 7:00 p. m. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone lis.
GEO. MUNSEY, N, a
C. D. KDXBY. Secretary.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first and third
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
In Medigovich HalL AU
visiting Red Men Invited
to attend.
Wm. DELB RIDGE, Sachem.
W. D. COHEN, Medicine Man
r. C FENDERSON, C. of R.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 1341k.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows HalL
R. L. MOTZ. Conra
H. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic H"
Pearl Chapter, No. , meets
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday ot eacft
montn 3U P-r
WOODMEN OF THE W01LD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy HalL.
,11. C. LANDAU. C. C.
O. a THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
Bv C A. VOir.ur
mi SIX . '!.. g-assjs-flf Tl IE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 11. 1917. ' " "
Special Demonstration and
e of the
Sal
(GREAT
MAJES
TIC R
For One Week Only, Commencing Monday, November 12, at 9 a.m.
The Range With a Reputation
Hot Coffee and Cake Served
FREE Every Afternoon
PROFESSOR
STARK
The Professor will be de
lighted to answer any and
all questions pertaining to
the art of cooking and to
thosewho call in the fore
noon he will gladly give
any recipes desired. He
will be on the platform at
9:00 a. m. every day in
the interest of our dem
Dnstration. Don't hesitate
to ask questions. They
will all be cheerfully ans
wered. Domestic Science
Pupils cordially invited.
Bring pencil and pab to
take down the recipes as
the Professor calls tliem
off. '
Keep This Date in Your Mind's Eye!
BRING YOUR NEIGHBOR WITH YOD
V-
During this week we will have a special demonstrater from the Majestic
Factory to explain how the Majestic is made and why it is absolutely the
best range; why it lasts longer and cuts down repair expenses", why it
bakes bread evenly, top, sides and bottom without turning; why it use3
so little fuel and saves food waste. H2 will explain its labor saving' con
struction and why it heats an abundance of water good and hot a migh
ty convenient and useful thing to have a big supply of hot water always
on hand, isn't it?
To buy a rang.i by mail is almost certain U nd in disappointment and loss of money. It
may be "exactly as represented," yrt not be what you thought it was nor what you wanted.
Here you can see every part of the Vaiestir you can know what you are getting b-ffre
you buy. Decide now that you will discontinue using that old. worn-cut range. You will
save money in fuel, repairs and cooking. T.uya Mujestu the range with 25 year"' r"pjta
tion. The demonstrator will answer any iiiiertinn relating to stoves.
Children's Souvenir Day
Tuesday, November 13th, From 3 to 5 P.M.
125 Majestic Aeroplanes FREE
FUN FUN FUN
Boys and girls, old and young, you can have a world of fun with the Majestic Aeroplane. It
is easily made to fly from 10 to 50 feet in the air. You will all want one. Don't fail to gpt
yours. The first 125 boys and girls who present to the Majestic Range Salesman, at our
store, between 3 and 5 p. m. on Tuesday, wr.'tten answers to the following questions will re
ceive one of these aeroplanes free.
1. What if the name of your mother's range and how Icng has it been, in use?
2. Give names of any persons you know needing a new range.
3 Why Is the Majestic known as the Range with a reputation? i
4 What is your age?
5 When is your birthday?
riifeJci dm
ml
S
'J
$1.00 Article FREE
The boy or girl giving the neatest and bet answer to the third question may select any
$1.00 article from our stock in addition to the souvenir.
A Prize for Everybody
This $8.00 Set of Granite and
Copper Ware FREE
As a special inducement during our demonstration week only, we will
give with every Majestic sold, one handsome set of kitchen ware as
illustrated. Every piece is the finest of its kind and the entire set
cannot be purchased for less than $8.00. The price of the Majestic
remains the same as always and the quality of the stove is the same.
This kitchen ware is an out and out present. See it at our store.
Everybody Welcome
Even though you do not want to buy a new range right now, it will
be worth your while to attend this demonstration and know all about
the Majestic Range. You are placed under no obligations to buy.
Don't be discouraged if you are not one of the 125 to get an aeroplane. You will receive
a Majestic Puzzle Card that will afford you many hours' amusement. Re sure to have your
answers ready to Jiand in at our store Tuesday afternoon, between 3 and 5. They must be
written if you wish to receive a souvenir or prize.
Daily Program
PROGRAM FOR TUESDAY
Lecture on Cake Making, Mixing, Flours
to us, tneci oi Aiuiuue on vane .MaKini;, J ;
Demonstrations and Recipes for Italian i i
spice Lake. ;
Chocolate Fruit Cake
Polcutia a la Italian '
Nut Spice Cake 5
Chocolate Nougat Cake ;
Macaroni a la Milanaise
PROGRAM FOR WEDNESDAY
Majestic Walking Cake
A 6-layer cake, 18x19 inches, weighing 2S
pounds. When completed at 3:30 p. m. Wed- J
two 12-foot planks will be placed across the j
cake, when 25 ladies will all step on the '
planks at a given word and mash it per-i
fectly flat. In 5 to S minutes it will raise
to its original height and then be cut and
served to all present. Ladies, don't fail to
see this and learn the advantages of. the
Majestic Range Air-Tight Oven. Lecture
on Cake Work from 2 to 3 p. m.
PROGRAM FOR THURSDAY
Recipes for and Demonstration of
Japanese Nut Cake (
Bermuda Ginger Cake
Jelly Rolls Spice Drops
Chocolate Layer Cake
Orange Cake
Butter Sponge Cake
Angel Cake
PROGRAM FOR FRIDAY
This will be devoted to Yeast Making,
Bread and Bread Making, demonstrating the
short process of making good bread in four
hours from the time you set your sponge.
PROGRAM FOR SATURDAY
Lecture en Meat and Meat Work from an
illustrated chart, showing where every cut
of the animal is cut. Don't miss this, as
you will find it very interesting and instructive.
A 6-layer cake, 18x19 inches, weighing 2S pounds. When ccmpleted at 3:30 p. m. Wed
nesday two 12-foot planks will be placed across the cake, when 25 ladies will all steo
on the planks at a given word and mash it perfectly flat. In 5 to 8 minutes it will
raise to its original height and then be cut and served to all present. Ladies, don't fail
to see this and learn the advantages of the Majestic Range Air Tight Oven. Lectures
on Cake Work from 2 to 3 p. m.
Women's Suits
InExcellentShowing
For regular daily wear and business
use, the suit is an important garment.
Its utility for every exigency of tLe
I'.ay is met v'ti a ,'"ii It 'he suit
tlw?ys carries with it an air of new
ness and style ;'.?t appeaH to the
American wonici.
Our showing of Fuits is partieular
ly i. '.casing. Mudi of the be.-t serges,
gabardines, broadcloths, etc., they in
sure good service. Their styles are
of the most recent modes, which fa
vor the tight sleeves, the narrowed
skirt and the high waist line which
gives the wearer that wanted youth-
giving look. Trimmed with large col
lar of Fur, Kerami and Plush. We
are also displaying many youth-giving
models for stout women. Prices
range from
$18.75 to $98
1
11
Fancy New Silks
We are showing a complete line of new Fancy
Silks, in broad Satin and Stripe and Plaid ef
fects in many rich, new Autumn colorings, as
Wisteria and Gold, Myrtle and Marine Blue,
Army Blue and Taupe, and many other new
combinations. These silks are very much in
demand for separate skirts and one-piece frocks
36-inch width, prices range from
$2 to $4 a Yard
You enable the merchant to effect an econo
mic distribution of labor when YOU shop in
the morning hours.
Returned Goods means waste in Men, Mon
ey and Materials. It is YOUR patriotic duty
to return as little as possible.
Very Smart Are These
Wool Jersey Suits
Lovely Wool Jersey Suits, tailored models" with
large patch pockets and belted coats, colors are mil
itary Khaki, Heavier. Ox'cd, Rose, Navy, Emer
ald and Russian Green.
Wool Jersey Dresses
This splendid collection of Wool lersev Dresses is
wondeHuilv good fo- the pi ice, oaly the most de
sirable styles are shown. Beautifully embroidered
in combinations of light and dark colors.
All Women Will Admire
The New Coats
Great assortments are here, in styles and materials
to meet every need, in dressy broadcloths, Bolivjas
and Pompom Cloths for street wear; mixtures,
tweeds and plaids for traveling, the new cylinder
cloth and velour de nord. No matter what your
choice may be, you are sure to find in this collection
jjust the model to please you at a simple little price.
SOjoTOO
Lovely New Blouses
Many new arrivals in exquisitely lovely Crepe de
Chine Blouses in plaited and fancy models, all fresh
from the fashion centers. Blouses make very ex
ceptional Christmas gifts and we would suggest
that you see this line while in its height of complete
ness. Prices range from
$2.95 to $30
Smart Serge Dresses
Serge Dresses were never more popular and prices,
to say the least, are fair; they are out of the ordi
nary. They will wear well and look well to the end
of the season. There is nothing frail or fussy about
them; the value is in the cloth and good tailoring.
All the most popular shades and combinations are
shown, trimmed with fancy silk embroidery and
beads, with a good variety of styles. Some are de
veloped with the new Tuxedo Roll; others are in
straight line effects with drape pocket effects; while
others axe in the late Hickson models. White satin
i '. . ii i re t J
f ana contrasting collars ana cuirs are reaturea.
i Cotton and Wool Serge Dress priced at $7.50
All-wool Serge Dresses. Price range from $15 to $35
Women's Dress Special
) Your fall and winter wardrobe should be built
around your dresses. So it behooves you to select
them with more than the usual care, and to make
sure that they show some of these trifling, yet tre
mendously important, touches that denote them as
out of the commonplace. Lovely satin and Georg
ette combinations, taffeta and tailored serges, with
satin and broadcloth collars, at especially reduced
prices.
Priced at $17.50
Don't Fail to See the Film
The Romance of a Silk Mill
Instructive and Educational
Here Friday, November U, FREE
These Children's Coats
Are Good Now
And for Wear Later On
All the charming velvety and
wooly fabrics that look so well
on children have been male up
for us into delightful coats for
the little ones to wear this fall
and winter.
You will noth-e tha' every one
of these garments is a bit better
than you expected for the nrice
and not only that, it is sen
sibly cut, soundly stitched tnd
carries a certain style in the
cut and ine iian? het every
mother lores. Corduroy, Chin
chilla. Zeberlino. Mixtures, etc.,
are shown in sizes from 2 to 14
years. Prices range from
$4.50 to $25
i
New Arrivals in
Misses' Winter Coats
We have just received and placed on display
a large and varied collection of Winter Coats
for Misses and Small Women, all the best col
ors and materials are displayed. Fur and fur
cloths are the trimmings used, the sizes are 1 5,
1 7 and 1 9. And of course the prices are right.
Furs Make Worthy
Christmas Presents
We are showing an exceptional collection of
beautiful Furs in sets and single pieces, as
Lynx, Black Fox, Cross Fox, Hudson Seal,
etc., any one of which will be welcomed and
will reflect to the credit of the giver.
Red Fox Sets from $25 to $100
Kit Coney Sets from $15 to $40
i
i
I