!
L, I;" I State rl .- ,
I f "V
( 0(!"1' $ v
WEATHER
I.
Arizona: Tuesday and
Wednesday partly clou
dy; not much change in
temperature.
I . miinlLLlfci
V JW-H1 1 I"'
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
BISBEE, ARIZONA, TUESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 2, 1917.
1 IC.-JUI.L1
i-r?ji iinft rir-r nnnnnnr m n 1 11 11 11 1 n i a 1 1 ibii in i iiiimi i i i iinni" 1111 i.mmiii-
THUUbAliUb ott uMtVirDLLL iiiUDUimioJ iniLC nurci dull mwm. mm
LAW INVOKED TO DUST
OFFICE! GOVERNOR
While Hunt's Armed Menial Holds Sway
at State House, Campbell Pleads With
Thousands to Let Law Take Its Course,
Spurning Compromise of Hunt's Hench
men. . PHOENIX, Jan. 1. Arizona presents the seeming para
dox of having two' governors today. Although Thomas E.
Campbell was peacefully inaugurated here today, George .
P. Hunt or his agent still occupies the executive offices in the
state house and continues to resist all efforts to oust him.
Attorneys for Campbell tonight served notice on Hunt
of application for a writ of mandamus, and the matter has
been set for a hearing on Thursday morning. An effort will
be made to establish the identity of a defacto governor before
next Monday when the third state legislature will assemble.
Another development of the night was a proffer from
friends of Hunt of a surrender of the office tomorrow on the
condition that the inspection of ballots be stopped at once and
rh rnntest nrorier be beffun on the discoveries that have been
made so far in the inspection
, ballots. The proffer was rejected by Campbell.
Governor 0r""l-'l !;" :ry hrr. 'f-i'?r? ?J-4rii '-rro
a portico of the state capitol surrounded by friends of both big
political parties. Thousands heard him. Hunt was reported
at his country home which a deputy sheriff, apparently author
ized by him barred the doors of
Repeating his
formal oath or last
Saturday as a preamble. Governor
Campbell plunged at once into the
meat of his Inaugural address, by de
claring that in spite of the bitterness
and opposition with which he had
been met in attempting to qualify for
office, he bore- no political animosity.
He advised against hasty judgement
and ill-advised action. "Today the.
executive branch of the government
is transferred to new keeping,: hut it
is still inthe hands of the people. The
bitterness of defeat and the exulta
tion of triumph should he supplanted
by an ungrudging aeo.uies.ence to the
popular will."
He pledged himself to administer
the office without appeal to class pre
: judice or partisan animosity. The ex
pected outburst against his opponents
did not develop.
Changes in the administration aim
ed at more efficiency with less "po
litical subservience to family ties,"'
were proposed. The speaker touched
on the prosperous condition of the
mining and agricultural regions of
Arizona and then struck into the sub
ject of labor and capital an out
standing issue in the campaign. Con
sidering for the public good involves,
he said, a recognition of the rights
both of capital and labor.
The only reference to the contest
was the statement that the "man who
has to regard the ballot box as a jug
gler's hat has renounced his alle
giance; a party success that
iB
achieved by unfair methods is hurtful
and transitory.'
PHOENIX, Jan. 1. Governor Hunt 1
remained at his country home all of
today. He declined to comment on
the situation nor on the inauguration
of Thomas E. Campbell. He explain-1
ed bis absence from his offices by j
saying that he never visited the state '
house on holidays. He intimated that j
tir.inrrow would find him at his desk j
as usual ready to exercise the func-
tiocs as executive of Arizona.
Recently he stated that the inspec
tors of the ballots so far indicates
that he received a majority over his
opponent and that he la therefore
elected for the ensuing two years and
proposed to serve during that term.
CANADA IS WARLIKE IN
NEW YEAR'S GREETING
OTTAWA, Oct.. Jan. 1 Now Years
greetings In the form of messages ex
pressing the continued Intention of
the Canadian people to remain in the
war until the aims of the entente al
lies have ben realized, weri dis
patched by the government today to
all the allies except those whose New
Year ceres later
of a little more than half the;
the governor s ofhee.
San Diego's Dream
City Closes Gates
and Gayety Forever
(By-Review Leased Wire)
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 1. With th
sounding of taps followed by the ren
dition of "Auld Lang Syne," by Mme.
Ernestine Schumann-Heink before a
vast asseblase at the great outdoor
organ, the Panama-California Exposi
tion passed into history at midnight
tonight after being opened continu
ously to the public for two years.
A sham battle in which soldiers of
the Twenty First U. S. Infantry took
part, was a feature of the day's pro-.
gram, as was an army and navy par -
ade and review.
G. A. avUson, president of the ex-
position, was honored at the reception
In the morning, in which he was pre-
sented with an engraved watch, the ;
gift of the board of directors. Among
speakers at the reception was Hon.
Lyman J. Gage, former secretary of
the treasury.
DENY HAMBURG RIOT.
BERLIN, Jan. 1. (By Wireless) A
report published by the London Ex
press that a thousand persons were
killed or wounded In rfjts in Hamburg
on December 8 and 9. is denied by the
Overseas News Agency, which says:
"At Hamburg this Incident was
absolutely unknown."
OREGON ELEVEN
14 TO 0 ON PASADENA GRIDIRON
(By Review Leased Wire)
oacatyfna rat Jan. 1 Before
. A1
one 01 Br. .
saw a football game on the Pacific
Coast, the gridiron warriors of the
University l Oregon humbled the
eleven of the University of Pennsyl
vania here today by a score of 14 to 0.
During the first half of the game,
both teams resorted constantly to
kicking In. which Berry, the Pennsyl-
vanian. has to the better of his op -
nnnent Tlerlcett and for this
reason
the play was almost continuously In
Oregon's territory. Twice Pennsylva-
nla tried for field goals and failed.
Neither side ran more ; than a few
times with the ball.
With the Pennsylvsnlans within
striking distance of the northwest
erners' goal early in the third period,
Eradication of (Ms Prejudice Is Keynote
SoundedBy Governor Campbell In Inaugural
Addrc, Full of Promise of Fair Dealing
PHOENIX. Jan. 1, 191?. Tom
Camptrll, tlie "man of the Bis
Sombrero," Bounded the keynote
to his administration over the
commonwealth of Arizona here
today in the following address
following his inauguration:
"FELLOW CITIZENS: In your
presence I am about to supple
ment and seal by the oath which
I have taken, the manifestation
or the will of a free people.! in
their exercise of the power of
self-government they have com
mitted to one of their fellow-citizens
a sacred trust, and he here
consecrates himself to their ser
vice. Entering thus closely into
Tom Lawson Goes to Capital
to Disclose Wall Street's
Source of Tips Given by U.
U. Agents.
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
Washington! Jan. . Thomas w.
Lawso. tm-i. errfved' h" to
day, prepared, he said, to testify be
fore any congressional or other com
mittee in relation to any phase of the
stock exchange business.
The alleged "leak" forecasting Presi-
'dent Wilson's note to the European
belligerents, Mr. Lawson said, was but
a small part of- the inside working of
stock exchange., which the federal
authorities had to investigate. '
"I think every phase of sl'ock market
manipulations should be gone into by
a congressional committee or some
other authorized body." he said. "The
stock exchange certainly offers a fer
tile field for investigation. I am in
the game myself and certainly will be
iable to give t'jme interesting testi
mony it it is really desired. I know
any number of men who a year ago did
not have $50,000, but now, as a result
of playing the market, have from $50,
000,000 to $60,000,000 each. This situa
tion alone should warrant investiga
tion." Upon arrival Mr. Lawson had no Im
mediate nlans for getting in touch
wtta congress, except that he arranged
1 10 attend the session tomorrow. He
I said Chairman Henry, or the House
iruies committee, who telegraphed him
to "put up or shut up," regarding the
j reported "leak" would know where to
find him.
CAMPBELL NAMES
FRA2ER SECRETARY.
EL PASO, Jan. 1. Malcon A.
Frazer, general secretary of the
chamber of commerce here, of
fered his resignation tbday. It
was announced here that he was
appointed secretary to Governor
Tom Campbell, of Arizona, and
would go to Phoenix at once.
TRIMS PEIIII. U.
the easterners fumbled and Oregon re-
' covered the ball. Then began a re-
'versal of form that had the thousands
!cneerlng like mad. Oregon began a
j gmashinR attack Jn the Pennsylvania
j center for short, sharp gains which In-
creased in length as the Red and Blue
line began to crumble.
With an occasional forward pass
Oregon forced the ball to the visitors'
twenty yard line without losing It and
S. Huntington tried and failed for
'.field goal
Upon recovering the ball
Oregon again began her march down
,'the field and. without losing it, forced
Tecart over for the first Bcore, which
S. Huntington converted.
The last period was largely a repeti
tion of the third with Tarsons going
over the line following a brilliant 45
yard run. S. Huntington again kicked
the goal.
MAKE MILLIH-IS
I ON "LEAK" ST
WASHINGTON
covenant with each other to Run
port the Constitution of the Unit
ed 'tates and 'the Constitution
and . tws ot the State of Arizona
and 'each pledging to every other
citizen his equnlj civil and politi
cal rights, we my reverently in
voke and wltV? pnfidence expect
the favor an jelp of Almighty
God that He 4 Rive to me wis
dom, couiage ai fidelity, and to
you a spirit of fraternity and a
love of righteousness and con
cord. No Political Animosity
Today the executive branch of
our government Is transferred to
new .keeping. T'-ut this Is still
the government of all the people.
V f '
i
BECOMES GOVERNOR
IN HIS BATH
SANTA FE, N.JM., Jan. 1. "My
chief desire is t be the servant
of the people," sawl E. C. De Baca.
New Mexico's governor, as he
sUAhI, wearing, a bath robe, to
take the oath of 'office at a local
sanitarium today. Chief Justice
R. H. Hanna administered the
oath. 5
Governor De Baca said only a'
few words before again takin? his
seat in an easy chair. He seemed
bright and cheerful and his condl-
tion, it was said, was improving
steadily after his trip from Los
Angeles, where he has been In a
hospital. Other; officials were
sVrn in today without ceremony.
Among those present t Gover-
nor De fiaca's inauguration, per-
haps the first ever held under
Bimilar circumstances, was the
retiring governor, W. M. McDon-
aid, who ran on the same ticket
with De Baca for the lieutenant
governorship which De Baca re-
Iinquished today. '
OF
GUNS FOR
1317
Desperate Preparations Are
Now Underway to Meet the
Gigantic Campaign of En
tente in Early Spring.
(By Review Leased Wire)
BERLIN, Jan. 1. (Wireless to the
A. P.) Many thousand guns per week
is reported to be the measure of the
mighty manufacturing effort which
Germany is now making for the cam
paign jf 1917 an effort upon which
the entire manhood force of the nation
which can be spared from the front is
being concentrated under First Quar
termaster General von Ludendorf
labor service law.
Counting four months before the
pi'obable renewal of the world war In
full vigor tm all fronts, the figures
mean a new immense supply of cannon
of all calibres from field guns up to
the gigantic howitsers, to meet the
admittedly gigantic effort which the
entente allies are expected to make, j
Along with these guns the German
factories are turning out correspond
ingly stupendous quantities of ammuni
tion and tne production ot machin i
guns, each of which virtually replaces
a platoon or men, nas oeen piacea on
a scale far beyond that of th
Dast
l
year.
The campaign of 1917 will be fought
as a wide extension and development
nf the Snmme hattle with even a
heavier concentration of artillery over'
a wider fi'jnt and with lines literally
bristling with machine guns. Confi
dence that their opponents will be un
able to break through is expressed
not only by the high commanders but
also down Into the ranks of the com-
I mnn neonle.
Tn nrnriiire crest masses or war
material thousands 'if skilled men have
been brought and are being brought to the communication President Wil
back from the front and placed in the son addressed to them.
Krupp and other munition factories. Reply to Wilson Soon.
Another development of 1917 is Cable reports from Paris Indicating
(Continued on Page Six) that the entente answer to President
and it should be none the less an
object of their personal interest
and concern. At this time the
animosities of political strife, the
bitterness of defeat and the ex
ultation of triumph should be sup
planted by an ungrudging acqui
escence to the popular will, and
a sober, conscientious concern for
the general public welfare. More
over, if from this hour we cheer
fully and honestly abandon all
partisan prejudice, class animosi
ty and distrust, and determine,
with full confidence in one anoth
er, to work together, the highest
achievements and benefits uader
our form of government can be
(Continued on race 2)
FEAR OF DEFEAT
- "
Crushed Majority Ask Peace,
As Victory Is Hopeless,
Says Gorki Dissension Is
Rapidly Growing.
(By Review Leased Wire)
BERLIN, Jan. 1. Reports of the
recent memorable session of the Rus
sian Duma received here, say the
Overseas News Agency, include a
speech by a member of that body
named Tshenkeli, quoting him as say-
Inx:
"The majority, formed In arbitrary
fashion, reviews against peace In or
der to conceal the fact that the whole
Russian nation and all .' laborers of
Russia desire nothing more ardently-
than peace. The so-called progress-
lva IntrnHo itinn.aslvM in an effort
to separate the government from the
people in order to enslave the nation
to a so-called allied power which to
day is even more hated than all our
enemies together."
Maxim Gorky, the Russian poet, is
quoted by the Overseas News Agency
as saying in a speech at the anniver
sary celebration ot the Association of
Russian Writers, that the future now
is darker for the Russian nation than
ever before, that her military pros
pects are hopeless and that Russia is
facing a winter of famine, privation
and misery.
"Russia sacrificed herself for her
friends and in return has been aban
doned by them," Gorky Is quoted as
declaring. "Wealthy England, which
could alleviate our misery, remains
dull or offers help at conditions which
are shameful and humiliating." The
news agency adds that Gorky predict
ed a further increase In reactionary
tononrfea In RiiMHiA and asserted
- -
"since it is impossible to bring the
r'war to a happy ending it would be bet
ter to terminate it in order to avoid
a peace by grace or taigiana.
RUSSIA
Argentine government has placed lievlng the welfare of the Democratic joint commission will meet here to
nrdor wiih United States Cast Iron nartv and of this state to be above and niorrow to discuss General Carranza'a
Pipe & Foundry Co. for 65.000 tons of
cast iron pipe to cost S3.600.000.
HOPE OF PEACE IS DYING AND
GLOOM PERVADES WHITE HOUSE
(Iiy Review Leased Wire) i Wilson has been prepared and would
WASHINGTON. Jan. 1. -President
. ..I. ...... . . . ii
Wilson laie iuuy w mo -""
. .. ,
and spent an hour discussing me couu-
trv's foreiun affairs with fcenatorj
Stone, chairman of the foreign rela
tions committee. Their talk covered
a wide range but it is understood thatibassy believes that unless the note to
much bf the time was devoted to tne
unfavorable situation growing out of
the entente reply to the peace propos-
als of the central powers. Aside from
transmitting the entente note to Ger-
many and her allies, the United States
will take no further formal action in
... . 1 . .,il ,K,
me peace niuveiut-ui ic.-i uum i"v
entente representatives have replied
DEMOCRATS THREATEN
TO REPUDIATE HUNT AS
STATE BANNER BEARER
Executive's Irregular Efforts to Prevent
Campbell From Taking Office Threat
ens to Put Party In Disrepute and In
spires Democrats to Send Demand to
Hunt For Fair Play.
That George W. P. Hunt, twice the successful standard
bearer of Arizona's predominant Democrary, will be re
pudiated by his party, seems assured- Chairman George J.
Stoneman, of the Democratic state central committee, has sent
a letter to the various members of the committee in which he
recounts the actions of Hunt and infers, without possibility
of mistake, that the once successful leader of the party in the
state has brought that organization into disrepute.
ludffinflr from the letter, and from the opinions of many
Democrats throughout the state, the action of Hunt in the
present matter of seating Governor-elect Thos. EL Campbell,
;s not meeting with the approval of any considerable part of
the membership of the party. Democrats are backing the
action of Chairman Stoneman in his effort to put the Demc-
' cratic party on record as favoring fair play.
I Mi fi rT,Tr,;n or a small nart of it. met in
WW 1 IVlt 1,4 1. " ------ f W
Phoenix some weeks ago, the action of Hunt was endorsed in
his contest. ' No mention, howeer, was made, at the lime, f
endorsing his action in holding the governor's chair by force.
It -would appear that he has lost cast with his fellows through
his actions. '
The letter from Chairman Stoneman, follows:
"Phoenix, Ariz.. Dec. 31. 1916. On
December 13th. the executive com- evinced that its welfare as a party,
mittee, of which you are a- member, i ag wn tne Dest interests jf the
adopted resolutions approving the ac -
tion of Governor Hunt In appealing w
the rnnrtA for a ludicial determination
of definite rules for the proper t'Junt-
Ing of irregularly and improperly
marked ballots and pieagea us am m at tne city of Phoenix, at the north
financial support of the contest in- pariors of the Adams Hotel Ma the
ltlated to the end that the candidate 1 10tn day of January, 1917, at the hour
for governor entitled to be seated un-j0f o'clock for the purpose of de
der the law should take his seat elding whether this committee, repre
"A contest is pending" in the courts, i sentative of the Democratic party.
The courts to which Governor Hunt j snall support the proposed action of
has appealed have expressed the view Governor Hunt,
that by the declaration of the results -ye deenl it vitally Important that
of the canvass of votes, and upon of
ficial returns Mr. Campbell was en
titled to have Issued to him a certi
ficate of election. This being true, the
Issue in the contest is henceforth not
to determine whether Campbell shall
take his seat, but whether having done
so, he shall as a result Dl the termina
tion of the contest now pending, be
entitled to retain his seat No sophis
try or argument can disturb this Is
sue nor can It be affected by the be
lief that the contest will result in
showing Governor Hunt to have the
..,.,, nt imrniiv ,-ast votes.'
UlgUVBb UUiiii:i v. - n
. -The chairman and secretary of the .
Democratic central committee, whose
views are herein expressed, receive the .
support or many memoers ui mo iw
mlttee to whom they have talked, be-
beyond the personal wishes of any of-
'flee holder or candidate and firmly
: be tne same in eueci h iubi. w
' hoiiifforenta did not increase hope here
; -- -
I nutlima fif tha Ultll-
iur . ,
tlons.
Another Year of War.
It is known that the German era-
i president Wilson opens tne uour iur
U further advance by its government,
the war will go on another year at
' least As far as could be learned, the
j president during his visit faday to
Senator Stone sought no action from
Congress relating to the peace move-
however,
it was
niriik min-on..,
. . Aa
learned that administration leaders in
the Senate were preparing to sound
sentiment on a resolution Introduced
before the holidays, which wjuld de-
clare it to be the sense of the Senate
(Continued on Fage 2)
j gtate, is seriously affected by the ex-
!pressed Intention of Governor Hunt to
I rru tha .iirronifur rf hia nffiA In
J Campbell, do hereby call a meeting of
t!ie executive committee, to be held
you be represented at this meeting
either in person or by instructed proxy
and feel sure that yon will not shirk
the responsibility involved. Tours
very truly,
"GEO. J. STONEMAN, Chairman.
"T. T. POWERS. Secretary."
Withdrawal Issue
Again ComesBefore
Joint Commission
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 1. The Amerl-
can members of the Mexican-American
latest communication on the protocol
signed previously ior a settlement ot
t Larder questions and to fix a date and
! place for the meeting of the full com
! mission at which further conferences
! will be held. Sentiment Is known to
be growing in the administration In
favor of withdrawing General Per
shing's expedition in Mexico to the
border and at the same time notifying
the de facto government that further
border trouble will be promptly fol
lowed by more decisive action on the
part of the American forces.
Shells Hit Train
As Americans Flee
Rumanianlnvaders
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. Jan. 2. Seventy flT
American engineers who escaped from
the Rumanian oil fields during the
German invasion have arrived at Got-
temberg. on their way home, according
to tne .vorning l ost i ne engineer
quit the til fields at the last moment
they say, and several persons were
killed when the resr car of their train
"hattered by German artillery fir. TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW.- TUESDAY MORNING, JANU
1.
CONGRESSMEN RETURN
TO MAKE MORE LAWS
(By Review Leased Vt'ire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 1. Members
of congress were returning to Wash
ington tonight from their Christmas
holiday, pr- ,. red to get down ot hard
work on th . '.-euniulation of legisla
tion t!:at liiub-. be dealt with before
adjournment cu March 4.
With railroad legislation and reven
ue deficits confronting them as un
usual issues, the rank and f.le arc de
termine dto labor with a will to clec.r
the way of routine business, particu
larly the appropriation bills, which
must be completed before the actual
revenue needs can be definitely estab
lished. Estimates on all these meas
ures, including especially the extra
heavy ranyr and navy supply bills, are
in hand, giving the house ways and
means committee enough information
upon which to frame revenue legisla
tion. Appropriation measures will, be con
sidered in teh Senate immediately.
The navy bill probably will be the
first taken up while various commit
tees are engaged in paving the way
for consideration of railroad measures,
a corrupt practices bill and other gen
eral legislation. The House, which al
ready has passed five appropriation
bills, still has nine more to work out
and will approach that task vigorously
with night sessions in prespect for the
near future.
Returning members who were re
elected, do not look with favor on the
talk cf an extra session and declare
they are willing to work night and da7
'to avert one. They insist that none
will be necessary unless action by con
gress on the railroad legislation pro
posed by the President should be held
up. Even in that event, all are not
satisfied that the President would call
an extra session for this purpose.
N. Y. GOVE7RNOR'S RETURN
IS BRILLIANT AFFAIR
ALBANY. N. Y, Jan. 21. The most
brilliant setting that has attended the
Induction of a governor in many years
characterized the inauguration of C.
S. Whitman, of New York, today for a
second term as chief magistrate of the
state. The military display was un
usually elaborate and the crowds that
flocked to the capital city were the
largest in a decade. About sixty mem
bers of the assembly and a majority of
the state senators were sworn in today.
NEBRASKAN SLAYS HIS
AFFINITY AND SUICIDES
I INCOLN. Neb., Jan. 1. In a street
crowded with theatre goers, John
Stearns, proprietor cf a restaurant,
tonight shot and instantly killed Mrs.
Nora Nelson, a dressmaker, ar.d then
shot himself, dying in a few moments
The moti' e for the crime is not
known. Stearns was 30 years old and
Mrs. Nelson was about the same age.
BRITT WALLOPS DUFFY
BUFFAU , N. Y., Jan. 1. Jark
fritton df.f- iti"d his title of welter
weight char ,ujn against Jimmy Duf
fy bere th'': afternoon. Just before
the gong in the seventh round Brit
on put Duffy to the floor with a right
toss. Again in the ninth Duffy was
knocked down for a long count. Brit-
ton oue-ger.eralled Duffy altrr the
Lockport lad apparently had the fight
well won.
PNEUMONIA CLAIMS
ARIZONA INFANTRYMAN
ITEMING. N. M.. Jan. 1. Private
Matthew K. Sawyer of Company F
First Aikanr.as Infantry, died at the
base hor.iiiial here today of pneumo
nia. Sawyer enlisted at Hope, Ark.
WIDOW OF IRISH
: LEADER IN U. S. TO
TELL OF UPR1SM(
ft
i m
w
ft
-:'f . - r
'I
4,000,000 PLEDGED
TQ EPISCOPAL CLERGY
NEW YORK, Jan. 1. Success in
obtaining pledges for $4,000,000 to
ward the $5.OOO.0O church pension
fund being raispd for Frotestant Epis
copal clergy and their dependent fam
ilies was announced here, today by
Bishop Wr.i. Lawrence of the New
York fund committee.
"This great sum of money is the
largest the church has ever raised in
such a short time," Bishop Lawrence
said. " "The campaign which began
March 16, 1018, w ill end on March 1
if this year. On that day the entire
$5,OGQ.0O0 must be in hand, otherwise
we are not entitled to keep the four
millions now pledged. We are confi
dent, however, that the extra $1,000,
000 will be raised and that this pen
sion system will be formally estab
lished to provide substantial life an
nuities for aged and disabled clergy
men and the widows and dependent
orphans of deceased clergy."
Mrs. !'. Sh?f-!iy '6.c::.U
Mrs. V. ?hceey Sl.'fiin':t.: ;
c' the Iii.-ii pjirif'Ht loader, v.l.o w;
fhot by a fi ;-i n i,- siti;H fol-.iv .-i ! -7 lh.
recent npi ii;it; in 11 eland, has i-cucr
cti this cnur.lry J;'?;.itc" the -. ';ri:a:i-. ;
of y.vii : h :i;iiJiori;i" :. Mr? Si' ;-i!.ii,.
ton v i!I Ic-ture in ih- L' n it?! S-.t
or, the conoi'.ioHf. in I- clan-l
led to the utilising tnd to li-jr hu.i
band's death.
FAIR DEALING IS
CAMPBELL'S PROMISE
(Continued From Page One)
realized.
Sense of Public Duty
In the discharge of n-.y official
duty I shall endeavor to be guid;
ed by n just and unrestrained con
struction of the Constitution and
the laws of tlje State, and admin
ister those functions especially
assigned to the executive branch
of the government without
thought of fear or favor.
I believe it is the duty of those
serving the people in public plac
es to closely limit public expen
diture to the actual needs of the
State; our rights to extract tri
bute from the earnings of labor
and the property cf the citizen
is based upon the implied con
tract that there must be a full
measure of return for every dol
lar expended.
'Competency the Watchword
The people of this State have de
manded reform in the administration
of government and the application of
sound business principles to public
fffairs.
Our citizens have the right to pro
tection from the incompetency of pub
lic employees who receive appoint
ments and hold their positions
Mirough relationship or as a reward
f partisan service. Consideration
.houhl.be given those who worthily
.seek, employment, having merit and
ability instead of political subservien
cy and family tics.
Those who are selected for a limit
ed tin.e to manage public affairs are
still of the people, and may do much
by their example to promote integri
ty and honest respect for those laws
having to do with the improvenent
?.nd betterment of our social, physi
cal and moral welfare.
0 Prosperity Assured
The coming year bids fair to be the
:uost prosperous in the annals of our
State; wages are good, employment
abundant, and production from the
fields, the ranges, and the ores from
the earth, has materially increased
with a good market at splendid prices
bringing to us unparalled prosperity
and increased population. The mass
es of our people are better fed, colth
ed and housed than ever before. The
facilities for education have been
vastly enlarged and more generally
diffused. The influence ol religion
has been multiplied and strengthened.
Th virtue of t'-ipiperance is held in
Wisher estimation. We have not at
tsiced an ideal condition. Not all our
oeople are h.a'ipy, virtuous and law
abiding, but on the whole, the oppor
tunities ofl'crrd to the individual to
secure the comforts of life are better'
than are found elsewhere. I look
hopefully to a continuance of and ma
terial increase in our prosperity and
the consequent development of our
-manufacturing and mining enterpris
es, linking them with rail transporta
tion to our agricultural districts giv
ing to the whole a potent influence in
:he perfect unification of our people.
Those who have invested their capital
;n thwf. various enterprises, the fiirm
ts w'10 hpve- felt their benefit, and
V.'se who ;vorU in the mine, the shop,
r field, will not fail to lind-und to
defend a community of interest.
I'usincsK and social intercourse Is re
ealing the nccefsary unity of all our
i-o'iiniiiiiiHes mid prompting our pro-
fie to mutual respect and co-opera
lion.-
Labor and Capital
A due n gurd for the interests and
future prospcri'y of all the people and
a full development of our industrial
and mil lira! resomces demand the es
tablishment of correct principles in
our economic laws and a better under
standing between Labor and Capital.
This great problem is charged with
Treat difficulties and one which is of
'lighost Important o to solve on lines
"f common sense and a devotion to
the right. We are living today in an
rvre of federal ion and ctpnbinatioii.
Iti!siiie;,s liM-li find they must work
through corporations, laboring men
find it ii"i-e:sary to woik in federa
tion, and bo! h have become factors of
lodern industrial life. Doth kinds of
fedeiption, capitalistic and labor, Hn
do much good; likewise they can do
much evil, bach must refrain from
(arbitrary or distatorial interference
jwith the rights of others. Organized
capital and organized labor must
know that in the cud each must be
J brought imo hanuor.y wUn liie other
J and the interest of the general pub
lic: and the conduct 01 each must con
form to the fundamental rules of
obedience to the law, of individual
freedom, and of justice and fair deal
ing to all. Every employee, every
wage-worker, must be guaranteed his
liberty and his right to do as he likes
vith his propnty or h;s labor, so long
as he does not infringe upon the
rights of others.
Class Prejudice Injurious
Ii is of utmost importance that em
ployer and employee should endeavor
to appreciate each the viewpoint of
the other and the ultimate disastrous
result if either constantly maintains
an attitude of hostility and distrust.
Class prejudice is more injurious and
destructive to industrial and social
welfare -than sectional, racial or re
ligious animosity. We can get good
government and enjoy prosperity and
contentment only upon condition that
we keep true to the principles upon
which this nation was founded, and
judge each man upon his individual
merits and not as a part of a class. It
should be understood by all that the
only attractive field for business in
vestment, honest labor and a content
ed people is where law is the rule of
conduct and where courts, not mobs,
execute its mandates. So far as the
Constitutional powers of the State re
late to those matters of general and
vital moment to the welfare of the
State, they should be exercised in con
formity with the principles herein set
forth.
Sacredness of the Ballet
Recent events, wherein public se
"urity is threatened, compel me to re
fer to the scarcity of the ballot-box.
The first condition and obligation of
good citizenship is to promote and
demand honorable methods with the
suffrage. The man who has come to
regard the" ballot-box as a juggler's
l'.at has renounced his allegiance. A
rarty success, that is achieved by un
fair methods or by practices that par
take of revolution, is hurtful and tran
sitory, even from a party standpoint.
We should hold our differing opinions
in mutual respect, and, having submit
ted them to the arbitrament of tho
ballot, should accept an adverse
iudgement with the same respect that
ve would have demanded ot our oppo
nents if the decision had been more
in our favor. No political party can
!ong pursue advantage at the expense
if public honor, or by rude and in
lecent methods, without protest and
fatal dissatisfaction in its own body.
Arizona's Heritage
. We, as a people, have a governiikent
worthy of our full respect and affect
ion, a domain magnificent in extent,
XO06 to look upon, a place for happy
homes and full of generous sugges
tions to enterprise and labor. God
ias placed upon our hand a crown of
wonderful sunlight, and has laid at
our feet' wealth beyond calculation.
Let us not forget that w-e take these
;ifts upon the condition that justjee,
and mercy shall hold the reins of
lower, and that our upward progress
in every avenue of hope shall be free
o all the people.
HOPE OF PEACE
BELIEVED DYING
(Continued From Page One)
"the overwhelming public sentiment
and earnest desires 'of the people of
the United States" that peace be
brought about
It was stated emphatically that in
making this move the United States
had no intention of urging neutral na
tions to act, or to set on l'oot a move
ment for an entente of neutral na
tions. In explanation of this point it was
stated that the primary purpose of tht
President's note to the belligerents
was to clear the atmosphere on the
big question relating fo the war and
that in this connection the American
government thought it would be help
ful if the opinion of neutrals' as well
as the belligerents were explained.
It was reiterated that President Wil
son and Secretary Lansing did not
look upon the American note to the
belligerents primarily as a peace not
One reason for interest in actfons of
other neutrals is the realization that
while the United States will act alone
if it finds it necessary later to tnkc
any drastic action In defense of its
rights, the other neutrals also have
suffered seriously. The President be
lieves too, that after the present war
all nations should combine in some
way to minimize the chances of an
other such conflict
Administration officials are admit
tedly concerned over efforts to make
the action of this government appear
as directed against the entente allies
and in favor of the central powers.
They do not think it necessary, how
ever, to make any further explanation.
The state department la keeping in
touch with official sentiment anilmg
the entente allies and the central
powers.
As soon as the reply of thc-cnten'e
Is received. President Wilson is c 1
pet ted to address another coiniiMinierv
lion making clear UiA position, and
probably clearing up some inisconccp
lions which he leels have developed.:
It may be stated that he will not seek '
tj force peace on cither side, but will
continue to insist that the rights of
the Vnited Stales be thoroughly re
spected. 1
Women's Gowns Y"
-
THKSE are just the klud of nights
that makes one reel the need for
warmer sleeping garments and we
are ready with a splendid stock at
reasonable prices. Made of excellent
quality Ouung Flannel in pretty
stripes and plain colors, all sizes at
75c. $1.00. $1.25, $1.50 and $2.00.
THE STORE THAT SERVES YOU BEb'
An Exceptional Opportunity to
of Our Highest Grade Ready-to-Wear Garments at Very Sub
stantial Savings-Including Suits, Coai&Dresses, Furs, Millinery
IT IS OUR DETERMINATION to make the first week of the New Year the most profitable buying days you have
experienced in this popular women's Garment Section.
WONDERFUL Suits Coats Dresses, Furs, Skirts and Millinery and every garment of our remaining stock of
fered to you at very substantial savings. No other garment clearance of the year, except in July, is comparable to this
event in point of value-gmng aid surely no woman with a garment need can afford to ignore such a wonderful buy
ing opportunity.
Tailored and Novelty Suits
Newest Models, Desirable Fabrics & Colors
Regular Prices
MIND, you please not "Half-price
Suits" but T'ifc Fair Store Suits at half
regular prices there's all the difference
in the world.-
SUITS that are simply astonishing in
style and value Plain Tailored. Norfolk
A I LE:iSS32S3a22ae2ia and Belted ideas in youthful lines
ryv JrfrCy Some with-large collar and cuffs with in-
rfi- y . ;;.y of velvet; others with bands of Fur.
SUITS OF BROADCLOTH, serge, wool poplin, gaberdine la black, brow.i navy, green, plum and
mahogany; sizes from 16 misses' to 4i women's Exceptional suits in every sense of the word at
txaciiy half regular prices. g
$25.00 SUITS NOW
$27.50 SUITS NOV.
$32.50 SUITS NOW
$33.00 SUITS NOW
IS F .
VM M H
6
ITT
i- w - v?
.$12.50 $39.50 SUITS NOW.
.$13.75 $42.50 SUITS NOW.
.$16.23 $45.00 SUITS NOW.
..$17.50 $50.00 SUITS NOW.
.$10.75
.$21.25
.$22.50
.$25.00
Furs Reduced to HALF. PRICE
THIS IS THE BIG annual money-saving Fur Sa'.e that many of Disbce's thoughtful tvomen wait for
each year. We conduct such a sale only once every twelve tuctuhs a rtraight-forward, legitimate
clearance of the season's remaining stock.
Prices are cut in. two in accordar.ee with our Ion? established policy of not carrying Furs over from
one season to another. We r.uote cniy cne price, and that the lewest out" prices are always plainly
marked and attached to every Fur piece, when there are a.iy concessions made it is in the form of a
sale and everyone given the privilege cf sharing the savings.
i- -vj- ya
.are r-wJ--v
Regular $15.00 Fur Sets Fcr.
Regular $18.50 Fur Sets For.
Regular $25.00 Fur Sets For .
Regular $35.00 Fur Sets For.
SI
. .$7.50 Regular $-45.00 Fur Sets For.
. .$9.25 Regular $50.00 Far Sets For.
. $12.50 Reguhr $65.00 Fur Sets For .
.$17.50 Reguar $75.00 Fur Sets For.
.$22.5C
.$25.00
.$32.50
.$37.50
r.
V s'V t
Luxurious, Warm Winter Coats
J I !$
Regular Prices
i wi.',II.-.ti
SUCH handsome, stylish and altogether
desirable Coats, that it would make their
manufacturer wonder, could he see them at
their new prices, so much below their real
worth and what he intended they should
sell for and which the strict merit of the
coats ought to demand even at this period
of the season.
A- i - Coats of Pebble Cheviot, broadciotn.
Serge. Zihelines. Polivias, Plushes and Mixtures. Plaid.i and Novelties. Whatever need you may have for a
coal, you will find one here exa-tly adapted to your requirements at, a saving of ONE-FOURTH less than
regular prices.
$15.00 Coats, Sale Price. . .
$18.50 Coats, Sale Price. . .
$20.00 Coats, Sale Price . . ,
$22.50 Coats, Sale Price. . .
.$11.25
.$13.85
.$15.00
.$16.85
$25.00 Coats, Sale Price $18.75
$29.50 Coats, Sale Price $22.15
$35.00 Coats, Sale Price $26.25
$39.50 Coats, Sale Price $29.65
mm
Worth While Savings on Dresses
Styles for Street, Afternoon and Evening Wear
-DRKSSES iJ'al are simply wt nderful in style, design, material and making. Clever, well-tailored street
dresses of Sorgo some smartly braided in contrasting colors, others finished with wool embroidery
with novel pocket and sash itlc is. Russian Blouse and basque styles in green, brcwu. navy and black.
Then there are charming dr sses for street or afternoon wear of Charmeuse. Soft Taffeta and Crepe
lc Chine, in fashionable colors. Perfectly beautiful styles adapted for evening wear o: various materials
and combinations, with trimmings of fur, bead embroidery, buttons and sashes. Make your selection at a
reduction cf ONK-FOURTH less than regular prices.
3
$15.00 Dresses Reduced to $9.95
$18.50 Dresses Reduced to $13.85
$20.00 Dresses Reduced to $15.00
$25.00 Dresses Reduced to $18.75
$22.50 Dresses Reduced to $16.S5
$29.50 Dresses Reduced to $22.15
$35.00 Dresses Reduced to $26.25
$39.50 Dresses Reduced to $29.65
Regular Prices of
Children's & Girls9 Coats
-Clill.l REN'S and Girls' Coats of Zibdincs. Cheviots. Broad-
Phi!,hes. Mixtures. Plaidb and Checks, l.oou laDrus
.tt: v.... t,nir little u-p-ir,ir4 whmti antl i-omlortauie.
".are sk rt styles, belted and semi-bclted; iiigh necks or coat
collars; some trimmed with velvet, others wun iur or piusti
All waniod colors, at a reduction of ONE-THIRD.
cloth.
that
CHILDREN S $3.95 COATS
CHILDREN'S $4.95 COATS....
SKIRTS
-$2.
.$3.
CHILDREN'S
CHILDREN'S
$6.50
$7.50
COATS $U4 CHILDREN'S $10.00 COATS $6.70
COATS $5.00 CHILDREN'S $12.00 COATS 8.00
One-Third Off
Regular Prices
The j-eason's smartest models arc included, in a wide
rjnge ol fashionable materials and colors. Skirts of hnc
iWxf,o. Wool Poplin. Soft Taffeta. Velvet. Satili, Plaids.
Chocks Mid unusual Novelty fabrics
fell? '
iJUL i.
$ 7.50 SKIRTS FOR. $5.00
$IO.C.O SKIRTS FOR $6.70
$12.50 SKIRTS FOR $8.35
$15.00 SKIRTS FOR $10.00
' ii. I r A
$20.00 SKIRTS FOR $13,35
$1'5.00 SKIRTS FOR $16.65
Amazing Values in Winter Millinery
A SAIJ-; OF Winter Milltr.ciy which turns values upside down and inside out. The new prices that reign are
uhuyxt incredible lui an jiivcstig ition will convince you that no exaggerations have been made in this an-
notiiifcmeiil. Tl.c rciut itnns ate ; o grc:il tnul o are tonipelleu to pruiuoii any cxcliangcs on wese
.w-a1. WOMEN'S SVEATERS
.$!.!.. Women's $it.0i Sweaters ?4.r.l
l irge. Women's $7..r. Sweaters $."."3
hlacu Women's JS.50 fc-weatcrs $6. "5
,$l.r Women's $10.00 Sweaters $7.50
$:;.!). and ft !.' Iluis Tor
t".or up to .v."0 Hats for
$1000 to $l,-..t't Hals for
UNTRI.VMKl) SHAPES, in
medium and small models,
and colors, choice for
Flannelette Kimonos
$1.2.1 Flannelette Kimonos 93o
$1.50 Flannelette Kimonos. .. .$1.13
$2.00 Flannelette Kimonos $1.50
$2.50 Flannelette Kimcnos $1.90 THE BISBEE DAJLY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 2, 1917.
THREE
mm
ILE
E
V7QN BY DOUGLAS BY 20 FEET
Sprinting the 2." miles In two hours
and fifteen minutes,, the Douglas Y.
M. C. A. marathon team snatched vic
tory from the Bisbee racers yesterday
morning when Henry Lafevre, the
Smelter City's last man, overtook
Theo Daglish of Bisbee in the last 100
yards of the race and swept forward
to first place 20 feet ahead of his Bis
bee opponent. The spectacular finish
brought to end the greatest marathon
once ever held in Arizona, run through
blocks and blocks of excited specta
tors who admonished on their favor
ites in a frenzy of excitement.
A banquet followed to the two hun
dred bo-9 who participated in the
I race, when the message of greeting
! from Mayor Adamson of IVmglas was
' delivered to Mayor I. C. E. Adams of
j Bisbee by Young Lrfevre.
I From the start at the Douglas "Y"
' steps at 10:30, when Captain Hodg-
son's pistol set the two hundred ath
letes in motion, until the final gun at
Bisbee at 12:45, the bare-legged li'tle
youngsters of both cities tore through
the wintry air, two streaks of red
blooded animation, making , time
which was deemed almost Impossible.
The Bisbee boys took the lead-from
the start and passed it on to each
succeeding runner at quarter ' mile
posts for over twenty miles and Mill
retained it by a bare margin unt
within sight of victory, only to ha
it switched from them in the final !
spurt. At times 11k Bisbee boys led
by nearly a mile, but their best men j
failed to enter the race at the last j
moment, substitutes were impressed,
and the substitutes failed to hold the
lead.
At the bnnquel'the hearts and stom-
:" . RUBIEN PICKS
ALL-AMERICAN
ATHLETIC TEAM
(By Review I.vased Wire)
NEW YORK. -Ian. 1. Following the
SUPREME BASEBALL
LEAGUERS RALLY
achs of the two hundred youngsters )clIstom wnil.n lae late James E. Sul-
' V
:
x Somebody tells the story of
the man who tried to save
money on an ocean trip by
eating crackers and fruit three
times a day and dodging the
ship's restaurant
At the end of four days he
could stand it no longer.
"I'll die if I can't get a taste of roast
beef," he said.
Five minutes later: "Steward, I'd
like a hot roast beef sandwich and a
pot of tea. How much will that be?"
He fainted! "Why, sah, this eight
course dinner is included in the cost
of your ticket! "
Some smokers who aren't smoking
the OWL Cigar are missing a good
thing in just the same way. We
wonder if they know how much real
smoke-satisfaction there is in theOWL.
The Million
Dollar Cigar
mm
M. A. GUNST & CO. .
INCORPORATED
TODAY
OILMAN'S
Dollar
Window
TODAY
HUNDREDS OF BIG BARGAINS.
BE ON HAND EARLY.
were made gl:id by much fine food and
line speeches, and by the announce
ment that the event is to be made an
annual one.
The dinner was presided over by
Arthur Xotnian, president of the Bis
bee Association, who,, with Mayor
Adams, addressed the diners. The
message from Mayor Adamson of
Douglas to Mayor Adams of Bisbee.
as read to the banqueters; is as fol
lows: :'Mr. I. C. R. Adams,
Mayor, City of Bisbee. Arizona.
Honorable, and Dear Sir:
It is with great pleasure I send you
erecting today, in which all mem
Vers of the Young Men's Christian
Association, also citizens of Douglas,
'inlte in wishing you and the members
of the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation, and citizens of Bisbee. "A
Very Happy and .Prosperous year for
1917."
The occasion which brings the boys
of each city together in friendly con
test, is a unique and pleasant one,
and may it be the means of bringing
the citizens of both towns closer to
gether as neighbors and friends.
Cordially yours,
W. M. ADAMSON ,
Mayor, City of Douglas."
STELLAR FIGHTERS
DO BATTLE UPON
NEW YEAR'S DAY
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 1. Sam Lang
ford of Boston, was awarded a refer
ee's decision over Jim Johnson of
New York, at the end of a 12-round
bout here this afternoon. The men
are negro heavyweights.
BURNS TOO CLASSY
ALBANY, N. Y.. Jan. 1. Frankle
Burns of Jersey City, outfought Pal
Moore of Memphis in five rounds of
a 10-round battle here today. Moore
won three rounds by a shade and two
were even.
DILLON
DAYTON,
BEATS MOHA
1. Jack Dillon
O., Jan
won th popular decision on points
in his J5-round bout here this after
noon with Bob Molia of Milwaukee.
, Five of the rounds easily were Dill-
en's, three going: to Moha on clever
j punches. The others were even. Dil
i 'm's agaressive fighting won the bat
: tie.
I
WHITE SCORES K. O.
ROCHESTER, N. Y.. Jan. 1. Char
I if- White of Chicago knocked out
; Ila-ry Donahue of Peoria, Ills., in the
! !-irth round of a 10-rouud match here
;' is afternoon.
SMITH OUTPOINTS MANTELL
BALTIMORE. Jan.. 1. Jeff Smith,
middleweight cha-rpion pugilist of
Europe, won a 15-round bout on points
here today from Frank Mantell of
Dayton, Ohio.
GATES OF MOSCOW LOCKED,
BERLIN. Jan. 1. (By Wireless)
The military commander of Moscow
has closed that city to refugees, says
the Overseas 'News Agency, which
adds that the city is cowded with
people from Rumania, Odessa and all
livan est 'blished, F. W. Rubien. secre
tary of the Amateur Athletic I'nion.
has selected all-American track and
field teams from among the A. A. V.
college and scholastic stars for the
season of 1916. Every section of the
country is represented andv the list
furnishes an indication of the increase
of proficiency among all classes of
competitors Secretary Rubien com
ments in part as follows:
"In selecting an ail-American team,
no double selections were made, one
man being chosen for each event. The
list includes the backbone of the team
which would have represented this
country in the 1916 Olympic games
had they ben held at Berlin as sche
duled. One of the most difficult posi
tions to select Is the head of the list
for the sprints. My selections are
l-ootnis for the 10 and Ward for the
L'OO yards. Ward was the sprinting
sensation of the year, winning both
the 100 and 220 at the national cham
pionship. Loomis proved to be the
fastest indoor sprinter, winning the
national championship at 60 yards in
the record time of 6:2-5 seconds. Dur
ing the summer his jumping slowed
him a trifle, but he defeated Ward in
every race in Sweden and Norway.
"J. E. Meredith created world's rec
ords for tbe quarter and a half mile,
but had worthy opponents in E. C.
Riley, B. Dismond and T. J, Halpin In
the 440, and ' W. J. Bingham. Don
Scott, L. Scudder and L. V. Windnagle
in the 880. Meredith is scheduled for
the quarter and Scott for the half.
Scott is a wonderful runner, running
the intercollegiate conference and na
tional half miles, and Is comparatively
a beginner. . ,
"The final heat or the 120 yards
high hurdles at the national cham
pionship btOught the four best hurdlers
in the world together and they can be
ranked as they finished: Robert Simp
son, first; F. W. Kelly, second; Earl
Thompson, third, and Fred Murray,
fourth. Simpson's hurdling was the
sensation of the ,year ind his world's
record of 14 3-5 second in remark
able performance. Fred Murray was
easily the best 220-yard low hurdler.
The 440 yard hurdles gOes to A. W.
Hummell, although W. P. Meaniz is
close up.
"The team is undoubtedly the strong
est track and field team American has
ever produced and shows the great
progress being made for every section
of this great country is represented."
STRANGLER" LEWIS AND
SANTEL WRESTLE TODAY.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. l.--"Stran,-
ler" Lewis, of Kentucky, will have llu
advantage of appioNiinaiel) f.irty
! pounds in weight over Ad Santel.
(By Review Leased Wire) i Pacific Coast heavyweight champion
CINCINNATI. Jan. 1. Baseball men wresne. wnen me meet u rm
from almost every part of the country .nifcht in a return match here,
beean Catherine here tonight lor the ; weighs isr. pounds.
annual meeting of the nat'ma! ha.seball
commission tomorrow. While the com-
Santel
GENERAL HAYES DIES.
VERONA. N. J.. Jan. 1 General Ed
ward Lewis Hayes, a cousin of former
President Rutherford B. Hayes, and at
one time governor of North Carolina,
died at his home here today. He was
97 years old. Last Friday-night he
suffered an attack of indigestion and
grew steadily worse. '
General Hayes was a prominent Re
publican and was' a delegate to the
convention, which named Abraham
Lincoln for the Presidency. He served
thrpugohut 1 the Civil War, entering
the service as a major in the 100th
Ohio Volunteers. He was promoted
to colonel of the regiment and later
hecame a brigadier general. He took
part in thirty battles, although he was
prisoner in Libby Prison for eleven
months. During the reconstruction
period he was governor of North Caro
lina for; about nine months. ' Alter the
war General Hayes entered the com
mission business in New' York City,
mission meeting has been called for
10 a. in., it is highly probable that it
will be hours later before the supreme
court of baseball really begins it work.
In as much as there has been a spe
cial meeting called of the dub Owners
of the three class AA leagues, which
has an indicated object the adoption i champion of the world.
of a suitable resolution for presenta-1
tion to the commission, asking that Chicago dispatch say that rumor
the drafting of players from class AA 'is current in whent circles that a fleet
leagues be abolished. inf foreeign mercantile shi;s, convoy-
While nothing Official has been an- .j by waiships, is on its way to Cln-
The men will wrestle for the best
two falls out or three Willi a time
limit of two and one half hours. In
the event thiTe is no fall a decision
will be rendered by t It"- referee on
points.
The winner of the bout will meet
Joe Steelier, of Nebraska, here Febru
ary 22. for the title of heavyweight
nounced by the commission as to how
it will look upon this demand, it was
unofficially indicated by President
Johnson of the American league that
the request would be denied.
That the class AA leagues men in
tend to press the matter with energy
is indicated by the special meeting
called for tomorrow and while any
club president of the American Asso
ciation and the International league
is expected here, it is hardly probable
that the Pacific Coast league will be
represented by more than one man.
- It is likewise probable that a large
number of the major leagues magnates
will be in attendance, as a large num
ber of matter that have to do with the
relation between the major and minor j
league clubs are believed to be On the j
list of matters to be considered by '
the commission.
The election of officers for the com
mission also will he held but it has be-
caao to load with wheat for nllies.
rure
Sweet
Cider
Gallon
Arizona Junk Co.
We buy all kinds of Junk,
Phone 690.
O. K. LIVERY and
UNDERTAKING CO.
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
J. 0. Angius
Pure Food Grocery
Phone 29
If you have not yet received
come an assured fact during the last Home Insurance Compa
week that both Chairman August Herr- J"-"" r-
please
mann and Secretary John E. Eru.: y. j as usuaJ
would be re-elected the announcement J, .
from Chicago that President JOhnson ' ,1 Qr semJ nQte b
of the American league, has stated J
that he saw no reason to make a
change, putting an end to numerous
rumors of the past six months that
the commission would have a - new
head in the person of some one not
affiliated with either major league.
one
the children,'
The
C -ii ,n- urn r
V Bevan of eeamtnfrii .
ofj r-
Have the
BRITISH 10 HELP
RUSSIA REALIZE
I. W.Wallace
parts of southern Russia. Rumanian
refugees, the agency says, will, in the but retired about eight years aga be
future, be sent to Siberia, cause of failing health.
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON, Jan.' 1. Sir George Bu
chanan, British ambassador to Russia. ' .
presiding at the annual dinner of the j
English Club last night, said in part.
according to a Reuter dispatch lrom
Petrograd :
"Between us and Germany a gulf
is fixed, red with the blood of peace
ful non-combatants. We cannot grasp
her hand again until the armies of
Germany have been defeated and the
spirit of militarism permeating the na
tion exorcised.
"The British government, when first
approached on the subject of Constan-
uuuyie uiiu me airaus vaiiy 111 mt
spring of 1915, immediately expressed
its whole hearted assent. We want
J to see Russia largely compensated for
all her services and sacrilices; we
want to help her to the prize she has
so long dreamed of; we want to see
her strong and prosperous and we
want to see the alliance which this !
war has cemented, for upon its main
tenance depends the future peace of
the world. This is the cornerstone of
our policy." .
Sir George said that Great Britain
during the war has advanced n.Ore I
than 600,000,000 pounds sterling to
her allies for the purchase of war ma
terial, besides the material she sup
plied direct.
Agency
CITY PARK TAILORS
make your next suit 3000 pat
terns to pick from. Under new
city park, Bisbee.
TJEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
Our Want Adds Bring Results
THIS HAT SHOULD BE SPRING FAVORITE
i
Watkins & Bergquist
JEWELERS AND OPTICIANS .
Quality Goods at
REASONABLE PRICES.
Expert Watch and Jewelry Repairing.
t
.r"i
.."-'.'rs-ir jrinnntUB
The HALLMARK Store
MOTHER! YOUR CHILD
IS CROSS, FEVERISH,
FROM CONSTIPATION
If tongue is coated, breath bad,
stomach sour, clean
liver and bowels.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best ot everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 50c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $35;
$9 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
Lovely lingerie Smolin "bluebird" model of pale lavenucr embrumered
batiste with wide streamers of pale pink and lavender moire ribbon cauht
at the side of the crown with a large pink rose. The hat is a Leauty and
without a doubt will be a popular favorite during the spring season.
! ; Give "California Syrup of Figs" at
Once a teaspoonful today often saves
a sick child tomorrow.
If your little one is out-of-sorts, half
sick, isn't resting, eating and acting
naturally look. Mother! see if tongue
is coated. This is a sure sign that its
little stomach, liver and bowels are
clogged with waste. When cross, irri
table, feverish, stomach sour, breath
bad or has stomach-ache, diarrhoea,
sore throat, full of cold, give a tea
spoonful of "California Syrup of Figs,"
and in a few hours all the constipated
poison, undigested food and sour bile
gently moves out of its little bowels
without griping, and you have a well,
playing child again.
Mothers can rest easy after giving
this harmless "fruit laxative," because
it never fails to cleanse the little one's
liver and bowels and sweeten the
stomach and they dearly love its
pleasant taste. Full directions for
babies, children of all ages and for
grown-ups printed on each bottle. 1
Beware of counterfeit fig syrups.
Ask your druggist for a 50-cent bottle
of "California Syrup of Figs;" then
see that it is made by the "California
Fig Syrup Company." (Advertisement)
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER .
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co...
Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
Logan & Bryan. New York and Chicago.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COFPER STOCK.
5-11
it.;..;-?;--3i
, ml I
BRICK OF ALL GRADES AND
KINDS
and in any quantity, delivered as
you want it. Builders will find
it to their interest to get our
figures before making estimates
and bids, because they will be
sure to get bottom prices; and
when we say bottom prices we
mean prices that are lower than
you can get anywhere else.
Bisbee Lumber Company, inc
EMIL MARKS. Mgr.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE 25. . i
FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 2, 1917.
-. i
.1
:4
Published Every Day Except Monday by the
State Consolidated Publishing Company
Business Office Phone No. 39.
Branch Connecting All Departments.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matterit Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 3, 1879.
r
Subscription Rates, Payable in Advance:
PER MONTH -"5
THREE MONTHS 2.25
SIX MONTHS 4 00
TWELVE MONTHS 7-50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter 75
Nr Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
PHONE NO. 39.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbee
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department, No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor if any irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger service
applies to Bisbee only.
Tuesday Morning, January 2, 1917.
HUNT UNMASKED.
Anarchy reigns in the high councils of Arizona, but for
a brief space only. A whilom political boss UBing un
scrupulous means, the employment of which furnishes
self-conviction of dishonor and which happily will ac
complish his swift effacement, has temporarily thrown
the administration of State affairs Into confusion, and
dragged the fair name of Arizona in the mire.
Enraged by his inability to flout the laws made to gov
ern all men, George W. P. Hunt has destroyed himself by
an act of impotent fury which was childish in its un
reasonableness and degrading in its effect upon the
author.
Hunt has accomplished that which his critics had
striven hard to attain his own unmasking. He hS oosed
as a respecter of laws. He has proved himself lawless.
He had uttered as his shibboleth the need of bowing
humbly-'to the will of the people." He now says, in
effect: "The people be damned." As between a fair
means of determining the result of the gubernatorial
election, and foul, he deliberately chooses the foul. His
offense is committed against every man, woman and -child
in the State of Arizona, thereby including those who
formerly put faith in his integrity.
Heretofore, incapacity for the high office which form
erly he held was the principle indictmeat brought against
him. Suspicions also were cast on his sincerity. His in
capacity is now established and his faithlessness to Ari
zona, to the party which he espoused openly at least and
to those precepts which make a man a man, disclose hiio
as utterly insincere and wholly untrustworthy.
The action of the Democratic party of Arizona in re
pudiating Hunt as announced by George E. Stoneman,
Chairman of the State Democratic Committee and pub
lished elsewhere in today's Review relieves the party of
some of the humiliation which otherwise would have
clung to it through the renegadi.sm of a former advocate.
The encrmity of Hunt's oflensiveness is best measured
when consideration is had, of the fact that by no course
of reasoning can his locking of the doors of the Executive
chambers and his insult to Governor Campbell be logically
connected with the gubernatorial contest. The situation
would have been different had a certificate of election
been issued to Hunt, either wrongfully or rightfully. In
the absence of a certificate of election, his taking of an
oath of office before a notary public was sheer bumcombe.
The issuance cf a certificate was mandatory before the
next step could be taken, and the oath of office administ
ered. In acting as he did. Hunt necessarily proclaimed his
contempt for Arizona law, and set an example of lawless
ness to the disorderly elements in this State.
Section 78 of the Arizona code makes it a misdemeanor
for any public officer to attempt to exercise the duties of
the office after his successor has been elected and quali
fied. Mr. Campbell was duly proclaimed as elected, by
the proper officials, and was duly qualified to take office
following the issuance to him of a certificate of election
by the Secretary of State. Hunt, on the ether hand ws
never proclaimed as elected, by Uie proper officials, and
failed to qualify for office because lie possessed no cer
tificate of election.
Hunt's advocacy of lawlessness and disorder through
personal endorsement suggests that his program may !h? !
words instead of performing lip-service lor an emanuensis.
We ire told that cur newly-annoiuted Governor believes
in the eradication of class prejudice and the fostering of
real-co-operation between organized capital and organized
labor. These are fair words; words for which Arizona
was hungry, from, such ahigh and potent source. If Gov
ernor Campbell meets with a reasonable degree of success
in accomplishing this lofty purpose, he will have bestow
ed upon Arizona a priceless benefaction. But labor and
capital must uphold him in his mission. If all work wi'li
sincerity of purpoce, the thing can be done. During his
tenure of office, why not stand manfully beside Governor
Campbell, Arizona? Why not eliminate partisan politics
when they interfere with good government and the fram
ing of good laws? Why not all work for the good of all
in Arizona? Governor Campbell promises to set the ex
ample, and here is his covenant:
"Today the executive branch of our government is
transferred to new keeping. But this is still the govern
ment of all the people, and it should be none the less an
object of their personal interest and concern. At this
time the animosities of political strife, the bitterness of
defeat and the exultation of triumph should be supplanted
by an ungrudging acquiescence to the popular will, and a
Bober, conscientious concern for the general public wel
fare. Moreover, if from this hour we cheerfully and hon
estly abandon all partisan prejudice, class animosity ar.d
distrust, and deteimine, with full confidence in one an
other, to work tosether, the highest .achievements and
benefits under our form of government can be realized."
Governor Campbell was not afraid to touch upon CTie
gubernatorial fight. His inaugural address would have
been incomplete without reference to it. We believe that
these following sentiments of his are admirable:
"Recent events, wherein public security is threatened
compel me to refer to the sanctity of the ballot box.' The
first condition and obligation of good citizenship is to
promote and demand "honorable methods with the suffrage.
The man who has come to regard the ballot box as a
juggler's hat has renounced his allegiance. A party suc
cess, that is achieved by unfair methods or by practices
that partake of revolution is hurtful and transitory, even
from a party standpoint. We should hold our differing
opinions in mutual respect, and, having submitted them
to the arbitrament of the ballot, should accept an adverse
judgment with the same respect that we would have de
manded of our opponents if the decision had been more in
our favor. No political party can long pursue advantage
at the expense of public honor, or by rude or indecent
methods, without protest and fatal dissatisfaction in its
own body."
OPPOSITION IH
CONGRESS 10
0. 0. BILLS
M W ANT TO GO TO THE PRETTY LADY"
Ly r:":Nr:::;;nor"F.
GROWS
Compulsory Arbitration Will
Be Fought to Finish Both
by Congressmen and Broth
erhoods of Trainmen.
SAW MILLS AND PAPER (MILLS.
Scientists and experts have been saying a good deal
ebout, t,he big wa:;te of materials arouad lumber mills.
In some places a beginning has been made toward tha
utilization of these valuable waste products. " But noi
nearly enough has been done as yet.
Howard F.. Weiss, director of the forest products
laboratory of the United States government, af'.er a
Thorough inspection of the lumber region and mills of
Alabama, says that that state is losing millions of dollars
every year by ignoring the waste products of the lumber
business. He visited the mill of one of the expert lumber
manufacturers of the state and reports:: "The plant is
the most modern in the country. It is operated upon I he
most approved style, and the very best methods are
employed in all lines.
"Bat despite these facts thete are millions of dollars
worth of products which could be extracted from the
waste materials around the mill." That in a ruoderu
plant, run by the most approved methods!
Mr. Weiss suggests that the greatest immediate op
portunity seems to be for the manufacture of wrapping
paper. There ought to be a paper mill beside every saw
mill in that state. Why not in other states as well, where
t'ie lumber waste is suitable for that purpose? Amer
ican enterprise isn't living up to its boasted efficiency
while it is neglecting such opportunities. y
more charged with menace to Arizona than appears cn
the surface. There may be more tliau the playing of a
"baby act" in his attempted usurpation of' office.. 1 so.
the disgust felt by an overwhelming majority of Arir.t
pans for "a poor loser" or a man who shows the yellow
streak may not serve as preparation for a real danger.
The Commonwealth looks confidently, however, to t lie
courts to lake prompt and positive action. Section 7!t
of the Arizona code makes it an ofTciise punishable by
imprisonment in state's prison for from one In ten years
for a public olliccr to withhold from a duly elected and
qualified successor the records of his ollice.
CAMPBELL'S CLEARNESS.
The message which Governor Campbell delivered in his
inaugural address carries with it a pronii.se of fulfillment
feud an' innate assurance of sincorily refreshing indeed
after Arizona's experience fur tin- past five years. It must,
have been inspiring to the live thousand persons who hail
the advantage of listening to Governor Campbell to Know
that the State possesses a Chief Executive capable of
clothing his policies ami vsurciug his ideals In his ou
KEEFING WARM.
While the East shivers and worries witii coal at nrices
ranging from $7 to $12 per ton. North Dakota, where the
blizzards come from. Is perfectly comfortable in its mind
and pocketbbok. North Dakota has more than 700,000.000
tons of lignite in her instdes, lying near the surface cf
the ground, in great veins from two to fifty feet thick.
North Dakota farmers who can drive their own wagons
to neighboring mines can git this coal for about one dol
lar a ton. Delivered in the city it runs as high as three
dollars. It is figured by the IT. S. Geological Survey to be
about 60 per cent as efficient as the best smokeless bi
tuminous coals of West Virginia. The lignite is soft, but
even the lower grades of it, when made into briquets, cat:
be transported anywhere and used for almost any pur
pose.
Colorado prides itself oa the possession of coal cuougJ)
lo supply the whole world for two or three centuries.
Alcohol is in its infancy as fuel; and now that people are
finding it more desirable to buru it in engines for their
service than to bum it in their bodies for their destrue
tioii. and that new ways of utilizing waste products of
agriculture to make it are constantly being discovered,
it bids fair to usurp the place of coal to a large extent
until something better takes its place.
If poor old Malthus. who was so concerned over his be
lief that the earth could not reed and take tare or its
increasing family, could come back today, lie wvuld find
people pretty cheerful in spite of his gloomy predictions.
Old Mother Kartli has more than one secret up her sleeve.
All she asks of her children is that I hey use their intel
ligence to discover them. Arizona has her coal beds in
Indian lands. Why not arrange in some manner to r -lease
this coaL
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 1. Upon the.
re-conventng of congress tomorrow,
chief interest will center in hearings
before the Senate commerce commit
tee on President Wilson's recommen
dations for legislation to supplement
the Adamson law, which was enacted
to become effective today and the
constitutionality of which is to be
argued in the supreme court next
week.
Representatives of the employes'
brotherhoods, the railroads of the
country and the general public have
been invited to appear before the com
mittee by Chairman Newlands to ex
press their views on the President's
proposals and suggestions that have
been made by members of congress.
The attitude of the brotherhood offi
cials is known to be antagonistic to
the President's recommendation that
congress enact a law which would
make railroad strike unlawful pend
ing a period of investigation of dis
putes by federal authorities. Railroad
employes say- that such a law, mod
eled after the Canadian disputes act.
would mean compulsory arbitration
and involuntary servitude, and that
it would operate as a legal ban on the
right to strike.
An alternative suggestion is ex
pected in the form of a law which
would provide for compulsory inves
tigation of disputes between railroad
managers and their employes but
which would not deny the right to
strike pending the outcome of an in
quiry. Besides the original arbitration and
strike prevention bill which the Pres
ident is urging and which Senator
Newlands champions, the committee
also will have before it a proposal by
Senator Underwood which would give
thi? interstate commerce commission
the right to fix wages and conditions
cf employment of railway workers.
Opposition to the general lesisla
tfve scheme is developing in both
branches of congress, so much so as
to arouse misgivings whether any
thing can be accomplished by March
1. If nothing is done some members
of congress believe that the President
may call an extra session to deal with
the situation.
I
Bombardments and minor engage
ments continue to prevail on all the
fronts except in Rumania, where the
Teutonic allies are keeping' up their
Inroads into the kingdom. The Rus
sians and Rumanians are being stead
ily driven back from the Transylvania
Alps and lower Moldavian region,
their line in the latter district now
resting half way between Uininik
Sarat and Fokshany.
Around Braila, on both sides of the
Danube, the invaders have further
driven in the defenders of the terri
tory. Near Fokshany and thence
southeast to the Danube, Petrograd
reports the Russians and Rumanians
have taken up new positions without
pressure from the Teutonic allies. In
Dobrudja, the invaders, twenty-three
battalions strong, have forced the de
fenders to give ground.
In the Verdun sector east of the
Chamtrettes farm the Germans at
tempted a strong surprise attack
against the French positions but were
repumed. according to Paris. In the
region of Ypres and loos considera
ble artillery activity has prevailed.
On the front in Russia comparative
quiet prevails, while in the Austro
Italhin theatre the usual bombard
ments are in progress. No reports
have been received from the Mace
donian theatre.
HEADS ZIONISTS
MINNEAPOLIS. Jan. 1. Max Shul-"
man of Chicago, was reelected presi
dent of the Knights of Zioti of (he Mid
die West at the closing business ses
sion of the annual convention here to
night. It was voted to change the name
of the organization to Confederated
Zionists Societies of the Middle West.
During the convention nearly $!j.ooii
was placed toward the fund being
raised for the support of the Jewish
colonies In Palestine.
BRITISH ENVOY IS SENT
'UNTO GREEK REVOLTERS
! LONDON. Jan. 1-Earl Grai-vill ,
counsellor of the l'.ritish embassy in
j Paris, lias been appointed repre: enl:
. live of the Kiitish government to ll'c
I provisiona'l government of Eliptlierios
j Vcnizclos al Salouiki, with the title of
! diplomatic agcut.
W '
'-'J
J :
Vi.v ::
A X?
' J V woRii; Xtf -vH 'S
ELECTION CAMPAIGN
CONTRIBUTIONS MAY
BE LIMITED BY BILL
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 1. Campaign
contributions to a national political
committee would be limited to one
and one half cents per capita of the
total population of the .United Slates
in the revised corrupt practices bill
completed tonight by a Senate elec
tions sub-eoinmiuee to be referred to
the full committee tomorrow and
placed before the Spnate Wednesday.
The per capita basis would " limit
contributions to any national cam
paign In a presidential campaign to
approximately $1,500,000. No Individ
ual would be permitted to contribute
more than $3,000 and contributions
by corporations to any campaign fund
vould be prohibited.
Anotlur provision would prohibit
contributions to a national committee
vithin ten of a general election and
-squire a report of contributions and
disturseiiifnta to be filed with the
lerk of the House ten days before
Section. Flection betting and adver
'ising of belting odds would be made
fi lony, and drastic provisions are
reposed with relation to political
dvertisemer.ts in newspapers and
ther publications. The bill provides
hat any persons or corporation with
drawing or threatening to withdraw
advertising from any publication for
se purpose of influencing its views
would be guilty of a misdemeanor.
Further, the measure provides that
io publication, hhall publish gratui
lusiy any political natter during a
-ampuin except that written by its
wn employes, unless the matter is
ligncd by the real name of the author
nd that no political advertising mat
'er intended to influence an election
'.ould be published unless marked
is "paid advertising matter" with ihe
lan.e of the candidate of committee
resenting it attached.
Financial contributions to state and
-ounty political committees also
vould be limited on a per capita pop
llation basis. State committees would
be restricted to five cents per capita
tp to tho first r.iHi.tiOtt inhabitants,
"Tee cents tip to the second 500.000
Mill two cents per capita over the
first million. County committees
would he limited to three cents per
capita for the I'o.OoO, two cents per
capita in excess or L'5.000 to 100.000,
md one tent in excess of Iho.iumi.
With Money
That's the way wealth has been gained ever since the
world started.
Every dollar you deposit at Our Savings Depart
ment is making money for you with the four per cent
interest which this bank allows.
Get your savings account started and MAKE IT
GROW!
Citizens Bank & Trust Company
Main Street
Bisbt Arizona
Will E. McKee, President C. A, McDonald. CaahMr.
C. W. Wolf, Assistant Cashier.
ft
BROTHERHOOD SWITCHMEN
STILL THREATEN STRIKE
BI FFALO. N. V., Jan. 1-11. A. lie
berlilig, international preisdeut of !Jio
Switchmen's I'nion. said tonight that
none i( the switchmen affiliated with
the Brotherhood of Kail.oad Trainmen
had gone on a strike in any ot tho
New York state yards nor in lHtroit.
Toledo, Cleveland, Chicago and St.
Louis. ' "
(There was ' a threat J)f,' striU-'
oiig these , mcu for KVJ Year s
v."; said Mr. tlelx rling. 'They arc
the men who were not included in the
arbitrators' award of the eight hour
day for the switchmen affiliated with
tho utiiou announced on December -j."
mm
DP
ill I i -C,
YOU PLAN WELL
FOR THE NEW YEAR
Prudent is the person who locks ahead and
plans well for the new year who maps
out the course of safety and pursues it.
Your account is invited.
4' i Interest Paid on
Time Deposits.
If yc,'":-fU-
'TP-
5TT-T -
turn v
You've wanted to save in the past but
haven't.
Turn over a new leaf right now and
firmly resolve to make 1917 your saving
year.
Start a Savings Account here with $ 1 0
(or more) and build ii up.
J Bank with us.
V
Y
i
r
1
i
!
M
v.'
t
u.:-'T'-j FIVE
THE PUKE MILE DEPOT MAS "CLASS A" MILK FOR YOU
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DISTRIBUTORS OF MILK, CREAM, BUTTERMILK, BUTTER AND EGGS.
THE BlSBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 2, 1917.
NEW YEAR'S BALL
AT COUNTRY CLUB
IS BRILLIANT ONE
The annual Country club New Year'
dinner dance held on Saturday even
ing was one of the most brilliant af
fairs of the social season.
The clubhouse was tastefully de
corated in red and green, the holiday
colors, and small tables were placed in
the ball room and dining room for the
diners. At seven Vclock a delicious
dinner was 6erved, composed of oyster
soup, celery, olives, turkey, peas, pota
toes, asparagus salad, plum puudin&,
coffee and cheese, Tne music was aa
orchestra made up from the military
band, directed by Mrs. McAleer.
Mr. and Mrs. John Dymock enter
tained Mr. and Mrs. Y. S. Bomlias aiiu
Mrs. Dymock, Sr. Their table wa
beautitully decorated in roses.
The table of Mr. and Mrs. V. A
Schwartz was attractively adorneu
with roses and place cards to niatcn
Covers were laid for Mr. and Mrs. reu
Sutter, Mr. and Mrs. P. M. Buckwaltei
Mr. and Mrs. Olsen. Mr. and Mrs. K
L. Williams.
Captain Taylor entertained for Mis
Tuthill, daughter of Colonel Tuthill, 01
the First Arizona. 'Miss Tutbiil is a
holiday visitor. The guests were Cap-
'ain a.id Mrs. wiueud, Di. and Mrs
Haines. Miss Tuthill, Captain Noble
and Lieutenant Howell.
Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Brophy enter
tained Captain and Mrs. Duke, of
Douglas, Mr. James Brophy, Miss
Helen Flannigan and Captain O'Doh-
nell.
Mr. and Mrs. J. P. H'odgson enter
tained in honor of Messrs. Van Schlau
sen and Meridith, and Mrs. Thomas
Campbell and Miss Campbell, of Mor
enci. A basket of carnations decorat
ed the table. Covers were laid for
Mrs. Campbell, Miss Campbell, Miss
Hodgson, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Julia',
Mrs. Frank Juliff, Mr. Van Schlausen,
Mr. Meridith, Mr. Solms, Mr. Herbert
Hodgson and Mr. and Mrs. Hodgson.
A .merry table was that of Dr. and
Mrs. F. E. Shine, wlfo entertained Mr.
and Mrs. W. H. 'Brophy, Miss Mur
taush. Miss Van Zant, Miss Johnson,
Miss Butler and Miss McDowell, Mr.
Frank Brophy, Dr. George Bridge, Cap
tain Hunt and Lieutenant Rose."" .
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Notman enter
tained Mr. and Mrs. John Mason Ross.
Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Taylor, Mr. and
Mrs. Howard Sterling were the guests
of Mr. George Ochs.
Mr. and Mrs. L. L. Gilman enter
tained Mr. and Mrs. Ross Moon.
Mr. Ruger Hay was host Vo Mr. and
Mrs. Fred Legge and Mr. and Mrs.
Griggs.
Captain Roach, of the Fifth Arizona,
and Mrs. Roach, were guests of Mr.
and Mrs. El C. CapipbelL
Mr. and Mrs. G. B. Knowles, of Doug
las, Mr. and Mrs. J. V. Klein, Miss
Louise Williams and Mr. McManne, of
Douglas, were the guests of Mr. and
Mrs. If. M. Gallagher.
Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Broughton en
tertained Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Curry,
Mrs. Ralph Cadwell, Miss Curry, Mr.
Louise Curry and Lieutenant Hooper.
Mrs. Olsen entertained Dr. and Mrs.
George Craig and Mr. and Mrs. L.
Craig. The table was tastefully de
corated with a basket of violets tied
with tulle.
Mr. and Mrs. R. W. Kearn.s enter
tained Mr. and Mrs. E. E. Whitely ana
Mr. and Mrs Balmforth.
Mr. and Mrs. Gerald Sherman en
tertained a dinner party composing
Miss Lottie McKee, Mr. and Mrs. John
Treu. Mr. Head, Mrs. E. YV. Eeddow.
Captain Helsley and Lieutenant Hess,
of the First Arizona Infantry.
A number of other guests came in
for the dance, including Mr. and Mrs.
T. O. McGrath, Mr. and Mrs. J. C.
Ryan, Lieutenant Ming, Captain James
Ware and Mr. and Mrs. Cromwell.
SOLDIERS RIOT IN "KING OF TENDERLOIN" STOCK CERTIFICATES BILLIE RYAN WINS
ONTARIO AS TOWN IS SAWS THROUGH BARS OF
RENAMED FOR BERLIN CITY JAIL IN DOUGLAS
IN GADSDEN COPPER
BEING DISTRIBUTED
TEXAN SLAYS FATHER
TUCSON TO DOUGLAS OF FRIVOLOUS WIFE
MOTORCYCLE EVENT
DENVER AUTOIST RETURNED
TO FACE MURDER CHARGE
kitchener. Ont.. Jan. l.-Foiiow- Officers Search Frantically Syndicate of Bisbee Men, Who Bisbee Entrant Riding an Ex-
ing a sweeping victory at the polls of
the Citizens' League, formed when the
Without Result for Trace of
! Notnnus Kid Lee. Escaaed
federal 1'risoner.
name of the city was changed fronij
Berlin to Kitchener, with a view of
reverting to the original name, a rict
was started liv the nipn of th llXth
battalion who are on furlough and the,cc' ,0,.,
eu 1U mu ouiiuajr kuu jtrsieiuay iui
With C. & A. Company
Financed Big Company, Re
ceive '1 heir Shares.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 1. Police i
guarded every prominent restaurant ;
and cale here tonight in an effort to :
capture Dan Duracq of El Paso, who I
city is under martial law tonight.
A hundred men of the 122nd, Mus-
Armour & Co. have purchased four
large tanneries near Punxsutawney,
Pa., costing over $4,000,000.
To Kodak
Owners
Wc will be glad to give you ad
vice on how to get the best results
from your kodak. The advice Is
absolutely free and entails no obli
gation on your part.
As a pood many kodaks wore
given as Christmas gifts we cordial
ly invito all beginners to call :it our
studio and have our expert explain
the workings of the kodak.
This is absolutely free.
Dix Studio
BREWERY GULCH.
JAKOB SCHMID BLDG.,
a clue that would lead to the where
abouts of C. C. (Kid) Lee. known as
koka Battalion, stationed at Gait, are tlle -King of the Douglas tenderloin,"
patrolling the streets. When it te j wuo sawed his way 'out of the city jail
came known that the Citizens' League in Douglas early Sunday morning. It
not only had ecelted Alderman David ; is believed that Lee fled acroJ3 the
Gross as mayor, but had carried tha i line immediately after making his
Race Makes Record Time
and Destroys Hoodoo.
City, county and federal officers in Certificates of stock in the Gadsden Billie Ryan, one of the Bisbee en-
Copper company are now being dis-trants in the Tucson-Douglas mot'or
tributtd to the owners of the 300,000 ! cycle speed event and for several years
rAleiAP Wj mi in Km Simnaw thrf;itfnpri In kill hw U'if ami fnalp
...... ... .6 - - ..... -. - soueht throughout the rnuntrv
. year aiiu a nau.
shares which were subscribed for by
the syndicate of six Bisbee men who
are associated witn the C
the impersonation of hard luck in such
races, walked away with the honors
& A. c'Jin-, Sunday with over ten minutes to
Frank Lynn, of Tucson, was
pany in the financing of the most likely spare.
looking copper property in the Jerome i second in the race and William Gard
ner, of Tucson, was third with Frank
Barnett, of Douglas, in fourth place.
Ryan arrived in L'ougias Sunday
afternoon at 1.42:23. His lapsed time
venee on several other negroes wno J -""-
riots c.ra n annoai- a uiitwcuu ai'uirwt eourse the Calumet and Arlznna owns. . twenty four and one fifth second.
him in federal court. Lee was arrest- or ha3 option upon. 700.000 shares, but Lynn arrived in Douglas at 1.5i:39li,
entire slate, the soldiers of the USth : escape.
.'ormed a parade through the streets.! is known as one of the "10St
shouting: "Ae we down-hearted? ! Waie negroe s in the border; and
,..,, .. . . . . 'it was believed at first that before
NO!! Some one attempted to tear,. , , ..
. . leaving Douglas he would exact re-
away a union jacK wnicn one oi ine
j district.
i Bisbee and the Warren District can
take special pride in the fact that the
Gadsden Copper company is practical-
owned ia this community. Of
soldiers was carrying and the
.tarted.
Provost Marshal Osborne of the ed several weeks ago in a raid of the
companion. Duracq telephoned to a
newspaper oft ice and notified it that
he had killed his wife's father, Will
ard Pardee, of Bell Station near here.
Detectives who hurried to Bell Sta
tion found Pardee lying on the floor
of his house with a bullet through his
heart. A man who gave his name Sts '
Charles H. Garnson, a miner, said he
accompanied Duracq to the Pardee
home and heard the argument be
tween Pardee and his son-in-law.
Duracq. according to Garnson, de-!
manded his wife. Pardee insisted I
fhe was not in the house and inform- !
cd Duracq she was at some downtown I
cafe with a companion she had !
known in El Paso,
DENVER. Jan. 1. Harold Kessel
was brought to Denver from Minneap
olis today to face charges in connec
tion with the death of little Nadine
Mann. June 19, 1915, who was run
down by a nautomobile driven br
Kessel. He fled the city and had been
for a
frnmiiiidA!!
I UU" Villi
ilEEuIHIBS FUIYtBlEU
the C. &. A. tympany is practically his lapsed time being three hours,
London district ordered the soldiers to
disperse, but without result, and he at
once sent a call to Gait for a guard,
.'he soldiers raide da newspaper office
And two members of the newly elected
jouncil were Injured. H. N. Bowman
was struck on the head and is in a
serious condition from concussion of
.he brain. X. Asmussen was hit on
the forehead but was not so badly
jurt. The provost marshal ordered tne
men to disperse and declared martial
aw. The hundre draen from TJalt put
in end to the disorder.
Thre Is more Catarrti In this section of
the i-ountry than all other diseases put
together, and until the last few yeara
was supposed to he incurable. For a
great many yeara doctors pronounced It a,
local disease and prescribed local reme
dies, and bv constantly falling to cure
Duracq. said Garn I ' treatment, pronounced It Incur
1 t nh ej Sciem-A has Droven ( utarrn to be
son, became enraged and fired at his j constitutional disea?. and therefore r
fiit-or In.lnw .quires constitutional treatment. Hall's
latter in law. j 1)tarrh Cllre manufactured by F. J.
Following the shooting Duracq tele- I Cheney & Co.. Toledo. Ohio. Is the only
tin3l II UlK'lIill I U1C VII luc iiiainci.
isisnees company, the syndicate of thirty lour minutes, thirty nine and
men who own the balance of the ;0ne half seconds.
stock are all residents of the Warren j Though the road, in places, was in
District, including some of the most : very bad shape, the riders who finished
prominent professional, mining and , made exceptional time. Ryan's ap-
business men in the entire camp.
peurance in Bisbee, leading the list ot
JOHN CARNER, FORTY-NINER,
DIES IN COLORADO
GREELEY, Colo., Jan. 1. John A.
Carner, wealthy pioneer rancher and
business man, died at the home of a
daughter here tonight. He left Illin
ois in 1S49 with an ox team enroute
for California during 'the gold rush.
The train of wagons which he later
joined was destroyed by Indians at
South Pass, Wyoming, and he was the
sole survivor of the caravan. He came
to Colorado in lSt4 and had been
identified with the state's growth ever
since.
Though there have been rumors to entries, was the occasion fDr much ap-
the effect that a block of Gadsden nlause. After checkine in at the sta-
Quo Yadis club in Douglas. Among
the other habitues of the place also
placed under arrest were Mr. and Mrs.
Soloman Davis, negroes.
At Lee's preliminary hearing before
U. S. Commissioner H. C. Beumled in
Douglas, Friday afternoon, Mr. and
I Mrs. Davis testified to having pur
chased opium from Lee. The "Kid"
was bound 'jver at the conclusion of
the hearing on a charge of selling
opium. Just before being taken out
of the commissioner's office, Lee turn
ed to Mr. and Mrs. Davis and threat-j
eneu to run mem aown u ue ever : to push forward exploration work at j Sunday evening, in Douglas, the en
was freed. ) a rapid rate n its property in the 1 trants in the race and a number oi
He was placed in one oi tne lront Jerome region. Work will be watched jther fans were treated to a hi ban
one of the w in-, with great interest and any results i quet. Altogether the race was tho
on an alley In , obtained will acme Prpntlv in thp mnd ellrfcrnl avdp hold in tho ctaia
phoned to a newspaper office and told
them of the crime. He said he was
going to find his wife and after that,
ho, said he would commit suicide.
Duracq is said to be a professional
dancer.
It Is
taken internally. It acts directly on tho
blood and mHcous surfaces of the system.
They ofTer one hundred dc liars for any
case it fnils to cure. Send for circulars
and testimonials.
Ad-tress: F. J. CHENEY il CO.. Toledo. O.
Sold by nrurdsta, ?5e.
Take Hall s Family Pills fir conatlpatiotk
would be put Ka the market there
seems to be no ground for the sup
position. The stock is very closely
held and, undoubtedly, will continue
to be.
The C. & A. company is preparing j exceedingly fast.
tion, in front of the Bisbee Auto com
pany on Main street. Ryan opened
wide his Excelsior and was outside of
the confines of the Warren District in
j record time. His trip to Douglas was
cells of the city jail,
u'jws of which face
AUSTRIA APPLAUDS PEACE
MOVE OF NORWEGIANS.
LONDON. Jan. 1 The Austro-Hun-
garian foreign minister is quoted in a
dispatch to Reuter's Telegram com
pany from Vienna by way of Amster
dam, as saying with regard to the
notes of Sweden, Denmark and Nor
way concerning peace:
"The Austro-Hunyarian govern
ment is glad IV) state that its views
in this matter agree with yours. It has
sympathetically accepted President
Wilson's suugestions and therefore
with satisfaction sees Sweden, Den
mark and Norway support President
Wilson's initiative."
the rear of the police station.
was unusually well behaved
afternoon and night, but his actions I
did not arouse suspicion. When Oifi- j
cer Billy Fourr went down to the jail j
Monday morning he found Lee's cell ;
empty. The bars of the side window j
had been sawed through and the pris- i
'oner had slid to the ground by means
of an improvised rope of blankets j
which he had ripped, in half and tied
together. i
In addition to the federal charge Lee .
was h'.ld on a charge of bootlegging. 1
No effort is being spared in the search
! for him as federal officers declare him I
to be a dangerous man and one "of the
ring leaders in the opium traffic along
the border.
on. Lee j benefit of Bisbee should they be had. !
Saturday
of Arizona.
PLAY TUNNEL CRUSHES
THREE VIRGINIA LADS
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., Jan. 1.
.Three . little boys were buried alive
here today in a tunnrl they had dug
beneath a bluff at the edge of Casino
fark, overlooking James River. The
toys were sons of prominent local
citizens and lived almost within a
stone throw of where they wi re playing.
FOR PAL? I BEACH
'
' 'V"'"J "I
It
fx.".
r ar
a-.
1
V ! I
This is otic of the mo.'.t cl... it
of the models that are being pie
pared for the Pain Bench season
It is of iialc blue tafTeta. The under
skirt is of pale blue chiffon, and lias
a thin bank of gold. rrai1 running
around tho hem. A njvel (ouch is
arMud by the old pole t.uttons, braid
and waist-cords. The simple deMiMi
on the pockets and cults is of old
Cold color.
TEXAS BORDER QUIET.
LAREDO, Tex.. Jan. 1. New Year's
Day passed without ar:y attempt by
Mexican revolutionists to capture
Nuuvo Laredo. Persistent rumors last
night had it that bandit band has sak
ed for the surrender of the town to
day.
LYRIC
THEATRE
Presents today the First Episode of THE NOTORIOUS
BANDITS OF PARIS, who are against society. It's a
Great Serial. Mystery, Thrills, Suspense (FanVomas).
THE MYSTERIOUS SUPER-CRIMINALS
THE FANTOMAS
"The Phantom Crook"
Three Reels.
THE DAY'S WORK
One Reel Comedy.
Admission - - - 5c
Bisbee Feed and
Fuel Co.
OFFICE PHONE 121.
We wish to advise that all coal in transit for
the Company has been confiscated by the Santa
Fe System and that we will have no Coal for"
delivery to the Public for an indefinite period
of time.
We are in a position to furnish Oak and Ju
niper wood at usual prices until further notified.
Bisbee Feed & Fuel Co.
YARD PHONE 151.
EAT BIG MEALS! NO
SOUR, ACID STOMACH,
INDIGESTION OR GAS
Tape's Diapepsin' is quickest,
surest stomach relief
known Try it!
Time it! Pape's Diapepsin will di
;e.st anything you eat and overcome a
our, gassy or out-of-order sl'Jiiiacb
r.urely within live minutes.
If your meals don't lit comfortably,
or what you eat lies like a lump of
cad in your stomach, or if you have
heartburn, that is a sign of indices-
ion.
Get fi'jin your pharmacist a lifty
ent case of Pape's Diapepsin aud take
i do.se just as soon as you can. There
will bu no sour risings, no belching of
undigested food mixed with arid, no
toniiiih pas or heartburn, fullness
or heavy leeling in the stomach, nau-
ca. dcblitatiiiK headaches, di..inc.-H
r iiiti-Minai iinpuiK. 1 ins an o.
mil besides there will be no sour
frAid left over in tho stomach to poison
our hrtutu with nauseous odoi.i.
Tape's Iiiupepsin is a certain cure
lor out-of-order stomachs, because it
takes hold f your food iind digests il
Mist the same as if our stomach
wasn't there.
. Relief in live minutes frtdll Mom
;l!i misery is waiting for you at alii
drun store.
These lare liHy-crnt cases contain
nouuh "Pape's liiapepsin" to keep
the entire lamily free from stomach
disorders and indigestion for many
months. It belongs in our home.
(Advcrtisi uicul)
HEAT WITI GAS
THE LITTLE PORTABLE GAS HEATER ENABLES YOU
TO QUICKLY CONVERT THE COLDEST ROOM IN
YOUR HOUSE TO WARMTH AND CHEER IT GIVES
Comfort
WHERE YOU WANT IT
WHEN YOU WANT IT
LIGHTS' AT THE FLASH OF A MATCH CONNECTS
BY A FLEXIBLE METALLIC TUBE AND CAN BE
EASILY MOVED FROM ONE ROOM TO ANOTHER.
c "
QUICK SAFE CLEAN
Prices $2.75 to $7.00
NT C THE BISEEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 2, 1917.
SIX
DIPRESSIVE CEREMONIES MA FUNERAL OF DEAD EMPEROR
x
C W".
?' U 4- .V
"v! L . ' . wU- i! r . ), r .... v.
kw-w ;s
zzr- 1 . ss I
" :
j TWO ARMY FUNERALS.
EL PASO. Jan. 1 A doable military
, funeral will be held here for Corporal
; Joseph II. WU derburn of Company I,
; and Prix-ate Harry W. Remby of Com
pany D, Thirty-Third Michigan Infant
; ry, who died iu the Fort Bliss hospi'til
within a few minutes of each other
I from pneumonia. Wiederhurn cams
i from East Jordan and Iteniby from
j Alpina, Michigan. The only two pre
! vious deaths in this regiment resulted
; also frotn pneumonia. The citizens of
Flint, Michigan, have ofTered to ship
to lower altitude any oldier from
their town who has developed this di
j ease. It is the practice when ' pneu-
monia patients can be moved, to ship
them from El Paso, which has an altt
' tude of 4.000 feet, to Yuma, Arizona,
1 which Is below sea level.
Corporal V.'ade C. Hall, of Company
K. Third North Carolina Infantry, en
listing at Asheboro. N'. C, died here of
concussion of the brain following an
assault by an unknown person.
CfHESTER a pills j Walter Harvey Weed
fnV-ih i 'M-k.trlMnBMA '- ..... .
A general iew of the cortefre; the emperor on his death bed in Vienna.
Imuressive ceremonies marked the funeral of. Emperor Francis Joseph of Austria. Thousands of soldiers'
marched behind the coffin of the dead ruler as he was taken to his last resting place.
the emperor as he lay in state.
The lower picture shows
GERMANS MASSING
GUNS FOR SPRING
Copper Minp
Wanted
We are in position to finance
' a property that is READY TO
PRODUCE. It must have
sufficient ore blocked out to
. pay for equipment needed.
I P. O. Box 1407.
I N,., v,L- rif,.
MORE $ $ $FOR
n 1D Arizona trappers an "
buyers who want t'
get the most $ $ $ for their furs should
ship EAST where we buy direct and
pay s,poi cash, pay all express and
mail charges and deduct no commis
sion. All shipments held separate.
Ship your greyfox, wolf, wildcats and
' all other furs while demand is good
and prices high. Write for latest price-
list, shipping tags and market in for
mation. All free
THE BERLINER COMPANY
P. O. Drawer 999. Corry, Penna
CHIHUAHUA CITY QUIET. N TO DAVY JONES' LOCKER.
EL PASO. Jan. 1. Conditions are LONDON. Jan. 1. Lloyd's reports
quiet in Chihuahua City, according to . the following vessels as having been
(Continued From Pape One)
a chanjie in the center of gravity on
the western front. The Somnie battle
has swept its way into comparative
quietude and while the military ex
perts here naturally are unable to pre
dict with certainty the plans of the
AngrFreneh leaders, recent advices
point to a transfer of the entente
allies' main efforts to another region
passengers from there, who arrived in
Juarez late tonipht Apart from re
ports ot skirmishing between Fran
cisco Murguia's and Villa's troops be
low Santa Rosalia, they said they had
heard no news of importance in Cht
hruahua. The arrival of a troop train in Juarez
today gave rise to rumors on the
American side of the evacuation of
Chihuahua, but it proved to be a train
from Casas Grandes carrying part of
the brigade of General Francisco G'jn-
sunk:
The Greek steamer Deraetrios Ing-
i lesis, 2.0S8 tons, crew landed; the Nor
! wegian ' steamers Flora, 1,032 tons,
crew . landed, and Eva, part of crew
landed; the Russian sailing ship See-donis.
This word means LIFE and strength
Use it and you will know that the
name is just right
VITOLOX purines the blood, cor
rects disorders of the stomach, Im
proves the appetite, tones up the kid-
been concentrated on extending to its ' troops there. General Gonzales will i si(nJedt Administrator of the estate of j neys and a sure shot for rheumatism
.! , : .. u -a-aat rxt tho I take the field aainst Villa. General ,
oriuai l" f"' J ,. .. ucocu, w i Rot Wfl- -t . nn .
" U b wij UlUg OkVir( fl.UV VI
6 for $3.00.
,nKt likelv that of Verdun where zaies, laie commanaer or Juarez, to
the French energies recently have j Chihuahua City.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
In the County of Cochise,
State of Arizona
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
Estate of Albert Heffern. deceased.
After assembling his i N.Jtice is hereby given by the under j
Vitolox
Meuse the most obvious point as tr?
nearest to" the heart of Germany for
the effort to roll back the invasion, or,
in case of minor successes, a point
whence operations into the rich iron
fields would be possible.
Military experts here point out that
the employment of British troVps in
large numbers at this point would be
hampered bv sreat transportation dif
ficulties and assert that the French
reserves are inadequate for any great
effort. They express the fullest confi
dence that with the balance of artit
lery strength fully restored, as the"
expect it to be by spring, Germany will
be able to 'prevent any serious ad
vance at this salient.
The new year, as far as internal re
lations are concerned, will be a year
of privations. Increased harvest 'of
grains is offset by a disappointir.?'
pntatoe crop so that despite the fn"
supplies captured in Rumania, no pro
spect of an increase in the total ra
tion can be held out for the presen
thomrh perhans later it mav be found
possible to provide an extra allowance
. of meat Dietary experts declare, bow
ever, that the present rat'on Is entirel"
adecviate to support life and main
working vigor, except in the case of
those In heavy work, for whom speclpl
nrovision Is now being made nnH"-
Jose Murguia, now in charge of the.tor)j of flnil al, maa havin claims
northern border, is sending a part ofia,ainst the Bai(1 deceased. to exhibit
his own troops to garrison Casas ; tnem vUn the necessary vouchers
Grandes. ; witnm ten m0nths after the first publl-
A passenger train left Juarez for ..tinfl (lf thi nntir tft tn Ad.
Chihuahua City today.
ASPHYXIATED BY AUTO.
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 1. O. J.
Derousse, assistant to the president of
the Pennsylvania Railroad company,
died today as the result of beine over
come bv gasoline fumes in his earaee
near his home in Germantown. It is
heiieved he asphyxiated by the vanor
from the exhaust while endeavoring
to place a new license tag on the car.
ministrator at the Law Offices of Wil
liams & Flanigan, in the Allen Block,
iBisbee, Arizona, the same being the
; place for the transaction of the busi
ness of said estate, in said County of
Cochise.
THEODORE GAUTHIER.
Administrator of the estate of Albert
HefTern, deceased.
Dated Bisbee; Arizona, this - day
of December, 1916.
First publication Dec. 19, 1916.
STEWART RETURNS AS
MONTANA GOVERNOR.
HELENA. Mont . Jan. 1. Samuel V.
Stewart. Democrat, rai Inammrated
"vlnv for his second term a eovpror
of Montana. The governor's meae
o fie legislature, member of wh'h
ponvpn tomorrow, will rrohnhlv he
delivered some time during the dav. . "
MICHIGAN El EVEN WINS
BORDER ARMY CHAMPIONSHIP
EL PSO Jan. 1 The football team
the anneal of Field Marshal von Thlrtv-TMrd MioM-n Infantry
denburg to the rural ponltion fr wn he Wrier armv rhrnnonhin tn.
contributions. It is maintained th bv defeaMn" the team of the
while life within the blockade mav rn- vihth TT S. Artillerv bv a sore of 41
sible become increasinelv unnleasant. i o (!.
the militarv efflrdency of Germany will
not be diminished.
In foreien affairs, the new year of
course dawns under a sign of peace
overtures. The entente's official renly
has not yet been received here. There
Is considerable discussion regarding
Germany's probable plans in case of
an expected possible refusal of the
Entente powers to enter upon a conference.
NINETEEN DESERT.
Tn facA o' rvjf t-i- a t of Twl'1.vi''fl
"-iiMt shortage" tMs rresptit season,
flfiires of wheat In world's store-
onges Dec. 1 broV all records f Us.
orv for the iterlod. It is S.I 000 000
hncshoifl bevond te December total
followine the world's ereat cron of
1012 largest ever harvested prior to
the war.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
In the Co''n-y of Cochise. State of
Arizona
. ... NOTICE TO CRFDITORS
. T-sft" of To'-n Chsrlns Taylor, de
nHM Notice is hereby given by
;. n ji-o Ar-".inis'rtor of the
"t of Tovn C"riog Taylor, de--nf.
fi-" ciitrs of and all ner
sot-b havjn? claims acainsf the said
deceased, to exhibit tem. with the
reessary vo'ifers witVin four
-'onths pfti-r the fln;t publication of
tv-is notice to the snid Administrator
'a'c oi'-es of J D. Taylor, Bisbee,
Ari7ona. the same binc the p'ace fo
f'nsati'-in of te business of said
"s'ofe. in saH Countv of Cochise.
J. D TAYLOR.
.v. ir.iptrp'r.r of tho estate of John
rv-rla Tavlor. docessod.
Dated Bisbee. Arizona, this day
or 1916
First publication Dec. 26. 1916.
FREE TO
ASTHMA SUFFERERS
A New Home Cure That Anyone Can
use Without Discomfort or Lost
of Time.
We have a New Method that cures
Asthma, and we want you to try it at
our expense. No matter whether your
! case Is of long standing or recent de
1 velopment, whether it is present as
occasional or chronic Asthma, you
should send for free trial of pur
, metnod. no matter In what climate
, you live, no matter what your age or
occupation, If you aretroubled with
asthma, our method stould relieve you
promptly. -
We especially want to send it to
those apparently hopeless cases, where
all forms of inhalers, douches, opium
preparations, fumes, "patent smokes,"
e'c.. have failed. We want to ahow
everyone at our own expense, that this
new method is designed to end all dif
"'ult breathing, all wheezing, and all
these terrible paroxysms at once and
for all time.
This free offer Is too important to
neglect a single day. Write now and
then begin the method at once. Send
no money. Simply mall coupon be
low. Do it today.
FREE ASTHMA COUPON '
FRONTIER ASTHMA CO.. Room
75" A Niagara and Hudson Sts.,
"."alo. N. Y.
Sond free trial of your method to
WHO IS BACK OF
Arizona-Biske
Copper?
One of the most important things
in the development of any mining
property is to know that the men,
who are behind the company, are
reliable and responsible. I
THE DIRECTORS
INCLUDE TWO BISBEE
RESIDENTS.
Nearly every one in the Bishee
Warren district knows Janio
Letson and Harry Jennings. Beth
are actively Interested in making
this project succeed.
OTHERS INTERESTED
ARE:
W. A. Schwartz. Bisbee.
Tom Greeley, Bisbee.
P. M. Kelly. Bisbee.
Tom Jennings, Lowell.
E. W. Rambo. Bisbee.
I. Jacobson, Bisbee.
Eniil Marks, Bisbee.
Matt Wartenhurg, Bisbee.
Robt. Hennessey, Bisbee.
Michael Foudy, Bisbee.
Sam Frankenburg, Bisbee.
Tom Fitzsimmons, Lowell.
Wm. D. Fahey. Bisbee.
John Letson, Bisbee.
Leo Javanovich, Bisbee.
Owen E. Murphy. Tombstone.
Harry A. Clark, Douglas, and
J. W Neenan, Douglas.
i
The above men formerly owned
the group of sixty-six mining
claims, southwest of the White
Tail Deer mine of the Copper
Queen Consolidated Mining Com
pany. The said claims have been
deeded to the Arizona-Bisbee Cop- j
per Company.
A part ot the capital stock of this
company is now being sold at
Room 8, Maze Building, at
i
20c Per Share
Residents of Bisbee, Lowell and
Warren are invited to participate
in the development of another big
v copper company, and for a short
time are offered this opportunity
of getting Htock at the bottom
price of 20c per share. .
A NEW MAP OF THE
DISTRICT FREE
on application to the company's
office, or address John M. Letson, !
Manager, P. O. Box 120, Bisbee, i
Arizona. i
Villain kiJ i. Kri.ilicX
I With ll. Rlt-jO.
I Ti n mthtr. Hut r toup V
Umi.W. A.b''T4'IIM IIKH-TFKS
yen known ss licit. i(?rt A! way R-tal im
SOLDPYDWGG!SISlFRYMERf
Prominent Mining Engineer and Ge
ologist, Reporting on the property of
GreatRay
COLLINS
and
BRETHERTON
Specializing in
AND
Oatmaii
Stocks
JACK BUILDING,
MAIN ST. PHONE 26
Copper
Co.
Says: "I recommend the development
of the Great Ray Copper Company
property as a legitimate, speculative
mining venture, and believe It merits
an expenditure sufficient to determine
by drilling whether or not the miner
aiization or the area is rich enough to
warrant mining. If it proves to be so.
THE PROPERTY WILL BE
I A MINE OF THE FIRST
MAGNITUDE."
A limited amount of stock can now
be had, 30 cents per share.
This stock will advance to 50 cents
after January first.
SMITH & MACGREGGOR,
Brokers.
Lowell,' Arizona.
The Peer of
Clairvoyants
HERE
if Mi
y-A
:..v . m v'rt.j
Advices received in London from
TViHo show that Issue of British lonn
EL PASO. Jan. 1. It was learned In Jannn has been an nnonniifind sue
today Oiat nineteen soldiers belonging. ce Totl amount. lftO.OOOOnn ven
to the Twenty-Third United States In-1 fL10.000.000, has been subscribed
fantry reported missing at headnuart- '"d subscription list had to be "losed
ers. had concealed themselves on the J ,nrpe das earlier than date officially
train carrying back the Thirty-First st l-
Infantry, which
here
Michigan Infantry, which left
yesterday for Detroit, Michigan.
The missing regulars will be return
ed to El Paso and courtmartialed for
attempted desertion.
Hie Best Eur House OnEartk
For Fur Shippers
Nothinc Is mora important to tha Pur Shipper
than doing buoincM with an ilooeat Sellable
Respooiible Safa Fur Uouaa.
Safety First-Ship To Shubert
ihm Hrge&t Hoom la ttv World lalitHr nehaaiwtAy In
Aroerirao Kaw Kura. vhtft you will alwaya i-cit aa
Accural and liberal Aawartment, tho HifhMt Market
Priwa and tha uaual "Umiurt lutficMal. Bpaad.Conr
tcooa 9vn4cai
Write forthlattiditiMi0f "Cbt fcaWrt WlKT."
Can lai nine vai uabia Market inforinauoo you muat bav.
A.B.SHUBERT.Inc ?cS.vh.-
Vernon
$2.00 LIFE READING THIS WEEK $1
Satisfaction guaranteed or no charge. I
The amazing power of second sight '
proved in the many readings given '
daily. Simply baffles description. You
get names of persons and places, facts,
figures, dates, changes, journeys,
troubles, and good hftc Everything
pointed out; removes evil Influences
and guides your future in the way to :
success and happiness. No questions j
asked.
Hours 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Daily and Sundays.
Residence. MARX HOTEL, LOWELL.1
Secretary Lansing is of the opinion
that the United States Joining aj
league to enforce world peace would
not affect the Monroe Doctrine as lat
ter is a declaration of policy and not
a treaty, and that there is no need of
altering this policy even though Eu-'
ropean nations should co-operate with
United States in preventing wars in
western hemispheres. '
New York Fpent between $100,000,
000 and $125,000,000 on Christmas,
not including amusements. No previ
ous year saw so many shoppers from
other cities or so much buying by
I mail.
November exnorts from New York
were $232,285,857, an Increase of more
than 25 percent over $1S4,K13,K92 In
November, 1915.
. Diamond Match Co. announces spe
cial dividend to employees varying
from 6 percent to 14 percent on earn
ings for year.
OFFICES:
Bisbee
Douglas
Globe
Jerome
Prescott
Phoenix
P. q. BOX 279
Direct Wire Connection with
Jerome and All Our Offices.
R. ALLYN LEWIS
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL. BISBEE.
JOHN A. CAMPBELL. Manager.
BONDS, STOCKS, INVESTMENTS
Orders Executed for Cash or on Proper Margin
E. P. Hutton V Co.'s Prlvats
Leased Wire to All Exchangee
CORRESPONDENT
LF. Hutton & Co.
Members New York
Stock Exchange
TELEPHONE
1S5
GET THE BENEFIT OF A PERSONAL SERVICE
George Graham Rice
COMMISSION BROKER AND DEALER IN
SECURITIES
27 William Street New York
Phones. 793. 794. 836. 4925 Broad
YOUR ORDERS INVITED FOR
THE PURCHASE AND SALE OF
ALL GRADES OF SECURITIES
Industrial. Oil. Metal Mining. Utilit
and Investment Issues bought and
sold in all markets for cash or carried
on conservative margin account.
bpecial facilities enjoyed tor the
transaction of business in Jerome,
Bisbee and other Arizona Mining se
curities dealt in on the New York
Rostort market
BROKER AND DEALER IN COP
PER, ZINC, LEAD, LEAD-SILVER.
SILVER AND GOLD SE
CURITIES rV.ilv Market Letter $l a month
My Industrial and Mining Age, pub
lished weekly. $5 a year, and my
analyze industrials, oils, and mine
and market conditions affecting in
dustrials, metal markets, the Arizo
na, Couer d'Alene. Utah and othc
copper. lead, silver lead-silver and
zinc stocks, alcng with the Gold
fields, Tonopahs. Cobalts and Porcupines.
. I solicit a share of your business in
all classes of securities.
YOUR INQUIRIES AS WELL AS
YOUR ACCOUNT SOLICITED
GET THE BENEFIT OF A PERSONAL SERVICE THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 2, 1917.
SEVEN
A
i
i
-. y
; 'J
it
3
i .
3
i
TKK. m'AWTEIV Epr'.'
JF, mAn to call an ioihinf
& furataMnc toi: bII
.-oaia: only tho tWMiMndiU
f.'iy f Tin..
f ANTEI Iy vr I yr J-
scngvr la tm eonrvra: howm-'
w U.:- miial- b bttfor and A'.1.
t
tippt n 'nViL -.v
iir - .v.v.v.v .v.-.v.v.---.
uti. wBlilaJ .V"V.v.V.V.
4 ii i.Tth .v" ".v.v.
Pi
- .v.-.-.v La-.
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under tteiead at the rate of 1 cen; per word lor eacb
asuo witb a minimum charg of 25 cents. Advertise-ients must reach Tb
Review office not later than 4 p. m. for Insertion ic the next morning pape
Wanted
WANTED Old rags wanted at Re
view office.
WANTED Girl or married woman
for waitress, French Kitchen. 14
WANTED Experienced dinner cook
at Warner hotel
preferred.
Married woman
662
WANTED Uniun$bed rooms. L.
B., Review offic. ' , 51
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT 3 housekeeping rooms,
102 Higgins HilL 49
FOR RENT Two front rooms reason
able. Barley Hotel, Brewery Gulch.
E. Bushong, prop. 48
FOR RENT Furnished batching
room, 14 Tate Hill, Johnson Addi
tion. . 63
For Rent
FOR RENT 3 room unfurnished
house. 237 School Hill, High Road.
50
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
L. B. WHITNEY, Lawyer, Rooms 5-6
Allen Block, Open evenings. Phone
547. (109)
Bisbee Mattress and upholstering
work, Hughes Block. We make ov
er old mattresses as good as new.
Free delivery. Phone 7C4. 484
Miscellaneous
For job carpenters call 11.
561
New map of Bisbee-Warren mining
district free on request. Arizona
Bisbee Copper Company, Room 8,
Maze Building, Bisbee, Arizona. 633
Learn actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio, engineer
ing. Y. M. C. A., Los Angeles. Cat
alogs free. 95o
50,000 to loan on improved city prop
erty or for building. On easy terms
of payment T. A. Hughes, ovet
Bank of Bisbee. 923
KOR SALF Highest cash prices pair
for second hand furniture, stoves
clothing and tools. Uncle Jim's
Brewery Gulch. 81
DROP A CARD to the Guarantee
Paint & Wall Paper Co. for ai:
kinds of work in our line. Pat Clea
ry, manager. Box 1495. Thone 720
Positions Wanted
Girl want3 position in family. Apply
Mason Hotel, Lowell. 13
WANTED Position by experienced
stenographer. B. D., Review. 82
Married man wants work on ranch or
driving team of 2, 4 or C horses. B.
D. X., Review. 53
LOST
LOST While fox neck piece. Phone
Mrs. Stidger 197. 719
PETEY DINK Let This Be
r
bl&Ul 1UEA
tOP VOUT? ClVIWc-
A VA7CM
ors Vmas
AiviT I Cot
r i m it
A
Make a note '
TO USE 0UP3
Classified- Column
when you have any
thm you want to
sell or wish to
For Sale
$25 monthly. Milo Rafeclovich, P. O.
Bix 16S5. 80
FOR SALE Horse and wagon. Ari
zona Junk Co., Phone 690. 17
FOR SALE Ford car cheap. Apply
F. M. Lacy, 152 Temby Avenue. 78
FWALErCHEAP 2good horses
and saddles. 19 Tate Kill, Johnson
Addition. 689
FOR SALE 12 room cement house
20 Johnson Ave., Johnson Addition.
571
FOR SALE 15 rooming and boarding
house SO boarders. All rooms full
' Answer M. J. R., Review. 10
FOR SALE 1,000 shares of Venture
Hill Mining stock at 18 cents. J. E.
Clemings, P. O. Box 928, Globe, Ari
zona. 83
FOR SALE 200 shares Santa Crua
Bisbee Mining Co., 45c a share. G.
L., Review. 84
FOR SALE A rlew sii room concrete
and frame house. Opera Hill No. 6S,
with lot suitable for boarding house
$1700. One thousand cash, balance
$25 monthly. Milo Rafaelovich, P. O.
Box 1695. 80
FOR SALE Don Luis 5-room house
and 2 lots, 4 choice lots at a bar-
' gain. Apply M. C. High, Allen
Block, Real Estate. 56
THE MOOSE HOTEL (Old Kinney
House) Furnished rooms $2 per
week and up, with gas; also light
housekeeping rooms. 178
S"OR SALE Ford touting car at a
bargain. See Robinson, Brophy
Garage, Lowell. 643
FOR SALE One ton Studebaker
de'ivery truck. Good condition,
cheap if taken at once. K. R. Win
stead, Lowell Haberdashery. 20
vOR SALE One stripped down rac
ing car, a bargain if taken at once.
K. R. Winstead, Lowell Haberdash
ery. 20
TOR SALE One six room house and
four lots, one block from car line.
Tombstone Canyon. Inquire E. J
Beyer, Minors & Merchants Bank
532
TOR SALE E. B. Mason property,
Lowell, containing over 1 acre,
known as Mason Corral. Inquire
E. B. Mason 716 Calmar Ave, Oak
land, Calif 140
"URNITURE KOR SALE The John
son Addition Furniture Co. want
to pay you the highest cash price
for your second hand furniture. At
so wants to trade or exchange yoi
new furniture for your old. We wT
sell you furniture cheaper thar
anybody on easy payments. Cal1
In at the big brick building at the
Johnson Addition and let us show
you our large and selected stock o
house furnishings, or phone us a1
onr store. Phone 385, Johnson A
dition.
a Lesson, Petey; Don't Boast
UWDAS
f,
I 1 C K
dm.
..Hi?
1
TRIANGLE STARS IN
EXCELLENT FEATURE
AT ORPHEUM THEATRE
Norma Talmadge and Tully
Marshall Play Again This
Evening in "The Devil's!
Needle" at Popular House.
In "The Devil's Needle," Triangle
drama to be seen again at the Orphe
um 'theatre. Norma Talmadge and i
'Tully Marshall are co-starred, and the
latter is seen in the kind of part in
which he achieved his greatest fame
on the speaking stage that of a mor
phine fiend.
It was in Clyde Fitch's last play,
"The City," produced on Broadwoy
several months after bis death, that
Marshall appeared as a victim of the
"devil's needle," and gave such a.niar
velous impersonation that on the op
ening night several women fainted
and had to he carried from the audi
ence. His individual work was more
largely responsible for the success of
"The City" than any other one feat
ure of the play. I
In "The Devil's Needle," written by
Chester Withey and Roy Somerville, (
Marshall makes his first appearance I
on the screen in the role of a dope
victim. He appears as David Stanley,
an artist of note. Rene, his favorite
model, played by Miss Talmadge, is
a child of poverty, and through evil
associations in her early girlhood has
acquired the morphine habit. This is
one thing she has never told Stanley,
the other being her love for him.
One day Wynne Mortimer, a society .
Again.
For is
' jr eu IH0U&HT
iUO rtKHAPS 1F -
5-iouiD Hapvew To
OR aONtF - -
VTC-li 1.11 wi ij I ,e f?
too
''."X"Xi v-v I 1 1 H
.1 n . yjiii 1 11 "it tJiiiiuiii.iiJi t 1 11 -.it
V ' IjJI f it f 91 li III It If! Ii 11' II i 1 J II I I II 111 I 11 !t
m f MM ISM
yKw 1 : 1 in 1 1 V 1 , ii-:!;;"
w'iA i I : I i III I ; 1, ii' i
gplIMnt Cake
fM0 i
is simply delicious
E Baking
Pure Healthful Economical
The highest grade of baking powder pos
sible to buy and your money refunded
if it fails to satisfy. Ask your dealer.
Jaques Mfg. Co., Chicago
lllHIWIH II HI" I'i'
girl, visits Stanley's studio with her
fiance, Hugh Gordon. She falls in love
with the artist, breaks her engage
ment to Gordon, and marries him.
Rene, controlled by evil impulses
when she finds the artist in love with
another woman, induces him to try
the "needle," as a spur to his artistic
inspiration. The habit 'fastened upon
him. Stanley sinks lower, and lower
after his marriage, until his career is
ruined and his wife's heart broken.
' Seeking to rescue her husband from
an opium dive, the girl is kidnapped
p.nd in peril of her life, when Rone,
realizing the horror site has wrought,
conies to the rescue and succeeds in
saving the wife from her peril and
the husband from the deadly habit,
which she herself has overcome after
witnessing its frightful effects on the
man to whom she has commnnicaied
it.
An appropriate present for
the entire family for the New
Year would be a 1917 sub
scription to the Bisbee Daily
Keview. I n:s would be a use
ful as well as instructive gift,
as every member of the fami
ly co'ild enjoy and appropri
ate its contents. Our tele
graphic service embraces a
field world-wide, keeping you
in touch with all the current
events of the day, and our lo
cal and home news depart
ment is unsurpassed.
Start the New Year right
by enrolling your name now.
PHONE 39
VOO
-.
1
fa Ypftrl
Iwvf y uul s
H "'h ' (!!!!!! I l''.'l i
M l in "H1 t
illlv.lliHl'i -i.'i!
e
1 -
1 I-
I I Y
when made with
Powder
AUSTRALIAN TOWN
WIPED BY FLOOD.
LONDON, Jan. 1. One hundred per
sons are believed to have been drown
ed in Clermont, Queensland, Australia,
by a flood which washed away the
main street and all the houses in low
lying places, says a Reuter's dispatch
from Brisbane. Fifty bodies have been
recovered. The flood was caused by
cyclonic weather in northern and cen
tral Queenland.
N. Y. MILITIA TRAIN IS
DITCHED NEAR TOPEKA
TOPEKA, Kas., Jan. 1. Six cars
carrying equipment belonging to the
! New York national guard were ditched
near Augusta. Kansas, "m the Atchison
Topeka and Santa Fe line today. Tw o
sleeping cars also left the track but
remained upright and none of the
guards were injured. This informa
tion was received late tonight from
V.'infield, Kansas.
'JEC
J
miiijgaKnw.'wji.w.jgiMi j
ii n
1 blit ViHt. WU ,fU
ME.lkl To SA M
. . . f . .. .
;vnatcv4 ? -Sam i'vie
CARCiED Tha'T watvm
- c ik;
K
..Lodge
EEK ENDING JANUARY 6 ..
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Blue Reg.
Friday 2nd Degree.
'Hnirflay
BLEDSOE, W. M.
WATKINS. Secy. F. & A. M.
COLWELL. E. H. P.
PH1LBROOK, T. I. M.
FRY, E. C.
DAVENPORT, Secy. Chapter &
'omniandery.
. BANKS, Secy. Council.
kUUUE NU 67V.
Regular meeting am and third
Friday of each month. Visiting broth
ers cordially Invited to attend.
CHARLES S BEAR Waited Ruler
U B. COOVER Secretary.
B'SBEE LODGE NO. 10, I. O. O. F
aaeeth ever)
Wednesday
evening at
Odd Fellow
hail Main street at 7:00 n m . and
special meetings on Sunday at 1:30
p. m. V'fetUng brothers cordially In
-ited to attend. Hall pnoue 119
JAMES B. SULLIVAN, N. G.
G. A PLUNKETT. Secret.-
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UN. TED STATES OF AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT. -
10-
.ets In L O
u. F. Hall sec
ond and fourth
Saturday a t
7:30 p. m. Vis
I'ng Brothers
cordially In
vited to attend.
JAS. CAMER
W ON. W. M
ROB'T FERGUS, Secy.. Box 426.
Bisbee.
I. O. R. M.
Meets first and thlro
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
in Medigovich Hall All
visiting Red Men invited
to attend.
JOHN KELLY, Sachem.
W. D. COHEN, dicine Man
F. C. FENDERSOn, ?. ot R.
uNiOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meet in Medigovicb
hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month.
Visiting Drothera wel
come HOMER C. TREES
Councilor.
W. A. CUNNINGHAM
Recording Sec'y.
IN THE SOPERIOR COURT
Of Cochise County, State of Arizona.
In the Matter of the Estate of Sarah
A. Kelly, Deceased.
NOTICE OF HEARING PETITION.
Notice is hereby given that Gt'orge
J. McC'abe has hied in this Court a
certain document purporting to be the
last Will and Testament of Sarah A.
Kelly together with his petiUon pray
ing that said document be admitted
to probate in this Court as the last
Will and Testament of said Sarah A.
Kelly who, said petitioner alleges, is
deceased, and that letters tes,tament--iry
issue thereon to said petitioner,
.tnd that same will be hoard "on Satur
day the 2'th day of January. A. D.
lOii, at 10:00 o'eloek in the forenoon
of said day, at the court room of said
Court, hi the Court House, in the City
jf Tombstone, County Vf Cochise,
State of Arizona, and all persons inter
ested in said estate are notihed then
ind there to appear and show cause,
if any they la.vc, why the prayer of
said petitioner should not be granted.
J. E. JAMES.
Clerk.
By C. L. ALLEN,
Deputy Clerk.
Dated December 21'th, 191ti.
, First publication Dec. 31, 131S.
1
I
j l O. L
iiiii
9
Notices...
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIA.
Rath bone Lodge No .
Knight of Pythu.
meet each Thursday
(except second) In Odd
Fellows Hall at 7:36
p. m Visiting brother
oliallv 1nvlre4
T. M. ENOCHS, a C.
J. C. KKJUtJACM. h. or n
T. F. B
KRATERNAL
BOTHERHtM
BlsDee Lodge Nc
7m EJ and 3rd Monday
ifc ' Alf of eacb month
Htr 7:30 " od(1 p
"J-Of 0Wg HaU Vl.
nig members cordially invited
a L FENNER. President
RS C. E. FINOTTL Treaaur
Box 722. Tel 236, R4
ATHERINE SALHOLM
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718
Meets every F riday nigtu, Muuj.
filing brothers, cordially invivw
J. V. PETTEY. Dictator
KAY ROSS, Secretar
GOLDEN RULE ENCAMPMEN
No. &
L O. O. F. meets
every second and
fourth Friday at
7:30 p. m. Odd Fel
lows hall AU visit
ing Patriarch are
welcome.
H D. KING. C. f .
F. C. FENDERSOI
Scriba.
F. O. E.
Bisbee A(?li lit
F. O. E. i m s fir.j
and tlil d Mondays
& p. n, at Med'jrj
vlch hall Visitors cordially welcom
J. A. LAMBERT, President
M. D. COHEN. Aerie Puysiciaa.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES
OF SECURITY.
Bisbee Council No. 2115 meets la
Medigovich Hall every second and
Fourth Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY, Pres.
E. LINDQCIST. Fin. Bx S24;. LumA
INEZ McKlNNEY. Box 3453, I-oweil.
WOODMEN CIRCE
Meets In Medigovicb Hall 2nd and
'h Fridays of each month. 304
ELLEN FOLLEY, Guardian
PAULINE F. BROWN. Clerk.
P. O. Box 621
Advertisement.
MODERN WOODMEN Cf AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No
13415. Meet first Tues
day at Odd Fellows
. HaU.
GEORGE E1TING.
Consul
H. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
Pearl Chapter No
meets In Masoaic bah
second ana lounn iu
'tsy day of each month at 7:3t
pTm.
MRS. ANNA C. RiCHARD.
Worthy Matron
Phone 2H0 P. O. Box S41, Bisbee.
MRS. JESSE BEVAN, Sec'y. P. O. Box
3299. Chairman Relief Com Phone 64''
PYTHiAN SISTERS.
Uly Temple No. 3, meet every 2nC
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fell-wa' Hall Visiting
-Isters are cordially Invited. 19
OLIVE BAILEY. M. E- C
HON'ORA MUNCH. M. of R. C
WOODMEN OF THE WJRLD
meet 1st and 3rd Wed-
.sday at 7-30 Brophy
H.jtA Ha
HalL
E. JACOBS. C. C
O B THOMAS. Clerk
By C. A. Voight
of
ill EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING. JANUARY 2, 1917.
Our Annua! CASE EMPTYING SALE Starts Today
COWAN HOME.
i James Cowan, superintendent of the
During our CASE-EMPTYING-SALE we seldom consider former selling prices it's our aim to
Tonight.
Quality First
Tonight,
: Warren-Bisbee Railway Company, re
lumed yesterday morning from a trip
mark all wearing apparel at prices that will empty the racks and cases, and our unusual low prices
testily to our case-emptying determination early choosing, of course, will be best.
l tn tiiti riui hum iti I iinmhi t
ORPHEUS
THEATRE
NORMA TALMADGE IS HERE
If you've seen her in the other Triangle successes
'THE MISSING LINKS", OR "GOING STRAIGHT',
it wouldn't be necessary to invite you tonight. You'd
"THE DEVIL'S NEEDLE"
Is the name of the latest TRIANGLE PLAY in which
NORMA TALMADGE appears, and in it she gives a
wonderful portrayal of a young artist's model, the vic
tim of a terrible drug, who by sheer will power over-i
comes the awful habit You'll enjoy it
"THE DANGER GIRL"
A TWO REEL KEYSTONE COMEDY
A HALF MILE OF LAUGHTER
ADMISSION - - 10 AND 15 CENTS.
The Home of Real Reel Features.
Continuous from 1 to 10.
William A. Brady in association with World Pictures
Presents
ETHEL CLAYTON AND HOLBROOK BUNN
With an All-Star Cast, including Emtnett Corrigan,
; Gerda Holmes, Montagu Love and Madge Evans in
A FOWERFUL MASTERPIECE IN FIVE ACTS.
ADMISSION - - - 10 AND 15 CENTS
it
Centra Theatre
Tonight Only. Tonight Only.
Commencing 5:30 P. M.
DANIEL FROHMAN PRESENTS
MARGUERITE CLARK
In a Fanciful Romantic Photoplay
"Little Lady Eileen"
A PARAMOUNT PICTURE PRODUCED
BY FAMOUS PLAYERS FILM CO.
ADMISSION
ORIGINAL Bi SB EE-TOMBSTONE
STAGE LINE.
The original Tombstone stage leaves
daily at 7 a. m". and 1:30 p. m. from
Cochise Motor Co. Phone 444. Leaves
punctually on time daily. 939
(Advertisement)
PEACE
of mir.d and heplth of body can be ob
tained by visiting the dentist regular
ly. Dr. Teufert. Maze Bid?., Sanitary
Dental office. Advertisement. 363
Is o fro
)ictumi
... "in ANn 1 k ptq
A
.
V
O. K. RESTAURANT
First class service. Regular din
ner 35c. We put up buckets for min
ers. Try our special miners lunch.
Satisfaction guaranteed. Everything
new and clean. Open all night. Give
us a trial. Advertisement.
For oorcs, Corns, Bunions tu-grow-tng
nails see Morrow Chiropodist, 2
dirs from City Park, Brewery Gulcb
(511) (Advertisement)
COPPER QUEEN DANCE
Copper Queen Band will give their, j
regular Wednesday night dance at
Old Opera House beginning 8:30.
Advertisement. Sj
HUGHES THROUGH. i
E. A. Hughes, the county assessor, j
j was a passenger through Bisbee, yes- j
: terday, on Ms way from Douglas to j
Tombstone. 1
Ride on tbe American Stage Line,
Bisbee to Douglas. Phone 3CS.
LEAVES FOR COAST.
I.oui.i Drown, proprietor of the
Miners Store, left Saturday night for
Los Angeles where he keeps a perma
nent home. Brown was in Bisbee to
aid at the store during the rush of the
Christmas holidays.
REMOVAL NOTICE
Dr. Sara Higdon and John T. Saun
ders now located in the Muheim
Building, Brewery Gulch. Booms-12 &
14. Advertisement 52
THEY WERE HUNTING.
L. B. Whitney, city attorney, John
Twomey, John Hampston and How
ard Hampstcn, formed a party yes
terday afternoon and went into the
Sulphur Springs Valley hunting rab
biu. $45.00 uncalled for tailor made over
coats, $32.50. The best value in town.
Miller's Shirt & Hat Shop, Main St.
Advertisement. 731
HAVE TEA DANCE.
A little tea party and dance ushered
in the New Year at the Y. V. C. A.
yesterday afternoon from 3 to 5, more
than thirty couples attending. Music
was by the McAleer-Reynolds piano
horn and drum trio.
OUT OF HOSPITAL.
Rod Mclsaac. night watchman in
the Phelps Dodge Mercantile Com
pany's Bisbee store, is out of the Cop
per Queen hospital following a severe
illness. His many friends will be
pleased to know of his complete re
covery. The Sanitary Dairy's last week's
test showed 5.2 butter fat (govern
ment requires only 3.25) 200,000 bac
teria count (government requirement
150,000(. The Sanitary Dairy offers
the best cow in their herd to any one
who will prove they sell adulterated
milk. Official test will be published
weekly. Advertisement
SI
MARRIED YESTERDAY.
J. B. Borroum and Ella May Wolfe,
both of Bisbee. were united in mar-
riage yesterday afternoon, by Judge
M. C. High at bis office in Bisbee.
Both are residents of the county and
"i'l reside in the city.
Tailor mode suits, satisfaction or
Money refunded. Millard & Bateman
Leading Tailors,- Allen Block.
Advertisement.
BACK FROM DRAGOONS.
Charles L. Jones, of Bisbee, return
ed yesterday from the Dragoons
where be has mining interests and
'mmediately left for Rosemont, Pima
county, where he is operating a prop
erty. Rosemont is in the Santa Rita
mountains.
A car every hour, Bisbee to Doug
'as. Good cars and carefuk drivers.
American Stage Line. Phone 366.
Advertisement
LEAVES.
! E. J. Reeves, one of the owners of
I the Progressive Amus:vent Compa
ny, after visiting Bisbee for two days,
left yesterday morning for Douglas.
He expected to leave the Smelter City
last evening for the coast.
Dr. Playfair. Osteopath, 98 Mason
Hill, Mason Hill car stop.
(Advertisement)
HIS FIRST JOB.
' Justice of the Peace J. W. Winters,
of Lowell, first work in his new of-
' flee, was that of tieing a 'knot.' Last
evening at his offices in Lowell, which
are located in the Brophy Garage
building, he united Miss L. A. Tetty
and J. W. Williams in marriage.
PORTRAITS THAT PLEASE
Irwin Studio, Main Street. 857
Advertisement
RETURNS FROM SPRINGS.
J. F. Wilmouth, merchants police
of Bisbee, returned Sunday morning
from Murletta Hot Springs. Califor
nia, where he has been recuperating
from a severe cold and la grippe. Wil
mouth returns feeling much improved
and thoroughly rested up.
OUR MISTAKE.
In Sunday morning's Review it was
stated that only one chance had been
made In the official force of the Co
chisp county court house. It was stat
ed that the only office which changed
hands was that of county school sup
erintendent. This is not the case as
Ray H. Krebs succeeds Owen E. Murphy.
Women's Street and Afternoon DRESSES
at Wonderful Reductions
We" ve gone through the entire dress stock and made our final case
emptying prices that should insure the quickest selling. An event
that carries a message of utmost importance to every woman within
reach of this store. An excellent range of colors as well as black in
materials of charmeuse, wool serges, silk taffetas, poplins, satins and
'A
combinations of Georgette
ette. The styles are the season's prettiest.
Lot 1 Values to
Lot 2 Values to
Lot 3 Values to
Lot 4 Values to
Lot 5 Values to
Lot 6 Values to
CLEARANCE OF THE ENTIRE STOCK OF WOMEN'S TRIMMED HATS
Values up
I to $10. yur j
I choice
0
GOES TO PHOENIX.
Mrs. Rosa McKay, representative
in the state legislature from this coun j
ty snd one of the two women mem-1
bers of that branch this term, left j
Eisbee yesterday for the state capi- j
tal. Mrs. McKay accompanied, as far J
as Tucson, her nephew, Ernest V.
Shulp,. who is a student nt the Uni-1
versityof Arizona. j
SUNDAY WEDDING BELLS. j
James Manson, a popular shifter at
the Lowell mine and one of the best
known miners in Southern Arizona,
and Mr3. Thomas McKerney, of Bis
bee, were united in marriage Sunday
afternoon at 1 o'clock at the home or
thp bride on Clawson Hill. The cere
mony was performed ty Rev. J. E.
Fry. The couple will reside on Claw
son Hill.
OFFICE ABOUT READY.
Judge M. ('. High, justice of the
peace of Bisbee precinct, now has the
'nost commodious justice office in the
state of Arizona. He is located in the (
Blo( co"ser -
In the .
roni oi in? room lih- jmhp
and i
lames Powell have their business of-
-es snd in tbe re?r is the court room.
The furniture and fixtures will be I
complete within a day or two and its
Appearance will be most presentable
at that time.
"HUSBAND AND WIFE."
1 Holbrook Blinn and Ethyl Clayton,
two of the best known stars before
the screen will be seen this evening
at the Royal theatre in the World,
Brady-made, picture, entitled, "Hus
band and V.'ife." These wo film peo
nlo need little introduction to the niov
fans of the Warren District and the
i play in which they are appearing
j comes to the local show house excep
j tionally well recommended.
, LOCKING FOR FOOTBALLERS.
! Any soccer football player who is
desirous of playing during the pres
ent season is asked to meet William
Chappelle, at the Cell pool hall on
Brewery Gulch, or to notify him
through General Delivery. Chappelle
, is at the head of the Bisbee Homers,
! heretofore one of the best teams in
the city league. He is anxious to se
cure a good team to represent the
club in the race for the Charity Cup.
LYRIC
"Night Shadows"
Two Reel Drama.
"When Little Lindy Sang"
One Reel Comedy
The Smell Magnetic Hand'
One Reel Comedy.
Sc
' TODAY
5c
crepe nd taffeta, charmeuse
$15, now
$20, now
$30, now
$45, now
$65, now
$90, now
iele
COMPLAINS AGAINST
NOISEY CELEBRATION
OF NEW YEARS' EVE
j out of the District Court of the United j said District Court of the United
Many Bisbee People Say That States for the District of Arizona, un-1 States, to be holden in and for tbe
rK RorHftt Fir"nx nf Shot der tne seal ot tnat court ana dated said District of Arizona, at the United
r . ciT 1J U the 15th day ot November- A- D- 1916. 1 States court room in the city of Tuc
On Occasion Should Be and directed to me, public notice Is , son. in that District, 'on the 11th day
Eliminated Is Dangerous, hereby given to all persons claiming of December, 1916, next, if that be a
certain merchandise and property, day of jurisdiction, and if not, then
That the firearm celebration on New to-wit. Forty-two head of cattle, more on the first day of jurisdiction there
Years eve is fast losing favcr with particularly classified as follows: sev- after, at ten o'clock in the forenoon
the larger part of the people is appar
ent after hearing the protests
and
complaints made yesterday in various
parts of the Warren District. Not on
ly are such celebrations out of pro-
poition to the need but they are dan
gerous as well.
On Sunday night, a man, who lives
on O. K. Street, celebrated by firing
off a gun. He fired the weapon five
times through his roof and one shot
i nearly hit one of his immediate fami-
v
As it was no one was hurt. No
other accident or near-accident
was
reported yesterday.
"The celebration of the New Year
is all right, if carried on in the right
way," said one Bisbee man yesterday
"When a lot of people think that it is
necessary to imitate the battle of the
Somme in order to properly introduce!
a new twelvemonth, then it should be
stopped.
"Not only are such celebrations
very noisy, but they are very danger
ous. On several occasions people
have been seriously hurt. In Bisbee
the streets are so constituted that
the danger is magnified. I hope that
the council and the city officers, in
the future, take steps to eliminate
the useless firing of guns on the oc
casion. The New Year can come into
being, fully as auspicious, without so
much noise."
CHURCH ILL-ASH BY NUPTIALS.
General interest will be taken lo
cally in tbe wedding last night of F.
Clarence Churchill, a member of the
C. & A. office force, and Miss Mildred
Ashby. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J.
L. Ashby of Higgins Hill. Mr. Church
ill, since his arrival in the Warren
District, has established himself in
the respect and high favor of the com
munity, and Miss Ashby is held in
much esteem. The wedding was sol
emnized at the home of Miss Ashby's
parents at 8 p. pi., relatives and a few
intimate friends attending. Rev. J. E.
Fry officiated. Following the honey
moon, Mr. and Mrs. Churchill will
make their home in Warren.
REPELLS IMAGINARY
ATTACKERS OF S.
F.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 1. Twenty,
fve minutes and twenty seconds after
the assembly had sounded at the
armory here today a full company of
roast artillery were transported by a
motor reserve corps, had reached Fort
Miley, about five miles distant, and
completely manned the big coast guns
ready to repel an imaginary enemy
approaching the Golden Gate.
Colonel Henry G. Mathewson, Coast
Artillery National Guard of California,
was In charge of the demontsrntioj
by the national guardsmen under
Captain H. D. Ruyus of the motor re
serve corps. The maneuver was ar
ranged by General II. P. Davis, com
mander of the coast defenses of San
Francisco Bay. I
sv All Children's Wool
" loesses HALF PRICE
Evening Gowns
ONE-FOURTH-OFF
Women's Coats
ONErFOURTII-OFF
Children's and Women's
Furs ONE-THIRD OFF
and Georg
..$7.95
$11.95
$15.00
$22.50
$32.50
$45.00
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE
UNITED STATES FOR THE DIS
TRICT OF ARIZONA.
United States of America.
Forty-two Head of Cattle.
NO. 91, Tucson.
vs.
In pursuance of a monition, issued
enteen head of cows, nine head of
yearlings, four head of yearling heifers,
ana iweive neaa oi calves, neretotore nay -ji in hi oi naia seizure ana mior- '
seized on land, at Naco, within said , mation then and there to interpose a
District, for reasons and causes men- claim to the said merchandise and pro
tioned in a certain information filed perty and to make their allegations in
in that behalf in the said court, in the
case entitled United States of America
Are you nervous? Do you
have Headache? Are you
wearing the right kind of
Glasses?
Dr. R. GLAZE, Neurologist,
1 0 and 1 1 Maze Building,
i Phone 156.
AMERICAN WOMAN
4cV
4
r ,y-:.
On an
women's
SUITS; on aU
children's
winter COATS
- EXTRA VALUES
Values up
versus Forty.-two head of cattle, being
case number ninety-one in the same
: court, and to all persons knowing or
j having anything to say why the said
court shall not pronounce against the
same for the Forfeiture thereof, accord
ing to the prayer of said information.
i that they be and appear before the
. of that day, the same being the return
j day of the monition aforesaid, and the
that behalf.
Dated November 20, 1916.
J. P. DILLON.
United States Marshal for the Dis
trict of Arizona.
THOMAS A. FLYNN.
United States Attorny for the- Dis
trict of Arizona. '
SEMI-FINALS REACHED
ON PINEHURST LINKS.
P1NEHURST. N. C, Jan. 1. Philip
Carter, of New York, Millmore Robe
son, f Rochester, Frederick Snare of
Havana, and Dwight L. Armstrong, of
Pittsburg, reached the semi-finals to
day in the mid-winter golf tournament
here. Carter won by default of C. H.
Williams, of Philadelphia and will
meet Robeson tomorrow. Robeson de
feated Robert Hunter of Nai'oton.
Snare defeated W. L. Pierce Jr., of
Engl e wood and will meet Armstrong.
Armstrong beat Robert Shannon of
PitUburg.
REVIVES FiOMERIC ART!
In Jhe old Homeric days the lyre
and human voice portrayed the hap-
penings of the day and age.' Today
" the printed sheet does this, but cold
type cannot supply the human touch
needed to give a line strength, force
and sympathy. The revival of this
most human of all the dramatic arts
is being sponsored by a gifted ex
ponent. Miss Janet Mannheimer.
Eleanor Gates, the author, calls her
"first aid to playwrights" because
she "interprets a drama, giving each
scene its proper value and reading
each lin? so well that both the beauty
end underlying thought is clearly
iM cut."
if
MBManaMUMMMa
Trfff
OUR WANT ADS BRING RESULTS